The Sunday Call Magazine'. "Errandl"J.SheVranV to the, 'hedge,
along thWtopof which H.hlRh'Whlte hat
was now seen $ perambulating; ahe
¦¦> MiBs,Betty • waved her hand, staring
af teflthem', her.'eyesilarge .with '.'wonder.
She^ compressed her 'lips tightly:'""Er
rand!" Th's was the friend; of child
hood's,happy; hour, and they . had [hot
met Iii v t wn years ! ". ; ¦> ' '
It is a wicked thing that some woni«n.
should kiss when a men is by; in the
present Instance the gentleman became
somewhat faint. ; . ;
,.<"rm so glad-T-ftlad!" exclaimed Betty.
"Yoq were just cd fhihg> to "see me,
weren't' you? My father is.'inthe li
brary. -Let me— " ' ; .
Miss Bareaud drew'back. ; "No, no!"
she Interrupted hastily and "with evi
dent perturbation. "I— we" mustbeon
our way immediately. 1 ' Sh? threw a
glance at the gentleman. wh!ch let him
know that she . now comprehended hi>
gloves, ' and why their i| "stroll- had
trended toward Carewe' street. "Come
at once!" she commanded him quickly,
in an undertone. < . ~
. ''But how that you're here," said Miss
Betty, wondering" very much why he
was noX 'presented; to her, "won't you
wait and let me gather a nosegay for
you? 'Our pansies arid violets — V •
"I 'could help," the gentleman sug
gested, with the lotrk of a lame, dog at
Miss Bareaud. "I have been considered
useful about -a garden."
"Fool!" Betty did not hear the word
that came from MlssBafreaud's closed
teeth, although 'she was mightily surf
prised at | the visible agitation • of ; ; her
schoolmate, for the * latter's .y face .was
pale • and "excited. And^Miss Carewe's
aroazement; was complete -when Fan
chon,^without V more words, cavalierly,
seized the gentleman's arm and' moved
toward the . street i with v .hlm as rapidly
as his; pVrceptlble reluctance to leave
permitted.. But at •the; gate . Miss . Ba
reaudv turned and called back over
hef.; shoulder, as 'If. remembering the
necessity of offering, an excuse ' f or^sd
remarkable a. proceeding: ."I shall cbme
'again. very soQn!', Just now we are upon
an; errand of^grettt'lmpcrtance, Goqd
'dayi;''. . ' ....;•:.,. -;>-. : .[, '¦•'¦ ' y. r;----;.^"*/:
Eight most kind In cushioning' the' feet'
.of cats. ' ; ¦ ' ¦ '.
"Ah! I didn't want-it that much!" "
I VA'cat In the hand Is worth two
nightingales In the bush,", he said*
boldly, and laughed. "I would shed
more blood 'than that!"
Miss Bettv blushed like a southern'
dawn, ; and, started, back" frc-m^; him::
From the convent but yesterday— and
she had taken a man's hand in both of
hers! ' ' , .' r -' '.", : . '
'¦It was to this tableau that the lady m,
blue ' entered,," following the hunt
through the gates,* where. shfe stopped
with a discomposed' countenance. At
once, however, she advanced, and with
a cry of greeting,' ejiveluped Miss Betty
in a brief embrace, to the relief of the
latter's confusion. It : was Fanchon
Bareaud. now two, years, emancipated
from St. Mary's, and far. gone in taf
feta. With her lusterful light hair, ab
sent blue eyes, and her gentle voice, as
small and pretty as her face and figure.
it was not too difficult to Justify Crai
ley Gray's characterization of her as
one of those winsome.; baggages who
had made an air of ' feminine helpless
ness the fashion of the day..
prehstu down a loose branch, and called
In a tender voice .to lhe stranger whom
Fanchyn'. -had chosen , should remain
nameless: ' ,
"Be sure to put gome salve on- your
hand!" •
He made a*. bow which just missed
being too lo'w, butldid miss it.
"It is there— already," he said \;i and,
losing his courage after, the bow! made
his speech with bo palpable ajgaep.be-f
fore the last >ord that the dullest per r
son in the world could have seen that
he meant it.
Miss Betty disappeared;
There. was a;; rigidity of expression
abviit th« gentle, mouth of Fanchon
Bareuud; which vher companion did not
enjoy, Vis they went on their way. each
preserving an uneasy silence, until at
her own' door, she turned sharply upon
him. .."Tom " Vanrevel. .1 thought .you
were the steadiest— and, ; now } you've
proved yourself the -craziest— soul' in
Rouen!" she burst out. "And I couldn't
say^worse ! " fj .';.'•'• ?'.'
"Why didn't you present me to her?"
ftEkod Vanrevel.. \lv
"Because;" I thuusht ,a man oJ your
gallantry/ ; might % prefer': not to . face ''a
shotgun ' iii - the presence of . ladies! "^ •. '.
'."Poo])!-'. • '.-¦ - •] ;
'¦'•' "Pooh!";' mirhjeked '.'Miss Hareaud.
"You can 'pooh' as much as -yt>u like,
but' if : he had; seen' us: from -the* windovv
-—','• Slie covered her r . face ~witlr,; her
lmnds for a moment; then dropped, them
and smiled upon him. * "I understand
perfectly to what I owe the pleasure'of
CHAPTER II.
SURVIVING EVILS OF THE REIGN
\ OF TERROR. '
Does there exist an .Incredulous, or
jealous., denizen of another portion of
our co'untry who, knowing that the
room in the wooden cupola trver Mr.
Carewe's library "was commonly alluded
to by. Rouen as the "Tower Chamber,"
will prove himself so sectlonally preju
diced as to deny that the town was a
veritable hotbed of literary interest, or
that teir" Walter, Sc<-tt was ill-appreci
ated there? Some of the men looked sly,
and others grinned, at mention of this
apartment: but the romantic were not
lacking who spoke jof it in' whispers;
how the^llghts sometimes shone there
all night long, and the gentlemen drove
away, white! faced," in the dawn. The
cupola, rising above the library, over
looked the garden, and the house, save
for 'that, was of a single story, with a
low: veranda running the length of its
front: The windows of the library and
of a row of bedrooms — one of which was
Miss Betty's— lined the veranda,
"steamboat fashion:"- the inner doors
of these rooms all opening upon a Ions
hall which bisected the, house. The
stairway leading to the room In the cu
poia rose In the library Itself, wh!i* the
bisecting hall afforded the only across
to the -library: hence, ths gossips.- well
acquainted "with the geography 6f tha
place, conferred Seriously together upon
what effect Miss Betty's homecoming
would have' In this connection; for any
one going to the stairway must needs
pass her door; and, what was, more to
the pi/lrit. a party of gentlemen de
scending late from the, mysterious tur
ret 'mjeht be not so quiet as they in
tended, and the young; lady sufficiently
disturbed 'to Inquire' of h»r. father wh;it
entertainment he provided that should
keep his .-guests" until four in the, mim
ing.
"But at 'present it was with the oppo
site pnd of" the house that the town
was occupied, for there, workmen' were
hammering and sawing and painting all
day ..long. , finishing the addition Mr.
Garewe was; building for his daughter'3
debut. 4 This hammering. disturbed Miss
a stroll with you this morning, and
your casual insistence on the shadl
ness of Carewe street!" He laughed
nervously, but her smile vanished, and
she continued, "Keep away, Tom. She
is beautiful, and at St. Mary's I always
thought she had spirit and wit, too. I
only hope Crailey won't see her before
the. wedding! But It isn't safe for you.
Oo along, now, and ask Crailey pleaae
to come at three this afternoon."
This message from Mr. Gray's be
trothed was all the one ill-starred Tom
conveyed to his friend. Mr. Vanrevel
was ordinarily esteemed a person of
great reserve and discretion; neverthe
less there was one man to whom he told
everything, and from whom he had no
secrets. He spent the noon hour in fee-,
ble attempts to describe to Crailey
Gray the. outward appearance of Miss
Elizabeth Carewe; how she ran like a^
young Diana; what one felt upon hear
ing her voice; and he presented In him
self an example exhibiting something of
the cost of looking into her eyes. His
conversation was more or less Incoher
ent; but the effect of It : was complete.
gence), but the open windows disclos
ing a world all sunshine and • green
leaves, she threw. the book aside with
a good conscience, and danced out to
the garden..- There, coming upon/a'
fuzzy, white ball rolling into/itself spir-'
ally on a lazy pathway, she pounced at
It. whereupon the. thing uncurled "with"
lightning swiftness, and ;fled^ rriore : ilk6.
a streak than, a kitten, 'down trie ;' drive.'
through the i'otfi^i ga,te> and. into the "
street, Miss Bi^iftlf ull ery!&
Across the Way^he're Chanced to be
strolling^ younir lady In blue, '"accom-*
panled bV a gentleman whose le'isurely
sait gave no 'indication of the-ma
neuvering he had done to hasten their
walk into its Present- direction. -He was
apparently thirty or thirty-one, tall
very straight, dark, smooth shaven'
his eves keen, deep set and. thought
ful, and his high white hat, white satin
cravat and careful collar were evi
dence of an elaboration of toilet some
what unusual in Rouen" for the morn
ing; also, he was carrying a pair of
white gloves in his hand and dangled
a slender ebony cane from his wrist.
The flying, kitten headed toward the
couple, when, with a celerity only to be
accounted for on the theory that his
ey* had been fixed on .the Carewe gate
way for some time previous to thn
sudden apparition, the ' gentleman
leaped in front of the fugitive.
The kitten attempted a dodge to pass;
the gentleman was there before it. The
kitten feinted; the gentleman was al
together too much on the spot. Imme
diately—and Just as Misa „ Carewe,
flushed and glowing, ran into the street
—the. small animal doubled, evaded
Miss Betty's frantic clutch, re-entered
the gateway, and attempted a disap
pearance into the lilac bushes, instead
of going round them,' only t<5 find it
self, for a fatal two seconds. 1 in diffi
culties with the close-set thicket of
stems.
In regard to the extraordinary agility
of which the pursuing gentleman was
capable, it is enough to say that he
caught* the cat. He emerged from the
lilacs holding it in one hand, his gloves
and white hat In the other, and pre
sented himself before Miss Betty with a
breathlessness not entirely attributable
to his' exertions.
For a moment, as she came running
toward him and he met her 'flashing
look, bright with laughter and recogni
tion and haste, he stammered. A thrill
nothing less than delirious sent the
blood up behind hts brown cheeks, for
he saw that .she, too, knew that thjs
was the second time their eyes had met.
Naturally, at that time he could not
know how many other gentlemen were
to feel that same thrill' (in their cases,
also, delirious, no less) .witKiihe same,
accompanying, ' mysterious' ' ' feeling
which came - Just before M^ss Betty's
lashes fell, that 'one had found, at last,
a precious thing, lost long since in
childhood, err left, perhaps, upon some
other, planet in ; a life ten thousand
years ago.
He could not speak at once., but when
he could,- "Permit me, madam,", he said,
solemnly, offering the captive, " to re^
store your; kitten.'.' *
An agitated kitten should no- be de
tained by clasping its waist, and v al
ready the conqueror was paying for,his
viBtory. There ensued *-aJ final, outra
geous saulrm of despairf -two j frantic
claws, . extended, ; ; Idrew. •: oTSe long red
mark across the stranger's Wist,' and
another down the, back of {'.is .hand to
the knuckles. They were gjJod, ' hearty
scratches. , and the- blood fallowed the
artist's lines rapidly; but frf this the
young man took no note, f|ir he knew
that he was • about to f, hear Miss
Carewe's .voice ; for> the first iftlme..
,"They.^say. the best vi:ay. to hold
them, M he observed, "is' by; the", scruff
of 'the neck." v "
: Beholding his wounds, suffered in Her
cause, she gave a pitying cry 5 that made
his \ heart ' leap • with^ 1 the ¦ richness " and
sweetness o-f ¦ it. - Catching the kitten
from him! sbe'dropped.it to the, ground
in such wise as to prove nature's fore-
CHAPTER I.
Copyright by McClure, Phillips A Co.
A CAT CAN DO MORE THAN LOOK
AT A KINO.
IF was long, ago in the days when
men sighed when they fell In love;
when people danced by candle and
• lanip^ and did dance, too. Instead of
solemnly gliding about; in that mellow
• time so long ago, when the young were
romantic and cummer was roses and
• wine, old Carewe brought his lovely
daughter home from the convent to
wreck the hearts of the jputh of Rouen.
.That was not a fjir Journey; only an
afternoon's drive through the woods
and by the river. In an April long ago;
Miss Betty's harp carefully strapped
behind the great lumbering carriage,
her guitar on the front seat, half
. buried under a mound of bouquets and
odfijy shaped little bundles, farewell
. gifts cf her comrades and the good sis
. ters. In her left hand ehe clutched a
email lace handkerchief, with which she
. now and then touched her eyes.
brimmed with the parting from Ei3ter
Cecilia. Sister Mary Bazilede, the. old
efon*-- st*>i>? and all the girls; but* for
every time that she li*ed the dainty
kerchief to brush away the edge of a
tear, she took a deep breath of the
Western woodland air and smiled at
least twice: /or the years of strict in
closure within St. Mary's walls and
still garden were finished and done with
.and at last the many-colored world
flashed and danced in a mystery before
• her. This myetery was brilliant to the
consent, pirl because it contained men;
•she vcis Aper to behold it.
T: ey rumbled into town after sunset,
in th« fair Cvilight, the dogs barking
before them, and every one would have
been surprised to know that Tom Van
. rgvel. instead of Mr. Crailey Gray, was
the flrs. c to see her. By the merest ac-
Cident. Tom was Rtrolilng near the
Carewe ajlace at the time; and when
• the carriage _<wung into the gates, with
. rattle arid, clink and clouds of dust at
t!>5» finifa. it was not too soon lost be
hind the shrubbery and trees tor Tom
to catrh something more than a glimpse
of a eray^klrt behind a "mound of flow
ers, ana of a charming face with parted
l>ps and £ark eyes beneath the scuttle
.of 9a enormous bonnet. It happened —
perhaps it is more accurate to say that
Tonj thought It happened— that she was
Just clearing away her veil when he
¦ turneC to look. She blushed suddenly,
eo much was xne% to be mistaken; and
; the eyes th«,-\t met his were remarkable
• for ojjheJoreSeons than the sheer love
*llness of them, in that, even in the one
.flash of them he caught, they meant so
rnany things at one time. They were
sparkling, yet mournful; and they were
w lFtful, although undeniably lively
¦jViUi tV >» gayest comprehension of the
recipient of their glance, seeming to
«^y. "Oh, It's you. young man. is it!"
An? they were shy and mysterious
wit»» youth, full of that wonder at the
worlj which has the appearance, some
times.*of wisdom gathered in the un
known out of which we came. But,
above all. these eyes were fully con
scious of Tom VanreveL
'¦ . '^Vithout realizing what he did. Mr.
Vanrevel stopped short. He had been
I swinging a walking-stick, which, de
• ecril£ng'a brief arc, remained poised
8 half £ay^ in its descent There was
only -that* one glance between them;
\ and the carriage disappeared, leaving
'••{¦fern of epring flowers In the air.
The young man was left standing on
the woode^i pavement in the midst of a
pre?t loneliness, yet enveloped in the
afterglow, his soul roseate, his being
quavering, his expression, like his cane.
• Instantaneously arrested. With such
promptitude and finish was he disposed
' of that had Miss Carewe been aware of
iAs name. and the condition wrought In
> him by the single stroke, she could have
feoupht on'V the terse Richard of Eng
land for a like executive ability, "Qt£
wUh his head! So much for Vanre
vel!"
• She had lifted a slender hand to the
fluttering veil, a hand in a white glove
with a small lace gauntlet at the wrist.
This gesture was the final divinity of
the radiant* vision which regained with
the dazed young man as he went down
the street: and it may have been three
quarters of an hour later ¦when the
background of the picture became vivid
io him; a carefully dressed gentleman
with heavy brows and a handsome
high nose, who sat stiffly upright be
eide the girl, his very bright eyes quite
i\« conscious of the. stricken pedestrian
as were hers, vastly different, however,
in this; that they glittered, nay. almost
bristled, with hostility: while every
polished button of his blue coat seemed
to reflect their malignancy, and to dart
little ecboicg shafts of venom at. Mr.
VanreveL
Tom Mas dismayed by the acuteness
of his perception that a man who does
ret Fpeak to you has no right to have
a daughter like the lady In the carriage,
and. the moment of this realization oc
curring as he sat making a poor pre
t<-rt-<' to eat his evening meal at the
"Kcruen. House." hp dropped his fork
rattling upon his plate and leaned back
staring at nothing, a proceeding of
which his table-mate, Mr. William
Cnmmings. the editor of > the Rouen
Journal, v.as too bUEy over his river
ba^s t«i takp not<\
"Have you heard what's new in
to"-}!^" asked Cumniings presently,
lo^Vinjr vr>.
••No," taid Tom truthfully, tor he had
seen what was new, but not heard It.
"Old Carewe's brought his daughter
home. Fanchon Bareaud was with her
at St. Mary's until last year; and
Fanchon says she's not only a great
beauty but a great dear."
"Ah!" rejoined the other with mas
terly indifference* "Dare — dare
say." .
"No wonder you're not interested,"
said Cnmmings cheerfully, returning t»
the discussion of his bass. '.The old
villain will take precious good care you
don't come near her."
Mr. Vanrevel already possessed a pro
found conviction to the same effect.
Robert Meilhac Carewe was known not
only as the wealthiest citizen of Rouen,
but also as its heartiest and most stead
fast hater: and, although there were
only five or six thousand inhabitants,
neither was a small -distinction. For
Rouen was ranked, In those easy days,
as a wealthy town; even as 4t was
called an old town: proud of its age
and its riches, and bitter in its politics,
of course. The French had built a fort
there, eoon after . LaSalle's last voy
age, and. as Crailey Gray said, had
settled the place and had then been set
tled themselves by the pioneer militia.
After the -Revolution. Carolinians and
Virginians had come, by way of Ten
nessee and Kentucky; while the adven
turous countrymen from Connecticut,
traveling thither to 'sell, remained to
buy — and then sell — when the country
was in its teens. In course of time the
HUle trading-post of the Northwest
Territory had grown to be the' leading
center of elegance and culture In the
Ohio Valley— at least they said so in
Rouen; only a few people in the coun
try, such as Mr. Irving of Tarrytown,
for instance, questioning whether a
center could lead.
The pivotal figure, though perhaps
not the heart, of this center, was un
questionably Mr. Carewe. and about
him the neat and tight aristocracy of
the place revolved: the old French
remnant, having liberally intermarried,
forming the nucleus, together with de
scendants of the Cavaliers (and those
who said they were) and the industri
ous Yankees, by virtue (if not by the
virtues) of all whom the town grew
and prospered. Robert Carewe was
Rouen's magnate, commercially and
socially, and. until an upstart young
lawyer named Vanrevel struck into his
power with a broad-ax, politically.
The wharves were Carewe's; the ware
houses that stood by the river, and the
line of packets which plied upon It,
were his; half the town was his. andCtU
Rouen this meant that he was porff
sessed of the Middle Justice, the higrji
and the low. His mother "was a'
French woman, and, in those days,
when to go abroad was a ponderous
and venturesome undertaking, the fact
that he had spent most of his youth in
the French capital wrought a certain
glamor about him; for to the American,
Parlf was Europe, and it lay shimmer
ing on the far horizon of every imagi
nation, a golden city, Scarce a draw
ing-room in Rcuen lacked Its fearsome
engraving entitled "Grand Ball at the
Tullerles," nor was Godey's Magazine
ever more popular than when It con
tained articles elaborate of similar
scenes of festal light, where brilliant
uniforms mingled with shining jewels,
fair locks, and .the white shoulders of
magnificently dressed duchesses, coun
tesses, and ladles., (Credit for this de
ecripticm should be given entirely to the
above mentioned periodical.) Further
more, a sojourn in Paris was held to
confer a "certain nameless and in
describable polish" upon the manner
of the visitor: also, there was some
thing called "an air, of foreign travel."
They talked a great- deal 'about polish
In those days; and some ..examples still
extant do not deny their^justiflcation;
but in the case of Mr. Carewe,* there ex
isted a citizen of Rouen, one already
quoted, who had the temerity to de
clare the polish to be in truth quite
nomeless and indescribable for the rea
son that one cannot paint a vacuum.
However, subscription to this opinion
ehould not be over-hasty, -since Mr.
Crailey Gray had been notoriously a
rival of Carewe's with every pretty
woman in town, both having the same
eye in such matters, and also because
the slandered gentleman could assume
a manner when he chose to, whether or
not he possessed it. At his own table
he exhaled a hospitable graciousness
which, from a man of known evil tem
per, carried. the winsomeness of sur
prise. When he wooed, It was with an
air of stately devotion, combined with
that knowingness which sometimes off
sets for a widower the tendency a girl
has to giggle at him; and the combina
tion had been, once on twice, too much
for even the allurine; Crailey. ' . ¦
Mr. farewe lived in an old-fashioned
house on the broad, quiet, shady street
which bore his name. There was' a
wide lawn in front, shadowy under elm
and locust trees, and bounded by thick
shrubberies. A long gard.n. fair with
roses and hollyhocks, lay outside the
library windows, an old-time garden,
with fine gravel paths and green ar r
lors: drowsed over in summer time by
the bee*, while overhead the locust
rasped h's rusty cadence's the livelong
day; and a faraway sounding love note
from the high branches^ brought to
mind the line, like an old refrain:
"The voic* of the turtle was heart In thf land.
Between the garden and the carriage
gates there was a fountain "where a
bronze boy- with the dropsy (but ¦ not
minding it) lived in a perpetual bath
from a green goblet held over hia head.
Nearby, a stone sun dial gleamed
against a clurap of lilac bushes; and It
was upon "this >pot{ that; the, white
kitten introduced Thomas Vanrevel to
Miss Carewe. / ;
Upon .the morning after her -arrival,
having finished- her pianoforte prac
tice, touched, her. lyrp twice, and ar
pepgioed the Spanish Fandango on her
guitar, Mies Betty read two .paragraphs
of Gilbert (for she was profoundly de
termined to pursue her task with, dili-
Betty, who had become Xirrost.as Du?y
with the French devolution as with her
ir.antua-maker. F"or she hadtfouncl in
her father's library many .b»oks.not for
convent shelves; and fahe bad become a
Girondin. . . ?. .... "-...
She founrl memoirs, histories . and
tales of that delectable, period, then not
•so dim with time but that the. figures
of it were mo:fr than tragic; shadows;
and for a week thf-re,wa3.r.o riieal in
that house to which ;§he sat down
-earlier than half'an hoiir'late. She had
a rightful property-interest in the Rev
olution,: her" own great-uncle having
been one of those who "suffered:" not.
however, under 'the ¦.guillotine; for to
'Georges Mellhaj: appertained the rare
distinction of .death by accident on the
, day. ..when . the business-like young
Bonaparte played upon the -mob with
his cannon.^ ¦-.-¦.••¦ .'.•
There were some yellow, letters of this
great-uncle's in a box which- had be
longed,to her grandmother, a rich dij-.
covery tor Miss Betty, who read and
re-read them with eager and excited:
eyes,. living more In Paris with George*
and hia friends than in Rouen with .her,
father. Indeed, she had little. else to
do. Mr. 1 Carewe ' wai no- comrtdi for^
her, by far the reverse. She,.seldot»
»aw him, except at the. .table. , when l»v
sat with averted eyes, and t»
her very little: and. while making flab-; .
orate preparation for her introduction ,
to his friends (such was his phrase).
he treated her with a perfunctory, civ
ility which mad'e her wonder l£.b.«r,adrl
vent was altogether welcome tQ .him;,
but when 1 she noticed ; that his. halir_
looked darker than usfuaT about every,'
fourth day, she began to ' understand,
why he appeared' ungrateful *to her for/,
growing up. He went but a graat^deaV;
though no visitors came'to.th* h0tw«!,
for it was known that Mr. Carewej de-*
sired tb present his daughter tb no on« ~
until he presented her to alL Fanchon
Bareaud, indeed, made^ne hurried' and
embarrassed call; evading Miss B-tty'»
reference to the chevalier of the.Wtten^
with a dexterity too -'nlmbfe to be
thought unintentional. " Miss > Carewe
was forbidden -to return Tier friend's
visit until after her debut: and r Mr.
.Carewe explained that ihere ' was ' al- '¦
ways some worthless young men hang
ing about the Bareauds'. where (he did
not add) they interfered with a worthy
old one -who desfred to honor Fanch6n'»
older sister, Virginia, with his atten-'
tlons. r - ; ;.V
This was no great hardship for jllss
Betty, as since plunging into the Revo
lution with her great-uncle, she "had *
lost some curiosity concerning: the "men
of to-day, doubting that they - would
show forth as heroic, .as deborinalr," gay
and tragic as he. He. was the legen- •
dary hero of her childhood; she remem
bered her' mother'* stories of him ; per
haps more clearly" than ''she' remem
bered her-mbther; and one of the older
' ulsters Bad known *" him '/fh Farte • d
had talked of Mm at -length/ giving thV
flavor of his" dandyism and his beauty"
at first hand to his 'young, relative-.-' H*~
had ¦ been- one"- of "those hardy young
men; wearing ¦ unbelievable garments, -
who began to appear In the garden of
the Tullerles with- knives in their"
sleeves and cudgels -in their hands,
about April. 1794, and whose dash and
recklessness in many matters were th«
first intimations that the Citizen Tal- ¦
Hen was about to cause the Citizen
Robespierre to shoot himself through *
the Jaw. • ¦..;¦¦¦' • *
In the 'library hunic a- small.' tail-'
length drawing of Georges.' Hone In
color by Miss Betty's grandmother;'
and this she carried to her own room
and studied long: and ardently, until
sometimes the 1 :man himself seemed to
stand before her. In. spite of toe fact
that Mile. Metlhac had not a,distin
guished talent? and M.« Mellhac's ".; t e»- •
tures might have been anybody's. - It
was to-be seen, however, that ht wu
smiling. : . "
Miss Betty had an Impression that
'her grandmother's' art of portraiture
would have been more successful .-with
the profile than the "full-fac«." .Never.
tbeless, nothing could be more clearly
indicated than that the hair of M. Mell
hac was very yellow, and hia short.
huge-lapelled - waistcoat, " striped .with
scarlet. An enormous cravat covered
his chin; the heavy collar. of his yellow
coat rose behind hls-ears; while Its tails \
fell to his ankles: and the tlght.trou
sers of white and. yellow stripes wer»
tied with, white ribbons about- the mid
dle of the calf ;; he wore white stocking*
and gold-buckled yellow shoes,- a>d on ¦
the back of his head a Jauntily] cocked
black hat- Miss Betty Innocently, won
dered why his letters did not speak cf-,
Petioti.- of Vergniaud, or of Pumouxiex,.
since in the historical novels which sh»
read the hero's . lot was inevitably
linked with that of every one of Impor
tance in his generation; ¦* yet Georges
appeared to have been unacquainted
with these personages. _ Robespierre, bet
ing the only name of consequence men-,
tioned in. his letters; and then It ap
peared in much the same. fashion pracr.
tised by. her father, in alluding • to. the
Governor of the State- who had- the
'misfortune to be unpopular with .Mr.
Carewe. But . this did .not dim ,* her.
¦great-utfcle's luster in ,Miss' IBetty's..
eyes, nor lessen for her the.- pathetic
romance of the smile he wore. .
" Beholding this smile, one remembered,
th* end to which his light footsteps had
led him, and it was unavoidable Jo.
picture him left lying in the. empty
street behind the heels of the flying
crowd; carefully forming that '. same
smile on his lips and taking much! pride
in passing with one. small, cynical
speech, murmured to himself, cdncetp
irig the.inutility of a gentleman's get
ting shot by his friends. f or 'merely be
ing present to applaud them. So,..fan
cying him thus, with his yellow hair.,
his scarlet-striped waistcoat and; his
tragedy, the young girl felt ; a share pf
family greatness, or at least of pic
turesqueness.. descend. to her. And she
smiled sadly back upon the. smile in
the picture; and dreamed about its orig
inal night;, after night.
Whether -or not another figure, thttt
of a ; dark youhg.man In' a hat.,
Vkitha white kitten etching his wrist in
red, 1 found any place in her dreams at
this period tt"}^ impossible to' d^ter,
mine. .She, did not see him aw*in. It is
quite another thing, hazardpu9^to yeu
turr. to 'state that lu^dld'npt see'hff.'
At all events., it is certain .that many
people, who had never beheld her were
talkfb'g of her; that Koueri waa full of
IN view of the iurpriting
dearth of really good book*
daring the past season
. some of those that made
their appearance a year or more
ago are now enjoying a re
niarkable new popularity; none
more so than "The Two Van
revels," by Booth Tarkington,
which may. however, be better
accounted for by the fact that
t.his las>t creation is said to/be
by far the best novel ever writ
ten by the talented young au
ihnr "of "Monsieur Beaucaire
and "A Gentleman From Indi
ana." It is a <tirrin& story, and
?a prent h.-.s been the demand
for it that the Sunday Call, fol
lowing its literary policy of giv
ing its readers the very best
American literature obtainable,
has secured it by special ar
rangmtitts wi'h the publishers.
ft'Cvi'.l therefore be printed
complete- in the Sunday Call
Mapnrine in four installments —
an offer never before equaled
in the West. "The Two Van
revels" cannot be secured any
where in any other form for
less than five times what it will
cost you in the Sunday Call.
THE : SAN' FRANCISCO -SUNDAY GALU
2
THE TWO VANREVELSprey. Never were lady-killers' more -in-.
Btantaneously tamed and subjugated by
the p<) wer [ of th ie '¦¦ feminine "eye. Will
Cummings^ Came' inTsoonT. and. almost
upon" bis '< heels, 'Eugene : Madrillon .and"
young: Frank "Chenoweth. No others
appeared for half an hour, and the five"
gentlemen looked at one another 'aside,
remarks,; catching 'fragments here and
" there r "And may the' blush upon that
gentle cheek, lovelier than "the radiant
clouds at set of- sun," and "Yet the
sands of the hour glass must • fall; and
:ln the :• calm and beauteous old age
(taxnt day to b« < her lot, when fond
ntem'ry. leads her back to view again
the brilliant scene about her -now,
where <. stand fair women and brave
men,' wine cup in hand, to do her honor,
oh, may she wipe the silent ' tear." and
the llke. ; As the old gentleman finished,
and before the " toast was drunk; Fan
chon Bareaud, kissing - her ' hand to
Betty, took .up the song again: and
they -all joined in, lifting their glasses
to the blushing and happy girl clinging
to her- father's arm:
Thou wouldst still - be ; adored - as this ' mo mem
thou art.
I-et thy loveliness fade as It will;
And around the dear ruin each wish of my
heart' . .
Would entwine Itself verdantly, •till
/.They- were happy people ,who had
not learned , to be sel f -conscious enough
to fear; doing a "pretty thilngopenly
without •mocking themselves, for it;
arid it was a brave circle they made
about: Betty Carewe, the charming
Prove disappointing, and,' for his part,
he was , not even intereested enough , to
attend and investigate. So he was go
ing down the river in. a canoe and pre
ferred the shyness of bass to that of a
girl of eighteen Just -from the convent,
Tom ¦. Vanrevel ; was not ; present on the
occasion of these remarks, and the gen
eral- concurrence with- Crailey? may -be
suspected as a purely verbal one, since,
when the /evening came, two of the most
enthusiastic dancers and love makeri
of the town, the handsome Tappingham
Marsh and ..'.that; doughty -ex -dragoon
and ": Indian ; fighter,^ stout Told 'General
Trumble, were upon 1 the field. before the
enemy .appeared;; that is : to 'f say.-* they
were in ', the, new ; ballroom before their
host; Indeed,, the musicians : had not
arrived,'- and Nelson . afr aged' negixTisef- i
vitor, was * in' lighting, the
house. ' ; ' : }«-"' ¦¦.',-. > : ;" 4 ''¦¦-' *¦'* ¦..'¦"¦
The crafty, pair had planned this
early descent with a view; to : monopoly
by right of priority. In. case , the game
Let thy loTcIlntM faflt as- tt wffll
And around th« dear ruin each wtta.af sar
__ h«art - . i.-, . . ¦ ••""*
"Would «ntwin« Itstlf T«rd*nUy imi.
And the Jealous crab tre« found but
one to overmatch Itself in beauty; a
lady who was the focus of the singing;
for,/ by th* time th* shutters were
flung open there was not a young man
In the room, lacked he never so greatly
in music or in voice, who'did not heart
ily, desire to sing.to" Miss Betty Carewe,
and who did ¦ not; now (craning. neck
over partner's shoulder) seek to fix her
with his glittering eye, while he sang
"Oh, Believ* Me" most directly and
conspicuously at her. For that night
was the beginning; of Miss Betty's fa
mous career as the belle of. Rouen, arid
was the *date from '.which strangers
were to' hear* of her as "the beautiful
Miss Carew*," until '"beautiful" was
left off, visitors to the town being sup
posed to have heard at least that much
before they came.
There. had jj been much discussion, of
her. though only one or. two had caught
glimpses' of her; but most of the gal
lants appeared to agree. with Crailey
Gray/ who t aired his opinion— In an ex
ceedingly., ."casual way— at the little
club on Main - street. . Mr. ; Gray" held
that when' the daughter of a man' as
rich as Bob Carewe was heralded as a
beauty the chances were that she would
CHAPTER HL
THE ROGUES' GALLERY OF A FA
THER SHOULD BE EXHIBITED
TO A DAUGHTER WITH
PARTICULAR CARE. -.-, ' *
Those angels appointed to be guard
ians of the merry people of Rouen,
poising one night, between earth and
stars, discovered a single brilliant and
resonant spot, set in the midst of the
dark, quiet town like a jeweled music
box on a black doth. Sounds of rev
elry and the dance from the luminous
spot came up through the summer
stillness to the weary guardians all
night long, until, at last, when a red
glow stole into the east, and the dance
still continued, nay grew faster than
ever, the celestial watchers found the
work too heavy for their strength, and
forthwith departed, leaving the dancers
to their own devices; for, as every one
knows, when a dance lasts till daylight,
guardian angels flee.
All night long the fiddles had been
swinging away at their best; all night
long the candles had shone in thin rows
'of bright orange through the slits of the
window-blinds; but now, as the day
broke over the maples, the shutters
were flung open by laughing young
men. and the drivers of the carriages,
waiting in the dusty street, pressed up
closer to the pledge, or came within
and' stretched themselves > upon the
lawn, to see the people waiting In tbV
daylight. The horses, having no such
desires, stood with loosened check-reins,
slightly twitching their-upper lips, wist
ful of the tall grass which bordered the
wooden sidewalk, though now and then
not have frightened you for anything
In the world/ 1 .
"Why are you wearing that dress?"
He laughed, and pointed to where, be
hind him on the ground, lay L a long
gray cloak, upon which had been tossed
a white mask. "I'm on my way to the
masquerade," he answered, with an
airy gesture in the direction of the vio
lins. "I'm an Incroyable. you see; and
I had the costume ma.de from my recol
lection of a sketch of your great-uncl*.
I saw 'It a long time ago in your li
brary."
Miss Carewe's accustomed poise was
quite recovered; indeed, she was aston
ished to discover a distinct trace of dis
appointment that the brilliant appari
tion must offer so tame an explanation.
What he said was palpably the truth;
there was a masquerade that night, she
knew, at the Madrillon's. a little way
up Carewe street, and her father had
gone, an hour earlier, a blue domino
over his arm.
The Incroyable was a person of al
most magical perceptiveness; he felt
the let-down Immediately and feared a
failure. This would not do^the atti
tude of tension between them must be
renewed at once. "You'll forgive me?"
he began. In a quickly impassioned
tone. "It was only after you- sang, a
dream possessed me, and— " "" '
"I cannot stay to talk to you," Miss
Betty interrupted, and added, with a
straightforwardness which made, him
afraid she' would prove lamentably di
rect: "I do not know you." ;
Perhaps she remembered that already
one young man had been presented to
her by no better sponsor than a whit*
cat, and had no desire to carry her
unconventionality farther than that In
the present instance there was not even
a kitten.
She turned toward the house, where
upon he gave a little pathetic exclama
tion of pleading in a voice ttiat was
masterly, being as sincere as It was
musical, and he took a few leaning
steps toward her, both hands out
stretched.
"One moment more!" he cried, as she
turned again to him. "It may be the
one chance of my life to speak with
you; don't deny me this. All the rest
will meet you when the happy evening
comes, will dance with you. talk with
you, see you when they like, listen to
you sing. I, alone, must ht/ver about
the gates, or steal like a thief into your
garden to hear you from a distance.
Listen to me — just this once — for a
moment?"
"I cannot listen," she said firmly; and
stood quite still. She was now in deep
shadow. 1 .
"Are you a murderer?"
"I will not believe you merciless I.You
would not condemn the meanest crimi
nal unheard!" Remembering that sh*
was so lately from the convent, he ven
tured this spee'eh in a deep, thrilling
voice, only to receive a distinct shock
for his pains, for she greeted it with an
irrepressible, most unexpected peal of
contralto laughter, and his lips parted
slightly with the surprise of it.
They patted much farther in the ne.xt
Instant— in good truth. It may be stated
of the gentleman that he was left with
his mouth open — for, suddenly leaning
toward him out of the shadow into th*
light.' her face shining as a cast of
tragedy, she cried in a hoarse whisper:
And with that and a whisk of her
skirts, and a footfall on the gravel path,
she was ec#e. He stood dum
founded, poor comedian, having com*
to play the chief role, but to find tb*
scene taken out of his hands. Then
catching the flutter of her wrap, as she
disappeared into the darkness of the
veranda, he cried in a loud, manly
voice:
"You ar« a dear I"
As he came out into the street
through a gap in the hedge, he paused,
drawing his cloak about him. and lifted
his face to the eastern moon. It was a
strange face; the modeling most lik*
what is called Greek, save for the nose,
which was a trifle too short for that,
and the features showed a happy puri
ty of outline almost childlike; the blu*
eyes, clear, fleckless, serenely irrespon- (
Bible, with more the look of refusing re
sponsibility than being unconscious of
it; eyes without care, without pru
dence, and without evil. A stranger
might have said "he was about twenty
five and never had a thought in his life.
There were • some blossoms on the
hedge, and he touched one lightly, as
though he chucked it under the chin;
he smiled" upon it then, but not as he
had smiled upon Miss Betty,' for thij
was his own, the smile that came when
he was alone; and. when it came, the
face was no longer joyous as it had
been In repose: there was an infinite
patience and worn tolerance — possibly
for himself. This incongruous and mel
ancholy" smile was astonishing; on*
looked for the laujrhter of a boy and
found, instead, a gentle, worldly, old
prelate.
Standing there. . all alone In the
moonlight, by the hedge, he lifted both
hands high and waved them toward the
house, as children wave to each other
across lawns at twilight. After that he
made a fantastic bow to his corrugated
shadow on the broad sidewalk.
J 'Again, you rogue!" he exclaimed
aloud. Then, as he faced about and be
gan to walk in the direction of the
beckoning violins: "I wonder If Tom's
kitten was better, after all!"
contention concerning her beauty and
&«r gift, of music, for a song can be
beard through an open window. And
how did it happen that Crailey Gray
knew that it was Miss Carewe's habit
to stroll in her garden for half an hour
or bo each evening before retiring, and
that she went to mass every morning
•oon after sunrise? Crailey Gray never
rose at or near sunrise in bis life,
thouch he sometimes beheld It from
another point of view — as the end of
the evening. It appears that some one
must have told him.
One night when the moon lay white
en the trees and housetops Miss Betty
psused in her evening promenade and
eeated herself upon a bench on the bor
ders of the garden, "touched," as 'the
books .of the time would have put it,
"by the sweet tranquillity of the
•tene," and wrought upon by the ten*
d«^r incentive to sighs and melancholy
which youth in loneliness finds in a
loveliness of the earth. The breeze
bore the smells of the old-fashioned
garden, of violets and cherry blossoms,
and a sound of distant violins came on
the air playing the new song from th*
cew opera.
• But I also ireatr.t. which pleased me meat.
That you loved me Ju«t the «aroe
They sang, and v.ith the lilt of them
end the keen beauty of the night the
Inherited pain or the ages rose from
the deaths of the young girl's heart, so
that she thought it must break; for
what reason she could not have told,
•lnce she vras without care or sorrow
that she knew, except the French Revo
lution, yet tears shone upon the long
lashes. She shook them off and looked
up with a sudden odd consciousness.
The next second she sprang to her feet
with a gasp and a choked outcry, her
bands pressed to her breast.
Ten paces in front of her, a gap in
the shrubbery where tall trees rose left
a small radiant area of illumination
like that of a lime light in a theater,
Its brilliancy intensified by the dark
foliage behind. It was open to view
only from the bench by which she
stood, and appeared, indeed, like th*
stage of a little theater, a stage occu
pied by a bizarre figure. For. in the cen-
t ter of this shining patch, with the light
strong on his face, was standing a fair-
young man, dressed in a yellow
«oat. a^scarlet and white striped waist
coat, wearing a jauntily cocked black
hat on his head. And even to the last
detail, the ribbon laces above the ankle
•aid the gold- buckled shoes, he was the
¦ ketch cf Georges Meilhac sprang into
life..
At>out this slender figure there bung
a wan sweetness like a fine mist, al
most an ethereality in that light; yet
In ttie pale face lurked something reck
less,' something of the actor, too; and
though his smile was gentle and a wist
ful, there was a twinkle behind it, not
seen, at first, something amused and
Impish; a small surprise underneath,
like a fie a in a rose jar.
Fixed to the fcpot by this apparition,
MiF$ Betty stood wildly staring, her
•training eyelids showing the white
abov< and below the large brown iris.
Her. breath cameifaster and deeper, un
tji 'between her parted lips it became
"vpcal in a quick sound like a sob. At
that he sooke.
"F.orgive me!" The voice was low. vi
brant, and so exceedingly musical that
he "might have been accused of coolly
selecting his best tone; and it became
only sweeter when, even more softly, in
a, semi-whisper of almost crucial plead
ing, -he said. "Ah — don't go away!**
.la trtith *>he could not go; she had
been too vitally stirred; she began to
J.remhie excessively, and sank back up
on the bench, motioning him away with
vasrue gestures of her shaking hands.
• This, was more than the Incroyable
had counted upon, and far from his de
sires. He started forward with an ex
clamation.
"Don't come near me!" she gasped.
"Who are you? Go away!"
"Give me on<? second to explain," he
began: but with the instant reassur
ance of this beginning she cut him off
thort. her fears dispelled by his com
monplace. Nay, indignation displaced
them so quickly that she fairly flashed
up before him to her full height.
. "You did not come In by the gate!"
¦he cried. "What do you mean by com
{r.r here In that dress? What right havt
you in my garden?"
. "Just one word." he begged quickly,
but very gently. "You'd allow a street
beggar that much!"
• She stood before him, panting, and,
eg he thought, glorious, in her flush of
*etith and anger. Tom Vanrevel had
painted heY incoherently, but richly, in
epite ot that, his whole heart being in
the portrait: and Crailey Gray had
•mUed at what he deemed the exagger
ation of an ordinarily unimpressionable
man who had fajlen in love "at first
sirht;" jret,"ln the presence of the real
ity, tb* Incroyable decided that Tom's
colors had been gray and humble. It
was. not that she was merely lovely,
that her nose was straight, and her
chin dexterously wrought between
•Snare and oval; that her dark hair lay
•oft as a shadow on her white brow;
not that the trembling hand she held
a fain tt her breast sprang from a taper
Trist and tapered again to the tips of
the long fingers: nor that she was of
that slenderness as Btrong as It is deli
cate: not all the exquisite regularity of
line and mold, nor simplicity of color,
rave her that significance which made
tfeft Incroyable declare to himself that
he stood for the first time in the pres
ence of beauty, and that now he knew
the women he had been wont to call
beautiful were but pretty. And yet her
beauty, he told himself, was the least of
her loveliness, for there was a glamour
about her. It was not only the richness
of her youth; but there was an ineffa
ble exhalation which seemed to be made
partly of light, partly of the very spirit
of her, and, oddly enough, partly of the
•cent of the little fan that hung by a
ribbon from her waist. This was a wo
man like a wine, he felt, there was a
bouquet.
In regard to th<» bouquet of the young
man himself, if he possessed one. it is
pertinent to relate that at this very in
stant the thought skipped across his
mind (like the hop of a flea In a ros«
jar) that some day he might find the
moment when he could tell her the
truth about herself— with a half laugh
—and say: "The angels sent their ha
lves in a sandal- wood box to be made
Into a woman— and it was you!"
"If you have anything to say for
yourself, say it quickly!" said Miss
Betty.
*T[ou were singing a while ago," he
answered, somewhat huskily, "and I
stopped on the street to listen; then- 1
came here to be nearer. The spell of
your voice—" He broke off abruptly to
change the word. "The spell of the
song came over me— It Is my dearest
favorite— so that I etood afterward in
a sort of trance, only hearing apain, In
the silence. The stolen heart, like the
gathered rose, will bloom but a day!'
I did not see you until you came to the
bench.' You must believe me; I would
faces of the women and their fin* fur
belows, handsome men and tall, all so
gay. so cheerily smiling:, and yet so
earnest In their welcome to her. ' No
ohe,was afraid to "let out" his voice j
their song went full and strong over
the waking town, and when It was fin
ished the ball was over, too.
. .The veranda and the path to th*
gate became like tropic gardens. th«
fair colors of the women's dresses, bal
looning in the early breeze, making
the place seem strewn with giant
blossoms. They all went away at th*
same time, those In carriages calling
farewells to each other and to th* lit
tle processions departing: on fobt la
different directions to homes near by.
The sound of the voices and laughter
drew away, slowly died out altogether,
and the silence of the street was
strange and unfamiliar to Betty. Sh*
went to the hedge and watched th*
musicians, who were the last to go,
until they passed from sight: Httle
black toilsome figures, carrying gro
tesque black, boxes. While sh* could
still see them. It seemed to her that
her ball was not quite over, and sh«
wished to hold the least speck of It as
long as she could: but when they had
disappeared she faced the truth with
a deep sigh: the long, glorious night
¦was finished Indeed.
What she needed now was another
girl; the two would have gone t»
Betty's room and danced It all over
again until noon; but she had only her
father. She found him smoking a
Principe cigar upon the veranda, •»
she seated herself timidly, neverthe
less with a hopeful glance at him, on
the steps at his feet; and. as she did
so. he looked down upon her with
something more akin to geniality than
anything she had ever seen In his ey*
before. It was not geniality itself,
but might be third cousin to it In
deed, in his way, he was almost proud
of her,' though he had no wish to show
it. Since one was compelled to dis
play the fact that one possessed •>
grown daughter. It was well that ah*
be like this one.
They did not know each very well,
and she often doubted • that they
would ever become intimate. There
was no sense of companionship for
either in the other; she had been una
ble-to break through hla perfunctory,
almost formal, manner with her:
therefore, because he encouraged no
affection in her. she felt none, and
wondered why, since he xras her fath
er. She was more curious about him
than interested, and, though she did
not know it, she was prepared to
Judge him — should; occasion arise
precisely as she would judge any other
mere acquaintance. This morning.
for the first time, she was conscious
of a sense of warmth and gratitude
toward him; the elaborate fashion in
which he had introduced her to his
friends made it appear possible that
he liked her; for he had forgotten
nothing, and to remember everything;
in this case was to be lavish, which
has often the appearance of gener
osity.
And yet there had been a lack;
some small thing she had missed.
though she was not entirely sure that
she identified it: but the lack had not
been in her father or in anything b«
had done. Then, too, there was some
thing so unexpectedly human and
pleasant in his not going to bed at
once, but remaining to smoke on th«
veranda at this hour, that she gav*
him credit for a little of her own ex
citement, innocently fancying that he,
also, might feel the need of a com
panion with whom to talk over th*
brilliant passages of the night. And
a moment ensued when she debated
taking his hand. She was too soon
glad that her intuition forbade th*
demonstration.
"It was all so beautiful, papa," s&*
said, timidly. "I have no way to tell
you how I thank you." >>•
"You may do that," ha replied,
evenly, with no unkindness, with no
kindness. f either, in the level of his
tone, "by never dancing again mor*
than twice with one man in one even
ing."
"I th'nk I should much prefer not.
myself," she returned, lifting her head
to face him gravely. "I believe if X
cared to dance more than once with
one. I should like to dance all of them
with him."-- v " il'^S'.Z -V
Mr. Carewe frowned. "I tnJst that
you discovered none last night whom
you wished to honor with your entlr*
programme?"
"No," she laughed: "not last night."
Her father tossed away his cigar
abruptly. "Is it too much to hope,"
he' Inquired, "that when you discover
a. gentleman with whom you desire to
waltz all night, you will omit to men
tion the fact to him?"
-There was a brief flash of her ey*
as she recalled her impulse to take his
hand, but she immediately looked at
him with such comDlete seriousness
that he feared bis irony had been
thrown away.
"1*11 remember not to mention IV*
she answered." 'Tll v tell htm you told
me not to."
-?*!• think you may retire now," said
Mr." Carewe, sharply.
She rose from the steps, went to the
door, then turned at the, threshold.
"Were all your friends here, papa?"
"Do you think that every ninny who
gabbled in my house last night was
my friend?" he said, angrily. "There
was one friend of mine, Mrs. Tan
berry, who wasn't here, because she is
out of town; but I do not Imagine that
you are inquiring about women. Tea
mean;- Was every unmarried mala
idiot "who 'could afford a swallow
tailed coat and a* clean pair «f glovat
cavorting about the place? Yes, T"'— .
they were all here except two, and on*
of those is a fool, the other a knave."
"Can't I know the fool?" she asked,
eagerly.'
"I rejoice to find them so rare In
your experience!" he retorted. ¦' "This
one Is out of town, though I have so
doubt you will see him sufficiently
often when he returns. His name is
Crailey Gray, and he Is to marry Fan
chon Bareaud — If he remembers!"*
"And the knave?"
"Is one!" Carewe shut his teeth
with a venomous snap, and his whole
face reddened suddenly. 'Til men
tion thia fellow once — now," he said,
speaking each word with emphasis.
"His name is VanreveL You see that
gate; you see the line of r y property
there; the man himself, as well as
every other person in the town, . re
members well that the last time I
spoke to him.. it was to tell him that
If he ever set foot on ground of mine
I'd shoot him down, and he knows,
and they all know. I shall keep my
word ! Elsewhere, I told him that for
the | sake of public peace I should
ignore him. I do. You will see him
everywhere; but it will not be diffi
cult; no one will have the hardihood
one would lift his head high, enlfflng
the morning air and bending an earnest .
gaze not upon the dancers but upon the
florid east. .-_,-¦_
Over the unwearied plaint of French
horn, violin and bassoon rose a silvery
confusion of voices and laughter and ,
the sound of a hundred footfalls in uni
son, whilefrom the open .windows there
issued a Warm ' breath., heavily laden
with the smell of scented fans, of rich
fabrics, of dying roses, to mingle with
the spicy perfume of wild crab tree In
fullest blossom, which stood near
enough to peer Into the ballroom, and.
like a brocaded belle herself, challenge
the richest to show raiment a» fine, the
loveliest to look as fair and Joyful In
the dawn.
Believe me. If all thoee endearing ywing
charms,
Which I raze en «o fondly to-day,
W«re to fade by to-morrow and fleet from mr
anna.
Like fairy rlfU fadthr away^—
So ran the violins in ; waltx time, so
bassoon and horn to those dulcet meas
ures; and then, with one accord, a hun
dred vo-ices joined them in the old.
sweet melody: ;"Wi" : .
Thou wouldft *till be adored ai thli msmwl
thou art
proved worth the candle, and they were
leaning '. eff ectlvely against : . the -little
railing about the; musicians' platform
when "Mn: Carewe. entered th*~room
with his daughter on his arm. ; ' ' . •
".-She was in white, touched with count
less small lavender flowers: there 'were
rows 'and rows* of wonderful -Bilk 'and
laceV flounces on her skirt,' and her fan
hung from a" rope^of great pearls.- - Ah.
hideous, ;, blue, rough cloth of the con-
Vent, unforgotten, ;but laid aside .for
ever, what a chrysalis you were! .V;
; Tappingham twitched ; his compan
ion's , sleeve, but the , general was „ al
ready posing; and neither • heard - the
words * of presentation, 'because Miss
Bettey gave each of them a quick. look,
then smiled upon them as they bowed;"
the slayer* were prostrated before their
each divining his own diplomacy In hi*
fellow's eye, and each laboriously ex
plaining to th* -others his own , mistake
In regard to the designated upon
Mr." Carewe's cards of invitation. .This
email em barraasm ent, .however, did not
prevent 'General- Trumbleand young
Mr." Chenoweth^ from coming • to high
wordi' over- Miss Carewe's little, gilt
fin gree programme of dances.
>. It • may. f not -be -untimely, to remark,
also, of . these five redoubtable beaux,
that; during the evening, it occurred to
every, one of them to be glad that Cral
ley Gray was betrothed to Fanchon Ba
reaud,"Ja.rid ; 4hat he was down on the
Rouen River with a. canoe, a rod and a
tent... Nay, -without more words, tode
clare; the. truth j in regard to Cralley t
they felt greater security In his absence
from the field than in his betrothal. As
Mrf •Cbenbwetbv a youth as open as
out-of-doors, : both in. countenance and
mind, observed plaintively to Tapping
ham ' Marsh, in a corner, while they
watched. Miss Betty's lavender flowers
miraculously swirling thropgh a qua
drille:. "Crailey, .you know, well. Cral
¦ ley'Sibeenengaged before!" It was not
Mr.'. Chenoweth's habit: to disguise his
apprehensions, and Crailey Gray would
not fish ffor"!- bass: forever. . ,
i '. The \ same Chenoweth .was he. who,
maddened* by the general's triumphant
ly, familiar way of toying with Miss
Betty's fan between j two \ dances, at
tempted, to propose to her during the
sunrise waltz. Having sung "Oh, be
lieve me" in her ear as loudly as he
could, he expressed the wish-Mjuite as
loudly— "That this waltz might last for
always!" \ •£ '..._-
That was the seventh time it : had
.been said to Betty during the night,
and though Mr. Chenoweth's predeces
sors had : revealed their desires in a
guise lacking: this prodigious artless
ness, she already possessed no novel ac
quaintance with the exclamation. But
she made no comment: her partner's
style was riot a stimulant' to repartee.
"It would be . heaven." he amplified,
earnestly, "it would be heaven to dance
with you forever — on a desert isle where
the others couldn't come'." he finished
with sudden acerbity as his eye caught
the general's. , ,
He proceeded, and only the cessation
of the music aided Miss Carewe in stop
ping: the declaration before it- was al
together out; and at that point Frank's
own father came to her rescue, though
in a fashion little saving of her confu
sion. The elder Chenoweth was one of
the gallant and kindly Southern colony
that made it natural for Rc-uen always
to speak of Miss Carewe as Miss Betty.
He was a handsome old fellow, whose
hair, long mustache and Imperial were
as white as he was proud, of them, a
Virginian with the admirable - South
ern fearlessness pt being thought senti
mental. ":: Mounting a chair with com
plete, dignity, he lifted a glads of wine
high Wttie air. and, when all the other
glasses' had been filled. proposed the
health ,of f his young hostess. He made
a speech Jof some length, pronouncing
himself quite as hopelessly in love with
his qld: friend's daughter as ail could
•ee. his own son was; and wishing her
long life and prosperity, with many al
.luslon's - to .fragrant bowers and the
Muses. '.".' ' . "'I '.
, It made' Miss, Betty happy, but It was
rather trying, too. for she could only
stand with 'downcast eyes. before them
all. trembling a little, and receiving a
mixed Impression of Air. Chenoweth'j
THE SAN FRANCISCO , SUNDAY. CALI1
3THE, SAN/ FRANCISCO SUNDAY, CALL;
and thence up to Rouen on the packet;
Tennessee cotton, on Its way to Massa
chusetts and Rhode Island spindles. lay
there. beside huge mounds of raw wool
from Illinois, ready to be .fed to the
Rouen mill; dates and nuts from the
Caribbean Sea; lemons from groves of
the faraway tropics;- cigars from the
Antilles: tobacco from Virginia and
Kentucky; most precious of all. the
great granary of .the farmers' wheat
from the level fields at home; and all
the rich stores and the houses that held
them, as well as the wharves upon
which they had been landed, and the
steamers that brought them up the
Rouen River belonged to Robert Ca
rewe.
That it was 'her father's property
which was vimperiled attested to the
justification of Miss Betty in running
to a fire; and as she followed the crowd
into Main street, she felt a not un
pleasant proprietary jj Interest In the
spectacle^ Very opposite sensations
animated the breast of the man with
the trumpet, who was more acutely
conscious than any other that these
were Robert Carewe's possessions
which were burning so handsomely.
Nor was he the only one among the
firemen who ground his teeth over the
folly of the uniforms; for now they
could plainly see the ruin wrought, the
devastation threatened. The two up
per stories of the southernmost ware- .
house had swathed themselves In one
great flame; the building next on the
north, also of frame, was smoking
heavily; and there was a wind from
the southwest, which, continuing with
the fire unchecked, threatened the
town. itself. There was work for the
volunteer brigade that night.
"They came down Main street with a
rush, the Tgure of their chief swaying
over, them on his high perch, while
their shouting was drowned In the
louder roar of greeting from the crqwd.
into which they plunged as a diver Into
the water, swirls and eddies of peo
ple marking the wake. A moment later
a section of the roof of the burning
warehouse fell in, with a sonorous and
reverberating crash.
The engine company ran the force ' I
pump out to the end of one of the low
wharves; two lines of pipe were at
tached; two rows of men mounted the
planks for the pumpers, andr at the
word of command, began the up and
down of the hand machine with ad
mirable vim. Nothing happened: the
water did not come: something ap
peared to be wrong with the mechan
ism. As every one felt the crucial need
of haste, nothing could have been more
natural than that all the members of
the engine company should simultane
ously endeavor to repair the defect; $
therefore ensued upon the spot a spe
cies of riot "which put the engine out of
Its sphere of usefulness.
In the meantime fifty or sixty men
and boys~ who ran with the machine,
but who had no place in their, opera
tion, being the bucket brigade, had
formed a line and were throwing large
pails of water In the general direction
of the southernmost warehouse, which
It was now impossible , to save; while
the gentlemen of the hook and ladder
company, abandoning their wagons,
and armed with axes, heroically as
saulted the big door of the granary, the
second building, whence they were
driven by the exasperated chief, who
informed them that the only way to
save the wheat was to save the build
ing. Crailey Gray, one of the berated
axemen, remained by the shattered
door after the others had gone, and.
struck by a suden thought, set his hand
upon the iron latch and opened the door
by this simple process. It was not
locked. Crailey leaned against the
casement and laughed with his whole
soSl and body.
Meanwhile, .by dint of shouting In
men's ears when near them, through
the trumpet when distant, tearing axes
from their hands, Imperiously gesticu
lating to subordinate commanders, and
lingering In no one spot for more than a
second. Mr. Vanrevel reduced his forces
to a semblance of order In a remarka
bly short, time, the confu
sion Into which they had fallen.
• The space between the burning ware
house and that next it was not more
than fifty feet in width, but fifty feet
so hot no one took thought of entering ,
there; an "area as discomforting in ap
pearance as It was beautiful with the
thick rain of sparks and firebrands that
fell upon it. But the chief had decided
that this space must be occupied, and
more; must be held, since It was the
only point of defense for the second
warehouse. The roof of this building
would burn, which would mean the de
struction of the warehouse, unless It
could be mounted, because the streams
of water could. not play upon it from
the ground, nor, from the ladders, do
much more than t. -t the projecting .
eaves. Tt was a gable roof, the eaves
twenty' feet lower on the south side
than on the north, where the ladders
could not hope to reach them. Vanrevel
swung his line of bucketeers round to .
throw water, not upon the flames, but
upon the ladder men.
Miss Carewe stood in the crowd upon
the apposite side if the broad street.
Even there her cheeks* were uncom
fortably hot, and sometimes she had to
brush a spark from her shoulder,
though she was too much excited to
mind this. She was watching the beau
tiful fiery furnace between the north
wall of the burning warehouse and the
south wall of its neighbor, the fifty feet
brilliant and misty with vaporous rose
color, dotted with the myriad red stars,
her eyes shining with the reflection of
their fierce beauty. She saw how the
vapors moved there, like men walking
in- fire, and she was vaguely recalling
Shadrach. Meshach, and Abednego.
when, over the silhouetted heads of the
crowd before her. a long' black ladder
rose, wobbled, tilted crazily, then lame
ly advanced and ranged itself against
the south /wall of the second warehouse,
its top rung striking ten feet sho^t of
the eaves. •JShe hoped that no one had
any notion of mounting that ladder.
after the Carewe dance) Rouen beheld
the great warehouse fire.
. : t CHAPTER V.
NERO NOT THE LAST VIOLINIST
; OF HIS KIND. .. ;•¦";
, Miss Carewe was at her desk writ
ing to Sister Cecilia, whom she most
loved of all the world, when .the bells
startled her with their sudden clangor.
The quill dropped from her band; she
started to her feet, wide-eyed, not un
derstanding; while the whole town,
drowsing peacefully a moment ago,-re
sounded immediately with a loud con
fusion.'- She ran to the front door and
looked out, herjheart. beating wildly. "
/The western Sky was touched with a
soft rose color, which quickly became
a warm glow, fluctuated, and, in the in
stant, shot up like the coming of a full
Aurora. Then through the broken foli
age, of the tree tops could <be seen the
orange curls of flames, three quarters
of a mile away'though they were.
• People calling loudly that "it was Ca
rewe's warehouses," were running down
the street. From the stable, old Nel
son, on her father's best horse, came
galloping, and seeing the white figure
in the doorway, cried out in a quaver-'
Ing voice, without checking his steed:
"I goin' tell yo* pa, Miss Betty; he in
de kentry on Ian' bus'ness. Go back in
de, house. Missy!"
.The other servants, like ragged
sketches In the night, flitted by, with
excited ejaculations. , to Jpin the run
ners, and Miss Betty followed them
across the dew-strewn turf in her light
slippers, but at the gate she stopped,-
From up the street came the sound of
a bell , smaller thar? those of the
churches and court house, yet one that
outdid all others In the madness of Its
appeal to clear the way. It was borne
along, by what seemed, at first an in
definite black mass, but which — as the
Aurora grew keener, produced even
here a faint, yellow twilight— resolved
Itself into a mob of hoarsely shouting
men and boys, who were running and
tugging at ropes, which drew along
three extraordinary vehicles. They
came rapidly .down the street and
passed Miss Betty with a hubbub and
din beyond all understanding; one line
of men; most of them in red shirts and
oil-cloth helmets, at a dead run with
the 'hose cart; a second line with the
hand engine; the third dragging the
ladder wagon. One man was riding, a
tall, straight gentleman in evening
clothes, and without a hat, w"ho stood
precariously in the hose cart, calling In
an annoyed tone through a brazen trum
pet. Miss -Betty recognized him at
once; it was he who caught her kitten;
and she thought that if she had been
Fauchon Bareaud she must have
screamed a warning, for his balance
appeared a thing of mere luck, and, if
he fell, he would be trampled under
foot and probably run over by the en
gine. But,' happily • (she remembered)
she was not Fanchon Bareaud!
behind,, and beside the de
partment, raced a throng of boys, wild
with the Joy experienced by their spe
cies when property Is being handsomely
destroyed; after them came panting
women, holding their; sides and gasping
with the. effort to keep up .with the fly-
Ing- procession.
I Miss Betty trembled, for she had
never seen the like in her life; she stood
close, to the hedge and let them go by;
then she turned in after them and ran
like a fleet young deer. She was going
to the fire.
. Over all the uproar could be heard
the angry' voice through the trumpet,
calling -the turns of the streets to the
men in the van, upbraiding them and
those of the other two companies Im
partially; and few of his hearers de
nied th* 1 ! chief his rleht to express
some chagrin; since the. department,
(organized a half year, hard drilled,
and this its first fire worth the name)
was late on account, of the refusal of
the members to move until they had
donned their new uniforms; for the
uniforms had arrived from Philadel
phia two months ago, and to-night of
fered the first opportunity to display
them # in public. ., '
"Hail ' Vanrevel!" panted Tapping
ham Marsh to Eugene Madrillon. as the
two, running in the van of the hose
company, splattered through a mud
puddle., "You'd think he was Carewe's
only son and heir- Instead of his worst
enemy. Hark to the man!"
: "I.'d:let it burn, if I were he," re
turned the other.
- "It was all Cralley's fault," said Tap
pingham. swinging an arm free to wipe
the Bpattered mud from his face. "He
swore he wouldn't budge, without his
uniform, and the rest only, backed him
up; that was all. , Crailey and Carewe
could better afford to lose his shanties
than the overworked department its
first chance to look beautiful and earn
est Tom asked him why he didn't
send for a fiddle," Marsh finished with
a chuckle.
"Carewe might afford to lose a little,
even a warehouse or two, If only out of
what he's 'taken from Crailey and the
rest! of us, these three years!" \
/".Taken from Vanrevel, you mean.
Who doesn't know where Crailey's —
Here's Main street: look out for the
turn!"
. They swung out of the thick shadows
of Carewe "street Into full view of the
fire/and the:* faces were illuminated as
by sunrise.
¦ The warehouses stood on jthe river
bank, at the foot of the street, just
south of the new covered bridge. , There
were four • of, them, huge, bare;-sided
- buildings; the two nearer the bridge of
.brick.' the" others of wood, and all of
them rich with stores of every kind of
river merchandise and costly freight;
furniture that had voyaged from New
England down thelong coast, across
the Mexican eulf^ through the flat Delta
and had made 'the winding Journey up
the great river a thousand miles, and
almost a thousand more, following the
greater and lesser tributaries; cloth
from Connecticut that had been sold In
Philadelphia, then carried ever moun
tains and through forests, by steam,
by, canal, by stage, and six-mule freight
wagons, to Pittsburg, . down the Ohio.
she .was Astonished (and she; was
mightily astonished) to find her* be
trothed ; developing a.', taste for her 'so
ciety alone.;- Formerly, she had counted
upon the gayeties of her home to keep
Crailey near her; now, however,~he told
her tenderly he wished to have her all
to himself. This was not like him, but
Fanch,on did not, question; and it was
very sweet \ to her that- he began to
makcl't. bis-custom to «ome in by a
side gate and meet: her. under an apple
tree in the dusk, / where they would sjt
quietly through tho evening,'
listening to the noise and laughter from>
the:lighted;house. - '¦/•': '
That house was the most hospitable
in Rouen. Always cheerfully "full of
company," as they said, it was the sort
of house where a carpet dance could be
arranged in half an hour; a house with"
a sideboard like the widow's cruse; the,
young men always found /more. Mrs. =
Bareaud, a Southerner, loving to per
suade the visitor that h:r home was his,
not herB, lived only for her art,. which
was that of the table. Evil cooks, tak
ing service,wlth her, became virtuous.'
dealt with nectar and ambrosia, and
grew fit to pander to Olympus, learn
ing of their mistress secrets to make
the ill-disposed as genial gods ere they
departed. Mr. Bareaud at fifty had
lived so well that he gave up walking,
which did not troublehim; but at sixty
he gave up '. dancing, which /did jj trouble
him. : His only, hdpe, he declared, was
in Crailey Gray's promise to invent for
him a concave partner. ..
¦ There was a thin, quizzing shank of a
son. Jefferson, who lived upon quinine,
ague and deviltry; , and' there were "the
two daughters, j Fanchon. and Virginia.
The latter was -three years older than
Fanchon, as. dark as Farichon was fair,
though not nearly so pr-tty; a small,
good-natured, romping sprite of a girl,
who had handed down the heart and;
hand of .Crailey Gray to her sister with
the b st rrace iri; 'the -world. For she
had been the heroine of one of Mr.
Gray's, half dozen or so most serious
affairs, and, after a furious rivalry with
Me.- Carewe, the victory was generally
conceded to- Crailey.. His triumph had
been about a fortnight's duration when
Fanchon returned from St. Mary's: ,
and, with the' advent of the youngeV
sister.'th/e " ' - who had decided that
Crailey was the incomparable she had
dreamed, of since Infancy, was gener
ously, alowed to discover that he was
not that vision— that she. had fallen In
love with her own Idea of him; whereas
Fanchon cared only that he be Crailey
Gray, whatever kind of vision that was.
And Fanchon discovered that it was a
great many kinds. V -•
• The ; transfer was made comfortably
with inlce judgment of a respectable
interregnum, and to the greater happi
ness of each of the three young people;
no objection, .lsuing from the easy
going parents, who were devotedly fond
of Crailey," while the town laughed and
said jrt~ was only that absurd Crailey
Gray./again. He and Virginia were the
best .of friends, and accepted their new
relation 'with a . preposterous lack o'f
embarrassment. > p
To be*, in love with Crailey became
Fanchon's vocation; ' she /spent all her
time at' It, and produced a blurred ef
fect upon . Btrangers. The > only man
with, whom she seemed; quite alive was
Vanrevel; a- ; little T because Tom
talked of Crailey: and a great deal
because she could talk of Crailey
to Torn: could tell him freely,
as* she '. could tell no '.one elseX how
wonderful. Crailey was. and explain to
him her lover's vagaries on the ground
that It was a necessity of geniuses to
be unlike the less gifted!' Nor was she
alone in suspecting' Mr. Gray of genius;
in the first place, he was so odd; in the
second, his poems were "already at
tracting more than. local attention," as
the Journal remarked," generously, for
Crailey had ceased, to present his
rhymes to that valuable paper. Ay!
Boston, no less, was his mart.
He was, rather -radical In his literary
preferences, and hurt the elder Cheno
weth's feelings by laughing, heartily at
some T-oems of .the $ late Lord Byron ;
offended many people by disliking the
style of Sir Edward Bulwer, and even
refused to admit that James. Fenimore
Cooper was the greatest : novelist that
ever lived. | But these things were as
nothing compared with his unpatriotic
defense of Charles Dickens. Many
Americans had fallen into a great rage
over the. vivacious assault upon . the
United States V In Martin Chuzzlewlt;
nevertheless, Crailey still boldly hailed
h.m. (as every/ one had * heretofore
asreed) the most dexterous .writer of
his 'C*y and the most notable humorist
of any/day..: Of course the Englishman
had not visited and thoroughly studied
such a city as Rouen, Crailey confessed,
twinkllngly; but, 5 * after all, wasn't there
some truth in Martin Chuzzlewlt?. Mr.
Dickens might have, been far from a
clear understanding of our people; but
didn't It argue a pretty ticklish vanity
In ourselves that we were so fiercely
resentfur of satire: and was not this
very heat over Martin Chuzzlewlt a
t '*» .flrmation of one of the, points the
book had presented against us? Gen
eral Trumble replied to this suggestion
with a personal. one' to /the effect that a
man capable of saying a good word for
so , ; monstrous a slander, ' that a man,
sir. capable of declaring, his. native
. country to be vain or sensitive ojught
to be horsewhipped, and at this Crailey
laughed consumedly.
; Trumble retorted with the names of
Benedict Arnold and Aaron Burr. "And
If, if comes' to a war with these Greas
ers,*' he spluttered apoplectically, "and
it is coming, mighty, soon.* we'll find Mr/
Gray down^in" Mexico, -throwing mud
on the Stars. and Stripes and cheering
for. ' hat one-legged : ho. J % thief ; Santa
Anna! Anything to seek out something
foolish among your own people!" r .
.'-'Don't have to seek far, sometimes,
general," murmured j Crailey. from the
depths ; of the best chair/ in; the >club,
.whereupon Trumble; not trusting him
self, to answer, went out to the street.
And yet, before that" same^evening
was ; 'over, the general i had . shed honest'
tears of admiration and pity "for Crailey
Gray; and" Miss Betty saw heriIncroy
able again, 'for that night (thy second
chords on summer evenings, together,
_as ' young men will. Will Cummings,
editor of the Rouen Journal, was one
of these; a tall, sallow man, very thin,"
very awkward and .very gentle. ' Mr.
Cummings proved himself always
ready with a loud and fri«ndly r laugh
for the poorest joke in the. world, his
countenance shining with such kind
ness that no one ever had the heart to
reproach him. with /the evils of his
journalistic performances, or for ]¦ the
things he broke when- he, danced. An
other was Tappingham. Marsh, an ex
ceedingly , handsome , person, 'some
what languld^in appearance, [dainty, in
manner', with f ..women,', offhand with
men; almost as reckless as Crailey,
and often the '; latter'acompanion and
assistant -in dissipation.;. 1 .Young Fran
cis Chenoweth never: failed to follow
both into whatever/ they j planned; he
was short and pln^k;, and the uptilt = qf
his nose was : cohexent^with ; the ap
pealing earnestness which was habit
ual with him. c Eugene Madrillon was
the sixth of these Intimates; -a dark
man. whose j Latin ' eyes : and color, ad
vertised . his French ancestry as plain
ly as his emotionless mouth and lack
of gesture betrayed the ¦ mingling* of
another strain. *¦
All these, and others of the town,
¦were wont to "talk politics" a. "great
• deal at the little club on Main street,
and all. were -apt tp fall foulTof Tom
Vanrevel; or Crailey Gray before the
end of any discussion. For those were
the days when they twisted -the lion's
tall In vehement and bitter earnest;
when the eagle screamed In mixed
figures; when few men knew how to'
talk, and many orated; when party
strife was savagely personal; when in
tolerance was called the "pure fire of
patriotism"; v -when criticism ', of the
existing order of things surely in
curred j fiery anathema j and black In
vective; and brave was -he,' indeed,
wh/> dared to h'nt that his country,
as a whole and politically, did lack
some fwo or three 'particular virtues,
and that the first step toward obtain
ing them would b^ to help it to, real
ize their absence. '•
S This latter point of view was, that
of the firm of Gray & Vanrevel, which
was a unit in such matters. Crailey
did most of the talking — quite beauti
fully, too— -and both had to stand
against odds in \mariy a sour argu
ment, fcr they were not only aboli
tionists/but opposed the attitude of
their country "in Its difficulty with
Mexico, and; . In* common with other
men of the time who took .their stand,
• they had to grow accustomed to being
called disloyal traitors, foreign
toadies, malignants and traducers of
the flag. >Tom had ¦ long been used to
epithets of this sort,", suffering their
v stlng in quiet, and was glad when he
could keep . Crailey out of worse em
ployment than standing firm . for an
unpopular belief. ;p
There was one place to which Van-,
revel, seeking his friend and partner,
when the latter did not' come home at
night, could not -go; this was the
tower chamber, and it was in that
mysterious apartment of the Carewe
cupola .that Crailey was apt to be
deeply occupied when he remained
away, until daylight. Strange as it ap
pears,; Mr. Gray 'maintained peculiar
relations of intimacy with" Robert
- Carewe, in spite of the feud between
Carewe and h's own best friend. * This
intimacy, ¦• which did not necessarily
Imply any mutual fondness (though
Crailey seemed to dislike nobody), was
betokened by a furtive understanding,
of a sort, between them. They held
brief, earnest conversations on /the
street, or in corners, when they met at
other people's houses, always speak
. ing in voices too low to be ove|heard;
and , they exercised a mysterious^ sym
bolism, somewhat in the manper of
fellow-members of a secret" jrociety;
they had been observed to communi
cate across crowded rooms, by lifted
eyebrow, nod of head, or a surrepti
tious turn of the wrist; so that those
who observed them knew that a ques
tion had been asked and answered.
It was noticed, also, that there were
five, other intimates to this masonry-
Eugene' Madrillon,.. the elder Cheno
weth, General Trumble, Tappingham
Marsh and Jefferson Bareaud. Thus,
on the afternoon following Miss
Betty's introduction. to Rouen's favo
rite sons and | daughters, Mr. Carewe,
driving down Main street, held up one
forefinger to Madrillon as he saw the
young man turning in' at the club.
Eugene . nodded' gravely, and, as he
went in. discovering Marsh, the gener
al, and others, j listening to Mr. Gray's
explanation of his return from the
river; with no fish, stealthil:- held up
one finger in h's turn; Trumble re
plied / with . a wink, Tappingham
nodded, but Crailey slightly shook his
headj Marsh and the general started
with surprise, and stared incredulous
ly. That Crailey should shake his
head! If the signal had been 4 for a
church meeting they might" have un
derstood. ' ... •
Mr. Gray's induct was surprising
two other people at about the same
tlme^-Tom "Vanrevel and Fanchon
Bareaud; the' former j by his sudden
devotion to ; the law ; the latter by his
sudden to herself. ¦¦Iii a
breath, he became almost 'a domestic.
characte>. No more did he spend his
-afternoons; between the club) and the
•Roueri /House /.bar, nor was his bay
mareso often s-en stamping down the
ground about Mrs. McDougal's hitching
• post while McDougal was out on the
prairie with his engineering squad.
The ? Idle apprentice was at his desk/
and in the daytime he displayed an
; aversion for ; the streets, '.which was
more than his partner did.'for the ln
" dustrious Tom, undergoing quite as re
markable an alteration ]of: habit,' be
came^ all at once," little better 'than a
corner - loafer.;-, His •favorite ' lounging
' place was a small! drug store where
Carewe street debouched upon Main;
1 nevertheless/: so adhesive Is ' a reputa
tion once fastened, ; s his air of being
there upon business deceived every one
except Mr/ Gray. . a . / :,• . . " * ¦
Miss Bareaud was even" happier than
the vision of the lookers-on in Rouen,
quiet . souls who hovered along ; the
walls at merry-makings and cheer
fully counted themselves spectators at
the play, Crailey Gray held the center
of the stage and was the chief come
dian of the place. Wit, poet and
scapegrace, the small society 'some
times seemed • the mere background
set for his performances, spectacles
which he, also, enjoyed, and from the
be«t seat in the house; for he -was not
content as the actor, but must be the
Prince *n the box as well.
His friendship for Tom Vanrevel
was, in a measure, that of the vine for
the oak. He was full of levities at
Tom's expense, which th« other bore
with a grin of sympathetic compre
hension, ' or, at long intervals, re-:
turned upon Crailey with devastating
effect. -Vanrevel was the one steady-;
ing thing In his life, and, at the same
time, the only one of. the young men
upon whom he did not have an almost
mesmeric ""influence. In good truth,
Crailey was the ringleader in all the
devilries of the town. Many a youth
swore to avoid the roisterer's com
pany for all time, and, within two
hours of the vow, found himself, flag
on in hand, engaged in a bout that
would last the night, with Mr. Gray
out-bumpering the hardiest, at the
head of the table. And, the next
morning, the fevered, scarlet-eyed
perjurer might creep shaking to v hi8
wretched tasks, only to behold the
cause of his folly and headache trip
ping merrily along the street, smiling,
clean shaven, and fresh as a dew-born
primrose, with, perchance, two or
three of the prettiest girls in town at
his elbow to greet his sallies with ap
proving laughter.
Crailey haJ been so long in the
habit of following every impulse, no
matter how mad, that he enjoyed an
almost perfect immunity from con
demnation, and, whatever his deeds,
Rouen had learned to say, with a
chuckle, that it was "only Crailey
Gray again." But his followers were
not so privileged. Thus, .when • Mr.
Gray, who in his libations sometimes
developed the humor of an urchin,
went to the Pound at three in 'the
morning of New Year's day, hung
sleigh bells about the necks of the
cattle and drove them up and down
the streets, himself hideously blowing
a brass horn from the back of a big
brown steer, those roused from slum
ber ceased to rage, and accepted the
exploit as a rare joke, on learning
that it was "only Crailey Gray|'; but
the unfortunata young Chenoweth
was heavily frowned upon and prop
erly upbraided because he had fol
lowed in the wake of the bovine pro
cession, mildly attempting to play up
on a flage:let.
Crailey never denied a folly nor de
fended an escapade. The latter was
always done for him, because he
talked of his "graceless misdoings"
(so he was wont, smilingly, to call
them) over ups of tea in the after
noons with old ladfes, lamenting, in
his musical voice, the lack of female
relatives to guide him. He >was
charmingly attentive to the elderly wo
men, not from policy, but because his
manner was uncontrollably chival
rous; and, ever a gallant, listener,
were the speaker young, old, great or
humble, he never forgot to catch the
last words of a sentence^ and seldom
suffered for a reply, even when he
had drowsed through a question.
Moreover, no one ever heard him
speak a sullen word, nor saw him
wear a brow of depression. The sin
gle creed to which he was constant
was that of good, cheer; he was the
very apostle of gayety, preaching it In
parlor and bar; and made merry
friends with battered tramps and
homeless dogs In the streets at night.
Now and then he would spend sev
eral days in the offices of Gray & Van
revel, attorneys and counselors-at
law, wearing an air of unassailable
virtue; though he did not far/ over
state the case when he said,"Tom does
all the work and gives me all Ahe
money not to bother him when he's
getting up' a case."
The working member of the" firm
got up cases to notable effect, and few
lawyers, in .the State enjoyed having
Tom Vanrevel on the other side. There
was nothing about him of the floridity
prevalent at that time; he withered
"oratory" before the court: he was
the fpe of jury pathos; and, despising
noise and the habitual voice dip at
. the end of a sentence, was, neverthe
less, at times an almost 'fearfully ef
fective orator. So by degrees the
firm of Gray & Vanrevel, young as it
was, and in spite of the idle appren
tice, had grown to be the most pros
perous in the district. For this emi
nence Crailey was never accused of
assuming the credit Nor did he ever
miss an opportunity of making known
how much he owed to his partner.
What he. owed, in brief,' was every
thing. How well Vanrevel worked
was demonstrated every day, but how
hard he worked, only Crailey knew.
The latter had grown to depend upon
him for even his political beliefs, and
lightly followed his partner into aboli
tionism; though that was 'to rsk un
popularity, bitter" hatred, and worse^
Fortunately, on certain occasions,
Vanrevel had made himself (if hot his
creed) respected, at least so far that
there was no longer danger of mob
violence for an Abolitionist in Rouen.'
He was a cool-headed young man;or
dinarily, ', and possessed of an elusive
forcefulness not to be trifled with,
though he was a quiet man, and had
what they called . a "fine manner."
And, not in the latter, but In his dress,
there , was an eclio of the beau, r wtiich
afforded Mr. Gray a point ¦ of attack
for sallies of wit; there was a touch of
the dandy about Vanrevel; he had a
large and versatile* wardrobe, and, his
clothes always fit him not only in line
but in color; ; even women saw how
nobly they were fashioned.
These two _ young men were "mem
bers of a cheerful band, who feasted,
laughed, wrangled over . politics,
danced, made love, and sang terrible
to present him to my daughter. The
quarrel between us — " Mr.' Caxewe
broke off for a moment, his hands
clinching the arms of his chair, while
he swallowed with difficulty, as though
he choked upon some acrid bolus, and
he was 80 strongly agitated by his own
mention of his enemy that he con
trolled himself by a painful effort of
his wllL "The Quarrel between us is
political — and personal. You will re
member."
"I shall remember," she answered
In a rather frightened voice.
• • • It was long before • she fell
asleep. "I alone must hover
about the rates or steal Into
your garden like a thief," the
Incroyable had said. "The last
time I spoke to him it was to tell him
that If he ever set foot on ground of
mine, I'd shoot him down!" had been
her father's declaration. And Mr.
Carewe had spoken with the most un
deniable air of meaning what he said.
Vet she knew that the Incroyable
would come again.
Also, with hot cheeks pressed Into
her pillow. Miss Betty had identified
the young man in the white hat, that
dark person whose hand she had far
too impetuously seized in both of hers.
Aha! It was this gentleman who
looked Into people's eyes and stam
mered so sincerely over a pretty
speech that you almost believed him;
it was he who was to marry Fanchon
Bareaud — "if he remembers!" No
wonder Fanchon had been In such a
hurry to get him, away. "If he re
members!" Such was that young
man's character, was it? Miss Carewe
laughed aloud to her pillow; for was
one to guess the reason, also, of his
not having come to her ball? Had the
poor man been commanded to be "out
of town?"
Then remembering the piquant and
generous face of Fanchon, Betty
clinched her fingers tightly and
crushed the imp who had suggested
the unworthy thought, crushed him
to a wretched pulp and threw
him out of the open window. He im
mediately sneaked in by the back way,
for. In spite of her victory, she still
felt a little sorry for poor Fanchon.
CHAPTER IV.
"BUT SPARE YOUR COUNTRY'S
FLAG."
If It be true that love Is the great
Incentive to the useless arts, the num
ber of gentlemen who became poets
for the sake of Miss Betty Carewe
need not be considered extraordinary.
Of all that was written of her danc
ing, Tom Vanrevel's lines, "I Danced
with Her Beneath the Lights" (which
he certainly had not done when he
wrote them) were, perhaps, next to
Crailey Gray's in merit, though Tom
burned his rhymes after reading them
to Crailey. Other troubadours were
not so modest, and the Rouen Journal
found no lack of tuneful offering, that
spring, generously printing all of it,
even at the period when it became ep
idemic. The public had little difficul
ty in recognizing the' work of Mr.
Francis Chenoweth in an anonymous
"Sonnet" (of twenty - three lines)
which appeared in the issue fol
lowing Miss Carewe's debut. Mr.
Chenoweth wrote that while
•lancing the mazourka with a
lovely being, the sweetest feelings of
his soul, in a celestial stream, bore
him away beyond control, in a ser
aphic dream; and he untruthfully
stated that at the same time he saw
her wipe the silent tear, omitting,
however, to venture any explanation
of the cause of her emotion. Old
General Trumble boldly signed his
poem in fulL It was called "An Ode
Upon Miss C — 's Waltzing," and it
began:
When Bfttira found fair Rouen' ¦ ihore,
And her aced father to us bore
Her from the cloister neat.
She waltzed upon the ballroom floor.
And lightly twirled upon her feet.
Mr. Carewe was rightfully Indig
nant, and refused to acknowledge the
general's salutation at . their next
meeting; Trumble was fifteen years
older than he.
As Crailey Gray never danced with
Miss Carewe, it Is somewhat singular
that she should have been, the
inspiration of his swinging verses
in waltz measure, "Heart Strings
on a Violin,"** the sense of
which was that when a violin
had played for her dancing, the in
strument should be shattered as wine
glasses are after a great toast. How
ever, no one, except the author him
self, knew that Betty was the subject;
for Crailey centainly did not mention
it to Miss Bareaud, nor to his best
friend, VanreveL
It was to some degree a strange com
radeship between these two young
men; their tastes led them so often in
opposite directions. They had rooms
together over their offices in the Ma
drlllon block, on Main street, and the
lights ehone late from their windows
every night in the year. Sometimes
that would mean only that the • two
friends were talking, for they never
reached a silent intimacy, but, even
after several years of companionship,
were rarely seen together when not In
interested, iften eager, conversation,
so that people wondered what In the
world they, still found to say to each
other. But many a night the late
shining lamp meant that Tom sat
alone, with a brief or a book, or
wooed the lorn hours with his magical
Rultar. For he never went to bed un
til the other came home. And if day
light came without Crailey, Vanrevel
would go out, yawning mightily, to
look for him; and when there was no
finding him, Tom would come back,
sleepless, to the day's work.
Crailey was called "peculiar." and
he explained, with a kind of jovial
helplessness, that he was always pre
pared for the unexpected in himself,
nor did such a view detract from his
picturesqueness to his own perusal of
himself; though it was not only to
himself that he was Interesting. .To
(Continued Next Sunday.)
4was going down the drive with great
strides, and so intent on his own
thoughts that he did not hear Charles
Augustus call to him. It took him a
long time to catch up with the man.
Indeed, it did not happen until the lat
ter had turned off Into the woods, and
Charles Augustus' hat had been lost
on the road, and his legs much
scratched, with briers. ' Then Charles
Augustus told his story; about the let
ter, and how 'she had kissed it and yet
cried, and was going away.
"And she said, 'I can't! I can't!' like
that," ended Charles Augustus. " 'He
mustn't never know,' she said, and 'he
mustn't never come here.' "
What wasn't he to know? and who
was he?— and did Mr. Hough ton
think it was a giant that was coming
to carry Miss Purvis off? Then
Charles Augustus took the letter from
his'blouse — and then the man knew.
"I'm afraid it is a giant" said Mr.
Houghton gravely, "and it's lucky I
heard of It in time, because I was go
ing away to-morrow. But now "
"But now?" said Charles Augustus
anxiously.
"Now I think I'll go right back to
the house with you."
"And you won't let her be tooken —
By Nellie Cravey Gillmore
EN ROUTE
"But I trust you will find novelty and
pleasure." • . '
Mies Bessie looked . straight ahead
and shut her teeth bard. What was it
to one;of Colonel Long's hired men
whether she enjoyed the ; West "or not ?
The man' was presumptuous.' and she
meant her silence to be" another, snub.
Whether it was so taken or not,^ it was
not- more than J five : minutes . before a
voice which had a touch of the. paternal
in it remarked:
"You don't look overly Well,' and 'a
couple of months of this l bracine ; at-
What right had he. to presume? By
what right did he smile a welcome and
seem ready to shake hands? The girl
looked coldly. at him and slightly nod
ded her head, and that was snub num
ber one. The young man ..took lt so, but
though he colored up he did not lose his
smile. , ;
"You will give m»your checks, please,
and I will put your, trunks aboard and
we will be off." V ; ¦.. . •
There was a touch of authority in his
tones that nettled the girl, and she
turned away and delivered up -the
checks with her own: hand. She ; would
also have loaded the trunks on the .ve
hicle if she had been strong enough.
Snub number two had followed fast on
the heels of snub number one. '
"We have fifteen miles to I drive and
the road is rather. rough," observed the
young man as they got seated.
No reply. Snub number three.
"I take it that you have never visited
this "section before?" was remarked
after the silence had lasted for a mile.
rp^fcz— — -*£- "3 HERB was but one
•^~a§^5\*]j passenger to alight
i Wi i*L\v^lr ¦ at Snow Hlll> on the
'•*\>Vw 1/^**1 Southern Pacific rall
f^lir^n road, and that was
[Urv^WhTiy^-n Miss Bessie Vaughn
j 1 r)iffi^yCjJj of Chicago. Her
schoojmate, Nettle
Long, whose father owned and man
aged the big Long ranch and who- was
now living with him out in the wilds,
had written that a person would -meet
Bessie at Snow Hill with a buckboard
arid bring her safely, to the ranch. The
"person" proved to be a, young man* of
25 years, dressed as a cowboy, but hav
ing rather a distinguished . look about
him. While he~ was hastening along the
platform, and yet thirty feet away, the
girl acknowledged to herself that his
features were good and ; that his ¦ face
showed character and ambition. Per
haps it was for these reasons that while
he was covering the other thirty feet
Miss Bessie suddenly decided that he
ought to be snubbed.
"This is Miss # Vaughn, of Chicago, I
presume?" he said, as he lifted his hat
and smiled a welcome.
(Copyright. 1904, by C. B. Lewis.)
mosphere will do you a world of good."
VSlr, are you a practicing physician?"
asked Miss Bessie, as she tarned to
look the young man square in the eyes.
* "Well, no," he slowly replied.
That was what the boys would have
called a settler, and it hung the young
man up for the next ten minutes.
When he spoke again,. however, lt was
as if nothing had happened.
"It was on that hill over there," he
quietly said, as he pointed with ' his
whip "that four of our men were sur
rounded by .fifty Indian warriors' two
years ago." - ' " •, .
Miss Bessie, deliberately turned to
look in the opposite direction, and^he
felt that he was smiling as he contln
"One of the boys* was killed, but they
killed- twelve Indians and held their
ground all day."
What was It to her whether one or
the whole four cowboys were killed?
Indeed, she found herself almost wish
ing that all had beep .wiped out. She
hadn't the slightest interest In the af
fair—not that day.
"And over there in that valley /.Is
where a drove of steers ran'over and
trampled the life out of two of our men
last. spring. We. didn't even find their
boots." '¦".¦•"•• J •¦ '„ '¦'A.-.*; -.-'*' "•"¦'¦' \''~-
Miss Bessie looked straight ahead
and made no reply. • y\
"And you wouldn't believe, would you,
that this insignificant creek we are
crossing was a mile wide and ten feet
deep last May? " We lost a thousand
head of stock in that flood."
Still no reply. It was snub after snub,
and she /meant totire him out This
time the silence lasted for fifteen min
utes, and she it was who broke it at
last The horses had shied at a coyote
dodging for cover, and started "away on
a tearing gallop. The young man kept
them on. the trail." but made not~the
slightest effort to check. the pace. On
the contrary, he hummed a popular air
an theyi laid down to their woyk. <The
visitor stood it as long as she could/
and then' turned and exclaimed: v ;
"Can't you see that the horses are
running away?" . V..
"I ; have ; seen ". it for some time past,"
he quietly : replied. ,; ?*\yi :
"¦ VThen why don't you atop them?" :
'/,"I«wIll.If you so wish, but a run of a
few ¦ miles '. won't ' hurt them any.'' - c
-'She 'did wish it from the bottom of
her heart. , for ' the vehicle ' was Jumping
like': a ¦ goat j and It took . both 'hands - to,
hold her hat on' her head, but she.grit
ted her teeth and decided to be smashed
into : Jam .-. before ; she .would prefer j the
reauest';. The j horses tran . for three or
four miles^and^then sobered down,' and
the: girl :feltUhaf she had snubbed the
younginian: again by: not being afraid:.
"Who ,' Is : that : man -, you / sent ¦ ,to the
depot* after^rhe?" ; she ; asked \ of - her,
schoolmate,/ 1 almost before she had
taken r off her hat. . _ -. - ¦
. •JLWho?cWhy. that's Tom. I'll formal
ly . Introduce you some " day." -
.,':'#v- •¦' " ¦'¦ ,' '"' \ -'•,¦'¦¦ ' ¦
"You needn't mind. I found him
rather presumptuous and had to snub
him." -7 - , ..
"Tom presumptuous? Why, he s the
nicest "
And then she suddenly skipped to
some other subject, and Tom was for
gotten till next- day, when he was "bold
enough to approach Miss Bessie as she
was alone for a moment and ask:
"What sort of a gait do you prefer
in a horse — a trot' or- a lope?, I am to
select one for you to-day."
"Thank you, but you needn't go to
any trouble on my account," was the
reply, and Tom ought to have felt duly
crushed as he, walked away. ,
¦ : :u He was not seen i-galn for four days,
duty. having called him away. The two
girls rode out every day on ponies se
lected for them, and on the fourth oc
casion something happened. 'The pony
ridden/by Miss Bessie suddenly bolted,
and when she found him beyond con
trol she could only cling to the saddle
and hope he would tire himself out
after running a couple of miles. But
he > didn't. * He kept a straight conrse
and a , headlong , gallop ; for mile • after
mile, ' and y the girl was thinking of
throwing "herself .from 4 the saddle
when a cow pony ranged up beside
her, -a, -hand • grasped her ' loose rein,
and a' voice said in her ear:
VKeep : your, head,' Miss Vaughn. -I
could pull -him down and, end his run
here, but there is need of even more
speed." / . \:'.;t
"W- what is.it?" she asked as she
turned -her head and saw Tom beside
her. Mi ¦ '¦ '¦¦::¦'¦ - ¦ '¦'.
"Indians. There are five or six in
chase of us, and I • am - racing for . that
hill with; the rocks on it. Cling tight
ly and do*h't be afraid." , : . , ' . A
/After a terrific ': pace for another,
niile both animals .were suddenly pull
ed up, and dismounting and lifting .the
girl from the saddle, Tom half pulled
her .up the >steep v slde of the hill to
the shelter.of the rocks.
"We are all right now," he cheer
fully 'said; "but . you ' keep crouched
down till I have a little talk with these
noble red men."'. ;, *•- -
¦.¦i. The Vtalk". .vai his Winchester, and
before it was over he had -killed one
and wounded another. Their loss, . to
gether' with the alarm of the firing,
sent the remaining Indians scurrying
away. - : -. '¦:.: ¦•¦'; •/•/ ¦ '
'."At" the ranchhouse, after the story
had been • told," Miss Bessie asked for
the second "time:: ,
\ "Who is this man .Tom ?"'
'Why,' he's an old Yale man and be?
longs tp one ' of i the best : families in
the East' ¦; He Icanie out'here. for his
health, you* see.' .; Did you have to snub
him again to-day?" . •
v ;,vi— I don't Jhink so.'.' -.
"But'~re:you going to some other
day?" - i ',•¦'¦¦¦'' ¦> *,?;.- : 4; rV ¦'- Y- .'
vt\"No,inever again. I'm) so sorry and
ashamed—and I, think— think-^—^ ;
V Well, there's a rumor afloat, and } lt
ma >V be true.'; r
HER LESSON
By H. B. Lewis
The girl gave an unconcerned shrug
'to hide the suffocating beating of her
beirt in her throat It was terrible to
her, the suggestion of domesticity in
her attitude, and to think it meant
nothing to him beyond the fact that in
the cozy setting of the "den" she made
an artistic picture.
(Copyright. 190*. by T. C. McClurt.)
pry r^za UCY GRIERSON
J j knocked at the door
fi Y» J# of ner ousm Royce's
y*fi S*^LV/ "den," holding a
' 'ifr! ~5f%\ bun(il e o f letters and
f^J^H t^JL^/yl I papers which she had
j>gg~g-_LJJtfe j just taken from the
In answer to a deep-toned, muffled
"Come in" she entered the snug bache
lor room, with its rows of bookshelves,
and stood for a moment contemplating
the sleek, dark head and square should
ers bending over the desk.
He threw an" Impatient glance over
one shoulder at the interruption, but
swung around with clearing face when
he say who it was.
"Bay, Luce," he said eagerly, "how's
, this for an idea? The hero is desperate
ly In love with the heroine, who cares
nothing for him. In his despair he re
members the old college professor who
. always helped him out of his dilemmas,
and forthwith gees to him for advice.
The professor, who Is an indefatigable
microbe mnter. and has been for years
trying to discover the germ of love,
thinV* with glee that in this unusually
bad case is his chance. After much re
search he finds the love germ, and car
ries lt carefully to his laboratory. But
a sportive soph lets it look among the
'ro-ed>.* with the disastrous result
that every one begins promiscuously to
fall In love with every one else. Of
cdurse the heroine gets inoculated and
fans in love with the hero."
**And the professor himself becomes
enamored of the laundress," she put in
laughingly.
"Just so! I waa working; on his
soliloquy prior to the advent of the
love-lorn youth, when you came in."
''And of eouse began at the end as
usual!"
T-yes. But the rest will come to
cat. Here's the last verse anyhow:
J Urt found the ferm of health.
The sens of melancholia and ptreila,
But try reputation'* lost
If I can't at any coat
T*'»T~tt)n the fenn of Lov« la raj great theda.
"How's thatr
I "Great!"
She smiled encouragement with ap
preciative eyes and lips. But the light
filed from her face as he swung back to
the desk, waving the paper hilariously
'above his head. She bit back a sigh be
tween her teeth, and laying the bundle
of mail beside him turned away. *
*'Don'»t go." Royce was bending over
his papers and did not look up.
ywon't it disturb you if I remain?"
"No, it will help me; it always does.
I think you are my inspiration."
The blood flashed to her face so sud
aen'v that Ehe was thankful he did not
look up and see It. She sank into a big
leather chair before the open flre and
took up a magazine.. "Speed," Royce's
fox terrier, got up from the rug,
stretched^ himself lazily and Jumped
upon her lap. The young man lifted his
head and looked across at her side
ways.
"What a picture you make," he said
meditatively.
upon the small white one which lay on
the desk beside him. Now and then he
paused to lift it to his lips.
"Royce," she said softly, after a
while, "I must tell you. You are away
behind In progression. I discovered
the love germ, or rather, it discovered
me, as you say, quite a year 'ago."
Royce flung down his pen, and jumped
up. And it was not her hand that he^
kissed then.
you have always been In my life I did
not realize what lt would be -o lose
you. The vision of you as you sat in
my c. air this afternoon, bo sweet, so
womanly, bo helpful— my Inspiration,
as I truly told you — will haunt me for
ever, unless— unless you will let It be
like that for always, Luce."
The girl's face quivered with happi
ness. She made a little involuntary
swaying movement toward him. Still
holding her arms, as though he feared
she might slip away from him, Royce
drew her within his own.
Half an hour later he was , writing
again, but with his ; left hand closed
it__^--— — <. j OOD gracious!" cried
Hk?Tg^2^5f$l{ > Dolly, getting to her
I feet with -very pink
%MiN?ir^ty cheeks. "I wonder—"
Afitefli^lSfn Sanford lifted his
nat w '*h one hand
lfe-v^™^l>-2i and held out the
flggaJM'ilii umM other. '.•¦
"I'm afraid you don't quite remem
ber me. Miss Kensington." he began.
TRemember you? Remember you.
Billy? Why. It's ¦ only ¦ three years
since— oh, do say that /you have but
(Copyrighted, 1904, by J. B. Mitchell. J
"I am nothing without you," he went
on. "Dear, forgive me that because
There was no mistaking his meaning
now. Lucy swayed a little, with part
ed, breathless lips, putting; out one
hand to steady herself .against .the
desk.
Royce's hold slipped from her shoul
ders to her arms and tightened there.
"Don't say you< care for him, Luce,*'
he pleaded. ,.;.- ,' ¦
The girl's throat ached with her
longing to comfort him, but the words
would not come. .
"And how am I going to stand lt if
that empty-headed cad that you went
driving with this afternoon gets what 1
want more than 'anything else in the
world?" His voice was rasping In. its
anxiety.
How pretty she had looked sitting
there in the flre*light! What could she
see in that empty-headed numskull that
she should care to go driving with him?
Was she, after all, one of the girls to
whom a well-weighted pocketbook
atoned for any mental lack?
He recalled the evening before when
after a hard day's work he had wan
dered into the drawing-room where
Lucy sat playing a sweet, illusive little
melody of Chaminade's. Again the
feeling of supreme content in being thus
alone with her, with no words between
them but the soft tender chords, came
over him. Suppose this tailor's block
of a man- should carry her off to a
home of his own? Suppose she should
be willing to go? He got up and paced
through the rooms, his mind in a whirl
of fear.
He met the girl in the hall when she
returned, her face bright and glowing
from her drive.
"Well, how roes It?" Bhe asked
cheerily. .- „> :
"How goes what?" His eyes were
fixed gloomily on her face. He grudged
the fact that another man had been
able to look at her for the past hour
unrestrained.
"Why, the professor and his germ
quest, of course." | •
, "Oh. it's in the waste paper basket—
the only fitting place for it"
She glanced up, surprised at the bit
terness of his tone, and moving swiftly
away from him into the "den," stood
bending over his desk.
Royce followed, and laying his hands
firmly on her shoulders, turned her
about until she faced him.
"Look here," he demanded, . "what's
the use of my making an imaginary
professor look for a thing which I've
found myself— or, rather, which has
found me?"
She stared at him in open-eyed be
wilderment backing slightly from what
Ehe saw In his face.*
Having finished the professor's solilo
quy he rose and strode into the draw
ing-room Just in time to see Lucy being
helped into a high dogcart by a fair
faced individual in immaculate light
overcoat and <iogskin gloves. The horses
pawed the air when the diminutive tiger
left their heads and sprang into his
place. Royce had a glimpse of Lucy's
bright, face as it was lifted to her com
panion's. How entirely in her element
ehe looked! He turned away from the
window, his foot » tripping In a rug,
which he kicked savagely back Into
place. Confound those things that are
always catching in people's feet! Well,
here was another day wasted. That
stuff he had written was rot. He strode
back into his room and tearing the
sheets in two flung them mto the waste
paper basket. Then he threw himself
wearily Into the chair which the girl he
called cousin, because he had known
her all his life, though the tie between
them was remote, had so lately occu
pied.
R^yce was deep in his work again,
scarcely conscious of the fact when she
rose and left the room in answer to a
ring at the bell and the maid's knock.
He heard the soft pat-pat of her feet as
she ran upstairs a few minutes later,
and then the clash of the front door.
"The man — I — well, if* some on«
I've been writing to for a long time.
I live there now, you know, but I've
been away all summer. He — he lives
in the South — New Orleans. Perhaps
you know him — Ford. Jack Ford is
"Oh!"
"You do know him then?"
"I've heard of him." said he. cir
cumspectly.
"He's my ideal." explained Dolly
with a charming blush.
"He certainly Isn't the sort of fel
low you would have married— once."
"How do you know that? You said
you had merely heard of him."
"Yo'ur requirements were pretty
Ironclad."
"I told you, did I not, that I had
modified them?"
Sanford stared at her quizzically
for & moment . "You also told me
that you never would— that there was
no one—" »
"I've changed my mind." snapped
Dolly; "that's the prerogative of wise
men — and women."
Sanford rose slowly from his chair
and stood for a second at the back of
hers, looking down at the silk rumple
of sun-blond hair.
"You haven't exactly set the day
yet. dear," he ventured mildly.
"And pray how do you know that,
Mr.; Sanford?"
"At lepst, I have received no letter."
He bent his head to the mutinous rose
face, then lifted it suddenly.
"What is your ideal. Dolly V he
asked, curiously.
"A roan -who Is a rea! man," aald
she softly, "one who would do any
thing—all things in tne great round
world to win the girl he lores— who
would even go so far as to get some
other Person to write his letters, for
getting to disguise his little tricks of
expression — who—"
"At least," he broke In, "I didn't
use a typewriter— an old one with the'
p and q all out of alignment— Just
such a one as we used to practice upon
ten years ago. Remember when we
studied shorthand together that — "
. "I; don't remember a thing about lt."
Interrupted Dolly, two pink roses clip
ping softly into her cheeks, "I never
even think about those— do stop. Bill,
I'm sure I hear the last call for iup
pex!"
her half-averted profile. \ > • : .
"Don't be surprised*" he answered
presently, "but — I'm jroingr to ba
married."
A long silence ensued. When Dolly
looked toward him again there were
tear-traces in her eyes. She hell out
her hand.
"Let me congratulate you, won't
you?" Her voice was studiedly low,
to hide its meaning. "Who la the—
the lucky girl, Billy?"
"The woman I love." ' ha replied
sententiously, drawing her fingers
into both hi3 hands and holding them
close.
Dolly flushed, snatching them away
sharply.
"Don't!" she cried. "If* — if* meaa
of you!"
"By the way, Dolly," asked San
ford, "what are you going to New
York for?"
She regarded him narrowly for an
instant through contracted lids.
"Why, I'm going to be married,
too," she returned with a wee laugh.
"And it's a — a sort of disgrace. Bil
ly," she hurried on. "I've half a
mind to tell you the truth about It"
"Do." vV:v.i
."And may I ask — you would not
mind telling me whether you are any
nearer the — whether you have
really—". He looked at her helplessly,
a shadow of dwindling hope across his
face. . .. '
"Not an Iota nearer," she cut. In
with. some abruptness.
Sanford smoked complacently for
several seconds. The sun dropped
steadily, in the West,. casting a weird,
copper glow over the thin, keen,, ex
pressive /face. Dolly watched him
furtively, for.' a little, her gaze gradu
ally, shifting to the great plunging
emerald columns of sea-water, scatter
ing sheets of opal spray and filling the
airwith salt fragrance. •
-'.'What takes you to New .York, Wil
liam?" she asked after a while with a
sudden assumption of casual interest
.Sanford did not at , "once reply. A
queer. little smlle*dey eloped about the
corners of his mouth as he looked at
"People learn by mistakes."
"But scarcely ever profit by them.
Experience' generally comes too late
for— the train."
"I have somewhat modified my
ideas," conceded Dolly, 1 after a pause.
"Ideals, of course."
Sanford smiled, a trifle enigmatlr: i
ly, and looked down at his strong, sea
tanned hands.
"Still in the quest of the ideal. I
see,'! he observed after a little, his
keen gray eyes shifting transiently
along the deck-rail.
"£o to Bpeak," acquiesced Dolly, fol
lowing his gaze.
"One might just aa well chase rain
bows," grumbled Sanford, digging
clumsily Into his pocket \ for a cigar.
"May I?" he inquired politely.
Dolly nodded, catching her full low
er lip under a curved row of milk-col
ored teeth. "To Judge by your re
mark," Bhe commented, with a sudden
inflection of ire, "one would think that
I was— am— a— that "
"Not at all," corrected he, emphati
cally; "Very brilliant persona frequent
ly foster I illusions. It is an inf allible
sign of a theosophic mind, though
commonly speaking " he broke off
lamely* .
,"Vej|s?'/::
•rwlw.'a mistake— I should say."
Dolly's lashes, long, blue-black,
flickered momentarily over the smoke
colored eyes.\ "Not really?" she ques
tioned in a musing tone. /:. v
"And you, Dolly," he pursued, alert,
tentative, "you have not changed
either, I presume?" He took the camp
stool opposite ; her.
A . minute's pause v broken only by
the rush and swlrl'of water against
the sides of the ship.
Sanford regarded her closely for the
space of half a minute, a light that
was, not unfamiliar there leaping
swiftly to his eyes. V .'
"No," he said, quite grave, "not the
least bit— not in any respect"
Dolly laughed softly and plunged
five rose-tipped fingers through a tum
bled heap of sun-blond hair.
'TYou haven't changed at all," she
remarked, slipping deftly into the most
convenient chair.
"Certainly not," returned he prompt
ly; "after the rain the deck is fear
fully slippery. As a matter of fact, I
have just succeeded in picking myself
up from it"
just come out— that you did not really
see — " • ' . ¦ • "• /
By M. Louise Cummins
HIS AWAKENING
The letter, when she read it made
Hiss Purvis' face go all pink and
beautiful, and then pale, and her eyes
fill with tears. Then she put the letter
away in the' borDm of her gown, and
You see, Charles Augustus loved his
governess greatly. She came next to
his father and mother and way above
the goat. Charles Augustus had quite
decided to marry Miss Purvis when
he grew up, and had even talked over
the details with the young lady her
-eelf. : ,-|*V
on his lessons about
the Dog. and the Rat and the Act-ive
Cat Then Higgins had brought Miss
Purvis a letter, and with It something
ha 1 entered into Charles Augustus'
life, that he could by no means under
stand.
(Copyright, ISM, by T. C. MeClure.)
NT-/— rr~V--fl HARLES AUGUS
[iv^^^P@2Jjj TUS had had a most
na< * commenced well
V«WE£-£rCjtfjl enough. but had
iJt^^SsSc^VmH clouded over soon
i '| i TTj >r | after he had started
Charles Augustus thought that was
the end of it But it was not For
as often as he looked up from his book
or slate, he saw Miss Purvis reading
the letter, and each time he saw tears
in her eyes.
What could it be in those Ecrawlj
blacks marks to make people cry?, He
cried when he w^s spanked or shut
up in a closet or had to do something
he did not want to — but this wasn't
like that Charles Augustus could not
understand this silent crying. When
he cried he wanted to let the whole
world know — and usually succeeded.
Later, when lessons were ' over, he
saw Miss Purvis, through the window,
writing a letter and she was cryinjj
over that Plainly, there was some
thing in this writing business which
was decidedly unpleasant Charles
Augustus decided then and there that
he would never write. Then when
she had finished she went off to the
village and would not let Charles Au
gustus go with her.
In that half hour of easy-time which
came when Charles Augustus had
shifted from his day things Into the
ample lengths of his flannel pajamas,
and, cuddled down into the big chair
THE SAN FKANGISGO A SUNDAY^. CALL.
with Miss Purvis, toasted, his- pink
toes before; the fire preparatory to go
ing . bedward, he came once niore
across ' this pe'culia/ [<.¦. thing -which he
could hot understand. For Miss.Pur
vis was strangely silent, only answer
ing a listless yes or no to, his observa
tionsXn life, and the curious "ways of
people, and - the' idiosyncrasies of r the
goat. She did not take much interest
even whence touched upon the many
things/he would give her when he be
came a man and they were married —
the rings like mamma's, and an . ex
press wagon, and a Jar , of ginger.
Though her anrTdrew.him close when
he told her j how much' he loved her,
yet Charles'! Augustus was not satis
fied. He felt-as though something in
visible were between them. - .
He put up a hand and turned her
face toward him. , • V "
•> "You do love me, don't you?" he
said. ,, "And you will wait-for me until
I am big?"
She kissed him and told him "Yes"
—she would always be his sweetheart
"But I'm afraid, dear, I'll have to go
away. Will you mind ?'' '
Charles Augustus minded very much
Charles Augustus saw the man that
afternoon. He had come to call, but
Miss: Purvis had excused herself. She
had a headache, she said. Now the
man, whose name was Mr. Houghton, t
"-There-was only, one man in Charles
Augustus' confidence, and he was very
big and strong and knew everything.
Next to the goat, who was -manifestly
inadequate under the circumstances,
Charles Augustus adored this man. H e
lived in a house by himself, a long,
long' way on! beyond ihe most distant
trees. - :. " '
Augustus had craftily tucked inside
his blouse, but yet she - was not the
Miss Purvis of aforetime; who laughed
and sang' and romped- on the lawn
with him. It was j not ' the mere pos
session of the letter then. What was
it? . - ;/' '0W&
."He must r.ot come." - "I must leave
here." Charles Augustus remembered
those words. Some one was coming
then; some one who'would carry Miss
Purvis, the beloved, away. Charles
Aogustus thought: of giants, and gyp
sies, and grew horriLly alive to the
exigencies of the occasion. His father
and mother were away, so he could
not go-to them for advice.
"No, it must • not be!'.'; Charles Au
gustus heard her say. "They 'would
think it was for his money. It ieTibet
ter as it is— better for him. - •, I must
leave here as soon as I can, and, oh,
I don't want to!" ...
Then Miss Purvis took the 'letter,
kissed it' and put it in a box on her
dressing table— a box with, curious
patterns in mother T of- pearl on it. and
with a queer lock that only she and
Charles Augustus knew how to open.
Charles Augustus' mind, started- to
work this thing out : This letter was
the cause of Miss Purvis' feeling
badly. It must be^ taken away, that
was nil about -it.: v ¦¦
The room wasquiet, the flre died to
a little glow of : winking embers, . Miss
Purvis was asleep. Charles Augustus
got up and got the- leUer. . Then, he
hid It under the mattress, and went
to sleep with a lighter heart Now
Miss Purvis would be happy again and
she would not go, away.
•But the next day Miss Purvis was
not happy. True, she did not cry> nor
did she read the letter which Charles
and sa}d so," and the thought kepthim
awake lpng after he had got Into ;his
bed. Through "{the doonhe could see
Miss Purvis and- the "fire. Then he
saw her of a sudden bend forward,
her face in her arms, and hear her
sob. #
Though he wanted to comfort her,
something told Charles Augustus that
Miss Purvis , wanted to^bejlet^aione.
At last she raised a tear-stained face.
T$y -/Fv B. Wright
HE, SHE AND CHARLES AUGUSTUS
Miss Purvis looked at the man a
second, and then her face came all
pink — and then she said "Yes."
It was a very happy walk back
home to Charles Augustus, except that
he. for some reason, could not manage
to walk between his two friends and
hold both their hands at the same
time, a thing which Charles Augustus
particularly wished. A'« ';
• -
I mean taked — away?" said Charles
Augustus.
"No, she isn't going away," the man
replied — "at least not very far."
They got out into the road and
started back, Charles Augustus' hand
in thai of his friend's, and his small
shoes plowing through the dust. And
then, at a turn in the road, they cams
suddenly on Miss Purvis, very white
and scared looking, and carrying
Charles Augustus* hat. . "Charlie."
she cried, "I thought you were lost!"
Charles Augustus plunged toward
her. "I tolded him!" he. cried trium
phantly. . "I've told him all about the
letter, and how you cried because the
giant was going to carry you off. and
he says the giant shan't, and that you
are going to live here happily ever
after, amen, like people do in fairy
stories. And you are, ain't you?"
5CUPID, THE
WEATHERMAN
Italy makes SS.000,000 a year «ot *
foreign visitor*.
It was not until after , the wedd'ng
in Paris. at; Eastertide that Katherine
had realized how the world, her world,
was smiling at her in polite amuse
ment. It was so palpably a marriage
de conyenance. • Not a* breath: of the
sweetness' of the woo'ing'at quaint Ber
bec • J hadv reached it." It " was merely
that Kitty Lorimer. had- married Bruce
Hetherlngton'_ f or his j money, and all
the ; host of nouveau . riche Hethering
tons were t to sweep* into" society under
the shadow of . the Lorimer wings.
! And the knowledge of the world's
Judgment of. them .had bred a vague,
mutual distrust, a fear born of love
and' pride Jthat'lthe; other, one might
give'eredence to 'the. world's rumor.
After that, the drifting apart had been
swift; : and the;, end : had • co,me deliber
ately. .She • had wished ' to spend the
ers.^ieatHfcirlne said, wiC3^ay"cynl
cism, -at '.their last interview. "We're
not 'the* kind to settle down, Bruce,
and.be married, and then do nothing
but giye house parties anddinner par
ties and yachting parties and all the
rest of it. Youwere rich and nobody
in particular, and 1 was ycer and 'a
Lorimer, .and the wise, little mothers
simply i saw a chance to j found a dy
nasty of mutual benefit and we drift
ed until they landed us ,under^ the
orange blossoms. It 'is a little tangle
of fate's skeins. We can't go back and
untangle it, but we can do the Alex
ander .trick and cut it."
He had agreed to the separation too
readily, she thought. Even acknowl
edging perfect indifference on both
sides, a little* hesitancy would -have
been desirable. He had almost seemed
cheerful when he had asked her what
she intended doing at Berbec.
,'•< You haven't the ghost of a right
to. ask me," she had told him, "but
there is nothing to conceal. Martlgny
keeps up his summer' classes still. You
know I studied under him there and
in' Paris, too, when we were poor, be
fore—" she, hesitated and went on
with a light touch of bitterness, "be
fore I was the fortunate Mrs. Hether
ington.- There is certain to be some
of the old class left and I can rest
and study."- - ' -V[- •'•.
"And be happy," concluded Hether
ington. She did not answer.
She felt that he could not : under
stand how she longed for the old. quiet
life away -from tAe world. It was at
Berbec he' had first met her. Young
and handsome, he had come to the
little fishing hamlet on a yachting
cruise, and. with all the confidence of
new ricnes, haa .expected to enter the
little exclusive art and social coterie
that gathered there. It had been, her
favor, that had won him the entree,
and before. the ivy that clambered on
old Martigny's garden wall had: turn
ed to crimson they were engaged.
"Not alone." she said. . **Xot alon*
now. sweetheart. I am afraid in Ufa,
too, alone."
¦ For an Instant she hesitated, in th«
revulsion of thought, then held out her
arms lovingly.
£he closed, her eyes and shrank closer
to him. Death had become a friend
to be met with smiling eyes and wel
coming happiness. As Hetherington
raised his head she waited, expectant
ly. ": The lurching and groaning had
stopped. ; She wondered If they wer*
sinking, and tightened the clasp of her
arms about his neck aa she- smiled up
at him.
"How dear death Is torether," sh*
said softly. "I'm not one bit afraid."
' His eyes lighted with sudden compre
hension and he stood back, loosening
her arms.
"The danger Is past," he said. "1
came _ to tell you we had made th«
harbor at St. Hllaire. You can reach
Paris by evening."
It was Hetherington's voice. Sh©
turned the lock with steady fingers, a
sudden "peace strengthening her. H»
paused in the doorway, tall and dark,
and storm-beaten in his dripping oil
skins, his face white and grim as h*
looked down at her.
"Has it come, dear?" she asked, lift
ing her face to him. "I'm not afraid—
with you."
He caught her to him closely and
?pressed his lips to hers with hungry
Intensity.
1 "Not afraid In d?ath. Kit." he said
bitterly. "Then why in life?"
••Kit! Let me in!"
summer at Berbec alone. He haa re
fused positively to permit It If sh«
went against his wishes he wonfd con
sider it final. Before she had fully
realized what It meant she had tossed
back her answer. It was final then.
She would go to Berbec. The follow
ing week they had sailed for France.
A sudden sharp rapping on her state
room door startled her. She caught
her breath as she ro3e unsteadily, and
clung for ! support to the side of the
berth. The moment of danger had
come, and they had sent for her. Not
Hetherington, she knew. Until she
called for him he would Tneet even
death without a word. But if she could
call, if there was only yet time, only a
moment of grace, to reach him and tell
him it was all a miserable mistake of
pride, that she loved him with all her
heart and wanted his presence with
her now. at the supreme moment when,
all the world had fallen away into
nothingness, and there was only, the
mystery of eternity before her, and his
love to bear her on. The rapping
sounded heavier and more imperative.
. If Hetherington , had been with her.
If^they. two could have faced eternity,
in each other's arms; with the old love
strengthening them, she would have
known no fear.' But as it was, a wild,
unreasoning, childish terror made her
tremble . at '. every crashing wave, and
she longed for even a sight of his fact
before the end should have swept them
irrevocably apart. :
-The week at sea had passed like a.
troubled "¦ dream. They j were*: to ' have
made harbor, the previous morning arid
the storm had driven . them , oft ,: the
course, down ' the southern French
coast. By this time she had thought
every thing, would have been over. The
brief, tearless parting '.with Hethering
ton, the meeting with her mother in
Paris and the trip to Berbec.
Dear,: lovely, lonely little Berbec up
on the Normandy coast. • The r two
summers she had spent there, in old
Martlgny's classes, had been ; the . hap
piest of her" lifer. ' She"; loved even"' th.e"
- memory ¦ of " theC crescent' shore *.' line,
withy the old boats drawn up on the
sand and the nets drying in the* sun
light,; and 'the .: brown-skinned *~ fisher,
boys and '. girls gossiping . over their
baskets of silveryfscaled fish.
It had all been arranged and settled
so decently, "as Hetherington said.
There , had .never {been" any open i quar
rels } between a them /for" : the servants '
and public : ] gossip' over,' merely - a
quiet, \ courteous y antagonism which
required - no The mar
riage '.had' jibt; been^voluntary. , ; 'v ; ,
. "It '"wa«~ the 'blessed, ' stupid fmbth-
\" (Copyright. 190*. bjr T. C. McCIurO \
i*r-— g— ;^^^ INCE daybreak ther* j
' i'i^^Efl had been no chan * e
1 •\V^i^S5i)/-|l in tne ceaseless
i^lfe^^fel lurching of the
[ v^2i^S^^»ll >' acnt > or tne dull
KJ^^fX^Pjr U roar of the waves as
&f^s!<xQ{ I they swept In long,
heavy seas over its
sides. . \ . ".-..-.
Twice Katherlrie had tried to leav* .
.her stateroom • and reach ; th« cab
in, and had been forced back. One*
the white-faced stewardess had
come to her door. Thera was no
, immediate : danger, she assured ~ her. '
They would be notified at once If there
were. If she were nervous Mrl He th -
erington said he would coma to her.
And* Katherine had- sent back word
that- she was not at all nervous/ and
Mr. Hetherington need not trouble hlra
. self at all about her. " . ' ."
When the girl had gon« sh* had
thrown herself on the couch and given
full vent to the terror, that had haunted
her all night long. She was afraid,
afraid with- her '/whole heart, of. th«
great, lashing, hungry, sea that tossed
and played with .the yacht like some
huge monster with its helpless prey
and threatened I every moment to hurl
. It down to , death.v ' . p " ? -
By Izola L. Forrester
BY A TRICK OF FATE
Three nights later the message failed
again, and young Elton guessed it
would be fair. The ntxt tfay the great
est rain of the season poured down
from early morning till late at night.
Young Elton's face was beginning to
grow careworn- In desperation he
went to the girl, and told her the whole
story.
"So far my iniesses have been all
•wrong." he confided. "Now I have a
plan that certainly deserves success.
The managing editor read It the next
morning axd wondered if it were re
liable. It was not. AH day a warm
wind blew t'er.t!y« from the south and
a' blue sky acd a hot sun emiled ge
nially.
Young Elton stared at the celling
for a good five minutes. Then he
went over to his desk with the mail
and straightway forgot all his troubles
in reading a dainty, scented note. She
said some very nice things to him,
and asked how he was faring in his
work,
Tfc* weather report failed to come
that night. Young Elton ' prepared
some slips of paper with various
¦weather conditions written on them,
and then drew one cautiously. It said:
"Rain to-day: colder."
"Xo, «ir," went on the telegraph,
editor. "I held the paper till 3 o'clock
waiting for it, but for some reason it
failed to come."
"Ah!" said the managing editor
again. Then his anger burst forth,
ad he raved as became a man who
held reporters and editors under his
thumb.
"I suppose," he concluded, sarcas
tically, "that it never occurred to you
to 'fake' a report: to realize that any
puess on the weather was better than
none; to appreciate the comments the
Times will male* on the incident; to
imagine the disappointment of every
one of our readers. Why. you fool,
do you suppose any one would have
known that your gruess was not a re
liable report, even if it differed from
that of the Times? Do you " He
stopped suddenly, turned on his heels,
and went out the door, with the re
mark:' "Don't let it happen again!"
"The weather report." said the latter,
with the air of excusing tlje bureau,
"did not come last night"
"Ah!" said the managing editor,
dryly.
The managing editor allowed his
steak to grow cold while he searched
the paper. But nowhere in it, from
the top of the first column on the front
page to the end of the last one on the
final page, could he find any comment!
on the weather. He folded the paper
deliberately. Bwearing softly to him
self, and fifteen minutes later he con
fronted Young Elton, the telegraph edi
tor.
(Copyright. 1604, by Leslie W. Quirk.)
\j&3j^fh. editor of the clay '
/^ vine News °i> ened his
X^f$\$f^ paper at breakfast
aWwiIIs one morning and
l^^SfejL§) l° oked for the wealh "
jfagpmmo^sak er report he found in
its place a modest notice stating that
the circulation of the News was the
largest of any paper in the city. Now
this fact was interesting to the man
aging editor, but it was not what he
wanted to read. He was looking for
the prophecy of the Weather Burean.
which was telegraphed each night from
a neighboring city.
It'a simple, you understand. I am
going to drop in and see you* for a min
ute or two each evening about dinner
time. If I may; and I shall gauge my
guesses by your demeanor. If you are
very cordial, I shall say the next day
will be clear. If you are not so glad to
see me. I 6hall prophesy cloudy weath
er. If I find you bored by my visits, the
report will say rain. Do you uiuler
¦tand?~ "
The Rirl did. and. though she sug
gested the possibility of fair, weather
every day, young Elton decided to try
the plan. He grinned cheerfully, and
went back to the office and wrote the
report: "Fair to-day, with southerly
winds." And although the Times
promised rain, the next day was cloud
less and warm.
It was very clear for a week, during
which time young Elton was called
upon to euess the weather -conditions
several times. The rival paper seemed
to be steadily wrong, and the manag
ing editor of the News took it upon
himself to write a little editorial on the
subject, reprinting the reports of the
two papers in parallel columns. The
reporters slapped young Elton on the
back, and told him he should try the
races. \
Then one night' something went awry
at the girl's house, i It was only a
trivial thine In itself, but Jt lowered the
spirits of both. The paper promised
cloudy weather, and all the next day
ugly, black clouds glowered.
The little quarrel was over by the
next night, but the conversation was
strained. A few evenings later, the girl
happened to mention another man, who
was not young Elton's idea of a fit com
panion for a woman. He said so very
frankly, and the girl disappeared.
The weather report read: "Rain to
day." For twenty-four hours the water
poured down unceasingly.
Late the next afternoon young Elton
sat at his desk thinking deeply.- He
had been out of sorts all day. and he
knew very well -where -the. trouble lay.
He looked at the clock \ thoughtfully,
and noted that it was nearly^ time. for
his calL He wondered whether it was
worth while to eo. ',' ¦ ¦ --M. ''^ ¦' /
Suddenly he rose, slipped on mk rain
coat, and went out of the office. «There
was resolution In every movement.
"I've been a fool." he told himself; "a
poor, blind fool. The nicest girl in the
world almost mine — the nicest and pret
tiest—"
The girl met him at the door., and in
vited him into the house, a bit unstead
ily, as if she did not quite understand.
Young Elton slipped, off his raincoat,
noted the paper on the table, with the
weather report wrinkled and. a little
tear stained, and began bravely.'
. "I've been a fool." he repeated to the
girl; "a poor, blind fool. If you will
only forgive me, I'll— " i .. "*
t She cried a little, very softly, on his
shoulder, and then, with the prophesied
rain pattering- down outside., he slipped
a ring on her finger." and they fell to
talking of the something, when there
should be a little cottage, with ! a bit .of
green and maybe a dog.
When the managing editor took up
his paper the next morning he neglected
to scan the weather report until he had
read some- strong: editorials, which
struck, him as very, excellent. He
smiled complacently at -. the . forcible
words, and turned to the weather re
port. • ' /v *VlJ r ,>-
His face grew very white..
"Southerly win'ds," he read, "and fair
weather -forevermora" • • -
Finally the family began to notice
her appearance. They declared that
a change of scene was what was need
ed. Then her mother decided that
California was the place for her, riot
knowing what reflections that country
would bring up.
Out on the Arizona plains the train
was drawn up on a siding* to permit
the eastbqund overland^to pass.. The
passengers on the westbound grum
bled at the delay, but Miriam slipped
off; the train to see if she could find
any subjects for her camera..
There was; a large group of cacti
beyond the switch and she trudged
down to get a good viewpoint just as
the belated train came speeding along -
She thought it would be a good clufnee
to try the speed of her camera by get
ting a snap shot of the moving train,
and stepping to one side of the track
held the little box In readiness.
But the anticipated snap shot was
never taken. There on the observation
platform of the car was Calvert, as
much surprised as she at the rencontre
With -quicker thought than she had
ever, given him credit for he slipped
over the guard fail, and hanging to the
rail for^a second dropped to the track.
He fell sprawling, butwas up in an In
stant, and was coming toward her with
outstretched hands. ' '
"Miriam!" he exclaimed Joyfully,
Jl ifs awfully good to see you. You see
I have learned my .lesson, and: was
chafing at the three days it would take
me to reach home, and here you are
out in Arizona to meet me.'! He folded
her in his arms and kissed her. Eh«
made no resistance. ¦
' <WeI1^y° u needn't have risked your
life Just to say you're glad to 'see me."
¦he said saucily, as soon as speech was
possible. He laughed.
"The train wasn't going fast enough
to make it a. dangerous accomplish
ment, and I didn't want to have to fol
low you. Absence has* made me more
Intelligent. It. couldn't make me more
appreciative. I promise you that from
now on . you will have no cause' for
complaint." f
There was a new tenderness In his
eyes, a new deference in his ; attitude
that proclaimed him the lover, not
merely the, old companion who took
everything for granted. SheVheld out
her hands with a happy smile. A,:
"I believe you. dear." she said softly.
_"but I «han't put ; you to the test. I'll
•accept the ,old proposal and take a
ibrldaltrlp to California." ; .
He caught her in his arms again; and
for : a moment' they were oblivious of
everything around :i them. ' Then he
looked j up -whimsically. ¦ "I ; hope" the
walking's ; good." he said reflectively.
She gave a cry. There in the distance
\the westbound train wasfast. receding.
No one, had noticed her leave. the train
. or had observed Calvert. They had
simply gone on. . • _
¦p'Well.'-V; said' Miriam, ."'• let's ' walk,'*
and they started for : the Golden Gate.
/ " Wn at reas On haA , e - you for thinking
the defendant was intoxicated?" - : .' *
:\ ; "Well, your Honor, vwhen'hli"" wife
called me over I found him in thVcellar
cutting kindling >ith the lawn' mower."
— Cleveland : Plain Dealer. , v
1 -. " ¦ - ¦¦¦¦.-•¦•.¦;
"Really," he stammered, "I didn't
mean to offend you, don't you know?
I really thought we were going to be
married some day. 1 ,'
"We never will until you learn how
to talk." she snapped back. "No wo
man with" any self-respect would ac
cept a proposal like that." -There was
Infinite scorn In the voice.
Calvert blinded. He had known
Miriam ever since they had played
dolls together^ Even then they had
played at keeping house and had an
nounced to their parents that they
were going to be married shortly.
They had persisted long after the usual
course of boy and girl love affairs.
Miriam knew that he was not much
of a talker. Why should she expect
him to discover new ability simply be
cause he wanted to suggest that It was
time they. were married?'
,He rose to his feet and, regarded her
uncertainly. "I' think," he drawled,. "I
had better be going. I don't seem to
be any good here."
"Go." she said evenly, "and don't
you come back until you learn to 'tell
a woman that you love her as though
you meant' It." She waited until she
heard the door close and then burst
into 'tears.
, She was used - to Calvert and his
ways, but all their lives he had accept
ed .placidly 'and j unemotionally 'the ta.6t
of her love. Woman-like she hungered
for the tender words that are as manna
to -the hearty : ". .
. Calvert apparently took her at ; her
word. The next; morning • there was
a bunch of violets ' at her : place at the
breakfast table with ; his • card marked
P. P. C. in one corner. That was ' all.
There was .some comment _.that; Calvert
should. leave town in the' middle; of : the
season, but no one supposed that there
had been any trouble between*: Miriam
and him, and she was at ¦ least . spared
the infliction \ot curious questions.
, For a few days she pretended to her
self that she did not care.: She flirted
desperately with Jack » Hoi worth,' who
made - love dellciously, but his -tender
speeches ; lacked the inflection of sin
cerity,' and by the^end of a week he
Miriam sprang to her feet. "Charlie
Calvert," she said excitedly. "I could
just shake you." He started back as
though he feared she would carry her
threat into execution, "Is that any
way'to ask a girl to marry you? One
would think you had been brought up
in an atmosphere of personally con
ducted tours."
(Copyright, 1904, by E. W. Sargent.)
~r—.* -~— -•¦¦.* ~i* THINK," remarked
|^££m£^?| Calvert very slowly,
" thiit J should like to
|^VJ|fe£i j go to California."
''^^kJ^mv 1 Miriam agreed that
. l7L(6ri5aiWj£Ki California would be a
I S very pleasant place in
*sehS*k?sSe$&»w|!J .winter. She even de
clRred that she would like to go there
herself. With Calvert it was necessary
to give more than was received. /He
was no conversationist. Now he pon-,
dered over Miriam's admission, as
though this opened a. new field for
thought.
"It would be pleasant," he said pres
ently, "to go there on one's wedding,
trip."
"Yes," assented Miriam, "it would be
a very pleasant trip." .
"Suppose, then," he said, getting very
red, "that we go there — together. You
want to go. I, want to go. We want
to get married. Very simple, isn't it?"
bored her. No vrord came from Cal
vert and soon she began* to, worry. To
ask questions would be, to admit that
she did not know where he was, and,
this would subject "her to comment.
She could only wait arid hope. V
By Espes W. Sargerat
CALVERT'S
CONVERSION
{Copyright, 1904. byK.lL Whitehead.)
¦¦¦^yggg HE girl cl the "I. X.
griii nr~*M w nH k." ranch was Xora
a M3 F^Jli Davis > ' nlece °£ th «
n3v V I proprietor, who was
I* » I <W jt passing a year in the
> §? «^ fj f ar "W>st by the ad
gjEifi^J^ Hfc- B .vce or her doctor.
l r 7"" r 7~NwaBa The presence of a
woman at the ranchhouse no
¦trange thing, as Mrs. Davis was there,
tnd had two or three women helpers,
but* the -sisht of a good looking girl
of 20 ridipg and walking about kept the
cowboys in a state of excitement.
• Soon after the arrival of Miss Nora
the jokers began to level their shafts
at" Tom .Boftcns. Tom was no cowboy,
and was therefore looked down upon
with cood ntuu^d contempt. Hefwas
a pom- rider, and he owned to a lack
cf nerv*. aftd he haa therefore been
employes as a general "chore man."
It was announced by "the inkers that
Trom had fallen head over heels in love
nCith.the yo-ung lady and would soon
propose marriage.
Tom was^too bewildered to deny or
affirm. He*4iad only caught sight of
the -Sir? ence or twice, and had then
gazed upon her as something new in
the m.enagerie line. The chaff set him
After her first three months at the
ranch there came an Indian scare. A
band had broken away from the reser
vation and taken to the foothills and
killed stock and a man or two. The
him* out of the race. He acknowledged
his passion to the men about him. but
had opportunity been offered him a
hundred times over he would not have
broached the matter to the girl by word
or look. Some ;time in the future, he
reasoned to himself — some time 1 after
he had loved a long, long time ard got
to be a rich cattle owner, and the squint
had been taken out of his eyes and the
crook out of his legs— he might declare
his love, but not till then.
The boys on the ranch had other
things to think of besides guying Tom
Bowens. but they let up on him for
only a few days at a time, and there
fore there was little "chance for his love
to wane. It happened, too. thai when
Miss Nora went to ride by herself Tom
was sent along to gallop about fifty feet
in the rear and act as groom. She was
somewhat haughty and she was some
thing of an aristocrat, but she was no
snob. She spoke to her groom with a
smile, and on'' many occasions drew
him out regarding ranch life and its
work and adventures. He was always
respectful to a degree, and the thought
never entered her head that he aspired.
girl, and witbin three er four days he
had convinced himself that he was. He
was unlettered, uncouth and without a
dollar to his name, but it did not oc
cur to him that those things barred
€o "ifilhklng, however. He oegan to
wonder if he was not in love with the
daily gallops were not interrupted, but
shortened, and Term Bowens, ,whp . was
a' good shot, if no cowboy, buckled on
a pair of revolvers every time he: was
cent. to act as guard and groom. ; Sol
diers were ordered out to drive the,
breakaways back, and after-a few days
the scare subsided. Some of the red
men surrendered and returned to ac
cept the beef and blankets of the Great
Father, but half a dozen stood out for
the warpath acid -'dodged', the . soldiers
and remained in the hills." They were
cute enough "to remain quiescent until
forgotten, and then they one day
emerged from their* hiding place in
search of scalps. "It happened to be
a day on which Miss Nora was taking
a. longer ride than usual, and it was
fated' that they- should be brought to"
gether. v
•After elding a straight twelve : miles
out from the ranch " "le -girl -halted'
her horse at the mouth of,: Wolf Pass.
It was a ravine, or gulch, 200 feet Ion?
cutting through the hills. Tom Bowens
was with her, as usual, and r he h^ld her
horse as she dismounted and v'undered
about among the boulders to cull a
llov. er here and there.' As he watched
her he fell to musing. " His love was
growing day by day, but 'he, was. suc
cessfully concealing ft. -When would
the time come to reveal it? When re
veakd would it b? reciprocated? 'All
of a sudden ths thought came! to him
for the first time:
"Can a man like me ever hope to
win a girl like her?"
Tom was scared at the thought, and
he began to size himself up. He had
often .been called "Bow, Legs" and'
"Squint Eye." He knew that he .was
"orf"' in looks; he was. uneducated; he
was without means. T-Te -was only, a
"choreman" at ?20 a month on, a
ranch, without the slightest pros
pect of rising higher. For the first
tiir.e he realized the gulf between. . He
had been, an idiot, he admitted to
himself, but he would be an idiot no
longer. He would cease to love — g^
-a y - faI1In , ovewithth ; cook . aaV
counterbalance. " " ; •
3^thinking harder than ' hi
had ever thought before when a slight
noise in the pass startled Jiirri and ha
thought he made out a. human figure
skulking about. ;if it was.a humaa
\ figure it could only be that of one of
the renegade : Indians, and if be Vai
skulking he , meant murder.v Tom
Bowens had been charged • with a lack
of nerve, - and ¦• had always been ready
to admit it. He, had never beentried
out. and therefore - did not know him
self. Within a* minute after catching
sight; of the _ skulking figure he had.
turned the horses •' and was -walking
; them slowly y back toward the girl,'
whistling as he went. . She looked up
in surprise as" he f drew near, • and • he '
carelessly dismounted \ and. calmly said :
/'Miss Nora, 'don't' be startled at what
'I say. c There ; are. Indians : in the pass.
I have seen one of them, "and j there is
probably half a" dozen. I want you to
Ret on your; horse arid ride oft slowly
for a ways, and 'then ride like fire for
the ranch."" : > • . .
"Do you mean it?"' asked Nora in a
puzzled way. ¦_ : : i>; "¦•
•'But you— you— ?'•" she asked as he
lifted her into the saddle. ' .
. "I'm going to stay here a bit. - ..The
Indians must have their ponies " In
there with 'em, /and they'd overhaul
me before I got a mile. Don't stop
now, but ride on." You'll get away "all J
right, and J you'll tell; 'em at. the house."
She would j have said more, but; he
gave her/horse a slap and the animal
moved, forward. His own would have
followed, but; he made it fast to a bush
and then went! whistling bapk to the
mouth of the, pass and dropped behind
a boulder and drew'onc of his revolvers.
Five— seven— ten minutes passed. Then
came a yell from S the Indians, who
had been tricked, .'and a band of six
rushed put. Pop! pop! pop!' went
•Tom's revolver, and then -they ,olosed
in on him and all.was over.
Two hours later, svhenTa ; dozen cow
boys rode up, they found two dead In
dians and the trail of. a wounded one,
and Tom • Bowens lay Vi there - stiff ' and ¦
cold with- a smile on his face. -He
couldn't win the girl he loved, but he
had died for her. i
THE? SAN SUNDAY CALU
By Leslie W. Quirk
THE MAN WHO COULD NOT
SPEAK HIS LOVE
6A SOUTHERN GIRL, Stanton
Wlnslow; Whitaker. it Ray Company,
San Francisco; price II 25.
THE THREE SCHOOLMA'AilS,
"William N. Holway; M. A. Donahue &
Co., Chicago; illustrated.
THE WORLD DESTROYER. Horace
Mann? Lucas Lincoln Company, Wash
ington, D. C.
THE DEFENSE OF THE CASTLE.
Tudor Jenks; The Mershon Company,
Rahway. N. J.: illustrated; price Jl C3.
CALIFORNIA AND THE CALIFOR
NIANS, David Starr Jordan: "Whitaker
A Bay Company. San Francisco; Illus
trated; price 50c (new edition).
LATIN GRAMMAR. George M. Lane;
American Book Company. New York.
HOMERIC STORIES; Frederick A.
Hall; The American • Book Company,
New York; illustrated.
New Books Received.
"How to -Make a Flower Garden" Is
the title of : - the "latest nature book to
be published by Doubleday, Page & Co.
The title is the only faulty part of the
book. for. the text tells, not how to
make a tiny garden spot In one corner
of the yard, but how. to study the hab
its and beauty of the flowering things,
po a» to surround your home, completely
with' the most beautiful of adornments
—that of nature Itself.
The book la, a compilation of the con
tributions of, many professional and
amateur gardeners upon every subject
concerned with the successful propoga
tlon,of flowers/ shrubs.and landscape
trees. Some tasty. suggestions are inad«»
upon the subject; of ; - the beautifying of
colorless- lawns .and, bleak country
homes. .The. discussion of the blending
of "colors and foliage Is Indulged lat
lengt^i/' Besides these, the book is made
artistically; "perfect by .the; liberal' use
of remarkably effective photographs of
flow-era and plants.
v ; . (Complled v and published by.Double
day, ; Page & Co.; price, $1 60.). ; .
/.Perhaps the" most pungent of last
'year's minor tflogtaphiesVas the'VLife
of Brpwhlrig," by the ¦Icdnd-lastic , Mr.
Chesterton. .It Is one of Jthose\ provok
ing books which stir 'up readers and
get people talking" about it: | It' is singu
lar how book's -on" Browning, multiply."'
More" are published ; every year ¦
ever before!, : « * Mrs.l Machen's painstak
ing volume tracing all the references to
•'•Tlie: Bible*. In 'Browning" and the influ
ence of, the Old Testament on th? 'poet's
aUittidetoward llfecame i jut-at about
the same tltne as .the new edition: of
"Pippa 2 Passes," and ; these" are hardly
off the.'rtrcsfl before a new, blc^raphy of
Browning Is? announced.; Fresh anec
dotes of Browning come to "!.-ht every
day.% He 'Js'.more. -read. now/ than> ever
before. *? At, first , only, the T cultivated
kne w ; his { work; ; like ; all it ;eat writers."
he ; is becbmlnk'known to;an increas
ingly-large 'number .; of - readers - every
year^ : '' : -V;" '\?--'' : }: i /'.y-:Y} t '.'f,-,'\ ' ¦•• •-.":•.. •
N ot i n g Au t h o rs ' Do i n g s
MARGINALIA.
THE majority, of -thinking people"
believe, that! the- question, of co
education is ho longer^a- burn-'
Ing Issue, that the recent segregation
of the sexes In some 1 of the
Eastern universities proves the experi
ment to have been not an unqualified
success as being. on -the 1 wane. [¦ Not so,
says Dr. Ely Van de'Warker, Commis
sioner of Schools for Syracuse, - New
York. 'In -a" book entitled "Woman's Un
fitneBs for Higher : Coeducation," he
devotes 225 pages j of closely- .printed
matter, to the. exposition of his opinions
upon what he . considers "a very' 11 v«
matter. Even in his tardiness the doc
tor should be, commended for his .ef
fort. : ' ~ ."'. ;'«•; ,-. : . •; ¦ : •' -. ¦-.:. s
The/ author does, not claim that his
position as .common ' school, commis
sioner gives him the strength. to, oppose
the views' of,. several -worthy, college
presidents upon the. matter qf coedu
cation. Nor does he admit of ever
having had the experience of a student
in a mixed college, .which- certainly
might have given him' provocation for
the expression of his views- If anything:
was calculated bo j to do. He . simply
does not^ believe In coeducation and
has refesohs for his belief. He 1 bases
his claim : for a hearing ' upon the
grounds that- the .Question.' has,pro
gressed beyond ; the grasp; of -the edu
cator and < is now in k the" province ; of
the sociologist.: The. -author is.! theb;' :
for the time being a sociologist. - ; :
Upon four counts does :Hr. Van de
Warker indict coeducation: » it is bad
for the college: it Is'. bad. -for. .the. men
in that college; It, is bad for the women,
themselves; it is bad, for society in gen
eral. .'¦ -\*j •" "•. '¦•... ":"¦'. ':¦--..'¦"
Bad' for .Z the "college Is the com-
minglinfc of the sexes' because it. gen
erates* the commerdali spirit in the
management of the -institution, : "says
the author. Business,. consideratlQna
have had more influence .* in ".f bunding
the college .' for ' both serf's • than .. any
ofher factor' according ( .tb -Dr."-^.Vainr-de
"Warkef. ¦ Thlsls'because'the sepreca
tion - plan • was ' too '. costly ' to maintain
LflST WOF^D
Upon Co-Eduedtioo.
Among the many recent books upon
the mechanical' and scientific achieve
ments of recent years none are of more
interest than Beckles Wilson's "The
Story of Rapid Transit." In this re
view cf the methods the twentieth cen
tury man uses by which to propel him
self over the world and to make dis
tance a word only of relative signifi
cation, the author brings forcibly to
the mind of the reader the marvelous
strides which have been made In motor
propulsion since our ancestors were
went to go abroad.
Beginning with the slowest of slow
coaches, traveling . over the worst of
roads, he introduces the reader. to Its
successors, better, and quicker coaches
running over improved roads; then to
the primitive tramway, with Its odd
carriages traversing wooden or flat iron
rails and propelled by horses: next to
the innovation of steam drawn car
riages and the steam railway. Steam
boats; were a natural outgrowth. of the
steam allway, tnd the telegraph, the
telephone, * the bicycle and the motor
carriage but various developments of
the necessity for greater dispatch of
passengers and information. ,
The later, forms of fast vehicles, the
bicycle and motor, carriage, represent
the determination of the individual. to
be Independent of -he corporation and
to enjoy swift travel wherever hls'In
cllnations or his necessities lead him to
go. The' street railway. .with Its most
prodigious development In extent and
adaptability to public, needs shown Ip
the Upited States, has been everywhere
accepted by the great cities, but. Judg
ing from the* past, has no^ yet been
brought to the efficiency that is to be
looked tor If the progress of the future
is to compare favorably with past de
velopment. t _
(D. Appleton & Co., New York; illus
trated;, price, 51 00.)
A San Francisco writer, Eugenia Kel
loger. has published a little book of
stories and sketches under the title of
"Poccallto, 'a Tale 1 of Telegraph '' Hill,"
which may well serve to while away an
idle half -hour. The fact that the anthor
prefaces the book with a recommenda
tion from Joaquin Miller and that she
graciously throws in her picture with
every copy sold does not make for an
additional value to the purchase. Joa
quln'e florid recommendations are too
common to be of value, and one should
not have tb know how the author looks
in order to appreciate her, writings. ,.
"Poccallto," the longest and the best
sketch of the. collection, Is, as Its sub
title denotes, a story of San Francisco's
Latin quarter. It purports to be. a page
from the life of a poor, misshapen little
fellow who is one of many in a crab
fisherman's family, and not blessed
with many joys of existence. The local
color Is well drawn, but the ending of
the tale Is too obvious— too much of the
Little Nell type of ' pathos to . be effec
tive. Another fault which characterizes
this and the other tales oC the collection
lies In the author's too riotous use of
language. The evident attempt at
strength through the use of unusual
words and euphonious combinations re
sults in pronounced weakness.
(The Unknown .Publisher, San Fran
cisco.)
NOTICES
Iq Briefer Forn).
¦ "Do publishers read unsolicited man
uscripts?" asks a writer In the Phila
delphia Inquirer. Doubleday. Pare A
Co. own up to reading 669 novels alone
In eight months. . The five hundred and
seventieth was published. It is Aquilla
Kempster's love story of India, "The
Mark," but "The 670th MS." would be
quite as enticing a title.
. The recent ; death of General James
X«ongstreet . has recalled sharply the
famous controversy which • concerned
General :LonKStreet'g military actions
and his subsequent attitude . with re
gard to]- the , Union, v It was only the oth
er day that the, book of another famous
Southern Confederate general . aroused
t resh discussion ' by] partisans . on every
side. And not a few readers as a result
turned' to fthe^pagea "Of 'General. Lons
street's-own^narrative, -"From 1 Manas-"
pas ,tb Appomattpx," in M'hlch here
views the campaign in which he was a
participant. tThat volume, long ago rec
oknlzed as one of the most striking. as
well as • authoritative of books relating
to the Civil, War, has 'been in continued
demand, since ¦ its < first > publication, and
its publishers six. months have
added another to the numerous editions
called ' for.* .' This t new v edition
liongstfeet *' thoroughly re\'lsed .a { short
time rbefore : he was;taken ill, ;and ,lt
contains his last words on 'the subject.
-.; Among the books which are. coming
into larger demand on; account- of' the
lively: Interest in "the Russo-Japanese
imbroglio is Mrs. Ethel Colquhoun'a
vivacious account of Journeylngs ,ln
Japan, Korea and from-VIadivostok
overlthe: trans-Siberian railroad. Pew
books . give :, equally •; vivid pictures
ot< actual scenes arid' dally life in these
countries, and .the publishers. : A. S.
Barnes & Co., find an increasing appre
ciation of the- author's timely sketches
of the East. , •-"'•. "-. \: , ... ;
" 'Nothing • else that could have hap
pened would have calltd attention to
the ;beautyi; of Mr. Zankwill'g story,
VMe'rply'Mary Ann," as Its dramatiza
tion "has done." This Is one of the novel
ettes in ZansrwUl's latest book. r-The
Grey Wig.", where its exqulslteness
atid'.delightfui.. kindly, realism ;were lost
eight -of. ..The story ends like life. while
the' play has' a, conventional endlne.
"Merely Mary Ann" is one of 'the most
.touching and '• human \ales Mr. Zane
wlll has yet -.wriitenl; v'.^ r - *
: A strange and romantic story i?},back
of the . publication in the • February
Scribner's of an article on Charles
Keene as an etcher. . These
plates were thought little of .by Keene;
and were given to a friend with instruc
tions to destroy them. ; They were lost
for years' and / finally -were . f oirid. ' It
Is the unanimous opinion of v experts
that It would be a crime against art to
destroy them, so a limited 'number of
sets have been published. • and they
show, JCeene among thle great •; etchers
-of bis time.. -, "... L'- : . .. ¦
Some. years ag(T*u novel from the pen
of a new man appeared under the title
of "John Littlejohn of J." and attracted
considerable attention by reason of its
historical' verisimilitude and the rapid
ity* of Its action. It was In the days
whenl the historical novel was some
thing less of a rarity; than it is to-day,
and a second story from the same hand
was expected In a 1 short time. ;However,
the author.t'G^drge Ii6rgan, .was of ex
actly opposite mind v to most. of those
who make a success with, their first
piece ,of long- -fiction, and until now he
-has not been heard from. His new story
Is of very much: larger. proportions and
more elaborate workmanship than Its
predecessor, .and, In if act, has been In
writing for seven years: Its title has
not : yet ; been announced. v but It will
probably be "The Issue." It .will be pub
lished by the J.;B. Lippincott Company
late in February; ...,-.<¦ ?,.:¦ ¦ . •_-/
•The first book presented > to 'tfe n<?w
}2f 0,000 Carnegie Library at Louisville,
Ky.. was Dr. W. J. Holland's ' "The
Moth Book." It was the giftofR. "W.
Brown, one of the trustees of the insti
tution. By a singular, coincidence Dr.
Holland is director of the Carnegie Mu
seum at* Pittsburg. He was former
chancellor of the Western University
of Pennsylvania. "The Moth. Book" is>
a popular guide to a knowledge of the
moths of North America. There are
forty-eight plates In color photography
and numerous other Illustrations repro
.duclng specimens -from various .public
and private collections. . . • % }
Thomas Hardy's historical drama.
"Trie Dynasts," will be published at
once by ' tKe Ma'cmillan Company.
Though complete in itself, It is designed
.ultimately- to form one of a trilogy, of
which the second play or part will
cover the zenith of Napoleon's power,
and. the third his decline and fall, with
the restoration of equilibrium of the
;61d dynasties.' .The enactments In the
present volume begin .with the threat
ened Invasion of England and end with
the deaths. of Nelson and Pitt and the
stultification. of the "European coalition
by. the triumph of Napoleon, at Aus
-terlitz. • ¦ r * , ¦"¦-..¦ '¦ \. -¦;..-¦ r ¦
"Optimism." the recent book; by Hel
en Keller, published by Messrs. Thomas
Y. "Crowell 4 Co,, is to' be. translated
Into Japanese:. The translator -says
that the essay will prove a great power
among the people of that progressive
nation. If It Is once introduced to them.
The work has had a steadily increasing
sale since its first appearance here, and
is attracting general attention.' r
..The'comuiler of the book hasdrjiwn
his maxims from "•'.' Solomph,- Mnrcu^
Aurellus, Lord .Bacon. La Fontaine and
in fact- every man who ever made a
wise saw about anything; but he has
seen fit. to clothe "the thoughts In' His
own words without' so much as a'
sliver- of compensation" to the wise
ones who gave.. them, coinage. True,
the bookmusj be the result pf' long
endeavor, but not fortunate endeavor.
(Hinds & Noble; New. York. Price
¦11 25.) ¦¦' '., ;' " ;';¦. '- ' ¦ ¦ ;¦•' . ¦ ; ' ¦
•H,enry , Varnum's book j on "charac
ter" Is not a religious work save that
it inculcates' some accepted .religious
doctrines among its precepts. ; It j is,
on the contrary,^ a unique attempt to
formulate a tertbook of moral be
havior to be used as one ' would env
jilo'y Chauvenet's, geometry or a Stats
Series physical geography. One may
turn to lessomnumber three,' part one',
and there learn that ."trifles' lighter
than straws are levers in the upbuild
ing of character." or* thrtt "the "bad
thing- about a little sin is that It will
not stay little." .This is all very
well, but can moral philosophy be
learned-bv rote? . '¦¦:,;,'
There stands the college woman re
vtaitd at last! But does the doctor's
rule apply to the many' who have be-,
come- superannuated at school (j teach
ing arid come to • catch - a. fleeting
>draught from the font pf knowledge, tie
Aaiael calls? V. . • -,
Ktarfully* injurious to the male stu-.
dents is the a> stern, of ,c\>-*fducatlon be
cause they are so distracted from their
rightful paths of duty;*. With these ;ery
unconsciously alluring; "women students
the men are so' apt.tp.be engrossed to
the Entire neglect ¦= of " their,/ studies.
Either that or they are I.oo'rl6hiy inj
poliie:-. Both extremes are hurtful. '
The author becomes" niae. convincing
When '.'he deals with, the physical and
sociological effects of co-educution. By s
the use of statistics he peeks to demon
strate that close application to'therou-,
tine of. the classroom without frequent
rests is injurious to j the \ health of, any,
woman and 1 calculated t&j* >w tha,s:eds
of ¦ life-long misery: '.'.'But g aside from
this the moral effect of .four = years'
study of the higher; learning is delete
rious rather; than -.beneficial.-- thinks the
author. .He believes that it ives the
woman a dangerous egoism and feeling
of. mental superiority [which admits, of
do ultimate aim in life save matrimony
or schocT teaching; a rather dispiriting
outlook certainly. Even in the case of
matrimony the young person whom Dr.
Van-de Warker pictures must find a
man- of ari equally, esthetic tempera
ment or there will be grave trouble.
All in all; it cannot be said that the'
Syracuse school commissioner, laudable
though his Inspiration may. be. has done
more' than to reiterate all the argu
ments which \ have been , adduced upon
the Subject: and; added , some which
would have-been best incorporated in a
book of medicine only.. . " .
'{Grafton Press. New; York.)
,"Cne. of .the most alluring sides of a
•young uorhan,' 8 traits is her fondness
for the society of the other sex. It is
but natural that a college on the most
liberal co-bex plan would attract the
largest 'attendance of young women,
"not '-'from"' any spirit of wrongdoing,
simply in cofnpllan'ce with a physiologi
cal law." ... . " ' .
and the 'selfish directors forced men
and women "Ho be -under '"• the same
iLucUuj, biaff.'. lhis Is very bad, Bays
the author. :/ ' . • V ., . '. ;
But worse yet; these self-same com?
mercially inclined directors have
actually wheedled young ladies into
colleges 'of this Boit in ordfer to pay ex-
Pwnbts :;betier. fc or what? says the
author.
great novelist. More <>£ "the nature" of
allegories.; than wits are 'these,; for*. In
each, t he-author points '.the moral with
characteristic, didactic '• vehemence. .}•",
The story jof ' Esarh'addoriV the cruel"
Persian ' JCing, who is made to suffer
the tortuj-e of his own captjves oy the
power of a prpphet,' reveals
message on the sacredness of -life in
the. following: .. . . : ¦ -" • :
"Have j you .now irnderstood," con
tinued the old man, "thai "Lailie Is you,
and the -warriors you put to death
were you also? You thought life
dwelt in -.you alone, but I have drawn
aside the; veil of the delusion and have
let you see that by doing evil to pthers
you have done it tbiyourself also. Life
is 6he In- them all, and you have in
yourself but /Stportlon of this common
life. And only in that one part of life
that is in you. -can you' rnake.llfe bet
ter or worse-^-can you increase or de
crease it.^ '•' ' '; '•¦'¦.
The second contribution, "Work,
Death and Sickness." Is a legend which
thrf author accredits -to -the South .
American j Indians. ; It - describes the
three means which God has - taken to
make men more kind and brotherly to
each other, and how long they have
been in learning the lessons.
"Only In the very latest times a few
of them have begun to understand that
work ought not to be'a bugbear for
some and like galley-slavery for others,
but Ehould be a common and -happy
occupation, uniting all men."
The third contribution is in th<? man
ner of a folk tale. It begins as follows:
"It once occurred to a certain King
that if he always knew the right time
to begin everything, if he knew who
were the right people to attend to and
whom to avoid, and, above all. if he
always knew what was the most im
portant thing to do, he would never
fail in any of his undertakings."
A hermit ingeniously puts him in the
way of finding the answers for him
self. ¦ ¦¦•¦•¦ . .
And the answers are these:
L There is only one time that Is im
portant—now. It is the most important
time, because it is the only time when
we have any power..
2. The most necessary man is' he with"
whom you are, for no man knows
whether he will ever have dealings
with any one else.
3. And the most Important affair is to
do him good, because for that purpose
alone was man sent Into this life.
(Funk & Wagnalls, Philadelphia;
price, 40 cents.)
PRODIGIES
Iq tJ)e Book World.
OCCASIONALLY it befalls the
reader of many books to • en
counter works which stagger
even his blase sense of critical appre
ciation. They defy classification; svt
at naught all attempts at an alignment
into this or that category: refuse to be
viewed from any of the accepted
standards of esthetic fitness. They are
wild, literary sporta of the sedate
muse which seem to' glory- lu the fact
that they cannot be sriveii the recog
nition of legitimate birth. Such are
"The Federation ,of Religions," by
Rev. Hiram. Vrooman. and "Charac
ter, a Moral Textbook," by Henry
Varnum. . , -
Th« character of. true literature has'
always been conservative. It ,has
rarely admitted ot . the presence of
books which . are . confessedly, self
serving or which bear all the ear
marks of being- revamped from ' old
material. Moreover it is 'especially
chary of books which have any radi
cal religious lesson to teach or -which
lean toward a new and violent scheme
of philosophy. Vrooman's book is
self-serving und of an outre religious
character; Varnum's - is . revamped
from philosophy as old 'as the'ever
lasting hills.
, Rev. Mr. Vrooman, who Is the presi
dent of a society known as the Federa
tion of Religions, has written his book
with an evident view to proselyting.-
In. fact he does not .hesitate to state
that if his propaganda, as expressed
in. his book; seews acceptable < to any
reader, a life membership in the so
ciety may readily be obtained and that
a life privilege to support .the. society
with large or small contributions may
be encompassed wiCh equal facility.
It cannot be said that Rev ; Mr. Vroo- .
man's work rises to. the, breadth and fc
scope of a religious auto-psychic "in
spiration such as that of Mary Baker^
Eddy, but It is published by the same
inspiration as . that . : of . the .' Boston '
seeress. ¦ -.-/- . -i:~.i '-:. "-i ¦ -¦, r, >'
In . following chapters the
peeks to show- what -are actual-.php
nomena .and. what, doctrinal .conclu
sions; how spiritual substance actu
ally^ exists; how tHfc'-mihd Is a mlcrp
cosm, ; .producing effects upon the
emotional self and! how it is able' to
discriminate between spiritual phe
nomena and dogmatic, philosophy. .It
is -, a ' tortuoua maze, this argument ; of
the writer, and when" followed . to' its
conclusion. It cannot be said to be
very illuminating. .
(The Nunc Licet Press, Philadel
phia. Price 75 cents.) '
v The author points, out In *,he begin',
ning that the "Federation of Religions',"
seeks to . drtuv . a; line ot" j demarcation .
between -religious- t ru ths' which are
kr)6wrt*ahd ihbse founded u;»on hls
¦tiJHfc&l-.''¦•5'ssertibri.t .This iminediutuly
tti;rf.^ r H>v.'rtUj\tteneu of his srpciety Into .
therealra ot the scientluc rnd 'ex'luft *s
aH'eleitients of the speculative. \ " 'The'
Federation; of -''Religions.' an it- devel- :
ops," says the . author, "will be quail-,
fi^d/so it would seem, to .brins'tha re
ligious worM into consciousrie'sa of thj*
division and then to organize for the
overthrow of fanaticism, intolerance
and bigotry and for the promotion 4 of.
religious unity those persons or evpry
religious faith and nationality uhii>e
tirst Kense of duty Is to fscta th/\t are
apprehended and whose submission to
church or doctrinal -authority. Is- never
such os to cause disloyalty to what i*
known." - - • ' • - ' • _:.: \
Emerson, upon the other hand. W*o«
berry depicts the pure radical, the
leader In the r*volt for freedom of re
ligious thought,- whose Indifference to>
the views of others was only equal*!
by the adherence to his own. Him he
calls "the gift of Puritanism upon th*
altar of man." To Longfellow he
credits much more of worth than haa
been usually the portion. Patriotism Is
the leading attribute which Woodberry
awards to Longfellow; patriotism and
the bles - * flf t of writing sonfs for
the people.
- When "America In Literature** haa
been read through with understanding
the Impression remains that the author
has covered all the essentials of the
subject in a thoroughly impartial man
ner and presented a vi<-- of our liter
ature which, far from being discour
aging, should elicit all honor for what
has been achieved. Professor Wood
berry's work is a Just tribute to the
worth of those few men of genius whom
we have bad. It points the way to a
national literature more full of promlae.
(Harper Jfc Bros., New York; price
Jl 50.) ; VV-"
Bryant, that flrat of the circle U
New England, poet* whose name haa
grown far too dim to-day, receive*
from the author fulsome meed of praise.
His heritage from Puritanism, hie
primitive liberalism made him, say»
Woodberry. the Druid safe of early
verse. "The bills and ikies of Berk
shire had roofed a temple for him, and
the forest aisled it. and wherever ha
moved he was within the divine pre
cincts. Eternity was always in th*
same room with him. It wm this sen**
of grandeur in nature and man. the
perpetual presence of a coaxnlc mlaUoo
that dignified his verse and mad* Its
large Impression."
."The author gets at the root of things
by, a close study of the dominant in
spiration In the works of Emerson.
Hawthorne, Longfellow and the rest of
the ante-bellum school of brilliant New
England writers. In their respective
works h» finds that it is the 'spirit of
Old World literature, of the classicism
of th* eighteenth or the romanticism of
the early nineteenth centuries which is
finding vent under American forms. H«
f««l« that their* wu a colonial literary
dependence upon th* thought of Eng
lish, Qerman and Trench schools and
eren farther back Into the classics.
America had not then nor haa It now
developed the Inspiration for a pure
American Independence of spirit in lit
erature; such can only be born when
the profound convulsion of thought Is
wrought by some great national crisis
«g> « . greets national movement.
•"They did not slight the American
material in th*lr age," says Woodberry
In defining this dependence of the
•tandard American authors upon Old
World thought, "rather they clung to
It with unhappy tenacity: but their
power to deal with it— and this is a
more important because more compre
hensive debt than any obligation for
theme or atmosphere— they obtained
from their education In the old human
ities. • • * This ancient and rich
literary past was the source of our
artlatio tradition and the seme of its
dignity and predousness wu always
great In the scholars among our wri
ters, and nearly all of them were schol
arly men. They lived habitually In It.
they learned from It, they emulated lti
works. In other words, they had the
academic mind. They were but par
tially naturalized even In the country
In which they were born; they were
sharers In the cosmopolitanism of the
modern world, and it waa forced oa
them by the state V Am/rican cul
ture."
Kot only does Woodberry maintain
that our American literature i» of
grafted stock, but he shows that It*
unfortunate sectional character haa
done much to hinder a full fruition. The
moral and intellectual clefts In national
life have united acalnst a unity ot
spirit which might be productive of a
national literature. The South Is apa
thetic: the West Is yet too busy with
material things; geographical and
racial limitation* maintain everywhere
to the hurt of a unification of thought.
The years alone can overcome these
hindrances to a common ichool of let
ters.
Bryant, Irving, Cooper. Emerson.
Hawthorne. Longfellow. Lowell and
Poe— to these alone will Woodberry ao
cord the honors of literary mastery
To each qt these he devotes a measure
of careful analysis. In each instance he
endeavors to trace' to. Its sources th*
compelling Influence which moved th*
author to write as he did.
GEORGE E. WOODBERRT, pro
fessor* of literature at Columbia
• University,", and established by
hii. many writings , as an author
ity upon American lettert. shows the
high order of his critical skill by th«
Judicial and unbiased view of the worth
of belles lettrfs upon this side of th«
Atlantic, which he expresses in his re
cent book. ."America in Literature."
To the ardent admirer of some Ameri
can masterpieces in the field of litera
ture it ' will . appear that Professor
Woofiberry has been too nigsardly of
his appreciation. Some critics who
have ' come' before with rather f ull
blpwn conceptions of what American
letters . are worth will take exception
to the Columbian professor's estimate.
To the fair-minded student of Ameri
can literature It will appear, however.
¦ that- Woodberry's deductions more
nearly characterize the true esthetic
¦worth of what our writers of a century
have produced than any which have
beenVxpreised.
AMERICA'S
Place in Literature.
The three tales Incorporated in this
book are simply told In the style of the
ity on the part of the great
Russian master writer, for the pro
ceed* of the sales of the book both In
Russia .and in America and England
are to be devoted to the relief fund
for the Jews made destitute by the re
cent massacres at Kishenev and Cornel.
Another evidence is this of Tolstoy's
belief in the unity of all life and the
brothf rhood of man. : ' '-c
— — ¦+¦
ESfJRHflDDON.
Tostoy's Last Work.
ii JHiSARHADDON' AND OTHER
n TALES." from the pen of the
aged Tolstoy, is a labor of char-
A message fraught with portent Is
this query of the Eastern illuminati:
When win Caiifornian literature claim
its place us a distinct school of the
West? Portentous is it because it
or,me«* to us. th* testimony of American
letters to the worth of Caiifornian en
deavor in the realms of the esthetic.
ily to increase. Besides these there are
Oweridolin Overtoil, Frances Charles,
Mary Austin and Geraldine Bonner,
four roir.ea who are compelling the at
tention cf the critic*. Of poets there is
a circle- of young men whose verse has
given- promise* of high things to come—
Charles Keeler, the nature poet; Her
man Scheffaur. whose didactic and
sitirtral poems are of a high order, and
George Sterling, the latest to invoke
the muse with his remarkable "Testi
mony of the Suns."
. The " names of Calif omian writers
which have been upon the lips of liter
ary folk for the few years past have
been many. Though we are prone to
lay claim to the late Frank Norrls as
being a California renlus, his finishing
work at Harvard and subsequent at
tachment to an Eastern publishing
house divides the honor somewhat.
Jack- London, who has been at all times
a Califoraian. vis now the one upon
whom the West fixes its hopes most un
dK-idedly. Since he has broken from
the narrow bounds of Alaska and has
made the world h!s field it would ap
pear that his fame were destined stead-
out here bv the Golden Gate there
are native elements which are born into
the new world of literature such as are
nowhere else extant. First of all there
is the. virile, influence of the new land.
Po near, is the life In our State to the
elemental th'.rips cf a rugged nature,
so'littl? intrusion of the false veneer
of an older civilization has there been
that the strxneth of the primitive,
curbed only by the essence of a sen
tient culture, is ours. In this very
-bluff -a-nd ofttfmes Titanic nature
which surrounds us of the extreme
West there is a powerful Impulse
toward a unique and a forceful element
of «tren(tch in our literature. The deep
significance of the acre upon acre of
fructifying earth, such as Is so power
fully brought out by Norrls In "The
Octopus." the sweep of the splintered
Sierra, the very immenFity of the ever
blue vati'.t of the California n sky —
alliof thp?e forces inherent In the land
must make for a new and trenchant
spirit in literature, the literature of a
Ca'.ifornian school.
The future of California's literature
ran be largely molded by her two great
universit'fs. These two powerful leav
ening forces, exerting as they now do
an inf-uenre over the whole of the State
and beyond, have it within their power
to. foster and lend character to the
nascent school of Western letters. It is
? heir province to become for the Call
fornian circle what Harvard has been
for . the Kew- England salon of writers.
As scon as the universities begin to
make a distinct/effort to give technical
training in the higher realms of esthetic
thought with a view to perfecting talent
in the specialized branches of literary
creation, to soon will there be built tip
around them a circle of young writers
whose efforts will be a reflection of the
university training.
At the present time the University of
California and Stanford have only Just
commenced this policy of practical In
struction for writers. Stanford, which
has set the lead in thi» movement, has
provided courses In both poesy and the
ehort story. In each instance the in
struction follows only after a thorough
grounding In poetics, the history of lit
erature and the analysis of standard
literary forms. In the hands of com
petent instructors these courses for
writers- are made as thorough, as the
ability of the students will permit, and
the results already have been Justified
by the work of some of the univer
sity's 'jrraduates. At the University of
California the adoption of this policy
has been of more recent time. Only
within the last year or so has there
been any attempt to foster talent In the
•hort story, and there are at present no
classes In verse writing. Beyond an ex
cellent training in the values and theo
ries of literature there has been very
little cf close study for practical crea
tion offered.
This admission on the tart of the
jealous Kast^rn arbiters of things'liter
acy may come as a surprise to those
of us her* in th* "West wLo are only
raeaal observers of literary movements,
but to those tlose students who have
kf-pt basMucos stitch upon the growth
of a new spirit of letters out here in
the transir^ur.tain country this word
fr<5m the East has a cheering 8lcnlfl
rance. For l.in# have we of California
recognized that the time of probation
Is past, that the rawness, the newness
born of the brutal days of cold has
now given place to a culture which
cannot be anythinc but of sterling
worth, nurtured as Jt is by the inspira
tion of the cv { r days that arc t?ont.
The spirit of letters is never the pio
neer. It roes not forth to spring up
In exotie growth upon the new border
land of civilization. It comes only after
the rough edges have been smoothed,
the first Quick wealth has been mad*
and the subtle sense of esthetidsm Das
risen above the swav of things ma
terial.
is being born a true California
school of belles lettres. Somewhat
fc'udtfngly they concede that tho spirit
of th<? Far West has begun to make
iiseJf felt ia the rigidly exclusive circles
of the Eastern immortals and that it
>n.so distinctively fresh and invigorat
lj 'ff that American literature is a di«
tiiict jrainer by its infusion. How long.
f*>- thfy. will it be before the Pacific
Coast b^corr.e? the seat of a literature
at once w) characteristic and bo com
pHlinjr as to lay claim to some of the
honors i<n«- so closely puarded by'tha
full in New Krfpland and New York?
JEVERAL writers for Eastern
critical magazines have be«n
; leased to note of late that there
y-THE GROWTH
Of Western Letters.
THE SAN FRANCrSCO, SUNDAY^CALU
7
GRIST OF THE AUTHORS' GRINDINGcaptain- should -have a cabin, but all
hands should be welcome to enter it
when they, chose.' /.
. AH should share arid share alike, save
only the captain, quartermaster, boat
swain, carpenter and master gunner,
who had from a , quarter to a whole
share. extra. He who saw ".'a prize first
8ho V! d v ha - ve the b§8t : weapon taken
ouyof^her. He who boarded. her first
shouldjhave the richest: suit of clothes
:* b ?f?vl °S her -: Every, rinan might treat
.h'fs^own prisoner, be it man or. woman,
aftftrj^his own fashion. If a man
fi In .C»^d, from his gun the quartermas
ter sjjtfiild pistol him: These were some'
of : the rules which the crew of.the.Ruf
:fllhg Harry subscribed to by putting
forty-two crosses at the foot of .; the
paper upon which they had been
drawn. •" ;'. ¦-. ¦ -' .-¦.- '.'.¦.
.^So a n«w. rover, was afloat upon the
seas, and her name before a year was
over became. as, well known as that of
the Happy Delivery.' From the Baha
mas ,to the. Leewards, and f rora* . the
Leewards to , the Windwards, ¦Copley
Banks became the rival of Sharkey arid
the terror of traders. Fora long time
the bark and the brig never met, which
was the more singular, as - the S Ruf
fling Harry was forever looking In at
Sharkey's resorts; but'at last one day,
when she was ' passing down ' the Inlet
of Coxon's Hole. • at the east end ; of
Cuba, with the intention of greening.
there" was the Happy Dell very, with
her blocks and tackle-falls" already
rigged for the same purpose, v •'£ . ¦
Copley Banks fired a shotted -salute
and hoisted the green trumpeter en
sign as the custom was among g*entle
men of the sea. Then he dropped his
boat: and "went aboard.
Captain Sharkey. was not a. man of. ft
genial mood, nor had y he ';¦ any- kindly
sympathy -for "those {Who^were of .the
same trade as 'himself.' ~ Copley' Banks
found • him seated astride 'upon' one of
.the 'after guns, with his,New England
quartermaster, Ned Galloway, . and a
crowd of roaring, standing
about him.*- Yet : none of them .roared
with quite such- assurance when' Shar-.
key's pale, face and v filrnjrblue eyes
were turned. upon \ him/; - ¦'" ' '¦ '""¦ '
- He was in :his shirt ' sleeves/.wl th his
cambric frills' ;breiklng. through , 'his"
open red satin - lofig-flapped -vest. The
scorching sun seemed to have "no power
upon his fleshless.frame.for-hewore a
low fur.cap, as though it had been win
ter. Aj; many-colored band /of. '/silk
passed across hls^bodv and supported
a short, murderousl. sword, while; his
broad, brass-buckled 'belt- was Btuffed
with pistols.. • ' : --- .. "
•"Sink you. for a poacher!", he cried as
Copley Banks- "passed . over, the bul
warks." "I will drub you within an inch
of, your life. .arid; that inch-arso! ' What
mean' you by fishing In my'waterB?^
: Copley* Banks looked at; hlni and ' his
eyes were like those ; of a ; traveler! who
sees his home at. last, v ' "
"I am glad that we are of one "rrilrid."
said* he, "for I am- myself of/ opinion
that . the seas are 'hot " large 'enough • for.
the two of. us, But if you .will take your
sword; -and : pistols and come' upon V a
sand bank with me, then the ; world - will
be* rid - of a damned V villain whichever
way It goes.'! ¦¦; ;; ' •;¦¦:."¦- .¦'::*. "..
."Now; this istalklng!' 1 cried Sharkey,
Jumping. off the Jgun > and V holding out ;
his hand. "I have not' met^. many who
could .look John Sharkey, in; the: eyes'
and : speak with a full Breath.' " May the
devil seize me if I'dq,not choose you as?,
a consort! But if". 1 you play me false)^
then I wlil come aboard' of you and gut'
you upon j your own poop." . " .
-"Arid, I pledge ;y<)u th% same!" 'said jj
Copied Banks, and.'sx)the ; iwo pirates
btcame;sworn> < comrfide8'.tptea.ch other: -
Thatsummer they/went-nQrth as far
asv the Newfoundland'- B'^nlcs. and har
ried the, :New York tradacs^. and:, the
whale ships from New Engia'rfdV It- was
.Copley Banks who captured Kne^lLlyer
pool! ship House' of Harioye^, ohikU ,^s
Sharkey who ¦ fastened her ; mastercUo
the windlass arid : pelted to,d r ea.th
with; empty' claret, bottles. ~s\^i^
.Together they. v engaged the: Klng;S '
"ship Royal Fortune, which had **^>een -
sent In search, "of ; them, and bearlier'off
after a' night action of five' hoi^rs. the, - (
drunken, raving crews ,< fighting naked
in the light of the battle lanterns; with
a .bucket of rum" and; a pannikin laid
by '."the" ta.ckles ; of every gun. -., . They y
ran to Topsail .Inlet, , in North Carolina,
to ; refit, "and {then In: the' spring they
were at^the^ Grand : Calebs,' ready jfor *
a long ; cruise down the West ; Indies. .
r* By this "time Sharkey -and Copley.
Banks' <had 'become ;• very excellent -
friends, f or i Sharkey - loved ii a j whole
hearted villain, and he loved a man of,
mettle, arid ; it seemed to • him " that, the
two met in the captain of -.the; Ruffling
Harry. * It was long before he "gave his -
confidence to - him, . for ' cold ' suspicion f
layjdeep^ In his character.. '•'/Never once
would : he* ; trust; himself outside his own v
ship and away • from .. his ' own ' men.' / :
Copley Banks came often on
b&t4 the.: Happy Delivery and joined
"stfaVkey . .In ttijiy- of ; his '.morose de
bauches,''So .itjktl&jfi&i any misgivings
of the latt^tyfeVftVsetSt rest. He knew
nothing of therfcvir tb'a ; t he had done
to his- new boob' companion, j for . of bis
many victims hoyfjisruld- he remember
the woman-.and the' 'two boys whom he
had slain with" such levity so long ago!
When,' ( th)Erefiore," he received a chal
lenge-to-himself and to his quartermas
ter for \ carouse upon the last evening
of their; stay at the Calcos Bank he saw
no reas'oir to refuse. \ • ...
A well. found passenger ship had been
rifled, the week before, so their fare was
of ..the .'best, and after supper five of
th'em drank deeply together. There
jvere the two captains. Birthmark
Sweetlocks. Ned Galloway and Israel
Martin, thec- old ¦ buccaneersman. To
wait upon them was the dumb steward,
whose head Sharkey split with ' his
glass because he had been too slow in
the filling of It.' "> '••¦.. \ v
The quartermaster had slipped Shar
key's. pistols away from him. for It
was an old Joke with him to fire tk-em
cross-handed under the .'table and -see
who was the. luckiest man. It was a
pleasantry ~w,hlch ha<T cost his boat
swain his -leg. so now. when the table
was cleared, they would coax Sharkey's
weapons away from him, on the excuse
of the heat and lay 'them out of his
reach:
The captain's cabin ( of the "Ruffling
Harry '- was in a deckhouse upon the
poop, and -a stern-chaser gun was
mounted at the back of it. Round shot
were ¦ racked round the wall and three
great hogsheads of powder , made a
stand for dishes and for bottles. In
this grim room the five • pirates sang
"Then it must come out again. Free
man. My mind is made up, and the
Ruffling Harry must go slaving to
Whydah.*'
All argument and persuasion were
vain, so the manager had dolefully to
clear the ship once more.
And then Copley Banks began to
make preparations for his African voy-
Once there came a man who had been
•mate of a Gulneaman and who had es
caped from the pirate's hands. He
.cnuld not *r*ak for reasons which
Bhar!rey could best supply — but he
could write, and he did write, to the
*v«ry great Interest of Copley Banks.
•For hosrs they sat together over the
"map. and the dumb man pointed here
and to outlying reefs and tor
tuous inlets, while his companion sat
smoking In silence, with his unvarying
face and his fiery eyes.
One morning, some two years after
his misfortune. Copley Banks strode
Into his own office with his old air of
energy and alertness. The manager
stared at him in surprise, for it was
months since he had shown any inter
eat In business.
'.'Good morning. Mr. Banks!" eald he.
"Good morning. Freeman. I see
the Ruffling Harry is in the bay." "
"Yes. sir; she clears for the Wind
ward Islands on Wednesday."
"I have other plans for her. Free
man. I have determined upon a slav
ing venture to Whydah.** ¦'-.
"But her cargo is ready, sir."
Copley Banks said little when he
heard the news, but he sank into a
naorose and enduring melancholy. "He
neglected his business, avoided his
friends and spent"- much of his time
in the low taverns of the fishermen and
seamen. There, amid riot and devilry,
he sat silently puffing at his pipe, with
a f$e't face and a smoldering eye. . It
was ee.nerally supposed that his mis
fortunes had r" '-en his wits, and his
<?ld friends looked at hlna askance, for
the company he kept was enough to bar
him from honest men. '•;»;
From time to time there came ru
tnors of Sharkey over the sea. Some-;'
times It was from some schooner which'
had seen a great flame upon the hor
izon and approaching to offer .help to
the turning ship had fled away at the
«lght of the sleek, black bark. lurk-.
Ing like a wolf near a mangled sheep.
Sometimes it was a frightened trader,
which had come tearing in with, her
canvas curved like a lady's bodice, be
cause che had - n a patched for««top
eait rising slowly above the violet wa
ter Jice. Sometimes it was from a
cocster. which had found a waterless
Bahama city littered with sun-dried
hodles.
There w*»re many men. both among
the islands and on the main, who had
a blood feud with Sharkey. but not
one who ha<1 suffered . more bitterly
than Copley Banks of Kingston. Banks
hsd been one of the leading sugar mer
chants of the Wesjt Indies.; He was
a man of jjosition. a member of the
Council, the husband of a ¦ Percival
and th« cousin of the Governor of Vir
gin-ia. -.His two sons had been sent to
London to be educated, and their moth
er had gone .over to bring them back.
On their return voyage the ship, the
Duchess of Cornwall, fell Into the hands
of'Sharkev. and the whole family met
with -an infamous death.
But there came a day when the fleets
ef th« Buccaneers no longer mustered
at the Tortugas, and the solitary and
outlawed pirate took their place. Yet
•ven with him the tradition of restraint
and of discipline Bt«l lingered, and
among the early pirates-, -the Avorys.
the Englands and the Robertses, there
remalnwj come respect for human sen
timent. They., were more dangerous to
the merchant than to the pea man.
But they In turn were replaced by
more savage and desperate men, who
frankly recognized thatthjfty would get
no quarter In their inar with the human
race and who swore they would irive as
little as they got. . Of- their histories we
lenow little that is trustworthy. They
wrote no memoirs and left no trace
save an occasional blackened and
bloodstainei derelict adrift upon the
face of the Atlantic Their deeds could
oniy be surmised 'from the long roll of
enlps which ijever niade their report.
Searching the records of history it is
enly here and there in an old-world
trial that the veil that shrouds them
•ecrns for an instant to be lifted, and
we catch a glimpse of some amazing
land grotesque -brutality behind. Such
was the breed of Ned Low of Gow, the
Scotchman and of the infamous Shar
key, whose coal-black bark, the
Happy Delivery, was known from the
Newfoundland Banks to the mouths of
the Orinoco as the dark forerunner of
misery and' of death.
\ pHE Buccaneers were something
¦ ' I higher than a mere band of ma-
I rauders. They were a floating re-
I public, with laws, usages and dis
cipline of their own.,. In their
•ndless and remorseless quarrel with
the Spaniards they had some sem
blance of right upon their side. Their
bloody harryings of the cities. of the
l£aln were not more barbarous than tho
inroads of Spain upon the Netherlands,
or upon the Caribs in these same* Amer
ican lands.
(Copyright by A. Conan Doyle.)
Officers were elected and the limits
of their authority fixed. Cop!ey" BanLs
was chosen captain, but as" there are no
mates upon a' pirate craft Birthmark
Sweetlocks became quartermaster and
Israel Martin the boatswain. There
was no difficulty in knowing what was
the custom of the brotherhood, for half'
the men, at least., had ¦ served upon
pirates before. Food should be the
same for all, and no man should Inter
fere with another man's drink!- The
So at one- in. the morning Major Har
vey, with a 'laiinchfuj^of his soldiers,
paid *a iu'rpxi*e. vlsitClo the Ruffling
Harry, with" the -result that they picked
up'rnothing rriof ef..splld ¦ tha'n A. hempen
cable floating at the moorings. It had
been flipped by the. brig, whose. owner
had sVented- danger,: V She had already,
passed "the^~Palisade>; -and was beating
out agalnstrthe. northeast -.trades on a'
course for thV Windward Passage. •
When upon-ttie -next morning the brig
had left. .Morant'jgolnt.:av.i>iere haze
upon tb« ; eouthVVn; horizon the men
were called aft and. Copley Banks re
vealed his plans ¦ •• to ' them. He had
chosen them, he said, as brisk boys
and lads of ' spirit, who. would rather,
run some risk upon the sea than -starve
for a living upon the shored king's
ships were" few and wea-kv^and .theyii'
could master any trader who mighty
come thelr'way. Others had done-- w£lt'
at the business, and'.wlth a.haday,OTeij-
found vessel, there "was. no jreaaoii.why
they should not turn their tarry; jacket i
Into velvet coats. If .'they fjweire --preii
pared to sail under the' -H£cTtr flag the*
was ready to command themj. fbot^If
any wished to withdraw they'Jmigjnt"
have the gig and row back to'Jamaf^a>
Four men out of slx-and-forty 'asked'
for their discharge, went over the ship's
side Into the boat and rowed' away
amid the Jeers and bowlings .of the
crew. The rest assembled aft and drew
up the articles of their association; ";a
square of black tarpaulin had the white
skull palntedupon it and was hoisted
amid cheering at the main. •-¦: •-•'/¦
"Well,' Major Harvey," said he, "I
am '.vastly sorry to do anything which
may offend my friend, Copley Banks,
for many a lime have my knees been
under .his mahd'gany, but in face of
what you say there Is no choice for me
but to ' order you to -board the vessel
and to satisfy yourself as to her char
acter and destination."
"What do vou suspect?" asked the
Governor, who was a slow wltted man,
broken down with fevers and port wine.
"I susDect." said the soldier, "that it
is Stede Bonnet over again."
Now Stede Bonnet was a planter of
hieh reputation and religious charac
ter, who. from some sudden and over
powering frefhet wildness in his
blood, had given up everything In order
to start off pirating in the Caribbean
Sea. The example was a recent one.
and U h3d caused the utmost conster
nation in the Islands. Governors had
bef/i^e now b-an accused of being In
league with pirates and of receiving
commissions upon their plunder, so that
any : want of vigilance was open to a
sinister? construction.
These dolnjrs were 'not unnoticed, nor
yet uncommemed upcm irl the -towjr:«f
Kingston. The commandant of the
troops. Major Harvey of the artillery,
— made serious representations to" the
Governor.
'She is not a trader, but a small war
ship," said he. , "J.th'nk it would be as
we!l to arre:-t Cop!ey Bank^ a. d tu seizs
the vessel."
The crew was chosen from among
lbce<> whom Banks had met and known
in their own Infamous ha.unts. and his
own table steward was a haggard faced
man who gobbled at you when lie tried
to talk. His beard had been shaved,
and it was Impossible to recognize him
as the same man whom Sharkey had
placed under the knife, and who had
escaped to tell his experiences to Cop
ley Banks.
There was Birthmark Sweetlocks.
who was known to have been present
at the killing of the logwood cutters,
so that his hideous scarlet disfigure
ment was put down by the fanciful as
being a red afterglow from that great
crime. He was first mate, and under
him was Israel Martin, a little sun
wilted fellow who had served with
Howell navies at the taking of Cape
Coast Castle.
ar*. It appeared that he relied upon
force rather than barter for the filling
of his hold, for he carried none of those
showy trinkets which ravages love, but
the brig Was fitted with eight nlne
pounder guns. and racks full of mus
kets and cutlasses. The after sailroom
next the cabin was transformed into a
powder >magazlne. and .she. carried as
many round shot as a well found priva
teer. Water and provisions were ship
ped for^ a long voyage. -
But the preparation of his ship's com
pany was most surprising. . ,It made,,
Freerjsan. the manager. - realize ? T th'a't*/
there -was truth in the rumor that his"
master had taken leave of his senses.
For, under one pretext or another, he
began to dismiss the old and tried
hands who had served the firm for
years and In their place he embarked
tb> scum of the port — men whose repu
tations were so vile that the lowest
crimp would have been ashamed to fur
nish them.
and roared and drank. whl&the «U«f
steward still filled up their glasses ana
passed the box and the candle round
for their tobacco pipes/ Hour after
hour the talk became fouler, the voices
hoarier, the curses and shoutings more
Incoherent, until three of the five had
closed their bloodshot eyes and dropped
their swimming heads upon the table.
Copley Banks and Sharkey were left
face to face, the one because he had
drunk the least, the Other because no
amount of llauor would ever shake his
Iron nerve or warm his sluggish blood.
Behind him stood the watchful ., stew
ard, forever filling up his waning glass.
From without came the low lapping of
the tide, and from over the water a
sailor's chanty from the bark.
Copley Banks glanced at the steward,
and the man took a. coll of rope trota
the shotrack" behind him.
"Captain Sharkey," said Copl«T
Banks, "do you remember the Dttchea*
of Cornwall, hailing from London,
which you took and sank three years
(ago off the Statlra Shoal?"
. "Curse me ir I can bear their name*
.in mind," said Sharkey. rW» did a*
many as ten ships a week about that
time."
"There were a mother and two sons
among the passengers. Maybe that will
bring it back to your mind."
'; Captain Sharkey leaned back In
thought, with his huge thin beak of ft
nose jutting upward. Then he burst
suddenly into a high treble, neighing
; laugh. He remembered It, he said, and
he aidded details to prove It.
'.- "BXifburn me If It had not slipped
from my mind!", he cried. "How cam*
you. to think of it?"
- "It was of interest to me," said Cop
ley Banks, "for the woman was my
wife and the lads were my only sons."
Sharkey stared across at his compan
ion: and saw that the smoldering flra
whic.h. lurked always in his eyes had
btifnejl up into a lurid flame. He read
•their and he clapped his hands
to his. empty belt. Then he turned to
seize a •weapon*; but the bight of a rope
was cast around him and in an Instant
his arms were bound to his side. H«
fought like a wildcat and screamed for
help. * : >' (
>. "Ned!" he yelted. "Ned! "Wake up!
-Here a damned villainy! Help, Ned.
belp|V> .;-.'¦ M
V- But. the three men were far too deep
ly surtk, in their swinish sleep for any
voice to wake- thefn. . Hvand and round
¦went the . rope; until Sharkey was
swathed like a.miinimy from ankle to
.neck. They propped him stiff and help
less against a nowder barrel, and they
.Bagged .him with a handkerchief, but
his/fllniyy.cedfdmmed/eyes still looked
curses at : them; «Thie f dumb man chat
tered in his\ exultation, and Sharkey
winced, for. the first, time when he saw
the empty mouth before him. He un
derstood that vengeance, slow and pa
vt*enW-;\hadv ,d«ffgs§v v , him long and
¦ clutched; jirm 'jrfJlaiij^f
.TVyh* tyiKj-caiitcft-snad their plans all
tfVran'ged,? and they were somewhat
elaborate. ' - /
First of all they stove the heads of
two;.of the great powder barrels, and
they heaped the contents out upon the
table and floor. • They piled It around
and under the thre'e, drunken men, un
til each! sprawled. In? a heap of It. Then
they: tarried Sharkey to the gun and
they, .triced- him si (tine over the port
hole, with, his .body about a foot from
themuzxle. vWriSRle as he would ha
could not move an! inch either to right
or left; and $e dujnb man trussed him
up with' a sailor's cunning, go that
there -was 'no ¦'chance that he should
work'-free. ' " rj£~>.
- V'Ndw, yoju. blopay devil," Eald Cop
ley Banks, softly., "you must listen to
what -I hav.e> -t^,*say to you, for they
are the las.t. words that you will hear.
¦ YoiXi ar*>-,my' man now, and I have
bought you; at a price, for I have given
all that a/ man can give here below,
and I have, given my soul as well
"To reach "• you I have had to sink
to your levet*- For two years I strove
against it, hoping that some other way
might- corned but I learned that there
¦Was no other way. I've robbed and I
have murjjered— worse still. I have
laughed and lived with you— and all
for, -.the one end. And now my time
has come, and you will die as I would
have you die. seeing the shadow creep
ing slowly upon you and the devil wait-
Ing for you in the shadow."
Sharkey could hear the hoarse voices
of his rovers singing their chanty over
the water. ,
The words came clear to his ear, and
Just outside he could hear two men
pacing backward and forward upon
the deck. And yet he was helpless,
staring down the mouth of the nine
pounder, unable to move an Inch or
to utter so much as a groan.'
To the dying pirate the Jovial words
and rollicking tune made his own fate
seem- the harsher. , but there was no
softening in his venomous blue eyes.
Copies Banks had brushed away th»
priming of the gun and had sprinkled
fresh powder over the touchhole. Then
he had taken up the candle .and cut
it to the length of about an inch. This
he placed upon the loose powder at the
breach of the gun. Then he scattered
powder thickly over the floor beneath,
so that when the candle fell at the
recoil -it must explode the huge pil«
In which the, three drunkards were
' wallowing. "
"You've made others look death in
the face, Sharkey." said he; "now it
ha*. come to be your own turn. Yyu
and these-swlne here shall go together!"
He lit the candle end as he spoke, and
blew out the other lights upon the table.
Then he passed out with the dumb maa
and locked the cabin door upon the
outer side. But before he closed it
he took an exultant look backward and
received one last curse from those un
conquerable eyes. In. the single dim
circle of light that Ivory-white face.
wHhithe gleam of moisture upon the
high, bald • forehead, was the last that
.was. ever seen of Sharkey. (
There was a skiff alongside, and In It
Copley Banks and the dumb steward
made their way to the beach and looked
back upon the brig riding In the moon
light just outside the shadow of the
palm trees. They waited and waited,
watching that dim light wh!ch shon«
through the stern, port. And then at
last there came the dull thud of a gun.
and an Instant later the shattering
crash of the explosion. The long, sleek,
black bark, the sweep of white sand
and the fringe of noddlnsr. feathery
palm trees sprang Into dazzling light
and back into darkness again. Voices
screamed and called upon the bay.
Then Copley Banks, his heart singing
within- him. touched his .companion
upon the shoulder. . and they plunged
together Into the lonely Jungle of tha
Calcoa. .
THE 5AN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALEL
COPLEY BANKS SLEW
CAPTAIN SHARKEY
8no_textThe ..Treatment of -the Hat.
; '.'The most important part of a hat is
the; brim," said a milliner the * other
day. "Let. me. trim the ( Drlm Just as I
"please and I will letTany one at all trim
thefcrowh of the hat-'Vu " ''*-,-
s This milliner, : ' who is ¦ noted '' fbrV the
wonderfully; fashionable hats .which she
turns out and' whose cheapest 'creation
is a hat costing 540, • has for ; a* whole
season past made a" study of : her ' hat
brims. ."< .¦¦'. ; - : ..' i ; ; : ¦ _ .:""
"The day has "passed," - said she;
"when a- milliner can "neglect the brim.
The brim Is now the most Important
part of the hat. as "it deserves to 5 be.
It is wide and. If 'well treated,', it, forms
the necessary frame for. the ' face. •: If
badly treated, It I makes the face j look
ugly.. ; " . . . ¦'. :. .- ¦¦¦:¦' .¦ j •;.•
"Milliners did not. realize -how. neces
sary this correct treatment of . the i hat
brim was. to the beauty of the hatTBii't
now they are coming to see that, unless
the brim is rightly trimmed, the hat
will not be a : success.
"And is this not very reasonable, for,'
with the picture styles that : are now
Wearing monocles,. the latest fashion
for ladies, a erase, recently '-started- Im
Paris by ladie'a of the Servian colony,
is extending to London- ' " ' -
soon as you do" this It' will nt.v a stiff
look. Rather arrange it easily/and
gracefully and rely upon the buckle to
hold it in place. / '. *
"Never on any consideration sew. a
veil flat," said she, "but pin It. You
can pin" it. effectively) -,but you* t can
never, in all the world," sew. It effect
ively. A pin here and a pin ; there is all
a light, blowy vellj should ever have."
The* Pretty Girl's Streamers.
"There will 'always be streamers of
one kind or another, ; f or, x the • * streamer
idea has caught' the", fancy. It may be
no more than/a" floating .feather, - or it
may be long, wide 'ribbon streamers.
But there' they must hang. at. the back
of. the ;;h_at or at "the . side." So de
clared a'milliner. whose - windows are
gorgeousjat: this" time of year.; Nearly
a ll J of *her .hats .- ' were : . supplied .• with
; st F e ?- m * i:s » which hung as a finishing
L to . u ? h at . the v back of .the head. : Some
• we r e , oC ' satin fined with" a different
i co j6r. Other, hatS;had 'streamers' of rib
rbori with a knot tied in the' end of 'each
ribbbn,^'and ' there'; were: half a; dozen
of;. these streamers, eacfi'abbut an" inch
..wide., ."-'•¦ \ . "..• ; '/.- -.' '--"¦¦¦';. ¦.'
At the .Very next window, that 5 of an
equally, fashionable milliner/ there was
not ;a^ ribbon or fa satin streamer to be
seen./':, But, j-^bn 'the-'ebntrary, ,the hats
were^finished ground and; neat in the
compact^ondon -style.' rrhese hats were
trimmed with .twists br spring mate
rials " and • were' ,; : finished \ with stiff
plumesiv With little "ambitious cockades
and^ith^tufts; of ribbon and of velvet
made Intoj great ' handsome choux.
. The ¦« London 'hat styles of this time
of year c show 'such yernartness that it
Is worth-while to pause and study them
They are- of what is called *' here the
r^'ady-to-wear variety, and the trira
mipgefs laid on with a; precision tnat
Is the admiration of of^the amateur.
Coarse net, of the kind that will
stand the weather and with a> heavy
gloss, makes an .Rll-the-year-round'hat
trimming and is used in all colors to
trim headgear. Net is taken In a
shade of brown and is reinforced with
a. silk lining: and is then twisted
around. the crown of the hat and
brought up at one side in a big. fancy
chou. This is finished , with V a stiff
cockade of brown. The hat brim of a
London hat of this description is lat
ticed with brown and green, or Avith
brown and white. „-
But. do not attempt, oh;, amateur, to
make a London hat unless you are
very sure of yourself, fdr. you ". will
surely come to grief. It cannot be ac
complished by any one who is not well
skilled in the milllriery art andit is
not a safe .thing for the. woman who
miadle'of the center, m the very heart
of the roses," there .was a little pink,
shell ornament sewed fast. ''
"Painting, embroidery and mock Jew-"
els are all used in the treatment of lace
besides a , great many other materials."
And the milliner who is famed | for
her hat brims picked up a sable tail
and proceeded to apply it to the brim.
She arranged it so that one little end
hung down. Then she applied an- #
other tail, letting" an end hang down.
Then she applied: another tail, letting :
another. furry end. hang down; and so
,she went all the way around the hat,
making aV becoming little border.
Triinminjf the Blowy Hat of Spring.
¦ They j have : a new,, way ' of trimming
the': hat of spring .which is ordinarily *
trimmed with a veil. The* veil is used,
but the hat is not draped with it in
the usual fashion; On the contrary,
the veil, .which is a big one, is wound,
around ' the ; crown and '-run.'- through.*
the buckles, and is pinned at the back
with a flat buckle. The ends? now;
hang down. / Veils of all kinds V and \
all colors are used for this?; purpose^
and hats of every description- are -.so*.
trimmed. | *- " -'¦;* ,." .
And. here .'comes in a chance ''.'¦tor}
very artistic . work! Hats v are trim- '
med with veils ¦> .which ; are embroid-""'
ered .In colors.'! For i the winter there
/are holly /and .' evergreen', veils which.
• are, worn .while .the cold weather lasts.
Then comeV. the^^ vViblet v embrbldered ;
veils 'and jthe yeiisTthat haveAbbrders
of button 'rose's/ .*' As f long | as^yeils . a"re
used : for ; hat trimmings they?tvlir^be
as^ beautifully decorated * as
and . any amount of work { will^be v - put *
¦ upon" tliem. '"Not ,only aire^thejf :^,:. enj- \
.broldered, but lace is" ihs'etJ;Ahd^ there?
I are {veils', that "sell ¦ for\ upward;bf l50, y ',
love ly\' things^ that can be worn from';
*y x ear^"ito"; year* and saved rai heirloojaris ;
afterward. , ', ;> >; ¦' \ '?'£¦ -v^
A'.hat" trimmed, with a'veil. can* ?be'
very^: easily made, for it needs noth
ing; more than -the' veil. , a -little skill
in -drapery . : and - a, handsome" pin for
) the -back. ; ;t A brush .can ; stand sharply
' at^'ohei side if j desired.""-^* ;^ .•
Butdo not, if, you are using *a veil
drapery, make the mistake, of employ
ing sonieold veiling that is left in the
house; unless v you, understand the art
of -redressing' it and restiffeninff," for
it must^'be' a very, smart'affair. or it
will look dovidy. from its point of van
tage, on top of your head.* Jets, sil
ver, arun .metal and turaubise buckles
are. 'all" used for the back.
- "Drape your veil as though you were
laying; a, piece of ; cotton around.:. the
brim," : cautioned a milliner to one of
her- trimmers. • "Don't pull r > the veil
¦ tight and don't stitch r It flat,, for as
.we vogue, ..theVorimvor the hat is very ,
large? In some cases it is 'immense and
there Is' a Washington picture: hat as
large as a washtub.* iThe. brim curves .
slightly -vup ward ¦] all the way around,
and; one, side Is lifted ; to; imitated the c
GalMb6rough>ogue"wlthoutjthe Gains
borough; tilt, -but with more style and
dash. ¦ '-'.i ¦' .[. V , \ ••'.;-. .¦.."¦• .•>•!-•"',"!
• "With' a hat' brim; like this Vto ; .work
upon; a milliner has a fine. field. for her;
endeavor.,/ She ; can } apply L it? with; lace ; v
fl gfires; * she" can' bind the .edge with; a j
shirring. of velvet- and she^can attach a
bunch* of 'ostrich feathers "underneath.
This ¦ gives her ~\ sufficient treatment for
..the funded side, of f th"e;brim. r ~ '
. '•: "As ¦ for, the : upper -part, : it * is hand
somest painted or embroidered/if it be :
a dress hat,; PgintedJace Is not experi- >
, slye -and \ nothing ' could } be '¦¦ more^ effec
tive. '^Embroidered; 'lace "is something
.within the j re'achVof, 1 nearly. ; every ' one "
and it is'^lovely/;, '. Lace /.that is treated
to any kind of hand "decoration becomes,',
all 'at'once, two? or..! three times as wal- f
uablej as well as two or three tlme's'as
pretty. v :,:Vv ; .. . ¦' \- ir , '¦,-': ; "v ; > V i -"'
; "A ; hat brim which; was^berit. down
ward . at the back i was :• pamted with a
bunch of ; roses. . "Th'e^. centers of the
roses were embroidered and, ; in . the
is stretched the lace, which can be
coarse or fine. The heavy Irish lace is
used with its great raised grape pat
tern, or the very fine and pretty filet
laces, or the more delicate French laces.
It really maktes^ little difference what
kind of lace Is. used.
, "Give me an interesting lace," said a
milliner,. "and I do not care what its
expense may bei rlt can be a very cheap
lace for all I require. Results are ob
tained 1 with interesting lace>. but not
with stupid. laces." ..,-;.
An" "interesting", lace Is, one that has
a nice figure outlined; upon .It— -a, lace
which will admit of study, a picture
lace! If the lace is of a sort 'which will
allow the * lacy, figures to be cut out,
so much the better, for the figures can
be used, to much.better. advantage when
they "are cut out.' ~ ¦-!:; _
The Picture Laces for Hats.
And speaking 6f picture laces, these
are now the vogue. Laces wlth ; Rus
sian animals, trees and odd little stunt
ed shrubbery are made. And there are
picture laces, which actually show lit
tle Swiss houses and tiny "Alpine
scenes. These are for -;the "most part
made to order and are, the" property, of
the select few. who ,can have their, laces
designed for them. SSSm^^^t
The most striking .'picture ; laces
among the cheap laces are^the fruit and
flower laces. Grapes that stand out as
prominently as though they; were) the
real article can be purchased life size
for the trimming of the crown,' or, the
under brim of a hat. And small fruits
of all kinds are jflso purchasable \ in
lacy form to be cut out of one kind of
lace and applied to another.
That is the way with the picture
laces. No matter how brilliantly they
maybe executed, they. are cut out of
thftr natural positions, and taken away
from their own foundations to be ap
plied to lace of an entirely different
sort.
They are now weaving lace flowers in
detached pieces all ready to 'be applied
to the brims of hats and the fronts of
waists. And they are beginning to
make little lacy designs for the same
purpose, not on the flower order, but
in circles, squares « and ovals. These
can be found in very delicate patterns,
with mother-of-pearl scales, and they
also come with colored stitches -worked
P1ETTT Miss Grey of Paris, who
boasts of her direct descent
from Lady Jane Grey, is wear
ing a hat with a high square
crown. It is all black with a
Mac« velvet crown, a black lace brim
a;i<* ,-i black chiffon chou at the side.
A^.d still more ' lack. For, flat upon
the t^p; there lay a. long black os
tingh feather which extended over the
e<ipre of the crown and' curled down
ov»r the ear. It was. nearly half a
yvd long and the hat complete, feath
er and all, might have cost something
like *4» in American money on this
>i<1e of the water. To say that it made
a very rkh effective ornament for the
jetting off of Miss Grey's fair beauty
in very inadequately describing it
As tone month draws to a close, and
another, month comes in, . slight
changes-are sure to take place and
one of the most noticeable is to be ob
served in " the lightening of the hats
of. the. winter. Where dark richness
reigned there is now a lighter tone,
none the less expensive, but • more
<?heer*ul in aspect, though it can be
said that at no time were the winter
hats gloomy, for it is the style of the
winter to wear violets, roses and all
sorts of flow rs and.*" set them in the
diflst .of chiffons. *tel satins, 'and
"bright panne materials.
. And there is another odd feature of
the .winter hats, namely, the combin
ing' of feathers and flowers. And
while ihis style continues there can
Be no complaint on the score of, the
darkness and dullness of the winter
hats. Gioom is positively driven
away by a sight of their floral gayety.
But, as the winter season changes
Into" early spring there Is a certain
delicacy, almost indefinable, yet none
the less there to be observed in. the
new hats.
, A hat which was worn by a plump
faced brunette beauty was intended
as a midwinter hat, a go-between, a
middle course twixt the pale floral
hats of midsummer and the heavy hats
of December.
„• It- was built, as so many hats are,
upon a foundation of wire. The brim
was covered with shirred chiffon, which
was put on over taffeta, all in creamy
white. X'nder one side of the brim
there were draped four large, creamy
ostrich feathers, which fell over the
hair -and ear right down upon the
«hould*er.
.The top of the hat, the crown, was
JcoVereo" with little white flowers, and at
short Intervals there were little sable
tails, which were twisted in through the
flowers. The tails in their dusky black
ness formed a sharp contrast to the lit
tle whUe flowers, while the creamy
Chiffon-, brim and the creamy ostrich
Seathers finished a picture which was
complete in every detail.
Thfe Recipe for a French Hat.
. A French milliner on being asked
how to make a haft replied: "Give roe a
Jjitge wire" frame and a handful of ma
terials and I will make you a hat."
With eft fingers she would shape
the wire frame until It was suited to
the fashion. She would lift it a very
little at one side and slope the brim
slightly, upward all the way around.
Perhaps she would take the back and
natten it and turn it down so that It
lay sharply upon the hair. Then, as a
finishing stroke to the shape, she would
give it a Gainsborough touch by set
ting a bandeau under one side so as to
produce the great sweeping curve. - -
Then would come her triumph of art,
the combining of the materials into
something a la mode. The brim needs
to be facfd inside, and for this the pret
tiest of materials are needed. A bit of
lace stretched flat over a taffeta foun
dation makes a very handsome hat fac
ing, and rome of the prettiest hats are
fa<-v<* >n *Vr i^jrinf.»-; Vf^n White taf
;• iii vila b<_ »^u, uud ovci " the Uirfeia
is dealing wtth cheap materials. It
taken g«>«d stuff and a skillful hand
and a very neat frame to turn-out a
London hat as it should be turned ouL
How to Use Ostrich Feathers.
Ostrich feathers accumulate in the
house and when yo'u come t'o get out
your stock you . usually find 'thSttyjou
have a goodly array. ''Th'ere/ar^lit
tle tips ,bf all colors, and," not" infre
quently; one finds, oblong plume- which
has. outlived its day and has been put
aTjay 1 to rest. /. . - .. *
' . They are taking " all /such
and washing them in soap and water
and shaking them dry /in front ";of a
fire.. This,"- if the feathers be '.well
washed -and % rinsed, will restore -the
curl If- the .feather, be. a good one. It
j- ~.r\ w tak»n. in* its light, fluffy state,
and Is used. for the under side of the
hut, or for the top, or, indeed, for tha
back or .any, other .part, for ; it would
be difficult to find a place upon a hat
which cannot be treated to a feather
or two. • . • •, . . '. ' ,.. '•
If there are tips- enough a ? pretty
trimming, is made by arranging them
around the brim of a hat, or around the
crown ¦ In a \ little . cjrele, with, the tips
"of 'the feathers .falling forward.;. This
can be done with the most charming re
sults: if the feathers be in blue, and
white.' A little circle of blue and whit*
feathers can be set around ¦ a '¦ crown
and if the feathers alternate a most
pleasing effect. is produced upon a hat
that is all black or a hat that la all
white. • ¦¦ / '¦"'¦'AS'- ¦> -¦ •
There is less of the up-curllnj ten
dency and a great daal more of th»
flattening ;. treatment as far ¦ ail isath
ers are concerned. Instead of draping
your* feather around the crown of your
hat, you are advised to lay It flat In
such a manner that the end of th«
feather will curl over "> hair.
Will the Flat Hat Remain? ;
The question of the flat hat la on*
that is ever under discussion. ' Whether
It will be revived, or whether even that
which remain* of It's flatness will go
out of style. There are a few flat hats,
but none are now found of, the abso
lutely pancake variety. All -'are 'lifted
one side.. or in the front, which ,1s .by
far the most popular style of falL .
In fact. It is a summer that wfil g»
hard with people jvho cannot wear-th*
hat lifted off the face, and there are
thousands that cannot. Many women
suffer almost a total loss of good looks
by the Uf ting. of the hi. t brim In the
front, while the hat that seta back
from the face and brings out the fea
tures in prominence is a hat whtch ab
solutely forces a woman to admit every
year of her age. . • ¦
Those who cannot adopt this style
have a great variety of shapes open
to them, for there are hats .now.: to fit
all types of beauty. < There are hats
.that tilt, at. one side, while the other
has a sweeping brim, and there are
hats with high square' . crown \ sur
? rounded by a brim which is almost
romantic in -its convolutions. Do not
despair, too matter how ugly you may
be in feature; for you can surely find
a hat that will just suit your type.
"And, when you find the right kind, it
may-- transform you from a plain
woman into a pretty one. Who knows?
"I have made. many a beauty.'*, «a id
a milliner, smiling o romoTacent smP*.
"and the end is not yeL Two women
are to visit me to-day to be fitted with
¦picture hats. And I am- fairly nervous
over the prospect, for. they are ; ' Jons:
and lean and have, hatchet faces. Yet
IshalKbe euuul to the task."
And this only goes to proves that If.
the. coat makes the m:m, the ; hat, no
less, ¦ makes the woman. - - •
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL:
in j. 'through tnem, ana they are", rouna
with jeweled applications;* and '"really
marvelous .chenille - ana /velvet and
ellken mixtures. -
HATS FOR FEBRUARY
10•very, thinks . of •¦ buying th* regulation
ones at shops any more. ,
['.' What i won't - the world , pay • for *x
clusiveness?^ It "doesn't care .»' fig If
the bill. mounts into the cold thousands
as long as no one else has the great
privilege of •saying,' **No one but Mrs.
So r and-So haa this pattern." , It wants
to say, "This wua made for me and I»
the only one in existence," and dealer*
in tapestries and wall hanging; of all
kinds are/ catering to . this whim, and
the variety* of beautiful and Inexpen
sive fabrics are almost endless and so
much , In vogu* that on* can scarcely
afford to be without them.
FEW people ruiry comprehend* the
variety and qualntness, the re
finement and general charm that
fabrics have in furnishing a
home In this age and generation.
"Without them the house appears dull
and uninteresting; with them there Is
all the difference In the world, and the
•Jl-absorblng question these days is.
••how, when anBTwhere to use them.**
- In solid, substantial homes the colo
nial period Is quite the rage: and well It
may be, for there is nothing that is
more of a comfort than ' good, old ma
hogany and the warm colors that seem
to be such a part of its appointments. .
For some untold reason the word
"colonial" calls up visions of horsehair
furniture, .warming pans and rag car
pets, and they were . all right in their
place; but they were seldom if ever
found in the homes of people of means
excepting in their most modest apart
ments. Everything was much more apt
to be of the most elaborate quality, and
when one stops to think that the men
¦were in the habit of wearing satin
knickerbockers,- lace frills and curled
hair one wonders Just why. their Ideas
were so vastly different concerning
their homes. -Rag "carpets .were all well
enough, but they didn't prevent the use
of rich Oriental rugs and all the.hand
some necessaries that go with them. .'
Stripes, blocks, r squares, diagonals
and variations in satins, serge . and
plain weaves were most , seen, and : a
¦mall • change^ was- obtained by "the
texture of the yarn\used and by hand
embroideries employed. Generally in'
woven Btuffs the figures were small and
simple, and- as almost all of, the fur
niture was in a highly, polished mahog
any the fabrics were invariably dull
and lusterless in order to show a great
er contrast. ' Large figures were used
to some extent, as they are employed
nowadays, but they were inever made
In woolen 'goods, rather , In cottons;
English; Chinese or Indian, and the big
figures, block printed, full of ; bird life
and flowers « all in the most gorgeous
colorings, t became wonderfully popular
for a, time. ... ¦-}.'> " : : _ - -\-y >J
There is the neatest little figure (No.
2) in blue. and white. that is perfectly
charming for a bedroom, but it is | al
most too cold looking to be used as a
great i comfort. , The prevailing Idea re^
gardin g - Turkish, and Persian rooms la
that they : must^be filled with all sort*
and conditions of "musty dust catchers
and that ¦ floating, flying ends must Jb*
hanging from every, corner, and further
more that they must be of a peculiar
pattern and tone.' - . . > . -_.-.,.
;l- That»lsnot necessarily true. •'-: To be
sure. Persian ornaments are of a mixed
style, combining, the conventional simi
lar to the Arabian In the. % graceful
sweeps-, and j: curves ; of drawinsr, -with'
an - attempt at birds, * flowers and ani
mals. In fact, 'Persian fabrics are aic ;
most' Invariably covered s with 1 flowers/
Very,; frequently/ 1 , the - design .(Nc 7)
springs; from ; one root at the .base and
broadens like the branches of a .tree
upward and ;¦ outward,- -each ' line repre
senting a ' limb, and the whole covered
with: a conventional treatment of flow
ers, each detail balancing one with .the
other; •:/,;•<• "::- iV ;; *.*--~ ¦.'• "'--¦" -"¦ ¦¦'¦:.
Another, line of material that Is beau
tiful as : .well : as very useful, is the Rus
sian : embroidery , (No. 3) -that is mad*
in France in. imitation of an old weave.'
It . is-: not ¦] unlike i some •.; silk N and . wool
dress "mixtures .that ' are] seen : now ; and
then, where the silk seems almost sep
arate from :the vwool*! at* places, but on
examining It . is i caught : here' and ¦ there
and always appears ¦ at the right time'.
and " : place." ¦; TheV embroidery; does ' not
belie, its name,- for It actually: presents'
a V surface that looks . mach more. like
band work than the product of a loom.
;'And portieres; (No.; 1) have undergone
such ) a radical '. change, too. , No '* on*
•wall covering in I a dln.ng-room . or
library, ; but if ; otfe ' particularly . fancies
the pattern it' can: be had in a warm;
flowing red that: Is;; delightful with
Flemish oak or any of: the darker,
richer looking woods. '^And; by the way,
these quaint designs have taken such a
hold, on, the'flckle^public. that the wlsa
manuf acturerMs I turning : out • blankets,
curtains,' bedspreads and j even the
cloth * for " the . top* of < the : old-fashioned
"highboy,',' , and" turning V them ' out at
such^a! price that .they. are within the
reach of every, one. •'. a " , /;-, • I'-'
, With "this idea 5for- things new and
old . at the same ¦ time has ' come the
fad for periods, and-; the combination,
when well, worked, is a difficult one to
beat.' For instance, 1 ', what could bs
more beautiful: than the empire room
(No. 6)? It is. as different from the
Louis XV (No. 9) as day.ls from night.
One calls to mind delicate, colors, slen
der ! gold furniture "and "all ; the , fitting
brlc-a-bracithat:make t a drawing-room
bo "exquisitely,! pretty; while ? the Mother
brings visions : of a ¦ soft; flowered green
mahogany furniture dressed up .*¦ with
metal, or gold trimmings an d the '.more
solid, marbles and vases to add the: last
finishing touches."- ->, In : reality they rep
resent just what they; are.' Periods that
were designed by a' man and a' woman;
•one the? light: and the other
substantial • fand - 'elegant, ; but'-: both
splendidly - adapted „ to . their . mission in
ufe...s; v v-^- : ; t.'i-y. ' .. -¦; ¦, ? r- .
¦'. For .a living .room: on» of the best
pieces of tapestry, is what Is commonly
known* as , the 1 .' ' (No. 6)^fi tit
comeslnian;old\blue and. the contrast-
Ing colors are a peculiar shade of - rose
and a gold metal which makes It costly.
But . i t -. Is . . beauti f ul and i s emblematic
of . ; the" C: time ¦ of the I, Tudors, S as ¦ the
dragon,- the shield ; and > the, Tudor rose
comprise* its design. i.Taken all in all
itfis one of the > best hangings that can
be. had for libraries; living: rooms and
halls,; but as ,lt5 sells *-' for $25 j a - yard
there Is not the. slightest danger of its
ever becoming. commonplace.
Persian i hanging^ i axe always pretty
for libraries i and ;,they ," areV seldom, if
ever, too high In price for the pocket
book of • the ! average man, which la a
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAYS CALL*
LATEST IN HOUSEHOLD
FABRICS
11. Visitors to the Lexington Cemetery
almost invariably- ask. the question,
When will the Clay monument be re
paired? The head of the statue of the
distinguished Kentucky statesman was
riven from the body by' a thunderbolt
on the night of July. 21. : Patriotic citi
zens will be pleased to know that* steps
are' being . taken to replace the. statue.
The Hon. William Klair, ; Representa
tive from the city, will probably Intro
duce a bill ' at the next session of the
Kentucky Legislature: appropriating
money for the purpose o^ repairing the
monument.' '. ' " v'V
Thomas H. Clay is preparing the de
tails tor the proposed bill, and recent
ly . wrote to four New York i sculptors
asking for estimates on -the cost^of a
statue of the same sire knd proportions
and made of the same substance— Ken-,
tucky limestone— as the present statue.
Those who have . examined the broken
statue believe that a new statue will
have to be made, as the head Is badly
broken and the ¦ features cannot be ire- '
placed." V^«fiMwi8S_V :>¦ -'-• >:. v>--/J; . -... ..-',¦¦¦
As soon as Mr. Clay has gathered the 1
details in regard to the coat'i'of the re-"
pairs, v he will submit . the ; bill / to Mr.
Klalr, who has 1 agreed to introduce it
in the Kentucky Legislature. / ' ~
The entire, shaft and base of the
monument are also badly; in need of
repair and- of some - measure which
would protect it from; the erosion to
which it is-rapldly giving way.: The:
State" has voted/a.*um;for the -purpose
of ;restoring historic ..monuments, arid"
this fund may be; available : for repair
ing the Clay monument. ' V
, The monument cost | in : tha \ neighbor
hood of $55,000. The'expense was'.lorne"'
byj private -subscription' and by an ap
propriation ! :by: the Legislature. The
corner-stone: was ; laid; "on" July 4, 1857,;
with impressive ceremonies.'" Rev. E. F.
Berkley, of Christ- Church delivered the ;
prayer; upon this occasion," and the ora-
tion was delivered by Dr.- Robert
Breckinridge. The • ceremonies were
conducted by the • Masons. The", monu
ment' la • built of; Kentucky magnesian
limestone -and : is * of ¦ Corinthian , archi
tecture, i ; consisting u." :-*. of . stereobate,
pedestal, base, shaft, capital and
statue. The "statue Is "twelve and one
half feet In height; the base of the
statue being 120 feet from .the. ground.
Henry;. Clay idled ..in Washington" on
June 2, 1 1852, and the funeral In : Lex
ington was 'held July 10 of the same
year, -when the body was placed in a
public- vault" 'It : was later interred
beside "the remains of Henry iClay's
mother, i but In ,1857 was placed' In a
marMe sarcophagus . In the mausoleum,
then' ready to receive it. Later, in 1864.
the • body i of ; Mr. Clay's ¦ wife, ; Lucre tia
Clay, was j placed I in ' the ; mausoleum; '-".
The -statue : was " carved i 5 , by, John
Hailey, '.' a Frankfort, Ky.V ¦_ monument
builder.- and the > monument : was finally
completed about 1861.
ASKED TO REPLACE CLAY STATUE
Spencer and His Funeral.
Mr. Spencer left , the most stringent
and precise directions as to the funeral
ceremony. Some members of the com
pany at. the crematorium were
desirous i of proceeding; to High
gate Cemetery after! the coffin was
withdrawn Into the furnace. But they
were informed that: not even the inti
mate friends were aware of the hour
at which the cemetery would b«
reached, and that Mr. Spencer had left
directions for only hla secretary to ac
company the urn to Its final resting
place.
This. Is to consist of granite and will
remain uniriscrlbed for several months.
Thereafter, will be engraved upon It an
inscription which- Mr. Spencer him
self prepared In detail, hut the terms
of which are not yet" to be made
known. It can only, be conjectured
what were the illustrious thinker's
reasons for prescribing this long de
lay ,_but they are probably » be found
in a desire to avert the consequences
of the temporary emotional excite
ment created in his admirers by his
death. — London Dally Chronicle.
One great reason why the only child
is likely to b,e spoiled may b^ found In
the fact that the parents are disposed
to give the child nearly everything he
desires. Being the only child he Is
likely to get rriuch more than if there
were several children. His every wish
is granted by parents, grandparents,
uncles, aunts and friends. Such being
the case, is It any wonder that a child
reated in this way is apt to grow self
ish and expect the same treatment
from everybody, even when he grows
older and should know better?
The only child is apt to be petted and
complimented by all. If there were
more the praise would be divided. All
"Papa, I will do what you tell me."
Z'i had deliberately considered the
matter and made, a choice. He had
discovered that it did not pay to suf- )
fer the loss of a great deal of pleasure
for the sake of the satisfaction of
having his own way. Not a few times
thereafter it was neceesary to plac*
The Most Stubborn.
him in a chair and await his decisions.
In but few cases, however, did he de
cide other than wisely. Later hf was
trained into habits of obedience by
requiring him to comply- with such di
rections as. "Get un on this chair!"
"Come here!" "Go to that corner!"
"Sit on the floor!" and many other
similar commands. These directions
were given as If it were a game. Some
may object to such a method, but it
resulted In forming the habit of obe
dience in a child of unusually strong
will. In the past e «ght years that boy
has not once refused obedience to the
exprewed wish of the parent. May
this case not be suggestive to some
parent* who are naturally disposed
to show that they can not only be
more stubborn~than their child, but
that, by, relying on greater brute
fore*, they can compel them to do
as the parent orders? Such conduct
is not worthv of o loving parent.
i In the great proportion of cases of
stubbornness the child Is not Intention
ally so, though the contrary may seem
to be the case. It i»eems almost impos
sible for some children to comply with
requests made under certain conditions.
They seem positively mulish, in the
ve^ry wors,t sense of "the word. Luckily
there are very few such. Many of these
are under an Intense nervous strain. It
reems that one of the best ways of
managing such a child Is to strive to
get the child to think of something else.
If he can be made to forget, it may be
easy to lead him back to the desired
path. Those who have had experience
with a balky horse will understand
what la meant. Buch have discovered
that no amount of beating will have
the slightest effect. One man, whose
horses were drawing a load of hay.
endeavored . to start one of the horses
by building a fire under the horse. The
horse moved far enough to get himself
out of danger and to set fire* to the
load of hay. By unhitching the horses
the man saved them. He has not yet
been able to collect the insurance on
the hay and the wagon. The parent
who uses brute force with a stubborn
child, of nervous temperament, may
fare far worse than this man. Those
who are most successful in the man
agement of such horses find their great
est success in diverting their attention
by tickling the nose, putting, dust In
their mouths, giving them something to
eat, or In some other way making them
forget their determination to be balk y.
May there. not be some suggestion in
this method of procedure for those par
pr.ts who have e-ceptlonally stubborn
children?
The . Only Child.
- How often the bnlv child grows up to
t*i- onjosltc of what parents, and
friends would wish. That: such is the
case all mujt admit, That there is
some good reason for this being the.
case many have surmised. What ¦ the
reasons are few ha-** attempted to say.
H r^ OTV many parents have won
1 dered what they should do with
j[ 1 the child who positively re
±J fuses to da what he is
- - - told' Wh.at can be done
with such a child? The answer Is ncrt
•easy. What might answer for one
child mrjr be of very little use for an
other. Too parents think the
child Is depraved because he is stub
born.. Such Is not the case. Stubborn
ness is; firr.ply an indication of a Ftrong
will and should be treated as such.
In a later talk on the training 'f the
'will attention will be called to tne fact
that a strons will is a most excellent
thing for a child to possess. The trou
ble comes, of course, when the child
"won't" do right, but wills to do wrong.
Let the parent who has a child that
Is disposed to be stubborn not fnse
heart. Such a child ia a diamond In
the rough. Have you ever seen such
a diamond? There is nothing interest
ing In its appearance. None, save those
who can see below the surface, would
consider it of any value. Yet properly
handled it will show the brilliancy of
a gem of priceless value. So It will
be with the stubborn child, if only the
parent has wisdom and tact enough
to discover how such a one can be
reached. .
If the chllfl who is supposed to be
stubborn persists in stubbornness the
result may be very serious. It is apt
to affect. If not prevent, his future suc
cess in life. Once such a habit is firm
ly fixed it will not only show Itself in
the home, on every occasion, but it
¦will also assert Itself Jj the school and
In fociety. These are tbe ones who are
most likely to be misunderstood' and
unappreciated, both at home and . in
school. Too often they are those who
cannot be tolerated In company with
other children, lest other children pat
tern after them. The result Is that
they are expelled from school, educated
on the street and housed In the Jails
and penitentiaries of the land.
Managing; a Stubborn Child.
A child who had an exceptionally
strong will was trained Into an entire
ly different kind of a child by the fol
lowir- trea; t when still quite
young: When he refused to do as be
was told be was required to take a
particular seat and in the kindest tones
It was explained that certain conse
quences would certainly result If he
did not comply with the request made.
Care was taken not to make any
threats which vuld not and should
j.'it be carried' into execution. He was
told think the matter over and de
ride whether It r.-ould give him more
pleasure to do as he was told or to
reccU-e ct 'n punishments and lose
son-' priv*3pes which he would very
much enjoy. As wj expected, he de
cided to lose the privileges and take
the punishment rather than comply
vith the directions. Great care was
taken to see that e**ery detail of 'the
punishment was carried out in the
most kindly manner and yet with
eucL firmness as showed that he need
never count upon the £li*..tc~t modifl
cation of the penalitlea promisea.
The next time he refur^d to do as
tolu he was » laced on the same chair,
and somewhat Eirm.ar promises
made. Afier thinking; the ma'ter"
over for a*>out tw«i 'xnln*<tes h*» said.
love a pet. and^ It Is well for an to have
one of some kind. If It be only a dot.
cat, a horse or some other animal. But
it la very Injurious for a single child
to receive all the petting which loving
parents are apt to bestow. No parent
should withhold commendation for
praiseworthy acts, but the undeserved
praise which the only child Is apt to
get la likely. to make him so proud and
overbearing that life Is miserable for
those who come in contact with him.
From the time the only child learns
to walk he is apt to be followed per
sistently. At every turn he Is ¦ met by
a restraining hand. Much less oppor
tunity Is given for development than
to those children In families where the
number Is Buch that a great amount
of freedom Is necessarily permitted.
Such children may ' receive • a few ex
tra bumps, but they will learn lessons
which will prove invaluable In after
llfe. N V
.Only Child Sometimes the Best, c
While It la; indeed, very much harder
to properly train an only chill than one
of a number of children, the fact re
mains that some of the very best
trained -children have 'been those who
caine from/ families *here there were
no other children. Where thic is tha
case it has been the result of the par
's appreciating the .»e ullar danger
and difficulty in the training of an ly
lid./ Seeing clearly the darters, it is
possible to avoid them. Is hoped that
the > few suggestions in this talk may
helD to many who are ende .voring
to train . an only
Those who have the responsibility of
training- a single child Iiould guard
carefully lest they overdo the training.
Too frequently this - the reason why
the children of do .not turn
out as they should: >Being lnten*ely in
terested in the proper training of their
children and being determined to do
everything that | 9 st, . t'-y have
sometimes been, led to repress far more
than is best. Many tlmes^aucVparer.ta
Co more harm by too mxh training
than is done by other raren*s who are
much lacking in all systematic train
ing.
' The Children of the Rich.
.'•\7hat has , been said -oncerr* »„ the
* lining of the only child a^ ..lies with
equal. If not greater force to the chil
dren of the rich. Certain it is that the
children of the rich are, generally at a
great disadvantage in the battle of life.
It Is the exception when such. are able
to hold their own In competition with
those who come from families In which
luxury is unknown. The motto. "Give
the poor boy a chance," should be
changed. . It : should be made . to read.
"Give 'the child of the rich "parents a
chance." The poor boy will take a
chance and hold it "We need not bother
to give it to him. We are told on the
best of authority that it is easier for a
camel to go through the eye of a
needle than for. a rich mar. to; enter the
kingdom of heaven. The same figure
of speech might be used to emphasize
the difficulty of properly training the
only, child or, the child, of .wealthy par
ents. ' Too much - prosperity is apt to
ruin adults.; Is there any wonder that
a child Is almost certain to be ruined
by having his own .way all the 'time? '
-Who has not seen a child running the
house and all In It? Who has not felt
sorry for the unfortunate parent on th«
street, In the car or In the home? Many
times one feels disposed to take chargi
of* such an. one for a short time. O&
such an occasion there would probably
be an attempt to cure "by the laying*
on of hands." l *
No one who baa watched a a polled
child bossing thing* could fall to feel
aorry for the parents. Many times they
are deserving of pity. In some casee
they do not seem to know they have
really nothing to say on most subjects.
In other casea they realize the condi
tion, but seem helpless.
But should not the child be pitied
even more than the parents? It Is not
his fault, but the result of Improper
training; upon his young shoulders rest
the cares of ths house. Ha must decide
whether, the parents shall go out or re
main at home, whether he shall go to
bed or stay up longer, whether he shall
eat what is put before him and ai to
a great many other questions, which
most parents decide for their children,
thereby, relieving them of a, great re
sponsibility. '
Who Is to Blame?
When such a condition exists, wlio*e
fault la It? At first we are^ disposed ta
blame the child. But la that Just? Un
der the same conditions would w» not
have acted the same way? Long before
such a child could utter a word he was
probably trained to . do what he now
does. Before he was a month old. he
was probably taught that, even If com
fortable, he should not lie quiet, but
should cry, that he might be -walked,
rocked or patted until he fell asleep.
Ever since that time he has probably
had such training which most certainly
prepared him to be the despotic ruler of
the house.
But place the blame where you will,
the fact remains that no parent has a
right . to ruin a child by allowing him
to assume the duties which belong to
the parent. It is the parents* duty to
decide for the child until he has de
veloped sufficient Judgment to decide
for himself. It la the child's duty to
obey, and the parents' duty to see that
he does so.
AND THE ONLY CHILD
By William J. Shearer
THE STUBBORN CHILD
Eighteenth TalK to Parents
fancy and the writer predicts that
within the next ten years more than
76 per cent of the people will be wear-
Ing glasses. There are few people to
day who cannot relieve the eye strain
or benefit the eyes by the adjustment
of proper glasses. U is a positive fa.ct
that a very large class of eye troub'e
which was formerly considered incur
able, causing headache, pains in and
over the eyes, seeing black specks float
ing before* you. eyes watering and many
other errors of refraction and lack of
accommodation which years ago could
not be checked by any of the means
known to the profession, are now
promptly arrested and cured by the
proper adjustment of lense?.
The writer refers to one gentlemnn
who some eight months ago called after
the earnest persuasion of his frienda
and two of h's physicians, who su .;-
Rested that perhaps his ailment mlcht
be caused by his eyes being defective.
The first thing he «»aid was he dda't
believe that his eyes were the cau?»
of his trouble: that he could see as well
as anybody, but to satisfy his ph.'si
cians and friends he called upon me to
make an examination. I found the
gentleman In a very nervous and un
settled condition and after a thorough
test I prescribed compound lenses, for
an error known as hyperopic astigma
tism. This defect in severe cases causes
nevVous prostration, epilepsy and
sometimes insanity, which was the can
aid opinion of the gentleman, for he
said: ¦ "Unless I can overcome my ner
vous condition it will drive me insane."
He formerly lived across the bay and
coming f:om and returning . home the
throngs of people affected jh'.s head and
tJtrves to such an extent that he could
not rest at nijht and during the day
vai almost incapable of properly at
tending to his business. 1 called on
the rentleman after having: worn the
glasses some six * months and found
him a comparatively new man, with
regard to his ability to work, and the
entire recovery of his nervous trouble.
There are, of course, many defects of
the eyes, and too often people buy
glasses that only partially overcome
their trouble, but they see ao much
better than formerly, that they feel con
tented and believe they have the
proper lens. iCo person can get a thor
ough test unless each eye is fitted sep
arately, and then, of course, by a com
petent- and conscientious optician, and
as I etated above, you should be able
to Judge the \ difference, between the
spectacle dealer or the so-called three
day diploma optician .from one who
has equipped himself and spared
neither time. nor expense In having a
thorough knowledge of his profession,
and this cannot be obtained in. from
two to .six months' time.
Presbyopia is a condition of the ad
vancing age. Technically this is not
an error or refraction by a loss or par
tial loss of the function of-accommoda
tion. The symptoms usually begin
about .the age of- 40, and near vision
becomes blurred and Indistinct. Print
runs together and you are compelled to
hold It too' far off. Tou hot only de
prive yourself the comforts, but it will
require more time for your eyes to re
cover.
Myopia— In this condition the eye la
too long, and Its refraction causes par
allel rays of light to focus before reach
ing the retina. The acuteness of vis
ion for distance -Is always below the
normal, while near-vision is usually
good. Myopia Is ; most frequently, if
not exclusively, acquired during school
life, and It Is often developed to quite
an extent before any inconvenience Is
experienced. This Is another reason
why all children goinjr to school should
be compelled to undergo an examina
tion of their eyes, at least at the begin
ning of each term. Too often children
are chastised because of the miscalling
¦ of letters or not being abte to see' the
print as the teacher or parent expects.
Hypermetropia ia commonly known as
far-sightedness. In this defect the ey*
is too short and Its refraction is not
sufficient to bring parallel rays of light
to focus on the retina. Hypermetropia
Is the direct antithesis of myopia, from
•which it differs nearly in every respect
It is the most common , optical defect
and often causes a great deal of trouble
unless corrected with proper glasses. .
Astigmatism Is an Irregular curva
turje of the cornea. This means that
one meridian of the eye refracts In ex
cess of the one at right angle to It
which causes imperfect vision for all
distances, the only remedy being cylin
drical compound glasses to b« worn
constantly. We also frequently find
where one or both eyes require differ
ent ground le,ns because of the one eye
being stronger than the other and
which is seldom known until an experi
ment of some character is made. For
Instance you cover one of your eyes
with the* hand and attempt to snuff out
a candle suddenly placed within a few
feet of you. you will find that you will
invariably either overreach or under
reach and put the fingers too fax to
the right or left' of the flame. Or dip
ping the pen In the Inkstand on th«
table Is an easy matter when one ha*
both eyes, but let him close one and h*
will find himself either overreaching o»
to one side or the other, while with the
other eye. the one. that does practl
callyall the seeing, he has no difficulty.
The reason for the apparent reversal
of the habits noted above, the chango
from under or over reaching. Is nat
urally of the different focus of the eye
and demonstrates that the rood eye
has been doing practically all the work.
j x great deal more could be said that
would be of Interest to the reader. It
Is this fact,' however, that the writer
desires to Impress upon you— never
treat carelessly or with Indifference an
organ whose mechanism Is of the most
delicate nature and Is considered al
most as valuable as life itself. It is
always safer and advisable to have the
eyes tested even in the simplest cases,
which In the end will prove more eco
nomical and give far .better results.
«O-f GREAT deal can be said about
f I the proper care and treatment
f 1 of the eyes. The writer is glad
- I to say, however, that the people
of this age are beco nlng en
lightened, and especially within the
past ten years. Years ago to see a
• L.ld with a pair of glasses was to the
people of that day an awful thing, and
Invariably condemned. The opinion
prevail d that they were being worn
more for style than for service.
The wri*er never will forget the ex
pression of an old lady when she was
?oCJ that a little child acquaintance of
here, past 4 years of age., required
glasses. She threw up her arms and
paid, "That could not be 60. for w«
didn't use to have to wear . glat-les,**
c». d wendered what the people were
£O ning to. etc. V. •
I The fact is, all must concede the old
laying that the generations are 'grow.
Ing weaker and wiser, ar.d again be
cjyiseof the more eye strain, which is
the «?sult of the people reading more,
improper positions, greater clerical
work # and different machinery In facto
ri-3* and many other reasons that could
*»e mentioned that have a tendency not
only to strain the eyes, but make them
defective, and then it must be conceded
that .science of optics has been great
ly advanced, and to-day many errors
of refraction are overcome that years
a-go the b=>st optician knew-* nothing
ab?ut. You seldom find a man on the
ranch, for instance a cowboy who has
a clear field be Jore him. with defective
eyes. From eisht to ten hour?" work in
offl,ces and factories is one the prln
cipr results of eye trouble. Always
read and sew with the HeLt coming
over youi shoulder. Twelve to four
teen inches Is the proper distance.
Many times people under 40 years of
age have considerable of accommoda
tion and for a 6hort time ovejsome any
errors of refraction that might exist.
You often hear people say. "After I use
my eyes a rhort time they commence
to pain and I have a headache." JCoth
lng but specially groanc lenses will
overcome your trouble, and the opti
cian of to-day with strong competition
finds that he must thoroughly acquaint
himself with his work, and that It Is
necessary to have long practical ex
perience. He must be thoroughly com
petent if he hopes to succeed. Years
ago a man would attend a course of
lectures for a week, secure a diploma
and come home expecting to know it
aJL He soon finds, however, to be euc
fessful one must have an extensive
practical experience.
¦ It is my opinion that the people them
eeive.8 should be the Judge.' Nowa
days It isn't for you to be humbugged
or dfct,-eived. for every person ought to
cousiCer the ability and qualifications
of the Individual.
Viie or'ical business is Just in its ln-
THE ;SAN^FRANGISCO SUNDAY CAIX.
12
GLASSES A NECESSITY NOT A FAD"WORTH WHILE"
How this phrase has been creeping
Into the speech and; thought of men
during the last few years. .If the
popularity of a word or a phrase" be
any true index of the moral Ideals' of
a nation, there Is : ground for encour
agement in the fact that Americans
are using this phrase more often than
formerly.. The /man who. uses It
thoughtfully and . wlth.any disposition
to guide his life by, what it signifies is
not far from the kingdom of God:
Back of this simple phrase is an ap
preciation" of the value and' the'ma
jesty of that- silent mighty, force
which we call time, as it sweeps stead
ily, Irresistibly : onward, connect
ing the' eternities.- Time, time, why,
that is, after all, one of the most
precious of human possessions. And
yet how men squander it., But.when'a
man begins to use the phrase," "worth
while,", instead, of throwing away .his
moments and his days, he begins to do
what the Roman) sage advised young
men, to do, namely, to "seize the day."
or, as the Apostle ¦ Paul . put the mat
ter, to "redeem the time." .
Then, too, this phrase; Is rich with
thought' of the dignity and worth -'of
man.- It- intimates' that .'some things
are beneath him. It sets one to think-
ing whether feasting and roistering,
whether; long hours of Idle chatter or
malicious ; gossip ; at » the ' clubs or .'the
sewlngi societies are indulgences quite
up to the level 7 - of the man or woman
who practices them. t • It puts In a' new
and unfavorable light the days and
weeks spent > in. the .'endeavor to cir
cumvent a business rival. or to prepare
a toilet ; that \shall totally eclipse the
ladles of. your set . . '/
,. On the other band, the phrase throws
into bold , and attractive relief certain
great and, perhaps hitherto unappre
ciated f aptors 5 in human . llf e. x , . If 'one*
'were to pick but three or four things
really worth? while where would he
begin?; Most of us , probably would
Btart with Surely nothing
better 'befalls ¦ us. between the cradle
and the gravel than the acquisition. of a
few.' stanch ; loyal ; friends. Time* spent
ih^gainingr and' holding; them Is not
wasted.':. Henry Drummond said:: 1 "It
pays to take tl me to keep : one's * friend
ships, in' repair."; When you have taken
a .half s hour out .-of your,tbusy iday* to
iWrite ' to • a : friend , on the .'otheri side i of
the continent, .when . you . have gone out
of your way, to' prevent' the" growth ;of
misunderstandings and suspicions, you
have made 'an investment that will pay
you I ere = life . Is ; done many, times | over.
• Books are worth whlle^riot all books,
not* one In twenty, perhaps, of the cur
rent ' output, but , now ; and then i one
comes along to read which it will pay
to sacrifice ' an evening % in ; fashionable
society or the frittering away of hours
over,: purely ephemeral; literature. One
book that ; has come down out of the
past has been a' makeweight in the his
tory* of nations,': and to-day, despite
changed conceptions of its origin and
authority, still ; holds. the reverence of
millions. - It may b,e worth our while to
read If .In that book are said to be the
seeds ' of ; human liberty,; the germs ' of
the beneficent institutions which to-day
alleviate the lot of the .weak and the
suffering.'' In it,- too, are ' the noblest
ideals : of the way: -. In v.which ¦ a man
should. live with: his; fellows and think
of his God. .Yes, the. old,* much criti
cized, too much neglected: Bible is still
worth-while.' \
-A "A"' man's good name ; In his community
is '» worth twhile. V; He ¦ ought -: not to " be
indifferent to his reputation. What, you
can do, not pretentiously, but modestly,
to ; galn'the good-will and \ esteem of
others, you; ought to do,; It* is far better
tq ihave Vyour^fellowmen '/blessing you
instead of . cursl ng : you, \ lovingi you in
rtead of envying and hating; you: Bet
ter a few, less dollars in the bank and a
fewjmore smiles on. the! faces of \every
day people as , they meet ) you on the
street ;,; • . . .
Then our Consuls should, be allowed
to be moved from one place to another,
There is no reason a fixed ten
should not be introduced in this regard.
The President says in his recommenda-
tion relating' to the expansion of our
trade—which. Is now the most vital
question before our country, the one to
which all our economic tendencies are
movlng the one to which the genius of,
the American people-has brought our •
Production to such a point that it is
absolutely • necessary that we should
seek new.markets-this service is one of
ure\*^^^£^£}n^ e8 °
J^JJ^uS to oufp^ple!
.^ sto the qualifications of the men
wno 8nouid enter the consular service,
th)?y phoU|d have a knowledge of inter
national law, a knowledge of treaties,
a knowledge of the laws relating to de
cedents,,and of, the laws relating to
shipping. They should know what are
the rights of the American citteen
abroad and be;.prepared to enfojc"
them. '* This means specially prepared
addition io^&amination before
entering .the ser^r there;should be
some assurance: to that when
once in the service, they, shall be con
tinued for long periods. How can we
expect the proper young men to enter
the service unless theresis m« as3"r;
ance that the t me ' ¦"« ,£W- th< £
have invested will be^return ed to them
in a tenure of office covering some con-
By Hon. JVobert Adams
1c T Is a curious fact that notwith
standing the great Importance &
', th^ subject In relation to our busi
ness affairs, the business men of
•njr country up to a very recent time
have ahown but little interest in the
Improvement of this service.
The legislation that has taken place
upon this subject has been most crude
and very fa? apart in its passage. Our
consular service was founded principal
ly under the acts of July 31, 1789, and
July 1, 1780. From that period d6wn
to 1855 there was practically no legisla
tion relating to this Important branch
of our servlco. The next legislation
affecting this subject was enacted In
1B81V which took away the excessive
fees which then existed In regard to
cm shipping. But It had the disad
vantage also that In taking away those
fe*s that were for the benefit of ship
ping it took away, to a large extent
the* compensation of our Consuls, and
.from that day to this" they have had
.very ilttle and unequal compensation.
I am *lad to say that the people are
beginning to take some Interest In this
subject. The boards of trade through
out our country and chamber* of com
merce and business men have taken up
this question and are now pressing it
upon the Congress for its reorgani
sation. , : 4
I wish to treat this subject entirely
in a non-partisan way. The consular
service relates to the business interests
of our country. It is essentially the
business branch of our Government.
Our Consuls are sent abroad to repre
sent the interests of our peopl^ to
protect their rights and to furnish citi
zens at home with reliable informa
tion., so that avenues of trade may be
opened up and necessary information
furnished to the merchants of our
country. The tenure of office should
be permanent, or for a long period of
time. What incentive have Consuls in
our service to-day for great and ade
quate work, when it is known that
their tenure of office is limited to fou»
years, and that, even without a change
Member of Congress From Pennsylvania and Member of the Committee oh Foreign Relations of the House.
In the political party, the Consul prob
ably will be removed at the end of
four years? - -
Just at the very time when he has
probably learned the langauge of the
country;. Just at the time that he has
learned the trade requirements and
the avenues for opening business to
our people; Just at the very time, when
he has learned how to report Import
ant facts and valuable information,
he Is brought back to our country and
a .novice, unprepared in any way, is
Bent out to replace a competent man,
and he, too, is brought home when
he has reached a similar efficiency.
Now it is proposed to have examina
tions, and to have men pass such an
examination In order to enter this ser
vice. But we are met with this ob
jection: "We want business men. We
do not want classic students from uni
versities." Such examinations as are
proposed may not, it is true, prove
the entire fitness of the applicant for
the post of Consul, but they are surely
better than the requirements that the
Consul should be skilled in manipula
tion of primaries and conventions in
his own district
Permanent tenure is absolutely es
sential In order to secure energetic
work on the 'part of our representa
tives. How could you expect a man to
live in a tropical climate, where his
northern nature Is * enervated by a
warm atmosphere? How can you ex
pect a man that is enervated in this
way to work hard in prder to furnish
information when he kxlows that his
endeavor will receive no response and
no acknowledgment in the way of pro
motion, and that he simply will be re
turned home at the end of his four
years?
GJve that man a hope that he will be
promoted; give that man an incentive
to work — that he will be moved both to
a better climate and an increased, pay —
and you will give him, an incentive to
furnish our people with that Informa
tion which is so essential to our devel
opment.
has been demonstrated In Great Brit
ain, When these positions there were
thrown open to competitive examina
tion the number of applicants the very
first year Increased from 6000 to 15.000.
showing that men were ready to enter
the* service— that they would gladly
avail themselves of the advantages
thus held out of permanent tenure, In
suring them of life service, if they de
sired it. in this peaceful pursuit, tend
ing to build up the foreign commerce
of their country. If such has been
found to be the fact in Great Britain,
a similar condition will be found to ex
ist in our country. The young men of
our country . are alive to the advan
tages such positions may offer them.
Give them the opportunity, supported
by the assurance that it means a live
lihood for life, and you will have our
consular service filled with the best
ability and energy that the young men
of our country can furnish.
Those who have been most familiar
with the necesities of the case have
-'or a long time been urging action by
Congress upon this subject. All our
Secretaries -- State, all our assistant
Secretaries of State who have had this
matter under their immediate super
vision have been pressing this meas
ure of reform upon Congress.
Nearly, 't//ery man who has been
prominent in the consular service,
though he may have felt that hl3
mouth should be closed while he was
exercising active official duties under
the Government, has, on retiring from
office, testified to the necesity for tht»
change, and has shown wherein the
necessity lay.
Let a system be inaugurated by
which' men may pass examinitions;
let salaries be equalized, tenure of
office protected, and the men who do
good work be retained and promoted,
and the consular service of the United
States will be vastly improved and be
equal to the necessities of the phenom
enal growth of our commerce and the
extension of the Influence of our coun
try.
shlerable period?
"To improve the service, salaries
should be readjusted and equalized.
There is no set of men ocqupied in the
same class of work that are paid so
unequally as our Consuls. It is essen
tial that men doing the same service
With equal energy should be paid an
equal compensation.
The necessity of trained men is
everywhere apparent. Before the
breaking ' but of the Spanish War it
was necessary that our Government
should have the most reliable informa
tion of what was taking place In the
kingdom of Spain. How can a Consul
who does not understand the language
of the country to which he is^ sent—
who' cannot read the papers — in what
position is he to ' furnish- his home
Government with necessary ' informa
tion? What does he know of the temper
of the press, If he cannot read the edi
torials? What does he know of the do
ings of the people, if he cannot speak
, their language and mingle among
'them? How can any man who is thus
tied of tongue, living among a people
whose language he does not know,
gather information such as his home
.Government may require?
This need is more pressing now than
at any : < previous time In our hlstofy.
With . the great i development that is
taking place in our manufacturing or
ganizations, the proposed development
of. our merchant marine, the extension
of our colonies into all quarters of the
world, , It becomes more than ever es
sential that we should have a trained
corps of Consuls.
It may be asked where will such a
body of trained men* be found? Only
last winter, when this subject was
pending before the ' House, I received
letters from two I universities asking
with regard to the' probabilities of the
passage of a bill such as I am advo
cating, and declaring their willingness
to ¦ Introduce a special course . to pre
pare men, for these positions.
The wisdom pf a system of this kind
AMERICA'S INDIFFERENCE TO ITS CONSULAR SERVICE
r yi NEW process of stcriliz
f I ing uncooked foods, de-
I signed part-rularly to get
JL the greatest possible
amount of nutriment to
the minimum of bulk and weight,
invented by a well-known Cali
fornian, has been given a re
markable tcbt bv the German
array, is being investigated- by
the "Japanese and English mili
tary authorities and will soon
undergo a test by the Ameri
can forces with a view of solv
ing the vexed problem of feed
ing a vast army' in the field. The
following description of Dr.
Dearie's discovery is particu
larly timely in view of the Rus
sian-Japanese imbroglio.
in communication with the English,
German and Japanese governments,
who desire to encourage .any' solution
of the vexed question of the army com
missariat.
. Lawton's famous raid in the Philip
pines, where the soldiers had to live off
the country, is a striking illustration of
the energy < and' time lost in the quest
for food." Major General Young- of the
this city. The package, is hermetically
sealed, the menu printed on the out*
side and the whole business weighs five
ounces— just about the weight of your
Daily Call. And all this for 15 cents!
Think of being able to carry a week's
sustenance in your clothes without se
rious inconvenience. Imagine the relief
to one confronted by the necessity of a
sudden journey.
This is the surprise that 'Dr. Te!ii
son Deane has brought forth. The out
come represents twelve years' unremit
ting research in the lore of foods. So
Interested did the doctor become in this
work that about two years since he
gave up his practice and has devoted
himself entirely to it. .
Back of his residence on Russian Hill
he has built himself a laboratory, and
here burns the midnight oil grubbing
away with "grub." ! Here', amid fish,
flesh, fowl and ceieal, he dce3 his think
ing and cooking, and It is cooking that
is causing the civilized nations to Bit up
and take notice. Already Dr. Deane is
SHOTJLD your friend accost you
with, "Have a tube with me?"
ycu may know that it's a bona
fide bid to dine, for full course
CIxlactw are being put Tip in tubes in
Philippines is Interested in the evolu
tion of the food question, so that time
and life may. be conserved. If the ques
tion of provisions could have been ad-
Justed so that it would not have been a
subject of constant worry for the sol
diers they could have concentrated their
energy and taken the islands In one
third the time.
L. Max Goldberg, privy counsellor of
commerce to the Emperor of Germany,
while touring this country in the.in
terests of commerce, had his attention
directed to the new dinner tubes. He
had samples shipped to Germany and
tried on the German army with the
most: satisfactory results in the condi
tion of the men. Mr. Goldberg, who is
an ¦-.'enthusiastic admirer of American
progress, declares that this American
doctor has given to the world the best
emergency preparation yet known.
Sterilizing cooked foods has long since
been accomplished, but the steriliza
tion''of'uncooked foods Is the new
claim and.it bids fair to be one of the
greatest forward steps in the interest
of the hunian family. , v
This Edison in food lore claims to
eliminate 26 per cent of the waste mat
ter, of corn, wheat, oats, barley and rice
'and to keep the same for fifty years or
any length of : time from the ravages
of germ life, moid or smut.. This makes
them especially desirable In extreme
climates. <¦«% -
¦ . ¦•.•¦¦¦•; •
Dr. Deane says: . v /
Twelve years ago I Joined the United
States army and was assigned to duty
at the Sequoia National Park. It was
Cereal products are usually grouii...
sacked, held In warehouses for months
and then In the pantry for other
months. Being dry. they absorb mois
ture; every pore is saturated by tha
surrounding atmosphere. A sudden
change of climate or a warm spell sup
plies all that Is necessary for the pro
pagation of germs and animal life of
any kind. Living on the cereal, the
nourishing part is consumed, leaving
for man the refuse only.
Of course, this devitalized food
taken into the system overworks it,
without results to its benefit. I havw
therefore sterilized a cereal, subjecting
it to a uniform heat and sealing it at
once. When opened and put into watei"
the bursting of the starch cells ensues.
The product, being thoroughly dry,
takes on twice the bulk usually ob
tained. Unbroken starch cells are not
utilized by the digestive apparatus and
only hamper the system.
From the meats I extract the water,
leaving the other properties intact.
Sterilized, packed, sealed, then resoaked
when opened. It Is readily brought back
to its original bulk and state of nutri
tion. It ts difficult to preserve meats
without robbing them of their nourish
ment. Submerging meats in salt brine,
boracic acid, borax, etc. dissolves the
albumen, leaving only the fiber and
fats. The new method of preservation
solves the problem of conserving the al
bumen.
While experimenting for tab* beer X
hit upon the bread tube Idea. A tub*
of breadstuff mixed with enough water
to make a thick paste and put la the
oven or on a frying pan over a fire will
In fifteen minutes result In a loaf ol
bread.
I have already perfected gravy tab
lets, which, when used with the beet
make a delicious stew.
Opening a dinner tub* aaa b««a com
pared to opening a prise package. Ill
the bottom He th» folded directions.
DIRECTIONS.
There are four packages la each tub*.
and a blue paper containing a little
tablet.
The largest package contains the veg
etable. Open this and pnt th« contests
Into one pint of water. Cook for flfteea
minutes.
The next six* la the meat. Remow
the .paper covering and put Into three
quarters of a pint of water. Cook for
fifteen minutes. To improve meat soak,
in cold water for a few hours, cooking
In the same water. Just before serving
add contents of package containing
gravy, dissolved In a little water and
bring to a boil.
The next package contain* th» bev
erage. Add one pint of water. If cocoa
or coffee, boil for five minutes. If tea.
add to the boiling water.
The little tablet contained la the blue
paper Is the sweetening for the bev
erage. Use one-half or the whole, ac
cording to taste. \> ;,,>
tnere that. I first saw the great neces
sity, for portable food in small com
pass without the diminution! of its nu
tritive Quality. Pack mules had first
Co make a trip over the mountain trails
for fodder and again make the lame
trip for sustenance for the men, which
when it came into camp was invariably
bacon, hardtack and beans.
" In my experiments I have striven to
preserve the full food values and hava
at last made a success of it.
I have endeavored to place in tubes
the variety of foods craved by the sys
tem. One will contain cereal, beef and
cocoa. Another fish, rice, coffee. An
other chicken, peas and tea, etc. Spe
cial dish tubes of fish alone or turkey
or beef, mutton or pork, with a tube of
bread, make a' meal for two persons.
Condensed foods, generally speaking,
are stimulants. Condensation removes
bulk. The human stomach, being a
large vessel.frequires bulk in order to
satisfy it. A nut. for Instance, will
sustain a squirrel, for the stomach is
tiny. But in a human being quantity
as well as nutrition is essential.
As an example of the stimulating
effect of concentrated food, give a dogr
a pall of water; give another, one with
a strong extract of meat. The dog
which has drunk the water will lie
down, while the other dog will rush
excitedly around and finally drop from
sheer exhaustion. . >
The food that really benefits the sys
tem is tissue builder; the food that
passes in and out of the system, mere
ly a stimulant. Cereals are the most
Important of tissue building foods.
Beans contain some of the elements of
all foods. .
I therefore began my research with
cereals. I found that to preserve them
in their, natural state they should bo
sterilized and hermetically sealed. It
seems simple enough, does It not? Yet
simplicity is the sour of art, not alone
in the realms of higher art, but in the
humbler fields of domestic utility.
Hitherto sterilizing a cereal involved
cooking. This, however, does not leave
It in its natural state. A cereal Is
composed of starch cells. Cooking
bursts these cells. Popcorn, as an ex
ample. In the popped- corn several
times the original bulk results. ' Thick
ening of flours;' starch, -rice, etc., with
water, ditto. How, then, to retain the
original compact form and still sterilize
wa"s the problem confronting me — to
prevent, in other, words, the burst
ing of the starch cells and at the same
trtne submit the cereal to a heat suffi
cient to exterminate the germ. Ob
viously the first desideratum Is to get
the product fresh, for from the mo
ment of its fruition, although intended
for man. It is the prey of other living
things. Microscopic germs, weevils,
moths, rats, mice, etc., are man's rivals
In the Quest for food. They usually get
there first.
THE JS AN /FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIi
SOLVING THE PROBLEM OF FEEDING
AN ARMY
13A company of speculators proposed
to establish a Monte Carlo at the nt
tle town of Tia Tuana on the Mexican
line, half an hour's ride by rail from
San Diego. On the American side of
the village there is a hot spring, f .T<
to be efficacious for rheumatism; It
was proposed to erect there a" hotel
The business of selling real estate
was invaded by lawyers, journalists,
poets, painters and merchants. The
offices of these gentlemen were centers
of attraction. Vines loaded with ripe
grapes were dug up, transplanted and
artistically trailed on the walls.
Masses of tube roses and heliotropes
were banked in the windows, and no
real estate sale was expected to be a
suecess. without a brass band, a free
lunch and free transportation to the
"FOR SALE— Block 602, Middle
town Heights Addition. This choice
property is situated partly on the
nearly perpendicular sides and partly
at the bottom of a deep arroyo. Par
ties desiring to visit it 1 will need a
rope ladder and a pair of steel-lined,
cactus-proof pantaloons. It drains a
soap factory, two slaughter-houses
and a qone-yard. It would make an
admirable picnic ground for tourists
from Chicago, for the smells of it
would remind them of 'Home, Sweet
Home.' It could be cut up to advan
tage into post holes. A splendid view
of the sky can be obtained from it
by lying upon your back. It will be
sold at a sacrifice, as the owner de
sires to go abroad— as far abroad as
possible." * ,
The next day a customer appeared.
"How much, said he, "do you ask for
this block of land?" "Two hundred
and fifty dollars." was the answer. "I
will take it." said he, "make out your
deed." "Do you know what you are
Occasionally in their advertisements
these gentlemen would "tell the truth,
just to prove to the" world that fhe
was mighty, even if she did lie in the
bottom of a well. The following is a
nearly literal copy of such an adver
tisement:
On the first fair slope of Middletown
Heights.
Warmed by the day and kissed by the
nights.
And moistened with morning's silver
dew. ¦ v •
Reposes fair, block number 2.
Sometimes the advertiser extolled
his wares in verse:
$2500 — Half cash.
; It was appreciation of the matchless
beauty of Southern California that set
in motion there the great land boom,
which began in 1SS3, which has con
tinued in some places, such as Los
Angeles, ever since, and which in
other localities subsided, because it
outgrew itself. The immigrants to that
section of our country were health
and home seekers, rather than for
tune seekers. They were generally
people of means. They covered the
country with stately palaces and ar
tistic cottages. They engendered a
fever of speculation which made real
estate as marketable as wheat or rail
road stocks, and the increase of values
¦was rapid and enormous. Instances
were not wanting of ranchers selling
their farms arid orchards at hundreds
of dollars per acre, and within a year's
time investing the money in the pur
chase of twenty-five foot lots, carved
out of the same property, at the same
price per lot at which they had sold
per acre. Railroad and cable roads
were constructed in every direction.
Great caravansaries were erected and
sumptuously equipped. Los Angeles,
and San Diegro and Santa Barbara and
other towns developed from sleepy
hollows into thriving cities, and doz
ens of towns with classic and high
sounding titles were surveyed out of
cattle ranges, and parked and sewered
and provided with water works and
gas works in advance of their settle
ment.
"On Wednesday afternoon at' 1
o'clock we will sell at public outcry
to the highest bidder the Pacific
Ocean, draped with a western sky of
scarlet and gold; we will sell a bay
tilled with white winged ships; we
will sell a southern horizon rimmed
with a choice collection of purple
mountains, carved in castles and tur
rets and domes; we will sell a frost
less, bracing, warm, yet unlanguid air,
braided in and in with sunshine, and
odored with the breath ' of ' 'flowers.
The purchaser of this Joblot of climate
and scenery will be presented with a
deed to a piece of land 50x100" feet,
known as lot A. in block 251. The
title to the land will be guaranteed
by the present owner. The title to
the ocean and sunset, the hills and
"the clouds, the breath of the life-giv
ing ozone and the song of the birds is
guaranteed by the beneficent God, who
bestowed them in all their beauty and
affluence upon block 251, and attached
them thereto by Almighty warrant as
an incorporeal hereditament to run
with the land forever."
(Copyright. 1903. by Thomas Fitch.)
' person who invests wise-
J ly in real estate has all mankind
J f laboring to increase the value
y^ of his purchase. In factory and
on farm, and cat forge, and in count
ing-room, and on the seas, and in the
depths of the mine, laborers are busy
increasing the wealth of the world.
The many toil to fill the treasure
boxes of the few — such is the pitiless
and irrevocable law. Science develops
.new forces, invention fashions new
products, and thousands of new for
tunes are created every year. But
mountains seas and lakes and
rivers and valleys remain as they
came from the hand of their maker at
the dawn' ef creation. No new per
fect climates are made. No new
grand natural views are born. Such
are like!stradivarius violins, or paint
ings by Rubens or Murillo. There are
only so many of them, and there never
can be any more.
A gentleman who, had previously
been connected with a dime museum as
"The Human Frofr in a Glass Tank,"
opened a real estate office in Sa.n
Diego, and secured free advertise
ments by having a friend tumble off
the steamer wharf into the bay, and
immediately plunging in and rescuing
the drowning man. Of course, he re
ceived a half-column write-up for his
heroic act. But after this had occur
red three times, the reporters were a
little "shy" and our friend had to
look up anew sensation.
He secured it His wife had ex
hibited in the same museum as "The
Lady with an Iron Jaw." She became
excited over an alleged delinquency
of "The Human Frog," and acted so
violently that she was arrested. She
struggled with the officers and they
handcuffed her; but she liberated her
self by biting off her handcuffs, and
they let her go. She and the "Human
Frog" adjusted their difficulties, and
the next morning the real estate firm
of which he was a member , had an
other column of free advertising.
buytnc? Have you seen itV said tit*
agent. . /TTes," was the answer,
have seen aa much of it as I could by
looking into the hole where_ it ii> Itf« ¦
pretty bad, though not so bad as you
state. Anyhow, Til buy it. Here's
your money." The , deed wbs soon.,
executed. ."Strang-er," said • the real
estate man, "I don't nsnalry, pry into
the business of a customer, but 1
would really like to hear what is your
object in buying this 'block." , "I am
theV proprietor of a saloon on the
water, front," was the ajiswer. "Sail-,
ors get drunk and get. into .trouble,
and I ? have to . f urnistT) bail.; I . have
plenty of money, but to be eligible ar
a" surety I, must be tHe owner • of rea ,
estate. Npw I can qualify. See?"
It may not be denied ' that .the
vendors' ; of "dirt" occasionally in
dulged in ¦ strategy. When, on a De
cember morning, a train filled with
tourists from the blizzard tortured
Northwest .would .roll into a Southern
California' seaside city, And the excur
sionists would Journey past rose ' gar
dens-and orange groves, and behold
men and women bathing in the surf,
they were prepared • to become real
estate investors. They did not. know
that a syndicate of Veal estate brokers
paid the bathers Jl per pair each.to.
bathe in the wlntec •waters, and that
some of the gardens were kept alive
with pumped water costing $1 for
each 1000 gallons. The ocean water
was not really very, cold,' but' people ;
did not usually bathe in it in Decem
ber, and the fresh water was a ; trifle
costly for profitable agriculture, but
the traffic was able to bear it. c .
premises. One enterprising real es
tate firm chartered & column in a
daily journal and chanered the adver
tisement every other day. I. extract
from an old newspaper file some speci
mens of the advertising of that day:
ABSENT-MINDED JONES
'.. Mexican ..Lower 'California shared to
some extent ¦, in the "boom" ; of -its
neighbor.- It would have f shared to a
greater extent if there had been great
er security for property.? Cr"~ ; r •
•Under, the rule of Diaz Mexico made"
giant strides? but "' until recently" it was
on i the peninsula V of ; Lower * California
and ' in Sonora a barbarism! masquer
ading as * a government, |and" Its offi
cials made no attempt to conceal their
corruption.'- A Governor 'of "a* Mexican
Pacific ; commonwealth : was "empow
ered to g'rant a right of way and other
concessions •; to j an ; American Railway
Company.;-. ; The ; attorney; of th« > com
pany - visited ; his Excellency and : read
to him the text of the ¦desired conces
sion. > The Governor, listened carefully
and .: then /remarked ¦ in & naive : man
neri(it should be'spelled with a "k"),
."Andif I sign this, howimuch do I get
tor:, myself ?" The 1 railroad ; attorney
replied, "I am authorized to', pay your
5 * An r attachment suit for a consider
able" sum was instituted by an Ameri
can ¦ company 'in a- border -Mexican
court. The plaintiff was,; under the
Mexican law, entitled to a writ of at
tachment on . filing the' necessary > bond
and} though; the writ, could oniy be
signed ; by the" Judge, the. act was sub
stantially clerical. : "Where," said his
Honor as ' he poised -his pen over the
Inkstand, "do r ' come in oh this?"
The American lawyer.: replied, "I ' do
not -understand 'your' 1 Honor."; VOli."
remarked ,' the- Judge, ' Vit is not
cult * to understand \ me. ' , My salary is
small and it is three-quarters in ar
rears.; I do not get such a chance as
this"; very often. 1 I will sign \ this writ
for ": a thousand -dollars .cash." The
lawyer looked : horror stricken, and his
Honor hastened to 'add; '"But 1 1 will
decide ' the case ; in ', f avor'i' of your com
pany all the way through for the same
money." /
HI Was ¦ the writ Issued ? I .'beg your
pardon, ¦ but I am not on the witness
stand. ;¦-¦':¦- ¦ ¦'¦¦. ¦ "*i££fSiB§a& •¦ . - . .;;. ¦
and bathhouses, and build a casino
on the line. Everything except the
gambling tables was to be t on the
American side, where gambling i is a
statutory crime. The tables were \ to ]
be in, Mexico, -<vhere no law existed
to \ restrain games of chance.- Yet
looking to . the possibility of ; such law
being enacted there, it was planned' to
have .walls • of thick vstone,: without
openings of any kind, \ around ¦¦": that
part of the casino where the; roulette
wheels were to be -situated, .then, , if
arrests .were made;', the; Mexican offi
cers would be compelled to cross the.
line with their prisoners, and so soon
as they did that, they must let them
go.,.. .... ; : _ ••.;.¦•¦.«,;._•„ .,„ ...; ;
The scheme came to grief, because,
under the treaty^a strip one ! hundred •
feet , wide • between : the F two "¦< countries '
t was reserved for" a : road,- and -neither
republic ; would allow, a - stone f wall to
be built across this 'International' high
way. ' '¦•...- - *;•- ;."<¦;; /.¦: '
/ : In ; San Diego the apex of the boom
was reached somewhat sooner than in
other . localities and the smash came
very suddenly. 7 ;. There is*a; bald; steep,
rocky, , sugar-loaf . mountain tomt
miles below San Diego. A goat might
climb It— with an effort; but an In
telligent goat would prefer to go
round*, it, for nothing grows upon
it ' except niggerhead cactus, and
they would thrive upon the mor
tar seams in a stone walL This
mountain now faces the artificial lake
known as Sweetwater Dam, but at
the time' of which I write there was
no ' dam . there, except such ejacula
tory, cuss word of 'that I ilk as might
have been left by a stockholder of the
San Diego Land and Town Company
upon the head of the recalcitrant pro
prietor of adjacent valley land, who
refused to allow his barren acres' to.
be converted into a lake, except at. a'
prohibitory price, and' thus entailed
upon the company . the delay and cost ¦
of a condemnation suit, with the pros
pect of a sympathetic jury making the
; conscienceless -corporation pay a big ;
price;. for "the home" upon which, no-,
body lived, and nobody could live ex
cept a bachelor grasshopper, and he
would find ItMiecessary to be frugal
in his diet to the verge of . parsimony.
¦ A company of speculators bought this
mountain for a trifling sum. They laid
it out into town ; lots, on paper, for no
surveyor could have reached its summit
in a straight > line without the. aid , of a
pair j ; of wings; or a balloon.. They
mapped it and were about to advertise
it, "commandlhg'views froriting'Sweet
water' Lake, on a -line of ; railroad now
being , constructed. Lots at $50 each,
one-fifth cash,' balance in two, four, six
and eight months. Price uniform. First
come', first" served." : About . 9 • o'clock
on Saturday, morning -the ' real - <jstate
agent.; with a .blue^ print' map before
him,^ was standing at his desk writing
an advertisement \ of the " new addition
tor) publication jin the evening, paper
when half a dozen loungers looked over
his shoulder. "Here," said one of them,'
."I want some of those lots., "And so do
L" said ; another. "And L and L" re- .
peated two others. "All right, rentto
men." replied the urbane agent of sub
urban property. "I am really not ready,
but I will try and accommodate you.
Fort a line." Before the first purchaser
had selected, his y lots; and "received hl»
receipt the line had Increased to a
dozen.. It soon extended to the side
walk. Passersby inquired into the rea
son for It, and joined It. It grew faster
than purchasers could be dispatched
with their receipts, and each purchaser
made an advertiser of himself as ha
flaunted his receipt and boasted of his
luck. as an early bird in securing a de
sirable worm. .The line reached down
the street for a block, and when at 9
o'clock at night the sale stopped nearly
all the valuable .town property on
Sweetwater Lake had been sold and
the safe of the real estate man was
crowded with manv thousands of dol
lars In. gold and greenbacks — "first pay
ments in town lots."
No second payment was ever mads.
The next day (Sunday) every livery
stable in San Diego was emptied. 'and
that afternoon hundreds of dusty, dis
gusted Investors returned from inspec
tion of their Investments, and their re
marks were, as a rule, altogether un
parliamentary. ••;
The next day, Monday, there was aa
awful' flatness in the San Diego real
estate market— not any marked fall In
prices, but a sudden and almost total
cessation of sales. By Saturday night
the real estate boom was as flat as if it
had been' used for a settee by a cor
pulent elephant, and the .. boom was
burst.
The city has since revived, and on a
"surer, foundation Is regaining its losses,
for Its magnificent harbor, its' match
less climate and Its commanding situa
tion are factors that must command
for it . great and permanent • growth.
bat "it has been a long time betWNB
drinkm." • •
Excellency $20,000, , and to assure you
that you will be' perfectly protected."
'/Protected, how?" queried the Gover
nor. "The money will -be charged in
the accounts of the company as ; paid
to ', our firm for legal . services," said
the lawyer, "and ? nobody will ever
know of. the transaction but / you
and—"- .
•'Madfe de Dios," said the Governor,
"but you Americans are altogether too
nice. Make it $25,000 'andvyou may
publish the transaction ' in ! the news
papers.", . . .;. ¦} „ v
Things bad been running smoothly
at the Etore for months and months,
when there came such an interruption
as had never been known before. A
woman lost a purse containing fifty
dollars. There was not a half a dozen
people in the store at the time, and she
was sure the had It In her band when
¦he sat di/wn at the counter presided
over by Miss Trent. Search was made
at once and continued for half an hour.
Jones had left the store five minutes
before the alarm was raised to cet an
early dinner and attend a funeral, and
he did not learn of the loss until sev
eral hours after. Then he proceeded to
a judicial examination. He called In
the constable and the justice of the
One of the three male clerks in the
store was named James Thomas, and
It was generally understood in the
village that he was "sweet" on Minnie.
Borne said that It was through his in
fluence that she secured her place, but
that was not the truth. One of the other
clerks was a bachelor of forty-five.
Nobody could ever understand how
he turned to mercantile life. He seemed
to be as slow-witted as he was slow
footed, and his personal appearance
¦was anything but prepossessing. It
was doubtful if any other merchant
except Jones would have employed him
at any wages.' but Jones wanted honest
people about him. and he had the high
est confidence in Albert Ross.
(Copyright, 1904. by K. M. Whitehead.)
THE signs on the village stores
read: "Jones & Co.. Dry Goods.
Groceries, Hardware, etc," but
there was no "Co." It was put
on by Jones because he thought
it would look well and somehow in
crease his importance. Salathiel
Jones was Jones & Co., and the only
Jones, and he was a mystery to all
who knew him. He was a successful
merchant, and at the same time he
was so absent-minded that he was
daily laughed at by scores of people.
His 'store was by all odds the largest
establishment of (Its kind for miles
around, and for many years he had
had four male^clerks in his employ.
Then one day, to keep up with the
times, he gave a place to a young
woman, and Miss Minnie Trent made
her debut behind the counter at
which most of the women customers
made their purchases.
In taking in Miss Minnie, Jones had
•ided a worthy widow and a smart
and good-looking daughter to eke out
their income, and he deserved all
credit for it- True, he called her
Minnie or Miss Trent hajf of the time,
and there were occasions when he
looked at her and wondered where h«
could possibly have seen her before,
but he was a good employer and she
a smart salesgirl, and things went
along without any trouble.
peace, and the employes were examined
and cross-examined.
The loser was firm in raying that no
other person except Miss Minnie was at
the counter when she missed her purse,
and although she made no charge there
could be but one inference. She herself
was permitted to search the protesting
and Indignant girl, and a thorough
search was made above and under the
counters and all over the store, but
nothing was brought to light. Then
Jones did the right thing. He handed
the woman $50 with his compliments
and regrets and said nothing further
to the clerks. Nothing further would
have been said by any one had not the
woman talked.
Anything is a sensation in a village.
The fact that $50 had been lost in Jones
if. Co.'s was a big sensation — bigger
than a circus 1 and a Fourth of July in
one. People at once divided off. One
half of them were sure that' the daugh
ter of the widow had yielded to the
sudden temptation and concealed the
purse for her future benefit; the other
half charitably argued that some one
else had picked it up. or even that there
had been no loss at all. Jones & Co.
tried to pass the affair over and hush
it" up, but the people wouldn't ha/e it
that way. It was a good thing to hang
onto until some woman eloped or some
man. stole sheep, and it became a lead
ing and a burning question. It resulted
in quarrels between neighbors/and
those quarrels finally resulted in Miss
Trent being called a thief and having
to take legal cognizance of it by bring
ing a suit for slander. The defendant in
that suit swore out a warrant" for the
girl on a charge of having appropriated
the $50, and there was as pretty a- ket
tle of fish as a town ever saw. '¦/¦¦.
Jones & Co. and the three clerks were
placed in an unfortunate position.
While all of them fully believed in the
girl's ' Innocence their" testimony on a
suit would hardly favor her. *f the
purse was lost at her counter, as ll.e
loser was ready to swear, then It must
be admitted that only the two were
there at the time.
Things certainly looked very bad for
Miss Trent, and the mental worry had
put her under .the. doctor's care,, when
a strange thing happened. Albert Ross,
f e old bachelor clerk, went before a
Justice of the Peace and chargei him
self with the offense and made a full
confession. % In this confession he ad
mitted to passing the counter while
clerk and customer were -busy looking
at goods, and to have seen the purse
and slipped It into his pocket. He had
destroyed the purse, but he r '¦ ready
to restore the money. He asked to be
arrested, tried and punished, and In
the course of a week he was arraigned
and bound over. to a higher court for
trial. . .• i
If there had been excitement before
"Then you thought him guilty/and
sacrificed yourself for the both
US?" '. ; ¦ V ¦¦¦¦{;,.
"Well— er— well,' you see, I'm get
ting old and homely— and I never, ex
pect "to mkrry— and— «i>-well,' it's s all
over with." 1 x ,.,',
- And so it was; except that the girl
threw her arms around his neck and
kissed him and her tears dampened his
wrinkled cheeks— the first" tears 'and
the first kiss since he was a baby
in his mother's arms.
The trial in the higher court came
along in about a month, and Ross
pleaded guilty and .was sent to State
prison for a year. He took the sen
tence meekly, and in a couple of days
had disappeared from sight of the peo
ple who ¦ had known ' him for fifteen*
long years and believed in his honesty
"every. day. Miss Trent returned. to
the store, and things went on in the
old way except .with Jones &" Co.
Jones did not for one instant believe
the girl guilty: neither did he believe
that Ross topk the purse. . He went
about scratching, his -head and talking
to himself and.vlrying to remember
something, and>it£was one day, after
one of his "fit§fc*»had lasted him for
half an hour, and he suddenly jumped
up and down and us«d a swear- word.
Next instant he clapped on his hat
and started on a run for home, he ¦> be
ing a widower with a housekeeper. In
fifteen minutes he was back at the
store with the purse In his hand.
It was as easy as breaking (eggs.
Jones had passed - the counter while
the two women were looking at some
garment. He had seen the purse arid
picked It up to hand it along to Its
owner. A clerk had called him at the
moment and he had started off. ..The
purse had gone Into his coat-tail
pocket, walked home to" dinner with
him,; and when he changed his coat to
go to the funeral it was ¦ left in the
old one. Upon his return he I had put
on ' another, and so for. weeks' % the
missing money had been hanging In
his wardrobe. '. ¦•. V..
"Why. did you do it?" asked Miss
Trent of the homely and Ill-shaped old
bachelor : as he returned from prison
with his character fully cleared. v '-*¦
"I— I thought I was 'rullty," he
lamely replied. . '¦ ,
"No! you thought, I was iruilty!".
"Nbt that. Miss Trent. I— I knew
that James loved i you, and that you—
you loved him, and -that— that— -—">•£(
there was sensation now. While Miss
Trent's character was cleared, people
hesitated to believe that ' Albert Ross
was a thief. However, when' a man
says he is a thief, swears that he Is a
thief, and demands that he be sent tf
prison as a thief, what are you goinr
to do about it? The key to # unlock th r
mystery was kicking aro'und under
foot, all the time, but nobody could
see it.
THE SAN FR ANCISCO SUNDAY > CALLL
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS
OF THOMAS FITCH
14THE "SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
15' O|'H, CIIILDREX, you all succeeded very much better this w than last. Evldentlj many of you
f I lau ye., 'been '.'studying the weather. . # . * b^S
¦". I ¦ >And now tliat yon have .all doneso well with the Weather Forecasts perhaps you <stO;.snc
'¦¦:.:. JLcced: equally "well with the Colors- of the Spectrum. • Sounds awfully hard, doesn't^t? Well, It Isn't
at nil dlllicult. First find a dictionary nnd look " up the meanl-'^ of that word— spectrum. Got it? Well,
. uiuit lire; the colors represented In the nine little puzzle .pictures th}s_ week? Just think of a few colors
tli»t- you know. There Is canary, for instance, and orange and yellow; all very much alike, but all a little
;<Ufft r rvnt In -shudirig. ' ¦[ [And there/is« scarlet, and red, both much alike, but still different; and pink and
Vinnroon* and blue 'and liruwn' and white ami black and carmine, and oh, ever so many colors. Of course
.the" puzzle 'editor, cannot tell, -you" ; 'Jusf" which of all. these, named In Uic list above are represented In the
plcinrssXthis w the preceding sentence. -Just
.'imMletUe^nictiiresVout for yourself..*?; You iwlll find It lots of fun, besides giving yon a better knowledge
of colors 'and V good -.chance to \vlii a.prize. Begin right now. ;
v- And licre^i^anotlier; thing : that the Puzzle 'Editor. Want* to speak of. Please don't send In any tin
type ' pictures or" ' proofs U ha t 'are < u ntoiied— -which : _ means ; that \ they wil 1 .'fade~ as noon as^they are eJtpowed
to tlie sun, and don't forget to write your name and address on the, back of each and every photograph.
, And by all mean-sl^be sure that you are a prize winner before you send in any picture at all. . .
Now remember this: You will all have a chance not only to win one of those 150 prizes, but get yon*
'''^^"^P^^'^'i^y^M^--^*^"* 1 * 0 Editor wantv all jthi'prlxe winners from now on to send in thetr
picture*— -the whole' 130 every week if possible. Bejjln right now. Don't waiL The more the merrier.
There can't be too many. But remember only the prize winners can have their pictures published.
- -.' - * l-:aeli'bf t the ; Nine pictures In. this,' the Eighth contest of the Sixth Scries, represents a different Ool
'or of ' tlie ; Siiecftrum.* Can 1 you ¦ guess? ', Ah! ; There, la* a rich. Ire ward for you If you can.
'. - And now; listen AliiOlEAKE ONii HUNpKEJ> A^^^ FU-'fY FWZES.' and this la what
Ajaa i 'most "dyto^winVojie'orthemx.iV^Vj/.i.-.^ , ; '. * "
;u , j.Flnd the ¦¦nameaVof ; Nine Different Colors of the Spectrum represented by the Small Puzzle Pictures
Von this page* and write them out iir the 'space opposite.' the proper corresponding number provided for tho
.'•¦purpose'- in the coupon i on i-' this ;paRe. as per directioas: flll In the coupon with your name and address and
-the prize (you deslrc^lf^youjwln— -aiid send [the picture, with the coupon attached, to tlie EDITOK- OF .TILE
. 7 NA51E : PUZZLE PAG&;^ : •
;y ; j;^ HUNDRED AND PIPrY BOYS ANT> C5IRLS who soItb the Nln«
v Name J'Puzxles'; correctly, one ; : of; t Iiese ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will bm
1" awarded. ';<'.- : ;-v". ; : ;' -,,:¦ '.'¦.* \ ¦ ' - ¦ ¦' .,.'.._-.-'/.,- ¦ : . " . ' ¦¦ •:/. . .^ _ ¦^.•.
. _ " ' ' ~ v f A nd ' do^'t f oreft v ttilW next noln t.' . t>eonn«e . tt • «~ ?•'i-y tmnortant : ALL ANSWERS MXTST REACH
ItoIsIoFFI^ equal chance to compete,
thL<page.tb be sure that you overlook nothing thnt will help yon to win a prlxe. v
¦ ' ¦ THE NAMES O FjTHE LjUC K Y WlNNEltis : . \VlLii BE PUUUSUED LN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
WEEKS-FROM TO-DAY^vFebniarVH^ i. ' *
.':3' '¦\ThcW are 'thf' 7WPVTY .iBEAOTIFDIi.BaOK^from .which.joa 'may choow If you moire all the pm
rie».cowc4lyry I^tfy^^^ Kipling:' LJttle Lame Prince, bj Mulock:
.•Tbe'j Magic: N«ts. by' JlbieMvorth; the blaster of Ballantrae. by SterenJibii: Sloswes From an "bid Manse, by
Hawthorne: *Mu!vaney Stories."'by Kipling: Paradise Lost. by. ililton: The Pilirrlm's ProRrrw; by Uun.v»n;
Plain Talcs Frjr^ the Hills, by. W the Honse of David, by lngruli.ini: Uab nnd flls Frien^
bj^Bi-own^Samuntha at Saratosa.^b>^JHoney: ; TJie Sketch Book, by Irving: The Snow I mast*/ by Hawthorne;
Tales From • Shakespeaire, , by 'Lamb: Tom Brown's School Days, by Uughcs: .Treasure Island, by Stevenson;
Twice Told Tales, by. Hawthorne.. and ;, Uncle Tom's Cabin, by Stowe. / .'¦ --.j~. C*^
V : : : . '- : V./ANO: : Ax3OX^bF-SUP£iU'lXB'FRENCB PAIXISL r ' "O -~
--¦¦ ;¦ - ¦ - • - •¦ " ¦•.¦¦¦ / ,/ * - >._ , ¦ --S^
IF YOU CAN GUESS THESE NINE COLORS A BEAUTIFUL PRIZE
IS YOURS.
THESE ARE
THE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF JAN. 17.
San Francisco; Jack Llguori, Agnewsf
Edith McNutt, Sebastopol; Leroy
Stafford, Fresno: Martha Ward, Sac
ramento; Mildred Campbell, Watson
ville; Clay Locke. Sacramento; David
Conaot. San Jose; Harold Cowling-,
Santa Cruz; H. Perkins, Alameda;
Billie Scott. 236 Capp street. San
Francisco; Mark Brouddas, Agnew; A.
Huber. 1208 Polk street. San Fran
cisco; Gertrude Rosenbaum. 1584
Bush street. San Francisco; Mathew
Cooper, San Jose; Marie Salmon,
Stockton; Errol Winterlatham. Stock
ton; Reta Klemmer. Vallejo; Alys
Martyn. 1015 Pacific avenue. San
Francisco: Alma Doane. Alameda:
Arthur O'Meara, Ross; Ueoleon Well
ington. Torkville; Edgar Watt. By
ron: Louis Murray, Ross; Leona'
Toung, Alameda; Frank Andrews,
HI Utah street, San Francisco; Katie
Gene McAuliffe, Redwood: Harry
Lynch. 1150 Haight street, San Fran
cisco; Lizzie Kennedy, .218 Harriet
street, San Francisco; Nellie" Baker,
14 28 Webster street, San Francisco;
Bessie Huyck, 342 Scott street, San
Francisco: May Taylor. 858 Castro
street. Oakland; Helen Brill. 205 Thir
teenth, street, Oakland; Hazel Good
rich. 1380 Tenth avenue, Oakland;
Lor is Walker, East Oakland; Gladys
O'Brien. 313 Eleventh street, Oak
land; Flossie Hoke, 902 Oak street.
THT:SE are the names of th«
150 lucky children who won
prizes in the puzzle contest —
the Names of Ranks in the
Army anil Navy — published In
The Sunday Call of January 17:
Cutter, Angels; Floyd Rqurie," Grass
Valley; - Bates ' Dickson, . PetaLuma;.
Willie Clasby, 1612 Green street, '"San^
Francisco; . Oscar Crandall, San Jose;'
William Crawford. 244 Devisadero
street, San Francisco; Nellie Schebe,
1637 Ninth avenue, San Francisco;
Iona Glennon, 118 Webster., streetr
San Franclsco; r Lee Nofval!,*^Vallejo; 'y.
.CtoestBr^Ohlandl.'i2JJ 8 'j^hbury/ street*' ; :
San' Francisco;; Lea- Staiger; 952,"Ade*-"
line} street," . Oakland : Lucy i Kelly, • .4 4 5 '
Fillmore . street,* San j Francisco-; • Alleen I
Alton,;: 1516 f Castro 1 street, .San!- Fr%n-!j
clsco ; | , AHce7T|Osborri,rf 147 - Webster -":
¦treetj; San ¦ Francisco; Rdse7Culleiv 1 'i
Ritch 'street,* .Saii. Francisco;*? Edna
Schulte. .' Alsimeda: i Eddie"; FdnteneauV
SloclUoriTVAle^Iui'^'Jfwett.'V Vallejo:
Douglas r Ostrom,- 9 4 9 * Steiner .i; street. 1
Sari Francisco; Lee Girvin, 2293, Sac
ram? nto, street, - San Francisco;; Ger
aldlrieBauSch, 1417'¦¦- ;: Castro street,
Oakland : 'Ella Bausch: ; 1417 .Castro
jstreet;, Oakland; Paul Madison, Berke
ley; ; Kit-hard Sneath,' San . Bruno;. :Lee,
1 Fassett; J^a'n-'J^ise; Lucy Folsom, Sau
fsSR.mo:,*. Willie iJahl. i/.lameda:.
¦Murray*^ Sausali to; ft."'; de- la' Cruz,
rMenlo «&rkV Louis Wellheimfer, Menlo
% , Parlc :$pv; Ta f Coburn, Alameda; Philip
1 HqfTxtj&fn; : > 40 6 ', V^h Ness avenue, San
?Frar«*fsco; / 'Richard I -:Harbert, San Le-'
andro ; H. ¦ Burke. 1311 Masonic ave
nue. .San Francisco; Albert . Steinhart.
"Santa Clara; Barbara Veazte, 1124
Bush street, San Francisco; Colt El
lis', 1014 Myrtle street, Oakland;
Laura Roe, Ross; u Constance Davis,
Ross»Valley; Gladys Vezey, Modesto;
Steila Clark. Vallejo;: Ruth Gee, Val
lejo; Mason Folsom. Sausalito; Mar-
merit* Furlong. Vallejo: K«nntta
Kendall. 1076 Fourteenth street. Oak
land; Harry Blatchley. 89> Pin«
street. San Francisco; Lee Sneath,
Ban Bruno; Cecil Barker, 414 Clem
ent street. San Francisco; Emily GIllls.
1220 Seventh street. Sacramento; Jo*
Tobln. 677 Twentieth street. Oakland;
Toodle Grey. 327 L. street. Sacramen
to; Eleanor McClatchy. Sacramento;
Walter Jensen. Lincoln; Henry Rus
sell. Haywards; Auburn Allan. 151 •
Castro street. San Francisco; Hal Cur
tis. 918 Elllsistreet, San Francisco; <:.
B. Robinson. 825 Ashbury street, Saa
Francisco; W. Robinson. 825 Ash
bury street. San Francisco; Alleen
Hennessey. 1505 Clay street. San
Francisco; Ray Williamson. 2 98*
Twenty-first street. San Francisco;
Lorreto Doran, 1056 Capp street, San
Francisco; Eva Wagener. 2011 Green
street, San Francisco: Grace Fauth,
233. Fourteenth street. San Francisco;
Rosalind Rosenbersr, 36 Maoel court.
San Francisco: Paul Dunckhorst. Sac
ramento; J. McCarthy, 318 Fremont
street, San . Francisco: McKinley
Sweeney, Sacramento; Sidney Hoyt.
Vacaville; Alice Rae. 813 Diamond
Btreet. San Francisco; Ruth Dewey.
,1525 Scott street, San Francisco; Paul
Dewey, 1525 Scott streeet. San Fran
cisco: Blanche Dewey, 1525 Scott
street, San Francisco; Ellen Astley,
Vallejo; Leonard Coombs, Agnew; El
sie Humphreys,. Carson City, Nev.;
Kitty Castillo. ,1011 Kebster street,
pakland; May Mosher, 3008 Harper
street, Berkeley: Eileen Ward, Santa
Cruz; Eliza Lash. Suisun; Ella Ward,
Port Costa; Nadine AtVood. Santa
Cruz; Carrie Green, Vallejo: Gertrude
Cross. Vtsalia; Maude Laddish. Be
nlcia; Louis Norvall, Vallejo; Marie
Levey, Stockton; C. Lowenberg, Di
mond; Martha Grallert, Colma: Eu
gene Ransom. Halfmoon Bay; Eddie
Reese. Sacramento; Grace Spooner.
Stockton: " Evatt Hare, Salinas;
Howard Power, Berkeley; Herbert
Tyler, 1209 Octavia street. San Fran
cisco; Deloss Martin, l&nta Cruz;
Laura Shea, Los Angeles: Tom Scott,
East Auburn: Harlan Frost. Hay
wards: Elsie Woods. Alameda; Geor
gle Randolph. 1529. Oak street. San
Francisco; Eddie Holsworth, 1027A
Alabama street. San Francisco: Addla
Frautner, 548 Stockton street, San
Francisco; Viola Donahue. 28 Alvara
do street. San Francisco; Anita West.
829 Florida street. San Francisco;
William Smith, .Santa Rosa; Alice
.Williamson, 702 Railroad avenue,
San Francisco; Genevieve Boardman,
Nevada City: Willie Nash. San Jos«;
Raymond Mitchell. 685 Thirty-sixth
street, Oakland ; Ruth Palentine, S7 0
Oakland avenue. Oakland; Clara Mor
ris. Vacaville; . May Fletcher, Mill
Valley; Effie Squire, 1281 Waller
street, San Francisco; Marguerite
Lingenfelser. 122 Erie street. San
Francisco.
THE-SAN*- FRANCISCO - SUNDAY CALIl
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
, and Send It to
ihe Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call,' S, F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call.
6an Frandscot
Below In their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the Nine Different Colon of
the Spectrum represented in
' this week's Name Puzzles.
?
% MIMI1II »»» »^» »..%-.-»» «-»T»-»»«
f *... M «»«.»« VM .»« V ..
• •/»«»««.•«•«»«»«••*•«•»••.«
• •..»••».•»•*?- — •...
' .«•••••«..*»«»««.•¦•.,..,..
s ••• i .............
*
t
February 7, 1904,
Name .••••¦••••••••»«•»«.•••
Street or P. Q...... M ._. M ...
City ~
State ••.«••«•»«•••••«««
¦ . If I win I choose for prtz*
(Be* list of Prlzta.)' LONDON, Jan. 30.— -Mrs. Patrick
Campbell, who has made final ar
rangements to play in Sarah Bern
hardt's Paris theater next Easter and
for a run of several weeks, will be,
for. that length of time, somewhat in
the, position of pupil at the feet of the
master. People who know the trium
phant Mrs. .Campbell purely in the
.-light. of a brilliantly successful, self
sufficient actress will have to recon
struct their conception to; reconcile
them with the idea of Mrs. Campbell,
devp'teeat the shrine of Sarah. When
eyer Bernhardt plays and Mrs. Camp
bell; is about, the English tragedienne
stands' in the wings. and studies the
French woman's methods. Her atti
tude toward Bernhardt is said by
those who know them both to be
touching indeed. She feels almost
humble in~ Sarah's presence, and in
variably addresses her as "madam."
.The Bernhardt, on the other hand f
In addition to considering. Mrs. Camp
bell .one of her dearest friends, with
whom she is constantly exchanging
letters and visits, looks on -her dis
ciple's career as practically only start
ed, since Mrs. Campbell is about half
the age of the ever-youthful French
¦ woman. ~ , ¦ . . '
"¦ Mrs. .Campbell, whose husband was
killed 'at the battle of Rietfontein in
South Africa three years ago, looks
-as if she might be on, the hither side
of 30, yet she has a son who has en-
When this nobleman, gay grandson
and namesake of the great Premier,
was hard up about three years ago ha
turned to good Recount a big- collec
tion of the Peel heirlooms stored at
Drayton Manor, one of the family
seats. The library with Its collection
of autographs went for something like
$30,000, while a sale of other property
brought the total up to $180,000.
London architects who devote
themselves to preparing plans and de
signs for millionaire mansions are not
waiting to receive instructions from
the Duke of Roxburghe as to hi3 ac
tual wants In the way of a London
town house. Ever since the announce
ment of the engagement of the Duke
to Miss Goelet a number of them have
been working at express speed getting
out what they hope to be their finest
architectural creations. "Never has
there been such competition," said a
distinguished architect to the writer,
"to secure the acceptance of a de
sign." In the ordinary course it would
cost at least $5000 to prepare plans
such as some of those .that will bo
submitted speculatively. and yet it in
estimated that at least fifty are al
ready waiting for the Duke's Inspec
tion. The Dowager Duchess and Mrs.
Goelet are being bombarded with
thousands of offers and suggestions
from builders and land agents.
- Sir Robert Peel's fourth petition ir»
bankruptcy, which he filed here this
week, has set folks wondering -where
the baronet will find satisfaction for
the creditors unfortunate enough to
be caught in this last smash. Al
though It is not so very long since Sir
Robert appeared in the same court to
make arrangements for settling pre
vious obligations, the latest statement
places his debts at $7200. Not only
has the nobleman no visible assets,
but it also appears that life Insurance
amounting to 5800,000 has been used
to raise ready money which has fol
lowed the rest of an enormous for
tune.
ARCHITECTS ARE BUSY.
assisted where landlords press for
rent, but all appeals other than
through the hospitals are disregarded.
Apart from what they do them
selves directly, both ladies interest
their friends in cases that are reported
to them. Warm clothing and nour
ishing food are the gifts that Lady
Craven favors in winter, and in tho
summer months her mother sees that
convalescent persons have plenty of
fresh air down among the Surrey
hiHs. Nazareth House in Hammer
smith, which is controlled by a Roman
Catholic community, known as the
Little Sisters of the Poor, and whoso
work is providing for old people past
any useful occupation. Is also greatly
Indebted to Lady Craven and her
mother. They provide a large propor
tion of the Christmas dinner which la
an annual feature of the institution.
All the surplus delicacies from the
Bradley Martin table reach deserving
homes in the poor parts of Chelsea
and district. The servants are strictly
forbidden to part with anything to
house-to-house cadgers.
women In her company. She has
such laborious Ideals that it takes ex
traordinary actors and actresses to at
all approach them. But when she
sees that some one In her employ is
trying hard, no one exceeds Mrs.
Campbell in patience. This often,
moreover, when sho may have worked
eighteen hours out of the twenty-four,
as is quite her custom.
A London theatrical man said of
Mrs. Campbell a few days since: "She
will yet be as great an actress as
Bernhardt. She is far on the path
now and scarcely 'past 30. She has
almost Puritanical ideals of morality,
and she works as I have never seen
a woman work in my life." >. /
Mrs. Campbell's home life and so
cial life have none of the rouge-and
powder aspect attributed to the off
stage hours of acresses by those who
know little about the subject. She
lives in a typically grim and outward
ly ugly house in the quiet and rather
fashionable Kensington Square. But,
as is so often the case with a forbid
ding smoke-stained London house,,
once you get inside you find yourself
surrounded with every evidence of
rare taste in art and books. Mrs.
Campbell's favorite and most cher
ished volume is a precious Kelmscott
edition of Chaucer — her best-loved au
thor — and I have been so fortunate as
to obtain a hitherto unpublished
photograph by a famous amateur,
which shows the actress at home,
poring over this Identical tome, whose
typographical beauties can be judged
from the photograph.
Mrs. Campbell was so much feted
In America last summer, and goes
about so much over here, that she has
the reputation of being ambitious so
cially. But that reputation isn't in
accord with the facts, for instead of
When poor Pat got the news he was
employed by a hotel in some forlorn
little African town to go out and shoot
game enough daily to keep the hotel
larder filled. He was living in a 'little
hut 1 near the hotel. The gallant Pat
»shook .his head mournfully at his
wife's cabled suggestion that at last
-tlrcrevvyaa "rrioney^enough , for - both ot
them". * He' said hie didn't- want to live
on, a woman's earnings. But later on
a Kaffir robbed; him of his savings and
he gave up a struggle that had lasted
seven years i and came b'ack to London.
It was several years later that he re
turned to Africa as a volunteer.
Mrs. Campbell was born to romance,
as it were. Her father, John Tanner,
was living in Bombay, when he fell in
love with a beautiful Italian circus
rider, Louisa Romanini, whose father
was the- proprietor 'of the show, and
married her, to the great astonish
ment of his social circle in Bombay.
The daughter of this union was chris
tened. Stella Beatrice after her moth
er's sister Stella Romanini, whose
horsemanship made her also, one of
the attractions in Romanini's grand
circus. -••
Mrs. Campbell's people all live near
her in Kensington, London. Her
mother, a charming Italian who
speaks English brokenly,* almost in
variably accompanies her daughter to
kow-towing to those higher up, and
condescending to those lower down
the social scale, as the climbers have
to do. it doesn't appear to make a
particle of difference to this unusual
sort of woman whether her intimates
are Duchesses or girls who have to
work for a living. Both kinds are on
¦He*r'vtsttingt lisc;an(l 'all -are appar
ently alike to her so long as they are
quiet, thoughtful folk. She was the
intimate friend of Burne-Jones and
Lady Burne-Jones, and her London
house is filled with the artist's work
presented by him to her. Mrs. Camp
bell differs. from so many actors and
actresses who find their only deep in
terest in the actual stage. It Is her
artistic and Intellectual life rather
than her dramatic interest which de
cides her friendships for her.
MRS. MARTIN'S CHARITY.
Only those who are Immediately
concerned hardly ever hear of the
charity which Mrs. Bradley Martin
and her daughter, Lady Craven, dis
pense so generously. The London
hospitals, particularly those devoted to
women and children, are the chief
objects of their attention. Twice a
year regularly these two Americans
visit the childrtn's hospitals in
Bloomsbury and Hackney, the Women
nnrt Children's Hosnltal in Lambeth
sors— a fact that promises well for" the
boy's future. >
DAUGHTER IX GERMANY.
His sister, Mrs. Campbell's beauti
ful 16-year-old daughter, is being edu
cated in the " family of a German
Baron, but will make'her social .debut
in London before many seasons pass.
These children are a curious mixture
of their. Irish father's temperament
and the Italian artistic traits of their
mother. It is not generally known
that Mrs. Campbell and the late Pat
rick eloped at the ages of 15 and 17
respectively. They were passionately
in love, and other reports to the con
trary notwithstanding, remained so
until Mr. Campbell's death.
According to all accounts, Patrick
Campbell was a good fellow, of good
family, an excellent horseman and a
splendid shot. But he hadn't the least
knack for making money, and not
having inherited any, there were some
hard times In the family not long after
the honeymoon. In desperation
Campbell went off to South Africa in
theihope of getting rich down there,
and his wife went on the stage, cut
ting: no great figure in Sims' melo
drama, and such things. She was
playing in a part a bit like Mrs. Tan
queray one fateful night when Arthur
Pinero happened to be present. With
his genius for discerning genius he in
sisted that 'this practically unknown
woman should be cast in the title role
of "Mrs. Tanqueray," which was then
almost ready for rehearsal. The wise
waggled their heads after an unprom
ising. first act on the first night, and
told each other what a blunder Plriero
had made. What happened after the
second act is stage history.
PAT CAMPBELL'S RETURN.
English Tragedienne Is a Slave to Her Work and Her Whole Life Is
One of Careful Study and Constant Devotion to Her
Young Son and Daughter.
MRS. PATRICK CAMPBELL, FRIEND AND PROTEGEE OF BERNHARDT,
IS LOOKED UPON AS THE SUCCESSOR OF THE GREAT FRENCH ACTRESS
FAIR DUCHESS
TURNS TIME
TO INVENTION
Ma'riborough's Wife Is
Besieged by Patent
Men.
LONDON. Jan. 20.— When the
Duchess of Marlborough can spare a
moment from the many social and
public functions that make such a
huge demand upon her time she turns
for recreation to invention. She has
'•"en devoting herself energetically to
her favorite pastime lately with fa
vorable results. A packing case for
ladle?' trunks supposed to defy the
ingenuity of railway thieves is one of
her latest production?. She has also
invented a collapsible cycle sunshade
which becomes a supr^rt fox* the ma
chine when not otherwise in use. Her
new mansion in Mayfair will see many
domestic contrivances which are the
result of her inventive genius. One
v.iji be'sT kitchen table which can be
converted into a servant's writing desk
by mtrelj: touching a spring. She is
also working on a new idea for win
dows 'which architects and medical
men say will solve a difficult problem
in connection with the open-air treat
ment of consumption.
Her. Grace's method of ¦working is
easy. ' She usually carries a sketch
b<~ok about with her and makes rough
drawings and -jots down ideas as they
occur to Her. When these are elabo
rated they are sent to a model maker
with whom slie has a special contract,
«ind in whose name the patents are
registered. It is understood that she
has never yet turned her labors as an
inventor into cash, but she has been
Kgt successful lately in producing use
ful articles that I am told she may
soon place some of them on the.mar
ket. Pattnt agents are now the worry
of her life, and she is daily Inundated
t-ith suggestions about registration.
At first she cent a polite reply, but
row eJJ their Setters and circulars art
tir ceremoniously consigned to the
¦wraste pappr basket- All her arrange
ments are Intrusted to her model
maker and he is paid so handsomely
for his services that her confidences
ei«s faithfully kept — as I discovered
¦when I tried to get from him some
pictures of the Duchess's inventions.
STILL HOLDS TO THE
FLAT EARTH THEORY
Lady IlJoum of London Throws Down
the Gauntlet to the
Astronomers.
LONDON. Jan. SO. — Lady Blount,
the well-known advocate of the flat
rarth theory, has thrown down the
pauntlet to the astronomers, the
Christmas number of Home Chat she
<¦¦ haracterizes the globular hypothesis
as "the greatest myth of science," and
complains that orthodox astronomers
do not treat their opponents fairly
end ttIJI not meet their arguments.
\ "One great stock argument on
licking song, entitled "On the High
Road," and Mr. Hamish MacCunn set
it to just the kind of music that would
help a body of soldiers along on the
march. They could sing it with a
swing, and there is heartiness in the
words. Mr. MacCunn gave the mili
tary authorities the copyright . for use
in the proposed soldiers' • song ¦: book,
and a number of suitable songs, old
and new, were looked up in readiness
for the collection, a copy of which, it
was hoped, would soon be presented
to each soldier.
But the Treasury shook its head, re
fusing to sanction the expenditure of
a few pence on .each soldier, and the
project has fallen through. '
Electricity ns a war • Agent.
PARIS, Jan. 20.— A.Swiss physician
has invented, an electrical apparatus
which is said to be capable of wiping
out an entire army at a distance of
twelve miles. , The principle of the
wireless telegraphy is employed.
tered the English navy,. with the King
and Lord Charles Beresford as spon-
the '.theater. When she is prevented,
Mrs.' Hill," a sister of Mrs. Campbell,
who' is v much seen in smart society, is
in the 'dressing-room. Mrs. Campbell
is one of a ) family whose family feel
ing la unusually "strong.
¦ ; GREAT 'FUTURE PREDICTED.,
V The fact that, as Ben Greet says.
Mrs. Campbell "works »like a char
woman," accounts for the stern treat
ment she sometimes gives the men and
and the "Women's Hospital in Euston
Road. They spend a. considerable
time in each, making inquiries into the
conditions under which the patients
live when they are discharged. The
nurses are asked to make a list . of
what they consider necessary when
the patient is fit to be sent home and
in due course the stores are instructed
to* supply whatever " the nurses sug
gest. This is . done twice a year — at
midsummer and Christmas. Food as
well as clothing is supplied in this
way, but both ladies are opposed to
dispensing charity in the way of ac
tual cash. .Widows are, however,
Hangman to Sue for Libel.
PARIS, Jan. 30. — Deibler, the pub
lic executioner, is the subject of an
article by Professor Gustave Very,
who said:
"It is surprising that in the twen
tieth century there are still odious,
brutal creatures who are willing to
carry on this brutal trade."
Deibler rrtorts: "I am not a sup
porter of capital punishment, but I
must earn. a living." The headsman
concludes by announcing his Intention
to bring a libel action.
Colonel Barrington Foote, the com
mandant of Kneller Hall, the fine mili
tary musical school, where the bands
jrre trained to play, thought it would
be a good thing to have a standard
book of soldiers' songs, something
aftf-r the stylo of .the "Soldatenlieder
buch" of the German army. i
Captan Basil Hood wrote a fine, roi-
'-LONDON. Jan. 30.— Rollicking Bongs
may be written for the soldier
£ sing at camp gatherings, and melo
dies with a stately swing may be com
posed for him to ring as he marches,
but the Treasury has forbidden him
an official song book.
British War Department Opposed to
••"Encouraging Lively Lyrics
Among Troops.
• tviuli not :ssue song
,, * books to soldiers
LONDON, Jan. SO. — Embassador
Choate created a little flutter of ex
citement in Fleet street the other day
by invading the precincts sacred with
the memory of other times. Accom
panied by Miss Choate, her guest. Miss
Saunders, and Secretary Phillips, thft
Embassador, in silk hat and frock
coat, alighted. Y.'ith a party he pro
ceeded to Cheshire Cheese, where tho
arrivals startled the only other diner
at the place, an American, who was
seeing the sights of London and who
had just come from Westminster Ab
bey. The Embassadorial party ate a
historic pulding, drank ale from large
brown mugs, obligingly set their
names in the visitors* book, and de
parted.
Ambassador Goes Slumming.
Then the young nobleman went on tho
stage for a time, and even declared
that one day he meant to sit In Parlia
ment, as his ancestor did. Apparently
it was on the strength of his ambition
that he ran up the last batch of bills.
which our opponents rely," says Lady
Blount," "Is, of course; that ships at
sea disappear from view. Remark
able experiments have been made,
ships having been clearly seen with
powerful telescopes at distances of
i f.lrty «r forty miles. From Holyhead
to Kingstpwn Harbor Is sixty miles,
sjid half-way between the lighthouse
:;t the latter place has been observed
through a telescope, ¦whereas the top
t/.iould have been 600 feet below the
level of the horizon If there were any
thing in the globular theory.
¦ Really," continues the writer, "our
opponents have not a single conclusive
p.rgumnt to offer in support of
theories which It Is regarded as the
height of impertinence for any one to
ci'JJ 'n question."
ENGLISH V TRAGEDIENNE,
WHO MAT BECOME^ SUC
CESSOR .OF BERNHARDT.
Pages 17 to 20
Pages 17 to 20
;SAN^:FRANCISGO, ; SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1901/SOME WELL-KNOWN MEM
BERS OF SAN FRANCISCO
FRATERNITIES.
LONDON. Jan. 30. — Particulars are
published here of a wonderful new
motor Invented by Peter Thornley, a
Burton on Trent engineer. The inven
tion is considered of such importance
that Its development may result in ex
press and railway engines running
twice the: present speed at only half
the cost, or of Atlantic liners crossins?
from Liverpool to New York in three*
dais.
Wonderful New Motor.
High Chief Ranger G. Q. Stewart,
assisted by High Treasurer E. N.
Cameron as marshal and by the board
of San Francisco has in
stalled the officers of Court Oakland
of the Independent Order of Fores
ters for the current term. They are:
Paul Helmore, chief ranger; T. C.
Martin, vice chief ranger; S. A. Deck
ard, recording secretary; O. C. Voss,
financial secretary; R. Mott, treas
urer; Dr. J. W. Legault, court physi
cian; A. H. Hart, orator; J. W. Gwllt,
organist; L. E. Eshelman, senior war
den; J. A. Goodfellow, Junior warden;
H. B. Williams, senior beadle; L.H.
Bolllnger, Junior beadle; J. H. Mor
ritz, court deputy. After the instal
lation a banquet was served, in an ad
joining hall, which was prettily dec-
INDEPENDENTS.
The new deputy for San. Francisco
has been working for the last two
weeks organizing the new council,
which will be known by the name of
Home. It is expected that It will b«
organized with fifty charter members.
Supreme Secretary Terry was in
Grants Pass. Or., last week in the in
terest of the order-
Supreme Councilor Tugwell is ar
ranging a plan for an aggressive cam
paign throughout the entire jurlsdi#
tion.
• During January there has been con
siderable activity in the Order of
Pendo and~the record is said to be or.*
of the best In the order for that
month. A now council was in that
period instituted at Almaorgorda, New
Mexico, with thirty* charter members;
one In Douglass. Ariz., with forty; one
in Lindale, Wash., with thirty-five, and
one in Lorin. Alameda County, with
thirty.
ORDER OF PEN DO.
Past President Angle Ayers of Seven
Pines Circle, Ladies of the G. A. R.,
assisted by Abbie Powis. department
secretary, and Lilly Dunn, past presi
dent of the circle named, installed the
following named as the officers of Wil
liam McKInley Circle, Ladles of the' G.
A. R,. for the current term: Mrs. Grace
Worrell-Hull, president; Miss Lizzie
Chambers, senior vice president; Mrs.
Callle Sherwood, junior vice president;
Mrs. Anna M. Hull, secretary; Mrs.
Sarah M. Smith, treasurer; Mis3 Sarah
B. 'Beatty, chaplain; Miss Mae C.
Watts, conductor; Miss Almeh B. Col-
Stock, assistant conductor; Mrs. Helen
M. Pray, guard; Mrs. Annie M. Barber,
assistant guard; Miss Mildred Pray, or
ganist. Dr. Jennie L. Hlldebrand, the
.retiring president, was presented on be
half of the circle with a handsome
jewel, after which there were short ad
dresses by a number of visitors and
recitations by Mrs. Angle Ayers and
Mrs. A. J. Budd, which were well re
ceived.
The leap year party given by this
circle was a great success as to num
bers and entertainment. Mrs. Grace
Worrell Hull, the president, in a neat
speech introduced Mrs. California Sher
wood, chairlady of the entertainment
committee, who presented the follow
ing programme: Piano sc":>. Mnoe. von
Llndermann; recitatton, Mrs. Angle
Ayers; vocal solo. Miss Virginia Davis;
recitation. Miss Merle Colby, and Jap
anese ... fan drill by y£lght young ladies
led by Miss Elizabeth Gay. This was
McKINLEY CIRCLE.
FRIENDS OF FOREST.
Supreme Deputy Mrs. I. T. Ray
mond, assisted by the board of dep
uties of the Friends of the Fjorest, in
stalled the following named as % of
ficers of Olive Branch Lodge on the
evening of January 13, and the in
stalling officer was also assisted by a
drill team consisting of Mary Cope
land. Alena Myer, Kate Henry and
Josie Cain. Those installed #re:
Frances Barnett, past president;
Richard Moseby. president: Mary La
Berge, vice president; Lillie A. Dy
gert, financial secretary : Loi3 Bacon,
recording secretary; Nellie Miche,
marshal ; Josic Cain, warden ; Norman
Hill.. guard:, Thomas Taylor, sentinel:
Georgia Bacon, organist; Dr. William
M4Laren. v physician. On behalf of the
lodge Mrs.. Bennett, the re tiring, pres
ident, was presented a- handsome re
galia of her rank in the order, after
Buena Vista Council of the Royal
Arcanum at its first meeting in Jan
uary 'Initiated a number of strangers,
after which there were addresses by
Walter F. Lewis, D. D. G. R., Regent
C.C. McDougall and Henry R.'.Rob
blns. G. Gunzendorfer, secretary of
the council, during the evening pre
sented -William N. V. Bay and A. C.
Greenfield with handsomely decorated
steins, trophies they won In the re
cent whist contest. The council has
started another such. contest. The of
ficers of this council will be Installed
January 21*. after which there will
be a programme of entertainment.
Buena Vista is in the race for the
membership banner and the members
have pledged themselves to go to the
next Grand -Council with an increase
of 100 per cent. They further pledged
themselves to have 200 members be
fore the close of the year.
At its first meeting In January
Golden West Council Initiated one
stranger and received two applica
tions. < After the members had decid
ed to present for initiation at least
one candidate each, before the meet
ing of the next. Grand Council It was
determined to have the officers for the
ensuing term installed January 17,
by Gilbert E. Tuley, D.'D. G. R. and
regent of Argonaut Council. He will
be assisted by the officers of Argo
naut and the manner of installation
will be such as has never before been
witnessed in, a council ¦ of. this order.
Grand Regent Gunzendorfer and other
grand officers have been invited to be
present.
The. of fleers of Alameda Council for
the current term .were installed in the
early, part of January by A. H. ' Merrill,
D. D.G.R., assisted by Thomas Banks,
P. R., as guide. C.~E. Stokes is the re
gent and Edmund Burke secretary.
The reports presented before installa
tion, showed an increase of 70 per cent
during the year 1903 in membership and
a substantial gain in finance. Rev. F.
8. Brush was elected representative to
the next Grand Council of California.
The officers of Leconte Council of
Berkeley were installed in public Jan
uary 14 by Harry W. France of Sierra
Council. D. D.q..R.
Santa Rosa Council is preparing. for a
large class initiation next month.
. The officers of Le i Conte Council of
RiverBide were installed in, public last
ROYAL ARCANUM.
The following have been installed as
officers of German-American Circle of
the Independent Companions of the
Forest for the present term: Mrs. M.
Hinze. C. C: Mrs. E. Bengel, S. C; Mrs.
L. Tedde, treasurer; Mrs. F. Dank
werth, F. S.; Mrs. F. Becker, R. S.;
Mrs. C. Stieger, R. F.; Mrs. 1L
Walker, L. F.; -Mrs. ' O. Nte
baur, T. W.; Mrs. J. Hardero.
O. W. The retiring chief com
panion, Mrs. George Werner, was pre
sented' with a beautiful emblematic
badge of the organization, after which,
under the direction of Mesdames F.
Dankworth, M. Husing and G. Betta.
there was dancing and the serving of
refreshments. This circle now has a
membership of 102. The circle, in con
junction with the Verein Deutsche
Forester, gave its first annual mas
querade in San Francisco Turn Veraln
Hall January 23.
GERMAN COMPANIONS.
Smith, vice dictator; John F. Porter,
assistant dictator; Thomas Billingslea,
reporter; Fritz Palm, financial repor
ter; R. A. A. Summers, treasurer; C.
W. Apgar, guide; John Stewart, guard;
H. Schoenberg, sentinel; 'T. Billingslea,
B. E. George and T. J. Crowley, trus
tees. After the installation Past Dicta
tor Johnson, on behalf of . the lodge,
presented to the retiring dictator a
handsome emblematic badge In recog
nition of his faithful work during the
term and conscientious discharge of
his duties. Ben I. Salomon was to have
been installed as marshal; but he was
away from the city for the benefit of
his health. "Ben." as he .is usually
called in the lodge, one of the most ac
tive and energetic workers, is suffering
from partial. paralysis of the right eye
and rheumatism.- Regret was ex
pressed because he could not be pres
ent and there were words of sympathy
for him in his condition.
The following named have been in^
stalled by Grand Dictator Archibald,
assisted by Grand Reporter Thoma3
Johnstone, Grand Vice Dictator B. E._
George and Supreme Representative
Maxwell L. Crowe as the - officers of
Ivy Lodge of the Knights of Honor for
the current term: Past dictator. John
Cronin; dictator, William H. Warn
holz; vice 'dictator, Julius Harris; as
sistant dictator. Nelson R. Norton; re
porter, Isaac Onyon; financial reporter,
George C. Berg; treasurer, Henry
Schwarz: chaplain, James Hansen;
guide, Fred E. Warnholz; guardian,
Thomas Corbett; sentinel, Albert Salts.
After the ceremony of installation was
over some highly interesting and en
couraging words were spoken by the
grand officers.
Minnie Betts, G. P., has been visiting
the councils of the Daughters of Poca
hontas in Humboldt County, and while
in Eureka she assisted in organizing a
drill team and drilled the same so that
it may now work on It8 own account In
conferring the degrees.
Roxhs Tribe und AJudimo Council
of Santa Cruz gave a joint party last
week, during which the members of
the council gave an exhibition drill,
after which there was dancing.
J. W. Krone of Cosumncs Tribe of
Sacramento was in this city last week
and called on the great chief of records.
Ho r-tates that the tribe named is now
the b&nner one of the capital city.
The tribes recently instituted In
Marysville and in Chico have each or
ganized a degree team for the purpose
cf conferring the degrees.
Byron Stovall. the State organizer, Is
now at work in the San Joaquin Vnl
ley. On February 3 he will have adopt
ed In Powhattan Tribe of Lemoore a
class of forty palefaces.
Charles Alvord of Comanche'Tribe of
Elmhurst reports that that subordinate
has now a first-class degree team, the
first in many years.
Miantonomah and Yosemlte tribes
will have a contest in the adoption de
gree next Tuesday In Calumet Hall, In
the Post-street wigwam. .*
Pawnee and Awahnec tribes will have
a contest In Alameda on February 10 In
tiie a£oi>lion decree. .
I*
applications on the stump of the chief
of records from parties desirous of be
ing adopted.
The grand ball given by Seminole,
the French tribe of this city, in Na
tive Sons' Hall on the fourth Saturday
in January was a great success. There
were about 1500 people in attendance
and as many as could enjoyed thfe
dances In the hall, which was decorat
ed with American- and French flags,
the banner which this tribe won sev
eral years ago, a balloon effect in va
ried colors for a center piece and ever
greens on stage, sidewalls and gal
leries. Jules M. Godeau was the floor
manager. During intermission there
was a banquet, at which Past Great
Sachem Fred Brandt and Great Chief
of Records* Bliss were the special
guests.
Dr. Lacoste, sachem of Altahomas
Tribe, who has been in one of the lo
cal hospitals and who it was thought
would have to undergo a severe oper
ation, is recovering and fortunately
he did not have to submit to the knife.
The Foresters are working hard for
the success of the theater party. to be
given February 12 at the Central.
The same high officers and the presi
dent of the board of San Francisco
deputies paid a visit to Court Tamal
pai3 In San Rafael and were well en
tertained, and they In turn entertained
the members of the court.
stalled the officers, of that court tdt
the current terra. The ceremony was
followed by an. excellent banquet in
honor of the visitors and there" was a
joyful evening for all.
Subsequently the high chief ranger
and the . high treasurer visited the
court in Boulder Creek, where there
was an open meeting and a very pleas
ant time. A banquet closed the festivi
ties of the evening. This court, known
as Wlldwood No. 633, has a member
ship of 130, which is a remarkably good
showing for a town of 700 inhabitants.
On the fifth sleep of the cold moon
the chiefs of Kahweah Council of the
D. of P. were raised up for the current
six moons by District Deputy Great
Pocahontas Mrs. Katie Adams, assisted
by the following named acting depu
ties: PaBt Great Pocahontas Jennie
Weisel, Mrs. H. Beach, Mrs. C. Goodali,
Miss L. Unger, E. Gilleron, Miss Don
dero and Miss A. Wiman. The new
chiefs are Miss M. Huston, prophetess;
Mrs. A.- Casey. Pocahontas: Mrs. Tina
Fopen. Wenonah: A. A. Mcrviiey. pmv.
hattan. The appointed chiefs *rere
raised at the same time. Prior to. the
raising up the council had thirty-six
REDMANSHIP.
The last held meeting in January of
San Francisco Chapter was a very
pleasant one. Unexpectedly the new
officers were colled upon to prepare for
initiation, and to their credit, they hav
ing had but one rehearsal, it must be
said that they were almost perfect.
There were many i>ast grand officers
present, all of whom highly praised the
work of the officers. Mrs. Sorenson, the
conductress, was on account of illness
In her family unable to take part, but
her place was ably filled at short notice
by Mrs. Lottie Rothman. After the
work of the evening there was a social
hour, when Mrs. Cordle Wetjen Stunen
bcrg favored with a whistling solo and
vocal solos were rendered" by Madam
Delamare and H. B. Lister, after which
there was dancing and the serving of
refreshments. '
At the last meeting Jn January of
Mission Chapter the names of seven
teen candidates for admission were pre
sented and they Were elected to receive
the degree.
Olive Branch Chapter at Its last held
meeting, in the presence of a large num
ber of visitors from other chapters, had
initiation for the first time by the new
officers, who were perfect in the work
and proved by the result that they did
not fail to profit by the example set by
the preceding patron and matron. Un
der good of the order the officials were
highly complimented by a number of
the visitors, and after the close of the
lodge an excellent collation was served
to the new and old members in the
banquet hall. This chapter proposes in
the near future to have a social func
tion that will surpass anything pre
viously given.
Ivy Chapter had work In the" ini
tiatory degree at its meeting on the
fourth Tuesday in January.
Beulah Chapter has adopted the rule
of opening at the hour fixed in the by
laws so a^ "to get through the business
and ther/ have plenty of time for social
converse or entertainment." The gavel
sounds at 8 o'clock and it is proposed
to open at that hour during the entire
term.
ivas allowed to guess what the package
contained and the two who gave a cor
rect answer as to what there was in
ilie package were each awarded a prize.
The officers' party to the members of
Ivy Chapter recently was an exclusive
affair, which, it is said, was greatly en-
Joyed by those for whom it was in
tended. It was arranged and carried
out Ly J. E. Gordon, the patron.
Harmony Chapter at its last held ses
sion elected several candidates, who
will be initiated at the next session.
After the meeting there was an enter
taining programme of muEic ana songs
and a collation.
Golden Gate Chapter of the Order of
Eastern Star at its last held meeting
transact only routine business, after
which there was a social hour, during
which there was an auction of goods,
t contents unknown." The purchaser
EASTERN STAR.
Forsetrme-not Lodge of the Degree
of Honor v.ill elect representatives to
the Grand .Lodge of the order at its
meeting to-morrow night. The follow
ing named have been installed by Lucy
McNcar, D. G. C. of H., assisted by
Linda G. Malloy as grand usher, to
serve for the current term for this
lodge: Kate Manning, past chief of
Honor; .Bessie Brotherton, chief of
honor; Ella Peck, lady of honor; Clara
Farren, chief of ceremonies; Annie
Lee, recorder; May Rothganger, re
ceixer; Edward Lee. financier; Patter
son, uEhor; George Hanna, watch. The
chief of honor appointed Fred Roth
ganger as advisor and Martha and
Mabel Lester as maids of honor. After
the Installation F. Rothganger acted
as master of ceremonies at an enter
tainment and called upon Dora H.
Wilklna, P. C. of H. of Carnation
Lodge, who on behalf of the sitting
lodge presented to Martha Lester, the
retiring chief, a beautiful emblem of
the order in recognition of faithful and
conscientious services. Then followed
The grand .recorder will visit Fresno
this week to make the preliminary ar
rangements for the meeting of the
Grand Lodge of California in that city,
commencing oh the second Tuesday in
AprIL \'
Harmony Lodge of this city was the
first to initiate a candidate under the
new plan and eince then a number of
the local lodges have been following
EUit.
About February 15 there will be an
open meeting in San Jose under the
direction pf the grand officers and the
extension committee.
The grand recorder reports that
quite a large number of new applica
tions are being presented under the
new plan.
Oakland is preparing for a public
meeting on a grand scale under the
auspices of the combined lodges of
that city.-
On the last Thursday in January
there' was a public installation of the
officers of Oak Grove Lodge .it Oak
dale. The meeting was addressed by
FC-veral prominent speakers of the or
der.
Grand Recorder Spencer has re
turned from the special session of the
Supreme: Lodge relief committee,
where he succeeded in securing for
California the sum of $225,000, which
amount will settle 'all claims in this
jurisdiction listed up to January 1.
The lodge «t Crows Landing and the
one at Newman held a joint open meet
ing a few evenings since and there was
a. large attendance', which v. - as ad
dressed by Deputy Grand Master D. S.
Hirshberg.
MacKenzie. C. F. Mullin and F. Eskii
eon presented for the entertainment of
the many .who were present an inter
esting programme. Thiseineluled se
lections by Master LeveAi, a son of
one. of the members; Jiumorous mono
logue, by D. G. E. F. Anderson, whose
specialty was Jn many respects supe
rior to many professionals In that line;
Past Master Workman and Special
Organizer. R. F. Mackenzie delivered
in fine style, expressive of great imita
tive powers, the famous eharge to the
Jury from "Pickwick Papers'; the dis
trict deputy and Mr. Talbot favored
with recitations, Mr. Singletallen sang
Swiss songs, and Past Master Scheffer
of Franklin Lodge delivered an inter
esting address. After the entertain
ment all partook of a sumptuous
ppread prepared by St. John's Lodge.
The officers of St. T ohn's and Frank
lin lodges of the Ancient Order o«.'
United Workmen were inr-taile* joint
ly in the Marshall Hall of the Pioneer
bual/Jing on the night of January 14
by.J. F. Walthour, D. If. G. M. W.,
assisted by an able corps of acting
grand officers. The officers installed
are believed to be the >est that have
been elected in eitherModge for many
terms. After the installation R. F.
an interesting and cnt : 'taining pro
gramme.
The eleventh annual entertainment
and dance given by the Colonel O. F.
Long Garrison of the Army and Navy
Union, in Alcazar Hall, on the second
Wednesday in January was one of the
most successful affairs that this organ
ization has ever given, as to number in
attendance and excellence of pro
gramme, which was made up of a
pleasing address by Commander C. L.
Hermann; specialties by Fritz and
Kelly; cornet solo. Professor Kroeger;
songs, Comrade Shea; address by Past
Commander Chaplin; banjo duet, Den
nis and Kelly; vocal selections, Billy
Edmonds; piano solo. Harry Stack
house; bugle calls. Comrade S. N. An
drews Lwho wa3 General Lawton's bu
gler ar the time the general was shot
in the Philippines). After the pro
gramme there were eleven dances and
a collation. The affair was under the
direction of J. H. Rlley, chairman of
the evening; J. A. Bowden, T. A. My
ers, A. P. LIndquist and Colonel F. E.
Lynch.
COLONEL LONG GARRISON.
On the third Saturday In January
Burnaby Lodge of the Sons of St.
George celebrated its eighteenth anni
versary by giving Its members and
friends an entertainment and dance in
the Shiels building. The hall, which
was*tastcfully decorated, was crowded.
The following was the programme of
entertainment: ' Overture, barytone
solo, H. W. Gerrans, Miss Maud Jacks
accompanist; instrumental selections
by Professor Heidon's Mandolin and
Zither Club; monologue, George Cald
well; mandolin selections, C. W. Riffee;
comic songs, Thomas Booth; selections
on the zither. Professor Heidon; ad
dress, T. Bradbury, president of the
lodge: Dolly Varden minuet by Mes
dames Beauford, Merrltt, Finley, Cog
hill, Foske and Symington of the
Daughters of St. George; vocal solo.
W. Emmons. At the close of the pro
gramme there was dancing under the
direction of Thomas Wood as floor di
rector and P. C. Wood.house as assist
ant. The affair, which was enjoyed to
the utmost by all, wa3 under the su
pervision of David Johns, chairman of
the evening, assisted by the social com
mittee, composed of J. M.. Pinton, J.
Richards, A. Allison and C. W. Riffee.
SONS OF ST. GEORGE.
The last of the Masonic lodges to be
installed during the current term was
Fidelity. The officers, as follows, were
Inducted into office by Theodore Cohn,
the retiring master, assisted by Past
Master Philip Jacobovics as master of
ceremonies: Wallace Alexander Wise,
worshipful master; Jacob Nieto, senior
warden; Charles Schlessinger, junior
warden; Max Goldman, treasurer;
Frederick Barry, secretary; John Philo
Albro, senior deacon; Joseph David
Abrams, junior deacon; Sholom Silver
stone, marshal; Roy Block, senior stew
ard; Walter Albrecht Radius, junior
steward; Mitchel Joseph Myers, tyler.
After the ceremonies in St. John's Hall,
Masonic Temple, there was the presen
tation to the retiring master of a hand
some gold jewel set with diamonds, in
dicative of his rank in the fraternity,
after which there was an adjournment
to the California Hotel, where an. excel
lent banquet was partaken of by about
250 persons, members and visitors. Dur
ing the supper there was a musical
programme, instrumental by an or
chestra, and vocal by the Fidelity
Quartet, also the Liberty Song, from
"The Puritan," rendered by Messrs.
Keene and Bilmer. and a tenor solo by
Richard Hunt. The toastmaster of the
evening was Lucius L. Solomons, and
those who responded to sentiments
were: Past Master Tucker, Edward
Pexiotto, J. J. Brown, F. H. Merzbach.
A. J. Dannenbaum and Davis S. Hirsh
berg. Though last. Fidelity was not
least in the providing of a pleasant
evening for the members and their
guests. [;¦'-':¦:, -• V
At the January meeting of San Fran
cisco Council of the National Union W.
K. Wheelock, past president of Golden
Gate Council, installed the following
named as the officers for the current
term of twelve months: J. A. Ross,
president (re-elected); E. F. llurphy.
vice president; Charles H. Cook, speak
er; Ernest H. Hills, secretary; C. H.
Blinn, financial secretary and treas
urer; F. J. Harrington, chaplain; J. E.
Cummings, usher; Edward Courtney,
sergeant; L. L. . Bartlett, doorkeeper;
C. H. Hall, ex-president" (appointed);
D. J. Griffith, Dr. A. H. Mlllberrx and
C. G. Hall, trustees. Afty the instal
lation the council was closed and the
speaker provided entertainment for the
members and visitors. There was a
short programme, including several
boxing exhibitions, after which, sand
wiches and light refreshments were
serv;d.
On the fourth Saturday in January
seventeen members of El Capitan Coun
cil, each accompanied by a lady, en
joyed a dinner in one of the fashionable
rotisseries of this city, this In accord
ance with a custom of the council to
have such a dinner at which any of
the members may attend. It was a
very pleasant affair and after the serv
ing of the dessert all were called upon
to say something, and 1 the ladies were
not excused. There were present the
following named and their wives:
Joseph A. Wilson, Laurance Vincent,
Mark Levy, E. B. McManus, A. A.
Craw, R. R. Roper, S. Barlow, H. Nord
raan, Leo de Cordona, J. Cavanagh, G.
Wales, Dr. W. D. Clark, F. Deutsch
and George W. Baltic, also W. Gold
ston, J. E. Simon arid Joe Liberman and
ladies.
MASONIC,
NATIONAL UNION.
The following have been installed as
the officers of Norman Lodge of the
Knights of Honor for the current
term: N. H. Hlrshfeld, sitting past
dictator; J. A. Berliner, dictator; J.
Morris, vice dictator; I. (Michaels, as
sistant dictator; J. Gans, reporter; P.
I. Joyce, financial reporter; F. W. Zeh
fus, treasurer; J. Brock, chaplain; F.
Wilkins, guide; H. Monash, guard; A.
Selig, sentinel; D. Davis, J. Maas and
I. Michaels,' trustees.
The following were installed as the
officers of Liberty Lodge No. 3946
by District Deputy Grand Dicta
tor Thomas Learned as installing
officer, Grand Dictator Archibald as
past grand dictator and Deputy Grand
Dictator Stock as grand guide. Those
who are to conduct the lodge for the
current term are: I. Citron, past dic
tator; L. L. Fletcher,* dictator; Frank
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Court Garden City of San Jose la ar
ranging for a fraternal visit to Court
Harmony of Mayfield.
Court Snelling has consolidated with
Court' Stanislaus of Lagranga and
Court Whatcom has consolidated with
Court Bellingham of Fairhaven.
The subordinate courts will at the
last regular meeting in February elect
delegates to the subsidiary High Court,
which is to meet in this city commenc
ing May 10. It has been decided that
all proposed amendments to the law
must be in the office of the permanent
secretary by March 15.
The new court in Corning has been
named Lob Iglr. W. H. Sampson is
the chief ranger and R. R. Grove finan
cial secretary.
The executive council of the Ancient
Order of Foresters has issued a call to
all the courts of the Jurisdiction to hold
meetings on the night of March 17 and
on that night initiate a class in each
court. "Where there are two or more
courts in one locality they are to hold
a joint meeting and initiate all their
candidates in one hall. There will be
a meeting of representatives of the
courts in San Francisco. February 4, to
take the preliminary steps and on the
following night there will be a meet
ing in Oakland of the Alameda County
representatives for a like purpose.
ANCIENT FORESTERS.
followed by dancing and the serving
of light refreshments.
week by Grand Vice Regent Robert F.
Jones, assisted by Grand Secretary D.
W. Maloon. There were many present,
who, after witnessing the impressive
work, were treated to refreshments and
a collation, after which there was
dancing. ii : v '
orated. One hundred and fifty par
took of the hospitality of the lodge,
many of those present being ladies,
Including the membership of Compan
ion Court, Oakland. After the supper
there was a dance till midnight.
The new Companion court recently
instituted in Oakland by the high vice
chief ranger is composed largely of
the families of the, members, of Court
Oakland. It will hold semi-monthly
meetings in Foresters' Hall. Under a
recent decision of the supreme office,
the Companion courts will have the
right to send delegate, to the High
Court and will have the same rlght.of
representation that is now enjoyed by
delegates sent to that body from the
courts of male members; ;¦ ,'
High Vice Chief Ranger Stewart, ac
companied by High Treasurer Cam
eron, President Murphy of the San
Francisco board of deputies and twelve
members of that board, went to Court
Cerito in San Mateo last week and In-
Jennie Slater, past president; Clara
Lazansky, president; Dr. G. Rogers,
vice president; Addle McCarthy, chap
lain; Mrs. Hunter, treasurer; Mrs. J.
Miller, financial secretary; Mrs. Fred
I-Iess, recording secretary; Elebnora
Lazansky, marshal; Jennie Healy.
warden; Mrs. James Hagan, guard;
Annie Forbes, 'sentinel, and Mrs. O.
Gould, organist, have been Installed
by the deputies as the officers of Miz
pah Lodge for the current term, after
the initiation of two candidates. The
past president, Mrs. Slater, was pre
sented with a regalia of her rank,
after which the junior past president
was given a beautiful token of fra
ternal love and appreciation.
which Supreme President Mrs. L. A.
Dygert presented Mrs. Barnett a
handsome emblematic pin. Then there
was a short • programme of entertain
ment, in which Miss Lizzie McCiil
lough. Captain Grant, Mary Finlay
son and Georgia Bacon took part. The
last named is developing into a very
bright artist, appearing in a num
ber of specialties that are attracting
a great deal of attention and calling
forth hearty applause. This lodge
will have an at home in its lodgeroom
at 2131 Mission street next Wednes
day. /wV^ /
18
THF SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY.' TANUARY 31. 1904.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM"A Chinese Honeymoon" begins its
second ; and last week q,t the Columbia
Theater: to-morrow evening. Louis
James and Frederick Warde in "Alex-
SOME BRIGHT THINGS
AMONG THE PLAYHOUSE
.OFFERINGS THIS WEEK
frequently sidetracked to make way Cor
popular Interpolations'/ The book was
revised for the American production
because some of the original lines'
would be lost upon an American au
dience, just as some of the 'gags'
worked off on the stage of the Colum
bia Theater would perplex the English
author of. the piece. Wasn't- that an
appreciative crowd last night, though?
And isn't* this city beautiful and this
climate lovely? If you persuade some
philanthropist; to give, me a theater, in
San Francisco I'll forgive and forget all
the mean _thlngs you're going to write
about me— no, I won't do that,*either;
I'll just: spend /the remainder of my
days here and get even by haunting
you."
What millionaire of benevolent im
pulse .will .'help a deserving young .wo
man by presenting her with a play
house? JAMES C CRAWFORD.
cause it permits of dancing. I just
love lively dancing — "
"And pathos?"
"Of course. Am I not large enough
to harbor love for two things at one
time?" >;..;/ ";V;y;
Question sidestepped and countered:
"Is there any character in 'A Chi
nese Honeymoon' that would suit you
better than Fi-Fi does?"
¦ "I* could make the role of Mrs. Pine
apple—the typist-bride, you know— suit
me If the management would allow me
to utlJize^my own ideas.. But I hava
no ambition to play it as it Is pre
scribed by the book. It admits of pretty
gowning and that is all."
'•How do the American productloris
of 'A Chinese Honeymoon' compare
with -the London original?" >
"Comparison would be unfair to both,
because the American, productions were
arranged to find favor with the Ameri
can public, whose taste for stageware
is somewhat -different from that of the
British people. In this country the
spectacular is pretty much the whole
thing, while* in London the staging* Is
subordinate to the book arid the music.
As a consequence the London produc-,
tion is more coherent: the plot is less
obscure than it appears in our -show,,
and the Chinese music theme is Iss3
ander the Great" are announced to
fellow.
* • *
"The' Eternal City" will be kept on
the stage or the California Theater all
this week. The curtain rises at 8
o'clock sharp.
"A Colonial Girl" will be given its
first .production here to-morrow night
at the Alcazar. It is a romantic com
edy and Was originally played by Vir
ginia Harned and E.' H. Sothern.
"East ' Lynne," the play that never
fails to attract, is to be started on a
week's run to-morrow night at the
Central. .
"When Johnny Comes Marching
Home" is nearing the end of its run at
the Tivoll. It will be followed by "The
Gipsy'! Baron."
• • , *
Joseph- Arthur's play, "Lost River,"
is this week's attraction at the Grand
Opera-hause, j opening with a matinee
to-day. . Weber and 0 Fields are an
nounced for February 8.
"The Beauty Shop", continues to pack
Fischer's' Theater at every perform-
MISS TOBY CLAUDE, THE LITTLE ENGLISH ACTRESS NOW APPEARING IX THIS CITY IN "A CHINESE
HONEYMOON." WHO WANTS TO SHOW A "LOT OF THOSE PEOPLE" IN LONDON THAT SHE IS
" A SUCCESS. ¦¦-¦¦.
' The. difference between English taste
contrasted with American liking for
theatrical entertainment is again
shown In J. M. Barrie's newest satire,
"Little Mary," which Charles Frohman
recently brought out in New York. This
piece enjoyed a. run of wonderful pro
portions In London, where Barrle, de
spite his evident bitterness toward
English society, is a prime favorite. It
is an open secret that Manager Froh
man counted upon this play as one of
his biggest American successes-to-be
this season. "Little Mary" has been
seen in New York, and, strangely
enough, they have not taken to it at ail
on this side.
Weber & Fields close' their New
York season yesterday, and to-morrow
will start direct for this city with their
entire company, numbering nearly a
hundred. They will open at the Grand
Opera-house on February 8 for two
weeks, and then will play back East.
The reason for curtailing their New
York season and making this long jour
ney is because they believe there is a
larger profit awaiting them out of
town, and that It is better to realize it
than to prolong a stay in New York
that is less profitable than usual, owing
to prevailing conditions. Weber &
Fields are under a heavy expense, and
while their receipts at the Music Hall
have been large they have been less
than in previous seasons. Their ex
penses are said to be in the neighbor
hood of $7000 a week.
Sam Thall, who was at the California
Theater with "The Chaperones," says
that while here the chorus girls of his
company organized a union and way
laid Samuel Gompers, who promised to
do all he could to make the sisterhood
a national affair that will be of mutual
benefit to all the ambitious spear car
riers and "hurrah girls." Mr. Gompers
when they appealed to him may have
been joking, but the girls have taken
his proffered aid seriously and are
formulating by-laws for the proposed
union.
. • •
"Ulysses," after .a complete test to
establish its popularity with the thea
ter-going masses, has been shelved.
The season closed in Philadelphia,
where it had been playing a fortnight
to poor, business. The big poetic drama
was one of the heaviest and most ex
pensive productions of the season, and
must have cost a pretty penny. It was
brought out in this country at the
Garden Theater in New „ York City,
where it ran for some time to misera
ble: business? The road lour opened in
Cincinnati, where it played a profitable
engagement at the Grand.' Business
elsewhere was bad, and rather than
continue it at a loss Manager Frohman
GOSSIP IS BUSY WITH
FOLKS AXD THINGS THAT
rERTAIX TO THE STAGE
"Pathor is my fort**." <=ni<l Miss Toby
Claude. • *
There nas pin'-efity 1 in the ton*, and
*fcer>tieijsrn vainly artsl<id for hint of
sarcasm jn the placid .blue eye*.
If Ihe &3,mr nerds- had berti uttered
,: with simttar seriousness by Mrs. John
nie Hay of the Orpheum nay discretion
migjii Lave yieUled Ur1mpul*e to laush
\ and provok". *jw> lady to perfoiman.ee
< .' nsfiiv.ll <»ml hatterv. " iiut v. hat mSn
-¦worthy «-.f m t'he t it lt\ 'couid*' sxacinusly
.quf«;tion th«* genuineness «>f any «lecla
"l'ituai g'Jiu'.noiy Intended •<>•*» matured
• v.-omjin \*t:< stands' four feet seven and
a h.vJf iri'lvs in hi j r stocking soles and
*. tij^s ttie be-ra .it ninet^'-f^ur pounds?
- 5'rt to any"or<<~° who U»cl not Witnessed
¦ Mfcrj! Clau&£- keep ihe Oilniiibia i« h.
..v h in v might n<->t have
- ( iur.eytd^iirprhi', for it was difficult tu
Edefitity tfie doniarc little person loung<
i:rs in the room <f the* Palace
Hole! as Jhr 'ridiculous figure that had
:..rro~Rvgie3 'through "A Chinese Honey
. Ki'-i-n ' tR« previous evening. On the
" ><;:k" her cortUjTi'.' is a combination of
F:s Hoi>k;n§ and Dr. Mary Walker, and
l;-?r face is ur.'.wcly enough to serve as
o".l>elore-t«atni«nt subject for a beauty
•¦f'oetor"? •naV On the street she wears
3 rm.'desily dP5isncri gown of severe
black, sier *hst attracts no particular
v.oticr . Rf.d her rount?nam-e is destitute
" .if decoration. P'ne was returning from
a dentist's shop when 1 met nor in the
I ¦aim room-,
' If pathos is jrour f<>rt<\" 1 luminous
ly i:Ki'Ji2{<r. "r«ijy don't >"<<u i;Uxy pa-
Lhellc parts??
" "Because th* managers won't let
rr.e." Bfc.e si^hce. "I was so unfortu
nale as rb make a hit* ::i absurd com
tdy. .and ' miv, 1 I can't get a chance to
. nUenjpt adythins else. 1 love tender
lines,* anO know 1 would be just as at
ttactive to the Dublic in pretty gowns
:is in"th;.t grotesque make-up of mine
in '.Ji Chinese Honeymoon.' Uut the
ir,t= !-.•" v. ho pay the salaries evidently
thir.lc otherwise."
VEo yoS arc rot in lov« with Fi-Fi?'
'Oh, it if a good part of its kind.
but 1 wouldn't b« playing it now if
toj-ne concession lja<i not been made to
my desire- to look pretty and say
something EOfti In the second act. you
Knuw, I appear in civilized prarb and
address a few mushy words to the Em
perar. if it weren't fur that bit of re
*UetTfrom-ihe ridiculous I wouldn't be
• ab'.e to. stand the role at all. It is
a" busy part. Keeps ttk* on th
• stage .nt^rly all. the titr.e. Mor-l of mv
' c/Jstutne • 'charges are " made in the
• vings." ' •
- "Is |h«* nondescript costume in the
• firFt act yoiSr own-invention?"'
"Most of -It i»>' The.<haraeter was
. original*.^ by. Lofcie F o r©ar, In London.
and°£he d*Mn*t kuempt giotesquerie at
: alL; \V"heirthe. American production
' was arranged they selected me to ulay
Fi-Frjaj~.<! J- decided to inake" it as ab
t-lird s:« fibs^iblc."
'Then' ypu' were the originator of the
charasztpr-in thfs country?"
• Tea— a'nd no. A\ the eleventh hpur
.j=l»:trv°-oik Stepped in and ousted me."
*¦'?! it<--\vork?" ° - '-;'•; ""
* "Ye:--, "spitework, which I do not con
• filer it prudent to explain. Katie Bar
*ry. taller siA heavier than I. cot the
• i.m and is still. playing:- it in the East
ern production. But they paid me six
; *eev>« weeks' salSxy for doing nothing.
after '.hey had unsuccessfully tried to
'shatter t>ur contract by putting me on
at o'udden notice in expectation that-J
' woultki't make good. .1 disappointed
ih^ni, however, and was paid for loaf
ing: until this company 'was organized.
Then £iey put me to work as Fi-Fi.
:!r.d<Oicrre i am in Sah Francisco for
,'.hr« firft time."
'^fterai overland trip "
•'Th?t was awful. One nitflit stands
: nifj loi.g .amps between 'em. Uuh!
T4ff« remembrance of it makes me sick.
We played in such poky little towns
J^th Ojuch quej»r names, and the
weatJieV was dreadfully coid. My dls
io?n«!ort was not relieved by the dread
ful, .'^Ings I heard about San Fran
clscotcritics. Sonic of the members of
. the cxor«i>any who have been here be
¦fore told mi thai you press men 'were
*uch exacting era pits that no new
• comer cculd pierce you. Encouraging,
trasaV it? All atimg the route the
.Tnevf^papers praised my work, although
• l'v,ffl?ri't feavtrcd as the -'it* of the
>hij,v.«; but whatever pleasure I de-
JriveV froni" rcadinR the kindly words
va.8 dispelled by tb? dire prophecies
of» ff»n-.t of - -*'*e people who were
riot orjaircd i<£ a!!."
• ';?f°there were surh a thing as jeal
o-Ssy in >'«20f ; profession "
' *2^qt*.iherfc isn't, you knor. We are
v-n'ro'-f-aser to help each other to the
•tro.n* that Ve hardly thick of anything/
/;lse. ' J<:ak«?.sy? Why, my dear man,
.v-hnv. ran yolk imagine fucIt a thins?"
' A&&:n the limpid orbs defied detection
pt' rcrcssin. .
' *"N*<6. hideed," MigS Claude resumed,
T"there.-Ss no rrsor? jealousy in my pro
fessit'^i thfl? in yours, and every one
' JjEpTR'S'lhrft jealousy could not exist in
v A few more inches and a few more
pounds -would certainly have provoked
ihe" to start TOOethijigJ but a glance at
Miss' Claudes physical dimensions and
unfathomable facial expression dis- •
"ern:r-d me. <
. "It must, ho plcnsins." I meekly ven
tured, "to fool tlu:t the predictions ct
your stirse conjpanions were not ful
fiiied— that the press: unanimously pro- .
pounced you the hit of the show."
£Tc*. I'm .s::;it:fic<;— especially as I
,\\tlx not fratur^d in advance. You see,
I v.-as in doubt whether a player who
r-ann^here comparatively unherald- ;
"And enfe^tured," I suggested. •
"And unfeaturcd— thank you— would
be; treated In accordance with his or J
her abilittes. That Is why I am grat-
Ificd at having such lovely' notices :
ncre. I m f ( , r Kan Francisco's «
f=ake. !ha» an artiit who is not deeply 1
branded with the New Ycrk Etamp of !
r approval can come here and win the
recognition by his or her talents."
1 'Regardless of advance featuring?"
r Exactly."
"And I'm sure {he other members of
I your company are equally gratified at
- your triumph, even If It did prove
i 5omp of them false prophets."
: "Oh, certainly," responded Mfss
s < iau.ie. Then she inseifuously added,
1 "Why shouldn't they be gratJfled?"
To which I instantly replied, "Why;
- indeed?" •
I Miss Claude informed me that she
I has been* on the slago five years, and
1 that $.he is not, as might be inferred
from her glib mouthing of the Cock;
1 hey dialect, a native of London. She
<- \.as» born in 'Dublin, she said, of min
s!ed Irish and French parentage, and
• in the acquirement of education so
journed betimes In 'France, Germany
' and Ensland." Her exact age was not
I now afnons the autobiographical dis
closures, but the information was vol
¦ unteefed that sh<? entered theatrical
life "when quite young." As she
i talked to me she looked to be in the
; parly twenties.
"My principal ambition." she said.
1 "is to so back to London and show
! certain people there that I can act.
They would not take my word for it
; five years ago. although I \v:is then as
1 clever as I am to-day, and no London
'¦ m&nagrr would Rive mo a spealdngr
or singing part. I offered to work for
" little or nothing in return for oppor
' tunity to exhibit what I could do, but
they would not depart so widely from
L cherished British tradition as to per
" m!t a youngster — particularly such a
' tiny youngster as myself — to begin
' anywhere above the chorus. As ne
cessity did not compel me to start as
' a chorus girl, 1 decided to make my
5 debut as a principal or postpone It
; forever, ?nd finally patience was re
! -warded by my getting a 'bit' in a
London production. I played an
American girl and a German boy in
The Cadet Girl,' an Irish maid in
• 'The Prima Donna.' and a chappie in
f "The Supper Club," before I finally
' made up my mind to emigrate to a
T country where one is not obliged to
1 be as old as a grandmother to obtain
I managerial attention. One of the first
• persons to greet me on th« wharf at
¦ Xcnv York was Marcus Mayer, who
'¦ had seen me work in London. On tlia
> . spot he engaged me to play Ki-FI in
• 'The Bella of Xew York.' It was my
first important rolp and. I made more
than good in H the first night, al
though I was a stranger in the land
and — "
"Unfeatured in advance — "
"I was going to say and unknown
to fame,' but thankfully accept the
. substitute, ignoring the motive that
i prompted it."
¦ , "And since then?"
•Since then I have been able to
choose my engagements. But, as I
. have told you, the managers seem to
tvnnt me only for the sort of work I
• least like. Mr. Shubert has booked
• me to star for him next season, but
he won't reveal the character I am to
. assume. I'm ready to wager, how
. ever, that it is either a boy or a hoy
j denish girl, without a hint at pathos
. -In it. But I suppose I might as well
, be resigned to my fate."
Something malicious silently urged
\ me to comfort her by remarking that
j as a star she would be featured in ad
vance, but again her paucity of inches
and avoirdupois deterred me. So in
stead I asked her if 'Toby' was her
baptismal name.
"Every on« asks me that." she re
plied, "and the query is becoming so
tiresome that a dozen times a day I
regret the hour tlfnt 'Toby' went on .
the bills. No, J was not christened
Toby, but my father dubbed me Toby
when 1 was a toddler — because I was
bo diminutive, I «uppose — and the pet
name has clunjj to me ever since. Folk
say it's 'cute.' but I think it's ca
nine. Mr. Punch's dog is Toby, you
know."
"It's a distinctive cognomen, any
v.ny, and tha.t is something worth
having in your profession. Then.
again, it seems so applicable to your
art"
"My size, you mean, but you don't
like to say it." /
"No, I sincerely mean your art.
'Toby' is *o soubrettish — "
"That it wouldn't flt any other
branch of the business. Just think of
a tragedienne or an emotional star be
ing billed as Toby so-and-so. Wouldn't
that be the limit of Incongruity?"
"Your real name, then — "
"Must remain a mystery to your
- readers. A little mystery isn't a bad
thing to surround oneself with In this
profession, and my concealment of my
name is the only means by which I
can excite public curiosity. It was
his romantic air of mystery as much
as his singing that made Jean de
Keszkc so charming to my sex, and as
my voice is much the#same as hi3 —
you heard it last night and must con
cede that — I am entitled to wear as
much mystery as I can pile on, and
that wouldn't be nearly as much as is
necessary to envelop the stalwart form
of Mr. do Reszke. But how did you
like my singing in 'A Chinese Honey
moon?' "
Candor and gallantry went at it like
bulldogs and the conflict throttled
speech.
"Don't hurry your reply," said Miss
Claude, with deadly calmness, "and
when you ore ready to say something
-don't let it be to the effect that my
voculism charmed, because I wouldn't
believe you. Nobody can me
about my singing."
Blessed relief! I breathed It forth
in opinion that some of the songs were
rather good.
"Name them," said Miss Claude.
"Well, that medley of -nursery
rhymes, for instance.".
"It's a silly thing" — conventional
British humor — but its absurdity
seems to touch a responsive spot in
the fancy of American audiences," was
Miss Claude's criticism. "I like it be-
WITH THE
PLAYERS
AND THE
MUSIC FOLK
"Indifference, petty racial jealousies,
intrigues, disappointment . and even
failure," she says, "are but a few of
the hardships against which American
girls must contend when they go
abroad. No other singers have such a
hard time, for the American is obliged
to learn so many different languages in
order to sing in the different countries.
For example, in Germany a singer will
be allowed for one year to sing in Ital
ian an opera composed by an Italian,
but by the end of that time she must
have learned the German language or
she will no longer be recocnlzed.
"France sometimes permits German
or Italian opera to be sung, but to at
tain any degree of success, to gain' their
stamp of approval, the American girl
must not only sing in French, but with
out a foreign accent. So prejudiced are
the French in favor of their own lan
guage that they would rather hear the
wretched accent of one of their peas
ants than the accent of the foreigner,
even though she be crowned with artis
tic merit and superior ability.
"Then, again, Italy Is most conserva
tive. All music and interpretation are
confined to the Italian artist, and they
refuse tc attend a performance of a
French opera in French, or a German
opera in German, and as for an Eng
lish opera, no matter what the merits
of the artists might be, it would simply
not be tolerated. \ The Italians care
very little for the accent; what they
ask for is the language. No matter
what the opera be written in, it must
be sung in Italian or it will be vetoed
and excluded. .
"For an American singer to attain
any degree of success abroad she must
know at least four languages besides
her own. The greatest German artists
sing only In two. The Americans are
far more tolerant. Here we recognize no
nationality -in genius, but are ever
ready to applaud and appreciate merit.
Every year Americans extend a wel
come hand to artists and musicians
from every land. At the Metropolitan
Opera-house in New York I have heard
'Faust' sung in both French and Italian
at the same time. But should an Amer
ican girl abroad propose to sing her
part In English the whole opera-house
would rise in consternation. I do be
lieve in artists singing in their own
language, for if they do not exploit
their mother tongue, who will?"
Mme. Blauvelt, the.American opera,
oratorio and concert singer, who re
cently returned from an extended con
cert tour in England and on the Con
tinent, has given expression td some
very interesting comments on the ex
periences of American singers abroad.
There 13 no other American singer,
perhaps, so well qualified to speak en
this subject as she, for she gained the
greater part of her musical education
abroad and has had wide experience
in Europe in concert and in opera. She
was decorated by Queen Victoria of
England and Margherita of Italy, and
wears the medal of the Society of St.
Cecilia of Rome, the oldest singing or
ganization in the wor!d. She is the
only ¦ woman who ever received this
medal, and she and Paderewski are
the only living musicians who possess
it. Her experience and indorsements
as an artiste abroad, where she Is the
most popular American singer, give. her
observations great weight and author
ity.
MADAME BLAUVELT TELLS
OF HOW EUROPE TREATS
SINGERS FHO3I AMERICA
ance. "Roly Poly" will be its successor.
John and Emma Ray and other en
tertaining .specialties will contribute
the entertainment at the Orpheum this
week.
New moving pictures and the Chinese
baby in the incubator are' some of the
attractions retained at the Chutes.
has decided to bring the season to a
close. This is the piece he said would
be sure 'to make a hit if kept before
the public long enough, but apparently
in the light of the public's disregard
for It the experiment must have been a
costly one.
Talk about a harrowing combination!
Here is one announced- for this week
by a Baltimore stock company that
sounds good and strong. The company
is to present for the week a double
bill consisting of "Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde" and "Camille." .
"Sweet •Kitty Belairs," David Be
lasco^ latest production, .in which
Henrietta Crosman ia the star, is final
ly a great play. Thic? statement i3
due to the fact that, another person
has stepped forward to claim that the
piece is taken from an original manu
script submitted to Belasco some sea
«sons ago. It is never considered that
a Bolasco play is a genuine success
until some one bobs to the surface «*r»d
charges the producer with having
borrowed their idea?. The latest
claimant for such distinction is Marie
Montagu, who claims that a Ions
time ago she wrote a piece called
"Sweet Jasmine." She thinks the man
uscript must have fallen into Belaa
co's hands, for the Crosman vehicle,
according to her allegations, follows
the plot and Incidents of that story
rather closely. Belasco say3 he never
heard of Miss Montagu, and that his
latest effort is a dramatization of
Egerton Castles novel, "The Bath
Comedy."
"Joseph Entangled," a new comedy
by Henry Arthur Jones, has been*suc
cessfully launched in London. The
comedy is said to be bright and enter
taining in its way, but deals with the
rather unwholesome subject of a sin
gle sister endeavoring to shield her
married si3ter from being discovered
by her husband for her part in an in
trigue. The theme is rather sugges
tive of Clyde Fitch's "Frisky Mrs.
Johnson." The piece was fairly well
received by the London critics, and
the chances are that it will last out
.the present season in London.
Captain Robert Marshall, the au
thor of '"A Royal Family" and "His
Excellency, the Governor," has
brought out another br".Iiant success
in London. His latest effort is called
"The Duke of Killiecrankie." It was
produced at the Criterion Theater In
London and won a brilliant success,
according to the cable news from the
other side. The play kept the house
in roars of laughter, according to th<»
same authority. Its interest hinges
upon the abduction of the willful he
roine by the Duke, who carries her off
to his Scotch castle, the escapade win
ning her love.
Win McConnell is "forninst" the show
girls and in favor of good, old-fash
ioned .tights. Commenting on the new
demands coming to the surface in East
ern theatrical circles he says:
"This Is the last season the show girl
will be exploited to any considerable
extent. She has been a very costly ex
periment for the managers, and they
have storehouses. full of Parisian gowns
that are not worth a cent on the dollar.
'Florodora' started the craze for show
women and imported gowns. . It mad*
a hit, and the public seemed to want
it." Then every manager insisted on
dressing all his women in long trains.
This would be all right if they couid
only get the girls to wear them, but
your Maxie Mudd cannot throw down
the washboard, don fine dresses and
act up tb them. It won't do. All show
girls look alike.
"What the managers want to do ia
to get back to tights or knee or ankle
dresses. Just as soon as you pi»t a
chorus girl in a low-necxed dres3 she
must, live up or down to the dress and
becomes dignified and humorous to ihe
public- She apes the manners of tha
Astorbilts and is a huge joke. Go back
to the Lydla Thompson days and gtvs
us tights and have the chorus girla
play themselves."
Dr. Richard Strauss, the eminent
German conductor and composer, who
comes to America this spring, is said to
be looking forward with as much pleas
ure to the trip as are his many ad
mirers on this side. The fact is Dr.
Strauss is very much Americanized in
many ways already, and for a down
right strenuous existence is a mate for
President Roosevelt. He has been
known, for example, to rehearse and
conduct an important concert in ona
day and to take the train immediately
after and travel all night, only to reach
his destination in time for a brief rest
before plunging again into a long and
arduous rehearsal, followed by a bril
liant concert, at which audience and
orchestra alike have been stimulated to
the highest pitch of enthusiasm; then
supper and talk with friends until al
most morning, when he was once mor»
ready to resume his seat on the train.
Dorothy Russell has made her stage
appearance in "Olympe." The fact
is not given here for its artistic im
portance. She has but a small part
in the new play. But she is the daugh
ter of that queen regnant of theatri
cal beauties, Lillian Russell, her
father being Lillian Russell's second
husband. Edward Solomon. He was
a music composer, and after she had
sung a certain ballad of his a hun
dred times, with its refrain about "a
silver line from your heart to mine"
at the end of each of its sex-en verses
— counting in the average number of
encores, making 400 repetitions — and
Solomon sitting right there in front of
her as conductor of the comic opera
every time she warbled it, gazing up
into her eyes soulfully and waving
his wand hypnotically, and all the
while the silver line carrying a cur
rent of love between his heart and
hers — well, under all those conditions,
what else could she *do but marry
him? Melody is potent with her. Her
first husband, Braham, was an or
chestra leader, and her third, Peru
gini, was a tenor vocalist. Cynthia
Leonard, noted in her day as a scien
tific writer and lecturer on ethnolog
ical subjects, declared that mothers
might give birth to very much such
children as they wished to if only they
put their minds on it. She declared
that uhe practiced what she preached,
her desire being a beautiful daughter
with a wonderful voice, and the result
was the baby who grew up into Lil
lian Russell. Perhaps Lillian did not
believe in her* parent's theory. Any
way, if she tried it she failed. Dor
othy Ilussell is no more than. comely
and she hasn't a singing voice.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1904.
19THREE YOUNG. WOMEN WHO
HAVE BEEN 'FETED MUCH
THIS SEASON. :~C4'0v
And now comes another splendid ch —
no— not charity, but opportunity. It is
for the completion of the Sailors' Club
house at Vallejo, where the sailor lad
dies may; be "at home" when* ashore.
Helen Gould(bless heH) has built such
a home in Brooklyn, X. Y.. a3 has been
built -in Vallejo, and with marvelous
success. ¦ ; - - . *. '-.'-'
Now 540,000 must , be : raised .to clear
the clubhouse' of debt. Now this is how
it's going to be done: On. February; 3,
at the ; Al hambra : Theater; - 1 here ; is go
ing to.be a performance;by»the'."jack
ies'.' • themselves — and -let,."', him who
thinks Indifferently of it blowiin'atre-
ground and loved — according to their
lyrical capabilities — was a stunt that
was as clever — and cleverer — than
many aTfairs of like character on our
legitimate stage. .
The monologist, Watson, and the
singers. Mrs. Youngberg and Miss
Gertrude Wheeler, were well ap
plauded, and deservedly so.
And as for the clever corps of wait
ers, no German count or baron could
have done nobler. The following
chaps wielded the trays — and without
a single «.->itastrophe; Lloyd Baldwin,
Wilbur Burnett, Gerald Itathbone,
Will Page, Athole McBean, Mr. Peth-
erick. Worthington Ames, Wlllard
Drown, Seward McXear, Sidney Salis
bury; Lieutenant Rosseau. U. S. X.;
Wilfrid Page, .Mr. Young, Karl How
ard, William Goldsborough, Millen
Griffith, James Jenkins, Coppee
Thurston and Thomas, Berry.
Willfird Drown was a "poem" as the
cellarman. In blue flannel shirt, dec
ollete, and overalls, leather apron and
clanking chain about his neck, he
wrenched as . many feminine necks as
he did corks. And weren't the .waiter
maids pretty?" Giiido 'Georgi as the
seductive Seville, cigarette' girl was a
good impersonation. He— or she-
was so flirtatious and -coy. 'Many a
dollar went into his— or her—tam
bourine for the good of - the; cause,
won by an artful smile' and a sinuous
shrus:.
nth. .Mrs. Seward ; McXear and Mrs.
Alfred Lilley, all of whom. labored
early and late for the splendid" char
ity, were amply rewarded. ; The Cafe
Chantant was a distinct success!
Thursday night Mr. and Mrs. Homer
S. King- gave a large ball at their
Broadway home in honor of Miss Her
rlck. The young ladies of the house
hold had been visiting In Santa Bar
bara, but returned for the dance look
ing fresh and radiant from the salt sea
dipping. .
On Friday night the assembly held
the boards. Buds, belles and beaux
attended this last function of the week
with a spirit born of expectancy. Were
ever Ned Greenway's dances stupid?
On the saTme night the hop at tho
Presidio proved a drawing card, and
many maidens -with predilections for
the allurements nt the army went out.
Wednesday night brought* the bril
liant Borel ball, which will ijve long In
the memory as an affair of note.
dear' girls look debonair and fresh— and
newly gowned— at each. "How?" Oh,
ask me something easy. I cannot con
ceive how their poor little feet are not*
a-weary, but they don't seem to be.
Tuesday night brought the Coleman
dance at the Century Club house, in
honor of Miss Lucy ('.win Coleman and
Miss Pomcroy, and was a radiant night
•for the buds and their particular pro
teges.
,¦¦ Mrs. Gordon y Blandlng on , Tuesday
gave an elaborate luncheon at the Uni-
On the same day Mrs. Maurice Casey
gave a large affair »'*_ which ««ven
handed euchre was played. Mrs. Casey's
functions are always delightfully ar
ranged, her home lending itself ad
mirably to entertainment of any type.
She will entertain again on Saturday,
February 13.; r
Yesterday Mrs. Frank Bates gave a
large affair at her home, when bridge
was the order of the hour. There seems
to be a sort of fascination about bridge
that holds its votaries to it.
Luncheons and dinners during the
week were. as numerous as the hours
that made it. Prominent amongthem
was the dinner given on Monday by
Mrs. George C. Boardman to the bridal
party of the Drowh-Boardman . wed
ding.
-'.Mrs. -A. Haas gave a large Iunchejn
at the Palace.
street entertained a number of friends
on Tuesday in a charming manner at
the game of 509. which, by the way, is
a close second to bridge in popularity.
Mrs. John Simpson entertained thirty
guests at euchre on Thursday.
Mayer? Mr. Howard's songs were
capital. As for Jack -Xoyes, well, he
would probably have been going yet
if he hadn't forcibly ejected himself
from the platform. His songs were
distinct hits, suffering four vociferous
recalls.
The Bedelia octet, between Mrs.
Mark Gerstle, Miss Pearl Landers,
Miss Ethyl Hager and Miss Lucie
Kinjr, in the Maple Room, and Roy
Pike, Billy Smith. Burbank Somers
and Powell Hutchings, in the Marble
Room, where they- all met on neutral
The wedding will figure as one of the
largest affairs of the season, 175 guests
having been bidden to the service in the
Marble room of the Palace, the Rev.
William K. Guthrie officiating.
It has bren whispered into my willing
raris that the men about town are
"hurt" — win-fully "hurt" — bless them;
fur l^ins _EinipI« accessories at wedding
functions* "Even the groom," they
The details of the duff-Wilson wed
ding are growing apace. The gowns
nr<» tx*!ng bullied for the lovely bride
and her equally lovely matron and
rnaids of honor. The bridesmaids'
gowns of chiffon will suggest the petals
of a Brabant rose, deep pink, then
graduating to the faintest tint of a
Miinmer sunset. What a picture they
v.ill make — Sirs. John D. Spreckels Jr.,
matron of honor; Miss Ethyl Hager,
Miss Helen de Young ana Miss Califor
nia Cluff!
• • •
ful face are now unalterably "bad
0 form"— hence its passing. This is dis
tinctly the age of health, happiness and
a real joy In living— and may- these
blessings follow the loving folk herein
1 presented— likewise all who are without
the fold, but who are none theiess fond
e lovc*.
Xow, isn't that a 1 good record for the
diligence of the. blind little god during
the winter?" Though physically blind,
this clever little fellow has been ana
lytic in his selections— and the truth to
tell, it is time he was. for he has made
pome lamentable matches. However,
all things being equal, Cupid is a good
ijttle fellove. and the one god without
whom life would be a wretchedly
dreary wfistfe. O,. and' so stupid! So.
whatever^nisj mistakes, let ' us credit
him with the joys he brings— and Tor
pet the -tears. It is only the "sunshine
that should remain with us any way,
f'?r. like ra°dium, it rejuvenates Us and
Makes us'glard, and gladnej^ is the key
l'Ote of successful life. Time was when
it watsjaif enviable thing to. assume a
to tenderly nurse a
•sorrow and to go about- with a qu?ver
irg"voice "with ; a tear in it. But, the
p»ds bt thanked, the tear and the woe-
' Miss-MabcrQuatman and Lieutenant
Alexander .Xeely Mitchell, U. S. N.i
February 10. •
Miss Florence Callaghan and Vincent
<5* Laveaga,
Miss Mabel Donaldson .and George
Chase/, \ % .~ : :';.-,. ;
Miss Daisy. Burns arid Jason Gould.
Miss Frances- Harjis! and Ernest A.
Ptent. •: * .. "
Miss Edna.. Barry «und Philip Clay.
Miss May B.urge and Bernard Miller.
Mi=$ Florence Boone . and • Ralph
Phelps. "vj;
Miss Eleanor Eekart and Edward
Hume. • ' " • : ¦
Miss 51 a 5: Young and Dr= MacXab.
Miss Elsa Cook and Teddy Greenfield.
Miss Bessie -Gowan and Thomas Has-
Miss Ruth; Quinnan and Charles
Mark* •
Such lajsong that Cupid's been sing
isig into the ears of our' pretty society
maidens,, and lot the result— wooings,
capitulations, ' andT-weddings ad libi
tum: * r
Yesterday Miss Drown became the
bride pi. Samuel Bpardman, and Miss
Jacqueline Moore of J.ohn J. Valentine.
That's o*ily- a; beginning of the feast of
nuptials to follow-^and blessings on
you, chG-dren.
Herewith Is a partial list— and there
are other, imminent' on'ps a-coming— of
the recently betrothed couples, whose
nuptials ¦will occur. before or just after
Easter; -wlU) the .. exception of Miss
Gouan's, who.se marriage will be sol
emnized in China, where her fiance is
an attache of the legation:
• Miss Mabel Cluff and Jack Wilson, to
be married on February 10.
The mountains ftiss high heaven.
And the -waves flasp one another;
Xo sister flower would -be forgiven
If it disdained- it* Jbrother. •
And'the eunliglit clasps the earth*
And tlie* mopt'ibcams kiss the sea—
What are ajl these Riflings worth
If thou ki?s not me?
Who will soon forget Alex Ros
borough in a Billy Emerson rig
and with almost — I say almost — an
Emersonian voice; likewise Shafter
Howard, sacrilegiously wearing a hat
that belongs to the head of Marcus
What fine Parisians San Franciscans
would make — that is how naturally
they fall into the spirit of the French
cafe. You didn't go to the Cafe
Chantant? Well. then. I wouldn't
jeopardize my social status by ac
knowledging it. Everybody — that is,
nearly everybody In our smart set —
was there, laughed, drank beer in
boulevardier fashion, chatted^ and
thoroughly enjoyed the stunts done by
the clever clientele of society who can
do things. And the Twentieth Cen
tury orchestra, led by Ben Lathrop
and ably abetted by Miss Bessie Ames,
\vps a wonder.
Many guests went over on the 2:30
after having witnessed the beautiful
Drown-Boardman wedding on this
side.
The nuptials of Miss Jacqueline
Moore and John J. Valentine yester
day at the Church of the Advent, Oak
land, was a notable affair in society
over the bay — likewise on this side.
The bridesmaids, five of them, besides
a maid of honor and a first brides
maid, presented a picture that brought
forth many politely suppressed "Ohs"
and "Ahs." They were Miss Marion
Goodfellow. Miss Ethel Moore, Miss
Ethel S. Valentine, Miss Marion Smith
and Miss Belle Hooper.
Lend me your ear and I'll whisper a
little tale anent the story of trousseau
gathering. A pretty bride-to-be wan
dered into a large Post-street estab
lishment a few days ago that is much
frequented by brides-to-be for the pur
chase of— well, it doesn't matter just
what— and after the deliberation due
such Important, purchases closed her
bargains. Pending the arrival of the
change she rested her weary little pom
padour on her muff and — went to sleep.
"Well, the policeman on the beat didn't
see her. nor did the proprietor; and only
when the shrill shout of "Cash" rang
out beside her did she come to— and with
an amused but bewildered smile she
pocketed her change and walked out.
"Tired? ". Well, it's a wonder she's not
mad, with the wild delirium of enter
tainments, dressmakers and— but that
may be a joy— the long, lingering visits
of her ardent fiance.
say. "is simply there to fill a parf. And
as to the rest of us fellows, the ushers,
why we get the overlook badly." Well,
the fact is, the bride HAS the center of
the stage, and her maids. And she de
serves it, after spending four hours a
day for months getting her clothes into
shape to fill that role.
stunning Mrs. John Siebe. who bore
off the second prize, Mrs. Frank Mo
roney capturing first honors.
Miss Jane Martell and Miss Adele F.
Martell on Thursday gave an elab
orate entertainment at cards, playing
seven-handed euchre at twenty-one
tables.
Mrs. Thomas H. Xichols of Buchanan
Card parties • were very much in
vogue during the week. Mrs. Albert
Sutton gave a ? delightful affair last
Saturday In honor of Miss Julia
Sprague of Tacoma.
Mrs. Charles C. Butler on the same
day was hostess at a six-handed
euchre party in honor of her daughter,
Mrs.' Charles Clarence Breeden.
On Friday last one of the largest
card parties of the week was given by
Mrs. William G. Irwin in honor of Mrs.
Romualdo Pacheco, the talented play
wright, who is visiting her daughter,
Mrs. Tevis. Bridge was the game of
the afternoon.
Mrs. Pacheco will remain some time
before her return to New York.
Mrs. John Grant- Sutton entertained
again on Friday at euchre, when
twenty-four guests played for the tro
phies.
Mrs. Edward Vere Saunders enter
tained a large party at euchre on Fri
day at her home on Green street.
Mrs. George Habenlcht on Satur
day last gave a delightful four-handed
euchre party at her home, when she
entertained forty guests. Among the
fortunate trophy winners was the
• • •
hearsal and see. The show is a capi
tal one — and friends, the cause is bet
ter. The pitfalls for the sailor lad
ashore for the first time In many
months are many. In his conspicuous
uniform he Is hardly a welcome guest
at an uptown hotel and the resorts
that do hail him with delight are not
calculated to improve his mental or
moral equipment. Grogshops are his
only lounging places and it is this con
dition that Mrs. McCalla and her co
workers are endeavoring to overcome.
At the auction sale on Tuesday great
enthusiasm was displayed in the gath
ering in of the boxes, "William Greer
Harrison covering himself with glory
as the man on the block. Boxes were
purchased by Mrs. Abby Parrott, Mrs.
W. T. Tevls. William Dutton, John
Rothschild, Mrs. W. G. Irwin, John
Parrott, Dr. Harry Tevis, Colonel
George Pippy and the Corinthian
Yacht Club. . £&S
The patronesses of this splendid
project are Mrs. Abby Parrott, Mrs.
William Tevis, Mrs. William G. Irwin,
Mrs. Daniel H. Kane, Mrs. F. G. San
born, Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mrs. George
Oulton, Mrs. John E. Page, Mrs. M. H.
de Young, Mk. Herbert Folger and
Mrs. B. H. McCalla.
Success to the sailor lads' entertain
ment on the 3d.
As for dances and balls, the week
has been replete with them. And the
Mrs. E. O. McCormlck entertained
Mrs. Taft, wife of Governor Taft. at
luncheon at the Palace on Wednesday,
when twelve guests were Invited to
meet the visitor.
Saturday brought th» luncheon of
Mrs. Joseph Trilley, which proved to
be a delightful affair. Her Fillmore
street home is always the abiding place
of hospitality.
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Moore Jr. on
Thursday gave a charming dinner to
Miss Jaquellne Moore and her fiance,
John J. Valentine, who were wedded
yesterday.
. Mrs. Peter D. Martin was the guest
of honor — and a winsome guest she was
—at a luncheon given by Mrs. George
Pope on Thursday.
Miss Bertha Young was hostess at a
luncheon on Wednesday at her home
at "Rosecrest" in Oakland, when Mrs.
Harry Macfarlane was the guest of
honor.
Miss Alico Sullivan, the popular de
butante, was the guest of honor at a
luncheon on Wednesday, -when Mrs.
Ryland "Wallace entertained for her.
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Spreckels gave
a well-appointed dinner on Wednesday
night preceding the Borel*ball» when
they entertained the following guests:
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Buckbee. Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton, Mrs. Harry
Macfarlane. Miss Grace Spreckels. Miss
Lily Spreckels, Miss Jennie Blair. Miss
Gertrude Dutton, Miss Katherine Dll
1 en, Harry Holbrook, Emery Wlnship.
Frank Owen, Dr. Eugene Zelle, Edgar
Mizner and Richard M. Hotallng.
Mrs. "Warren Dearborn dark gave a
luncheon to" twelve guests on Wednes
day.
*
versity Club, entertaining thirty-five
guests in charming manner.
On Tuesday Mrs. Fred Tallant enter
tained at luncheon In honor of her
pretty niece. Miss Elsie Tallant, one of
the most popular debutantes.
Miss Jennie Blair on Wednesday gave
a luncheon, elegant In appointments,
at the Hotel Richelieu In honor of Miss
Margaret Xewhall and Miss Gertrude
Hyde-Smith. Her guests Included Miss
Margaret Newhall, Miss Gertrude
Hyde-Smith, Miss Emily Wilson, Miss
Emllie Parrott, Mrs. Abby Parrot t.
Miss Marie Christine de Gulgne, Miss
Josephine de Gulgne. Miss Ethel Dean.
Miss Helen Chesebrough. Miss Lucia
King, Miss Gertrude Dutton, Miss Bes
sie Wilson, Miss Pearl Landers, Miss
Elsie Sperry. JIlss Etelka Williar, Mi33
Florence Callaghan, Miss Mabel Dodge.
Miss Gertrude Jolllffe, Miss Edith Simp
son, Miss Katherine Dillon, Miss Lily
Spreckels, Miss Ethel Hager, Miss Con
stance de Young, Miss Ella O'Connor,
Miss Bertha Dolbeer and Miss Florenco
Whlttell. ; ?V*
THE SAN : FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 31, 1904.
Miss ; Betty Ashe, - , she who has
mothered the Telegraph Hill Settle
ment for the benefit of our little Latin
brethren, must • have ¦ been ,' happy at
the outpouring: of society.-!. "-
Mrs. McLaren. ' Mrs. Ben Lathrop,
Mrs. Latham MoMullen',. Mrs.' Monroe
Salisbury. Mrs. Edward L. Eyre. Mrs.
James' Otis, Mrs. Carter "¦'Pomcroy,
Miss Emily Carolan, • Miss Alice Grif-
CUPID INVADES THE RANKS OF THE SMART SET
20PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Alcaiar — "The Masqueraders."
¦ Matinee To-Day.
California — "The Sternal City."
Central — "Quo Vadi»." Matinee
To-Day.
Cnutea — VftuflevUle.
Columbia— '"A Chinese Honey
moon."
riBchcr'* — "The Beauty Shop."
Grand — "Lost River." Matinee
To-nay.
Orpne^m — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
Tivoll — "When Johnny Cornea
' BXarchlnr Home."
THE THEATESS.
Continued on Pasc 22, Column 4*
Gniber^Goes to the Union Pacific.
OMAHA.' Neb., Jan. 30.—Announce
ment » was ; made to-day at Union Pa
cific; headquarters that> J. , M. Gruber,
who'recently resigned from ; the 'Rock
Island, where he was 'superintendent
of west ? division, will be; general
superintendent -of the Union Pacific.
Gruber; will'have J his 'headquarters at
Omaha.-, . /-. ,
Inciting Chim»M* Against I "orcigners.
CAXTOX, China. Jan. 30. — Placards
•vere posted about this city during the
night inciting the natives to attack
«-:id burn :he Shmnein .suburb, which
is the European quarter. The Consuls
have demanded protection of the
Viceroy. —
When about, two ."miles from home
four young men 'observed the animal's'
distress and asked Levine to stop long,
enough to.cive it a rest He refused
and a^ain began plying the whip..Fi
nally tne •' four men_; took the. driver;
from his -seat, unhitched the colt,"
hitched Levine in r its place and forced
him to help, the other, horse to 'haul
the load: home. Levine balked at
first, but the whip induced him to pull.
Levine was nearly dead when he
reached home. He was arrested by a
humane officer, and 'pleaded guilty -to
a charge of -cruelty before Mayor;
Eberwein of ..Marblehead. ¦' Sentence
has not been pronounced.
David Lloyd George. Liberal, denounc
ing the Government's recent education
act, and the employment of Chinese la
bor In the Transvaal is likely, to come
in for severe 'criticism. . .,
.A- few months agp.these topics, would
have.' attracted" intense ~ interest *'and
might have, driven the Government'in
to a: corner.-. Now, they are almost ifor
gotten in the question of the hour— free
trade vs.' - protection— which has put
British ? policies' at ¦•* sixes ' and - sevens.
Many >, members 'of -the i House of.' Com
mons scarcely know, their own mlnd ( as
yet on the vital, tppic" and -several are
undecided; on whichrSide T of the 'House
to sit when the King convenes Parlia
ment next Tuesday.*:;-.- \ ... . :l.i ; -
TOLEDO, Ohio, Jan. 30. — George
Levine to-day drove an old horse and
a two-year-old colt \ from Marblehead
to Port Clinton and took home a'sled
load of goods. The colt gave out and
he whipped it' brutally. •'
Special Dispatch to The Call
• .LONDON, Jan.- 30. — The fireproof
ballet- girl : is an outgrowth of the ter
rible Iroquois Theater fire in Chfcago.
Generul attention has been directed to
places of amusement in London; to
the necessity ; of public authorities
exercising- control over * the . theaters
ntnl- music ¦ halls and to the needs of
rendering all furniture and fittings of
the stage fire resisting. The subject
has been engaging the attention of the
Alhiimbra management, which has de
termined that no inflammable material
should -be used in the new ballet called
"The Year 'Round" produced there.
,A ; number of interested guests. were
invited' to the Alhambra to witness the
experiments". , .Even jthe costumes
which come into contact with electric
lighting effects .were rendered unin
flammable. ; ; In case of woodwork, so
complete; was the progress, that every
fiber, was impregnated with 1 a , fire-re
sisting? solution. ' A: blocK was', split
open and?a Bhaving taken from, the
center. .'i.Even that was incapable of
combustion' when: subjected either to
the flames or, a gas ' jet or the. intense
Heat of an uncovered electric arc lamp,
Experiments 'with "canvas,** gauze, Cot
ton, ,wool, artificial : flowers, .paper,
and all-'maner of flmsy fabrics proved
equally ¦ successful. •:.;
Special * Cable to The Call and. New York
Herald. Copyright. 1004,- by the New York
llenltl Publishing Company.
¦ California AwsoHation Issues a Sched
ule at J'r<'-iio \\ fill a Number
of Stringent Guarantees.
FIUESNO. Jan. 30. — The directors
of the California Raisin Growers' As
sociation to-day announced the prices
on raisins for the remainder of the
s'-ason. The prices announced are
. Kuarantepd against reduction. The
poods referred to are standard. The
directors announce that any surplus
c not wanted by the market will be sold
to distillers, grape acid factories or
for expori undr-r «urh stringent guar
antees that the trade may be positively
«-ertain that none will appear on the
\ Amrrican market as raisins. Follow
ing is the announcement of prices:
srade*, SO-Ib! cssos— 2-crown loo»*
muscatel*, :>\ir r # r U, ; 3-crown, 5%c; 4
«rom-n, «4c; s*ed!rss loow muscatels, 4',ic;
. n *£ed!eaa floated. l<£c: 2. crown Malara lcos«\
.'•••: .".-crown .".'-!: .. : lies*. 5Sc; e«-<1l«t!3 eul
¦ mnse. unbleached, 41-c: >r -,,u<-*s Thompsons.
.unbl«>,*rh*'d, .'.'•..<. Ijijfr.-, per 20-pound box—
ti-crovtn Imwrial Omen, $¦:: .Wiwn V^hma.
rlui-terh. ?2 .V»; «-fro\vii f a n<y clusters. |2: .'!
¦ ¦ >wn Jyondon layrrs. $i 3$. «- C rown London
!.'<t:;. ?1 :.... 1 .-iwi advan.P f,, r fractional
byxej layer*. BewJed— Faacy l«-oz. cartons.
l*t Ih._. <•>,,; tancjr 12-. z. rarunf. p^r pack
«"• " ••¦: faocv bulk cat-Una. r*- r 11... 7'4^:
choice- u;-oz. .artont. p<-r lb.. 7'-o; cholco 12
* cirtons. jjer rm^kaire. «i, c ; ch oL-e bulk
<s.rlrmi.. :^r Ih. 4 i,, : j«i^ z rarton8 pp^^
i-f.1l.-KS mii^tHs. i*r lb.. 7< ; I2-O/.. .-artons
f«-Mr<l f^aless tnusratrl*. r,o r 1b 5*ic* bulk
sredfd KedWa muscatel*, per H>.. # 6*ic. '
GKOWEKS OF HAIS1XS
ANNOUXCi: Till!: PRICES
PARIS, Jan. 30. — It is understood
here in best informed diplomatic cir
cles that" Russia's. reply to Japan will
be • conciliatory, but will differ in no
essential manner from her attitude al
ready declared. The French Govern
ment has been informed of every step
taken by Russia in reaching a decis
.ion, but the full tenor of her reply
has not yet reached the Foreign Of
fice. . The Gaulois quotes a high au
thority as 'follows:
¦ ''Russia .will not declare war unless
she is attacked by Japan. This is the
will of the Czar and the fundamental
base upon which negotiations will be
continued. At St. Petersburg It is be
lieved Japan, despite her belligerent at
titude, appreciates the madness of en
gaging, in war. The Manchurian ques
tion has become a question of honor
with Russia, but If she feels she can
not abandon the region she is at least
disposed to make all possible conces
sions'relating to commerce and open
ports there. In these respects the Gov
ernment will show Itself extremely con
ciliatory- and I have no doubt that an
accord can be reached. With reeard to
Korea. Russia does not contest Japan's
preponderance, but insists upon the in
tegrity of the kingdom, and. while not
objecting to the landing of a detach
ment of Japanese for the preservation
of order, she will consider the debarka
tion of ah army as a casus belli.
" "Russia is ready . to - give satisfac
tion to the legitimate claims of the
Japanese ¦ oh the condition that her
interests _. be safeguarded. At thl3
hour war depends upon two cventual
ities-^-an attack by Japanese or a local
incident in . Korea necessitating mili
tary intervention.*'
Czar Will Wait
for Japan to
Attack.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. CO.-"It will
be astonishing if Japan remains inflexi
ble." were the significant words of an
official of the Foreign Office in speaking
of the Russian response to the Japanese
proposals, which will be dispatched to
Tokio next week.
The remark was not intended to con-
IIu-»ia Gives Japan Opportunity to
. Continue Negotiations.. . ¦
MAY POSTPONE CRISIS.
If the reply should prove to be com
pletely unsatisfactory to Japan, the
outcome of the conference is manifest.
Should it give -partial satisfaction, an
other exchange of notes is possible, al
though there remains slight room '.for
additional diplomacy.
although It has received various re
ports, the majority of which say that
the reply will be satisfactory. None,
however, emanate from a source
which warrants their full acceptance
as correct. In the judgment of many
just now the character of the note
does not warrant the belief that Count #
Lamsdorff, the Russian Minister of
Foreign Affairs, has given out the
slightest Intimation of Its contents.
Even that carries little assurance, for
the reason that the Russian and Jap
anese conceptions of what constitues
a fair bargain vary materially. The
Government of Japan does not expect
the delivery of the Russian reply for a
few day and when it comes it probably
will be considered by the throne in
conference with the Cabinet and Elder
Statesmen.
The presumption that Russia has
made concessions does not, in thft
least, warrant the conclusion that
.there will be a peaceful settlement of
the existing difficulties. Russia's en
tire proposition will be carefully
scrutinized and every condition and
contingency of the situation closely
weighed.
Ohio Residents Pun
ish Driver for ,
Brutality.
London G&orus Girls
Danctt Queer
Raiment.
ROANOKE, Va.. Jan. SO.— When
'George Shields arrived at his home in
this city to-day he found his 3-year-old
daughter Mildred lying in the entrance
.hall in a i»ool of blood and his wife in a
.closet on the second lloor with two
wounds in her head and unconscious.
A . razor and a bloody hatchet were
found just outside the closet, the door
¦*'f which had ¦ been barricaded with a
/•hair. Mrs. Shields regained conscious
"ness sufficiently to say that she was
Struck on the head with the hatchet by
a negro. The child will die and. the
mother may be fatally wounded. There
55.. no clow to the tvould-be murderer.
The motive is thought to be robbery.
The city is in an excited condition over
the tragedy.
Unknown Negro Enters a Home
.and 3Iakes Murderous Attack
on Woman and Her Daughter
FIREPROOF
APPAREL IN
THE BALLET
HITCH MAN
AND HORSE
TO WAGON
RULER OF THE.JAPANESE EMPIRE. WHO MAINTAINS FIRM ATTI
TUDE'TOWARD THE CZAR. AND. GENERAL WHO .WILL COMMAND
RUSSIAN. LAND FORCES IN THE EVENT, OF WAR. .
If was not until the formation of
the Women's International Maybrick
Association in London a few years ago
that any organ ized effort was made.
The president of the, association,. Dr.
Helen Densmore. is a New Yorker.
The vice president, Mrs. Katherine
Prindiville, is a Chioagoan. — — _
Americans have not failed to ex
press sympathy for Mrs. Maybrick.
From time to time in the many years
that she has found her world behind
the bars of Woking. prison powerful
friends on this side of the Atlantic
have labored in her behalf. .
Semi-official petitions from the
members of the Cabinet of the United
States were sent to Lord Salisbury,'
eliciting no replies. The late • Mrs.
Harrison during her life in the White
House sent a letter to the Queen beg
ging her clemency for Mrs. Maybrick.
This letter was signed by Mrs. Harri
son. Mrs. Blaine, Mrs. Foster, wife of
Secretary Foster, and Mrs. Rush, wife
of Secretary Rush. Gail Hamilton
worked early and late with her whole
heart In the case until stricken by
paralysis.
In the deaths of James G. Blaine
and Walter Q. Gresham Mrs. Maybrick
lost stanch friends. They fully be
lieved in her innocence and gave free
expression of their opinions on all oc
casions.
Mrs. Maybrick is a daughter of Will
iam S. Chandler, son of a well-known
lawyer of Mobile, Ala. Her mother,
who is now the Baroness de Roques,
was Carrie E. Hoi brook of New York.
Florence E. Chandler met and married
James E. Maybrick of Liverpool in 1SS1.
She was 18 and he was 42 years old.
In ISS9 Maybrick died and his two
brothers charged the widow with his
murder. She was arrested and tried
for the crime. A letter which Mrs. May
brick charged the nurse to mail led to
her arrest. It was intended for "A.
Biierly, Liverpool." The man was ad
dressed as "darling" and the signature
was "Slorrte."
Arsenic was found in Maybrick's
stomach. Justice Stephens, the pre
siding Judge at the ¦ trial; delivered a
strong charge to the jury, charging the
defendant with infidelity as well as
murder. His remarks were based on
the guilty tone of Mrs. Maybrick's let
tor which the nurse had given to one
of the dead man's brothers.
Soon afterward Justice Stephens be
came insane and this fact was used by
Mrs. Maybrick's friends to Influence
the Home Secretary to pardon her.
Most officials turned a deaf ear to the
pleadings of many of the most influen
tial people in England, to say nothing
of the efforts of hundreds of promi
nent Americans. ¦ Since then the efforts
in behalf of the prisoner have been re
peatedly renewed, but heretofore with
out success.
In 1S89 Mrs. Florence Elizabeth May
brick was found guilty of the murder
of her husband, James E. Maybrick.
The Home Secretary, yielding to the
entreaties of many prominent men,
among them Sir Charles Russell, com
muted the sentence to imprisonment
for life.
Mrs. Maybrick, the paper con
cludes, during the last few months in
prison was employed in the lightest
work as a reward for good conduct.
LONDON, Jan. 31:— Lloyd's Weekly
Newspapc'r says, this morning that
Mrs. Florence' Maybrick. the Ameri
can Voman whuJ was serving a life
sentence for having poisoned her hus
band, was released from -the Ayles
bury female .-convl'ct prison at 6:45
o'clock- on the morning . of January
25, on special license. Her "mother,
the 'paper says, had Visited her on
January 23 and evidently was the
bearer of important, news. The gov
ernor of the prison on Sunday con
ferred with the prison officials, with a
view of arranging for the departure
of the prisoner, which was carried out
very quietly."
Mrs. Maybricl$, Accompanied by one
of jhe prison matrons, entered a
closed carriage and drove to Ayles
bury station, wnere she took a train
for London. She drove from Euston
station and from there went to a pri
vate house not (ar from the metropo
lis. She will remain there for a short
period, in order to recuperate and to
await the completion of certain for
malities which will give her a free
dom of movement not allowed by per
sons on ordinary ticket of leave. .
Jfrnericah]. Woman
Leaoes British .,
• . Prison. '
."AafERICAX WOMAN* WHO
HAS PASSED MANY YEARS
. IN BRITISH PRISON.
The Irish party's tentative support
of the , government . is understood to
be due to the assurances of George
Wyndham. the' Chief Secretary for Ire
land, that he will establish a Catholic
university In Dublin, and will amend
the Irish land purchase act. Despite
this, however, Redmond intends to at
tack the King's speech with a home
rule amendment. It is not likely to be
attended by serious results, but the
schisms of the English parties, swept
by a storm of conflicting fiscal convic
tions, are generally admitted to consti
tute Ireland's opportunity, and Red
mond is now the only leader in the
House who can rely upon the consist
ent, solid supp<5rt of his followers on
all occasions.
THEMES OF' KING'S SPEECH. /
The King's speech is likely to first
deal with British neutrality in the Far
Eastern crisis. It undoubtedly will out*
line the proposed domestic legislation,
the chief item of which will be the pro
hibition of the immigration of destitute
aliens, on the lines now in force in the
United States. Immigrants- who are
permitted to land will be subjected to a
system of registration and will be com-'
pelled to report themselves to the rcg
ictrar of btrths and deaths of the dis
trict in which; they reside. Any dis
trict becoming congested can be prohib
ited to aliens.
Besides the amendments by . Morley
and Redmond, the Government will be
attacked on the report of the War Com
mittee. This will be taken up by Wil
liam S. Robson, the Liberal.
Another amendment will be moved by
The best informed persons say that,
even in the event of a temporary
coalition of 'all the free trade forces,
the Irish party has the deciding vote,
and all indications point to John Red
mond keeping Balfour in power. But,
as Redmond does not make definite
pledges, the Irish party throughout the
session is likely to be an uncertain
factor. That will heighten Interest, and
any day may make it possible for Bal
four to be deposed.
Strenuous efforts are now making to
get the free trade Unionist members
not only to abstain from voting, but to
openly join the Liberal forces in the
opposition lobby. However, even if this
be accomplished and the Duke of Dev
onshire's followers make common cause
with the Liberals under the leadership
of Lord Rosebery. It would not consti
tute a solution of the differences of
opinion which exist between Sir Henry
Campbell-Bannerman and the Liberal
ex-Premier.
. The labor party completes the triple
division ¦ of the Liberal free traders'
ranks. . i
John Redmond and the Irish party
make the seventh faction. ' ,. ¦ • ¦
ATTACK WILL COME EARLY.
\ In view of this complex state of af
fairs, largely due to events since Par
liament last met, the most astute poli
ticians soundly confess themselves to
be at sea. So many Cabinet Minis
ters, including Joseph Chamberlain,
Charles T. Ritchie and Lord George
Hamilton, will be absent from their ac
customed places on the front bench on
Tuesday that the oldest Parliamentary
hands will scarcely be able to distin
guish between the supporters and the
opponents of the Government cm the
fiscal question.
The Duke of Devonshire, Lord Ave
bury, Mr. Goschen, Sir John Gorst,
Lord George Hamilton, Lord Hugh Ce
cil, Winston SDencer Churchill and
many others identified with the present
party in power will be Balfour's most
bitter opponents the moment the fiscal
question is raised. That will - come
quickly, for John Morley intends to in
troduce an amendment to the King's
speech on this point. It is possible that
Morley may turn out the Government.
The debate is likely to take up several
days.
The Liberals, though they were al
most to a man free traders, are . split
up Into twocdeflnite factions, ore^fol
lowing Sirr Henry" Campbell-Banner
man arid -insisting on home rule, and
the other regarding Lord Rosebery as
their logical leader and refusing to
make home rule a plank of their plat
form; - , -.''¦'-. .
i LONDON, Jan. 30.— King Edward will
open in full state on February 2 what
promises to bo one of the most inter
esting and •Important* sessions in the
history of the British Parliament. E,v
ery nation in the w'orld is .materially
concerned in the divisions that will
shortly occur in the House of ¦Commons
•and upon their result the future policy
of the British Empire must largely "de
pend.
,, No Government of recent times has
ever refaced the legislature under such
altered conditions. Since Parliament
adjourned in June last not only has
the Cabinet been entirely reconstruct
ed, but Jhe party lines have been com
pletely broken.
Seven distinct factions will take seats
in the House of Commons on Tuesday,
namely: The followers of Premier Bal
four, who favor a policy of tariff re
taliation, but who object to protection;
the Chamberlain party, which jpsists
that protection is necessary to the unity
of the empire; the out and out free
traders, who are opposed to any tink
ering with'the fiscal system. The fore
going were ail formerly known as Un
ionists. • .
FOUL CRIME
STIRS ROANOKE
•¦i Iso derived considerable-revenue .from
loyalties on the sale of his books and
. his elevation to the Presidency has
„ fine? Increiufed their popularity.
. I The President has a large family
• 'i»nd he is fond -of entertaining . his
frierids. Scarcely a day passes that
)'.r. does not have sevei-al prominent
;mei! from various i:>arts 'of the coun
."•'try at luncheon. . The formal .dinners
ju the White' House have always been
'irenerous. but' last year and this year
:. they have i>een given with an unpre
• «'edent«-d l;;vishness. Last Thursday
'the president gave a dinner for' the
judiciary to which were bidden
' seventy-eight puests. This was tol
\ -owed by a dinner last night, at which
i twenty- four persons were present, and
later in the evening there was a mu
• sicale. for which more than 200 invi
. tations had beeil issued. The Presi
v *iont gave a dinner to-nigrht, at which
••..th«» principal quests were Secretary
float und Judsre Taft.
liancy of the functions which have
nude the White House tTjejreal ce<iter
of Washinjtton social gayety. .
President Roosevejt is not an ex
ceedingly wealthy man. When he was
elected Govrrnor of New York his for
luno'vas estimated at 52JO,00<h .'He
anything and President Roosevelt .has
surpassed ail of them'in the bril-
; CALL BUREAU. H0« G STREET,
¦ T>. \V., WASHIXtiTO£..Jan. 30^-lt is
• believed that President Roosevelt,
1 through the agency of good frienjis in
Congress, \vill try to 'obtain* an.'in
• < rease of the Presidential salary. He
;. h-as caused it to become known ""that
" elaborate entertaining in "the White
•*. House is compelling him to make deep
. jtiroads upon his private fortujrie. The
' ?o0,000 he receives as salary from Jhe
Govferoment is far too small to- stand
the strfiin of constant receptions, din
m-rs. luncheons, musicales and . teas.
'. Few; of his predecessors in otfte.e" saved
SpecisJ r^sr&tt-h .to The \'a!l
Leaders of- Irish Party Hold Balance
of Power and Can Dictate to •
* the Government.
.Executive Is Liberal * Entertainer and
• Makes White Hohse Center pf -
Washington Social Lite. " "
Momentous- Session of Par
liament Will Open
•on Tuesday.
'Salary Too Smalt to Meet
;¦ Expense ; Attached to
i the Office.
British Ministry Is
in | pical
Position.'
Being Nation's Chief
Is Costly j). Mr.:
• ;: Roosevelt: :
BALFOUR'S
RULE MAY
BE ENDED
Confines Japan's
Influence to the
South.
Czar Must Have
Free Hand in
Manchuria.
Special Cabi-gram to The Call and N>w Tort
Herald. Copyright. J,:*i4. by the New" Yorlt
Herald Publishing Company.
...».;¦
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. SO.— The re
port telegraphed to English papers
from here that the St. Petersburg re
serves have been warned to hold them
selves in readiness is untrue. It is sup
posed that 4Jie writer has fallen into the
hands of joker. Even the
large coritingent of the guard regiment
here and at the Tsarskoe Selo has not
been notified to prepare for active ser
vice, which would be the case if the
supposedly large number, of "troops in
the eastern provinces had proved in
sufficient.
Equally false is the pretended knowl
edge of the reply of Russia, which 13
construed as giving way to Japan's de
mands. Such reports are laughed at in
the Foreign Office. On the contrary, it
will be found that in the very friendly,
almost paternally, worded reply which
this country is about to make and
which it is sincerely hoped will pave
the way to further negotiations. Japan
will be reminded that Russia also has a
minimum and tlat she cannot give any
binding promises to Japan, which coun
try must be satisfied with a sphere of
influence in .Southern V Korea, leaving
the north as the sphere of influence of
Russia.
Russia further urges the Japanese
Government to withdraw all impossible
demands. This completely coincides on
all points with the statement of my
most reliable informants during the last
week. It al3o finds voice in an evident
ly inspired article in the Nojioe Vremya
this morning:.
The president of the Bourse to-day
said that war appeared inevitable. Rus
stan 4's failed to recover the point lost
yesterday. The rest of the market
sagged badly.
JAPAN HAS NO PEACE NEWS.
of the Kussian Note.
Docs Xot. Expect Immediate Delivery
TOKIO, Jan. 30. — The Government
does not. it is said, possess any defi
nite Russian information concerning
the character of the forthcoming note.
RUSSIAN NOTE MAKES NO CONCESSIONS,
THOUGH COUCHED IM PATERNAL TERMS
FREEDOM
FOR MRS.
MAYBRICK
PRESIDENT'S
FORTUNE IS
DIMINISHING
VOLUME MCV— NO. <£.
Forrcp.st made at San Fran
eirco for thirty hoars cndinsr
Trnrtririt. January 31:
Saa Francisco and vicinity —
Fair Sunday: liarht northeast
winds, chansrinr to northwest.
A. G. KcADIE,
District Forecaster.
r TEC WEATHER.
FORTY-FOUR PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, -JANUARY 31, -3 904.— PAGES 21 TO 32.
The San Francisco CallSTANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan.
29.— "William Butler Yeats, Irish poet
and scholar, addressed a large audi
ence of college people in Assembly Hall
this afternoon on the subject "Heroic
Poetry of Ancient Ireland." The
speaker had a very appreciative au
dience. After speaking of the prom
inent part the old Irish legends have
played and are playing in Irish litera
ture and dwelling at length on the ef
fect it has had on the character of the
Irish people. Yeats read selections
from his* own works that elicited ap
plause from h!s hearers.
"The first Irish legends," said the
speaker, "were the ancestors 'of Euro
pean romance. The old Celtic " poets
felt for wild nature as no modern poets
feel. It has been said • that in
Wordsworth we see the first return
to nature, yet these Irish. poet« wrote
centuries before him. The old heroic
poetry is merely an attempt to create
types of old heroic womanhood and old
heroic manhood, and has had a won
derful effect on the culture and charac
ter of the Celtic people. The reason*
Addresses a Large Audience of Stu
dents- in Assembly Hall on Heroic
Poetry of Ancient Ireland.
POET YEATS VISITS
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
that the Irish legends have never been
fully appreciated is that until La3y
Gregory began her work they had
never been properly translated."
SAN JOSE. Jan. 29.— William Butler
Yeats, the IriBh poet, addressed a large
and fashionable audience In the hall at
Santa Clara College this evening. All
the prominent educators and literary
men and women of the county .were
present. James D. Phelan presided. An
original poem dedicated to ]M[r. Yeats
was recited by Gerald Beaumont. A
number of Irish songs were rendered by
Gilbert C. Farley. James D. Phelan
made a short address introducing Mr.
Yeaft, and Dr. A. E. Osborne an
nounced the events.
'Fil'TPBITiG, Jan. 30.— The position of di
rector of the I^ittebunj * orch«^tra has -t*«-n
offer** tr> Welter • uamrosfh in succession to
Victor '•Herbert, whose resignation V**
fffprt-'at the ckj* of the prt»ent season,
riacmtdfcji v.ili rive his Vhfwer in a few days.
London Firm . Directed to Construct
Two Powerful Vessels at Once.
LONDON, Jan. 30.— Vlckers, Maxim
JAPAN ORDERS WARSHIPS.
Suspects Are Still in Jail.
NAPA, Jan. 29.— The two men -who
were arrested near here yesterday by
Deputy Sheriff Ryan of Sonoma and
Constable Secord of Napa, and who are
suspected of being implicated in the
robbery of the station at Vineland, are
still held in custody here. Chief of
Police Stanford of Vallejo 1 says their
description tallies with that of the two
men who attempted to rob Ed True in
his saloon at Vallejo Tuesday night.
Th& prisoners gave the names of James
McHugh and Joseph Shulz.
FLOW OP CALIFORNIA RIVERS.
The following table elves a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers in cubic feet per
second, or second feet. The figures tor th«
last year may bo revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by S. G. Bennett.
hydrography. United States Geological Survey:
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON.
I Second Feet
V',< -DATE. I
I 1903. 1904.
January 17 8.650 10 150
¦ January 18 8.3SO 15.960
| January 19 S.380 14.1SO -
January 20 8,580 12.770
January 21 9.550 11,750
January 22 32,000 11.110
January 23 61.CS0 10.470
TCOLUMNB RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
\ Second Feet.
. - ¦¦' 1003. I 1004..
January 17 250 105
January 18... '.250 513
January 19......... • 30O - . 310'
January SO 2M) ' 2tH>
! January 21. ............... COO- - i:ss
| January. 22...' 30Q 15D
January 23... .....| 350 135
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
'// \ Second Feet. .'
January 17 32O' 243
January 18.: 320 2S3
January 19.... 320 27S
January 20 320 257
January 21.... S60 222
January 22. 320 257
January 23 ' 300 '232
TULE RIVER. NEAR PORTERVILLK.
Second Feet.
DATE.^ « : -J
1903. 1904.
January 17 49 27
January IS 40 51
January 19..... 40 ' .19
January 20. ............... 49 37
Januarv 21. -.;, 47 ¦ 37
January 22 47 37
January 23. 17 j 37
VENTURA, Jan. 20.— Trustees George
C. Power and Eugene P. Foster are
advertising the Del Norte rancho for
sale. The property, consisting of 7000
acres, will be sold on March 2, also 5475
shares of stock of the Santa Clara Wa
ter and Irrigating Company.
In l?02 this ranch was sold by Leo
poldo Fchiappa Pietra to the Callfor
nfe Farm and Fcuit Company of Man
chester, Englana, through E. L. Tem
ple. The consideration named was
$1,312,600. Only $50,000 was paid. Two
annual payments have defaulted. Du
<?ald Scott is the majority stockholder
in the English syndicate.
A suit is now landing in the United
States Circuit Court at Los Angeles
for the amendment of the contract and
return of all money paid. Scott alleges
that he was defrauded by Schiappa
Pietra, Temple, Power and Foster. On
Wednesday Sheriff McMartin sold, un
der a writ of attachment obtained by
Scott against the company, all of the
personal property of the company.
George C. Power was manager of the
company and cannot collect $3900 sal
ary. The Northwestern National Bank
of Los. Angeles has an attachment for
$200 and Walter C. Newhall has an at
tachment for $1500.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Seven Thousand Acres in
&oiithern California to Be
Disposed of Very Quickly
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— The follow
ing Californians are here: From San
Francisco — Mrs. Bradley, at the Im
perial; L. H. Cary, at the Westmin
ster; L. Eschen, B. Eh linger, at the
Herald Square; Mrs. L. B. Smith, at
the Imperial; G. K. Hooper, at the
Navarre; Mrs. J. M. Shotwell, Mrs. M.
Tourfee. at the Imperial; H. S. How
ard, at the Grand Union; Miss L. 6r
rington, at the Rossmore.
From Los Angeles — A. T. Anderson,
at the St. D§nis.
Callfornlans in New York.
Past Grand President Lucius L. Sol
omon has installed the following named
as officers of Cremieux Lodge of the
Ordfy| of B'nai B'rith for the current
termT Max Blackfield, monitor; Samuel
Weisskopf, president; Hugo Loewy,
vice president; Sam S. Green, secre
tary; E. P. Btrassburger, treasurer; B.
Braunstein, assistant monitor; I. Ves
telnik, warden; S. Hoffman, trustee;
Dr. Joseph Bayer, physician. The fol
lowing named have been installed as
officers of California Lodge of the same
order. T. J. Zekind, president; Sol J.
Levy, vice president; Julius Israelsy,
secretary; M. Garren, treasurer; Phil
Manson, monitor; H. Ehlers, warden;
N. H. Hirshfeld, guardian; H. Rubin.
Simon Wolf and Hyman Wolf, trustees.
B'NAI B'RITH.
LONDON, Jan. 30. — A dispatch
to * Reuter's Telegram Company
from St. Petersburg says ' the
transportation of merchandise over
the Trans-Siberian Railroad ¦ will be
stopped after February 2, in order to
leave the line open for the convey
ance of troops and stores. This dis
patch adds that War Minister Kuro
patkin will be appointed to command
the Russian land forces in the event
of war with Japan.
Will Direct the Russian Land Forces
in the Event of War.
KUROPATKIX TO COMMAND.
SALE TO END
THE LITIGATION
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2$. — The
Chamber of Commerce directors to
day annulled the contract with Caterer,
Charles Zinkand for the use of the en
tire first floor of the new Chamber of
Commerce building as a cafe. When
the building was planned Zinkand se
cured a leasehold and announced his
intention of establishing a cafe which
would be finer than anything in this
part of the country. His plans includ
ed furnishings of a magnificence sel
dom put in any building. The'build
ing has been completed • and Zin
kand has done nothing. The presi
dent of the Chamber of Commerce
says Zinkand would not even answer
his letters and after waiting for weeks
on him the board abrogated the con
tract. ,
Los Angeles Chamber of ; Commerce
Tires of Waiting for Him to Open
Cafe in New Building.
ZINKAND'S CONTRACT
- IS FINALLY CANCELED
CHICAGO, Jen. SO.— Building Com
missioner Williams has notified those
in charge of the prominent hospitals
that th£y must receive no new patients
in th<Mr institutions until certain, speci
fied charprp^ire made.
XEU'VOItK, Jan. 30. — Mayor Mc-
Clellan to-day notified the'managers of
ninet<X'ft° theaters that, having been in
formed that they had failed to fulfill
promises made by . them to adopt
measure* of safety prescribed by the
Fire, Health and Building depart
ments,-hje would pive them up to mid
night fjtTTuPsdky to inaugurate t'he re^
forms', .and that, in.the event of failure
ttf. do so, he would then exert all his
power. io compel compliance, i. '
NEW RESTRICTIONS TOR '
CHICAGO HOSPITALS
Rev. Mr. HIndley, grasping the sit
uation, stepped quickly to the front of
the platform and cried, "Dort't rush
out. The fire is already under control.
You are in no. danger. Keep your
seats." The partly panic-stricken peo
ple stopped, and, reassured by the
calm attitude of the minister, around
whom the smoke was curling from the
Increasing blaze, finally quieted down.
Two men went Into the basement and
extinguished the blaze. The fire was
not under control when Rev. Mr.
Hindley said it was, but his audience
is Inclined to forgive his 'slight de
parture from the truth.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Jan. 29. — The
presence of mind of Rev. J..W. Hind
ley averted a panic during a fire to
night at the Second . United Presby
terian Church in Spokane. Rev. Mr.
Hind ley and Rev. Mr. Berry were upon
the platform, and, as the prayer was
being uttered a tiny jet of flame shot
up at the bottom of the platform di
rectlyMn front of where the ministers
knelt. The fire came from an electric
light wire. Instantly an alarm was
given, some one yelling "Fire!" As
one man the .audience rose and the
rush to the doors at the' j-ear com
menced.
MINISTER PREVENTS
PANIC IX A CHURCH
Lemuel P. Crane, a pioneer of this
city, where for twenty-five years he
was employed by the Southern Pa
cific Company, died at an early hour
yesterday morning at his home, 404
Central avenue. Deceased was a na
tive of New York, 81 years of age
and is survived by a widow and sev
en children, Frank, Irving and Doug
lass Crane and Mrs,. C. W. Lang, Mrs.
J. TodM.'Mrs. H. C. Donnells and Mrs.
J. H. Marshall. He retired from the.
freight auditing department of the
Southern Pacific Company some time
ago and later he began failing, until
death quietly called him yesterday at
dawn. The funeral services will be
held at the undertaking parlors of
Halsted & .Co. to-morrow morning
Interment will be private.
Dies Peacefully at Dawn.
The Daily Graphic, which to-day re
asserted that the Russian reply was
communicated to Japan on January 27,
was probably misled by a partial
knowledge of the contents of the tele
gram received here from the British
Embassador in St. Petersburg on Jan
uary 26, but which subsequent events
proved to be incorrect.
Baron Hayashi, the Japanese Minis;
ter to Great made minute in^
quiries at the Foreign Office yesterday
evening and was informed that the
British -Government had not received
any further information. Baron Hay
ashi declares the situation, therefore,
is quite unchanged, and presumes that
Minister Grlscom in some way attrib
uted to the British Embassador in St.
Petersburg what really emanated from
Count Lamsdorff.
The Foreign Office, confirming the
statement of the Japanese legation in
regard to the receipt of and the re
telegraphing of the telegram of Janu
ary 26, adds:
"The British Embassador at St.
Petersburg did not express an opinion
as to whether or not the Russian reply
would be satisfactory tp Japan."
On January 26 the British Embassa
dor in St. Petersburg telegraphed to
Foreign Secretary Lansdowne in Lon
don that he had interviewed the Rus
sian Foreign Minister, Count Lams
dorff, that morning, and that Count
Lamsdorff eaid the Russian reply
would be dispatched the same evening,
and that he, Count Lamsdorff, believed
it would be satisfactory to Japan,
These facts were retelegraphed to the
British Minister t<J Japan, Sir Claude
Macdonald, and also were communi
cated to the diplomats who attended
Lord Lansdowne's reception on Janu
ary 27. Count Lamsdorff's intentions,
however, evidently miscarried, for 'the
Foreign Office and the Japanese lega
tion both confirm the statements made
in press dispatches from St. Petersburg
and Tokio yesterday that no reply had
yet been sent and that there was noth
ing to indicate what its real nature
would be. *
LONDON, Jan. 30.— According to the
Japanese legation here Griscom's cable
message from Tokio to the State De
partment in Washington .saying that
the British Embassador in St. Peters
burg telegraphed to the British lega
tion in Tokio that the Russian reply
to ..Japan would be satisfactory was
based on the following facts:
Slight Foundation for Ills Cablegram
v ? Predicting Peace,
GRISCOMTS' ERROR EXPIiAIXED.
LONLJON, Jan. 30. — Wreaths ar.cl other floral
tributes to-day bedecked the etatue of Chari™
I In Trafalgar Square, In commemoration of
the 235th annirersary of his execution. Tho
Royal Oak Club of Edinburgh and the Whit«
Ccckade Club and other Jacobite societies sent
their usual wreaths.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 30. — The steamer Xetiras
kan* of the American-Hawaiian Lin«. bound
from San Francisco to Nfw York, came into
port this moralnfc in order to make minor
but necessary repairs before proceeding on her
long voyage.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30— The War Depart
ment has announced that by the latter part o?
th» summer or early fall there will be enoujh
new Springfield rifles on hand to equip the en
tire army and that this ¦will be done as quickly
as possible.
Henry Beltchino, China secretary
to the Russian Legation at Peking, ar
rived on the steamship Gaelic from
the Orient yesterday and is registered
at the Occidental. He is on his way
to Russia. He does not think war will
develop out of the present contentions
between Japan and Russia and loyally
insists that his own country will win If
hostilities should be declared. He says
there was litle war talk in Peking
when he left there and that the Chi
nese were extremely friendly toward
Russia.
Charles T. Tyler of London, repre
senting the British firm of Samuels
& Samuels, one of the largest oil con
cerns in the world, which is battling
for commercial supremacy with the
Standard Oil Company, arrived yes
terday at the Occidental from Borneo,
where his company has extensive oil
interests.
Superintendent J. C. Wilder of the
Southern Pacific Company and a party
of friends left last night for Santa Cruz
in the private car Surf.
Traffic 'Manager E. O. McCormick of
the Southern Pacific Company and sev
eral friends formed a party that was
carried south yesterday afternoon in
the car San Jose. Their destination is
Santa Barbara.
, Chief Counsel William Herrin of
the Southern Pacific Company has re
turned from Washington, whither he
went several weeks ago in the interest
of the company's cases before the In
terstate Commerce Commission.
E.' B. Gage of Tombstone and
George Wick and H. M. Robinson of
Youngstown, Ohio, are at the Palace,
having just arrived from the south,
where they have been* looking over
mining properties in which they are
interested.
W. F. Chase of New York, who js
prominently identified with various
charitable movements for. the benefit of
children, among » them the establish
ment of sunshine clubs in big cities, ar
rived from the East yesterday and is
registered at the Grand. •
T. Pay of New Orleans, vice president
and general superintendent of Morgan's
Louisiana and Texas Railroad, arrived
in this city In the private car Teche
xesterday. He is here on a pleasure
trip and is being entertained by Man
ager Agler of the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
F. M. Persinger, a' well-known mer
chant of this city, has. just returned
from a visit to Chicago.
General Harbach, U. S. A, (retired),
and wife arrived from the East yes
terday and are registered at the Occi
dental.
Captain John C. Callbraith of Alaska
is at the Lick.
C. A. Canfleld, an oil man of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
J. J. McSorley, a mjning man of Cala
veras. Is at the California.
Bishop W. H. Moreland of Sacra
ment is at the Occidental.
PERSONAL.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 30.— Miss Nan
nie Bryan, sister of William J. Bryan,
died here. at 1:30 o'clock this afternoon.
Her brother is on his way from Chicago
and has been making a race against
time ever since he left the East in or
der to reach his sister's bedside before
the end came. Miss Bryan was 34 years
old. She came to Lincoln in 1898 from
Salem, 111., and had made her home
since with her lister, Mrs. T. S. Allen.
Her health 1 had not been good for sev
eral years. . ¦
CHICAGO, Jan. 30.— William J. Bryan
is the thitd Well-known person within
a week to 'engage in a race "with death
and lose. He received word here that
he was too late. Mr. Bryan's sister,
Miss Nannie Bryan of Lincoln, Neb.,
died in that city this afternoon. Mr.
Bryan had Just reached Chicago on his
way. from New Jersey to Lincoln, Neb.
He had hoped to arrive at his sister's
bedside before she died. His train was
three hours late and he was compelled
to await here several hours.
BRYAN'S SISTER,
DIES BEFORE HE
REACHES HOME
vey the idea that Japan necessarily will
accept the full details of the Russian
propositions, but rather that if she is
actuated by a sincere desire to preserve
the peace Russia will offer a reasonable
basis In a modus Vivendi.
All knowledge of the proposed media
tion proposed by Prince Ching at Pe
king Is denied here, and a specific de
nial is given to the assertion that the
Russian Minister there invited Prince
Ching to take such action. The report
that. 1000 Russian troops are to occupy
Antung is also contradicted, it being in
tended that as this is one of the open
ports of the United States the report
Slight have been put down to arouse a
renewal of hostile feeling In the United
States.
It has been ascertained that there
was practically no division in senti
ment among the Emperor's advisers at
Thursday's meeting. In this "connec
tion it is pointed out that much of the
crftlcism abroad regarding the delays
incident to the formulation of the pres
ent, as ivell as the former, Russian
communications is largely attributable
to -ignorance, of the complicated ma
chinery and deliberate methods of the
Russian Government. The Emperor's
decision in all important matters affect
ing the empire is always based on most
extensive and comprehensive reports
covering every phase of the subject.
At the Japanese legation the present
moment is regarded as critical, and
there is no evidence of a belief that the
reply will be acceptable.
& Armstrong to-day received formal
orders to expedite the construction of
two new battleships for Japan. These
vessels are to be not only the most
powerful afloat, but are ordered to be
ready in the shortest time on record
for shins of such dimensions. Each
will be of 16,400 tons displacement. ID
knots sneed and will be able to dis
charge eleven tons of projectiles per
minute from their main artillery.
> THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL*. SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 190-1.
Russia's Latest Mote Makes
J\[o Concessions to Mikado
Continue*! From Page 21, Cohinin 7.
22
Makes its presence known
by many signs,— glandular
tumors, bunches in the neck,
cutaneous eruptions, m-
fiamed eyelids, sore ears,
catarrh and wasting diseases.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Effects i>er7r»^nent cures.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion. * complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, . Con-
stipation. Piles and all deraneements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At drugj-iata or
by mall. RADWAY b CO.. New-York^ .
Radway's
Pills
Six Books For The Sick.
What I Learned After 30 Tears;
Which Book 1 on Dyspepsia.
CU || ¦ Bookt-2 on the' Heart. , '
20311 • Book 3 on the Kidneys.
• -| Book 4 for Women. -
~ . n Book 5 for Men (sealed).
f Book 6 on Rheumatiem.,
No money is wanted. '.'",K:\r>J. ' ,
Simply select the book you need.
. It Is my experience as a specialist of 30 years. In the book I tell how at last
I found a way to reach difficult, deep-soated diseases. Thirty years of earnest,
ardent toll in hospitals and at bedsides,- made it possible for me to write these
books.
The book telld how I perfected my prescription — Dr. Shoop's Restorative.
How by scientific experiment I traced out the causes that bring on chronic dis-
eases. --. ¦ ¦ .<¦' q
I found Invariably that where there was a weakness, the inside nerves were
weak. Where there was a lack of , vitality, the vital nerves lacked power. Where
weak orgrans.were found, I^always found weak nerves. Not the nerves common-
ly thought of, but the vital organs' nerves. The Inside — tho invisible nerves.
This was a revelation.: Then my real success began. Then I combined ingre-
dients that would strengthen, that would vitalize, these nerves.
That prescription I called a restorative. It is known the world over now as
Dr. Shoop'a Restorative. After that I did not fair to cure one casn in each hun-
dred. In the extremely difficult cases, my failures for five years were one In each"
forty treated. . I found cancer incurable. Cancer is for surgery, not medicine.
Then how to get this prescription to\slck ones everywhere was my thought.
.1 must announce it in the public press. But, thought I. willthey realize the real
truth of my discovery, the real power of Dr. Shoop's Restorative? Then a way
came to mo— like an inspiration. N£I will offer it to the sick on trial. Then they
will know I am sincere — that my prescription is unusual."
" . I wrote a reliable druggist in each city and village in America. They agreed
to co-operate with me. Now by any sick qne
Dr. Shock's Restorative
Can.be taken at my risk. For a full month I will let, you use it entirely, at my
risk...-. .- : ¦ " L •.-¦¦¦_'¦ ;¦¦;¦ ,: - j
. ; Send no money. Just write me for the book you need. When I send it I will
tell you of a druggist near by who will permit the month's trial. • Use the Re-
storative a month. Then decide. If ; you : say to the druggist. "It did not help
me," that will relieve you of any expense whatever. He will bill the cost to
me. This is my way of clearing your mind of all doubt as to what Dr. Shoop's
Restorative can do. - x
No matter how prejudiced, you cannot dispute this absolute security I offer.
You cannot, resist an offer like this if you are at all sick. If you have a -weak-
ness, write me. ' If you can't do things like you used to do them, tell me about it.
Write in. confidence. As a physician I will tell you a way to help.
Getmy book now— to-day. Address Dr. Shoop, Box 2C30, Racine. Wis.
¦ Mnd cases, not chronic are often. cured by;one or. two bottles. At druggists'.,
GREENBERG &<3REENBER8
¦BARGAINS
FOR .-THIS WEEK
l.\Dia SILK WAISTS
$4.50 ......' styles ?:5.r»O
$5.00. . • styles 93.9O
. $5.00. i . . . . styles ?4 r 80
$7.50 styles ?0.0O
$9-75- ••¦••„ styles ...... $7.85
SILK SKIRTS
$6«o Silk Skirts $4.00
$7.50. Silk Skirts..... ?5.OO
$8.00. Silk Skirts ?O.45
$8.75 Silk Skirts. . . ?' ?«.00
EIDERDOWN ROBES
$3.75 Robes 9-.«3 •
$6.00 Robes $4.35
$7.00 Robes,. .... .?4.(>5
$ 7 . 5 o Robes ......94.00
OXFORD WAISTS
$3.50... Oxford Waists... 9 1. 05
$5.50... Oxford Waists.. .$U.OO
$6.25... Oxford Waists... ?3.5O
$8.75. ..Oxford Waists. ..$4.O5
Country orders receive prompt
attention.
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
31. 33, 35 and 37 GRiHT.AYE.
Corner Geary Street.
GfrEIvNBERG &
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
¦ ?r -^ l -. 1^. v1 .-.-y 1 ,.- Jl .- l , .^ .- ---r^-
// The ImportatiODS for the Year 1903 of
were I Jr* |
' • / ¦ —————
GREATER, by nearly 20,000 cases
than the importations of
any other brand.
The Extra Dry of -the superb new vintage now arriving
Vis conceded to be the choicest Champagne A
• ' produced this decade. Jr
. ; ://
•
Almost every one, from personal experience, knows that the effects of any kind of severe physical
strain a*e fe.t, first of all, in the small of the back— in other words in those Vital Organs, the Kidneys.
This is cs true in the case of the very powerful as it is with one of less strangth, and it is especially
(rue wherever the kidneys are weak or out of order. ...
The Great Kidney Remedy, S-.vamp Root, strengthens the kidneys and through them helps all the
other organs. • . • '
. WOMEN suffer i:3told misery because the nature of their disease is not always correctly understood;" in.
many ca?cs when ductWing they arc led to believe that womb trouble or female weakness of some sort is .
responsible tut iheir ills. \yhc,n In fact disordered kidneys are the chief cause of their distressing troubles.
Perhaps 'you. suffer almost' corrtinflally with pain in the back, bearing-down feelings, headache, and utter ex- *
havr?uo.n. ;• . ' '
.-—-. , ~~ — — '-'¦ * ." — I YOUR poor health makes you nervous, irritable and at times despond-
I D-Uij't KllOW I HSQ KidnSV TrOUulB c "t- But thousands of just such suffering or broken-down women are be-
\ , — . -J inp restored to health and 'Strength every day by the use of that wonder-
i ha 3 trjfd in. many, remedies without their ful discovery, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, ' the great kidney, liver
bav'np bereKtfd °jr.e that i was about di«- bladder remedy.
. ¦ '»*-^ . ~~Z p \ : — 7T% jij ti iuTT NOT only does Swamp-Root bring
; I To-Day 1 am in Splendid Health | new ,| and activity to the kidncys ,j
/A v J®gfei:^V *he cause of the trouble, but by
It ffiSSrafi& VV k WC * k '' tad Wht "j^l^ 5 ab " *° leaVe strengthening the kidneys it acts as
¦! v..- out •¦: health and run dowt; generally: Vvv A «?<? H N WHFFL FR iff/ WW^^K^^'-'^-^Sf^^M^^^M
\:' : :•..:•-,:.. tvas dizzy ar.i suffered with \ 1 l\ '^ rl --' ri - < '- *'ni.<-i-i-n.. Ml/ sl^^^^j^^^^^^^Wf^SPli "
.; ;;^;.l. r ¦ st f the ti:r.e. 1 did rot know my d , WM wt nenlcl&Urlz DJ1Ins ,„ f^^P^^^^IKS^I
¦ i;! ¦ y. ¦. sv..-. tho cau«? of my trouble. m j. ,, tck . wh ich convinced rtif that 1 had a - S.
!•.< t'omrt v. i ;t they j:::eht 1"\ r.r.-i I b<=?a:i A>vrre kJdney trouble* My physical condition \§§^^/^J^S^S^ES^^ '"M iW^f I
il'.-- _• — .*.,-: ;. t, ts ::>, \* statod, Thrrf was such that I haJ no etrer.Kth and was all \ Ynff JilL^iSfBSffl^PS
U . '¦ • ' : ¦ \ :: ' l f ' '°^r am J, > ; R ° Ot a ' ia ') "VrtSir. Mr,. C. E. UttleneXJ. of Lynn.. V^^^Smfei7
<'t* : \ ' ¦ !! *¦ • - :i *««•«««•»«• out of ailvi -^ me ' t0 £lve Dr _ Kllmrr . E swamp-Hoot Vv^^^^^W^^^^v/
. th * E ¦ :¦"' ! " •' ~ ' ¦'¦ - :: ' • niakins me a trial. .- - \\V^i^vvit«:^^af^l^^^/
#¦>.-• *¦' . . better ;-i every Ray, exi \ I cheer- I piMfurrd a hottl" and inside of three d*y« . \\\Y\y&\^$&; '*$jfr.£&j//
'iully .rc-.oornmcnS it to ait fuJTetvr*. Gratefully renr.menoeil to ret r'lief. I. followed up that v\\\\\\\^!w»VV\yx
' v.iiirp- '• ¦ ftrns a r waivk-w " bottle wjtb another and at the completion of \«\\V\laVVw>v/
¦; ." . .,. ... . ,"'„ , i,V » n thls one fo"" 11 ! waa comtJlttely cured. My VC\\\\\"y7
¦I.' •-••' :¦¦" ' '• V^r™* returned and t<wlay l am S ~ U as MRS. £ AUSTIN, "iff/ *
THE Slid extrlordinarv *>f M >' bu«!new is that of canvasser. I am on *V* WAI
J I 7"-_ I * I ' U -' an(i cxir^orainary et- my feet a great dea , of the Um^ and hftve t0 % .
JtC€X$ the world-famous kidney and um much tnrrey in gettlnj: around. My enre m i efrv^ x became weak, emaciated and very
afaddef remedy, Swamp-Root, is soon llc^S^ i" much" run down. I had great difficulty In re-
•reaiizea It th<» hitrh^st fnr pleasant to take. Sincerely yours. ¦ talning my urine and wafi oblized to paas
. « ti u .iuiiuj, inc nignesi lor MRS Ir x WHEELER. water very often ni*ht and day. After I had
it?, \ivjndeTiul cures of the most dis- . 29 Proepect nt.. Lynn. Mail. used a sample bottle of »Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
]£&&£& Ac't- ml 1 ! convince any ont - and ym may havc ' sam - ""•«">' s^SKHKys^sas
¦¦ -1~ , t,ii! n , i& ' e ?, /r , ... two larse bottle« and continued taklnjf It rogu-
in tau|ng ur. Kilmers hwamp-Root you afford natural help to larly. I am pleased to »ay that Swamp-Root
-Jk»ture, lor bwamp-Root is the most perfect healer and gentle aid to the cured me entirely. I can nov\stand on my feet'
kidneys that has ever been discovered.- Don't make any mistake but re- a11 day wlthout any bart eymptoms whatever.
r^^Ri^Ln^n V Va v P " R ° Ot ' Dr - K Kilm "' s Swamp-Root, and the ad- Ku&S^nS: S^SI™fe
Jrfss. BmgUmton, N.- \. t on every bottle. . 19 N aB8 au st.. Brooklyn, N. Y.
To Prove What. SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver, and Biadoer Remedy, Will do
h lor yOU, £very Reader of The Call May Have a Sample
¦..'¦.' • % ' Bottle. Sent Free by Mail.
EDITORIAL NOTICE — No matter how many doctors you have tried— no matter how much money you
way liave spent on.oth'er medicines, you really owe it to yourself and to your family, to at least give Swamp-
Root a trial. Its strongest friends to-day are those who had almost given up hope of - ever becoming well
ajratn.. .So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly curing even the most distressing cases, that to prove its
wonemju merits jou may. have a sample bottle of this wonderful discovery, Swamp'-Root, sent absolutely
irec by mail, also a book telling all about Swamp-Root, and containing many of the thousands upon thou-
?aadsof testimoniaj letters received from men and women who owe their good health, in fact their very lives,
to its wonderful curative properties. In writing, to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to say that
%nu r«id this generous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the
p«-nu«pen<-?s of this offer. If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can purchase
Hie reguhtr fifty-cent and janc-dollar size bottles at the drug stores everywhere. % "
DH. KILMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
B. KATSCHINSKI
| . Philadelphia Shoe Co.
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
0 Adjoining Call Boildlaff.
I fPpm
8 PRICES CUTTO PIECES.
I WE HAVE TAKEN STOCK.
I All Short Lines Reduced.
a bargains: baegaiws: bab-
1 GAINS t Once a year we take
H stock and we cut the price on
(I every slow selling line in the
H house and all the odds and ends.
II "WHEN "WE CUT FXICES WE
I CUT DEEP, so that our customers
(3 can see at a prlanco the big bar-
H grains we are offering- Here is the
II first one: Ladles* Swell Fitting
H Patent Leather Three-Strap. Cross
M Strap and Roman Strap- Sandals.
H All neatly ornamented with cut
I steel beads; turned soles and Cu-
] ban heels. OUB PKICE ONLY
H 85c A PAIB. Sizes 3 to 8; widths
j A to E.
1 COME EASLT MONDAY MOSH-
H ,-v I2IQ.
I Ladies' Vlel Kid Lace.
It hardly seems possible, but we
are actually selling Ladies' Vicl
Kid Lace Shoes, that formerly re-
ft- tailed ffom $3.00 to $5.00. AT THE
S3 SMALL Stna OP OOe. These
1 Shoes are well made and stylish.
LI with cloth or Uid tops and turrod
II or welted soles. But we have too
i many narrow widths, so orr.Eil
a THEM AT 00c*. Sizes: AAA
|l width. 4 to 5Vi; A A and A widths.
?| 3 to 8: B. C and D widths, 2'-' a to
H 4% and 7 to 8: E width. 2% to
H 3%: EE width. 2%.
A Come Early ZXonday Mornlatr. <
I Ladies' While Kid Sandals
h Do you wear White Sandals?
1 Well, here Is your chance. Ladies'
I White Kid One-Strap Sandals.
V with embroidered vesting tops.
|j coin toes, turned soles and French
8 heels. THE PBIC2 REDUCED
a TO ."",<>«•. Sizes 5 to lh z : widths
i AA to D - - *
I Young Ladies' Spring Heels.
II 3^ 1 ?] ? hoes 'or young ladles —
I Box Calf Lace and Button Shoes.
K with coin toes and tips, durable
I soles and sprinsr heels. B2DXTCSD
I StffJSfo^ 1 *- SlZC33 tO «»
I \Ve Do Not Guarantee to Fill
Q Country Orders on Sale Shoes.
IB. KATSCHINSKI
t Philadelphia Shoe Co, \
I 1O THUD ST, Saa ZTwaatsoo.relatives and a number of friends from
London, the bulk of the population of
the village, which is in mourning,
turned out in a drenching rain to see
the last of the remains of their late
squire. The son J and two daughters
were the principal mourners. The
widow was too ill to attend. Her
¦wreath was inscribed JTrom his bro-
LONDON, Jan. 30. — Th© body of
Whitaker Wright was buried in Wit
ley parish churchyard to-day, after a
brief special service at the graveside
by the vicar of Witley. Besides the
VILLAGERS MOURN THE
DEATH OF WRIGHT
Aa six months' cruise will decrease the
speed of a ehlp 16 per cent. Thl» Is
owing to the barnacles that gather oa
the hull. t ,
ken-hearted widow." An enormous
number of letters and telegrams of
sympathy have been received by the
family. . 5;
Orders have recently ¦ been executed
in/ Japan 'for a supply, of ," fishing nets
for Alaska, valued at $30,000. " ¦¦."-<
WASHINGTON, Jan. -. SO.-rCaptain
George A. Armes, U. S. A., retired, has
addressed* a letter to the President
charging ~ an . unjust treatment at the
hands of the military authorities.'^- He
assorts that important documents
bearing on his record ; have mysteri
ously disappeared from the office of
the adjutant general^ i.
Army Officer Complains.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30. — The
forthcoming monthly statement of the
Government's receipts and expendi
tures will show a decided falling off in
revenues and an increase in expendi
tures as compared with the corre
sponding month of ,. last year. The
principal decrease appears in customs
receipts, which will be shown to be
about J2.600.000 for the month, a de
crease of about $800,000 from internal
revenue sources. . The . statement . will
also show that during the present
month the expenditures will amount to
approximately $48,500,000, or nearly
$7,000,000 more than -. for January,
1903. During that month the receipts
exceeded the expenditures by about
$3,500,000. .
Principal Falling: Off for the Forth
cominj: Month Will Be in the
Customs Revenues.
GOVERNMENT RECEIPTS V
SHOW HEAVY DECREASE
Orders for locomotives for India
and South Africa have been placed
¦with Leeds firms.
BERLIN, Jan. 30. — A prolonged lit
igation wherein the propriety of an
upper teacher in a high school wear
ing a red necktie was the issue came
to an end to-day at Plauen, Saxony,
by the court deciding that such a cra
vat »s at least undignified, even if not
intended by the wearer as a socialistic
emblem. Dr. Wiedauer, the offender
in question, wore a red tie, as he
avers, inadvertently to a school pic
nic, and thereupon the Plauen Anzei
ger criticized him severely as an im
proper person to teach the youth of
the city. He sued for damages and
the court, in deciding against Dr.
Weidauer, said the editor was quite
within his functions when he disap
proved of red neckwear, which ln
Germany is considered to Indicate
revolutionary principles on the part
of the wearer.
XO RED XECKTIES FOR
:^?TEACHERS IX GERMANY
Editor Disapproves of Scarlet Adorn
ment and in a Suit Defeats
the Pedagogue.
Th«j President 1 , receatly • appointed
foi^nfr Stf»te Senator E. G. Voorheis of
Amador- County a. member of the Na
tloiial Assay Commission.. The chair
man of the Senate Finance Committee,
the .chairman cf the House Committee
on Coinage, ;two Foderal Judges resid
ing in Philadelphia and ten Commis
sioners appoir^ed by the President con
stitute the * board. The * commission
Humors and hints come fjom TVash-
Inston, D. C, to the effect that E. J.
Livomasl), Congressman-elect from the
Fourth District, will be permitted to
retain his seat in the House of Repre-
Bcntattveai although the ballots, when
dirclostJ, sustained the'position" of the
<ontcFta>it, Julius Kahn. It is reported
.that the comraittee has been impor
tuned by i.<owerfuf delegations of labor
ing: men to gfVc. LHvernash the amplest
oppor*, -•inity.'tp 'show that he Is entitled
•to the seat- :,The committee may not
report until Jate ln the .session. Kahn
did rvit eo to Washington.
Olive Dibble, attorney for Mr. Kahn,
returned to o th°e city from* Washington
yesterday evening.
Iii ills Tome From Washington
TlMt Election Committee Will
Not Report in Kahn's Favor
LIVERNASH MAT
NOT BE OUSTED
Many Postmasters Have Been Chosen
for California, Oregon and !*:,•
Washinfftoni .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.—Postof
fico established — California: Carmel,
Monterey County, John P. Staples,
postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: Califor
nia — Albert L". Paulsen, Weaverville;
Eric A. May, Poplar; Clarence A. Bai
sam, Auckland.
Oregon — Albert R. Morton, Junction
City; George H. Sltts, Keasey.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California — Lester V. Parker, Poleta,
Inyo County, vice Ottowell Hampton,
resigned.
Washington — Peter Shockley, Fulda,
Klickitat County, vice Mrs Emma E.
Dymond, resigned.
Station 36 of San Francisco Ppst
offlce will be established February 15
at 307 Montgomery street.
Army ordera — Colonel Stephen
P/; Jocelyn, Fourteenth Infan
try, from the Philippines to
San Francisco as chief of staff to
commanding general of Pacific divis
ion. First Lieutenant Alexander
Murray is assigned as surgeon on
transport Sheridan on its arrival at
Manila, relieving First Lieutenant
John \V. Hanner, ordered to the Phil
ippines.
.Navy orders — Assistant Paymaster
G. B. Bloomer, detached from Tacoma
and resignation accepted.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
In "times past delegations to State
conventions called for the purpose of
choosing delegates to national conven
tions were selected according to meth
ods prescribed by the party governing
bodies. The State Central Committee
would simply promulgate a call, nam
ing the time and place of the State
convention, designating the number of
delegates to which each county or As
sembly district was entitled. Minor de
tails were left to the several county
committees. The old style is set aside
as the new law is now in force. Regis
trar Adams is making all preparations
for compliance with the law, hence the
primary election on Tuesday, May 3,
will be an important event. It Is there
fore the duty of voters to register at
once.
This year there will be a primary
election in San Francisco on Tuesday,
May 3, for the purpose of choosing del
egates to the State conventions. 'Regis
tration for this primary will close April
13. The last day «f or a political party
to file a petition with the Secretary of
State for participation in the May pri
mary is March 24. 3904.
The registration office at the City
Hall is open daily from 8:20 a. m. to 5
p. m. All the registrations prior to Jan
uary 1, 1904, have been canceled and
voters must register anew for the next
general election.
meets every year lrf Philadelphia and
makes tests to determine the weight,
fineness and exact value of gold and
silver coins produced by the several
mints of the country. The Senator, ac
companied by Miss Voorheis, will leave
San Francisco to-morrow for Philadel
phia. He will return to California be
fore the Republican State Convention
meets.
Lieufenant Governor Alden Ander
son, president of the State League of
Republican Clubs, Is making arrange
ments for the biennial convention of
the league at Sacramento some time in
May next. The league meeting at San
Jose in 1902 and the convention at Los
Angeles in 1900 were notable demon
strations. The convention of club dele
grates at Sacramento in May next will
open the Presidential campaign in Cal
ifornia.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 80. — The
House to-day voted - unanimously to
strike from the- urgent deficiency bill
the provisions for the second payment
of mileage to the Senators and Repre
sentatives of this Congress and then
passed the urgent deficiency appropri
ation bill. Thlsr* action was the cli
max of an exciting discussion of the
mileage problem, begun yesterday,
first on the point of order raised
against the provision by Maddox of
Georgia and then on a motion to
strike out, made to-day by Underwood
of Alabama.
Argument on the point of order that
the item was not authorized by law
turned on the question whether this
was the sevond session of Congress or
merely a continuation of the session
convened on November 19 on the call
of the President. Fuller of Illinois
and Cooper of Wisconsin contended
that there had been two sessions,
while Parker of New Jersey Insisted
that, because new sanction had been
given for meeting on December 7, the
status of the session, which he held to
be continuous, was not altered. Little
fleld supplemented his argument, of
yesterday by reaffirming that there
had been no interregnum between the
two sessions.
Tawney of Minnesota as chairman
of the Committee of the Whole ln a
carefully prepared opinion overruled
the point of order against the appro
priation, saying the parliamentary
question as to whether existing law
authorized the payment of mileage
was the point to be decided by him
and the question as to whether the
mileage should be received was i for
the committee to decide. a^I V;::
An amendment by Grosvenor pro
viding for the return of the mileage
to the treasury was agreed to. Under
wood's motion to strike out the pro
vision for mileage then was adopted
without a dissenting vote. The bill
passed the House Just as it came from
Committee of the Whole.
CONTEST WILL OP AX
AMERICAN IN PARIS
Bryan* Which Was Given to
Institutions.
Relatives Claim Estate off Francis R.
PARIS, Jan. 80. — The tribunal, of
the Seine to-day heard argument ln
the contest of the will of Francis R.
Bryan, a. wealthy American, -who died
here in November, 1902, leaving $10,
000 to the Philadelphia Historical So
ciety and the balance of his large for
tune to the .South Kensington Mu
seum. London. "Two cousifis, Mrs.
Hand of New. York and Mrs. Dewees
of Mississippi, contested the I legacies.
Their counsel maintained that the
testator was not of sound mind when
he made his will, as he. was under the
delusion that the Archbishop of Paris
and the Prefect of Police had con
spired to poison him.. The Philadel
phia Historical Society and the Kens
ington Museum were not represented.
The court will give its decision by de
fault after eight days from date.
Senator Perkins to-day visited the
Navy Department to Inquire as to the
casue of the reduction of the force at
the Hare Island yard and the prospect
of renewing: a full complement of men.
While the cut at Mare Island has been
about one-third the regular force, he
learned that the reduction in the East
ern yards has equaled one-half. The
cause is in exhausted appropriation,
which makes the move mandatory.
The appropriation has been used up in
fitting out ships for target practice and
other uses, no provision for which had
been made. «
CAL.Ii BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— Tlie
protest of the down East cordage
manufacturers against the evident pur
pose of Congress to extend and keep
extended the coastwise regulations of
the American merchant marine to the
Philippine trade found another expres
sion to-day in a bill introduced in the
House by Powers of Massachusetts. A
law now on the books bars foreign
vessels from this trade after July 1 of
this year. Powers' bill introduced to
day aims to extend the time in which
these vessels may operate until April
11, 1909. The Frye bill, against which
the cordage interests made such
strenuous objections before the Senate
committee a few days ago and which
has been favorably reported by both
the Committee on Naval Affairs and
the Committee on Commerce, requires
that all Government and army sup
plies and men be transported in Amer
ican bottoms.
Secretary Root is outspoken in op
position to this bill on the ground of
his belief that there was not Amer
ican tonnage enough to meet the re
quirements, when after July 1 all ship
ping 1 between this "country and the
Philippines will be confined to it, he
feared as a result "tnat shipowners
would enter into a combine and so
raise the rates as to hamper trade. The
fact that the bill contains a provision
whereby the Secretary may ln his dis
cretion nullify this provision; that is,
employ foreign ships in case American
owners do not behave, has caused him,
it is said, the provision being called to
his attention, to withdraw his objec
tions and instead lend his support to
the bill, thus further Increasing the
prospect of its passage.
Secretary Boot Is Said to Be
Now Opposed, to Provisions
of the Discrimination Bill
Grosvenor's Amendment Ee
turning Fund to Treasury Is
Tacked to Defeated Provision
COMPETITION IS WANTED
EXCITING DEBATE AT END
Object to the
Law ; Favoring American
"Vessels in Manila Trade
Item From the Urgent ; De-
ficiency Appropriation v Bill
House Unanlniously Strikes the
OPEN SHIPPING
THEIR DEMAND
VOTES AGAINST
MILEAGE 'GRAB'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLY SUNDAY, . JANUARY 31. 1904.
23
The bulk of tea and coffee
and everything else is trash 1 .
Schilling's Best are both luxury
and econprny.
Moneyback. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gccceGo©G$©@3coeee»o©o©e98o»eeco8oeeooso©e©©©
§ 818-82O /AARKET .ST., 3Afl FPAKQ5CO. S
o ¦ : ; e
g Don't only read this advertisement, but come and g
| look at these bargains yourself. / g
g VEILINGS? NEW RIBBONS. •
Marne or Illusion ln all ahades: At So yaU fancy figured Louislne: 2
A reg. value- 15c. special at.. 8c yd reg. 8c, special at 3c yd Jj(
«s K>w rfr«« t- .' ««'¦ a' , At 19c Td > 5 % ln - Basn "Width plain O
2 • «7ain A* r '•fJ* ** 9 * ltm *to -taffeti ribbons in white, pink, ©
° fffi.i d rxy mesh: re& turquoise, cream, blue, cardinal, S
O E P ec - al .-.••- 45o maize, rile and black; reg. 40o S
q ilade Veils In magpie or Jackdaw, \-aluefc special 19o
q a. so chKTcv-.s ln plain or fancy: At 5c y<5, 3 la. fancy ribbons ln all S
m i*;* :>os. lqiig; reg. vaiu» 75c, spe- the popular shades; reg. lOo aual- 2
C c - al < gach 35o Ity. special at 5o ©
j Pompeiian MassaggCreamiES£isl25c |
| THESE ARE 6EHUINE BARGAINS. K^|Sgi |
C $icoo worth of TOOTHBRUSHES, reg. 25c, at, each.....1 0c •
o Worth 75c and $t.oo— Ladies' Dressing Combs, jubber, guar- g
• anteed, selling at 50c ©
S HOWARD and LOONEN HAIR BRUSHES, the two best S
g makes and all guaranteed, reg. $1.25 stock, on sale at.98c ®
O Bring tiiis; cut. with you. Over 1000 different styles of ©
g Mirrors. Oae-third. off on this sale. All shapes, sizes and for ©
O all purposes. • . • g
g HAV£ YOU EVER VISITED OUR LOWER FLOOR? ©
q rin: vaeiett of goods aud' prices ah eyiopekeb to hauy. J
O SPSCZAX EAZ.BS Z2T TKXS DEPARTMENT E7SBT WEEK. 5
• • " . BASSETS. _. TELESCOPE BASKETS. %
O 2So tVaet* B&Blceta, oa «x!f lOo Those handy baskets that ar« always A
Q *Oo Wut» Easketa. on cale...- 2»c ln use, the largest ones cheapest, as a S
q 60c Baskets, oa sale 39o number of them were slightly damaged if
ZT 75a V*«t<i Baskets.^ on «ale 49o ln transportaUon, being: the outside ones ©
*» . $l.S'i- Wast* Baskets, on sale.*. .*..... 80o —others not damaged but all to bo r»- ©
O A'J the above'are well m*a«. a.Uractiv« rardlesi of cost. A
C f n * theap at t>e regular prices. There 39 In. 20 ln. 21 ln. * 22 ln. 24 In. a
m * fcj-e Berefal jieslras fo each price and will 45c S5c «5o 75o 8XVo 2!
5 * a ° lr * culckly tt the rtdticed ?rure». Cut to Cut to Cut to Cut to Cut to ©
q m ' ¦ • GO-CASTS. 565 ° * Kio "* < * c 35 ° S3 ° ®
« Ktw itr'.ei. just receive*; 87 itylw et TSTJHES. ©
a TclClzg aafl Jleclinlar Ba.tv Go-carti to At Factory Prices, and o%-er 100 styles to X
JJ choo-» t rosl . . ......... $2.75 to «-• 1 .50 select from. Come and see what we have ©
O PKBY BUGGIES, with «U tb* latest to offer at ....93.75. *4.5O and S5.OO @
O lm.T9vemer.ta. ?Ecm..»O. PO to #25.<K> Extra values from... ..Ts3.75 to Si».7K A
O A*k v& see ou* epeotaj £0-5OReclin- $20 and J25 trunks for 8316.OO to $10.00 S
o lrr Go-cart and our fcpeclal flO.OO Car- If dollars are worth savlnc you'll find 5
Orlaa"*. ¦ It ln these Roods. ©
t.~~-— " — ~~ ' . A
O 2U11VCS, EAEOES A3STD SSEAKS GEOTJJTD A2TD BEFAHt£D ©
6 PJCCTUBB rRAKES OP ALL DESCBZFTZONS MAHE TO O2LDEB •
dew Improved Method That Cures All Nervous Diseases That
Exhaust the Vital Powers of Men— Gives the Vigor and In-
clination of 25 to Men of 65 and Cures Permanently.
The Full Receipt, Rill directions and Descriptive Book
Free— Send Address To-Day.
For the benefit of male readers young and old who find themselves weak in
vital function, the well-known Dr. Knapp Medical Co., of Deroit, Michigan, will
rend their famous receipt and 'uli directions how to cure yourself at home, free
-¦ ¦ iii "1
cf clun-gv. It Is no'' necessary to write a full letter, as they send it free as soon
i.s thrtf receive your name and address. Wonderful improvements have been made
in this famous receipt until it now positively gives the longed-for effect in only
ono day's use. and cures permanently in half the time required by any other
method that we have ever heard of. It is a lasting cure for any form of wast-
ing drains, vital weakness, lack of staying power, bashfulness and timidity, puny
orgrars. prematurity, dissatisfaction; varlcocele, stricture and all other embarrass-
ing eor.Uitions that interfere With the newly 'discovered ingredients that have
l.aHy L*»cn added this wonderful receipt. tt is indeed worth having. It goes di-
rect tr> the weakened parts, makes the muscles firm, the nerves steady and has a
vitalizing effect on the glands and mucous membranes so that a cure is certain.
You know best if you need it or not, and if you do. lose no time in getting
it, for the «ooner you write the sooner you will be cured. The address is Dr.
Knapp M«HJical Co.. 1516 Hull Building. Detroit, Mich. The new ¦ receipt with '
full directions how to cure yourself privately, at home and a book that goes in-
to the subject thoroughly will be mailed you at once in a plain sealed package -
free of charge. You will not be asked to deposit any money or pay for it in any.
way. It is absolutely free; and as it can cost you nothing you should send for it .
without further delay and find out for yourself that it can cure you. j
We Can Escape Dread La Grippe
If We Eradicate Our Catarrh
Our Reporter's Talk With Dr. Pe-m-na
Hartman Concerning Pe- /^^^ PrCYentS
fu=na and La Grippe. Catarrhal
restores the appetite and produces natur- \ j&J///tiffl/^?fy< U^^^^^^^^ ====s^^^^^'^P^^Sni ItMi I \ \
Grippe Causw Other Diseases. iM^^W^^^^^^^^^^^-^M/
"Even after pneumonia or consump- vKj <6V^ '¦* ~"" t^ »r^^V^ ~^^ >^* Js5*Jifc£i/\ .1 /
tlon has begun to develop it is not too _ik*fete»5 N—'S _ ' v*^» *^^' A. _3TTt*t /^??V*' it iff
late to expect a perfect cure from Peru- _ (Mrni^Tti!" t>I * ' *!S£\' *£££y-f%£JZ-A yfo" 3/
na without any other treatment what- Xn55§|«VAJ\J«i\V/^W >9^ ?!'
ever. Many physicians are using it ex- flmwiSs^MwbNr^^T^y^j ' iWSl 1 1
tenslvely in their practice; at the earns « TiM^gl^YSbi^L 11^. V 1$£Z H
time a vast number of people are buy- j»\ WlTOIT JnTtV\Wl\¥ *'a C x il luM ri *$iCl\ /
Inar It at the drus stores and treating £\ ¦ slilwM^ffl^ 1^'^^^ ZlA wUfZrfflE,l
themselves, and the result Is, If there is rW^M^W3%$£mf5P^ "^>&&e&zl&&*+Tjfje
another remedy, which is the equal of K^EllW/^^^l\ MDO" 1 \a J dT^U^^^\S^ //
Peruna for la srrippa it la unknown to \S&?1ffiBti&£J2&m\ ITIKO. »YI. V •XA5Jscls£wvWi!? ? \i«<y I
Pe-ru-nn, the Family. Safeguard. Gs35&4M\~^ s Tfim n«. «# »•. .< Jffi/ *¥$£:&
J. A. sille. Peabody, Kan., writes: IIP?//! Ml f^ WO *>*&mM
"Four of my family were almost down isPi" V - //Mi \FrlendS Of #F v \^^
with the grippe and my mother had been *6^»r ' i" / 'i~-' \Pc-ru.na.' */ S \ i Vv5j6%
down with the grippe for a week. She "™»T Iii "* ' v^—^—» " ¦ ./ w * \ \nY^
took Peruna and is able to be up now •' If ":mi'' " **^ "^ "!.•
most of the time. She Is 64 years old. ""' V ' ' \
"I can't praise Peruna enough. My »>¦»•»»¦» «»»»*««¦¦»«»»¦««« ¦¦»»¦¦¦> r»iit»tt tt»t««»i>
two little boys — one 3 and the other 6 o - 4
years of age, beg for Peruna whenever <> Mrs. MI Woodruff. 2408 Central avenue, Minneapolis, Minn., writes: I
they get to feeling badly. We use it for n ,,. , 'Y : - . . , ., »V ' : . >-V» .it. ,, I
almost everything." ., / cannot praise your remedy too highly. I first tried it after '1
Prominent Cures. ' having la grippe and for the last two years I have used it as a I
Among the many prominent men and ' preventive for cold and la grippe. As a tonto I also believe it ?
by p|?una ar h e^ Ve **** ° ured °* to erlppe t *° 6e excellent ' never fa//fo recommend Peruna to my friends, ?
Hon. John il. Caidweii, a prominent ' all of whom have used it with beneficial results." — Mrs. M, <•
member of the Louisiana State Legisla- ' W n nrfn,,ff ' " "
ture of Robeline, La. " nOOdrUtt.
Mrs. Henrietta A. S. Marsh, president '»««»»»¦»» ¦««¦»>»« »»¦«»«»» ••••••••• «»»,«¦»«» « »V« t % • «
Women's Benevolent Association, 237
Jackson Park Terrace, Woodlawn. Chi- Hon. P. J. Megrew. superintendent U. I If you do not derive prompt and «at-
cago, 111.' s. Capitol Pollc« Force, Washington, lsfactory results from the use ot Peruna.
Hon. T. Simmons, United States Mar- D. C. • write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
shal, Mobile, Ala. . , _ . Mrs. M. C. Cooper of the Royal Acad- full statement of your case, and he will
Mr. Henry Distln, maker and Inventor emy of Arts. London. England. be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
of band instruments. 1441 South Ninth Mrs. Theophile Schmitt, 3417 Wabash vice gratis. ..-,'> • ¦ •
street. Philadelphia, Pa. ave.. Chicago. 111. Address Dr. Hartman. President of
Julian Segundo, Condo -de- Ovles, a Congressman Geo. Henry White of The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus.
Spanish count. ;, . J.:v ... ; .Tarboro. X. C. •->..:..- - - Ohio. . - - — • >
Special in Youths' Suits for $7.35
For this particular sale these suits have
J^k been reduced from $10 to $7.35. In going over __
B^O'i'^^^^^mi' They come. in pretty shades of tan coverts an'd 'dark i^^^^S^^^^^ '
/^^ffl^^^^^^^" blue worsted cheviots; they .were formerly $4.50, $4.00
'^ e stilfchayc a- few sailor suits in 3 and 4- years W^S^^
fil^iiif ' ¦ ¦¦¦•'•Children's corduroy sailor hats in all colors, in black flllirai l^llia
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.,The. winter^wheat acreage last year is
placed vat^ 32,510,510 Vacres,?; yielding" on
an ; average 12.3 bushels, aggregating
399,867,250 bushels/' marketed at ;an aver
age price 1 : of \ 7L6 fcerits; representing la,
total' value~bf .' $286,242,84! "" ' •
MOMBASA. British East Attica,-
Jan. ,30.— The reported massacre of
a British' expedition under the aus
pices of the East African Syndicate by
Turkhana .tribesmen in the neighbor
hood of. Rudolf Lake, announcement
of which was made January 24, now
proves to have, been incorrect. The
expedition, In, question arrived at Teti,
160 miles west of Rudolf Lake, Janu
ary 2ft, all well.
Report of Jlassaere Untrue.
Automobile Club's Ball.
The Automobile Club gave a very
successful ball at Mechanics' Pavilion
laet night. The floor, was" crowded
with merry dancers till the small hours
of the morning. Handsome prizes were
awarded the most popular and- best
dressed couples. The following com
mittee had the affair Un charge:
George Shipley: floor manager; George
Maloney, assistant; Abe Levy, Dave
Harris, Jerome Bassjty,' Nat Boas, Al
Bohn. George Lovejoy, Joe Cahill and
Dan Sullivan.
Accused of Stealing Bicycle.
Fred Lulling and Charles iluller,
boys, were arrested yesterday after
noon on Market street and charged
with grand larceny at the Seventeenth
street police station. It is charged
that the boys stole a bicycle from In
front of a* Market-street restaurant a
few days ago.
While man has approached the
North Pole within 238 < miles, no, one
has yet stood within 772 miles of the
South Pol* .
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 30. — Since
January 1 732 cases of tyjrtioid fever
have been reported in Columbus and
there have been twenty-three deaths.
Eighty-one new cases are reported to
day, the highest daily record for the
month.
Typhoid Epidemic in Columbus.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30. — Comp
troller Ridgeley of the Treasury to-day
approved the application of President
Francis and others for authority to or
ganize ihe Bankers', World's Fair Na
tional Bank, to be located on the.
grounds' of the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition. The stock of the bank,
which is to be $20(T,000, will be sub
scribed by the individual directors of
the several banks in St. Louis.
Comptroller Ridgeley Approves the
Application of President Francis
for the Institution.
NATIONAL BANK FOR
THE WORLJVS FAIR
Severe Penalty Is Imposed "Upon a
Lad for Insulting a Russian
General in Kazan.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 30. — Two
years' imprisonment and perpetual
exile in Siberia is the sentence im
posed on a Moscow student named
Andrieff for assaulting a Russian gen
eral in the streets of Kazan.
"There goes the cockade semp;
these generals are all rascals," scout
ed Andrieff, who accompanied his.ia
sults with blows on the officer's back.
The sentence of imprisonment and
exile was passed by what 1» known as
"administrative order," used in cases
of special emergency.
MOSCOW STUDENT GOES
TO SIBERIA FOR LIFE
Modern agricultural implements are
used throughout New Zealand, espe
cially in the south islands, in preparing
the soil, planting and sowing seed, cul
tivating during growth and harvesting
and gathering crops. /.
The Allied Provision Trades Coun
cil, now affiliated with the San Fran
cisco Labor Council, has instituted a
movement, which*, if successful, will
affect every local union in this city.
I A similar attempt was made about a
I year ago, but failed because, it is said,
I the members did not thoroughly un
j derstand its motives.
; An amicable adjustment of "the con
troversy between the stablemen and
the stable owners seems to be' near at
hatfd. The joint committee handling
the matter has agreed upon a com
promise which will probably be signed
within a few days.
Butchers' Union No. 115 has adopt
ed resolutions permitting: employers to
hire any persons they may choose
when the union cannot supply men,
but these new employes must file ap
plication for membership in the union
within one week after being employed.
The. union has elected the following
officers for the ensuing term:
President, A. F. Breslln; vice president,
George A. Golden; guide. Charles Wagner Jr.;
Kuardian. William J. Cleary; serjeant-at
arms, H.' . Mauerer; trustees — A. Friedman,
Guldo Dl ¦Vtcchl. Richard Mftuerer.
The following past presidents were
presented with. a gold official button
each: Brothers A. F. Breslln. Joseph
M. Lyons, A. Friedman, W. J. Cleary
and Charles Wenk.- Brother Carl
Mahler was given a gold button for
bringing . in a' certain number of new
members... , '•' **'
'The Building Trades Council has
elected the following officers: . ';. %
President. P. H. McCarthy; vice president,
Thomas Parkineon; recording secretary. O. A.
| Tvcltmoe; financial secretary. Henry Thleler;
j treasurer. John E. McDougrald; gergeant-at
j ariuE. Frank 14. Haskell; trustees — Charles A.
Nelson. A. H. Bwell,.A. U Hollls. W. J.. X.
.Robinson and J. W. Sloan; organising com
mittee— W. H. Harvey. George Keelcy. Rich
ard Thane, W. J. Holman and B. E. Powers;
law and legislative committee — Edward Nolan,
James H. Hammersley, J. O'Connor, M. J.
Kelly and J. Clark; business agent H. D.
• Dies. .
The Bicycle and Automobile Me
chanics' Union No. 177 has elected the
following officers:
President. G. H. Woodward; vice president,
D. N. Nicholson; treasurer. H. W. Cobb; re
cording secretary, G. O. Putzmann; financial
secretary, B. W. Hoffmann; .guide, E. Bell
man;- guardian. I. W. Honcbman; delegate
to Labor Council. J. Zimmer.
Officers have been installed by
Warehousemen's Union No. 10,508, as
follows:
President. J. J. Degan; vice president, J.
R. Clark; recording secretary. R. B. Lynch;
financial secretary. D. : J. Reedy; treasurer,
B. North; marshal, J. Clancy; sergeant-at
arms, J. Barrett: trustees — J. W. Foster. D.
Degan and J. Hubbard; delegates to City
Front Federation— J. J. Degan. E. V. Sullivan
and B. North.
A high jinks will be given at Turk
street Temple Thursday evening, Feb
ruary 12.
C W. Bailey and O. M. V. Roberts,
who were appointed a committee by
the local Carpenters.' Union . to inves
tigate the present strike of the car
penters at Fort Bragg, report that the
stories of neglect of duty on the part
of the union men are false. ; Bailey
and Roberts in their report say that
the men are all behaving themselves
and, that they 'did not., spend the
money donated in saloons and gam
bling places.
The election of officers for the Labor
Council for. . the ensuing term of six
months was such < as to bring, out the
full voting strength of delegates to the
qouncil, which consists of 275 mem
bers. The successful: ones are:
President, G. B. Benham; vice president, M.
W. Coftey, who defeated Richard Cornelius by
a handsome majority; secretary, R. I.Wisler;
financial secretary, P. :H.' Coyle (re-elected); !
treasurer. J. A. Johnston (re-elected); eergeant
at-arms,,.j\. M. Ticdemann (re-elected); , trus
tees. Thomas F. Finn, Miss Sarah Hagan and
Charles Schuppcrt; law ami, legislative commit
teo—C, K. Flslt. W. K. Hagerty, J. W. May
dcr, W. S. Shaffer and Rudolph Speek; execu
tive committee — Thomas Aylward, H. Clnnie.
M. W. Coffey, J. B. Cunningham. William P. ;
Delancy. Miles Farland, J. J. Furey. Miss Sa- |
rah Hagan, Herman Hay," t>., McLennan, Louis i
Rentlcmann. Rudolph Speck and-T." J.- White;' I
organizing committee^ — J. N; Coppus,' Alex'Dl- j
jeau, K. J. Doyle. C. E. -Fl»k, T. J. ¦ Mahoney,
Miss Annie Mullen. -MIhs May McLennan,' Miss
Llizie Hoach and T.-E. Zant; label committee I
— Miss Rose Brady. :C. ; Brewer, 'H. Clemens,'
Frank Flaherty,: Mrs. F. Koch I,. M. Leader,
J. Lyons, J. !J. O'Neill," Otto Schulz. A. ¦¦• M.
Tledemann and J. - O. Walsh. The judges of i
election were • Messrs. HUbachek, : Vickerson, j
White and Reynolds. .; ,
Boat Builders' *Union No. * 16 has
elected the following named
• President, M. J:,. Lovett; ; vice ; president, ? IX
V. Hooper; ¦ recording secretary, H. N. Heaton;
financial secretary. ¦ H. B. Emerson: : treasurer,
E. F. Glelow; guide,"', J.: Ervln; lnaldo watch
man, Henry .W.'.Oppermann; trustees— MV J.
Lovett, E. ¦ F. Glelow and Gus Jansson;' ex
ecutive committee—^H.-iN. Eaton, .M.-'J.' Lov
:ett. J.' " ; P.v Walthour,; J. vV.'Bruman, • E. F.
Gielow, i D. V. . Hooper and -' G. ¦, Jansson ; . dele
gates to ' City Front Federation— Fred i J. ... Wal
thour, M. J. , Lovett and- D.V.: Hooper; dele
gate to Labor Council,' G. Jansaon; ; auditing
committee— JY, V. Bruman,' Charles M. Michael
and Henry W. Oppermann. ¦ . ; : ..-
The City Front Federation has elect
ed officers as follows: ¦">;¦? '*¦:¦'. ¦
-President; Michael Casey: vlc«' president, W.
T. " Colbert: ,, treasurer,' J. ¦ P." B. Jones; * finan
cial secretary, i J. •; Housoii : < recording : secretary
nnd business agent. : John - Kean ; - trustees— W.
Getty, G. : L: Monahan and A. \ H: Corliss: .' or
ganizing committee — M.~. Alves, J. J.. Degan, I
J. C. Smith ! and John Kean. .
Allied Provision Trades Council Takes
Action to Revive the Movement
Originated Years Ago.
CLOSER AFFILIATiOX )
OF UNIOXS PLANNED
LONDON, Jan. 30. — The Daily Tele
graph, in- a column editorial on the
Pilgrims' Club dinners in New York
and London last night, remarks:
"While the threat of war is lowering
on the world's horizon, it is a physical
relief to turn this morning to one of
the most significant demonstrations
ever given of the services of
to the growth of International good
will. Last night England and Amer
ica, to all effects and purposes, dined
together for the first time in their his
tory. We question whether there has
been anything in our time of better
augury for the , future relations- of
the two English-speaking peoples, or
more suggestive of the pacific progress
of civilization at large, than the sympa
thetic and simultaneous banqueting in
London and New York at the opposite
ends of the same telegraph wire. If
we think nothing of modern miracles
it is because they have become daily
and commonplace. In modern experi
ence, from : the, political viewpoint,
there has been none more striking in
its way than the unique symposium
whereby two nations yesterday even
ing bridged the sea."
After a description of the London
dinner, the paper adds: .
"Picturesque and genial as the event
was in itself, and appealing "with
singular success, as it does, to the
spirit of friendly good humor, which,
happily, is the dominating factor in
the intercourse between the British
and American peoples to-day, it has
a profound meaning, whereof serious
historians of the future may take ac
count. The nations, in spite of them
selves are being knitted together by
the conditions of modern intercourse
and the spirit of modern science in. a
mesh of subtle, invisible strands,
which is morally as strong as hoops of
steel. If steam and telegraph, for in
stance, had existed in the latter half
of the eighteenth century it is cer
tain that the separation of the race
would never have taken place."
"Consul General Petrovsky, while
courteous to us, seemed to discourage
the appearance of any other than Rus
sians and Chinese in Turkestan, taking
the ground that the question of Chinese
Turkestan is of no great importance to
the world at large" and that it concerns
merely Russia and India.
"The importance of the question lies
in the fact that the taking of the ter
ritory of Thibet, which is under Chi
nese suzerainty, will be dismembering
China. The object of the British is to
make it impossible. for. the Russians to
establish themselves in Thibet, and to
do this effectively they will have to in
stitute some kind of control. Neverthe
less the United States, which is Inter
ested, . must turn her atetntion to . the
back of the empire and keep an eye
there while watching the sea coast.
"With respect to Afghanistan, both
the Russians and British recognize its
value as a buffer state, and do not de
sire to disturb this situation, though
each fears the other may get -in the as
cendancy above the Ameer." •
Crosby ' has been invited to deliver
lectures before the London and French
geographical societies. He will not re
turn to New York before the 'last of
February.
C1IIXA TO XOSE TERRITORY.
' "As we could carry supplies for only
twenty days, we endeavored to make
Rudek, in Thibet, whence we intended
to strike toward L'Hassa. Unfortu
nately I lost my chronometer and nau
tical almanac and Avas unable to take
observations. We consequently took a
more southerly course than desired.
It was impossible, to correct the mis
take, because the country was track
less and uninhabited for hundreds of
miles. We could find no openings in
the mountains to Rudek, but we
crosed an unexplored region known as
the White Desert. Our horses died
rapidly and we had but a few days*
supplies left when two of our most
trusted men were sent on the last ani
mals able to travel in search of aid.
They rode 100 miles before they found
any one. At the end of eleven days
our two-men returned with provisions.
The nomads, who are like our In
dians, refused to go into Thibet, so
there was nothing to do except accom
pany them to an inhabited region
known as LitU* Thibet, which forms
part of British Kashmir.
. "Aly purpose in visiting C#ntral
"A3ia was to study the past, present
and racial questions connected with
that region. I did not believe it pos
sible to reach L'Hassa except by force
or In disguise and therefore proposed
merely to go as far as r could.
THIBETANS AUE WEAKLINGS.
"The British expedition under Col
onel Yo'unghusband will be able to
enter L'Hassa. The Thibetans can
not resist. Those I saw were mild and
peaceful people, governed by priests,
who, so far as we know, do not in
culcate them with the military spirit,
which is contrary to the precepts of
Buddhism and Lamaism. The result
of thfr expedition will be some form
of British control. Russia is doing
nothing to prevent its success and I
do not think anything can be done. I
do not believe Russia seriously con
templated acquiring that country, for
if a natural frontier ever existed to
their fempire it certainly lies north of
the vast- deserts and tremendous
mountains which must be crossed be
fore inhabited Thibet can be reached.
"Russia can stand British control of
Thibet, because she will take Chinese
Turkestan as a * set-off. ; The inhabited
part of this territory is- rich and popu
lous. Three oases contain 1,500.000 per
sons, wno live by irrigation. The Rus
sians can and will control the commer
cial situation of all this region because
of its proximity to their railroad. Chi
nese Turkestan is still Chinese tp the
outward appearance, having officials
appointed from Peking, etc., but the
Russian Consul General In Kashgar,
who is guarded by political Cossacks,
is . the real w i>ower_ to, the natives and
Chinese there. Even if they wished to
do so, which I doubt, they would be
powerless to resist the Russians.
CROSS THE WIIITK RESERT.
PARIS, Jan. 30.— Oscar T. Crosby,
the American explorer, has returned
to Paris from a trip to Central Asia,
where he explored parts of Turkestan
and Thibet never before visited by a
white man. On his way to Thibet
Crosby skirted Afghanistan, visited
Chinese Turkestan and later. traversed
Kashmir and . the Karakorum route,
probably one of the most difficult
used by human beings, to India. His
investigation developed that China
was threatened from another quarter,
by her rear door, and that an advance
by Russia and Grdfct Britain in this
direction may become as important in
its possibilities to the United States as
a move of the European powers from
the sea. Crosby said:
"J left the United States last May,
stopping at St. .Petersburg to obtain
permission to pass through Russian
Turkestan. The Russian authorities
were courteous and gave me a letter
of .introduction to General Petrovsky,
Russian Consul at Kashgar, in Chi
nese Turkestan. I took the trans-
Caspian road to Andijan.its termi
nus, meeting on the way thither Cap
tain Anginour of the French army,
who joined me In my journey. From
Andijan we went by caravan to Kash
gar,' Chinese Turkestan.
"At this point the caravan was re
organized and started for Thibet, pass
ing through* Yarkand and Kotan and
eventually arriving: at Polu, at the
base of the Kuenlun Mountains. Here
we beean to ascend the Thibetan
plateau elevations, which range from
15,000 to, 18,000 feet high. We trav
eled at this height for eight weeks,
suffering from the rarifled air and
cold. 1 • : -v.'
John P. Mclntyre, attorney for the
assignee, says of the suspension that
it resulted from the short interest in
cotton hold by a number of the firm's
customers, who failed to respond to
calls for extra margins. The firm's
embarrassment, Mclntyre says, prob
ably will be only temporary.
ATLANTA, Ga., Jan. 30.— The Atlanta
office of A. B. Baxter ¦& Co. of New
York to-day made an assignment, as a
result of an order from. New York. The
capitalization of the company is esti
mated at $200,000. The company con
trolled a chain of 125 offices from New
York to New Orleans.
NEW. YORK, Jan. 30.— A. B. Baxter
& Co. (Incorporated) have offices in
this city and did a general brokerage
business in stocks, bonds and cotton.
An assignment was made to-day for
the benefit of the corporation's credit
ors. The company, of which A. B. Bax
ter was president, was incorporated in
1902. :
Chain of One Hundred and
Twenty-Five Offices Closed
on Word From New York
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— The Financier
says: The striking feature of the
official statement of the New York
banks last week was the new high rec
ord for loans, deposits and cash; also
the large increase in the first two of
these items. The gain In the loans was
less by $1,182,100 than, in the previous
week, while that in deposits was
$7,304,200 lt'^s. The increase in loans,
compared with January 2, 1903, has
been $85,981,000; in cash, $50,028,400^ in
deposits, $126,764,1)00, and in surplus re
serve, $15,587,175. As will be seen by the
accompanying table the deposits are
much above the one billion dollar mark
and they exceed the previous maxi
mum, which was recorded February 21,
1902, when this item was $1,019,474,200.
In that month it may be noted the bil
lion dollar 'mark was reached on Feb
ruary 8, and the deposits were in ex
cess of this sum continuously for five
weeks. The cash grain last week was
$8,466,500, an amount closely corre
sponding with the $8,745,200 estimated
increase, which was based upon the
traceable movements of money during
the week. Loans were expanded $29,
4R7.200. This was doubtless due, as was
the case in the previous week's, to
large corporate borrowings and also
to the liberal offerings of collateral
loans at call and on time by the banks.
The circulation was reduced $402,200,
making Jl.038,000 during the fortnight.
It Is noteworthy that the deposits of
public funds were increased by only
J32.700 during the week. The net gain
in this item since January IS has been
$13,900, indicating: that there has not
yet been an accumulation of these de
posits in New York banks in anticipa
tion of the Panama canal payments.
The daily average of clearings last
week was ?21 5.000,000, an increase of
$2,000,000 compared with the previous
week. The clearings on Saturday re
flecting Friday's business were $226,
531.?GG. It will doubtless be of interest
to ncte that in 1902, when the deposits
were above the billion dollar mark, the
cash reserves slightly decreased and the
surplus reserve fell from $26,623,350 on
February 1 to $12,456,650 on February 21]
The rains in cash by seven banks were
$8,800,000, and only one institution
shows an important loss. Deposits
now exceed loans by $29,391,700, against
$21,238,400 in the previous week. ,
Public Funds Show Light In
crease and the Clearings for
the Week Are $215,000,000
Explorer Tells of Encroach
ments Quietly Being Made
in the Interior, of Continent
Editor Declares That Telegraph
Would Have Prevented the
War of the Revolution
EMPIRE SEEMS DOOMED
AN ENCOURAGING OUTLOOK
BRANCHES IN MANY CITIES
CIRCULATION IS REDUCED
While Russia and Japan Dis
- pute Over Sea ; Coast Britain
Is Active in Central Asia
Loans, Deposits and Cash Are
All in the Highest Figures
Since the Latest Settlement
A. W. Baxter & Co., Brokers,
Make an Assignment for the
Benefit of Their Creditors
London Paper Comments Felic
*i£ously on Pilgrim Club Din
ner in New York and London
HIGH RECORDS
ARE THE RULE
NATIONS CLOSE
IN UPON CHINA
SAYS NATIONS
ARE UNIFIED
COTTON SLUMP
WRECKS FIRM
THE SAN FRANCISCO :GALU SUNDAY, JANUARY 31 , 1904.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30.— The fol
lowing Californians are here: At the
New Willard — L. A. Hares, \V. A. No
ble. Mrs. H. E. Wyse of San Francisco.
Californians in Washing-ton.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 30. — Profes
sor Caillard T. Lapsley, Ph. D., as
sistant professor of European history
at the University of Pennsylvania, has
been called to a lectureship and fel
lowship at Trinity College, Cambridge
University, England. Profesor Laps
ley : was formerly with Stanford Uni
versity.
Professor '^Iiupslcy Goes. to England.
24
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS."
A PESTIFEROUS MEM
Sorrows Up the Scalp Into Dandruff and
Saps the Hair's Vitality.
People who complain of falling hair as
a rule do not know that it is the result
of dandruff, which is caused by a pestif-
erous parasite burrowing up the scalp as
It digs down to the sheath in which tho
hair is fed in the scalp. Before long the
hair root is shriveled up and tho hair
drops out. If the work of the germ is
not destroyed hair keeps thinning till
ljaldness comes. The only way to cure
dandruff is to kill the germ, and until
now there has been no hair preparation
that would do it; but to-day dandruff is
easily eradicated by Newiiro's Herpicide,
which makes hair glossy and soft as
•Ilk- Sold by leading druggists. Send
30c in stamps for sample to The Herpi-
cide Co.. Detroit. Mit-u
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Narrow €hesi$.
; The old theory .that consumption : was
inherited is utterly discredited by modern
medical science. The jjerms " of con-
sumption must be received from with-
out. These germs are every where.
Tbey are constantly being received and
K^» «. .-. • • * A are .too weak ; of
Ka V- *\*mL ' un 8T to resist end
Bra, Vf " ©a throw off disease.
Pil&* j ¦' ylil G . oldcn Ic<JicaJ
BttHi NSSgaa Discovery makes
hHHJ » mm strong. It cures
BsH Ha KGV we&knesn, emacia-
tion and other conditions which I if neg-
lected or unskilfully treated find & , fatal
termination in consumption. ¦
$3,000 FORFEIT . will be 1 paid by.
the World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
ciation, Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y.,' if
they cannot show the original signature
of the* individual volunteering Ihe testi-
monial below, and also of the writers of
every testimonial among the thousands-
which they are constantly publishing,'
thus proving their genuineness.
"In the spring of 1900 I mi taken with
hemorrhaje of the . luugs, and became very
weak asd short cf breath, lost flesh and had no
appetite," writes Mr. B. L. Robinett, of. Xerxes,
Tena. "1 was persuaded to try Dr.' Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. The first few bottles
seemed to do me but little good. Thought I
would soon be a victim of that dreaded disease,
consumption. ¦- Had almost jriven up in despair,
when mv friends persuaded" me to give your
'Golden Medical Discovery/ a fair trial. I com-
menced its use. I -weigh- 100 pounds now, and
when I commenced I only weighed 140 pounds.*
If: any one doubts . ibis .'statement , I will be
pleased to answer any inquiry."
Accept no substitute' for " Golden Med-
ical Discovery." Nothing is "just as good."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleans* the
clogged system from impurities.' ' '
PAW PAW
Gives Exhilaration
Without Intoxication
AM ABSOLUTE CURE
For Insomnia, Nervousness and
All Stomach Troubles.
It Makes Old Folks Feel Yonnrj
and Weak Folks Feel Strong.
I Want the Public to Know the Truth-
Know It as I Know'It/ MUNYON.
I BELIEVE there Is a cure for every
disease — I believe that human Ufa
can be prolonged — I believe that people
should die only from old age. and I also
; believe and know that my Paw Paw
Remedy will not only relieve much suf-
' fering. but add many years to the aver-
age life. "
In my opinion dyspepsia and indiges-
tion are the cause of most ailments. In-
digestion means nervousness, sleepless-
ness, impure blood, catarrh, sluggish
liver, kidney and heart affections. No
person can be happy — no person can see
the beauties of life and enjoy its pleas-
ures, -who suffers from any *orm ot
stomach trouble.
I cannot recommend Paw Paw too
highly for all forms of Indigestion and
nervousness. This remedy also acts won-
< derfully well on the liver, blood and kid-
neys, but I believe its greatest office is
Its marvelous effect upon the stomach
and nerves. It is really a nerve food and
vitalizes
It gives exhilaration without intoxica-
tion. It does what whisky_ or beer can-
not do. It relieves the nerve tension. It
stimulates every fiber and puts into act-
ive force every tissue of the V>ody. It
lifts one into the altitude of hope and
holds him there. It Is a bridge that en-
ables the weak and sickly to cross dan-
gerous places. It feeds and nourishes
the nerves, so that the blond corpuscles
will be constantly revitalized, and ths>
losses of the vital forces will be almost
imperceptible. In other words. It will
Kapply a sufficient quantity of l^ve mat-
ter to take the place of waste.
Instead of irritating the nerves and
stomach, it soothes and strengthens
them. Almost every human being some
time requires a stimulant. NOT ANjAL-
COHOLIC STIMl.'LANT. not a stimulant
that will buoy up for a moment and then
cast down to lower depths of depression.
, but a stimulant that will give an abiding 1
strength and lasting force.
My Paw Paw aids the stomach to di-
Best hearty foods and to make good, rich
blood, which asaln in turn strcngtltenst
the nerves, vitalizing all the tissues, and
soon produces muscle tissue, bone.
It is my opinion that the clergymen in
this country could do no greater service
for the cause of temperance- than to ad-
vocate the general "use of my Paw Paw.
for by its use drunkenness would be les-
sened and the morals ,tnd health of. the
community greatly ijriprpved.
A wife whose husband ia addicted to
drinking can do nothing better for her-
self and family than to get a bottle of
this Paw Paw. and whenever her hus-
band feels the need of a tonic give him a
tablespoon of Paw Paw. She will rtnrt
that he will soon lose all cravings for
strong 1 drinks — that his appetite will
soon become natural; that hia nervous-"
ness and lonjcinp for excitement will dis-
appear, and he will be perfectly satisfied
without alcoholic stimulants and harm-
ful beverages. MUNYON.
At all druggists*. Large bottles. $1.
Paw Paw Laxative Pills. 25 cents a
bottle.
SPECIAL DEMONSTRATION and DIS-
PLAY of MUNYOfTS PAW PAW at TH2
NO PERCENTAGE DRUG CO., 949-951
MARKET STREET.
Game Law Violators Punished.'
J. C. Iverson and James Iverson
were fined $25 each by Justice of the
Peace "Wills at Auburn yesterday for
having deer meat in their possession.
Several set nets discovered in various
rivers of the State have been recently
confiscated by deputies, of the Fish,
Commission.
¦ m ¦
Is Arrotctl for Cruelty.
. E. D. Field, a coal dealer who is
a member of the Humane Society, was
arrested yesterday for mauling a
horse belonging to Rev. Wingfleld
Digby of the SeameVs Institute. It
la said that Field struck the animal
because he was angry at its owner. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S5--A MONTH.X5
Aiiii xxnixGxzrxs free.
DRS. SHORES & SHORES
ROT ONLY CXTBE CATASBH, bat
they car* Stomach Troubles, Kidney
Diseases, Bladder Troubles, Heart
Disease, Tiles, Fistula and Hectal
Diseases, Diseases of "Women and
Children. Skin 'Diseases, Deafness,
Asthma, Bronchial and Xtvag Trou-
bles, Rheumatism, Hay fever. Lost
Strength, Blood Diseases and all
forms of Kcrvous and Chronic Sis-
"""* WEAK MEN
If you suffer from any of the weaknesses
or disease* caused by Ignorance, dissipation
or eontajflon YOU ARK THE VEttY PER-
SON WE. WANT TO TALK TO.
Gonorrhoea. . S p e rmatorrnoea.
B* .ure your cur- fS^*?"' ***£
IB thorough. Not Rft •»* "^S
one of oxu patients "*"•*¦ V,^"*
has ever had a re- Stremrth. Hydxo-
lapse after bein K cele, O r g a n le
discharged as cured. weakness, ete,
and we cure In less are also amonr
time than the ordl- the diseases we
nary forma of core to stay
treatment require. n cored. ,-
Varicocele. Specific
Absolutely pain- Blood Poison,
leas treatment that No dangerous mln-
cures completely.. erala to drive the
j n ? • s titrate our virus . to the lnto-
method. It is the rlor, but harmless,
only thoroughly scl- blood- cleansing
entlflc treatment for remedies that re-
this disease bring trove tho last pots-
employed, onous taint.
Home treatment cares. 'Write for free
, symptom list IX yon cannot can. Con-
saltation In versos ox uj letter free.
DRS SHORES & SHORES
EXPXST SPECIALISTS.
933 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
A CHANGE ON MARKET STREET
The Wiley B. Men Co. ftirchase the Piano Business of the* Zeno Manvais
\ . Music Co., Including Hundreds of Pianos and
Simplex Players.
ThB Sheet Music and Small Musical Instruments TO Ee Moied to The
Wiley -B. Allen Building, and Will* Be an Adjunct to to
Big Piano House in the Future.
; — •":
Monday Horning, Feb. 1, at |0 O'clock, the Entire Stock of Pianos and Playeij
From the ManYais Music Co. Will Be on Sale in the Warerooms of
The Wiley B. Allen Co., Making the Occasion of This Big Deal
A GREAT ERfl FOR PlflNO BUYERS.
The Mauvais Music Company accepted a spot cash offer for their busi-
ness. We did not think the offer would be accepted; we do not need these
pianos. We are going to sell them. The sale will begin Monday morning,
February 1, at 10 o'clock. The doors admitting customers will not be
opened until that hour. Buyers will be surprised at the number of plano3
offered for sale and the prices put on them will create a sr'isation.
Your credit is good. Just put a lew dollars in your pocket and pay the
balance at your convenience. What we are determined to do is to dispose
of these pianos immediately. We are obliged to pay big rental 1 for ware-
house privileges and this we want to stop as soon as possible. Before we
• thought of buying the Mauvais business we had ordered heavily from our
factories East, particularly as the freicht rate is to be advanced, and the
.consequent result is that we have an over-abundant supply of pianos that i
must go on 6ale for much below what they are worth or what they are sold
for in other parts of the country. '?
Remember that tr-*se pianos offered for sale are in the main high-
grade and most valuable. They are the pianos which have given the old
and revered music house of the Zcno Mauvais Company a most enviable
reputation— the Behr Bros., Schubert, Wissner, Baumeister, Stodard-Smith
and Barnes and many oti^-r makes in uprights and grands, and all these 1
pianos, without reserve, will be offered for sale for about t half what they*
have been sold for heretofore.
Pianos delivered to any railroad station within a radius of 200 miles.
Piano merchants can buy any of these pianos at the prices at which they
are now offered and make a profit over and above that which they make
when buying »t their regular wholesale prices. . *
There are thousands of families la and about San Francisco that need a
piano, and tt>ere are thousands of reasons why they should, buy right now.
The prices placed on these hundreds of pianos should wind up the sale In
short order, and those who come first of course will get the benefit of
first choice.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal, Jan. 28, 1904.'
c TO OUR IATRONS AND FRIENDS:
The Wiley B. Allen Company has purchased our entire stock
ofpiano<, Simplex Piano Players, our Library of Player Music,
our stools, scarfs and cabinets, for which they have, paid us cash
in hand, and at a time zvhen our zvcrerooms zvere most complete-
ly ailed zrith valuable instruments. This transfer also includes
sei'cral carloads of new fianos which were ordered by us for
shipment from the Eastern factories before the enforcement of
the nezv 10 per cent advance in freight rates, thus securing a cor-
responding reduction in the coi>t-landcd of these instruments for
our successors.
Add-ed to their oivn immense line the complete stock of
pianos and players zvhich zee have turned oz'cr ta the H'ilcv B.
Allen Company places this enterprising and aggressive firm, m
possession of many valuable agencies and gives them the key to
JVe zfish to thank the public for tJie liberal patronage be-
stozaed upon us during the many years zee haz'e been in business
in San Francisco and vicinity, end zvc ask a continuation of that
same courtesy ana liberality for our successors.. Yours most
respectfully, '. THE ZENO MAUV4IS MUSIC CO.
Per* ROY MAUVAIS, President. .
A GOODPIANO FOR $1 30.00. We or in any other part of the world for
will offer during this sale fine Upright less than $250.0-0, will be offered for
Pianos, mahogany, 7 1-3 octaves. saU by us af $200.00 while they last,
overstrung bass, three strings, genuine They will not be sold for less than
high-grade ivory keys, continuous 3250. 00 after the present lot is di.s-
hinges, carved music desk panel, piano posed of.
fully guaranteed, for $130.00. There • • i *.¦¦
ere thirty of these pianos, and they! LIBRARY PLAYER ftUSIC. The
will be sold at the above prices until immense stock of the Mauvais Sim-
all gone- plex library music, added to that of
• * * our own. makes our library now lar-
A. PIAXO FOR $15.5. C-i. Finished j ger in volume and variety than can be
In rich San Domingo mahogany, a | found elsewhere this side of Chicago,
beautiful figure, double veneer, full I S'mplex music can be tt&ed on the
extension automatic music desk, extra Chase & Baker Player or the Pianola.
fine felt hammers, exceptional scale ? • o *
for Kinging quality of tone, power and SHEET MUSIC AND MUSICAL, IX-
resonance. There are one o- two car- STRUMEXTS. The entire Mauvais
loads of these pianos. Btock of gheet music# bookg and mu8 .
0 * - • * * :.,- leal instruments is now being moved
.HUXPREDS OF PIAXOS. some sec- into our buiUKng. Mr. H. S. Stedman,
ond-han'd. frem the Mauvais rental so well at'l favorably known in the
stock, will cost you but a song. Some trade, will be in charge of this depart-
that are just from various factories, ment, and will continue this branch of
like the Behr Bros., Baumeister, Wiss- the Mauvais business in connection
ner, Schubert, etc.., which heretofore with our piano warerooms, making
have been held as high as* $500.0? and the establishment at 931-933 .Market
up, will be offered by as at about one- street the most complete and fully
half the price asked for them hereto- equipped music house on the Pacific
fore, and on easy payments, too, if Coast
necessary. .' . •; > i \ > • •
• • . • • A NEW FOUR-STORY BUILDING.
GRAXD PIAXOS. Take the eleva- with basement, 47x155. is soon to be
tor to. the sixth floor of our building erected for us, immediately ba*k of
and see dozens of Baby, Parlor and our Market-stfeqt building, running
Concert Grands on display, of various through from Stevenson street to Jes-
Ieading makes. Any of these Grands sle street This building will be our
during this sale will be almost cut in Wholesale Quarters, while the Mar-
two so far as price is concerned. ' ket-street building will be devoted to
. • • •? . retai'l exclusively.
SQUARE PIAXOS. Perhaps you * * V
would like a Square. If go. it only AND FINALLY, remember, this:
takes a few dollar* to get a Steinway The P^nos which we are going to put
Chickering. Steck. Bradbury and other on sale are those which we bought
prominent makes. Later on, if you from tne Zeno M auvais Music Co., and
choose to do so, the Square you buy evc ry one of these pianos, without re-
now can be turned in toward the pur- serve « wM be closed out by us at
chase of an Upright and we will allow Prices astonishingly low and on terms
then "all that you pay for the Square that are easy... Store open nights dur-
now. Ing this sale. Mark you well the.lo-
• ••;.-; cation.
SIMPLEX PLAYERS. A carload THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.,
or two of these popular Simplex Play- 931-933 Market Street,
ers. which have never been gold h«?re Between Fifth and Sixth. .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISE1IENTS.
|g'pniinwwin»iiniKin«iMmmiwiiwii»n'inmiiiiii'i»iiiiiinl 1 iwiujj
lf^ - v Sunday. 31 January, 19O4. .
Charming cheval
dressing table
We can't imagine a
woman standing in front of
a dressing table like , this
without wishing for one. In
fact, the boudoir is not corn-'
plete without such a piece.
You will have no trouble in
matching your other
ture,' as we have this table
. in mahogany, birdseye ma-
ple and golden quartered
oak. Measures 42 ' inches
wide, and from floor to top
of J table: 20 inches. The
iriirror— a genuine French
bevel plate, of course— is 19
by 43 inches. Price; $60.00.
1 Less expensive dressing
tables at most any -price you
A choice variety of wall
hangings and drapings are '
I here to choose from. . For j
the bedroom .or living-
i room we are. showing some
1 beautiful color effects in
cretonne, 'taffeta and Eng-
lish velvet, ¦embracing ex-
, qiiisite selections from both .
> domestic and European
markets.
261 to 281 Geary Street
, At Union Square
ADVERTISEMENTS.PAI1I3. Jan. SO.— Prince Louis Xa-
T'Cleon, a major general in the Rus
sian army, tas Lorn accorded a leave
of absence b" thn Czar sufficiently long
to rnabls him to regulate the aiTairs
of the late Prineesrs MathiJde. He was
crreet-d on his arrival in Paris by
«l«rers anrj cries of "vive le General
Eonaparte." He v.as welcomed by
leading members of the Bonapartist
party, and drove at once to rejoin his
mother, the Princess Clotilde. who
lives habitually In Paris. Louis Xapo
leon is the residuary legatee of Prin
cess Mathilda.
Prince Napoleon in Paris.
moraine at the lwx office. The company
j'-rsj) direct from N>vr York to this city
ttr.ti open Monday niglit. February 8, in
1 !.*> .!f>ul)l» bin. "Wlmop-Dee-Doo"* and
•CaUierin*-.** AmoTip the leading princi
pals are Lillian Russell, Louis Mann.
y.oss find Feoton. I'etcr F. Dalley, John
T.. Kelly and V.'pher and Fields. Th«
prices will be $2. $5.50. Jl, 75c and 60c. •
The sale of seats for the tiro weeks'
Reason of Ti>ber & Fields at the Grand
Op»ra-house rrill begin next Wednesday
Weber & Fields' Seat Sale Opens
Wednesday.
"WARSAW. Ind.. Jan. SO. — Russell
I^orfard. a youth of 16. residing south
•of this place, to-day completed his sec
ond year of sleeping' in the open air
In eir kinds of weather. He is bat
tling for his life against tuberculosis.
Out on his 'grandfather'^ veranda,
xrilh absolutely no shelter except the
soof, but In a warm and comfortable
.bed, the 'youth sleeps where he .can
br«athe the _ pure atmosphere. * He
*^a?.*ns that this heroic treatment,
•without any medicine whatever, Is re
j<£orinsj his health.
Indiana Yonth Adopts Drastic Meth
ods In His Fight, Against
Tuberculosis. .
SLEEPS IN OV1ZS AIR
t ' • TO RESTORE HEALTH
LQNDON. Jan. SO. — There Is no
whisky trustMn Great Britain, but a
•cr't of. public house trust has been
Ftarted. 'with'iKe Bishop of . Chester as
president. This may not be in accord
wfth American Ideas as to the attitude
cf lie Bishops tnd clergy in regard to
thA temperance question, but really It
is a reform movement. c
It must be remembered that the
British workman regards his ""arf and
*arf" in" the. light of a constitutional
prerogative, "and generally he doesn't
seem to care- what surroundings he
take? It in. Consequently a great por
tion of- the pnblic houses pt London
ire places of gloom and dirt.
The- People's 'Refreshment House
Association has acquired one of the
lowest saloons in .Southwark, torn it
down, and built a fine three-story
h/suse, with clean, light dining-rooms
e.nd bars, "the idea being to make a
*irt of club to inculcate into the lower
ojasses*orne of that self-respect which
loo often is lacking in London.
verted.- Into Respectable
Club House*.
Resorts Art* Remodeled and Con-
LONDON CLERGYMEN
PURCHASE SALOON'S
PARIS. Jan. SO. — Professor Curio's
refusal to accept the cross of the Le
gion of Honor for his discovery of
radium seems to have brought him
more substantial recognition. One of
the largest and best equipped labora
tories of the Pasteur Institute has
been placed at the* disposal of the
savant and his wife. Moreover a bill
has been introduced in the Chamber of
Deputies by Gezault Richard, opening
a special credit of $20,000 to permit
Professor Curie to continue his re
searches. There Is every prospect
that the bill will be parsed by unani
mous vote.
Radinnf s Discoverer Rewarded.
•.FEORIA. ill.. Jan. 30. — General
J^ohn Green Ballance, U. S. A., who
#ras very prominent in the Philippine
Eomp'&ign, has entered suit against
His brother. Willis H. Ballance, When
general Ballance went to war he ap
pointed his brother an agent and al
leges that his brother collected ren
tals and sold property, diverting the
proceeds, large sums, to his own use;
tksit he refuses to make an accounting
pr surrender the books. General Bal
larce owns much Peoria * eal Restate
ana Is a member of one of Peoria's
oldest families.
Army Officer Declares That While in
° Ahc Philippines His Profits Have
Not Been Accotinted for.
GENERAL BAI.I.AXCE
si:es his brothek
ANXAPOLJSk Md.. Jan. f /o.— -To
fiay's passion of the Maryland Senate
v:&s jprobaMy the most ' unique In its
history- The body t\ as called to order
in .th« regular s»Ss]oiv by 'President
Jones when tJie hour for meeting bjt
rive£..he being the only Senator pres
ent. The others in the chamber were
Becretai-y JlOss, "Thomas J. McNear.
Messeryjer Pratt. Chaplain Mills"." txvo
newspaper' men and one 6?ectator.
Aiter McJJear had called c the soil and
amvounced the laclc of a tjuorum he
wm constituted as sergeant at arms
mfi sent tor the afcsent Senators. His
report xras that none coulij be found.
No business uas therefore
' About noon Delegates Collins and,
William* arrived • and escorted the
B^nate in the person of ' President
Jones to the '. House of Delegates'
chamber, there to ballot as required by
.the statutes of ;he United States for a
Unit»a States Senator. The roll call
there <Jevek>pJnj» the fact that only six
Delegates were present. th«* Speaker
announced that owing to the, lark of a
Quorum them would be no balloting
for the election, of a Senator. There
upon the joint assembly tv.is adjourned
on rpotion of. Delegate Duvall. The
eesslon of thfc Senate havins renamed.
President Jones announced the ad
journment of that body until Monday.
The balloting for T'nifd States Sena
. tor will b<« resumed n<»xt Tuesday.
BUSDvESS IS SUSPENDED
>
Deadlock on- United States
Senator Continues and a Vote
iWill SotBe Had Till Tflesday
An Unusual Proceeding Takes
Place in the .Upper.- House
/of the Maryland Legislature
SENATE MEETS,
BUT IN SILENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY ,31,,. 190£.
This treti 25 per cent reduction on
every he*ter In Block. San Fraadseo Gas
»c<3 Electric Coicyaxjy. 415 Post street. •
25
| Lace Curtains fhe Genuine AH Market-Street WM st °P at Manicuring Card Engraving \
»: At Liberal Reductions Indian Bead 1^ drt** Hair Dressina Cut Prices This Week S
fc* . A rery important ta'.e th - i for Monday and Toctdar. ' 0%g * m mm *% r~ ' ffj'' Jttr^ f Until ¦ closing time next Saturday night »« wia en- S
J. Se»eral palri of the newest drfjnt, in white, -GlMllCS S5O 'rf^* *H ~ jfJ2^ ' J* M ViU 'M *'~*M\*0 And ftee maaacs by »om« of the F»™ « Ter 7 be« material, la .trictly op-tonlaw fint- •{
-> ecru and Arab in colon; ccpie« of Brusrelj, Iriih Point, _,, . , , ¦ ,, . _ t jf M/T €_ tSXiJ^M/B^W i^&f'Q/V ' /f # B £rfyw i .v -. dasi itv'e: V
t Point Arabe and Norelty- real Lace Curtain, at the lowe,t Thes 5 tXt the ««rcil thing," &*&&/ JT W TL TdyMyMJL&E& ™* " F "** ?'* Js - Cc> P bte » wi:h l0 ° " rdl » nim< » fa "'*?' • • S1-3S *
£ pricfi such curtain* have erer been quoted for in this city. 2 yards long, in largi VB^ r S M te^^Vk X Jg BBMBA J &• 12*SErt>WB B Perfectly appointed pir!or», with jj.,^ pht% wirh , 0O Clr j, t nirne ia Rassan or ¦*
»i 90o Curtain* at 84o. • . variety of colorings, regu- ¦ "CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- • A '¦' ,^n—-^^* eTer r modern appliance — e'ectric plain OM Engliah St. 75 ]t
Z t\^t *t ei 9 oS- larly JT2 CO «ch MOD- • _*-S5^S5^ halr-cirv.r,, etc The best work at '°° ««». .nd P l«e in tinted OM English. .. S2.25 «
| Sale Nemo Corsets, 95o, $1.65 75c Colored Smart Spring. Suits-- Jackets \
| -Alrnosf ,v«y tvh.ether she'wekrs *ne. or not, Knows of the merits of the T^ffctaS 59C At Tempting IlitrOtlUCtOry PHceS \
j; "Nfmb 1 : self-reducing and figure-building system of corsets. ] Being the acme of per- (Monday Only) Do you peed a suit for in between the seasons? See the new arrivals Just \
g jm8S$m "worfdiwSt tw US " is possible t0 raake a corset ' liifiSlilS fti Y - k - # i h - »«w at * 14 - 95 - ««° • Mf ™< « 9 - 75 - I
i I So cafefbl°are the Nemo manufacturers to maintain this high standard that if a A good, heavy quality very bright Th - ey P° ssess a11 that variety, exclusiveness and originality of style ideas-that J
| g ww of stitching is crooked, or if a bone is one-eighth of an inch out of position, or if a an d lustrous— a quality* that should interest the women of good taste. They are as nicely made and fnished as suits that -«
j ir spot of machine oil, however small, mars the beauty of a corset, they are immediately g i vc the most satisfactory wear. The formerly cost twice the prices asked for these." Jv*-^ : J
i*. marked "seconds" and at the end of the season are sold at hal! price or less. sale comes j u « at the right time, at And speaking of price, if you £ ~- were having a suit like one of X
* u .v; aV^ b?en } h M fortUn , ate S^^k ones this year to secure the corsets the beginning of the dressmaking sea- these made xo order, you could JS5£w hardly buy the materials for the I
v m i 1 folks marked l^^M seconds," about 1000 in all, and 3on . \ Ve have all these co'ors in price we charge for the finished garments." 3«
*. Monday we begin the most extra A q&Hr ordinary corset sale ever held in profusion. # A*/ New 5 J • f b << '5
if this city. If thefe are any flaws •Lf in these corsets the most careful ~ J New Spring Suits $14.95-0™ y*^^. * <a ' Tt 1 !r\* 5
1*. scrutiny on our part has failed to J^V discover them. See if you can. Cr*zw Castor of the w «»i K yie, shown in 4^§P />^S\<SS§? 1°° ," "J
IV o JTS^— --X^ • Pink Navy il'wtration — fancy mixture U -w£^*T V / A'Sft AvS"^3S*3f wry best valua wo have rrw -»
' S G1 CZft fiO *»°fir° Aft /;Alk^ tit ¦O*y« /?/... D / nove:ty luitiDg, in blue and '•* 4? . ' 7I^J l\ Wvfl • AV 7 offered In twilled cortrt ctoth Jl
k, CliOl/, t '1/TiSril &*Z.m2U, *2>.4SMi2 nllie KoyaL brown effects -the collar^ /p'HiifCliia J^^b^ jacket. Thru h •' S
V \fnJ,l r ,« 7 V JIV ll\^\/ H^"*} , r r/ *•• 7/Zw" • ITflr'ntmhr entire iuit neatly piped and \\ \^% \ tO"* • I MM//. 3 iU 7 IBa?Py ' . 'S
J. Models m ) A\KW "f i Models in i*« . Heliotrope b aetM^^ \A^3rJiT^j3a fflff ZJ 3 vl\ yt-nUtc,. worth «t ta« .5
it! W»//*, Z?r^ fl«0T \ rS^?!'/ A' RInrb <tnt,™ 'ilrnh I HlS 1S tHe 7^C Width at actuily priced- \^WWJ Wit *flK&\pl M . fric f """ °" * *
t- W^ /^^^f 1^ N - Black SaUen,D,ab a nd quality, special to- $$^.35 Sllw ffl\ PlAv // "^nro S
fc /C^- / rt^ Couil1 morrow only, yard 150^ w*-a-m**+* jUJj$ / I MAs> §8.50 *
% Sices 18 to ?6. FWlW Tl^W/^^^W j urr ; r> ,- , fS^^d^ Sew Spring Suit $19.50- l^W^^} //I \\ LJ'ir^V » .u v , u* •..-,. :x
j£ . J Lj^))l7ir X* T W^a^^U- andlVktte Basttste. very Le fwiUed covert doth, U \ §S&/fy$ Another New Jacket. SIL75 .%
!$ Beginning Monday Tyy/nfli / V \ c- o^ a^ »¦'¦ -#- • in a P te:t y ihade of tan ; «> : - s // U wl $k $y * * —see picture on nght, • .«
S Afv rf*MjHM £ 7 J f! wlll " co L jacket, .ined with taffeta ,;ik y /£JSf \ 4\^Sv ?*!J i f f' we v ned> hal ,f *
£¦ '8#*5^*l • / ' C UWffl t^T^yHfc yCMIm jSltojn *99%f5& Bi ? g«tandbe ; tai S ortmentw=hav : ev e rhad. ard £Vcn , e th 7 . gore unfinrd S/ /»' V. Slfe^ fitted back, eoHarleo, wnall ,J
* qgjj^jjigjp ' 'S°^ \^f^-^^%M Jff^ aooo finey lace w'entinti, 1904 designs heart skirt; entire jyit splendidly tailored; < \\ H¥&x V ca^, the ibgls breasted f!y .J
£ . \tf ///r> J^&^V] Cupd «ffect», at actually wcrth fae.oo, and actually —^ — <?^'| f \\ V'W'^ front ityle that wul be Tery popular •
S • \ If ll(x£^ ¦ TT "" '""*' """ . . .6for5Ot 9 for 5c and /o each. priced— <=a *s$' | \i tf\\"^ ti ' > i P nn 5' »••««»<* of |l5.«o, we '^
S ¦ ! j B | Ili'^^^ 5300 fancy lace valentines, new fquarc .ani st*> 49 jf»k bj% w\ - hare marked them— Jt
* Btcause of the large number of fl 1 \\\ J>\ T .. . , oblong erects, with envelopes, each. . . - $$ZK&lm£lSLB 43*11 -9 S '2
J- these corsets that will be sold dur- •lfll>f^\ . T hij> an^ opportune sale, ......... l-io to /Oo *pa+9m%**J —>^^ $11.75 .J
t 1 WlUaem 1 ' %uuLe\r? P vlZ b J s e fennel TrsTaT^en^re- Card v^cntines-a hundred ne^esigns . Novtlty Sprlng Suil $ , 9 . 75 _ Excellent qu alitv LymansviUe cherlct, either black, bhe or brown, collarlcs, Eton Jack«, J
j £ jo £r/ Mr size you usually wear and M ?«*>?</ /<? M,r* n^rzf zown over. Fancv {ar;J d • o« to 4^« * neat combination of the miiei1 * 1 and rllt ttffeta ' te* 11^? tfctched; the ihort tram iklrt b unhned, the entire rat .«
you mill have no trouble. ¦ 1SemO Remember these are not sale cor- Hanging and Standing Xoveltie. tOc to <ff '» %% taUorel and bat an air of distinction all ita ownj Initead of |»5.o», we hare &<§£* TF IS X
f \ = =_J Models -^fr. Agwoj. I N'ovclric, ; n boxes, from . . So to $7.5U marked them .9*+*»**9
I -»>|j^mMta.| The Emporium's Great Annual Sale I T %^^^ ks j
i J 1 , m:nt of this class of garments that has vet been displayed anywhere r 1 t . ± &
I -*— • , d f . . . . . ' < 7000 Gases at a Saving of IS to 25 Pet- Cent % e ' S 0 ' sale '"/' at ""* %f% :?
I Jk| The magnitude of our purchnes of waists hai given us pneeadrjn- • *" Bliy tlieSe and SttVC OTie-tllird. X
j *; tages, which we beHeve win mean a living of at least cne-qumer for ,# The foremost event of its kind that takes place in California. The . ¦ *
i». our patrons. We have marked: time when the economically inclined buv fl season's «:iinnlv c; n l*»c UnUl Weilneid *y n5 K ht *« thoice « taported n:ereenxed>ta^ -JC
t 75c value ptrcale »a«ts at SOO if o £ economicail> inCJinea Duy a Season S SUppl>. bales daffia$k> at lbout cne .tbJrd 1«, tian regular prices -J
!* a J 1. -5 figured Bedford cord waits 85O begl " 8:3 ° H * m * Mondav - Extra Salesmen. Increased delivery. Bleached German Damaski, like satin, 71 bche* w-de, -- J
g J::S vS u:; S £ IJio C^ w Asparagus Peaches Plums String Beans Salmon °r 9 ° C *"?"v 1-" I :J
\% »»-75 vaue ia»n wa^w ar j>*-of# „ . A v^-a /Tjl "y /5'ii/ <- / •-»• Bleached German Damasks — patterns verv choice, 63 _ ._ %
¦V *:.= 5 vaue lawn was: at 5/.7S PettS AsparagUS 1 IpS ApriCOtS PltlCClppleS SllCCOtasJl OySterS inches wide, the 75c kind . . ....'.... . .3 7C *
:% J:. 5 o vaue lawn wast at. $1.95 Tomatoes French PeaS PearS Sardines Apples Sardines Bleached Mercerized Damasks— z cases only, > clean-up __ *
! j: Other exquisite lawn and cheviot waists Assorted Soups, all brands, etc., etc. the 6?c kbld ' yird 7C I
** at $? 7 " tf ;/f/ s O * /fish linen waist at -¦ > Bleached Damasks— a let that has got the outsido foldi ilightly
** c^> . .^, , . / / ** 300 cases Asparagus— Good Is- 1000 cases Tomatoes— Best H:s- 50 cases Strinjr Beans — Extra soiled, in shelf display, "instead of 6oc yard, for this oo Jt
t $4-°°, aild many Other Styles. • , and . dczca $ 2 .OO, ' «n /7C. P"ian, packed at Hay wards; dozen qua.ity S & W or Utfeida packed, dozen m!c ; • '. *» C J
: k' — ¦ • f»r\rk t Q *if* tin J?r» fjo .:_ ?>•/„ Damuk Table Cloths — two lots of bleached ntin-fialsh cloths, a m
« C "W \£kS**S**4e* 200 cases Asparagus — Lirgc, £ m »c. ; $1.63, »n /^c. limited quantitj- of tbe Je , . :?
J- flt* «£»* Ww3m1S¥& whi.e; dozen $2.40, n 2tCm 500 cases Tomatoes— Hunt sex- 59 cases Succotash — Choice jj. 75 rze (2x2 >£ yds.) S/.3S -J
] Z m l j • t. l l >-C*k. j 3 >•»-» • aA Qflrt -<»^i>c n>i1lnn T/<.t<ni*s»»<7 iw MbCb rinK AUbKasaimDil size ioxzo inchss, instead of $1.75 doren, this salo OftAO *2
!j. Movers dcc.are that they are the /^K$* dozen $3.45, «n 2Sc» F ,^ d jlj Tomatoes— Good qua uy, dozen $1 m Q5, tin «Jc» 3 J
* stayed at all points where required, and /ilrs-/m\ 100 cases Asparagus Tips— Ex- dozen $1.5Q tin 13c. i 200 cases Gallon Pie- Fruits— i%*%M*r WSi&WM %MOOU& -J
if they give with every motion of the / l\ m \[\ qua.ity; dozen tin 2Oc. 1 00 Cases Hunt's Extra Fruits Peachcs - A P^ es - Pca ", Rums and A P"- ' An arrav of fashionable new fabric,, in a. ranety of wearea, coloring. S
S bodv - (illl. \T/i 1 000 Cases Corn — Beit Western, __, Jb tins packed in heavy svrup C °"' ° ZCn $2.60, "n 22c. and styles never attempted her: before. Many of the noYekiei arc -J
I ' • ". N-H-'bT BCW su S ar ' corn ' d02 = n $1*15, tin eczen $2.85, ™ 24C. ' 300 cases Oysters-Good standard, ™ e B iad inuU <i-ntitie, of a kind to pre^t their :,
: 5: For Girls or Boys-Si Z =s from 2 to .4 JJJ^, We. 50Q cases Pineapples _ Extra do «« 95c, tin fi C . Pannt g StrI d Madru _ Tery choIce , larg9 „„, ofeoleni *
\X years: tor gir,s, in white or cream; 500 cases Corn— B:st Maine; Hawaiian, sliced. 3 ib. tins, dozen 150 cases Oysters— Extra is, do z - vard . * 75o X
\fg for. boys, in cream only, f%g" \ J / cz:n $1.7 O, tin 15c. $2.38, tin 2Oc. zn $f.4G, tin 12c. Fancy Weaves— white mercerized, medium weight effects, from' £
IJ each. dGOC \ 200 cases Sugar Peas-Standard; 50 cases Sardines— Choice, im- 100 cases Oysters. Select— M Engl , and ' yar t' ••;•;.*•• ; * */ ' * '' *°? 5
,*! dozen $1.O5, tin C . oorted in oil, dozen $1.05. tin 9 D . zt, dozen $2.85, t.n 24c. NtW Jl P« nese Ofpes-b whue, black and plain and fancy col- 'J
;g m. . £12*%** -4WI Cases Finest Extra Small 50 cases Sardines — Extra bone- 100 cases Assorted Soups— Van Waisting Oxfords- all whit-, .olid colors and fancies, erery one new I?
jj« KjriiOBGG OF £2dJ%JI . Sugar Peas — £>02cn $2.15, tin ess. imported, dozen $2.60, tin Camp's, Anderson's. Campaeu's or in des gn and weave, yard . ... a BOO -J
*' KM^^.9^ *O /l/l iiTi'o O/»J iiiZdJ. • 1& Cm 22C. IXL, per dozen 95c. t" m #C* Twilled Suitings— the heary wrapper and skirting fabrics, fa great X
J, me/l S $*ZmUU lO VJ.UU tiatS f * variety, yard 12 1-2 O *
\i .;• an Monday Novelty Spring Dress Goods and Silks ? "Z "^T^t^.T Bou . re : te . w . ea^ 6 Fio I
£ /^ . &S SO Plenty Of the mUCh-in-demand Metallic Effect ara hero Galateas-the best quality, and a thoroughly representative atsort- 'J
iV J im 9fram%*+* Pretty Broken Checked Silk-LouYnej and uffita*, manufactured ex- 46-inch Tweed Suiting* -Spring drsigns, mtdium wright, in a large C .T^ .^ \ .' t ' ' *„' " / ' * ' " " c ' " . ' ' j ".' ]. "5
! * m>^-JlAza Broken lines Of Derbies in blacl" fcr thirt Wli : luit! - in a11 th '~ (**™M* spring a Si ortment of th= ne^coloring,, yard 75C Silk Striped Walsting FUnnels-yard wide Scorch good,, « damrv ;,
1 &££ZZHm^& Broken 1 ines 0t D CrblCS, in black ZSC 4?-inch Voile Et Z m!n £ -Thh w'li be one of the mo,: popular fabrici cdorinri, yard ;. .-. 5Oc X
* \*^£&**^ and brown, all ne\V and Staple '° Ing '' am ; * ZMG wcrn this comng spring and summer. We have it in champagne, , %
£ Styles, not all Sizes in each Gun Metal Effect* — In rich lunrous Louisines. in dainty designs that roya', Un, green and gray, yard 75o &Z/3 CS02 /T*** f***R#4G* *£^? /T& *
V /2&?%^£\ lot but VOUr Size in Some Of , ,. m * ke hanasome iVtt wa '« *"'". vard S3.OO 38-ir.ch A-mure— With sma'l pin h:ad do:, in shades of red, gr«n, navy, •^¦r«i?«# QJlU—ijKZl M «<£> «^?«»>»*#O ,T
t : them, and Soft HatS-FedoraS brow, and black; very serviceable for children', .chooldressc, yard '.-^^ J/.«^ E ght, foldin, 5
: t' WI*r7-£!&rZ) and Flat Cr0WnS ' in black '. i-he,wide, y ari . 7. 7 5c Cream "d^s Goidi-^r wa's crelm edo'r -¦much «m » no. >\\
\j^^^^^^ brown nutria and pearls, hatS P «" ted Nerand Point d'E P ri: - One ofthT. season's mo.: pronounced We are shovvirg an extensive assortment of cream good,, in all til \ \\ h miSffi-t %
£ — **T^ WOrthUptoS3.50^* Y-/1 »^.ff- e .^§ Wehave them in 3 grades in a full assorr. newest weaves in both plain and fancies, per yard \ 1 -t'ead cf * 4 co each, if O J«
t; each, beginning Monday.your choice &I*9U \ .«*** «-™™t * y»* 6Oc, 75c, St.00 SCc, 75o, S1.OO $1.5O |_ll en irpeiiuL .: . '. $3.48 *
V <z~*s** Tnsi**t Arties***: Wg Announoe Arrival of Spring Carpets ifl I Kp£££||£ |
g s om e Mr* sweats Monday ~ yh And Sale of Velvet Carpets $1.00 Yd. ¦ . £&„»;*£*£* 5
V Kirk's Vitch Hazel-An invaluable aatkepfc, with deligh:ful _ _, Th= « tcnslvc purchases of our carpjt buyer for the spring trade have been rapidly arriving during the past few days, EjrBlfV \ ented " teniion Ie 5 ««» «&««8 cnd « *5
*¦ vloirt prrt'umt, rcga'.any 15c, iprcul Monday 1 0c an^ v l^" cnc^ °^ this we;k a"most ail of th= n:w carprts will have been received. Anti-combine prices will prevail this /j^^-^c^fyv \ Kliy w '^ *"""» 2n * fl? cr #1/1 ¦*
. sc Imported Tooth Brushes— : Fine quality Irutles, ass jj ted h»ndle.«, -^ season as well as Jast, and it will be decidedly to your advantage to examine our stock and to compare assortment and |L5^1=2^*«tt$CtM \ robber-tiied wheels. .<pO«(#(# X
« speniii valuer 1 scsp-cial Monday Sc prices before supplying your carpet needs'. ' lU^/^^W^ **-"" u" S F^^k* ? °- a^- w . lth ad " $
j: 2cc tube Sheffirld Tooth Pas.e . t5o « . . ., .- ! Z I- ™ «^ . , » "j , 1 , \S^ JSSlZSrt justable reed dash; has reed back, cane .,
j v 25c tube Woodbury'a Dental Cream 2uC Sale Of Velvet Carpe(S~$1.00 per Yard— Choice of 15 new, up-to.datc patterns and co onngs, of Wjv33/ *".* and reed arm r - tt5 ' com ? !ete wi:h *
i fc* 15c tubs Woodbury'i Fadal Cream .'. . . . . 2Oc ' an execent ve vet carpet, at apricc which is irom 10c to 20c cheaper than ordinary Brussels; all this coming week, springs robber tire, CT/1 "*
i«V $1.00 bottle Neubro's Herpicids Hair Tonic . . 75o sewed, laid and lined, per yard ' ; M i> SSimOO ctc gO<gl/ >l
1 J 25c box Anarnisc Tooth Soap. . -. %5o ' * * * • • ? • • - y.w _ _^ — T
I p :^S d ; r . jp Safe of Embroideries Tea Set Special F s *° °JrT^n d winGS \
\ %;t^l?&^^ m \':'.\\%£ |ocva,e 8 jjp y:J . 40cv a ,cs/9 Cyd . <* K js J3 yj^ ¦ Fronoh- ana German Wines $
X * 5 c cake Padcer'. Tar Soap /SS 2acvai.es/4cyt/. 50c values 23c yd. 3§£&9*5-*£r /^^^^N^^-^^ Monday and Tuesday Only: %
*•* 55c cake Dr. Lambert's Skin S:ap. S/5u These embroitlerics are of the best manufacture, nicely rinished and ~*^\- /tfT^ N/^T'^^^X RudeshciHXCr Or Dravnc- m i3\ J»
J, . 1 5c cake Witch Harel Scap .......... tUO clciriy workrd on fine quaUty cambrx, nainsook an! Swiss ma*ri*li. Carlsb.d China Tea Set - fefe*»~, V^T \A huraer— Very choice im- fi| 11 1
2 15c cake Pears' Unscented- Soap. '.«|»%i...f OO At 11C -The widths are from 4 to 7 inch.-s. Thin fin: Cftina, with »^.^^vf\\ \U « 41 I norted IRbiae win- reen- t I 'I
£ *i.as Emporium Rubber Gk>va . QSo At f4o— The xvidths are from 5 to 9 inches. dainty '.'pink flower decora- /iV^-- : e«f JJO^L /«j/ 11 - "' * CS I \ tel ' I I «
;• At /S O _The widths are from 7 to j 4 inches," suitable for corset covers ti.n, 44 peces for 1 z '^T 4$ 'lMj&& - /£/ Urly oc «« 0t * 2 ff\ I tt C A -. » ft .«
J»* UkH**m<m9*!* £"»MM*C»fB*M<M«« and skirt flounce. ; . . ' , p--op!e, consisting of 1 tea A^ J^^pT^^^^B^' quarts, for the _ — X "T*V« lU J**v f l\ '5
V iwi&n 9 I* Urni*9B§tBiB/& At 2Jc- The widths are from Stoi 5 inchcj,in fine French blind t ot, sugar bowl and cover, a-tfffi-jgg C^,^/^V two days, case $S# #O tj • jilflS H M *
f Spring Golf Shirts-Made of nice madras or woven percale, J^LZ±i±l _. i «cam pitcher, i bowl,- »^ , Saatcrne _V C ry .a- ¦ fflJU i ji» J | *
» j^hu 6 uwi» *»u»m . , r . —^ — — —— CJ^ e pU;^ IS d;ts:rt platis, 12 cuos and saucer.', our rrgu!ar t , , . .'.,--•« !fi 1 I Li '. '2
V in the new shades of gray and b.ue, with neat stripes Sale SGrVlffUS TrBVS low, cv try day price, \ 6. 75, ad«:d : d bargain, on yyy» P« ior Ff " ch wine, regu- |J | r-J . . J2 .«
J and small figures, separate cuffs to .match, O««JCS Oe/-lf/W«y # rVSjfS. Monday at - - . larly case of 12 qts. $8.2 c, TTTTi *
j; each. ..... ... ..... . StmOO SpiGe CabinetS, efG* 70c Per Dozen Water Tumblers— Thin blown,^car poshed —^w case 24 pts. J 9. 2 5. for the #O |^ | IS? \'
J* Men's Imported Hall Hose— L«g= variety to select from, An import lot that could not b: released from Custom s as . Monday dozm .. . ... . . . 5<+C two days, <£*. $6*50,, m*Sis& P'JJ. 1^^ ij
J - in the new fancy effect .'or .pring, also plain House in time for Christmas; consisting of wood serv- V^S^M^^^^^^^^ 93c P "* $ 7 - 50 ' 5
V blacks, half dozen $1.40, single pair . . . 25C ing trayi, fancy wood spice cabinets, sa't boxes and Colored Banquet" Ca'nd!es-R-g«arly a 4 c" dozen,' Monday .".'.'. _ - St. Estcphc Clarcl-Excc!.ent French tab T e wine,regu- X
J» Men's Undervcar— Medium weight in gray merino, vicuna knife and fork boxes. The trays are both rcund %nd oblong, highly . . . ': . . .-. - . . ..... ... . . . . . BoG larly case 1 2 qts.; $7.75, case 24 pts.; for the " %
V snd camel's hair, splendidly made garments, polished, and the cabinets will b- found -to be first class in ail particulars. SI.00 Salad or Berry Bowl— Rich'y drccrated fancy China, in g&*^ two days, qts. $5. SO, P^* $6.5O. "5
J* jastthsthingforthistimeofyear.pergarmentS/.OO B^ n^S oac .th\rd off regular price .,' for oample: /an iassortment. of color, ani thapes. special Monday. ;. ©3C ' * pi BfaA r/MK I
7. u • n 1-1 c i t- • 1 t j w*»»^v 7rcTravs fa- <7/)^» t\ -n Trav<'nr C# /in 20c Gear Glass Vase — 12 inches till, suitjbe tor Ion? st:m __ HOrtO HtCO UJtjarS ,%
g Mens Pore Wool Sweaters - knit very closely and warranted to 75* i«ys • • • OOC. Jl.50 Iray3ior_. .y/.OO nowcrs , , pe cal Monday .........:.... /^C The balance of the quarter million lor, cf these choice West India X
i' •^^2°* fcrf ;«»y.»^ U « k .»»» 8 »"4..^O-«|| f 1 ' 00^ 8 ° r -'.f;° JI.75 Tray, for. S/./7' 7 5c Per Pair W« F'^-Daintily decorated, 8 inches uU, Jl^ cigars, th:s we.k: 'J
g » h * e . "ch. . ......... . . . . . j S1.2; Trays for. . g^ C ?3.oo Trays lor . $1.33 - ,^01! Monday, pair . . . . ; ...... . . ... 43c »» f* 25© * &r 25O 7 fc' 25C jj
g Soiwo Latest Popular Fiction $t. 08 " Boys' Knee Pants Suits $3.95 T~ Youths' Long Pants Suit $10.00 |
i Publishers' Price here as cheap as anywhere in America: These are excellent sturdy. .wearing suits, the • coats cut Y °ung men's semi-drfess suits of black unfinished wor- :;
E Deliverance,- by Gia,^. } -Little River.,- by Henry Van Dyke. in the double-breastedsack style, withshawl-roll ?ted, double-brfeastedsack coats or Varsity cuts; also j
» "The Heart of Rome," by F. Marion Crmw- "A Forest Hearth," by Charl« Major. 11,,.. *V ¦'— : V • " i • j- ' - j j i-i ' u • ? j Dllie SergeS and OCOtCh tWeeOS, TOr ageS 14t0lV X
K .^r 11 t h w« » lo d l4Th: *«*»**'. & *¦••¦?• Fried: • collar; the matenals^re indigo-dyed blue cheviots and years; m - ad | b s y one of New Yo rk's best manufacturing- 5
I <>Z:\£YoJ t l Arcadv,- Th^on. «££& Cockatric," by Edr^e. . ser g es ' ever y thread and every stitch Q « tailors; perfectly cut and well finished: <& J#l f$fi 5
g| "The Siege of -Yocth," by France. Charles. "Hi, Daughter Finr," by Hardy." | Silk; SlZeS fpr ageS 9 tO lfSyearS . y; 1 . . :.*&*****+* greatVaUie at / 'i . . - ;.*?.*"?*"" $WASHINGTON,' Jan: 30.— Second
Lieutenant Frank Pratt, on duty at
Fort Wayne, Mich., has been detained
in this country after i having 1 ; been or
dered to the Philippines because of
more serious charges than those pre
ferred against him • in Manila, which
he was returning to face. He is
charged with gambling in. Manila and
with being short in; his accounts to
the amount of$7500.,He has explain
ed that the missing money was placed
in an envelope and lief fat' the place
where the mail was 'collected.
Second Lieutenant Pratt Accused of
/ Gambling in Manila and Mls
. - appropriating . Money.
ARMY OFFICER MUST .
- . FACE SERIOUS CHARGE
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— Funeral
services for Mrs. Charles W. Clark,
daughter-in-law of Senator W. A.
Clark, were held to-day at the home
of Senatpr Clark at 175 tWest Fifty
eighth street. ; The Rev. Dr. Ernest
Stires conducted: the services there
and in St. Thomas' Church afterward
and the body; was then taken to Wood
lawn Cemetery for interment. .
¦ ? ¦
Funeral of Mrs. Clark.
Mihvaukec Grafters Indicted.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Jan. 30. — The
Orand Jury which has been in session
for two months completed its term
to-night with the return of eleven ad
ditional indictments. With to-night's
list a total of fifty true bills were re
turned as a result of the Jury's labors.
Thos* indicted include Aldermen, ex-
Aldermen, Supervisors, ex-Supervis
orsors, a State Senator and some pri
vate citizens. The charges in the in
dictments - consist mainly of petty
grafting. ,,>./. '.
The United States buys from Cuba
three times as much as Cuba buys
from the United States.
Monterey Chamber of Commerce.
MONTEREY, Jan. 30. — Nearly 100
prominent residents of Monterey met
at the Old Capital Club. Wednesday
night and oreanized the Monterey
Chamber of Commerce, with General
William Quinton, U. S. A., retired, as
president; T. J. Field, E. A. Preble
and W. W. James, vice presidents; C.
R. Few, secretary; LY O. Dale, treas
urer, and the Hon. R. F. Johnson, C.
\V. Allen, M. V. McQuigg. L. D. Lacey,
J. P. Sargent. H. R» O'Bryan and A.
R. Underwood, directors.
It is estimated that there i are 1200
tunnels in the world, of, something like
a total of 600 miles.
OMAHA, Jan. 30.— After an absence
from Omaha for thirty-two years, while
his relatives "believed him dead, J. P.
Victor Ceedberg has been found at
Fresno, Cal. Ceedberg wrote to Chief
of Police Donahue for information
about the members of his scattered
family. This is the first word that had
been heard of him since the sensation
due to his mysterious disappearance in
1872. The communication does not give
a reason for the man's disappearance
nor his Ions silence. It merely says
that he has accumulated wealth and
wished to ascertain if any members of
his family are living.
- Only, the old settlers remember Ceed
berg. He was one of the business men
when Omaha was a village. He left his
dwelling on his way to work one morn
ing and was not seen in Omaha again.
Detectives spent months searching for
the man. No reason could be imagined
for his disappearance.
One of Ceedberg's sisters, Mrs. Anton
C. Althaus, is now In Portland, Or.,
with a son, Charles. Two of the Althaus
children are in this city. Ceedberg's
mother married O. P.' Anderson and
died at Deer Lodge, Mont., about six
months ago. His father has been dead
many years. Ceedberg told the Chief
that he hoped to find his parents living.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
BRAZIL'S PREFERENCE
FOR AMERICAN GOODS
Minister Thompson Secures Splen
did Rates on Many Leading
Staple Articles.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30. — Without
the sacrifice of a single duty on pro
ducts entering the United States and
in fact without any consideration at
all. Minister Thompson has secured
preferential rates on several lines of
staple American products imported
into Brazil. The details of the ar
rangements made public to-day are
that Brazil gives preferential rates to
the following products from the
United States: To flour, in barrels. 22
per cent; to flour in sacks, manufac
turers of rubber, still wines, paints
varnishes, condensed milk, clocks and
watches, 20 per cent.
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. 415 Post street. •
'Uses a File for Snlclde.
CALISTOGA. Jan. 30.— During a
fit of temporary insanity John Luvisi,
a well-known Italian of this place!
attempted suicide this morning by
thrusting a file into his left side above
the heart. He is not expected to live.
An f Omaha Man Who Disap
peared in 1872 Suddenly
Slakes Himself Known Again
KEEPS SECRET
MANY YEARS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30. — For the
first time in many years the Treasury
finds itself without any gold*;oin in its
vaults. It is explained that this con
dition is the result of an unprecedented
demand for gold certificates during the
time when the mints have been fully
employed in coining Philippine silver
and subsidiary silver for the United
States. The Increased demand for gold
certificates, which could only be is
sued for gold coin in the treasury,
came about through the needs of the
large banking institutions in the great
commercial centers which had large
amounts of notes of small denomina
tions on hand which they wished to
exchange for gold certificates of larger
denominations. The Secretary has
given instructions fon the mints at
Philadelphia and San Ifrancisco to be
gin the coinage of double eagles on
February. 1 and to work overtime un
til a sufficient supply has been coined
to meet all demands.
Unprecedented Condition Due to Great
Demand When Mints Have Been
Coining Philippine Money.
GOVERNMENT VAULTS
ARE WITHOUT GOLD
CHICAGO, Jan. 30. — One-lfalf a
million cartridges were exploded on
the lake front this afternoon in an
experiment undertaken by dealers in
ammunition to prove to the members
of- the Fire Department that such ar
ticles were not a source of danger
during a fire in the building in which
they are stored.
The cartridges exploded ,with con
siderable force, but beyond flinging
the metallic shells about 100 feet from
the fire, gave no evidence of destruc
tive power. The cartridges were in
boxes, which were piled'and a bonfire
made of the lot.
After the test the fire marshals who
witnessed it admitted that there seem
ed'to be no danger, but all of them
were of the opinion that no fireman
would enter a . place where such
threatening noises prevailed.
Their Stocks Da Not Endanger
Firemen.
Dealers in Ammunition Prove That
CARTRIDGES EXPLODED
BY FIRE ARE HARMLESS
The tragic termination of the prose
cution and career of Whitaker Wright
was made the text of moralizing in the
press and in Wall street circles, which
was not calculated to dissipate any
current doubts and suspicions of meth
ods of speculative leadership. An in
fluence of the same kind was exerted
by the action of the Stock Exchange
authorities in striking from the list of
securities quoted on the exchange
those of an industrial corporation.
The published details of the efforts
made to effect a compromise of the
embittered dispute of the parties to the
shipbuilding organization were of ad
ditional weight in the effect upon the
sentiment thus aroused. Reports of
net earnings of railroads, f or December
published during the week were not
calculated to foster a speculation for
the advance. Their Influence was un
derrated to a degree by. the inclusion
of the favorable Union Pacific state
ment and the coal carriers in returns.
But the Atchison statement, showing
the growth of operating expenses for
the first time overcoming the gain in
gross earnings, with a resulting decline
in net earnings, gave a strong impres
sion of similar forces at work In the
railroad field as a whole. A harden
ing market for time loans served as a
warning that the period of piling up
of cash reserves in the . New York
banks is coming to its. normal conclu
sion, promising a limit to the possi
bility of enormous loan expansion at
the rateiwhich has been in progress by
the- New* York .banks since. the begin
ning of the year. ~~
.The bond market has shown some
sympathy with the reactionary ten
dency of stocks and business has de
clined in volume. United States .twos
and old. fours have declined % and
the threes coupon have advanced Y*
per cent on call during the week.
WRIGHT'S DEATH DISCUSSED.
There has Been little evidence of any
genuine investment demand for se
curities or of any important liquida
tion. The highly professional charac
ter of the operations and the artificial
character of the advance have awak
ened a feeling of distrust and skepti
cism toward it from the first. The
movement has had to contend this
week with several positive reactionary
factors besides. That of the war un
certainty has been somewhat' in evi
dence, but is of questionable force. In
several days the stock market resisted
tlir-. influence of the war depression
on foreign exchanges and on days
when the decline was attributed norni
r.ally to the war scare the commodity
markets failed to' bear out this hy
pothesis, cotton continuing to advance
and grain holding back. Of much
greater influence was the decline in
confidence over the revival of the iron
and steel industry. This influence
was directly shown in the weakness of
the United States Steel securities, but
was of decisive effeot on general sen
timent. Consultations during the week
to bring about an agreement among
the Southern iron producers were re
ported to be futile, either for fixing
prices or making a plan for merging
the companies. Rumors were in per
sistent circulation during the week
ol 11 cut in steel rails, and some of
the important Western railroad inter
ests were outspoken in their dissatis
faction with the price scale on the
ground that they did not get in the
advantage of Eastern railroads from
the carrying of steel products as an
offset to the high price paid for rails.
The Iron Age was also frankly pes
simistic over the trade outlook. A re
action in the copper market was re
garded as of almost parallel signifi
cance in the iron trade and was of di
rect effect upon Amalgamated Copper,
in which an active speculation was in
progress. The events of the week had
the effect of reviving discussion on the
subject of methods of promotion and
organization of corporations and the
sent.'mental effect was not favorable to
the market.
The New York banks are putting
large funds into commercial paper
from interior points and large loans
have been made on sterling collateral,
so that the rapid growth of the loan
account is regarded as sound and
safe. But there is a growth of con
servatism in the feeling about extend
ing credits for speculative commit
ments in the stock market. It is point
ed out that the increase of banking
reserves last year came to a halt in
the last week of January, while the
loan expansion proceeded from that
time to February 21, to the extent of
1 70,000,000. From February 7 to
March 14 last year the New York
banks lost over $30,000,000 cash and
the surplus in the same time declined
527,213,800. These conditions and
precedents are a force in causing a
halt in the sneculative movement.
Foreign influences to-day were slight,
but were favorable to higher prices.
There has been a decided falling oft
in the activity of this week's stock
market and the animated operations
of a powerful organized party for the
advance have been somewhat less con
spicuous. Measures of support for
prices have not been altogether aban
doned and the pressure of * sales to
take profits has not been formidable.
The principal interest attaching to the
market has been in the effort to trace
the operations of the speculative lead
ers, with the purpose on the part of
the traders to follow their operations
or to meet tfiem as an available basis
for their own counter operations.
FEELING OF DISTRUST.
LOAX ACCOUNT SAFE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30. — Trading in
stocks was listless to-day and the
changes in prices were trivial. The
market moved hesitatingly through
out the session, but closed heavy at
practically the lowest. The early trad
ing showed a disposition to carry
prices upward in spite of the free sell
ing of United States Steel preferred
and discouraging opinions current
over the iron and steel outlook. Prices
gave way after the publication of the
bank statement. The items of depos
its reached a new record figure to-day
and loans and cash reserves' went
tibove last week's record figures. The
changes in the various items were not
fully up to last week's unprecedented
records, but the increase in • loans,
with last week's and one other ex
ception, has never before been equaled
and the increase in deposits never be
fore with last week's single excep
tion. The loan item of the clearing
house banks is now close to the bil
lion-dollar mark. The week's gain
in cash is considerably in excess of
the preliminary estimates, but was
not sufficient to make up the increas
ed reserve requirement from the enor
mous growth in deposits, so that the
surplus is slightly impaired.
Professional Character of Op
erations Awakens Spirit of
Distrust and Skepticism
FOKEIGX" EFFECTS SLIGHT
Feeling' of Conservatism Pre
vails iii Matter of Specula^
tion in the General Market
BANKERS FEAR
UNEASY STOCKS
THE §AN FRANCISCO; .XALTJ. SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1904.
26
To stop the Grip or Influenza,
to break up a Cold, to prevent
Pneumonia, perspiration must
ba induced.- The use of Dr.
Humphreys' "Seventy-seven"
with some form of gentle ex-
ercise, vvill bring the beads of
sweat to the brow and break
up the Co' d.
"77" cures Coughs, Grip,. In-
fluenza, Catarrh, Sore Throat
and Colds that hang on.
¦.-.. At^ Druggists. ,25'cenU, or mailed.'
1 Humphreys* ;Med. Co.,' Cor. William &" John
Streets, New York.^3ggttBB
% % Hyi And many other painful and serious
l^m I m I 13 ailnients from which most mothers
111 1 m mm Hi! suffer, can be avoided by the use of
Bgg^gp « wgj "Mother's FriSBi" 'This great remedy
s a sen d to women, carrj^ing
BUBinw a ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who uses ''Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
also healthy, strong and « -p. __ .-„^^ _^^
woman, and will be sent free in plain ||3 1|3| g SS i| g^
envelope by addressing application to ||j B^ & B| g g
Bradfietd Regulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. 9 wEBEai^^B
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Breaks up Grip and
\k9L uL JMy HB Mm jE9
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEilENTS.
ADVEBTISE2HENTS.
"advebtisements.
P will be offered in every de- I
fj partment. Winter must I
h Spring Goods are coming !!^^Pp^ @^ 1
| in now — room is valua- A*^^ 1
-j ble. Prices are marked lif^ 1
j I down until quick selling \ I
I Our entire lines of $20 and | \
[j $25.00 Suits, $13.75. I
\i Black Cheviot Suit?, blouse style, fancy trimmed with brtid and | j
[j bands of silk; full flare skirt. " 1
I 1 Fancy Mixed Tweed Suit — two styles to select from — one the 1 :
H jacket effect, the other thc blouse; tucked front* and back, with full I !
gj 7-^gore flare skirt; these suits regularly sold for $25. O# ? 7 ' tZ § |
It Special price •plO* i O
[j $10.00 Coats, $4.50. | !
I j Kersey CIoi"h Coat, tight fitted back; fancy trimmed with bands | j
l| of braid and large pearl button?; colors black, tan and QA EZfl P !
v| castor; regular value $10.00. Special price f j
h $6.00 WalKing SKirl, $3.95. 1 1
|j Fancy Mottled Walking Skirt, trimmed' with bands of the same Hi
I 1 material and tailor-stitched seams; desirable shades for q* j (\ jr H
H spring wear; excellent value at $6.00. Special price ipd»JsO y
h $3,00 Flzinncl Waist, $1.25. I
N All of our S.voo wool Waists in up-to-date styles; tucked front H
v\ and back, full pouch sleeves; colors black, red, blue and q»i C fn
M Kreen; regularly sold at S.voo. Special price «J>/.^t7 Kj
h $7.03 Silk Petticoat $4.95. I !
y Made of extra quafty taffeta silk; full flounce; trimmed with 3 H
h ruffles and has deep dust ruffle: colors black, navy, cardinal, green, u
j| gray. tan. pink, light blue; regularly $7.00 each. Special d»j QC (1
pj price •. *p*r»2?O g:
I $1.50 Black Broadcloth, 95c Yard. | ;
\\ All-wool, sponged and shrunk; width 52 inches; extra heavy &j '
|'j twilled back quality; EStin finish: in rich fast black and a few QG?,-. h!
M choice colorings; regular $1.50 quality.. Special price ZsOC gj '
h 50c BlacK Homcspvm Serge, 19c Yard. I
R An extra heavy weight, suitable for unlined walking skirts, cv- h I
g cling costumes, outing suits, etc: extra heavy quality; width 38 M
* ] inches; good yarn, dyed black; regularly 50c the yard. Spe- iQf K
M cial price ......: /^C g
[1 $1.00 Sunshine Alpacas, 49c Yard. 1
H A clean-up of our entire line, including a rich fast black and such pi j
B popular shades as garnets, reds, royal blues, golden browns, oyster m| '
|l grays, navys. etc: in widths of 46. 50 and 52 inches; extra heavy iron R !
H frame weave: silk sunshine finish; they are all 85c and $1.00 AQr> Bl
H qualities. Special price, yard "t"u |a
I 75c SilKs at 45c Yard. i
? This lot consists of ndds and ends of Fancy Silks for waists and &jj
P dresses; this includes laxe-striped on black ground,. hair-lined striped B
;¦ taffetas in dark green, navy, brown and black and white; Louisines H
| in grounds oi blue, dark green, wine, reseda and black with narrow h
j; white stripes; also white ground Louisine with' black and blue nar- F3
i row stripes and plain corded taffetas, .with corded stripe in brown, H
Ig navy and garnet; all very desirable and worth 75c and A(Zg~> H
H 85c a yard. Special price, yard. . . .' B
[] 85c BiacK Satin Brocade, 25c Yard. |
A ?oo yards black satin brocade; worth regularly 85c yard, p jr |p
H Special price, yard 4OL* ||
p » 50c Taffetas, 25c Yard. |
|{ 19-inch plain taffeta; in cardinal, blue, cerise, rose, pink y [? H
y and black: worth 50c yard. Special price £O\* nj
H 25c Initial HandKerchiefs, 12 l / 2 c Each. |!
N Pure linen hand-embroidered initialed handkerchiefs for ladies B j
M and gentlemen: all initials; sold regularly at 25c each. Spe- 1?\/ l| "•
M cial price, S. • • 1£l f2^ H j
J 50c /Neckwear, 10c Each. ||
u - This lot consists of odds and ends of silk embroidered turn- l»j ;
g overs, wash stacks, fancy silk stocks, silk ties, etc.; some are slijrhtlv H j
PJ soiled, others. are perfect; sold for 50c and others as high as Iflgn, B|
g $1 each regularl}'. Thc entire line will be cleaned up at, each... IUC fij j
I $L50 Kid Gloves, 95c Pair. |
p American Queen Kid Gloves — We fit jrour hand and guarantee |j •
ra every pair: regularly sold at $1.50 per pair. Special price, per q/- gl
g pair UPC B|
50c Linen Center Pieces, 25c Each. |
V- Brown linen center pieces; so much- used at the present time; R
\\ tinted, with beautiful border of wild roses all around, and requires H '
B very little work and silks to finish. One made up to copy *y j? H;
R from. Special price, each r . j£OC B
E $6.00 Arabian Curtains, $3.90 Eacb. |
U We have just purchased a big lot of Arabian Curtains in latest I]
11 effects: genuine cable net; worth regularly $6.00 pair. q*^ Qf\ B
|>* Special price, per pair *p*Jt ZrU g
K 30c French Cretonnes, 20c Yard. |
t>J The very newest effects in beautiful light backgrounds in n ~--\ M
l-j and conventional design?; regularly 30c yard. Special price o/j W;
g £UC Eg;
I ffj| "The Credit House" 233-235-237 Post St. Iff/ I
ifaF The Biggest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast L J L. f
• L This .week, we offer you prices-prices that will |
| 55c cause you to come in a hurry, if you caretosave money Taboorettes _ Jost thc |
• Tabourettes-wcathcrcd and to retain the highest quality as well. We have noth- thin? *» ;sman tea table «
I ing that is not standard, no matter what price we make. Iggiffi* * % |S
I f^p^t. SI8.Q5 $16.50 Couches-Special $10.(75. This W eek
% jW"fj « $150 00 Large Gondola Couch with lonp: Rococo scroll. oak p in . \
9 tW; §^"5^!=-^J&3f/ \ Z., ' finished in elegantly patterned, heavy velour. The springs i s hed in f~*< :ees ~~~ \^<' J*gJ£BP
© {jffljjfr '%££Q^^?¥5fg£& ' I hlS and the frame are made to last, and the upholstering is a golden 1 ' ' " m^~f\^ o
© p|E|i L v'!f * < ?t^£ ': nnfl j n guarantee of comfort. O ak or A fl[__^> \X ' \\ fl j>
S B^^^^^g'i Golden Oak only. Plate *h- -- ¦- > % f p^|f| o s °^ ll^^^^^wM- •
S f mirror, brass trimmed. \M $/0^?J^'i \ Smfort- ' Iff \J$f »1 Jg S
S " in ..' i - 1. -.'.-¦..^¦___ - i^S^^^ ¦ "' ¦ "-j^ *iz=3i? ' ° a ' r ' v o
S A Mission Seat that will last and give comfort to two A graceful Buffet with mirror- l'i —^=aa=^t [_ — f ?3 9
© generations. It is the true Mission style. Heavy solid finished wood. Made of full- — -2C — ~ — *-— •JJp* a
A oak weathered finish, bolted frame, and with thick quartered, golden, wavy-grained _- c.*it,i -.,¦ ®
S kathercushTons of great softness. Se'c it; it is worth oak, and all hand-carved. Regular •
O your while. Regular $IOO. nr "'e $45.00. $6.00. Regular 5S.50. Separately if desired.
g" CARPETS H STOVE DEPARTMENT DRAPERIES S
5 jLmL_iafl3aia»--_ ' •
• RUCS. (^^^^^^g-., While we are introducing LACE CURTAINS, o
S _. , . . *. . . *%I|^Wm^' the Biggest Stove Depart- * o
t Smyrna ru^ 6otTo7vllte?ns • lUm merit in the West « we are of " $3 - 5 ° Arabian? ' ecr^ and §
• Y?uVcho^ f q4r «^^K,^ fering this week a $30.00 Im- white, per pair $|.75. §
S c . .. . , . , "M^gt^^ perial Cast Range for $18.75 . o
1 rooTZj^eo 'inch fO s m b yr: '^^^^^^^ w ™ h^\ shc{f ait * ch^ w ? $5.50 and $6.50 Corded |
2 nis eooq 'want you to see a department . r^., np r n ui \ i§
S . *i;i I h ¦ __^^^^^ with hundreds of stoves on r™" S 'J ?^ le net and |
O Axminsters, 27x63 inches. Far {^^^^m^^&mrm dKnlav Wp rarrv nKn M DentlIe effects; per pair, O
• India, Daghestan, Shirvan and display. We carry alSO, at g^ -^ o
2 Afghan designs. 300 patterns. TM^^m prices ranging from $29 to v^-'«J- g
2 Your choice $2.25 $l50 ' " THE FAM0US Q UICK - §
2 Brussels, 9x12 feet. Big en- J^§g2^^P|i MEAL STEEL RANGE," whose Great reductions in all §
S ough to cover a whole room. This jST^ai« 7R fk Quality remains long after Drapery lines. Visit the©
• week $13.50 flrfg^$loUJ a^ the price Is forgotten. Department this week. %
2coooc®oftQeeQOGoeeoo»OQ»aeooe»»0€>ceooeeoo9QseceoocQeecQooooooQCoeeooocoast?oooooooQQo®o»QQQS
H .rf^^^^^i^^^V A MILLI ON HArt'Y AMERICAN pi
II Jf&$B& CHILDREN are kept healthy -with H
H f JK3#£&& ' P^^_l— IB^. CASCARETS Candy Cathartic. Good U
M % words spoken by their caaas for K
H Ye&pt£vriiS lLlr*^§l "^»4 CASCARETS to other mamas have n
H l^r\2^ V By made CASCARETS successful until H
M '¦'^^ m **. the sale now la OVER A MILLION §i
i^Hi >•**& Y \P&^& BOXES A MONTH. V7h7 do little E
WE88&& 1 — .Jl > 5 *~* > r R^^ fl foIks like CASCARETS7 Becau3e F]
id |m§|k! Jb * •— ¦^^¦aCV Jrvs n\ » oood— never grip nor arlpe. but act p|
!i iS^P^S^HL^ 5^^?^ 4s£^iV a oently. naturally, positively. Medl- Rl
s| S y«*aag^ perfect home medicine, ask d
& ¦ y^^-s iOT tbem and are k ept healthy al- W
13 ., / u^\ w«iy3 and safe aoalnst tbe dangers if
% /^ffiL /* S of childhood's ailments. Best fcr Ij
9 / I the Bowels. All druggists, 10c. 25c, El
I I @«j BL^~7\\ 50c - Never BOld bulk. Genuine f j
a yXsSS^yT y&C \) tablet stamped CCC. Sample and I!
II \ *il I booklet free. Address t ]
f| W. . ' iV^V / / STERLING REMEDY CO r\
a "They make jm* ISS^SlI / " Chicago or New York. EJ
I D7T CATHARTIC
I AMNUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES-
|^ , Greatest in the World ' m.Mission Turners' Masquerade.
The annual masquerade ball of th«s
Mission Turn Vereln attracted
a large crowd to the Mission Turner
Hall last night. Dancing was In order
till an early hour.
Claims He Was Swindled.
Thomas E. Conlan. 140 Twenty
third avenue, secured a warrant from
Police Judge ( .baniss yesterday for
the arrest of. E. S. Strasburg on a
charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses. Conlan said he paid Stra
burg $150 on January 22 on Straa
burg's representation that he was the
proprietor of the World Advertising
imity to this beautiful lake and arq
now offering them for sale in subdi
visions.
Company and on that day he ha<l
eleven applications on hand, which
would net him $132; als:> that he had
certain fixtures machinery and op
erating utensils of the value of
$279 75. all of which Conlan alleged
was untrue.
where it will conduct a general city
ana country real estate brokerage busi
ness and Invest Its own funds in city
property. , It will also make a specialty
¦of securing choice realty for ipvestors,
resident and non-resident.
No Improvements lij the park of re
cent date have attracted so many vis
itors as the -'Spreckels Lake," so re
cently constructed opposite D street
and Thirty-seventh avenue, and as a
natural consequence such j attractions
causo ademand for property adjoining.
Sol Getz & Son have Just purchased
several pieces of property In close prox-
ductlve territory. The extensive im
provements of the Diamond Match
Company, comprising the erection of
about a dozen buildings for their pur
poses, making: an investment of over
$1,000,000, a railway to the lumber
district about thirty miles away and
the construction of a local and sub
urban railway are aiding materially in
developing Chico and vicinity. A spe
cial excursion train will leave San
Francisco Sunday night, 21,
returning to the city Tuesday morning
at '8 o'clock, taking advantage of the
holiday— Washington's Birthday, Feb
ruary 22. The sale will be held in
Chico. The fare for the round trip
has been placed at the low rate of
$5 40. -
Mrs. Alvinza Hay ward - has In
structed Baldwin & Howell to sell the
vacant portion of the. block owned by
her," bounded by Larkin and Polk
streets, Fulton street and Ash v avenue,
which consists of the entire block ex
cept that jportion occupied by the
Strathmore apartment^riouse.' The
property will be sold at public auction
on February 11, 1904, on terms of 40
per cent cash and the balance in one
and two years. The land- has been
subdivided into ten lots, six of which
have a frontage on Fulton street of
2~iVz feet with a depth of 120 feet, ex
tending through to Ash" avenue, and
the other four lota front on Polk street
and are 30x100 feet in'size.
The property'is within 150 feet of
the City Hall and diagonally opposite
the block of ground which the city
purposes to purchase for the construc
tion of a public library and which was
included in the proposed bond issue
which was authorized last fall. It is
also immediately opposite the lot pur
chased a short while ago by Archr
bishop Riordan for the Catholic Li
brary. In the locality there are prac
tically no vacant lots.* Mrs. Hayward
has concluded to. sell the property
after an ownership of nearly thirty
years. It has never been offered for
sale "before and would , not be placed
on the market now except for the fact
that Mrs. Hayward has . recently in
vested a large amount of money in the
East.
The following sales are reported by
Oscar Heyman:
Cottage and lot on the east side of Shotwell
rtreet. 150 feet north of Eighteenth, to J.
Sehwartzfeldt, for $3750; a cot,tate* on the
south side of Day .street. 76 feet east of Noe.
for ?2950, to B. Neville:" a cottare on the,
south side of Alvnrado street, 101 feet west of
Sanchez, to H. Simmon, for $3500;. a cottaRe
on Folsom street, near Twnty-slxth, for $2500;
lot on the weM aide of Eltnlra street. 75 feet
north of. Augusta, for, $250: lot 23x114 feet on
the corner of Tremont and Ashbury streets,;
for $800; two lots on Hopkins street, near Cor
bett avenue, t or : SSOO. and two lots In block
J55 of the University Homestead for $1000.'
Ha Is building cottages on Day, Noe and Bur
rows streets and on the San Bruno road.
A. B. Hammond will erect a brick
residence on' the old Flourney' lot on
the north line of Broadway, between
Webster and Flllmore streets, to cost
$70,000.
Mrs. Virginia A.' Smith will build a
115,000 residence on the north ljne. of
JVallejo street, between Broderlck 'and
Baker. ',*, . « . - ,
The Real Estate Security Company
will move into its permanent quarters
at • 139 Montgomery street ' to-morrow.
, There have been some large sales of
local realty during the week that has
just closed, but the bulk of the transac
tions consisted of deals In medium
priced and smaller . properties. Among
the larger deals is one put through by
Bovee, Toy & Co. in which the consid
eration was $12,000. The property Is on
the south line of Turk street, 1S3:4 feet
west of Hyde, 137:6x67 feet, improved
by old buildings that bring in about
$100 a month rental.
Another of the larger deals was car
ried through by Benjamin M. Gunn &
Co. In this David F. Walker of New-
York sells the southeast *rbrner of
Montgomery and Clay streets for $75,
000. The lot is 50x59:6 feet. On it are
improvements consisting of a four
story brick building that rents under
lease for $450 a month for three years
and for $L00 a month for two years ad
ditional. The purchasers of this prop
erty are Scatena & Giannini. ,
F. B. Surrhyne managed the deal for
the sale of the northeast corner of
O'Farrell and Laguna streets, 30x70
feet, with five new flats, which were
sold by William Wolf to a client of
Surrhyne's for $24,000.
Marion Leventritt has sold the Carl
ton Hotel property, on the west line of
Taylor street, 137:6 feet south of Sutter,
to A. Elsenberg. The price is not made
public. ,
Louis Frledlander is engaged in nego
tiations for the transfer of the Berk
shire Hotel, on the west line of Jones
street, to William Wolf for $92,500, the
deal being an exchange for the north
west corner of- .Van .Ness and Golden
C^ate avenues, at a valuation of $67,500,
and other properties in the Western
Addition and also some cash. The hotel
was sold to Friedlander some months
ago by Emily B. Hopkins for $85,000.
Sonntag Brothers report sales aggre
gating $62,&00. Among the properties
sold by this firm are the following:
Southwest corner of Oak ftreet and Central
avenue, 66x110 feet, for $9500. to be covered
by twelve flats; 25x100 feet, and three flats on
the north side of Page street, 81 feet east of
Clayton, for $10.50O: 25x100 feet, and two flats
on the east line of Uroderick street, SO feet
south of Eddy, for $5750; 25x100 feet, and
l>ree flats on the south Fide of Oak street,
T,l feet west or Shrader. for jlO.GOo; 24:10x
i:i":6, and three flats on the south line "of
I Hayes street. 1(55 feet west of Webster, for
I $13,500; 4<>x75 feet, and a two-story dwelling
on the southwest corner of Franklin and Lo
cust street", for $11,000: •JTti'ucKio feet on the
east side of Pteincr street. i»5 feet south of
I Fell, for $3700; 2">xll7:G on the eact line of
] Dolores street, 13*1 feet north of Twenty-third.
for $2000; 25x<K) tfci. and cottage on the south
side of Austin street. 9*J feet east of Franklin,
fr>r $2000: LTixllo feet on f=outh Fide of Henry
street, 2S0 feet west of Sanchez, for $1675;
2.'ixll7:« €jn the east line of Dolores* street. Ill
j feet north of Twenty-third, for $17O<>:
.MANY LOTS AND HOUSES.
The following sales are reported by
{ Baldwin & Howell:
Lot and improvements on the eart line of
I Fillmore Ftreet. 112:<5 north of' McAllister,
I 2.*>xU4. for Alexander Irvine, by A. J. Pon.
j the imr>ro\c>inents renting for $tt a month.
I for $9000; lut and improvements on the south
side of I'aciflc ctreet. 114 east of Taylor. 21xS0,
bnusht by F. Romano from A. J. Pon, the
improvements renting for ?2S a month, for
$:>.'><«>: lot and Improvements on the south ride
of California street, 114 :« west of Larkin.
2.'{x^<». the improvements rfntinir for $5O a
month. tK>ueht by J. R. Cooke from I. Lip
man for S02.V>; lot and improvements on the
west ride of'Hwrtford street, 12S:0 north of
Kichtppnth. 25x125. the building rrntlne for
I $2.1 a month, sold for P. II. Anderson to Mrs.
j E. M. CyruK for S3»i00; let and improvements
I on the southeast side of Minna street, 137:6
I northeast of Third. 17:i!xS<>. the improvements
j renting for $.'.O a month. ?oM by Anna Affolter
to Caroline I>reyfuss for $5125: lot and im
; provements on the west line of Cherry street,
102:8)4 north of Sacramento. 25x115:6, the
Improvements renting for ?t!2 r>0 a month, sold
! by P. A. Peshon to Nellie Poole for $(>7<>o;
I lot anl improvement g on the nonhea** line cf
I Harriet street, 75 southeast of Bryant, 23x75,
• with three tenements, sold by Mm. E. S.
Briscoe to R. C- Cottlnsrham for *.W»O: lot
on the west Fide of Whitney Ftreet, 150 south
of Th}rtl»th. 60x123, sold I>y George O. Wilson
I and N. J. Wilson to Leonard Haas for f2u50;
j lot on the north line of Crescent avenue. 150
j east of IQsBtoa, 50x100. estate of Mary Keane
j to F. H. Creese for $1500; northeast corner
j of Fell and Brodprick streets^ 25x104:3, ' for
1 *3.ViO; lot on the south side of Sacramento
I street. 37:6 east of Spruce. 25x107:7^4. sold
! by Mr*. K. Welty to Mrs. T. CasselH for
; $2050; lot at the northwest corner of Sanchez
j and Kl'zabeth streets, 2ii:6xl00, sold by T.
.?. AuyJnder to Otto Koch for $1750; lot on
the pouth side of Fulton street, 10<3 :."* west of
Phrader. 75x137:0. L. Jacobl to Robert Lorentz
( for $C2i>0
In the Sunspt and Richmond districts: Lot
Seventeenth avenue. 60x100. A. Meyer to Jane
McCarthy, $2500; lot on the south side of
H street. 50 feet fast of Twenty-first ave
nue. 30x100, A. Meyer to P. V. Culp. $1500;
lot on the s<?uth side of H street, 57:6 east
of Eighteenth avenue, 50x100. A. Meyer to
Kmma Winter. $2.'.O0; lot on' the south side
of II street. 1O7.6 feet fast of KlRhteenth ave
nue. 25x100. A. Meyer to Clarke Knor $12r.O;
lot on the north line of I street 50 fe<n *>ast
of Ninth avenue. 20x100. Mrs. E. Roberts
to George Kammerer. $S0O; lot on the wept
lire of Twenty-firm avenue. 100 fe<?t south
of H street, 25x120, A. Meytr to Joseph Con
wey. $925: lot on wrst line of Twenty-first
avenue. 125 feet *snuth of II street 25x120
A. Meyer to Elizabeth Tassell. $325; lot on
the wert line of Twenty- first avenue 150
fM-t south of H street, 23x120. A. Meyer to
Margaret Conwey. ff»25; lot on the south side
of II street. 57:6 feet eaet of Twentieth ave
nuo 25x100. A. Meyer to Elizabeth Orant,
$1250.
In addition to the fifty- nine lot* sold at
auction in Parnassus Heights by Baldwin &
Howell on January 21. the following lots
have been sold: A. Meyer to .lamps \_,. Day.
east line of Sixth avenue. 35 feet south of
Huro street. 20xflr>. $1390; lot on the west
*ide of Fifth avenue. 35 feet north of I Ftreet,
25x95. $i:»0; J. F. Burgin to C. M. Mann,
lot on the west line of Fifth avenue. 95 feet
south of H street, 50x120, $2S00; L. Lipman
to Joseph L. Dlxon. lot on the west side
of Fifth avenue. S3 fpet south of Hugo
street 25x05 $1400: Jacob Weispbeln to A.
M Whittle, lot on the east line of Fifth
avenue, CO feet south of Hugo street. 25x95,
$1250 and William Koenig to Fanny Tiernan,
north wc-Ft corner of • Hugo street and Fifth
avrnue. 5Cxt!5 feet, for $37.10.
McAfee Brothers report a very active
demand for lots in the block which they
have recently put on the market bound
t-d by Frederick, Willard and Carl
streets and fronting on Golden Gate
Park. They have sold during the last
week five lots in this block. William A.
Lange, the owner, is erecting seven
colonial flats -on Willard street, and
several of the buyers are putting up
buildings. Altogether in this block there
are now in course' of erection six build
ings, and two more will be started In
the next few days. McAfee Brothers
also report the following other sales:
Lot on the west sid" of Fourteenth avenue,
?.V> foot north of Clement street. 25x120, to
Edward Carvill. tor $1000; from the Chambers
estate to John G. Cook, lot on the south side
of M'lAlliirter *t*eet. l«8:t> east of Dsvisadero,
27:(ixl37:tS, for $3500; Iqt on the north Bide of
Vallejo Btreet. from the fame owners to a
private buyer, lot 63:114x137:6, for $14,000;
from William A. Lange to William Smith, lot
on the wtst line of Sixth avenue, 475 feet
north of Lake street. 33x120 feet, for $2200;
two flats on the we«t line of Wlllard -street,
100 *«et Bouth of Frederick, 28x100, from same
owner to M. E. Meyers, for $7250; from Cham
bers estate to Mary W. Busteed. lot on the
?with ride cf McAllister street; 141:3 east of
Divisadrro. 27:6x137:6 feet, for $3o00; to Sam
uel Cjlaps, two lots on the south line of Fred
erick ctrett. 110 feet west of Wlllard. 60x
137:0 ft-et: $^£>oo.
GENERAL ACTIVITY SHOWN.
A lot, 30x100 feet, on the northwest
corner of Page and Webster streets has
been sold by R. D. Cranston & Sons for
Mrs. Flora Jones. The purchaser,
Charles Flopdbere, plans to erect mod
ern Improvements on the lot at once at
a cost of about $17,000.
The same firm has consummated the
following sales In the past few days: •
Two flati. &27-P29 Page street, 100 feet we»t
of Webster, and lot 23x137 :C for Julia B.
Cloak and Emma H. Ruddlck .to Thomas
Flaherty; lot on the west »lde of Steiner street.
100 feet north of Sutter. 25x110, and two flats
tberqpa for Ferdinand H. Kggors to Mrs. Eu-
gene T. Merrill; four flats on the southerly line
of Thirteenth street, distant from Folsom
street 100 feet, for J. T. and Thomas Quigley
t» F. R. Liewald ot Santa Cruz, lot 25x117;
dwelling house and two fiats on the south Bide
of Fell street. 55 feet west of Buchanan, for
Henry Becker to John and Annie Burke, lot
27:0x120, and havlnic a frontage on Hickory
avenue; lot on the westerly line of Masonic
avenue, 62:0 feet south of Haight street, 50x
UK) for S. A. Born to J. B. Curtis; lot on the"
northerly line of Frederick street. 75 east of
Cole, 25x110 for William W. McGowan to Mrs.
Mary Freel.
Thomas Magce & Sons have made the
following sales:''
For Miss M. J. Armstrong, her property,
2012 Broadway, being on the north side, 137:8
feet west of Laguna street, thence west 32:«J
feet front by a uniform depth northerly of
137:6 feet, for $12,750; for $»000. the southeast
corner of Polk street and Pacific avenue,
fronting SO feet on Pacific avenue by 60 feet
on Polk street; for $1575, the southeast corner
of Rlchland avenue and Mission street, front
ing 25 feet on Miasion street by • 100 feet on
Richland avenue; to L. R. Fulda. the lot on
the west line of C street, 43 feet front by 240
feet deep, running through to Forty-sixth ave
nue, for $700; to Nils and Marie Jensen for
$5T>0, the lot on the south line of West Park
street. 275 feet west of Mission, 25 feet front
by 100 feet deep; to Mrs. Mariana Lange, the
lot on the north line of West Park street, 300
feet west of Mission, 25 feet front by 100 feet,
for $525; to Peter and Johanna (Jensen for
$550, lot on the south line of Richland avenue.
<!50 fee* east of Mission street, east 25 feet
front by 3outh 100 feet deep.
The following sales are reported by
Easton, Eldridge & Co.:
For the Brotchlo estate to Johanna A. Jack
son, lot and improvements on westerly line
of Noe street, 75 feet south of Eighteenth. Im
provements two flats known as Nof. MO and
512 Noe street and lot 25 by 75 feet, for $5300;
for Emily MeCaffery to O. M. Colburn. lot and
Improvements on south line of- Twentieth
street, 130 feet east of Dolores, eight-room
residence, for $2450; for Thomas Butcher to
Colin Mclntosh, northwest corner of Twentieth
and Hartford streets, lot 25xS2:G feet, modern
cottage, ror $5000; for William Bacome to
John Coffey, lot and Improvements on the south
east line of Tehama street, 237 feet northeast of
Fourth. 25x75 feet. So. 259, tenement flats,
for '$3350; for Charles Gallagher to Leo and
May lsraelfky, lot on east line of Xoe street,
2S feet south of Ford. 25 by 120 feet, for $1HOO;
for A. • M. Scott to Patrick Fltzpatrick of San
Jose, north line of Twentieth street, -25 feet
west of Hartfort], No. 4160, lot 25x82:6. for
$2825; for Mary Reynolds to a client, lot and
improvements on southwest line of (Howard
street, 255 feet west of First. 25x$5 feet, old
improvements, for $9750; for Louisa Mertens
to Delia Dujikel Sager, lot and Improvements
on Alaska street, off Mission, No. 2» Alaska
street, 21:10x58 feet, old improvements, for
?17CO; for M. E. Flaherty to J. W. McCarthy,
lot anil Improvements on west line of Ala
bama street, 215 feet south of Twenty-flfth,
25*100 feet, for $2500; for Thomas Clark to
N. A. Gosliner, lot and Improvements-on south
line of Minna street, 177 :»5 feet west of Rubs,
25xS0 ftet. for $4750: for George \V. Forsythe
to A. C. Heed*, lot and Improvements on east
line of Cole street. 139 feet north of Frederick,
lot 25x125, Improvements cottage, for $4700: for
Anna Wilson to John J. Gallagher, block 1257.
bounued ly Seventeenth and Eighteenth ave
nues and W and X streets; for J. S. Purcell
to J. lloumas. southeast line of Folsom ave
nue, 2.">O feet south of Folscm street, 25xC!:C
feet, for ?2530. The sale of the Gosllnsky es
tate to William Wolf being confirmed by^idge
Troutt was finally closed for the properly on
the north side of Pest street, between Van
Ness avenue and Franklin street. 50x137:6 feet,
with the old-time residence, thereon, for $10,
000.
Sol Getz & Son have made the fol
lowing sales:^
Lot 37:6x100. on the southeast corner of
Forty-eighty avenue and L. street, to C A.
Lee: lot 25x120, on the west line of FoFty
eighth avenue, 437:6 feet north of, M street,
to T. B.T.r.ey: lot 25x100. on the southeast line
of Madrid street, 225 feet southwest* of Brazil
avenue, to Emma E. Klein; lot WtaclOO, on the
north line r.f I street, '107 :(5 feet east, of Forty-,
seventh avenue, to J. T. Cramer; lot 50x120, nn
the west Jine • of Forty-seventh avenue, 150
feet »outh*of-H street, to F. H. Irvine; lot
125x120. on the easterly.- One of Fortieth av*i
nue. 100 feet south of V street, to. M. F. Peck;
lot 25x120. on the east . line of Eighth avenue/
197 • feet I north of D street, to- J. A. Mogan. .
, Speck. & Co. have leased for Charles
Schlesinger the two upper, floors of the
building at 110 Turk street to the Wait
ers' Union, Local No. 30, for ten years
for the gross rental of $22,050.
THE AUCTION" BLOCK.
At an auction sale to be held by G.
H. Umbsen & Co. at their salesroom at
20 Montgomery street on i February 15
the following properties will be offered:
Lots and buildings at 1100 Mission street,
near Seventh, and the northwest corner of
GougK and Grove streets. 27:6x68:9, with old
Improvements, belonging to the estate of J. E.
Ijowney; the premises at 770 O'Farrell street,
bPlnnBlnf?- to the estate of B. Morris; the north
west corner of Sanchez' and Duncan streets,
80x114 feet, unimproved, at referee sale; the
properties at 3929 Eighteenth street, at "28C2
and 2i>W Twenty-second street, at .'{ Olive
court, on* I T nlon street, between Laguna and
Buchanan streets, the flats at -'£'.'¦>, 2211 and
2241 14 Butter street, two lots on the north
line of Twenty.-seventh street, between Church
and Sanchez, and three lots on the south line
ol Oak street, near the park panhandle, with
a-numbf-r of lots in the Ban Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association to Close an
ettate.
Kaston, Kldridge & Co. announce an
excursion auction sale to take place
in the city of Chico on Monday. Feb
ruary 22, with a. public offering of the
Hurnboldt Addition, lying immediately
adjaceat to the city of Chico on the
east. Great improvements have been
made in this part of the State. Chico
is coming to the front as a most im
portant center and distributing point
for a large area of wonderfully pro-
While Purchasers rind a Scarcity of Big
Holdings Offered in the Open Market,
Their Faith in Realty Enlivens Business
SALES OF SMALLER PROPERTIES
ARE BECOMING VERY NUMEROUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY. JANUARY 31, 1904.
27
«»11i1%^Ua r^Hvl ll&Yvllbyi Y vlvttl Ullvv vttlv
Stock taking has just been fin- • ' Valentines at Special Prices.
i ished and- we find our depart- JM « :
ments with hundreds of gar- J^ w^^ a. j±j a >. jk jlI/ I 3 tor '"**' anti "P wafcl ~"^" alentine *
ments and pieces of eoods that es- dm \'M t^^^ "^m m^'tff^? Da> ' S ° nl " V tW ° W ° C - kS aW f y C
S&nSSr^ \M> r -- ' -^-^ ' r, e «y o^ prices and designs.
T t V\™ '^"'n^Li phSs SJ 1 AtWAYSfRELIABLE ' Calendars.
arc unusually low even for this store -ff^ClQ 1ORA11]TATkTr'C* r r CT at 1 ° C eacl1 — 19 ° 4 calendar?, reduced
of great bargains. . 14OO L& O \3 iyjLAxvl\JCi X iJ I.JONES from IOc « 35c and 50c.
Women's New Spring Shirt Waists If / r^rr\ fafants> and Chfldren's Hosiery and
andStUI Some Great Bargains in Off /^Off : Underwear That> Have Never
Winter Suiis and Skirts. I —1 L I Been Uwer
THE first lot of our new spring shirt waists has -^ /t • jr%«a» -_ .'• '¦
arrived and we will make the first showing of ft£ fifi?^ 1 RTC T department will be given over to the chil-
them to-morrow. They are far superior to those Ja^V»wI&aS a C311 1 t»d V<r £lJa\^ J[ dren's wants to-morrow and every line has been
worn last year both in designs and materials. We have • • taken and marked with unusual care to give our
not our complete stock by., any means, but this ad- <^ jp\ ¦ customers the very best values that a consistent profit
vance lot consists of unusually good values, and you and LPf^ft^^ VfiOOCl^ wil1 P ermit -
will not miss anything" by inspecting them..- *^« r^^^»w INFANTS' WEAR.
There are still a great many fine winter suits and uncrruv t« - «»:- i~t~~*~' ua ~i, .. i, ......
showing of thisseasL's waL; all. Vto^-date styles; U the^re^ 1 t fK^^cP^ of stripe flannelette;
vi??n^ effect- toW' h rga h«\Jf r !lW ZX.7 <rnZ remnants .accruing, from a tremendous front and sleeves are faced with plain flannel to match.
f^wtfnttr nr.tn iA *h "^ iJE a *** of staple silks and black and col- Considered a frne garment at 35c
and backs, others prettily inserted and embroidered . j. m , - nn j, Thp Ipnirth.; arp - run n«irw« wttap
and still other stvles of strictlv tailored effects. .', ? T ™ d " s / f°° t^ v i?L Ie "^ - tn f^ CHILDREN'S WEAR.
SUITS — 9 J).O5, -9 14.05 «17.45 and *21.95— from , one t to tcn >ards ai ? d n th 5 SKIRTS— 30o each— Misses' fancy flannelette un-
Gives "you your choice of several hundred suits;.rhade "oSre'd^a^uT^au dTsok's fancy derskirts; washable and very full; flounce bottom, fin-
of all the newest materials; nlain and mixed colors ?J Ijilc !nrf %S»fn P lfnJ \fflrtl ished Wlth f?ncy scallo P stitching; sizes 2 to 8. A reg-
and blacks: broken line of sizes. ' waist Sllks and plam e^ eni "g g»gcts. ular 6gc skirt
Remnant Sale and Remark* |«'WMiiWM«iMiM«H»iiiHi^^ Women's Fancy Goods of
able Values in Domestics. 1 ***F*nw** I AM ** * Gf6at Sflving
WE have -Over nine hundred | A vW Avl | departments have been chosen
remnants of bleached and tin- Q . i — g and made into a great special
bleached table linens, napkins, H .. . fl s a i e . Here will be found everything
toweling and sheetings., Some of H "8 that women require to complete their
these remnants are slightly soiled H jkjr • • *o^ ¦ $ dress
from display in the windows and in | IViOI^ClOy £II\<I 1 lICSQaV. H HANDKERCHIEFS- 1« -'-3c
handling them over the counters. |j ¦ " ' " H each— About 200 dozen pure linen
We have made enormous reductions H . . . 0 handkerchiefs with lace and embroid-
and to-morrow morning' you will have H . • || ered edges; also sheer lawn and fine
y0 Tow^T°S po - r >- u " lty to u scc A ure them- I Double Green Trading Stamps Will Be Given | cambric with scalloped edges and lace
.TOWliLb — -o»c each — An extra H ~ r ;,;.".v J ] effects. These are our regular 35c
large size bleached damask German 1 EverV Purchase Made On B handkerchiefs. 1 dozen — $-.OO. \
linen towel. Sold regularly at $4.00 a I VTiui.&vciy rmwnzv IIUW wu H STOCK COLLARS-lOc each-
dozen. Special this week. H These TWO DaVS. If Satin stock collars in white and black.
-."><• each— Heavy unbleached bath I U Sell regularly at 25c each,
towels; size 27 by 54 inches. Worth I _ m^^^^ mM^ m^ m^^ m E TOP COLLARS— Oc each— To
$305 a dozen. % a clean up our stock we have marked all
.0™ ™£ A oi E a S 7ood Po^FaU.oTakeAdvan.ag.ofTh'sEx.roShoppbglnduc.n,^ | gfllgf^ C °" a "
dressed muslin, 45 by 36 inches. Regu- I - • , I NECK RUFFS— i?l.^O each— Lib-
lar me value.- ? 1 ( ; ; I H erty silk neck ruffs with full neck
BED SHEETS— 4J>c each— Made g NOTICE TO CUSTOMERS. ' g parts edged with narrow ruching; long
of an extra fine grade linen finish, gj Customers desiring to be notified of special stamp and H pleated ends; black only. A regular
fully bleached; .suitable for double || bargain days will kindly send their names and addresses to n $2.50 value.
bed. Worth 60c. " | the Advertising Department. We will take pleasure in keep- | PLEATED LIBERTY SILKS-
BLANKETS — a pair— H ing you in'touch with all our great sales. B 42c a j-ard— Knife-pleated liberty
-•Double bed blankets of the finest Aus- H 1 . ¦ — - B silks or crystal velours; 20 inches
tralian wool: extj-a heavy and large. H ' ¦ -B wide; comes in black, cream and
Sells regularly at $11 a pair. . >Mtiti'ilffWiHlUI»B>inrtMiiYiniriiii<ra'll l fMUillHil^Uitm tSMBBBBtSSSSWBBSBSBSSSSf w hite^^ •
Men's Trousers Special. Shoes for All. Clothing for Boys.
E VFRV1 - ', ; i> t . , . , A LL these shoes are new ones A VARIETY of garments and prices are included
\nd mlXd^prilyf" |^1| A T^v^llSi^l A " "* arran8edf ° r W ,
?l.(>O_Heavy weight stripe working pants; sewed MEN'S-^r,o Strong box calf Tom"
with heavy linen thread. Very serviceable. " or via kid shoes; lace, heavy extension L" r « ana 1 rca. iocm >
*1.4B_Neat patterns^ in fancy stripe -worsteds and Xlt walk pants suitlf double or single breasted
cassimeres; cut and made in first-class style. . . in^g,"f- vidfe !^m| malt cM coats"; all new patterns and the latest designs; ages 12
*1.0o-Extra b.g values in fancy worsteds and Red- £J heavy extensTo^ Toles, pat to 19 years. Regular, $0.00 and $.o.oo values.
: ding cassimeres; a big. variety of colors to select from. tips f and military heels. 94.()O-Three piece knee pants suits; reduced from
fe^v*lw?^'"-^S" • }?:J.<M>— Fine dress shoe; patent $6.00 and $6.50. *; t
l?- 40 - Extra heavy-weight worsteds; all silk sewed; co ltskin vamp, French heels, glazed J?t.00 {o ?2.00— Newest styles in washable suits; 50
cut in the latest style. The patterns are this season's fcjd tops ij q ht flexible soles and plain different' patterns to select from. All latest styles,
newest productions. . toes TOP COATS--*4.OO — All our long and short top
', 92.S5— An immense line of fancy cheviots, Scotch MISSES'— ?"! .00— Fine dress shoe; coats have been reduced to this price; were formerly
mixtures and pure worsteds; all silk sewed. The work- vici kid, lace, spring heels, medium $6.00, $6.50 and $7.00^ Special.
manship and fit of these garments are equal to custom soles, coin toes and kid tips. Reduced WAISTS — 4 Sc— "Mother's 'Friend waists m ap-
made. Regular S350 and $4.00 values. --f from $1.75. to-date patterns.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I WILL GIVE $1000
r!^5?gfev Ifl fail to cure any
OAMCER
«| or Tumor I treat
"**!¦> jMrtn, before it poisons
7 ¦ m Up Knifef Ho Pain!
JteL f/ Ho Pay Until Cured
.f In 30 years I hi.v. cured more
** ' // cancers ilr.n an;- other, docto.-
[ living. N' . . Kay or other swiu-
g&^Tp" I INVESTIGATE
K^fe /fJ^tJ^ Absolute Guarantee
Iv^^Sm^A LUMP N
WOMAN'S BREAST IS GANGER
They always poison the glands In tbu brm'.lt
and shoulder; then cure is often i- possible. Any
tumor, 'umt or sore on the LIP, .'ACE or any.
where alv mont'.s is nearly always cancer.
They never pai.. rnti' almost past cure.
120 PAG"! BOOK SENT FREE.
wi-.heym-Uom n testimonials of thousands
cured whom you -an see and talk wit^.
DR, & MR^. DR. CHAMLEY & CO.
" Strictly Reliable." Two Lady Assistants.
23 & 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
>^K IMPROVED A*^V
\)X Eyeglasses /U
IS H
(j Spectacles IJ
VM2 fDLAHKEXSX
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Save
Woak SVIpn
"* vittbt lYiVxIIo
Hivo Disooverai the Marvelous
Secret of Perpetual Youtn and :
Undying Manly Vigor and I
Give It to You Free. •
My Xyeterioas Conpound Startles the World
With Its Wcrderful Cms -With This
Marrelonj Secret No Man Can-Q?ow
Old acd it is My Mission on Earth
Henceforth to Bring AllJaded,
Wcrn-Cut Men to This,
Fountain of Youth-
Send No Money— Simply Send Tout Name and
Address and Tiis *5!arv-clous Csnpcmnd
Will Bo Sent Yon by Feturn Mail,
Prepaid 'and Abs:lutely Fres.
I have discovered tlie marvelous .se-"
crct of perpetual life and vigor in men.
To me. it- has been given to bring to- the j
fallen, ¦vrca.ry,. worn-out brothers the '
• knowledge of. this priceless boon, and \
even- to the uttermost ends of the earth !
I. send my mc^sag^e.bf love and peace j
and ijoi>«' and help, rnbelievers may j
emit and -cry 'fake." -but I heed, tho.a |
not. y.y work has just begun and I am !
Eavir.i^ men. ¦
Th*» secret of this? nighty hoaling i
power, this vital life rrark, this mar-
rclocs-tORle 'fluid !s. known to me alone.
-' I^^.bpm..,,,^,...' !
"Hi man Is I^ost — Tbere Is a Sure Care
for Every Weak Man." — Dr. Ferris.
It is mine to give to whom I will and
my works go before me. Doubt not!
I ask no man to believe me, but I give
to every weak man free this priceless
boon and it restores him instantly to
the strength and powerful vigor of
youth. With this marvelous, mysterious
compound, which I have discovered
only after a lifetime devoted to search
through all the realms of science, and
tho archives of the ancionts, it is possi-
ble for every weak man to have for his
own the glorious manly power, the un-
tiring: visor and the long life of the
patriarchs of Bible times. # With this
mysterious compound no weak man
will ever again be troubled with impo-
teney, vital losses, niphtly emissions,
spormatorrhpa, v.iricotele. prematur-
ity, defective power or lack of vital
energy.
Send me no money. It is my duty,
g-uided by an- Unseen Hand — it is my
mission on earth — my life work — to lift
tip the fallen, heal the wpak and cure
th«> maimed or undeveloped; and to ev-
ery man who has lost his vital power
nr finds it -.vanlng, I send my message
of love and peace and health. I can
save him and ,1 will pave him and re-
store him to many years of happiness
and the imoetuous vitality and vigor-
ous manhood cf perfect health and
youth.
Remember, it matter* not how old
you are: it matters not how you lost
your manhood, or when you lost it. It
matters not what doctors or scoffers
,say. This is no ordinary drug or stim-
ulating method of treatment, but it is
the vital FDark of life itself, and -it
matters not how many remedies and
doctors hav* failed, I have repeatedly
and instantly renewed the youth of old
men. My secret compound never fails.
I have often instilled into jaded men
new vitality, health and strength. For
worn-out men I have oft kindled. In an
instant, and to stay, the sparkling \ '-
tality of youth. Write to me to-day
and tell me in strictest confidence all
about your case. My private address
is Dr. C. Sargent Feiris, 3C8 BtraVn
building, Cleveland, Ohio, and I urge
every weak man to come to me, for I
will pive him undying strength, the su-
preme Joy and happiness of perfect
manliness. My wondrous discovery has
Ktartled tb«? world by its miraculous ef-
fects, yet I seek not fame nor glory. It
suffices me if I may be the humble In-
strument of Nature's greatest power ia !
bringing all men into the enjoyment of
their true manliness and I do 'it free.
In the time allotted to me here on :
earth I shall do, all that in my power '
lies to give my fellow men the benelH of
this great secret and my reward shall
be in the knowledge that I have done
unto others as I would that others
should do unto me.
Pure, Pde and Sparkling. Bottled
Onry et the Brewery in St. LcuU.
¦ *¦ • ' ¦
SOLO EVERYWHERE. 5
HILiiiiiT ukfiCASCTUJC CO..
i'-t..ic Coast Ac«r.t».
' jLjLJIllLJ«Hlm_J— J ¦IIM ll.«MJi|MLMMgL____l^j
r??5§53\A/E AK MEjIN
'¦'^TFij iJl '- HALLS HEINVIGORATOH
_»J JCSC Ftops all l»Hf and unnatural d:s-
, H charg«-e ia -4 hours. You feel an
C*."?- improvement from ihfc lirtt dos».
;'7^1 Pffl ha*"* *<» much confluence 1:. our
) ».'i ¦! L-UC tjf-atm<»r.t that we offer Five llun-
\i--£a rvK lIr " J rfward lor any l•a^c w can-
UdSacami* not cure. ThU secret remedy curei
lost power, n'ghtly emissions, wasted organs,
vaiicocele. ic'.itl, strictures, kidneys, failing
: .. !i..tj. drains in the urine, cunurrnoea. dis-
»a*c OC the i>rtj»tJ(te Klands and all other terri-
ble rSt-cXf 'A Felf-abu»e or excesses, which lead
< n to corieumrKSoti and death. Positively cure«
th* v. o:>t cases in eld or younx of that rnortl-
ty'.ng condlticr, quickness of the dlschattre. »na
wanti:i«f to do, ar.fl you canX Sont teaied, *-
I<er bott'.f, three bcttlei. $5. Guaranteed tu
cure any ca»e. ' » '•
«:=!! cr aiKJreM order* HAX.L'S MEDICAL
iNSTTTirTn, Ksr. Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
/.:.-.. for sale at 3073^ Market St.. S. F. Send
lor free book.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD CSE DAMIANA BITTEES. THE !
Great Mexican Ilemcdy; gives health and
•Tr-"->:iriti to sexual organs. Depot, '¦•'-".i Market.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
FBAGEBS
FBAGEBS.
FBAGEBS
PKAGERSLONDON, Jan. 30. — In the Graeco-
Roman wrestling match at the Olym
pia to-night for; the championship of
the world and a purse of $10,000 and
a side bet of $500. George Hacken
schmidt, a Russian, won first fall
within one minute from Ahamed Mad
rali, a Turk. Madrali's arm was dis
located at, the elbow by the. fall and
Hackenschmidt was declared the win
ner of the bout.
Russian Is Wre^ling Champion.
' In the ten mile invitation race,
open to amateurs only, Mr. Vander
bilt again .smashed all previous rec-^
ords, maRing the distance in 6:50.
The best previous record was made
by Barney Oldtield, 9:32 1-5, at Den
ver last year. There were five start
ers in this race. .
The three motorcycle machines
which raced; a. jnile yesterday, went
ten miles straightaway to-day. G. H.
Curtiss won in the record time of
8:54 2-5. Bowden and Stevens, at
scratch, won first and second places
in the twenty-mile handicap out of
seven " starters. .In this* race M.^TV.
Ehrlich was. thrown from his machine
and was rendered unconscious. His
Injuries consisted ,»of ,a dislocated
shoulder; and' scalp, wounds.* >,
% " The time for the twenty-mile handi
cap race was: Bowden, 18:40; Stevens,
18:50 2-5.-. ; ¦ . ; %
v' Bowden and Stevens, in their sixty
ORMOND, Fla.. Jan. 30.— Fifty miles,
with four turns, in forty minutes forty
nine and four-fifths seconds was the
record made on the Ormond-Daytona
Beach course to-day by W. K. Vander
bilt Jr. The race was for the American
Automobile Association championship
at this distance, open to all. The pace
figures out seventy-three and one-half
miles an hour, the best record ever
made in America, and almost as good
as any straightaway record for that
distance in the world. On this long
race Mr. Vanderbilt managed his ma
chine-admirably. In making the four,
turns,, necessitated by using' the ten
mile course, he displayed great
skill and daring. On completing
the twenty miles his machine
left its tire marks just four feet nine
inches from the stake, going at high
speed. His record for every ten miles
of the fifty was the best, that of H. C.
Bowden being second. These records
break any previous time made in
America, and are as follows: . / .%...
Vanderbilt. Bowden.
Ten miles.. 7:25 • 7:00
Twenty miles ..17:0:: 17:05
Thirty miles.... 24:11 24:2« 2-5
Forty miles............ 3-!:W 2-5 35:25 2-5
Fifty miles.... 40:49 4-5 43:44 4-5
FORT STEVENS. Or., Jan. 30.—
Soundings taken yesterday on the Co
lumbia River bar show that the chan
nel has as yet been unaffected by the
scratching of the big dredger Chinook,
any slight increase of depth being
plainly the pesult of the jetty work
and not of the dredger.
The statement does not reflect on
the certainty of' improvement when
the Chinook gets to work, but it mere
ly a statement, of facts verified by the
most reliable pilots on the bar, and
which will receive official indorsement
when the survey now under way is
completed. Reports sent out from
Astoria have indicated that the
Chinook had already practically re
moved, the great submarine sand
mountain, whereas in truth she has up
Special Dispatch to The Call
Early in December it is alleged that
he wrote to H. D. Peairs, superintend
ent of the Haskell Indian School at
Lawrence, stating that he had a large
party of Indian boys who desired to
enter the school and asked that trans
portation be sent for them.
T-he transportation was sent, but
when the supposed wards of the na
tion arrived it was found that all of
them were Mexicans. Kokas is said
to have herded these Mexicans to
uether. promised them good jobs at
Lawreuce, Kans., and then sold them
the transportation which he had re
ceived from the superintendent of the
Indian school.- . - • , ,
When the fraud was discovered he
fled and wai traced through various
cities. To-night. he was arrested at
the postoffice while receiving his mail.
He trl«*d to escape, but was overtaken
an«» _^.i»dued after a fight. The Gov
ernment officers assert that there are
charges, against him, the nature of
which they are not ready to make
public.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 30.— After hav
ing been sought all over the Southwest
by officers of the Postofflce and Inter
ior departments, Peter Kokas, alias
Pedro Caldaron, alias Jose. Trujillo,
was arrested here . to-night by the
United States authorities. He is wanted
on a charge of defrauding the super
intendent and directors of the Govern
ment Indian school at Lawrence. Kans.,
and the additional charge of using the
mails for purposes of fraud is made
against him.
Soeclal Dispatch to. The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 30.
— The St. Mary's College baseball
team found the varsity nine an easy
victim in the game played on the Stan
ford diamond this afternoon. The
final score was 9 to 4, the visitors re
ceiving most of their runs as the result
of the errors of the varsity players.
Blake at first base put up the best
game of baseball for the varsity play
ers, while Streith starred for the St.
Mary's team. Ferguson and Poult
ney. the St. Mary's battery, showed up
well except in the fourth and eighth
innings. Tritch and Roosevelt occu
pie,d.the box for the varsity nine and
both did creditable, work.
Stanford XInc Defeated.
Big Vessel Chinook Has Trouble
in Clearing 1 the Obstruc
tions at the Columbia's Mouth
W. K. Vanderbilt Jr. Performs
in a Sensational Manner in
the Fifty-Mile Championship
Man Accused of Having; De
frauded the Government in
Kansas Arrested After a Chase
AUTO RECORDS
ARE SHATTERED
DREDGER FINDS
TASK DIFFICULT
OFFICERS FIND
THE FUGITIVE
MADRID. 'Jaa. SO.— Admiral Beranser has
»ve n relieved of his duty as president of the
• fivisory board of the navy committee because
h« oppoted "the naval reform »fhtme.
The voting contest for the most pop
ular chauffeur resulted in the election
of Al Faulkner by a large majority.
horsepower machines, came together
at scratch again in the ten-mile han
dicap. In this the tables were turned,
Stevens winning in 7:28 4-5, against
7:38 1-5 by Bowden.
Hugh "Willoughby in an auto car
made the distance in 13:3a 1-5.
to date wallowed a few times across
the bar, suck/d up a few tons of sand,
interspersed with crabs and flounders,
and left the menace to navigation un
changed. •
The Chinook will undoubtedly do
good work, but she has had no oppor
tunity . yet and must wait, until the
¦winter gales abate before she can hope
to put the jetty out of the running aS'
a channel builder.
Baehr signed the demand of Health
officer Ragan. which he questioned
because Ragan had been leasing the
Park police station to the city. Ragan
< onveyed his three-eighths interest on
January 7 to J. W. Ragan and is
therefore legally entitled to his sal
ary.
The plaintiffs will claim that Baehr
has no legal right to withhold pay
ment of the demands, as the Health
Board has the right to appoint them
.ind has been fortified in its position
by the approval of the Civil Service
Commission. Baehr. however, is tak
ing: no chances and wants the matter
judicially determined before sjgning
the demands.
Deputy Health Officer Louis Levy
and the other new appointees of the
l'.oird of Health made a formal de
mand on Auditor Baehr yesterday for
the payment of their January de
mands, preparatory to Instituting a
suit against Baehr and his bondsmen
to compel him to audit the warrants.
Eaehr refused to sisn the demands
and Abe Ruef. who has been retained
as attorney by the appointees, will at
once begin suit against Baehr, not
only for the amounts of the various
salaries, but for damages as well.
aries Were Held Up Will Begin
Court Proceedings.
Health Board Employes Whose Sal-
WILL SUE AUDITOR FOR
SALARIES AND DAMAGES
A sight draft for $1000. drawn by
young Grayson in this city and signed
"J. T. Grayson." was presented to Col
onel Grayson yesterday morninc by a
Wellt 6 . Fargo £f Co. bank messenger.
The father declined to honor it. Colonel
Grayson has been ill in bed for sev
eral days with pleurisy.
The most serioup charge against
Grayson in thi* city is the drawing of
r <-heck for $2650 on Weiis. 'Farsro &
Oo.'s bank in favor of the Mobile Com
pany, from "which the young man pur
chased an automobile. Among other
«herks he wrote was one for $15. which
hp cashed at the Palace It^tel and to
which he signed the name of his fa
ther, under which he" was regristtred fit
that hostelry.
U* hae btd ail the chaacet a father could
five a eon. He was :- the United States Na
vsl Academy at Annapolis, rot into trouble
irere. <n-er mor.ey matters and was fltfhonor
ijbly <5ii>charged. He hue had a number of
*f>od position*, bat it would b« or.ly a few
.-«ecl(s after I put him on his f»et tilt he
tvould to wrong- agtiln. I have paid out $2000
to eettle h:» Mils 5ince l*»t May. .
Buyinr automobiles is an old trick of hi*.
He bought two in New York last November,
rivir.f two checks for flOOO each. He has
•b«>*n c*er neai'Iy all the world, and is only 22
•van old. He is my eldest «on. He srot so
bail here that I would not let him lire in my
hou*<>. I did rot want him to aes<->eiate with
the other -sh'.lSren. My present wife, who Is
rot TerrpVf''* mother, «!so objected to his
;rp«erce here.
I fcav# tfifinberited my isn aad washed my
*-ajjd» of him. He ha* been In clir.iUr trouble
• na «L-n« isany times befer*. and I hav«
*tr>od by him end paid fc!« billi. I have paid
and x>a;d tnfi paid from New York to Europe
ar.d back to Portland. TVhen he left here a
*»-e"Pk a*e> for Pan FYancleco I told him I
• *>u:a pay* nnthlrur tncra for him. If he did
roi understand me then, h« will now. for I
rhaM net kelp him cut of the Ean Francisco
•crape.
Temple Grayson. Bon of a wealthy
mining rr.an of Portland, whose reck
less issuance of bad checks and his
troubles at the Palace Hotel were told
In yesterday's Call, is now languishing
:n the City Prison. The young man was
arrested- yesterday forenoon and his
name placed on the detinue book,
awaiting a formal charge to be placed
against It on the prison register. A
dispatch received from Portland last
evening etated that tlrayson's father
had announced that he would not aid
his. son in his present trouble and would
8llow the law to take Its full coursn
In any criminal charge that may be
preferred against the young man. In
an interview with a Call correspondent
John T. Grayson 6aJd:
Disgraces His Parents and Is
Now Left to Work Out His
Own Salvation in This City
ilOJIE IS IN PORTLAND
Young Grayson, Disowned by
His Wealthy Father, Is Ar
rested for Issuing Bad Checks
WILD CAREER
ENDS IN JAIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY* 31, 1904.
28
SHREVE&CO'S
S TA T/ONER Y DEPAR TMEN 7
. Will be opened on Mon-
day, February 1st It will
have in its work rooms
complete facilities lor the
production of Fine Station-
cry in aD its branches. Ex-
clusivcncss will charac-
terize the products of the
Department. A
POST and MARKET STS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal says: "I advise
Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges to all pa-
Uents suffering from gas in stomach
and bowels and to clear the complex-
ion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver Is great-
ly benefited by the daily use of them;
they cost but 25 cents a box at. drug
stores, and although in some sense a.
patent preparation, yet I believe I get
more and better charcoal in Stuart's
Absorbent Lozenges than in any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets."
Charcoal effectually clears and Im-
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminentfy safe cathartic.
It absorbs the Injurious gases which
r oiiect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal In one
form or another, but probably the best
< harcoal and the most for the money
is in Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges;
they are composed of the finest pow-
dered willow charcoal and other
harmless antiseptics in tablet form or
rather in the form of large, pleasant
tasting lozenges, the charcoal being
mixed with honey. ; ••.:; "•
The daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
plexion, sweeter breath and purer
blood, and the beauty of it is that no
possible harm can result from their
continued use. but, on the contrary.
Exeat bonefit-
.Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of It the better; it: is not a
drug at all, but simply absorbs the
pases and impurities always present in
the stomach and intestines c and carries
them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
>moking, drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Xeirly everybody knows that char-
coal is -the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature,. but
few realize its value wherr- taken into
t he human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose. .
in Preserving: Health and Beauty.
Few People Know How Useful It Is
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat2>
Museum of anatomy^
\ Th« UiralAauiwiu] Mncui* ia tk< \
0 l^ftl bpea»Ustoa ih«Cou-_ E«L3«ye»rv ©
A /J2SJ DR - JORDAN-D'SEASES OF MEN 4
\ f ffn^N ComultatioB free tnd itrtctljr pritiie. \
9 il XJMSt H T'"*""" 1 p«ion»lly or by letttr. A A
\ n V W M '**""" Cur * m tr " r f oh uadcmk ea. T
A F if I A Write br B^k. PSIL*«OraT *f A
C II * SAHRIA6K. HAIU» WKKM. (AY
A O ti nluabl* "mo it for ara) . \
" I>B. JOP.DA.\ * CO.. 1051 Market St. 8 T V
-^^^ Every Woman
WL^^nla MARVEL Whirling Spray
*<^C>vOSl^^iw fan and Sartio*. B«tt-»»f»
\O\s>V^SSt__ est— Most ConTenlent,
*S£sP^W f> X5Zp!2* llUtuamOauaU?.
MS j««» «tin:« ftr it. \V /g|L m _ ii} -CT,
If hi» i"trnot eupvlT th« \.i0Sr" ~ '"%eS
M.inVKl., ao-eptno Wt
ether, bu: »end ttamp for II- V \V #^C^&
Instrated book— M«l*4.1t ciTes \\ /
full partiouUr* anil rtirertmr.* In- W'/ /M
valuable to laities- 31 A RYEL CO.. W ¦¦•*','7> Jr
803 MISSION 1 . ST.. S. F.. CaL ° t »«^—^
'William Hatteroth (Ladies' Oept.)..224 SuU#»
Union Drue Co. 21* Ke^nir & Van Nan * Mkt.
Osgood Bros 7th ts. Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy ll» EI11»
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
This hom» for tha axed, conduct"*! by th*
Sisters of Mercy, ia situated at Saa Diaso.
Cal.. on University Heights, overlouktnx tha
ocean. The climate Is considered tha flaast la
th« world, free from extreme* of heat or cold
Aged couples are also received. Th« charges
for a home for . life vary front 51300 UDward.
according to age and requirements. For further
information apply to Sister Suiverior St. Jo-
keph's Sanitarium. San Dlejo. Cal.
PT?TTCUTI7C FOR BARBERS. BA.
DXI U Olll-iO k *"- bootblacks, bath.
f house*, billiard Ubles,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper*
hanxers. printer*, painters. sho« factories,
¦tablemen, tar-roofer*, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHA5A5 BRO3.,
Brash Maanfactnrer*. 609 Sacramento St.
ASTHMANOLA
. Is the only cure for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMaT
Tour Drurslst or at Sa» UAIGHT ST
San. Franclaco. CaL
SU fl mxHSX « 1 " ! 1 II II f^iml
1 1 1 U 11 1 s\
J M x pv Jf 1 ¦ r. ¦ i. ' I pi BaV
I isj WSSm ¦ '•! ¦ Mm
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOB ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOS ROSENBEBQ'S.
/^V^p\ &t the Price Cutters you' will.
mlm' (T " P) v^^rl&KUm GET true v&ujetortwr money -
i/^4v/yy^^^r^ TIP ff= *1 /"aS di^ 7^ ' V / zi i f iirrc:. v ivi c^ Tv/i r\ i X do i ]VIT^
'w^- rMI Multitudes of eplejidid values that ou^ht to be told of make it necessary
i liBraBfe^i^ tO con^ ense m "Ch in a little. We might take a page instead of these
''^«S»^B^P^i>^ Columns, but the story would not be better told, and customers know
1 f :{^^^^§^0r^^M^^^\ by experiments that whatever the type, be it large or small,
"Zjifl ' i^^^^^^^^^^^^Bi I EVERY ITEH IN OUR ADVERTISEHENTS MEANS WHAT WE SAY [
J. eef "\ $md&&*m W\£^ffl$F>rw{\i ' Just Received a Our Buyer Is Never Asleep Corset-Fitting a Feature In Which We Just Received.
Why not be : Kf I *¦ /jSfflS^ttfflftW Full I lno nf w Wlen ther. U «ay. ExCeL AHOTUIX tOT OF THB I^.»Y
known as an G=^£BMBBfflBBBtim f\ I ¦ fHBBatBaSBMiB ' LI 1 1 Line 01 *? thiasr g-ood at a low t, " --,--« «. ' mac i-aces.
ft ™* I Ladles' Eqiilpols) a J .r«V, " TTED /JS^S*" 3 " *g£-$ZL£lSi, S BSSTiS
Woman? +^^^^^'WF$M*mW^~*m a ¦ tlfit * TOBiBHHBwiB ui i * V^* *& them, »¦ last icoop i 1 with scalloped borders, ttnished all
'you trade at j"BfHE_ Wnmf^Sy=^^^iSrs=^ki\' f fThe Genuine w«ar; mlsjudsrment ~~ _. _ ___^_ ___.- uul -' : '
-the ' 'n ,' Khd) m'S?? 1 ;**^ 1 .. hSSWSaiiSe'eT'S: co t rI e T: Fh^n^It^^ 1 what Would You Oo If You Had a Lot
price Prlce - a h Tt£Vo e ne^Vt^" e iiWi?a! Wij) e5 ot Sbams; Scarfs and TIdlBS
CUTTERS." yZa&rJ fflfr \ '^BQtSSSSB i? O f\p selling price. They comprlso rests. B \> proof elda steels, also a m.-j o
\.ui icn j. j fm 1 1Tn \A Z^\ drawers aad corset covers; liberal La \ j- z/J rust-proof. straight-front Oil UflllJ i ,
\^"^ •*** \i*bir \p^»&\J lenjrth and width; some are all wool. Vp yi steel; new circular cut and -^ Sell tham ! woolA sot
QQ7Q Plorpc „ „ ... „ , " some are half wool, some «llk and wool <A^TV hand K° rf<1 - low and rted - V?ISp : M<5\ Ton?
a manufacturer-. Oon ! Miss M^ * m U ™^ Morning Winter Is Not All Gone S2^ tt .S:/. 1 . lB Si ll^w"fe l< S5i'52 Si ¥(§$&> J*h> y lo T,?* Z£
jT /K>v sunjlus stock ot S^T If you want to save. Her* •TT^V AND WE HAVE HEBE "leeves; tome are lace trimmed, others * *tronp b*lt tap- inside to fc.^fe^t yalne for the*i.
//V JT \ CaSelette *ar- CSF^ "^ B ? m<k rlbbons - g@%\ E< > ME WINTER SHIRT ha Y e frooheted yokes; tljrhts are opea tt p T rev . en i stretching, lace j^£ft^>. r' Neither do we.
// V^fv t ment« The Star ROod klnd - marked low. &.\* H WAISTS AT ABOUT ONE- and closed; ankle and knee lenjrth, jer- trimmed. Including 5 yards mohair Rfpgl J^I 1 We wish to reduce
1/ \ X 1 Manufacturinr Co.. CTSSv Corded silk taffpta ribbon. B»*f).^ HALF PRICE. THEY ARE "y flttinr and finished with Prench lace. Special 81.00 ft899E2S& stock, so have majk-'i
(/? M |{/ \ \ the larg-est manti- w J 1 J^ 0 ' -'' l lnch wId " : C.'V'A&VV THE BEST SELLING bauds. v "« th , p ricf>3 so jew that
\ 7 \ I facturers of these »i *** h »b le; In white, pink. FftJfc.'dH - kind. BUT WE HAVE VeStS. Read. they will surely *o. The cost not con-
*^ • short kimonas; R , nrh .« ,,, Beet- satin taffeta made. MARQUISE, FLEUB DE EIS, KJI1CK- \llij / si ¦•= gOc - FORM— Made of near-silk. V&J you are looking for cheap goods at low
tucked, Btltched. fri hrilt I V saS i h rlbb ° n .7 ldth : «- ERBOCXER, GRIFFON AND OTHER >CH J t '- 2! y ' «VKS perforated eyelets and tailor wrjfi* prices these are not. but If you ar«
scalloped mired, and «Uk embroidery ,'^^J" 8 ter , : in J? !n t blu , e> c i r , di " IBABXHO MAKES. »•<? 2»«m y ' n §J*U8 stitched, form fitting, invisi- »wgf\ lookine; for extra fine goods at low
trimmed: In .olid color* of pink and instead of /no Mnn^* a T hlte ' You know how they flt If you have' 52.25 quality. now..$1.5O ble when worn, light »n(W^A prices thafs what you will find thesa
blue, also rtriped. Odd piece* left dav's nri^l ' Monda y s and T "^ a " ever worn them. They would not fit , Tlffhtc nr nraworc weight, ventilated and re- -3|1> to be:
over from larjre orders. W« bought y pnc9 -«»C ynn boltpr if they wrre made to order. I l o lltb 01 UfdWBIS. vrrs i ble: they come in thre<s &gS\ Regular T5c quality reduced to. . .r.Oc
them for »i off the orig-inal cost, so t nM , lt n- , u , , - . n . They come in wool, alpaca and oxford. The perfect fitting kind. different sizes: in pink blue. rajPflj Regular $125 quality, reduced to. 75c
you can imarlne how reasonable we UIHV Ufl6 MINI 01 falOVBS Thry are tucked, hemstitched, trimmed $1 25 quality, sale price 7X C Bra>" pnd black. For slender, \r?r. Reg. $2 00 quality, reduced to.. 81.2R
will sell them. You will rtna in our «tnr. it**™... with openwork ¦ fajrotingr, all new $175 quality, sale price SI. 25 medium and stout figures; no Reff. $3 50 quality, reduced to. .«1. 75
|SasSSffii 1 ffia.^:::::::s8S' ""'¦ »™». VW |]:SS.t;!!g::::::::::Si:Rn Child's Knitted UnJerwaists. ""^i^^Zi";""^ iitela. .r Ballu
75c flannelette skirts, now ..f»Oc T 4^ TT ,c, %M$7 J500 <l uallt y SIS. 50 . Made of knitted QU86I1 AIICG PneUIIratlC BUS! rOFIU. Zs ta greater dunaad tham «t«* tor
r.Oc flannelette Rowns. now :»)o S e SUEDE LISLE ffffgf And others. fabric; for attach- f^JFft WATimT'R oww hital mUllnery or neok pnrpoiM.
75c flannelette Kowns now 7>r>o CLOVES, woven tips, two WW *"«. . th « llIlder - /f-Mfrm/L. WATUKE S OWN EI7AL. Here's som*. the good, h-avy and
$1 00 flannelette gowns, now Sf»o P at ? nt clasps, stitched W . MflthpR 1 r lo « th J n f : «^ s^ ms /l V'Aw/ • They do away with all un- «fv silky kind- in red lavender pink gray;
SI 50 flannelette lowns/ now... SI. 1O b° k , S - T 2 cr^'' mode - » MOinBlS . finished with extra V \^U'ffiJ )j H K htly. uncomfortable and && black and white Yard 7c
BOc flannelette drawers, now...T. 3»c bl a<* and white. No HAVE TOTT HAD _a. strong tape and 2*^Ww£j7/fli4K. unhealthy padding. They ff»# wnue iara «c
75r flannelette drawpr.«. now •*."»«• stamps, but values. Our price YOTJB CHUDRES VS GSSSfr oouble rows of ' <ff:^|t )>roduce a perfectly full V en rn j tf i it ti
$1.00 flannelette drawers, now 75c '" -*5c pair WSAR THE roirr JEB buttons. Our price \m** bust, applied in an instant; J V OUC f DuC MO lOC L3C6 IlISBnlOQ NOW
Sola Pillow or Cushions #> jS?L /="**," r -^™^ t e Hn , , M „«». i^HHSE|"I 0h M^MffiizM ?®-^ H
Expect to Buy Them. gpW cuffs with openwork hem- weights. All sizes. Pair 25c fuicv cut iet be-ids with a KaN^ > Write for Pamphlet. web. floral and ifll 111 till «¦!!¦¦>«
ttn £«s FV -=^;s» t „ sx^o^^o I^l5i is S Sf™« W Aro»»d the smaii stors wih th> »«"' satirr;!
ilG^<3&§S£g§ crepe cloth fm^ Nothing adds more to the STOCK WE FIND A LOT OF ODDS Our price .'..... .'.Or o •¦ n • WaiS * trimmir -- The nuantlty won't
Wtt^WSM SI Cl w!th fm a dress thaS e ow e "thS. < .tlM ill 48°nch ll> AND END S IN FANCY BEADED CHAIN AND Sma.l PriCSS. last long at this low pric. .Yard 25o
ly^g P sarn U e ffl rnat^ oord^al 6 ! L^ifd. SaftK Mad , of B t f' d Sef a^ l^^Kali.^nis^d «™£%£™^^$S3K EmbFOidSrieS and Insertions.
Y*& ) i. !^^«^§ rial. full 23 in Drice ' ioi?« . of patent leather. Puede. un- with extra heavy tassels. No pre- N ow 7e .-.^^-^^^ It will b* a r^d
&*'M,< square. P 1-%C dressed kid; also peau de sole silk! In mlums. 'but real worth $1.50. At the « IF V T ' mItpptvs The crinkled F^^Affli^fSH^ letter day in em-
gfjg^S^B f^ d a u n s d e - rCa tn' H0Si 8 ry. » S,^,^ l(1 ,^ S v * r $. 'NECK CHAi^ E^?h OC klnd f "» WS^^V brSSr?Sli %S£:
i.c^ndorred.^r^W^ -- ™ ES r 0B You Know What the Laundries Cbirge l^!Mn€iJE3W^.^^^ SK- t&d x 2S
green. Worth 60c. At the Price Cut- LADIES' HOSE, fast \k&zf}0&' fnr Wachlnir Island shells, In different combinations blue, black and lavender. Price.. 10c ft«* ««*5£> open effects: floral
tcrs -!><* black, made of Egyptian \3m\^€&' IUI "dblling. of colorings. Instead of $1.50. at Qri^snR^ The ™ n ,l kinrl R inrl •) designs; all but-
Wh,» , T..* «# U/,r Tfc«r« Will n« #-r "sle openwork lace effect. ffW J Here's a LADY'S the Price Cutter's for O5 C ' inches lonirhfihll rfolished blades ton-hole edged: mostly all perfed
Wnai 3 lUg-OI-War There Will Be lOr double heels and toes. ? £*& UNDERSKIRT that d^fiaSk C«r r, M , B ,| M i ui,,^,, xoT nigniy ponsnea Diaaes. Bome sli hu , oUed:
¦ These Shawls. a^".^!fli 5SS^a"fc£'ZB -jMk « JSlWUT.-j. 'j^SSm'i^S^^SS^ K k^^rkv.v.v.v.^iS
r.p.ci«nj » xirn^ ,o< »j«. n. %t ™™'J« AS ™™ B "T\n* s « "\ L^ ®m^ "nhMZI^S^lSL CM M^a^iiSS'fe S. a J?»E !. 11 iS3^ w Wirsii::::::::::: ife
, Ih^rr^i,^ «fe,saiii^ss ¦a«asruasti"s u ffi iff W^WM^Hm^ - 8 -^ " m - -• ™°
low price. Made of Shetland floss and loes - rlce -ocpair ruffles, finished with six tailor-stitched bottom with two rows of £3 vH ?!« • i ? » « h « fw ? 1 Rprf I Pttpr l\M In Rpi Intfimnb \\(k nr
wool zephyr; in fancy woven and cro- FatJ> Bfi2Utifier<5 MarkPfl I nw bands No trading stamps, but full fagoting, also pocket and VL'\&: *!°n; in pointed • and round effects. A KEO LeiTSl Ud]f in H39 AUiaiilOJlIB OT
<>;rt desipiiP. In pink, blur, crram and I0U- DBflUlliiei5> MdineU LOW. value for your money or your money strings trimmed Price C*Mi§k Now <S< * C.hnnn?n<r Pa ff o
black. Full in width, and circular and M.idc of all silk net back - Our price *. :... J>r,«. Slrin » s rice «*££» AUTO BELTS— Made of patent inOppillg DdgS.
square shape. .(fS^Sjii^ge, crisscross, horse hair V " ••~ >C ' fit'Yn rid^nd" black ISf"' 6 T^" W. Ar, OT.rrtock^. Onx
Wholesale price. $0.00 dozen. Our te&^&fcanntf tuxedo meshes. Clifl^BHa nAAiE"DBn?>AA TUT les, in red and black. .\o« 15c f~£ Losi Tour Oaln.
price Each 3r>c I -C^Sff^n T1 ' c Maparenla cape b3 (Th H fiH Hi tt» 1 fkt IB B i ¦ O I HI" I *n .I,,.,! l..lk» 1 .1 \ Made of Levant. Russian
Wholesale price. $7.50 dozen Our '•W'l^/ veil, in fancy tuxedo | | i | UlBVLillEJLIJlJ. I " C JUSt ReCeiVed AnOlllSr LOT , A^4 leather and morocco, molr*
Wsss: Jill 1 HUOLllDLno price-gutter o^^s^^^s^ s^f^E"S;
WholPsaie price, $12.00 dozen J)j.r J^i inches long. The up- H | | |i in the Tle^^acl^ndbea^inir 3 effect fBSB lel?hfr and^haln hlndl/s. 90
s v s :.^S« 2) pJ^' "'^F Wt 8 ' 6 Market Street " 0Tarre " Strcet SSSS? 1 ® SS::::g
priCe Cachg^QQ purposes. Price JQc MAIL OBDE3S SOLICITED. * •••• • Tard.SSc 51.50 quality, now.,81,00
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Llttle-at a-time Payments."
WHY?
We can sell at' lower prices
than any other furniture house
in this city. v
We own our building and
pay no rent.
; We buy in car lots and dis-
count all our bills.
We are independent of any
combine.
Our stove department is the
largest in the city, and our
stoves are well known to give
the best satisfaction. . /.
"YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD." \
TbeJ.Nooiian Furniture Go.
IOI7;IO23 MISSION ST.
Above Sixth. :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL OFFER.
Tn ' s FIVE . B^ C J $22.22
Comes in Weathered Oak. beautifully
finished, with excellent French Plate
Mirror. ' Don't let this opportunity
pass. . ¦
We've several other special offers
in Furniture that.it will pay you to
investigate.
A; B. SMITH CO.
Furniture. Trunks. Leather Goods
Etc.
128-133 EX.X.XS ST., Above Powell,
. SAN, FRANCISCO.William Davis, an • actor— ha !— was
before Judge Mogan yesterday on • the
charge of having attempted to defraud
the keeper of the Gait House,* at 1206
Market street. The claim of the land
lord was based on the; fact 'that 'Davis
came to the hotel penniless and ill and
was taken care of : to the extent of
$52 r>0, which he subsequently refused
to pay. Among* the items was a bill
for medicine and . medical attendance,
Ada Brown, comely but boisterous, was
rehelrsiug the disrobing scene of Sadie
Martinot in "The Turtle" at Fourth and
Minna streets Friday afternoon. The
sbb-ked inhabitants of the vicinity fair
ly boiled into the basements in an en
deavor to escape the scene. A police
man interrupted the performance and
took Ada to jail. She told him she was
a lady, and reinforced the assertion
with such a string of picturesque pro
fanity that for a time the policeman
was almost shaken in his conviction
that. she was a proper subject for de
tention.
Judge ' Mogan adjudicated her case
yesterday, and after he had heard r all
the glaring particulars he sent Miss
Brown to the County Jail for six
months, where she will never be late
for rehearsals and may learn to aban
don altogether the Martinot role.
Bebekah Lodges Will Aid Odd
Fellows' Children in the
Asylum Located at Gilroy
At the suggestion of Mrs. Flora Berg
man, district deputy grand president of
the California Assembly, I. O. O. F.,
the Rebecca lodges of San Francisco
embraced In District No. 55 have de
cided to give a grand ball in Native
Sons' Hall on March 11 in aid of the
Odd Fellows' Orphans' Home in Gilroy.
In this work the district deputy is be
ing assisted by the following named
members of her staff: M. Goldberg. S.
Thompson, Lottie Carson, A. Currier,
Erne Happ Jacobs, Mary Marnes, A.
Plath, L. Cummings, Julia Jackson, H.
Newman, Ella Bourne, Prescilla Mun
roe, Lizzie Stanton and Clara Gonzales.
The following named constitute the
committee of arrangements:
California Lodge No. 1— L. McMillan,
E. McMurray. B. Ratner, L. Burdick
and paptain M. A. Samuels.
Templar Lodge No. 19— Dora Osthoff,
Grace M. Bray, M. Dennett and Henry
W. Osthoff.
Oriental Lodge No. 00 — M. Forbes, J.
Clark. L. Deitz and M. Coburn.
Amity Lodge No. 161— L. Carren.
Maude Barney, T. Craig and J. P. Car
ren.
Mission Lodge Xo. 225— Mesdames
Hextrum, Knopf and Arrison and Mr.
Coburn.
• Jubilee Lodge No. 239— Marie H. Lud
low, C. Gibson, Gabrielle Gress andE."
Warren. -
The home is situated in Gilroy upon a
five-acre tract of land donated for the
purpose by" Mrs. Caroline A. Hoxett. It
Is but five minutes' walk from. the cen
ter of . the town and is one of • the most
delightful sites In the Santa'CIara Val
ley. The work of erecting the home
was commenced in 1897 and the cost of
the same was met by voluntary contri
butions. Since j then the cost of main
taining the same has been met by con
tributions from the Rebekah and subor
dinate lodges of ; the State. The man
agement of .the institution has ' been
placed ' in the Rebekah branch of the
order. . It 'has been successfully carried
on under the various boards of trustees,
and the board at present 'is composed of
Fannie Benjamin of Los Angeles, presi
dent; Sarah M. 'Wolff of Sacramento,
vice president;. Mary E. Donoho of San
Francisco, -secretary; Olive T. Allen of
Santa Rosa and Elizabeth Shaw and
Nellie Michell of San Franciso. ; - .
-, » There are ¦ at this . time fifty-three
wards of the Odd Fellows in the home
thati; are : being : cared 0 for, but in : - order
to do : this v the trustees . have ¦ to ; care
fully; husband 'their' resources and are
unable \ to introduce many comforts \ for
Judge Mogan put the case over for
three weeks in order that he might
have a chance to digest the testimony.
F. Olfchefski, who suffers from chron
ic inflammation of his name, was be
fcre Judge Mogan yesterday charged by
his wife with failing to provide for two
minor children. He is a Prussianized
Russian and a bricklayer by occupation.
His wife runs a lodging-house at 127
Eighth street and is fairly prosperous.
Olfchefski protested strongly against
his arrest on the charge. He said his
wife made more money than he did,
and so harried him that he could not
remain at home. The special prose
cuting attorney asked him why he haa
changed his name to Fred Smith.
"I tells you," said Olfchefski. "That
foreman he Bars tome, "Young fellers,'
he says, 'that name is fierce. Every
time I says it my tooths ache. Call
ycurselfs Fred Smith or quit the jobj
So I calls myself Fred Smith."
"Did you ever call yourself Jones?"
asked the prosecutor.
"Never did such a thing I do," shout
ed the defendant.
PLAN TO HELP
THEIR ORPHANS
the little ones which they would like to
see them enjoy. Realizing this in its
fullest sense. District Deputy Grand
President Mrs. Bergman, who for a
number of years has been a most earn
est and conscientious worker for the
advancement of the order, decided to
enlist the lodges of her district to as
sist her and her staff In planning a so
cial event in aid of the fatherless and
motherlens. This 13 a matter that will
enlist the support of not only the mem
bers of the Rebekah branch of the or
der and of the Odd Fellows, but of all
who appreciate the fact that a small
contribution will go far toward mak
ing little orphans happy. -;\ ¥ '¦"[
¦ The committee in charge is arranging
a first-class programme of dances and
will have first-class music.
¦ m • .
Ladies' Parisian Garments Have Ar
rived.
The Spring Garments of the latest
fashions are gradually arriving at Bar
on's Cloak and Suit House. They are
positively the handsomest ever created
in Paris.
Ladies are requested to call and see
them. Prices are. as usual, moderate.
The Baron Cloak and Suit House. 762
Market street. . ¦ •
« ? ¦
Sheriff Makes Appointments.
Sheriff Curtis yesterday .announced
the appointment of J.. J. Furey and
Edward Kenney as deputies and
James T. Johnson and Michael Hea
ney as guards.
Sent Home to His Mother.
Sentence upon Harry Harnish, a boy
that was convicted by a Jury in Judgo
Lawlor's court en a charge of bur
glary, was postponed yesterday and ho
was allowed to go to his mother in
Philadelphia on probation. He was
convicted of entering a drug store at
8 Turk street, where he had formerly
been employed, and stealing 1 some arti
cles of trifling value. J. C. Astredo
of the Cathedral Hall Mission of. the
Good Samaritan in Philadelphia will
take charge of the case and will re
port to the Judge from time to time as
to the boy's behavior.
Boy Skips With Shoes.
Three boys entered the store of Mrs.
Ellen CVBrien. 1441 Market street, on
Friday evening and one of them said
he wanted to-*>uy a pair of shoes. . Ha
got a pair to try on, and ran out of tha
store with them, followed by the other
boys. Mrs. O'Brien reported the matter
to the police yesterday, givin? a de
scription of the boy.
King Bros.' book store, 3 Fourth st.
has removed to a larger stora at 87.
Fourth st. Books bought and sold •
Ethiopia bought $347,000 worth of cot
ton goods from the United States last
year.
She and John have "clamb the hill
thegither" for twenty-three years, but
they, will not go down hand In hand.
They built up a prosperous grocery
business at 1300 Sanchez street— fateful
number!— and then they quarreled. The
property has been divided and the old
man has gone his separate way. So
deep was the chasm between the old
couple that even the honeyed advice of
the Judge failed to bring them together
again. The charge aginst the husband
was dismissed.
Mrs. John Nation secured the ear of
Judge Cabaniss yesterday in order to
request that the charge of threats
against life preferred by her against
her husband might be dismissed. She
didn't really get the ear, but merely
held it for a time.
i: D. Fitzgerald, 1744 Mission street,
reported the disappearnce of his bay
pony, vauled at $35. It was locked up
in the barn on Thursday night, and on
Friday morning the barn door and rear
gate Ayere open and the pony gone. .
Philip Adamy, lcOS Seventeenth avenue
South, reported to the police yesterday
that one of his milch cows, valued at
$50 had been . stolen. The cow was
staked- cut in front of Adamy's house
on Thursday Yiight, and was not there
Friday morning.- ¦ * V ¦
Cow and a Pony Stolen.
Whop she appeared before Judge Mo
gan for the second time yesterday she
said that all she asked was Justice, and
she demanded "a change of Venus."
The Judee refused it as a matter of
jurisdiction. He admitted that he often
took charge of the North star on rainy
niphts iind occasionally dusted off the
Southern Cross when the constellation
ws/i dirty with comet dust, but he posi
tively declined to order a "change of
Venus." He was afraid it might throw
'.he planetary system out of gear.
Se>:orita Henry and her woe went
back to the City Prison, and a further
hearing of the case will occur Tuesday.
Theresa Henry has a grievance
against \V. F. Whittler, senior mem
ber of the firm of Whittier. Coburn &
Co. Once before she was arrested for
disturbing the peace of the firm at IS
Fremont street ' She was told by Judsre
Mogan never to go near the establish
ment acain and was dismissed. Friday
night she went to the Whittier resi
dence, at Laguna ar^ Jacksc-n streets,
and lifted up her voice. The neigh
borhood clung to the window ledges
and the lintels to hear her tale of woe.'
until a patrolman came along and
moved tho woman and her . strident
voice -to the City Prison.
Chaired With Cruelty to Child.
Herman Everding, a shoemaker at
TTi6 Howard street,* was arrested yes
:• rday by Orticer \\*. H. Young: of the
California Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children on a Warrant
1 iiarging K'm with ruelty to a minor
1 hild. It is alleged that Everjding
1 in Sunday night heat and kicked
his son. Herman, "six years of age,
and raised s-urh a row that his wife
ran out of the house with her three
your^ children and took refuge lat the
home of Charles Hill, 248 Clementina
street, where they still are. The boy,
Herman, has the measles and Ever
ding declares he will not pay the doc
tor's bill. Everding has been in sim
ilar trouble before. /
Boy Succumbs to Burns.
James Daly, the six-year-old boy
that was burned at his home, 33 1V4
Fourteenth street, on January 21. died
of his injuries at the City and County
Hospital test night.
Tillie Whiting was a brand plucked
from the burning by Judge Mogan yes
terday. She is 15 years of age, but she
has the appearance and manner of a
girl several years younger. She had the
misfortune to contract a matrimonial
alliance with tt thief, who is now doing
time in the County Jail. From that sad
experience she started on a downward
path, which was. only checked by her
arrest ac a vagrant.
At her first hearing she was defiant
and barely escaped a sentence of im
prisonment. Yesterday her mother was
in court to pfead with and for her.
The girl broke down and sobbed in her
mother's arms until she became hys
terical and had to be removed from
the courtroom. She promised to go
horn" with her mother and be good,
and was discharged. Her stepfather
was in court and promised the Judge
that he would give her a good home
and do all he* could to make her a re
spectable woman in the future. 7 .
Xewroth alleges that they induced
him to- advar.ee S200 on the furniture
contained in a lodging-house at 26 Sev
enth street without acquainting him
with the fact that the same collateral
had previously been plastered with a
mortgage in favor of Gus Miller for
all that it. was worth. It is further
alleged by the prosecution that Miller
is a brother of Castsiftes. and that
many swindles of similar character
have been perpetrated by the two de
fendants in the same manner. A num
ber of other complaints are said to- be
forthcoming. The case was continued
until February 3.
Lewis Xewrt-th. a butcher at 231
Fourth street. Is slowly learning to be
ware of the gift bearing Greeks. He
claims that two of them got to him
for the plump sum of $200. Their names
are Peter Castsiftes and John Gianilos,
and thev were before Judge Mogan
yesterday on felony charges of incum
bering mortgaged property.
It will be plad news to the residents
of the InglesMe district to learn that
the band of Brazilian gypsies that has
infested that suburb for several months
contemplate a Journey to Hawaii. An
nie Joe and Theresa Thomas, two of
the smoked Romany tribe, were In
Judsn Fritz's court yesterday on
charges of- petty -larceny* Judge Ca
baniss presided over the tribunal in the
absence of his brother jurist. Under a
promise from the Romany King-, who
guides the destinies of the tribe, that
in three days this land would be free
from the presence of the gypsy band,
the '.vomen were allowed to fare forth
on the trail..
Archie Burton, John Quinn and John
McCarthy, three precocious criminals,
who two months ago stabbed a grocery
man named Martin Kroger at his place
of business at 600 Second street because
he refused to give them liquor,, were
before Judge Mogan yesterday, on
charges of assault to kill. Kroger lay
at death's door for several weeks as
the result of the knife thrusts he re
ceived in the ahdomen. All three, At
fendants were originally sent to the Ju
venile Court, but were returned be
cause they exceeded the age limit. They
were h^ld to answer to the Superior
Court on the charges in bail of $500
each. V . -
Samuel Sproat. one of the two broth
ers accused of obtaining 560,000 worth
of merchandise from wholesale mer
chants during the time the Sproat Mar
ket was in existence at Seventh and
Market streets, was dismissed yester
day by Judge Cabaniss. The ground
of the dismissal was- that the com
plainant did "not allege facts sufficient
to. constitute a charge of false pre
tense. The special "prosecuting attor
ney admitted that the complaint was
defective and acquiesced in the dis
charge of the defendant, although he
pleaded that the court should take the
matter under advisement to allow the
prosecution to frame a new. complaint.
The Judse stated that if the defend
ant had been released. on ball he would
have been inclined to entertain such
a request, but as Sprc-at had been con
fined in jail pending the hearing of
the case the Judge felt that he could
not consent to deprive the defendant
longer of his liberty. The prosecution
intimated that other complaints against
the defendant would be drawn and
warrants applied for en additional
charges.
L. D. Costa, one of the proprietors
of a cannery in San Jose, who sold
goods to the Sproat Bros, for a pe
riod extending over a year and a half,
Mas the c*nly witness examined. His
testimony signally failed to make a
case against the defendant.
An additional complaint against Ed
ward, Soroat, the- other brother, was
filed "yesterday and Judge Cabaniss
fixed the bail at $1000 cash or 52000
bonds. Later in the day Hproat- de
posited SS5U0. the total amount, of
cash demanded ' of him as bail, and
was released. • -
the cash f pr which was advanced . by
the landlord in the j spirit lof '.&
Samaritan. fi\ . .
{ Davis had an^ attorney, but he in
sisted on conducting his own case.'The
Judge told him that a man that vas
his own lawyer usually had "a fool for
a cllen?." Several times . the defend
ant had to be reprimanded for butting
In \vhen silence would have been
golden. All the landlord wished to do
was»to collect his money, butlt is
doubtful if Judge Mogan will consent
to a peaceable settlement of the affair
after the attitude exhibited by Davis
j yesterday. The case was continued un
til Saturday.
One of the Brothers Accused of ¦ Defrauding
Creditors is Given His Liberty— -Crafty
Greeks Must Answer Felony Charges
OWING TO DEFECTIVE COMPLAINT
SAMUEL SPROAT IS DISCHARGED
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY ''si. 1903.
29
ADVERTISEMENTS
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets actually
dt> the work assigned to them. They re-
lieve weak and overburdened stomacha
of a great portion of digestive action.
Their component parts are g identical 1
with those of the digestive fluids an!
secretions of the stomach and they sim-
ply take ud the grind and carry on
the work Just' the same 9s a good,
strong, healthy stomach, would do it.
On this account Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets are perfectly natural in , their
action and effects. They do not cause
any unnatural or violent , disturbance
in the stomach or. bowels. They them-
selves digest .the j food ¦ and : supply the
system with all the nourishment con-
tained in what is eaten and carry out
nature's plans for the sustenanoe and
maintenance -of the body.
' How much more sensible Is th'.s
method than that employed by many
sufferers from weak stomach. By this
means the body and brain get all the
good, nutritious food they need and the
man is properly nourished and equipped
to carry on his work and perform his
duties. He could not possibly be In
proper working condition by starving
himself or employing some, new fang-
led, insufficient food that does not con-
tain enough nutriment for a year-old
baby. A strong man doing strong work
must be properly fed and this applies
to the brain as well as the body.
.: Stuart's Dyspepsia. Tablets, by re-
lieving" the stomach of Its work/enable
it to recuperate and regain -its normal
health and "strength. Nature repairs
the worn and wasted tissues Just as she
heals and knits the bone of a broken
limb, which is'of course net used dur-
ing the process of "repair.
Stuart's ; Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box
and they are the one article that the
druggist does not . try to sell something
in the place of that's "Just .as good."
Thelr : ,unqualifled merit and success and
the universal demand for them has
placed i them within the reach of every
oibe. ;
Food taken Into the Stomach which,
from the nature of the rood'or the con-
dition of the stomach, is not digested,
is worse than no. food at all. This is a
true statement as far as it goes and a
great many dyspeptics go only this far
with their reasoning. They argue with
themselves that because their stomachs
do not do the work given them, th>vy
must be given less work; in other words
they must be starved. It would be Just
as sensible for a business man who is
ur.abl* to do all his own work to cut
down his business to his own capacity
as it is for a man to starve himself to
relieve his stomach. The sensible busi-
ness man employs help and goes for-
ward with his business. Likewise the
sensible dyspeptic will employ help fur
his stomach and give his .body proper-
nourishment.
Food Katrn Is Worthless Unless Di-
gested— Some Stomachs 3I«st
Have Help.
THEY ACTUALLY •
DO THE WORK
ADVERTISEMENTS.
More Wonderful % s~** | y r^ p r-^
Electro-CbemlG. ;.9U^ *vJ K t
CATARRH of the BRON-
CHIAL TUBES and
• LUNGS CURED, the kind
that quickly runs into
7 1^^^^^ • CONSUA1PTION. Read
] ..yV^ M^ • r * a y wa * d ' s testimo-
nial below. RHEUMA-
A W '• TISM and INFLAMMA-
. ; TION of the STOMACH,
R^Sf;ra^ best known real estate
Paralysis oT left leg by Electro-Chera-* „**„
istry. men.
MR. MAVWALD SAYS: "I had suffered from a bad catarrh for a
.ong time. It started in my nose" and throat, and finally got down into
my bronchial tubes and lur^s. I coughed and spit up horrible looking
stuff. I Iom weight and strength, and feared I was- going into consump-
tion. I -pent about all the tnoney I could make for the past few years
drying to get cured. Nothing helped me until I fortunately heard of the
Llectro-Chemic -eatment. About a month" ago I" began the . Electro- •
Chemic treatment, and iv helped me from the very first treatment and
to-day I feel better than I have felt in a long time. My cough is cured.
the pa:ns have left my lung?. . I don't spit up the catarrhal mucus. I
atn strong and can eat well, and jn a few days will go back to work " ? '•
(S'wcV • . PAUL. MAYWALD,
o 1169 Mission St., San Francisco.
- MR COMBELLICK SAYS: "I was greatly troubled with rheuma-
551 int. My ttoniavii. iiver and bowels were in bad condition. I had a
heavy pain constantly in my lower abdomen.. I thought it might
Vt appmchciti*. My general health was greatly affected. I was advised
t to taKe > .«oorsc pf Electro-Chemistry by a business associate who had
been of a s:piilar trotiblc By it.
"KI<-:tro-11>.eitti£try cured me quickly, thoroughly *nd cheaply, and I
«atti gHd *.o rr ;ottmcnd it to others." (Signed)
• # r ,„.. 2 r~ ih R W - COMBELLICK,
(Vv:th G. W/Schweinhard) io^i Market St.; S. F.
ELECTRO CHEMIC SUCCESS.
.. « We proud of our 5 access. We have built up the largest medical
aiid clerical prarticr in Sag Francisco. We have done this in le«s than
, two \ea!.-,' time. We have cucomplisi-cd th'is o .wonderful success "simply
v *b?^>use we Lave cured our patients quickly, thoroughly and cheaply
Many -,-ell-known people, b-th men and women, who have been cured
\y on txealmcrtt after ail ether treatments had failed, have been kind
«o us testimonials lof their cures, with full permission to use
i. 'r-hese- «cs'.;mon>al«j publicly. To those who arc interested in our suc-
, «-e-t z<Ad in fact to everybody, we wish id impress upon them the fact
, :'^£t orrs is the oniy Electro-Chcmic Institution on the "Pacific Coa«t
Ihcrr is no other place where the Eleclro^ChcSnic treatment can be
-' s ;id. Our o<"<ir- hi centrally located, at 118 Gramfjave., corner of Post st I
ficjiiembcr. a^scv th.nt consultation, examination and advice . in all cases I
, ( .-.rc frc. Every one i« welcome— nncn, women" and children. *|
.1 Etsctro-Ghemlstry Cures Painlessly and Without Operation;
e '' Cr.tar: h, Tnscmaia, ¦ Byrpepsia.. - Piles. t
Bronchitis, Paralysis, Zndiirestlon, FlstrUa,
O Anthszji. *>• Lcccxnctcr Ataxla. Sebility. Rectal Ulcer*.
Cossusipticii. Cancer. Liver Diieasei. Hcctal Flssnxei, O' : -
X>e4fr©«», nccrs. Cystitis, Special and Nerrom, 7;. ¦
He- a tsoiteu, Turners* Bladder Tronblei, Sii«ates of Women,
Kteumatlsm. Goitre, Eczema, Special Diseases of Men.
Vearalffla. Erlrtf* Diseate, Epilepsy. Acne.
ServontntMK. SUbetes, Palliasr Spells, F««rl«i«,
CQySTJI.TATIOg AJTD gXAMPfATIPg XXI AIJT CASES PBXE.
HOME TREATMENT ELECTRO=CliEMIC
Some of our best cures are accom- * \rr<rxM miTmn
„ pilled by the Electro-Chcmic home IN^TITIITF
treatment. We advise all our outside' pa- llWlllUiL
T£ "^ZZ^lVI^e'tS " 8 O»AHT AVUHITX:. CO*. POST ST.
?.erson a i cxaminmion. When this ?sim- SAX FRANCISCO.
IC> ' tFrit^as a short description of Office hours, 3 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7
fr^iX ' and t fuI1 'nstructions regard- to 8 p. m. dally. Sundays, 10 a.m. to 1
h^ nrn^tn 3 "^ 1 tlo T Rnd -*111 p. m. Separate apartments for ladies
oe prompti} forwarded. and gentlemen. 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WI5EWQRK:MEANS SUCCESS!
¦ / /// I IB Bit... Ilk II. ::ll IIM iife^? January, February and March are good months for
;|^;^^^^^^^^^^= \ home study. Dark comes quickly and the evenings are long,
while the weather outside the doorsill does not tempt one
fo rt h- But inside, with easy thair and slippers and study
/ uf^W^iJ^nn^JlW^^^ lamp, the long, cozy hours of a winter evening invite one to
%>M!mSUmX~l work - ¦¦-,-.
W^nM^iuMlTiTllw^^^i Then comes the question: What is best to do?
sg^^^a^^^^^^J The Encyclopaedia Britannica
I Wil * answer this 'question for you. It has no less than 73
¦ courses of reading and study planned to meet every need.
UE^jlMiil^Jl^l^JL-JUli^S { ¦ ou canr *ot mention a single subject about which men talk
or think that doesn't receive attention in this king of refer-
1 ills x If u, T£ff(l*L> 1 T uJ\ IHee= i ence works.
\^^^^^^^^^^^^^^g^ And it. gives not only the tools, but the material. Every
Sffffj lu^uMd^U^^]^^]. trade, every science, every profession is laid bare for you.
iif^^y e knowledge of the world is summed up and placed at
It! ' nM ell uifwu~ : Wl T^^A yourelbow.- • ,'¦- :¦'¦_'] ¦_[ :-o : '
With these thirty-one splendid volumes, representing
ffl^lWW^l If^/w/rani^l an out^ a y °^ over three millions of dollars, the winter nights
g^^g;^g^F^^J^;^^_^A will be full of pleasurable reading and intelligent study.
And wise work means success !
If^^^^^^t^ A Home University.
ixMBiilt IF fe/PS^l BRITANNICA has a corps of specialists far outnumber-
j m g the combined faculties of the great colleges to-day. Ev-
lL&ilimh&( ( uiidi^^ k ery.article\vas prepared by an authority. No less than fifty-
two of these articles have been separately printed in text-
' T±]I^If^\ l(Mf^^ L book form. Yet they are but incidents among 25,000 teeming
¦M^^^^^^L^ The Reading Courses
J/f^^JfW^jf^^J^ V^UlPm&^^\ Contain topics which will interest every member of the family.
Ill 4c|/g g. l&\ &l 1 A-, ¦ — U - \ li Do you like History? Every people since the dispersion on
M ij=§^=:Eli I \ Shinar is chronicled.
111) . ITHm} jSIJsiII <l, II umW^ V- y° u en i°y Biography? The life stories of all the world's
%ap^^^ jW4W^s=T^l^ /fi^^[ Do you wish to follow up Games, Sports and Pastimes? The
Im y IMUlix [Miff [f |[f/ff I young people will find a department of special interest for them. : .
t^^^^MP^i^^S5^Mp^^^/ Or. perhaps, you want to do practical study in chemistry, or
Wuiilt^=}rillMr^- V carpentry, or iron working? Consult BRITANNICA! J. :1 !>
Rpfc : gg 11 Jk [m{[ : Tr Kil " 1 0ka^} T^" s wondcrf" 1 Encyclopaedia has been the standard for so long
TW^nfS&f^u^^^^FHWn^^K l^ at one neec * not commend it — save to tell how it will be found of
UlLizJ{MM(( X-i(^l((*-(f fllllLi f^ Ja ' scrv i ce - ** ut a special point to emphasize is that it may now be
WuMlliFiliinMfiW^i /pec Than Half Price!
1 / And on <?asy monthly paympnts! This means thp latest, newest Twentieth
)// llW^'Il 7/ in 1 \ Century Edition in a special bookcase — a magnificent equipment with
djl^. IMm^ I A f I *f f If / f (I III -05$ • which to start the new year.
-^Jft ~ Rest send in the Inquiry Coupon for particulars at or.oe. Do not d«?-
fiT~*frfr Svn ' i }}^^ i i~ J )Y' = *? i rWYr^^ \ lay about <loins a sroo.l thingr. Cut out the coupon Now. before you lay
Pll^^^fn Price Soon to Advance.
ill 4- (iM§H'±> ((&/(( 4' II II fill lUP -*3 On account of the Increased cost of materials and labor, the prlea of
E&arUtS^ ~3}afea \-£j.\ \ lliUH^^^^T this Encyclopaedia mu.'.t b- R^ivanced at an parly date. \\> have. hnw«v»r.
ITT^^ls^W^^i^^^i^Mffii^s \ arranged that this increase in price shall not go h-.to pffect until the pr»s-
I jlj > I&WJI (l = sl( Jl llfill 1^^ s£2 ent P rlntlr| o ls exhausted. - • ; - ; T*~* i
fetfeB^^lp^l What the Coupon Does.
(Hi Iff*)' r...T'^' "ffiTfegS yik The free Inquiry Coupon. If nsed promptly, will brlnjr you handsora#
r MV^ r J^^iSS^^' specimen papes and full particulars, and will entitle you to th» special
' yferdMi! ffHBBir<Ji '-U Jl : :^BS^&Wn^P^ . price and to a bookcase made for the Encyclopaedia.
nr^7tWffi*M£fflwM*&^M llj& A But it should be sent at once.
M|^^^ffl^^f WHAT.SSA.DOF.T: ,
wSs»JE|npaK^^^fl2EnpftBjK \ "It is without a pe«r In tlu> whole noble army of *ncyclopae-
M^jS^^SSSmf^^i^S^^f dias"— LYMAN ABBOTT. D. D. • „
i^^W0^mfffT!&l^^^^\^!^^[^^==. "The Eneyclopaedia Britannica is the king of Its tribe."-"
e^^iiPSSFSSS^i^^EfifeS^ JE= PROF. DAVID SWING.
fill f^^^t^m^^^MWM^e-- '¦¦ s4^^^=- '"If all other Ixxiks were destroyed, th- Bibl^ oxcepted. tha
world would lose but little Information." — 3PURGEON.
BSii^» BOOKCASE FREE
j a limited number of Bookcaiea will be ffivea free of charya to
i-7^!^5^!ilfei!ki£AVi^^*:^py^^iri_ • ' San rrancisco Call readers who respond promptly. Tlia Coupon
f^^y^^j^^:^ . :^^.u::.j^jH^j^^==^r- below will l>fl known as tha Bookcase Coupon and shoaM bo
3J Passive Volumes. J^CuiCOiit and Mail This Coupon To-Day
Weight Over 2 30 LbS. ' For Particulars o? Our Great Offer to Call Readers.
- ¦- ¦ **£% ~T - 1—31 — 0*.
31 Volumes In All. * -»-._• « • at ' --->
. 25 volumes Ninth Edition. ' \ The American Newspaper Association.
5. Volumes American Ar'.ditlons. ) Parrott Building.' San Francisco. CaL
1 Volume Guide to Systematic i^-S-Vv "7 ' Z T '¦ .
Readings of the whole work. - Please send me Iree or charge sample pages and full
™ — —* particulars of your Encyclopaedia offer (Bookcase Cou-
$\j^; Secures This Entire Set mmmmmm^^ pon).
1 New 20th Century Edition Name , -..Street
I Jt ou thrra?e a V h o e niy al i a « n c C I Town County .....' State
day for a short time. SAN FRANCISCO CALL BUREAU
LOWER ¦
mamm^ ma "^& To-morrow we will begin the fifth ¦^^¦¦^¦¦i
week of the most • remarkable shoe
sale ever held in San Francisco. Re- '¦ . .
[ markablc because the prices have been ';,
a^ M ™*5 BMi so low tnat the people have come in ¦"<BP"""»aB
throngs— not only from the city, but
from all the surrounding towns, and
carried them away three or four pairs £
f^E&BXBMxamam at a time. . ihubh hut— man
$60,000 Worth Sold in Four Weeks.
$140,000 Worth More to Sell.
And to hurry them out we will
:r.ake this the banner week of the sale
for bargains.
YOUTHS* AND BOYS' CHILD'S AMD MISSES*
Solid School Shoes, as low as Box calf or Vici Kid School
__„ i'-j, .. M • -, .Shoes, sewed soles, stitched edecs,
90c and $1.00 a p«,:r. QQe and $J a pa - r
All siies. L sizes.
HIGH-GRADE SHOES FOR MEN AND WOMEN
AT SPECIAL BARGAIN PRICES
ALL SIZES--A"LL WIDTHS. •
SHORT LINES of $5.00, $6.00 and. $7.00 shoes on the
bargain counters this week for 50c, 75c and $1.00 a pair.
R. r. Nolan, president of No 'an Bros. Shoe Co., is retiring
frcm b siness.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
NOLAN BROS.
PHELAN BUILDING 812,8I4 MARKET STREET
rntLHii uuiluiiiu g.ir O'FARRELL STREET
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AD'JERTISEME^rra.
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiii
! DON'T FAIL [
a to Take Advantage of Our b
m First Anniversary S
||25^REDUGT10NSAm1
B BP88B _ r. ".'!•-^" --¦•- -.y.', > .. • IE£iHI B
a ¦""¦ FurnitfireVpraperies, n
b Stoves,* Ranges, Pictures, |
§ Ornaments, Etc. g
[ EASTERN OUTFITUNG CO. j
I 132O-1328 Stockton St. gSpecial » information supplied. 'daily to
business houses and -public men 'by th«
Press. Clipping Bureau (Allen a), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone > Main i(M3. • - •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles 50c . a pound, to . artistic flrc
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 71a Market st. above Cr.H bldg. •
An election campaign is on in Cuba and the relative
merits of political opponents have. been exploited atCienJ
fuegos in the howling of mobs and the diverting-violence
of bloodless riots. • There is always something intensely
interesting in the naively explosive expression of liberty
invariably., chosen, by people reveling in new found self-""
government. , . What ; they, need is " a "boss" and a .."sack,'*'
and out of chaos will come order as if by magic
At ¦ an evangelistic service at Glas
gow the other day the preacher atthe
end of his address cried: "JCow, all
you good people who mean to go to
heaven with me, stand" up!" With a
surge of enthusiasm' the - audience
sprang to their feet — all but an old
Scotchman in- the . front row, 'who sat
still." The horrified- evangelist* wrung
his hands, and, addressing him, said:
"My good man, my good man, don't
you want to go to heaven?", Clear and
deliberate. «une the', answer:. ;"Aye.'
Awm gangin*. but no'wi'-a palrsonally
conducted •• palrty."— St. James Ga-
Exclusive.
THE GREAT REPUBLIC — T. G C
City. The steamer Great Republic
was wrecked on Sand Island April 10
1879, while on the voyage from San
Francisco to Portland. Sand Island is
about five miles inside of the Columbia
River bar. The vessel had at the 5me
579 passengers and 92 oflicers and
crew. In getting the passengers ofT
the last boat to leave the ship was
capsized and the first and second offi
cers, boatswain, carpenter and ten
men were drowned.
The University of has made another appeal
foY better consideration than that already -outlined for it
at the St. Louis Exposition. Every citizen of. the -State
should feel a personal interest in this demand. It should
be the. duty of everyone that wishes well for California
to see that this institution at Berkeley, the capstone; or
our structure of civilization, must receive recognition and
representation worthyVof itself.
FORAKER— A. S.. City. Joseph B.
Foraker did serve in the Civil War.
He enlisted In the Eighty-ninth Ohio
Infantry at the age of ,16, served
throughout the war with the Army of
the Cumberland, was brevetted captain
for service in the North Carolina, and
Georgia campaigns, and when mustered
out was aide-de-camp to General
Henry W. SlocUm.
AT Jhe annual dinner of the Actors' Benevolent
Fund, recently held in London, something of a
sensation was causer' by the address of Beerbohm
Tree, who intimated the possibility of an open rupture
between the theaters and the music halls. Mr. Tree
announced m that he . has " no, objection to the music hall
when it maintains its place, but that he does object very
strongly to what he called the "musichallization of, the
drama." He went on to add that there is ample room
and r support in Great Britain for both the theater and
the music hall, but that unless the aggressions of the
music halls were checked the drama would be degraded
and the legitimate stage. reduced to bankruptcy.
In reporting that portion Tof the address iii which IMr"
Tree described the, relations existing between the' music
hall and the theater, the Daily; News quotes him as
saying: "
"The existing law, passed in 1843, gave to the theater
the right to present stage plays, as it gave to music halls
¦the -right to a general entertainment at which smoking
and drinking, and in : some cases: promenading,. were per
mitted in the auditorium. iThis'law nobody had attempt
ed to alter. It had been widely, stated that an f arrange
ment- had 'been, come, to between' theater and music-hall
The dragnet of the . investigation of alleged postal
frauds has landed another big prize in the person of
United States Senator Burton of Kansas, who is accused 1
of offenses serious and varied. The natural sensation
created by' Burton's arrest is greatly modified by the fact
that in this inquiry particularly accusation is not con
viction.
THE BRITISH DRAMA.
General Sir Frederick Lugard. King
Edward's Governor, General of Nigeria,
a huge dependency in the west of Af
rica, nearly the. size. of all Europe, has
excited the ire of missionary societies In
England by issuing a / decree strictly
forbidding the inauguration of any
missionary enterprise into the great
sultanate of Kano, which he has recent
ly, added to the British empire. The
people of Kano are the most fanatical
of all Mohammedan populations, and it
is perfectly certain that serious trouble
would arise were they to hear abuse
and ridicule hurled at the Koran and at
their; faith generally by missionaries
whose zeal outruns their, discretion. Sir
Frederick takes the ground that the
country must first be allowed to grow
accustomed to British administration
and to ¦ the fact that the latter in its
non-Christian dependencies holds rig
idly aloof from all/proselyting methods.
Moreover, like many others who have
experience ; of semi-barbarous" people, he
is of the opinion that" Mohammedanism
in supplanting .paganism' prepares the
way for;- the gradual Introduction • of
"Christian! ty; and instills Jnto the heath
en mind* the • first principles "of civiliza
i tion. It may be remembered that "Lord
Wise Laws.
SIGNS OF THE MOON— Subscriber.
City. According to Hershel's weather
table if the new moon, first quarter,
full moon or last quarter, happens be
tween midnight and 4 o'clock in the
morning it is an indication of fair
weather In summer and of frost in
wnter unless there be a southwest
wind.
The union ferry building will typify to the world at
.St. Louis the activities of San Francisco. It will doubt
less be an imposing and thoroughly characteristic dis
play, but the Commissioners having it in charge have,
with admirable discretion and a sense of the' fitness of
things, made no provision for the newsstand/
CIPOLIN MARBLE — Subscriber.
Oakland, Cal. Clpolin marble is an
Italian marble of white color mixed
with pale greenish shadlngs. It is co
called because its. veins, like those of
the onion, consists of different strata,
one lying upon the other.
It is probable that there willalways
be a limited market, but it must be
handled as a specialized business, be
cause cheaper substitutes are staples.
Therefore in some respects the maple
product Is a luxury and will probably
always remain so. Small fancy cakes,
attractively bottled Eyrup (reasonably
thick) will always be appreciated and
paid 'for "by a class of consumers who
recognize a pure flavor and a healthy
pi-oduct. *•
Maple sugar making as an industry
is on the wane, says Country Life in
America. It has been supplanted
in the home by the granulated sugar
of beet and cane. As a regular de
partment of farm labor it is dying out
also. Formerly it was made pri
marily for home use,. the surplus be
ing sold or traded at the village store
Now It Is commerce first and home
use second. The work of making su
gar Is still! interesting but more ar
duous. The sugar-maker of > to-day
cannot hope for success without using
strictly modern methods, which in
volve considerable outlays for new ap
pliances.
Ma pie Sugar Making. *
BACK DA'TES— E. G.; City. May SO.
1S73, fell on Friday. The 17th of March,
1872, fell on a Sunday.
'Answers to Queries.
JEWISH NEW YEAR— C. G., City.
This year the Jewish New Tear will
fall on September 10.
The London Daily Mail reports a
lecture by a scientist in which some in
teresting facts upon animal heredity
were adduced. It says:
"Professor Ray Lankestcr, In his con
cluding lecture on extinct animals at
the Royal Institution on Saturday,
demonstrated how erroneous it is to
suppose that living animals are on the
whole smaller in size than their extinct
predecessors were.
"In the miocene strata remains had
been unearthed which proved that at
one time there existed elephants as
small as a Shetland pony or a New
foundland dog. The horses of the pres
ent day, too, especially the great Flem
ish dray horses, were of far greater size
than _ any 'fossil horses* of which we
had information.
"In former ages sharks attained Im
mense proportions. Some teeth of one
of these monsters were exhibited in
contrast with the teeth of a shark
known to measure thirty feet long, and
whose mouth' is two feet across. The
fossil teetH* were four or five times as
large, and judging from this compari
son and other circumstances .. natural
ists'are of opinion that the. extinct
shark must have measured eighty feet
long and have been capable of taking
three or four persons Into its mouth
at once."
Progressive Heredity.
It has been estimated that ultimately
sixty to one hundred million acres,
which are now worth perhaps "50 cents
an acre, will be converted by irriga
tion into farming and orchard land
wcrth from $50 to $500 per acre. The
law carefully provides that this shill
be sold in small lots to actual settlers,
so as to accomplish the main purpose of
the whole work— homes, for our rapldly
incrcasing population and opportunity
for the young men and the children
equivalent to that which the older gen
erations enjoyed.— Booklovers* Maga
zine.
Though so recently established .the
reclamation service undertaken by the
Geological Survey in the barren lands
has already begun the construction of
certain large dams, and has under con
sideration among other projects a six
mile tunnel for diverting the Gunnison
River in Colorado, so that the waters
may be used _ In irrigation.. In the
planning and carrying out of these
great works the officers of the service
will have unexampled professional op
portunities, not only because of the- size
of the works themselves, but on ac
count of the freedom given the en
gineers in planning a"nd building them.
The supervising engineer will report to
a board of consulting engineers, each of
whom is thoroughly familiar with the
difficulties of such work,' instead of hav
ing to win, as in private work, the ap
proval of a board of directors largely
unfamiliar with his difficulties and con
cerned mainly with completing the
work at the lowest possible cost.
Irrigation Plans.
" 'If they would only give up those
foolisli habits there would be no late
comers disturbing the audience,' was
her opinion. The general idea seemed
to be that men's laziness was the
cause of most of the trouble."
"'Ladies only wear their hats at
matinees, and there is every excuse
for dofng so then. Women do not ob
ject, for we all know how hard it is
to part from our millinery. Men have
no reason for elevating the hat ques
tion into a grievance.
" 'The passing in and out of men be
tween the acts," Insisted another lady.
'Is the, cause of much harm. Our
dresses are torn, our toes trodden upon
and our tempers tried. Besides, many
men «..o not return until the curtain ia
up, and then their entrance is heralded
by an atmosphere of tobacco smoke.'
"Another defender of her own sex
advanced as the reason for always ar
riving after the beginning of a per
formance man's selfish insistence on
waiting for coffee and cigarettes after
dinner.
'"As a set-off to the attacks that aro
constantly being directed against ladies
for wearing hats in theaters, some
prominent members of more than one
ladies' club favor the idea of calling
p:b~- attention to men's rudeness at
places of amusement," says the London
Daily Mail.
" 'If men would only analyze their
own conduct in theaters and at con
certs,' said a lady at a Dover-street
club yesterday, 'they might be more
tolerant in the matter of millinery, and
quickly discover that going out to the
saloo 1 and smoking rooms after each
act of a play causes much Inconven
ience.
Lazvs for Men.
this respect."
- "Nowhere in the United States have
experiments with the growth" of euca
lyptus trees been carried to such an ex
tent as in the little valleys along the
stretch of the Pacific coast. The euca
lyptus, be it known, is the tree which
some scientists say is destined to save
the world from a famine of wood.
Those who are familiar with the tree's
growing records in that district are
confident in its ability to perform that
feat if it should ever be called upon to
do so, which is not probable.
"One Elhvood Cooper, who owns a
big ranch a few miles north of Santa
Barbara, was one of the pioneers in
this experimenting. His first plantations
were set out twenty-five years ago.
Some of the groves have been cut
down three or four times and are again
high in the air. Trees which have been
permitted to grow for the entire quar
ter century are as large as oaks whose
rings show them to .be more than 300
•years old. In* other words, the euca
lyptus grows twelve times as fast as
the oak, and, in fact, there is hardly a
tree that it does not put to shame in
The London Westminster Gazette
looks to our California 'encalyptus to
prevent a famine of wood. Says the
Gazette:
Our Eucalyptus.
What can be done in that way in North Carolina can,
of course, be surpassed in California; it is therefore to
be hoped the industry will be taken up extensively by
persons who have sufficient patience and skill to estab
lish it on a profitable! basis.
a RECENT report from the North Carolina agri-
Z\ cultural experiment station says: "Public interest
¦*¦ *• in the " revival of silk growing in the United
States continues unabated. Substantial progress has
been made during the year just closed and prospects
are good, for an increased output of silk cocoons this
spring. Silk growing associations are being formed ini
many States, and public schools are introducing the
study into their system." The report then goes on to
give a brief review of the latest formed associations and
enterprises undertaken for silk culture in the various
States, and concludes by saying: "Silk culture in America
has come to stay."
In this widespread movement California, of course,
has a part, though up to this time it is by no means a
great one. It is in fact so small that in the report under
review it is 1 summed up in the brief statement: "In Cali
fornia, the industry is centered about /San Diego, where
there are quite a number interested." While that state
ment does not do full justice to what is undertaken here,
it is still fairly accurate; for as yet we have not taken
in this industry anything like the interest it merits. That
reproach, however, will not long be ours. Some of our
foremost and most successful business men" are engaged
ill working out plans for establishing the silk industry in
California on a scale of considerable magnitude, so that
within a short time all reports of the progress of Ameri
can silk cultivation will have to give us a good deal
more than a short sentence like the one quoted.
At present the people of the Southern "States, aided
by. the General Government, are doing more to promote
the silk industry than those of any other section. What
is reported to be a very successful experiment is operated
by the Tallulah Falls Company in Georgia and the
plant is being increased. Concerning the advantages of
the industry the report says: "When carried on as a
household industry to occupy spare time of the women,
children and aged or feeble members of the family, silk
growing, cannot fail to "fill an important place in our
social economy. It will furnish useful and remunerated
employment for labor otherwise unproductive. It will
add to the comforts and happiness of the aged and
young and poorer classes of our population. It r will
make country life more bearable. to the young of both
sexes who now look even to life in the factory, towns
as a relief fronv,the hardships of the farm. Silk reels
and silk weaving mills must necessarily follow the es
tablishment of silk farms, and the State which fosters
silk. growing will in the end secure a bountiful reward
in generaUprosperity. North Carolina, can easily and
without detracting from any profitable industry already
established add to the wealth produced in the State
not less than $6,000,000 annually. This is a sum worth
striving for." ' ' u
AMERICAN SILK CULTURE.
Hardly a day passes but new and 'wondrous powers
are attributed to radium by the scientific world, grown
suddenly and strangely radical. Revelations, weird and
fabulous, are to be wrought by this marvelous element,
but the laymen stare and wonder. The. inevitable "if"
is there hidden in the stubborn fact that neither revolu
tion nor miracle is more than potentially possible, be
cause there is not radium enough in the world to work
either.
They have wakened the Goddess of War;
She is chanting her chant of strife.
And it echoes afar where the soldiers
are,
Tn the scream of the piercing flfo.
She has lighted her flaming torch -.- »i>;
And her banner has been unfurled.
And the humming thrum of her calling
drum
Is throbbing across the world.
. — Chicago Tribune.
men
Is white as the light of dawn;
She knows that the call has com*
That bids her go forth and slay
Till her sister. Peace, bids th» Wlllaf
cease
And the armor be put away.
And she cries to the men on the deep
That they redden the sullen sea;
And to those in camp to arise and tramp
To the place where the foemen be.
She is deaf to the stifled sob;
Khe is blind to the falling tear.
For the saber clash and the cannon
crash.
Make the anthem she -would hear.
They have wakened the Goddess of War,
And her banner has been unfurled,
And the humming thrum of her caJlin«
drum •
la throbbing across the world.
She has lighted her flaming torch.
And she peers with a face raoss
wreathed,
Whila her trumpet's blare Is upon th«
air;
Her sword she has half unsheathed.
She Is rising, full ready and t>roud:
She Is sounding her shrill alarms.
And the swift drumbeat times th« rush
ing feet
That answer her call to arms.
She is rising, her eyes ablaze;
She is setting her aword arm fre«.
And her strident son? will so swift and
strong
And sweep over land and sea.
She is laughing: her terrible laugX
And is girding her armor on.
For she knows again that tho wrath ex
War's 'Awakening.
But wh>t to do with the baby ele
phant no\**lhat we had caught him
was the question. At first a stretcher
was made to carry him, but he was too
heavy to move. "We then tied a rope
around his neck and one to each .of
hi« legs, and led him without much
difficulty. .We had not gone 200 yards
I changed my position to shoot her
on the other side, when. I discovered
a young elephant standing near. He
did not see me and began in a pathetic
way to touch his mother's head as If
trying to awake her. It was a touch
ing sight; but sentiment had to be put
under in the , name of expediency.
Knowing that Jie who hesitates is lost,
I made a sudden charge right under
the mother's proboscis and grabbed
the youngster by the fore leg. I twisted
myself around it and held on like grim
death. He ran through the bush,
squealing and kicking, dragging me
after him. I thought every moment
that the entire herd would come back,
or that the mother would get up and
<-ome after me. But none of these
things happened; so we wrestled to
gether for a long time, my cowardly
men running off and standing at a
safe distance to witness the outcome
of the struggle. By threatening them
with condign punishment,' and tempt
ing them with a bis reward,, they, at
length drew near and proffered assist
ance. Exerting all my power,* I suc
ceeded in throwing my antagonist on
his Bide The natives then took hold
of him. The first one caught him by
the tail while standing off as far as
possible: others, becoming bolder,
•taught him by the legs. In short no
tice a rope was made from vines grow
ing in the bush, and the young rascal
was firmly tied.
BT WIXAXAM STAMPS CH*tRRT.
(Afrtt*B Trawler. Explorer aad B!«r Okm
Hunt«r.J
Cepyrlffct. 190*. by Joseph B. BowlM.
One of my most fondly cherished
hopes before going to Central Africa
Tvas that I might be able to do some
thing in the way of domesticating the
elephant. To this subject I gave a
great deal of study. The elephant Is
specially adapted as a beast of burden
to this tropical climate in which the
horse cannot live on account of the
t»etse fly. It is well known that the
elephant was in ancient times domesti
cated by the Carthaginians, who em
ployed It in their wars with Rome.
When Hannibal crossed the Alps part
of his army n as mounted upon African
elephants.
Elephants are easily corraled, being
so suspicious of the slightest fence that
they will often keep examining it for
hours before breaking through. Then
they can be trapped by digging pits in
their paths. Some of their paths are
worn down six or eight inches, and they
appear to have been used for ages.
The proverb runs. "First catch your
neh and then fry him." In this case
the difficulty is not in the catching,
but in what comes afterward, but there
iE no difficulty that nerve, tact and
patience cannot overcome.-
The natives ha\e a simple and in
genious device for trapping the ele
phant. AH over Africa are" elephant
pitfalls cunningly covered with brush
in such a way as to look like solid
ground. They are a source of exceed
ing trouble and danger to' the traveler.
These pitfalls are seven or eight feet
deep, nine feet long and four feet wide
at the top, the sides sloping to about
two feet at the bottom. When the ele
phant falls into one of these traps his
body wedges between the sloping sides
before his feet touch bottom. He finds
himself caught in a vise, and the more
he struggles the deeper he sinks and
ihc more lirmly he is held. The na
tives trap the elephant for the purpose
of killinc him; it was my scheme to
trap him for the purpose of catching
him alive. Among the articles included
in my original equipment taken -from
England were chains and ropes and
pulleys to be used for this purpose, and
when these were lost in transportation
from Matadi to Leopoldsville a new
supply ¦was secured at Brazzaville.
They were found, however, to be un
usable, and had to be abandoned. They
«:ere too heavy to carry around by one
who had to travel with a small com
pany of men. Besides, without the help
of some white companions, it •would
have been impossible to bring them into
service. The dread which the natives
have of the elephant v.ould not have
allowed them to come Into such close
quarters with him as the manipulation
of that gear would have required.;
Clearly some other method ha . to be
adopted to carry out this pet project.
' *e new method consisted of catching
the elephant when young and training
him up in the way he should go. I
have inis entry in my journal: On
May 21, 1898, 1 captured my first ele
phant. He was an interesting speci
men. On the morning of that eventful
day I ran into a herd or seven or eight
olephants, among which were several
females with young ones by their sides.
It was difficult to get at the right num
ber, as they were moving about in the
bush. I followed them for two or three
hours before getting a shot. Several
times I was in their midst, but they
always started off before I got in sight
of a front Jeg or -eye. I had my Email
bore gun with me and had to be care
ful. At noon the herd began to feed,
and in watching them for a short time
I caught the reflection of a pair of big
tusks, but as their owner was in the
bush I had to guess at the position of
the eye. I took my chance, but the ball
missed the brain, and he ran away
fuming and protesting. A little while
after another came into view nearly at
the same spot. I thought at first that
the wounded elephant had come back.
This time I could see the eye and I hit
the mark exactly. The beast fell upon
her knees and looked like the picture
one has seen of an Indian elephant
crouching to be mounted by his rider!
Her head was swinging like a pendu
lum, her eyes were open and her trunk
lay on the ground. I fired six or seven
shots, every one of them finding its
mark, but, still the head kept swinging
from side to side as if m anger. I
could not understand, how a brain
could stand such a bombardment, and
began to think that it must be made of
cast iron.
Tame Elephants.
.Cromer and Lord Kitchener took ths
same view with the Soudan after its re
conquest from the Mahdi. and that in
India the British Government not only
protects but also honors the Moham
medan faith, according to it the same
respect that It shows to other creeds.
FOR some time past several English clergymen and
others of social influence. in London have shown a
disposition to offensively criticize American
women. It is said that a ca£d, a female cabal, at that,
has been formed to make American duchesses feel the in
ability of their nativity and taste the discomforts of so
cial Coventry. They have been offensively spoken of as
"imported persd'nsJ^ and one- clergyman has lamented
their presence and their interference between husband
and wife.® - 1 ,
Taken upon its face this charge requires a bill of par
ticulars, for, irP this country, we are unaware that any of
the American ladies married to English titles has ever
appeared ?s co-respondent !a an English divorce cise, or
been chargedlwith incontinent conduct. Perhaps the
charge rjQanscJhat these ladies, by marrying titled Eng
lishmen, have intenered between them 'and the English
ladies who would have liked them for 'wusbands. \Vhile
that is likely to happen in any, marriage, between gentle
or simple, it is a matter not adjudicable, and cannot even
be pleaded in a social contest, for motives of delicacy
which are obvious. . : .. . frv 1
#
The raid upon our countrywomen expatriated by mar
riage seems to have been incited by the marriage of the
Duke of Roxburghe arid Miss Goelet. That all&ifce was
far less .offensive to American scniini@it than many
others that have taken place. The motives of the Duke
surely were not mercenary, since his largeQ:state and for
tune equal and perhaps exceed, the fortuneO-of the
Duchess. Gallantry requires that we .assume that the
motive of the lady was not to secure a title, but that she
preferred the Duke for the personal reasons which make
affection the motive for marriage with nearly all Amer
ican women. • '
Some of these marriages have gained a title only to
the Americans. The successor to John Churchill, heir to
a title and estate that were derived from the favoritism
of Queen Anne and some luck at Blenheim and Ramillics,
found himself the victim of the profligacy of his imme
diate ancestors, who had incumbcred the estate and sold
its priceless heirlooms, and art 'collections at auction.
As far as known the young man himself is a well
behaved and unobjectionable youth. But he found the
Vanderbilt fortune useful in* completing the rehabilita
tion of the family estate, which had, been begun with the
wealth of another American, Mrs. Hammersley, the wife
of his predecessor as head of the family.
We are. in the habit of deprecating these titled mar
riages by our countrywomen, but' they are our country
women still, and there is a tendency to resent abuse of
them by members of the class into which they have mar
ried. It takes .two to make a marriage, and these hyper
critical Englishmen would better turn their gun's upon
their countrymen who for any reason, but usually to
better their exhausted fortunes, seek American wives.
Our women do not ask Englishmen to marry, them.
.They wait to be asked and consent or refuse, as it is
their exclusive right. If Englishmen will quit asking
them there will be no more accessions to the ranks of
American duchesses.
As far as known our countrywomen sustain them
selves in their new stations. There was a great 'out
break of this anti-American jealousy when Lord Curzon
was appointed Viceroy of India, for it took his American
wife, Miss Leiter of Chicago, to a station next hand to
royalty itself. She appeared at the great durbar at Delhi,
in honor, of the coronation of Edward, as the immediate
representative of the imperial power. '. There were some
ill-timed remarks about the daughter of a pig-sticker,
which she is not, having precedence over the daughters
of a hundred earls who had journeyed to the city of the
Moguls to seethe rajahs ride by on their gold-clad ele
phants. But no one denied that Lady Curzon filled every
requirement of her high position, and queened it as roy
ally as the descendant of any of the barons of Runny
mede.
The fact that really hurts is that our American women
have an initiative, an instinct and an adaptability that
qualify them for any place. Their English sisters arc
slower, less piquant, and fail to make the most of a
.station that is dulled to them because they did not attain
but were born to it. The nobility of England would be
improved by furnishing wives to, our American business
men and artisans. Whatever originality there is in an
Hon. Miss would be brought out as the wife of an/intelli
gent American mechanic, and her daughters would have
the dash of American snap and enterprise which would
fit them for wives of the "nglish nobility. They would
finally give to the noble society of Great Britain a charm
that it has lost by centuries of dull routine and crystal
lized custom;
The American lady is neither vulgar nor ignorant. She
is original, chaste and independent. If she look upon a
coronet with the desire to possess it, among her motives
is the missionary spirit, manifested in the wish to reform
the titled society of Great Britain, which, as far as its
female part is concerned, has not for centuries. given to
letters a respectable, literary character, nor even a new
and good-recipe in cookery
During the candidacy of George Clark
for, Mayor of Sacramento, Rev. Charles
L-Miel of that city was his ardent
supporter and presided at numerous
meetings held in the interest of that
candidate. Shortly after Clark's elec
tion the new Mayor, who is an under
taker, was one day conducting a funeral
at which his friend Mr. Miel officiated
as clergyman. Everything went
smoothly until the ' cemetery was
reached and the service at the - grave
was daily progressing when down the
hill with unsteady tread came a man,
threading his way with evident diffi
culty among the gravestones. When
he reached a point about twenty feet
from the party hy the graveside he
leaned for a moment on a tomb, grave
ly regarded the Mayor and his friend,
and then joyously swinging his hat
shouted: "Hurrah for George Clark!"
Enthused,
Tears ago Vhen the humorous (.)
idiot carried a "chestnut bell" which
he rang whenever an old story was told,
Oakland, was rejoicing over her first
cable road. About that time a certain
story -was current -which had been
copied by every paper rrom Kenne
bunkport to Hueneme. It -was about
a dandy Easterner who, in early days,
attended a ball in & California mining
camp. He was Introduced to a girl
who had Just crossed the plains from
Missouri, and assuming all the airs of
a metropolitan beau he asked her if
he might "have the pleasure of the
next waltz"; whereupon the fair maid
said: "Yes, but ye'll have to dance me
putty keerful, stranger, fer I've Jest
crossed the plains an' I'm chuck full
o' alkali water."
Nearly every man in North America
had heard the story and. there was
therefore an amused twinkle in many
an eye when Captain Badger, an old
time mariner and at that time pro
prietor of "Badger's Park," walked Into
a crowded barber shop on Broadway,
Oakland, and began to tell the yarn as
a personal experience, making himself
the young man of the tale. When he
finished there was absolute silence for
a few seconds and at that opportune
instant the gong of a passing cable car
smote the stillness with a "Ding! ding!"
that sent the crowd into hysterics.
The captain laughed, too. but his was
the sort of merriment with which one
reads a'letter from one's broker when
thfi recipient of the communication is
notified that his side of the market is
all wrong
77k? Chestnut Bell.
AMERICAN DUCHESSES.
My next elephant calf I caught in the
same fashion, using this time a lasso
made of raw hide, which I now carried
with me all the time. He, too.wilted
and died during the weaning process*.
My third and last captive was a very
small calf, which I got when recon
noiterlng a herd of elephants in a
grassy plain covered with ant hills
from fifteen to twenty feet high.' I was
keeping an ant hill between me and
a big tusker so as to get into line with
him. when one of the females of the
herd caught sight of something irfeg
ular in the grass. Her curiosity get
ting the better of her, she came too
close to where I stood in ambush.
When I killed her I found she had a
very young calf, which I caught with
out any trouble, as he stayed by his
dead mother and did not attempt to
run away. I took him to camp, but
had to shoot him a few days after, as
I had nothing with which to feed him,,
and he must soon have starved to
death. He was the only one of the
three of which I got a good photograph.
It was a useles waste of life to exper
iment further, yet I had demonstrated
to my own satisfaction that with
proper appliances. the domestication, of
the elephant is feasible. Elephant
calves about eighteen months old, just
large enough to sleep alone and be in
dependent of their mothers, are the
most suitable with which to work. I
can catch as many Of them as I wish.
The calf does not know how to use his
proboscis, which for some time has
very little strength. He sucks with his
mouth. The tusks are not developed
till later, so that they cannot hurt you
unless they butt you, but with care you
can keep out of their way.
before X could lead him alone. The
camp was five miles distant and we
led him all the way without the least
trouble.
My attention was now given to my
young protege. I offered him thin corn
meal mush mixed with honey, but at
first he would not touch it. But hun
ger is good sauce, and before Ions he
would drink two or three quart bottles
of this pap at a meal. It was not long
before he began to act like a spoiled
child. H» would get mad upon the
slightest provocation. After he had
been with me about four or five days
I would occasionally let him loose, but
he never attempted to run away. He
became almost too familiar. One night
he walked into my tent when I was
asleep and began to poke his proboscis
through my mosquito bar. "When I
looked at him he opened his mouth for
me to give him his bottle, from which
he had learned to .drink without the
aid of a nipple. He became quite tame
and tractable, and would come to me
when I whistled for him. ' \ '. . '
But. alas! my p<at began to show
plans of failing strength. I had no milk
for him, and It was evident that his
corn meal diet did not agree with him.
I tried eggs, but he did not like them,
and when I beat them up 7 into his corn
meal mush he -would not eat it.. I
mashed up sweet potatoes very fine and
mixed them with water, and that he
would hardly. touch.- If I had been pro
vided with condensed milk or with the
infants' foods so much used in the
United States I have raised him.
It was pitiful to see him grow weaker
day by day. until at length he closed
his eyes and went to his mother, to the
place where good elephants go.
While my pet lived the natives came
from far and near to .see him. There
was nothing talked about but "Demba
Crecy" and his baby elephant. I hard
ly knew which was regarded with the
greatest wonder. The natives would
stand afar off with undisguised curios
ity, and. although they were not afraid
of me, they looked as if this elephant
taming business 4 was too audacious to
believe, and asked me what kind of a
fetish I had.
There Spears to be a good deal of justice in the argu
ment of the theater managers, and persons interested in
the maintenance of the best traditions of the stage will
sympathize with thern. Certainly the drama cannot
thrive amid the surroundings of music halls. It must
Qiave a theater of its own if it is to live, and that theater
should not be handicapped by legislation while the com
peting entertainment is left free. Incidentally it may be
noted that it was announced at the dinner that in all
probability a British school of dramatic art would soon
b.c established as a means of promoting the cultivation
of the legitimate drama. The foundation of such a
school would, of course, form a center around which the
classic actors would gather to organize for war against
.the halls. Ifis quite likely, therefore, that the conflict
between the theater and the music hall may be one of
the notable features of London life during the present'
vear.
The unfair element in the situation of which Mr. Tree
complains is that the music hall does not have to f take
out .a dramatic license, arid moreover is permitted to
give with the plays a general entertainment where
smoking, drinking and promenading are permitted. The
theater managers ask to be placed on an equal footing
with their competitors in that respect, saying in the
words of 'Mr. Tree: "If the cry for free trade' in amuse
ments is to be the watchword of legislation, let it be
free trade for the theaters as well as the music halls."
managers, giving to the music hall the right to play
sketches of forty minutes. That was not the fact. There
arc. two points^ to an agreement— firstly, it" must be
made, and secondly, it must be carried out. ' Not only
had the arrangement never been carried out, but it was
never even made, -though I believe it was recom
mended. At the present time almost all the variety
theaters were performing complete stage plays, many of
them occupying as much as an hour, some an hour and
a half. That seemed scarcely fair." ..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALD, ; SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1904.
THE SAJSi FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN.D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor .¦; , s# . :.V. . . . . . Ad(fress^AII Comintmfcatlons to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Offloe 1.. ....... , t-t--, <J^^^^ > ......*..... .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY....;,...............;. ...;..;..;.;.... ..I......:..:..... S.....:.^:.... ;....;.:. JANUARY. 31,. 1904
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
30GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 30.—Wil
liam Bovey died here this morning
from injuries received yesterday. Bo
vey fell from one of hia transfer wag
ons. He was a native of this city and
aged 35 years. He was married enly
a week ago.
Bride of a Week a Widow.
'-TUBA CITY. Jan. 30. — The Women's Im
provement Club organized here this afternoon
as an auxiliary to the local Board of Trade to
Improve the town. Following are tha of fleers:
President. Mrs. J. C. Phipps; first vice presi
dent, Mrs. C. R. Boyd; second vice president.
Mrs. E. G. Van Arsdale; secretary. Mrs. B.
F. Walton: treasurer, Mrs. L. H. Wood worth;
advisory board— Mrs. Mary S. Smith, Mrs. R.
W. Skinner. Mrs. A. G. Bremer, Mrs. Ida
Campbell, Mrs. W. H. Chism.
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. 415 Post street. •
Commencing with to-morrow the
civil actions assigned for hearing to
Department 3 of the. Superior Court,
presided over by Judge Kerrigan, will
be heard bv Judge Troutt.. Judge Ker
rigan will in the future preside over
Department 10. By the change Judge
Kerrigan will become a probate
Judge. The exchange of calendars is
due to the facts that Judge Troutt is
in ill health and Judge Kerrigan de
sires to familiarize himself with pro
bate law.
Judges Exchange Calendars.
First-class tickets between San Francisco
and Los An&ele*. either direction. Including
stop and two days* entertainment at famous
Hotel del Mor.te. only $22; children. $14 60.
Privilege 'of 30 days' stopover. Bathing. boat-
Ing, fishing, driving, riding, automobillni?. eolf
lng. etc. Scenery beautiful and grand. Ask
Southern Pacific ag?nt». *
Two Days at Hotel Del Monte.
United States Local Inspectors
Bolles and Bulger handed down a
decision yesterday suspending for ten
days the license of T. H. Corning,
master of the steamer Maggie, for
having collided with the Key Route
ferry steamer San Jose on November
18 of last year.
Captain Corning is absent from the
city on a sea voyage and 'is expected
here by Sunday or Monday. Hence
the suspension will date from Febru
ary 1. The inspectors in their decis
ion say:
"Upon investigation of the case and
careful consideration of the testimony,
which is contradictory, we are of the
opinion that Captain T. H. Corning
was negligent and unskillful in not
backing the engines of the steamer
Maggie at full speed when he saw the
steamers were coming together; had
he done so It would have lessened the
violence of the blow, or perhaps have
prevented the collision.
"For reason of such negligence and
unskillfulness we have suspended his
license as master and pilot for a pe
riod of ten days from date of Febru
ary 1. 1004."
The steamers received damage to
the extent of $500 each.
Hls IJcense Suspended for Ten Dajs
for Failing to Back Ills Engines
?.'" In Time.
The officers of the Marion will tender
a reception, on Thursday evening, Feb
ruary 26, to the officers of the National
Guard of the State and their ladies.
The affair will be dinreted by Captain
Bauer, Lieutenant Commander Leland,
Lieutenant Alberger, Lieutenant Gian
nlni, Lieutenant McGee, junior grade,
and Ensign Corcoran.
Lieutenant H. P. Smith, junior grade,
recently re-elected in the second divi-
An officers' mess has been formed and
Ensign J. J. Foley was selected to make
all arrangements for the first dinner on
board the Marion next Tuesday even
ing at 6:30 o'clock.
The officers of the naval militia as
signed to duty on board of the U. S. S.
Marion have formed an associaton for
the purpose of regulating affairs ap
pertaining to the wardroom and for the
purpose of maintaining and promoting
the efficiency of the naval militia of
this State. Captain G. X W. Bauer was
elected chairman, Lieutenant C. Schill
ing treasurer and Lieutenant J. A. Mc-
Gee secretary. The chairman appoint
ed Lieutenant Commander T. W. b! Le
land and Lieutenants , T. Harloe and
George Kammerer a committe to draft
a constitution and by-laws to govern
the association. ,7-:'» riio
military duty must be notified through
squad leaders.
The Legislature . having failed to
make certain allowances for the guard,
the company commanders have been
informed that there will not be any al
lowance for uniforms and repairs to
the same, and that full allowances can
not be paid to surgeons in charge of
detachments of sanitary corps on duty
with regiments, nor to the chief sur
geon of the naval .militia. ; v
XAVAIi OFFICERS ORGANIZE.
sion, passed a successful examination
before the board, of which Captain
Bauer is chairman. The examination
was in strict accordance with the reg
ulations in seamanship, navigation, in
fantry and artillery tactics. The bene
fits derived from the course in naviga
tion now being given to the officers of
the militia by Lieutenant J. H. McMil
lan, U. S. N., were apparent on that
occasion.
CAPTAIN* CORXLN'G HELD
BLAMABLE FOR COUJSIOX
LONDON, Jan. 30.— A recelvlne ordsr in
bankruptcy has been granted against the widow
of Charles Stewart. Paraell.
"Two trestles, four boards, two ac
tors and a passion" will, according to
the theory of William Birtler Yeats,
the Iri?h poet and dramatist, be suf
ficient material for a theater equal to
the famous Greek theaters of years
ago. The speaker was again greeted
by a large and enthusiastic audience
last night. It was his closing lecture
in this city and he chose for his sub
ject that which he. is most deeply in
terested in. th.e theater. He said when
an Irish national theater was first se
riously considered he thought of
choosing some of the old dramas.
After giving the matter much thought
he came to the conclusion that if Ire
land was to have a national theater
nothing should be produced but Irish
plays. The country is rich in tradi
tion, its language classical and its peo
ple of a naturally poetic turn of mind.
His idea of the national theater is to
preserve these beautiful traditKms and
folklore stories and present them to
the people in an Interesting form in
their own native tongue. This also
means a revival of the Gaelic and the
tightening of race ties among the peo
ple.
So far the movement has met with
success. At its inception actors were
brought over from England, but this
experiment proved somewhat of a
failure, as they had a tendency to
drop their h'R. Interest was awaken
ed, however, the movement got a good
start and now hundreds of villages
have their own companies giving
purely Irish plays. The speaker is op
posed to the use of scenery, holding
that it distracts the attention of the
audience both from the actor and the
lines. At the conclusion of his ad
dress he read a selection from. Dr.
Hs'de's. "Twisting of the Rope" and
also some of his own poems.
William Maloney of 147 San Carlos
avenue, who thought that he had seen
Foeder and Blaise on a Powell-street
car. was taken to see Soeder at the
prison yesterday. Maloney did not
know Soeder and said that he had
rover oeen him before.
The p/iMee 'are having trouble with
their •witnesses in the Blaise murder
case. Several of the witnesses have
been drunk and unable to testify. Yes
terday Mrs. Neinlas, Soeder's former
landlady, was found in a drunken con
dition on Stockton street by. Officer S.
Carr. She was taken to the City
Prison, where f=he spent last night.
This is not the first time that the
woman has been under the influence
uf iiquor. For fuur days after Soeder
was arrested" Detective Thomas Gib
ecn was unable to get an intelligent
statement frim her. When she was on
the stanf at the Coroner's inquest and
at the Police Court hearing she was in
a stupefied condition. When taken to
ihe City Prison yesterday Mrs. Neiblas
gave the name of Mary Tobin, hoping
to keep her identity secret.
The woman has been one of the main
reliances of the prosecution. Teresa
Kins, the Barbary Coast witness, is
sick in bed, threatened" with typhoid
fever. The prosecution expected to
ag^ain place her on the stand.
"The fipht between the police and the
Coroner has caused considerable com
ment throughout the city.. Detective
Gibson claims that Coroner Leland
ha? hampered his work. He says that
Lo'.and promised him to withhold the
inquest until the police were ready,
and then put just enough witnesses on
the stand to ascertain whether Blais^
d!*d a natural death or came to his
end by violence. He says that not
withstanding this promise Leland went
ahead with the inquest. "I had sworn
to a warrant charging Soeder with
murder and was compelled to be in the
Police Court to prove the charge." said
Gibson, "but Leland would not give me
a rhance."
William Butler Yeats Out
lines His .Plans for an
Irish National Playhouse
AVitiiPss in. the Soeder Murder
Case Insists on Remaining
in a Drunken Condition
M A R Y NEIBLAS
TAKEN TO JAIL
FAVORS REFORM
OF THE STAGE
VALLEJO. Jan. . 30.— The United States
lisrlithou.se authorities have recently taken
ftcpa to mark the channel of the bay above
Vallejo leading to the mouth cf Napa River
Three lanterns are set each night showing 'red
lights. One !s at the mouth of Napa River
another at Barcadero Point and the third at
the mouth of South Slough.
Officers of board — President. Dr. W. F. Mc-
Nutt: vice Dresldent, A. It. Patrick: treas
urer. M. J. Keller: secretary, F. C Boden;
superintendent, F. J. Kane: associate nnper
intendent, Mrs. Lydia Prescott; executive com
mittee—Dr. - William F. Barbat - (chairman),
Mrs. M. CT Brooke, F. C. Boden, M. J. Keller
and W. \V. Sanderson: ways and means com
mittee — M. J. Keller. C. Mason Klnne, M.
Xunan. A. H. Patrick and P. Noble: ¦ vice
presidents — Most Rev. P. W. Riordan. A J
Ralston, C. J. I. Devlin-, Louis Kast. John
Parrott Hayn<v, William J. , Bigsy, James R
Kelly, Dr. H. WV. Hunsaker, Leon Sloss, Wal
ter S Martin. R. J. Tobln, Isaac Upham
Timothy Barker, William H. Crocker, Georee
S. Montgomery. Oeorge C. Perkins, nr J p
Dunn. J. E. McElroy. P. N. Hanrahan. Mr*'
Ellen Wetherbee, Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst Mi«s
E. McLaren of Alamcda County; counselors
J. M. Seawell. Carey Howard ami Tlrey L.
Ford; attorneys— Frisbio & White. Joseph Ha
ber Jr., Thomas F. Barry and J. j. McDonald.
Representatives of the Pacific Hu
mane Society and the Children's Pro
tective Association held their annual
meeting last night. By a unanimous
vote it was decided to consolidate the
two societies under the name of the
Pacific Humq/he Society. The annual
report of the secretaries Showed both
asHociations to be in a flourishing
condition. After the regular business
had been transacted the following of
ficers were elected to serve during the
ensuing year:
Beard of directors — Dr. W. F. McNutt. A.
It. Patrick. F. C. Boden, P. Noble, M. J.
Keller, J. W. Drury. Ben Stern. C. Mason
Klnne, Dr. Wllltam F. Barbat, Mn. -Lydla
I'reseott and Mrs. -M. C. Brooke.
Two Leading Organizations Hold a
Joint Meeting nnd Agree to Con
tinue Under One Name.
HUMANE SOCIETIES DECIDE
UPON A CONSOLIDATION
Notwithstanding the fact that numer
ous comments have been made about
the neglect of commanding officers in
the matter - of making returns to the
adjutant general's office at Sacramento,
there appears to be no improvement In
this line, for in general orders recently
issued from Sacramento it appears that
a very large number have failed to
make monthly returns and* returns of
property within twenty-one days after
the expiration of the time for which
the same were made. The only penalty
visited on- the delinquent officers is to
publish their names in orders, and this
has been done so often that they have
become used to it, and they do not seem
to care whether returns are on time or
not. ¦
The Attorney General has . decided
that funds appropriated by the State to
organizations of the National Guard
cannot bemused to pay the premium on
fldfclity bonds, given by company com
manders, nor for the payment of Inter
est on overdrafts^ or loans nor for the
payment of expenditures for publishing
in newspapers notices of drills, parades,
elections or other military, asemblages.
In reference to the latter the order has
gone ; forth that , men required for any
NO COIX FOR UNIFORMS.
Many who are interested in the
guard are wondering why the order
appointing Colonel Wilhelm was re
voked and why there should be a
double inspection. They hold that Col
onel Wilhelm. being an officer of the
guard and undoubtedly qualified for
the duties of inspector ,and having
been selected for the purpose on be
half of the War Department, will make
a personal inspection of every or
ganization as required by law and that
it will be done; at the expense of the
United States Government. It is also
said he could have made a report as
State inspector to the commander in
chief of the State soldiery and that in
afttlng for both he would not be acting
inconsistently.- They declare that now
Lieutenant Colonel Koster will make
an inspection on his "own account and
that at no little expense to the State.
The Signal Corps of the Third Bri
gade of the National Guard of Califor
nia, Major F. L. Martin command
ing:, having fallen below the standard
of efficiency, has been by general or
ders disbanded and. ordered mustered
out of the service of the State. Cap
tain A. E. Stearns, Second Infantry,
has been detailed as mustering officer.
Acting on the second order from
Sacramento, Major General Dickinson
has detailed Lieutenant Colonel John
A. Koster, division inspector, to also
inspect the guard.
ORDER CAUSES COMMENT.
There is to be a double inspection of
the National Guard of California this
year. By orders from the Sacramento
headquarters, under date of December
15, Colonel Thomas Wilhelm, inspector
general of rifle practice, who also holds
the*rank of major on the retired list
of the United States army, was or
dered to report to Major General Dick
inson for assignment of duty as In
specting and mustering officer of the
guard of California. ¦*
For a, long time before that order
was issued it was common talk, and
the fact was announced in the public
prints, that Major Wilhelm was to be
selected for the purpose of inspecting
the guard under instructions from the
War Department, yet he was detailed
as stated. On the 26th inst. an order
was issued from headquarters at Sac
ramento rescinding the former order
detailing the inspector general *of rifle
practice to inspect the .guard on the
ground that the United States general
commanding the Division of the Pa
cific had signified his intention of ap
pointing Major Wilhelm to inspect the
guard.. Two days later General Mac-
Arthur issued an order directing the
major named to make the Inspection
aa expeditiously as possible.
In connection with the steamer Napa
City, the plaintiffs allege that it was
purchased for $9250, which was raised
on the promissory notes of the four
members of the firm. They say that
Hatt has included the cost of this
steamer in his items of expenditure,
and that he claims to be the sole owner
of it.
A suit for an accounting filed yester
day by H. G. Bell and J. M. Graham,
part owners of the steamers Napa and
St. Helena, plying between this port
and Napa, against Captain A.
Hatt Jr. and G. H. Munk, their
partners in the business, reveals the
fact that the steamboat men have not
been getting along very harmoniously
of late. It appears from the complaint
that the plaintiffs are dissatisfied with
the way Hatt has been conducting the
boating business, and they ask the
court to compel him to account for the
receipts and expenditures, for an order
appointing a receiver to take charge of
the business pending the determination
of the suit, and for an injunction re
straining Hatt from interfering.
It is alleged in the complaint that
Hatt has taken unto himself the full
management and control' of the busi
ness and absolutely refuses to recog
nize the claims of the men associated
with him. When they first associated
themselves together Bell put up $3432,
Graham $3000 and Munk $5000, Hatt
agreeing to furnish the money to equip
the vessels or to complete them after
the funds of the others were exhaust
ed. When it came time to determine
the exact interest of the four men, the
plaintiffs, allegre, Hatt claimed that he
had advanced 442,500 and insisted that
he should be recognized as the principal
owner. It is alleged that, though the
other partners demurred to his de
mands, he assumed control, and when
Bell, as master of the St. Helena, re
fused to obey his commands, be dis
charged him and ran the vessel and the
entire business himself.
The plaintiffs charge that Hatt, In
stead of investing $42,500 in the enter
prise, as ht* claims, did not invest more
than $22,000. and that therefore he
should be compelled to account to his
partners for the earnings he took to
himself on a basis of an investment of
$42,500. They claim also that Hatt paid
himself a large salary and did other
things that netted him a larger inconio
from the vessel than he is entitled to.
Part Owners of Steamers Napa
and St. Helena Sue Captain
A. Hatt for an Accounting;
Double Examination of Na
tional Guard Organizations Is
Ordered by Military Men
INSPECTIONS
ARE IN ORDER
SHIPPING MEN
ARE AT OUTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1901
31
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
75 '^itU^i-vJ^^^^^S \ Coming to the
Our surprising reductions in all garments are
making the quickest sales on record. We introduce
below a few special bargains reserved to boom this
week s business.
$20.00 Dresses. with tfififlfi $12.50 Covert Corset Jack- */ PA
waists silk lined, now JHyAJ\J ets, Oxford grays ZpO.Dl/
$35 Tailor Coat Dreeses, <T J *7 CA $18.00 Box Coats, all C1H f\f\
finest cloths, now iM f .JU \vool, satin-lined
$35.00 Covert long: Coats, tf 4 n Cfl All our $5 and $6 import- ti** nrr
elegantly satin-lined... 4lli«JV/ ed vesting waists J
520.00 Kersey three-quar- 0*4A f\f\ All our $6.50 Ripple Ei- ig«5 P«fi
:cr Coats, satin-lined.. •$ I v«vv dcrdown Robes J)3.3v/
Country Orders Gua rantecd Satisfaction.
PATTOSIEN'S.
PATTOSIEN'S.
PATTOSIEN'S.
PATTOSIEN'S.
PATTOSIKX'S.
PATTOSIEN'S.
PATTOSIKX'S.
¦A QUARTER OF A MILLION DOLLAR FURNITURE, CARPET and DRAPERY SALE to take
place at the PATTOSIEN COMPANY'S STORE to= morrow at 10 a. m. This news will be a surprise
to the public, yet THIS IS THE ORDERS OF THB BOARD OF DIRECTORS, all on account of the
late injuries Mr. Patios jen received from a fall from his buggy. The physicians report that Mr.
P' ttosien wiil not be a weir man for some time to come. He is therefore, by tfieir advice, obliged
take a long rest In spite of his bad condition; MR. PATTOSIEN will in person conduct this
last and ONE OF THB GREATEST SALES EVER HEARD OF. Hotel and house keepers especially
will take note pi 'the LOW PRICES IN THE FINEST FURNITURE, CARPETS and DRAPERIES,
MR. GQLDWATER, the Treasurer, will attend to storekeepers from 10 to 12 a. m> daily. Country
orders will be promptly attended to. SALE WILL COMMENCE TO-MORROW, MONDAY,
at 10 a. m. . • .• •, — , ;
-«BK3*ssa*Bb^ A * " t~^saasb^ ___ _____ * - "
¦' raA "iit^on"™ POSITIVE . PROOF wHlr, f I «P
thai the growlb o{ ths hair can be Influenced for tha better, mil! (i / / f '* ai
Zrcr. "wtias absolutely Wealthy to begin It can bo matlo to grow much faster Ijjin lilt '? \ Ml
and longer than It docs normally. Vjf/I I] ;J li A In \i\\
Tho above photographs of Miss Frances Mario Knowlton show what caro, persist- Jtf//jll It II sA Jl n \\\
enco nnd a good hair Invigorating tonic Trill do In tho way of producing hair. Thlsllttlo V&7/*'/ (L // 9j / 11 V^
girl hashadDandcrlnoappllod to her hair and scalp rcKUlarljeTcrslncofthcwasthrec^^^^ftv 1/ ll I I *\
months of ago, with tho result that she now has tho Icnpcst and most beautiful head of }y[r\ J I *Ji')dj j ¦¦ I • j-iV ivV
hair ever possessed by a child of her ape. Frances Marie Is tho daughter of Dr. E. W \lr v\-'l In ni*f+fi*x ' iA'rJf \ 1^
Knowlton, ono of tlio proprietors of Danderlne. Tho doctor says that her hair Is (crowing **-**C4_^/., • ffifl '' ' \ [Mfr
much faster than sho Is and ho !.« suro it will bo long enough to touch tho floor whoa sao v^3t'-* •*¦'¦'•»• t ".' * Jy^
•tands erect by tho time sho is four y»ars eld. ' 3^
. , IT ASTONISHES EYERYDODY.
Bliss Ella C. Schroder, Tvho hns tlio mo^t aristocratic patronage of any "^^Tt^SStSSsi— S^
one of her profession, brlofly describes her wonderful success with this creat c-n *tr-c-er UAnteruMrvuri Tno
Hair Tonic In tho following letter: *."»* FRANCES MARIE KNOWLTOJI
THE KNOWLTON DANDERINE CO.. 154 Lflko St. Chlcaco. . ICOI
. Gentlemen-.- -»f is with ploasuro that I givo you testimonial as to tho merits of DANDERINE wWch I am using'every day in 'my prac-
tice. I havono.hcdacasowhere DANDERINE has failed to cure dandruff and falling hair and tostart aiu*uriou> C rowth, even under
the most trying cond.tions In somo cases of long standing, reaults havo been perfectly astonishins to both my pxtienta ancfmyself. I
« aV SM- Un »wK P o?' 0 "' ¦ o m ' amtre2tin Brecularly.and thero ia not ono but who is errthutiastic over the wonderful work of
DANDERIN At tho Chicago Beach Hotel, where I spend a great deal of tima I have a largo r n
number of client- who aro using DANDERINE resalarly, with tho most delightful results. Q /} J //V. 1/ /7 .'
FrommyoxperiencowithDANDERINE.inseveralhundredcases.lfeelthatlcannotrccom- A///}//// •)/./{ , ff
.nend it too W*;hly With sincere wishes for your unbounded success, I remain, --\~*L4/h/ l^S C*C/U'V"3/ r £3to^*"*
Yours respectfully. Hair Dresser and Specialist, 406 E. C7lh St., Chicago.
Oanderlne doe -Vio^ork, i-hat U> tho reason why thero is MORE OF IT USED THAN ALL OTHER HAIR TONICS CCrYJCrNED.
ff* ffS IP IP DANDERINE 1* absorbed most eagerly by the scalp, and its properties are so invigorating and strcnetbcnlnT thit u ™v«JB.F.stoll, dentist; Halsht & Masonic', at »•
The members of Court Golden West
of the Foresters of America have de
cided to celebrate the sevententh an
niversary of the institution of ' the
court by a ball in Native Sons' H.ill
on the evening of Tuesday next. This
court, one of the largest and most
prosperous in the city, has in the past
been noted for its social features. The
dance will be invitational and tickets
of admission can be , had only from
officers and members of the court. .
Golden West's Anniversary.
The following members of Company
B have charge of arrangements: Ser
geant Frank A. Koch, Sergeant Jo
seph J. Burns. Sergeant P. JIcNaraee.
Corporal G. W.Auld,. Corporal R.* S.
Elliott, Privates James Dickson, Ed
Murphy, .A. Andrew. J. Boyle, \W.
Manaton and H. Mitchell*
The League of the Cross Cadets Trill
give an entertainment at Native Sons'
Hall on Thursday evening, February
4, to raise funds to pay off the indebt
edness-incurred by the purchase of
uniforms to be used by the many new
recruits.
~ Major Joseph Wesplear will be
chairman of the occasion. The pro
gramme will include numbers by some
of the very best amateur and profes
sional talent of the city.
..Dancing will be one of the features
of the evening.
Will Give Entertainment at Native
Sons' Half to Pay for New Uni
, forms of the Society.
LEAGUE OF CROSS CADETS
WANT TO RAISE FUNDS
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an ' examina
tion on February 24 for the position
of first-class (chief) steam engineer
and assistant steam engineer. Salary
of chief engineer, $1600 per annum;
salary of assistant steam engineer,
$1200 per annum. Age limit, 21 to
50 years. The requirements for the
position of chief engineer are exten
sive and thorough. Persons who de
sire to compete should apply to the
United States Civil Service Commis
sion, Washington. D. C; for applica
tion form 1052, which should be prop
erly executed and filed with the com
mission at Washington.
Steam Engineers Wanted.
Reduced rates on household foods to & from
the East A- South. Bekln's. 11 Montgomery st. •
Auxiliary Oflicers Installed.
The Ladies' Auxiliary to Camp
Reinhold Richter of the Spanish
American War Veterans had the fol
lowing named Installed as officers for
the current term by Walter K. Tlinna,
colonel and aid de camp, R. \V. V.:
Mrs. T. R. Hamilton, president; Mrs.
Herman Huber and Charlotte Du
senbury. vice presidents: Florence
Sinclair, secretary; Josephine McCar
thy, treasurer; Mrs. Reinhold ltich
ter, chaplain; Julia Aitken, conductor;
Emma Richter, guard; Maud Hollis
ter and Clara Lawson, trustees. Af
ter the installation supper was en-
Joyed. Mrs. O. Huber acted as toast
mistress. During the evening Mrs. A.
Rehn, the retiring president, was pre
sented with a handsome silver nut
bowl In appreciation of her services,
and beautiful flowers were given to
Mrs. Hamilton, the retiring secretary,
t and Josephine McCarthy, the treas
urer. Mrs. Reinhold Richter, Mrs. J.
Aitken, Mrs. H. Huber and Mrs. T. R.
Hamilton responded to toasts.
Desertion Is alleged in th» complaint
for divorce filed by Frieda Schuler
against Herman Schuler. She charges
that on June 18. 1901, Just four years
after their marriage, he left her and
their two children.
Paul Zanone is seeking a divorce from
Annie Zanone on the ground of extreme
cruelty. He says that ever since she
became his wife In August, 1901, he
has suffered great humiliation and
mental agony because she refused to
cook for him. called him names and
made him wash his own clothes.
Elenore V. A. Herzog, who was mar
ried to Henry F. Herzog at Berkeley
in 1895, wants a divorce on the ground
of Intemperance, and also asks the cus
tody of their one child, a daughter
aged 7 years.
Anna Sherlock wants a divorce from
John T. Sherlock on the ground of de
sertion. She alleges that . eighteen
months after she became his wife in
Denver, In April, 1901, he abandoned
her.
The cult for divorce brought by Sam
uel C. Hargreaves against Lizzie Har
greaves was heard yesterday by Judge
Murasky and a decree was granted to
the defendant. Ilargreaves brought
the suit on the ground of desertion,
and Mrs. Hargreaves. In her cross
complaint, alleged that he abandoned
her and their two children. The court
found that her charge was true, and
gave her a decree and the custody, of
the children. . /¦,
Trapp«r'E Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. Me flask. Richard & Co.. 408 Clay.*
Judge Mnrasky Decides That
Samuel C. Hargreaves Aban
doned Spouse and Children
A service of motor cars for the la.k»
district, to run between Windercnere
and Keswick. Is proposed.
DESERTED WIFE
GETS DIVORCE
The Hellenic Mutual Aid Society, a
veil known Greek organization, gave
its thirteenth annual ball last night
at Union Square Hall on Post street.
A large crowd attended the affair.
The proceeds were devoted to the
Greek Church fund.
Greek Society's Annual Ball.
ADAMS' Irish Moaa Cou*h Bals&xn the aafe.
miT9 and g-.i*ranteed cur». 25c. 60c DrJEriati.*
W. H. Selbach, the man that was
found guilty of assaulting two Sisters
of Mercy on Market street some time
ago, was declared to be sane yester
day by Dr. McGettigan and ordered
sent back to the County Jail to finish
his sentence, which expires next April.
Solbach Sent Back to Jail.
The subject of selling out all tha cloth
ing and shoes at 91a Market street will
never again be mentioned In tho news
papers. This is the last notice. The store
Is rented to Olson Bros., the goods that
are not sold will be shipped to Mr. Lea
ser's department store in Tacoraa. Wash.
Xo time to b« lost. Those that wish are
welcome to purchase ready-to-wear
clothing and sboes at one-half of its real
price. Anything is better than shipping
goods and paying freight. Man's all
wool stylish suits, cost $22.50. can be had
for $10.65; men's all-wool suits, cost
SI 5.00. for $6.95; regular S3. 50 shoes for
$1.85. Every pair of shoes and every
suit wantsHo be sold, and sold they will
be. All goods 60c on the dollar at tb«
Closing Out Sale, 915 Market street, opp.
Mason. , .<- * *
Herman Lesser Going Oat of Business
in San Francisco.
OXLY AXD T^AST NOTICE.
one for social reunion, and In order
to create new interest In the affairs
of this great association.
The amount of money received by
this association from all sources dur
ing its existence is not Ies3 than
$3,000,000, all of which was expend
ed for the establishment and main
tenance of its hospital and for the
assistance and support of worthy peo
ple that were in need. For the latter
purpose fully $500,000 was expended
in cash alone.
Since then the association has not
only been able to take care of all its
members in the hospital and the
needy Germans for whom application
for assistance was made, but has.
through the receipts from pay pa
tients in the hospital and. from dues
of Its nearly 4000 members and oc
casional bequests, been able to accu
mulate almost $100,000 as a building
fund. 'Although only a little over
twenty-five years old, the present hos
pital is not considered equal to the
demands, and therefore a new hos
pital will be built It is the intention
to erect an absolutely fireproof, mod
ern hospit-1 building, which will cost
anywhere from $300,000 to $400,000
and of which the first wing is to be
started during the present year, ac
cording to plans now under considera
tion. •
It «s therefore more than probable
that the association will shortly'have
to plan some fair or great festival to
raise funds for this purpose. •
The golden jubilee, however, is not
a festival to raise money, but merely
fair netted $30,000, and was the last
festival of any kind that the associa
tion, which, in 1885, paid the remain
ing indebtedness on Its mortgage, has
held for the purpose of raisins funds.
CARE OF THE XEEDY.
George D. "Worswick was legaLly
elected Mayor of San Jose on May 19,
1902, according to a decision rendered
by the Supremp Court yesterday. The
other candidates who went into office
contemporaneously with Worswick and
who 4 «?e right to their several positions
wae contested are likewise held to have
been properly elected.
Charles Martin, ex-Mayor, and his
fellow officeholders, who contested the
election, are declared to have relied
on mere technicalities to- thwart the
will of the voters. The contestants as
serted that the whole election was ille
gal because the officers at the polls used
the register of 1900 instead of that of
1902. No fraud is alleged in the com
plaint, nor is it declared that if only
those few whose names were on the
1902 register had been allowed to vote
the general result would have been dif
ferent. The Supreme Court says that
if there were any such law which would
disfranchise otherwise legally qualified
voters it would be unconstitutional. It
is declared that for this reason alone
the complaint is fatally defective.
The court suvs that as the other argu
ments filed in behalf oMhe contestants
are very elaborate it will take time to
answer some of them. The other claims
are found to have no foundation in
law and the judgment of the lower
court in favor of Mayor Worswick and
his fellow officeholders is affirmed. The
opinion is written by Justice McPar
land, with whom Justices Shaw, An
gellotti. Van Dyke and Hcrishaw di
rectly concur.
Supreme Court- Says the San
Jose City Election of Two
Years Ago AVas Not Illegal
WORSWICK WILL
RETAIN CHAIR
Grand Chicrs Visits.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Krimminger of the Companions of
the of America will pay
an official visit to-morrow night
to Kadi Carnot Circle in Oak
land; Tuesday night she will
visit Pride of the Forest Circle in
South San Francisco Masonic Hall,
Railroad and Fourteenth avenues; on
Wednesday she will visit Robin Hood
Circle in the Alcazar building:, and on
the evening of Thursday she will be
with San Francisco Circle in Mission
Opera Hall.
. Xothing daunted, a number of lead
ing citizens called a meeting and re
solved to raise funds so that the asso
ciation could buy a suitable piece of
ground and erect a modern hospital
sufficiently large to answer all fur
poses. 'Within a very few. days $45,000
was subscribed, and a fair, which was
presided over by a number of ladies,
under their president, Mrs. Dr. Bryant,
now Mrs. Goorge, Marcus, was held,
which added $21,372 to the funds" for
the new hospital.' This was in 1878.
In the meantime the association had
purchased property on Fourteenth and
Noe streets, where the hospital 1 is at
present located, for which $70,000 /was
paid. The building cost $80,000 and
the furniture, laying out of the gar
den and other expenses added consid
erable more to the necessary amount
to start the new enterprise. •
the doors of the new hospital
were opened the association owed the
German Bank S 80,000, but thanks to
some bequests and the sale of the for
mer hospital lot on Brannan street,
as well as to the excellent manner in
which its affairs -were managed, It
took only five years to reduce the in
debtedness to $40,000.
• In order to wipe out this debt It
was resolved to again call upon the
ladies to hold a fair, over which Mrs.
O. Muser, assisted by Mrs. I. Hecht
and Mrs. F. Hess, presided. This af-
.Owing to' the fact that the old hos
pital was surrounded by lumber yards,
only a 'limited amount of insurance
could be, obtained on the hsopltal and
furniture, so that the society lost the
greater part of its accumulations.
KKECT NEW STRUCTURE.
In view of these facts the primary
.purpose of the organization -was . to
| assist newcomers, 'principally during
the first six months after their arrival
: in California, and, according to the
annals of the association, the calls
1 which were made, even at that time,
by those in need or distress were many,
in fact were larger in proportion than
they are at the present time. But it
soon developed that mere periodical
assistance was not sufficient to take
. care of all, particularly of those that
: were sick, and so within a couple of
; years after organization it was re
solved to build a hospital, for which
purpose the society was incorporated
in 1S57, and the foundation for its hos
pital, which was then located on Bran
¦ nan street, was laid.
j Under the fostering care of many of
| the pioneers of German birth, most of
whom have long since Joined the great
majority, the association prospered
and grew. in membership until August,
1876, when its hospital was totally de
stroyed by fire. Fortunately, every one
of the inmates was saved and gener
ously taken care of by the French and
j St. Mary's hospitals. - .
i After several preliminary meetings
it organized and adopted a constitu
tion in 1S54.~ At that time there were
many Germans in California that had
become stranded after trying their
luck in the mines, many of them not
being fitted for such hard work, others
unfortunate in striking the wrong dig
gings.'
t-iely is one of the oldest organizations
of its kind in the city. It has a most
interesting history.
The German Benevolent Society Is
to celebrate its fiftieth anniversary
with. a golden jubilee festival on Sat
urday and Sunday, February 6 and 7.
The festival will be held at Mechanics'
Pavilion and promises to be a great
success. The German Benevolent So-
After a Half Century Pioneer
Association Is Still in* a
Most Prosperous Condition
ORGANIZATION FLOURISHES
German Benevolent Society of
This City Prepares to Ob
serve Its Fiftieth Birthday
WILL CELEBRATE
GOLDEN JUBILEE
THE SAK FRANCISCO ;;CAIX. SUNDAY, JANUAKY 81. 1904.
32
NOW GOING ON
This Season's Stock
Must Be Closed Out
Still Greater Reductions
Ladies' and Misses'
Tailor Suits,
Coats, Waists.
AFfildflu ullliwlil, luC.
Il2=ll4-llo Kearny St.
raSBEnnEEQffHHEBEHHHEHBHBKESSHHHHHEnHHBHBEBHHEH
f FEBRUARY SALE OF ODD PIECES j
5 SPECIAL REDUCTION OF PRICES I
ft
C Worth your while to visit the store and- view the goods. q
*^ All standard makes. g
5 Previous price lags still on. . B
| RADKE 6c CO., I
\ JEWELERS AND SILVERSMITHS, 1
S 91ft <tlBttPr : : Between : : : ¦
S IBU OULLCI Ol (> Kearny and Montgomery 5
¦ Q
B Silver Toilet Goods. Vases, Decanters. Berry ' Bowls, Leather ¦
il PocketbooksJ Bags, Card Cases, Silver Purses, "Deposit Colognes, ¦
¦ Cut Glass. Pipes. Belts, Shirt Waist Sets and numerous other ar- 3
S ljdcs. J^
BIlBBeBlHBBBMHHMHHHBlHBeHHlHBeWBlH"
, EXPERT OPTICIAN."
GERMAN EXEGIiASS CXiEAXTEBS.
*Far better than silk; chamois or tissua
paper. When your glasses blur, causing
a cloudiness of vision and severe eye
strain, this cleaner gives INSTANT RE-
LIEF. May be used for years, as it can
be washed when soiled. Price 15c, two
for 25c. ; . '
OEKHAN ETEWATEB
Makes weak eyes strong, sore eyes well.
Price 50c; by mail G2o.
Georpre aiayerle's Glasses rest and
strengthen the pyes, relieve the strain,
preserve the sight.
GEORGE MAYERLE
German Expert Optician...
1071 Market St., near Seventh.
- - EYES EXAMINED FREE.
'Open evening* until 9. Cat this ont.
One case 50-INCH HOMESPUN SUITING,, in two toned
mixel effects. These' are veru^ultaWe for sprlna
outing suits Price 75c yard
One case Genuine FRENCH "EXAMINE VOILE," 43 Inches
wide. These are In all the new shades for spring,
1904 Price SI.OO yard
One case BLACK ENGLISH MISTRAL CLOTH. This IS
cne of the New Fabrics for spring wear
Price 75c yard
75 cartons extra mnlitg SATIN TAFFETA RIBBON, full
4 inches wide. We have them in all shades
Price 25c yard
3 cases LADIES' SWISS RIBBED VESTS and DRAWERS,
fcoth white and natural. These we haYe In all sizes
" Price SI.OO each
200 dozen GENTS' LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS,
• extra aualltu. .Theg come In X A and 1 Inch hem —
Price 20c each
150 dozen LADIES' HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
in i A and % inch hem. These are made from on
extra aualltu Linen Cambric.. Price I2#c each
45 pieces 36-lnch CURTAIN MUSLIN. Thess are In small
figures and lace stripes Price lOc yard
40 pieces CURTAIN MUSLIN, full 40 Inches wide, In
stripes, figures, small and medium size dots
Price 20c yard
We will also sell this week about 45 dozen LADIES 1
EIDERDOWN SACQUES, in Light Blues, Reds and Grans,
sizes 34 to 44, at ONE-THIRD less than former prices,
i"^j^"*VT*tZ> Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
11V-/ JL SHj All orders for samples or goods filled
;=== and shipped same day they 'are received.
Hi, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
"I had ceased my visits to her for a
time and had given up all hope, when
one morning she entered my office look-
ing like a new woman: the pallor had
disappeared and the lines of suffering
were nearly eradicated from her face.
She told me she had bought at a drug
store for 50 cents a proprietary medi-
cine in suppository form called Pyra-
mid Pile Cure, and had obtained Instant
relief from the first insertion. I made
an examination and found the rectum
In excellent condition, the Inflammation
entirely, disappeared and the swollen
veins in normal condition. \
"I. was so interested in the case that
I had the remedy analyzed carefully,
and was so pleased, with the result, of
the analysis, finding a combination of
the most, healing and scientific reme-
dies present in the Pyramid Pile Cure
and In a more convenient form than I
could secure them otherwise, that I
wrote . to the Pyramid Drug .Company
at 'Marshall, Mich., asking, for their
booklet on Piles, their Nature, Cause
and Cure (which, by the way. Is sent
free), and have since used their Pile
Cure extensively and -with best results
In; my practice. I do not hesitate to
recommend it to you all. It will often
save your.patient from a painful surgi-
cal operation, which In many cases re-
sults fatally." j
¦Several famous American physicians
and surgeons wefe recently dlnlngr to-
gether after a session of .a national
meeting held in New York.
"I had a remarkable case this win-
ter," remarked a surgeon present,
whose name as a" specialist in rectal
diseases Is world wide. "My patient was
a woman, a delicate, nerve-racked crea-
ture, who had suffered so fearfully from
the ravages of hemorrhoids that the
knife seemed the only solution of the
trouble, and yet her heart was weak
and her strength so wasted by this
fearful disease that we dared not op-
erate.
When a Professional Mnn Talks It's
to the Point,. ., l
A CONVERSATION WITH A CLIMAX
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEKTIEEMENTS. •
I IVUGNIN'S FEBRUARY SALE OF s
Comrnrr.cir»c to-morrow, at 9 a. m.. we will hold a special sale of popular-priced
underwear, embracing a variety of undergarments made in our own factorj-; reliable materials;
d-.-r.iblc lace and embroidery triiriniin'r : best workmanship; full widths and lengths. A superior
class of goods at immense reductions.
GOWNS. DRAWERS.
I Sale Prices - 50c, 65c, 75c. $1 and up. Sale Prices 50c,,75c, $!, $1.25 and up.
| CORSET COVERS. UNDERSKIRTS.
Sale Prices 50c, 75c, $1, $1.25 and up. Sale Prices - 85c, $1, $1.50, $2 and up.
3-PlECE BRIDAL SETS.
We de«ire to call special attention to our line of BRIDAL SETS of our own manufacture,
j Unmatchabie value?.
Per Set . . $6.50, $7.50, $8.50' and upward.
' FRENCH HAND-MADE LINGERIE,
j Just rcecived an assortment of popular priced imported garments.
CHEMISES, SI.50, $2.50 and upward. CORSET COVtRS, $2.95, $3.25, $3.50
DRAWERS. SI. 85 and upward. and up. ,
PETTICOATS. $3.85 and up. ! G0W\S. $2.50 and up.
SPECIAL SALE ITALIAN SILK UNDERVESTS.
Strictly hanci-embroidercd in a variety of beautiful designs; white only; former C^/!.OO
price Sio.oo. Entire line will be closed out at . w)^i-"eath
... , /f ,// S\,rf» Exclusive Pacific Coast '
52-page niustraled cata- fh /£#„„/„ /^J^Uo agents for the "Arnold" %
io-uc sent free to out-oi- (*^($//l£lAJ / /£4f/l/J {Wt//, S o ,°d s and Dr. Grosven-
toun customers. imhi j inm i or>s Gertrude Garments.
I ; . s/a-%22 /w*A*r *r I Cataloguc frec -
i ' : - .
.»,••••¦••¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦•••¦«.
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
We Oflfei Our Satire Extzft rtaa e»*>
Mettoa ox
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent !
B!scoxuit l*«m T*rol*x r«t»U pzttaafc
W« are sol* tftmt» fe*
JOHN CKOSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CABPETS
jchas. M. Plum & Co.
t Cor. 9th and Market Sts.
»
¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦«¦¦¦ TTT~l»a « » J,J_^^
Dollar
Premium L (I coffees
Free u u s P ice *
, 4 . n . ctnts Baking
with Each w «a*u « .
* Worth Powder
rThey are Beauties #>
A thousand kinds /g
to Select from. *^fl
It Pays to P
Trade at A
Great American Importing Tea Co s |
861 Market 210 Grant avl l«9P o ft 1
473 Halrtt 3006 Sixteenth 855 Haw. ¦
ZOOSFUlmore 2316 Misaion 1«J Ninth H
, -.3T i 2732 nth <aar<>grth n
Our February Alteration Sale
Starts With Increased Attractions and
I Lowest Prices in AH Departments.
I Women's Suits About Half Price
J25.00 to $35.00 Women's Suit! 816.5O
»r»«« ud Walking Suit styles, made in cloths,
cheviots and madras, in tirht-fltttnjj and
blouse effects, with capes, at 916.60
Women's Suits, worth $18.50 to J22.B0. tight-
fittin«; and blouse effects, now $10.00
Extra Snpnial
Women's Stdts, in a limited number, in black,
# Startling Values in Goats.
A miscellaneous lot of elegant kersey cloth,
cheviots and zibeHnes, both loose and tieht-
ntting effects, some having canes r«»n] vnina
510.00 to J12.50. reduced to ..?:'.... sJfoo
Coats formerly priced from $20.00 to $27 60
now •. sis.'od
Silk Waists I Flannel Waists I Handkerchief I Millinery
¦ 00 .r Half Price. Special. Specials.
2K Jl . LL [\ Imported Swlsa Kverv trimm»rt
WWlTU El«.bor«*.Jy made and emb'd Lawn kat mujt be i?M
Fe*u «« foir. woo] flanne , ; . co i or , ecallop*<l and hem- * 10 *n« 112 hats...
Lou!«;ne and Peau black. red, tan. stitched: remlar • 55.0O
<Je Cycnt Hlk fay, l!cht blue. value 33c and r<Oc; » s "d |6 hats...
V.a!sU. In all <-ol- a!1 , lzef . va , U( . "*• $3 and $4 hat*...
7£. ¦£"£' «'£ """' "- 15 FIftbAvs. Bows «=:»i.v.v::. s .K.
"~;.;™" Flannelette £s?KHs
g km* valuta been ... all ehades. 60c each ,, , „
l;-5-« k «Wjgg KImonas. Newest Veilings, ""nmea Hats.
* Accordion pleated made for comfort: chenille borders: ii'KnWVV **- 10
M »n1 Fpanfrh flounc-. *-xtr» rpecJaf- Jl also bird ca-r- veils now * Si u^
I lormcr f.rlce *S; values on vale for a BOe. 75r> si ah"* ".W " \.~ ' I*
I "'" *-- 95 f ™ «»?¦ onjr-gttc I :...gil'5 som" y trimmed"
Si. 5), tDavts & Co
I ConSearySlandSrantXve.
\ AGENTS ROYAL WORCESTER CORSETS.V H. S. Howard, : a printer of, Berkeley,
filed a petition . in ¦insolvency yester-*
"day Kin the' United -States^ District
Court. • He owes $2274 and has $300
assets.-' ¦••-.•¦' ¦-"-¦-. ; ¦ '¦:' ' V - ¦..>.:..
Insolvent
t'nusual Announcement.
.. F..-..;.. •
i no nfii-Kiiown rtirjiitnr<? liouse. Pat
lo.sieji'i Co.. announces a closing out
»<«Ir, which ix to cnmniPiivc to-morrow at
10 ». m. Tills will be a good chance ior
hotels and private houses to g'.t fine'fur
niture and «arpfU; at a frn»at bargain.
1'attusiei) Co.. cor. 16th and Mission sts.*
J; VWanted-— Twenty;flve , good s furniture
salesmen '? at the Pattosien .Company for
the „ great Retiring Sale, to commence
Monday. , Corner; Sixteenth ; and ¦ Mission
streets. HESiB£>3£i!l3
Al» Lein Dies of Ills Wounds.
"Much.Lum," whose right name Is
said to be Ah Lem, 'the Chinaman
that was cut in a highbinder war on
Friday afternoon, died at the Emer
gency Hospital yesterday. The body
was removed to the.Morgui*.
• "H. J. Bruder, charged with assault to
murder • and convicted • by a Jury ' In,
Judge Lawlor's court of asault . withTa
deadly .weapon, was entenced yesterday
to 'serve twenty months in the County
Jail.;' He shot George Demeny in a sa
loon on Dupont street on'the morning of.
October 26 after Demeny had knocked
him down - ~-^_
Bruder Gets Light ""ntencc.
Charles Berg'sen, ' through his at
torneys,"- Bishop, ¦ jWheeler & Hoefler,
filed • a * suit 'yesterday against' John
Klumpke, executor of the estate of the
late Anna . E. • Q'.' Kliimpke, \ to • recover
$2336. :-. Bergsen; alleges 'that* he-gave
Mrs. Klumpke certain sums • to j invest
for, him and that she did i noti mention
him < in i her will." Mrs.i.Klumpke,died
In; November,". 1903, and-.leftan'estate
said Uo"-be- valued Ait; $200,000, -
Sues Estate of; Deceased.
¦The postofflce clerks gave a ball last
night at: Native Sons' Hall. The occa
sion .was the sixth; anniversary, of the
association." -It was an. excellent suc
cess ajid;a good'time w : as . enjoyed "by
all who attended.1
Clerks" Celebrate Ann I versa ry.
Willie Murphy, seven years of age,
who resides with his parents at 50
Sycamore avenue, was kicked on the
head by a horse yesterday, afternoon
at Eighth and Market. streets. At the
Emergency Hospital it wsis found that
the lad was suffering: from a fracture
of the skull, which will probably re
sult fatally.
Boy Kicked by a Hoi>e.
ral said no trace of th*» missing wit- |
Decs, Rope Everett, had been found. 1 '
As.it was essential to have her prceent j
at thf trial he ask<»d iv>r another contln
«jan«e. The Judg*. asrainst the objec
tion of thf defendant's attorney set the <
trial definitely for February S3 j
•
Wh<=u the case of Krnpst Alexander, j
the ex-policeman who is charged with j
extortion^ wa? called 5n Judpe I^awlor's |
<curt ' y«=t*-rday to ho again set for j
trial Assistant District Attorney Fer- I
Alexander Tri;il Postponed
Philip Brady, who is contesting* the
will pf the late Mary Brady on the
ground that she .was unduly Influenced
by his 3tepchlldren," Emily. O'Ka'ne
arid >Mary Pool, the residuary, legatees
under; the will, filed a suit yesterday
agarist'Mrs. O'Kane' and Pool to re
cover the furniture of Mrs. Brady now
in, her late residence at 1134UFolsom
street. 1 S*SS13BfiB8§l
Brady Wants Wife's Furniture.
Mrs Martha E. Bowers, who was con
victed by a jury in Judge Cook's court
of the charge of poisoning her hus
band. Martin L. Bowers, appeared in
court yesterday to be sentenced. Attor
ney Frank G. Drury for the defendant
asked for a continuance of a week,
which was granted with the consent
of the District Attorney, airs. Bowers
was heavily veiled and a lady friend sat
beside her. The prisoner's sister, Mrs.
Zylphia Sutton, was not present.
Mrs. Towers' Sentenced Postponed.
.The presentation was accompanied
by short speeches,. among those spekk
ingbeing E. O. McCormick,^passenger
traffic '¦ manager ' the road, ', who "paid
a high tribute toj McMiirray's ! ability
and wished him future success. ¦
William McMurray, chief clerk of
the.Southern Pacific Company's infor
mation bureau, who is soon to retire
from -the employ of the company., to
accept 'a position, in the. new St.
Francis Hotel, was , pleasantly sur r
prised yesterday 'by his associates in
the 'passenger: office. At 1 o'clock,
when- the railroad offices were .about
to close, the clerks, of . the passenger
department called McMurray into
their midst ' and > presented : him with a
magnificent- mahogany clock,- bearing
an -inscription- simply expressing the
warm feelings of :the clerks '/for , the
recipient," .with whom they had worked
in. the" interest '¦¦ of- the . company-- for
many,. years.'-/' ... ', •¦- : •.
Southern Pacific ; Passenger Depart
ment ' Clerks Show. Esteem for
• Retiring: Associate.
Whether the State courts have juris
diction to try , persons f,or .violation of
the game laws oh (Indian or other Gov
ernment reservations will "be • deter
mined by United States District Judge
de Haven next .week on habeas corpus
proceedings instituted yesterday, by
United States district Attorney Mar
shall B. Woodworth. The writ was is
sued on behalf of David Lincoln,' a
full-blooded " Indian ?' of '¦¦¦: the - Concow
tribe, stationed ; on the .Round .Valley
Indian Reservation/- Mendocino Coun
ty. Lincoln was convicted by a Justice
of the Peace in Coyelo.of killing, a deer
ori the reservation arid : was imprisoned
In' the County "Jail; in 1; default of the
payment' of a fineV of $25. .
In his petition for ; the writ Mr.
.Woodworth takes theground, that the
Justice's, Court is without? jurisdiction
to \ render .judgment "of* conviction * for
violation <~of ?. the* State 'game " laws, the
Indian \ reservation* i; being ~V exclusively •
with'in the. jurisdiction of the
States courts.. ''.„ ; ; ,
<:'"¦ The, hearing was set* for next Mon
day morning at 10. o'clock; .*¦•
Government Attorney Woodworth
Holds Game Laws Cannot Be En
forced on. National Territory. .
In the case of George Pierce against
the Mountain Copper Company, Limit
ed, the jury yesterday brought ,'n a
verdict awarding him $15,000 damages.
The case had been oni trial for several
days in the United States Circuit
Court before Judge Morrow . and a
jury.
It was proved that in March, 1902,
Pierce, while engaged in the hoisting
works, was cauhgt in the shafting and
whirled about until his right arm was
torn from the socket. Several of his
ribs were broken and his right foot
was cut off, rendering him a. hopeless
cripple for life.
The injured ' miner brought suit
against the company to recover:$30.
000 damages, alleging in the complaint
that the accident .was caused by the
negligence of the company. The de
fendant pleaded that Pierce was negli
gent.
The jury was out from 10:15 o'clock
in the morning until 4:45 o'clock; in
the afternoon. An appeal will be
taken. ¦ • ¦ .'* •. •
George Pierce Recovers Judgment for
$15,000 for Injuries Received
While Working.
' Ifyou have only a do!!ar-in your pos
session it does rot seem, very hirge. If
you have it safely laid away in some re
liable institution it not only seems
larger, but you are anxious to mako It
grow by adding more dollars to it, and
your importance in the world increaaef:.
You feel that you arc s->mobo<lv. and x<>
you arc.' Most men and women think
that they must have :i small capital »•>
start a savings account, but this in a
mistake. The majority of people of that
way of thinking never do mak<? a start.
You can. start a savings account with
as small a sum as i» dollar with the
Phoenix SavmKS. Building and I.oan As
soHatlon. 51 a California street. This In
stitution pays 4% P er c *" n * «n - terPSt
compounded seml-annually. On one-year
term savings accounts it pays •> per c«uit.
the -interest being paid Keml-anniially.
This is on accounts of StOO and over. The
subscribed capital of the in»t«tntlo n is
JS.OOO.OOO: pai«l-ln capital. « - 0000 o^ l
and the giiarante*- capital. $.10 000.
Th" Phoenix :; Savins*. Buildins and
Loan Association* Is the only concern in
California which has a guarantee capi
tal Drot-ctlne. a« it' does. Its Investors
from alMosses that may accrue to, the'
institution, and guaranteeing the faith
ful performance of all Us contracts The
directors «r«>: A. A. Watkin*. president ;
Chas*R Bishop, vice president: S. Pren
tiss Smith, treasurer; Geo. C. Boarrlman.
C 'E. Ladd; Clarence Grange, secretary
and. managing director. *
What » Dollar Will Do.
'•?t«r Sr* n *l <> <J Banner" National anthem
March— "" 'N^aili S»r>uUi«»rn Fktre" Dnniels
< »\-rrture — •T>sutiful GalatPa" Suppe
Waltz— "La Barcarole" WaMtcufel
£olo for nut* Selected
i~\g. A. Ix>mhardo.
PART II. »
<M"t»tic Sol«-<-t(nn -••Pagliacci"* Lconcovallo
o\*Ttur» -"William T>ll" nossini
Sons — •JO»Uf<*iri«. Qur^n of Old Colum
foa" Jennie I*. Thorp
' Suite— "Thiw Dan-ff from Henry VIII" "
Ornnat
Iw^r-riptive r*rav>fcva*c — "ntx-Urd In the •
<"tadl» of th" Dp*t> 1.,-uiifiidcai
<Jrand 6<~otch acJectioa — "Robert Bruce".. .
Godfrey
••Ar-.orl.-a.-
PART I
Th» follnwing music will b<> rcn
d«MPd by the Golden Gate Park Band
this afternoon:
Music at the Park.
PRESENTATION IS MADE
TO "? WILLIAM McMURRAY
STATE COURTS WITHOUT
POWER -ON RESERVATIONS
MOUNTAIN COPPER COMPANY
MULCTED IN *DA^IAGES
Deceased was about 35 years of age
and conducted a sandwich stand at
20 l>£ Montgomery avenue. He had
been ill for a long time and became
despondent. He was identified by sev
eral papers in his pocket. The body
was removed to the Morgue, where
an inquest will be held.
Aristodos Vlastos, a Greek sandwich
vender, committed suicide yesterday
afternoon near the pumping station
in Golden Gate Park by blowing out
his brains with a revolver. His body
was discovered shortly after 5 o'clock
by Frank Taylor, superintendent of
the water works. - — -
Aristodos Vlastos, 111 and Despond
ent, Ends His Existence Near Gold
en Gate Park Water Works.
GREEK SANDWICH VENDER
BLOWS OUT HIS BRAINS
The fifty deputy clerks employed in
the office of County Clerk John J.
Greif made their first monthly report
yesterday. It is a creditable one, in
that it shows that though Greif has
been in office 'less than a month he
has caught- up a- month on the work
that ran behind in the time of his
predecessor, A. B. Mahony, and has
also kept the current work up to date.
This showing-is due to the fact that
Greif, instead of making v the men
work overtime, simply required j t-- **
they should report- for work promptly,
at 8:30 every morning and work until
5 p. m. and.that all courtroom- clerks
and Mothers whose time was not fully
occupied -between those hours should
put in their spare time in' working on
the books of the probate department.
One of the innovations in the of
fice is a time book, in which all clerks
are. required to place their signatures
promptly at S: 30 a. m. and at 5 p.-m.
the time jof reporting, off. From this
book the time of each clerk is made
up- and entered in the regular time
book-by.the chief deputy each day. ,
Greif Announces That He Has Caught
Up a Month in Work Neglect ed
by Mahony.
COUNTY. CLERK'S , OFFICE
A MODEL INSTITUTION*
"The students' . observatory of Cali
fornia occupies a unique position among
the astronomical observatories of this
and other countries. It was founded for
the . original purpose of giving a few
who reviewed th.e history of the ob
servatory; saying in part:
. "The buildings and equipment /which
we dedicate to-night Bring us consider
ably nearer to the realization of the
hope of \ having at" the ; University of
California ~ a \ well-equipped students'
observatory. — Our hearts are full: of
gratitude to those. who helped us meet
our most pressing needs. On behalf of
the Berkeley astronomical department
I wish to^thank those who so kindly
assisted, with gifts and labor, this de
partment, of the university's ; activities.
BUILDING DEDICATED- TO
SCIENCE, AND ASTRONO
" MERS WHO TOOK PAilT.
Fernandez with his share purchased
s ranch at Haywards, which led Gara
tigui to make inquiry after his return
from a voyage to Manila. He consulted
ex-Judge Low, and the arrest of j the
two defendants followed. Much inter
est has bren tak^n In the case.
The trial of Richard Fernandez,
.charged with grand larceny," was con
cluded before a jury in Judge Lawlor's
court on Friday evening and a verdict
of guilty was returned in about ten
minutes. Andreas Gomez, a co-defend
ant, will be tried next Wednesday.
Candido Garatigui. a deckhand on
the transport Sheridan, won a capital
prize of 57500 in the lottery drawing of
December, 1S02. Fernandez, who had
sold him the ticket, went to him in his
room at Gomez's lodging-house. 1111
Powell street, and told him he had won
an approximation prize of 510, giving
fc!m that amount and receiving the
ticket. Ferns ndez and Gomez called at
the office of the lottery company and
each received a check for 53T."»0. signing
the receipt in the name of Andreas
Alonzo. •;'.*
Richard Fernandez, Lottery Agent,
Convicted ny Jury of Charge of
Grand Larceny.
SWINDLES DECK HAND
OUT OF CAPITAL PRIZE
Albert B. Mahony, ex-County Clerk,
appeared before Superior Judge Cook
•yesterday for arraignment on the
charge of having willfully and unlaw
fully and with the intent to defraud
the city presented on October 31 last to
j Auditor Harry Baehr a false and fraud
i ulent claim in the name of A. David
| sen for 5100. It was claimed the money
j was due for services as copyist in Ma
j hony's office for the month of October.
Mahony, who is at liberty on 55000
I bonds, was present with his attorney,
j who asked for a continuance. Assistant
j District • Attorney Ashe objected to a
j continuance on the ground that no
proper showing had been made, and the
Judge sustained the objection.
The defendant was thereupon ar
raigned, and at the request of his attor
ney and with the consent of the As
sistant District Attorney the case was
continued till February 6, when the de
fendant will be asked to plead to the
I charge.
A. B. Mahony Gets Week's Continu
•ancc in Which to Plead to
• Charge of Fraud.
FORMER COUNTY" CLi^RK
ARRAIGNED IN COURT
BERKELEY, Jan. 3Q.— Four new in
struments and two new buildings were
dedicated to the uses of the students of
the University of California this even
ing at the students' observatory. The
meeting of the Astronomical Society of
the Pacific was made the occasion for
this important ceremony, in which par
ticipated men whose lives are devoted
to the study of the heavens and men
who study them simply because they
like to dabble with the infinite and
mysterious.
The dedicated instruments represent
gifts of friends of the university and
purchases. "William M. Pierson of San
Francisco presented the eight-inch re
fractor, now the most valuable instru
ment at the observatory. Tlje five-inch
refractor, formerly the property of the
late Senator Fair, is the gift of his
daughter, Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs. The
photographic telescope represents the
work of Dr. A. F. Gillihan, a practicing
physician in Berkeley, as designer, and
Valdermar Arntzen as builder, the en
tire instrument except the lens having
been made in Berkeley. The Repsold
measuring machine was purchased for
5850 in Germany.
The buildings that cover these instru
ments are plain but substantial struc
tures. The Pierson refractor occupies a
small building of its own, while the
other three instruments are contained
in a larger structure, having two domes
and two large rooms. Instruments and
buildings are estimated to have cost
510,000. This sum includes the remodel
ing of the old observatory.
HISTORY OF OBSERVATORY.
The exercises this evening were held
in the astronomical lecture room. Otto
von Goldern, president of the Astro
nomical Society, presided, i Brief ad
dresses were made by President Wheel
er and Professor W. W. Campbell, di
rector of the Lick Observatory. They
were followed by Dr. A. O. Leuschner,
director of the students' observatory,
--. "It was through' the- efforts: of Pro
fessorSoule, head of the department of
engineering, assisted by Professor
Welcker, that an, appropriation of $10,
000 for the erection of a students' ob
servatory was secured from the Legis
lature In, 1887. '. It impressed me when: I
first visited«it in 1889 as a perfect model
of -the Lick Observatory. It was com
plete in its • details and 1 just what it
ought to be. •* ..
"In those earlier days the headquar
ters of the. department of civil en
gineering and> astronomy, ' of which the
students' observatory formed the other
part, consisted of one room on the top
floor of? North Hall. .The head. of the
department and one instructor made up
the staff. Not long afterward the bur
den , of instruction in civil engineering
became so great that : Professor Soule
was- forced to ask to be relieved of the
latter, and in 1892 the courses in gen
eral and practical astronomy were as
signed to me, while I still retained my
connection with the department of
mathematics." : , • ,
Professor . Leuschner's address was
followed , by others • speaking on topics
familiar to them. . Dr. R. T. Crawford
spoke upon ' "The Constant of Refrac
tion," Dr. B.'L. Newkirk upon "The
Watson Asteroids" and Dr., Gillihan
upon "The Photographic Telescope."
After: the , speechmaking the guests
were invited to inspect the various in
struments. The intricacies of each in
strument^were explained and a< peep at
the sky permitted.
civil engineering students the astro
nomical knowledge necessary to; their
profession. Its development has ever
since been in the direction of increasing
the opportunity for the study in as
tronomy in all its branches, until now
it- is recognized that the University of
California, with its astronomical de
partments, the Lick "and the Berkeley,
has the best organized training school
for the profession of astronomy.
APPROPRIATION . SECURED.
At the close of the business of the
afternoon there was a social hour,
when Mrs. C. F. Humphrey and Mrs.
Henry Holmes acted as hostesses. The
audience was entertained by Mrs. H.
D. Nichols and Mrs. George Newman;
Mrs. E. P. Heald gave a charming
recitation, and Mrs. Pearly favored
with a vocal solo, being accompanied
by Mrs. L. C. Pistolesl. The last named
also rendered vocal selections. Those
present were:
Mrs. W. R. Jones, president": Mrs. S. A. Mc-
Dowell and Mrs. Val Sschmldt, vice presi
dents; Mrs. William Martenstein . and Miss
Mary. J. Bragg,' secretaries; Mrs. J.' F. Logan,
treasurer: Mrs. William A. Atwood. Mrs. H.
F. Barbler. Mrs. -A. A. Batkin. Mrs. George
Bennett. Mrs. Oorsre W. . Brown, lira. W. C.
Campbell. Mrs. A. M. Cox, Mrs. T. J, Crowley,
Mrs. William Crocker, Mrs. S. Clark. Mrs. H.
DamkroRer. Mrs. T. B. Dewitt. Mrs. G. E.
Dorf) Mrs. . B. B. Duncan. Mrs. G. H. Dyer.
Mrs™ E. K. Eastman. Mrs. P. ¦ F. ' Ferguson.
Mis.-J. P. Fraser. Mrs. Isaac Grant. Mrs.
Hiram Grave*. Mrs. E. W. Gates. Mrs. George
Haas. Mns. T. L. Henderson, Mrs. A. Hroma
da. Mrs. J. P.JaeKlIng. Mrs. M. Johnson, Mrs.
Martin Jones. Mr*. William Koenis, Mrs.
Julius LoweJMn. H. Maundrell, Mrs. J. Mills.
Mrs. Miller. Mrs. F. D.Nash. Mrs. J. F. Mc-
Intqsh,*- Mrs. H. McJunkln. Mrs. C. C. More
houre. Miss E. Murray, Miss Eva Powell, Mrs.
J. L Prior, Mrs. I*. R. Radke. Mrs. T. P.
Ross, Mn. George Slebe. Mrs. C. W. Taber,
Mrs. West. Mrs. Georee Wittman and Mrs. R.
W. Smith. -
- At the January meeting. of the La
dies' Auxiliary of California Com
mandery No. 1, Knights Templar, in
Eutopia Hall. Mrs. S. Clark, Mrs. R.
Neil, Mrs. Prank • Johnson, Mrs. A.
Huber and Mrs. Easton were admitted
to membership, after which there waa
a discussion of a number . of projects
for social features : for-the season. The
first suggestion adopted was the one
to have a leap-year party-in.Stfeinway
Hall on February 29. The auxiliary
will not issue any invitations as a body,
but each member will be - responsible
for her own guests and their welfare.
Dancing, cards and light refreshments
will be the order of the evening.
Prepares .to Give Leap Year Party to
Members and Friends in Steimvay
Hall in February.
AUXILIARY OF TEMPLARS
HOLDS JANUARY MEETING
controlling a majority of the votes and
overruling the decision of the executive
< ommittee at the next meeting.
Several of the larger and more influ
ential dealers when approached on the
subject stated that no such action as
that contemplated by the small dealers
would be taken, and it was pointed out
'.hat the by-laws .of the association con
tained provisions for just such cases,
which would justify the action of the
executive committee in levying the as
sessment. Thus the matter stands, and
unless some strong pressure is brought
to \Hinr on the belligerent members the
outcome of the trouble will be the dis
ruption of the association.
merely to fight the battles of the larger
houses and declared that they would
pot submit to sue^i arbitrary treatment.
One well-known jobber was making a
canvass of the wholesale quarter yes
terday soliciting signatures to a peti
tion calling for a special meeting to
OliHlff tho matter.. There are quite a
few of ihese disgruntled dealers in the
association, and they are confident of
The recent difficulty between the
:?tate Board of Harbor Commissioners
and commission merchants who were
charged with violating the Woodward
law has hoon productive of trouble in
the cami' of the Wholesale Fruit and
Produce Merchants' Protective Associa
tion. The trouble originated when the
executive committee of the association
decided to levy an assessment of $10 on
all inemljors for the purpose of defray
ing th^ exMcnse of the litigation now
betes carried on In the courts against
the Harbor Commissioners, and it has
leached such proportions as to threaten
to disrupt the organization.
On December 3 the permits to sell
perishable produce on the State
wharves which had previously been is
sued to Wolf & Sons. Wetmore Broth
ers, McDonough & llunyon and L. Sea
tona. & Co. were revoked by the board
<«n the ground that the holders of the
permits were violating the Woodward
law. These firms immediately secured
the cervices of Attorney J. B. Reinstein
and proceeded to fight the matter in
i ho courts. The association was then
tailed upon to defray* the expenses of
the litigation by the merchants in
volved, who claimed that they as rep
resentative fin::s of the commission
lousiness were acting in the interests of
all commission merchants who are
members of the association, and not for
personal reasons alone.
The executive committee met last
creek to consider the request and de
cided upon favorable action. This cre
ated quite a stir on the street, particu
larly among small dealeis and jobbers
who do not transact business on the
wharves. The action of the committee
came in for much unfavorable com
ment, and several of these small deal
ers claimed that they were being taxed
Friend Charles Bent : Keep a brave heart
and think of poor unf ortunat friend some
time- I wanted to. have social talk with you
and do or say what could wish. Farewell, and
hope your future more pleasant than mine for
some time oast.
Ags 74 years S months. -",--'
To A. J. Vayssie was addressed the
following note:
>I had hoptd to avoid the wrongs of the past
and. present, but fate has followed' me and
have not done as should who has been so pa
tient and Indulgent in the past. If others
with whom I have had business dealings had
done right I should not have been cornered as
now and see no hope for the (uture. ....
The • following note was left for
Charles Bent: - '
To the Officers and Members of California
Lodge «No. 1, Knights of Pythias: Perhaps
what. I have decided to do may be wrong, but
the end must come soon to all and better now
before . more ' troubles, and disappointments
come, and I have had my share In the Ions
past, partly my own .fault, too late now to
rectify. Had hoped all of this might have been
avoided. My last wish is to be cremated with
little expense and little ceremony.
• W. J. DEAN.
Seventy-four years old, alone in the
world, penniless and unable to obtain
employment • at his trade as cariage
maker, Warren J. Dean, who lived for
the last twenty years in the Hancock
House, at 781 Mission street, ended his
life last Friday night by inhaling illu
minating gas through a rubber tube. The
body was found yesterday morning ly
ing in bed with one end of the tube in
his mouth. Several notes in pencil lay
on a table in the room. One of these
read as follows:
Harvey's condition is such that he
can throw' no light on the case. All
day he lay in a condition of semi-con
sciousness, rousing but once long
enough to give his name and address.
To Questions addressed him he gave
Incoherent answers, at various times
answering similar interrogatories both
in the affirmative and the negative.
Dr. Lisner, who is attending the case,
admits that he is very much puzzled.
He diagnosed it as coma resulting from
a diseased condition of the kidneys,
bowels and heart. So far as Dr. Lianer
could . ascertain, the man has at no
time showed symptoms of poisoning by
strychnine. As a precaution Dr. Llsner
removed the contents of" the patient's
stomach and sent them to the city
chemist for analysis. A superficial ex
amination of the contents showed that
Harvey had not been drinking, but that
his stomach was not properly perform
ing its functions, as the food partaken
of Friday night was but partly digest
ed. Harvey's employers and -fellow
workmen say he was not to
the use of licuor. but was subject to
epileptic fits. He Is apparently about
63 years of age.
Keller, the dead man, waa a native
of Germany, about 43 years of age. The
police say he was an ex-convict and
served seven years for burglary under
the name of Schmidt. • .
The dead- man was not known to
have any enemies around the camp
that might wish to injure him and the
poison could hardly have been admin
istered in the food, as none of the other
employes showed any symptoms of ill
ness during the day. The workmen em
ployed at the camp are not permitted
to take any liquor on the premises and
none is sold there. So far as can be
learned Keller was sober when last seen
alive. A careful search of the prem
ises was made by the Coroner's depu
ties, but no poison could be found in
the shanty inhabited by the men.
HARVEY SEMI-CONSCIOUS.
. This theory would fit the case very
nicely were it not for the discovery
made by Dr. Bacigalupi at the Morgue.
When .Dr. Bacigalupi performed the
autopsy on the body of the dead man
he found the vital organs in a normal
condition, aside from the fact that they
showed indications that. the man had
been a heavy drinker. None of them
were so badly diseased as tir cause
death; In fact, no immediate cause of
death could be ascertained.
Dr. Bacigalupi gives it as his opinion
that the man's death was caused by
some poison, presumably strychnine.
The contents of the stomach were re
moved and with other portions of the
body sent to the city chemist for analy
sis. "". V •"•¦
Other developments in the case,. how
ever, indicate that at least one of the
men met with foul play or else de
liberately ended his life. Harvey and
Keller occupied one of the little shan
ties or bunk houses connected with the
company's plant at Huntera Point.
Friday night they dined with the other
employer of the concern, about thirty
in number, at the common mess table.
Yesterday morning H. Conway, a
watchman, while making his rounds
found Keller lying dead en the lioor
and Harvey unconscious by his side.
Both were, dressed in their underclothes
and had apparently been preparing to
go to bed for the night, when they
were suddenly stricken. The body of
the dead man was taken to the Morgue
and Harvey was removed to the City
and County Hospital.
The police were at once notified and
Immediately began theorizing on nat
ural causes and built up a strong case
to support their theory. They learned
that Keller had been treated at the
City and County Hospital about a week
ago for alcoholism and heart disease.
Harvey, his roommate, is an epileptic.
According to the theory evolved by
the police. Keller was again stricken
with delirium tremens and Harvey be
came so frightened that he fell into
an epileptic fit.
BACIGALUPI SAYS POISON.
Mystery surrounds the sudden death
of Charles Keller and the peculiar ill
ness of ' James Harvey, laborers em
ployed by the Alaska Codfish Company
at the drying plant at Hunters Point.
The police incline to the theory that
Keller's death waa due to natural
causes and that Harvey's illness is oc
casioned by a malady from which he
has lone suffered.
The board stopped the contractors for
the Red Men's Hall, now building on
Golden Gate avenue and Leavenworth
street, from obstructing the street with
loads of lumber. The contractors were
compelled to secure storage room on a
nearby vacant lot.
The board laid off Edward Keagan, a
janitor.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
rescinded its former action in raising
the pay of painters in its employ from
$3 50 to 54 per diem, with the privilege
of a half-holiday on Saturdays with loss
of pay for the half-day. A committee
consisting of L. R. Boynton and T. C
Butterworth from the Affiliated Build
ing Contractors appeared before the
board and stated that its action would
cause trouble, as the standard wages
paid to painters under the rules of the
Building Trades Council was 53 50 a
day. The committee said that the fact
that the board had raised the pay
would necessitate the general raising
of the wages.
After putting the wages of its paint
ers back to the original figure of $3 50
per day, the board postponed further
consideration on the petition of its
painters for an increase until such time
as the agreement of the Master Paint
ers' Association and painters establish-,
ing wages at $4 per day shall go into
effect, probably on March 1.
The board denied the petition of P.
Labordue to lay sidewalks on Park Lane
street, between Second and Third.
The report will be transmitted to the
Board of Supervisors at its meeting to
morrow for the purpose of enabling it
to establish a basis of valuation of the
properties and upon -which it may fix
and determine water rates to be
charged the city and county and its in
habitants for the year commencing
July 1, 1904, and ending June 30. 1905.
In making the appraisement the
Board of Public Works submits a list
of all lands, water rights, reservoir
sites and tangible property of all kinds
belonging to the company, together
with a specific statement of valuation in
each instance.
City Engineer Grunsky yesterday
filed with the Board of Public Works
an appraisement of the properties of
the Spring Valley Water Company
actually, used in furnishing: the city
and county of San Francisco and the
inhabitants thereof with a pure and
wholesome supply of water. The report
fixes the valuation of the company's
plant at about $25,000,000. exclusive of
an appraisement of $1,400,000 for estab
lished business which the Supervisors
eliminated in fixing last year's water
rates.
Levying of Assessment Causes
Considerable Dissatisfaction
Among Handlers of Produce
Board Rescinds Former Raise
Until Matter of Standard
Pav Is Permanently Fixed
Police Inclined to the Natural
Cause Theory, but Much Yet
Remains to Be Explained
Unable, to Secure Employment
He Becomes Despondent and
. Makes His Exit From Life
ORGANIZATION IN DANGER
BACIGALI'PI SAYS POISON
PAINTERS' WAGES ARE CUT
ASKS TO BE CREMATED
Small Dealers Protest Against
the Action of the Protec
tive Association Committee
Mystery Surrounds the Sudden
Death of Charles Keller and
Illness *of James Harvcv
Submits Figures on Valuations
of Spring Valley Company's
Plant for l : se by Supervisors
Aged Carriage-Maker Writes
Notes of Apology to His
Friends and Inhales Gas
Meeting of Astronomical Society of the Pacific Is Made
Occasion of Important Ceremony in Which: Men That
Seek to Solve Mysteries of the Heavens Participate
FRUIT DEALERS
FACE TROUBLE
GRUNSJY FILES
APPRAISEMENT
WARREN DEAN
ENDS HIS WOES
TWO STRICKEN
IN LONELY HUT
NEW INSTRUMENTS AND BUILDINGS
ARE DEDICATED TO USE OF SCIENCE
\Eage03 to 44
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31,-1904.
Pages 33 to 44
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater In stock. San Francisco Gas
and Klectric Company, 415 Post street, "V H. S. Howard, : a printer of, Berkeley,
filed a petition . in ¦insolvency yester-*
"day Kin the' United -States^ District
Court. • He owes $2274 and has $300
assets.-' ¦••-.•¦' ¦-"-¦-. ; ¦ '¦:' ' V - ¦..>.:..
Insolvent
t'nusual Announcement.
.. F..-..;.. •
i no nfii-Kiiown rtirjiitnr<? liouse. Pat
lo.sieji'i Co.. announces a closing out
»<«Ir, which ix to cnmniPiivc to-morrow at
10 ». m. Tills will be a good chance ior
hotels and private houses to g'.t fine'fur
niture and «arpfU; at a frn»at bargain.
1'attusiei) Co.. cor. 16th and Mission sts.*
J; VWanted-— Twenty;flve , good s furniture
salesmen '? at the Pattosien .Company for
the „ great Retiring Sale, to commence
Monday. , Corner; Sixteenth ; and ¦ Mission
streets. HESiB£>3£i!l3
Al» Lein Dies of Ills Wounds.
"Much.Lum," whose right name Is
said to be Ah Lem, 'the Chinaman
that was cut in a highbinder war on
Friday afternoon, died at the Emer
gency Hospital yesterday. The body
was removed to the.Morgui*.
• "H. J. Bruder, charged with assault to
murder • and convicted • by a Jury ' In,
Judge Lawlor's court of asault . withTa
deadly .weapon, was entenced yesterday
to 'serve twenty months in the County
Jail.;' He shot George Demeny in a sa
loon on Dupont street on'the morning of.
October 26 after Demeny had knocked
him down - ~-^_
Bruder Gets Light ""ntencc.
Charles Berg'sen, ' through his at
torneys,"- Bishop, ¦ jWheeler & Hoefler,
filed • a * suit 'yesterday against' John
Klumpke, executor of the estate of the
late Anna . E. • Q'.' Kliimpke, \ to • recover
$2336. :-. Bergsen; alleges 'that* he-gave
Mrs. Klumpke certain sums • to j invest
for, him and that she did i noti mention
him < in i her will." Mrs.i.Klumpke,died
In; November,". 1903, and-.leftan'estate
said Uo"-be- valued Ait; $200,000, -
Sues Estate of; Deceased.
¦The postofflce clerks gave a ball last
night at: Native Sons' Hall. The occa
sion .was the sixth; anniversary, of the
association." -It was an. excellent suc
cess ajid;a good'time w : as . enjoyed "by
all who attended.1
Clerks" Celebrate Ann I versa ry.
Willie Murphy, seven years of age,
who resides with his parents at 50
Sycamore avenue, was kicked on the
head by a horse yesterday, afternoon
at Eighth and Market. streets. At the
Emergency Hospital it wsis found that
the lad was suffering: from a fracture
of the skull, which will probably re
sult fatally.
Boy Kicked by a Hoi>e.
ral said no trace of th*» missing wit- |
Decs, Rope Everett, had been found. 1 '
As.it was essential to have her prceent j
at thf trial he ask<»d iv>r another contln
«jan«e. The Judg*. asrainst the objec
tion of thf defendant's attorney set the <
trial definitely for February S3 j
•
Wh<=u the case of Krnpst Alexander, j
the ex-policeman who is charged with j
extortion^ wa? called 5n Judpe I^awlor's |
<curt ' y«=t*-rday to ho again set for j
trial Assistant District Attorney Fer- I
Alexander Tri;il Postponed
Philip Brady, who is contesting* the
will pf the late Mary Brady on the
ground that she .was unduly Influenced
by his 3tepchlldren," Emily. O'Ka'ne
arid >Mary Pool, the residuary, legatees
under; the will, filed a suit yesterday
agarist'Mrs. O'Kane' and Pool to re
cover the furniture of Mrs. Brady now
in, her late residence at 1134UFolsom
street. 1 S*SS13BfiB8§l
Brady Wants Wife's Furniture.
Mrs Martha E. Bowers, who was con
victed by a jury in Judge Cook's court
of the charge of poisoning her hus
band. Martin L. Bowers, appeared in
court yesterday to be sentenced. Attor
ney Frank G. Drury for the defendant
asked for a continuance of a week,
which was granted with the consent
of the District Attorney, airs. Bowers
was heavily veiled and a lady friend sat
beside her. The prisoner's sister, Mrs.
Zylphia Sutton, was not present.
Mrs. Towers' Sentenced Postponed.
.The presentation was accompanied
by short speeches,. among those spekk
ingbeing E. O. McCormick,^passenger
traffic '¦ manager ' the road, ', who "paid
a high tribute toj McMiirray's ! ability
and wished him future success. ¦
William McMurray, chief clerk of
the.Southern Pacific Company's infor
mation bureau, who is soon to retire
from -the employ of the company., to
accept 'a position, in the. new St.
Francis Hotel, was , pleasantly sur r
prised yesterday 'by his associates in
the 'passenger: office. At 1 o'clock,
when- the railroad offices were .about
to close, the clerks, of . the passenger
department called McMurray into
their midst ' and > presented : him with a
magnificent- mahogany clock,- bearing
an -inscription- simply expressing the
warm feelings of :the clerks '/for , the
recipient," .with whom they had worked
in. the" interest '¦¦ of- the . company-- for
many,. years.'-/' ... ', •¦- : •.
Southern Pacific ; Passenger Depart
ment ' Clerks Show. Esteem for
• Retiring: Associate.
Whether the State courts have juris
diction to try , persons f,or .violation of
the game laws oh (Indian or other Gov
ernment reservations will "be • deter
mined by United States District Judge
de Haven next .week on habeas corpus
proceedings instituted yesterday, by
United States district Attorney Mar
shall B. Woodworth. The writ was is
sued on behalf of David Lincoln,' a
full-blooded " Indian ?' of '¦¦¦: the - Concow
tribe, stationed ; on the .Round .Valley
Indian Reservation/- Mendocino Coun
ty. Lincoln was convicted by a Justice
of the Peace in Coyelo.of killing, a deer
ori the reservation arid : was imprisoned
In' the County "Jail; in 1; default of the
payment' of a fineV of $25. .
In his petition for ; the writ Mr.
.Woodworth takes theground, that the
Justice's, Court is without? jurisdiction
to \ render .judgment "of* conviction * for
violation <~of ?. the* State 'game " laws, the
Indian \ reservation* i; being ~V exclusively •
with'in the. jurisdiction of the
States courts.. ''.„ ; ; ,
<:'"¦ The, hearing was set* for next Mon
day morning at 10. o'clock; .*¦•
Government Attorney Woodworth
Holds Game Laws Cannot Be En
forced on. National Territory. .
In the case of George Pierce against
the Mountain Copper Company, Limit
ed, the jury yesterday brought ,'n a
verdict awarding him $15,000 damages.
The case had been oni trial for several
days in the United States Circuit
Court before Judge Morrow . and a
jury.
It was proved that in March, 1902,
Pierce, while engaged in the hoisting
works, was cauhgt in the shafting and
whirled about until his right arm was
torn from the socket. Several of his
ribs were broken and his right foot
was cut off, rendering him a. hopeless
cripple for life.
The injured ' miner brought suit
against the company to recover:$30.
000 damages, alleging in the complaint
that the accident .was caused by the
negligence of the company. The de
fendant pleaded that Pierce was negli
gent.
The jury was out from 10:15 o'clock
in the morning until 4:45 o'clock; in
the afternoon. An appeal will be
taken. ¦ • ¦ .'* •. •
George Pierce Recovers Judgment for
$15,000 for Injuries Received
While Working.
' Ifyou have only a do!!ar-in your pos
session it does rot seem, very hirge. If
you have it safely laid away in some re
liable institution it not only seems
larger, but you are anxious to mako It
grow by adding more dollars to it, and
your importance in the world increaaef:.
You feel that you arc s->mobo<lv. and x<>
you arc.' Most men and women think
that they must have :i small capital »•>
start a savings account, but this in a
mistake. The majority of people of that
way of thinking never do mak<? a start.
You can. start a savings account with
as small a sum as i» dollar with the
Phoenix SavmKS. Building and I.oan As
soHatlon. 51 a California street. This In
stitution pays 4% P er c *" n * «n - terPSt
compounded seml-annually. On one-year
term savings accounts it pays •> per c«uit.
the -interest being paid Keml-anniially.
This is on accounts of StOO and over. The
subscribed capital of the in»t«tntlo n is
JS.OOO.OOO: pai«l-ln capital. « - 0000 o^ l
and the giiarante*- capital. $.10 000.
Th" Phoenix :; Savins*. Buildins and
Loan Association* Is the only concern in
California which has a guarantee capi
tal Drot-ctlne. a« it' does. Its Investors
from alMosses that may accrue to, the'
institution, and guaranteeing the faith
ful performance of all Us contracts The
directors «r«>: A. A. Watkin*. president ;
Chas*R Bishop, vice president: S. Pren
tiss Smith, treasurer; Geo. C. Boarrlman.
C 'E. Ladd; Clarence Grange, secretary
and. managing director. *
What » Dollar Will Do.
'•?t«r Sr* n *l <> <J Banner" National anthem
March— "" 'N^aili S»r>uUi«»rn Fktre" Dnniels
< »\-rrture — •T>sutiful GalatPa" Suppe
Waltz— "La Barcarole" WaMtcufel
£olo for nut* Selected
i~\g. A. Ix>mhardo.
PART II. »
<M"t»tic Sol«-<-t(nn -••Pagliacci"* Lconcovallo
o\*Ttur» -"William T>ll" nossini
Sons — •JO»Uf<*iri«. Qur^n of Old Colum
foa" Jennie I*. Thorp
' Suite— "Thiw Dan-ff from Henry VIII" "
Ornnat
Iw^r-riptive r*rav>fcva*c — "ntx-Urd In the •
<"tadl» of th" Dp*t> 1.,-uiifiidcai
<Jrand 6<~otch acJectioa — "Robert Bruce".. .
Godfrey
••Ar-.orl.-a.-
PART I
Th» follnwing music will b<> rcn
d«MPd by the Golden Gate Park Band
this afternoon:
Music at the Park.
PRESENTATION IS MADE
TO "? WILLIAM McMURRAY
STATE COURTS WITHOUT
POWER -ON RESERVATIONS
MOUNTAIN COPPER COMPANY
MULCTED IN *DA^IAGES
Deceased was about 35 years of age
and conducted a sandwich stand at
20 l>£ Montgomery avenue. He had
been ill for a long time and became
despondent. He was identified by sev
eral papers in his pocket. The body
was removed to the Morgue, where
an inquest will be held.
Aristodos Vlastos, a Greek sandwich
vender, committed suicide yesterday
afternoon near the pumping station
in Golden Gate Park by blowing out
his brains with a revolver. His body
was discovered shortly after 5 o'clock
by Frank Taylor, superintendent of
the water works. - — -
Aristodos Vlastos, 111 and Despond
ent, Ends His Existence Near Gold
en Gate Park Water Works.
GREEK SANDWICH VENDER
BLOWS OUT HIS BRAINS
The fifty deputy clerks employed in
the office of County Clerk John J.
Greif made their first monthly report
yesterday. It is a creditable one, in
that it shows that though Greif has
been in office 'less than a month he
has caught- up a- month on the work
that ran behind in the time of his
predecessor, A. B. Mahony, and has
also kept the current work up to date.
This showing-is due to the fact that
Greif, instead of making v the men
work overtime, simply required j t-- **
they should report- for work promptly,
at 8:30 every morning and work until
5 p. m. and.that all courtroom- clerks
and Mothers whose time was not fully
occupied -between those hours should
put in their spare time in' working on
the books of the probate department.
One of the innovations in the of
fice is a time book, in which all clerks
are. required to place their signatures
promptly at S: 30 a. m. and at 5 p.-m.
the time jof reporting, off. From this
book the time of each clerk is made
up- and entered in the regular time
book-by.the chief deputy each day. ,
Greif Announces That He Has Caught
Up a Month in Work Neglect ed
by Mahony.
COUNTY. CLERK'S , OFFICE
A MODEL INSTITUTION*
"The students' . observatory of Cali
fornia occupies a unique position among
the astronomical observatories of this
and other countries. It was founded for
the . original purpose of giving a few
who reviewed th.e history of the ob
servatory; saying in part:
. "The buildings and equipment /which
we dedicate to-night Bring us consider
ably nearer to the realization of the
hope of \ having at" the ; University of
California ~ a \ well-equipped students'
observatory. — Our hearts are full: of
gratitude to those. who helped us meet
our most pressing needs. On behalf of
the Berkeley astronomical department
I wish to^thank those who so kindly
assisted, with gifts and labor, this de
partment, of the university's ; activities.
BUILDING DEDICATED- TO
SCIENCE, AND ASTRONO
" MERS WHO TOOK PAilT.
Fernandez with his share purchased
s ranch at Haywards, which led Gara
tigui to make inquiry after his return
from a voyage to Manila. He consulted
ex-Judge Low, and the arrest of j the
two defendants followed. Much inter
est has bren tak^n In the case.
The trial of Richard Fernandez,
.charged with grand larceny," was con
cluded before a jury in Judge Lawlor's
court on Friday evening and a verdict
of guilty was returned in about ten
minutes. Andreas Gomez, a co-defend
ant, will be tried next Wednesday.
Candido Garatigui. a deckhand on
the transport Sheridan, won a capital
prize of 57500 in the lottery drawing of
December, 1S02. Fernandez, who had
sold him the ticket, went to him in his
room at Gomez's lodging-house. 1111
Powell street, and told him he had won
an approximation prize of 510, giving
fc!m that amount and receiving the
ticket. Ferns ndez and Gomez called at
the office of the lottery company and
each received a check for 53T."»0. signing
the receipt in the name of Andreas
Alonzo. •;'.*
Richard Fernandez, Lottery Agent,
Convicted ny Jury of Charge of
Grand Larceny.
SWINDLES DECK HAND
OUT OF CAPITAL PRIZE
Albert B. Mahony, ex-County Clerk,
appeared before Superior Judge Cook
•yesterday for arraignment on the
charge of having willfully and unlaw
fully and with the intent to defraud
the city presented on October 31 last to
j Auditor Harry Baehr a false and fraud
i ulent claim in the name of A. David
| sen for 5100. It was claimed the money
j was due for services as copyist in Ma
j hony's office for the month of October.
Mahony, who is at liberty on 55000
I bonds, was present with his attorney,
j who asked for a continuance. Assistant
j District • Attorney Ashe objected to a
j continuance on the ground that no
proper showing had been made, and the
Judge sustained the objection.
The defendant was thereupon ar
raigned, and at the request of his attor
ney and with the consent of the As
sistant District Attorney the case was
continued till February 6, when the de
fendant will be asked to plead to the
I charge.
A. B. Mahony Gets Week's Continu
•ancc in Which to Plead to
• Charge of Fraud.
FORMER COUNTY" CLi^RK
ARRAIGNED IN COURT
BERKELEY, Jan. 3Q.— Four new in
struments and two new buildings were
dedicated to the uses of the students of
the University of California this even
ing at the students' observatory. The
meeting of the Astronomical Society of
the Pacific was made the occasion for
this important ceremony, in which par
ticipated men whose lives are devoted
to the study of the heavens and men
who study them simply because they
like to dabble with the infinite and
mysterious.
The dedicated instruments represent
gifts of friends of the university and
purchases. "William M. Pierson of San
Francisco presented the eight-inch re
fractor, now the most valuable instru
ment at the observatory. Tlje five-inch
refractor, formerly the property of the
late Senator Fair, is the gift of his
daughter, Mrs. Hermann Oelrichs. The
photographic telescope represents the
work of Dr. A. F. Gillihan, a practicing
physician in Berkeley, as designer, and
Valdermar Arntzen as builder, the en
tire instrument except the lens having
been made in Berkeley. The Repsold
measuring machine was purchased for
5850 in Germany.
The buildings that cover these instru
ments are plain but substantial struc
tures. The Pierson refractor occupies a
small building of its own, while the
other three instruments are contained
in a larger structure, having two domes
and two large rooms. Instruments and
buildings are estimated to have cost
510,000. This sum includes the remodel
ing of the old observatory.
HISTORY OF OBSERVATORY.
The exercises this evening were held
in the astronomical lecture room. Otto
von Goldern, president of the Astro
nomical Society, presided, i Brief ad
dresses were made by President Wheel
er and Professor W. W. Campbell, di
rector of the Lick Observatory. They
were followed by Dr. A. O. Leuschner,
director of the students' observatory,
--. "It was through' the- efforts: of Pro
fessorSoule, head of the department of
engineering, assisted by Professor
Welcker, that an, appropriation of $10,
000 for the erection of a students' ob
servatory was secured from the Legis
lature In, 1887. '. It impressed me when: I
first visited«it in 1889 as a perfect model
of -the Lick Observatory. It was com
plete in its • details and 1 just what it
ought to be. •* ..
"In those earlier days the headquar
ters of the. department of civil en
gineering and> astronomy, ' of which the
students' observatory formed the other
part, consisted of one room on the top
floor of? North Hall. .The head. of the
department and one instructor made up
the staff. Not long afterward the bur
den , of instruction in civil engineering
became so great that : Professor Soule
was- forced to ask to be relieved of the
latter, and in 1892 the courses in gen
eral and practical astronomy were as
signed to me, while I still retained my
connection with the department of
mathematics." : , • ,
Professor . Leuschner's address was
followed , by others • speaking on topics
familiar to them. . Dr. R. T. Crawford
spoke upon ' "The Constant of Refrac
tion," Dr. B.'L. Newkirk upon "The
Watson Asteroids" and Dr., Gillihan
upon "The Photographic Telescope."
After: the , speechmaking the guests
were invited to inspect the various in
struments. The intricacies of each in
strument^were explained and a< peep at
the sky permitted.
civil engineering students the astro
nomical knowledge necessary to; their
profession. Its development has ever
since been in the direction of increasing
the opportunity for the study in as
tronomy in all its branches, until now
it- is recognized that the University of
California, with its astronomical de
partments, the Lick "and the Berkeley,
has the best organized training school
for the profession of astronomy.
APPROPRIATION . SECURED.
At the close of the business of the
afternoon there was a social hour,
when Mrs. C. F. Humphrey and Mrs.
Henry Holmes acted as hostesses. The
audience was entertained by Mrs. H.
D. Nichols and Mrs. George Newman;
Mrs. E. P. Heald gave a charming
recitation, and Mrs. Pearly favored
with a vocal solo, being accompanied
by Mrs. L. C. Pistolesl. The last named
also rendered vocal selections. Those
present were:
Mrs. W. R. Jones, president": Mrs. S. A. Mc-
Dowell and Mrs. Val Sschmldt, vice presi
dents; Mrs. William Martenstein . and Miss
Mary. J. Bragg,' secretaries; Mrs. J.' F. Logan,
treasurer: Mrs. William A. Atwood. Mrs. H.
F. Barbler. Mrs. -A. A. Batkin. Mrs. George
Bennett. Mrs. Oorsre W. . Brown, lira. W. C.
Campbell. Mrs. A. M. Cox, Mrs. T. J, Crowley,
Mrs. William Crocker, Mrs. S. Clark. Mrs. H.
DamkroRer. Mrs. T. B. Dewitt. Mrs. G. E.
Dorf) Mrs. . B. B. Duncan. Mrs. G. H. Dyer.
Mrs™ E. K. Eastman. Mrs. P. ¦ F. ' Ferguson.
Mis.-J. P. Fraser. Mrs. Isaac Grant. Mrs.
Hiram Grave*. Mrs. E. W. Gates. Mrs. George
Haas. Mns. T. L. Henderson, Mrs. A. Hroma
da. Mrs. J. P.JaeKlIng. Mrs. M. Johnson, Mrs.
Martin Jones. Mr*. William Koenis, Mrs.
Julius LoweJMn. H. Maundrell, Mrs. J. Mills.
Mrs. Miller. Mrs. F. D.Nash. Mrs. J. F. Mc-
Intqsh,*- Mrs. H. McJunkln. Mrs. C. C. More
houre. Miss E. Murray, Miss Eva Powell, Mrs.
J. L Prior, Mrs. I*. R. Radke. Mrs. T. P.
Ross, Mn. George Slebe. Mrs. C. W. Taber,
Mrs. West. Mrs. Georee Wittman and Mrs. R.
W. Smith. -
- At the January meeting. of the La
dies' Auxiliary of California Com
mandery No. 1, Knights Templar, in
Eutopia Hall. Mrs. S. Clark, Mrs. R.
Neil, Mrs. Prank • Johnson, Mrs. A.
Huber and Mrs. Easton were admitted
to membership, after which there waa
a discussion of a number . of projects
for social features : for-the season. The
first suggestion adopted was the one
to have a leap-year party-in.Stfeinway
Hall on February 29. The auxiliary
will not issue any invitations as a body,
but each member will be - responsible
for her own guests and their welfare.
Dancing, cards and light refreshments
will be the order of the evening.
Prepares .to Give Leap Year Party to
Members and Friends in Steimvay
Hall in February.
AUXILIARY OF TEMPLARS
HOLDS JANUARY MEETING
controlling a majority of the votes and
overruling the decision of the executive
< ommittee at the next meeting.
Several of the larger and more influ
ential dealers when approached on the
subject stated that no such action as
that contemplated by the small dealers
would be taken, and it was pointed out
'.hat the by-laws .of the association con
tained provisions for just such cases,
which would justify the action of the
executive committee in levying the as
sessment. Thus the matter stands, and
unless some strong pressure is brought
to \Hinr on the belligerent members the
outcome of the trouble will be the dis
ruption of the association.
merely to fight the battles of the larger
houses and declared that they would
pot submit to sue^i arbitrary treatment.
One well-known jobber was making a
canvass of the wholesale quarter yes
terday soliciting signatures to a peti
tion calling for a special meeting to
OliHlff tho matter.. There are quite a
few of ihese disgruntled dealers in the
association, and they are confident of
The recent difficulty between the
:?tate Board of Harbor Commissioners
and commission merchants who were
charged with violating the Woodward
law has hoon productive of trouble in
the cami' of the Wholesale Fruit and
Produce Merchants' Protective Associa
tion. The trouble originated when the
executive committee of the association
decided to levy an assessment of $10 on
all inemljors for the purpose of defray
ing th^ exMcnse of the litigation now
betes carried on In the courts against
the Harbor Commissioners, and it has
leached such proportions as to threaten
to disrupt the organization.
On December 3 the permits to sell
perishable produce on the State
wharves which had previously been is
sued to Wolf & Sons. Wetmore Broth
ers, McDonough & llunyon and L. Sea
tona. & Co. were revoked by the board
<«n the ground that the holders of the
permits were violating the Woodward
law. These firms immediately secured
the cervices of Attorney J. B. Reinstein
and proceeded to fight the matter in
i ho courts. The association was then
tailed upon to defray* the expenses of
the litigation by the merchants in
volved, who claimed that they as rep
resentative fin::s of the commission
lousiness were acting in the interests of
all commission merchants who are
members of the association, and not for
personal reasons alone.
The executive committee met last
creek to consider the request and de
cided upon favorable action. This cre
ated quite a stir on the street, particu
larly among small dealeis and jobbers
who do not transact business on the
wharves. The action of the committee
came in for much unfavorable com
ment, and several of these small deal
ers claimed that they were being taxed
Friend Charles Bent : Keep a brave heart
and think of poor unf ortunat friend some
time- I wanted to. have social talk with you
and do or say what could wish. Farewell, and
hope your future more pleasant than mine for
some time oast.
Ags 74 years S months. -",--'
To A. J. Vayssie was addressed the
following note:
>I had hoptd to avoid the wrongs of the past
and. present, but fate has followed' me and
have not done as should who has been so pa
tient and Indulgent in the past. If others
with whom I have had business dealings had
done right I should not have been cornered as
now and see no hope for the (uture. ....
The • following note was left for
Charles Bent: - '
To the Officers and Members of California
Lodge «No. 1, Knights of Pythias: Perhaps
what. I have decided to do may be wrong, but
the end must come soon to all and better now
before . more ' troubles, and disappointments
come, and I have had my share In the Ions
past, partly my own .fault, too late now to
rectify. Had hoped all of this might have been
avoided. My last wish is to be cremated with
little expense and little ceremony.
• W. J. DEAN.
Seventy-four years old, alone in the
world, penniless and unable to obtain
employment • at his trade as cariage
maker, Warren J. Dean, who lived for
the last twenty years in the Hancock
House, at 781 Mission street, ended his
life last Friday night by inhaling illu
minating gas through a rubber tube. The
body was found yesterday morning ly
ing in bed with one end of the tube in
his mouth. Several notes in pencil lay
on a table in the room. One of these
read as follows:
Harvey's condition is such that he
can throw' no light on the case. All
day he lay in a condition of semi-con
sciousness, rousing but once long
enough to give his name and address.
To Questions addressed him he gave
Incoherent answers, at various times
answering similar interrogatories both
in the affirmative and the negative.
Dr. Lisner, who is attending the case,
admits that he is very much puzzled.
He diagnosed it as coma resulting from
a diseased condition of the kidneys,
bowels and heart. So far as Dr. Lianer
could . ascertain, the man has at no
time showed symptoms of poisoning by
strychnine. As a precaution Dr. Llsner
removed the contents of" the patient's
stomach and sent them to the city
chemist for analysis. A superficial ex
amination of the contents showed that
Harvey had not been drinking, but that
his stomach was not properly perform
ing its functions, as the food partaken
of Friday night was but partly digest
ed. Harvey's employers and -fellow
workmen say he was not to
the use of licuor. but was subject to
epileptic fits. He Is apparently about
63 years of age.
Keller, the dead man, waa a native
of Germany, about 43 years of age. The
police say he was an ex-convict and
served seven years for burglary under
the name of Schmidt. • .
The dead- man was not known to
have any enemies around the camp
that might wish to injure him and the
poison could hardly have been admin
istered in the food, as none of the other
employes showed any symptoms of ill
ness during the day. The workmen em
ployed at the camp are not permitted
to take any liquor on the premises and
none is sold there. So far as can be
learned Keller was sober when last seen
alive. A careful search of the prem
ises was made by the Coroner's depu
ties, but no poison could be found in
the shanty inhabited by the men.
HARVEY SEMI-CONSCIOUS.
. This theory would fit the case very
nicely were it not for the discovery
made by Dr. Bacigalupi at the Morgue.
When .Dr. Bacigalupi performed the
autopsy on the body of the dead man
he found the vital organs in a normal
condition, aside from the fact that they
showed indications that. the man had
been a heavy drinker. None of them
were so badly diseased as tir cause
death; In fact, no immediate cause of
death could be ascertained.
Dr. Bacigalupi gives it as his opinion
that the man's death was caused by
some poison, presumably strychnine.
The contents of the stomach were re
moved and with other portions of the
body sent to the city chemist for analy
sis. "". V •"•¦
Other developments in the case,. how
ever, indicate that at least one of the
men met with foul play or else de
liberately ended his life. Harvey and
Keller occupied one of the little shan
ties or bunk houses connected with the
company's plant at Huntera Point.
Friday night they dined with the other
employer of the concern, about thirty
in number, at the common mess table.
Yesterday morning H. Conway, a
watchman, while making his rounds
found Keller lying dead en the lioor
and Harvey unconscious by his side.
Both were, dressed in their underclothes
and had apparently been preparing to
go to bed for the night, when they
were suddenly stricken. The body of
the dead man was taken to the Morgue
and Harvey was removed to the City
and County Hospital.
The police were at once notified and
Immediately began theorizing on nat
ural causes and built up a strong case
to support their theory. They learned
that Keller had been treated at the
City and County Hospital about a week
ago for alcoholism and heart disease.
Harvey, his roommate, is an epileptic.
According to the theory evolved by
the police. Keller was again stricken
with delirium tremens and Harvey be
came so frightened that he fell into
an epileptic fit.
BACIGALUPI SAYS POISON.
Mystery surrounds the sudden death
of Charles Keller and the peculiar ill
ness of ' James Harvey, laborers em
ployed by the Alaska Codfish Company
at the drying plant at Hunters Point.
The police incline to the theory that
Keller's death waa due to natural
causes and that Harvey's illness is oc
casioned by a malady from which he
has lone suffered.
The board stopped the contractors for
the Red Men's Hall, now building on
Golden Gate avenue and Leavenworth
street, from obstructing the street with
loads of lumber. The contractors were
compelled to secure storage room on a
nearby vacant lot.
The board laid off Edward Keagan, a
janitor.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
rescinded its former action in raising
the pay of painters in its employ from
$3 50 to 54 per diem, with the privilege
of a half-holiday on Saturdays with loss
of pay for the half-day. A committee
consisting of L. R. Boynton and T. C
Butterworth from the Affiliated Build
ing Contractors appeared before the
board and stated that its action would
cause trouble, as the standard wages
paid to painters under the rules of the
Building Trades Council was 53 50 a
day. The committee said that the fact
that the board had raised the pay
would necessitate the general raising
of the wages.
After putting the wages of its paint
ers back to the original figure of $3 50
per day, the board postponed further
consideration on the petition of its
painters for an increase until such time
as the agreement of the Master Paint
ers' Association and painters establish-,
ing wages at $4 per day shall go into
effect, probably on March 1.
The board denied the petition of P.
Labordue to lay sidewalks on Park Lane
street, between Second and Third.
The report will be transmitted to the
Board of Supervisors at its meeting to
morrow for the purpose of enabling it
to establish a basis of valuation of the
properties and upon -which it may fix
and determine water rates to be
charged the city and county and its in
habitants for the year commencing
July 1, 1904, and ending June 30. 1905.
In making the appraisement the
Board of Public Works submits a list
of all lands, water rights, reservoir
sites and tangible property of all kinds
belonging to the company, together
with a specific statement of valuation in
each instance.
City Engineer Grunsky yesterday
filed with the Board of Public Works
an appraisement of the properties of
the Spring Valley Water Company
actually, used in furnishing: the city
and county of San Francisco and the
inhabitants thereof with a pure and
wholesome supply of water. The report
fixes the valuation of the company's
plant at about $25,000,000. exclusive of
an appraisement of $1,400,000 for estab
lished business which the Supervisors
eliminated in fixing last year's water
rates.
Levying of Assessment Causes
Considerable Dissatisfaction
Among Handlers of Produce
Board Rescinds Former Raise
Until Matter of Standard
Pav Is Permanently Fixed
Police Inclined to the Natural
Cause Theory, but Much Yet
Remains to Be Explained
Unable, to Secure Employment
He Becomes Despondent and
. Makes His Exit From Life
ORGANIZATION IN DANGER
BACIGALI'PI SAYS POISON
PAINTERS' WAGES ARE CUT
ASKS TO BE CREMATED
Small Dealers Protest Against
the Action of the Protec
tive Association Committee
Mystery Surrounds the Sudden
Death of Charles Keller and
Illness *of James Harvcv
Submits Figures on Valuations
of Spring Valley Company's
Plant for l : se by Supervisors
Aged Carriage-Maker Writes
Notes of Apology to His
Friends and Inhales Gas
Meeting of Astronomical Society of the Pacific Is Made
Occasion of Important Ceremony in Which: Men That
Seek to Solve Mysteries of the Heavens Participate
FRUIT DEALERS
FACE TROUBLE
GRUNSJY FILES
APPRAISEMENT
WARREN DEAN
ENDS HIS WOES
TWO STRICKEN
IN LONELY HUT
NEW INSTRUMENTS AND BUILDINGS
ARE DEDICATED TO USE OF SCIENCE
\Eage03 to 44
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31,-1904.
Pages 33 to 44
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater In stock. San Francisco Gas
and Klectric Company, 415 Post street, "QUARREL OF LOXG STANDING
CUL5UXATES IN SHOOTIXG
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 30.— Thomas
Delaney, at one time president of the
Mojave branch of the "Western Federa
tion of Miners, was shot and killed at
Mojave yestrday morning by Charles
Jin a match of association football
played on the ground hear the cotton
mills, , East - Oakland, yesterday the
Pirates defeated a Seamen's Institute
team by two goals to nothing. The
ball was , kicked off at 3:45 and two
thirty-five-minute periods were played.
Henry Roberts, secretary of the Cali
fornia Association Football League,
was the referee.
The sailors' team was made up 'of
officers, apprentices and men from,
the; British 8i)ips Cissie, Gahjate,-Lis
more.'Loch Troon. Thalatta and Gen
eral/Roberts. It was weakened by
the absence of several *¦ strong. players,:
whose vessels .have left this port. Dur
ing the f first :, period the ; Pirates had
somewhat: the -better of the game,' but
neither side scored. Knight, in- goal,
and 'Holland,' at right back, made sev
eral good saves for thesailors. : In the
first ' two minutes of the second ' half
the ball: was passed from-the < - right |
wing to Chambers, who put" it through it
for the? Pirates. The seamen made |
so me gallant attacks on the Pirates'
goal/but were not able to score. :Be
fore the end of the match the Pirate3 J
scored a second goal, Milne putting
the ball '^between , the posts- .'The
teams occupied' the following positions
In^tjhe^fleld: ' ;- y-,
i'iratf s. j Positions.'. * • Se.im.sn.
McKen na .......... Goalkeeper Knight
"J. Orchardeon . . . . .~ Left back. . . . ./. : . .Hauzcur I
Thompson.... . Right baek.;,Holland (capU) J
Jan. OrchardEon IWt halfback Usher t
Bell (captain) .. . . . .Center ¦¦• halfback. . '. .Watson I
Moles." ; . ..'.Right halfback. . .'. .v. .Todd !
McMaster. . . ...... .Outside left .. . . :. . .Podmore j
Guilbert . .......... Inside left. .'. ... . .McCarthy
Milne. V. ...... ... . .Center forward. ;McOlas*->n
Chambers. ..... i • .'.Inside right."". .".'. . .
Symons. ......... .'. Outside right. . . . . Adelitoo*
PIRATE FOOTBALL; ELEVEN
BEATS BRITISH. SAILORS
FRESNO. Jan. 30.— The Jury in the case of
Mrs. M. Zipperlen against the Southern Pa
olflc Railroad Company to-night brought ln a
verdict in favor of the plaintiff for $4125. ' tn
1DC0 Mrs. Zlpperlen was driving across tlto
railroad track in Fresno, when her buggy was
run Into by an engine. ; . ¦
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 30. — Creecent City
result*;
First race, .selling, seven furlongs — Bronx
won, Floyd K second, Lampoon third. Dmt,
1:29 >4. . ! \TV
Seeond race, five furlongs — Redman ' won,
Tom Klley second. Exclamation third. Time,
1:02 4-6.
Third race, six furlongs — Scorpio won. As
cension second. Duelist third. Time, 1:15.
Fourth race, cne mile. Merchants' handicap,
sweepttakt* — Captain Arnold won. Floral King
second, Tribe'6 Hill third. Time, 1 :42 3j.*5.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Hands Across won. Mynheer second, Charlie
Thompson third. Time. 1 :4~ 4-5.
Sixth race, ont- mile and five furlongs, sell
ing — Handspinner wot. Baronet fecund, Com
jiass third. Time, 2:54.
NEW ORLEANS RACE RESULTS.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 30>— "El Cam
ino Real" convention, composed of
representatives from several counties
of Southern California, convened In
the Chamber of Commerce rooms this
morning. Nearly 300 enthusiastic
supporters of the project to restore the
ancient highway were present. A. G.
Fleming was ohosen chairman and
Mrs. H. G. Bussenius of the Los An
geles Chapter of the Native Daughters
secretary. After the appointment of
committees by the chair addresses
were delivered by Charles P. Lummls,
H. R. McNoble, grand president of the
Native Sons, and Bishor* Johnson.
Deletes Talk of Old Highway.
Uncle Hank Harris made known to
the world yesterday that his ball team
that will represent San Francisco- dur
ing the season of 1904 is complete. If
nobody jumps it will line up in th» first
battle the way Uncle gives it out. Ju-'
how good a ball team Hank has under
his wing will be known as soon as. The
fans see It in action. Till then we will
have to take Uncle's word for it that
his tossers are the swellest bunch that
ever came down Eighth street.
The team complete is as follows:
Pitchers— Bert Jones, James Whalen
Win Cutter, Stanley Yerkes; catchers.
Tom Leahy and Hans Hanson; first
base, William Massey; second base, An
drew Anderson; third base. Charles Ir
win; shortstop, J. C. Gouchnauer; out
fielders—Pat Meany, E. J. Waldron, Jo
seph Marshall; utility man, Bert Del
mas.
The team on paper looks pretty good,
and Uncle says it will perform better
than it\ louks. There are many of the
old familiar faces among those who
will labor for Hank, and. also many
new ones who will have to be Intro
duced to the San Francisco ,fans.
For instance, Bert Jones, one of the
two new slab artists, Is a south paw
and played last year with the Colo
rado Springs team of the Western
League. He has a good reputation as
a high grade pitcher and is known to
line *em out to the fence at times when
hitfl'are needed. Yerkes, the other
curvs'ter, is an ex-National Leaguer,
having played with St. Louis for some
time. He is a six-foot kid and has
some speed. \
Bill Masaey, the new first baseman,
played with Toronto in the- Eastern
league last year. He has. the reputa
tion of being able to clout the ball a
city block, and his average last - year
was.328.for the season. Andy Ander
son, the guardian of the second sack,
played with Portland last year and
everybody knows him. - '
Gouchnauer. the man who will take
Danny Shay's place, is one of the fast
est shortstops in the business,
but «he can't hit. He was a
Btaf-wlth the =• Cleveland Ameri-.
can League for two years and was al
ways a favorite with the fans. If; he
is stiJl as fast as - he waa two years
ago he will easily fliythe place left va
cant by Shay.
Two: new faces will be seen in the
outfield, those of .Waldron and Mar
shall. -Waldron isa left handed hitter
and always hits around the ; .300 , mark.
He wore a Kansas City suit last year
arid in 1902 chased flies for the Washr!
ington Senators in the American
League. Marshall played with " San
Francisco of ¦ the : -, Pacific 1\ National
League last year and finished the ' sea*
son with Pittsburg. He is ¦ known; to
all the fans here.
Irwin will capt^n the team again
. Eddie Hanlon and Kid Broad were
about town yesterday spry and chipper
after their hour of fast boxing the
previous night. . Both bCys made good
wages. The receipts totalled $3600. Of
this the *club received one-half, while
Hanlon took $1170 and Broad $630.
' Hanlon, accompanied by his brother
and by Billy Delaney and Harry Foley.
will leave for 'the East to-morrow
morning. Both Hanlon and Foley ex
pect to secure a number of bouts while
away. They have also been offered sev
eral theatrical engagements. They will
remain East as long as there is any
thing to keep them busy.
Hanlon learned a number of practl-.
cal Iessops on Friday night. He found
that he has developed into a full
fledged lightweight and that 133 pounds,
at which he entered the ring, is his
best notch. He also found that an ex
perienced second like Billy Delaney is
of tremendous advantage, both before
and during a fight. In hi» previous
fights he has been seriously handi
capped in having inexperienced ad
visers. ¦ • . ¦
The leeson which should prove of
great value to him is that heretofore
he has been wofully overtrained. 'As
he leads a careful life he does not need
the amount of work a less temperate
boxer; would require. If Hanlon" is
shrewd in his matchmaking he should
return from the East undefeated, and
it will then take a 'great man to lower
his colors.
Names of the Men Who. Are
to Appear in San •Francisco
Suits Given Out by Magnate
The Californian Boxer Has
Many Offers of Matches and
of Theatrical Engagements
UNCLE'S TEAM
NOW COMPLETE
HANLOM READY
TO START EAST
run at the track across the bay last
Monday. In the same race Hedley
bet $2000 on Telephone. Robinson,
however, stated that he made no
proposition of any kind to Hedley that
was not legitimate. His story was
that he secured the $1000 to bet on
Telephone for his owner, Bob Smith,
the winnings to be used to protect the
three-year-old in case of a "boosL"
Three others. Dave Cox, George W.
Williams, formerly an agent for Bar
.ney Schreiber, and Ben Pincus vitre
also ruled off the turf by the stew ards
for fraudulent practices. The men
were accused* of bunkoing P. Van
Loon, proprietor of the Franklin Ho
tel, the circumstances of which were
published in this paper on Friday.
and "will play the third sack. Tommy
Leahy retains his eld Job' behind the
bat, with, Hans Hanson 4 as : an assist
ant.' Hans 'Tberformed In the ! Pa-cific
National League last season and did
some good work with the big- mitt.
Uncle says his team is the hardest
hitting bunch he ever had. -Every. man
on the team is a slugger, with the ex
ception of Cutter, Yerkes, Whalen and
Gouchnauer. The team will soon come
together and commence practice for the
openingof the season.
James* A. Hart, president of the Chi
cago National League team, arrived
here yesterday and will be joined here
by Ned Hanlon of Brooklyn and Ben
Johnson,' president of the American
League, [next Tuesday. The conference
with the Pacific Coast League mag
nates will then take place.
PORTIjAXD'S IiIN v E-UP.
Manager Ely Practically Completes
His Team for This Season.
PORTLAND, Jan. 30.- — Manager
Ely of the Browns will mail to San
Francisco to-day a list of the players
he expects to use in his team this sea
son. His men are all lined up with
the exception of his pitchers. and he
is hopeful of hearing from Waddell
daily. It* is necessary for this list to
be in Saiy Francisco February 1, when
the meeting - will : be held with the
peace cdmmittee from the East. The
line-up of the Browns so far as ob
tainable at this time is as follows:
Pitchers, Thlelman, Shields and But
ler; catchers, Shea and Steelman; first
base'. Jerry Freeman; second base,
Beck and Ely; third base, Ike' Fran
cis; shortstop. Castro; outfield, Na
d<iau. Drennan and McCreedle.
LOS ANGELES, Jan, 30.— The Ingle
wood .handicap, at a mile and three
quarters over seven hurdles, was the
feature of a "good card to-day at Ascot.
It-wa.s fourth on the programme and
five jumpers wtnt to the post. Corrl
gan's entry, Charawind and Martin
Brady, was held at the almost prohibi
tive odds of 2 to 5. Brady set a hot
pace, with Poorlands always in close
attendance. . Charawind laid well back,
but came oji at the last half-mile post
and won by two lengths. Poorlands fin
ished second by half a length. Three
favorites and two second choices won.
One of the futures of the card was
the splendid riding of E. Walsh. He
piloted three winners to the wire and
outrode Redfern in the fourth race on
Forturratus, and again in the last race
on Elfin King.
Pat Bulger won the first race from
Elwood, Palm Reader being third.
The start in the ' two-year-old race
was all in favor of Lady Lasca, and she
won easily, with Woodclaim second and
Tim Hurst third, i .
Platonius, at, 6 to 1, took the third
race from Moor, Ultruda being third.
Greenock, the favorite, was beaten oft.
Chub was a strongly played favorite
for the, fifth number, but had no speed.
Fortunatus, at 4 to 1, run a fine race,
winning from M; F. Tarpey by a head.
Paul Whaley was third.
Elfin King under a vigorous" ride by
E. Walsh won the last race from Re
dan, Tower of Candles being third.
Weather perfect.
SUMMARY.
First race, five furlonss — Pat. Bulger, 107
(BolanU); S to 5, won; Elwood, 107 (Redfern),
f- to 2. second; Palm Reader. 102 (Lewis). 12
to 1. third." Time, .1:01%. Sais, Banquero.
Golden Boy and Gottlieben also ran.
Second race, three and a Ifclf furlongs-
Lady Lasca. 114 (Kedfern). 1 to 3, won; Wood
claim, U5 (E. Walsh). 7 to 1, second; Tim
Hurst. 112 (J. ¦ B(iand). 5 to 1. third. Time.
:4_. i.apitanazo, tc\ otros and Devon B also
ran. *
Third race, mile and an eighth, 'nelling—
Platonius, «8 (E. Walsh), 6 to 1, won; Moor,
KG {Euxton). 3>,i to 1. second; Ultrutla, «S (J.
Lewis), 10 to 1, tWrd. Time. ' 1:54%. Silver
FIkz. Greenock and El Fonso also ran.
...E, ( ?! lrth race ' the Inglewoort hurdle handicap.
512C0 add<;d. mile and six furlongs — Charawind
Ii5 -(McHugh). 2 to H, won; Poorlands, 167
(Archibald), S to 1, second: Martin Brady. 125
(Murphy). 2 to 5, third. Time, 3:16%. Ceylon
and Indian II also ran.
Fifth rac«. milo and a sixteenth, handicap —
Fortunatus. 100 (E. Walsh). 4 to 1. won- M F
Tarpey. 100 fReUfern), 7 to 2, second: Paul
W'halsy, 85 (Anderson). 9 to 1. third. Time.
1U7>4. CWebration, Chub and Princess Tulane
also ran. «
Sixth race, nix furlongs. roIIInK — Elfin King.
102 (E. Walsh). 4 to 1, won; Redan, 113 (Red
fern), .7 to 5. second; Tower of Candida, 105
<BIrkcnruth), 9 to 1. third. Time. 1:14.
Geheimness, Little MarKaret. Sam Greene- and
Plrato also ran.
Pilots Three Winners Under the
Wire and Cleverly Outrides
Bedfern. on Two Occasions
There is a strong Southern flavor
about the name Miss Betty, and it was
fit that she should rule favorite for
"the Oaks," decided 5-esterday at Oak
land race course.
Unfortunate!?, Garnet Ferguson's
filly finished third instead of first for
the valuable prize, worth $2340 to the
winner. The race always i\as a good
drawing card and 5000 people saw the
ton stylishly bred misses parade on
their way to the post. »It was not a
really high-class field, but it was an
evenly matched one, making specula
tion all the more rife. Workouts ap
peared to cut a strong figure, as a mile
and a furlong was farther than any of
the fillies had previously been asked to
Miss Betty, with Jack Martin up, had
-the call at S to 5. with Dungannon, Red
Cross and Cap and Gown next in
demand. The latter, owned by Dr.
Rowcil, was new to the public, but as
she had covered the journey in a work
out in a manner that pleased the crit
ics, came in for steady support.
JGUXSY I/ALTS CLEVER RIDE.
- Cap and Gown was returned the win
ner. a«d to Johnny Daly is due much
'of the credit for her victory. Daly
waited behind the pacemakers. Silent
T .Vater, Red Cross Nurse and Anirad, to
the turn for the stand, and then, tak
ing the lead, with his mount, led Ani
rad out a length at the wire in 1:55.
Miss Berty either sulked or was
slightly bothered at the far turn, drop
ring back a length or two. She closed
strongly though through the stretch,
taking the show from Dunga-nnon.
As six favorites were toppled over,
the bookies had much the better of
the argument. The sport was exeel-
Jent. if the favorites did not score,
and thr different winners were cora
jflled to run fast. Horatius, a 16 to 1
outsider, won the handicap, equaling
the coast record for one and a six
teenth miles. In the concluding
ownt Goldrn Light, another rank out
fcider, lowered the coast record for one
mile and fifty yards to 1:42%.
Sea Air, the mount of .Tommy
Burns, was installed favorite for the
two-yoar-old scramble at half a mile.
The* lHly rar a.u excellent race, but
could iiot overhaul Arisbe, ridden by
r-uHniaii. which jumped away in the
lead and was never headed. Bill
Short stayed with the winner for three
;md a half furlongs, and, then tiring,
finished third.
LUSTIO IX>SES BY A HEAD.
Although Kleinwood is a "mudder,"
the oolt had shown good form of late
i&cd was made favorite for the open
5iiji event. I!e was pocketed the first
part of it and finished third. Lustigr,
an I (o 1 shot, made all the running,
•sr.ly to be beaten out a head at the
v ire by George Berry, a 5 to 1 chance,
Mith Foley up.
The faint-hearted Glendenning. an
t> to 5 choice, furnished the disap
pointment in the Futurity course run
following. He took the lead from
Narra G ' n the far turn, and, entering
stretch, jooked a winner. As the
"-wire was approached Larsen found the
first choice faltering under him, and
ro .'imount or persuasion could make
nim last. Narra G, the runner-up
was also v.tary. and St. Winnifridc,
riddon by Oliphant, won by two
lengths with the utmost ease. Cllan
dennlng ran third. Bay Wonder mijht
l»ave be<?n a contender with a more
experienced lider up.
Only five started in the mile and a
sixteenth handicap, and Horatius, at 16
to 1, surprised his own stable folks by
galloping in ahead of Joe" Lesser in
coast record time for the distance,
I:IS)(. With Soothsayer out of the way
the smart ones figured it out ajj, easy
spot for the three-year-old Mendon,
v.hich went to the post an 8 to 5 fa
vorite.
HORATIUS AX EASY WINNER.
The latter cut out the running for
seven-eighths of a mile, with Horatius
as a side nartner. Kunz then let th«
latter down, and assuming the front
position he heat Joe Lesser like break
ing stickF. Mendon was kept busy beat
ing out Stilicho for the show.
Owner Charley McCafferty's Golden
Litfht. which finished third to Scotsman
and Mimo on the preceding day,
showed vastly improved form by cap
turing the last number, a mile and fifty
yards selling affair, with 10 to 1 about
him in the ring. In a bumping affray
at the ftart Kunz was thrown from
Somenop, and the riderless horse led
the field a length or two the entire
route. The Fretter led for two-thirds
of the journey, when Goldeh Light
closed strongly on the outside under
Foley's urging, downing the favorite,
Heather Honey, a length in l:42?i.
NOTES OF THE THACK-
Dr. Rowell purchased Cap and
Gown at St. Louis.
Twenty-five boots cut In. Among
the new men on the block was the
familiar flgrure of Riley Grannan.
Charley Henshall was reported to
have had a small bet down on Some-
After the decided improvement
?hown by Golden Light ,,the e > Judges
suspendfd the stable of Charley Mc-
Cafferty.
King Uedley was ruled off the turf
by the stewards at Oakland yesterday.
Hedley admitted giving Harry Rob
inson 51000, the sum to be used to
"stop" Xamtor and Rosarie in a race
OAKLAND RACETRACK — SATURDAY. Jan. 30. — Weather fine. Track fast. .
5504. FIUST RACE— Six furlongs; gelling; 3-year-olds; value to first; $325. "
Index j Horse and Owner. VVtSt. Yi . %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
fiSC2 JGcorgc Berry (Bottger & Co.) 102 4 ... 3 11^3 1U2 n 1 h Foley *¦ " *
6V4 Lustlj (B. Schrelber) 107 3 ... 1 liii 2 1 H£2 IV. Burns 6 • 7
8S71 Klelmrood (Moehier & Co.).. 112 5 ... 5 1^4 n 4 n' 3 na Bullman .- 2 5-2
LSC2 |\Vaterspout <U. A. Smith) UM 1 ... 2 h 2 h 3 2 4 h Larsen « ?
&Sfi2 IBombardier <F. Skinner) 104 8 ... 0 0 5 U 5S J. Martin.. 3 16-5
(OCMMLamorie (Blasingame Bros.). 101 7 ... On in 82 On Crosswaite 20 30
5307 |Vaughan (Mrs. Hertzell) HC 6 ... 4h 6 Vi 6 n 7 2 Oliphant .. 30 CO
f>433 {The Jew (R. Wilson) 06 9 ... 8 n 8 2 7- >4 8 12 R. Wilson.. 40 150
5762 | Ru via (Garden City Stable) ¦*¦ 102 2 ... 7 h 5 1%D 9 J. T. Shehn 30 60
Time — :2<H. :4S»i. 1:14%: At*po«t'l minute. Off at 2:13 Berry, place. 0-6; show. 3-5.
Lustig. place. 11-5; show, 1. Klelnwood show 2-5. Winner b s c. *y Puryear D-
Georgria. Trained by E. a. Harmon. Scratched — Sailor Knot, Harbor. Start fair. Won
in a hard drive of five. Winner was well ridden and outstaved LusUgv Klelnwood did
not have clear sailing on the back stretch, but made a good stretch run. Waterspout
quit. Martin on Bombardier was aslecp'at the start, or that horse would have won.
Vaughan showed speed.
0S05. SECOND RACE — Four furlongs; purse; 2-year-olds; vatue to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt|St. % '. %^ *? - Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
(."TOO) Arlsbe (Xapa Stock Farm) lllj 1 2 1%1 n 1% Bullman .. 3 1C-5
CS35 Sea Air (Mrs. C. E. Miller).. 105 3 ..^ ... 3 2 3 2 2 2*j Burns 11-6 11-5
CS35 nil! Short (A. T. Dobson) . . . 103 2 ... ... 1 h " 2 Y» 3 1 \t, Larsen .... G 11-2
5KJ5 Eduardo (B. & W.) 101 6 5 2',£5 % 4 2 Bell 0 8
(SK.15) Mogregor <Bianchi & Co.) 114 5 6 8 4 n 5 '^ See . ... 10 20
6751 ILlberty Star tH. E. Rowell).. UH 4 4 % 6 10 6 15 J. Martin.. 7-2 18-5
ITar Flat <San Joaquin Stable) 107 8 7 n 7 2 7 n J» T. Shehn 30 60
58S5 Uly Golding (J. T. Collins).. 107 7 . 8 Y, & 4 8 8 OUphant .. 25 100
.... Alencon (C. Young) 110| 9 ... ... 0 9 8 . W. Waldo.. 20 SO
Time— :24. :tS%. At post l\t, minutrs. Off at 2:43«/i. Arl*be, place, i; show. 1.-2. Sea
Air. place. 9-10; ehow 2-5. Short, show, 11-10. Winner, b. t.. by Brutus-Annie
Buckingham. Trained by C. W. Carroll. Scratched — Edith Vice. Start straggling. Won
In a drive of three. Arlsbe made Bill Short throw down his hand and then, stood oft
the favorite's challenge. Liberty Star ran a poor race. Alencon very green.'
CS»O. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. • [WtiSt. % . Vt- %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! Cl".
CS74 (St. Winnifride. 4 iPalnter).. 94 3 ... 3 2^3 2 3 2^12 Oliphant .. 3 1(5-5
5C5S INarra G. « (Cy. Stulkey) 92 2 ... 1^2 1^2 121 Hildebrand 7-2 4
(5C33>jGlendennln*. 5 <Ht mmond). .. 100| 4 ... 2 1^1 4 11 3 4 Larsen 6-5 S-5
<5S83) : nay Wonder. 4 (Newman) 9S 5 ... 4 2 4 4 4 2 4 5 Travers ... 5 21-5
5*24 iRoyal White. 4 (Lloyd Co 1 .). 1X>| 6 . . . 6 6 0 5 h Vandrbout 100 300
5?4g_ISlni_W. a <C. McCafferty) . . . .__ 101 11 ... 5 1^5 2 5 10 Foley 100 150
Time— :23*i. :47V4. 1:09^. At post 1 minute. Off at-*3:10H. Wlnnlfrlde. place,. 9-10;
show. 1-3. Narra O place tt-5; chow, 1-2. Glendenning, show 1-3 Winner, ch. m.
by St. Carlo-Santa. Cruz., Trained by W. C. Hulchinson.. Scratched — Mlsty's Pride,
Laura F M. Capable. Start good. Won easily Second . driving hard. Third stopping.
Winner was well rated. Xarra G was played. Larsen' waited too long with the favorite.
Bay Wonder weakly ridden.
5S97. FOURTH RACE— HJ miles; California Oaks; 3-year-old fillies; value to first. $2340.
Index I Horse and Owner. 1 Wt St. Vi . "%. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. OpT Cl".
Cap and Gown (H. E. Rowell)!ll2 1 6 2 5 h 4 ifc 1 V4 1 1 IJ Daly • 5 6
•5571 Anirad (Mr*. J. Coffey) 1121 7 ft «i 4 h 31 21^2% Bell ... 12 15
5703 MUs Betty (T. O. Ferguson). |112| 3 4 a; 6 2 52 3^33 J Martin.. 2 0-5
5S« Dungannon (Knebelkamp) I112| 4 82 71 61442 44 (Wonderly . 5 9-2
r>»« I Red Cross Nurse (Brown).... 112 9 2 1^42 n 2h 5 3 6 5 JHildebrand 9-2 6
T.S50 jWlKtaria (Mrs. J. F. Schorr). 105 8 7n 81 S3 7^6^ IKeed 15 30
«iS50(>Moalta <J. de la MonWnya).. 112| 2 .0 h 10 10 .9 1 7 1 |See 20 25
Ti347 jEthel Abbott (Mrs. Miller) 112| 5 3 h 3 \Vi~ 18 2 8n |Bullman ... 10- * 15
5450 JMIss M. Bowdish (Blsngame) 105|10 10 9 1%9 2 10 9 5 ICrosswaite 30 20
5550 [Silent Water <R. A. Smith). . .|112| 6 1 1H1 h 1 h 0 h 10 lLarsen S 10
Time— :24H. :43%. 1:16, 1:42H. 1:55. At pOst 1 minute. Off at 3:39. Cap, place. 3; show,
6-5. Anirad. place. 6; show. 3. Betty, show. 2-5. Winner, ch. f. by Wadsworth-Red
Press. Trained by H. E. Rowell. Start good. Won handily. Next two driving hard.
Cup and Gown had worked well and was probably best. She received perfect hand
ling. Anirad ran his race. Miss Betty sulked on the back stretch, but made a good
stretch run. Nurse quit. So did Silent Water. *Los Angeles index (5790).
5505. FIFTH RACE^ — One and a sixteenth miles: hndep. ; 3-yr.-olds and up; to first. $500.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %• %• %¦ Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
5717 Horatlus 4 (J J. McAlester). 100 4 2 1 2 1%2 1 In 1 Hi Kuna 10 1«
5S25 Joe Lesser. 0 (H. D. Beams).. 100 3 4 1 3 h 3 h 3 1>42 % Larsen • 6 23-5
<5S49)lM*ndrTi B (Dayton & Co.) 971 2 In lh lh 2^3n Hildebrand 3-2 8-5
5875 IStilicho 4 (\V B. Jennings).. 104| 1 3 % 4 H 5 4 1 4 4 jj Martin.. 3 5-2
5755 Uncubator. 4 (Van Meter).,.. 107| 5 5 5 4 «4 5 5 |Wcnderly . 9-2 11-2
Timt — :£4«4. :49Vi. 1:14, 1:39H. l:45Vi. At post 1 minuTe. Off at 4:0S. Horatlus, place, 5:
show. 8-5. Lcrsrr. placo. 7-5; show, 2-5. Mendon, show. out. Winner, b. h. by Odd
Fellow-Klnda. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Scratched— Soothsayer. ' Start good. Won
«asily. Next three driving hard. A needed rest put the winner right up on edgo 'and
hf- showed his best form. Jo<» Lesser ran his race. Mendon could not 'concede the
weight. Stllicho outclassed. Incubator ran poorly.
5S1>9. SIXTH RACE — One mile and fifty yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. Wt|St. H . Vfc. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. J Op! Cl"
5882 Golden Light. 6 (McCafferty). 104| 3 4^41 2^1111 IFoley 6. 10
(5729) Heather Honey. 4 (Leach).... O9| 2 2 % 3 h 3 Mj3 2 2 HilHlldebrand 7-5 .8-5
5S73 iThe Fretter. a (O'Rourke) 1O7I 112 1 mi 2 2 H 3 5 Oliphant .. 5-2 7-8
587S IHarry Beck 5 (J. A. Lynch) 1091 45 5 5 474 13 J. Daly 10' 7
5872 iChiler.o a (Bla3lngame Bros.)!l02| 5 3 % 2 1^4 n 5 5 Crosswaite 60 100
«5704)iSomeno's. 4 (C. T. Henshall). .|100| * 4 Kunz ...... 5-2 3
Tln,«._:23?i -.47%. I:l3»i 1:09^4. 1:42^4. At post li minute. Off at 4:35V,. Ught. place,
7-2: show. C-5. Honey, place. S-5; show. out. Fretter. show, 1-3. Winner, ch. g.
by Flambeau-Experiment. Trained by C. McCafferty. Scratched — Rosarie. Start good.
Won easily. Next two driving. Golden Light showed marked improvement over liia
race of the day before. Heather Honey was : cut down. The Fretter tired. Somenos
led the field from the start to finish riderless. *Threw rider. .. " •
JOCKEY:. WALSH IN,. FORM
Miss Betty, the Public
Choice, Finishes a
i - Close Third.
Ed Corrigan's Jumper Is Made
a Prohibitive Favorite and
Defeats JPooi'lands Handily
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
HURDLE HONORS
FOR CHARAWIND
CAP AND GOWN, RIDDEN BY JOHNNY D'ALY,
RUNS FIRST FOR THE CALIFORNIA OAKS
fHE SAN FRANCISCO ;CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1904.
Lamar, a bartender. The trouble i3 sup
posed to have been the outcome of an
old quarrel. Delaney broke into the
room where Lamar was sleeping. He
was armed, but there appears to be
some question as to who shot first, but
Lamar's shot was effective and Delaney
was killed. Lamar Is now In jail here
charged with murder.
34
I V j
i By Dr - Lawrence's ITew Perfect ed C ;
*£¦ Vacuum Developer
tj AND INVIGOHATOR. It quickly restores Lost Btnncth.'or Wa.n«4
f ' * !ta l Power and never falls to car* Vartcocel*. . Strictuu. ' Drains.
' '"-¦¦;« Weakness. Impotence or Prostattc TronWes. It posltlvelr dartloo* aad i
I.jj Tlullxet W»ak or Debilitated Organs, thus restoring full youthful Ttgor. g
¦-*;¦. * : CTTBU GUARANTEED OB MONEY BACX.
|E SJi ) To rrove the marvelous and poaltlv* icertts of tha VACtTCil •
TREATMENT yott mar take it on 10 days* trial and approval ABSO-
LUTELY FREE. W* ran back up every claim we make.- -
Call or 'writs to-day for 64-pas* Illustrated book Na. A. shotvlne mal* «rst«m -— 1
**pl«Jnlnr this wonderful, conventeat and elrapls HOME TREATMENT. 8«at ctatx
lealtd. fret.
We are - experienced physicians. Oar treatment tha best and our tees less t&aa "
one-half those of other strictly reliable «—»«»»«»¦ yjffl
CONSULTATION FREE and confidential at office or by maiL ours. 9 a. m. to
F p. m. Sundays. :o a. m. to 1 p. m. Open evenlncs.
lfO MO HEY HEQTJXRED TXZTTTX CUBJTD.
6 OTARRELL S T. Near Market. San f ranslssj */ \
Winter Eczema, sometimes callea Dry Eczema, or ® IKS^sM,
Tetter, is ose of the severest forms of this most torturing m 'm^^
. ::d cgrj^ravating of all skin diseases. As cold weather /Sllir
ipproaches the r.kin thickens and hardens, cracks and \V f^Bm
bleeds, and in bad cases crusts and sores form and the parts f^k£*&M
affected become intensely painful, tender and swollen ft^^Slte
The itching burning and smarting is so terrific at times WWm$F®
that the sufferer is made almost desperate, and the nerves "'Wmvm&r
are so unstrung that sleep » is My wif. ha* a breaiingr-ont below her knie..
impossible. Like all other At first red bump, appeared, but Boon whit*;
skin-torturing diseases, Win- fJ 18 , s 8 came » aa <* -when these would shed off
t»r Eczema i«5 ra««;pd hv nrid«; fr^ places w «^«l itch and burn bo that Bhe found
ttr eczema is caused by acids lt imp O . 8 ible to aleep. At times a yellow water
Circulating in the blood, and ran from the bumps. Our family physician pro-
xrhile soothinff applications no «»ced it Eczema, and prescribed ointments
arehelnful no la «;ti no- benefit and. powder*, but it kept spreading", breaklnff out
-re neiplul, no lasting Denent O n her body and arms, and almost dosed up her
can come from external treat- ears. The druggist at Garner told me to try
nent. The disease is in the ?• s * s> » which Bha did, fand aftar taking sereral
hWi • A! ZHiZ^ ««f ~« ;e b0 « 1 e» was cured, and la well to-day and has b«en
Diood ; the entire system is for ye ars. W. a: HOCUTT,
saturated with the poison and . Garner, N. O.
the blood aflame with the fiery acids, and only a remedy that enters into the
Si i '" circulation and destroys the poisons will afford lasting
f^5 |C^ re^cf from the torments of Eczema. S. S. S. has no
V^^ V^^ ecpial as a blood medicine, and has become the most
h^^J widely-known and popular blood purifier on the niar-
• keL If you have Kczema or any skin trouble origin-
ating from bad blood, you will find that S. S. S. acts promptly, purifying the
blood and building up the general health. ¦ Write us ; medical advice with-
outchargc THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
The goods which w^ere dama'ged by
the fire in our, factory last May
have been finished up .and go on
sale to-morrow regardless, of cost ;
also a lot of Perfect Winter Goods
which we do not want "to ~ carry
over. ; Among these there are:
SWEATERS and LEQOINQS for
men arid boys.
UNDERWEAR for men, women
arid children.
SDAWLS; and JACKETS for
women and girls.
SILK HOODS and CAPS for
babies.
COME Am IN VrSTiaATE. ;
KNIlJriNGCO^
6D GEARY ST. SAN FRWCISCO.
OPElf SATURDAYS UNTIL 10 P. M.
CLEARANCE SALE
And Second Annual
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
o©oe©©o©e©e®e®9o©©(j©©©O5®e9oo©oo©o0O©©®9©c9Ooa00OsooooscooocoQOOoos o
1 I Will Pay It to Any Man Suffering From Rheumatism, Lame Back, g
g Varicocele, Weakness and Waste of Power, If I Cannot Cure tifim g
S Quickly and Forever by tfce Grand Product of [Nature, Dr. McLaugh- o
8 * Hn's Electric Belt. Send for the Free Book. §
S ' " - : * : • ©
O l_ 0(3 iv It a ci li I V# j*^0"* mm^ m ' mm ' am iti "*sVk^ VV vui IL o
| Feel Manly; V While You |
I FREE ELECTRIC SUSPENSORY FOR WEAK HEnI
,©-•¦•' ¦ v,.% j:-''. . :»;: I. 1 -... O
© Tnis Electric Suspensory carries the current direct to the weak parts and cures all weakness of men. ©
• varicocele, etc. It is free. It develops and expands all weak organs and checks unnatural drains. No case of ©
I $ Failing Vigor, Varicocele or Debility can resist the powerful Electric Suspensory. It never faih to cure. It is ®
!§ free with Belts for Weak Men.
• ' No man should be weak; no man should suffer the. In the old style belts), and you fe*l the nerves tinsle ©
6 loss of that vital element which renders life worth liv- with the new life flowing into them. You get up in the ©
i © ing. No man should allow himself to become less a man morning feeling like a two-year-old. •&
A than nature intended him; no man should suffer for the Alfred S. Hamlln. 105 Elm street. Keno. Nev.: "My health d
q sins of his youth when there is here at hand a certain haa improved wonderfully during the past month. I feel better (J)
' A Cure for his weakness, a check to his waste of power. in every respect^ than I ever did. My back la stronger and I am q
a Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, better generally."
• heart, brain arid nerves from which men suffer are due An old man of .0 saya he feels as stror.gr and younj? £,
*% to an'early loss Of nature's reserve power through mis- as he did at 35. That shows how it renews the vigor of JL
2 takes of youth.- You need not suffer for this. You can youth. . **
• be restored. The very element which you have lost you It cures Rheumatism. Sciatic Paina. IVjmbaso. Kid- Jj*
9 can get I»ack, and you may/ be as happy as any man ney Trouble. It banishes pain in a night, never to re- O
O that lives. ; / turn. . - Q
© My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory Mr. George Tanner, Watsonvllle. Cal.: "I wore the Bolt ©
A (free) will restore your' power. It will check all un- <^'y * '«* times when all rain and weakness Wt my back. g%
A natural drains and give back the old vigor of youth. J recommended it to a friend up North who had a lam* back Q
S Just lately I have received letters of praise from these ior *«»"• » nd h * received wonderf.il results. **
Jg men* ¦ What ails you? Write and tell me. and. no matter ~1
S James P. Davi*. 709 Devisadero Btreet. San Francisco. He where you are. I think I can give you the address of »»
ft was cured of a. back trouble of 12 years 1 standing. *2 me On ? ln yOUr tOwn tnat l nave cured - l ve cured «
9 g 5V. Scott. Madieon. Yolo County. Cal.. an old man thousands and every man oi them is a walking adver- CJ
© of 75. who feels Hk6 a young buster of 20 since he has been tisement for my Br-lt. O
(£ using my Belt. Every man who ever used it recommends it becnuse Q
a J. ¦ M. Gasklll, 22t> Chestnut avenue, Santa Cruz. Cal.. who it is honest. It does great work, and those whom I Q
© says 1 cured him of Indigestion, Ccnstlpatton, Nervousness and - have cured are the more grateful because the cure cost **
Lumbago, from which he had suffered for fifteen years. so little. * " 5?
5 This drain upon your power causes Kidney Trouble. Every man who uses my Belt sets the advice and S?
¦ X- Rheumatism and Stomach Ailments. Yott know it's a counsel of a physician free. I Rive you all that any J2
O loss of vital power and affects every organ of the body. medical man can eive you and a lot that he can't. ••
• Most of the ailments from which men suffer can b'e Try my Belt. Call and see me and let mo show you ©
9 traced to it. . _ the Belt, or write me to-day for .my beautifully -lllus- O
© I have cured thousands of men who have squandered trated book with cuts showing how my Belt is' applied. O
A the savings of years in useless doctoring. and lots of good reading for men who want to be "The A
2 My Belt is easy to use; put it on when you go to bed; . Noblest Work of God." A MAX. Inclose this ad. and I **
m you feel the glowing heat from it (no sting or burn; as ; will send this book, sealed, free. 3£
8 n*~ /W C2 /V\oL?51JCrh1in 9O6 Market St. §
g JL- /I • / ? * • >^— «¦> / T &^l^dUHl 1111 1) ABJVB ELM?, CAN FRANCISCO. S
W^'jVvi- ' i - : -:.-i -^ ".•¦: "v ; . ¦ — * • m
O . Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 8 p.m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Xot sold In drug stores. O
§»e»®ooeco»oe«soQQaceeoogeeoe»»oeo»eo»»oeo®»ooeeocQOQocoogo3ocoogogQ
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
ADVEB,TISZME2ITS.
There are as many brands of whiskey ai> there are
bottlers to bottle it — there is one brand you can
• depend upon—Marquette, the whiskey of the
homes, because Marquette is pure and wholesome.
t ¦ . .
GROMMSS 8c XXLLSICH. SPOHir-FATKICK COUPAHTi
Distillers, 400 Battery Street. S. P., . I
Chicago, Illinois. . Telephoae Main E3G. ISANTA : FE. N. JW.. Jan. 80.— The Terri
torial Republican Central Committee to-dav at
Santa .Fe unanlmoualy . and- amidst cheering
passed a resolution to the effect that as ren^
resentatlves of the Republican party of New
Mexico ; they are entirely and j utterly opposed
to any . act of Consress provldlns for state
hood.Jolntly with Arizcna.
YICTpRIA'i \ B. C, Jan. 1 29.— As a re
sult' of ; a* contract having been made by
his legal firm with the. city, ; the election
of ; Mayor G. H. Barnard has been nul
lified 1 under; the, municipal clauses act;
and "an .'enabling j bill V •will- have .to be
passed by the British Columbia Legis
lature to reinstate him.
Election of Mayor Is , Nullified.
OAKLAND, Jan.' 30.— John W.
Mott, clerk- of Department 2 of the
Police Court, filetl his monthly state
ment, of fines and forfeitures to-day.
The total of fines for the month of
January was $908, of which $345 was
collected. Of thi3 amount $285 goes
to* the city and $60 to the county.
» W. J. Hennessy,' clerk * of Depart
ment 1, . also ; filed t his • monthly state
ment to-day,' showing the total amount
of fines imposed "during" January ¦ to
bo $1126. of which $469 50 was col
lected. The city receives $354 50 and
the county $115.
Court r Clerks File Statements.
Elks Demand u Rigid Inquiry.
SEATTLE, Jan. 29.— The local lodge
of Elks ¦ to-day - took steps to secure a
more rigid Inquiry Into the cause of the
wreck of the steamer Clallam by ap
pealing to the Department of Labor
and Commerce to instruct United States
Attorney Frye to examine witnesses.
It 13 represented to the department that
the Inspectors conducting- the inquiry
are not sufficiently skilled in cross-ex
amination to elicit all the material
facts from witnesses.
German Emperor Confers Decorations.
BERLIN, Janr 29. — In recognition of
their services to the stfcte, Emperor
¦William has had decorations conferred
upon Dr." Scholz, president, ;and Heir
Rathenau, general manager of the Cen
tral " Electric, Company of Berlin ; Herr
Denlnghoff, manager of the Society for
Experimentation in Rapid Electrical
Transit, and to several' engineers who
have been connected with these experi
ments.
Auburn Father Stabs His Own Son.
AUBURN; Jan7 29.— George tpno
stabbed his son with a miner's,candle
stick to-day and If is believed fatally
wounded hlmrThe men had been drink
ing." and after an arg^iment came to
blows. The father then picked up a
miner's candlestick and struck his son,
the nine-inch . point penetrating the
lung. The father is In Jail.
Thirty -convicts ' recently- escaped
from the Nikolosk-Ussurt Jail, la "Si
beria, by /driving a tunnel 180 feet long
under, the building.. :
NAPA, - Jan. 29.— Constable Spurr. of
St. Helena says that Mrs. Mary A.
Small, who disappeared from her home
in Oregon last August,' is now at the
St.' Helena Sanitarium. The station
agent at that plac§ had in his posses
sion one of the circulars sent out from
Oregon by the husband of the missing
woman. Noticing that the description
corresponded exactly with that of a
womanwho had recently come to the
sanitarium, he called Constable * Spurr's
attention to the matter. 1 Spurr reports
to .the Sheriffs office here that the
woman In question is undoubtedly Mrs.
Small. Small left here Wednesday, and
the authorities are now trying to find
him to Inform him of the situation.
St. Helena Constable Believes He Has
Located Mrs. Mary A. Small, Who
Disappeared Last August.
BIISSING OREGON WOMAN
SAID TO BE IN SANITARIUM
Missing; Man Is Found in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 29.— Charles
Lynn, son of Charles F. Lynn, r a
wealthy citizen of Cincinnati, president
erf the Queen .City Coal Company, has
been given Jnto the custody of a man
whom « his father sent from Ohio to
bring him home, and started East with
him to-day. Young Lynn left home
nearly a year ago and for months his
relatives knew nothing of his where
abouts. He was finally found In a
lodging-house in Los Angeles, violently
insane. He had forgotten his name and
the names of his parents and, although
Insane, had been working as a waiter
in a restaurant.
ANNUAL LIVESTOCK
SHOW AT HAYWARDS
HAYWARDS, Jan. 30.— Haywards
will have its., annual horse and live
stock show this year one week earlier
than usual, Saturday afternoon) Feb
ruary 2 1, being the date selected for
the opening. A large number of fine
horses are now quartered at the Pleas
anton track and it is expected that
many of these; animals will be on ex
hibition at Haywards. ,
The following officers have been
elected to take charge of the show:
President, George Gray; vice presi
dent, J. E., Geary;, secretary, G. A.
Oakes; treasurer, R. Reid. President
Gray has appointed the following
board of directors and committees:
Board of directors — George Grindell,
A. Ram age. W. J. Ramage. G. S. Lan
gan, M. Henry, C. M. Buck, D. S.
Smalley, C. W. Heyer, C. Branin and
A. Allen. Finance • committee — C.
Heyer, D. Chisholm, R. Reid, J. TV.
McCoy, S. Mount . Eden. H.
Gansberger, A. W. Schafer; San Lor
enzo, J. McCauley, C. Branin; Castro
Valley, P. H.Hoare. Music commit
tee — R. Reid, Dr. Browning and A. L.
Graham.
Officers Elected, t Who An-ance for
Opening of Exhibit on Satur
" day, February 27.
Sheriff Collins is making an Investi
gation and has one Indian under arrest.
Misiek was known to have some
money on his person when in Big Pine
a, few. days ago.. He also took to his
cabin a quantity of whisky. All the
money found on the body was a five
dollar gold piece hidden in the lining of
a purse, and the whisky was all gone.
An Indian named Gray-haired Johnny
is under arrest.
INDEPENDENCE, Jan. 29.— Albert
MJsiek, an aged German, was found
dead In his cabin yesterday about two
miles west' of Big Pine, and all the cir
cumstances surrounding the affair point
to murder. Misiek had evidently been
dead some days.
It is supposed that Misiek was killed
by drunken Indians. It is sold that he
had been selling liquor to the Indians,
and on refusing to furnish them a fur
ther; supply was murdered in revenge.
The deceased was 59 years old.
Officers/ Believe That He Was Killed
- by Drunken Indians for Refusing
to Give Them Uquor.
AGED GERMAN IS FOUND
MURDERED IX HIS CABIN
Owing to. the closeness .of the- vote
McMenomy took the matter into, the
courts and made the point that suf
ficient of Ruch's votes were invalidat
ed by the stamping of ballots where
there were "no nominations" to re
verse the result. He .was given a de
cision in the Superior Court, but
Ruch, who had taken his seat, imme
diately appealed the case, which acted
as a stay on the decision of the lower
court, and In the meantime served out
hls-term.
It Is an empty victory McMenomy
won, although the Supreme Court
states he is entitled to the salary. The
pay of a Councilman is S40 a month
and he will probably have an action
against Ruch for two years' back pay.
To-day, a year after . the " expiration
of the term of Andrew J. Ruch as
Councilman from the First Ward, the
Supreme Court handed - down a de
cision that Captain, J. H. McMenomy.
his opponent, should have been
seated. The election took place three
years ago and only about fifty votes
separated the two men when the final
count was made. S McMenomy was the
Republican candidate, while Ruch
was the nominee on tKe Municipal
League ticket.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 30.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.— The Grid-
Iron Club entertained notable guests
at its annual dinner at* the Arlington
Hotel -- to-night. There were 225 pres
ent and in the, large assembly were
the President, members of the Cabinet,
diplomats. Senators and Representa
tives, army and navy officers and per
sons prominent in the business and lit
erary world. Men whose names have
figured in connection wijth the Presi
dency, including the present chief ex
ecutive, Hanna, Taft, Gorman, Cock
rell and Francis, were present and en
joyed' the clever satire and gridiron
quibs at the expense of themselves, as
well as the many unique features bur
lesquing national and international
events. From the time President Louis
A. Coolidge welcomed the guests until
the ' "Song ; of Home,'" at midnight,
there was an uninterrupted flow of wit
and merriment. There were clever
skits, topical; songs, good speeches and
everything possible to-make the din
ner a complete. gridiron success. The
menu was a treaty for the establish
ment of a "gridiron alimentary canal,"
in which a number of guests figured as
the high contracting parties.
Among those who made speeches
were President Roosevelt, Secretaries
Root, Shaw and "Wilson, Governor Taft,
the German Embaesador, Speaker Can
non, former Senator Carter and Sena
tors Hanna, Gorman and Cockrell.
Senators and Diplomats in
Washington Contribute to
the Gayety of the Event
RUCH SERVES *0UT TIME
Decision in Dispute Over Elec
tion of First Ward Council
man Given After long Wait
PRESIDENT MAKES SPEECH
Captain J. H. McMenomy Wins
an Empty Victory by a Rul
ing of the Supreme Court
Statesmen Make Public Topics
Themes for :Humor and Sat
ire at the Gridiron Banquet
TERM EXPIRES
DURING CONTEST
WIT AND FUN
AT CLUB FETE
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.--V. S.; Nor
they,. father of Madame Caro Roma,
the prima donna, andone of tlje most
widely^ known citizens of East Oak
land, Is to marry c Mrs. Jennie Taylor
of Santa Claras The wedding -will
take place withiif the next two weeks,
although the exact ; date ; has not C yet
been set' Mrs. 'Taylor is a : profes
sional nurse: and .attended the .'late
Mrs. Norther, during the, sickness that
resulted in herf death.' After the;wed
ding the couple will ; reside at the
Northey home on - East Fifteenth
street.
Fattier of Caro Roma to ; Wed.
Deny They Smoked Opium.
OAKLAND, Jan. SO. — John Morton
and William Kane, who were arrested
Friday night In "3Und Tom's", opium
joint, 363 Ninth street, and charged
with violating the law prohibiting the
smoking of opium, appeared before
Justice of the Peace Samuels to-day
and pleaded not guilty. Their cases
were set for trial for February ll.
Will Address Women's Civic Club.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30. — City Engin
eer Frederick' C. Turner will, "deliver
an address 'on "Park Systems" before
the Women's Civic Improvement Club
at 3:30 p. m. next Monday in Chabot
Observatory- Hall. The meeting will
be an open one and the 'public is in
vited" to attend.
The British national pavlllion at the
World's Fair, St. Louis, will be a re
production of the Orangery.' or . " ban
quet hall, of the Kensington palace, in
Kensington Gardens,- London.- -:
BERKELEY, Jan. 30.— The senior
class of the University of California
has elected Scott Hendricks Its presi
dent. He received 170 votes and Ms
only opponent, J. L. Neighbor 120
votes. ;
The principle involved was "liberal
ism" or "conservatism." "Hendricks
representing "liberalism" and Neigh
bor ''conservatism." It Is understood
that the president-elect will pursue a
"wide-open" policy during his admin
istration.
The other officers -were elected with
out opposition, being the following
named: Vice president, I. Metzler* sec
retary. Miss Bessie Forse; sergeant at
arms. Max Thelan; poet,- Sam Stow
medalist, Robert Roos.
liberal Party at the University of
California Outvotes the Conser
vative Element.
SENIOR CLASS ELECTS
HEXDRICKS PRESIDENT
ALAMEDA. Jan. SO.— Pawnee Tribe,
Improved Order of Red Men. of this
fliv. and Awahne* Tribe of Frultvale
will Iiold a competitive drill in Forest
rrs' Hall on February 25. Eighteen
members are to be selected* from each
tribe and they •will be put through va
rious evolutions of degree work. The
¦«vinning team will be awarded $25.
Red Jlen Teams Will Contest.
bridge, has requested the City Trustees
10 advertise lor bids for the rental of
ine property. Taylor has offered the
< ity 51000 a year or Its equivalent in
improvements for a twenty-year lease
ct the property.
ALA1IEDA. Jan. SO.— Former City
Attcmey E. K. Taylor, who Is endeav
oring: to lease the water frontage on the
estuary 1000 east of the Webster-street
Would Lease City Propertj.
Julia B. Perricr has bepun euit for
divorce from "William Perrier en the
ground of desertion.
OAKLAND, Jan. SO. — In a complaint
In a divorce action begun to-day Mrs.
Susie A. Fost charges her husband
v.ith beating her two children by a
former husband, and in this being cruel
to herself. She also etates he threat
ened to strike her.
Wives Seek Divorces.
All Cases of Need Will Be at Once Re
ported to 3Ilss Whitney by
Pastors.
OAKLAND, Jan. so.— A resolution was
adopted recently at the conference of
the. Associated Charities and the cler
pyrcen cf this city which provides that
all cases of need which are brought to
:he notlte cf any of the pastors of: the
dJITerent churches shall be reported to
Miss Anita TThitney, the secretary of
: he Associated Charities, whether the :
needy ones be members of any church
or not.
The object of the conference was to
encourage closer co-operation between
the churches and the association, and
Miss Whitney addressed the assembled
ministers, tel'ing of the work done in
this city by the organization. She dis
•••r.ctly said that the Associated Chari
ties Is not an alms-giving organization,
bat that its object is to assist those in
distress to he!i» themselves, and to cfere
for cbilCrc-n whose parents are not able
to properly care for them.
The ministers were unanimous In
their support of Miss "Whitney's plan
for the reporting of all cases to the. as
sociation.
CHURCHES TO OO-OPERATE
WITH ASSOCIATED CHARITIES
OAKLAND. Jan. SO. — At the reception which
followed the Moore- Valentine wedding to-day
the bride announced the engagement of one of
her bridesmaids and an Intimate friend. Miss
Isabelle rHooper of Alameda. the "lucky man
being Wlgginton Creed. The announcement
was a surprise to most of the guests. The
engagement Is noteworthy, owtng to the prom
inence of both families . concerned In the so
cial, professional and business wo'rld. .
Miss Hooper is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Applegate Hooper, Mr. Hooper
being the h'ead member of the flrm of C. A.
Hooper & Co., leading lumber merchant* of
the State.
The Hoopers have a beautiful home In Ala
meda, where the daughter of the house has
entertained extensively. She is an unusually
cultured and accomplished girl, being a grad
uate of Miss Head's school In Berkeley - and
of the . select Chamberlyn finishing school in
Boston.
WIgslnton Creed's father was the late Wil
liam H. Creed, one of the State's most prom
inent attorneys and a member of the old law
firm of Bennet. Wlgglnton & Creed. Mr.
Creed has adopted his father's profession and
has been located in San Francisco ever since
his graduation from the University - of Cali
fornia and later from the New York School
of Law. He was president of the ' class at
Berkeley and Is a popular member ot , the Phi
Delta Theta Fraternity. ' ¦ i' ¦'',' -
Miss Hooper will probably be mnch-enter
tained, although the wedding will take place
shortly after Easter.' •
/ • • •
:Mles Lillian Moller*s home was the scene ot
a pleasant gathering yesterday, a. small &00
club enjoying the afternoon with her. The
prize was won by Miss Wilhelmlne Koenlg.
The members of the club are Misses Ida and
Edith Larkey, Mrs. Robinson, Miss Helen
Powell. Miss E\-elyn Craig, Mrs. Dudley Kin-
Bell, Miss Kinsell. Mrs. C. D. Gtlman Miss
Geraldme Scupham, Miss WUhemtne Koenli;,
Misses Gorrill. Miss Cressle Vandenberg, Miss
Bessie Gray and Miss Harriet Wilder.
Mr. and Mrs. Harden Lake Crawford, whe
have been spending the last month with Major
and Mrs. C. C Clay, Mr*. Crawford's parents,
will return to their New York home next Mon
day.
Mrs.' Josesh Chanslor's card party at the
Palace Hotel Thursday was a brilliant aKalr
and a conspicuous number of Oaklanders were
among the guests. About fifty-five players
enjoyed a game of five hundred, the lucky
prize winners being Mrs. Franklin Bates, Mrs.
George Martin, Mrs. Howard Morrow and Miss
Florence Starr, all of San Francisco.
The rooms were charmingly decorated, pink
carnations and roses blending prettily with
ferns and foliage. A string orchestra played
a soft accompaniment to the murmur of voices
during the afternoon.
Mrs. Chanslor was assisted In receiving by
her sisters. Mrs. Charles E. Parcells and Mies
KIeIc Klmball of Oakland and Mrs. Frederic*
Klmbajl of San Francisco*
Among the guests were Mrs: Montell Taylor,
Mr». George Hammer. <Mrs. G«orge K. de Golla,
Miss Noelle de Golla, Miss Helen Chase, Mlsa
Marlon White. Miss Emma Denman,, Mrs. John
Clay Hampton. Mrs. Louise Allender, Miss
Mary Barker, Mrs, Frank Parcells, Mrs. TV il
11am. Lyman Shiels, Mrs. Lude May Hayes.
Mrs. Fred Stolp and Mn. E. J. Cotton of
Oakland; Mrs. Latham McMullen, Mrs. Fred
erick McNear. Mrs. Will Taj'lor and Mrs. Wil
son Porter were among the Ban Francisco
cruests. • . * . . " : \!-~
Mrs. Thomas Crellen was the hostess at- a
late luncheon Thursday afternoon, her guesti
being Mrs. Herbert Holman. Mrs. Arthur Crel
lln. Mrs. Irving Lewis, Mrs. Gllei i Easton,
Mrs. M. W. Kales, Mrs. T. B. . Coghlll. Mrs.
Alfred von der Ropp. Mre. Lillian Brown
Everts Mrs. Egbert Stone, i Mrs. William H.
Creed, Mrs. Robert Fitzgerald and Miss Mona
Crelllm:; v < \-_ .--.
Mrs. Reml Chabot was hostess at the meet-
Ins of the Wheeloclc Whist Club Friday. The
club members are: Mrs. Andrew Pine, Mrs.
Samuel Hubbard. Mrs. E. A. Heron. Mrs.
W. H. Chlckerlne 1 . Mrs. Prentlss Selby, Mrs.
George W. Cooe. Mrs. John Yule, Mrs. Reml
Chabot, Mrs. Gordon Stolp. Mrs. E. J. Bar
nett. Mrs. A. Lowndes Scott, Mrs. Henry
Wadsworth, Mrs. Charles Yale. Mrs. E. M.
Walsh Mrs. James Moffltt, Mrs. Paul Lohse,
Mrs. E. G. Lukens and Mrs. A. F. Coffln."
Mrs C. B. Cunnlnsrham. a prominent mem
ber of the Oakland Club and a well known
botanist, was married to Charles B. Cunning
ham in Bloomfleld, ; Ontario, on January 20.
Mrs. Cunnlntham has been traveling through
the East recently, lecturing on California wild
flowers and Illustrattn* "her talks with her
many beautiful . water color studies.
Jlr and Mrs. Cunningham will soon visit
Oakland. ¦-¦...• .
Mrs. : W. Z. Klnr of ETan Francisco Is vlsit
ing her dausrhter, Mrs. Percy Clay . Black.
Miss Nettle Kins, who sprained both ankles
a few days aro. Is resting easily, but It will
bo several weeks before she ' will be able to
walk. ; : • '• •-»;-.*=-¦ '- ' : ,.;,"/>'
Mtss Marlon Whits of Gardner, Me., and
Miss Emma Dtnman • of ; Newajk, N. J., are
the guests of Miss Helen Chase for a time.
¦ Th» Frank' Haven* and the 'Wiclcham ¦ Har
•ns . exoeot - to ' leave ¦ next Wednesday for * a
visit to New -York. Mrs. Harry Maxwell will
accompany them. . ' : : /
George S. I*ck3« waa th« ruest of honor
at a "star" dinner given by A. C. Belllnrall
last Tuesday evening-.
Miss Anna Sacehorn and tier brother, Her
man Eatehorn, will entertain at cards on
Tuesday evenlnr,' February 8. .
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by . the
County Clerk to-day: Otto A^ Woalard,
over 21/ Oakland, and Christina" M.
Brown, over 18, Berkeley; John H.
Flkes, over 21, and Georgle Doody,
over 18, -both of George E.
Archambeault, 24, Modesto, and Grace
B. Coughran, 25, Oakland;. Samuel' R.
Norton. 24, and Fannie H. Maxwell.
19, both of Oakland; Lewis ; Durbrow,
over 21, San Francisco, and Ellen
Beach, over 18; George
W. Turnbull, 33, and Alice C. Johnson,
22; both of Oakland; William F. -Ban
grasser,'':40; and Cleo, Force, 30,, both of
Alameda; : Dennis -McKeany, over 21,
and Mrs. Jennie Sage, over, 18, both of
Irvington. .; .
Charles W. Petrey Will Lecture.
, OAKLAND, Jan/ : 3 0.— Charles . W.
Petrey, president of . the Central Labor
Council, will at the V Socialist
headquarters, 405 / Eighth -' street, to
morrow : evening, at 8 . o'clock, and the
Central : Labor I Council,; the -Federated
Trades 'Council and a number "of their
affiliated unions will attend in a body.
J. ; B. Harris Appointed ¦.Expert.
I OAKLAND, Jan. 30.— Julian B,
Harris: was appointed, city.' expert by
Mayor ;Olney; to-day; to -examine the
books *of : the ; various :•* municipal I offi
cers, ' a work '.which IVwill - take several
Weeks to;complete.'»>i,The ;expert began
his work 'in the 'Auditor's SDepai'tment.'
Made ! Executor ; of \ Paset ;• Estate.
j -, OAKLAND,^ Jan. 30.— Letters of *! ad
miiiistration were /granted jto r day "• to
Attorney ''Louis f? 'de : F."i Bartlett * as i ex
ecutorj of | the | estate j of I Professor.! Fell
clenWictor>Paget and;his-wife,;Eraan
uel Marie -Paget.ywho .'died : within a' few,
days of each other last - -•>
The Colonial ball on Women's day, February
22. is to be an elaborate affair. There will be
five booths In Hearst Hall, in charge of the
following named young ladles: Colonial tooth
lilss Elizabeth Araeill: Indian booth Miss
Marian Leale: Dutch booth. Miss Lucretla
Gross: Puritan booth. Mtss Belle Cooledre-
Occident booth. Miss Alible Waterman The
committee In charge of the affair cons'ists of
the Misses Faith Shoup. Marian Leale Alni
Barnett, Gertrude Mother. Abble Waterman
Marparet Bonestel, Elizabeth Arr.ellL Bertlna
WoIIenberg, Mary Martenstein. Anna Tuck»r
Louise Ehrmann, Lucretla Gross. Belie Cool
ledge. Carmel Riley, Mary Durand. Celeste La
eoste. Florence Fortson. Sophia Treadwell and
Belle Cooper.
The War Department at Washington has re
appointed Colonel Henry de H. WaJte, retired
military Instructor at the university, his term
to extend ' over I onr years. ¦
As In former years the eeaate and congress
will rive a banquet to the members of the-
Carnot team. The conzr»ss has appointed a
committee, consisting of Philip M. Carey '04-
R. L. McWiliiams. Ot, and A. C. Keane, "03,
to confer upon the arrangements with ' th»
per.ate committee, composed of E. C. Baker
'05; W. A. Andrews, '05, and Frank Schu
taan, 'OS.
Students may obtain tickets t» the lecture by
Dr. Albert -6haw by applying at the Co-opera
tive Store on Wednesday of next week, be
tween the hours of 10:30 and 2 o'clock. Invi
tations to the members of the faculty will be
sent by mail, as they will be aiso to the
guests of the university. Others desiring Invi
tations must apply by letter to the president's
office.
The debating committees representing the
university and Stanford will meet In the Cali
fornia Hotel In San Francisco on Saturday.
February 6. and discuss the arrangements for
the intercollegiate debate in the spring. .
The university has been highly honored In
invitations to a number of members of the
faculty to participate in the International
Congress to be held at the St. Louis Exposi
tion. These congresses are divided Into twen
ty-four departments. In each department
there will be two addresses, one dealing with
the historical aspect of the subject of that
particular department, the other with the
fundamental conceptions of the subject. Each
department is divided Into sections which will
deal with special branches of the main sub
ject. President Wheeler has beetv, asked to
te the leading speaker of the whole depart
ment of history and literature, and his address
•will be made with special reference to philol
ogy. Professor George W. Howi*on is invited
to make cne of the principal addresses in the
department of philosophy; Professor Elmer E.
Brown Is asked to make one of the principal
addresses Jn the department of education; Pro
fessor W. W. Campbell of Lick Observatory,
an address in the department of astronomyj
Proressor Charles Mills Gayley Is asked to be
chairman of tl.e section on English; Professor
P. B. Christy, to participate in the section on
mining; Professor George Davidson, In that
on geography.
BERKELEY, Jan. 80. — The college women
of this and others are offered an
other opportunity to earn a fellowship by re
search. The fellowship is offered by the Bal
timore Association for the Promotion of the
University Education of Women, which offers
$500 to the graduate the committee of award
shall deem most likely to da distinguished
work. No examination will be given, but the
candidate must rest her case on credentials
and the written results o" her own previous
work. Th9 committee requires that a certtn
cate of irood health shall go with the creden
tials. While this fellowship Is offered first to*
the women of Maryland and the South, other
graduates may compete, those of not more
than five years' standing being preferred. The
winner may study either in America or abroad,
and 1* her work is of exceptional value may
be permitted to hold the fellowship for two
successive years. Applications must be made
before March 2, 1904, to the chairman of the
committee. Dr. Mary Sherwood, whose address
Is The Arundel, Baltimore, Md.
Professor E. P. Lewis of the department of
physics has been invited to prepare a paper on
"Electrical Discharges in Gases," to be read
before the International Electrical Congress,
which will be held at the St. Louis Exposition
In September.
Max Thelen. president of the Associated
Students, announced yesterday at the univer
sity meeting that the Student Labor day would
be celebrated on February 29. The committee
In charge of the affair, consisting of Mr.
Thelen. Arthur K. Price. F. L. Johnston and
J. J. Anloff, met last night and discussed the
plans for the day. It was decided that after
the work of the day. which has not yet been
selected, there will be a celebration in which
the whole university wil! participate. The
third een!or assembly was held in Shattuck
Hall this evening and was entirely successful.
The evening was spent largely in dancing and
afterward refreshments were served.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
It would be an endless task to de
scribe all . the beautiful : gowns > that
were" worn yesterday, but, among, the
notably 6tunnlng women were:
Mrs. Harrison Clay, Mrs. Henry East Miller;
Mrs. George H. ¦Wheaton, In an exquisite gray
crepe; Mtss ilurleJ Steele, In. a robe of pale
blue ellk with Eton jacket and panels of point
lace; Mrs. F. M. Smith. In gray crepe; Mias
Burdee and Miss Sperry In white cloth gowns;
Miss Bessie Palmer, i in a very becoming blue
sown trimmed with point lace and wearing • a
big white hat; Mrs. George W. Reed, In white
with a hat ofi violets; Miss Mabel Reed, In a
very "fetching" costume of dark. blue velvet;
Miss. Crissle Taft, also In blue velvet; -Mrs.
Henry Melvin, In a violet cloth gown and hat;
Mrs. J. I^oran Peaee, Miss Isabella Kendall,
Miss Edith • Beck, Mrs. Arthur . Harris; .Miss
Bertha Young. In a very modish gown of violet
cloth embroidered in : white, with . which she
wore a pale blue tulle toque; Miss Claire Cha
bot; Mrs. Henry Dleckmann, who wore a beau
tiful long coat of chinchilla velvet witha-blg
black velvet hat; Miss May Young, , in : white
hat and gown, the latter trimmed with .> band
of blue: MI sa Marietta Havens. In brown cloth
gown and pale blue velvet hat;Mrs.'J. P.-H.
Dunn:- Mrs. C. . C.CXay,-. In, a most becoming
hat and gown of pearl gray, the latter being
covered by a beautiful white cloth coat; Mrs.
Harden \ Lake Crawford,- In: a very striking
gown of mauve velvet, with orange and brown
velvet trimming: Miss ' Margaret Sinclair, in a
handsome ¦- white : cloth gown; Miss Marian
Walsh, Miss Xoell* de Golia and Miss Anita
Lohse. ,:•"¦ ' - .'. _.'• 1'-. .. ¦ .
SOME OP THE GOWNS.
At the wedding to-day Mrs. A. A.
Moore was attired In a 'black satin
gown with point lace collar. The
groom's mother, Mrs. J. J. Valentine,
wore a very handsome gown of white
cloth and lace, with a white hat. Mrs.
A. A. Moore Jr. was a, conspicuous
figure in a soft white , brocade, over
.which she wore a long pale blue sat
in cjoth coat Her hat was white lace.
Mr. and Mrs. Valentine have gone
to Portland and will divide their time
between that city and Spokane for the
next year, when they will probably re
turn to Oakland.
The marriage that took place In
the little East Oakland church to-day
Joined two of the most widely known
families In the State — those of A. A.
Moore, the prominent San Francisco
attorney, and the. late John J; Valen
tine, .president of Wells, Fargo &
Co.
The church ceremony was followed
by a small reception at the home of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. A.
A. Moore. Only relatives and the
ycung couple's Intimate friends In
the younger set were guests at the
house.
The ushers were Edwin Hume,
Stanley Moore. James Kenna, Fred
Dleckmann. Arthur Goodfellow, Philip
Clay and Whipple Hall.
The bride was escorted to the altar
by her father, and her friends could
not suppress a murmur of admiration
as their eyes fell on her exquisite
gown of white. satin moussellne and
duchesse lace. The train was quite
long and fell- In graceful folds from a
shirred yoke. Duchesse, lace formed
the yoke and collar. The veil— an
heirloom of rare point lace — was not
worn over the brlde!s face, but was
fastened to the high coiffure and
swept, In cobwebby folds, almost to
the hem of the long train. The bride
carried a great armful of Easter lilies.
The groom and his best man, Hugh
Goodfellow, awaited the bride's com
ing at the altar. Bishop Nichols of
ficiated In the solemn ritual of the
Episcopal church and- was assisted by
Rev. William Carson Shaw.
Miss Ethel Moore, who attended her
sister as maid of honor, | looked ex
tremely well in a beautiful gown' of
white point d'esprlt over violet silk.
A lavish garniture of point. lace was
appliqued to both skirt and bodice,
the deep yoke and collar being of the
lace. Her hat was of white tulle and
sweeping plumes and the general ef
fect was more white than violet. '
_. BRIDE IS ADMIRED.
If one may believe the old adage.
"Happy will be the bride the sun
shines on," then indeed Is future glad
ness . assured for Jacqueline Moore
that tvas — now Mrs. John J. Valentine.
The sun was full generous with his
golden rays as if to shower more
blessings on these young people and
everything conspired to make their
wedding to-day one of the prettiest af
fairs ever seen In this city.
Long before 3 o'clock, the hour set
for the ceremony, the little Church of
the Advent in East Oakland was
crowded with guests and seldom has
so brilliant an assemblage gathered
within its walls. The decorations were
simple in character, but extremely
artistic. A delicate tracery of foliage
hid the wall back of the altar and
great plumes of the date palm fell
gracefully from the pillars all about
the church. At the end of each pew
on the central aisle was tied a. bunch
of lacy foliage and spring blossoms.
With characteristic independence "in
planning, for her. wedding, Miss Moore
decided against the traditional - pink
and green and white in vogue and
adopted- vlqlet as the color to be used
by the bridal party. The result to-day
was flattering to her judgment, for
nothing could have been daintier -or
more effective.
Preceded by the ushers, Miss Marian
Goodfellow, as first bridesmaid, led the
way. Like the six other young ladies
that» formed the bride's vanguard, she
wore an exquisite gown of pale violet
chiffon cloth, the shimmering folds of
the shirred and « ruffled skirt being
dotted with medallions of point lace.
The soft, wide collar falling from the
lace yoke and the long "angel" sleeves
gave an exceedingly graceful effect.
The hat of violet tulle, with long,
drooping white plume and a shower of
white carnations completed a bewlld
eringly beautiful costume. Each of
.the six bridesmaids, Miss Marian
Smith, Miss Florence White, Miss Isa
belle Hooper, Miss Anita Oliver, Miss
Ethel Valentine and Miss Edna Barry,
wore a costume similar to that of Miss
Goodfellow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 30.
When the marriage finally took place
ihe mother, unbroken in spirit, refused
to attend. The ceremony was per
formed by the P.ev. George Dodson in
the Unitarian Church, and the Bowen
family attended. The Darneals did not.
Young Bowen was given a position as
representative cf his father's firm In
New York, but afterward moved to Co
lumbus. Ohio. Here. Mrs. Bowen says,
her husband ceased to care for her and
finally to provide for her necessities,
tujd che was forced to return to her
home, which resulted in her bringing
the suit which to-day save her back
her freedom.
The marriage or the pair was per
formed under the most adverse circum
stances. Susie Darneal w.as one of the
rreu'.est girts In Alameda's exclusive
F8t. Her mother, Mrs. Hervey Darneal.
Is a member of the organization of the
Colonial Dames and has the blood of
five of the early Governors of America
flowing through her veins. She was
ambitious for her daughter, and when
discovered the attachment between
her and Alan Bowen she vowed the
marriage should not take place.
As the son of one of the founders of
the firm of Wetmore, Bowen & Co.,
young Alan had been given all the ad
vantages that money could buy. He
was a member of the Olympic Club in
Fan Francisco and played football on
the Reliance team. But he was not up
to the Etandard In pedigree set by the
mother, who rrided herself on her an
cestry.
There was no opposition to the gTant-
Jr.s of the decree, and the young hus
band It Is said is at present in Colum
bus. Ohio. Mrs. Bowen is back once
more at her o'.d home, living with her
rerents on Grand street. In Alameda.
The romance cf Susie Darneal and
Alan Bowen, who were married la Ala
meda three y«ars ago. ended dismally
In the divorce court here to-day, when
Judge Melvln granted her a divorce on
the grounds of willful neglect and fail
ure to provide. She was also allowed to
resume her maiden name.
Oakland Offlce Ban Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 30.
Guests From Both Sides of
the Bay Pay Their Respects
to the Bride and Groom
Girl Who Wed Against Ad
vice of Mother Finds Relief
in Court-No Contest Made
RESUMES MAIDEN NAME
BEAUTIFUL GOWNS W0EN
Brilliant Is the Scene at the
Wedding of Miss Jacqueline
Moore and John J. Valentine
Daughter of Darneals of Ala
meda Freed From Bonds Unit
ing il or to Young Husband
DIVORCE GIVEN
TO MRS. BOWEN
SOCIETY WISHES
THEM HAPPINESS
L. Elthell, J. C. Bullock. Mrs. O. J. Backus.
A. Bruenn. M. Bock, K. A.. BusheU, E. A.
Commlns, Frank Chutchct, J. Coleman. Mrs.
S. L. Cutler. Mrs. II. T. Compt n. E. C.
Dorier, O. I. Denlson, F. N. Darke, Henry
Evers. F. W. Frost, James T. Freley, R. M.
Greeley, Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Heron, C. J.
Heeseman, George D. Hcilahan. Robert How
den. Jchn Hlnkle. A. Jonas, Harry Johnson,
M. J. Keller, M. J. King. F. Klingeberg. Wal
ter E. Logan. Annie E. Logan, E. Lehnhaxtlt,
H. Lehnhardt. F. B. Lanr.er. G. TV. Langan.
J. K. Musselman. Dr. H. B. Mehrmann, John
Martens, R. J. McMullen, J. J. Mason, J. S.
Nalsmlth, F. S. Norman, Harry L. Perry. O.
A. ItcihRniel, H. W. Richardson. C. B. Rice,
A. fi. nuch. Charles H. Rowe. Mrs. Charles
it. Rowe. Mrs. J. I. Scollard. Albert Schmidt.
B. R. ShtTer. 'William J. Stuart. Mrs. E.
Swank, E. J. Sacke. Frank W. Trower, James
P. Taylor, Mrs. M. E. Van den Burgh. Willard
W. White. Jessie L. White. Philip M. Walsh.
George A. Wilson. Mrs. I. B. Fisher, Mrs. Da
vid Smith, Mrs. F. P. Winchester. F. W. Cor
e>r, W. IT. Alexander, J. H. Edson, Mr. and
Mrs. C. P. Wise, Julius Abra.hatr.son, F. O.
Webster. W. E. Beck and Miss Katherlne Hen
neberry.
Following are the names of those
who have already registered from
Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda:
OAKLAND, Jan. 30. — A large num
ber of prominent business men of this
city has registered for the excursion
to be run to Los Angeles on Monday,
February 8, by the Oakland Board of
Trade, and the committee of mem
l)'»'s of the board who have charge, of
tho arrangements have been forced'.to
increase the original limit of 100 to
150 in order to -meet the demand . for
seats.
Committee In Charge Compelled to
Extend Limit to Meet De
mand for Seats.
3f ANY GOIXG ON BOARD
OF TRADE EXCURSION
OAKLAND, Jan. 30.— When Joseph
Simon died here a short time ago he
'left two certificates made payable to
different persons calling for the same
$2000 life insurance policy in the An
cient Order of United Workmen and a
suit in the courts is the result. -
The plaintiffs in the case are Mrs.
Hattie B. Owen, May B. : Gilpin ' and
Lucinda Babbitt, who allege the pol
icy was assigned to them and show a
certificate to this effect. Subsequent
to the making of their certificate Si
mon prevailed upon the order to issue
him a second, made payable to . Jo
sephine Simon, his wife. The first, it
is stated, was made out to liquidate. a
debt. Both parties have filed their
claims with the order and the holders
of the first certificate, in addition,. have
asked for a restraining order of the
court to prevent the payment of the
second.-
Lawsuit That . Threatens to Be
. Bitter as IJesacy.
Joseph Simon SLcaves : His Widow a
SEVERAL CLAIMANTS, FOR
OXE INSURANCE POLICY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
. - . . ' ...-..¦ ..--. ¦ - ¦¦ . - ....-¦ ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,.; SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1904.
35
OCEAX TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fraa-
clsco aa follows: '
For Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
Juneau. Halnes. Skaguay.
»tc. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Feb.
B. HO. 15. 20. 25. Mar. 1.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
cotna. Everett, "Whateom — 11 a/ m.. Feb. 5.
10. 15. 20. 23. Mar. 1. Change at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.: at Seattle' or Tacoma to N. P. Ky.: at
Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka Ufumboldt Bay> — Pomona. 1:3*
p. m. Feb 4. 10, 16, 22. 28, Mar. 3. Corona,
1:30 p. in.. Feb. 1. 7. 13. 19. 25. Mar. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and "East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey ¦ 8aru Simeon, Cayucos. Port Hart ord (San
Luis ' Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Feb. 5, 13, 21, 29, Mar. S.
Bcnlta, 9 a. m.. Feb. 9, 17. 25, March 4.
For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay. -San Jos» 4*1
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paa. Santa- Ro-
salia Guaymas <Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each
Tnon'h For further Information obtain folder.
Klght'is reserved to change steamers cr «aii-
"^rXCXET OPPXCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C T> DtTNANJf. General Passenger Agent.
' ' 10 Market street. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 2O Sutter St..
will call for and check baggage from Jotete
and residences. Telephone, Exchange SIX
O. #?. St JV. CO.
Oregoa salla Jan. 28. Feb. T. 17. 27.'Mar«»
0 19 and 2». S. 8. Oregon to' temporarily f«
B«rvic« Instead of the Columbia. G«or«r» "W.
Elder sails Jan. 23. Feb. 2. 12. 22. March 4.
14 and 24. Only steamship ' line to PORT-
LAND OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all t>o!nt» Ea^ Thrench ticket* to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at LOW-
EST RATEC- Steamer tickets Include berth
and meal*. Steamer »ail« foot of Spear «t. at
Ha. m. 9. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. G«n. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery tt.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
1 rORIKSTTAX, STEAMSHIP CO.>
" Steamers will leave wharf, corner FlratanC
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hlogo), Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong with stsamers for India, etc. No cargo
received on board thn day of sailing.
- Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rate*. ".For- freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's offlce. 421 Market street, corner- First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oeeanlcs.s.co.Sffg
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Feb. 11, 11 a. m.
S S •-VENTURA, 'for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Feb. 11. 2 p.m.
3 S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Feb. 20, 11 a.m.
jjLSFnonSft E20S.EL. «|tL.T>etaAI!aEa;l43 laWa
.' C0K7ASKIS 8EXE&ALS TXAKS1TL15TIQ3J.
I DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
i-atllns every Thursday Instead of •J»temi
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. from Pier 42. +4OBEB&
North River, foot- of Morton st. ¦
- First cla&s to Havre. *7O and upward. See.
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEV-
EKALAGEXCYFOR UX1TED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 -Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. T.TVtiAZl & CO.. Pacific Coaat
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets ¦ sold by all RallroaH Ticket Agents.
• ' Mar o I lalaad and VaU e j o Steamers.
: Steamer GEN. FR1SBIE or MONTICKLLO—
0-45 a. nu. 3:15 and S:3O p. rn.. except Sunday
Sunday." 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallijo.
7 a. m 12:30 ami 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. 'Sun-
day :" a. m.. 4:15 p. in. Fate, 60 cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Misston-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. - ' - - ¦ . *
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 p©r Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEKENTS.
|BBBBSSBBBBBaBBI]B[aBB2BDBHBGEaBBQBBBIIlieBBB&flBa
m Q v2k _ KB ' SI BB Mft • M \^^^ SI Vm^m iSMmm^ ffl
H' : .:'" A : ' '•-¦ •""¦:&»¦ v ; /¦¦'•'¦ ; , ' ; . .¦ . ' ¦' m
| VEUREKA, Gal.; Jan. 28, '04.— Fidelity Rupture Cure: g
H Your letter is before me. I have ? had no' occasion. to wear, a g
J truss since October and con sidei: myself cured, and, as it were, a
I extricated from a tHralldom. I will vouch for the Fidelity |
B method of ; curing Rupture. -Mi S. TAYLOR." g
gj \,-We cured this man of a bad 'double rupture. He is now B
j| ¦inZthe position of hundreds who have taken our treatment. He b
a ; is CURED ! r vWe can do the same for you. No charge for S
I Fidelity Rupture Cure |
¦1344 Tlarket Street SanlMncisco g
• BBBBBBBBBIiBBBBIBBBBBBBBBaBBBaBBaHBl]BBBBBBBB3B B .
.ADVERTISEMENTS.
R7Vtio Have
33STORRIiCE!-A.
le progress in the study of con-
led disorders In the past few year*
rl has resulted in advanced methods of
Sj securing permanent results. In my
H practice I use special methods of lrri- .
Eg Ration and a method of my own de.
M vising for Installations that cure Kon-
H orrhoea PERMANENTLY In from 8
II to 10 days. I make frequent Inspec-
ts tlons of the canal by means of a small
tf electric light, which enables me to see
¦ and treat each Inflamed part sepa-
m rately. and I am also enabled to show
f I the patient himself the conditions that
|| actually exist. Following my treat-
gJ ment there are no evil after results.
ts There la no atrleture to fear, nor the
f] slishtest chanc« of a chronic condl-
e| tlon (sometimes called fleet), but
n There Is COMPLETE h«altns; of the
K Inflamed and poisoned tissue. Never i
|3 use harsh Injections or drastic Intar-
r j nal remedies to . stop t ho discharge.
gj for If you do it is certain tha^ in tha
R future you will find your state won*
Li than ever. I guarantee you a PEH-
|| FECT CURE, and as well aa that
I AM ALWAYS WXL&XffO TO
H WAIT 7OS XT TEE TEU
H YOU ABE CUBED.
g 1U Letilag 8?tri»liJt, Dr. 0. 0. JOSLIS.
I "Weakness"
b] 'What is commonly termed funo-
H ttonal weakness is merely a symptom
M of prostatlc disorder. To stimulate
t-1 activity by the use of powerful tonics
« Is an easy matter, but such results
Q are merely temporary drag effects.
I Most doctors treat "weakness" la this
manner because they do not know
how to cure th«»r»al causa of the
derangement. I am the only physi-
cian employing sctentiflo and suc-
cessful methods. I use no tonics at
all. My treatment Is a local on* en-
tirely and corrects every abnormal
prostate glaad. My cures ara real
__cures, and aro permanent.
MY Fees Ara Fair and
Mj CURES Are PERMANENT
"Lhs All Your Years a Man"
This V th« title of my pamphlet,
which is mailed free, sealed and under
I plain cover, to all who write. It dis-
cusses ""Weakness," Varlcocele. Con-
tracted Diseases, Specific Blood Pol-
son. Stricture, etc., and tells of my
methods of treating these disorders.
Consultation free at office or by mail.
Home Treatment Is. Always
Certain and Satisfactory. K
1 DR. 0. CTJOSLEN
B MABSET AND XEASBT ETS.
H FriTate Entrance. 703 Market St.
pq Offlce Hours. 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. rn.
H on week days, and Sundays 10 to 1r.-. , At a recent meeting. of the members
of the" County Leitrlm ; ' Social : Club the
folio wing ) officers ' were 'elected ¦ for! the
ensuine year : I President, M. ; ; J.' Moran;
vice 'president/ P." C.' Morton ; Becrctary,
John Kenny ;¦. treasurer, P.; J. Meehan;
sergeant at arms, Frank Cdnlan; .trus
tees—P. J. McGushin, sR. J. O'Reilly,
James ¦: Bohan, ;Peter McKoen and
James' Morton.
Coun\y Lei trim Club's Officers.
George N. Bierce of Dayton;: Ohio,
a prominent merchant, of that city,
will . deliver the address before the
mass-meeting 'for men at" the Young
Men's Christian" Association, Mascn
and -Ellis streets, this afternoon at
3. o'clock. 'The Knickerbocker; male
quartet iwill sing.
' The : resrular monthly festival ser
vice, will be held in St. Luke's Church,
Van Ness avenue^ and Clay street, this
evening at 7 : 4 5 : o'clock, ; at' which will
be sung i Tours'- "Magnificat and Nunc
Dimittla"' in jF; "Great Is Jehovah,*'
by ; Shubert;-. "Hymn v of ' Praise,", by
Tschaikowsky, and VThe/ Lord ¦ Hath
Commanded,"., from .."As the- Hart
Pants," .by* Mendelsshon. ; The regular
choir \will :¦ be /assisted by • St. : . Luke's
auxiliary; choir, \ under the direction of
W. A." Sabin, F. R. . C. - O.
The monthly, musical service of
Simpson Memorial Methodist Church,
corner Hayes /and Buchanan streets,
will- be held this evening. The pro-;
gramme/ will Include the following
numbers:/ •. ":
Chorus, "Blensed Is He That" Cometh" (Gou
nod): quartet. .."Croitiinir the Bar" (Schneckerj,
Mns. ., McMurray. : Mrs. Norton, Mr. Coop. Mr.
Jordan: solo, "Eye Hath Not Seen" ¦ <Uaul).
Mrs. lUchard Partlreton; duet. "In Dreams I
Heard the Seraphs" (Salnt-Saens), Mrs. Blake,
Mrs. Caine; . chorua, "The I Marvelous 1 Work'-'
(Haydn); ¦ contralto -solo, selected. Mrg.^W.
Longbothan: baritone solo. ','0 lx>rd Thou Hast
Searched Me Out" (Bennett). Dr. J. G..Hinsrh
rey; ladies' quartet. "One Sweetly -. tjolcmn
Thought" (Ambrose). Mrs. McMvrray. -• Mrs:
Partlngton, Miss HuKsey, Mrs. Norton: chorus,
"Great Is Jehovah" (Schubert), ".•».- E. Blake,
director; . Miss Mabel; Jones, organise, .
The Feadt df St. 'Paul will be celebrated In
St. Mary's (Paulist) Chureh. Most Rev. Arch
bishop Montgomery will officiate. Rev. P. C.
York will preach the «ermon. *¦ In the even-
Ing- special -services . will be. held and Rev.
Henry I. ' Stark will preach. .,
Hamilton* Square ' Baptist, morning — Sermon
by • f ormei pastor. AV. , C. Jenkins: evening.
Bteropttcon sons service and sermon by the
pastor, Rev. : . - Louia J. Sawyer.
Re.v. Father Duller will preach ot the. 10:30
n'eiock mass this morning in St. Igrnaliua
Church. ' In the evenlnu Rev. Father Rlordan
will deliver the discourse.
The following services will be held
at the churches to-day:
Flrd English Lutheran, morning—Commun
ion service, evening. ''Christ. Stilling the
Tempest." Pastor, Rev. E. Nelander.
Regular Monthly Musical Service Will
Be Held To-Nisht at the Simp
son Memorial Cuurcli, -
PASTORS /ANNOUNCE TEXTS
FOR SERMONS OF TO-DAY
At the annual meeting of the. Swiss
Mutual Benevolent Society yesterday
afternoon the following directors were
elected: A. Borel, I. Jury, J. Freuler.
A.-Monotti, A. Bauer, J. B. Monaco,
J. H. Fritschi. E. de Coulon, G. A.
Sobrio, G. A. Pedrotta. and F. Mett
man. .
Directors Elected.
Debate and Dance.
Next Tuesday evening the San
Francisco Debating League will, have
an interesting debate In Golden (Sate
Hall on "Lyceum vs. Maccabee," in
which the most prominent members
of the league wil ltake part.. After t"-.e
debate there will be a programme of
dances.
Edward • M.; Moore, will bowl on alter
nate Monday evenings. The members
are Miss Jean Pedlar, Miss- May Shar
on. Miss Opal Pierce, Miss Jessie Burns,
Miss Ada Clarke, Miss Ruth Clarke,
Miss Lincoln, Mies Daisy Lincoln, Dr.
Nlverson Force, Frank Southack, Dr.
Homer Craig, Marshall Dill, James Ir
vine, Thomas Churchill. Horace Stoll.
Dr.' H. M. Simmons and Dr. Robert
Burns. On last Monday evening Miss
Jean Pedlar wag hostess at the supper
which followed the game.
One of the prettiest weddings, of the
season was the Drown-Boardmati wed
ding yesterday at St. Luke's. The chan
cel < was aglow with candles,.and.wbod
wardia and its lesser sisters of the forest
were gathered there *in profusion. ; St.
Joseph lilies completed" a beautiful
picture, saving perhaps the gladsome
gleam that poured through the stained
window over the altar..
At 11:30 o'clock the church was filled
with guests, the women for the most
part stunningly gowned. At noon, when
the solemn strains of the wedding
march from "Lohengrin" floated from
the organ the back of the church was
crowded. Now, for the everlasting credit
of St. Luke's, be it said there was but
little immoderate pr vulgar craning of
necks — just a normal and polite inter
est in one of the prettiest bridal parties
of the year.
The ushers led the way, followed by
the maid of honor. Mias-Newell Drown,
in a white crepe de chine frock, with a
dashing hat of lilies of the valley. Her
bouquet was of the same exquisite
flowers. /
The bridesmaids, Miss Charlotte El
linwood, Miss Linda Cadwalader, Miss
Stella Kane and Miss Susan Blanding,
made a charming group in white crepe
de chine gowns, with white hats
trimmed with' emerald taffeta and
white tips. They carried dainty' white
chiffon muffs trimmed with white car
nations. It was distinctly a white- and
green wedding — white for eternity and
green for constancy. Pretty symbolism,
wasn't it?
Then came the lovely bride, on the
arm of her father, A. N. Drown. She
was gowned exquisitely In white chiffon
satin, with a tulle veil held in place by
a coronet of orchids. She carried a
large bouquet of the same blossoms.
The ceremony was performed by
Bishop Nichols, assisted by Rev. B. M.
Weeden, rector of St. Luke's.
After the ceremony about 200 guests
drove to the home of the bride on Jack
son street, where a reception was held,
to which the following guests were bid
den:
Bishop and Mrs. Nichols, Miss Mary
Nichols, Philip Lansdale, Mr. and
Mrs. Ferdinand Stephenson, ' Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Osmont, Mr. and Mrs.
Fred McNear, Mr. and Mrs. Will Tay
lor, Mr. and Mrs. George C. Board
man, Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey Board
man, Mr. and Mrs. T. Danforthi
Boardman, Mr. and Mrs. Alexander E).
Kcyes, Mr. and Mrs. Lester, Mr. and
Mrs. Williamson, Mr. and Mrs. Rob
ert Bruce, Miss Mills, Mr. and Mrs.
Silas Palmer,. Mrs. Grayson Dutton,
Mrs. L.. L.. Baker. Philip Baker, Miss
Kate R. Stone, Mrs. Thomas Darragh,
Mr. and Mrs. George Toland Cameron,
Miss Anita Meyers, Mr. and Mrs. Hor
ace Pillsbury, Miss Mary Kip, Mr. and
Mrs. Henry C. Breeden, Mr. and Mrs.
Douglas Watson, Dr. and Mrs. Henry
C. Davis. Captain and Mrs. L. R. Bur
gess, Wallace Everett, Mr. and Mrs.
Alfred Field, Mrs. Arthur Luck, Miss
Anne Field. Mr. and Mrs. James
Bishop, Dr. Morton Gibbons, Mrs. W.
Gate Council, and the officers are as
follows:
Chaplain. Rev. Pius Murphy; president.
Mrs. Mary J. Smith: vice prenident. Miss
Mary Ryan; orator. Miss Charlotte Pau; chan
cellor, Mrs. Margaret RoBerson: recorder. Miss
Agnes Kiannlgan; collector, lira. Margaret
Barry: treasurer, Miss Julia Glennon; trus
tees. Mr*. Elizabeth Ekrmondy. Miss Elizabeth
Furlong. llis« Kathryn Shanahan; marshal,
Mis« Thresa Hayes; guard, Mi*s Mary C.
Ryan.
The meeting will be held every alter
nate Thursday evening.
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
,nnd Electric Company. 415 Post street. "
Light Company Files Statement.
The Mutual Electric Light Company
filed a statement with the Supervisors
yesterday showing: that its receipts
duriner 1903 were $114, 7SS 20; expen
ditures, $95,283 42: original cost of
plant. $519,993 40; floating debt, $5S,
447 99.
CVniOLIC WOMEN* FORM
NEW TRATEHXAL ORDER
Organization Known a* Golden Gate
Counril Is Incorporated Under
Ijsws of \ew York.
A council of the Catholic Women's
Benevolent Lepion was instituted at
St. Dominic's Cnurclv Hall last Thurs
day evening. Deputy Mrp. Anna Pow
ell enrolled a large membership.
The obiect of the association is to
unite fraternally all of • the Roman
Catholic ¦women of good health be
tween the ages of 17 and 50 years. The
society is a mutual and assessment
one and has been Incorporated under
tbe laws of the State of New York.
Members are allowed to insure for the
sum of $250, $500. $1000 and 5*t>00. The
council has been named the Golden
Another delightful little club of fair
bowlers, twenty-flve in number, as
sembles at Jefferson Square every
Tuesday afternoon. They bowl from
2 to 4 rt'clock and have a dainty lunch
eon aflterward. 1 It is a "Dutch treat"
affair, and, as no men are allowed in
the part of the hall reserved for; this
club, -the ' ladies -conduct . their games
on their own lines. ; ; ':
One of .the^largest parties yet formed
for bowling hr the -Wednesday Night
Club, composed of thirty-six ladles and
gentlemen. They had a jolly game on
last Wednesday evening, followed by
a supper in the banquet room, given
by Mr. and Mrs. William Shotwell and
Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Morton., The Co
lonials, which met as usual • on Tues
day evening, includes twelve couples,
with Mr. and Mrs. William T.' Sesnon.
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Mct>re and Mr. and
Mrs. Heber Tilden as officers.
William Greer Harrison gave a din
ner at th% Jefferson Square Club, of
which he ls president, on Tuesday even-
Ing. The guests bowled after dinner
and were afterward "tendered a dainty
supper, before bidding adieu to their
host. Mr. Harrison's guests included
Mr. and Mrs, Henry Lund, Mr. and
Mrs. Stevenson; Mrs. Gerrett Lansing
and M. L. Rosenfeld.
A Jolly club, whose members are of
the younger set. .chaperoned by Mrs.
j Since women have developed a fond-^
ness -for bowling in this city, enthu
siastic groups are seen every afternoon
d u evenin * a t the Jefferson Square
Club, keeping the balls rolling. A jolly
party Wednesday Included Mrs. Holla
day, Miss Martin, Miss J. rMcElroy,
Miss Ella McElroy and Miss Morton.
Mrs. W. A. Richardson enjoys the
distinction of having made the highest
score yet reached by the bowlers since
the opening of the club. Her score on
Wednesday afternoon was 144, when
she bowled with several other mem
bers of the California Whist League.
The others present were Mrs. Eugene
Duffey, Mrs. Fred Lewie, Mrs. James
Osborne, Mrs. L S. Arvill and Mrs. j
Marie Rice. ¦ . ;
Tho invitations are affairs of artis
tic merlt-rthe work of Mrs. Albertina
Randall: Wheelatf.-
are out for the gay Mardl
Gras on the ICth of February. ' It is
said San Francisco is the only city in
the United States, except New Or
lcans^that can imbibe the spirit of the
pre-l«itpn carnival.
•Mrs. Linda Bryan and. her party,
which includes Miss Georgie . Spleker,
Miss . Lalla Wenzelburger and Dr. Ar
nold Genthe, left yesterday for Mex
ico. There is a great) treat in store
for the wanderers— a carnival in the
City of Mexico. To observe the gaye
ties of the carnival many New Yorkers
are on. the way to the quaint old city.
Mrs. Jnsiah Myrick of Portland, Or..
Ip at the Palace on the way to visit her
son In Los .Angeles. Mrs. Myrick is
one of the most distinguished and best
known women in the. Northwest.
R. Smedberg, Miss Cora Smedberg,
Mr. and. Mrs. Samuel Buckbee, Mis3
Juliet Garber, Miss Lucy King. Mrs.
George. Gibbs. Mr. and Mrs. Willard
Drown, Mr. .-. and Mrs. Worthington
Ames, Mrs. Russell Wilson, Miss Emily
v\ ilson, Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Preston,
Miss Gertrude Van Wyck, Miss Ethel
•Cooper, Mra. Louis Monteagle, Mr.
and Mrs. W. W. Montague, Mrs. Henry
Montague.
'- At the church were Mr. and Mrs.
Henry F. Dutton, Mrs. Harry Macfar
lane, Aliss Maye Colburn, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bishop, Dr. and Mrs. John R.
Clark, 5 Miss Ardella Mills,, Miss Eliza
beth Mills^Mrs. William L. Spencer,
Miss Bessie. Cole. Mrs. Charles B.
Stone, -Mrs. Henry Lund Jr., Mrs.-
Gnrrit Lansing, Miss Gertrude Dutton,
Mrs. Selby/ Mrs. Richard Girvin,
Mrs. Kdward Eyre, Miss Frances
Moore; Mr. and Mrs. Mountford Wil
son, Mrs. Eugene Murphy, Mrs. Henry
L. Dodge, Miss Florence Hush, Mrs.
Will.Magee, Mrs. Harold Clpke. Mr.
and Mrs. Harry Bates, Mrs. James
Otis, Mrs. Horace Davis, Mr. and Mrs.
Norris Davis, Miss Marie Wells, Masses
Jolliffe, | Mrs. Rodolph Spreckels, Mrs.
Van Wyck, Mrs. Frank Findley, Mrs.
W. G.' Irwin, Miss Helene Irwin, Mr.
and* Mrs. Lawson Adams, Miss Ida
Gibbons and Mrs. Romayne.
BY SAULY SHARP.
Fas hionable Assemblage
at a W edding at St. Luke s
THE SAN. FRANGISGO K CALL; i SUNDAY, JANUARY; 31; 1904?
36
w A prominent club woman,
Mrs. Dan for th, of St. Joseph,
Mich., tells " how she was cured
of falling of the womb and its
accompanying pains and misery
byLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
" Dkab Mas. Piskham:-— Life looks
dark indeed when a women feels that :
her strength is fading 1 away and she has
no hopes of ever being 1 restored. . | Such
was my feeling a few months ago when'
I was advised that my poor health was
caused by prolapsus or falling 1 of the
womb. The words 'sounded- like &
knell to me, I felt that my sun had set ;
but I/ydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound" came to me' as an'
elixir of life ; it restored the lost forces
and built me up until my good health
returned to me. J For four months I
took the medicine daily, and each dose
added health • and ~ strength. I am so :
thankful for thehelp I obtained through
its use." — Mrs. Flobknoe • DxsnroRTn,
; 1007; Miles Ave., St. Joseph,: Mich.—
_—9SO0Q forfeit If original of about tatter proving
genuinenees cannot be produced. ? .;'-;. -;
"FREE MEDICAL AI>VICB
w TOWOMBN,"
Women would save time and
much sickness ¦•' if i they : would;
write to Mrs. Pinkham for advice
as soon as any distressing symp-
toms appear. It is free, and has
-put thousands of women on the*
right road to recovery,
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
'And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. ,W, TRAVERSE " Donobo*
building. 1170 Market street^ cor. Taylor,', roomf
28-20. with the electric needle without pain or
•car; permantacy nuarauteedjhowo 1 to 4 ».«,
oceo©oe©o«oocooo©ooooeoooooos>ooooooooo©oooooo
I Tremendous Reductions I
• - ; ' " •
I Broken Lots and Odd Svits, |
I Jackets and SKirts |
I At 30 Cents on the Dollar. |
9 ARRIVAL Or FIRST CONSIGNMENT OF 2
I Spring Stock. |
! © New Military Eton Novelty Mixture OM Zf\ l n OQH flfi 2
® Suits, elegantly trimmed, from.... OlHaUU lU OOUlUU %
• New Military Suits, in Black, Blue QIC rfl i n 007 CH 5
8 and Mixtures, from . . OlOiOU ID Oil lOU O
• WE 'ALTER 'GARMENTS FREE OP CHARGE. 2
J ? Wholesale Manufacturers J
• 1142-1146 MARKET ST.- 2
• ' • — — — — — '— ] ; — t*
gfg Order f^or the
dREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOR
Mail This Ordax to Th» Saa Tranelsco Call WlUi 75c
;San Francisco, Cal.:
Inclosed herewith pie ase 6nd 75c. for which send me one
copy of. The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
' Cents i$~ The Call'sl Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers^ to the. daily and San day paper, and the additional 25c is
•• to "prepay^ shipping charges.)
: ; siGNEr:'%;;..;:.;........v.. .;........ ...
STREET- ys.-'il-. ....... .... .................... .i
CITY?....:.-............;.... ,...
"¦ STAtE'Cv;;-.^^-;.;;..;.... : . : ....;s.. ..............
•¥.*"'" ' ''" . . ' - ' ' . r-~r. ; ; — ; ; '¦ r— —*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
;'No Mend" - y^ — . ": Just Re<Jeivodi
Chiiaren's Hose ' (*O • New Shipment of
Ribbed Biackcotton, with ©l^CUXm£lKV : GeSft\ DilUftSiCKVi Equipoise Waists
Linen Re-inforced Knees, vil WWl^WelV^^IWmjWlV* The Most Satisfactory
r ah sizes KeaniY acd Softer, S,ts. C^mm^^ corset waist
25 c pair. ' Made for Ladies.
Ladies' Stylish Winter Waists
i| Tke Opportunity of the Season (£%?z)
We have put closing out prices on ourentire stock of .Ladies' Waists —we need the room they
occupy for incoming spring and surrfmer goods^ All are entirely new, of this season's cleverest
and most fetching styles in Flannel; Alpaca, ¦ Cheviot; , Albatros, etc.— on sale to-morrow at con-
siderably under the regular prices :' "
LADIES' WAISTS, SOLD REGULARLY AT $2.75 and $3!00 EACH, REDUCED TO $2.00
LADIES' WAISTS, SOLD REGULARLY AT $3.50 and $3.75 EACH, REDUCED TO $2.50
LADIES' WAISTS, SOLD REGULARLY AT $4.00 and $4.25 EACH, REDUCED TO $3.00
LADIES' WAISTS, SOLD REGULARLY AT $4.75 and $5.00 EACH, REDUCED TO $3.75
LADIES' WAISTS, SOLD REGULARLY AT $7.00 and $8.00 EACH, REDUCED TO $5.00
- - - j . ' t -*^ ' - , - S-ty - tt"^ \' ' \ {**% • \ % TT"^ *
Voj/Ok r\\ K\|or*U U r'^ k f*f'ir*OrClt"C /Third Floor\
OalC Ul X31d-L.lV OlllV. L CLLICWCILO VKcamyStJ
A big, special purchase of Silk Petticoats goes on sale to-morrow. They are handsomely made
of fine, lustrous, rustling Black Taffeta Silk of excellent quality ; full width, trimmed with prettily
tucked Spanish flounce, edged with small ruffle, also dust ruffle. Real value $8.50; our */ pa
special price for Monday's sale $U.dU
Lace Curtain Values Extraordinary '^sssss)
Pretty Madras Curtains, in ecru ground with green, red, A large assortment of fine Arabian Cable Net Curtains,
old rose, and blue cross stripes — finished with tassel with plain centers and prettiest of insertion border
fringe at bottom — 40 Inches wide and 3 yards ,. f . designs — 50 inches wide and 3^ yards long .;/.,
long — suitable for either dining or bed-room ,~- — curtains that sell regularly at $3.25 pair ; C rv
curtains ; sale price, per pair «pl «^>> sale price to-morrow.
The Newest Drapery Materials te^)
No house in the city can equal our magnificent display of Draperies. Here you will find the
very newest materials at prices most moderate. These four exceptional values are particularly
adapted for Portieres, Lounge Covers, Bed Spreads and Bedroom Curtains :
Plain Burlaps, 36 Inches wide — a heavy serviceable Art Tickings and Dimities, 36 inches wide, all new color-
material, in green, red, delf, brown and tan ; . ings, in dresden, floral and stripe effects ;
our price, per yard........ 15C special, per yard 30C
Figured Burlaps, 36 inches wide, in latest Persian and Ori- Linen Taffeta,' 36 inches wids, in tan color ground with
entai designs on red, brown, tan and green beautiful large floral designs; exceptional
grounds; splendid value, per yard. 20C value, per yard . 45C
Ladies' Knit Underwear and Hosiery (£
• . Four Exceptional Values For Monday
Ladies' Swiss ribbed Wool Vests, high neck with short Ladies' Cashmere Union Suits, fine ribbed, in. natural
• or no sleeves, in shrimp, natural, pink and . color, with long sleeves and ankle length;
black; formerly $1.50 each, on sale at.... <5C sizes 4 and 5; were $3.00, sale price $2.25
Ladies' fine ribbed Merino Union Suits, natural color, Ladies* fine Cashmere Hoss, in black or natural color,
with long sleev.es and ankle length; sizes ' „ with merino heels and toes and double soles— an
4 and 5; worth $2.00 per suit, sale price" $1.2:> excellent wearing article ; per pair........ 50c
STAMPED WAIST PATTERNS $1.00 BED SLIPPERS for 65c.
(Second Floor Kearny Street) -'•.'• ' > (Third Floor Kearny St.)
Just received — New Shirt Waist Patterns, stamped on We* place on sale Monday a large lot of Eidsrdown
fine white oxford; ready to be embroidered. Designs ire Bed Slippers, in red, white, blue, pink, green, - • •'
Wild Rose, Pomegranate. Butterfly, Oriental. ¦•¦' lavender. and gray — all sizes — sold regularly at
Scroll and Conventional, exquisite patterns, each. 5*»50 _$i.oo per pair, sale price 65c
LADIES' BELTS HALF PRICE. | SALE OF CUSHION TOPS
¦ (Firit Floor Sutler St) - ' (Second Floor Kearny St.)
Stylish Suede Leather Belts, In tan and gray, with cov- : Hundreds of Cushion Covtrs on sale to-morrow. Thev
ered buckles •rnamented with cut steel; real - •_, are beautifully tinted and outlined for workinc in
value $4-5<V sale price... *zus smoker, holly, carnation, acorn, autumn leaf,
Handsome Saffian Leather Belts, in red, with buckle pine cone, fleur de Us and conventional designs
studded with cut steel; sold originally at $4.00 ' —regularly sold, top with back at 25c, 35c and " A
each, sale price $1.85 50c each, sale price 20C
Remnants at Glearing Prices
, if you have needfor any of the following materials in lengths of from 1 to 5 yards, you cannot
afford to allow this opportunity to pass without an investigation.
Remnants are marked with regular remnant prices, from which we deduct these extra discounts :
Ono-H»lfOff I One.Third Off J On •-Quarter Off
Dress Trimming, Chiffon and Lace and Embroidery Silk, Velvet, Allover Lace and
Veiling Remnants I Remnants •^|;. : Ribbon Remnants
MAIL, ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION — SAMPLES SENT TO ANY ADDRESS
XEWMAN- & IJEVIXSOX.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
c3oo<joooaoQoooc*oe«e96©«aoocooo»e«e«©©oos8o«oe&oocoo03©oooQOt)Ooeo«eo
• Have You Started Your Ivory City Portfolio? ) g
S Ttjc Dainty a Qd Instructive Repro- . ) S
•J ductiOQS io Color of \ |
2 1 ¦ 1 o
I &he St. £ouis I
I Worlds fair Port folio Series j
o > •
O Can be obtained only through The Sunday Call. Kilter-prising, Aggres- •
O sive and Substantial Greater San Francisco's Greatest Daily offers its •
g readers a feature that can be bound in portfolios, framed and In other ®
Q ways preserved and liunded down to future generations, commemorating ®
q one of the great events in the world's history and the greatest of the q
• new born twentieth century. •
o ' ' - ¦'¦'¦¦• " ' -..'-¦-•,.• ©
• PALACE OF EDUCATION. •
- 3 ' ¦¦¦¦"•¦¦••
S The Second of tbe Series Will Be Issued Sunday, pgbruary 7, 1904 | •
o Cut Out This Descriptive Matter and Paste on 5
o I j the BacK of Picture. %
O . I The Palace of Education occupies one of the most prominent places §
O In the Exposition, and-justly so, as. this. distinction Is only consistent with — •
• ¦ the theory upon which tlie entire organization is . based, viz. : that educa- •
q i tion Ls tne 6onrce or all progress. . •
O j From its Inception the aim has been to select an 'educational exhibit S
0 j that would be national in its scope, to present comprehensively and ~ «. •
O eystematically the educational methods in vogue in this, country and to •
• ' j assemble for comparison and scientific study contributions - from all for- ¦.•
? | eisn nations noted for educational, progress and research. ' '•
0. I | The architectural constniction in this Universal Exposition affects the '2
9 majestic hi the Great Ivory White Exhibit Palaces, historical in the 2
• foreign and State buildings, all-world, realistic and unique hi concession $
• structures. v - •
~ ¦ 1 The Palaoe of Education is a rarely graceful structure of modern •
q classic architecture, is surrounded by a majestic Corinthian colonnade,: ' •
0 [ covers seven acres of ground and is in "the heart of the Exposition. •
• j Tl»e brilliancy of the coloring,, e^vened by a lagoon bordered by a £
O balustrade ornamented viith statuaryt impart life and realism to the 0
? • ] scene. - . ' .. ..•'¦' o
« These pictures will doubtless be sold in portfolio form in the near ©
. ¦ ! future at prohibitive figures. ;. ¦ , \ ®
O You can obtain the full set for absolutely nothing by subscribing for 2
m [ *imKMmJX3t0mMRBBKSN^&KJMnttllttSllii^^ ' ®
S | THE SAN FRANpISCQ GA^L 1 j
ADVERTISEMENTS. ~£
HiBBBgBBBBgjBBgBaaa«BBm^»qgaBgi»wgH««giBiBiaaB
Dry Goods Company
1904 Spring Styles
SUITS, SKIRTS, JACKETS
Comprehensive lines in qualities de-
serving attention; styles emphasized: ,
novelties at prices commanding rec-
ognition: .'.* \ .*. '.". .'. .'. .'.
Ladies' TaildV-Made Suits.
Dress and Walking Skirts.
New Shapes in Jackets in Black Cloth, . .
Cheviot and Tan Covert Cloth:
Satisfactory garments artistically made .
and right up to the minute in idea
and material represented. .'. .'. .'..'.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Geary ted Stockton Streets, Union Squara-ST. CLAIRSV1LLK. Ohio, Jan. .SO.— A negro
burglar last nlebt = shot v and probably fatally
wounded Albert Troll, cashier of the Second
National Bank, and his brother. George -Troll,
manager cf Troll's clothlnr store. . . .
The closest - frame in doubles was
that' between William Eaton and S.
Irving and J. M. Duncan and H. Li.
Tickner. The score in favor of the
former was 21 to 18.' . Patterson : and
Foreman proved too strong for " Mof
falt and Dr. Gunn, beatingr them 21 to
12.' M. *L.. Crowe and A. B.* Maguire
won a rather one-sided match from
J. W. Stott and G. W. Elder. The
score was 21 to 9.' J. P.. Taylor and
Alexander .Hay beat J. T. Dare and
Y. C. Lawson. 21 to 16. •
Some «jood matches were played by
the Scottish bowlers yesterday on* the
Golden Gate Park grreen. In a three
man ' match J. C. Moffatt, the club
champion,' carried off the. honors
easily. His score was 21, while -those
of G. C. Patterson and A. Foreman
were respectively 10 and 6. :
Interesting Practice Matches Played
in Both Singles and. Doubles
by Experts. n
SCOTTISH BOWLERS MEET
ON RECREATION GREEN
In the semi-finals Miss Mary Rat
cliffe and Stringham "owed" Miss
Bessie Valleau and Herbert Schmidt
"1-6" and won in straight sets. The
score was 7-5, 6-3.
All of the best players of the club
were out for practice and some good
matches were played. Joseph Tobin
and Will Taylor met their first defeat
yesterday. J. D. MacGavln and Grant
Smith proved much too strong 1 for
them, winning three straight sets. The
score was 6-1. 6-4, 6-2. The winners
were much too strong for their oppo
nents at the net. Another, good prac
tice match was that between the Har
dy brothers, Sara and Sumner, and
Drs. Hill and McChesney. The ex
champions won two sets out of three,
the score being 2-6, 7-5, 6-2.
The interclub doubles between the
California and Golden Gate clubs will
be played on the courts of the former
clu % to-day..
The best match of the tournament
was that In the semi-finals between
Miss Ethel Ratcliffe and Dr. Sumner
Hardy and Miss Hotchkiss* and Allen.
The latter were on "scratch," while
their opponents were "3-6" back of
scratch. Miss . Ratcliffe and Hardy
were favorites and when they won
the first set 6-3 it seemed they would
have but little trouble winning. In
the second and third sets Miss Hotch
kiss and Allen played a strong- game
and won out after a hard, close
struggle. Miss Hotchkiss played a
much better game than the* young
lady opposing and the credit of their
victory belongs fully as much to her
as to Allen. Miss Hotchkiss showed
she is the strongest girl player in this
part of the State. The* score of this
match was 3-6, 6-3, 6-4.
The handicap mixed doubles tennis
tournament commenced on the Cali
fornia Club courts a week ago was
finished yesterday. The winners were
Miss Hazel Hotchkiss of Berkeley and
Will Allen of San Francisco.
All three matches were close, two
of them requiring three seta to settle
the question of supremacy. In the
finals Miss Hotchkiss and Allen al
lowed odds of "owe 2-6" to Miss Mary
Ttatcliffe of Berkeley and Frank
Stringham of San Francisco. The
losers played a fine game at the start
and won the first set easily. On the
next two sets Miss Hotchkiss and Al
len improved, while Miss Ratcliffe and
Stringham weakened. The score was
2-6. 6-1; 6-2.
Miss Haiel Hotchklss of Berkeley and
Will Allen- of This City Are I
the Victors. '
HANDICAP ITOURXAMEXT
PRODUCES FAST TEXXIS
BOSTON. Jan. 30. — Boston' ¦ death rate of
17. C9- per 1000 Inhabitant! last year was the
lowest since 1849, when the first attempt to
keep reliable records was made. ;
At a late hour last night, after a con
ference between the employers and the
men, the cloakmakers' strike was set
tled, and the men will return to their,
respective shops to-morrow morning.
A compromise was effected, the men
waiving their demand for shorter hours
and agreeing to work nine hours a day,
including Saturdays, and the employers
promising to unionize their sh,ops.
Oloakmakers' Strike Settled.
About eix months ago Williams ap
peared at Santa Clara and obtained
work In the Pacific Improvement Mill
at that place. Mrs. Josephine Meyers,
the mother of his sweetheart, conducts
a boarding-house, and Williams went
to board with her. The two young peo
ple at once became lovers, and last
September Williams eloped with his
landlady's daughter. Miss Meyers was
not quite 18 years old and her mother
objected to the marriage. In eloping
Meyers forgot to pay his board bill, and
Mrs. Meyers at once swore out a. war
rant charging him with beating her
out of $27. The young couple was. lo
cated in San ( Francisco and brought
back to Santa Clara. Mrs. Meyers took
her daughter home and Williams was
convicted and sentenced to six months
in the County Jail by Justice Herring
ton.
This only Increased the girl's ardor
for her lover, and she called regularly
at the jail to see him. She finally won
her mother over, and of late Mrs. Mey
ers has been urging the marriage. Wil
liams is only 19 years old, and in order
for him to marry he must have a
guardian. Attorney W. M. Beggs was
interested in the case, and he found
that Williams, who had been an orphan
for many years, was entitled to $185
pension as the son of a pensioner that
had never been collected. This money
has now been secured from the Gov
ernment. Governor Pardee was also
importuned to pardon Williams, as the
sentence was deemed a severe one, and
he consented on the condition that the
young people get married. As soon as
the marriage is performed the pardon,
which has been prepared, will be hand
ed Williams.
A marriage license for the young peo
ple was procured to-day and the wed
ding was to have taken place. Father
Raggio of Santa Clara, who is to per
form the ceremony, could not be pres
ent, however, and the marriage has
been postponed until Monday morning.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 30.— The Governor's
blessing in the form of. a pardon awaits
Walter H. Williams, a prisoner in the
County Jail, as soon as he weds Jose
phine A. Meyers, a comely miss of San
ta Clara. "Williams is serving a six
month sentence for beating his fiancee's
mother out of a board bill, and in the
regular course of things would not be
discharged from the Jail until February
21, and then only at that time by the
allowance of thirty days for good be
havior. Besides not only being par
doned, he will have the snug little sum
of $185 of a back pension to start mar
ried life with. , ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• During the past ten days fires \ of
mysterious origin have been of almost
nightly occurrence and the authorities
haw concluded that they are the sys
tematic work of incendiaries. Orders
have been Issued to patrolmen and
firemen to keep a close watch In the
hope of detecting the perpetrators.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 30. — Three
flres, two in the residence portion of
town near Westlake Park and another
at the Clede Hotel on West Sixth
street, nearly a mile and a half apart,
broke out at almost the same hour
this morning. It seems certain that
all were of incendiary origin. Only
one proved to be of a serious nature,
destroying two dwellings that had
Just been completed and as yet un
occupied, entailing: a loss of $5000.
Patrolmen Are Ordered to Keep
a Close Watch in an Ef
fort to Find the Miscreants
Penalty That Is Visited on a
Young Man After a Mother's
Charges Is to Be Removed
SEQUEL OF AN ELOPEMENT
FLAMES IN THE NIGHT
Prisoner at San Jose Is to Be
Liberated on the Condition
That He Marry on Belease
Deep Mystery Surrounds Causes
of Three Morning Fires
in the City of -Los Angeles
CUPID GAINS
HIM A PARDON
INCENDIARY'S
TORCH ACTIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SUNDAY, JANUARY 31, 1904.
37
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
64-DOC
OPEN
SUNDAY, JANUARY 31
Coursing will begin at 10 o'clock sharp and
continue until the last winning Out goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES— -—$620
."All Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
THOMAS TTERNET. Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAO. Slipper.
*• SUNDAY AFTERNOON. Feb. 7th. at 3
FIRST KOPTA
QUARTEHE^POP 11 CONCERT
MBS. O. MAHSPEIDT, Piaatiit.
Tickets. $1.00 and 60c. Apply at Hall.
COM- m IITVCIT The Great
INC OLAUVCLI Lyric Soprano
ZK THEEE PKOORAMMES OF SOKO.
EVENINGS ot Feb. 18th and 18th
Prices 52.00, $1.50 and $1.00. ; Matinee Sat-
urday. Feb. 20th. -Mall, orders now received.
"THE PITII8 ABE COUTTTV'
AMXTSEMEgTS.
SAN FRANGiSGO/ ' -»'¦ j* \ '
BY AUTOMOBILE c^^a^
Rates less £hancarriages. J^^^^^)
MOBILE CAKBIAGE CO.
Golden Gate and Van Ness Aves.
/ Phones Ixtrkln 3S41— Polk. 3056.
' Downtown Office. Lobby Palace Hotel.
¦ - Phone; Bush 859. ' I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
frfel If •: 4/ JfRIKTINQ
f|s3. \ -7 ASD
•^JS^^V DEVELOPING
kj\\ \f\\ Is my pet specialty. I
'* if B v l\ have * et tb * race on
7 I C \fi\ lr ' w r rlces en th ' s sort
j V! M i\ c ' T -' or ' c and I hava es-
l^^y B V tabllahed a standard of
"4Ay Cstft jgt excellence in It which
T *¦'/ ¦ ' elves It special value,
•y fl V Here are a few of my
i/ H \ prices:
DEVEI.0PINO:
t-n It Roll of six 10>o
1,1 /J/ Roll of twelve 15a
1 /III - ntxMrrara:
>yJu y Sollo finish 3o to 0c
& j ( ) \ Veloz finish. .3c to 6c
rj (j\ I ctrry in stock all
> w sizes of films for ko-
daks. Size Ittx2tt. 6
exposures. 15c; 12 exposures, 25c; size mix
3V». 6 exooaures. 20c: 12 exposures, 40c:
size 2Hx4i;. 6 exposures, 25o; 12 exposures,
fiOc; size HhixiM. 0 exposures. 35c; 12 ex-
posures, 70c. Other sizes at equally low
prices.
Mall erden promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
r. -w. Pitts,
The Stationer,
1008 MARKET ST., Above Powell.
Baa Francisco. '
XAZX.WA7 TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
T ¦Tnffjfcj MITT!
SAN FRANCISUO ANu NURTH PACIFIC
BAIIWAT COUFAITT.
Tiburon Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAN PRAHCISCO TO SAW BATAEIi.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, »:M.-U:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:S0. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trlD
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :50 and 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 5:30.
5:00. «:2O. 11:30 p. m.
SAW BATAXL TO SAW PBAKOIECO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:35. 7:50. 9:20 11-13
a. m.: 12:50, 3:40. 5:00. 8:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extta trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m
6LXDATS— S:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40 340*
4:55. 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave^ f In Effect j Arrive
Ban Franclsco.l Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. \ tlon. | days. \ Days
7:30 « 8:00a - ' 9:10a 8:40a
« »« »:30a I«rnacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
fifog lloog Sjggg «'»»P
7:30 *r e ™ : »:10al 8:40a
s». I 8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petalum* 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35p|
5:00 P Santa Roaa. \
7:80 * . „ 10:40ajl0:20a
8:30 p llggg FuU0n - 7:35 p| 6:20 p
"Windsor. " "
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr, 10:40 a 1020 a
Lytton,
8:30 p 8:30 p Geyserville, 7:38 p 620 d
__^ Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 aj Hopland 110:40 a!l0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pj and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllts. I 7:35 p| 6:20^
7:30 a! S:00a! 7T. : 110:40 a!l0°0 a
3:30 pj 3:30 pj Cnernevllia. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:80 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 at 8 -40 a
5:10 pi 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a!1020 a
3:30p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for" Ban
Quentln; at Santa. Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark We6t
Springs; at Lyttcn' for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysere, Boonevllle and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Spring's, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
.Spring?, Saratcga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerly'e'
Bucknell's. Sanbedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr's
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche,' CamD
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bra*r
Westport. Usal: at Willits for Fort Bran'
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Leyton"
vlll?, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs, Harris, 01-
sen'e. Dyer, Garberrtlle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manarer. Gen. Pass. Art.
" J 0S^ NRAFAEL>
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY/
CAZADERO, Etc
via SausaUto Terry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally— 7:00. 8:00.
&15 615. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20, 11:45 n. m.
FROM KAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO |
—Daily— 525. 6:35, 7:40, 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20; 1:45. 2:55. 8:45. 4:45. 6:45. 6:45.
8 'rRO 1 M' J^IlLL n VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 6:45. 6:55, 7:52. 8:55. 9:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35, 2:00. 3:15. 4:05, 6:05, 6:06,
7:05. 9:00, 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
, 8:00 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays ercepted) —
Tomales and way stations..
' 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way •tatlons.
TICK KT OFFICE— €2C , Market «t.
KEHRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
" Leave . tia Sntalits ttnj .Arrive
SaaFrancbco Fast sf Harkst sX San Fran dscst
Week Snn- rooa Son- lWeek
D«y». daya tffiflBjffffh days Day*.
*1I:N1 U 8:00a fflmtUffll 12:05r foita
•I:46p 9:0Oa l»^nD Ittttr %:&Or
11:OOa \^S®r 4:5Op»:«» r
— —. l:*5p T^BsEtir »:6«p ,.
tsMsit wiA ittp fcr * MyasaaTusrrhssa
nCUT ( 626 Majlkxt St_( North Shore RailroidT
•IflCB } aad Sausauto Fmmxr, Foot klarket St. -
UNION
COURSING
DARK
p. j. jxEiiii.-sr jndiro
JAS. 7. GB ACE Slipper
SUNDAY, JAN. 31, 1904
Gigantic
Open Stake
Of Sixty-four
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
fligh=Ciass Performers
total oinnni t ° tal
TEAIN EERTICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets) at 10:13
a. m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets, five minutes later. Returning at 5
p. . m. San Mateo electric cars direct to park
entrance every four minutes during the day.
ADMISSION 25 CHITTS; I^ADEBS FREE.
High-Class Specialties Ever, Afternoon and
Evening in the Heated Theater. •
GUT WILSON AND NELLIE DALT-MORAN;
DERVIN; - FLORENCE itAYFIELD: MON-
TAGUE'S COCKATOO CIRCUS: KOPLIN;
FOWLER AND KOPLIN ; , MABEL LAM-
SON AND NEW. MOVING PICTURES.
BEE THE BABIES IN THE INFANT INCU-
BATORS.
HANHIBAL, • the Untamable African
Lion, in tho Zoo.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission 10c; Children.. 5c. .
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."..
MISCEI.r.AlSTEOPS AMTTSEMEKTS.
EXCURSION TO NAPA.
Recollect that the Weather Is ' Delightful in
,-, Napa when It Is Cloudy In San Francisco.
S§B^Sggi STEAMER ST. 1 . HELENA V
¦Wlll Leave Washlngton-st. Wharf, Pier 3. at
¦ •.. ¦ ¦¦;¦. : '¦• : ¦- •:.'•¦..- 10 a.^m.^' .<•''¦-•-' ¦?¦---
SUNDAYS JANUARY 31.: Ram or Shine.
, . TICKETS— Round Trip '50 ; Cents.
'¦'¦¦¦¦- :• Dancing on Board Steamer.' ;
Good Music. - Refreshments on Board Steamer.
_; ¦ ; ¦ ' AMUSETffErrra. r,
TO-NIGHT extra! -bjmgv^?
. . c:o/*r. TviorvrsA'v. feb. &
ANOTHER WEEK LOUIS HI
I MUSICAL COMEDY I A I ¥OR1D WIDE I T A TIIT Tl O OR
[_ffift_JA L_SeLJ JAJYlJib Sal«
CHINESE FRPTiir X
HONEYMOON wariw Z
U GREAT ?OXO HITS. Y? JljL JL LJLsr JLA
Including: "Frocks and Frills," "I "Want to Be a^«B^M«
a Lldy," "The A La Girl." etc. In "VTagrenhals & Kemper's
Ifaislv* and Sublime SpcctaclA.
company ,oo. ALEXAIMDER THE GREAT
Handsome* Chorus Ever Ee»n H«r». Tha Talk of th* Contlntnt.
•ratt.wAY TEAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
j LIMITED TO CHICACO
LEAVES DAILY
at U :30 a. n., tlironc-h la 3 dart,
xr:th diner and all trapping*.
Other S*nts> 7a Traisn
I"?n"'S'\ tor Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
*"oQv m.J Uercea> HBS^ r « *na Visalla.
4 ;00 p. is. for Stockton.
fl 00 p. m. for Karma City, Grand CVnTcn aad
Cfclcaco.
TICKET OrriCES — 641 Kxrket St. aad
Terr? Depot. 8. T. Also 1112 Broad-
T-ay, Oakland, Cal. 87 South First
St., San Jose.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
"Xrmias !*»»<• and »r» due to arrive mt
>AN HiANtlsCO.
(Main Line. Foot ot Market Street.)
lbate — Fvom FeBirxlT 1. 190t. — akkitb"
7-00a Vacavilie, Wintera. Bux«ey_ 7-60r
74)0* Benlcla, So'.ton. Elmlrsand Sacra-
•:.•-.!•> 7.20r
7.23* T:.' ».'-.. N»r». Calistoea, 6anU
!.¦!-». Martinez, San liamon 6 I0r
7 10 » K!:ea. Ltvermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton ».... 7-20*
8004 £¦: ¦ --a Expreit— (\:t Havlii,
'¦¦'»::» (for BartlMt f.prlncs),
•Wtiiows. trruto. Ked Bluff,
Fortland. Tacotns, Seattle 7.50T
¦ 00* Dsvja.Woo<4!aa<i, Kn'ehta Landu^,
Marytville. OroTllle 7.50*
E 3C» Pert Costa. Martiarz. Antloch.
Byron. Tracy. Stoctteo. New-
man. Lot Uanoa. M^cdota.
.':¦: r.-i. Hacford, Vlialls,
Port»TT):!e 4.2Gp
8 J3* Port Cot-ta, Martinez. Tracy. Latb-
roji. Modesto. Merced. Fresno.
i.otfa Junction. Banford.
TlMlia. B«ker*fleld 4.50r
t IZ- :¦ .... San .'¦••». Ltrermore. Stock-
:-..-".' '¦¦¦^¦¦. lone. Sacramento,
PlacervlMe. Marrsrllle, Chico,
F.fl Biuff 4.20*
8. 30* Oakdai*. Chlneie. Jamestown. 6o-
cora. loolnmne and Accelt ..... 4 20r
8 00* Atlantic F.xpre«»— Ogden and Eatt. 11.20a
9.50* Ulchmocd, Martinet and TTay
Station* 8 BOp
10 00* Tb» O\erland Limited — Ofden.
P^nver. Omaha. Chicago 6 ?0r
1000* Va:iejo 12 20?
1000* Loc Anpe!e« PaMenger — Port
Co»ta. Martinez, ByTon. Tracy,
l.Mhrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Freino. Goihen Junc-
t'on. Hanford. Lemoore. V'lRalla,
PakereCeid. Loa Angeles 7-20'
700" Hnywurd. 'Nile* and TTay Stations. 3.20P
n.C0r Sacrament" nirer Eteamera tii-OOr
J 30 p Ben!c!a. Winter*. Sacramento,
".'•--.»•:. lit'jli'i Landing.
MarjfTll'.e, Ororllle aad way
cutfons 10-50i
I ZZr Hayward. SHes and Way Station!.. JhQr
J JOr Port Costa, Martinez. Byroa,
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto,
JlerceJ, Frt-sno and Way 6ta-
tlonf beyond Port C'o»ta 1220P
S-SOp MarUaer. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1020*
4 OOr Martinez, Sau Kamon. Vallejo.Napa,
CaiUtoca. Santa Ko»a 9 2Ja
4 OOp Kllei, Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.2*r
4.3Dr Deyward. Nile*. Irvlngtoo. San I t8.60*.
Joce. Llrermore 1 til. 60a
I CCr The Owl Limited— Newman. Loi
B&no*. Mendota. Fresne. Tolare,
Baterifield. Lot A :et>f.
Go!d»n State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Lot Angele*, fur Chi-
capo, via C.R.I. *P 8.50l
6X0f Port Cotta, Tracr. Stockton 12.20p
t6 30p Hayward. KUes &cd San Joi<e 7.20a
COOp Hayward. Kile* and San Jose S.bCU
S-O0p Eajitern Exrreaa— Opden. D«nTer t
Omaha. Et. Ixiule. Chlcafo and
Eact. Port Cocta. Benlcla, Bul-
ran, Elnslra, Darls, Earramento,
Rocklln. Aubars. Colfax,
Iruckee. Boca. !'. eno. Wada-
¦rorta, Wlcoemucca JL B 28*
t.OOr Vallejo. dally, except Sunday I t ci»»
7 -OOP Va;!ejo. Sunday only f t-9ur
7£0p Kl r hmond. San Pablo, Port Coita,
liartlnez and Way Stations 11.20a
I Clr Oreron A California Rzpreta — 6ae-
ramento, Marytvllle. Bedding,
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8 60*
* :tr Eayward, Nile* and Saa Joie (Sna-
dayon'.yi 11.60a
COAST LINE <aarr«w tiaap).
m <Koot of Mt-rket 6treet.)
r «.T6* Newark. Centerrllle. Ban Joia,
Felton. Doalaer Creek, Santa
Crnz and Way Stations 6-55P
t2 Mr Kerark. CecterTlHe. San Joie,
h'ew Almaden. Lot OatotTcHoa,
Xioalder Creek, Santa Crcz and
Principal Way Stations ttO-SS*.
4.1Sr Neirark. Ban Jose, Loa e a tot. and j «8.65 *.
waysutlon* r. ... i :13 65*
•E I0» Hcnter» Train. Eatcrday only. San
Jocc asd Way Ftatlona. Retnrn-
Ipg from Iy>« Gato* Sunday only. *7 2Sf
O A K LAND HARBOR FE R R Y.
Froxs fcAN r ltA>CISCO, Foot of Market Bl. <Sllp<»
-*¦,:;:. :• ¦« :: v a.m. 100 3X0 S-Ibr.x.
Fr«m (IAKI.AKD. Foot «f Brue.dway — 16:00 it:M
n-.Ob lo:ou am. 12. CO 2^00 4JQ0 r.u.
COAST LINE (Broad Oa«K*).
I3f~ ( 1 hlrd and iownnend Streeu.)
6.1 0* t-ia Jote and Way Stations fi.SOr
7 00* fan Jot? and Wny Stations 6 38f
f. CO* I^'ew Almaden CTnes., Frld^ only), 4.1 Of
8 CC* Tbe O>aster— Stops only S»n Jasf.
Gllroy fconnecilon for Bollla-
ter>. Pajaro. CMtrorllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
sod Parisc Grore), Eslinat. San
Ardo. Paso Roblea. P snta Mir
parlta. 6aa Ln!» Obl^o. principal
nations thence Sorf (connection
for Lompoo, principal rtatloni
thPnce6actaBarbara.San Bnena-
ventura, t-ancua. Loa ABpelen... 10-48*
t.CO* Em Jose. Tres Plnoa, Capitol a.
tianwCrnz.PaclncGrore.Sallnas.
•-t.:. I i;> Oblcpo and Principal
Wey Stations 4.10P
10.50* Hl .."¦<¦ nr.-i %V«t Station 1.2QF
11 iO* Santa Clara, t-ac Joie. Los Galos
and Way (Stations ." * J0p
' ZVr fc« n jo#e and Way Stations , t-36*.
3 COp Del Monte Expre«s— Santa Clara,
ban Jove. Del Monte, Monterey. -
Pacific Grove (connects at ttanta
Clara for Santa Crnx. Boulder
Creek ac«i NarrowGaugePoInU)
•t Ollroy for Holllster. Tres
I'lno*. at 'CastmvlHe forSallnat. 12.16P
!-50p Tre* Plnot War P««»enirer 10.45a
* 7,0 r Han .¦¦¦-• and Way 8t«xlons 18 00*
?bOOp fcsn Jwc, (t:» Sjanta Clara) Los
• tiatot. and Principal Way 6t»-
tloDs (exert 8undar) 19.00*
r 'Cf fcaoJcxeanr! Principal Way Stations {9 40*
f'Jir Mr-c Limited. — liedwoi-d. San
Jo»e. C llroy.5 ; a:!Ba*,Paao Iirfbles,
fean Lu'» ii.Vj'ij. baota Barbara,
lx* Anceiea. Peniln*. FJ Pa»o.
New Orlenn*. New York. •Con-
necw at Psjaro for Sant* Cruz
end at Cactrovlll* for Faclflc
Vroveand Tfa> Statloss • 7-10*
?S '.lr fcaiiMateu.Uerrsford.lSrlniont.San
Car'."*. Re.dw«,.d. Fair Oaka.
ilenloParic Palo Alto.: t6-*8A
* 33p Joce and Way Stations 6-3S*
8. 00r Palo Alto and Way fctstlots 10.15a
l LSOp eoiith ban Krancifco. Ml!ll>rse. Bnr-
;!c?am«-, San Mateo. Belmont,
fc*n Carloc liedwood. Fair Oaka,
Meclo Park, and P«io Alto 9-45r
cIISOp lUyficld. Mountain View. Sonny-
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
!-an Jo*e J9.4Sp
A for Martin?. P for Afternoon.
¦ .Mindar«xce->tcd. t Sunday only.
« Saturday tm'y . k
{ Stop* at all clatlcns en Scaday.
WOniT trslnn-siorplnc at Valencia St. sontibonnd
«ret.-lft*.>..,;:O0A.ii_ 11:30 a M M 3:30p.m.. 6:30P.M.and
l:O0p.».
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ocoeo©oes©«99o©eo©o©oo©oso©opoooG©e»coo<seo8o©
• : "-~ ".^ \ -\ ¦-•-"¦¦ ¦ §
i AliVA VLh S S VlrS i
| V| SPRING 1QO4~\ |
| We are prepared now to show complete lines of |
• Advance Spring Styles, a radical change from 1903. §
e The new Eton and the new Blouse Suits, entirely new J
g Mixtures, Novelty Zibelines and plain colors. •
| As usual we will begin the new season with our old ©
o Motto: The most fashionable and best made garments %
| Always Lower Than Anywhere. |
I New Suits at $15, $17-50, $20, $22.50, $25. 1
| COME AND SEE THEM. . |
S Broken Sizes Odds and Ends Broken Lines g
J Must Be Sold at a Fraction of Former Prices •
• $22.50 and $20.00 LONG COATS, SKIRTS 8
• Suits at $9.95. black or mixtures, S3 50 atialitv SI 7«i S
S $25.00,$30.00and $9.00, $10.00. of !
S $35.00 Suits at $12.50, $15.00. $4.00 quality $1.95 •
• $14.45. $7.50 tan Box .$5.00 quality »45 I
! | $40.00 and $45.00 Coats at $7.50 quality $3.45 %
o Suits at $20.00. $2.95. $10.00 qual. $4.95 8
o : : — '- ' J
8 Fur Capes and Collarettes; less than half 8
• of former prices. 8
!j : 123O-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. 8
ocQso»oeQoa®oo3ooQQocoeoQa®oQoooeooeaooeoo9oo
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
T HREB HUNDRED new pianos have
¦ come In almost at one time on ac-
count of raise in freight rates. We must
Vlacc them; that is why we will rent you
a piano for $2 up and allow the money
paid to apply on the purchase price or
Fell you a piano for $4 up. Price at
nearly one-half regular retail. Will last
only while stock lasts.
Over 200 pianos now on the floor to se-
lect fr-jm; all makes. Prices from $50 t«
izoo.
HEINE
Co., 235-237 Geary et., on Union Square.
Largest wholesale and retail dealers
and only manufacturers with warerooms
here. Over 7000 Helna Pianos in use
here, more than double the quantity of
any other make. Also agents for the fa-
mous old Gabler. Krell, Stegrer and 10
ADVEETISEMENTS.
. Week Commencing THIS AFTER-
NOON", January 31.
A Bounteous Bill
The Clever Comedy Trio,
MONROE, MACK and
LAWRENCE
In Their Side-Splitting Comedy Sketch.
* --'. "The Two Senators."
THE TWO SILVAS
European Equillbristlc Marvels.
STUART . BARNES
Who Slr.cs and Talks. -.7
ROBERTUSandWILFREDO
Rubber Ball Manipulators.
CORDUA and MAUD
Hand Balancers ea th« Double Wtr*.
DUFFY, SAWTELLE
and DUFFY
In Th«!r One Act Playlet, "Papa't "
Sweetheart."
HOLDEN and FLORENCE '
Presenting: Their Romantic Comedy Op- •
eretta, "Tho Fairy of Klllarney."
Orpheiim Motion Pictures
Showing the Latest Novelties.
Last Weak of the Blazlns; LUshU of
Lauxtter, .
Johnny THE RAYS Emma
In Thslr Original Success), "Casey th*
Fireman." .'
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday,
Thursday, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices^ — lOo, 23o and 60c.
B^i^MNonatinee To-Day
Jules Murry's Blgr Scento Production
| LOST RIVER
Splendid Cast. Novel and Startling: Effects
MMTINEe SMTURDMV
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES
WEBER AND FIELDS
And Their Entire Sew Tork Company, Ia-
eludlr.jr L1LL.IA JC RUSSEL.U. I>OUIS MAS.V,
PETER F. DAIL.EY, KOS3 AND FEXTON.
JOHN T. KELL.Y and WEBEIt AND
FIELDS.
2 Weeks — Only 2
BEGINNING MONDAY NIGHT. FEB. 8TH.
Prices, $2, $1.50, $1, 75c and 50c,
Seats Ready Next Wednesday at Box Olfica
Ti\/ni v°m*
TKB TALK OT THE TOWN I L'^f
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home
A Military Spectacular Comlo Opera by Staa-
Islaus Stange and Julian Edwards.
Martial Music! Picturesque Scenery! Nortsi-
ern Soldiers and Southern Sweethearts!
MATIXEB 8ATURDAT.
la Preparation— "TEE OTPST BASO2T. 1 *
Usual Popular Prices 23c, 60o aad T5o
Box Seats $1.09
ALCAZAR Tr&T.
General Manager*
THE ALCAZAR'S VERT GREATEST AR-
TISTIC ACHIEVEMENT.
I TO-NIGHT— MATINEE TO-DAT.
THE MASQUERADERS.
A GREAT EMOTIONAl. PLAT.
Eves., 25c to 00c. Mats. Sat. and Sun.. 13o to 30a
to-xobbow Evsmzra — speciai*
—First San Francisco Production—
A Rom ant lo Comedy By
Th* Author of "Mrs. Jack.** IT
COLONIAL GIRL
Aa Originally Played by Virginia Harntl aai
E. II. Sothern. •"!
CENTRALS
Belasco A Mayer Proprietor*
Market Street. Near Kighth...Pion« South S3S
MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-NIGHT IjAST TTMX
The Tremendous Buccess,
QUO VADIS. ;
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK. ¦
MATINEES SATURDAT AND 8UNDAT. .
The Most Popular of Moderg Dramas,
BAST LYNNE.
A Play Universally Loved. With a Heart Inter.
est Story that Stirs the Tender Emotions
and Touches the Fountain cf Tears.
All Central Favorites in the Cast.
DDirCC Evenings 10c to B*«.
fflltCJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 23«
Fourth and Last TVeek Beginning To-mormw..
Could run (or a year so great a hit has-
been made by
m.THE BEAUTY SHOP...
But for the new law standing room would be
at a premium.
Beyond doubt the best musical comedy ' '
presented upon any stage in "Frisco."
Our Remarkable "ALL-STAR" Cast.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Next sensation MONDAT, February 8,
"ROLY POLY"
An original musical comedy with every-
thing new. and first appearance of M1S3|
NELLIE LYNCH. Seats now on sal*.
EVERY "WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINE.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
INGLBSIDB TRACK
Commencing MON D*\ T, . Februa ry "l.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races start at 2 p. m. Sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of the city.
Train leaves Third and Townsend street* at
1:15 p. ra. a nj leaves th« track irame<lia.tHy
after the last race. No Kmoking in last I»o "
cars, which are reserved for; ladles and t!wlr
esccrts.
THOMAS H. W1T*LIAM3. PresMesjt. .
. PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4M®m WO&TH OF
iWmk FURN/TUAE
M 4&AND CARPETS
/^473ocosh
AND41^g £ WEEK
Furnish your home by these easy
payments
| FURNHURE-CARPETS
DRAPERIES
Everything complete
IRON BED — brass trimmings—
V malleable iron — genuine
... hair or wire mattress, i pair of
pillows— all this for
$2.50 Cash f^l^fH
Price $25.00.
EXTRA SPECIAL
T. BRILLIANT
FURAiiruRE eb.
338-342 Post Street
Paiar/- dont f ail to
laiUWV tee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
aUI * PARLOR, the
n ± PALM ROOM, the
lininfl LOUIS XV PAR-
U*A.~i~ DIES* WjRITINQ
notels | room.
AMUSEM3SNTS.
CALIFORNIA
0t TO-WIGHT Hq
AHO ALL THIS WEEK.
MR. EDWARD MORGAN
IN HALOJ- CAINE'S MASTERPIECE,
Thp
Etera^iCity
SPKCIAL. ' PRICES — $1 B0, $1 00, i
»7Bc, ¦¦¦ 60c." 25c.^;
Matinee' price* same: aa ; for evening;
performances. CURTAIN PROMPT-
* L.Y AT 8. .
' SPECZAX. MAT. WEDHTESDAT. -
Next Sunday— MURRAY, AND MACK. B
MISCEI.IJUITEOXyS AMTTSEarElgTS.
MISS MARV CARRltlC
-(Pupil of Huro Mansfeldt.) ' :
Will Be Heard in a .
, SECOND ' PIANd RECITAL
At STEINWAY.HALL.V
1/ . . 223 SUTTER ST..
THURSDAY EVE.; FeJv 4, '04. at 8:15 o'clock;
r Reserved .- Seats, ?1 f>0 and $1; {General Ad-
mission,' 75 cents. r ,
-. S«"at» on "sale 1 Ht- Shrrman &'_Clay'« and
Conkltn St Co.'s," 710 Market St. • '• . ." ¦ -'. . . jTHR SAN FRANCISCO • CALL SUNDAY ,>¦ TANUARY 31. 1004.
38
REAL ESTATE: CITY FOR SAl.R.
_U : RNIIAM"'& MARS?r7xX^
211 MONTGOMERY ST.
GILT-EDGED INVESTMENT.
ilCO.ttCD — Pays over 7 per c»nt net; lrv>»l
block; close to Eddy and Market sts.; 6-story
modern building; land alone fonn be worth
more than price asked.
$CO.0CO. RENT $110 A MONTH.
Downtown lnvtstmfnt; close to Van Ness
ave.; built only ." years and never been Idle;
large lot, 103xt37:d. .
CIIKAP BUY FOR WHOLESALE HOTTSE.
$50.0"0— On Howard st.. a:mo»t on New Mont-
gomery st.: larsre lot, 75xS0xttii\ to rear street;
2 frontages.
FOR FEW DAYS ONLY.
J2fi.000— O'Farrell St.. right downtown; ne^
building; paying about H per cent net.
PINE-ST. INVESTMENT.
$25.CO0 — »-story bulkltnu: 2» room*: rent $trtO;
.near new Fainnount Hotel.
MUST BE SOLD.
$7000. PATS $•!« A MONTH.
Reduced price; only 77 feet from Third st. ;
on wide street.
HERE'S A SNAP.
$12.5W) — Rent *l-» 5O a month: .1 flats la
front: 4 on rear street; 1 block from \an Ness
avenue.
SIX FLATS-ALWAYS RENTED.
$14 OtX>— Rented low at $11« a month: not
far from Golden Gate Park; Kiv-foot frontages.
FJLLMORE-STTlifSINESS LOT.
$13 J.0O — Reduced for immediate sale.; «:u
82:tol00; at transfer pcint.
$12.300— Rent $1^5; 3 elegant modern flats;
on Raker st.-. building cost the money.
CHANCE TO DOIBLE YOUR MONEY.
$15CO— Rent £"-!: Tehama st.. near 3d; backs
up to 50-foot lot on Howapl st.
JACKSON. XEAR FRONT.
$7500— Rent $25 a month: close to water
front; has fine future; must sell.
$3100— Rent $2S; 2 flats and rear on Harriet
'r TUTS IS A BAROAIX.
$2500— Rent $25 a month: i=t«Uner and Green-
wich *ts.: 2 fine flats: all in good order; terms
to suit: same as rent.
DOUBLE YOITR MONET.
81000—Only i block from Market St.: 13 min-
utes from Market and Kearn» at».
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery *t.
ONLY $450— Southwest corner "n Douglass and
28th sts.; $10 down. $2 50 monthly.
Two-Lots on J st.. 47th «^«££E___»:
$950— 3-room house, barn and 5 lots l- 5 * 1^?,;
corner: all fenced: Alvln tract: *™°*>*n.*lO
monthly; '
117 Sutter st.
OWN your own home and get value for It.
Go out to-day and look at the
New modern 5 and « room cottages on
Hoffman ave.. near 2.Td st.
Marine view; good neighborhood:
Close to car and new schoolhouae.
JACOB HEYMAN COMPANY.
117 Sutter st.
J550-LOTS 23x120.
• On 2.1d ave.. near C St.,
Close to Golden Gate Park. -
$5 monthly installments.
JACOB I1EYMAN COMPANY.
117 Sutter st.
$150— ARLINGTON and Mateo sta.
$5 monthly installment.
$350 to $430— Corbett ave. : $5 monthly.
JACOB HEYMAN COMPANY.
117 Sutter st.
' ASTOR got rich by buying outside lands.
Make a start for the new year and let your
children get rich also by buying a Gol.len Gate
Park lot, near boulevard, for $150; $3 down. $1
i monthly. H _ yMAN COMPAN . Y(
117 Sutter St.
$250 — LOTS on 28th nt.. near Diamond: no in-
terest nor taxes; $5 down. $1 monthly.
JACOB HEYMAX COMPANY.
117 Butter st.
W t GUNN
% \ R30 CALIFORNIA STREET.
(Savings Union Building.)
S1,SOO — Union, sunny side of street, near
Brodertck; 25x100; flne marine- view;
ready for buildlns: easy payments: $25
a month; first payment $25; very cheap
lot; well located: car* pass.
$2,100 — Fllbert-st. corner; cars; on Union; 25
¦ xlOO; very cheap; the opposite corner
just sold for $2450.
$0,500 — Larkin St.: 2 flats; 7 rooma each.
$3,500 — Broderick-st. corner; 2 flats: new.
$1<KK) — Two lots, east side of 11th ave.. 15O ft.
north of Clement: 5Oxl2O.
$jj,0OO— Webster-st. corner; 100x110.
jlOO— Lot. 25x120; ready for building; really
worth double the price.
$50,000 — Pacific Heights: 2 grand corners: 275x
137:6; panoramic marine vi»w; the
choicest lots for view in the eity.
$200 front foot — Pacific Heights: a magnifi-
cent lot. 68x113; grand marina view;
cheap.
$4,000— Point Lobos ccrner; 43x100; 2-story
building; very cheap.
$0.000— Baker St.. NW corner. 137:8x137:6;
flne buy for a builder.
* $3,750 — Clement -St. sunny side; a flne piece to
improve with stores and flats for In-
come; 78x115: very cheap; best part of
the street.
w. j. gu?;n.
• 830 CALIFORNIA ST.
LOTS, X or S slda of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 63O California, st.
CHEAP lots. Twenty-second and Douglas sts..
: 22x125; $50 down, balance same as rent: near
i new schoolhouse. EASTON & ELDRIDGE.
BARGAIN: new, modern flrfts, south of Golden
Gate Park. Apply at SOL GETZ'S, Nlntli
ave. and H st.
TWO-STORY house, 6 rooms and bath; 2 car
lines: grand marine view; near Cliff House
410 Forty-fifth ave.
$17.000— BUSINESS property, stores and flats.
32 rooms; must sell. Apply 353 Fifth st.
FOR sale — Handsomely turn., sunny cor., mod-
ern 0-r. flat. Call Monday. 926 Van Nes* ave.
FOR SALE CHEAP. "
Neat cottage, with all modern Improve-
ments: terms same as rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard. SE. corner Alabama and Mont-
. calm sts.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: w« loss
full cost Impror. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 c»nts — The Weekly Cafl"
18 pages, m wrapper *or mailing. $1 per year.
UK Ali ESTATE — Country- — For Sale.
CHATFIELD & VINZENT.
$15 per aere^ — 3000 or more acres adjoining
Sacramento River lands; 60 miles from city;
choice for alfalfa, grain and stock; great bar-
gain. H
$11,750— 320 acres choice grain land, Coluva
County; 15 acres orchard: gcod house, bar a
and all fenced; terms rasy.
$20,000—310 acres land. 8 miles from Napa
City, on main county road: 5«> acres cholca
vineyard; flne wine-cellar; good house; barn;
100 seres now in grain and Wa., ; half cash,
balance to suit.
$7000—230 acres land, Sli miles from St.
Helena, Napa County; house. 7 rooms; flne
barn; wine cellar: 7O seres choice creek bot-
tom, will grow alfalfa, enrn. etc.; plenty water-
orchard and vineyard; half cash.
$1500 — 20 acres near Corning; 5 acres olives;
a'.l level good land.
$3000^ — JO acres. 4\i miles from eounty seat:
15 acres full bearing orchard: small vineyard;
house. 6 rooms, barn, outbuildings; all fenced;
plenty water and wood..
$2300^ — I3*i acres, 1 mile from railroad. 28
miles from San Francisco; house, barn: nice
little home.
$420OA-82 acres, all No. 1 land, Solano Coun-
ty; house, barn, chicken house; plenty water;
nice little home.
CHATFIELD * VINZENT.
22S Montgomery st.. S. F.
FOH sale or. exchange for good eity inrom*
bearing property. 12S acres, near Santa Cruz:
5-room modern ccttage: hot and cold water:
ail well furnished; 40 acres vineyard: 20
acres grain; SCO apple trees: 300 cherries;
200 prunes; also pear trees; wine tanks hoi i-
ing 8C0O gallons; all cooperage; lar?» barn:
packing-houses: blacksmith shop equipp.-.l
with tools; 2-room house for hired mm;
also quarters for other help: 7 more acr.s
ready for setting more grapes: several cord*
wood cut; dryers; incubators: 2 horses: wag-
ons; carriage; 2 pigs; 0 sheep: Jersey cow;
40 chickens; farming Implements: plenty
all kinds packing boxes; flowers of all kinds-
fnurtsin with goldnsh; balance of land in
timber; running creek passes house; writ ¦.-.•
p!ped all over place; In case of irade will
pay difference ¦ In cash; price $12.0»ni; an
itleal home. CAMERON & CO.. Eddy st.
ATTENTION— We have been authorised to rei;
an a^parszus ranch on Bay Farm Island,
consisting or 2O acres. This produces lh^
nnest , asparagus in the world: good hou.< .
bam, etc.; plenty of water. : Th? surrounu-
ing acreage is held at $1000 per*acre. We
can sell ihesre 2O acres for ll^.COO. See
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
1422 Park st.. Alamed*. -Cal.
TO close estate — Country place in center o;
Montecito Valley. Santa Barbara: nearly 1-
acres; well located: gixx] 8-room house, sta-
ble. 2 good wells. 'fruit and shade: furnishe'l
or unfurnished; at less than cost. Addreu
box 34, Montecito. Cal.
JOETI ». SPBEC_:ELS._JProiJrlttor^_
"^^^^Tuj^MADGHTjaKOT |
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Atk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Ycu With tfce Department Wl*n-
I«ub:icat»cn Ofnce Market and Third S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered ty C*rr!crs. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Ct» Per Month. Single Copies 5 Le J° t *^. 1 ..
Terms by Maii. Including Postage tCasb « Kft
Order):
DA3LT CALL (Jr.clud. Sunday). 1 r'»r..*5.«K>
DAILY CAL!. <inclod .Sunday). 6 »«¦• ?;•*»
PAILY CALXr— By Ptngle Month ¦*** 1
SUNDAY CALL 1 Yrar - ••*• j
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Ytar i"V- .". '
„.,„.,„,. OaSly..$S.R0 Pt Year Extra
rCKMGN J i ' "i. . * . 13 1Vr Year Extra
POSTAGE. ifj»££; ,*;^ jg Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AtJTHORIZEB
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. 7^
farorir Cop:ei will b« forwarded wnen re-
quested. - ; ,i f:
Met! »xb5fribers >n ordering change of *a-
dre»s iho-j;<l be particular to give botn rv_>v
AND OLL» ADI>KESS In orctr to Inrure a I
prompt «n<J ccrrect compliance with tnetr re-
ti-tt:. 1
OAKLAND OFFICE. !
:iI8 Broadway Telephone Main 10SS |
BERKELEY OFFICE.
O<8 Ceeter Street Telephone North «T
WAFHINGTON COKRESPONDENT.
SJOHTOX E. CIIANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NETFS STANDS:
Waieorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Bretano. II
felon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; FUth-ave-
true Hotel and UofTman House.
CHICAGO NETVS STANDS:
Fhemian House; P O. New» Co.: Great
Kcrtttrn Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Pelmer Bouse.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GKOROE KltOGNESS.-Marquetts Bulld!_f
<Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2«1». # )
NETV TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN D. SMITH 30 Tribune Dulldinr
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
¦C. C. CARLTON Herald S<juar«
Bt'tlNESS OFFICE of the San Francisco j
CslI corner Market and Third street*; opeB
vstil J2 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
3CTS Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
II p. m.
trr Montgomery street corner Clay; open — o-
tfl 9:30 p. tn. '
TOO Hayes street; cpen until 3:30 p. m.
?39 McA!!:«er street; open until'0:30 p. ta.
HS Lsrkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
5W1 Mission ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
S2«l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. m.
10C Eleventh street: open until 9 p. ra.
1096 Valencia rtreet: open untll-9 p. — 1 .
Ncrtbeast comer Church and Duncan streets;
oprn until 9 p. tn.
Ncrthwrst corner of Twenty-second and Ken- I
tuck rtr<»et*; cr-'n until 9 p. m.
T2O0 ni!mm» rtreet: open -until t p. tn.
BEAt KSTATE CITY FOR SALE.
oaxco. oixz eTco.,
C34 MAIIKET ST.
- Telfphcne Main B38V. ,
fJh.tSO— 7S ft. on Folsom rt.; heart of manu-
fx turirr district: his progre** in this
lorality r.t present.
f IV««H>— Page, near Oclavia: through to rear
et.; 2 flat*, w rooms and baths: rents
*«C> a month: plenty room to build; lot
.**:tixl20 fwt.
i '•.¦'.»¦ — (Jeary and Jones fts.; bert downtown
location for small apartment*.
$15,000— Store and hotel, 20 rooms: rent? $1236
a year; .Broadway, near Kearny; 23x
137 :«.
$:<',<**» — Ge»ry. near flough: 2 Bwell flats. 6-7
roomx an<J bsvtta; rents fSTO a year;
¦ larce lot. 27:6x137:4 feet.
f(i,(KK» — Rents $<j<to a year; 4 flatc. 4 rooms
each; funny Flfle; Clara, near 4th; 25x
80 feet. .
?r.. 2(io— Rents f<i"0 a year: 3 bay-window
flats, r,-6 rooms, bath, patent toilets,
etc.: near 4th St.* lot 25xD0 feet; per-
manent investment."
j.'».o<k> — Rent? $.'?<• a jcfT; etore, flat, 7
room* and bath above; cheapest busi-
n»*5 property on Castro ft. ; close to
• Ihth: fine lance lot.
J4.O0O-- S rtats. 4 r<x>re* and bath each: no
better Uur in the Western Addition:
nosir Geary sind Ijevitadpro; rents $372
a year. " .
$3,500-1 lent* $42" a year; Clementina, near
»d: 3 flats. 3-»5 rtKim* each; ccrner lot".
12,609— Near 0Mxy and Fillmore t : ts. : house.
i» roo— js anit tiaihs; c<kx3 condition; a
his bargain for <i Ht.tle money.
FXSOO — blaSMtut, near lstb.ft.;' swell house,
6 roon-.s, bath, conservator}', etc.; iT.x
HK> (ce-t: cement walk: street -work done.
i2.4i.nt— FSay-window cottace, 4 rooms and
hath: nice condition; on Colllngwood.
near l£th.
?7(f'— Cbeap building lot; Xoe, near l!»th;
water and'pas connections: 2Sx1<tj fevt
fTrxi— :3d" M.; cheap: 25:11x114 feet.
SPECIAL. ¦
SEE THE^E KCAP8 TO-DAY.
ST>.850-<>4 rtaunrh st.. nrar Howard; store
an.l 2 fla»-.«. «-7 rooms; rents $612 a
year; lot'^.'ifei> feel.
$4..VJO— 374U-3742 _2i*. near Noe; 2 swell
flatf. 4-.". r"om* and bath; rents $iUS a
year: _ix!14 fi<-t.
.V..7T-"— XOS-tie Eureka St., near 18th: 2 mod-
ern flats. «j pjoms and baths each;
Mrictlj tlie sr.ell^st in th« Mission;
mi? *4S<; a year: lot 2.">xl25.
f3,0u^-10 Ford Ft., near I7th and Noe st*.:
modern bay-windew ci.ttage, 5 rooms
• n<l feet.
GANCO, GLNZ & CO..
__3 634 MARKET ST.
fENTEIl & SPADER.
11 Montgomery et.. Lick House block.
$2S,O0O — Grand northwest corner on Twenty-
*«-ond st.; Improved with six modern
•lath bd.I cottose; renting for $175 per
month; choke lot. 7SxR3.
fl««,5C«» — Hu?h rt.. ir.-i.l. Van Ne*>« ave.- rents
180; lot SSklSth two frontages.
111,500— 6aap; rnnts *12<«>; threo modern flats,
5-t»-<J rooms; northeast corner on \V>b-
-ter Ft.; choice location: inv^tigate.
f2<*.W«' — Pine M., Inside Jonei»: choice inve<st-
•netit: new up-tn*date flats; rents $1W>
per n-onth; lot 2.'ix75.
Silt. 000 — Page-street corner: new improvements;
• em» $llt>. lot 27 ft. frontage.
JS.700— Folsom-st. investment; 3 new bay-win-
dow flata. 5 rooms and bath in each-
rents S7UT»: paying over x per cent net.
$14. W — Rents $IC5; S new up-to-date fl a t« ' on
Ptanyan st_. facing G. G. Park; lot 25x
lOu.
fr..orKV-Wrj' cheap: sixth St.; good improve-
tments; lot _"»xSo.
$3,500— Des'rable *unny cottage. 7 rooms, bath
and basement, bltuminlzcd street; close
to Duboce Park; chance to get a flne
I home lor very little money.
$3.75U — Bnap; rente $38 per month; 3 flats on
t Treat ave., nr. Twentieth St.; lot 25
}•..">¦><¦' — Make offer for that modern home st
m«;!>— Twer.ty-third St., near Noe; choice
lot £0x114: must be sold to close an
••state.
$7,250 — Four modern flats on Dolores nt., nr.
Sc\enteenth; rented lov/ for $53; can
he increased; lot Mxl23; very cheap.
Cheapest ana Host Desirable Lots in Mlesion
Uuerrcro Ft., bet. 2:id and 24th stu.
' Six* rt lots 25x100 each: street bltumlnized.
Th'.s is the only desirable building front-
»*e left en Guerrero st. ; vm tlw-sn lote:
th*y *r* cheap. CENTER & SPADER, 11
.v.<';:tf :i.- ry st.
D*r4raMe Funny Jjote. Suitable for
Flat* or Residences. Strict Work All Done.
Po— nt »t.. bet. 2Cth and 21st ets. * J
York «t.. l»et. 20tb and Ulst stf.
Pr«ce* 91200 to t25t*: term*, one-third
canh. balance to suit purchaser. CENTER
ft SPADER, 11 Montgomery st.
—-—
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK _OT3.
$500 TO $1200: VERY EAST TERMS.
Wry do so maajr buy our Oceassld* lots?
Hecause no others there compare with them. :
They have unobstructed ocean and park view.
They ere on "Official Grade"; ready for
butldlnc.
Every lot is e bargain. See them to-day.
Get eff cars cor. 47th ave. and H st.
SCO to $250; near :>ark and ocean; $5 monthly.
••Oce&nslde" branch offlce, cor. 49th ave. and
K tt. Own Sundays and holidays.
' $500 to S10C0 — Unexcelled Sunset district lots -
graded and eewered; $10 monthly.
Euntet bianch office on Otb ave.. near H »™
$150 TO $S50; DON'T MISS THIS
New lots in the Excelsior Homestead.
Perfectly i»vel; choicest location of all.
Near M:etion-st. cars. $5 monthly.
$1200 to $3.*iOO; modern cottares and housei
!:• )?ur;*et. Richmond, Oceanside and Excel-
¦ior Honmteid.
ALL UARGAINS; EAST TERMS.
6OL. GKTZ & SON. Owners and Eeaiers.
Room OJ. 4th floor. Chronicle bldg.
FOR sale— Very cheap: 1006 Castro at.; 5-
room cottage: modern Improvement*- big
ba«iement; flower gardens etc Apply 21
Nlcth et.. room 19. or 1WM Castro it.
riE.VI. KSTAT13 CITY KOR SALg.
G. H. UMBSEN &iCO.. " ,
* 20 Montgomery «t
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneer*.
$27,500— Rents .$IW per mu.: a choice corner
on Fulton et.; i-pler.d'd Improvements
consist of store end 0 Hats, all in per-
f<ct order end steadily rented; &0xi3.
$25. OCO— Rents $25«O per annum ; Cth-st. busJ-
ners property; 2 frontages; store and
lodging-house.
$20,000— Van Ness ave.: 30x100; house of 20
rooms.
$1C.COO— Valencia rt.. near l«h; Improvements
nominal value: a mlendid lot to im-
prove; CO-fcot front; a bargain.
,?I.-!,(»O — Pacific Heights mansion, 12 rooms and
bath and basement, etc: gwrnd marine
vtew.
$12.000— Price reduced; rents $12S* per annum; j
• fi flats and large lot. 55 ft. front on
Grove st.. mar tbe City Hall.
$10.0CO— Nice holding to improve; double front-
age; large lot: old improvements; rent
tiuniin.il; i" a lie offer.
$10,fO0 — Items $1200- oer annum, less only th?
taxes and Insurance; nesr Kearny and"
Burh Rt*.: brick building; a bargain.
?:>,«*>— Rents $y0O per annum; 3 flats and lot
25xS7:ii: Buchanan st; mortgage of i
• $5000 at C mer cent can remain: this is
a bargain.
$*.75O — Rtnts SS7O per annum: psrk panhan-
dle: 2 *\\ce new fl»t» of ti rooms and
bath each; 25x103:3.
$i;,r.OO— Rents $540 per annum: near Duboee
Park; '1 flats. C-5 rooms and bath each;
brick foundation, etc.; large lot, 25x150.
$0,250 — California »t: cozy home; cottage of
7 rooms and bath: brick foundation,
etc.; 25x100.
*f!.rn.i — MUsicn-st. brslnrBs corner: lot 25x90.
$5,r>OU — Very cozy park panhandle home; cot- |
tape of 6 rooms and bath: bay-windows, i
brick foundation, etc.; 25x125. ¦
$5,230— uenti $4'jS per annum; 2 flats and lot
25x127 iS'i; Sacramento st. I
$4,500— Rents ?510 v?r annum; near 7th acd ,
Hov.ard sts.; stor* and 2 flats: 25x75.
$4.500 — Rents S4S<> per annum; Mission warm
belt; 2 flat* of 5 rooms» and bath each;
brick foundation, etc.; 2GxUK>.
$4.500— Nice little home on Pine et.; 3-«tory
house of <5 rooms and bath and lot; gar-
den, etc. I
$4,25(i— Mission warm belt; cllts location: 2- !
story and basement housi of 8 rooms |
and batb; bay-windows, brick founda- [
tlon. etc.: 23x114. j
$4.10fV— Rents ?4*0 per annum; 24th rt.: 2 '
!%¦.'--.; new bay-window flats of 5-4 rooms and j
bath each; concrete foundation, etc.; 25
xlOO. x !
$4 ( 00<..— Hents $420 per annum: Castro-st.
business property; store and flat.
$1,750— Rtnts $204 per annum; near Pacific
•end Taylor Ft*. : double frontage; 2
houses of 5 rooms each.
For further particulars of the above and for
the "Real Estate Record," containing a list
of iTGt«rt!c« fcr . c ale in all parts of the city,
inquire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery »t.
Res.1 Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots', close to Du-
boee Park: bituminous streets; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain
a holding admirably situated and close to
the city at a very reascnble price; diagram,
price and all further particulars at our offlce.
G. H. UMBSEX & CO..
2O Montgomery et.
Real Estate Agtnt» and Auctioneers.
MADISOX & BURKE
REAL, ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED . .JANUARY. 185S.
30 Montgomery St Opposite Lick House. .
$19,000 — Devisadero St.: store and flats; lot
30x82:0; new building; rent $150.
$34,000 — Fine business corner on Devisadero
St.; rent $2400 per annum and tenants
make ail repairs and pc£ water extra;
lot 50x100 feet.
! $."50,000 — Inside business property; on Third st. ;
rent $2280 per annum.
SPI-ENDID INCOME PROPERTY.
$15,500 — Small flats; always rented: now pay-
ing over 1 per cent net per month; one-
half block of new F^lrmmint Hotel, near
Sacramento and Mason ets.; buildings in
Cne condition.
$12,000 — Post St.: two large well-constructed
houses; very large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$0,000 — 6 flats and 6tore below; near tith and
Brannan sts.; rent $88 per month; new
building.
$5,75<i — Natoma-Et. investment: good improve-
ments and with small outlay income can
be doubled; lot 25x75.
i
FINE LOCATION FQR PHYSICIAN.
$11.UOO— Sutter st. near a transfer corner; 10-
room residence, in flne condition; large
lot, 27:6x137:6 feet.
! • LOTS
I $1»,000— «4 RO-vara. «8:9xl37:C: Broadway,
• near Fillmore et. ; grand marine view.
I $4,200 — StPiijer st.. near O'Farrell; 25x109:9.
$2.500 — Lot* -on Larkin st. n*ar Broadway;
$100 per foot.
Lots 27:«xl37:6 on Sutter St.. bet. Steiner and
Pierce.
I Building lots; NE corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker Ft.; in sizes to suit; prices
from $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:fixl37:6. on south line of
Geary St.. near Fillmore.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery St.. Opp. Lick House.
OSCAR HEYMAN, ,'V;
REAL ESTATE, :
HOMES AND LOTS
ALL ON EAHY TERMS. f
$1ST>O — 4 rooms and bath on two level lots.
?2noo— 7-room cottage. 3 lots, stable and
chicken-houses, % block from car line.
$21fx^— 4 rooms and bath; 351 Day st; drive-
way under basement.
¦ »*.! ,\ !\"ft rfl'JO Rl. i EOlQ.
325 Alvarado ft. Ftill for sale; look t.t It to-
J day: 6 rooms and bath; new and modern;
j price ?3500; take Castro-*t cars.
r . - _____
Only cne left of the new homes on Day st;
It's 4 rooms end bath: your rent money will
buy it: take yellow Mission-st. car to 23th and
Noe, walk block to Day st
Ashbury-street lot*, $SO»J each; only two left
for sale.
Richmond lots from $600 to $1000; all ready
$150 lots near the Ocean Beach, commanding
crand view of the ocean. t
.. ; \
?800 for ten lots near Mission st. and cars;
level and can be built on.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 POST ST.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & <5o7
Room 2, Seventh Floor, Mills Blijg.
$2«,000 — Large attractive ¦ residence In the
Western Addition; 40-foot lot by lull
depth; very. sunny: flne neighborhood.
$15,000 — North side of Clay st, near Maple;
modern residence. 10 rooms; very at-
tractive; substantial and well-finished;
colonial architecture.
$15,0C0— Modern, up-to-date. In Western Ad-
dition; 3 flats; renting for $1250 per an-
num. . .
$4,000 — First ave.. between Golden Gate ave.
and Turk St.; bouse Jurt finished; up-
to-date: not occupied; a large rooms;
toilet, bathroom, «tc.
$C,500 each— Two new buildings; 2 flats each, j
7 and 7 rooms; all rented $30 each; theae
are Just finished and up-to-date In every
particular. -
$9,500 — Two new up-to-date flats on the cor-
ner of Second av>. and C st; one of 10
rooms and one of 7 rooms; rents $000
per annum.
Will erect on Market st. a large first-class
building to suit a desirable tenant; lot 75x105,
with rear fronting on a street. ¦
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..-
• Mills Building.
SNAP up without an hour's delay one of the
fine probate bargains I advertise In to-day's
Examiner.
OTHER FINE . PROPERTIES. -
$18.600— NE. 'corner Vallejo and Devisadero;
cne of the finest unobstructlble . man le
views in San Francisco; . lot C2xlO5;
will subdivide. .
$5,200— One of the most beautiful lots south
of the Park Panhandle; south line Fred-
erick, looking down Shrader;' let 50x
137:0; graded; gas, water and tide i
sewer in; will subdivide: very flne buy i
$3.OO0— Grove, inside Buchanan: 50-foot front-
age;, old improvements bring. $25; the
*napple?t map on the market
(1,050— Fourteenth, near Noe; lot 2oxll5; slie
piping in; $1000 may remain; cheap*- 1
buy in the neighborhood.
JAMES G. JONES. 2« Montgomery st.
NEW FLATS.
$S75O brings $870 per year and rented , very
cheap; could be increased; all large sunny
rooms and swell neighborhood; It will pay you
to investigate this before you buy. See.ownerj
on premises to-day. 1373 Masonic ave., bet."
Waller and Frederick sts.
! 3 NICE lots on Cth ave and 2 lots on Sth ave.;
I north or park, near B st; must be sold. Ap-
i ply J. BURGOYNE, 2110 Point Lobos ave.
REAL. KSTATE: CITY FOR SALE. I
IJALDWIN & HOWELL. AGENTS,
25 POST ST.
$U,25O— Rents $92 50 per month; new building,
containing 4 llats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath each;- lot 35x00; $0000 mortgage
. at 0 per cent can remain; Guerrero St.
$4,000 — Rents $42 per. month; 4 separate flats
i of 4 rooms each; close to Third st and
Southern Paclflic depot; lot has double
frontage.
. $4,300— Downtown building lot: size 30x60 to
rear street; vicinity of California and
Stockton sts.; owner will exchange for
other city property.
$24,000— Large corner on Third st, a few min-
utes' walk from Market et; present
rents, with old Improvements, $117 50
per month; splendid buy.
$0,500— Washington St., near Kearny; business
property; 2-story brick building, store
and rooms above; rents §«7 50 per
month.
$12,000— Oak st, near entrance to Goiden Gate ;
Park; lot 25x137 :«; new building ot 3
separate flats of «, 7 and 7 rooms and
bath each; rents $105 per month. .
$5,5C0 — 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
WebKter st, near Washington; excellent
location. '
! $7,500— Powell st; lot 40x70; rents $75 per
month; frame building: separate flats.
$!>¦>,! MW — Rents $10S fiO per month; large lot,
4Sxirt7:0; -brick and. frame building-;
stores and rooms above; under lease;
vicinity of Kearny and Pacific sts.
I $11,750— Rents $32 per month; tot 25x100 to
< . rear street; Folsom st, near Sixth; busi-
ness property.
CHEAPEST AND CHOICEST HOME....
' BUILDING IX3TS
On official grades In Sunset District
! SEWERED AND MACADAMIZED
i Between H and I streets
i In blocks fronting Golden Gate Park.....
ELECTRIC CARS PASS THESE PROPERTIES
I Sold on your own terms and
: .: Monthly Installments*
i' Price ?S25 and upward
1 See these building sites and Judge for yourself.
; BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.....
..Branch Office, corner H st. and 7th ave..
Open every day. including Sundays
j | LIBRARY SITK. I • I
! POLK STREET. • .
30 30 30 30
S 4 ! 8 2 1 g
I
r jj T2o~- — g
§1 ; I
k ! 5 '
gj| I S3
¦ !r? 8
ta
to
2 0
j — . L . —^
STRATHMORE
APARTMENTS.
: V' : AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 11, 1904.
At 12 O'clock Noon at Our Offlce,
25 POST.
By Order of MRS ALVINZA HAYWARD,
10— BUILDING — 10
As Per Diagram.
FRONTING ON POLK ST.,
FULTON ST. AND
ASH AVE.
DOUBLE FRONTAGES.
Two blocks from Market st. — 200 feet from
City Hall.
These desirable building sites aj-e suitable
for most any class of business or investment
buildlngi".
TERMS— 40 PER CENT CASH.
For Maps and Catalogues Apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
. 25 POST ST.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
COLONIAL FLATS.
New building; 2 flne new flats close to the
park; on main street; 5 and 0 rooms; beamed
"cUlnpn in dining-rooms and hall; splendidly
finished throughout; gas and electric lights,
marblt steps, etc.; price $7250. Two flats just
sold: go and look at these flats.
t-"v-/; SUNNY MODERN FLATS.
Oa Clay st., near Baker; U and 7 rooms, attic
and basement; rented for $77 50 per month;
lot 25x127; price $9000.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
New modern flats; tt rooms each; all rented
for $riC 50 monthly; price $5750.
2 new swell flats, 7 rooms each; eunny side
of strevt; rented for ?77 50; price $9350.
MISSION COTTAGE. ¦¦¦ ..* '•;
Five room* and bath; 2 lots. A0xl21: near
Eighteenth et. ; close to care; only $2500.
; MISSION. NR. 4TH, RUNNING BACK.
100 ft. <1<?ep to rear street; new modej-n
4-story and basement building; leased 10 yeara
for $350 per month; tenant pays all repairs;
price $7S,000.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
Fronting on new park from Golden Gate
Park to Presidio; 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x
127:6; nrice $3000.
Pretty building lot' on norf* ' *'!« of Lake
st, running , frtw<k to Mountr ..nke Park;
2U:6 feet front; price only $1.',. ...
BARGAIN.
5-room cottage, 'with bath; in good condition;
Holly Park Tract; reduced from $1400 to $1100
to make quick sale; must be sold in the next
few days; rented for $12 per month.
- LOOKING INTO THE. PARK.
On Frederick St., near Stanyan; lots 27:6x
137:6; toitumer* street work and sewer being
done at expense of owner. Thcee lots at tho
price are positively the cheapest in the city;
will go to $100 per foot in a few months; now
! offered at $1750; 6 fine modern buildings now
being erected on this property.
ON FIRST.
Near Howard: lots 23:0x137:6; improvements
rent for $63; rents should be raised; price
$10,COO. , .' :.-V ? :
Send for list of cheap lots in all parts of
th* city.
McAFEE BROTHERS. -
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
B. GETZ Room 22 Chronicle Bldg.
Owner and Dealer. •
New Lots. .:. New i«ts.
~t : ¦
4Sth ave., east line, facing the ocean.
Between K and L sts.
Graded and fenced; ready to build on.
On Easy Monthly Payments.
See them at once. Cholca and cheap.
JCO to $100— Ocean Heights- and Boulevard lots.
$300 to $500— Graded 19th-ave. Boulevard lots.,
$350 to $1000— Choice Sunset & Richmond lots.
$75 to $100^ — Level Ocean View lots; city water.
$150 up — New Excelsior Homebtead lots.
Tbe finest In the district: city water.
$1000 to $6000— Modern houses \ and ' cottages.
Splendid Bargains on Easy Terms.
Call at my office, room 22, second floor.
Chronicle Building. |
E. H. LANGE & CO., ., •
" . 26 Montgomery st. room 23.
$9,000— Ellis st, near Gough: lot 25x120, |
with two frontages; rent $45; would pay !
well if improved.
, ... ¦ _ . . I
$6,500 — Carl st, near Stanyan; two new flats, '
5-6 rooms: lot 25x187:0; rent $50; mort-'
gage JoOoo can remain. -
*10, 000— Carl et., near Stanyan; 3 new flats,
6-7-7 rooms; lot 25x137:6; rent $00.
$2,100— Stanyan st, between Frederick and
Carl;' choice building lots.
E. H. LANGE &. CO.. , :
[ 20 Montgomery st., room 23.
$1000 — CHEAPEST half block in,l -e city. 200x
240, in University Mound survey; - suitable '
for a nursery or chicken ranch; spring on
ground. -
$300— Lots 25x110: level and ready to build
on; In College Homestead, a few steps*
from MiFsion-st. cars. -
$2000 — Ten lots on ISHh-ave. boulevard- con-
necting. the Park with Ingleside..-. ;¦
$500 — Seven lots tn Market-st. extension, and
near 'Ocean boulevard. ¦ <- .
: P. J. KENNEDY, 11 Montgomery st. .
NOE-ST. cottage for $3250; between 17th "and
18th; lot 25x110; 6 rooms, bath, high base- -
ment; barn; owner must sell ; make offer. ' G.
A.- BERTON, 323 Montgomery, st. :-- ' . -
FOR sale — <>8 9-12x137 :0 on Pacific - st , under
lease; $85 per month ground rent . Inquire
CHAS. C. BEMIS, 206 Hay ward building. -.'
REAL. ESTATE— CITY— rFOIt SA1.B.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 MARKET ST.
$10,250— Rents $12 IS;' well built; modern Im-
provements; flats; always rented on Grove
st, near Laguna; lot 25x120 to rear street.
$5000— Only $5000; the cheapest lot on
Stevenson St.; close to tne new postofflce; sue
; 25x75.
$2500— Well-built two-story residence. 7
I rooms; on Bernard st., near Pacific and Jones.
$10,250— Modern well-built 3-story building,
containing stores and flats: on Folsom »t-.
I close to tfth; brick foundation: always rent-
ed; rents $t>72; lot 25x85..
?27C0 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath:
high basement; on Hampshire st, near 20th;
lot 25x100.
| - • * ..' — — — ' '-'¦- '-- '
i $2300 — Modern cottage, 4 rooms, bath, barn.
! high basement: on Noe St.; lot 30x175.
j $6500 — I good llats on Tehama st, near 4th;
rents 1720; lot 35xS0 ; ¦
! ?3?00— 3 weiybullt .flats and rear cottage;
i near l)th and JTolsom; rents $456; lot 25x00.
' JXDVflt9S8sS99QKscS^^ * * * JUUSy imtrtMtti *
| $12,000 — Three elegant pew modern flats fac-
I Ins the Park Pann&ndle: rents low S126O: lot
: 25x137:6.
\ $2850— Your own terms: a beautiful new cozy
i well-built, well-planned house, tt rooms and
1 bath; high basement: the best of plumbing.
j etc.; near Trfith and Mission sts. :"we also have
i a iV-room ami bath cottage for $22jO and a 4-
j room and bath cottage for $IS5O; remember,
j they are all new and up-to-date.
'• $13,500— House of 8 rooms and 3 flats on !
, Hayes st, near Buchanan; lot 26:3x120 to rear
street; rents $1176.
! $4100—37:6x137:6; on Bush st: If you buJld
, right you can make 15 per cent per annum on
this property.
$9000— 3-story and building of flats on Minna
St., near 4th;. lot 24:8xSO; rented low for $9S4.
S10.000 — 3 new modern flats, up-to-date in
all details, rai Clayton St., near Halght; rents
$112S; lot 25x97.
$10,000 — An elegant modern residence of 13
rooms and bath; on Guerrero st., near 20th;
the heart of the Mission warm belt; the lot
50x100 in alone worth the asking price.
$43,000 — (5:10x70 on Drumm St.. half a block
from Market s f .
$110.000^ — Magnificent corner on East St.; a
stone's throw from the ferry building; 84x149
with L to third frontage.
$50,000 — Handsome new apartment-house on
Mason at; SO rooms, 24 baths; just completed:
strictly up-to-date: pays $4920 per annum; un-
der a 10-year secured lease; lot 74:»xl37:6.
$10.000^ — Washington st., near East; 89:4x
115; this property is Improving wonderfully.
I30.C00— Lot 75x137:6; north side of Pine St.,
near Jones; elegant apartment-house site.
, " $20.500 — 6 modern up-to-date flats; artistical-
i ly planned and finished; well ttuilt; on a Ma-
sonic-ave. NW. corner*; grand lot, 36x113:9;
j only partially improved; present extremely
low rents pay $2040.
! CM. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market st
' LYON & HOAG. "
; .'• H6 MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for our printed list of property for sale
; In all sections of the city.
$5,250— Bargain: residence. 8 rooms and bath;
; ',- ¦:'«.• good condition; street bitumlnlzed; ex-
, cellent neighborhood; near Page st.
. BIG LOT OX PINE ST.
; $30.000— Submit an offer; Pine st.\ . east 'of
Leavenworth: lot 75x137:6. with sub-
stantial residence containing 17 rooms. 2
, baths; gocd location, for flats or apart-
; ment-house; wlH sell house with lot;
35 feet front.
O'FARRELL-ST. RESIDENCE. !
'- $5,000 — OTarrell St.. near Burchanan: lot 25x
90. with a good -2-story bouse of 8
, rooms and bath: rent $40: a good invest-
ment: land alone worth nearly the price
asked.
I $8,000— Near Eolsom and Ninth sts.: 4 brand
, new flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath;
everything modern; large lot, 35x85-
, rents ?76.
, $75.000^ — New apartment-house: leased for 5
years at ?45O per month; tenant pays all
repairs: 45OO square feet In lot; 4 blocks
. • from Market and Powell sts.; make
offer. .
. FINE WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
. ?16,50O— Three elegant new flats cf 7 rooms
and bath each; substantially built; fine-
, ly finished; rent *13O; best part of Mc-
Allister st. near Steiner. - v
J LARGE INTEREST-PAYING INVESTMENT.
I $27,000 — Inside of Van Ness ave.; rent $-120-
substantial building containing 30 apart-
ments; recently remodeled; plumbing
and everything in first-class shape- 00
feet frontage.
• . .»«^ COTTAGE ON EASY TERMS.
$-,MX> — A bargain: new cottage on Laguna
st.. near Union, containing 5 rooms and
bath: lot 20:8 front; ?550 cash, balance
I monthly.
1 fiwl:U^ EST | :RNT ADDITION RESIDENCE.
. 511,000— Grand residence; 1 block from Pan-
, handle; 14 rooms and- 2 baths, billiard-
, room, furnace, etc.; finished in selected
woods: make offer.
NEW RESIDENCE— EASY TERMS.
?8».>0 — English basement house, containing-
reception hall and den on basement floor; large
living room. hall, paneled dining-room and
kitchen on first floor, and 4 commodious sunny
bedrooms on second floor: large attic; well lo-
! cated on Fillmore st.: commands a charming
$5,850— Another up-to-date home; Moorish
style of architecture; close to the Park-
contains ft splendidly arranged rooms;
all the latest conveniences; paneled din-
ing-room, beamed ceiling, beautiful re^
ception hall, hot-air furnace:, a Ciarm-
lng home; artistic in every detail
LYON & HOAG.
1 . ' 116 Montgomery st.
SPECK & CO.. — — —__
: 667 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY.
i Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
i Full Charge Taken of Property.
.. !^~^ MUST BE SOLD.
$lt)0,000— Modern «S-story brick building; se-
cured' lease to one tenant. $1100 per
. month; bank mortgage $05,000 can re-
" main: by assuming mortgage, pays 17
per cpnt net; lot 68:9x137:6.
1 ,„„ ' IIO.OWJ CASH ONLY.
$35,000— Bank mortgage $25,000; 68:9x137:6
; feet; Eddy st. near Larkin; rents $215-
must be sold this week.
..,, PACIFIC- A VENUE RESIDENCE.
$1 1. 5C0— Cheapest buy on Pacific ave.: splen-
did residence; 15 rooms and 3 baths-
lot 31x128.
POLK-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY
$20,000— Stores and lodging-house; rents $15 -
OCO; lot 30 feet frontage; pays over 9
per cent; $10,000 bank mortgage can re-
main.
DOWNTOWN * INVESTMENT.
$16,500— O'FarreU st. east of Van Ness ave.:
pays 10 per cent by assuming S90U0
bank mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x
120; two frontages.
BIG INTEREST-PA YING FLATS.
$25,000— Corner: Western Addition; rents $230-
lot 37:0x85. , '
$22,500— One-half block from Market st.: rents
$171; flne improvements; lot 75x100- Im-
provements modern.
$19,000— Annual rents $2185; Golden Gate
Park: modern bay-window flats; lot 50
xl37:6; no better buy In Western Addi-
tion.
$16,000— Geary st: 3 new bay-window flats-
east ot Larkin St.; rents $125.
$10,000— Two beautiful Post-st. flats; close to
Gough at; 30 . feet frontage; always
rented; , yearly rents $000.
$8,250— McAIllster-st flats; rents $060 yearly;
$9,250— Rents $fkl 50; business property near
Sixth and Harrison streets; lot has two
frontages.
$6,500— Yearly rent* $f»24: Ritch st.; lot 42x
75; pays 14 per cent net. . .
$3,000*-Yearly rents $624; .2-story building
and stable for 6 horses* °u»aing
$4,600— Two 3utter-st flats; 5 and 6 rooms-
lot 25x137:6: a good buy. "rooms.
. SPECK, &\ CO., 607 Market st.
$4800— TWENTIETH st.; grocery, corner bar-
. room; fixtures and flne flat above; forced
sale; 28x100; great bargain.
$7S00 — Pine st. north side; elegant new flat-
large lot; rent $75; cheapest in market
$3300— Nr. Bryant and Sixth; flats and stable-
25x117:0; rent $33. oie '
Flats In Western Addition from $4000 to $50 -
.000. ' '
L. OESTERREICHER. 304 Montgomery st
BARGAINS— ;, ,
$3700 — House of eight rooms; modern: lot
25x114: sunny side Army at.,, between Dolores
and Cr-urch: rents for $30. • -. . r - ; , ¦
¦ $3500 — House of seven rooms; modern- lot
20x125; Fair Oaks st. between Twenty-fifth,
and Twenty-sixth: easy payments.
$2650 — Cottage five moms and bath; Junction
Preclta ave. and Army st; lot 25x100; easy
payments; rents for $18. J. F. PLUMBE
1402 Valencia «t. <-**>*.
CHEAP Income property; south of Market and
Chinatown; homes Richmond. 8unset and
.Mhwlon districts; -printed list city and coun-
try property; exchange.. W. J. WHITE, 20
Montgomery rt., room 5.
A — New, modern homes: bargain; easy terms; 6
' rooms, bath, basement; . yard; - 2 frontages;
just place for man with horse; in Mission:
4373 17th; 20 min. from Kearny; light, sun;
up to date. See owner. MOISE. 320 Sansome.
CALIFORNIA ; House Wrecking Co. pays th«
highest price for buildings and will wreck
. the largest building - completely within 10
' days. ¦ ' Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
• mta '' ot flc * * nd " yard -
DO res want a n!ca bathroom? Call on AHL-
-BACH tc MAYER.' Plumbers. 838 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE^ITr— FOB.J>ALE.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$8,000— Webster St., near Clay; fine residence.
9 rooms and bath;. large basement: now
renting for $50; key lot, 28:8^x100 ft;
• '.' will sell on easy print; full particulars
. at offlce. *,-'•¦>
$11,000— Post st., near Polk: flne residence, 10
rooms and bath; lot 27:6x120 ft. to rear ;
street; price has been reduced from $13,-
000.
$20,000— Broadway; a NE. corner; elegant un-
obstructed marine view; lot 50x137:6
ft; one of the few remaining corners in j
• ' this section. . -
$13,500— Page St., near Ashbury: 3 new flats, ¦
tV-T rooms and bath; rents $lu2 5O; lot
23x137:0 ft; -every modern improve-
ment; always rented; being sold to close
"an estate.
$37,500— Geary St., close to Taylor; 3-story
,. building. offices and lodging-house; j
rents S211 CO: lot 25x137:6 feet. i
$15.500 — Rents $141 6O a month; 3 new fiats, j
• 7-8-8 rooms and bath; Sacramento st., |
near FlUmore; lot 25:!>xl32:8% ft; new j
flats. ' .
113,000— Rents $112 50 a month; 3 new flats. |
7 rooms and bath each; beamed ceilings |
and beautifully finished ; Central ave., '
near Pa*e st. ; best block In Park dis- I
trict: Days 10 per cent. i
$5,250 — Natoma St., near Ninth; 4 'flats; rents j
* $50; this property is in excellent condi-
tion; all good, prompt-paying tenants;
i-; no repairs necessary; no danger of va-
cancies: a good, safe buy; lot 23x75 ft .j
$17,000 — Second-st corner, near Harrison; 7ox .
95 ft.; flne site for factory or ware-!
- house purposes. •
$7,000 — Pierce _st.,- near Golden Gate ave.; im- I
. provements are residence of 8 rooms and |
bath and 2 flne flats, 4 and 5 rooms and
bath; rents $35-$12-$14; total rents $71; :
lot 25xllu ft; a gilt-edged proposition.. .
$12,500— California St.. near Hyde; frame im-
provements; lot 60x110:6 ft.; handsome <
location to tmorove. j
$10,250 — Clay St., near Jones; 3 modern flats, ,
5-6-8 rooms and bath; rents ?105O per
annum; always rented.
$10,000— Vallejo st., near Leavenworth; 3 mod-
ern flats one year old; 0 rooms and bath
each; lot 27:6x127:6 ft; rents for $«0
monthly. . »
$10.000— Reduced from $12,500; Clay st, near
Buchanan: beautiful 10-room resl-
. dence; every mojdern Improvement: half
block from public square; lot 25x100 ft;
is being sold at tho above figure to ef-
fect an Immediate sale.
$8,750— Income ?900 gross per annum; 2 new
modern flats, - on sunny side of Sacra-
mento st.; will pay 8 per cent net: lots
25x100 ft. r
$7.000 — Broadway, this side of Van Ness ave.:
2 modern flats of 6-5 rooms and bath;
rents ?53; pick-up.
$5,250— Moss st, between Sixth and Se\enth,
near Folsom; 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; rents J40: lot 2ix8o ft
Get a copy of our printed list of pr«"«rties
for sale. , ,
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
• ' . 218-220 Montgomery st.
F. P. SURRYHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$4750 — Close to Mission and I2th sts.; 2 nice
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$42 SO per month.
$4050— Close to Valencia and 13th; 2 nice
flatp of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; rents $40.
$5250— Reduced to this price to make an im.
mediate sale: Howard -st; near 21st; 2-story
and basement dwelling of 10 rooms and bath:
lot 27:6x122:6; $3000 can remain on mortgage
it desired.'
$1250 — A nice turn can be made on this lot;
northeast corner on C st, inside of 24th ave.;
liOxlOO; small amount cash, balance- in month-
ly payments.
f£500— Reduced from $10,000; corner Sutter
and Webster sts. ; frame dwelling of 7 rooms
and bath; lot 27:6x03; Al business location.
.$25,000 — Comer; best part of Western Ad-
dition: handsome new Improvements, produc-
ing $225 per month; large lot; a gilt-edge prop-
osition.
$30,000— Another corner; overlooking a public
square; handsome modern Improvements, pro-
ducinr $270 per month.
_ $6500— Close to Polk and Vallejo: 2 houses,
i rooms and bath each; rents $60; large lot.
$7600 — Will submit any offer within reason;
Clay st.,» near Leavenworth; 2-story bay-win-
dow residence, » rooms and bath; lot 27:6x114;
mortgage of $4000 can remain.
$10,000— Sacramento st., nr. Fillmore ;.8^good
substantial flats, 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$85: lot 25xl2S.
$5000— Filbert st, nr. Broderlck; 2 modern
flats. 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$47 50; unobstructed marine view; lot 25xlO«;
a choice small investment
$6000— GWden Gate ave.; 3 flats; rents $55;
lot 25x137:6.
$17,500— Elegant corner residence on Broad-
way; fashionable part; 10 rooms and bath;
furnace, etc. ; unobstructed marine view.
$45,000 — The. 1 handsomest - residence In the
neighborhood of the park; corner; 20 rooms;
stable; large lot; beautiful surroundings; house
cost more than the above amount to build and
when building conditions were much lower
than they are at present.
To those .intending buying a building lot for
immediate use or speculation, particular at-
tention is called to the lots which I an offer-
ing for sale situated on Buena Vista ave.,
Devisadero and Waller sts. These lots are
beautifully sheltered, are In a neighborhood
that' Is being Improved with the finest kind
of buildings and will no" doubt be worth con-
siderably more money in two or three years
than they are at present and are therefore an
Al buy. Get further particulars at my offlce.
Also my catalogue for February.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY
410 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
CAL. TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST
CO. REQUIRES an up-to-date title plant for
their own protection and maintain a constant
watc-h over e.vtry transaction affecting the
title to real estate. No money is spared \o
procure accuracy. . .
IF APPOINTED YOUR EXECUTOR THE
CAL. TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST CO.
will draw your will and keep it safely In its
vault free of charge. An individual may" be
called away, die or become incapacitated; a
Trut>t Company is an enduring and ever pres-
ent corporation., . , .
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate rec-
ords, constructed especially for Insuring real
estate titles' like modern plants of New
York. Boston. Chicago and Eastern cities;
reasonable rates; regular trust company
business transacted under State charter; all
matter* controlled and managed by the fol-
lowing .
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES -
WILLfAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP,
Vlce-Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS, ' — —
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-Callfornlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY, ¦•
Olney &. Olney. Att'ys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Pace. M_cCutchen & Knight, Atfys.
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mgr. Cal. Ttltle Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 530 California st.
NELSON JOHNSON & CO..
205 . Montgomery St.; Opp. Mills Building.
$6,500— Rents $S76: RItch et: large lot with
8 well built flats: good renting locality.
'$6,500— Laguna-st. residence; large, 'hand-
some well built; S rooms and bath; near
Jefferson square. . ;
$10.000 — Rents $1188: northwest corner on Ma-
son et. ; 30- feet frontage; stores and
.flats. ;-•¦-¦ .:¦", - - ¦¦•¦ , •
$5,500 — 37:6 feet frontage: 4 well built flats;
new plumbing; near Fourth st; rents
." ''$642. ¦ ¦ . • '. .
$5.750— Rents $654; California st; 3 attract-
ive bay-windowed flats. . • •
$7,*750 — 3 beautiful ux> to date Mission flats;
one block from Market st. ; rents $870.
$7,400 — Pine et. north side, near , Laguna;
elegant and modern: residence, 10 rooms
and i bath ; : servants' room, basement,
etc. : bank appraisement $8000; mortgage
$4000 at 6 per cent.
NELSON. JOHNSON ft CO.,
.- 205 Montgomery, st. Opp. Mills Building.
THE REAL ESTATE SECURITY COMPANY
• REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
We desire to announce our removal to 139
Montgomery st*. •
• We - have a ». number - of ¦ particularly good
propositions ranging from $10,000 to $150,000 in
San Francisco - properties that - we win bt
pleased to submit to buyers. ' -
REAL ESTATE SECURITY COMPANY.
139 MONTGOMERY STREET.
START. THE NEW YEAR
SAVING $5 PER MONTH
By. buying a. lot in the growing city of Rich-
mond. ¦ where are located the . Standard Oil
Company. Santa Fe Railroad terminal, the
Southern Pacific R. : R. belt warehouses and
manufacturing : . plants. All level. Streets
graded. Maps free. . ¦ -,. •
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY
> ¦ Crocker Building. San Francisco. \
$3600— Close : to "Castro-st. cars; flne chance to
buy & 7-room house very cheap; on Elizabeth
. st. McEWEN BROS.,118 Montgomery st.
$0250— FLATS; very cheap; ! Guerrero st, near
.-.» Twenty-seventh; fine order: everything up to
< date: : offer ; wanted. • McEWEN BROS.: IIS
•-.-' Montgomery *t "; -"v.v --¦ ~
GOOD cottage of 4 rooms, high basement; 116
7 Eugenia st ; '¦ lot 25x70: cheap. Apply Sun-
days, 1123 Treat ave.
•BEAL KSTATE— CITY— FOR SALB.
EAETON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
. 63S MARKET ST.
TUESDAY, February 9, 1904, at 12 o'clock
noon, at our salesroom. ••'
, SIXTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
; Nos. 428-27. Cth St., E. line, 325 ft S. of
Harrison st; 50x85 ft; Improvements consist
of 2 substantial 2-story frame buildings, con-,
talnlng 7 rooms &nd bath each.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
No. 2421 Buchanan st, N. of WashinKton
st.; lot 25:6x80 ft.; modern house of 7 rooms
and ocrcelain bath; all new plumbinK; 8-foot
basement; brick foundation; key for inspec-
tion at grocery Buchanan and Jackson sts.
• NATOMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. C23 Natoma st. S. line, 275 ft. W. of
ith et; lot 25x75 ft. ; improvements. 8-room
house.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
NE. cor. of South Broderlck and 14th sts.;
lot 2ti:3xSU::s ft.; No. 09; a very handsome 7-
rm. bay-window residence; new plumbing, por-
celain • bath," etc.;:. sun In every room; a de-
lightful neighborhood and a beautiful view;
concrete sidewalk; bltumlnlzed street.
BUCUANAN-ST. CORNER.
Sw. cor.- of Buchanan and Lombard sts.; lot
30x110 .ft. ; a most desirable site for store and
flats. . j -. . .,-.
LBAVENWORTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. -Ilia Leavenworth st.. \V. line. 100 ft.
S. of Sacramento st.; Improvements consist of
a substantial 10-rm. house; this portion E. of
Van Ness ave. is becoming the center of the
apartment house district and small holdings of
this nature will double In value within a short
period. . "
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
W. line of Fair Oaks st.. 100 ft. S. of 24th
St.; lot 50x115; will be aold either as a whole
or In 25-foot lots.
" CLKMENTINA-ST. FLATS.
S. line. Nos. 710-71i»% Clementina st, 200
ft. W. of Sth st.; 25x75 ft; 4 beautiful little
flats. 3 and 4 rms. each: permanently rented
to first-clats tenants at $41 per month.
McALLISTER-ST. APARTMENT SITE.
S. line of McAllister st, St ft. E. of Steiner
St.; extremely large lot, 00x87:0 ft: this por-
tion of McAllister st. is a particularly desir-
able site for an apartment house; good paying
tenant under secured lease guaranteed to the
purcharer.
CLEMEjfTINA-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
N. line of Clementina st., 300 ft. E. of 6th
st; No*. 4.1S-438'/a; improvements consist of
a store rented for grocery and bar, 2 flats of
ti rms. and bath " on 2d and 3d floors; rent
$77.60 per month.
„ For further particulars apply
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., .
L U38 MARKET ST.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market St.
535,000 — Corner on California stt, near Buchan-
an; 81:6 ft. frontage; improvements, S
2-story houses; rents $235 per month.
?-5,000— NE. corner on Sutter st, best portion;
69 ft frontage; 3 houses, 6-8-11 rooms,
renting for $135 per month; could easily
be raised and stores put below.
?-5,000^ — Polk-st. business Investment; rents
$2220 per annum; 2 stores and 4 fiats;
high basement; concrete walls; building
..« «,v, Only 4 yeaFS Old - '
$19,500— Plerce-st corner flats. Pacific Heights,
• 6 new flats; rents $189 per month.
$12,500 — 3 modern flats, 7-7-9 rooms, finished
attic: rents $108 per month: new and
modern in every respect; Fell St.
$11,500 — Harrison-st. corner, near Sixth st. ;
• store and 4 fiats; rents $W) per month.
$11,500— Pine st, east of Taylor.; 2«xl37:6;
substantial improvements thereon; an
exceptionally, fine site for apartment
house; a snap for the money.
$7,500^ — Morris ave.; rents $1044 per annum; 7
tenement flats; -steady tenants; good
neighborhood.
$7,000— Howard St.. east of Sixth; 25x85; old
Improvements; rents $45 per month; lot
alone worth $S500..
$7,000— McAIllster-st. residence; latest Im-
provements; porcelain bath; open plumb-
ing, latest gas grates and mantels; large
hall; high basement; brick foundation.
$4,000 — Rttch st.: rents $5o2 per year; 5 flats;
I 2 frontages; a positive sacrifice.
$3,000 — Rents $408 per year; 2 flats, 5 rooms
and porcelain baths, modern plumbing;
best interest-bearing property 'south of
Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
j 638. MARKET ST.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
'•SEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$20,0CO— A corner on Cough st., In Pacific
Heights district; six new flats renting for
$202.60 per month.
VALLEJO-ST. FLATS.
$15,000—27:0x137:0. Vallejo St.. near Leav-
enworth; 5 new flats, renting for $140 per mo.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS. iT.'
$12,500—25x80:11; Devleadero st, near Turk;
3 new flats, renting for $100 per month.
NEW FILLMORE-ST. FLATS.
$9000^ — Four new bay-window flats of 4 rooms
and bath each, renting; for $85.
COR. 11TH AVE. AND LAKE ST.
$7500—72x107:0; NE. cor. 11th ave. and Lake
Ft., coming fashionable section of the city.
"VALLEJO-ST. CORNER.' •# '
$7500— NW. cor. of Vallejo and Pollard: * im-,
provements consist of flats renting for $6S peri
UNION-ST. 'BUILDING LOT.
$5200—41:0x125; Union st. near Van Ness
avenue.
PINE-ST. INVESTMENT. . vT\
$5000— 25x127 :« to rear street: Pine st,
near Webster; front and rear houses.
,S ¦- ¦'% v'- v ¦ - • |
GREEN-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$5000—51:6x1X7:6; Green, east of Octavla.
MISSION HOME.
$4500—30x122:6; Capp St., near Eighteenth:
2-story bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
bath, renting for $35 per month.
LARGE INTEREST-PAYING INVESTMENT.
$3500— 32 feet on Church alley, near Broad-
way; Improvements consist of stable and flats
renting for $t>24 °j>er annum. , .
MARIPOSA-ST. HOUSE.
Two houses of 6 rooms and bath each on
Marlpcea Kt, near Bryant: renting for $30 per
month; street accepted; no reasonable offer
will be refused.
CHEAP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOTS.
$1650 each — 25x137:6; at> unsurpassed line of
lots on either Clayton or Carl sts.; only a few
more left in this block.
BUY A HOME.
One dollar per week
Pays for beautiful building lot
Rljfht in the city.
Price $125.^ Really worth $250 to $600.
SEE PROPERTY TO-DAY.
Take 3d-st. cars out Kentucky st. to the
REIS TRACT,
Cornering on. Railroad ave. and San Bruno rd.
You cannot miss it
Sign and offlce on the land. '
Agent on the ground.
REIS TRACT REAL ESTATE CO.,
029 PARROTT BUILDING,
Over Emporium.
open evenings.
Hawks & skelton '
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$(000— Residence. " Octa via. near Broadway; 7
rooms and bath; has a view of bay*
25x137. -•¦ "•¦:
$3500— Residence. Lombard, near Larkin: 8
• rooms and bath; fine view of bay; 25x177
$.>500— Lot on N line Clay, near Web.«ter- C5x
•-n™ 12 V' 8: ne locatl °n and size for flats.
$7200 — MarThe view lot; Hyde st. near Chest-
nut; 3«:RxllO; very flne view assured*
new building on each elde of It '
$5000— Lot on SW Larkin and Lo m -
i bard sts.: 25x105: magnificent marine view
from every window.. _<¦
$3000— Lot. Franklin st. near Filbert; 53xlG0;
street sewered; make an offer.
$1750 — Lot. E' side De Long ave.; near Wai-
' Ier; 25x80. - .
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery 1 st.
N.E. COR. lUth and : Dolores; 120x126; cheap *
;'¦:¦: Pine, near Taylor;; 3 new flats, 7 rooms
: bath each. \ -. ¦ ¦
; , Chestnut st, bet Mason and Taylor; lot
40x137: with Improvements; make offer.
$7000— Shotwell- st, near. ISth; 2 flats,' 5
and 0 rooms, bath; „ lot" 40x123. ' . . ¦¦'¦¦¦¦
$50CK) — Waller, st, ; 'near Devisadero; 8
rooms. . • - . • ¦
$5630— Harrison st, near 21st; 2 flats, 14
rooms; lot 45x122.
$25C0— Whitney st; 2 flats, 4 rooms, bath
each.
' T2C00— 23d st. ; cottage, 6 rooms, bath;
bargain; - ¦• ¦> .-'"
$25(» — Cottage. « rooms; lot 100x75.
Alameda — Beautiful 10-room ; house; lot 50x
217; on Santa* "Clara ave. . ¦
; PATTERSON. : 11 City^ Hall Square.
$0000— OAK st ; Park Panhandle; 00x137:6.
$17,000— Cor. Devisadero and McAllister;
62:«ixllO. .- '
S15O0 — McAllister st. ;. 25x100
.$550— ; Vulcan; near 18th-st. cars; 32x124. .
. ¦ $1200— Gocd corner, near Chutes; 32:6x100.
Installment lots In Excelsior. Homestead. ¦'
'Installment loU north of Park; cheap.
. JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market St.,
SUTTER.- bet. Baker and Lyon; 2 modern flats.
ti rooms/each; lot .22:9x137:6; no agents.
. Box 814," Call. --,- • ¦;. . ¦
'. FINE \ Income %ats - on Fulton St.; near City
•- '. Hall. -Inquiry : 142 Fulton st.;. owner.ri"*di . ¦ : ¦¦¦¦.-..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; JANUARY 31, 1904,
39
' - Mo?r~rr to loax.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHT.
'¦•¦- 601-e02-603 Examiner buiUJn*.
Quick aettlersents: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, secend mortgages, undivided inter*
erts. assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc; legacies. Ufa estates and undivided in*
tereats in property 4 purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential,
When Tou Need Money
gee HERMAN MURPHT.
_ _________
A reasonable amount en
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, la city, town
cr country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particular*
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail -n«r-
ehants. teamsters, boarding houses, without
security; easy payments; lamest business In
46 principal cities. ToUsan. U3 Parrott bldx.
HIGHLY rerpectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 3
per cast Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
MS Market: tel. Main 1H4. Enneh. 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity: $25 up;quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomsry. rm. 7.
ilONET to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones boushS
at W. J. HEST HAL'S. 10 Slath St.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 1«J Grant **•-.
¦ LOANS FROM ?1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method— To wage-earners on unln-
dsrsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4&-I3. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without necurtty; on furni-
ture; indorsed nctes and other security. 3. P.
Discount Agency. 143 Pbalan building.
AT lowest rater, on furniture and planes; strict
privacy; no coramtsslon;lnstallm«nts accepted,
HONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANT asm on furniture cr pianos; 00 removal;
lowest rat*: »asy payments: no commtasion.
117O Market >t.. room ea.
MONET loaned;, reasonable rates. NORTOTT
CO.. "OS Market St.. room 207. !?
ALL leans en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5.18 Kearny.
8 % ON furniture A pianos; $13 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 10C3 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bids.. 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.-'Jll. Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indener. M OR ELL. 609 Examiner butMlng.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
J1OXEV WANTED.
- 5
WOULD like t» borrow $2000 on a Iwiuse and
lot at a reasonable rate of Interest; I hav*
a good position and can pay off the mort-
gage in a short while. Box 738. Call offlc*.
OFFICES AXD STORCS TO LET.
A LARGE newly fitted up store and basement
to let with 3 years lease: finest location; low
rent: to-d*y. 2tM> O'Farrell st.
STORE to lease; 111 Sansome St.; 50x97:8, in-
cluding two lofts, large basement and goo4
elevator. EASTON, ELDHIDGE & CO.
STORE near corner Kearny-Hall of Justice;
rent $20. Apply room 1. ft;6 Clay st.
, _____
FINE, light offices to let. 635 California st.
NICE fine office to let; also fine front a>s'«
mom. Call at 4ia California st.. room 21.
PALJilftTRY.
THE ORIGINAL ROMANY GYPSIES. PALM-
ISTS. CARD READER3. CLAIRVOYANTS,
trance mediums: we guarantee to tell what
you want to know; we tell no fairy tales.
285 Geary st.
10c 10c 10c 10c
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press $*: open Tue. day evg. also. i;i;» Post st.
DR. BLUEFIELD'9 College of Palmistry and
Occultism — Life delineations daily from 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. 1C00 Sutter »t.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Pest; hours
1 to 5 daily. Phona James 1. Clashes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 31*
Taylor »t.. rear Geary. Phone Black 5*V
ROOMS papered.* $4 up; tinting. painting.
Hartmar.n Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 411
PAT—BTTS WAMT_D.
WHAT have you to offer in tbU line for salnf
Box E63. Call office.
PHYSICIANS AXD SIRGEO.V9.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021% Market st.. bet. tfth and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
¦ DR. BALL. 1073& Market si
REMOVKD — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats ail diseases of the human body: far
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now la-
catptl at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI P»
Tal herb doctor cures all diseases of human,
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
I Now at SE. corner Geary anrt-.Tayior sts.
\ WONG WOO. the famous herb, doctor— All dl»-
{ eases cured by Chinese herht. 746-« Clay »t.
I POULTRY, EGGS. ETC. — For Sale.
CHOICE groceries. R. W. BAKER A CO.,
951 Washington 9t., Oakland.
. property wasted.
/ FLATS WANTED.
I will boy 3 flats. Kills. Eddy. Pine, Push."
east of Franklin; cash; nice: up to data.
JULJEN SMITH. Real Estate Agent, 430
Montgomery >t. i
JUST out from Germany: want a farm, fruit
or stock- ranch. Box 792. Call offlce.
PROl'tlSAU.
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley— Notlc*
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men;
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids ar*
solicited for performing tha labor and (ur-
nlshlng the materials for tne excavation an i
foundation of the central power-house on ta-»
grounds of the University of California as
Berkeley. Cal.. and said blda wilt fr; received
at th* office of tha Regents, South Hail.
Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock M. of Feb-
ruary 3. 1904. Plans and specifications for
said excavation and foundations have been
adopted and may be examined daily at office
of tha Resents from 0 a. m. until 4 p. m.
No bids will be considered unless accompa-
nied by a certified check or bond of bidder.
In favor of the Regents of the University qjf
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that.
It said bid be accepted, the bidder will duty
enter Into a proper contract to falthruKy
perform the duty and obligations in accord-
ance with said bid and with the plans arut
specifications which are hereby required to ba
a part or such contract. The right to reject
any and all bids Is hereby reserved. By or-
der of the committee on 'grounds and build-*
ings of the Board of Regenta. V. H. HEN*
DERSON. Acting Secretary.
BIDS will be received until V ebmary 13. 10O4,
for the drilling of an oil wall within 5 mil«s
of Evanston. Wyo.: plenty of water near by;
coal can be put at the - ell at from $3 to il ad
per ton; tha contractors to furnish everytnln^
and must prosecute the work diligently day
and tight until completed. Bidden will
make se?arat« bids at so much p«r foot ta
sink 100O feet. 1300 feet and 2000 feet deeaj
the six* of the hole to be not less than o> 4
" Inches at tha bottom on completion. Th«
right la reserved to reject any and ail bida
U the price Is excessive. For further par*
tlculars writs or call on tha undersigned uf
FRANK M. FOOTE, Evanston. Wyoming.
W. D. 8ANSORN. trustee. 631 Market st.
" LEGAL AD VEHT1S EM—NTS.
central" r PAHKc~TrX_^\VAT' l ~coSSFA7«5
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BOND3— .
Notice la fcereby given that, pursuant to th»
provision of Article Eight Of the mortcavsj
irom this Company to tha Central Trust Com*
pany of New York, Trustee, dated August I.
1>1W this Company has set apart out of _•
net income derived by it from tho linea o(
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twea-
ty-flv* thousand dollars In trust to bo a-*>i
to redeem «a>d bonds, and that bonds issu«J
under said mortgage win bo redeemed there,
with and bids are hereby Invited for the aur.
render of »uch bonds at prices to be named b#
- tha bidders, to the amount requisite, to ex.
haust said sum. Sucn blda should b* or«-
sented to this Company at Its of flee. oH
Broadway in tha City of New York, oa ur
before the 1st day of February, 1904. *:
twelve o'clock noon, and should be Indorse*!
"Bid* for Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company First Refundinx Bonds.". . -',
CE1JTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRXMAN. Presidsat.
New York. January 2. J904.
TO whom it may concern: From this day o?i
I will not be responsible for any bills con.
tracted by my wife, Estella MeLaughltn.
January SO. 1904. C. McLAUGHLIN.
ror Additional Class— ted Advertisement!
fleo rac* 40.
HBA_ KSTATE Cwnntry Kn* Snle. i
— cincxrs* rakcres evebt— there — j
W. J. WHITE, "<! Montgomery ft., roam ti. 1
MY OULiEU OK COUBT.
f«r,no— Tc close estate; lOSO aero. JCendTr'ni >
County. 3 miles Ircm to-^n; rear steamer land- j
ins; £OO acres splendid hay cr potato lani!; »p- 1
rl<5 orchard; f>00 trr. 5 more could be plant*-!; •
r.O-t ar-res heavy reir.ood timber: balance «-
cc'.lent paiturc; substantial improvements; lin? ;
and cross fen"CF.
ALFALFA LANDS.
12S0 arr<-s, fenced end cross-fenced; hoar*:
barn; outSiuiidinss; arUsia _ well th»t irrigates
40i« aores finr alic'.ia; rH'fr runs thrrush p!a?;e; j
SiOOU r«:nt crTei-°d; & rai'.c-e o: Angicla; only £k> :
an acre.
f 14.0K 1 — Ctn]y one mile from station, schools, j
rhurches ytore?; 40 acn** full bearing orchard, J
vineyard Bn4 berrti??; rmall curscry; nUalfa: j
<".irk. rendy loam; watrr for Irrigation pip^U !
nil over plaVe: am- S-roorh boo*: cemrnt foun-
dation: stnhlo. caniajrc-ho'.jse. machinery for
jnar.u!ac-turi:.r olive <vl; wtll Fubdivlde in lets
$1000 up cr exchange :or bay property of equal
value.
$-S>00 — ClcFe to city; 9' acres full bearing r,r.-
cl.ard: 1 ftcre alfal.'a; T» r. hard finished cottage.
$250f»— !<.i> Kcrea near l-oat and car?; nice or- 1
chard, vineyard: <5-r. house, barn, outbuildlncs, 1
epan hors«-s ttoeV, tools, wapons ;. steady jcb. J
* '- $5 ar. acre — IGt.'O acres, S miles good town; i
mvr :;"¦•¦ jKv.- lcr-!: v.cll watered, wood, rolling ]
hills and JitUe valley*; ray 2w per cent on in- |
\ i-rtrrrr 1 : 1>»:i'k foreclosure.
I10U&— Adjoining nice town; 240 acres, .".0 |
acr^s level; houm*. outLuMdinjs; controls 2000- 1
acre rarr-'-
WfcOO— 1>« ranch In Southern Oregon; ;*.2O !
irn •«; 2 s.>"' F<-od improvement; well fe:iced; j
GS*_V6; •"> h«r»e«; farming tools: cutstde ran^e. j
AiifT^tioTi [rti/sltlata — Xics home, live coua- j
try town. C5 t;>!i<"P of S. F. : IH-ronm house ar.d I
PTOund*; practice jtuai-anteed £2500 a year; only
$t;500 easy term*.
12100— Thirty-five rn!!f<t of Sen Francisco;
10 minuter' walk to Courthouse; 21 acres
earden l.xnd: half level; bran<i new colonial
cottnire: larc» barn: h-'r*e ; tools.
*17.tXX> — Improved ranch; 450 acres; near
Ledi; ad.iotnnc land sold by the hank $40 an j
acre; would cxrhang'' for city property.
ALFALFA LAND.
$10 an acre. tiOO acres. Angola. Kings
County.
$1S<X>— 24^ aTe«, 5 miles of town, 5 acres
bearing orchard, lrt arres bearing: grapes. 40
mcT*s iKittom land; house, barn, packing-house,
tools; »alcr piped to buildings and pasture.
f*O acre?; If crefk bottom; fruit, grapes,
berries, buildinffs; one mile town: tools; $000.
?*>nd stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE 20 Montgomery ft., room 5.
_ PROrEUTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
4(* ACRES lovel sediment land; unequaled for
h«»rrieF. jx>tsito«?s ttn<\ alfalfa growing: 515
per acre; '< cash; all watey wantedj $1 p?r
acre per year.
Call or writs for full particulars.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Iloom 406, Examiner b!dg., San Francisco.
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion Ajncs. Santa Cruz County, Cal.; price
. t-T-OOO, a!?o other lands for rale. For partic-
ulars address Postmaster. Mc9s, Cal.
WANTED— People to take up Government land
In C_Ufor&_ with plenty of water. TOOKER
& GRAHAM. Land Agents, 217-21S Crocker
tildg.. San Francisco, Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$2(i0 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet It's free. €03 J at.
WEIGHT & KIMEUOUGH. Sacramento. CaL
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.
v!r.«°5arr!?; Jnsptcted bargains; monthly cata-
!««« c-s wnt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
ALFALFA enr Rvclalty; best alfalfa land at
(20 ner acre: ditch and artesian water. P.
H. JORDAN CO.. 110 Montgomery st,
POtt (ale cr exebansi — 100 acres land, south-
f»«.t»-rT 1 part Monterey County. FRED-
ERICKg. -T33 Seventeenth «t.
FKRK liM of real property, town and country.
Write W. T. IJOXSTELL. real estate agent.
Eureka, Cal.
cubau laud.
cuba :T1lanlx~ % ~ w ~~~
I cm the »r>!e owner of 133 acres in the fa-
mous Vuelta Abaja District of Province of
IMnar-del Hio. the rjreat tobacco center of
CUte; titl* guaranteed; I wish to sell 60
acres in whole or part. Immediately, before
re'urr.ing tr> Cuba; will plant and handle for
purchaser: 1 rt-pretent no real eetate firm,
nr> colony scheme, no etock company: a
nrvt-cL'i^s investment: no circulars; refer-
eseea pivn. Kor particulars see or address
K H. HKQI'A. 1417 Wpgt pt.. Oakland. Cal.
SAW UATEO SEAL ESTATE.
EA23 MATEO SAN' MATEO
THE FINEPT SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice llrt of excellent residence
, rrop<-rti«i, villa sites and acreage. Don't fail
«o e*<» us before buying. Investigate San
Mateo Park. The ideal property of them all.
I*ot£ of about one acre each. Easy terms.
Hound to Vie most valuable. Bee our local
apfnt. Frank S. Grummon. Baa Mateo office
cjen Sundays
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
SAN MATEO. BURL1NGAME.
IVsl suburhan hrnnci near Fan Francisco; no
ferry; *>lfctrk: railroad now running; lots and
residences for pale; we can sell good lota as
Jrnv as $.V0 each; we will be glad to show
tlum: we alto have »oroe acreage land near by
as low a; $1<V> to $20f» rr a/r«\
Mc.AFEE BROTHERS.
JOS Montgomery Ft., San Francisco.
RoMest acen<. s. g. GOODHl'E. Western
Union Telegraph buiidine. San Mateo.
FAN' MATE<~> house of fi rooms and bath; lot
inoxl8f>. with barn and chicken house; $eorr<i;
$1<*><> down an<l balance $e2 50 per month;
on car lire. P. COFFIN. S303 Mission st.
_i!S!^T iH53!*?lH5P~lL l^ A J' estate. .
LOTS ARE SELLIN'O RAPIDLY IN THE
PANTA FE TRACT
AT POINT RICHMOND.
$5 PER MONTH.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery St.,
Pole Agents.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. C23 Eush St.. room
4. third floor.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
RAN RAFAEL REAL ESTATE.
MAKE offer for nice San Rafael lferae; 8
rooms, ha— 1, etc. Owner. 119 Fifth ave.,
Kan Rafael.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— Ranch of 30 or 40 acres, suitable
fcr poultry. L- RICHEY; 237 Minna st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMCDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL BARGAINS FOR. ONE WEEK.
extjia val::es.
pcbcha8e a h<»me in the prettiest
AND BEST KEPT CITY IN CALIFORNIA.
CETTER THAN PAYING RENT.
$1COO — Good 5-room eottaee; lot 2.'>xlo0; %ViI-
!o»- ct.
$2iOO— Lot 50x272. with 5 rooms partly fur-
nished, (?¦ttaee.
ICVJO — New tS-room houpe; larc» lot; a>nap
*31«t — S roo—s and bath; partly furnished
(llast be sold.)
iSOOO — Colonial 7-room house; large lot; fine
. location.
SAOUO — See our beautiful 8-room house. Grand
etrect: a bargain.
J.4^50— Oee oar new fe-room home; choice lo-
cal ;tj\
S3O00— Beautiful new 8-roo— . modern house-
corner lrlt. '
Lot? fur sale In nil parts of Alameda.
Maty turrus 10 accommodate purchaser. Ideal
hn— P5. Choice locations near ° trains and
schools.
WILL
r-UlLD./RENT OR EXCHANGE.
f AfiK. TO SEE
Ocr tiOOO sr*v«_l barcain; a modern S-room
I : . ; ynu will certainly buy It.
•UiAUEDA LAND COJlfPANY
15OO PARK ST.,
I FEE our beautiful ctty and you will live no
rite? c!i".; our street* are perfect, cur sewer
Msurn the- fiao*t in tne v.orM. our schools un-
•¦M«Ued. our trHmr-ortation facilities can't be
t^«,t. Kujx-ib c!i— ai». liciow will be found a
ii>l of choice Ifjyaz
t SPKCIAL THIS WEEK.
t» e will -** 11 til's v. . • k only a fine 3-room
cotiace. n«aUy furnieh'.-d: fine location lot
• •}.?:!<«>: for t'^iT'O: just look at It!
;yXM>— Choice location; large lot; alxncst new
Ot4f-s G-jwm vcuage; you can't beat this.
i. ,.rfXt— h ,no corner: 7i for.t frontage; elegant
!u.uw S room*,- en Chestnut ttreet; fine home
!>>r a doctor.
', tt-jH—l** M*xl4S: windmill, tank and eU-
ti.*C rcei ? fcouKe: sood 'option.
' "a t me , <orncr . 125x140; centrally lo-
cated; iluce building: eiie.
Utnting. Insurance. Conveyancing.
•1AMMOND & HAMMOND.
¦- *+-2 i'ark eU. Ala— eda.^»
NINE-ROOM hoiiw, p.*,,! location, to fvnt or
-or la.r; ol*o G-room hoi:w. !ot -»2xl ZO' I,,
J!5_lij__!__|_?j_i T !____
et.. AJanieda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 ElEhth Street.
Oakland.
$55C0— Fin© modern residence In Lakeside dis-
trict; 8 rooms and bath, with all modern
appliances, Including furnace. .
$1000 — Corner lot, 67x147. on Shattuck ave.,
near Idora Park; street, work done..
$4000 — Magnificent residence. 10 rooms and
bath; high sunny lot, 75x150; lawn, cement
walks and stable; house alone would cost
mere to build.
—
$1500 — Southwest corner lot, 50 feet frontage,
with barn, near Brush st.
$3100 — Modern 2-story house, S rooms and bath;
lot 37:6x115; street .work complete; near
Tel* graph and Moeb aves.; easy terms.
$650— Lot 115x147, with . well, in - Frultvale,
near East Fourteenth; will subdivide.
$2650— Comfortable cottage, 7 rooms and bath;
near Tenth and Linden. •
?50 foot; worth $60; magnificent Crown Hill
lot; 60x125; -finest property In Piedmont.
$2C50 — Nice cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 50x
118; near Twenty-sixth and Telegraph.
$50 foot — Exceptional fine lot; 95x150; Adams
Point. -
$ 2650— Modern cottage, 6 rooms *nd bath; lot
30x165; gas, mantels and cement basement;
nice locality, near Eighth st. .
$2650 — Elegant cottage, 5 large rooms, high
baserrent; hot air furnace, gas, laundry;
iron fence; sunny side; every convenience;
lot 33x100; street work complete; near new
ferry.
$1100— Elegant lot, 50x146, with eastern slope;
street work complete; opposite several ele-
¦' gant residences. ,
$2500— Bay-window cottage, B rooms, alcove
and bath; lot 57x100; windmill and tank;
Linden st.. near new car line; close in.
$3200 — New 2-story house, 6 rooms and bath;
lot 30x100; swell front; 2 toilets; comblna-
1 tlon fixtures; near Grove and Thirty-second
ste. : terms.
$2750 — New bay-window cottage, B rooms and
bath; lot 37 feet frontage; between Grove
and Telegraph ave. ; terms.
BUILD ON HONOR.
i $2500 — New modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath;
1 30 feet frontage; choice location near Thlr-
I tieth St.; terms.
$2200^ — Nice cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot
37:6x110; southwest corner, on Eleventh »t. ;
owner anxious to sell; very easy terms.
$1650 — Cottage 6 rooms; lot 50x100; In manu-
facturing center; double In value soon.'
1 $1600 — Cozy cottage, 4 rooms and bath; lot 80x
I 168; Dear new ferry line.
$1350— Cottage, 4 rooms and bath; near Twelfth
st. and R. R. shops; easy, terms. ,
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
4C0-4G2 Eighth Street,
; Oakland.
! > ¦ "~~-~*— y
COZY COTTAGE Of 5 rooms, all In fine con-
dition; newly Dalnted and papered; lot
33x110; a plain but neat, cheap home;
850 32d et., between San Pablo ave. and
Grovo st.
A SNAP; $1750: Just think! Only $35 per
• foot; near 18th and Brush sts.: lot 60x
103; on north side of street; fine resi-
dence location.
S1200 House of 4 rooms: lot 40x200; 3 blocks
I - from electric cars and same distance
from Key route trains; In a fine residence
location: fruit trees and several chicken
houses and brooders; must be . seen to
be appreciated.
: $6500— Roadhouse of 12 rooms; completely fur-
: nlsh«l: now ot>«n; electric ! lighting
throughout; fine location; large grounds;
this l» a flno business opportunity; inves-
tigate.
$3500 — 0 rooms: new, modern house, East
Oakland; sunny and handy to trains and
cars; lot 33x100; will sell on easy terms,
like rent.
13000 — Downtown 10-room house; fine location:
•3 blocks from Broadway: lot 32:6x100;
house newly painted and papered through-
: out; owner going to Nome> must tell;
t*fl terms if desired.
|40O0 — Elegant home built by owner, who lives
t, . there: finished In curly redwood: f> rooms;
.porcelain bath; all new plumbing; back
and front stairway; paneled dining-room;
not far to 14th and Broadway; lot 35x100;
good neighborhood; owner will take va-
cant lot &a part payment,
! $4500— Fine- elevated corner, 60 feet front:
j bouse of 11 rooms, bath; newly paJnted
i and papered: house alone cost $5000 to
build; mortgage $2250; owner will take
smaller place or lot for his Interest.
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway/Oakland.
i Member of the Oakland Real Estate Assn.
.__ , . ¦
v, . .. *-*——""
' A. J. SNYDER.
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
Member Oakland Real Estate Association,
467 Ninth St.. Oakland. Cal.
|S50 — Reduced from $1000; beautifully situa-
ted lots on Panoramic Heights, Berkeley;
each 50x100.
$000 — Snap in Upper- Fruitvale; lot 100x130;
near car line: elevated.
$500 eaeh— Three lots. 25x106, near Twenty-
first and Chestnut Ets.
$1800 — Cottage, 6 rooms and bath, 25x100, near
Twenty-first and Chestnut, or same with
lot 50x100 for $2300.
$250 will buy a 25-foot lot on Magnolia st..
near Twenty-second.
A. J. SNYDER.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
Real Estate, Insurance and Financial Agents,
! Telephone Cedar 351. 1236 Broadway, Oakland.
I $4500— -Brand new, strictly modern .8-room resi-
dence; good barn and driveway: lot .V5x
14O feet: Thirtieth st... near Telegraph
ave., the cheapest property offered In that
vlclnlty - flats!
$ ApO — Upper and lower flats, 6 and 7 rooms,
within one block of Broadway; Income.
$504 per annum. 088
$4100 Two flats, 5 and 6 rooms each; on lKth
St.: annual Income $4S0. 8fl7
$5000 — Four flats of 5 rooms each; lot 60x75
feet: on Oth- St., "close In; annual Income
$720. 1295
$C250— Two flats, 5 and C rooms each; Income
$Cfi0 per annum. 1033
$C500 — Two flats of 14 rooms; annual Income
I $780;: brand new, with latest plumbing;
Telegraph ave. . 004
$7000^ — Four flats, corner on Madison st.: lot,
¦ - -i 50x100 ft.; annual income over $800. 1332
$7000— Two flats, 14 rooms; very fine property:
Income $720 per annum. 1332
$S000— Four flats on 23d et., near Telegraph;
annual income $960. ¦ 1334
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
Telephone Cedar 351. •
1230 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
FORECLOSURE PROPERTIES.
These properties were taken In under fore-'
closure Of mortgages and are offered at prices
that are far below the real values.
5-room house; lot 40x125; south side of
Third, 330 feet west of 'Jones ave.; Elmhurst;
$K00. ,-'".. -¦ ¦¦' •
8-room house; ' lot 50x150: south, side of
Orunce 22C feet east of Orchard • ave.. Elm-
hurst: price $1300. The house alone could not
be built now for $2000.
Lot 42x00; northeast corner Fifteenth ave.
and East Seventeenth Bt.;f400. '
Lot 37:6x100; south side of Carrlson st., 291
feet east of San Pablo ave. ; $250.
J , TYRRELV Exclusive Agent,
Member of the Oakland Real Estate Asso-
ciation.
500 Ninth st.; Oakland^ Cal.
$050 CASH. ,?0 monthly; 2-story new Eastlake
• house: < 5 rooms - and >- bath; - eood .well, ¦ also
. . city water; ¦ 3 fine - lots; : 75x100; ¦: all , fenced ;
rich sandy loam soil; immense oak and laurel
: trees; ' runnlns ¦'.stream of -pure- water; ¦ an
• ideal spot and .lovely, home adjoining East
j Oakland; near' fine - r school, electric cars;
-' away from fogs and raw winds; price In all
j $1275. . Call or send. for. circular.-. 455 Seventh
I st.y opposite, -Broadway station,' Oakland.
I Carriage free. ; H. Z. JONES, owner. . ..=:-:.
•READ THIS .BARGAIN. - -' ¦•¦-..• v
,55500— Bank f oreclceure . of a fine residence
j and grounds, 0 rooms, i^east of Broadway,
and .best residence portion of Oakland; 5
minutes "to center, of town. THE ALDEN
• CO.. 1118 Broadway.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M' NTS
BKKKELBV REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN.
$5000— Worth $10,000; must be sold; 8 beautiful
sunny rooms; good as new; fine wide
street; near trains; lot 125x140; in fine
condition; fine barn; street work all done;
see It at once.
?2S00— Two flats of 5 rooms each; lot 40x120; !
three blocks to cars; street work all done. {
$2100— Now 5-room cottage; $200 down, balanc
$20 per month: lot 40x120. ' ¦ j
$3150 — New 7-room house, with everything
modern: frescoed walls; fine mantel: street
work all done; X50O cash, balance $25 per
month.
$1400— 5-room cottace; lot 50x150: street work
all done: well -and pump; chicken houses
urni yard; S400 cash, balance $12 per
month.
$2400 — Nearly r.ew . C-room house; large lot; 1
three blocks from trains; $1)00 cash, bal- j
ance $10 per month. - 1
f200 — S10 cash, balance ?5 per month, will I
buy a fine lot; all sewered; only five blocks j
from trains
SOUTH BERKELEY.
A FEW BARGAINS.
$1.250 — 1-room cottage; half block of car line;
three _ocks of station; street work all
dope; #li00 caeh, balance $15 per month, I
including, interest at 8 per cent. ,
$2,425 — 7-room house, nearly new; lot 50x140;
street work complete; half block of Tele-
graph ave. cars and a short distance of
station located at 2448 Ashby ave.;
term* if desired.
S2.S0O— A beautiful 6-room house and corner
lot 50x100; street worK complete; cars
pass door; only three blocks of Ashby
station, situate at 2S2S Grove st.
$3,000— 6-rocm house; lot 42x130; south front;
nice barn; all complete.
$15,000— For a business block at Berkeley sta-
tion; lot alone is worth this price; prop-
erty is earning over $1200 per year;
come and Inspect.
We have a few lots in the warm belt of the
foothills still left. $700 each.
MORAN & SWAIN,
2131 Shattuck ave., opposite Berkeley Station.
(Successors to L. J. Moran & Co.)
M. P. W. ALBEE, real estate and Insurance —
Buy a home in Berkeley, tho most desirable
residence city In the State; lowest prices
guaranteed. 2139 Center St., Berkeley, Cal.
51000— SUNNY Bide of street; lovely view of.
bay; must be sold at once. D. S. ISGRIGO,
220S Fulton st.. Berkeley.
BARGAINS — We buy, sell, exchange or build.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
UNIVERSITY Cottage No. 2. Berkeley. Allaton
way: with or without housekpg privileges.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FlUJITVALE HEAL ESTATE.
ENETSINGER & MATTESON.
1214 Fruitvale ave.. Frultvale, Cal.
$2000— 5-room cottage on lot 75x150; fine resi-
dence location; east front; lawn, and flow-
ers; chicken houses; modern; easy terms.
$1000 — 5-room cottage; lot 50x115; basement,
bath; barn, chicken houses, windmill, I
tank; flowers and fruit; one block from
cars; a bargain; terms. I
$2250— 6-room house; lot 50x133; windmill and
tank; fruit, flowers; barn, chicken houses j
(some thoroughbred chickens Included) ;
very easy terms.
$)o0 — 4-room cottage; lot 40x125; one block
from electric cars; new and modern; $150
down and $10 30 per month.
$600— Store bulldlne; corner lot 40x90; good j
location for gropery business; terms If de-
eired; see this soon.
$2100^ — 6-room house; large lot; near school,
electric cars and local station; three/ liv-
ing rooms and three bedrooms, large pan-
try, electricity, city water, etc.; terms as
rent.
~£1400 — 4-room cottage: lot 150 feet deep; three
blocks from station, two ' blocks from ;
school; modern; small payment down and j
. $12 iior month.
LOTS LOTS LOTS.
$10 DOWN $5 PER MONTH.
W> will plan a house after your own ideas.
We will negotiate a loan for you free of
chhrge. '
We will build for you and save you money.
We will guarantee satisfaction.
SNETSINGER & MATTESON,
1214 Frultvale ave., Fruitvale, Cal.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station. Cal.
$2100 — Two and a quarter acres of extra good
soil in a beautiful location; nicely ele-
vated; handy to car line and local eta- j
tion, together with a fine 5-room cottage; !
two good wells of spring water, force j
pump, outhouses, fencing properly put up
for raising chickens, turkeys, etc.; sold
at a sacrifice; party going south.
$1600 — Modern 5-room cottage; bath, base-
ment, etc.; lot 40x123; one block from
Fourteenth st. car line and Ies3 than 10 j
minutes' walk to Fruitvale Station. !
$1650 — New modern colonial cottag-e of 4 rooms:
bntb. large pantry, good sewerage, etc.;
lot 50x100. with chicken-house; only two!
short blocks from Fruitvale Station; this
is a bank foreclosure sale; about $200
cash down, balance- same as rent.
$1050— Fine cottage of 5 rooms and basement;
good sewerage;, city water; lot 60x100;
close to the Frultvale Station; a big bar-
gain and the best opportunity to secure a
home.
$1250— A cozy cottage of 4 rooms and bath; all
hard finished, brick foundation, etc.: lot
. 37:6x100; sewered, fruit trees, chicken-
houses, etc.; 2 blocks from local station;
easy terms if desired.
$1700 — One acre of beet garden soil, with good
4-room cottage, chicken-houses, barn; all
fenced and cross-fenced; spring water;
choice place to raise chickens; close to
Fruitvale-ave. car line; terms to suit
purchaser.
$000 — New cottage of 3 large rooms; closets;
pantry: city water; lot 40x135; 1 block
from electric cars; can be bought on
your own terms.
$1250— Good 5-room cottage, bath, laundry,
barn; lot 50x150; close to school and car
line.
' H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvalc Station. Cal.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
OFFICE, ONE-HALF BLOCK FROM FRUIT-
VALB STATION.
$300 cash, balance $15 monthly; 4-room mod-
! ern cottage; bath and pantries; with store in
a neighborhood where a bakery and confec-
tionery store would do well; located on the •
main county road; close to school, cars and'
church: property surrounded by a good fence;
no cold winds or wet fogs;. lot 187 feet deep;
price all told S1600. '¦
1 $75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee tract; fine
I soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going- up;
I no cold winds or wet foes; and lots only- $75
each; $5 down, balance $2 50 per month.
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave.
SPECIAL
- -. FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
The terminus of 5-cent fare. Haywards cars;
. streets graded and' graveled; sidewalks;
I depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash |
' and balance $10 per month: 13 blocks to local
train; best located property on San Leandro
' road- praded school on tract. Apply to S. S.
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
FOR sale — New 5-room cottage; high base-
ment; lot 50x135. If you want a good house
look at this. 1S07 Bray ave., Frultvale.
i 5-ROOM cottage; hall; stable; well of water:
i chicken houses; 100x125 ft. ; rent $10 per
j month. "Inquire 819 Filbert St.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
ALL GOOD BUYS.
$1500—60x100; Just came in; this is a good 2-
story house; not a mansion, but a Kood
- home, and with the; lot is worth $20fX>;
ftreet Ib eewered; one block to new cross-
town line Piedmont.
$1COO— Only one and a half blocks east of San
Pablo ave. and 3 minutes to Golden Gate
station; 4 large rooms, bath, boiler, laun-
dry etc.; 40-foot lot.
$2450 — Almost new; 2-story hous<» of 0 rooms;
location same as nbove; rents for $25 per
month; easy. terms.
•3500 — Fine 2-story «.-olonlal house of 7 rooms,
etc.: high ground; very sightly; close to
I Oakland Heights.
1 $55C0-rLarge house/ with lot 00xl2o; house has
hardwood floors: 7 fine rooms; stable; very
desirable; see this.
JAMES S. NAISMITH.
D34 Thirteenth St., Oakland, Cal. -
£0500— A FINE house ¦ In Lakeside district;
thoroughly modern and up-to-date in ev- !
cry particular: 0 roem3 and bath; 5 blocks
from the business center; 4 blocks from 1
'• the new pwtofflce; price' reduced from '
$80CO to $(5300:' must be sold ;. make ¦ off er 1
;.C. K. MARSHALL, •> 1118 Broadway. ' j
10 ACRES land In the suburbs of Oakland;
suitable to subdivide and sell lots;, electric
cars to the property; chance- to make $5000. "
i E. BISHOP, . • ¦ ' .
J 406 Tenth St., "
> Oakland, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AT.AMKHV I'lBU. f.STATi:.
A HOME FOR EVERYBODY.
$1000 — 5-room lV4-story cottage; lot 23x101;
terms.
$1000 — 5-room 1-story cottage; lot 26x100;
terms. - '
«1 4(io_ 5-room l-«tory cottace; lot 20x100;
terms.
$1750 — 5-room 1-story cottage; lot 20x125; %
cash.
$2130— 7-rcom 1-etory cottage; lot B4xl50;'
$r>00 cash.
$2ir.O— 5-room l»story cottace; lot 40x118; Vt
cash.
$2300— 6-room 1-story cottage; lot 50x150: %
cash.
$.•5100— 7-room 1-Ftory cottage; lot 50x150; U
cash.
Two nice water from cottages on Central
ave.. near station; bargains; large list of realty.
For exohanse for San Francisco real estate,
a modern 7-room house In the best locality.
Ari'ly to A. R. DENKE, 1400 Webster St..
Alameda.
$3000 — O-KOOM house; modern in every particu-
lar; bit .Tul40: te— ns to eult; three blocks
from station: must be told.
W. K. CONGER & CO.. ' .
1501 Park St.. Alameda.
' ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
ROOMS furnished for housekeeping r.ear sta-
tion; coal and cas stoves. 1417 Grand Et.
ALAMEDA HOTJS-KEWINOJBOOMS^
FOR RENT— 2 sunny furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. P. O- box 72. Alameda.
BERKELEY AD VERT'S' M'NTS
•
BEnKELEY^EAL^STAT^^
do~yol7want an investment?
Look at this; one of the handsomest blocks
in Alameda County; stores below and flats
above; in the heart of town; always rented;
paying a handsome interest; price $05,000.
Also a brick block; a fine NE. corner: al-
ways rented; a thorough good purchase;
price $30, 000.
A business lot, 50x118; adjoining stores,
¦with a C-room cottage; only $4000.
A boarding-house of 29 rooms: near the uni-
versity grounds; large* lot; leased for $195
monthly; price $15,000.
A nice new house of 9 rooms; corner lot;
near university; price f6250.
A ¦— ell-arpointed house of 9 rooms; new;
price $5750.
New house of 7 rooms, double floors, furnace,
etc.; XDOOO.
New house of 7 rooms; large corner lot; only
600 feet from the "Key Route" cars; every-
thing modern; $4000.
Fine corner lot; near the Btation; street work
all done; with 5-room cottage; price $2300.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate.
SE. cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO..
21*a Center St., Berkeley.
$6250 — Thi« elegant new 10-room house, on
corner lot in choice location; this is one
of the finest built houses In Berkeley and
has every convenience, such as combina-
tion fixtures, gas grates, clothes chutes,
speaking tubes, polished floors; reasona-
ble terms can be had.
$5750 — This is a new 9-room house Just "having
the touches put on; elegant; lot 43x127:
location the bes=t; finely fitted up with
gas gratea. fine combination fixtures, pol-
ished floors, etc.; to see is to buy if you
ar<? looking for a house of this value.
! $900— This elegant lot. 40x115; only 3 minutes
from North Berkeley Station; street work
all done; sidewalk laid: fenced on three ;
hides; elecant view; will sell on very'
eaty terms.
CENTRAL. REAL, ESTATE CO..
2»» Center St., Berkeley.
SOME OF LYMAN ALLEN'S SPECIALS IN
BERKELEY REALTY.
$750— Very nice sightly lot, 50x135; cast of
Grove; south of Vine.
$1S.» — Coxy 4-room cottage; near university
and station. j
$2850 — Nice new 7-room colonial house; quite
near Vt, C and station.
f3»Z0 — 10 rooms; two flats; complete; modern
plumbing; large lot: nice condition;
paved street: handy to V. C. and station.
$4000— S rooms; new: attractive; choice loca-
tion; east of Telegraph, near Owight.
542SO — _ block of 0 nice lots, each 50x135; \
paved streets; east of Grove; south of
Vine.
{.0500 — An elegant 12-room modern home;
plate glass windows; nearly new; central;
near university.
LYMAN ALLEN, 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
$3f> A roOT for land on Walnut St., H block <
from depot; pplendld opportunity to invest; !
will be business prospect in the near future;
come and see It.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
Berkeley station.
$700 — FINE lot on l«ir,i.-a Ft., near oars; 40x
135; street work all done; $.V»00 — Modern up-
to-date 8-room home on the hillside; en- I
tirely new and up-to-date; large lot; view :
sublime. W. J. MORTIMER &. CO.. Berke- j
ley station.
$1300 — SEE this nobby new house on Cedar
st.: corner. lot: grand view. W. J. MORTI-
MER & CO., Berkeley station.
IF YOU HAVEN'T VISITED "BKAUTIFTTL
BERKELEY" LATELY OVER THE "KEY
ROUTE" YOU SURELY HAVE MISSED A
TREAT. A VISIT TO OUR BEAUTIFUL '
TOWN IS INCOMPLETE WITHOUT A VIEW
OF SAN FRANCISCO BAY, GOLDEN GATE
AND MAR1N COUNTY SHORE FROM THE
"HOPKINS TERRACE," THE CHEAPEST,
CHOICEST AND MOST ACCESSIBLE OF
THE VIEW LOTS. STANDING 350 FEET
ABOVE THE LEVEL OF THE BAY AND YET
REACHED BY THE ELECTRIC CAR LINE.
ONLY lOOO FEET FROM NORTH BERKE-
i LEY STATION. FOR SALE EXCLUSIVELY
BY JOS. J. MASON.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate Agent. ~~~
Corner Phattuck ave. and Center et.
For rent — An elegant, well appointed house
of 10 rooms, in the heart of the west portion
of the town; rent $G0. 1
For rent — In a good neighborhood, house of
10 rooms and bath; will rent to a responsible
tenant for $50.
j BEST FOR THE MONEY. ~ ~~~
) $250 cash buys 2-rtory colonial house. 7 rooms;
large paneled dining-room: corner lot; al-
most new; price $2350; snap; eiisy pay- ]
ments. i
$2250 — Good cottage; 7 One rooms, hall, bath,
basement, etc.; flne location; close. In.
$2€T.O— 2-story colonial house, 7 rooms, bath
and basement.
$3800 — Close to Dwlght way; new colonial
house; 7 rooms and bath; finely finished;
sunny exposure.
II. D. IRWIN. Lorin station.
?20, 000— ELEGANT modern house of 14 rooms;
corner lot. 150x135; In best part of
Berkeley; must be sold on account of
removal: flowers, shrubbery; beautiful
view; all modern conveniences. CHB-
l NET & BERRY, P. O. block, Berkeley
station.
$900— HANDSOME 3-room house, plastered,
bath, veranda Inclosed with glass, hlph base-
ment, with extra room, well and city water;
chicken house; lot 40x138; street work com-
plete; grand view; bandy to cars.
?1900— Fine large 4-room house, bath and
toilet; larre basement and attic, barn, well;
street complete: large lot; handy to cars.
C. C. EMSLIE, Real Estate and Insurance,
Awhby station. Phone Stuart 709.
N.-«. S4C — S2S0O: seven rooms and bath; lot ROx
120; in a growing neighborhood; a good buy.
$2-fJ0 — C-room house and four lots; city
vrat«"r; good view; two minutes' -walk
to etrcet cars, eight minutes' walk to steam
vars: the best bargain in town. R. s
QUACKENBUSH. Real Estate, Insurance,
Notary I*ublic, 2171 Shattuck ave., Berke-
ley. Cal.
FOR »ale in Berkeley— 3<J lots, 40x135, * noar
the Santa Fc and Key route and near the
South Berkeley business center, which Is
rapidly growing In population; these lots are
nil together and are offered at $260 per lot
for the whole; must be worth much more in-
ride of a year. For particulars write to
P. O. box 105.- South Berkeley.
) AN ele?ant opportunity to se ure a couple of
coort homes cheap, as they must be sold.
sr;7.",0 — An 8-room bouse; close to Berkeley
tuition: lot 40x134:0; modern throughout.
?T.r.O0 — Fine 7-room house; lot 45x.J0; close
to 'school and Key Route.
J1TSTER & BAIRD. 2137 Rhattuck ave.
! IF you want a n«*at modern homo In beautiful
I Iie-krlf-y tor ?l<>0 or ?20f> cash and balance
j in email monthly payments, call or write
j FRANCIS FERRIER, Real Estate.
2121 Shattnck ave., opp. Berkeley station.
WK can't sell somethi.-c ,for nothing, but in
all cases we give value received: we have a
'< luree list of modern horncn to show you:
easy terms. MURDOCK & CO.. South
Berkeley. . -. _ . .
•."jvjOO— House of C room* and bath; lot 40x130;
close to station ar.d car lines; for a few
days only. • .
I LITTLE & WOOLSEY, 2110 Shattuck ave.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD. W r ATSON & CO. (Inc.). *
1172 BROAD-WAY. COR. 14TH -ST.. . '
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE.
TEL. MAIN 35.
MEMBERS OF THE OAKLAND REAL
ESTATE ASSOCIATION.
WEBSTER-ST. HOMES ON LARGE SUNNY
¦ •*¦ '¦ LOTS'.!!
NOW COMPLETE AT THE CORNER OF
21ST AND WEBSTER STS.; WE HAVK
FIVE BEAUTIFUl. HOMES: THEY ARE
FINISHED IN THE BEST POSSIBLE MAN-.
NER AND ARE IN EVERY WAY PERFECT.
FOR PARTICULARS AS TO TERMS AND
PRICES CALL AT OUR OFFICE.
$2600.
Fine little five-room cottage, new and mod-
ern; the place is. on the north side of a fine
residence street and on a. hill.
$1550.
1 Good investment in flats paying $17 per
month; the property Is near the Point and tha
flats »re always rented.
' $1100.
Here is a five-room cottage on Adeline st..
near 25th; the lot is 2Uxl25.
$27C0.
Seven-room cottage with high basement; on
Union st., near 12th; good buy for the money.
.S37CO.
Modern home of 7 rooms; on Union st., near
12th; always rented, or would make fine home;
new and has all convent* nees.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO. (Inc.),
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE,
U72 BROADWAY. COR. 14TH ST.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT, Inc.
1060 Broadway. Oakland.
$1700 — A very neat- colonial cottage, 5 rooms
and bath; newly tinted; good condition
and location; close to Telegraph ave. and
cross-town route to San Francisco; small
payment down, balance easy monthly
payments.
$2300— Just finished; up-to-date cottage; 5
rooms ¦ and bath; all the modern con-
veniences: lot 40x135; located with a tine
panoramic view of the Berkeley /Hills,
Mount Tainalpais and the Golden' Gate;
or.ly 28 minutes to San Francisco on Key
Route; ready tp move Into; only $500 cash,
balance ' easy , monthly payments.
$2650— Cottage Of 5 rooms; porcelain bath with |
nickel trimmings; reception hall, with ar- i
tistic side window; dining*- room paneled: |
double china closet, mantel and leaded ;
glass bric-a-brac case; roomy kitchen; Al 1
pantry; 2 bedrooms and two closets; wash ',
trays and storeroom; a model home;
see it-. >
, $2750. A Bungalow Cottage. $2750.
, 5 rooms, reception hall, connecting dinlng-
1 room and parlor; cozy window seats, fine
mantel, bookcase and china closet, gas
and electric lighting, open plumbing, por- !
celain bath, . nickel trimmings, medicine
chest; must be aeen to appreciate Its good
value; close-to Telegraph ave.: lot 37:6x
116; see photo and plans at the office.
— M. A. B.—
$4000. ' , . $4000.
2 fine fiats of. 5 and 7 rooms each: mod-
ern in every particular; close to schools,
local train and business center; lot 37:Gx
100; rented for $40 per month to Al
tenants. .- ¦ \
* _0335_
$4000 — Actually worth $5000; ire are instructed
to sell an elegant 9-room house on Web-
ster st. at a sacrifice: fine location; easy
walk* to trains and business center; get
permit to Inspect the premises.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT. Inc..
10CO Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
WM. P. TODD OAKLAND REAL ESTATE
1070 BROADWAY.
$1250 — A good 7-room two-story house, near
San Pablo ave.; lot 25x100; street work
done; terms.
$1650 — Fine 5-room cottage, between West and
Grove sts.: near town; snap.
$18<X) — Good 5-room cottage, well located; street
work done; short walk to San Pablo ave.
and Twenty-second st." .
$2000 — Nice 6-room cottage on Forty-fourth st.,
near Grove; 50x100. , See photo at office.
$3000 — Fine, pretty 5-room cottage on Grcve
. St., near 3Cth; 33x116; easily, worth price;
owner going to San Francisco. See photos
at office.
$3000 buys two 5-roora cottages: lot 50x100;
near new ferry; rented for $14 each.
$3150 eacli — Two new modern 6 and ,1 room
bungalow cottages; fine lots; one block to
new proposed Key Route line on Fourth
. ave.; located on Fifth ave. and Eighth
st.; will be open Monday and /Tuesday
afternoons for Inspection. The corner
house, a two-story colonial modern 6-room
houre Is for sale at $3300. We are posl-
tlveljr going to sell these houses right
away. Terms . can be arranged. Thes3
prices have just been reduced from $3500.
See photos at office.
WM. P. TODD. 1070 Broadway,
, OAKLAND, CAL. Tel. John 971.
BUTTERS & BUHRING,
972 Broadway.
We will not advertise anything beyond its
value.
$1350 — Good cottage, 4 rooms, bath, base-
ment; street work done; rents for $13; 5200
down, balance $15 per month: no better chance
In Oakland for one on salary, making a good
home where property values are increasing:
close to all conveniences; it will rent for $15
per month 1 now.
Double cottage, 0 rooms; new; rents $40 per
month; close to broad-gauge local station,
schools and electric cars; Street work done;
good well, stable; $2000 mortgage can remain;
must- be sold; reasonable offer considered; «ee
us at once.
$700— Large lot in Berkeley; 50x150; street
sewered, macadamized; 2 blocks east of San
Pablo ave., near. "Key" route line; $25 down,
$10 per month; save your money and have a
place of your own.
. - ..
BUTTERS & BUHRING,
072 Broadway.
A<'V" B.' M. DODGE & SON.
11C0 BROADWAY. PHONE LAKE 8«.
SEE OUR AD IN TO-DAY'S CHRONICLE
FOR A DESCRIPTION OF THE MOST
BEAUTIFUL BUILDING LOTS IN ALL
OAKLAND. THE CITY OF BEAUTIFUL
HOMES. THE LOTS ARE 35- MINUTES' :
RIDE FROM S. F. SEE THE AD. SEE US.
$3350 — Practically a foreclosure sale; mortgage {
and' accrued interest about equal to sell- I
ing price; nearly new colonial house, 0 J
large rooms, six blocks to S. P. local
station; on E. 16th-st. car line.
$1625 — Choicest North Berkeley building lot;
very fine view; Euclid ave., near Hill-
Bide; near cars and local to city.
B. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 Broadway.
$2250— COTTAGE; 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x
103; within six blocks of City Hall.
$2250— Modern cottage; G rooms and bath; lot
40x128; on Cheat nut St., near 34th, and near
key route depot.
$4000 — two new flats of 5 and 6 rooms: modern;
well and windmill; lot 25xlC0; rent $42 per
month. - . .
$2000 — House: 6 rooms and bath: cement base-
ment and barn; lot 00x150; near St. Mary's
College. ¦: ¦
HUGH M. CAMERON, '
1058 BROADWAY.
$10,000— FINE, corner on San Pablo ave.. 120x
140 feet; house of 12 rooms, bath, etc.; will
sell lot and move buildings if desired by
purchaser.
•3000 — 50x70 feet; fine business corner; near
Broadway. W. F.»O'BANION. <
458 Ninth. at.. Oakland.
INVESTORS— STUPENDOUS BARGAIN.
5-acre tract in Oakland; subdivided; .near
"Key Route" trains: 7 car lines: -elevation
128 feet; macadamized streets; city -water:
sewer*;- prices sure to advance during this
year from 30 to 40 per cent. Address AL-
BERT S. • DAY, 570 Twenty-fourth st .___ _
OAKLAND MPLSES TO LET.
BIG ! catalogue "of ' houses. - both" for salo jj and
rent Issued every Monday -morning; get it.
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
Member .'of the Oakland Real Estate Assn.
ADELINE, 871— Sunny front suits; hot water;
-'cheap; also others; with or without board;
$20 up. . ' ¦£ .
2 FINE sunny front ' rooms, 'with board, to
rent- at'1363 Webster. Bt.; ; Oakland.
OAKLAND ¦" FURXITURE FOR SALEi
TO-MORROW the day for . bargains In furni-'
, tnre. H. Bchellhaaa.llth sf.cor.store.Oakland.
sliwiNG~MAcm>EsT^Dr£UP^^i
NEWHOME- -See ' our J new 'trlple-lce«d ina-
chlnes; ollghtly; used;' $10. $15.t $20; second-
hand. $3. $5, ' $8 ; all styles ; guaranteed. - New
Home" Sewing Machine Co.. % 1051 Market st.
$1(1 50— NEW Improved drop-head nlckel-flnlsh:
guaranteed 10 yrs. : 2d-hand sewing machines
$2 IV. $3. $4. 145 6th st.; tel. Jessie 3130.
MEDICAL. ;
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30 .
years' .experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregutaritles; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOCS^i Market it., opp. 5th. •
VALPEAU'S female pills; best rerulattng pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
enly on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. .
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or I
- In trouble consult this specialist on femal*
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new method: 1 week's treat-
rnent free. Dr. Cottli.gham. 204 Sutter st.
MRB. D. ALLEN. MIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: bes* medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. «.X1 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in cbstetrics. female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to S; 25 year*" exP*r.
DR.- ROSEN resides 2995 Foisom St.. corner
2Cth; ladles, relit- f or no fee: $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market «.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs..-
MIXES ASD M1JHXC__
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns one of the most valuable mines in Cali-
fornia, has placed on the market 20.0W shar« a
of its stock at 25c a share, the par valua j
being $1. Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent mln- 1
Ing »xpert. Is In charge of the work and re-
ports that the richness of the mine Is gaining I
rapidly as the work advances; this stock will J
go to $2 a share within the ne'xt 12 months;
Interested parties can sec the quartz and gold
taken out of this mine at the office of their
fiscal agents
OERMANIA* INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
RELIABLE assayer and chemist desires posl-
ticn. STANTOX, 738 Fourteenth st.
aflSCELLANEOCS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machlnery.~McIN-
- TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating: sood over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR sale — A 5x7 Premo long focus camera; In
perfect condition and strictly up-to-date:, a
great bargain if sold within ten days. Call
or address E. W. HOPKINS, 687 Wisconsin
St., San Franci«co. ¦
FOR SALE — 3 H. P. electric motor, one cir-
cular saw bench, one 18 and one 20 Inch
circular saws. L. J. NEVERS. 135. 137, 133
Mason st, new building. /
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.." bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 9. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR sale — 15.000 second-hand bricks; will de-
liver in Alameda, Oakland or r*?rkeley. J.
H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park St., Ala- I
1 meda. j
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
i A — BUY'S, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
; gines, boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A FINE selection of trunks, suit eases and
tailor-made rutts sold on small weekly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing 'Parlors. 25 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS, sllghtfy used. eo5d at cost: !
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog j
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. Ban Francisco. !
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. %1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 0 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
3t£c ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 Webster. TeL Jackson 1331.
FOR SALE — 50 horse-power traction engine;
good condition. Inquire THE RICHARD-
SON CO.. 6 California • st.
AN ocean beach lot, 25x200. for sale; very
cheap on account of leaving State. Address
box 3201. Call. _^
ANDERSON Poultry Yards, 29 Vlcksburg st..
near 23d — Black Minorca and B. P. R.
cockerels. '
FOR. sale — 2 goats; Allendale stock. Apply II.
A. CRANDALL, 675 Kennedy st.. East I
Oakland.
PRINTERS — Bargains In type, presses, mate-
rial; call this week. HOAG. 513 Market st.
¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦
FRESH family cow; half Jersey and Durham;
$55. 291 Chattanooga St., near Twenty- fourth
GLENMORE pigeon loft. Elmhurst; largest
- runts, best pen pigeons; come and see.
$2 — ELASTIC stockings made to order. Fac-
tory 40 Ellis St.; phone red 2712.
A NEW steam table very cheap. 408 McAllis-
ter st. -y-.K ¦:-'
EPSON window lock only 35c; gives ventilation
and stops burglars. 123 California st.
ARACARIA pine tree, cone producing. Ad-
dress box 1019. Call office, Oakland.
FULL set city block books, also handy block
book.-. 2C% Kearny St., room 4.
$45 OAK folding bed, with mirror. $17. 22»
Franklin st., near Hayes.
GUN. ; 10-gauge, $20; cost $75. 3676 Nineteenth
street. .
AN elegant sideboard and bedstead at half I
price. 710 Castro st. . |
TWO Great Dane dogs for sale, cheap; 2 and 4 I
• years old. 523 Howard st.
A FINE Prouty Job press; second hand; good
as new. Box 798. Call. ,
YELLOW canary -birds and cages for sale.
1536 Geary St.
SAILING ark for fishing and, hunting. 32S
Bush St.. third floor, room 4. '
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 187.
MILES of pioe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SO&S. 109 Vallejo St.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt,
SLOT machines cheap: Chicagoea, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucka. BACIQALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS and 1 safes; see tha complete line at IS16
j Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON. BROS.
i SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
• MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
I MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
• bargains. Builard _ Breck. 131 Post st.
8AFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO., 122 Market St. '¦
Edison phonographs, records*, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 033 .Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Frrnont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
maTtP*. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opentd at 1008 Market st. ooposite Fifth.
Open until 11 r>. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
. Call. 18 pages, vent to any address la tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLAXEOllS WANTS.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.
HIGHEST prices paid for old gold and dia-
monds. - 510 Kearny st., near California.
"WANTED — Large safe; state size, make, price
for attention. Box 32W, Call office.
BOOKS and libraries bought. II. C. HOLMES^
1140 Market st.; .phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. V154 oth St.: tel. Jessie 2851.
A FINE lot of bargains in second-hand pianos,
Including such makes as Stelnway, llalnes
Bros., Knabe, Bau.a. Foster, Weber, Star.
Marshall A Wendell. Sterling ¦ and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. Id CFar-
rcll st. : no branches in San Francisco.
A; FEW: unredeemed storage pianos (also fur*
- niture) will b« sold to pay storage- dirt cheap,
WHITEHEAD'B storage. 103ft Market st.
CHEAP, square and upright "ptancs; new and
second-hand' organs: vrry easy payments.
403 Market St.. second floor.
NEW pianos gold on $5 monthly payments.
. JOS..SCHMITZ & CO.. 40 McAllister st.
' A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; >135. 237 Geary sf. /
$C5 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. JIORNUNQ BRO8.. 21ft McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-peda.l Stelnway upright piano;
¦„ p~*ect order; sacriflce^Keeffe's,285 O'Farrell.
S0HMER, Byron Mauiy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post »t
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham placa-' THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,* JANUARY 31. 1904
40
LODGIXG. HOUSES FOR : SALE — Con.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
* 3 Kddy st.,' : cor. r Market, and Powell.
Headquarters for roomir>g-houses. hotels and
' all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms; new- and up-to-date apartment
house ; luxuriously furnished ; '. 6-year contracts
for cheap lighting: grand new building; clear-
Ing 5400 to $600 per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 rooms; rent $95; fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears. $100; full; $2000.,
12 rooms; cheap -rent; fine downtown tran-
sient house; can clear $150 per month above
all expenses; always full; snap; $550.
5 rooms; Geary; rent' $20; fine little home; 3
rooms; rented for $25; price $200.
24 rooms; rent cnly $136; flrst-class condi-
tion; oak, mahogany., blrdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $70; price
?1SOO; half cash, balance 1}J per cent. ,
20 rooms; rent $85; lease; newly renovated!
and furnished; can get 16 more rooms; good!
thing; J150O. j
102 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; ieautlful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month: 5-year. lease ;*part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $85; well furnished: all new;
$600 down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
7- room, new, modern flat; $450 cash, balanca
on Installments; Income $43; price $550. ,v-_;
44 rooms; rent only $125; good furniture and !
carpets; 0-year lease; running water: new
building; clears $160; $1000 down: $2S0O.
8-room, new, modern flat: 4 months; ele*
gantly furnished; cost over $1800; at bargain;
slokness. gifz 5 .*¦
- 99 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high class location; beautiful
halls; everything . modern; flrst-clae* grill In
connection; best, proposition, tn city; called
East, ..•-_'..¦-
13 rooms; rent $25; some housekteptng; eltars
$50; barn* witb flna yard; halt cash, balance
time.
86*roon> family hottt; boa ton location: fine
lease; clearing $500 to 160 per month: always
full; fart cash; t>alanc« time; ewecr f'.ck
abed. • - .
8-reom tipper flat; corner: all sunny rooma;
beautiful little sem ef a fcome; price (760.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner bouse; prl*
rate baths; beautiful furniture; S entrances;
takes In |30 to |40 per day transient besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
•12 rooms; Post; eak furniture: Brussels ear-
pets: clears $50: $300 cash, balance on Install-
ments; pries $800.
£5 room«; flna corner; rent only $70; oak fur-
niture; newly painted and papered; clearing
$80 month; part cash; must leave city; |1MO.
7-rooa flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
.carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent 9400; elegant new building.
•well family hotel; beautiful furnishings: clear-
'¦ Ing $600 per month; every room full; will stand
the strictest Investigation; -location unsur*
passed.
i 19 rooms; m.t cnly $100; wsll furnl«!itS;
little spsrtaient house; reduced to $1109.
! Si rooms; eneap rent; golden cak fumltora:
Jlne bod.* 5 furnished new tn Jane; first-Clasa
transient; cleara $175; sickness.
B rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnlsheS; eak
furnltuT*. Axmlnster carpets; fceautlful Cat.
SO rooms; ctteap rent; cak and cherry furtJ.
ture; Moquet carpets; good lease; elearins; $123
fer moath: gart cash, balance time.
A-CAI.iror.KIA INVESTMENT CO..
ii'feor.® Black «901, I7?i a Market ft. ...
Batik References. " • • !
¦ Any if our* Sold on Kasy Terms.
A— GOOD buy; 14 rooms. K. of Market: fur-
nished O.K.; rent $60;prtce $650. 'Zt\i Market
A— 8-ROOM flat; elegantly furnished; Geary St. j
S>rlc« $60(»; easy terms. "U\i Market st
A— ft ROOMS, nicely furnished: rood Ice. : rent
only |22 50;, bargain; $*-'5. 7I7«i Market at.
A — 10 ROOMS; nicely furnished; light rooms; on '
Geary; only $550. CAU INVESTMENT CO.
A— BARGAIN: 13 rms.and stable. X.of Market:
good furnishings; piano, sewing machine; rent
I $3S; price $650; easy terms. 77J «$ Market st.
00 ROOMS; 25 fiTvate baths; NEW and JtIOI>
KRN; grand - entrance and location;' fur*
nished with latent designs of csrptts and
furniture; Income t ir.no month: full partic-
ulars, my ««ent». CAU INVESTMENT CO.,
Ti1\<t Market St. - ¦_ .
APARTMENT house. 50 moms: grand sunny
corner, newly furnished: long lease; clears
' over $200 month: *»criflc« $4000; best rea*
sons. See CALIFORNIA. INVESTMENT
CO.. Tl'Vi Market st.
C. E. IHNKLET. . PHONE MINT ?96.
1020 Market «t. Opp. Flftn.
Former patrons my best references.
Reliable dealing. Easy Urm*. • Clear title*.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part cash. Balance' monthly payments.
C rooma; rent $20: a pick up $130
20. rooms; clears $80; rent$10 .»:... $850
11 rooms; O'Farrell St.; speculation. .....$40O ,
40 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $60.. ..$1000
11 rooms: Post &t.; rent $40: »,Kift $4t>>
10 rooms: rent $50: clears $63 ;" terms.... $95O
31 rooms; eunny corner: rent $55 $lt>00
€0 rooms; Market St.; liquor license.,.. $4000
17 too::;*: Pine St.; clears $50.. $700
ft rooms; Sutter Bt.: partially furnished.. $350
22 rooms; California St.: rent $50; a snap. $750
31 rooms; Fourth anfl Market: a gift;. ..$1500
. 10 rooms; Geary mt.i clean* $40; rent $28.$5O<)
24 rooms; Leavenwprth St.; speculation. $1000 '
10 rooms; Bush st.; rent $37 50; only. .. .$450 :
100 room" ; grand sunny, corner; $7000
IS rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent $43....... $500
35 rooms; transient; lease $1500
8 rooms; Post St.; rent $32 j only....... $250
Grocery and bar; rent $20 $.175
15 rooms; Fifth and Market; rent $35.1.. $550
12 rooms: Polk St.; partially furnished.. .$450
63 rooms; Mission and Sixth sts.; lease. 9450O
45 rooms; partially furnished; rent $85.. $1500
H.VC. DECKER. ,
H. C. Decker. 906 Market St. ; phone John S31
Rooming House and Hotel
Broker for over • '
28 years In San Francisco. -- y - -'
I hay* alf the paying houses that are for sale.
All Titles Guaranteed.
Money Ix>aned on Any House. ' 1
Houses Sold on Installments,
Larze Lot of Flat!*. ,^'i
20 Apartment Houses.
'.'.¦IV' * Country Hotels and Bars. !
Houses All Sizes and
Prices, from 10 to 800 Rooms.
; Prices from $50 to $22,000.
Tou Can Save Money ',*.'.'
By calling on H. C. DECKER. 006 Market st.
60- ROOM elegant new furnished house: rea-
sonable rent: 4 years* lease; location Al;$450O.
31 rooms; Market' St.; fine' bouse; cheap
rent;. lease;. $2700. .-.'. ¦•
27 r.; north Market; new house; only $1900.
v 9 r.; O'Farrell st.: clear* $40; only $375.
PETERSON REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st.
20-ROOM lodging-house, with' lease; centrally
located; furniture for sale; rent $65" per
'month; fine well and windmill: rooms nearly
all taken; paying $184 per month; will bs
sold at a price that will pay over 10 per
cent on Investment/
YOUNGS ft BARRY.
2149A Center "st., Berkeley, Cal.; Telephone
Dana 205.
WHY pay rent when Andersen will sell you a
lodging-house ' on easy payments? ANDER-
SEN, 935 Market St., room 1.' ..-
10 ROOMS; cheap rent; part cash, balance pay-
ments. J. ANDERSEN, 935 Market St., r. 1.
FOR 8ALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST - IN THE CITY; LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. - BOX 2850,
CALL OFFICE.. : ' '
CORNER house, 56 rooms; always full; rent
$215 per. month; income $475 per month;
will sell for $4500. Box 577. Call of flee,
$550 — Best paying trans. - house with liquor li-
cense, clearing $200 monthly. Eureka. 719 Mkt
TURK. 114— House of 17 rooms; clears $65;
. must leave city at once.
LODGING-HOUSE on -Kearny st.. close to
' Market.; Box • 668. Call offlce.
-LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Lodging-house of; about SO • to - 55
rooms; rent must be reasonable and furni-
ture '¦ In good - condition; - Please If ' possible;
would : like it ¦ in good location for transient .
••¦trade; wllTpay cash.;- Box 795. Call office;
IiOpOIIiTQ-HOUSES TO EXCHAKQE.
A 34- ACRK ' "ranch ' to i exchange . for ¦ rbomlng-
- house. :r H. : C.i DECKER. 906 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.;
CLEAN, well furnished house of 13 rooms. In-
quire 207 Turk st. . " . ; ' '
COTTAGES ; TO ' LET. ¦-
DOLORES, i 639^-Upper cart of, lovely . cottage,
six rooms; ¦ $18: garden; : water free.?.
NINETEENTH. 3952— Six rooms and bath;
modern.: sunny cottage; r Castro 'cars.
$1.V— COTTAGE, '-4" large I rooms; gas: | laundry:
1 basement; yard., • 2331' Greenwich. nr.'Plerce.
. E DUCATIO \ A L— Co n 1 1 n ned.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1112 Polk et..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A LARGER ard better school than ever; enter
at once tt you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. 3. F. Business
College, 123G Market st.
SCHOOL of Singing— Opera, concert and ora-
torio- voices cultivated: method. Itallun: en-
gagements secured. CARLOS St. KELLER.
8B1 Geary «t.
AI*ti English and commercial branches, short-
hand typing, etc.; reduced rates till March
I; eve. speed class, $2 month. "Western Busi-
ness College. .
SPANISH — Quick method; dally lessons: $1 a
week 4 to A P- n». : advanced pupils* Satur-
days only 10 to 12 a. m. Room 42. Parrott
buildlng^J
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
st., S. F. ; a practical school of engineer. ng:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mfn.. mKh., sur-
vey. ass:«y. cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evK!».. Teutonia Hall. Howard St.. near
9th. Pn-f. Foster: society dancing taught.
PIANIST and experienced teacher: harmony,
etc.: parties attended. W. H. LIPSCOMBE,
313 Leaven worth St. ..-!'" _\
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrell st.
PRIVATE lessons shorthand, penmanship, Eng-
lish; day and evening. 602 Van Ness ave.
KENT Law School; always open: conducted by
practical lawyers 338 Parrott building.
LADIES wishing to Jearn millinery art. com-
plete system taught. 133 Post St., room 37.
SPANISH.French, etc. Prof. DeFll ippe' s Academy
of languages. 320 Post ici-tab'*! ' 871 :aWest prof «.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra, DracMet, 462 .Scary 5t.
PIANO lesaons. 25c half hour. MRS. PEClC
experienced teacher. 1013 Mlsston, r... Sixth,
SCHOOT. OP ILLUSTRATION ........ Day cm*
PARTINGTON'9. 424 Pine et....Nlsht. clrss.
£>IFLorME>T OFFICES.
CET your help at PINE JAPANESE EMplcfv.
ME.VT OFFICE and Housecleanlng Co.. l.TTJ
Pine. iif. j«p. it. c. Church: phone Polk 36t>g.
i OKonCE j&OKI.' *Sl Post et.: tel. Bush 135-
Japaneae-CtiliatMi employment «fflce; ;'u
Silsn'e* best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEL'M Empfoyment Office— Japane«»
Chinese fcelp. 4»i Fosjell. VtU MalnCTSi
A— GKAN'D Japatiese-Chtnese Kmp. orflo .«. «1-1
Stockton: tel. Orant 1«8: expert, reliable heln.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Offlce. 115 Fra.na.tln st. ;" phone Foisom 2S3d.
RELIABLB Japanese-Chines* Employment «f-
flce; all Kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51*3.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 2O years.
Tel. Main 19»7. .BHADLEY * CO.. «*» Clay.
EMPLOVMEXT WA^tEO^FEMAlX
A Yf>! "NO English girl wants ta car* fcr en*
or two grown children: has best of references
from last place In city: not leas than $20. C<tll
at ]>2SS PLTJNKETT'B, <2» Sutter St.. near
Powell; telerhor.it Mahi &»72. N. B. — Thia
cfflc« ct<ns at H:¥i and closes at C:30 p. m.
A EKCONI* Ctrl, strong, young; cood city
references, wants % tU.-». Pleaia ring up
MI8S M.CNKETT. Mala !*'?. cr writ* l.»
Hjtter st. rear Fowell. '
A Hl'.hT -CLASS OcanliT.attan cooks-, test ot
references. Can It seen at J. 1*. cnOSETT
aV CO.'S. 83* Kutttr St.; tfc?ae Main *~<»\.
STRONG, willirg Air.erican womari wants woxk
by tre flay; ft 25 <«y; carrare; carpet cle*n-
1ns and laundry work specialties: absoljtely
tctUbl*. MRS. V1IJSON, IT* roorth *U
rocra 10, f if t C:gtt. .
I'UESSM AKER. c^st ar.4 sj'.t maisr; cutter
and f.tt' r: mSy flrst-clias woik dar.a; few
mor« ergagrir.*r.ts t<r day In rflvate fam-
ilies. E. C. UAi;>S. $ben»a.i Ho us*. i«
Eighth st. ¦ .
iff coirr*t»nt *nt re:.at:» wensan at rcansig-
lr.g fcocstkeeper cr comrtnlon ti lady: well
el-ioaT«d anJ %<xA musician; ro objection
t> leaving city. Aitrtea to» S2I7. Ca'.l.
AN -ex(er!smc«4 nuise wl«:.«s encagrmente.
surgical or confinemeets: r*Dasonat)le; refer-
ence; carefal. ecorcralcal. Call or aJltiss
MBB. MKr.BlTr. 12? Wevnth at. .
WANTED— A jesitkm as comranlon, by a cap-
able-. rrflr.M woman; n<> cbjection to travil-
Ir.g; references gUen. Addresa .ROEEitTA
U. KEN PRICK. Ferheey. Cal. , .
t>REaSMAKBn. titstlance-!. goo« cuttsr «n«
f.tttr. wouI4 i'st a ftw mote encaassttnts
Xy tf day: city or country; terms, r*a*oa-
able. Box »23. c«;i.
GIRL who I* a good cook wishes a position 1st
a private family; wsges $5O. Pleas* call S»1T
Clay st., tear IMlmore, Sunday funooa an4
Monday.
A KKMABLE iieman wouM Ilka any kln4 of
hou.-tework or chanter work by tha <ay. Call
Cr »l!re»l MRS. K LEECH, li* Sixth St..
Erunswlck llo^se.
A REFINED woman wcruld d» d!ft»n#-roo<»
work In a small boarding-hous* In exchan«»
fcr room anl board for two; rtfsnac*. Eos
B12. Call oftica.
A TOUNO Swedifh woman desires a position
with a small family: caca-ble of Aotn* all
kinds of housework; fcest of reference given ;
dty cr country. t2S Jessie »t.. near- BeventV
8ALESTVOMAN wishes to »o to Bt. T«rala Fa??
as demonstrator for nrsi-claas *ou»e; r»f». ;
speaks Enyllsh and OtnnaA. KIS9 t71?
TER. 1»21 Scott st.
I*O31TION wantea !n flrst-c!as« norrt «*
rooming-house aa maAaa~er In 4inlna--««orM
fcy experienced party, or any place ot tru«t'
reference*. S13 Liberty at.
. _^ — — — __ _ ;
MIDDLE- AGED American !a«y wlshe* nous*.
keeper's position ; neat ani goci cook. Ad t
dress Housekeepsr. 42* X> st.. Sacramento.
A FIRST-CLASS ee*n«tr««» »a*t» Tine Whit*
work- hand 1 work s>a« babiee.' s«wln« » pe-
' clalty. Addreas Seamstress, boa 325?. CaJl.
_ r
MIDDI>E-AGED tomi« woul4 llk# day -srorlc.
washing. Ironing or housecleanlnj: food worSf
done ; f 1 &5 day. I>ox 3262. Call ofno.
DRE3SMAKIR ot «xp«rlenc» woulvi llk^ «. few
more engagements by the day. 403 McAHIt-
ter >t^ phone Foisom 3485.
"WANTED — Posltloa »» caahl.-r or checker In
good cl*»a rest*urantr experiencee; good
references. Address box 843. C?J1 office.
RESPECTABLE young" woman wants a plae»
to do housework. Call at 1 Cottage row,. o.T
Sutter. near Waftster. ¦ -
TVOMAN would lite to go out by the. day.
washing and Ironing and house cleaning.
Phone Red. 4611. ; ¦
COMPETENT nurse wishes position to taka
care of one or two children. 81S Fifth ave..
Richmond.
BY a flrst-class maid and seamstress :_wags*
130; city references. J. F. CROSETT A
CO.. 334 Sutter st.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation t© da
housework or assist; city or country; ref-
erences. Box 845. CaU^
A RELIABLE and Intelligent lady -would lilt*
a position to manage or talte chargv of -«
lodging or rooming house. Addres!#801 Ellis.
STRONG young German woman wishes wprlc
by the day; washing and cleaning; caa do
any kind of work. Call 79 Bay st.
I A YOUNG -woman wants work by th# day:
" washing and cleaning; $1 50 and carfare. 515
Mlnnla st. '
A WOMAN wants work by the day; wash In?.
Ironing: and houseclear.ing; ft 50 day. Bux
SCO. Call offlce.
COMPETENT woman would like poeltion or tin
second work In good family. 1008 Market
St.. box 4. ¦
A YOUNG lady wishes ' a position to U'<c*
charge of roomlnj-house; experienced. AJ-
dress 145K Fifth st. v
A POSITION desired by a .young lady is
doctor's offlce; bookkeeping If necessary.
1008 Market St.. box C. . ' ¦
MENDING at home; any kind. Box 847, Call
. offlce. ,
A LADY of experience would like to do cham-
ber work. Inquire 145% Fifth it.
SITUATION wanted by experienced govcrn«».
Address J. H. C.. box 303. Berkeley.
WAXTED-By experienced glTl waitress. p»sll
tlon In private family. K. F.. box 763. Call.
A WOMAN wishes lace curtains No wash at
home. Box 7t56. Call office.
POSITION a» eale.-lady in cloak store. Of-
fice box .1. 10ns Market St.
POSITION wanted by young lady a» ol<1 laly'1
companion. Please call at 1032 Foisom it.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 3C6A Te-
hama st. ' ,
SITUATION wanted as nurseglrl. Box 774.
Call offlce.
WANTED— Position by youmrladj as book-
keeper: reference*. Box 77n. ChII.
A -I.ADT would like to l?arn h«irdr<»?sinff.
manicuring, massage. 1150 Mission «t.
GOOD German rook wants dUco in German
family. Box 3252,'CaU office.
PLAIN eewing -at borne by the day. 38B1
T wen tj-firth su ;
CO^ACES---SlJDl. t KIIAy'--TO LKT.
TO let — Sunny cottage: 7 rooms: large yard,
bath, etc.: -furniture for sale; $30; 10 to 1
. p. m. dally. 1518 Castro st. . -
SPIRITUALISM^
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful niag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting
¦peace with the one you love; readings by
- mail mest satisfactory, $2: readings daily.
' 91; developing class Thursday. 8 p. m. 502
Eddy st. '
1 A— MRS. CRINDLE. materializing seance
Sunday eve.y- 50c. 328 Ellis St.. 8 o'clock.
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium: cir-
cle to-night. 10c; read, daily. 34 Uth. rm. 8.
MRS. KOTTER circle every night; 10c: devel-
oping circle Mon. eve. ; sit: daily. 43 Sixth.
MRS REYNOLDS, materializing seance Sun-
day 2 p. m.; 50c. 328 Ellis st.. S. F. .
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
flate-writer. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle Friday eve.,
25c: sit. dally. .'1000 Harrison: tel. Mint 907.
EDWARD EARLB. I0n2 Ellis, readings dally.
8:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday. »
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-
nteht. 8 o'clock. $1. 1084 Bush st.
~~~~~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
A BIO READING FOR A SMALL FES.
$1. $1. $1. $1— THIS WEEK— $1. $1- $1, $1.
. PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
.... The future can be told— -
TREE FREE ...FREE
If not correct.
Be will tell your name, occupation ani what
you want to know.
- Or charge you not one penny.
This Is honest. Is it not?
Re will tell all about your business, family
and tore affairs, whom and when you will
marry; how to restore health and tost »UaN
Ity; how to be successful; ht insures .you sue*
eess «r charges nothing for his services.
Hours 10 a. ra. ta 8 p. tn. Sunday 5 to 0.
826 >OTarreH at.-~— 326.
CASHMIRE ¦ ¦ CASHMIRE
310 Ellis at., cear Taylor.
The Only Psychic Intermediator -
of £ecret Tower In America.
Clairvoyant. Palmist. Trance Medium.
So atranga Is her work, without word or
Question tells you just what you want to
know; tells your nam« in full and the> name
cr the one you will marry.
- A-ll— THIS "WEEK— II
¦Wonderful, bewildering. Is th* work ef
Caehmlre, peer of all clairvoyants: tier read*
* lnan are a revelaUon; advice on love, mar-
riage, courtship, Tuisinesa, mines; reunites
the seDaratcd; gives secret power to control
any one in 21 days; removes evil Influences;
develops mediums; locates hidden treasure;
gives names, dates, facts; readings by mail.
MME. 2f. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; aha reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate deacrlptloa of the past, reveals th«
present happenings and portrays cventa to
occur Is the future; If you are In'trouolr,
discontented, or not satisfied with life.- cr
liave domestic love or business troubles, con-
sult thia great medium and you will b« told
now to overcome thes; valuable aivice in all
affairs of life; 2Sc up; a»tisf action guaran*
tted; readings ty mall. Tel. Black i3€9.
EXTRAORDINARY announcement: Miss It.
>Vtlle, 460 Geary at., clairvoyant and crystal
aeer; special foil lif» reading. for $1; when
others fail she ancceeda; ter power exdtca
the wonder anl admiration of even the moat
•kertlcal; gives full secret how t» control,
fascinata and charm any ore you know. love.
admire cr meet; If your busineea la not aic-
cessful she can out yo»i oa the right track:
advice on a!l affair* of Ufa; fco-jrs. 1>S p. is
FsilAlC'tt* Ecritlaa gyjsy, clairvoyant an]
palmist, permanently located at 11M Market
at., cor. 'lurk; {.mate reading* dally, 10 a.
m. to B t>. m.; readings by nail aa satiafac.
tory aa In person; 3 questions ar.awtred 91:
full life. f»: aend to«k of hair, date ot year
rf birth; don't sen A currency; aend poateffic*.
M>!ls-Fa»go rr.t.r.ey order cc reglstcra! letter.
ilRS. Clt. E. SANDERS. 41% Peat it— Mental
suggestion, mental telepathy cr telegraphy,
•nd new thought taught; successfully treats
disease by ment«t suggestion; call and con-
sult her aft once; BundAy by appointment;
i .-. t«isincss sitting* dai'y- Phono £€41.
RETURNED from her European trtp— Mm M.
TVIlIe. clairvoyant, crystal setr: readies*
dally »1: r.rs 10 to ». 46O Ctary. tel. QrtsqaiL
MME. RAVENNA reads life, business -*3 vie*.
rjm«« given. 23c up: owing to repairs at 3 €t!l
I will receive patroca sa» Howard until Fete t.
ItRS. A. It KROMENBERG. ralmlat. "cWi -
vo>ant, card reader; when others (til try nt;
gooa reading 10c. 72t franklin, nt. C. O. »V.
MME. "pARKHtmsT. elairvcyant and e*ti
teader; businscs advic*; sittings dally: 19 tj
IS a. m.. 1 to 1 it. tn. : S3c up. 38 McAllister.
MRS. I'ROWN, clairvoyant, eard reader, 're-
moveil from 132 Cth to 23*j Stb; la.S3c.,**.S0c-
, ilME. WALTERS, great card reader: U. 25c;
! gents lOc 651 Mission at., nr. 6th; t pea Ban.
OLDEST lady palmist a!»l card tea<ier in city.
1 S8»» Kearny. room 1*0; ladles, S5c; gents. tOc.
MIS8 WARD, for a few daya MJ Market, Tins.
j 11*12; i!tu dates, names, facts. Hours 11-9.
2I1SS 2EMD-VU. youcg gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; 1. 50c. g. $t. jit Frar.klla.Br.tf.Q.*v>
MMB 3JAS3CAtT. card reader; lalies, 25c;
gents. fOc. B4S Minna nt.
CLAIRVOYANT— 2303 Folso&i tt. ; Sis and 80c;
hours, 10 to 5. \ '
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-knqwa fortuiie^
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st. -
MRS. gHAFER. clairvoyant, eari reader: sit-
tlngs daily. 4 is Vi Jessie St.. bet. Cth and eth.
CARPET TPKATIXQ^JTO^CIiEAariyo.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
1 n. F. Combresaed Air Cleaning . Co.; Call
building, rhone Main S237. , < ,
WHEN y«i becom* disgusted with jour work
send for FPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Woi+.s, :;. r *-X57 Tchama «t. ; tel. touth •(».
"WESTERN Carpet L'ieafling Work*. 1S0B Har-
rlson St.: A I cleaning: 3c. Tel. Mis-ion 223.
HOPKE 15ROS.; excellent caroet beating: mat-
tress°s made over. 34.*a Howard ;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter et. ;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM A CO., Prong.
RUDOLPH & CO., carptt-beatine work»; prices
| reasonable. 170.% Harrlron ft.; tel. Mission g&>.
1 CONKLIN'S Sunerlor Carpet -beating Works.
333 OoMen <}«te ave.: telephone Kant 20.
! DENTISTS.
DR. lAJDIAnTm£u r«3^Ia7ket^ETeventh
—No charge for extracting when olatcs are
made: old rlatea made over like new; tectn
from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, tOc:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranttd. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
A. ARTHUR CIII8HOLM. surgecn dentist.
room 14. Phtlan building, San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 255 Kearny. cor. Bu.sh —
Set teeth $1 60 up; crowns $2 up;fllllngs 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; op»n Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
DRE^SMAKERSjiBrD SEA.MSTItESSES
McDowell dressmaking -— ~— ~
and millinery school.
Ladies tailoring, dresscuttinr. dressmak-
ing and millinery taught. Why not learn to
make your own garments, take positions or
start business? Enter now for spring styles
and positions. 1010 Market st.." above Sixth.
ACADEMY of Dresscuttlng, Designing. 4 #> S Sut
ter st. — Dressmaking, cutting, fitting; most
practical method: $5 this month to advertise
system; call. Investigate; trial free.
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. IU) Taylor; tel. Foisom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
¦ . Patterns cut to measure; eve. class: 1019 Mkt
.--"•- ¦ ¦]-- [ EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER enlargement at CALIFORNflA
BUSINESS COLLEGE; an array of workmen
are putting the finishing touches on our new
home. 901-825 Golden Gate ave. The devefon^
ment of this progressive school has been one
of the greatest successes of the West- 18 OOO
square feet. 35 rooms. 450 students. 18 teach-
ers. Write for 75-page Illustrated catalogue
The growing life and enthusiasm here will
be a constant inspiration to you.
AYRES, the leading business college 723 Mar-
«n 9 V e "*« b "» 1 »ed I? y*an»: »fe scholarship.
$50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing
arithmetic. Bpelling. etc; positions secured;
1 the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW Juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicant* re-
ceived frum « to 12 years- ot age; Miss Lillian
Muscio. . principal ; exceptional advantages:
largeet school of the kind in the West: send
for catalogue. „ Native Sons' Halt. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 21 POST. S.
¦ F. — Bookkeeping. ¦ shorthand. ¦ touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
¦ and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
THK Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
" for 'the university, law and medical colleges;
" . ref.. President- Jordan or any Stanford profes-
• sor; day and evening sessions. The Ian bldg.
BUSINESS ; C^AXCES.^^
A— $3500: THE leading restaurant of this city,
rent $150; surrounded by .'I theaters; private
boxes fcr ladles; a. flrst-class paying place.
R. G.'WILKE. 201a Kearny st.
A — $1600; SALOON; rent $40; place doing a
good business; clearing for owner at ' least
$250 per month ; patronized by merchants and
printers mostly; no night or Sunday work; a
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26^4
Kearny st.
A — ?12C0; . CORNER saloon on Clay st.. cear
Front; mercantile lunch; rent $45; establish-
ed years; Rood business. R. G. WILKE,
2«Vi Kearny st.
A— $S00; CIGAR stand on California st., near
Eansome; rent $40; value In sight; a place
where any man can easily clear $200 per
month.' See It. G. WILKE, 2G>4 Kearny st.
A— $1000; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
Just a few doors from Market st. ; owners
clearing at least $300 per month; will give
trial to purchaser if he means business;
sickr.rss of one of the partners only cause of I
sale; if you invest in this business your j
money is well invested. See R. G. WILKE, I
26 «4 Kearny at. " |
A— $40C0; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis- !
trict; net rent $(>5; lease; this Is one of the I
leading and best paying places in this city; I
no night work. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C«i
Kearny st.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
etore; close to Market and Stockton s-ts. ;
large stock; clears at least S250 per month;
full value In sight ; a splendid offer. Call It.
G. WILKE, 20 >4 Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn. 1 cart, 1 electric
plai.o-; 10 years' lease; rent $43; price $3000;
business very good: that is* all. For partlcu-
lars iw R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny at.
A— $1500; BUTCHER" sh<tf> In Western Addi-
tion; rent $40; weekly sale about 4 steers, 25
sheep; 1 horse, 1 wagon* daily receipts about
$40. See R. O. WILKE. 2C& Kearny «t»-
A — $1750; CORNER grocery and bar on Guer*
rero st.; lease: a good, paying business: fresh
stock: alt cash trade. Particulars il. Q.
WILKE, 26% Kearny tt.
A— $1400; CORNER grocery and bar on t)e-
vlsadero St.: owner has a fine paying busl»
neea. but family affairs compel him to
leave for East. St* «. G. WJWvE, S6ft
Kearny st. '^^^
A — $600; DRY goods and notion, ttors. with 4
fine tumlshed rooms; oa Mission st.; splendid
fhance for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. acla Kearny »t. ..
A — $1S€O; T1IC btst nyster stand In Portland.
Or.; a man with flret-clasa references can
leave S7OU rtand on t*e business. See R. G.
W1I.KK. V<i'/i Kearny at.
A-H55OO; BRANCH bakery and candy store,'
uitli living rooms; daily rtceipta about $10;
rholce«t locaticn in the Mission. Eee R. G.
. WILJCK. 2P«a Kearny st. •
A— $400; GROCERY and bar on Howard at.;
living rooms; rent $20; good place. See R.
O. WILKE. 2f>M Kearny st.
A— 3~PER CENT MONTHLY.
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
•i rlch-quic":" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling schema, but a refutable, established
..' business enterprise «n San Francisco; cleared
• $67,000 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
Increased $20,C0O to enlarge plaat; cill rr
'. write for particular*. V
OERMAN1A INVEST. CO;, 92T Market st.
ITINE grocery and bar. cotner north ot Market,
long .ease, low rent, $2500, part cash; corner
saloon, on water front. $1100, paying ftrewesy
butlncts. $2500, or will sell part; paying
businesses cf all kinds; hotels end lodging
houses fcr sale and aschang*.. ESTEI* .£•¦
CAHKOLI.. £1S Keamy at.
flOi*) — I'AltTNER wanted In i.rbmielnff connml*=
*ion business; no bonus required; your cas?s
staya In the business under your own con-
trol; have agencies for eevtral' large niami-
facturers: good references ¦ fitea and j«-
' «auir»d. Box 3254. Call.
TAI!.OKIN«1 and aer<?a' furnlsMex tu«:r.c««
for sale; doing? th« largest busUieas in oae
tf the test citiea oa Pugtt Sound; excellent
opportunity for two young men with email i
rapltal. Address C KOBEKTi*. Ml V»« I
!;e}o St.. city. : {
ETTTCHUn »\ov: estaMUTiefl b«tir.t«*: a£
the fixtures, horses arnd catt*. #.tc. : roo<S
trade; best atand in ??.• Mission; will »c«l
reasonat)!* tn account of private rrator.s.
Address for r»rtlcu\*rs, hex *39. Call.
ADVERTISING WORLT». .Colunbu*. . Ohl»-
Honthly journal tf Information, f>l*ns, sugr-
gestlona. Ideas for advertising, fiend *o-d-«y
for free sample cr Vk for 4 month*' trial.
STATIONERY and nitton •tort; * **oo4, c!e«s
atock; good traje; In a business location;
•outn of Market «*. ; must sell; t.tak« «>If».r.
Box M7. Can vtRot..
I'OTt SALIi— RestauT«r.t with »*r attached, in
Alahneda Coui.ty. in n. good, lively tot»n;
has * fine trade; cstatil!»he<l stout 4 ycata.
Box M3. Call offic*.
RESTAURANT mtn cf/pcttur.Jty. ef thorousi
rook with wife competent t«k» charge fur-
nisLed cafe; be»t hotel; city across bay; r».ut
boarded. Box 7E1, Call.
FOIt sale— One of the oldeit esUMI»he-1 ».t-
loor.s In the city; o»ner retiring. Apply
KL'HLS-SCHWARKK. corr.»r Kearny anl
Kjttey sta. _^
XtESTAtTRANT toe sal- in ltadlng hotel o?
fimall Interior city ef California; good trad*:
hotel trade alono paya well. Address bos
505. Call oflc*. .
FOU .SALE— Saloon on a transfer corner, in.
vicinity of several Industries •where sev-
eral hundred people ate employed. Box 010.
Call once.
FOR sale — A fine fruit farm; good hous», barn
and well; horses, cow, machinery and house-
hold goods Included. Address 715 Nineteenth
at.. Oakland, Cal.
BOOK, notion and stationery More on a prin-
cipal street near Market: 4 living rooms
attached; rent low. Box 942. Call of Her.
CEOCERT In Berkeley; centra! location; !arg».
exclusively ' cash business: big profits. Full
particulars Oleon'a Cash Store. Berkeley st*.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale; newly fur-
nished: lease: low rent; location good. Box
, V90. Call office^
FOR SALE — Butcber shop end all appliances
- on business etreet In goofl locality; buyers
only. Box 093, Call office.
FOR SALE-J650: restaurant, seating capac-
ity 86; good locality for trade: 15c meals;
rent low; 4 living room*. Bo» 551. Call.
X HAVE several first-class apartment houses
for sale: will bear fullest Investigation.
E. TRITTENBACH. 312 California »t.
STATIONERY and cigar store rear Market
St.. on a business street: established 10
years. Inquire bos 782.- Call office.
MAKE money going to World's Pair; learn a
good trade In two days; plenty work every-
where. Box 752, Call offlce. ~ .-.
TO lease or for sale— Stfmmer resort and
mineral springs in Lake County. HBN-
NINGS BROS.. Sixth and Alice sts., Oakland.
WANTED — A partner with $2000 for half In-
terest In an old established hay and grain
business. Box 851. Call office. ,
CIGAR stand; small stock; good stand; $100
takes it this week; reason for selling, other
business. 400 Ninth street.
TO exchange — 80 acres In Lessen County,
partly improved, for rooming-house or saloon.
Box 841. Call ofHce.
BOOK and stationery etora In Oakland; estab-
lished and well located. Box 1012. Call of*
fie*. Oakland.
SALOON for sale — Bargain If sold immediately:
rent $15; "lease. -703 Delaware st.. West
Berkeley.
CIGAR stand for sale ' on ¦ Montgomery et. :
location Al. Box 618. Call offlce. ,
FOR SALE— Restaurant In Berkeley; good lo-
cation. Address box 524. Call offlce.
FOR SALE — A saloon on Bush-st. corner.
Address box 630. Call offlce.
FOR SALE — Cigar stand; good business lo-
catlon; south of Market st.' Box 636, Call.
FOR SAL&- $976; saloon; good business lo-
cation; low rent. Box 543, Call office.
BAZAAR; news stand and book store near
school. In family district. Box : 985. Call.
HORSESHOEING and blacksmith shop; cheap
rent. Broderick «t., near Geary.-
WANTED — Partner with $1000; Investigate
Box. 709. Call offlce.
$1000— PARTNER for advertising business;
profits $700 month. P. O. box 612, Oakland.
CHANCE- to make a fortune; have you $200 to
Invest?. Box 1023. Call offlce, Oakland. . .'
FOR sale— Custcm shoe shop doing good busi-
ness; no reasonable offer refused: owner sick
in hospital; must sell Monday. T. H. NEW-
TON, 334 Kearny St., room 4. ,; ..r
DENTAL student wanted , as . partner In old-
established city, office: must have, some
means; good references given and expected.
Box 922. Call.
HAVE a few hundred dollars to Invest for res-
taurant; what have you. to offer? State par-
ticulars. Box 753, Call office.
"2-CHAIR barber shop, $50: flat of 7 rooms,
*1 50; saloon" with 14 furn. rooms, ¦ $800.
¦ Boston ' Real ' Estate Co.. , 8 Maaon st. . .
AN estabtisntd butcher busineea; $3(K> a week*
. rent $25; stable. Box 568., Call offlce. Phone
Church 4693.
A— $400;. CIGAR stand en corner." Inquire 5
Hyde at. . .-..,.;
A FINE piano business cheap for cash; inves-
tigate. Box 52S, Call. - . v ,
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued. _
A.. CAMERON &' CO....... Phone South 1000
'3 Eddy st.,, cor. Market and. Powell.
Headquarters for. all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses. ....$350 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors.. . .$200 to
Barb'er 'shopa -.'.".. ..$500 to $2500
Cjgai stands $^50 to f-000
Groceries and bars .$500 to $5000
Saloons'.'.' $3CK> to $10,000
Restaurants. ;..:.$3. r .o to S2O.00O
Fruit and vegetable stores . v ...$300 to $1000
Drugstores *•..'... ... ......'. $200) to $6000
Delicatessen stores ........... .$250 to $4500
FOR sale or trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for r'mg house or business. Cameron, a Eddy.
FOR Bale— Well-located candy. store; all equip-
ped for making own -candles; established 8
years; clearing over $200 per month; will In-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st. „
FOR sale-^-One of • the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 per' day; will
bear investigation- price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. t
F. A.- BROOKBANK Phone Foisom 1846.
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market St., bet. 6th and Cth.
A— MOO; SALOON, -water front; good fixtures,
stock; rent ?2t); must sell. BKOOKBANK.
A— $275; PARTNER in well established pho-
nograph and amusement parlor; ". Market-st.
location; clear 580 mo each BROOKBANK.
A— $900; CIGAR stand; Market st., near Call
bldg.; dally receipts $25; lease. Brookbank.
A — $S0O;. BRANCH bakery, grocery,' notions,
candles, cigars, tobaccoe; receipts $12 daily i
0 turn, living rms.; rent $20. BROOKBANK.
A— 1350; PARTNER In well established offlce
business; no experience required; this is a>
. fine chance for party who Is satisfied with
$100 month; Investigate. See BROOKBANK.
A— BRANCH bakery, candles, notions, etc.; S
furn. living rms.; make offer. BROOKBANK.
A— ?3L'5; CIGAR stand; near Market; best lo-
cation; large stock; laundry pays rent. See
BROOKBANK. >
A— $2250: GROCERT and bar; corner; rent
. $45; 3 furnished rooms;, good trade. UNION
BUSINESS EXCHANGE. P03 Market at.
A— ?550; lodging-house, 12 rooms; north Mkt.
$8.V> — Lodging-house. 14 rooms; north Mkt.
S*(X>~ Cigar stand; good stock: north Mkt.
J50W — Uranclt bakery: fruits and vegetables:
groceries; living- rooms; 'lo\r rent: good Ioca>
tion. L'nson gustnesa Eichange. 093 Market.
A— LIST your business for «al» with UNION
BUSINESS EXCHANGE, 893 Market 8t.
A — Wanted, a paying roadhouse, property In-
cluded, within 100 miles of Saa Francisco, or
will buy auitable location for one. UNION
BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 09S Market St.
A- KRCDO & CO.,
/ 765 Market st. Phone Black «872.
?3000— Roadhouse, 15 rooms, Butte County
?2500— Hotel ; across the bay: resort.
$5000— Hotel, 31 rms., realty: clears f250.
$450— Saloon; worth 5I5OO; sickness.
$450— Ci«rar stand ; carhouse transfer corner.
$900— Grocery and bar; south Mkt.; a mint.
«5-xoom lodsjing-nous*; modern: $2850.
SC-room iodglng-Siouse; clears $150; $2250.
Big Sis* at ou? otflcp.. KKEDO & _"0.
1*25- |423
sHosir-oiiDEn house.. -.42
Mutt fc. eol4 |a a a»yt.
3tl«nt 125. Stecelpts $30.
__- A.-STfiyognG. ?8SH- Market tt.
TEN PER CENT MONTH!*?.
;v» ere. paying b to 12 ff«r t«nt ieml-montMtf
!n our co-ojpieraJlve business; fio board oJ trad»
tr mining Bc»»eme. ».ut absolutely safe, rella-
»)1» businesB, cc^.rtveted ».$• competent p*>opl(j;
nill Lea? tiillest InvesOigatlon; « few thou-
sand more rar« be used to a<*«.-anta«e In tmis
b-isin»ss; 6iibscrit,»io7is *2(« an<J upward.
HRK?» t 'AK & nx».. »5 La'galle Calcagg.
lJUSrKESS f.nanc*^-Ahout »500O win'pu?chas»
». (Scpattment »tor« in th« t«st tows of S5W»
in Northern Californt*; It's a *nap; must l».
•old in SVbruuiy |f told; Apri: and Hay
•vusSness «i:t tiet tis ffiOOC»; It can you; if you
, mean business, writ*; reason, ttlwr K>u«inees.
Address tx>* J*5, Call «?fl«.
Z'tSEK — O.«.* new fccok, "Su«-ge&»io»is to gpeeu.
l*tc*s." descrifainac optioa traciis.jr. containing
ralu«bl« !nformittlo;i about wheat; Indispens-
able fo? bucc«;ss. OSHOftN OKAIN CO.,
S*inr.«ariol£e. 3>Tlf.r.
STOIl eale— largest tailoring *it^Mi«hm«nt in
Eureka; templet* Mock, *ll new goode; *tore>
fixtures and Workshiji, implement*; well rs-
• *ablisbe<l business; best location. Ad<!res.« J.
V. ENGLISH., 318 !" St.. Eurrka, C»J.
OUR new "Duplex-Scale Syst»m** won o**r 200
rtr cent in the part 22 «ia>« on Frisco r«cc«;
for rroof* and referencee aek any smbscrlber'
on «ur list, or «-«,Uj>nd investigate; ex{>lana«
tioit frtc to regular. ».ubsc»iber» at our offlcj*
onty; commission* handled on this »ystem for
25 per cent vt th* net weekly j.ronts. Terms
. for our Handicap sheets, $2 per tlr«y or $1U
per week. N. S. HAND, expert handi?apper,
rooms 1..* and 3, 113 Stockton St., S. S%
STOCK OK BOXfc ISSUE " ' % "
Kit reputable corpora tion, mining t>r Indus-
trial, wanted. llav« every facility toe sell-
I . ing same on' commission; give particulars.
P. O. box UG3. New York City. >
11050; investigate; well mocked, gooil r«ylng
<x>r. bazaar: must be Hold. 1600 Pevlsadero.
FOH *ai«^-Compl»:te dyeing -and cleaning
work*; good location. Boa B26. Call offlce.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisement* and subscriptions haa
been opened *.". 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ' _^
* , l.OnGlXG-HOUSES FOR » A f ,K:
; :; v.. /¦" ¦•¦¦'.•.' iiAinor; oriffiw. ' ¦ •-.'¦
406 Examiner bldg.. c6r. Third ana Market.
Fine front office*, directly over entrant*. -¦
Take elevator to fourth floor; phone Black
3607.
Title abstract free with each and every aalc.
"We da business strictly according* to law.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished, thoroughly mod-
ern and up-to-date from every point of view;
an Ideally . arranged house of 52 rooms; on
the eunny side of etreet and In an especially
convenient location; filled with a superior
class of boarder*, who pay liberal prices be-
cause of ~ the refined management; electric
lights, steam heat ana hot water in every
room. 3- year lease and low rent. MARION
GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner bldg. - ¦
UNEQUALLED terms; $400 down secures a 21.
room lodging-house. 3 blocks of Market:
whole price only , $1300; - we lend- you the
balance, to be paid in installments: - rent
only $60 and clears $70 per month. MARION
_ GRIFFIN, room 400 Examiner bldg. .. •- *
IMPORTANT: If you have $1500 to $2000 in
gold coin It will be worth your while to in-
vestigate this - 44-room downtown transient
house, said to be clearing $400 - to C600 per
month. MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Ex-
aminer bide . /
'PICK UP this 12-room house; full' of steady
no room rented for less than $10;
i all large rooms; will sell out for $500; see
my agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
ONE of the best buys In the city: 20 rooms;
strictly respectable; ; some offices; steadily
clears $90 month; price and terms of my
only agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
SPLENDID 48-room apartment house on sun-
ny side, north of . Market and on etreet car
crossing; electric elevator; electric lljrhts:
long lease; monthly profit steadily, $222.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 40C Examiner bldg.
HAVE you furniture- for. 21 rooms and I some
money? Investigate this 44-room house, with
21 unfurnished; electric ' lights, lease, etc.
Call on MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate
agent. ; •: :-¦-¦'- - ¦•'r-^i
A— $3000 PROFIT yearly and accurately kept
book*; house has a wide. reputation through
the State, and the roomers are mostly . law-
yers, merchants and ¦ bankers from ' country
¦ towns; lease; elevator;- 60 big rooms, ele-
gantly : furnished. MARION GRIFFIN,
room , 406 ' Hearst bid*. . • <
SWELL house near Sutter and Larkln: kltch-
en, dining-room, yard; 17 rooms; quiet, se-
lected roomers. MARION , GRIFFIN. ; room
406 Examiner bldsr. , ¦•>'¦' . ¦
SNAP— $1500— 45 rooms; NEW" house: NEW
furniture: 29 furnished. 16 unfurnished; rent
$3 room; lea*e -3 years; 3 blocks of Market.
MARION. GRIFFIN, rm. 40o Examiner bldg.
OWNER sick, and gone to the country; 16-
room, corner flat,' north^of 'Market; rent $25;
• price $600. See MARION GRIFFIN. .
NEW 0: months ago;,- 24. rooms;- central; .this
house will suit any one. : who wants a down-
town house, clearing about $163. . MARION
GRIFFIN, 406 Examiner, bldg. -
SWELL apartment house of -103 rooms, mag-
nificently, furnished '. a nd J full • of nice people ;
long leasii; clears $4B8 per, month. 'MARION
GRIFFIN, room 406. Examiner bldg..
REWARD— Quite 'liberal \ reward will be paid
any- one. who will flnd -an- ounce of. dirt -In
* my li-room house, clearing $52 ' per:' month ;
worth $S00 ; * price cut to $550. My agent.
MARION GRIFFIN," wiir lend you- part of
the money. Better; gee, him. .
IDEAU private . hoarding-house of • 3S rooms,
• located In -the most - aristocratic section, just
south of Nob Hill ; steadily clears $225 . per
.-month, -as- 'my; hank book will chow; all
sunny; rooms; it is : essential that I sell on
account of ill-health; price $4000;*', easy
• terms;- MAKE OFFER to my sole agent.
MARION GRIFFIN, .room: ,406 -Examiner
.building.
A 1 NEWLY furnished house; all oak furniture;
1 10 rooms, all rented; win seU at valuation of
•furniture. '710 Ellis St." . -
MKF.TIX€;S— .St'XDAV — Cnhtianed.
W, C. KEEGAX holds test seances every night
except Sat.: 10c: sit.. 10 to 5. 148 8ixth.st.-
TESTS. 908 Market. 2-8. Mr. Wilson. Mrs.
! Waltroan;. S. Katie Huessmann. Cowan: 10c.
; Tests, 000 Market: 2-8 free: Maxwell, Wrenn,
Hodgson, Lister; lecture Prof. Cook; music.
; Mli?. EBERHARDT. test meeting. 9 p. m.
."^50 i*2d. bet. Valencia and Mission; 10c.
|. ;
j Frirr.dshfp Hall, 3.™^; McAllister;- tests to all,
! lf>c: readings daily. Mrs. Meyer and others, j
| KATIE IIEUSSMAXN'S circle Friday eve'., |
\ 2oc; Fit. daily. UKK) Harrison; tel. Mint 9S7. !
KAP.LE— To-night. 1052 EUla.
j 3IKETIXG XOTICES.
j EXCELSIOR Lodge No. ICfl. F. and o
A. M. — Officers and members are re- *VV
j ppectfuily requested to assemble at /^fS \
the Ttmplo SCXDAY. January 31. at I
i 10 o'clock to attend the funeral of our late
I brother P.ORERT McDO.NALD. By order
[ of the W. M. H. J. OWEN. Sec.
1 THE California Debris Commission having re-
! celved applications to mine by hydraulic
jirocess from Lawrence Canatta. in Alesom
Dumas placer claim, near Volcano. Amador
County. Cal.. draining Into Dry Creek.-
tvhtcli reaches Mckelumne River; from Luigl
i end Vlctorlo I)* martini. In Railroad Hill
Crave] mine, near Calav«?rit«s, Calaveraa i
County. Cal,. draining Into San Afitone ,
Creek, which reaches Calaveras Klver. give*
i notices that meeting will be held at room Ott
Flood building. San Francisco. Cal., Feb. 8J
1904. at 1:30 p. ra. v
• ANNUAL Meeting — The reculcr annual meet*
Ing of the vtoekhclders of The National Ic«
Company will be held c.t the offlce ol the
company. S27 Market si.. San Francisco, Cal.,
r.a WEDNESDAT. the Sd lay or February,
1904. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. ra., *or tb«
purpose ot 'electing a boarl of directors to
»-r\e for th« ensuing year and th« trani>ac>
iicn of *uci» ether business a» may come
Lcfore cji» meeting.
3. T. DONAHUE. Secreury.
i ANNUAL Meeting-~The regular annual meet-
tr.g of the etockholders of the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco will be hel3 at the i
efnee cf the company In the Union' Trust
Comrary's building, . corner Post. Montgom* <
»ry and Market ets.. Ean Frandaco. Cal.. on
THUKSDAr. the tth «lay cr February, 1901.
at the If ur ef ? o'clock p. to., for the pur*
l>cse of electing a board cf Airretors to serve
{or th* following year, the amendment of the !
ty«latr* t>f the company and the transaction '
rf such other business as may como before
i the meeting.
CHAKLES J. DEHniNd. Secretary.
;THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
lh« Sierra Hailnay Ccropany. of California
; tijjl b# held at the offices of the compuny, !
: JCo. 229 Crocker building-. City and County
of Pan Francisco. State of California on i
; MONDAY, the §th day of February 1904. at
; the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose ,
i .' of electing director* for the ensuing year
] . and the transaction of such other business aa
¦ mar come before aaid meeting. Dated at
• Ean Francisco. Cal.. January 23. 1904 3.
f D TRESHWAN. Secretary. . ' -.
' ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the. stockholders cf "the Matson Nav;-
; paticn Company will be held at the offlce of
< the company, SZ7 Market at.. San Francisco.
Cal.. on THURSDAY, the 11th 'day of Febru.
ary. 1 904. at the hour cf 2 o'clock p. m.. for
; the purpose of electing a board of directors '
to terve for the ensuing year and the trana.
action of such other business as may come
[" before the meeting.
GEORGE A. DOUGLASS. Secretary.
A6EXT8 WASTED. . ?
COMPETENT oaksmea to introduce the r.em
Combination Life, .Accident and Health poli-
cies, told exclusively by the Conservative
IJfe Insurance Cfl.,: Insurance In force,
»21.W)0,000; »*tets. |l,40O,C0O; policies regis-
ter «-d with insurance department; reserve de- ,
rKJslttd -with State Treaiuter: cew writ:r.g
11.000. CCO cf buslnes» rer month In Calif or-
< ria; flbcral ttr.ewal contracts direct vit*x
¦j company; irprcsentatlves making big money.
Call or address the concraayt 110 Geary st..
4 th floor. Ran Frar.clscc.
i AGENTS— Automatic washers sell themselves;
one agent writes: "Ezliibite<] *amp!e to ten
women: took ten orders." Time required. 45
minutes; (reft over £50; guaranteed to do a
j wa thing in 30 minutes; fumlshe* Ita own
power; requlrta neither labor ncr attention;
I costs less than any either machine; free sam-
ple and exclusive territory furnished; $39
»«k guaranteed; thousands cf t«stlmon!»l».
AUTOMATIC WASHER CO.. : Station tT.
j Chicago.
i WANTED— Agents t<» atll splendid aitlel* ta
I housekeepers; all want It; one agent trade
$100 tn ten daj« In October; • r.ly tellable. In-
j (iuctrlous agents need apply; new artiste;
ready Feller: blr commissions. Addreis
JCBILEE 1RQN CO.. Omaha. Xtbr.. 15fc5.
; TO-MOnROW. 10 flrst-clats a««iticral. city
solirltort. and agents everywhere, to write
applications for our «utiart< rd gold fccn<t
1 rontrarts; <a*y work; low numbers and dou-
• Me commission. Gold itntnl 5IercantI!e Co.,
<ac Cro^jlev bldg.. Kan Francleco.
I "WANTED — Agents and representatives of good
address for a large financial Institution;
; r-iildlr.g and loan and Insurance mtn can
easily make from S20V to 1300 per month.
i Call or write Secretary, room 200. 713 Market
st., fisn Francisco.
1 BEGIN kusln<r*i for yourself; etop worklcg for
others; tre ••art you la profitable mall-order
r.u»in»tn heme; Immense profits, Addrtsa
rrantlla-Moaara Co., Denver, Colo.
[ AGENTS— An agtncy for a propoaltlon that Is
| a decided improvement oa bulldirg and loan
Is wcrtJi fcavin*. tireat Westera Improve-
! meat Company. Tarfott building. .
j OUR t«^k»t ¦Dotnt ata«a you aeiling natural dia-
monds; defy «f>ert»; drop #verj"thtn«; write
for outfit. Chapman-Tower Co.. Onelda. N. T.
HEM and %-omeh for city and country agents;
I weekly salary, eXperista cr omfnlasioft; eteady
employment. i'JS» McAllister et.. after 9 p.m.
! AOESTS, »tr*etme»; eenEationatt r»cket puzzle;
; every ofie wild, over it; sales #Borrru»us; um-
pie 10c. Valley Mfg. Co.. Mia<?l»towt. Corn.
' MES or women for out San?tary Aluminum
Coffee Xtakcr; eamyle 50 centn. Wisconsih
j Mfg. Company. Slanitowoc. Wla.
1 SOLICITOn anS collector of ability with eUy
recoinmtndatlore; good opening. Western
Rating Co.. 933 Itarkct at.
. |»ADT and gentleman agents wanted for a
) home-bulldlng corporation; big money for
ti^ht ps-rty. Boa 5S0. Call.
COUNT r agenis for gas turner: guaranteed to
prevent aephyglatlon. P. HOLL-\ND,397 Bush
Headquarters for best selling goods for agents.
Pacific Agents' Supply Co.. 1220 Treat av.a.K.
_ A»VEBTISEMEjrr_WBITXl!rCr.
! HAVING recently acquired througiT"exchang»
j of property three $40 scholarships in the best
I College of Advertising In the United States,
; I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash; the college teaches advertisement wrlN
Ing by correspondence and assists Ha grad-
uate* to secure positions; catalogues fur-
alshed on application. Address box 3026. Call.
ASTROLOGY.
CONSULT Astor, famous New York astrolo-
ger; advice, lessons, nativities; able-eden-
tine man. Book store, 12yi Market at.
MRS. J. FRANCIS, astrologlst: lessons; read-
lngs: hoars 10 to B. Suite 10. Hotel Langham.
ATTOHXEYr.AT.LAW.
" » W. H. BITTNER. ~ "~
ATTORJCEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322. Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for Injuries to
person or ertate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
meets for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; will:, probated; estates settled;
collections made in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and save money: no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNET-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yr».; rms. 1. 2, 3, 4 & 5. 1st a.
1122 Market rt.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. \V. KINO. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; al! «i*es; genrral court and office prac-
tice: no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 30«L
ADVICE free— *I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cues: divorcee, probate and all other law
cases; no fees tn advance;' open tvery even-
lag. J. M. THURSTON. 818 Market at., r. 31.
ADVICE FREE. ' -" .'',.¦¦¦
Columbian Law and Collection Agency,
Room 83. 916 Market St.: tel John 62?8. -
DIVORCE — Costs, $12: quick, quiet: advice
free: open evenings. 027 Market St.. r. 301.
I L. 8. CLARK. 327 Market St.: consultation
j free; no fees in advance; open evenings.'
¦BIK PS. DOGS. ETC.
Selling out Roller Canary Birds, mates. and fe- .
mules; Guldflnch Canary mules. 3168 16tb st.
BOAnpiXG FOR CHILDREN.
A LITTLE girl to board; good home. 22 U
Larkln st. ' ¦ .
coi.r.1 ; CTioar orrxaps.^^
BAD tenants ejected for ••*: collections made;
city cr country. . PACIK1C COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; ¦ u-1. i~46.
CXTRES BTTPTURE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER, 1206 Market et.
6tnd for circular. Why will you suffer {
CHIHCH SI'KY'^S. . _
-' ¦•.'1-soiC Memorial Methodln Episcopal
CBvrd). cirner i:ay« and Buchanan &t= .
::cv. Jni:n Ktepbtus. pastor-Iiov 1^. li.
lJakrr o!' Ohio will preach at 11 «- rn.
J'or.th'y lautical tervK* in the even;uR. w:t':»
: «4rees by the rastor. Sunday school at
1-:;D v »i> «"¦ H- Pcrklnjs sur-erintendcci.
Cpuorth l.casuc ai C:3<» p. m. livangeluiic
¦irviros every ewatal t* 1 '* weck except W-
nrciay sit T : l."> ..'i-l»ci:. Kr.-rv bo^y invit^i.
i,:un; Churclj < Methodist Episcopal), corner
': 'wenty-flrst r.nJ tali. *!•=.. Be*. F- f*. Lar-
Kln i'h.it . j>astor: residcnc» oil* Twenty-
:.tjt Ft.— Service* 11 a- »"• and 7:oU p. m.
• horus choir, under direction Robert Hus-
nar^. 11 a. m.. Bflbject. "Va^t Is a CUns-
U»u Saved l'P,.nr V:^» i'. nj.. "The Trig-
'¦tly <.f a Ocwaid. "
rUttrrCoagnssXtonal Cburch, corner Fort ana
liaton Bt«. — Her. tirors<? C. Adam?. I.i.rj..
lAEtcr v.i:i prexrh ut buth Mrvtct*. At_ u
n. m.. t^ic. •'<ain and Abel." At . :4 5
li. n.. tci>U. "What <:oo<i 'filing Eha.l I Do.
AH; are cordially invited.*
I'LYlIorTH Vonsreirational Church. Post *•..
nrar U'cbcter — Ttcv. I. C. Me-serve. D.D..
j»8Etor. Mornir.ft wnrchip et 11: sermon
tli«-nie "How «-hri« Makes t!;e Soxil to S'-e.
t-ervlce of sor.g at 7:4D p. m. The choir
Kill rojicJor the •'Mapniflcaf. In D (Rrdmanl.
xn<J the anthem "H!f..sfd Be the Name or
ih«» Lord" <<Jircnet. Mr. Uavid Manlloya
v>;!i siug the tenor solo. "If All Your
He-arts" from the oratorio •'KlUah' (Men-
rielssohn). Mis* Dorothy Goodsell will sing
ir.o cclo 'The Lord* Is My Lijht"
i Alliifr.). The paster's evening subject wul
be ' Traire." The people are welcome.
THIRD Congregations! Church. Fifteenth »t..
i;»>ar MJstion lirv. William Rader. pastor —
Jl a m.. "The Hidden Christ"; 7:30 p. m.,
• ¦C.'y'clif and th<f English Reformation."
Prefude: "The Firm of Boodle and Graft."
The quartet rrom th« California Theater will
!-:ng in the mcrninc. '
6T PAUL'S Church. California etreet. near
Fillmore. Kev. TVilliara M. UeiJly rector —
Holy communion. 11 a. m. ; morning prayer
-•itid nernion by the recto* II a. m.; special
•t:uticsl service, 7:45 r- m.; processional
t • rr.n. "Ancifnt of 5>ajs. ! "MaKnificat" and
"Xunc Dinitttls." "Anclican Chants"; an«
tl*tn. "Rock of Ages" Pratt), tenor eolo;
"Neaier. My «lod. to Thee" «.Boehm), Cbes-
i*j- W. rfufli i arm; anthem. "Peace cf
• i<Jruncd»: baiytone t>olo. "Ijot<X God
rl Abr«lism.'* J. K. Strader; offertory
¦Ota. "Th<- tvord }* My 1-ifc'ht" •Allltsent,
.\lr». L*-!icr.' OKVca; rcixs^ic.ial ryr:n. .Oa-
ward. Christian Soldiers."* John Haraden
I*r»tt. orcantet «nd choirn.atter.
TRINITV •^lurch. Bu*It and GougU »ts. — fl*v.
L>ederick V. :"lamj>ett. IX IX. rector. Holy
c-nir.»uni'*i. ":5» a. m. ; Sun<Ja? school. 9:2'i
r>. m.: snorning j>ra.ver, 11 o'clock; sermon by
wctor; eveninsr service. 8 o'clock: conftrma*
lion: «.!<Jress by Ilifih: Uev. \Y. F, Mchcls,
V. D.
C/ I.i*AT!T •re*byteriaa fhurch. com»r Jack-
*f>n and rillmore ata.— Hev. Jclta llemph:!!,
l>. I*., i«*s:or. Morr.Jns scTvic* at It o'clock:
frmon topic-. 'V<m<Jitiotis cf thi? Presence of
th'- eJoi of I Vai*-." Evening serviof ai 7 :::'>
•'clc«-k: i!>rmon topic, "Sad Discipl*? and the
« V>ro?afrT:iij Master." T^e pastar will preach'
at r<-l1i m ijtea. Sal>bath rchuol at t«:SO a.
m.: orcfacsUal music. Ohnstian Endeavor
meeting «. C:15 r- m. Prayer meeting V.'ed-
n««day *\rnjnc at * o'clock. All are cor-
t^ftlly invited. .- ¦.-.¦-..¦¦¦•¦•-¦¦¦ -¦-•••
FiKST *'resbytrr:an Church, Van Nets ave-.
and Sacramento ft.. Her. ' T\'illiasi Kirk
• vrulhr*, pastor— Services at II a. m. an<i
':'¦'/> p. in. Th«> i«astor will preach at both
pwrvlcra. Ssbbath school. 12:20 z*- m. ChriK-
:ian KMdeavor Ji:J& r. iu. and C:15 ji. tn.
Wednesday, rnidVeeV service, leader. Mr.
<iuth»ir. subject, "Boc'k of Isciah." All are
0 •••ndially Invited.
**W K*TSllNSTKP. Preshyterian Cl-.urch. corner
U>bs«er and Tskp »t».. Ha><?s. Haight and
Fillmare ft care convenient — Sermon st 11
« m. by Hex. ilerbej-t E. Kayos, thetnr.
"?JpI jerinuf Meditation." Cjenesif- xxiv.oS.
a in tiie evening at 7:45. iheme. "Help to
'i1>ose Who Trust In «»o«l." PFalia xsvtli:7.
»uu ¦!.- <K-ho'<| at 9:15 a. m. Christian Kn-
¦»»v«r »t 0:45 p. m. I*ra>*r meetiflK every
Wfdwsdsy evening. All invited ana vel-
eoase.
!.'.MT«R}.«N Church .First). SVV. ccr. Geary
ami :-..•,:¦¦ st*. — Rev. Ilradford I«-aviu,
minister: Kev. t'hristopher B,uea« surietln-
tender* <,f t-unday school; Junior church and
the >.;* i*\ school are el lft o'clock; Hiindar
?crfcice is at II o'clock. Mr. Lcavitt uiil
pict'li, R«bject. "^t. I*aul." Parents may
]"a\e <hil*ren in the kJndcrgarten-rocm »iur-
inH Musk by Quartet, under dlrec-
lion of II. •ircthorii-k. organist. AH aje co.--
(iiallv invited. Annual meeting of the society
>n Tuesday evrnint at S o'clock.
L'.\IT.\^y<?» Church (Second), corcer T»ren-
tietfa «n«i e'aiTi sir. <t«ke Mission or Valen-
«ia-n. <-at)— yhc I'.ev. Jay William Hudson,
minlKtor; residetic* 1 . 3<X» l*app «t. Tlie Sun-
tlay-i-hool mce*« »« a:<5 o'clock. \V. c. Max*
»tll tuj®ri»#<?niSpnt. At th,e morning service
»t l«| odork »ho P.ev. Jay William lludeon
w* ill preach: subject. "An* ITnfinlsheiJ Life."
liu.>-ic l<y OchftSUa and choir, unfler the di-
lection of ftitiish Clement. Special cvenir.g
1 »er\-ice* durittf I-Vbruary. All seats tre*.
FfRST H«ptis» aiiurcli. Eddy St.. near Jonea —
TU-v. Thoma* •l»ld-»*in, 1>.D.. pastor, llorn-
irp srrmon. II o'clock. Topic. "Faith, Hope
and I-ove." (JSlrtn school. 12:3f> p. rfl. Chris*
tian **!ideavor picetincs. €:3f* V. m. Even-
Ing sermon. £:.*X* *)Vlock. Topic. "Jacob's
WcU and Its e^ssons." Midweek prayer
service. Wedne*day. ?:«j p. m. Topic. "The
lxive ..f <:i:rist." .%I1 srati free.
J"li:fc'T ''liurrl) of Christ, Scientist, CeMrtl
I lock. TZi Ku15er St.. »>et. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christia-r Self tice $ervir-« at 11 a. m. ;
subject of le»,on-«*rmo?!. "Spirit. 1 * «un<J*v-
Rthool for children at the esme hour; Wed-
nesday cvenins meetl-n« a I ft o'clock; five
fadinjr room. QOfe tCearfty «t., rooma 50»-
51 1>; all are Tielconw.
THK PcopU's «Tiurch !roMs t«n'ic*s Sunday
fvoningfc tit KIks' Wall. 1*23 Sutter St., at H
o'clock. Pi.bject this evenln*. "Th« Spirit
¦ ¦f V.mm." #.eoture and ¦sons: service will be
il1ustrat»-ri. Soloists, Fred C Slanchester and
.1. 6. <; ;-.--i i Illustrated 1 teadinar by Mlta
Lean Ford.
A GREAT mass meetirrj tor men only «ill be
held this <Punday> afternoon a' 3 o'clock
in the Younp- Mcn'6 Christian A«sociatlon
Audit'.iriuin. Mason and Ellis ste.. Vo be
addroFfl hy Mr. George Bierce, * prom-
inent business man of Dayton O. Th*
Kniok«rbo<*e:r Male Quartet will eing an<?
all men are invited to be present.
THE Thonsophieal Society Colonel H. 8. 01-
ojtt. prcsident-foundfr— Headquarters, Acad-
emy of S.iences building. 819 Market st.
Public kcture at S p. m. by Mr. Thomas
Prlmr- of London. Subject. "Life Beyond
the Grave." Lotus Group 11:30 Ml m. Study
class Thursday. 2:30 p. m.
"WILL Man Live or Exist Forever, or Doe*
Death Knd It All?" will be the subject of
to-night'* lecture by the Scottish Evangelist
liobert Miller at Gospel Hall, 3036 Sixteenth
Bt.; near Valencia, at 7:15 o'clock. Mr. Mil-
!• r will also deliver sn address to believer*
nn ••£ar.ctifioa<ion. What It Is and What It
Is Net," at 3:15 p. m. You are cordially In-
vitfd. Feats free.
rTnCIAJ. gospel addrerj by H. A. Ironside
evangelist, in Gospel Hall, 17 City Hall
Kjuare. Sunday evening. 7:45 o'clock. No
«-oll<f"tion.
SPyPAY LECTCItES.
I>R. J. DEPEW KEKGAK'S free lecture this
"vrning at Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle. 909
Market et.; subject. "Imagination." followed
by vjr-ws of a visit to the world's great
i-jtthrf>rals; free ticket* will be distributed
for X-ra.- exhibition at sanitarium Tuesday
'¦vmiiig; question bcx; special music
MRS. ELI7.ABETH DEURESS. from the Los
Angrle* Scbooi of Metaphysics, will hold an
• Txn rjuestion meeting every Sun: evening
In the East Parinr, Goiden Gate Hall at 8
"' clock^harp: all interested are invited.
7 KTncR~Momirm- lewis. oddTtiio^l?
V.JS: to-r.ip!n, K o'clock; subject. "Science
v*. Nm- Tliousht"; admission 10 cents: Feb-
ruary 7. r>r. York, subject, "rree Thoucht
Ri>J Tree Thinkers."
SV. AMI TItlOnNATITA will deliver his fifth
Irt-tiinvcri "•Ma'.ior." to-r.Ight. « o'clock; ad-
:V,:s>sion. 25c: «<> Steiner at. Vedanta Society.
rnOGHnfiSIVE Spiritualists to-niRlit, Oda
v.-Jinr/n" huil.Jins. Srvont!j and Mcrket st».;
M:)=. n. S. I.iJlie. rpcakcr.
M CETIXGS — StyPAY.
"^''•W 'ecture. Henry Harrison Brown; nub-
J'-cL, •'Ciuestione"; to-nisrht Mr. Brown wljl
i;i\<> his monthly Icclurp :i:it« rr.nc all phil-
•tKophical quc-stions; brins j - ours and h*ar
*k"h»t be-eajs about it; many think Mr.
!<n>«n is at his best answering question*;
K-n. m.: frw. with collpcticn. Memorial
Hall. Odd Fellows* l>ui!dinr.
\V. J. COLVlLLt:— Farewell lectures. Flood
buIMinc. Fourth and Market »ts. : .1 p. m..
••ThoniMs r'aine and the Coming Universal
KcliRion of Humanity"; 8 p. m. <by rpertal
• «.ju^n>. "Tho Mission of Elijah and She
• 'tuning <if Mctsiah and the Rejrlnning of a
J>wcw Cycle." Music and original poems.
Gn.\XI» ?pirit messages given by Mrs. Hovet:
tlso Mr>. A. Oh-pw. spirit artist, will give.
m. tspirit patntinK away at 8 p. m.; 15c Sun-
(lutifr Hall. :»5 Larkln «.
*\A. invited to witness Mine. Young's
cenutnc fpirit messages to-nlffht, 10c: Mrs.
i-^ait' lecture; readings daily. «J13 McAllister.
MMi:. Si:i;LEi"S tests; lecture by Halim
Urooks. '-Th* Aotion of the Planctff on IIu-
Odd Fellows' building. 8 p. m.
I! RF. STOI >I ) A RD'S fiance*, foo, in which all
I'-jok-o; ihe. d«?d return; gun., Tues.; eit-
m } in ** daily. 27S Ninth rt.
A- MUS. P.KVNOLnS 1 full form iwanc*. Sun-
dzy, 2 p. ro.. 5»:. C2S ICllis *t.
alKS. HARLANir.S circle.-, evenings except
Mon.; to-night, 10c. US eth; readings 50c, SI.THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, ,: / S UND A V, ¦' JANUARY--: 3 U ldO4:
41
I EMl'LOYMEXT WAXTED— .MALE.'
BRICKLAYER wants work, city or country;
competent man. . Box 775. Call.
PAINTING, paper hanging and tinting; town or
country. SO Mary st. •
EXPERIENCED hotel steward desires posi-
tion; best references; Box 703, Call office..
EXPERIENCED night watchman wants work
In a lew days; references." Box 8258,- Call.
TOUNG man desires work Saturday evening!.
Address box S02. Call.
AH elderly man wishes a position as porter; i
good references.' Box 825. Call offlce. , |
MACHINIST wishes position; can do all kinds
of repairing. H. M. E., 37 Sutter st
GOOD man desires work of any kind. Box 827,
Cafl office.
A YOUNG man wishes a place on a ranch,
doing cnores. Box SOS. Call offlce.
WANTED— Situation as clerk; don't play
horses. S3 'j A De Long ave. ¦ ¦ ¦
GOOD boy wants situation In offlce. Box 54,
i 1 00b Market st. _______
POSITION wanted as bookkeeper; best cf ref»
erences. Box 6. IOCS Market st.
A BARKEEPER wishes situation. Address
JACK BROWN, 31 Oak st
• RELIABLE German, handy with tms. wishes
I pceitlon as all round man sn private place.
hotel or institution; furnishes own tools; best |
, of references. Box 757, Call offlce. j
j HANDY man, upholstering, painting, carpen-
j terir.g and all around work, wants situation
in country hotel, private or institution. Box
j 7.".S, Call office. j
i A SITUATION as porter wanted by strong I
; man. 27. or at any outdoor work; beet refer-
I ercr* as to honesty, sobriety, etc. A. BEN-
i NEWIZ. 1&C2 Geary tt.
j CLERICAL position wanted by capable young
man: operates typewriter: Al city references;
ealary. no object where opportunity for ad-
vancement exists. Box 750, Call offlce. •
A BRIGHT, experienced boy wants a position
as elevator boy In hotel or apartment house;
; day cr night. HENRY. 1333 Pine St.; phone
| Polk 3666. '
SITUATION • desired by mlddle-a*ged man and
ivife en ranch or private family; late stew-
ard and stewardess on ship: English. Ad-
dress A. TUCKER. 210 East »t. city.
GERMAN, well exoerlenced in wlnts and
liquors, wacts work In wine cellar or liquor
! store: strictly sober and Industrious. H. P..
; 179 Fourth St.. room 23. .
i MAN desires steady place to do light chores;
; understands garden and horses and house -
i work ; wages moderate If given good home.
i W. H. JONGHAUS. 1806A Howard st.
I HANDY man. carpenter, can do most anything,
: wishes employment on ranch or elsewhere.
I Box 0*1. Call efflce.
! RELIABLE ycucg mu wishes situation; por-
ter, elevator man or 1 general work. 13 Te-
I ham* ty
1 A YOUNO man, 19, living at home, wants ap-
prenticeship at painting; some experience.
j M.. 614 Waller »t.
POSITION- shipping clerk, packer or porter,
wholesale house; best city references. Bcx
7C2. Call offlce.
WANTED — Situation as cook by experienced
young colored man, In private family, ranch
or boarding-house. Box 764, Call.
CAKE baker wants position; married man.
Box 9BD. Call office. |
i FIRST-CLASS, up-to-date barber wants posi-
tion; city or country. Box 751. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted as coachman or gardener
: by sober, reilable man; years of experience;
first-class city and country references. Box
031. Call !
EMTLOYMENTv wanted by an able-bodied
man; handy with tools; good worker at any-
thing; In or out of city. J. F. 641 Cornmer-
cial tt. "
STKADY. reliable man would like position as
' Janitor, watchman, or collector; can furnish
beEt city references and bonds If required.
Box &78. Call offlce. .
WANTED— Position as apprentice plumber by
strong young man; 2 years' experience. Ad-
dres* 1286 Eddy st.
• POSITION as nlcht watchman: several years'
i experience; first-clam ref.: bond if required.
] Z. V. BLALOCK, Winchester Hote^
; A PAINTER, paper hanger and timer will do
work at special prices to get started. M. H.
Morris. 1014 Geary st; phone Polk 2159.
1 COACHMAN or nian about place: city ref.
E. TREMAINE. Roes station, Marln County.
i BARTENDER first -cla-s reference, wants po- j
*itlon. city or country- McC, box 638. Call.
' BUTLER or valet, first-class man. wishes a
pUCe. Address box 533. Call offlce.
I JAPANESE boy wants a situation to work
< two hours at night; hae reference. I. T..
bcx r;.2. Call office. -
. AT San Rafael: a Japanese boy wants a posi-
tion as schoolboy, or every Saturday; house-
i work nr waiter and washing dishes every
1 evening. F. YAMAGUCHI. 1304 Post st.. S.F.
A JAPANESE boy wants situation to do house-
work and help cooking; In city. H. 1IAJ1A,
B2SV& McAllister st.
YOUNG Japanese wants a situation as school-
boy in family. Address HYS. 514 Pine st.
» JAPANESE boy wants a position rs tchool- j
boy. H23 Washington ?t. ' |
i WANTED — Situation by Japanese; firtt-ciass
cook. Box 7C7. Call office.
j AMERICANIZED Chinese wishes position of
any kin3 in Hore or office. ED. 1011 Pacific st
FACIAL MASSAGE. J
! A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method: 7»0c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing par!or«. 764 Larkln «t : phone Polk 17.
FLATS TO LET.
) A— HOUSES ard flats to let; an immense list:
•ervice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will tav« you time and
trouble. Conies Furaiture Co.. 245-259. Geary !
»t.. on ih* »quare.
'¦ MODURN~FLATS! ""I
tacratnento. ;>704. nr. Spruce, fi-5 rn-.».j40-$3.'\
Washington. St";9. near 5-r-ruce; <) rooms. $70
P»l llaKl»s. near Stanyar.: O-o rooms j'j"
IIa!,-;ht 40C ii«ar \\'»b¥l«r: 7 r<>orr.» . . . . V'~i
DevlMiJtrc. 014 t r>. near McAllister; 7 rms.»n5
«."aJI forma, '.Ji»25',i, ntar Uuker; 7 rooms.. $50
(T Kartell. 1710. oear Fiiir.iore; 9 rooms.. J45
rillwore. 24i:5. near Washington; 10 rm*.5li5
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post ft. j
'. ALL of the most desirable flats and house* are '
Itsted In our renting Jepartment: let us slv» ;
ycu a iiet *nd help you And one in »h« loca-
tion you want. aTERUNQ FURNITUKE
COMPANY. 1039 Mark*; *t.; services fcb.o-
lutely free.
TO let — Handsomest, newest, cheapest modern !
f.ats in the city; 5 rooms and bath; $J7 -V»
l»er month: «unny cor. Fifteenth and Castro.
RIVERS BROS.. 2C5 Montcomery st.
j ELEGANT new tunr.y flats; %-9-!» room*: so-
cial halls: paneled d'.nlns-rooms; panoramic
view*: tvlth or without autcmobila rocm. i
Pierce and McAllister *t«.
1 UPPER sunny flat. .*• room», bath, sanitary,
plumbing and stctlr.r.ary wash tub.?. :t2S i
; Rltch «t.. between liiar.nan and Townsend;
rent S12 fiO; key on oremises.
J ELEGANT new flat: reversible windows; birds-
eye maple mantels: all modern irr.provrments; i
rent very reasonable. 1S15 Mission st.
317 FIFTEENTH . ave.. Richmond District^
New. eunny flat of 5 rooms and bath; $25;
cars r>ars the door. I
FOUD. 5.". bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
No* nn<\ Sanchez— Lovely upper -«unny flat;
f. r.xrqis: modern: rent t20: water free.
UPPER yunny TaJ. 3 rooms, basement «ind
yard. 23>i Freelon *t.. near Fourth: rtnt
f9; k?y at No. 2.V
SUNNY upper flat. 6 room*, bath. 2 large
attic rooms: modern; rent S30 213 Carl >t .
near Stanyan.
CORNER Fulton and Buchanan; modern flats.
C-7 raoras: rent reasonable; apply premU^t.
FLAT of ft modern rooms, path: rent $20. 22
Ilcndel place, off ICth. Valencia st.
FLAT. OSS Eddy si.: ft room* and bath: hall
and oarlor ceillnr frescoed.
FLAT of .1 «unny rcoms and bath; cheap. In-
quire 1S22 Howard ct
LARGEST list Cats and houses to let. LYON
A HOAG. 116 Montgomery tt.
NEW corner flat. 12 rooms; 2 baths: marine
view. Box 7&fl. Call office.
NEW corner flat: 12 rooms. 2 baths; rcarln«
view. Box 756. Call.
OCTAVIA. 262— Upper sunny Cat, 4 rooms and
bath; references. ¦
PIERCE. 2835 — Up to date; 6 rooms: lower
flat. .' ' .
A LOWER flat: 6 rooms, bath: $22. S334
-Twenty-second st.. near Valencia.
FINE sunny 4-room flat; bgth. wash tray:
adults: $lg. 1SJ6 Church, bet. 27th and 2Sth.
SUNNY -upper flat; 7 rooms . and bath. 1202
Buchanan St.. near Ellis. ¦¦ - . ¦¦¦-¦¦.-..'
TO let — NW. cor. Fillmore and McAllister sts.,'
7 sunny rooros t wlth 5 bay-w1ndpw»;:renl »W.
8-6-11 ROOMS. Just completed; latest Irn.
provemtnte. Baker St., corner Fulton. ,
LOST A>D FOUXP.
LOST— Red pocketbook containing papers and
certificate of deposit.'. Return WELLS-
FAIIGO BANK : and receive reward.
$5 REWARD; lost small diamond nugget, from
Mission st. to Native Sons' Hall. Return
to 3374 Seventeenth st. ¦ .
SECOND Oregon Infantry badge found. Owner
apply to Gatekeeper, Pacific Mail Dock.
LOST— Skye terrier, answering to the name or
"Bosco." 181S Turk St.; $3 reward.
FOUND— On Jan. 24, a Llewellyn setter dog,
black and white ears. Apply to W. M.
"VVILDMAN. Fort Baker. CalL '
LOST— A passbook with the Ilibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of James Powers. No. .223-14SW. The
. finder will pleare return to bank.
LOST— At Alhambra Theater, Wednesday. Jan.
27.- Persian lam?) neck cravat. Liberal re-
, ward If returned to Alhambra box office.
LOST— An Elk charm, initials "W. J. W.. No.
3." Kindly return to 303 Bush st. and rt-
celve reward.
. MATKIMOXIAL.. - : .
GENTLEMAN . S3 neat and refined, ha* a
home, wishes to meet , a . lady about same
age; a home person and with some means;
object matrimony. Address box 333. Call.
TOUNG rqatT. with good position: at a good
salary wishes the acquaintance of a your.g
lady, matrimonially Inclined, who would
make a good wife. Box 063. Call office. *
YOUNG man respectable good appearance,
with a good position, desires the acquatnt-
ance of a neat-appeartng yoifng lady; 00-
Ject matrimony. Box 760. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, refined, would like to
meet a refined gentleman, .sober and -some
means; object matrimony. Box 312. Call.
LADY would like to meet a business or pro-
fessional man who would like a good home;
no trlflers. Box 77H, Call office.
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, 1m-
| proves Its growth.stops falllng.cures dandrutt
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; atdrugsUt*'. hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 13U8 Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 406 Geary.
DON'T look old: be beautiful; our method
absolutely only cure known to science: re-
moving permanently wrinkles and all facial
blemishes. Parisian Dermatologists, S30
Sutter st.
WANTED — To know whereabouts of Martha
Shaw and Hannah Berry. Please communi-
cate with MRS. HANNAH BERRY RILKY,
Nelsonville, Athens County. Ohio.
YOUNG gentleman, stranger in city, good In-
come, would like to meet lady of good ap-
peartfnee and character matrimonially in- ;
clined. Box 7S9. Call.
5000 DESIRE correspondence with view to
matrimony: our large list with photos and
' P O addresses 10c. Address P. O. box
' 121,\Oakland, Cal.
HONORABLE, discreet man. willing to marry,
can hear of an exceptional opportunity by
addressing WILSON. 109 Central ave., Min-
neapolis, Minn. ¦
NOT how cheap but bow good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market tt
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures 'per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 221 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st.; fee moderate. '
RAG carpents wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer tn
carpet twine. In bank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 700 Fifth st. Oakland.
A— DID you see the exhibit in the drug store
window at Stockton and O'Farrell? ,-You
have another chance this week if you didn't.
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo. ; ladies" eults mads
to order; first-class Tfork: S10: with material
furnished 120 up. At M. WILSON. 330 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by . Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk st. : consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured tn 2 days or no- charges;
- guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket st. room 203: phone South 751.
AT lees than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor 721 Market st. . ... -
DANCING Tuesday. '.Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard St., near
Oth: Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
GENTLEMAN, 8«, ' good position and habits,
wishes to tHjrrespond with affectionate lady,
object, matrimony. Box 581. Call.
WHITE — Don't call before Wednesday evening:
you understand -why. BLACK. ¦
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 23.*; Geary, room £9.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson. 139 Post.
Bon Marche Pants Co.: special $S pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumrn 44.
MASQUERADE ' costumes, play books wIrs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elee-
trlc needle. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE nult »7 50: dress panti ~$2~30*
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bosh aift Dupout.
ALFREDUM'8 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for ;he reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100$ Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. '___
storage: and warehouses.
A-^EMPORIUsf Storage £ Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 7"5-
7.(1 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
f P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise.- :UK\ Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; $40
. Mission st; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehruas.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st: phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. II Montgomery
' Ft:: tel. Main IS<(>. Shipping at cut rates. ¦
JTYTE WRITERS A.>D SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally coud No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith ITernler, $'J5; other ' typewriter* at
, hlghtr and lower prices; rentals XX 50. . Thi
Typewriter Exchange. K!G California st. - .
A FEW good typewriters at ?•'to each; get par-
ticulars of U & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. ' ¦£.•'¦¦
A typewriter at any price: agents Fay-Sholes.
% 100: Sun, |40; Commercial, SC r >: Postal. $25.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS Sc WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, reoalred.
Webster Typewriting Inspee. Co.. 508 Market.
ROOMS FOR " IimiSEKEEPIVG.
X— WHY remain In cold rooms when you can
pet warm apartments at the Knickerbocker
Apartments. 1340 Pine at 7 ¦ ¦ '
De Normandy The—^-605 Post: housekpg rms..
$3 50 to lu'sb a week: running water, phone.
EDDY, 033 — 4 unfurnished or. finely furnished
rooms; private ; residence? adults: phone.'
ELLIS, 11C0— Newly furnished double parlors,
with use of kitchen.
FOURTH. 225 — Large housekeeping, furnished,
with large closet. - , .
GEARY. 1002— Nicely furntshed sunny rooms,
en suite ir single; housekeeping privileges;
running; water; gas; reasonable. V
GOLDEN GATE. 053— Front suite and kitchen;
also single and kitchen: $15.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1210 — 2 furnished sunny
t rooms for housekeeping; . private family.
HAIGIIT, 17S6 — New. sunny housekeeping
.rooms; furnished or unfurnished; bath.
- laundry, phene. . ¦"
HOWARD,' 23S1— 2 ".very large well and cora-
• plctely furnished room*: adults; 412.
HOWARD.' 1004 — Large, front bay-win. .- room,
kitchen connectlng;conip!ete;gas ran«e:cheap.
JACK&ONY 15I1A— Larce front and back. par-
Ion, ¦••¦ furnished complete . for - housekeeping:
also- single room,- suitable: for, 2 gentlem«n.
LARKIN; -81QB — 3 or 4 large' sunny furnished
• :¦ rooms with regular. kitchen: phone and bath.
LARKIN.' ', 819*4— Sunny housekeeping room ;
'.gts stove and running water; flO per month.
OAK. 904. corner Scott-^Two newly furnished,
tunny rooms light housekeeping; no children.
OCTAVIA. 125», ¦> cor. O'FarreU— Housekeeping
j: tulte.elocantly furnished; gas and coal range.
.PAGE. .278 — Two comfortable ' housekeeping
; .' rooms ;-««agonablc. ¦ -• ' .. . . •¦ ¦
SOUTH PARK. IOC— 1 large sunny room, cora-
pletely furnished for housekeeping of 2 men.
SUTTER, 823B— Nicely furn} .suit ,'ot rooms,
with kitchen, -phone, bath; private. : ¦ .
TAYLOR, 911— Single furnished housekeeping
room; gas range; folding bed;. 17.' . '. -
the Virginia! 1003 >.Pow«ii— unfurnished
'.bay-window suit: 'marine view: also house-
keeping rooms; -gas range; sunny; bath. ,
JiMPLOVSlENT WANTED — FEMALE. |
GERMAN girl wants position for Ilrht house-
work: does not speak Enelish. Box 3256,
Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work by the dry. 247 Clara
ftrtet.
WOMAN wishes to do washing at home for
laditrs cad cents. Box 704, Call.
A LADY would like a position to take care of
children by the hoar cr day. 2000 Fell st.
WANTED— A position as working housekeeper
c- «-are of invalid. 4(W Octavla irt.
WANTED — Plain sewlrjr; children's clothes
made. 1703 Howard *t.
A YOUNG lady would like some work at
hoa-.e. E25 Tolrcm St.
" <X)MPET~N"T young wcinen want positions;
cr.e firM-ciass cook or general housework,
$30 to $25; oth<»r ac general housework or
curs* Cir!. ?4.'j0 Market st.
EXPERIENCED trained .r.urse wlsr.es care cf
tick person cr lady in cor.fineme&t; best of
reference? g.ver.. Ill Leavenwnrth st.. S. F.
Yi.iUN"G married lady wants to work for room
and board; can g'.ve references. Box 75S, Call. I
INFANT'S curse wants eltuatton. Call «
Voanf «t.. eff Turk, Bear Larkln. * "''
IV5SIT1ON by your.g won-.an as working house-
kesptr. Address box 70S. Call offlce.
A LADY takes waihlr.g home; open air dry. J
Phone Page 1Q«7. I
GERMAN graduated teacher wishes position In j
Reboot r: ac governess cr companion; also j
tes.ches French. AClvtst F. IIIRSCH. Irv-
'.ngton. Alan-.eda County. j
NL'1'.fc-E g;ri. experienced, desiros rlac* out-
side city. Berkeley or Va!l»Jo prelerred; good j
»'-;ei-enceg. |jp» 97C. Call. J
JAPANESE c!rl wcultl like a fltuatlcn to do
¦ ? 1 • housework ar.d cook In a Email family; ¦
fpeaks ccrd Eujrllsii. Box 974, Call. . :
ADVERTI?EUENTS. eubscrlptior.s received at
Ca:i Branch Oiact, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
Yv'ANT ads a-^ti subscrlpticns taken for The
Call at Eatcn's Bazaar, C33 McAllister rt,
A BRANCH cffice cf The Call for the recep-
tion cf edvert'.recitnU and subscriptions has
b*:en cpened st JOOS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Ot»ea until 11 p. m.
EMPLOVME.VT WAXTED— MALE.
BARTENDER— Artistic. skillxul workman;
hotel or clubhouse only: city or country; hon-
est, reliable, single, quiet, obliging and petite
young German: references furntshed; had ;
:uil charge of hotel cafe fcr :i months while i
j.Torri* tor was In Europe. Box 3C5S. Call, j
POSITION as teamster two or four horses or I
for the care and handling of horses cf any
description, by a sober. Industrious, all- j
round neat handy man: thoroughly relia- j
ble; references. Box 772. Call offlce. <
YOl'NG man. 26. wifhes a position on good
private place, city, suburbs or country; care i
horse*. garJen, etc.; a Erst-class horseman j
.•ind careful driver; best of references^ Ad- ;
dress Coachman, box 801, Call office. j
SITUATION wanted by mlddle-ag«d man with j
-wile and grown daughter; wants chicken or 1
stock ranch to run on shares or wages; !
handy with tools. Call or address J. M.
STARK. 400 Ninth st., £an Francisco.
¦WANTED — A young man of 25, a competent
stenographer and typewriter, now employed,
wishes to better his position; references first
tfasa; wages expected $00 per month to etart.
Apr-iy box S24. Call office.
ACCOUNTANT desires position; excellent ref- i
erences as to character and ability; capable |
ef doing complicated work; wculd undertake j
to audit or write up books evenings. Address j
box 7l«7. Call office.
ANY en-.ployer desiring services cf an educated, •
•¦: • •(.-' • : and industrious young man of good
addrej-s, abstainer and non-smoker; city ref-
erences and flr*t-c!ass testimonials. Address
Lex 7»G, Call office.
HARDWARE man who can take charge of
department or can mar.age business, wants
lioslt'on, c'.ty or country; can give best of
references. Address rocm 3. 2174 Market, j
CREDIT man. ccrrefpondent and co'.lector. now
empleyn!. iesires change position; capable
of taking chary*; reference and bond; high-
das* propoeitlcns only. Box Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by an Englishman; janitor.
I<orter 8nd gardener: handy with all kinds
of tool*; first-class reference*; city or coun-
try. Box 2249. Call office. : '-'•"!
¦WANTED — Position es barkeeper; city or
country; hot* I work preferred; thoroughly
competent and reliable; U>bt of references.
Box 754. Call office.
YOUNG man. tfcoroughly experienced in cook-
>n« and ttaklns wants position in family cr ;
private boa<-<it»-.g house; references given, j
Box 7S0. Call.
YTED-— Situation as watchman or porter; 1
hsndy man: can milk and care horses; first- j
claw; references. Apply -box IO17. Call cf- |
tioe. Oakland. • 1
WANTED — By farmer and roe.hanic. posttion j
oa runch: has his own tool*: woman will '
keej, boanWs. if desired. Box *.iMS. Call
itfftce. Oakland.
fOUKO rr.an. good education, wants position
it: office; ' salary no object where opportu-
nities' for advancement are offered. Box 810.
• •ail oftjee.
\YAXTi:i> — Uy reliable rn<l- industrious man,
l^'.tion as gardener; flowen>, vegetables,
irui'is; veil recomtuended ; best of references.
Itox ICBO, Oftll efflce. Oakland.
BBIGHT. Intelligent young man. age 22. de-
rires lieht. neat position an bellboy or other
work in private family at once. Address
box 1O2J. Cafl office. Oakland.
INTELLIGENT middle aged mm has about
four hcurs daily to give ct moderate ware*
to any trustworthy commercial occupation.
Box fcS3. OaTJ office.
INTELLIGENT young man. age 18.' desires
poeiUon R« elevator boy in private hotel or
oth^-r work in r>riv»te family at once, liox
1022. Call office, Oakland.
A <iOOD varnisher and ptlieher on pianos, fine
furniture ard antique will take work !>>• ccn-
tract, or day work. Bcx Kl'i. Call offlce.
AN «!der!y m«n wishes a position a« houseman
in a private residence. Aidresr bcx 3251..
• "all o'floe.
TOUNG roan. 21, wants petition as grocery
clerk; 5 years' experier.ee; gooi solicitor snd
<Stlivei-y man. Box 790, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED instructor declre* position in
the prereratory dept. of nom* evtr.ing school;
Inference*. Box 7K2, Call.
fOSlTIOX by cxpeT-i«>jiced bookkeeper and
conTFpordent : 3t> year* of age: A I Ivcal
rc-rerences. Dcs Tb4. Call.
SITUATION v.ar.ted by n;ar. .".6. • porter or
!: userr.an work: also pood c:? horses; c'.ty or
country. Bex 62S, Call offlce.
PROOPRCAIJKR (Mho or '.etterprfss) offers
e»-rvic*s; could revise author*" MSit.; tter.og-
rai,!:cr. II.. t5W Mlrrion.
IjHA WINGS, mechanical ar.d electrical; con-
structed at home cr with employtrs. II.
HESSE. »4 Landers «t.
BUTCHER tvants position: city or oountry;
references as to character and ahilitv. A.
HARRIS. IZa Perry gt.
COLLECTOR having for mary years collected
for corporation » ants . employment. H. L.,
772 Linden ave. " ,;^
KESPECTAKI-J: young girl wants a place for
fiHxind wotk; lately from the Kast. Call at
42 JooEt ave.
WANTED — Position by man and wife to take
charge of emull ranch; f.m-clsis references.
Address box 741*. Call office.
BOOT and «hje «iles-jan from the Ea*t wants
;>'*ltion at on<;e; city cr c-ountr>-. Hex SI4.
Ca!l nfire. f rfilfi Tt__fatlffitffti¥¥ni£f
I'AIN'TKU and paperliangtr wants work by
day: low prices; a!i work ruarasteed.
SHIREV, *?A> Sixth tt.
NiGHT cr day watchman; city or country;
references frcm last place; reliable man.
_ Pox Kti. Call.
VANTKD — Pt.iitlcn by reliable sx'jns man <25)
«• Ofliv»Ty driver or collector. AdUre»» box
Ml. Call office.
COMJ'ETHNT rard'ner and m»n about place:
SKvner and steady; cood reference; steady place
n:utr of aa object than wages. D.ix S30. Call.
MAX sr:d wife wtthet work in the coon^rj"
«nan to dnve team." wife to cook for a few
p>eti. Call or address MR. TV. R.. 6M Mlaalon.
YOUNG men. honert nr.d reliable, wants work
of ar.y kind; ytate r.a?e«. Box S22. Call.
A POSITION* on a chicken, fruit or stock
ranch; wages or shares. Box S03. Call.
A VOUXO man wirfce* work In a dairy, or any
other work. Addre*, 100 Tehatna St.. cor, gd.
POSITION wasted a* second butler. Address
D, 447 Castro tt. ¦ ¦ j
¦.•¦¦-•¦ . ~~~ zzm
SITUATION a 8 a cook. 430 Howard «t
1: * N sjid wile on ranch: wages no object.
more for heme. Yoemlte House, room 28.
T< ?^9c. m^ n ' 1S - w '»hes work. Address W.
CP.OSSEL. 1S1C Mascn tt. .
STRONG and reliable young man wants po-
t:ticn of any kind. Don 773. Call cffice.
BARTENDER wants position: city or eourtry;
day, night or extra ehirt. Box 3246. Call.
BCHOOJ-BOY wants a Saturtav i o ». Box
Call office.
3OOD. strong, if Habit bey cf l» wither work
of aiyr kind. W. F.. 1145^ Missloa «C
: FLATS TO LET---FyilJIISHEi> ; . .
FOR rent — Handsome furnished flat of 7 rooms,
piano. 2&33- Washington st. ',.' \ •: '-
NEW, sunny, elegantly furnished flat. 785
• Cole st., corner Frederick.
HOWARD. 103S— Flat of 4 rooms complete for
housekeeping; $20; private. .^ . ¦ ¦ ¦ .
A FLAT of 4 newly -furnished rooms; bath;
1 cas. <»1C Taylor st. ¦ •
I ELLIS. 1S09— Beautifully furnished upper flat
of 5 rooms and kitchen: $55. ¦ ¦ ¦
FLATS FOH SALE — FURNISHED.
THE furniture In a 4-room flat for sale, cheap;
rent reasonable. Call .to-day. 11% Dykeman
place,, off Mason St., near. O'Farrell.
AX 8-room upper flat; sunny all. day; well
furnished: <W0. .513 Eddy st. . '.-¦ ¦ :
ELLIS, 431A— Nicely furnished fi-room flat at
a bargtiln if sold to-day. - .
FEATHER REXOV^mO^^
OSTRICH feather* and boas remodeled, curled
and waterproofed : gives a luster equal to
iiew; can b« worn a season without losing
curl. Potter Waterproofing Co., 60 Geary st.
BY cew. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 825 Van Nets ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FINANCIAL. . ¦' ' |t '
FOR sale— Sixty <60) shares of 8." P. Milling
Company stock at $110 per share; has paid
50 cents per share per month for the last
fifteen years; the company has all the ware-
houses along the line of the coast road 1 — at
every station In Monterey. San Luis Oblspo.
Santa Barbara and Ventura counties; cut
•this out: only one Insertion. W. E. BARN- t
ARD, 47C Tenth 6 t.. Oakland.
WE buy and sell all active stocks, bonds and
mortgages; carefully selected securities for
Investors always on hand.' Write, call or
wire for quotations.. ¦ .
WATT & COWPER-THWAITE.
Bankers and Brokers.
. ¦ Stockton, Cal.
$2500 WILL secure a great fortune; one-hair
interest in very valuable enterprise: no risk,
bees use security Is given; verbal Information
furnished- a rare chance for some lucky per-
son. Address box 3261. Call offlce.:
FOIf sale^ — La FlesTa Gold Mining Company
paid-up preferred stock, common, bonus; syn-
dicate. American Exploration Company, San
Francisco. Cal.; stock books closed. Box 3250.
Call office. ________L-^2.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
. nanclal Agent. .122 Emma Spreckels bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated. . financed, stock
floated. Starr King building, suite 226-227.
FUnNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Furniture of a completely ' fur-
nished cottage for housekeeping. 4 fooms, 2
' bedrooms, parlor and kitchen:
new only 4 months ago; price $178, or will
rent for $27 SO per month. Addrese box
S09. Call offlce ' - •
FOUR-ROOM flat; every convenience; sunny;
nice Dorch: rent $14. Call Sunday or after
0 o'clock evenlngg, 1432 Mission st. 1
A— flOO NO 7 combination coal and gas
renge; used 2 weeks; $50. 403 Valencia st.
FOUR rooms »o let; furniture for sale. 432ft
Tenth st. ',
FURNITURE WANTED. I
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD. auctioneer. 1S18 Mkt.: tel. Howard 2756
HELP WANTED FEMALE. -
FOUR hotel waitresses for city. $30 each: a
French second girl, $25; a French lady's,
maid, f25; a cook for plain boarding-house,
$30; a maid and seamstress, country. $30; a
nurse for 3 children. In city. $25; a cook for
German family, ?35; a cleaning girl for in-
stitution. ?20; a second girl, two In family,
$30; a housemaid for private family. $25, ref-
erences; 40 waitresses for hotels and board-
ing-houses in city, f20 to $30; forty-five
housework girls for housework in city and
country. S30-$25-$20. X: B.— This offlce
opens 8:30-a. m. and closes 5:30 p. m. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
COOK, no washing. $35.
Managing housekeeper, country. $40.
4 second girl*. $20. ; $25.
Laundress for institution. $25. ' ¦
. 3 maids and seamstresses, . $20. $25.
2 chambermaids assist with children. $20,
$25.
Companion and seamstress, i 2 grown chil-
dren. $25. .
Waitress, commercial hotel, country. $25.
IMning-rootn srirl. - young ladies' school. S25.
j 0 chambermaids and wait I meal, $20. $25.
65 housegirls city and country. $20, S2T>, $30.
Apply to 3i F. CROSETT & CO.. C34 Eutter.
OPERATORS ON COTTONADE AND WORK-
INGMEN'S PANTS. STANDARD FAC-
TORY, COR. OOUGH A Js*)., GROVE STS.
A— WANTED-rGlrls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at flO per week up; leading school In
West. 2^23 Geary »t.. room 13. , ' *
A— Girls to learn millinery now for. spring sea-
i son; both seasons taught frcm start to finish
I in 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
¦ salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
- day and evening class. 143 Stockton st,. r. 13.
A LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket tt.. cor. Jones, :00m 91; positions secured
at highest wagt>; day and eve, class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32V4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES. $3 to $15 paid weekly, doing plain
tewing at heme: experience ¦unnecessary; ma-
terial sent free everywhere; send mrnped
eddressed envelope for particular*.' | \Veb«r
Manufacturing Co., «1135 Broadway, New
York.. ' ¦ ..
I $10 WEEKLY earned by ladies working for
'• us nt home; material* free: rend addressed
j envelope Tor beautiful lace medallion, In-
i Mructions and designs. PALM A E. CO., 120
' Liberty ft.. X. Y.
BERKELnY'Sanltarium. Berkeley, Cal. — Com- [
p!etp for the treatment of -medical and sur- 1
Kic:U patients: more young ladles .wanted for I
training school. Dr. O. W. Davis, Mm Sutter.
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish ma-
terials ami pay S7 to fill" weekly. Send
' Etamped envfloce to Royal Co., 34 E. Mcn-
j roe St., Chicago. .¦
! IF you wlfh to earn money by writing short |
stories or acting a* 'news correspondent «d-
dress United Press Syndicate. 333 Postal ,
buildlnx.' Indianapolis. Ind. . i
WANTED— Young lady t tenocrapher. with
«cme knowWje of bookkeeping; permanent
|.osltlon to competent and reliable party.;
Address box 791. Call offlre. :V ; '.-> JV
: &C00 LADIES wanted: only an hour a day.st
your own liorm-s; make from {5 to $2. r » per
: week- full particulars 10c. GOLDEN STATE
I M. O. COMPANY. Berkeley. Cal.
' WANTED— Competent girl for upstairs work
I and waiting for family of 3; wages $25; ref-
erences. Apply Monday from « 10 to 2, at
; 1404 Sutter ft. -': ./- ¦
: WASTED — Lady of good address to sell a
i new article of great' merit and easy of In-
! trodurtion; nice, profitable work. • Box SC4.
j Call, offlce. . ' • ,- ' . A-'V>
' PANTO finishers, also apprentices: good ray
J while learning. Call Monday. 359 Clemen-.
Una at. < " - - . - -¦>¦-¦•
j LADIES — Mo*t profitable steady home work:
'• $9 to $15. weekly: materials free: nj can-
i vasslng. Address Surety Co. t Chicago.
1 $7 TO $10 per week hone mailing circular*
' evenings: sample outflt 15c coin. Zelora
J Co.. I-q Sal'.e. Midi. .
i WANTED — Bright ycung lady of tact and re-
finement <3« bust) as assistant to tra\-ellng
liarty; salary and expenses. Box 760. Call.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper with knowledge of
stenoffraphy:- salary $40 per month. , Box
7S(J. Call office. ...
WANTED — A flrft-cIaM waist trimmer: also
1 wain Rnd tklrt finishers: permanftit position."
j 330 OFarreli st. • -
YOUNO- women of cood education to train for
nurses In private -hospital; paid while learn-
ing. Box 849. Call offlce- . - ..- "¦¦ y
1 YOUNO woman wishes any kind of light em-
ployment durtne the day. Address box *31.
Call offlce.; '¦¦ v ' ¦' - ¦¦-"::• . :
ARM waitress wanted; $9 a week. 631 Clay st.
GIRLS make money .while! learning dressmak-
ing. Dresscutting Academy, 423 Sutler, st.'
WANTED — A girl for general 1 housework; $20.
Call IS32 Page tt. , . . . \
EXPERIENCED saleslady for' candy store;
call after. 10 a. m. 1409 Polk st. »
WANTED— Experienced sklrtmaker. also waist
hand*. Call Sunday. 1615A Clay at.,.
GLOVEMAKERS. experienced: 2 needle opera-
tors; steady. CARSON GLOVE CO. ,123 2nd.
GIRL for laboratory work. 2304 Van New ave.
EXPERIENCED girls to "make paper boxes
'for factory In Los Angeles; steady position;
good wages. Box 967, Call.
HELP %VAJfTESp~FEMAIiE — Con.'
A— THE DOMESTIC ,CT.UB» \
. < ¦ ¦ . 233 Geary -st., room 36.
Chambermaid and . sew, '. wait one meal. . .$25
Chambcrwork and . wait; ¦ ladies' school . . .$25
' Parlor maid, first class ?:'.o
Ladles' maid, French • $25
Second girl, superior girl to learn. ...... .$1S
Second gin .. ...:vvt7-.v7:^T.';v;"r.T.7::;.*25
¦ Girl, care 2%-year : child .and useful.... .$20
Young girl, to learn second and wait.". ..".$15
PICK HOUSEWORK PLACES. :
3 in family, small flat, city, references. .$25
S In family, good cook .......:.......... $23
:t In family, easy place, nice room.; $20
S in family, nice : easy, place ..$20
3 in family, nice cook, no outside work, posi-
tion ready February 0, engage now..$25-$30
2 In family, new flat and furniture, gas stove
or coal, very nice place, for, nice fftrl..|20
Second girl, good' at sewing, 2' In family.. $30
HOUSEWORK. :
2 In family, nice home,- good treatment, nicj
cook, references • .'...............$23
Call early for good positions.
WOMAN 'accustomed to 'teaching to place and
.train employes. Box 80«. Call offlce. .
OIRL cr woman to do general housework and
' care of children. 5 Elizabeth s».
GERMAN girl for upstairs work and waiting
at table. Call Monday. 10 to 12, .002 Eddy.
WANTED — First-class housecleaner. Box S29,
Call offlce.
WANTED — A girl ' for general housework and
cooking. Arply 2328 Pine St.
WANTED— A- girl for general housework and
cooking; call Monday. 1415 Van Ness ave.'-,
WOMAN short order cook,- waitress and laun-
. dress; Mpnday after 10 o'clock at 422 Turk st.
GIRLS to make wire frames: learners taken.
I Atlantic Straw Works. 104 Fifth st.
WANTED — Reliable girl; general housework.
3823 Nineteenth st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branchjofflce. cor.^Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED"advertlsernents and "subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
HELP. WAXTED— MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
£26 Montgomery st. — 520 — upstairs.
Phone Main 1191 — Phone Main 1101.
COAL MINERS, big wages can be made, $3
day, company work, NEW MEXICO: offlce
boy. city; laborers, country"; 10 woodchoppers.
4-foot redwood 80c,- pine $1 25. hardwood
$1 GO cord, good timber and fine water on
this job; carpenters: man and wife, mine,
¦ north, $06 and found.
BUTLER, $40; farmer and wife, $50 and
. found. «ee boss this .morning; laundryman
' for institution.- $23 and found; ranch cook,
$40 and found: restaurant - cook. (18 week,
andsjothers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., ti28
Sacramento st.
A BUTLER first-class family, city Call
Monday, jl F. CROSETT A CO.. 334 Sutter.
A MAN and wife for : Southern ' California;
wages $00; exoerlence and references from
last place necessary; no objection to 1 or 2
children. Call at MISS PLUNKETT'S. 425
Sutter St.. near Powell.
WANTED — A young man.- about 17 or 18 years
of age. of good character and habits, to as-
sist in lumber offlce work; must be able to
typewrite and do shorthand. Apply between
hours *of 4 and 5 on Tuesday, February 2.
1904, or write to P. C. L. & M. CO., Second
and Grove sts.. Oakland. - -
OPERATORS ON COTTONADE AND WORK-
INGMEN'S PANTS. STANDARD FAC-
TORY, COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
A GOOD second butler for steady place In
city. ?45:- references. N. B. — This office
opens 8:3n a. m. and closes 5:30 p. m.
sharp: call on Monday. MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter St.. near Powell. ¦ • .
WANTED b.y a Post-stre»t drygoods house —
Experienced porter: best of references t4-
' quired; single man preferred. Box S18, Call.
SALESMAN wanted— By responsible Eastern
manufacturer, a traveling specialty sales-
man of ability for Pacific Coast territory:
position permanent: salesman, must be capa-
ble of commanding $250 per month and ex-
penses. Address box 1501, Jollet, - Illinois.
A'-i- . . ' ' . : . ,.,;., : L\ < ' .r. ..- .-, . '¦ l
1 .Men >to learn the barber trade, In two. months
,'a'nd secure good positions;" catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
;Cclle«i, 035 Clay gt.
TRAVELING salesman for Callfernia: no
technical knowledge, • but active, all-round
hustler; established, well-rated house. F. R.
JENNINGS. Sales Manager. Detroit. Mich.
ADVERTISING, illustrating. Journalism, proof-
; reading, bookkeeping, ' stenography, electrical
engineering. taught: FREE: free, scholar-
ship;- mention, subject. Correspondence Instl-
. tute of America, box 240, Scranton, Pa.
MEN with ability and clean records can secure
proflfiable, . permanent employment soliciting
life Insurance in Grass Valley and Nevada
City. ..¦ Apply to H. A, EDWARDS, Bree
bids-, ijrnss Valley, Cal.
SALESMAN wanted: successful man, on com-
mission: big net profit for right man: specialty
line; clean, successful proposition. BARTON-
PARKER MFG. CO.. Cedar Rapids. Iowa. •
WANTED— Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade: wages paid while learning. Call
or address WESTERN COLLEGE OF BAR-
BERS. G47 Commercial st.. San Francisco.
"WANTED— Boy, 14 to 1*5 years, for offlce work,
errands, etc. . Address In own handwriting,'
staling ..'ago. nationality. If living with par-
ents, box 787, Call office.
WANTED — Young man • Tor mercantile office:
good penman: quick and accurate at figure*;
give reference and salary expected. Address
box 848. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS salesmen wanted to sell whips:,
responsible references required with applies- 1
tlon. Ad. Coburn Whip Co., Windsor, N. Y.
WANTED — Men everywhere; good pay; to dls-
I tribute circulars, adv. matter, tack nlgns, etc.
1 No i-anvnsstnff. Nat. Adv. Bureau,' Chicago.
J WANTED — Active, honest- man; outside work
! nnd collecting: salary $r<0 : month; $200 cash
! deposit required. 20 Montgomery *\ZZ suit* S.
WANTED— Hustler* to tack Kigns. distribute
j circulars, samples, etc.: no canvassing; good
I pay. Sun Advertising Bureau. Chicago. j
STKADY man to asxlut in office; no experience
required; uocd wages.,, Call 200. Ken rny st., !
room I, after 1 to-day. '
WANTED— An tip-to-date Job printer; non-'
union: steady position to good man. Address
j box 803. Call. ¦ "¦¦ ,
I WANTED — Man to . work .on cakes in small
I bakery and drive -wagon o hours morning.
! Address box 810. Call.
i ¦
DETECTIVES everywhere; good salary: no ex«
¦;perlence. International Detective Agency,
Milwaukee. WIh. . , 1
WANTED'— Experienced 'domestic salesman.
' Apply - between "0 and 11 a. m.. at HALB
. BROS'. - " ¦ I
FIRST-CLASS Iron railing maker; steady work
to first-class man. 751 Mission st.
WOODWORKER wanted . on carriage and
• wagon work. ..818 Howard st.
PLASTBR casters wanted. 423 Fourteenth
1 street. "... ¦
WAXTED — Three neat, bright and active boys.
i M. FRIEDMAN ACO.. 237 Post St.
....
RESPECTABLE." Triable/ boys, to -distribute
samples. Call U>0 ,10th, after'8, Monday. <
BARBER shop and two. living, rooms for sale
cheap. Apply 019 Harrison st.' ¦ ' .-'¦-'¦
WANTED — Amateur, mandolin ¦ and guitar
players to Join club. - Apply 015 Washington.
A BOY wanted . at. ' JOE ROSENlBERa'S~il
O'Farrell st.
APPRENTICE v who can . distribute . Job type.
WALE PRINTING CO., 021 Clay st. _ _. .
DRIVER . on ¦ commission ' at . Murray's - Dyeing
and Cleaning Works. Eighth and ¦ Howard. : '
"WAXTED— Five wood ; carvers; none but first-
: . clotv «nl*t».7, Box S50, Call of hce.v
WANTED— AI . i tailoring '¦:.- salesman. Apply
. Royal. Tailoring Company, 319 .Geary < st. %
A MAN of indomitable energy ana push, a good
talker, eager to • make , money. ; F. PERSON,
'. .477 and 47S.* ; Parrott building. : ¦ •, ¦ ¦-,¦ =
WANTED— First-class Job pressman for platen
: presses. Apply BANBORN. VAIL. A. CO..
741 Market tt.: r."','-:. .-. ... - - ¦">.. '',-¦,•.?¦.
WANTED— - For - bookbindery . at " Lea Angeles.
. Cal.. paper. ruler; -steady position;. wages $18
-to $20 t<r week. .Box 7C1. Call. :' --. ¦:,
TRY our men's shoes, union- made, at $1 and
- $l;60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; w» pay
.express or mail charges. 11 3d jt.. Exam. bid.
WANTED— Coat and pants maker by -" CLAR.
Bakerafteld. Cai. . ¦¦-¦.-.¦-. .. ,. . ...
FOR ial« — 2-clialr barber shop; a bargain. Box
705. Call office. • ,i - ¦
THREE young men to «*m their way through
• college . by i working ; outside • of school hours.
board not Included. California Business Col-
leg«. 305^ Larkln at *-.v;-=
ROOMS FOR HOPaEKEEPISO— Cost.
TAYLCR. 1504 — Sunny, room for housekeeping;
furn. complete;. running water and gas; $12. 1
THIRD, SCS — Fine double parlors; gas stove,
grate, bay window and bath; fl? with gas;
adults unJy. . '
TWENTY-FTFTH. 23S0. corner FIorida^-TV*
large, sunny, unfurnished rooma for' light
housekeeping; gas and bath.
APAgTMIJT HOPgES.
GLENDORE — New apartments on Pine it.
east o? Van Ness ave.; 3 and 1 rooms each,
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost: will be finished
with exceptional beauty and taste and are>
' now offered for rent unfurniaaed; tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will manage)
the building, now approaching completion;
open for inspection. HOOKER & LENT. U
Post st. , - :
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Cor. Pine and Taylor sts. ; beautiful new mod-
ern apartments; all sunny corner srattes: fur-
nished or unfurnished: marine Tlew; phone Pr.
Exch. 443. LYON A HOAG. 118 Montgomery.
A— THE WILLARD.
Turk st.'. nr. Gough; 2. 3. 4 rooms. farnlshf<l
or unfurnished, with private baths and mod-
ern conveniences; open for inspection 1 to 4.
also 912 Pine st ; phone Red J43&
THE LUNGER, 443 Octavla, cor. Hayes— Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished; etectric lights; private '
baths; $40 up; refs.; also doctors' offlces.
ST. CECILE. 113 Fell, above Van Ness— Th«
acme of perfection tn etegantly furn. 3-roon\
apartments; private baths, steam heat. else.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $53.
BT. LOUIS. 1373 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-3
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished:
marine view; now open; references.
II ADDON HALL. /
831 EDDY ST. REFERENCES. '¦
APARTTgBITTg WAJTTgP.
I WANT a 3-room furnished apartment, all
complete for housekeeping in an apartment-
house. Box 936. Call offlce. '
ROOMS TO LET--Pora. »"'' C ?*^f *',
A — THE AUD1TOKIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS; 53 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVEKY ROOM;
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 BO to $2 50 PER.
DAY; SINGLE ROOM3. 73c to $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONH
SOUTH 1041. ¦ _^_^
ASHWORTH HOTEL,
320 Mason st.. bet. Geary and OTarreU.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Juat completed: entire hous*
newly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
AURORA, corner Second and FoUonn sts- — New
bousr new furniture; every .room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 SO per
w^ek up: this Is the only up- tc- date boose U»
this vicinity: first-class grill attached.
A BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st— Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooma; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or Na I
Fifth St.— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT. 142« Market <old No. W64) — Tut-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1054— Thr«e nicely furnished, sunny
rooms, suitable for housekeeping.
CENTRAL ave. 404. adjoining Park Pan-
handle— Simnyi^o«nswlthbe«o£_board|_re£.
CLAY. 142». near I^avenworth — Large alcove
room; large clofet: ga» range. '
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Blefaatly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DE NORMANDY, THE. 605 Post st— Neatly
furn. rooms. $2- $3 50 wk: run, water; phone.
EDDY. 623 — An elegant furnished front room
with piano. ¦
, ELLIS. ,".25— Front bay-window room; nnrly
• furnUhed: telephone; gentlemen; walking
i distance. '"*
! FOLSOM. 834 — Sunny furnished room, with
closet and bath. . - ' «,
FOLSOM. 1105. corner Eighth — Seven-room flat;
' part of rocma rented; rent $18.
FOURTEENTH. 4B— Nicely furnished sunny
parlors; gas grate; suitable for 2; large bay
window; reasonable. .
FOURTEENTH. 121 — Furnished rooms; front
parlor, bay-window; piano; bath; reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 502 — Large, sunny front room;
neat and comfortable; running water, gas:
rent W 50.
FREDERICK. 557— Fine furnished rooms; also
housekeeping If desired. ' t
GRAND Southern. 7th ana Mission — Rooms S3a
to $1 25 night: $1 SO to SS wit.: reading-room.
j GOLDEN GATE ave., r 313— Nicely furnlsned
j sunny room; running 'water. , >
HARHISON, CIS. cor. Second — 4 unfurnished
rooms fcr housekeeping: no children.
HAYES. 1306 — 1 or S fura. or unfurn. beautl-
; full and sunny; I light housekeeping.
HOTEL D'UFFERIN, M9 Ellis — Just opened;
everything new; electric^elevator and al^ mod-
ern conveniences: single rooms, with or with-
out bath, $10 to $23; suites T-ith bath, $40 to
$50; first-class grill: subtle parlor.
GUERRERO. SOI. 'ccrner Twentieth^ — Fur-
nighed.room to let: fine location.
L.AGUNA, 1507. corner Geary— Elegantly fur-
nlshed rooms; sunny; new Bat; now furni-
ture; private family; reasonable.
MANHEIM. 682 Sutter— Sunny front rooms}
strictly first elass: transient.
JESSIE. 313, east V. 8. Mint — Furnished
I rooms ; $«J per month.
JONES, COS— Single sunny room.
JONES. Cir — Sunny front parlor for one or tw»
gentlemen. . ¦
' JOXEE, 047 — Sunny suite: handsomely fura.;
[ clean: modern; private; reasonable.
LARK IX, S04— Sunny front room for 1 or 2
gentlemen; grate; $7 per month.
LARKIN*, 13tt> — Nicely furnished funny
room*: running water, bath and phone.
MARKF.T. 1032— $Nlce. sunny front rooms; also
housekeeping rocms: reasonable. -
MCALLISTER. v 3ft— Large. k»y- window bade
parlor; sun; w*ll furnished, double; gas; good
Organ; within block of four car llnca/
MISSION, S37A— Fire single rooms, with run-
nins; water, cioset; $1 5O per week and up.
MISSION. 1S13. near Eleventh — Pleasant room.
1 or ll persous; private house; tl SO a week.
NATOMA. 1<3 — Sunny furnished front rooms:
$ I, nnd $1 50 per week. ¦
NINTH. 11.1— Single sunny rdom: reaaonabU.
NINTH. 2.15 — Furnished corner bay-window
room 'lor light housekeeping; reasonable.
PKA RU 32. near Thirteenth— Sunny front room
' PINEaIWI — Sunny front room for gentleman:
private family; central location. ,' • >.
PINE; 1829 — Two exceptionally large sunny
parlors: suitable for artist's studio or house.
' keeping: regular kitchen; furnished. S23 :
partly furnished. $16; large closets; running
water; bath; conservatory; garden; arlsto-
cratlc neighborhood; $25 mo. Call today.
RADSTON. 276 Turk — Suites with bath; all
sunny; up to d.ite; also two single rooms;
permanent can net moderate terms.
ROYAL House. I'M Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 33c to $1 SO; week. 13
to $S: month. $9 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
'.SEVENTH, 191— Housekeeping, also furnished
! rncms. ...
SIXTH. 308 — Eleranjtly furnished, front room;
»>ui table for one or two jcentlemen.
S7EINER. 807— I or 2 pleasant furnished s*
; unfurnished rooms: adults.
STEVENSON. 707 VS. near Ninth— Nicely sfl**
! nlshed rooma; cheap. m _
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Lagun* — A suaay
furnished sin«rle room; rent >7. '
SUTTER. 067 — Crystal House — Elegant roorrs;
board. If wanted; reasonable; respectable.
THE EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, cor. Geary—
Sunr.y suites of rooms, suitable for offlces.
TURK. 254 — Single rooms. '
TURK., 1218 — Nicely furnished sunny room;
r ieusa j. t. oren yard.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms. 33c f» $1 night. $1 75 to $S week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read.-room: tree bus;baa;sa«*-
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Elei ant front parlors a*d
.adjoining suite for of See or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d «t near Market—
.Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
33c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 303 Sixth— Oetrte Itgat in
- every room, rooms from 15c-to $1 per olsbt
73e to $5 per week; open all night. ¦'
Vox Additional Classified JLdy«rtls«aants
1 • at» p»ar« 43. , - m
HELP W.mED--3IALE~Con.
MURRAY & READY. 63-1-C36 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848.
. Leading Employment and Labor Agents." j
1903 ' we " gave 1004 we hope ; to
60,000 men worU. " increase CO.CKK).
ARIZONA.
. We Ship to . ¦-'..,' . J
Arlxona. Cloafc to Prescott.
600 Men for R. R. Construction.
-We Ship Dally.
Two Years' Job. ;"
010 Miles. ARIZONA. $3 10.
Stableman, bakery, country; sack sewer, city
Job $.2 50 day;- boy for : store, city: carriage
. trimmer, Old Mexico, free fare; 3 married
laborers, sawmill company;-I5 farm hands,
milkers, pruners, etc.; milker, city dairy. $.40
nnd foundj.milker, country, fare paid; shin-
gle jointer, country, $35 and, found; mold-'
' . maker, terra cotta work*, city; foreman plan-
lng-mill country; farmer and wife, small j
farm, see boss here Monday 10:30 a. m., $40
• and found; man and wife, waiter and laun-
dress, country; 'farmer and wife,. Nevada, sea
bos* here: middle-aged man to keep store and
assist bookkeeper, mine company, see boss
here. - $35 and fcund; butcher and sausage,
; cpuntry shop, south; cooks, waiters, dish-
washers, etc.
> WOODCHOPPERS.
25 woodchoppers to chop cordwood ¦ for big
. • lumber company; good proposition; redwood
SOc. pine $1 25," oak fl CO.
: Work summer and winter.
. MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay at.
BIG money for salesman:, write .for our com-
plete eamtjJe outfit of woolens: we make
made to measure clothing superior (to any;
experience not required; explicit Instructions;
our prices lowest; your proflti largest: op-
portunity to; Increase your Income; exclusive'
territory; abundant advertlsine matter; free
— not one cent do you have to Invent; we
start you In paying business; don't miss this
chance. Lock Box No. S82. Chicago, 111.
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 13,000 ap-
pointments last year; chances better now; ex-
¦ amlnatlons every State; thousands prepared by )
National . Correspondence Institute. Washing-
ton, D. C. the originators of this work, are
in. the service. Write for clrtular J-l, show-
! ing position:, salaries, examinations, sample
questions, etc... to Pacific Coast Offlce. 027.
Market st.. t-'an Francisco. CaL .' . .
CLOTHING — Denver to the coast.. A promi-
nent wholesale clothing house with widely
, advertised line desires high-class salesmen
! to cover territory from Denver to the coast;
strong support for right men. Address Ar-
nold. Advertising Agency. Bourse bldg., Phila.
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14,000 appointments
last year; free examination paper and cata-
log giving positions and salaries. Dept. Q,
Western Correspondence University, San
Francisco. . ¦ •
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done for 23c, 30o
and COc while you wait at 0C"! Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics ' to know
'that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor; has
added 100 new rooms to the Denrer House,
217 Third st; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-,
ber trade;, wages paid while learning. Call
or address WESTERN CCLLEGE OF BAR-
BERS. 647 Commercial st. San Francisco.
BARBER shop; very central: modern fixtures;
3 chain; cheap . if called - for Immediately.
STOLTZ. 723 Market st. : - .
100 YOUNG men of 13 years, with good char-
acter, to organize military organization. Call
at 473 Valencia St.. between 0 and 8 p. m.
MUSICIANS to Join military bandT 32S Bush
st., third floor, room 4.
2-CHA1R city barber shop for sale. Inquire
WILL & FINCK. . . - -
WANTED — Experienced solicitors, men and
women, to handle merchandise contracts;
good compensation; easy proposition to
place; Investigate. Royal Mercantile Co.,
suite 19, Columbian bldg., or 032 Broadway,
Oakland.
BARBERS, take notice — The offlce of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 0 City Hall sq.. or 1S04 Market St..
Journeymen Barbers* Union. Local 148. JOS.
R. BLEILY. Secretary.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 HO per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 r>0. or
orthopedic shoes. $•{ 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st. Exam, bldg., fi doors from Market.
WANTED — A firs'i-clars carriage blacksmith at
good wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
. ¦ CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships. . Apply DENT'S place. 28 Steuart st.
PENSION atty.; E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MEN. to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber Ccllege. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
,-ket — 700 rooms; 35c night: reading ¦ rooms;
! free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened st 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. • ¦ ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes.' slightly camaged. half
- price. 563 M'eslon St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waltlns: . "3c
to ROc. Mil MlFslon ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
• HORSES AXDWAGO.VS.
DON'T fail to attend the big auction sale of
.- well broken horses and ' mules at 615 Ellis
st.. Monday, February 1. at U o'clock. S.-
WATKINS auctioneer. Phyne East 743.
FOR sale — A stylish pair of carriage horses:
black, gentle, good goers, no tricks. Apply!
1317 Jackson tt.,' Oakland, or 22 California
st., roorr. 7, San Francisco.
BUGGY, harness and a mare, stands about
lf>>4 hands : stylish: can be trained to trot
In 2:18 or 2:20; a fine buggy animal; will
sell reasonable. Box 893. Call office. ¦
FOR SALE— A gentle horse. 15 '£ hands high.
(J, years old; rubber- tired buggy and harness;
will sell together or separate; make offer.
Address box .152, Call offlce.
CLOSING out at auction— 4 vuireyg, 2 phaetons.
7 waeons; '2 rubber tires, 10 business buggies; '
18 sets harness. 4<! horaes; Tuesday. February
2. 11 a. m.. at 1140 FoUom st. '
FOR sate— Cheap; one spun of horses, 5 and 8
years old; well broke; weigh 1250 pounds: or
will trade for a good heavy team. Inquire
1S21 Railroad «ve., Alimnla.
FIFTEEN fine young roadsters and business
horses, thoroughly broken and guaranteed.
Occidental Horse Exchange, 240 Third st
j WANTED— A stylish buggy horse: one well
broken and gentle; state price, etc. Box
SCO. Call office.' ;
I COMBINATION hay and coal wagon for sale.
j Die Caop »t.,' nfar Twenty- fourth.
1 - *«» • —~_
BLACK hors'e; $20; must sell. 270 Jersey st.
FOR tale— Six* second-hand express wagons
and two trucks. 233 Beale tf r
DELIVERY wagons — Light, medium; business
. buggies.- 24 Point Loboa ave.
WANTED— An open business 1 buggy In ' good ,
repair rand reasonable. Box 027. Call.
THREE blMck. horses for sale to-day. • 1323
Howard. St., ' •'
FOR ¦¦¦¦ sale— A handsome bay driving horse.
1000 Valencia- st. ¦.¦¦.¦''..¦
FOR sale cheap:.' 3 'spring- buMncss ; wagons,
. ' new: 1 lid-hand wagon. IGSO Mission. nr. 13th.
At EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for rale cheap. 532 Mission st ...
Largest a»sortmt 2d-hand wagons.buckb'd.sur-
rey. harness. work. driving horses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of house* to let: send for clr-
cular. O.H.UMBSEN ft CO.. 20 Montgomery.
LOT GOxllO, with Improvements: suitable for
mill, 'blacksmith shop, coal yard, laundry.
. etc. : will be put In repair to suit tenant: on
FUlniore M..' near ' Lombard ; will . lease for
.term of. years. ::¦,.":: . . _: '
ASHBURY.:iO0l!, cor. 18th— Handsome resi-
: dence,".7;rm!i, bath,stabl«:marlne vjew;$32 50.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN. & HOWELL., 25 Post *t.
FINE: sunny house of 8 rooms and bath. 1 1401
i Polk st.V near : California. : : . ' \. -
HOUSES FlH.MSHEDi-FOR SALE.
McAllister. :."20— xicciy r furnished* house of
, eight rooms;, reasonable. ;,
U-ROOM house for sole; reasonable price. 90U
¦• Eddy st.^-.- -'¦,••',..,..''¦ ¦-, ¦ **-"'---*-" ' •¦'• '-
410 JONES — Furnished house 3 room* for sale:
rent 555. Call, after 1 o'clock. - ,
ROOMING HOUSES FOB SALE,
FIFTY?* rooms ¦ on Washington \ street.*. In the
- heart of Oakland, to be sold cheap, on ac-
¦ "count of sickness; S rooms kept for transient;
house always .filled; clears -never less than
$200 per month; suites rent from $5 to $6 per
' week ; C this _< !» . a bay-window i bouse and on
two floors; rcoms all light and running water;
: -rent-$160; price. $3720; this is certainly one
' of the best bargains ever put on the market.
' -MITCHENER & BARTON., 1010 Broadway,
Oakland. '- '. ¦¦'¦¦'¦ . . : • -.
¦¦ -^-' L " ' r ' ¦ \ : "' lx y, Ei i . s T MB^T?'' "'' ' f - ' : "-.*¦ ''-
• BONDS, 8TbcKS V AND MORTGAGES/ :
. " All ¦dividend-paying securities for sain. I-
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., U27 Market st.A. cotton picker machine has been in
vented which, it is claimed, will save
one-third of the crop and the wages ot
twenty-eight men.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrocraohlc- Offlce, U. S. N., Mer
- ¦: chants' ¦ Exchange, : San -Francisco, Cal.,
¦ January ' :u>. 1904. ¦' : MBHBMHaVHfesJmBB
': The .Time" Ball an-, the tower of ,the Ferry
bulldlng.'waa dropped exactly. at noon to-day —
t. e.. at . noon of the 120th > meridian. » or at 8
p. m.r Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT. :
> ' Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charse.
¦. \ The bark S t. ? Katherlne cleared ', for ' Hllo es
terday with a general merchandise cargo,. valued
«t $41,364. and Including the following: 1313
bbls. " flour, 75 pkgs. fresh fruits, 1125 bales
hay. 95 ¦ cases canned ' goods, : 510 ' gals. , vinegar,
4195 lbs. bread. 17 cases epices, .21,000 lbs. rice.
80 pkgs.' potatoes,' 1 10 ¦ pkgs.'v onions, ' ctls."
corn. 13.0S6 lbs. sugar. 3904 ctls. barley.* 9S11
lbs. . beans, 06 ctls. oats, 80,295 '< lbs. middlings,
153.888 lbs. bran, -855 ctls.*: wheat, : 2000- lb».
codfish. 75 boiies- paste.. 1000 Mbs.:. peas. 1450
lbs. ' meal. < 16.000 lbs. salt, 6 pkgs., fresh veg
etables, '3500 lbs. lard, 319 pkgs. groceries and
provisions,-' 11,204 - gals, wine, > 155 ? boxes ; soap,
6 "pkgs. - machinery,: 4 "cases; drugs,"" 24^ cases
boots » nd shoes, 9 pkgs. electrical supplies, 26
.pkgs.- brooms, 4 rolls leather, 650 cases coal
oil, SO cases gasoline," SO bales paper,' 55 pkgs.
e*lt 5 salmon, '-. 252 . lbs. l cheese/, 672 » lbs.* starch,
400 lbs.' dried fruit,; 2 bdls. oil clothing, 456,600
ibs. fertilizer, 2 bbls. alcohol,' 526 lbs. butter.
The schooner ¦ Helens - sailed , yesterday for
Honolulu with' an assorted merchandise ¦ cargo
valued . at $29,011 and Including i the following:
100 bbls. flour, 31 IS bales '¦ Bay, . 296S ctls.. bar
ley.' 391 ctls.' oats/ 62 ctls. wheat, ,23,615', lbs?
bran. 11.430 lbs. middlings. ! 12.121 lbs. beane,
300 lb*. hops|»71;ctls. corn." 24.250 lbs. salt,
3600 lbs. lard, 1905 lbs.'- bread. 1371'gals. and
•J5 cases wine, 14S case* canned goods, 23 pkgs.
groceries and provisions. 160 gaJs. and '10 cases
whisky. 12,060 lbs. •; shrimp shells, 1800 lbs.
coffee. 140 boxes paste, 700 bbls., 20 half bbls.
and "14 tierces pickled -salmon, s 42 .'cases "bak
ing ; powder, 2041 lbs.- glucose, 1304 steel rails.
20. rolls paper," 6 -pkgs.. paints,'; 170 r kegs; white
lead, ¦: 52 cases soap. 1 29,000 ? bricks, .- 1922 ¦ posts.
20 : colls .- rope. ¦ 20 ; bbls.- oil.' 6 ¦ cases . benzine. - S
cases blasting caps,- 17 pkgs. ¦ machinery. 10 pcs.
and' 2 bundles Iron.' 25 cases': matches. 0290 lbs.
asbestos. ;.•-¦-. -*'¦- •' ';--¦>'>.' .;.; ,"'- : L ; "'• •¦•¦-•'«- ¦'>¦?"'¦ '¦:•--¦'
Two Cargoes for Hawaii.
SATURDAY. Jan. 80—12 m.
: Bld.Ask.1 Bld.Ask.
Alpha ." * 07 ' . . 09 Jnstlc* ...... 08 ia
Alta OS 10 iKentuck ..... 04 05
Andes ....... SO 32'Keyes Graes.. — 1 75
Belcher ...... 35 ' 37! Lady Wash.. — 07
Best & Belch.l 70 1 S0|Mexlcan .....1 65 1 70
Bullion 08 07 Occidental ... 83 95-
Caledonia ... 83 98jOphlr ..8 65 370
Challenge Con 27- 29'Overman '.... 81 y
Chollar ...... 22 23lPotost 22 23
Confidence ... 1 10 1 20! Savage 52 '63
Con C& Va.l 60 I 65:Scorplon 03 OS
Con-Imperial. 03 04 S»e Belcher... 09 "10
Con NY'.... 05 .07 Sierra. Nev .. 03 64
Crown Point. 29 30< Silver Hill .. 67 f,9
East Sierra' N 05 r,6jSt Louis ....- — ';so
Eureka Con . . — 6A J Syndicate ¦...-' 04 '¦ ©fl
Exchequer... IR ,16|Unlon Con -,. 84 - r n
Gould & Cur. 84 8a;Utah ........ 25 "fl
Hale & Norq. 72 75 ! Yellow Jacket 47 48
Julia ........ 03 04'.
TONOPAH MINES. •'
Bid.Ask.j> BId.Ask.'
Colehan ..... — ' 19 Rescue ..".... .04 —
Bsperanza ... — 02.Ton" Belmont. '70 '
Gipsy Queen. — 30 Ton & Cal.. ' "24
Gold Anchor. — 25JTon Exten .. 65 —
Hannapah ... — 25 Ton Fraction. • %--45
MacNamara .11 13jTon of Nev.6 50 7 00
Mlzpah-Ex '..' — 35 j Ton- N Star.. 35-^36
Mont Ton ..1 35 1 40 Ton Midway. 40 '41
N Y Ton '....— 05 Ton Superior. — . : 75
Paymaster ... 12 — United- Ton.. 09 12
Ray Exten-.. — 241 .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
The schooner Alpena Is chartered for lumber
from Puget Sound to Hobart at 33s; part cargo
for Sydney. 80s. . ¦ . .
' The British bark Invergarry proceeds In bal
last to Sydney Heads for orders.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE ; OCEAN.
SPOKEN.
¦':'' Nor 23," lat 81 S, Ion 117 W. ' Br ahlp.Mat
ternhorn, • hence ¦ Sept . IS,"- for Antwerp. ,
,. SAILED. -
", Saturday, January 30. 1
Stmr Acme; Lundaulst,' Astoria. ? : .
Stmr. Whlttler, .: Macdonald; Ventura,
Stmr/Alameda." Dowdell.- Honolulu. '
Stmr; Jeanle,'-Maspon, ; Seattle. ' . '
StmriClty of. Sydney. McLean. Panama, etc,
Stmr^Souths Coast;"- oisen," Caspar. .
Stmr . San ' Mateo. ¦ Ross, £ Tacoma. ;l ;
Stmr " Czarina, -¦ Johnson. * Coos "• Bay.
Stmr.. Point ; Arena." . Miller.": Mendocino.
Stmr < Asuncion. VBridgett, ..Redondo. s
Br t atmr •¦ Wvefleld, ' Watson, Nanalmo."
Ship W.H Macy,;Groth,,Ladysmlth.
;;-. . Saturday. /January 80. -
!.• Stmr Lakme, Gunderson, for; Eureka.
Stmr City; of ! Puebla. , Jeosen.* Victoria, etc:
Pacific iCoast^SteamshiB; Company. „
. Stmr' Santa Cruz. Alberts.' San Pedro; Pacific
Coast. Steamship -Co.-*" - *.< ' V. . ';
'.: Stmr ; City 1 of ¦ Sydney, McLean/ Panama ¦ and
way Dorta; . Pacific '• Mall ' Steamship Co.
JStmr ' Alameda.-,- Dowdell.'- Honolulu; J D
Spreckels;&' Bros "Co. ¦^aMnpaqBSPQBSr* .
-,.. Br : stmr. Wyefleld," . Watson," , Nanalmo ; West
ern ; Fuel . Co. ¦-¦ r *'fiftJ* l |)|fft"ti8IH|l**'"l l V.!i' i - "¦¦¦'¦'.
iBark' St Katherine, Saunders, Hilo; Welch
& '.. Co: aHHSM9if ni| Mel n "iSHBBiSBMHi^l
CLEARED.
Saturday, January 30.
Stmr Despatch, : Levlnson. 65 hours from
Portland.
Stmr Geo • W ¦¦ Elder, ' Randall,', 67 • hours from
Portland, • via . Astoria 46 hours. ; --,.'<•¦
Stmr Corona: Nosander, 19. hours from Eu
reka. , tfZ::- •¦.¦•- .- " ¦ .'- :"- - / -%.:.
- Stmr Mandalay, Payne, 35 houra from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Mackinaw, Etorrs, 90 hour* from Ta
coma.. -,¦-• ¦ ' .--- - , . , - .
•Stmr W.. H. Kruger, Ahlln. 2S hourafrom
Eureka. . • - .¦•-. ¦ "' • ¦ .
Br stmr .Wellington, McKellar, 79 hours from
Ladysml th.y^;wt|tfwwn*JUi 'MfJ^^W^gBflBp— g*BBtSB
>Br< stmr. Gaelic. Finch, 28 days 11 hours
29, minutes from, Hongkong.-.via Yokohama 17
day. It hours 27 minutes, via Honolulu 6 days
13 hours 3$ minutes."."
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. Pier.
__ __ __¦_— i — -~— "¦"
January 31. _
San Pedro. . Humboldt 10 am Pier 3
S Rosa..... San-Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
February 1. * I
Arcata...... Coos B. & Pt. Orfrd 4 pm Pier 13
Corona...... Humboldt l:3OpPier »
S. Crux..... Newport & Way... 8 am Pier 11
I*obn.xary 2. I
O. VT. Elder. Astoria & Portlandlll am PieT 24
Korea China & Japan 1 1 pm Pier 4J
Ettpir...... Coos Bay direct.. 4 pro Pier 18
February 3. I
Elizabeth... Coquille River 5 pm Wer 20
North Fork. Humboldt...;. 5 pm Pier _r>
Rival Willapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier - ?
Eureka Humboldt • 9 tm Pier IS
Rainier. ... Seattle «: Whatconvj 4 pmjPler to
Iaqua Humboldt 9 amlPler 2
Fabreary 4. |
p omo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State- Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona.....] Humboldt l:3OpP1er »
Arc tic Humboldt 8 amIPter 2
Pebrnary 5. 1
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier II
Umatilla.... Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier i>
Chlco ...... Coquille River..... 6 pm Pier 3
February 6.
Newport N. Y. via Panama. 12 in Pier 4i»
Newburs.... Grays Harbor.*..:.. 4 pm Pier to
Pt Arena..; Pt- Arena & Mdemo 4 pm Ptsr 2
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B Pier la
February ?.
Curacao....- Mexican Ports..... 10 am Pier 11
Oregon J Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
February 10.
Gaelics...... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40)
Queen Puget- Sound Ports 11 amfter ft
Sequoia Grays Harbor. ;| 4 pmiPter 2
February 11. I |
Marlposa... Tahiti direct Ill am] Pier 7
Ventura.... 3ydney & Way Pts.j 3 ptnjPler 7
. FROM . SEATTLE.
Steamer. , For. J Sails.
Dlrigo Skagway & Way Port*. (Jan. SO
Excelsior..... Cooks Iniet & Way Pts.iFeb. 1
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports.lFeb. 4
J. Dollar...-. . Valdez & Way Ports... Feb. 5
Al-Kl.-T Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 5
Valencia Skagway & Wav Ports. Feb. 5
Bertha .... Cooks Inlet & Way Pta.IFeb. 10
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet A Way Pts.lFeb. 1«
TO SAIL.
The schooners Charles Hanson and Olga have
been purchased by George E. Plummer and will
be used In J the whaling, business.,. The Olga
Is at present at Unalaska. She will be fitted
with a gasoline engine. ; "She* Is In command
of Captain James McKenna. The Charles Han
son will be in command : of Captain Damavlg
and will leave San . Francisco about. Maffch 20
for Point Barrow and the cast coast. Both
vessels will winter at Banks Land.
Will Go Whaling.
City of Sydney Sails.
The Pacific Mail Company's City of Sydney
sailed yesterday for, Panama and way. ports.
Her cargo included 700 tons of flour. 280 ton.*
of lead and 1500 barrels of wine.
Clarence Stralt^fage SO— Lincoln Rock buoy
No. 2, a red first class nun, ' reported adrift
December 24, 1903, V will be discontinued, as
being ; no longer needed since .the completion
of the Lincoln - Rock Light Station. :
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
\ C. G. CALKINS,
Commander, U.'S.-N.', Lighthouse Inspector.
Offlce of Inspector Thirteenth Lighthouse
District, Portland, Or., January 23. 1904. , •
Th« following notice to mariner* haa been
8S The ' followtn* affects the List of Beacons
and Buoys. Pacific. Coast. 1903:
WASHINGTON.
Wlllapa Bay entrance.' Page 69— "Wlllap* Bay
outer buoy, a PS. first . class can, marked
"W. B." In white, reported' out of position
January 18. was : reDlaced January 27/
Juan de Fuca Strait, page 76 — Point "Wilson
buoy No. 6, a red first class nun, reported out
of DO«lt!on. December 31. 1003? was replaced
Notice to Mariners.
Temporary repairs costing about ?2500 will
be made* at Valparaiso on the French ship
Helen Blum, which recently put Into the
South American port in a damaged condition.
The vessel will be thoroughly overhauled when
she reaches . this port.
Will Repair at , Valparaiso.
Morning Session.
600 Brunswick ... OGJ 600 Ton Belmont. 75.
300 Evelyn 25 600 Ton Belmont. 78
60 Mont Ton ..1 45 600 Ton'Exten ;y. 70
900 Mont Ton . .1 40 300 Ton Midway. 40
2200 Paymaster ... J2| 200 Ton N. Star.. 35
400 Rescue ...... 081:400-. United Ton.." 11
Following were the sales on th» San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
TQNOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session."
200 Andes 321 600 Overman .... 32
100 Best & Belch.l 80 400 Overman .... 30
600 Bullion 07 1 300 Overman .... 31
100 Caledonia ... 07 1 300 Savage ...... S5
100 Caledonia ... 98: 100 Savage ft>
100 Challenge Con. 27 400 Sierra Nev .; 65
300 Con C & V.I 62^ 500 Sierra Nev .. 63
100 Crown Point. 301 100 Sierra Nev. C*^
100 Crown Point. 29; 800 Union Con .. 83
100 Gould & Cur. 83j 100 Union Con .. 84
100 Mexican ...1 6714; 200 Union Con .. 82
100'Mexican ...I 62>i; 100 Yellow Jacket 45
100 Ophir 3 95 300 Yellow -Jacket 40
¦250 Ophir 3 75! 400 Yellow Jacket 47
100 Ande 32 100 Hale & Norc 70
S00 Belcher 36 300 Mexican .....165
300 Caledonia ... 05 100 Ophir ..% 3 75
100 Challenge ... 28 1000 Overman .... 31
•100 Challenge ... 27 500 Union Con .. 8*
100 Con C & Va.l 60 1000 Utah 25
200 Crown Point. 29 500 Yellow Jacket 47
200 Gould & Cur. .13 100 Yellow Jacket - 46
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
Eglsto Canepo, who' lives at, 317 Union street
and Is employed at 44 .: Main ' street,' owes his
life to the textile weakness of the material of
which his working Jumper Is made. His left
sleeve was caught yesterday In " some ma
chinery at his place of employment. -. Had the
cloth been strong Canepo would have been
dragged Into a tangle of racing cranks and
whirling wheels and probably fatally mangled.
As It . turned out, however, he escaped with
a bruised arm, which was dressed at the Har
bor Hospital.
Tearing of Cloth Saves liife.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. ' 1 Due.
Enterprise Hllo (Jan. 31
Leelanaw Tacoroa Jan. ::i
North Fork... Humboldt [Jan. 01
Kedondo San Pedro .....[.Tan. Ml
Iaqua Humboldt Jan. 31
Rival. 1 WUlapa Harbor Jan. 31
Empire Coos F.ay & Pt. Orfordt Jan. 31
Elizabeth Coquillc River Feb. 1
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 1
State f if Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. 1
1' mat ilia Puget Sound Ports. ; Feb. 1
Ventura. Sydney Sc Way Ports.. Feb. 1
Arctic..'. Humboldt |Feb. 1
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports.. |Feb. 2
Chico Coquille River IFeb. 2
Pomona Humboldt |Fcb. 'i
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. IFeb. 2
Coos. Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.. IFeb. 2
Del Norte. . . - Crescent City IFeb. '£
Memphis Hamburg .& Way Pts.|Feb. ::
G. Llndaur.. Grays Harbor ...IFeb. ;:
Marlposa Tahiti IFeb. 3
City Para.... New York via Panama. Feb. 4
Oregon Portland & Astoria Feb. 4
Newburg Grays Harbor |Feh. t
Point Arena.. Mendocino &. Pt. Arena. Feb. 4
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pt9.. Feb. 4
Chehalls..,..- Grays Harbor F>b. I
Arcata.. Coos Bay & Pt. OrfonJ.IFpb. r;
Corona Humboldt ..!Feb. .1
•Queen.. .'....• Puget Sound Ports IFeb. «
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports.) Feb. «
Centennial Seattle &' Tacoma IFeh. 7
Texan... New York via- Coronel. Feb. 7
Sequoia. Grays Harbor • 1 ""' b - "
S. Barbara. ... Seattle tc Olympia Feb. »
Mera Seattle Feb. n
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria [Feb. O
San Jose- New York via Panama. | Feb. 10
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
050 California,Standard n •
1600 Claremont .^ 50
10 California Safe Deposit .....150 00
50 Spring Valley 39 50 /
400 Monte Crigto 771A
100O Independence ....";.. 15
3000 Oil City Petroleum, b 10.. 33-
Street —
1000 Oil City Petroleum, b 30........ 33
1000 Independence, 1 30 u ¦
Standard Electric
Tesla Coal Co 25 00 s6'66
Truckee Electric
Union Sugar '
United Gas & Electric \\\\
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Pagre Forty- three.
Applications will be received at the same
time for civil service examination for keeper
of the four beacon lights rn Napa. Creek and
'Mare Island Strait, at a salary of $60 per
month. Applicants must be citizens of the
United States, over eighteen and under fifty
years of age and must furnish their own boat.
Applications will also be received for civil
service examination for assistant engineer on
light vessels at a salary of $S0O per annum:
Applicants must be citizens of the United
States and must be-' licensed by the steamboat
inspection Bervice as assistant engineers of
ocean vcssela of 400 tons or more. ,.
Applications for civil servic* examination
will be received at the office of the United
States Lighthouse Inspector, 404 Safe Deposit
building, 3urlng the next thirty days for
establishing registers of ellglbles from which
appointments of assistant keepers of light
houses will be made in the Twelfth Lighthouse
District Applicants must be citi
zens of the United States, over eighteen and
under fifty years of aee. .
Uncle Sam lias Jobs to Offer.
SUNDAY. JANUARY SL '
Sun rises ' : 1?
n '^-:::::::::::::::;::::::::«iS6"^^
Z L W H Wj L WJ |U W|
3 1 JffliaBi BI|i=»"n:.*"
H W IL W H W L W
•» 0"«i 6 215-27 2.3 11:35 6.1 «:00|— O.7
3 I:W »:S «il9 2.0 13:28 B.T «:54 -O.3
4 1:45 5.4 7:13 1.8 1:23 6.2 T:40 O.2
5 2:27| B.6J 8:17 1.71 2:27 4.8 8:28( O»
NOTE— In t*»e above exposition of the title*
the earlv mornlnK tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of taa
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th
day except when there are but three tides. j»«
sometimes occurs. The heights riven are in
additlonto the soundings cf the United State*
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — >
elsn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth riven by
the charts. The plane of referenc* Is tha laeua
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
The steamer City/of Sydney sailed yester
day for Panama and wajr ports with a general
merchandise cargo valued , at S'9,723, to be
distributed as follows: For Mexico. 115,745;
Central America, $17,712; Panama, $2185; New
York, $38,408: Italy, $2243; Germany, $2256;
Holland, $1174. ! The leading exports were as
follows: • ' • .-'
•To Mexico — 1603 gals, and 121 cases wine, 8
bbl«. flour. 484 lbs. soda. 814 lbs. ; eoda, 38
pkgs. groceries and provisions, 12 cases brandy.
'28 cases whisky,, l&pkgs. fresh fruits, 74 cases
liquors, 907 lbs. airff-36 casea meals. 182 lbs.
butter. 3117 lbs. 1 ' cocoa, 30 cases baking pow
der, 140 cases canned goods, 117 lbs. ham and
bacon, 10 cases codfish. 5 pkgs. potatoes, 40
tins bread. 10 pkgs. paste, 749 lbs. potash.
1074 lbs. dried fruit, 12CO lbs. asbestos, 13i5
lbs. bone ash, 6 bdls. hose. 114 boiler tubes,
20 kegs powder, 152 pkgs. machinery, 47 pkgs.
nails, 5» pkgs. electrical supplies. 428 pieces and
CO bdls. iron, 75 pieces steel. 114 pkgs. paints
and oil?, 0 pkgs. acid, G pkgs. drugs, 1080 feel
and 40 bdls. lumber, 4 bdls. bags. 3 polls rope.
To Central America-r2:»» bbla. flour. 357
gals . and 8 cases wine. 24 cases whisky, 12
pk^s. fresh fruits, S» pkgs. groceries and pro
visions.; 1943 lbs. dried fruit, 12,930 lbs. rice,
2425 . lbe. lard, 20 cases olive oil, 300 lbs.
bread, 22 cases canned goods, 14 cases sal
mon, 475 pkgs. potatoes. 29«l lbs. spices, 87CQ
lbs. and CO cases codfish. 275 lbs. raisins. 328
lbs. tea, 30 ctls. oats, 1004 lbs. bran, 4345 feet
lumber, 12.S00 lbs. cement. 6877 lbs. tallow. 13
bdls. leather. 220 lbs. zinc, 1, case drugs. 3
bales cotton. 16 sacks coke. 9 sacks coal, 10
bdls. bags, " 40 pkgs. paints and oil. 2000 lbs.
parafflne, 185 cases coal oil, 45 bdls. paper,
53 pkgs. glass, 12 cases arms and ammunition.
To Panama— 150 bbls. flour, 33 cases canned
goods, 14 cases table preparations. 373 lbs.
dried fruit. 2338 lbs. beans, 028 gals and 10
cases wine, 235 pkgs. potatoes, »026 lbs. sugar.
2 cases brandy. 10 cases whisky, 2 pkgs. groce
ries and provisions. 20' bdls. brooms.
To New York — 52,173 gals, wine, r.2 gals,
brandy, 104 sks. horns, 300,190 lbs.- pjg lead.
23,305 lbs. dry hides. 30,275 lbs. beans, 13,765
lbs.asphaltum. 21 pkgs. paper, 8 cases drugs,
126 cases typewriters and sundries.
To Italy — 62.714 lbs. blue'stone. . • ¦
To Germany— 90,000 lbs. dried prunes and
950 lb«. dry hides. ¦
To Holland— SO. 600 lbs. dried prune*.
Exports by the/Panama Steamer.
'¦-' NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 30 — Stmr Frank
furt, from ; Bremen.
¦ Sailed Jan 30 — Stmr Marquette, for London:
Btmr taxonla, for Liverpool: stmr Zeeland. for
Antwerp: ¦ stmr. Ethiopia, for Glasgow; stmr
Philadelphia, for Southampton; stmr Graf
Waldereee. for Hamburg. •
• HAMBURG— Arrived Jan SO— Stmr Patri
cia, from Xew York. -
PLYMOUTH — Arrived January . 30^ — Stmr St.
Paul, .from New York for Cherbourg and
Southampton. '
.GENOA — Arrived Jan 30 — Stmr Sardegna,
from -New York.
Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Sicilian Prlnc*. for Na
ples and Palermo.
BREMEN — Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Main. 'for
¦* LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Umbrla.
for -. New York.~ . •
* ANTAVERP— Sailedv Jan -SO— Stmr Vader
land, for Now York.
. HAVRE — Sailed Jan 30— Stmr La Loralne.
for 'New York -¦¦• ;"..'" - ¦
- MARSEILLES — Arrived Jan 30!— Stmr Cala
bria, from Genoa and Naples, for New .York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Jan • 30 — Sitmr
Cymric,- from . Boston, for Llveroool, aad pro
ceeticd.'sHmgMMriQhdEapagMMMiptajMMMBQBdj
CHERBOURG— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr New
York, from Southampton, for New York.
PORT TOWNSBND— Sailed January 30—
senr Robert Searles. from Port Gamble for
San Francisco.
, HARDY CREEK — Sailed Jan 30— Stmr
Marshfield, for San Diego.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 20— Bf stmr Peleu«,
for China; Br ship Crown of Scotland, for Syd
ney. .
EUREKA — Arrived Jan SO— Stmr Pomona,
hence Jan 29. ~^
Sailed .Tan 30— Bktn Amelia, for Honolulu:
ptmrs Iaqua and North F"ork. for Ean Fran
cisco.
_ Arrived Jan 30— Stmrs Eureka and Arctic,
hence Jan 29.
Sailed Jan 30— U S stmr Hush McCu'.loch,
for .
PORT HARFORD- Sailed Jan 29— Stmr '
Coos Bay. for San Francisco.
TATOOSH — Passed out Jan 3O— Stmr Mon
tara. from Ladyamlth. for San Francisco
Parsed in Jan 30— Schr Camano. from" San
Pedro, for Port Gamble.
Pa&fc-d out Jan 30— Br shto Crown of Scot
land, from • Tacoma. for Sydney.
WHATCOM — Arrived Jan SO — Ger stmr Men
from Seattle. . ,
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Jan 30— Tue Sea Ro
ver, hence Jan 28.
Sailed Jan .10— Schr Dora Bluhm. for Eu
reka: t\is Sea Rover, with stmr Bonlta in tow,
for San Francisco.: .
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Dlriffo for
Skagway. k .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Jan 30— Schr
Mindoro. for Puget Sound.
ASTORIA — Arrived Jan 30^ — Stmr Oregon
hence Jan 2S. Jan 29 — Stmr ¦ Aurella. hence
Jan 2C.
Sailed Jan 30— Br ship East African, for
Queenstown. ,
COOS BAT— Arrived Jan 23— Schr Jas A
Garfleld. henco Jan, 13. '.
KAIRHAVEN— Arrived Jan SO— Stmr Grace
Dollar, from Seattle.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Jan 29 — Stmr Co
quille River, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Del Nortt, hence 28.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed Jan 29— Schr Aloha." for
San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 30— Bktn Amaranth, from New
castle, Aus.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW -YORK— Arrived Jan 30— Br stmr In- :
dramayo, from Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS. " •-
EAST LONDON— Sailed Jan 30— Schr Chur
chill, - for Newcastle, Aus.
CALETA BUENA — Arrived Jan 30— Br shin
Alderprove, from Newcastle. Aus. -
SINGAPORE — Arrived Jan 18 — Br stmr Ping
Suey. from Liverpool, for Tacoma.
Sailed Jan IS— Br strar Mogul, for Manila.
Arrived Jan 1,1 — Ger stmr Nubia, from
Shanghai, for New York.
PANAMA — Arrived Jan 13 — Br • bark Karl
Dunraven. from Newcastle. Aus.
PACASMAYO — Sailed Jan 19 — Br shin O W
Wolff, for Barbadoes.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan 29— Fr bark
Dupleix. for Antwerp.
1 ST LUCIA— Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Indiana,
for New York. •
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior to Jan 30— Stmr
Olympia. from Tacoma; stmr Pleiades and
Jap stmr Shinano Maru, from Seattle; stmr
Siberia, hence Jan 8.
_ Salted Jan 30 — Br stmr Algoa, for San Fran
cisco: stmr China, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 5^-Br stmr Lytton. from Port
land, Or. Jan" 1— Russ bktn Berinjr. from
Petropaoulovsltl.
HONOKONG — Arrived prior to Jan 30— U S
stmr Solace, hence Dec 17.
LONDON — Arrived Jan SO — Br ehip Rowena.
her.ee Sept '23. 1; - :
LEITH— Arrived Jan" 29— Fr bark Edouard
Detaille. hence -Oct 3. •
MOJI— Sailed Jan 2S— Fr stmr Amlral Hame
lin. far Santa Rosalia.
SAN BI.AS— Sailed Jan S3— Stmr City of
Para, for San> Francisco.
¦ NAGASAKI — To sail Jan 30 — Stmr Missouri,
for Kobe. .
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Jan 27— Ger stmr Anu
bla. for Eaa Francisco.
" OCEAN STEAMERS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 30. 10 o m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 6 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
1 case firearms. 200 gals, whisky. 71 pkgs.
iron, SI pkgs. steel. 1460 bbls. lime, 1 pkg.
dry roods.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao, which arrived from Guaymas Friday,
too lato »to pass- quarantine, was released
early yesterday morning. After landing pas
sengeru and mall, and live and perishable'
freight at Broadway wharf, she proceeded to
the Selby smelter with her ore. The Curacao
brought her regular shipment of live" turtles.
Bhe also brought Mexican bullion valued at
$700,000.
The Curacao's passengers included the fol
lowing named: B. S. Felix and wife, Mrs. M.
Rice J. A. Agulrre, F. Wolfskin, T. O" Brine,
M, L. O'Brlne. Josefa Tafla, L. R. Comes,
Margaret Johnston, M. Acuna, H. Piefer. y"
Curacao Brings Much Treasure.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United State* Coast and G*odetlo J«™»,£—
Time and Height of High and
at Fort Point, entrance to San ncl^°
Bay. Published by official authority of the
NOT&^nw hikh and low waters occur at
the city front <Mt»slon-«treet wharf) about -*
minuus later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places. ¦
The British ship Aldergrove, which was
quoted for reinsurance at 40 per cent, arrived
yesterday at Caleta Buena, 91 days from New
castle. 'Australia., Although reinsured only at
20 per cent, grave anxiety Is felt for the safety
of the British "ship St. Mirren. now out 110
days from Newcastle, Australia, for this point.
She Is not only making an extremely long
passage, but is loaded with coal from the
same mine as came the cargoes of the Frank
istan and Fannie Kerr. These vessels were
'burned at sea as a . consequence of the spon
taneous combustion of the coal, which is of a
peculiarly Inflammable nature. The Martaban
is quoted at 00 per cent and the Robert Rlck
mers at 15 per cent.
Forty Per Center Arrives.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Alameda sailed yesterday for Honolulu, with
a full cargo and passengers, amonj whom
were the following- named:
E. O. Clayton. Mrs. Clayton. J.- N. Cobb-ptfiss
Clara Doyle. Albert" Friedenthal. W. T. Frost,
M. Gale, Mre. Gale and child, E. M. -Jones.
Mrs. J. S. Kimball, F. M. King, Colonel
Lauterbach. W. A. Ungham. Mrs. Llngham,
J. A. McClure, A. W. Miles, M. C. Milner.
A. H. Moffltt, Miss Margaret Slpple. Dr.V. J.
Stearnu, Miss Sturgeon, W. P. Sullivan. : Mlns
E. Suter. A. D. Wade. Mrs. Wade. Miss F.
Doyle.
Alameda Sails for Honolulu.
' A. Beltchenko, ' F. C. Graves, Mrs. Graves,'
D. Meredith. - Sheldon Painter, Charles C.
Tyler. Mrc.H. D. Wilson, H. E.. Deputy, Mrs.
W. W. Lockerby Mrs. I* G. Maxfield. U
Roser. Mrs. J. j. Seaver, B«v. E. H. Van
Dyke, Mis. Van Dyke.
-'As a prize for pirates the Occidental
and. Oriental Steamship Company's
liner, Gaelic, Captain Finch, which ar
rived yesterday from the Orient, is
about the most desirable thing that
has crossed the Pacific in many days.
She carries a cargo of peculiar rich
ness and much of It in such form as
to have made it immediately available
for the pirate treasury. This precious
freight included 1,500,000 gold Chinese
yen and raw silk valued at $1,100,000.
This is the largest shipment of raw
silk that has -left an Oriental port in
more, than two years.
The Gaelic encountered northeast
and easterly gales for almost the en
tire passage and from Hongkong to
the Golden Gate her way led through
heavy head seas, which* contributed
considerable discomfort to the passen^
gers until they had acquired stable
stomachs and good, serviceable sea
legs.
The Gaelic's passengers included
some people well known in the Far
East. A Beltchenko is attached to the
Russian Legation at Peking, j Charles
C. Tyler has been engaged in the oil
fields of Borneo, and L. Roser, bound
for Germany, , will return in a few
months to take a professorship at the
Tientsin University. Mrs. H. D. Wil
son Is a navy woman, her.husband.be
ing at present surgeon of the United
States ship Vlcksburg. ;Mrs. L. G.
Maxfield Is a Kentucky society woman,
who Uas been touring in the Far East,
and D. Meredith Is a Londoner, inter
ested in the dried fruit business,
, The Gaelic's passengers were:
GAELIC BRINGS PRECIOUS FREIGHT
FROM THE MARKETS OF THE ORIENT
Mrs.- Elizabeth G. Buckley (owner), with
Delanoy & Randlett (contractors), architects
Meyer & O'Brt»n-Att work for a pn« three
story and one two-story frame building (flats*.
on N line of O'Karrell stree^82:6 f~t W of
Octavia. N 120 by W 65: $24,000.
Fannie P. Farnrworth (owner) witn F. l^
Masow (contractor), architect* Nawsom A
Newsom— All work for a three-story and base
ment brick warehouse on W line »' Thlr-1
rtreet 137^6 feet N of Townsend. 137,8 by
A*. C.' Meussdorffer (owner) with Cain A
Clement Company (contractor*), architects C.
A. Meussdorffer— All work except mantels. Ba«
fixtures, shades, electrical -work, painting and
finishing hardware for a two-story a nd R . b f.!tr
ment frame buildlns on S line, of Beulah
street, 131:3 feet E ot Staayan, B 23 by 8
137:6; 13170.
Buildlns Contracts.
Catherine F. Kelly to Michael H. K«IIy, lot
en S Una of Hayes street. 16S E of Gough. E
27:6 by S 120; $10. •_ '" ,,
Annla McCafferty to Scott and J«nal» M.
Griffin, lot on NE corner ©f Oalc and PUlmore
streets. E 25 by N 87:«: $10. _
Flora B. Reynolds to J. W Wjht * Sons-
Investment Company, lot on S line of \ allejo
street, 62:8 W of Broderlck. "W 25 by H 137 :b;
J*. W ¦ "Wright & Sons* Investment Company
to Mary M. Yancey. same; *1O f
Emma G. Wright to Llssle T Troth, lot on
N line of Sacramento street. 137:fl W of Ma
ple. W 65 by N 127 :S%; $10.
Gaston Verdler to Emma US tanley. lot on
N line of Sixteenth street, 100 W of Church, W
W John 'center to Anton H. O. and Henrietta
H. Stohlmann. lot on K line, of Bryant street.
193 N cf Twenty-flrst. N 75 by E10O; . $10
John McDevitt to ««»«»» McDwlt^Iot on
W line of Vicksbur* street. 120 S of Twent) -
third. S 25 by W 117 :«: also lot on S Un« o.
Twenty-third street. 89:8 W of Vlcksburr. W
2S F^nl 6 M : .*Parcen. to Albert H. »«*•«««'-
Tided two-third» of lot on S lln« cf Twenty
third street. 150:10 W of Diamond. W 25.10 by
8 NtnV $ Tunr Benevolent Association to Ori
ental Dispensary, lot on E Una of Wasl "B«ton
place, 81 N of Washlngtor»-«tre«t. N 60. B 6J.
S 31. W 33, S 19. XT 30: $11,000.
Teonesto and Maddallna Vicchlo t» A. . Za
baldano. lot on 9 Una of Greenwich str«et,
63:3 W of Maaon. W 46 by S 60; $10. -
W Frank Whlttler tt> Henry E. Bothin. lot
on S corner of Howard and Beale streets. ST\
137:8 by SB 137:8. B. and W. 397 to 899; $10-
Annie M. Schulz to Ella Castelhun. lot or»
NE line of Gilbert street. 80 NW of Brannan.
NW 25 by NE 80; $10.
p. O. Llljenbere to EdwaM W. Kern, lot en
W lino of Potrero street, 129 S of Nineteenth.
S 25 by W.10O: $1O. „„ .
Ellen A. and Georz* B. Flf» to Albert vendt.
lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue. 130 N of
Point Lobos avenue. N 50 by W 120; $10.
Antonio and Grade Borel to M. P. La-rsen.
lot on E line of Thirty-first avenue. 1T5 S ->r
Clement street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
Joseph and Adeline Paldatcd to Marl* Ko
benr lot on E lino of Fifth avenue, 250 8 ot
Point Loboa avenue. 8 25 by 9 120; $10.
George and Kate Ryan to Oeor&e F. *nd
Thillle Keck, lot on SE line pt Pcralt* *v«mi9.
2S:63i SW of Butler street. SW 2S:6S,. »
77:9?i E 21:6 N 92:5%. lots 14 to 18. block
2. Franconla, Preclta Valley 50; $10-
Peter Anderson to Emma Anderson, lot en
NE line of Eleventh avenue. 125 SB of *•
street SB 25 by NB 100, block 210. Garden
Villa Homestead; elft. ' " , „..
Percy L. Peters to Anton & Franclsca Her
mann lot on N line of Elsht**nth street. 25
E of Hattle. E 25 by N 75. lot 2. block A.
Park Lane: $10.
William C. Larsen to Thllda Larson. lots
32 and 35. block 43, Sunnyslde: gift.
Frederick E. and Belle M. Ma*e« to Chris
tian M and Marian* Lange. lot on N line of
West Park street. 300 W of U'"^-^ r^
by N 100. lot 25, block C. French & Gllman
Odd* Fellows' Cemetery Association to Joha
H. Siemer. lot In cemetery; $190.
SATURDAY. JANXJART 8a
REALi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE : SAN "FRANCISCO;; CALL, JANUARY.; 3i; 1904;
BRITISH SHIP ST. MIRREN, WHICH IS MAKING A LONG PASSAGE
FROM AUSTRALIA WITH A CARGO OF COAL OF A BRAND THAT
f; CAUSED THE LOSS OF TWO VESSELS.
' In the; United Kingdom 37,500,000 peo
ple out ,of 40,000,000 receive -lesa; than
$60 a month": for .each family: l,<)OO,000
are : In dally • receipt of "poor : } law relief;
8,000.000 have only , a r week's;.wagres '•, be-,
tween them and starvation r-500 ] heredi<>
tary peers own one-fourth" of jEhgland?
and theyl'and thelr;.'dependents spend
every year ;UM,OOO,C00^ ;.;;::
42
James McGinn. Henry Hansen,
james mcginn & co..
Formerly With .McGinn Bros
Funeral Directors and Embalroers— -
214 Eddy st.: Tel. South 676.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. Funeral Directors and Embalmers— — —
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
•Now at fc66 MISSION. Tel. South 167
Between Fourth and ' Fifth, near Fifth at. -
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
• (Succf>*ors t9 Flannagan & Gallagher »
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr '
FUI iP^K DmECTOUS AXD EMBALMERS
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South SO. * • _
MriTE cf handsomely furnished rooms with
l**t of home cooking; every convenience,
private home; modern; location central,
.'lose to Market «t. Box 662. Call office. j
-~ - HOTEL I1ATTON " j
*77 Ptoe, nr. Taylor; elegantly t«™»^~ 1
tuites; private baths; all modem conven-
iences: excellent table. *"
sr.NJCT furnished rooms en Golden Gate Park.
Miiiable for one or two; $2-$3 a week; *5-*Q
-..itli board. 760 Sixth ave.. near Chutes.
•I! BURT lllO'.t— Three eunny furnished
loutua, with or "without board; fine marine
yletf. —
'l\ r i: FUlte rooms, with cr without breakfast:
new; modern; free phone; gentlemen. 2U_
i~WaJiace, 844 Van Ness, cor. O'Farrell —
fl-vyni Bnd beard, 525 month; new manage-
• • m. ____^ —
• « Wallace. 944 Van Ness, ecr. O'Farrell st. —
• ;.x?m and beard <25 month; under new man 'ft.
..COM and board, modern eon\-enienc«s. for a
cent.: private family. 1224 Golden Gate tre.
lintel Buer.a Vista. 1070 VaJencla st. (warm
belt of Mission)— Light eun. rooms; American.
FOR 1 cr 2 persons. privaU family: suburban
home; bay. mountain view. 1428 20th ave. a.
GUERRERO. 114. Tiear Market — Sunny rooms;
convenient location: good board; reasonable.
MOTEL ELEMERE. 418 Butter— Sunny rooms;
« xcellent table; froro $40; single 125.
TOST. 1114 r.r. Van Ness— Sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; rates reasonable; references.
Et*v«nscn tnsnsloa. £07 California— Fine room*:
sww chefs: colored eerrlee: table specialty.
O'FARRELL, SOS — Funsished rooms: horns
.cooking: Oerrsm tastily: >6 pir week.
i DWELL. B02. ccr. Setter— Large tunny corner
roogi for 2. terms reasonable: also single nn.
ROOMS AND UO AltO WASTED.
'."ANTED — Sur.r.y suite cf rooms with board;
home cooking; large closets; hot and cold
water- bath ar.d phor.*: terms must be
reasonable. Box ES8. Call offlce. :
I:OOM fcr two gentlemen !n amall German
family; state rrice. Bex tt". Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
w ANTED— By February 10, room for two
tteady young men; must be kept clean;
r>nty cf furniture; heat, ard walking dls-
tar.ee; state rrlce. Box "248. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
:.,-dles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
*re best; eafe. reliable; take no other. Send 48
Ktur.ps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
<'hlche»ter Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
STADLES TO LET.
STABLE to let: four stalls. Apply 214 Laoj-
ton et.
DIVIDEXD~~XOT1CES.
CAN FRANCIS-CO and Suburban Home Bulld-
ir.f Society. Cth floor. Mutual Savings Bask
toull£tnc. 708 Market st.. opposite Third —
For tbe half-year ending 31st vt December.
16C3. a dividend has been declared at ins-
tate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
capital stock and participating certificates,
free cf taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. l»04. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Uinurr. HUGH CRAia. P»«r»t»r*.
STCTTERI>~G A>D STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
In e%'ery case; tadlvidual teaching; no medi-
ctne. Inquire Into wonderful cures: home cure.
MARRIAGE LJCKXSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Robert L. Kirtley. S5. 116 Hyde street, and
re*quR'.a Catitua. 39. Oakland.
Harry A. KMerlutid, 32, 3291^ Third street,
an<i Hilda G. Pulkkraen, 21. 327*4 Third st.
Maurir* IlirshfUd. St, 1230 Octavia etreet.
end JoM>Dhine G. Kruse, 13. 3141 Twenty-
third street.
Bernard J. Klotr. 24, 1054 Post street, and
Gertrude E. Savage. 13, S3S Duncan etreet.
August WlcUersheimer. 25. 723A Tehama
street, and Annie Knunfer. 20. 400 Fulton st.
Edward £. Brauer. BS, a«0 JesFie street, and
I«« Fledt. 36. 1205 A Turk street.
«'harles E. Newell. 46. 2<»46 Fan Bruno road.
and Elizabeth L. Thomas, 2*. 1SIO Pine street.
Phillip II. Schuey, 2*1. UO Ellis street, and
Minnie J. Linderman, 2S, Efsarto.
Percy L. Peters. 21. 2522 Howard atreet,
and Esther Hallaran, 18, Kurcka.
I*urence O. A'.exaader. 23. 3406 Mission
meet, and Madge T. O'CaUaghaa, 19. 2910
Mission etreet.
Francis A. Gilson. 22. 117 Erie street, and
Blanche E.- £klnn«r. 21. 3342 Twenty-fourth.
Dfcksim A. Everett. 33, 1C23 Clay street, and
Emily J. Lord, 27, 14C3 Sacramento street.
Giuseppe Ebracia. CT 019 Broadway, and
J*o!a Franccsconl. 24. 619 Broadway.
William H. Glass, o0» Santa Cruz, and Bes-
Bfct M Hall, 24. 713 Dtvisadero street.
Alva H. Guanell. 2S. Grants Fat-*. Or., and
L»ura O. Thomas, 2.%, J*>fEers=on, Or.
Ralph L- f-!us*er, St. Santa Rosa, and Maude
M. Hex. 20. 143(i Mason street.
Joseph Boullet, 24. West Oakland, and Anna
C. Mclchior, 19, West Oakland.
John 11. Dawson, U-. il'JW Valencia street,
and Harriet VI. West. -U5, S*.»S3 Twenty -fourth.
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Hirtl), marriage and d*atb notices eent by
t.nail will not be. inserted. Thf y must be handed
in at -'.'.'• ¦ r cf the oublicatlon offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
¦oaa authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
1 f the event are published once in this column
free of charce.
BORN'.
IJEADLE— In this city. January 2S, 1904, to
tli^ Tvif« of Doncld Beadle, a eon.
HERNARD— December 2.'.. 1903. to tfie wife cf
John R. B«"rr.ard. a 6on.
BUOCKMANN— In this city. January 28. 1904.
to the wife of William Brockmann, a daugh-
ter.
CARRE— la thit city. January SO. 1004, to
the wife of Walton E. Carre, a daughter.
CBONIN'— In this city, January 25. 1904, to
the w i'e of J. H. Cronin, a. daughter.
GHIDOSSI— Janufu-y 2S. l»O4. to the wife of
P. Ghidossi of Bouldin Island, Ean Joaquln
County, a sen.
GLISSMAN—In th!i city. January 27, 1904. to
the wife of P. R. Glirsman tnee Maas). a
Kon.
3HIFFITH— In this rity. January 14. 1604. to
the wife of J. L. Griffith, a daughter.
UrCARTHT — In this city, January 20, 1904, to
the wife cf Dr. C. J m McCarthy, a son.
HATHEWSON— In thiTcSty. January 15. 1804,
to the wife of N. N. Mathewscn, a eon.
REARDON— In this city, December SI. 1808,
to the wife of Neil Reardon. a aon.
PIN-CENT— In this city, January 27. 1804, to
the wife of E. H. Vincent, a son.
VINT— In thie «ty. January 10. 1804, to tbe
•*-!?* of Joseph Vint, a son.
MARRIED.
BASTINfJ — HANSEN— In this city. January
16. J904. by the Rev. O. Groensberg. Henry
Easting and Elizabeth G. Hasscn
BRALVE— HANSEN— In thio city. January
27. 1904. by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Niels
N. Bralye and Hulda P-. B. Hansen.
LECTHOLTZ— CHRISTENSEN— In this city
January 2H. 1D04. by the Rev. O. Groens-
»>«rg. Niels Peter Leutholtz and Christine
H. Christensen.
?r;ST— LEE— In this city. January 20 1904 ;
hy the Rev. B. Franklin Richards, Festus
A. Putt and Margaret A. Lee.
DIED. ~
Ar.gelis. Mary McDonald. Robert
Bylin. Albert J. Masslnni, Andrew
• V>mmerf ord. Joha Methen. Sarah
•¦*"*!>*. Lemuel P. Molioy. Maria
•'rayton. George H. O'Leary, Mary
Ualey. James Ratlgan, Frank T. '
De Haro. Isabel M- Kchultz. Herman
Delacey. Thomas T. Samuel. Ernest '
Uolan. Michael F. Hloan. Patrick
Donovan. Johp Spring. Uary
O!>ugtierty, Michael Sn-anscn. John
lawyer. Patrick J. \'a.n Someren Harrr
I'yer, Phillna S. Walker. Frances C.
Plynn, Franris Waehburn. Mrs. J.
FcJey. Kathleen F. Weyrather. Dora
Haekeil. Noyes P. Wlchman. Pauline
Ki«zler. Aflnie Wlcktns. Arthur
LilU Conrad Wohler. Theodore J.
1NGELIS— In this city. January 80. 1804,'
Mary Angelis, beloved mother of Henry,
Kdnard. Kudclph and llinnie Anrells and
the' late Hmil Ancclls. a native of Ger-
:.-.?nv. ared iX years 0 months and 8 days.
. C^l'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Tuesday. February 2. 1SKU. at 10 o'clock, at
".lie mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2473 Mission etreet.
near Twenty- flrot. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric Juneral car from cor-
ner of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
10:30 o'clock.
ETX.IN — In this city, January 29. 1904, Albert
J. Hylin. a native of Sweden, aged 30 years.
£7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fuceral Sunday,
January 31. at 2 o'clock, from Eagles' Hall,
7::i Market street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Remains at the funeral parlors
•if Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate avenue.
OFFICERS aod members of San Frandsco
Aerie No. S are respectfully requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, Albert
J. Byltn. at 2 o'clock, from Eagles* Hall.
Meiabers cf titter Atric* ar* Invited to at-
¦ tend. By order of ¦ — .'
„ JEROME A- BAEEITT. JT. P.
*i< ou» pohucaxm; it. a,
¦*\» hereby wish to extend our sincere
thanks to our many kind friends for the
sympathy shown us in our late bereavement
ana for the floral offerings sent to our loved
one. Rutson J. Stone.
FROM THE FAMILY.
CARD OF THANKS
"We desire to express our heartfelt grati-
tude for the extreme sympathy accorded us
in our late bereavement, the deaths of Wil-
liam C. Lehrke and Mrs. Henry Lehrke
MRS. WILLIAM C. LEHRKE.
A. W.. G. F. and LOUISE LEHRKE.
CARD OF THANKS
E7Funeral services to-day (Sunday), at
the residence. 2525 Ftllmore street, at 1
o'clock. Funeral and Interment private. No
flowers. ' \ •
WEYRATHER— In this city. January 29. 1904.
Dora. Weyrather, beloved sister of Ferdi-
nand Weyrather and Mrs. H. C. Groeper, a
native of Hamburg, Germany.
GTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Monahan, O'Hara & Co.. 2339-41 Mission
street, near Nineteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
WICHMAN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. January 30, 1904, Pauline Wlchman, a
native of Finland, aced IS years. I
"V\ r lCKENS— In this city, January 22, 1904.
Arthur Wlckens. a native of England, aged
64 years 2 ( months and 0 days.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
- (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 046 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
Remains at the parlors of Halsted & Co.,
DIG Mission street.
WOHLER— In this city, January SO, 1904,
Theodore J.. dearly beloved Bon of Theodore
V. and Josephine Wohler. and brother of
Earl Wohler. a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 11 months and 15 days.
EyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
B77**-lends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her- late
residence, 422 Bosworth street, thence - to
St. John's Church for services at 2 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SWANSON— In this city. January 27. 1004,
John Swanson, a native of Karlshamn,
Sweden, aged 45 years.
E7.Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig, Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Polk and Larkin streets. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
VAN SOMEREN— In this city. January 29,
1004, Harrv Van Someren, beloved husband
of Kate Van Someren, father of Maude,
Anna and Francis Van Someren, and son-in-
law of Thomas* and Margaret Tierney. a na-
tive of Hollanf. aged 35 years 8 months and
8 days. A member of White Eaglt Tribe
No. 72, Imr>d. O. R. M.
&7Frtends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February ~. 1904, at 10 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of J. S. Godeau. 303 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to St. Francis Church
for service*. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
WALKER— In this city, January 29, 1004.
Frances Caroline Walker, beloved wife of
John W. Walker, born April 23. 1SS0. at
Lenox, Mass.. aged 23 years. (Boston papers
please copy.)
CTTrienda and a cquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, at 12:30 o'clock, at the residence,
1213 Taylor street. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
WASHBURN— In this city, January SO. 1904,
Mrs. Jean B. Washburn, widow of the late
A. H. Washburn. beloved mother of Mrs. C.
C. Hlggins. Brand mother of Henrietta and
Charles Higgins Jr.. and eister of A. O.
Bruce and Mrs. E. M. Auld of New York, a
native of New York.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' to-day
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy .Cross
Cemetery. • .
SPRING— In this city, January 29. 1904, Mary,
beloved wife of the late Henry Spring, and
mother of Henry, John H. and A. J. Spring,
Mrs. Henry Davis and Mrs. C. WWte, a na-
tive of County Kerry, Ireland,^ aged 63
years. r • .
ICFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« fuaeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of . Bunker & Lunt. 26C8 Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SCHULTZ— In the City and County -Hospital.
January 30. 1904, Herman Schultz. a native
of Germany, aged 59 years.
SLOAN— In this city. January 28, 1904, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of the late Elizabeth
Sloan, father or William J. and Mary Sloan,
and brother of John and William Sloan, a
native of Carlinef ord. County Louth, Ire-
land, aged 40 years.
Bush, thence to St. * Dominic's Church for
' aervlces. commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy 'Cross Cemetery. ' ¦
SAMUEL— In this city. January 29, 1904. Er-
nest, beloved husband of Cora Samuel, a na-
tive of England, aged 35 years and 5 days.
A member of Millwrights' Union No. 768 of
San Francisco. .
COMMERFORD— In this city. January 30. 1904.
lit his residence. 1028 Alabama street. John,
beloved husband of Annie Comnjerford, a
native cf Ireland.
CRANE— In this city, January 30. 1904. Lem-
uel P. Crane, beloved husband, of Bara J.
Crane, and father of Frank. Irvtn* and
Douglas Crane. Mm. C. W. Lang. Mrs. - J.
Todd. Mrs. H. C. Donnels and Mr». J. H.
Marshall, a native of New York, aged 80
years 5 months and 7 days. . .
tCTThe funeral services will take plac«
Monday afternoon. February L 1904. at —
o'clock, at the parlors of Halsted & Co.. 94«
Mission street. Interment crivate.
CRAYTON— In this city. January 29. 1904.
Geoi-ge H.. beloved son of Anna and the latn
Robert Cravton, and brother of William L.
Crayton. a native of San Francisco, aged 41
years 11 months and 7 days.
DALEY — In this city, January 30. 1904. James
Daley, beloved son of James and .Kate- Da-
Icy, and brother of Gertrude Daley, a na-
tive of Ean Francisco, aged 6 years and 12
days.
DE HARO— In this city, January 29. 1904,
I**bel Marie, beloved daughter of Alonzo
and Mary de Haro. and eister of Mra. E. P.
Kirk. Mrs. S. H. Adamsoa and Victor. Frank
¦ nd the late Josephine de Haro, a native of
Ean Mateo County.
E^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
February 1. 1904, at 12 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Comoany, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first, thence to St. Peter's Church,
Alabama street, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth, where services will b. held at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Crois Cemetery,
by carrlas*.
DELANEY— In Mojare, January 29, 1904.
Thomas F., beloved son of Nicholas and the
late Josephine Delaney, and brother of
Nicholas A., •William J., Mathew D., Louis
11. . Manruerlt. M.. Frances L. and Joaeph-
Ine Delaney. a native of Humboldt County.
Cal.. axed 26 years 6 months and 14 days.
E7Notlce of funeral in Monday morning's
papers.
DOLAN— In Oakland. January 30, 1904. Mich-
ael F. Do!an. beloved husband of the late
. Mary Dolaa. and devoted father of William,
John and Andrew Dolan. Mrs. J. Nolan.
Mr*. J. Adams and the late Mary Dolan. a
native of County Kilkenny. Ireland, aged 66
rears. A member of Central Lodre No. 25,
A. O. U. W.
SST Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully i:nitp.l to attend the funeral Tuesday.
February 2. 1004. at «:80 o'clock, from his
dauphter'* residence. K23 Filbert street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requlrni mass will be celebrated for the
repore <jf Us soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
DONOVAN— In Oakland, January SO. 1904,
John, beloved husband of Ellen Donovan,
and father cf Hannah M., Jeremiah C. and
John L. Donovan, a native of Ireland, aged
CO yen re.
DOUGHERTY— In this city. January SO. 1904,
Michael Jcseph, dearly beloved husband of
Katherine Dougherty, father of William and
Howard Dougherty, and loving son of James
and Bridget Dougherty, a native of San
Francisco, aged 37 years.
C^Remalns at the parlor* of Monahan.
O'Hara & Co.. 2339-41 Million street, near
Nineteenth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
DWYER— In this city. January CO. 1904. Pat-
rick J.. beloved husband of the late Mary
Dwyer. and beloved brother of Mrs. P. For-
fithe and the late John F. Dwyer. a native
of County Galway," Ireland, aged 46 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 12:20 o'clock, from the residence of his
eister. Mrs. P. Forsythe. 1447 Harrison
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
cervices will be held at 1 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DYER— In this city. January 28. 1904, Phillna
Sophia, beloved wife of James A. Dyer, a
native of Waterbury, Vt.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
February 1, 1904. at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence. 1IS5 Valencia street, near Twenty-
third, thence to Central Methodist Episcopal
Church. Mission street, between Sixth and
Seventh, where services will be held at 2
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from corner of Eight-
eenth and Guerrero etreets.
FLYNN — In this city. January 23. ;904. Fran-
cis Flynn. a native of County Leitrlim Ire-
land, ased Ca years. A member of Pacific
Coast Marine Firemen's Union.
Ej^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from tbe parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Patrick's Church,
¦where services will be held at 1 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOLET-In Alameda, January 28, 1904. Kath-,
leeu Frances Foley, beloved daughter of
Anastatla and the late Michael Foley, and
sister of Michael, Richard, Edwin, Olivia
and Cecelia Foley and Mrs. William Jones,
a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years
and 1 month.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 31, 1904. at 9:30 o'clock, from her
late rrsidence. 1530 Morton street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where services will be-
held at 10 o'clock. San Francisco friends
will meet funeral car at ferry at 12 o'clock
noon. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HASKELL— In East Oakland. January 28,
19O4. Xovrs P.. beloved husband of Eveline
M. HaEkell. and father of Mrs. A. EL Hills.
a native of Maine, aged SO years 7 months
end 7 days.
E7"Fncnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
Sunday aftt-rnocn, January 31, 1904, at 2
o'clock, at bis late residence. Bella Vista
avenue. East Oakland. Interment private.
KISZLEK — In this .city. January 29. 19O4.
Annie Kiszler. beloved sister of Mrs. C. '
Ludin, a native of San Francisco, aged 41
years 7 months and 22 dnyp.
. £7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
'Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F\ Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission, street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Ct»ietery. Please omit, flowers.
LILL — In this city, January 28, 1904, Conrad,
beloved husband of the late Catherine LHI,
and father of Aueust and John LIU, a na-
tlve of Walse. Bayern, Germany, aced 72 ;
years 11 months and 5 days. (Appleton, :
Wis.. and Portland, Or., papers please copy.)
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<2sunday). at 1 n'clocic. from the parlors or
H. F. Suhr & Co., - 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero etreets.
McDONALD — In this city. January 20. 1904.
Robert McDonald, a native of Carrick Fer- i
gu». County Antrim, Ireland, aged 74 years.
C7Frknds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and. Montgomery
streets, under the autpices of Excelsior !
Lodge No. 166, F. and A. M. Interment Cy-.
precs Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train :
from Third and Townsend streets.
MAESINNI— In the City and County Hospital, i
January SO. l'joi, Andrew Masslnnl, a na-
tive of Italy, aged 3S years.
METHEN— Entered into rest, in this city, :
January 2S. 1904, Sarah Methen (nee Bands),
beloved wife of the late Jacob Methen. and
loving mother of Ed Allen, Mrs. ¦ M. Corco-
ran and Mrs. E. Howell, a native of Liver-
poo!, Bngland. as?ed <;.'. years and 3 months.
(Xew York City and Brooklyn papers please
copy.)
C7Frlecds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 12 o'clock, from her late residence, 2
Simpson Dlace, thence to the Howard-street
M. E. Church, Howard street, between Sec-
ond and Third, for services at 12:45 o'clock.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MOLLOY— In this city, January 80/ 1904,
Maria Molioy. beloved sister of Mrs. I. B.
Woliard. and aunt of W. H. Issac and Mat-
tie Woliard, a native of County Roscommon,
Ireland, aged 70 years.
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
] (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, «12»£ Natoma street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a mass will be
celebrated for the repoee of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . »
O'LEARY— In this city. January 28. 1904.
Mary, be'.oved daughter of the late Julia
O'Leary, and btloved sister of Mrs. M. J.\
Hayes, a native of Sklbbereen, County Cork,
Ireland, aced 54 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
'Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 12:4a o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. A requiem ma«s will be cele-
brated for the repose of her aoul to-morrow
(Monday), at 7 o'clock, at St. Patrick's
Church.
IVA ZJ G , A £~ In . thli cUy - January 86. 1904.
Frank T., beloved eon of Edward and Mary,
Ratlgan. ar.d brother of Edward n.nd Wll-
"2 .5* t!can ' * native cf San . Francisco,
aged. 33 years 9 months and 21 days.
•# PT r; ? nd .* and "Cuafntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
?-«}H, es *-ern Addition Funeral Directors.
1 «24 Devltadero street, between Suiter and
F. J. MONAHAN. Manager. CTtl... Mission «L
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRB.
2339-2341 Mission st.. near Nineteenth.
_ £u Fraackco. ¦¦',--: uDried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins; Honey
The Giant Powder Company Consolidated haa
declared Us- regular monthly dividend of 50c.
payable February 10.
The Whlttier Union High School . District
will phortly\ Issue ' $75,000 4Vi per cent twenty
year bonds, of which $3750 will be redeemed
each year. .i'&SMMOffwMMMIVntflggaiBM
At the, annual meeting of the Standard
Quicksilver Company the following officers and
director* ¦ were elected: H. H. Taylor, presi
dent; '.Thomas Derby,-*; vice president; Z. W
Christopher, John Flournoy and J. W. C. Max
well. A: B. Davis was , re-elected secretary.
At the regular annaul meeting af the Bruns
wick Consolidated . Mining Compeny of Grass
Valley district * the following ' directors were
elected: R. Gllman ' Brown. John W. Pew,
Charles L. Barrett, . Charlea F.- Hunt and - J.
Stadtfeld Jr. Officers were elected as follows:
R. ' Oilman -Brown. ¦ president :' John W. Pew.
vice president; : J. Stadtfeld Jr..- . secretary; J.
Beyond a ' slight decline . ln Spring Valley
Water to $3S 75 there was no change on the
Stock and Bond Exchange, and the, oil - and
mining- stocks were "also quiet. Among the
unlisted securities 100 shares of Pacific States
Telephone sold at $102 50.'
-. Sales on the California Exchange last week
were27,S0l Rhares. ralued at $9<S0, the learl
inff ?ales beinsr as follows: Associated Oil
2511 shares; Claremont. 24CO; Independence.
2000; Oil City. 17.900: California Standard 050-
Home, flCO; Monte Cristo and Soverstga, 500
each, -i&tgim
The' Week Closes Quietly and
Without Feature.
EASTERN MARKETS, j
The pretsure J*as fallen slowly along the Pa
cific Codft. During the last twenty-four hours
there hat l>-cn a etcofy rise o\-er the Roclry
Mountain region.
No rain ha» rallrn on the Pacific slope, not
in the inlermounUiin rccion.
Tee temperature continues 10 degrees or more
above th«> normal in the interior of California.
Forecast made at San Franc!*co for thirty
hours er.ding mldnlrlit, Janurry 31:
NortiM-rr. Fair Kunaay; light
nrrUjtast winds.
.-^outhorn California— Fair Sunfiar: light
r.crtheart win^K. chan^ins'to southwest.
Nevada — Cloudy Sunday.
Pan Fr*nct»co and vicinity— Fair Sunday:
:ii-ht n.irthciist rrlnds. changing to northwest.
A. C. McADIE, District Forecaster.
*¦- - jj,
FORECAST
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 30. — The less belligerent
news from the Orient was the main Influence
In the pit to-day. Small holders took
profits, causing declines of nearly a cent In
both the July and May deliveries. Some of the
loss was regained, but the close was weak
with May - K&Kc below last nlehfs final
figures. May corn closed %®>4c lower, but
oats were up %c. Provisions were 7»£ to 30c
lower '
The leading bull operator supported the
wheat market on break* early ln the day, and
there was also scattered buying from commis
sion-houses, but the demand was not so urgent
as it has been recently. In the face of ht'her
prices at Liverpool, opening quotations here
showed losses. May being off a shade to >/J©*4c
at 90Sic to CMWc July opened MiftKc to V.<m
%c lower. at.829i@S2%c Local holders were
inclined to dispose of their lines, and in spite
of moderate buying by the big bull interest,
prices began to «eek a lower level. May de
dining to 89%c and July to S2%o within the
first half hour. Trading was of a dragging
character the greater part of the day. The
market exhibited . renewed eirrns of life at one
time, when, on a report that the big holder
wa« selling July, quits general liquidation .In
that delivery developed. July droppM* to 82c
and May told off in nympathy to Sft&e. Later
In the. day a firmer feeling was manifested on
less pressure to •ell.' but. the Improved tone
was only . temporary. Renewed profit-taking
and eveninp: up rales ovor Sunday caused a
weak eentlmcnt to rrevail at; the finish A'
less . bullish cash situation In the Northwest
had a dcpresMn* condition on speculative trade
May closed «i«%c'lt*ver.:at OOVic while July
v-os down =i«J!%c. at ,S2'4c •
; Corn p-lces declined ' slightly. In 'sympathy
with, wheat and tin.relljng crfdlted to a leading
packer; hut. token as " a '.whole; the market
was 0 *tnady one. The <"lose was steady," with
Hay *t,ft-\\e. lower, at 5OV4p. . " '
In the oats market strength 1 In- cash 1 articles
cfTcrt the ensler tone In wheat. May cloSRd at
43V.C. s '.e vt>. ¦
" --uldtt'on by commlsslon-housss and . sell-
Chicago Board o& Trade.
• PEARS — Winter Nellis from cold • storage,
SI ibii" per box.' • ¦¦.-'¦"¦
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel . Oranges. $1 C0®2
per box for fancy, $1 25@1 7S for choice ard
50c$$l for standards;. Seedlings. 50cS?51:
Tangerines, 75c@$l 25 per box; *- Lemons, $1 75
@2 50 for - f ancy.v $1 25@1 50 for - choice and
75c®$l f>r standard: Grapo Fruit. $1©2: Mex
lean - Limes. $4@4 50- Bananas. $1©2 ¦ : per
bunch' for. Hawaiian And $2S2 50 for. Central
American; Pineapples, $1 5O@ 2 50 per dozen.
Trade in Oranges and all other Citrus fruits
was quiet, as local requirements were mod
erate and there was practically no Inquiry for
shipment.' The steamer Alameda. which sailed
yesterday for 'Honolulu, took out about SCO
boxes of Oranges, . chleily large sizes, which
had been- bought at the auction sales during
the week. : The Puget Sound steamer, out to
day, will' -take some -small, shipments, which
were aiso purchased at the auction sales. Four
cars nre announced for to-nfcrrow's auction.-
Strictly f ancy_ Apples continued steady and
-rales of fine Newtown Pippins ln 3-tler boxes
were reported at $2 per box. The same variety
Jn 3^-tler boxes was steady at $1 65© I 75.
while' $1 50 was an extreme figure for 4-tier
packages. Medium grades cf Apples . were ln
free: supply, but ruled steady at unchanged
. APPLES— *l 6501 75 per box Tor extra
fancy; $1 23@1 50 for ordinary fancy, S5c©?l
for cHoice and 50@75c for common. - _ , ¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Flour qr sks .. 5.152 Onions, sks ... 871
Wheat, ctls 2.5C0 Bran, sks 1,820
Barley ctls 110 Middlings, sks.. £55
Oats ctls ' 10.8S0 Feed, sks «0o
Potatoes, sks .. 9,0'Sl
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 8,57.4 Screenings, sks. 2C0
Barley, ctls 2.«40 Tallow, ctls ... »V54
Beans sks • ¦ • • • 1.934 Hides. No. .... 800
Potatoes. Fks .. eOu QuIeksUver. flits • / 01
Of.ions. sks ... 10 Leather, rolls. . . 172
Bran, sks 230 Wine, gals . . . . B7.20O
Middlings, ska. . 320 Sugar, ctls 220
Hay. -tons 4SG Lime, bbls ... . 54S
Straw. . tons .... 13
JANUARY 30.
FOR SATURDAY,
Receipts of Produce:
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30. — Imports of dry goods
and general merchandise at New York for the
week were valued at S12.CC0.9G2.
Imports of -specie at New York were )»3C COS
gold and $14,701 silver. .
Specie exports from this port during the
week were $1,093,270 ir» silver and $263 850
gold.
Calif orniaStock and OilExchange
on Stocks— . Bid. Asked.
Alma ....
Associated Trust Cert IS ..*.!"
California Standard - li 12
Caribou 1 «m 2(t)
Central Point Coa 65
Chicago Crude ..... . ......... ":....
Claremont ' 43 52
i Esperanza : 1 5o ....'
.Four 71
(Fulton : ' 4 CO
; Giant
Hanford ......'. 142 0O 145 OO
Home ,......•:..-. ........*. 1 12H '1 13
Imperial 17 00
Independence 14 15
Juiictlcn 12 ....
Kern 4 50 5 0ft
Kern River 13 CO
Lien : 01 1
Monarch of Arizona :;.". ¦ .37
Monte Crtsto n, 75 TIM
Occidental of W Va
Oil City Petroleum .T* 36
Peerless 13 50
Plttsburg 12 .'25
Reed Crude*...... 4 60 , ....
8 F & McKlttrlck ....
Saa Jcacjuln O & D ....
Superior .'. •" ®S .•'til
Thirty-three 6 00 TOO
Toltec IS 2O
Twenty-eight 4 5O
West Shore 3 CO
Miscellaneous —
Abby Lard & Improvement.. 130
Alameda Surar 23 00
American Blscvlt 50 00 ....
American . District Tel ... •
C»l Gas * E!«*tric Corp .... ..-
California Cotton Mills S3 CO 85 00
California Jockey Club . ....
California Phlpnlne Co..: ....
Cal T»tl« Ins * ,Tro«t.. ....
Central R-nk of Oaklairf... .... 70 CO
Chutes CcmnaBT -•¦-
Cyprus Lawn Imp Co 9 Si -'^l
Fischer's Theater - 2 25"
Gas Consumers* Association. .... 21 60
Hrnolulu Sturar 1- CO
North"™ Cal Power ' ... 0 00 10 00
North ' Shore Railroad •••"••••" 20 CO
Orpheum Company 1(5 OO
Pacific St»te«,Tel Sc Tel .-•;• ••'-•
Para'flnp Patnt -• -• 5O
San Francisco Dr>do.-k.. .... r...
Sanitary Itedcrtlon Works... 1 50 2 25
Samnlltn T^and & Ferry ....
Sperry Flo=r Company ....
Open.'- High.' Low. Close
May ........?1 0S% v jrOU $1 08% $1 0»r
December ... 1 05 1 05 .'.1 05 , 1 05
¦ OATS— There " wero ; large receipts of 10.S80
ctlsfrcm Oregon, but they had' been sold prior
to arrival, so do . not -. come ; upon . the ¦ market.
The , situation shows t no change whatever; be
ing quiet.' with quotations very' steady.
White, $1 20@l ,35; ; Black. $1 25@1 55; Red,
$1 20®l 32 l i for teed and.$l 25©1 35 for eeed;
Grays. $1 32li Ver ctl.. i '
< CORN— The market is stiff, with all . de
scriptions tending upward, with light stocks.
Feeding • to ;¦ stock- continues in the • southern
counties* * : . ¦ - <%. ¦ ' ¦¦ *¦ ' ? " ' \ --.-'¦- ¦ -^ *
- W«»t«rn sacked, $1 30. for: Yellow, : $1 27U(®
1 30. for White and-$l 22% for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow,- §135; small:: round do :
$1 40«jn r«0; -White.", $1.35 per , ctl [Egyptian,
£1 4ii®l Jm for •: white and $1 25 for brown. .
-~ RYF.— SI 2W?l'S0 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75©2 per cU.
FUTURES/
Session 9 to . 11 :30 a. m.
Feed. $11O@1' 12%; / Shipping and Brew-
Ing. «1 1501 174; ¦Chevalier. -II 17%®1 40 for
fair to choice. - » "
CASH BARLEY.
California Club. $1 3H%@1 42%; California
White Australian. $1 45O1 50; Northern Club
$1 SS%@1 41% : Northern Bluestem. $1 47W©
1 CO; Oregon Valley, $1 40.
" • FUTURES.
" Sestlon 9 to 11:SO a. m.
Open.' High. Low. Clot**
May ....... .$1 38 $1' 3SH r $1 33 $1 38^4
BARLEY — The market is still strangely apa
thetic, .with ro movement one way or the
other. Trade : continues quiet. ;
CASH WHEAT,
The Chicago wires of Bolton, de Ruyter &
Co. nald: "Market Is about' %c to %c lower.
It ' Is tho same hesitating. nervouB market as
for several divs past. Liverpool again showed
f8lr etrenKth on restricted shipments from Ar
gentina. The Eastern situation is also a.fac
tor. Operations in this market are only mod
crate and of a scalping nature.^ Armour sup
ports tho May. price on the soft'spots, and the
trade . |s disposed- to, think he -sells a little
through brokers on the hard spots. He Is
probably not changing the extent of his hold
ings materially. The visible supply may show
a small decrease ou Monday, but milling 'op
erations form such a largo percentage of the
demand that surprises are possible. Toledo
reported a good milling demand and there is
fair cash activity ln the Southwest. In present
conditions we think a irood scalping market Is
likely the best that may, be hoped." -.
There was no -change In this market. .The
demand for cash Wheat continued fair.
WHEAT— Foreign futures continued very
firm. " ¦
Chicago continued unsettled, declining from
90%c to S9%c and recovering ¦ to OOUc. There
was a good milling demand in the lake region
and the Northwest, though there was talk ln
Minneapolis of some of the mills preparing to
fchut down. ' •
Wheat and Other Grains.
EGGS— Ranch, 25(S26c for . cholc* to :. fancy
and 2"*/24c for small nnd mixed colors; store,
23@24c: cold storage. 1S013C
There was no . change in Cutter. Fancy"
creamery continued . firm and scarce. Dealers
reported thajt the hotels and restaurants were
falling, back upon cold-etorage goods again.
' The Cheese market • continues dull, with the
shelves still full cf stock. ;.
Receipts were 33,400 lbs Butter. 055 cases
Erks and 22fl0 lbs'Cheese. -¦ -
" BUTTER — Creamery; 29c for firsts, 30@31c
for extras and.20@2Sc for seconds: dairy, 18©
22c; store Butter, nominal; cold storage. 22f#
24a for extras, : lS@20c for seconds and 10@18c
for ladle-packed.- .
¦ CHEESE — 10@ll^c for good. to choice nsw
and 7H®oyjC for lower (Trades; Young Amir
teas. ll(S12c; Eastern. 15S 16c: 'Western. 14®
15c per lb'-*«J3»Mp«fi**>«« ¦ : (
¦ Eggs closed the week very firm, with a sharp
demand for northern shipment by the steamer
whioh sails to-day. This demand was so urgent
that- tho shippers raid up to 25c ¦ and took
anything they could get, ranch or store. The
trade were of the opinion, however, that the
shipping demand would fall off this week, as
Seattle reports the supply increasing' dally
there. The market was practically bare at the
close, with the commiflftion . merchants dis
posed to save their scanty holdings for their
regular city customers.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Thfs Gaelic brought £50.000 gold yen from
Yokohama for the International Banking Cor
poration and 200,000 for the Anglo-Californlan
Bank (Limited). -
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... $4 ss%
Sterling Exchange, sight.......... — 4 8O'.*j
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87^4
New York Exchange, sight . ... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican/ Dollars, nominal 44 © 45
Silver and Exchange were unchanged.
• Exports of gold from Australia In 1U03 up to
November 30 were £15,«34.092. against £11,
473.H22 during the same period in lf>02. Of the
gold shipped in 1903 £8,078,63S went to India,
£1,600,000 to South Africa. £2t»,801 to Hong
kong, £1,500.000 to San Francisco and £29,610
to New York. The balance, amounting to
£4,15>i,ttt4, went to Great Britain.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— FLOUR— Receipts
eWX); exports. 16.100: market oulet but
chanped. Winter patents, $l -^iffA fi.V w'nter
Jtraights. $4 20fl4 35; Minnesota patenis $1 ?5
60; winter -extras. $.{ 20©.{ 50- Minnesota
bakers. ?3 00©4 20; winter^low grades? |3@
WHEAT — Receipts.- 12.600 bushels?. Spot.
/ «' iV - a fl fl0! l t: £"; x har< 5 Manitoba, nominal
f. o b. afloat. Options experienced a modtrate
decline this mcining. as a result of good
news from the Far East and an absence of
bull support. The close was a trifle steadier on
covering, but etill He below yesterday Ma v
fl2*tfrft2Tic. clcsed ft2Hc; July S7SS7%c' cfosed
Coast. .1903. 2CS34c; 19C2. 23@27c; olds 10©
15c ' J '
HIDES— Firm; Gah'eston, 20 to 25 nound*
18c; California. 21 to 25 pounds? 19^7?™
dry. 84 to 80 pound3, 14c.
WOOL— Firm: domestic fleece, 2S-S32c
PETROLEUM— Steady; refined New 'York,
COFFEE — Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice 9c
mild, fcteady; Cordova, f^iffmvic. The market
for coffee futures closed 5@10 points hichrr
Sales, 1SS.000 bags. March. .S.COc; May 8 25©
8.35c;June, S.45c: July, S.SftW.S.Cric; September
8.S0@S.90c; Octcber, 8.S5e8.90c; December'
9.10r. , '
SUGAR — Raw, quiet; fair refining-. 2 I3-16c
centrlfugal. 00 test, 3 5-l«<j; molasReswsusar
2 9-lCc: refined, quiet; No. (i. 4.C0c- No 7
3.C5c; No. S, 3.40c; No. 0. 3.85c; No. 10 .1 .$0e-
No. 11, 3.75c; No. 12. 3.70c; NoV 13, 3. 65c :' No'
14, 3.00c; confectioners' A.' 4.25c; mould A
4.73c; cut loaf. 5.10c: crushPd, 5.10c; powdered
4.50c; granulated. 4.40c; cubes. 4.C5c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market Is
generally quiet and unchanged; common are
quoted at. 4i/5c: prime, 6<i@5%e; choice 5U
@Cc; fancy. U'i&Tc. . ' "
PRUNES— Easy; quotations range from 3Uc
to Cc, acccrcilnsr to crade.
AP1UCOTS— Steady; choice. O'^j&M^c; extra
choice. B^filO'^c: fancy. ll@15c
PKACHES — Slow; choice, 7%@7?4c; extra
choice, 7H®§c; fancy. 0@10c. •
New York Grain and Produce.
BAGS— Grain Baits 5tf@3Hc: San Quentln,
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32335c; Fleece Twlnt. 7%&
8c.
COAL — Wellington. (9 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $0; Standard. $7: Roslyn. $7;
Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $7; Wallsend, 37; Rich
mond, $7 60; Cumberland. $13 ln bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 CO; Cannel. *S 50 per toe; Coke. $11 509
13 per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rock*
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 20OO lbs and
$12 HO per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are lor barrels; for cases,
add Cc; Linseed, 49o per 1 gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1 70c-
Bakers' AA. $1 10@l 12; T.ucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut.*6O@70c per gailon-
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. SOc; natural winter Sperm OU 75c- extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whale
Oil. eOc: txtra winter strained Lard Oil. 85c-
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil 73 C :
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: light Herring Oli 45c :
dark Herring Otl, 43c; Salmon Oil. 3Sc: boiled
Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. Tic; boiled Paint
Oil, 35c: raw Paint OIL 33c.
COAL OIL — • Water White Coa! OH
In bulk, 15c; Pearl Oil in cases. 21%c- Astral
21M:c: Star. 2M-.e: Extra Star. 25Hc; Elaine'
27>ic; Eocene. 24^e: Deodorized Stove Gaso
line. In bulk. 17c: ln cases. 2.'! l >c: Benzine, ln
bulk. 13c; in cases. 19^Ac: SG-degre« Gasoline,
ln bulk. 25e: In case* 31c.
TURPENTINE— 8Sc per gallon in cases and
82c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red O*ad. 6t$9
7c per lb; White Lead. CU«7c. according to
quantity. m .
SUGAR— TOre Western Sugar Refining Com
liany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb ba*s:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.35c;
Powdered. 5.4tc: Candy Granulat-d. 5.40c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.3Cc: Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.30c: Fruit Granulated. 5.30c; Beet Granulat
ed (100-lb bags only). 5.10c: Confectioners' A.
r..30c; Magnolia A, 4.fl0c: Extra C. 4.S0e; Golden
C, 1.70c; "D." 4.C0c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. "Zc more; boxes, 30r mere: 50-lb bags,
10c mere for all kinds. Tablets^ — Half barrels.
5.8<Tc; boxes. &£5c; H. & E. Cryotal Dominos.
8.30e per lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
General Merchandise.
SEATTLE. Jan. 30.— Clearings, $449,218; bal
ances. $125.46-8. .
SPOKANE, Jan. 30.— Clearings, $231,180
balances, $37,254».
TACOMA. Jan. 30. — Clearings, $345,550
balances, $;{2,023.
PORTLAND. Jan. 30. — Clearings, $355,295;
balances. $79,001).
Northern Business.
There was a better demand for Game, par
ticularly Ducks, and Mallard and Teal 'were
quoted higher. Receipts were liberal, "but
everything cleaned up well. ;
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 17ff20c per lb;
livo Turkeys. 15017c per lb: Geese, per pair,
$2@2 25; Goslings. $2<®2 25; Ducks. $3 50® u
per dozen for old and $4 &0££5 for young; Hens.
$5 50',} 0 50 for large and $4 S0@5 for small:
young Rocsters, $5 50@ti; old Roosters, $3@
5 50; • Fryers, $5@U; Broilers, $4 50Q5 for
largo and • $3 5C#1 50 for small: Pigeons,
$1 2S@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25^'J 50
for &Qi<ab9
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $2 50@3 50 per doz;
Canvasback. $3@4; Sprig. $1 50@l 75; Teal,
$1 25: Widgeon, $1; small Ducks. Toe;
Gray Geese. $3; White Geese, 75c@
$1 25; Brant, $1 25 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. (4 50 for large and $3 50 for small:
English Snipe, $3; common Snipe, $1 60; Wild
Doves. $1:- Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails ana
SI 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 -5@1 50.
As usual on Saturday trade ln Poultry 'was
qniet. Quite a quantity of domestic stock and
a portion of the car of Western that came ln
i on Friday had to be carried over for Mon
! day's market. Another car of Western 'falls
' dua to-morrow. A lew cases of dressed Tur
1* keys cama ln and sold at the previously quoted
1 rates. .... /
Poultry a ltd Game.
PORTLAND, Jan. 30.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 74®75c; blue stem, < 79@80c ; valley, 78^
«}80c. ' •.'¦¦..
. WASHINGTON. ~^
TACOMA, .Jan. 30. — Wheat, unchanged;
blue stem, 79c; club, 75c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market. *
>.EW YORK. Jan. SO.— There was a fair
Saturday inquiry in local metal markets but
of ™sterdav C <Se ln 1 uotaUon » from those
Copper ruled o,uiet> -Lake, $12 C2US12 87W
12 e S lyU0> " 51250 @ 12 " 3 : casting, T1237V&
Tin was steady. Spot. $2S 25fi28 33
Lead. fair. Spot. $4 43@1 50.
Speiter. . quiet and easy, fl D5@5.
Iron was dull and unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
Duties on Imborts.
The rw cip:s cf cutifo 0:1 ipport« at the San
Frar.cisco <*u<tom- house during th<? month of
Jju.t-.-ry «en $<C2.HS, egair.st 5C77.442 In
January. V.*C t ehouing a decrease of $*5.294.
In Janurry, i;'0«, the reccijus were $75^,246.
Coinage for January.
The coiner* at the United States branch
mlr.t in thi* rity during the month of January
consisted of $2.2S".<>00 In douMe eagles. f4S5,-
O0<t in half t-atrl's and #1.2Ti.«XiO standard sil
ver dolUr?. n-.aklrs a total of $4,017,000,
apainft f -l.f'TC.OOti in January. 1902.
l^o cal Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings IaFt week were J20.-
S43,lflS. epainst t2:>,37l«.4S3 f<ir the correspond- 1
inp »«.*k in lflftt. Ttie cleartngs in January
».^r» J127. lt'a.S-TJ against $12^.w95.t»0 in Jan
uary. U03, a df<-r<ase of $931. S17. which is
not a good beginning for the new year.
Ncia York Bond Market.
M»-mf*rs of lfaiing bond house* in New
are quoted as saying that tho January
!n<; rkrt sor bonds has been disappointing. One
tinui* which does a large business for V»'ett
on aoc;ui:t »n: 'The public is too busy
Iiaying up its losses In Etocks to invest In
!'¦ n£s. The bond market is disappointing. The
. : ¦>¦ i;jfuf-s we have any sale for are . very
iuj.h irradf railway bonds. The public's dis
::u.-t of anything but the best is pathetic."
The Cotton Market.
Private wires from New York brokers to
1 :i. tie Bnyter & Co. yesterday faid: "This
ta&rktt »at < haracterized by the most sensa
tinnal oveiniglit rite ever experienced here.
Kiirt price* frhoned an aiSvann of from 42 to
M j>cir.ts. broupht about by advance In .Llver-
I-mi. also largest' ever recorded ovct night.
Conjecture-is a* to cause of action of Liverpool
at variance. In fome quarters It is attributed
10 a comer In January-February option*. The
tnoct plausible rea?cn is that the advance
r&used American buying on stci>-lOKs orders
I>ut Jn liy short intrrens -which were reached
¦t UG4. Socn after our op«iiT>B an immense
fio«,d »if ovfnnght felling orders were B«nt in.
cauFine rearticn of from 18 to 24 points. Heavy
buying iur loac account eoon brought about a
ncmety hrA the close was strong, with July
tcuch'.rg 1C.HI nnd other options well up. Part
«;f the advar.cr at the close was caused by
covcrinc 01 yhcrtf and prices responded readily
'..: ljuy:n»c orders of moderate, size. Receipts,
t l;ich »'t» light ar.d t-o optimated fcr Monday,
csp«etallj: fiir Houston, were a. strong bull
;r.r in the day's trading. According to
"-'.:¦:.;• v Hffi^r'f Ftstement there is a loss of
feboct lT.*.,(i<ift bales in the visible supply, as
RCainst UFt yfar, and the twenty-nine days of
January show a decrease under last year of
Hfi.ofwi bales. Th* print cloth market is re
•« rt'-d jstror.fr, with sellers in command of the
situation. -
••\\V- have no advice to offer and no sugges-
Uotj 19 :r.rk«- excej>t to say to people who are
«Tir!ine<i to tra<Je in this market to keep up good
marring. It j s ustf !e« for us to say to the trade
to-vi.-. v tr, l>«- f«r<ful. for the npascn that no
<ar'Tu! man willtrade in this market."
Weather Report.
fl2fth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 30—5 p. m.
The. fr',!r.jR-ing sre the Bcasonal rainfalls to
cat«, of compared with those of same date -last
•e«i£on, and rsur.fa.;] In last twenty-four hours:
Lest ' This Last
Ftatlor.s — 21 hour*, season, season.
Eureka O.OO 23.32 37.3<J
IVd B!j»f O.OO 13.50 1C.2S
Facram'.-nuj 0.00 5.22 0.02
Fat: Frsnc:«co .'. O.OO 7.10 O.5S
I~ra>ao O.OO 1.43 4.87
InaepentJence 0.00 0.42 1.54
S?.n L-jik Obinro O.OO l.W> K.41
!/•« Arigelw 0.0.3 0.57 3. 54
b'r.r. Dicto 0.00 0.45 (J.4S
THE COAST RECORD. ~~~
M 2 52 O o» «3
- c ;i ;=• -» <jr .«
STATION. j li'-is'sS ?.
'¦ i 2 : if
"_ : ; • :
Iiak»r SO. 42 40 20 XW Pt.Cldy .00
«"arb<.-2 3O.3S R4 .. X Clear .00
K'lirka s:».2O XA 42 PW Clear .00
»'r-*r,o 30.23 «S SO E Clear .00
FliiSts.5 "0.08 50 14 B Clear .00
Farjllcn art. 18 Ur. CO NW Clear .00
;.H.a'.elu« .10. HS -40 24 E Clear .00
Ind- i-endfncc .30.14 ,(M 42 NW Cloudy .00
1.- Angela.. 80.12 70 i8 SW Clear .00'
Mt Tamslrais.:;0.19 60 4«5 NW Clear .00
'.-,:!-«' C$ - i
I'oint Uc ;«»... 30.: 2 r.3 40 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Phwiiir 30.12 et :«) NW Clear .00
V'jTtUni -tft.42 S3 28 NW Cloudy .00
Ke<J Bluff S0.16 72 44 N Clear .00
Iio.-eburE 30.20 40 82 NW Cloudy .00
t-acrnmento ..20. IS C2 40 SE Clear .00
e«lt Lak<. 30.3s 36 IS NW Clear .00 !
Han Fra:ioiM-o.: j .0.18 «0 40 NW Clear .00
HdnL.obIspo.Jia.12 72 2S N Clear .00;
S^an Diogo »».10 C« 40 SW Clear .00
Seattle HO. 40 42 34 N'W Cloudy .<»0
Spokane .10.4*1 :tti 2fl E fHoudy .00
Tatuocli ."U).4O 46 40 K Cloudy .00!
Walla Walla.. ::r».4« i2 24 NW . Cloudy .00 !
Wi&nemucca .."0.44 4S 1G W Cioudy .00 i
Yuma :;o.OC 7* 32 N* Clear .00
LONDON. Jan. 30. — The offerings at the wool
auction Sales to-day numbered 13,000 bales. A
lew lots or supftricr greasies ] were taken by
Americans. Withdrawals were frequent, prices
beli.g against buyers. The ! sales will close
Monday. ;'*'-' -t^- '-"[fy.
London Wool Sales.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San "Francisco, less 5U
per cent Khrinkace . for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, SgOe: Cows and Heifers.
7®«c: thin Cows. 4tf5c per lb.
CALVES — 434V»c per ib (gross weight).
SHKEP- Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewe*. 4!4©4%<J
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 505%c per lb
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to ISO lbn. Btf®5%c:
over l>0 lbs. Sc; soft Hogs, lUc; Sows. 29 per
rent off: Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40
per cent off trom above quotations.
Mutton and Lamb rule firm, with li*ht sup
plies. Beef and Pork are steady and un
changed.
DRKSPED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are 83 fohows:
BEEF — «%@7%c for Steers and 63<5U C Der
lb for Cows.
VEAL. — Large. S«9c: small. OGlOc Per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. S%©10c: Ewes. afly%o
per lb.
LAJIB-!0i4eilf per lb.
POP.K— Drewd Wf*«. 7«TSt4c rer lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
LIVERPOOL.
. Wheat— March. May,
Opening .64% 63%
Closing 6 4ft 6 3%
PARIS.
Wheat— . ¦ : V :¦-' Jan. May-Aug.
Opening ......20 90 2120
Closing ¦ 21 20 . 21 20
Floui- —
Opening 30 40 2S 70
Closing .28 75 28 70
Foreign Futures.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 30.— Wool— Steady. Me
dium grade*, combing, and clothing. 17@21c;
light fine, lf.filT'/ic; heavy fine. 12#14%c; tub
washed, 20@3C%C.
St. Louis Wool Market.
10O Hutchinson S P Co 8 CO
143 Hutchinson S P Co 8 25
5O Mutual Electric Light 12 (at
25 Mutual Electric Ught 11 87%
25 Mutual Electric Light. 11 73 '
5SF 1 Gas & Electric. | 5$ 23
13 Spring Valley W ater Co. a 00. . 39 (10
So; Spring Valley Water Co, s 80.. 38 7.%
12 Spring Valley Water Co 33 1%
5 Spring- Valley Water Co 39 CO
$3,C0O Fprins Val 43 (2d mtge) -. . 90 «2%
$S,CCO Spring Val 4s (3d mtge) 08 23'
Street —
"$1,000 North Shore 5 per cent 80 75
fl.CCO Pac Electric Ry 5 per cent.. ..105 00
Morning Session.
Beard—
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.130 139% ! Oceanic S C 5"
C»i F C A. SW — Pac Aux FA. 5 5V4
Cal W A .. — 07 |Pac C Borx.167 —
Hana P Co. — — Kilauea S C. — \ 8
Hawaiian C. 44% 45l' k Makawell C 20% 2^
lionokaa S C 12' .12% Onomea S C. — 2S
Hutch S P. 8% — Paauhau 3 C 12% 1*
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 LomP*& A. — 17»
Anglo- Cal . . S9% *J2 , Mer Trust Co — 240
Bank of Cal. — 413 Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp — 149% S P Natlonl — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 230O Sav & L So. 10O
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Bk . — 450
Mutual Sav.. 100 — Union T Co.. — 0
S F Sav U.. — 650 w
STREET RAILROADS. .
California ..197%205 [Presidio .... — 42%
Geary - SO I . • *"*
POWDEB.
Glant Con... 62 64 I Vlgorit ..... S —
Cent L&P. — 4%jRFO&E.53 5SU
Mut E L Co. — 12 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co. .. 56 — U G & E .. — 3d
S E O A R — —
TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — I
Flrem's Fnd339 "r.O |
BANK STOCKS.
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Contra Ccsta 'JO 40 jl'ort Costa .. — —
Marln'Co .. — 63 i3 V W Co.. 3874 —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Afk.l Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup-.107'ilC8 4s qr cp new 133 Vim
4s qr reg ..IOTV1IC8 !2a qr coup.. 107 . 1C8V*.
MISCELLANEOU3 BONDS.
Ala A W 5a. — — O T Co 6a.. .US ¦ —
Day C P 5S.102 103 Do 5s . . . .1C9. *— ¦' -
Cal CO 5s. — 107 Do con 53.102" — >
C C O & E g Om Cablo Cs.12! —
m & ct Ss. — 101 Pac O Ian 4s — 98
Cal-st 3s ...lit — Pac E Ry 5s.lO4*i —
C C Wat Be. — 104 P & C H 6s.l03 —
K L & P Cs.125 131 P & O R 63.111 —
F & C II 6s. — 12O Powell -st 6s. 112% —
Geary-st 5s.. 43% DO is E G R 5a. — 100%
H C&S 5%s.lO4 — SF & SJVSs.llSUUSt,
Do 5s«.... 9S*ilOO S R of C 6s. — 112^i
Hon R T 6s.lOtJ ¦— 3 P of A Ca
L A Elec Oa. — — (1000) 105% —
L A Ry 5s.— lia (1910) 10tt% —
L A L Co «te — — SPofC«a- ¦
Do gtd «s. — — a005)Sr A.104. —
Do gtd 5s. — 104% <19C.5)Sr D.104T4 —
LAP lem Bs.102% — 3 P of C «s
Mkt-st C 6s.ll6% — <19C«) 108- — .---
Do lem 5s.ll5 — (1912) — 118V1
NRR of CCs.lOrt — s P of C lsi
Do 5s 117% — c gtd g 5s. — ¦£.*!*.
N P C R 5». — 105 '4, Do stmpd. — 10OT4
N C R 5b.. — 112 S P B C Gs.lTJ^i —
N C P C 5i. W 10O S V W 63.1(>e%lC7U
N S R R 5s. 99% — Do 4a 2dm. 00% —
O G L H 53.103 — Do 4s 3r!m. 09 —
O W.C gtd3» — 00 Stkn G&E «a — 102
Oceanic S 5s — 75 U G A E 5a. — —
WATER STOCKS.
SATURDAY. Jan. 30—12 m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Miscellaneous Markets.
The close won at mar the top and steady,
with the nearer positions f>7 to 75 points up
and the later months 2 to 48 points net higher.
The sales of the day (estimated) were 40H.0O0
bales.
The liquidation following- th? call .carried
the active months down from 22 to 28 points,
with March selline at 10.20c, May 19.50c and
July at l«.50c. nut at this point there was
bull support and the market was forced up to
a still higher level, with March reaching
16.4oc. May 16.7i)c and July 16.00c, a net ad
vance of 72 to 75 points.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— Never before has
such an advance as that of this morning been
witnessed over night in the cotton market.
• nd iierha'pa never before has the market
•shown such wild excitement. ' Cables from
Liverpool were spectacular. They reported
an advance of 2!i to 3."»% points, when they
were expected to be 5%<5'10 points lower. There
wen» sensational advices from Liverpool als=o,
mentioning a corner in January-February, with
exciting buying on RtoD-loss orders and ru
mors circulating reeardlng the condition of
Ct-Mntntal. Liverpool and American houses.
Here the first prices were at an advance of
42 to 81 points on the old an4 12 to 48 points
on the new cron months. March, which last
night closed at 15.8^c, opened at 16.25c, sold
up to 16.42c on the call. May. closing yester
day at 16.04c. advanced to 16.7flc, and July,
closing at lO.lSe, opened at 16.80c. There was
heavy liquidation ard immediately following
the call prices sagged eft a few point* but
the mnrkot remained very excited, with trad
ing: very active.
New York Cotton Market.
Mexican dollars, 42',4e. Bonds — Governments,
steady; railroads. Irregular.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — ... Sales. High. Low. Close.
AtchiBon 1D.7U0 7i»'i C9% li»%,
Atchison pfd 200 Ul»« 01 W Vl
Bal & Ohio 5.700 tUV4 SS»4 S3%
BoJ & Ohio pfd 100 JU-% W>i 91
Can Pacific 700 USVt 117% US
Cen of N J 159
Clies & Ohio ' 2C»0 lUij 34«4 34
Chi & Alton 100 3Cv{ M% ¦ 'M%
Chi & Alton pfd...' 100 Srt»i 83% S3%
Chi & G W H00 16*i ltf»i 16»«,
Chi & G W B pfd.. 200 30 20i,i 29
Chi * N TV 200 lC7tf l«7^a 1«3
Chi Ter & Tr 10%
Chi. Ter & Tr ptd 23
C. C. C & Pt L 7!>«
Colo Southern .... 300 18 IS 17',A
Colo So 1st pfd 5U>«i
Colo So 2d pfd 200 26 25»i 25
Del & Hudson 300 167l£ 167',4 1C5
Del. Lack & W 272V-
D&RG 200 21-/4 21% 21
D & R G pfd 72
Erie 2,500 27. .% .27% 27«i
Erie 1st rfd 700 67 06% tHi%
Erie 2d pfd 1,000 47?4 47Vi 47>i
Gt Nor pfd 170
Hock iriR Valley * ~5Vi
Hocking Val pfd . 100 K\ 83% 83
Illinois Central ... 2,000 133H 133 133
Iowa Central 12OV4
Iowa Central pfd . . , lOO 39 39 33
Kan City So ' 19
Kan City Bo pfd . • 36%
Louis & Nash 100 107 107 107
Manhattan L 1,800 114^4 143% 143H
Met SL Ry 400 121 >i 121 1203*
Minn & Sf L 00
Missouri Pacific ... 2.600 04 93% 93%
Mo, Kan & Tex 17V*
M. K & T pfd 200 39% 39V4 39
N R R of Mei pfd "38
N Y Central...... 400 119&4 119% 119%
Nor & West 700 01 •» 00^ (50%
Nor & West pfd.. 89'
Ontario & West 2,100 23% 23% 22%
Pennsylvania 27.000 120»i 12U 12oL
P. C. C & St L 64 '
Reading 8,500 4<i»,i 43% 45%
Reading 1st pfd » 79^
Reading 2d pfd t!l
Rock lsl Co ...... 7,500 24% 21^4 24fc
Rock I&l Co pfd 100 C4% &1% 64
fit L & S F let pfd I Oti
StL&S F 2d pfd. 300 4* 48 '47«4
St L S W 200 15 14»i 14V-
St L S W pfd ' 200 S4 34 34 "
Ft Paul 4.700 Ii5 144>i 144^
St Paul pfd * 177
So Pacific 9.400 50% 50 50%
So Railway 300 22V« 22% 22 *¦>.
So Ry pfd 300 84% 84' $3%
Tex St Pacific 700 20V* 2tHi 2*5
Tol. St L & W * 2«
Tol. St L & W pfd % 38%
Union Pacific ll.tJ0O\ 81 Vi S0»i S0V
Union Pacific pfd X W
Wabarh 20%
"Wabash pfd 1,200 ») 39 39%
Wh & L E. ....... 100 18% IS% 17%
Wl« Central 700 20% 20 19^
Wis Central pfd... 600 46% 45 45%
Express Companies —
Adams .* 220
American 193
T.'nitcd States 108
Wclls-Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amal Coj.per 14,500 48% 47"4 41%
Amer Car A F.... 500 19*4 19% 10'i
Amer Car & F pfd 6S
Amer L Oil 10%
Amer L OH pfd 27
Amer Loco 1,300 21 % 20% 20*4
Amer Loco prd 1OO 79% 79% 79%
Amer S & Ref 1,000 SO 49% 4i>%
Amer S & Ref pfd I 02%
Amer Sugar Ref.. 1,200 128 127% 127*.
Anaconda Mln Co .* 70%
Brooklyn R Trar.s. 1.500 4S% 47% 47W.
Colo Fuel 4 Iron.. 300 31% 31% .".1 «A
Ool & Hock Coal.. 1,500 15^ 15 14%
Cons Gas OOO 193?4 103% 103Vi
Gen Electric . 2.40O 172 170 170%
Inter Paper 100 13% 13% I.I
Inter Paper pfd fifiVi
Inter Pump 100 37 27 ::r,Vi
Inter Pun-.p pfd 72
Nat Biscuit 100 40 40 40
Xat Lead 700 15% 15% 1T.U.
Ncr American HC,%
Pacific Mail .. 400 27 % 27 27
People's Gas 70O 101 100"$ .1007$
Pr.*es*d S Car 300 SI 31 .TflSi
Prfp^ed R Car pfd 70 '> ¦
Pullman Pal Car 2lA "
Republic Steel 100 7% 7% 7%
RepubUc Steel pfd. 100 44% 44% 44
Ruhbcr Goods 200 21 21 20%
Rubber Goods ptd 77
Ttrn Coa: & Ircn. 700 3S% 3R C«
V R Leather RfW 7>4 7% 7V*
i; P I>eat»ier pfd... 100 7Si; 7KV4 7fi 1 4
r R Rubber ...... 500 13?$ 13'4 im/t
r R Rubber pfd 52^
U S Fteel 7.5OO 11X4 !"•* 10^
TT K Pteel pfd 32.700 B5T 4 04 Tfe - r .4^
West Union SS
Nor Securities 9i%
Total nale» 274.800
UNITED RAILROADS F SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Jan. SO. — Bond transactions.
United Railroads of San Frar.cisco, 10,000 at
$79 87%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4; aEked 4%; preferred bid
3514: asked 35%.
NEW YORK BOND3.
U S ref 2s reg..lO5 Louis & >j unl 4s. 99
Do coup 105 Manhattan c g 4s. 103 14
Do 3s reg 106 Mex Cent 4s ... CO
Do coup 107 Do let inc .... 1BU
Do new 4s rcg.l."J2VJ Minn & St L 4s. »7
Do coup I33U M K & T 4s 07%
Do old 4s reg.107'4 lio 2Cs :. SC'%
Do oaup 107V1 N P. It of K c 4s 7C"4
Do 5s reg 10I»i!N Y CpM g 8%s. KSV*
; D«> coup 101'ijIC J Cent GT" 53. .131
Atchison gen 4«.lC0- N or Pacific 4s...lO.1iJ
Do Rdjt 4s R9'4 Do 3s 73
Atlantic C L 4s. 03% Nor A .TV c 4s... 07%
Hallo & O 4s 101% O S L 4s & Par. 93%
Do 3%* t»4%jPenr. conv 3%s.. flflij
Cent of Ga Gs...lOO Heading gf>n 4*.. 00^4
Do 1st inc 70% St L & I M c 58.112^
CT.»>s & O 4^«...1(H% Kt L & S F fg 4s. 83%
Chi Jt Alton 3%s. 761S St LS W lsts. 031,4
,U*U & Q n 4s.. 03% Seaboard A L 4s. 68%
C M & St P g 4s.lO8 Ro Pacific 4s ..'. SO
Chi & N W c 7s. 131 li So Railway 5s... 113
C n I i- P R R *s 71% Tex & Pac lrts.,116%
Do col 5 S2 Tol St L & W 4s 72
CCC&SLb4s n7»/4 Union Pacific 4s.. 103
Chi Term 4s 78% Do conv 4s .... 87%
<Vm Tobacco 4s .59% C S Steel 2d 5s. 72U
Colo & So 4« .-r-«»V4 Wabash Ists ...115%-
Denver & R « 4n. 9S% Do D«b B .... Or.'A
Erie prior llea 4s. 98 Wheel & L B 4s. 00
Do Gen 4« Rn% WJa«Cent 4s 89
FtW.tDC lsta.105 Colo F & I c 5s. 73%
Hockin? Val 4V,s.lO5
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ...... 1C1 Little Chief 0C
Alice • 27 Ontario .... COO
TJreeca -•- 10 Ophir ....4 50
Frunitwlck Con ... CC Phoenix ,13
Comstock Tunnel . . C§ Potosi : 25
Co:i Cal & Va.... I 70 Savage M
Horn Silver .... .1 05 Sierra Ncv '..... . 75
Leadvillc Con .... 02 Small Hopes ..... 20
Iron Silver 1 i'5!Eiandard .........1 CO
Receipts of southern vegetables continued
light and choice lots were quickly disposed of
at good prices. Two boxes of Asparagus came
In from the Sacramento River. One met with
prempt sale at 5Oc per pound, while the other
was not sold, being small and of poor quality.
Tho three boxes of new Potatoes that came in
on Friday from' Mission San Jose were dis
posed of at '3® 4c per pound. It Is reported
that the Rhubarb growers across the bay have
formed an association for the purpose of mar
keting their crops and regulating prices. It
is the Intention of the association to appoint
pome local dealer as sellins agent in this
market. /
POTATOES — Burbanks from rne river, 80c©
$1 per ctl; Salinas Uurbanks, $1 40@l 60 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks, $1 10@l 30 per ctl;
River Reds, G0&75C per ctl; Garnet Chiles, 90c
6$1 per ctl; : Early Rose. U0cS$l per ctl;
Sweet Potatoes, $2 10®2 25 per ctl.
ONIONS— Yellow. $1 40@l 60 per ctl: Green
Onions 50@75c per box. ¦ : ..
VEGETABLES — Gretn Peas, 4®7c per lb;
String Beans. 15@20c per lb; Wax. ;
Tomatoes from Los Anpeles. *l@l 25 per box
or crat«; ¦ Rhubarb. 10c. per lb; Summer
Squash from Lcs Angeles. $1@1 35 per box;
Cabbage. $1 per ctl; Carrots. 50c per «ack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. 50c@$l per dozen" for
small and $1 50<32 for large; Garlic 6
©0c per lb; Kks Plant, 12%@20c 'per
lb: Dried Pf-ppers. 5©8c per !b for Stock
ton and 10^12'.4c for southern: Dried Okra,
12V4c-per lb; Green Peppers. GJJIOc per lb:
Mushrooms, 35@o0c per lb: Marrowtat and
Hubbard -Squash. $10015 per ton for -round
lots'and Vi'ii%.c per lb for sacked.
Receipts of Potatoes were 10,281 sacks, in
cluding y«Sl from Oregon. The market had a
weaker tone and trade was quiet, as buyers
were holding oft awaiting the unloading of the
Oregon steamer. Oregon Burbanks that came
in. by rail on the preceding day told at easier
rates and- some Jobbers were anticipating fur
there declines. Salinas Burbanks were scarce
and steady, while rivers were unchanged, be
ing firmly held by speculators who control the
market. No fresh Sweets came in. but car
ried-over stock was plentiful and met with a
steady inquiry at tha recently advanced rates.
Fancy Onions were well cleaned up and trade
was quiet pending the unloading of 871 sacks
that arrived on. the Oregon steamer.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
J. Halpln. assistant secretary and transfer
agent in New York, and the Farmers' Loan
and Trust Company, registrar in New York
and depositary for the fund?, and C. H. Mal
len, superintendent of the mine.
At the annual meeting of the Humboldt
Savings dnd Loan Society en tb« 2Sth tba old
board of -directors was re-elected aa follows:
W. s. Keyes. .W. J. Lowry. I. Kohn. W. A.
Frederick. George L. Payne. Rudolph Herold
Jr. and G. H. LuchMnger. Dividends at the
rate of B per cent per annum were paid to
shareholders last year and depositors received
3 k per cent. ;¦.-
Wcol and Hides continue steady and Hops
firm at the prices cuoted for some little time
past. Stocks of Hops continue to diminish
steadily.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9c: medium, Sc: *«-ht. 7*4c: Cow Hides.
7V4c for heavy and 7V-e for -light;* Stags, 5c:
Salted Kip. Oc: Salted "Veal.- :0c: Salted Calf.
lO^c: dry Hides. 15@18e: dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf.' 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 23®30e each;
short Wool. 40<365c each; m*dium. 70@00c: long
Wool. $1(31 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2(32 50 for medium. $1 25<jil 75 for
small and COc for Colts. Horse Hid^s. dry.
$1 75 for large ajid $1 50 for medium. 9161 25
for rmall and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 7.">c; large and smooth. 50c: medium. 35c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 r*nd«red. 4c per lb; No.
2. 31.4 c: create, ?i-4<S-1c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Jraquin Lambs', fl®
lie: Middle County. U*me: Northern De
fectlr*. fxaiOc: Nevada. in<f?15c: Oregon fine.
lS«Sinc: Or^pon medium. 17c wr lh.
HOPS— 25©30c per lb for California. 1003.
and 17©20c fcr croo of 1JMH.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO.
I CHICAGO, Jan. 30.— CATTLE— Receipt*,
500' slow; good to prime steers. $4 75@5 50;
poor to medium. $3 75@4 50; stockers and feed
er* $2 25O4; cows. *l TiCKS-4; heifers, $1 75®
4 60; canncrn. $1 50@2 30; bulls, $1 75®4 10;
calves, $3 50@7. '
' HOGS — Receipts to-day. 23,000; Monday, 45,.
O00- shade lower; mixed and butchers, $4 S0@
6- good to choice heavy, $4 85©5 10; rougli
heavy $4 7.^4 90; light, $4 60@4 S5; bulk of
sales, " $4 60«H f>5. ¦:•
SHEEP— Receipts. 1500; sheep and lambs
steady; good to choice wethers. $4 25®4 50;
fair to choice mixed, $3 50ig4: Western theep,
jlgn 25: native lambs,. $4 25@5 00; Western
lambs, $4 50®5 90.
Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 30. — On the Produce Ex
change tc-day. tl-.e butter market was firm;
creameries, 15g22c; dairies. 13@10c. Eggs,
easy at mark, cases Included; 27®20c. Cheese;
eteady. 10<5>10>4c
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Th«re is no further ; change In Beans or
Seeds.. The former are still firmly held, with
the exception of large White, which are weak
at the decline already noted.
BEANS— Bayoj. $2 35@2 45; Pea. $3 23; But
.Ur8.'$3; small White. $2 05J?3 05; large Whlt«.
52 25ff2 50; Pink. $2 80@2 90; Red. ?4 25@4 50;
Lima. $3 25@'< 30: Red Kldnej-g. $4 a5(S4 50;
Blackeye. $2 15@2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans,
S2®2 60.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3 50; Yellow Mus
tard, .12 (J5fta 80; Flax. $1 8031 00; Canary.
C&5%e for Eastern; Alfalfa, 14@14?4c; Rape,
iy,S2c: Timothy, «>©«%c; Hemp, 3%©3%c per
lb; Millet. 3@3&c; Broom Corn Seed. $20(^23
P€ DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of this
city f6r the week shows: Loan<? $Dtfi,552,10O.
Increase $2P,487.200; deposits $l,O2:<,0i3.8GO, in
crease ?S7,040.D00; circulation $42,7::9,OOO. de
crease $102,200: lesral tender.? $75.(S37,iiOO de
crease $l.S03.I00; specie $200.4S7,5C0, increase
$10.2i>0,W!0; .reserve $231,115,000, increase $S.
4CC.500; reserve required $2o5,9S7,00r», . Increase
$'J,l>10,125: surplus $2r>,l£'j,05O, decrease $9»J<-
C20; ex-Uni!fd States deposits $34,353,800, de
crease £935,450.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Cons for money. 87% N T Central 123
Do for acct... 87»i Nor & Western.. 03 ft
Anaconda 3% Do pfd. 1 ... 92
Atchison ......71% Ont & Western.. 24
Do pfd 9t^ Pennsylvania «2
Bal & Ohio.. S(J% Itand Mines-.* OVfc
Can Pacific 121 H Reading 23%
Ones & Ohio ,':5% D o 1st pfd 41
Chl^ Great W 17% Do 2d pfd...... -31
Chi. Mil & St P.14I> 8o Railway 2.V
De Bfera 10% Do pfd SC^
Den & Rio O.... 22% So Pacific 51 %
Do pfd 74'A Union Pacific 83»4
Erie CSH Do pfd 03V,
Do l*t pfd.' as% U B -Steel 11%
Do 2d pfd 49 Do pfd 57*i
111 Central il"*% Wabash 21li
Louis & Nash... 110 Do pfd 40%
M. K & Tex.... 18U
Bar silver— Steady. 25%d per ounce.
' Money — 2.3*214 per cent. " ' ¦ ¦
The ratft of discount in the open market for
short. Mils is 2%®3 p«t cent and for three
months' bills 3 per cent. ' < .
London Closing Stocks.
Quotations remain unchanged, with a quiet
market. . The Chicago letter of. Bolton. de Ruy
ter & Co. says: "Market weak and about 10c
to 30c lower. Hob receipts continue consider
ably In excess of last year, the estimates for
Monday are large and there is every indica
tion of a continued large movement. Prices at
th» yards 5c lower. Stocks of Provisions here
aro accumulating and mu3t be sold at other
points. The situation does not seem strong
to us. The general drift or prices of Hog
products seems to us lower."
The steamer Korea, sailing Tuesday, will
carry 51 carloads of beef for Port Arthur, be
ing part of the contract placed in thb city. by
tho Russian Government. The shipment is
from tha Armour Packing Company of Kansas
City.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. HVtC for light medium. 13V»c for light.
14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; California
Hams. 12y.@nc; Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl;
extra Mess, $12612 50; Family. $13; prim*
Mess Pork. $16; extra clear. $24; Mess. $13;
Dry Salted Pork lH*c; Pip Pork. $28: Pigs"
Feet. $5 25: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb Yor
compound and 9^ie for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9%c; 10-Jb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. 10%c: 3-lb tins.
10MC
COTTOLEXE— One- half barrel, 8%c: three
half barrel*. 8%c; one tierce. 8^c; two tierces.
8^c; five tierces. 8^c rer lb.
Provisions.
Wall-street stocks easy. Cotton higher.
Local securities close the week quietly.
Silver and Exchange rates undisturbed."
Local hank clearings decrease $931,817 tn January.
Arrival of 850.000 gold yen from Japan.
Wheat and Barley quiet at unchanged prices.
Uirgc receipts of Oats from Oregon.
Corn sfill being fed to stock down south.
Southern counties calling on Hollister for Hay. /
Bran and Middlings very firm, with slender stocks.
No further change in Beaits or Seeds.
Heavy receipts of Oregon Potatoes weaken the market.
Onions and soutliern vegetables in fair supply.
Alcmeda Rhubarb growers forming an association. >r
Poultry quiet, with considerable left over. Game firm.
Trade in Citrus Fruits still inactive-.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins featureless.
Dry weather menacing the out but of Honey.
Fifty cars of packed Beef en route from the West to Port Arthur.
Local and Chicago Provision markets uncJumgcd.
Wool and Hides steady and Hops still firm,
Caiilc and Sheep still suffering in the south.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 30. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Fiour, steady; winter patents,'
$4 20(S4 60; straights, . $'S&i 20; spring patents,
5-4 1024 50; straights. $3 60@4; bakers', $2 40®
:< 30; No. .1 wheat. 7S@87c; No. 2 red. SS&©
92Tic- No. 2 corn, 47%c; No. 2 yellow, 48c; No.
2 oats; 40©«H<.c^ No. 3 white. 40V4@43c; No. 2
rye, 57c; pood feedinB . barley, 3S@39c: fair to
chotca malting. 43@07c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 10;
No. 1 Northwestern, " $1 16V?; prime timothy
seed, $:»03; mess. pork, per barrel, $13@1312^;
lard, per 10O pounds, $7 10&7 15; short.- ribs
tide* (loose). $<< 25@6 50; short clear * sides
Vboxed) ?0S7 1 /<@7; whisky, basis high wines.
Si 25: clover, contract grade, $1125.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels •• 24,800 05,100
Wheat, bushels 30,100 46,300
Com, bushels 232,500 322.S0O
Oats bushels. ....... .132,700 110,100
Rye." bushels •••. 2.800 5.80O
Barley, bushels. , .......... 107.C00 17,300
HAY— Wheat. $14017 50: Wheat and Oat.
$ll«jlC 50; Oat, S14@1G; Wild Oat. $13@15:
Barley, $12@14 50; Stock, nominal — none here;
Alfalfa, $1261.1 50 per ton. . r- -
STRAW— 5C@75c rer bale.
Bran and Middlings continue very firm, with
small stocks and light receipts from the north.
The Hay situation continues strong. Said. a
large dealer yesterday: "If the present stocks
of Hay were in: the hands, of the -farmers in
stead of the San Francisco dealers and large
country holders the market would be $2 50 per
ton higher and we would havq a $20 Hay mar
ket to-day." The same dealer reported «that
R.;P. Lathrop of the large Hay firm of Hol
llster r informs him that a surprising number
of orders are now being received from the Sa
linas Valley and . the southern counties and
that he is making daily shipments to the
south. : The prospects around Hollister are re
ported unfavorable .for- the growing crop, tho
mornings - being frosty and ." the days hot. . As
for the south, there will be no Hay there this
year unless the rains sot in snortly. But they
arc still , plowing in the dusty ground just tho
same, and if there is to be any crop In the
proposition this year they will get it.
BRAN-^$21®22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27 50©20 per ton.
SHORTS— $21©22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, fi?4<723
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. ?20 5C031;
Jobbing. ? 32; Cocoanut Cake. $21@22;-Corn
Meal. $23 C0@2!) 50: Cracked Corn. $2dtfau;
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Horse Beans. 530-g 10 ' pvr
ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
RaHroads-r- . ilDinsham 22
Atchison C0% (Calumet & Hecla.455
Do prefd 91% Centennial 15>i
Boston & Albany. 210 V Copper. Range ... 44
Boston St Mains. WS Dominion Coal ..01
Boston L ..'. 14l> Franklin 8
N Y N H & H:i'J5»i Isle Koyale 8
Fitchbunr rrefd..l3(P/ 4 Mohawk 3«%
Union Pacific . . . 80^ old Dominion . . 10
Mexican Cent 12%;Osceola 5S
Miscellaneous — Parrot j.. ... 20
Airer Sugar 127%!Quincy 90
Do prefd 12(t uSanta Fe Copper. 1%
Amcr T & T . ..1 2<i% Tamarack ..105
Domin I & S ... S'/iiTrlnity .......... 4T&
Gen Electric ...17u United States ..w 20H
Maas Electric. .. 22 Utah ,32%
Do pr*fd :;r...- 79 Victoria •;-... ....• 1%
United Fruit .... 97% Wlnora C%
U S Steel 10% Wolverine ....... 72V4
' Do prefd 543JI '
FRUIT— Apricots. 7V»(50?ic for Royals and 0
@llc for Moorparka; Evaporated Apples, 4@
5%c; sun-dried. 3@4c; Peaches. 4@<3Vic: Pears.
f®10c; Nectarines. 4@5%c; Figs, white. 4@4T»c
in boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pitted, BQ9c per
pound. 1111
PRUNES — 1»03 erop. 2%®2*4c for the four
sizes.
.; RAISINS— F. o.' b. prices. Fresno, for 1003
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 2-crown.
5Wc per lb: 3-crown. 6%e; 4-crown. e%c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4#c: do. floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultana?. 4%c: Thompson^ Seedless.
5%c Lomlon Layers — 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown.
$1 35: 4-crown clusters. $'2; 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 60; 6-crown Imperials, S3: Malaga Loose. 2
crown. -6c per.lb; do 3-crown. 5%c; Valencia
Cured. 4'ic: Pacific, do. 3»ic; Oriental, do.
2%ic. Seeded Reislns— lC-o* packages, fancy.
Sc per lb: choice. 7%c: 12-os packages, fancy.
O^c; choice. «%c; In bulk, fancy. 7% c; choice.
7%c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13U«»T4c.
No. 2. llJ^®12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13613%c:
No. 2, lUfWlHc; Almonds, lie ror Nonpareils.
10%e for I X*L. IOViC for Xe Plus Ultra and
S%c for Ijjnguedoc: Peanuts. W'c tor Eastern.
Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $1 S0@5; Ciiest
nuts. 5®7o rer lh. :
HONEY— Conab. lC@ll%c for white and SHO
9%c for amber; xrater white extracted. 39
5»,ie: light amber extracted. <i%@45*e: dark.
3H04C.
BEKSWAX- 27320c per lb.
ing . credited to packers caused weakness in
provisions. A late decline in the price of hogs
.udded to the depression. May pork led In the
decline, closing with; a. lots of, 30c: lard was
off iL'Vjc, while ribs were down T'^QlOc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — - Open.' High. ' Low. Close.
Whgfit No. ' . i f~~lIWHIH ilHiiDOinfmiMlllWil]
May f.. ........ 90% 90% 89?J 90VJ
July ¦ Si!% 82 % 82 S2%
September ...".. 78 78 77Vi 77%
Corn No. 2 —
January 47 47 40% 4G%
May 5«>% 50% BO 50%
July 4S5» 48 Vi 48V& : 4S%
Oats No, 2— ,
January 40 40i* 40 40
May 43 43U 42%. 431-4
July. -T8 . 38% «37T4 ' "- S3
Mess Pork, per bbl — '
May .; .13 27% 13 30 12 97% 13 02%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January ... 7 15 7 20 710 7 10
May .-. 7 42% 7 42% 7 30- 7 80
July 7 42% 7 42% 732%,732%
Short Rlba, per 100 lbs—
May 070 670 '660 G 62%
July 6 82% 0 82% 0 72% 6.72%
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In . packages are as
follows: . Graham: Flour. $3 25 ptr 100 lbs;
Kye Flour. $3 -'5; Rye Meal, $3; .. Klce. Flour,
$7: Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $1: Oat
Groats, $4 50; , Hominy, $lf<4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 5C©4 75; Cracked Vheat, $3 75; Fa
rina. $i 50; Whole Wheat Flour. SU 50: Rolled
Oats. obis. $7 "5ffS 60; In racks, $tt 75&.< 10:
Pearl Barley, $U; Split Peas. Doxes, $7; Green
Peas, (5 50 per 100 lbs.- •
4 83. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $15061 CO;
Oregon and Washington. $3 00@>4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 90® 4 40 for Bakers*.
... • . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; TANUXrY 31, 1901.
Continued on Page Forty-two.
. Prices = rule \ firm y (n sympathy with.' the; raw
grain, '- but the. movement In the ; manufactured
good» -la 'not brisk.'' ,-" ! - •" - . ¦*• •¦•
FLOUP.— California Family - Extras.' $4 CO©
Flour and Millstuffs.
$on»y— W>tt!r.j;h Com.... 8*
Call loans ,1 «M*4 Ml:ilns—
Tirr.p loans 3!4<?5 Adventure 2l£
Tends — Altovce ..'.;<-«>*
AtcMtoa 4» OSii Amalgamated ... 4«?i
llcrican Cent -la. C9 Daly West ..... »4%
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
?.ETV TOHK, Jzn. 30.— Money on call wa*
r.omlaal. No loans. Time loans were ticaay.
»".-. rlxty day, ct Ufi xrr cent; swiety days!
4 i>t tent; s'.r month* tril»{ p- r c«rr.t Vri«ne
inercaatilc paper. 4%ff5*4'pcr cent. Stirling
•::chanfe »' 4 « steady, with arun; bu«P»«« In
har.l.«-r* - bills nt $4 K.bC&A S.'..i& for d»m»nil
«nd a: Jl W.rotX S3 for F'.xty oays. pr.id
i«tes. $i -'-'• I »« ant $4 KHU.f.4 vr A -. m .
'"Wl.. Uli. $4 SIS* St-a. Bal ,:l'er. &£c.
t'r — ____
Nab York Money Mar bet.
There * Is no ¦' chanffa' worthy of \ note. V The
market : continues dull, though the feeling . la
the East seems to be growing rirraer. -',. ...--:
. The continued - dry : weather In tho ' southern
counties is " causing i apprehension among , the
Honey producers. • for It threatens not only the
Hcney ! output 'thl8 year, but the actual life of
the bees: • • According to L. "-. E. Mercer." secre
tary - of the California » National * Hon«y Pro
ducers' Association, there are about 60,000 colo
nies ' of' bees In .< California, 't south of the Te
hachapl • Mountains, ': and ; it . begins • to look - as
If a large percentage of these colonies will die.
The "colonies '.will? commence breedinff -.within
several ¦ weeks, and if the season continues dry
they, will \ breed very". lightly, badly weakening
the ' colonies. - The Southern ' California output
last ; year waa 150^ carloads. .
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
43
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
/^' ' * • **¦ ? **
Or SO Head of Sound. Heavy Draft
and Driving Horses and 20 Head
of :Large Marcs.
Suitable for Ranch Work, en
MONDAY. February 1. at 11 o'clock.
At ELLI3-ST. STABLE. B15 ELLIS ST.
The above stock Is all In good condition,
heavy bened and blocky built, weigh: from
llu» to ltKlO. from 5 to M years old. thoroughly
broken.. This ia an opportunity seldom of-
rered to purchasers to get this class of horses
direct from the ranch, where they worked up
to the night of January 2S. and if you want
such horses at your own prlcea don't fall to at-
tend this sale, as they must and will be sul4
to the highest bidder.
WE.WILL ALSO SELL
10 head nf good work mules, several sets of
single and double harness and 2 spring wagona,
1 surnar (almost new) and a number of carts,
buggies, ftc. S. WATKINS.
Phone East 743.
£a FIFTH CONSIGNMENT^
..Auction Sale..
—OF—
100 Head of Mares and
Geldings
Weighing from 1000 to 12CO. Consigned from
the Churchill Co.'*. J. F.. C. B. and D. ranches
Yreka, Slsklyou County.
To Be Sold Monday, Feb. I, 1904,
At H A. 31.. at
Salesyards, 1732 Market st.. cor. Van Ness a»«.
FRED .H. CHASE & CO*
; - LlTe»tock Auctioneers.
fe fe
DON'T FORaET THE BIG AUCTION SALE
of horses, wagons, carts, buggies, surreys, and
peddling wagons and all kinds of single and
double harness, TUESDAY. February 2. at
1140 Folsom st. WM. CLOUGH. Anc ttone«r.Univcrsity Control of the
Public Schools in New York
Is TAg Bone of Contention
Educational matters in the State of
New York do not seem to be running In
harmonious channels, according to a
statement made to a. citizen of San
Francisco by Charles R. Skinner, Su-
INTERFERENCE
IS RESENTED
There seems to exist In the atmosphere of
our own university a very Ill-advised opinion
as to the competency of university heads to
(nark out a path to be trodden by secondary
cohorts and school authorities. This theory
crops out in the form of a department of so
called scientific pedagogy.
My experience of thirty years In the school
room inclines me to the belief that there Is
no such thing as a science of pedagogy. Science
may be — it should be used as an auxiliary- In
The fact that such a contest exists In the
State of ]few York^can be readily believed
h<">». " |t }' fff H niTlHH UllB
Edlter of The Call: A recent letter ad
dressed tw the writer of this article ; from
Hon. Charles It tsklnner. Superintendent of
Public Instruction In the State of New York,
contains a clause that deserves more than, a
passing notice.': Tlie article Is as follows:
"Educational conditions, here arc in a fear
ful tangle owing- to the efforts off the regents
of the university to obtain controller the public
schools of tt<* State and to conduct them on
a college basis."
perintendent of Public Instruction in
the Emnire State.
The following communication to The
Call is self-explanatory:
The university, student Hsteni, to lecture*.
He take* In the knowledge of the. labora
tories, and It Is for- him to work: this iup
into j wisdom- *nd . to apply, that wisdom 'Ho
the affairs ot this life. The secondary school
pupil is often "driven unwillingly -, to school";
he must be mubject to, certain discipline: lie
must be taught to help himself; i. he must
get experience in handling the media by
which he can. help himself.'
• Id all this the eecondary school forms- a
separate and, distinct department c from the
experience • of the university. ¦ \ I do not want
to be understood as criticising : the discipline
The whole course of collegiate life is a rad
ical dr^arture from the condition of things
absolutely necessary to existence in the sec
ondary school.
Pedatogy is an art. Science may come in
and reduce the source of emotions to a me
chanical bafls, but the carefully trained teach
er by personal study, of the individual can
alone apuly the treatment.
PEDAGOGY AX ART.
education: but to expect that you can take
a youth Into a university laboratory and make
him a successful teacher Is as ridiculous as
it would be to rig a ship on the . campus and
essay training captains of our ocean liners.' •
' Henry Gellfuss (owner) . with ', Andrew Olson
(contractor),", architects .- II: Qeilfuea & Son —
Alterations • and • additions j changing three | cot
tages.Into three two-story: frame buildings (six
flats) i on o E i line ; : of ~ Treat • avenue. " 185 > S - of
.Twenty-first street, S 60 by.E 122:6; $4815.- --,
:-:. Frank ;j Glrot (owner) « with : Hanabrough 't'tt
Johnson : (contractors), architect Oliver; Everett
— All. work: except foundation, for, a two-story
and basement frame building on E line of
Sanchez street. 07:6 N. of Elizabeth, 32:6 by
117:6; $5280. . ;- •
Margaret ;Hay • (owner) with Felix Marcuse
Builders' Contracts.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 20.— The police be
i Jieye A. B. Bohlmann, the treasurer -of
the Federated Trades, who declared h
was shot and robbed night,
committed the deed himself. They have
been unable to find any trace of tb».
highwaymen or any one who saw therr;
running from tha scene. Chief Carrot:
has ascertained that Bohlmann h*u*
been gambling considerably prior to
the robbery and on . one evening: loit
$80 shaking dice. Bohlmann's friend*
laugh at the police theory and believe
he wa3 robbed and shot by hijhway
mea.
Police Discredit Rohlntann's Story.
(contractor). --, architect Ralph D. Hart — All
work .for a two-story frame bulMlnr (four
flats) on X line of Fulton street. 167:6 W of
Flltaow/W'30, N 147:6. E37:C S 10, W 7:8.
S 137:6: $6000.
Frederick and Emjna Nusbaum (owners)
with Barthold Kiel and '. M. B. Dye (con
tractors v and architects)— All work for a two
story frame building (flats) on E |ine of Third
avenur.'SuO S of fotnt Lobos avenue, S 31:3
by E, 120: S449O. .¦ . .
C. F. Buckley (owner) with • W. J.. Green
(contractor).- architect J.: R. Miller— All work
for a- one-story frame building In rear of Balti
more Hotel, on NW comer of" Varn Ness and
Myrtle-avenues; $H«5. ;•¦.•
Congregation Sbertth : Israel (owners) with
'Raymond Oranite .Company • (contractors), ar
chitect Albert. Pissis— Granite uteps and plat
torms and three outside basement door nllls for
synagogue building on NE corner of California
and Webster street*. E 132:6 by 'N 132:6:
I2S00. "
Addle Ghlrardelll (owner) with Kavanagh
Bros, (contractors), architect Nathaniel Blais
dell — Excavation and grading, etc., . of property
on * NW. corner \ of Pacific avenue ' and - Baker
street. AV, 75 by N 123:7*4. "Western Addition
675; $ WOO. '
-. Same owner with M. V. . Brady (contractor).
architect same— Rough and f«e«i bHck work.
*anristcne caps of pi«rs. bulkheads, wine wal!»
drain tile. Inner cementing and aiphaltlntt for
Inclosure of Baker street tmntasn with a wine
wall on N lot line on «rr.«: $225<T
are to • use th« material shall be consulted
and 'with the intention to profit by the In
struction.' r ;: School Instruction - to-day may be
likened ¦ to" a -vast hydraulic elevator that re
quires -.= a river of energy to raise. a few ¦- foot
pounds tos»; certain levtl. This -com* s from
the unfounded .notion (hat while It takes a
pharmaceutist- to operate a drug store; any
body can suDcrvifce the work* of- the school
room. ¦ ; . ..-' ,• ¦
To those 'who "get this notion I would say,
get into somo schoolroom and. try 'your the
ories on ther-chlld. ' \V. W. STONE.
• San Francisco. Jan. 25. 1004. ¦ '.-
•I humbly .submit -that if there is. to.be
any < future ¦' advisory/ councils . called to ¦' so
shape-" the- educational ' current : that * It.- will
flow. In a continuous .. stream, \ we ; who'; have
had -¦ the ; advantage i of. collegiate .: course and
who^ liave studied s the, secondary school,prob
lem * on""- the.; ground:, be., permitted to suggest
to the* State-' authorities ¦ the, proper . ground
to-be ' traversed and • the proper ; course ¦ to , toe
adopted.' ¦ -^; J . : . ; ,
;¦ I speak in this ' way ¦ because at this ¦ time
text .'books : are being : considered ' for adoption
for . use ¦ in our secondary schools.' v ;¦ ¦.," -
' The ' text- books now: In ' use' have been voted
literary, rubbish. ;->;. ' - -'• !?>^JM)PMiatgJgiWa|
The fones ' coming . into ,: use- will probably
ehare the same, fate. in their turn. .
s * Text .book '¦; commissions ; are" failures, '. and
are "bound "«o > to continue .-. until, porno plan
is • devised by which : the sense of those who
' -. ' »¦•
ASK RIGHT TO SUGGEST.
-...There; should - be > an •¦ arbitrary line J drawn
between the two essentially different depart
ments.- ¦ '
observable at our universities; I wish mwely
to 'say that public opinion 'woul arise and
8We*p-'out of existence s educational boards
that i*ould*itolerate"th«> condition of things
that • obtain at our uneversitlea. ¦ •: . : ¦':
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALD, SUNDAY. JANUARY 31, 1904.
44
livs /^f^,^ 1 131,064 Sheets and '¦• . p
j Also muslins, sheetings, spreads — any one with a bed to furnish will welcome this news with outstretched arms— the more beds the heartier the welcome. ' [ ! ilMp •
rTN Inlilllll'' ' C ' Anv one wil1 get an y thin & they want and pay less'- than market prices for it. That's a bold fling. We areready to back it up with- energy and power to sur- li:^^^™^!Sl'j
I jj iU ml'" /r* •."< prise every one. '" • <^^S !^ v^^^Hl!
I 'II' S **y It comes through taking advantage of the market at an advantageous time. When there. is an advantage to be had, who is better able to grasp it than /^ %"— •C 0^^^^^^! lljlj ¦
H' U^f Hale'p? We laid in an extra supply before prices went up. This offering of it will likely be the last on the old basis. The sale is held simultaneously by /^i* T — -5 2^ 'Hi
I {SttTiwaif Hale's Stores in . . . - * , ______C 1 »-^ \5S_t___l__Swa=5^ '' i
iii^i^i San Francisco, Sacramento and Stockton "M^^^^ ' Sevens
J ' , - > mr**r One will catch the bigness and importance of it the minute they catch a glimpse of the store. Lo.oks jpxiii'' I ctUlC l_«IllClla*
End the BarQfamS )alr like thc entirc bu > win S »s full of sheets and pillow cases— there they arc bulgingout of every window— clear }&^ ji~s!.^t:**. ~* <*-r
First timp for thp new ones Ct \ up to the roof (half the main floor windows were needed). Inside the entire court is hung with them. Three • ¦ §&- \ 4 quality as 3 D c.
Z." . t 7r t . I times the selling space has been appropriated, and almost three times as many salesmen to sell nothing but " " cor nualitv at AOC
First time for the bargains. ¦. | Organdie 25C sheets and pillow cases as we've had ar-any previous sale. We look for big response— biggest from those who Stationery • *. u»u*~y " .
Double attractions to prove ir- I \ arc best posted— hotel owners and lodging-house keepers. It will be a bonanza for them. :' _ 55c quality at 45c.
resistible 1 - — - Those who can't come can write. We fill mail orders for anything we advertise.. .'¦¦ s It i r
What 'a flutter and interest A handsome sheer, half as wide m* 7t . A ' Z > " 7~~ • <g v Not common ordinary offers, UX quottty at 49c.
there will oe now that thev both again as you usually get at 25c. U/ HiTt^ SnPPT^- l'^ "V51 fTl C W/Ilip^l A XZ(T but fli ers, put out at this special 75c quality at 65c.
come at the same time. • (68 inches.) » T llltV iJilVWtO JUI U*5 TV lUW I Z|.^W time for a special purpose. Fine new tabling— as fresh and
The New Styles Just as extrajfine in finish as That > s the swiftcst flier of them alL e got them a Iong whiIe ag0 when cotto / was ; down> ; j q j t. aTluVprice^n" 'Sly^oac^iidS
Show a wonderful range of orie- "S* • C l \ WI j j • • We have been holding, them as a- flier for this month. Now that cotton is so high they will prove n . ' . . but all widths up to 72 inches, and in
inality and daintiness from the . Bu J. 1 P? ahead and in quanti- a bigger flier than we expected. We let them loose just the same. There are only a few hundred. {$ fnJiburt" ofd" style bond writ- any number of patterns. 40c° ne is
smill edgings up to the wide tiea did it. _ W e hope those who want them won't come late. 2 yards wide, 2>4 yards long. Bleached. ing paper, favorite in quality and in P j U . re b V en ' h hink of th&t ' hey are
fhS^^cf^d^Sdih. 1 fSS^SSSanS'hc'. re S - ' Hole's -Double Warp Sheets, j Pequot Sheets-Fliers. . S^S^SsSSSilS^S & Four width,' in bleached linen,
and with a and 3 width, of £&l°^» : $;^A7£& *&& Double-life sheets - doubly The best white ones there are. iafife| In each packageVre are 114 sheets. 7^-in. White Linen 48c.
msertion to match: in ring ef- S give it to us as a flier' We W&, satisfactory because they arc These prices are less than to- $1^} Long straight cut envelopes to ' . \\ *.
fects. fancy Tenenffe patterns, ff lve it to you. .. V-fT N^ doubly strong. There is nothing day's market quotations. Deal- V-Tin " match, ioc package. A heavy, worthy one— not to be
blind stitch ideas. i^J. ike them for hotels or lodging- e rs will be as much surprised as ¦ SSTRt t il J^ - a 5C box— Hulburt's writing pa- had regularly under 65c 56 inches
Men's White Shirts dm /^^^Sl^l^i^^f y°« »re. s ««*. per ith " Sa^ !. F v. ranci l c ,°" cn " ;•/ ' :^
25c, 25c POc. 75c. U.00 up to $1.50 Mf/jcf ununinl vrt \ W^i *J* 1 '/ y r, 1 , thout showing it. ¦R 5^Hi5afc graved on each sheet; blue or 4OC g«c/t/v CM4C.
Cambric embroWerifs for corset cor- (-^O.rt unusual }Ct.) /JsSaaaO \y The quality always talks. Now g:. 1 .'-.'^*? \\Sr-/^W' white - ' c 'r 4 7o
8 !!? 1 "^ 25f«l/j: M P CCS< Allsizcs - C5c T2x9 ° ' V \S-y 6oc a box. worth S1.00. Hale's $1.00 gHfl/ity fl* 85*.
Tho Bargains Think of that! But don't stop to /IWriffifSH i£:\"v£lll ftoV.Y.V&l™ Unbleached Pequot Sheets ) \M&\>vQL ¦ special cabinet of writing pa- $1.75 g «a/t7y ar $1.50.
1 ,\cnur^a>ns think too long; they'll fairly go /wAKw^ co ° 72 x 90 a n • 1 1% M^rT/B per, in which there are 120 v /J * v °
A ireat of the . rarest sort. as if they had wings. When you < f'^ (J^fl^T They are made in extra lengths Arc ljkewisc unus « al - W*^ Mw* sheets and 86 envelopes to '^' .' '^/
Thousands of yards of dainty see them you'll be still more H^^os^ if you want them. 7«xoo 7 °° °° match; blue and white. Her Ladyship Corset Is the CorSCl
edgings and beautiful flouncings convinced of the bargain. They're i r r / . p r/)|f/M1U) w ... " . „, jW P/^ . We are stamping initials on any * , „,,
for skirts, baby dresses and cor- of a strong grade of muslin with §-\ Vy Hale S tconomy Sheets. Staitdard White Sheets. k\ \\ 6 ..HL '¦¦ one-quire box of paper for 15c 1 O-day at Hole's.
set covers. union bosoms medium length, f§ ,'*• V\ Sheets with double centers like m,^ f Mffl a wfll tnmvn hranH \.'- < /»f'V^\ m'VT-tfOj "W^TT • a
25c _Rcgular price 35c and ;oc. double front and back and well ffl J^J*i stockings with double knees. n tmuslfa£mmea~evwT>ri??l J^iL^k Whil^ WQllcf C
Beautiful patterns in cambrics, made, good fitting; every size, M^^^ They are bleached. Only sold in "'^hn, hemmed, ever> price a jBfcJHfflS^, W it 1 L W WclISLS*
nainsooks and Swisses, blind 14 to 18; they're unlaundered. jmXKftfSaP***^ Hale's stores in California. . " n .. gl „ v«i^— *«my y JBPB3
stitch and openwork effects, pret- -in C jji/^« . JUW^ ; * -> 65c......e3xoo 65c. 81x90 ociii/liesxno eteil'.'.MgoxM . Glad Spring News. *;
ty medallions, scroll and headings TT . . uL t,- ? r 60c 72x90 9 7Oc - 90^90. 64c 72x90 • . uu« j^ iv uo.
for corset covers; 6 inches to 16 Unlaundered white shirts of 60c Sheets at 40r nn««h1*> WJUH a <^hp»^fe 4^r indeed — with the swiftest-winged prices in a long while,
inches wide, some of the pat- SSE^JSi!^"^ S vn • a f m f 7 « C r> Jk UOUble White 4.5C. Here are mercerized cheviot waists at only 75c. We are sorry we
terns alone being 7 inches deep. 5 ?, ' ??£ A and ""A* b f and ! u11 s^ cd t for d °V ble bcds ,(81x90). Pure mg*k Jhjr\ It's a better bargain than we had when bar- h * 1 f] • / .>, Ar . JVP * , f • c . i_
38c-Regular price 75c and $1.00. do « b i e "itched; even the front white and thoroughly good. What we ordin- W^^Mk gainj were more plentiful; prices lower and f haVe ° nl^ " irC .^ S12 f\[, 40 : 42 ! f- 4) * I^ de wjh Pleats m the front
Rich and wide flouncings that and back are double; well made anly sell at 60c. We have 1800 of this One J^^J/iw sheets better They arc cashmere finished from the shoulder to the bust line; cojlar and front with tab, each
make such pretty corset covers perfect nttingand as good a 50c size as a flyer a£ 49c. &^^^^ -ones' in light weight. Two other sizes: tab with lace; large pearl buttons.
24 /-^ tc AH s7«s k £cVi^ Come early jEl^ ) -^ 380^3x90. 9 8c-Mercerized Waists. The prevailing style,, made very full, pleated
U^^SotSl^e«|with^ 40 cents- Bleached 5heetingS W^/ti ¦' Wamsutta Sheets. fronts; some have large pearl buttons, all have large sleeves,
row of embroidery insertion. white laundered shirts cood Less than factory prices. / \| JWri You know Wamsutta sheets like you do , $i.2o-M e rcerized Cheviots, fine quality beautifully made, some with
— Rec-ular nrire Sr 00 and <Kt V launoerea snirts, gooa / .v / 1 l t A Royal Baking Powder. A low price n pearl buttons, others -with fancy metal buttons, sleeves are extra
-wii^ems d tit $ che S d "^ome ofS \(P^A d^r ifSSual Tnd^dily accept. So large The stock collars are extra pretty.
borders others walloped, others S .oiled" buFthe q?ali?y an" grouSd flSrf S* nc? then cottSSs have°so ad- J^fl note *fie and note the extra sizes , SkSS[ 'at a " d "^ *
wit.i embroidery msertion and comfort isn't hurt— only the price, vanccd that we would have to pay more for 1^1* - Plam Oncs - Hemstitched Ones. P ear ! Button, stock collar with a tab, too.
11^ 3 ° 49C - them^ourselves than we'll ask you J ' S::::::B;S Rg?l«3S| UlibleaChed MU^Hli 6r
\ arrow Embroideries NOW Valentines. 1JC...........45 In. |}o. .........:.:« in. gS:::!::IUS SiiS::! SJS Right when you would least expect it and a quality you would least
«c— Wc-th - : 4c and 8 1-3C Fine • i entiment tangibly expressed— who 20c 54 In. 2Sc 90 In. 05c......9o % 00 $1.25. ...»o x 10s expect. It's a finely woven one, 39 in. wide (extra wide).
WzlMM$mS 18.000 Pillow Cases at lie' D^^SiM^i
inches. Cambrics, Swisses and Jiff^ri-nt 5d*> 9 « her^ to fit - v ,rv htori BV-^tWV J. lliVf TT \/tiOVO U k 1IV» .. common, ordinary offering by any means, tra wide and extra cheap. Market quota-
nainsooks »rh IQC^= n " c lo ni every neart. -r . . but a flier. I tions are 27 %c. Ours is 24c **"""•
71/-C- Worth laiXc. Those fine env^opesT lc? Vii, ibJ^Oc^sS Another flier let loose to-morrow. We have held it back waiting for this flier time when we. could turn . "
dainty edzings Il4 to 4 inches 50c - ' all these fliers loose in one big flock. -They are the regular size (45x36), regularly made though from remnant H Al l» C Va/LJ I g JU/v tTI flTDC
iasertions up to 3. inches 8o £« ?c do^S-^thSs^^rSeh Yc" sheetin^ That ' s thc reason why they are cheaper than usual. '^H^-tX^ !lJQ* YT.i's'X L\l CJ^5^2^^S? P
l wide. 4c, 5c, 8c 10c. Pillow Cases, of heavy grade muslin, Hemstitched cases, of a fine grade of Standard Pillow Cases — Made from a .*-.^ x^-\-.. *'•;.• *!^'"
white, three sizes: , muslin, xyYic — 45x36; 20c— 50x36; good, well-known muslin; cases "*"' -^ ."'-"••"•***•"
UA1 C?C \ A i\-X I "I'"lPj*v C I TUrDC—' ' 15c.... 45x36 22j4c — 54x36. * that every housewife knows and "" J$ • Fi&- :
«t;!=^*!n..A.LCO Will V7!y^ LJJLJR^i^Sfi^ 5 *' 2oc^::::::::::::::::Mli6 Pequot Hemstitched cases, 2 2^c, 25c, appreciates. Prices so low, too. , .. •¦j^^--,^.^^ jat&£&'?
I Hemstitched Cases, nc. unne « ssarv - gg-?\SpSSg^8Jg i-'^.#
& r 2 'S Whew' That's less than thev can The bargain is plain. oo,^ c M x 38 \.j^
be made'for to-day" We ?re not ad- Hemstitched Cases: Unbleached Pillow Cases, ioc, 45x36, &
tfg*Z£V* vancing prices, though, till we pay gSfliriS^SS We contracted for them months g^
v-'^^^ advanced prices. Here's as good a 30c 50x36 ' ago when cotton was cheap.
' nr^ bargain as you could get on the: old Hemstitched Wamsutta Cases: . • White Pillow Cases. ' Inf £1 n+c' DfPCQPC^"'^
. *\ ¦ basis, and perhaps the last one. f£ ; g5»£" i*£ SjJSu- Every day ones at "flier" prices. IlliailW LMW3W >
j * Share it. soc H . . . . .m x"40h" " 150-50x36;' 175^-54x36. .; SkiftS
White All These Pillow Cases 12&C l . -¦ 1
Diflfier Ware Not one worth less than 15c, many of them \7V2C grade. ' lalltcs no mother , ztnl1 iant to mtss '
L^itiii^i ?TaiW' It » s a m j xe( j i ot , different odd lines the mill had left over. They grouped them to us as a Hosts of fresh, dainty garments; samples— hardly two alik'c
" iiJ flier. So do we to you. First time Monday, I2^c each. .- — imagine the variety; and then to pay less than it cost to make
Housekeepers, listen! SSI \^% 7 HS : :m m^ \ m i~^ — Z~ ' f(m& « them. Why, we never had such a choosing even at regular prices.
Here's the best kind of plain white dinner ware. It will not VA/OlTl^fl Q '/Vliicli'fl E Itl/l^f t r r lnT-hl^C They represent air the styles this, well-known factory are making
craze or crackle or turn yellow. W/ the lowest prices we know of. VY UillC11 » iTlUdllll U IlUCrCIlJ LI1C& toS^?N^^»^^;^^
—,.... J r . ' tti- • ' /• " - •-"..•¦¦• , ,., . their purpose. He said we could have them as flhers.
uhmk of getting ; rliers— every one, to attract interest and attention in an.un usual measure. Not common prices; long DRESSES are of fine nain- M ¦ - •
100 piece Set for only $7.40. • * not common garments — nothing ordinary about the effort. We started out to make it a flier time— » sook, some°\/ith yokes, fine tucks; ' _
The nearest thing in the city that we know of is $11.00. Then look to make this Febmary a- better February than we've ever had. This is the first installment of the - others embroidery yokes and The Prices
f" ' Zrt^^^Z^sc. > ¦ L^^MM& r Dowers at «8c I Wm^M^^M 7 -W^^^^^^ > 8 S S &
•6B«.kfMtPl««38c 6 Soup Plates ('new style) 48c. 67c Gowns of soft cambric, «c Drawers of soft, fine muslin, and Jf" 8?( . Cambric um Short Dresses (6 mo. to .3 yrs), fine , ikiS gSSSS If SS
6 Dessert Plates 32c • ¦ Sugar Bowls (double handled) 30c. round sauare or high' necks cambric ruffle and embroidery. *i, r .ii. «„..„,» w;,iV ,™.. t nainsooks or sheer lawn, yokes of t2.5O Oarmenta at tlso.
'? ?"? gi?r?l"° *"¦ cSfDish'^ 48C " yXs'4Tne e ,u°cks;"f h la"et; . Others with, hemstitched^ f £'L{° V £ I - ¦ - SB SffiKS K «" '
;° F MiW S V^ r h S e4^- P int IS c, 354-pS^'^^c, 7 -pin. 45 c. ! . sma.^ScS. Wh ' Ch "' othcr^e; with- deep cmbroid- SSdt" 5 "" 0 " 1 '"" >J : .
-g-jT '/SST J5F "%$& 'i~V- ; * : * cuffs to match. 39c Drawers— Cambric, .3 styles. ; $1.50 Skirts at 95c. 8 styles, all > .>- _^* nS^T fST -
\bQfi&G£^£&7 att*. ffff -M^fe—^ Kew Kalr Dre ?» ln «f Other gowns at 87c, $1.18, $1.38 and Some with embroidery ruffles, of fine cambric. umbrella ' /M/ fSs
Jf&Slh JH^A^ff^** < i^S'f!r!i *ad Manlcuriaar up to $10.50. others with lace insertion, fine shaped flounces and rows of! Market St /if/^if!^^ &3E^i
/^7 /s=&^>*~-^ Xr aad Mrs> fu jj i cng th, with Valenciennes or 'other style with lace ruffle and fine tucks, wide lace ruffle. Nf-r Sivth '*&/ Zslu^^—^ ' __J^£feaP^
*C^CWl«aJ> fUMFiA^ 0^ • MorrUl la charg-e. Point de Paris lace, lawn ruffle on 9 rows of hemstitching and Others have deep embroidery l^ c «*» Jl * lllt " /&/ •.? .^r^YS****^ ******n.^
»— ¦* the bottom. , # . , tucks. .'. ;;. ruffles. x * -qfen>%J^fQ£> GOOD&^ .
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALES.
HALE'S.