THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINEand thought ; of : it all again— they . were.'
The • fathers? of the regiment!^ had
planted Plymouth and Jamestown J^had
wrenched llfe r and liberty :i from,ithe
granite of New England, the
nesses of the i Cumberland, and; 1 the
wildernesses of the rich valleys
yond; ; while the sires of : these"; yer£
Westerners had gone on with. the same"
trinity through ;the barren .wastes, of
plains. And, now, having ? conquered
the New World, Puritan and cavalier,
the children of both were come to
gether again on the same old mission
of freedom! but this, time the freedom
of others; carrying the fruits of their
own struggle back to the old land from
which they came," with the sword In
one hand, if there , was need, but \ with
the • torch of liberty, in the other—held
high, and, as God's finger; pointed,
lighting the way. .
To think what he had missed !
e As ; Grafton , walked slowly . back,v an
officer was calling the roll of his com
pany under '¦ the • quiet, sunny ; hill; and
he stopped to ' listen. Now and {hen
there was no answer, and he went on
thrilled and saddened. The play was
ended— this was 'war.. r , '"•'<¦ /
¦ Outside the camp,', the road was full
of half-angry, •bitterly disappointed In-
where the wounded lay — white, quiet,
uncomplaining. . ' •
And there a surgeon told him how the
wounded ¦ had lain . there during the
fight singing; ; ' '/¦ *., v
, My country, 'tis of tbe«!
And Grafton beat his hands together,
while his throat was full and his eyes
were full of tears. To think what ihe
had missed — to think what he;, had
missed! " . ' .
j He knew that national interest would;
center, in ; this regiment' of Rough Rid
ers: for every State in the /Union had a
son in its ranks,' and the' sons repre
sented", every, social element in the na
tional life.; Never was* there 'a, more
representative body pf men,' nor a body
of more varied- elements standing, all on
one and the same basis of American
manhood. He recalled how, at Tampa,
he had stood with the c61onel while the
regiment filed past, ; the colonel, mean
while, telling him about the men— the
strong men, who made strong stories
for Wister and. strong pictures for
Remington. And ,the colonel had
pointed | with especial pridfe and affec
tion to. two boy troopers, who marched
at the head of his column— a Puritan
from Massachusetts and a . cavalier
through Virginia blood from Kentucky;
one'the^ion of a Confederate general,
the otherithe son of ,a Union general—
both beardless brothers In
arms, -anxl v fast becoming brothers at
heart— Robert Sumner and Basil Crit
tenden. The colonel waved his" hand
toward the wild Westerners who fol
lowed them.
"It's odd to think It— but those two
boys are the fathers of the regiment."
And now that Grafton looked afojind
k«atry — Chaffee's men. When he
reached the camp of the cavalry at the
foot of the hill again, a soldier called
his name as he passed — a grimy soldier
—and Grafton stopped in his tracks.
"Well, by God!"
, It was Crlttenden, who smiled when
he saw Grafton's bewildered face. Then
the Kentuckian, too, stared in utter
amazement at a black " face grinning
over Grafton's shoulder.
i "Bob!"- he said, sharply.
"Yessuh," said Bob humbly.
"What are you doing here 1" .
"Nothin 1 , ole cap'n— Jes nothln 1 ," said
Bob, with the naivete of a child. "Jes
lookin'fer you."- • • \ >-
"Is that your negro?" ' A sarcastic
lieutenant was asking the question.
"He's my. servant, sir."
/ "Well, we, don't allow soldiers to take
their valets to the field."
"My servant at home, sir, I meant.
He came -of his own accord."
. , "Go find Basil?! .Crlttenden said to
Bob, "and if you can't find him," he
added in a lower tone, "and want any
thing,'come back here to me."
"Yessuh," said Bob, loth to go, but,,
seeing the lieutenant scowling, he
moved on down the road. ' '¦'. -..
"I thought you were a captain," said
Grafton. Crittenden laughed.
"Not exactly^ .
"Forward," shouted the lieutenant,
"march!"
, Grafton looked Crittenden over.
; "Well, I swear," he said heartily, and,
as Crlttenden .moved, forward, .Grafton
stood -.looking, after him. . "A .regular— I,
: do be^damned!"
I \That r night : Bajsil wrote home. He
'had not' fired* his; musket -a single time.'?
•He saw nothing to' Bhoot r at, and he saw
no use shooting until' he "did have some
thing to "shoot at." : ; It . ,was * terrible to
'see > men : dead and wounded, v^but the :
'fight Itself was' -stupid— blundering
a jungle, bullets zipping about,
and the' Spaniards ' too far away < and
• invisible. : ; He wanted .to ( be, closer.; \ ,
i) "^'.'General Carter has senttfor; me f to "
take my '.place on his staff., I don't
want . to go, .but • the ¦ "colonel says t I
'ought I . don't believe I \wouid,V if v the
"general hadn't been "• f ath'er'sf f rlend and
if 'my.'bunkle' weren't 5 wounded. He's
all right, but he'll have jtb go, back/I'd
v like to have his wound,^but;rd;ha.te to ,
have to go back. The colonel says he's
sorry to lose me. He meant to make
me a corporal, he says. I don't know
what for — but hooray!
"Brother was not In the fight, I sup-'
pose. Don't worry about me— please
don't worry. ; .
"P. S.— I have often wondered . what
it would, be like to be on the eve of a
battle. ¦ : It's no different from anything
else." .'.'...¦ . ;';; '?',')' - , - ' - :< V ;'.,¦" ;
Abe. Long. and Crittenden were bun-'
kies now: VAbe's comrade, the boy^San-;
ders, had been wounded and sent to the ¦
rear." Reynolds, too, was 'shot through
the shoulder,: and, despite his protests, .
was ordered to the coast.
. "Oh, • I'll be on -' band for . the next
scrap," he said; .;£
.Abe and! Crittenden had been ¦ side by
side in the fight; > It was no surprise to .
Crittenden that any" man was brave. By
hla'code. a man would-; be better" dead
than alive if coward. ' He believed • cow-'
'Nothing .had been heard, so far, of
the elder brother, but, as' they sat In the
porch, a bey* brought the town
paper, . aridj, Mrs.' j Crittenden found a
paragraph jaX' soldier springing
into the sea'.in full uniform, at Slboney
to rescue a drowning comrade,' who had
fallen into the yrf .while trying to land
and had sunk to .£the bottom by his
arms and ammunition.:; "And the res
cuer's name % was i /Crittenden. The
writer went on to "tell who; he was, and
how^he had given up^his commission to
a younger^ brother^and; had gone, as a
private; In the regular army— how he
had been offered another after he had
reached Cuba/ and had declined that,
too— having entered with his comrades,
he would stay .with them to the end.
Whereat the mother's face burned .with
a proud fire, as did Phyllis, when Mrs.
Crittenden read on about this Critten
den's young brother, ¦ who, while wait
ing for his commission, had gone as a
Rough Rider, and who, after gallant
conduct during the - first fight, had
taken his place on General. Carter's
staff. Phyllis clapped her hands, softly
with a long slghof pride-^and relief.
\VI can leat , strawberries, now." ¦ And
she ¦ blushed again. I Phyllis : had been
living on bacon and corn-bread, .she
confessed shamefacedly, 4 ~S,{ because
Trooper Basil was Hying, on bacon and
hardtack— little dreaming that the food
she" forced upon ' herself ; In .this ; sacrifi
cial: way; was being swallowed X>y\ that
hearty youngster with a relish' that he
; And none at all during^ that night ot
agony for "Judith,' nor; Phyllis/ nor* the'
mother: at Canewood* though therelwas
a'reaction of -, joy, ; 'next morning^ when
the name" 'of : neither, Crittenden j was
among the wouridedf or dead.
ardice exceptional and the brave man
the rule,. but he, was not prepared for
Abe's coolness and humor. Never did
the Westerner's voice change, and
never did \,the grim half-smile leave his
eyes or his mouth. Once during the
fight he took off his hat
"How's my hair parted?" he asked,
quietly. ;
,,-A Mauser bullet had mowed a path
through . Abe's thick, upright hair,
scraping the skin for three inches, and
"leaving a trail of tiny red drops. Crit
tenden turned to look and laugh, and a
bullet cut through the open flap of his
shirt. Just over his heart. He polnte'd
to it.
"See the good turn you did me." "•
t Whjle the two were cooking supper.
'the old sergeant came up.
'"If you don't obey orders next time,"
he said to Crittenden, sternly, for Abe
was present, "I'll report you to the
captain.'?. Crlttenden had declined to
take shelter during the fight — it was a
racial inheritance that both the North
and the South learned to correct in the
old war.
. "That's right, governor," said Abe.
"The colonel himself wanted to know
what damn fool that was standing out
, in the road. He meant you."
"All right, sergeant," Crlttenden said.
When he came In from guard duty,
late that night, he learned that Baail
was safe. He lay down \yith a grate
ful heart, and his thoughts, like the
thoughts of every man in that tropical
forest, took flight for home.. Life was
getting very simple now for him—
death, too, and duty. Already he was
beginning to wonder at his old self
and, with a shock.it came to him that
there were but three women in the
world to him— Phyllis and his mother—
and Judith. He thought of the night
of the parting, and Jt flashed for ,the
first time upon him that Judith might
have taken the shame that he felt red
dening his face as. shame for her, and
not for .himself, and a pain shot
through him so keen that he groaned
aloud.
Above hlrd wns a clear sky, a quarter
moon, an enveloping mist of stars," and
the very peace of heaven. But there
was little sleep— and that battle-haunt
ed—for any; and for him none at all.
"There's one." said the colonel, with
a careless gesture. A huge buzzard
flapped from the tree over the dead
man as they passed beneath. Beyond
was the open-air hospital, where were
two more rigid human figures, and
Beyond was the camp of the regulars
who had taken part in the fight. On
one side stood a colonel, who himself
had aimed a Hotchkiss gun In the lit
tle battle — covered with grime and
eweat, and with the passion of battle
not quite gone from his eyes; and
across the road soldiers were digging
one lcr.g grave. Grafton pushed on a
little farther, and on the top of the
ridge and on the grassy sun-lit knoll,
¦was the camp of the Riders, just .be
yond the rifle-pits from which they
had driven the Spaniards. "Under, a
tree to the right lay another row of
muffled shapes, and at once Grafton
¦walked with the colonel to the . hospi
tal, a quarter of a mile away. The
path, thickly shaded and dappled with
sunshine, ran. along the ridge through
the battle-field, and it was' as pretty,
peaceful and romantic as a lovers' walk
in a garden. Here end there.; the tall
grass along the path was pressed flat
vhere a -wounded man had lain. In
one place, the grass was, matted and
dark red; near by was a blood-stained
hat marked with the initials "E. L."
Here was the spot where the first vic
tim of the fight fell. A passing soldier,
who reluctantly gave his name as
Blackford. bared his left arm and
showed the newspaper man three
places between his wrist and elbow
where the skin had been merely blis
tered by three separate bullets as he
lay fighting unseen enemies. Farther
on, lay a dead Spaniard, with covered
face.
"Still r.utty," said Grafton to himself.
Farther on was a camp af insurgents
—little, thin, brown fellows, ragged,
dirty, shoeless — each with a sugar-loaf
straw hat. a Remington rifle of the pat
tern of 1ES2. or a brand new Krag-Jor
genson donated by Uncle Sam, and the
Inevitable and ever ready machete
swinging in a case of embossed leather
on the left hip. Very young they were,
and very old; and w*lry, quick-eyed, in
telligent, for the most part and, in
countenance, vivacious and rather gen
tle. There was a little creek next, and,
climbing the bank of the other side,
Grafton stopped short, with a start, In
the road. To the right and on a sloping
bank. lay eight gray shapes, muffled
from head to foot, and Grafton would
have known that all of them were in
their last sleep but one, who lay with
his left knee bent and upright, his left
elbow thrust from his blanket, and his
hand on his heart. He slept like a
child.
X.
«^-r LREADT now. the first little
/ { fight was going on. and Graf
f"| ton, the last newspaper man
X ashore, was making for the
front— with Bob close at his heels. It
¦was hot, very hot. but the road was a
Kood. hard path of clean sand, and now
and then a breeze stirred, or a light
cool rain twinkled in the air. On each
Bide Jay marsh, swamp, pool and trop
ical jungle— and. to Grafton's northern
imagination, strange diseases lurked
like monsters everywhere. Every
stranpe hot odor made him uneasy and
at time's he found himself turning his
head and holding his breath, as he al
ways did when he passed a pesthouse
In his childhood. About him were
strange plants, strange flowers, strange
trees, the music of strange birds, with
nothing to see that was familiar fcx
cept sky, mountain, running water and
tand; nothing home-like to hear but
the twitter of swallows and the whistle
of quail.
That path was no road Xor a hard
drinking man to travel, and. now, and
then, Grafton shrank back, with a star
tled laugh, from the hideous things
crawling across the road and rustling
into the cactus— spiders with snail
houses over them; lizards with green
bodies and yellow legs, and green legs
and yellow bodies; hairy tarantulas,
scorpions and hideous mottled Hand
crabs. standing throe Inches. from the
pand. and watching him with hideous
little eyes as they shuffled sideways
into the bushes. Moreover, he was fol
lowing the trail of an army by the
cheerful signs In its wake — the debris
of the last night's camp— empty cans,
bits of hardtack, crackers, bad odors,
and. by anil by, odds and ends that the
soldiers discard as the sun got warm
and their packs heavy — drawers, un
dershirts, oo»l, blankets, knapsacks,
an occasional gauntlet or legging, bits
of fat bacon, canned meats, hardtack—
and a swarm of buzzards In the path,
in the trees, and wheeling in the air—
and smiling Cubans picking up every
thing they could eat or wear.
An hour later he met a soldier, who
toid him there had been a fight. Still,
an hour later, rumors came thick, but
to conflicting and wild that Grafton be
gan to hope there had been no fiRht at
all. Proof met him, then, in the l >ad—
a white man, on foot, with his arm in a
bloody sling. Then, on a litter, a negro
trooper with a shattered leg; then an
other with a bullet through his throat;
and another wounded man, and an
other. On horseback rode a sergeant
with a bandage around his brow — Graf
ton could see him smiling broadly fifty
yards ahead — and the furrow of a Mau
ser ballet across his temple, and Just
under the skin.
:Copyri*bt. 1900, by Charlea Scribner"* Sons.
And ifj^was.* * Almost > at^that" hour
the troops, were' breaking camp and
moving forward along the one narrow
Jungle-road— choked ¦ with " > wagon,
pack mule and soldier— through a haze
of dust. r arid.' turning to \ the. right at
the first crossing, beyond corpsjiead
quarterfH-under Chaffee— for Caney.
Now^arid. then ¦'- a piece of artillery,
with its flashes of crimson,- would pass
through the advancing columns amid
the waving of hats and a great cheer
ing to take position against the stone
fort at Caney or at El Poso, to be
trained on the block house at San
Juan. And through the sunset and the
dusk the columns marched, and, after
night fell, the dark, silent " masses of
slouch hats, shoulders, and gun muz
zles kept on marching past the smoke
and " flare of the deserted camp fires
that lighted thicket and grassy plat
along the trail. And after the flames
had i died down to cinders— in the same
black terrible silence, the hosts were
marching still.
That night a last good-by to all wo
mankind, but : wife,, mother, sister,
sweetheart, The world was to be a
man's world next day, and the man a
coarse, dirty, | sweaty, swearing, good
natured, grimly humorous, cruel, kind-
In his letter he had outlined Basil's
advantages, not one of which was his
—and sitting on the porch of the old
homestead at sunset of the last day in
June, the mother was following her
eldest born through the transport life,
the fiery marches;: the night watches
on outpp3ts, the'hard food, the
drenching rains, steaming, heat, laden
with^the breath of i terrible disease, not
realizing how 'little he minded it all
and, how; much good. it. was doing him.
She* did /- know, - however,' that it had
beeh';but play thus far- to what must
follow. ,;, Perhaps,' even now, <ihe
thought,. thV deadly ; work was begin
ning,* while -she sat In the shrine of
peaoe^— even now.
% There was to be a decisive fight in a
few days — the attack f on Santiago —
that was what Phyllis had read. The
Spaniards had a good muster-roll of
regulars and aid from Cervera's fleet;
were well armed and had plenty ' of
time to Intrench and otherwise prepare
themselves for a bloody fight In the last
ditch. . ¦
So that each day there was a relief
to the agony, which, every morning,
began straightway with the thought
that the fight might be going on at
that very hour. Not once did Judith
come near. She had been ill, to be
sure, but one day Mrs. Crlttenden met
her on # the way to town and stopped
her in the road; but the girl had
spoken so strangely that the mother
drove on, at a loss to understand and
much hurt. Next day she learned that
Judith, despite her ill health and her
father's protests, had gone to nurse the
sick and the wounded— what Phyllis
pleaded in vain to do. The following
day a letter came from Mrs. Critten
den's elder eon. He was well, and the
mother must not worry about either him
or Basil. He did not think there would
be much fighting" and, anyhow, the
great risk was from disease, and he
feared very little from thaV Basil
would be much safer as an aid on a
general's staff. He would get plenty to
eat, would be less exposed to weather,
have no long marche3 — as he would be
mounted— and no j guard duty at all
hours of day and night. And, more
over,, he would probably be less con
stantly exposed to bullets. So she
must not worry about him. Not one
word was there about Judith— not even
to ask how she was, which was
strange. He had said nothing abdut
the girl when he told his mother good
by; and wbefl she broached the sub
ject, he answered, sadly:
"Don't, mother; I fcan't say a word
not a word." \ ;
Phyllis picked • up ' the paper then,
with . a cry of surprise— the name
signed to the article \ was Graf ton,
¦whom she had seen at the recruiting
camp. And then she read the last par.
agraph that the mother had not read
aloud, and then she turned sharply
away and stooped to 'a pink-bed, as
though she would pick one and the
mother saw her shoulders shaking with
silent sobs, and she took the child In
her arms.
would not have known at home for
fried chicken and hot rolls.
"Yes," laughed Mrs. Crittenden.
"Tou can sat strawberries now. You
can balance them against his cocoa
nuts." - '".'¦".' .
Twanged Just then a bow string In
the direction of San Juan hill, and the
twang seemed to be getting louder *nd
to be coming toward the little blue
farm house. No cannon was in sight;
there was no smoke visible, and many,
with an upward look, wondered what
the cueer sound could be. Suddenly
there waa a screeching, crackling an-
Every ear s heard, every eye^saw the
sudden white mist at a guii muzzle and
fllowed that first shell screaming to
ward the little Christmas toy in the
sun on that distant little hilL And yet
it was nothing. Another and yet an
other mass of shrapnel went screaming,
and still there was no response, no
sign. It *wa3 nothing— nothing at all.
"Was the Spaniard asleep? .
Crittenden could see attache, corre
spondent, aid, staff officer, non-comba
tant, sightseer crowding close about the
guns — so close that the gunners could
hardly work. He could almost hear
them saying, one to another:
"Why, is this war— really war? Why,
this isn't so bad."
"Fire! 1 .'
Even with the cry at El Poso came
another, sullen, low boom and another
aggressive roar from Caney; then a
great crackling in the air, as though
thousands of schoolboys were letting
"off fire crackers, pack after pack.
Again Crlttenden, leaning against the
palm, heard his name called. Again it
was ' Blackford who was opening his
mouth to shout some message when —
Ah! The shout died on Blackford's lips,
and every man on the hill and .In tha
woods, at that Instant, stayed his foot
and his band— even a man standing
with a gray horse against the blue wail
—he. too, stopped to- listen. It really
sounded too dull and muffled for a
shell; but, a few seconds later, there
was a roar against the big walls of
Hying green behind Caney.
* The .first shot! ... •{
"Ready!"
• • •
ly soldier, feverish for a light and as
primitive In passion as a cave dweller
fighting his kind for food. The, great
little fight was at hand.
Before dawn again— everything In
war begins at dawn — and the thickets
around a certain little gray stone fort
alive with slouch hat. blue blouse, and
Kragr-Jorgen3on. slipping through the
brush, building no fires, and talking In
low tone* for fear the timorous enemy
, would see, or hear, and run before the
American sharpshooter could *get a
chance to try hts marksmanship: won
dertng. : eight hoars later, if the tim
orous enemy were ever going io run.
Eastward and on a high knoll stripped
of bushes, four 3.2 guns unllmbered
and thrown Into position against that
furt and a certain little red-roofed
town to the left of it. This was
Caney. . +
Rastward still, three miles across an
uneven expanse of green. Jungle-road
alive with men. bivouacking fearlessly
around and under four more 3.2 guns
planted on another high-stripped knoll
— El Poso — and trained on a little pa
goda-like block house, which sat Ilka a
Christmas toy on top. of a green little,
steep little hill from the base of which
curved an orchard-like valley back to
sweeping curve of the Jungle. This was
San Juan.
Nature loves sudden effects la the
tropics. While Chaffee fretted in val
ley shadows around Caney and Law
ton strode like a yellow lion past tha
guns on the hill and, eastward, gun
ner on the other hill at El Poso and
soldier In the Jungle below listened
westward, a red light ran Ilka a flame
over the east, tha tops of tha moun
tains shot suddenly upward and It was
day — flashing day, with dripping dew
and birds singing and a freshness of
light and air that gave way suddenly
when the sun quickly pushed an aro
of fire over tha green shoulder of a hill
and smote the soldiers over and under
the low trees like rays from an open
furnace.
It smote Reynolds as he sat by th«
creek under the guns before San Juan.
Idly watching water bubble into three
canteens, and it opened his lips for an
oath that he was too lazy to speak; It
smote Abe Long cooking coffee on tha
bank some ten yards away, and made
him raise from the fire and draw first
one long forearm and then tha other
across his heat-wrinkled brow; but,
unheeded, It smote Crlttenden — who
stood near, leaning against a palm
tree — full in his uplifted face. Perhaps
that was the last sunrise on earth for
him. He was watching It In Cuba,
but his spirit was hovering: around
home. He could feel the air from the
woods in front of Cane wood; could
hear the darkies going to work and
Aunt Kezlah singing In the kitchen.
He could see his mother's shutter
open, could see her a moment later,
smiling at him from her door. And
Judith— where was she, and what was
she doing? Could she be thinking of
. him? The sound of his own name com
ing down through the hot air made
him start, and, looking up toward the
Rough Riders, who were gathered
about a little stuccoed farm house just
behind the guns on the hill, ha saw
Blackford waving at him. At the
same moment hoofs beat the dirt road
behind him — familiar hoof beats — and
he turned to see Basil and BaJncrow —
for Crittenden's colonel waa sick with
fever and Basil had Ralncrow now—
on their way with a message to Chaffea
at Caney. Crlttenden saluted gravely,
as did Basil, though tha boy turned In
his saddle, and with an affectionate
smile waved back at him. .
Crittenden's lips moved;
: "God bless him."
"Fire!"
Over on the hill, befora Caney, a man
with a lanyard gave a quick Jerk.
There was a cap explosion at tha butt
of the gun and a bulging white cloud
from the muzzle: the trail bounced
from its shallow trench, tha wheels
whirled back twice on tha rebound,
and the shell 'was hissing through tha
. air as iron - hisses when a blacksmith
thrusts ° It red-hot Into cold water.
Basil could hear that awful hiss so
plainly he seemed to be following
the shell with his naked eye; ha could
hear It abova tha reverberating roar
of the gun up and down tha coast
mountain; hear It until, six seconds
later, a puff of smoke answered be
yond the Spanish column where the
shell burst. Then In eight seconds— for
the shell traveled that much faster
than sound — the muffled raport of Its
bursting struck bis ears, a^d all that
.was left of the first shot that started
the great little fight was tha thick,
sunlit smoke sweeping away from tha
muzzle of the gun and the little mist
cloud of tha shell rising slowly upward
beyond the stone fort, which seemed
not to know any harm was possible or
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY 'CALL.
This is the. Third In
stallment of "Crittenden,"
and now, when beautiful
Judith Page has really
found her heart and knows
that she loves "Critten
den," even more passion
ately than he had loved
her, can you solve the
problem of whether he
really loves her now? This
is a truly rattling good
story of love and the ter
rors of war.
CRITTENDEN
2Grafton helped to carry him back,
stepping Into the open for him, and
Crittenden saw a bullet lick up the wet
earth between the correspondent's feet.
Forward again! It was a call for vol
unteers to advance and cut th* wlrea.
"Go on," he cried, "damn it, go on!"
* ¦¦¦¦. - ¦•
back Into covar— all under the gam* Im
pulse and with the same motive hiring
started for him. too. Behind a tree.
Crittenden laid Bob down, still turning
his head from side to side helplessly.
There was a trail of blood acrosa his.
temple, and. wiping it away, he saw
that .the bullet had merely scraped
along 'the skull without penetrating it.
In a moment Bob groaned, opened his
eyes, sat up, looked around with roll
ing eyes, grunted once or twice*
straightened out. and reached toy hla
gun. shaking his head.
"Gimme drink, Ola Cap'n, ;!itu
suh."
Crittenden handed hhn hla canteen,
and Bob drank and rose unsteadily <o
his feet
"Dat ain't nuttlnV* ht gaid, oon
temptuously, feeling along the wound.
'"Tain't ' nigh as bad as mule kick,
•Tain't nutttn', 't alL" And then ha al
"All right. Ole Cap'n, I reckon IT!
jus' lay down heah little while," he
said, stretching out behind the trea.
And Grafton reached over for Crit
tenden's hand. He was getting some
new and startling ideas about the dif
ference In the feeling toward the negro
of the man who once owned him body
and soul and of the man who freed him
body and soul. And in the next few
minutes he studied Crittenden as he
had done before— taking in detail the
long hair, lean face strongly chiseled,
fearless eye. modest demeanor—mark
ing the intellectual look of the face — It
was the face of a student — a gentleman
—gently born. And there, in the heat of
the fight. .he fell to marveling over the
nation that had such a man to send
into the field as a common soldier.
Again they moved forward.. Critten
den's lieutenant dropped — wounded.
Something serious was going to be
done now— the intuition of it ran down
the'line" in that' mysterious fashion by
which information passes down a line
of .waiting men. The line rose, ad
vanced, and dropped again. Companies
deployed to the left and behind—fight
ing their way through the chaparral as
a" swimmer^ buffets his way through
choppy waves. Every man saw now
thatthe brigade was trying to form in
line -of battle for a, charge on that
curving. . smokeless flame of flre that
ran to and fro around the top of the hill
—blazing fiercely and steadily here and
there. For^ half . an , hour the officers
struggled to form the scattered men.
Forward a little "way; slipping from
one bush and. tree to, another; through
the thickets . and bayonet grass; now
creeping; -now a., dash through an open
spot; ; now. flat on : the stomach, until
Crittenden saw a wire fence stretching
ahead. Followed another wait. And
then a squad of negro troopers crossed
the road, going to the right, and diag
onally. The bullets'rained'about, them,
and -they. -scuttled swiftly into the
brush. The hindmost one dropped: the
rest kept en, unseeing; but Crittenden
and last came Bob. The detail, passing
along the creek on the other bank from
them, scattered, and with Bob next the
creek. Bob shook his gun aloft.
'."I'can'wuk her now!"
Another lull . came, and from the
thicket arose the cry of a thin, high.
"Americano — Americano!"
•'"Whut. regiment you b'long to?" the
voice was a negro's and was Bob's, and
Grafton and Crittenden listened keenly.
Bob had evidently got a sharpshooter
up a tree, and caught him loading his
gun.
"Tenth Cav'rly— Tenth!" was the an
swer. Bob laughed long and loud.
'•Well, you jus the man I been lookin'
fer-^the fust white man, I ever seed
whut .'longed to a nigger regiment.
Come down, honey." There .was the
sharp, clean. crack of a Krag-Jorgen
soh, and a yell of savage triumph.
'•"That nigger's a bird," said Grafton.
Captain." Bob looked after the file of
colored troops, and ¦ then at Crittenden.
"AH right, Ole 'Cap'n; I tol' you.in ole:
Kentuck that I gwine to fight wid the
niggers ef you don't , lemmV fight wid
you.- I don't like disgracin' the family
dis way, but 'tain't my fault,' an' ts'pose
you git shot— " the slap of the flat side
of a sword across Bob's back made him
jump. : . , ,
"What are you .doing here?"' thun
dered an angry officer. "Getjnto line—
get into' Hne.'* _
"I ain't^no eojer.? ._
"Get Into linej" and Bob ran after the
disappearing file, . shaking his 'head
helplessly. - ' . : .' : .
The crash started again, and the hum
of bees and the; soft- snap -of the. leaves
when' bullets clipped them like blows
wjthi a rattan cane, and the rattllnr
sputter of the machine j runs, and once
more came " that; long;, long wait that
tries : the 'soldier's heart," nerve f and
brain. .
' "Why : was not '.' something" done—
Why?" ...... i ''¦.'¦..,¦.¦.'.':¦' , .. -V '. L-l . -.' ¦','¦:.
And again rose thie cry for the hospi
tal men, .and. .. again, the limp "figures
were brought In from the jungle, and
he could see the tall doctor with" the
¦bare head helping, the -men -who -had
been, dressed, with a first-aid bandage
to the protecting bank of the creek far
ther up; to make room for the fresh
victims.' And 'as he. stood up' once,
.Crittenden Vsaw him throw his/ hand
quickly - to his ¦ temple and ; sink to the
blood-stained 'sand.' The assistant, who
bent rover him.- looked; up .quickly and
shook his head to • another, who .was
binding I. a ...wounded v leg. .and, .looking
anxiously to know; the fatal truth.
- "I've '( got ; it," said • a soldier to Crit T
tenden's left;, joyously, . he .said it,, for
the bullet had merely gone " through his
right shoulder/ ' He could fight no more,
he. ha,dTa'i wound and he could, wear a
scar to;hls;rrave. - ; '¦' \\ : ]- :
"So have X'':; said another, with -.a
groan. And then next him there was a
sudden, < soft : thud: ...
VThup!" It. was the sound of a' bullet
Rolnr ¦• into 'thick * flesh, . and • the^soldler
sprang to his feet— the Impulse seemed
uncontrollable > 'for ' the * wounded ; to
Looking behind, Crittenden had to
laugh. There was Bob, in a cavalry
man's.hat, with a Krag-Jorgehson in
his - hand, and an ammunition belt
buckled around him.
As he started toward Grafton, a lieu
tenant halted him.
"Why aren't you with your regi
ment?" he demanded sharply, »
"i;aln't got no regiment. I'se lookin 1
fer Ole Captain." •
"Get back into your regiment." said
the officer, with . an oath, and pointing
behind - to the Tenth ' Colored -Cavalry
coming up.
' "Huh!" he said, looking after -the
officer a moment, and then he came on
to the edge of the creek.
"Go to the rear. Bob," shouted 'Crit
tenden, sharply, and the next moment
Bob was crashing through the bushes
to the "edge of the creek.
"Foh Gawd, Ole Cap'n. I sutn'ly ,-iis.
glad to fine you. .1 wish you'd Jes show
me how towuk this gun. I'se swine to
fight right side o* you— you heah me."
V "Go back/ ' Bob," said Crittenden,
firmly.
"Silence in the ranks," roared a lleu
tenantl' Bob \ hesitated. Just" then' a
company of , the Tenth -.. Cavalry filed
down the road as they were deployed to
the right. Critteijden's file of soldiers
could see that the last man • was / a
short, fat ' darky^-eyideritly "a recruit—
and he was swinging along as jauntily
as in a cake walk. As he wheeled pom
pously,' he dropped his gun, leaped Into
the air with a yell of amazed rare and
pain, catching r at* the seat of his ¦ trou
sers ;"'witb/'; both \ hands. - < A* • bullet , had
gone -through ; both " buttocks'. -
,"Gawd, Ole. Cap'n, did? you tee dat
nigger?" " /„
A roar of ; laughter went down', the
bed of, the creek. .-.- •.". : . , \
, "Go back!"., repeated Crittenden,
threateningly, "and stop calling me Old
Grafton's face was.still calm — he was
still looking. - Presently he turned and
beckoned to somebody in the rear.
. "There he is, now."
"Well, by God," said Reynolds, Irri
tably—the bullet had gone through his
sleeve. "This ain't no timesto joke."
Reynolds, on his right, had ducked
quickly. Crittenden looked up in sur
prise. The South had no monopoly of
nerve— nor, in that campaign, the sol
dier. ' -\ .
"That hit you?" he asked, -without
altering the tone of his voice— without
even lowering his glasses.
presently he rose and calmly peered
over the bank and at the line of yellow
dirt on the crest of the hill. A bullet
spat in the ground close by.
A lull came — one of the curious lulls
that come periodically In battle for the
reason that after any violent effort men
must have a breathing spell— and ¦ the
mist of bullets swept on to the, right
like a swift passing: shower of rain. :
There was a ' splash in • the creek ! be
hind Crittenden, and some one fell on
his face behind the low bank with a
fervent: ; '¦ ' ¦.;"¦-.' f,.-(; "¦' •
1 "Thank God. I've rot this f ar." ' It
was Grafton. v \
*;That nigger of yours is coming, on
somewhere back there/' he added, and
And behind forged soldiers forward, a
tall aid at the ford urging them across
and stopping a panic among volunteers.
"Come back, you cowards — come
back! Push 'em back, boys!" .
A horse was orosslng the stream.
There was a hissing shriek in the air, a
geyser spouting from the creek, the
remnants of a horse thrown upward,*
and five men tossed In a swirl 'like
straw; and, a moment later, a boy fee
bly paddling toward the shore— while
the water ran past him red with blood.
And, through It all, looking backward,
Crittenden saw little Carter coming on
horseback, calm of face, calm of man
ner, with his hands folded over his
saddle, and his eyes looking upward
little Carter who had started out in an
ambulance that morning with a tem
perature of one hundred and four, and,
meeting wounded soldiers, gave up his
wagon to them, mounted his horse, and
rode into battle— to come out normal at
dusk. And behind him— ereot, proud,
face aflame,' eyes burning', "but" hardly
less cool— rode Basil. , Crittenden's eyes
filled with love and pride for the boy.
"God bless him— God save him!"
• - • • -
And here and there, in the steady
pelt of bullets, went the quiet, brave
fellows with red crosses on their
sleeves; across the^creek, Crittenden
could see a tall, young doctor, bare
headed in the sun, stretching out limp
figures on the sand under the bank —
could see him and his assistants strip
pins, off blouse and trousers and shirt,
and wrapping and binding, and newly
wounded beinr ever brought in. . .
And not all of them passed high.
After that sweep of glistening steel
rain along the edge of the woods rose
the cry here, there, everywhere:
"Hospital man! hospital man!"
Ah, ye scornful veterans of the great
war. In ten minutes the Spaniard let
fly with his' Mauser more bullets than
did you fighting hard for two long
hours, and that one machine gun loosed
more death stings in an hour than did
a regiment of you in two. And they
were coming from intrenchments on an
all but vertical hill, from llles of un
limited ammunition, and from soldiers
who should have been as placid as the
earth under them for all the demorali
zation that hostile artillery fire was
causing them, . «
leaves down, patting into the Eoft eartlj
ahead, swishing to right and to left,
and at last playing in a steady stream
about the prostrate soldiers. .
"Swish-ee! Swish-ee! Swish-ee!"
"Whew!" said Abe Long.
VGod!" said Reynolds.
It had been a slow, tiresome march
up that narrow lane of death, and, so
far, Crittenden had merely, been
sprinkled with Mauser and shrapnel.
His regiment had begun to deploy to
the left, down the bed of a stream.
The negro cavalry and the Rough Ri
ders were deploying to the, right. Now
broke the storm. Imagine sheet after
sheet of hailstones, , coated with pol
ished steel, and swerved when close to
the earth at a sharp angle > the line of
descent, and sweeping the air horizon
tally with an awful . hiss— swifter in
• • •
"Take this road," he said. "I don't
know where that one goes, but I know
this one. I went up this one, and
brought back a souvenir," .he . added,
cheerily, shaking a bloody arm.
And everywhere men were caution
ing him to beware of the guerrillas, who
were in the trees, adding horror to the
scene — shooting wounded men on lit
ters, hospital men, doctors. Once, there
was almost the horror of a panic in the
crowded road. Soldiers answered the
guerrilla fire from the road; men came
running back; bullets spattered around.
Ahead, the road was congested with
soldiers. Beyond them was anchored
the balloon, over the Bloody Ford —
drawing the Spanish fire to the' troops
huddled beneath it. There was the
death trap/' 'd -'-.
And, climbing from an ambulance to
mount his horse, a little, bent old mam,
weak and trembling from fever, but
with his gentle blue eyes glinting: fire —
Basil's hero — ex-Confederate Jerry
Carter.
"Give the Tanks hell, boys," he
shouted. .
Another, hopping across -the creek on
one leg? — the other bare and wounded —
and uslnr his gun, muzzle down, as a
vaultlng-polei Another, with his arm
in the sling, pointing out the way.
At headquarters began the central
lane of death that led toward San Juan,
and Basil picked his way through it at
a Blow walk— his excitement gone for
the moment and his heart Ireaking at
the sight of the terrible procession on its
way to the rear. Men with arms in
slings; men with trousers torn away at
the knee, and bandaged legs; men with
brow, face, mouth, or throat swathed;
men with no shirts, but a broad swathe
around the chest or stomach — each
bandage grotesquely pictured with hu
man fhrures printed to show how the
wound should be bound, on whatever
part of the body the bullet entered.
Men staggering along unaided, or be
tween two comrades, or borne on lit
ters, some white and quiet, some
groaning and blood-stained, some con-
Edous, some dying, some using a rifle
for a support, or a stick thrust through
the side of a tomato can. Rolls, ha
versacks, blouses, hardtack, bibles,
strewn by the wayside, where the sol
diers had thrown them before they
went into action. It was curious, but
nearly all of the wounded were dazed
and drunken in appearance, except at
the brows, which were tightly drawn
with pain. There was one man, with
short, thick, upright red hair, stumb
ling from one side of the road to the
other, with no wound apparent, and
muttering:
"Oh, I don't know what happened to
me. I don't know what happened to
me." ¦
The advance had begun over there;
there was the main attack — the big bat
tle. It was Interesting and horrible
enough where he was, but Caney was
not Santiago; and Grafton, too,
mounted his horse and galloped after
BasIL
s'.ver in the air. the atmosphere was
rent ayart as by a lightning stroke di
rectly, overhead. The man and the
horse by the blue wall dropped noise
tenly to the earth. A Rough Rider
paleU ar.<l limped down the hill and
lUackford shock "his hand— a piece of
shrapnel had fallen harmlessly on his
v.tIfL On the hill— Crittenden laughed
rs he looked— on the hill, nobody ran—
everybody tumbled. BesMes the men
£t the r-jus, only two others were left
— civilians.
"You're a fool." said one.
"You're another/'
" \Vhat\l you siay here for?"
•"Because you did. W'hat'd you stay
for?"
"BecauFe you did."
Then they we:it d<»v.n tojrethT— rap
idly— and just in time. Another shell
shrieked. Two artilkryn-.en and two
sergeants dropped dead at their guns,
and a corporal fell, mortally wounded.
A third beret in a group of Cubans.
Several of them fku out, killed or
Mounded, Into lli<» nir: ihe rest ran
shrieking for the wyods. Below, those
woods b?s;in to move. Under those
shells ru.rte«i tba impatient soldiers
<2own that narrow lar.c through the jun-
Kle, and with Keynotes and Abe Long
on the " i> Ini" was Crittenden. his
Krap - Jorgfiison across his breast —
thrilled. Cor all the world; as though he
were en a hunt for big game.
e • *
And all the time the sound of ripping
doth was rolling over from Casey, the
far-away rumble "f wagons over cob
ble stor.es. or softened stage hail and
stapc thunder around the bl^ck house,
stone fort, and Unro. At first it was a
desultory fire, like the popping of a
bunch cf fire trackers that have to be
relighted several times, and Basil and
Grafton. galloping toward it, could
hear the hiss of bullets that far away.
But, now and then, the fire was ag
steady as a Galling gun. Behind them
the artillery had turned on the stone
fort, and Grafter. £uw one shot tear a
hole through the Spaniards .darting
from the foi t ar.d taking refuge in tha
encircling Ftcne-tut trenches; and then
n. thins elee — for their powder was
smokeless — except tlie f — hats of
the little devils in blue, who- blazed
away from their trenches around the
fort and minded the shells bursting
over and around them as littnj as
though they had been bursting snow
bails. If the boy ahead noted anything,
Orafton could not tell. Basil turned
his head neither to right nor left, and
at the foot of the muddy hill, the black
horse that he rod>, without touch of
*pur. seemed suddenly to leave the
ea:th c:nl pass en out of Eight with the
swift silence of>e shadow. At the foot
of a hill walked the first wounded man
— a colonel limping: between two sol
diers. The colonel locked up smiling—
he had a terrible wound in the groin.
•Well." he culled cheerily, "I'm the
first victim."
Grafton vorcdered. Was it -possible
that men were Roing to behave on a
l>attle-ficld just as they did anywhere
else— just as naturally— taking wounds
and death and horror as a matter of
course? Beyond were more wounded —
the wounded who were able -to help
themselves. Soon he saw them, lying by
th* roadside, here and t-.ere a dead one;
by and by, he struck a battalion
marching to storm a block house. He
got down, hitched his horse a few yards
from the road and Joined it. He was
wondering how it would feel to be un
der fire, when just as they were cross
ing another road, with a whir and
whistle and buzz, a cloud of swift in
sects buzzed over his head. Uncon
sciously imitating the soldiers near him
he bent low and walked rapidly. Right
and left of him sounded two or three
low. horrible crunching noises, and
right and left of him two or three blue
shapes eank limply down on their faces.
A sudden sickness seized him, nauseat
ing; him like a fetid odor— the crunch-
Inr noise was the sound of a bullet
crashing; Into a living human skull as
the men bent forward. One man, he
remembered afterward, dropped with
the culck grunt of an animal— he was
killed outright; another gave a gasp-
Ing" cry. "Oh, God" — there was a mo
ment of suffering consciousness for
him; a third hopped aside into the
boshes— cursing angrily. Still another,
as be passed, looked up from the earth
at him with a curious smile, as though
he were half ashamed ¦ of something;.
"I've rot It, partner," he said, "I
reckon I've rot it, sure." And Grafton
saw a drop of blood and the tiny
month of a wound In his gullet, where
the Sass of his collar fell apart. He
couldn't realize how he felt— he was not
Interested any longer in how he felt.
The Instinct of life was at work, and
the Instinct of self-defense. When
the others dropped, he dropped gladly;
when they rose, he rose automatically.
A piece of brush, a bush, the low
branch of a tree, a weed seemed to him
protection, and he saw others possessed
with the same absurd idea. Once the
unworthy thought crossed his mind,
when he was lying behind a squad of
'soldiers and a little lower than they,
that his chance was at least better
than theirs. And once, and only once —
•with a bitter sting cf shame — he caught
himself dropping back a little, so that
the same squad shpuld be between him
and the enemy; and forthwith he
stepped out into the road, abreast with
the foremost, cursing himself for a
coward, and thereafter took a savage
delight in reckless exposure whenever
it was possible. And he soon saw that
hi3 position was a queer one, and an
unenviable one, as far as a cooi test of
nerve was the point at issue. The offi
cers, he saw, had their men to look
after— orders to obey— their minds were
occupied. The soldiers were busy get
ting a shot at the enemy— their minds,
too, were occupied. It was his peculiar
province to stand up and be shot at
without the satisfaction of shooting
back — studying his sensations, mean
while, which were not particularly
pleasant, and studying the rrewsome
horrors about him. And it struck him,
too, that his was a ghastly business,
and an unjustifiable, and that If It
pleased God to see him through he
would never ro to another war except
as a soldier. One consideration Inter
ested him and was satisfactory. No
body was shooting at him— nobody, was
shooting at anybody in particular. If
he were killed, or when anybody was
killed. It was merely accident,' and it
was thus pleasant to reflect that ha waa
spring: to their feet— and dropped with
a groan— dead. Crittenden straight
ened -him out sadly— putting his hat
over his face and drawing his arms to
his 'sides.' Above, he saw v.-ith sudden
nausea, buzzards circling — little cared
they whether the dead were American
or Spaniard, as long as there were eyes
to pluck and lips to tear away, and then
straightway, tragedy, merged into com
edy as swiftly as on a stage. Out of
the ¦ woods across the way emerged a
detail -of negro troopers — sent to clear
the .woods behind of sharpshooters—
saw a lieutenant— It was Sharpe. whom
he had met at home and at Chickamau
ga — look back at the soldier, who -was
trying to raise himself on his elbow
while the bullets seemed literally to b«
mo-wijig down the tall grass about him.
Then Crittenden heard a familiar grunt
behind him, and the next minute Bob's
figure sprang out into the open, mak
ing for the- wounded man by the sym
pathy of race. As he stooped, to Crit
tenden's horror. Bqb pitched to th»
ground — threshing around like an ani
mal that has received a blow on the
head. "Without a thought", without con
sciousness of his own motive or hl3 act.
Crittenden sprang to his feet and
dashed for Bob. Within ten feet of the>
boy, his toe caught irs a root and ha
fell headlong. As he scrambled to hla
feet, he saw Sharpe making for him—
thinking that he had been shot down —
and. as he turned, with Bob in his arms,
half a dozen men, including Grafton
and his own lientensnt, were retreating
in as much danger as anybody.
The firing was pretty hot now, and
the wounded were too many to be han
dled. A hospital man. called out sharp
ly: "Give a hand here." Grafton • :e a
hand to help a poor fellow back to the
field hospital, in a . little hollow, and
when he reached the road again that
black horse and his bc-y rider were
coming back like shadows, through a
rain of bullets, along the edge of the
woods. Once the horsa plunged side
wise and shook his head angrily— a
Mauser had stung him in the neck— but
the lad, pale and his eyes like stars,
lifted him in a flying leap over a
barbed-wire fence and swung him into
the road acain.
"Damn!" said Grafton. simply.
Then arose a loud cheer from the bat
tery on the hill, and, looking west, he
saw the war balloon hung high above
the trees and movies toward Santiago,
flight than a peal of thunder from sky
to earth, and hardly less swift than the
lightning flash that caused it.
"T-t-scu-u-u-h! T-t-seu-oo! T-t-seu
oo!" They went like cloud after cloud
of lightning-winged Insects, and pass
ing, by God's mercy and the Spaniards'
bad marksmanship — passing high. Be
tween two splashes came a sudden
sputter, and some singing thing began
to play up and down through the trees,
and to right and left, In a steady hum.
It was a machine gun playing for the
range — like a mighty hose pipe, water
ing earth and ,. trees with a steady,
spreading jet cf hot lead. It was lik'e
some strange, huge monster, unseeing
and unseen, who knows where his prey
is hidden and- is searching for it.blind
ly—by feeling or by -sense of smell
coming ©vex nearer, showering tK*
THE SAN FRANCISCO. : SUNDAY; CALL.
3(Continued Next Sunday.)
Seepage 9i£
cures a perfect jpicture, . This means a
little deceptlonnot possible to practice
In photography, . where .- beauty and
blemish both appear upon the plate. To
subdue the one and' retain the other re
quires, as much skill,' perhaps, as. any.
employed In the painter's art.. .
f\i Is In just this regard particularly
that the photographer's skill is best
displayed in making pictures of danc
ing girls. At first thought it might
seem sufficient to let the subject dance
before the camera and simply snapshot
her during her evolutions, while as a
matter of fact not one dancer In fifty
ever reproduces In the studio the per
formance she gives on the stage.
Strange as it may appear, dancing girls
invariably become awkward as soon as
they step before the camera. I cannot
account for It, but it is so.
It Is necespary, therefore, for the
photographer to learn the dancer's best
poses as she executes them In the
dance, after which he can select the
particular series of movements that
will look best in the finished picture.
Of course animation 'la the first requi
site of a pleasing picture. And equally,
of course, each picture must be full of
action. And as each dance is distinc
tive, so each picture should be expres
sive of the whole dance itself. .-..-¦
To pose a dancing girl, therefore. It is
necessary to avoid all angles and ugly
lines. To better illustrate what I mean,
look upon the full-page picture printed
on Hie: first page of. this edition. It is
one of. the best dancing poses I have
ever made.
,*y\ S the ;beautles of -the human.
f I mind are exhibited in' all"; their
; ( I perfection by the adornment .of
. JL * language, so are the ever vary
ing physical beauties of the human ex
terior, the form and shape of the
"noblest "work of creation." embellished
by the art of photography.
The photographer's art in many ways
bears a close relatien to that real art
which the inspired painter conceives
and represents upon his canvas. jj This
art has many divisions dnd branches,
but photography follows them all
closely. '
Photography depicts nature without
a touch of the pen, pencil or brush to
disturb the exquisite lines of light and
shade, and is, therefore, not an Imag
inary Ideal, but reaches, nevertheless,
deep Into the domain of the painter's
skill and genius.
Some subjects are awkward in any
attitude, but in the hands of a skillful
photographer they can be made to as
sume a graceful pose, and the results
obtained may be- likened to Talley
rand's witticism on the art of conceal
ing rather than revealing.
Though the best effects are obtained
by adhering to the simplicity of nature,
we are obliged to deal with all sorts of
conditional sitters, and so must make
the best of the whims of one and the
deluded vanity of another.
The painter seeks expression, soul
and life. He forms in his mind an ideal,
and strives to blend it with the model
from which he paints, and thus he se-
HOW TO POSE A DANCING GIRL
Now and then a bullet would have a
hoarse sound — that meant it had ri
cochetted. At Intervals of three or
four minutes a huge, old-fashioned pro
jectile would labor through the air,
visible all the time, and crash harm
lessly into the woods. The Americans
called It the "long yellow feller," and
sometimes a negro trooper would turn
and with a yell shoot at It as it passed
over. A little way off, a squad of the
Tenth Cavalry was digging a trench—
It was fiercer firing now than ever.
The Spaniards were In the second line
of trenches and were making a sortie.
Under the hill sat Grafton and another
correspondent while the storm of bul
lets swgpt over them. . Grafton was
without glasses — a Mauser had fur
rowed the skin on the bridge of his
nose, breaking his spectacle-frame so
that one glass dropped on one side zZ
his nose and the other on the' other.
The other man had several narrow
squeaks, as he called them, and even
as they sat, a bullet cut a leaf over his
head and it dropped between tlie
pages of his note-book. He closed the
book and looked up.
"Thanks," he said. "That's just
what I want — I'll keep that."
"I observe," said Grafton, "that the
way one of these Infernal bullets pounds
depends entirely on where you happen
to be when you hear it. When a sharp
shooter has picked you out and 13 plug
ging at you, they are intelligent and
vindictive. Coming through that bot
tom, they were for all the world like a
lot of nasty little Insects. , And listen
to 'em r.ow." The other man listened.
"Hear them as they pass over and go
out of hearing. That is for all the
world like the last note of a meadow
lark's song when you hear him afar
oft* and at sunset. But I notice that
simile didn't occur to. me until I got
under the lee of this hill." He looked
arqund. "This hill will be famous, I
suppose. Let's go up higher."- They
went up higher, passing a crowd of
skulkers, or men in reserve — Grafton
could not tell which — and as they went
by a sc-!d!er paid:
v "Well, if I didn't have to be here, I
be damned if J wouldn't like to see
anybody get me here. What them fel
lers come fer, I can't see."
The firing was still hot when the two
men cot up to the danger line, anil
there they lay down. A wounded man
lay at Grafton's elbow. Once '.his 1
throat rattled and Grafton turned curi
ously.
"That's the death-rattle," he said to
himself, and he had never heard a
death-rattle before. The poor fellow's
throat rattled again, and again Graf
ton turned.
"I never knew before," he said to
himself, "that a dying man's throat
rattled but once." Then it flashed on
him with horror that he should have
so little feeling, and he knew it at once
as the curious callousness that comes
quickly to toughen the heart for the
sights of war. A man killed in battle
was not an ordinary man at all— he
stirred no sensation at all — no more
than a dead animal. Already he had
heard officers remarking calmly to one
another, and apparently without feel-
Ing:
"Well, bo and so was killed to-day."
And he looked back to the disembarka
tion when the army was slmply'lii* a
hurry. Two negro troopers ;7. were
drowned trying to get off on the pier.
They were -fished up; a rope was^tied
about the neck of each, and they were
lashed to the pier and left to be beaten
against the wooden pillars by the
waves for four hours before four com
rades came and took them out and
burled them. Such was the dreadful
callousness that sweeps through the
human heart when war begins, and
he was under its influence himself, and
long afterward he with
shame his idle and half-scientific and
useless curiosity about the wounded
man at his elbow. As he turned his
head, the soldier gave a long, deep,
peaceful sigh, as though he had gone to
sleep. With pity now. Grafton turned
to him— and he had gone to sleep, but
It was his last sleep.
"Look," said the other man. Craf
ton looked upward. Along the
trenches, and under a hot fire, moved
Jerry Carter, with figure bent, hands
clasped behind him — with the manner,
for all the world, of a. deacon In a
country graveyard looking for In
scriptions on tomb stones.
the Spaniards' trench, and he saw
Blackford's face above him. Then he
was dropped heavily on the ground
again and Blackford pitched across his'
body. There was one glimpse of Abe
Long's anxious face above him, an
other vision of Judith, and then quiet,
painless darkness.
Looking toward Caney he could even
see the^ hill from which he had wit
nessed the flight of the first shell that
had been the storm center of the hur
ricane of death that -had "swept all
through the white,- cloudless day. ,"• It
burst* harmlessly— that shell — and
meant no more than a signal to fire to
the soldiers closing in on. Caney, the
Cubans lurking around a block house at
a safe artillery distance In the woods,
and to. the impatient- battery before
San Juan. Retrospectively now. jit
meant th« death knell of brave men,
the quick cry and long groaning of the
wounded, the pained breathing of sick
and fever stricken, the quickened heart
beats of the waiting' and . anxious- at
home — the low sobbing of the women
to whom fatal news came. It meant
Cervera's gallant dash, Sampson and
Schley's great victory," the fall, of San
tiago; freedom for Cuba, a quieter
sleep for .the Maine dead, and peace
•with Spain. Once more, as he rose, he
looked at the dark woods, the'dead-
haunted, jungles which the moon was
draping with a more than mortal
beauty, and he knew that in them, as 1
in the long grass of the orchard-Uke
valley below him, comrade was looking
for dead comrade. And among the
searchers, was the faithful Bob, look-
Ing for Old Captain. Crittenden, his
honest heart nigh to bursting,, for al
ready he had found Raincrow torn with
a shell and he Had borne a body back to
the horror-haunted little hospital under
the creek bank at the Bloody Ford— a
body from which the h«ad hung over
his shoulder— llmo, with a bullet hc*!e
through the peck — the bod7 of ihs
Young Captain, Basil.
Grafton sat, sobered and saddened,
whera he was awhile.' The moon swung
upward, white and peaceful, toward
mild-eyed stars. Crickets chirped In
the graes around him, and nature's low
night mueic started In the woods and
the valley below, as though the earth
had never known the hell of fire and
human passion that "had rocked it
through that day. Was there so much
difference between the creatures pf the
earth and the creatures of his own
proud estate? Had they not both been
on the same brute level that day? And.
save for. the wounded and "the men who
had comrades - wounded and dead, were
not/the unharmed as careless, almost
as indifferent as cricket and tree toad
to the tragedies of their, sphere? Had
there been any inner change in any
guava'bush and mango tree, down
through clumps of Spanish bayonet,
on stiff figures that would rise no
more; on white, set faces with the
peace of. painless death upon them or
the agony of silent torture, fought out
under fierce heat and in the eilence of
the Jungle alone. •
• Once Grafton started into a tent.
On the first cot lay a handsome boy,
with a white, frank face, and a bullet
hole through his neck, and he recog
nized the dashlns: little fellow whom
he had seen splashing through the
bloody ford at a gallop, dropping 'from
his horse at a barbed-wire fence, and
dashing on afoot with the Rough Ri
ders. The face bore a strong likeness
to the face he had seen on the hill— of
the Kentucklan. Crittenden— the Ken
tucky regular, as Grafton always men
tally characterized him — and he won
dered if the boy were not the brother
of whom he had heard. The lad was
still alive— but how could he live with
.that wound in his throat? Graf ton's
eyes filled with tears; It was horror —
horror — all horror.
Here and there along the shadowed
road lay a lifeless mule or horse or a
dead man. It was curious, but a man
killed in battle was not like an ordi
nary dead man — he was no more than
he was — a lump of clay. It was more
curious still that one's pity seemed less
acute for man than for horse; it was
the man's choice to take the risk— the
horse had no. choice.
Here and there by the roadside was a
grave. Comrades. had halted there long
enough to save a comrade from the
birds of prey.: Every- itow and then he
would meet a pack train' loaded with
ammunition and ration boxes; or a
wagon drawn by six mules and driven
by a swearing, fearless, tireless team
ster. .The forest was ringing with the
noise of wheels, the creaking of har
ness, the shouts of teamsters and the
guards with them and the officer In
charge — all on the way to the working
beavers on top of the conquered hilL
¦ Going the other "way were the poor
wounded, on foot, in little groups of
slowly moving twos and threes, and In
jolting, sprlngless army wagons — on
their way of torture to more torture in
the rear. His heart bled for them.
And the way those men took their suf
fering! Sometimes the Jolting wagons
were too much for human endurance,
and soldiers would pray for the driver,
when he stopped, not to start again. In
one ambulance that he overtook, a man
groaned.
"Grit your teeth," said another, an
old" Irish sergeant, sternly— "Grit your
teeth; there's others that's hurt worse'n
you." The sergeant lifted his head, and
a bandage showed that he was shot
through the face, and Grafton heard
not another sound. - But It was the
slightly hurt— the men shot In the leg
or arm — who made the most noise. He
had seen three men brought into the
hospital from San Juan. The. surgeon
took the one who was groaning. - He
had a mere scratch on one leg. An
other was dressed, and while the third
sat silently on a stool, still another was
attended, and another, before the sur-
man who had fought that day that was
not /or the worse? Would he himself
get normal again,- he wondered? Was
there one sensitive soul who fully real
ized the horror of that day? If so, he
would better have been at home. The
one fact that stood above every
thought that had come to him that day
was the utter, the startling insignifi
cance of death. Could that mean much
more than a startllngly sudden lower
ing of the estimate put upon' human
life? Across . the hollow behind him
and from a tall palm over the Spanish
trenches, rose, loud and clear, the night
song of a mocking-bird. Over there
the little men in blue were tolling:, toll
ing, tolling at their trenches: and
along the crest of the hill th-; big men
in blue were toiling, tolling, toiling at
theirs. All through the night anxious
eyes would be strained for Chaffee.
and at dawn the slaughter would begin
again. Wherever he looked, he could
see with his mind's eye stark faces In
the long grass of the valley and the
Spanish bayonet clumps in the woods.
All day he had seen them there — dying
of thirst, bleeding to death— alone. As
he went down the hill, lights were mov
ing along the creek bed. A row of
muffled dead lay along the bed of the
creek. Yet they were still bringing in
dead and wounded — a dead officer with
his will and a letter to his wife clasped
in his hand. He had lived long enough
to write them. Hollow-eyed surgeons
were moving here and there. Up the
bank of the creek, a voice rose:
"Come on, ' boys'* — appeallngly —
"you're not going back on me. Come
on, you cursed cowards! Good! I take
It back, boys. Now we've got 'em!"
Another voice: 1 "Kill me,, somebody
kill me. For God's sake, kill me.
Won't somebody give me a pistol? God
—God—"
Dusk fell quickly. The: full moon
rose. The stars came out, and under
them, at the foot of the big mountains,
a red fire burned sharply out In the
mist rising over captured Caney, from
which- tireless was . already
starting- his worn-out soldiers on. an
all-night march by the. rear and to the
trenches at San Juan. And along the
stormed hill side camp fires were glow.-'
lnc out where the lucky soldiers who
had rations to cook were cheerily fry
ing, bacon .. and hardtack. ¦ Grafton
moved down to* watch one squad and,
as he stood on the edge of the* firelight,
wondering at the cheery, talk and Jok
ing laughter, somebody behind him said
sharply: ' .,.'¦.. t
"Watch out, there." and he turned to
find' himself on the edge of a? grave
which a detail- was ' digging riot ten
yards away from the fire— digging for
a dead comrade. . Never had he .seen, a
more peaceful moonlit night than the
night that closed over the battle field.
«It was hard for him to realize that the
day had not been a terrible dream, and
yet, as the moon rose,* its. rich'. light,- he
knew, was stealing into the guerrilla
haunted jungles, stealing ' through
And, sitting on the edge of the
trench, with Sharpe lylng # with his face
on his arm* a few feet j away, ¦ and the
tall Cuban outstretched beside him.
and the dead Spaniards, Americans. and
Cubans about them, Grafton told the
story of Crittenden. And at- the end
tbe other man gave a low. whistle' and
smote the back .of one hand Into the
palm of the other softly. '. "•¦'-'¦<¦
"Up there." And two hospital men,
with a Jitter, came toward them and
took up the body. As thsy passed,
Grafton- recoiled.
"Good God!" It was Crittenden. : v
cloee tp the to"p of : the.' hill.' ; Ntw and
then one would" duck— particularly the
one on the end. He had hla. tongue In.
the corner of his mouth, was twirling
his Dick over his shoulder like a rail
road hand, and grunting with, every
stroke. Grafton sould hear, him.
"Fqh Gawd (huh!) never thought
(huh!) I'd git to love (huh!) a pick be
foh!" Grafton broke into laugh. J
"You see the change?" ¦ ,"¦; .
"Part of it." V ' «
"That tall fellow with the blue hand
kerchief afound his throat, bare-head
ed, long hair?" ¦ ¦-jl'V
"Well— " the other man stopped for
a moment. His .eye had » caught sight
of a figure on the ground— <m top of the
trench, and with the profile' of his face
between him and the after-glow, <and
his tone changed— "there he is!"
Grafton pressed closer.- "What, that
the fellow?"^ There was the handker
chief, the he"ad was bare, the hair long
and dark. The man's eyes were closed,
but he was breathing. Beknvr^hem at
that moment they heard the' surgeon
say: i ' ' . - ¦; . .' ,; >
He could not stand that hoarse, rasp
ing whisper much longer. His canteen
he had clung to— the regular had
taught him that— and he tried again
to move. A thousand needles shot
through him— every one, it seemed,
passing through a nerve-center and
back the same path again. He heard
his own teeth crunch aa he had often
heard the teeth of a drunken man
man crunch, and then he became un
conscious. When he came to, the man
was still muttering; but this time it
was a woman's name, and Crittenden
lay still. Good God!
"Judith— Judith— Judith!" each time
more faintly stllL There were other
Judiths in the world, but the voice — he
knew.- the voice — somewhere he had
heard it. The moon was coming; It
had crossed the other man's feet and
was creeping up his twisted body. It
would reach his face in time, and. if
he could keep from fainting again, he
would see.
""Water! water! water!"
,Why did not some one answer? Crit
tenden called and called and called; but
he could little more than whisper.
Crittenden could not move. He could
see the lights in the tents; the half
naked figures stretched on tables; and
doctors with-bloody arms about them —
cutting and bandaging— one with his
hands inside a man's stomach, working
and kneading the bowels as though
they were dough. Now and then four
negro troopers would appear with
something In a blanket, would walk
around the tent where there was a long
trench, and, standing at the head of
this, two would lift up their ends of
the blanket and the other two would
let go, and a shapeless shape would
drop into the trench. Up and down
near by strolled two young lieutenants,
smoking cigarettes— calmly, carelessly.
He could see all this, but that was all
right; that was, all right! Everything
was all right except that long, black
shape in the shadow near him gasp
"Water! water! water!"
Grafton passed on — sick. On along
the muddy road — through more pack
trains, wagons, shouts, creakings, curs
ings. On through the beautiful moon
light night and through the beautiful
tropical forest, under tall cocoanut and
taller palm; on past the one long grave
of the Rough Riders— along the battle
line of the first little fight— through the
ghastly, many-colored masses of hide
ous land crabs shuffling sidewise Into
the cactus and shuffling on with an un
earthly rustling- of dead twig and fallen
leaf; along the crest of the foothills
and down to the little town of Slboney,
lighted, bustling with preparation for
the wounded in the tents; bustling at
the beach with the unloading of ra
tions, the transports moving here and
there far out on the moon-lighted sea.
Down there were straggler, wounded
soldier, teamster, mule packer, refugee
Cuban, correspondent, nurse, doctor,
surgeon — the flotsam and jetsam of the
battle of the day.
The moon rose. • «
"Water! water! water!"
"Yes, sir."
That day he had seen a soldier stag
ger out from the firing line with half
his face shot away and go staggering
to the rear without aid. On the way he
met. a mounted staff officer, and he
raised his hand to his hatless, bleeding
forehead. In a stern salute and. with
out a gesture for aid. staggered on.
The officer's eyes filled with tears.
"Lieutenant," said a trcopcr. Just
after the charge on the trenches, "I
think I'm wounded."
"Can you get to ti. rear without
help?"
"I think I can. sir." and he started.
Af.ter twenty paces he pitched forward
—dead. His wound was through the
heart.
At the divisional hospital were more
lights, tents, surgeons, stripped figures
on the tables under the lights; rows of
figures In darkness outside the tents;
and rows of muffled shapes behind; the
smell of . anesthetics and cleansing
fluids; heavy breathing, heavy groan
ing, and an occasional curse on the
night air.
Beyond him was a stretch of moon
lit road and coming toward him was a
soldier, his arm in a sling, and stagger
ing wea'kly from side to side. With a
start of pure gladness he saw it was
Crittenden. and he advanced with his
hand outstretched.
"Are you badly hurt?"
"Oh, no." said Crittenden, pointing
to his hand and arm, but not mention
ing the bullet through his chest.
"Oh, but I'm glad. I thought you
were gone sure when I saw you laid
out on the hill."
"Oh, I am all right," he said, and his
manner was as courteous as though he
had been in a drawing-room; but, in
spite of hla f nonchalance, Grafton saw
him stagger when he moved off.
"I say. you oughtn't to be walking."
he called. "Let me help you." but
Crittenden waved him off.
"Oh, I'm all right." he repeated, and
then he stopped. "Do you know where
the hospital is?"
"God!" said Grafton softly, and he
ran back and put his arm around* the
soldier — Crittenden laughing weakly:
"I missed it somehow."
"Yes, It's back "here," said Grafton
gently, and he saw naw that the sol
dier's eyes were dazed and that he
breathed heavily and leaned on him,
laughing and apologizing, now and
then with a curious shame at his weak
ness. As they turned from the road at
the hospital entrance, Crittenden
dropped to the ground.
"Thank you, but I'm afraid I'll have
to rest a little while now. I'm all right
now— don't bother — don't bother. I'm
all right. I feel kind o* sleepy — some
how — very kind — thank — " and he
closed his eyes. A surgeon was pass
ing and Grafton called him.
"He's all right." said the surgeon,
with a swift look, adding shortly, "but
he must take his turn."
geon turned to the man who was so
patiently awaiting his turn.
"Where are you hurt?"
The man pointed to his left side.
"Through?"
Over at the block house, Crittenden
stopped flrlhg suddenly, and turning to
his men shouted.
"Get back over the hill, boys; they're
going to start in again." As they ran
back, a lieutenant colonel met them.
"Are you in command?"
Crittenden saluted.
"No, sir." he said.
"Yes, sir," said the old sergeant at
his Bide. "He was. He brought these
men up the hill."
"The hell he did. Where are your
officers?"
The old sergeant motioned to the val
ley below, and Crittenden opened his
lips to explain, but Just then the sud
den imoressJon came to him that some
one had struck him from behind with
the butt of a musket, and he tried to
wheel around— his face amazed and
wondering. Then he dropped. He won
dered, too, why he couldn't get around,
and then he wondered how It was that
he happened to be falling to the earth.
Darkness came then, and through it
ran one bitter thought— he had been
shot in the back. He did think of his
mother and Judith— but It was a fleet
ing vision of both, and his main
thought was a dull wonder whether
there would be anybody to explain how
It was that his wound was not In the
front. And then, as he felt himself
lifted, it Hashed that he would at least
be found on top of the hill, and beyond
Crittenden was the first to spring to his
feet, and Abe Long and Reynolds
sprang after htm. Forward they slip
ped on their bellies, and the men be
hind saw one brown, knotty hand after
another reach up from the grass and
clip. clip, clip through the thickly
braided wires.
Forward again! The men slipped like
eels through and under the wires, and
lay in the long grass behind. The time
was come. *
•FORWARD!"
Orittenden never knew before the
thrill that blast sent through him. and
never in his life did he know it again.
It was the call of America to the
American, white and black: and race
and color forgotten, the American an
swered with the grit of the Saxon, the
Celt's pure love of a fight, and all the
dush of the passionate Gaul.
As Crittenden Iraped t«.- his fe^t. h<?
saw Reynolds leap tco. and then there
was a hissing: hell of white smoke and
crackling iron at his feet— and Rey
nolds disappeared. •
It was a marvc'. afterward but. at
that moment. Crittenden hardly noted
that the poor fellow was blown into a
hundred fragments. He was in the
front line now. A bripadier. with his
hat in his hand and his white hair
shining in the sun, ran diagonally
across in front of his line of battle,
and, with a wild cheer, the run of
d-'ath began.
God. how the bullets hissed and the
shells shrieked; and, God. how slow—
slow— slow— was the run! Crittenden's
legs were of lead, and leaden were the
l^gs of the men with him— running
with guna trailing the earth or caught
tightly across the breast and creeping
unconsciously. He saw nothing but
the men in front of him, the men who
were dropping behind him. and the yel
low line above, and the haven at the
bottom of the hill. Now and then he
could see a little, dirty, blue figure leap
into view on the hill and disappear.
Two men only were ahead of him when
he reached the foot of the hill— Sharpe
and a tall Cuban close at his side with
machete drawn— the one Cuban hero of
that fierce charge. But he could hear
labored panting behind him. and he
knew that others were coming on. God,
how steep and high that hill was! He
was gasping; for breath now, and he
was side by side with Cuban and lieu
tenant—gasping, too. To right and left
—faint cheers. To the right, a machine
gun playing like hall on the yeiiow dirt.
To his left a shell, bursting in front
of a climbing, struggling group, and the
soldiers tumbling backward and rolling
ten feet down the hill. A lull in the fir
ing—the Spaniards were running— and
then the top — the top! Sharpe sprang
over the trench, calling out to save the
wounded. A crouching Spaniard raised
his pistol, and Sharpe fell. With one
leap, Crittenden reached him with the
butt of his gun and, with savage exul
tation, he heard the skull cv the Span
iard crash.
Straight in front, the Spaniards were
running like rabbits through the brush.
To the left, Kent was charging far
around and out of sight. To the right.
Rough Riders and negroes were driv
ing Spaniards down one hill and up the
next. The negroes were as wild as at a
camp meeting or a voodoo dance. One
big sergeant strode along brandishing
in each hand a piece of his carbine that
had been shot in two by a Mauser bul
let, and shouting at the top of his voice,
contemptuously:
"Heah, somebody, gimme a gun!
Gimme a gun, I tell ye," still striding
ahead and looking never behind him.
"You don't know how to fight. Gimme
a gun!" To the negro's left, a young
lieutenant was going up the hill with
naked sword In one hand and a kodak
in the other— taking pictures as he ran.
A bare-headed boy. running between
him and a gigantic negro trooper, top
pled suddenly and fell, and another ne
gro stopped In the charge, and, with a
groan, bent over him and went no
farther.
And all the time that machine gun
was playing on the trenches like a hard
rain In summer dust. Whenever a Span
iard would leap from the trenches, he
fell headlong. That pitiless fire kept in
the trenches the Spaniards who were
found there — wretched, pathetic, half
starved little creatures— and some ter
rible deeds were done in the lust of
daughter. One gaunt fellow thrust a
clasp knife into the buttock of a sham
ming Spaniard, and, when he sprang to
his feet, blew the back of his head off.
Some of the riders chased the enemy
over the hill and lay down in the shade.
One of them pulled out a dead Span
iard's pocket cigarettes, cigars and a
lady's slipper of white satin; with a
grunt he put the slipper back. Below
the trenches, two boyish prisoners sat
under a tree, crying as though they
were broken-hearted, and a big trooper
walked up and patted them both kindly
on the head.
"Don't cry. boys; It's all right— all
right." he said, helplessly.
a • •
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
4
VIEW THE GREAT ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION FROM YOUR ARM CHAIR.
• 'J, ¦¦¦,.¦¦ = ST. LOUIS ':::,¦; ' ' ¦
[IN BEAUTIFUL COLORS 1
PRESERVE THIS SERIES TO BE BOUNdIn PORTFOLIO FORM.
Greater San Francisco's Qreatest Dally scores again with an entirely new Sunday feature. ¦:' •
By an exclusive arrangement, secured at an enormous cost. THE SUNDAY CALL will be the first to Issue the WORLD'S FAIR OFFICIAL ART SE-
RIES, reproductions In color of the grounds and buildings of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition.
The First of This Series Will Be Issued With the r
NEXT SUNDAY CALL, JANUARY 31st ==
The original of that Sunday's Art Supplement Is, the first artistic -reproduction showing the architectural beauty of the Ivory City, and is selected
as one of the best of the many views submitted, if being the object to combine in a limited series the most .Important and interesting features of the St.
Louis World's Fair. ' - ¦ • . . . ... ¦ < . . . ,., t . -
There will doubtless be an unprecedented demand for this SERIES. Nearly every one will want to preserve them to be bound in PORTFOLIO FORM
Make certain of .your getting the full", set by giving, an advance ' order. . .,..',
IIIC O>C&iLl. Ml &€ksLsL&*SJ&%Z%J Greatest Paper -
— — * — — ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ — ¦ - - -. .„„-, .1 ¦ ' • ' ' " i '_
All Train Newsboys and All Newsdealers Sell The Calltalned, "that I have not. got the, coin,
as I know equally well that you have
not sot it. Do whatever else you may.
think to be necessary or right, but I
firmly refuse to be searched. I will riot
be searched.".
"Come, come, Mr. Dean, I see no rea
son for this display of feeling. Put
yourself in my place, and you will
understand that I have no alternative.
I know beforehand that it Is a mere
formality, but 1 can make no report
unless we are both . searched,' and
searched we both must be," arid he
touched a bell. A stout-limbed mes
senger at once appeared, j and Mr. C.
bade him lock the door. When this
was done Mr. C. said:
"Morton, a valuable coin has myste
riously disappeared. To clear us from
all conceivable suspicion, I want you
to search me thoroughly, and then' you
will search this gentleman." -
"No. never," burst out. from the an
guished Dean. "I defy you to touch me.
I warn you that I shall defend myself."
But Morton was by this time busy
turning Mr. C.'s pockets inside .out,
and after an exhaustive but ~ fruitless
examination, he approached the Dean,
while Mr. C. began to replace the books
upon the table, evidently shrinking
from what could not fail to be a painful
and distressing scene. The Dean, now
white to the lips,* and with every nerve
strained to cracking, was standing with
his back to the wall," and with a voice
hoarse with emotion, he was Just be
ginning, "I tell you—," when : 'Mr. C.
uttered a loud exclamation of ", Joyful
surprise. The lost coin ;• had dropped
out of a book which had nearly slipped
out of his hand as he was putting it on
the table, and _ it < was rolling across the
floor to Morton's feet;; The book, which
was a large one, must have closed upon
it, as stiff-bound books will ; sometimes
doi and the coin Had lain hidden
among its; pages all the time. Morton
stooped, and picked Jt up. and gave.it
to Mr. C. with the words, "Is -this the
coin, sir?" . " •.
: "Yes, yes. thank you, Morton. I. am
sorry to have troubled you. .You can
go now." ¦ • ,-
He unlocked the, door and went out;
and' when he had -closed It again, -the
Dean, murmuring, "My God, my God, I
thank' thee," sank into a chair ex
hausted. 1 Mr. C. looked at' him in
silence, and stretched out. his hand
which the Dean grasped 'warmly. Then
he said:
"Forgive me, Mr. Dean, but what else
could I do?'. I am'as heartily relieved
as you can possibly be. But now that
the strain is over, may I venture to say
that." your conduct . has entirely per
plexed.me. Why.on earth,- as an'inno-,
cent man, . should . you ' have been so
madly determined not to be searched?".
. ."To be sure.'V the Dean repiied with
a weary smile. VI ought to^ explain. I
know that you did not take* me to be a
thief* But five minutes later you must
have ¦ done so, and \ I should I have had
to face the* consequences. Now • I can
show you what it was \ Impossible ¦: for
me • to j show you while j your j coin was
missing," and he took a coin out of his
pocket, and' held it out : to Mr. C. '
> '-'You and 'all' other experts were con
vinced that your coin- was' unique. You
see that I have a duplicate specimen in
my possession,' arid I came' here to-day
for • the 'express "purpose ' of comparing
it'. with yours.- What wo'uld' my position
have been ' If it had : been : . found : in- my
pocket before yours had been ' recov
ered? I shudder even to think* of ' it
It 'was" a; horrible- moment, horrible,"
and theDean mopped his brow. '
Another objection which may be
urged Is that if the parents give regu
larly they lose the great pleasure which
comes "from the child's grateful appre
ciation of what he receives unexpected
ly. However, this objection may b«
met quite easily also. At uncertain
times the parent may very properly
give additional money for exceptional
acts worthy of praise, or for work done
or for no reason whatever except the
desire to show a loving consideration of
the wishes of the child. There are
many times when every child will be
very anxious to have certain things.
which could not be purchased by what
could be saved from the regular allow,
ance. If the parent approve the pur
chase, there Is every reason for giving
a child additional at such times.
Even if these objections could not so
easily be met, most parents would
agree that the benefits to be derived
from a regular allowance are greater
than the selfish gratification of the pa
rent, who wishes to give to please him
self. Surely the welfare of the child U
of greater importance than the present
gratification of the parent.
In the hope of helping those consider
ing the matter, the writer gives the de
tails of a plan used with his own chil
dren.
Each child was provided with a pock
etbook or small bank, for the care of
which each was made entirely respon
sible, that he might' learn to guard
against the results of carelessness.
On Monday evenings a certain
amount of money was given to each
child. The effort was made to pay
promptly and systematically. Only In
this way would the children learn to be
regular and systematic.
Each one was required to save at
least one-half of his weekly allowance.
In this way It was hoped that the chil
dren might be taught habits of econo
my and of providing for the future. :
The other one-half was entirely at the
disposal of each child. This was dona
that he might learn to exercise , Judg
ment In the expenditure of money.
CT^HE P |an which most parents fol-
I low In the giving of money to
I : children is to have no system at
" JL all. While it will generally be
, acknowledged that this is not
best, yet most plans of which parents
know are so cumbersome that it seems
impossible for busy parents to' find
time to carry into practical use any
plans so complicated and requiring so
much time and thought.
Some, parents feel that no child
should be given any money at any
time. This will certainly be the easiest
way for parents; for if children know
they will never be given any money
they will not bother their parents for
It.. They will probably worry them,
however,* by their . demands for other
rewards just as often. It is just possi
ble that these rewards will be harder to
grant and less valuable than money as
an educational factor.
Against the custom of having no
method* may be .urged certain objec
tions which every, parent should
thoughtfully:- consider. It tends to
train a child to obtain desired money
by teasing 'if not. by dishonesty. It is
apt to blunt his feelings of delicacy
arid give him* the. feeling, of servility.
The. money being. received at uncertain
times is sure to be spent without
careful consideration of Its use or
value. -i Under such a plan the boy has
no reason for taking care of his money,
as he? is likely to have more at any
time. ¦ As , he ¦¦ receives it unexpectedly
he has no time to make any plans or to
arrive at any conclusions after deliber
ate , judgment. There Is no reason to
practice, self-denial, aa he may : have
niore to spend to-morrow. If he espe
cially.; desires more he ; knows he will
have a good chance to secure It by per
sistent teasing, If not by some ', worse
method. > '.'• ¦...- ~
Some -parents, wisely '.Insist that the
better way Is to make a regular allow
ance to each child, no matter how large
or'how small 'the allowance may be.
Almost every parent does : give some
money to each child. This plan simply
requires that it be given regularly and
in a business-like way. Surely such a
plan has some advantages worth con
sidering.
By giving a regular allowance the
child may be taught the right use of
money, than which few things are more
important for the child's future happi
ness. Much of the misery In this life
is the result, not so much of the lack of
money as of its improper and improvi
dent use. How many never learn to
live within their income! Kow few
early realize the Importance of laying
aside something for the Inevitable rainy
day! Is not the whole pathway of life
thickly strewn with wrecks caused by
not having learned the necessity of
spending less than the Income?
The child who knows he will have a
certain allowance will eoon develop
such practical wisdom, forethought,
economy and business Judgment as will
greatly surprise his parents^ He will be
strongly Influenced to be careful of his
money, as he will learn that it will not
be replaced until a certain time.
Teach children the right use of money
and you will have done much to make
the men and the women of the future
less liable to become loafers, paupers
and criminals. You will have done
much to teach them economy, not only
of money, but of time and of energy as
well. You will have taught them to be
thrifty and orderly in all business and
prepared for adversity. If these things
are true, Is not the subject worthy of
most careful consideration by every
parent?
The principal objection to the giving
of a regular allowance la found in the
fact that children are likely to feel that
they are given only that which is due
them. While there Is some truth in this
argument, yet It may easily be met by
having it understood that the allowance
is dependent on such conduct as the
parents have a right to expect. It may
thus be used as a strong Incentive to
proper conduct
DEAN is an undeniably respec
/ I table personage. N'o special
I I consecration fences him off
JL from the lower herd, and he is
not hampered in his utterances
•r recreations by the formidable
grandeur of a seat in the upper house;
but what with shovel hat and apron
and gaiters he might easily pass for a
Bishop, or even an Archbishop. In
deed much has yet to be written on
the ethics of dress, but that would be
an unpardonable digression here. He
is not Most, and- not quite Right, but
he is Very Reverend, and that is some
thing to live up to.
Dean B. was* a single-minded, earnest
Christian man of blameless life and
character, and widely known for his
unclouded faith and personal holiness.
He was an ardent numismatist, and
in the course of his travels in the East
he had been fortunate enough to hit
upon .a number of rare coins, his collec
tion being one of exceptional interest
He called one day at the British Mu
seum, and going to the numismatic de
partment he begged to be shown a cer
tain coin which was catalogued unique.
The keeper, Mr. C, who knew the Dean,
was courtesy itself to him, and asked
him to be seated, while he unlocked the
case and produced the coin. The Dean
took it in his hand and examined it mi
nutely with a magnifying lass, seeking
for marks which it apparently gave
him great satisfaction to find. Mr. C.
in the meanwhile turned to his papers
in order to leave the Dean undisturbed,
till, the scrutiny of the coin having been
completed, they began to converse on
different matters,, and presently the
Dean arose, and, thanking Mr. C. for
his kindness, prepared to take his leave.
"Good-by, Mr. Dean, we .ire always
glad to see you here. But," Mr. C
added, holding out his hand with a
smile, "the coin, If you please, before
you go."
"The coin? Why, I put.it on the
table some time ago, before we began
to talk."
"It must be there then," and they pro-
ceeded to look for it. The table was lit
tered with books of reference, ? which
they had been consulting some of them
open, and some shut. They turned these
over again and again, they moved them
one by one, they hunted everywhere,
but the coin had vanishea.
"What a remarkable thing!" ex
claimed the Dean. "What can have be
come of that coin? It certainlv must
be somewhere on this table," and .they
resumed their labors with Ill-repressed
anxiety added to their energy; but it
was all to no purpose; every book and
every paper was put carefully aside,
but the coin was not to be found. Mr.
C. was now looking very grave, as he
turned to his euest.
"Mr. Dean, I need hardly tell you
that this has become most serious for
us both, and it cannot rest here. I am
responsible to the nation for the safe
custody of this coin, and — "
"But," urged the unhappy Dean In
plaintive despair, "I solemnly declare to
you that I placed it on the table. I
placed it there with my own hand. I
distinctly remember having done so.
You surely cannot doubt my word?"
"No, Mr. Dean, it Is not for me to
accept or dispute your statement- My
business is to restore the coin to its
place, and where is it now?"
"God in Heaven only knows, for I
don't." and the words were not used
as they sometimes are in anger or im
patience, but with all the pathetic
pleading of a heart- wrung prayer.
Mr. C. glanced once more at the table,
the books, and the papers, he scanned
the floor, he lifted up the fender, he
looked In every possible and impossible
place, and then he faced the poor Dean.
"There is nothing else for it .The
coin is missing. Only you and I have
handled it, and no else has been pres
ent. I am deeply grieved, Mr. Dean,
but we must both be searched."
To his surprise, the Dean, who was
very pale and agitated, drew himself
up to his Cull height and protested that
no consideration would induce him to
submit to such an indignity.
"You know perfectly well, he maln-
CHILDREN'S USE OF MONEY
Sixteenth Talk to Parents by Win. J. Shearer.
By Rev. G. W. SKene.
THE DEAN amid THE COIN
The true idealist echoes Sir Wa' .
Scott's description of love:
It is the secret sympathy.
The sliver link, the silken tie.
¦\Yhleh heart to heart and mind to mind
In body and in soul can bind.
A mother who from fear of losing her
daughter never speaks to her of love
is far more likely to see her waste her
ful mirage effects off the north coast of
Ireland I called a. girl's attention to the
wondrous hills, lakes, and even castle
towers pictured in the sky. "Oh, I can't
see any of these things," was the curt
reply, "there must be something wrong
with your eyes to picture them." How
ever, it, might have been maintained
IN this encyclopedic ape we con
gratulate ourselves in having with
in reach Information en every con
ceivable subject. Hardly is such a
word as mirage broached than its defin
ition is found to be: "an intermediate
stratum between a cold jrround stratum
and a warm upper stratum, giving rise
to more than one image inverted or
erect or both according to positions."
Dull as such a description may sound
at first sight, it is deeply interesting
when regarded as illustrative of the
ideal of marriage.
Is not the ideal of marriage inverted
or erect, according to the position of
the person viewing it? Topsy-turvy
is indeed the presentment seen by most
people of this possible era of their life.
Surely this picture of far-reaching
fresh interest Is worth seeing from a
proper point of view. Money, position,
family, rank, mostly seem to ba the
standpoints for viewing such a serious
matter. Is it then a wonder that the
Image Is inverted? and that the cold
atmosphere of the v.orld fails to reflect
the visions of ardent imagination?
Although, as a clergyman rightly re
marked to me one day. a wedding is one
of the most interesting things there is,
and in a village no one seems too old
or too busy to go if possible and see the
ceremony, marriage from an abstract
point of view has not yet been put in
Its proper position.
Such superior men as Shakespeare,
Sir Walter Scott, Horace, Beethoven.
Swedenborg and Tennyson have all
tried to give the world prints from the
photographs made in the light of their
own ideal, but the world is ept to look
upon these truths as the rhapsodies of
romantic minds not fitting for ordinary
life — It is well that they cannot be said
to be the mere sentiments of women.
No, the true ideal of marriage has not
been based upon any evanescent femi
nine fancy, but it has been founded
on the great doctrine of reciprocity
taught by Confucius. Without reciproc
ity where is morality? Well may
Shakespeare say: "From loveless mar
riage base adultery springs," for where,
as the Chinese philosopher taught, is
the logic of a relation in which the two
factors are wanting in an essential
quality?
Society mothers often regard the
prospect of a daughter's marriage
merely as a means for her obtaining
exhaustive chiffons and an establish
ment of her own. Is it astonishing that
puch an inverted ideal of happiness
fades as the pleasure of mere luxury
palls? Where is the reciprocity in such
a relation?
Many mothers incline to the belief
that their girls never ponder on what
might be the bliss of having a home in
the heart of another. To hear such
peopie speak one would suppose that
the era of romance and poetry had
closed at their own marriage, and the
feeling of love, or as Amiel, the charm
ing French writer, expressed it, the
feeling of the want to love (le besoin
d'aimer) became extinct in the race at
their own wedding. "Does Elsie ever
epeak to you of marriage?" I asked a
mother, thinking her lS-year-old
daughter might have talked to her of
the idea. "Oh. dear no, of course not,"
¦was the decided reply. "She has no
sentiment, she is quite contented with
her hockey and her golf." And yet that
same girl came into the room a few
days later sparkling and blushing be
cause a friend had assumed that her
brother's photograph found in her vio
lin case was that af an "admirer."
Far be it from me to think that girls'
their Invitations to dinners and so
called "At Homes," but where all
homelike surroundings are conspicuous
by their absence, where Is the friendli
ness that makes a young man feel wel
come at the hearth during the Ions
evenings when cheerless rooms or for
mal clubs are the only alternatives to
music-halls and other places of amuse
ment? Nature shut out of the door
comes in at the window, and debarred
from the society of their equals, do not
men often consort with girls of another
platform of thought, feeling and edu
cation, who become the mothers of the
grandchildren of those who ignored
any possible ideal of their sbns?
In the Earl of Russell's cause celebre
one note of pathos was sounded: when
the young nobleman was asked why he
had taken such an unsuitable wife, he
said that had he been Imbued with any
idea of the seriousness of marriage he
never would have entered Into It In the
thoughtless way he h: !.
Albeit the most important of all steps,
how often Is the idea of marriage treat
ed merely as a mirage to fade like a re
flection In the sky, instead of being the
forecast of a true happiness, the ful
fillment of the ideal!
It has been said the reason why so
few marriages are happy Is "because
women spend their time in making net*
not cages." Would that women would
give half the time and care to the cul
tivation of their intellects they do
to the adornment of their persons!
Then one would not hear earnest men
say: "Life is too serious for me to
think of marriage. How could my
ideals of life be carried out with a
frivolous woman?" What condemna
tion for the vapidity of women lurks
in such words!
"A congenial complementary spirit
strong where I am weak, and weak
where I am strong, was once my Ideal."
says another man, "but, alas! that Ideal
has faded like the sunset in the sum
mer sky."
Cynicism leads us, we know, to de
spair, and a marriage of commonplace
love (alltagsliebe) is often the fate of
one who ceases to bell-ve In the ideal
miraged in his imagination. But as
the laws of life must be fulfilled they
often learn too late the truth Involved
in the ideal.
"True love, the gift which God has
given to man alone beneath the
heaven," wrote Sir Walter Scott, and
as he also taught the eternal quality
of this great gift we can hope that
there is still eternity In which to realize
it. When one sees the Joy of house
holds where the real union of souls ia
accomplished, one wishes that girls
would fit themselves more for such a
happy lot, instead of frittering all their
days in hockey, golf and other games.
Exercise for the body is of course
necessary, but not at the expense oC
the brains which stultr in Idleness.
When the mirage of a happy marriage
appears on the horizon of the heart,
cannot a girl be intelligently told that
It is an Ideal placed by the Creator in
the mind of man to cheer him In life's
dreary desert with the thought of ihe
refreshment awaiting him in the oasis
of companionship if he be "but qualified
to find it?
But as a limb withers if never used,
the mind loses its alertness when n.*t
exercised, and If men stamp out all *.he
poetry of their nature, and women
Ignore all the powers of their intellects,
they fail to focus the object of their
past Ideal of being, even when It may
be In sight.
"Life," as Tolstoy says, "has no Joy
to a rational being if he do not know
Its meaning," and "true happiness In
volves the sense of the ideal"— seen In
the mirage of marriage.
feeling 1 on a false quest than if she had
Implied the girl with an ideal too high
tobe satisfied by the first aspirant.
* "Do you 'think: there is such a thing
as true-love?" said a young girl to me
one day. "Mamma says there Is not,
so If ever I come across a handsome
rich man who likes me, I shall be quite
contented to marry him."
Truly -the finder In the "camera" of
that girl's heart was out of gear. How
could she focus any true view of life
In such a spirit? As Pin'dar wrote: "It
is duty to harbor goodly hope"; and as
an Elizabethan poet said: "Love is the
only line which leadeth men to the
fount of wisdom.". /
Is it not moreover as depressing to
ftnd ; no sympathy in the great truths
of the soul, as it is chilling to have no
sharer in the beautiful sights of the
eye?:^'{. • ;/ ; : •¦¦¦ ¦
" Enraptured one day with the beauti-
that far from the vision being phantas
magorlcal It was probably only the re
flection of a real landscape in the far
distance. When the ideal is felt to be
but the reflection of the real, the right
resolution of the chord of life will not
be so rare. 1
Napoleon we are told, spent many
months in the study of novels, as he
hoped to arrive at some stratum of
judgment on marriage, which his great
organizing spirit saw was such an im
portant factor for good or evil in the
campaign of life.
How short-sighted are parents who
Ignore this importance!
"My son will never marry," one hears
a selfish mother say, "for he has me
to take care of." So fearing to face the
reproaches of his parent the son mar
ries secretly one totally— unfitted to be
the companion of his life and the
mother of his children, when a little
timely help and sympathy in such an
Important step might have ensured a
congenial marriage. "Would not a par
. ent's care and thought often prevent a
young man taking "trash for treasure,"
to the discord instead of the harmony
of life?
We all know that when met by the
unjust conditions of Rome, Caesar
boldly crossed the Rubicon which lay
between his forces and Italy proper,
and at the head of his faithful ple
beians he then waged long and severe
warfare against the patricians. May it
not be as well to recollect that when a
proper course is not given to the con
sideration of the important matter of
marriage, the Rubicon of convention
ality Is often recklessly crossed and a
"long warfare ensues between the par
ents set at defiance, and the son who
feels that he has been robbed of a
proper position in the : :nate of his
own life?
It is one of the saddest of life's ironies
that marriage, planned by the Creator
(whose most beautiful name is Love) to
be the joy-giving union of two comple
mentary developed spirits. Is so often a
failure. But would not failure meet
any union contracted in such a hap
hazard way as marriage often is?
What would be thought of a commer
cial partnership formed with little or
no understanding of the qualities and
needs of both parties?
And how can "the true marriage that
gives to each the strength of two be
the result of unions contracted merely
with, a view to concomitant social ad
vantage?" wrote Mrs. Fitz-Gerald.
Those who marry with such poor
ideals doubtless attain their end, but
is the end noble enough to beautify life,
and make it one happy spring-time of
ever-fresh joy and companionship?
"Love is man's grand opportunity,"
said a great writer, and as love is the
joy of human life, so marriage is its
coping-stone. Matchmaking is indeed
the last course to be commended, but if
Love Is man's (and of course man in
cludes woman) grand opportunity,
should not more chance be given by
the heads of families for their children
to have this opportunity? No parent
expects a son to succeed In a profes
sion, however great his talent may bj,
without seeing those occupied In th.'C
profession, and yet a young man la
supposed to take a good position matri
monially with no means of consorting
with really congenial girls who would
prove fitting helpmeets.
"True sympathy starts from a true
Intuition," but are not opportunities re
quired to test this sympathy, or the
Brummagen may be taken for the real?
Should we see so many unmarried
daughters and should we hear of so
many young men declassed by mar
riages out of their social spheres were
the English homes less stiff and inac
cessible? Famed are the English for
heads should be filled too early with
ideas of a possible husband, but the
fact must be faced that "nature abhors
a vacuum," and If no Ideal be placed
in the empty frame o£ the fancy-free,
it is liable to be filled with the false
representations of any ignorant girl or
woman with whom she comes In con
tact, and she Is thus liable to fall down
and worship the first image that pre
sents itself. Who has not seen a girl
fall captive to the wiles of her- music
master? She is shy of telling her par
ents of the charm the man has for her,
she becomes enslaved to her fancy, and
while the mother Is still boasting of
her daughter being impervious to the
attractions of the other sex, her heart
is taken captive, and it is only after
marriage that the clay feet of her Idol
are discovered.
In this gymnastic age, professors in a
more athletic art are sometimes the at-?
traction, and I heard this week of a
girl's devotion to her fencing master,
who Is anything but an eligible person.
By no means do I wish to say that
either a music, a fencing, or any other
master need be ineligible as a husband,
but if ineligible, they have great oppor
tunities for gaining an Influence over
the inexperienced. I would, therefore,
only remind mothers that their daugh
ters are, even as they were, on the
quest of the ideal, and if .their con
fidences are encouraged instead of
snubbed, they will learn to distinguish
between a true and an Inverted ideal.
Let, then, the first fruits of 'the imagin
ation ripen in the sunshine of sympathy
instead of rotting In the chill of silence.
Certainly many married couples do
not represent the "Ewige Geliebte," de
scribed by Beethoven, but inverted as
the image may be in many cases, it
does not prevent the existence of the
ideal.
The image of his father's ship was,
¦we hear, inverted in the mirage seen
by Captain Scoresby in his expedition
off the coast of Greenland, but it proved
to be truly the reflection of the ship
in which his father was drifting An de
spair, and the tight of the reflection
led to the sailor being found.
Distorted the ideal may be by the
clouds and false ideas of life, but this
does not nullify the reality of the ideal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
THE MIRAGE OF MARRIAGE
5other about Beatrice which mad* hav
ever so awfully Jovabla. He Clint
know himself exactly what It wu, but
it was. and that was all ha ne«d*d to
know.
Well, to get to the point, Abner saved
his money until he. waa strong «nou«a
to go Into business for himself. And
as he calculated that there was more
room for a new store in New York City
than there was in Hazel Green, ha
pulled up stakes and made for the biff
town.
It was agreed between him and Bea
trice that as soon as hi cot every thing
in tip-top shape he would wire her to
come on and they would "be married In
Grace Church, so that there would be
a big piece in the papers about It.
For the first few weeks New York
City was just about all Abner could
stand. He worked In his store from
daylight till dark, and spent the even
ings In his room writing wishy-washy
slush-gush-mush to the mainspring of
his heart. He was weak from home
sickness and cotild not retain anything
more nourishing than a cabinet photo
of Beatrice.
When Abner got things the way he
wanted them, he decided to rush down
to the telegraph office and concentrate
the .glad tidings into ten words. Not
having seen the main street during
daylight he chose to foot it.
As he Stepped into the thoroughfare
and got his first glance at the smartly
attired damsels he almost lost _^ his
breath. Before he had covered the first
block he was almost willing to admit
that some of them were as pretty as
Beatrice. Before he had , gone two
blocks he was sure that they were, and
when he finally reached the tick-tlck
ery he wrote the following message:
"Miss Beatrice Souders, Hazel Green:
"Never mind. Don't come.
-'.' V : "ABNER."
Moral— Never pick a life-companion
until you have seen a full line of sam
ples.
having.. That girl's name was Beatrice.
Of course," he was willing to admit that
there .were other, nice young ladles, but
somehow there was a something or
:, To Abner's way of thinking there was
but one girl in all the world who was
perfectly beautiful and really worth
; On her father's side Beatrice was re
lated to the Souderses. who owned the
Cypressylew plantation in Henderson
County, until the bank foreclosed the
mortgage. So it can readily be seen
that her connections were of the very'
best/ . : .
Abner was a very valuable man to his
firm. A whole lot of folks said It
wouldn't surprise them at all to see
Philpott, Hargis & Snodgrass go to the
wall if he ever. took the notion into his
head to quit them. But they argued
that he. wouldn't do that, for he had
been with them ever since Wllse Gilma
not shot Colonel Jett Cockrill, and they
always gave him a ten dollar gold piece
for Christmas and let him have what
ever he wanted out of the stock at ac
tual cost. Furthermore, when he was
taken down with slow fever and did not
round-to for a whole month, his salary
went on Just the same as if he had
earned it, which was mighty kind £of
Philpott, Hargis & Snodgrass, insomuch
a3 they paid him a corking big sum —
sixty dollars a month.
As might naturally be supposed, Ab
ner in time fell in love. Beatrice Sou
ders was her name. Beatrice was a
most. adorable girl, of a religious turn
of mind and an excellent family. '
Her mother, will be recalled as Leonile
Ganibrill, a one-time belle of the coun
ty, and granddaughter of Major Lige
Gambrill.'who ran for Governor on the
Prohibition ticket and was defeated by
fraud. . , . * X
ter, except during the Saturday rush,
when. . of course, it was simply out of
the question for Abner to wait on
every one, even though they did want
him to.
and throw them together in words that
burned— or would have if there had
been such a thing as justice in the land.
She was the author of that highly In
teresting and widely popular work,
"Some Paupers I Have Helped," and
"How the Other Half Gives" was a
contribution from her gifted pen on
the economic and sociological impor-,
tance of charitable euchres. But she
was never so much in her element. as
when she was balancing herself care
fully on a three-legged chair in a tene
ment boudoir and imparting useful in
formation to a Yiddish mother on the
impropriety of children exercising vio
lently for at least two hours after eat
ing, or the awful moral and social con
sequences . involved in the practice of
the gentle art commonly known a3
"rushing the growler." The 'fact that
the mother aforesaid had a fluent mas
tery of between eight and nine Eng
lish words was no barrier to Mrs. Help
inghand's activity.
The saloon evil was the theme on
which she waxed particularly strong.
No one could excel her in pointing out
to the humble workingman how much
more desirable it was to spend his even
ings, up to and Including his Sundays,
in his cozy t\yo-room apartments in
the bosom of His family of eight chil
dren than to waste; his substance in
riotous living at 5 cents per riot In some
gilded palace., of sin where the beer
dieth not and the llmburger is not
quenched. . If diversion is desired, she
would say, what could be. better than
a little visit to the branch of the Blb
liotheque de. Carnegie Just around the
corner, where a copy of the North
American Review was always on' tap
for those who wished to brush up a lit
tle on. the status of the latest Panama
canal treaty or were thirsting for Infor
mation on the sociological significance
of William Watson.' For those who de
sired more ¦ . frivolous ' literature . there
- Abner was head clerk in the general
store ; run by .Philpott, Hargis & ; Snod
grass, • and 'was so ' popular . with 'every
body; that .the other- clerk- really had
nothing to do', but sweep ' out . the . store,
trim ' the _ lamps, wipe^ mold •- off the
shoes and 'keep 'the" dust off the coun-
Abner was what women of maturity,
with daughters to spare, call a perfect
ly grand person. That is, he had set
ways, .worked , like a dog for a living,
saved his wages, taught a-Blble class,
sang in the choir, chipped in whenever
the foreign mission basket was passed
around and did not use cuss words or
tobacco or listen to the men tell
naughty stories.
To reduce.it to a showdown, Abner
was an out-and-out virgin. Fact is, he
was; just the dearest, darlingest, gen
tlemanliest young gentleman that could
possibly' be imagined. ;
While Abner was perfectly, good and
pure, he was not. the. least bit narrow
minded or unreasonable. Not at all so.
He. simply believed in drawing the line
at the proper place. ' That was all.
Although he was bitterly opposed to
round dances,' he hadn't the slightest
objection to a quadrille. And; while he
felt in his heart that it was exceedingly
wicked to play enchre, he w .Just that
liberal-minded that ¦ he did not disap
prove of a game of smut if It was not
allowed to last one minute after 12,
if played, on Saturday night. ; Neither
did he object to home-made blackberry,
cordial, ¦ but, - of * course, he knew that
It was a great sin to even taste bought
liquor, bo he , never did. He. \ knew
that -it was .wrong, to raffle things off
in. stores, or saloons, but he was broad
enough; to take a chance on a piece J of
fancy work if the* entire proceeds went
to the church^ V. , .•...
ONCE upon a time there lived in
the town of Hazel Green, which
.Is the metropolis of Rowan Coun
* ty, a fledgling of the name of Ab
ner Tuthill.
(Copyright, 1903, by Steve Floyd, N. T.)
The old theory that people usually
dislike the things that are supposed 'to
be good for them never had a better il
lustration than in the case of . Mrs.
Helpinghand. If the extent to, which a
thing Is * disliked and - - consistently
avoided Is anv indication of its degree
of goodness, she had all the agencies
for the betterment .of i the human • race
beaten out at the start. Whenever 'she
hove in sight > at the ..end of the \ block
there was a general dispersion of the
population, . comparable bnlv . with t the
effect of an anriouijeement ?of: a*re
quired In bathing in; a; ten-cent
lodging-house. \ If she had; been ~a.\ man
she would probably have been dropped
gently but. firmly off .-the fire escape at
or about the fourth story , : but being a
was always August Comte or the
rather late but ever delightful Jona
than Edwards.
If she could manage to lay alongside
a young lady in her teens with ad
vanced views on the engrossing sub
ject of shirt waists or a'foot that need
ed exercise with a musical accompani
ment, this tireless renovator , of the
universe would suggest a. course in
sewing lessons or a round or two with
Delsarte. Nor did the small boys es
cape her eagle eye and fostering care.
The long range cigarette and the craps
that cheer but do not alleviate were
her, pet particular abominations, and
in her most effective manner she
would remove the I d . and reveal" to the
Juvenile sinner the depths of the awful
abyss over which he was hovering. In
stead of "Deadeye Dick, the Bully os
the Bronx,", she would recommend a
handsomely bound copy of "The Hero
ism of Harry,", a true story of a poor
but honest newsboy, who supported his
mother and three small brothers and
put his bis sister through 'college- by
writing stories for the magazines after
his day's work was done. By these
means she confidently : expected, to
snatch the brand from the burning be
fore* it had fairly begun to smoke— or
drink. ¦:v-:'<> ¦'- . ¦•..',•¦.;,;;
JL V RS. HELFINGHAND was
I \/| strong on the uplifting of the
t I oppressed and the downtrod-
X den. She was firmly con
vinced that her .mission in
life was to go about doing good—gen
esally to people who wanted to be let
alone. She was president of the So
ciety for the Suppression of Self-re
spect in the Tenement and was a direc
tor of the Anti-Sunday Growler Asso
ciation and the Woman's Leajrue for
the Dissemination of Religious and
Scientific Literature Among the Indi
gent—and generally Indignant She
was in great demand at charitable con
ventions and meetings for the discus
sion of ways and means to impress the
poor with the degradation of their con
dition and the creat benevolence of
those who were spending time and
money to UDlift them. '
The factihat Mrs. Xfelpinghand had
a husband and a son at the place which
che sometimes called home had very
little to do with her actions. A new
day had dawiied for women, she loud
ly declared, and the man who thought
that it was her lot in life to ply the
darning needle or stand at the throttle
of the kitchen range was likely to wake
up tome day and ring down the cur
tain on his imitation of Kip Van Win
kle. The new mission of woman, as
Ehe saw it, was to geek out suffering
and relieve it If suffering didn't want
to be relieved the angel of mercy in
attendance on the case should be em-
to call in a policeman to hold
it while the relief was poured down
its throat. If there was nothing doing
in the suffering line at first there was
likely to be plenty very soon after Mrs.
Helpinghand hove in sight.
In addition to her. other duties this
tireless helper found time occasionally
to sort out a few combustible thoughts
THE LOVER WHO SULKED
[By Billy Burgundy*
(Copyright;? 1903, by "Albert" Britt)
It has been intimated above that she
was a more or less proud parent of a
limited edition of humanity in the
shape of a son. When she started out
on her devastating career of dredging
the depths of poverty and vice along
the Bowery she had turned her tender
offspring over to a select school for the
Instruction of the unfortunate scions
of bullionocracy. It was her theory
that a boy who had the good Judgment
to. select the right kind of parents
couldn't possibly fly. the track or get
his signals mixed. Imagine her pained
surprise, therefore, on her. return from
one of her, periodical excursions into
the murky depths of ' East Houston
street ; to learn , that her son hafl cov
ered himself with glory and large black
and blue spots as the leader of a gang
of amateur bandits who had held up a
candy store at the combined muzzles
of ,a Flobert rifle and an Iron dumb
bell and had lifted $3 37 but of the
cash drawer. It was her sad fate to
learn that while she was engaged in
saving the heathen on "the other side of
town, i her son had been ' acquiring a
large library of carefully, selected yel
low-backs, subsisting meanwhile o'n a
hearty, diet of cigarettes and stale beer.
The-boy's father/ figured prominently
in the personal property . tax list, so » it
was conclusively proved that the crime
had been committed by a gang of East
Side /toughs, (but .Mrs. Helplnghand's
philanthropic . motives • : had , received
their deathblow. -/. She had demonstrat
ed to -her, own; satisfaction " : , that while
a. thankless child is something near as
sharp as a , serpent's tooth, the condi
tion is sadly aggravated when the .par
ent .has contributed , materially/ to' the
sharpening process. ¦ She had . learned,
also, ithat .while charity, may begin; at
home, it often : requires special,watch
fulness^ to * keep i it;! there. \ • :'¦'."/ •_".• '" "."'¦
woman she was permitted to continue
on her devastating career, unharmed.
This fact may give "a -hint as to the
correct explanation of the well-known
fact that so many social reformers are
old women. But we must hasten on to
the end of Mrs. Helpinghand's exciting
career lest some one break it off before
we get there.
By Nicholas Nemo
THE SLUMP OF A SLUMMER
The second reason rand it is a very
grave one) for the general discourtesy
between the sexes, is the springing up
in our midst of a class of women,- al
ways married, usually middle-ag-ed,
who refuse. to. grow old gracefully and
decently, and whose manners may be
described as carneying or fascinating,
according to taste, but who will submit
to any sort of treatment, brutality
even, rather than let go of men who
The woman who." looking back on a
successful career that has had no love
in «t, counts herself happy, is not a
woman at all. but a freak of nature, in
which something warm and human has
by accident been left out, rendering her
frustrate and incomplete.
There is. of course, a certain minority
of women who honestly do not wish
to marry, and mistrust all men, but
again the question arises, have men
sufficiently tried to overcome their
prejudices, and do they not unduly (lat
ter themselves on their brain and will
power to live happily in a celibate
state?
round: thus a vast surplus of women
have no chance of marriage and moth
erhood, which is the state for which •
they were born, nature having em- ,
phatically laid down the law that for
every Jill there .should be a Jack, and '
so a chance of happiness afforded her.
Nothing tames and sweetens a wo-_
man like love; to be wooed, to be com- \
panioned, to know herself first with
one human being is th»? supreme joy.
and though the woman without a lover
may not be actually conscious of Ihis
want, will even fiercely deny it3 exist
ence, still it is thero. embittering itvA
hardening her, till at last her speech,
and gait correspond with the defiant,
starved heart within her. Let th»? right
man take the ajrsrcssive toward .
the most self-wilkc', the most'
self-contained worr.si!i of them
all. and teach her love, and she
will soften hour by hour before his
eyes; love gives humility, endows with
charm, her manner. Informed ty her
heart, become? gentk— ihis> is the type
of woman who treats man a3 an ene
my because she secretly warts him as
a lover, whereas the born old maid re
mains neutral and tepid all her life
long, neither to be sweetened nor
Boured by man. since he does not enter
into her Bcheino of existence.
Briefly them, what is the reason of
this falling off in good breeding in both
women and men?
There are three reasons— of which
this is the first and most Important,
that there are not enough men to go
If you happen en a dewy-soft, mod
est, sv.ect little face, you may be pretty
cure that it came straight from the
country, and will shortly return there,
for it is only in town that I affirm this
rarity of beauty— the place where free
dom of gait and thought is carried to
such lengths that "I care for nobody
no. not I, And nobody cares for me,"
may well appear to be the guiding mot
to of women. Men complain that when
they offer some such slight act of cour
tesy to women as grandpa and even
father offered as a matter of course,
they do not receive one word of thanks
or acknowledgment, consequently the
pretty-mannered women (and they are
yet to be found) have to suffer for the
.rudeness of their sisters — and are
tarred with the same brush of man's
disgust.
On the one hand you hear bitter com
plaints of decline in men's manners; on
the other, men talk contemptuously of
th* change for the worse in wompn's;
yet. when all is said and done, it is the
mistress or the daughter of the house
>vho gives the tone to the manners of
the men who live in or visit it. Where
the women are careless, immodest, ill
bred, mocking at all the gracious amen
ities and restraints of social and family
life, there will be found men only too
willing to let themselves go on in their
company, gladly discarding those re
straints that formerly hid their seamy
Eide, as much from themselves as from
others. Thus a moral support of incal
culable value is withdrawn, for to leave
off one's manners is equivalent to never
changing one's clothes at the proper
times, ar.d just as a slovenly negligence
of the person inevitably degrades and
undermines it, so does a careless bear
ing tend to similar conduct, and rapid
deterioration of character.
IS the decay ot pretty manners in
women nowadays, to put it plainly,
to be found in the absence of pretti
ncss in the women themselves? The
streets are filled with fine, athletic
girls, but the pretty little girl, with her
Emile, her blush, her little foot and
hand, her gracious "ways," her thanks
for some small service rendered, where
is she?
She has vanished from the highways
of the world, or it would seem that at
her first fluttering essay into the open,
she has boen pounced on. and hidden
away by greedy man for his own secret
joy and pride, himself a willing slave to
those winning arts that eo much more
appeal to his heart than the mannish
habits, th? cool insolence of the over
emancipated, over-athletic girls of to
day.
For the dismal fact remains that as
the health and growth of the female
race advances, beauty recedes, be
comes almost a lost quantity, as you
may easily ascertain by going on foot
for several successive days through the
West End of London, passing In review
the thousands of women driving, mo
toring, cycling, and on foot.
If during those days you see in all
half a dozen faces that fulfill your idea
of beauty in form, coloring and expres
sion, you are fortunate, but the
chances, one might almost say, the cer
tainties are, that you will meet miles of
tall, aggressive, striding lasses who
contemptuously shoulder you out of
their way, returning you cold glance for
glance, or crowds of carefully made-up
middle-aged women, whose attempts to
attract your admiration are even more
disagreeable than the total indifference
to your good or bad opinion displayed
by the "grenadiers" of the sex.
I do not say that such women are
met everywhere — there are vast tracts
of English. society into which they have
never penetrated, but that they exist
as a type is painfully well known to
many, a fresh young girl, who sees her
bit of pleasure filched from her by
those who, having eaten their cake, are
determined to have it also.
It is a misfortune, I know, to feel
take them about, amuse them, pay for
their menus plaisers, and give them
generally what they call "a good time"
— and at what a price!
Men arc not good., at; classification,
have not time to differentiate between
women and women, thus the pure
women are made to suffer for the fast,
the flighty, the ridiculous, and can only
withdraw into themselves, standing
apart from those who enjoy the pleas
ures flung to them by man's contempt
uous hand, having indeed no taste for
a familiarity that strikes at the very
root of their self-respect and womanli
ness.
There is something revolting in the
sight of clean, fresh-faced boys danc
ing attendance on women whose sons
are %t the same age as themselves —
youth to youth— age to age — dignity to
the meridian of life, and the ripe charm
that experience gives, thus should it be
now, as It has in the past.
I is a hard saying, but it seems to me
that with our own dear mothers of the
last generation we buried all that are
left of the old-fashioned pattern, and
that until the present day women ini
tiate a vast forward movement _lo a
change in manner toward men so long
will men fail In theirs toward. the other
sex. The remedy lies iri^the women's
own hands — where shall they make a
beginning? , 'i; .* .
. From time immemorial they have
been the bulwark of the^country, whose
importance as rearers of sons and
daughters is more vital, more Impor
tant to the state than the statesmen
.themselves and without whom (should
they become universally corrupt) Eng
land must go to pieces, inevitably de
stroyed like other great nations, from
within.
For to keep the home together, to
look properly after husband and chil
dren, fulfilling daily a thousand acta of
duty that no cne else can, that is the
work for which woman was born, and
in the main -it is very strenuous work,
engaging every faculty of heart and
brain, and . not all the J successes of
¦women who usurp men's places and
. professions will leave the mark on pos
terity that this one, by the bringing up
of her sons, the molding of her hus
band, will.
There is a third reason for the decay
in courtesy between men and women—
and perhaps it is the saddest and moat
menacing to all our womanhood (be
ing as it is almost a direct result of the
r two reasons I have given above). It Is
when a qertain type of girl realizes
that in addition to the scarcity of men
her chances of marriage are still fur-
young Inside and be old out. but /there
are other ways of working off this
vitality than by aping Ninon de I*En
clos' airs, and is not the antagonistic
attitude of daughters to mothers now
adays,' often due to the total lack of
dignity with which these mothers be
have? #
at home, and to spare. Let her then,
with her sisters, turn over a new leaf-—
the grandmothers discard their vrigm
and capering foolishnesses, the married
women who cannot live without admir
ation turn to the' cultivation of their
homes, the girls who are contemptu
ously allowed to share men's pleasure*
emigrate, and become honest wives of
honeit men; then, though there must
still remain a vast amount of bus oring.
Incomplete womanhood, we may . look
for a'return of those pretty mannars In
women that men secretly cherish so
deeply, and to meet which their.hom
age, so Ions forgotten.' will Inevitably,
spring again. HELEX lliTHEBS.
If a man of breeding (and though some
female members of the -aristocracy set
the worst examples of all. their men
who despise them, never show It) he
will keep silence, and only by his avoid
ance of women show his contempt for
them, but the harshest misogynist of
them all may have all the harm light
women have done him undone by a sin
gle good one, and if he go sufficiently
far afield he can still find her.
For as surely as violets hide under
their green leaves, and come back year
by year to rejoi'ce our hearts, so surely
do good, pretty and charming girls lurk
in this island of ours, only awaiting tha
resolute seeker, breathing that atmos
phere of womaliness, of charm, natural
to them as the perfume is to the violet,
being the emanation of physical, moral
and mental health. From them you
will get the old fashioned, pretty man
ner that answered so much better with
our mothers and grandmothers, that
•answered so much better (in the mat
ter of lovers) than the rude, the car
neying and the so-called fascinating
one of to-day.
Roughly, then, we may divide women
into two classes nowadays, those who
use violent, and meretricious means to
attract men for mercenary purposes,
and women who deliberately revolt men
by their aggressively rude manners,
claiming not only an equal status, but
an actual super!arity over them in phy
sique, brains and position, so that one
might suppose their aim to be a race
of brainy Amazons, placing pigmy man
behind them for protection and patron
age.
That women must work Is one of tha
sad conditions of their overpowering
numbers; it may also be taken as
granted that no woman llk.es Ions and
sustained effort, for which, as fashioned
by nature, she is eminently unfitted;
still she can do that work quietly If she
pleases, and there is no need to'antag
onize by her^attltude the only legiti
mate worker In the open market that
God and nature ever Intended— man. . |
As I said before, work she has enough
ther reduced by the depredations
older women, and too often she be
comes a free lance, picking up eagerly
a bit of pleasure here and there and
gradually cheapening herself to the res
taurant or the theater, the smoke and
the whisky-and-soda girl, who no more
exacts fine manners from man than ha
expects them- of her. Probably there is
no real vice in her, but knowing that
there is no fun possible to her without
a man to take her about, she drifts Into
a false position, and sometimes, very
rarely, is married by a man whose rep
utation is as off-color as her own. For
men worth having decline to mVrry the
girls who place their good looks, their
charm, their agreeable company at the
disposal uf chance comrades. As a rule
a man marries because he wants some
particulai -woman all to himself, but is
it to be wondered at that between his
disgust at grandmothers, who ape the
manners of girls of 16, and contempt for
the facile girls who will go anywhere,
do anything he pleases, a man's
own manners and self-restraint deterio
rate, and he decides not to marry at
all?
With the whole dessert, laid on th»
table before him. he reckons that h«
would be a fool to sit down for the rest
of his life with an especial fruit or diet,
and. often disgusted I with the profu
sion, he turns his back on the banquet
and will have none of it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIT.
ON THE DECAY OF PRETTY MANNERS IN WOMEN
6Franz Josef, Keystone
of Empire.
Mies Bcnner's novel, "To-morrow's
Tangle," is the best story of California
since Norris wrote "The Octopus." It
is good because it touches upon an as
pect of early California life which has
never been developed, the raw, unlovely
aristocracy cf the bonanza kings which
held sway twenty-five years ago. This
unique class of American society, with
its open display of wealth and Its close
ly housed family skeletons, has now en
tirely passed away and only the great
brown stone palaces remain as me
mentoes of Its gilded existence. Miss
Bonner has wisely woven a story out
cf these tinsel threads which reflects
a perfect image of the life that was
here with the Mackays, the Floods and
the Fairs.
The author opens her story with a
dramatic episode upon the Utah desert.
A Mormon with his two wives Is
crawling over the limitless plains of
sand to golden California when a death
end a birth come with startling sudden
ness to that stricken wag-on. Then the
Mormon trades his enfeebled wife with
her new-born babe for a pair of fresh
horses and passes on down the moun
tains and out of the story temporarily.
That introduction of Mist Bonner's is
somewhat daring, bu*t altogether force
ful and of clever invention.
The body of the Btory deals wltL the
life of this child of the Utah desert
gTown into a handsome woman and
thrown u 4 -n her own resources by the
death of those who had reared her. The
fe-1. Mariposa, learns that one of the
millionaire kings of the crested society
of San Francisco is the father who had
traded herself and her mother for a
pair of horses back in her infancy. This
unpleasant fact forms the rainspring
cf the s.ory. ' i- ".'""-.
The character of Mariposa. the blg
llmbetl, full-blooded ' California girl
with spirit and independence a-plenty,
is excellently drawn. Mits Bonner
gives her heroine the spirit of an Ama
zon. She creates a -character, uncon
ventional, spirited, engaging, naive. The
best thing about Mariposa Is that she
Beerns to rule her author rather than
to be directed by her.
Besides Mariposa, Miss Bonner has
ample opportunity to sketch character
in Essex, the literary dilettante and lib
ertine; Mrs. Willers, the frowzy news
paper woman, and the whole fund of
the Garcia household. But the author
has erred upon the side of allowing too
free a play to her desire for character
delineation. She is prolix in several
places; she has crowded her book
THE Indians of the* Painted Desert
Region." by George Wharton
James, Is one of the most Inter
esting . and instructive works
published on the manners, habits
and history of the aboriginal inhabi
tants of the desert, regions. It will ap
peal to all who take an Interest in eth
nological studies, and who are desirous
of knowing about the wonderful people
who dwell close to. us, whose customs,
dress and modes of living are as prim
itive aa were *, those of the ancient
Britons when the Roman generals first
led their victorious troops against them.
James is one of the leading students
of these people. He has studied them
closely and constantly during the past
twenty years, has lived among them,
has been initiated into all their mystic
secret organizations' and has enjoyed
their confidence and respect to an ex
tent quite unapproached by any other
writer. * • Numerous other books have
been published treating of various
phases of the Indians' lives; but.thelr
contents tos[ considerable extent are
based on the accounts of various trav
elers. ' James'- book Is r uthoritatlve and
Is based almost entirely upon his own
observations and; researches. , \
According to James, the name O*E1
Pintado Deslertb" was bestowed on the
region by \ thie . Spanish Conqulstadores
under Coronado^ "and Tobar, In 1540, dur
ing their search for the rich gold 'and
silver mines that the Mexican Indians
had led them to believe existed near the
seven mythical cities of Clbola. The
name was suggested to them by tha
clear atmosphere, bright sunlight and
magnificent • luminous 'displays wit
nessed during the ¦ rising and setting of
the sun. The region has never been
clearly defined; but James takes it .to
Include all :the .desert lands of New
Mexico. .'Arizona, ¦ Eastern California,
Utah, Colorado and Nevada— a j great
stretch of country. that may be said to
run from i Mexico right up nofth^ to
ward Idaho. - ; . . .
Jamep ¦ divides . the Indians into , four
closely. allied classes— the Hopls, Nava
hoes, Wallapais and Ha vaaupais. They
dwell In small .villages perched upon al
most inaccessible heights In ' the .'desert
plateaus; there ' appears .to ; be".. little
doubt | that j they j chose these elevated
positions, for purposes of protection
from the onslaughts of their foes. Their
hunting grounds, '„ fields. ; arid ;• gardens
are " far away In the • valleys. Only one
or two narrow and almost Inaccessible
trails lead up to their fortified homes.*
! - Their chief towns are .WalpI, | Slchu
mavi, Hano and Oraibi, which are prin
cipally built of stones and adobe.*'
The author's *" reflections '"/ on :" first
studyinr thl^villages give a fine, ¦ plc T "
turesque (summary, of the /impressions
made - upon : a' visitor, and : throw-picon
slderable ' light . upon ' the ) Indians '• and
their customs. The author says: "Oh!
Professor Jan)es Tells of
the Indians.
fcrrni^the ; climactic crescendos of her.
story. .Real scenes and. Incidents which*
had -the element of : the dramatic In
them are by the .author magnified to
full novel importance.' • Long conversa
tions and even ' brilliant' repartee are
s'upplled where the presence of such
would be effective. It Is as if the au
thor were behind the Imperial throne
of the dual monarchy with a s phono
graph record. *•
It cannot be gainsaid, however, that
this method of writing biography has
its advantages; It is, above; all else,
more readable, even though less-credi
ble than the accepted form of memoirs.
Possibly; too, for such* blind worship as
this titled (for such she must be) lady
has indulged in the more romantic
form is the only ope. Thus she. re
gards her completed task:
"It Is a very thankless task, a weary
undertaking, to tell' the true history of
a romantic life. For there are many
who Invariably conclude that one
regarding truth for effect— which Is hu
miliating indeed; and, therefore, too
often, alas/the scribe— like . the artist,
who does riot ; dare, wheri__ setting his
palette, to approach the glorious color
ing of nature, the dazzling gold of an
Oriental sunset, or the flaming: lines of
tropical blossoms^-hesltates to' relate
the real, the llve.-'the palpitating, or
even the more simple tbudilng Inci
dents which gd.to jnake up the exis
tences of -royal/personages."
Would It be .unfair to say that thl3
excerpt from ¦ vMadame Incognita's
.work serves the double purpose of re-,
veallng both her thought and her liter
ary style? ~
The author devotes the first part of
her work to a very searching study. of
the roval mother of Emperor Franz,
Archduchess Sophia} This remarkable
woman, who was really a second Maria
Theresa, wins a larc i share of the
writer's admiration, for she was all
statecraft to the tips of her royal fin
gers and a good mother, though cast in
the Spartan 'mold. The\ biographer
even evolves a highly dramatic dla-'
logue between Sophia and her imperial
father-in-law when the former wished*
to unseat the doddering old monarch
and place her; "Franzi" on the back of
the double eagle. :
Madame, the titled unknown, betrays
her politics .when, she deals with the
revolution of 1848. None but a mon
archist' and an aristocrat could " detail
the causes of the uprisings which.sim
ultaneously, shook- all the despots of
Europe In that momentous year, in the
hlt-or-mlss fashion which Is hers. She
merely savs that all the rustics j and
the students in Austria and Hungary
were bitten of a sudden by that Insidi
ous pest,' Liberty,, and thereupon rose
up against the throne endowed by the
divine right Z_ of rulers with absolute
power. But revolution" unseated the old
Emperor ; and' with the accession of
Franz Josef a new era opened for Aus
trlal *, T. .-•'. : ' : ' i ' ¦";''' . , .'
"Will the world ever quit* realise,"
queries the \ author, . "what a task lay
before the young monarch, as on De
cember 3 be awoke to the realization
that' he, and he ; alone, was now re
sponsible for the pacification of a coun
try more than twice the size of Great
Britain, a third* larger than France, and
for the prosperity of some • thirty mil
lions of. human .beings.' v belonging 'to
seventeen or eighteen different ' nation
alities?" • Truly the . world has hardly
realized what • a ' labor it * has . been ' for
brave old ' Franz Josef to " keep stable
•"The climax of wig;-hating," says
she, "was reached by one who has
been styled 'The Last of the Puritans'
— Judge Samuel Sewall of Boston.
Constant references in his diary- show
how his hatred influenced his daily
life. He despised wigs so long and so
deeply, he thought and talked and
prayed upon them until they became
to him of undue importance; they be
came godless "emblems of iniquity; an
untenable snare and peril." Poor
Sewall; when he wished to marry a
third time the lady in question made
It a sine qua non that he wear a great
flowing peruke.
Of the attempted classic outline of
raiment for the fair ones during the
Empire period Mrs. Earle writes with
didactic energy. That the fad, for
classic, clinging draperies in vogue
just a hundred years ago swung nearly
to the limit of an Eden simplicity Is
reflected In the well-k«own portrait of
Madame Recamier. Mrs. Earle: thinks
that our great-grandmotheis were Im
modest
After earning her clothes history
up to the end of the first decade of the
last century Mrs. Earle leaves kanga
roo waists anil straight fronts for fu
ture antiquarians to expatiate upon.
The-worth of her work she ( bases upon
the argument that to know history
well one must know costume. "Nor
could any one write upon dress with
discrimination and balance unless he
know thoroughly the dress of ail coun
tries, and likewise the history of all
countries."
(The Macmillan Company, New^York;
Illustrated:, prije J5.). • .
From the quaint old requisitions
upon English drapers and haberdash
ers Mrs. Earle drawj her fund of In
formation concerning the / gafb of
Miles Standish, Penelope Winslow or
the Reverend. Cotton Mather. We
read of jerkins, pattens and collars in
Massachusetts Colony and slashed
doublets, periwigs and flounces down
among the Virginian cavaliers. Of
the shock which wigs gave the good
brethren of its cloth among the Puri
tans. Mrs. Earle writes with amusing
fancy. >
- ' ¦ • ¦ . ' : . ¦ . ¦ ¦ »'» ¦ •
and watched narrowly the attffe, of
their neighbors, not only from a dis
tinct liking for dress, but from a. care
ful regard of social distinctions- -and
from a regard for the proprieties and
relations of life." x
Costumes of Ancestors
Is Her Then)e.
I | OW one, Thomas Carlyle> would
\^f have broken forth into ponderous
I ¦ thunderings and rocked the world
* of letters with wrathy fulmina
tions had he been spared to see the day
when a work-in two bulky, volumes
would be brought forth v or. the sub
ject of clothes. Lucky is it for Alice
Morse Earle that the choleric philoso
pher of clothes is now dust and that
her "Two Centuries of. Costume in
America" may appear unassailed by so
unmerciful a pen. For what says the
ascetic "Sartor"?
"Neither In tailoring nor in legis
lating does man proceed by mere acci
dent, but the hand is ever guided on by
mysterious operations of the mind. In
all his Modes and habilatory endeavors
an Architectural Idea will hi found
lurking. • • • Whether he flow
gracefully out in folded mantles based
on light sandals; tower-up in high
head-gear, from amid peaks, spangles
and bell-girdles; swell out in starched
ruffs, buckram stuffings and monstrous
tuberosities; or girth himself into sep
arate sections and front the world an
Agglomeration of four limbs— will de
pend on the nature of such Architect
ural Idea." , When such classic irony as
this "towers up" in grim warning
against the foibles of habiliments Alice
Morse Earle has bravery of no mean
measure to claim authorship of a work
upon human husks.
The sartorial antiquary is a new fig
ure In the modern order of things book
ish. Away back in the eighteenth cen
tury such old grubbers as Stubbs, and
Malcolm wrote dissertations upon the
history of knee breeches and the treat
ment of the human hair— possibly be
cause they had nothing else to do; but
it is a question If the modern reader
needs 1200 pages of Illustrated text upon
crinolines and night rails to add to his
happiness In life. "Two Centuries of
Costume" would be an invaluable aid
to Charles Major or Mary Johnston In
the preparation of a new historical
novel; they could be correct in their
clothing of another Dorothy Vernon or
an Audrey. Beyond that It must be
said that the book will have little more
appeal to popular fancy than a spin
ning wheel which "came over In the
Mayflower."
At first jump Mrs. Earle wishes to
combat the fallacy entertained about
the somberneES of our Puritan fore
fathers' dress. Though their worthy
pastors condemned colors as one of the
sins of the flesh, the flocks were wont
to stray, according to the author. She
says:
"When I think of my sturdy Puritan
forbears in the summer planting of Sa
lem and of Boston, I see them in 'hon
est russet kersey,' gay, too, with the
bright stamell red*of their waistcoats
and the grain red linings of mandil
lions; scarlet capped are they and en
livened with many a great scarlet
hooded cloak.
"The Puritan church, indeed, preach
ed simplicity of dress: but the church
attendants never followed that preach
ing. Even In the nrst years the set
tlers paid close atteation to their at
tire, to its richness,: its ' modlshness,
Character drawing is pre-eminently
Miss Manning's forte. In her "Judith
of the Plains," the character sketches
alone would serve to make a book with
out the assistance of the slender
thread of romance which binds them
into a plot.
The book is a cowboy tale — a story of
the great air and boundless plains of
the West. The life upon the big Wy
oming cattle ranges Is, perhaps, drawn
with too high a coloring, but it is ef
fective.
Humor finds a place here and there
In Miss "Manning's story. Leander Dax,
the brow-beaten husband, seems a
strajigely pathetic figure in this bold
Western canvas. Mrs. Yellett, with her
aphorisms from "The Book of Hiram,"
is another quaint touch. But Judith is
the personage par excellence — Judith,
the half-breed girl with the half-wild,
untrammeled nature and the stoic cour
age. This is a great piece of character
limning, this Judith.
(Harper & Bros., New York; price
$1 60.)
the tottering 'arch of that HapsTrarg
dominion. -.,''"..
Much of the material about the un
happy Klizabeth which the author has
used in her former book, "The Martyr
dom of an Empress," is here repro
duced In the accounts of some of the
Erriperorls crushing tragedies. Few. of
the tales of royal unhappiness can com
pare with this pitiful story, touchlngly
told, of the married infelicity of Franz
Jesef> and his gentle wife. Then fol
lowed the, shocking "fate In Mexico of
Maximilian, . the Emperor's fa- orlte
brother: the ¦/death "of tils mother, the
falling, away ,'ahe "by,; pne» of his old
frie-ds, % until ..the;;-bowed , old monarch
Is left now -a ! solft$ry>'and a sorrowed
man | upon <a 'tottering throne. . This
part of the author's "narrative through
Its- Sincerity and : sWeet ! note 'of sym
pathy redeems th'e : somewhat grandiose
verbiage of. the earlier pages.
(Harper <fc Bros.. New Tork; illus
trated; price $2 25.) &?<
the nathos, the woe, the untold but
clearly written misery of centuries In
these cliff-built houses of the mesas,
these residences that are fortresses,
these steep trail approached and preci
pice ( protected , homes. In a desert
land, surrounded by relentless, wary
and vigilant foes,.. ever fighting a hard
battle with the adverse conditions of
their environment, short of water and
firewood, and with food In the
desert-rescued lands below, where at
an/, moment the ruthless marauder
might appear, there Is no wonder that
almost every elderly face is" seamed
and scarred; furrowed deeply with the
accumulated centuries of never-ceasing
care. Mystery here seems at first to
reign supreme. It stands and faces one
as a Presence. It hovers and broods
and you feel It even in your sleep.
The* air is full of It. The very clouds
here ! are mysterious, j Who are these
people? Whenpe came they? What is
their destiny? What fearful battles,
race hatreds, devastating wars, led
them to make their homes on these In
accessible cliffs?"
The author has found the desert In
dians a quiet, fairly Industrious people
who are skilled In agricultural and
stock-raising pursuits. It will surprise
many to learn that for many centuries
they have known the benefits of scien
tific Irrigation, and have practiced It
extensively. :
The men and women ar* expert
swimmers and are brought up in the
saddle. They very carefully practlc*
physical culture and have wonderful
powers of endurance. Every morning
at break of day the young men prac
tice running, these exercises amount
ing to a run of from fifteen to twenty
miles before .breakfast. This will ex
plain how It is that for a dollar trav
elers can employ an Indian to carry
letters across the desert a distance of
90 or 100 miles within twenty-four
hours. Many of their recorded feats
in this respect are almost incredible.
The Indians are very superstitious
and religious. They are pantheists, sun
worshipers and snake dancers. They
have powerful medicine men, also pray
ing wheels. like the Burmese and Thi
betans, and they are addicted to the
practice. of witchcraft and sorcery.
In one singular respect they ara
ahead of us. They recognize women's
"rights." The whole home life, of the
-desert Indians is based upon the rights
of women. The women own the houses
and property; the wife • receives her 1
newly, married . husband into her own
home; th* children belong to her clan
and take her clan name; any food
brought into the home by the husband
at once becomes her property. She is
truly, queen of her home and, unlike
most aborigines, - she Is In every re
spect placed on equal terms with her
husband.
Among the arts practiced by the In
dians are weaving, basket making,
carving and pottery making. Their
blankets are finely mad* and greatly
sought by traders. Their baskets are
mado from yucca fibers and willow
wood. The ornamentation Is chiefly
in geometrical designs, which are gen
erally symbolical. Their pottery Is sim
ilarly „ decorated. All their art .works
are skillfully and tastefully executed.
James has given great attention to
the religious mysteries and ceremonies
annually practiced by these people. His
chapter treating on the dances and per
formances of the snake and antelope
priests, which is a fine example of vig
orous word painting, will be found ex
ceedingly entertaining.
The author has succeeded In getting
Into the 26S pages of his book a com
plete '.storehouse of -Indian wonders.
He relates th* "¦:. exploits of travelers,
stories of Indian battle and hunting
scenes and sports. He describes the
glorious colored scenes during the ris
ing and setting of the brilliant sun and
the awful •: terrors of , the sandstorms
that often devastate the region. James
adds iom« of his own and other trav
elers' hair-breadth escapes from immi
nent peril In a highly dramatic manner,
that gives an unusual Interest to the
book. ,
(Little, Brown & Co., Boston; illus
trated;'price'IT 60.)
with people who are not necessary to
the machinery of the plot; there are a
few unnecessary scenes In which use
less figures have their say.
Miss Bonner's book divides the at
tention equally between incident and
character delineation. There is enough
of the former to balance the latter fea
ture. The story Is well sustained.
Arain, it is a good book.
(Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indianapo
lis; price $150.)
Three Western Stories
of Some Merit.
SHE first question asked by the
prospective purchaser of a new
novel is: Where is the plot laid?
In these days the art of story
writing has been so highly spe
cialized that we have the Southern
school, the New England school, the
Xew York school and so forth. Each
treat section of the country has now
ita novel typical of the life lived there
in. Local color la becoming more and
more the distinguishing feature of our
present day novels.
Of these schools of the novel there is
one which is coming more and more
Into prominence. That Is the great
Western novel field. After Bret Harte's
time the typical red shirt and buckskin
trousers story of the Weit languished
until within tha last year or two the
fr*sh. quickening spring of the buoyant
Uf* of prairie and mountain has again
b*ccme one of the dominant notes In
our lighter literature. Perhaps It was
Owen Wlster who set in fashion the
new Western story; It might have been
Frederic Remington or Alfred Henry
Lewis. Certain It Is that there have
b*en written some 6tories of the trans-
MlssiBsippl region which have been rep
resentative of the highest effort in the
novel.
Three recent books there are which
are of this Western field. Widely differ
ing in character though they may be,
these three are all founded upon the
typical Western spirit of restless en
ergy, that characteristic which makes
them kin. "Mr. Salt." by Will Payne,
is a novel of the terrible rush and wel
ter cf business life in Chicago; "To
morrow's Tangle." by Geraldine Bon
ner. Is of breezy San Francisco in the
'70's, and Marie "Manning's "Judith of
the Plains" depicts present day' exist
ence on Wyoming's plains.
In his novel, "Mr. Salt," TVill Payne
has not achieved unqualified success.
His desire to picture the tremendous
pressure of the great financial engine
has borne very creditable fruitage; but
the characters In his story, with the
possible exception of Salt himself, are
cut out of strawboard. The quick suc
cession of stirring incidents alone pre
vents the reader from closing the
book's covers at the fourth or fifth
chapters.
lir. Payne has the very laudable
j>urpose of making a heroine out of a
stenographer and right manfully does
he endeavor to add a dash of heroics
to her shorthand. But to no purpose;
Earner is altogether of the earth.
«*arthy, and will not make any attempt
to look beyond the top of her type
writer. When at last she warns her
employer of a plot against his life and
the Ptr;:^p:ling Mr. Payne has almost
caused the white light of heroism to
beat from the stenographic head, the
recalcitrant Ksther shies fearfully and
refuses to become the wife of her mil
lionaire lover. Then even Payne
loses heart and drops his heroine for
three whole chapters.
Salt, the stock plunger. Is well done.
The author portrays the fearfully pug
nacious daring of this master genius on
'change with a simple strength which
is convincing. The only note which
seems to ring a trifle false in this con
ception of Salt is that very love af
fair with his typewriter. Not that
such things are not, but a giant of
finance such as Salt does not mingle
the divine passion with his business
as a rule.
Aside from the stiff-backed char
acters, the etory which Mr. Payne has
spun about "the street" In Chicago
is m. good one. In liveliness of action
end vividness of portrayal it can be
easily ranked with Frank Norris' "The
Pit" In some feature it is very like
the second story of the wheat.
(Houghton, Mifflln & Co., Boston;
pries SI CO.)
A Few Current' Topics
About Writers.
mHERE has lately been pub-
I Ilshed In Paris a letter by Balzac
I relating to his candidature for the
\ Academy, written in 1S43. The
novelist was disgusted to find that
his poverty was proving an ob
stacle In his path, and to his friend.
M. de Pougerville, himself an Academi
cian, he wrote: "If fortitude In an up
hill struggle. If the Independence which
refuses to exchange labor for Irritat
ing government protection, if poverty,
constitute an obstacle to my election,
then I ought never to offer myself
whin fortune shall have ' favored me.
It would be as discreditable for me as
for the Academy that gold should give
a claim higher than that of a Ufa de
voted to literature. • • • You will
approve. I trust, an attitude dictated
by the self-respect Inseparable from
one's own good name."
An interesting comparison between
Baldwin Sears' "The Circle in the
Square" and Thomas Nelson Page's
"Red Rock" is made by a recent critic,
who says: "From Its remarkable pene
tration and portrayal of feelings and
their expression, and from its strong
and sustained grasp, not only of char
acter but of a great problem. The Cir
cle in the Square' deserves to be con
sidered a legitimate successor to 'Red
Rock' as a document on the conditions
of Southern life."
¦Robert Dunn, who accompanied tha
recent expedition up Mount McKlnley.
conies home with some very interesting
anecdotes of the. human side of explor
ation. Mr. Dunn is a popular young
Harvard graduate, who has done some
striking magazine articles on outdoor
life. He Is embodying his recent thrill-
Ing experiences in a series of papers
which will appear* In Outing during th*
coming year. The first of a series an
nounced for the January Outing will
be a stirring narrative of his thrilling
experiences recorded In the stress of th*
moment, portraying the thing as it was.
Its passions, hopes and fears. Th*
series should be a notable one.
Mrs. Katherlne Cecil Thurston, au
thor of "The Circle," whose now novel.
"The Masquerader," begins its first in
stallment in the January number of
Harper's Bazar, was born in Cork, in
the south of Ireland. She was an only
child, educated at home and much
given to reading. Strangely enough. In
view of the success of her first novel,
Mrs. Thurston avers that the thought
of writing never came to her until it
was suggested by her husband, who Is
hlmseH an author. Mrs. Thurston re
sides altogether In London, making a
pilgrimage each year to her own coun
try. It was in the quaint and primitive
village of Ardmore, on the south coast
of Ireland, that the greater part of
"The MasqSerader", .was ¦written.
Several Important reviewers of Aquila
Kempster's novel, "The Mark," pub
lished the past month, have taken the
author's name to be a pseudonym,
which Is not i tha case, for Mr. Kemp
ster Is a real newspaper man in New
York City. For a "first novel" . The
Mark" is having a wonderful success,
not only from the point of view of
sales (two large editions were printed
before publication), but with unusual
reviews In newspapers and magazines
as well.
During th* present year Mr. John
Moody, editor of Moody** M^misJ. has
devoted much Urn* to the compilation
and writing of a book which will short
ly b* Issued for general circulation,
under th* titl* of "Th* Truth About
the Trusts: a Description and Analy
sis of tha American Trust MorexxMat.'*
Ths contents of this book art based
chiefly on this -Invaluable data and
general Information which th* author
has been bo carefully accumulating
during thes* years. . It is to b« a larg*
volume of over COO pagss and Is prob
ably the first attempt to present, la
uniform and accurate shape, an Ttnwl
and Impartial history of th* tnut
movement, as well as an unbiased iM
fair treatment of th* subject from th*
standpoints of both "Wall street and
the public in general.
Mr. Carman In his essay la th* Janu
ary number of the Literary World 1*tf4m
fault with the publishers for indiscrlm
inato Issuance of worthless books. H*
says: "Perhapsone;book In a hundrtd
Is worth reading. Perhaps on* la a
thousand is worth preserving. But to
the critical mind, with ita cultlvatsd
taste for th* best, there is •omethlns:
discouraging in th* complete worthless
ness of the vast majority of current
book*. Without thought, without style
without a grain of beauty or an lota of
sense, they are dumped upon us by the
bushel. Nine-tenths of them can serve
no purpose but to flatter the perennial
vanity of th* misguided incompetents
who pen them, or to lead their unfortu
nate authors to impossible hopes of
financial success."
The first novel of th* n*w year, from
the Dress of Doubleday, Pag* & Co..
will be Miss Ellen Glasgow's • new ro
mance of the Virginia tobacco fields.
"The Deliverance," illustrated in color
by Frank Schoonover. January 15 is
the date set for publication, and In this
apparently "off season" the same house
has before issued some j of their btst
novels with unusual success, so they
no longer consider it an experiment.
Last year their first novel, which ap
peared on the same date, was "The
Pit."
Frank II. Chapman, who has done
more than any other man In the coun
try toward popularizing bird study, has
Just DUblished "A Color Key to North
American Birds," which Is an ingen
iously arranged and illustrated bird
dictionary through . which one may
learn a bird's name with the least pos
sible difficulty. • •.>¦¦;.
Amons . the important announce
ments of spring publications must be
reckoned some forthcoming titles in
the list of Messrs. Thomas. Y. Crowell
& Co., "A Bachelor in Arcady," a de
lightful idyllic romance by Halliwell
Sutcliffe. author of "Mistress Bar
bara"; "The Life of Dean Farrar," the
authorized biography of this noted
theologian and writer, by his son, Reg
inald Farrar: "Ruskln Relics." a se
ries of imoortant and Interesting Rus
kinlana by that author's friend and of
ficial biographer. W. G. Collingwood;
"Minute Marvels of Nature," by John
J.'.Ward. a thoroughly unique Illus
trated work ; dealing for. the first time
In a popular way with the marvels of
minute life which are revealed only
by the microscope, and Shakespeare's
"Merchant of Venice." edited by Char
lotte Porter and Helen A. Clarke, th©
fourth play of the popular reprints,
from the famous First Folio of 1623. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO' SUNDAY :GALI1
EMPEROR FRANZ JOSEP of
Austria la undoubtedly a wonder*
f ul man and a noble character in
the history of the last fifty years
In Europe. He 1b a man who has faced
and conquered more difficulties of
state than any monarch who has held
sway since Napoleon. His unvarying
sweetness of nature and remarkable
fortitude under crushing: tragedies have
marked him as a man among men to
whom all honor Is due. A somewhat
florid glorification ~ of old Emperor
Franz and 'the divine heritage of the
house of Hapsbursr. under the title of
"A Keystone of Empire," has ' come
from tht pen of an anonymous .inti
mate of the Emperor and a member of
his court. The publishers do not have
to .admit that she is a woman; ' that
fact is patent in every line of the
work.
The fair unknown ' who has raised
this monument of full blown worship
to the idol : of, Austrian royalists has
cast her biography Into a style almost
approaching the form of the novel. The
crucial events in the Emperor's life
A BOOK LOVERS' DIVERSION
7• One- morning early, when he had had
8ome,days in which to do his thinking,
and as Noaker said, "to get wise off his
back," he was toiling with aw^ite-hot
Jar of iron when Timlin and Culp' found
it possible to stray past him and- to lin
ger a minute at -his side.' They/ had
previously had allttle' chat with.theas
tute'Mlnick—which' may have nothing
to do with the case.* The scribes know
only that in Hell's Kitchen Timlin and
CulpTMn their ordinary duties,, had no
business whatever. , ; ...
" "Kind of a foretaste of, bein'. fried in
yer' own grease", ain't : it, pard?". Culp
ventured.". . "'. ¦ . •' • .'" ".' '..'..
"Hot's hell and twice as 'thirsty,", said
Milly; pausing a moment to scrape the
perspiration • from . his ¦ face arid afms
with the edge of his hand. -¦;•• Ain't got a
gin.flzz in yer Jeans?' I was Jus'f think-
In' I 'could use one". }
. The three men grinned.fand.a grin in
the place of retirement 0f|tKe Order of
Penitents is a means of ," eloquent i ex
pression of more potency -than an un
abridged dictionary. [¦>> . . -
; "Seems rather light, for this kind o f ,
work," Timlin dropped. ','Dld the
deputy see you " before you were put
was short of hands In ;' Hell's Kitchen,
and to- the kitchen, .accordingly, *Milly
was assigned. 'The wofk^prescribe'dfor
him was of the fittest>jsort to givehim
a "bad enough .an*. .most a ;
leetle , bit Too bad, ' so's to get . him - a
thinkin'." ' . -' •-:•>:¦¦
- -That -evening Miily betrayed oddities
of an 'astonishing kind^trid variety. -He
was laid . offafthe^ -foundry,-.and'with
.!" a\ week it was ; '¦noised; abroad.. that
Hell's" Kitchen would .know' him' no
more.- He : was;"crippled under de hat."
ll-e was confined inZthe' insane 'ward,
i^hioh , is -a misnomer. 5 }¦ - .• .' ' f ..
i;;Thpmas . Burpee,.- too, ; was confined
in the Insane ward,, and. confidences in
! t , n ?t; ward are as - inevitable as in the
and dining' hall, "the ; only
difference being a- greater freedom' of
expression . allowed ; the penitents | who
are', "crippled , under de hat." ; Garru
lousness is the inalienable right of th©
."bughouse"-^if . they - have • rocks.>And
the iease with . which he } had, got out
( of , the, foundry set Milly- a-thinking
with", almost as great lucidity as had
the.pain;ln his back. 7 . .
.. "That bloke Minick straight?" he
asked , one day afterj he and .Burpee
had, disepvered- that' they were - both
only, technically^ of unsound'mind. '. •
. , "How.d'you mean straight ?"4
./'Can he keep his clapper- quiet?" r
"If -it's made interestln', forhim,. I
guess., He's got his mitt out like the
rest .of '.'em.",
i "Case oV dough, eh?" :^
f*"Thafs my experience with. him. He
an' the vjarden graft together." "¦¦
, ! '.'Ever .known'" him r to; ditch any "o*
the guns;;<n here?" V . . t\i "-"¦
s.";;i;Not; when * there was dough - to", be
made.'.'- ... . . ¦
"I .-guess him an' me'll chew the
rag>.-.j-C ¦¦ ..¦¦..-.,..
and there' fell' a silence for awhile.' -
- '-"Gotrto put up any. looney spiel?"
asked Miuy. , : . ; /..;. ;':r:
V.-'-'Poi-sibiy you had better," ijsaidMi
njck, and^ihey ¦ discussed the : looney
spiel: *'•>**" • - ' ¦ . .i : .¦¦¦:. .-, ~-.*>s' , ¦ ¦
"Try me," said Milly, "though , five
hundred's stiff." -
/Take it or leave it." said MlnicU.
The r question would, have -,'made'a
| much",, less penitent; f than
. MUly x !ook , the*. two '; '/screws" . to', make
inquiries ;in , regard' -to :'how ; and
alight man was assigned: to' the" he"aVf_
| lest work. In?. a! prison. „ He-sized* J$^m
up' in' the 'hope to : read; In; thelr^ faces
| what their errand was. I Timlin • wlnk-
. ed at him; .Culp also." winked:", .- .. ~..- r ' ¦'/:
". "Tain't" none r o' my business/; but
If it. was me," said: Culp ito; -TimUn.:
; "I'dtake the flrst'ehahct I" got to "have
a word,: with Minick; "an* 1*4 talk- : b"usi- ;
ness. \vith7im." : * yv' v . > .' •_ ...N-. .-. y.l
: - '.'I'd • talk rocks,".-; said .Timlin. '. •-• •
' "Rocks is business," said'Culp.\\ v
¦ And both'i'men ".'{passed- oh. ... ' ,, ..."
The opportunity' to have- a -word,
withMinick. Milly in : the:
prison'^ garden one . Sunday; ;af ternoon,"
when/ the" penitents "were 'free to re
ceive their friendSi.,^ ».';{'*^;: 3 >.
•. "Say, boss," "said Milly; - abruptly,
"I'm ¦ too | thirsty •'. for ; de'- f Oiindry \r I
sweats more'ni-I-kra drink;.- I'd' like a
shift." ; ' .y v :; "- -"' '*• ? -" :: ' ' ¦*'" • V.
" "You are -gettih'-i pretty' white an'
thin,!' said Mlnick, critically ; -','but the
Stir ain't no thoroughfare. : I can't
do'nothin' ¦¦'for;' you".?".- . r . ' -*. „.'
o v"You\kiri; try.-'i" guess^ '""••;"- "¦» '•'-'¦' " •
Mlnick did -not admit; explicitly that
he could even Vtryfvhe stood. niute. ¦
"Come," . urged- Mlily.'.VIairi't' in tor >
no free show; *tgot .the Irbcks." V- /
"How;<l you. like> : the fnaane ward?"
asked Minick. -l,'" ; /;•: i.?-- " ¦- ' .* " *
: "Name de price," said jMilly. . '^-J ..¦•¦'*
i ''. Mlnick was "much too ."slick"* to
name; a - price.: or to name anything,
but any,man may Task j a. question. V
;>."Cbuld you jralse five: hundred?" • • ¦
. The conference Jook place in MUly^s
cell, where Minlck -called on him ac
cording to instructions: delivered by a
"trusty.'.' There were very few prefa
tory remarks. , ,
. "See here, boss, this is an A No. 1
shop an' all that, but confinement's
bad for my health. What's the chance
o- mnkin' a sprirfg?"
This was a bold question for a peni
tent to put. but innuendo is not one of
the habits of the Insane ward.
"How much coin you got?" .
-This counter question was not bold.
.Mlnick was • playing with loaded dice.
"No 'penitent's word ever would be ac
cepted in preference to his. ;.'.
"Twenty-five thousand plunks. I'll
give you half. Take or, leave It."
Six months after MUly Matches had
¦ demonstrated his sagacity by becom
ing an Inmate of the insane ward, his
; mental condition was inquired into by
the physician of the retreat, and it. was
• decided that he was fit once more to
do his task in the workshop, it was
• the physician's opinion that' Milly's
trouble had been merely an acute at
tack of melancholia, or hysterics, or an
j uncertain thing somewhat comprehen
sively, called "fits," or a^combination of
all three and he said that Milly would
•In all probability serve the rest of his
< sentence— nine ' years— without a recur
rence of the disorder. - To the end that
he might learn a trade which "would re
lieve him of the chagrin of being a de
'pendence on the public after his release,
it was deemed advisable by the author
ities that he be put to work in the shoe
shop, the cobbler's* trade being notably
a ; sedative" to perturbed minds.
-Milly had been in the shoe shop some
three • weeks,- under the - surveillance of
the indulgent Timlin and. Culp when he
was reminded of a trade that he ha,d
.learned in another retreat- of penitents
In another State. He began to study the
possibilities of. a shoe box as a tempo
rary place of. residence. Contemplation
tempted him to put his ideas Into prac
tice, . and . he persuaded the gracious
TicULc 'sjz'I Cvlz to wmploy ¦ him in the
ag;ain. and arrested a cabman and let
him go again, and the* 'higher officials
of the A. A. and B.' employed friends
and confidants of the illustrious Mi-'
nick to keep Harold Diprose constant
ly, in sight. J " "" ' ' . . J / " #
Two days after the ' adventure" pf'Har—
old Diprose "ana the "Vmag{c hanab^g 1
there was arrested In 'the streets' of a
city, which a 'cotirtefcy. toward and. even.'
a regard for the safety of their friends
(and themselves) inclines the scribes to
keep concealed, a clean-shaven, stylish
ly appareled young man, "known to the:,
profession as .Milly. Matches, Xo..20,ri.v
His nonide guerre he ".had.'acq'uirea-.'jn"
the years when he was learning;- his
trade; 'he had disguised himself as. a
girl in .the 'tntfe .of his slim. beard!es3
youth and'had sold matches ¦' on i the
streets and done other things less per-,
missible. It was because of the other
things that the number had been added
to his name. He. was .committed for the
moment to a local house of repose, and
ultimately, after certain tedious-cere
monies,'to the 'refuge of the Order of
the Penitents, of which the great |
Noaker was the official warden. , •
At the time when Milly Matches first
joined the Order of the .Penitents in
the refuge of which the great Noaker
was warden the great Noakt-r was not
fulfilling the duties of that office for
his "health." The warden of such a
refnge Is commonly expected to find it
or to make it a "good thing"; and
deeply as the scribes deplore the facts/
they are compelled In Justice to state
that he had paid for the opportunity.
For the, rest, they permit* themselves
to record certain conversations and bita
of narrative which came to their knowl
edge through their friend, the illustri
ous Minick. , • .— ,-
Thomas Burpee and William Marts,
the two great- personages in striped
clothes that Mlnick included in his list
of distinguished acquaintances, were
men whom he found very valuable to
interview when there was an addition
to the Order of the Penitents. Although
they might not know the newcomer
personally, if he had any zeal stand
ing In the underworld society . they
were^ pretty likejy" to be able- to tell
the degree\of his distinction, and to*
estimate more or less " correctly the
probable amount of "fall .money" it
was reasonable to suppose he had 'at his
disposal. -In such matters ;ihu under
world is very much like '.the upper—
both worlds keep "tabs" on their celeb
rities, _and the- "A 'number one gun,"
like the millionaire, .is*' classified in a
"Social Register". and a "Who's iWho."
It was the opinion^of Thomas- Bur-'
pee and "William - Marts, particularly
because they knew the class be be
longed to, and partially because they
had heard of some of his. most recent
enterprises,' that Milly Matches was a
penitent Who would be' glad to ray hard
cash for mitigations "of " discipline.
Therefore," Minick made haste to have
an 'interview with the omnipotent and
worldly-wise Noaker. ' . . - :
; "You mean thejsman has the stuff ?".
asked Noaker, after -Mlnick had. told
him of the reported financial status of
Milly. *.
"That's what Burpee and Marts say."
"It ain't hardly right for a. man to
have the stuff and not to learn- the use
of it. Seems Irreligious like, an' a kind
o* buryin'- his talent." - -
"Think Hell's Kitchen; # ud learn
him?" Hell's Kitchen, in the speech of
people who do not know what it-means
to work" there, is the foundry. "There's
a heap o' wisdom in a backache, If the
back aches bad .enough; ' bad enough
an' just a leetle bit too bad, sd's to set
a man a-thinkin'; wha^t do you say to
the foundry? You must be short o'
hands In the foundry?"
". "I am always short o' hands i where?
ever one'll do me; the* most 'good; but
see here, Charley, I'm sick'of driblets;
there's as much risk in this business In
a little job as in a big one, an' it's goin'
to take a pile to get out o' that foun
dry or there's nothln' doln 1 ."
Noaker found, as he expected, that he
When Harold Diprcse left the side
door of Abbadie & Co.. bankers and
brokers, that afternoon he was so vio
lently jostled by two stylishly dressed
young men hastening toward a cab
which stood in waiting for them that
he lost his hold for a moment on; the
small valise in which he carried his
bank notes. Both young men apolo
gized profusely and one of them, whose
high hat had toppled over in the en
counter, stopped to pick it up, and of
fered also to hand Diprose his valise.
of which, however. Diprose himself
hastened to gain possession.
"I trust you are not hurt— very awk
ward in jne, I am sure," said one of
the young men. solicitously lingering.
"Not at all," said. Diprose.
"We were rushing to keep a date, but
rve did intend to. take time to look
xvnere we were going,!', said the other
young man, bareheaded, while he
smoothed the nap of his hat with his
coat sleeve.
"I ought to have looked where I was
going myself— as much my fault as
yours." said Diprose cordially. "If you
stay to explain you will miss your
date."
"Good af ternoon." said the young men
together, and entered the cab.
"Good morning." said Diprose, and
he made his tray to the office of the
A. A. and B., where he discovered that
the small valise he held in his hands
was not the same, except to the eye,
as the small valise he had dropped on
the . pavement, and that the contents
thereof were not the same, nor of
equal value; and all of any conse
quence that he could remember of the
tvro young men was that they both
had sandy bearers neatly trimmed and
hands neatly srloved.
Therefore the illustrious Minick ar
rested John Eladen snd let him go
The next morning John Bladen was
unable to present himself at the offices
of the A. A. and B., and he stated later
that he must have been glve.n "peter
drops." but in support of this state
ment he could give the officials of the
A. A. and B nothing whatever but his
¦word.
Harold Diprose. paymaster of the A.
A. and B., was accustomed the first of
every month to draw a considerable
sum in the private omce of Abbadie
& Co., bankers and brokers, which he
took up the line to be distributed on
the different divisions. He usually was
accompanied by one John Bladen, mis
cellaneous athlete and special officer
not In uniform, by way of body guard.
The e\'ening before the robbery occur
red John Bladen fell into a conversa
tion with two men of whom he could
afterward give no description whatever,
except that they had ill-kept sandy
beards and rough, discolored hands,
and were dressed in soft hats and un
tidy, loose fitting clothes considerably
the worse for ¦wear. ¦ ¦
IT is a matter of course that Mrs.
Minick was the efficient cause of
her man's prosperity. It is the the
ory in the United States that every
good woman" is at least that* and th<!
scribes, who are scrupulously careful
to avoid scandal, profess unbounded
belief in that theory. Mrs. Minick
••Jcarnt" her man the virtues of dili
gence and self denial; she put ttve
screws on. In his own colloquialism,
she made him "hustle the dusL"
"I want that apartment up in Har
lem, and I want it furnished the way I
told you," declared Sadie.
"Ain't I square with my money?"
asked Minick. "Don't I divvy with
you on the level?"
"I ain't complaining about what you
do with the money you got; I'm simply
telling you that we got to get more."
"How much more do we peed?"
'•All we can get. -
The illustrious Minick was a special
detective in the cab case of the A. A.
and B. Railway. He made no progress
in the case for some time, except in
the matter of lengthening the expense
account, which the railway officials
subsequently audited and allowed. He
and Mrs. Minick took a little jaunt to
Atlantic City, where they stayed a week
till the "hot wave" passed. The rail
way officials did not see the expenses
of that trip in the account which they
audited, but they were there. The rail
way officials were too much concerned
about bringing the guilty parties to
Justice to show themselves difficult
about details. The facts of the case as
they appeared in the public prints at
the time are these:
"I told you what you could do if
you'd only Lustle for the dust." she
said. "Please, Mr. Old Sleuth, hustla
tome rurt!"
The bills were identified and Harold
Diprose did swear to Milly's mug.
Shorty Hoolan was taken into custody
some weeks later, and once more the
public prints pronounced Detective
Mlnick a second Old Sleuth and Sher
lock Holmes. What was of more con
sequence both to Detective Minick and
really to the future execution of the
law, there was a thrill of pride and
pleasure in the bosom of Mistress Sadie,
who, by the way, received in the public
prints no credit whatever.
They broke open the door. Milly
was taking a desperate chance. He
was still perfectly in Minick's power,
and. the instant he led the way to the
hiding-place of the treasure he had
played his last card. But even in the
.under world the life of business 13
faith. Some one Milly was obliged to
trust, and he preferred to trust Ml
nick, who was. after all. an accom
plice. The room wa3 little""and dim
and fu!l. of the smell of the dank saw
dust and decayed wood that lay deep
and soft under foot.- Milly went
.straight to one corner, where he
kneeled dov/n and du~ in the sawdust
with his hands. At the end of a
minute he lifted out a box. wrapped in
oilcloth, onened It and displayed it
full of packages of bank notes. As he
did so Minlck steoped swiftly and
snapped a pair of handcuffs on his
wrists and drew a revolver.
"It's all off. Milly; you're the moke
tmit pulled ofT that A. A. and B. touch.
If you'd had that dough you'd never
'a' touched the theater, and between
the time of*that get-away and the
A." A: and «TJ. get-away there wasn't
anywhere else a graft o' this size. I'll
be on the level with you. There's bills
In 'them packages that can be iden ti
ed. I've got you dead. But I'll give
you a chance. ' There's a lot bigger
stake in this for me than your twelve
thousand. I want the name of your
.pal. an* you can lay to $t I'm going
to have it. Out with it. Who was
he? It's your one chance; take it or
leave It,- and be quick about it."
M lily's face was not good to look
upon, but neither was Minick's.
"You're puttin' up a damn big bluff.
You dos't know what I'd toueh an'
what I wouldn't *nor where I got. ray
pile." • *->.-'-'•
"If the bills can't be identified and
the fellow you touched — Diprose — won't
swear to your mug I'm ditched. I gam
ble I'm not. You can take or leave It"
"Wlllyou let Tie mooch if i tell you
with my half of the stuff?"
"Sure!"
"Shorty Hoolan." . ;
"Thanks," said Mlnick, "you're easy.
Now well go back to the peal Steady
there, you idiot."
Milly had given an Inarticulate cry
of rage and made a break for the door.
Mlnick caught him and beat him into
a sitting posture with the butt of his
revolver— once— twice— about the head.
The two friends separated.
The" following morning Minlck en
tered the retreat of the penitents look
ing somewhat bulky, but no one chal
lenged his right to enter. He was un
derstood to be getting "wise." and the
powers that rule are permitted eccen
tricities in dress as well as In manner
when "wisdom" is the thing sought
after. The season was not cold, but
before leaving his lodgings to visit
Milly it stands recorded that he dressed
himself -in two complete suits of
clothes. A half hour after his depart
ure from the prison there was conster
nation among the employes at the
freight house of the Railroad. Cer
tain shoe boxes from the penitentiary
had been delivered, the team's had
driven away and the workmen were
about to load the boxes Into the cars
when a crash of splintered wood was
heard and Milly Matches made an ap
pearance from nowhere. The workmen
were tow dumfounded to do anything
but stand with open mouths and stare,
and Milly walked unconcernedly into
the railway yards and was lost in the
multitude of cars by the time the
freight, hands realized that an escaped
penitent had been among them. Had
they, watched closely they might have
noticed the .illustrious Mlnick also in
the . neighborhood, keeping the man
from nowhere carefully in sight. What
they could not have seen, unless they
had given quick pursuit, was both men
entering a cab together and driving
rapidly. away. For the first ten min
utes the. cabby seemed perfectly to
know- where he was going. Later he
received, directions from Milly, and
drew refn at last at the edge of a wood,
where both men alighted. When he had
been dismissed Milly led the way to a
bit of d lake by which there stood and
stands an abandoned icehouse. ,
i "Hustle now, Milly," said Mulnlck.
"I want the thing over before the Stir
people are after you."
boxing department. He was left pretty
much to himself in this work, and was
able to make experiments. In about a
week he was convinced that with a
little squeezing a shoe box carefully
constructed might shield a man's body
from rain and storm at least until he
was outside of the prison walls. This
conclusion was. in itself. ,of no seeming
interest to any one. least of all to the
Illustrious Mlnick. but Milly displayed
a lively impatience to consult the Illus
trious Minlck in regard to these Ideas.
It was just possible that the physician
had been wrong and that Milly was
still crippled under the hat. A bit of
the dialogue between Milly and Detect
ive Mlnick, when next they met, might
have seemed to confirm the possibility.
"Can't nail the top on myself; I
8'pose Timlin can do it unless he's for
got how to wink," said Milly.
Why he was not as fit as Timlin to
drive a nail, and wherein remembering
to wink was essential to that operation,
did not appear.
•'Timlin can wink," said Minlck. Pos
sibly Minlck was "bughouse." too.
"An" stripes ain't pretty in the op«n
—have you thought of thatl" askad
Milly. • i
"I've thought of it."
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
THE ORDER OF THE PENITENTS
8no_text'gav^tnTl6n^s^ouldered.'.1880 •ttect. ,
and looked' very quaint in these days of
rfrlngeT revivals.'-"—* ; * ;?^ ¦¦••'"- ''
Then, taking a couple of 'dozen ot
little lace insets, she let them Into the y
waist; and, all around the edge of each
little • lace ' inset/^she - worked ,,fc , hand -
embroidery "pattern, surrounding lt x
with ¦ French knots. Then she com
pleted the ; waist by sewing- a little
turnover lace on the.- neck . and the ¦¦
CUffs".'; ... '- . ,-.•.• . . . -. ' ¦ ;
And there , Is another " style of after- ;
noon waist, and this is the waist which
Is in plain colors, in light lawn.' in buff, I
blue red and/ green linen, and the waist
which is* mado : of heavy cotton stuffs.
,Thi* sort of f waist Is 'trimmed with lace
Insets and' with bands of lace and with
little lace i medallions until it , becomes
Very delicate i in^ workmanship^ looking
yery'^ much' like^i work of art ' from one
6t the real lace rooms. \
And, speaking of works of art, there
is : a new industry .among women, and
this Is the embroidering of shirt waists
for their fashionable patrons. The pret
ty lacemakers' of Ireland are also mak
ing, up fine shirt waists, and when they
have finished th.-i- they, tx\tn them with
lace of their. oir. i. taking and later sell
The afternoon shirt waist will play
an Important part in the world of fash
ion. It- must, be made of washable ma
terial and must be all hand/made even
to the^ sewing ! of the' seams.}] Itsj color
is white and the manner\inlwhlcjrit ! is
trimmed v is/most
A woman who ¦ makes her own; shirt
waists purchased "ready made a\very
handsome -but: /very plain ' shirt waist
of fine ¦ white linen. All bverthe yoke
. she placed an 'of 'French
knots, and [for the making cVthe knots
she used a changeable red a*nd blue silk.
CiWhen^she had peppered
tbfe yoke' with these knots she 'outlined
it with a band of white wash silk." And
bordering this band, she placed a little
trimming of white fringe. She chose
fringe a finger deep and sewed it *.b the
edge of the yoke, letting it fall" over
the bust and'ovtr.-the" shoulders. -This
select sharp contrasts, such. as dark
blue upon dark red, yellow upon a
foundation of green silk, or "deep red
upon a foundation of black. In this
way she will secure an Oriental effect
which she could not get in any other
way. . ; " • .¦- •;>- /¦-,
A very, handsome y6ung woman, the
wife ofyone of the most famous artists
in this country, attended a dinner giv
en in her husband's honor wearing a
shirt waist made out, of a mandarin's
jacket. ,' • ¦ ,
Up the front there swirled a great
gold dragon upon a background of deep
blue, and all over the waist, which
was covered with embroidery, there
was a little fine tracery of gold threads.
The waist was cut low in the neck, or
rather it was cut without a collar I or
stock, and the' round neck was finished
with a band of gold embroidery."
With a handsome waist of this de
scription a skirt of gold colored cloth
could be worn. But, perhaps, in better
taste would be a deep blue skirt .with
hipyoke embroidered to match tha
waist and with' a beading of gold birald
above a side plaited flounctA .This nils
out the suit and makes the shirt waist
a part of a shirt waist costume. ;''
Waists to Wear for Afternoons.
One of the most beautiful women In
New Tork, a professional art model, a
young woman who poses in the finest
studios in the world, and whose gowns
are marvels of artistic beauty, ap
peared at a women's luncheon given
in her honor wcarinc a, shirt waist
that was made of green pongee.
Scattered over the pongee in great
swarms were butterflies of •«.' bright
yellow hue. They flew across the yoke,
they covered the stock, they were
seen in great profusion over the blouse
part of the Waist, and they made a .
very pretty trimming for the sleeve,
coming down from the shoulder to
the elbow on the outside of the arm in
a great flight. '
Shirt Waists That Artists Wear.
Quite different from this was a shirt
.waist worn by a »oung -painter whose
miniatures find a place- in. every, art
collection In the world.' This young
woman, whose hair is a Titian: gold,
wore a shirt waist of dark* green" actu
ally covered with an embroidery, ot
green hydrangeas. These were ,,. not
bunched, but were.scattered,.one^flow
er touching the other '' until ... the whole
waist was covered. * The sterna, which
were also* green, were r , latticed > and
twined In through the flowers.
On another occasion this artistic
young painter wore avwaistfof, black
cashmere . covered 'with ""Japanese
quince blossoms, embroidered in
bunches on the bust, with long, trail
ing stems which pointed toward the
waist line. '
The woman who wants to make
hexielf s UC h waist would - do well to
These waists, besides being exquis
ite examples of handiwork, are all
very delicately scented. An odor
hangs over them which is lent them
from long association with a scented
chest and from many perfumes which
were being sewed into the waists
while they were being, made. • Such a
treasure as a heavily embroidered silk
shirt waist is not to be found in the
wardrobe of every woman. But she
who owns one will dlstover to how
many uses it can be put and how ap
propriate It will come in for any occa
sion from a luncheon to a very nice
dinner. : *
them In Dublin, Glasgow, and London
to the American women who are on the
bargain hunt for pretty lace waists.
The washable satin shirt waists, too,
will play an -important part, for here
one gets all the ¦ appearance of satin
with all the advantages of the wash,
waist. Washable satin comes at low
prices and it makes up into shirt
waists that are beautiful for general
wear, for they are dressy yet Quietly
elegant, thus differing from many of
the very fancy materials ¦ which come
for. the making of shirt waists.
My Lady In the Flowered 6111c
' Maud need not go into the garden to
gather roses this summer, for she can
pick ' them right off the waist of her
silk gown. Beautiful silk shirt waist*,
all covered with a pattern of small
roses, are made up in the .fashionable
shirt waist designs and are placed in
th4' shop windows, there to beckon in
the passerby to purchase them.
The- embroidered flowers are by all
odds the most elegant, but the little
flowered silks are pretty and they make
up Into very neat little waists for all
around wear. These, If made of soft
silk, will go very nicely under a heavy
coat and will come out as good as new,
on wrinkled and smart. ,. They, make
these soft "silks with _ a box plait In
front, through which there are made
large buttonholes to accommodate
handsome' silver-rimmed buttons, \ and
they make them with masses ; of,tuck
ing, oyer>whlch?there Is an appllqued .
lace figure/ Again, they are made with
-closed. front and with back buttoned in
visibly. .;. _,„. ,, -
Many of the handsomest of the new
waists depend largely upon their but
tons for, their^ style.: Buttons made of
Japanese , embroidery are set in silver
rtm*,^ and* they' make ; almost a whole
trimming i'ot r themselves. And then
there are buttons that 'are formed by
covering button shapes of silk, and
around - these ; are set - dull gold rims,
making a sort of picture button for the
.trimming of the waist.
\ It Is safe to say that buttons will play
a very important part in the silk waists
of spring, and that fringes and metallic
decorations will be ; seen a great : deal
One costly waist was In deep red
silk embroidered with deep blue flow
ers. There were so profusely scattered
over the surface of the silk that you
could hardly put your; 'finger down
without touching' a flower. '•«¦- The
bloused part of the waist, the part
Just over the belt, was stiff with hand
embroidery and the sleeve puffs stood
out without any other stiffening than
that afforded by. the needle of the em
broiderer. >
Perhaps graceful would be the best
description of the shirt waist as It is
now seen. It is a picture waist in
many respects, but it is a very reflned
picture, without one discordant note.
More than anything else Is embroid
ery used. In fact the laces are giving
way somewhat to the embroidery fad
;and whole waists are covered with
istitchery and sleeves are made fairly
(heavy with it. There are waists
which -are embroidered from side to
side and from one sleeve to the other
with scarcely an inch left uncovered.
I Shirt Waists at $100.
P In one of the handsomest Fifth
avenue shops the other day there was
a sale of shirt waists. Nearly fifty
were knocked down and off, the price
running from $100 to $150, far beyond
the reach of the average person. The
waists were in the Japanese colors and
were remarkable for the immense
amount of embroidery upon them.
Further than this they were In no way
for they were cut on very
tplain lines, with a slight blouse in the
Fxnlddle of the front * and the* wide
pouched sleeve.
A shirt waist which can sell for $100
¦without a particle of lace upon It'
must be remarkable in many ways and
these waists were dreams In color
contrasts and in the weight and the
tone of the silks that were used.
With this long front sweep, this
unbroken line from chin to belt, this
low shoulder effect and the great
wrist puffs, woman must do her ut
most to stand erect, or the grace of
this shirt waist will be /psL It is a
¦waist which requires a woman of fine
shoulders and wide, full belt.
Tlie waist, which was a fair speci
bmm of the shirt waist which is rap
idly coming in. was embroidered down
*uch t-ide of the front with a very del
icate white i-ine. unon which there
were many white flowers. . The vine
grew more luxuriant across the shoul
ders, and thus It managed to produce
the broad-shouldered. GIbsonesque
appearance. A little .tucking com
pleted the yoke and the shoulders.
It takes a peculiar knack to wear a
shirt waist well and specially will the
new spring shirt waists require some
talent in this direction. The general
characteristic of the waist is that it Is
lone in the front and is cut to give a
¦woman a great sweeping line from the
chin to the belt. It is also long on the
shoulders and everything possible is
done to gret the 1830 curve.
THE Gibson widow swept down
the middle of a fashionable tea
room the other day, wearing a
mole-colored linen shirt waist.
Its r.^atly embroidered turn
over cuffs set off a hand which was
mad*, j-mall by the great melon-shaped
Bteeve and the very tall and very trim
embroidered stock only served to
make more slender the slenderness of
u?r pretty neck.
Artistic Linens in Ex
quisite New Tones Are
Worked With the Ncedlo
In til They Are a Mass of
Iicantiful Embroidery—
Waists Are Made of Man
darin's Jackets and Arc
Drossy .Enough for the
Nicest Occasions.
"And yet another elbow finish Is that
of the Victorian ruffles, which consist
of three ruffles all the same length,
caught on the inside of the sleeve and
arranged so as to hang down, all of
equal length, over the undersleeve.
. "But these are only a few of the
many styles of new sleeves. Just at
this moment the prettiest sleeve Is the
cloth sleeve, with a cap of some con
trasting color. This Is put on in the
shape of an epaulette and the end is
continued right on down, to the very
cuff."
"If you want to finish your sleeves In
very fine fashion," continued the mod
iste, "cut them off at the elbow, let
{hem out in a full bell and. finish the
bell with a white cotton fringe. Above
the fringe sew a flat band of white silk
ribbon or white washable satin.
"There Is another way to- finish your
bell sleeve which should be only a little
longer than the elbow. Take it and
finish It in points and under each point
set a longer point of lace. Between the
points hang two white silk balls. This
makes a very dressy finish for the
sleeves.
"Sleeves will be of two kinds," said a
modiste,* "open and closed. One will be
about as fashionable as the other and
it will be a, question purely of ,cholce.
You can have the bell, which is flaring
at the elbow, and which 'Is to-be worn
over an undersleeve. Or you can have
the- great melon shaped sleeve, whlcTi
is caught in under a narrow cuff at
the wrist. For my, part I prefer the
elbow bell as dressier.
more than last year, But surpassing
ail. of these in point of popularity Is the
heavy embroiflery of the year, which
has stepped from obscurity Into great
prominence and has become a very im
portant part of the wardrobe.
Waists That Close In the Back.
There is no denying the fact that the
majority of waists will dose in the
back. The youthful. appearance of the
long, plain, straight front is a thins
that Is beyond argument and where is
there a woman who will neglect that
which is a certain guarantee of youth
fulness?
Nine out of ten of the finer grades of
white waists close up In the back and
fully one-half of the linen and crash
waists are closed in the same manner.
The unhandiness of the waist which
buttons behind cannot be disputed. A
woman who lived In a hotel will, tell
you that it costs her ten cents every
time she puts on her waist, for the maid
mast hook it, and those who are travel
ing will assure you that the waist
which hooks up the back is an unmltlt
gated nuisance. Yet, after one look at
herself, and after one study of her
youthful lines, the woman who has
seen herself In one of those smooth
fronted waists will rush off to buy
another, for she knows that, in nothing
else, does she look half so well. - - v •-..
All waists are to be worn looser and
this will be good news for the woman
who is tugging at her back buttons
and the buttons will be larger and the
buttonholes more pronounced. Instead
of being hidden under a slat they will
stand out bold and pretty and' the
waist will button frankly by means of
buttons and buttonholes and not by
the little Invisible, loops and th» eva
sive hooks which were such a trouble
last season.
There Is a French shirt waist which
buttons Invisibly front, and back. The
method is by means of the under arm
seam and the shoulder seam. It Is not
a difficult thing to manage. And there
Is another French waist which does
not button at all, neither does It hook,
nor is It caught together with pins.
This mysterious waist, which neither
buttons nor hooks, Is made of ¦ lace.
The entrance is through the back. The
panels of lace are then brought to
gether and an obliging friend sews the
waist in place. It Is etltched together
with long white thread stitches which
shut It and keep It In shape.
The Sleeves That Will Come In. "
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
THE EMBROIDERED SHIRT WAIST
10Of chairs, and there should not be
more than a handful at most, select
the dainty gold creations of Louis XV
time,' and then cast your eye about
for a settle that is but little carved,
but that has good general outlines. It
depends largely upon the thickness of
your purse whether you need or want
a cabinet for ivories and trifles that
are so expensive and make such a wee
showing as a rule, and if you will take
the -trouble you can "pick up" treas
ure mines that will soften the severe
outlines of this "company" room. Or
naments should have some reason for
being even if. they .are of little or.no
value. A lamp may be ever so pretty,
but not costly, and after all It is the
graceful lines that make or mar. no
Try. a pink, more on the salmon, or
a blue with a small pattern in it for
a carpet and select a deep ecru cur
tain and on either side ¦ dull pink or
blue- curtain looped «rrer a gold ro
sette.".- These • heavy curtains, by the
way, are more than attractive when
they are lined with a dull brocade of
some contrasting color, although, to be
sure, they cost not a little more.
to be the most popular; but for a fam
ily that boasts of romping boys and
girls it seldom If ever pays, if they are
permitted to use the room ordinarily.
ciable periodicals, and the book shelves,
laden with their, treasures.
Brown is a good, .warm tone, and tan
Is a splendid background for pictures.
The carpet should be brown, or a rug
- made up of two contrasting Jones over
a brown filling is always effective. The
portieres should be of the darker tone,
and are quaint when strapped with tan
leather. Now and then an occasional
touch of gold brightens the room up
wonderfully, and the effect need, not
necessarily be forced. For • instance, a
geld clock, a crystal vase or some odds
and ends of - brass about takes away
the somber look, and a few flowers add
a cheery note that can be obtained in
no other simple way.
. The 'drawing-room is . the • most diffl- \
cult to handle,' for the reason {that 'one
expects the most from It and really en
joys It the leant. That is.; of .course,
if you are. true , homebodies and ; con
sider j *he". comfort of ; the j first."
¦Yet j. they. generally jcost_a pretty. penny,
and \ are hopelessly ugly. ¦ « If.
the old rhyme,, "If all the ships I have
at • sea would . come a-salllng , home to '.
me,", were only true It wouldn't make .,
the least ; difference what the long i gold
mirror . and 1 the ; dainty " brackets - and
candles cost /For! no .obvious reason
blue and gold or white and gold seems .
Don't make the mistake of crowding
the room,' even If you want It to have
a cozy appearance. Let It obtain its
homelike air from the number of books
and magazines about, Hind ' make It a
point ' to have a fireplace, where you
can rest and toast your toes, for fully a
third of i the pleasure of j home life : is
made up . of a good book and a > com
panionable fireside.
¦':'¦' Of \ course. ¦'_ there should always ¦ be a
davenport for the > lazy one, a'- great
Morris chair and one or two huge "rock- .
era"; " but : nothing\elae is really -needed
other than the center table, with its so-
broad. With a few potted plants here
and there, no one- could wish for a
daintier dining-room, and the maid' Is
deprived of her . usual', 'grievance —
carved furniture as dust catchers. ;
If you have but one maid, and find
that she Isn't "a perfect angel at that,
you will doubtlessly discover that there
will be scores of things that you will
be obliged to do ¦with your own hands,,
and it Is quite as well to remember
this in selecting library furniture. For.
some ¦ reason : or other leather always
seems the most appropriate, and while
it costs a mint it really Is "economy to
buy It, for It Is good to look upon, com
fortable to a degree and conveniently
durable. : ' ' r *-.
Stain thcpanels that may be five feet
high and tha heavy beamed - ceiling: a
rich weathered tone and If the room is
plastered It Is not a bad idea t a let it
remain a soft bluish, gray, for it al
ways blends nicely.
Naturally this furnishing calls for
weathered oak, and the simpler the de
sign the better. Scarcely the kind that
our forefathers made for their make
shift homes, but the good old mission
style. Just the same, for It Is plain and
substantial and never looks out of
place. Select a round table and plain
straight chairs with leather seats,;
livened up a bit by small brass-headed
tacks. The sideboard should be large, •
but strictly severe, ana the buffet
should be but a miniature of It But
the cut glass cabinet redeems the room.
The glass fronts are paneled with the
oak and look like a lattice work that
was put there for no other reason In
the wide world than to give -one pass-
Ing glimpses of shining, sparkling,
pretty pretties.
The hangings should be that peculiar
delft blue, and If you can afford a'man
tel reverse It from the ordinary one, in
asmuch as it is far more unique to have
It tall and- narrow rather than low and
good to look upon when the thermome
ter Is trying' its best to run out the top.
may commence planning the next room
that she constantly invades.
If It Is possible always have hard
wood floors with, a large rug lx» tne.
center, for It is quite the easiest ' to
clean and looks better than a straight,
trim carpet. A new wrinkle these days
Is tha using of linoleum instead of tha
wood, and as It comes In exact Imita
tion of the Inlaid work it answers the
purpose very nicely, especially in sum
mer, as the^-ug may be dispensed with
entirely and the room is cooler and Is
wonderfully attractive as" well.
And another little Innovation for hot
weather Is the use of candles for light
ing the dinner table instead of gas or
electricity. Of course the candles would
not give sufficient light, but when they
are supplemented by half a dozen huge
Russian or Japanese candelabra of sil
ver or brass the soft glow is very
grateful. The quaint old Venetian
lamps with the points are pretty when
suspended from the celling by a heavy
brass chain, and the round candles that
were used as altar lights in the flowery
temples are more than decorative, as
they stand anywhere from four to five
feet high and are usually solid brass.
A blue dining-room rarely, fails to
be charming, for it is pleasing at all
times, and a red room Is anything but
matter what the money value may be.
A marble or crystal vase filled with a
green growing Ivy adds a dash of color
and Its chief attractiveness Is that it Is
always fresh and green looking, which
is more than can be accomplished with
flowers unless you change them •?cry
day. and even In this land of sunshine.
fruit and flowers that Is somewhat of.
a luxury.
Now and again you see a piano In &
drawing-room, but it has no rightful
place there and nearly always pro
claims In a loud voice to the visiting
world that no one In the household
plays it. for certainly the majority of
Dresden china reception-rooms are any
thin? but alluring and homelike. Place
all musical instruments where they can
be most easily reached and enjoyed by
all. for an impromptu musicals is near
ly always the most pleasant.
If your hall Is of light wood ' and
filled with useful but hideous furniture)
it certainly is not much of an addition
to the house and can be Improved
about 9S per cent by buying a pot of
dark green stain and >a trusty paint
brush.
Go over everything thoroughly and
then cover the walls with a plain green
paper and from a financial standpoint
the cost of this hall is but very little.
And such bugbears as they are. too,
with a hat rack, an umbrella stand and
a small hall table. They are useful.
to be sure, but they look far better
where they are almost out of sight.
First impressions are very apt to be
lasting* ones, so it Is a wise Idea to fill
a common Chinese pot with huckleber
ry or some green grasses, as they ax*
fit on all occasions.
Bedrooms should be dainty and sweet
and Just at present there are but four
woods that are being used at all la
sets — blrdseye maple, goldaa oak, curly,
birch and mahogany.
With every wood the color schema I*
entirely different. The mahogany, us
ually In the plain colonial fashion, calls
for a dull pink, the lighter tones for
. a delicate blue, brown with the oak,
and a peculiar off shads of red with
the birch.
Curtains are exactly what pleases
you the most. A soft mull, perhaps
striped with • the prevailing color. Is
beautiful and a dotted swlss edged with
a valance of lacs Is quite as effective.
A pretty idea for a boudoir. Is the use
of heavy curtains over the laea ones.
Instead of the shades a brass rod that
. projects some six Inches Is put up and
the gayly colored ones are drawn to
gether and serve quite as well aa the
shades and look Infinitely better.
Modern Ingenuity ha3 entered the
field of furnishing so fully and com
pletely that there really la no good or
sufficient reason why you should live
in an unsightly home when you - caa
have a charming one that will be »
continual source of pleasure to your*
self and friends for exactly the lama
money.
i — y MERSON said If you would but
J listen to the conversation of
J f women for fifteen minutes you
\» might hear the question of do
znestio service Introduced and find that
every wcssan had a personal grievance
to air. and. furthermore, that she would
air It with great zeal.
Nine out of ten women will tell you
that !t requires more tact to manage
a servant In the kitchen than It does a
drawing-room filled with guests. While
it stems very much beneath your dig
nity to ask the cook about a dinner,
and now and then venture to make a
suggestion of your own. It pays In the
ler.gr run. as every one loves to bo con
sulted, for she feels as If she is hav
i
ins a finger In the pie, as it were.
And It Is such a little thing to praise
the arrangement of the table. If you
£on*t like It make an occasional change,
bet in such a manner as to indicate it
was aa afterthought and really of no
Importance. It may be foolish, but gen
erally the maids are highly pleased
rrltn themselves and everybody In par
ticular.
Every one fully acknowledges that
the kit oh en and pantry ara of great lm
portaaee. but when It comes to building
or furnishing a house every cent is put
when It will show, and the cook may
straggle along as best Eh* may.
• la the first place, every kitchen should
be covered with a good linoleum. Se
lect' * small pattern with natural
luuwu la It. as the wear and tear does
cot show so alarmingly and It does not
ehow water so plainly. Under tha range
put a rood, broad tiling, for tha sake of
neatness and cleanliness; and It Is no
small thing to remember that the back
of the cook may be broken stooping
over roasting a turkey or making Jelly.
Cvery well-regulated kitchen should
cave a gas range as well, for there are
lots of times when a quick meal or only
chocolate is wanted, and It is a decided
nuisancf to build a roaring fire to heat
a kettle of milk. and. besides. It con
sumes much more valuable time.
Fortunately, these days nearly all the
sinks are white enamel, and they can
b« kept beautifully clean with a very
fine whiting or a cloth moistened with
gasoline. Then come the cooking uten
sils. Don't be stingy with them, for in
mixing "sugar and spice and all things -
nice" you can scarcely have enough.
Line all the glittering pans and ket
tles along the sink where the cook can
lay her hands on them easily, and un
less she Is a perfect tyrant the daintiest
titbits should be as play to her.
By the time your pantry and kitchen
are furnished to suit your maid you
THE SAN -FRANCISCO. SUNDAY -CALLV
ORIGINAL IDEAS IN HOUSE FURNISHINGS
11By. OtKp B. Senga.
WHEN A MAN'5 BASHFUL
By Maravene Kennedy.
ROSES 'VERSUS DAISIES
;,' Jack met \ her at the train.* He was
the' same Jack she had left— tall, loose-
• ran*B*inBjQBjBFS9 HE round-faced dai-
F zsssaB5aaE *j sies, not the boy's
jjv \ SjlJ pleading eyes, held
3&>} Ha her gaze> yet she
s«s5 1 5§i smiled winsomely in
i &SC- to the ea Ser littleface
mmSSSmimmBu as she gave him the
coveted dime.
She smiled whimsically as she took
her seat in the crowded car. She held
the daisies a moment against the crim
son roses on her breast, then reread
Walter Antler's note:
"Margaret/Dear: It's hard lines that
I can't see you off, but Harding's out
oh important business and I can't de
sert the ship.- Shall be with you in
Rplrit a*a are my roses in reality.
Write me at once on your arrival. I*
shall be up soon for my answer. Good
by, dearest. My own dearest, God
grant some day. Yours only, ¦;* ¦
• "WALTER.".
She leaned her fair face to the roses
and breathed deeply. It was so sweet
to know that she was all-in-all to the
winning, successful ' man. Her eyes
fell to the daisies, and with a sudden
suffocation she opened the window. .
"Is^ It too much' air for you?" she
asked courteously of the plain middle
aged woman beside her. '„'.'¦
The woman laughed pleasantly.
"There can't be. too much air for me.
I've been to the city for two weeks ah*
I'm downright hungry for a whiff of
fresh air. I had a good time, -I guess;
leastways I did what folks there call
havin' a good time.. But Fve had all
I ever want. Mercervllle's good enough
for me after this."
The girl's face grew serious. It was
the charm of the' city that had taken
her away from her father and her
mother— and Jack. For two years the
city had held her. and till Just the
month before she had thought she
loved it too well to leave for even a few
weeks' vacation. Then had come a
longing, a desperate heart sickness for
green fields, peaceful nights .arid the
fragrant, cooling of the hills. She
would fjrow tire'd of them in a few
weeks she thought wearily. She would
long then Just as earnestly for the
brllllantl j lighted • restaurants, " the
Hungarian music, the sparkle and .life
of the gay crowds about her. She
would want the theaters, the concerts,
the streets' pulsing with, humanity.
(Copyright, 1904, by M. K. Wilson.)
ly built, unconscious of himself— his
pleasant face reflected his clean, hon
est life, and his easy-going gait and
ready-made clothes spoke the custom of
the town. She looked at him tran
quilly. No, it was not Jack that had
drawn her here. It was her father or
her mother. How sweet to have mother
tuck her In bed, and to feel the soft
kiss on her cheek after the heart-hun
gry mother thought her little ewe lamb
fast asleep. How good, too, to hear
father call her "Daisy" and ''Girlie"
once more.
And she was glad to see Jack. He
came next evening and told her in his
soft, slow voice all the news of tha
place, and — once more — how dearly he
loved her. -) ..
"D"o you, Jack," she asked wistfully.
"Could I mean more to you. than this!"
She reached out her arms caressingly
toward the stretch of green and dewy
fragrant flowers lying so peacefully be
neath the soft moonlight. "Could you
be happy with me on a hot, paved
street, with no trees nor " fields of
flowers, and where the air was — sick?"
She laughed tremulously. "You can't
understand, of course, but— I came
home Just for the smell of the grass,
the stillness, the pure, sweet air!"
His big warm hand clasped her cold
little fingers lovingly*.
"I do understand," he said, gently.
"I went to the city once, was there al
most a year, but I had to come back.
I was doing well, too. I never told you
about It — it seemed rather womanish
for a big hulking man to hanker for
green fields -and flowers."
She moved nearer to hfm.
"There's a man there," she said, soft
ly, "that— that— I think I— love. He
made it very pleasant for me, and he's
clever and well-to-do. I thought a few
weeks here would satisfy me. but I
know now it won't." I must have the
great, big open— I can't be shut in.
Shall I write him 'Nor" Almost to
herself she breathed the question agi
tatedly under her breath.
"Not if you truly love him, Daisy.*'
he said generously. "But I do want
you, dear, and— I'd like my chance
along with his. Give me two weeks,
then send for him and talk things over
and decide."
The two weeks were blissful ones for
both, but Margaret could not determine
how great a share of the Joygivlng was
Jack's! They trudged contentedly
along the dusty roads together, picked
"Oh, better, much better," returned
Bob, in a relieved tone, "she would for
get all about you in that time. When
you come back I'll give you an intro
duction and a recommendation be
sides."
"You might put in the recommenda
tions while I'm gone," poking his head
Into the closet; pretending" to look 'for
Late that afternoon Bob came hur
rying into his office, with apologies
and protestations of regret.
"I had no chance to send a line to
elther v you or Grace," . he said, "and
somehow, old fellow, you've made a
good Impression on - her-^-she really
wants to meet you."
"Never mind, Bob," answered Ste
venson, kindly, "I leave to-morrow for
a three months* trip abroad. It will
do just as well when I return." " ;
He took the plunge like a hero. Not
the slightest trace of the timidity that
had given him the title of "Bashful
Billy" among his college mates.
The girl caught her breath, but' an
swered demurely, . "I read all manu
scripts that are sent to me."
"Yes, I know* but these will not be
offered for publication, and I want
something more than a printed slip in
reply."
; "And Bob calls this man bashful,"
thought the girl, but she only said, "I
will consider the matter."
There was time for little else; the
train came to a standstill, and Miss
Murdock hurried away. Still Billy felt
that he had made good progress— for a
bashful man. ,' V-v
"You are very kind, indeed," irrele
vantly. "I particularly wanted to meet
you to-day, for I am going away to
morrow, and I want permission to write
to you."
he wrote on the card, "Our friend.
Bob, promised to introduce • me this
morning. In his absence may I not
come and spepk with you?"
A half dollar and a whispered in
struction to the train boy and the thing
was done. Billy suffered' agonies in a
brief minute— his heart ) thumped
against his ribs and his number sixteen
collar seemed four sizes too small. The
girl read the pleading line, looked de
liberately down the aisle and nodded
brightly. He made his way to her side,
feeling like ; a man just rescued from
drowning.
"Isn't this a delightful morning, Mr.
Stevenson?" as if they were old
friends. i/J-'S.
"I love, him better for all time." she
said softly. "He and I can be friends
and comrades as well as husband and
wife, ard that's the only way to be
happy ever after."
"I can't go driving thl3 evening.
Jack. Come to-morrow evening, I'll
go then."
"You've decided against me." Antler
said, a strange lump in -his throat, as
Jack drove away. "You— you love—
him!"
"Yes." she answered gently. "He
loves the life I do. You and I are so
far apart on things. It's the outward
ness of each other you and I love. I
think; and with Jack it's — it's some
thing that comes from within. I
thought till you come if you would live
in the country I would rather live my
life with you than Jack, but — "
"You would not— even then?" he
asked eagerly. She was very lovely,
and he thousht he loved her enough
for the sacrifice. She smiled in won
drous sympathy, for had she not "mea
sured lave that way herself?
She looked full into Jack's tanned,
earnest face, then turned slowly to An
tler's clean-cut, virile features. The
men breathed deeply. Each knew that
the woman he loved Was deciding for
or against him. Margaret herself did
not realize what she was doing. She
broke the rasping silence with a low:
Just then Jack swung lightly out of
his buggy and ran up tha walk. He
did not know Antler had come. The
two men eyed each other for a moment
tensely, then Margaret introduced
them.
berries, stole apples and waded streams.
They Jogged gayly behind old Don.
Jack's raw-boned delivery horse, and
were as satisfied as though he wer» a
thoroughbred.
Then she sent for Walter Antlsr and
waited in strange indecision tor him
to come. She wrota h*™ frankly of her
desire for the country, her uncertainty
aa to her feeling*, for him, and told him
about Jack.
"I don't think I understand," ha said
uncertainly, standing tall and imma
culate beside Margaret tha evening of
his arrival His handsome, keen eye*
smiled good huxnoredly into the girl's
perturbed face. "You say If I will live
In the country you will consider my
proposal. TJ-h-m! I would losa my
mind, dearest. This place Is very sweet
and pretty, yes; but two days of it
would drive me to drink." He turned
to her earnestly. "The city will seem
different with a home of your own. and
plenty of servants and theaters and
concerts. Inside of & year you'll say
the city's the only plaee on earth to
live. Really, my darling, you can't
mean this talk about the country. It's
rank nonsense."
Billy was of many minds that day.
He half resolved to take a different
train and in some way to make the
acquaintance of the girl without Bob's
assistance. Then, remembjering the
dignity of her bearing, he shivered at
his own audacious thought. Diffi
dence was his one weakness. How he
longed to possess Bob Tennessee's
ready ease and absolute assurance.
The self-conflict ended in his taking
the- usual train, weakly • relying upon
Bob's promised Introduction.
When the girl came in, looking
prettier than ever, he waited feverish
ly for Bob. A wave of indignation
swept over him when.no Bob appear
ed. His anger overcame his diffidence.
Bob had taken unfair advantage of
the situation. Even now he might be
somewhere on the train, enjoying his
friend's disappointment, and discom
fiture.. This thought spurred him on.
Taking his cardcase from' his pocket, 1
"It doesn't at all matter," indiffer
ently, " and if It did I might find some
way to attract her attention."
"Oh, of course you might," retort
ed Bob wltheringly, "you might forge
a fit and fall at her feet, frothing at
the mouth! That would undoubtedly
'attract her attention/ "
But Stevenson was impregnable to
his sarcasm and Bob departed.
"Oh, don't trouble," loftily, "I may
take an earlier train to-morrow morn-
Ing."
"Thafs gratitude for you!" wailed
Bob.
"Stop writing a minute," whispered
Bob, "I want to tell you about her."
The pen went busily scratching on
and Billy made no reply.
"Her name Is Murdock — Grace
Murdock."
Mr. Stevenson is serenely uncon
"She is assistant editor on Brins-
Iey*s magazine," pursued Bob, "I've
known her since she was a child. At
one time I was, terribly sweet on her
older sister, but," sighing, "she pre
ferred Tom Trevors."
"Showed her good taste," inter
posed Billy, vengefully.
" 'Let dogs delight to bark an'
bite/" quoted Bob, soothingly, "only
that I'm a second John Rogers, I'd
never tell you that I'm to be on that
same train to-morrow morning, and
she says I may Introduce you."
"Go away," growled Billy. "I'm too
busy."
Copyright, 190*. by T. C. McClur«. •
. "K A R "WILLIAM STE
1 T«~ ¦ JJESJ* R V E N S O N, in the
(Mr^VY^ft$ email side seat at the
end of the car, waited
rBpjM^wI tOT The GlrL she
£^l~ " X\fj\n iJi Bt - at l° n - He feigned
absorption in a news
paper, but really lost no movement
of the graceful figure, and managed to
cret a glimpse of the fresh color in her
cheek and the pretty wave of her dark
hair.
"She grows prettier every day/' he
remarked to the advertising column,
"and I'm a goner."
He looked down the aisle and en
countered the gaze of The Girl. Her
quickly averted eyes and heightened
eoler were balm to his souL
"Allah be praiiwd!" he whispered,
seemingly scanning the paper again,
"that's the flrot indication that my lady
1b aware of my existence, and I've eat
in this same seat and watched for her
every morning for exactly .185 days.
Hang the conventions! I'd like to walk
up to her and say, 'Madam, would you
be kind enough to give me your ad
dress? I Intend to call upon you, to
win your love, and eventually to marry
you.' I wonder what she'd say?"
"What do you ride sideways for?"
cried a voice at his elbow. "Why don't
you Bit over here?"
Billy made a quick resolve. Bob Ten
nessee knew almost every one in Bos
ton and was as whlte-souled and honor
able as if his profession were preaching
the gospel, instead of detecting crimi
nals.
"Bob. go out and speak to the brake
man; when you come back look at the
lady In the fifth Beat from the rear, on
the left side of the car. See if you
know her."
Bob complied, unquestloningly, but
when he re-entered the car and looked
toward the seat indicated he hurried
past the astonished Billy and took the
scat beside The Girl, who greeted him
warmly.
When the train drew In at the South
station Bob looked up and waved a
farewell to Stevenson, who stalked
grimly out to the street.
"Bob Tennessee is a blatherskite," he
muttered, savagely. "I'd like to punch
his head!"
He was still chafing under his wrongs
when Bob sauntered into his office.
"You did me a good turn this morn-
Ing, old boy," said Bob blithely.
Billy > cabled the \ news of his en
gagement, to Bob Tennessee, who
spent days in fruitless conjecture.
"I give' it up," . he said, finally, . "but
for unparalleled nerve, "Billy, -the
bashful, may 'go up 'head.' " "
"Indeed, we won't," exclaimed Billy,
"I hereby vove .myself an extension. of
time. I'll cable to the firm and when
the Commonwealth reaches Liverpool
Billy will be on the dock."
And he was.
She saw him, towering above the
crowd, and. waved her hand.
He had no intention of doing any
thing so precipitate, but when he saw
the earnest face turned so Joyfully
toward him something sprang up in
his, heart and Jumped into his throat,
r and, making a hurried dash through
the crowd, he caught her in his arms
and kissed her. '<
\. "I couldn't help it, Grace," he
whispered, "I love you,' you know.",
For a single second she faltered;
aghast at the man's passionate utter
ance and at the publicity of her po
sition. Then, woman-like, she rose
to the j occasion. "Have you a car
riage waiting?" she asked, calmly;
"let us get out of the crowd."*
Seated in the carriage she held
back from her,. with both hands press
ed against his breast, and gazed Jong
and earnestly into his eyes. He knew
his cause y^S won. and . remained si
lent. She .dropped her hands into his.
and smiled tenderly. -"For. a bashful
man, Billy, you certainly are—" but
he> gaveVher no opportunity to: finish
the sentence; - . 'ic
From London and Edinburgh., from
Paris and Berlin, came long, bright let
ters over which Miss Murdock laughed
and cried by turns, as the writer
touched • upon the varying phases of
life, seen from the viewpoint of^ a keen
understanding- and a quick sympathy
with humanity.
Her^brief replies were not encourag
ing, but Billy's bashfuiness was ex
ceeded by his tenacity; and a foothold",
once gained, he kept. He was in Ber
lin when he received a note that electri
fied him. "My vacation begins Just as
yours draws to a close. I leav<; Boston
on the Commonwealth. * We shall likely
pass each other In mid-ocean." "
Billy had a very positive . conviction
that Miss Murdock would not mention
the circumstance of the morning t to
Bob, and subsequent events proved the
conviction well founded.
something, "and I say, Bob, make ,'em
strong. Tell all the good you know—
the bad, keep to yourself."
"No one could say anything but good
of you, Billy," said B6b, with wonder
ing earnestness, "and if you weren't 50
confoundedly bashful, you'd say it for
yourself."
that he had been stealing. He had
been known to the police fcr a long
time as a toper, but no one dreamed
that he had any vice more serious than
a love for the bottle. He had paid the
penalty of being found drunic a nmn-
ber of times and was known to the
force as a thoroughly good fellow
when sober. Judge Marvin had given
him a long sentence the last time,
hoping to work reform, and he had
endeared himself to everybody about
Copyright, 1SO3, by T. C. McClure.
ii^tjSSfj Mrs. Van Vorst.
; •C?-IbFT) • She lcld on the
'^Aml^ t2b ' e the Fretty Eil *
fV 5* vriif:v*% ver poIlce whistle
% v.-ith the satisfaction
- s *fd&* a *"'"»*ws»i of having used it to
good purpose. Then
fhe stood back complacently to view
the result.
A strange group was Fathering in
her dainty dressing-room. In the midst
of its gilt and whiteness anJ laciness,
its filmy curtains ar.d tinted satin up
holsteries, stood two burly policemen,
gripping her butler. Three frightened
maids huddled in the do-irway, too
much terrified to come in and loo curi
ous to go.
"So ye found him tinkcrii:' with a
drawer, did ye. mum?" asked one of
the officers.
"I found the drawer open and he
was just patting the lace handker
chief into his pocket," replied Mrs.
Van Vorst, indicating an op»n drawer
of the dresser with a sweeping, ora
torical gesture, for she ha«l a keen
liking for the dramatic, and this situa
tion appealed to her. She was no
coward, and there was something de
lightful in having entered he' room
to find a burglar, even though her
own familiar butler, there before her.
"I came to my room bnly a short
time ego," the went on, "and as I
entered the door I heard the sound
of a soft step. I thought that Fiflne
had come in before inc. Strangely
enough I did not even glance up at
first, but stopped there by the door
to arrange those orchids. While I
was bending above them a voice
Bpoke. Imagine my start when I hVrd
a man's voice saying, 'I have stolen
your handkerchief.' I repressed a
scream and looked up to recognize in
this creature the man whom I have
lately employed as my servant."
The man stood quietly before her
while she went on with her story. The
policemen kept a wary eye upon him,
but relaxed their grip as thsy saw his
submission. ;: \i
"What came next on the prbgramme,
mum?" the officer pursued.
"I cried, "Base wretch" and seized
the whistle that summoned you. He
made no reply to me, but sat down
calmly as if waiting to be arrested."
"And faith what did he do with the
handkerchief ?" ; > '/
"He was putting it into his pocket
at the time he called my attention."
"Which one?"
"The right waistcoat pocket."
Two great hands of the law prepared
to search.
The man spoke gently. "Don't
trouble, gentlemen," he said. "I can
get it for you easier." One of hia
hands was freed and he produced an
exquisite handkerchief of cobweb
like lace. "And there's another thing
I want to do." He started to reach
for a hip pocket when a rough hand
stopped his.
"None o' that," snarled the officer..
Page dodged the questions good
temperedly. An hour later found him
housed in the station.
It was an astonishment to every
one who knew him when it was told
"Then I'll thank you to reach" In that,
pocket for me, sir."
The policeman did so. There was
no revolver in it. He gave a jrxunt
of chagrin.
"It's the money I'd like to have you
get out, sir. I ain't armed. Please
give Mrs. Van Vorst $5. That'll pay
for the little perfumery bottle I Just
broke while I was gettin' the handker
chief."
Mrs. Van Vorst stared in astonish
ment. Page was very unlike the bur
glars of storied fair.e. You do not look
for courtesy from the man who robs
you, and she felt for the first time in
her life ill at ease. She was supposed
to be mistress of any situation; her
own butler, a common thief, \ras oaf
fling: her.
The policeman took five Jingling dol
lars from the man's pocket and laid
them on the table.
"Sure and it's a polite burglar he is,
mum," said he. "The Judge'll give, him
a chance to show his manners at an
early date, WeTl trouble ye no more
now, mum. Good avenin' to ye."
As the officers marched their victim
from the room he turned and spoke to
Mrs. Van Vorst.
"I beg your pardon, ma am, for the
trouble and scare I've given you, and
I'm much obliged to you for fixin' it all
up for me so easy."
Leaving her to ponder this puzzling
remark he disappeared with the offi
cers.
From the light and warmth of the
luxurious house the three hurried into
tte bleak rain without. The patrol
wagon backed up to the sidewalk, its
step conveniently ready for the guest.
The horses fidgeted impatiently. The
restless driver clanged his gong.
"Hustle up there, .your Politeness."
growled one of the officers. '.v y
As the man started to enter the wag
on he was met by Costello, a policenvin
who had been waiting on the wagon.
"The dlvvil and all!" cried Costello.
"Sure and it's Bill Paige 1 ."
"It's me all right," answered the man
with a friendly smile and entered the
¦wagon. -:v;-
Costello followed to act £s guard, the
gong clanged, the horses started off
with a dash and the assembled small
boys scattered, their show being over.
* "Faith and I'd like to know what
ye mean by stalln' a handkerchief?''
said Costello after the story had been
told. "Bill Page nivver saw the in
soide of the station In his life for any
thing but a dhrunk. Why, you're
honester than a barrel of good whis
ky." ,;;V;v->«V
"Didn't I make a pretty honest steal
of it?" Page said evasively.
"Ye made the quarest stale In all me
acquaintance. " Afther takin" pleasure
in announcin* to the lady that her
handkerchief was to yer xoikiii' ye sits
pacefully down to wait Tor us with an
open window and a fire escape beside
ye. Did ye think ye'd wait for an
umbrella before venturin' forth in the
Inclemency?"
the Jail, where he was entrusted with
the care of the flower beds.
The formalities of another sentence
passed quickly. Page was strangely
cheerful about It alL Judge Marvin
reprimanded him severely, all the
time feeling that his word3 made no
Impression, for the man seamed well
contented with his lot. And yet he
was not In need of shelter as are some
who seek arrest. He was entirely
sober, and investigation proved that
he had given up a well-paid position
for a petty offense, the theft of an ar
ticle that must have been useless to
him. •
The Jail doors creaked to admit him
one* more. He settled down cozily
In his quarters, affably friendly to
some of his old-time comrades.
Dayg slipped by and a restlessness
came. over him, althouzh he was the
same orderly prisoner as ever. At last
he approached the Jailer:
"Why don't you give me my old Job,
sir?" he asked anxiously.
"Oh, you had the flower beds, didn't
you? That's so. Want them again, do
you?*'
"Oh. please, sir." Page replied, his
face aa eager as a child's.
Next day found him out in the sun
shine, shears and trowel in hand.
The flower beds surrounded the next
building, which was the women's sec
tion of the JaiL Page approached his
work nervously and went about trim
ming the roses In a preoccupied man
ner. At every sound he started.
A light step came up the walk. Page
Jumped to his feet as he recognized tha
sound of It.
"Polly!" he cried, and seized a girl's
hands in his.
Joy and sorrow mingled In her face.
"Oh. Bill, you're back after you swore
to me you'd- never drink again." she
cried.
"I haven't touched a drop, Polly."
he answered, and his words rang true.
"It was for stealln'," he cried Joyfully.
"Stealing!" she gasped In horror.
"Tes — don't you see — an honest steal.
I took the handkerchief and gave It
right .hack and gave Mrs. Van Vorst
the money to pay for the bottle I broke
doln' It. I had to run the bluff. Polly.
I couldn't stay away from you any
longer. Ain't you glad to see me. little
girl?"
"I don't know," she said, perplexed.
"Now we'll be here together Just like
we used to be r v »n we first got to
know each other. We can see h oth
er every day until you get out. and
mine's only a week after that. We'll
eee each other when you have your
¦walk, for I've got the flower beds again.
And I've reformed since you talked to
ma — ain't touched a drop, Polly, on my
honor I ain't — and when we get out
111 be aa sober as a Judge, and you'll
never steal another penny, poor little
girl, 'cause your mother*!! never be
starving again. She's all right, Polly.
I left her plenty of money. And we'll
have that house with the grass In front
and we'll be happy to beat the band.
It won't be go long to wait, little girl—
there, there, doni.**
And her tears found refuge on his
shoulder.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALr.
MRS. VAN VORST'S LACE MANDKERCHIEF
12"Not sick." she said slowly. ''Jest
cold. I'm freezin' to deaths It's taken
»o long I hope 'tis come at last!"
Why had Maida let her fire go out?
He snuffed the bitiftg air doubtfully,
wondering where ehe was. Then he
discovered her In a drawn heap on the
bed. The thin blankets were huddled
over her. On top was piled her thread
bare jacket and the wrapper she had
been makinc for a firm.
Hammish went to the bedside.
"Is you sick. Maida?" h; asked petu
lantly. He did not like sick people.
The girl opened a pair of great vlo-.
let eyes and regarded him.
Presently he bethought him to visit
this special friend, the little seamstress
on his own floor. Concealing the pre
cious blocks, he trotted off to her
room, and, getting no answer to his
knock, pushed open the door and went
boldly In.
sition of general
clavey In a cheap tenement does not
Improve one's temper. "Do yez think
yez can be keepin' a mess of chips to
play wld when we all do be sufferln*
crool for coal?"
"Don't know nuffln* 'bout coaL Don't
care." retorted Hammlsh sturdily.
Five years old and gentleman un-
(Copyright, 1904, by J. B. Mitchell.)
r £— r-_ — ¦g BZ will oe flndin*
1 lin' wood some day,"
U|j»x^Ap.fE said Nora maliciously,
J&^0inr/-^§i re S^^^ng Hammlsh's
\J vCsV ¦M-'SJC^Za treasured blocks with
[i£S»^33araap£vf an evil eye. The po-
A magical hour followed, for those
foolish two under Hammish's " eyes
forgot everything but each other. He
had the gray parrot and the stran
ger's pockets to himself, bfclut; given
permission .to explore them, while the
fire, extravagantly replenished, shot up
and crackled gayly.
To the strange things his investiga
tions produced the brown haired seam
stress paid no attention. For the golden
dream of love was reality, th<* hoping,
the faithful ..waiting, had not been In
vain. And when love must put aside
human despair in order to enter his
own kingdom he becomes radiant with
a beauty that those who have not en
dured much' for. his sake never see.
Next .i morning Hammlsh ate^ his
breakfast with great gusto, for a big
basket of various fruits was In the lit
tle pantry and he himself was allowed
a. huge yellow orange. . ;..'^7.r.:-
Nora helped clean off the table, com
ing in for a share of fruit, and then re
marked crossly: \. -,.
"Be . after, rememberin* to kape yer
ouid ¦„.., blocks ; out o' my. way, or It's
buniin' 'era I'll be."
Hammish swallowed hard. One soli
tary j tear splashed on his pinafore.
, ;'They, are burnt a'ready," he said
jWith, stern dignity. , For hu felt bit
terly'ithat;thi3 ,wai Nora's triumph.
"It's ly in* ., you be," retorted Nora.
Here at , least he could prove her
wrong. % He threw wide the play-cup
board .door, "entering tcr confront her
dramatically" with its drear emptiness.
But, ; ph, miracle!. From "the ashes of
the burned blocks had "arisen such
cubes and squares as he had not deem
ed possible. . ; He saw from his moth
er's smile that ; they were: his—all his!
With a shout he sprang at them, and
Malda .and ; Jack iwere -j forgotten as
swarms of soldiers manned new forts
or thronged to wild attack.
"Does freezln' to death mean you
goln' to die?"
"Yes." The blue lips scarcely shaped
the word, but he caught it. It dis
tressed him greatly by virtue of knowl
edge newly learned from the resource
ful Nora, who had been trying to
frighten the child with stories of
death's grim paraphernalia. He
seized her shoulder in his baby hands
and tried to shake her. ?.-. j
"Don't die!" he cried, piercingly.
"You said Jack was comln' home to
marwy you! How can he marwy you
if you is dead? Do you flnk he would
dig you up?"
"Oh, Hammish," said the girl very
faintly, "please go away! It will be
long, so long before he comes— I can
not live till then. And they told me
there was no more work after this.
When Jack comes tell him I wasn't
afraid of— the grave. It must be
warmer down there."
Conscious that he waa growing very
cold himself. Hammish. fired with a
sudden resolve, j made for . the* battered
coal scuttle. He would make a fire
himself.
For if Jack came home and had to
dig Maida up might he not hold him
(Hammlsh) responsible? How often
Maida had told him proudly of her
big, warm-hearted sailor who * was
coming across the great seas!
"And I was in, no such place as this
when he knew me and courted me."
she would say more proudly still.
"Mammy and I had a little house of
our own." Then with a droop of her
tired lids. "But "when she died, after
being sick so long, it was hard, so hard
to make bread. You don't know how
hard, little Hammlsh, but it will be
your turn tome day."
¦ "Don't care!" Hammish was wont to
Maida must gro hungry. If, he j did
these, two, deeds he" would .lose' his
playthings and his supper.
The. girl on the bed took no heed
of passlngtime. She was in the last
sleep before death, which the frost
king fills with exquisite mirage. . - :
Then something troubled her. A
voice was calling, ¦¦ calling, insistently,
angrily, and with the voice floated a
smell of. something, burning. .Then a
shrill; wall made her open her;eyes
in earnest. She : sat up- to discover
Hammish dancing frantically > around
a fire of blocks in the grate, on which
boiled a tin. cup of milk,' now. running
over the edge. .
- "bweadful - smell, Isn't it?" he
shrieked excitedly. "Come quick!
Hurry!" ..,,..
She stumbled out somehow. ' Thjs
child must be attended to,' and pres
ently found herself swallowing* the' hot
milk ' H.ammish manfully forced on
her.' It brought new life to" her veins,
and she understood the miracle of the
fire and food;
"Oh, you darling," she wept, clasp
ing" him* closely. .
; ¦ ; ¦' Hammish tore himself loose. . I
"You are cwyirig all over me,',' he
said with masculine disapproval. "Was
the milk too hot in you'stummick?" *
Ai they crouched together,, by the
fire they 'did not, hear a knock at the
door until it was. twice repeated. ; *
. Then it was Hammish who shouted
come in, Hammish; who ¦ faced -the
stranger,' ,, arid : Hammish , who' yelled
shrilly with pleasure as he discovered
the sailor uniform and saw the 'little
gray, parrot perched falcon- wise' on
the. sailor's! wrist.- '" , . .,
/-.-.. The i ; knight errant j stood with i . feet
apartV as, though the deck, heaved' un
der him, • and shouted triumphantly r
. : "He's done come— an' you ( won't have
to be dug up neither."
Now indeed the puzzled knight er
rant faced a complex situation., His
mother, the deus ex machlna, who al
ways remedied all wrongs, would not
return until sunset. How, long did it
take people to die? Would Maida
really die before his mother's return- —
Just because she was cold? Of whom
could he take counsel? He knew no
one but his enemy, Nora.
He waylaid her in the corridor.
"Oh, wait!" he cried. "Please wait!
How long does it take people . to
freeze ?"
"No time at all," said Nora scorn
fully, "ye little fool ye!"
"And then- — -?"
"Then they dig a cellar of a hole an*
slap 'em into it!"
She whisked on down the corridor,
and Hammish went wearily to his own
quarters and stood before! the fire
thinking.
. For; he was now facing, the great
problem of self-sacrifice which all of
us meet sooner, or later. Either he
must burn his beloved blocks or Maida
must freeze.. "Either he' must warm
his milk for her. on the' block fife or
"Go away, Hammish," repeated the
girl. "How could I eat? There— was—
nothing."
reiterate scornfully. "Will take my
turn all right. Shall be a man."
But now he felt vaguely that a man's
responsibility rested on him long ere
he had looked for it. For the battered
scuttle was utterly empty. There was
nothing in the pitifully bare room out
of which the tiniest fire could be "made.
In his search he lifted the faded.cur
tain which covered the box termed a
pantry. Not a fragment of food was
within. It dawned on Hammlsh that
if there was no food as well as no
coal .Malda might be hungry. Again
he attacked her imperatively, j
"Has you eat your dinner?"
MIDWINTER KNIGHT ERRANT
"Are you hungry?" he asked.
"Starved! Oh. you blessed boy, you'
were taking home groceries," and she
held up a box of biscuits.
He thrilled at the sound of her old
name for him. How often she had
callejJ him he,r "blessed boy'.' in the
days before she had become anbitious
for a career.
"It's so nice to see you, Myra," he
said, as he rummaged in the little cup
board over the teacher's desk.
••Nice — that isn't the word for the
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McClure.)
'., ¦ £—¦ . j x was an awful
't\irg5SSSS%?j| storm; the snow
< "V* / &5$Sftj»B curled up over the.
I tops of the fence3 «
'"w^s^irs and there were n °
i l?t(S^ii<t3$e5i roads t0 ba seen *
fi'J^GgS*^^! nothing but white
fields, broken here
and there by black clumps of trees.
Dick Harwood bent his head to the
wind and spoke softly to his horses.
They were floundering sturdily through
the snow, eager for the end of the
jcrurney and for the comfort of the
warm barn and well-filled mangers.
"Who-oo-oo-oo-pee!"
Dick lifted his head and looked out
over the storm-swept night. That was
Myra's cry. the one he hid taught her
when he was In short trousers and she
wore long braids.
"Who-oo-oo-oo-pee!" again came the
cry, but Myra was miles away in the
bis city. It came from the little school
house at the crossroads, which waa
half covered with drifting snow. Dick
urged his horses nearer and discerned
In the doorway a dark figure, then he
caught the sound of a voice.
"Please, whoever you are, won't you
stop?"
"Myra!" he cried and flung the
reins down and ran to her.
"Why, Dick Harwood." She held out
both her hands, and then, while he
held them in his warm clasp, she
broke down and explained with little
sobbing gasps:
"I started from the station before
the storm — I thought I could get
home, you know, and then It started
—and at last I took shelter in here,
hoping that some one would pass and
give me a rids, and you are the first
person who has come — and I am near
ly frozen — nearly frozen. Dick."
"Wasn't there any wood in the
stove?" asked Dick practically.
"Yes, but I hadn't any matches,
and here l.have been for hours with
wood and stove and no fire."
Dick flung the door open and went
into the schoolroom. The rows of
battered little desks confronted him
spectrally as he lighted a match and
touched It to the ready laid fuel. The
flames leaped up and at once began
to £lve out. comfort.
"Now you get warm while I go and
look after the horses," said Dick.
"There is a shed back of the house
and I can cover the team with the old
robes and give them a feed of corn.
I'll be back in a minute."
When he returned he found that she
had drawn an old settle before the
fire. She sat in one corner of It with
her face pink in the reflected glow.
Dick noticed the whiteness of- the
hands that she held in front of the
blaze and the gleam of gold in the
hair that rippled under the modish
turban.
He brought In several packages and
laid them beside her.
"Oh, you blessed boy." she said, "it
was Just because I loved the plain ways
that I came hack, and because I missed
my friends and the dear old bill* and
you, Dick."
"And how we used to slide down the
lone hill outside and how I lost my
mittens once In the snow and you
found them for me?"
"I remember the kiss that you gave
me for a reward,". said Dick.
Myra blushed. "Listen, how the
wind blows," she said Irrelevantly.
Dick got up and wenfto the door.
"It's an awful night." he said as he
came back with his coat collar pow
dered white, "but when the horses are
rested and you are thoroughly warm I
think I can get you home — it Isn't far."
He knelt in front of the stove and
poked in more wood. Myra sat with
her chin In her hand, as she leaned
her elbow on her knee and gazed
dreamily into the fire.
. "It's good to be at home." she said.
Something in her tone gave him cour
age.
"I wish home might always be where
our two hearts were, Myra," he said
with unconscious poetry.
"I think that is the only home in
which I shall ever be happy. Dick."
she said simply.
"Do you mean Jt. Myra? My ways
are such plain ways, dear."
She sighed happily as he drew her
to him. , «:;--,».- ,- - - .
"I remember you with tte firelight
on your face, and with your cheeks red
i they are now," said Dick ardently.
He shook his head.
"Well," she said, "you are in no con
dition to appreciate Aunt Prlscilla's
pie. I am the only one who will do ita
deliclousness Justice." "
It was not a bad supper, that Im
promptu one served by candlelight in
the old schoolhouse. and '. -»ick felt him
self in a blissful dream as he looked
across the table at the fair face.
After the meal Myra fell into a re
trospective mood.
"Do you remember the -inter after
noons right here In this old room,
when we children used .j pop corn and
roast apples, and Miss Petsey would
read to us — dear Miss Betsey?"
Myra danced around the table and
clapped her hands like the little girl
Dick remembered so welL Finally she
stopped in front of him. "Dick," she
said, "did you ever eat a boarding
house pie?"
'Aunt Priacilla sent it to mother,"
he said, "but I guess we need It the
most.
"Oh. it's so cold. Every one thinks
of himself. Why, Dick, I might live
and die with twenty people in the gams
house and not one of them would
know It until the undertaker came.
That is the trouble — no one cares, no
one cares," she declared passionately.
He leaned forward eagerly, then
checked himself. "But you have your
music?"
"Oh. music." she said disparagingly,
and at her tone his heart leaped.
The water had boiled in the little ket
tle. . .- -
"L "will let you make the tea," he
said, and opened the package, of the
fragrant herb. While she heated the
teapot and put the tea to steep he drew
a little table in front of the settle and
put on it crackers and cheese and sar
dines; then with a laugh and a flourish
he set in the center a great, creamy,
custard pie.
way I feel." said Myra from the set
tle. "I was Just dying to see you —
all — " she added the last word quickly
as Dick whirled around and looked at
her with hia soul In his eyes. She did
not meet his look, however, and ha
turned away with a little sigh. "Do
you like it in town?" he asked.
"Um-um," she murmured.
"Does that mean 'yes* or 'no'?" He
had brought out a little kettle and a
teapot and was filling the kettle with
water from a covered pall that stood
behind the stove.
"Both." she laughed, "I like it and I
don't like it."
"What don't you like?" he asked.
SNOWBOUND
By Temple Bailey.
"Maybe I be," returned the other
quietly. "T reckon you've the tight to
know before you answer."
He s>ut a foot on the log and looked
down at the moon-flecked river.
"You see, I love her," said he simply,
"and so I've got to know. I've been
lovin' her this long time, since she was
fust come hrer a youns gal. I'm a
right awkward sort of a cuss v.ithout
manners, but I reckoned to ask her
some day when I got fixed so's I could
give her a home.. And then— then you
come hrer with your good looks and
your city ways, and your easy way of
talkin' an' turned her head. I ain't
beefin' ahout that — it'3 fair flghtin' if
you're playln' a square game, but are
you?"
Coventry laughed pleasanuy. 'M>
dear man," he said, "make your mind
easy. I've not the slightest notion of
pretending to Miss McRay's hand. I
go back East to-morrow, and in all
probability shall never see the girl
again."
"An' yet you've been right familous
with her sence you've been hyer — rldin*
and walkin* In the buttes, and slttin*
out in the moonlight. There's been
right smart talk."
"I'm not responsible for the talk If
fools choose to make it," said Coven
try impatiently. "I've done nothing
more than I would with any pretty girl
back East."
"No, I reckon not. It's something
hyer I want you to do. It's to answer
a cuestion. What are you goin' to do
about Glory?"
"About Glory? What should I do
about Glory? What do you mean?"
"You know right well what I mean.
Are you go-ing to marry the gal?"
"And may I ask, Mr. Hackett. in my
turn, what affair it is of yours what
I Intend to do or not do." said Coven
try coolly. "Are you Miss McRay's
guardian?"
here, on which Coventry seated himself.
"Fire away," he said, lighting a cigar.
He offered one to his companion, but it
was declined.
The man hesitated for a moment bs
if he found it hard to commence.
"My name is Hackett," he said grave
ly. "Mort Hackett. Maybe you've
heard it?"
Coventry bowed courteously.
"I hear tell," Mort cc-ntlnued, "that
you're Mowing to so back East to-mor
row. Is that a fact?
"Yes," answered Coventry. "Want
me to do something' for you back
there ?••.?/-:'
"Not hyer. It's a little too promis
cuous hyer for vrhat I've got to say.
May'e you wouldn't mind takin* a little
passear outside?"
Coventry rose and followed the man.
and together they strolled down to' the
river's edge. There was a fallen log
(Copyright, 1901, by T. C. McClure.) '
n**~.'** -w-rfrtiTTtj HE firemen's ball 1b
85 CT FBllln eo'ns to be next
C _P> >^M 1 week. and I want
G JKfi 2^G you lo lake me." 1
C«Ef*, (f"viy Thus spoke l»lori-
B i^Lj^" i;n:i McKa - v - wilh a
™ lrw " """¦ " * dewy tenderness in
tilt* depths uf her
dark eyes. plainly tlnmiug her regard
fur her coiupahlna,
Coventry hud intended leaving Yellow
River ut the week's end. but ho hesi
tated.
"All ths boys from tlia ranches are
comln' in to it, und the firemen off the
road," nald Glory persuasively, "it'll be
a mighty uwell raiid»nK«»." She Nlghed
and flanced at Coventry. "I'd sure like
to dance with you onct — Juet to remem
ber," the added, with a fistful ring In
her voice
It would only be a few days longer,
Coventry said to his conscience, and,
betides. It would make good material
for a sketch — this cowboy ball. As for
Glory, "ehe'll forget me in a month or
bo," thought he. "Meanwhile Where's
tht harm in it of a bit of flirtation with
my Western- rose?"
It vetLM to & Jack roee that Coventry
eomparad her on the nleht of the dance.
The excitement and the swift motion
bad gent a warm, rich flush to her
cheek*, the black masses of her hair
were charmingly disordered and her
eyes flashed and sparkled with pleas
ure. She «u a. cool dancer, too. Cov
entry discovered, and even the clumsy,
heavy-footed cowboys who were at in
tervals her partners could not Epoll the
eaay trace of her movements.
There had not been many of them. On
th» tawdry little dance card the initials
J'B. C." occurred very frequently after
the numbers. Not all of them Coventry
had danced. Some he had "sat out" on
the upper porch of the hotel, with the
moonlight silvering the sagebrush and
softening the harsh contours of the dis
tant buttes, and Inclining the heart of
man to tender sentiment.^
Glory never had enjoyed any dance
as she had this, ehe told Coventry
frankly, and her eyes more than said
the same thine, as she swayed and
ewuner to his puldlng beneath the hot
lamps of the hotel dining-room.
It was all rather interesting, Coven
try thought in one of the Intervals
when his partner was dancing with
tome one else, but, on the whole, he
was rather glad he was going to leave
the next day. He had not told Glory
he was going. There was no need
of epolllng her fun. It was best for her
that he went. Perhaps he had paid her
too much attention; she did not realize
the »g"ulf between them, and, besides,
she had been rather too demonstrative
this night. That was one of the diffi
culties of an affair with a woman of
such a simple, unsophisticated nature.
He looked at her critically as she
swirled by, and she returned the look
with a dazzling smile end a softening
of the eyes that Coventry could not
mistake — nor any one else he feared. She
•wag a beautiful woman, of an animal
type, of course, but
Coventry's thoughts were Interrupted
here — tome one had touched h}m on the
shoulder.
It was a tall, fresh-faced, brown
halr*d youne fellow, one of the outfit
from the Three Forks ranch, as Cov
entry knew by name.
"I'd like to speak with you, if so
you don't mind?" said the Man. There
was Just the suggestion of a frown
between his keen cray eyes.
"Certainly." replied Coventry- "Sit
flown."
Mr. Coventry didn't stay for the wed
ding. He went home as he intended the
next day; but In telling his adventures
In the West he says nothing about how
he was used as a stalking horse.
• • •
"It will be all right, old man," he said,
••when I'm gone."
"You're not going away." Mort re
turned quietly. "Leastways not until
you've married Glory."
"Are you crazy?" Coventry cried.
"You made her love you, well now
you're goln" to marry her.**
"But if I won't?"
"Then I'm goln* to kill you."
He said It quite calmly, and before
Coventry realized the words he saw
the moonlight glinting along the barrel
of a revolver.
"Some men," said Mort, "would have
put a bullet Into you when you fust
come hyer foolln' around, but I thought
you was in earnest — an' Glory was
happy."
"Do you mean to say you'rt going to
murder me unless I agree to your crazy
nonsense?",
"I don't know about murder. It ain't
murder to kill a snake. But anyway
I'm going to kill you unless >ou do u
I say. You want to think mighty
quick. I'm goln' to count ten an*
then——"
Coventry knew what would happen
then, and he had an Instant picture of
all that would follow his refusal and a
vivid sense of his folly.
"One— two— three " the words fell
steadily like strokes of a pendulum.
four* — five " There was a rustle of
parting twigs, and Gloriana sprang out
of the willows by the stream edge.
"Don't shoot, Mort!" she cried as she
sprang between the men, and then she
said something which stings Coventry
even to this day when he thinks of it.
"Do you suppose I care for him?" she
cried, pointing disdainfully at Coventry.
"Him!" Again came the accent which
hurt. "It was you I cared for all along,
only you wouldn't speak an' I had to
make you Jealous so you would— only I
didn't think it would come to shootln*.
I want a man— an' I've got him." ,-^>
"Then you don't kcer for her. Then
what you said up there on the - porch
warn't so?"
"Oh, come," Coventry replied. "You
mustn't think that what a man says 'to
a girl in the moonlight te gospel truth.
The moonlight makes him a bit senti
mental." "*¦*¦'.<
"And the gal?*"
"The girl. too. A little flirtation does
no harm, and the next day lt'^ forgot
ten." '¦¦"¦. Y;
"It's forgotten — I see! You've Just
been havin' fun with her then — not
meaning anything — like they do back
whar you come from."
"Exactly."
"An* you're a-goln* back an' leave
h»r after makin" her love you. It maybe
Is all right In your section, but we
don't call it square hyer— not with nice
gals."
"But the girl don't care for me. She
has a passing fancy perhaps, but that's
all."
"Yit she let you kiss her there on ths
porch to-night. I seen her."
Coventry arose angrily. "I'm not ac
customed to have my — " he began, but
Mort interrupted.
."I know you ain't, but you're going to
be. I'll trouble you to sit quiet thar
while I talk. You come hyer an' meet a
gal. She's a nice gal. an' a purty gal.
She ain't never seen a man liken you—
or heerd one. The men she knows ain't
much on dancin' an* scrapln" an' beln*
dressed up. They are Just men — the
men around these yere parts. .
"You know that gal Is fallin' In love
with you more an' more every day. and
yet you stay hyer. When she gives you
what I ain't never even dared to ask
her for; when she cares so much she
ain't carin' who sees it. why you gits
ready to pull your freight for home, and
forgit her offun your mind.
"It's a powerful curious world." Mort
continued with a grjm smile. "It don't'
appear to be put together right some
how. Hyer I am lovin' the very groun*
6he steps on' an' she ain't carin' for ma
any more than for that same ground.
An* she loves you, an* you — "
The man'3 face worked in the moon
light, and Coventry - - genuinely sorry
for him.
THE SAN . FRANCISCO SUNDAY : CALU
TWO FOOLS AND A WOMAN
-By Clinton Daingerfield.
13Because in the development below
man memory does not survive dissolu
tion of the physical form It does not
follow that such will- be the case with
man. Because we can not recollect
when we 'were ' oysters or apes it is
not certain that our sublimer essences
electric magnet wrest from the un
seen grasp of the attraction of gravi
tation the possession of an iron rod?
"He did," was Butler's reply. "He
excused me not only from further at-
that the proportion of one to nineteen
would not only exclude all the students
from salvation, but that* even some of
the professors would be placed on the
fuel pile. I said that I could not hope
to be preferred to a. college professor,
and since I had to go to hell anyhow I
did not wish, on account of having
listened to three sermons a week while
on earth, to be accorded hereafter a
pit ticket" near the boiler. I therefore
respectfully requested to be' excused
from further attendance at chapel."
"Did the president excuse you,.gen
eral?" queried a listener. .
Look Rt him!" The insect: brawling
over the surface of -this particular atom
of the universe which we call the earth
and complacently insisting that the
vast planetary! systems .which are daily
born into space are eo many chemical
experiments for his delectation and
that the nightly round of stars is a
heavenly circus for his umusement. The
v.'orm, wriggling upon the ground, un
able to liv,e but in one element of his
little world. The wild goose, that can
live' in three elements, .is his physical
superior; any.dog can outrun him and
any flea can outjump him. He is un
able even to. gaze at the embers in
ether without blinking, .and yet he
fancies that nature is so enamored of
him as to cease all further efforts at
development;' that the acme has been
reached In him;. that he is perched upon
the pinnacle of creation, when in truth'
he Is but one link in the endless chain
which stretches ; out over the purple
paths of space frc-m the depths of night
to the home of the singing stars.
If man is the. offspring of inferior,
life, why shall he not be in turn the
parent of superior life? The invis
ible, body that d\vells within and rules
this physical body, and goes out of it
ut death: the electric pattern on
which the bioplasms weave nerve and
muscle anil vein and bone and cuticle
—the astral body of the Buddhi3t, the
spiritual body of which Paul speaks,
has indeed no form that the physical
eye can see and no substance that th>s
physical hand can. seize. But why
may not the unseen fingers of
the spiritual body control visible mat
ter even as the unseen fingers of th*
The principle; of evolution does not
sustain the 'doctrine of Ingersoll and
ethers -that the life of a man ceaseo
with the life of his body, for if man
has been evolved from lower forms of
life, who shall say that a higher, form
of life may not be evolved. from man?
The invertebrate dies and the flsh ap
pears; the . fish perishes and the-am
phibious animal appears; he gives way
to the reptile, who is succeeded by
the mammal, and from the mammal la
developed man. But why stop here?
The materialist tells us that our belief
In a future existence is born of our
\*anity; that we consider ourselves of
so much consequence that one life is
not enoush for us. Is it not greater
vanity for man to assume that he is
bo perfect that nature'a great process
of evolution" must stop with him? The
materialist says "Angels? What do
you want with angels? A God? What
do you want with a* God? A higher
order of b"eing than we?" It strjkes me,
my Christian friend, that you are rath
er hard to satisfy. It strikes me that
nature has j done- her level best right .
here.
tendance- at church, but from further
attendance at ..that college."
The late Benjamin T. Butler once re
lated in my hearing an incident of his
student life at an orthodox college.
The rules required every scholar to at
tend upon divine service three times^
every Sunday. "One Monday morn
ing," said Butler. "I sent a letter to
the president of the college, requesting
to be exempted from compliance with
this rule. I recalled the fact to the
president that in his sermon of. the day
before he had stated that probably not
more than one soul in twenty would be
elected for salvation; that the . other
nineteen, in order to . illustrate the
glory of God, must burn forever, and
that their sufferings would be greater
in proportion ¦ as their opportunities
while on earth for religious instruction
were larger. I reminded the pj-esident
~ -•-••¦ - - - -^
' Because our mortal senses cannot
perceive^ the beings "evolved from us
and -Into" which* we merge, shall we
therefore say -that there \ are no such
beings? j Can you see the wind, Vwhich
sometimes whirls forests and villages
in demon waltzes to the music of the
shaking hills? Can yovf see. the elec
trical force which 'saturates earth
and air when a copper wire Is drop
ped into sulphuric acid? Does 'the
flsh in the sea know that there are
animals who walk the earth? Did
anybody ever believe the humorist's
story of the educated oyster who rec
ognized his master's whistle and re
sponded to his caress?
By ''-Keith Gordon.
"SUPPOSE"
Ingersoll held the stage longer than
any of his compeers, because he left
the beaten path and discussed the prob
lem of the ages fearlessly and elo
quently from his own' point of view.
He was not— as has j sometimes been
said — "an infidel for revenue only." He
was an honest apostle of the gospel of
annihilation. He believed in eternal
death as sincerely as Calvin believed
In eternal damnation, and lie roasted
orthodoxy in speech as relentlessly as
Calvin roasted Servetus at the stake.
Ingersoll believed that the dying in
fant passed on forever— never to live
again, save in the grasses and the flow
ers. Calvin believed that God snatched
the smiling child from its mother's
arms only to hurl its predestined baby
soul into an abyss of unending torture.
Ingersoll denied the existence of a
personal god, or of" a prearranged fate
for man. Calvin asserted that, there
was an individual creator, whose de
light was to call into existence millions
of souls, whom . in the hour cf their
birth he foredoomed to eternal flames.
Both Calvin and Ingersoll were honest
in their beliefs and both were wrong.
Calvinism has not helped Christian
ity. Our human sense of Justice is
shocked by the doctrine of salvation by
selection of a few and eternal torture
of the many.
Whatever the reason may be the fact
is patent that the voices which of old
could stir the blood of listeners as with
the blare of trumpets and tingle their
eyelids to tears have gone into the
great silence, and their successors come
not, for commercialism has discouraged
the orator and driven him from the
path along which, high ambition once
pointed the way to fame.
ern Pretorian Guards who sell Senator
ships as their prototypes sold the im
perial purple — for so much gold counted
down upon the drumheads.
The press has also been a potent in
strumentality in procuring the passing
of the orator, for people do not care to
be Jostled in a crowd when they can
read the speeches next morning while
comfortably seated at the breakfast
table. • - >V ¦' ¦'" ''¦'¦¦
This is due in part to the fact that
?he great, burning, living issues of
forty years ago have passed away, and
forests grow above the graves of those
who perished amid the chock of arms
in order to secure freedom to the slave
and life to the nation. An eloquent
speech is as much the child of the oc
casion as of the orator, and the eco
nomic questions of this day call rather
for logical reasoning than for passion
ate appeal. The inexorable laws of de
mand and supply affect oratory as well
as more material commodities. G- old
the ambitious youth studied to become
an^Grator. in the hope that by his elo
quence he might achieve a seat in the
legislative haiL Now he plots to be
come a millionaire, for he knows full
well that the surest way to obtain the
toga is not to earn, it by cultivating
mental powers to be devoted to public
service, but to buy it from the bosses
¦uho lead the ward heelers— those mod-
The art of which he was a great mas
ter is passing away. There are few, if
any, public speakers in this country
to-day who hold the same rank in pub
lic estimation and influence as orators
that was held by Clay and Webster
and Prentiss and Phillips and Sumner
and Yancey and Beecher and Chapln
and Baker and Starr-King In the times
in which they lived.
orator in the land. The
Christian world is of the opinion that
he misused his great powers, but few
¦will deny him their possession. He
was full of virile, aggressive, original
thoughts, which he clothed in graphic,
forceful and beautiful language. He
was an artist in choosing, grouping
and shading words. He was an ad
mirable elocutionist and a great actor.
He knew how-to rub the smell of the
lamp from a written speech and how to
memorize it so perfectly as to divest it
of all appearance of being the off
spring of preparation. He knew how
to mingle pathos with humor, philoso
phy with passion and analytical logio
with stinging invective.
WHEN* Robert G. Ingersoll
passed out of this life he was
the greatest English speaking
CBpyrtrht. 1903. by Thomas Fitch.
against futil* air. Whit Is m&moryf
•It Is a picture gallery of the brata.
th« photographs In which are I^ti+it
by "the light that never anon* on ee* or
shore," and sensitized by the> essential
bromides of thought and reeling arialnj
from the soul of man. What la con
sciousness? It is the pulse of Qod—
the telephone answering: back the story
of the eternities. What Is cossdenoe?
It Is a tollhouse on the way to Justi
fication, a reminder that we are an
swerable to a law. What la will? It
Is a helmsman self -constituted who yet
b teens with his eye forever fixed on
the polar star of destiny. What are
Intuitions?
'And are not aspirations, and Intui
tions, and will, and conscience, and
consciousness, and memory, and hope,
and fear, each as real and as answer
able as a mathematical problem? And
yet which of these conditions — the
most common to humanity — finds its
type or its predicate In matter? Can
you put a padlock upon hope? or re
solve fear by the use of adds? Can
you tie up in a pocket handkerchief the
promises and the prophecies and the
presentiments, which at one time or an
other fall Into every life?
Is there no longer any Ingersoll? Has
that mighty intellect, which fed upon
both the visible and the occult, which
gathered wisdom alike from the leaves
of books and the lips of humanity,
which drew inspiration from the wash
of seas, and the blaze of suns, and the
glitter of stars, which voiced its knowl
edge with a sorcery that swayed the
minds and souls of men, and carried
them from earth to heaven with the
passion of its entrancing music— is that
mighty intellect no more? Has it gone
out like the flame of a candle? Had it
no existence separate from the once
pulsing but now vanished mass of
fibers, and nerves and veins which con
tained it? -^ 'j
Often and again in the olden golden
days Ingersoll and I have discussed the
hereafter, and though we differed ut
terly we were always friends. In the
midst of ologie3 and isms I am still
dwelling— in the darkness, still groping
and hoping for the light, while he has
learned It all. Maybe (he has now as
certained that his earthly vision was
distorted by his surroundings, and that
Moses was^not the only one who mad*'
mis takes. .
will not recollect when they were men.
Unless conditions are similar and Im
mutable it cannot be certainly said
how far any existence may remember
its previous existence, and the law of
evolution is the law of change. No
message has ever been brought from
the realms of ether saying that our
diviner selves leave their memories at
the portals of the tomb, and it may well
be claimed that man is that link in
the chain of existence where the ex
periences of the previous life pass the
, ordeal of physical dissolution and ac
companies the new life Into Its now con
ditions; that man Is that link in the
chain of existences where the mental
life, the spiritual life, the conscious
ness of existence leaves its envelopment,
its body, Its late habitation to dissolve
into gases the while it sails i wander
ing but not forgetting into the dawn.
Surely there is no conflict between
science and religion with respect to the
after , life, but rightly considered each
fits the other closely and harmoniously
and It really requires less credulity to
believe that we shall live consciously
• hereafter than to believe we have lived
consciously heretofore.
. It is the vexed' and disappointed spirit
that accepts , the doctrine of annihila
tion. It is the man that "fears his
/fate too much*' and who knows "that
his deserts are small" who lays hold
on annihilation. It is the sensualist
who seeks for his gospel In. the puerili
ties of science and finds nothing that
can satisfy at last.
.When -a man dies -we are able to re
produce his life and actions through
the process of mental reckoning, which
we call, memory. Can it be logically
claimed that the originating power goes
into nothingness? Is It In the economy
of the universe that any power is irre
trievably "lost? Does not every force
find form and energy in some of the
processes of nature and its laws? If
it be true that God ceometrlzes, Is it
not also true' that he dips his pen in
infinitude to write the . answer?
Take .the human faculties and at
tributes and find me in all the lexicons
of bioplasm a formula to account for
their origin ! or define their essence.
What, Is hope? It is the rustle of the
wings of ,; futurity against the walls
of our prison house. What Is fear? It
is only a retroactive condition without;
which hope should beat its wines
One of the musicians trailed his hand
over the keys of the.piano and at the
sound the violinists adjusted their in
struments with affectionate care. \ The
men at the bass viol, 'cello and flute
stood at attention and in another mo
ment the music began again.
It seemed to roll through the place in
waves, the thin edges of which went
curling through the open doors and out
into the darkness of the street, where
the passers-by slackened their steps to
listen. The half dozen persons who sat.
in the balcony listening succumbed
even more completely to its charm".
"Lovers — lovers everywhere!" mur
mured Agnes Jennings mirthfully, as
her gaze wandered idly over the scene*
before her. Her companion's answering
smile was somewhat abstracted. While
she 'had been watching the others he
had been watching her. It was a habit
he had acquired, and it was particular
ly in moments like this, when her head
was thrown back against the chair, her
eyes were touched with dreaminess and
the shadowy smile was quivering on
her lips.
. There were, indeed, two absorbed
couples near them, and Richardson
obediently pretended to be interested in
them. Of the older pair, the man was
of the stout, flushed, prosperous type
so common in our cities. ; "I'm as good
as you are" was written \ in every line
of his face.
But as he gazed at the woman beside
him, who was oppressively pink of
cheek, bright of eye and black of hair—
you saw that" he made one exception.
For the moment he was an idealist
and she was his ideal! In some clumsy,
speechless way he 'showed that he felt
that he wasn't so good as she— that he
aspired— that he loved!
"He has forgotten that he's the suc
cessful Tim O'Donohue," remarked
Richardson laughingly. "He has for
gotten how he started with a pick-ax
and spade and now wears a diamond in
his shirt front— he has forgotten every
thing but her." y
He finished the sentence as if he were
speaking to himself, and his compan
ion paid him the tribute of a lingering
glance in which | a question mark was
barely perceptible. Then she returned
to her derisive contemplation of the
lovers once more.
"They certainly are naive," was her
next ; comment, as with • droll smile
she watched the other couple— a slen
der girl with sweet blue eyes and a
lordly youth with a reassuring breadth
of shoulder and crisp dark hair. The
blue eyes were gazing 'up at him as if
he were a godling, as in fact he looked:
"The cunning /-.Ings!" ejaculated
Miss Jennings ¦ softly, as the youth's
hand gently touched the girl's as it lay
on the arm of the chair.- "S-h-h,*, don't
move!" she cautioned, as Richardson
shifted his position' to get « a' t better
glance of them.' "You'ir attract' their
attention, and then they' will 1 sit' up
stiff and straight and 'talk of the weath
er!" • •,;¦-¦ - - ' ' ¦-¦J':-^~
, |||| ||t „ HE saffron radiance
>j.i u amt in j oC tne electric lights,
R§ PHI that bloomed as yel
rjrjra reSff? Iow rosebuds on the
*^"S tCra walls, flooded the
BlHu balcony. Here and
y^^-^Lryj there a lamp with a
red shade glowed like
a carbuncle. From the palmroom be
low the aroma of black coffee greeted
the nostrils delicately.. "
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C.McClure.)
and much more that I can think of to
you, here and now, _to the accompani
ment of this bewitching music, could
you sit and listen unmoved? Wouldn't
there be some change in your expres
sion — and In mine — by which a curious
person who was looking on might dis
cover what all the world loves? And—
would we care very much?"
He was leaning forward, his • strong,
muscular hands clasped loosely before
him, a whimsical smile on his lips.
"With a thrill of triumph he saw that
she was not listening unmo'ved even to
the supposition.' .But she kept a bold
front."
"Do I seem to be melting?" she in
quired with a touch of defiance which
comported ill 'with the tumultuous
beating/of her heart and a most an
noying feeling of tremulousness about
the lips. It was too absurd. . But at
least he should not know how embar
rassed she was.
Then-he proceeded calmly with his
odious suppositions. '
"But that was not all. Suppose that
I should tell you that though I love
you as . a - man" can love but once,
though you are to me the scent of the
roses, the sweetness of music, the dear
est Joy of life, I am honor bound to
another. Would there be anything to
show that you cared?"
Slowly the color faded from her face.
She realized it, but she could not help
it, for she felt still and cold and mo
tionless. Then, almost piteously, her
eyes sought his. Triumph and glad
ness were visible there. His look was
a caress. The place— the music— the
people momentarily vanished from her
consciousness. She felt as if they were
alone In the world— a fuller, happier
world than she had even before
dreamed of.
His ; low, pleased, tantalizing laugh
recalled her. Her cheeks went scar
let arid her eyes blazed.
"Agnes ! Agnes ! " he admonished, us
ing her first name without a sign of
apology, precisely as if he intended
using it always fn the future. "Beware,
my dear girl. If those others," nod
ding toward the couples whom she had
so lately criticized, "were less absorbed
in their own affairs I 'am afraid they
would be 'justified', In thinking that we
are having a lovers' quarrel:"
"You wretch." she said at; last. It
really seemed the only thing to do— to
smile and make the best of it. Then
her glance strayed to' the others/ It
was a trifle more sympathetic than be
fore. O'Donohue, as they had named
him, sat silent, uncomfortable— happy.
The godling and the blue-eyed girl were
talking, but were perhaps saying more
with their eyes than with their lips.
"Might I have the honor of your at
tention?" pleaded Richardson's voice
meekly. • . .
She turned toward hlrnJi trying hard
to look serious, but the corners of her
. mouth wavered. £
"Suppose," the voice was a bit breath
less, "suppose I were to tell you that
the first part was true — terribly true—
the part about my caring' for you?" he
questioned. "TJie rest, of course, was
nonsense."
Little waves of, color swept over her
face and disappeared in the duskiness
of her hair. s She gave him one quick
glance , and -* her lids '! covered . her eyes
and shut out their message. .'
In the convenient shadow of the chair
his " big brown , hand 'closed over hers
with a touch— gentle, firm, supreme.
¦ ;¦"•" There werethree pairs of lovers— but
alas ! no audjence. . ;
Apparently they -were oblivious to the
people "about them as well *' as to the
laughing scrutiny turned upon them, as
they sat gazing blissfully into each oth
er's eyes. .
"Now, what do you suppose they see
there?" drawled Richardson, going
back to his interrupted contemplation
of Agnes' profile. She laughed lightly.
"Everything floating in a rose colored
mist. Nothing: but joy, joy, Joy! In
visible music — and always 'themselves
together, and happy," she hazarded.
"It's a bit cruel to think how different
ltwillreally be, isn't it?"
As she turned toward him with a look
grown pensive Richardson was filled
with a sudden optimism.
•'it'- may come true. You can't tell!"
•There was something vaguely sug
gestive in his tone, and Miss Jennings
looked "again. She was half inclined to
believe — but no! s
The music stopped. The youth's dark
head was hent toward the girl, and he
was murmuring to her in - low, muffled
tones. The man whos- appearance
suggested contracts shrewdlr and prof
itably carried through was making a
palpable effort to say something that
.was determined not to be said. He
shifted in his chair, and the red of his
face grew darker, while his companion
chatted composedly — too composedly,
Richardson thought, as his speculative
glance came home to^the lady at his
side. " '. "\ ¦-.¦; : "¦"-"; •->¦¦-¦
"Isn't it odd?" said she, breaking the
silence, "that they are so unconscious?
They don't seem to notice us— to think
tha,t perhaps we are watching them.
Fancy forgetting everything like that!"
Her listener's eyes seemed to be re
duced to mere points. He felt ' oddly,
nettled at her words, and as quick as a
flash decided to make an experiment.
Was she really so cold and impersonal
as she seemed? ¦ Well, ''it " was decreed
that he should find out some time, and
this was perhaps as good a time; as
any. * . : ' ; .
"My .dear girl," he began in a fath
erly tone, "It Is only in the shallowBi
that one thinks of the opinion of the
public. Don't you know that In the
real, moments of- life— the moments
that mean something— one cares as lit
tle about the public as about the leaves
onthetrees? 'Don't you know that it
must be so?"
She opened her lips to -protest, but
he gave her no chance; to speak.
"Now put yourself in the place of
these people here. Suppose," he man
aged to fling a word of teasing sar
casm into his words, "suppose, for in
stance, that I— here and now— should
tell you that I love you; that I've loved
you since the day we met for the first
time;, that I cannot and will not live
without ; you; that——"
He stopped abruptly in order to take
a fresh ; i start. Something— urgent,
earnest, appealing— had crowded the
mockery out of his voice. It had the
ring ; of appeal. It sounded far too
much In earnest. He called the mock
ery to his aid' once more and- resumed:
"What if ¦ I should, tell you that I
would; rather have your love than the
power of a king or the wealth of a
Croesus?Y/That' I r should count it fine
and •wonderful beyond all imagining, a
[moment < to ' die > for— if i could;read-in
iyour eyes that you love me, that some
: day you will be my wife.":
His voice had become provokingly
husky. It was a full second before he
could recover • his vein • of - light 1 rail
'lery.'. ._• •..-_¦¦•¦ •¦. ' \. -. .; ¦
¦ "Suppose than I should say . all this
THE --.'SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL;
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS
OF THOMAS FITCH.
14surrounded by his troops, the Emperor
has undoubtedly a very imposing- ap
pearance. His is a carriage of uncon
scious superiority over other poor
mortals, which is quite refreshing af
ter brushing up against the superior
ity of the conscious order, but the mo
ment he walks he loses much of his
dignity. His education, in a western
as did the similar demonstrations which
I witnessed in Japan at the conclusion
of the war with China, r . :> . ¦ r
As with us, those who had died in
battle as well as those who had fallen
victims to themany diseases which in
variably follow . upon an army's ; trail,
were brought back to the Island Em
pire—"that their souls may the better
with memorials of the dead, some of
fering the little mochi cakes to the
shrine, others money, which was also
welcome, and, I hope, well used for the
benefit of those who were dear to the
fallen, whose lot Is, I doubt not. deso
late, too, as- in other lands ' when the
first fever of popular appreciation is
over.
At the temple only the families of
those who had fallen in battle were ad
mitted to the shrine, but these luckless
honored ones were surrounded by
flocks of obsequious priests wearing
their beautiful robes of; oranire yellow
silk, and their quaint old-fashioned
Korean hats. And so it. went on from
early morning until late at night. Com
pany after*company of troops, of horse,
foot and artillery, came iweeoinK by
the Kudan Hill and then were marched,
up In fours to salute the sacred shrine
devoted to the ashes and the souls of
the war herops. ',
Outside there was fencing in the bid
style, and story-tellers telllnts old tales
of- old Japan to strengthen men's souls.
The ' Emperor had been the very first
to visit the shrine to the fallen brave.
but»by a very remarkable instance of
tact on the part of thousands and hun
dreds of thousands of .people, they had
all absented themselves at. the hour oi
the Imperial visit, so that there, where
¦we saw a sea of humanity not at all
kindly disposed to .the intrusive for
eigners, there had been empty space
and room enough for the Emperor to
say his prayers and hurry off without
incurring the danger of any one look
lac down on him.
ships of the squadron outside.-
Then the spirit of the Sacred Samu
rai, which .is that of patriotic self-sac
rifice, spoke in the breast of a young
ensign of the fleet. He announced that
he had invented a new. attachment
which would hold i, the; explosive in
place,' and all ' he asked of the admiral
was permission to go in the following
evening and all would be well. This
permission: and a picked crew - were
given and not a word was breathed in
regard to the "new. attachment" until
in the dark of. ; the wintry night .the
overhanging shadow of j the v boom was
seen. Then the little ensign had his
say* to the^warrant • officers who. sur
rounded him and had been instructed
to obey his; orders implicitly. • ¦
j "No mechanical^ contrivance was re
liable," -he said;* "and trust In them
had ¦ led ' to th* failure of the previous
attempts to destroy the boom. -
: "But a son of Japan would hold with
his hands the bomb in place, there
' would j be no trust ; in , any : contrivance
however cunning— a son of Japan could
not- fail.". ., • v : „¦; ;.:-v J '^ ./.;\" -." :
¦ The sailors understood,; andjBbrrow
tully.. did as they.ywere; bidden. : In a
' few moments they left their- officer
alone ¦ to ' his glorious fate,' tied to ; the
end of tbe boom with hia bomb in his
hand. < A few moments and the terrific
explosion . took \ place, which rent the
boom asunder and opened the entrance
to ; the beleaguered harbor. The ( next
day, when Wel-Hai-Wel: capitulated the
same honors which': were paid to ¦ tbe
rebellion, were duly honored, ana now
in their hour of triumph came the
heroes of the 1 war with China.
The hilltop was . crowned by the
largest banner of Japan I have ever
seen; it was as large as the mainsail
of the : largest schooner, and fortu
nately, there was enough wind to keep
it right nobly floating on the breeze.
Trailing in the dust before this mam
moth standard lay the dingy little bat
tleflaga of the Chinese, and all about
were piled up the weapons of the con
quered, the spoils of successful battle.
What curious booty it" was! There
were the lances of Manchurian cav
alry,, their double > - barreled gingals
mixed up with repeating rifles and
Gatling guns, with a fringe of bows
and arrows "to complete the Incon
gruity of 'the scene. •
v On an esplanade, under the flagstaff
hill there were rows upon rows of
booths in which were seated family
groups . of . country : folk, the honored
survivors of the fallen, who had come
Into the city to be guests of. the nation
for a few days and breathe in the
fragrance of honor and veneration
which was paid them on all-sides.
Upon the humble booths which housed
the honored , families there were lit
tle inscriptions of but a few words
each telling the deed of daring and
tho name of the man. who,, under the
sanction of tho Emperor, the Board of
Rites had decreed should be honored
here.
And all day long the thousands
passed along the path of honor, strewn
admiral of the Chinese, . who . had
chosen^ death self-inflicted, rather than
the degradation of surrender, were
paid to the little ensignwho had died
so bravely." Some fragments of his
body were < found .floating on the"
stormy waters, and they were sent
back to Japan, lying In state upon th«
quarterdeck *ol !a great cruiser. ' '
j .Wherithe beautiful shor.es of the in-'
land sea. came in sight th<^e were two
vessels awaiting this sad homecoming.
and for the-flrst'time ln;the. history. of
the House of Japan, the Emperor
yielded precedence to another, and, that
one a subject- Wherf the father had
prayed by the bier of his- gallant; son
for a . minute - or two, : ,- the - '* Emperor.
Joined him, draped ; the .coffln ; with" the
rising sun banner, and .when he .walked
away, it was seen that he ! was 'visibly
affected, .while i the ; face ; of : the '. father
was radiant -with 'smiles, though I
dare say there/was Ta sorrow gnawing
at his -heart; strings which neither
time nor honors will assuage.
• The ' fete '' of. ; victory and ; thanksgiv
ing .which was -celebrated throughout
the^ island - empire" fell; upon /All Souls'
day. and I witnessed the ceremonies in
Tokio upon; the Kudan Hill;* which is
the Japanese -Field' of : Mars. *•> The
great Shinto temple there is called Yu
Kuni, : and \ was ¦ erected 1 after and in
honor of the restoration of the Hoe of
the-* Sun ,. Goddess,; .'"which, as all
should* know, took" place /fn 1868.
Here the \ dead iwho ¦ fell ,in the early
expedition to Formosa, those who idled
faithful ito] the : Mikado ] in the Satsuma
ing either the court or the classic lan
guage, and Sir Ernest Satow, the
British Minister, and one of the great
est of Japanese scholars, stood near
me and seemed to be drinking it all
in. I would later ask him to tell me
what were the words that had fallen
from the. Imperial lips.
At the conclusion of his address the
Emperor bowed, and then every one
bowed, the peers much lower than Uie
commoners; and as for Hoshi Yoru,
the great radical, since assassinated,
he hardly nodded. Then the Emper
or withdrew, and perhaps the only
survival of the East in the transplant
ed performance ;"wa.s the circumstance
that, as the members of the Cabinet
and the Privy Council followed him,
they stopped for a moment to make
low obeisance before the august and
honorable chair in wlycli the Lord of
Ten Thousand Years had sat. ;
And now, what the Emperor really
did say we never knew until the news
papers were published, which in
Japan is not immediately after the
event, because Sir Ernest, the great
Japanese scholar, admitted with evi
dent sincerity that there were so many
imperialisms and honoriiics in the Em
peror's discourse that the only word3
he seized beyond the peradventure of
a doubt was '»Chosen."
"It was something about Korea;
that is all I could vouch for," was the
modest explanation of the British
Minister. And so we had to wait for
the papers, and they had to wait for
their interpreters to summon courage
to attack so august a morsel as a
speech from the throne. After all,
it was only "something about Korea."
But what it was no one 'could make
out, and this haze and vagueness is
a specialty of the situation to-day as it
was yesterday.
Out on. the review ground the Em
peror is more animated and undoubted
ly more amiable. It is certain- that he
likes his soldiers bettei 1 than he does
his politicians, especially those unruly
fellows of the lower house, who only
three weeks ago had the audacity to
pass a vote of censure upon the Im
perial Ministry — which, in view of the
fact that under the German constitu
tion .-that Marquis Ito borrowed from
Bismarck, the Ministry is the choice of
and only responsible to the Emperor—
was a reflection upon the very throne
..jrhjch the .fathers. of.ihese darlne radi
cals would never have presumed to'ad-<
dress, much less censure. Whether for
weal or woe, it is certain that the po
litical schoolmaster is abroad in Japan,
and, that future Mikados are not likely
to be permitted to, pursue their time
honored course — : the way of the gods
and the demi-gods — without some ex
ceedingly annoying interruptions.
On the parade ground, however, the
Emperor is surrounded Uy his generals
of the Cho-Shu clan and his old-time
statesmen. Fuch as Ito and Inouye, the
great medal men, as they are called in
Japan, or the elder statesmen, who still
have great power over the Emperor's*
mind and through him over the desti
r.les of the empire, though they do not
stnnd so well with the voters as they
did. - •>»
Generally the Emperor comes to the
parade in a carnage which Is sug
gestive of Coburs, or Gotha. or any
prim little German residence city you
please, and remains in his tent when
the troops march by; but I have seen
him trallop — to be precise, amble — over
the field on a well domesticated Aus
tralian horse and also view the march
past from the saddle: but this was an
unusual treat.
When you con«;der that horseman
ship is the mortal v.^nkness of the
Japanese and th-it t'.if Emperor's phy
sical education began at 16 yqars of
age. when h? was permitted to walk,
perhaps the first Emp?ror of Japan
for five hundred years who acquired
the art of foot ex«*rcls«. it Js probably
just us well that h? should not Intrust
himself and the enlightened peace era
to the saddle any oftcner than is abso
lutely necessary.
At all times, and especially when
By Stephen Bonsai.
THE attitude of the peace-loving
Czar, father of the Hague Tri
bunal, in the Far Eastern im
broglio has been no mystery to
those who follow world politics or
even read the papers. The vari
ous switchings which from time to
time the Czar has in the last few
months administered to the more ex
travagant members of the war party in
Russia have been given almost publicly.
Now the Emperor of Japan, the mys
terious Mikado, in dismissing with but
scant courtesy a warlike and almost
rebellious Parliament, has in his turn
given valiant testimony to his desire
lor peace. Surely, if war ensues it will
be because the people have willed it and
not because, as in the olden days, their
rulers goaded them into hostilities.
Despite the fact that the Emperor no
longer lives shrouded in the dim. re
ligious light of the Kyoto palace, and
that the Japanese believe his mode of
life to be the came as that of any other
constitutional monarch, his public ap
pearances are few and far between. He
is to be seen by the ruling classes of
the empire and the diplomatic corps
at the spring and fall cherry blossom
and chrysanthemum garden parties: at
the opening-of the Diet, and once or
twice a year when he drives out to the
Aoyama plain to review the troops. For
the rest of the time he remains seclud
ed in the precincts of the palace
grounds and buildings, which are. after
all. rpaclous enough for more rovinsr
tastes than his. The Vatican and its
gardens and the monotonous courts of
the Peking forbidden city coujd be
placed therein and there "wonld still be
room for Central Park, and aulte com
fortably, too.
The Emperor is tall for a Japanese,
about five feet seven in height, and
rather heavily built. He. looks older
than his years, which are 52. .His beard
Is long, rather than full, and he has
the same coarse black hair which all
his subjects have, and. happily for
them, rarely lose, however lone thev
may live. His eyes are coal black and
of a rare brightness when interested,
but generally 'their expression Is dull
and heavy. Some declare that the Mi
kado of the MeJJi. or "enlierhtened
peace," era is the most remarkable
man of the age, and others that he is
but little- removed from an idiot.--Th«
truth. as usual, lies somewhere between
the extremes advanced. In my opinion
there are r.ot more than three or four
men living, including the Marauis Ito.
who have had the necessary inter
course with their monarch upon which
to base an estimate of his -ability and
character, and these, the "great medal"
statesmen, as i they are called, whose
intimate acquaintance dates back to the
Ftormy days of th» revolution, wou'd
be very careful before they cave pub
licity to any opinoin they migrht have.
Indeed, in view of the veneration
which has been bred in their fiesh for a
thousand years. I should judge them
quite Incapable of taking the same
careful estimate of their god-descended
ruler as they would of an ordinary mor
tal.
It 5k within reason, however, .to sav
that, judged by the handicaps to which
he was born, and giving to him the
credit for the advance and development
of Japan during his reign, the present
Emperor, Mutsu-Hito, has certainly
achieved more than any other ruler of
men enthroned to-dav.
Several years apo, from the diplo
matic loge, I raw the Emperor open the
Diet at a time when Korea and Man
churia promised war as darkly as they
do now. It wr.s a beautiful sunny day
In D"rerrb°r when we drove to the
houses of Parliament through streets
which wore a normal .appearance,
thoueh, as I have ?sid. it is by no
means ev<=ry day that the Mikado
emerges from behind his nossjrown,
moated walls and mixes, in a sense",
with the people of his modern latter
dar capital Thpse reremonl*?? ?hvays
take place in the Chamber of P.^ers,
end. as on this occasion, the Emperor
Is generally late. This was a Fource of
annoyance to several of the foreign rep
resentatives who had hurried to the
function after but a light breakfast, but
to me. fortified by an American break
fast, it srave an added zest to the occa
eion. It was nieasant to meet a mon
arch, though at somewhat long range
who was not regulated by the clock or
compelled. to practice that punctuality
which Is the politeness of scheduled
western princes.
Whlle we awaited the coming of the
M.kado we were not admitted into the
Chamber of Peers, but were crowded
into little drawing-rooms that were not
the more cheerful from the fact that all
the curtains were nailed down. This
was done, we understood, though not
rrom an official eouree. so that no one
could, should he so far forget him«elf
rive his curiosity rein and look down
from above on the august descendant of
a hundred Emperors, and perhaps a few
V~°IS. T re - After the Emperor had en
?«** lh V buJ!di n*. however, we were in
troduo.d into the loges overlooking the
Chamber of p^rs. which was cleared
?JL cha:rs and desks to make room for
KfZ " bcrs of lhe lowtr Camber.
At lalt ih» Wlnter#s corning.
dre£ an? if? manuscrl Pt of his ad
cress, and. after another slight bow
he began to read it in perhaps tJe
most remarkable voice I hive ever
1 "? 118 fr ? m a human threat, un
certain In volume and falsetto In
The only word I understood was the
S^*^ r h epet!tlon of word •%£:
en. .which means Korea; but this did
n°L surprise me. jny Japanese not be-
sense, and apart from the Shinto
learning and the Buddhist philosophy
which he Imbibed ait an early age, may
have been' perfected, as some say,
after he»cameiof age, but walking is
evidently not one of 'the accomplish
ments which can be acquired late in
'life. - ¦
There. is no spring to the Emperor's
step; his knees are stiff .'and the whole
exercise is awkward and evidently dis
tasteful to h!m. I have'heard some
westernized Japanese say — and I be
lieve withi truth — that the Emperor's
walk is the last reminder of the tyran T
ny of the Tycoons, which was over
thrown in 1868. ;
"It is quite common to read 'of this
or that statesman, native or. foreign,
having a tfleasant chat with the Em
peror, and these accounts give" quite a
misleading idea of what thaJc inter
views are, or were until a few months
ago. •-.-._
I have been present many times when
the Emperor was speaking to Field
Marshal Tamagata. the head of the
army; to Admiral Ito, the saigo of the
navy; to Marquis Ito or Count Inouye.
two men who are supposed to enjoy his
confidence in an extraordinary degree,
and I never ence saw him speak to them
directly, but always indirectly through
one ct the officials of his household.
Perhaps this hedge us not maintained
in private, but it is still very apparent
in public. No one can chat with the
Emperor; he can* only communicate
with him through the medium of a
third exalted person. , - - m
It is known that th'e Emperor is fond
of ancient Shinto books and that he is
an amateur of sword making, accord-
Ing to the old mysterious methods
which nroduced blades in comparison
with which Toledan steej.*is brittle; all
else about his tastes and occupations is
shrouded in the reserve that he still
survives in the palace. ;
I am aware, to my shame, that the
question s,till remains unanswered 'in
what light the* Japanese regard their
ruler. * It is akin to~ the respectful, al
most awe-stricken, which the Russian
has for the great white Czar, but it is
different, certainly, sui generis. I have
at various times asked, and I am afraid
importuned. Japanese of all ranks to
tell me what It is, and the best answer
I ever received was from General Fu
kushima, who knows Europe and the
western world well. . ,
"What we feej for the Emperor," he
said, "is a sentiment which only, a
Japanese can feel, and which certainly
no Japanese can explain."
I should add that he is apparently re
garded as a perfected ancestor, a -god
and a hereditary leader — a link between
this and the past generations, perhaps
between this worldl and the place of
spirits. This need fiardly add to the
confuslcn of General Fukushima's defi
nition.
I once saw the comparative methods
of American and. Japanese patriotism,
as represented by an American marine
recruit from Seattle and an engineering
student from Osaka, settled upon the
forward deck of a Pacific Mail steamer
-^-settled in a way which was very sat
isfactory to our arms. But I .confess
our . peace . festivals after the Spanish
war did not appeal to me quite as much
defend it against future enemies" were,
as I 'remember them, the words of the
Imperial, rescript. ¦ -A curious custom I
noticed— whlch^has recently been fol
lowed in. England, where Lqrd Roberts
has been empowered \b .wear his son's
Victoria Cross a^ well as his own— was
the decoration i of the fathers of thoaa
soldiers who had- distinguished them
selves by their -gAlIantry. but had not
survived the battle. '. '¦•''<
The Emperor' with his own hand dec
orated the \ father of itte young recruit
who in a critical'moment of the attack
on Port Arthur Ihad^ made a breach in
the stubbornly defended 'gate, by means
of • a dynamite.fstlck j by which- he . was*
also blown to pieces.; This -patriotic lad
was.of the coolie class arid not of th»
fighting strain of the Sajnural.
. The hero of We.i-HaSWei, however,
was a '•Sacred Samurai/'- as the saying
Is in- Japan, of the^nghting caste, and
the honor that, was shown to his ashes
was '.greater, though- certainly, not
greater, than he deserved./ In the mid
night attack on the then Gibraltar of
Chinese power the unenviable post of
the forlorn hope was naturally given
to the fleet of torpedo boat destroyers.
Behind a great . boom crouched the
crippled Chinese ships that had escaped
from the Yalli fight Until they were
sunk or utterly destroyed, there was no
security for the Japanese armies so far
from their base across the seas. Every
encouragement had been offered by Ad
miral Ito and the 'ranking officer to»
their yung men \ to batter down the'
barrier, but without success — the
weather, a northeast storm that swept
the Gulf of Chili. :was -helping: the de
fenders ai.J the snow and Ice began at"
last to depress the spirits and the cour
age of the hardy islanders.-.
In -the teeth of . adverse -wind and
weather and under a concentrated fire
from the forts and the shipping, sev
eral torpedo boats had advanced
through the cannonade and attached
explosives to the barrier, but all to no
purpose. Whsn day came it was seen
that the bcom survived and that the
fugitive Chinese lleet was still safe
guarded from the attach of the larger
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY % CAHl
MUTSU VITO
JAPAN'S
MAN
OF THE
HOUR
15*1 V -UKRAH. children:. There is a full list or One Hundred and Fifty ClCTcr Puzzle Winners this week.
' v LJ Is joi:r naniconc of tlicm? Jf il^ls.not It ought to be. And In order to prove that statement the
Pj Puzzle iKdltor Is providing you with a. hrantl new list of books to choose from this week. Isn't that
t y-/awv& than jolly? : Why, it is positively exciting. Jnst look over that Itet and see how many there
! nrc. ; there that you have not read, and then you will need no fnrther urging to cause you to begin
» 'work'. wttli^ feverish haste to >vln one of them. Tljoy are yours for the effort, so don't waste time. For,
V Vc'uieniucr, ) there:- never was anything more fascinating in all the West than these puzzle contests, not
¦¦\i''onl,v because you get 'a beautiful book or a box of paints if you win, bnt because you have all the fnn of
soli Ing the! | puzzles anh; then having your picture published to the gallery of honorable mention. Isn't
Uiat fine?. Indeed It Is. / / ;^"y^i
. ; And think what splendid reward. Did yon see the full page of photographs of puzzle winners
last Sunday? Have you looked at the' full ' pnge !^of photographs of puzzle winners this Sunday? Are you
" among/ Uieni?. Well, if you are uot you should Jbc, so t>c wide awake. Now Is your chance for a prize and
.. the honor of winning It. ,-!" '^Vy . " *
;: ; - And iiere is another tii Ing* that the Puzzle Editor wants to speak of. Please don't send In any tin*
l.vjie pictures or proofs that are,Vu'ntoncd — which means . that they will fade as soon as they are exposed
¦ to the Mia, and don't'. forget to 'write" your name and address on the back of each and every photograph.
'"."/Ana" by all means ,be^ sure that you-are'a- prize winner before you send in any picture at all.
' ' 'Now remember *th'ls': -Vo'ii /'will air ha ve a chance not only to win one of those 150 prizes, but set your
picture^^ "published jAft^wcli..- The' p'uzzle Editor, wants [a\\ the prize winners from now on to send in their
pictui-cs^-tiie ""wh«let-iiOi every; weelc if possible. Begui right now. Don't wait. TBe more the merrier.
-v'Tlicre win't'bc-tWnwnjV, But renicmlwr only the prize winners can have their pictures published.
: Eaeii'or thc^J^inc, {Pictures in this. ' the Sixth contest of the Sixth Series, represents a different rank
,. in the Ariny-i|6d_Xa > v>-.-. Can you guess? j.^'Ah! "There Is a rich reward for you If you can. s
Aiid:no| Usten cajiyfully: T11ERE AllE ONE HUNDRED AXD FIFTY PRIZES, and this Is what
you must do to win one of;them: ¦¦;¦'[
\ .'Find : tl$: names. oTfNuie ! .'Different ranks In the Army and Xavy represented by the Small J»uzzle Pic
tures on this i pid sc'.ahd vVr|te7theiu"out hi the space opposite the proper corresponding number provided for
v the .purpose In - he'eouport^n this page, as per directions; nil ha the coupon with your name and address and
,! xtheSprize you d^irc^if d i < y«uvwln--«iid send the picture, with the coupon attached, to the editor of tue
; >; NA5IE PUZZLE PA^fc^ S«|nday^ Call, San Francisco, CaL
" f RE3IE3|BEUr^o i 1 *?^ "*?RST ONE: HUXDRja) AND . FIFTY BOYS AND CIIRLS who boItq the Ntae
jf Kakne^Puzzles'^^fcorrectlyV^e or these ONE HUNDRED AND BEAUTIFUL PRIZES 'win ba
y. '•:* '.' •°*$in& dorflt forjretr; this nexV- point, because It la Tery Important: AliD ANSWERS MUST REACH
:^TWSjpjbTICKJBY/.;F^^ equal chance to compete
]¦ Reail ¦' everything on this page, to be sure, that you overlook notlilng that will help you to win a prize.
- 1^' **^^4l^^ J "^^-^^^^^C^nWERS .' WH<Ii BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
WEEKS FROM|Tp-DAy, January 31.
¦\-"--:>-^' •"¦¦-.¦-•''i ;-^-r "'-•'¦- •-":* 7 *: '"". '.:'.."!'¦ .- - ¦- '¦" '-,
'¦J,,.' -iti These are the' TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which ybu may choose if you solve all, the pnz-
V zles correctly:. Lady.of the Lake, by Scott; Light Tliat, Failed, by Kipling; Little Lame Princc,>y Mulock;
ii. -TJie 5Iajric n Nute,;byu3IoIesworth; the Master of Ballantrae, by Stevenson; 3Iosses From an Old 3Ianwe, by
¦.v'Hawthdrnci'MulVaneyi Stories, iby Kipling; Paradise Lost, by Milton; The Pilgrim's Progress, by Bunyan;
V* ;'Plain Tales; ;From ,; the Hills, 'Kipling; Prhice of the House of David, by Ingraham; Rab and His Friends!
fI by Brown; Samantha at Saratoga, byjHolley;-. The Sketch Book, by. Irving; The Snow Image, by Hawthorne;
Tales From Shakespeare, by Lamb; Tom Brown's School Days, by Hushes; Treasure Island, by Stevenson;
; . Twice Told Tales, by Hawthorne, and Uncle Tom's Cabin, by Stowc.
I ? HH^ifi 'AND; A' BOX OF SUPERFINE FRENCH PAINTS.
San f- Francisco; . B. .TV. - Bosley,
1617 Tele^ranhi ayenue.i Oakland J 'Tlllls
Rohjapp,* 6jf rjftfikj&OTtreet, : San .Fran
cisco; M. C^A^ji5*G&J54 Silver street,
San Franc^^^^^E^^^.Calosrrias, 1?SU
Silver stre^^»ij*^twcJEco; Daisy Ed
wards, GiJ«fe ; r^§j;v)kVpunlap, Oakdale;
Charlie D(ffite' : 26'lipcust street, Santa
Cruz; HoI^ot VMofehouse, San/Lsan
dro; Kati|'JJjM3r- Hayu'ards:* Eld ward
Kolb, Pal^'^8^^i v U Coulthard, Paid
Rhodes, s-w9?r*PfH$iwl!»V Sacramento;
Loomls -^t^iff9^^S*i"-..l.
8on, . Tt>oln'ntnft>l^ramBmtt.J3owi ¦ I*bdl;
Theodore Fitt^k^1ii|ei:^^3fk'ton; Fred
I Jensen, - - Ha jiif|ft Us . .' TfEva^ '"Cr'azzbl "a.
Angels: 'LorisV'tVlilkcr^'.Kwflr^aflt Six
teenth- street, ¦¦'^a'st^jOakland '^.Cynthia
: Cqsble. ', 2024 .'FoIapnV-'s tr>et. ¦ Saii^rari
ctf<5or*Royce Pulel£er,-4220 Montg-ofiaery
fitipetkOaHlandlVpVylordVMItchelK
Thirty.-«lxth^/8tre*^^^«hflnd^-.ff<UJ|y;
Luca v s, v -WQ6dbridge; i Juliusl %Kahn.V2712.
-Webster ' street^ Saa' Frariaisco : •* Blcir-,
enee;-. Cowling; \^a.£|a>WC*i$i«» .Ma'rio'n
Clark, 'J*18' Myrlle+^.eh^^>Oakl*nri :'
Ma^ie Salomon^StoWtOni'^g^MurraJ',
: Sausairto:|Reine Matti^ ; 5wfrx.^?thl^d
' street, Oakland i^lady^^rltr,':^ 7hj,rV.
ty-third stretf t," OaklandJ'H^de la.qfivB,
Menlo* Park';', Stan V,Ta.lb.ot^B5fe; Grant
street;" South'.yaUejo^^stherfDlcksbn,
458.'' Devlsaderb vstreetr afi*h- Frdriciseo;'
Enid Ackepman* 1316 Stftiwt* Street; Sah
street., Sa'craraento? Genj^^ve^ Marsh; '
1S71 Page 'street, San 'Franfcqor Eddie
McFadden; 870 - Eddy^strggcpjf an "Frajp t
. cfsco ; | QjBaT-Ccieinehseri." J)?otB0J(ni >]' Mar?
fruexi te, McCarthy,- 'SmM^s^lli*: - > Frfd •
,Banflel l d,i251%Ninth-ayepHe,-.'San'jP:rao
cisco;» CVrll vNelson;*, 830iM^street,- Sa/
> ramento; • . Carr»l .> Npyes r >Yubar,Clty; ;
- Mildred . Curtis; '.918 • Ellis;*, street; *Sin
• Francisco ; - Loul»e : Queenj t418 i \ Scott
•street,- San -Francisco;>C4Yrie^R6chf6rt,
Point ( Reyes; .^Genevieve'-rpoardman,:
Nevada City; Addle Glbbs.'Gibbs-wu
" Ham Smith,- Santa Kosa; Wil". Curtft;
;818 lEllis . s ;street; } ; San f C Francisco; .'.D.
Arson, V. 1720 >y Sacramento . street; " San
; Francisco ; vEdna* Smith.^ 329 1- Mpntcalm
¦treet, San: Francisco; ;Eva {Weich.'i 68
North: Thirds street, San . Jose ; George
.-Calogriaa,;i26 Silver street; San. Franf
\ Cisco ; Annie* Cal6fTlas,' r 12S Silver street;
»8an '.Francisco: : Roy • Ray;^ 819" Castro
street, Oakland. ... .:.: v"
T5O S^snd pr-Tz^s Foifth« Btffght Ch^Tdr-gn Who
TIIKSF «rc the names of th»>
150 lucky children who won
prizes in the puzzle contest —
the Names «f Parts of a Ship —
i published In The Sunday Call
of January. 3:.
Barbara Miller. 765 , Fifteenth street,
Oakland; Charles Petersen. 1116 East
Nineteenth street, Qakland: Mildred
Matatall. Anpels; Hazel King, 1225 East
Market street, Stockton; Austin Croul
ing. Santa Cruz; Vannam Souther, ~o5
Broad street. Ocean View; E. Hosmer,
Santa Rosa; Gladys O'Brien. 313
Eleventh street, Oakland: M. Short
ridge. Hotel Savoy. San Francisco; Lee
Gosiri, 3359 Twenty-third street. San
Francisco; Cleo Reese, 48 Wilson ave- .
nue, San Jose; Lauretta Callashan, ' 873
Milton street, Oakland; Marian Wen
ger, San Jose; Blanche Shock, Fruit
vale; Carl Callreath, 112 Joijes street.
San Francisco; T. U- Lafferty, 701
Spencer avenue, Santa Rosa; Edward
TVa&ener, 2011 Green street, San Fran
cisco; Vivien Fitzgerald. 429 Monterey
street, Vallejo; Anna Braesc. 2522 Fol
som street. San Francisco ; Fred Wai d.
Vlsalla; Edith Taylor, Richmond; John
Ryan, Twenty-eighth and Alabama
streets, San Francisco; Ray Jeffers.
2803 Folsom street, San Francisco;
Maize Urciuhart. 30S Valencia street,
San Francisco; Rose Seymore, 735
"Washington street, Santa Rosa; Paul
Dewey. 1523 Scott street. San Fran
cisco; Arthur Tilton. 2610 Sutter stree:,
San Francisco; Frances Lane, Reedley:
L. McCormack, 220 Third street, S<*n
Francisco; Bessie White, 1302 Mission
street, San Francisco; Robert Haslett,
1605 Clinton avenue. Alaineda; Frank
lyn Morris, 150 West Mission slreei,
San Francisco; Birdie Cohen, C13 Post
street, San Francisco; Inward Eyre,
2291 Sacramento street, San Francisco.
Charlie Thompson. 1S7SU Fifteenth
street, San Francisco: P. Ackerman.
1S27 Myrtle street. Oakland; Car^l Kin?.
Third street, Xa.pa; Carrow V.'entz.
Gilroy; Hazel Poloch. 1009 Union street,
Alameda; Ray Macdonald, 1104 Treat
avenue, San Francisco; Ruth Gee, 7:15
Louisiana street. Vallejo; Grace Clark,
510 Clayton street, San Francisco; Ger
aldine Bausch, 1417 Castro street, Oak
land; Marie Padkin, 514 Sbrader street,
San Francisco; Ethel McGulre, 126 Erie
street, San' Francisco; -Elinor Hall. 1313
Hayes : street. San Francisco; E. C
Kendall. 1076 Fourteenth street, Oak
land; Rosalind Rosenberg, 26 Mapel
court, San Francisco; George Farisen,
E5 Cumberland street, San Francisco; '
Elma Bailey, Corte Madera; Stuart
Thornton, €8 Monroe street, Sah Jose;
Herbert Brandt, 2213 Van- Ness avenue,
San Francisco; Clarence Martin, 230
King street," Santa Cruz; Myra Treat,
1812' Van Ness avenue, San Francisco;
"W. K. Davis. 332 Haight street. San
Francisco; Richard Curtis, 3171 Twen
ty-fifth* Street, San Franpisco; JHoadley
Johnson, 55 Webster street,' San Fran
cisco; Leo -Dillon, 2S Cumberland street,
San Francisco; Edgar Rademacher,
Iw5 McAllister street, San Francisco;
Barbara Veazie, ll24 Bush street, San
Francisco; Cornelia . Coghian, 1908V4
Greeri^stfeet, San -'Francisco;" Aileen :
Allan, 1516 Castro street, San Francis
co; GoJdie Cluffleld; 524 Post street, San .
Francisco; ' Celia' Coleman.- 524 Post
street.' San Francisco; James Irwin, 522*
Stevenson street, San. Francisco;. Roy .
, Cameron^ S12 Second J&fceet, San Ff ah- •
ciico; Pearl Burckett, Biggs; Edna Me-"
, Fadden, S70 33ddy streeti San Francisco; -
¦ r>aryl Jcvvett. S25 Cole street, San Fran- .
Cisco: 'Fred Husing, 331 Hayes "streetf,
Ean Francisco; Emily Sprague, Gilroy; »
Juiien "Simmons, 67G Grove street, San
Francispo; Giadys , Blake. 1166 Haight <
6treet, " San Francisco; Charlotte JVi'n
ceht. 18-7 Larkin street, San Francisco; '
, Irene Bennett, U16 Filbert j street, San
Francteco; Harry Gabriel, 1318 Octayla -
I street,' San ; Francisco; ;Baby Sweeny,
320 K street, Sacramento; Paul Dunck
' hbrot,' 2S15 *H' street. Sacramento; -Ben j
Osborn, Willie. Irwin,
Marysyille: Oscar Crandall, 138- East
St. James street. San Jose; Ruth-.Kel
ler, 2€2§ Folsom street, San Francisco;
Edwin Burdick. 204 Chestnut avenue}
1 Santa. Cruz; Fred Hare. Redding: Lily
Pale,- Suisun: Hl«»na Eyre. M«nlo P«trk;
Maud Clarke. College City; Selma Fra
rier, 2*51 K street. Sacramento; -Ja-ciw
, Liquori. Agnews^* Clarence Woods, 1011
California street, San Francisco; Mar
ion Casal, Santa Barbara; William
Koegel. 96- Cumberland street, San
Francisco; Robert Don," £61 Guerrero
THESE ARE
THE 150 PRIZE
WINNERS
OF JAN. 3.
THE ; SAN<FRANCISCO .:SUNt>AY/ : |CAii.
NAME PUZZLES
16
Solve the Puzzles,
¦¦
Fill Gut the Coupon
and Send It to
ifce Luzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor. Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
Below In their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the nnmn. of Nine Different
ranks In the Army and Navy
represented hi this week's Name
Puzzles.
4 ....••
¦
e ..........«••»«
T •
8 . •*•'•••"• . . . . . *m ......... . « » . .
• >
January 17, 1904.
Name
Street or P. O.
aty
V
Rate
If I win I choose for prb*
........ ... *«•>.. »«*«-•• . . •«»««
(Sm Umt of Prlxea.)WEALTHY COUNT AND! THE PRETTY DAUGHTER OP A COBBLER
WHOSE ACQUAINTANCE HE SOUGHT AND WHO' WAS WOOED
AND WON IN % HUMBLE COTTAGE.
Xetted Coif Again "In."
LONDON. Jan. 16.— In Paris and
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 1«.— Since
the, sudden and pathetic death in his
arms ' of : little Princess Elizabeth of
Hesse-Darmstadt the Czar has been
more' than ever devoted to his re
ligious duties. He always has been
religious, but'i\pw he spends hours at
his private devotions and in writing
prayers in Russ and Slavonic for Ul«
imnerlal family.'
Czar Growing More Pious.
Design ¦, for Pope's Figure Approved.
ROME, " Jan. 16.— The design , of the
Sculptor "Luchetti; for a .monumental
tbnib for the late Pope Leo XIII inside
the church; of- St. ; John Lateran has
been* approved. It represents Pope
Leo wearing the^ triple crown sitting
on a throne supported by the world,
each hand /.extended in the, act of
blessing, the .-., whole symbolizing one
fold -and one church. The cost of, the
monument Is estimatedatiJS^.OOO.'
However, at last, the Cuiasarts, dis
covering that the young man's mind
was quite made up, gave over their
opposition and welcomed Miss Mun
zinger into their midst. M. Georges
Cuissart is a ¦ fine . looking young man.
and owing: to his position as secretary
of the. Siamese legation at St Peters
burg, Miss Munzinger will see diplo
matic life' in r ohe ; of;the most Interest
ing of modern capitals. The Siamese
Minister is unmarried, so that the du
ties; of receiving at 'the legation will
fall on*. her, an office for which her
charming manners and handsome ap
pearance admirably fit her.* She is 2S
and has all the -fresh brightness of a
-Mrs. Munzjnger* has, gone to St. Pe
tersburg with the young couple, hav
ing joined them after a visit which the
bride has just paid to her new family.
\ Sbe '•"• will r have her - own apartments
LONDON, "Jan. 16.— M. and Madame
Georges Cuissart have left Brussels and
gone to, St. Petersburg, where they^ are
busy Installing themselves in the Siam
ese legation.of which M. Cuissart 'was
recently" niiade.. secretary. Madame
Georges 7 Cuissart was , Miss .Munzlner
"of New York, her mother having been
a Miss •Bloodgood of that city. : Mrs.
Munziner, who ' is a widow, and her
daughter, who :\was married to M.
Cuissart about six /weeks ago in : Paris,
have . been living some years abroad,
and It was on the first occasion of their
visiting Brussels several years ago
that Miss Emma. Munzinger captivated
the - heart of the young ; Belgian; ;; But
his ' family at '"• first 'put certain diffl
cuiities. in the way, of his marrying
one who was a foreigner not endowed
'with/ that .wealth which Belgians look
for: with their wives, "and one "more
over i who* was ' not ; a \ Roman Catholic.
ROME, Jan. 16. — The "";-.•"* has just
ordered one of the most precious
relics of Rome restored to the Church
of San Silvestrb.' from which it was
removed to the Vatican in 1870, when
the church was beslec:d by Italian
troops. The relic is the authentic
head of St John the Baptist.
According to tradition -the head,
which was demanded by the daughter
of Herodias as a reward of her danc
ing, was carried from Palestine' to
Rome ten centuries ago by Greek
monk3 and dep- led in the Church of
St. Silvcstro. then a monastery.
Innumerable rniracles are attributed
to the relic. It was held* in such
Head of John the Baptist Will Be
Sent From Vatican to SU-
Ycstro Church.
WILL REMOVE, RELIC
TO ODD RESTING PLACE
de Rothschild, • whoj died at Monte
Carlo on' December 10,. bequeathed his
valuable collection of paintings to the
"Louvre. It contains four « pictures by.
Greuze, two by Teniers, arid also com
prises' / .by . Ruysdael,
Backhuyseh; Wquverman and Hob'
bema/. To the'.Musee de Cluny Baron
Rothschild bequeaths the famous col
lection of ancient rings.
LONDON, Jan. 16.— Marie Corelli
has had the last word in regard to the
farthing damages which a Jury award
ed her in a recent libel ".action. The
defendant called on Miss Corelli to effe
liver the coin, and was received by her
butler, lo whom he handed a form of
receipt for Miss ¦ '' CorelU's '.- signature.
Determined her autograph should not
go so cheap, she referred the caller to
her solicitors. They received it and
sent it back in these terms: "We are
instructed "by our client to inform the
defendant, that she is happy to present
him with the damages gran ted, by the
jury as a "contribution to ¦ one • of the
many Stratford charities he no doubt
supports." p!s§?§ -.'.'¦¦' ' ¦¦•'
Fair Author Rejected Half-Cent Al
lowed in Libel Suit.
MARIE HAD LAST WORD.
Bequeaths Valuable Pictures.
PARIS, - Jan. • 16. — The Baron Arthur
American Girl Will Be Mistress. in Siamese Legation
and See Life at the Court of St. Petersburg. . ;
esteem that battles were fought for
its possession from .141 U until 1870.
The relic remained in the . church
until 1870, when it; was removed to
the Vatican for safety by Pope Pius
i;- ;Y*'.-'-- X thinks there is no danger
now in returning the relic to its an
cient resting pla < The relic Is con
tained in a silver' reliquary weighing
100 pounds. • -
Brussels "the netted -coif, which was
worn some centuries ago, is coming In
again as , a ..feminine . adornment at
evening parties. One recently worn
by a leader of fashion very much re
sembled a -Juliet cap, the netting,
which was stiff, being made of pearls,
while where {he wires crossed a
cabachon ¦ emerald , surrounded by
small pearls was placed. The cap
was square^ over the forehead, but
rounded behind; " •¦ . .-
close to the legation. M. Cuissart's
uncle, the' Count de Grelle. is Belgian
Minister to St. Petersburg, a fact
which naturally will greatly help the
bride socially.
-Mrs. Laurence Townsend, wife of
the American Minister to Belgium, is
at present staying with King Edward
and Queen Alexandra at Sandringham.
This is the second or third visit she
has . made to these royalties within
quite a short time, so It is evident aho
is aa great a favorite there as else
where. Her bright, attractive manner
fascinates - every one, while her
straightforwardness enables her to
fieep the many friends she makes. Sho
has a lovely pale creamy complexion,
with*. beautiful 'dark auburn hair, a fine
figure and is always noticeably well
dressed even in Brussels, where so
much thought is given to the : toilette.
Thomas Butler and Miss M. C. But
ler of San Francisco have arrived la
London and are staying at the Kenll
worth Hotel. Mr. and Miss Butler are
on their way home after a long holi
day tour on the Continent, most of
their ' time having been spent la
France.
Society Permits Use of One Knife
and Fork Throughout Dinner.
LONDON. Jan. 16.— One of the
things that most surprise Americans
when they dine out in Belgian society
Is the absence of a sufficiency of
knives and forks. One knife and fork
is considered ample for each person
for the whole of the courses, and It
was indeed not. very long ago that
good Belgian society took to fish
knives. A magnificent dinner service,
intended for- a nobleman, which was
specially exhibited at one of the larg
est silversmiths In the capital the
other day, revealed the fact that
though of the most splendid silver and
boasting covers for twenty-four, there
were only twenty-four knives and
forks. True there were twenty-four
pairs of the silver knife rests on which
each diner is supposed to place his
implements between the courses, after
having carefully wiped them with
bread.
The silversmith was astonished at
the expressions of horror of the Amer
ican ladies who examined the display,
at such rough and ready manner of
living. The only explanation given
is that it saves ' service, and being a
national hablt.no one thinks it strange.
Another extraordinary with re
gard to V..2 wa'y Belgians live is that
there Is not v one single house in Bel
gium from the* place downward that
has an upstairs supply cf hot water,
nor indeed any automatic supply for
the kitchen, while Jt isfonly.the rich
who have cold water laid on above the
ground floor. At the same time the
houses are furnished handsomely and
with' considerable taste.
BELGIANS ARE ECONOMICAL.
Most of them come to Paris to finish
their education. The rudiments ' have
been acquired in England, and it is a
wish to give them cosmopolitan ideas
of life that induces their parents to
send them to thls"school. ; . ' ,
The chief end of the school is to ac
quaint them with the best side of
French life. They have lessons in
dancing, fencing, gymnastics and cook
ing.
PARIS, Jan. 16. — An English board
ing-school has Just been established in
Auteuil, the suburb of Paris most af
fected as a residence quarter by rich
English and American families.
Its aim Is to give -English "girls a
knowledge of France, its lang^age/and
art, and let them have all the freedom
they would have in a school in their
own country.
Of course, the direction of such a
school is in striking contrast with the
"penslonnats" of Paris, where the girls
are not permitted to take a step outside
the school grounds without a suspicious
duenna at their heels.
These English girl sgo in parties to
the Bois de Boulogne, which is quite
near, to bicycle or play tennis. They
are sometimes seen, too, in the heart of
Paris, In parties, seeing* the sights or
going to church.
School for Girls in Paris
Where Art and Life
Are Taught. :
Count leaves the management of his
great inheritance to agents and spends
most of his. time in Jhe_ gay .Austrian
capital. He is exceedingly fond of
hunting and is a remarkably good
shot. Latterly he has devoted a good
deal of time to automobiling.
The Gyulai family is of ancient
origin, tracing its ancestry back to
the fifteenth century. Count Stephen's
branch was ennobled in 1694, the then
head of the line being given the title
of Baron in Austria. In 1701 he was
raised to the dignity of a Count of
Transylvania.
The acquaintance thus begun rapid
ly ripened into affection. The Count's
visits became more frequent He
made the girl many and costly pres
ents and bought her fashionable cos
tumes.* and took her to theaters, con
certs and other amusements. Some
of the Count's aristocratic friends and
acquaintances looked doubtfully at his
fair companion, but the nohfteman ap
peared supremely indifferent to their
opinion. The remonstrances of his
family had no more effect upon him.
for he was deeply in love with the
Hernals shoemaker's daughter and
determined upon making her his wife.
Elizabeth's father and sistera were
entertained at the Count's house in
Vienna, and, .contrary to the sort of
thing In story,, books, were always
treated with the utmost courtesy. The
Count came frequently to the shoe
maker's quarters and his acquaintance
proved very valuable to the latter
from a business standpoint, for the
shoemaker's affairs prospered visibly.
A few days ago the Count and Eliza
beth made a short trip to the country
and upon their return the Count an
nounced their "jetrothal. Active prep
arations for the wedding have begun
and the ceremony will take place very
eoon at the Count's estate In Hungary.
Count Stephen Gyulai is 27 years old
and belongs to the military order of
German knights. His father, who died
some years ago. was a great Hunga
rian nobleman, a knight of 'honor of
the Sovereign Order of Malta. He be
queathed to his sen estates fn. Hun
pary at Saravola, Trubswetten, Dugo
sello, Gyubi Mares, Murany and Xagy
Barsany; a castle , at Gorz, near
Trieste, and another country place
near Dozen In one of the loveliest
parts of the Tyrol. There are also
other historic properties in Lombardy,
the domains of Assaglano, Mostre,
near Venice; Theviso Muestre and
Chirisrr.ogo.
Following: the Europea"h custom the
VIENNA, Jan. 16.— Gossip is busy
In the Vienna suburb of Hernals over
the approaching- -marriag-e of a rich
Hungarian Count of ancient lineage
with the daughter of a local shoe
maker. The fortunate damsel is Eliz
abeth Kolazia, whose father. Joseph
Kolazia, has been for many years an
industrious working cobbler in Her
nals. Her betrothed is Count Stephen
Miss Kolazia is a really good looking
young wcman, who is said by the
neighbors to be as modest and amiable
as she is pretty. She worked as a
seamstress and out of her slender
earnings contributed to the support of
the family household, which' included
five younger brothers and sisters.
What little spare money and leisure
time she had were employed in visits
to the theater and opera, and in read-
In*
When leaving the Imperial Court
Theater one evening nearly three years
ago Ehe was accosted by an elegantly
dressed young man who introduced
himself as Ccur.( Stephen Gyulai. His
manner was perfectly respectful, and
he asked permission to call upon her
father. Next day the Count appeared
In the ehoemaker's small apartment,"
the first of many such visits.
Count Stephen Cyulai Seeks Introduction to a Cob
bler's Daughter, a Real Love Match Is Result
and They Soon Will Be Married.
BETROTHAL OF RICH HUNGARIAN NOBLEMAN TO A MODERN
CINDERELLA IS THE SENSATION OF THE AUSTRIAN COURT
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17. 1904.
Pages 1 7 to 20
Pages 17 to 20DAUGHTERS OF LIBERTY.
The following named have been In
stalled as the officers of California
Council No. 1 of the Daughters of Lib
erty fpjr the current terra by Miss Car
rie -Sproul. deputy national councilor,
assisted' by' ex-Councilor Miss Nettie
McCulleugh : -^Mfflfffj
: , Christine Jorgensen, councilor; Em
ma Cantus, associate councilor; Emma
Koopman, '.vice councilor; Barbara
Schaertzer, associate vice' councilor;
Laura Cahtus, recording secretary (re
elected)*;-.- Sophia Putz,- associate re-
The officers who are to serve Pacific
Lodge of the" Danish Brotherhood of
Oakland for. the ensuing term are: A.
Ailsen. president: L. Erickson. vice
president; O. M. Lytjen. recording, and
H. D. Ankers, financial secretary; H.
H. Kraman, treasurer; Theodore Zelg
ler, trustee; Robert Hansen, guardian;
J. H. Rosenberg, Inside, and O. H.
Neilsen, outside guard; A. Peterson,
librarian.
DANISH BROTHERHOOD.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Saxon Lodge of the Knights of
Honor, in which Grand Dictator Arch
ibald holds his membership, has hail
the following named Installed as offi
cers for the current term; G. Bolting,
past dictator; F. M. Savage, dictator;
R. F. Fairchild. assistant dictator; A.
r! Holzheld. reporter; J. G. Kelly,
financial reporter; J. E. Sellman.
auide: George Kenney. chaplain; Wil
liam Wllby. sentinel; W. J. Lisle, or
ganist; J. B. Grifiiths. W. M. Stathan
and A. R- Holzheld, trustees. Tha
officers of Liberty Lodge will be in
stalled next Monday night in private.
THE RED MEN;
.The chiefs of the tribe and council
at Petaluma were raised up at a joint
session last week, the chiefs of the
council being inducted into office by
District Deputy Great Pocahontas Mrs.
Ar Newberg. - -
Mrs. Lizzie Kemnltzer, D. D. G. P.,
raised ur>, the chiefs of the, council- at
Healdsburg last week and the chiefs of
Sitting Bull Tribe of that place were
raised up by District Deputy Grand
Sachem Harmoor. ¦ •.
-Ouray Tribe of San Jose had 125 pale
faces to adopt, last week. The work
was performed; by -the team of Poca
hontas Tribe of this "city. There were
present Cfreat Sachem Samuels, Great
Keeper of Records; Bliss, Great San
nap Ledford. Past Great Sachem
Boyes«and 'members of the tribes in
San Jose.' Santa Clara and other places
in Santa Clara' Countyl
The de»rree i team • of Yosemite Tribe
appeared. In the ; wigwam of ¦ Altahmos
Tribe January 13 and exemplified the
adoption; degree in a very creditable
.manner. '-.' 1^ was an object lesson that
If given ; in ; every tribe of this part of
the reservation- would give the mem
bers an' excellent Idea of the manner
in which the work should be done. The
members of Altahmos. who for a long
time ~ had the^ crack : team of this city,
will reorganize that team, and as one
of the . said, ."Show the boys
what's what." * '\
THE FRATERN ALS.
During the last week ) the i officers of
San Francisco. Progress, Aurora, West
End and 'Mission .lodges of : the Fra
ternal Brotherhobd'were installed with
all the •pomp, and 1 " ceremony of "the
order! - The ; three ; last , named , were
installed- Jointly; in the hall of Mls-
Companions of the Forest of America,
installed the following named as offi
cers for the current term: Companion
Mrs. rtabklrk. chief cqmpanlon; Com
panion Mrs. Leeraan, sub-chief; Dr. W.
A. Af.vood, recording, and Mrs. L. von
Puttkamerl financial secretary; Mrs. C.
O. Miller, treasurer; Miss A. . Murkell,
right, and Miss AL Miller, left guide;
Companion Mrs. Yates, inside, and
Companion^- Mrs. Erhardt. outsida,
guard; Dr. Adams, . physician; Miss
Annie Gudehus, organist. After the in
stallation Mist Mamie Schoen," the re
tiring chief companion, who served two
terms with much credit, was present**!
a token of fraternal love and apprecia
tion in the form of a beautiful neck
chain and locket bearing her mono
gram.
The nev\» officers of •Court Seal Rock
were installed for the current term
January 14. The reports show that the
court now has 3C3 members and $10,120
to Its credit. Seal Rock is one of the
live courts of .this city. ',..,
Martha Washington Circle had a
pleasant domino party during the early
part of January in the Assembly Hall
of the Alcazar. * ;"
The party recently given by Court
Justice In the Alcazar • Assembly Hall
was a delightful function. . It was car
ried out to a successful termination by
E. C. Brehm. F.' Brinkman, P. Becker,
W. J. Bacon," E. C. ' Sewell, F. Hem
berger and J.'J. Bacon.
Court Verbano of Oakland will' give
a grand ball In American Forester's
Hall on February 13.
The officers of Cour.t Madrone of Red
wood City were -Installed last weekin
the presence of almost the entire mem
bershiD and visitors from the courts in
the vicinity, notably those of Court
College City of Palo Alto and; of Court
Rose Hill of Mountain. View. . A ban
quet v/as served after the installation.
Grand Recording Secretary Dr. -C. M.
THE AMARANTHS.
The most beautiful, ceremony of in
stallation as conducted 'in' the royal
and exalted Degree of the rAmarauth,
an organization composed exclusively
of members of the Order of the Eastern.
Star, was witnessed last. week by sev
eral hundred persons, when the ."m"-
cers, of Crescent Court No. 3 were In
ducted into office in the Golden Gate
Asylumr The ceremony was conducted
by retiring Royal Patron Kelly. Th»
following named are, the officers who
are to rule the court for the current
term:- Anna Ireah Simpson, royal ma
tron; Wllilam H.* Hendrlcks, royal pa
tron; Mary E. Donoho, honored "asso
ciate matron; Josephine. Leach, hon
ored treasurer: Olive A. .Wood, hon
ored, secretary; Josephine Cleve, hon
ored conductress; Elizabeth A. Cole
man, honored associate conductress:
Lydia M. Steven3, honored prelate;
Nellie F. Riccomi,' honored warder:
Linea L. Baehr, honored herald ;.J2mlly
A. Williams, honored-- Lady Truth;
Margaret H. Dawso:i. honored < Lady
Faith; Sarah A. Cox, ' honored Lady
Wisdom; Minnie M. Ratto, ' honored
Lady Charity; Mary *LV Reddick,' hon
ored marshal in the East; .Julia, C. Py
burn," honored marshal, in. the : West;
Wilkes C. Madden, sentinel.,- . »^
During the evening 'there was an In
teresting address of by Addle
L. Ballou, supreme j conductress of the
Supreme Council, -'rite, 'of ..adoption: of
the^world, and the .by
Vlorin L. Jones, past, grand royal
patron of the State of Calif ornia and
assistant supreme lecturer," bri' behalf
of the." court to the'"" retiring royal
matron, Mrs. Ida B./» Spence, 'of '¦ a
handsome* diamond^ set -.emblematic
pin in- recognition of 'the most excel
lent ; manner In which she /carried
on 'the affairs of .the* court* during, her
term. The presenter took occasion to
pay Mrs.:Spence a meed of praise that
is seldom given to a -retiring officer,
and, as one of the members of the court
said, "She deserved It all.'.' Then Mr.
Jones presented M. J. • Kelly, the ' retir
ing patron, ; a' pair of opera glasses* from
the court, and then ' oh' behalf ! of ; Mrs.
Spence he presented to: Ladles Emily
UNITED MODERNS.
The association known as tha
United Moderns at a recent session
held in Denver. Colo., and 'another
known as the Grand Fraternity, for
mutual benefit, joined hands and will
In the future be known as the Grand
Fraternfly. S. C. Wa'llia of this city
was at that session elected a dele
gate to represent California and Ari
zona in the Supreme Lodge session to
be held in Philadelphia.
Captain Robinson, first vice presi
dent of the organization, and E. N. El
liott, one of the su*preme representa
tives, were in this city a short time
since and visited San Francisco and
California lodges. Difring their visit
they witnessed the Installation of the
officers and the initiation of eleven
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
McKinley Company No. 58 and Gold
en Gate Company No. 3 of the Uni-
form Rank. Knights of Pythias, were
consolidated recently and the new or
ganization will be known as McKinley
No. 3. The meeting at which the con
solidation was effected was one cf the
most enthusiastic ever held in San
Franciaco by the Uniform Rank. Now
indications point to a healthy increase
in membership aud a well drilled or
ganization. In the near future the com
pany will give a grand ball, to follow
immediately after the public installa
tion of the following named officers:
J. K. Ritter. captain; C. F. Graume.
first, and A. D. Budzelini, second lieu
tenant; M. A. Cunning, recorder; C.
F. Buck, treasurer. This company,
which is to .take a trip to Louisville.
Ky.. next August to attend the session
of the Supreme'Lodge of the K. O. P..
will at once commence active drilling
in order to be prepared to enter the
competition among the knights at that
time. The company while In Louis
ville will attend the world's fair in a
body.
District Deputy Grand Chancellor L.
A. Miller has installed the following
named as officers of University Lodge
of the- Berkeley Knights of' Pythias:
A. L. Vickers. C. C.; E..G. McCoy.
V. C: L. C. MacNulty, M. of W.; C.
H. f! Kitteredge. P.; A. C. Wright.
M. at Al; R. R. Rutherford, K. of R.
and S-: M. J. Congdon. M. of F.; G.
W. Gunu, M. of E.; T. W. Parsons. I.
G.; Don F. Miller. I. G.; B. W. Estee,
organist. This lodge, which is com
posed of truly fraternal knights, meets
every Thursday and is always ready
to welcome visiting knights.
and those of Santa' Amanda Circle on
the evening of January 8. There were
many, present,' who, after the cere
mony, were entertained with a pleas
ing programme/, /
Court Roblrv Hood installed its of
ficers on January 12, after which the
membeiBi and . visitors partook of a
stalled as the officers "of Court Lincoln
of the Ancient Order of Foresters" for
the current term: : Frank P.- Shaffer,
chief ranger; L. E. Helm,, sub-chief
ranger; William Burdick, treasurer;
F. P. Butler, financial secretary;
Charles James, recording, secretary;
F. Fredericks, senior woodward; Wil
liam Rowland, junior woodward;
Charles Burns and' W. W. Simmons,
beadles; J. Castillo, organist; Dr3. Ab
bott and MacDohald, physicians, and
James H^ Duncan, Charles. /Daut; arid
S. Swatzell, trustees. The meeting at
which the officers were placed in their
stations was a very, enthusiastic one.
.. . Lincoln Circle- of 'the Companions
.of' the Forest will: give- a ' . leap year,
party in Golden/ Gate. Hair on the
night of February; 24. It is. the .pur
pose of . the committee having the
matter In charge to make this one, of
the most; brilliant functions,
that has ever been given by a circle] of
the order. .V£i'-*^ ' •*>¦;':
The entertainment and : dance re-,
cently given by Court Twin Peaks
in Twin Peaks Hail in celebration of
an anniversary of institution was- a
very pleasant affair. ' During intermis
sion a suoperj was served.
High Chief Ranger Sanford during
the last week was paying. official.vis
its to the courts in the San Joaquin
\Jalley. ' ',:'.\d'r. --*»¦ ¦¦
The officers of Bohemian Circle
were installed by the Board of San
Francisco Deputies on ¦ the evening of
January 13, after which a banquet
was served to the retiring' and ; new,
and members.-- • - ,- .
. Court St. Gotardo of. Oakland has
passed tho 100 mark and on the even-
Ing of January 11 Initiated ten' strang-*
ers. '^a^VV^v , '/ " v ' '
The officers of ¦' Court 'Athens" of
Oakland will be' installed in public
January 21." i -The Foresters' Juvenile
band will be ; a,'> feature,-. of the '¦ pro
gramme that will, follow, vthe cere
. mohy. . . > . " .
The officers of Court Cordelllawere
installed in" the' early : part ; of Janu
ary. A number of the" High Court of
ficers" were present. .-¦'"•-,. :
The officers of Court Tread well *of
Tesla . will be \, installed . January 21.
. The High Court officers: have been In
vited to be present And be guests at a.
banquet- to be given after, the
latlon." . .';-^, 4? . "' "'.. .'._! /"Vv-
Juveniie'Court Star of th'e West will
give an entertainment 'and' Jinks on ;
the evening of January "22.' /; \>-:\ ',;,. •'-.
There was . a-, public i installation * of -
the officers, of .Court Star: of .the.WeBt:
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF VARIOUS FRATERNITIES.
NATIONAL UNION.
On the evening of January 5 the re
cently elected officers of Mission
Council of the National Union were
installed in the Mission Masonic Tem
ple, in the presence of a largre num
ber of the members of the order. Af
ter the close of the ceremonies there
was presented to the retiring presi
dent a handsome token of apprecia
tion of his services during the year he
was in office.
At the meeting of California Coun
cil, on the evening of January 6, the
officers were initiated for the current
term by,E. H. Hills, president of the
San Francisco Cabinet. Under good
of the order Past President Harris,
on behalf of the council, presented a
past president's emblem, # set with a
large diamond in the center, to E. A.
M. Gilbert, the retiring president, also
a handsome button to Recording Sec
retary Charles H. Van Orden, for
faithful and conscientious work, and
an emblematic diamond set button
to J. R. McGufflck, in appreciation of
services for twelve consecutive years
as usher of the council.
ODD FELLOWSHIP.
The new officers of Templar Lodge,
I. O." O. F., had an initiation ' last
week for the purpose of giving them
an*opportunity to show how well they
are up in the ritualistic work, and they
did well.;
The San Francisco relief committee
paid a fraternal visit last week to Ger
mnnia Lodge and was well received.
Amity- Rebekah Lodge wilj have an
entertaining party in the banquet hall
of the Odd Fellows' building x>n the
night of January 30.
Mrs. Alma I. Jensen, president of
the California Assembly, instituted a
new lodge at Linden and one at Rio
Vista within the past ten days.
The president of the assembly will
make official visits as follows: To
Pleasanton. January 25; Aqua Pura
Lodge. 26th; Concordla Lodge, Oak
land, 30th; Alvarado, February S; San
Mateo, February 8; Redwood City,
February 9. and Pescadero. Feb
ruary 1J>.
The 11th of March has been selected
as the time for the giving of the grand
ball in. Native Sons' Hall by the Re
bekah lodges of this city Jointly un
der the supervision of District Dep
uty Mrs. Flora Bergman.
After the installation of the officers
of Jubilee Lodge of the Rebefcahs Past
Noble Grand Erne Jacobs presented a
handsome souvenir to ex-District Dep
uty Gabrielle Gress as a token of ad
miration from a large number of her
friends. . .
Nearly all the members of Walhalla
Lodge of the Rebekaha are members of
the Walhalla Social Club, which has
arranged for a leap year party to be
given In Union Square HalL * Feb
ruary 25.
AMERICAN FORESTERS.
Circle Deputy P. H. Coyle, assisted
by Mrs. R. Kemp van Ee, at the last
held rreertng of Robin Hood Circle,
A. Williams, Elizabeth A. Coleman, Ada
A. Starrett and Maude Terwilllger,
who during the last 'Amaranth year
were, the' four officers of the central
square, a handsome pin each. Past
Patron Dr. A. H. Millberry then cm be
half of. the court presented to Lady
Nellie Augusta Darling a crystal bon
bon "dish ' in appreciation of her ser
vices as' organist. Then" followed
speeches by Mr. Jones, Lady Graves
and LadyAnnie Lambert, grand faith,
and an hour of dancing.
? ,
MODERN WOODMEN.
Goodfellowship Camp of the Mod
ern Woodmen of America r.t its meet-
Ing 1 in* the Pythian Castle last week
adopted the sick ' benefit feature, but
it : is optional with the members
whether ' they take such benefits.
Neighbor Cook, the . new venerable
consul, had a great many parliamen
tary questions, brought up before him
during the meeting. He proved him
self such a master of the art of de
bate that none of the neighbors could
either trin or confuse him.
State Head Deputy Consul J..O. Da
vis was with the camp at Riverside
last week during "the celebration by
that subordinate of th-2 twenty-first
anniversary of the order and deliver
ed an address.
The annual school of instruction to
district deputy head. consuls of Cal
ifornia was held in Fresno January
13, 14 and 15. The first night there
was an informal meeting, followed by
a. public meeting, in' Armory Hall,
when an address of welcome was de
livered by L- O. Stephens, Mayor of
the city, a response by State Lecturer
Rev. Walter M. White and an ad
dress on "The Mission of Woodcraft"
by J. O. Davjs, State deputy. The
following days were devoted to dis
cussions on a variety of topics. The
speakers' were A. J. Harshberger of
Los Angeles, Frank- Herald, Oakland:
A: E. Case, Santa Cruz; A. I. Adams,
Honcut; R. D. Chittenden. Fresno; B.
K. Roberts, San Francisco; Head Phy-
Bician F. W. Bassett. Los Angeles:
Herbert V. Rees, San Francisco; C. W.
Beall, Fresno; L- A. , Murrell. Fresno:
W. E. Cummings. Riverside, and Rev.
.Walter M. White, San Francisco.
There waa also>the exemplification of
the secret work and the reading of
letterH from the head camp by State
Deputy Davis.
ization in Alameda County and It is
expected that it will be ready for in
stitution during the current month.
THE WORKMEN.
The officers of the Past Masters' As
sociation were -Installed at the January
meeting bv Past Grand Master Barnes,
after which there was an hour of
speeches and a collation.
The officers of Excelsior Lodge, A.
O. U. W., were installed In public in
Excelsior Hall. January 13; those of
Ycrba Buena Lodge were installed on
the 14th.
In the latter part of January Past
Grand Master D. S. Hirshberg will
visit the lod£e r at Crows Landing 1 .
Arrangements are being made for ar.
extension movement on a large scale
In Oakland under the direction of
Grand Organizer Freeman.
Grand Recorder Spencer left for th?
East last week to attend a session of
the supreme relief committee. He will
be absent about two weeks.
The grand recorder has secured all
the blanks required for the use of those
members who desire to change c'.aaa ol
membership.
ANCIENT - FORESTERS.
• The following named have been ,ln-
INDEPENDENTS.
At the flmt convocation In January
fit the «rtcampment of Royal Forest
er§ of the Independent Order of For
ester* th« following named were In
nUlltd an officers for the current term:
Plr K. S. Cameron, illustrious com
mander: H. C. Relmers. Illustrious
Hetttanant commander; F. I. Wheeler.
Illustrious orator; J. B. Knudson, Il
lustrious chancellor; O. K. Brown, il
lustrious archivist; A. R. Ogler. illus
trious marshal; C Swanfelt. illustrious
captain of the guard: George Meir. in
side guard, and E. E. Northrup. out
side guard. These officers were in
stalled by the retiring commander, Sir
O. Q. Stewart.
The following named are the officer^
of the new Companion Court Oak
land, recently Instituted:' Mrs. Anna
Coburn. court deputy high chief ran
ger; Dr. J. W. Legault, court physi
cian; Mrs. Maggie A-'Gould, chief ran
ger; Mrs. Nettie Broadwater, past
chief ranger; Mrs. Morie Robertson,
vice chief rans^r; Mrs. Mabel E. Ju
dle, orator; Mrs. Flora E. Bollinger.
treasurer; Miss Alice F. Tiernan, fin
ancial secretary; Mrs. Florence F.
Richards, recording secretary; Miss
Mae Gardner, organist: Miss Margaret
Fryers, senior woodward: Miss Aman
da B. M. Brummond, Junior wood
ward; Miss Emma A. J. Brummond.
senior beadle; Mrs. Carrie Stevens.
Junior beadle; Mrs. Theresa J. Whita
ker and Mrs. Josephine Moritz, trus
tees.
A "Sew grov of tbe United Ancient
Order of Druids was recently instituted
in Kins City. It is to work in the Eng-
Ush 5aasuage and will lie known as '
Kir? Cit;- Grove No. 1C3. There are
Thirty rr.err.berf.
Past Arch A. Murphy of Tomales
Grove was in this city a few days since
and catl*"i upon Grand Secretary Mar
tinoni. He stated that the grove in
December initiated seventeen strangers
at ono meeting, and that during the
current month it will have another
<-!aFs *o initiate.
Fast Arch Lasalle has withdrawn
from William Tel! Grove in Napa and
placed his card in Fraternity Grove of
the same place. The last named grove
win have a number of candidates to
iritiate end the 6fgroe team of Old
Friends' Grove of this city has been in
vited to do the work.
Galileo Grove having l>een out
stripped in the race for membership by
Santa Cruz Grove, is endeavoring to
regain its laurels. At the first meet
ing in January it ejected fourteen ap
plicants for membership and received
four petitions. At the meeting last
week it conferred the first degree on
those tlfctcd at the previous meeting.
Alpini Grove at its last held meeting
initiated five Ftrangers. This grove is
in the field for the membership ban
ner
A r^^ort from the Jurisdiction of
Louisiana Is to the effect that in De
«-embcr three groves were instituted,
two In New Orleans and one in Frank
lin. \}''f
The raity given by El Dorado Circle
of thr- Druid«»wFe* early in January was
a cr?at success, being well attended
an i a very delightful function. This
circle m its f.rst meeting in January
initiated a number of strangers who
•Z?re unable to be present on the night
of the large clays initiation.
Thf thirty-fifth anniversary ball
{riven by Hesr^rian Grove in Union
Square Hall last week was well attend
ed and wss very enjoyable. There was
B w* II arranged programme of dances
and pretty girls and handsome men
were numerous. The function was di
rected by an up-to-date committee, or
v.nlch J. T. KIdi was the chairman.
At the second meeting in January
•Bopd!c*-a Circle initiated two strangers
yi<! received several petitions. The
'.ir* le has appointed a committee to ar
rsrj^e'for a Valentine party on the
r.ifht of February 13. A number of
r.cveltiC5 are promised.
tCcrih End Grove, U. A. O. D., cave
a ball in th*? social hall cf the Alcazar
budding last r.irht. It was invita
tfcoal and was the ftrtt social function
that »hj.s subordinate had arranged for.
Hesperian Circle of tbe Druidesses
vri'.l give a leap year party In the Shlels
bufMlss on the evening ol January 23.
Noble Grand Arch Beck and a num
!tr of the Rrard officers paid an of
ficial visit January 9 to Grutll Grove
5n -.:.ls city: on the Afth to
Grrve In th* Alcazar bulldirr; on the
':ZV.\ to North End Gr e; on the 16th
to Mori in Grove, Redwood City. He
jrVtl rtrft Vasco da Gama Grove in this
cfTSr cb the 18th; 2Jd, Lincoln Grove.
ih'.K cityij 24th. Serra PInta Grove.
VVtrt Oakland: and the 23th, Concord
Crorej Qcacprd.
Th'-^ch the official visit of the noble
irrrai.'l aroh. grand secretary and others
to Crutli Grove last we*-k "was not
calked bv a very large class of can
iSMates. the work cf the order was ex
crrriificd by the initiation of one
Etrar.fT^r and an exhibition of the map
nev ;n which the grove conducts 'its
busincFs. After the work there were
EtLQre&ka by the ofScers named. Past
Ncb'e Graxd Arch Guglielznonl^and
Pr_st Arches The mas Conrad and L. A.
The nob'.e srrai.<! arch, grand secre
tary and pas; .irchep— Conrad, Louis A.
and Josipn M. Wolff and D. Giovaninni
—paid a visit to the srove in Coima,
v.here there v.as the initiation of sev
eral strangers in a very acceptable
mr.r!»r. The work was followed by a
tarquel end a number of speeches.
V. r i!linm Stone, past ncb'e arch of
Royal Etasdard Lodge. U. A. O. D., of
Sydney, I*. S. W.. calk-Q on Grand Sec
retary Martinoni last week and cave
him a very interesting account of the
order in that part of the world.
WOODCRAFT.
-
Th«*re is no suborc'.nate of the "Wo
men of Woodcraft in San Francisco
that .s rr.akinj: greater strides into pop
ularity than Redwood Circle No. 72, as
was evidenced by the large number
of people who attended the De
cember social of this organization
in Eagles' Hall. The c-ircls's so
cial committee presented a most
enjoyable programme of dances to
good music. The circle's drill team
gave a leap year partr in the ussembly
hall of Red Men's building. January 9.
and for a time the "busy workers" had
their hands full putting unmarried
members of the circle "wise" as to the
unmarried men who were present. As
it w&e a situation of affairs that the
ladles had not enjoyed for eight years,
they took advantage of the occasion,
and it is likely that before long there
will be a continuous ringing of mar
riage bells in the forest of Redwood
Circle No. 72. .;,•••>
On the evening of January 5 the
members of Redwood Circle held the
impressive funeral service of the order
over the remains of Julia Ann Blake,
a member who died a few days before.
The servire was at 6:30 o'clock, as the
remains were to be forwarded to Sac
ramento by early train the following
morning for interment in the family
plat. There were many present and the
floral offerings of the circle and friends
were many and beautiful.
The reception that was tendered by
Kedwood and Haven Camps of the
Woodmen of the World to Head Con
fuI Falkenburg on the evening of Jan
uary 7 in the Assembly Hall of the
Pioneer building was a pleasant affair
that was attended by a goodly num
ber of the membership of the two
camps, the members of Haven Circle
of the Women of Woodcraft and many
friends of the members of the three
bodies named. There was an interest
ing programme of musical, instrumen
tal and literary numbers and address
by David Oliver Jr., editor of the Pa
cific Woodman; J. W. Mltchel of Ha-
ven Camp, chairman of the evening,
and a very interesting address by the
head consul. It was not what might
be termed a boon reception, but one in
which every neighbor* of Woodcraft
f?!t glad to meet the head. of the or
der and assure him that the members
of the (wo camps are in hearty ac
cord witSi his movement to increase
the membership in the jurisdiction to
100.000.' The affair was under the di
rection of J. W. Mitchell, J. N. Barcell,
J. M. Hanlahan, F. A. Miller, J. • D.
Ellis, ajid C. H. Stock.
The following named were installed
as the officers of Redwood Camp for
the current term by Deputy Grand
Guardian Neighbor Mrs.' Steanart:
Theresa C. Ambrose. ; past guardian
neighbor; Christine Wehr. guardian
neighbor; Anita Tickner, advisor;
Helen B«irclay; magician: Rose Bar
clay, attendant; Alice Norwood and
Ida Cochran, sentinels; Ellen Walcott,
banker; Effle L. Seavy, clerk; Mary
Dlerks, musician; Fred Seavy. Thomas
Scott and Cora Moore, trustees. The
work, in the tastefully decorated hall,
in the presence of a large number Of
people, was perfect, and the escorting
of the officers to their respective sta
tions was done by the guard in white
dresses and wearing scarfs of the color
of the order, red, white and green.
The marching and the floor work was
loudly applauded. ; The installation
was followed by a brief address by
Mrs. A. F. McMahon, an address on
Woodcraft by P. F. Gilroy. past consul
commander of Mission Camp, and a
programme of fmusical. Jiterary and
dancing numbers by Neighbors Dierks.
Walcott. Miss Cecil Madera, M. Ever
ett, and then th'e presentation of ' a
Jewel to the retiring guardian, Mrs.
Ambrose: aMoken of remembrance to
the installing officer, and a beautiful
parse to Pearl de Ganna, the captain
of the guard, from the guards, in rec
ognition of her pains in bringing the
organization up to a degree of per
fection. Thi3 was followed by the
serving of cakes and ice cream, after
which there was dancing for an hour.
Troppman paid an ¦ official visit last
week to Court Robin Hood. ., ....
The oflflcers of the court in Pleasanton
were installed ' last week on the oc
casion of the official vIMt of Grand
Trustee Beck of Llvermore. After the
work of the evening there was a .ban
quet and it was long after midnight
before the orchestra played "Home.
Sweet Home." • ¦ .,
The monster initiation that 'w,UI*be
held by the Companions of : the Forest
of America will take plaee March' 21.
In connection with' this affair the mem
bers of the various circles of. this 'city
will hold a bazaar, commencing Feb
ruary 15. . . , "•- • .
Grand Senior - Beadle -Henry Haab
paid an official visit to Court Point Lo
bos, January 12," and after the business
of the visit was at 'a close ha was the
guest of honor. at : a- banquet. ¦* \
The officers of New Century Circle
were. installed in the" early part of Jan
uary by Circle Deputy Mrs, Kemp ¦ van
Ee, after which there was much speech
makinc for the good of the order and
the serving of refreshments. ..
cording secretary; Frank Haley, finan
cial secretary; Minnie Thompson,
treasurer (re-elected); Mrs. C. Beeck
er, guide; Mabel Bert, inside, and W.
H. McSusan, outside guard: Miss E.
Couch, Irene Autzen and Andrew
Steiger. trustees. Isabelle Beach will
take the ex-councilor's chair, and
Ruby Hamberger that of the ex-asso
ciate council's chair. The reports pre
sented before installation showed the
council in a prosperous condition and
the outlook for the prosperity of the
eouncil is very bright. California No.
.1 will give an invitational masquerade
ball in the Red Men's building on the
evening of January 30. Tickets can be
obtained from members of the coun
cil only.
The dance given by the local coun
cils of the Daughters Of Liberty and
those of the Junior Order of American
Mechanics in Mission Opera Hall Jan
unry 9 was a very pleasant function, at
which there was many present.
slon Lodge. The officers of Columbia
Lodge will be Installed January- 18. The
officers of Haywards, Frultvale, Oak
land and Alameda will be installed this
week by H. C. Lewis, general organ
izer. • ' .
In the early part of January the
general organizer Instituted * a new
lodge of the order with sixty-eight
charter members. It has been named
Mapel Leaf.
During the current month the sev
enth lodge of the P. B. In this city
will be instituted.
A new lodge l» I ri process of organ-
THE SAN FRANGISeo';CALL,- SUNDAY, JANUARY 17,-1904.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18' Some of Frank Moulan's friends are
rather .Industriously 'spreading * the
rumor, that -the injunction ".granted
against 'him in the Federal courts'
upon '.the^application* of Henry. W. Sav
age prevents . the^ictor^f fom pursuing
his profession for the* next" year and a
The donation party by California
Castle of the Knights of the Golden
Eagles in Native Sons' Hall last week
was attended by almost the entire
membership. lady relatives and chil
dren. It was in the, nature of a party
for the little ones particularly.- and
for the adults incidentally. There were
200 presents distributed to those in
the audience by Georga B. Peterson,
acting for the ca3t!e. In addition
tbTere was a programme of entertain
ment under the supervision of a com
mlttee of which Charles H. Darts was
the chairman. •
GOLDEN EAGLES.
Mme. Blauvelt, the American soprano
who Is to appear here next month, has
had a remarkable career. She was dec
orated by Queen Victoria of England,
Queen Margherita of Italy and the So
ciety of St. Cecilia of Rome, the oldest
singing society in the world,^ among
other, notable happenings In . her life.
The latter medal Is the most coveted
honor that * musical artist can receive.
With the exception of; Mme. Blauvelt,
no woman in the world has received it.
Even Pattl failed to win it.
The Spciety of the Royal Academy of
St. Cecilia of . Rome -was founded in
1583. '"- That the degree of the order
should be coveted and recognized as
the high honor it was intended by its
founders it was' decided that* "the', num
ber of decorations conferred by' " it
should "never exceed fifty, of. 'which
twenty-five' "should be given Italians
arid twenty-five, to foreigners. In more
than . thre'e centuries but eight persons'
have; received 1 the i^edaU Mme.. Blau
velt b^lng the eighth arid the first
English-speaking person to receive
this most - signal recognition of - great
musical, talent.* ¦-„'. • >
"The ©vents leading up to -this pres-
SAN FRANCISCO IS
TO HEAR MADAME
BLAUVELT SHORTLY
On the evening of January 21 the
officers of Berkeley. Golden State and
Alameda Councils of Alameda County,
will be jointly installed, by Supreme
Councilor Tugwell in the hall of the
first named council.
During the last week Supreme
Councilor Tugwell paid official visits
to councils in Fresno, Bakersfleld.
Hanford and Stockton.
Supreme Secretary Terry and Su
preme Counselor Schaertzer were pres
ent last week at the installation of the
officers of Golden Gate Council of the
Order of Pendo. Mrs. Mary C. Pro
bert was placed in the chair of coun
cilor and O. Monson In that of vice
councilor. The other officers were con
tinued in office.
It is expected that the new coun
cil in this city, to be known as
"Home," will be instituted before the
close of the current month.
ORDER OF PENDO.
There is a Chinese baby in the Chutes
Incubator and Deaves' Merry 'Manikins
at the, theater.
WHAT ' THE ACTORS . .
ARE v DOING . IN OTHER
.:¦ ".::¦ PARTS OF AMERICA
\ The new bill at the Orpheum will In
clude several headllners of vaudeville,
including, Howard Thufstoii, the won
derful Juggler, who has kept the. town
guessing this week. >
The*Cenfral's bill of the week is "The
Bowery Girl." .
The Grand Opera-house will have lor
ths week "A. Night In June," "a play
for the people." The engagement open.8
with this afternoon's matinee. ~
The California opens to-night with
one of the best of modern melodramas,
"The Fatal Wedding." <
"The Beauty Shop" at Fischers adds
another to the long list of successes the
burlesque house has made. Like all the
burlesques, It grows better with . each
performance and bids fair to rank with
the brightest things that have been
turned out. at Fischer's: ~.i-
The Tivcll had Its real opening this
week, with its excellent production of
"When ; Johnny Comes Marching
Home." The opera is a\Stange and Ed
wards affair, military In character,
pretty In story and attractive In music.
The Alcazar Theater has the novelty
of the week, in the American comedy,
"Mrs. Jack,"-lhat will be given for the
first time here to-morrow evening.
With Mrs. Langtry nnd her company
In "Mrs. Deerlng's Divorce" 'the Co
lumbia has a very attractive bill for
the week. •"
"A Chinese Honeymoon," of the mu
sical comedy order, follows.
FRESH BRIGHT PLAYS
ARE ON THE LOCAL •
BILLS FOR NEW WEEK
The decoration is a medal of solid
gold, oval shaped. 2«£ inches long by
1% Inches wide. The face of the medal
bears in bas relief the head and shoul
ders of the patron saint of music— St.
Cecilia, the background of which is of
sky blue enamel with green Illy stalks
rising from. the bottom of the medal
lion. Around the outer edge, In gold
letters, on dark blue enameled back
pound. Is the name of the society—
"Regla Accademia di Santa Cecilia.
Roma." Directly under the figure of
St. Cecilia is the coat-of-arms of the
city of Rome. On the reverse side of
the medal there is a raised crest of the
academyr— an organ, crown and the
society motto, "Concordia-Discors."
Around the outer edge are the words,
"Pro Muslces, Art et Scleota." The
medal is suspended by a gold link from
ai large rosette of blue and gold rib
bon, the official colors of the academy.
Mr. Louis H. Baton will give his
twenty-first. free organ- recital, assisted
by Mr. P. J. Oksen, barytone, an4 Mr.
William L F. Zech, violinist, at Trinity
Church to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock.
The Zech quartet will give its first
chamber concert at Century Club Hall,
1213 ! Sutter street, Wednesday evening,
January 20, at 8:15. The programme
Includes the quartet .in F major by
Anton Rubinstein.^ and Klugharut's
quintet, with Louis" H. Eaton at the
piano.
Two years ago, after the death of
Verdi, the requiem was repeated, with
Mme. Blauvelt again In the soprano
part. All the other recitants were Ital
ians. Again distinguished honors fell
to the American singer. Then it was
that the academy honored her by con
ferring upon her the medal of the order,
which carries with It the additional
honor of having her name carved in
a marble memorial slab on the wall of
the Academy of St. Cecilia of Rome.
Thug Italy extends to Mme. Blauvelt
the greatest distinction ever conferred
upon an American vocalist. The only
other living person possessing the
medal of the Society of SL Cecilia is
Paderewski. : >£gg&gi&r'
* ?
entation are of interest- Mme. Blau
velt was studying In Rome Iri 1897,
when a great musical event was an
nounced—the singing of the Verdi re
quiem under the direction of the Royal
Academy jot St. Cecilia. In the quar
tet were ilarconi the tenor, Nanetti the
basso and Falchi the contralto. There
was difficulty In finding a soprano and
Mme. Blauvelt volunteered to sing the
role, and so remarkable was her per
formance that It was generally believed
that Count San Martino, the president
of the society, had arranged a surprise.
Mme. Blauvelt was afterward sum
moned to the palace and presented to
Queen Margherita. who decorated her
with a medal. . . .
vale of tears without any assistance
from the medical fraternity. "We had
ho physician."
"And does the baby show any excep
tional profundity or goodness?" I
queried respectfully. - '
"We think him perfect," said Mrs.
Pickering.
"You should tell Miss Partington that
he is a Christian Science baby," that
lady suggested. " / . ; , ;
"Ah?" I said. "What's rthe differ
ence? He looks all right." ; .
His . mother . then r explained " ; simply
that Perry Alberti had arrived In this
It was the artist's turn, and with evi
dent scorn for my ignorance concern
ing Mr. Gleason and of Mr. Corbett,
except as to the fact that he is "young,"
he informed Miss Russell that .she had
met the very flower of the prlzering.
"You must write home and tell them,"
Mrs. Pickering 'cried.. Evidently the
society is very much more exalted than
even Commodore Perry's grand-some
thing is used to!
"I .should . have Alberti, out on the
"next train if I did," Miss Russell
laughed. 5?\S
I had almost gone without Introduc
tion to a very important person— Oliver
Perry Alberti. He came up through the
photographs. 'Miss Russell showed me
a number of very interesting ones, one
of Marchesi and Melba, posed together
in 1S94; one .of the clever lob king, old
dame Mme. Laborde; one of Signor
Busi, several in fact.
"This is the best of them all," she
said at last, handing over a wide-eyed,
beautiful child-face. ' Then I knew it
was not for nothing that Miss Russell
suggests the mother.
"He's like you," I said. "How old?"
"Four," his mother said softly.
-"'T suppose the loveliest and best boy
that ever happened?" : -- '¦ -
¦ "Ask 'Mrs. Pickering"— proudly. ¦ . , .
Miss Russell cried: "Did you see
those?" ......
Mrs. Pickering, who Is guide, philos
opher and friend, put it: "I'm afraid
if Helen had to darn her own stock-
Ings she would be like the people the
maid told about the other day."
"Tell her," Miss Russell urged.
Nothing loth, Mrs. Pickering said:
"One' morning' Helen found a hole in
her stocking and drew it> hastily 'to
gether — as we were without our bag
gage and Just between trains. \ The
maid asked her afterward: ."Are you
an actress, mem. or just a common
lady?' Miss Russell wanted to know
*\hy she thought she might be an act
ress. "Because that's the way they
do — mend 'em just before putting 'em
on,' said the maid.
"Vile libel," I said. Then, looking
over at the piano where Nevin's "Ro
sary" lay open, I asked, "You are sing
ing the 'Rosary'?"
r "I am soing to use it as an encore.
1 didn't have 'enough encores last
night." she answered simply. "I had
to go on and on singing 'Comin' Thro'
the Rye.* A gentleman who heard me
sins last night suggested it." Miss
RusseH broke off with another laugh
and blush. "It was Mr. Corbett. Do
you know him? I think he has some
thing to do with prizefights. There was
a Mr. Gleason, too."
half. This is erroneous. Moulan can
act for Mr. Savage if he wishes to do
so, but for no one else.
Actors but seldom entertain one an
other, or at least accounts of their do
ing so are seldom seen. Mrs. Fiske's
company whiled the tedium of -an In
terrupted journey the other day in an
orlglnal^way. • While the train In which
they were going westward was side
tracked at Marion. Ohio, owing to an
accident ahead, the company improved
the wait of four hours by improvising
a holiday entertainment that Iven had
a Christmas tree and Us accessories.
Some of the men of the company ven
tured into nearby woods and secured
a tree, and by^the aid of the women
this was erected and adorned in the
center of their private car. Where all
the necessary things came from was a
mystery, but the tree was bright with
candles, while tinsel and other appro
propriate . trimmings were found and
utilized. Flashlight photographs were
taken of the tree and the happy group
that surrounded it, and later several
members , of the party entertained
their comrades with vocal and instru
mental music, monologues and recita
tions. The event was as enjoyable as
it was unique, and it excited unusual
curiosity on the part of the trainmen
and other passengers, who had "out
side seats," so to speak, and marveled
at the cleverness that "organized ao un
expected an affair In a place and un
der circumstances so exceptional.
Helen Russell'Talks of Burlesque and Grand Opera, Her Son, Her Teacher Marchesi and Melba.
without him?" said the Alberti elg
nora.
She got up then and went to the
dressing table, picking up the portrait
of a gentlemen who is perhaps more
like Signor Azzali than Mayor Schmitz
— but not much. This she proudly
handed to me to admire.
It was not difficult, and* I asked then:
"barytone?"
"Yes," said madame, "and sings six
ty-five roles."
"Does he sing Falstajf?" with im
mediate visions of the next Tivoli
grand opera season.
"Mf . Alberti was one of the first
Falstaffs in . Milan," his wife an
nounced.,
"Did you sing in Italy also?"
"Just in small roles," she replied,
then laughed; "but It was at La
Scala."
"I thought it was very difficult for
American girls to get a hearing there."
"Think of the chance I gave her."
Miss Russell said only, with naive
honesty; "I was studying, with the di
rector and he gave me the opportunity
"What was It in?"'
"In only a few operas. One was
'Fcriunio,' a new work. Haven't you
had a singer named Collamarlni
here?" -
"Have we!" I said, and proceeded to
expatiate on the amount of Collama
rlni we have had.
"She appeared ia 'Fortunio.' too.
Miss Russell tranquilly recalled. "A
small part like mine and she was
only just beginning then." >¦
"How*long ago was that?"
"Er — eight years ago," ¦ stammered
Miss Russell. But she corrected her
self heartily: "Perhaps a little longer.
maybe nine." I breathed again. She
was too good to spoil."
"How was Collamarinl's voice?"
"Quite small, but very sweet In qual
ity. She had studied only about six
months then."
"How did she look?"
. "She was very, very pretty." Miss
Russell said heartily.
"Collamarini is a great favorite here.
She was at the Tivoli for two seasons,"
I informed in turn.
"I am very much interested in the
Tivoli." Miss Russell said then. "Just
wait until you hear Vigna this year—"
"I don't undqfstand— "
. "He Is one of Herr Conried'3 new
conductors." ,
"Eut wo shall not have the Metro
politan people out here."
"I thought," and Miss Russell's
chf ?rful mouth actually went down at
the corners, "I thought they came every
year to the Tivoli."
"No, no. They came for two seasons
t**"o or three years ago."
**I told you so, Helen,". Mrs. Pickering
said.
"Then you won't hear Caruso!"
"I'm sorry not to. Is he very
pood?"
Both women clasped their hands and
looked ecstatic volumes. Miss Russell
said:
"Caruso is the greatest tenor of the
age — pure bel canto. You should have
heard the Tosca!'.!' Caruso was, of
course, CavaradossI, Ternina La Tosca
and Scotti the Scarpla. Scotti's a great
Scarpia. Couldn't be better. I'm going
to sing 'La Tosca* _ some day," she
said, and then for all her softness there
is a little grip of the Russell lip that
means things.
"Do you like the newer Italian op-,
eras?"
"Don't like them so well as the old
ones — that is, they don't give the singer
th? same chance. If you can act bet
ter than you can sin?.* then it is wise
to take the new operas."
• "What do you like, be'st to sing?"
"Leonora. Marguerite and Micaela
I have sung most. Gioconda and Alda
I have studied," sh.3 replied, and got
up to put a sheaf of press extracts into
my hands as to the doings of one Mme.
Helene Noldi.
"You? Then your name is not 'Rus-
Ee'l?'"
- "Nor 'Noldi,' either," she laughed.
" iRusseir was Mr. Friedlander'a
idea." '
"You sang as Noldi with Scalchi?"
"And with Mr. Alberti and with Ros?
Cecilia Shay. I have sung two seasons
with her."
"Oh, that's the rich young woman
who plays at baing an opera singer?"
"She's a good Carmen, and good Azu
cena," Miss Russell defended.
"We were all about Vancouver. Seat
tle and the north for eight months.
.Quite a successful season."
I stopped to admire the flowers of
the night before that were spilling a
sort of tired perfume into the room and
adorning the washbowl, the table, the
piano, the dressing table, everywhere.
Then Miss Russell, recalled to Fischer's
and her duty— that my painless inter
viewing had made her forget, said
shyly: "Mr. Frledlander told me to tell
you about my family."
"Your family?" I said. "Oh, I see-
Crusaders or Mayflower?" getting out
my pencil.
"Isn't it silly?" ehe laughed then and
I could have forgiven her even to Wil
liam the Conqueror. I, too, could, but
alas, no one asks to "interview me!
"Good blood is better than none," I
say solemnly.
She nods a "Yes," and then said:
"It's Commodore Perry, and— I AM
proud of It!"
"Of course you are!- What's the re
lationship?"; ,:
"I — I — don't even know, it's so dis
tant," she said deliriously. "Then
mamma's family — "
"Ah, mamma has a family too?"'
"Were Knoxes, John Knox of Scot
land. And father's cousin was maid
-of honor to the Czarina at St. Peters
burg, Countess von HesselbVrg."
"Is maid of honor—"
"Was, was," Bhe giggled. "I don't
care a bit about these things, but fath
er's very particular. He writes every
now and then to remind me about
them."
All this to assure the wily Mr. Fried
lander that Miss Russell, like a good
girl, 'did as she was told, and papa that
she has not forgotten- .
"But it cannot be that the noble de
scendant of the Knoxes darns stock-
Ings!" I eald then, nodding over at
the neat row of them reposing on the
trunk. . ...
Both women laughed.
Parson Manders is lesa familiar. He
is an extraordinary example of tha
bigot, of the conventionalist, of the
dogmatist- His remarks, by the way.
upon the- "advanced" literature in
which Mrs. Alving indulges are com
ically like the comment of Ibsen's
critics upon Ibsen. One suspects tha
dramatist here of plagiarizing Wag
ner In "Di« Meistersinger." Yet Par
scn Manders, in his fatuous self-com
placency, In his smug cowardice, in
his ludicrous and appalling Incapacity
to deal with the problems that the Al
vlns case presents. i3 perhaps the
most pitiable figure of the poor fiva
that play out the pitiable drama. The
rest, at least, at some time have lived
their own lives. Parson Manders has
forever permitted his neighbor's yard
stick to be the measure of his ways-
Then there .is Regina. illegitimate
daughter erf Alving and one of the
Alving servant maids, who shows tho
parental taint In a brutal selflshneOT
and lively voluptuousness, and Enjr
strand, her supposed father, a car
penter of the Uriah Heep build, who
married Regina's mother for money.
With these five commonplace people.
a single set of scenery and for cos
tumes Parson Manders' black coat
and Oswald's gray one. Mrs. Alving*s
black gown and Regina's blue one, tha
drama works itself out in Its terrible
simplicity.
There is nothing fortuitous in the sit
uations save the burning of the Alving
Orphanage on the eve of Its dedica
tion—a coincidence so like life as to
seem incredible. There are no dropped
letters, pardons arriving at the last
moment, banks failing; neither, again.
Is there any "love interest." curious
local color, nor comic relief. Nor is
there even literary charm. The inter
est is purely psychological, the striv
ings and counter strivings of five naked
souls.
And you make your own sermons.
Ibsen does not even answer his own
questions. He keeps to himself any se
<rret of sympathy with his characters.
And yet with every ordinary dramatic
convention defied, with his brutally
commonplace material. Ibsen has made
a play that drives the blood from tho
heart and grip3 to its awful final word.
One Is grateful to Miss Alberta Gal
latin, who brought the play, for tha
opportunity to hear it. As Mrs. Al
ving she was not wholly a success,
though curiously most successful in its
more exacting moments. One recalls
Mr. Bcgel's Oswald most • gratefully.
It is difficult to imagine the unfortu
nate youth more vividly conceived or
acted. The make-up was marvelous.
A perhaps necessary variety of shad-
Ing impelled Mr. Bogel to a display of
energy not wholly- compatible with Al
ving's condition, but otherwise it was a
startlingly convincing impersonation.
Engstrand again was cleverly handled
by John Ravold. and Rose Curry and
Allen Davenport filled 1U the cast with
out disaster. Come again. Miss Galla
tin.
"Ghosts," presented locally for the
first time this week at the Columbia
Theater, touched new nerves of pain In
the play-going consciousness. Lacking
any exceptional significance in its cast
save Claus Bogel. whose Orjvald cut
itself into the memory like ghastly
cameo, this Ibsen drama proved itself
among the most profoundly moving
pictures of human ills known to th-j
stage.
Some time ago Nance O'Neil gave us
"The Lady Inger of Ostrat." It seemed
then as though Ibsen had plumbed the
deeps of maternal suffering. Yet it Is
a more intimate note of horror he has
struck in "Ghosts." "Lady Inger,"
with its Maeterlinckian symbolisms.
Its antique heroics, is of the life apart.
In "Ghosts" you might be staring Into
your neighbor's flat. But Parson Man
ders? There are bine laws in Cincin
nati forbidding a man to kiss his wife
o* Sundays! For the rest the types
are painfully possible. Mrs. Alvlng.
widow of the Chamberlain Alving, Is
the good woman who, after one revolt,
.has "stayed b^' her dissolute husband.
She has borneNhlm a son. The llttla
chap, beginning to ask questions. Is
sent to boarding, school. His mother
throughout his school d.iys and art stu
dent days in Paris, weaves tender lies
about th£ father for the son. Her final
lie Is the erection of an orphanage to
the memory of Alving. now dead.
For Oswald Alvings one may look
on the books at Agnew's, at Stockton.
There are terribly many of them. In
Paris the father's sins have found out
the son. "Worm-eaten from birth."
the physician tells him. He returns
home to await his fate and, crying
horribly for "the sun'" It comes upon
him. Nothing exceptional here.
I rather thought that I had dropped
into the wrong room -when I reached
Miss Helen Russell's the other day.
There was a usable looking: work bas
ket en the table with a neatly darned
stocking hanging over the edge. There
was a tiny lawn collar with a needle
sticking in its Half-finished bordering
of delicate feather stitching and other
soft, domestic truck about. And there
were two women before me who looked
like anything but burlesque queens.
"Miss Russell?" I asked, doubtfully.
The younger of the two put out a
shy, soft hand and confessed to being
Fischer's new leading lady.
If ••Gemini!" had been in my vocab
ulary I should have said it. It is with
in reason for a Mrs. Whiffen to look
like a bishop's lady, or an Ida Con
quest like a sweet girl graduate, but
It is the nest thing to a heartless
fraud on the public for a_ burlesque
queen not To look the part. And 'twere
rank profarity to picture Miss Helen
Rnssell stubbing: her toe on the chan
delier — in the immemorial fashion of
the queens of burlesque! She is the
kind of person — I thought as she seat
ed herself opposite to me — that you
would worshipfully ask for a recipe
for cooking ducks, that the small
boy would go to to get his nose
wined, that you'd be p'.ad to
have round after a hard day's
work. Handsome? Yes, in a comfy,
maternal wey. She has a pair of the
softest, kindest, shyest brown eyes you
can imagine, set in a small, oval face.
Her dark head is set upon a pair of
singer's shoulders, and Miss Russell is
more than common tail. I believe her
skirt was black. The simple waist of
dark b!ue silk, with its soft, small
white collar, had only a plain gold
breastpin as ornament.
I began: "They tell me this is your
first essay In. the burlesque line, Miss
Ruesell?"
"It is," she owned, with a little laugh
that would have been a giggle in a
slighter person.
"It must come curiously after your
other work?"
"They" had also told me that Miss
Russell had sung in grand opera and
with Scdchi.
"I like it." she said simply. "Not
that I mean to remain in it very long.
. I shall so back to grand opera. But I
thought the experience would do me
good, and then I have always wanted
to come to Saa Francisco."
"You wcre^in grand opera?"
"Yes, that is all I have done besides
a lilt;* concert work."
"With whom?"
* I was for two seasons with Scalchi
in operatic scenas — "
"That was in — "
" '96,'* she replied: "then I have been
with Signor Alberti most of the time
since."
• Alberti?"
"My husband," Miss Russell ex
plained simply.
"Sh". Buriesque queens must not
have any husbands — in print." I ad
vised, and Miss Russell laughed like a
child and put up plump hands to hide
blushes that are not put up in pots.
"Hoy.- did you ever come into bur
lesque!" I wondered to myself, and de
termined to take in Fischer's* at the
first opportunity. I had not then seen
Miss Russell on the stage. Aloud I
eaid: "SigTior Alberti sings also?"
"Indeed, yes." his wife replied, still
all dimples. "Sijrnor Alberti was also
with Scalchi. He has a repertoire of
sixty-five operas. He gave me my
first engagement."
"And then another kind of engager
merit'' — she wns too tempting.
She blushed and laughed ?-.gain de
lightfully, aa she nodded "Yes."
"Where did you study. Miss Rus
sell?"
"Tirst in Chicago — I was a Chicago
girl," she replied, "but that didn't
count."
"Oh, Helen!'* her friend, introduced
pjs Mrs. Pickering, reproached.
"Well, it didn't," "Helen" said com
fortably.
"Then you believe in foreign
study?"
"Yes, indeed." nodding trltll^pl&cfd
energy. "I studied in Chicago and
didn't &n anything there — perhaps it
wfs my fault — and then deter
mined to go right to Italy. I went
dirootiv to Verdi to ask him about it."
"You went to ask Verdi about
studying?" I echoed. "Wasn't that a
daring sort of thing to do — or per
haps you knew him?"
"No, I didn't." Miss Russell contra
dicted. "You see I knew he'd know,
and I wanted to find out" — delightfuly
simple!
"And he helped you?"
"He was very, very kind," Miss
Russell said, gratefully, "and I'm so
happy to think I had the courage to
go to him. I went riffht to his palace
• — at beautiful place! — in Genoa, and
he gave me letters to Busi in Bologna,
<Uie of the greatest teachers there
have ever been, I think."
"You don't seem the kind of person
to do that kind of thing." I murmured.
"Oh. I was never afraid of anything
then." Miss Russell rippled sleepily.
Her soft voice, In its »lazy, unruffled
flow, is as soothing as Mrs. Winslow's
syrup. She added, "In fact, I don't
think I am row."
"You spoke Italian V
"I spoke all I knew." she smiled.
"You know I was most fortunate to
get with Busl. He was very ill even
then, and had only one other pupil-
Rubinstein's son, by the way. I was
with him until he died, six months
afterward. I had <he last lesson he
ever gave. Busi was a great man.
He made many composers, conductors,
singers — you know he was head of the
Bologna Conservatory."
"And after Signor Busi?"
"I went then to Marches!."
"You liked her?"
"Oh. I wanted to go to some on- else
after I had been a few months with
her." the einger put In. "I went to
study with Mme. Laborde, Calve's
t teacher, after MarchesL She was very
good. I had two years !n Paris alto
gether. But I have learned much more
from Alberti than from any of them,"
the laughed.
"I should like to see this wonderful
Albert!—"
•You may — "
"He may come?"
"Do you think I would stay herp
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,? SUNDAY; JANUARY 17, 1904;
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;\ SUNDAY, / JANUARY 17, ;; 300-1,
ORDER OF AMERICA.
San Francisco Council No. 14 of the
Order of Americus held an infor
mal meeting last Tuesday evening
in Its hall in the Pioneer buildinc for
the purpose of celebrating the fifth an
niversary of the institution of the
council. The committee arranged a
pleasant evening for the members and
those who had been invited to attend.
Britannia Lodge of the Daughters of
SL George gave its first social of
the year In its hall in the Pythian Cas
tle January II- The committee In
charge of the affair extended an
•nvi'Uion to the sister lodges of the
order in this city and across the bay
and to the membership of the Sons of
St. George.
ORDER OF ST. GEORGE.
A. J. Weinert. for many years an
organizer for the Woodmen of the,
World, has retired frpni active work
in that organization to accept a po
sition as assistant State manager for
the Modern Brotherhood of America.
This is a frsrternal beneficiary associa
tion, started six years ago, which now
has 1230 subordinate lodges, with an
aggregate membership of 43.000, in
cluding 1000 social members. A lodge
of this association is being organized
in this city. '
MODERN BROTHERHOOD.
Mr. and Mrs. Robinson Riley have
forsaken the Santa Barbara villa Mira
mar for a few. months and have come
to San Francisco to visit during that
period. .
Mrs. Riley, formerly as Genevleve
Goad and later as the widow of Andrew
D. Martin, was one of the acknowl
edged beauties of our city of beautiful
women. ¦
That she will be entertained exten
sively, is a foregone conclusion. •
Mrs. Riley will nb~ doubt be seen
skimming over the asphalt' in her auto-
There has been no » engagement in
many moons that has transcended in
popular aDDroval that of- Miss : Flor
ence Callaghan and Vincent de La
vea'ga. No doubt the young people" are
pleased that their friends, are pleased.
Well, they are. This seems to be an
other "fit" marriage. The families of
both yc-ung people here, moved in the
same circles'and are firm friends. This
union will simply cement a friendship
of many years' standing.
* * - -. •
.Mrs. George C. Pardee, Chauncey M.
St. Johni Colonel and Mrs. Stratton,
Mr. and Mrs. William, Cluff, Mr. and
Mrs. Jules L. Brett. Judge Hall of Oak
land, Frank J. Dougherty,' Mr. and
Mrs. Charles H. Spear,; Mrs. Charlotte
Hall, Mr. and Mm. Gustavus Spear and
Joseph S. Spear Jr.
THREE SOCIAL'' STARS WHO
WILL SHINE ; THROUGH
OUT THE SEASON. '.
Mrs. Joseph S.. Spear. gave a delight
ful ijuncheon at the Palace grill on
Tuesday in ; honor ; of . the- birthday of
Mr; Spear.'> •.!.;,. .s-V.;
. The luncheon was. unique on account
of the. presence* of: men-^withotit whom
things - are \ undeniably stupid— and
among the, men j.was Governor Pardee,
who is ever a trump as a guest. .-.
'•, f Mrs. i Spear/- looked Wery lovely , in a"
black .velvet robe. ]¦ * - . * '
iThe "following"* guests' lunched with
Mrs. . and ' Mr. -; Spear: k Governor - and
.Yesterday. Mrs^ William A. Lange en
tertained ladies at luncheon at
her home, on Golden Gate avenue In
honor of Mrs. John P. Young, who de
parts for, Europe at an early date.
On : Thursday Mrs. • Frank "P. -Deering,.
gave a dinner which numbered \ among ¦
the smartest entertainments of ;. the ,
week. The,' decorations were wrought:
out in daffodils and hyacinths, and real
ly.made a beautiful tout ensemble. The.
guests, were 'Dr. arid Mrs. Harry Sher-'
man, Mr. /and Mrs. McLaren;' Mr/ and
Mrs. Horatio Livermore, Mr. arid Mrs. '
Walter MacGavln/ Mr.'and'Mrs;J. H.
Deering. '-[ • ¦" \ '¦. . i - '¦ - . -
at a luncheon th'ere on Monday last,
and the traditions of the ."Hutch" were
faithfully/ 'fulfilled. The following
guests partook of "Hutch" hospitality:
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton. Mr.
and Mrs. A. B. Costigan, Mri and Mrs.
John S. • Merrill,' ; Mrs.' Malcolm Henry,
Mrs. Harry' Macfarlane, ; Miss Gertrude
Dutton,: Harry Hoibrook, Harry Dut
tcn, Lieutenant' Fuchs and Mr. East
:wick:
¦The St. Dunstari^ has become a verit
able beehive ; for * society^ folk. 'And
either by* accident or design— or is it
telepathy?— so* many fair hostesses re
ceive on the same day. On : Monday
last Mrs. Grayson Duttori.Mrs. Gerrltt
Livingston; Lansing and Mrs. Augustus
B. Costigan - received their devoted
friends. -And; a merry; lot, of ; girls
issued periodically from the portals of
the hostelry. A pointH6"5O\vrimakers
-7-when in search of ) fnspiratfonysperid
a day on the 'steps 'of the: St. Dunstan.
* • •
• Among Mr. and Mrs. -Wilson's guests
¦were Mr. and. Mrs. William Cluff, Mr.
and Mrs. George Downey,- Mr. arid Mrs.
Henry Dutton, Mrs". Macfarlane, Miss
Bessie Wilson, Miss Pearl' Landers,
Miss Helen Wagner, Miss I Helen de
Young, Miss Constance de ; Young,, Miss
Jtnnie Blair,' Miss "Florence JBailey,
Miss Frances Harris. "Miss Helen Petti
grew, Miss Kathryn Herrin, Miss Gert
rude : Campbell/ Miss Gertrude Dutton,
Edgar Mlzner, ;* Edward M. Greenway,
Clarence Folllsr George Field, Richard
M. Hotaling, J. Howell, Judge
gan, -Frank, Owen;. Reddlck Duperu,
Lieutenant Kuznik (U. : S. A.). Percy
King," Gerald '¦ Buckley, William Smith,'
Douglas Waterman and Athole Mc-
Bean. . • -
" Monday night was prolific of func
tions. The much-feted Miss. Clvff and
her fiance, Jack Wilson,,were the guests
of honor > at a. sumptuous 'dinner at the
Palace grill, the. hosts being Mr. and
Mrs. Alexander Wilson.- ,;• The /azalea,
beloved by all who love beautiful blos
soms, decorated the table in charming
fashion. ' • » '
The fair guest of honor must have
gene to her slumbers dreaming of the
radiant picture. " '
The Whittell ball, given in honor of
Miss Florence Whittell, was one of the
season's successes. The decorations
were prodigal— what a joy to live in a
climate that gives - life to roses, carna
tions and sister blossoms in midwinter!
Mr. Whittell availed . himself , well of
the flowers that bloom in the— winter,
and they made a fit setting for the
maids and matrons (of the latter a
few). •
Robert M. Eyre, Mr. Ingalls and many
others.
S What a mysteriously jolly place the
"Hutch" must be! They "do things so
cleverly there.' One never hears of be
ing bored; once' within its hallowed
walls no sound of woe was ever known
to enter. " 'Tis said that the genii of joy,
of genius and of good fellowship dwell
within, and the grosser cares of the
day are put in 'cold storage in the cel
lar. ''
Albeit, whenever a little dinner or a
luncheon is given' over yonder not many
invitations return with regrets.
* Claude. Terry Hamilton was the host
Try Mondays/ It's cold sitting, but it
will reward you.'
The following named were install
ed last week as the officers of San
Francisco Chapter of the Royal Arch
Masons in the Masonic Temple by
Past High Priest J. W. Anderson:
James Edward Gordon, high priest;
Gustave Gunzendorfer, king; E. A.
Busche, scribe; Benjamin Harris,
treasurer; Henry G. Prince, secretary;
F. L. Wright, captain of the host; A.
H. Merrill, royal arch captain; M. L.
Asher, principal sojourner; Henry C.
Schaertzer, W. Alexander and F. L.
Hanson, masters of the vail; E. Gil
berts, guard; T. K. Wittlch. organist
At the conclusion of the ceremony
High Priest McDougall, who retired
from office, was presented with a cost
ly oriental rug and a life member
ship certificate. Then followed a ban
quet in Commandery Hall, a music
programme and speeches by the out
going and new officers.
MASONIC.
King Solomon Lodge at its first meet-
Ing in January had work in conferring
the degree and the new officers did
well. There was a pleasant social hour
after the work of the evening. It Is the
determination of the worthy matron.
Mrs. Jane Dawson, with the assistance
of the other officers of the chapter, to
have a good work term and a first-class
social one as well.
Mission Chapter, at its first meeting
in the month. Initiated several candi
dates, and after the ceremony and
other business there was an adjourn
ment to the banquet hall, where a sup
per was served. In order to make the
affair more than ordinarily interesting
there was a display of parlor fireworks.
Olive Branch Chapter will have
three candidates to initiate at Its next
meeting. ,
EASTERN STAR.
Whispered into my o'erwilling ears
a day or two ago was the fact of an
impending engagement between the
scion of one of our best Southern fam
ilies to — well, to a singer in New. York
— and such a singer I Beautiful, bril
liant, good and a song-bird, . what a
roseate outlook for any fellow! And
this particular fellow is fully aware of
the wondrous allurements of his song
bird. If the tale be true, and I doubt
not but it Is, there will be. weeping and
walling for another lost "catch.". Who
Miss Stella Kane. Miss Charlotte El
linwood. Miss Linda Cadwallader and
Miss Susanne Blanding are the girls
who will precede the fair Miss Drown
to the altar, while her no less lovely
sister will serve as maid of honor.
There Is no doubt that St. Luke's, will
be well garlanded for the glad event,
and may the warm sun shine! "Super
stition?". No; only rain is dreary and
— damp. ''
A reception at the Drown home will
follow the church service.
On Saturday next the lovely Bernie
Drown will become the bride of Samuel
Hort Boardman. Lucky man! And
equally lucky girl!
There's something really worth while
in a union where suitability is the ba
sis upon which Jove is reared. Other
things being equal, it is the only safe
marriage. This sort of a marriage is
rarely carried with tears and recrim
inations and reproaches into the pre
cincts of the courts for annulment,
and for the psychological reason of
suitability. . What happiness could
exist beyond the saccharine honey
moon of a union twixt the but
ler and his mistress, or a banker
and his housemaid? Of the two
the latter would have the better
chance, but the exigencies of our pres
ent standards of living render "un
equal" matches things to be shunned,
if happiness in its best sense is to be
attained.
What a brilliant performance that
was- of Miss Celia Tobin's last week,
when she followed the hounds from
Burlingame, taking eighteen fences in
capital style. She finished with her
brother. Those who saw the young
woman and her mount take the fenoes
proclaim her one of the best horse
women in the West — and in the West
horsewomanship (this is not Webster-
Ian, but it ought to be) means some
thing more than cantering through the
park.
Moral: Let our girls stay "to hum,"
where they are wanted, and marry fel
lows of mental and physical— and some
moral — health, reared under the same
institutions and standards as them
selves, and where they will not be
forced "to bend the pregnant hinges of
the knee" to idle, intriguing pensioners
on the bounty of "them that work."
There are reefs aplenty in, the' matri
monial sea without embarking under a
new charter, with a new master, in a
new ship, upon strange seas.
when the Duchess of Marlborough an
nounces a series of affairs — and you
can bank on it that they will be smart
— in honor of the Roxburghe lady. Now,
of course, no woman in the empire has
the hardihood to incur the displeasure
of the Lady of Marlborough, and thus
ly will she land her American cousin
high and dry on the softest spot in the
empyrean circle.
Last week a musical programme was
rendered by a number of society maids
and matrons under the auspices of the
Twentieth Century -Music- Club," and
the quality and the quantity alike were
as a compliment to the growing musical
tastes of "San Francisco.
The following programme was pre
sented: . ; .
A trio for.: vjolin, ' violoncello and
piano, rendered by Miss Ramus, Miss
Ames and Miss Hulda Anderson, after
which came a vocal quartet by Miss
Katharine Powers, Miss Ruth Quinan,
Miss Grace Buckley and Miss Mattie
Livermore; two songs from "In a Per
sian Garden," by Miss Gertrude
Wheeler; two piano solos by Mis* do
Fremery of Oakland; a vocal trio from
"Elijah," by Mrs. Willard Drown, Miss
Livermore and Miss Gertrude ¦Wheeler;
a violoncello solo; by Miss Bessie Ames,
and the last number was a song by
Miss Little, who has recently returned
from some years' study abroad. Many
'guests were present besides the mem
bers, and after the programme tea and
punch were served. Among : those
present were: Mrs. PringTe, , Mrs. Mc-
Gaviri, Mrs. James Ellis -Tucker, Mrs.
Ashe, Mrs. Mezes, Mrs. Wynne, Mrs.
Benjamin Eathrop, Mrs. Norman Mc-
Laren, Mrs. Frederick Tallant, .Mrs.
Worfhington Ames, Mrs. S. G. Wheel
er, Mrs. A. H. Voorhies, ; Mrs. i H. C.
Miller, Mrs. J. C. Gregory, 'Mrs. A... F.
Rodgers, Mrs.- V Sidney M. Van Wyck
Jr.; Mrs. Latham McMullin, Mrs.
Nokes, Mrs. Lester Herrick, Miss Meta
Graham, Miss Sylvia Harris," Miss Vas
sault, the Misses . Friedlander," Miss
Helen Wheeler, Miss Irwin, i Miss Bes
sie McNear, Miss* Pringle, Miss Hess
Pririgle, Miss Cornelia Campbell,-^ Miss
Rodgers, Miss Elizabeth Livermore,
Miss Parks, Miss Hamilton; v Pelham
Ames, Wallace Sabln', Charles Marks,
• • •
-One of the most delightful affairs of
the week was the dancing party given
last > Monday night by Miss Mar
garet Wilson" and the Misses "Allen, at
the Allen residence, In honor of Miss
Marian Huntington, the debutante. The
merry maidens _assumed for the _ hour
the privileges of the men-folk, and,
well— It is needless to state that this
privilege of "selection" was a joy. Any
old scores evened up? The young la
dies say nay. What a ; galloping, gay
year this promises to be, ; when- the
girls will have an even chance to score!
The following young . ladies showed
the" men-folk how to conduct them
selves according to feminine standards:
Miss Christine Pomeroy, Miss Lucy
Gwin Coleman, Miss Elizabeth Hunt
ington, Miss Marian Huntington, Miss
Elizabeth Livermore, Miss Frances Mc-
Kinstry, Miss Margaret Mee, Miss
Ethel Kent, Miss Florence Gibbons,
Miss Marjorie Gibbons,/ Miss * Mattle
Milton, Miss Maud Woods, Miss Mabel
Toy. Miss ElsieSTallant. The following
gentlemen took heed: Major Stephen
son, Captain Johnston, Hubert Mee,
Wilbur Burnett, Lieutenant Shinkle,
Sherril Schell, Fletcher Hamilton,- Lu
cius Allen, Will Breeze. Brockway Met
calf, Everett Bee, Norman Livermore
and Perry Evans.
• ' • •
is he? Ah! That would be betraying
a trust at this time, and newspaper
folk do sometimes keep trusts— but not
often, 'tis true. /
"Already there is a vast amount of
vulgar ostentation in what is called the
smart London set. owing to the im
port of colonial millionaires, which
raises the standard of fashionable ex
istence and lowers and degrades the
tone of that society into which bo
many aspire to enter to the despic
able level of competing with pluto
crats of Newport and New York. This
can only increase if we are to have
American golden girls who become
peeresses also making London the field
of their barbaric lawlessness."
And that after we had sent over to
Albion no fewer than fifty millions of
dollars in the last five or bIx years, and
thereby saved the honorable names of
Marlborough and Manchester from be
ing dragged through the ignominy of
the bankruptcy courts, which distinct
ly is not a nice proceeding for two very
nice gentlemen. But Labouchere ap
parently is not grateful for the cash.
Few Englishmen are.
And now some of the lorgnetted
ladies of London with daughters on
the matrimonial block have declared
a boycott on the newest Invoice from
America, the Duchess of Roxburghe,
and will withdraw their apoplectic ap
proval of her io the Lunnon social set
Now comes a demonstration of the
-blood thicker than water" theory,
What thinkest thou, my American
sister, of the following excerpt from
the brain of Henry Labouchere, mem
ber of Parliampnt and one of the Rad
ical leaders in the House. Herein Is
his opinion of you: '"I am surprised
that home producers of girls have not
already approached Chamberlain and
begged him to include in the scheme
some arrangement to exclude from our
shores the dumping of American girls.
The latter compete with the home mar
ket under most unfair conditions. Their
parents, by means of trusts and such
like pernicious associations, are able
to give their daughters vast sums of
money, and in this way they are able
to compete unfairly for the best home
customer in the matrimonial market.
"It may be said that our nation profits
owing to these wealthy girls spending
the money with which they are freight
ed in England. The benefit, however,
is questionable.
Where, where else, indeed, than in
our own New Italy could man behold a
lovelier lot of maidens than have this
winter made their first obeisance to
society — lovely not alone in the phy
sical sense, but in their astuteness,
self-poise and ability "to do things"?
They can plan and execute a function
with the sang f roid of a grande dame.
It is this very knowledge of the
throbbing, hoping and fearing of the
human heart that differentiates the
American debutante from her coun
terpart over the sea. In like fashion,
differing only a degree, the debutante
of the West differs from her proto
type in the East; for with the free
dom of the West, the largeness of her
environment, and the inherent buoy
ancy of the air, she grows Hebe-like,
sun-kissed and lovely, volatile, yet
stable and gay, but grave when dis
aster falleth.
Avaunt! ye who think the debu
tante a thoughtless, purposeless crea
ture, half-sister to the butterfly —
whose day-dreams are of teas, togs
and tattles, and whose nights are
pieced out with balls, suppers, ro
mances — and a wee bit of slumber.
Not they! Oh, no; the debutante of
to-day is a prismatic creature, many-
Bided and vari-colored, developed at
home, at school and abroad, until at
her official presentation to the social
work she possesses a very fair knowl
edge of music, art and literature —
built, of course, upon the substructure*
of a general education — and a knowl
edge of the world and its actors, (ob
tained largely from travel at home
and abroad), and through that very
acquaintance of men and women she
becomes a part of the vital world,
¦with its hopes, passions, failures and
unrests.
Mrs. Joseph D. Grant gave a lunch
eon the other day at her home on
Broadway in honor of Mrs. Allen
Lewis of Portland, Or., at which she
entertained eight guests besides the
guest of honor.
Miss Gertrude White of Portland. Or.,
is living at the Hotel Eristol, and will
be at home Mondays.
Mr. and Mrs. Allen Wallace of New
York have Joined Mrs. Loughborough
and Miss Josephine Loughborough in
Italy.
It is whlsDered that the "Colorado
Belle" may .be repeated for sweet char
ity's sake. What a performance that
would be! And wouldn't the "box of
fice", wear a smile? I was in hopes the
troupe would help swell the fund for
the Landmarks League, to save old
Mission San Antonio, but it looks as
though the Polyclinlc would be the
beneficiary. Wherever It goes, how
ever, it will go for some good purpose.
Mrs. de Young, who is virtually busi
ness manager*for the clever actor men
and women, will see to that. And the
Polyclinic Is her especial protege, and
no worthier cause exists. Success to it.
"Who was the handsomest woman at
the Pattl fiesta?" Who, indeed? After
hearing the case tried before compe
tent jurors, true and tried. In matters
of feminine charms, 'twas concluded
that Miss Charlotte Russell was the
queen of the night. Miss Russell 13 the
fiancee of Clement Tobln. Proud of
her? "Why, he seems to be.
mobile, of which she is an ardent lover.
THE CLEVER DEBUTANTE
20ALEXANDRA, THE ILL CZAR
INA OF • RUSSIA, WHO IS
APPEALING FOR PEACE.
"PERRY S. HEATH, Secretary."
HAXXAS FRIENDS HOPEFUL.
WASHINGTON. Jan. . 16.— Senator
Hanna, chairman of the Republican
National Committee, after Issuing the
formal call for the Republican national
convention, to-day was questioned con
cerning his attitude toward the Presi
dential nomination.
"I wish you would not talk to me
about that." said he. "I have been botft
cred about it until I am tired. I have
said that I was not a candidate."
Notwithstanding Hanna's declara
tion, pressure from his friends is
stronger and more insistent now than
tit any timt;. He is receiving 400 to 500
!«tters a das', most of them asking him
io allow the use of his name, and
>thers suggesting that he say noth
ing more, but leave himself in the
sands of his friends. There is no con
cealment of the fact that his admirers
believe that they can yet force Hanna
'/nto the convention and make a demon
it ration against the President. The
question was«asked him bluntly to-day:
"If you are nominated, will you de
cline?"
Hanna declined to answer.
Learns of Missionaries' Peril.
JACKSOX.- Miss.", Jan. 16.— Bishop
C. B. Galloway of the Methodist Epis
copal Church (South) to-day cabled
to all Methodist missionaries in Ko
rea instructions to move into Seoul
immediately or- go- at" once to Japan.
The Bishop received advices that the
missionaries' lives were In great dan
ger. ¦'¦¦ '
FRE5CH CRUISERS . TO ' SAIL.
Two Vessels to; Be Added to Squadron
on Asiatic Station.
CHERBOURG,; Jan. 16.— The French
cruiser Chasseloup-Laubat , has : been
ordered to get ready for sea withall
speed and proceed"- to China to relieve
the cruiser Pascal.' >While - the .orders
contemplate i the" relief of the Pascal ', in
Chinese i waters, it It' is ;understood ¦ that
both vessels will 'remain, on" the Asiatic
station for "the present. *•
TOULON, ;Jan. 16.^-Trials of the
French :5 cruiser ¦ Sully Vto-day * proved
satisfactory "and; the ship is : expected
totbeready ,to . sail in '¦ a few days for
China*! ''.¦' * •".'"'•<.*:¦!
Continued on Faze -2. Column f •
.With reference to the apostles, Van
Cott '- said " it '• was his information that
six or seven of the;twelve were poly
gamists. but he added* that none, of
them were living in polygamous cohab
itation.
.- ST. LOUIS,- Jan. 16.— A man giving
his name as; Robert Frazer engaged a
room at a Market street 'lodging- house
last night and '-to-day .was i found dead
in the bathroom. There was nothing to
show the cause of his death. 'The po
lice say,he;was from' Oakland,' Cal. in
a* memorandum bo6k" was 1 ¦ the address
of Mrs. D. Y. Pyle. 2223 Cleveland ave
nue, Philadelphia.
ator. Smoot's | behalf.- He referred first
to the act of the Utah Legislature nul
lifying the anti-polygamy act, \ and he
confirmed what Taylor had stated—
that the bill had been vetoed by a Mor
mon Governor. He said Senator, Smoot
had nothing to do with the passage of
that bill . and should- not be charged
With It' : . ¦ - "¦¦¦ ' '-. ¦<-,<:./?¦¦•-
Oakland, CaL
Death Comes to Man Known as Rob
• ertFrazcr. and Presumably From '
STRANGER FOUND
. . /DEAD: IX BATHROOM
The appeal for clemency of Second
Lieutenant Thomas Murtaugh, Artil
lery; Corps," convicted of- duplicating
his /pay; accounts and other/ offenses
and sentenced ', to ¦ dismisal .and two
years'' imprisonment, j is denied.. , . . * /
. Major General ." Corbin," commanding
the r>epartment of the .East,- has ap
proved the sentence. - in ? the case of
First Lieutenant : Richard . B.v Going,
Fifteenth; Cavalry, -convicted by | court
martial V at i Fort Ethan Allen, Vt., ¦ of
absence ; from drill ? and . conduct unbe
coming an officer to the prejudice '-. of
military discipline ; and t sentenced ; to
confinement ¦ to ; the limits \ of r his • post
for ! six months • and* to • forfeit $30 of his
pay to the United States." •¦ :\:
.' WASHINGTON. Jan. 16. —After a
conference with Judge Advocate Gen-'
eral Davis, Secretary 'Root' acted to
day on a number of court-martial cases
which will now go to the President for
final action. The Secretary has recom
mended.the remission of' the unexpired
portion of the sentence in the case of
First . Lieutenant "': Knud , Knudson.
Seventh Infantry, convicted of embez
zlement and sentenced to dismissal and
Imprisonment. .
Secretary , \ Root has recommended
approval of the sentence . of dismissal
in- the case of First* Lieutenant; Hector
Robichon, .Thirteenth 'Infantry,, con
victed, of." conducts unbecoming; an of
ficer'and a' gentleman. -. . • .. -^ ;*
Lieutenant Going Sentenced
' to Confinement, at .Garrison
for His Unbecoming Conduct
OTHER EEC03IMEXDATI0NS
Secretary irKoot Approves the
Penalty" of Dismissal Im
posed Upon , -the Officer
'"Hall. has been '. aware all along. that
his "father possessed, the property, but
considered; it worthless. * Recently he
learned the true character of the land
and put'the matter in the hands of at
torneys,, who report that, there is' no
question as to the validity of his title.
¦ The land was purchased by Hall's
father- for^25 cents an acre, but has
since risen in value to $10 to $25. Hall
and an unmarried sister, who died, re
cently, , became heirs to this -property
on ; their, father's' death in 1871. :
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. .16.— Robert F.
Hail, a manufacturer's agent, who has
been in_business in this city for the
past twenty-six years, has fallen heir
to an. estate of about -150,000 acres of
coal' land located in Morgan, Putnam,
Humboldt, Fentress and Overton coun
ties, Tennessee, valued at about $3,750.
000.'
BID ARMY 1D1EC
Portal Man Finds
Himself Worth
I a Fortune.
" BERLIN,- Jan. .16.— The Minister 'of
Justice, Herr.Ruhstrat Jr., of the grand
duchy of Oldenburg, has been fined $5
by the criminal. court of Oldenburg.-.the
capital of the grand duchy,' for insult
ing Editor Biermann in the recent gam
bling controversy, Herr Biermann is in
jail, having been convicted of libel. ; !
Fined for Insulting an Editor.
\ Lieutenant- Colonel Dabovsky would
say little concerning his visit to this
country at such a critical period fur
ther than that he Is on hits way to
Paris and that 'from there he 'will go
direct to St. Petersburg.
"The imperial Government." said he,
"fully appreciates that Russia is not
prepared for war at this time. Russia
has realized that Port Arthur needs a
stronger defense and' she is exerting
all her energy. towarS perfecting her
defensive position there.' There are
now 400 sains at Port Arthur, whereas
the Government figures that it should
have at least 750, and it will take be
tween four and six months to get* the
additional number to the expected
scene of war operations. >.
-•^'Another, serious condition that is
confronting Russia is the fact - that
her people are now in the midst of a
winter. Should war be. declared with
Japan and the Russian, -Government
seek to press her subjects into service
during the cold months and to attempt
to curtail their food supplies uprisings
might follow and greatly handicap the
War Office In carrying out its plans.
Our j Government readily realizes ' that
Japan knows Russia's predicament
and is ¦ eager to b. r ins: about war - at
the earliest possible date. >.J am afraid
that; if war .be- declared Tand Japan
succeed in occupying Korea with her
military, forces Russia will stand little
chance of overcoming the' Japanese.
S "Of- course it is nonsense to suggest
the. possibility of Japan capturing
Port Arthur . by ' the way of the sea,
for Russia. has a big fleet guarding
that point. It is hard to tell, how
ever, just what Russia may be able to
do in the event; of. an .attack by land
forces on Port Arthur. I am confi
dent that in the end we will defeat the
Japanese, but it will take many years.
It is this feeling at home that is caus
ing our 'greatest* diplomats to exert
every effort toward staving off hostili
ties until Russia has been able to bet
ter fortify herself against' her oppo
nents, who are acknowledged to be
well prepared for a' hard and pro
long-ed ' flght.".. *
Lieutenant-Colonel Dabovsky of the
Russian army, who has been in Man
churia for nearly four years/arrived
from the Orient on yesterday's steam
ship and , is registered at the Occi
dental'Hotel. In discussing the war
situation in the Far East he made the
assertion yesterday Che had made- it
previously on several occasions drring
the voyage from China) that Russia Is
fearful of war with Japan and is\ioing
everything in her power to delay a
declaration of hostilities for at least
several months.
MILLIONS
IN AGENTS
HERITAGE
Viceroy Alexieff and Baron de Ro
sen, as well as the foreign officers,
are studying the Japanese document.
\rmy and navy circles continue pessi
mistic. The best feature of the situa
tion is the fact that the Japanese re
ply has in no sense the character of
an ultimatum. It ia couched in pa
cific terms, does not fix a time limit
and acceptance by Russia of certain
of the propositions therein marks an
advance toward a settlement.
Many rumors are afloat, including a
report that an actual naval fight ha*
occurred at Vladivostok. Another ru
mor industriously spread declares that
the Czar ¦ on • parting with Minister
Kurlno.on the occasion of the New
Year's reception^ speakins in French,
remarked to him "the patience of
Russia is almost exhausted." The
story, however, is palpably untrue, as
the Czar and M. Kurino spoke in
"Neither Russia nor Japan desire3
war," continued the secretary. "Jap
an has no interest in undermining the
international prestige of Russia. The
central point of the difficulty is Ko
rea, on the subject of which, however,
it is quite possible that an understand
ing will be reached at no distant date.
Japan does not claim a protectorate
over Korea. She only demands the
right of free trade i~ Korea and Man
churia. Japanese trade with Man
churia could be established in such ?u
manner as to give Russia equivalent
advantages for ajiy loss for the open
ing of the Manchurian markets, j Rus
sia's interests ¦ could be further safe
guarded by a Russo-Japanese com
mercial treaty." .
"The news which reaches the'lega
tions is of a thoroughly reassuring
character," said- th* secretary of the
Japanese legation in an interview to
day, published by the Bourse. Gazette.
According to a dispatch from Port
Arthur ( Viceroy Alexieff, addressing
the troops on the occasion of the New.
Year's parade on January 14, de
clared that "it is the will of the Em
peror that peace shall be preserved
in the Far East."
The Czarina's illness is becoming;
serious and is giving the Czar fresh
cause for worry. It is announced that
she is suffering from pleurisy, and:
the first court ball of - the season,
wlfich was set for January 25, has
been postponed in consequence of her.
illness, to February 2.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 16.— It ts
already practically certain that Rusv
sia will not accept Japan's last prop
osition as an entirety. Russia is ready.
to agree to certain points, but on
others the Foreign Office believes Rus
sia cannot yield. The officials are of
the opinion that the way la open for
continuing the negotiations and there
is no indication that Russia will seek
to delay her answer, which probabl/.
wifl be ready in a few days.
The Czar continues to talk peace
and both the Dowager Czarina and
the Czarina are exerting all their in
fluence toward curbing the war sen*
timent in court circles.
"War is a horrible thing," exclaim
ed the Dowager, in conversation*
"There will not be war."
Russia Cannot Accept Tokio's Propo*
.sitlon in Its Entirety.
WILL REJECT JAPA2PS TERMS.
Says Russia Is
Not Prepared
for War.
- ROME, . Jan. , 16.— The . Duke of j Or
leans 'has .interrogated '. several j Car
dinalsand other. prelates orTthe.possi
bility : of 'his annulling, his marriage to
Archduchess Marie, on the ground that
he was forced into the union. , r*The
views >he has, received, from all .those
whom h» has approached are more or
less against annulment. , *v \ •
Duke of .Orleans^ Receives . Little/En
- couragement 1< rom -the Cardinals I
.....-,,.¦ , f on . the -Subject. - ; ' : -^
PROJECT OF -DIVORCE :j ,
. ; . FINDS ; LITTLE FAVOR
WIFE OF , MORMON WHO ' , I S
FIGHTING FOR i HIS SEAT
IN SENATE.
. Regarding^ the main issue Baron
Hayashi and the Foreign Office had no
information. -Neither. at. the Japanese
legation nor.^at the Foreign Office is
it expected that any trustworthy indi
cation of the Russian action will be
obtainable for several days. The ex
cessive-apprehension prevailing in the
best informed quarters here that Rus
sia's answer will precipitate war la
based'more uponthe knowledge of the
attitude" Russia has taken during the
previoufe phases of the controversy
rather than on any definite informa
tion of Russia's intention under the
present acute circumstances.
Not even, the* Czar's * pacific utter
ances however, can dispel the fear
which pervades' British officials that
Russia will not give in. King "Ed
ward continues' to use his personal in-
Huence to . an '» almost unprecedented
extent to persuade: the' Czar to main
tain peace,; but'; the King's Ministers
appear to have practically given up
.hope'that-a resort to arms can be
averted, thoufeh -the most pessimistic
persons do hot look for any-culmina
tion of ;thfe crisis within* three- weeks.
The suggested intervention in the
shape of tendering their good offices
on the fiart of the powers is now gen
erally declared here to be : ; quite 1 im
possible.- How determined Japan is to
face . all, the ' eventualities can .be
judged from the fact that she is nego
tiatirig- in England "for the construc
tionof four battleships— not' two bat
tleships, as previously reported. The
negotiations . are not yet closed, but
the contract is likely to be given » to
the- largest English firm within a
week. The firm in question informs
the press that it. is satisfied Japan is
able to caiTy on - a possible war long
enough to pay for and use the vessels,
which necessarily could not be ready
within years. . .'.¦;'' . ";
The Spectator now regards war : as
inevitable.'; in which it merely follows
up its own significant line of argument
that a. Russo-Japanese war would be
to Great "Britain's advantage" so -long
as Great Britain is, only an onlooker
and while the struggle do'es not in
volve any, other powers. The Specta
tor had previously pointed out in
guarded language" that 'such la* war
was -likely" to leave both Russia' -and
Japan crippled, " ; ; neither gaining: a
great ; advantage ; over the; other,
which suggests the' deduction current
in official circles here that in this
event Great Britain would be in a bet
ter position to foster her sphere of, in
fluence in the Far East, unmenaced by
the' fear / 'of':-. Japan becoming a too
paramount < power in that quarter of
the globe.' ' Baron Hayashi said hu
morously, to-night:
/"Great Britain and America, might
well raise a subscription: irv our be
half, ifor.rif; war.; results and we win
they are bound by it.". .
LONDON, Janl : 16.— In the opinion
of the British /Government the end of
this' week does riot' mark "any change
in the' Far i Eastern crisis, "which more"
than ever keepsrdipl'omatic, circles in
London- in a .state of anxiety. 1 ".' V
r The . latest.- arid, if it has .been true,
the --most^'serious- 'statements — namely,;
.that '.Russia •. intendeds to;- risk sending
her. f JJlack Sea* Beet through the Dar
danelles' — received, to-day a positive
deh<aKfr6m'the Foreign Office. Baron
Hayashi, the Japairese Minister, visited
Downing street 'and - was told that,
after-makine -minute inquiries, .the
British- authorities were convinced
ttiat the. report was unfounded., . . -".
Senator McComas asked whether there
was any one present who appeared for
the person who charged Smoot with be
ing a polygamist. No one answered
him, and Worthington said that if any
one did appear to support that charge
it must be borne in mind that Smoot
had positively denied it. He referred to
Bmoot's answer setting forth the cir
cumstances of his marriage, .which
Worthington" said was the only' mar
riage he has ever contracted.
Van Cott made a statement in Sen-
CHARGE IS UNSUPPORTED.
In reply Worthington said the state
ments made by Taylor, differed very,
materially from the charges' made., in
the formal statements and "he asked
for time in which to make a reply,
which -was granted.
Worthington agreed that there was
no limit to the power of the-Senate'to
pass upon the nullification of its' own
members, but contended that its Juris
diction was limited.. Heathen "laid
down the general proposition that the
Senate was without Jurisdiction of of
fenses" which may have been > com
mitted before a member became : a
Senator, unless committed in connec
nectlon with his election. ' l '
"Do you mean." asked Senator Pet
tus, a member of the committee, "that
this body is not permitted to inquire as
to any moral quality as to one. of its
members with a view to his expulsion —
that no matter what he did or said be
fore his election, the election purified
him?"
Worthington. replied that such "was
his meaning. v-;.,v'*.
3. As shown by their teaching and
by their own lives, this body of men
has not abandoned belief in polygamy
and polygamous cohabitation. On the
contrary, (a). as the ruling authorities
of the church they promulgate in the
most solemn manner the doctrine of
polygamy without reservation; (b) the
president of the Mormap church" and a
majority of the twelve apostles now
practice polygamy and polygamous co
habitation and so/ne of them have
taken polygamous - wives since the
manifesto of 1890.
4. Though pledged by ¦ the i com
rwact of statehood and bound by the
law of their commonwealth, this su
preme body, whose voice is lg,w to Its
people and whose members -were -in
dividually directly responsible for
good faith to the A'merican people,
permitted without protest or objection
their legislators to pass, a law. nullify
ing the statute against polygamous co
habitation. . . » , «,
POLYGAMY IS ALLEGED.
Taylor began hi3 statement i by
saying that he did not know that any
proof would be presented in support of
the charges that Smoot was apolyga
mist. He took up the question of the
right of the Senate to expel a member,
contending that, the Senate's authority
in the matter. was. limited only, by the
question of propriety. / On this point of
testimony, Taylor said, the protestants
expected to prove the . following
charges:
1. The Mormon priesth^aod, according
to the doctrine of the church and the
belief and practice of Its membership,
is vested with and- assumes to exer
cise supreme authority in all things
temporal and spiritual, civil and polit
ical. The head of the church claims to
receive divine revelations and these
Reed Smoot, by his covenants' and ob
ligations, is bound to accept and obey.
. 2. The first presidency and twelve
apostles, of whom Reed Smoot is one,
Is supreme in exercising the authority
of the church and in the transmission
of authority to their successors. Each
of them is called a prophet, seer and
revelator.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 1«.— TheSenate
Committee on Privileges and Elections
met to-day to hear the presentations'
of the attorneys involving the right of
Senator Reed Smoot of Utah to occupy
his seat. Former Representative Tay
lor of Ohio was heard for some of the
Protestants, ' and T. \P. Stephenson.for
those who are representing tire
al Reform Association. A. S.Worthing
ton arid Waldemar Van' Cott were
present on behalf of Senator Smoot r
who also was called in attendance..'
Committee on Elections
Hears Arguments
of Counsel.
Russia Is Not
Expected to
Yield.
• "The agent" or chief reliance of this
speculative '¦ \ syndicate • was --Philippe
Bunau-Varilla, ; the, present Minister : of
tHePanafha?.- republic .to \ the" United
States. •" A" leading. member of . the syn
dicate iwsis>Mlt}istcr^;Varilla'S5brother,'
>Maurice^«frp^t^lt<*^%th^^Ma«rn 1
a/Paris nqwspapery^Stta1&es**of» theLPaVi^
a'mafCanaljCorapariy^when^the'brokqrs
;toolc hold '"of '. the' revolutionary "project*
were selling at 71 on the P/aris. bourse;'
Yesterday they : were 'selling ¦ at J 115.
The profits of" the "syndicate at ! the
present prices • are a '.estimated \ 'at
$4,000,000.", :•;:-.¦, . : ; > i-,7.-; . . : ."'-
"These facts- show that the'Penama*
revolution" was fostered and • promoted
in many ways by a syndicate- of New
York and Paris ¦ brokers, who had
formed an immense' pool for speculat
ing in the shares -and other securities
of the Panama Canal Company.- This
syndicate furnished . $100,000, which was
used by the,' revolutionary -party,' in
Panama tp perfect the revolution. \ Of
this money $3000 -was used .to bribe the
Colombian troops' and get them- to
leave the. isthmus; v
"The .World gathered ¦ these , facts
from . a • man who took an active part
in the events described.; The greatest
care was taken to substantiate all of
the statements here given. Fauts gath
ered/from one source were submitted
to others, usually those with interests
antagonistic * to"- the original inform
ants, and a complete check was made
by the .World, as far as it -could pos
sibly be done, to -verify "allot its infor
mation. • . . - ..
NEW YORK, . Jan. . . 16.— The World
prints a^ page article .under, the cap
tion, "Panama Revolution Stock Gam
bling Plan to Make Millions. 1 ; .The ar
ticle says: , . . <
Speculators Reap Profit in the Imme
diate Rise in Value of Canal
• Company Stock.
"All notices of contests shall be sub
mitted in writing, accompanied by a
printed statement setting forth the
prounds for the contest, which shall be
filed with the secretary of the national
committee twenty days prior to the
meeting of the national convention, and
will be acted on In order of filing.
"M. A. HANXA, Chairman.
"The Territorial delegates shall be
elected In the manner of nominating
candidates for Delegates in Congress,
and delegates from Alaska and Indian
Territory shall be elected by popular
convention.
'"The Congressional district delegates
shall be elected by conventions called
by the Congressional committee of each
district in the manner of nominating
the candidate for Representative in
Congress in said district, provided that
In any Congressional district where
there is no Republican Congressional
Committee the Republican State Com
mittee shall appoint from the Republi
can residents in such district a commit
tee for the purpose of electing delegates
for the representation of the district?
"The selection of delegates from the
District of Columbia shall be held un
der the direction and supervision of an
election board composed of Chapin
Brown, George H. Harris and John F.
Cook. Such board shall have authority
to fix the date of such election and to
arrange all details and regulations in
cident thereto, and shall provide for a
registration of the votes cast, such reg
istration to include the name and resi
dence of each voter.
"All delegates shall be elected not
less than thirty days before the meet
ing of the national convention. Dele
srates at large shall be elected by popu
lar State and Territorial conventions,
of which at least thirty days' notice
shall have been published in some
newspaper or newspapers of general
circulation in the respective States and
Territories.
3IETIIOD OF ELECTION.
*>a»-h Congressional district and the
District of Columbia two delegates.
From each of the Territories of Ari
zona, New Mexico. Oklahoma and Ha
waii and Indian Territory, six dele-
Rates. From Alaska four delegates. For
rach delegate elected to the convention
an alternate delegate shall be elected,
such alternate delegate to be elected a*
the time and in the manner of electing
the delegate's.
•'The Republican electors of the sev
eral States and Territories, the District
of Columbia. Alaska and Indian Terri
tory, and all other electors without re
prard to party affiliations who believe in
the principles of the Republican party
and indorse its policies, are cordially
invited to unite under this call in the
selection of candidates for President
and Vice President.
SCHEME OF APPORTIOX3IEVT.
•"Said national convention shall con
fcist of a number cf delegates at . large
ficm each State equal to doable the
number of United States Senators to
which each State is entltleC, and for
cath Representative at large in Con
gress two delegates at large. From
*"To the Republican electors .at the
United States — In accordance with es
tablished custom and in obedience to
instructions of the national convention
of iyO0, the National Republican Com
mittee directs that a national conven
tion of the delegates and representa
tives of the Republican party be held
at Chicago, in the State of Illinois, for
the purpose of nominating candidates
lor President and Vice President, to
bo voted lor at the Presidential election
Tuesday* Nov«Vnber 8, 1904, and for the
transaction of»such other husiness as
nsy properly come before it, and that
said convention shall assemble at 12
o'clock noon on Tuesday, the 21st day
of June, 1904.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— Senator
Ilanna, chairman of the National Re
publican Committee, to-night issued the
following call for the next Republican
National Convention:
Mnst Be Chosen MLess Than Thirty
Days Before the Date of the
National Gathering.
"If we were beaten," the Minister
resumed, "Russia would take Korea
and Manchuria by right of conquest,
and, possibly, Japan. No power ou
earth could then dislodge her from
Central China and all the Far East.
I am sure it is better to go to war
when you know you are right, even
when defeat is possible, than to sea your
independence submerged under a con
tinual aggression* that is bound to ab
sorb y6u eventually. Nothing can
avert war between Russia and Japan
in future years, even if peace is pro
cured now, so long as Russia pursues
her present Far Eastern policy.
"The American action in enforcing
the opening of the Manchurian ports!
was a splendid example of honest diplo
macy. It was a straightforward step,
which contrasts favorably with Rus
sian methods. No other nation, except
Great Britain, when the British Ad
miralty bought - the two Chilean war
ship?, has taken any practical step to
live up to its diplomatic demands upon
Russia anent the Far East. We be
lieve we are fighting a diplomatic bat
tle in behalf of America and Great
Britain; but, if only war can settle it.
we know we shall receive assistance
from neither. We are prepared. to fight
our own battles and take the conse
quences."
LONDON. Jan. 17.— In remarkably
frank language Baron Hayashi, after
consultation with the Foreign Office to
rilght, summed up the situation as fol
lows:
"I only hope the Czar will give U3
peace, but my hopes are not strong.
If we go to war it will be foy Issues
whereon both America and England
have insisted diplomatically. We have
received no pledges from any country
that, in the event of defeat, it will step
in and save us from being absorbed by
Russia. We cannot count even in ex
tremities on the armed support of any
nation in the world. It would be a
struggle to the death. Perhaps we are
not strong enough to fight Russia.
There are two opinions about that."
Baron Hayashi intimated that he
thought Japan was certain to be beaten
in the end.
One Hundred Thousand Dol
lars Supplied, to Se
cession Leaders.
Not Deterred
by Fear of
Defeat. .
Apportionments Delegates
and Method -oi TMr
Selection.
Brokers Saia to Have
Financed the Pa
nama Goup.
Oman Jama Is
sues Summons
to Party.
Hayashi Says
Tokio Has
No Allies.
SYNDICATES
GOLD BUYS
REVOLUTION
REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION
IS CALLED
MORMON SMOOT'S FIGHT
TO RETAIN HIS POSITION
IN THE SENATE IS BEGUN
FAMED JAPANESE DIPLOMAT
FRANKLY EXPRESSES BELIEF
THAT CZAR WILL TRIUMPH
VOLUME XCV— NO. 4S.
Forecast made at San Fran
circo for thirty hours ending 1
mittnigrrit, January 17:
£«n Francisco and vicinity—
Showers Sunday; fresh souther
ly wind. A. O. KcADIE, . :
District rorecaster.
THE WEATEES.
Alcazar — "Tli* StotH and t&»
Plame." Matiue* To-Day.
California— "The ratal Wed
ding-." \
Central — "The Xoaasbiaers."
Matinee To-Day .
2"lscher'« — "The Beauty Shop.™
Matinee To-Day.
Grand — "One* Hiffht In June."
Xatlaee To-Bay. -
Orplvetun — Vaudeville. Matlaea
To-Day.
dmtes— VaudeTilla.
Tivoll — "When Johnny Comes
Marching Borne."
TJU3 THXATE3C5.
FORTY-FOUR PAGES— SAN. FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,; JANUARY 17, 1904— PAGES 21 TO 32.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.BELIEVES CZAR WILL TRIUMPH
Contlnnrd From Page 21, Column 7.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16. — Dr.
Thomas Herran, Charge d' Affaires of
the Colombian legation, has decided
definitely to avail himself of the
leave of absence granted him and will
take his departure from the United
States some time next month. Al
ready the legation archivesv have been
packed and stored. On Dr. Herran's
leaving the legation In this city will be
closed and its affairs turned over to
the Colombian Consul General in New
York.
¦ ? »
SANTA. ROSA. Jan. 18. — Th« high water
mark was reached for Sonoma County - hops
to-day when Ia I>. Jacks, a local buyer, pur
chased two lots at 27 cents ser sound. This
is the record for several years and but few
persons have held their hops for this price.
Dr. J. W. Clark received that price- for eighty
bales, and Tet Hop, another grower, disposed
of 12t bales at the same price.
Herran to Close the location.
Blair leaves- life ; Insurance policies
amounting to nearly $1,000,000. Most
of them, It is. said, have .been- assigned
to his creditors and those who aided
him .In his financial troubles, but it- is
believed that a sufficient sum has
been reserved for the family to insure
comfort.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 16.— James Lawrence
Blair, who died to-day at Eustis. Fla.,
was 60 years of age. He was the third
son of the late General Francis 1 Preston
Blair of distinguished memory.
With the Inception of the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition Blair was made
general counsel for the enterprise. Mrs.
Blair was made president of the board
of* lady managers. With their two sons
they lived in a beautiful residence in
the suburbs west of the city and were
leaders in the social life of St. Louis.
Last October rumors were circulated
connecting Blair's name with alleged
fraudulent transactions Involving a
half million dollars in conducting the
affairs of the Blow estate of this city,
of which he was a trustee. The rumors
finally became published as facts. The
Grand Jury began an investigation.
Blair's resignation as general counsel
for the world's fair was tendered and
accepted.
INDICTMENTS ARE RETURNED.
The Grand Jury Investigation resulted
In indictments being returned against
Blair on two charges of forgery, and
he was placed under a $20,000 bond. Dur
ing v the investigation the family resl
detice was relinquished and Blair, bed
ridden by illness, was taken to a hos
pitalt being accompanied by his wife,
who never left his side.
As soon as a bond had ' been ar
ranged on ' the Indictments Mr. and
Mrs. Blairleft the hospital in Decem
ber and went to Eustis, Fla., in the
hope that his health might be bene
fited by the change of climate and
'environments. While in Florida the
of Mrs. Blair as president
bf the board of lady managers of the
world's fair was- tendered- to the na
tional committee and " accepted, and
Mrs. Daniel fanning of New York was
elected as her successor.
Blair's trial was to . have come up
during- the February term of the Cir
cuit Court.
EUSTIS, Fla., Jan. 16.— James L. i
Blair . of St. Louis died here to-day, j
Blair came to Eustis about five weeks j
ago in search of health and It was!
believed that he was improving until j
last week, when his condition changed |
alarmingly for the worse and the phy- [
s'lcians advised that his wife be tele
graphed for. She and her son, Percy
Bla^r, arrived this morning a short
time before his death.
Blair, Just before coming to Eustis. ;
held'the position of general counsel for
the St. Louis Exposiyon, and Mrs.
Blair, that of president of the • lady
managers, which position she resigned !
owing to charges of misconduct against j
Blair.
Mr. Blair had sustained a severe in-
Jury to his ankle before coming here,
and this, with his mentaJ condition, is
believed to have hastened his death.
The cause' of death in the physician's
certificate is cerebral congestion. The
body was embalmed to-day and was
shipped to St. Louis to-night, accom
panied by Mrs. Blair and son.
CAREER OP JAMES Ia BLAIR.
Death Spares Famed Southerner
the Ignominy of • Trial
for Alleged Enormous Thefts;
NOTED CAREER ENDS SADLY
Alleged Embezzler of a Half
Million - Dollars Succumbs
to Illness and Mental Strain
WORRY KILLS
JAMES BLAIR
Russia Orders American Wagons.
SAUK CENTER. Minn., Jan. 16.—
A local manufacturing concern has
English throughout their conversa
tion.
Grand Duke Nicholas Michaelo
vftch. who has been in command- of
the Tiflls Grenadier division of the
Russian army, has been appointed a
member of the Council of Empire.
' TOPEKA, Kana., Jan. 16.— It was reported
here to-day that the official hpadnuarters of
the Htiperlntendent . of :- transportation for .- the
entire Santa Fe system will be moved from
Topeka to Chicago.. V..". . '. ' : _
Acquii-cd by Strategem.
According to the officers of the
Japanese steamship' America Maru,
Knowledge of Russia's Fortifications
JAPAN'S CAREFUL PLANS.
COLON, Jan. 10.— All the United
States warships are cruising off the
coast, except the flagship Olympla, the
Dixie, the Topeka and the torpedo-boat
destroyer Stewart. , . .
The San Bias Indian . Commissioners,
including Chief Joe Howlen, on the In
vitation of the naval authorities, visit
ed the Olympla yesterday, previous to
returning to San Bias. Rear Admiral
Coghlan. extended a'courteous .welcome
to'- them. The ; Commissioners were
shown over the whole ship and were
wonderstruck at the novel sights, seen
'for the first time in their lives. The
Olympla's largest guns were a source
of great astonishment to them. / The
Indians all appeared well pleased with
the treatment they received and de
clared ¦ that the sympathy of their' fol
lowers was on the ; side of" Panama.
Shortlyafter leaving the Olympia the
Commissioners sailed for San Bias.
Isthmian Tribesmen Are Entertained
on the Flagship Ol ympia. v
INDIANS ABOARD WARSHIP.
One of the foremost members of
the diplomatic corps said to-day that
a strong feeling existed in the highest
official quarters that Japan had grad
ually ' enlarged her demands until
those. of to-day, went considerably be
yond those first presented. Moreover
It is the belief of the officials here that
Japan's steady augmentation of her
demands is due largely to her belief
that Russia Is desirous of avoiding
war and that, therefore, it is safe to
push her demands to the furthest
limits. • .
PARIS, Jan. 16. — Official sentiment
concerning the Russo-Japanese situ
ation is rather less buoyant. It is ex
plained that, while the conditions are
not .' hopeless,' they undoubtedly, are
discouraging. Although no Informa
tion is given as to the grounds for the
present feeling, it probably is due to
the receipt of fuller information re
garding the nature of Japan's latest
demands.
Will Back Down.
Apparently of tho Belief That Russia
JAPAX INCREASES DEMANDS.
Bradstreet's Treasurer Dead.
NEW YORK, Jam 16.— Jared Chit
tenden, treasurer of the Bradstreet
Company, died to-day of pneumonia.
Famous Engineer Dies.
LOCKPORT, N. Y., Jan. 16.— Frank
W. Holly, one of the most noted water
works engineers in the United States,
is dead, aged, 5 3. * ,
' ' Prominent Botanist Dies.
WESTCHESTER, Pa., Jan. 16.—Jo
siah H. Hoopes, a prominent botanist
and- writer on' horticulture, died to
day, aged 72 years.
ST. LOUTS, Jan. 16.— Mother Agatha,
superior of the Sisters of St. Joseph,
died to-day at the convent of the order
here.aged 74 years. For the past thir
ty-two years she had held the. position
of superior. . Mother Mary Gonzaga, as
sistant superior, will assume the office.
Death of Mother Agatha.
SEOUL, Jan. 16. — The American
euard at the United States legation
has been increased. Sixty additional
marines arrived here last night and
are Quartered at the Electric Power
Company's building. Troops now
guard all the foreign residences in
number sufficient to keep the natives
in check should they begin to make
trouble. Foreigners cannot be con
sidered in danger.
A German man of war hps Just ar
rived at Chemulpo. ....
¦ A change In the personnel of the
Government has begun* in favor of
the Japanese, and as the people have
been more angry with the Govern
ment that with the foreigners it is
likely that the change will completely
pacify them. ...
" The American authorities have tak
en the precaution to provide male es
corts for women and children of that
nationality while on the street.
UE<^TTON GUARD INCREASED.
Sixty Marines Added to the American
Force In Seoul.
¦WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— Lieu tenant Com
mander Harry M. Hodges has been appointed
chief hydroKrapher of the navy, vie* Com
mander William H. Sutherland, assigned to
command the Cleveland.
received an order" from the Russian
Government for 1000 wagons to ' be
shipped, for the most part, directly to
Onaaha and forwarded from there
with consignments of wheat and
meats recently bought in that city.
Five hundred of the wagons are ready.
Mrs. Tillle M. Liddell died yesterday
at her home, 91 Hamilton place. De
ceased was 46 years of age and leaves
a husband and. four children.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16.— Mrs. Hattle L.
Jackson, wife of R. J. 'Jackson, who
'was secretary 'of. the Board of Public
Works under the last, administration,
died to-day at her home, 541 Nine
teenth street, at the age of 62 years.
Deceased had been an invalid for sev
eral years.. The funeral will be held
from the family residence at 10 a. m.
to-morrow.
Miss Pamela H. Cowan died last
night at the home of her niece, Mrs.
George E. Whitney, 925 Adeline street,
at the age of 89 years. The funeral
will be held from the home of Mrs.
Whitney at 11 a. m. Monday.
Mrs. Irene McCracken, wife of Dr.
O. C. McCracken, died this morning at
the family residence, 2632 Bancroft
way, Berkeley. Deceased was 82 years
of age. The funeral will be held at
2 p. m. Monday from the late resi
dence of the deceased. I
Mrs. Catherine Ricker, aged 88
years, died this morning at her home,
2604 Fulton '^street, Berkeley. The
funeral will be held to-morrow at 1
o'clock.
Alameda County Deaths.
Massachusetts Man Sentenced to Life
Imprisonment Describes the .
: ; Methods of the Crime.
BOSTON, ¦¦' Jan. --16.-^ The -Globe -to
morrow will say: A confession has
been made by Wilfred J. Blondin, who
was - convicted of the -murder of his
wife and sentenced -to life-imprison
ment. In his statement Blondin says
thathe killed his "wife in Chelmsford,
Mass., within a short distance of the
place where her body was found decapi
tated some days after the murder. He
says he strangled her, by the roadside
and carried the body Into the woods
and cut oft the Head with his knife.
He threw the head into a nearby
stream, where it was later found.
The police claim that as one of the
motives of the murder Blondin had
married the woman to get possession
of her bank account, the exact amount
of which was unknown to him. He had
been married to her only three months
when he murdered her. v
CONFESSES THAT* HE ,
MURDERED HIS WIFE
, Mrs. Catherine Ricker, widow . of
Edward Ricker of Summerville, Mass.,
and the mother of Edward Ricker and
Mrs. A. W. Nichols, died this morning
at 'the family residence, 2604 Fulton
street. The funeral will be held to
morrow at 1 o'clock from the late resi
dence. . ' . . - -
• ' Came to California in Early Days.
BERKELEY, Jan. 16. — Mrs. Irene
McCracken, wife of Dr. Orrin C. Mc-
Cracken and a resident of Berkeley for
thirty years, passed away to-day at her
home, 2632 Bancroft way. She, had
been slowly failing for a long time
from the complications attendant upon
old age and during the last few weeks
of her illness had been totally blind.
The funeral will be held Monday from
the late residence. ..
Mrs. McCracken came to California
from New England in ,1853 with her
husband. After a few years spent in
San Francisco they came to Berkeley
to reside. She was one of the charter
members of the First Congregational
Church and was widely known for her
philanthropic deeds. She. leaves be
sides her husband • a daughter, Mrs.
Lucy Adams of Oregon. She was 82
years of agre. ..
PORT SAID, Jan. 16. — The Russian
battleship Oslayba has left this 'port
for Suez. The remainder of. the' Rus
sian squadron is awaiting orders.
Squadron Is Awaiting Orders.
which ' arrived yesterday - from the
Orient, the little brown men have been
making some preparations for battling
with the bear, which promise rare
confusion for some of Russia's best
laid plans. Ever since the end of the
Japanese-Chinese war the Mikado's
Government has been preparing for
the difficulty now looming ahead and
the preparations, according to the
liner's officers, have not been confined
to perfecting the military arms. of the
Government. Men were selected
years ago to don" the garb and either
grow or acquire by artificial means
the queue of the Chinese coolie. These
men are now, it Is said, In Xhe Rus
sian . service, employed on the Czar's
works of fortification, with the details
of which" Y these seeming Chinese have
kept the Japanese authorities posted
and for the destruction of which, from
the inside, they have laid careful
plans.
It is further statefl that many of the
coolies employed on the Trans-Siberian
Railroad are Japanese engineers,
whose" knowledge will be used to ren
der useless to Russia the great metal
highway upon -which the Czar depends
for the transportation of his troops.
BALTIMORE, Md., Jan. 16. —
Brother Joseph, superior of Mount
Joseph's College of this city and head
of the Xavierian Order in America,
died to-day aged 7,2 years. Brother
Joseph's name was Michael' John Sul
livan and he was a native of Ireland.
The guests met this morning at the"
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce,
and later were taken for a ride about
the city In special trolleys on the Los
Angeles Railway Company's lines. This
afternoon they went to Santa Monica,
visiting Hollywood on the way. A re
ception waS tendered them this even
ing, Sunday will be occupied'.by a trip
to Catallna Island. . .
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 16.— The San
Jose Chamber of Commerce special of
six coaches, carrying more than -300
business men of that city, arrived here
over the Southern Pacific at an early
hour this morning. The train was sev
eral hours late and. the reception com
mittee of the local commercial organ
izations who had assembled to give the
visitors a warm reception had partially
disbanded, but enough remained to
heartily greet the • party and extend
them a cordial welcome.;
\ "We have come to Los Angeles to
strengthen the ties of friendship be
tween the Chamber of Commerce there
and in your city." said President Schel
ler. ".We think you have the beat
Chamber of Commerce here of any in
the world. There are many things we
hope to benefit by in your organiza
tion."
Members of Chamber of Commerce of
the Garden City Travel in -:
the Southland. , .
LOS ANGELES GREETS - .
SAN JOSE MERCHANTS
AGED LEADER
OF XAVIERIAN
ORDER IS DEAD
A dispatch from Sacramento dated
January 14 states that Governor Pardee
had denied that he was opposed to the
establishment of a United States mili
tary camp at Nacimiento ranch, but
that he had suggested that the sani
tary conditions of the proposed camp
be inspected. ,
HOLLISTER, an. 16.— At its regular
meeting last night the San Benlto
County Improvement Club adopted the
following resolution:
"Whereas, Information has been re^
ceived that Governor j Pardee \ had
raised objections to the establishment
of the United States" military camp at
the Nacimiento ranch in California on
alleged unhealthy condition; and
"Whereas, It is known to many v of
the members of the San Benlto County
Improvement Club that said objections
are not well founded, now therefore be
"Resolved, That the ' San Benlto
County Improvement Club hereby pro
tests against the action of Governor
Pardee and earnestly -recommends that
the board of army surgeons to be ap
pointed by General MacArthur make a
careful examination of- the conditions.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 16.— A wreck,
caused by a collision between ajswitch
engine and a mixed freight and pas
senger train, running "wild," took
place in the Santa Fe yards at 5
o'clock this morning. Fireman W. S.
Kynerd was Instantly killed and Engi
neer R. W. Kelly was seriously In
jured. .The wreck occurred at. the
"Y" crossing, at Seventh street, where
a mixed train of empty box cars and
passenger coaches that had broken
loose in the upper yards, ran across
the track ia front of the switch engine,
which was going at the rate of about
fifteen miles an * hour. A dense fog
prevailed at the'time, which prevented
the crew of the switch engine from
seeing the approach of the train until
too late to prevent the collision or to.
enable the crew to escape by Jumping.
The switch engine and tender afrd sev
eral box cars of the "wild" train were
piled in a head. ¦
. Engineer Kelly was taken out of the
wreck with a broken leg and badly
scalded from escaping steam. Fire
man Kynerd had been caught in the
impact and had his .life . instantly
crushed out. It took the wreckers
over two hours to • rescue his body
from the debris of the wreck. There
was no one on the mixed train at the
time of the collision.
Mr. Plnchot sald»his department de
sires to know wha't the pressing prob
lem is. He asked the question: "Would
it seem wise to withdraw the timber
land outside of. the Government re
serves to protect ft. from land grab
bers?" Most pi those present answered
In the affirmative. Mr. Pinchot later
discussed land questions with the mem
beYs of the Sacramento Valley Devel
opment Association, which met here
to-day.
-, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 16.— A confer
ence was held'at the State Capitol to
day between Glfford~Pinchot of the
Government . Bureau ~Gf Forestry and
F. ' H. Newell, representing the De
partment of Geological Survey, and a
number of -State officials with reference
to the proposed co-operative work in
this State in the interest of forest re
serves and irrigation.
Govern 6r Pardee was unable to be
present, being confined to his home by
illness.' - *W. S. Melick, secretary of the
State B,oard of Examiners, which has
charge of. the State's co-operative work
with ...the' Federal- Government, an
nounced that the purpose of the con
ference was to get- the sentiment of
California, through the State officials,
respecting the land problems confront
ing the Government. He was sure that
many who hold property In arid por
tions of the State are^not prepared for
such a sweeping, enactment a,s the
Hansbrough bill.. "What is desired, said
Mr. Melick, is the preservation of the
forests for present and future benefit,
as well, as irrigation for colonization
purposes.
States Surveyor General Woods de
clared that the lieu land law is a
vicious measure. The .Hansbrough bill
would not be of much benefit to those
who should be protected, he said.
State Treasurer Reeves said he never
knew of more than one man who lived
on Government land as the law re
quired. Men would make a pretense to
do so and then go back to town and
live.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Wreckers Work for Two Hours
to Remove Body of One Un
fortunate Railroad Employe,
Opinion Favors Withdrawal of
Timbered Areas Outside of Re
serves for Their Preservation
Sacramento Dispatch Declares
That State Executive Is Not
Opposed to Nacimiento Ranch
MENTION OF A GOVERNOR
CRITICISM OF LIEU LAW
FOG CAUSES A DISASTER
Switch • Engine and a Train
Have a Smash-Up in Santa
Fe Yards at Los Angeles
San Bcnito County Organiza
tion Passes Resolutions About
a Proposed* Military Camp
Government > Officials Have a
Conference With State Offi
cers on Question of Forests
FIREMAN DIES
IN COLLISION
CLUB WANTS
AN INSPECTION
PUBLIC LANDS
THE PROBLEM
THE SAN FRANCISCO x CALL\ SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1904.
22
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
Will You Help a Sick Friend?
Get My Book for Him Now.
/Which " Book ! on Dyspepala.
oiT « Book 2 on the Heart. i.
Shall Book 3 on tho Kidneys."
I Book 4 for Women.
send? gs 1 0 ° n r sasssi*
You certainly know of some one who is sick — some sufferer who will be
grateful for the help my book offers. ' \
And that book tells of a way to help. •*TeIl8 of a way so certain. that I, as a
physician, offer that help on trial. The book tells how for 30 years in hospitals
and at bedsides I searched for a way to cure deep-seated and difficult diseases.
It tells how I perfected my prescription — Dr. Snoop's Restorative, ijow by sci-
entific experiment I traced out the causes that bring on chronic diseases.
' I found invariably that where there was a weakness, the Inside nerve's were
weak. Where there was a lack of vitality, the vital nerves lacked power. Where
weak organs were found, I always found weak nerves. Not the nerves com-
monly thought of, but the vital organs' nerves. The Inside — the invisible
nerves. ¦-.'
. This was a revelation. Then my real success began. Then I combined ingre-
dients that would strengthen, that would vitalize these nerves.
?That prescription I called a restorative. It is known the world over now as
: Dr. Shoop' s Restorative. After that I did not fail to cure one case In each hun-
dred. In the extremely difficult cases, my failures for five years were one In
each forty treated. I found cancer Incurable. Cancer is for surgery, not medl-
I cine.
1 Then how to get this prescription to sick ones everywhere was my thought.
I must announce it in the public press. But. thought I. will they realize the, real
truth of my discovery, the real power of Dr. Shoop's itestoratlve? Then a way
came to me — like an inspiration. "I will offer it io the sick on trial. Then they
will know I am slncere^ — that my prescription Is unusual."
I wrote a reliable druggist In each city and village in America.' They agreed
to co-operate with me. Now by any sick one
Dr. ShoopY Restorative
Can be taken at my risk. For a full month I will let you use it entirely at my
risk. ' ¦:'¦'' \ ¦ ' - -
Send no money. Just, write me for the book you need. When I send it I will
tell you of a druggist near by who will permit the month's trial. Use the Re-
storative a month. Then decide. If you. say to the druggist, "It did not help
me," that will relieve you' of any expense'whatever. He will bill the cost'to me.
This is my way of clearing your mind of all doubt as to what Dr. Shoop's Re-
storative can do. • ¦ v "'• ¦.¦•'•-•. \ ...
- No matter how prejudiced, you cannot dispute this absolute security I of-
. fer. You cannot' resist an offer .like this if you are at all sick. If , you have -a
weakness, write me. If you can't do things like you used to do them tell me
about it. Write in confidence. As a physician I will tell you a way to help.
Get my book now — to-day. Address Dr. Shoop, Box 7630. Racine. Wis.
Mild cases not chronic are often cured by one or two bottles. At druggists'.
•' DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
NM&/_,^^ If lull 4
Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery
GURES Weak .
Lungs.
$3,000 FORFEIT
Will be paid by the Worlds Dispensary
Medical Association, Proprietors, Buf-
falo, N. Y., if they cannot show the orig-
inal signature . of the individual volun-
teering the testimonial below, and also
of the writers of every testimonial among
the thousands which they are constantly
publishing, thus proving their genuine-
ness,
"When I commenced talcing your medictaes,
eighteen months ago, my health was completely
broken down." writes Mrs. Cora L. Sunderland,
of Chaneyville, Calvert Co., Md. "A* times I
could not even walk across the room without
pains in my chest. I The doctor wh* attended me
taid I had lung trouble, and that I itxhtU ntvtr be
wttt again. At last I concluded to try Dr. Pierce's
medicines. I bought a bottle of ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery, 1 took it, and soon commenced
to feel a little better, then you directed me to
lake both the 'Golden Medical Discovery* and
.the 'Favorite Prescription.' which I did. s Alto-
gether I have taken eighteen bottles of ' Golden
Medical Discovery, 1 twelve of the ' PaTorite Pre-
scription,' and five vials of * Pellett.' 1 1 am now
almost entirely well, and do all my work with-
out any pain whatever, and can run with more
case than I could formerly walk.*
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cleanse
and- regulate the bowels.'
Eruptions
The only way to get» rid
of pimples and other erup-
tions is to cleanse the blood,
improve the digestion, stim-
ulate the kidneys, liver and
skin. The medicine to take is
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Which has cored thousands.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
THOUSANDS iOlf^^
TROUBLE AND DDNT KNOW IT
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The^ Call" May.
Have a Sample Bottle. Sent Free by Mail. \
Week and unhealthy kSdneys arc responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease— therefore* when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention — but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or "feel badly,*' begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney. liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
Ml
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in 'the urine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame. back, dizzi-
bladder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
stands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev. trouble,
cures of the most distressing cases, skin eruptions from bad blood, neural-
Svi-amp-Root will set your whole sys- gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloating, ir-
tern right, and the best proof of this ritability, worn-out feeling, lack of am-
is a trial. bition, loss of flesh, sallow c6mplexion,
14 EAST ICOTH ST.. KEW TORK CITT. or BriRht's dlSOSC
had : been •uffertnc sevw^'fr^i kidney K >'°ur water, when allowed to re-
troubu. aii symptoms were on hand; my main undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
former strength and po*wer had left me; I T u.-<»nrv fmir tintire fnrme a «^Him#^if or
could hardly drar myself aionr. Even my ™eniy-iour nours, lorms a sediment or
mrntai capacity was givta* out. and often i settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
me E n*of to -oura i^aTewTork 8 **" " but' woum is evidence t . hat y our kidneys and
not* 1 have* "paw arV attention to it 'haa it not bladder need immediate attention. •
promised a J^orn ruarantee with every bottl* Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
of your medicine, assertln*: that your Swamp- -pi v-.il--- t y, a ._;„.„. u;A n ~ A
Root is purely vegetable and do^s not contain *-' r - xvumer, tne eminent Kidney and
any harmful dnurs. I am seventy years and bladder specialist. Hospitals USe it
with wonderful success in both slight
from kidney troubles. Four members or my and severe cases. Doctors recommend
S^S^^SSu B^^ri£ SL * to their patients and use it in their
reruns." own families, because they recojnuze
with many thanks to you. i remain. j n Swamp-Root the greatest and most
ery tru y O^^ RT BERXEIU successful remedy.
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root. * s f° r . sa l e at drug stores the world
sent free by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
you may test its virtues for such dis- prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name, Swamp-Roof, Dr.
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass your water frequently nieht and dress Binghamton, N. Y., on every
day, smarting or irritation in passing, bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTICE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kid-
ney or bladder trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send
at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binehamton, N. Y., who will gladly send you
by mail, immediately, without cost to j r ou, a sample bottle of Swamp- Root
2nd a book containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and women cured. In writing, be sure to say that"
you read this generous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call.
ADVEETISEME1TTS.
IB. KATSGHINSKI
I -Philadelphia Shoe Co*
I 10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRAKCISCO.
! |J Adjoinlnff Call Building 1 .
I SATIN OXFORDS AND
I BEADED SANDALS
1 1 SOLD AT LESS THAN COST
; n Only a couple more weeks and
I we tak«* stock, and in the mean-
! N time we are pushing the sale of .
U all our slow-selling lines as well
' i as our odds and ends. First-class
S goods are being sacrificed just to
3 make room for our Spring Stock.
y Do you ever wear Satin Oxfords?
H The greatest bargain of toe year.
! H. Ladies' Finest Red Satin Oxford
I pj Tics, plain, stylish toes, worked
fcj eyelets, hand-turned soles and
H high French heels REDUCED TO
H SI. 10 A PAIS. Regular price
3 $2 75. Sizes 2% to 7%. Widths
I B AA to E.
|| NEAT BEADED SANDALS
M Genteel In appearance and fash-*
{'I lonably made. Ladies' Fine Vici
J Kid Strap Sandals, with beaded
1 vamps and strap; plain coin toes,
B turned soles and military heels.
j§ oxra pkice owl.* si.00- sizes
tj 3 to 8. Widths A to E.
II 1 ¦»¦ Oi in
El yBfl m ¦ 111
I LESS THAN REPAIRING
H Men's Shoes almost given away.
1 1 We are selling Lace and* Congress
I Shoes for less money than it would
B cost to have old onta half-soled
B and heeled. Odd lines bunched to-
g gether; broad and narrow toes;
1 sold originally from $2.50 to $4.00.
4 BUT TO CLEAR THEM OUT
I THE FBZCS SI. IO. A wide.
¦ sizes X>\ z to 7; B wide. 6 to 10^;
¦ C wide. 6% to 11: I> wide. 9 to
tl UH: E wide 5 to 11; EE wide,
H 5% to 12..
k v v "|liMs§3*ca ilJ aJ 1 1 il
[I Lace and Button Shoes I
tj Ladies' Lace and Button lines I]
J mixed together. Good Shoes that I!
I are sacrificed because we- have not If
a all sizes in stock. If we can fit I
il you you certainly get a bargain. E
II Ladles' Vid Kid Lace and Button It
f| Shoes, cloth and kid tops, coin If
J toes and tips and medium low If
1 heels that sold regularly from H
¦ $2.00 to 13.00 WH.I. BE SXAUOK- li
I TERJED FOB '05c AA wide, ||
(I sizes 3 to 5; A wide. 2Y 3 to 8ft. I
H B wide. 2% to 6%; C wide. 2H to I]
B 4; D wide. 8 to 9; E wide. ?fe to I
Fl 9; EE -wide, 2% to 5%. it
IB. KATSGHINSKI S
I Philadelphia Shoe Co.
il 10 ¦a.- n 1 i*T> ST.. Saa TxmndMa. H
0\ Eyeglasses Jf
Q Spectacles tj
'
PISV&WEAK. MEN
USaffikSf UTt. HALL' 3 KEI.W'IGORATOR
EB bsm| stops all losses and unnatural dla*
1U F5r Improvement from the flrat dose.
•W* JPVJ We have so much confluence In our
Jllil i*UI treatment that we offer Five Hun-
'Z5a i^l dred reward for any case we caa-
QSSbk&uJ not cure. This secret remedy cures
lost power, nightly emission*, waited organs,
varlcocele. gleet, strlcturea. kidneys, failinj:
memory drains in the urine, gonorrhoea, dis-
ease or the prostate- glands and all other terri-
ble eStcts of self-abuse or excesses, which lead
on to- consumption and death. Positively cures
the. worst cases In old or youn* of that morti-
fying condition, tjufctoewi of tho discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can t. Sent waled. U
per bottle, three bottles, $3- Guaranteed to
CU Can a or C adjfr*s» order* HALLS MEDICAL
IVSTITUTB. SM Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
Also for sale at 1073% Market mV. S. K. Send
for free book. •
ASTHMANOLA
Is the only cure for Nervoug mad
Bronchial ASTHMA,
Tour Drusgi«t or * r S 88 HA1GHT ST..
San FranclseOi CaL
Sehools and Co//eyes.
LEAD1XO BCSIN*ESS COLLfcGE OT TH3
WEST. 24 Peat at.. Eaa Francisco. CaL
Established 40 year*. Ooea «ntlr» y«»-.
*. Writ* for Ulmtrat.d cat&losu* tfr«t». -~
GREENBERG Jk GREENBERG.
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
SPECIALS
'For Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
Ribbons
15c Taffeta, 3 14 inches. . . lOc yard
25c and 35c Taffeta. 4% inches
lOe yard
25c Fancy Plaid Ribbon, 4
inches lCc yard
40c, 50c and 65c Fancy, 4 to 6
inches , 25c yard
Veiling
50c Drop Veils _ for 3Sc
50c, 65c and 75c. . . .for 25c a yard
50c and 65c Chiffon. for 23c a yard
50c Chiffon Drapes for 25c
Neckwear
75c, $1.00 and $1.25 Silk
Jabots for 25c
75c Silk Stocks for 48c
50c, 65c and 75c Top Collars
for 25c
25c Collar and Cuff Sets. . .for lf»c
Hosiery
25c Lace Hose .for 18c
50c Lisle Lace Hose. for 33c
75c Fine Lisle Lace Hose. for 5Oc
50c Gauze Lisle Hose for 33c
Country orders receive prompt
attention. •
Time allowed on specials for
country orders.
Samples of Laces, Trimmings,
Embroideries, Veilinsrs. Ribbons,
etc.. sent to any. address.
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
31, 33, 35 fcnd 37 Grant Ave.,
. Cor. Geary St.Life Term for VGeneral" Turner.
PIXEVILLE, Ky., Jan. 16.—"Gen
eral." Turner, of "Quarterhouse" fame,
was to-day found guilty of complicity
in> the" murder of two deputy sheriffs
and sentenced to life Imprisonment at
Frankfort.
, A novel letter - which was
placed in operation on the street this
afternoon, under, the . order of - the
Postoffice" Department, will " be likely
to attract something .more than the
ordinary degreeof attention. . The box
¦will have no covering or, lid of- any
kind' whatever to protect its mouth
or opening from" the_ weather.
* Directly on the top of the box will
appear a _ yawning "mouth"—
large enough indeed to "admit a man's
hand— into which the "public will be
invited to drop their 'letters, invery
reasonable confidence that the postal
officials have provided satisfactorily
for "the immunity of; the letters when
posted in the. box from the least in
jury from rain, snow, sleet or hail that
may afterward enter, into this opening
in the stormiest weather. -,
. The new box, it seems,. Is not prop
erly a corner letter box, but what is
known as the "open-top" street -car
collection box, recently, successfully
tested ' at the East Capitol-street • car
barn in this . city, under the ¦ authority
of the First Assistant "Postmaster Gen
eral. In form and size it varies ma-
Has No Covering or Lid, but Fully
Protected From Wind-Driven
'; Rain or Snow.
A NEW KIND OF LETTER
BOX PLACED OX TRIAL
Most of the letters are forgeries, ac
cording to Mrs. Thurston. They were
addressed to the coachman, who with
a trained nurse." had charge of Nash
during his illness.
CHICAGO,. Jan: 16. — A plot involv
ing threats to kill and the publication
of certain letters and photographs un
less $15,500 in cash was forthcoming
was frustrated to-day by Mrs. Hollis
Thurston, daughter of the late Charles
T, Nash, a "Board of Trade commis
sion broker; her brother, William
Nash ; i J. Ingram, their attorney, ¦ and
several detectives. James Tilbery of
London,' a coachman in the employ of
the Nash family, Is under arrest.
Tilbery was arrested at the Nash
home at the* moment Mrs. Thurston
placed twelve crisp S1000 bills and
one,, ; $500'- bill in, his hands. - On his
person' were, found a 'dagger 'and two
revolvers. J with .which it is charged
he had threatened to' kill Mrs. Thurs
ton unless she gave him the 'money
he demanded for, the return of certain
letters he said he had received . from
her. . • . - .-;•¦*
Servant Demands $15,000 to Suppress
: "Letters,, the Money Is Paid and
. . Arrest Follows.
BLACKMAILING COACHMAN'
CAUGHT IN A SNARE
The Ruthenlan Church.
The Ruthenian Catholics of this
country are to have a convention in
Olyphant. Pa., in February. The chief
topic of discussion will be the appoint
ment, of Rvthenlan Bishops. Unless
the authorities" at Rome do something
of this kind the Ruthenians are likely
to go over to the orthodox Greek
church. .The convention will take
steps to bring to this country so"me of
the Ruthenians of Austria and Rus
sia who are. being oppressed In these
countries and will memorialize Con
gress to interpret the immigration
laws morj liberally with reference to
these people. — Xew York Commercial
Advertiser. "-.:\
BERLIN. Jan. 16. — Rosa Luxembourg ths
rbi.ef woman Socialist agitator In G«rmany.
has been *entenced to three ninths' imprison
ment by a court In Saxony for lese majeste.
Ever since the advent of this long,
cold snap, we have been a close .ob
server of the goosebone. presented the
Democrat by a friend some years ago.
and we confess that our judgment of
the weather has been at fault a num
ber of times durintr the past three
weeks and our friends are. beginning to
question the accuracy of the predic
tions as taken from the goosebone.
Just at present the colors of the bone
are as varied and rapid as the hues of
a graudy piece of changeable ribbon,
nnd if its predictions come true w«
will have so many different kinds of
weather in the next two weeks that »
fellow will have to take to the woods
to escape it. — Winchester (Ky.) Dem
ocrat.
Gooscbone Off Color.
NEW YORK,' Jan.. 16. — The Finan
cier says: The striking feature of the
official statement of the New. York
Associated Banks last week was the
gain of $17,600,300 in cash reserve, an
amount Jl, 744, 100 in excess of the in
crease, which was estimated on the
basis of the traceable movements of
money during the week. The differ
ence is accounted for by the bringing
over .from the previous week of
51,838,000, which was the sum less
that week than the amount shown by
the official statement compared with
the estimated increase. The gain in
cash last w;eek makes a total increase
of $29,499,400 since the week ending
December 26,- 1903. The deposits were
increased last week by the unprece
dented sum of $35,555,500 and conse
quently the required reserve was aug
mented by $7,888,825.' Deducting this
sum from the gain in cash leaves
$8,494,775. as the increase in surplus
reserve, which now stands at $23,181.
750, against $20,217,125 at the .cor
responding date last. year. Calculated
on the basis- of deposits, less than
those of public. funds, the surplus is
$32,403,025. The loanswere. increased
by $18,403,400. and it is -noteworthy
that the gain in this item since the
week ending December 26 has been
$55,600,000. Another striking: feature
of the statement is loans. Thi3 is the
first time this condition has shown
since August 1 last year, when the ex
cess of deposits was $976,000: in this
interval the highest excess of -loans
over deposits was $39,900,900. Novem
ber 21. 1903. A further increase of
$15,813,100 in this item will carry the
total loans to the maximum of last
year, and also on record; an increase
of about $62,000,000 in deposits 'will
also make a new high record for this
item.- The specie is now within
$1,000,000 of- last year's maximum.
Statement of New York Asso
ciated Banks Gives an Ex
cess All Along the Line
• The box is the invention of George
B. McAllister of 4 Baltimore, who has
b.een at work on the, principle of street
car mail carriage for thirteen years.—
•Washington Star. '. .
. Though the. mouth of the box is
thus completely exposed, the letters
drop, into the .compartment for them
through an Interior arrangement of
the "mouse trap'.* order, that pre'vents
their being taken out in any manner
through the'same chanelas that they,
enter. The exrerlment has been* placed
by Acting. Superintendent of City De
livery Thorp .in charge of Major
James E. Bell of the Washington city
office. ;-"-.?/' . , .. \- .
Wind, at the highest velocity, can
not blow even fine or "blizzard" snow
into the compartment for letters. Con
structed on the principles of the "cy
clone cellar," high winds will blow
over the mouth of the box. and those
of the "gusty" sorts enter a "draft" in
the box at one point, without the least
harm, while at the same time they are
arrested from so entering this draft at
another, by an ingenious "wind-buf
fer." s- •..;-'
The box will hav.e some very inter
esting mechanical features. Besides
the one mentioned of the reception
into its absolutely vertical mouth, di
rectly and at all times, of rain. snow,
etc., along with letters deposited by
the public, at such times, without the
least injury from moisture to the let
ter either in passing into the box or
when within the same, It is what is
known as a "dripless" and "splash
less" open-top letter box. At no point
of the opening for letters can water in
any quantity be made to "rebound" or
to "drip" in any way.
terially, the postoffice officials state,
from the long, three-inch-wide car
box used in the experiment alluded to
and previously described in the Star,
but it has been enlarged in its dimen
sions to adapt it to its prelsent tempo
rary use on the street corner for
merely "testing," for two or three
weeks, its weather-proof qualities.
This, it is stated, is necessary before
adapting it in size and shape to the
cars.
CASH RESERVE
SHOWS GAINS
The strange vicissitudes in the history
of St. Catherine's Chapel, at Milton Ab
bey, Dorset. England, probably came to
an end the other day when the Dean of
Salisbury rededieated the restored
building to the service of. the church.
The tiny church of St. Catherine's was
built 965 years ago by King Athelstan,
and was served by the monks from
Milton Abbey till the Reformation
swept them away. Since then it has
been, in turn, laborer's cottage, car
penter's workshop, pigeon house, and
lumber shed. The holy communion
was celebrated within its walls the first
time for 360 years.— New York Commer
cial Advertiser.
The Story of a Church.
Cndrrtaker Sues for PaymcnV
SAX JOSE. Jan. 16. — L. M- Gartner,
a local undert=ier, to-day petitioned
The Superior Court to conpel the pay
ment of hfa WA of 51231 for the fun
eral exycuam of the lale Thomas To-
Viru ;i ivea'^y man who died here
about a >ear aje. Mr. Gaffney affirms
that he tvaLS- inBi3-a<"le«l try the execu
trix. Mr?. Julia. M- Foy. to render ser
vices and materials commensurate
nith the ptur.-i'mg of deceased and to
-h:p the body to Michigan for final
buria! and thai she noir refuses to al
jow th*? claim for rnora tlran 5SS6.
JOLlITr. Ill— Jan. 16. — C E. Bacon
rnd A. };- Eul!er, president and cash- i
lW of th'* LookporT Bank, which re- j
« pntly faik-fl- have been indicted on a i
ihircj of embeszlemenl. i
Father Sent to San Qnentin.
LOS AXGELES, Jan. 16. — J. L. Barj
nett, who was convicted in the Supe
rior Court of ' attempting to murder
his 16-year-old son, Ernest, was sen
tenced to-day by Judge Smith to ten
years' imprisonment in San Quentln.
Harriett was convicted of assaulting
hi3 son with a. hammer and razor
in an attempt to take his life because
the boy persisted In his Intention of
Joining the United States navy. His
defense was temporary Insanity.
Will Disfranchise Xegroes.
FBAXKFORT, Ky., Jan. 16. — The
Tio-aa* Committee on Suffrage and
Elections has decided to report favor
ably the Henin suffrage bill, which in
effect disfranchises the negro on the
ground of Illiteracy.
When asked by Rev. Mr. Maxey as
to how Jesus appeared, he said he was
almost always happy, except that at
times when he beheld this earth
steeped in sin an expression of sadness
overshadowed his face.
True to Roberts' prediction, on the
seventh day and at the very hour
named, he passed away — for the sec
ond time, his relatives firmly believe.
"That's strange; it seems to me I
have been gone a thousand years. I
have been In heaven and I have been
so happy."
He told of his meeting with his
father, who had long preceded him,
and other" relatives and friends. Many
questions were asked by Rev. Mr.
Maxey concerning heaven and the de
scription given by Roberts was won
derful. Among other things he said
the Lord sent him back to perform a
mission.
"But," said he, "I have just seven
days to remain on earth, when I will
leave you until we meet up yonder."
Roberts asked them how long he
had been gone, and when told three
hours, he said:
HARRISBURG, 111.. Jan. 16.— An
incident which occurred here a few
days ago equals, if it does not surpass,
some of the miracels related in the
Bible. Ulysses S. Roberts had been
afflicted with consumption for nearly
a year. Two weeks ago his condition
became worse and a few days later
he called his wife and two children
to his bedside, and. kissing them good
by, told them of his fast approaching
end. In the presence of the family,
Rev. A. S. Maxey of the First Method
ist Episcopal Church, Attorney R. S.
Marsh, the family physician and rela
tives he apparently died.
•An undertaker was called, and all
necessary' preparations were being
made for the funeral. Three hours
had elapsed, when suddenly the sup
posed dead man smiled and opened his
eyes. !
Special Dispatch to The Call
The bond ' market has suffered
throughout the.week from the same re
pressive influences as that of stocks
and has shewn no important move
ment. United States 2's have declined
\'i, and the 3's have advanced M per
cent on call during th© week.
The future net earnings of railroads
are expected to show the benefit of ex
tensive economies in reduction of-work
ing 1 forces and cutting down of expend!,
tures for movements which have fig
ured largely in expenses up to the
present time. The extreme case which
has developed in the njoney market
seems to leave little room for fear of
trouble on that ground. The payment
of $25,000 of Lake Shore notes and the
calling of 67%. per cent of the subscrip
tions to thQ $40,000,000 of new Lake
Shore bonds failed to create a ripple In
the money market. The inflow of funds
to Xew York has -stopped the import
movement of gold. or. the need for it.
But the December trade return, with
Its favorable trade balance of over $96,
000,000, is convincing proof that New
York's control of International ex
change remains unimpaired.
While the market has been pro
foundly neglected by the outside pub
lic no -important pressure to sell has
been in evidence and prices have npt
suffered during the week! It is un
certain how far this movement for
hesitation in New York may be mixed
with other influences since it is not
generally feared that war between
Russia and Japan would do any direct
harm to our industries or finances. It
is believed that the uncertainties nat
ural to the eve of a national political
campaign misht be sufficient in them
selves to induce a conservative atti
tude in the 1 financial world.
The decline of securities on account
of business inaction has been followed
by an upward movement. The senti
ment is hopeful, but actual develop
ments are awaited to induce conviction.
The iron and steel industry is especially
affected by conjecture and uncertainty.
Reductions in wages and other econo
mies are looked to for effect of" future
earnings. The heavy demand for cop
per, especially for European account,
is regarded as a probable corollary of
an improving market for iron and steel.
The future of railroad earnings is by
no means clear. The gross earnings for
the fount h week of December showed a
gratifying rise in the ratio of increase
over the corresponding period of last
year, but the roads so far reporting
for the first week in January fail to
Eustain the good record.
GOLD IMPORTS CEASE.
WAR TALK HARMLESS.
Operations by speculative pools in
minor stocks have offered the only
variation from the prevailing: monop
oly and the rumors set afloat to ac
count for these special movements
which accompanied the movements
have Droved impossible of verifica
tion. The manipulative operations
have been commented on and at least
one case has been the occasion . of
charges which threatened official in
vestigation by the Stock Exchange au
thorities.
But the stock market was disposed
to look a little askance at the loan ex
pansion of J1S.450, 400. Another week
of exDansion at that rate would bring
the loan' item of the banks to above
any figure on record, the highest rec~
ord for loans having -been reached in
the week ending February 21. 1903,
at $950,20S,700. Reports were . cur
rent of the' payment of a large loan
of long standing to one of the trust
companies, which may have involved
transfer of loan 'obligations to the
Clearing House banks. The market
closed steady but inanimate.
There has been no appreciable de
mand for securities this week, prices
have moved sluggishly and irregularly
8nd the stock market was practically
idle most of the time.
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.— Within nar
row limits both as to price movement
and volume of dealings, to-day's stock
market was ragged and uncertain.
The handful of room traders who
made up the market had difficulty in
moving the urices at all. The under
tone was on the whole firm, although
there was some yielding in spots. The
further advances in minor specialties
were not impressive and did not serve
to give tone to the rest of the market.
The downward course of prices in for
eign markets on the war situation was
not followed here, but the semi-attrac
tion was attributed to the uncertainty
over, the matter. A rumor gained
some currency also that an early de
cision would be forthcoming on the
Northern Securities case, probably due
to the fact that Tuesday is the day on
which the Supreme Court renders its
decision. The gain of upward of $17,
000,000 in cash reserve as shown in
the bank statement proved to be
largely in excess of even the most san
guine preliminary estimates, which
were more than usually at variance.
FIGURES ARE SURPRISING.
Predicts the Day and Hour of
His Second Demise and It
Occurs at the Given Time
It Is Believed Conditions Are
Due More to Coming Cam
paign Than to W r ar Outlook
DESCRIBES WHAT HE SAW
SECURITIES ARE SLUGGISH
Illinois Man, Supposedly Dead,
Keyives and Claims to Have
Made a Journey to Heaven
Stocks Are on the AVh'ole
Doubtful and Banks Look
Askance at Loan Increase
TELLS OF VISIT
TO THE BEYOND
MARKET SALES
ARE UNCERTAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1904.
Hrtnt Ofliccx3 Indicted.
23
ADVEETISEMENTS.
rJI ,„ _____ y, ¦— v
S1S-82O /AAPK^T 5X. FPAtKlSCO.
We still have our CLEARANCE SALE on.
Mote the big cuts in our prices. '
Sale of Muslinwear.
Corset Covers, mtdL.ck, f^i^S^^^f^
I nravt'Pr^ Cambric with dt-cp lawn flounce and cluster
Laates urauers. q . tucks . hemst itched hem 2 .sc to $x..w
Ladies' Chemises. Mad f ?{ : exce^ n j Ciua!ity of w?3 S ?"J
—————————————————————— cambnc ironj 4.sc to 92. so
Mucfin r.nu'iic Muslin _nd cambric, made of reliable material.
MUSI in UOUnS. an(] pretli]y trimme d. from 50c to $2.50
Cambric Skirts. ££*£*££ f 1 ?™^. ! >om .;;. V.V.'.qsc" to" $V. 7 s
Umbrella Drawers! difTcrent styles, elesant trimmmc. from
Dm*%« D'irfl PnfYno t\ ft FIHGK'S guaranteed
Brass Biro Caps, jj|i fountain pens
FIRST GRADE "HENDRYX" CQn T 71 1! Reg. $1.00 RQp
Reg. 75c— Special 3 J » W^ Cut to — 03b
ji nnn HA|R BRUSHES - Onnn l inm } c Toi J et s D oap<
/ 20 different stjles. V UJI Corass in 6 odors. Reg.
1UUU y 50c; cut 39c| OUflil Sfflr.y; 25c
111 Tiir 1 1TFCT IIHCin IT U1IC TBUHKS AT FAOTOST PBICES.
ALL THt LA I td I MUoIO A I HALr In consequence of moving our Trunks
to the wareroomg during the holiday se«-
THF RPR1II 1R P/HHF » on . eome 40 or more became slightly
int nCOULAn miUt. marred. These are perfect otherwise, but
_____ __^_ _— — —•—.«——^~—^»«™i«—« to close them out have decided to cut the
SPECIAL — BA.BT CAEKIAGE. $30.00 Trunks tc>.. $12.00 Trunks to. .
Handeome'.y Celshed baby carriaj?*: .••¦•• ....$22.50 •••••• .....»».OO
»Trt_f nheel*. rubber tire5. patent foot $25.00 Trunk, to $10.00 Trunks to..
h-«V» dark Kre«n enameled gear, nicely J1».UU ip»^>l»
« r^te^? oTsale .... - »T.«5 $20.00 Trunko to . . $S.OO Trunks to ...
J>he™ at *sf^i »1O. *12-%O »14 flS.OO »5.05
reading Go^arts from..»2.T5 to »«.<V> $15.00 Trunk* to. . $6.00 Trunks- to. .
BeachOo-Carts from . . . f 2.OO to ?2.75 _".fl »4.«
BABT B—SKirr 4SC An elfeant u ne ot medium price suit
Maie of wiHow; atroug and neat; JSH raser, with same quality locks, bolts and'
x!7 inches: cheap *i ~&'. now *& c «te*l frame a? best good?.
» Jn 24 Jn
HT7SSEBT OATB. ..fl.45 to $2.50 ..|I1.75 to $4.O0
Polished O«k Norsery Gate: will lit 22 In 26 in .•.
_ny etSrway or door g=.4S ..fl.eO to »3.5O ,.»1.8S to »4JiO
_C_iT8S. B-xotb — &fi Sbears rround tad repaired.
Picture Trames at all description" made to order.
- ADVEBTISEMilNTS.
Golden Gate Ave. 1375^ feet. Gpuch and JeflFerion Park 120 ft.. Elm Ave.
137H ft. (Ready for occupancy about February 15th.)
The Largest Exclusive Automobile House In America
We Handle the Genuine French Automobiles
. • French type and high grade American Cars, exclusively.
- Pierce Arrow .Touring Car (French) JP2.65O.OO
Pierce Stanhope ( French tyoc) 1 .450.00
Pierce Arrow, four cylinder . . . ; . . . ... 4.2OO.OO
Northern Runabout. .......:..... :.... «OO.OO
We guarantee the monthly expenses on French cars purchased from us.
Shop and garage* in charge of experts of national reputation.
Largest automobile passenger service in the world. Open all nieht.
Phones Larkin 3841, Polk 3086- | Downtown Office Lobby Palace Hotel:
• ; . . Phone Bush 85,9. .
MOBILE CARRIAGE COMPANY,
Temporary quarters — Golden Gate and Van Ness Avenues. San Francisco.
ADVEB.TISEIEENTS.
OVERCOAT SALE
We offer for the rest of January
Special Reductions
in the following lines of Men's
Fall and Winter
OVERCOATS
CL This is an Exceptional Opportunity to get a good
"Roos-made" garment at a big saving : : : : : :
75 OVERCOATS Regular price $10.00
- SALE PRICE $8.5O
181 OVERCOATS Regular price $12.50
S/\LI__ PRICE ag^g
209 OVERCOATS. . . . £ .Regular price $15.00
SALE PRICE 3I-2.OO
j 197 OVERCOATS Regular -price $20.00
SALE PRICE $1600
96 OVERCOATS , Regular prices $25.00 and $27.50 I
SALE PRICE S-21.OQ
62 OVERCOATS . . . . Regular price $30.00
SALE PRICE $25.00
NOTE — These are not old goods, but all this season's
C If you want a good Overcoat and at the same time
save yourself money,, this is your chance :: : : :
KEARNY AT POST
Without Schilling's Best,
there is difficulty in getting
good
tea • baling ¦pomiier ip::a
ceTee _t,roris2 extracts §od»
cind money goes further with
Schilling's Best.
A: jtwr C" cer's; a<y>zjt*£u
AD VEBTESEMENTS. " '
judgeT^^ court
'Was Alarmingly Afflicted With La Grippe.
Cured by Pe-ru-na.
' There Is r.o remedy in the world that
C^^M/M^m^^^^^^^^ Pp Til na meets th " conditlor - s P^duced by la
y^/.'/|_y_Efi_^^^^^^^^^r rc-rU-na srnppe tWter than the remedy. Peruna.
\^^a^5S^ffi^^^^^^^^^^^f • Peruna strengthens as it renovates.
H^^'vWTO^^^^^^ pnpae sooth** while it stimulates, heals as it
V^^S^^^^^^^^^^^^ Ul Ca rxpursrates. Perur.a is not a purgative.
>S^~.-_V~~~g£SS^;^§§§§§^ or cathartic, or sedative, or stimulant.
: "~~~~^r^§^y2¥?,5^ \ fflOrS nor a ve S eta ble or mineral poison. It
/flp^g-rrr^gSgl^g^^a) reaches the sources of all diseases of the
¦"<^$^^ "r5§^^^ ///Mf^/g/J/Jilr». la -.j n «« during the la*t year should tak? a course
"¦"^l^^^Jc^ f s/MBnfww//JJJJlP''f {>''PP« of Pcruna. No one need expect perfect
health is impossible until these are re-
¥'///////// Si! Other * normal ronriition. This Pe-
Vj ' '//////// runa will do. A RTeat many r^m^die^
"v^- ~~~^>v>sSvV>>^>?s8 *fn/mVvXsSSBmf^l^il'Wnr///ni\ 1// ///////} j« have bc?n stisrsested for this condition
fimWu^ remedieS from tlme to tim '' but f^una appears
¦ "^O^SSoOV^ l^W'' 1 l ~ [{ 'l Illll/// to be the orlv remedy that has any sub-
•»^\NSVN>^^V tBvj^h*^ ." y, Iff '//' , stantial value in these cases. It has
V ' J Pftmhlnprf never failed to give satisfaction during
XV\\ .*' I v/UHIUlHCUi I f 0rty years' experience and still occu-
x - S \ I P' es the unique position of being the
• ¦ " . I \ leading (if not the only> speclttc remedy
HOI\I W M PAR^ON^ for the after effects of la grippe.
rlUWi TW, n. rMnOWreOi Il.iry Jjistin. tbr lx\ru«of and maker
A _^_^_^_. <^^^~^^-^^~*^-^^^^~-~^^~~~^*~^~^^^^-^ •"»* all th-« instruments for th^
\ ¦ I Henry Distin Manufacturing Co.. writes
/ W. H. Parsons is ex-State Senator and ex-Special Judge of the Supreme I the following from 1441 South Ninth
) Court of Texas, also Brigadier General lp Confederate Army. % In a recent let- ] street. Philadelphia. Pa.: %
( ter from 925 H street, Northwest, Washington. D. C. this prominent gentle- *"I had a bad attack of la grippe last
) man says: I Decemb-r which lasted more than three
\ ¦ "l/po,-, the recommendation of personal friends and many strong testimonials y
\ as to the efficacy of Peruna in the . treatment of the numerous symptoms of the try Peruna. I began with a bottle th#
( grippe with which I hate been afflicted for four months past. I hare been induced to fl«t week in March and it certainly did
undergo a treatment with this justly celebrated formula. I feel a decided change I 'purchased ISSmXS&
) for the better after using it only one week. It is especially good in toning up the niH i followed the directions, and can say
) stomach and has had a decided effect upon my appetite. I therefore feel much that it has cured me." — Henry Distin.
V encouraged that I am en the road to complete restoration. ' ' I* y°« do » ot derive prompt and satis-
( "My numerous friends in Texas, where I hare had the honor to command a write^t'onc^oD 1 ?. Hartmtn? KiWniTk
/ brigade of her Veteran Caralry in a fjur-years' war. may accept this voluntary f U n statement of yo'ur case and he will
) testimonial to the merits of Peruna as a sense of obligation on my part for Us M pleased to give you his valuable ad-
\ wonderlul efficacy." -W. H. Parsons. : ' IZa&EFS*. Hartman. President of
V-> — < « _^-_->^-> _-<_-^_--_-n^^-— «_-^w^_» -_~> _— «-— _— n-— w^*-w— _^_— _-^->O The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
A reward of $10,000 has been deposited in the Market Exchange Bank, Colum-
bus, Ohio, as a guarantee that the above testimonial is genuine; thai we hold in
our possession authentic letters certifying to the same. Every one of our testi-
monials are genuine and in the words of the one whose name is appended.BERLIN. Jan. 46. — The Samburger N'ach
richten says that Emperor William has in
vited James Gordon • Bennett, editor of the
Mew York Herald; to be his guest during the
automobile races at Hamburar
According to_ Profesor J. . Scott Clark
of the Northwestern University the
standard church hymns are defective.
Most of them are. introspective. They
deal with the spiritual condition of the
self and with the chances of the indi
vidual to get to heaven. They are sel
fish. Few hymns express the principles
of the second great commandment—
that we should love our neighbors as
ourselves. With the exception of "Blest
Be the Tie That Binds" there is scarce
ly a wellrknown hymn that Is altruistic
ln sentiment.— New York Commercial
Advertiser.
Selfishness of Hymns.
.Anthony Holzen, a prominent black
smith, aged 85, is dead at Cumberland,
Md. He was known as a man ¦A'ho
never sat down for forty years prior to
his death. He never left his home,
could not stand still, and always ate
his meals walking. He worked at his
trade all the time, and was robust ln
appearance.
His nervousness was due to the fact
that forty years ago he came near
being run over by. cars. — Pittsburg
Press. .
On Ills' Feet for Forty Years.
Mrs. K. Jungers, who conducts a
saloon at 640 Stanyan street, has re
ported to the police that William Ger
ber, a man over 70 years of age, swin
dled her out of $40 with two worth
less checks. One of them is for $15.
drawn on the First National Bank,
and the other for $S5 on J. W. Selig
man, both^ bearing the signature of
William Gerber Bayer;
Accepted Worthless Check.
HAVANA, Jan.. 16.— The former Boer
commandant, General Delarey, has ar
rived here from Mexico and will study
Cuban conditions with the idea of
forming a cojony of Boers here.
Delarey Arrives in Cuba.
NORFOLK. Va.. Jan. 16.— The Dims Sav
ings Bank or Portsmouth closed Its doors to
day. The alleged defalcation of Cashier John
Downing several weeks ago la said to have
been the cause of the failure.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— Legal pro
ceedings for the control of Wallace
Hicks, the negro jockey, were to-day
decided in favor of Al J. Plique, a New
Orleans trainer and horse owner, to
whom Hicks was apprenticed by his
father in Louisiana a year and a half
ago for a period of three years. Hicks
has been making about ? 10,000 a j'fcar.
Hicks Must Ride for PUque.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 16.— A mass-meeting
of fruit growers of the Santa Clara
Valjey held to-day pledged themselves
not to make any sales of their prunes
without first consulting the executive
committee, appointed at a previous
meeting. Arrangements were made
whereby any who must sell soon may
sell at market prices to the committee,
thus strengthening the market instead
of depressing It.
Prune Sale System Is Arranged.
CHICAGO, Jan. 16. — Because Frank
lin Union No. 4 of Press Feeders had
failed to Justify a judgment for $1000
due the Stale as a fine which Judge
Holdom entered against the organi
zation after finding: it guilty of con
tempt of court as a corporation. Judge
Brentano to-day entered an order
naming Allan McLane as receiver for
the union.
Receiver for a Union.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 16. — A
jury this afternoon acquitted Police
man J. B. Smithson, charged with
manslaughter for killing Charles Dod
son last October, while the latter was
trying to escape arrest for disturbing
the peace. The verdict is not only-gen
erally'approved, but Judge Oster from
the bench congratulated the Jury, say
ing the verdict will have the effect of
materially assisting the officers to con
trol the hoodlum element by making
it evident that the courts and the
juries justify peace officers in enforc
ing the law.
Court Praises the Policeman.
STOCKTON, Jan. 16.— Word was re
ceived here from Tesla this afternoon
to the effect that an explosion there
had resulted in the death of one man
and that many others had been injured.
Particulars were not obtained.
One Death Reported ss the Result of
a Disaster In a Coal Min-
Injr Town.
EXPLOSION AT TESLA
INJURES MANY MEN
•Torn" Darby, a former State Sena
tor la the Florida Legislature from
Putnam County, is now a prosperous
and a popular broker "on the curb."
tvjth an €>*"?*! not a thousand miles
jwgy frcm "No. 26." where all the
Mocks are said to go when they get
right ch»;ap and the "crowd" is selling.
Darby ie a North Carolinan. but lived
in Florida many year*, where he had a
varied and rather picturesque experi
ence. He Is still on the sunny side of
rromotloii Accorded by Neighbors
and Employers as One In
crenses In Importance.
C1TIXC OF TITLES
DOWN IN THE SOUTH
He employed a lot of men, paid
them their wages promptly, had a
good balance always In a Gaines
ville bar.k, was a good fellow wltnal.
and very naturally he soon came to- be
known nit "Cap'n" Darby. "I was no
'captain,* " he explains, "but that was
the habit of the country and I had to
fifty, and has a well-marked vein of
humor. It is a funny story that he
tells about the "evolution" of military
titles dov.n in the State that grows
alligators and oranges and strawber
ries, and is now said to be held politi
cally by a Standard Oil man— a Re
publican—aa in the hollow of his hand.
When Senator Tom was only about
28 years old he had a good-paying saw
mill down on the Gulf coast close to
Cedar Kers.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— General
Gillesple, recently confirmed as major
general, and General McKenzie, con
firmed at the same time as chief of
engineers, are precluded temporarily
from accepting their commission be
cause of a technical error made by the
Senate. • . • ¦
In the last list of army promotions
it was provided that Brigadier Gen
erals Kobbe, Sanger, Bates and Ran
dolph should be promoted to tfcie grade
of major general in the order given
and retired immediately thereafter.
General was nominated ma
jor general, vice Randolph, retired,
and General McKenzie, chief of engi
neers, vice Gillespie, promoted. The
nominations of Gillespie and McKen
zie were confirmed last Thursday, but
the nominations of Generals Kobbe,
Sangej, Bates and Randolph were
passed over for a few days, the result
being to nullify the confirmation of
Generals Gillespie and McKenzie, who
were, actually confirmed to vacancies
that did not e,xist. It is said that Gen
erals Kobbe, Sanger. Bates and Ran
dolph will be confirmed early this
week, . thus permlting the confirma
tions of Generals Gillespie and Mc-
Kenzie to be effective.
By Senate's Error Promotion of Gen
erals Gillesple nnd McKcnzie Is
Not Properly Confirmed.
MUST WAIT A WHILE
FOR NEW INSIGNIA
stand for It. Why, even the railroad
conductors are 'cap'ns' down there."
Pretty soon he got some big contracts
for getting out cedar logs for soraj of
the large lead-pencil companies, em
ployed more men. and had a bigger
bank balance. Then it was "Major"
Darby—the whole county catching on
at once. .• •
. By-and-by came a big contract for
lumber for the "L" road, then build
ing here in New York. More men, big
ger mills, longer piers and more
schooners loading at them. Now it
was "Colonel" Darby.
"I got me a good pair of high-step
ping mares and a red-wheeled' top bug
gy, in which I drove about a good deal
looking after my numerous lumber
camps and gangs of men," as the Sen
ator tells it now, "and I smoked good
cigars, dressed well, talked some poli
tics and read the New York papers.
The first thing I knew they were ad
dressing me as 'General' Darby. It
was no use protesting. It had to 'go.'
And the country papers would now apd
then interview 'General' Darby— so I
was high-line all along the Gulf and
'up to road' into Alachua County."
Along came a Gulf storm one day in
the late autumn and the hurricane
swept the whole coast to destruction.
Next morning "General" Darby's
wharves and mills and booms and .ves
sels and logs and sawed lumber were
all put in the Gulf of Mexico, scat
tered and lost, and he was . $60,000
poorer than when he went to bed the
night before.
He hustled to pull himself together
and save the foundation of a new busi
ness out of the wreck, but it was up
hill work. He paid all his men their
wages in full and let other creditors
wait— a proceeding that kept him solid
with the people — but pretty soon some
body called him "Colonel" Darby one
day and in less than a month his. title
of "General" was a thing of the past.
After a fire and a railroad wreck which
had still further impaired his fortune
it was "Major" Dar.by again, and about
"a year and a half after: the hurricane
all the county people were addressing
him by his original title of "Cap'n."
"Things weren't going very well with
me." says Senator Tom, "and one fine
day as I was standing in front of the
postofllce reading my mall I overheard
a tall Cracker say to another, "looking
In my direction, "That's Old Man Dar
by over yander. What do you reckon
he'd say if I asked him for a job?"
; "That settled, me! From 'General*
Darby down to 'Ole Man' Darby inside
of two years was too much for me! 1
quit that country and went up to Pa
latka and into politics. The 'Senator*
seems to stick better -than- all the
others after all."— New York Commer
cial."
' SAN JOSE. Jan. 16. — The South Bay Yacht
Club, composed of eeafarlns enthusiast* of
this city, will close the season to-morrow by
a clambake at their clubhouse at Alvtso. After
the feast a short cruise will be taken and- the
smaller boats of tbe fleet will be used to
explore the Guadalupe Creek sloujh and the
estuary which letuis into the bay near Moun
tain View.
Robert Park beat J. W. Elder. 21 to 16; J.
C. Moffatt and II. L. TIckner beat A. Foreman
and O. C. Patterion, 21 to 19; John MeLarei
and Y. C. Law«m beat Alexander Hay and
John Reid. 21 to 17; Moffatt and Foreman beat
I>. Dalziel and J."M. E&rsmen, 21 to 18; S.
Irvine and W. Wat«on beat P. L. Dunn and
J. M. Duncan. '21 to 12; George Center an3
Tickner b«at A. B. Maculra and Junes Meoras,
21 to 12; J. McLachlan and Dr. Gunn beat
James Gray and G. C. Patterson. 21 to 13;
M. L. Crowe and Dr. Gunn beat W". R. Eaton
and James Gray. 21 to 10.
A cold wind and sodden grass were
not sufficient to dampen the ardor of
the Scottish bowlers yesterday after
noon. Many of the members played
on the Recreation Park rinks and
despite the bad conditions some good
bowling was done. Two close matches
were played, the score in each case
being 21 to 19. In the first J. C. Mof
fatt and H. L. TIckner beat A. Fore
man and G; C. Patterson. In the
second M. I* Crowe and Dr. Gunn
beat \V. R. Eaton and James Gray.
Moffatt and Foreman played an in
teresting game with Dr. Dalziel and
J. M. Earsman. The former won 21
to IS. The following matches were
played:
Two Matches in Doubles Result in
Close Scores on Golden Gate
Park Green.
SCOTTISH BOWLERS PLAY
ON SODDEN GROUNDS
Learning of her contemplated move,
her grandfather secured the assistance
of Sheriff Canut, who accompanied
him to the depot, where 'the girl was
preparing to take a train for Spokane.
Grandfather Dickson quietly took her
by the arm and led her home. Light
foot hastened to Colfax and agreed to
marry the girl at her home. They se
cured a marriage license and started
out to flnd a minister.
Lightfoot telephoned her from Spo
kane yesterday to met him there in
the evening and they would get mar
ried. The girl confided to a friend
that it was their intention to take pas
sage on a steamer and be married in
midocean.. Their proposed destination
they would not state.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 16.— John
Dickson of Colfax proved a "Foxy
Grandpa" Friday when he learned
that his granddaughter, Dora Salts, in
tended eloping to- San Francisco with
J. F. Lightfoot. The, bride is not yet
16 years old and has made her home
with her grandparents, her parents be
ing dead.
John Dickson of Coif ax Upsets the
Carefully Laid Plans of Dora Salts
and Her* Sweetheart.
PREVENTS THE ELOPEMENT
OF HIS GRANDDAUGHTER
NEW YORK, Jan. 16. — Gabrielle
Bompard, the French woman who,
thirteen years ago, assisted Michael
Eyraud to commit a murder which
stirred Paris at the time, and whose
trial attracted wide attention on ac
count of the appeal to hypnotism as a
defense, arrived on the Lucania to-day,
but was immediately apprehended by
immigration inspectorsand ordered de
ported on the ground that she was an
ex-convict, having but lately served out
the service imposed for the murder.
Gabrielle and Eyraud in 1890 con
spired to kill and rob Antonette Guf
fey. The girl enticed Guffey to her
apartments and then assisted Eyraud
to strangle him. After the murder she
came to America with Eyraud, but later
returned to Paris and, urged by a
young man with whom she had fallen
in love, confessed her share in the
crime. At her trial it was contended
that she was a hypnotic subject, and a
hypnotist expert tried to secure parmis
slon to hypnotize, her in open court and
have her enact the crime, but the Jury
voted against the experiment. She was
convicted and sentenced to twenty
years' imprisonment, which, with com
mutation for good -behavior, recently
expired. ¦.'.:• '
The United States bureau of chemis
try when it began to enforce the pure
food law on imports last year found
that "the. American people have been
buying labels." Professor Allen says:
"The Germans are perhaps doing:
more for their food supply than any
other nation in the way of studying
methods to make it easier of enforcing
its findings. The action Germany has
taken with regard to our meats and
the action it will soon take with regard
to our fruits must not be considered
hostile. The Germans are protecting
the purity of their food supply.
"England," continued Professor Al
len, "is the dumping ground for bad
foods. Her food laws are insufficient
and poorly enforced."
LEXINGTON, Ky., Jan. 16.—Revela
tions of the impurity of foods 'in Eu
rope are made by Professor Allen, sec
retary of the National Pure Food As
sociation, in his report. Professor Al
len has just returned from London,
Berlin and Paris, where he had been
sent by the association to make an in
vestigation of European food products.
Allen said:
. "I learn from the authorities of the
municpal laboratories of Paris that 60
per cent, of the. French wines and 80
per cent of their champagriea are either
adulterations or imitations, notwith
standing the French vineyards had the
greatest yield the past two years with
in a century, and pure wine itself had
been very cheap. Much of the wines
included in this 60 per cent never saw
a vineyard and the grape forms no part
of their composition." f .
Authorities Enforce Law Pro
hibiting' the : Coming of Ex-
Convicts to This Country
Germany, He Says, Js Doing
More to Prevent Impurities
I Than All the Other Nations
SENTENCE RECENTLY ENDS
AMERICANS BUY LABELS
American Expert Declares That
Sixty Per Cent of All the
French Wines Are Adulterated
Gabrielle Bompard, Who Assist
ed in Crime in Paris, Is De
nied Landing in .America
GATE IS SHUT
TO MURDERERS
SAYS EUROPE'S
FOOD IS POOR
THE . SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, . SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1904.
24
ADVERTISEMENTS.' . '_ ___,!_,_ .--^-^
FOUR SPECIALS IN ' COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PRO MIT ATTENTION. * GREAT SALE OF*
WHITE GOODS. \J$& 0 ~* j^««4w^^j 50c TAFFETA SILKS for
25 c I WB IA W «,o». ror Yard 14c row 1 Sfk^SSyl O
70-lroh WHITE OEQAHDV, the 50c MatchJess values like these
Quality for -Z&T& .•*!><•. J^— 'XjE^JauTl sf -* vr -***>- <gj^ w Vf^\*r* wlH help to do u 1500 yardB rw^yfl
$3.25 Qnallty for. .13-yard pieca Sl«<5 sOr .— _,^i—^__-_--^ m .^ -¦—^^ mm wmm ~ '^\
(VlarveSous Silk Offers. I f~~~ouR first great
The values simply extraordinary; and as the SHtJttl%'S*A1/liQt" \1 AT liilS/i
quantities are limited* therefore liable to be sold jClIII/l UlliCl V kJdiC III 1/ ll*"l
out by Monday night, we cannot p"bmise to fill mail I ** J
OrdSTS. A mammoth purchase comprising over 60,000 yards of hisrh-grade
900 yards 50c and 60c Quality 27-Inch Japanese Silks Q Qg '^S^m^^^^M H
*cJ&£Z J 3 , d ¦: . dm .ha. i. offer, vou f ca. e r money saving than gg^gg
Waists and Underwear, in 2«? of the leadinj? shades; also I B .. ever held in, this city. If you don t need them now secure a sup-
White. Cream and Black. The actual 50c and 60c kind on sale to- ply for later use— you'll never see these prices duplicated on Embroid-
morrow 30c yard eries of equal quality. Included are the very choice grades of Nain-
filin Varik Hitrh-firaffo SI 9R Crenfl dfl Chinfi SilkS APn .' sook and Cambric in Eddncs and Insertions; mose beautiful patterns;
OUU ]farQS mgn-OraO- 0l,Z0 Urep8 OB Unine *UR& O S h styles used for Corset Covers. Skirts and other fine Underwear-^divided
W^t^i^^^^SSM^ 0.0 " d I *§& lots at the following unprecedented low price:
iSSXSSIS^^S^^S^St&^ creal 3 to' 5 inch EmbroSdaries, worth 3 to 8 Inch Embroideries, worth .
Pink, Light Blue and Black, on sale while this lot lasts at 85c yard " — jf- < Q . \ ~ 79C 20C 3ild 25C, fOF. . . . . 12 J4C
SI.25 Quality Guaranteed Taffeta $1.00 Black Silk Poplin for 5 to V inch Embroideries worth 7 t~i5 inch Embroideries, worth
A very high grade, 27- m 600 yards of our $1.00 4X*\f> — 0(\« f ftr , ' ifir fi IP to 85c for 89C
inch Black Taffeta, an Q^C grade Black Silk Poo- -f *| C 30C ™ * lgC D >C TO 03C, IQf OJ7W
brmSTfinis^cSy 0 !^ 5d lin; an extra heavy auaI " 5 to 12 Inch Embroideries, worth 7 to 15 Inch Embroideries, worth
Qg, regular value On . 35C M d 50C, tlir 8oC tO $1,25, tOF. . . . -. . -48C
' /TSALE OF NEW n f To-Morrow- Great Clean-Up ] f FOUR GREAT BARGAINS.
Madras and Zephyr Ginghams Remnants of Dress Goods at • %rtj^Rrtj8j«£Sa^
tl. r; n^5mc u.<« niarr on <;ale to- I f\\ T« ?««- mi i u t -^ ' Robes and Sacques. They must be closed out at
The Ginghams ue place on sa i c i o in To-morrow .we will hold a ereat | once beca u S e we need the room for new spring
morrow are entirely new— the choices. I / P clean-up sale of all the Remnants of 1 goods. .
styles of ,904. About^ Jjece. w ( £. 2 U B^k and Colored Dress Goods now "y- $1.50 Dressing SaCqUeS HOW 98C 63Ch
on sale and you never saw more ,„ stO ck. Every piece to be sold for 4* 2
eharrning and m ,°" be "|;' lfu ! *'''": "If just one-half the former sellinc orice. MICE. $2.00 DrBSSlng S3C(|lieS IHf $1.25 eiCil
»n4 desicns thin these- the exact »pi« at Remnants of Etamine. Crepes, : — -,„ no .
h:,^o G r l^e T^e;^co;?i^a r^ar g c r "rie«y 0 of A. P aca S , Voiles. Broadc.o.hs, Cheviot, Vc'ne: S5.50 Bith R0t68 BOW ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ $3.98 Illj
y^'^;r£^.^ i ?^ 1 1 3 *? 7 1 1 S8.50 Bath Roies m , $5.25 each
me Sale sf Muslin Underwear | PHENOMENAL SUIT AND JACKET SALE
iSSSSS^i^^^tt «^^ 'VT $25.03 AND $30.00 SUITS F03 $14.85 EACH
will be continued for this we«k. A preat ; V-l? .^^^~^>^ t> ... , , , . e . : ?V •¦ i V '¦ .i,
variety of Gowss, Skirti, Chemii«, >^^~^^ / I & VV To-morrow will be a grest sale day in our Suit Department, and if
Drawer* and Corset Covers — and r \ /*»S*£^&sJ « * y° u have been waiting for this great opportunity you'll not be disap-
? O o?,? d ma£ sj^sf izr^T^ z i gSS^^JI Jm\ i oi i- 4 , if you f c^ m ?- y% ™rv°s\ osc T r r" %\ oi °v r od \ and
elean r.rd new and fresh, made of the, *^^?f /^V^ =fc Sy£^^S» < broken lines of Tailored Suits. Jackets and Coats. They have been
finest materials. 'i^rif iFllc* / marked at half and in many instances less than half price; we now in-
These Specials on Sale. Beginning Monday: y^gn^i vitc you to P a . rtici P ate * the g. r « atest mo ? c y saving opportunity offered
\ m. „» «., ~, •, «c ••, « n -w. / JfM \\ V % b y a "y store m women s wearing apparel.
gowns at 65c. 89c SLOP. $1.35, gl.SO !}». / //O Vji ; J ft JL * ..„-„.. nfllTO nil PUP ix
P r a w»« nt i9c «c soc esc si.oo E >. / //j i % •% \ $25 z^ $30 TAILORED SUITS ON SALE AT j OB .
Skirts at see, »l J 25.-gl J 50. W. gagg_ga, / //|a^T, 1 These are radical Reductions— radical because the &M Sti .€$*$
Ccrs«t Covets at g5c, 35c, SOc aaa 75o Sa. / 0 #¦ H * a jjj^ prices stand out without precedent— the lowest ever 'T^^^y^'S^
C 1 f Riflrlr C3I1- PAttirnfltc Cy J7 / f {« *8*t«£jps^ quoted. Included are our best $25 and $30 Dress ML A* e «
j316 01 DIuCK 311K lvUIWOalo ffifllil an^ Walking Suits— broken lines of cheviot, broadcloth and mixed materials in
po • flu \ \ short and long effects; some have shoulder capes, others beautifully trimmed, all
fL &*Q5 F? Vi /Si I " \ marked atone price, $14.85 each.
<£ ySr&Mmr ta.Cn /// f \ BEUASKABLE REDUCTION SAtE OF JACKETS AI?X> COATS.
Iftigg&r / Juj n /Vs. Every one of these garments was imported for this fall, the styles' are right and
On Special Bale to-morrow: An even /;|f t\ I, % \> the materials arc right-now they will be cleared for less than half price.
100 Black Pftticoata that are grand U M 6 1 '/ '//, X $10.00 BOX Coat* HOW . . . $3 9o C^c!i. S^O.OO Fitted Coats HOW . . $9.85 e«Ch.
iMsrmarkTlVJ.^ g 'jfe^^QiT Box Coat, now . . . 56.45^^! S25.00 Ke-sey Co^ts now . . SI4.95 each.
f-A flour.c* and double ruffle effect.^ itn- j \^P^£z££? r '" > 17.50 Box Uoats now . . * S7.93 each. $35.00 \oveHy « oats now. . $!8.9;7eac \
m€?ns€ va4u€ Each $5*t)5 — ¦ ¦ *™ ' ¦w^—^ ¦¦ ¦¦-. ¦ ¦¦» - ¦ ¦¦¦¦—¦¦ ¦ r ¦ n ,¦ , . 4. ¦ ¦ ¦
ADVEBTISElgENTS.
mBMk • - ' JB/ff '
knocks out
Prevents Pneumonia.
• Pneumonia is due to exposure' to chill
while heated, and if the system is not
in good tone the liability is Increased.
First there is a general : bad- feeling,
followed by headache, chill and vomit-
ing. The worst thing about Pneumonia
is. that the patient dpesnot usually sus-
pect the disease until the third day.
when there is' marked fever and pain in
breathing, in eating and in drinking.
Humphreys' '"77" breaks up Colds,
knocks out Grip and prevents Pneu-
monia. ' .
At Druggists'.. 25 cents.
• ET Medical Guide mailed-free.
Humphreys' Med. Co.. Cor. Wlllrata and
John Streets. New York. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PLAGUE OF THE NIGHT.
Itching Plies ami Other Rectal Trou-
bles Easily Cured by a New
and Safe Method.
A Ecmarkable Number of Cures Made by
the Pyramid Pile Cure.
About one person in every four suf-
fers from some form of Tectal disease..
The most common and annoyins is itch-
ing piles, indicated by warmth, slight
moisture and intense, uncontrollable
itching in the parts affected. '
The usual treatment has been some
Jimple y ointment or salve which some-
times give temporary relief, but noth-
ing like a permanent cure can be ex-
pected from such superficial treatment
* The only permanent cure, for itching
piles yet discovered is the Pyramid Pile
Cure, not only for itching piles but for
every other form of piles, blind, bleed-
ing or protruding. The first applica-
tion gives instant relief and the con-
tinued use for a short time causes a
permanent removal o^ the tumors or
the small parasites which cause the
intense itching and discomfort of itch-
inff piles.
F. M. Collins of 440 Armitage avenue.
Chicago, says: "Some time ago I com-
menced using Pyramid Pile Cure for
a disagreeable case of itching piles.
After using five boxes I consider my-
self entirely cured of the disagreeable
trouble, thanks to this excellent rera-
: edy, and I shall never fail to recom-
j mend it to any of my friends who may
happen to be troubled as I was."
i The Pyramid Pile Cure is probably
the only pile cure extensively recom-
mended by physicians, because it is so
safe, so prompt in the relief afforded
and so far as known the only positive
cure for piles.
All druggists now sell it at E0 cents
per package.
Address the Pyramid Co., Marshall,
Mich., for book On cause and cure of
piles.
If suffering from any form of piles
ask your druggist for a package of
Pyramid Pile Cure and try it to-night.
d VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT 4
kUSEUM OF AHATOHYf
Q Q& 1051JUSZITST.t«'..6rtfcNi,S.r.C»l. 4
\ tj. Tbe Larrett Aattonical Museum in the \
Q .. rjirj World. Weakatssci or . any caatrtcterf Q
1 WBO] disc»« *««lllw«lr *»r«* hy the olden W
® l&Hl Specially oo the Cois- Eit. 36 years. Q
A tif&tffi ? B - JORDAN-D!SEASES OF MEN 4
\ V k\x$din Consultation (r*e and XrictW pri»»t«- \
B B JtoW li Treatment personally ot by Idler. A J
\ H W M rf ***"*" ur * ln **"T «»• una«rt»Jcen. \
tip 1 HO Wntefof »i«k.rniL.oaai>siT*r A
" S I * M*»nIA«K. MAILED fKKK. (AT
k Q y, TJiuible Iwok f»f Bi'n) \
9 I>n. JOCD A N A CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. Y
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable.- Causes
: perfect digestion, complete absorption and
; healthful regularity. '
I For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
I Liver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
j regularities. Sick Headache, Biliousness. Ccti-
' stipatlon, PlUe and all J deransements of the
" Internal Viscera. 23o a box. At drugclsta or
j by mall. RADWAY &. CO.. New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Attractive tables
The most tastily designed
parlor tables we have ever
shown are now on our
floors. They show the
value of originality and
have a style that is quickly
commented upon by per-
sons of taste. The table
pictured above is one of
them. Made of birchwood,
with mahoganized top in
oval shape, measuring 24
by 34 inches. Of quite
heavy construction and
with carved feet. Price
$27-50-
Visitors to our drapery
and curtain floor invariably
express admiration for
those imported Moorish
and Persian lamps displayed
throughout the department. %
They are strikingly effec-
tive and just the thing for
• an Oriental den or the
261 to 281 Geary Street
At Union Square
l\W«' ur . — BEERS? I
" SOLD EVERYWHERE. ¦
UILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. ' ' If
Pacific Coast Agents. _^H
De Blowitz's Nationality.
M. de Blovritz. giving himself a noble
Gentile instead of a Jewish origin,
claims in his memoirs to have been
born at the Chateau Blowitz, in Bo-
hemia, which had long been the seat
of his aristocra tic ancestors. But soma
one has Just made the discovery that
this lordly pile has been ln the posses-
sion of the high-born Kolowrat fam-
ily for over two centuries! In 1872
it was left by the lsrte Count Hans
Kolowrat to his nephew, Count Palffy*.
It is believed in Bohemia that the
Times' correspondent was the son of a
Hebrew grocer. Oppert by name, in
the village of Blowitz, and that he
dubbed himself "Oppert de Blowlts" in
order to distinguish himself from the
numerous other Opperts of the coun-
try. — London Daily Chronicle.
LONDOIC, Jan. 10. — The Commercial Com-
mission of the House of Common* has cabled to
the American Parliamentary Arbitration group
In Washington hearty congratulations oa its
formation and promising to gladly eo-opetata
with It. -
I V .>" ADVERTISEMENTS. *
&S.-A MONTH.&5
- ALL MEDICIHES TBEE. '.
DRS. SHORES & SHORES
NOT O5LT'd72S CATAB8H. hat
they cure Stomach Troubles, Kidney
Diseases, BlaSder Troubles, Hears
Disease. Piles, Fistula and Kectal
Diseases, Diseases of Women and
CMldxon, - S*ia ; Diseases, De&fness,
Astteia, Bronchial and X.ua» Tron-
blei. Rheumatism, Hay Fever, Lost
Strength, Blood Diseases and all
forms o£ nervous and Chronic Dia-
€ " M " WEAK MEN .
: If yoii suffer frcm «ny ot tbe wsaknejses
or diseases caused by Ignorance, dissipation
or contagion TOU ARE THE VERY PER-
SON WE WANT TO TALK TO.
Gonorrhoea. [Spermatorrhoea,
one of our patient* £»"^ ¦» ¦ %_*""
ha» ever had a re- Strength, Hydzo-
tapH »«" **'«* "!•> Orf»nic
discharged a» cured,, Weakness, etc.,
and we cure in leas ara also amon*
time than the ordl- the diseases we
nary forms of euro to stay
treatment require- | cured.
Varlcoccle. Specific
! Absolutely pain- Blood Po^On.
: less treatment that ' No dangerous mln-
cures completely. erals to drive the
i I n v e s tlsate our virus to the Inte-
¦ methed. It. Is the rlor. but harmless.
¦ on!y thoroughly gel- blood - clep.nsins
j entlfle treatment for rcrr.eiiie* " that re-
[ this dl?eas9 bsias move the last pols-
j ercployrd. ' cnous taint.
! Hcme treatsaent cures. Write for free
j symptom list IX you cannot call. Con>
sultatlon in person cr by lettsr free.
DRS. SHORES ;& SHORES
i EXPEBT CTE01AJL13TS,
I 933 "Market St.. Saa FrancUso. OsJ.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Dr. J« J. McKanna* '- •
The Drinking Man's Deliverer, Dr. J. J.-Mc-
Kanna, the Famous Discoverer of
the Three-Dau Lipor Cure,
Among the great discoveries of the t«»rm!ned from the fact that his method
world to-day there Is one that towers has stood the test of 14 years, and Is
colo«sal— the McKanna Cure for Alcohol- considered by physicians as the only re-
ss m°- onecan , - all2e rf how r ch w. bI :i5 u s n ?ti rt A « ! s o aSbfi^^ffi
this mans work has done— how. many largest cities of the United States are
'. ! . V J'. have been saved; but his record of constantly filled, The great railroad sys-
JS.000 patients permanently cured of terns und mercantile houses have such
Z££m2&£L. i'ST , alc ?J?° t 11 i> ¦«mu»«nU faith In thre McKanna treatment that
proves conclusively that Dr. McKanna they willingly reinstate discharged in-
hps done more to stamp out the curse of temperate employes after taking It
Intemperance than all the other method* Dr. McKannW sanitarium at H Geary
for redecminK drunkards combined street. Sen Francisco, is a beautifully
i «^ r "tv a ,f*ti. ri « cKa ""* became con- appointed establishment. possessing
Unrcd that the L Jquor .Habit^was a dis-' ever>- comfort essential to successful
'?»•?. and he applied himself diligently treatment. The utmost privacy is ad-
tothfc perfection of a cure that would corded to patients and the Kccommoda-
rot unly l»e permanent and humane but tions f<jf ladies ara perfect in every way.
•str ar.d epeedy «s well. , - Tne offlce j s open day and nJgh J
How well ha* he succeeded may be de- Sunday.Hungarian peasants have a super
stition that fire kindled by lightning
can only be extinguished by milk, and
owing: to their refusal to use water a
barn with a farmer's whole hay crop
has beer) burned in one ol the prov
inces.
The State Library Trustees met in
the City Hall, last evening and decided
to send an exhibit to the World's Fair
at. St. Louis. The exhibit, will em
brace a : history of California" in gen
eral and will be particularly, devoted
to work performed in connection with
libraries. '¦-."- ;
Will Exhibit at St. Louis.
Mrs. Mary McDonald, wife of Roder
ick McDonald. 217 Valencia street, has
been missing from her. "home, since
Wednesday' afternoon." The woman is
slightly demented and eluded the yigil
ance/of her daughter, since whlch'time
she has not seen. ' She wore a
black jacket and .skirt and fur collar
ette. : ¦ •'• «•: \*?>: . ¦¦
Woman Reported Missing.
Beale B. Tracy, a bricklayer, disap
peared from his home, 204 Leaven
worth street, on December 2S and has
not been heard from since that time.
Yesterday his wife and, mother notified
the police. They fear | that Tracy
has met with foul play, as he left his
home to go to work. ' Later he called
at a Sixth-street saloon and left his
tools and a sum of money there, but
never called for them. '. ." ,:V^
Bricklayer Reported Missing.
At a meeting of the Illinois Society of
California, htld in this city Friday:
evening. Colonel Billings, who was
prominent in Federal Army affairs dur- j
ing the war of the rebellion, delivered
an Interesting lecture. He was chosen^
by General Grant to pass through the;
Confederate lines to ascertain If Fort I
Darling had been evacuated and sue-!
cessfully eluded two lines of pickets. '
The talk was much enjoyed by those!
present. Among the other entertainers 1
were Dr. Maude Noble with slide trom- j
bone soifis and Miss Marie Kenny in!
dramatic sketches. The next meeting '
of the society will be held at California
Hall, 1015 Clay street, Oakland, on Fri- !
day evening, February 19.
Illinois Society Meets.
It will be no misfortune, from the
standpoint of Asiatic tranquillity, if the
account given of a catastrophe to the
Orenburg- Tashkent -Railway by a cor
respondent of the Times be confirmed.
This long and costly line was almost
avowedly planned as a menace to Af
ghanistan and Northern India. It could
not have any other purpose; indeed,
the country through which it passes',
after leaving the Aral Sea, being chiefly
barren land, inhabited by an extremely
sparse and nomadic population. But
commercial considerations never count
for anything when any extension of
the Russian system of strategic rail
ways engages official minds at St. Pe
tersburg. The scheme was consequent
ly adopted, in spite, it is believed, of
some objection on the part of the then
Finance Minister on the ground of the
enormous outlay, and the Czar's sanc
tion havin? been . obtained, the work
was at once put in handl Later on an
other argument for pressing forward
its completion came to the front; it
would, said its promoters, shorten the
distance to the nearest point of the
Chinese frontier by no less than 2000
miles. After this brilliant discovery
money was poured out like water, and
to water it has returned. That mighty
but erratic river, the Syr Daria,
through whose valley the line passes,
has converted a continuous stretch of
fourteen miles into a lake fifty-six feet
deep and thirty miles broad. But there
i3 every probability that the inunda
tion will soon assume much greater
proportions, as the line passes for 330
miles through country liable to.sub
mersion whenever the Syr Daria- over
flows. It will be good news at Cabul.
where the ambitious undertaking, so
meaningless, except for war possibili
ties, has abvays been regarded as hav
ing for its primary object the subjec
tion of Afghanistan to Russia.
Russia's Short Cut to India.
To^ra produces $400,000,000 yearly in
agricultural products.
A report of a head-on collision was
received yesterday at Southern Pacific
headquarters here. At 2:30 o'clock this
morning a freight train ran into the
east-bound Atlantic express, which was
moving at the rate of twenty miles an
hour, near Woolsey, Nev. The fireman
and a brakeman on the freight train
were Injured and both engines were
badly damaged. No one on the passen
ger train was hurt.
Th'e accident is alleged to have been
caused by an error of the telegraph op
erator, who delivered orders to the
freight train stating that the express
was four hours late, when it was only
three hours behind time. N
Fireman and a Brakcman Are In
jured in a Disaster Near a To>yn
in Nevada.
MISTAKE OF OPERATOR
CAUSES A COLLISION
N. H. Harrison, claim agent of the
road: Traveling Auditor Kobb and J.
CJ. Williamson, traveling freight agent.
¦went forward, evened fire and drove
the robbers off. Conductor Heck took
the throttle and ran the train four
miles down the road. The robbers se
cured no booty and made no attempt to
rob the passengers, but there was great
excitement in the passenger coaches
while the firing was going on. The
Sheriffs of Duval and Baker counties
are on the trail of the robbers with
biocdhounds.
McCLENNT, Fla., Jan. 16.— Passen
ger train No. 76, easrbound." on the Sea
l<^ard Air Line was held up one mile
fast of Sanderson at 7:15 o'clock to
night by four white men. The door of
the bagpage car was blown open with
dynamite, the robbers mistaking this
car. for the express car. , The engine
>vas stopped by a volley of shots fired
Into the cab. The fireman and engineer
¦were taken off the engine and escorted
to the second-class coach, and the rob
bers ran th<? train -ahead about half a
mile, when they blew open the baggage
car. The train conductor went forward,
l>ut was fired on and was driven back
to the coaches.
In discussing th problem of irriga
tion the Secretary said the experts of
his department were studying the prob
lem of how to handle the soil so as to
conserve the water already available.
In this connection he mentioned the
sugar beet crop, which he said was
steadily on the increase despite the
dire predictions made at the time of
the passage of the Cuban bill. '
"We cannot now raise more than
seven and a half tons of sugar beets
to the acre," he said, "but with a con
servation of the water in the. soil by
cultivation we can increase this
amount, and when we produce fifteen
tons to the acre we can repeal all of
the sugar tariff laws with impunity."
The forests of the country, the Sec
retary declared to be disappearing at
an alarming rate. He asked for an In
crease of $100,000 additional for the bu
reau of forestry, declaring this to be
the time to inaugurate new methods in
forestry.
WASHINGTON', Jan. 16.— Although
the United States is deficient in creat
ing new breeds of animals, according
to Secretary Wilson, who outlined the
i policy of the Department of Agricul
| ture to the House Committee on Agri
( culture to-day, Sir Thomas Upton
j buys horses and pigs at Chicago. The
j horses, gaid the Secretary, he ships to
! Ireland and trains them as jumpers,
• then sells them in Great Britain to
ten stone Englishmen" as Irish jump
ers. The pigs, of which he selects the
thin ones, he cans as "Irish bacon,"
which he also sells in England.
Secretary Wilson believes that the
United States can furnish the mounts
for the cavalry of Europe, with proper
study of the breeding of horses, and
the department is turning its attention
to this subject at the present time. The
only thing the United States has ever
produced in the way of new breeds, he
says, is perhaps a few breeds of hens,
although we have converted a running
horse into a trotter.
The stockholders of the Italian-
American Bank held their fifth an
nual meeting yesterday and elected
the following officers: President; A.
Sbarboro; vice president. H. J. Crock
er; directors, A. Sbarboro, H, J.
Crocker, Dr. P. de Vecchi, P. C. Rossi,
M.^JT-Fohtana^C^A. Maim; '*Y.* > -J.
Merle, G. Garibaldi and L. Boitano;
attorney, D. Friedenrich.
A dividend of 3.60 per cent was
paid on all savings deposits and a div
idend of 5 per cent was declared on
the capital stock. The balance of
earnings was carried to the surplus
account. The handsome new build
ing for , the bank on the corner of
Sacramento and Montgomery streets
was reported to be approaching com
pletion. The books showed a growth
of the assets from $369,450 36 on De
cember 31. 1SS9. to $2,237,249 94 on
December 31. 1903.
Result of the Annual Meeting of the
Stockholders of the Italian-
American Institution.
Deputy Sheriff Stewart of Santa
Clara County left San Jose last night
for Santa Ana to bring back Samuel
Sproat. I-. D. Costa, a San Jose mer
chant, has swrrn to a complaint charg
ing Sproat with obtaining $T0O worth of
goods by false pretenses. Several other .
complaints will be sworn to by other
San Jose merchants as soon as Sproat
reaches that city. . ,
Edward S.. Sproat, who was arrested
near Santa Ana on Thursday night,
was brought back to this city on the
owl train last night by Detective Bai
ley and locked up in the City Prison.
Sproat Is accused by numerous busi
ness men about town of having ob
tained more than $60,000 worth of goods
,,on, misrepresentations and it is under
stood that more" than" twenty com
plaints will be lodged against him.
Sproat refused to talk last night. He
referred all Questioners to his tyother
Samuel. Detective Bailey stated that
the prisoner maintained a moody
silence during the trip to this city and
when asked regarding the case flatly
declined to talk.
Prisoner Refuses to Talk Regarding
Ills Wrongdoings, Referring All
Questions to Ills Brother.
riorida. Bandits Blow Open
a Bajrga^e Car, Imt Escape
When Thev Are Attacked
BANK ELECTS OFFICERS
AND DECLARES DIVIDEND
Yachtsman Buys Animals in
the Lake City and Ships
Them Across the Atlantic
E.'S. SPROAT IS BROUGHT
BACK TO FACE ACCUSERS
LOXPON. Jan. JC— Tie "Weekly Dispatch
says that Coionfl Arthur Lynch, who com
manded the Irish bricade against the British
forces during tho war in South Africa 'and
•who ¦was afterward convicted of treason and
sentenced to imprisonment for life, will be lib
erated at an early date.
UPTON LIKES
CHICAGO PIGS
TRAIN ROBBERS
GET NO BOOTY
Because she lost in a wager made
last summer Miss Florence Parmalee
of this citj' Christmas afternoon ate
a pint of ice cream sitting in the front
yard of her father's residence while
.the thermometer was Just below the
zero mark. Admiring friends to the
number of a score or more gathered
around to cheer her, f while passersby
stoppe'd to witness the act. Miss Par
malee is the daughter of Captain Ed
ward Parmalee of the quartermaster's
department. United . States army. —
Chicago Record-Herald,
She Was Game.
In writing to her sister in this city
Sirs. Remington does not give full par
ticulars of the child's death, but says
that her information Is conveyed in tel
egrams from the Coroner, Sheriff and
Prosecuting Attorney of Freeport
County. It is intimated that the child
was made away with to get the estate.
Last Sunday, the day her son is said
to have been murdered, Mrs. Reming
ton was married to F. L. RIcMillin, and
she and her husband left for Freeport
last evening to investigate the death.
To-day Mr?. Seeley received word that
the train they were on was wrecked in
Nevada.
There was a mystery in the passing
of Dr. Remington that only came to
light after his death'. He was the heir
to a large fortune ; in the East. Mrs.
Remington learned of the matter, and
expected that her son Dayton would
inherit his father's interest. She com
municated with her husband's rela
tives, and as a result Mrs. S. Reed, a
sister of Dr. Remington, came to San
Francisco an<i on September 30 started
back to Freeport, 111., with the child to
claim his portion of the setate.
Mrs. Remington, who was living at
1220 Fclsom street, San Francisco, was
in straightened circumstances and con
sented to the child going. The boy was
"affected with disease of the spine and
was not strong.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 16.— Mrs. Mart See
ley of this city to-day received word of
what is considered the murder of Day
ton Remington, her five-year-old
nephew, in Freeport, 111., last Sunday.
The child was the son of the late Dr.
G. W. Remington and Mrs. L. F. Mc-
Millin of San Francisco, and was raised
at Modesto.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Intimation Made That the Life
of the Youth AVas Taken to
Prevent the Distribution of
, Property He Had Interest In
A. F. Nightingale, one of the trus
tees of the University of Illinois, to
day said:
. I think that e*ery State in the Union should
have a- laboratory for the manufacture of
anti-toxin serum for use In that State.
The horizontal increase Jn price made by
the trust means that the city of Chicago will
he compelled to appropriate double the sum
to do the same amount of charity work in
diphtheria cases for 1904 that It did in 1903.
Th'.s the city' can do, ana dpubtless will do.
but outside of this It must > be remembered
that this burden will fall heaviest on the
self-respecting, self-supportlntr heads of fami
lies of modest incomes. To all such, should
d'nhtherla invade their homes and they be
compelled to pay the Increased prices, the
burden put upon them by the anti-toxin trust
will Indeed* be erievous.
It should be noted that the increased prices
quoted by the trust to the city are the prices
of the manufacturerers to a Jobber. Thl3
applies not only to Chicago, but practically
to the entire country. The publicity already
given has aroused the medical profession to
the hlgHcst indignation and no doubt ¦fM
result in some action speedily bein^ taken
to provide a supply of anti-toxin from sources
other than that of the combine.
The department felt compelled to call public
attention to the. evidence that a combine had
been • formed which effectually controlled the
price for the only known remedy for the most
dread scouree to the child life of the coun
try. Primarily our object was to call at
tention . to the immediate effect .this would
have on the death rate of children in the city
of Chlcaso. Since the discovery of anti-toxin
the Deuartment of Health has done all In
its powtr to' encourage Its. use. It has fur
nished its. own medical lnsr>ectors to admin
ister and has provided the anti-toxin In alt
rases where peocle were too poor to pur
chase it.
CHICAGO, Jan. 16. — The Chicago
Medical Society and the Illinois State
Medical Association will, it is ex
pected, begin legal proceedings against
the anti-toxin trust under the anti
trust law. Secretary Pritchard of the
Health Department said to-day that he
had information to that effect- An
official statement regarding "the death
trust" in anti-toxin was issued to-day
by Secretary Pritchard. The state
ment says:
The antl-to.\In trust Is rothlng more or
less than a traffic in human life. Three con
cerns, which manufacture and practically con
trol the anti-toxin supply \>t almost the en
tire country, have seen fit to arbitrarily ad
vance the price of their product 1OO per cent.
This discovery was Tnafle by the Department
of Health of the city of Chicago, when In
ordering Its needed supplies for charity work
It was met with these Increased quotations.
The sole witness to-day was James
G. Cummlngs, stage carpenter of the
Iroquois Theater. He was evasive in
his replies, and Coroner Traeger re
buked him sharply several times.
Cummings' testimc-ny did not differ
materially from that of other stage em
ployes, save that he swore he had
shown a dozen of them how to open
the ventilators, and they unanimously
swore that nobody had ever \ shown
them anything about the ventilators.
Rev. Charles L. Roberts, rector of the
Camden-avenue Methodist Church, died
to-day of injuries received in the fire.
As a result of orders issued by Build
ing Commissioner Williams, only eight
of the twenty-nine churches closed for
violations of the building law will re
main wjth closed doors to-morrow. The
others will have a capacltv limited by
Commissioner Williams to con
sidered safe.
CHICAGO, Jan. 16. — But one witness
was heard in the Iroquois Theater in
quest to-day, and the Jury then ad
journed to inspect the interior of the
theater.
A lively debate took place when Dep
uty Cc-roner Buckley and the Jurors
entered the building. A force of de
tectives employed by the owners of the
building followed them around and in
sisted upon listening to all that was
said. They moved away only when
Buckley threatened to have all the de
tectives arrested.
VICTIM THE HEIR
TO A LARGE ESTATE
Authorities .Throughout ; the
Union AVill Be Urged to
Establish State Laboratories
All But Eight Churches in
Chicago AVill Be Permitted to
Reopen for Sabbath Service
ARREST IS THREATENED
San Jose "Woman Receives In
formation From the v East
That Her Five - Year - Old
Nephew Was Foully Murdered
COST NOW EXORBITANT
Chicago Health Boards Aroused
at Increase \\ of > Prices by
the Anti-Toxin Combination
Private Detectives Seek to
Learn All That Is Said by
Jurors in Iroquois Theater
MESSAGE
BEARS NEWS
OF CRIME
WILL FIGHT
"DEATH TRUST"
SLEUTHS BLOCK
THE INQUIRY
THE SAN FRAN'CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1904.
25
_^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SHOE TRADE
NEVER BEFORE IN THE HIS-
TORY OF SAN FRANCISCO HAS
A SHOE SALE MET WITH SUCH
MARVELOUS SUCCESS
NEVER BEFORE HAVE THE
PEOPLE RECEIVED SO MUCH
SHOE VALUE FOR SO LITTLE
MONEY.
P. F. NOLAN ,
PRESIDENT OF NOLAN BROS. SHOE CO., IS
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
AND EVERY 5HOE IN OUR BIG STORE IS TO "
BE CLOSED OUT REGARDLESS OF COST.
NOT ONLY THE ODDS AND ENDS
BUT THE HUNDREDS OF REGULAR LINES. .
CONTAINING ALL SIZES AND ALL WIDTHS,
MUST GO ALSO.
THE THOUSANDS WHO PURCHASED DUR-
ING THE PAST TWO WEEKS ARE PROOF OF
THE VALUES WE ARE GIVING.
THIS WEEK
WE WILL CLOSE OUT MANY LINES OF
NEW AND UP-TO-DATE SHOES AT SPECIAL
UAKOAI^ .rKlCES.
..WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES..
Phelan Building fi$$0^B£
\ ADVERTISEMENTS.
hItoWiTl
AStartling Discovery That Will
Revolutionize the Physical
. Condition of Jankind. - *
Why Remain Short and Stunted When
Y'ou May Ix?arn Free the Secret
of How to Grow Tall?
Xo Matter How Short Y'on Are or What
Your Age Y'ou Can Increase
Y'our Height.
Xo new discovery has attracted more
attention in the scientific world than
that made by K. Leo Minges of Roch-
ester, N. Y. Mr. Minges is to short
men and women what the great Wiz-
ard Edison Is to electricity. He has
gathered more Information relative to
bone, muscle and sinew than any one
else in existence. Making people grow
tall has been a hobby with Mr. Minges
for years, and the results he has ac-
complished are startling to a high de-
gree. By his method every man or
woman not over 50 years of age can be
made to grow from two to five inches
in height, and any one ( older than that
may increase his height # perceptibly.
His method has the Indorsement
of leading "physicians, and sev-
eral prominent educational insti-
tutions have adopted it for the
better physical development of
their pupils. If you. would like to in-
crease your height you should read
the book, which telW* how this re-
markable discovery was made and re-
voals to you the secrets of how. to
groAV tall. It is free. You are not
asked to spend a single cent, and if
you desire it we will send you the
statements of hundreds who have
grown' from two to ' five inches in
height by following this method. The
results are quickly accomplished.
Many have grown as much as three
inches in two months. There is no in-
convenience, no drugs or medicines, no
operation. Merely the application of
a scientific principle In- a perfectly
hygienic and harmles way. Your" most
Intimate friends need not know what
you are doing. All communications
will be sent in plain envelopes. The
book, "The Secrets of How to- Grow
Tall," contains illustrations -that will
interest ,• and instruct any one. One
thousand of these books will be given
away absolutely free, postage prepaid,
while the present edition lasts. -If you
want, to grow tall write to-day, in
strictest confidence,, for a free copy.
Address ¦ THE CARTILAGE CO.,'
Dept 546C, Rochester, N. Y., U. S. A.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MAKE PEACE WITH
YOUR STOMACH
You Are Certain to Lose IT You At-
tempt the Use of Force and Violence.
You cannot force your stomach to do
work that It Is unable and unwilling to
do. It 'has been tried. time and again,
with always the same result. The stom-
ach is a good and faithful servant, but
when pushed beyond the limit it rebels.
Some stomachs will stand much more
abuse than others, but every stomach
has its limit, and when that limit is
| reached it is a very dangerous and un-
j wise proceeding to attempt to force it
into doing further work. The sensible
and reasonable course is to employ a
substitute to carry on the work of di-
gestion and give the stomach an op-
portunity to recuperate and regain its
lost strength.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the
only perfect substitute to take up and
carry on the work of tired, worn-out
stomachs. They are natural and easy
I In their work and cause no disturbance
in the digestive organs. They contain
j all the essential elements that make up
the sastric juice and other digestive
fluids, and will digest any food that a
strong, healthy stomach will, and do it
in the' same time and in the same way.
They work independently of surround-
ing conditions, and the fact that the
stomach Is weak or diseased does not
influence them at all in their useful and
effective work. Thev will digest food'
just as well In a glass jar or bottle as
they will in a stomach. You can see
that for yourself, by putting one of
them into a jar with a square meal and
Eome water to enable it to work. •
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets by thus
relieving the stomach of Its work enable
that organ to rest and recuperate and
regain its health and strength. The
process is perfectly natural and plain.
Nature will heal the stomach just as
she heals a wound or a broken limb if
I she is not Interfered with and Is per-
mitted to-do her work In her own way.
All interference is prevented -by Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets,
i Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by druggists everywhere at 50
cents a box. . and if you are afflicted
with dyspepsia one box will make you
feel fifty times better. You will forget
you have a stomach and rejoice In the
forgetfulness. No druggist would be so
short-sighted as to try to get along
without Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, for
they are so popular and are so well
j known for^the good they have done and
I the happiness th,ey have caused that ,
any druggist caught without them
would lose the confidence of his cus-
tomers and be regarded as below, the'
standard. His business would suffer'as
a result and his patrons would go to
other stores and buy their drugs there,
as well aa their Stuart's Dysrepsia'.Tab-
!let»- I • " ' " " '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Makes Men
Vigorous
Valuable Prescription bv Which Any
Man Can Make Us Own Remedy
to Cure Himself at Home Sent
Free to All. Write for It.
WILL MAKE A MAN OF YOU.
For the mum of tfcst youthful fwlinr of
tnir.hrwd * prora'.nent I>«trolt physician and
eavast Is la possession o' a receipt which he
f.*» hirr.W.f utc4 in his own *xten«ive private
practice with the meet etartling fsucces*.
Though the yeans h*A« passed. It* equal has
never been found, and with It thousands of
»*ak !T»n have brought about the cures they
rt> mum longed Jot. The doctor ullUnirly
«taJe the formula cntlrel> free t» any man
tiho nttct him for It. and they will find it
a pift of lasting value. It is rood fcr sexual
vttksm. lost manhood, nervousness, weak
?lack. «¦ mission*. \-arl#.>cele. lack of force, pros-
Uktte trouble, nirht sweats, inability an<i th«
many r,th»r fir.t>arrajs*Jn» conditions that befall
the terual'.r Imperfect man. It create* aa tm-
inetflai* social feeling Tramith and sood na-
ture, forces active blood to the muscular tls-
eue. tones the nervous system and arouses
bodily cot;3d*>nc». It makes the man of K u
rood as at :..'. and the young- man again eager
fr>r society and fit for marriage and parent-
tod. Eati^factory results are produced in a
day's us». and a perfect cure In a. few weeks.
r^jraxdlefs cf ago cr Ihe cause of your condi-
tion.
If you need such a remedy teai your name
• r.d address to-day to the Dr. Kn&pp Med.
Co.. 1S16 Hu'.l bid*.. Detroit. Mich., and in- an
unmarked envelope the doctor will at once
*~nd you the receipt, as promised, explaining
in detail what ingredients to use and how to
eotr pound them so that ar-.y weak mu e*u>
cure himself in his own home wlthoct being
twJer oblijraticnj to anjr one. It cost* you
Eotbicjc. and the sooser you write tt« sooser
you .via t. cured. '
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' .
This Sailor Suit for $3.35
A number of suits as pictured have been added
\ to our special sale goods. They are made in pretty ;
Scotch effects, in all-wool winter weight fancy che- .
viots. The sizes range from 4 to 12 in the garments '[
as a whole, but not in every pattern. Up until a few A
days ago they sold for $6.00, $5.00 and $4.50. The
early ccmers can get them now for $3.35.
Other Sailor Suits in different colored serges,
only in agrs 3, 4 arid 5 vears, have been reduced :
from $6.00, $5.00 and $3.50 to $2.35.
There still remain a few Norfolk Suits and a few-i,
Sailor Suits in sizes 3 and 4 only, which formerly sold
fcr $6.00/ These little'suitiTare reduced to $L70.
. \
Boys' t^p coats in pretty Oxford gray worsted
cheviots and tan coverts'for boys 3 to 13 at $2.65.
* . •
Children's fincv Kersey Overcoats in bright col-
ors, reduced from $8 50 and $7.50 to $4.05.
. C ;S .-_, . The values are extreme, so the garments are go-
ing fast. We urge you to call early.
Boys* Wool Sweaters 75c I
We hive select ~d 120 sweaters from our $1.00
1 ne, which we will nlaceon sale to-morrow at 75c.
The ages are from 7 to 14 years. The colors are
green and gold and black and white. Our sale of
late reduced the assortment in lower priced goods to
almost noth'ng. so to continue- the sale and havs
representative goods -at 75c, we made the reduction
Babies' Sweaters injiges 2, 3 and 4 years; colors
light blue and white,; pink and light blue, light blue
and cardinal; regular .'$1.50 goods, reduced -to $1.00
i Babies'. Sweaters. in ages 2, 3; 4 and 5 years; this
i»a daintv little sweater in white and pink;-formerly
selling af $1.00; sale price 75c./ .
¦ Tennis flannel r waists ) and -"blouses- in .- light,
mediuhvahci dark effects at* 25c^;^
Gordiiroy Sailor lafe 75c |
Children's large sailor hats in corduroy, with
glazed or plain leather tops. The colors of the cor-
duroy are red, blue, white and tan; all sizes are rep-
resented in the assortment. These hats have been
selling regularly for $1.50, but we will close them
. out now. for 75c each.
j • •
Out-of-town orders will be filled to the bsst of our ability;
orders will be filled in the rotation we receive them, and' the best
selection will be sent from the assortment to each customer; if the
goods we send are not satisfactory they can be returned and money
will be refunded. ,WASHINGTON, Jan.. 16,— The fol
lowing .Calif ornians. are here: At the
New Willard— Mr. and Mrs. ; C. R.
Nathan, S.'R. Ciilbertson a"hd wife, g.
Caljf ornlans in Washington.
. From Los Angreles— C. J. Heineman,
C. T. Whitney, at;the Hoffman;. H. .W.
Ayres. at the Grand Union.
NEW YORK,- Jan. 10.— The follow
ing California'ns are here: From San
Francisco— Miss D. Cheney, at the
Holland; W. "W. Harris, at the Man
hattan; R. C. Lennie, : at,the Hoffman
House; C. "A. McCane, at the - Hotel
York; C. S. Middletonand wife, at the
Imperial; E. IL Smith, at the Manhat
tan; Mlsg Averlll, at the Netherlands;
E.' Lezinsky, ¦ at ! the .Imperial; H. ,C.
Walker, at the Grenoble; S. Davidson
and wife, at the Navarre. q ¦- _ .
CAUFORNIANS IX NEW YORK.
..James E. Bell, manager of the Pa
cific Coast Company's new . lumber
plant, arrived from the north yester
day and is registered at the, Grand.
Commander A. Fischer of the Ger
man navy, who is on a leave of ab
sence from the Oriental squadron, ar
rived- from the Far East 1 yesterday
and 1b staying at the Occidental. ...
T. ] L. House, formerly superinten
dent of the Fillmore-street electric
line, was yesterday appointed super*
lntendent of the Sutter-street cable
road to succeed Johnson Reynolds, re
signed.
J. E. Olmstead, a prominent busi
ness man of Petaluma, Is at ' the
Grand. . .
Dan T. Cole, coiner of the Mint,
who has been \ ill for several weeks,
has sufficiently recovered to resume
hJs <Jutie3 In thi3 city.
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Flint of San
Juan are at the Palace.
J. N.- Foster, proprietor of a hotel
at Marysville, is at the Lick. . .
Captain John Cross of Los Angeles,
the railroad promoter, is at the Pal
ace.' .; , . . ¦ . ¦-"¦*» '¦'<'$;•','
J. B. Lankershim. one of the largest
realty holders of Los Angeles, Is at the
Palace.
PERSONAIi.
MANILA, Jan. 16. — Dalas, the mur
derer convicted of complicity In the
Dos Hermos mutiny, was garroted to
day in 'Bilbao prison. He made a
statement exonerating three others
connected' with the affair, wHo were
under sentence of death.
Murderer Takes AH the'BIain?.
Louisa Moore, mother of W. C.
Moore, who was killed in November.
1902, while switching dirt cars for the
contracting firm of B. Lantry Sons,
sued the firm yesterday for $10,000
damages. She alleges that the death
of her son was caused by the usa of
defective switching appliances.
Seeks Damages for Son's Death.
Governor Pardec Will Probably Take
His .Own Time to Find the
Right Man.
R. M. Fitzgerald's term of office as
Prison Director expired last Wednes
day.. It is common gossip In political
camps that Governor Pardee will ap
point a Republican to succeed Mr.
Fitzgerald. The outgoing director 13
not a candidate for reappolntment.
The statement is made on the best of
authority that he desires to be re- !
lieved of work connected with the man- [
agement of the prisons, so that he
may devote all of his time to the |
practice of law and the supervision of j
his own business affairs. He was ap
pointed to the board ten years ago
by Governor Budd.
Efforts have been made to persuade
Edgar J. de Pue, who was formerly
a member of the board, to apply for
reappointment or to signify that he
would serve again if the position of
director were tendered to him. He
Clallam Victim's Body Found.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 18 The
body of C. Lockwood of Seattle, a vic
tim of the Clallam disaster, waa re
covered to-day. It floated Into Es<jul
malt harbor and washed alongside
the cruiser Grafton, which was at
anchor there. Sailors lowerefl a boat
and recovered the body.
SALEM, Or., Jan. 16. — The Supreme
Court this afternoon denied the ap
plication for a writ of probable cause
in the case of the State vs. Pleasant
Armstrong, under sentence of death
for murder. The law under which
Armstrong was sentenced was invali
dated by the adoption of a. new law at
the last regular session of the Legisla
ture. Armstrong appealed on .the
ground that he could not be executed
under an invalidated law, nor could
he be punished for his crime under
the terms of the new law.
Armstrong Is Nearer the Gallows.
DIRECTOR TO SUCCEED
ROBERT M. FITZGERALD
The property'to be offered at the sale
Includes fifty-nine lots fronting^ on
Fourth and Fifth avenues and Hugo,
H and I streets, facing Golden Gate
Park. The streets surrounding the prop
erty have all been put in fine shape,
being sewered and bltuminised, with
Btone sidewalks laid in front of each'
block, granite curbs, gas and. water
mains in the streets and, in fact, every
thing done which will facilitate the
construction of Improvements on the
lots. The land constitutes a portion of
the tract formerly owned by the Sutro
estate known as Parnassus. Heights,
which was sold about eighteen months
ago to the City Realty Company, which
company has spent a large amount of
money in grading the tract and in lay
ing out a modern sewer system, and in
improving the streets by constructing
pavements which are better than those
to be found in any section.- of -the city
west, of Stanyan street. -Most liberal
terms are being offered at the auction
sale, the idea . being to attract home
seekers arid give an opportunity to
those who wish to secure a, lot .upon
terms which .will enable them to pay
for the property in easy installments.
The cash , payment required is only 10
per cent of, the purchase money, and
the balance can be paid in semi-annual
installments extending over a period
of four and a half years. Judging from
the number of inquiries for catalogues
the sale will attract a number of pur
chasers, and competition for the lots
promises to be keen.
has informed hia friends that the
work of the office takes more time
than he can srive to It.
It is the impression that Governor
.Pardee.will not make haste in the se
lection of Mr. Fitzgerald's successor
unless the latter insists on Immediate
action by the executive.
O. Murphy, W. H. Hoey, of San Fran
cisco; at the Riggs — J. C. Ridpath, of
San Francisco.
for $2900 down to $2350 'each, according
to location. All the lots had a front
age of 2"» feet. The depth was 137:6 for
the lots in the middle of the block with
frontage on Hayes or Fell street, and
lO6 feet depth for lots on Clayton and
Cole streets and a depth of 100 feet at
the corner of Cole and Fell streets, and
at the corner of Fell and Clayton
streets. The only exception in the
frontages was in the corner of Clayton
and Fell streets and the corner of Fell
and Cole streets, where the frontage
was 31:3 for each lot.
Easton. Kldridge & Co. are anhouncV
ing a very important auction sale for
Tuesday, the 29th inst. The most' Im
portant property in the catalogue is an
improved investment on the south line
of Pine street;' between Mason and
Taylor, surrounded oit both sides b>
important structures; also three new
flats on McAllister street close to Fill
morf; an improved property- on Fol- 1
som street near Twentieth; fine modern
residence on Washington street, be
tween Broderick and Baker; a fine
building lot in the immediate vicinity
of Broderick street, and in the Mission
a fine lot on Fair Oaks street near
Twenty-fifth: also lot on Noe street,
between Seventeenth and Eighteenth:
improved investment on the corner of
Fourteenth and Xatoma streets, with
stores and fiats above.
Baldwin & Howell have just issued
very atractive catalogues for their auc
tion sale on Thursday, the 21st inst.
Another change made yesterday was
in the company's information bureau,
from the head of which William Mc-
Murray has just resigned to accept a
position with the St. Francis Hotel.
McMurray was tendered the appoint
ment of assistant . general passenger
agent in New Orleans, which is to be
filled by Batturs, but he declined it for
the place with the hotel company.
The vacancy in the information bu
reau is to be filled by P. R. Lund, who
for a year has been chief train agent
of the company.: He is regarded very
highly by the railroad officials, and his
promotion is considered as well de
served by his fellow employes in the
passenger department.
'A number of changes In the passen
ger department of the Southern Pacific
Company were announced yesterday
by Passenger Traffic Manager E. O.
McCormick, to take effect on February
1. Frank E. Batturs, chief clerk to As
sistant General Passenger Agent Don
aldson, has been promoted to the posi
tion of assistant general passenger
agent on the Atlantic system, with
headquarters at Xew Orleans.
The promotion is in recognition of
Batturs* long service with the company,
whose employ, he entered in 1S86. By his
energy and ability he rose rapidly in
the service from an" assistant ticket
agent in the Third and Townsend street
office to the position of chief division
clerk in the ticket auditor's office, and
from' there to the chief clerkship in the
office of Assistant General Passenger
Agrent Donaldson, where he earned a
vide reputation as one of the cleverest
rate clerks in the railroad world. He
is only about 33 years of age and is
one of the youngest assistant general
passenger agents in this country.
Batturs will be succeeded in his pres
ent position by James W. Redpath,
secretary to Assistant General Passen
ger Agent Horsburgh. Redpath was for
a time with Traffic Director Stubbs in
Chicago, but returned to San Fran
cisco for his health.
Will Be an Assistant General
Passenger Agent With Future
Headquarters in New Orleans
The events of the week in the realty
market are the <ale of a Sutter-street
block for $400,000 and the announce
ment that Herbert E. Law, so soon as
arrangements can be made with the
tenants, will add several stories to the
Bishop building: on Market street, be
tween the Hearst building and the Pal
ace Hotel, and change it into a hotel
building to contain 400 rooms. The
hotel will be on a handsome scale ac
cording to the plans entertained. It
will contain a palm court and garden,
covered by a. large class dome and a
grill and other features of modern first
class hotels. The cost of making the
changes will be large, but no exact
estimates are made public by the new
owner of the property.
Through the agency of Thomas Ma
6c2 & Sons the property on the north
line of Gutter street, between Kearny
and ilonTg-orncry, known as the l^evl
son block, has been sold to A. Aron
»ur.. Louis Metrger and Louft Schoen
berg for $400,000. The exact location Is
70 feet east of Kearny street. The
frontage is l«)J:10>/« on Sutter street
v ith a depth of 119 feet to Hardie place
less an L. in the rear.
Shainvald, Buckbee & Co. have sold
for V.*. II. La Boyteaux the residence
on the north line of Pacific avenue. 120
leet west of Pierce street, 42:6x127:8*4
feet, for $^5,000. The same brokers have
also sold for Mrs. Marguerite Sabatie
of Paris, for $21,000, the lot 35x127 :SVi
feet and residence op the north line of
Washinfiton street, 175 east of Octavia,
ar.d for D. Jutton the lot and apart
ments on the northwest corner of Ellis
and Franklin streets, 37:<3xS7:6 feet, for
S2L250J
.Shaiijv aid. Buckbee & Co. have also
sold the following properties:
For Wauoa & Watson (Incorporated)— The
lot and lmj>rov»-rnenii« on the north line of
Jr :*,:: rtreet. 00 feet weft ct Dremm, 40x
irO s«>ft, to McL'-wen JJros. for $13,500; for
John H. I'lr-klnfion. the lot and residence on
the south *ld<? of California street. 137:0 west
..f (H-tavia. ::4:»ili7:«. for f 12,500; for Mrs.
B. K. i^htrwiod. lot on the routs line of El
lis Btract. 25 feet wf-Ft of Gough. 52:3xt>0. for
jlO.M'O; lor Dt. CottVigham. lot and residence
vn the w«rt line of Walnut «r*ft. 137 feet
noith of Washington. i7:S l 4 xl37:»j, for $7500;
for Mre. Jake J«*e!>h and Mis* Cimon. lot on
th» northeast corner of J*<-k. e on and Baker
jurats. .KixKO r«t. for $7000; for F. P.
Hooper, lot on thc eouth line ot Jackson street.
120 ICMI west cf Central avenue. 50x127 :f»H
ior $'~«i; fcr Mrs. P. U. Melone. lot on the
northeast corrc-r ot Seventeenth and Lander*
Ftr-et«. .*f'x71 feet, for $:»«75; for Lawrence
dnnor lot and cottate on the north side of
Parker street. 83 feet we»t of Columbia place,
SzUM fp-et. for $1000; for Burr Danchy. lot
..n the wt>t line cf Boyoe street. 20S north of
Toint Loboe avenue. &4xll6 feet, for $sr.O;
lor the Safety Mutual Uuildins «and Loan A»
eoclaticn. lot on th» south line of Twenty
trtl Ftr«-<-t, ISO feet east of Ca*tro. 25x114 feet,
u,t SS^; fr.r Mrs. Lyona, the lot and real
a>nc» on th^ east line of Htelner street. 2S
fcrt n"-th of Farramer.to. 26x93 r9. for ?5000.
and fir E. <?. Vail., lot and Improvements, con-
MstinB of two flats on the w^t line of Weh
rt*r *trs*>t. 77:8'i south of Washineten, 25x
€«:!>. fcr *!C00.
IX MAXY SECTION'S.
The following sales are reported by
R. D. Cranston & Co.:
For Henry C Jensen to Dr. Lee O. Rod**™,
the lot. with store and flats, on the southeast
ccrner of Halrkt street and Masonie avenue:
to Patrick D^xan for a client. 27:6\4xllO feet
find three flats on the ea?t sl<> of Broderick
street. 100 feet north cf Sacramento: for Ade
laide H. Carter and Anna Crisp to Mary Mac
kinnon. 2<3xl<17:C f*>et and two flats on the
¦west l!ne . of Central avenue. M*) feet south
of Waller street: for H. F. MacFarland to
Hsivor JacobEOn. lOixlt** feet, irrerular, and
rrsidtnee on the west ISr.e of Masonic avenue.
?,CS feet couth of Frederick street; for Ralph
Th^rbus to Georre Turner, three lots en the
>»»»--t si<1» r,f Forty-«>(!:Hh avenue. 137:« feet
¦outh of J street. 70x120 feet: for Huso H.
AfJvm- to Iir. »f A. L. Kyflcneel. 2-'>xl26:2 feet
en the nest side of Buer.a Vista avenue. 125
BMt eotth of Java street; fcr John II. Crow
!¦• Jr.hn Tecart. 2Sx!20 feet and two flam on
the norih line cf Wgller ftreet, 27:0 feet west
rf Buchanan.
Sol Getz & Son made the following
ralcF last week:
I. its 2T<TrtC0 on th«- northeast line of T>raz!l
avenue. 23 f«"t southeast of Lisbon street to
T\'l"iam H. G*rrant; 25x120 on the west line
• if Twenty -pprend avenue. 175 fcr-t north of L
ftrwt. to J. J. Mahoney; 5C^12(t on the went
line rf Forty-seventh avmue. 225 fert south
of I street, to A. L Patriarch*; 25x100 on the
north line of I street. 57:6 feet east of Forty
f-venth avenue, to A. J. Rocnan; 50x120 on the
The auction sale held by Henry Stern
of David Stern & Sons at 11 Montgom
ery street on Thursday last was very
successful. An entire block fronting on
Cole, Clayton. Fell and Hayes streets ]
was auctioned at good prices. Lots on j
the north line of Fell street brought !
from $3200 to $40D0 each, the corners I
being sold for $7f.00 and $7700, the cor- |
ner of Fell and Cole streets bringing!
the higher price. The lots on the east
line of Col»> street ranged from $2800 to
$4000. according to location. Lots on
the south line of Hayes street were
sold for $1650 to $]$50 each. The corner
of Hayes and Clayton streets brought
$3500. The remaining lots having a
frontage on Clayton street were sold.
Work has been begun on St. Mary's
Help Hospital on Guerrero street, be
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth. The
foundation is laid.
OFFERED AT. AUCTION'.
The Church of the Sacred Heart, at
Fell and Fillmore streets, will be ex
tended forty feet and a schoolhouse
will be erected in the rear.
The cost of converting the six Rouses
and saloon on the southwest corner of
Taylor and O'Farreil streets into
stores will be about $15,000.
Miss Charlotte Boyle will build flats
and stores on the south line of Oak
street. 112:6 feet west of Shrader, to
cost $15,000.
Louis Bondell will build ' flats and
stores on the northwest line. of Mission
street, northeast of Twenty-ninth, the
cost of which will be $10,000.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will occupy a
part of the second floor of their build
ing in addition to the ground floor.
Oscar Hey man will build cottages on
lots on Chenery street that he has re
cently purchased.
Mark L. Mitrovich has given Mrs.
Mabel A. Sykes the lot on the south
east corner of Seventeenth and Point
Lobos avenues as a present.
The railroad company is placing a
switch on K street, near Forty-fifth
avenue, preparatory to taking up the
tracks to make the grading of H street
from Forty-fifth to Forty-eighth ave
nue possible. The Park Commission
ers contemplate constructing a lake at
the extreme southwesterly end of Gold
en Gate Park, and such an improve
ment fronting the residences of Ocean
side district to the north will be appre
ciated by the property-owners as well
as visitors.
Hermann Heilbush will erect a three
story and basement flat building on
the southeast corner of Sacramento
and Locust streets to cost $(15,000.
LEASES ARE CLOSED.
Leases have been made by A. J. Rich
& Co. as follows:
The Frank estate to Az»rcth & Dendel. the
etore on the northwest corner of Market and
EiM streets for three years for *21.«(X>: Wiley
B. Allen Company to the Zeno Mauvais Com
pany the store at 0X1 Market street for ei^ht
years for $14,4C0; Ix>ul* Audet to M. Auger.
bllck. the store on the southeast corner of
Polk' and Jackson stretts for five years at
$COCO; B. Sheldeman to Lucien Cerf. a etore
at Sxzlh and Howard streets for five years for
37000; Alexander D. Keyes to Jaoobson. Na
betrvr & Co.. the three-story brick building, at
JJ and 11 Ponsome street for Sve years irOm
Januao' 1. ISC-'i. for $27,«K)0; Mrs. Hobbs to M.
McFaddfn. the afartmi-nt house facing on
Goush and Turk streets and Elm avenue for
ten ye*rs for SOCX*) and Armand Cailleau to
Flood & Campbell, the Etore at MS and 510
Sutter street, near Powell, for five years for
$12,000.
west line of Forty-sixth avenue. 200 fett north
ofM street to IV Arnim: 25xlO<> on th« nortn
eaet line of Brazil avenue. 50 feet southeast of
I,!.«bor. street, to John Karrell: 25x100 on the
northeast corner of Brazil avenue and Lisbon
strret, to J. H. Jones.
Chatfleld & Vinzent report the sale of
twenty-eight and three-fourths acres
near Sonoma, from J. B. Judson to Al
bert Wilson, for $4850; eleven and one
half acres of Improved land near No
vato. from J. Arlzo to Bert Benson, for
IllftO; eighty-six acres of grain and or
chard land near Brentwood, from Cal
vin T. Atherton to William B. Hartson,
for $8600, and 136 acres of grain, hay,
alfalfa and orchard land fifteen miles
from Stockton, from George T. Beatie
to Milton Steiner, for $6S00.
BATTURS GIVEN A TITLE
"Southern Pacific Finds New
Billets for Three Clerks
in Passenger; Department
Abundance of Small Sales of Local
Realty Show Interest to Be Strong
and That Confidence Is Maintained
RAILROAD MEN
ARE PROMOTED
LARGE DEAL IN SUTTER
STREET CONSUMMATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 190*
26
_^___ 'advebtisements.
£ IB. Hi IN r ,hk \3
¥m 0U cannot to be strong and if
B m '^^^^ s .. vigorous if you are unable to sleep. You 1
|j Sl^^^^^ 8 et up feeling miserable, have severe |j
fi headaches, nerves* ar^ unstrung, appe-^
E ilp^^^p^ tites P oor anc^ 'tf e seems a burden. The if
S p|w^^^p trouble lies in the stomach, and you ought
t0 take Hostetter ' s Stomach Bitters, at
% once - It will restore your^stomach to its 3
normal condition, steady the nerves, H
h stimulate the liver and kidneys, and induced
| restful sleep. Then you'll feel betters It will also cure |
I BELCHING, FLATULENCY; INDIGESTION, DYS- 1
g PEPSIA, NAUSEA, HEARTBURN, CONSTIPA- 1
|TIGN, BILIOUSNESS, OR MALARIA, FEVER j
| AND AGUE. We urge you to try a bottle/ but be- 3
% ware of imitations or counterfeits. j|
| ' . ;'•'.'¦: . '.'" ' — — — — — ' : 3
S MR. W. A. CARSON, ALBION, NEB., says: "I waS troubled wjth Constipation and =3
E Biliousness, and was very restless at night. Your Bitters promptly cured me." / =5
fc % MR. JAS. D. SMITH. HERKIMER, KANS, says: "I suffered from Malaria and my doctor
advised me to use your Bitters. I did. so and now I feel like a new man." 3|
P THE GENUINE HAS OUR PRIVATE STAMP OVER THE NECK OF THE BOTTLE. §|
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____„
ELECTROCHEMISTRY.
Electro-Chemistry is the.great blood builder, the great tissue
B^IIJ^BTJB^^IpI^ builder, the great strength builder. In persons growing old, and
tt8^JB?£' : - fe^flkisS ' n ose cases °^ premature weakening of the general system,
Electro-Chemistry cures because every organ in the body is reg-
if I Catarrh and Deafness/
M MISS S. N. TAYLOR. 2016 Pacific ave., Alameda, tells of Ihe
i^H|: *' M c "rative effects of Elects-Chemistry in a long-standing case of
'^BSftiSE^SK catarrh and deafness. Miss Taylor says:
1 1 1 l^aH^^^^^^M^S " For many years I had suffered from catarrh, deafness and
iiifjoB " n &J n g car5 - tll "ik I have used evpry known treatment. I even
|^jffi|^Mfe ;^^|^ tried artificial ear drums for my deafness. Nothing, helped me
I feJl'^lf until- 1 took up the Electro-Chemic treatment. That has helped me
TS^0m^SSB^f^^:^^^^^^^./^ t^i4 , from the start. It not only has shown its curative effect on mv ca-
iyilr '^^^^^^^S^^ l^^^i tarrn an(^ deafness, but my general health and strength have also
miss s. v-'unoa I * T ° th ° Se advancin ? in y ears I a m sure there is no treatment
2016 Pacific Ave'., Aiameda.' cai. in the world equal to Electro-Qiemistry."
Han, Woman or Child. Electro»Chemic Specialties.
Electro-Chemistry is for all. It is the only hope of »!»,.»«, n.. « * i « • it.
thesurrerer who has worn out the stomach takins.tron* i^^S^^l^ 1^
and poisonous medicines, which have failed to cure. It chit is. Deafness. Rlnjjir.s Ears. Canc*r». Tumors Old
Is the great hope, especially of women, who look forward a? 1 "*". 1 B £ od , Po J s: "ii Rheumatism. Neuralgia. Loco'motor
wlthfearand tr^bUng to surreal treatment. Electro-. 1 -^??. f^S?"
Chemistry takes the place of surgery in many special djs- Bladder and Prostatic Diseases. Special Diseases of
eases of women. It costs nothing to investigate. All are Women. Special Diseases of Men, Stricture Prostatltia
invited to come to us for consultation, careful examina- Weakness. Varlcocele '
tion and advice, absolutely free of charge. Separate and c:<-i««««i»-.*i^.« ____,,
Orlvate apartments are maintained for our male and fe- »«i ° TTT^ 1T~> 1^ EZ^
male patients. | | E^r^rn^tlor, t^ FC C^ fcly
J^lI^iSl^kJELKTRIJ-CHEMICINSTITUTE
Chemic home treatment. We advise all our outside patients. no r~-*~t. *«,«> /*«.- n^.i. o«.
when they can possibly, arrange to do so. to visit our office, IIO Uldnt AVG., LOT. "05t OU
for a careful personal examination. When this is impossible ' SAV FRANCISCO
write us a short description of symptoms and full instruo- Office hours. 9 a. m. to S p. m and 7 to 8 t> m. d*«-»
2 Low Prices, JL "umijilul ' t\ c\ A Thousand |
• These are the "THE CREDIT HOUSE" I 233-235-237 POST STREET one set, I
S Forces that The Biggest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast. but we show •
1 have made us -° — — a whole floor §
• "The Biggest , In every man are tu omen to care for: The man who, working or thinking of them g
©Furniture '" ¦ hard, must eat well; and the man who, having eaten well, when you *>
2 House." • must rest These pieces please them both. come- a
| --¦;••¦¦•¦====;¦:•. \ - .-' : - ¦¦ ¦• - j — -i- _. §
® . K price, $35-oa of this one, $6.50. & r *M a
i • Snpcial $1.95 . ' Special S
fi OpeCUU, 24-inch Mahogany Pedestals. Regular price $5- ceo e/i ' * ©
© /dffifiw^is. S&.7S 150 of them. While they last. $1.1K>. !>JO.jU J^^^^MlsSjSS^TTr^ *
• dresser, w i l h C««-.:~l *PV,:- vx/«rt.l, f\ n \-, r tt^LO steel springs and j»||S^^^^x^(f^£93S^Q 9
© W-^££^^%Mk oval French special TiHS Week Only, $62.50 s t e el construe- fHjSK^^^^HHHS •
® fe^^^^^^^^^^^ plate cla^s and Old Mission "Ocala" Davenport; the chair of tion, and genu- "^B^S^^MnSlMBCTMfflBil •
q a. p-^-i^cMC&s^TC© n so jid brass trim- the Padres. Cut from the solid oak; dull weather- ine sterling olive 5
• J r~JH@ mings, regularly ed finish, and old, yellow, Spanish leather cover- leather. _ . Regu- ¦¦ . 2
• * t *^ . priced $15.00. ing. Over five feet long. Regular price $80. . - larly $65. p
I Carpets Stove Department Draperies I
1 Our Remnant Sale isover. Special JH^^^H ..iS"™^ prf« PortierCS I
2 \Juv rLastern buyer nas .^r^^\»l Wf *T~ g --*ft' jj& i ? *u-* ¦„ t-u i« v i/
2 u l i_ u l n • >^g^~^> /jp * The line* half price 5
g chosen the best that there HFICCo 1^ \ m thc w h ° " c while thev last %
• is and our new season's • B^gffff^^"^^^S^BBI Unitcd states. j3 to jn perpa : r S4 50 9
% carpets are HERE. Thou- $2*1 7^ ImsmhSsSMS&^i Kifl !t is our Quick ' $12 to $17.50 per pair ..:.S7.'5O §
• sands of exquisite patterns V^'Z . BHH1II MCal -k'more- $55Ot ° r $7 - 50^^ • S3.75 |
I AndtheBigse. M Z ' we Tave OrienS." Ba^S Pom- S
I Carpet llOOr. We Can please Stove Depcrtment | <& mi Mj p|| Riven it all the peiian reds and greens. 9
| any fancy you have, and at of Ccst stoves '^M'M^lmmSM^L' *'£? $3 ' 5 ° rcduced to !1 - 05 - |
.| the price you Wish tO pay. and Steel Ranges W^MJM§MZ\ llSiSpSee it. a See the Comforters |
C Do not miss this Chance tO onthe ' \W\^TfWmWFl fWX nther *' » hfffK Of medicated cotton, covered g
• • i (' i. y setics&y. irMiFffl WST are hundreds on with pretty silkohne.
© CnoOSe Iirst. ;.. . Pzdfic Coast.. " '" ¦ az:r^ if^» M ""^i!inflc-*«g4a^y displaj'. $1.50 reduced to 05c. 9
0^eci»eeooQ(&Qe»cc»e9c>oe6>»eoi»og3ecgOQ«ogooc»c^e»ooce»ftoeoei»»gQ»»»Qecoco6>Qoo»o»Qq»eo«Qo»oooooooMANILA. Jan. 16. — Archbishop
Harty landed here to-day and met
with a most enthusiastic reception
from the people of this city. A water
pageant added • brilliancy to thft af
fair, the bay t* the vicinity of the
landing stage being packed by boat*
gayly decorated with vari-colored
bunting. Fully 10,000 persons took
part in the shore parade, in addition
to 5000 school children representing
all the Catholic societies within the
archeptscopal Jurisdiction. '
Archbishop Harty Welcomed.
to catch: the morning train for Wash
ington, where he will assume his new
duties as Secretary of War. This plan
of hastening across the continent is in
accordance 'with orders cabled to him
at Yokohama Just previous to hla de
parture from Japan.' . " '
* This morning he visited the Eva
plantation, accompanied by Governor
Carter and other prominent citizens of
the islands. He was given a public re
ception this afternoon, and also re
viewed the National Guard of the Ter
ritory.- -v- - - - • ¦"¦'¦ :
Z HONOLULU, . Jan. 16.— Former Goy
; ernor I Taft will leave here to-morro'w
on'the steamer Korea for San Francis
co. He expects .to reach that city on
Saturday next. His present intention is
to" immediately take an army tug from
.the Korea to the Oakland mole.so as
Special Tuk.
Hurry From Steamer to* Train by
Former Governor, of Philippines May
TAFT K NOW BOUND
... FOR SAX FRAXCISCO
A long train of ... Princes followed, in
cluding the Crown JPrince, Frederick
William;; Prince Henry of Prussia and
Prince Albrecht of Prussia and Chan
cellor von Bulow.'
¦ The speech, which entirely concern
ed domestic affairs, said 'the. King
thanked; Providence for : his speedy
restoration' 'to- health -' and" expressed
gratitude for the: warm 'sympathy
shown him by the people.
the spacious White Hall of the cas
tle.*
The Emperor Introduced a cere
monial not previously used by hlm;or
his predecessors at the opening of
the Diet. He entered tha hall pre
ceded by two tall heralds, wearing ta
bards checkered with the royal arms
and quarterlngs in, white, black and
blue, and red and gold, one of . the
heralds, bearing a banner on which
were emblazoned the ' Hohenzollern
arms and the Emperor carrying a
banner showing the arms of Prussia.
Ills Majesty .Introduces a New Fea
ture in the Formal
Ceremonials. -
PRUSSIAN DIET OPENED '
. BY EMPEROR WILLIAM
BERLIN. Jan. 16.— The Government
after long experiments has ordered tur
bine engines to be constructed for the
German third-class cruiser Merkur and
for a torpedo-boat.
Turbine Enjrine for Warships.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16.— A further
hearirg took Dlace before the Inter
state Commerce Commission on the
charges brought by 'the California
Fruit Exchange of Los Angeles and
the Consolidated Forwarding Company
of Calirjrnla acainet the Southern Pa
cific Railroad, the Atchlson, Topeka
and Santa Fe Railroad and other lines
operating in California.
It is charced by the plaintiffs that
the railroads made discriminative rates
between California and Eastern points
to the Iobs of complainants.
J. H. Call was retained by the com
mission to meet arguments of railroads,
the latter being represented by Robert
Dunlap of Chicago for the Santa Fe
and William F. Herrin of San Fran
cisco for the Southern Pacific
William Sproule. traffic manager of
the Southern Pacific, was also present,
and E. D. Brookline of this city acted
as counsel for the complainants.
Interstate Commerce Commission
Hears Testimony Against South
ern Pacific and Santa Fc.
• mi
rnurr exchanges are
FIGHTING RAILROADS
Fourth-class postmasters appointed
— California — H. F. Schutt, Dale, San
Bernardino County, vice T. B. Ren
eon, removed; Mary S. Patton, Pied
mont, Alameda County, vice J. M.
Eckstein, resigned. Oregon — Job S.
Bogue, Rossland, Klamath County,
vice George \V. Beatty, resigned; Wil
liam- R. Robedee, Woods, Tillamook
County, vice R. T. Weatherly, resigned.
Washington — T. M. Askren, Carbon
ado, Pierce County, vice G. W. Stan
ton, relieved.
Navy orders — Lieutenant Com
inar.der W. S. Hughes, from Pensa
cola, San Francisco, to navy yard,
Puget Sound, as equipment officer.
Lieutenant Commanler J. H. Glennon,
to Independence, Mare Island, as ex
ecutive officer.
Army orders — Captain Elmore F.
Tagart, quartermaster, from San Fran
to transport Sheridan to relieve Cap
tain TlnVwr-t T.. Rrnwn.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16. — Postmas
ter commissioned — California — James
F. McNamee. Fish Rock.
Main Portmasters Arc Com
missioned.
Arms and Navy Orders Are Issued and
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
<JF THE PACIFIC COAST
>_r* you interested In a Bummer home along
the Russian Biv^r in Sonuma County? Th«
cJimar* Si ideal «r.4 the environment very plc
turmue. At Mcrte Kio Park over fifty cot-
Uures were built in the rummer of 190:$ and as
many more at Camp M«ker and M<«a Grande.
Now ts «he time to ir.sHe your election of
en* lsnv on «ale et North Bhor* Office. 62u
Markrt itreet. at $SO to $75. Get a copy ot
¦Punny Summer Homes." diMtibuted free at
ebove addres*. Uaited to any addrera. * ,.• .
Summer Home Sites.
DENVER. Jan. 16. — "There seems
only one thing to be done in the
Glover case," said Governor Peabody
to-day, "and that is to file a charge of
insanity against him. I understand
that he had such outbreaks in his old
home in Missouri."
Major Zeph T. Hill, military com
mander at Tellurlde, was to-day in
structed by the Governor to ignore
any injunction from the District
Court, as has been done by Colonel
Verdeckberg at Cripple Creek.
GEORGETOWN, Colo., Jan. 16. —
After deliberating nearly forty-eight
hours, the jury in the case of the
members of the Western Federation of
Miners, who were tried in the Dis
trict Court here on informations
charging them with conspiracy to de
stroy buildings on the Bun and Moon
mine property at Idaho Springs, re
turned a verdict acquitting all the de
fendants. Originally sixteen men
were placed on trial, but District At
torney Thurman nolled ' the cases
against three of them and asked for
the conviction of the remaining thir
teen defendants. The defense sub
mitted the case to the jury without
introducing any evidence. The trial
consumed a'month and more than 300
talf-smen were examined before the
jury whs secured.
Major AlcClelland, with a squad of
soldiers, took five prisoners from the
bullpen at Camp Goldneld to-day and,
marching them to the eastern line of
Ihe county, commanded t them to travel
and never return.
Cr.lPPLE CREEK. Colo., Jan. 16.
Former Congressman John M. Glover.
v.-ho broke his military parole by
sending a letter to Colonel Verdeck
l;*rg and was arrested yesterday, gave
out an address irom the County Jail
to-day in which he declares the con
ditions of the parole were unendur
able and such as only a despot would
impose. He continues:
Governor Peabody may imprison
miners and obscure men and weaken
their cause- before the public by
charging them falsely with many
crimes, but he cannot do that with
me. In my case the question of ar
citrary power, used at discretion,
must distinctly and solely arise and be
settled to his ruin if not sustained.
**I commend to the consideration of
the Constitutional Rights League the
criminal clause of that act. Under it
all of Peabody's tools and accom
plices can be sent to penal servitud?
and his pardoning power will avail
them nothing."
Kxeeutivc Ilelicvcs That the
Former Congressman Is
Thoroughly Irresponsible
TALKS
AT COUNTY JAIL
Victim of Colorado Military
Declares That the Governor
Must Suifer for His Act
GLOVER SHOWS
MORE DEFIANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1904;
Reduced ' rate* on household goods • to & ¦ from
the East & South. Hekln's, 11 Montgomery Bt.' •
BERLIN', Jan. 16. — -The - newly
elected Prussian Diet was opened to
day by Emperor William as King of
Prussia, who read the speech from
the throne in a full, resonant voice,
which was heard clearly throughout
27
ST. LOUIS
WOELD'S FAIR VIEWS
IX BEAUTIFUL COLORS
Tlie Official Views of the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition
to be held at St. Louis will be
issued as supplements to The
Sunday Call beginning with the
Issue of Sunday, January 31st.
Agents and newsdealers will do
well to order early, as there will
be a great demand for these
beautiful views.
'*¦**¦* sagpoRrrjai. - , | raa EMPOBirraL | the empobium. j . the empobitjm i the emporium ;|,' the emporium
jf Trimmed Hais, originally $4.50 to $9.OO, now - -,-«,-; $2*65 Misses' and Ladies' Ready-to- Wear Hats up to $1.5O, now - - SOo
| " " •> ¦.-."•>• $7.00 to $12.00, now - - - - $3*95 Ladies'^and Misses 1 Readyto-Wears that were $1.50 to $4.50, now $1.00
I Speoial Ribbon Sale >^ A Flannel Sale
$ Beginning Monday, 3:30 a* m, **f£/ • f ' J- '"-• - With nut Pa-aiioi in n,iw nit*,
%' Six linn of the leason'i met desirable ribb^m «s greatly unde. priced to doic. We invk: SJTsf' df> m7t\ A JK S M* Sll Jk"* * ti BfJf^ WWiinuUW rarauei in UUr Ulty
jj com^rjen with the iowe« priced good ribbons that you know of. . tib^&Jr/Jh 7WW/ J^fljT \S M S S /^7 Finest French Flannels— Dresden and French Flannels — In solid colors,
g '"^Jjti^^Si 2 1^7^ n TT d :^*:Z **** effects, in richestcolor- twill and fancy woven stripes.
»? «ine, in combinations of blue and white, : .. 5 . ...*.. * 'CALIFORNIA'S " Largest- .a • ¦imi^~"— " ings, for kimonas, negligees, strictly all wool, and instead of
*; rose and whtsandpVm uhtejon^tiai StSnVS' «T Mfi , , . J\ , , y fln&Xff®*** 3 **^^^ etc.; the well known 75c per 50c a yard, beginnine Monday
» «'e, beg nning Monday, yard. ..-^ w ! , D ' m V ! ¦ GRANDEST STORE yard sorts; beginning Monday and during this sale l?£ n
» 60c Sash Rbbon 17c yard- zoo yards only ment of fancy stripe*, in both light and dark •, Walstintf and Wrapper Fhnncb— In
| bg&Sf^t^^J I 5OOOPaifis Curtains «^m T^*'i*i*-M m>, fe 9*™<>Mm
I W%J^§g0ffi£ jT^rf":" f, Ne W , 904 Patterns Just Arrived t«%?^Z^ZZl*
I » cram, rose, violet, lavender, light b'.ue, car- fjr underwear trimming, 'children'* hair nb- A;l cf the new designs of the most prominent makers arc represented in chit co'.- men S underwear and shirts; ij|##./v» f/^M MA /«. en •
Is t^^x:^"^.20o t4:;«r u : r^.^ry.ao- -^ iWS$ssg&& M^Bm^^Wi \^s^°t% «« r " ™a" a SL s P e SJ:
J* i macie that th:y cannot easi.y be to!d from the real. Every curtain in the eollec- " • * goods, because they cost SO close
t* tnti&ZS 8*193% IT"** /*#»4»#A F4f* "on is strictly up-to-date and *the prices are surprisingly low. Some v:ry n ,. t . 4 m,--.i"« " Th» cni;^i v ,,. rt ,,o« to their selling price; but we have
». %JPB^CiiBcSBM9jfiS %&8JtB&&p l#Oal9^ BL.6&B . . r r 6/ / Qutlni rlanncli— I he SOlldly WOVen K cmed three lot$7«rth»ule, and aD are de-
g _^1 Prices. now that woud, bare!v cover, and in some * ? ™ ! Uality \ 0X underwear, night- St* £^£l
| Wg£j instances wou!d not cover, the cost of material. No 'oo pair, ful »e lace curtain., ecru or w hi^ l.N^B.,, Fernme,- 3 yards long, 50 inches gowns ejc; a full .assortment jMt^^^^p^^mW
I W to S e a; on t this store. |f5S^g|p^ W^Ml^O f O^ifen^ * III
% ; i^g^i|®lll '^^:^S liSiSSlS Sale of Men's Overcoats
\K t f&\ The Illustration Shows one of cur most deeply cut $ 3*0 D Arabian CiirtaWS * 2*12 ' $12*50 atttt $15*00 C~\
Iff g pj) priced suits, made of two-tone fancy Zbe ine cloth, . % - . OVGJ*CO3ttS
|»| j y tvita Military bouse jacket and even iength un ined An Exti*a Special foi* Monday Only 4fiO EZtTH *8FC*p \ 9
i*" pnf • ikirt; was $67.50, now '- • • . •  m$ 100 pairs Arabian Curtains, choice- patterns, which if bought by us in %p&m%)U Jfe? j(/^^
I 1 ± 4\ 525 00and 530 00 tanor-med 5 su3t S $14.93 « ' " , 1 , kind le.'t, .onlf the \ w $ ». S o and 5,5-00 I* fl Wgr^^
l i J ?¦ n 30.03 and 35.00 tailormade SUltS 20.00 | JJ«»JS« Ove-ecat, that we e brought t 0 CaUfornia for fe W 15> W«»^
'S /J \ \\ 42.50 and 55.00 tailor-made SUts 27.50 SJS 0SS .. this sr«»n, bora medium and extra lengths, N ' f lllPf^ ||
}g V/ I \V\ 47.50 and 57.50 tailor-made suits 29.50 r,..~ r+ 4*r a *„..*. x onsaienoV to close at "Nino-Fifty" I I % Hi $ ¦ l\
It- J^ 7o.oo and 75.oo tailor-made suits 42.50 Two Great Values Monday Only * , f^ fl^ D l
JI . 85.00 and 95.00 tailor-made suits 57.50 38 Inch All Wool Sacktna— About 1000 yards. A good wearing dress * fO ***j' *° 9*U*UU \l ||1| ff| I
i Evening and Reception Dresses fabric, that will make serviceable dresses for children, in such color- J&**f^Sls \\ ! M If I
|J1 Of Fi-ie Crepe de Chine, Mousseline de Soie, French Sicilian, Point ings as brown, navy, goblin, green and tan, sold regu- ,$i3m&5 j| \\\ M t \
x d'Esprit and black hice. larly at 50c a yard, on special sale on Monday only . • *$^r& Brokeniineiof Overcoats that we ajki 16.50 M^^/s_^R fl? j I
$ Dresses that were $ 45.00 now $37.50 to jio.oo for and that exclusive dothing stor« MiHil In I \
g Dresses that were 62.50 now 52.50 56 Inch Homcspvn Suiting— A very desirable fabric for walking suits and Se^rigVt^nd^ar'cutlii tl If B W M
V Dresses that were 65.00 now.... ..55.00 . skirts, in shades of brown, tan, grey, navy and goblin;' an excep- thoioujh'y wtisfied with in ever/ particular! Iff If FW — Wi
* Dresses that were 85.00 now 65.00 tional value at the regular DriceJfl 00 the vird one nf thp ****s Bicauie weon-y h^e a fewof «kini left, we lA-Ji >^ W!
v Dresses that were 100.00 now 42.50 1 , V 5rl \ I f, i , S^^Sff^ hive mirked aI of ' h;st broken lots at one V&H J&d \X
! J Dresses that were 225.00 now 115.00 big store s best press goods offering, on Monday sale price %9+*V* uniform^ price, "Thirtocn-clghty- \m^& J ~^ ffi
\i * And many others at similar reductions. Q**Baz *%* K «x*as*^~>9 D**^-* ¦ Broken lines ofmen's $13.50 and $15.00 Suits $9*50
I $ Alterations extra.. , &&B&OI SLmSSSGS SSagS Broken lines men's C16. 50 to Jzo;oo Suits $13*85
' fc* - 50C Slid 60C CliatClaine *-*&&}' $'-°OChatelalneBagi— Genuine aWg*- ¦ ¦ ¦ — — —^— — — ¦ ,
$ Sale of Overcoats Bags-seai grain The Nev* Spring Waist
I For Uttle Boys FWF ! ea^ e h r ' P atent f af ety |\ j^^ First Showing
V <7 rtn cm nn <tt? *nn n *4<z \&JL • i^ «?° 1 W « •"? / pftft} Wrist B a? . -Genuine ,-,l, walrus and 8P^^ Beginning Monday we make the first extensive dis.
- &S.OU, &IU.UU, 914.&U boats sfS^m^^ and nicely finished,, Mm§$L buffa-o- grain leather, with inile • . IF^Sr play of season 1904 styles of ilk and wash waistj.
i J Cut iO $5mOO . ffi W\ Monday Only, each {ffifi&tj^ psciiet, full size, weU nnhhtH, regu- v^Ljf Never have we owned so many of this class of gar-
I Announce^. Extraordinary -OK flt . 4A ¦.,¦¦./¦¦¦-¦•. : 3td%g® ' t&£j^^.^.S*% SMm 1
ifcl entire stock of Boys Russian Over- O 5 — . TT". ~~ "13 i ' | is^Saga vanugc. which we. believe will mean • saving of
I COatS. made by the best tailors Of \ TWO EXtra SpeCSalS mOnSiaV //^P^^T at l«it one-quarter for our patrons. We hive marked:
lie New York City, every one of them J I^/yjPM Sfe •_ - _:. _. •.. ;.t?~ , ..^. fi' &. ••^J-f^S' 7 -»' c valae P srcale *»"" at .BOo
i exclusive in design, perfect in fab- If § \ \ In Jewelry . | Department l^^^mi fcSww^^ : :. :•: : : : \%%° o
\% ric and exquisite in coloring, coats I i \ ¦' «. .' ' ' ; . ."¦.>&& V' Wz*rW\ {i.so«i ac iawnwaut.t. sui6
IS that were formerly priced from $7. 50 To $i 2 . 50 I I - Salt and Pepper Shaken gM Men's Fob Chains - The \^W W; ¦ J K " viucla . wn . wa-K . at
% each, beginning Monday, without any reservation ~Very pretty design, .$£& , 'S ornaments in Silver, Trench ffi£) {"olaVn^stTt!" .".!.*.'!!.*! $1.95
g: whatever, all at one uniform rff* E? ffjiff% W W // Class, good weight ster- X^^v fM] 6 ra y» Roman and other fin- Kf\ AS^ And there art beautiful 'lawn arid cheviot waists at
U price of. W %JF B %Jf %Jf JuJ J liner silvpr tnnQ n lim AifL_Jr^ : ishes; new, novel and very »^V»\ ffi.j $2.75 and $3.50, Irish linen waists at $4.00, nczi-
£ ' Jtik !rA\^^ P> lYl^rnK attractive designs, regular- • « Y^ vesting waists at $ 5 .oo and many other styles up to
\ Ages 2% to 7 years. &» g? ited quantity; on Mon- M^fMm iyfi.50 to 12.50 each; on . *!? n Z hfnLV^tlT 1 ° J " 8 distinct st >' les musi be
I ¦ , day only, pair \^2,W PS| special sale Mon- £+&f+ '
I Shirt &S8le M *»y of the Lato y Qgg Peiiicosi t Sale Go-Carts *3-*§.
{ 75o and $LOO Values Copyrights 50° QOOtl Office Fumiture Cheap \ Monday ™\ The $5*OO Kind
i Rook lovers tiW<» nntiro'i A w D • »„ r» i L ., 5 1 - 50 P«tticoats. 93c— Heavy Mercer-
» >vg* cisssk >«FBk duuk lovers, laKe notice: A Mr. Busmesj Man— Da you know that we sell • • c *. * j »« j i
v special which you will appreciate £g^p=^p=^|22^| O ffic S Furniture at th= »ni e low rat, of profit at lzed . Sateen\ in two new and Monday Only,
|*f \ awaits you to-morrow. We have uhich w= k:i IO min - v othcr Hncs of m " chl^'«=? stylish effects— one has a deeD t , .. , . V
K ¦ - A purchase of about 400 coDvricht books that in JK mVm^Sm^m^SSmn " HS n Do y° u know wh « »n extend/; variety of nyies tlare flounce, trimmed with inese llgnt.TOla-
J n^any hundreds of perfect condition sell at $1.00, M^^^^^^^^^:^^^X^ """* etched bands of sateen, piped in G 0 - Carts
i* \l7^L_ s °me of the most $i.c8 and «i.»o-b« these h»vebeena trift: f^^^^^^^g^S^ The Golden Oak Roiled Top Desk (ii'u.tratei), m black velvet; theother hasan ° Sl^
; v r^Kt'^'^% popular brands of h ," rt b y hand:! "g «nd we offer th:m Cfn^n fe===;i J ii^g^5Mafe>eS^^^^@ 54 inches wide, 51 inches h gh, with drawers on accordeon pleated flounce, fin- that have re-
¦ *'' " •lW^ >; "- i '' men's stiff bosom ° n McnJa - v on ''- v » P" co P>- - •**«#*" HJ both 8idt "- - 1 smi1 ' dr * wer8 and lS P ;g( -°" ""'"¦"- ishrd with a stitched bias ruffi; and ... , , <«^^^fc»
'v "''r-^'.'f and 'coif Shirts ThMS * re iomt of thr tiUef: iSilffiHI iide ' lbook com P artment! lnd tfoo ffn narrow rose pleating, with full under DaCKS, C^rr^^> fl
J : : : ft;'- made "of extra 5£rT»K?"^Sr Hi^ffiSi ' O^f^Sl To f^s'o f-.".^^ *e kind that fSk
it :[•: j: :|.E quality stripe ma- .;;<:"<¦" th, n.. b> . ,,,,.„. Golden O.k Fl.t Top u«k, 48 it«if°' S o in. Si.SOi»«pn«Mond.),«* •*** you can fold lip .» . , 4r
; » :||| f dras, each garment 3S5S?S£J p .?ro, @P«SS«l'** k "' h "" 1 * 11 *' .«*IW- $US PeUlco^U, 89c -On:y. bout 300 ' S 1
1 5 !r.';»,*|r perfectly cut, and ;-Roi«> or the Unconquered." by rhliton Gold<n Oak Standing Dtsk, ot these— b.ack and white striped - I1Q idKC OM me 0 f
'I :!^h : :!t win flt e , qua !. t0 •£S^ZZ*£^?Z € 3? a^ jfcw,^ «^« /^p|^ »««b petticoat.. wUh d= cp bi.,. cars; they have rattan backs
f :<i« I CUStom made Shirts :;Da r k of the Moo," by Crockett. R£VoIv ; nS Dejk Ch.ir- Golden quarter, a wed «k,J«thS "''^1 ™ |lf L^ cut fl,r C flounce finished with smal, . S Drin2S and rubber
*, . *. . fl f • .1 that bought ill the ,! te M ,°, rnln K- fe y I'hllpott gcat 5 _ \\ $1O*QQ If \M 8p fu!1 ruffl; » trimmsd m stitched bands wlul ana lUDDa
J? ff-hlrtfc*^ regular way would ''^^Z^'-S u££' PljeonHole Case- Highly po.hhsd dak, is'pigron \o\» ... $9.50 mffi II of io!id black; perfect fitting and tire steel Wheels; On Spe-
'¦X have to be sold it 75c and II 00 "P!, ArKon , au , t^V. b .»; P rzP « ko - Goldeii Oak Office Tab!e-H : gh!y polished, 48 in. long. . . $18. SO RggLi"^ 8^^ full width; full S«-2? value; sale -j^i C0 i 0 \i nn * V. . ..;
I each . onspecSlsalebe Jfi |^TnI/± P fca^ r^f^ ffman . Utter Pres, Stand-Go-den garter sawed' oak v hWpih f d . ;far R e B^^^ prk e, Monday only. \ S^ 1 «^| QJ?
|| gfnnmgMonday ? . . 45g IE ?zr&Z£ SSZ***- r ±V -'^ ' n V 'n"f y 'JSKT^ ' [ /. 89C day only ...... ; 9J.&&
! Jk " J ¦ Revolving Stools, Typewriting Desks, Mood and ¦
|g Have you seen «Thfl Rlar.ksmithv? r ''' ter^ g^^ ¥% This is a money-back store.
:| Sale Linings Underwear and Hosiery $12.73 Dinner Sets $9.95 GroceHes--Liquors
i| l//r/e Priced Notions '¦ ¦jgag. Just in~a new line of the celebrated "Piqua'' And m Other House- 7^ Mondays and Tuesdays
is? 1C00 yards biack Mercerized VlpeS underwear for women. On account of its beauti- fUi*ltishinff SpBGiatS Mr ¦' Extra Values
:*f Sateen, 36 inches wide, a quality ? W* ful fit and non-shrinkable qualities, it is one of Dinner Sec like illustration, 51 pieces lor 6 /y J&L &j tP^xsJih Crom 4 Blackwell's Lucca Oil-For the two
15 suitable, for underskirts as well as the most popular lines of underwear we have ever persons, Carlsbad China, with very dainty VsL^sfTlV^iNa (PSSW **!•> 1" • ; • • •' • • ©2o
I if skirt lining?, on special sale. Mon- >TjL Carried ' " , Hower decoration and gold edge; regular •¦ Ohlrard.lU Ghocol.te-Grouad, , 1b. tin, .
5 day Only, at the excep- 'g^^ % X^N^K^v "Piqua" Combination Suits- Fu'l regular made and fiauh, -. - _-» value J 1 2. 7 5, beginning Monday, set . . t &^f£*%&* *«jgb ........ . . .'. .• . . .
I tionally 10W price. **C fWWm ™*f* «***«***;,<*» W "4 •!*¦. ««.*4.50. ..... . . . . . . . .^.55 3^^ B^ Force-Grape*^ Malta Vita .rCeraFr^to,
J 36-inch Shadow Silk — Looks likj urleta, I L4/(l \\ "P'qua '—Made of fine combed' <vod, the best fitting tght in the Gibson Pistes- English Doulton.ware, with repioiuctions of Chirlts Daoa Gibson's pictures, we a packages .. . . . . ... . . 25O
* y«' d ' ' • • fSO \S I «&*)\ ; m *J, k^ «g«'«' made and full finished in every way, «#! «=1 them regularly at 49c; begtenin 2 Monday, each . . . ,.3BO Whole Wheat Of Graham" flour- 10 lb. iacki
S Samson Lining Silk— Guaranteed, xard . 50O 1 \4\\\\\\Wffl \ *"*"* * ' ""^ *?""* ' ' ' * ' ' ' ' m& " S~~\o 6-pe« Ch.mber S.t.nn: decorated »emi-porce!.'nj ul= price $1.9 > 24o
i£ Fme Mercerirtd Sitwn— Color,, yard . 2Oc \^Jm\\\M V Ladies' «'Va»t«r" Swiss Ribbtd Merino Union SulU— High neck, long 4S C P'«ervtd Pa'ms, f-'eaf, sale price. . . . i . . . . 33O M V' J " v ";*, K * f * h * '.* * V* 19t%
K c » r- j • 1. «T» / ••:\f s slcevei, anfcie length, colors white and n»:ura', garment .. S2.5O Large Bunch of Gran Mm ; . . BO WatKere!--New Insb fish, each .. . . 12O
V Ch:ffbn Stock Foundatons, each.. . . . f ff O / . Lldie*' Oobe Mtrino V«ts-Hi|h neck, long and ,h,rt sleeves, pants .."^ .««*" «« "^"A fonc y *»»* "* " »«* - f* V** &**?*.- -0*0 AUrtln*. E«t«m Crc.m Chee«-Lb. . £ 0 0
J. Sew ng Machine OJ, bjttle Qo / jfl O match, ank'e length, colors white and gray, a reliable garment in J»-7S"Pore:!am Bowl Table Lamp -With eitha globe or doro: .shape; sprcnl, b:gmn:nj Mon- Asparajus-Crown (gulden), dor., $2.7 Z;
X Percaline Half Sletves, patr 25c j V . everyway at.. .... . . . . . SI. 25 ¦¦¦¦**** complete for . . .. ; $1m13 tin. . . 23o
j If Siteen-covered Corset Stetls, pair. . . . IOO 1" / 1 ' i x ji • p cnu ii'j ' \ t' t " ' l j $2.00 Cut Olsss Bon Bon Dish— W.th handle; a rch new cutting and a big value at the sale /yj HrrmUam Whltkv For rf»<- hn dm
! K Nickeled Safety Pins, dozen 3q \ I j Udiej L Fanc y Sllk "n^ervesU — Low n.-ck, no s'.ejv.-i, hand *, ¦£ » St^3 .ncrmiUJ* WhUKy-For the two . daj£
{8 Mcnd^ S Rubber Tissue, strip. . . . . . 6 O \ \ / "cchet yokes, color, blue, . pink and white, p=r garment " /w^r"' " fiac 'ff^/aforW.^' ?•«'* P^ el> '«". a , " A, "w "wC. \ ' V ' ' :f 3 ' W
j,« F.ench Sew ng Cotton, spool f5 O \ I / ¦ $1 .25, $1 .50, $1.75 <C^g^j^ !*«« 1^3 UiaiOWS— j cwel j d> n ; ck r tl pbted radiitors, American Club WhisXy— Pure stmght Bciar-
fc* Self-threading Neei'es. paper.. . . • • ¦ 5c \ / / Ladies' Black Cashmere Hose — French Merino heel and toe, extra §| % ' mifa . fitted with jo feet of tub r ng, regu'arly f 4.00, on special sale beginn"ng bon » E* 1 $1»QS
K Omo Dres; Shields (oiorless), pair . . . 25c \ If good vau:, pair . . . ..... ......... . . 800 M % $iM ' Monday. . .I." .$2.96 **'<*' Williami' Old Highland Scotch— For
(J. Cube P.ns, krge size,, each 5 C \ \ Ladies' Black L ! s!e Hose- Plain top, lace boot, tiik Embroidered instep, h'!w§3 $U0 Clothjs Diyer-For hous: or . j hi-hballs, etc., botde 90O
\£ S-.CMzhy Back Cjmbs, each tOo | / / in colors of black and blue, black and whit:, black and red, b'ack and IH ¦ \\ ?J,M porch, new and improved adjustable <fe^ 3/ White Libel Stout— McMa'lm's non:.b:tt:r,
! » Curlinj Iror.s, each. . ....... . /f.fS ' gold, etc., a complete line of new patterns and v;ry stylish, pair SOC JUlB©. rack, 7 long arms fitted with cords X^ g/ ± zz _ . $t.9O
% . Sun Bonnet Foundations each . . BOo Ladies' Pure Maco Cotton Hose-Fine quality, imported fast black, medium or heavy w t i 2 ht, i|^^S^^» tohold the articles fob* dried. Can =^^^^^ Zinfandel-Ema old, gal BBo
I Ho'»t" h^s' 0P p»;; 'pK": : : 1%% , j*^ •~' - -* **\ -f *5 f ? p r;^ 5 ? ' '" ¦¦ SI -° J ¦ *»=•'»< sst*2£ . frf ™ «>»-<^° "-«. • • ¦
{ Tracing Wheels, each . .. . Qq ilti C 0 " 00 H<>«~ Heavy black, fleece ln=d, double «olc, h:el and to:, very e.aitc, pur 25© Ss£^S5F^ , special »ale price 7gO Vj/ ' .' • California Brandy -Extra, botde ... 78o
91 m - . - # ¦ . • ¦ ¦-'.-' ....-..'.-¦ I,- 1 .,- -,-.,., - - < - -.....'. ..'*.- --. - v ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ c -- - ¦ - - • -•-- -¦ ¦ , . ¦ . . .. . *"I don't -know whether they do or
not," replied .Mr.'' Cleveland, "but
there's one thing I do know, if they
do' they don't, tell anybody about it."—
Washington Star. • • - - •*..'__ __
Some one sent Grover Cleveland a
scientific publication of .the United
States Government entitled ."Do Fishes
Hear?" •/.
"What do you think of -that?" asked
Dan Lamont, who ' was fingering. tfie
pages idly; :
The Mayor referred to the Board of
Health, and said that his '6bject in
making retrenchments . in the Health
Department, which would amount to
$10,000 per annum, was to devote that
sum to the Improvements of the streets.
The Draymen's Association held its
fifth annual banquet at Golden Gate
Hall last night. Major Charles L. TU
den, the president, was toastmaster of
the occasion. He opened the speech
making by saying that the organiza
tion was born out of the strife that
had existed between employers and em
ployes, which had given way to a bond
of friendship between the contending
factions. He stated also that the asso
ciation wanted a greater San Francisco
and that this city has the most won
derful future of any in the world. He
then Introduced Mayor E. E. ! Schmitz,
who said he.was in favor of the greater
San Francisc*.
Prince Tokugawa, who has Just
been elected President of the Japanese
House of Lords, ia one of the most In
teresting personages In the dominions
of the Emperor of Japan. For. he
may be described as the' last of the ty
coons. True, he held power as such
for only a few days, for it was his
elder brother Yoshinobu who was the
temporal ruler of Japan at the time
of the great revolution of 1867 and
1868. which ended the restoration of
the lay sovereignty of the Land of the
¦Rising Sun to the Mikado, after he
andjiis ancestors had been deprived
thereof, and forced' to 'content them
selves with mere ecclesiastical . supre
macy for close upon 300 years by the
tycoons. Yoshinobu, when he realized
that his power was threatened, dis
patched a mission to France, to Eng
land and to this country, at the head
of which he • placed ' his ' younger
brother, now Prince Tokugawa. . The
latter .was received with the utmost
distinction by Napoleon^ III, who in
vested him with the Grand Cross of
the Legion of Honor, and by the Eng-*
fllsh court, King Edward, then Prince
of Wales, traveling: down to Dover to
welcome him on landing on British
soil. The outbreak of , the insurrection
compelled him to hasten home, with
out fulfilling his mission to the United
States, and Tycoon Yoshinobu, when
he found that h<s adherents were.de
serting en masse to the Mikado, made
a vain effort to save the throne, which
his family,. had usurped, by abdicating
in favor of his young brother, who
was tycoon or shogun for only a few
days before " being finally overthrown
and forced to yield to the present Em
peror and to his -victorious army.
The , Mikado dealt . very generously
with the two -ex- tycoons, and as soon
as ever* they, had ? made their.submis
sion arid sworn allegiance he 'settled
Is the Last of the Tycoons and Now
President of Japanese House
of Lords.
INTERESTING PERSONALITY
OF PRINCE TOKUGAWA
Mayor and F. J. Symmes, In
vited Guests, Exchange Com
pliments on > Civil Service
DRAYMEN HOLD
ANNUAL FEAST
upon each of them large estates and a
very handsome annuity. Yoshinobu,
the elder of the two brothers, died a
number of years ago forgotten and In
obscurity, but the younger brother, a
perfect specimen of the high-bred,
blue-blooded Japanese gentleman, the
distinction of his appearance and
manner suggesting to the mind a full
blooded race, horse, determined to
lead a. more useful life. Devoting the
greater portion of his allowance and
of his property to the maintenance
and to the pensioning of his former
adherents, who had suffered in his
own cause and In that of^hls brother,
he started out to. complete his educa
tion according to Western ideas, visit
ed this country at the time of the Cen
tennial Exhibition, and then went on
to Paris, where he took up his resi
dence in the most unassuming manner
in a small suite of three rooms in the
Quartier Latin, living the life of a stu
dent, none of his associates having tbre
slightest idea of his antecedents or of
his rank. Only on three occasions did
He said he was not opposed to civil
service reform, that is, if it had a fu
ture, and if it was to have a future "he
wanted to'know it." He said that when
he proposed this reorganization he had
hoped everybody would have been with
him, but he was sorry to say that he
had been mistaken in his stand, for
the Merchants' Association had taken
an entirely different view. ,
The next speaker was F. J.. Symmes,
president of the Merchants' Associa
tion. He had a retort for Mayor
Schmitz regarding the Health Depart
ment changes and said: "Let us go
into the courts and see what they will
say. • ' .
"We are here to stand for a greater
San Francisco," he went on. "We know
what this city wants, and we are go
ing to have it. We don't want our
children to look back and say that their
fathers were 'chumps' and did not un
derstand or appreciate how great was
going to be the growth of this city. We
want to give up the old-fashioned ideas
of the past. We want to have all the
parks beautified and we want to pur
chase all the sites of vantage.
"This city will have 1,000,000 people
before ' twenty years have passed."
Nearly the full membership of the or
'ganization was in attendance. The
menu was elaborate and wines were in
abundance. Vocal and instrumental
music added to the entertainment.
The invited guests were: Mayor Eu
gene E. Schmitz. F. J: Symmes, presi
dent Merchants' • Association; L. M.
King. F. M. Todd, C. L. Spear, John C.
There is a falling off in the East In
the demand- for structural steel, which
Is due largely to. the. labor troubles.
BuiMlng operations were largely cur
tailed In New York and other Eastern
centers of population because of the
Ftrikes that brought an element of un
certainty into : the 'cost* of -buildings to
be erected. Many large buildings are
reported to have remained uncompleted
for months awaiting some change.
Possibly the slump In the price
of pig iron will., bring the re
ductions in cost . that the project
ors of buildings were hoping for. Of
the total loss that will fall on Church's
creditors, fully, one-half, it was said
yesterday by Church's attbrney, w 111
fall upon Meyer, Wilson & Co. There
are other creditors than those named,
but they are for very small figures ac
cording to the statements of Attorney
Hutcbihson. The creditors have en
gaged Attorney Gregory to r represent
them in the court proceedings. Yes
terday accountants were busy investi
gating the books of Church!
It was alleged that they threatened
to import pig Iron to San Francisco on
a large scale if he did not make the
importations. He had 'already an ac
cumulation of iron here, and if this
threat had .been . carried out there
would have been here in the local mar
ket, an element that would have caused
the falling of prices and Church would
have been sure to lose. So he ventured
and events that he could not have fore
seen led. to his downfall financially.
DEMAND** IS CURTAILED.
lustrates anew the proverb that it is
an ill wind that blows nobody good.
The orders that were placed for pig
iron that has recently arrived in this
city from Europe date back for several
months, and the same applies to car
poes that are abroad for which ships
to brine them have not even been chat
tered. These later cargoes will come
forward on a falling market if local
predictions are fulfilled.
Of Church's three leading creditors.
Meyer, Wilson & Co stand to lose the
most, for the reason that they had
more cargoes ordered. Indeed, that
was a story current yesterday that the
creditors of Seymour B. Church were
responsible to some degree for the size
of his failure.
Kirkpatrick, M. J. Hynes, S. W. Herr
man of Portland, J. A. Stiegler.of
Seattle, C. J. Jones. S. R. Chappel.
George J. Strong, W. J. Hardy. Ed
Gerald, G. L. Blair. A. Burgoyne, B.
Flood and E. G. Pierce.
Among the members of the associa
tion who made short speeches were
Daniel .Cutter. J. B. Bocarde, James
McNab, X. Jacob, C. B. Rode. T. J.
Devlin. C. A. Brown, C. E. Cutter and
William Tolley.
According to the general discussion
of the .situation yesterday as carried
on - by those skilled in the pig iron
trade in this city the foundry men are
now likely to buy in small quantities
only. On the great accumulation of
pig Iron in this city, present and in
cargoes that are contracted for
abroad, charges must accumulate, in
terest, etc. So the foundry men and
others have an advantage which 11-
As late as last June the Eastern
iron men were speculating that it
would certainly be one year at least
before Birmingham pig iron would fall
as low as $12 a ton. Now It is $9 a
ton and. so far as San Francisco is
concerned, it may go some lower.
EASTERN" MEX SURPRISED.
One cause is the entanglements of the
great steel trust. Another is the cut in
rail rates to the Pacific Coast on pig
iron. The steel trust a few months ago
had under contract the entire output of
every furnace in the entire Eastern
States. The price of pig iron soared,
and the scarcity enabled the San Fran
cisco importers of the iron to pay rail
rates on iron and sell it as far east as
Denver, where it was greedily absorbed.
To-day the steel trust does not
want the pig iron. The transconti
nental roads that are doing business
on the Pacific Coast have seen their
chance restored for a great long haul
business in pig iron. They are con
sequently enabled in conjunction with
th<? slump in the market price for pig
iron to put the commodity in the
hands of the manufacturers of every
interior terminal point in California
and the entire Pacific Xorthwest and
«t L,os Angeles as cheaply as the San
Francisco importer can lay down the
imported article. .
Owing to these causes the market
of San Francisco iron importers has
been wonderfully curtailed. Last
summer the iron business of this city
was thriving as far north as Puget
Sound and as far south as Los An
geles. Now the San Francisco trade
territory is strictly confined to this
city and the country around the bay.
where th^re Is cheap water transpor
tation from the wharves of San Fran
cisco.
The story of the failure of Seymour
B. Church as it is told by the iron men
of the city is based upon such unusual
causes and dates for its origin back to
events of such great and engrossing
importance that the cojlapse involves
more than the ordinary elements of in
terest.
INFOUESEKX CAUSES.
The iron has some value, of course.
Just v.hat this value is cannot well be
determined, for thft tendency is still
downward. The three firms will lose an
amount that is variously figured from
$60,000 u;i to $300,000. The latter- figure
is evidently far from the real mark,
for the reason that the Birmingham,
Ala.. »>ig iron, that fixes the price for
all pig iron as surely as Greenwich
stands for uniformity in time, can be
laid down in San Francisco for about
$22 «¦>') a ton, including the freights, so
experts say. Therefore as the iron is
not a total loss by any means there
must he a large deduction from the
outside figure of 5300.000 to estimate the
real truth even approximately.
Nevertheless for months to come car
gots of j>i£ iron bought in England and
uther European countries for him will
be sailing into the port of San Fran
cisco. They are contracted for. Church's
operations have been large. There are
16.000 tons of pig iron that are involved
in the outstanding contracts and in the
accumulations of iron in Church's
yards in this city. He has no money, to
pay for that iron. The loss, the amount
of which it is difficult to estimate, will
fall principally upon the three large
firms mentioned, Balfour. Guthrie &
Co.. Girvin & Eyre and Meyer, Wilson
& Co.
Next Tuesday morning Seymour B.
Church will file a petition in insolvency
in the United States District Court,
through his attorney. Joseph Hutchin
son. His assets have all been Bwept
away. Balfour, Guthrle & Co., GIrvin
& Eyre and Meyer. Wilson & Co. are
his principal creditor*. They lose heav
ily. Pig iron made Church a magnate
in certain circles for a long time. The
collapse in the price of pig iron, which
is now ¦worth about $10 less per ton in
San Francisco than it was a fe^v
month* ago, primarily caused his
downfall. A number vt weeks ago
Church kneTv that the downward ten
dency of the market was dangerous to
him. His friends say that he will not
go out of business, but that he will re
sume only as a broker, and not as an
importer of pig iron.
Total Losses Fall Heavily on
Local Firms, but tht; Exact
Amounts Are Not Determined
KA1LROADS ARE FACTORS
Sinking Market Catches Him
With Cargoes Afloat and With
Others Xot Yet Embarked
SLUMP IN IRON
RUINS CHURCH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1904.
I hev watched myself purty clus fur
de last twenty y'ars an* I hev disklb
ered dat wheneber I wanted to do up
anybody I allus did it under ktver of
humanity or reform. — Detroit Frea
Press. '
he betray the latter. It waa In 1S7S,
and one of these was at a dinner
given by the Prince of Wales, who
had been made aware of his presence
in France, wearing the Grand Cross of
the Legion of Honor. After spending
several years In Paris ha returned to
Japan, devoted himself to the Inaugu
ration of agriculture, and on the crea
tion of a system of nobility, patterned
on those of Europe, he received the»
title of "prince" and a seat In tha Ja
panese House of Lords, of which ha Is
now President. If I draw attention to
him . It is because it ls the only In
stance on record of an ex-sovereixm
being: raised to one of the most Im
portant offices In the government of
the monarch who deprived him of hia
throne. — Baltimore American.
28
ADVERTISEMENTS.
loss of their girlish forms
HJUP^ss* «^^ «^ after marria SC The bearing
WB&fMr HH MrB&WlwUB) ffirlsB °^ c^^dren is often destructive
WW CU? m M M *£& M i& to the mother's shapeliness.
All of this can be. avoided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. ; Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain.; It is woman's 'greatest. blessing.
Thousands ; gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from the
use of this wonderful . - ;
remedy. Sold by all MMJBIB J&B &
book, telling all about «^^
H8 BndfleM BssBktw Co., Atltatt, 6a. S B^S^SsbSS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I WILL GIVE $1000
i*Afi^ If I fail to cure any
NPB^. CANCER
or Tumor I treat
¦tev tfff-n tXBm befcra It poisons
7 1) No Knife! Ho Pain!
JbiL p No Pay Until Cured
jy In SO Tears I litre cere<l more
**• ~ II c*neer» Ui&o any other docto.-
_<y I living. Hr Z . Bay or other ewin-
Kfe^TX^ I <"c INVCSTlGATC
ISfey^tek.Mj Absolute Gninntei
¦$resl£&SiA lump :n
WOMAN'S BREAST IS GANGER
Tbey i!wi ys poison the rlanfls in the armpit
»nd thoulder; thencorels often lnpoulble. Any
tumor, lump or sore on the LIP, FACE or any.
where sir months ls nearly always cancer.
Tbey sever pain until almost past core.
120 PAG1 BOOK SENT FREE.
w-r.haymntom: -O»t testimonials of thousands
cored wnom you -an see and talk witl.
DR. & MR?. DR. CHAMLEY & CO.
" Strictly Reliable." Two Lady Assistants.
23 & 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
CUTCEFBf
EER^HMMfflANIED
JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. • | JOE ROSENBERCPS. 1 JO5 ROSENBEBQ'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. , [ JOE ROSENBERG'S.
"AN OU NCE~ ° HJN DE RWE AR ¦ PREC AUTION~ "^^^^S^ 77
r*+ '¦¦¦¦¦ -15 BETTER THAN TEN POUNDS OF COUGH CURE .-Htf^ 132 "
, ,i : Vu (! ffr|?Tj /^H5k That ls lf you buy your Ladlcs> and Children's Underwear at Joe Rosenberg's. All our's co S Rs T ET-£ IB t B h2 N fT£E5
WV \^^^^^^^^^\ Jj*\ Illill a^ steam shrunk and medicated— the health-preserving kind, recommended and endorsed n ™ "st« h j|hVfrSt n iteiil «^
ni 2 Cli Oir\_jP2li by all the wise physicians. They are knit to fit. Why not buy the best when you can get finished "with a iar?je satin fh£]
M vz§rW^(^SS)\ i» *g\ jff£$£^\/& them at these low prices? Short and stout, thin and tall, in every weight we fit them all. be d h? ! -ud wp \P*1>1
I fill Cvtv C*A. I tt / //^\l"i-fl B3§£t$> B if w t • j» w ¦*• »r»-> them, but you won't be ab>
if ll^2b^-4 EliJWiJiy// Invalids _ Ladies No Excuse for Being SenV« e w. ln JJ!^.^?.^.?5oS
US lE^EiiSHEiiiiiPv^- € V t^^^ g5^7\f WmlftffmA II Here Ii a Qarment thatWUl Po«ltirely DO YOU KNOW WHAT C0K70BT CrklH : '
ll r k^V/^7SiH Mh r-P^W^MsSSiJ Keep You Warm. THEBE IS IW EQUESTBIEWWE **UIU fj Q M/ sreDresen f a t /on Here.
ElB /., N % \A \ Hlalul' VGf— -"#' > ?fi&833&B3kl LADIES' VESTS— High neck and TIQHTS POB WALIIHQ "When you can buy LADIES 1 COMBI- „,„ . „ _ r „„ __ _—
1 IS [S^w 1 \'*Lk ' »^ **=± ]? ng sleeve s. Made of mixed Austra- OR WABMTE? NATION SUITS at such low prices a* . T W^? W 323 IS EX "
fel ll^&^^ll L^B^dt^^riWlSafagBgJyP^""^ mmj hr\ 11 , an . flnd American wool, flat knit. HERE'S ONE Mad> of f a «,t black thP ? e - Made of E K>'Ptian cotton. hl R h ACTLY WHAT WE SEI.I..
ii E^^^^^^fflM5^^^^^^ ' H steam shrunk. :/ EnRHsh cotton tiiTht-flttinl tons neck and lon S sleeves, ankle length. Hor» Is a ROVAL, WOR-
BH trt^r^^*S^:^//^^^ v^^ WOY^ H PANTS TO MATCH— Ankle length. ankle length. Just the garment for fleece lined, iersey knit, kid fittins and CESTER CORSET (the gen-
m wiMmm^^sS'm^^^^^^Mi m sock flnish - French bands, finished with this cold and chilly weather Price 8 famless. fn gray and white. All V^9 nine kind)— Medium or slen-
Ul \^&}WimizM/fWfRPtt lUlMSn ti a dra wstring; medium weight; just the * * *Oe slzes A sult «"»0 c ¦/# {^ r Vw*- °"-p of th<? newest
ttn rJtBGe^tWmlUMmllKlUi \ I iaaaa Bl \£lUiii^^ £^^ LADIES yarn. Tn gray or ecru. • a £™ ,\l s Rimmed Tvith a crochet V \ circular cut and hand sored;
79^^^I^K5li\Ullll^tSlBllWi^I "Whoso Skins Are Irritated by -Wool. PANTS TO MATCH— Same qualltv hiit^ Ap-,^ wnrt 1^ «t oli In J" nk , a , nd " made of X -^X fast blacTc Ita-
Ra lff^V^r^ g^^* a T*tti^S3BjlTt I fltro 8 38 ga^|gi***' !gB *^S^^ Here's a Garment as above, ankle length .and twilled wortn »i .j,,. Special. ji an doth, lace trimmed; also abdoml-
a3t?G3£Mt^^ Made expressly for YOU Made of sateen bands. ¦ Price. .A garment J25e ** * ' ° e nal reducing hose supporters attached.
Iggf^^' sifk. mixed with sterilized 'wool, which ' REUBEN'S VESTS. / tirliac 1 r*r*mU:~ n +" f >nly tO b " had at the PriCe t< rtA
IS ink eU b e iu? n a Sh6dand unshrlnkabIe - In Made Expressly for Infants. M^SUieS C 017101118 tlOtl for Sl.OO
All Economical Housewives No Reason Why P "' "" Siis'^M. wiii k not te frrft a a b t r e lc th s e ° '^.t^dliiSS Suits. La Vida Corsets.
Here I? one at a low price. <B --«B»nars>» Wh « n V° u ' ran hn V Ankle length tiirht-nttinr toDS- fln- merits in printer's Ink. We will be And a comfort maker. High neck and It has a distinct
£| Made of colored striped jgg-^gai the new ••FLORODO- i B ned with if crochet VdeewMth ribbon "n 1 !' tno phased to show them to you long sleeves, ankle length, seamless cut of Its own. Q%?C^vXr>^
\^xx flannelette. Epaulettes over ISlfinf^Tfil Ml HAIR RETAIN- «n^J^t«i a crochet edge. iMth ribbon whether you buy or not. Price and glove fitting: the kind that buttons which is entirely
<SfiA the shoulder, rolling collar. 1! Ill III' 1 ' ER' 1 at the low price v««t. e , - n. -T»c and 35c across the shoulders; steam shrunk different from any '
ISL?ft button sleeves: also trimmed •"lUIHHim we are se iii n g them. • Tf»ht« l U*S5»c liAJDIES* VESTS. and part ally wool. A pound of pre- othf>r. There ls a special eors-t for
fflteb with a deep flounce; collar. Made of highly pol- n«nts »1.*5 Made of wool finished vnrn i»r-» v ventive is worth ten of cure. Our each distinctive built figure and thus
¦Wtfflr epaulettes and -front i sh ed Italian shell, smooth teeth. The SOME WOMEN SHOULD WEAR knit fleed S h fh n Jk S'nrt nn J P Ce 75c it ls possible for us to guarantee an
Jf Sto^ffl^JS^ -^SSM?"*" Hff S3S S Made of^S^l^arn 3 er,ey
JR%e 1 i2£ltK d V £i^& in^ Ce - At the Price Cutter's.. 15c Here lB s^f ° th ° t ° iUt6 Silk . l^T^^ie^Siaitr ta^e.V.^^S^ec^Sii^S tKxaTt^ 'JKS£ij£2g t g&
*W |§g|g§g The Laundries Also Hare a Tr£ S ~>
TO THOSE WHO HAVE D O,E j^gSr^g^^VSi X^i* 'SZT" H ™—** M -*™»
Handmade Battenberg Work. SS"«S 01l S««SSB I1 SS5r 3BS Si andW beeves F^h "iS^i r t £it J ™ UWe at Uttle Pnces,
Here's a hand-made Battenberg MUCH. HO XROWIW& OB STAROK- fln iC at the nfck wKcS with a wide hand crochet lace yoke, in M .™= °°? D w^ *^* **?">• , DRESS SHIELD-N'ainsook covered,
scarf that you will appreciate when IHO- neck, with silk ribbon string. the wheel pattern. The largest 90c r ibb?d fMt hfar^ a «™ ?? " W i M «nd lined with «. vesetabla subrtancB:
you see the low price; 54 inches long So simple a child can wash them. TIGHTS— Kid-fitting tops ankle worth you ever got for 5Oc chilblains or on^'r^t' P Pr^.» «t or wa a^ b r l > : dl I H^, T 8 i Z o- OW **-;'X C
and 18 inches wide: in rings, leaves THE GUSTINA HENRY LADIES' length Price A garmen «1 OO «»r «», - «w chilblains or cold feet. Price.... 25c SHELL HAIRPINS— The crinkly
and criss-cross effect. Compare these DRAWERS— Made of fine knitted --IT. 1—J" J*J~Z*mm »«• WnmPti With Wf*nU TU • 11/ kind, four inches long, finely polished
with any $4 scarfs. Our price.. S2.75 fabric, swiss ribbed. French band, but- EXTRA-SIZED OABMEHTS TOB KKU/77C/7 W Iltl W e&K ftlM WOWetl tortoise . shell in looks, but not so In
"M,nn»hnhn" ZiltT^ *^e™*$l* c£3£t • W . iM^lIS^i Them. LlltlCS ¦ »»= ABE SOME STOCKINGS
-sl^. S™^Siii ™sA35E?is«s-"
Made of fancy crepe th«se. Our price A pair 25c Cd or muni: nrrnent" md! ttan -»r -i • f^t"? ®. Y'- and tlgrht flttIn *f- *«» fln»sh. double *^ a i^*,*"ir^,1^" rirt «nH w«v
J8T. /Iff fi'sf, x r t : ra in h^;r k . s "b k ,5 P hl Tve w n 1 & "S >^iA^%V«T£ l£ 1 ~^S^SS^& Large Women p||?f 1 o|^|.^I E B|&
gSSS US EkfS^.?™.S SK^HKfKSi^ a - E -^-°-ss. THiT iS«.SHS
Moth*™ Who Kno* u s Just Received Just Received Women «£"l\J£* k TiT*°J?"'ln'k''l.'°Si
YSSl^^^v.IS ££?%J2£L^J riEBS. (IT IS THE TXUVT BIBD- PLAWSELETTE OOWH8 Find they could not be without them. r*~+f~-4. f* r j. -Mack ebonized wood. Five different
I^Sa O /«™5| E CHIll3)llEWS uw " CAGE VEII..i That cause our competitors to wonder win ter or summer. LOlTlfOrt TOT QetltS widths of Tencriffe Wheels can be
D^?e°kn E ow E we r would make a lifelong SSSSSESlStaS i%° " I™ £" £%? £t™X & roV- HEBE'S ONE VEBT LOW IH PBIOE. THESE CmiT HIOHTS. "^eTktOV' " ' OR ' ' FOr'vD 1T?§§
friend of you. and "Dider web ef- ing collar, double yoke In the front Made of steam-shrunk striped flan- 'FLANNELETTE GOWNS — Deep COLLAP Made of chiffon* and
They are knit to fit. and fit for any f ec ts r ;il] chenille r^^^xSm and back. trimmed with colored nelette. finished with a deep flounce. rolling collars, pocket on the side, lib- featherbone* 'ii'DolntA.l o'r mnd ef-
child. dotted borders: 54 i%£ka&G@Sfn feather-stitched braid: very full in trimmed with wide torchon lace, deep eral in length and width. Pink, blue fects. Our' Drice Aoleca So
The Vests are high neck and long inches long" in black '-WNlv^fl^/ width and length. The price is very circular cut yoke. In pink, blue and and gray stripes. Price for Monday.. r \piece sc
sleeves, made of steam-shrunk wool, blue and brown In- \-7mk' tW'V Ught for a garment like this 75c gray stripes. Price naw 45c 45c ' /?,„ IA,/,,«« .„ C»,-//D-.»*
jersey knit. In gray or white. spect them and you ' v * i •/['•/ '' ' '* ' D '9 'OlUeS IP O/77G// rHPl.
PANTS to match, same quality as v'ill see how reason- * ' ITVEITTORY TIME VTII.T. HH
™«Hu h m a s I !L French band - »w« « «»• Pr!ce - - J w[ A Red Letter Day No More Rats! ' Fit lor a Queen. hebe shortly and we ram
•smaii ana itipoiuiii sizes * QO*t» *-* > • * • txtt* TXA'irT* t*c%£\ iuta w *r a tbtt\ gw»
-A garment .-,<><• °*' t - ' / IW BED AUTO OB WBZST BAGS. HO REED OF AST MOBS CATSI I HOT SAXIN& ANY- ___ . CHTE^S OM HAM HATOZSB-
Large sizes A garment THo " At+ontinn An Ea.tern manufac- JOE REVS PATENT THING ABOUT THE tow" PRirM m,v.
« • niienilOn turer sent us twice tho >*"^ DEVICE has done it. A ,y^n WAEMIH AND COM- »*K»^ oulck sell^,- a^d t^r, J&k
Our Eastem Buyer Dressmakers or thooe who make their amount we ordered, and f 1 new PATENT PUFF OH IZEE^ ISSL THEKE Is IN ?,& V the reason you will buv V^
- ¦ JVtL [rZJLJ n. mn own drewes. here ii soma alMUk chif- rather than have them I I POMPADOUR COMB. /^»^. THEM. { ¦ KSE ?/a them this war" >k
CAME ACROSS TWO fonf h and«ome embroidered, pat- sent back to him he I I Made of Italian shell. It LADIES' JAPANESE .fSTT^Jf /* L\D iV HWDkTB r^ fYAA
M& HUNDRED ODDS AHD terns, full 20 inches wide; in black or gave us a liberal dis- k^irtrf H i is made with a patent &r qk «!S COATS— Made in the lK-»^~ JW rwrrp Mafli. nf «t«!nV fK\fl \\ 1\
Y^T EHDS- OP WORSTED white; for waist, yoke or collar trim- count; and, of course. flgSTORHH oval top. with comb at- V Mikado Kingdom, but cut PV>--^fei t-" n , n #."Vt and narrow W>pl 1 \\
SHAWL, WHICH HE m intr. AVe bought them at Tan exceed- our patrons will get the JBbSBbSMAl. tached. and gives the after our own patterns. V^A.v^ h3* hV^l-itrh SnW-T »« 2-2Zm-^L
/-V;- s \vl. PDBCHASED AT A LOW injrly low price, nnrt of course, our benefit of it. Made in aSHgJBM— hair a neat and chic appearance. It Is Made of extra heavy i inipq-' " " ii'i vnvPR: ZV '/»
#&'¦•¦'» riQURE. SOME EAHD patrons will do likewise; J2 and $3 levant, mnrroco and sanitary, light and airy, but very low silk, wadded and quilted rHiFi'<i_Af s^ nf «h«r fe^-=.A^
£8fc\'i7V CBOCHET. OTHERS «,ualities will be. sold for Russian leather; chain In price for a new patent like this. throughout; tailor stitched, rolling col- lawn neat and narrow
l«S»J#f WO T EI 5 : SOmP u WUh f^ n u" A J' ar( i 81.50 anc1 leather handles; som« have coin People go miles to obtain one after lar; fastened down the front with mlli- hem" U ten with a "iiM h-mrt mi^
cy borders, others with purses, card cases and looking glasses onco using them. At the Price Cut- tary frog?. In different combination* initial Pri.o nana-maaa
""^^ fringe; some all wool. T ... ., . n t|/._,_- inside: others not. Come and see ter's 2uC of color, such as blue with red lining. "SlBte? KAJroKK^i;'Hiti'V«£IiftS2
blue, red and black. 10 We Up-tO-Uate Woman what his loss is and what your gain .. .. gray and pink, black and red. white and of D u7e Shamr^^i^ neft fr^ nit
Wholesale price. $7.00 a dozen. Our WE BEOOMMEHD *•"" be when you get one ofthem: • Comoare Our Values ' blue - and many others. No need to "ow hemsti^hed' $1 a dozen or
price, retail 5Oc -^ THIS WEOKWEAB. 75c quality 5Oc compare UUr Values , fear a cough or cold if you wear these. rOW n eraslItcnea . "" * dozen^ or. „.
Wholesale price. $9.00 a dozen. Our (Nk^V OVERCOLLAR A\n !J f« qUa l! ty * «- 8 3 c WITH THOBB OF OIKE* STOMSS -Price these elsewhere and then come *' GENTS'" " ' H \xbKERCHIEFS— FuU
price, retail 65ci TAB^Made o? India \\ H S Vv Sl-fe d W ?, are P^tive that you will buy to^us and you will see how reasonable ei^ E ' m l^ of heavy ifwn wHh^hlte
Wholesale price. $12.00 a dozen. Our /%&$£ silk with five rows of ' quality $1.25 here. Here are two lots of ribbons that we sell. Pnce ..«4.2o or colored hemstitched borders. Now
price, retail 75c "?^> beading and hearing- /, •, ,g • •" we will place on sale this week: • Apiece 5c
Wholesale price. J15.00 a dozen. Our >^ bone stitch trimmed. In ti00d Momma. LOT 1—90 pieces of all-silk import- WeWOUldLlketoPOStYOU &$ ~ ; 'Z^*~?£j''Ll' -'™
price, retail *1.OO pink. blue, white and" H l- E are some tAnras- bmth ed .^ TAF J^ A^ 5 IB < ?°» N> f °U r^ lnc i ies ABOTJT THESE OHILDBEH'S /fflK 1T TOU CAAB IO SAVB **O1TEY.
price, retail SI. -3 ot i^sfmhro^fry Iv ['the nw at an odd low price. LOT 11—150 pieces of ALAMO k^-^i-.m^ 6 "^"!^ *£' )Vi Lac//eS Kid GhveS,
• I-..T— »> »=" h.™. gggj^sSSi^^g iJSfi'SSj^ya^-^ffl.aiss KS w ,fit*SE A . I 5SSS B ii& b Sffi ?ES¥i- *r£"i fl ™--™»««««-i«,
MADB , ¦ Prlce oc with slides, others hard enamel ribbon width. In pink. blue, red, lemon. ! hl £ u S h ? * % a 8t ™"S l> Holiday time Is Rlove
Torchon Insertion « -r j *± U J buckles. Not one worth less than 25c lavender, also black and white. Instead twinea tape. -All aizes. ..l.c ' time and there is more J^^^Zl^S
„ . „ . . NO I rauinq OtampS, maOam, and some as IiIrIi as 50c; marked low of 40c. for a limited number of davs. . _ . ... c *, , demand for them then fc»r— «fel-5s5»
i^ 1 c O h m s O wfdef 1 made t 'or BUT $4.75 IHSTEAi O? $6.50. for a quick clearance ..Apiece Qc : EmbrOlderWS Opd^PSertlOnS. thw .^yUiinR^e^ We
"*****lY r* genuine lin«n thread; LADIES' PETTICOATS ggA — —— ¦>». — - - - ¦ __ __ Slightly soiled •' from- being displayed lines, that "is, odds and
sC*X^—^i4 <<"• different patterns to _ Made of guaranteed all- <^2- M M* 9 f» HH ¦¦ B Rl Rl M irt TUC or "? ardlcd - made on cambric and riain- Pn <5<, o f the good kind, which ws havs
A<ZZ5*§[*\ rhno:5(:> from: vlU be silk taffeta It has a deep l&dffl ||1 @ M 2 H I % B_ BJ UP EL 1 J I " int !5OOk in °P en -worH. blind and Irisn mnrked all to b- sold at on» prlc«.
fcZrSjCZS*' \ polrt for less than ma " taffeta, it has a deep E£5l\ |g gg B« B B I" iW K P K IQ nmni- A7i«i«.. M point patterns. AU'button hole edge; ji ade ot picked French kid. two patent
W3% rl# chine-made lace. The. accordion pleated flounce. Mfll |!|§b ililiirittOrrBll' PRflF-P TTPR from % inch to 15?lnches wide. clispV overseam stitching three rows
early bird will grab, trimmed with a ruffle, three g| | || || gj »¦ Bl WhlWbliyi iniUU UU II LM 10c quality now? He of embroidery on th* back; in srray,
10c. 15c and 20c inser- rows of tailor-stitched 0 iS 1 H ll n I • **> c quaMy . now. J)c tan. mode, black and white. If we
tion for ."»c bands, also dust ruffle. In B [R n | u § E QIC \Jt-*rVni- Cti-nnf fl n '*?-».-..,> 1 1 Ot- MM .»«. - Oc nuality now ;'. 1i!p have your size and the color here ls
SILK CHIFFON — French make. tan. blue, red, black and ©tfcJ+jg '^m' fffegW OlO lYIdrKet OLlCCt. II U rail 611 OtrCCt. 2hc quality now 1 ."%«• your opportunity to buy Jl and $1 25
hirh luster: 54 Inches wide; in black whit*-. Your full money's •— . - Oc qua ji ty now ;;."»c gloves for GOo
or white. '.-Now A yard «5c worth for 84.75 ¦ MAIL ORDEES SOLICITED. On Sale at the Bargain Couatar. Ayent for Sorosis Olo-vaa.
ADTrEBTIS-EMENTS. .
Solid Oak Chiffonier (as illustrated),
ti^^^^^^^ serpentine top 33x18 inches, 4 feet
| t^^^V^S^' 6 inches high. Five large roomy
[ f i-^^^^^W drawers, cast brass trimmings. A
E genuine bargain. Cannot be dupli-
cated in any other store for less than
For this week and while they last
l|glSlj|| 36>q35
! - We will celebrate the first anni-
M _ -j_ \ versary pi the opening; of our new
«*-— •^s* s{ore j anuar y 29. S5Q0.00 worth
of furniture and other useful articles given away. Watch
for further announcements.SAN JOSE. Jan. 16.— The San Jose' and
Santa Clara, Railway Ccmpany. has filed a no
tice that !t will move' for a new trial in the
damage suit recently won by Mrs. Marie Good
rich «nd her two" children, and mho' were
tfren a verdict for $17,000.
. VALL.EJO, Jan. 16i — The Trades and Labor
Council here has adopted resolutions calling
attention to the need of improvement in the
ferry service between Vallejo and Mare Isl
and and urging that action be taken Imme
diately to prevent possible disaster from over
crowding of steamers, . ,
In an article published in The Call
on December 30 it was stated that \V.
H. Clowry had' been arrested on sus
picion that he was a pickpocket.
Clowry was wanted in San Luis Obis
po on a charge which was afterward
proven to have been made without
foundation^.
Not a Suspicious Character.
"Let me see," mused the literary per
son, momentarily at a loss for a quo
tation, "how does that passage in.'HIa
tratha' run where the" — . .
"I'll play lr all for you," Interrupted
the Impulsive Young Thing, seating
herself at the piano, "and when I come
to it perhaps you will recognise it."
A moment later those frightfully fa
miliar strains vibrated on the suffering
atmosphere once more.— Chicago Trib
nse.
Preparations Ere in progress in
connection with the Protestant Epis
copal convention of the Diocese of
California, which begins its labors
Tuesday morning. Janusxy 25, in
Grace Church, California and Stock
ten streets.
A great diocesan missionary rally
will be held the first night, Tuesday,
in Trinity Church, Bush end Gough
streets. The committee in charge of
the special preparation consists of the
Rev. L. c. Sanford of St. John's, this
city, and the Rev. N. B. W. Gallwey of
Menlo Park-
At this mass meeting the hymns
will be rendered by the choirs, con
sisting of laO male voices of the vest
ed choir association. Before the con
vention will come the question as to
whether women will be allowed here
after u delegates. Lost year the
proposition wcjs carried on the last
day cf the convention by the close
vote of 21 to 20. Another vote is nec
esrary this year before the action can
be made final. ¦L^flUBBMHR
Protestant Episcopal Convention of
Diocese of California Begins Its
Labors Next Tuesday.
CLERGY LOOK FORWARD
TO VERY BUSY WEEK
Charles Jones, who resides at 3355
Mission street, fell from a Geary
street car at Baker and Geary streets
yesterday afternoon and sustained a
fracture of the right leg. The in
jured man was taken to the Park
Emergency Hospital, where the bone
was 3et and afterward removed' to the
City and County Hospital.
Falls From a Car.
Helen Mathey places a value of
55000 upon her affections in a suit
for breach of promise she filed yester
day against W. A. Whelan. She al
leges in her complaint that Whelan,
on September 11. asked her to become
his wife and that because of her
promise to do so she has ever siru-e
remained single. She says that De
cember 30 last she asked him to make
her Mrs. Whelan and that he refused
greatly to her humiliation.
Claims Whclan Broke Promise.
The Supreme Court yesterday af
firmed the Santa Cruz County Supe
rior Court . order sentencing Joseph
Teshara to life imprisonment for be
ing implicated in the murder of Gar
rett D. Loucks, a saloon-keeper. Man
ual Amaya is said to be the man that
actually killed Loucks. but Teshara
was present and encouraged his com
panion to commit the act.
Must Spend Life in Prison.
He — Did you notice that woman
who- Just passed? She — What. th«
one ¦ with the dyed hair and falsa
teeth and nasty ready made clothes
on. all tied up with ribbons and
things? Xo, I didn't notice her par
ticularly. — Punch.
Ramncers* Protective Union — PresUJsnt, C
M. Gillan; vice president. David Byrnes:
secretary. P. . Geraghty. treasurer. P. J.
O'Shca; guard. Peter ": Dtmphy; . delegate to
Labcr- Council. Colman Meacber; board o*
trustees. P. J. O'Shea. P# Geraghty and Col
man Meagher. .'* -
..^Officers .have been installed"^ in
unions* as follows:
¦ Elevator Operators* Union — President John
P Holt; vice-president. W. H.. Harrey; re
co'rdirs * secretary, F. M. Stnrgeon: financial
secretary, - E. B. Ring; treasurer. J. , A. Foa
tanel; ¦ sergeant at arms. John Cogalan; gutds.
William Dermody; business agent. A. ¦ E.
Field, executive committee. A. E. Field. G. M.
Ranty 'and J. W. Murphy; financial commit-
Shoe Repairers' Union — PresiCent. ,G. Scol
lard; vice pre.«id«nt. Georse Ludwig; corre
sponding secretary. J. Xashburn: financial sec
retary, F. Pederson; treasurer. J. O., Brown;
sergeant at arms, K. Anderson.
Officers have been elected to local
unions as follows: - .
Wine and Lifjuor Workers' Union Xo. 10.818
— President. Robert J. O'Reilly: rlc« president,
B. E. Whitney; financial secretary. Frank Fer
rler; record ln«- secretary, G. J. Jones: treas
urer. -.- Joneph Rloch: conductor, G. Cosselta:
warden, H. H'rschhaum: sereeant at arms,
R» Reinhaxdt; trustee. Charles- H. -Parrtah;
executive committee — H. Morris. E. E. Whit
ney, F. Ferrler. J." Rioch." M. Kars, • G. D.
Jones. R. Foley, H. N. Grimm: business agent.
Robert J. O'Reilly: delegates to the Labor
Council, Y. D. Gray and H. N. Grimm.
i Marb!e Workers' Union No. 44 — President.
W. .P. Casseila; vice president, ¦ T..' Hanlfln;
recording secretary. - T. Doyle; financial sec
retary, 1 J. Oadiran; treasurer. F. Mlllon: ser
geant at arms, J. Hogan; trustees — C. Lydon.
E. Coomber. J. Harrtaon.
Cornice Makers" Union . No. 104 — President,
James A. Doyle; rice president. Charles Mor
rison; recording secretary. Harry Gosten: finan
cial' secretary. H. A. Wlssing: treasurer.
Charles Frahm; warden, J. J. Creeley: conduc
tor. Alfred Ebbinjter: business ajrr.t. J. J.
Allen. .-. .• ."¦¦-¦ • :
Further nominations will be in or
der next Friday night, and the elec
tion will be held January 29.
Other unions have nominated of
ficers as follows:
Shoe Clerks' Vnicn No. 410— President. A. F.
Buennann; first vice president, F. O'Brien:
second vice president, W. J. Sanderson; treas
urer. J. B. Cunnimrhara; financial secretary.
E A. Levy; recording secretary, J. B. Krue
ger: inside guard, H. Bauer; outside guard. Z.
A. McLausnlln; trustte, A. Goldberr; dele
gates to ¦ Labor Council. J. K. Jones. Frank
Flaherty and J- B. Cunningham; delegates to
the. District Council of Clerks. Max E. Llcht.
H. V, Carter. T. W. Rankin, H. F. FleUch
rcann and Guy Wlndrein. •
President. George B. Benham and Ed Rosen
berg; vice president. M. W. Coffey and Rich
ard Cornelius; financial secretary, P. H. Coyle;
recording secretary and business acent. Rus
sell I. Wisler; treasurer, James A. Johnston;
sergeant at arms. A. M. Tledemann; trustees —
Charles Schuppert, Mlts Sarah Haran and
Thomas Finn; executive committee— Fred
Ruby, D. McLennan, J. D. Cunningham, J. J.
Furey. W. G. Burton. Miss Sarah Hasan. P.
L. Hoff, L. Rentelmann. J. B. Whllden. W.
P. Delanry. John McLaushlln. Herman May,
M. W. Coffey, J. V. Thompson and D. Olson:
organising- committee — T. E. Zant, C
E. Fisk. John Kean: .< law and les
iflathe committee — Walter Macarthor, Ru.
dolph Speck, M. Casey. John V.
Thompson. W. R Haeerty; label committee —
J. O. Walsh." J. J. O'Neill. A. M. Tiedemann.
John Kean. Henry Clemena. F. Flaherty. Miss
Sarah Hasan. Mrs. A. Koehl. Otto Schulcft.
J. A. Johnson. W. H. Stansbury. Alvln £l«r
vieski. A. Holce. .•
Work of Placing Men in Charge En
pages the Attention of Local
Organizations.
Local - unions that have not con
cluded their annual elections of of
ficers are actively preparing the tick
ets.- An election of more than ordin
ary importance is that of the San
Francisco 'Labor Council. For this
Important body the following named
have been placed In nomination:
Arrangements — Harry rt. McCarthy (chair
man). A. C. Kouard. D. F. Dougherty, H. A.
Schroder. Harry F. Logan.
Floor— II. M. Locke. J. S. Sullivan. George
"W Spiller M. J. Whelan. B. F. Ames Jr.. R.
S. Logan. J. C. Daly. William J. McGraw.
Thomas Mclntyre, L. Marks. George Ahrens,
A. Ramm, J. E. Welch, James I. Donahue,
Frack Tyrrell.
Reception — Louis E. Bolvln (chairman).
Frank E. Smith. Jchn Thompson. J. C. Mur
phy D A Cameron. H. Richards. Charles
Bevan H. J Thomas. F. W. Fahrenhol* C.
F Neil D. Stockwitz. J. F. O'Connor.
The grand march began shortly af
ter 9 o'clock and was led by Floor
Manager H. M. Lock and Mrs. Lock.
Several prominent officials of the
postoffice were among those present.
Following is a list of the committee In
charge of the ball:
Xative Sons' Ha^1 was gayly. decked
last night in honor of the Letter Car
riers* Mutual Aid Association, the
members of which gathered there
with their friends to make merry at
the fifteenth anniversary ball. The
affair was the most successful ever
given under ¦' the auspices of the asso
ciation and the committee in charge
is highly elated over the success of
the function. ...
Members and Friends of the 3Iutual
Aid Association Gather at^
Native Sons' Hall.
LETTER CARRIERS MAKE
3IERRY AT. ANXCAIJ BAIili
u^^o^"s nominate, euect
AM) INSTAIili OFFICERS
Electrical Workers' Xo\. « — President, George
F. Keatley; rice president. M. L. Cox: record-
Ing secretary. W. H." McConnell; financial sec
retary, A. Schunxnan; press secretary. Ed H.
Smith; treasurer. F. AllenCer; Inspectors, K.
Doyle and A. Richards.
tee. S. E. O'Tool. B«n Fisher ar.d William
Dermody; trustees, S. E. CTOol. P. W. Turney
and W. Owtnj; delegate* to BuUdtss Trades
Council. P. Ran«y, W. H. Harrey/Joha Cofh-
Ian and C. Warden. *
Cleaning and Dyeing Drirers' Union No. Ml
—President, E. A. Eddy: *1ce president. J. E.
Trewin: secretary- treasurer. A. Jl. Rcl; re
cording secretary. F. E. Hughes; trustees. C.
Webner. P. McMahon and P. Warner; dele
gate to Labor Council. A. A. Rot.
Coopers" Union No. 2S— President. TT. B.
Ch.irr.plca: vice president, M. J. Howard; re
cording secretary, W. E. Ferguson; financial
secretary, P. E. Anderson; sergeant at urns,
John Kiernan; treasurer. W. S. Randolph; re
porter. S. H. McGrath: statistician. J. E. Wil
kinson: guard. J. A. Strain: trustees. W. F.
Stanwood, George Kobich and James Kiernan.
Litnographers' Union No. 17 — President.
Charles Krieger; vice president. W. Ward;
financial secretary. O. O. Hart; recording sec
retary. R.. L. Olsen; treasurer. D. ..V. - Olsen;
CaUstifl&n. J. McOonnick: Inspector, C. Rol
lett; lnMde sentinel, J. Schultz; outside senti
nel. G. Strohle.
A number of courts in the immediate
vicinity have signified their intention
of attending the class initiation in or
der to witness how the work of the
new ritual, which only went into effect
on the first instant, is to be conferred
During his Etay In California the su
preme chief ranger will pay a number
of official visits, and the following is
his intinerary: January 22, at monster
initiation. San Francisco; 23d, grand
ball: 2?th, at Haywards; 25th, Stock
ton; 2ith. Sacramento: 2Sth, banquet in
San Francisco; 29th. Santa Rosa; 30th
Oakland: February 2. at meeting of
executive council of the Grand Court
San Francisco; 3d, at San Jose; 4th
Santa Cruz; 5th. Hollister; 6th. Monte
rey; Sth, Lompoc; 9th. Santa Barbara
11th, Los Angeles; 12th, San Diego'
From there he will visit courts in Ari
zona and New Mexico.
It is expected that there will be more
than SOuO people in the hall on the night
of the ball at the time the j?rand march
shall be started. From Indications this
will be ocp of the grandest events that
has»ever been arranged for this order
in this city.
GREAT CROWDS EXPECTED.
Reception— M. Harris. A. L. Eisner,
M. i\ Allman, J. L. Gallagher, J. A.
Bridgewood, If. J. ilaguire. M. Strul
saft. George H- Vincent, A. J. Glover,
George Daley. Nathan Schwartz, W.
C. Dennett. John T. Hayes, William
McDonald and P. Jacobson.
Floor— E. M. Ritter, D. P. Casey.
Charles Woodall, Herman Goetz, Syl
Shaben, S. Basker, Charles Priest F.
Zucker. A- Duffee. S. T. Bryer. V. E.
Stein. P. J. Gray. J. J. Harrington. L.
K. Hape-nkamp, E. C. Brehm and W.
F. Bacon.
All of the grand officers of the State
have been invited to be present. Su
prerr.e Chief Ranger J. T. Kelly of Jer
sey City, who left his home yesterday,
bound westward, will be in this city
in time to attend the class Initiation.
The following night he will attend the
Foresters' grand ball and on the even
ing cf January 2S he will be the guest
of honor at a banquet. At the close
of the ceremony of initiation the su
preme chief ranger will be asked to
proclaim the many candidates as mem
bers of the order and the several courts
in which they placed their applications.
Special arrangements have been madj
to conduct the supreme and the grand
officers into the hall on the night of
initiation under a special escort and
to receive them with the honor due
them by reason of their stations. On
the night following the initiation there
will De a srand ball at Eintracht Hall.
For this 10,000 invitations have bfcen
distributed. W. E. Fcley of Court In
dependence has been selected as floor
director and W. J. Donlan of Court
Presidio assistant. The following are
the other committees selected to have
charge of this affair: .
GRAND OFFICERS INVITED.
Next Friday night there will be a
monster Initiation in Elntracht- Hall,
cm Twelfth street, near Folsom, by the
fourty-four local courts of the For
esters of America, which already has
a membership in this city of 7000, un
der the auspices of a general commit
tee composed of three members from
each court and directed by an execu
tive committee composed of E. R. Zion,
Court Palo Alto; T. J. Emery, Court
Sunflower; T. E. Gibbons. Court El Do
rado; Daniel Teare, Court Robin Hood;
Jchn G. Chase, Court Columbia; Charles
Goldberg, Court Golden Gate; T. B.
Goodwin, Court Eclipse; J.' L. Galla
gher, Court Seal Rc-ck; V.*. E. Foley,
Court Independence, and W. A. Mc-
Dowell, Court James G. Blaine.
There will be between 350 and 400
candidates to receive the degree which
was recently adopted by the Supreme
Court of the order and which Is known
as the '•Indian." or "long form." This
will be conferred by a team composed
of S. T. Bryer of Court Palo Alto as
chief ranger. George Beban of Court
San Francisco as sub-chief ranger,
Daniel Teare of Court Robin Hood, one
of the_ grand trustees, as junior past
chief ranger; Thomas Dinan of Court
San Francisco as senior woodward,
Thomas Tully of Court Columbia as
Junior woodward, Alvin Maass of Court
El Dorado as senior beadle, John G.
Chase of Court Columbia as junior bea
dle, a member of Court Sutro Heights,
as ministerfeff angel, and M. Barruth
as captain of the guard, with a host of
soldiers and Indians.
Six men have been discharged from
Troop A, cavalry, three on account of
removal and three for good of the ser
vice.
Drills have been resumed in the naval
militia all along the line from Eureka
to San Diego. At this port the men are
drilled every Tuesday on board the
Marlon.
The officers are continuing their les
sons in navigation under the instruc
tion of Lieutenant John T. McMillan,
U. S. N., detailed for duty at the hy
droRraphW^offlce In this city. Captain
George W. 'Bauer, commanding the
militia, is making arrangements to>
have the officers take a cruise on the
United States transport Slocum for the
purpose of putting into practical effect
the lessons that have been Imparted
to them by their Instruction. They will
go on a short cruise outside the heads
to enable them to demonstrate their
proficiency in navigation.
The commissioned officers of the mili
tia at this port are arranging a recep
tion to be tendered .on board the
Marlon to the officers of the National
Guard of California on February 22.
E. J. Lewis of Los Angeles has been
appointed as the naval representative
of the guard on the staff of the com
mander in chief, with the rank of com
mander.
Elections will. shortly be held In the
division at San Diego to fill vacancies
created by expirations of term. An elec
tion has been ordered In the division at
Santa Barbara for. leiutenant, vice
Smith, resigned.
ELECTION* AT SAX RAFAEL.
Major Haven, Fifth Infantry, will
preside at an election to be held In the
armory of Company D, San Rafael,
January 22, for first and second lieu
tenants, vice Smith and Hawkins,
whose terms will expire February 24.
In the signal corps, Second Brigade,
Private G. Bray has been promoted
corporal, vice E. R. Bacon; Corporal G.
W. Miller promoted quartermaster ser
geant, vice W. P. Garfleld, transferred.
Private Frank T. Brown has at his
own request been transferred from Bat
tery A. First Artillery, to Company A,
Fifth Infantry*.
All of the appointees have been con
nected with the National Guard of # thi»
State for many years, and Major Camp
bell, the signal officer, during the Span
ish-American war was in service as
lieutenant in the First United States
Volunteer Signal Corps in the Philip
pines. He retired from that service
with the rank of captain.
Captain' P. L. Bush, aid de camp. Sec
and Brigade, has been directed to pre
side at an election for captain of Bat
tery A, First Artillery, vice Varney,
resigned, to be held January 25.
The inspection of the various organ- {
izatiess of the National Guard of the j
State of California, which was to have
been commenced during the early part
of last week by Colonel Thomas Wil
helm, U. S. A., were Interfered with
by the action of the War Department. !
Tills action was due. to the reorgan- j
ization of the Department of the Pa- J
cific, the rules governing which went ¦
into effect last Friday. .Under the proi ;
visions (d the rules the United States J
inspector/'of the National Guard will j
have to report to the division comman- j
der. General MacArthur. for orders, j
The inspections must be completed by
May 1. and the reports forwarded to j
Washington, through the division com
mander, not later than June 1. It is
expected that the inspections will com- j
mence during the current week. The ,
organizations to be inspected are the
signal corps, four batteries of coast ¦
artillery, four troops of cavalry, forty- j
seven companies of infantry and one
company of Veteran Reserves. j
The War Department at Washing
ton is responsible for the peculiar con- }
dition of affairs by which the various
organizations of the State were fur- ¦
nished with Krag-Jorgenson rifles, but
not with belts and ammunition. It ap
pears that the department, after order
ing the distribution of the new arms
to the guard, issued an order setting j
aside that part of the former order ,
relative to furnishing Webb belts far ;
holding cartridges for the reason that
it desired to furnish a new style or
belt with " "pocket holders" for car
tridges instead of the old-style belt 1
with "thimble holders. 1 * An order has j
been issued to furnish California. oOOO
of these belts, together with the re- {
quisite amount of ammunition. This j
will be dcr.e within a. short time. \
At various times during the last six t
months efforts have been made by in- •
spectors and officers high in the ranks
to inculcate the necessity of neatness
In appearance.,
REGULATION CUT PREVAILS.
There was a proposition to issue to j
the "non-coms" and the men cut but j
unmade uniform coats and to give such j
officers and men the option ef having <
them made up according to "regulation :
sizes" or of taking the goods and hav- ;
ing the same at a small cost, at their
own expense, made to fit by any tailor j
they misht select. But, by the votes' s
of the majority, the motion of Colonel
WUhelm to that effect was lost. A .
great many of the members of the j
guard who expressed themselves as j
willing to have c6ats made up to fit j
at their own expense will be dlsap- j
pointed.
Brigadier General Robert Wankow
skl, commanding the First Brigade, has
appointed the following named as the
members of the brlgsftie staff: Arthur
W. Bradbury, lieutenant colonel and
assistant general; James J. Choate,
lieutenant colonel and surgeon; Oscar
Lawlor, major and Judge advocate;
William. D." Stephens, major and com
missary; James H. Campbell, major
and inspector; George E. Lawrance.
major and signal officer; John W. A.
Qff. major and quartermaster; John H.
Dockweiler. major and engineer officer;
Terrell B. Thomas, major and Inspector
of rifle nractice.
Three Hundred and Fifty Stran
gers to Be Instructed in For
estry aud Ball Will Follow
Officers of the Naval Militia
"Will Study Navigation on
Board the Transport Slocum
WANKOWSKI NA3IES STAFF!
SUPBEME ' CHIEF COMING
War Department Holds Up the ;
Belts end Ammunition In
to uded for National Guard j
American Order - in ' This City
Preparing 1 for Fraternal and
Social EventinEintracht Hail
INSPECTIONS
ARE DELAYED
BIG. INITIATION
BY FORESTERS
THE SAN .FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1901
29
. FILAGERS .:./, | . JPKAGERS; V . - .^.V | ' \ PRAGERS | PRAGEKS
(^^BS^p^^ttiB^BSHBKSjSB3BiBR^Ffl^iFTyi?^p^ffffisz?yfflHB35B[^jHflBBB3sfflSB^BBHIBfiBBB^BBBB V y *^ PCrfSyj^^
¦.--/_-¦-¦ ... , .-.•.- ; ' ¦. ____J_il_j-J --..-¦-¦-. - _^ I
j^GresnYTradinj Stamps Civeiv I . . : : ifc^l^dkLl ' ,' " I Creen.Traaiag Stamas CLvenil
Final Week of White Sale ¦ " J| jS j^,-*^ ' jJ) % Some New Suggestions m
and Some Redactions in ; Q^^W^M '^^Ilj lO^ Domestic and Wash Goods
Women's and Children's /S%S '% M^ Are Made Here That Are
Flannel Underwear. CIL' "^_Jr &¦£&?- ExtraordinariiyAttractive I
THE cold weather has ALWAYS RELIABLE V T* HE final week of. the j
made it necessary to JS9 . • . . . 3 ,,.,. o . r ., ,
u a' && 1OQQ, i ora ivyr a "r»TrT7"T« c?t» at I " lte - a ' e nnc - us ready
m - wear heaver undergar- J* 1^38* 12 50 MARKET ST. ££*¦ * with new offers. Two !
2ASJin?t rS ° meSpe " ! ' ' ¦'¦, • ' ;•¦ '• i . - • ' " — — — — ¦* lines of >vash goods have been
ciai inducement to our cus- • • • - • •* : J«. — ».« «'«* « • . v r « <
r e b rs tT have bt ken bT meo d Introduction to Some Bl S Values in Sffig?&^g.^j
rl^Zlf^sZs Men^s, Women^s and Chfldre^s Shoes
of pretty undergarments, are ¦ \ 9 . ¦ •• • " ¦.-•-. ~ ~ partment from time to time are '
now read> lor this great sale. ¥ T is our policy to give every advantage when a" new shipment ec H pse( j those we will have-
WOMEN'S FLANNEL WEAR. | : or special reduction is made on any of our stock. . And one of re " a <j v Mondav
?KIRTS-^Oe--Made of heavy the leading features of to-morrow's sale will be— shoes. We CASHMERE— 13c a vard— 40-
broid^d^S^oiors^oinS and hav e'secu"red a-great many new lines^ that are not; carried by any inch cream cashmere: makes ooj
blue. Reduced from 75c Vt : \ other store in this cit>% and to-morrow you -will have a chance to in *o the daintiest dresses, waists,
GOWNS — *l.oo — Made of buy them. Special prices, have been made for this introductory 'VpHVPHNrHAV^i^o
heavy fancy striped flannelette with sa l e : ; a ZE J H J R GINGHAMS— l-54c
collar and cuffs of olain color- & ' ". * a yard — New zephyr jonEhams; all
trimmed with fancy braid ' MEN'S— 4p2.25— Patent colt skin shoes and Oxfords; matt tops, Good- new stripes, checks, etc.: also. a fell
INFANTS' AND MISSES' year welt, extension soles and all the latest toes; reduced from ' S.too and line of colors, which are warranted,
pi Auwn «/r^i^T Is SO- An exceptional bargain. . «'*-
FLANNEL WEAR. ' $2.23— Full line of men's box calf and vici kid shoes; medium and TOWELS — 25c each — Lartre
KIMONAS — 25e — Made of h€avy soles; Goodyear welt. Resrular $3.00 and $3.50 shoe. linen fringed damask towels with
fancy striped flannel, trimmed with GIRLS'— $1.OO— Vici kid shoes: lace, kid tops, medium weiaht soles, pretty red or blue borders: size 2a *
band of plain colors to match. A spring heels and coin toes; sizes nY 2 -to 5%. Worth $1.50 and $2.00. by 45 inches. Regular 40c values,
rare bargain. - BOYS'— 91*15— School shoes: satin calf lace; heavy extension soles; BLANKETS — The heaviest anrf ,
SKIRTS— 45c— Made of oink solid leather insoles and counters: sizes n# to 2. $1.25— Sizes '2 l A to best California wool blankets: just!
and white and blue and white 5 '.4. the thing for this cold weather. /
striped tcasledown finished with WOMEN'S— $1.25 — Box calf and vici kid shoes. These have been 10-4 $4.OO 12-4. . .$5.50
silk embroidered ruffle. reduced from and $3.50. , .'-:, • ' 14-4 97»5O
End of Season Phenomenal ValtteS hi - Boys' Clothing That Will
Attractions in Women's _¦ . ¦ . ' — Astonish Parents When,
Cloak and Suit, Dep't,. Men S SmtS alia OverCOfltS. Its Worth Is Seen. *
EVERY day adds bigger T™* VERY suit and overcoat in our immense stock of the new- \ m /E are makin^ an effort'
values in {his popular J"j est winter styles can be had beginning to-morrow at the \A/ to close this^most sue-'
. section of the store. one price of $13.75. No change in the price tags has been * J cessful white sale with
Suits that sold a month ago made, so that the values can be seen at once. Don't miss this a great flourish in values of
for $20.00, $25.00 and $30.00 grand opportunity. boys' clothing. Some new
can now be had at one-half. SUITS * n n ' es are a l rca{ jy here from
SUITS— ?9.95, $12.45 and (P H fP K, . F>ne black Thibet or unfinished worsted sack suits: the manufacturers, and we
.514.»r._All made of stylish mix- 3l I \J.£ J single or double breasted styles; finished with the h fc occasion to
tures, cheviots and broadcloths- a%^ # * *^ best serge linings and han"3 made thronjrhont. Sold nave iaKen ims occas.on 10
coats' are Ion R . medium Sd . 'short! regularly at $18.00 .- ; . . give an early opportunity for
blouse or Eton; both walkinz All the newest shades in tobacco brown and snuff colored cheviots and the new Stvles.
length and train skirts. They have Scotches; single and double breasted styles. The coats have that broad SUITS — $4.5O_ Three - piece
been selling right alonjf at more shoulder effect, also the narrow lapels that jire- so popular at present; big knee pantssu i t3 raa deof oure
than double the price. variety of colorings to select from. Worth $20.00. woo j mate rials and manufactured
SKIRTS— $2.35_Skirts made OVERCOATS v by the best tailors in this country;
of fancy mixtures; seven crore flare. VH % *± Mp Fancy Scotch tweed overcoats cut 44 to SO inches ages g to 16 years. Regular $.;.oo
Regular $5.00 values. Jj^ 1 f *> lone: neat and pretty patterns; all hand made and fin- and $6.00 values.
COATS — Sfl4.i>Ti — Silk coats: H? • *^.*. ished with heavy ribbed serge linings. Sold resrularly 97.00 — All wool lone pants
many styles in this lot made of at $17.50 and $20.00. . suits; single or double breasted |
peau de soie and taffeta: some are • Fine. black' Thibets and Oxfords in 5c^inch coats; all hand made and coats; made after the latest fash- |
most beautifully trimmed. Re- finis.hcd'with serge linings and Skinner satin sleeve linings; some have cuffs ion; ages 12 to ig years. Worth
duced from $30.00. . on sleeves and slashed pockets; others are plain. Worth $20.00. $5.oo and $9.00 a suit.
Go-Carts Now Here. Embroidery Sole. Great Dress Goods Special
WE have just added a T _ . «._,•¦ T~~i t. v. nPO-MORROW we will
full line of babies' eo- /\ newest embroideries at the low prices that have I inaugurate a great dress
carts. Every style is i\ ma(^ e l^ s store headquarters for them will be on our coun- goods special, one of
represented and the most pop- ters ready- for shoppers to-morfow. the first of its kind— when
ular prices have been marked " c a y art * — Fine cambric and lawn embroidery edgings and insertions; nothing out of the newest tex-
Thev wilfbe found in our * also fancy galloon beadings. Regular 10c and. 15c values. ; tures and colorings will be
iney \\111 pe iouna in our spa- lOc a yard— Fine cambric edjrmgs and insertions; 4 to o inches wide. l -p*, nr : rr t hav. h<*m
cious basement. ., ' Regular 20c values. " . .... ..- Y j ¦ P n f
ioW^ • , , ¦ • . 14c a yard— Cambric and nainsook edgings and insertions; 5 to marked unusually low.
J^. , o— Green enameled eeannz J2 ; nchcs wide; al| the htcs% desiRns> Worth 25c a yard. .' \- ]¦¦ »Sc a yard— 44-inch black and'
witn springs, steel tire tnnnned 16c a yard— Swiss nainsook and cambric edgings and insertions to navy, alpaca; the regular qual-
wneels and perforated back. ~ match;, sell regularly at .isc a yard. This lot consists of the most beautiful ity. Special for Monday only.
$5.5O — Green enameled eearine designs. -* . 6Oc a , yard — Striped alpaca in
with springs; reclining weed back I lOc a yard — Handsomest- line of fine nainsook, Swiss and cambric edg- .solid colors^of black and navy with j
with patent adjustment and patent incs and insertions to matchL widths 4}4 to 10 inches. These embroideries white hair-line stripes.. Sold regu-
extension seat. are worth 50c, 75c up to $1.2? a yard. Excellent values. larly at 75c a yard.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Has science -solved the Droblem at last tad
rotbtd nature of- her necret? Ths above illus-
tration to that of an expert '.ryln* to discern
iho ' difference between the . zenuine and that
phenomenal imitation, the Snpph- Diamond.
The Sapph-DIainond 1b so near a fac simile
of the real that It cannot be classed with any
former effort of science. Demonstrated and
sold side by sid» with the genuine. Never sold
under electric lights. . .
. -This Ken is cut same as the genuine, pos-
¦tftsinc a hardness which is a guarantee of the
retention of its volume of prismatic flre and
brilliancy.
Genuine Diamonds at Eastern^ prices.
Largest stocS of Hungarian and Austral
cpals on ths • Pacific Ccast. World's greatest
'diamond imitator. ; - * - v
y. C. DAVIDSON,
• Y3nly.cn* store on ths Pacific Coaat. .
J24iKearny Stneetf;
' £«nd etamj for catalogue ' . .
GBAPE-NUTS.
THE WAY OUT.*
What to Do When Food Don't Agree.
When food don't agree sensible folks
make a change.
VThere all others fall Grape-Nuts, be-
! ing predigested and all nourishment,
succeeds, usually from the first trial.
A lady of Washington says: "My
baby, 19 months old. had never seen a
well day In her life. She had, suffered
I from indigestion from the time of her
j birth and It seemed impossible to find
[ any food to agree with her. She could
j keep almost nothing on her stomach
I and her bowels were In Buch a constl-
• pated condition she suffered a great
; deal.
"It was then that I tried Grape-Nuts
j for her, steeping It thoroughly and
¦ straining it, putting a small portion In
i each feeding, and It worked like a
i charm. She began . to improve Imme-
, dip.tely and gained half a pound the
first week.
"Baby got her indigestion from, me,
for my digestive organs have always
been weak. I rely on Grape-Nuts for
most of my. tpod, for there are times
when I can eat nothing else, at all but
Grape-Nuts. I am steadily improving,
and kne/w it wift entirely cure me In
time. I never have 'that tired feeling'
any more. I eat Grape- Nuts and I
feel Its effects in improved mental
strength very forcibly." Name given
by Postum Co., Battle Creek. Mich.
Look in each package for a copy of
the famous little book, "The Road to
Wellvllle."
DO YOU I
WANT SOMETHING? \
In the "Want Ad. Columns To- :
Day you will find inquiry about:
Mala Kelp "Wanted. ,-
Situations "W anted. <
Fenale Help Wasted.
Agents "Wasted. {"' J
Honey Wanted. ' ' I
aConty to Xiotn. . »-- »3>
Puraltura fer S»la. *;
Bousekeapiag' Boosos to 1,9%. <
rursiihed XSooms to X.et. ';
rnralihed Booms for Sals. ?$
romlshed Booses for Beat. i
Pnmlshad Honses for Sals. . >
Seal Bstate, Stc, Etc, Etc. $
• Call Readers will find something ?
of interest In the Want AdL Col- ?
umns. 2
These little Ads. will not only J
prove of Interest to those out of y
work, but to those desiring to lm- ?
prove their positions 'as welL <*
t
ADVXETISSHEXTS. j
I Save
- Weak iVien.
I Have Discovered the Marvelous
Secret cf Perpetual Youth and
Undying Manly Vigor and I
Give It to You Free.
My *T£t=rio;ii Conposad StsrUri tie Wcrld
Witi M Wordtrfal Osrcs - "With TMj
I«Ia:relo2j f e«r*S i'o M?n C» Grow
Old ari .4 is £y Kiss : ca oa ISuih
$cre:f jrth to Brisj Ail Jadtd,
Wcn-Cct ifca tj Ti^
Fccit&ia cf Ycuth
Sea: ITo SCeser— Sinplj Seal Toir 5tne &zi
Ac dress rtd Ttia C.cpczni
Will Ee Seat Yea bj i etara iaU,
Pr-piid and Abr:kle!y ?r«:.
I have discovered the marvelous se-
cret cf perpetual life and vigor ia men.
To me it has been given to brir.sr to the
fallen, weary, worn-out brothers the
kccmie<3?e of this priceless boon, and
«ven to the uttermost ends cf the earth
I eend my message of lore and peace
and hox>e and help. Unbelievers may •
¦coff and cry "fake." but I heed them j
not. My work haa Just begun an<f I am \
earing men.
Tfce secret cf this mighty healing '
Power, this vital life epark. this mar- t
veleus tonic fluid is known to me alone, j
.' ' '<¦¦' ¦"•*(¦" "'"^-''Ij * ' vVkSBBB
BTTiirTTi i fiStL ?/\\- v^
"17 -1 X£&s Zi Lcit — Ttere If a Sort Cor*
fcr Trtry Weak Slaa." — Dr. Perrls.
It is mine to give to whom I will and
my work* go before me. Doubt not!
I ack no man to believe me, but I give
to every weak man fre«- this priceless
boc-n artd it restores him instantly to
the Ptrenjr.h ar.d powerful vigor of
ycuth. vriiii this marvelous, mysterious
con-.pour.d. which I have discovered
only after a lifetime devoted to search
ihr«Ti = h all the realms of science, and
the trch'.vrs cf the ancients, it Is po««i-
b> for pvery weak man to have for his
¦ the ::]o'-icvts rr.anly porrer. the un-
tlinr vltor and the long life of the
patrtarch* of Bible times. With this
¦¦: ft- ::•••.:» cempound no weak man
•• # r arain X>€ troubled with Imp:-
t-:-.. «. "v;-al losses, nightly emirs Ions.
rr>: ¦ r."r.*zcrrhr-a. varicotele, prerr.atur-
nive power or lack of vital
enrrty.
P*:id TT-.e no monej*. It Is my duty,
j-viKcd by an I'nse-n Hand— it is my i
•;-.:.<-<;n m earth — my life work— to lift
cp «hc failcr. heal the T\eak and cure
the maimed or undeveloped; ard to ev-
ery man who has lost his vital power ;
riT finds it waninz. I send my message
of love and pea.ee and health. I can
save h5m .ind 1 will save him and re-
ctore him to many years of happiness
and the liaDetuoas vitality and vigor-
ous manhood of perfect health and '
ycuth.
Betneniber, it matters not how old
you are; it matters not how you lost
your manhood, or when you lost'it. It
matters not what doctors or scoffers
eay. This is no ordinary drug or slim- i
tilating' method cf treatment, but It is i
the vital ?rark of life itself, and it j
matters r.ot how many remedies and
doctors have failed, I have repeatedly ;
and instantly renewed the youth of old :
men. My secret compound never fails, i
I have often instilled into jaded men !
new vitality, health ar.d strength. For I
worn-out men I have oft kindled. In an ;
Instant, and to stay, the sparkling M- j
ta'ity of youth. Write to me to-day I
And tell me in strictest confidence all !
eJscut your case. My private address :
Is Dr. C. Sargent Ferris, S68 Slra-.vn •
buildinp, Cleveland, Ohio, and I urge :
every weak man to ccme to me. for I j
will give him undyicg strength, the ru- |
preme jcy and happiness of perfect I
manliness. My wendrous discovery has j
startled the trorld by its miraculous el- !
fects, yet I s^ek not fame nor glory. It I
suffices me if I may be the humble in- j
etrumert of Nature's trreatest power Ia !
bringing all men into the enjoyment of j
their true manliness and I do It free. ¦
In the time allotted to me here on
earth I Ehall do all that in my power
lies to give my fellow men the benefit of •
this great secret and my reward shall ;
be in the knowledge that I have done i
unto others "as I would that others |
should fio urto me. •
' AD VEBTTSETVrFTrja. r^_ j
H J^<^S%Jff l *^S^fev A MUJLION TTRATfTKV, MAWT.Y H
U /^^^^^S^TCQ^ AMERICAN MEN.fathers of fam- ||
3 ,4ar* Hies, business men, statesmen, ffi
0 0§rtV|gY v mochajiic», fanners, lawyers, min- K
H J§r fflk»|fflK' Isters.doctorg.bookkeepers.baak- N
&2ftv .^^ ers » sailors, soldiers, trayelicff H
If W~& r »^^fT ealofimen, railroaders, laboring 9
a xri "^•"^x wrtW, I men, men in every -walk of life, ia M
9 k5*w ~L x Jb/J every line of activity, keep their m
1 W^^lr^s-T^ %J bowels regular with CASOAR- 3
3 R^f^.1 ¥v S^H ETS Candy Cathartic. They tell 9
3 lii&iaS£S x 4M / l£ other men about the wonderful a
&..-„.. »«ilg*SB«iy P merit of this wonderful little tab- tj
", mall ff&r*^S!} + 1 let. They fake OASO ABETS homo «
a ««• Ear S L to their wivea and families. The |f
All J&i. consaquence is a sale of OVER A H
ftgamdr' MILLION BOXES A f MONTH I]
*l Jr*iet^ .^^ made by merit and appreciation. H
I J&tHMgl .S -^ naan "who keeps his bowels regular p
I ><S^^&W .^r "with OASCARETS, can keep strong and M
S <&&g&«&r%^^ healthy even without much exercise, for when «
a the bowels are regrolar and the diyestion strong n
a &%r 2$r tho ey 0^ 121 * s sa^° and ni^aclea, brain and S
£&Y £r nerves will have Inexhaustible elasticity and lifa. g
3 W Jr All druawlsts.lOc 25c. 60c, Never soldia bulk. The sron- M
H - f gf His* t4out Btaiap«d CCC. 6arnple and booklet Cree. ' \
a m- ff Addresa Sterling Bemedy Co, Chicago or New York. - fj
I A^^UAL SALE~TE*y KULLS^^J BOXES %
i . Greatest In the WoHd _ \_ g sjTownsend'a California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound. In artistic flre
etched boxes. A, nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bldg •
Special Information supplied daily 'to '
bueino* houses and public men by the
Pr«s* Clipping Burep.u (Allan's); 230 Call- 1
fornia tared. Telephone Main IOC • I
don pattern. ) ' . ' ;¦ ' ¦
It is no mean critic who is authorized to fill a column
of space on the editorial page of the Mail. He writes of
Patti as the chief* star of the firmament of song. Her
concert drew an audience that filled the vast audi
torium of Albert 'Hall.' and fMerry says that neither "Pad
erewski, Kubelik and his Countess, or even Melba" could
do that. He adds:
"The Patti concert is a banquet of superfluities. , The
grand organ, a Wagner overture by,- full' orchestra, a
famous violinist, a noted pianist, and other eminent^vo
caiists— all simply padding to fill up the spaces between
two chief performers. When the moment has arrived a
low murmur begins in a. distinct corner of_ the hall\ and
swells like the roaring of surf. Then steps, forward a
little "woman, youthful, active,, self-possessed— it is- Patti.
The orchestra begins — and a hush greets the opening
notes of Mozart's 'Ba(ti, Batti.'" '
With the fervor of the faith of a true enthusiast,
"If you have, not heard .the Patti voice before you, mny
WE have had Patti's farewell concerts. We have
seen her, we have heard her; and in addition we
have dulv listened and heard comments noon her
by all our local writers and talkers. The enthusiast
and the cynic, the gentle amateur and the Sir Oracle of
criticism, the veteran who heard her in her prime a hun
dred times, the youth who never heard her before; the
man who strives to say the true thing and the man who
prefers to say'the bright one, all have had their chance
to talk and they have thoroughly used it.
We have thus heard in full the voice of San Francisco
on the Patti of to-day, and it has been a -confused, voice,
a repetition as it were of the babble of the multitudinous
seas. , Now this Sunday morning in the first moment of
calm that comes after the chatter that broke forth over
her person and her singing, it may serve as an instruc
tion as well as an amusement to learn what London
thinks of Patti. and thus have the benefit of measuring
our judgment by the standard of th^t of the critics. of
the gray old city where Edward is King, where our
Kirls go to get Dukes, our dudes to get trousers, and our
men and women of genius to get a recognition denied
them at home.
Among "our London exchanges just received is a copy
of the Daily Mail containing in the place of honor on
the editorial page a column article by Frank Merry on
Patti's appearance at a concert at Albert Hall. Read at
th'.s moment in this city, it appears indeed a frank, merry
criticism, for it gives the gay ha-ha to many an aspiring
critic who would doubtless like his musical judgment as
well as his trousers to be deemed true to the latest Lon-
LONDON'S VIEW OF PATTI.
Excitement in a mild form has ruled at the Presidio
for several days because of certain experiments being
made in reference to the adaptability of a new hash to
the seasoned stomachs of Uncle Sam's fighting men.
The hash has been administered in measurable quantities
and nobody has died. It is safe to announce, therefore,
that our troops have once more met the .enemy an'd vic
tory, even without internal disturbances, is ours.
. Elephants differ greatly in disposi
tion and in capacity. Some are intel
ligent, others dull and senseless; some
*re brave, others are cowardly. After
I somewhat extensive acquaintance
R-ith the elephant I have modified my
ideas considerably regarding his gen
eral sagacity. This has been very
much exaggerated. There is no rule
by which you can calculate before
hand what an elephant will do. If
he is taken by surpris* his first Im
pulse will be to run, but if he Is
tware of your presence he may charge
apon you like fury Incarnate. Hi3
sense of hearing and sight are not
good, but his sense of smell is keenly
developed. And notwithstanding this
Veen sense of smell. I have been so
;lose as almost to touch them. Yet
rhen he is on the alert after being
wounded one cannot get within shoot
ing distance without great dancer.
Then It is perilous work, as he smells
Setter at a distance than close up.
I have crouched behind bushes or ant
hills on the plains where I could see
them * ell 200 or 300 yards off. When
they got my scent they would lift up
their trunks horizontally and turn
them about, then give a snort and a
trumpet blast and start off. It seems
that an elephant cannot smell well
vith his trunk down. On the other
nand. he cannot stretch his probiscis
out straight, as is often seen In cur
rent pictures, as it is a physical im
possibility.
The butt ends of the tusks are Just
behind the eyes. The under lobe of
? he proboscis is almost a*: long as the
upper, and the ears of the large Afri
can elephant are elliptical, not point
ed. An African elephant with a point
ed car is exceptional and belongs to
6 Err.Rll species-
The beginning: of the rainy season
1b tht» b««st time to hunt the elephant.
The* ground is :ic- soft so an to track
It has generally been supposed that
when an animal is shot in the heart
he dies instantly; but I have si Jt buf
falo, deer and wild boards in the heart
that have run a hundred yards. I once
shot a wild boar In the ham and the
ball ran the whole length of his body,
coming out at his breast, and piercing
his heart, as I discovered when he was
cut up. Yet, notwithstanding that the
heart was torn to pieces by the bat
tered ball, he ran over a hundred yards
before he (ell.
dephant hunting is a profession
which is as difficult to learn and re
quires as severe a course of training
as the acquiring of a university degree.
If one is fortunate enough to get
through the whole course without be
ins; ki'.'ed h«> will come to a position
where dancer is reduced to a mini
mum. But at first it is uphill busi
ness. For the first eighteen months I
lost some two-thirds of the animals
sfter they had b«»»n mortally wounded.
An elephant when wounded will often
Travel ten or f ft<*en miles an hour, and
may go a hundred miles before dying.
Even when struck through the heart
with a heavy ball th«*y -.-ill go for 300
yards.
Elephant hunting is of all occupa
tions in Africa the most Interesting,
dangerous and profitable. The natives
almost worship the successful elephant
hunter. His renown precedes him, and
he is welcomed in places inaccessible
to the ordinary explorer. The flesh of
the elephant furnishes him with the
means of living; and in some localities
it is wc-rth more than the tusks.
BT WILLIAM STAMPS CHERRY.
[African Traveler. Explorer and Big Game
Hunter.]
• I'opjrirht, 1904. by Josrph P. Bowie*.)
Most people imagine that tiger or
lien hunting is far more dangerous
than hunting the elephant. They know
more about thes»* catlike beasts, whose
ferocity, cunning and courage are
proverbial.
Few know what a mad elephant
means, or that the elephant can be
as mad to the square inch of surface
R5 the lion or tiger. The average ob
server thinks the elephant awkward
or clurr.sy— a great mistake; but his
knee joints, boins so low in the front
legs and so high in the back, give him
a motion so unusual that to one un
familiar with hi? appearance he looks
Ftiff legged. Critical observation will
show that a lion or does not
handle himsplf with greater ease or
precision than does the elephant. His
movements are masterly, and in the
forest, where he is at home among the
grandest vegetation of nature, they are
seen in perfect harmony. While a
horse in heavy African grass would be
as awkward as a hog on ice and could
not force himself through the tangled
mass at all. the elephant will run
through it and tear through almost
impenetrable forest as rapidly as a
horse can run over a smooth racetrack.
Th<; elephant's tusks are set close to
gether at the points, with only enough
opening between to give his trunk play.
They are like cowcatchers, and separ
ate the bush as he goes alone;. His
feet and legs are well adapted to go
ing over logs and rc-ugh mountainous
land; h«> can penetrate places where
horses cannot go, and when he charges
in the bush I would rather have a brace
rrf lior.s or tigers after me than that
one mad elephant.
'An Elephant Hunt.
passengers on such a limited mileage
there would be more accidents there
than here, but that is not the case;
last, year showed a record of but six
teen killed and 105S injured. Including
passengers and employes, on English
railroads.
be a little puzzled, not to say disappointed. It is. em
phatically not a big voice — a small voice of 'exquisite
tone — diamonds on a thread — which carries with the
clearness of a silver bell in the largest hall or opera
house. You begin to note the deft, .sleight-of-hand way
of getting from one note to another, and then the haunt
ing beauty of the tone. By this time you have become
a Patti enthusiast yourself. At your elbow is a certain
well-known musician— one of those irritating . kind of
people who have been everywhere, heard everybody,
and who consequently know everything. 'Urn — noth
ing to what she used to be.' he murmurs. "When I
heard her in "The IJarber " ' At once you Remember
that Mmc. Patti should be a lady of sixty — but you can
not realize it."
London is not the city from which one expects such
exuberant laudation as that, and of course there arises
a desire to know the cause of it. Merry insists that
Patti sings to-day more enchantingly than any other
woman can sing. and. in explanation says:
"Adelina Patti is one of the remaining representatives
of the 'Bel Canto' school of singing. Its methods were
apparently simple. You treated your voice as an instru
ment — played scales and five-finger exercises upon it half
the day; alternately bullied it and coaxed it, until, goaded
to desperation, it developed incomparable qualities of
both brilliance and softness, such as no other method
can imitate. And this voice need never grow old."
Such is the voice of critical London qji the Patti of
to-day. It is the voice that will greet her when she re
turns from her American tour. She will perhaps hear
it roaring from another great audience in Albert Hall,
and read it next morning on the editorial pages of the
most sedate and conservative of newspapers. Would it
be strange then if that gray old city of .smoke and fog
should seem to her full of brightness and beauty; would
it be strange if she greeted it by singing more tenderly
than ever -> before the heart's own melody, "Home,
Sweet Home"?
Barley Song. r * j | k
Sweet is the matin voice of birds
At early dawn in summer weather;
Sweet are the bells of distant herds
At twilight coming home together.
And sweet the brooklet's pearly note
Adown the rocky hollows leaping;
But sweeter yet the songs that float
In winds o'er fields of barley sweeptn*.
I love to list, 'mid Insects' hum.
While quails are piping In the mead
ows.
As o'er the hilts the reapers come.
And shorter grow the morning shad
ows.
To music of the rustling sraln
And dream of alt the coming pleasure.
When we Its lif<» juice oft shall drain
And revel in its amber treasure.
Th*n. as with keen delight .we drink
The sparkling nectar, foamy-crested.
While songs go round and glasses clink.
Ard every draught's with joy invested.
I still shall hear, in fitful wise.
Th? piping quail, the brooklet'* flow
ins.
The insects' hum in chorus rise
With winds across the'barley blowing.
— Melvln J. llesser.
"Quartz' on Conversion.
"I reckon there ain't 'many of us
left that remembers how Rattlesnake
Pete was convarted," said "Quartz"
Billings remlniscently. "Pete was a
bad one. Half a dozen swigs was
enough to set him goin' so fast that
these yer autermerbeels ain't a mark
to his gait. One day Pete was In his
tantrums and he run acrost a little
tenderfoot that hed just stepped offen
the stage.
" 'Wai. stranger, Jir.e me in a drink.*
says Pete.
" 1 do not drink, sir,' mildly replies
the little feller. •
"The gang perched on . the hotel
verander looks for ructions. There j
was ructions, but not the kind they
expected. 1
" 'See yere, you white-faced squaw. I
you drink, and you drink now, and
you drink with me.' declares Pete.
"And he pulls his gun and com
mences to shoot. «The gang, wise
from experience, jumps to shelter.
"The little man just quietly lays
down a book on the steDs and then he
gives one jump, knocks Pete's pistol
afiying and lands Pete in the mud.
The little feller has Pete by the throat
and he chokes old Rattlesnake til' he
gurgles black in the face.
"Then the stranger turns to the
crowd that had come out of hiding.
" 'Boys.* he says, 'I'm yere to preach
the gospel, and I'm going to preach it I
if I have to choke it down the throats '
of the like of this.'
"Turning to Pe^?, he says:
" 'Got enough?'
" 'Sure.* says Pete, groaning.
" 'Come to church Sunday?' says
the preacher.
" 'Sure,' says Pete.
" 'Get up,' says the preacher.
"He did, and Sunday 'Pete' went to
church and for six months the camp
was as quiet as a prayer meeting. The
preacher was- a reformed prize fighter
from the States."
The local fraternity of pugs, numerous and prosper
ous-in the smiles of mistaken official favor, is aghast at
the offer of fifteen thousand dollars for a "contest" be
tween, two plug-uglies. The managers of these fellows
evidently have an abiding faith in the stupidity of the
public to believe that it will guarantee such a sum for
such, a spectacle. We arc either very prosperous or
very foolish, or bath.
A CURE FOR SANTO DOMINGO.
Her Help.
There is a little woman over In Oak
land who was recently left with her
little ones to fight the battle of life
aione. Bravely she faced the problem
and right well did she struggle to make
both ends meet with the little which
she had. But occasionally when she
was alone and the memories of the
days that -had gene came upon her she
could not keep the tears back.
One day the widow was sitting in the
darkened parlor looking at a picture
which was framed around with autumn
leaves, when. she felt a light touc. upon
her ebow. One of the little girls nes
tled her curly head down in the moth
er's lap and looked up into her face
with eyes that did not understand.
"M ther," said the little ne, "are we
very poor?"
"No. my dearest one, not—very
poor."
\'M:.mma, how much bread would five
big dollars buy?"
"Why, my dear, that would bring us
enough bread to last two months," re
plied the mother, with her hand on the
curly head.
"Well, mummsy," whispered the little
one, with her head on ¦ the mother's
shoulder, "you take the 55 my god
mother - ve me. You can buy the
bread and we can borrow the b' *ter."
Engineer of Skyscraper.
New York's great skyscrapers are
operated very much like battleships,
says the New York World. The center
from which the skyscraper is controlled
is the machinery hall far below the
street level. The commander Is the
chief engineer. A mighty man in his
own dominion is the chief engineer.
He is above the ordinary mechanic in
knowledge of machinery, for he is In
command of engines and dynamos that
must be handled with extreme delicacy
and precision. He is a clever executive,
for his supervision extends not oniy
over the men in his own little kingdum
below ground, but up throughout th-?
entire twenty or thirty stories of the
building. He is a man of good educa
tion, for he comes Into contact with a.'l
professions — all manner of- men vrh'j
make up the hisrh business Itfe of th*
metropolis. He Is a man of experience
both in his own particular sphere and
in the world in general. His activities
and responsibilities are so varied, as to
executive, scientific and administrat
ive functions, that he might be likened
to the Mayor of a city, or to a captain
of industry controlling hundreds of
workers, as well as to the captain of a
battleship.
The chief engineer of the New Tork
skyscraper is usually the superintend
ent a!so. The two offices are combined
in most of the large downtown struct
ures. He is supreme In h!s lofty castle.
This is to say he Is in charge of a
property which costs as much as many
a battleship, for the Investment outlay
represented In the latest type of twenty
to thirty story skyscraper in* the finan
cial district ranges from two to six
million dollars.
Ar.szi'crs to Queries.
LOTTERY TICKETS— H. S.. City. In
California It is a misdemeanor to sell
any kind of lottery tickets, genuine or
bogus.
A Stranded Groom.
A few days ago a tall, handsome
young fellow, fairly well dressed, ac
costed Judge Graham in the corridors
of the City Hall and requested a few
minutes of the Judge's time.
"Certainly." said the Judge, leading
the way to his chambers.
"Judge," said the young fellow, as
he sank Into one of, the jurists easy
chairs, "six months ago I agreed to
marry a very fine young lady before
January 13. The time is pretty near,
and I thought I would come around to
see you about — "
"Glad to hear it," interrupted the
Judge. "I suppose you want me to
tie the knot?"
"Oh, no." replied the young fellow,
"that part of it is all arranged. I want
to know if you will let me have $2 to
pay for the license."
WIRE CONNECTION— H. S.. City.
Without knowing something about ths
location where railroad ties are wired
in the manner described this depart
ment cannot answer the question asked.
RICHEST MAN— H. A. F.. City. It
cannot be stated with any degree of
accuracy who is the richest man In
the United States and In the world.
John D. Rockefeller, the oil magnate,
and Alfred Beit, the African mining
king-, are supposed to head the. list.
A MISDEMEANOR— H. S.. City. It
is unlawful for any person to have la
his possession any indecent pictures 0*
literature, therefore If an officer ar
rested an individual and on searching
him found such matter on him he
would be Justified in charging him with
misdemeanor.
REVOLUTION in Santp Domingo swings merrily
on. From the tops of trees and the balconies
of houses the supporters of two rival political
grafters pop off their guns in the divine name of liberty
at anything which offers an easy mark. Business is at
a complete standstill. Pillage and arson are of such
frequent occurrence that the p'ress reports accept them
as a matter of course, mere commonplaces. The Ger
man papers arc waxing sarcastic over the affair and
drawing lessons from our benevolent Monroe doctrine.
Commander Dillingham of the cruiser Detroit has re
ported to the President that the lives and property of
Americans are daily in jeopardy. In short, it is the
old revolutionary mare's nest all over again.
First it is Hayti, then two pot-boilers in Salvador fall
at outs and there is more popping of the detestable little
guns. Hardly has trouble been assuaged on the main
land than off in the water somewhere a miniature vol
cano spits and froths, and our ships must hasten there
to protect American interests. Nigh onto a centcry of
this intolerable, thing, since the immortal Bolivar and a
few Irishmen cut the yoke of Spain; and yet every
recurrence of the dog-days and each succeeding solstice
witnesses one of these play wars. The British Bahamas
have no such' troubles; the Danish West Indies suffer
no such intermittent fevers of brawling; the Trench
possessions are* peaceful; yet practically the same people
inhabit all the Carib islands. It appears then that only
a strong government -by others than themselves can
insure continued peace in all this ntst of buzzing
hornets*
What must be the policy of the United States in the
future when the constant brawls on all sides will hamper
our digging of- the canal and the proper operation of.it
when once it is completed? Shall the question be solved
by annexation? President Andrew Johnson in his
fourth annual message called attention to the wearisome
condition of affairs upon this very island of Santo Do
mingo and urged that.it be made a part of the United
States.. General Grant continually urged from the Presi
dential chair, the necessity of putting a stop to the
brawls on the same island by annexation. That was
twenty-five years ago, before our country had a thought
toi the islands of the- sea, and when even the purchase
of Alaska raised a storm- of . protest from those who
sought to hew close to the line of precept laid down
by the .early Presidents. Since that time we have
acquired Porto Rico, the Philippines, Guam and our
share of Samoa." We arc to have sovereign^ authority
over a strip of territory from ocean to ocean- in Panama.
We are irrevocably committed to a colonial policy.
The European, powers recognize the fact that their
hands are restrained from meddling on this, side of the
Atlantic. When their interests arid the. lives of their
citizens are jeopardized, by the petty fights in the Carib
bean-they can do no more than appeal to the United
States'" to rectify, the evils. Whether by annexation or by
a consistent" policy of severe repression it may yet be
the. diityl of our Government to bring order out of this
3EET SUGAR— Subscriber. City. The
possibility of extracting sugar from the
beet root was first demonstrated by
Margraff In 1747. who experimented
with the white beet. M. Archard pro
duced excellent sugar from the beet in
1799. and the chemists of France ex
tracted sugar from the beet In 1S0O at
the suggestion of Bonaparte.
Emperor William has finished his course in voice
training, and.it .is hoped that his Majesty may be able,
without danger^ -to indulge his' liking for public' speaking.
For the peace, of his household and of his neighbors,
however," it may be well for him to confine his, public
discussions "to affairs in which compliments only are ex
pected and may be |pckcn.
London's Schools.
London sends 800,000 children to
school, her ability to do so resulting
from the efforts of her school board
proceeding under the recently adopted
education act. It has erected five hun
dred new public buildings, covering a
square mile of valuable land, distribut
ing them in every one of London's flfty
elght electoral divisions, four to every
square mile of the city's surface. The
outlay was about $70,000,000, and they
are by far the most important of the
municipal assets. The work has been
going on for thirty years, with con
stantly Improving educational condi
tions, and seems now to be pretty thor
oughly equal to the service required of
It. It gives more than elementary in
struction; pupils find classes open to
them In literature, science, art. tech
nology and the like, with lecturers and
teachers who are expert In their re
spective branches. At six of the poly
technics the highest classes. have been
Included In 1 the faculties of the reor
ganized London University, with Its
six hundred professors and Its tw'enty
flve constituent colleges, constituting
a center of academic teaching and re
search not unworthy of the great city
which it serves. "By Its Inspection of
schools'and its new. school leaving ma
triculation examination it stretches
down IJs roots to the secondary schools,
from which It is attracting a steadily
Increasing number of undergraduates."
BAIL MONET— H. S.. City. If a man
deposits ball for a man charged with
a bailable offense he virtually agrees
that if the man does not appear f'->r
trtal the amount so deposited shall be
j forfeited, but that applies to one who
1 would be able to appear for trial. If
j the accused, before the trial, should
' commit suicide, the party depositing
j the- bail would only have to show that
j fact In order to claim his money. A
surety is not expected to perform an
impossibility.
.The' investigation by the Regents of the University of
California into the muddled 'affairs of' their defaulting
secretary indicates very clearly that bookkeeping, book
reading, and bookmaking are three' very distinct and an
tagonistic arts. . From the mass of facts submitted it is
also. very clear that in* this wretched affair^ the book
makers had far, the brst of. it.. . > •
SPILLING THE SALT— Enq.. City.
The popular belief that It Is ualucty
to spilt salt probably originated fron»
Leonardo An. Vinci's picture of ths last
supper. In which Judas Iscariot Is rep
• resented as spilling the salt. Or It may
J be that Da Vlr.cl may have so jvalnted
: It to embody a then popular supersti
tion. A gift of bread and salt was a
token of friendship; salt wa$ a aljn of
jnmlty. so fttiUHnjc a man's salt may
, hnve betokened enmity. The spilling of
nOt was held by the ancient Romans to
b«» an unlucky omea.
In' the dread Chicago fire, which came as a national
calamity, -California had its'share of sorrow, for some of
our own people were numbered among the victims and
mourning fills not a few of our homes. This should be
surely a spur to immediate and complete action in the
scheme already, undertaken to insist that our own places
of amusement may no! be death-dealing tire trapi. •
Dcath's b\ Accident.
One hundred and ten passengers on
railroad trains operating in the United
States were killed in railroad accidents
during the last year and 2333 passen
gers were Injured In those accidents.
The total of lives loit, Including rall
rcad employes. In this country In the
same time, amounts to . 606 nnd <511t
people Injured. We operate 193.S01 miles
of railroad, ant l we carry 607,
27S.121 imssencers: the English rail
ways In the United Kingdom have not
over 22,000 miles of road, but carry
1.1S5.000.000 Massenjrers. .It would be
natural to suppose that with so nuuiy
»* m \NY and various are the prospects that promise
l\/\ good to San Francisco and to California in the
*¦ * * immediate future. Cheering signs of prosperity
arc to.be seen all round the horizon, while only here and
there is any visible portent threatening disaster. Among
all the good omens of the time, however, none is better
than the sanguine spirit which animates our more en
terprising and progressive men. All along the line they
are moving confidently forward to the achievement of
great things for the city and for the people Private
activity was never more vigorous, and all the organiza
tions devoted to public objects are vying, the one with
the other,. for the attainment of the common desire for
a greater and a more beautiful city.
Evidences of the impulses of this sanguine spirit are
to be seen on every l&nd. Three of its' manifestations
are deserving of especial notice, first, the movement for
the display at St. Louis of a special San Francisco ex
hibit on a scale of first-class magnitude; second, the
project for beautifying the city according to a plan to
be devised by men of high ability and experience in such
work; and third, the project for undertaking a universal
exposition in San Francisco in 1913- The three move
ments are widely dissimilar in some respects, but they
accord like different strains of a well ordered harmony.
A successful display at St. Louis, which is the immediate
and pressing work of the present, would greatly aid the
movement for beautifying the city, and that in turn
would rouse the energies of the people to make a rec
ord-breaking exposition nine years from now.
The possibilities of San Francisco are so great in
every direction that it. is inevitable her citizens should
indulge great dreams of future achievement in all de
partments of human endeavor. Her potencies as a com
mercial metropolis* of the vastest of oceans arc not su
perior to those which she possess as a center of art and
of social life.- She may become anything from one of
the world's greatest trading ports \o one, of the most
beautiful and attractive capitals. No other city has such
a climate or such scenery. Were there no city here,
thousands of tourists would visit the peninsula every
summer and every winter to enjoy the picturesque com
bination of ocean and bay, valley and hill, with its cli
mate so genial in winter and so bracing and refreshing
in summer. Dominated as it is by a city of high attain
ment and still higher promise, the peninsula should be
one of the most attractive resorts, of pleasure-seekers on
earth, drawing to its manifold delights visitors from all
parts of the world.
Out of such possibilities there come of course,inces
sant impulses to action. We are feeling such impulses
now more potently perhaps than ever before. We have
strong and public-spirited men to lead us toward the
achievement of much" of our common desire. There is
no reason why we should not loyally co-operate with
those men. Whether they are seeking the immediate
end of a special exhibit at St. Louis or planning: for an
exposition of our own nine years from now, they should
have cordial support. It will not be difficult to attain a
more beautiful San Francisco if we are true to ourselves.
Great things can be done by a people who possess great
self-confidence. It is now time for us to rouse up ,that
confidence. Let us once resolve to have our speciai ex
hibit aLSt. Louis, our great auditorium, our comprehen
sive plan for future improvements, and our campaign
for the exposition in 1913, and doubters will be/; as
tonished to see how easily one of these achievements
will follow the other. The main thing is to make a be
ginning. That is the thing to be done now. ....
An elephant travels on an average
thirty- five miles every twenty-four
hours «n search of food. The larger
males never He down on account of
their tusks; only the females occa
sionally and the young often.
In hunting the elephant, you- soon
come to discover that he has a definite
range of territory to which v he keeps
all his life, unless disturbed and forced
to move on to pastures new.
H is not a very easy, matter to cut
out a ?air of tusks from the head of
a large elephant It takes a good ax.
worked by lusty arms for Half a d ay .
To reach the under tusk the entire
head must be cut off. . When you have
the time at your disposal it is best to
allow the tusks to remain in the head
until the dentine decomposes, then a
gas will form in the cavity, causing
an exolosion which will send the tusks
some distance from the head.
I came back to camp with a bruised
body and no appetite for supper,
thinking how nearly • that elephant
came to killing me. Of more success
ful hunting I will tell in another arti
cle.
In the darfc bush I could scarcely dis
cern a black mass; there was no dis
tinguishing the head of the animal
from the tail. I approached with a na
tive until he refused to go nearer. There
were two trees Just ahead of us stand
ing close together. I went to them,
thinking I could play hide and seek
with him if he came at me. I cou.ld get
no better shot from here, for even yet
it was impossible to make out head or
tail from what I could see. I ventured
still closer. Bending low I saw two
feet, and to my dismay they were his
front feet. Instantly h!s trunk came
down in front of his feet, then was out
stretched in my direction. He gave the
angry cry of the elephant, so close that
I could feel the hot breath as it was
blown from the proboscis. Then he
charged at me like a fiend incarnate.
The moment I made the discovery that
it was his front feet I was examining
I had instinctively taken several steps
backward, turned and made a dash be
tween the two trees. Just as he made a
grab for me with his proboscis. I don't
know whether he knocked me over or
not. but I fell. The tree checked his
progress for a moment only, but dur
ing that moment by rolling and tum
bling. I was out of sight behind the
bushes a few yards distant. Fortunate
ly my gun had gone off when I fell, and
the smoke, settled down, obscuring
everything, and by the tfme it had
cleared away the elephant had gone off
on a false scent. . -
When I wa» within thirty yards of
him I took aim. but the pouring rain
spattered on my gun barrel, making it
difficult to see the sights. I fired; ha
staggered, but kept his feet and
dragged himself into the bush. I could
see a white tusk and aimed at the
place where I knew the head should be.
He reared, almost turning a back
somersault into the river. But some
how, cat like, he landed on his feet in
the water, and started down along the
bank, which was almost on a level with
his back. As he came near me I fired
so close to his head that the powder
must have burnt him. He turned, and
reaching the opposite bank • began
scratching away at its slippery .sides
with his legs all spraddled out like a
big dog trying to climb a picket fence.
Swimming a river with a twenty
pound gun and clothes on would be an
impossibility under ordinary circum
stances, but with the excitement and
the help of a swift current I got across
with only a few gulps of water in the
transit. We were soon after the
wounded elephant, which by this time
was reeling like a drunken man. There
is nothing so perilous as following a
v. cunded elephant in a bush, for should
he charge there is scarce the shadow
of a chance for escape. We had not
gone very far when one of the men
came bouncing back over the trail, his
feet touching only the high places. We
all turned and n>d precipitately, but
found it was a false alarm. Soon we
found ourse!eves in a new herd, and
made reckless by my ill luck of the
morning, I determined to try a fresh
animal.
him, the twigs and leaves are moist
and do not crack and rustle in get
ting up to him. The grass has then
Just started to grow from the burnt
stubble, and in May and June the' ele
phants gather in the plains to feed.
When the grass is not more than waist
high you can see them all right, but
when it is ten or twelve feet high you
are apt to get tangled, up with them
before you Know it. :
To quote my journal, November 12,
1 8 !¦> S : We are now camped on
VGongu River. I have been followed
here by 200 native men, women and
t-hildren. I arrived last evening and
before 9 o'clock this morning had
killed an elephant; shot him in the
hip. He charged back at me. I jumped
into the river and swam to the other
side. The elephant lumbered in after
me. lost his footing and was drowned
in a stream of water thirty feet wide
and not over nine feet deep. Either
that or the ball took effect, for he bel
lowed like a bull of Bashaa and rear
ed high out of the water "before fall-
Ing. The natives tied bush rope to
him and rolled him close to shore,
where they, cut him up, when I found
that the ball had entered the hip and
made its exit through the opposite
shoulder.
.November 13 — We followed a big
bull all forenoon to-day in a driving
rain, only to have him escape into a
swamp after wounding him. We were
on the X'Gongu, eight miles below
camp, and had to cross over to get
back, or else round a great bend in
the river, which would take hours. On
our side of the swollen river was a vast
grass plain, with here and there a
clump of timber. On the other side
with a dense forest. As I stood dread
ing the struggle of crossing, a native
touched me and pointed up stream,
where by the river bank, with his
head in a clump of brush, jvas a big
elephant, picking away at the leaves
and seemingly enjoying his shower
bath.
A MORE BEAUTIFUL SAN FRANCISCO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY '17, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ..; . . . . . . . Address Ail Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <^^^^^^> ..... .'. ...... Third and Market Streets, S. F.
! SUNDAY .....' JAN UARY 1 7. iqoj.
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
30Favors. Granting: of Petition.
The Board . of- Works yesterday rec
ommended to the Supervisors that- the
It is as a deadly pheasant shot that
King Edward has won his reputation
as a marksman. He is considered,' after
Lord Walslngham and Lord de Grey,
tte finest pheasant shot in England.'
" Sixteen boys, mostly bootblacks and
gum peddlers, were arrested along
Market street last night by. Patrolmen
f^ynn and Scott and locked up in the
juvenile ward of the Emergency Hos
pital on the charge of vlblating the 9
o'clock ordinance. The police ofllcials
say that they.intend to keep the small
boys off the streets at night and will
arrest all whom they find out after Q
o'clock.
Small Boys Gathered in-
The Public School Teachers* Annuity
and Retirement Fund Commission held
its quarterly meeting yesterday, with
Treasurer, McDougald and School.Su
perintendent Langdon present. The re
tirement of Miss i L. Burnham from
active service was ratified and she was
placed on the annuity list. :-.
Langdon reported that there are now
forty-one annuitants, one. Miss E.' M.
Molloy, having died. The disburse
ments . for annuitants for the quarter
ending December 31, 1903, aggregated
$3472 35. '
Superintendent Lansdon Reports For
ty-One Annuitants on List, Who.
"' . Receive Sum of S3472 35.
COMMISSION RATIFIES
- TEACHER'S RETIREMENT
School Director Roncovieri busied
himself yesterday in preparing copies
in Italian of the compulsory education
law with a view to serving them on
parents of the Sicilian boys who peddle
matches and lemons. Roncovieri. as
already related, Is determined to break
up what he. thinks an infamous padrone
system. Truant Officers Campion and
Floyd are" founding up the boys and
securing . their addresses.
Proceedings will be taken against the
parents under the law in the Superior
Court, and lf.lt is found, that, the al
leged parents are not bona fide the'
United States immigration laws will
be invoked. Under .the law the boys
must be sent to school, and the pa
rents will be directed to comply there
with. : _
Notices Arc to Be Scrvetl on. Them
Ordcrins Them to Send Chil
¦:: dren to School.
PARENTS OP BOY PEDDLERS
" MUST COMPLY WITH LAW
On Tuesday the subject will be
"Alaska, Through the Fjords to Sitka
and the White Pass." There will be
a special matinee next Saturday, the
subject of which will be "The Yellow
stone."
Siberia will form the topic of Mr.
Holmes' next "travel talk," to be given
to-morrow evening at Lyric Hall, a
subject which at this time should
prove of treat interest, for toward the
Far East and the war cloud there the
eyes of the entire civilized world are
now turned to watch the movements
of Jai>an and Russia. Siberia has al
ways been a land of romance and
mystery, but now that the Trans-Si
berian Railway offers easy and com
paratively speedy access to the East
those days of mystery will vanish. Mr.
Holmes made the journey three sea
sons ago and at that time the rail
road was incomplete, and he there
fore had more opportunities for study
ing the people and their customs in
the journey down the Amur River and
in other breaks in the railway than a
well-to-do tourist of the present day
could obtain.
Two very interesting lectures were
delivered before large audiences by
Burton Holmes yesterday. In the
afternoon he repeated his lecture of
last Tuesday evening on "The Won
ders of the Yosemite Valley," starting
from Merced and describing the most
striking features of this beautiful nat
ural i>ark.
In the evenins for the first time this
season, Mr. Holmes spoke on the
"Grand Canyon of Arizona," This
lecture is a consolidation of his for
mer one on the Grand Canyon and one
on Moki land. It was splendidly il- !
lustrated with stereorticon views and j
moving pictures.
Burton Holmes Delivers Two Interest-
Ins Lectures to Large Audiences
at Lyric HalL
TELLS OF WONDERS
OF THE GRAND CANYON
C. J. Morphy. cashier. $90; O. K. Jones. In
spector. $100: O F. Schiller, electrical engi
neer $125r T. Cullen painter. *0O\ F. Splller.
painter ?9O; M. L". West, linemin. $90; T.
Olmos lineman. $00; R. W. Condon, lineman.
$00; E. Indermille. wireman. $100; R. D. Ben
nett, wlreman, $100; William McConnell, wire
man, $100.
The Board of Electricity, consisting
of the joint Commissioners of the Po
lice'and Fire 'commissions, met j-es
terday afternoon and organized by
electing F. A. Maestretti chairman,
Thomas Reagan vice chairman and
George E. Ruperick secretary. On the
lines of retrenchment several posi
tions were abolished. -
On recommendation of Chief Hewitt
the Saturday afternoon half-holiday
privilege now enjoyed by the em
ployes will be withdrawn until the
beginning of the fisca^ear in July.
The names and salaries of those
dropped from the roll follow:
Board of Electricity Organizes, Elects
F. A. 3Iaestretti Chairman and "
Adopts Policy of Retrenchment.
Several Attorneys Pass on Le«ral Status
of. Measure and Committee Re
ports Favorably Upon It.
The ordinance providing: for the issu
ance by the city of $18,000,000 in bonds
for the carrying out of various public
improvements will be reported back fa
vorably to the Board of Supervisors
at its meeting to-morrow by the Corn-
ELEVEN EMPLOYES
DROPPED FROM ROLL
BOXD ISSUE ORDINANCE"
" TO BE PASSED TO PRINT
It was announced from Berlin Jan
uary 13 that the threatend rising of
the Hereros tribe, numbering from 30,
000 to 40,000 men, news of which had
been telegraphed there from Wind
hoek, Damaraland, Germai. South west
Africa, excited some apprehension at
the Colonial Bureau and' Foreign Of
fice, as the German forcefe ->on the spot
were inadequate to deal with a wide
spread insurrection. r . "/•-';
P. A. Falkenburg, head consul of
the Woodmen of the. World, wilr de
liver an oration at 2:30 o'clock this
Unveillns Monuments.
The ordinance provides the manner
in which the bonds are to be sold at
different periods as the funds are re
quired -for .the- improvements. The
bends are to bear Interest at the rate
of 3% per cent per annum and will be
exempt from all taxes.
The ordinance has been subjected to
the scrutinizing inquiry of several emi
nent attorneys in order that- its legal
phraseology .might not contain any
omissions that might be. construed into
a technicality to defeat the proposed
bond issue. The "Attorneys now pro
nounce the measure as, being absolute
ly perfect from a legal point of view
and it will be passed to print by the
board at once. .
mittee on Public Utilities, to which It
was referred.. • . , .; '. ., .'«
afternoon in St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak
land, over the graves of the late T. J.
Manning and J. T. Jordan, who were
neighbors of Golden Gate Camp No.
64 of this city. This will be at the un
veiling of beautiful monuments that
have been erected by the organization
to mark the last resting place of the
late neighbors named.
petition of certain architects that the
building ordinance relative to light and
\ent shafts be amended in certain par
ticulars be granted.
A band of natives is marching on
Karibib, to which place reinforce
ments have been dispatched. One
column arrived safely at Karibib Jan
uary 15, but a force commanded by
Lieutenant Zulow, with 120 rifles, ap
pears to be in a dangerous position
near Waldau.
SWAAKOPMUND, German South
west Africa, Jan. 16. — Martial law has
been proclaimed here and at Karibib.
BERLIN, Jan. 16. — A dispatch from
Windhoek, German Southwest Africa,
says the German post at Okahandya,
a mission station of Damaraland, is
being hard pressed by the revolted
Hereros tribe. Attempts made from
Windhoek to relieve the garrison,
which has suffered heavily, have been
unsuccessful. Windhoek itself is
threatened and the militia has been
called out. The Hereros are well
mounted and armed, having obtained
horses and guns from settlers they
have raided. "*V^
Insurrectionists Number From
30,000 to 40,000 and the
Opposing Force Is Inadequate
MARTIAL LAW DECLARED
The first point visited was Telegraph
Hill, petitions haying^ been filed to
grade and' blast on Lombard street,
near Montgomery and Winthfop. Casey
and. Woodward practically agreed to
recommend to the Supervisors that the
petition to" grade th6 northerly side of'
Lombard- street be :granted, but , re
served their- decision as to the. petition
of the California Stevedoring Company
to blast in the vicinity.' Woodward and
Casey, uphold the opinion that Tele
graph Hill should be preserved.
Other points visited by the Commis
sioners were Third • street and Spear
street, where new pavements have been
laid, which met^ with the approval of
the Commissioners. The lower end of
Battery street, where the. Board of
Works has two crews of men work
ing^ were. also inspected, as well as
Mission street, from. East to Ninth,
which the board has recommended
widening by eight feet and the side
walks reduced accordingly. ¦
Commissioners of Works Casey and
Woodward yesterday went on a tour
of inspection of the improvements that
have recently been made on certain
streets and others that have been pro
jected or are in contemplation. The
trip was taken that Woodward might
familiarize- himself with the work over
which he has supervision.
Commissioners of Works Casey and
• Woodward Go on Tour of Inspec- *
tion of City's Streets.
Says Authority to Name Justice of
the Peace Is Not Vested in
the Supervisors.
, Mayor Schmitz yesterday returned
SAY TELEGRAPH HILL
SHOULD BE PRESERVED
Australia wants 300,000 British wives.
Canada, wants 50,000 and the Cape
would like 20,000. It is stated that there
are nearly 1,000,000 more women than
men in the British Isles.
State of Consternation Exists
in German South Africa
at a Threatened Outbreak
HEREROS TRIBE
CAUSES ALARM
The remains of George Osbourne Jr.,
the young California actor, who passed
ft'way la Detroit last Monday, are due
to arrive from the East his" evening.
The funeral services will be held at
Church of St. Frances de Sales, Grove
and Hobart streets, Oakland, at 10
a. m. next Tuesday. Rev. Father Me-
Sweeney will officiate. The body will
be placed in the family vault in Moun
tain View Cemetery-
Will Be Buried in Oakland.
The report of the Board of Works
on the condition of theaters will be
filed with the Mayor late to-morrow
afternoon. * --¦:.'.>.
Board of Works Recommends Xe^ 1
' Provisions for Inspection of Play
' houses by City Officials.
The Board of Works yesterday sub
mitted to the Supervisors a proposed
amendment to the theater .ordinance
providing for the inspection of play
houses by certain designated city of
ficials. The amendment, which adds
an entire section to the ordinance,
follows: ¦, ¦ .:> . I ¦/•'
The "Mayor, the Commissioners of the Board
of Public Works, the city architect and in
spectors of buildlnKs and the duly accredited
representatives of the Fire Department and
of the Police Department shall have the right
to entar at any time any buildlns used for
theatrical cr or>eratic purposes or for public
entertainment* of any kind to s;e that all .
the requirements of ordinance SS are strictly
complied with, and for admission to any such
building for such purpose no charge or price
shall be exacted from, any of the aforemen
tioned public officials. The clerk of the Su
pervisors shall provide each of the eaid men
tioned public officials with a suitable creden
tial card which shall entitle the official ex
hibiting- the same to admisson to auch build
ing.
SUBMITS AMENDMENT
TO THEATER ORDINANCE
¦ ¦ ¦ • v ¦
The Kround of my objection" to said resolu
tion is that the power to appoint such Justice
of the Peace to fill said unexsired term Is
vested in other authority than tha-Board of
Supervisors of the city and county of San
Francisco. I have already exercised the
power vested in me-under section 4 of. chapter
1, article IV. of the charter by ! the appoint
ment of Walter Gallacher as such Justice of
the Peace to fill said unexpired term, and said
Gallagher has qualified aa such Justice of the
Peace. . Respectfully submitted,
E. E. SCHJI1TZ. Mayor.
to the Board of Supervisors without
his approval the resolution appointing
Walter E. Donv to, be Justice of the
Peace, vice Percy Long, resigned. The
veto message on the subject follows: .
January 15. 1904.
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors —
Gentlemen: I hereby return to you without
my approval and hereby veto resolution No.
4273. This resolution assumes to appoint Wal
ter E. Dorn Justice of the Peace of the city
and county of San Francisco to fill the va
cancy, caused b^ the resignation of Percy V.
Lons. ¦
MAYOR SCmnTZ VJ2TOES
APPOIXTMENT OF DORX
The particular provision of ', the
charter that seems to make. Ragan in
eligible to hold any municipal office is
contained in article 15, section 6 of
the charter, the penalty for violation
of which is forfeiture of office and de
barring the one who violates it from
ever after being ejected, appointed or
employed in the service of the city.
The section follows:
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer or em
ploye of the city and county shall be or be
eonie, direet.lv or indirectly, interested in, or
in tii& performance of, any contract, ¦work or
busiirfss, or In the sale of any article, the
expense, price cr consideration of which is
payable from the treasury, or in the purchase
or lease of any real estate or other property
belonging to or taken by the city and county,
cr which shall be sold for taxes or assess
ments, or by virtue of legal process at the suit
of ihe city and county. If any person In this
section (leMenated shall durine the time for.
¦which he was elected or appointed acquire an
interest In any contract with, or work done
for. the city and county, or any department or
officer thereof, or in any franchise, risrht or
privilege granted by the city and county, un
less the same ehall be de- olved upon him by
law, he shall forfeit his ofilce. and be forever
after debarred arid disqualified from being
elected, ao:)ointed or employed in the service
of the city and ccunty; an-? all euch contracts
Bhall be void and shall hot be enforceable
against the city and couriiy. r
The lot used for a police station on
Stanyan street, between Eage and
Haight, is owned jointly by Ragan,
who is credited with a three-eighths
undivided interest on the Assessor's
books, and ex-Sheriff J. J. McDade,
who owns the remaining five-eighths
of the property. The owners lease the
site for use by the Police Department
for $100 a month. The property way
first leased by Ragan and McDade to
the city in 1898 for Jlf6 a month, but
the rental has since been lowered un
der a resolution of the Supervisors
passed in May, 1901.
The discovery was made yesterday
that under charter provisions D.
F. Ragan, the newly appointed Health
Officer, probably is Ineligible to hold
the position because he leases to_ the
city from month to month certain
property of which he is part owner.
The charter forbids the appointment
to official positions of men interested
in municipal contracts or supplies or
property of the city.
He Leases the Park Police Station to -the
Municipality, Which Is. Contrary to
the Provisions of the City Charter
HEALTH OFFICER RAGAN
IS PROBABLY INELIGIBLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1904.
31
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
THIS BOOK
18 FREE
The Mysteries ol Hypnotism and
Personal Magnetism Revealed.
The American College of Sciences;
: of Rochester,, N. Y., has just published
j a remarkable book on Hypnotism,
! Personal Magnetism, Magrnetic He'al-
ing, SelftMastery, Self-Confidence and
the higher development of Will Power.
It is by far the most wonderful and
' comprehensive treatise of the kind
i ever printe'd. The directors "have de-
i cided for a limited time to give a free
j copy to each person sincerely inter-
j ested in these wonderful sciences. .„ It
j is the result of the combined effort* of
I 30 of the most famous hypnotic spe-
cialists in : the world. You can. now
j learn the secrets of these wonderful
' sciences at your own home, free.
t \ f r ' fl ¦•T"Vf T,r . I'-y"!-?'-' ¦ -r'^-* '*»iri i <<n' t *'*" i rt^{
• Hypnotism strengthens your ' mem-
j ory and develops a will of iron. It
| overcomes bashfulness, revives hope,
, stimulates ambition and determination
j to succeed and gives' you that self-
confidence, which enables you to con-
{ vince people of your real worth. It
| gives you "the key to the inner secrets
I of mind control. It enables you to
i absolutly^control the thoughts and ac-
i tions of whomsoever you will. When
you understand this grand and mys-
terious science you can plant sugges-
tions in human minds which will be
carried out in^a day or even a. year
hence. You can cure bad habits and
! diseases in- yourself or others. You
j can*. cure yourself of insomnia, ner-
| vousriess and business or domestic
.worry. x "-. "'¦"
You can instantaneously hypnotize
' people with a mere glance of the eye,
without their knowledge, and power-
fully influence them to do as you de-
sire. : You can develop, to a marvel-
ous degree, any musical or dramatic
talent you may have; you can increase
your salary; you can develop your
telepathic or clairvoyant power; you
can give. thrilling and funny hypnotic
entertainments; you can win the love
and everlasting friendship of those
; you desire; you can protect yourself
| against the influence of others; you
can becomes financial success and be
recognized as a 1 power in your com-
munity.
* -The American College guarantees to
teach you the secret of attaining all
these things. It is the largest and
most successful School of Hypnotism
in the world. It is chartered by the
State " laws and carries out every
promise faithfully. If you want", a
copy of its free book, just send your
nam4 and address, no money, to the
American College of. Sciences, Dept.
54 6 A, Rochester, X. Y., and' you' will
receive it by return mail, prepaid.-
ABVEEIISEMEKTS.
»
"Zilttle-at-&-Tlme "Ps.ymezz.ls."
Special
A solid oak, 6- foot Ex-
tension Table; it must be
seen to be fully appreci-
ated, as cut does not do it
justice. A special discount
will be made on all other
goods bought during this
month. Don't wait for
values to come to you, but
go where values are. We
will be pleased to have
you call and see what
values are to be had here
for your money. f^\
Your credit is good.
The J. floonan Furniture Go.
1017-1023 Mission Street
Above Sixth.
Pointing
Developing
A7 J.OVT PKICES.
Zlr work in this lint is first riasa ar.d
tr.y price*- are verr lovr. I'm doinr the
largest volume cf Pristlng and Develop-
ing of any one oa the coart for out-of-town
peotle. Try ir.e oa aa crder. You 1 11 be
jplea»ed. Here are a tew pricea:
Roll of eix jw:
Roll cf tvelrc 15c
2DirVXI.OFZJfO:
Velox Calih '..'..'.'..... 3c to 6c
Out c' town orders promptly taken care cf.
THAT UAH PITTS.
F. W. FJTTS. The Stationer.
1008 WABCET ST.. Above Powell,
*'• •'- EA.V FRAXCISCO.
Every Woman
v Xii MAR\TL Whirling Spray
V^t<C«-fe^few __ ek— Most ConTenJent.
** qnun i—tMiuj.
•** y«cr trmfprt ftr X Wi f£*^ > <n i J ' EJJ
Sf is- <•<•:.:^; •; \j rh« vfflV^MV. •
PI* nvtl., accept no Jj. ''''j—nFM.^
fciljf r. hat kesd Kan-, p fcr 11- XV i "~-"'7%kf
lu«ttat*l book— ~ale4.lt F;re« \% ff ' ''"/M
fal! P«.ru<-ol«remj»J dir»rtton«ta- ty'/. /M
vuloa-b** to Juliei. HAKVELCO^ <*4 •''.'!< >^W
BUZ MISSIOX ST.. S. V.. Cal. ~*'^
Wiiliara Utturcth (Ladles* Dept.).. 224 Sutler
Union Drug Co..ri4 Kearnjr & Van Xes» & Mkt.
ttazooi Brcs ;th & Broadway, Oakland
s«J4»-i3, Phinaacy m E11U '
ADVEBTISTnvrFTNTS.
Monday, January 18th,
DECORATIVE ART OBJECTS
BRONZES, CLOCKS
FURNITURE
CUT GLASS, CHINA
ENTIRE STOCK REDUCED
Strictly One Price «• No Discount
/ C"PR.Fto5TSKEARHY $TSi
-p VFrR.TTaTg"M7^yTg.
j£
Only a few days more to take advantage of our U
great 20 per cent Reduction Sale. It positively closes y
next Saturday night. It is an absolutely bona-fide re-
¦ duction of 20*per cent on every* fur garment in our |j
store, including: , . ff
Russian Sable Garments _ | Persian. Lamb Jackets ||
Sealskm Jackets Astrakan Jackets . H
FoxStolc^ 8 I Siberian Squirrel Stoles |
1. Near Seal Jackets I Muffs in all Furs. |
i All prices remain as they vtere originally marked .
H on account of the great amount of labor that will be
fg necessary to alter them. The 20 per cent reduction is \
fa taken from these prices, consequently every garment in
If the store sells jiuring the sale for 20 per cent less than
H it's marked. This is the most successful sale we have
p| ever conducted, and is being patronized by hundreds \
H of people. . '
|| - All garments altered to fit free of charge.
H Mail orders filled if received in time.
miFlieLaijj^ttt theH/ortd'
1 155-155-157 l| St-Sjfr
. /' , . . - - ~ '!; >.. ADVEETISEMEinJS.
* " . " ' '•'.¦¦• r ' : ¦
I Snip ni^trihntnrc: nf IS-«v ' 7 - •¦ "»SL: ~aW
f^j^^M f - ' W I |i H I \ j M W f >1 1 fJn B j IK^T ft ¦ I*' '~'?'H
' NfiW* ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ DAlTDEUrr DOESMTT WASH OUT.
The Oenn That Cause* it Has to Be De-
stroyed to Core Dandruff.
Many a womanspends an hour twice a
week scouring her. scalp, thinking that
by scrubbing off the scurf she will cure
the dandruff. Two hours a week, at the
age of 40 years, she has spent 260 days
of twelve hours each, or two-thirds of a
year of her life, in that vain hope; vain
because you can't cure dandruff without
killing the dandruff germ, and the only
hair preparation on earth that will do
that is Newbro's "Herpicide" — also a
delightful hair dressing and thorough
antiseptic against all contagion from use
of other's hair brushes. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for sam-
ple to The Herpicide Co., Detroit, Mich.
Trunk and Suit Case — Special Offer.
Excellent Trunk, , durably made. with*, all
¦•.¦heavy • brass trimmings, two extra trays,
double strapped, and an extra value at
$9.50. We have . specially reduced the
price to *<;.<><>
Dress Suit. Case of flue sole leather hand.
some In appearance, well made and
durable, worth much more, but we offer
. it for $0.0O
A. B. SMITH CO.
Trunks and Traveling Outfits,
128-132 Ellis Street. Above Powell,
San Francisco. •
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
This home lor the aged, conducted bylthi
Sisters of Mercy, U situated g.t Ean Dieeo
Cal. on University Heights, overtouklns th*
ocean. The climate is considered the finest ITS
the world, free from extremes of heat or cold
Aied couples are • also ¦ received. The charges
for a home»for life vary from 51500 UDward.
according to age and requirements. For further
information ' apply .to Sister Superior St. Jo-
¦epb's Sanitarium," Saa Diego, Cal.JB.F.Stoll, dentist; Haight & MasoolQ avV
The. directors* of "the Scott -Rivet
Gold Mining Company were sued yes
terday for $2581 by D. A. Connolly.
The plaintiff alleges that the company
owes him that amount , for services
rendered by him at. their plant in
SlskfyoujCounty.
Sues for His. Wages.
Thero are many dining-room chairs in
which the end of a line has been reached,
leaving two, three, four and five ' chairs
on hand. - Pattosien's great Odds • and
Ends Sale alma to get rid of these. II
price reduction, about 50 per cent, can dc
it, they will all go this week.. The big
store at Sixteenth and Mission streets. '
A Few Odd Chairs.
Mrs. J. Cogan of 813 Bryant street
called at the Morgue yesterday and
identified as that of Mrs. Alice Chase
the body of the woman who was suf
focated last Friday at 754 Folsom
street with George Layton. Mrs. Co
gan said that Mrs. Chase had been
separated from her husband for about
six months and that he is at present
working for the Standard Oil Com
pany in Bakersfleld. Layton had
beeruan old time friend of the family.
Suffocated Woman Identified.
The Germania Investment Company
has been incorporated for $50,000 capi
talization, with offices in the. Emma
Spreckels buildinp. The president is
Mr. Bittner, a law^r for twenty years a
practitioner In the State and national
courts. Mr. Viereck, secretary and man
ager, is a well-known business man
Having had many years of experience ir
the real estate market as well as in th<
wholesale grocery business. A mining
engineer and draughtsman. Mr. Schmue
ser. has taken charge of the mining de
partment that has recently been added
to the company's affairs-' • > l^, r -
A Xcw Incorporation.
All German soldiers must learn to
swim. Some of them are so expert that
with their clothing on their heads and
carrying guns and ammunition they
can swim streams several hundred
yards wide. ;V :
Accused of Causing Ills Wife's Death,
but District Attorney Admits
Evidence Is Insufficient.
• When the case, of William Henry
Bushnell -was called Ir Judge Dunne's
court yesterday to be set for trial As
sistant District Attorney Whiting
asked that it be dismissed, as there
was not sufficient evidence to convict
the defendant.' The Judge according
ly ordered that the case be dismissed
on motion of the District Attorney.
Bushnell was charged with 'the
murder of his wife, Catherine, at their
residence on Seventh avenue on the
night of September 11. They had
been drinking and it was alleged that
Bushnell threw a lighted lamp at his
wife and she died from resulting
burns.
' Mrs. Bushnell made a statement to
Policeman Layne, who took her to the
hospital, that she accidentally over
turned the lamp, but her father, Pat
rick Ward, 315 Fifteenth avenue, de
clared that Bushnell threw the lamp
at her and swore to the complaint
charging Bushnell with murder.
MURDER CHARGE AGAINST
BUSHXELL IS DISMISSED
Charges Directors With Conspiracy.
v Judge Murasky issued an order yes
terday directing the 'directors of the
Golden State Power Company to ap
pear before ' him . on January 22 and
show cause why they should not be
enjoined from selling 14,996 shares of
stock in the company owned by H. F.
Lang.' The order was issued. on com
plaint of Lang, who claims that the
directors of the company have entered
into a conspiracy to freeze him out of
the concern. • '.'
Patrick Coyne .was dismissed in
Judge Conlan'3_ court yesterday . on a
charge of battery. He and his wife,*
Bridget, live at 729 Tehama street.
The other . day she' caused his arrest
because she claimed he had hurled a
tea cup at her with such force and
effect as to cut a large gash in one of
her eyebrows. . When the case was
called she was present to .assure the
Judge that she. had no desire to prose
.cute her "oldnian" and on' that under
standing he wa's "allowed to go.. 'The
"couple 'shook hands' jubilantly with
the; magistrate and went off perfectly
reconciled.^
Like sweet bells jangled but of tune,
a happy matrimonial experience last-'
ing over twenty years is threatened
with a rupture because Mrs. Kate Man
sion refuses to sell her grocery, at 1300
Sanchez street, at the behest of her
husband, John Mansion. The aged
couple have built up quite a prosperous
I business by their united exertions.
| Then the tempter came and whis
pered to the husband visions of wealth
in other lines of industry. He found a,
purchaser for the grocery, but the wife/
with admirable forethought, had the
title of the place in her own name and
refused to become a party to the sale.
Her'husband got out his trusty horse
pistol, which had seen service in the
dark days of the Civil War, loaded- it
up with stove lids 'and ax heads and
told the partner of his joys and sor
rows that he had "come to the.conclu- 4
slon to blow her blooming block off."
She found a policeman who found the.
I husband, . and they all ..found them-;
selves before Judge Cabanlss yesterday.
Mansion was charged =with threats to
kill, but in his bent old age he didn't
look the leastSbit like a wild and woolly
desperado. He told the Judge he had
no intention" ojC ; 'ishoofihg Up the woman'
with whom he had traveled for twenty,
odd years in double 'harness. -He mere
ly wished her to sell the grocery, be
cause he believed they could make more
nfbney in" some other 'line of 'business.
He was allowed "to go on ,a promise of
future good behavior. ' His wife wanted
mandatory instructions issued to 'him
I to take his clothes and remove" forever
' from the family domicile, but the Judge
• refused the request. He told the old
j woman that he was not justified \n
The store, 915 Market st., has been
rented by Olson Bros. Tltey will take
possession in" about three weeks. All
men's clothing must be disposed of with
in that time. To-morrow will be the
last day in which shoes will be sold.
Tuesday. and Wednesday the store will
close to get ready for the Closing Out
Clothing Sale,, which will start Thurs
day. Better come and get your shoes to
morrow. Ladies' and men's $3.50 shoes
for $1.85 a pair. Ladies' and men's $2.50
shoes' for 11.35 a pair at the last shoo
day, 915 Market st., opp. Mason. •
Good News.
Yee Bung is a Chinaman with a
sonorous voice and a fondness for rice
brandy. Plentiful imbibing of the
brandy awoke the voice to full action
and on such occasions he stood on the
corners of Chinatown and made vigor
ous addresses on, the fading glories of
the. flowery kingdom and the rustic
beauty, of his boyhood, home on the
Hoang-Ho. He was*before Judge Mo
gan yesterday charged with vagrancy
and brought his voice along with him.
Bailiff Hickey and Interpreter Dong
Gorig vainly* attempted "- to stem the
flow of his Chinese eloquence. He was
'given three months in the County Jail
in, hopes -.that his^ pipes might get
clogged up during Kls confinement!
Two thoroughbred tars were witnesses
in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
against Thomas Turner, another sailor,
who is accused of having tried to re
move with a case knife the vermiform
appendix of another son of the . sea
named Bernard Hansen. Hansen is at
present in St. Mary's Hospital, and it is
believed he will recover.
The cutting occurred at the Sailors'
Home, on Harrison street, and was wit
nessed by ten or twelve persons. .Those
examined so far have v testifled that the
deadly assault was 'entirely without
provocation. The testimony of the sail
ors has been taken so that they may
pursue their ordinary avocations with
out interfering with the ends of justice
by removing to distant parts of the
earth when the charge is heard in the
Superior Court. Further hearing of the
case was continued until January 30 ;
Prosecutor Harris offered the eye in
evidence and the Judge admitted it.
"I would suggest that the eye be
marked by the clerk for identifica
tion," continued Harris. Clerk Duffy
took one Meeting glance at the exhibit
and said, "Not for me; I think the
eye is sufficiently marked now." Mey
ers was convicted of battery and will
be sentenced to-morrow.
Sadie Murphy, a sweet, wild singer
in a. Pacific- street saloon, brought a
badly smoked lamp into Judge Fritz's
court yesterday and told how Charles
Meyers, a piano player in the same re
sort, had. caused the bruise because
she failed to. get in all the minors
while singing "Mona, I'll : Telephone
You." . '
In court yestti day he told Judge
Fritz that while he was in jail. people
kept calling him up by- telephone and
telling- him , they were going to kill
him. -He also complained that several
shots » had been taken at him. _.: His
statements in general were so wild
that 4t was concluded to have* him ex
amined on the question of his sanity.
Judge Fritz sent Lester Lewis out
to the Insanity Commissioners yester
day to have his speedway examined
for revolving wheels. Lewis was ar
rested several days, ago on the charge
of petty larceny. While employed as a
clerk for Seymour & Elliott he sur
reptitiously, removed a couple of
wagon loads of lumber from the firm's
yard and dumpedit out in front of- his
mother's house on Mission street. Ap
parently he had no particular use for
the lumber.
Judge Mogan yesterday heard the
case against Edward Richards, who
shot and killed a saloon-keeper on Pa
cific street 'a week ago Wednesday dur
ing a Quarrel over the payment of a
bottle of beer.
Richards came from Visalia and is a
stableman. Delia Hunoldstein, the com
plaining witness, who lived for several
years with the murdered man as his
wife, was the only witness examined.
When she was asked if she had wit
nessed the killing she broke down com
pletely on the stand and pleaded with
defendant's attorney not to compel her
to go over again the events of the trag
edy.
Judge Mogan calmed her with assur
ances that she would be treated with
the fullest consideration, and she fin
ally pulled herself together and man
aged to go through the ordeal of an
examination. She was not a witness to
the actual shooting, being iri the bar
room at the time the killingtoccurred in
the dance hall connected with the place.
When she reached the scene Martini
was lying dead on the floor and Rich
ards was standing with a smoking re
volver in his hand. A Mexican, girl who
is known as "Black Maggie" was pres
ent during the shooting, and she will
be called to testify at the next hearing
of the case.
making a man leave a home which he
had helped to create, but he promised
her if the husband got gay again with
that old revolver of his he would re
ceive condign punishment. \
Edward Richards Appears for the Killing
of Martini-— Slashing French Sailor on
Trial-— Desperate Grocer's Explanation
MURDERER AND SEEKERS
AFTER BLO0D IN COURT
Trapper** Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
r>rug«ists. 80c flaik. KlcUard & Co.. 40G Clay>
Petitions in insolvency were filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court as follows. George W. Steele of
George W. Steele & Co., commission
merchants, Eureka, liabilities $5498,
assets $6465; Giacinto Lafranchi,
paste manufacturer. Oakland, liabili
ties $1084, assets $80.0.
Petitions In Insolvency.
All druggists sell ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough
Balsam under a positive guarantee. 50c. •
F. X. Goulet, a visitor from Min
nesota, was taken from the Defender
saloon, 38 East street, yesterday morn
ing about 7 o'clock to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital in an unconscious
condition: The physician in charge
thought he had drank "knockout
drops." The police were notified and
Detectives Freel and Bunner were de
tailed orr the. case. They arrested
Edgar , von Scholer, a sailor, who had
been drinking for some houra with
Goulet. and -locked him up in "the
tanks." Goulet recovered yesterday
afternoon and was taken to the prison,
where he will be detained" till he thor
oughly recovers his senses and will be
able to tell his story. He was able
to say that his gold watch was gone,
but his money was in his pockets.
Victim of Knockout Drops.
rifisengers ahoujd consult the new time card
of t>e So^hern Pacific in effect Monday, the
ISth in«t. The new service will be found to
be mwe « P e«dy and the special Berkeley fliers
will, therefore, be dlsanntlnud.
Berkeley and Berryman
According to Atherton's complaint
Mrs. Atherton, despite' his protests, per
sists _in accompanying Quayle to the
Orpheum and other public places. He
says her conduct has greatly humili
ated him because of the comment it ex
cited among the guests at the Ather
ton. The plaintiff says further in sup
port of his charge of cruelty that his
spouse once struck him with a pillow.
Alice L. Carrington wants a divorce
from Bartine Carrington for neglect.
They were married at San Rafael in
1894. Mrs. Carrington alleges that for
more than a year past her husband has
not provided for her, although abund
antly able to do so. Neglect is also
charged in the complaint for divorce
filed by Gertrude M. Mills against
Charles B. Mills. She asks for a divorce
and $40 a month alimony.
Desertion is alleged in the actions for
divorce commenced by Maria Heyde
against Herman Heyde. Minnie Parks
against John Parks, Luclnda S. Moyer
against John A. Moyer, Johanna Lune
burg against Joachim Luneburg and
Isabella Raynaud against C. V. Ray
naud. Henry Seibel is suing Fredericka
Seibel for divorce for crueltyA
In a complaint for divorce filed yes
terday by Joseph N. Atherton against
Sarah' E. Atherton he says his matrj
cionial unhappiness is due to his wife's
fendness ffir the company of E. E.
Quayle, hi3* partner in the hotel busi
ness. Atherton, his wife and Quayle
conduct the Hotel Atherton, at 1657 Oc
tavia street.
Joseph N. Atherton Says His
Wife Is Too Fond of Spend
ing Time With His Partner
BLAMES QOAYLE
FOR TROUBLES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', .SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 190^.
32
ISM A R.
A 5TR7^NQE^CA5E~
A Reporter Hears- the Marvelous
Story of Harvey Garcomb.
Mr. Garcomb was more than willing to are unique, but very effective and scien-
tell the reporter about his wonderful tlfic. I have investigated thoroughly, and
case. He said that he came to San Fran- I till you that I believo her to be one of
cJaco an Invalid and had given up hope the greatest healers in the coutatrv
of ever getting well, but thought that hi- while as a clairvoyant and psychi? she
life might be prolonged by our mild and has never had an equal " * J °J' V -" 1 V Bne
yet Invigorating climate.. If you are ill and have given up all
,^<a~^~_rv £°P« of being well, call and consult with
/O*£Z«j_5»X lsmar. She can cure you, as she has
AT~Sn«iiLrTl- __, cured and is continually curing others
a a "fc-T We could not attempt to detail all the
/S\ /I* / •1JGXS^a^Lv> -l^T cases that have been healed and other-
/hijN / Wf OmT^ I wlse bene fited by the mysterious and al-
' fc£.i*?S?// _£__?£e-A ' most miraculous powers of lsmar
/:r3*<~5i*3£32r i «l Thus these startling events crowd one
-J-^^'K "^^M2_S^Zy HA another— events that come to pass just
'^^^nflfit^^rff ? *^V &S mar# the woma n of mystery, deline-
tr *^^jyJfw¥tEii!r^jif £$W he reat - e Jf ts of lsmar are not con-
r &^'lW?/?»HS!&&l #tf^\ flned t0 P r °P hec y alone, but she is a
' ¦<ti^U?XJ>^*<d -/ '/ *%\ paster of the art of locating and curing
.'Nja fi pi -A diseases, also. Some of the cures she
Sl&& ; '£r '^lr *£/"•/ <'-'X\ has performed arc almost miraculous
/tif&Y ¦!_ Y$Xf ''f * I}, % To the youns mm starting a business
rJl^Svi rifr/ Vjjy fL. '¦>*:*¦ V career J to the nian with interests in
I \^&C\\.lJp^L^tM^^^^ *4. r \ I stocks and bonus; to the professional
r'^V^^aiiW^^^' ' / 5 Jd / nian - Uie law >'er or the physician; to the
r^X^^lK^v^T^^^^^ 1^^ I' !n ' ncr ' th e prospector or the owner of
llraSy^S •¦PvSW^r-Sv mines; to the woman whose heart has
O^$#5§7|« r -u^fe^£y> -^ been torn and ls sore;, to those afflicted
¦'¦,/* . ' . -• , „ _ or in trouble; to those who doubt or
"It was by accident, almost, that I have.questiona to ask of the unknown
heard one day of the Gypsy seeress and Ismar's great gifts are invaluable -.-¦-.'
healer, lsmar. I overheard a convcrsa- Write her If you can't call Three
tion on a street car of how a man who questions answered for $1. FulpMife
had suffered from Bright's Disease was reading, $5. Send money by Wells-Far-
cured within three months by lsmar. the go. Postofflce Money Order or Registered
Gypsy. I took the trouble straightway Letter. Rooms 9 and -10, 11 04 'Market
to learn her address, placed my case In street. San Francisco. Phone South 1141
her hands and the result is I am to-daya Office hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. xn.; Sundays*
well man. •Ismar's methods of healing -30 a. m. to 12 ax." >
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
Few People Know How Useful It Is
' .. in Preserving Health and Beauty..
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most \ efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize its value when taken into
I the human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; it is not a
drug at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present in
the stomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system. ,
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after, eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic. j
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and' throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money
I is 'in Stuart's- Absorbent Lozenges; :
they are composed of the finest po w-
'dered willow charcoal and 'other
harmless antiseptics, in tablet form or
rather in the form of large, pleasant
tasting lozenges.' the charcoal being
mixed with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
plexion, sweeter breath and purer
blood, and the beauty of it Is that no
possible harm can result from their
continued use, but, on the contrary,
great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal'says: "I advise
Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges to all pa-
tients suffering from gas in stomach
and bowels and to clear the complex-
ion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is great-
ly benefited by the daily use of them;
they cost but 25 cents a box at drug
stores, and although in some sense a
patent preparation, yet I 'believe, I get
more and better charcoal in Stuart's
Absorbent Lozenges than in any of the
ordinary charcoal. tablets."
EXPERT OPTICTATf. .
Have You Weak Eyes
OR POOR SIGHT?
IF SO USE GEORGE MAYERLPS CLA.SSE3
AND 3ERMAS EYETVATEK.
They Rest and Strengthen the Eyes ud Pre-
serve the Sight.
The Wrong Glasses Will Ruin Uw Strongest
Eyes.
Neglected Eyesfsht Affects tha Braia.
BEWAEE Of INJTJBIOUS XUZTATXO2r3
The Ecnuine are Indorsed by the highest U.
S Army Navy and Government officials, and
must be ordered direct from George Ma.y«rla.
German Expert Optician, 1071 Market street,
near Seventh.
German Eyewater. 80c; by mall. «2c
EYES EXAMINED FREE
P Glasses by Express on Trial Befora Paylri
Charges.
Alaska Excursions.
. Those contemplating: an excursion trip
to Alaska the coming summer should at-
tend the lecture to be given by 2£r. £L
Burton Holmes in Lyric Hall, 121 Eddy
street, on the evening of January 19.
Mr. Holmes illustrates his work by
many fine stereopticon views, including
a number of motion pictures.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
will run six exclusive excursions to
Alaska, season of- 1904, leaving: Seattle.
Tacoma and Victoria Juno T-21, July
5-19 and August 2-16.
Full Information, including illustrated
descriptive literature, may be obtained
at ticket offices. 4 New Montgomery
st. (Palace Hotel J or 10 Market st. C
D. Dunann, General Passenger Agent, •
Seeks Damages for Maliciousness.
W. F. Smith and Emma J. Smith,
his wife, arc the defendants in a suit
for $10,000 damages brought yesterday
by C. E. Hinkley. a real estate broker.
Hinkley claims that the Smiths, who
conduct the Falmouth Lodging-house
at 1040 Market street, maliciously
swore out a warrant for his arrest on
a charge of embezzlement, thereby
causing to be published their allega-
tions- that he had attempted to defraud
th^rn out of $100.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[Oriental Goods
i At Wholesale Prices ]
Wo Offer Onx Entire Xxtr» «a» CoJ.
1 MCEUBX CS
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent
Discount f/om reg-tOax retail pslots.
- We are sola agent* for
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
|Ghas.M.PlDm&Co.
? Cor. 9 th and Market Sts. :
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; ¦
SEMI-ANNUAL SALE
- -OF - -
SPECIAL VALUES
Two cases Extra Slzs WHITE BED SPREADS, hemmed
ready for use • • - • • $1-25 Bach
Ten cases Full She BED COMFORTERS, printed Sllk-
olina covering with Snowflake flllinij..$1.25 Each
Three cases ALL-WOOL WHITE BLANKETS, size suit-
ahle for thres-auarter hsds ....... ....-.$3.75 Bach
One case LACE CURTAINS in White, Ecru, Arahlan,
Renaissance and Madras: all new designs
; .,...:.. $3.00 Pair
One case BLEACHED DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, Sizes
8-4, 8-10 and 8-12; prtosV..... ....................
$2.50, $3.50 and $4.00 Each
These we have Napkins to matcheach design.
One hunirei dozen Hemmed HUCK TOWELS, full siza
and warranted Pure Linen .$2.00 Dozen
One hundred and flftu dozen Extra Size Hemmed and
Hemstitched LINEN HUCK TOWELS, assorted
Borders $3.00 Dozen
One case BLEACHED DOUBLE DAMASK NAPKINS, full
dinner size .$2.50 Dozen
Two hundred dozen BLEACHED SATIN- DAMASK
NAPKINS, extra.larue size and aDout.12 different
designs $3.50 Dozen
We will also have on sale this week our first shipment
of 36-INCH PRINTED PERCALES and a large assort-
ment of NEW JAPANESE WASH CREPES.
I ¦
i^T f^ T"* TT"^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention!
i nv-^ fl SHj All orders for samples or goods filled
- and shipped same day they are received.
. . .
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
1 A Big Success—Our Great
REMNANT SALE!
|! All last week the store was crowded to the doors. Thou-
(; sands of 3rards of remnants, hundreds of garments and many
B other articles have left our shelves and found a welcome else-
P where. All departments are participating. Dress Goods,.
! Silks, Trimmings, Household Furnishings, Suits, Coats,
v Skirts, etc, are being sold in many cases at half-price. Come
1 to-morrow without fail. The sale will not last much longer.
j $L25 FANCY SILK 57c YARD
1 1 The largest and most varied line of fancv silks for waists and
II dresses we have ever shown. They comprise a big choice of
I * strioed and checked taffetas, bourettcs, Roman stripes and swivel ct-
* fects in every variety of color and effect. These silks range in value
3 from 75c to $1.75 per yard, and will be offered on Monday in EH*
h lengths of 3 to 15 yards at the remnant sale price, yard J «^
2 $L50 TAFFETA 89c YARD \
|J 27-inch Extra Heavy BlackTaffeta; the rustling kind; a rich silk;
H never sold less than $1.50 per yard; remnant sale, price, QQ n
g yard ° 7^
I 60c COLLEGE CHECKS 25c YADD
N In lengths of 2 to 10 yards; serviceable for children's school
I 1 dresses, shirt waists, summer outing suits, etc.; 4. different size
h checks; full 40 inches wide; wool and mohair. Regulaj- value OC^»
I 60c yard; remnant sale price, yard '. • L*iJ\*
|! $L00 IRON-FRAME SICILIANS 49c YARD
\i In lengths of \V 2 to 8 yards; all colors and a deep, rich black;
H has a bright silk gloss finish; extra heavy iron frame weave. A gen-
R. cine English alpaca that sells on the reel aj $1.00; remnant j^Q^
y sale price, yard • • 7^
j % 50c CAMEL'S HAIP CHEVIOT 23c YARD
U In lengths from 2 to io yards; in Oxford grays, cadet, new
n bice, navy and black; extra weight, and the width is 38 inches.
[j Were 50c and, 60c on the bolt; remnant sale price, yard 23c*
1 50c SILK FINISH HENRIETTAS 23(TyARD
it Full 38 inches wide; in cream, pink, cardinal, baby blue, ruby
- red; fine twill; silk finish quality; suitable for fancy waists, kimo-
h nas, tea gowns, children's dancing costumes, etc. Worth 50c yZs%
|j yard; remnant sale price fcu/V
1 25c MERCERIZED SATEEN \1 1 M YARD
I Mercerized Sateen Lining; excellent quality; comes in all colors
} and black and white. This quality has always sold for 25c I^f*
3 yard ; remnant sale price 1 ¦ 2 w
J 35c TUXEDO MESH VEILING 15c YARD
3 Tuxedo Mesh Veiling; some plain and others in new novelty •
3 chenille dot effects. Always sold at 35c yard; remnant sale -I CA
] price, yard 1 *JW
j LADIES' 25c INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS 12^c
{I Ladies' Pure Linen Initial Handkerchiefs; very sheer and the
j initial is hand embroidered. Regular value 25c each; rem- ipU
H nant sale price, each * Lu\*
K 50c FANCY NECK RIBBONS 39c YARD
I Fancy Neck Ribbons; some of the novelties of the season in
t Dresden," Persian and novelty stripes; width 4 to 6 inches. 2Q*.
I Sold regularly at 50c and 75c a yard; remnant sale price, yard d7\*
i 35c ORIENTAL CUSHION TOPS 19c EACH
C Oriental Cushion Covers; new novelties, with scenic effects;
[ \ scroll designs, dragons, etc.; the real Oriental coloripgs so much in
> demand at the present time; 23 inches square. Sold regular- 1 Q_
V ly at 35c each; remnant sale price 17C
I $L50 KID GLOVES 95c PAIR
I i Kid Gloves at about half-price; an opportunity to secure the
k\ very best the market affords; our celebrated American Queen QCf-,
jl Gloves. Regularly $1.50 per pair; remnant sale price /JC
[\ $U5 HONEYCOMB SPREADS 93c
(i Full size; in beautiful Marseilles patterns, best finish. Ex- Q^^-,
g ccllent value at $1.35; remnant sale price ,7«jC
jj $i50 CABLE NET LACE CURTAINS $2.95 PAIR
p Made of genuine cable net, in the new ivory shade; plain centers;
I j dainty borders; entirely new effects. regularly at CO QC
|3 $4-50 a pair; remnant sale price .^. > 4)u.7J
[{ 60c TAPESTRY 39c YARD
B These tapestries are full 50 inches wide, in beautiful Oriental ef-
ts fects and Roman stripes; suitable for portieres, couch covers and
fi cozy corners. Sold regularly at 60c a yard; remnant sale 5Q,.
jj price OVC
I FURTHER REDUCTIONS IN READY-TO-WEAR GARMENTS
N Prices lower than ever. Assortments just as good. Expert .fitters.
I i Services free. /"
j SUIT REDUCTIONS
[j $20.00 Suits reduced to $8.7*»
M §25.00 Suits reduced to $ir».OO
I 1 ?33-OO Suits reduced to §19.75
I - r.n at RFTiiirTinNK
• M S10.00 Coats reduced to •. ?4».9.1
j-j Si 3.00 Coats reduced to. . . . .. ................. J?7.J»O
'.! S23.00 Coats reduced to 914.75
j $25.00 Coats reduced to J?1G.5O
H WAIST REDUCTIONS
;| $3.00 Flannel Waists reduced to .- $1.40
h S3-75 Flannel Waists reduced to Sli.-f.%
I"] $6.00 Silk Waists reduced to $4.(iO
U $2.50 Black 1 Sateen Petticoais reduced to A:;
[] No samples furnished. Order goods at once. If not satisfactory
|| jw« will refund money. *'-i-\
I MACjMJINI'S EXTRAORDINARY
B /I jj\ W~ £\w^ I /¦ III l" ' * mimi f\ I I
1 This sale will commence to-morrow at 9 a. m. Prices
1 have been .marked 'down regardless of the values of the
Ej Waists. A general clearance of great importance to women ¦
I — a time when they may secure fashionable Waists -of re- |
liable make at one-half original prices. We do not hesitate |
to state that this is th'e most attractive and unusual offer- |
ing of the year. • ' . ?^/ i
, All are high-grade goods— correct in every detail. |
There are a great many styles, but only a few of each 1
style. Owing to the incompleteness 'of the, sizes we de- §•
cided to make these .sacrifices : .
imported White imported French
silk-finished chev- flannel waists; en-
IOT WAISTS; two large tire line of broken sizes;
plaits and five small box- some handsomely silk. em- U
plaits on each side; trimmed broidered, others prettily H
with French pearl buttons; trimmed and tailor-stitched; H
fancy silk stock. A hand- all colors, including white
some waist. Sizes 32 to 40. and black. Former prices
Former price 4>O CA / $ (i > $ 7#r5O <l"T < 7EC > d» i EA
*«.OO. SALE 2k-VOU and .$8.30. M'^&Si*^
PRICE...... Y W " " Sale Price.. *?- J*T
VI '¦;¦¦' v ' '¦ ¦ ¦ " ¦ v '""•' ''¦ ~ '.'¦"; f-r.-y "
*\ ' "-^' ' " •
Our entire line of Waists, .• IMPORTED ENGLISH
• made of wool crepe pru- VESTING WAISTS; deep
nella cloth, fancy Bedford, yoke over shoulders, with
alpaca and other woolen ma- . ¦¦, . ,. , * . ¦ ¦ j
terials in white/ blue, navy, tucks. extendm K down front; V
red, gray,, tan/ green and duchess center plait trimmed
black. Sizes 34 'to 40. For- Wltn pearl buttons: fancy
mer prices $6.00, : 97.00, stock. S^es 36 to 48.
$7.25, $7.5O 4\ '-•— r g> Former price <_t- A g\g\
I and $7.7.1. $7.25. SALE 3fe__j..U0 §
1 SALEPRICE t" PRICE -..'.^T^ |
I CHIFFON VELVET WAISTS. Former price: $i.s. SALE I
¦ • PRICE... .." $9.OO 1
H : WHITE SILK CORDUROY WAISTS. Former price $11. fl
E SALE PRICE S7.5O fl
¦ ZIBELINE PLUSH WAISTS. Former price $10. SALE fl
¦ PRICE.:....... ....$5.50 I
I HUNDREDS OF OTHER STYLES, made of French Flannel. I
9 Cheviot, Oxford, Crepe and Alpaca. All arc proportionately re- i
§ 918-922: Market Street §Faber is a contractor who builds the
seating arrangements for arenas used
for boxing contests and in assumins
the obligation of the Yosemite Club
will have the • privilege of sub-letting
the Pavilion once every month for ex
hibitions, whether professional or
amateur. The lease of the Yosemite
Club has one year to run, with the op
tion of renewal at the expiration of
the year. --- —
There was filed for record .yesterday
in the Recorder's office an assignment
of a lease whereby the Yosemite Club
transfers its exclusive right to give
professional boxing exhibitions in Me
chanics* Pavilion to A, G. Faber.
In return for the transfer of the
leasehold Faber agrees to grant tho
Yosemite Club the privilege of using
the Pavilion for its exhibitions at the
monthly rental which it now pays un
der its lease with the Mechanics* Insti
tute.
Yosemite Club Transfers Its Eifclnslve
Privilege to Give Basins: Exhibi
tions to A. G. Faber.
and other protections instituted for the pur
poses of making It a safe and pleasant trip.
The occasion could be advertised as the open
ing of San Francisco as the center of trade for
tfae Pacific Ocean, or In commemoration of th<*
completion of. the Panama canal, or as a cen
te.nnial celebration of the discovery of the Pa
cific Ocean, tn 1513. Horace Greeley said ¦ "Go
West, young- man"; but when he goes west
from San Francisco he goes cast. It in the be
rlnninK of the east and the ending- of the west.
We are the center around which trade revolves
between the United States and all European
countries that are looking for trade with the
Orient and other Pacific Ocean points.
We have heard a treat deal about what this
city needs, and I am heartily In accord with all
practical civic prog~res«, but it seems better to
work toward a riven end than to string- out our
improvements over an Indefinite period on the
plan of the New City. Hall. It was an old one
before it was finished. Our bonds have been
voted, our Improvements will soon be under
way, and there appears to be no reason why
we cannot have all of this work completed in
time to present to the world a modern city
upon the hills and valleys of San Francisco In
1813. What would stimulate the prosperity of
this State to the extent that an exposition ot
this character would? What> would bring us
the needed railroad transportation quite so
quickly? What would advertise our resources,
develop our possibilities and exploit ' our beau
ties quite so much as the realization of this
euggestion for an exposition to be known as
the Pacific Ocean Exposition?
This plan'ts reepectfully submitted to you In
Its crudity with the . suggestion that this mat
ter be carefully considered, and if thought of
sufficient importance that It be the eubject for
our next eemi-annual dinner this ' spring and
take such other action as seems advisable to
further the promotion of this project. Respect
fully submitted. Yours very truly,
R. B. HALE.
Ladies, Don't Be Misled. Be Sure to
Have Baron's Label on Suits.
Baron's suits have become so famous
for style and fit it is therefore well for
the' stylish set to have Baron's label" on
their garments. For this week the bal
ance of the $25.00 suits will go at $12.50,
the $18.00 line $9.75. The famous $17.50
military ccat at $7.85 at Baron's Cloak
and Suit House, 762 Market street. ( •
ASSIGNS ITS LJEASEHOLD
OF MECHANICS' PAVIIJOX
Now that the police have Cannon's
story the concatenation .of evidence i is
nearly 'complete, and there only awaits
the of .It at the inquest or
hearing to - make a; strong ; case . against
Soeder." Without the information they
gained 1 from 'Cannon: they; would never
have been able* to convict the man they
have charged ; with murder. . --
'Detective ' Gibson J said yesterday In
regard ,' to | the letters he found - at' the
Meienberg. home, at 4800 Mission street,
the other day, that he did not deem that
they, had | anything to do with': the case
and that > he ,was not considering < them
at ' all.* t ."They have utterly; no , bearing
'on' the case," he said. VI have not given
Cannon saw Soeder and Blaise on the
walk that was the last ever, taken by
Blaise. This fact .is positively; known
and is strengthened by the fact that
Cannon was not working and spent his
time frequenting that. part ,'of the Bar
bary' Coast where Blaise took his last
walk. He admitted that he saw Soeder
nearly every I day, -but when _lt ! came
down .to av question of the night on
whlch.Blalse met ; his deaths he hesi
tated, and finally refused to say more, j
tervlew. At first Cannon denied that
he had been. seen by Gibson at .all or
that he knew Soeder, and said he was
in bed all day and did not. get up until
4 o'clock in the afternoon. When he
was told that he was seen at the Hall of
Justice with Detective Gibson identify
ing Soeder yesterday . long before 4
o'clock he admitted that Gibson .had
called on him. "Yes, Gibson was here,"
he said. "I knew Soeder very well. He
was down here i drinking with me for
two nights before the murder took
place. No, I never saw Blaise. He
never was with- Soeder when -¦ Soeder
came to the O. K. saloon: The night be
fore the murder | Soeder was here and
we had a bottle, of beer together."
SAW BLAISE AND SOEDER. ,
At .the. mention of his name Soeder
stood up. and after casting a haughty
glance at the crowd around him turned
to the magistrate to hear the?reading of
the charge. "You, . Leon ' Soeder,: are
charged with a felony, j to wit, murder."
As; the accusation was -read not a flick
er of an expression of fear or emotion
passed over the : prisoner's face, which
appeared haggard and drawn, telling of
the mental suffering that its ovvnerjias
passed' through despite 1 his efforts ' to
appear cool and i unconcerned 'through
out the'whole time he has been impTis
oned. ,. 4 . ; '•
The attorneys for the defendant said
they were ready, to proceed with" the
case and desired. that' it go on at once.
Assistant District: Attorney James *M.
Ha'nley ' appealed - for more time in
which. . to"; gather ' the witnesses in-the
case, of* which he said there were more
;than ; thirty. As Judge Cabanlss' calen
dar .was filled for the next . week he set
the'ease for,its. preliminary- hearing for
Wednesday afternoon, January 27/ at 2
: - Soeder was arraigned before Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday morning. He
was escorted to the courtroom by De
tective Tom Gibson. His face' bore the
same sarcasticrcold smile that has done
much to show the criminal characteris
tics of the "accused man since his in
carceration in the City Prison. . «
The courtroom.and the hallway lead
ing to It were crowded with a morbidly
curious crowd anxious to get a glimpse
of • the 1 man charged with* the" commis
sion of the cold-blooded crime. Crowd
ing and shoving they jammed the
courtroom and came under the disdain
ful'smile of the murder-charged man:
"Case of people versus Soeder," called
the bailiff. "Charge .willful murder." •
'.'Isfthe ,defendent, Soeder, present?"
asked the Judge! ; /
them a thought. Even if they were
worth \ anything ' we would not need
them." , - ' ¦•"'-• ¦¦ ¦
" The greater part: of , yesterday was
spent by Gibson with ' his newly dis
covered witness, and it is known' that
Cannon gave him ' information as 'to
Seeder's movements on the night that
Blaise was killed. The fact that" Can
non .was a- friend" of .Soeder and : saw
him every day is known from his own
admissions last' night. (
,- Cannon was : found ¦ in • the O. - K. . sa
loon, on Pacific street. It was evident
when - he was .first approached ' that . ha
would be a reluctant subject for an 'in-
The police yesterday discovered a
man by whom they expect to establish
the whereabouts of Leon Soeder on the
night his brother-in-law, Joseph Blaise,
was foully • murdered. That man Is
Frank Cannon, a cook, residing at 521
Pacific street. Cannon was a particu
lar friend of Soeder, 'and told the police
that he knew of the . whereaboutsSrt
the accused man on the night the mur
der was committed, i The night before
the murder Soeder was in the O. KJ
saloon, at 517 Pacific street, with Can
non and drinking heavily. Soeder fre
quently visited this' saloon and there
met Cannon, and' tho two would drink
together. , ,
Although the, police, as usual, refuse
to give out anything In regard to what
Cannon told them of Soeder, it is
known that Cannon is the only man yet
found who saw the murdered man after
supper on the night of the murder.
Whether Cannon : saw Soeder. and
Blaise going in the direction of Russian
Hill after i their j meal • at - the Mexican
restaurant, or saw them taking a
roundabout .walk -; to the scene of the
murder, is hot known. Cannon Was vis
ited by Detective Thomas Gibson late
Friday night, and \ yesterday . morning
he was taken to the City Prison, where
he identified Soeder.. .
OFTEX WITH SOEDER.
r ..." v
LEON SOEDER, THE ALLEGED SLATER OF HIS BROTHER-IN-LAW, JOSEPH BLAISE. AS ' HE APPEARED
•WHEN BEING ARRAIGNED ON THE CHARGE OF MURDER IN JUDGE CABANISS 1 COURT YESTER
DAY MORNING. ' \ - - , V. ' \ .
Joseph Kloess, who was convicted
of grand larcey by a jury in Judge
Lawlor's court, appeared for sen
tence yesterday. The Judge sentenced
him to serve four years in Folsom
penitentiary.
Kloess met Frank Adler. a sailor on
the revenue cutter Thetis, on the
night of October 16. Kloesa was at
tired in the uniform of the navy and
represented that he was assigned to
duty on the Ranger." Adler took him
to hl3 room, as he said he had no
money, and when Adler awakened
next morning Kloess had disapeared,
taking $86 of Adler's money.
It was shown that Kloess deserted
from the navy at Mare Island some
time before meeting Adler and that
he continued to wear the uniform to
enable him to victimize sailors in tho
service of the Government. He hat',
been convicted of petty larceny on a.
former occasion, but at the time ot
his arrest his photograph was not
taken, as he was suposed to be con
nected with the navy.
3Iasqueracles in the Uniform of tho
Navy After Deserting and Vic
timizes Sailor Men. .
Bernard Ward, the embezzling fin
ancial secretary of the Marine Fire
men's' Association, must spend seven
years at Folsom prison according: to
a Supreme Court order issued yestejr
day. It was argued that he should De
given a new trial because the clerk of
Judge Dunne's court had neglected to
write the minutes properly. The mis
take was corrected subsequently by.
the Judge by anew order. The Su
preme Court holds that the clerk's
error was thus properly rectified. The
original trial, took place In Decem
ber, 1899.: "-V.
Ward Must Go to Prison.
Steam and Civil Engineers Wanted.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that the fol
lowing examinations will be held at
San Francisco on the dates mention
ed: Assistant steam engineer, with
knowledge of refrigerating machinery,
February 3, 1904, salary per an
num; age limit 20 years or over; ap
plication form 1093. Civil engineer.
Philippine service, February 3 and 4,
to fill two vacancies at $1400 per an
num and two vacancies at $1800 per
annum; agre limit 18 to 40 years; ap
plication forms 2 and 375. Apply to
the United States Civil Service Com
mission, Washington, D. C, or to the
secretary. Consolidated Board of Civil
Service Examiners, 301 Jackson street,
San Francisco, for said application
forms, which should be properly exe
cuted and filed with the commission
at Washington.
The next thing to consider is the site, and a
plat of ground of twelve to fifteen hundred
acres could be located between the Ocean bou
levard drive ar.d the hills. What more delight
ful ecenic ride could be pictured than one from
the ocean around the exposition grounds, up
Ule **"*• WIUl * "^ne
r ThI k ic e F , arallr> ™* "d the panorama
of the San Francisco Bay an it. would appear
from the top of the hills in that vicinity! By
£f?< n /™S rl . y ? c te ™ c ** «> tn«e hills could
be laid out under the supervision of the Park
CcmmiEfioBers and the Immediate direction of
Superintendent McLaren, and . ver? artUUc
effect could be obtained. A wharf could be run
out into the ocean and bay steamers make the
trip through the Golden Gate on to the Pacific
Ocean. Tourists from the Interior parts of the
United States would value this triphlrtly in
order to say that they had ridden upon the.
peaceful water* of our old ocean, and lovers of
eature would be Interested in the trip because
of it* scenic beauty. The entrance to the expo
fition could be on a magnificent scale, such as
it was a* you entered from the lake at Chi
cago. The Golden Gate could be electric llgbted
This money could be raised easily, providing
it seemed practical to divide the subscription
into a ten-year proposition instead of raJs
l t P*} J &n at cnc «- Fl** millions of dollars
divided icto ten-year payments would mean
five hundreds of thousands of dollars per year
but as this rr.cn?y could be placed at Interest
»afely at 3 per cent during the ten-year period
"i I " fce " sar y f °r city to pay
¦w ut f«_1.4.X) per year. Ten yearly install
•:¦•-it* of S.4ZT450. placed at 3 per cent inter
• . <. compounding a* it comes In and the in
. -r«rt imo, in the ten years would amount
Ui five millions o f dollars. This would mean
about one-teeth of I per cent of our present
assessed valuation per year. Surely San Fran
cisco can afford to pay one-tenth of 1 per cent
of its assessed valuation for advertisement
purposes; and what greater advertisement
could eiie have tiian to carry out tte greatest
world s exposition ever attempted?
The proposition to hold a great world's
fair in this city has taken-" firm hold
among the merchants of San Francisco,
and the more the matter is discussed
the more enthusiastic they become. It
is proposed to call it the Pacific Ocean
Exposition, as September, 1913, is the
centennial of the discovery of the Pa
cific Ocean by Balboa.
New suggestions regarding it are be
ing made daily, a very pertinent one
advanced by a prominent merchant to
day beinj? that it be known as the
"Golden City." California is known as
the Golden State, the fair will be helj
in proximity to the Golden Gate and
now it is suggested that the buildings
• be sufficiently tipped with gilding to
¦justify the title of the Golden City,
'even as the grounds at St. Louis are
"designated as the White City.
The board of directors has authorized
its secretary to arrange for a confer
ence of the presidents of the various
commercial bodies at an early date. This
' may be the means of bringing the mat
ter officially before all the business men
of the city, so that concerted action
may be taken. In a letter to the Mer
chants' Association .R, B. Hale outlines
the preliminary steps very thoroughly,
lie says: I
To the Directors of the Merchant*' Associa
tion — Gentlemen: Numerous articles have
been published recently on the subject of -what
should be done to beautify and improve Kan
l'rancisco. and us all munk-ii>al improvements
are proper subjects for consideration by this
association, it occurred to me that, in conjunc
tion ' with th« discussion of other important
' matters, it might be well ror us to consider
one ¦which, to rr.y mind, is of much greater im
portance to this comniunHy than any eo far
suggested.
There are many reasons for bc-lieving that
San Francisco is on th* verge or very great
commercial prosperity. The J-anama canal will
probably be built; trade relations with the
Orient are constantly improving; our steam
ship service has lone b*en inadequate for the
demands of shippers and our foreign posses
sions have entered the eyes of the world upon
£aa. Francisco.
TIME IS KIPE.
Is the time not ripe fcr us to consider a
World's Imposition in Eaa Francsco in lDla?
This is looking far ah«ad. but It is better for
turn to build tor the future than tr> repent the
past. After long-continued agitation a cun
• vention finally assemMed in St. Louis on Jaa
oary 10, l£30, at which convention an executive
• committee was appointed which decided on
celebrating the event of the bouitiana Pur
• chase by a great world"s exposition to be held
Jn St. Louis. This was over five years befcre
the date fixed for the exposition. Five years
of active preparation would leave us six years
to develop the interest in a proposition of im
ir.ensa magnitude, ir St. T^ouis ran give an ex
position which will expend in that community
aprrcximatery ?0O.0O0,«)O0. why cannot ' Kan
Francisco develop an exposition of even treater
magnitude? St. Louis' population was, ao
I 1 cording: to the census in 1900. S7V-J8. This is
not very much greater than ours at t!>e pres
ent time, and certainly not greater than ours
will be ten years hence. Her bank deposits are
much leas than San Francisco's, and her caDi
*^L an<1 «urplus invested in banks was in July
JSKC only about 'JXt per cent more. St Louis
<an raise $5,000,000 fcy private eubscriDtim
55.000,000 by municipal bonds and reeved
53 000.000 frwn the Government of the United
Ftawa. San Francisco could do th« same
thine, and It might be possible that the State
or California would appropriate $5,000,000.
RAISING OF FUXDS.
KLOESS IS SENTENCED
TO SERVE FOUR YEARS
¦
i Mayor Schmitz has accepted the In
vitation tendered him to be in attend
ance, and says he considers It a privi
lege to be able to pay a tribute to the
memory of Father McKinnon. Colonel
O'Neil and staff will also be in attend
ance and the colonel will review the
participating companies.
The commute? is also much pleased
.that it has received the co-operation of
the Celtic Union, which is an elective
: body composed of delegates represent
i ing the Catholic societies of the city.
The band concert, military entertain
ment and ball to be held under the
auspices of the Catholic societies of this
city for the benefit of the McKinnon
memorial fund at Mechanics* Pavilion
on Thursday evening next promises to
be a grand success. The bands of the
First Regiment, N. G. C, and the
League of the Cross Cadets, comprising
about 100 pieces, will participate in the
concert, commencing at 7:43 o'clock,
after which the military programme
will begin. Dancing will conclude the
evening's entertainment.
• The societies under whpse auspices
the entertainment will be given are the
Young Men's Institute, the Young La
dies' Institute, . the Young Men's Cath
olic Union, the several divisions of the
Ancient Order of Hibernians, the la
dies' auxiliaries of the same, the
Knights of Columbus, Knights ot the
Red Branch Rlfies, Catholic Knights of
America, Celtic "Union and others. The
committee having the affair in charge
numbers about 200 ladies and gentle
men, who have been working ener
getically for the last three months to
make the affair a success. Judging;
from the advance sale of seats the at
tendance will be very large.
Aid McKinnon Memorial
Entertainment.
Will Do All in Its Power to
tic Over Plans for Big
Exposition.
Local Merchants Enthusias-
POPULAR COMPANY COM
MANDER OF LEAGUE OF
OF THE CROSS CADETS.
WELL - KNOWN MERCHANT
WHO ADVOCATES PRO
POSED EXPOSITION IN 1913
; As soon ; as the dead man's relatives
in- Germany can arrange it they will
undoubtedly have the remains disin
terred and buried In a private cemetery
or taken to his home in Germany.
' In the'dead wagon with a number of
the city's, pauper dead,', the body of Jo
seph Blaise was taken to Sunset Ceme
tery, in San Mateo County, and buried
yesterday by JCity Undertaker. Joseph
Hasan of 1703 Sacramento street. Un
dertaker Hagan visited Soeder at the
City Prison before the interment was
made and asked him if he did not want
to. have "the body 'of ' his murdered
brother-in-law Interred in a private
cemetery. Soeder at • first said that he
did; not care what was done with it,
but later told Hagan that he would re
move It from "the potter's field as soon
as he was cleared of the charge now
pending against, him and in a position
to pay. for a' decent burial.
The persistent denials that have
come from the ' police in - their en
deavor to prevent the attorneys . for
the accused man from learning what
evidence they have against. Soeder, so
that they cannot establish his defense,
have been of no avail. -The facts of
the cast as published have been too
conclusive. The poison' found in the
trunk of Blaise was hydrocyanic acid.
Miss Flatley. has made that statement
to the police. Yesterday she was
closeted with Chief Wittman, reciting
again all she knew about Soeder hav
ing in his possession the several bot
tles of poison that were subsequently
discovered by the police. Chief Witt
man says that Miss Catherine Flatley
has been. the most important witness
the police have yet found.
Coroner- Leland has' notified the police
that he is ready to hold the inquest, but
has been asked to delay it until the
police have been able to secure more
evidence against Soeder. The Jury the
v Coroner, has selected is composed of
the following named: Charles Hoover,
lodging-house keeper, 638 Sacramento
street; John Schmidt, saloon-keeper,
G17 Sacramento street;- E.. Blanquie,
restaurant' man, 613 Sacramento street;
Thomas Alexander. . hatter, 424% Mont
gomery street; J. M. Boas, cigar dealer,
4H Montgomery street; , M. G." McClin
ton, printer, 538 Sacramento street; A.
Bach, hop and malt- dealer, 531 Sacra
mento street; J. H. Loring, tinsmith,
527 Sacramento street, and W. J. Mc-
Creery," lodging-house owner, 639 Clay
street. * %.- . ' . .
. City Chemist A. C. Bothe made a par
tial report to Coroner Leland yesterday.
It verified in every way the statement
published in The Call exclusively on
Friday from Dr. Bacigalupi, autopsy
surgeon of the Morgue, fixing the hour
of the death of the murdered man.
Dr. -Bothe's report said: "He could
not have lived longer than an hour or
two after he had eaten his • meal. I
made tests for cyanide of potassium
and chloral, but found no evidence of
poison." - . .
The foregoing quoted report merely
adds to the information already given
as to- the probable hour of ! Joseph
Blaise's death. Dr. Bothe, although
lie could tell approximately how long
the food in the dead man's stomach
had been subjected to the juices of di
gestion, prepared slides of the undi
gested and partly digested food and
with the aid of the microscope firmly
established the space of time that
elapsed between Blaise's last meal and
his death.
Miss Standlee requested an explana
tion from the intruder. She received
no answer. Miss -Eaton then stood
guard while Miss Standlee went to the
dresser and removed her purse and
jewelry. A vigorous demand afterward
was made for the* burglar to come
forth. In a moment he dashed out of
the closet and made a grab for Miss
Eaton. The attack was sudden, but
the girls were equal to the occasion and
responded with their fists. The burglar
soon pleaded for them to retire, stating
that he,. would, depart Immediately.
They ceased doing pugilistic work and
stepped backward. With- a bound he
made'his exit through the open window,
and escaped. ? :. /
o'clock. This , arrangement met with
much objection on the part of the at
tGrneys. -Edward S. Salomon, one of
the attorneys, stated that they were
ready -to £c~ on with .the case. • and re
marked that, the police, with the aid of
i he newspapers,, had already convicted
the prisoner. ' He was sharply repri
manded by Judge ; Cabanlss, who told
him that he could not see how the
newspapers had any- connection with
the granting of 'an immediate hearing.
After a great deal of arguing the attor
neys for Soeder acquiesced and Soeder
was led back to his cell.
1)R. BOTIIE MAKES REPORT.
. VENTURA, Jan. 1C— Miss Carrie
Eaton, manager of the Oxnard office for
the telephone company, and Miss Grace
Standlee came out victorious in a fierce
struggle with a burglar at the Stand
lee residence in Oxnard. The young
and pretty girls demonstrated that
they were not afraid to give battle to
any invader who was after their val
uables.
• No one was in the house but the girls.
The elderly folks had gone out to visit
friends. Early in the evening, while
the young women were in the kitchen,
they, heard a noise. No attention was
paid to it. Later in the evening the
noise was repeated. Then the girls
started on an investigating tour and
found a man in »one of the bedroom
closets. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
This mountain road- is one mile in
length and is the only route from the
lower to the upper valley. It is nar
row, rough and rocky. There are
many sharp curves. It is about 600
feet straight down from the top of the
mountain to the valley below. The
hillside is covered with boulders and
brush. As the animals continued
their race their speed increased and
around the curves they slid. ' Many
times the buggy was on but the two
inner wheels. The occupants desired
to get out, but their traveling speed
was too great. That they kept to the
trail is due to the fact that > the
horses have traveled it many times.
A farmer started up the erade and
saw his peril. He hod barely time to
back his horses and drive off the road.
When within a short distance from
the lower valley the buggy upset.
Slossen and Woodard were pitched
from a precipice and landed in chap
paral. Both were severely cut and
bruised. The vehicle was demolished.
The frightened animals were thrown
into a sycamore tree.
VENTURA. Jan. 16.— A wild *md
dangerously exciting ride down a
steep 'and rocky mountain grade be
hind a runaway team was the experi
ence of Lawrence Slossen and R. J.
Woodard. Slossen is the youngest
son of Superintendent Slossen of Pine
Mountain Reservation. Woodard is
an Ann Arbor College chum of Slossen
and is on a visit to the Ojai Valley.
Early this morning the men secured
a livery team to tour the valley. They
went up the grade to the upper Ojai
Valley, stopping at a rancher's . for
luncheon. After spending a couple of
hours resting they began their home
ward journey. The animals were
lively and inclined to travel at a rapid
pace. When they neared the top$of
the grade the horses became frac
tious. Suddenly they plunged for
ward. Slossen and Woodard were
unable to control them. Down the
mountain grade they started on the
run.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Thrilling Struggle Takes Place
in a Room Before Mysteri
ous Invader of the Home Is
Put to Flight by Defenders
Occupants of the Vehicle Land
in Chapparal With Numerous
Injuries, and a Sycamore Tree
Stops the Frightened Horses
HAPLESS CRIMINAL •
LEAPS FROM WINDOW
BUGGY IS HURLED
FROM A PRECIPICE
Courageous Young Women at
Oxnard Cause Dismay to
an Intruder Who Secr.eted
Himself in One of the Closets
Two Young Men Have a Thrill
ing Experience While Driv
ing on a Steep, Rocky Moun
tain Grade in Ventura County
RUNAWAY
TEAM RACES
OVER CLIFF
GIRLS USE
FISTS UPON
A BURGLAR
"GOLDEN CITY"
AS NAME FOR
PROPOSED FAIR
POLICE FIND MAN WHO SAW SOEDER
ON NIGHT BLAISE WAS MURDERED
Frank Cannon, Cook, Says He Was With Accused Man Frequently
and Saw Him With Latter's Brother-in-Law on Evening of the
Crime™ Prisoijer's Preliminary Hearing Set for January 27
Pages 33 to 44
Pages 33 to 44
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1904/
CELTIC UNION
PROMISES ITS
CO-OPERATION
W&B -" o»/7$l ¦¦¦.-...¦¦OAKXAITD RaCETBACg — Saturday. January 16. — Weather fine. Track fast.
ST50. FIRST RACE— Futurity course, selling; 4-year-olds and up; valu« to nrst, |325.
,^?.!i Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. % .' %. %. 8tr. Fin. Jockey. Op! CK
5CC8 Ou/r.^S^ (Tnomas**: Co.).. 107 8. ... 6 % 4 1 *3 h 1 ns Larsen 777? T'lH
Mio t Ul \V.n . (^ E -. Rowell) 1O l 5 •'• 3%3%23 21 Hildebrand 4 5
5G'j3 Mirr^ / 1^ de^ 4 <Slnk Jr> - 934 ••• lhlnlnS3 J. Lewis... B-2 ' 2
6<S!)3 5,"o m «™ 4 <?• Sheridan) 98 1 ... 41 B%41 4 2 Kunz « 6
671U T^"' 4 (Jennlngrs Co.)... 103 2 ... 6 2 6 H « % 0 4 J. Martin.. 8 2O
6^ n°^ Ua P«. * (A. Ross) 106 « ... 2h 2 2 6 3 a h. Foley 8 15
572<> t>J Sa , T ' 6 (Boots & Co) m ° "• 9 8 82 7n C. Kelly... 4O-10O
4fiM rniS U ?\ 4 < Stewar t & Co.).. 110 7 .... 7 1%88 7 % 84 J. Daly.... 10 60
- 01 Light. 0 (McCaff erty) . . 1M 3 ... 8 6 7 n 9 9 _ Burns • 10 40
T - m oTi : i; 4 ' : i 48 ' 1:10^-' At post 4 minutes. Off at *18. Hainault place. 1: show. 1-2.
¦Sr«ifl»v2. ce> 9 " 6; Bh ° w . *-&¦ Winnifride, show, 3-5. Winner br. g. by St. Carlo-Ub-
Start ?Z3' Yalned ' by J- Reavey. Scratched— Sollnus, Emma Reubold. Lady Bimbo,
been ? ?& Won ln a hard dr!ve ot thr «e. It looked as if Hildebrand might have
":". a , Dlt too confident with Quiet. Hainault closed very strong. Fort Wayne raced
and this beat her. Scotsman showed Improvement.
B751. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; purao; two-year-olds; valua to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. V*.. %. %• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
5655 u r *£™ ?™tus (D. Cameron). 112 2 12 12 1 1% J. MartinTT 4-6
B61» LIlS^ X £* (B - Schreiber).... 112 3 23 21 2% Burns 8-5 11-5
Lltwrty star (H. K. Rowcll).. loo 4 '3 3 S 4 3 4 Hildebrsjid 15 8
5619 Pir»u» A? ce <E1 p r«mero).... 112 5 ...... 4 1 4 % 4 2 Tullet 8O 10O
1 ? T lreIla (Mrs. C. E. Miller).... 112 S .... ... 5 8 5 (T 5 8 J.Lewis... 15 25
0715 Neva Lee (Gregory & Co.).... 105 8 7 2 6 2 6 1% Kun» 20 BO
Gloomy Gus (Burns & W.)... 105 7 6 V, 1 1 7 Vt Bell 30 60
6619 ™ ?£ I \'r I . do1 , (H - E - Rowell) . . 112 1 8% 8 1 81 King •:, A • ;
0619 Edith. Vice (Blanchl & Co.).. 105 9 ... ... 9 9 9 Lama.... 15 25
Tlni A7ii 2 l? t :4 o % - At post 3^ minutes. Off at 2:48%. Brutus, place. 1-8: show. 1-5.
- £» f» !£**' ' 8how « i* 4 - Star, show, 1. Winner, ch. c. by Brutus-Princess. .Trained
eLnV S™!^?".- Scratched— Bose Ely, Lily Golding. Start good. Won easily. «eoond
tt drivl °g. "Winner run In Instead of out tc-day. Liberty Star U fast and
Star Head Dance will win toon. ~ Edith Vice away poorly. •Coupled with Liberty
B7C2. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; purse; three-year-olds; value to first <328.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. %. %. Str. Fin, j Jockey. I Op. O.
M0 ° 5Sm5 a » tche^ (T: G * Ferguson) W6 1 ... 1 1^1 1%1 2 12% J. MarUnT.! " 4-5 4-5
SMI* H? i er ( , Boots & Co -> 10* 8 ... 2 1 2 1 3 1%2 4 Burns 6 9-2
5727 rvi-^- F r a ?^ (D . Cameron)... 103 5 ... 3h 3 1%2 n S3 Larson...... B-2 16-5
B64B nt '^"t /Hamilton Co.) 110 4 ... 5 4 1 4. 4 46 J. Daly.... I 15 SO
0O4g Dr. Rowell (Blasingame Bros.) 106 2 ... 4 ip 5 5 Croaswalte .[ 10 12
rim vZ™*' Z 48 ' V 12% - At P 081 1% ml n u tes. Off at 3:09. Bear, place, 2-5; show out
c»n m 5r ei ;,? lace ' 6 " 5: Ehow ' 1 " 2 - Frank, show out. Winner, br. c. by St. George
fn i M ., tAlllste r- Trained by T. G. Ferguson. Scratched— Rockaway. Start poor. Won
: ««f rf a op * s «cond driving. Third stopping. Bear Catcher outbroke his company and
o a £r,r£X? r - exte nded. Formaster was played for a rood thing." H? L. Frank off poorly.
Dr. Rowell can do better than this.
57C fnd^ a R rd ?v^?l7 S fl m^'0 h ' Ut , fUrlOn8 ' : Adam ABdww.-Ute, stakes; 3-year-olds
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. OpT cT
*$£ J° h n A - Scott. 4 (M. Jones)... 95 1 ... 1 1^1 h "l n 1 h Hildebrand 1 18
5f§l Jockey Oub, 4 (W. Fisher)... 99 3 ... 3%21 2 1%2 h Larsen 8 7
.^Dainty. 4 (W. B.Jennings)... 02 10 ... o 1 8 k 0 h 3 1% kSS . r.'" I 16-5
( ?-%P Arcade > * (W. B. Jennings)... 106 5 ... 7 2 4 3? 4 % 4 2U J Martin «S ••
»£& | anNlchoI a«. 5 (B. & W.).... 104 4 ... 4n 5 1 3 h 5 n Foley. . . .. 8 12-5
•5453 Princess Tltania, 6 (Millln).. 98 2 ... 2n 3n 5 V, 6 2V, Reed 10 3O
,™tx tU r lta ' 4 (W - H - Kraft).... 05 11 .. ! 1O «4lS ? 8 ? 7 S % J Sonei"'" Ig SO
J5705> Martinmas. 4 (Henshall) 107 8 ..... 5 £-6 1%7 V, 8 4 Burn? ".. 16-5 6
( k?^ } Udge ' 3 (M ' J ' Da 'y> ;85 9 ••• 82t49 4 10?9 3 W Da t 20 SO
SwJ T D^y Green 4 (Follansbee).. 90 7 ...11 H n 10 2 Trkvers ••• •*•
5K« Dick Turpin. 3 (F. Reagan)... 01 8 ... 6h 72 8 2 11 J.Lewis... 8 8
Tlme-:23y 4 . U6%. 1:11%. 1:18%. At post 7% minutes. Oft at 8:46%. Scott, place. 7;
show, 7-2. Club, place. 3; ehow. 8-5. Dainty, stow. 3-5. I Winner ch h by Russel-
Bensallne. Trained by C. B. Lujk Scrat ched-Royal Rogue. Start good. Won In hard
fh to»i tbT l e ' ? Udeb J a 5 d »i aved hl ? h^ ra * for the final test and snatched the race from
the coala when he looked beaten. Jockey Club tired toward the end. Dainty was
i™?F fast ., Rna would h * v , e won ln a coupl* of more strides. Arcade did not en-
Joy clear sailing. San Nicholas in a pocket most of -the way. Princes* Tltania tired.
Martinmas slightly cut down. Dick Turpin. ran to his work. 'but yf&aahy. *La» Anre.
Futurita.
5754. FIFTH RACE-^-One mile; selling; 8-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. J Wt St. M. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey" OpI cTT
5671 O'Hagen; 5 (F. W. Doss) 891 1 6 8 4 n 4 1 2 U 1 V. Larsen fi-S 11 in
(5700) Gawalne, 6 <W. E. Cotton) 99 3 212%ln In2% HJldebra^d* « 2
B680 Harry Thatcher, a (H-astinge). 107 2 1 % 1 1 2 1%3 2 3 h ™Mi5tto I 12
5708 Byronerdale, 4 (J.M. Crane).. 91 6 3 1%8 V, 3 n 4 n 4 2 kunz r- In
•5730 Ethel Abbott. 3 (Mrs. Miller). 80 7 6 1%8 1 6 1%5 Vx 6 4 R. ColVman ' 5 10
66B7 Antolee. 6 (C. McCaff erty) .... 104 6 7 7 6482 63 Burns a «
5f»23 Harry Beck, 5 (Lynch & Co.). 101 4 4 1^5 1V.7 7 7 Foley s 19
5704 Tom Slavln. 6 (Clifford) .107 « ...... ... Bell ..V.'.W* 5 7
Time— :24%.- :50, 1:15, 1:41%. At post 4% minutes. Off at 4:15^ O'Hagen. place 3-5- show
, 1-3. Gawalne. place. 5-2: show. 6-5. Harry Thatcher, showf 2. Wlnne? b g by to
. Qallant-Sallle Hasen.J Trained by W. W. 1X. M . Scratched— Caronal.mtty Kelly B*?
Wonder, Lacy Crawford, Start good for all but Tom Slavln: Won in a gallop Next th7?e
- . driving hard. Winner bid up from $500 to $2000 by S. S. Bender and sold. • O'Hacen Wai
plunged on and had no trouble ln delivering. Gawalne ran his race- So did Harrv
Byronerdala can beat poor ones. . Ethel Abbott- went the overland. Antolea
¦ ¦ ' .won't do. *Left." -'•> . .;•¦¦'.' . ., ,
5755. SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; handicap; 4-year-olds and up; first. $300
Index Horse, and Owner. ., s : I Wt St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl."
(5671) Joe Leaser, -.6 (H.,. D. Beams). 00 . 2 2 1 2 1%2 1 2 n 1 ns Larsen T ~« • '
6695 Ben MaeDhul, 6 (P. Ryan).. 109 3 1 % 1 b. 1 n 1 h 2 1% Hildebrand* " a ift
6681 Incubator, * (Van Meter) 105 6 4 1%3 h 3 1^3 1%3 2% Burns .T7. 9-5 11?
B717 Leader. 4 (Jonnings & Co.)... 103 1 3h 4 2>4* 3 4 4 4 8 J . Martta. 5.2 a«
.6717 Our Bessie, 4,(J. F.Newman). 101 4 6 1^6 1H6 4 5 1 6 8 Ollphant .7 ?
6717 Major Tenny, 5 (Piedmont St.) 99 6 « 1%5 2%5 2^6 8 6 8 Kun»- ' • ii ik
5671 Flush of Gold, a (Owens) 97 7 7 7 7 7 7 jj Lewis! '.'. g 9
Time— :24%.:4S9i. 1:14, 1:39%. 1:46. At post l^i minutes. .Off at 4:38. Lesser Dlaee
6-2; show 6-5. Ben, place. 4; show. 3-2. Incubator, show. 2-5. Winner b Sw
Whitney-Hermie; Trained by Gil Summers. Start bad. Won in a hard drive of fhr*/
Joe Lesser outstayed MaeDhul. ' Incubator a false alarm. Leader a coward. Chf-
Bessie can do better than this when not busy. Major Tenny and Flush of Gold ni.
chance with the break. w no
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 16. — Crescent ' City
summary:
First race, six furlongs — Knowledge wen.
Alagrette second. Gus Herndon third. Time,
1:16.
Second race, three furlongs— Stella Allen
won, Vlperine eecond, Bllsswood third. Time,
:S6 1-5.
Third race, five furlongs — Jlmalong won. Big
Ben second, Frank Bell third. Time, l:0d 2-5.
Fourth race. Live Oak handicap, seven fur
longrs — Captain Arnold won. Ascension sec
t>nd. Vestry third. 'Time, 1:28 3-5. •
Fifth race, selling-, one and three-eighths
miles — Major Maneir won, The Messenger sec
ond. Colonel Tyler third. Time, 2:22.
Sixth race, one and three eighths miles — Bax
onet won. Handspinner second, Hayward Hua.
ter third. Time, 2:21 : 4^8. ¦ • . • ..- -.
The Belgians are greet pigeon breed
ers, and one of the choicest birds of
this kind is the .true Antwe>p. carrier,
which is comparatively rare. ;
a A. Arvedson's b. c. Rettus; W. O. Bower's
br. c. Ferd Madison, ch. f. Sylvia B; Alexander
Browns, br. f. by Nushagak-Addle W, b c by
NuEhagak-Pioche, b. c. by Nushagak-Adahalla,
b. f. by Prince Ansel-Mamie Martin- J T
Bunch's b. f. Zella McKlnney; I. L. Borden's
ch. c. Prince Robert; T. W. Barstow's b f
Just It; Mrs. E. W. . Callendlne's b. c 'sir
Carlton; John A. Cole's blk. c. Prince Valen
tine and b. t. Near Kinney; W. C. Greene's b.
f. Jessie Mac; Martin Carter's ch. f, by Nut
wood Wilkes-Zeta Carter, b c. by Nutwood
Wilkes-Ingar, b.< X.. by Nutwood Wllkes-Bessle
C and b. c. by T C-Lew O; S. Comlsto's b. f.
Alice C; C. A. Durfee's b. c. Gallndo and b c
Frank Covey; W. G. IHirfee'a to. f. by M>
Kinney-Leonor, - b. f. by Coronado-dam by
Guide and b. t. by Coronado-dam by'Woolsey
"Wl R. Murphy's b. c. Golden Boy George VT.
Ford's. b. f. Colane«r; Farls 8tock Farm's b tt
Morabella Benton and jr. t. Alice 'W' E.F
Heald's b. c. by Nutwood Wflkes-Princess Me'.
Kinney; S. H. Hoy's, ch. c. Ben Hoy; J. B.
Ivei-Bon's.. b. .c. North. Star and ch. c Derby-
S?.'f f : J V - F\. J?" 3 *"'* *>• c. by Elect* Moore-
Kitty K and b. t. by Elect Moor©- Black Swan-
J. vA. Jones'.* b. f. Bellmont, Georxe W. KlnffB
burys ,ch. .t. Delia Kl Ed KavanauKh's ch.
c. Staysail, William Morgan's blk, c Kaiser
bf. c. Una Boy, br, c* Signet; 8. F. Martin's
•blk. c. Kenneth C. A. J. Molera's br. c. by
McKinney-Dr. Frassee's Sister. A. i H. Mar
tin's b. c. Blennerhassett, I. Moorehouse's
bw.f. by Monterey-Maeenta. I. C. Mosher's
b. c. Oosoola, b. • t . Gluck;'. Robert Noble's
ch f. Rosebud. F. J. O'Brien's b.' t. Swilka,
Oakwood Stock Farm's b. t. by Owyhee-Pippa.
b. f. by Owyhee-Economy, b. r. Charles Derby-
Susie Mambrlno, b. t. by Charles Derby-Tone
b. f. by Owyhee-Nanie Smith; Mrs. 8. Run
yon's b. c. by Exioneer-Dextress, b. c. by
Mendocino-Coressa; J. W. Rea's b. f. MUs
Eva B, W. J.. Leet's b. f. ' Still Better. Wil
liam B. Rankin's b. f. McKinney Belle. Rose
dale Stock Farm's b. c. Washington McKln
ney-Dalla. b. c. "Washington McKlnney-Da
rian; Fred Raschen's b. " f. by Iran Alto-Bell
Bird, Ed Sewell's b. t. Lulu Mack, James K.
Wilson's b. t. EaBtern Lilly. Santa Rosa
Stock Farm's b. f. CarloclU. H. Hogoboom's
b. e. Palo Kinir, Thomas Smith's b. f by
McKinrey-Dalsy S, George Trank's br. t Lady
Baron, L. H. Todhunter's b. f. Zombell, b f
Zomitella; Valencia Stock Farm's br. f La
Belle Harriet,- b. g. by Direct Helr-Roeedrop;
C. H. Williams' br. c. by McKlnney-Twenty
third, B. F. Wellington's b. c Navarre, Lo
Moyne Will's br: c. Hancock Johnston, J.
Webber's b. f . Queen Fay, George L. War
low's b. f. Sextette.
The complete list oil entries for the
stake which will be run in 1906 fol
lows: £¦•"?£« J
C. A. Arvedson's blk. f. Ella A by' Sutter-
Lady Phelps, J. N. Anderson's blk. t. Delia
Derby by Charles Derby-Norah D, J. C. Ad
ams (three nominations), _W. O. Bowers' ch.
f. by Sliver B-May, Alex Brown's b. f. by
McKInney-PIoche, b. f. by Nushagak-Red
flower, br. c by Nushagak-Bonny Derby, br.
c. by Nushaguk-Chamois, br. c. by Nusharak-
Everette; T. W. Barstow's br. c. Nearest Mc-
Kinney by McKinney-Maud J. J. H. Bohen's br
f. Zona B by Zolock-Hytu. George T. Becker's
br. f. Bona Bruck by ¦ McKlnney-WTilsper.
Thomas H. Brent's br. f. Magladi by Del
Norte-Laurella, Georgo A. Cressey's ch. c.
by L. W. RuBsell-Elsle, b. c. by Prince Nut
wood-Daisy E; J. F. Colombet's b. c. by Mc-
Klnney-Prunella. James Coffin's b. c. Lord
Dillon by Sidney Dillon-Ladywell, Martin Car
ter's ch. f. by T C-Ingar b. c by Nutwood
Wilkes-Bessie C. b. c. by Nutwood Wllkes-
Lew G, b. f. by Stam B-Llda W; b. c. by
Zolock-Georgla B. ch. f. by T C-Queen C; W.
G. Durfee's b. c. by Petiirru-Ludenla, T. J.
Drals' b. «. Drals McKlnney by Gay McKln
ney-Blanche Ward. M. C. Delano's b. t. by
William Harold-Directress, William de Pon's
b. c. Vibrator by Azmoor-Melrose, Rae Felt's
br. c. Sain Direct' by Bonnie Direct (dam Sain
filly), br. c. J D by Jaywcod-Donna; Peter
Fryatt's b. f. . Easter Maid by Senator-Matid
B. Josle S. Frary's ch. c. Roy Dillon by Sid
ney Dlllon-Llsette, ¦ Patrick" Foley*s br
. The horses on which second pay
ments have been made for next year's
stake are: • •
Third payment has been made on
twenty-eight fashionably bred trotters
for this year's event. Second pay
ment has been made on seventy-six en
tries next year. An unusually long
number of entries have been made for
1906. Those which still remain in for
this year are:
Alex Brown's ch. c. by Prlnc* Ansel-Nose
gay. T. W. Barstow's b. f. True Heart. W.-
G. Durfee's b. c by McKinneyLeonor, W. G.
Durfee'a blk. c. by McKlnney-Belle, C. A.
Durfee's blk. c. Almaden, C. A. Durfee's b. c
Johnnie McKeniie. W. F. Maben's b. t. Ger
aldHie, E, A. Gammon's br. f. East«r Direct,
La Siesta Ranch's b. f. Wanda II. George J.
Morgan's br. f. Neergard, H. W. Meek's b. f.
Tabitha, W. Mastin's b. c. Marvin Wllkes.
Oakwood Stock Farm's br. f. Kalama, Oak
wood Stock Farm's br. f. Lucy Parry, Oak
wood Stock Farm's b. f. Bella Direct, Oak
wood Stock Farm's b. f. Directola. Oakwood
Stock Farm's b. c. Stilw«ll, ; Roeedale Stock:
Farm's b. f. by St. Whlps-Fila D. John Row
en's b. f. Bells, E. Z. Miller's b. c Stem
Boy, Thomas Smith's blk. c. General Frlsbie,
Thomas Smith's b. c. General Delary, C. I*
Jones' b. c. Carlokln, James H. Gray's blk. c
Carakina, James H. Gray's b. c. Calamanco,
George A. Kelly's b. c Bonnie McK. Geary &
Grindle's b. f. Clara Oakley, C. H. Williams'
ch. c. Col lls H.
The classic . . Occident stake for
three-year-old trotters, which is de
cided annually at the State Fair at
Sacramento, is growing steadily in
favor with the breeders of light har
ness horses. The. stake is increasing
in value each. year. In 1898 it was
worth $2525; in 1899, $2775; in 1900,
$2230; ln 1902, $3295.
It Is the Feature Event Each
¦ Year for Keinsnien at An
nual California State Fair
INCREASING
VALUE IS
Classic Stake Attracts a Great
Entry of Fashionably Bred
Light Harness Horses
The dogs which seem to have a
chance to-day for the . big money are
Quita, Golden Rule, Clover Blossom,
Glaucus and Harlean Gladys. The re
sults of yesterday's running in detail
with Judge Thomas Tierney's official
scores follow:
The Referee beat Intruder, 7-5; Qulta beat
Northern Lad, 5-O; Frisky Barbara (»eat Mar
irueritte, S-2; Creswick beat Master ClaJr. 5-O;
Flora Belle beat Doc Burns, 3-2: Cloudburst
beat Van Alba, 12-1; Oulda beat Young: John
nie Rex. 3-2; Craw-ford Belle i beat Mountain
Poet, 11-4; Golden Rule beat Reckless Acro
bat. 5-3; Wedrewood beat Gold Chain, 6-0;
Medley beat Doris, 5-2; Troublesome beat Ut
tle Lucy, 7-0; Ploughman beat Whisper, 24-0;
Querita Vincent beat My Bonnie King, 9-5;
Red Pepper 'beat /Young Fearless. 9-4; Real
Duchess beat Lord Goft, 21-3; Pacing- Billy
beat Rose of Gold. 11-6; Clover Blossom . beat
Belfast. 7-4; Royal Friend beat Bquator. 8-2;
Roy Hughle beat Beauty Gold, 6-2; Glaucus
beat Ml Amlgo. 5-3; Homer Boy beat Golden
Light, 8-1; Maid of Mercy beat America, 10-5;
Harlean Gladys beat Red Rock. 5-0; High
Born beat Laughing Water, 8-4; Topsy Turvy
beat Prosrero. 3-2; Haddington beat Piker,
7-4; Ooverdale beat May Flush. 8-1: Meddle
some beat Maid of the Glen, 7-3; lone Hill
beat Grand Marshal, 12-1; Boots beat Krishna,
4-2; Little Mercy beat Lost Girl,' 7-1; Viking
beat Foxy Qulller, 4-2; Fancy Fre« beat Una,
8-fl; Lulu Girl beat Our Minnie. 11-5; Prome
theus beat Mollie Me, 5-2; Texas Betty beat
Miss Wilson, 6-2; Jessie Dear beat Rose Tree,
4-3; Brilliancy beat Flower of Kerry. 4-0;
Monbells beat Yokowan. 6-1; Fannie Hughte
beat. Maid o' Gowrle, 7-1: Celtic beat Barefoot
Boy, 8-2;' Toronto beat Van Xora, 6-0; Lady
Plnta beat Northern Alarm, 18-7; Odd
Eyes beat Mirage, 13-4; Gold Lily beat Bone,
4-0; Ragged Actor beat Joe Pasha. 13-1; Menlo
Prince beat Bonnie Hustile. 8-4.
The greyhounds -which possessed
speed had their innings yesterday at
Ingleside Coursing Park, stamina not
being so necessary a quality as it has
been for some months past. The trials
were all good from the spectators'
point of view, without being too severe
a strain on the hounds. The longest
lasted one minute and fifty-two sec
onds.
The bettors who play long shots land
ed sufficiently often to keep in 1 good
cheer. Their best breaks with the tal
ent were when Lady Pinta beat North
ern Alarm; Celtic beat Barefoot Boy,
Fancy Free beat Una, Meddlesome'
beat Maid of the Glen, Red Pepper
beat Young Fearless, Creswick beat
Master Clair, . Flora Belle beat Doc
Burns; Golden Rule beat Reckless Ac
robat and Harlean Gladys beat Red
Rock.
The fifth was a heavy betting event
and a fast run race. Dolly Hayman
was made favorite, but Princess Tu
lane. Chub end M. F. Tarpey were al
most equally well backed. Tulane won
by a length from Cljub, with Tarpey
third. Booker on Chub rode a bad race,
taking his mount back a dozen lengths
behind the leader and keeping him
there to the stretch, when he let him
down. Chub ran over his field and was
closing on Tulane at the -wire. The last
mile was timed 1:40%, which is very
fast for the track. i ;
Silver Fizz was the goods In the last
race and went through without a hitch.
Platonius was second and Dr. Bernavs
third.
Weather fine, track good.
I First ra.c*, eelllnr. one mile — Ultruda. ' 108
(¦Booker). 3 to J, won: Euecleuth. 113 (Birken
ruth), 6 to 5, second; Laococn, 05 (Knapp), 7
to 1. third. Time, 1:*3^. Pat Hammon,
Capitol, May S, Heir Apparent, Err.ir and
Blue Rldse ateo ran.
Second race, three and one-half furlongs,
two-year-olds — Lady Lasca. "112 (Redfern), 7 to
20. won; Peirgy Mine, 112 (Adams), coupled
with La<Jv Lasca, second: VToodclaim, 102
< Walsh). 10 to 1, third. Time, 43U. Brown
Study and Heriin also ran.
Third raoe, celling, six furlongs — Gehelmness,
305 (Walsh). 1 to 3, •Ron; C. B. Campbell, 108
i Booker). 7 to 1, pecond; Skirmish. 99 (Sinnitt),
$ to 1. third. Time, 1 :16i4. Blue Miracle,
Educate. Troy, Andrattus and Lurd also ran.
Fourth race, hurdle handicap. San Gabriel
stakes, mile and a half — Charawind, 172 (Mc-
Puifh). 3 to It, won; Indian IL 133 (Tully), 4
to 1. second; Camba«re», 135 iRichards). 6 to
1. third. Time, 2:5<>H- Ceylon, Major Hooker
•nd Loyal S (coupled with Canjbaceres) also
ran.
Fifth race, handicap, mile and teventy yards
— Princess Tulane. 99 (Walsh), 3 to 1, Von;
Chub. 10r» (Booker). 13 tp 6, second; M. F
Tarpej-. 103 (Redfern). 7 to 2, third. Time.
145H-
Sixth race, sellln*-. mile and an eighth —
Silver Flrz. «ftl (Anderson), even. won-
Platonius. 104 (Prior), 11 to 5, second: I>r
Bernaj-e. 06 (Walsh). 12 to 1, third. Time."
1:57. Henry Clay Rye. Rio Shannon, Du
gartin and Mr. Robinson also ran.
Ultruda. at 3 to 1, won the first race,
at one mile, Buccleuth. the favorite, be
lns second and Laococn third.
The second event, for two-year-olds
at three and a half furlong?, was a gif t
to Dumell's entry, his two youngsters
Lady Lasca and Peggy Mine, finishing
one-two. Wood Claim was third. Lasca
has shown a rare turn of speed ln all
her races.
Gehcirr.neEs won the third event, over
six furlongs, from C. B. Campbell, with
Skirmish third. The winner was stop
ping badly In the last furlong and bare
ly lasted long enoungh to win by a
head.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 16. — Four fa
vorites and two second choices won the
purses to-day at Ascot. The Ban Ga
briel handicap hurdle event, at a mile
and a half over five hurdles and worth
$1140 to the winner, was the feature of
the card. Four of the races furnished
close and exciting finishes, but the oth
er two were easy for the favorites.
The handicap hurdle race, fourth on
the programme, went to Corrigan's big
Jumper Charawind, which carried 172
pounds and won pulled up from Indian
IL with Cambaceres third. Charawind
was played heavily even a.t the short
odds of 4 to 5, and went to the post at
3 to 5.
FIST TROTTERS
IN OCCIDENT
Captures the Two- Year-Old Kace
for Durnell, While Her Stable
Mate, Lady Mine, Buns Second
Bettors Who Play Them Land
Sufficiently Often to Keep in
Good Humor With Themselves
LADY LASCA HAS CLASS
LONG SHOTS SUCCESSFUL
Ed Corrigan's Bigr Bay Gelding
Wins Handily From Indian II
and Cambaceres at Ascot
Greyhounds With This Quality
Victorious Over Those With
Stamina at Inglesido Park
HURDLE HONORS
FOR CHARAWIND
SPEED COUNTS
ON THE FIELD
MT.SCATINE. Iowa. Jan. 18.— Developments
Indicate that O. F. Utterback. cashier of t*i*
Sejonrney Saviors Bank, who committed sui
cide Monday, was short * $47,000 in hi* a&.
counts, the result of •Deculatioas.
_ NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— Colonel
Bill, a racehorse owned by I* V. Bell
and valued at $25,000, is dead from,
spinal meningitis at Sheepshead Bay
track. He was injured at Aqueduct
last fall and the weight he had up at
the time was the cause of a wordy
war between Mr. Bell and Official
Handlcapper Vosburgh, which pre
cipitated a wide discussion arnons
horsemen. Colonel Bill was the sta
ble mate of Hermis until 'the latter
wa Bsold to E. R. Thomas for $60 -
000. He was believed by his owner
to be only a few pounds the inferior
of that horse.
Noted Racehorse Dies.
Pasadena Experts Play intOfxttn*
3Iatch on the Field of the
¦ft* * Country Club.
PASADEXA. Jan. 1«.— Society
turned out en masse to-day to sea a,
polo match at .the Country Club be
tween two teams mounted on burros
the first sport ot the kind ever en-
Joyed here. The players, well known
polo experts, were: Reds^ — Ellicott
Evans, captain; Joe Cudahy, Pago
Warden and Dr. H. J. Macoxnber.
Blues^ — John S. Cravens, captain- W
C. Burns, L. R. Macy and Harry kayl
The reds won by the score of 3 to 2
The sport was enjoyed hilariously by
all present save the burros, which
seemed to think some sort of trick
was being played on them. They
balked, bucked and brayed and would
not go where want?*?* So much fun
was got out of it that & return rana
will be played in two weeks.
POLO GAME OX BURROS
EXJOYED HHiARIOXJSIi'r
Twenty-five books cut ln yesterday.
Bill Henry chalked up prices for tha
Mar Club.
Charley Henshall purchased So
3 from "^ Jose P hs yesterday fpr
from grace and failure to keep his
track engagements brought about ths
ruling.
o. Major ' Montesol \ by Montesol-Lady
Gallndo, Paris StoJk Farm's Doctor
Cox. by Nutwood Wllkes- Judith; br.
c. James Farts by Mon bells - Edith;
Griffith' & -McConnell's * blk. t. by Bonnie
Direct-Nettle O, br. f. by Bonnie Direct-
Jennie Mac and b. t. by Bonnie Dlrect-Gulger;
M. O. GUI's br. c. Klnney G by Klnney Lou-
Mattie G; Robert Garslde's b. f. by McKlnney-
Althea; H. Hahn'a br. c. by Mendoclnq-Sallle
Benton; William Hashagen'o b. t. Roseleaf by
Falroee-Larney; George W. Hayes ch. c. Joe
Bowers by Silver B-Bessie; J. - B. Iverson's
b. t. Ruby McKlnney by McKlnney-Ruby and
blk. 'c. Roblneer by Robln-Ivoneer; C. L.
Jones br. f. Dlwalda by Diablo- Walda; Orvllle
O. Jonas' b. c. Ariel by Neernut-Mldget; J. A.
Klrkman'B br. c Volway by Stoneway-Vlva:
T. -F. Kiernan's ch. c.-Vasnut by Vasto- Daisy
Nutwood; George A. Kelly's rn. c. . by Antrim-
Birdie; P. "W. Lee'e'b. I. Stambtarte by Stam
B-Eetarte; William J. Leet's b. c. Dr. Rldgeway
by Iran AKo-Luclle: William Leech's b. t.
Hiawatha by HlBh Tariff-Silver Bells; A. J.
Molera's br. c by Excel-Melba; T. S. Mont
gomery's b. c. by McKlnney-Dixle; E. Z. Mil
ler's b. c. by Monochrome-Belle; George C.
Need's b. c. Golden by - Barondale-Mary • B;
Oakwood Park Stock Farm's blk. t. by Charles
Derby-Plppa, br. f . by Charles Derby-Nau
lakka, br. c. by Charles 'Derby-Inex, br. c.
by Owyhee-Lunado and b. f. Stam B-Ituna;
E. C. Pearfa ch. c. Electro by Butter-Buchu;
W.' Parson's b. c.McKinney P by McKinney-
Alberta; Rosedale Stock Farm's b. f. by Wash.
McKlnney-Dalia and b. f, by. Wash. McKinney-
Darian; John Rowen's ch. c. Lodi by Mono
chrome - Clarion and b. c. Will Jordan
by , Monochrome - Mission Belle; . Mrs.
Sol;/ Runyon's b. c. • Nushagak- Altwood;
Alfred Solano's b. f.Direct Stamboula by On
Stanley-Twinny Stamboul, and br. t. B«U«
Petlgru by Pettgru-Belle Pointer, and -b. o.
Prince de Gru by Pettlgru-Organette; Thomas
Smith's ch." c. by Nutwood Wilkes-Daisy 8;
Sutherland • & Chadboume'e b. c " Sam G by
Stam B-Bertle; C. Edgar Smith's blk. c. Direct
McKlnney by Rey - Direct-Lady Mack; - Santa
Rosa Stock Farm's b. f. . by. Sidney Dlllon-By
By, ch. f. by Sidney Dillon-Carlotta Wilkea.
ch. c.'by Sidney Dillon-Guy Cam, b. f. by Sid
ney Dillon by Guy. b. c. by Sidney Dil-
Pansy. ch. c. by Sidney Dillon-Russia Russell
and ch. t. by Sidney-DiUon-Blscaxa; L. H. Tod
hunter's : b. , c. by Zombro-The , Silver Bell and
b. c.by 2ombro-IteHa;,Tuttle Bros.' .b. , t. by
Stam B-Laurel; Frank 6. Turner's ch. c. by
Sldcey DIUon-Eveleeiv and ch. f. by Sidney
Dlllon-Roblet; Walter Tryon's br. . c. Colonel
A by "Aamoor-Topsy; Valencia Stock Farm's
br.^f.iby Derby Helr-Glendoveer and blk. t.
by. ;, Direct ¦ Heir-Ro«edrop; .Vendom* Stock
Farm's b.'c. Alto Klnney, by McKinney-Iran
ttlla, and b.f. Mrs. Wellor by.McKlnney-Much
Better; LeMoyne "Wills' b. , c. Julius LeMoyne
by Conifer-Bonnie Ela; C. H.\ Williams', b c.
by McKinr.ey-Net; George L. ;. Warlow's . b! c.
Jacoletls by Athable-Narcola; Dr. F. Walsh's
b. c. by Washington McKlnney' " '- ¦¦ -
Before one of the largest Saturday
gatherings of the season John A. Scott,
a 16 to 1 outsider, owned, by Milton
Jones, a wealthy young turfman of this
city, with "Peanuts" Hildebrand up,
defeated a crack aggregation of sprint
ers - for the rich Adam Andrew selling
stake at Oakland yesterday. Incident
ally he caused the timers to hang out a
new world's record for the distance of
1:18%. Like all events of this sort where
owners do their own handicapping, it
looked a hard guessing proposition, and
John A. Scott Justly, earned his victory
after a furious and exciting three-head
finish with Jockey Club and Dainty.
The winner has always been known as
an inconsistent performer, and this ac
counted for 'the long quotation made
about him. San Nicholas, carrying but
104 1 pounds . and ridden by Foley, was
the favorite, while the Jennings pair,
Dainty and Arcade, had second call.
The odds against Jockey Club fell from
10 to 7. As Frank Reagan thought Dick
Turpin, with his 91 pounds up, had a
Frank : Doss had O'Hagen primed ' for
a killing,", and a carload of money was
wagered on the ©elding to win the mil©
O'HAGEN : WIXS\ HANDILY.
Fresh from the barrier training
school, Garnet . Ferguson's colt Bear
Catcher made his reappearance in the
six-furlong run for three-year-olds. Al
though he had reeled off a mile in
1:40%, 4 to 5 in prof uslon , was laid about
the St. George colt. . Formaster, from
the Boots & Hollenbeck string, cut into
the game for the first time, 1 and his sta
ble.folks thought him oil from the can.
He did well, t even if. Bear Catcher did
gallop in front of him all the way, fin
ishing out the* Journey in •1:12%.'. "• H; Li
Frank, away from .the barrier poorly,
ran third;: four, lengths behind Formas
ter. Dr.- Rowell ran a dreary, dull race,
showing no speed, v
Many on this side of the bay figured
that the track would be heavy, but on
the contrary, it was dry and fast.
Favorites decamped with three purses
Willie Sink, who will shortly depart
for sunny France, furnished the fav
orite for the opening sprint over the
futurity course. Willie and his friends
ba,cked St. Winnifride down to 2 to 1
favoritism, and the filly finished third,
after cutting out most of the pace
Quiet, with Hildebrand in - the saddle,
looked a winner half a furlong from
the timers' clock, when Larsen finished
with a* rush on Hainault, getting a
nose decision. The winner was second
choice in the betting.
Prince Brutus made laughing stock
of the kindergarten class in the half
mile scramble for two-year-olds. He
was a 4 to 5 favorite with Jack Martin
on his back, and won In a broad snicker
from Henry Ach. ' The Prince tramped
the distance, in : 48%, with pounds in
reserve. Liberty Star, which ran cou
pled with Golden Idol, finished a good
third.fHBnBHHB9flflH
The winner was conditioned by
Charles B. Lusk and the chestnut
horse's win netted Owner Milt Jones
$3420. 4 •.:.¦_;..; . ... - ..
TRACK IS DRY AXD FAST.
The start was a good one, with John
A. Scott and his 95 pounds away in the
lead. He was soon Joined by Princess
Titanla and Jockey Club. Princess had
enough after three furlongs, and as the
stretch turn was approached Jockey
Club, though running second to Scott,
looked all over, a winner. As the first
half had been covered in :46%, the six
furlongs in 1:11%, those behind the two
leaders were groggy and staggering.
Hildebrand it seems had been saving
John A. Scott for the final Government
test, and playing his trump card with
the wire almost within reach, passed
the Judges a head in advance of Jockey
Club, astride which Larsen had ridden
a splendid race.
Almost like a spectral figure. Dainty,
with little Kunz on her back, came like
a flash from the bunch and, although
beaten two heads, would have won in
another stride or two. Arcade finished
fourth and the favorite, San Nicholas
fifth. The latter was hemmed in on the
rail almost from the time the barrier
was released.
SCOTT OFF* IX FRONT.
royal chance, the Eastern colt was well
supported.
Although Jack Martin rode two win
ners, Larsen carried off the honors.
Bob Smith's apprentice finished first
on Hainault, O'Hagen and Joe Lesser.
Larsen is modest and well behaved,
and, as his honesty is unquestioned,
his services are in great demand. On
two occasions he nosed out Hildebrand
and has the Yeager jockey hustling to
retain his laurels as the premier light
weight.
Jeddie Lewis was brought up from
Los Angeles by Frank Reagan to ride
Dick Turpin. The colt was outfooted
from the Jump.
Sidney Bender did not forget that
Frank Doss boosted Lord Melbourne
and when O'Hagen won Sidney was
on deck. He carried O'Hagen up
from $500 to $2000, when' Doss quit
bidding and the gelding changed
hands. Bender, it was said, bet
enough on O'Hagen to win him out.
Tommy Griffin, who has been rac
ing some horses at Los Angeles, was a
visitor at the track yesterday. He
liked the looks of things and will proh*
ably bring some horses up "here to
race. Tommy has a clever rider in
E. "Walsh and a shifty two-year-old
that might make Prince Brutus ex
tend himself.
Jockey- John Bullman was suspend
ed yesterday by the Judges at Oakland.
Bullman, it is said, has again fallen
selling affair. Caronal, Kitty Kelly,
Lacy Crawford and Bay "Wonder con
veniently., absented themselves," leaving
O'Hagen a 6 to 5 chance. Larsen. rode
the Doss entry, and after waiting upon
Harry Thatcher and Gawalne to the
stretch moved along leisurely and was
returned the easiest sort of a winner.
Gawalne outgamed Harry Thatcher,
taking place honors by almost a length.
Tom Slavin, the second choice, with
"Don't-ring-the" Bell up,- wheeled and
did not get away.
Seven faced the webbing In the mile
and a sixteenth handicap, and Incu
bator was installed favorite, with 105
pounds to negotiate. Incubator was
quite a horse about Chicago, but Windy
City form Is at a discount here. Ben
MacDhui, a 10 to 1 shot, piloted by Hil
debrand, made. all the running and at
the close only lost to Joe Lesser by a
nose In 1:46. Incubator ran into the
show. ::-.>¦'
NOTES OP THE TRACK.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, V SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1904.
Quoted at 1 6 to I and Superbly' Ridden by Hiidebrand, the Chest
nut Sprinter Is First in a Sensational Three-Head Finish With
Jockey Club and Dainty— Bear Catcher Wins in a Gallop
JOHN A.SCOTT CUTS EWORLD'S RECORD
IN THE ADAM ANDREW SELLING STAKE
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
34
¦-¦¦¦".-» ADVEBTiaEaCElTTS. ...
$1000 GIFT TO ANY I
I Q WEAK MAN!
-^ j^Is^Sa^g . I wjint to help men who oi
S /V.^rC ' * are w e aIt * n vitality, who o
Q y V^ 'jX^ y^?> Bre nervous, despondent 0
O \i^}«t§5¥!H. /yvd and lac^lns in self-confl- O
A /^*v V\ A^ hx&S&bk. I *S? dence; who feel as If eld <%
* / *\ W^V V_fl/ iC<y?A • y\\<y a *« was coming on too rt
A / >q4 \. Vh'V' /^«Hbb\. S//fo& soon because of the dull- h
% i fl\ lnfr of thPlr youtl jj 111 firo v
I help^en who hav^varl- '<$
8 i r*^\\W&3~g&XSM / Mr cocele. pains in the back. «
w I rheumatism, weak stom- O
S \ .^ * I i > mSsSm^^ ach and general lndica- <;?
O » 'S^-m * f I W^ I AW I f tions of breaking down. Q
S \ J ilTI s*^ l can heI P you lf you «
S \ yy^^^-^HRraalLIJ -~~ »— are such a man. and I o
5 '**Lr-^ - want you to feel sure of «%
£>• / :!^2J^H iicDL- __ ' L^~* '- man's money unless I can Q
« / ' -^ ;^4^lO»ia^^^ZI cure nlm - I wU1 not takft v
S> / •— —z -4*Ui li %nf*|^j^fi—^-— -_ an >' man's money if his <>
W / , "TZ^^^sarlif r6Tb*--»Z*~-^ case la Incurable by my *t>
6 /,{ *flV^*~~~*~> ' Electric Belt. I want you v
V iv *\\ KtP JTi5s\ j JfH > *^ s * v>^ to be sure of that, and I so O
/*/ 'wV wS \ make the following offer: o
I m V\M m/SmSa T wl11 P*^ 3 1000 8r° ld t0 *** weak mta 2
fl llsfVy 1* 'tHSS*csl "who nuim? newly Improved Electxlo Bel« S
/.'a 'III i'fSi ?*a as I direct and t»ie« proper car* of biiQjoU 8
I'M /!'/ j 'iJBKsSicI U I cannot make hlia aouad and stronsr. ***
i\M . 11' ;/ rlf;Hl l RMWBflk man who needs my treatment will V
Ij'iH 1 1 II (M\9&nBBSfr doubt my ability to cure him in the face of x
Uin '» I /)! ;ra»frpa this offer, and If you. reader, belong ln ths S
// li ¦ ESSm^ class of half-men. I want you to coma to Y
L^ ¦ / II.AjS me at once and let m« show you that I can S
f^lBlH WBB do f° r y° u wnat I have for thousands of '£
* fftTffillY$§s* ¦ 'il other men as bad or worse off. c£
!lllff/i//£*fl&U I bank on Electricity. It i3 a power that X
\\l\\lrl''&'uS wI11 P ut mcre llt " into anything ltvlnjr. It X
w»^t^^«»i « .»^ . wln restore paralyzed limbs; It Is llfs to «
7«v « ofsans; It drives away pain. It is doing: these things every S
& fr y> a , nd wh . y no i t0T you? Aro Incurable? Are you so far gone that *
g there is no hope for you? Are you a physical wreck? If not, then coma to *
« me. I can cure, and I will. y ¦ »
S o Vi. e us «. dra eTglnjr yourself around among men feelinr that you 8
8 JtfilS? like them, that you are not the man you ought to be, when you »
8 might as well hold up your head and fe*l like a two-y«ar-ol<J? S
S ?„. Don l y?." wan * , to . 'eel the vim and life ln your nerves as you used «
S 'ihl nl? 1 . sparkle l n your eye: to have the spring In your step and X
« 5 V^ htn6 f s to your heart that go with vigorous manhood? Life Is too S
£ short to miss any of the pleasures that belong to it; so why don't you ?£
» enjoy them as long as Nature intended? • «
g No man is too old to set this youth. See this: «
« DR. MCLAUGHLIN—I have been wearin* your Belt off and on for th» pact 8
ft it * y *^* a . 8 a «^ neni l lavUorator. and althou«h I am 73 ytars of *«• I must say X
« ™ *. under lt9 "trenKthenlnK Influence I have been able to hold my own wltn men »
Q J?^ Z£* V r *}??? l am * U fa tht> most wonderful remedy that I hav» ever 8
g used. <nd I attribuu my goon physical condition to Its affect. Tours truly. 8
8 O. W. SCOTT. Madison. Tola County. 8
W * I can take any man who has a spark of vitality left ln his veins and S
g ran lt Into a flame and make him feel like a" Hercules! 8
8 v 1 caj \ help a rheum atic to drop his cane and crutch and hop around Ilka 5>
Q a boy. I had a patient come into my office recently and Jump over a chair ' 8
8 to show me that he was youngr again. *5
S , Ho^^ do . 1 do lt? By flUl nsr the blood, the nerves, the organs and mas- «
» des with electric energy — that Is what Xature gave them at first; that U X
g what they have lost when you break down. «
S v,.,,^ 11^ I S^5 OW »J f" 1 "*- and that Is why I am so sure that I can (mr«. Ten 8
K have the body that needs the power, and I have the power and know how X
rf to use lt. «
5 ¦ DR. McLAUGHUN— Dear Sir: I «m glad to be able to tell you that the pates S
|S In mv back have disappeared, my strength is lmprovin» wonderfully, and am feel- «
$.fr Inr fine in every other way. better than I hav» for months. My muscles seem to be «
§ w firmer, and even my courage and s*lf-confldenee are returning. Toars traly. j?
Jrt MORGAN 1 C. "WILLIAMS. Box 13. Snohomlsh. Wash.. Dee. 22. 1903. «
'£ - . Do y° u notice how enthusiastic my patients seem to be? See the praise X
g they give me! They are all men full of an Idea, overflowing with exprea- «
g sion. Just as anyone Is who is Immensely pleased. «
g If you have been paying money to doctors and taking: nasty drur» for S
g years, and after getting no benefit from it all you find a new lease on life <>
g after using my Belt for a month, you will be enthusiastic, too. You will «
8 want to go out on the highways and shout, and you won't care who knows 8
H that you were once a weakling, because now you are cured and a man i5
o again. - z^
» „ , D ?; McLAUOKLTX— D«ar Sir: About two months aro I purchased one of S
** i our ., hl^" era< t? Belts, having suffered for fifteen years previously with Indlg-estlon O
KS Constipation Nervousness. Lumbago and. In fact, every part of my system was <5
g impaired. I began to Improve very shortly after applying the Belt and to-day I feel 3
5 like a two-year-old. My Constipation has been completely overcome and I now 8
5 have a regular movement of the bowels; something I have not had for fifteen years y
5 I take pleasure In recommending your Belt. Tours very truly, ' S
o> J. M. GASKILL. 220 'Chestnut ave.. Santa Cru*. Cal.. Nov. a. 1903. S
i5 "Why say more? Isn't this enough? Aren't you convinced that I can *
5 cure you? If you want more proof, tell me where you are and I can *ive *
g you names of people near you. You can see them and ask them what I
si have done for them. The word ot an honest man cured Is wortn more 5c
5 than all argument, and I have thousands of them. /-'-•¦ ™»» <%
5 Now don't delay. Enjoy all the happiness you may In this world. Yon 2
5 can have none without health and strength. Call and see me or write to S
5 me and let me tell you whether I can cure yon or not I have a beautifull v S
i> made book for men which explains my treatment. If you will send thtm &?
W ad. I will mail it. sealed, free. Consultation free. Act now. - - S
I Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, Ma Aetst. |
O Office Soars— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. <S
' -^ ADVEBTISEMENTS. ' r ¦ '
C IT IJI HII A COMMON
ft I ftKKIi COMPLAINT.
Catarrh begins with a stubborn cold in the head, inflammation or sore-
ness of the membrane or lining of the nose, discharge of mucus matter,
headaches, neuralgia and difficult breathing, and even in this early stage
is almost intolerable. But when the filthy secretions begin to drop back
into the throat and stomach, and the blood becomes polluted and the
system contaminated 1; '
hv fhf oitnrrTi^i t,oi'c t h&d. a continual headache, xny cheeks had grown
Dy trie cararrnai pois- purple, my note wa« alway. 'stopped up, my breath
On, then the Sufferer a sickening- and disgusting: odor, and I coughed
ti«"-rin<5 in Tf»-3li?r» n-Tnt n f I heard of S. S. S. and commenced to use
Degms to realize wnat a it and taking several bottles I was cured and
disgusting and Sicken- 5 a^« never since had the slightest symptom of the
in^ disease Catarrh }«? disease. Miss MARY L. STORM,
ing aisease is. ifortawoat Cor. "7th and Felix Bta.. St. Joeeph, ko.
It affects the kidneys
and stomach as well as other parts of the body. It is a constitutional
disease and as inhaling mixtures, salves, ointments, etc., are never more
than palliative or helpful, even in the beginning of Catarrh, what can
you expect from such treatment when it becomes chronic and the whole
system affected ? Only such a remedy as S. S. S. can reach this obsti-
e^""^ >»-^ nate » deep-seated disease and purge the blood of the
f(^l CO* c ? tarrhal poison. S. S. S. purifies and builds up the
lj^^ diseased blood, and the inflamed membranes are
Sealed and the excessive secretion of mucus ceases
, w^ when new, rich blood is coming to the diseased
parts, and a permanent cure is the result.
s - S-. S. is guaranteed purely vegetable and a reliable remedy for
Catarrh in all stages. Write if in need of medical advice; this will cost
you ti o tin n sr. - ...
THE SWIFT SPECiFMC CO.. ATLANTA, GA*
the best homes
When you ask for Marquette you are asking for the best
*hiske/ money can buy. no matter what price you are willing
to pay. . ,
Money can't make better whiskey, and it's only the -best
whiskey that is good enough.
If you are ill or some' one in your home is sick and in need
of a stimulant you are sure of purity when you give them Mar-
luette.
___„,¦ SPokN-PATRICK COMPANY,
i GROMMES & ULLRICH. > DISTRIBUTORS
DISTILLERS. 400 BATTERY ST.. S P
. \ CHICAGO. ILL." TELEPHONE MAIN 536
ADVESTISEMEHTS.
HAVANA CIGARS
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
P"'^ Km (9 E *"* ¦"¦«»»
k|i I ¦iiiii§^=-s'o tt
lilklHlii
"^ 1 0 .2 "
m * ¦flcscSBsJ^B^sflpV ' *^* " ' ' - '
EM • *^^^^^ J; « <t' James and ' Annie Schwartz to Aden Com
pany, lot on N line of Golden Gate avenue 151
W of Van Ness avenue. W 41:3 by N 120:" ?10.
India W. S. Spear «Scctt) (wife cf A.), to
Isidor Baron, lot on S line of Sutter street 165
W o; Octavla. W 27 :« b7 S 120; |:o.
Chambers Estate (corporation) to Margaret
E. a«d Sarah J. Chambers, lot on N line of
Sacramento street. 128:ft E of Buchanan E
77:« by N 127 :SU: S25.00O. ¦ .
M. Sbettel Company (corporation) to John
H Saunders. lot on S line of Bush street.- 82 •«
E of Webster. E 27:6 by S 137:6; $10,
Robert.. A.. Charles , D.. Benjamin S.. ajid
Sarah Dean {and as trustees of estate of Peter
Dean) to George B.' Burton, lot on SW corner
of Sacramento and Fill more streets S 79:6 by
W 10fi:3: SI.
. Peter Dean Company (corporation) to* same,
same: 510. .-..., , .
C F. A. sLangermann to Frederika Lenger
mann.- let on Silne of Turk street- .'100:3: W
of Steiner. W 75 by,S 137 :«; also lot on SW
Une of Japan street.- 275 ¦ SE 0/ Brannan, SE
27:6 by SW 117:6; also lot on E line of bale
placei 37:6 S of Golden Gate avenue, s 20 by
E 60; also lot .on E line oi Dale place 77-g S
of Golden Gate avenue. S 40 by E fO;"gift
Lulu F. Baldwin (Hamilton) to ¦William" H.
La..Boyteaux. lot on N line of Pacific avenue.
12O W of Pierce street. W 42:8 by >T127:St;
11O. • ' - ' ' ¦ • "¦ ¦ ¦¦;¦¦-.
Beblow Estate Company to Emma J. Johc
<w.lfe of Emll), lot on N line of Bush strctt.
157:8 E of Broderlck. E 20 by N 137:6; 1.1000.
- Emmeline C. and Edward • F. Cole to Isaac
Ai-derson. lot on NW corner of Frederick and
Ashbury streets. N 31 by XV J10; |10.
Michel J. and Nellie Guerln tu Alice R." Lee
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SATURDAY. JANUARY 16
United States Coast and Gesdetlc Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
•Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city Tront (Mission-street wharf) about 1'5
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. JANUARY 17.
Sun. rises .". 7:24
Sun sets 5:i»j
Moon sets (new) ....0:00 p. m.
Z Timel jTircei Time! Tlael
p 1 Ft. 1 Ft. ( Ft. 1 Ft.
» H W| |L W[ H \V| L W{
vf o7l6 4.6 4:42 3.0110:571 6.5 5:« —0 4
IS 0:03 4.6 5:24 3.0{ll:30i 5.3 6:le— 02
19 1:27 4.« «:04 3.0 12:l«j 6.1 t5:4« Ol
20 1:58 4.7 6:45 3.0 12:42 4.7 7:17 04
21 2:27 4:717:30 2.S 1:20 4.6 7:4S 0.6
22 2:S5 4.S! H:20! 2.7 2:07 4.2 8:26 10
23 3:24| 4.9! D:17| 2.6l 3:02 3.8 0:07 1.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hacd. column and the successive tides of the
• day in the order of occurrence aa to time; the
fourth Hire column gives the last tide of ths
day. except when there are hut thre« tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of ths United State*
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
gtven is ifubtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is tht mean
of the lower low waters. -
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Time Ball on the tower of the. Ferry
Building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
J. c. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Ueutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
"Stanch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N Mer
chants" Exchange. San Francisco Cal
January 16 1904.
Time Ball.
Ste "- m "-- Tor. I Sails.
nh * c °°** & Way Pts. [Jan. 1R
a . raI1< ? n >ka B way & Way Ports. IJan. IU
J* e "f !a Skagway fz Way Ports. IJan. 22
l Ph»n Pkagway & Way Ports. JJan 24
Kxcelsior rvv»ks Inlet * Wav Pts iFeb t
J.Dollar iValdez & Way Ports. .,Feb' 5
Tlie Overdue List.
Trie French bark Jeanne Cordonnler. which
arrivrd yesterday. 170 days from Swansea,
was reinsured »t 10 per cent. The overdue*
still to he heard from are cucted as follow*:
Paris. M per cent; Francesco Gius-ppe I, 10
ntr cent: Robert RIckmer", 15 per cent: Loch
Oredan. 00 ntr cent: Edwardina, 5<> per cent;
Uartaban, CO r*r cent.
«
Breaking Bar .Detain* Schooners.
The schooner .Crarica, bound on a codfishing
crofse. and the schooner Antelope trfed to go
to w* yesterday, but were obliged to turn
back <n account of th» breaking of the bar.
Ktxty-Seven Pays Off Cape Horn.
I-etails cf the s:orm which disabled th? bark
Willscr.tt aa-i cerrpelled her to put Into Stan
ley. F?.!k'*nd Islands, fcr repairs, were re
ceived y-rteniay at the Merchant*' Exchange.
Fhe xia* bonnd from Philadelphia for i^an
Diego. Phe was rff Cape Horn for sixty-seven
days fighting WWtCfljr gales. She lest for?
ar.d main tonmast b»ad» a^id iron work aloft.
The damaged too grar in falling injured the
steering gear. The Wlllscctt put into Stanley,
T.here tfmpcrary rerairs are being made. The
coal tn her ho!d was found heated, showing a
temperature of IIS degrees. Five hur.ared
tens were dir-cr-arsec? an3 the balanct cooled
by being turne-i over.
Too I^ite to Save Duty.
The British sM;i Alice A. Leigh, which ar
rived here yesterday. 10S days from Newcas
tle. A-.-straHa. reached port too late to save
the ravmeni of duty en her cargo of coal.
Had the vr*«el been more plentifully provis
ioned her vovaging would have been to better
purpose for the «-<-.n*:snees cf the cargo. Her
food eupply running low during the voyage,
her courw was shaped for Honolulu, which
port sht reached on December 22. Her store*
were rep!»ntih*d there.
Water Front Notes.
The United States training ship Mohican re
turr.ed yesterday from one cl her regular
cruise* and to-day will probably croceed I?
Mare Island.
The atramer Ckarlrs Nelson dockei yester
day at Steuart street/ »hei-e she will be made
r--ady for *ea. Ttie damage sustain* 1 In the
•t-irm mliich us nearly wrecked her ha* been
repaired and when *he the Nelson will be
as «iout and seaworthy ai ever.
Tht schooner Sequoia has been purchased by
William OUen of this city.
XV. H. Moore war treated at th* Harbor
H<rrU»' yesterday for a badly fractured el
bow. He was kicked by' a h^rse.
FOUR CLUBS WILL FORM
NORTHWESTER* LE.\GUE
Seattle Withdraws .and It.« Place Is
Taken by the Osdcn Club.
Guarantees Posted.
BPOKAXE. Wash.. Jan. 16.— The
directors of the Pacific National
LearJe met at the Hotel Spokane this
morning and finished all the business!
except making out the schedule before {
noon. The schedule committee will i
meet in Butte.
The principal events of importance
¦were the re-election of \V. H. Lucas
AS president of the league, the formal !
admission of Ogrden and th" with
dranal of the Seattle franchise. Pre«i- 1
dent Lucas was re-elected without op- !
position.
It developed at the meeting that '
President Lucas had anticipated the !
withdrawal of Scatt'e and last week !
v. ired Farrell to protect Ogden for the !
Pacific National League. To-day he i
received an answer stating ogden had I
been protected. The directors ratified i
ihe acUons of Lucas !n this matter!
sod formally voted Ogden's admission i
Butte tvaa represented by c H i
Lane, c»gden by \V. Binford. Salt Lake ¦
by John McCloskey and r?pokan» by '•
C H. Wiilisms. The league will con- j
fVtt of ilies*" four ciabs.
TTif oflirial name of the league will i
be changed from the Pacific National !
tr» the North western League. Each •
t Jul> iva* on hand with 51000 forfeit as '
ti guarantee to finish the season.
XE\V5^ OF THE OCEAX.
Mattcrs of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Th« Ctmsn steamer Serbia of the Kosmos
l;r.e Vailed yesterday for lUmban and way
iort« with a general merchandise rargo raluM
»t K&SM and «'.!str^b'Jted as follows: Fcr
M°si'-o $ IS 623; Centra! America. *60G5; # Ecua-
FROM SEATTLE.
Church v "WTilte\.of Atchlson regrets
that the raerchants of the present day
do not do business as they, did at
Halnesvllle, Mo., where he was reared.
The 'Custom there .was to settle with
the store once a j year, on the first of
January. Once "White's father went in
to McCrory's store to settle. "What's
my bill?" he asked of McCrory.
George,'* said McCrory. "pay what you
think is right; I aln't'kept no account."
All work: for a two-story and basement frame
residence- on' 8 lln* of California, street. 131:3
E'of Webeter E 25 by N 137 :«. Western Ad
dition block 272-.. $7355. >
(wife of E. S.). lot on W Iin* of Ehrader
street. 150 S of Carl: S 25 by W 100; $10.
! Edward G. Dennlston to Albion S. Perley.
! lot on W line of Dolores etr*et. 129 :5U N of
Sixteenth, N 39:6, SW 2SS:S. S 33:5^. XE
2S7:6; also Jot en W line of Dolores street.
227.S X of Sixteenth. N 97:7*i. SW 293:1. S
\97:7ii. NE 290:3«ts, quitclaim deed; |l.
Henry C. and Sarah A. Walker to Cyrus I.
¦ Spencer, lot on S line of Army street, 100 E
: of Guerrero. E 25 by 8 101:6; *10.
Dorothea M. Klumpke to Matsugaro Tsuka
! moto. lot on XW corner of Twenty-third »tre«
I and San Jose a\enue. W 41 N 114, E 54:0*i.
! S 114:10; $65rt>.
D. F. and Margaret E. F. Roberts to Jennie
Sass (wife of Louls». lot on W Une of Dolorei
i street. 130 N of Twenty-third. N 30 by W
I 117:t>; ?10.
Louis Sass to Jennie Saaa, same; gift.
Cornelius and Etta Shea to Randolph C.
' Surbridjse, lot on >T line of Twenty-fifth street,
1C0 AV of Noe. W 55 by N 114; $10.
1 D. A. Curtin to same. ««rae; ?10.
I Catherine and W. H. Johnstcne to Henry
E. Mathews. lot on SW line of State* street.
3S3:UH SE of Douglass, SE 32, E 35. N
40:7Vi, W 41: *10.
Therese Schad to Therese P. Schad, lot on
SW corner of Washington street and Dunbar
alley. S 53:6 by W 22:6; gift.
Emma, David E., Ann M. and Martha
Thompson to Edwin XV. Newhall, lot on N line'
of. California street, 67:0 W of Sansome, W 40
by.N'.M; 15.
Robert Rodcers to Frederick Farinoll. re
record 0 D. 387. lot on S'line of Commercial
str*«t. C3:6 E of Kearny, E 14 by S 6>); |2S00.
Catherine Dinsmore to Louise Boutel, lot on
S »lne of Vallejo street. 160:6 W of Jones, W
23 by S 60: |1.
I Edward H. and Katberine Howard to Frank
! E. and Julia P. Baker. lot on XW Une of Na
toma. 225 E of Ninth. NE 25 by XW 75; *1<*.
Charles G. and Dorothea A. Gebhardt to Ed
ward Rolkin, lot on W corner of Natoma and
Third streets. SW 150, XW SO, NE 75, SE 50,
NE 75. SE 30; »!0.
City ?.nd County of San Francisco to I»aae
! T. MlllUen. lot on SW corner of Connecticut
1 and Colusa streets, S M by W 10O; $ .
Emily F. ' Arey to same, rerecord 1376 D.
231. lot on SW lin» of Twenty-eighth, avenue.
150 SE of H street. SE 75 by SW 100:, block
514. Bay Vltw Homestead: also lot on SW
corner of Connecticut and Colusa streets. S '5O
by W l(iO. block : a!st> lot on W lln« of
Indiana street. 50 K of Colusa. N 75 07 W 100.
and property out of county: $10. • - - .
Jessie and Albert E. Mtlllken to Charles L.
Tllden. same: also lot on W line of Thirty
eiRtith avenue, 100 N of C street, N 120 by W
120: ?10. - . • • -
i David and Grace Schneider to Frank Schnei- ,
I der. undivided ninth of lot en W line of Ken
tucky street, 125 S of Twenty-second. S 50 by ¦
W 100: $10. . t
Estate of John P. ' Harrington tby Union
Trust Company.' executor)' to Emma C. Gunn. ,
lot on E line of Eleventh avenue. 150 N of
CUment street. N 50 by E 12!>: ?16I0. ¦
James Fisher to Helma L. Olsen, let on-W
line -of Seventh avenue. 332 S of 'California
street. S 26 by W 120. quitclaim deed; *1. . .
Helma L. Olsen to Emelle A,' Allen, same;
$10. - - - • .,. r*».~,
Robert and Christine F. McMillan to William
E. E«te« -lot on E line of Forty-seventh'ave
nu». 22*» N" of K street. N 25 by E 120; S10.
David and Grace Sclinetder to Frank Schnei
der, lot on S line of Eleventh avenue. 150 E of
P street. E 25 try S 1C0- $10.
j Sadie and Fred : C. bchaertzer to S. Ducas
i Company, lot on E "line of Chenery street. . M
I S of RmidalL S.2S. E 115.. N 25. W.108, lots 7
and R. block IS. Fairmonnt Tract: *10. "
Annie Caliely to Guataf Llndholm. lot on N*
line cf^ West Park street. 113:0 E of Holly. E
25 by N 1C0. lot 5S, block 3, Holly Park; *10.
Balldingr Contracts.
Emanu-El Kindergarten '(owner) with
Eruecker * "- Lewi* ; (contractors); architects ]
Bliss & Faville — All work except electric fix- '
tures furnace, finish - .hardware, hot- water :
heater. - paving sidewalks and yard 'for kinder
garten building on -corner of Chesley.- Harrison
and Homer streets; J64S0. ¦ ¦ .
Emruellne-B. Paxton (owner) with Hills &
Fisher- (contractors)., architect j . AH
¦work except mantels for" a two-story tram*
building on N line of Eighteenth ' utreet, 20 E
of Clara- avenue. E 25 by N" 110: $V.75.
Antonio Drpaoii lownert with Frank D«
martint & Bros, (contractor* and architects^—
All work except mantels,, iras -fixtures and
shades. for a. three-story and basement franns
building" 1 flats) on S line of Waller street.- 325
W of Fillmore: $5323. - . . <" .
Henry E. Bothin (owner) with Thomas H.
Day's ' Sons (contractors^ 'architects Cunning
ham & Pollteo — Carpenter, mill, glass galvan
ized Iron. 'glazing, roofing, tinning., plastering,
painting and hardware for a thre«-stcry and
basement brick building on ' NW corner - of
Folf om and Ecker streets. W 80 by * N 80;
$33S5. ' .. - -
Same owner with G; C. Sweeney (contrac
tor*, architects • same. Gasfittlng. plumblnfc
and* sewering for same on fame: |10t5.
Eva - A. - Haxe rowner) with B. - T. Owsley
(contractor), architect Frank S. Vaa Treea—
<"onipany Opens Fitrht,
TTie Pacing <".-a»t Steamship Company has
opened the fight aialnst the lumber schooner
ptople who have been invading the coast pas
f-r.rer trnde at cut rates. The preliminary
?iep i* the chartering of the new «choon»r
Willis A. Holder., which as a starter will
rarry l.VX>,0CO feet rf lumber from Evrett to
Sar, Pedro. Oth»r b^ats will be engaged, and.
arrordlns to steemrtir* officials, the Pacific
i>a«t r<<onle will continue In the coast lumber
trade on a larce seal* until th« regular lum
ber traiers agree to give up their passenger
trade and confine their op»rat!-rs to haadiing
freiicr.t.
NEW IORK— Sailed Jaa 16— Stmr Heckla.
Stmr Or»ron. Doran. S^^i' hours from Pert
land. vl« Aatcria 48 hours.
Strrr Fulton. I-ee. 12 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr AVhit»rtjorr«. Ol«?n. 18 houra . from
Greenwood: up river direct.
Stmr South Bay. Jamiesoo, 31 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr W H Krueer. Ahlin, 30 hours from
Eurrka-
L" S itmr Mohican, Day. 4 days from San
Di^go.
Stmr Rainier. Han»en. Seattle and What
com.
Jap itmr America Mtrv. Going:. 29 days 10
hovrs S5 miuutes from Hcnekcng, Yoko
hama 15 dayo r.rt bourn 6 minutes, via Hono
lulu a <iays IS houri 3-9 minutes.
Br shin Alice A L#i«:h. Davlvrxi. 10« dayt
frnm Newca*Ue, Auj. via Honolulu 26 day*.
Fr bark Jeanne Cordonnler. Porcher. 170
davn from Swansea.
• Pchr Novelty. Hoffman. 11 days from Wll-4
lapa Harbcr.
CLEARED.
Saturday, January 16.
Stmr S»n Juan, Urry, Panama; Pacific Mail
Steamship Co. . -
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; Paeiflc
Coast Steamship Co.
?trar Rainier. Har.esn. Seattle; Pollard
Steamrtilp Co.
Stmr Oregon. r>oran. Astoria; Oregon Rail
read and Navigation Co.
Ger sMd Mardalene, Brunning. Portlaad;
Meyer. Wilson & Co.
Br f.hlo Duchalburn. Forbes, Sydney; G W
McNear.
Schr Mary and Ida. lpsen. Sand Point;
Alaska CodCsfa Co.
SAILKD.
Saturday. January 16.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson. Kureka.
Stnir Bonit?.. G!e!ow. San Pedro.
Stmr Oty of Puebla. Jersen. Victoria.
.Stmr San Juan. Urry. Panama, etc.
Ftmr Point Arena. Milier. Mendocino.
Stmr Scotia. Johnwan. Eureka.
Ger nmr Strb'.e, Bradhering, Hamburg and
way ports.
N»r stmr Tellus. Arntzen. I^adysmlth.
Schr A-nteiope, •Widderstrom, Coquille River.
RETURNED.
Saturday. January 16.
Schr Czarina, benee to-day for Sand Point,
schr Antfloce. h»nce to-day for Coquille. and
pilot-boats Lady Mine and America returned
to port on account of bar betng roujrh.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOCOS. Jan 1«, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy;, wind S. velocity « miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr ».1-KI
from Skagway: stmr Geo Loomls. hence t2th-
Sailed Jan 16 — Stmr Cottage City, for Skag
way.
CASPAR— Arrived j«. n 15 — Stmr South
CoasSr henre Jan 15.
GRAT.S HARBOR— Sailed Jan IS— Stmr Ho
mer, for San Pedro.
VEXTL'RA— Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Asuncion,
fcr San Franci»?o.
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived Jan 15. 7 a m—
Stmr Mandalay. hence Jan 13.
Sailed Jan 15. 2:M p m— Etmr Coquilie
River, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 16— Br etmr Oanfa.
for Liverpool. -'
Sailed Jan It— Fr bark Eugenie Fautrel, fcr
Queen stow n.
Arrived Jan I*v— Bktn Ouicksteo. from Pan
Ptdro; schr S T Alexander, from Port Loa
Angeles. .
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan li— Schr Espatla.
for Grays Harbor. Jan 16 — Schr Stimson, for
Ballard; eehr Beulah. for Umpqua.
Arrived Jan 16 — Stmr Alcatraz, from Green
wood. •
PORT HARFOP.D— Arrivtd Jan 16— Stmr
Coos Bay, from San Pedro, to sail for San
Francisco Jan 17. at 2 a m.
CLEOXE — Sailed Jan 16— jEtmr National
City, for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Sailtd Jan 16— Stmr New
burg, fcr . San Francisco; *tmr Sequoia, for
Monterey; »chr Jas H Brace, for San Pedro;
senr Fred E Sander, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived , Jan 13 — Bark Olym
pic, hence Jan 3.
Arrived Jan 16 — Stmr Korea, from Yoko
hama. • • -
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK — Cleared Jan 16 and sails Jan I
17— Stmr Alackan, for San Dlera and San
FrancUco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EAST IXJNDON— Arrived Jan 13— Br rtmr
Vermont, from Portland. Or.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Jan S— Br stmr Wyn
erlc. ¦ for . - •
Arrived trior to Jan 16— Stmr Doric, from
San FrancUco. via Honolulu, for Hon^Von-,
etmr Shawmut, from Tacoma. for MsVflla •
ADELAIDE— Sailed Jan 15— Schr Alumna,
fcr Honolulu. . .
LIVERPOOL— Returned Jan H— Br ship
G>nburn. from Liverpool, for San FrancLsco
¦ VALPARAISO — In port Dec 21 Br bark
Auldgirtb. for Fan Francisco, via nitrate port
Sailed Dec 56 — Ger stror Ramses, for Ham
burg. Dec 2»— Ger itrar Isls. for Hamburg
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 25— Br stmr Lo - w
ther Castle, for New York.-
Arrived prior to Jan 16— Stmr Athenian,
from .Vancourer. via Yokohama.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Dec 27— Aua itmr Kobe
for Calcutta.
CAPE TOWN— Sailed Dec 12— Schr Watson
A West, for Grays Harbor.
1 BEACHY HEAD — Passed Jan 16— Fr bark
Suzanne, hence' Sept 6, for Hull.
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan 16 — Jaj> «tmr Tosa
Maru. from Hongkong.. . ,
MAZATLAN— Sailed Jan 14— Stmr Citv of
Sydney, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, January 1"
Steamer. Destination. ! Sails.) Pier.
——I 1
January 17. I 1
S. Monica.. Los Anseles Ports. 12 m'Pier 2
Chehalls... Los Aniseles Ports. 9 amjpier U
Coronodo.. Lo* Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 3 am Pier 11
Poircna j Humboldt 1:30 p Pier a
Iaqua Humboldt ji2 mfPlsr 2
January 18. I j
F. Leggett. Los Xanele* Ports. 112 nvPier 2
Xevadan... Hcno. & Kahuiui.i 3 pm!Pler 23
Oresron Astcria ft: Portlandill amIPier 2*
Homer Lcs Angeles Ports. |10 amlPier 2
January 19. I I
Czarina Coos Bay direct...! IPIer «,
Elizabeth.. Coquille River | 5 pmPier 20
Eureka Humboldt | 9 am Pier 13
S. Barbara. Lcs Angeles Ports. 4 pm-Pler 2
CMco Coquille River 8 pmiPler 2
Arcata Cco« B. & Tt Orfnl|12 mlPler 13
January 20. I
Rival ¦SViUapa Harbor... 4 pmtPler 20
Centralia.. Los Angles Ports. 10 amlPler 19
Coos Hay.. Fan Pedro & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p'Pler 9
I January 31. I ¦ j
Vmatilla...' Po«t Scujid Ports. Ill amlPler 9
J. Dollar... I Seattle & Tacoma. I S pm!Pier 29
G. Llndaner! Gray* Harbor -SPler —
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts 2 pmiPler 7
Porno...... Pt. Arena A Albion 8 pm Piir 2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 amlPler 11
January 22. !
Redondo.-- L«s Angeles Ports. 4 pmlPier 2
NVwburi..j fJray« Harbor 4 pmlPter 10
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm) Pier 20
January 23. I I
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdeno 4 pmlPier 2
Colon. NT. Y. via Panama. 112 mlPier 40
G. W. Eldet Astoria & Portland!tl amIPier 2*
North Fork HumboMt I S pmlPier 20
January 24. I j ¦ " "
Bonfta Newport & Way.. I 9 amiPl-r It
BCt- January 25. I I
A. Maru... | China & Japan i 1 pmlPier 40
£ . January 2S. | .'
Q u «' n rvgn Sound Ports. Ill am'PIer 9
San Pedro- Humboldt HO am t Pier *
Jaauary 38. ! j
Centennial.' Seattle & Tacoma. | 5 pmlPier 20
Steamer. I From. | Due.
W. H. KixgertHumboldt 'Jan. IT
Czrtrina ICoos Bay |Jan. IT
Rival iwillapa Harbor |Jan. IT
S. Monica Grays Harbor jjan. 17
Ch«halls Grays Harbor Jan. 17
Corcnado Grays Harbor Jjan. 17
<-hico Coqullle River .MJan. 17
Mackinaw iTacoma ; Ijan. IT
Arc&ti I Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.tJan. IT
Elizabsth ; Cexjuille River |Jan. 17
Leelar.aw Taconia Jan. IT
Ccos Bay j Stn p^ro t Way Ports Jan. IT
umathla Pu^et Sound Poru Jan. IT
J.Dollar ; Seattle & Tacoroa !Jan. 17
G. Llcdaucr. . Portland &. Astoria |Jan. 17
Kurek-i IHumboldt (Jan. 17
M«-ra j Hamburg & Way Pts.IJan. 1~
Montara 'Seattle ! Jan. 18
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. ;jan. 18
Jeante. t Seattle & Tacoma !Jan. IS
Empire jCoos Bay & Pt. Orford.Uan. IS
xitania jNanalmo !Jan. 18
State ci Cal.. San Dletto & Way Pts.ijan. 1*
Homrr Grays Harbor 'Jan. IS
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia ijan 1«
F. Lesgett IHumboldt Uan 1<5
Xewburg I Grays Harftor !jan. 19
Pomo jPcint Arena &. Albion. Uan. 1»
Centralia 'Grays Harbor JJan. 20
North Fcr«... Humboldt [Jan. 20
City Sydney.. I \>w York via r.nama Jan. I'O
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Uan. 20
Pomona ! Humboldt 'Jan "1
Santa Ro«a...| fan DlfRo * Way Pti. Jan. 21
Point Arena.. Mendodno & Pt. Arena. Jan 21
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jam 21
> vueen Puget £ound Ports Jan 22
San Pedro Grays Harbor |Jan 22
Korea China & Japan |Jan."2:«
Corona Humboldt (Jan. 24
Centennial... | Seattle & .Tacoma tjan. 24
Oregon Portland & Astoria. ...Ijan. 25
Alameda j Honolulu .*. JJan. 26
City Puebla. . 1 Puset Sound Ports ?Jan 27*
Curacao Mexican Ports 'Jan 27
Newport 'New York via Panama .'Jan. 27
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARPvIVE.
Everybody within striking distance of
the? Presidio forgot their troubles yes
terday afternoon and ¦wandered over to
the athletic grounds^to witness what
proved to be the best amateur tall
game that has been decided in this city
for many a moon. The Presidio <eam.
under the wir.g of Joe "v»"a=mer. handed
it to Hapry Hogan's San Jose tossers
2 to L
Although Ute grounds were wet and
sloppy it did not make fast *ork an
unknown quality for the rlayers. Nor
did the crowd seem to ir.ir.d the cold or
the mud. for locg before the hour of
starting had arrived fully 1000 ardent
soldiers, officers, citizens and fair maids
were en the srot to root for the lads in
blue.
The game opened with the country
lads at the bat. and they started in to
runch out a tally without further cere
mony. Then they stopped, and never
again throughout the battle could they
squeeze another man over the rubber.
The pitching of Forsyth was the real
rream cheese, and the kind that gener
ally wins ball games."
The soldier lads got a start in the
second. Then they created a deadlock
that lasted for six round?, and won in
th? ninth spasm rv-ith two men out. Left
Fielder Lamb was th*» lad who came
thrcugh with the bingle that brought
home the victory, and for acting so no
bly he was immortalized for a while.
The pitching of Emerson and For
pyth was a!>out the best amateur work
that any fan would like to gaze upon.
Roth lads had everything and never
l<-*st their heads in the tight places. For
syth had the better of the argument on
point*, for he was the steadier and
v.f-ver allowed an opposing batsman to
v aik as fr.r as first. Emerson had won
cerful spred and struck out eleven men.
The ?¦:» Mk-rs bunched their hits on him
in two innings, and in the fifth would
!'av« won out but for bad coaching.
Chase, the third man un for San Jose
in the first inning, lined out a single
and then nilfered second. The soldier
iads then anxious and tried to
c&teh him off j*econd. In the attempt
Conrad threw the ball sway out to
¦ enter field and Chase came in with
the only tally for the country boys.
The soldiers landed in the second.
Conrad got a ra»< in the slats, took s?c
• nd on a wild pitch and scored on
Kent's bad threw to catch him nap
;ir.|r. Then all was serene till •"Teeley"
Raymond opened ui> the ninth for the
sWdhTS v. ith m drive over short. For
¦-¦vth's out f>u> him on second, and a
rrroment latr r Lamb walloped the leath
er out to dec? center field and Ilay
-'cvrl caire tearinpr h'>me with the tally
•" hi«h turned the trick.
Raymond r>la? *"i a great game at
: hiro Per she soldiers and showed up I
n trts*- Iyp .-*. njr<=-le? <-hamj:ion«hip form, j
Th» ri«-i^:r>7 of Lamb and Chase was j
»l?o f?_st. Emerson made the only long j
Ht of the ga:r.«. a well-placed two-
I ag??-- out to renter field. The score:
PBEStDKX SA.\ JOSE.
«.n R. H r.A. AB R. H P.A.
Jv,r!* ih.r; o A i 1 .»5!»n. Hb..« © © 1 3 ,
• rr.rr.. cf.X •• •• 1 <• H^g-n. lb..4 rt O 10 fli
Haymd. ».4 I 1 I 1 rt-.&F*. *..4 1 1 2 <•
Frmjth. f 4 f« n o 4 rvhln c?..3 «» O © 1
CdmA. c.3 IOC 1 Ha!l. K...4 0 0 O O
Lan-.h. If. 4 «> 2 4 ft Am«tl rf.3 O O 1 0
Hatlrn. lb.3 0 1 15 « Ker.t. c...3 O 1 11 1
Fair. .jt...3 ft 1 1 :; t=chte. 2b.4 0 10 0
O?*!l, rf.3 0 © '• " Ernrsn. p.3 0 1 2 2
Tcta:« TSi 2 5*2ij !«' Totals.^ 1 4 2T T |
•Two out » hen ¦!— t»g run was scored.
KINS A.ND KITS BY fXXIXGS.
£an Jow 1 <"» 0 <> © 11 0 n «v_i
Fa«<» hit* 1 O 0 t* 1 0 2 0 0 4
Pr»*id:o 0 1 0 0 O 0 <» 0 1—2
Base hits »» •» 0 0 3 0 0 0 2—5
srMM.\r.T.
Errcrr— C>r.rad. Fair. K^r.t. Stolen bas-*—
<"ha»* 2. Tm/i-ba,. hit— Emerson. Sacrlftc* |
hit — Fursjth. First base tn ermrj — 6an Jo«e 1
F!r?t t^w on called ball?— Off Ercsrson I 1
lyft 03 r*f » fTUMKl 2. San Jcse 4. Struck
rut— By F.>ri">-th 8, by Emerson 11. Hit by
pttdwr — Whaler. Oottrsd. Cam«rcn. Wild
l..itch— Emwfjs. Time «f cam# — 1 h^ur and
4<J mrgBtw. frrri.-e— Dr. «tronr
The California Tennis Club courts
did not dry yesterday until the middle
of the afternoon, and some of the play
ers could not be accommodated. The
i feature was a doubles between Joe To
; bin and Will Taylor and Herbert
Schmidt and Harry Rolfe. The veter
ans have yet to meet their first defeat.
They lost the first set to the promising:
youngsters, but changed their tactics in
the next two sets and won with some
thing to spare.
Schmidt and Rolfe played a fine game
in the opening set, and their opponents"
lobbing game just suited them. In the
second and third sets Tobin and Taylor
used more speed in the back court and
took the net whenever they had a
chance. Schmidt and Rolfe were put
on the defensive and fell easy prey to
their more experienced ooponents. Tay
lor was steadier than Tobln, but the
latter won .many more aces. Rolfe
played his usual steady game, but
Schmidt in the last two sets was rather
wild. Taylor and Tobin have beaten ;
every good team except MacGavin and j
Allen. If they beat the latter a' match :
will probably be arranged for them
with MacGavin and Smith. :
! After an absence of severaj weeks Dr.
McChesney, who has been in the snow
bound East, took up his racket and was
almost as clever as ever. After losing
the first set he won the next two from
Chester Smith.
Herbert Long and Gus Taylor played
a close three-set match. Taylor won the
first, but the next two, which were ex
tremely close, went to Long. The win
ner did some fine driving, both back
and fore hand. Taylor was somewhat
out of practice.
Dr. Lovegrove was at his best yester
day when he beat Harold Gabriel and
t!ed Robert Drolla. The doctor also
beat A. Mannon.
Bradley Wallace and Glenn Cogwill
played a long match, in which the hon
ors were even. Each won two sets. The
score in the fifth was 3 — 3 when dark
ness set in.
The following matches were played:
Harold Gabriel tied R. B. Daggett, 6-4, 2-6,
1-6. 6-1; Glenn Coswlll tied Bradley Wallace.
6-0, 4-6. 1-6, «-0, 3-3; Herbert Long be»t Gus
Taylor. 4-6. 7-5 6-4; I>r. Lovegrove beat A.
Mannon, 6-4. 6-2. 6-3; Will Taylor and J. S.
Tobln beat H. A. Schmidt and H. H. Rolfe.
3-6. 6-4. «-3; Dr. McChesney beat C J- Smith.
2-6, 6-4. «-3; T. A. Allan beat C. P. Prltchard.
6-4, 6-3; Dr. Lovegrove beat Gabriel, 6-3 and
tied R. Dro'.la, 1-6. 6-1.
The Golden" Gate Tennis Club will
finish its doubles tournament to-day, if
the courts dry in time.
A special match has been arranged
between Herbert Schmidt and Clarence
Griffin, to be played at the California
Club courts this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
It will be three sets out of five. Schmidt
Is easily the most promising young
player of the California Cfub and re
cently won the second class without
losing a set. Griffin occupies the same
position at the park, and the match
will surely be a good one. The Califor
nia Club members are confident that
Schmidt can take Griffin's measure,
while the members of the Golden Gate
Club are equally sure Griffin will win.
Emerson, for Visitors. Strikes
Out Eleven Men and Forsyth
Keeps Hits Well Scattered
Herbert Schmidt and Clarence
Griffin Are to Meet To-Day
on California Club Gronnds
Export* by tlie Panama Steamer.
The steamer San Juan sailed yesterday rcr
Panama and way ports with an assorted mer
chandise carf'"> valued at $e5.ST4, to be dis
tributed a- follows: For Mexico. $7055: Cen
tral Airer!ca. *18.29S; Panama. »2446: Co
lombia, S270. Ecuador, $54O: New Tork.
*3H.2<32: B-rlgium. *^S7; Jamaica. flOO: Spain.
>S«. Th<? leading exports were as follows:
To Mexico — 1MT* lbs Fplces. 720 lbs raisins,
150 lbs dried fruit. 110 rals wine. 16 cs
canned eoods. 20 bis paste. " cs salmon. 114
crt« Dotatces. 350 lbs cheese. 35S lbs ham
ah'l baccn. 4S2 lbs wax, 12 pkrs groceries and
provisions. 4 pkgs paints and oils. 2 bdls sacks,
ISO bdltt-sbccks. 3 bbls tar. 7977 lbs ce
ment. 27 cs arm? and ammunition, S9 pksrs
machinery 26 pkus assaying material. 108
pkgs .ralfmad material, 6300 feet lumber, 16
bdls iron. 910 lbs sago. S pes mining ma
xhmery. CJ rkjrs fteel. 2 cs bocts and shoes.
* To Central America— 12fS hbls flour. 1001
lbs 5 cs spices, 60O lbs tea. 55 pkgs groceries
and previsions. 30CO !bs rice. 20 pkgs paste.
7MJ lbs lard. 332 pkgs potatoes. 28 pkgs onion*.
MS lbs SO hxs raisins. 04rt rals wine. S6 gals
40 cs whisky. 4 pkss salmon, IS pkgs beer,
14 cs car.n-ri goods. 100 bales hops. 16.638 lbs
tallow. 5C04 feet lumber. 75 bdls shingles.
53 ofcgs paints and ells, 24« bdls 120 pes pip«.
4 pkgs car material. 2000 lbs cement. 100 cs
coal oil. 17 pkgs dry goods. S cs drugs. 14
bales cotton. 2 cs skins. 12 carboys acid, 31
cs ccal tar. 110 kess !ead.
To Panama — 300 bbls flour. 1W crts potatoes.
*0 crts oniony. 149S lbs beans, 10 half bbls
salmon. 7 pkgs fresh vegetables. 20 bdls brooms,
3 tanks acid. 20 cs whiting. 40 coils rcpe.
To Colombia — SO bb!s flour.
To Ecuador — 100 bbls flour. 20 cs salmon.
To New Ycrk— 66.601 rals wine, 4S.795 lbs
beans, 17.210 lb« dry hides. 81.564 lbs grease
wool, 30 baits Junk. 2 c* clothing.
To Belei'im — :n.5OO lbs dried prunes.
Tn Jinsira — SO cs ca-ned "?.!rr.on.
•'or. $«7S: Peru. IS'.^; Chile, $16,033; Ger
many, $11,030. Belgium. f;J7C0: London. ?Ci33.
Th- Uadint txtxota were as follow*:
To Mexico — 364 bbls liour. 2t«l gals 65 cs
»ine. *J3 pkss fresh fruits, 2C47 lbs bran. 512
lbs sa£o. 2420 lbs raisins. 0S4 lbs dried fruit.
II pkjfs paste. 44 pkrs onions 241 pk«s pota
tc*«. COO lbs beans. 25 cs bread. 3w lbs
lard. 233 os 39 ?als whislqr, 22 cs 3 kes->
liquors, 25 cs brandy. 15 bbls 10 cs mineral
water. 123 pkgs groceries and provisions, 1>
hale? bay, 1443 lbs 1 cs ham and baccn, f>9".
!bs 1 cs spices, 5U cs cannsd good*. 10.024
feet 1'jmber. 1« balea sacks. 24 rolls roofing.
54 kfZi rails, S3 biles raper. 3 bales duck.
H pkps dry g-oods, 4 pkgs drugs. 70 bars 12
bdls steel. 0 bam 6 bdls iron. 4 coils rop*. 40
pkgs paints. IOCS lbs potash. 1 hale leather.
101 pk*s machinery. 10 cs boots and shoes, l<J7r
lbs «oda, 2^01 lbs wax. 75 colls wire.
2«'«> fkn csment. S pkgs gewing machines, 5
Mis trocms, ."» bales broomccrn.
To Cer.tra! America— 70 bbls flour, 10 pk?s
potatoes. i5<» 1>« dried fruit, 250 lbs raisins,
454': railroad ties. 20 pkss building material.
11.&:0 Its cement. ."0 pk«s pip*. S tons 1
t-dl «t»el, 3 bxs candl-s, :s colls rope. 470 cs
coal oil. 21 pkgs acM 2017 lbs soda. 10 c«
gasoline. ISO cs blasting powder, 3 cs blasting
cape. 4 cs blastirr fuse.
To Ecuador — 7(0 fcbls flour, 450 gals wjne.
102 lbi butter. 940 1M lard, S6 ci canned
*ood>. 00 cs salmon. ."0 crts potatoes, 40 cs
blasting powder. 17 Mis brooms.
To Peru — ll.S^S lbs tfried fruit. . 2223 lb
rhrimps. 4!>0 lbs lard. 107.52.". lbs malt. 4f>66
lbs- hops, 5s C5 3 bbls canned gcods. 37fU lbs
tallow. HSS bdls shooks. 20 cs coal oil. 47
pkgs bullJlnir material. 32 pks» Pipe 8tting3,
30 drums acid. 10 bales pan*r bas«.
To Chile — neo cs canned salmon. 1SU5 lbs
shrimp*. 2 cs chees?. 4 cr dried fruit. 135. 731*
lbs tallow. 4'» prs oa*r, 600 cs blasting powder,
26 cs cars and fure. 14 coils rope. 5 bxs soap.
To Germany — 333.2CJ lbs dried prunes, 921
srals bran-ly, 2370 lbs b*ojwni. 20 cs canned
goods. 201 cs salmon, 38,535 lbs salt hides. I
cs drl«-d peachc*.
To B«lsium — S2.1T0 lbs dried prunes. 259 cs
fccnty.
To E^ic'ar.d — 150.326 lbs dried prunes.
volunteer rars«-ng-»r. Randall s.Totted him
umons tbe wMdlcrs. hoTf.tr, and ne must re
turn to the Fcr East
Thre» stowaways, two of ih^m Japanese and
the other a RlmUh, v» ho cam; here en the
army transport £>»ridan. w*re sent to Alca
trai yesterday to be h»I4 until th; transport
rtt-jrrss n the Gricr.t, when th«y will be de
ported. The Russian had »to»cd away in the
Itrtroom sr.A » b«i discovered was carbed in
rar«*d overal!* with a yrease and coal dust
coating which hid everything but an BfttaiDCd
barf, which mot* resembled a tans> of
briars then i?^e tiirsutic adcrnment of a hu
man b*inr- A few <!a>s before the Sheridan
r*aci:e.i port the CzarV subject dlsarpeare<j
and after r»OMtrd f»arcr.ir.r ef the shin tvas
«i!l mlssinr. Chief Officer Randall, .the Sher
lock Holmes ef Use transport service, found
th" loft Kus^ian ju*t as the Sheridan was en
t»rias the G<*iden t»«t.e. It was thr same Rus
sian, bat wtth the help of soir* soldier sym
pathizers he J'a'l *o transformed himself that
m!y a tr.tine<i sleuth cou'd have ruei<«d th?
rid<!>. Racked overalls, dirt and whiskers
had diEarvteare-1. riad in imTraculate khaki,
the ii)«a«nr looked ever> - inch a soldier. A
man of M>l«r.did prnpcrtior.s. the well-flttin?
blouse, sniartiv lac*d I»>Eei"Es.- clean cam
paign hat and hl^h held head made up a whoie
tjat little rcs^mb'.tnr th« oriiinal bewhlskered
Lieutenant Colonel A. D. Dabovsky
of the Russian army was a passenger
on the liner. The star passenger, how
ever, was Chan Wo Tseung, the new
president of the Sam Yup Society and
a member of the advisory board of
the local Chinese consulate. About two
score of Chinatown's principal mer
chants, clad in gorgeous silks and each
bearing an elaborately decorated fan,
rode to the PaciSc Mail dock in a pru
cession of hacks, gave the distinguished
arrival the welcome kowtow and es
corted him in style, to the consulate.
Captain H. K. Struve. who has been
at Shanghai and Manila superintend
ing the construction of revenue cutters
for the Insular government, returned
on the liner. He was accompanied by
Mrs. Struve and is home on a leave of
absence. •¦ • .
The Americas .passengers included
the following named: . .
Mrs. L. L. Bailey. J. T. Bigelow,
Chan Wo Tseung, Lieutenant Colonel
A. D. Dabovsky. A. Kstudillo. Lieu
tenant Commander Fischer of the Ger
man navy. A. R. Hager. J. Hashimoto,
Thomas W. Myrick. A. McKillop. R.
Onishi and wife. C. Oshima. B. Stiebel.
Captain H. K. Struve and wife and
Miss P. Zamora.
Stowaways Go to Alcatraz
The Japanese liner America Maru ar
rived yesterday morning from the Ori
ent with 125 uassengers, C237 tons of
rargro. Including raw silk valued at
$265,000 and treasure valued at 52SO.OOO.
The America Is probably 1 the last of
the Toyo Risen Kaisha's vessels that
will be seen in this port until the situ
ation la the Far East becomes less
strained. She will leave here January
SSi, according tc- schedule, but will carry
freight and passengers only as far as
Kobe, where the Japanese War De
partment will take charge of her and
convert her to whatever use conditions
may demand. The America has plat
forms for quite a respectable battery,
the guns for which are stored at Yo
kohama.
for Chrlttlanaacd and Copenhagen: t-tmr Pat
ricia, for Plymouth, Cherbourg and Hamburg;
«mre New York, for Plymouth. Cherbourg
and Southampton; «tmr Furnessia, for Glas
gow: itmr Umbria. for Liverpool.
• CHERBOURG — Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Phila
delphia, from Southampton, for New ' York.
LONDON — Sailed Jan 18 — Stmr Columbian,
for Boston.
GLASGOW— Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Sardinian,
for Bcrton.
NAPLES — Arrived Jan 16— Stmr Hohenzol
lern. from New York, via Gibraltar^Jor Genoa.
Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Massllia. for New Yorlf ;
stmr Nori Amerlka. for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Saxonla,
for New York: stmr Canadian, for Boston.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Jan 16 — Stmr St
Louis, from New York, for Ch'rbourc and
Sk>ythampton.
HAVRE— Sailed Jan 16— Stmr La Touraine,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Jan 1*-Stmr Phil
adelphia, for New York, via Cherbourg.
ANTWERP— Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Zeeland,
for New York.
PITCHERS IX RARE FORM
SPECIAL MATCH IS
Joe Tobiii and Will Taylor
Continue Their Victorious Ca
reer on the Tonnis Courts
Soldier Lads Execute a Fast
Finish and Win Out in the
Deciding Round of Contest
America Maru Comes Into Port for the Last Time Until War
Clouds Clear in the Orient, Whither She Will Shortly
Return to- Enter the Mikado's Service as Transport or Cruiser
BOYS IN BLUE
BEAT SAN JOSE
VETERANS PLAT
IN RARE FORM
JAPANESE LINER BRINGS A LARGE
SHIPMENT OF SILK FROM FAR EAST
THE .SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. JANUARY 17, 1904.
TO SAIL.
35
'i< EAIIWAT^TBATEI..
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY '
•t O:3O ». m^ tironrk la 3 day*.
with diner and all trappla^a.
Other Santa 7e Trains:
7:30 a.m. I for Stockton. Fresno. Bakenaeld.
8:30 a. m. Y uerced, Hanford aad VtsaUa.
8:00 p. m. J
4:00 p.m. for Stockton.
8;C0 p m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon aad
Chleaxo.
TICKET OmCX — 641 Market St^ aaA
Terry Depot. 8. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
Tray. Oakland. CaL 27 Sout* First
St, Saa Jo«e.
CALlfOLNIA NORTBWESTELV RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANClSbU anu NUrtTH PAGIFiC
RAILWAY COMPASTY.
Tlboroa Terrr. root of Market Street.
SAW ntAXCXSCO TO SAW KilAEL.
WEEK DATS — T-JO. 0:00. ll:0O a. m.: VZ.Si.
1 3:30. R:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
: at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at l:5O and 11:33 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 9. CO. 9:30. U:«O a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
5.CO, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
BAH BAPAEl TO SAV P*AHC1SCO.
WEEK DATS— «:C5. T:35. 7:30. »:C0. 11:15
a. m.: 12:30. 3:4d. 5:00. 5:20 p. ra.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:0rt. 9:4O. 11:15 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:C5. 6:25 p. m.
Lerve I In Effect J ArrWe
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. ISan Franclaco.
Week I Sun- I Det Una- ) Sun- | Weeic
Days. I day«. I ¦ tlon. | days. l_Di]T.
7:30a| 8:COa 9:10 aj 8:40a
j 9:30 a Irnacio. 10:4rt a|H>:2Oa
.1:30 pi 3:30 p «:«« p; «:2Op
6:10 p! 5:00 p 7:35 pi
*7:30al I 9:10 a; S:40 a
9:0Oa| Nc^ato. 10:4»>a 1O:2O a
3:30 pi 9:30 a Petaluma «:0T» pi 0:20 p
5:10p! 3:S0p and 7:33p
I S:COpl Santa Roaa. j
7-3Oa 10:-«>a'10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p «:2O p
9:30 p 3:3Op }
I TVindsor. 1
7:30 a 3:00 a! Healdsburg:. . 10:40 a!10:20 a
I Lytton. " i
3:30 p 3:30p Geysenrllle. 7:35 p «:20 p
j Ooverdale. |
7:30 a I 8:0O a! Kopland ;,10:*rf ail0:2O a
3:30 p! 3:S0p{ and UTtlah. ) 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:0O a| WllHts. I 7:35 pi «:2Op
7:30 a| 9:00 at 110:40 a'10:20a
3:^> p! 3:30 p| -CnerneTllle. | 7:35Pi_6:20p
7:30 a I 8:00 a I Sonoma. }9:10a!S:40a
5:10 p| 5:0>p| Glen Ellen. | g:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30a! 8:0Oa[ 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:50p!3:30pl Sebastopol. I 7:35 p! 6:20 p
STAGES connect at~Gre«n Bra« for San
Quentin; at Panta Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria-and Mark West
Eprinrs- ai Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G*y-
serville fcr £ War 5s Spring*: at Cloverdale for
th« Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Spring?. Highland Sprlnes.
KelservHl*. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper La*-. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. .LJerly*a.
BuckntU's Sanhedrln Hefgnts. HullviUe. Orr - s
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptehe. Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mendociao City. Fort Brajrg.
Westport. Vsal; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
ville. Cuminlngs, Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen" s. Dyer. Garoerville. Pepperwood. SeotU
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced lates. . . . • -
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all peints
beyond San Rafael at half rates*. ¦ ,
Ticket offices, - 630- Market - street. Chronic!*
bcildin;.
H. C WHITING. R- X B.TAN.
¦ Gen. Manager. Gtn. ¦ Pass. Agt. .
¦ TOSAR RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
ram valley;
GAZADERO, Etc.
..fl*. S&tuaUlto TezTj.
Suburban Service. SUndard Gaugrs Electric—
rJiirt from San Francisco Dally— 7:00. 8:00.
9^ 1000. ll^CO a: m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:13. 4:13.
5-16 6-15 7:00. S:«. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO
Daily-3-25. 6:33. 7:40. 8:33. 8J3. U:05 a.
m.? 12*o: lV45. 2:35. 3:43. 4:45. 3.:43. 6:43.
C-41 to**O p. m. t •
FROM" "MILL- VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 5:45. 6:55. T:52. 8:53. »:5».
7C3. 9:00. 10:33 P. m.
-/ THROrGH TRAINS. -
S-Crt a. m. dally— Caxadero and way stations.
- &:15 p. «n. week days (Saturdays exceptedj —
Tomalea and way-sutlcna. .
3:13 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. * ' *~- ~ ~
Sundays - only — 10 a. ra.. Point Rayes asd
way. stations. .. - » . ...... ,-.-..,:.,
TICKET OFFICE— «2S Market st.
FERIIT— UnJon .Depot, foot of Market st.
SAILWAT TSA7I1.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains Ic>t« and are duo to ,»rr» » » at
SAN FKA.N€ISCO.
fMsln Llae. Foot of Maricet Street >
L«at« — F»o» Dtrciinart. 11C3. — iHITl"
V»ca»llle. Winters. Kamtey 7-55?
7 Qua Beslcia. Suisao. YV.-.c.rx *¦: 1 5-icrv
menui 7-25^
7-50* V^lleja Nt-«. C». :•:•': 1. Saat*
Uo«a. Martinez. S»a lUmsa 823*
7-30* Slies. Liverscore. Tr»cy. Lactkro?.
s:ock:oi\ 7.2Sr
8.00* Sbaata Eiprcw — (Via DMtlli
wm!am» (for SarUett g?rli«i>.
Vi'Mo-m*. fKrutrt. t:ed t:ai
Port!»nd. T»comv Seatt'.a...... 7.53P
800' 0»r:«. w ...;:»^ !. Ka!;::i L :.:'.:z;.
Mary«vti:e, Orotlile 7.5iF
I 3D* Port Cost*. Martinez. AattocX
Bjroa. Trac». fltocicton.' Se»-
nu, Los Baaoi. Meadolv
Armas*. II»or.-rl. Vtiaita.
roriorrtlle 4.23*
1-33* PortOMta. M-irtSaei. Trwpy. Lato-
rop. Modem. Slerced. ftetao,
Gos&en Juaetioo. Uanforit,
VttsiU. n«Ser«fle:d 4S3#
¦•30* 5l!es, Saa *n*t. Llvermore. Aioeii-
««n. (*Milton), looe. S«ertim»nto.
riacervll!*. Mary»Ti:ie. Ci!:o.
Ke«l Bin! 4 23*
g 33» O»tc1a!e. CBInese. Jaaiestown. 3»
nor«. Tuo'.iiTn.ie ami Anz:!* 4 23*
9 00* AtlMitlc Kx?re«»— OffScs aa^ £•«•». 11 2i»
9.30* KlcSmond. il'.rtine* aaJ Way
station* 8 53?
10 CO* The OTerland LlaiUeU — u^iea,
n-OTtr. Omihi, iSk-iii 8 25f
10-C0* Vaiiejo \22Xr
13.00* L09 Angeles Pa«en;er — Port
Costa. Marttaez. Byroa. Trmcy.
I.ttnr.i?. Stockton. Mercei.
"iTminJ. Fresno. G»«S"n Jnae-
tton. H»nf«*T4. Letnoore. V: »».:».
B»S»rj(lel(l. Lo« An*e:e« 7 23 W
UCOm Jlsywara. Xllesaa-I Way Sutloa*. 3 2j?
t'.OO* SatrsmenroRIrer S?e*meri MIOJp
iZQr n«i!c!x WJnten. Saeraaiento.
TVoottUnd. KalgUtt Landing.
Marytrille. OrorUle aad way
ttation* 10 334
ZJSQr n»r»»ril. St!es«ndWay Sutloas.. 75ir
I.30r f*rt Cost*. Hartlaes. Oyron.
Tracy. LaCsrop. Unleits,
Merced. Fresao and Way Sta-
tion* b«yond Port con* 12 2j?
S.30f JUrtlnes,Trary. 8toe«:oB. Lodl... 10.25*
4 OOr JUr:iaes.Si«ni:«nn«>n.V4!ieJ-\N'ijv
CaUieotra. SanU^Rosa 9 25*.
4.C0r Klles, TrtcT. Stocktoa. LoJl 4 23-
4 30i" IUy»ar<t. SW: irTtagtoa. Saa » tt.SS*
Joie. Ll»»rmore > il 1.5j*
6 COr The Owl Limited— S'e»m<». Lo»
H*no«. Uenduta. Freaao. Talare,
nakersfleld. Loa Asssles.
Goiden £tat« Limited Sleeper.
Oakiaad to Los Angele*. for t at-
cago. rla C. R. 1. * P • 53*
SXOr Port fosta. Trucy. Stockton 12-25?
t5 30p Haywartl. Nile* and Saa Jom . 7. 25*.
6.00c I'ay ward. Xi!«s and Saa Jo«e 9 jj*
dZOr E**tera Ezprcsa — Ogden. D«aT«r.
Otnasa. St. Loals. Ca'cago aad
i'xn'.. Tort Costa. ISeaicia. »ui-
•aa. Elmlra, I>aris. Sacrasieato,
Roeklln. AuDara. Colfax,
. Truckee. Boca, R«no, Wa<ts>
worth. Wlanenaeea 5-23*
B.Mr Vallejo, daily, rxcept Saadsy.... J n; .
7.0-ir Vallejo, SuBdaf only f '••**
7X0p hlehinood. p»a PaMo. Port Coats.
»Urtine» aad Way SUUoas 11 25*
> l-CSr Oregon A CaHforsta Ei?r?<t-3%e-
rameato, Maryariile. R-dSIar.
Portland. Pages Soand sad Eut. 8-53*
g.10r Hiyward. N'tiea aad Saa Jose (3aa-
aayonly) 1151%
COAST LINE IMrtM utiiij.
: (foot vt Market Street.)
••15* Newark, Ceacerrtllc ftaa Jo*«.
Feltoa. Boalaer Creek. Ssata
Cms aad Way Statloaa........... 5-St>
t215r Sewarfc. CeatarrWe. Saa Jo*<k
New Alaadea. Loa G»to».Fe:toa.
Boa'.der Cr^ek. Santa Crai and
•» Principal Way Stations t1843a
4.15> Kewark. 8*0 Jose, LotO»toeaa4» tt.SS*
way station*.... ...... ........ | J10 55*
<J330r Haaters Trata. Saturday onTy. Saa
Jose and Way Statioa*. Betarar
lag from Loa Gatoa Saaday ea'.r. 17 23*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From bAN i UAN CISCO. Foot of Market St. (SUsO
—r>:li »:C0 11:60 *ji. 1X0 3 00 515 r*
FroxB OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O ft-.m
r8:C5 10:00 *¦¦¦ 1200 2W 4J0r.lt.
COAST LINE <»r-a4 (taa«»).
1 (Third a,nd Towa>en4 8tr««ta.)
S.IOa Saa Jose aad Way Stations......... 8-Mf
7 00* Saa Jose aad Way Statloaa. 3. Sir
840* New Alaadea (Tn-j.. Trii.. eary). 4-13*
8 CO* Tne Coaster— Scope only Saa Jo»e.
Gilray (Amaactioa for HoUla-
ter). Pajaro. CaatroT&a (eoa>
aectioa to aa4 from Moatere*
aad Paetac Grore). SaCaaa. Baa
Ardo, Paso Roblea. Santa Uu~
gartta. Saa Lais Obtspo. principal
•t atloa* tSeace Sort (coaaectloa
(or Loorboc). prlactpiU iu:!on
taenee Saata Bar9ara,Sta Basaa-
Teatara. Eaagoa. LoaAnseles... 19-13*
•.CO* 8»a Jom. Tr»« Plaoa. C»pi:o!*.
SaataCracPaeiacGrore.SaJlaaa,
<- ~i! -8aa Lull Oblspo aad Prtaotpal
Way Sutloas 4.18*
10J0* Cta Jote aad Way Stations. 1.28V
11 20* Saata C'ara. Eaa Jete, Los Gat«a
aa4WaySUUoas .~ M .... 7-38»
1^0r Saa Joeeaad Way SUUoa* 131*
A.CO* Del Moau RxBTeaa— Saata Clara,
Saa Jvm. Del M»ate. Maatetvy.
PacUe GroT* <connecu st Saata
Clara far Saata Cruz. Bo«ld«r
Creek aad Narrow Gauge Patau)
at Gtlray for HoUlater. Trea
P!ao«. at C»irroTi:ie. for SaUaaa. 12.1t*
3-3B? Tres PJao« Way Pasanfcr — 13-454
4 30r eta Jose aad War S:«iw§ ........ t&O&fc
t5 00i" Saa Jose, (tU Baa ta Clara) Lo»
Gato*. aad Priacl?»l Way Sta-
tloas (except Saaday) i-M»
ih-ZOr SaaJo«e*adPrlaei9aIWayStst)oas JJ.41*
»-t>Cr Saaaet Ltmtted.— Redwood. Saa
Jose.Gt:roy,Sallaaa.Paao Koblea,
Saa Lots Oblspo. Saata Barbara.
Lm AagelM. bentar. Zl F«*%
Kew Orieaaa. K«w Tork. Coa-
¦ecU at Pajars for Saata Crsx
• ad at Ca»troTtU* for T%zila
G rare aad Way Stathma 7-15*
HMr £aaMat»o.BereafordJ}«IaMai.8am
Carlee, Redwood. Fair Oaka.
*rra:o r»rk. F»> A'.u> M rf.*a*
8 20- SaaJexe-aail WayStatwaa. 8-StU
8 COr ralo Alto sa4 Way Ststtoa* . 10.15a
ll.Mr eou:is*nF.-»n«l«eo.lia:brw».Bi?-
lrararae. Saa M»t*o. Bvlsont,
Saa Carioa. Eedwood. Tatr Oaka,
llealo Park. aa4 rale Afto 9 43f
«1133r ifayfleM, Moeataia View. Sasay-
?ale. Lawreace, Saata Clara aaat
BuJow — .. ».4Sf
A tor Morn lac P Ur Aflara «oay
1 S 1 aday exeejsted. i S a «4*y cmlj.
« Satarday «aiy.
I Stop* it all stations ea 9«4ay.
t»"Om:y traSa* tto^ptag at Taieaetk St. ¦ouAitoe.ai
a.— %:t»*.M^ I.OOju*., 11:30 *.M,S:JO T.M.. »:»?,*.»»
1:00 r.x.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Via Sroshto Iwtj Arnve
SaaFrancfaco hid BarkataX, SaaFraacfaea>
Week Sun- m Saa- IWeS*
Dayi. days /f&fWV^S dar» Par*.
•its3i*s:oux laa5S5a rHoa^foiiSi
•I;45p 8:OOa eI 1:1J»»:»O?
»:l*r 1O:OOa *gg_ -nf t:«Or 3:3Of
- — . ll:OO* 4:S»f »:»•»
*>— t TiA ittp 1m * ayiTBIaTif
' flait t ea Ma*xxt ST^Xorth Shore «Udroa4)*
WEB I tad Sfsuuro Ftxxr, Foot Uxrtat 9t>
[lifPS 1 1 Never Guess,! I
B^wi * J&$$ \fr ExperJisent or t.-.k? rhar.c^ ef. ar.y »ort. I jjj
.W^K'.Ik —I Tm a::»mr>t to cure only those i!i«»a«es that I have
¦\\*A jL - *V/» \| been curing for t*ie P*»t sixteen years, and t
R ,.*i»y/ believe that I am justified In sayin« that I
'Cl^lAlPL,,- -.JllMl' have learned all about them. Were I lacking In
«~^$k£vi(_iTbO5S«iew kriowie-lz* p»rta:nin? to my specialty I would
\ fSlfcSSSF/r'^S 3 nerer hare attained my rr*vr.t success, nor
J WMT J K' < ' ! Tg would I tc-day t-e --cc;n::e1 a* the lea-l!:i<
Ts. ""^Sf&CjSuf 'racialist treat:r< m«n's d;nr+*es. If af.'rict*^.
A > PU c an depend upon it that th« wnicp I offer
/\ f -1 \ you.Ss the service you need, and is «rv!ce sucli
f A I L as c * 3 be rendered by no other F^y s i-' aa -
/ V^ s r"=SAf4' V \ : I 1 *y f ••¦ **• '»*»S CttTM Ar« I
l^W &J \J I Permanent and Toa Can Fay Wliaa I
1 L^aT I I Batlafled TTtat Ton Ara Wll. I
A^asufc I Men's Diseases Only.
TXS BCJJIATXPZO TBSATXXnfT PAXHX^ISS OT7SE 07 VAB1C0-
CHJJ1.
OP "WSAXaSSS." * To att#mpt to cur , varicocelu br eut-
Dcsing the system with powerful tlB S away the affected blood -re-seels U
stimulant, and tonic, In-an rtort to
restcrt functJonal vljor can have but My cures are positive and permanent
one final result: the condition It ren- ln ' T «--y t»*:an<-'e. »nd are effected ta
, . . u . . .,_. , ., a frar days time. No pain. nr> hos-
dered worse than before. "Weaknes. r!ta , exr « aw> aad ldea ,, u n . c .
Is merely an indication of a low form eosary that the patient b« det££*4
of InCammation in the prcstate gland. from b: * buaiaeas. _^^
and this inflammation i. but a 5 gra- COHTaACTXED S1SO1OSB8
vated by stimulating remedies that ex- QTXXCXiT CTTELSD
cite temporary activity. I employ the TTnder my original system ef tr*»t-
cnly scientific and fully effective »««at these troubUsome. a!ls»3t» ar«
(treatment for §n*£** which ef- j £S«ffi. ™«£ %&**£&
fects a permanent cura by restoring j ant. becau«« It remov»s the danger of
the prostate gland to a sound and 1 chronic inflammation beinsr established
healthy state. I obtain compete re- | JSBMB
suits In erery case I treat. I surest treatment known.
•Consult me iree of charge, either in oerson at my office or fey mail. My
_ pamphlet. "Live AM Tour Years a Man," mailed free, and so is colored chart oj
§1 the male sexual crarar.s. _ •
I DR. O. C JOSLEN
H Cor. Mariat and Xeamy St*. Private Entrance 70S Market Street.
H Office Hours: Week days, 9 a. m. to 4:3O r>. ra. and 8:39 p. m. to S p. m. £
0 Strndays, 10 to 1 only.
, ADVZSTISEMZNTS.
[qweak men cured
9 ffi Vacuum Developer
r* J A.vn INVICORATOR. It oalckjy restores - Lest Strength or Watted
H r • . Power and never fails to cure Varlcocele. Stricture. Drains.
_ I j'1 ' Weakness. Impotence or Prostatlc Trouble*. It positively derelco. and
II , : ;' x.\*llzr* Weak er Debilitated Orsacs. thus restoring full youthful vtror.
* c CUSS GXJAEAITTEED OS 2SO2TST BJ.CS.
C Sl To -rove the inarre!ou» and positive irertt* of tlie VACCUM
>e ~$*J TREATJIENT you m*r take It en 10 days" trial and approval ABSO-
j,VTELY FREE. W« can back cp every claim we make.
Ca!1 er write to-dar 'or 64-page Illustrated took No. *i. showing male system aa.l
rxrlalcirg this wonderful, ccareniest ac4 *lxsple HOME TREATMENT. Sent plain.
teaJetf. fre*.
We are experleoced r.hy*'.c!ar». Our treatment the beet and our fees leaa tfcaa
cae-hair these of other rtrictly reliable specialists.
CONSULTATION FREE aad eooSdential at office or br milL ourm. 9 a. is. to
I p. o. Cundayt. 10 a. m. to I p. m. Open evenings.
SO K08XT BEQtnBED TTSTTII, CT/EED,
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO,,
6 (TFARSELL ST^ Near Market, San Franslsss.1 Meade Coras Installs.
General George 7 leade Corps, La-
Nelson A. Miles Command, Spanish
War Veterans, has taken the Initiative
in organizing a ladies* auxiliary to the
Spanish War 'Veterans, and the first
body, which has been named the
Helen M. Gould Auxiliary to the* Span
ish War. Veterans, in honor of. Miss
Gould, who is one of the most patri
otic women in America, is composed
of lady relatives of members of the
command and nurses and Red Cross
ladies of the war named. The meet
ing was called- to order by. Lieutenant
A. B. jChristensen and after addresses
by Adaie L. Ballou, . Majors , Curzon
and Bean and Captain Riley, the or
ganization was effected by the cho'ce
of the following named as officers for
the first term: 'Mrs.' "H. E. Curzon.'
president; Mrs. George C- King and
Miss : Gertrude . Gallagher, vice presi
dents; Mrs. A. L. Ballou, chaplain;
Mrs. J. T. Costello, secretary; Mrs. W.
W. Glidden, corresponding secretary;
Mrs. Edward F. Schula, treasurer;
Mrs. A. B. Christensen, conductress;
Mrs. D. Davies, color bearer; Mrs. G.
Butner, guard, and Lieutenant. A. B.
Christensen," mustering officer.
Spanish War Auxiliary.
Sons of Jacob.
The Hebrew society known as the
Mark Guy Pearse of London, the
noted lecturer, will deliver a lecture at
the • Grace Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Twenty-first and Capp
streets, Monday evening: Mr. Pearse
has selected for his subject "Some Old
Folks at Home."
Will Lecture at Grace Church.
French Red Men to Dance.
Seminole Tribe of the Improved Or
der of Red Men, the only French trlba
of the order in this, city, -wiU give an
invitational ball to members, rela
tives and friends in Xative Sons* Hall
next Saturday evening. It Is expect
ed that there will be a large attend-*
ance at this function.
"But can't I do a little knitting to
pass the time away, Doctor?" said the
motherly old soul who had been hurt
in a street car accident.
"No, ma'am," responded the surgeon.
"You'd better let the broken bono do
that for you."— C- icago Tribune.
dies of the Grand Army of the Repub
lic, has had the following named in
stalled as officers for the ensuing
term by National President Mrs.
Kinne: Bessie Johnson, president;
Mrs. Sheehan and Mrs. Martin, vice
presidents; Mrs. Barnes. secretary-
Annie Leavitt, treasurer; Mrs. Carlton,
chaplain; Amy Johnson, conductor;
Mrs. Schults. guard; Mrs. Morgan,
patriotic instructor, and Flora Bow
ley, musician. After the presentation
of flowers to the installing officer
there was an entertaining programme
of music and songs.
crying. They stood her up in the win
dow to watch for her mother. I do
not know whether she ever saw her.
'Will you" not sit .down?* a man said
to me and I realized I was shaking vio
lently. 'No, thank you.' I knew I did
not feel faint. I decided to go down
the street to Carrie's hotel, about four
blocks away. I felt surprised to 'find
my overshoes had been pulled off my
feet. As I started I saw the, engines
playing into the building and for the
first time realized that there might be
danger from the flre as well as from
the, crowd. I hurried on, meeting per
sons who were lightly walking toward
the scene of horror that they had no
idea of and of the extent of which no
one dreamed then.
"Carrie and I were saved. But 591
persons who had been sitting there
twenty minutes before enjoying^ the
beauty and the music were dead. Half
of those who entered between those
middle doors were brought out black
ened by flame and smoke.
"We were so well cared for that our
only inconvenience, physically, was a
soreness, and I was skinned and
bruised. I felt tired and quiet for some
days, till the effects of the shock wore
off. All the time I felt as if I should
have my coat again"" and the next day
a letter came from one Ed Zimmerman,
musician, Iroquois Theater, saying he
had found one containing this card
(mine, that had the address written on
by a friend). I wrote to him, describ
ing the coat and contents of pockets
and inclosed my father's business
card." ¦
Sons of Jacob has adopted a new law
by which from this time on It will fur
nish physician and medicine not only
for members, but for their wives and
children. The latter part of this la*r
is a new departure In organizations of
this kind.
Than Pc*o Robles no place In the State,
r^rhape, offer* more to charm. Fine drives
through lovely country; water or mud baths
from medicinal hot eprlngs; Hotel El Paso de
Robles. Us aervic? and cnisine unsurpassed;
invigorating mountain air and brilliant t-un-
Fhlne combine to make one's vl*it enjoyable.
The Southern Pacific's round-trip rate from
Pan Francleco of %' 20 gives opportunity to all
for a deliehtful holiday. Full Information
from ticket acents. •
Only $7.20 to Paso Robles and Return.
SACRAMEXTO. Jan. 16." — The quar
terly meeting of the Federation of
Women's Clubs of the
Valley was held here to-day. Encour
aging reports were handed in by the
committees, showing that good work
has been done. Through the efforts of
the clubs the streets in cities and
towns have been improved, many trees
have been planted and parks have
been laid out.
Wonien'g Clubs in Convention.
S; It. ni'i J Programme Will Be Given by
I he Choir Uuder the Direction
of II. J. Stewart.
The following services will be held
• i the churches to-day:
First English 7 utheran — Morning,
The Happy Duty of Daily Praise";
fvtning. "The Wedding: Scene at
Crtna.** Pastor. Rev. E. Nelander.
Ho-.vard-street M. E. — Morning.
Lessons From the Life of J. X.
ileard "; evening. Rev. H. W. Waltz
Kill preach. Pastor, Rev. A. C Bane.
First M. E. — Evening. "Some Trou- I
tCeseznt Thoughts." Pastor, Rev. E.
F. Brown.
Simpson Memorial M. E. — Evening,
"What Has Become of the Wrath of
God?" Pastor, Rev. John Stephens.
California-street M. E. — Morning. '
"Armed for Battle": evening, "Our
Brothers in Prison.". Pastor, Rev.
Clarence Re- ".
Trinity M. E.— Morning. "A Mercy
Method of the Divine Manifestation"; j
evening. "The Old Lutheran and
VOXT1ILY MUSICAL SERVICE
AT J<T. DOMIXICS CHURCH
Frank 8. Ford will give his third
address in the series to men. at the
Young Men's Christian Association
auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets,
this afternoon at 3 o'clock. All
seat* in the hall will be free to men.
Preceding Mr. Ford's address there
will be a 6hort programme of music
in the reception hall. The Knicker
bocker male quartet will sing.
Wesleyan Doctrine of Justification by
Faith." Pastor, Rev. John A. B. Wilf
son.
The usual monthly programme of
sacred music will be given at St. Dom
inic's Church to-night, when the fol
lowing numbers will be rendered:
Orpan boIo. prelude, "Parsifal" (Wagner);
soprano solo with violin obllgato, "Ave Ma
rl*" <Bach-Oounod), Mies Camille Frank; vio
lin foloe, "Am Mser" (Sehubert-Wilhelmj). and
"Elf-Ky" (Erns-t). Nathan Landsberger; quar
tet. ••Ave Maria" «Dubois). Mies Camille
Frank. Miss-KUa V. McCiOFicey, T. G. Elliott
and Charles B. Stone; soprano solo. "The
Sor.K of an Anrel," Paradise Lost <Rubln
ftein). Mr?. Jenkins: contralto solo with violin
oll'sato. "Lanro" (Handel), Miss Ella V. Mc-
ClcFltey: anthem, "I Beheld, and Lo a Great
Multitude," prize anthem American Guild of
Organist! (Stewart): at benediction, "O Sal
utaris" (Stevenson): "Tentum Knro" tS/ter);
Tfran postlud*. ""Corcr.atloa March" (Meyer
beer*: Dr. H. J. Stewert, organist, and director
cf the choir.
Rev. Father Mahoney will preach at
10:30 o'clock mass this morning in
St. Ignatius Church. Rev. Father
Lundy will deliver the sermon in the
evening. At the 11 o'clock mass this
morningr in St. Mary's (Paulist)
ChurcTi Rev. Henry Stark will deliver
the sermon. Rev. Henry Wyman will
deliver the vesper sermon.
"A young girl was beside me, Just
one farther in than I, yet she could not
reach the door, to which I was car
ried. 'Oh!' she cried, in great smoth
ering gasps, 'Oh! oh!' and called some
name. I knew her soft body was be
ing crushed against the -stone door-
Jamb^ With all my force I-* tried to
sway my body away, from hers to
spare her, but I was brushed on. /Oh,
stop!' came- another cry of agony,
'there is a child down here!'
¦ ". "I felt numb, and the words did not
bring clear meaning | to me. " Even
tighter pressed the crowd, and I
vaguely felt that I could not endure
much greater pressure. Yet my mind
was very quiet, containing few
thoughts, but with a calm feeling:; of
safety. Then my feet touch'ed some
thing soft; I stepped upon some yield
ing thing — it could not have been very
large nor high; I .was soon; over. it.
The last words I had heard rushed
over me with their full/ awful signifi
cance—-It was the child— the child— It
must have been the 'child." -:
• "And I had put my feet upon It — I
could not -'stop to lift; it up. Never
shall I forget the, horror of that mo-
"Had the three doors been open we
could all have passed across the foyer
and out through the entrance Into the
street. The middle door was open, the
other TWO WERE LOCKED. All the
surging mass directed its steps toward
that middle door. Carrie and I were sep
arated. Now we could hear screams be
hind us, yet I felt that I should have
expected more noise. I did not expect
that any one would be seriously hurt
and thought £he fire would soon be out.
Tighter pressed the crowd, and I was
borne along.
YOUXG GIRIi IiOST.
SLOW TO START.
" 'Come,' said Carrie, 'we will go
now.' *Xo,' I answered, 'let us wait.'
I felt very quiet, and dreaded the panic
more than the flames. But Carrie said,
with great' emphasis, 'No, come now,'
and I delayed no longer. Through it
all I felt sure of my ultimate safety,
but as I started to move along the
crowded space toward the one exit, a
little thrill of excitement swept through
me and was gone. I held. my coat in
my hands and carefully lifted my skirts
to my knees, as I had read it was safe
to do in a mob to prevent being tripped
over and being: trampled on. Everyone
how seemed to be moving toward that
door, but there was little noise. At that
moment it was not more crowded 'than
when leaving the theater under ordin
ary circumstances. I saw one woman
climb over the back of the seats and
fall to the floor. No one could pause
to help her up. Safely, but in a tight
ening crowd, we passed out through
that side entrance door Into the foyer.
Carrie was with me. There were three
doors leading out of this foyer into the
outer entrance, where tickets were sold.
"Suddenly there was absolute quiet —
no sound of music, no sound of sing
ing, co movement on the stage nor In
the audience, but a terribje awe-In
spiring silence. Silence for just a mo
ment. Then a voice, seemingly from
behind the scenes, cried out one word
—fire. There was ' a murmur every
where — murmur of low voices and of
moving bodies— the music began, half
the chorus remained on the stage awk
wardly trying to dance. A bright,
flickering light could be seen at the
left side of the wings and little burn
ing sparks fell to the stage. A woman
down the aisle fainted. Eddie Foy
(Mr. Bluebeard) came to the front with
outstretched arms. 'There is no dan
ger,' he cried. 'Keep your seats, sit
down, it will be "out in a minute.'
Voices in the audience shouted, 'Keep
down; keep your seats.! «
"Carrie and I stood perfectly still. I
did not feel inclined to move, nor did
I feel fear. 'We will keep, still,' she
said; 'it will soon be out. I have seen
such things before.' 'Yes,' was all I
replied. 'There is no danger,' called the
voice from the stage. Then down came
a blazing piece of the burning canvas
and floated into the first rows of » the
audience. And another, and others—'
pieces two feet in diameter. I thought
I saw a movement as if there was an
attempt to lower a curtain, but that
was only at the. top of the stage, the
curtain did not fall to shut out the
flames.
THERE CAME A SILENCE.
"The curtain rose for the second act.
Mr. Bluebeard had Just left the stage,
leaving an;amusing memory of yowl
ing cats and barking dogs, and a
chorus of perhaps thirty\ girls were
singing. The stage was a beautiful
woodland scene, graceful foliage hang
ing everywhere.
"The first act was drawing to a close;
about two hundred persons were on the
stage; girls in tights and airy costumes,
seme drawn «up and clown by wires
seemed to float in the air; the scenery
wes gorgeous and the curtain fell upon
a beautiful picture. An actor, Scott
Craven, Joined U3 and. as hs and Carrie
talked I looked over the audience.
What ti beautiful scene! It was com
posed mostly of young girls, children
and women. I particularly noted a
party of girls, about fourteen, dresse5
In light dresses, with pretty bright hair
ribbons, sitting in the third or fourth
row from the stage. There were smaller
misses, with fluffy skirts, and little
brothers, opening baby eyes upon the
wonders of fairy land. I felt a warm
•wave of sympathetic pleasure.
. The following powerful description of
the awful tragedy at the Iroquois The
ater, Chicago, was written in the form
of «r letter. The author, Mrs. Felicia
B. Rees, of 5548 Ellis avenue. Chicago,
was formerly a San Franciscan and
the letter was addressed to friends in
this city:
"When Carrie and I reached the Iro
quois Theater she joined the Ions line
of those buying tickets and finally se r
cured passes'for standing room, every
seat being taken; We passed in
through the entrance, the only one,
which was at the left side of the the
ater..- jjot hack behind the last row of
scats and finding that space well
crowded we saueezed between people
and the wall, finding a small space in
which to stand, leaning against the
back of the seats about two-thirds, of
the way across the theater, away from
the entrance.
"Still I held my arms out to him, and
I smiled a little. 'I can't keep back,' I
said. He smiled,' too, at me anJ too':
• my han Is. He was a strong fellow,
with a fine face, hatless and without
overcoat. He pulled and I felt myself
move a little, then stop. After all
could h not do it? He pulled ; gain
and I stood beside him. 'Thank you,
thank you,' I said fervent.y. I walked j
quietly outside. It was bitterly cold,
thermometer about 20, and I had no
wrap. I stood leaning against the
building; women passed me, coming
out, but I did not. look in. One woman
stood there with her white hair hang
ing in a loose mass, down her back.
Some chorus girls passed by. They
wore their thin silk tights. Some had i
thrown around them some hastily
caught up drapery; their faces look
ed strajigely painted in the daylight.
I thought they must be very cold.
I was waiting v for Carrie; I could '
not bear to think what might :.ave .
happened to . her. The fire engines
were arriving and I started across the
street. On. the .edge of the. sidewalk. ,
stood a little girl without hat or coat,_
about 10 years old; she was crying, I
stooped to put an arm around her.
.'Don't cry, dear; she is out all safe." I I
felt it must be a mother missing'.. The ;
little one did not notice me and, feeling j
the emptiness of my words, still in a
numbed condition. I crossed the street
and entered a store. I was waitingrto
see Carrie. r '\
THE TERRIBLE AWAKEXI!SG*i|
•¦¦ "Women, girls and children kept"
coming into the store. 'Have you at I
telephone: may I use it?" was the cry j
on every lip. 'Yes, if you can, others \
are there,' was the answer. So I did j
not ask. And I could not think Just
what to telephone. I
"One young girl in a light dress was <
"It would have been possible to
have lifted my feet and- by treading
on those prostrate forms have found
immediate safety. But I could not do
it. Slowly but with irresistible force
I was pressed down and lay, in a heap
of. ..women. Not a sound came from
beneath me. but there were screams
from behind. One silent gray-haired
woman lav just below me and I could
feel the increasing weight on my
back. We lay there perfectly helpless
in sight of the outer doors and safety.
"There were two, or perhaps more,
men in thai inclosure. One in front of
us was calling to the women within to
keep back— keep back. wished be
would take me out from there, it
seemed as if it would tatfe but a mo
ment and- then I should be free, but I
could not ask him because there were
others apparently bo much worse o.T
than I, the other underneath.
Yet I deliberately let go the coat I Jiad
carried till then and put out n,y hands;
out as 'ar as I could reach ' him, and
held them there, a mute appeal that I
could not control. He was waving his
own arms at the crowd, still saying
'Keep back.' Then he looked at me.
RESCUED AT LAST.
"Yet its force has grown upon me
since the event, for ' then I was
numbed; and just after that, in the
greatest crush, I felt myself sway for
ward, impelled by the panic-stricken
persons behind, while my feet were
stopped by the bodies of those fallen
and piled up in the doorway in front.
IMPELLED BY. RUSH.
ment — the most horrible that came to
me. I did not see it; I cannot learn
that one was crushed and trampled on
there; my friends tell me that it was
not so, bufl_cannot put my foot upon
a soft substance without feeling- a
thrill of that horror.
Mrs. Felicia ,-B. Rees Writes Powerful De
. scription of the Great Ircquois Theater
Catastrophe and Tells of Miraculous Escape
RESISTLESS STAMPEDE
BEARS HER TO SAFETY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1U04.
36
'— =====
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
AN EXCEPTIONAL OFFERING OF (£££*£)
Ladies' Winter Underwear
During the past few weeks we have been able to give some phenomenal underwear values, but
none to equal what we offer for Monday's' selling. AH are high-grade garments, in perfect condi-
tion, with nothing'Avrong except that assortments are broken. The following are some of the many
bargains being offered : [£Vp£ *
Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Wool Vests, high neck, Ladirs' Fin:st Imported Wool Vests, high nrck and
no sleeves, in shr.mp, natural and black ; --. short sleeves, in black, natural and shrimp; £« -yc
\vo:th $1.50 each, sale price ,.J C3C sold regularly at $2.00, now
Ladies' Unshrinkable Merino Vests, high neck and lone Ladies' Fine Ribbed Merino Union Suits, with long sleeves
sleeves, in gray, with pants to match; ' QCn and anl<le 'cnjth, in natural color; *.« -jc
worth rtgularly $1.25 each, sale price "3C worth $2.00 per suit, sale price ' y*«^ 3
Ladies' Swiss Ribbed Wool Vests, high neck and short Ladies'- Cashmere Union 'Suits, fine ribbed, In natural
sleeves, in pink, gray and black ; >(1 (*rx color, with long sleeves and ankle length; CO 9C
formerly $ t. 50 each, sale price JpI.UU sold regularly at $3-co, sale price $£»ZO
Also a great many small lots of Ladies'. Gents' and Children's Underwear.
which are now being offered at J£ to J£ less than regular prices.
Leather Purses and Bags C£i?z?)
At Ijcss Than Cost To Manufacture.
More than 5000 Leather Bags and Purses, go on special sale to-morrow — among them many
choice novelties in seal, walrus, saffian, alligator and morocco leathers, in a great variety of colors
including black — a grand collection to choose from, and the prices at which they will go are the
lowest ever quoted. \
"Wrist and .Auto Bags Leather Pxirses
With Chain or Leather Handles. For Ladies or Gents. ;
5octo 65c Bags, on sale at 25c 2octo 30c Purses, on sale at 10c
75c to fi.oo Bags, on sale at... 50c . 50c Purses, on saie at 25c
$1.50 to $1.75 Bags, on sale at $1.00 6octo 85c Purses, on sale at .;.... 35c
fi. 85 to $2.25 Bags, on sale at $1.50 , 90c to $1.10 Purses, on sale at 50c
I2.75tof3.25 Bags, on sale at S2.00 $1.25 to $1.65 Purses, on sale at 75c
$3.50 to $3.75 Bags, on sale at $2.50 to $2.25 Purses, on sale at $1.00
Ladies' Stylish Waists Reduced G££&)
Twilled Flannel Waists, straight front with pretty All Wool Botany Flannel Waists, buttoned on the side,
stitched straps, in colors red, navy, black and ftft cluster of tucks on the shoulder forming yoke; o - A
cream, were I2.50, $2.75 and $3 .60, now ,**•"" cream, navy, red and black; were $3.50, now
Stylish Waists of Alpaca, in neat polka dot design on Handsome Waists made of best quality white Cheviot, in
black, white and navy blue ground; sold reg- o oc dainty new designs; straight front effect, wide nn
ularly at $2.75 and $3.00, now «pZ."ZO shoulder yoke and tucked sleeves; $4.00, now «J>-j.UU
Tuesday We Start A Sale of Laces
cAt Astonishing Reductions From The Regular Prices
(Flr»t Floor Kearny Street)
Our Lace business, this season, has been exceptionally large — thousands and thousands of
yards were sold. This naturally left many lines with assortments broken, and these we are now
determined to close out at once. Among them are the choicest of
Venise Lace Edges, Venise Lace Bands, Net Top Laces, Festoons,
Medallions, Cluny Laces, Venise Galloons, Novelty Laces, Etc.
All of which we have marked for Tuesday's Sale at prices that are irresistible, for instance:
15c and 20c Laces, reduced to 9c yard 85c and 90c Laces, reduced to 50c yard
25c and 30c Laces, reduced to ... . 1254c yard $1.03 and $1.10 Laces, reduced to 65c yard
40c and 45c Laces, reduced to 20c yard $1.25 and $1.50 Laces, reduced to 75c yard
55c and 60c Laces, reduced to 25c yard $^75 and $2.00 Laces, reduced to 85c yard
65c and 70c Laces, reduced to 35c yard $2.15 and $2.25 Laces, reduced to $1.25 yard
75c and 80c Laces, reduced to 45c yard $2.35 and J2.50 Laces, reduced to $ 1 .50 yard
Sale of Crocheted Capes Sale of Black Silk
. (Third Floor Kearny Street) (Firtt Floor Kearny St.)
They are hand-made of fine quality Shetland 4000 yards of Fine, Black Taffeta — all silk,
Floss, circular and umbrella shapes, in black, a heavy, rustling dress quality, 21 inches wide,
white, red, blue. and pink; sold regularly tfi aa worth $1.00 per yard — special price, mr
at $1.25 and $1.50 each, sale price ipl.UU to-morrow, while quantity lasts J /DC
Arabian Lace Curtain Sale (H^so
Most of the Curtains told of here are in lots of one, two, three and four pairs of a pattern.
These we are going to 'sacrifice to-morrow at less than cost. A rare opportunity to secure hand-
some imported Curtains for parlor or dining room at a very low price.
$3.00 PER PAIR — For Curtains worth.. «4.50 I f5.00 PER PAIR — For Curtains worth.. $7.50
$3.50 PER PAIR— For Curtains worth.. Jo.OO | $7.50 PER PAIR — For Curtains worth. .$9.00
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention — Samples Sent to Any Address.
gftoeo99ea9coeoe»*oe*3eeeoo3ooe8ooodeeo9oe*oo0
{GREAT BOYCOTT SALE! 1
8 WE ARE ACCUSED OF SELLING GOODS AT %
% > LESS THAN COST OF MANUFACTURE. \
S Another Slash in <* J
I ::•:.. SUIT PRICES:::!
J 54 SWELL SUITS, odd sizes, redaccd at beginning of sale to $19.45 •
• from$35.00. Your choice Monday at SI3 95 2
g 6S BEAUTIFUL TAILOR-MADE SUITS, were reduced to $14.95 'from S
• $25.00. For Monday's sale at . . . SI 0.45 S
9 NEW ETON SUITS, in black or navy whipcord, silk-Iincd jackets" with 2
• fancy shawl collar,- worth $ 15.00. Sale price $ 6 9 5 •
g WALKING SKIRTS, regularly $5.00, on Sale at SI 65* 2
8 SILK SKIRTS, regularly $15.00( on Sale at S5 "SI •
e BOX JACKETS, regularly $5.00, on Sale at § |" 95 : 8
9 SEE OUR WINDOWS. " 2
• '^^^ Wholesale Manufacturers j'8
8 : , . 1142-1146 MARKET STREET. * l \
I I SEE THET PICTURES.! I
§ Si
S - 55 '
0 • ¦ £*
$ Th« Most Thrillingly Vivid Picture Yet Presented of the g
£ Area* of the Coming Conflict Between Japan and Russia. S
1 Watch for the Solution of the Mystery |
| of the Man Who Woii Judith's |
I Heart in "Critteacien." |
I I THE UNKNOWN MAN T t
g BY TROY ALLISON. H §
I I GENTLE ART OF FOOLING I 1
| I BY HELEN MATHERS. "S
§ MR. GRAY'S RIVAL |
I by'eliza orne white, . I
I Don't Miss the Beautiful Full Page §
I I New Multiple Color Photograph §
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT
TWENTIETH CENTURY
COOK BOOK.
Mr.il This Order to The S. P.
Call With 75c.
The San Francisco CALL.
. San Francisco, Cal.
Hnelosed herewith .^please j
find T5c for which send me .
one cop- . of TEE CALL'S
I CSSAT VWERTTETH CTH-
:5UK COOK BOOK. (Fifty
; Onta Ea TSE call's fee-
Iiruil rat«> to at; its eix-
i rrontli subscribers and the' ad- !
' i!!tional 25c is to prepay ship-
; i Ins charges.)
j SIGNED
¦ STitnLrr
CITY
STATE
i
ADVEBTISEHSNTS. '._'_'.,,,
I Dry Goods -^^^» ; Company Ij
I ____________ . i|
I l_ ££ |]
'¦ por January sales we an-' jg
• nouoce the readiness of g
I snappy first showings in ex- |p
1 pert man -tailored suits in 8,
' walking and dress lengths, |
: showing tr;e favored Eton g
: styles in selected textiles, re- §
! plete witb novel ideas, de- g
veloping first indications of • g .
what is to be the preliminary %\
I mode for nineteen hundred . |
; and four. %]
i — ||
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, ||
i Ceiir ttl Stesitcn Streets. Unicn Ssn&ry § j
coses oapgsoep ogogsogfr c&->t^&&u&& &3<ttf^xx&<&&<&&e^ \
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
iMiss Alice M. Smith, of Min-^0
neapolis, Minn., tells how: wo-
man's monthly suffering may
be permanently relieved by Lydia
RPinkham'sVegetableCompound
\ "Deab Mbs. Pinkitam: — I have
never before given my endorsement
for . any medicine, but 'Lydia E."
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
has added so much to my life and
happiness that I feel like making an
exception in this case. For two years
every, montli I would have two days of
severe pain, and could find no relief, but
one day v/hen visiting a friend I ran
across Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound, — she had used
it with the best results and advised
me to try it. I found that it worked
..wonders with me ; I now experience
no pain, and only had to use a few
bottles to bring about this wonderful
change. I use it occasionally now.
when I am exceptionally tired or worn
out." — Miss Alice M. Smith, 804 Third
Ave., South Minneapolis, Minn., Chair-
man Executive Committee, Minneapolis
Study Club. —fSOOO forfeit If original of above .
letter prosing genuineness cannot t» produced.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound carries women safely
through the various natural
crises and Is the safe-guard of .
woman's health.
The truth about this great
medicine is told in the letters
from women being published in
this paper constantly.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And air other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVKRSB V Donoho*
building. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, room*
28-29. with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency tuwanteedihoura 1 to 4 p.m.Where Sippara once stood there is
now only a mound of earth covered
with potsherds. As soon as this.
Truly, the most intimate life of na
tions which flourished many thousands
of years asov rises gradually from its
long entombment through the extra
ordinary results of recent excava
tions. Here is a report of the French
Archaeological Institute at Cairo
dealing with' the researches of a
learned priest, Vincent Scheil. In the
little Babylonian town of Sippara,
which in distinction' from similarly
named places was called the "Sippara
of the Plain," or "of the Sun," and
which was surrounded by a number
of suburbs, he has discovered a per
fect schoolroom for pupils of the more
learned class, together with the ma
terials for writing and instruction. ).It
transports us back to. upward of 4000
years before our time! :
Discovered in Babylonian Village of
Sippara by Learned Priest
Named Scheil.
AXCIEXT SCHOOLROOM
BROUGHT TO LIGHT
At Westerland-on-Sylt. on the Ger
man coast of the North Sea, mixed
bathing is allowed, and a pair of lovers
became engaged while actually in the
water.
brevation of "Thesauri Americae Sep
tentrionalis Sigillum." The Congress of
the Confederation granted a charter to
Robert Morris for the "Bank of North
America," and the same authority au
thorized the establishment of a "mint
of North America," both of these terms
most likely originating with Robert
Morris, who subsequently was a mem
ber of the committee to prepare a seal
for the treasury and navy.
ROBERT MORRIS' COXXECTIOX.
It is therefore highly probable
that Robert Morris furnished the
legend for the seal of the treas
ury, which would explain the
employment of the term "North Ameri
ca." The reason for using this term
was probably owing to the fact that the
fathers of the republic confidently ex
pected that Canada would ultimately
become a part of the sovereignty and
be included in the independent colonies.
In. 1774 the popular Legislature of
Canada was abolished by act of Parlia
ment, and royal officers appointed to
make laws for the province, except
laws to raise taxes. This gave the Brit
ish Government a firm hold on Canada.
Efforts were made in 1775, during the
revolution, to regain possession of Can
ada, but those efforts failed.
In 1849 Edward Stabler <Jf Sandy
Spring, Montgomery County, Maryland,
one of the most famous die sinkers and
seal engravers of his time, was com
missioned to make a fac simile of the
original treasury seal, which was worn
from constant use, and failed to make
good impressions. Mr. Stabler suggest
ed some minor changes in the way of
improvement, .'but was Instructed to
copy the design exactly as It was, and
"in accordance with law." Diligent ef
forts have failed to discover any law
on the subject.
In recuttlng the seal It has been de
termined by Secretary Shaw that as the
great seal has always been, so shall It
remain, of course, unless Congress
should direct otherwise. As one ofllcial
remarked: "The United States may
own the earth one of these days- then
will be time enough to make the
change. —Washington Star.
That the early fathers of this country
expected the United States c*f America
to embrace the entire North American
continent is called to mind by the fact
that in the recent placing of an order
to recut the great seal' of th«^ United
States treasury the question arose as
to the legend or motto it hss always
*'The Seal of the Treasury of
North America" Shown on
Documents in "Washington
ORIGINAL PAPERS OX FILE
They Intended That the United
States Should Embrace Conti
nent From Isthmus to Arctic
EAELY FATHERS'
A3IBITI0US IDEAS
The history of the seal and of its
adoption is not entirely clear. "Sep
tember 26, 1778, the Continental Con
gress resolved that a committee of
three be appointed to prepare a seal
for- the treasury and the navy." The
committee chosen In pursuance of that
resolution consisted of Messrs. Wither
spoon, Robert Morris and R. H. Lee.
At that time the treasury was under
the jurisdiction of the committee on
finance, or board of the treasury, and
the navy was under the board of ad
miralty. The committee made a report
on recommending a device for the navy,
but there is no record of a report hav
ing been made for the treasury. A
seal for the treasury. However, was
adopted, impressions of which are
found on original papers in the files of
the register . of the treasury. Some
minor changes have been made from
time to time in this seal, but the seal
now in use is substantially the same
as that originally adopted.
The legend on the seal is "Thesaur.
Amer. Septent. Sigil.," which Is an ab-
HISTORY OF THE SEAL.
The Query has often been asked why
this legend is not inscribed "seal of the
treasury of the United States <>f Amer
ica." What is known as the "great
seal" of the treasury of the United
States, a fac-simile of which appears
on all the circulating notes and other
pecuniary obligations of th2 Govern
ment, is a frequent subject of inquiry
on the part of the people of an in
vestigating turn of mind, the legend,
which literally is "seal ur the treasury
of North America," suggesting an es
pecial subject of inquiry. Why the seal
should be that of the treasury of North
America is especially puzzling to al
most every person familiar with the
literal, significance of the legend.
borne, and whether or not it should
be changed to what is actually the
truth, or whether it should .be allowed
to remain as it has always been. It
will not be changed.
The legend or motto imprinted upon
United States bonds, treasury notes,
etc.. reads: "Thesaur. Amer. Septent,
Sigil.," signifying "Seal of the Treas
ury of North America."
layer, however, was d.ug through
pieces of walla and remnants of
houses and public edifices appeared.
At the request of the Turkish Gov
ernment P. Vincent Scheil has laid
bare a whole ward of the town/and
from it a full insight into the life of
the inhabitants can be gathered. The
school was found in a little house op
posite a temple.. Little clay tablets
and statuettes lay about in it. On
one of the tablets was the inscription:
"He who distinguishes himself in the
School of Writing will shine even as
the sun."
The walls were three meters high.
The house contained seven rooms; in
one of them a vast mass of clay tab
lets were set in regular order. Many
of them had not yet been baked, so
that they stuck together and their in
scriptions had become undecipherable,
other tablets, however, proved
to be intact, and they contained
hymns in the oldest Sumerian — that
is, pre-Semitlc, Turanian — language
of Babylonia; meteorological lists,
primers, dictionaries, arithmetical
problems, contracts and so forth.
Some had served as copybooks,
which was clearly visible from the
firmness and beautiful clearness of the
letters. They were used for exer
cises in the class. On several of the
tablets it could still be seen how the
pupils had scratched out some faulty
writing, smoothing the clay over again
with the stylus made of wood, bone
or copper.
All the dated texts bear the name of
King Hammurabi, about whom the
recent controversy between Professor
Delitsch and the Emperor William II
arose. So the school is known to have
been used about twenty-one centuries
ago.
The cuneiform writing must have
presented . great- difficulties to ' the
learners. As to **the grammar, "'de
clensions, conjugations, little sen
tences referring to prayers, forms of
greeting, expressions of sympathy, ju
dicial and business phrases, also
arithmetical and geometrical tasks,
the nomenclature of measures and
weights, and so forth, are contained
in beautifully inscribed tablets.
"What next!" — Pall Mall Gazette.
BAKER CITY, Or., Jan. 16.— W. T.
Butcher, former Democratic candidate
for Representative to CongTess and
one of the most prominent lawyers in
Eastern Oregon, to-night twice shot J-
C. White, a contractor, once in the
neck and again in the arm. Physicians
are unable to state to-night whether
he will recover.
The trouble arose over a contract for
the construction of a light and water
plant afWelser, Idaho, in which both
men are interested. Butcher surren
dered himself and later was released on
bonds. He refuses to make a statement
further than that he shot in self-de
fense.
Former Candidate for Con
gress Does the Shooting and
Says It Was in Self-Defense
BULLETS TAKE EFFECT
Wcll-Known Resident 'of East
. cm Oregon Uses a Pistol to
Settle Business Difficulties
LAWYER FIRES
AT CONTRACTOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17. VMM.
37
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
BIIHIEBBBBIBIIBBBHBBHBmHHBmNBIIBIBHB
u Years of experience in treating rupture exclusively en- ¦
B able us to tell exactly what we can do when we examine a m
¦ case. Hence, when we accept a case we know a cure will re- ¦
° suit. This is why we can afford to accept cases and ask for gj
¦ No Money Until a Cure is Made. Treatment is given once g
* a week for seven or eight weeks. There is no operation, pain B
B or losi of time. Ladies and children stand the treatment as 0
£ well as strong men. We can furnish scores of references. Call
¦ and talk the matter over — it costs nothing-. g
] Fidelity Rupture Cure s
S 1344 flarket Street San Francisco S
¦BBKBBBBaEBBBBBBBBBBBKBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AT f A7 A T> Bslasco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR ms
General Manager.
TO-^IOHT — MATINEE TO-DAT.
Clyde Fitch's Strongest Play.
THE MOTH AND THE FLAME.
"A flr.Ss>«»d production." — News Letter.
Evrs., 25c to 7.V. Mats. Fat. and Sun. 15c to 50c.
T0-M02BOW KIOHT— ONE W2SZ.
fc'IRfT SA\* FRANCISCO PRODUCTION.
The Cyclonic American Comedy.
MRS, n~ """~l
* * wights .
O» /~\ V_,^ I^. | NEW YORK. A
Full r.( fun— Droll Types— The Western
Widow— The Pugilist— The Crushed Tragedian
— th«» Auto Arcfdeht — The Buffalo Hunt' and
the 4th o" July Lawn Fete.
CENTRALS
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 633.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
THE MOONSHINERS. :.'
TO-MORROW XIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
The Record-Breaking Success,
ABoweryGirl
Sensations .Without Number!
Vivid Fire Scene! Dynamite Explosion!
Jollity In Abundance!
Son: and Dance Specialties!
DDIfCC Evenings ioc to SOc
rlUVLJ Matlnte 10c. 15c. 25c
High-Class Specialties Em/ Afternoon aid
\ Efenihg Id the Heated Theater, j^j
BARR AND LA SALLE: NATALIA DEL-
GADO: DEAVES' MERKY MANIKINS: LA
DREW AND LA ZONE; THE lilKDEL-
LERS: MAKEL LAMSON AND NEW MOV-
ING PICTURES.
SEE THE BABIES IN THE INFANT INCU-
BATORS.
ETMASSTAS IH THE ZOO!
Lets of run in the Penny Arcade.
AMATKUlt NIGHT THURSDAY.
Aumlwlon. 10c; Children. 5c.
When Phoning A»k for "The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
T" DO NOT FAIL TO ATTEND THE
'•NATIVITY CHU CH FAIR"
FELL STREET, Hetween Franklin and Gough.
It «U! b« opened SATURDAY. February 6, at
7:3O p. m.. by .Hl»<. Honor MAYOR E. E.
C5CHM1TZ. Admission Ire*. -
TIVOLISS5S
THE TALK OF THE TOWN!
When Johnny
Comes Marching Home.
A Military Spectacular Comic Op«>ra by Stan-
irlaus Stangc and Julian Edwards.
Martial Music! Picturesque Scenery! North-
ern Soldiers and Southern Sweethearts!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Usual Popular Prices. ?.. ... . .U5c. 50c and 75c
Box Seats $1.00
grand;;™;
WEEK BEGINNING MATINEE TO-DAY
Henry B. Marks Presents
MR. WM. J, HOLMES
In the Beautiful Pastoral Play,
ONE NIGHT IN JUNE
A Sweet. Wholesome Story of Country Life.
Large Cast of Metropolitan Artists.
SPECIAL. MAGNIFICENT SCENERY.
NEW, NOVEL. AND ORIGINAL. SPE-
CIALTIES.
Regular Mat. Saturday— I'sual Popular Prices.
AN UNMISTAKABLE HIT.
A REAL, GENUINE SUCCESS.
Unanimous verdict that
THE BEAUTY SHOP
Is the acme of -musical comedies.
EXCEPTIONAL Hl'MOH.
,\- -.'" DELIGHTFUL MUSIC. -
BEAUTIFULLY STAGED.
ORIGINAL SPECIALTIES,
Presented in an unusual . manner by our "All
Star" cast. ¦
Remember— Secure seats. % Reserve them.
Nc more "standing: room" sold.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE WEEKLY CALL
" $1 per Year.
| DO YOU |
$ WANT SOMETKIXG? |
O In the Want Ad. Columns To- z j
O Day you will find inquiry about: or|
X Kale Help Wanted. <^|
X Sltoations Wanted. ,y j
y Female Kelp 'Wanted. y !
X Agents Wanted. j
r, SXoaey Wanted. ,s
O Money to Iican. y
$ Furniture for Sale. • V
£. Eousekeeplnjr Soomi to Let. '£
¦*-• Furnished Booms to Let. '-•
% Furnished Soomi for Sale. £
A rurriBbed Eoaies for Bent. q
v» Funlshed House* for Sale. v
V Seal Estate, Etc Etc^ Etc. V
Call Aeadfrs will find something A
'•Q: of interest in the "Want Ad. Col- X
O umns. X
rc These little Ads. will not only g
jj prove of interest to those out of
§work, hut to those desiring to im- X
prove their condition as well. K
s
AMUSEMENTS.
i*ftR I IMDI A S.W FEWCISCC'S BEGINNING iMCAUY
vUkUlwlBlM LEADING TOEAiS Second and Last vVeek ! !
MRS. LA NCTRY
MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY NIGHTS.
"MRS. DEERIHG'S DIVORCE"
THURSDAY. FRIDAY and SATAURDAY NIGHTS and Saturday Matinee.
FIRST TIMES HERE ot Sydney Grundy's Modern Society Comedy
"THE DEGENERATES"
As played by Vr». Langtry, for 4S0 Consecutive performances in Londcn and the Provinces.
a Weeks, Bejrinninjr MONDAY, JANUARY 25.
Messrs. Shubert and Nixon and Zimmerman's
If it™ A CHINESE
HONEYMOON
.THE BEST — BIGGEST — BBIOHTEST OF THSM AI.I. 100 PEOPLE.
Seat Sale Commences Next Thursday.
SUNDAY, Jan. 24— German Performance — "AIS XCS WIEDEBZAM.''
ADVEBTISEMENT3. ¦•«-._
ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE
LOWEST PRICES EVER KNOWN IN SAN FRANCISCO
This Great Sale continues during the entire
month of January. Every Fall and Winter garment
must be disposed of. Our successful policy not
to carry over garments from one season to an-
other 'strictly adhered to no matter how low
the price, but go they must.
I A AND LESS THAN 1/ j
•| 72 OF FORMER PRICES 72/ t
TAILOR SUITS I no disappoint SKIRTS
$25,' $27.50, $30, MEN T. , $ 7.50 Silk Skirts
and$32.50 NO MISREP RE- at $3.95
all reduced to . SENTATION. 12.50 Silk Skirts
$14.45 NewLongMilitary at $6.95
Zibeline, Venetian, | °** s a " d f l^ 00 Silk S c k fi ir Q^
Fancy Mixtures T ™*^g Coats at . | . . $8.95
ttR r n -e M . fe ,, at 20.00 Silk Skirts
$18.50 SuitS 9 at $I2iOj$15 j 20& j 25 at ..-..512^5
20.00 " Suits at $ 15 - 00 C oats at 22.50 Silk Skirts
........ $10.95 $ 8 - 95 at $13 ' 95
22.50 Suits af 17.50 Coats at 2.00 Walking
.$11.45 $9.95 Skirts at 85c
40.00 Suits at 20.00 Coats at 3.50 Walking
.$22.50 ....... .$1 1.45 Skirts at. . . .$1.75
42.50 Suits at 25.00 Coats at 4.00 Walking
.$25.00 .$16.45 Skirts at. . .-.$1.95
50.00 Suits at 20.00 Silk Coats 5.00 Walking
.$27.50 at...... $11.95 Skirts at.. . .$2.45
Fl , D 25.00 Silk Coats 7. 50 Dress Skirts
rmiAPFTTFQ at .....$16.45 a* $3.95
UJLLAKLI Itb 40.00 Fur Coats 8.50 Dress Skirts
At y 2 Price at .$25.00 at $4.95
10.00 Quality at 50.00 Fur Coats 10.00 Dress Skirts
$4.95 a t $27.50 at $5.95
15.00 Quality at FarlvsDrintfstvlM 12.50 Dress Skirts
$7.45 tar| y s P rm S style* at $745
20.00 Quality at rca(| V • 15.00 Dress Skirts
. ......... $9.95 for inspection. | at $9.45
1230-1232-1234 Market Street
AMUSEMENTS.
{ - WEEK COMMENCING
T<HS AFIERNOON, JANUARY 17
lj ENTICING "VAUDEVILLE 1
The "Wonder of Two Continent*!
STEIN-ERETTO FAMILY
. Hand Jumping Acrobats. I
hirst c. doris
I STANLEY and WILSON
I Presenting . Their Musical Comedy
Sketch. "BEFORE THE BALL."
j KELLY AND VIOLETTE ")
\ Ths Fashion Plate Staging Duo. ;('
| IRVING JONES
j The Man Who "Writes His Own Son*». \
I WALLNO and MARINETTE
f Vienna Caricature Dancer*.
ASRA
\ European Comedy Juggler.
WHITE AND SIMMONS !
y America's Favorite Comedians. .'
Orpheum Motion Pictures J
Showing the Latest Novelties. \
Last week of the reigning r
Sensation, i
HOWARD THURSTON !
The World's Master Magician- (
I T (
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday,
i Thursday, Saturday and Sunday. \
i \
! Prices 10c, 23c and SOe )
j ———— \
j CALIFORNIA
Xin TO-NIGHT EHIX
I The Melodramatic Success, .,,
TUC 1 ,B
' "L Hsar Hie Famous [
I f flTflL j^^rj J
I WEDDING ¦:
M fee tfce R;»Hi ie Charth Swas witi ||
n Us Chair Bey*. h
i> SPECIAL <
I Bex. 1IOS. EVENING. Jan. 25th. H
Llebler & Co. offer the man who mads H
famous "The Christian." tl
EDWARD MORGAN |
In Hall Caine'» Greatest Masterpiec*. |
i| THE ETERNAL CITY I
¦ n Special Musical Sotting by Maacagni, ff
H Introducing His Latent Intermerxo. !l
: H Entire orislna! New York production I
¦ >n<1 cast, including Frederic d» 1
y Rellevllle. W. E. Bonney. Frank C. |
Jf] Han?!" »nd Sarah Truax. y
a Seat Sale Bfflns TO-MORROW. "
Union CoyrsingPark
P. J. REILLY. Judge. JAS. F. GRACE. Slippe*
SUNDAY, JAN. 17, 1904
Gigantic Open.Stake
Of Seventy-Two
High=Class_Performers
SIOOO-TOTAL PURSE=51000
TRAIN SERVICE: •
Leaves Third and Townsend streets at lft:U
a. m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets, five minutes later. Returning, at 4:45
p. m. and after the last cours». San Mateo
electric cars direct to park entrance erery four
minutes durtnc the day.
ADMISSION* 25 CENTS: tuVPIES FREE.
LYRIC HALL A ?2S
BUR X ON
HOLMES
LECTTRE3
MAGNIFICENT, COLORED VTSWS ¦
RICALISTIC MOTION PICTCRE3
SIBERIA MONDAY
ALASKA I- * TUESDAY
The Fjords. Sitka and White Pass.
PEKING WEDNESDAY
ALASKA II • THVRSDAY
The Tukon the Klondike and Cap* Nome.
KOREA ' FRIDAT
special Matinee at 3 p. m.
SATURDAY— (Subject to Be Announced.)
Reserved Seats. $1. 73c and SOc. General At-
mission 50c. at Sherman, Clay * Co. s.
NOW ON SALE.
6»n Francisco _ r%
Auto noblls <4^TK^ «.
Rates le*s than carriages. L y^jfi|V^aa >
JttobUe vap-lafte Co. ,Uj—' S ?E£2X=^
Golden Gat* and Van Ness Aves.
Phones Larkln 3S41— Polk 3086.
Downtown Office. Lobby Palaca Hotel.
Phone Bush S39.
You Can Secure These Cars at Any Hotel or
Caf« by Asking for Mobile Carriage Co.
SALES DEPARTMENT— COAST AGENCIES.
Pierce Arrow Touring Car (French) prlce.$2S3O
Pierce Stanhap* (French type) 133O
Northern Runabout (leader In New York) »OO
Fine Garage, expert mechanics, guarantee ex.
penses.
MOBILE CARRIAGE COMPANY.
- Van Ness and Golden Gate Avu.
: Racing i^^^^Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
, '. - Commencing January 4.
Racing Each Week Day. Rata or Shine.
. Six dr More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 *p. m. sharp.
For ipecial trains stopping at the track tak»
• S. P Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12.
12:301 l:0l>. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No tmoktng la
last c*o cars, which are reserved for ladle*
ami their escorts.
Katurnlng trains leave track at 4:10 and
t 4:43 and Immediately after the last rae«. .
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. Pi mill— I.
PERCY W.- TREAT. Secret***.
A-DVEBTISEMEirea.
IWDresser^ 0
This beautiful Dfesser — Gold-
en Oak finish, swell front,
bevel French plate mirror; just
like picture. This week only
.,.$12,50...
$7r.00 Worth of $7.50
I U *""* Furniture for | Do ma.
And 91. SO a Week.
"We are- complete house-fur-
nishers hotels, flats or country
•3 homes. Estimates cheerfully
M given.
| on. T. BRILLIANT 3?8
I & FURNITURE CO. Po8 t 3 s 4 t :
Palari* D^' T fail to
1 U1U WV . Bee tho beautiful
j COURT Lounging
51 fin room.' the EMPIRE
.• auu PARLOR, the
\ P J PALM ROOM, tho
iinina louis xv par.
U1UHU loR, and the LA-
II 4 A 1~ DIES* WRITING
I Hotels I room.
'DOTTCIJIT'C FOR BARBERS. BA-
OIlUOnElO kers - bootblacki. bath-
**V WI T***" 1 " 1 * housea. billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, cannera.
dy»:rs. IJour mill*, foundries, laundries, paper- ;
hangers, - printers, painters, shoe factories.
stablemen. - tar-roofers, tanner*, tailor, etc i .
BUCHANAN BROS, :
Brush Manufacturer*, 609 Sacramento St.
&&> or«»ic^^>^c^?^^c^2c^e^oooj^?c85 o^sc^o-^^^ajcs^^xo^ce^cex^ce^ce^ »30d093Eb909D9%sc933C8oeoeoE3CSDecdKoecg
FRFrSH FROM te^d art supplement:! j
I I\LUI I I \\\Jl \ the Talk ~rr\ MFYT' I
THE GARDEN] Isunday^ctllII
And rnust be seen to be really appreciated. Samples are on X
dis>'ay everywhere and all dealers handle THE CALL Next §
Sunday's art picture Is entitled "Fresh From the Garden." §
FRESH FROM THE GARDEN. I
Very appetizing will be the next picture presented to Sunday Call g
readers. It is an example of still Ufe and is called "Fresh From the Gar- £>
den," being a beautiful reproduction in colors of the famous painting by <>
the eminent French artist, Louis dc Scbryver. »
The composition is a delight in it* originality and appetizing charac- o
ter. One might readily imagine it as a dainty surprise prepared for the §
onlooker by some loving hand, the portrayal being .absolute in its realism.
One feels nlmost like picking up the berries individually and putting them
fa the mouth, so true to nature are they pictured. tf
De Sehryver has surpassed himself in this particular canvas. He is . S
not usually given to representing still life. He is bettor known to the ft
world of art as a painter of street scenes peopled by the figures of well- " \Q
gowned Parisian women. He is, however, a great artist, as this picture to X'
be given away to Sunday Call readers next Sunday demonstrates. ,<5
He Is Parisian born, a celebrated exhibitor in the salon in '86 and jg
for years following. He won a second class medal in '91 and first class S
in '96. He is still n young and promising artist, being on the sunny side X
of 50. The probabilities arc that greater honors are reserved for him £)•
as he steadily progresses. , §
Cut out and paste this description on back of the picture for future information. ¦ o
; | p
Thousands of newspaper readers are either framing these pictures or collecting them to g
be bound in portfolio form. §
All Newsdealers in "The Great West" Sell THE CALL. Newsboys on All Trains Sell THE CALL. |
Complain If You Don't Get THE CALL. |
THE DAILY CALL — Greater San Francisco's Greatest Paper. |
Subscribe for It. |The actual number of naval and mili
tary prisoners, committed to civil pris~>
ons in Ireland during 1S02 was 527 " j
OAKLAND. Jan. 16.— The following
marriage licenses were issued: by. the
County^ Clerk to-day: Andrew J. Flynn,
over 21. Oakland! and Martha J.
Brown, over 18, Berkeley; George, H.
Emart, 44, and Christina Lassen," 48,
both of Livermore; Clifford. P. Brown,
26. and Lulu A. .Hayes, 20, both of
Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
Boar:! Grants Certificates.
OAKLAND, Jan. 1G.— The County
Board of Education met to-day and
granted the following teachers' cer
tificates: George C. Rutan and Lucy
Quinn, grammar grade; Miss M. L.
Rullman, permanent grammar grade,
and W. H. Stafford, high school.
Nothing delights a woman who Iove3
nature so much as, gathering wild
(luv,ere and pi asses for the -purpose of
AW.MEDA, Jan. 16. — Attorney E.
K. Taylor is endeavoring to secure
frcm the City Trustees a lease of the
600 f»»et .of frontage on the estuary
near the Harrison-street bridge owned
by the municipality. Taylor states
that the persons desiring to rent the
land intend to establish a manufactur
ing plant.
Want City # Water Frontage.
BERKELEY. Jan. 16.— Justice Ed
prnr «entenced Christopher Cole, who
pleaded g-uilty to selling liquor, with
out a license, to Jail this morning: for
six months, with »c. alternative. The
Jcsiic«- said that he -bad determined
to-mak^ nn example of Cole, as fines
cf J2SC iir/1 $."00 on other offenders
hnri no efff-cL
St-ikIb U<jnor Seller to Jail
OAKLAND. Jan. 16.— -A writ of ha
beas corpus was sued out to-day in
behalf of August F. Owen, now in
prison on a charge of having stolen
a yacht from Captain O. Anderson.
Judge S. P. Hall has made an order
directing Sheriff John Bishop to pro
duce the petitioner in court next Mon
day and show cause why he should
not be given his liberty. Owen al
leges that there is no evidence- upon
which to hold him and that the facts
do not warrant his detention.
ItesortH to Habeas Corpus.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16.— Mary E. Har
r:« wma granted a divorce to-day from
Frank L. Harris on the ground of
failure to provide and desertion. He-
Thought the suit, but she was awarded
the decrtH» ¦ on a crossa-complaint.
Hrace A. Morgan has begun an ac
tion for divorce against, Daniel Mor
gan on the ground of desertion. She
v iphed to take her maiden name,
Madden.
Ask Court* for Divorce.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 16. — James J.
Jollymour pleaded guilty before -Jus
tice of the Peace F. S. Cone to a
charge of battery preferred by Robert
Dykeman and was fined $100. Jolly
mour was originally charged with as
sault with a deadly weapon, he having
been accused of beating Dykeman into
insensibility with a billiard cue. Judge
A. F. St. Sure, attorney for the defend
ant, made a plea for mercy on behalf
of the family of Jollymour and said
that his client would plead guilty if
the charge was reduced. This the
court and prosecution consented to.
Jollymour Pleads Guilty.
OAKLAND, Jan. l«.—The con
tract between the Central Supply
Company and the county "of Alameda
for 100 balloting machines was signed
to-day by the chairman of the Board
of Supervisors on behalf of the coun
ty, and the president and secretary of
the Central Supply Company on be
half of the corporation. A surety
bond in the sum of $31,250 was given
by the Aetna Indemnity Company for
the faithful execution of the con
tract.
Contract for Machines Signed.
: A very curious lawsuit is announced
for hearing shortly before the court of
Rome. Olinto Spadohi, who is well
known to all English speaking tourists
in Rome, is bringing an action against
Father Ludovic Martin, general of the
Jesuits, claiming $4000, besides costs
and other expenses, for work said to
have been done by him under instruc
tions from Martin. Spadoni . says, that
in 1898, when Americanism, seemed
about to create a schism in the Catho
lic.; church in the United States, he,
being: already proprietor and «ditor of
a weekly paper, the Roman Herald,
proposed to Father Martin the foun
dation of a new organ, which appear
ed for some time under the title of
the True Catholic American.. The pa
per, was sent to the States in thousands
and Spadohi says that all this was
done under the guidance of Father
Martin. He ' attributes, however, . to
himself and the influence of his paper
most of the. merit for bringing .about
a reconciliation of the Catholic fac
tions in America, ending with Arch
bishop Ireland's submission. Spadoni
asked for compensation, but having as
yet received nothing, has recourse "to
the law courts.—^New York Commer
cial Advertiser. ¦ •
A Curious Lawsuit.
An office may. be an altar.
OAKLAND. Jan. 16.— The board of
directors of the Alameda County
Teachers' Annuity Association met to
day and organized for the year 1904
by electing Supervisor John Mitchel
president, Superintendent of Schools
Crawford secretary and County Treas
urer Feidler treasurer. Miss Powell
for many years identified with the
public schools of Oakland, was placed
on the retired, list and is the first
teacher to receive benefit from the as
sociation.
Gets Her Annuity
Mrs. Arlov is in destitute circum
stances and fears that her husband
has met with foul play. Arlov Is de
scribed at 29 years of a^e, live feet
eight inches tall, with dark complex
ion and dark mustache.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16. — Paul Arlov, a
waiter employed at the California
restaurant, who resided at 902 Sev
enth street, has been missing since
last Wednesday. His wife has report
ed to the police that Arlov left the
house to call a physician for their
two-year-old child, who was ill, and
did not return, nor has she Ijeen able
to find any trace of him.
Paul Arlov Loaves His Home to Call
a Physician and Fails to
Return!
HUSBAND IS MISSING
AND WIFE DESTITUTE
A deltehtful mupleale w»» given at t n a
home of Dr. O. I* Schmidt; luTift H^nta. Clar «
ttvcn"e» AUmeda. nn Thursday- evening m
honor of his " birlhdar. Ml*> Florence M
SchRstiU, hl» niece, herself an atrcompMsh* j
musician, arranged a mucL-al fcrogramm*
whii'b.' proved the feature of th* "t>t\-n1n-
Those prnrent.were Dr. O. L. Schm'iU "prc
ftsBor M. Sulano. Mr? M. Sulano, Mjsa Gon
tale*. ET.' G. Kills. C. W. S.'hraiat. o ,
Schmidt Jr.. William H. Ccdfri. M!s» Flor
ence M. Eihmidt of Alamedn. Ur."<5. C Hurn-f
J. Cacrs* Smith. Mr». J. Clears* Smith , wj!
lessor Kucene Colby or Cak!and. M|.-s \ 'up-JT
nan. Washmcton. D. C; Chdrlra y' Full -r
ni-f^S 1 " r ' O5a: F - Hahn a " s -
The Installation of offleers by th« Rerkeley
lodga of -Odd Fellows Tuesday «•»'« --^ -s»
occasion for much enjoyment by th» member*.
After the, ceremony" a supp«r was served la
the banquet room. Th* iu»nt!iHti,,n w *» lU( .
rie.1 on unicr the direction of J. E. StreigJultf
aetlne district deputy grand master, the follow!
Ing named being inducted Into of flea; Junior
past rrand. n. C.Staats: noble grand. It s
Cameron; vice grand, • H. D. Kclney; recording
secretary. J. W. Striker; financial secretary.
N. T. K«nw: treasurer, n. : . . Und«rwoo»»
warden, Edward Alden: outside ruarJIan F*
J. Hyus; conductor, A. II. Droad: Inside guar
dian. A. rnrclelte: rljrht •upprrter. J. ft Lln
scott; left supporter. W; D. WeTla. ¦
Mr. and Mrs." Wallace O. White, formerly of
Chicago, ara the guests ol Mr. and Mrs, Allen
O. Freeman of Telegraph avenue, Mr. Whits
was. until recently engaged In business In Chi
cago, which he relinquished to accept t posi
tion with the San Francisco nous* of th« J. K.
Arm i by Company. "¦
An Informal dancine party meets every week
at the Town and Gown Club and enjoys two
hours of fun. Among the dancers are Mr. and
Mrs. Frank M. Wilson. Mr. and Mm. Edward
A. S«lfridi{it Jr.. Mr. and Mm. Frederick Tor
rey, Mr. and Mrs. John Galen Howard, Pro
fessor and Mrs. Jacques Loeb. Mr. and Mrs.
TlQUgla* Keith and Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Rickan). -,
BERKEUST. Jan. 16. — Announcement is
made of the engagement of Miss Cassle T.
Darrah of Berkeley and Edward J. Wren of
Ran Fraacisco. They will be married In Juna
and reside In San Francisco, wh«r» Mr. Wren
Is employed. Mias Darrah makes her home
with her sifter. Mrs. M. H. Cuentner of 2121
Fhattuck avenue. Mr. Wren Is a «on cf Mrs.
E, J. Wren of 71S Natcma atrett.
Mrs. Harden Lake Crawford, who Is visit
ing" her nawnts. Major and Mrs. C. C. Clay.
In Fr-ltvale, has sent out cards for January
22, when she will give an elaborate luncheon
at the University Club. The affair t.-!u be
complimentary to Ml»» Edna Barry, who is
noon to w«d Mrs. Crawford's brother, Philip
Clay, and to Miss Margaret Sinclair.
About severity-flve gu«sts played five hun
dred IMs afternoon' At the Browns', on Hir
rUon street, when Mtss Alma Brown enter
tained in honor of Miss LJUlan Moller. - The
spacious, handsome rooms were fragrant with
violets and daffodils, and the girls themselvaa
looked like flowers in their pretty light gowns.
Mis* Moller and Mr*. J. 1/jrtn Pease Resisted
Miss Drown In scoring, and the prizes were
won by Mrs. Lee .Cole Burnham, Ml.«s L=-n*
Tlcdir.yton, Mtss Alice Conklln and Miss CrUsle
Taft. . ;
The members of the cfub are i>r- and Mrs
H. y. CarUon. Mr. and Mrs. William High.
Mr. and Mrs. Seth Mann, Mr. and Mrs. W,
K. Miles. Mr. and Mr*. Frederick Dallam.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lovell, Mr. and Mrs.
Keltcn Taylor and Mr. and Mrs. Churchill
Taylor.
The Little N>l:;hbortioo<J Club, •which m#ers
every two WttlH to tnjoy a game of IHQ. was
ent«rtnln#«l la«t fvenins hy Mr. and Mrs.
Churchill Taylor at th*lr artistic home on
tVebster ttrr*t. I5y a hwptiy coincidence the
best poorrs were mad* by Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Hljrh. who werf aw*rd*d the prizes.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 16. — John Purcell.
the athlete, who, while temporarily
demented last Monday, fired a bullet
through the roof of his mouth, shows
remarkable signs of improvement and
the doctor* now have hopes that he
will recover.
Stur-mers. M!*s E*t<»lle KleetnRft. Mrs. Hen
Woolner. Mrs. Will Westphal, Mrs. Theodore
Weatphal, Mrp. O«orjre Wise, Mrn. Harry O.
Williams, Miss Florence Zlpcenfuss and "itiis
Annie Xoung.
Piirccll's Condition Improves.
All the men are ex-soldiers. One
possessed a medal with six bars.—
Dublin Times.
So the court Rdjouraed to the yard,
Mr. Fordham selected "Hark, the Her
ald Angels Pins" as a te^ piece, and
the four prisoners Hang it.
He v.as quite satisfied. The prisoner*,
he thought, sang very well, indeed, and
he did not wonder at people giving
them money. With a kindly caution
he discharged them; they must not
sing In the public streets.
"That is a carol." observed Mr. Ford
ham, and some people very much like
to hear curols at thi« time of the year."
Then, to the surprise of the court and
the d (-light of the "waits." he added.
"I will ascertain if these people were
really singrinir or makingr a noise."
-V iiuavttt rarty provided the con
cert. v.l:!ch was quite an Impromptu
affair. Thrve wen and a woman were
charged with singing in the streets at
£to3;o iTev.ir.ston and gathering alms.
"It sour.ufd ilke 'Onward, Christian
Soldiers.' " said a constable, but the
tenor of the party indignantly denied
this. 'It was 'Hark, the Herald Angela
sinr,' " h« corrected.
Thire was a musical nu'tinee at the
North London Pcllce Court on Friday.
Ths prcjrra?rimf» consisted of carols,
am! Mr. Fi;rdham, the magistrate, act
ed as critic. ¦
$trrtsce Serci? In Police Court.
It required the' laying of a brick
lined culvert under Broadway to con
nect the Courthouse with the boilers,
which are situated in the cellar of the
Hall of Records. Another -culvert
connects : the Receiving Hospital with
the boiler-room.
¦OAKLAND. Jan. 16.— -The new
heating apparatus for the county
buildings was started up to-day for
the first time and Supervisor Joseph
Kelly, who has the matter in charge,
expressed considerable satisfaction at
the way in which it worked. Instead
of burning numerous individual coal
stoves in the Courthousb, Hall of Rec
ords and Receiving Hospital, an oil
burning steam heating apparatus has
been substituted. Registers have been
distributed throughout the buildings
and it is expected that there will bo
a- ; considerable saving of expense to
the county. . . ".
Owing to miscalculation by the con
tructora, the work was not completed
when expected. Many of the rooms,
especially the Judges' chambers and
court rooms, have been very cold and
gas stoves had to be put into opera
tion.. The new plant, however, it is
expected, ; will supply plenty of heat
from how on.
and Registers 6lve Forth Much
Desired Warmth. ' .
Long Delayed Work Finally - Finished.
STEAM HEATING PLANT
WARMS COUNTY BUILDING
OAKLAND. Jan. 16.— The new Bell
Theater, on San Pablo avenue, oppo
site the City Hall Plaza, wiU'be open
ed next Monday evening with a flrat
class vaudeville programme. The
building, Which was erected especially
for the Bell Amusement Company, is
modern and up-to-date in every re
spect. It is so arranged that in case
of fire the whole front of sixty feet
may be thrown open.
The members of the company are
among the best known business men
of Oakland and they have used every
effort to provide a first-class place of
amusement.
Playhouse Is I,ocntPtl Opposite City
Hall Plaza and liulldinz Is Mod
ern and Fireproof.
NEW BELL THEATER
WILL OPEN' MONDAY
BERKELEY YOUNG WOMAN
WHO WAS ROBBED BY A
POLITE FOOTPAD.
Systems of shop-cost keeping, says
Cassier's Magazine, have been so much
harped upon, both in. pap.?rs before
technical societies and 'in technical pe
riodicals, that it wjjuld seem as though
pretty nearly everything had been said
and printed about them that could be
thought of, and in very many instances
the or:!y result has been a waste of
time and printer's ink. "vVhon a sys
tem of any kind require? sov?ral addi
tional systems and a special staff to
keep it gtin? properly it is «nfe to con
clude that It is not what you want. It
is not likely. In that event, to be a time
and money saver, and that is what the
right kind of system should be. — >?»ir
York Commercial.
'System*'* lu Sliou Cost.
"tiood evening, miss," said this mod
ern Dick Tur;>i2i when he met Miss
Jouilientl on the Santa Fe Railroad
trat ks a quarter of a block from her
homo at U:30 o'clock last night. kHe
bowed and scraped and lifted his hat
so many .times that Miss Jouillerat
thought he was only going to ask the
way to Oakland. ' i She hesitated a mo
ment before passing 1 on and he inter
cepted her.
BEGS VICTIM'S PARDON.
"I humbly beg your pardon, miss,
but—"
And he sut one of his hands over
her mouth and the other in her left !
hand.'
"I will trouble you for whatever
money you happen to have about your
person. I am .indeed sorry to trouble
you thus, but my poverty compels me :
to do so."
As Miss Jouillerat did not betray any
disposition to- scream Dick finally un
covered her mouth arid devoted him
self to a search for valuables. He ran
his hands over her lingers In the hope
of running across some rings. Then
he rummaged around her purse, but
all he could find was 40 cents.
"I wish I had something wKh which
to hit you,'' said Miss Jouillerat, while
,she was submitting to Dick's scrutiny.
"Xo doubt you would, miss," he re
plied, "but I have taken the necessary
precautions, you see."
Dick referred to Miss Joulllerat's um
brella. ' He had confiscated it^in the
belief that she would belabor him with*
it if the chance offered. In the inter
val it had fallen to the ground.
"That is about all this evening,"
said Dick at last. "You may go now.
Here's your umbrella."
It was then that he unburdened
himself of that facetious remark as
to the "bumness" of the hold up.
"I will escort you home if you
wish," urced Dick.
"No, thank you; I can ro . home
alone," replied his victim. •
THREATENS TO SHOOT.
"Well, then, hurry up. And be
careful not to make any noise, because
I'll, shoot."
I Miss Jouillerat did hurry home, but
she did not tell the police about It.
She wasn't scared enough for that.
"I wasn't frightened a bit," said
Miss Jouillerat to-day. "I was going
to scream at first, but after the first
shock I became more philosophical. I
felt that if I attempted to resist ' I
would get the worst of it, and as I had
nothing to lose there was nothing to
gain by fighting. He was certainly a
very courteous highwayman."
Miss Jouillerat was returning: from
practice with the choir, of the Tenth
avenue Baptist Church in East: Oak
land, where she Is a soloist, .when she
met the .highwayman. She did not
get a good look at his face, as hi3 back
was against, the light coming from an
electric arc standing 1 where the Santa
Fe tmcks and Sixty-first street cross.
But she thinks she N heard : enough*;bi
his. voice to enable her to recognixe it
should she hear it again. The man
wore a short light overcoat, black
Fedora hat and seemed about 5 feet 7
inches 'n height. . .
Miss Jouillerat Is 23 years old and the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Adolph A.
Jouillerat of Sixtr-flrst street.
This highwayman had all the gen
erosity and gallantry and "fconcelt of
his prototype, die famous, or Infa
mous, Dick Turpin. No pistols, no
threats, no harsh words, only good
planners; It was "Please, miss, allow
me"; "I beg your pardon," and so on
all the way through. It was such a
pleasant experience that Miss Juillerat
wouldn't nund meeting that highway
man acaji'i.
BERKELEY, Jan. 16. — Mi?s Flor
inne Jouillerat at 964 Sixty-first street
knows what it is to come face to face
with that rare species, a nice, polite,
well-bred highwayman — polite and at
the sam.e time witty. She met the
gentleman last night and he robbed
her — of 40 cents. They were a bitter
disappointment — those three . dimes
and two nickles — but he didn't forget
his cheerfulness nor breeding: for a
minute. Oh, no; he just picked up
.the young woman's umbrella and with
Chesterfieldlan grace handed It back
to her, rounding out the action with
this keen bit of humor:
"Well, miss, this is a bum hold-up,
isn't it?"
President. H. II. Kjwards; vic» rresident. J.
AmetX; «t*orctary. T. J. Courtr.^y; treasurer,
\V. K. Berry; r>lesate to IJuiluins Trades
Council. V. E. Bell
Union Protests to Board of Works
Against Firemen Painting *
Engine Houses.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16. — The names of
the following newly elected delegates
have been received br the Federated
Trades Council:
Hakery Vi'afcn Drivers" Local No. 024. Joe
Mitchell; Barbers' Union. Local No. 134. Ben
Utrensteln. Carl Landers, W. W. Butler and
G. K. Smith: Amalgamated Meat Cutters and
•HutclMT Workmen of North America Local
No. J20. A. K. UcGovero. H. Dthrman and C.
G. Sohf-lthe; Lumlvcr Handlers' and Tally
mfn's Union. No. "Zo. M. P. Nielsen. Wj S.
I3«»avpy and B. Cunmrcham; Laundry Work
ers' l?nioi I^ocal No. ."u. MsjJp Mcliancy.
Ti:ile Walters. J. \V. ?mit- y end H. E. Math
f»a; Flour and Cereal Miil Workers" Union.
No. 14. T. J. Koch and C. Rcichtrt.
. The Shinerlers' Crilon has installed
the follov.inc offlcerE:
NAMES pr DELEGATES SENT
TO THE TRADES COUNCIL
Fifteen years ago the sit«? whereon
the city of Oklahoma now stands was
a stretch of prairie. To-day the city
contains nearly 30,000 inhabitants. It
own? its local Water syntem and all of
Its street? are paved with asphalt.
There are ten miles of electric car
lines. The Marorts are building a
new temple, and $200,000 has been ex
pended In erecting churches -within the
last year. Several college building?
have been built and a $25,000 Carnegit-'
library. Oklahoma City has four.rail
reads and sixty-seven wholesale- houses
and forty-figrht manufacturing estab
lishments, with twenty-two news
papers. The eight banks have deposits
of over $5,009,000.— New York Commer
cial.
A Phenomena 1 City.
Mrs. George Humphrey < nee German) Is plan
nine a card party In honor of Miss Anna
Whitney of Honolulu for Tuesday, January 19
The Invited RUtsts are Mr>. Percy Clay Black"
Mrs. Richard Ay res. Miss Ethel C'ornwaK.'Mleis
Ihez Bpyne, M!m Edna Curdt^. Miss Helen
Crane Mrs. Eusenp Ellis,. MI.«5 Lou bcni> : on
Mis. A. F' Da!*!el. M!#s Dunham^ MIm.Flor
ence Hatch, Mrs. "WV H. L. -Hynea, Mr*."Ecl
waid V. Hushes,: Mrs Geotge-C. Humphrey.
Miss Alma Sevenlns. Miss Alva Ehay. Miai
Flcrerxe Taylor, .¦ Miss : Carrie M'lleT. -Miss
Helsn, Nelaon. Ml*a Alma Nelson, Mrs. -Henry
E. Mclvln. Miss' Julia S;irumers, M.ss Beutah
One of the most pleasing affairs of the week
was Riven thla evenlns by Miss Florence White
In honor of Miss Edna Barry, Miss Mae Eurdgre,
Miss Jacqueline Moore and Miss Florence nonne
of Berkeley. The suests were: Miss Jacqueline
M^ore. Miss Mae Burdge, M.lsa KJna Barry,
Miss Florence Doone. MIsb Marian Smith. Mies
Bessie. Palmer. M!«» Jean Downey, Miss Jane
Crellln. Miss Kthel Crellin, Mls» Grace McCor
mick. Mlfa Florence Nlshtlnirnle, Miss Grace
Panborn; Ml*s Eleanor Flaw. Miss Pearl King.
Mts« MtRnon McCartney. Mis? Kthel \'alentipe»
Miss Viva Nicholson, Miss Isabelle Hooper.
Miss Jsinet Hooper, Miss Julia Letght,
Miss Jean ClUt. Miss Pauline Kore.
Mli?s lone Fon-. Miss • Pearl McCartney.
Miss Edith McCab*. Mlrs Marie- Plaw, illta
May Coogan. Mtsa Hess Prlnfrle. Mtss Gertrudo
Allen. Mies ChrirsieTa/t. Miss Alice Coaklln,
Miss Lillfan Downey.^Mlss Ada Krnna, MUs
Kdtth Gasklll. Wn Flonmco Hufih. Mire Clara
Chabot. MIbs Myrtle McCartney. Miss Alice
Knowles. ilirs Ruth Kncwles. Miss Grace Sper
ry, M'Ps.MBrynret Sinclair. Ml»s Grace Bald-
Win. MlM Iv»nl!»« Green. Miss Klsle Marwedell,
Miss Helen Chnsf. Miss Florence Starr, Mln
Edna Barry. Miss Susie Utxby. Mtss Alice
Hawkhurrt. Miss Bessie Reed. MlrF Laura San
born. : MU» Irene Banys. Ml5? I^etty Barn 1 .
Mi*s Alma Serening. Mr. and Mrs. Geortre
Clark Dnvls. Mr. nnd Mr*. ; Dan BeMen. Mr
and Mr*. Fdmund Baker. Mr. and Mrs. irvinR
l.untnx-'rr. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Starr.. Mr. anj
Mrc. Irving Burrell. Mr. and Mm. .William
Watt, ,Mr. and Mrs. ..Stunner Crosby and
Messrs. Arthur Foster. WiflUtm Hawkhiirst
Bert Bemmel. Traylor BeH, . Charlos Hntehln
aon, Bon Reed, Dr. William Wlllard. Will
Russell. Chare* P. Bate* Jr., 'Wilder Wl^ht
Tom Knowles. Ralph Ph«lps, Arthur Easter
brook. : Dr. J'ercy OnffcUJ,' Ppn THIer. Lloyd
Laccy, Jcreph nr>Hborough. John Sanhrjrn. Ptan
ley Moore. WiptriPston.CreeV Arthur Gooifol-
Inw, Don- Spencrr. Fr"d ' C<>k'ln. r^vli^irteW
Prlngle. Edward Klnir. Uon'a Allen Will Sin
born. .*' Harold Haven*. ., H'-^m Irnjl Frank
Hooper. Fred Dte^kmann. PliHIp Clr.y, Albfyi
Plow; Leslie HarlrtrjR. .TnmeH Kenna, I'aJuh
McCorm!clr. - Pre-l'.pn fie'lty. fhn'-'e.n Uririe
Bernard ItHler. 'H*"-b"rt T.Bijchrg. Hugh Good
fellow and Arthur Gclsler.
Arnont tho»#» who at'lEted Mrs. Jlac in.r*
celvJnK Wtn*Jf?t nlei:.-, Miis Mab;l Toy, U
Sftn FtandKcT Airs. Grave Tj). J.Irs. T. C
toojrun. Mrs. Harry P. Uarrtpn M.ra. Krederl.-is
1'. Cuttlntr. Mrs. I'tnnk BOtUr Mrs. W. II.
Miles, Mrt. B. t<. Hujibard, Mrs. w. J. Pal
ntantt-pr. Ivjr*. Saratfol J. '*t«0«w. Mrd. D. H.
Math.-;? ana tduwia Cordelia ilishjp Vm/
i-'ougan, l'aulinf s.c!iin\ Kvclyn Cralc, Klsu>
Everucjj, i It l.n cir.i •*, AUlWk Oliver, Lita
echlcsinfrer, Mollip .Muthro l'ai:h Sturtevont
ami Uertrude uiwTvr.tju.
TJiom in\ittd Wi-tt'. Mrs. S. O. Alexander.
Mita May AIf«r,.:,r, ?.i» ft . n. C. Austin the
Mhst-s Austin. Aluv.edar Mrs. J. li. Amm«-r
maun. Mrs. M. Ai!:t:n, Mrs>. II. U. IJurb.tnk,
Mrs. y\- U. Ua.ul y. Mrs-. K. V. Uarber. ilra.
N. AV. Ri;iry, Mlf» Mabtl JJ'-rry, Mrs. Edjjat
KUhop, AliMi Cvrdetla Blshon. Mis. M. M
Hrock, Mrs. O. K. UroRp, Mrs. Arthur
Urown, Mr*. David lirown. Mrs. Charlfit
Drown.' Mrs. John Drittcn, ' Mrs. I 1 . Birtlett.
Mies Uartlrtt. Mrs. Willsid Barlcn. Mr*. J.
It. iiurnhdiii, Mi.'.* I^ucretia Urirish-jtii. Mrs.
P. M. JlutU'r. Mrs. Gilbert B»leh«r. Mrs. U".
Haxt»r. MivD Allc UlaU:. Mrs. J. Urierley.
Mrs. FfEssrnlen Cla'k. r?an FrancJsco; Mrs.- S.
Ci-anp, M:s» ilollie Conners. Mrs. H. V. Carl
ton. .Mrt. .y 3. C&rmi-n. lln. it. II. Cham
berlain. Mr*. O. H. Collins, lllcs Pauline Col
llw, Mrs. M. C. Chnpinan. M^rs. Hugh «;ral«,
Mlfa Kvolyn Craisr.- Mrs. Fre<lfrlck Cuttlr.ir.
Mrs. T. C. Coouun. ill*:* Ma y < Coosran, Mr*.
t)."A. Chasf, Mi?s Heli-n Chase, Mcs. Thomas
Cr^llin. th^ MiFtjf* Crellia. th<! Mi5E«-s Uuffey
of Kochester. N. Y-. Mrs. Qeorn Domln. Mr».
M'. 11. Duxmrnr, Mrs. Wallace Everson. the
Ml»jf3 Evprs^i. Mrs. John D. K!y, Ml».i CljrU
r'.ti VAv, Mrn. lJiinc:»n EVihert^. Mra. - Wallace
i:\-c-rctt. Mrs. Alfred Eartlond. Mrs. E. M.
KnrJfhurdl. MlfS Kate Ensl<hardt. Mrs. Dan
|tlj)Kast>tt?ttls>ft, Dr. Susan Fenton. Mrs. E.
C. Fnrnham, M!ss Klma Foraham, ilra. An
drew l<ln», Mrs. J. P. Oarvey, Miss Ella Gar
vey, Mrs. r^ovld Oaec Mrs. U. W. C. Oaskill.
Jlr*. S. M. trllman. Mrs. Char!e3 Gllrnin,
Mrs. XV. II. Oarthwa'.te. Mis>s ll?!en Onrth
waite Mr?. M. Mi Oocdhue. Mr-. Ida (lorrlll,
Mrs. GlUs Oror. MU« Mab«-I Orny. Mrs. J.
1'. Or.rilrlc. Jdri. John GUchHst. Mrs. Clark, hi
QnMurxl, Mrs. >Ioopfr; Mrs. HnrriF, Mr*. Krnnst
llpmn. Mrs. Krncst I#nt?r or P*n Francisco,
the MIshcs Hcutnr of San Francisco. Mn». C. H.
Huffman. S?n Francisco; Mrs. Edwin Town*
Huffman, San Francisco: ' JIrs, Howard
Holme*. Fan Francisoo: Mrs. J C. Hall. Al»-
Wda: Mrs. E. M. Hall/ Mm. D. II. Haskrll.
San Francises ; Ml** Sa/ah Horton. Mrs. B. 3.
Hubbard, Mrs. E. C. Hnrar. Mi*n Lout*} JIa
gnr. Mrs George Ismon, Mrs, Frfd Jecobs.
Frar.clBCo: Mrs, Charlrs Kflirjccr. Mrs«. Frank
Kendall Miss T. Kenda'l. Mr?, John Mvlngr
ston. M'sfCH Clvlngstcn. Mm. N. Landrm. San
Francisco: Mrs. John K. Mc£.«!n. Mrs. I. N.
Miller. Mrs Julian Math^w. Mrs. .Tam<-« Ma
oli«#. Mr*. T>. H. MnthfR. Mls»» MolHe M,lthcs.
Mrs T L. Merrill. Mm. GecrR? Morrow. Mrs.
N H. Mll'F, R S. Moor«. Mrs. Edward New
ell Miss E, NfwrH.Mrs. Seth Mann. Mr». J
N. Maclure Mrs. W. It. MprrUon, Mrs. F. T.
McHcnry Mrs. John Nelson. Mlssos Nelson.
Mrs N L. OUver. Misfes Oliver. Mrs. Charles
E. Paliner. Miss Bessie Palmer. Mrs. C. B.
Paroella Mrs J. H. Palmer, Mrs. Asa Smith
Peck. Mr». \V, J. Palmanteer. Mrs. C P.il
mantVer. Mr«. ¦ W". H. Qulnn. Mrs. Ch«rl»n T.
Rodolph Mrs. George Rodolph. Mrs. .\lbert
Itow«s Mrs. Dav'd Rutherford. ! Mlsa<-» Ruther
ford 'Mr«. nawlinjrs. Ml?s Jane Rawllngs.
Mrs' F H. Starkweather. JIr». C. O. Scott.
San Francisco: Mm. Gordon Stoip. Miss Geor
gle Btronjt. Mpu F, M. Smith. Miss Mirlon
Smith, Mrs Charles Snook. Miss Faith Sturto
vant Mrs. Alice StomlJs. Mrs. T. J. Savage.
San 'Rafael: Mrs. W. F. S«snon. San Fran
cisco; Mrs. £> t>. Stubbi. M1f« It, Stubba. Mra.
Schleslngfr. Mtss Llta Schleslnirer. Mrs. George
D Toy San Francisco; Mm. Harvey M. Toy,
8an FrantiKCo; Miss Mabel B, Toy, Ban Fran
cljco- Mlrrf Grace Trevor. Mrs. Samuel J. Tay
lor Mrs Edward I». Tnyior. M!3s Margaret
Taylor. Mm. Louis Ta«h«-lra. Mrs. W. Veltch,
Mrt M J. Wired. Washington. D. C; Mrs,
Alexander \VU»on, San Francisco; Miss Bersle
WlUon San Francisco: Mrs. Walter Wilson.
Alameda; Mrs. George E. Wilson. Mrs. E. M.
\Val»h Miss Marlon Walsh. Mrs. 1^. W. Wiitht.
Misses' WiRht. Mrs; James F. Wlirirlns. Mrs.
G S Wheuton. Mrs. Alexander Tounp.
OAKLAND, Jr.n. 16.— The attention o* Oa!c.
land Mvicty people was divlii^.l »jy thrt*' hfil
iiar.t .«r.alrr. to-day- many Rr.'nK to all 'A th-:m.
Mrs. l.'avid 1J. Jtae at tbe Metropi.le ani Mrs.
Murray Johnson shored the honors of the d.iy
in thfs city, whiio nn unusually large con
tingent weat from' here to .Mr.«. JJc-'ririKV Kt
home in Frani-isi-o. FeUIom hav« to many
besuliiulij dressed wuisen been sesn on the
streets pC Oakland, a j>«-rfect rtrwm of\prl
vnte caftiacts, anu «-nipes j-ar-Miix along tiiv
main thoioUKh.'arr-., fnun»2 o ctotk until rumo*:
dark. ,
EVENTS IN ;-OClETY
The Judge had had his patience sore
ly tried by lawyers who wished to talk
and by men who tried to evade Jury
service. Between hypothetical ques
tions and excuses It seemed as if they
never would get to the actual trial of
the case. So when the puzzled little
German who had been accepted by both
sides jumped up, tho Judge was exas
perated.
*"rin,udge!" cried the German.
""What Is it'."* demanded the Judge.
*"l tink I like to go home to my vife,"
?aid the German.
"You can't," retorted the Judge. "Sit
dov.n!"
s "But. Sliudge," persisted the German.
"I don't tink I make a good shuror."
. "You're the btst in the box." said
the Judge. ~Elt down."
"What box?" asked the German.
'The Jury box," said the Judge.
"Oh, I tqnyht it vaa a bad box that
peoples gfcts in somedimes."
"No." said the Judge, "the bad box
Is the r>vl3>~.ner's box."
"Ti'zt. .h-j.ijre," persisted the little
Garrn:::;. "1 tiort't speak goot English."
"You won't have to apeak any at
all," said th J".d?e. "Sit down."
Th<.' little- C-rrman pointed at th?
lnv.yers to mako hi-i last deanerat?
p!ea. « f
'•.Shru^re." I:? *nJ6. "I can't mak"
nodJngs «>ut of v. brit tbop.^ fellers say."
It Yia*" tbf> Judsre's chance to g^t
even far ninny annoyances.
"Xrlthcr can any on? else," he said.
"Sit down."
With r. rich tht! little German sat
down. — SrOoJt iyrs R.ijcle.
The Jmlffc and tlic Lawyers.
With a prandraother who Is reputed
to be worth $500,000. John Kldd. a 12
year-old boy, was griven into the charge
cf a. Berkeley benevolent association
to-day by Superior Judge S. P. Hall.
It was shown that the lad had been
beaten by his father and ran away
from home. The boy has been sleeping
on lawns and in the basements of
houses. Mrs. Margaret Sherlock took
charge of the youth without protesta
tions from tho parents.
William Kidd, the father, married the
daughter of r.lra. Nora Bentley, a
wealthy Berkeley widow, who recently
gained notoriety by going to Jail rather
than pay a fine Imposed for the non
observance c* a sanitary regulation.
There are three children, of which
John Is the eldest. The mother testi
fied she was unable to protect the boy
from his father and was not surprised
that the child ran away.
Oakland Oflice San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, Jan. 18.
[ Sgofford Is construction agent for the
: Southern Pacific Company, and was
I chcrsod by the irate husband with hav
ing toured the country with Mrs. Lit
trell and parsing- her off as hia wife.
Littrell stated that he was employed
by Spoffcrd. who s*nt him oft to distant
places in order that he might have op
portunity to fcnjcv Mrs. LlttreH.'s com
pany. Returning unexpectedly to hl«
"home here, while supposed to be in
Colorado, Littrell located his wife with
Spcfffjrd in a flat at 413 Turk street, in
S»n Francisco, and the expose and
filing of the suits followed.
I. IE. Uttrell, who a short time ago
made startling charges In a sensational
divorce acfion brought by him. in'which
he named W. E. SpofTord as hia wife's
paramour, and also began a suit
against Spofford for J10.000 damages for
alienating his wife's affections, dls
ntisstA both hi.^ pulls to-day, and evi
dently an amicable adjustment of their
difficulties has been arrived at.
Oakland OfBce San Francisco Call.
111$ Broadway, Jan. 16.
Accuses Wife and Employer
of Touring • Country Dur
ing 1 His Absence on Business
A bofd highway robbery has been
reported to tno police by George
Owens of 263 Third street, who was
held up at the point of .i pistol by two
young: men about 7 o'clock Ust nisht
¦yvhilc hp was ualoading a wagon at
the Wood Fiber Works in' Wesc Oak
land/ Ov.anH was robbed of a sold
waich end SO S(^ j n moasy.
O\.;ns irf jv driver for Frank Molt,
n h;trdv.'.-u-e 'merchant fit Eighth and
isroadway, and was deliycrfng a bill of
gOods vvlieti.he v.-ns approach^!] by two
men. who ' nsit-d' him If h« could
(thaiiKe a 510 »;ifcce. He Kaid "No."
c'.iii1'i74'iKtcili :teiy ;\ pistod was pointed
:.t hi» litvid and ho was ordered to
throw uj; his liandifi
Oho of th"? rncn searched his pock
cin and too): his money and v,*atch and
'hen hoih mitle th»ir cscnpo- under
(¦over of flarlcnos.'-:.
Oakland Office Sin Francisco Call,
Ills Broadway, Jan. 16.
Two Men Order Him to
Throw Up His Hands and
Then Itifie His Pockets
. -? — . — - .
POINT PISTOLS AT HIM
* —
George Owens Is Victim of
a Bold Highway, Robbery
Committed in West Oakland
Miss Florinne Jouillerat a Victim of Suave
-Highwayman Who Apologizes for the
Fate That Necessitates His Vocation
in; at the First Congressional
Church. At the. first three »?rrnor.s
of the series thelchoir of tlv> chur:h
v.ill render compositions of three we'.l
kno'wri local composers. John W. Met
calf o* Oakland. Wallace A. Sabin of
ii-^n Francisco and Dr. II. J. Stewart
of San Francisco. To-morrow even
ins the following compositions of
John W. Metculf will ho. given:
"I Will Ltn I"? Mine- Eyes" (for
bass solo, quartet and chorus).
"When the Lord Turned Agdln the
Cnpiivi.y <if Zion" (.for Fonrano anil
a!to pdIo? and quartet).
"Crossing the Ivar" (text by Tenny
son, for contralto solo).
I^fr^nile (for violin fcolo and or
?an); Berceuse. F&ffce in G minor
and Pastorale, for orgrat) solo.
CHORUS OF SIXTV.
The mu?ic will *>e ren<1ered%>y a
chorus choir of sixty voices.
To-morrow evening the Rev. H. J.
Y<* burgh will commence a 3eries of
eenuoaj on "youth, the 3:>ring;time of
Life." The subject of the first is
"The Achievement of Yojth."- The
remainder of th«? series will be given
hi the following order: January 24.
"The Problems of Youth"; January
31. "Th« Dangers of Youth"; Febru
r.ry 7. "Tho Questionings of Youth";
February 14. "The Limitations of
Y'^Jth": Befamary 21. "The Opportu
nities of Youth." The services will
be hfii! In Masonic Hall.
The Rev. Thomas Walkley, pastor
OS St. Paul's Episcopal Church, will
P.ddress th* children of the Episcopal
Sunday-schools of Alaraeda County at
K missionary rally, which will be held
to-morrow afternoon at St. John's
Episcopal Church on Eighth and
«";ove streets. SDecial music will be
rendered by the combined choir? of
the sprfral Episcopal churches of
tli is city.
FOLKS AT HOME.
Th* Rev. Mork Guy Pease, who ar
rived from British- Columbia to-day,
-Ail! crtfach to-morrow "morning: at the
First M. E. Church, and on Friday
eventnc hp will lecture at the Young
M^n's Christian Association on the
'oDic. "Pome Old Folks at Home."
Th* Kev. Mark Pease was the aasoci
nta xni successor of Hujfh Price
llugrhes in tJie great forward move
mont in Knsrland. and is one of the
most celebrated Methodist clergymen
of the present day.
Special services are being conducted
;n the Centennial Presbyterian Church
on Twenty-fourth avenue under the
direction of the Rev. Tillman Hobson.
a member of the Presbyterian evan
gelistic committee. The services will
continue until the end of the month.
ture a riui-«.i>l t ;rosrraiiimt; will be
ren£er»"l 1 y th-i V. M. C. A. orchestra
and male «;u*rtette. d'unnK which
Charles nildoity. nrst tenor of the
bu Francis de Exiles choir, will sins.
Tii-s Vouna Men's Christian Associ
ation will observe the twenty-fifth an
nivsrsiry ol «nt organisation with a
j-')!f<.'<e c*!»t>rat;on. which wlil cum
pieacC ESaturdny evrninjr, January 30,
tna continue until Tuesday evening,
February 2.
"3 3is Kev. Charles It. Brown will
commence a series of ten Sunday
?".•enitip s-jrmons on the tonic, "An
Ancient L^il-or Movement; a. {Study in
the Book of Exodus," to-morrow even-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
11 IK liroadway. Jan. 16.
The liev. Thomas McJiweeney. pas
tor c: St. Francis tie Sales Onurch.
vljl address tb^ men's meeting: at the
T. M. C A. auditorium to-morrow af
tefnocn «t 2:i>o on the subject of
r*Uood Ciiiaeashii>.** Be'ore tne lec-
•\\ri Ancient Labor Movement"
Will Be Subject of Sermons
bv the Kev. Charles K. Brown
REV. LU5ASK TO FBEAGH
The Rev. Father McSweeney to
Address Jtteiaticrfi of Young
Men's Christian Association
CITIZENSHIP
TO BE THEME
Court Ii Lenient With Mrs.
Annio McKichJiie, Who As
v saultcd Mrs. Elizabeth Triest
» i —
Woman Who Believes Her
Husband's Love Was Stolen
From Her Becomes Desperate
SHE ATTACKS HER RIVAI.
ADMITS INTENT
WAS NO MURDER
Police Jud&e Smith stated that
there was nothing for him to do in
the face of her admission but to find
her guilty as charged. At the same
time, he saivl. he would suspend sen
tence for one month and if no other
complaint was made against her in
the meantime the matter would be
dropped.
"This woman separated me from
my family. .She is the c^iuse of the
reparation between myself and my
hustand and children. She wrote let
ters to my husband. If she had not
Eot away from me I would have
killed her."
Mr*. Ati&iji McKechnie. who be
lieves that the love of her husband
was stolon from her by Mrs. Elizabeth
Triest, uttered her detl iti the presence
of the to aft to-day and declared that
if she had b«>en able she wouM have
killed the woman who came between
her and her husband. Mrs. McKech
nie was arrested on the complaint of
Mrs. Trlest, who was furiously attack
ed on the street by the defendant.
When asked what she had to say
in defense of the charge against her.
Mrs. McKcchnie said:
Oakland Qfflc? San Francisco Call,
1118 Croud way, Jan. 16.
CHILD OUTCAST
WILL BE HEIR
LOSES MONEY
AND A WATCH
THIEF PLIES TRADE WITH
CHESTERFIELDIAN GRACE
Beaten by Father He Be
comes a Waif on the Streets
and an Object of Charity
IRATE HUSBAND
STAR ACTION
Suits Bcgim A39fi.fi Mnttic E.;
Littrell arid \V. E. Styofford!
Arc Dismissed • by riaintiif
MAKES SEKIOUS CHARGES
John Kitld, in Line for Lar£i»
Inheritance, Is Given Into
Charge of Charitable Society
GKAXMIOTHEK IS WEALTHY
NEWS OF THE COUNT Y OF ALAMEDA
THE ' SAN FRANCISCO ' GALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY IT. 100'
38
ST. LOUIS
WORLD'S FAIR VIKWS
IX HEAtTIFUIi COLORS
The Ofliclal Views of the
IxmMana Ptntiiaae i:\;K»sijion
to he Isrld nt St. [xmis \iUl. be
t.%»i:cd «s i«n|»rIt*Jncnts Tlje
K:;ntla>- Val! beginning with tlje
i.^re of Sjintiiy. January aisu
Asrvtii ait'l nrw^lcalcrs will t!c»
v.i U lo onlcr Cciiis-, ns there will
!;o i»'srest,deaiantl for the*c
i:tnr.t!fi:l tlcnvs.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AVOID DANGEROUS
OR
UNCERTAIN TREATMENT
DR. HOLSMAN
The Master Specialist for More
Than 17 Years
The Mhst Succsssfal anJ Reliable Spt-
ciaUst /n. the V/est. Consultation
* free at Office cr b? Mail.
I MAKE NO ' MISLEADING STATE-
MENTS or deceptive praiMjfitions to the
afflicted, neither <1o I pymfc* to curp
them IN A FEW DAYS in orJjr to «ecure
their petroRafti*; but I gunrantw a COM-
I'l^ETE BAVja AND LAST1NO CURR (n
th« Ot.'ICKEST FOS8TBI.E TIME without
leaving Injurious nft«-r et?ect» In th« »y»-
tpr.i nn<V ot tli* lowrjt cost ;ns»ihif for
HONEST, SKUX.WVU and SKCCESSFXI.
TRKATilENT. 1 car*
NERVOUS DEBILITY
BLOOD POISON
VARICOCELE
STRICTURE
RECTAL; KIDNEY Disease
&nd all re£ex esmpllcatlona asi asso-
ciate Ais&e.sei r.iil affzetio-a. -
If you. -crannot call. writ«» Tor ques-
tion list tir.d iree book tlescribln* my
specialty. Correspondence confiden-
tial.
C. K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
730 MA3JTCT BT. CTop Ttoex).
Hours — 3 to S daily; 9 to 12 Sundays.
j§: DO you ', j
WANT S05IETHING? j
: In the Want Ad. Columns To- *:
:¦ Day -you will find inquiry about: <
:.. Male Help Wanted. . .; $
:'¦ Slttaitloaa Wftnte*.- J
; Female Help Wanted. <
' * Agfent» Wanted, c
],:¦ ; : , Mcn«y ; Wanted. \
; . • Money to Loan. "I
: Tornltmre lor Bale.-
;; . Honsek«epiagr Boomi to tet. \
p Purnialicd St'ooms to £et. <
: PumiBhed.Becnxi for Sale. \
Parnlahofl ' Houses for Bent. <C
rnzslshed Hou««» for Sale. , .<
: Beal Estate, Etc,, Etc., Etc •'.%• y
Call Readers will nnd something /
of. Interest in the Want Ad. Col- \
iimn«." ' : ' ¦ ¦ ' "' ; ¦ %
¦-These little Ad«. will not only '(,
.' prove of Interest to thnuse out- of >
"work, but to those desiring to im- J
prove their positions as well. - fSession 9 to 11:30 a, ra. '
' J Open. High. Low. Close.
May $133 $1 3!>% $1 8» $1 39
BARLEY— The paaelng off cf . the expected
California Club. $1 SS^Ol 42U; California
White Australian. $1 45ffll 50; Northern Club.
$1 3S%©1 41»i: Northern Bluestem, $1 47U
Gl 50; Ortgpn Valley. *1 40. - . --
- FUTURES.
CASH WHEAT
WHEAT— Them was very little news from
the East or abroad. Chicago was ltfc higher
with New York and tho Northwest buying in
large quantities.
In this market cash grain was freely offered,
but ths demand was nothing extra. Prices re
mained unchanged. Futures were higher, ow
ing to tho stronger Chicago market and the
disappointment over the predicted rain.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — g $4 t>3U
Sterling Exchange, sight. — 4 j,tiL
Sterling Exchange, cables _ 4 S7H
New York ' Exchange, sight .... iju
New York Exchange, telegraphic. viC,
Silver, per ounce' 59
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 © 46
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL' MARKETS.
Trad.; In the Citrus fruit market was ti little I
more active than- usual during ths early morn- •
ing hours yesterday, as retailers were buying I
for two days' requirements, but supplies of all !
descriptions were ample and the extra trading
was not of sufficient volume to warrant any
advance in prices. In fact market conditions
•till favored buyer*, and some dealers were
cutting prices in order to effect sales. Eight i
or ten 'cars of Oranires will h? auctioned to-;
mcrrow. The continued cool weather was not i
conducive to trade In Bananas and Pineapples, \
and. thosa descriptions ruled weak at previous I
rates. One and one-half chests of Longworth
Strawberries came in from San Mateo County
and. being of good size and quality, met with
ready sale at 60® Kk: :>er drawer. "
-All ¦ dealers reoort«d <• steady movement in
Apples and prices were higher all around. The '
fancy and medium cradf s had the . most call {•
and were steadily cleaning up. whUe common •
offerings were still abundant and inclined to !
drag. *• !
APPLES— *1 25@1 75 for fancy, 75cfi$l for !
choice and SSffJCflc for common.,, .. 1
: PEARS— Winter Nellis from C Qld storage
51 r>0<S2 per box. • -.-•.- . . j
CITRUS ' FRUITS^Navel Oranges, $1 60® .
$2 per box for fancy,' $1©1 00 for choice and i
tiOcvIl for standards;. Seedlings. 50c@$l;
Tangerines. BOc^Jl per box; Japanese Man- !
darlns, 75c©$l for half boxes; Lemons. 81 73
<b 2 50 for fancy. $1 25(31 SO for choice and
75c<g$t for Btandard : Grape Fruit. $1©2;: Mex
ican Limes. $4®4 50: Bananas. $1®2 per bunch
for Hawaiian and $2©2 50 for Central Amer
ican; Pineapples. $1 50*32 50. per dozen. -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruit*.
The Pacific Stock "• Exchange has elected the
old officers, with I. Herzberg as president for
the fourth consecutive year; Stephen Otis, vice
president; Fred Frankenthal. secretary;. Max
Goldman, treasurer, and J. Ha Bourn., chair
man. The executive committee is composed of
S. Wollberc, George C. Snelder and 'Simon
KuUman. : • - -> ,
The regular annual meeting of the stockhold
ers of the Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company has
bren- called for January 20.-.' .- • . -.
.-The Paciflc Coast Company has declared reg
ular quarterly dividends of IH per cent on the
- The Mechanics' Savings Bank ha* been or
ganized with a capital of $25U.U00 and the fol
lowing directors: Henry T. Hcott, George F.
Lyon Of Lyon & Hoag, George D. Gray. George
W.' Kline, F. M. Greenwood. Charles C. Moore.
W. F. \Vllllamson, George M. Mitchell, F. W.
Donrmann Jr., Marshall Hale and J. O'B.
Gunn. It Is reported that J. O'B. Gunn will bo
president, ' George F. Lyon vice president and
Fred H. Clark cashier. The institution will
open shortly at 503 California street, but later
will occupy permantnt quarters on the south
west corner of Bush and Montgomery streets.
Business on the Stock and Bond Exchange
was very brisk" for Saturday, but fluctuations
were Vfwi Giant 1'owdir and Gas and Electric
Were somewhat weaker, j There were sales of
Bank ot California at $443 60 and of German
Bavinga and Loan at J22C0. Among the un
listed fecurtttes Eastern Dynamite sold at {20S,
with 20 shares going.
The oil stocks continued . very dull and ths
mining stocks . closed the week more quietly
than they opened it.
- Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 20,700 shares, valued at $3U21. the leading
sales 'being as follows: Associated Oil, 4700
shares; Home, 2075; Lion, 300U; Monarch, 1050:
Oil City. 1000; Sovereign. 2150;' Superior. 6000;
Nevada County, 500. . ¦' -
STOCK MARKET.
TACOMA, Jan. 16.— WHEAT— Steady and
unchanged; blueGtem, 70c; club, T5c.
OREGON. •
PORTLAND. Jan. 16.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 72®73c; bluestem, 70^S0c; valley. 78
@S0c. " .
" WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE, Jan. 18. — Clearings, $009,536:
balances. fl41.Hl.
TACOMA. Jan. 16.— Clearings, $260,740; bal
ances. «4 1,40.8.
PORTLAND. Jan. 16.— Clearlnts, $403,386;
balances. *«.">, 2 s fi. i
SPOKANE. Jan. 16.— Clearings,' $108,481;
balances, J40.7S7.
Northern Business.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 18. — Wool, nominal. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 17® 21c;
light fine, 15@17>tc; heavy fine, 12©14Hc;
tub washed. 20331c.
St. Louis. Wool Market.
1 NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts
I i.i.r.00 barrels : # export*. 13.4C0 barrels; sales'
COAO packages; market wa« quiet, but steady
wtr.ter r-atents. $4 2.',«4 50; winter strnlRhta!
$4 1034 25; M'nne«otat patents, $4 6(Vg4 00;
M'!nter extras. ?rt 2t?S3 45; Minnesota bakers'
$3 8O«?-4; winter low grades. $.'i#3 25.
WHEAT— Reeelptt, 50C0 bushels; salec 2 -
300,000 bushels futures ; epot. firm; No 2 'red
J)5c elevator; No. 2 red. OSVJe f. o. b afloat-
No. 1 NortnVrn Duluth. 90^ c f. o. b. afloat'
No. 1 hard Manitoba, nomlnnl. f. o. b. afloat'
Optlt;n3 were fairly active and strong to-day*
vith prices only "4c under the season's record
influenced by war news and covering by room
shorts. Later the market exceeded the sea«
soa'd hfgh record and closed firm at \J*;Uc
ret adi-anre. Sales Included No. 2 red Mav
uO IJV-lCfifll%c, close.1 at Ol^c; July' 87 1-1Q1Z
87% c, closed at R7i4c.
liOPS— Firm: Stat^. common to choice 19O.1
crvp, 2SQ:«7c: lf»C2. 23ff27c: olds. 10®l5c; Pa
ciflc Coast. 1003 crop. 2ft©34c; 1902 crop 2S&
27c: cldr 10015c
HIDES— Firm; Galventon. 20 to 25 pounds.
ISc: California, 21 to 23 pounds, 19c; Tex:if,
<Ir> r . 24 to 30 nounds, 14c.
WOOL. — Firm: domestic fleece, 28©32c
PETROLEUM— Stendy.
SUGAR — Raw. nominal; fair refining, 2Tic:
centrifugal. 98 te»t, 2T4c: molasses sugar. 2?ie.
Refined dull; No. B, 4.05c; "No. 7. 4c; No 8,
3.fl5c: No. ft. 3.J>0c; No. 10. 3.85c; No. 11.
3>6c; No. 12. 8.75c; No. 13. 3.70c; No. 14,
.1.C.V; confectioners' A. 4.30c; mold A, 4.70c;
cut loaf, 5.05c; cru*h«d, 5.05c; powdered,
i.fctc: ffranulated. 4.45c; cubes. 4.70e.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 Invoice,
7 15-lOc; mild, eteady; Cordova. S^^lS^c.
Futures closed steady at an advance of 6JH0
pcinj*: nales. 60,000 bags. Including March,
7.3TiQ7.40c; May. 7.6o@7.75c; Jul>. 7.0303c;
Scrtember. 8.15ff8.25c: December. S-50c.
i DRIED FRUITS. .
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market U
Quiet end appears to be a shade easier In
tone. Common are quoted at 4p5c: ni-IJne,
SVttiSUc: choice, 6>45J6c; fancy, 6H®7c. v-'-. ;
TRUNES — Are without special change from
condition* recently reported. Quotation range
frcm 3>4c to Cfcc. according to rrade.
APRICOTS — Rule steady; choice, OliffD'^c;
extra, choice, OJi®10«4c; fancy, 11015c.
Nkv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— The statement of
averages of Clearing-house banks of this city
far the week shown: Loans. fn.14..-!nr>,fOO- In^.
crea»e. fl«.4ns.40O. Deposits, M41.2rKS.C00-' in
crease, $3ri,555,300. CIr<TiIatlon. S43 777 000
decrease, $!)20.W)0. Le M I tenders. $70>in'soo :
Increase *2.10fl.»f00. Specie. *tsi.f;70 joo-' in
crease. Tl5.277.200. Reserve. *25.S.4»s'ocO : ln-
»»".3«.<5OO R^erve renulred. J n.V- 2
31..150: Increase. *S.R<!<J.S25. Surplus. $23.1fil -
75r>; InciW! $£404,775. ex-T7n!ted States
deposits, $32,403.C25; increase. $8,541 425
Associated Banks' Statement.
1100 Alpha 12 f 4«O Mexican 1 90
60O Andes • 41 50 Mexican 1 85
2l)O Andes « 100 Ophir 5 «O
10ft Belcrer* « (XO Ophir ..4 S5
400 Belcher « 100 Ophlr 4 80
1C0 Best *: Belch. 2 10 lf>0 Potrsl 2T
500 Caledonia ...1 COf 300 Savage 60'
100 Challenge Con 3»| 100 Savage «2
10O Challenge Con "V 300 Sierra Nev .. 73
200 Chollar 2»i 100 Silver Hill .. 70
500 Chollar ' 2S| 4C0 Stiver Hill .. 71
3OO Con C * Va.l 75' 100 Union Con .. 97
200 Con NT C8- 200 Union Con .. 8fl
200 Gould & Cur. v 41 1 4C0 Utah 21
600 Gould & Cur. 42 GOO Utah 20
300 Mexican . 1 05 ! 100 Yellow Jacket 60
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paciflc
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Ande« '*3 10O Mexican ...2 12%
200 Andes 42 100 Ophlr 5 25
ICO Flelcher i ** 100 Ophlr 5 MV,
50 Best A Belch. 2 00 200 Ophlr 5 CO
700 Caledonia ...1 C5 "SCO Overman .... 31
200 Chollar 88 100 Savage ««
4110 Chollar SO 200 Seg Belcher.. 15
2<if> Chollur 29 100 Sierra Nev .. 7tt
400 Con C * Va.l S3 100 Sierra Nev .. 75
200 Con C A Va.l M> 100 Sierra Nev .. 80
400 Con C & Va.l 00| 200 Sierra Nev .. $2
100 Con C & Va.l 03 400 Sierra Nev .. S3
100 Con C & V.I 82% ion sterra Nev .. J»4
BOO Con Imperial, f.1 10O Sierra Nev .. 8H
500 Con Imperial. 04 100 Sierra NfV .. 73
1fn> Kentuck C5 BOO Union <%i .. OH
500 Mexican 2 <5 400 Union Con ..1 OS
200 Mexican 2 00 100 Union Con ..1 10
100 Mexican ...2 02H MX) Utah 22
200 Mexican ...1 02U 100 Yellow Jacket 50
200 Mexican 2 OR 100 Yellow Jack»t R2
ano Mexican 2 15 100 Yellow Jacket 53
100 Mexican . 2 10 •
. TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the aales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Evelyn ..."... 23 100 Ton Belmont. C3
IOOO MacNamara . 10 60Q Ton Midway. 4:J
SCO Mont Ton ..12-1 100 Ton Midway. 41
200 Rescue 07 500 Ton Midway. 40
20O Ton Belmont. 65; 100 Ton N Star.. :tl
10O Ton Belmant. milCOO Ton N Star.. 34
4JDQ Ton Belmont. 07 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. . SATURDAY.'Jan. 16—13 m. -
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 11 13 Justice IB IT
Alta 17 10 Kentuck 04 05
Ande* '. 42 43 Kev# s Graes . —175
Belcher 44 -16 Lady Waah. . — 10
Best & Belch. 2 10 2 25 Mexican 2 15 2 20
Bullion CS 10 Occidental .'.. 73 ' f$
Following were the sales on the Son Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
New York Cotton Market.
%
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— Th? cotton market
cloned within a point or so of last night's
final ,.firures.
Everybody now. wants to csll Eggs. Stcra !
were offered yesterday down to 22c and cold
storage down to ISc. Ranch declined 2%c. Re
ceipts are large and increasing, and stocks are
rapidly accumulating. Huyers are ehy and do
not touch the market except to buy what they
want for the day. knowing that the goods will
be lower on the following, day.
Receipts were 24,800 lbs liutter. 075 cases '
Eggi and 3300 lbs Cheese. . ' f
BUTTER— Creamery. 29c and in a small way
30c fpr extras and 25<227 I / J c for seconds; dairy, '
18fr20c; store Butter, nominal: cold storage, \
18022;; per lb for ordinary and 22^0240 f or j
extras.
CHEESE — lie for the general market. 11 %&
12c for select mild new and 10<S10^c for lower ¦
grades; Young America*, 12Higl3c; Eastern, I
lqeiflc: Western. 14©15c per Ib. . j
EGGS— Ranch. 2U!fj27>6c for choice to fancy
and 25c for small and mixed colors; store. 22® i
23c: cold storage. 18«r»10c. . - J
Butter rule? firm, with llsht stocks and a
good demand, with some of the smaller houses
quoting 30c tat 1 the finest creameries.' The large
houses do not n.uote over 2;>c. Th» Ea«t con
tinues to u'end many telegrams here offering to
ship any quantity.
Cheese is breaking badly, and I the I whole
market seems to be giving way. Stocks ars
altogether too heavy, and tha demand is very
slow.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
<120th Meridian— Paeinc Time.)
SAX FRANXISCO. Jan. 16. 5 p.m.
Th«. ¦fo'.i'-wir.K are the seasonal rainfalls to
<at» as eotr-rared with thooe of name date last
•eacon and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Se&ron. Season.
Rurrka , O.3« 23.10 22.15
Tied Bluff O.1O 12 PI 13.81
Facrtraeirto 0.O4 4.8S 6.71
Pan Francifco 0.C9 C.31 0.15
Fresno 0.00 0.&2 3.21
Independence 0.00 0.42 0.S.I
fian Luis Obi Fpo 0.C«i 0.P2 5.<0
Ix)s Angele? O.00 0.43 4.97
S«n Virgo O.QO O.«f) 6.C9
THE COAST RECORD.
= 222- 5
5 t-i ?£ a| I
I 3f 33 t~- II £
STATIONS. ?A3 5=£3? £
i 1 f I ' : : S
; "Z H ' '.
Bak-r t9.M i» "S PE Cloudy -CO
Carson 30.O0 54 R8 BW Clear T.
Eureka ...20.00 54 50 S Cloudy -38
Tarallon 30.04 57 . . S Pt.Cldy .00
Fr«-sSo 3<Mm «0 3« W Clear .00
Flarstsff 30.10 ZZ 1R W Clear .00
I'c-atello S«».<12 4<J Z2 K Clear .CO
lnd«=rK>n<Jenr» :M>.0O TAi TA FE Cloudy -OO
I/» Angrier. .:*<». <H «"r4 5« W Cloudy .00
Mi Tamalpals.SM.0.1 45 .. PR Foygy .13
North Head. . .2!».««'» 43 .. SE Hain .S3
I'hoenlx r»0.O2 74 40 SE Clear .CO
Point Reyes.. 2). M T><\ .. S Pt.Cldy .5j.'
Portlanl .. ..2!>.70 4S 44 PE Rain .CR
P.fd Bloff 3ft. 00 56 40 t=E Pt.Cldy .10
Bowbor* ....2T».74 52 4« ? Cloudy .04
Sa'-ramrnto . .:u>.rt4 «K) 4<> KE Clear .04
Halt Lake ."SW.OK 44 4S P\V Clear .CO
San Fran'-isco.S'MiK Att 4C \V I't.Cldy .<^»
S U. Obtspo. .3O.«i« »2 ** X Cloudy .«!O
Sar. Diepo 3<».O4 «O B2 NW Clear .CO
Seattle 29.72 4S 40 SE Rain _ .53
Frr.Wane 23. S4 40 32 S Clear .10
Tatoosh ».64 i4*i 40 FE Rain .86
Walla Walla.. 2». SO to ?& E Pt.Cidy .(0
Winr.err.ucca .2K.P2 T.0 2K S\V Clear .CO
Yuma 30.00 76 44 E Pear .CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
' FORECAST.
An extensive depreseion overlies the North
Pacific coast. Rain is falling at many points
in Wa.chingt.on and Oreeon and conditions are
favorable fnr wire rain on Sunday over the
greater portion of the Pacific Coast.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatoosh Island. 78 miles per hour
from the foutfcwprt; North Head. 42 aouth
wcrt; Spokane. 30 south: Haker City. :;C
southwest, and Wlnnemucca. 2S eouthvrest.
The ternporature' has risen 12 degTees or
rccre in the fiacramento Valley.
Forecast made at Sap. Francisco for thirty
hours endlne midnight. Januao* 17:
Northern California — Showers Sunday; brisk
southerly wind*; possibly high on the coast at
nisht.
Southern California — Cloudy Sunday, possibly
rain by night; light northeast winds, changing
to southerly. . .
Nevada — Cloufly Sunday; continued warm.
Pan Francieco and vicinity — Showers Sun
day; fresh southerly wind.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
S r C7v York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 1«.— Call loans. 2ff2% per
eect.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks Sales. tUch! Low. Close.
Atchison L900 C7 GC^i m'i
Atchison pfd 200 WK 88% W>a
Baltimore & Ohio.. 600 79Vi 79»i 79»i
Bait & Ohio tld 90
Cena«ian Pacific. . 200 117% 117 117
Central of N J 159
Che» & Ohio 300 3ZU, 33*£ 33
Chicago * Alton..; 2.600 3«>i 34^ S«
Chgo & Alton cfd.. 700 8SV$ S3 KS
Chgo A G Western »00 16^i »6«/4 16^4
C A Q W. B Dfd 29
Chgro * Norwftrn.. 300 166 165 165
Chtro Term A Trn.. 200 12V* 12 12
ChwTtTpfd... 100 M 26 25«4
C C C A fit Louis. 200 77 77 77
Colo Southern 17*i
Colo 80 1st pfd K»>S
Colo So 2d pfd.... 200 25?; 25% 25^
Del & Hudson 100 l«Hi J«*'.i 163
Del. Lack & VT.... 700 274ft 274 272
D*nver A Rio Gr 20t$
Denver ft R O pfd ?»»!
Eri» 3.C0O 27"J. 27H 27>Z I
Erte l«t p*a S00 67 Wl «6T,
Erie 2d pfd SCO 47Vi 47(1 47
Oreat Ncr pf<J ISO
Hockinc ValitT 7*
Hockjng VaJ pfd 83«J
HHnct« Central 400 1S0H 180% 130%
lew* Central 100 22H 22»i 22
Iowa Central pfd 40'*
Kansas City §0 400 13Tfc lfl% 1U% <
K-.rs City So pfd.. BOO 37H 37 37 V*
I^outsrl & Naehvl.. 100 107>* 107% 107&,
Manhattan F,!cv... 000 litii 142'i 142^;
Metropoltn St Ry.. l.tX) 121 121 120'i
Minn & S*. Louis.. 100 fi5*i ia«i e»
MiMouri PtdfJc... 1.30ft 02% Ul% Vl%
Mo. Kans & Tex... 300 1794 1T*I 17«,i
K?. Kar.f & T pffl S9V6
N«t P. I< Mex I>fd 4S-T,
N T Ortral 1.200 1I»H 119»4 119
Norfolk * Wcttn.. 100 57 ik 57',, 67 %
Nor 4 Wertn r>fd fc3
Ncrth»rn Seeurltiee 89T<,
Ontario & Wtttrrn. 200 21 W 21% 21 <K
Pernsvlv^nla S.500 1WH 113^1 110>4
P C C 4 St Louis C3
R^artlr^ <M0 44% 44V4 44U
neadinn lat pfd 78%
nc«il!inr 2d pfd .V» *
Rock Island Co 3.7O0 22% 22% 22«-4
Rock Islnd Co ofd. 1<K) 59 TO LS%
Ft L & S F Jet pfd .4 CO
St L & « F 2d pfd '. 41
m I^ouU Soweitn.. 100 14 14 U
fit J. Sovrcsrtrn pfd. TOO 3.1%- 33^, 3.':T*
£ Paul 2.400 1« 142% 142*i
n. raui ufd : I7a«i
Paciflc... 2,500 4S% 48H • - -»S3»
Southern Railway. 2,300 2O'I 20% 20%
Pouthern Ry pfd... 100 7SU 7S>* 7H
Tes«» H Paelflc 25
Tel. W L & We«t. ' 100 2C«i 2fl% 20%
T.»I. «t L A W pfd :... 18»4
trnlor. Piclfl= 2.&00 7S¥4 7814 7*%
T'nion TacSfic X3fd KS
Wabarh 400 20% 20U 20W
M"atjo»«i r«l ... 500 SS'A 3S .'»'/»
Wh«vl A- L F.rie 17«i
WKcor.Fin C^ntraJ.. 1.700 20\i 19% SO
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 1.C00 « 44 V4 4J«»
Hxpre*! Companies —
Adam* .... 220
American ; 180'
I'nlted States 10.1
WV-*>ls Farito 205
M inct 1 U rcai —
AMI <v,pper 13.3M 5054 50 tt)*i
fXtner Car * Found. 100 lS',s 1SU 38U
Air.cr Car A F pfd 67'i
Amer Lin Oil .... flv
Amer Lin Oil pfd.. . £8
Araer locomotive . 100 17U 17U 17
Atner I^oco pfd f. .... 7554
NEW YORK, Jan. lfi. — There was no large
business reported in any of the metal markets
to-day and prices, were as a rule steady at
yesterday's basis.
TIN— Spot. ?29 25<g20 37 >J; January deliv
ery, *2« 2.1^29 .17%.
COPPER— Dull. Lake. ?12 754?. 13; electro
lytic, ?12 H2yj.?m STVi: casting. $12 50«I12 75.
SPELTER— Spot and January, (4 05^5 05.
LEAD— Firm, at f4 C0«4 B0 for snot.
IRON — Quiet and nominally unchanged.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18. — Total imports' nt
dry goods and general merchandise at the
->ort of Ncrr York for the past week were
(11.360,651.
Imports of snecie were $3,073,401 gold and
;i7,£57 silver.
Exports of srecle from the port of New
York were ?l,247,fc6O silver and ?03.30O gold.
Exports and Imports.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. ?2 C0©.1 50 per doz-
Car.vasback. »;«i<t: SpriK, SI C«j<82; Teal
$1 25;. Widgeon. $1 25: small Ducko. 75cfi$l-
Gray Geese. f;i; White Geene. 7.')c3$l 23;
Brant. $1 25 lor *mall 4nd fi fo,^ large: Honk
ers, $» for large and $1 for small; English
Snipe. $3; common Snipe. $1 50; wild Doves.
$1 25;-Rabbits. S2 for Cottontails and SI 25 for
Brush; Hare. $1 2C@1 50. 1
POULTRY— Dr««sed Turkeys. 17Jf20c per lb:
Ln V^« T , Urk *' }s - 17 «» lac P" 'b: Gen«. per pair.
|2@2 25: Goslings. *2@2 -.'5: Ducks. $3@-i
per dozen for old and $u&7 for young: Hen*.
?«««7 lor lar^t and'$5^il for small; young
Roosters. $C I 57; old Rocattrs $r»jni: Fryers
$5«i«; Broiler*. ?4 tofto for large and *4@4 51)
for small; PlKcon*. $lfi\ 26 per dozen for old
and «2 25-82 P0 for Squab*.
Live Poultry closed the week firm with the
market entirely cleaned up, and dealers were
expecting a ntcady market on Monday, when
two cars of Wn»tern stock will.be marketed
Yesterday's receipts were very li R lu and prices
for all descriptions were largely nominal.
Dressed Turkeys were In light but ample sup
ply end met with a »lu 5g rtsh d?mand at the
previously quoted rates. About 10 cases were
received and there were several cases carried
over from the preceding day.
Game we« dull, and aside from a ulijht ad
vance In Mallard Ducks thsre was nothing
new to report. The birds are still comlne iti
very ptwr. owinc to the lack of moisture and
feed In the country.
Pcultrx and Game,
CHICAGO, Jan. 18.— CATTL"E— Receipts,
SCO: unchanged. Good to prime steers, $5 10ti
."> 75; poor to medium, ?3 509 4 75; ctockera
and feeders. $2®* 15: cows, $1 S0(&»;
hrireru. $204 KO; cnnn«-rs. $1 R0@2 40; bulls,
?1 73^4: calves, $3©C 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 23.000: Monday.
48,000; steady. Mixtd and butchers'. $4 75iff5:
rcchI to choice heavy, $1 OSSO 05; rough
htavy. $4 701i4 75: light, ?1 50^1 65; bull:
of sties, ?i 70ff4 0« r ».
SHEEP— Reoeipts". 2000; shesp and lambs
steady. Cood to choice wethers, ?1 25^4 50;
fair to choice mixed. $3®4: W-stern sheep,
?3 75ff?t 40: native lambs. $4 50?J6 15; West
ern lambs. $1 £5@6 15,
Eastern Livestock Marker.
he. ¦ ..
i COAL— Wellington, $8 4 >er ton;" New Wei
1 Huston. $S: Seattle. $0 SO; Bryant, in 60; Bea
ver Hill. J3 60: Standard. IT: Koslyn J7;
I Cccs Hay. *5 00; Greta. *7: Wallsend. $7: Kith.
; mqnd. ft f.O,. Cumberlaod. $i:j In bulk and
I (14 25 in sai-Ui; Penorylvania Anthracite Kgg
i $14; Welsh Anthracite Kpc. (13; Welsh Lump.
I *11 So: Ccnnel. $S 50 per ton: Coke. «ll 609
I l.'i per ten I11 bulk and $lo In sacks; Rocky
•' Mount 1 in description?. $11 45 per 20CO lbs and
$12 Si) per long tun. according to brand.
I OILS — Quotation* are for barrels; for cases.
adit tV. Linsn-d." 45c per (gallon for boiled and
4."lr for raw; Ca-tor Oil. tn cases. No. 1, 70c:
Bakers' AA. »l itMirl 12i Lucol, 44c for boiled
and 42c tor raw; China Nut. OOW'Uc per Kailun;
Cocoanut .Oil. In barrels. 0$e for Ceylon an«l IU«.
i for Australian; extra bleached winter Spsrm
: Oil. Hoc: natural winter Sperm Oil. 75e; •-xiru
bleachfd win'.er Whale OH. \Ac; natural Whale
! Oil, 00c: »-xtrn winter drained Lard OH. 83c;
! No. 1 Lard Oil.: 75c; pure N*atsfoot OH. 75c:
i No. 1 Ne*t«fo«t Oil. «0c: light Herrlnjc Oil. 45c.
.lark Herring Oil. 4^c: Salmon OH. 38c: boiled
1 Fish Oil. 4(Jc; raw Ftsh OH. ilSe: boiled Paint
i Oil. 3r.c: raw Paint Oil. 3:«c\
I COAL OIL — Wattr White Coal OH
i In bulk, 15c: Pearl Oil in ia.-.a. SIHc: Astral
I 2Htc: Star. 2M4c; Extra Star. 25Hc; Elaln*.
j 27MiC; p;oc»re, 2i%c; drolf-rlsed Stove Gaso-jne,
I In bulk. 17c; in cjus»s. tS%d Hsnslne. in bulk.
I l.'io; In canes. lW'.ic; 8C-d«jr*«:« Gasoline, tn
; bulk. 2Be; in cai<cs. 'He.
I TURPENTINE— Has again advanced to 88c
¦ per piilk.n in ceres and SSe In drums and iron
, barrels.
• PEIJ AND. WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «Vi«
i 7c uer lb: '"•'hltf Lead, GV4©7c. accordinc to
[ utinr.tity. . .
SUGAR— The We»t*rn Sugar Refinlnir Com
i j'tuiy quotes mb follows, per lb. In 100-Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and. Fine Cru»h»d, fi.69c:
Powd?rrd. 5.50c: Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 3.4irc: Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.40c; Fruit Qranulat'd. R.40c; Beet Granu
latcrt (100-lh bars only). S.SOe: Confectioners'
A. . r r.40c: Magnolia A. 5c: Extra C. 4.00c:
Golden C. 4.sr-c: "D." 4.70c: barrels. 10c. mor«;
: half barrel*. 'J"»c more; boxes. Me more: 50-lb
I haps. lCr more ror all kinds. Tablets— Half
ban-el*. S.ftOc: boxes. C.15f: H. & E. Crystal
Domlnr.s. 8.40c cer lb. No orden taken for
j less than sevonty-flv» barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
; FOR SATURDAY. JANUARY 16.
Flour, qr sks .. M.W* No. 6.7M
Wh^at. ctls . . • . 1.™ raHow. ctl» ... 212
Rarley ctla .... 3,6iK Hides. No 2»«
Corn ctls . 375 ?«Kar. ctls 1,050
Urans sks 4D2 Qjlcksllver flks 103
Potatoes, sks .. WO Leather, rolls .. 72
r Onions sks .... 10 Wine, rals 72.0C0
I Bran sks 1.158 Paper, reams... 12C
» MiddllnRS. «ks.. 1.KC5 Brandy, srals .. 1.P5O
1 Hay. tons 371 Lime, bbls .... 408
; Straw, tons .... 2 .
OREGON.
j Flour, qr sks .. 1.2C0 Onions aks ..'. - DOS
; Wheat, ctls .... 13.030 Bran, eks 8.t94
Oats ctls .1.000 MJddUnirs. sks.. 1.222
j Potatoes. Eks •• 4.172 Feed, sks 4C0
[' ' BAGS^-Grain Bags, r.'tfSUc; San Quentln.
j 5.6Cc; Wool Uags. 3-'Sa5c; Fleece Twine. 7ia®
General JSlcrchandise.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening: , « 4 T * « 4%
Closing 0 4% G 4%
PARIS.
Wheat — Jan. May- Aug.
Opening 21 35 21 40
doping 21 35 21 35
Flour—
Opening 20 5S 28 90
Cloring 20 70 28-00 (
Foreign Futures.
first 'and second preferred And common stocks,
! payable February 1. *
Stock and Bond Exchange.
SATURDAY. Jan. 15—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid Ask. Bid Ask.
4r nr coup..lOT% — 4a qr cp newl33>4134Vl
1 4s qr reg...lO7%10SU 3a qr coup.. 108 —
i MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. , • •
Ala-A W &s. — — O T Co 6S..118U —
! Bay CPC 6s.l01%102% Do 6a..... 100 —
I Cal C Q 5s. — 107 Do con 6s. 100% —
> Cal C & E % - Oceanic S 5s. — 75
! m & ct 5a. — 104 Om Cable tte.120 124
• Cal-«t 5a 114 — Pac G Im 4a. — 9H
i C C Wat 5s. — 10& P E Ry 6s..l04%103
. Ed L & P 68.120 — P A C H Cs.103% —
j F &. C H »s. — 117 P & O R 69.117 —
• Oeary-st 5s.. 45^ WO Powell-st 6s. 113^4 —
i H C&S 5US.104 — SE GAR 5s. — 100%
H C * S 5s. — 100 SF Sr. SJV5s. — 11SH
Hon R T 68.10C — Sierra R 6s. -r —
L A El#c 5a. — — S It of C 6a
L A Ry 53.114 — (1900) 105 105<-i
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) ....106 —
t>o «td 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 104% <19O5)Sr A.103% —
LAP lem 58.102 106 (W«;6)Sr B.IIHU —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll5%117 (U>00) ....1O3541C6
Do lcm 5s. — — <1012) lltf —
NRR of Ces.l05tflO5H SPC 1 eg 5a. — —
J>o 5s 117 — Do stmrd.lCSi; —
N\P C R Ca.104 106 S P B R «s.l33 —
N C R 5s.. — 112 S V W 6S..106H —
N C P C 5s. — 10W Do 4s 2dm. 9Oi,lCO
N S R R 5s. — 100% Do 4s 3dm. 88% —
O G L. H Bs.107% — Stkn G&E 6« — 102
O VT rtd 5s. 09*4 — U O & E 5s. — —
.WATER STOCKS.
! Contra Costa— 41 I Port Costa.. — —
I Marin <Jo... — 65 Is V W Co.. 40V4 41
i OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. STi 4^ S V G * K. 57*4 6S
Mutual E 1. 7 9 Stkn O & E. 5 —
I Pac L Co.. 52% 55% U G & E.. — S3
Sac EG A R— —
j TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
j s r o & e. _ _ 1
! INSURANCE.
j Firem's Fnd.335 350 |
! BANK STOCKS.
1 Am Ntl Bk. — 130 L P & A... — 170
.; An«:lo-Cal .a 88% — Mer Trust... — 232%
: Hank of Cal. 442 445 Merch Ex... — —
; Cal Safe Dp.147% — S F Nation!. — —
First Nationl — —
i SAVINGS BANKS.
• Grr SAL. — 2300 Ipav A L So. 03 100
, Hum S & L. — — Sec Hav Bk. — 450
; Mutual Sav.100 — pinion T Co. — —
, S F Sav U.615 «50 I
KTREET RAILROADS.
! California ..l'J7%205 1 Presidio .... 3»>4 — /
j Geary — SO |
I POWDER.
Giant 60 61 | Vigorlt — 5
j • . SUGAR. '
• Hana P Co. — 05c Kilauea, S C. — 5
1 Hawaiian C, 43 44 MakaweU C. — 22%
1 Hnnokaa S C 12 12% Or.omea S C. — 3«
! Hutch SK 6 7% /aauhau S C — 14%
' MISCELLANEOUS.
I Alask* PA.— 144 I Oceanic S C. 4 5
. Cal F C A. 04 t)« U>ae Aux FA 5 — •
! Cal WJne A. 94 U W I Pac C Borx.lUT —
1 Morning Session.
; Board —
10 Giant Powder Con, s 3 59 50
i 60 Giant Powder Gun, s 90 b0 W
I 4o S y Gaa t Electric 57 50
j 25 8 K Oas & Electric 57 75
I 5 Spring Valley Water Co 4« 87%
?2.CO4) .Sierra Ry ot Cal 0 per cent., .111 75
! $»,Cfc«i bpring \ alley U per cent 1«W 00
¦ $lL\W/> Jiarket-st Uy 1st con 5s 114 00
' Street — ,
j IS Bank of California 440 50
j 0 German Savings & Loan.... 2200 W
I $5,C<X> S P branch Ry 6 per cent 134 25
' fK.OOp Pac Elect Ky 5 per cent 105 CO
1 >17.Oiu S P of Arizona (190U) '...105 00
$ll,OGt) S P of C 6s (l»05. Series A).. 103 50
?23.000 S P of C 6s (1005. Series B)..1C4 5t>
i *ij.MOS P ot O Us (1U0G) 105 25
i $27,000 Spring ValUjr tf p«r cent 100 00
I California Stock and Oil Exchange
.! Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma .
j Apcllu i\i .
; Associated Trust Cert 17 18
J Aztec so
i California Stanciaid n
; Caribou .., 1 40 ' ....
j Central Point Cun ....
Chlcajj" Crude ....
Clareruunt Hi ....
bsperania 1 60 ....
'Four tjfl
1 Fulton 4 00
i Giant , 25
; HanJord 140 w> 142 00
, Home 107% 112%
¦ Imperial ....
Independence 13 14
Junulon .'',.. 15
Kern 4 50
Kern River 12 CO
; Lion ' 01
' Monarch of Arizona 40
, Monte Crlsto C3
¦¦ Occidental of W Va IB
I Oil City i'etruleum 27 2»
; 1 'wriest; ....
Pittsburg , ....
Re«d Crude 4 50
S F & McKlttrlck
San Joaquin o £ D ....
Senator Ki ....
Sovereign US 40 *
Sterling 2 5i»
Superior v U5 07
Thtrty-three COO 7 CO
To'.tec 10 2i»
1 Twenty-eight ...'. 4 50 ....
Wost Shore 3 CO
Miscellaneous — \
I Abby Land A Improvement V 1.50
Alumrda Su;ar 20 00
I American BiHcult 75 00
: Amer Diet Tel ....
! Ca! O*s & E-jctrlc Corp .'
j California. Cotton Mills 89 CO 05 00 '
i California Jockey Club ....
j California Shipping Co I
I Cal Title Ins ft. Trust /
! Central Bank of Oakland *
iVhute? Company
• Cypresc Lawn Imp Co 6 25 6 75
! Fischer's Theater .,..,..'. 2 25
; Gas Consumer*' Association
. Honolulu Bur»r
¦ Northern Cal Power 8 25 0 CO
j North Shore Railroad
I Orpheum Company ltl 00
: Pacific StatM Tel & Tel • ....
! Paraffin* Paint 35 CO
i Kan Francisco Drydock .... —
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 50 ....
Sausallto Land A Ferry.... ....
' Hperry Flour Company ....
; Standard E'.ectrie / ....
1 Tesla Coal Co 25 00 SO 00
I Trvckf-e Electric ....
i;nion Sugar ....
1 United Gia & Electric N ...
! SALES. -
1 Morning Session.
i 1050 Monarch 40
! 5000" Superior Cfi
: 100O Sovereign 38
1 The following quotations arc lor pood, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Kranclaco, le^s 50
i per etiit shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, B#9o; Cows and Heifers.
7<6Sc: thin Cows. 455c per Ib.
1 CALVKS — liH^c per lb (gross weight).-
I SHEEH- Wethers. S%©4c: Ewes. 3*i#:jy£c
pt-r lt> (Brosa welsht). / 1
I LAMBS— U4© 5c per Ib. .
" HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to ISO lbs. 5U«5V»e:
over ISO ibs. ."c; soft Hogs, 4 l Jc; sows, 20 per
i cent off: Bears. £0 per cent off, and Sta^s. 40
per cent n3 from above quotations.
i Wholesale rates truin slaughterers to dealers
i are bm follows:
i BEEF— »>!4©7>4c for Steers and GfiA^c per'
: lb for Ccws.
! VKAL— LarRB.* SgOc: small. 0©10c per lb.
: Ml"! TON— Wethers. Rgsifce: Ewes. TiBS^o
. per lb.
LAMB— l>'4«10c ner lb.
' : PORK— Dr«>fs»d Ho?s, "SSVfce per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
There in no variatlcn noticeable In this mar-
Uet. fc'upclles es n rule nre ample for all needs.
• DKKSSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
VEG.ETABLKS— Green Peas. Sfoc oer Ib;
Strintc BeanM. b@15c per lb: Wax, SS!2l£c;
Tomatoes i trom Los Angeles, TOc<z«l i»r.,lxix
or crate: Rhubarb, r.'ijiu- per lb;- Summer
Squash 'from Los Anirelep. 75c<5»l ' per box:
Cabbage, ?1 per ctl; CBrrots, 0Oc per suck;
HuthcMisc Cucumbers, $l«jfl 30 s>er dozen;
Garlic. 5@nc per lb; Kgg Plant. IO^ISc
per lb; Dried Peppers. 5©Sc per lb for Stock
ton «nd ll®12><.q for iouthern: Dried Okra.
12\4c per lb: Green Pcpucrs. GQ80 per lb:
Mushrooms, 25c per lb; Marrowfat and
Hubtjard Squash. $lo«FJir, per ton for round
lots and ViG-lic -per lb for xacked.
Burba nks from the river. 70S
JWc per Ml; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25«1 i>0 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. Hfil 25 i*r ctl: Riv.r
Reds. oUMtiOc l>er ctl; <i«rn-i cntles. UOcf&.jl
per ctl; Early Kose. U0c@*l per ctl; Sweet fo
tatcte. Jl 75(51 S5 t.er ctl.
ONIONS— 51 35gi 50 i>er ctl; Green Onions,
5('Jj00c ptr box.
The market for table Potatoes is still in good
shar>e 8nd Oregon Hurbnnks an*, quoted higher,
although supplies are more plentltul than ior
(ome ilnr: patt. A ateamer arrived from Ore
gon yesterday with 4172 isacks. and a steamer
which arrived en the preceding day brought
several consignments, which dlu not appear on
the manifest. TiUvbanks trcm Salinas and vicin
ity were in. limited supply *nd steady and rivers
were firm under continued' ll^ht rtweipta. There
were no tresh Sweets received and carried-over
stock was cleaning up- slowly at the previously
quoted rates. Onions were umhangsd. Receipts
included Wjs sacks front Oregon by steamer.
Choice clT(>ilnKfi of t>trln<r and Wax Bean*
and Green Ptau from the south were in good
request at steady prices, but poor stock which
arrived freely, met with slow sale at easy ratex.
Some very poor lots of Beans were offering as
low as 6c per pound, but found no buyers.
Tomatoes were dull, owinjj to the cool weather
anrt suppllts were steadily accumulating. Sum
mer Squash and Green Peps^ra were plentiful
and moved slowly at easy rates. Cabbage was
In demand tor shipment ond was firmly h*ld at
a sharp advance. Asparagus irom the Sacra
mento River was oflVrim: again and sold at
4<!£.5Uc per pound. Two boxen came in.
Potatoes, Onions and .Vegetables.
"It hasn't what you would " call a
pleasing expression," replied Miss
Quickstep, after a brief Inspection.
"You shouldn't take yourself so seri
ously."—Chicago Tribune.
"Th!9." said the amateur photogra
pher, proudly displaying It, "la a photo
graph I took of. myself."
Weather Report.
There was no further change In Beans yes
tsrday. but the market ruling firm for most
descriptions. »
BEANS— Kayos.' ?2 35^2 45; Pea. $?, 25; But
ters. $5; small White. *2 !»3<f?:{ C5: large White.
$2 55®2 05; Pink. $2 70ft2 W, Red- $4 23^4 50;
Lima. $3 1563 20; Red. Kidneys. $4 25; Ulaek
eje. $2^2 15 per'ctl; Horse Beans. $2«2 50.
.SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow -Mus
tard. $2 <jd4f2 SO; Flax. $1 S0@l f)0; Canary.
:<tib l ,\~. for Eastern: Alfalfa. U®14c; Rape.
l>4@2c; Timothy. f@t:%c; Hemp 3mig.;%c per
]b; Millet, 3®-3fec, Droom Corn Seed, j^O^-'i
per ton. .
DRIED PEAS— Nominal
Beans and Seeds.
Wool and Hides continue steady and In fair
d?mand and Hcr>s are active and firm. All
quotations remain unchanged. i
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell !
abj;nt V'Ulc under quotations. Heavy Salted '
Steers, ftp; medium, 8c; light. I%c; Cow Hides, 1
7 %c lor heavy and 7V>c for light; Stags. 5c; '
Saltfd Kip. !>c: Salted Veal. 10c: Saltfd Calf, j
10%c: dry Hides. 13@lCc-. dry Kip, 13c; dry
C«if, ISc: Sheepskins. sheaYlinrs. 23«J30c each; ,
fhort Wool. 40<a65c each; medium. 70@90c: long 1
Wool $1(&1 HO: Horse Hides, salt. *2 75 for !
large- ami S2<&2 E0 for medium. $1 ?5©1 75 for J
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry. !
$1 75 'or larsce and $1 50 for medium. 5101 25 }
(r.r smnll and 50c for Colts. TSuck Skins — Dry :
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry 1
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An- !
goras. T5c! large and smooth. 50c: medium. 35c; I
small. 2Cc. . |
1ALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb: No. |
2. :¦»«.<•: ferease. 2%@.^c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaqaln Lambs'. Ofi
lie: Middle County. U«12c: Northern Free. ;
ll<712t: Northern Defective. 10«I'.le: Humbvldt !
ard Mer.docino. 12iS14c: Nevada. 13ii|15c: Ore- }
eon fine, ISiiJlOo: Oregon medium. 17c per lb. |
HOI'S— CS'ffC'^c per Jb for California. \
Hides, Tallow, IV ool and Hops.
Local Bask Clearing* during the week Just
«n£ed were S32.140.S15. against $30,555,700
durlsjr the corresponding week of last year.
"thowlnt a.n increase of I1.5S5.115. The clear
ings during the eame week in 1902 were $25.-
S33.44O.
Bank Clearings.
Amer Smelt & Ref . 700 4S • 4S 47%
Amer S & R pfd. 300 00 90 89
Air.tr Sugar Ref... 200 124% 124% 124%
Anaconda Mln Co. . 200 76 70 70
Brooklyn R Transit 2.100 48% 4S*,4 48=s
Colo Fuel & Iron 28%
Colum & Hock Coal 13%
Consolidated Gas.. 700 192% 191*4 192
General Electric 172
Interntl Paper ICO 11 11 10'i
Interntl Paper pfd (55 '
Interntl Pump :{2
Interntl Pump pfd 72
.National Biscuit .. 200 38 38 MG'i
National Lead 300 16 15% 15%
'North American... 300 85% S3 S5
I Pacific Mall 4.5CO 32*i 30^ 32%
| People's Gas 100 97»4 97 1 ,; 97
I Pressed Stfel Car 27
. Pressed S Car pfd C8
Pullman Pal Car 214
Republic Steel 100 7 7 - 6'A
Republic Steel pfd. 300 42 42 42
Rubber Goods is;i
Rubber Good? pfd 73>4
Tern Ccal & Iron.. 500 37>i 36% 37'
r S Leather 200 7% 7% 7%
' U S Leather pfd .' 76U
! V B Rubber 1.100 12% 11V- 12U
V H Rubber pfd 43%
I' S Pteel 4.7(K> 10^4 10% 10%
1' S Steel pfd 17,4«W) f.SS, 5.** RgU
Union 200 S714 S7=i 87 Vi
Total salre 107.SCO shares. .
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAX FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Jan. 1<(.— Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco were *17,0<X>
at $77 37%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
American Can. common, 3 r i bid 4 asked;
preferred. 3-J bid. 34 asked.
NEW YORK BONDS.
D S ref 2s reg. .K)5Vi|Louis & N uni 4s. 09%
Do coup 105>4 LVanhrttan c g 4s.lC2"{,
Do 3s reg io« |Mex Cent 4s ... 70U
Do coup 10«% Do 1st Ine 15
Do new 4s reg.l32>i Minn & St L 4s. 97
Do coup 13.T-i M K & T 4s !>«%
Do old As reg.lC7% Do 2ds SO
Do coup tOTHlM n R of M c 4s 75
Do 5s reg 101Vi|N" Y Ont K 3%s. »S
Do coup lOtUIN J Cent g 5s..i::r>
Atch gen 4 3 ... 99%LNor Pacific 4s ..102"4
Do adt 4s .... SS'4 Do 3s 71%
Atlantic C L 4s. 03 Nor A W con 4«. M%
Balto A O 4s IC1 jo S L 4s A Par. !)2 3 i
Do 3%s 01 iPcnn conv 3%s.. Mri
Cmt of Ga »s. . .lf4>J f Heading Gen 4s. aM*
Do 1st inc .... fi3 st U & I M c R«..112'i
Ch.-s & O 4%s...lO2% St L * 5 F f K 4s. 83«
< hi & Alton 3U.s. 75ii:?t L S \V-lsts... »2>4
C n A Q n 4s.. oiVi Ptahoard A L 4». (KU
fll&SPg 4?. H.SV4 Southern Pac 4s. 88%
Chi A N W c 7s.l31»if5:authern Ry 5f!..112
C R I #• P It R 4s Cfl |Trx & Pac lsts.llH
Do col 3s 75 Tol St L & W 4s. 70
CCC&SLg4sf>n Unlnn Pacific 4s.. 102
Chi Term 4s ... SI j Do ocnv 4s ... 07
Con Tobacco 4s.. 57^;T* S Steel 2d 5s 7^
Colo & Ro i< ... R7VWafca»h 1st" ... ltr.it
Denver & R G 4s.- 07=54! I»o Deb B r.51;
Hrle prior Hen 4s. 07 iWhrpT A L E 4u Sn»;
D'r *>n 4i ... SlUlwis Cent 4s KO
Ft W & D C lst*.10«%:Cc:o F & I c 5« 71
Hocking Val 4%s.lO5 |
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con . . . .^ 15 Uttle Chief C6
Alice 15 Ontario C <:<»
Breece 10 Ophlr 4 50
Knins Con .. ... (<s\ Phoenix 06
Com Tuunel CrSjPotcsi ...".'.".". '.' " "i\
Con Cal & Va... I 7. r i!Savo«e 53
Horn Silver I 05'Slerra Nev 70
Iron Silver 1 TO (Small Hopes 21
L*ad\i!le Con ... C2i Standard 1 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— [ Mining-
Call loans iftr,\ Adventure "U
Time loans :.5*7fli Allouez . 41?
A , tohi^ on *" «»8>i!Amal Copper...'" 5O\4
MexCpnt4s 70%iDaly West 34 2
Railroads— 'Hingham 22%
Atchl*on fi(5%i Calumet & Hec'.a.4»5
Do PM 8S%!Centennial 10U
Boston & Albany.215 Copper Range 45%
Boston & Maine.lfiO j Dominion Coal... 67
Boston Kiev 140 I Franklin SU
EL£." H * H..195 Isle Ttoyale 7%
F-ltchburK pfd 135 Mohawk , 3S%
Inlon Pacific 78% Old Dominion... 112
Mex Central 12',i [Osceola «o
Miscf-llaneous — Parrot ...'... 23'
Am«r Sugar 124V} Quincy ....'.".'.'" 91
Do pfd... ...... 124 Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel* Tel.. 125 Tamnrack .:.. .W>
Dom Iron & S.. 8 Trinity * 5
Gen Electric 172 United States... ".' 19
Ha»» Klectrlc 2SU, TTtah 0%
Do pfd. 77%!tTnited Copper. V.". " S
TTntted JFrult 0S% 1 Victoria ..... 214
V S Steel 10i4iwinona '.' (5«
Do pfd W14 j Wolverine 70
Vi'estins Com 80 '
Caledonia ...1 05 1 10 Ophlr 5 00 5 12*4
Challenge Con 55 39 Overman 2S 19
Chollar 2S :tO Potosi 2H 3O
Confidence 1 15 1 25. Savage* «2 «Ki
•Con C & Va.l TO 1 85 Scorpion 05 €«
1 Con Imperial. OS C4 » Seg* Belcher.. II 1.1
Con JT Y 10 li! sierra Nev .. SO K
Crown Point. 30 34 Silver HIM .. 68 70
Eureka Con.. — 50 St Louis .... 20 —
I Exchequer ... 2f» 22 'Syndicate .... 04 rx»
Gould A Cur. 4-« 45; Union Con ..I % 1 H>
Hale & Norc. SO MlUtah 2O 21
Julia CO 07! Yellow Jaoket SI 33
TOSOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. * BhtAstc.
Colehan — 19 Rescue Ctt OT
Ejperanra .. — 01 Ton Belmont. C5 «H
Gold Anchor. 15 27 Ton & Cal . . — 23
Hannapah — CO Ton of Xev.5 23 —
Hannapah Ma — 25|Tn-» V Star.. 3:5 -13
MaeNtmars . CO It (Ton Midway. ffl» 4O
Mlapah Ex... — 50; Ton A S Lake IS .-.«»
Mont Ton . .1 25 — \ Ton Superior — Vt>
Paymaster ... — 10. United Ton .. — 12
Ray & OBrlen 07 10|
Another advance in Oilcake Meal is not'd
Nfarly 0700 eks o: Bran came m ir.m Oregon
but a* the market had been almost bare prices
were not affected.' The othsr Feedstuff.8 ranged
as before.
The Government has officially awarded 3000
of the.540O tons of Hay for Manila, so often
.mentioned of Mate, to this market, and the
north will probably c»t the bnlance of 1 100
tons. The market rules steady and unchane.'i!
BRAN— $20 5O5J21 50 rer ton '
'MIDDLINGS— #27«i28 f)0 per ton.
SHORTS— $20 5Cff21 50 rer ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Hoiled Barley $23 r.0@2» 50
per ton; Oil Cake Meal at thy mill. f.'Sgi!) 50:
jobbing. ?30: Cocoanut Cakf-, $21©22: -Corn
M»*al. $2Kift2S 50: Cracked Corni SSS'JE^n-
Mixed Feed. $22«i23; Horse Eeans. $30@40' rer
ton. . -i
HAY— Wheat. 5.14S17 ."iO: Wh^t and Oat.
$14i?lti 50: O«tf ?14fflU; Wild Oat. »13&1S; !
Barley. $12«14 50: Stock nominal — none here; '
Alfalfa. $12(5V! f-O per ton. j
STRAW— 5i'075c per bale. J
Hay and Feedstuff s.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8%e: three
hair bnrrels. S%<:: one tierce, sftc; two tierces.
S%c; five tierces, tl\c per lb.
LARD — Tifrces quoted at 7c per lb »for
compound «n<1 !><• 'or imn 1 : half-harr»ls. pure, j
•J%c: 10-II1 tins. It'ic; 5-lb tins. 9T»c; 3-lb tins. >
10c I
OUfJfcD MEATS— Bacon. 11 lie per lb for
heavy,. 12c for light midium. 14c for light. 1
14M-C for «xtra light. 17f for sugar-cured and •
l.SU.c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar- {
cured Hums.. 13%c; California Hams, i-!;^ j
Vic: Mss3 Beef, ttl 50 per bbl: extra Mesn. 1
?12J?12 50; Family. $13: prime Mess Pork, r
»lti: e*tra clear." $24; MfM, $IS; Dry Salted :
Pcik. llV-c; PUr Perk. $2S: Pigs' Feet. $3 25; :
Smoktrl n^ef, ITk* per Ih.
: The ¦ Chicago wires of Bolton, de Ruyter & ;
Co. said: "Market abcut unchanged. Th» ,
outpider is still the chief buyer and packers are
marketing freely There Is every indication of
'continued large receipts of hogs, and unless the j
market Is help€d out by war news we doubt
If the present range of values could be main- i
taired." ¦ i
The local market continues weak and dull,
with dealers shading quotations for Hams and
Bacon.
Provisions.
* ¦ 1
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 «J, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 50®4 KO' •
Oregon and Washington; (¦'! (M)$4 '20 - per bbl for '
Family and $3 IWigU 40 for Bakers'. i
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per ICO lbs- ¦
Rye Flour. S.I 25; Rye Meal. 83; R| ce Flour, I
$7: Corn Meal $3 25 :' extra cream <io $4- Oat !
Groats. ?4 50: Hominy. $404 25; Buckwheat ;
Flour $4 50<S4 75: Cracked Wheat $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled !
Oat* bbls, $7 23t;_S CO; in sacks $ti 75«,s 10 ;
Pearl Barley. $0; Spilt Peas, boxes.' $7; Green I
Peas $5 SO per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Nczv York stock market closes the week quietly.
Brisk Saturday trading on the Stock and Bond Exchange.
Wheat and Barley futures higher, ozving to failure of the rain.
Oats and Corn firmly held. Rye still dull.
Beans firmly held and in good demand.
Government takes 3000 tons of Hay in this market.
Hcm>y arrivals of Bran from the north. Oilcake Meal lower.
Beans firm, with a continued demand.
Butter in light stock and firm. Eggs still declining.
Cheese very weak and plcntipil and heavily offered.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins unchanged.
Provisions plentiful and ivcak in all positions.
Wool and Hides steady. Hops active and firm.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted. "
Turpentine marked up 2c per gallon.
Potato market in good condition. Onions unchanged.
Poultry market cleaned up. "Game poor and dull.
'Apples higher under reduced supplies.
Rather more activity in Citrus Fruits.
Local bank clearings gain $1,500,000 for the week
Silver and financial quotations unaltered.
CHICAGO, Jan. 10. —Wheat ruled strong on
an active demand from ehorts. While the do
mestic news was in the main apparently bear
ieh. the war situation w«,a Still threatening.
It was thio that started the covering by short*.
as it was considered possible that war might
be declared before trading: was resumed on
Monday. The opening- was about where the
market left oft the. day before, with May at
S7>4@s7%e. Coarse grains were showing con
siderable strength, and this lact Induced some
buying of wheat early, which advanced the
price of May to 87HCS8C. The market re
ceded again, however, on pront taking influ
enced In eome degree by report* of moisture
in California. I-ater In the day advices from
Kansas City stated that reports of damage
to the winter wheat crop by drought in ths
Southwest were becoming more general. This
was sutnclent to cause another buying move
ment from shorts. Offerings were of such a
lit;lit character that before the demand could
be satisfied May had been hoisted to &>%c.
The market closed strong, with prices about the
high mark, final figures on May being at S8-""*©
eVfiC.
Corn w»b excited, and the trade at times
assumed large propcrtions. . May opened l 4c
to Uc higher at 4u®40VsC, cased oft to 4fc%@
48*$ c. and then advanced rapidly to 49%c,
closing at 49U$f49bc. •
.A resumption of bull tactics by leading longs
caused a strong market In oats. Alter open
ing a shade lower to He higher at 41V6C. to
41%©41»4C. May sold between -41Vic and
42>-ic, closing at •tl> / i<&41«ic.
Interesting gra;n markets, attracted traders
from the i.rovieion pit, and trading was only
of small \olume. with mtst of.lt for local ac
count. The strength in grain h:ld provisions
prices steady. May pork closing a shade higher
at $1.1 15. May lard was 2V.«r5c lower at
$8 '.i.'.JjC. 1)7 >4, and ribs a shade oit at *0 V3.
The leading futures ranged cs follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 87% 8»% 8"'i 8R%
July ;. #2% J2"}6 82 82 ty
September 7a 79Vi 7S?i "9H
Corn No. 2 —
January „ 45V4 • 45V4 46U 45\4
May i'J% 49% 48% 49>i
July 47^ 48 47ii 47%
Oats No. 2 —
January 38%
May 41?i 42ft 4 Hi 41%
July 37 37% 3«i% 37^
September •...-.. 33 JWVit 33 33Vit
Mess Pork. i>er bbl—
January 12 00
May 13 17»4 13 20 13 07& 13 15
Lard, ler 100 lbs —
January 6 75 6 77^4 C 72VJ « 72<4
May 7 00 7 00 6 85 « »7V4
July 7 07% 7 07% 7 05 7 05
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs— . I
January 0 35 0 37^ 6 83 6 35
May ($67^4 « 67H « «2V4 « «5
July 6 77% 0 77% C 75 0 75
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm:
winter patents. $4 10«4 30: straights. #3 00£
4 10; spring patent*. $l<gl 30; straights. $3 50®
:t !>!>; bakers', $2 :>5&3 30: No. 2 spring wheat,
S4(«jS6c: No. 3, t>2c; No. 2 red, 83tt@K-»%c; No.
2 corn, 43 : )ic; No. 2 yellow. 47c; No. 2 oats,
8K» 4 03&ViC; No. 0 white. 40fflJ«c; No. 2 rye.
B5G8S3&C; ?ood feeding barley 40@42c;-falr to
choice malting. 4S#£sc; No. 1 flaxseed. !)8%c;
No. I N01 th western, 11 05; prime timothy se?d,
$3 25: me<*s pork, per bbl. $13^13 12; lard, per
100 lbs $ii 72'-i«&LtJ 75; short ribs sides (loose),
*G 25fi« 50; short clear sides (boxed). $0 «2%@
6 75; whiikv. basis of high wines, $1 27; clover,
contract crade, $11 35#11 40.
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17 700 10.100
Wheat, bushels 30,000 24,100
Corn, lushete 2S1.400 1C4.W)
Oats busht-1 254.000 41,«00
Rye. bushels r.,7(X> 4.000
Barley, bushels 55.300 14,300
On the Produce Exchange the Butter market
wjs steady; creameries 15@21c; dairies, lift
1!»:; eggs, steady at mark, cases included, "l&
2CVic; cheese.' steady, 10310%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
TEACHES— Remain quiet. Choice, 7>/4©7?ic;
extra choice, ?%@$%c; fancy. »Vi©10Hc
market. Trade continues dull, though there it
more call for come grades of Honey, and Apri- '
cots and Prunes are rather steadier in the East
ern markets. Raisins are dull, with buyers [
waitins for the association to lower their quo
tations. There are stilt large. lines on hand.
FRUIT — Apricots, "Ufi'J^c for Royals and 9
@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, V&
Bftc; sun-dried. 3©4c; Peaches, 4®a^c; Pear*.
UiilQci Nectarines, 4&5>,4e; Figs, white. 4@4Hc
In boxes: black. C c; Plums, pitted. UtfOc per
pound.
PRUNES — 1303 crop, 2}4©2%o for tha four I
8 RAISINS— F. o. b. prices. -Fresno, for 1003 i
crop: 60-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, ¦ 2-crown, •
5>,ic per 1b; 3-crown, 6%c; 4-crown, e^c; Seed- 1
less Muscutels. 4>4c: do, floated, 4Hc: un- j
bleached Sultanas. *HCS Thompson'* Seedless. •
5V>p. London Layers — 2-crown, (1 23; 3-crown, !
*l".'|5: 4-orown clusters- |2; 0-crown Deheaas. !
$'2 ."0; ti-crown Imperials. $.'!; Malaga Loose, 2- 1
crown, flu per 1b; do U-crown. &%c; Valencia '
Cured. 4&c; Pacific, do. 3%c: Oriental, do. j
2%c. Seeded Raisins — IB-oz packages, fancy. '
Sc per Ib; choice. T;nc; 12-oz packages, fancy, j
«%c; choice. ti%c: in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice.
7%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshsll, 13%@14c;
No. 2. HHCpr-'c: No. 1 hardshell. 13913HC:
No. 2, lt©lH*c; Almond*, lie for Nonpareils.
10V4fr for I X L, lOHc ror Ne Plus .Ultra and
S*jc for Languedcc; Peanuts, G<S7c for Eastern;
Perans, ll@K<c; Cocoajiuti. M 50©3; Cheat*
nuts. M®R'c per lb.
HONEY — Comb. 10@ll%c for white and 8Ht>
»'Ac tor amber: water white extracted, 59
&Hc: light amber extracted. 4^@4%c; dark.
3V,S'4c. « '
BKESWAX— 27(g29c per lb.
Whit*. ?1 SOifipl 30; Black. *1 45@1 65; Bed.
fl 20S1 S2»4 for feed and ?1 25@1 a5 for seed;
Gray. 31 'J2\i. ' • >
CORN— Is firmly held, though the local de- !
mand is not brisk. •
. Western sacked. $1 23%@1 25 for Yellow I
$1 22HW1 -5 for White and $1 18%®1 20 for i
Mixed: California large Yellow. ?i :«>*; small ;
round do, $1 4001 50; White. $i 35 " per ct i : i
Egyptian. $1 43&1 3fi for white *nd $1 23 ior ,
brown. • • I
RYE— $1 2501 30 per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75®2 per ctl. •
.- CASH BARLEY. !
Feed. $1 (nmfl 12H: Snipping and Brew- i
Ing $1 15(31 20; Chevalier. ?t 20®l 45 for fair !
to cholct.
FUTURES. I
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ...$1 00 $1 07 $1 06 $1 07
OATS — Continue firm at unchanged quota- I
ttons. The demand U fair. . , |
rain advanced futures, but the cash grain ° re- I
muined quiet and unchanged. . !
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,' JANUARY 17, 1901.
J)ried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey. f
There Is no, further change to report in this
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
39
OCEAN TBAVEL.
1 r ~7!>^ Steamers leave San Fran*
>V?j5=_&JSy Cisco as follows:
! fiS&Z vS\ For Kstehtkan. WrangaU
1 ICLf'^fHSSs. <J\ Juneau. Ilainoa. Skaguay.
V»*Sh\ I 1 etc Alaska — 11 a. m.. Jan.
I \ \»S3gL' j 16 > 21. -'H. 31. Feb. 5.
1 \*\ \\ Charge to company's steam*
; V$><_^y «rs at BeattU.
>5Hsv5J^ f° r Victoria. Vancouver,
: ** ' Port Townsend, SeattU, Ta-
eoma, Everett. What com — 11 a. m.. Jan. 16.
! 21. 2ts. 31, Feb. 5. Chang* at Seattle to this
company's steamers tor Alaska and O. N.
• Ry.; at Seattle or Tacotna to N. P. Ry.. at
I Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
I For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Jan. 17, £i, 29. Feb. 4; Corona. 1:30 p.
; m.. Jan. 14, 20. 26. Feb. 1.
For Lrs Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
, Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For I.O- Angeles 'via San Pedro and East
; Can IVrtro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
i terey, San Simoon. Cayueos, Port Harford (San
j Luis Of>i?T>r). Ventura and Hueneme.
, Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Jan. 12. 20. 2S. Feb. 6.
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Jan. 16. 21. Feb. L
, For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
. Caho. Mazatlan. Alta ta. La Pas. . Santa Ro-
! salla. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
j month.
; For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved- to change steamers or svtt-
' Inr dates.
TICKET OPriCES— 4 New MontKom-
! fry street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street acd
; Broadway wharves.
t Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. P. DCNANK, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street, San Francisco.
' O. R. & N. CO.
Columbia sails Jan. 13, 23. Feb. 7. 17. 2T.
1 March 0 and 19. George W. Elder fails Jan.
' 13. 23. Feb. 2. 12. 22. March 4 and H. Only
1 steamship lln* to PORTLAND. OR., and short
! rail line from Portland to all points Cast.
I Through tickets to all points, all rait or ataatn-
! chip and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
I tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
1 foot cf Spear st. at 11 a. m. 9. F. BOOTH.
1 Oen. Agt Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.: C.
* CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dtpt.. 3 Mont,
goxnery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamer* will leav« wharf, corner First acd
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkcng. calling at Kobe (Hlcga). N'ann-
fakl and Shanghai, and connecting at llonij-
! kong with stflhmers for India, etc. No carzo
i received on txsfrd on day cf sailing.
8. B. AMERICA MARU
Monday. January 23, 1004.
S. a H0N0K0NO MARU...."
Wednesday. February 17. 1904
IS. S. NIPPON MARU
; Tuesday. March 13, 1901
; VI* Honolulu. Round-trtp tickets at r*duc*4
! rates. For freight and passage apply at Com*
I pany's office. 421 Market street. Corner First.
W. H. AVERT.. General Agent.
|oce§nic_s.s.co.=^g
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck.
land and Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 21. 2 p. m.
8- B. Al-AMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 30. 11 a.m.
8. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Feb. 11. 1904.
UlA'ECtiUftn8S.S9 v lBti..TUstSn!ca.l0l3,-tata
C0X7AS5I2 0KSE5ALS TXA53ATI.AWTI J7i«
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. j-aw
Falling evjry Thursday Instead of
I Saturday, at 10 a. tn.. from Pier 42. -HK^xw
' North Hlver. foot of Morton street.
I First class to Havre. $7O and upward. See.
nnd cla»s to Havre. S4A and upward. OEX-
I ERAL AGENCT KOR UNITED STATES ANO
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
1 New York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
I Agents. 5 Montgomery avenu*. San Francisco.
Tickets. »old by all Railroad Ticket Agwta.
M»r> Isl*ad »ad TsJlsJo atMnnsr*.
Steamer GEN. FltlSRin cr MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. tn.. 3:15 and S::io p. m.. except Sunday,
Sun.lay, 9:45 a. m.. 8:50 p. m. Leave VallejJ,
' 7 a. ta.. 13:30 and 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Ban.
day. 7 a. m.. 4:19 p. m. Fare. 50 cast*. Tel,
Main 150S. Pier 2. Minlon-st. dock. HATCif
) BROS.
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT
TWENTIETH CENTURY-
COOIC BOOK.
Mall This Order to The S. F.
Call With 73c.
The San Francisco CALL.
San Francisco, Cal.
Enclosed herewith please
find 73c. for which send me
one copy of THE CALL'S
OSEAT 1- w ujh riJUTH CZSV-
TUBY COOX BOOK. (Fifty
Cents is THS CALX'S PM-
MITJM rate to all its six-
month subscribers and the ad-
ditional 25c is to prepay ship-
ping charges.)
SIGNED
STREET
CITY
STATE
AOCTION SALES
WILSON
The Auctioneer, That's AIL
I EXECUTOR'S SALE.
I am ordered to sell, by the executor. At
public auction to the highest bidder, the per-
sonal property and household effects of F. C.
Wattrey. removed from warehouse, formerly
contained in palatial resldenc« In Sacramento,
positively without reservs or limit, to do»
estate, .
TUESDAY. JANUARY i;>, ijkm.
11 O'CLOCK A. M..
AT WILSON'S. 1710 MARKET STREET.
Contents 14 rooms; also, same time and
place, unredeemed storage, 2 pianos, also 1
square; contents 2 flats.
p AUCTION SALE fc*
'• Monday, January IS,
i , At 11 O'clock, at
! ELUS-STREET STABLE. «15 ELLIS ST..
: I will sell 35 head of Draft and. Driving Horaea,
also one Handsome Road Rig Mare sired by
' Diablo, rubber-tired top buggy and harnes* and
reveral business busgles. carts, harness, etc.
This stock must and will be sold.
S. WATKLN3, Auctioneer.
, r*-_ AT AUCTION— I will s*H 1 span of
: ' k -* v handsome donkeys and harness, business
i and rubber-tired buggies, and also a lot of
I wagons, surreys, carts and harness: also 40
I head of a 11- purpose horses on TUESDAY, Jan-
j uary 19, 11 a. m.. 1110 FOLSOM ST.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, 1904.
40
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
"y^ : 'v£ 'v^T>V '211 Montgomery st.
PERMANENT INVESTMENT.
•,,««™ BIG ADVANCE.
$160.000— Pays over 7 per cent net: on level
block close to Flood building, at Eddy and
Market sts.; almost new modern 6-story bulld-
in*; land alone will soon be worth more than
price paid.
$60.000— Rent $440 a, month; very large lot,
1Q5x137:6; close to Van Ness ave.; 4 separate
2-story buildings, 2 flats each; nothing better
built; 3 years old and never been Idle; low
rents, which can easily stand raise.
HOWARD ST.. XEAR SECOND.
$50.000— Lot 75x80; part running to rear
street. •,
CHEAP BUY ON OTAHRELL ST.
Soon be Valuable Business Property.
$2B, COO— Level Mock right ln town; flne
building; pays about 8 per cent net.-, _-¦.
PINE ST. INVESTMENT.
$25,000 — 4-story building of 23 rooms; rent
$100 a month; w!U stand raise; close to n<w
Fairmount Hotel.
______ \ .
REDUCED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
- $7000— Pays $64 a month; on wide street,
only 77 feet from Third st.
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT.
$12,500— Rent $130 SO a month; close to Van
Ness ave. ;. double lot, 2 frontages and always
rented. - ' y .
SIX FLATS AT A SACRIFICE.
$14,000— Rent $116 a month; Central ave..
near Golden Gate Park; CO- foot lot; 5 and 6
rooms and bath; 2 flats to each building and
all low rents.
30 FEET ON POLK ST.
fl 0,000 — Rent $70 a month: store and brick
cellar and flat of 6 rooms and bath.
CHEAPEST BUSINESS LOT OX THE
MARKET.
$13.500— On Fillmore st.. at transfer point:
82:6x100; or will sell 40x100 at $7000 if taken
at once; good buy for a builder.
$12,300— Rent $105; 3 beautiful flats on Baker
st.; new and up-to-date; building alone cost
the money.
$6650— Rent $47 60 a month: 2 flati on Bry-
ant St., near Third; runs to rear St.; must sell.
ARTISTIC FLATS.
$6500 — Rent $55 a month; on the high ground
overlooking Golden Gate Parlc, with flne view
of. park, water and surrounding hills.
GOOD FUTURE.
¦ $4300— Rent $32 a month; Tehama St., near
Third; backs up to 50 feet on Howard st.
$3100— Rent $28 a month; on Ritch St.; 2
flats.
A SNAP. ¦ • '
$1000— Only one block from Market st.: 15
minutes' walk from Market and Kearny sts.;
lot 25x100.
A BARGAIN.
$2500— Rent $25 a month: Stelner and Green-
wich; 2 flne flats; all in flne order; terms to
suit; same as paying rent.
BURNHAM & MARSH,
211 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 185S.
30 Montgomery St Opposite Lick House
$19,000 — Devisadero st. ;' store and flats; lot
30x£2:6; new bulldlne; rent $150*
$34,000 — Fine business corner on Devlsadero
st.; rent $2400 per annum and tenants
make .ill repairs and pay water extra;
lot 50x100 feet.
$30,000— Inside business property; on Third st.;
rent $2280 per annum.
SPLENDID INCOME PROPERTY.
$15,500 — Small flats; always rented; now pay-
Ing over 1-per cent net per month; one-
half block of new Fairmont Hotel, near
Sacramento and Mason sts.; buildings in
fine condition.
$12,000— Post st.: two large well-constructed
houses; very large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$9,GO0 — 6 flats and store below* near 6th and
Brannan sts.; rent $St$ per month; new
building.
$5,750 — Natoma-st. Investment; good Improve,
ments and with small outlay Income can
be doubled; lot 25x75.
Jackson-st. f.O-vara lot, cor. Lyon: an ele-
gant, sightly building location; com-
mands grand, unobstructed view and
best neighborhood ln city; only $30,000.
FINE LOCATION FOR PHYSICIAN.
$11,000 — Sutter St.. near a transfer corner: 10-
' room residence. In flne condition; large
lot. 27:6x137:6 feet.
LOT&
$10,800 — Jackson st.-: 50-vara lot ln the Pre-
sidio Heights district.
$4,200— Steiner st.. near O'Farrell; 25x109:9.
$2,500 — Lots on Larkln st., near Broadway;
$100 per foot.
Lots 27:6x137:6 on Sutter St.. bet. Steiner
and Pierce.
Building lots; NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker st.; in sizes to suit; prices
from $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6, on south line of
Geary at., near Fillmore.
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery St., Opp. Lick House.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY,
.410 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARa
CAL. TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST
CO. REQUIRES an up-to-date title plant for
their own protection and maintain a constant I
watch over every transaction affecting the
title to real estate. No money ls spared to
procure accuracy.
IF APPOINTED YOUR EXECUTOR THE
CAL. TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST CO.
will draw your will and keep it safely in its
vault free of charge. An individual may be
called away, die or become incapacitated; a
Trust Company Is an enduring and ever pres-
ent corporation.
.THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate rec-
ords, constructed especially for Insuring real
esfate titles, like modern plants of New
York, Boston, Chicago and Eastern cities;
reasonable rates; regular trust company
business transacted under State charter; all
matters controlled and managed by the fol-
lowing
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD, '
. . President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP,
Vice Pres. Bank of California,
ROBERT BRUCE.
.Of Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
¦ President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-Californlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY,
Olney & Olney, Att'ys and Counselors
CHARLES PAGE.
Page. McCutchen & Knight. Att'ys.
A.' T. SPOTTS,
i Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING,
Capitalist, 530 California st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK -OTS.
$500 TO $1200; VERY EASY TERMS.
- ¦
Why do so many buy our Oceansldo lots T
Because no others there compare with them.
. They have unobstructed ocean and park view.
They are on "Official Grade"; ready for
V building. _.) if:
Every lot la a bargain. See them to-day.
Get oil cars cor. 47th ave. and H st.
$C0 to $250; near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
"Oceanslde" branch office, cor. 49th ave. and
K st. Open Sundays and holidays.
$500 to $1000— Unexcelled Sunset district lots;
graded and sewered; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on 9th ave.. near H at.
' S160 TO $350; DON'T MISS THIS.
New. lots In the Excelsior Homestead.
Perfectly level; choicest location of all.
Near Mission-st. cars. $5 monthly.
. $1200 to $3500; modern cottages and houses
in Sunset.' Richmond, Oceansids and Excel-
¦lor Homestead. ¦ ¦ •• ¦
ALL BARGAINS; EAST TERMS. '
EOL. GETZ _ SON. Owners and Dealers.
Room 54, 4th floor, Chronicle bldg. • .'
FINE corner, ; 75x80 . ft. ; ' junction of 2 streets
with Market st.j only few blocks west from
City Hall. Address E. K.. box 8. Dimond,
Alameda County. , • /
FINE" Income- flats 'on Fulton St., near City
; Hall. Inquire 142 FuIUti at., owner.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SXLE.-
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST STREET.
Dcn't forget our auction on Thursday, Janu-
ary 21. 1U04, at 12 o'clock noon, at our office
i and ealesrocm. 25 Post Ft. We will sell u!»
j park lots on Fourth and Fifth aves, Hugo. H
J and I sts.. on terms of only 10 per cent cash.
I balance 10 per cent every six months. Street
work all done. Lots level and ready to build
en at once. Suitable for residence or flatsr
Branch office on the property. Open Sundays.
$3,250— Rents $92 50 per month; new building,
containing 4 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath each; lot 35x90; $6000 mortgage at
0 percent can remain; Guerrero st.
Ji.OfO— Hents $42 per month; 4 separate flats
cf 4 rooms each; close to 3d st. and
Southern Pacific depot; lot Jias double
frontage. * •
J7.OC0 — CornerT-25*I10; vicinity of Golden Gate
ave. and Stelner at.; front house of S
rooms and bath and 2 flats adjoining; all
ln jxrrfect condition.
$4,300— Downtown Hailding lot; size 30xG0 to
rear street: vicinity of California and
Stockton sts. ; owner will exchange for
other city property.
j $24.0C0 — Large corner on 3d st., a few minutes'
¦ walk from Market et. ; present rents.
with old improvements, $117 60 per
month; splendid buy.
$0,500 — Washington st., near Kearny; business
; property; 2-story brick buildi«g; store
i and rcoms above; rents $G7 50 per month.
$12.000— Oak st.. near entrance to Golden Gate
! Park: lot 23x137:0; new building of .1
j t-eparate flats of 6. 7 and 7 rooms and
; liath each; rents $105 per month.
j $5,5C0— 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
Webster st.. near Washington; excellent
location.
J7.500— Powell et.: lot 40x70; rents $75 per
month; frame building; separate flats.
?1S,5CO— Rents $l(iS 50 per month; large lot,
j 48x137:6; brick and frame -buildings;
stores and rooms above; under lease;
vicinity cf Kearny and Pacific sts.
$6,150— Baker St.. near California: 2 flats of R
and « rooms and bath each; rents $600
per annum. |
$11,750— Rents J02 per month; lot 25x160 to
rear street; Folsom st., near Sixth; busi-
ness property.
$10,000— First St.. near Howard; lot 23:6x137-6- '
splendid site for new building; present
old frame improvements rent for $63 per
menth.
$16. COO— Washington et.. near Walnut- new
lulldlng of 2 separate flats; splendid ma-
rine view; rents $150 per month.
$14,fJ0O— Howard st.. near First; lot 25x85;
Ktore and 2 floors above; rents $S2 60.
$7,000— Howard st,. near 22d; lot 25x122-6-
mortgage $3500 can remain; splendid res- I
idence. in rooms and bath. I
$lt5.000— R«nts $128 per month; new building of
« flats: pays S per cent net; Fillmore st. ;
i-plendid location. j
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 MONTGOMERY St! I
— — i
$25,000 — Fourth-street business property- 2
stores and 4 flats, renting for $lt;'l per '
month; brick foundation, etc.- lot 5« '
ft. front.
$25.000 — Gocd holdins to improve; • Hyde !
street: large lot. 50x120; improvements i
.,»^ of Uttl * value: Anting for $100 p>r mo.
$16,000— \ alenoia, st.. near lHth; a bargain;!
lot 60 ft. front: Improvements of nom- '
tnal valve.
$13.500— Rented low at $1032 per annum; \
Folscm-street business property; stores '
and flp.ts; lot 37:6x90.
$11,000— Store and 2 flats; Foleom-street bu?;-
nau property: rented for $1050 per an-.
num; !ot 25x00.
$1<»,000— Inside of Van Ness avenue: 3 flats of i
6 rooms and bath each; renting for ¦
$1^*0 per annum; lot 27:6x137:6.
_ZZZ i
I
For further particulars of the above and
for the Real Estate Record, containinc a
li«t of properties for sale ln all parts of the I
city, inquire at our office. ¦
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., i
2O Montgomery St. |
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers. j
DESIRABLE sunny -building lots close to
Duboce Park; bituminlzed streets, lots level !
and ready to build on; a rare chance to j
obtain a holding admirably situated and j
close to the city at a very reasonable figure: 1
diagram, price and all particulars at our ;
office. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Mont-
Koraery et., real esatate agents and auc-
tioneers. I
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post St. ~
$22,500 — A Spear-st. water lot. close to water
front, with brick improvements.
$75, 0M) — Downtown new brick building; rents
$500. i
$15,000— A fine corner near Sutter 'and Powell:
50x100: rents from old Improvements
about $25O.
$24,000 — Six fine flats near Geary and Fillmore
sts.: rents $21 s. . •
J25.0C1' — Polk St.. close to prominent transfer
point; stores and flats; new buildings;
rents $175. i
$20000 — Fine Pacinc-ave. flats; rents $175; ex-
• tra larre lot and elegant new building.
$10.C00 — Near Bush St. and Van Ness ave.; lot
60x120. with 6 flats; rents $155.
$l*.5OO — Fine residence lot. 55x1 1*>. and house;
most attractive: large srarden.
$13,500 — Rent? $140; :t r.ew flats; Sacramento
fct.. n?ar Fillmore: larre lot.
$15.000— Rents $140; S flats; lot 80x137:6; Wcst-
< ' era Addition: fine buy. •
$12,500— Post *t. : downtown lot. 25x137:6; old
Improvements; rents $C0; bargain. »
$11,000 — O'Far'rell-st. corner: store and flats;
rents $108 per month; large lot.
$11,000 — Flats east of Leavenworth St.; 2 build-
•ngs of 4 flats: lot :i6xl37:«: rents $90.
$10,500 — Valencia St.; 25x170; 2 frontages; im-
provements In fine condition; price re-
duced to make sale < n account of owner «
departure for the East; pays 8»i percent
net; a bargain.
$9 550—2 new flats. 7 rooms and bath each,
ntar Haieht and Clayton: rents $fK>.
$6.0C0 — Scott-st. residence facing Duboce Park; i
0 rooms nnd bath; 27 feet frontage. j
$5.5C0— Park panhandle: 2 flne new mo"d>rn ¦
flats; Mr.sonic ave.: a snap. |
$5 COO— Clay Ft., near Devlsadern; residence, 9 |
rooms and bath: 27:6x137:0. j
$12.000 — New flnts; rents $108; facing Golden
Gate Park entrance. |
«S,50O— Attractive flats; Baker, near Washing- i
ton; rents *02 50: lot 2.1x102:6. :
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st. j
E H LANOE & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.. ROOM 23.
t-jOnoo — Ellis st., between Gough and Octsvia:
lot S0xl20, with two frontages: rent $165;
grand site for apartment house; bargain.
$16,250 — Third st.. near FMscm : JJ-story build-
ing.- In flr«t-clas.s condition; lot 25x80;
rent $90; good buy. ~ v ' i; /
$6,500 — Carl st., near Stanyan: two new flat!",
5-6 rooms each; lot 25x137:6; rent $50;
mortgage $3000 can remain. ¦
muz
E. H. LANOE A CO..'
' 26 Montgomery st., room 23.
LANDRY C. BAB1N~ ~~~
Real Estate.
Insurance Broker,
Rent Collector,
413 Kearny Street.
$l,0C0— Two lots; 13th ave., bet. K and L;
50x120.
il™ 10 — Gr '* n - rear Sansnme: 45:10x68:6.
S2.ono— Pix lots, oft San Bruno, nr. Cortland.
fS.OCO — Jackson, near Sansome; 25x60; $50; 3
years' l?ase.
$U..Vi<_.Folsom. nr. Third: 25x160; rent $05 50.
st.noo— Pacific, near Jones; 46xf.O: rent $32.
$13,500— Folsom near Sixth; 25x165; rent $101
• month.
Apply LANDRY C. BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
$0200 — GpR. Erannan and Geneva sts.; 50x100.
wit* improvements.
$5050— Harrison .near 21st: 2 flats, 14 rooms:
lot 45x122:6: carriage house.
$7000— Shotwell. bet. 17th and ISth: 2 flats. 5
and 6 rooms and bath: lot 40x123. -
$4500 — Clementina, near 1st: 2 houses: lot 23x
SO: NW. cor. Sanchez and Ford: 25x100*
$6000— Tehama. nr. 1st; 25x75 • Improved •
Chestnut St.. bet. Mason and TaylS™ 46*"
13«. with Improvements
* 50W io\ W »"rro nr- Devl ? ader °: 8 r °°nis. bath;
$2500— 70-72 Whitney: 2 flats. 4 rooms, bath-
lot ..>iw.
$650 — Whitney s>t.; lot 25x125
PATTERSON. 11 City Ha'll square.
START THE NEW YEAR ~
SAVING 15 PER MOVTW
By buying a lot In the growing city of Rich
mond. where are located the Standard Oil
Company. Santa Fe Railroad terminal n.
Southern Pacific R. R. belt warehoused an l
manufacturing plants. All level. Streri.
graded. Maw free. streets
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
FOR sale — A» a whole cr In subdivisions- 50-
vara lot. south line Union st.. 137:« feet east
of. Pierce: lot northeast corner Green' and
PItc» *(!».: lot 103:«t137:« feet. Inquire of
' CHARLES C. BEMJS. Real Estate Bioker,
221 Sansome st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR » ALB '
6HAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
, . - - . 21S-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$3,000— Union st., near Hyde; frame building,
store and flat above of 5 rooms and bath;
if a couple ot hundred dollars is expend-
ed on this property it could easily be
made to pay 10 per cent and could read.
Jly be sold for ? 4000. .-
$2u00 — Natoma st., near Ninth: 4 flats; rents
?50; this property is in excellent condi-
tion; all good, prompt- paying tenants;
no repairs necessary; no danger of va-
cancies; a good, safe buy; lot 25x75 ft.
fl<, 000— Second-st. corner, near Harrison: :70x
95 feet; flne elte for factory or ware-
house purposes.
$11,000— 50-vara northwest corner Union and
Baker sts.. 137:6x137:6 feet.
«7, 000— Pierce st., near Golden Gate ave.: im-
provements are residence of 8 rooms and
bath and 2 flne flats 4 and 5 rooms and
bath; rents $35-$12-$14; "total rents $01;
lot 25x110. ft.; a grllt-edged proposition.
J7.250— Sutter st., near Devlsadero; 2 modern
flats 6 and 9 rooms and bath; rents $60;
.,»,« «*tra large lot, 41:3x114 ft.
$12,500— California St., near Hydej frame im-
provements; lot 50x110:6 feet; handsome-
location to improve. . .
$10,250— Clay st., near Jones; 3 modern flats.
5-6-8 rooms and bath; rents $1050 per
.. „ annum; always rented.
$9,000— Minna st., near Sixth; 4 flats, renting
for SCO per month: 3-6 rooms and bath;
lot 25x80 feet: must be sold.
, $10,000 — Vallejo st.. near Leavenworth; 3 mod-
i . em flats one year old; 6 rooms and bath
j each; lot 27:0x127:6 ft.; rents for $81 50
1 monthly. T -
1 $10,000— neduced from $12,500; Clay St., nelr
Buchanan; beautiful 10- room resi-
dence; every modern Improvement; half
block from public square; lot 25x100 ft.;
is being sold at the above figure to ef-
¦ feet an immediate sale.
$2,200— Northwest corner of Castro and Alva-
rado sts.; lot 50:6x105 feet; elegant view
of city;
$S,75O — Income $900 gross per annum; 2 new
modern flats, on sunny side of Sacra-
!£ en l° st: W|U P a y 8 P er cen t net : lots
$33,000— Misslon-s't. corner; 100, ft. front; pays
over 10 per cent net: stores and apart-
ment house above; fine Investment.
$7,000 — Broadway, this side of Van Ness ave";
2 modern flats of 6-5 rooms and bath;
rents $53; pick-up.
$5,250— Moss St.. between Sixth and Seventh,
near Folsom; 2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms and
> . * bath; rents $10; lot 24x80 feet.
Get a ccpy of our printed list of properties
for eale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE _ CO..
Real Katate Agents,
218-220 Montgomery st.
LYO.N' & HOAG, :: ~~~~
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for our printed list of property for sale
ln all sections of the city.
55250— Bargain; residence. 8 rooms' and bath;
gocd condition: , street bitumlnized; excellent
neighborhood; near Page st.
BIG LOT ON PINE ST. .
foO.OOO— Submit an offer; Pine st., east- of
Leavenworth: lot 75x137:6, with substantial
residence containing 17 room's, 2 baths; good
location for flats or apartment-house; will sell
house with lot: 35 feet front.
GOOD BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$13,5fiO— Near the corner of Gough and Mc-
Allister sts.; 3-story building, containing
stores and flats above; large frontage; "plenty
of sun and light: rents $125.
O'FARKELL-ST. RESIDENCE.
$5000— O'Farrell st., near Buchanan: lot 25x
00, with a good 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath: rent $40: a good investment; land alone
'worth nearly the price asked.
• $7750 — Near Folsom and Ninth 'sts. : 4 brand
new flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath: every-
thing modern; large lot, :i5xS5; rents $76.
?75,WK> — New apartment-house; leased for 5
years at $450 per month; tenant pays all re-
pairs; 4500 square feet in lot; 4 blocks from
Market and Powell sts.; make offer.
$2600 — Page st.. between Masonic ave. and
Ashbury et.; 2 lots, each 25x137:6; street ac-
cepted.
L FIXE WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$ltt.50O — Three elegant new flats of 7 rooms
and batH each: substantially built: finely fin-
ished; rent $130: best part of McAllister St.,
near Steiner.
LARGE INTEREST PAYING INVESTMENT.
$27,000— Inside of Van Ness ave.; rent $320;
substantial building containing ."0 apartments;
recently remodeled; plumbing and everything
In flrst-class shape: 00 feet frontage.
COTTAGE ON EASY TERMS.
$2500 — A bargain; new cottage on Laguna
st., near Union, containing 5 rooms and bath;
lot 26:8 front; $.">OU cash, balance monthly.
FINE WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$11.000— Grand residence; 1 block from Pan-
handle; 14 rooms and 2 baths, bilUard-room,
furnace, etc. ; finished in selected woods; make
offer.
A FINE SPECULATION.
$5500 — Near corner 14th and Market; 3-story
building: 12 rooms. 2 baths; arranged for 2
fiats; lot 50x100, Is alone worth price
J LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
VALENCIA AND 16TH STsT^
$10.0C0— 16th st., bet. Mission and Valencia;
J.ixll.i; old improvements; rent $420 per an-
num - LYON & HOAG.
F. B. SURRYHXE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$45(iO— Corner on Sanchez st. : 2 nice flat? 5
and ti rooms and bath each; rented low at »3S
per month; mortgage of $2500.
5C15O— Close to Valencia and ISth sts.; 2
substantial flats, e and 7 rooms and bath each,
renting for $52 50 per month; a bargain- mort-
gage of $4000.
?550O— Must be sold; any reasonable offer
submitted; Howard st.. nr. 21st: 3-story hou«e
10 rooms and bath; lot 27:0x122:6; mortgage
of $3500.
$7750— Close to Polk and Union; 2 handsome
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rented
for $U5 per month; extra large lot, 33x125;
Perth side of street, and has an unobstructed
marine view.
$2250 — Nr. Clement and 5th ave.: nice cot-
tace of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x120- any
kind ot easy terms.
$0500— Close to McAllister and Broderick: 3
flne flats, 7 room 8 and bath each; rents fJO;
lot 25x100.
$5300 — Rents $53 per month: close to How-
ard and Sth sts.; 4 flats of 4 rooms each.
$7000 — Close to Market and Sanchez; well-
established business corner; store and flat;
rents ?«0.
$5500— Nr. Valencia and 14th; 4 substantial
flats: rents $55; a. bargain. <
$ll,WXM-Short distance from' Haight and
Stelner; .T.new substantial flats; rents $100;
frcnts Duboxe Park.
» $5650— Close to Van Ness ave. and Vallejo
st.; desirable 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath;
sunny key lot, 25x137:6; mortgage $3500 can
remain If desired. * ¦ .-
$3000— Close to Baker and Fulton sts.; nice
cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
Easy terms can be arranged on any of the
above.
And they are going; those choice building
lots on Devisadero and Waller sts. and Buena
Vista ave., and there is every reason why
they should. If you are looking for a choice
home building let do net fail to look at this
property. Prices from $2000 to $4500; easy
terms If desired.
Get my January catalogue.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$7000 — Residence, Octavia. near Broadway: 7
rooms and bath; has a view of bay;
25x137.
$3500 — Residence. Lombard, near Larkin; 8
rooms and bath; fine view of bay; 25x137.
$5500— Lot on N. line Clay, near Webster; 35x
127:8; flne location and size for flats.
$7200— Marine view lot; Hyde st., near Chest-
nut; 36:8x110; very flne view assured;
new building on each side of it.
$5000 — Lot on SW. corner Larkln and Lom-
bard sts.; 25x105; magnificent marine view
from every window. • • . .
$4500 — SB. corner Larkin and Greenwich; 50x
62:6; elegant view of Golden Gate r.nd bay.
$3000— Lot, Franklin st.. near Filbert;. 53x160;
street sewered: meke p.u offer. •
$2000 — Lot.- Greenwich St., between Van Ness
ave. and Franklin" St.; 33x137. I
$2000 — Lot. E. side De Long ave. ; 25xS0. '
HAAVKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
$4500— OWNER very anxious to sell: flats on
Sanchez st., near 27th. McEWEN BROS..
118 Montgomery st. .
$3.100— ASHBURY Heights home which must
be sold. McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgom-
ery. at. ¦
WILL DOUBLE IN VALUE.
Buy a Lot In the Santa- Fe Tract
AT POINT RICHMOND. -
?5 PER MONTH. ALL LEVEL." •
McEWEN BROS., 118 MONTGOMEY ST.,
SOLE AGENTS. ¦
INVESTMENT FOR SMALL CAPITAL.
Ritch st.; always rented at $73; 41x75; ln
Al order: price $(i500: only $3000 cash, balance
in installments of $32 10 per month; pays
12 per cent net. ,
23d, near York; a 0-room residence: lot 25x
104; only $3000; this is a pickup; must be
sold;- make, offer. ¦ . • .
MONETA INVESTMENT CO..
¦¦•:.-. - - - ¦ 39 Flood building.
FOR . sale at a • tempting ' low figure, 3 new
flats, bring big rents; beautifully built, dome
ceilings, electric lighting, marble steps and
every modern Improvement. Apply to own-
er. 22014 Fulton st.
$3750 — ELEGANT new. 2-flat houses: Income
$870 Der year; substantially built. See
. owner on Premises. 1373 Masonic ave:, bet.
. Waller; and - Frederick st. ¦-.-¦¦
NOE-ST. cottage for $3250; . between 17th and
•¦;. ISth: lot 25x110; 6 rooms, bath, high base-
ment; barn: ownet must sell: » make- offer
G. A. BERTON, 323 Montgomery st.
$16€0— 8-ROOM house with lot. 25x100; 35
.. Francis- st., Vj block' from . Mission . cars
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st. : :
2 NICE level lots on A St.. near 6th ave •
cheap.. Apply I. Burgoyne. 2110 Pt. Lobos av.
FOR tale — Lot 25x100, •; with 2-story building
store and 10 rooms and barn. Owner. 133C
Alabama st. J
THE ;||f CALL
JOHK P. SPBECKEI.S. Proprietor.
Attrsss CGE-MiEaUcE'riaTQSs'EcErDGHT. Kanager
XV. J. MARTIN .business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department Vou Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to ~l Stevenson »t.
Delivered by Carriers. 2* Ct*. Per Week. 75
Ct* Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Ttrrr.s by Mall. Including Postage (.Cash With
UTier) :
DAILY CALL (iTKliid. .Sunday). 1 year.. $8.00
DAILY CALL tlnclud Sunday*. <i mos.. 4 00
DAILY CALL— Uy Single Month 75c
MNIJAY CALL 1 Year 2f>0
U_S_ _T CALL. 1 Year l.W
„-_,_.. Oail> . .SS.SO Per Year Kxtrs,
™"?'^ -f Sunday. 4.10 Per Year Extra
POS1AO_ (.weekly. l.W I'ef Year Extra J
ALL POSTMASTERS -ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCUIPTIONS.
temple Copies wi!l I* forwarded when re-
quested.
lia.! *utr.scril>ers in i.rdering change of *<1-
<5r»i<« fchould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD -ADDRESS in order to insure a \
rrempt and ccricct con.pliance with their re- i
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
111S Broadway Telephone Main 1CS3
nrCHKELEY OFFICE. i
2:*« Cei;t«r te-.ictl Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON ~COnRE.= KONDENT. i
Mul; }<_'.\' £.". CRANE !4<Jtt G Street. N. W.
NKW YORK NEWS STANDS: !
fVt— orf-A*— r— Hotel; A. Br'tano. 31 I
Valve Hvaaxm: Hurra? Hill Hotel; nrth-ave-
Cut liyl-.i MSaJ IiclTman HuUie.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sl-.or1.-4an iicuse: P. O. News Co.; Gres^
N'.rth*;r. Hotel: Tieniont House; Auiitcrium
Kou!; Paime:- Ho^se. j
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KRO«JNES.S..Marquette Building
"Long DlsLar.cc Te'.tplior.e. 'Central 2619." J
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN li. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TTORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAP.LTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, miner Market anr! Third streets; optn
until 12 o'clock every n!ght in the ye»T.
P.RAN<"H OFFICES:
827 Montgomerv street comer Clay; open un-
til n:3O p. m.
nr<f> Ha.trr i-trcet; open until 5:.".O p. m.
*vtf> McAllister ftreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
«15 Larkin street: open until 9:.'>o p. m.
1941 Mission ftreet; open until 1<i p. m.
£2<n Market street corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. m.
1O« Eleventh *treet: open until 9 p. m.
1O9(> Valencia ytreet; <pen jjntl! 9 p. m.
Nrrthean corner Church and Duncan streets:
open until 9 p. m.
Nonhw«<t corner o? Twenty-second and Ken-
tuck Ftreets; cren until 9 p. m.
?yn nilraore f.reet: o?fn t'ntll 9 p. m.
MEAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S Market «t.
SltiO.OOn — New modf-rn 5-siory brick apart-
rr«-nt lioute. pa* ing $12,430 per annum; under
a muntd Icafo; lot 4tixl37:6; on one of the
ben greets north of Market ft.; 2 blocks from
l*o?.rll and Msrkn *ts.
$110 (XO— Magnificent corner on East st.: a
tone's throw irom the ferry building; 84xl4'J,
with L to third : pontage.
fOo.W.tj — Handsome mw apartment house on
H*ton tt.: I>w rooms; 24 bathr; just completed:
strictly ud to date: pays Ji'.rjo per annum;
under a 10-year secured k»$e; lot 74:9xl37:fi.
$40,< (k; — Wjshington St.. rear East: B8:4ic
US. This property is improving: wonderfully.
*::0,<niO— Lot 75x1*7:6; north side of Pine St..
r.far foncs: elegant apartment house site.
f2tf.<sOO— '.i new modern flat* on O'Farrell St.:
close to Larkin; lot 27:0x130 to rear ftreet;
rent* *•„!*•.
CS3,«)U>— North side cf Howard St., bet. Sd
and ttfc: lot (XbtlMl
*-*<'..V>f; — ?> modern up-to-date flats: artisti-
««!ly planned and finished; well built; on a
llasonic-a\e. NW. corner: grand lot, 10x118:9:
only partially improved; present extremely low
lent* i*y $2'^U. •
H5.O00— JCE. corner 4th St.. near Harrison;
size 30KSS.
Ht.000 — 7 fl?.t<! on north side of Bryant St.,
n^pr :;«;: rr-nts S1-4V; lot «52:6xRO.
$12.<«<; — :; new molern flats on Oak «.. near
the Hark Panhanale: tents $l:aiS: lot 23x137 :«.
*12.(«»i — 2 modern residences on the best, parr
r.r Stelner at.; rents fl200; the lot alone, 60:6x
11**. is worth the asking price.
tlLOOO Rtati $12<*>: More and 3 flats on
Sutter St.: 2 yt-ars old; always rented; an ex-
ceptional fcancsln.
$10.<m;0 — 2 stores and Ti flats on Sth st.. near
i:rysnt: !ot runs through to rear street;, the
imrrov*m»nts are in excellent condition: brick
foundation, etc., and arc rented extremely low
Jor fttSO.
$-:sx\— <; fine flats, 7. 7. 7. 4, 4. 4 rooms; new
!-an!tary plumbing, etc:; in first-class rendi-
tion: rent* low for $Sf>4; large lot, 50x75; on
Sh'pley ft., near *ith.
J7IX.0 — nent« ?:»12: ?> fine flats: brick founda-
tiiu; excellent condition; on Clementina St..
near «>th.
»irr.%et — Handsome modern 2-story bay-win-
dow residence. 7 room* and bath; Octavia St..
near Bnadway: lot 25x137:6.
$-,0«/» — Corner near 4th and Bryant sts.: cor-
ner portion leased for 4 years: ground rent $20
P«r m<-nt!<; balance of improvements pay $20
per month.
jr^Vt) — Beautiful new modern cottage. 5
iwmF and bath, with basement flni»h«d as a
billiard room; on Tenth ave., near California.
$."lf>i — Cozy modern cottage. 7 rooms and
bath- In p*r*«Tt condition; on Dolores St.. near
2Ctr.: lot S0xI<X
j«Sfi<(_Rent 1372; " Jfood flats on Vallejo st.,
lie^r leavenworth: always rented.
jj-jki — cottage en Florida st., near 26th; lot
25 v- 10ft.
$1300 — A cozy cottage. 4 rooms and a good
bam: fruit trees and garden: lot 50x70: on
Anderson et.. near Cnrtland sve.
C. M WOOSTER CO . <>4S Market *t.
jjj;5fi — ON easy monthly payment* new 4-
r"^m and bath cottage; lots 50x100; only 1
block from care; it's a bargain.
$2250— 7"3 Andover ave.: new 6-room cot-
tage on easy monthly payments; take Mlsslon-
rt. ear to Crescent ave.. walk to Andover ave.
f22SO — 551 Pay Ft.: 4 rooms and bath; lot
33x114: easy terms; take yellow Misston-st.
car. ride to Sanchez.
$3500— 31% Alversdn et.: « rooms and bath:
new and modern; take Castro-st. car to AI-
varado tX.
JSOOft on installments; 7-room house and 3
lots, with stable, chicken-houses; only one
block from car linen.
ORCAR HETMAN, 14 Post st.
•?Oft— TWO level building lots near Mission
St.: cheap and easy terms.
*D5(i — Level building let on Army et.
SI 000— Building lot, Richmond district.
$550 — Building lot. Richmond district.
OSCAR HETMAN, 14 Tost st.
B. GETZ Room 22 Chronicle Bldg.
O— r.er and Dealer. '
New Let*. New Lets.
4Sth ave.. east line, facing the ocean.
Between K and L stl.
Graded ar.d fenced; ready to build on.
On Easy Monthly Payments.
See them at once. Choice and cheap.
$00 to $400 — Ocean Heights aniPBouIevard lots.
$300 to ttOQ — Graded 19th-ave. Boulevard lots.
$050 to IIC00— Chcice Sunset & Richmond lets.
f73 to $100 — Live! Ocean View lots; city water.
$150 \iz> — New Excelsior Homestead lots.
The Ccest in the district; city water.
$3000 to 55^00— Modern houses, and cottages.
Esiecdid Bargains <m Easy Tenrs.
Call at my office, room 22. second floor.
_ Chronicle Buildlns.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.. ~
205 Montgomery St.. opp. Mills bldg.
$7750— Marine view flats: lot 27:6x137:6 ft • 4-
4-r. r-ooms and bath; light and sunny
rooms: Green st.
$7700— Rents $312; 4 new up-to-date bay-win-
dow flat*, 4 ant] 5 rooms and bath and
basement: near ftth and Folsom.
$<.<00 — Grove s.t.. north side; 2 swell up-to-date
flats of C and 7 rooms and bath; very at-
__ . tractlie.
$7STiO— Rents $8S2: 6 flats: separate entrances;
perfect condiUon; near ZA i>t.
$.„«— -Three attractive hay-window flats, 6-«.
\-ie'| oomS; north side st.; choice marine
$<575O— The bank says |f« worth $8000 and has
a loan of $4000. which can remain; 8
rooms, hath, basement, servants' room.
etc.: few etess from Panhandle.
• KELSON'. JOHNSON & CO..
=0a Montgomery st.. opp. Mills Udg.
FOR eale— $2«»: ExTeufoa homestead ;~ hou«
', < u '? K)ms * nd b *th; modern improvements:
hiKh baitrme<m: wired for electric lighting;
open plumbing; one block from Mission cars
Inquire of owner at US London st. .
$14 ._*7~* N T W nat « ° r ° «»r>n:s. near Ptrk .
ttrlcuy moderu; rent* $122 50. Box 2_, Call,
REAL ESTATE— Conn trr—Fo^_ Sale.
$1000 — ltJO ACHES: 10 acres orchard: hous«.
cellars, corrals., plenty water year round;
flne pasture; pine and oak wood. ¦
$2000—24 acres in fruit; house, etc.;^ ¦*• m V'*
fn.m S. K; $1000 ca.-h. JOSEPH blKALB.
«;0 Market st.
•XX) close estate— Country place In center of
Montecilo Valley. Santa Barbara: nearly u
aerts: well located: good .x-room house aca-
ble. 8 sotxl vreUs. fruit ami shade; furnlshej
or unfurnished; at less than cost. Auurea*
box 34. Montecito. Cnl. .
FOR sale— A l.Vacrf fruit farm, near Hay-
wards; good location: good Improvements;
price reasonable. Call or address «1«» Nine-
teenth St.. Oakland. Cal. • __
$10 A MONTH buys a X0-acr« rarm.
$2OO profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. COS J «t.
WRIGHT & K IM BROUG H. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands. ttoclT rasches. orchards.
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
Icgues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «43
Market st. _.______———.
BUY a cheap home: send stamp for list: chick-
en ranches, alfalfa, stock, fruit and general
farms. W. J. WHITE. 20 Montgomery st.
ALFALFA our specialty: best alfalfa land at
$20 t>er acre: ditch and artesian water. P.
II. JORDAN CO.. 11« Montgomery st.
4S0 ACRES Improved; price $1200 or will trade.
Widow. 4.".« Parrott building. S. F.
gAJT MATEO REAL ESTAT—.
SAN MATEO ZHZZZI SAN MATEO
zzzzzzz
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESID—NC—
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence-
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
to see u« before buying. Investigate San
Mateo Park. The ideal property of them all.
Lots of about one acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to be most valuable. Sea our local
agent. Frank S. Gruznmon. San Mateo o£2c«
open Sundays.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 23 Post St.
SAN MATEO— BURLINGAME.
Best suburban homes near San Francisco;
no ferry; electric railroad now running; lots
and residences for sale: we can sell good lot»
as low as $500 each; we will b«* glad to sho^
them; we also have nome acreage land near by
as low aa flOO to $200 per acr*.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery st.. San Franciscot. Resident
agent. S. G. GOODHUE, Western Union T»l.
building. San Mateo.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTAT—.
POINT RICHMOND—
24 acres, for subdivision : highly Impror-d;
SO «cm on San Pablo ave.. at Ste««: also
land by the acre. Call for maps. eto.
HAIGHT. 401 California mt.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 323 Bush it., room
4. third floor.
WATER front lots and bargains: all traets:
maps, photos. «te. BELL. 417 Paxrott bldit.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$25,000—320 ACRES, 110 bearins grapes; «ton»
winery, cellars; modern machinery; Income
10 per cent.
$7.oOO— Large lot and brick bldg.; lh'«
town: fine Income, for bay, prope$ly or mer-
chandise.
$5.0<H) — Elegant modern flats. Just com-
pleted: well rented; exchange for vacant
lots Western Addition.
$1,500 — Cottag- of 7 rooms; 2 acres; live
town. Sen<\ stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE, 2rt Montgomery «t,, rm. 5.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
Beautiful home of H rooms, on flne corner.
l:i Linda Vista hills, to exchange for equal
value in Saa Francisco home; value $1500.
Nicely Improved grain ranch of 110 acres,
part fruit, in beautiful Contra Costa County,
to exchange for Income property ln Oakland;
value about ?0000.
HULCOMR, BREED & BANCROFT,
1WO Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
A 160-ACRE ranch with 35 acres In full bear-
lng orchard: house, barn etc to exchange.
P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 4S6 Tenth St.. Oak-
land. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
A— AMEDA REAL ESTATE.
•LOVELY HOMES AND THOICE LOC \TIONS
FOR SALE.
SEE FOR YOURSELVES.
PROPERTIES BOI'.vn TO INCREASE IN
SOME GOOD PROPOSITIONS WORTH IN-
VESTIGATING. 8_ CURE A HOME AND
LIVE IN ONE OF THE BEST CITIES IN
BARGAINS.
SlOOO buys 5-room cottage; nice lot: Willow st.
$:_5O buys great bargain; e-raom cottage; lot
r>Oxl5f>.
$2500 buys 5-room cottage; lot 50x272- partly
furnished.
$3000 buys elegant 6-room colonial house; rood
lot; new.
$3150 huy& 5 rooms, rartly furnished; lot 40x
100; must be sold.
$3500 buys beautiful 7-room home; a snas: ¦
. near trains and schools. ¦
SEE OUR BARGAINS. EAST TERM3.
$5500 buys a new modern 8-room house; _1
latest improvements; gas and electricity;
flne corner: best location.
¦ $6JC0 buys a great bargain in a 12-room hou*»j
. lot 50x207; on main line of electric car*;
must be sold.
HOMES BUILT. RENTED AX1> EX-
CHANGED.
EASY TERMS. BETTER THAN PAY—TO
RENT.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPACT.
16CO PARK ST. >,
TEL. ALAMEDA 490.
A HOME TOR EVERYBODY.
$1000— 5-room l*4-9tory cottag«; tot 25x101 s
terms.
$1000— 5-room 1-story cotta*»: lot ttalOOj
terms.
$1400— 5-room 1-story cotUg*; lot MxlOO-
terms. •
$1750 — 5-room 1-story cotta*-»; lot 2_125- _
cash.
$2150— 7-room 1-story cottage; lot BixiSO:
$500 cash. '*.
$2150— 5-room 1-story cottar*; lot 40x118 • *£
cash- m
$2300— «-room l-«tory cotta**; lot 80x130' %d
cash. im
$.1100^ — 7-room 1-stcry cottare; lot 80x150- U
cash. .-. .'
Two nice water front cottages on Central
ave., near station; bargains; larss list of realty.
For exchange for. San Francisco real estat*
a modern 7-room house In the best locality
Apply to A. R. DENKE. 1400 Webster st.
Alameda.
$22C0— PARTLY furnished:" a swell 6-room
modern cottage; in flne condition; don't
fall to see it.
$2300— Swell «-room cottage: lot 50x237; owner
must sell.
$3000 — New modern up-to-datu 6-room colonial
cottage; will accept $500 down, balanc*
at ?.:<> a month.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
1122 Park st.. Alameda.
FOR RENT OR FOR SALE.
R rooms; Central ave.; $3f>. .
1O rooms; Central »vm $35.
5 rooms; modern cottage; $13. . •-
8 rooms; furnished; f-.".
8 rooms; $31); new.
Whatever vou want we have.
W. K. CONGER A CO.. 1501 Park «t.
ELEGANT lot at a great sacrifice: 100x150*
either as a whole or In subdivisions: choics
location; sunny side of street, near school
and electric cars: all street work completed
H. G. MEHRTENS, corner Seventh st. and
Railroad ave.
$1400— e-ROOM hous*: large lot: near station
$ie00— R-nx)m cottage: lot 5Oxl50i. - »
*ltCt>— 5-room cottage; lot 30xlGH.
The above bargains must b« sold at one*
E. P. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park St.. Alameda]
HERE'S a bargain: cotUse of 5 large rooms
$250-0: I13U0 cash: street and sanitary im-
provements; superb marine view; .splendid lo-
cation. A. F. ST. SL'Rp;. Attorney, room
12i).s Claua SprcckeU building, flan Francisco. '
AI.A31KPA ROOMS. "
ALAMEDA— For rent, 2 or 3 furnished rooms'
housekeeping privileges. Boa 411. Call office!
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'XTS
BERKELET REAL ESTATE.
FOUR blocks of ground in BerkeleyTa^ 721
|a>.flw: this 13 the amount of indebtedness
on the property: a good Investment and tn ' ?
section of growing values. Inquire of XV v
mjssEU.. m o« !o ,»u «... kSVLSii;
RKAI, ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market St..
January 26, 1004, 12 O'clock Noon
At Our Salesrooms.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
S line ot Pine et., 112:6 ft. E. of Taylor; lot
20x137 :«. feet; No. - 923 Pine St.; 2-story and
basement resiJence, 12 spacious rooms; nomi-
nal lent of $50; lot adjacent recently sold for
f 14.C0O; exceptional site for apartment house.
McALLISTER-ST. FLATS.
Nos. 1.146-4.8-50 McAllister St., W. of Stelner;
lot 27x137:0 ft. ; 3 magnificent new flats, 7-8-8
rooms, finished basement and attic; heavy
beamed ceilings in dining rooms, studded with
numerous fancy incandescent lights; spacious
bathrooms, tiling i ft. high around entire
rooms; rents ?16O per month.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 2440 Folsom St., S. of 20th; extremely
I large lrt, C0xl45 ft.; improvements, fine resi-
I dence of 10 rooms and bath; substantial stable
of 7 stalls, windmill, etc.; rented at nominal
liguie; mortgage $4000 can remain.
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 3017 Washington St.. W. of Broderlck:
lot 23x127 :$Yi ft.; elegant 2-story residence, 0
rooms and bath, brick foundation, high base-
ment; mortgage $3500 ran remain.
PROBATE SALE.
Nos. 510-512 Noe st., S. of 18th; 2 elegant
; flats rented to first-class tenants at $52 50» per
! mo.; sold to close the estate of George V.
Brotchie. deceased ; subject to the confirmation
of the Superior Court.
TF.HAMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 250-59 Vj, Tehama St.. N.E. of 4th; 25x80
ft.; Improvements, 2 first-class flats ot 4 and 6
rooms, renting for $35 per month.
BRODERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
W. line of Broderlck st., $2:6 ft. S. of Eddy;
Jot 27:6x100 ft.; property positively commands
and unobstructed marine view overlooking
I Golden Gate. • '
I MISSION HOME.
i No. 3773 20th St.. E. of Dolores: lot 25x114
[ft.; Improvements consist of residence 7 rooma
and bath and high basement; patent concrete
! sidewalk, bituminlzed street; mortgage $2000;
\ rented for $10 per month. •
¦ MISSION BUILDING SITE.
line of Fair Oaks st.. 100 ft. S of 25th;
| lot 50x115 ft.; property so situated that It
commands a magnificent view; most desirable
site for residence or flats.
NOE-ST. BUILDING LOT.
• E. line of Noe st., 28 ft. S.' of Ford, between
l<th ar.d ISth sts.; lot 25x100 ft.; desirable
building site in a delightful part of the Mis-
sion warm twit.
FOURTEENTH-ST. CORNER.
S.E. cor. 14th and Natoma sts.; lot 25x74 ft.:
improvement*, store and 2 living rooms and flat
or o rooms above; rents $50; room at rear of
lot to erect two more flats facing Natoma st.
MISSION BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
«*'• " ne of San Jose ave.. near Guerrero and
-8th sts.; Nos. C63 to W57V,; 2 elegant stores
anu _ nne flats of 5 rooms and porcelain bath
each; new gas fixtures; wooden mantels, etc.;
almost new; lot S6:SxS7:10 ft.; rents $71 per
month.
For further particulars apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
_ 638 Market St.
£orn& EI 'E RIDGE * c0 - Market st
$oJ,COO— Magnificent newly improved NE. cor-
ner in the b#st portion of AVestern Ad -
.o!' 0 "; renta I72C0 a year; mortgage of
f-j.ooo can remain.
I $-ii,C00— Polk-st. business investment: 3-story
I building; almost new; 2 stores and 4
flats; present rents low at $175 per mo.;
could easily be increased; lot 40 feet
'rw-ni fr ° nta S<?: do not fail to investigate.
?_.otu— unward-st. corner near (!th St.- .17:8
1 ft, frontage: stores and 4 flats; present
t-v) r,,J*y s , vcry low at *!30 per month
,$20,^00— Taylor-st. -corner; near Geary st.:
nominal Improvements; mortgage $12 f.OfJ
«Lt 8 per cent can remain; this property Is
outside the flre limits; frame apartment
house- could be made to pay hand-
some !y.
I $10,400—40 ft. frontage, through to rear street
street; on Leavenworth. near Pine; Im-
provements. ;t flm-clasH flats and 11-
room residence; rented at $125 per mo :
; property in this vicinity Is rapidly ad-
«i'niwwi^5 Cln8: L th^ ~ Positively cheap
$10, t.100— Howard St.. near 1st; cheapest piece
in block to be had: 5 transfers made
since January 1 in this one. block; abso-
lutely certain to double in value in
short time.
$9,000— Fillmore St.. near Grove; residence 8
rooms and bath; lot 39 ft. frontage;
could be changed to 2*. flats at nominal
<oc**, ?,' l alone Tlor tn money.
•59.OOU— Russ st.. near Howard; lot 30 feet
fronta E e: improvements, substantial
building containing 10 rooms and baths-
«c .»r J1 rt ?.L ed as , , r °oming- bouse at $110 per mo
$S,.j0— Shotwell st.; 2 new flats less than 1
year old; 6 rooms and bath each; high
l-asenunt: marble steps; tiled sinks: bay- !
windows front and rear; perfect beau- j
ties; rents $70 per month. ¦ i
I *P.O0O— Rents $030 per year; Clementina st ,
I «-.^ u ' on: - hls ls a * afe Investment.
$..50l»— Bona-flde rents $1116 per year; 6 tene-
i ment fiats with separate entrances; N.
; of Market: building newly painted and
. otherwise in flrst-class condition; brick
foundation, etc.; permanently rented-
must be sold to relieve owner from large
| blanket mortgage. .
I $C,750— Business corner: 14th st., near Mis-
I Sion^ tore and flat a °ove; rents nominal
at $000 per annum; rear of lot could be
improved with 2 flats and be made to
pay handsomely. .
$3,500— Mission cottage; Dorland st. near Do-
b°a r , e h; : ,arge°, n ot Warm beU: 5 rOOma and
$2,250— Cheap corner lot; SW. corner Bu.
$1500 Ru?irfln£ d V°» mbar<1 " tS ' : 30xU0 feet "
?1,5W— Building Jot: commands beautiful
view. Ashbury Heights; a sacrifice
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO.,'
63S Market st.
j McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
mwthV'prtc"" $4250/ * flat8: rCnted f ° r '** P""
COLONIAL FLATS. *
New building; 2 fine new flats close to the
pa . r ., : on , ma!n street: R and 6 rooms; beamed
ceiiinss in dining-rooms and hall; splendidly
finished throughout; > gas and electric lights,
marble steps, etc.; price $7250.
SUNNY MODERN FLATS
On Clay st., near Baker; 6 and 7 rooms attic
$7T5 ° per fflonth:
! PANHANDLE COTTAGE,
i . W «.£!? d *' rn - "P-to-date; 7 rooms and bath;
price $4350; street bitumen.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
«¦„ « W « m r? dern £? ts: 6 roomR e «»ch; all rented
for $5b 50 monthly; price $5750.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Five rooms and bath; 2 lots. 50x121: near
Eighteenth St.; close to cars; only $2500.
BERNAL HEIGHTS.
Near Mission st. : good corner; B0x70 feet-
only $750: owner very anxious to sell
Pretty building lot on north side 'of Lake
St., running back to Mountain Lake Park-
29:6 feet front; crice only $1500.
BARGAIN.
5-room cottage, with bath; In good condition-
Holly Park Tract: reduced from $1400 to $1100
to make quick sale; must be sold in the next
few days; rented for $12 per month.
LOOKING INTO THE PARK.
On Frederick St., near Stanyan; lots 27:6x
137:C; bitumen street work and sewer being
done at expense of owner. These lots at the
prl<-e are positively the cheapest ln the city
will go to $10« per foot In a few months; now
offered at $1750; 3 flne modern buildings now
being erected on this property.
. ' BUSINESS CORNER. .
Right downtown:. 25: 10x60 feet: old buildings-
rented for $G6 monthly; will certainly Increase
In value.
ON FIRST.
Near Howard; lot 23:6x137:6: Improvements
rent for" $63; rents should be raised; price
$10,000.
-Send for list of cheap lots in all parts of
the city.
MeAFEE BROTHERS!
1 . IPS MONTGOMERY ST.
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG & CO.
• Room 2, Seventh Floor. Mills Bldg.
$90,000^ — Fine corner; new 5-story building;
ttores and aoartnients; one tenant;
lease 0 years to run; well secured; will
pay full 7 Der cent net. - - .
$40,000 — Six flats on California St.. east of La-
cuna; large lot. 68:t>xl37:6; 8 and 7
rooms each.' These flats have just been
put in first-class order; modern style,
sanitary plumbln? and combination fix-
lures; all ready for renting; should bring
$3780 per year. -
$7,500 — Lovely home on College Heights: new
building: ud to date throughout; superb
corner lot;, sunshine in abundance on
even' side;. extensive views.-
$6.000 — Willard St., south of > Parnassus ave.;
modern residence, 7 . rooms. • bath, etc.;
. very convenient; lame lot; sunshine in
i^ * every room. •
$4,000 — First ave..' bet. Golden Gate ave. and
Turk st.: house Just finished; up to date;
not occupied: 0 large rooms, toilet, bath-
¦ room, etc.
$C,500 ench — Two new buildings: '. two flats
each; 7 and 7 rooms; all rented, $30 e«-:h;
thes-e are Just finished and up to date
in every particular.
$0,500 — Two new up-to-date flats on the corner
of Second ave. and C st. ; one of 10
-rooms rnd one of 7 rooms; rents $960
/ per year. ¦ -" ¦
Two fine properties on. Taylor st.. not far
from Market. Particulars at office.*/. •:
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG & CO..
I MILLS BUILDING.
1 ELEGANT, residence; 2427 Green st., near
Scott; grand marine view:' 10 rooms; en-
trances on two, streets. Lobos . st.,-- Ocean
View; 4-room cottage; lot 25x125; $000; $KK>
cash, balance $0 60 per month. W. N. RUS-
. SELL, 301 California St., San Francisco,
Cal. : . -
BUILD on your unimproved- realty;' we. loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN. CO.. Crocker building.
REAL ESTATE--C1TY — FOR SALE.
CHATFIELD & VINZEST.
$10 per acre — 5000 acres perfectly level sandy
loam foil; suitable for alfalfa, grain or stock:
all under a complete irritation system; well
fenced and good buildlnes; must be sold.
$S per acre — 8200 acrss on line of railroad
north of San Francisco: all fenced: common
buildings; 2000 acres plow land, balance rolling
and plenty ot fine oak timber and water.; terms
ea?y.
$17 50 per acre— 9000 acres all No. 1 land
for grain, hay and about :XX) acres suitable for
alfalfa: fronts 5 miles on Sacramento River
and runs back to railroad: one-half cash, bal-
ance 5 per cent Der annum.
' $12,600—126 acres very choice river bottom
land: near good town; Sacramento River;
house; 2 large barns; now rented for $12 5O
per acre.
6000 acres choice San Joaquln River bottom
land; thoroughly leveed; flne Improvements:
1C00 acres choice rye grass; balance rents from
$12 50 to $20 per acre; sale price $ICO per acre;
no such land ever offered before less than $250
per acre; see thia at once.
$12,S00 — 12S0 acres land, 4 miles from town
and good market; 700 acres level: all well
fenced and cross-fenced; 2 good houses; flne
barns: water piped from springs throughout
buildings; 70 head choice cattle; 2 horses;
complete lot farming Implements: household
furniture; personal property valued at $3000;
will sell land without personal property.
$7000—100 acres choice valley land; Napa.
County: house, 8 rooms; hard finished; 2 large
barns; fine windmill and tank: family orchard;
will produce alfalfa, vegetables, hav and grain;
oat-half cash, balance to suit.
Grand townalte proposition. 40 miles from
San Francisco; large factory ln full operation,
employs over 20O men steady: land all sur-
veyed and street laid out: hotel and other
buildings now built; owner going to St. Louis;
must sell this week; call for particulars.
Estate sale; 200 acres all choice land; Con-
tra Costa County; adjoining town; finest piece
ever offered; call for full particulars at office.
Wanted. «mall Improved chicken orchard and
home farms for sale; send us what you have
at once.
Several flne orchard properties ln Santa Clara
County, ranging in price from $3500 to $20,000;
send for complete descriptions and locations.
$18CO — 46 acres: well located: Marin County:
near Novato; suitable for poultry; will sell tn
two parts.
Also several 10-acre tracts on Horns and
Farm Company's lands near Black Point, from.
$15 to $25 per acre; easy terms; also 2 finely
located 5-acre tracts fronting on Petaluma
Creek for hunting clubs; one-third cash.
CHATFIELD & VINZENT,
228 Montgomery st.. S. F.
SPECK & CO.. _,
667 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY,
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
- Full Charge Taken of Property.
17 PER CENT NET INVESTMENT.
$175,000— Modern 6-story brick building: se-
cured lease to one tenant. $1400 per
month: bank mortgage, $05,000, can
lemain; by assuming mortgage, pa>s
17 per cent net: lot »5S:9xl37:B.
CORNER NEAR MARKET ST.
$130,000— First-street comer; new brick build-
ing; 10 years' lease to one tenant; 9400
square feet floor space; a very choice
GREAT WAREHOUSE SITE.
$100,000 — Corner: Townsend street: 2 • 5x2. 5
feet, rallrcad frontage; no better sita
to be had; $97,000 refused at auction.
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS.
$45,CKX> — Lot 82x275; two frontages; 106 rooms;
rents $350; one tenant; can be easily
leased ot $400.
PACIFIC-AVENUE RESIDENCE.
$17,5C0— Cheapest buy on Pacific avenue:
fcplendld residence; 15 rooms and J
baths: lot 31*129.
POLK-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$20,000 — Stores and lodging-house; rents $15.-
000- Jot 30 feet frontage: pays over »
per cent; $10,000 bank mortgage can
remain. '¦
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$1C,5CO— O'Farrell street, east of \an Ness
avenue; pays 10 per cent net by as-
suming $fWXX) bank mortgage; rents
$115; lot 27:6x120; two frontages.
BIG INTEREST-PAYING FLATS.
$25 0C0 — Corner; AVestern Addition; rent3
$230; lot 37:6x85.
$22 600— One-half block from Market stre_et;
rents $171; fine Improvements; lot nx
100; Improvements modern.
$10,000— Annual rents $21S5; Golden Gate
Park: modern bay-window fiats: lot
60x137:6; ni> better buy In Western
Addition. , - .
$16,000— Geary street: 3 new bay-window nat3,
east of Larkln street; rents $125.
S10.0CO— Two beautiful Post-street flats: close
to Goueh street; 30 feet frontage; al-
ways rented; yearly rents $D00.
$9,600— McAllister-street flats; rents $3C0
yearly: lot 25x137:6.
$9.250— Rents *9« 50; business property, near
Sixth and Harrison streets; lot has two
$6,500— Yearly rents $924: Ritch street; lot
42x75; pays 14 per cent net.
$5 000 — Must be sold to close estate: Wash-
ington street: lot 50x112:6; worth $9500.
$5,000— Yearly rents $G24; 2-story building
and stable for 6 horses.
$4 600— Two Sutter-otreet flats: 5 and 6
rooms: lot 25xt:<7:6: a good buy.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Street.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE .COMrggT ~
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS. I
$26 000^ — A corner on Gough st. In Pacific
Heights.* district: 6 new flats renting for
$202 50 per month.
SUTTER-ST. APARTMENT SITE.
$26,000—35x120; Sutter st., near Larkln, run-
ning through to Fern ave.; In the best retail
locality of the Western Addition; $100, OOO
apartment-house in course, of construction ad-
joining.
VALLEJO-ST. FLATS.
$15.<XK) — 27:6x137:6; Vallejo st., near Leav-
enworth; 5 new flats, renting for $140 per mo.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
$12,500— 25xS6:ll; Devlsadero St.. near
Turk; 3- new flats, renttng for $100 per month.
NEW FILLMORE-ST. FLATS.
$000o — Four new bay-window flats of 4 rooms
and bath each, renting for $S5.
FELL-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
$14,000— 100x137:0; Fell st.. between Fillmore
and Steiner; In lots _to___It.
COR. 11TH AVE. AND LAKE ST.
$7500 — 72x107:6; NE. cor. 11th ave. and Lake
st. ; coming fashionable section of the city.
VALLEJO-ST. CORNER, -o. - v ,
$7500— NW. cor. Vallejo and Pollard: Im-
provements consist of flats renting for $68 per
month. '.*
UNION-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$5200 — 41:6x125; Union St.. near Van Ness
PINE-ST. INVESTMENT.
' .$5000 — 25x127:6 to rear street; Pine st.,
near Webster; front and rear houses.
GREEN-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$5000—51:6x137:6; Green, east of Octavia,
MISSION HOME.
$4500—30x122:6; Capp st., near Eighteenth:
2-story bay-window residence ol 7 rooma and
bath, renting for $35 per month.
MARIPOSA-ST. HOUSE.
Two houses of B rooms ,and bath each on
Marlposa st.. near Bryant: renting for $3O per
month; street accepted; no reasonable offer
will be refused.
CHEAP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOTS.
$1650 each— 25x137:6; an unsurpassed line of
lots on either Clayton or Carl sts.; only a few
more left in this block.
W. J. GUNN, ~~
830 California st.
(Savings Union Building).
$1750 — Union, sunny aide, near Broderlck: 25x
1C0; marine 'view; easy terms; $250 first
payment; easy Installments; ready for
building.
$3300 — Corner on Union St.; 25x110.
f23.'>0 — SE. cor. Webster and Filbert sts • 25x
100; $150 first payment; a few stepa from
the Union and Fillmore st. cars.
$3225— NW. cor. Lake st. and Fifth ave •
27:6x100; $150 first payment; Sacramento-
«t. cars pass every few minutes.
$1900—2 choice lots. 50x130. E. line of Elev-
enth ave.. Just N. of Clement st.. with the
marine view. ,-
$400— Choice lot; ready for building; Twenty-
first ave.. near Point Lobos ; 25x120.
$4000— Very cheap; Point Lobos ave. corner-
45x100; 2-story well-built house; store on
corner; close to 3 lines of cars; a grand
bargain. • - '
J.175O — Clement st. : 3 business lots: 26x115
$6500— Larkln: 2 flats; 7 rooms and bathroom
ln each: marine view; 41:3- foot frontage -
rents $45. •
$50,000— Pacific, Heights: 2 corners; 273_137-8-
grand marine view.
. -, , W. J. GUNN. 530 California. »t.
LOTS. N or S side of Golden Gate Park. du»-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 830 California »t.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays thi
highest pries for buildings and will wreck
the largest buildlns completely " within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
its., office and yard.
$900— COTTAGE. 1 rooms: lot 25x100; near
Folsom-st. cars: a snap. Mission Realty
Co.. - Twenty-ninth st.
$2800— RENT «3O; 3 flats. 4 rooms eachTTn
\allejo. nr. Leavenworth. Inq. 1123 Vallejo.
VAN^fESS ave.— 50-.foot lot; swrll location!
$6500. Inquire P. O. box 21S7; bargain.
LATEST .system sanitary plumbing. phon*
Ahlbacn & Mayer, plumbers, S56 Howard st.1 THE SAN FRANGISCO. CALL. SUNDAY. JANUARY 17. 1004.
41
{ PERSONALS.
A — DID you se« the lady's faca
In drucstore windows ?-
One side young and beautiful
The ether old and wrinkled.
Examine this real and 1 wonderful"-
Work now at my office.
M. ELLA HARP.:?.
My prices reduced one-half for a few days
longer. •" *
Don't miss this exceptional offer.
Call or send for book free.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
Chemist and Skin Speclahst, 7S1 O'Farreil.
PRIVATE instructions riven to cersor.s de3- J
clent In social manners and guarantee to
enable- them to fM at si- a-.! at heme at
- parties, balls or any other social functions:
correspondence strictly private: can only
Instruct two mere purlin aa rr.y time .j
limited. Address box 407. Call.
GRADUATES oi New Tori Schocl cf Maasmg*.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths: tec*
vibrating machln* fcr rheumatism; resuina
tuba, hot and cold water: trained nan«t as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Marrts. 40n O?ary.
THE Star Ri!r Itetnerfy restores gray hair, im-
proves :;» growth, stops falling, cure* ds,3<Jr_C
a K.I Itching- scalp; no staia or stlclclneaa;
cleanses scalp; at drugr?ists'. hairdressers';
¦xept no substitute Star P.«s:dy Ca. 1&3
Polk st.
A NEW Idea tn Jtwslry asd Central Aaertcaa
curies. Indian rurtains. vaperies. shawls.
etc.; the cnty store In the city taat earns*
this. FROWISS & SON 1233 Poik. nr. Surtsr
NOT how cheap but how- good is Us inotta oS
the manufacturers of tha Ra?id Rctary
Standard the ssar_s-inach!3» cf t»-dar. J.
W. EVANS, agint, 1021 Market St.
i PHTSICIAN 13 years' experter.ee. cures per-
manently inoryhir.e. cocaine hviir. Call or
1 address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grass *r«..
corner 8utur st.: fe« moderate
! RAO carpenta wove to order and for sale; alao
I chenille-wove rugs, silk portl*r«s; dealer ia
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowes:
rate*. G*o. Matthew^ 700 Fifth St.. OakiancL
! INFLAMMATORY rheumatism anJ gout Cured
In 2 days. Call or aJJress 113S Folsosi •:..
S. F. ; telephone Fc!scm »l«9.
( SPKCIAL OFTEK for 1 mo.; ladles' suits _aJ»
to order: first-class work: $10; with matertai
furnished *2» up. At M. WILSOX. 330 Geary.
j DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all imgi d!»T
eases coaltively cured by Willow Bark Co..
¦ 1339 Polk st. ; con3Ul:aticn free: call or writs.
I LIQUOR hat:: cured in 2 days or no chargas;
ftxarmntced. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 89? Mar-
j ket st.. rocm 203; phons South 751.
• AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and troupers at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Taller. 721 Market st. - *
JIMMY CARROLL'S Academy cf Ecx'.ng and
Physical Tralnlns School Is at tha
; Lurlfhe- Baths.
I "FREE Test" — 3 deaf mutes, numerous "total-
ly" deaf resto»ed; "Ephphatho's" (drug>ss>
treatment. 417 Yi Pine st.
. WANTED — The owner of E. L. ca Third or
Union st. to call at 912 McAllister st.
POULTRY NEWS. 25c a year: KMstrated: it
pays. Box A. W., New BrunswlcSc. N. J.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. SO Sut-
ter. r. 6CO. Miss Eaton. 2X> Geary, ryoxa 3X.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, mojes perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson, 133 Post.
DANCINO Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. San-
day *vgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st.. near
•th; Prof. Fcst-r; society dancing tasght.
Bon- Marche Pants Co. : special J" pants to r r-
«ier. Rooms 14 A 13. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drrgnaa 44.
masquerade coctum^s. pia? books, wigs;
country orders GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
I SUPERFLUOUS haJr & msles re=iov»d by elr:-
[ trio needle. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Marxst.
' TAILOR-MADE nalt »7 3O; dress pants $2 Sol
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bus!> and Dupcnt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural coicr: H: at all drugf^sts'.
j ~" PALMfiTHY.
; MMS. DEVAS. scIeatlSc p*'.— irt and astrolo-
gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
; press. $1: open Tuesday eve. alsa.' 1Z» Post st.
j READ on rape r?2 of a strasje case and re-
( covery ty advice of ISMAR. the wonderful
gypsy.
MME. NEEP.GARD. located at 212 Post: hours
1 to 5 c_tty. Fhoca James 1. Classes.
' H. JEROME FOSHLLL scientlflc tahaist. 313
Taylor st. n»ar Geary. Fhor.e Placlc 531.
rUVMtlA.VS AAD SURli_O.\9.
DB cl C O'DONNELL— Of ice and resldeac*.
102m Market st.. bet. titli and 7th; paxtlea-
, I lar attention paid to diseases or womta.
I DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from OrienJ-
. • Now at SE. ccrner Geary and Tay!or sts,
1 BLOOI> skin and rectal _*_a a special^.
, I DR. BALL. 1C73H Market *U
j REMOVK> — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
¦ treats all diseases of ths bur.ia body; for
! past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
! cated at CG7 Geary st.. near Leavtawcrta,
, DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po>
Tai. herb doctor, cares all diseases ot iumaa
| by use of herts and teas. 727 Washington st.
I WONG WOO. the farao_ herb doctor— All dis-
| saaes etired br Chlnen» berhs 745-* Clay st.
! SKWIXG MACHHE3 AID SUPPLIES
' . NEW HOME — Se« our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10. $13. $20; second-
hand. $3. $3. $3: all styles; guaranteed. New
, Hoir.a Sewing Machino Co.. lc*l Market St.
j$18 5«> — NEW improved drcp-head nlckel-flnisli.
¦ guaranteed 10 yra. : 2d-hand sewing mazhtnea
<2 50. $3. $4. 143 «th St.; tel. Jessie 313ft.
STORAGE
I A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. : fui—turi.
ho— «hohl goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. cr. Third; chona Grant 181.
PIERCE-ROIOLPH Storage * Mcjvlng Co.. of-
£ce Post and Powell ats. : tel. Prive. Ex. 371.
j CONKLIN'S storags — Furniture and merchaa-
i dlse. 333 Gulden Gats ave.: phona East U«.
I GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: S-l>
• Mlistcn st. : tel. Howard ML F. W. 2«hfu«s.
: PACIFIC Storage asd Furniture Moving Com-
' pany. 2320 Fillxnors St.; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montjo_ery
«t.: t*I. Main 1W. Fhirsplar at cut rates.
| STOCKS AND BOXDS FOR SALE.
! CASH offer wanted for 1000 shares Colu_bi»
; Oil Co.. 1500 share* Shasta May Blossom
Copper Mining and Smelting Co. Address)
box 1004. Call office. OaBland. --
___ TYPEU'RITEIU J^PPLrES.
, AN exceptionally good No. t Remington. No. 1
ftnlth Premier. 123; other typvwritera st
higher and lower prices : rentals $2 SOl Th*
Typewriter Exchange. E38 California st.
¦ A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. UA iloat-
gozaery st. , . '
A typewriter at any prt:»: agents Fsy-Sool**.
S1C0; Sun. S40: Commercial. S3.V Portal, (23.
' CUNNINGHAM. CURTIS3 & WEX. CH. '
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented. rvpalr«d.
j Wehsfr Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 808 Market.
dTvidexd soticej.
THE Phceelx. Savings. Bolldina; and Loan As-
sociation. 514 California St.. San Francisco.
has declared a divid^id for the six mentha
. ending December 20, 1903, at the annual ra:a
of 9 per cent on general capital stock. 0 per
¦ cent en term certificates and 4H per cent ca.
I savings accounts, the latter beins withdraw-
1 able up-.-n the same general terms and coai:-
tlcns as are psual with savings banks.'
The I'hoeoix.has a paid in capital of- $1.-
: 00O.0CO and a reserve fund and surplus of.
r $210.C00. Ita directors are: A.- A. WatScins.
1 president; Charles R. Bishop, rice president;
¦ • ,8.. Preatlas Smith, treasurer;.- Clarence
» Gnr.'f. secretary and managina; director;
. . Gavin McNab. attorney; Charles _, Ladd and
> George C Bcardman.
> SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Horns Bu::j.
» tns Society. SO> floor. Mutual Savings Bank
* ; building. 708 Market st, oppesit* Third— •
Fcr th* half-year ending; 31st of Dece_oe-
1903, a dividend has been dec!a.-*d at th*
4 rate per annum of (12) twelve per can: ca
I capital «fock and participating certiflcst's.
' free ef taxes. payabl« on and after 'SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1804. JOSEPH A. LEON'-
; ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAICI. S-c/etarr.
\ ¦ LEGAL ADVERTlSEMEyrsi
* CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
F1BST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BOND*3_
, Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant to th»
provision of Article Eight of rb**_ortcajc«
from thU Company to the Central Tru« Cota.
t pany ct New York. Trustee. da:el August L
1S9». this Company haj set apart out mt _•
. net Income derived by It from th* lines of
rallrcad therein ocortgased the *v_ of Twsa-
; ty-five thcosand Collars in trust to b« mt l
, I to redeem said tosds, and tnat touia lssu-i
. I under said mortgage will b« redeemed th«r<v.
i . with and bids are hereby lavltrd for _e sur-
reader of such bonds at prices to b" r.»r=ei by
t the bidders, to toe amenct revuistt? ta ex-
haust .said sum. Sue!) oi.Ij should b* pr*-'
- ! seated to this Company at- its oi9c*. U»
t j Broadway. In the City of Nsw Ti>r'*. nor
> ! before the 1st Cay cf February. 1904, at
; tweftt o'clock noon, ici should be Indorsed
."Bids for Surrender of. Centra! Padfla Rall-
. • way Compaq First Refunding BonJ*.**
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY -COMPANY.
By E. H. HARKIMAN. rr_:i*au
* X#w York. Jazuta— ¦ & 19O4.
e ¦ — — — i « —-— — — — ¦ — — <
Ir cr A.ddit:oiia: Clasalfled AtlTcrtUsnuats
£es Pa?s 43. • m
: TACIAX. SCA83AO1U
A — wrixkLES removed : One complexion sraar-
an:«jed; new method; 60c M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors, 764 Lark in St.; phone Polk 17.
LWESTMEXTS.
EONDS. STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dividend-paying securities for sale.
-GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market'. St.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femal*
complaints: Instant relief- guaranteed: 30
years' experlesce; removed to 820 Post at.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for an fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S«4 Market st.. opp. Sta.
VALPEAU'S female pills; beat regulating pills
to'.J; - price S2 60 by express.- -. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets: price 15. By express
only on receipt of prlc*. OSGOOD- BROTH-
. ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
'Broadway. Oakland. : , ¦
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
tn trouble ccr.sult this specialist on femals
complaints: positively corrected; th* unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
•dvlc« free. Office. 1018 Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cored; new method: 1 week'* treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngbam. 204 Sutter st.
TJrs. Goodwin. '733 Tuifc. nr. Van — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5:- 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles"
specialist: a private horn* before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 299S Folsom \ St.. corner
26th: ladles, relief cr no fe«; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment: 112G Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell st. opposits
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
| MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SALE.
' BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
; TOSH * WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont *t.
THY ASBESTOS roof paint and b« convinced
. that it ia the only paint that will stop all
l«aka In any rocf. either metal or shingle; U
Is also the best preservative paint for all new
cetal and shingle roofs, and makes tha roc!
last over twice as lone than painted with
any ether paints: It has no equal. Office. 41J»
California *t., room 21; telephone James 3I1S.
E>OES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repain it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
neeus no painting or coating; good over old
Ircn. tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
jgLATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market *t.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engine*, pumps.
pulleys, chaftlng. etc.. etc. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H.. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-133 Beale St.
A FIRST-CLASS, large burglar-proof Waits
safe In perfect condition: price |500; cost
*10CO. Apply to S. S. AUSTIN, Real Estate
Agent, Twenty-thtrd ave.. East Oakland.
FOR sale — Oil drums and barrels; also 200-gal-
lon square galvanized and 400-gallon Iron
tanks. GEORGE PARTRIDGE tt CO.. 123
California St.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. S2 SO. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlon, 238. Kearny sl,
;«ar Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to flbon.
A — Buys, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, bcllera. water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 233-255 Spear st.
A FINE selection of trunks, salt cases and
tailor-made suits sold on small weekly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing Parlon, 25 Stockton.
FOR sale — Beautiful sealskin; tame as new;
bust 32 to 34; cost $200; for $100. 320B
Telegraph ave., Oakland.
A HANDSOME new Persian baby Iamb pIUow
n-iuff and large stole; cost S100; accept 130.
1006 Halght st.; ohone Page 718.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cqst;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
tent free. R. E. Revalk £ Co., San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 60 _it*. $1 SO.!
Popular Price Hatter, 230 Kearny st-. near
Pice; open to 9 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and Jl SO pair;
fcot-form shoe* at %'£ SO; w« pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
3^c ROLL and up; fine wall paper; sample*
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGA N. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
SEQUOIA bark. 50 In. thick, suitable for exhl-
bitlon. For particulars apply to J. REHN-
STROM. 91SH Mission st., room 1.
A %-KARAT diamond ring: old. mln* stone;
finest color; Tiffany setting; ¦ great bargain. I
Mayflower, SOS Third St.. room 16. 1 to 8 p. m.
i SECOND-HAND 2*i H.P. Holly motorcycle.
In good running order. Call "or address F.
1 1 HERRGUTH, 350 Ninth ave.
i GLENMORE pigeon lofts, Fourth it., near
1/ Jones ave., Elmhurst. • Cal. — Fancy pigeons;
' . come and see before buying. .
FINE automatic sewing machine; also Domes-
tic; $10. GSOVj Natcma tt., rear, Sunday
• and Monday.' : *
! A GOOD cow, giving four gallon* rich milk
j . per day: cheap. 40S9 Twenty-sixth St.
SLOT machine; Dewey; first -class condition;
$30. 1504 Seventh st.. Oakland.
SWELL up-to-date sleeping carriage for sale.
205 Turk st.
S GREAT Dane bloodhounds for sale. 404
Carolina st.
STAMP collection containing many rarities.
Box 463. Call office.
FOR sale — National cash register, half-price,
at 8C3 Bryant »t.. city.
SAILING ark far fishing and hunting. €23
Bush st., third floor, room 4.
MILES ot ripe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GE.VE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vailejo st.
SAFES and cash registers. ' new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 II. P. cheap. E. B. Beck A Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap: Chleagoes. Twentieth'
Centuries. Pecks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and safes; sec the complete lln« at ISIS
Market, ah. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 807 Battery *t.
NEW and second-hand machinery ot all kinds.
KROGH MFC. CO.. 619 Market St.
MOVING pictures. .macic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard St Breck. 131 . Post ¦ st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market St. - '
Edlion phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgahipi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and taunckes;
all sues. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
ASK for price* on second-hand typ«writen: ill
makes. ALEXANDER It CO.. 110 Montg y.
' A BRANCH office of The Call for th* reception
of advertisements and subscription* has been
opened at 1 COS Market at., opposit* Fifth.
Open until 11 t>. rn.
BUSCELLAXEOPS WAXTS. '
WANTED— 500 second-hand roller skates In
good condition; sive loweat price and full
part leu! us. E. P. RAWLINGS. Fresno, .Cau.
VANTED — To buy «v steam merry-go-round
In pood order. Address box 459, Call office.
WANTED— Second-hand roller desk; must b«
cheap. Addresa box 403/ Call.
I WANT to buy a cornet cheap. Address
Cornet. 424 Ivy ave. ¦
WANTED — To rent, upright piano; S2 month.
Box 92, 1C04 Market st.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St.; phone Jessi* 3741. or portal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
' i
TIL, TON wants good second-hand clotalng .and
theatrical good*. 164 9th *t.; tel JessU 283L
MOXEY TO IQAJi. .
AAA— HERMAjT MURPHY^
eOl-602-603 Examiner buUdla*.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate*, second mortgage*, undivided inter-
ests, assignment* of rents, property In trust.
etc: leradea, life estates and undivided In-
terests in prooerty purchased. -
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Wh«n You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
%t ' - t . '.- . .- WlUi JLiCJA^I
A reasonable amount on
1st. M or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
- - " - Chattel*. - In city," town
. ./ • -.< or -country. - '
Ixiw rate of interest.
Give fall particulars
: of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 406. Call office.
MONET leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters. ' boardln*- houses, without
security;- easy payments; largest business la
1 49 principal cities. Tolman. S&3 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY rtscecMblA private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamond*. Jewelry, at a
"per *ent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market: tel. Mala 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no rsmov-
; al, n= commission, no publicity ; $23 up; quick.
- private, confidential. 2tf Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low : Interest; cold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth tt.
'•¦ MOJrKV TO I.O.m— Castlmtd. (
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant avsc.
y LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method— To wage-earners on unln-
dorstd notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loaa
¦ Company, room* 43-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture: Indorsed notes and other security. S. T.
Discount Agency. 143 Phetaa bntldtag.
ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per c«3t
mo. 6. F. Collateral Loan Bank. Mi Kearny.
AT lowest rate* on furniture and piano*; -Ariel
privacy ;no commission installments accepted.
B0NELLI. 301 Eddy. Conasrvatory building.
*"t ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81.9 Eddy »t.
1 PER cent on furnitor* or piano. 100O llu-
tcal Savings Bank bldg.. 7CS Market «t.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loana- money u
salaried employe*. R.311. Mutual SaT. Bk-bld.
ANT rum on furniture or pianos: no removal;
lewest rat*: easy payment*; no commission.
1170 Markrt St.. roam C8. ¦
CASH loaned *a!*rled people on notes -without
indorw. MORELL. 6np Examiner building.
MOXEY ¦ WANTED.
WANTED— $7C0 at 10 per cent interest; ele-
~.nt town lots in Saa Mateo County. Box
644. Call office. ¦ £k-
WANTED — Money from private party on gllt-
edge security. Dox 435. Call. .
MEMCAIi raSTHUMESTS. "
DO you want a irreat bargain In a good *ec-
ond-haad piano 7
UPRIGHTS.
Woodworth & AlUvan $50 |
Ronlsch 75 1
Neuman ' ..................... 1O«J ,
Hamilton * I? 1 j
Wilson 1;5 I
Lagonda ~W |
Splelmau
Small Byron Mauiy 523 }
Sohmer Sl Co 4W .
SQUARE3.
Emerson *-•> !
Symphopy 30 j
Arlon ...'. *»
Pond & Co 5°
Knabe • ' 5 '
Stelnway & Son 90 1
Sohiaer & Co lp
Bluthner Baby Grand 230!
Sohmer Baby Grand •«*> !
As advertised in our windows.
BTROX MAirZT. 3C8-aiO-312 Post st
ALL UPRIGHTS
KimbalL fancy walnut $30 ,
Collard $37 ;
Stetnway $30
Henry Herta $79
Occidental $S2
J. & C. Fischer $99 :
3 Emersons. walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, same as new, each $19? i
Colby, cannot be told from new $235 ;
Chlckering 1 $137 |
2 Stelnways. large and small slie. al- -
moat new $195-$32S ¦
Heine $475 *tyle, slightly used $2S5
And 200 other*. -
All pianos sold are guaranteed not to b« de- .
fectlve Examine this list. We have never
had such a great variety at «o low a price.
Rents. $2 up; Installments. $4 up. HEINE j
PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary st. ;
FOR SALE AT A BARGAIN— $43.
Grand Opera Zonovhcce talking machln*.
almcst new. with extra large horn and 23
larre disc 10 and 12 Inch selected records,
bands, songs, etc; all in perfect order. Ad-
dress box 456. Call. ¦
A FINE'lot of bargain* In second-hand pianca.
Including such makes as Stelnway, Halnes :
Bros.. Kcabe, Baus, Fester. Weber, Sur,,
Marshall St Wendell. Sterling and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ * SON'. 1» O'Far- }
r«ll St.; no branches in Ean Francisco. !
THIS week we shall offer some special prices
on stock that we de«lre to close cut before •
stock taking: a good etcck to select from if
you come soon. . THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC COMPANY. 760 Market St. !
A FEW unredeemed storage piano* (a!so fur- ¦
niture) win be sold to pay storags dirt ch*a;>.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1836 Market at.
ALMOST new upright piano; cost $300; will ae- ;
cept $125. Box 410. Call office. !
NEW pianos sold on $5 monthly payments. I
JOS. SCHMITZ jl CO.. 18 McAllister «t.
KIMBALL organ, $25; cost over $100; going I
north. 1427 Howard tt. j
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as '
new; »1.T5. 237 Qeary st. j
$62 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
cew. HORNUXG BROS.. 216 McAllister *t.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal SUinway upright piano;
perfect order: sacrifice. Keege'*.2S5 OTarretL
EOHMER. Byros Mauxy pianos. Oellian piano
pUyer. BYRON MAUZT. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR Tlolin*.* xitbers. old and new.- H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Tjit^ >P i p_c«.
OFP1CES A.\D STORES TO LET.
| A SPLENDID large light store and basement
to let; 345 Fifth st., near Folsom; fine loca- '
tion for restaurant: rent reasonable.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE St CO.. 213-220
' Montgomery st.
NICE flea offic* to let: also fine front desk '
room. Call at 419 California st.. room 11.
MARKET-ST. store to lease, between Third j
and Fourth *ts. Address box 404, Call.
A FINE store-like basement to let at 139
Sixth st. ;,
SPECIAL KOTICE3.
THE secretary ot the St. FrancU Girls* Di-
rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notice
that the following- orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned boys and girls, havs been admitted
to ths asylum at Central avenue and Waller
street from July 1. 1900, to January 1. 13OJ:
Hazel Kane. 6 yrs; Claire Kane. 2 yrs: Hi!'!
Roche. 10 vrs: Margaret Roche. 13 yrs: Lil-
II* Ivers. 7. yrs: Edna Ivers. tt yrs; Joseph
Smid. 4 yrs; Ella Creque. 6 yrs 4 mos: Ger-
tie Robinson. 1 yr 11 mos; Edward Tansey,
7 yrs: Joseph Name!. 5 yrs: Olandsr de
Fresel, 6 yrs: Hannaji Murphy. 3 yrs: Patrick
Murphy. 4 jrs: Timothy Murphy, 3 yrs; An-
nie Farren, 10 yr*: Manuel Sllvera, S yr* 4 !
mos: Andrew Vsrney. 5 yrs; Noble Varney,
4 yrs; Francis McCarthy. 8 yrs; Elsia Me- !
Carthy, 6 yrs; Inria McCarthy. 4 yrs; Eve- :
lyn McCarthy. 13 yrs; Allan McCarthy, 12
yr*; Paul Paoeera, 3 yrs: Peril Papeera, 2
¦ yn; Francis Hornbeck. 12 yrs; George Bo-
ban, « yr»; Frank Cacace, 4 yrs: Annia
O'Connor. 10 yrs; Ruth Courtland. 11 jrr*;
Daisy Sargent, 0 yra 6 mos; Harry Hotver- '
son. 7 yrs; Mary Matthews. 6 yrs; Rose Mat-
thews 5 yrs; Frank Matthews. 2 yrs 9 moe;
Joseph Waters, tt yrs 6 mcs: Thomas Waters.
4 yrs 5 mos: Ruth Smith. 10 yrs; Mary Mag-
gto, 10 yrs: Raphael Magglo. 8 yrs: Louisa
Koenlg, 0 yrs; John Reardon. 8 yra; Eddia
Reardon. 4 yrs; Mabel Adam*. 8 yrs; Georg*
Adams. C yrs: Frank Adams, 5 yrs; Harold
Spregue. 10 yrs: Lesley Spregue. S yr*; Marls
Dreadand. 6 yrs; Victor Drendand. 3 yrs;
*. Lonty Wolf. 2 yr* 9 mos; Stella Paul*. 10
' yrs Q mos; Dorothy Roc. 12 yrs; Mary Clark.
10 yn; Agnes Clark, 9 yrs 3 mos; Annie
Clark, 7 yrs: Catherine C.arfc. * yrs; Frank
Ivers. 4 yrs: Madeline Clark. 2 yrs: David
Mitchell. 9 yrs 4 mos: Rose Mitchell. S yrs
11 mos: Catherine Coyte. 8 yn; Dan Coyte.
6 yrs: Francis Coyle, 5 yrs; Hannah Coyle.
2 yrs: Francis Everdinr. S yrs; Thomas
Everdlng. 2 yrs: Mary Schlueh. 10 yrs:
George Vo*lne, 3 yn: L*o Ootthal*. 7 yr*;
Herbert Kalrie*. S yn; Rose Kalries, 6 yrs;
Isabella Bedella. T yrs: Ellen Ante. 11 yrs;
George Tracy.- 8 yn: George Hunter. 7 yr* 9
mo*; Henry Fc*ter. S yn; Eva. Narvls. 7
yn: Josephine Narvls. 5 yn; In Malnburg.
8 yn: Leonard Malnburg, 7 yn; Mary Caro-
line Ncwlan. 6 yrs 11 mo*.
CAN YOU WIN?
The ROCKTON ("Bl* Four") Rules
for Rac# Ptaylar are truly wonderful
In results, and
TOU CAN WIN!
- by followtns the Rockton: bo tips:
/ no guesswork; no on* handles your
money: you play It yourself, and gain
moderate, steady return*.* The ROCK-
TON Is honest, trustworthy. The
' young need not anpiy. Private office.
' room 9. MsO2- Market st. Houn. 9 to
" 12 a. m.. and 7 to 10 p. m.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum aad Horn*
Society hereby fir** notice that they ha v»
admitted Into the orphanage from July 1,
1903, to January 1. 1964. ths following-
turned orphans and half-orphans, boys and
girl*, rtx. : Rebecca Rablnowiu. aged . 8
yn. 4 mos.: Tony Rabinowitx. aged 5 yr*. 9
mos.: Llllle Goldberg, aged 8 yrs. 4 moo.;
Hosi" Gcidberg. aged 6 yrs; Israel Forms n.
aged 4 yrs. 5 mos.; Rebecca, Fabtan, agwd 9
yrs. 2 iros.: Philip Fabian, aged 7 yn. 11
cos.; Faasy Fabian, artd a yrs. 3 mos.;
Julius O-.hsn. seed 4 yrs. 8 mcs.; Faulin*
Ghlnsbtjrg. 11 yrs. 3 mos.
NOTICE la hereby gtv«n that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lak* St.. San Francisco.
has received the following orphan and half-
orphan girls from July 1. 1903. to January
1 ' 1904: Violet K. Lundber*. tt years: Ma-
bel Campb*!!. 12 yean; Margaret Canipbel!.
» years: Amy K. Rice ¦ yean; Bessie E.
Cook 12 ye»rj: Elizabeth Kerr.- 4 jean;
Annie Herrold, 12 yean: Elisabeth Herrold.
10 yean: Ida Herrold. 0 yean; Alice Her-
rold 8 years: Hilda. Herrold. 4 yean; Ida
Rule; 9 years: Mabel E. Ral*. 7 yean; Dor-
othy R.AU Bnebro. -12 years: Rath Loj_;«
Aa Buchon. 8 year*: Theln_ Havea. 4 years.
THE following children have been . entered at
th* San Francisco Nursery for Hoaxes*
Children: George James Miller, age I vcar;
Ar.lta Molll (ran. age S»H rears: Joseph Mulli-
gan age fVi years, and Veronica Muli;^_.
ags 2 y*a&. all half orphans. -
Ladle*! • Chlehester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: safe, reliable; take no ether. Send 4e
. stamp* for particulars. > "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druxsUt.
Colchester Chemical Co.. PhUadelDhU. Fa.
| FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'XTS J
j yitt'ITVALII HEAL E»TATC.
' ENETSINGF-R & MATTESON. " _ ,
1214 Fruitvale ave. Fruitval?. Cal.
i JGOO— Store building;; corner lot: 40 ft. front- j
age; good Jocatkin for email grocery. |
— — !
;$!4M— 4- rocra cottage; lot 130 ft. deep; thr*e j
blocks from station: 2 blocks from fgwol:
modern: small rayracnt down ar.d fl- per
isccth.
i C2100 — C-room cottsg?: larre lot: near station,
school ar.d electric cam: electricity, city
wattr. «ew«r etc.; very ta*y teims to
right party.
! $o:o— 3-rooa ccttage; let 4Cxl25: 1 b'.ock frcra
car line; new and modern; $10 SO ptr mo.
! $:C00— 5-rocm cottags; lot 4Cxll5: high base-
ment; city water; modern throughout; »-4
; t:ock from car line; <asy term?.
! $2500 — n-rcora cottage: large lot: corner: fin*
location; up to date in every rwp<«; flow-
ers, berries, etc.
j $lC00— 4-roora cjjtttjre; lot SCxieO; high base-
ment, city water, sewer, etc.: new; Lain; i
J150 down aad balance as rent.
_____ |
:Xir«o — l-roem cottage; lot S7:6xl."M: excellent j
location; IS block from school: near sta- !
tlon; macadamised street, city water, j
sewer eto.; effiill raym»ni. balance $13 20
per raosth.
; $S200— 5-rocm cottage; half block from car
line; lot 4!>xir-0: barn. ch!ck*n yards, ;
jilgeon cote, ra'rbitry. shrub*, flowers sjid j
lawn; a perfect horns in every re-pect;
rr-.an en ir.cricape; see this place. ,
j , —
DON'T GIVE UP IF TOU DON'T SET. »
I ANTTHING THAT 5UIT3 YOU AMONG THE j
' ABOVE OR ANT OTHER AD. WE WILL \
> SELL, TOL' \ I>3T IN A FINE LOCATION. ,
; PI.AN A HOCFE FOR YOf AFTER TOUR ;
; OWN IDEAS ANt> BVILD IT FOR YOU AT A I
; MOPT REASONABLE FIGURE. IF YOU
! HAVEN'T THE MONEY WE'LL GET IT
FOR TOU. WE OUAP.ANTEE SATISFAC-
j TION.
6NETSINGER A MATTESON.
121* Fruitvale ave.. -Fruitvale.
i H. BARKMETER. 12CS Fru'.tvale ave..
Fru'.tvale. Cal.,
I Vna Build You a Home to Suit on Easy Terms.
: LOTS LOTS. LOTS.
$100 — Only two short blocks from car line in
I 5c ilralt.
— — — '
$550— A bargain: coiy cottace cf 3 rconw;
1 large lot. ST.x2C0; fine well Rnd force pump:
1 fruit trees ar.d Bowers; 3 doeen chickens and
'chicken bouses: near* school and electric cars;
i 10 minutes' walk to local train; see this te-
' fare buying elsewhere. y*~
r
$1050 — Splendid cottage of 4 rooms, high
, basement: lot 35x1 15: one block from Fruitvale
\ ave. ; terms if desired.
$17C0— Cottage of 4 rccm.« and par.try; about ;
' 1 acre cf fine soil: gcod we'.l and pump: stable :
! ard chicken houses; situated in uppor Fruit- i
vale: terras if desired. . ;
S1SO0 — Modern, up-to-date cottage cf 5 rooms j
; and bath high basement; barn, buggy shed. '.
; chicken house and yard; lot 50x140, all. fenced; j
i r.tar school and local train; must be seen to bo
; appreciated. j
*45Q<> — Two-story house of S rooms and bath; j
: 2 acres of fine soil, fronting on two streets; ;
fruit tr«»«s an'i small fruit in bearing: larse. i
2-Ftf»ry barn, chicken and brooder houses; two
Incubators: fine Jersey cow; almost new top
¦ buggy and harness; will subdivide ar.d s^ll cne ;
' acre vrith all improvements for f3W>; this place j
Is situated on one of the finest avenue* in Ala- i
i meda Coonty and worth investigating. For !
' particulars arply to H. BARKMETER. 1206 !
Fruitvale ave.. Fruitvale, Cal.; tel. Brook K5S. j
$1400 — Fine ccttage of 4 lar^e roorr.s and bath; j
lot SSxlOO; a bargain; close to 23d ave. !
station.
' $!C00 — New. modern eottac? cf 4 large rooms. |
bath, basement, barn, etc.; lot 50x175; In ;
a beautiful, elevated location; one block
from Fruitvale ave.
.¦ J215O — New modern ccttare of 5 rooms, bath,
large hall, mantel, stationary tubs and |
fine basement; lot 37:6x100; only two j
blocks from Fru'.tvale ave.; easy terms.
$2C00— Extra Cne dwellir.r of 7 rooms; hall, j
bath, mantel, ras: modern In every par- L
ticular: lot 32x125; in the best part of i
East Oakland.
$1200 — Modern 5-room cottage: hall. bath, base-
ment, etc.; lot 70x113; In a fine location. I
$1000 — Nice 4-room cottage, newly painted:!
fruit trees, etc.: lot C8:6xlO6; handy to'
cars.
1 $1250— Good 5-rcom cottage: bath, laundry- !
room. etc. : lot 50x150; close to school and '
electric cars; easy terms.
; jtjoo — New cottare of 3 large rooms: closets. !
pantry: city water; lot 40x135: one block \
from electric cars: easy t»rms If desired, i
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. |
: CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 236.
Office half block from Fruitvale station,
i $500 cash: modern, new. 5-room bungalow
' cottage; beautifully located In the foothill j,
i corr.tnandirur fine view of the bay and sur-
• rcurlfhc*; country: Just the place for a chicken
ranch- away from the cold winds "an.1 wet fogs;
in the' frostles* b»lt; note size of lot. MSxlOO;
price, all told. $2500; only $500 cash required, j
balanc* 6 per cent Interest, payments at option t
cf purchaser.
f75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Le* Tract: !
f.r.e soil; grand view; new homes rapidly *c'.r.;r
up- no cold winds cr wet fogs and only $73 per
l'f $j down balance $2 50 per month.
CHAS. "P. LEE. 1222 Fruitale ave.
! A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year. !
i OAKLAItt) ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, HIS BB0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
4C0-*rt2 Eighth St., Oakland.
Me_ber» of \hs Oakland Real Estate Asso- t
' cUticn.
$5 500 — Fine house. 8 rocm*. bath: lake front- j
age; beautiful view; lot 50x151. >
$•0 000—100 feet on Clay st.. corner; improved;
! ' income $1500 per annum; can be in-
creased.
' $15 COO— Fine 2-*tory residence. 11 rooms: new j
! ' cottase, 6 rooms; windmill, tankhcuse. j
•table, barn; 4 acres; facing Fruitvale
ave. !
$7 500— Fine bou*e. 9 large room*; terraced j
lot 150x140; cement walks and coping;,
lake view; convenient to locals and car j
lines; walktag distance to Bread way; J
' $6 750— Eleyant. modem 2-story house. 11 i
rooms and bath: beauyrnl terraced lot.
lOOxlSO; northeftfit corner; elevated posi-
tion; cost $12,000; bargain, j
' $3 S50— Nearly * acres. frcnUre on San Lean- ;
I aro road; modern 2-story, hard finished !
building of store and 5 rooms and lot: \
level land; flat mortgage $2100; insured j
$2500. j
$3 250 Coming business property; 50-foot >
frontage: north cf 7th St.; modernized
cottage 6 rocms and bath; rent ?25; only
3 blocks frcm Broadway.
! f> 7so Fine house. S room* and bath: lot 35x
1 "' 1C5: convenient to locals; north of 8th
et. ; must Jbe sold.
12 GO— Modem cottage. 6 rooms and bath:
S3- f cot froVstase; near Center-st. station.
t" CCO— Modern bay-window cottage, C roctns,
tath and basement: lot 30x103; 5 min-
utes' walk to City Hall.
, $" CCO — Pretty bay-wir.dcw cottage. 5 rooms
' and bath; good rental* near new Postof.
fice.
$1 CCO— Cottase, 4 rocms and bath; lot 00x163;
near Key Rouie; half cash.
i ; $1 C50 — 6-roora cottage; lot 50x100; factory
•ite; between two railroads.
i tOCO — Cottase •* rooms, with lot 60x165; be-
| tween Shattuck and Telegraph ave*.
j S1.700 — Beautiful Pledmcnt lot; half acre; 109
southeast frontage; on new car line.
I $1,500 — Corner lot, DC feet frontage; between
. I . Market st. and Broadway.
" i LAYilANCE HEAL ESTATE CO..
4C0-4S2 Eighth St..
'• Oakland.
1 • -
87C0O—FOR $4000.
A beautiful 0-room residence and grounds,
112x150 feet, with fruit, flowers and berries, on
41st *t. : corner; property only one block from
Key Rout* system; hlsrh grounds- and choice
location; Jest' right for Ean Francisco . resi-
dents; will double !n value In one or two
years; can be sutxJMded: title perfect: part
time if desired: quick *ale, price $4000; trill
give $100 to any one who sends buyer that
psrehases the property. HOWE tc MERRITr,
tt& Broadway. Oakland.
f SPECIAL bargain — A fine "-room ! ccttajre:
¦ large lot: all street work done; goodloca-
i tlon: easy terras; price $2750. P. C LAS*
'SEN & CO.. 4C6 Tenth sV. Oakland, Cal.
¦ — — — ¦ * :¦:¦-* •¦ . ¦
OAKLAND gj^^,TISE]fl^n?S
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
i : " ¦ '. ¦ .*" .'¦ — ;_ •
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. INC.,
1172 BROADWAY. COR. 14TH ST..
REAL. ESTATE AND INSURANCE.
! '$1350.
! H*re are Zats paying $17 per month, cr
about 11% per cent net en your investment; In
a. locality where this class or property is al-
wayb rented.
$323>.
: Good set of flats on "West st., paying $34 per I
tr.o,; near Key .Route Kerry; this Is excellent I
$1200.
Fine building lot; northwest corner; close to
Key Route; this property has fine future: slse
00x100.
$1SCO.
BuiMinpr lot; en north »ide cf ISth «t., near
Market; 50x100; fine location for a heme.
$3S00.
Modern S-rcom house; In fine neighborhood
and close to cars; has every ccnvenlenc*.
WEBSTER-STREET HOMES'
LAFiUE. SUXNY LOTS'. '•
muz
We have Just being completed 5 handsome I
houses at the corner of Twenty-flrst and Web-
! «ter sts. ; there is nothing about them that Is
not the best. Particulars at the office.
WOODWARD. WATSON A CO I\c
1172 BROADWAY. CORNER 14TH ST
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE "
TELEPHONE MAIN £>
ZZZZ i
- ¦ I
$K«O— ONE of the prettiest Swiss colonial cot-
tages in Oakland: 7 rocmj; new and son-
ny: large- corner lot; choice location- close
to Telegraph ave.; owner away and must
sell.
$25C0— Part cash, balancs monthly, same as
rent; cost «C0O and 1, worth it: close to
San Pablo ave.; within 4 blocks of the
new Key route ferry depot (only on*
fare): cozy C-room cottage, with high
basement, bath. eas. hot and cold water
and brick foundation; 2-story barn gravel
driveway, cement walks, garden etc • lot
3CxU0 feet tnoti the size), and street 'work
all done.
$2750— Nearing completion : buy now and select
colors, etc.: Ka.«tlake cottage cf 5 large
rooms, high basement; a perfect little
home; Thirty-fourth St., near Market.
$230 down and $23 per month, same as rent-
new, cozy home; complete in every way;
6 rooms; nc;tr Grove at.
5CCC0 — Store and fiat; corner: downtown; all
In good shape, renting for $30O per an-
num; l'.uk this up.
$C0CO — Pair of sunny Cats; renting for $300
per annum.
GEO. W. AUSTIN,
Member of Oakland Real Estate Association,
1CC2 Broadway, Oakland.
A. J. SNYDER.
Real Estate Broker and Dealer.
467 NINTH ST..
OAKLAND, CAL. ...
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
I have Just purchased the Merrill property,
fronting en Telegraph ave., _th and 28th sts..
and am offering it. In subdivisions. This Is
Just the place for a nice home. There is no
i residence property as choice aa this offered at
I anything like the price3 I am quoting on this.
1 See ice at once before it is all sold.
$0000 — A new 2-stcry. 6 rooms and bath, on
33d St., within walking distance of the
Key Route trains; 34xlCO: terms.
$30C0 — tJood 2-story, 7 rooms and bath, only 7
minutes' walk from City HaL; easy
terms if desired. . .
$2300 — New ccttage, 5 rooms and bath, 45x132.
1 block cest of Telegraph ave.. on 51st
st.'; part cash only.
$2700 — Cottaee. 5 rooms and bath, on West St.,
near 17th.
$2500 — Cottage, 0 room* and bath and base-
ment: 32x100: barn; $500 cash, balance
$20 per month. •
A. J. SNYDER.
467 NINTH ST..
OAKLAND, CAL.
S75O CASH, $10 monthly; shingled cottage of
3 rooms, summer kitchen, lovely garden,
large chicken run «nd chicken houses: good
well of water; S lots, 75xlOO; all fenced: nio<- |
wide graded street; near U. S. poatofflce, 2 :
stores. Town Hall, ch'nrch and school : r new(
Urge school now being built; 2 blocks to !
- electrte cars; grand «lmate and'view; away 1
from fegs and raw winds; adjoining East I
Oakland; price all told ?13C0; call or send I
for circular. 4S5 Seventh St., opp. Broadway I
station. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
[ ¦ JONES, owner. . •
BARGAIN — For sale, nice home, 4 rooms, bath
.and higrh basement; fruit trees and chicken r
houses; lot 50x135:1; block from the hew I
line ferry. Key Rtnste. CH. GE^CHIEN. 230
Hoilis St.. North Oakland.
— — — — ————-———-———————_____ — ' i
BARGAINS In Piedmont residence lots, Incluo.
ing all kinds of flowers and shrubbsry: will
build to suit. Box S54, Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAXD HOUSES TO LET.
BIG catalogue of houses both for sale and
rent Issued every Monday morning; get It. j
GEO. W. AUSTIN, member of Oakland Real
Estate Association. . 1002 Broadway, near
Tenth st., Oakland.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvala Station.
OAKLAXD noo»S TO LET.
¦ ¦¦ - ¦ ¦ -¦¦ - ¦ ¦ ' ¦" ¦ '¦¦ ¦ »- ¦ " ¦ ¦'¦ ¦
SUNNY furnished rooms; steam heated; first-
class beard; large grounds; terms reasonable;
references. 1067 Oak st. .
OAKLAXD FDRyiTURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW th« day for bargains in furnl-
tore. H. Schellhsas. 11th st.. cor. store. Oakland.
emisbyvHiTji; bea_ estate.
$2000 — COTTAGE of 6 rooms, bath, pantry,
basement: windmill, outhouses; 60x100. JO-
SEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEV REAL ESTATE.
MILL Valley — Fine new cottage. 0 rooms.
bath; furnished; electric lights; modern im-
provement*; corner lot. 100x120: fine view
Mt. Tamalpais. surrounding country. Owner,
box 102, Mill Valley.
50x125 — PRICB $400; $10 monthly payments;
new tract right at the station; selling fast:
send for booklet. LYON & HOAG, 110
Montgomery st.
HORSES ASP WACOM.
35 HEAD of gcod wcrk horses and mares, suit-
able fcr contractors or ranch work, must be
sold: 'auction rales every Monday at 11
o'clock at Eltis-st. Stable. 615 Ellis St.; If
you want to bu>, wl or exchange anything
In our line glva us a call; all horses sold
from this establishment must be as repre-
eented. : S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
FOR tale— HandEome trap, cheap. Box 3750.
Call office.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping . wagon
and go-cart for rale cheap. £32 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2- hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.harcesg.work.drtvlr.g hcrsea. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr-
1 cular. C.H.UMDaEX _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and fiats to let; an lraraen*e list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: .It will save you time and
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co.. 243-253 Geary
St.. on the square. r>- *" ¦: v* •:,
CORNER'Goagh and Bush, very ronnr, mod-
em re-sirience. 11 rooms and bath. Apply
: I MADItiON & BURKE, 30 Montgomery st.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; rent $35. 1720
- Baker St.; near California, ¦
JONES*. 1SC0 — Sunny modern house of 8 rooms;
¦ : marine- view; rent reasonable..
HOUSES TO LET— FUnXISHED.
ELEGANTLY furnished ! house; located on
Buchanan St.", between Pacific ave. and
Broadway: marine view; 12. rooms, attic and
.basement, also billiard-room; -will rent to re-
. ' sponslble party for three months; S125 per
• ¦ month. Apply The Royal Shoe Store. 80 3d.
HOUSES WANTED.
A NEAT, refined couple would Jlke the care
of a house during owner's absence. Box
Call. . »
PROPERTY WASTED.
CHEAP, building lot wanted: near MUsicn-st.
•'car line. Box 394, Call ofBcs.
KKUICELEY ADYERT'S'M'XTS |
PKItKCCEV KCAL RSTATK. '
-OSLPU J. MASON. REAL FSTATE AGENT, i
*E. CORNER OY SHATTCCK A.V_. AND
cj_rr_a st., bsrkelkt offers for '
SALT: THK J-X)L_O\VIN«i. SELECTED
niOlt A LARGE LIbT OF THK CHOICES I"
*"itUi_KTY •IN-.tLAMEDA COUNTY:
SZfOCC — Srlendidly Inult hemse cf 12 rooms:
c*ar the university; all modern improvement* ;
lat <Sx2W»; Just the ylare icr a fifhionatie
l>-^r^:.-is -house,
SCOOC — nni h ua-? cf 0 ro-;n»; lot S2xlC0; near
¦I lillsllj
*SCCO — JTcw heat- of 10 rooms; en £Bncy side
*I elrect; nrtr rtattoB.
5-lCfX; — Now buiKlng; fiM heese of 7 rocms
asd lath: <v,tr.b.raticn fixture*, window shsiei,
exment wa!ks; abcut cae block fn-m staticn ol
T'Uc-y lioutt."
•CTK — New house cf 3 rooms; let 43x130; very
CL-Even'.tntiy situated.
$>2O0 — Nearly n«w house cf 0 rooms and
bath; itafcte. etr. ; paly 5 minutes' walk frcm
"Key I.outi" t-tatic-n; en sunny side ct street;
a btrja-.n.
A ctstlesEAS'a huroe; a fine house o* 13
rucmi; sftr ilk* l.U'.s; 3',i acre* of land; cr.:y
BMQOL
A IIEAUTTF-UL PICTITin CF FAN FRAJC-
CI5CO BAY. TAi'CKX TRCM THE BERKE-
LEY HILLS. FREE.
$*C0— SNAP; suvlirt; 5 blocks frcra staticn:
ranrir.s Tester tr.d shrubbery; e!?;rar.t place
fur cti»«"Lei.6; 4 acrt* or in sjMI viMcns ;
Clarernoni ave.; etiy terms; circular cfl ap-
J>!i«.t!< Ti.
?ii i^r foot ler jOxiro on VTarrin* et..
near Ii»ncro:t way; everything clss a>tiZ.
IIS.'W/O— Busiaet* block cf 5 stores, tr'th
It, room* above; ail rented; brings in 7 psr i
ccst lacojne; with sir.a!l change* ccuM be !
largely increased.
K-7W>— Bca-Jtlful house cf 6 rocms: Hiile-
CS>fs ave.; near Dwigfct way; extra, well ;
built; all etreet wcrk d#ne: nearly new.
f^jpO— 6 rooms ard bath; let «Oxl2O: Bate- |
B«»-. Tract, rurnr CcIU-sre ave.; «r»et i»crk ;
tiont ; caey terras.
JwSOO— Let i:» bui.'d you a new, mcae— . ,
fccute cf fcve rocms on Parker st.. pear ,
Grove.; !?t 40xlC5: street wcrk icce; this ;
U j-our cl^tnco to set a hc=ae at isw price ¦
and easy terms.
Fine txtr-er near cew Ea.-.-.a Fe desot at j
(10.
$_=5; 50x136; oc Haste rt.. near Dana;
r.» b&rgaic
CHENEY i BERRT.
P. Q. Biock. Berkeley SUticn. :
$i£i»— COZT 4-rooin ccttage; not a ft- ep«ck;
close in.
$2490 — Modem 2-*tcry house: 6 races; nearly :
ce»-; cear "Ke}-" «• a:i--r. : bargain.
$S70O— 6 rocsis: modern; colonial; good as j
new; only S blocks to U. C.
$2900 — 7 room*; new, attractive: bungalow i
Etyte; fine location; sightly; near station, i
|>»000— 7 roots* : new; up-to-date; & minute* '
to station ar.d university.
Moiiera fcouse of 14 rocms; furnished
and toll cf roomers; rear university.
$»7^_ — li . __r. ¦_ new 6-rocm house; polished
Soors. fine location; oear IS. C and
•'Key" station.
$6750 — Substantial house of 16 rooms; in good
co-Sitian: choice location; near university;
fu!l cf roc_<?rs.
See us af ence about that elegant residence
property '.a the heart of Berkeley, with spa-
cicus ground* beautifully iinproved with palms
and cmarcental fhrubberj-; pollrhed oak fioors;
elegant harfiwood interior finish; 16 large
rooms; ran fcs U~ugSt at a bargain on easy
terms; thU is a rare opportunity for an edu-
cational institution or high-class sanatorium.
ALLEN A ELLI.v 2123 Center st. v Berkeley.
CENTRAL REAL E?TATE COMPANY.
ZllJ CENTER ST..
BERKELEY.
f-i^-*> — Nt» ln-rot-m hou»« : everjthing that caa
be thought cf in the way of convenience
is to be* fuund in this house, tuch as gas
gTut*"?. comb'.ration fixtures, cioth?s
chutes, epeakir.g tubes, polished floors.
etc.; local joe the best; good tern-* can be
had.
$i*t>j — T-rcorc: h^use; 2 more rooms unfinished;
!:_; srefl ¦__ windmill, rrult trees. berTy
besbes;; street work done; sidewalks laI3;
t*T£t lot; 5"xl75; beautiful view.
|300— This elegant lot i* in North Berkeley,
ca <ra?t side of Heyy st.. north cf Rose;
street wtrk is dcf.e, sidewalk laid and
ii-.t is fenced on 3 sides; elze 4Oxll3; only
3 minutes from railroad ttation; the view
ir fir.t: easy terms.
fiSZt) — cr.eap-#t lot ca Walnut St.; size 50x
135; street work dece; a beautiful place
fcr a home; only 3 minutes' walk from
the «»I*.~tr:c and strain cars: terms easy.
CCXTBAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY".
21*3 CENTER ST..
BKRKELEY.
A FETW B3TAPB. ~ ~~
*::5o — «-room cottage, close to cars station,
•choc!.*, lot 4Cxir»; street wcrk complete: $250
caFh. bilanfe $15 t«r month.
t-%y) — A neat nice 6- room cottage ar.d ccrr.er
lot; size MxlOO; street work ccttplete- t^ectric
cars pase door: only Si^ blocks from Ashby
station. Berkeley: t-tuated at 2S2S Grove s' •
ttrn-is can be had.
52*25 — A nice 2-story hou«» cf 7 rooms and
f table; let 50x140; street wark complete- 1
block of electric cars and cr.'y a short diJtarice
frera sutler; well wcrth $5i«0; call and in-
*Tfct at cace.
tlOdi — 4-rocra cottage; lot 40x131; str-et
•rark doce. *
L. J. MORAN tc CO..
21"! Phat'.uck ai>.. E«rk<;iey station.
$7.^:-— 4-HOOM hcuse. chiclten yard fine
**aU; street sewertd: large lot- tan'dy to
cars; in good condition
$1200 — I rooms; *arl ficlihed: high basement:
l*rje lot; g, btock from cars; great anap.
•"r'O— Nearly niw 4-roem cottage tath- all
large roorr.s: let 60x135; fruit tree«"arrl
beautiful Sower garden; all furnished. In-
cluding new piano, carpet*, curtains bed
bedding, picture* and £i«hes; cn!y H blcclc
to train; must be sold at once on account
of liepsrture.
W. C. MORAN. Lorin ftaUoti.
or C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby etatlcn.
AMONG TIIE MOST DESIRABLE.
$106 cash, balance like rest; 4 large rooms
bath and basejnert; large lot; $1550; ssap.
8250 cash. $30 per rncnth; new up-to-date •-
Tonm cottage; very dertrable: close In.
«30CO — New 2-*tory colonial house, 6 rooms.
tall, bath, laundry, etc.; large lot.
An extensive list cf desirable houses and lots.
Call ard examine. Open Sundays.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin SUticn. Berkeley.
COME early If you want this bargain: Almost
cew 5-room cottage: bath, pantry, city water.
stationary tubs; convenient to both ferry
Ur««, electric car*, rtores, school. and church"
lot 5&xl20: chicker.-hotues, fenced and cross
fenced; ?:<"%¦. $250 cash. bal. $1* monthly.
O. A. Rudolph. Lorin SUticn; open Sunday*.
NEW cctug*: S rooms, bath, pantry, folding
doors, bay window, electric light*, high ba#e-
rsect. iarg* lot; price. $1750; terms. $150
cash, balance sasie as rent; convenient to
rtatSrm and electric cars. O. A. RUDOLPH
Lcrin Static; cyen Sur.dar*.
A FEW Good Hcsti at Moderate Cc«t.
?.?"•'.• — Nice 6- room h«yu«e; coc\_:i«nt to
traiss.
Hi^"!?.*" 1 ** 1111 fc ou*«: new and medern.
:^ 2 ??~' E " K * nt 7-room house with barn.
*«_ M — Tvro modern C-room hoacer, nearly
c?ra;i8teC.
C * l i.*SiJ!t* _*_? * : our choic « br/Jdlng sites.
JLS— CR fe BAIRD, 2137 ghattuck ave.
fl ££t; £IX - R0011 h«»i **»H w*rt-4_»
l~7^:~' rocras: new; good location.
??>^rl 'v* 1 **- =**= Telegraph ave.
J-li^*— * rocir.»; new; rear Lorirf.
$2.^>— <J room?. colcr.iaJ; near Key route
Two elegant 5-room cottngpi; modern; eun-
cy si<te; c-sr Ker routr; easy term*
MURPOCK & <?).. Lorin. South Berkeley.
THE Whaler Trart— fhe Nrb Hl'.l of Berkeley !
S»* the lots in this beaut'Tui tract- buy" one
e^d live life anew; this rortf&B of r;-.-W>v
exrrels alt cth— parts In scenic beautv a-3
des'.rafcllity for a house; send for dud and
pricts. v
V,; J. KORTIilER ft CO
P^n* Derbyjt'03. flfl CetttCT gt
$:«c— IlOfSE of 5 rooms. bath.~etc.~o^Ty a
t!o<-k» fijira rutica; ttreet work all done-
9S*ee — Hrow of C rr>orcs and bath- lot 40
xl-^": cloie to station and car lines; for a few
LITTLE & WOOLSET. 2110 Shattuck eve.
FOH «.al»— Choice propertl?*. improved and un-
.Rjpro«-d. for r^s!3en'^ or business in all
part* of tc— n; or. will build you a home on
ea^-y payments. rs!l «t write for particulars
lit. rp-A-XCIS FERRIER. Real E*t»te.
=1-1 tenattuck ave.. o ? p. BERKELEY Station.
LAWTOy & ALREE r^al ««ate have for sale
Brrifley r-.crr.cs. re*5d«n;f« and business lots
at iowfft prices; choice Investment prajxrty
pa}-iriB C to 10 per ctnt net; refer to either
bar.k in B«»rkrl>-y. 2133 Center St.. Berkeley.
A FINX new flv#.rocra cottage; mc&rn; near
Key rc-ut»; good driving hone as part pay-
tnert. P. p. t, cx m Rcuth p^rkeley.
S-S^&SSZT** '* :1 - «schange or bond.
;MLR^OCK & CO.. Lcrin Staticn. Berkeley.
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
~~~ »
..*}-^ A :^'- ¦ ESTATEj
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DATS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LIXDA PARK
The t*"=SB;js ofVwat fare. Hay wards car*;
5 tr * e ' s *cd' graveled; stone sidewalks;
f ta.acc* «L0 per nicntb: 13 blocks to lo<-«l
train; beat located property on San Leandro
AtfcTlh. :iCl Twenty. ttini ave. # Oaklanl.
OAKLAXD ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
'liOLCOiin, BREED & BANCROFT.
\ lOtO Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$2.r-?O. 82.200.
Very neat, nearly new cottage: 5 rooms
ar.d beth: modern; lot 5OxlCW;- closs to
"Key Route" and Berkeley local trains
to Sun Francisco; terras, $300 cash,
' balance easy. - .
0039
f2.7D3. A BUNGALOW COTTAGE. $2,750.
Fiv e rooms; reception hall, connecting
dinlns-rcom and parlor: cozy window
scats; fine mantel, bookcase and china
closet; gas and electric lighting; open
plumbing, porcelain bath, nickel trim-
mings, medicine chest and every up-to-
date feature for comfort; must be sten
to appreciate its good value; close to
TelegraDh ave.; lot 37:6x113; see photo
and plans at office.
M.0C0, M.A.U $4,coO.
Two fine flats of 5 and 7 rooms each;
modtrn Id every r_-tlcular; close to
schools, loca! train end business center;
lot 37:6x100; rented lor ?10 per month-
to Al tenants.
fi.500 51.5CO.
An S-rocm residence on Webster »c ;
modern plumbing; iraa and electric light-
ing; lot 4Vfoct f— ntage; not a . new
house, but if it wer* so would cost $7000
to duplicate; property worth your Im-
mediate attention if you want a horns.
$3, CCO— REDUCED FROM f 9,000.
An elegantly situated home of 14 rooms; •
modern: on fine corner; 7 blocks from
Wathington *t. ; property can be sub-
divided, giving two additional lots; must
be teea to appreciate its value.
19,200— PATS 10 PER~CENT NET.
Four fine ne^v flats of 5 rooms and b4tb
each; open plumbing; the latest id^as
of modem construction; close t» Oak st,
plaza and local trains.
BEAUTIFUL. ALAMEDA RESIDENCE
Beautiful heme; 8 large rooms and bath; all
modern conveniences; oak hall and stair-
way, art glass windows, hot air furnace,
full basement, cement floor.* plate glass
windows; lot J5$H5; choicest residence
location In Alameda; owlnj to owner's
removal will sell at great sacrifice;
favorable terms can be arranged; bar-
gain; ccst $9220.
H.P.B.
$21. G00. . $21.C00.
Eight fine new flats; thoroughly up-to-
date in every feature of construction
and for comfort; on sunny corner; fine
C_ M of tenants: $232$ per annum; tercu
can Le arranged to suit.
HOLCOMB. BREED* * BANCROFT.
1CKJ0 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
S. M. DODGE &. SON.
11C0 BROADWAY.
INCOME.
$3750 — Twelfth-st. corner; West Oakland: 2
stores; Cat above; 6 large rooms, alcove and
bath: lot 35x100; good condition and would
easily rent for $50 per raonth; building could
not be erected for asking 1 price.
FLATS.
Good rentins flats within railroad call dis-
trict: $3750: 5 blocks north of C«nter-st. sta-.
tion: 2 flats. 5 and 6 rooms, worth $45 per
month rent; lot 20x125.
SPLENDID HOME.
Half cash; unusually well built house; with-
in 7 minutes' ride of Ctty Hall: 7 room* and .
bith; 3 sunny bedrooms; dining-room Is eape- i
cially attractive (has novel feature of a 2-foot j
mirrcr extending all around the four walls); '
nothing else like it that we know of; lot 40x ;
: 120; year's commutation on new ferry free to
| the purchaser of this house.
$2000 — Good house of & rooms and bath; a
fine lot, &0xl5o; out by the race track, near
; San Pablo ave.
GOOD VALUE.
$2600— Price cut fcr quick eale; good-sized
j lot, 34xl*jO; 6 rooms and bath; not too far
! from town; Realty Syndicate certificates will
I be accepted as cash for this.
NEW HOUSES IN EAST OAKLAND.
$32C0— 7 rooms and bath each; everything
! modern; lots 45x150; near two car lines.
IDEAL BUILDING LOTS
In Linda Vista; euperb view of hills, bay and
San Francisco; 60x132; near Oakland ave.
cars, price $1CCO.
BUNGALOWS
Are very popular, because they are cozy, at-
tractive aad artistic;, we have three very nice
ones on hand; call and let us show you them;
prices range from $2500 to $2350.
Lerge S-room colonial house: well located:
near Twenty-eighth and Telegraph ave.; small j
payment down, remainder same as rent; price i
$4250. This is something your friends would
enthuse over and you would be proud to own.
See additional lists advertised in other Sun-
day capers. /
' S. M. DODGE * SON.
1160 BROADWAY.
TATI.0R BROS. & CO..
I Real Estate, Insurance and Financial Agents,
Tel. Cedar 351. I23B Broadway, Oakland.
! $5000 — Verv elegant 11-room residence; hand-
somely finished: two mantles, mahogany,
tile and plate glass; solid oak staircase;
full basement, cement wall and floor; fln-
-ished street and walks', fine view, on cor-
ner: one blcck from street car; 20 min-
utes' walk frcm City Hall; house alone
ccst JS400; must sell at once; one-half
cash, balance on any terms desired. No. T.
$4000 — Large 10-room, 2-stcry residence, strict-
ly modern, on Fifth ave.; short walk
from local trains; on street car line; close
to school and churches; also convenient
to butcher shops, grocery and drug store:
can. at a very slight expense, be changed
into flats; this is a fine property for home
cr speculation. No. T.
! }250O— Queen Ann cottaffe, 6 rooms; lot 32:6x
160 feet; on Athol ave., Peralta. Heights;
, one of the finest residence districts in
Oakland: brand new and strictly modern;
i cannot be duplicated for less than $3500,
i but must be sold at once. No. M.
TAYLOR ' BROS. & CO.. \
Telephone Cedar 351. 1236 Broedway.
WILLIAM P. TODD. 1070 Broadway,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
! $1400— 2-story 7-room house: lot 25x100; In
(good location; if repaired a little would
easily rent for $15 per month; on north
side of street: near San Pablo ave.
, $2000 — A neat 6-room cottage; high basement:
sunny side of street; lot 50x100; near
Grove-st. power-house; eee photo at office.
; J3000 — Fine 5-room cottage on Grove st.; lot
33x116: modern and neat; see photo at
office; 3 minutes' walk to "Key Route."
$3450 — Fine new 7-room home on 38th sc: lot
: 57:4x115; cement wallu, electric lights,
J ar.d, in fact, modern throughout.
I $3000 — A beautiful 12-room home; cement cel-
lar and lirze attic; main floor finished tn
! solid oak; 3 fine mantels; modern im-
provements; fine large grounds, containing
fruit trees, flowers and lawn; lot 100x140;
| bet. Telegraph ave. and Grove et. ; too
: large for present owner: see photo at cf-
fice; owner may take smaller place if in
good location for part payment.
WILLIAM P. TODD. 1070 Broadway.
OAKLAND, CAL.
FRANK P. LEE,
811 Broadway, Oakland.
?27C0 — Close In; no car fare; good as new;
cottage, 5 rooms, bath, laundry and
t floored basement; extra good plumbing;
lot 30x106; owner breaking up housekeep- I
Ing and reduced price from $2900 for ,
quick sale.
$3000 — New colonial. 7 rooms; convenient ar-
rangement; everything about It up-to-
date;, lot 37:6x100; sunny side of street.
close to new "Key Route" ; very easy
terms.
$3230 — Attractive new 2-story: 1 rooms, den,
reception hall, etc.; lot 49x150 (note size);
nice location, near new Santa Fe local.
$2SC0 — Erand-new cottage, 5 rooms; modern;
best construction; sunny side of street;
near new "Key Route"; lot 37:6x100-
part cash.
$2150— Old-fashioned 2-story: 8 rooms; in good
condition; large barn; fruit trees, berries,
7 etc: lot 50x140: beautifully situated on
N suany tide of East Sixteenth et.- > * *
FRANK P. LEE, ,
911 Broadway, Oakland.
$6C00 — A FINE house In Lakeside district; thor-
oughly modern and up-to-date In every
particular; 9 rooms. and bath; 5 blocks
from . the business center; 4 blacks from
the new costofflc*: price reduced from
jsooo to $8750; must be sold.
$4000 — Larre house, 8 rooms; all modern con-
veniences r near - Telegraph . ave. ; lot 50x
: ¦¦- 123; mnst be soil ¦ •.
C. K. MARSHALL, 1118 Broadway.
FOR sale — $1200; nice 5-room cottage; lot 26x
125; near 24th and Filbert sts.
$2200— «-rooro eottaxe; modern, well built
and in first-class condition: close in town.
. . . T. F. RAYON. 424. Tenth st. '
FOR sale — 10 acres of land In the suburbs of
Oakland; well located to subdivide ' and sell
»otst electric cam to the property; chance to
. mak. JBOOO. BISHOP. 4« T^nth «t..THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY- 17 t .l'jnj.
42
KM P>,OY?J E \T W A^TKP— -PKM AJLC.
A KIRJfT-CASS lacnareE* wj«iie» position
for thr.e day* In sain* family: reference*.
wages tZ jwr cLar. »iir Treat ave.. D*ar l>li>.
KO11MAL t=cbocl girl wi*h*» plac-s. w'thia
¦walking di*ta.3ce of acliool. lo -work f^r
¦ tc^arJ. rocm crd $5 per^nonLh. T-^ «'.»». Call.
STKNOGRAPHEIJ. with 12 years' experience,
dt-slrn a r-asiticn; rapid, aet-nrate aal
thoroughly coc3y?tent. Pox <>4^, Call.
A THOROUGH, experienced designer an*
drrumakrr M>h<s work l.y tne day; :j; a
»ork*r. iJcx 4C*«. C^il crate.
| A TOL'.VU muman with a ch!M wlsljea bousv-
teeyiog; no objection to caustry- Apply 177
Bcuth -Tark, in tafemeat. city.
! YOf.N'G wtjtnaa w1»*« work by the day. wash-"
in*, ironing <>r hou»e-cleaclnr. SI 5O per day.
i Calj I Mission court. r.e^r Fifteenth «t-
I A YOt'XCI G^rm&n woman wi»he» situation ta
do clumberwcrl: : willicg to roots and board
h-rstlf. 115-j Fiflh »t.
.AN experienced nur** desirea position taking
care cf Invalid cr «ick person; best refer-
ence*. 511 Leavenwcrth st.; pnene I>d 44€«.
Df'.ESSMAKER. experienced, good cutter an3
fitter, -VL--.;! i like a few more engagement* at
j J_- a day and car fare. Box C37. Call.
1 TOL'.N'O lady w'shea a few more eagagementa
for abampcoisg. manl^jriEg and scalp treat-
ment. .Fbone Caro JZ'.j.
' A TCOUNO woman, references, tor wash;r.g.
bousecleaning. ¦ weeping : |1 «5O day. o2 10
a. m. tM - ii. m. Call phene Blade U33.
(Jf.'i'.MA.S'-AMEP.li.'AN woman wlsbea altua-
tton to elo cooking and Ugst nousework;
i country. Bex 47-'. Call.
I WANTED — Position to carat for eld lady cr
child, or to do second work; willing to travel.
"03 Devlsaiero st. •
WOMAN wants i>lsin washing by ta« day;
$1 f> ter day and car fare. MP-J. C. UT
Milton «t ;
A WOMAN wants steady places to s*w by dar;
*1 25 and car fare. Address A. B-. 733 Fcl-
rjm st.
COIjORED Udy wants family washings to ia
at home: charges moderate; good wcr*.
3I'J«t O'Farrell «t.
BKAM3TIIESS would like work for th» SfTSI'i
nvjn. or as drelsmaker's helper. Box 46T.
fall office. __^^
A ITItOXG worcan wants work by day or
w«»k: sleep home. Call or afidrers 1IH3.
NKWMAN. 320 Minna st.
A COMPETENT and experienced yomng woniaa
v. :•(.»» to- take full charge of lodgtsg-nousa.
Address u:>; Fifth st.
A WOMAN want* house-cleanlns; by tae hall-
<lsy. fl urA carfare; call 43 Minna st. F.
WA11H.
OlRli with*.* position as stenographer. Box
KJ7. <'all office. Oakland.
AMKltU.'AN woman wants position as worklns;
hou*»k*»p*r en a ranch. Box 413, Call offlc*.
WANTED — A position as worklns; housekeeper;
city or country. Box 479. Call.
A FfltST-CLASS laundress wishes laundering
to tlo at hjme. Box 418, Call offlee.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by th*
day. 222 Ivy ave.
WANTED — Day work, washlnc or sweeping.
j 236 Hickory ave.
YOUNG woman wishes house-cleonlnar by tha
day. St SO and carfare. 769 McAllister.
INFANTS nurse, 5 years' experience, wtshea
entire charge. «12 Treat ave.
WANTED—^"Position by young lady; experi-
enced capable double -entry bookkeeper and
typewriter: unquestionable references. Box
388. Call office.
YOUNG English colored woman doslres work
In good family: general housework: flrst-
cla*9 cook; can shampoo, massage and mani-
cure. Box :tll. Call.
POSITION as housekeeper by Eastern lady;
thoroughly competent and reliable; na "In-
jection to thl Wren; best references. Box
Z93. Call office.
GERMAN graduated teacher wishes position
In school, or as governess or companion: a!«>
teaches French; beytv of references. Address
I F. II.. Irvington. Alameda County.
j YOL'NO American wMo*. J«»t from the Ea.«t.
desires pi.sition as housekeeper, or wouid'take
charsie of hotel or bonrdirg-hou.w tn ioom
mining town or camp, city or country: ho:n»
more of an object than wa«<*s. Address with
Btanip. MRS. DELIA Z. DOMINGO. P. O.
lockbox 2Cl."l. San Francisco. Cal.
YOUNCJ laJy. thoroughly competent and experi-
enced stenographer and typewriter, accus-
tomed to law. Insurance and bank work, de-
sires position ln or out of city; highest refer-
ences. Box 314, Call office. ¦
AN experienced girl wants waiting or kitchen
work ln institution. Box XMS. Call.
YOUNG French girl wants position in privat*
family: teach children French, wait oa
table or be chamber maid; can Uo embroidery
ivork. lt:t>4 Point Lobes ave.
I HXPERIENCHD lady"s nurse wishes a few
more engagements; terms. 510 to $13 a week.
Call or acMrt-js MRS. WILSON. U43 Folscra
si., r.ear Sixth.
ADVERTISEMENTS, aubscrlptions r«celT«l~at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church it*.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Ths)
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WATTED— MALE.
COOKS. T/alters. arardener?. machinists, en-
gineers, coachmen and laborers. Lots of
them waiting situations at J. F. CROSETT
& CO.'f. «2?» Sacramento st.
M1DDLE-AOED man, speaking English and
Italian languages, tlesires position as delivery
man ln OaklanJ: understands care of horses
and can k?ep books; references. Addreaa box
10O2. Call office. Oakland.
A YOUNG man *eeks a situation at handling
« horses; ran drive all sorts of horses, vicious
or otherwise; the care of horses my spe-
cialty; country preferred. Box 440. Call.
i ¦¦* •
A BRIGHT energetic young man with several
years' experience wants position as floor
walker In department store tn city or coun-
try; can give best of ref. Box 431. Call.
RELIABLE young man. 23 years of ar?. d»-
slres a position with dry or furnishing good*
house; city and Eastern references; & years*
experience. Box 257, Call office.
CVIxKIAOK painter, atriper, letter«r and fin-
l-.li.-r n-lshen oteady position; capable of for*-
ni.in-.hu- J. TOMUXSOX, 429 Minna. •*..
San Francisco. Cal.
BARTSNDSR mldJle-ased Oennafl, steady
and miber. with long experience, desires po-
attlon In hotel or club; city or country. Bo*
412. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by experienced designer
an<l |i. ma.: operator: also art hand embroid-
erer, comix-tent to take charge. Address H.
F. C. DAL'BE. 125 3. Clark st.. Chicago. 111.
POSITION wanted by reliable man. with h:s
own help, to do the work ln a dairy, orchard
or grain ranch at a monthly salary and board,'
himself : good references. B. C. 77 Ninth >t.
WANTED- By a middle-aged man. a position
of any kind; handy with ttx»!s; can t*k» car*
of boiler or run engine, uteaat or gasoline;
not afraid to work. Bex 4Xi CaU offlc*
I STORE, carr'nter. hotel or lane* building:
; honest and sober; will make himself useful;
handy mechanic: rvferettcrs: wa*«s reason-
able. Box 377. Call ofnc*.
AN Eastern your.* man wv>u!J like a position
aa private stablrsian >w workiR« around!
ptaee: understands tiers** ttwreaihlr. Box
496. Call.
, TINNEH «n4 futnav* cian wants i<c*U!on in
country »ho««; e\»^*rt#!H-*d anJ t***t uf rec-
omnrensiAttcn*. A«KJr«»« IS*. O^Mea West
Hotel.
AN irHivatrtvua »\>»orr\> ««^» M»«*hea position as
ianttnr. rvrtw <w MstSer; »omart win do
Uav's mart! »'f ar\>' »nni, »«CU Jackson »t.
j MAN ;¦«>'.» »\f» ».*:•« wvrV; man t.» work plow
w «tr\* »«*»;*»(» »^> i-tn**: tar a (aw m;n.
»-mll >>r »»Mre« >: r; . ,\V M!isi.-n «i.
! AN eswpio\rx» t-.N>\\*«t««r *Wl*O »tmttar p*>sl-
»hv* s- ... »* »Hi«a ,Uv» * wetk: l«ra«
T«M»V¥ISW*. t*^ 1 * •*'. »~*« utfH-V.
•«*•* u\ »*iyhv»«»«, *;U\ w ttore. Ucji
«iw, s'%\\ *m+ _
.\aji»5a.O\S\ «*vO.i>iM. po»UUvn wantext by ex.
VVMt««»\«vt »i^». (\!ac« |>rei«rx«d; Ca-
oajVkti. «%4 *k. >k>.^ tn, can otat«.
\\.\.\>»:\v_>v»«N»» »» a*«.*»#» v >«.r; M a"S?
u»>k ?\v*4H** i«.*»r««o»i, »to Eleveoth st..
v.»\ v .. . i
V:A\?M^--W»'U^ a« *tiv**»«per ta whofe-
i*W V»*«4; tlt*t-vU»» t*(er«ns.«s. Dos *4tX
iTBNsK>RAV>Hk.« oi *rT>* e^Verwac* wtsA»
1 ""^; " i *^ v *' J * <^ < * c * v««r»rt«a. Bo* 49L
\(U!^» umu M,*m* waltkMS w«h hlih-ras*
, j ¦•«Ay«}i*»l. v«w*l«l U a» Al »!«oarapJ»r.
' v.ork, \Vx\ **VV%JH <•«»«<.¦»»
; \ UVVXm-».-AVlK.» nts ta
wwV rvuoa *Wm iv.. t^.u*, uk? CAr9 0t
I c*tO<ta; Uvm(«o««b>.v. atfci r^M^vnsUb^a*** wlU
- 1 »<¦ Wu\w »0i rottrtyo h,^ j^j^ Call.
j lAVAVC^b *Uub* vn*5» v« Attt » tHWiTtva tv» J.»
' V*V^Vfv ».^s.»- *i,j.
ClitlUii tkMVit K».
hiUi'z-fS Morj^-iaJ MeU:.x!i»t Epi*cCB#)
«*vj«.*' ..,/nr »a.v»* and tiu.liens.-» »:*.. J
Hti. iZtia ktc(>l*i.f. iJitW-l'uWK' »«*¦'•""
. ¦ il « <«. mJii X.WV »> fcuu^«>-iwJ»v».jl «t
|2:.W p. tu.. *:. ii i'«-.fc:.,» w.- »** "?•¦•"• ;
• ; *.j)li J>«*uc bt *:¦¦» i> in. Hr. ti. '».
Ij'i ar-d W nt -He*, f M l^ikln. Ph.
Tut «. « < «j.d*ii«M ; ; n»-«*pr r ;W»2 "«>
:.iiu.-< ¦). ' •! n,-M> i-.-i-'t-- 1 '* i" 1 ' *'*"*
;lrw* ui W*H i'.ixin" . -
and M»*"J. »¦«». -«*» OfO»»« ' A<J«n>f, I*.
', 40 v ia . MlJte ¦"»* liirtU n wf •!)«
»j iraur •" AH «'* <-'.rt»«l|> '"W' c ?
TKIM' niM'r«'l..n,l, RflWnlb •»•« » l *«*;
Mi,*:.; *(.,. \Mliia«! i<*.i<«. M*'^. WW
|;r«.J, at i»AU **JVt.c». U a. 151,. Th«r
Ji.«inud* .1 O'.d A,-r." »• »ern>cn «"•.'•»
toiUa »-So it. kj . ' Ti-* 'iieut ' tii'a*^ Wr«
an4 *.ir,« ,,f |U l-t.-Lt. ' *•>««*'• f 1">-
rut nsu»ir I'.ii-^Ur *tii-i '¦< '¦" >f T'"-^
|*LTM'WnrH ' v,«giviiatli»ii»l | li'«h. »''•»« *' - J
MM \\,ttttr »<<¦ I '" Mmn*. I li-i
l^ioi: M.-irn-e *..rli,.*« II. |/i*ce.Je.1 i'V ;
H^n-Kbod •< w -.. . K fnMtiM *« " •«• I
f, as Kvtnlng *.,r*t,:»- «l . :4S. Hie |^»*tvr ;
•til prtaih <r..irr)ing and evening. i
i ¦ . , : a hi> n ' biwrfc «r.r«»- 6VV ponje* j
.nd r<*r.klin »ia--R«v. Ui-«'if'«j |
U«.lit. B5lni»t#f. I ''arlt» A. Manl'/'k a»)d i
hev nnfi.il.if t<.j<»», *.iui». >A turMay ¦
etiionl. Junl.i .hdf<», and e.iJ!ila> a.»>^-l
4J , 4,1 ui .,Vi.vii.. t-un^a* «ru. « I* al II I
f/cloe*.. Mi. l-taiiu uiil i/rea'ii. I'arenU
rr.at lt±\i .liiidien in Kie Wr.«lti#ai '*»
n,,*i, 6-irir.e **mc«. tii.t.^ t» i^iifciie".
tnitr oirti'tun et n. lirtihtrirk, crgmnai
Alt «r« cit<H*ijy in\i'*A a
I'MUI.I>I> • Uur. Ii ic«...i,o» . iii.i Twsn-
iu«h «nd • *i |; »i» <i*kt ili»*i ii •<! Velfn.la ,
f i .*ji Id* H«k i«> William Hurt* n.
rr.ir.inti. r**iO*tH* f<*l «"a."J' •'¦ 1 '>• *JMI»* t
d*y-mttH*A n:«r<i# *i u.4* u.i<. fc. W. '¦ Mj *- I
a«li, Mi|«rri(iirtxi>:M. Al ll>e mnnUng e»r- i
in* *i II •/• «</. k Hit tin. Jay William,
Ki.dM.ri niii int.iii tuu.i. A niy «if
r,(r,it.f Uuttc iiy oiriuma «w-l rh-ili,
iii.mi il.e 'i:ie. ii..ii of lalilah t'lrnienl. All I
ir.« *<aic *ie <>**. No «nnlng »trnfe
KlhtT i're»li>leriau <l;ui.li. » «n K*M ava
ai.d fc».i««iein.j *l— He*. WU||aa« U'lik |
<ii,itirie, uactor, trrnice* at II a. m. «'i'» ,
7 .Vi «. ni Tlie y$MtQf PiM l-'ra.li at both
pervfets. <-aii.«iii *ii.» i I- 1 ''" t- "'• Ckriy I
lun fc.«dt«w.i. fi 15 (i. i.i. «i..l 0:11 I'. W
U tror.f>d«K. " i' "• . KililKniV »'IU.t. All
are i .M.n«lij im Ht.i
Ci LVAKV Pr««tul«rt»« • : ¦¦- • ¦• .-.mer Ja«k-
*b *a4 I- ill*). . ii e *i» — -iitv. lohn «lifn-.|jliiil.
If i •' . i ktl.i Mi.joii.h Ber«'|tpa *• II «'' ••"• ?
•frr.,.J. i.ij.ii. "Tin iiiM» VV'a <»rt In < luiii.''
tvtninf arnica at 7 '•• «jiiu>b; «tr««n»
topic, iii.u nil Ira V. ..;'/' Vhe r»>-l •' i
uiii j.i.i.n «l l,i.t!) uivi.-i £.,i.i.. H. I
* i. .-.| Hi u.:.k a. id ; Mcttas|ral hhh-i. ¦ j
¦ ImIMI.Ii IJn.ir*'..! RMCllntl «l <: IB |1. ">
i'ra>er k.. nn.» IVtdaM4§I' t-v»niii« •• o
. r* »ii - ¦ ¦ ¦ i.i '^Hy Invited-
TlilMi i < r.uj.l.. par, liutii sn4 'iough »ta. —
lit-, rini.ii. » \». . < ianj.fii. rector, Holy j
rormr.uritnn. T.Sii a. m. euii4a5'-*i~li.i.'i. i<:.».» '
a tit W.ii.u.fc arriiie. II a. in. fclii-niiig .
iirvut. a |.. in i lie .ei.i uiil {treji-ii a| .
Ix.ih »nmt You are i ir.iit.il> ||ti*i|tat,
ii, -i iitatxui • liuivti. 32u i:.i.i> «t -- iW |
Itiamft n.. i.n. ii [I it i'ltcitiinv II a. i.i j
«rn «..>ii p. in 'I'.iiui . momlng, ' Ih 1 Tiun-
*ili. r. in U'.u-jhij. ' l^veBlqg, ' \". .inian*
t.l,i..h I.I l!.c nil WiXi.l ' H.I. I, F h.l.ll. !
<2:bu |». in V I' e t*. i: . ti.^.it p. m. '
i'ravci »<iw.> IVedncadar, ' *¦' i'' ¦». All i
u..i..n.» tree.
rii.-i li of t'liiUI (Scientist I I'tuu-al J
i.:;. * iSft tuntr *(., liei. Ktaia> a.-ui «ir»;,i :
av< • i.i in i«ii t-> leiut! kcivi.r st II a. in. j
:-ul it. i ..( IcaaOR «-rrjr...n "irulli .'' Si.n.Ui j
riii.it. I tui tliiliiirn al same iim.i. Wad a** 7 j
.la- i\nui.& u,tiiin§ «l u .iii.jit. ir'rte
.•c»(iir.K i.-.ii.i ii.'.i ii'toir.:. kl , lu.-ii.t ."tin 5ln. '
»ii <i- -i: I
'Hit, IV. i ii k i t. ... t. i, Id* unite* rvery buu-
ua> t%cr.m«. h n'Uufk, ta EIM' H»li. iUI.
ti.uii ti . i.t^i Kearny-, t*.ii led tbia eiea
u, g "rh. New IJ.l.Se." l'.is.n.i. Sli» AftQa
I. »l.ll«*..r
A tiliKAT nuclinK i..| iiitu i),i k ir,ii..Un .
afternoon ar I t. . '... k |> ii-.d rmina Mm* |
1 l.iiiilir, Aks.i. :»ii..n V...!Ui.i iiim. M.kui. I
anil Ellis ii«, tn.in. prartical ».n, ,,. t.i
riani. s {-..i i , n 'Tfca |kav s i>iraan.l"
n-.e ni.i. t.< ii... U; i mule Quartat Hill ting,
All »f&ik in il* hail ,lice |a men. 'ilia
m-vl | Itavai.l ( ¦• . > iu Ihe <H> foe a »..-.iii< !
!..«.. |a k|wa4 ta kmiv on Bunqty uiiminni. I
HtV, J»i|«N AI.KXANOr.H iHiU'lr:. geitaral
i.X€-.rfcerr r.r Ih* • Ultilau » alhi.iii: « huirli
and fauRitl ..i if.n,n « in. iii . will ln.lii
r»lt(iMI* fmlru al A li.au.i.ru i'liekUi, J^n-
uaiy IU aiut '-»<. al 7 p. m eeal* free.
fcf'J.'- (A|, K.>>!el iiirmn. al il.e Lull 17 «'ili
flail man. ici.i Itlai'i.ti t i . .Sun.Uy e\tn-
xr-n at T-4S i>i£:) air Hireling ai ?;';(! il. -
A. Ir.r.k ut tvaagviui All ueltume. Seat* :
Mm. !
Ihi: ThacatArktcal Sadat y, i..!i.i.ei H. rt t'i j
rtll t.rrn.ie.,1 fc.i;n i.-r. iieatl^uarier* Aoa>i- I
? mi f-f dtl(i<ci» t.uii.ili.B — Pukiiit- lerture al
R i> rn b| Th aw* film* of KnsUud. s|i»"
H-.'l. rinnrair.atu n " l^.tu» giuvi|>, ll.-;)ii ]
s tu tu.dy piasa, Thuicdav. ~.'M |<. in
THK Tliet:n>i>ht(i.| hti.ieiv, tii liim «iate IVMtf*
- -F**(; t'Uitlii- le.-uui>* e\tr» tnindav. 4 Ji in , i
FI(«hi luiii.^.s.. e.»i Mm ki i »i. r>.i|..Hii i..- i
k:»i.i. ¦ii.r Itutn* Ai>:*»Uir*. M riy W. I.. ;
ItUCl i.ihiair and iravlu.K r.ioni t tn n ila I. j
2 l.. t |. tn
MKKTIXii* — KlApiv.
W. i. »tiUVU.!.E le:lure» in ,,,-. 11, Kl .i..i 1
t.uiid'n?. tUitet and l\iunh it» , ;i a, in;
ih l.fiuig Hall Kinfiiili tm| «"!»> k |* . I
t«akl«n.*. 7 . i» i. m i • ihe ptthlra! \ ah»e of I
iisttona! t>iiiaii(in a» * lACt i'tuliH-'l'hj ." j
ltduttk u. ..uir.t 1,411. ran r>-inrivu. ">ue..
'It.ur*. fca: at ". arni H \> r.\ ; M.m . \\ eJ !
_*!_? w - *^ <W»laaA J-.iso \\t<\. at M |» in ;
IK » OEfKW biKHOANh fr*e Ifctiu^ ilut !
vtfj.tna. CiitUi ilall. •..;••¦¦ OHIC • ••• '
M»:in kt.. mMCi-i. "iiaaimu anU U*itt..-
V'-l'«>-' r.MI,.»fJ l.v Ufhi of "To an.1
Kro Iu l....vi.ii': fitt- tli-tvu »vlli be dl»tri-
t-ut«d lir X-rav rt"it.!ii:ni ai aamtartum.
Tutvaay evenina: ragwwtxf «hs uut*Ui.n
I . k fcl*vUl !...»
HUt: «KUV.~ Kit*;* r»nur« in iUUm i
brook.*. • lh* Aclina pf th* Planets «n
?iuni*n l.lit. " IIhIihi by »»ath. tkld Pel- !
lew* t.i Oclutk. » il Bt.
• 1 j
A\.U kitiuc* inv ItcJ to wtln«*» Uiiie Ykuiik s t
«WiPt *lilrit u.ti-s,«Ke* tt.- night. UV. t.l» |
¦li AUu.rr. His tnal ievture: rtadtnes daily. :
AVWMATU" vtUi;i« tranc« meOlutn; r#«,ling» '
daily i la 6ftp-H; nun, Mv-n \V t a i
aoi Tbm.. 2:3t\. HV-2»c- 11 farts*, u-vjn *. t
MKl£ fe1X«l»l'».Kt»tt «.ance«. ia which alli^" '
caiv« w.rj tt*"« dft>ar»eJ: sitting*. ?T» »lh. t
TEfcTel Wt» Xlarkrt tT^ ~5T'%'~vI : ii*?B. « l»r?
Ooaan; titit{>qt\n jgyiaranteyj : aht-ra; life, [
W. O. KiCtiiAN b^W* t*at ctame* every nliht I
r .**5* t>l t " UV; * ;t - lsku> x l ** *»•»**» *» '
MH*. KBEKHAttl.T les:| CM«t teV' a "tV^OL i
jg.''» 2ad fct . Ut. VaHncta A MiiU n: He- I
F"rij»4»h.». H»!l SM M:Ai!i*ttr: tt»u to *U. |
*t Xtej r—aui«> «Hii> / >lra. Uem ani c.ibera. ;
WHS HAK»AM<r : t«*t rtnr«»rTrwiB" E T"»^~ |
U» b»»; reaaiaaa tfai-y; voiu*. kV.e,ti,.4 *
KATlt HKl >t\IA\.\ S circle I^T.tVv «>*"^ i
alt, daily. H\x« HaiajHiB. »ei. Vlmi »»7. f
MRS vO.VXul.1, »4**f-«xt!» »t .; vircle c v«ty '
E ioiV E L-u' r3nU Vv au * u '" n! S h «: *:*tT»ritiaj. '
)w«i Eili* ft ; n C4SH
"X<»\V V»ttvi-«. Heurv Hmrrrt o Krvu^TJb- '
tacv "T«l«t«thy la jh* Uvant" : iliir<J le-ture
v.oj* thi* aUrtaivvTiaut aM»>**rt; b^iue aSfaha :
niertit »U; ti««fv,* « «>:ritu«i t!*^^ ; u
*i.-ie Ivs \vu; ieai*r%»fei* vel«iiathK- li^ajua-
»tr*foca: • m. ; ocutiv: tt«e. »ii a coi'.ev-
tv.»: Vl*»..r»a» H»H. <vw r^ilp*,' buiia lQi .
aVvecth ana *2ar*«t »;».
•H AMI TK UH-N ATlTA~»Tu deiiv«r bi»~TfaT7dk
t. Shi. S O-Clcc*. «l* 8=tsta« «.; a j vv. \ e .
c*a:a E«<-iti>-.
(Uo4; OU«J FtJtowa" VylMl&c. !» .„ • , U J.
te<.A t -dctaro aoJ the FK>Q.i '; aJatiaji^a Kh..
i KUlRttSlV f !»»!rKi:«!:»'* KT^TW VAi
F«Ho*»' balWro*;. 7\b a^i Xlariet *;». Mrv
J*_ j»_JI-Ul:«. »i*a\«jr; fie-.
KKti: Tt»9««b.t: If* Lbvitatloo*." M..--,
H>ma:i v f yhkas-X SKtf Market. 2:.ti> v>. u».
.\ ¦ V . - • B*» «i«j.ru «\aa j Jw r vr tcur 1*.^-
tlf: <.^*i *IV*V. tuu-tl seil: »ill i« K e »W
***h. l! "ii«ne»t«J ::¦-.>:¦.. i-.v '.r.-i i* ii
W.V Kl. <.>>'k.-au»d.
mitn*. iHHi.v kt«v"~~
.WABbi-IXO visarkn. ijli::., tarrou: a'.t
» -J» vf »(/&4 « j •»-. , v i>iivM>; goidiLta. »e;-^-v
'«"• *^: -,'- V| »« v * * vrt - : : *« «m He*»»
ttii*t.« Vji K«U«i Ca*uy > T nbi C iMaWal a»4~t«.
•vates: vn:ijrtii.: t !.u>^rv ii aKa. 'ilW* Wlb n.
HO A K UI \«« *V« CHVtURK \.
bt^r4: guvKi jwarn. 3tV Prospect, mt.
• AVTtU-A >«ua« till W bvaJU" --21* Lu'
I kooci n> g ho t'gKg yon » a lk —^«>«»» I
A. CAMKRON & CO.. Phont South 1CS0.
j & Kdily *t., cor. Market and 1'owell.
Hea'j'jucr »*•»>! for toossiog bouses, ho^ei* and alj
i kind* at twalnees <ri>aoc<*,
JO*J-rooro modern family hotel; twetl lo<»<lc»;
Cret-cJass Irad*; octan l»at}ja; e%-*ry thing up 'v
oat*; riearlDg HZ0Q month; wjll U USfU
Cced for one-«hlrd ler* tban <o«t to fgioltrli;
obliged to leave February I. piiv« I1S.00O.
I'O room*; rent 175; 2 year** lease; good p»r- j
maueot and tranvient iiousv; price tl200.
I 44 room*; rent only $123; 5 years' l»a»e; run. j
\r\rg water; everything In good condition; clear* i
¦ >1ZO to $100 p*r month; prlt* |2*»orj.
' 13 rocmsr corner; re^nt $95; o«k furniture;
gu>d carp*t*. hair mattre**e«; part cash, bal-
ance on time.
iH rooms: flne, sunny corner; rent only ISO:
. well furr.'ehed; all ovtdde reom«; fine yard;
'dearf I10O.
i ¦ .
I t% room*; rent >25O; 2 years' Iea»e; wejl fur-
| nlshed throughout: cloee In; flr*t>ola«a boar-1-
Ing-houee; clearing S25O per month.
B rcom* and bath: rent tlH: water tree; new,
modern flat, furnished 1 ytar; price SiXO.
220 room*; grand, new, modern apartment
house; #!egantly furnished; awell location;
clearing S4C0 to |C0(> p«r mor.th; golden oppor-
tunity.
30 ro<:ms; rent S03; flne loratlon: all en 2
floors; ."5 year*' Jeaee; clear* J100, full; |2<jC0.
123 room*; first ¦<-Uk* downtown house; S-ye«r I
lease; rheap rent;' private batha; doing fine-
commercial buslneta; reduced; eee this, :
47 rcoms; r«nt >I25; good leas*; fin* location; '
aome apartments always full; clears S2W.
JIG room*; r,«w, elegantly Hppointed apart-
: ment hou»e; cne of the «welle*t In city; clear-
ing I50O to |600 month; splendid orportunlty.
i 7-room. new, moJern tint: $150 c»»h. balance
en Installment*; lncom* $15; price $550.
24 room*; rent $140; newly furnished; flne
neighborhood; clo*e in; alwaya full.
182 room*; moat elegantly appointed apart-
. ment houia in San Francisco; beautiful, modern
building; fin* entrance; cheap rent; clearing
$400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash; bal-
ance 8 per cent per year.
" room*: golden oak fur.; Moquet carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer.
60 rooms; rent only S200; downtown house;
alwaya full; clearing MOO to $.100 month; new-
ly renovated and ln fine condition.
15 rooms; Van Ness ave.: oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain if taken at once.
•¦ rooms; bontcn location; elegant building;
luxurioudy furnished; all modem convenience*:
grand entrance and halls; atrlctly up to date;
tailed Eaet by «lckne*s.
12 room*; Postjoak furniture; Urusiela car-
pet*; clears $50: $300 ca»h. balance on Install-
ments; prlca $800.
B0 room*; new and elegant building: furnUhed
beautifully and up to date; hot and cold water
every room; $1000 cash necessary.
7 rooms; rent $3S; modern house; new furni-
ture; clears $cq ; enly $100 cash, balance time.
14 room*: rent $40; new and modern little
noardlng-houar: flne furniture; hair mattrerscs;
clearing over »200 month; price $1000.
21 room*; r.nt only $125; flr«t-cla*« condi-
tion: oak, mahrgary. blrd«ey« maple furniture-
«xlra fine farp«t*; clears $70; price $2000; half
cn*h, balance 1 i-i per cent.
21 room*; Howard »t.; rent only $C0: good
fUr ;.*w d . carp " t: •"''•""ing *l«0 per month; $100
cash, balance time; price $300.
10 rooms; rent $50: clone In: oak. blrdseyw
maple fur.; fine carpet*; elegant little transient
house; clear* ?125; part eaah; price $C0O.
, IB room*: Van Ne«* ave.: rent $S5; oak. ma-
hogany furniture; alwaya full; price $1200- al-
most new. '
) «fl room*; chenp rent; furnished last June-
SiJ.Hv furnltu "- e : Uruaaels carpets; clears over
$250 per month; half cash, balance 1 per cent-
owner alck In bed.
R0 room*: nush: rent only $l«2; good furni-
ture, carpets; clearing over $200 # per month:
enly 14 rooma to toke care of, bafance do own
work; a ana p. ¦ .
31 rooms; rent $110; fur., carpets new; clear*
over $100 per mo.: 2 years' leaee; wife sick In
hospital; part cash; $1700.
10 rooms; rent $15: new carpets: newly pa-
pered and painted; clears $30; $150 cash bal-
ance time.
5 rooms) Geary: rent $20: flna little home- 3
rooma rented for $25; price $200.
13 rooms: rent $C0; oak and mahogany fur •
good carpets: fine yard and garden ln rear-
ell?" ln * 00; Ie * VM balance, landlady; price
. « rooma; rent $35; oak. fur.. Brussels carpets;
.J rooms rented for $28; price, $S00.
.« rooms; new. modern flat: rent $45; all light-
cost $S5O; w.lll sacrifice, quick sale; $C50.
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market: Phone John 531.
Headquarters for Rooming- Houses.
• „. New Apartment House.
Hotels. K1«m and Private Homes.
AU Title* Guaranteed.
Call. I Can Suit You.
A SPECIAL LIST— I OXLV SELL BAR-
GAIN?.
¦:jL-\r* rt T nt . 1 HoUM '"- 20 to SO* rooms.
lOO^Rnomlng. Houses, 2 to 400. prices $100 to
ro Hotels. 20 to SOrt rooms, all prices
?2 V mt L, . to , 12 mo™*- from $50 to $1000.
40 Boarding- House* IS to 250 rooms.
100 Store* and Business Places for sale.
MONET TO LOAN OX ANY HOUSE.
MY REST BARGAIN IS W-ROOM
CORNER BAY-WINDOW HOUSE.
Near O'FarreU and Geary
Must «ell: offer wanted
See DECKER. t>06 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
WINSTON *T\vOLF;
102C MARKET. 1026 MARKET.
(TELEPHONE JESSIE 2211.)
NKW AND MODERN LODGING AND APART-
MENT HOUSES.
«> roeras: corner; rent S-TOO; long lease. S-SOOO
lu. rooas; hotel: reasonable rent.... J21 000
2i*0 rcoms; Megant furniture Jll'riflO
715 rcoms: furnished by Sloan & Co $l.\0i 0
s»» rooms: hotel: central location... ST.Vm)
.<» rooms; rent S170; part cash STOcif)
40 rooms; rent J125: Putter *t *47OO
H4 rooms: corner: swell Iccatlcn J.10OO
tx rooms: real S«M> : flne location *1SOO
1F T^V^? 1^.^ 001^ 1^ 0 rOR CHEAPER
HOt SFS WE HAVE THEM ALSO
WINSTON & WOLF. 1CS6 MARKET.
A WEEK'S news for i rents— The Weekly Call.
lg page*. In wrapper. f Or mailing. $1 per year.
aVOnCIXn-HOIiyKS WASTED.
AM looking for a good !?dging-hou»e; one that
win par a good percentage on Investment;
44S r °Ca^i 1V '''flc«* lre PliC * * Bd Iocat!oa -
I WANT a taedlam-»lz<?d lodglng-hoa»# in a
boi «7^ e C^?t UCn: r * a * 3Ba - w * nnt - Addre«s
l.OUGI.NG-HOl.SES TO LE1\
LODGING-HOUSE. CSS-et-« CcsaiercuT .t •
Botlc? cb premise*: exceptional opportunity*
¦SPIKITUAUSM. ~~ ~~
ATTENTION— Prof. Fred P. Erans. the famous
¦ psychic frora NewTork Ctty.kEown as the In-
O*c«t«?*ct »tat-wrl!»r £ clalrroyaat; remem-
bered a» Otliforcta's tnosi resfweted « gifted
medium.; tadorwd by tte leading societies A
Journals *f tb* werid d-.ct--l to •pirHua'llsrn
& psychical research, for the marvelous manl.
fe*tattcos tiat oecur ta his presence. Con-
stttt*d dally «« atl imrort»« EBatters.^pIrttnal
or mat*rtaLOfflc*.tll2 EJdy »t..near Octavi*.
Seadi stamp for partfcttlars. Pfeoce Scott SS7.
MRS. DR MARTIN. wcai*rftil sptrltoal heal-
' *r aad business caedhas: mlala? a specialty:
: advice I guarantee oa an bastaess prepesi-
j. • ttoss fi Ve »acge»»fg|. Sy weaierfal asag-
'• net wtTI brfsg- reojacilisLClos aad lasttag peace
. w*ti tit* cnt you lore; mdisgs br matl rao^t
' satisfactory. VJti readiegs daily. St- tl»v»:op-
ia« cUs* Tbur«Iar. S p w m. Zti2 E.iij st.
! MRS. &R. £L SANDERS. 4l<5 Po«t St.— WorW»
gt?ate»t meihrm; ba»ia*ss sHttsga dairy;
-mental suggestion »=•! new- tSoczht taozht;
Sujoday bjr appotntawnt. Telephone Red 2*ul
': 31ME. FARXHURST. cla.frroyaat aad rard
I readert bttstoess advice; aittiags <J*iIy. 9 a.ss.
; ttj, S> p.m.'i prices 23c opt SS McAllMl^r »u
I PR0.l\ Ft«d P. E^aas. aetaii psj-ite ter «Ut«-
wtttiog aai clairvoyance;- staa? for eiteaUr
I - U12 Eld? »U. ar. OctaTta; ch:«i» Swct 987.
I KKAD. ob ¦ pa«e e of » «traag* ea*» itul re-
covery by advfc* oC ISZLA.R. the Woociertal
' Cyggy ' ~ ' "" ' ~" ' - -
A— MRS. CR1XDI.FT. materialtiteg **aac«
, Sus»lay gvy.. SOc. £3 Kills »u » oTtVxb.
! MRS.. REYNOLD!?- graod matsrtaKatag teaa;«
at Z g. P» Saxgay. -30c 32S Dm.ft,
' MR5. LESTER, tesft aaii ooat3«^«9) rr.^-thjm;
j eircf tQMiigitt. tOc? readfaga «tafly, S*2 «t».
KATIE 'HJECSSJ«AJV?r-S etrefe FrVl*t rr«^
* SJc; ait. daUy- 10TO HarrUoe; t«L Mtat 99t
M'lrtlTl' U.IMI Cm tinned.
C. V. MIIXER"S niat»-rializlng aetace to-
cigbf. S o'clock: fl. 10*4 Bu*h tt. '¦-__ ';
FDWAKt) V. AHl.tr.. jnrj KJ11«. .r»»<lirur» ilally. •
• r*O «« 4. M«Bf»« Fnrviar anil THur»4aT. J
CLAIItVOVA,NT». j
CAfeHMJJtK CAfcHMU .E | #
51« Kill*. iv»ar Taylor. *
Tb* Only Payrhlc I a term' <3 la tor '
of Kerr»-t t'v* er in America. •<
'."ialryojant, Palml*t. Tratic« Mtdium.
. ¥t Mxmnmm 1» her w^jrk. without w«nJ «r i '
question felJ*-you Ju*t what you Tract to '. •
krwyw; t*lla ycjr nair« tn lull and the nam« |
til the cn« you will taarry. I
A—fi THIB r. EEK $1 !
V/oaA*rtA Uwll<l*rinr. U th« »crk « .
'as'imJre, p«»r «>f all clairvoyant*; her read- I
»'ag*. cwirtrhiu, bt*ln«->>*. mln**: reunite* •
lh» »*[ysrate<l; give* »«»,-rrt yjw*r to contro* I '
any oru. in 21 •'.» -. » . r<-ir»o*e» »*11 tnflnence*; j
4«>v»1of« rTj'<Jium*; lrK-at*» hl>Men tr»a*ur»; '
give* titan*; 4*U>». farts; reading* by mail
A-J'AfL DKfiTINE.
The Kli*t H"el»t#re.l Tranc» Clalrroyant
and Paltnift Kr»r In Ran f-'rar.- !»••<. j
I 1-. hereby solemnly agree and guarantee fj
(/:»:-.•- n« rharge If J fall t»» «*ll your name. o«- i
• uration an<l what yrri called f'jr; 1 proml*e to j .
trtt you «h»lh»r h>iat>an<), *»lfe cr *weeth^art j
Is t«-j«- or fa!*»; t»ll trhi arul wh<»n you will
marry; In fart. I will Ml «rvery hr>i*, fear or i
amMtlon b»-tt»r than jou «an t»ll joars*lf: 1 •
retjn!t» the aeiarateii, restore l*j«t affection*.
«-ai;*» happy marriage, give gorA Iti'-k. r»*tore
)r«t tit^rtv: !•> a. m. to »« o. m.; H«n<1ai - . 2 t'J «t-
32«J i/fmrr'U at. I/in f»» ih!» week— SI.
UMK. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS j
C"alrvo>ant and bualnea* mMtum, perrca- I
uently l-xated at 17 Third St.. n*xt Eiamlaer . ;
WiJir-; «h» rwJa your llf« correctly. glve» as |
arcurat* <5»»rrlptl«jn of th* paft. reveal* th«
pr'te.it happening* an4 pcrtrays even!** to .
wcor In the future; If you are In troub>,
•I'.-i. i t«-n-.*<1 oi ivn k«M»r»'i with life, or
»iav/> i!om«l!f, love or b».m!n«s* trwible*. con-
*ult till* great medium anil you will tx» told .
how to 9*treCBM them: ra'jal.:» advice In all
aftalrs cf llf»; 23c up; Mt!«f*cflon guaran-
teed: reading* by rrsll. Tel. lilark MM.
TOl'R life rlearly rrrtsUd by Ml«» Zemdar.
young, gifted rlalr. and palm.; ha* <•*•¦¦, rA
eight; I* a wonderful prophet?**: I have aa-
tonlihed thoiiKamlii with my wonderful, eor- .
rect horo«cop* of their live*, paat, present
and future; I correctly treat your lov« af-
fair*, domestic trouble, bu«. and flnanrial
nu'-cers; rames; I. «0c; g. $1. hr*. 10 to 9.
714 Franklin St.. r.r. (ioMen Gate ave.
ISMAR. Jh? Fgyptlan gyp«y, clairvoyant and
palmtat. permanently located at 1104 Market
tt.. cor. Turk; )>rlvate reading* dally, 10 a.
m. to ft p. m. ; readlnga by mall a* satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, S3; send lock of hair, date of year
cf birth; don't a«nd currency; send pestofflce,
Wells-Fa rgo money order or registered letter.
THE ORIGINAL ROMANY GYPSIES. ~
Palmists, card reader*, clairvoyants, trance
imdluma; the only tru« life reader*; vIMt
them and b* convinced of their wonderful
powers; no fairy tales. 285 Geary at.
MME. MA RCELLA. just 'returned from Tt-
tend«-d tour, readn past, present and future
vby ancient Kgyptlan egg method and Le Nor-
mand rarde: fee, SI. 1613 Lvcn St.. bet.
Bush and Pine; phone Geary 2657.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERO. palmist, clalr-
voyant, card reader: when others fall try m«;
goorl reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. O. ave.
RKAI) on pare 32 of a strange iaf and re- j
covery by advice of ISMAR. the Wonderful
Gypsy. ,
A — Mme. Ravenna read* life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st,. near Market.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 23c.
gents SOc. 1)51 Mission st.. nr. f.th op«n Sun.
MISS ZKMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.:
names; L. 50c, G St. 714 Krankltn.nr.G.G.ave.
MISS WARD, for a few days. 5)17 Market, r.
11-12; gives names, dates, facts. Hours 11-9.
MRP. BAUMANN, the well-known Fortune-
teller. Is Tiow at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. WYZAN. clairvoyant card reader; name*;
25c; satisfaction, lf.'.s Harrison St.. nr. 6rh.
OLDEST lady palmist «nd card reader In city.
2C'j Kearny. room 20; ladles. 23c; gents, SOc.
.MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 1.12 (ith to 23V, 6th; la. 23c;g. SOc. |
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit- !
ting* dally. 44NV; Jersle st., bet. 5th and 6th. j
CAHI'KT ¦^EATIXCAro aEAJil?IG.
AIR cow universally used la cleaning carpets
en floor, without removal; price moderate.
£. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. CaU
building. Phone Main 0237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your wars-
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. S55-357 Tebama st. : tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. ISOO Har-
r1«on *t.: Al cleaning: 3«: teL Mission U2S.
HOPKE. BROS.; excellent carpet beatinu: mat-
tresses made over.1432 Howard;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutterst.:
tel. Main 3ft4. CEO. WALCOM * CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works ;prtces !
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.: tel. Mission 283.
CONKLIN'8 Superior Carpet-beating Worts.
SX.1 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 128.
DENTISTS.
DRT^GRUS^^-^ttCaUaKha^'^r^Markrt
and McAllister its., uses tha Basford Obtua.
der; the only device ev«r Invented for grlnd>
leg. drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at ctflce-.
DR. LUELUM HILL. 1442 Market. nr. Eleventh
— Is'o cfcargr for extracting wMa plates ar»
made: old plates made over Ilka new; teeth
from $ti per set; extracting SOc: gas given.
A NEW" plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
\7ananted-20 yrs.: crown. S3 CO; filling!*. SOc;
plates. S3; full set; all work painless and war*
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Denial Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set t*eth $1 SO up: crowns S2 up; fillings 23a.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 53c; crowns, S2; no
pain; ©P*n Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.2C4 Sutler.
A -ARTHUR CHISHOL.M. surgeon dentist.
room 14 Pheian holldlnr Pan Francisco.
UMKSIIMAKBIUI AND SKA HSTlt I •:.*. >!•:«»
McDOWKLIi DRESSMAKING AND MIL-
LINERY SCHOOL.
I.ai'iiV tallorinc.
Hpevlal course for drescmakers.
Special rate* to old pupils
Patterns cut to order; linings fitted.
1010 Market at., above Sixth.
Accordion, cunburst A knlf» plaiting; doub!*
stamps on dress lining*. Sttwart'a button A
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel.Folaom 2121
Mr-DOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure,; av*. claaa. 1019 Mkt.
PLAIN and fancy dressmaking dona at 22U
Klermth »t.. upstair*.
B.MPLOY>IIS.\T OFFICES^
GET ycur help at 1'INE^JaI'AnHseIkmPlot"
MENT OFFICE and Housecleantnf Co.. l.tlj
I'lr.e, nr. Jap. M. K. Church; phona Polk 3ee«.
OKDltlir. AOKI. 421 Post St.- tel. Bush 133-H
Japaneie-Chloea* employment office; fur-
nish*-* beat help; contract* for farm help, etc
A— OIirilKUM Employment Office— Japanese- i
Chinese h»lp. 4'.'8 Powell. T«l. Main S752.
A — GRAND Japane*«-Chlnts« Emp. Office. 413 I
Ftorkton: tel. Grant 1CA: expert, reliable help. I
SWEDISH an<I German Female Employment
Oiflcc. 116 Franklin at.: phone Folsom CSiC.
KCLIAHLR Japanete-Chlneie Employment Of-
fice: all kind* help. air. Stockton; Main 5198.
CHINKSH and Japanese h»lo: e*tab. 20 yean.
Til. Main IK>7. RRADLET «. CO.. «0 Cla/.
EMI'LoVmE.NT \VA.\TED FEMALB. j
A TC.l'Tin girl, aged 17. wants to. car* for ca-9 :
irown child; references; SI2 a month ex- I
Ittcted. Ring up MIS3 PLOTKETT. M*!a
M7g
A CAPABLE heusewcrk girl with ctty r«ffr» '
ences wanti a ; la' — in the Mlssios at KA a
- mentb. Office «z*n frcm .«:3«» a. m. M » j
p. m. Can be> *~trn at MIS3 PLL'XKSTrTS
Koiploymest Bureau. lUi Satt«r »: . n- »:
Powell.
AN infant's nurse, ycuoa; iM capabtf. be»5 *J i
ref*r*»c«!» <G>rmaa). aod -ir-i» r<: \:-.i* nn »t I
infants therooKhly. wants a r ¦'*-¦•* at 5-\> •« i
mentb. OSfice ooen frrwn S;S«> au r>. ».» >
p. m. Can fc« seen at MISS PLCNKSTV*
Empk.ym«at Bcrcaa, 4C3 Sattcr at-, stevv
PowetL :-. _--.
D-RErfSMAKEK. tadtes' taiKw aad s«t>«iui*V«f!
cutter and fitter; gowc» tra i- at -i- .• w «**.
gagemests p#r day; only ••-<.-..!, , %atk-
done. EC BARSS. 13 Hv*»» »• Iv viu »V
FlErST-4ri-ASS t'ix«;:«.«. w»k« u*W^M«Vao£
dreismikbxs. wlshe* EosiUon «t *e**n»*tv»>*
tn Bti «T»Se famUy: -lately rr--r,. New \-ua« •!
twist re'erenees. 3USS A, \\\, IK'.: iVt^>v*
DANI5H wesnaa wi;a«* a *ituatU» »V »ju«-
keep*r tn ctty or cvuatrxi gvvvl j*r«MUv V »
Addret* 23 LapMg* »e.. b*t t::; 1 • .-. .;•» -ui
Xla*t««atn. «S ValtBcta.
TtrtTNG laJr tf«»lrv* « rcatttOA a* W<p>kXe«v«S
or avstataat btxtb^-fepe-r l» ia-.ui.ii.. ... v40v«
r*f«r»ac«s. Box *ll. CaU «>ftK-«.
3TROSO. wflliat ABMtkaa *onwT**i»'V^^
ty tft* day: SI a day; c*rv«t vl*ut£
rstla&te. Box 4^.\ CaU etiW. *w^^»*> j
A Ctn.TURCT> Uiy wou.d liK* a iKimkMk.
(nap»sna t«j a taijy or *.>»«ri *-.». «(Uioc v ,»
Ptmyfthfi j*)0yiO?»^ : ~-'r :\
UHiTY i^iigu No. 131 I. O. O. f.
-lnu,aiion JCEHPAY. iun. 19;
BtteiHt; ..i.i. i.- rordiwliy JnsHrd. ' **>f*A m ''-
\VM l< i.lKOSAY. ti- H.
1%. 1. E. VACfKL. R«c- t>«f. r
A »jKANO /«lttiat;ijo in ii-jaw of £**Jl
•-• 1I0U) niy,.;\>ii».i at ti'-'H- %2Sf
UtM't |)ot«. H()HPMT BUHKS. «*J» f^
«vj!1 take plain on TIJt'.HDAY ~^f^\ t
I.W.tiiHli. January W. in N«liv« Jf*V
Kofii? iiuti 414 Mm*-m *«.. owitr ** 7
• h^ *ura/C*% vt '"Jan Krae* 1 ! Hq, Ift <>r<ltr of
b</lifo ••|#nt. A c|:l«pdl4 \.;'«1 vrogramme
'it 'iuuiUls i.i.1 tone* wl!l L-« j .-.-•. r'"1.
w.-ut Hie .in., n. i, vf I'r-jiii-icr B, P» Hw« '•
1)*U, j*#»i«:jt'i b;- ilu. dM^vti.g «rtl*it: !&¦)¦
l>jano. :)..- £tj*fc Urn Mark: <omr«iLo. Uist
U-nti'/n Ju-l.s^n; trwir. Frank Onflow; b»s*o.
%, A l.uif. «'liDial rei/KtcnUt'on of
• H-i4* an luf." *i;<i the dtpailMre tit I'rinct
<*4i«rtr» iiy i>> ''.aittmen i.i regtilU: tableaux
un.l ihoral >f prtfntution uf •<'»ller H«i -
rin''i •«..••..* °°aii€ >•« Haven PUti*»
ikiiif .'' ui A a »i:ai«^ltnn|r tal>ie«u. ' < )14
l^rj(« S'yn*"; nidiion *>» the llev. 'iE<>l«JK
I). <iiHS'<N: iMUdc l;y <.lan #-¦;»*« * - in <-',*tumc
an<i t-'Mirgitxii'a \>*r.<i; tnl*ii»\nuun< at <i
•/•loi-k . : ri|. to i.. followed i/y a lan<-e,
/"i.i-* i«: .-i..'.- '•'¦ : • htl.ij.M tie. TUkHa
fur mis «l S If AIM iJK<>«. <S! Market at.f
I U. K<f><i Tiii Mitti Valencia n^ , TBV-
£Ki;Al.i-: a. tAKHSAY, fW S«i r»Bi«nio at,
<-OMMITTKK.
M»i Al. N<; gt? |M Aiixtliarir* Km, 1 ai:4 2
will M*J h •Ptcjfl ii-e.<i,.g „< I'nion &juaie
l!..:- t»l KfMV, Januaiy 17. *i t »>• in.
<jy tityUr Of «»• «AVA«»K. Prt-si.jenl.
tl«X"KH<JI.IJKRS' MEETINO /Annual*— To
Ih* ?'¦. ;.i,./.'.i» of «lse (irranlc- giramthlp
Comr«B» — l'»«a*« lab* rcti.e ili*t ih» an#
|i:«l mtrimg of n.« t fockltfjMff*. of «!:•
• ¦ -«i.:. ti>*;:«l:ip CQinpany will be h<14 at
ttt pnii'lpal cfrK-« ut the i-onipany it. ».,
fil Market ti.. room 4 ceconi floor) In
tlit rity and rnumr of fan K»an«'(»«-o, State
t.t rallfrrnU «n THI'MSDAY ih* 2l*t def
Lt January, A l>. iwn ai II oilock a. rn.
fur it« i -.i| ••>« uf «rle<-llng director* and for
ihe liarini-i'.on at »u..-h oilier business as
may properly ...n.» l;tfor* u« meetini*. Th*
.-..., i;«i ,-f.i IjCCk* cf :h* ¦ i..i.j •"> will bit
• ..¦¦¦I ito ii'i» <1a>» |.ri.jr io .aid nay of
r..tt<\r.* !• older of the Iioar4 of Uirector*.
|| %V. TiftltAti ctrrrtary Oceania £ieam-
»lit|. rorniaiiy. tffl Un.t-.i «i , dan nan-
<i»cc. Tal. i
rVOffCR «if annual meeting— Tlie regular an-
i ... n.tttii,^ nf ilia »'... ..).. l.tris of th«
• utituriiU •¦'•'¦ i.i.-i I : I e ' ¦ f r ( o • ". i , -,imi..u wnl
|. i «i-i ht the ..in. ? of the mn.iany. null
HOOF. |l! " '¦• t , U 1 1 <-| 1 1 1 K - •"*."i tiaiHltr.) < ai ,
•in TI'»UAV. ln.i.di: pfl. ll.ol <it Ihe
iiour uf .'<:lft p. m.. for il:« pgrpo*e ut elen-
tr.g a i'.rti.l if Idir.l. rt, i., kerve d,i lli»
• n mm nit 'ni .,1.. i I.) 1 1.. ...-«¦ i am h oilier
i,UMiitt« Ms ii.o ••.ni« bef. ire t tie meellntf.
i,... --:-. li.:.il. * wlli ilt.ee mi January '.'U, ut
t u'tloi'U |) .in.
O *V. I'ONMSU'. Bfnelaijr,
hoc lit HI, Itlalio iiiiil.ilriM. »ny.
aTnTTaI.. nieetlng — Ilia regular annual m«t-
in* uf thi *i. . i-l...l.i.t= or Die I'ajaru Valiey
• ..* 1....I..1 H..H..C..I > '. ii.|.iii;> will be hei.l
Hi trt ..it:.e cf tha ri.iiiiiaiiy, 137 Market
rtrtcf. Nn KranrUi-.i. on MUSDAY, Ih* laili
f.n til ir.i...ii.-, I'-'in ot ilta hour nf II
., . If,. W a n. . far ihe ptifpOM ot elerttng .¦
i..,. i.i ¦( dltertr.r* tu ici.e for 111* eniulng
if«r and lur the transaction ..( surh othtr
l.i.tinet* it i. a • . uine before Ih* meeting.
ii. lur.iltF bo>j»a ut ihe rompanr will ()9*i
tii Friday, Jar.i.arv Hi it.m at I p. m. !
VV. H HANNAH. Secretary. |
riu: «ri,i;il meeting Df Ihe Afairlatton ct
ihe jif.'intsl f..r t'hlMren anti Training
Hrfeaoj far Kur^f will \ -. liel.l at Ihe hns-
I,tt4l. :'.'in I'alifnrnU flre»l i.n TliUIIH-
liAV. l«i.iiarv 14 HUM, at 1 Ho t> rn. j
At.lZNTh WAMBI), •
V\AN I r'it- An ii|t-l.i .late, live laisin^Es man, I
ay Mil good 1..1I u. un.i « i .in-» 10 ranvasn the ;
hiMie >.f i'i.lif.in.u for the cale of Enuventr
i . it-- - .....i nirdalk M.iie.t i.i the M«s ¦,
i...ii- i.i» Teniplai au.l t.ilur » ... i.iu-, imikl
lie a *i.i»:i ilrr»tri and .-..merSdlH v.itli the
wanis ..f tin li a... ii-ite« ; a fcalaiy mifrit-ient I
tii nver fi>rf>ii£-e* ...ii lie gidnted, togelher '
with a romtniaaton >n £aU«; a me-mlirr of
I ha i rail rtraferre4, firm whom rffeieme* !
witl i.. required, r'.r parlK ulars write id
'ii.ii H.. t.t. in* «'.< , IH Maiden lane, N. ¥. t'tty.
»• ¦• W i.l'KI.V .,i,.i e«|ense*; sttin|>ie free;
gr#atMs| i. ...;.. . iiixi.tn^t Invantlon of tin as 8 ;
iiiitnmiilU' ndbher; dotb a « ds-i.n.f. tn QO ii.iii-
Wit haul larior tr atientinn; rlieaper than I
any otht-i; |n4tatrMCt)bla| e>rr>i,.«iy luiya; j
..f...... i..;n hg nii.nes ; ii,.hmii.I- or testimo-
,.,..i.- Aiiu.nialio Washer Co., Hlaiion I),
t In. afc...
WANTKH- Afc-enta to cell cplendid artirl* t«
hmiEfke«()eraj ail want it; one agent mad*
• lint in tin .Ii) i tn tiri.iliei; only rellahU, In.
iltifctritxifc <t B eiit& nec.i a|i|ily; new article;
raad; Mllar; i.v i . iiiiiiiskions. Addieta
.it ilil.i:K illON I'll., Omaha, Nebr., lStt:l.
\V AN'TKh - tlannrlefc* bhaving powder agents,
•very uwn in I 1 , H.; no iai<>r le^mred; free
i ... !..!>.• M.i.i lit rents for [larking, mailing,
etc, Ad.irrn- UuiUon i'ro;ess t.'o., «ulta u
"fttt-'l Maiket *t , .-*.. KrancUt-o, I'ai.
AV i>ni»-Kor £an Fraiultcn. Oakland. Kerka-
ley, Alamf.ia and < I tier i. t»n. Al agtrnta. AlH
ply A, iiOVK UAIIlirTT, Western lndu»-
t rial i'o. it-. NMtth M.. Oakland, bet. 10
and 1^ a. m. and 2 t.i b p. m
' f 3MKI— ASK uk to tend addre^iaea of agent! «v1iq
make it exery year tiflling "King pf Kire
IKiiletV: «-ni> one i.,.i,.»r.i thtrugo fire in-
• leasrs ilfnianl. Fjri.Ule Mia- •'.» , 44 Mm
ra} 1 tt.. New York.
I Ai.KNTS make Pim per cent profit selling 'Nov-
rltv S g.i far 1s"; meivhant* tiuv 10 to 100 on
Fight; -mii tanetUk; i'aialt>gu« fur rll'H.l-
\'A\ CO., 1 1 in Maplewood ave , Chit'ago, 111.
. iltlOlN i)-,|kin-irs (r yourself; fctnp working for
¦ thci>; ». i ail ynu in pivlilat.le mall-(i<-der
:..?!!.• a.- Ii. me; iiumtiike inuflt*. Addresa I
... .HP • !:¦¦<> i«l. I t\l-. I'rHVr.. «\.|.» ,
I AOl'KTH— An agenry for a pnposltlon that la 1
h decide^ inMir^vemera on l tratldtnB and loan )
I* ...,i>, havlu*;. <iir-<i Wr.'ina l!ii|-u..e-
i.ifnt Conipanv, l'arrott building.
I Hi:AHQr.\ltTriKU for fcest selling goods for
agents, t'ariflc Agent*' Supply Co., ViM
Vrirat aiv.. San FranciB-o.
ATTfgj N KV ».A1V |.A\V,
W. U. TnTTVEr^
: ATTOUNEY AND Cul'SBKLOR AT LAW.
Advic* tree. Then* South 143.
t-. .if C$t Kmma Hj.reck*-!* building,
ivw-.-.t* duieilv and lefially obtained for
«t(ht causes: damaae* kecured fur injuries ta
m*. it cr eatate; iep!evm« for property un-
!«»:.,:> drtatned; attachrnents and garnish-
;ui u K.r JfM»; bonds furntahtd; t anVruptos
iu.f.'i-,ji, wills probated; cttatas tauled;
coUerticns mada in all parts ot th* U. a.
] A PRIVATE, quirk dlvcrca fo» a smalt Na,
fee me a»d iav« money: no pay ia advaac*.
U W. HOWE ATTOItNRV-AT-U-WV.
»«u».li»V.nl ?; yr» : rm» 1. _• X • Jfe 6. 1st a.
\\n Market *i . between Xlason and Taylor.
Ad\lce free, all roattara. Detective* «mv>li>y*d
j K. VV. KIVil. Attorney-at-|.aw, K\ant. bhigT
Cth Hior. entiam-e r<v>m ill; established X0
\i'«r»: a!i o»w»; general c*»uri and office prac-^ I
iii* ; r»» f-e »n advance i»i for i-.mv.iIi ni.-u;
vvyning* »v apfodntment. T«l.. Hed 30«l,
j GE<\ >V. AVKHI1.L: advic« given la all cases!
dlvorve, prc-bate. t^antcrvtptcy and attachment
»yti» a k|*cialty; ,«racttc« in both sut* and
>td«rai courts. Rocm iCX 4th floor, Tarrott
!•»& Mari«t at.; phone Howard. !?5M.
I ADVICE tt«» — i will advance cost in mentor!
*>ua cate* .'hi'irt.. probate and aU o;b*r ta*
»¦¦«;¦ X M. THVKSWN, *J» Xlark.t Yi*. r**-** !
ADvlcB~i-'KK&
Co5uni»>»an Lawi am? Collection A|*bc»
¦ _J^^L^^J'JL^*^!!^ 1 Ll! 1 Joiia e * 2 *-
[ I'JVOKCE - I'tut*. »18: qwlck. qulel; advlo*
| "*•¦ OP*** evening*. W7 Market *».. r. St»l. ;
j WXVRi'K costs »12: open ewuttvg^T tenants
ejvcte-vl.tj. tilt) Market. t\~i; v>hon« HtacX USA.
i 1-. >* CI.ARK, UCi Market st : vjasulTiTtTw
fr»»: n- f>-€» |;» .idvance: r>n»n evening*.
ADVEBTISEaCEStT WRITINd.
; iiAVINU i«<.enlly av<j l . - tr«(i tbrovgh axchang*
if i-:-.-..- ii y i>;. - f lib *cbolar«hii» ia the b«et
>.-¦"¦»« el \ J><.-rtikP>* (r» vSe Cnite<l State*.
I will ««H ibeiu »t 25 v«r cent discount for
ca«a: »»• college teaches advertisement writ-
i»I tS «.vr<«ki(cadcB.c*> assiit* t>a s-.aJ-
v»t«s f» »»cur« t>os!Uon%: cat»togu«a fMr-
>.%*»} a-> ar.nMcatic-«t. Add-»»..» box a02fl. Call.
*JiTKUI.oay.
' VvXSVLT Attvr. famous N«« York anjrolo-,
B*r: «dvu-«. feuc-aa. uatiMttes: an aWe. »d-
, lVx»k attww. \2>Xi Mark**.
J Ml'.a 1. VKANCia. astvok>sl*t: lt*was; r**4-
Iwg*: boura 10 to X. Suit* 10; Hotel l^nehAm
I UV r<>t\R»« CH A>CE».
t.\— S PER CENT MO.NTHUV.
v^a lavestFvccts v' lit.V *!Ki a;-v\ «rd, *x> "«»t,
rich-<i«^:V %*lBd,!v twrt *v-ecuiatK-a or satn-
bha^ *c»»do«. b«t a repjvabit. «stabliih«4
k-L»ia«« emerv«s« la S»a k'taacU^o; cU*ri4
IttT.tXV H»l >«at oa JlWkVOO i-»[»;tt':; »toc*
i»cr«a«di ?- J W,(.K.V t<> tsiargt ih» pUasj c*U
Ot v. j:-.- ; .r parltcvlar*.
CEHXUXU INVE»T. CO.. «3I Market •».
! lUM^CORXER l»«vise. T* r-vm- wTih^f
V.-K--1: loot filA tSc«;a Rfal i; >u v, Co.
.-^.T^f 0 "; % V %
j WE ««U lvJslo»-lwuv.*. VesljTvrat^rci^r
>t .•..*». aU pru«v UW vij>: city aB d( country
givyrty. boatoit. l^«al E«»tft Cw,, Si Miwd
j CALl. a'»d »«e vl»* M« or- UxJxtag-Jtoiue* fr«m
« i<j LW i..voj». cl»*»i> i*nvs: iio:«:v n>a<4-
'-««». •aJovn*. r««UUr4Oli, (rceric-v hwy
matles bovv^t *i»4 »«2a. aol «xcbaa<«,i'
nxney to,tQ«a qa cbatt«h; iijil.msrv svore. Vf
i»th»ng». E1TKI. Jt CA»RC»t.t. t 21.^ Xwtiiy.
>'O£s «*H — .\e»sta'54 and branvli
u. -¦.; ik~H tM» ««*k; r«m rMvwiMa aa«i
y.-tco t>w. Ad«lTe.«s bo* 453. Cnli-.
ViZjw—Bl'Tv'tlKR s)v>p; «:-<*ni!> fttced
Kp2«iMJhl l./.:.*i:v.i: tiae tr^.J*; ci'a be (rut.lv
atiMH-u. lXrJL 111'. (. a.'.
HI.SMKS4 <;HAKCK»— <;<*«i<l»o*d.
A-WAX); TUK i»adinar resteurtnl at ih4 fAlVi
rtf.l $160; :.vt touniit * by 4 theater* ; priyal*
hjxr* tor !a.«e»; a f:rM -. lus-t (.iijing pluci'.
ii. '). WlhliK. Wt K-frrty *}.
A I )«.'/.; SAI/MK; rent ti<i: jjjre 4ving a
good l>uMii<tt; <i««rli)g tor /owner at !»¦»•* t
*u'ti \,tr iu«.-rit|j ; patronized by nn-n-tiam* and
I i\iiU)t n..;tHy; no night or Sunday *orj<; a
mi« chance. t'«rticuiars fi. 0. \\ JLKJC, Wi'u
Kcarny tt,
A-41UO0; COHXRll saloon »» O.'ay et., near
l-'ront: ».. <• antll< Juu.-l. ; fen« |4&: *»l*blJth.
«¦•) >rsn; eo<xi Itiitinetv, ti. (f, Wll.ii.K.
2<J>4 Ktaioy at.
A-r-iiU); I'.WAR stand on California »t., n«ar
£*r.iome; rtnt $ft: valu<- in cigbt; « place
wiii» any man earlly can ¦ .'?¦ar %%W p*t \
month. &tt K. O. Wll.KK. Kearny at ;
A~ll«0«>; liBbTAL'llAKT and ':«ff*« aaloo»
Jut-t a few Aot»n from Market »t.; owner*
••'••arijjg af least tSt/i f>*-r p}onrti; will give
inal io i'li-l.u^n if it tritans bu^inest;
«!rKr.(ii of one ut the p*rin*r§ only ciu**
ut rale, if you Ifiveit in this l;u«:»es* your
ji, >.*..> I* well Invested. f#* J(. '•¦ WU.KK,
Uti'i Keainy at, fi
A^fifM; COBNKK saloon in mno\eta\e d)»-
trtct; net r»nt *'*<. ltrase; this )* one (jt (h«
leading and >.< e< pacing places In thtm <"ity;
i»> nlKht work. Ca!> 1J. ti, WlUiK, t*i%
isiuir.y ft.
A '-II 260; OEIJCATEKSeK and <1aiiy prolii?*
tiort; >lo»e to Market and Storkton ats ;
targe elok: clear* at !h.m »"2"'* i*r month;
full talu* tn «l#rht; a splendid utter. Call j
It. O. Wll.KB. W% Kearny at.
A — flOADIiOl'SK with 1& newly furnished
room*; i aihr.../in, barn, 1 <art, 1 rir.tric
|-lar.o; 10 ye*r»' Uatt; rent %ii; price i-UW,
butlnees Iff* goo<1: iliat I* all. For parUcu>
lar* tte R. <J. WllMK, 2€J^ Kfarny «f,
A — »I6OO; DUTCH UB "hop In Western Addi-
tion: rent 140; weekly cale ahout 4 aleer*,
•Jf> sheep; 1 hor*«, I wagon: rfally receipt*
about f.40. eta K. O. Wil.KB. MH Kearny,
A— IIT60; CORNEIl grocery and har <*n
• iutrrero »i ; leait; a good paying IjuilnrEi;
fr>«h stork; all ¦ «*l> trade. 1'srr. uUi* ii.
UK ¥.. Vo ' 4_K ' «r ny_ *t.
A— $1400; CORNER grocery and bar on D*«
vlcedero cl.: owner lia* a fin* paying l<u»l-
n. n, I. iii family affairs compel him io
leave for R$H, fite It. Q. IVM.KK, W/,
Kearny *t,
A— |C00; DRY good* and notion More with 4
fine furnished room* >.n MUtlun *t.; tplendld
. liamr for man and l wlf*. Cull K. ti.
WII.KR. 2«J'4 Kfarny *t.
A — tlUXi; TIIR betl oyster stand In Portland,
(jr.; a man wHIi flr»t -class ref«rencea can
leave i'ii"> stand on ihe Ixisine**, , fiet It. <J.
WIJ.KR, 2t}'4 Kearny et,
A~-^|200; I'AKTNKft; well faiahllelifd offlc*
i.iibiiitk«, nn experience iet)ulr«i1: *I f i monthly
Io each. gee my age.nl*. Kl.'ltKKA XtI5-
AI.TV CO., 710 Market et.
a fl.'.o • " I • i A 1 1 aland; swell loralion; full
«io-k; rent »ln. lOl'JIIOKA RKAI.TV CO.,
T1U Market at. v,
CAN YOU WIN?
The ROCKTON t"RI*r Kour") Rule*
. for Rare i'laj lug are Inily wonderful
in results, and
VOC CAN WIN!
I. v fcllowlns th« Rnrktiin; no tips;
nit tuircf rt (,i it , no line handle* your
money; you play it yourself, and gatn
moderate, eteatly reuirn* The ROi'K-
TON I* honeat, t rust worthy. The
young need not anply. I'rlvate office,
room 0, l-iii Market st, Hour*, u to
I'. 1 a', m., and T to 10 p. rn.
or li new "Oupleii-Srale System" won nver 200
per cent In the paet 22 day* on Krlsrn races;
i. r proof* and leferenre* a»k any euli-
Seriber un nur lUt, or i-all arul investigate;
t \|.lrtiihliiii free la regular aubscrlher* at our
..rn. c only] commtEslon* handled on thl* aya»
i- in lor '.'.¦. per rent of the net weekly profits.
Tenns fur tiur llandirap sheet*, |2 per day or
|10 per week, N. H. HANI', expert handicap,
per, rnoma 1, 3 and 3, 111 Bturkton at,, a, I-'.
I AN' A NT a paity to join me for one year in a
big nmney-inaking proposition In which ,1
have Invested aeveral hundred dollars; want
? '-'no to Hun Hi.rktiii capital; with or with,
out services ; will deposit i-olUteral to secure
your money and demonstrate Ita feasibility
km. i tafsty and allow pro rata of profits; no
irirlers. Hok 4t'.(l, Tall,
1 WANT an established businesa for a cash
. iiFii.iiin - Write full parttrulars lo A. I*
KHK1SS, lOTtt llroadway, Oakland.
STQCK un noNti issue
uf reputable corporation, niiitliig or Indus-
trial, wanted. lla\e every facility for Hell-
ing eame ..it commission; give partlculara.
V. O. r«.» UiVl, New Vork City.
AN eatabllEhed paying typewriter business;
standard machine; territory Houthern Cali-
fornia; or will sell half in(ere«i and give
management to experienced man. "Bee l'av
ill. un It," "M llryson blk, lx« Angele*, ("at.
WANTKO—One or two partlea with tN».f**> tn
invest as working capital to open a fine vein
of domestic and steam coal handy tn large
elty in California, liox 7<A, Call ofrlca.
WAXTKD— A restaurant In a good town or
rtty ou'altla of Han KrancUco; Please give
full narttrulara and price asked, Addre«*
bos 4M>. Tall offlee,
I'AHTV with »M*H> ta «10.(H>rto take T Interest
, in hieh-rclass exclusive and Imported linen
and lare l.uainens; a big thing tor right
party, ilax 4tM), I'ail
Foil sale— A leKttlmate and weU establiihed
business; will clear f3OtVf5OO per month;
pvrty has to move. Apply at once, box 4*7,
«'all effloe,
I'AIITNEII wanted] with »3OOO- S5*XK>. in a
legitimate, established and well i^aying busi-
ness. Apply at ortcc. box 4H3, Call office.
A GOOD position or partnership wanted tw a
young man with aome meana. Address but
3i;i, i*all office.
•WANTEO — A *U-day restaurant In good lo»-a-.
tion; state full wiiuubn. l*ux -043, Call.
CIUAkt stand wanted on a good corner down-
town. Addrea* with price, etc., box tus. Call.
1 Vyil.li buy a tutoher *hop In a good loca-
tion; will pay cash. ]to* tibi, rail.
WANTKlv— l*dy partner, bet. age ot SO ana
4», li> food business. Hox 4S4. tVU offtce.
WANTK1> — Stationery and notion store; »tat«
price; rent. etc. Box 4 43. Call.
3Al.(»O.\ for sale, north, of Marku «t. inijuire
Oolden Kagle l'l» (\^, cor, Kiue & Mivntgy.
STOVK and range businesa: good atock; cheap
M.-ttket st. rent. Hox «7v. Call cfrtce.
A I'NIQI'B chanc«; complete modern printing
offtce at sacrifice; Jlliv. Uox tk\ Call.
i-RACTlCAI. printer; tUXH) to $^^P0: owner ea«
gaged In other business. i\>\ vx>. Call.
*'\>IJ *al?— $'i5i>; c<umtry Kacksmlth »h?p;
good location. Apply Itt Beale st.
tVK sale- I'utviltt route on Call. Apply UIOI
Tw«Bty-fourth *t.
JX»1J sale-~rCv»roplete dyeing and cleaning wo^k»;
good l.tcation. Mox 2»Ct\ Call office.
A rNU' — lUlrdr-euing parlor* at Invoice tabout
H.W'i: doing fine bu»tness; will teach partr
buying it necessary. Addreaa box 3£S. £u-
reka. Cal. - ¦
Sl^VVONlAN, a rtench restaurant man. to
start plac« in *ixkI location: owner witl »<-
* >l if necessary, . liuiulje corner saloon. 3-W
I'attforp.ta at.
OX account of havln*; to leav* tb« ctty, I wlU
s*!l my re&taurant. located on tlayea st.. at
\t>e low price vf >W: the rent Is veay reason-
. atl». Aqjrgsa U>x 4XX CaU ottic*.
¥VU fc»!« — Stther the «oovU or territory on a
flee article \» put ia the trade; a fine chance
tv» traveling salesman. CaU oo K. E. OR.VF.
8O Post »t.. room 1\ j
rLANlNQ mill for sal*.; eoeiplett mill, 'ia-
ctudiiis »a»h and door machinery; ftae looa-
t:..n; weU e»uMi»hsd tu»in?*»; locate<l tn i
Atamed-o Cix Add.r*»a P. CK bo* StZ.OaktaiKt.
WAXTtl 1 — A partser to accept a> half Interest
in & of \*>* lat*»t Jfi'tn. Apply ilt tv,
Ma son st.. ux.iu 10; ik> «cbemen» r?«4 apply.
A MILK bi*sl»*a* for *al« to? $330<V with
hirst's, cows, wagoas. etc. P. C. L».\SSE.S
; * CO.. 4e« Tenth »t. OakUnO. Cat
$i9C0- OLI> es'.aWt»i!«<l corner grocery an<J bar;
«i- opposition; *i->i*T>Jia ts*» trade: so agents '•
w«ute4. Particutara 53. Sharon »t. '
If* yes* hav» a delicate&s«a sto-e or- restaurant
><.h.i, want to »elr, or a good plic« to- t-pen v>o«» '
| i(Mr«M box 434, CaU offtc*,, v •
HAVE $}<X»: **"t partuer with. ltk.» awotwt for
' v+ylas fcttiln«!ks; o»vut aVso f^\« aervlcea.
: A.iOi*s:» tt>.\ *M.», CaU of,3ce.
MAN. stejile.. smalt capital., partaer. t>utct»-.r
; aoo; iav«*tl«at«. S«ox 43t*. CaU.
tV*\ *a^«— l-uwb*? yard.t «oo«J hjcattoqt.i a-.\?*^
- r»at chanc* to. ««t: a yar<J oo sirwU pay©«ijt
i!u«9; bo as en to. Box $%\ Cull.
CK!AIt ¦,!•>.-» W Uuwl-y olUc* an4 3 livlr.*
roon>.v r«»^ $13. for *at« chea.p. tnquir* Tji\
Mi !..-»•- .a »t.. »•*»• T>«eat>-»ix.th.
J4f«V- RSS C .VV RA^T for »*J«l on* Byiwf-ioo'nv
3?i Frao;iaa »t -
¦VN-antei>— ciiiar ataad: glvt j»rlc« an4 tocat
tion. U>.\ 4tt. Ca» offlco.
PHOTC* gattery;: llf»« Mark««-3t. toca.tlo»: V«ry
cheap. T- P. ANVRgW-St, iff9 Mont3»n»«cy..
FV>« »ai« — lAikery u.ai leJ*c.i'.e».--«t store .Jj»d/»
i arn-«ra»s busiocas. B»x 33S. Call; »«c<fc.
CH A!VtKS— Contlooed^ j
104'ItOQM family hot<l on, flnc*t «U**t In ;
<1»y; gr»n<i w «- w building; beautiful entrance: :
new ttnl JuxurU»u«ly <urnl«b*d catering o»'y
to ttr*l-'luts trade: th* <-ui»ln» unBUtvassed:
hot un4 KdUi w-iun water batti*: every
'.guipment up t<, da.U ; Oaring IJ200 per
momh; account of «wo>-r l*avlng city this '
flue b«u> will U aacrifloed for orw'thlrd let*
«n«n cott:»If »oid by February 1. price
»!6,O/0; »iccjuflv«iy w jjj, CAMBBOX &
±M>,~s$.tA&y tt.
r«»iayrar.t man ¦n-ith
eoni*- money t o , a t» lining-room kitchen in
*9iell?st a>«rtn)«-ot hoiue In city; n» othfr t
restaurant wJih^n fiv« block*. CAMKKON &. j
3 Kddy «t. - j
VQli wte or tr7<le~ Quartz "mice: fine project; '
Jotate<j | H <-»| >; Hstfayw |j,, to "170 ton; «r*de |
r ' m '*. *"*"** " r b| J*lne*«. Ca»neron.3 E>dy. ;
fOIt tale— Well. Io<-afe4e*ivdy store; all e<julp- i
V* tot making own tandie*; »ttabll»h*d H I
j/rara; clearing ove r »200 ner month: wlU In- '
~Z?-Z*J^?1 * i2W CAMERON. :; Kddy «t. |
HI0HKST fafh prlre paid for storks cf rr,*r- \
<han4H*. S^e A. CAMBRON & <:O.. 3 E44y ;
POH trade— income. brarlng city property for
el<v-k* of merchandise; any amount. CAM- .
KHON ¦ & «."O.
ifOH ea\e^4)ne of fh* b*«t restaurant* in cMy;
#h'ap rent: receipts $76 to $K»0 pe»" day: will
Ijfar lnvert|g£t|on; price *1W»O: alro on* ln |
KOfxi Iflf-atiorj for IKQ CAMERON & CO..
3 Kddy *t, '
\KHX low figure; well clocked, good paying
cor, hataar: mint b« »old. 1C00 Dev|*a4ero. i
A HKANCH <jfn<» of TJj* Call for tb* r^eep- j
ttcn of ad\ertlarment* and aubScrtDtloo* has |
fce«n cp»n*d at J00« Market al., oppo*U» I
Klfth. Open until it p. m
COLL.UCTIO.'V OKKICKS.
HAO tenant* ejected for $4; collertlop* ma<J«;
rlty or rouniry PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. 416 Montgomery, room* t-10: t«l. tM«
|COTTAOE<I TO^LET^
POTTAdK to !*t; ft rooms and bath. 1017
in^frn 28th and S»tb.
NICK' furnlclt»<l cottage; marine view; 6
room* and bath. 2714 Kllbert *t. .
COTTAGB, r. room* and bath, large *unny
yard. 2C2.1 Huih at.; >20.
COTTACBI WASTI3D.
M'JTlll'.lt and daughter wl*h to rent, for 8
in. null*, a collage. «.f :i or 4 rooms; must not
eiiceed an hour'* rldts from Han Kranclsco.
!:¦¦» 7<N, ihII offlrf.
CTJltBa KPTTPng. '
WHO IlOi:s ITT IIUNTEH. 12CKJ Market at.
6«nd for circular. Why will you aufferT
BAN KllANCIHCO, Oct. », ll»(«.
iir. A. Huntfr—
Dfar Hlr: Kor ten yeara I havn b»»n af-
ni.tr. i with acrottl rupture, I uied all kind*
of iMitHi-fe; aonia rernmm^ndi'd the knife, oth-
era th« needle, Volir rupture holder gives
|.«-rfr. i *atl*ractlnn. My health 1* better than
It haa been for yrar*. Your* truly,
DIKOKICII HKNKCKB,
, S(»il3 Mission *!.. H. F.
I ,O I) « I \ «T|| O U sltC 5 POirVALD^
MAIIION OIUFFIN.
«M H*ar«t lilrtg., over ••Kxamlner" entrance.
Modern buitnes* nirilirtla In flne front office*.
I'hona [Hack StVi7 or take elevator to 4th floor.
I'l'-iii iluif title abstract fr" with *very sula.
\\ r « do butlnea* miIi -ily according to law.
]>O you want a big transient house?
ONH that will clear *r>ix) a month?
UK have that kind of a house.
OFI'KHICI* at flniMi |»s* than Us value.
uWNiCH haa been called out of the city.
OKI5ATK8T numey-maker In San FrancUeo.
MAIttON ORIFFIN, 40<l K««mln«T llnllJIng.
HA11OA1N of the city; corner apartment -housA
of l&o rooms elegantly furnished, alwaya full
ami clearing |.M4 monthly; Inexpensively oper-
ated compared with other houara of similar
character; low rant; will clear 4i» par cent per
annum on putrhaan price.
MAIIION nrilFFIN, 4imi Kxamlner rtulltiing
WIKK ln hospital caiisea *arrlfic« of 31 room*;
ft block of Market; rent $110 with leane:
reduced tn HMki; will lake a flat in trade.
MAniO.V UHIKFIN. 4M Kxamliier ilulldlng.
NKW house, 4 Murks north of Market: SO
large, dealrable rooma; low rent: S-year
lease; mo*t artistically furnished: will clear
$"i»> to f:i<Hi owing to management.
MARION OltlFFlN. 4iKl Kxamlner Building.
COrtNKR near City Hull; splendid, aunny: 2»
rooma; ateady. reapectable rtumim; rent $1-5;
profit exactly $143 monthly; don't fall to make
an offer to MARION OniFFlN quick.
It, Ft. MEN are the roomera ln my SO-room
house; rent f"4O; lncom« $5H0; prlc* 1.VmV>;
y*t due for furniture $23iX); will vxehanga
equity for real estate worth $2300. Beamy agt.,
MARION 0H1FF1N. about It.
GKNl'INE bargain Vnd OOOD HOME; M
roAma nn sunny corner north of Markat: splen-
didly furnished: rent very reaaonahle; prlca
*-."JM» if sold this week. See MAltlON aitlK-
F1N.
AnSOl«l*TKUY clean and respectable; 20 n»>nis
In heart of high-toned portion of city; rent
only $100 per month; euaranteed to clear $CK);
this la an opiiortunlty seldom offered; If you
want this snai> »ee my only atent.
MAI11OX ORIFFIN, r. -4W. Kxamtner nid*.
Sv.N.NV corner; ftS-rnom bay-window house;
ileara $341 month; A-year lease; rent I22»:
every room full of sunshine; If looking for
a respectable money-maker and good
Investment see my agent. MAU1ON. ORIFFIN.
PKRKRCT bandbox of a house; 24 rooms
on Sutler St.; tony and up-to-date: full of
ateady moment, but could be mad* to
clear ?am month. See MARION GRIFFIN.
L.1TT1.G payment »|.MH>) takes a 15- room
NK. corner R blcxks north of Market; prlc«
H«»W; better aee It before buying elsewhere.
MARION OR1KK1X. 4(>0 Examiner Hulldlng.
KNORMOl'8 dividends and safe as V. S. bonds;
new 48-room apartment-hou** clearing *Cti7i>
yearly: price MW. See MARION GRIFF1.\.
VACANT— S3 rooms, north af Market: wl!l
lease for year* |S^ room and furnish to suit
tenant. MARION' 0R1FFIX Is my atent.
; HISTOCRATie family h«.*| on corner: fa^h-
lonable nelshborhcHXl: 50 rooms all outside- fur-
niture very b*st; carpets v.lvet; r«nt onty
IS5O; monthly i>roftt J4>V» shown. by accurate
beak accounts: j.rlce re^ucrd t« *5ioo; terms
H cash, balance monthly Installments to suit
buyer; cause dltwlutlon of rartnershtp. -
MARION OBimx. r. Examiner Bid*:.
A— CALIFORNIA IXVKSTMKNT CO '
I'hone Ulack t&>\, IT7S Market »t.
Bsn* R^ferrncea.
on Easy Terms.
A— « RCK>MS. house. kooJ furniture: block of
Market #t.; rent ?20; »nap for llTi. «;;>»
Market »t. ¦ - . ,
A— 8- ROOM flat; elegantly furnished ;Geary st.:
pr:cc »UX>; ea<y te.-rr.s. 777 H Market st.
A— s ROOMS, nicely rufnlshedi: good loc.: rent
onty »2J W; ba rg a£n^ >«;3>. T77S Market st.
A— W ROOMS;nlc*)y furnished: light rooms: oa
Peary, only $W>. cau INVEgTMENT CO.
A— HAR0A1X; 18 rw». and. staWe.N. of Market:
good furnishings: platw. s«wi«g machLT«^ent
»S5: yrUe »f3t>;'easy tergx. 777S Market st.
A— GOOD buy; 14 rooms."' N. ot Market; fur-
ntah»d O. K. ;ret>t $W:t»rtc» ?C30>. 777^4 Market.
A— SPEOTUATioN; t6 ivx>n«9~ on Geary; Tery
go«» fvrnUur*; vtlc* »SCO; owner waatrl.
HTH Market M.
A— 2^ ROOMS; Eddy »t. ; okrely fttmislMdV rV-
dw«d. t» ;iW: bargain. 77TH Market »U
2* RQQM9 — Nicely furnished: hcuwkeeplas
a(>artat«nts^ clsjic* locaUoi*; cle«r $ltJ; re-
duve«t' io *22VO. fwtrts to d«"v»rtiire. •¦ 5^«*
CAtAVORNIA INVESTMENT^ CO.. 7TTh
Market at.
| c« kTwxkuky; Fmo.ve mint 196.
. IOJ0 MavHet St.. Opp Fifth. «
Vvrroer patron* njy i^e^t r*fereetcea»
! Rellafcle vteat*as. Ka*y crrsts. Clear titles.
: tVuntry cct r*»poc<l»f«-« prcniptty »tuw«r»A
i i'art Ca»b. 1'oliw* ratontWy payicents.
j l«WBM;G»»r« st,: sp«<:uJattcrt....^».*«3O
Sk rvxins; *4BMqc corner; r«at *3* $teco
X rooms; Leav;aworthk »t; r«at $."».;.. K30
«0 rocnvs; MarSttt »«.: Uqucs Uc*as?.^.$4CCv>
i II rcvjtn*; TJa» st.; cr?ar $C0. ........ ...STiD
» rooms; Suttvr st. ; partlalrv «urnUa*dl$30O
¦ vi rconw; CaUiurBta st. : r»at $*>; a «aap. »T.V>
j *% »oo«as: rou*«h asd> Xlark«tr a glfs...$l»O ;
10 rooavs: Ueacy »t.i ci«ar9 $4»; r«at »2s...j5C«>
; 2^t roosts; L*»vttt-v*ortSs se>; »p«Mitattojtt.*1300 ;
[ ' 1<> rooms; l!«»h st; r»r» S-TZ zt>i oaiy....$W©
I S2 rcoms; Market st. ; 5 years' t«a»«....523CO
; I* rcoc?*j boarding; «a»r wanted. ...S3(X>
1 UrooBJiiFent $»; ctears $S0>. .»«©
; tCQ rooms; graad. soaajr corner.....
40rooe*«; V»» x«*» av«.» worth $.S>X>..Jt3CO
is ccoirx;* varttrnfcshe*!; rent f43........UCO
3» rooow; traasient-- hess«.. .^.jiaci*
3Vr«oin»;l«asei electric na;!>ts
_ s rvoms; fV*t st.; : rcet Kg; «ei3r....>,..»aao
A— KRKIXX A VXK ~I — — — — —
I'UtfM Wack, «Stf.. i» Market st.
3&rv: cor.; transle-ot hotts*; reot $t25..$l>C?
53 r».; MN.<ic-n st; cl«aw ilSO mouth.. s 20C*
24r».tOear>. woe.; u«w; bargato, tor... afiOi*
' i»r«.;coi:.. Post; ctam *tw>, tiw>
Si Tt.: Mission: r>«w: barsata... i2Oii
Wu.;J.»f»; rent «W; cft*ai»^..... ..... vao
„ <H!»c» not adxyrtliw^U Hsu**? lo j r>*L.
FOR SALE— A eOARDiNCHOVSHh SODIUM
SIXJBf:: EtSX:.VNTL.r FCKNISBEI?: UXTA-
; T1ON P5ST IN WE WTtr L5ASS:
OTVNSR LXAYIXQ TO^TX. BOX 33*
call, ojrrics. ..•¦-.
H.-ROOJ* tod« U>«- l»ou»*t gotxt tovattoa. tor
I CaU olJScc. ¦THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 17, Vjr'.
43
POLK. 1020. ne*r" Geary— Neatly furnished
• frcarhOCsekeeolng "rooms :'rea*enaUsu " :
SHIPLEY, 261 — 2 rccms complete .for • house-
¦" keeping; $S month. .'-'•- . . * " .' "
SUTTER, 1206^ — 3 ¦" rooms f urn. complete f o»
housekeeping; also room for 1 or 2 reatlemea.
SUTTER. 2620 — Furnished " bedroom, dining*
room, kitchen; yard; bath; parlor.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 33S7— $12:- 2 sunny .house-
keeptng rooms In the Mission warm belt.
• BOPara I "WAJrTSD— Honjexegptag.
WANTED — 2 or 3 rooms, furnished for hoose-
keeplng: give rent. Box €65. Call.
y^^^^PABranara^iio^raaL^^^^
EL CARMELO — Beautiful apartment house;
just comoleted. 1719 Washington St.. near
Vaa Neas ave. ; 3, 4, 5 and tf rooms and bath I
with each; finished In natural --woods; tiled j
bath rooms, etc.; genteel residence location;
.convenient to car lines; roams large aad
suaay; must be seen to be appreciated.
" MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS"
Ccraer Pine and Taylor sts.: beautiful . new
modern apartments; all sunny earner raltes;
furnished cr unfurnished; -.none superior;, ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery. .
THE GABLES.. *~
Cor. Clay and Larkia sts. — Modern 3-4-S-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfar-
stshed; all latest convealences; reserratloas)
can be made oa premises. 1 to 4; terms re as.
A^ THE WILLARD. :
Turk St., nr. Gough; 2, 3, 4 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, with private baths aad nfod-
ern conveniences; opea for inspection l.to 4.
also 912 Pine et.; phone Red 5* JtS.
THE ALCALDE APARTMENTS
725 O'FARRELL ST.; Phcne Pr. Ex. 700.
Two modern apartments of 3 rooms each.
- with private baths and all the conveniences j
. of a private home. '. "-
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Vaa Ness— The !
• acme of perfection' in elegantly fura. 3-rocm |
apartments: private taths. steam heat, elec
lights, elerator, gas ranges; $30 to $53. ;
ST. LOUIS. 1S75 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5 !
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now cpen: references..
851 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
AP AJBTMJjJI TS VAHTiU). j
WANTED — Apartment of 3 or 4 rooms, fur-
nished complete; state price; references.
Box 470, Call. j ¦
FURNISHED 3-roo*n asartment waated; !
mw be reasonable. Box 660. CsJL .• :
RjO^M^TjOJLET-^Fiar^i^dCK^^ j
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
-TEL- DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITS i
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC I
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH- .
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
BUTTS WITH BATH. $1 50 to $2 50 PER l
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to SI; HOT <
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. .
ASHWORTH HOTEL,
S20 Mason st., bit. Geary and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Just completed; entire house '
nrwly renovated; sun In rooms all day.
AURORA, coraer Secoad and Folsom sts. — New :
house, new furniture; every room outside; j
modern and suaay; prices frcm $1 50 per j
week up: this is the enly up-to-date nous* la
this vicinity: first-class grllt attached. - ;. - [
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth st. — Rooms"*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week aad {
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN. 838 Sutter— Just opened; haad- }
tersely fur.: cor. suites; tath; rua all day; j
fine view; single rma.; tourists: excL location, t
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. t '.
Fifth st.>— Rooms.- 25c, 50e. 11. $1 50 night; i
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night. "
• ~ : I
EUSH, 012, near Jor.»« — Prirate residence ; 3 i
exceptionally large connecting -unfurnished
rooms! carpets aad curtains; every modern
I ccavenlense; 2 very handsomely furnished ,
rooms (.renovated), bath attached; references.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. U54>— Fur- r
dshed rooms, suite, single; also uafurnlshed. ;
BUSH. 1620—2 or 3 light rooms, suite; running !
water: suitable for doctor or dentist. j
CAUFOR.N1A ave.. 337— Furnished front \
roenn at $6 a month. - |
CLIFFORD. -204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly j
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ;
EIGHTEENTH. 33S6 — Sunny good room, par- !
, tlally furnished. $6 month; private family. •
ELLIS. U5'J — Neatly furnished ' room for gen- j
: - tleman.
: ELLIS. 1749 — 3 sunny, unfurnished rooms for '
; housekeeping In modern Cat; reasonable.
¦ t
FTLLMOP.E. 928. nr.* McAllister— Nicely fur- I
nished' room la fine locality: car line passes >
• door; reasonable; baxh; cas; phone.
FURNISHED front room, S12. Apply 1738
Stockton st.. 10 a. ia. to 2 p. m.
GRAND Southern! 7th and Mission — Rooms SOo j
tc $1 50 cigbt; $1 to $3 week; readisg-rooa. •
GOLDEN GATE are.. 1223 — 2 large sunny |
rooms; rent $tf and' $7. i ' - ¦
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 74S EIUs— Just opened; ¦
everything new; electric elevator and all ;
modern conveniences; single roopia with or :
without bath. $10 to. $C5; suites with bath, ¦
$40 to $5<Ju first -class grill; public parlor.
JESSIE. 3S9 — Small sunny back room for' gen- ¦
tleman; K> per month.
JESSIE, 3«] east U. S. Mint— Furnished
roams, $5 and $6 per month.
JON'ES, 913 — Comfortably furnished room; pri- j
vate family; all convealences; cheap."
LARKIN. 017 — Nice sunny rooms; bay-wtadnw !
aad single rooms. .
MANHEIM. 6S2 Sutt»r— Sunay front rooms; j
strictly . first clars; transient.
MCALLISTER* 30— Larse sunny front room: !
bay window, jras, water, crate; well fur- j
nished; housekeeping: also similar back par-
lor; no water; good organ, j
MCALLISTER. U0«$. near City Hall — Xie* fur-
ntshed back parlor, suitable fcr 1 or 2 men;
private family.
MISSION, 1514. near Eleventh — Lars* sunny
front room; large closet; 1 or 2 persona-'
$2 25 per week. :
NATOMA. 10?. corner Secoad — Sunnyj for-
nlghed front rooms; $1 to $1 BO per week.
O'FARRELL. 332 — Handsomely furnished beck [
parlor: crivate family; rent reasonable.
CFARP.ELL, - 733— Large sunny : furnished
rtiom: gas; bath; phone; rent reisorubl-; j
references.
PEARL, 32 — Sunny frcnt room, for one or two
gentlemen; no signs. ¦ : ¦ ~
Pierpont, -»JK> Ell's — Ccnnectinx rms., suitable j
doctor; other rms.: eler.; hot tc cold water. I
PINE, 1CC6, near Taylor- — Modern furnished »
rooms; hot and cold water. i
POLK, 17(8) — 2'itxxas, each nicely -famished; ¦
one front, one rear.
ROYAL Hous°. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights. -
reading-room, smoking-room aad ladles', par- '
lcr; rooms per night. 35c to $160; week. $3
to $S; month. IS to 130; elevator on ground
fleer; rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ¦
SHIPLEY. 275— A Urge front room, furnished, !
to let. . •..-.--• . . •
ST. JAMES. McAllister and .Lamina — A suaajr
furnished single room; rent $?. . .
STEINER. 007 — 2 suaay co&aectiag room's; •
man aad wife or geatlemea singly; running f
water; bath; phone; private family.
STEVENSON,- 635 — Large, furnished room for I
; two gentlemen. ¦ ¦ ;
SUTTER, 1022li. nr. Hyde — 2 large sunny par* I
' lors and'kitchen'or laboratory; gas grate, etc. [
TAYLOR. 115— Nicely furnished • sunay froat }
suite; also single froat rooms. $; to $3 week.
TEHAMA. 153— Elegant furnished rooa; Ger-
maa; private family; $<i per month.
, THE LAMBOURNE. """
42O Eddy rt. : elegantly furnished rooms aad
en suite; private-baths: rates reas.; close In.
TWENTY- FIFTH. 2OT0, corner Florida at.—
' Two larre stinny bay-window , rooms, fur-
. nished or unfurnished; batb and gas. :..?. I
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400 [
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $8 w««k; elec- '
trie lights (so gas), running water ta every f
. room: elevator, read-room; free bus; baggas*.
VAN NESS are.. 519 — Elegant front parlors and
. adjoining- suite for office or dab.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d sx. near Market—
Moet convenient and respectable: 700 rooms: ;
1 SSc to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; elevator;
' elec , lights :.readlag-roora: free bus; barra**. j
WOLF * Hods*,- ,208 • Sixth — Electric U*Bt In '
every room;. room front 15c to $1 per night. {
75c to $5 rer week: open all night.'.' . •
ADVERTISEMENTS. Bubscriptloas received at |
| . Call Branch office, ccr. Duncan & 'Churca sts. t
A BRANCH effice cf The Call for the reception i
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea [
opeaed at IOCS Market st.. opposite. Flftk. I
, Open - until U • p.. m. ' I
FINANCIAL.
ETOCKS BONDS SHARES.
WE WILL £ELL, la lots to suit:
100 Alaska Cea Rly 5s pref $5 50 •
20.00) Mount Shasta.... O3
7,000 New Cerro Bcnito* Bargain
2 Realty Syndicate, Saa Fran-
cisco ." Bargain
1,111 Ughtner Bargain
COO Goiccnda 1«
300 P. B. Steifer 2 25
2.OQO Potomac Oil lO^i
WE WILL BUY:
Jercoke Canyon. Maltmaa. Santa Ana. Tin. j
Bismarck Nugget Gulch. Fullerton Oil and
ail marketable MINING. OIL, BANK,. Loan
or INDUSTRIAL Stocks.
To Investcrs^ — Now is the time to buy la
rood securities. The market Is low and the
opportunities fcr securing choice bargains
never better. Write us your wants or for In-"
formation of ecund Investments. Our oSer-
lngs cover the entire market, while our prices
are highly attractive^
WATT & COWPER-THWAITE.
Bankers aad Brokers,
Stockton, Cal.
PARTY wishes the loaa of ooaey on prop- :
erty tn Mission: private party preferred.- Call *
or address L. C S., S34 Turk et. j
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock j
Coated. VT. H. BITTNER, Lawyer aad Fl-
candal Agent. 822 Emma Spreckels bldg.
.y. FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES aad fiats to-let; aa Immense list:
eemee absolutely free; tak» advaatage of
this department; It. will save you tfme aad
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-253 Geary
st.. oa the square.
WARREN aDartments. 7C'l Post et., comer I
Jones; 2 S-room arartaients now vacant:
artistically finished aad up-to-date; electric
light; steaai heat aad electric passenger ar.d
supply elevator service; see janitor on prein- (
is-?**- SHAINWALD, BCCKBEE & CO.. \
21S-220 Mcntcomery st.
ALL cf the most desirable flats and houses are
listed la our renting department; let us giv»
yon. a list and help you find one in the loca.
tlca you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 10» Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
THREE light, sarr.y flats. S-3-9 rocms, social
ar.d reception halls, saloon parlors, paneled
dining rooms; unobstructed panoramic view;
. magnificent; with or without automobile room;
Pierce, bet. Golden Gate ave. and McAllister.
LARGEST list of new fiats and houses: call
fcr printed list, LYON & HOAG, lltt Mcnt-
gemery rt^
NINETEENTH, 3372— New Cat. 6 rooms aid
bath; modern improvements; rent reasonable-
warm belt-
HAYWARD. 2H. off Harrison, near Eighth— 2
tunny Cats. 3 rooms each; rent $S and $11.
HAVES. 12«— 1 or 3 fur. or uafur. beautiful
tunny ccr. rrns. : with or without light hskpg.
NEW sunny lower flit. 7 rocms and Lath; rent
$.15. S53P Sacramento St.
?7 — LOtVER Cat ar.d yard. 72Sij. Harrisoa
St.. between Third and Fourth. g
FLATS TO LET — FL'RMSHED.
ELEGANTLY furnished runny epper Cat. 6
rooms and batb: must b* seen to be appre-
ciated: rent $w. 7'j5 South Cole St.. ccr.
Fn^erick.
FOR rer.t^Haaisorr.e fsrclshed Cat. with pl-
ar.o, in b«st reslilence e'tction cf the city.
Cail at 2SJ3 Washiarton st.
BEAUTIFUL furnished flat. 4 rooms ani
bath. $-3<). Apply iH4 Van N'egs ave.
FLAT| FOR SALE PCR.MSUEO.
FOR sale — Light sunny Cat. 7 roosts, bath; !
rent $25; wtll furnished; terms reasonable;
near City Kail, en McAllister. Bcx 464,
Call office.
FlltMTCRE FOR SALE.
A — Brass beds, hair mattresses, weathered ma- !
hegany, maple, fura.. handsome dining suit. :
craperies, curtains; tel. Page 71S. 1006 Halght. i
FURNITURE. 0 rocrhs: good, clean; Goldea
Gate ave.; close In. Box 447. CalL office.
FOR sale — Elegant furniture cf 6-rocra flat;
cheap. Address box "10. Call office.
FUB.MTIRE WAJiTED.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP. auctlcreer.lSlSMkt.: tel. Howard 2756.
j A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission. pnoa» Red 4-W2,
buys, rents, repairs, tacks furniture, carpets.
HELP \% A-VTED— FEaULLBT
A CHAMBERMAID fcr a school. $20, no
waiting cr washing.
A young, strong wotaaa ta do cleaning In aa
iastitutlon, *:».
A ncrte for an Infant. $25; place la Oakland.
A cook In a email hospital In the city, SCO.
A second girl fcr Berkeley. $25.
A second girl for two ia family, in city, $50.
A cook for a private family la Oakland, $40.
A lady's maid aad seamstress, $30.
Four cooks fcr small German families, $30
each.
A waitrees, also a chambermaid who will
sew for eaine family, in San Rafael. $25.
A nurse fcr the care cf grown child. *20.
A waitress for small family In city. $3O.
Twenty-five cooks; also girls fcr hcusew-rk
ia city and all farts of the country, wages $20 j
to $30. Call Monday morning at MISS !
PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter Bt.. near Powell.
This efflce opens at S:30; closes at 5 p. m.
TEN good chambermaids and TraStr^sees for j
fcctels and bcarding-houses in city. $23, board i
and rcom: exp."?rience necessary. MISS i
PLUNKETT'S. 423 Suuer et.. near Powell, i
Office open from S:SO a. m. to 5 p. ra. .
A— "WANTED — Girts to learn halrdressir.g. ;
manicuring, etc. : trade tauzht from A to Z
tn 2 weeks: $5 tr> these entering now; 3 po-
•ttlcns to fill immediately; positions puarar.-
tted at $10 tser *e»k up; leading school la
"Wert. —a G«ary *t., room 13.
A — Girls to torn TEilHnery now for spring sea- !
son: bcth seasons taught from start to finish i
la I month for $15: positions as trimmers, j
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up; '
aad evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 12. j
JL — LADIES to leara all branches halrcreseins
• trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1233 Mar-
ket rt.. car. Jot»es, room 04; position* secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; cail.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STP.ACSS & CO.'S I
FACTORIES. 32H FREMONT ST. AND 1S73 |
MISSION. NEAK FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Several experienced salesladies;
thesf familiar with crockery business pre- 1
furred: moderate salary, but steady position j
to right party: give references, experience j
and wage: expected. Bcx 332, Call office.
WAXTED — First-class rapid stenographer and
typewriter; a lady with practical business ex-
perience and accustomed to office work; per-
manent position with good remuneration fcr
a reliable party. Bcx 4O, Call.
A — WANTED — Middle-azed woman. German
rrefTred. to do general housework In email
family In Alarneda: must be kind to chil-
dren; nate particulars, wages required, etc.
Box *C5. Cail offlce.
WANTED — Experienced cloak saleslady for our ¦
children'* cloak department; enly those with \
best reference need arply; good wages and j
•teady position to right party. L MAGNIN
4: CO.. 43-C3 EUls st.
, i
WANTED — YouaiE. glrbr fcr apprentices to learn ;
etockieeptng who come from good families. \
Apply between 9 and 10 a. m., I. MAGNIN i
& CO., 43-33 Ellis St.
\
LADIES— $S to $13 paid weekly: p'.aia sewing; j
no experience; material free. Weber Manu- :
factunng Co., 1135 Broadway, New York.
LADIES to do needlework at home; nothing (
- to bay; good pay: s?nd envelop* for lace ¦
medallion, instructions and designs. Palma i
B. Co.. 1£S Liberty St., New York.
GOOD opportunity; young women™" waated to
act as canvassers for a well known papr;
only first-class 1 , trustworthy, enereetic -hus-
tlers waated- Address box 4S1, Call office.
LADIES — To do piecework home: ve furnish |
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send j
stamped envelope to Royal Co., 34 East Mon- I
roe st.. Chlcara j
WANTED— Reliable woman, who speaks Ger-
man, to care for lady invalid and to assist in
light housework. Apply SO Sixth ave., near
Lake st. .
LADIES — M&tt profitable steady home work.
S3 to $15 weekly: material £ree; no canvass.
lag. Address Surety Co., Chicago.
YOUXO wemaa wanted fcr general housework;
wages $20 per month; sleep home. CaU after
10 a_ ra.. 2376 Eighteenth st.
GIRL with experience In printing office to
hold copt, etc ; reference. Address Expe-
rience, bcx 743. Call office.
GIRL ta assist la light housework; care cf
baby: small family. Call cr address 2SS7
Sixteenth st.
WANTED — Young lady, writing clear aad
quick, for copyiar. Box 457, Call.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1722 Mar-
ket st.. upstairs.
A GIRL waated for Usht Jiooaework. Apply
at 15a Webster a t- • ..
APPRENTICES oa vests; paid while learning;
with some experience preferred. . 4l7»i Pine.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker waated at 422 Mc-
Allister st.
BOOliaA5PBOiiBD. r
? LARGE front sunny room and board; parlor
floor; gas. bath aad telephone; prtwrte^fam-
lly: no other boarders: rate f or ¦ maa ¦ an-i
wife, J 50;. single. $30; reference* exSaasced.
.-Box-350. CaU office. ,*, •' ¦¦
.". $ '" — HOTEL HATTOX — —
977 Pine. cr. Taylor; elegantly ': tsrnisasd
suites; private baths; all mode ra coot en-
leacee; excellent table. -''* :": ' ¦'- '- * '- .
BOARD and ' large sunny room ta a j good lo-
cality; fine view of bay: all conveniences;
$57 . SO per month to a refined, quiet • couple.
Box 477. Call.. * - ?:¦¦¦*
BOARD, aad nicely famished . front .' room:
everytKcg new, neat aad deaa: eaa ealy ac-
commodate two persons; references. Sex 305,
Call office.
LEAVENWORTH.- 1409. near Washington —
Handsomely furnished rooms and suites far
gentlemen; breakfasts; reasonable. Telephone
East 1200. • - »
ELEGANT front, suaay aleore roem: ror.nlng
water, gae. bath; suitable for 2. with board;
_ private family; also another rooa. 1224 Gold,
en Gate ave.: phone Stelaer 3G2S.
FURNISHED rooms, with board; exceptloaal
opportunity to obtain a beme comprising
cleanliness aad home comfort?;- for s;eat!esien
only. 731 McAllister it.
CALIFORNIA. 124fr— Most select location ta'
modern, elegantly furnished Tri vat • hem*;
tab!* unsurpassed: martae view.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. aad Vaa Ness
are., has. changed hands; btreafter conducted
first -class family hotel: table board specialty.
POWELL. 5C2. cor. Sutter — Large suaay cor-
ner room for 2; terms reasonable; also slagle !
room.
FINE rooms, with cr without board, on G. G.
Park entrance. 700 6th ave., near Chutes.
LARGE sunny front room. S3 SO per wk. : oth-
ers at $1 per wk. ; board. $3 23. 570 Harrison.
SUTTER. 967 (Crystal House) — Elegant rooms;
board optional: respectable: reasonable.
HOTEL ELSMERE." 41S Sutter— Suairy rooms;
excellent tatls; frcm $40; single $23.
NEWPORT. 101S Pin*, near Taylor— Large sua-
ay raltgs; also single room; excellent table.
THE NTRA. 815 Taylor— Nicely furnished, eua-
¦ cy suites; also single; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Ftae rooms;
sew chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL. 308 — Furnished rooms: home
cooking: Germaa family; $g per week. ¦
VAN NESS ave.. »44, corner O'Farrell— Board
and room. $25 per moath.
A BRANCH office for Cal! advertisements aad
subscriptions has beea established at 1094
Valencia «t. ¦
ROOMS AJfD BOARD WAXTED.
WANTED — Board aad pleasant roem for aa
elderly lady la a reCaetl, quiet family: a '
homelike place: state rates. Box 423. CalL
BOARD "and suite of room* wanted for two
adults In boardlnz-house cr private faraUy:
references' exchaased. Box 4fiO. Cmll. .
WANTED — Board and 2 roctna for two adult*
and boy of 12: must be reasonable; state
price. Bcx 4<3. Call.
ROOM and board lor boy, 7. In American fam-
Uy near public school. Box 315. CaU office.
A ROOM and board wanted for a rentlemaa:
gtve rates and location. Box 415. Call office.
STPTTERISG AXD .STA313IEKI5O.
MELBOURNE School. Vaa Ness-Market— Cur*
In every case: Individual teaching: no medi-
cine.' Inquire Into wonderful cures: home core.
MARRIAGE UCESSES.
The fallowing marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ,
David D. Griffiths, 60; dty. and Anita
Avery. 34. city.
George C. Beaucham^. 41, 3517 Twenty-
fourth street, aad Sophie Glelow, 25, 3517
Twenty-fourth street.
Ulrica Baumaaa. 27, city, aad Jchaaaa.
Ewaid. 24, city.
Edwla a. Goldsmith, 33. 36 Geary street, aad
Minnie A. McClellaa. "2S. 2233 Fifteenth street-
Herbert N. Thomas. 28. 343 Scott street, and
May L. Smith. 20. 3S29 Army street. •
Henry Bast in r. i2. 56O Howard street, aad
Elizabeth G. Haasen. St. 1011 Harrison street.
Bertram J. Gaas. 25, Napa, aad Clara E.
Reed. 23. Nara.
Melville B. Rosenberg:. 25. 1353 Geary street,
aad Laura Ellis, 2t5. 2211 Buchanan street.
Fllippo Zeiro, 42. C25 Broadway, aad Maria
Bravo. 24, 625 Broadway.
Thonss.s D. Ruggies. 25. 434 Devtsadero
street, aad Doris B. Stillwell. =3. 934 Oak st.
Jah&a G. Hainocan. 24. 43** L.taden avenue,
aad Rrii M. J^has • en. 23. 438 Liadea ave.
Oliver F. Vorce. 37, Fresno, and Mary F.
M. Cumminjrs, 37. 82S Alabama street.
Christian Nelsca. 42, Haywards, aad Cath-
erine Detenhoff. 30, 212 Hickory aveaae.
Frank: Moaer. 21. 515A Connecticut street,
aad Edna K- Schrrer, 13. &15A. Conaeetlcut st.
Georse H. Brain. 29. Oaklaad. - aad Carrt*
Oman. 25. Oakland.
Henry W. Root. 32. 3710 Army street, aad
Edaa J. A. Williamson, 19, 63 Wetster street.
Ralph C. Greenouzb, 29, Albion, and Kittle
Van All^n. 20. city.
' BMTHS-MARBIABES— BEAM
Birth, marriage aad .death notices sent by
mail will net be Inserted. They mast be handed
in at either of the publication offices aad be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN".
DE FLANDRE— Ia' this city. January 9. 1304.
to the wife of Charles de Flaadre, a son.
DOHERTT— Ia this ctty. Jaaaary 10. 1004, to
the wife of J:hn A. Doherty, a sen.
FREY — Ia- this city. Jaauary 7. 1904, to the
wife of Hermann Frey. a ica. *
HEROLD — In Winters. Cal.. January 13. 19O4.
- to the wife of F. W. Herold. a sen,
PAULSON— la this city, January 5, 19O4, ta
the wife of W. A. PauUon. a son.
ROTH— In this dty. December 11. 1003. to the
wife of'Adalch N. Roth (nee Kremer). a
son. 'X°, •:
STRAHLE — In this dry. December 13. 1903,
to the wife of Robert Strahle, a, son. . -
EirTTOlC— In tills city, " January 10; 19ft4. to
the wife of Bert«S. Suttca (nee Wlastaaley),
a sen.
THATEN— In this city. January 8. 190*. ta
the wtfe cf Peter H, Thatea. a daughter.
TOOMEY— la this city. December 26. 1303, to
the wife of E. \V. Tocmey. a daughter.
VAXDERHUKST- In this «Ity, January 9.
1U04. to the wife of George B. Vaaderhurst.
a san. • .
3IARRIED.
BEBAN*— BURTON— In this city. Jaaaary 13.
1904. by the R?v. Dr. John A. B. WUsca.
pastor of Trlaity Methodist Episcopal Church.
Isado P. Beban and Flora Belle Burtca.
both of Saa Francisco.
BENNETTS — STEEL — In this city. Jaaaary
14, 1904. bv the Rev. F. A. Keajt. Josepn
A. Beanetts of San Fraacisco aad Oileveala
Steel ef Grass Valley. "' i '
BUCKLEY— CAMPBELL— In this city. Jaaa-
ary 3, 19C4. by the Rst. W. M. Reilly. rector
of St. Paul's Church. George S. Buckley aad
.Clara A. Campbell, both o/ San Fraacisco.
DAVIS — FENELON— Ia Oakland. January 5,
1904, by the Rev. J. B. Mc.VaSr. WUUam J.
Davis of Michigan Bluffs aad Jcseshiae II.
Fenelon cf Oakland.
MACKEY— McCANN— Ia this city, Jaaaary 4.
1904. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wllsca,
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church.
William E. Mackey of Milton and E1U E.
McCann of San Francisco.
MOOP.E— PELASTRE — la this city. Jasuary
12. 19O4. by ih« Rev. Dr. John A- B. WUson.
. pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
Austin E. Moore of Saa Francisco and El-
. viaa E. Piastre- cf Petatema. .
REDDING— MURRAY— Ia this city. Jaauary
13. 1304. by the Rev. Dr. Joha A. B. Wl!*on,
pastor cf Trtalty Methodist Episcopal Church.
. Ctaude L. Redding ani Grace. Mary Murray.
bcth at Sacramento:
THELAN — MACPHEE — la this city. Jaauary
14. 1904. by the Rer. Frank. S_. Ford, pastor
of the First Christian Chorea, Charles J.
Thelan and TUlle.S. Macpaee. both of San
Francisca.
WESTOBY — McCLENDON — Ia this cJty,
January 3. 1904,. by the Rev. Dr. Joha A. B.
Wilson, pastor of Trinity Methodist Eptsc<>-
. pal Church. Joha E. .Westoby and Abble
M. McClendon. both of San Fraacisco.
WILSON — ROSE— In this "elty. January li,
1904. by the Re*. Dr. Joha A. B. -Wilson.
pastor fit Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church.
. Frank WHjca of Becicia aad Laura Rose cf
Oakland. • - - — .
DIED.
Brown. Fanal* - ¦ McCUatock. Arrira
Browne. "Walter P. MeLaosralta. Peter
- CardsiL Anna. .- McQueen. James S.
CClae.- Mrs. Sorin* Magnes. Sophi?
• Ccnndly, Mrs. M. J. Maguire. Denaia
Dondero, Paul J. Miller. Cecelia
Dooley. William T. Moore. Jcha G.
Funcke, Robert C. . Oshourne. George
Furley. John F. PutUck. William
- v Gabb. Ml* 1 Til* Rlley. dlie
Gearty. Jamm Robertson. Francis
- Glock, Helen* Sheehan. Mary
Gomood, Nelce Silrs, Ellen H.
Heald. Bruce H. . Smith. Eltea
,- Her an. Joseph L . Sunton. James E.
• Holmes. Thomas Sullivan, James W.
Kaveny. Aaaa M. ' Thaler.' Conrad
' Ley ten, George 'W. Walter. Julia H.
- . Lee Lay. Wray. Jan*
McArdle, Joha
BROWN— In East Oakland, January 1«. 1904,
- Fannie. w<f» of tbe late WUUam Brown,
and mother of Geonre W. Brown, a native
of Ireland, axed 75 years 2 months aad 19
days.
E7Frieads and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday
' afternoon. ' at 3 o'clock.* Cram, her late real-
WKI.P WAVTRIV — MAT.R— r O Titlii«»».
MURRAY 4 READY. 634-638 Clay St..
..*,.-.*. 2-.- ..-• Pmjmr-Malfi-5S43;
Leadlng Employment aad Labor Agents.
1903 we gave , - . - • 1904 we hope to
60,000 men woriL ¦ '• '-' - ; increase C0,000.
: •. ; » .^-- Office ooea
r ' to-day. SaBdaj.
. 8 111112.
¦ - SPECL\LS.
2 machinists, country factory: 2 boiler-mak-
ers, country shop, $3 5O day; blacksmith, coun-
try, S3 day; blacksmith - helper, dty; boy for
factory, city, JS week; 5 laborers, ! big gold
mine. |€7 50. ,
ITS SOTJTH.
SHIP DAILY. > •"";>,
Arizona, close to Prescott. - i
J9 — Arii^tia — $0.
HERE'S OTHERS. "
Cock. and. hels^r. . country hotel, .fare ad-
vanced. $90 and found: baker, country shop,
$50 and found: baker's helper,. country, |30 and
found; baker's helper, - city,- $30 and found;
farmer and wife^ easy place, see boas, here;
gardener, city, - $25 and found;
near city. .$26 and found.
See boss bere at 10 to-day. • .
¦ -.PRKNER3L - - ' ;"
S pruners, -vineyard: 3' pruners, orchard.
Open 10 till 12.
MURRAY A READY, 634-€36 Clay st
A— WOODCHOPPERS.
its good— rrs big.
25 Woodchorpers ' -
To cut cordwood for big lumber company.
Prices:
Redwood SOc per cord
Ptnewood II 25 per cord
Hardwood .$1 50 per cord
• Good timber: fine ground to work on; steady
summer and winter; better .go.
- • ¦ • Bic money can be made.
•MURRAY & READY. 634-636 -Clay st.
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14.000 appointments
last year; free examination paper and ca ta-
lc g giving positions and salaries. Dept. Q,.
"Western Correspondence University, San
, Francisco. . -¦ ... • . ...
TRY our mea's shoes, ualoa'-made, at $1 aad
• tl 80 pair; foot-fDna. shceyat 12 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
A MAN of Indomitable energy, and push; a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 473, Parrott building.
A MAN who thoroughly understands the print-
ing business to attend to office:- permanent;
references; experience. % Address bcx 744, CalL
AN Intelligent, active young man for . solic-
itor la printing bnslness. Box 745.'CaH office.
FIRST-CLASS bartender, also good porterr
. good references. Palace of Art, 16 Pest st.
WANTED — Men and women to learn • the
barber trade; good chance. C27 Clay st. •
EXPERIENCED business men and women de-
siring mercantile position with good com-
pensation are requested to call on the Royal
Mercantile Co., suite 19, Columbian building,
916 Market st., or to 852 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— A etrictly first-class and experi-
enced ycuns nan stenographer for a fihan-
¦ciaL office; salary $C0. per month. Box
253. Call. ;
PRESSBOY or young man to work In printing
office; good wages. Apply P. BOULIN. 513
Filbert st.
WANTED — A man exDerienetd in puttlnr up
. desks and blackboards; must be good work-
man. Address box 401. Cii*. " •
( BARBER revolving-chair shop; price $30; a
i saap; rent $5. 1«>>4 Mission «t.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 aad
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes, «3 50; beat shoes oa earth. 11 .
Third st. Exam. bldg.. S doors from Market.
BARBERS, take notice! — The office of secre-
tary -and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 9 City Hall ave. or 15O4Marke: st..
at Journeymen Barbers' Union, Local 14S.
JOS. R. BLEILY. . '.
A THOROUGHLY experienced cock for a small
country hotel near San Luls'Obispo; Si5 aad'
found: increase if -suited: fare advanced.
Address A. G.. box 26O. Call office.- . -
WANTED — An all sround bookbinder; cna who
j caa da forwarding and ficishinjr on full I
; bounds Apply SAN'BORX. VAIL £ CO.. 741 !
f ' Market t*, '¦--¦¦- ; ¦- J
• WANTED — Laborers aad mechanics to kaow
that Ed RoUcln. Reno House proprietor, has
; added 100 new roads to the Denver House.
•[' 217 Third st. : 250 rootr* : 25c to 50c per night.
i BARBER— Thoroughly competent, married, man.
wants ¦ steady job ia country towa. or will
buy small shop cheap. Box 350. Call office.
1C0 YOUNG men of IS years, with good char-
acter, to organize military organization.
: Call at 473 Valencia. »t., fcet. 6a=d & p. m.
WANTED — A first-class carriage blacksmith
at good wares.' Apply, to A. MEISTER &
SONS CO.. Sacramento. CaL -
PENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis si: 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons .fcr whom IJJave secured pensions.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. S2S'Bush
tt— third, floor, room 4. .-._,,.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for sale; strictly
modern." 137 Third st. \
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships.* Apply DENT'S place, 26 Steuartst.
M EN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741A Howard s*. •
.PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Gea H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MeDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second -hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — TOO rooms; 3Sc night; readlas; roonis;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription
j received at Call branch office. 220O Plllmore.
j ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
i price. £63 Mission St.. bet. 1st acd 2d ste.
1 GET your fhoes half soled while waiting;: 23c
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
LOST Ai'D FOL'XO.
LOST — Wednesday night, between cor. Gough
and Geary and Ninth and Howard sts.,
lady's gold locket, heart shape with mono-
pram K. E. D. on tack; 2 photts inside.
Reward fcr return to 147 Ninth st.
LOST— At Columbia. Saturday matinee, in gal- t
lery. last row,- black Ejlk umbrella, ivory
handle, silver topped; F.'C. On side. Return
' to 528 Golden Gate ave.; reward.
i LOST — Between Ashby station and S. F. pier,
on the S. P. train cr boat, one uafialshed
overcoat for boy. Finder will receive reward"
by notifying SS3 Halght tt. ,
LOST— On FHlmore. bet. Halght and Fell, a
pair of rimless gold bridge eyeglasses. Lib-
eral reward return to 2217 Bush st-
LOST — Laundry account book: name H. S.
. HALL In book. Beturn 2S2 O'Farrell st-. or
office, Eighteenth scd Shotwell sts.
LOST— Feather boa, between Lyric Hall aad
633 Hyde st. Return to S33 Hyde; liberal
reward. - . - ¦ ¦
LOST— An aU-black cocker spaniel; liberal re-
. ward. 233 Powell st.
LOST — Near Baker, Fulton or Grove, black
cocker spaniel; tag 3195; reward. £25 Baker.
BLACK, white and tan English setter: black
spot on eye and back. Return 311S 16th st.
FOUND — A purse. Call at PROFESSOR R. R.
BRURYER'g. 415 Guerrero sC
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPnG. -
BUSH, 905. cor. Taylor— Housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms for geatlemen; .bath; rea*.
BUSH. 1523, overlooking Van Ness ave. — A 3- !
room fiat: newly furnished; entirely separate; |
sun all day; private family; references.
FOLSOM, 647 — Lower part of house complete;
„ piano. . :, V .
FRANHLIN, .45— Sunny connecting hcuse-
keeplac rooms; $15; also slagle, »6, |S. $10.
GEARY. 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
en rultt or slagle: housekeeping privileges;
. ronnlns; water; ga»; reasonable.
GEARY. 13S1 — Elegantly furnished suite of 3
rooms; drawing-room; single room.
HOWARD, 701B— Front housekeeping room,
with kitchen, fas. bath, hot water; call to-
\day; ?U. .¦-..-_,.
HOWARD. 1310— Single room, nicely furnished
. and sunny, and housekeeping.
HOWARD. 23S1— Large, sonny, 'well furnished
suite; all conveniences; 114; adults.
JACKSON. 151 IA— Two front rooms furnished
•/ for housekeeping;.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartmeats. 1340 Pine nt..
.rear Hyde^ — Sunny 3-room furnished suites;
steam- b«at: electric lighted; free baths;
rates S3O up. . • -.- -¦ ' ¦- •-. » - y., . .- :
LARKIN. 1537, near Clay— Three \ handsome
furnished sonny rocms; 2 cloeeta; 2 foldlag-
beds; #17. , >V
MCALLISTER. 1247— Two or three furalshed
rooms; use of kitchen for , housekeeping;. ..
MINNA. 51 4-^-Nlc*' housekeeping rooms. . *
MODEL House, 1208 Stockton— Newly- furnished
» hskpg., single nss, $5-$12: gas.. bath, phone.
NINTH, 157— Two nice housekeeping rooms and
. one single. .^... .-> •¦ .<.,-. -¦ r . ¦ -_. ; --
PIERCE, 419, near Oak— 2 nice furnished or
uafurnlBhed rooms; privilege of housekeeping.
dence. 4C0 East Eerestses^ street. ¦ East
Oaklaai . . „ . _ _-,^. _„ . .
BROWNE— Ia Toesoa. Arjx.. Jasnary 12. 190*.
V.'alter Percy, beloved bosbaad of Mania
Fairchild Browne, father of- Waiter Stenr-
eases. Roy and Frances Browne, aad nephrw
" - or Eb<!7 C. Browne, a nativa o£ Ca^^rfa.
aged 3S y>>ars.
C7FTlends aad aetrsalstaaees ar* respect-.
" fully Invited ta attend the fnseral services)
Sunday, January 17. 1301. »: l;Ji o'clock,
at the chapel of C. H. J. Trcraaa Ccmpaay.
1909 Mission street, between Fifteenth aad
- Sixteenth. Iatermeat Cypress U«a Ceme-
tery, by electric fuaeral car trosL corner
"Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
CARDALL— Ia thla city. ' January 14, 1304.
Anna, beloved wife of W. F. OirlaU ei AU-
meda. a native of Altcaa. Germany, aced 4j
years.
E7Nbtlce of funeral hereafter.
CLINE— In Eacta Rom. Jaaaary 13. 1304.
Mrs. - Sortas CUae. belored another of Mrs.
Packard aad Henry. Jennie aad Lilly Cline,
aged CS years 3 m«nths and IS days.
CONNOLLY— Aa aaalversary reoaieni mass
will b« celehrated to-morrow (Msadar). at
9 o'clock, at St. Joseph's Church for th*
repose of the • c! of the late Mrs. Matt J.
Connolly. Friends are Invited.
DONDERO— Ia this city. Jaauary 15. 130*.
Paul J.. beloved sen cf Joha aa.1 Mary
Ccnd?rc. and brother of Joha acd Katia
Dcadero. a nativs at Saa Francisco, ageU
1 year and 6 month*. * .
CTFnendJ aad «c<;nainta3cesi are respect-
fully tartted to attend th» ruaeral services
Monday. January I >. 1904. at l:3O o'clock.
at the residence of his oarents. 809 Mcnt-
gosjery aveaae. Iatermeat Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . -
DOOLET— la this dty. Jaaaary 14. 1301.
WlUtam T.. beloved son cf Thsmsi - and
Maria Dootey. aad brother of Joha. G*or««.
Robert. Annie V.. Elizabeth M. aad Matilda.
Docley. a native cf Saa Kraactsco. ased --
years 1 month and I'J days.
CT Friends aad acquaintances; are respect-
fully invited to attend tse fuaeral to-day
• Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from bis- !at4
resideace, S Perry street, theace to St. Rose'i
Cbnrch for services, commencing a: I
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FURLEY— In San Joee. January 19. *9O4. John
Frederick Furley. beloved father of Mary
A. aad Beery Farley and -Mrs. Gecnre A.
Nlchclls, aad brother cf William Furley of
Fort Bragr and the late Dr. C. C. Furley.
a native of New York City, aged 73 years 4
months and 21 days.
C7Fcneral. at Cysress Lawn Cemetery at
1 o^lock Monday. January IS.
FUNCKE— Ia this city. January 13. 1304. Rob-
en. C. Fuacke. tcloved hustaad of R.^«« M.
Funcke. and youngest sea of C. P. Funcke.
a cativa of Australia,- as*4 31 years 3
. menths and IS davs.
C7The funeral win take place ta- morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1623 Fifteenth avenue soqUu South"
. Saa Fraacisco. Interment Odd Fellow*
Cemetery; strictly private. .
GABS— Ia this city, January 13. 1004. Minnie,
dearly beloved wife of Joha R. Gahb. mother
cf Hazel and Russ?U Gabb. devoted daugh-
ter of John aad Johanna Haas, aad slater ef
* the late Mrs. Bertha Wlckerschelnier. a aa- •
Uve of Saa Francisco, aged 2* year* 4
rscaths aad 23 days.
C7Frienis aad acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvtt*d to attend the funeral to-day
<3uaday>. at 1 o'clock, from the Darlora of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tweea Seventh «nd : Elsnth. Iat«rment
Mcuat Olivet Cesaeterr. by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth aad Guerrero strtets.
GEARTY— la tats city. January M. 1304.
James 1 , beloved husband cf Marraret Gearty.
and father of Marraret and James Gearty
and Mr*. T. S. Cotter, a native of County
Roscommoa. Irelaad. /ur--i 'A years.
C7 Friends aad acquaintances are respect-
fully lavlted M attend tse fuaera.1 Monday.
January IS. 19O4. at it o'clock, from his late
residence, 230 Clara street, thence to «.
Patrick's Church, where m requiem » high
mass will be celebrated for the resose of
bis Botil. commencing at 9:30 o'clock. I~-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GLOCK— Ia thisi dty. Jaauary 13. -13O4.
Heleae. dearly beloved wife of Charles
Glcck. and mother of Charles Jr . Tessia aad
Gertrude Glock. a native of Saxony, Ger-
many, aged 36 yean 11 moaths aad 21 days.
CTFriecdj and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Suaday>. at 2 o'clock, frcas the parlcra
of H. F. Suhr * Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Iaterraeat
Mount Olivet Cemetery- - . .
GOMOND — Drowned at Bonldia Island. Jaaa-
ary l». X90*. N'lce. dearly belored buabanl
cf Maggie Gcmond, father cf Edwta Go-
mond.- and brother of Mrs. Mary Stabell. a
native of Canada, aged 44 years J.0 months
and 24 days.
CTFrlends and aeqasJataases are respect-
fulix Invited to attead th« faaera.1 to-day
, «Sunday>. at 1O o'clock, from t!*e funeral
parlors of Baak?r & Lust. 28«f> Misiloa
street, between" Twenty-seccad aad Twenty-
third. M'ssi:a Majonic Teasla. 'Iatermeat
Cypresst Lawn Cemetery.
HEALD — Ia Oakland. Jaauary 16. 13O4. Bruc*
Haaiiltoc. beloved huabaad of Cera I' -a. :.
' aad father of Mabel, Clara, aad Grae* Heald.
a natrre of La Pcrts, lad., aged 43 Tears •>
tnoctha and -¦» days.
HOGAX— Th» first aaalversarT rect^era nigh
tt.j.h will be ce!ebrated fer the reocse of
the soul cf Josech I. Hosaa. husband of
Theresa Kierce Hoeaa. at Mission Dolores
Church. Sixteenth aad Doiore» streets. t»-
morrrw (Mnnday). at 9 o'ctoek. Friends
aad accutiouacf* are lavited to attei*.
HOLMES— Ia this city. Jaauary 14, 13O4.
Thcma?. dearly beloved' sea cf'Georce aad
Catheriae Holmes; and brother of i:t.n.
Holmes, Mrs. Catherine Mejers aad the lat»
George aad Molly Holmes, a native of Saa
Francisco, aged 30 years.
C7 Friends and acqiiaintaaces ara respect-
fully invited to attend the fuaeral t;--i\r
(Sunday), at 12i45 o'clock, frcni his U:»
restdence. 311B Harrisoa street. Iatersseat
Holv Crcsa Cemetery.
KAVET.T— Li this city. Jaaaary 14. 1904.
Aaaa M. Kav«ay. beloved sister at Mrs.
Amelia Ballarri and Walter Kaveay, a.-. 1
aunt cf Jo?m Banard. a native cf Esgind.
aged 4t> years 7 aicnths aad 10 days.
C7Fti9nds and acqraatntaacea ar* respect.
fully Invtted to attend the fuceral to-day
iStnday). at 11:30 o'clock, ficm tl«e fuaeral
parlors cf Bunker & Luat, 2C6S Mission
street, between Tweaty-seroad aad Twenty-
third, theace ta St. Paul's Church, corner
Twenty- niath aad Church streets, far ser-
vices, commencing at 12 o'clock. Iatermens
Holy Crcas Cemetery.
LATTOX — In this city. January 15. 139*.
George W. La;.-.:?., a> nauvs of Missouri.
aged 43 years.
LEE LAY— Ia t*e City aad Cotmty EospIUI.
Jaaaary 16^ 18O4. Lee Lay, a eaUt* of
Cbiaa, axed W years.
MeARDLE— la t*U city. January 13. 1304.
John, beloved hasbaad of the late Nellie
McArdle. father of Joseph and Mar Mc-
Ardle. and brother of Joseph McArri!» and
Mr*. J. Moore. & native ot £aji F*r*ac*aco.
»ged 3» year*.
tTFrienas aad ac<^aistaaces are respect-
fully lavlted to attend the fuaeral to-mcrrow
(Monday), st 10:45 o'clock, from th» parlor*
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. "CX Mission street,
theace to St. Patrick's Church for services)
at li o'clock. laterment Holy Cress Caa>e-
I terr.
McCLINTOCK — In *h!s city. Jaauary 15. 1*M.
Alvira J. McClintock. a native of Ohio, aged
to years. - .c -
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. January I*. 1304.
P»ter McLa^shlia, a native cf England. ar»d
23 years. A member of the Pacific ecast
Walters* Association.
C7Friaods mad acquaintances ire respect-
fully invited t > attend the funenl Monday,
at 2:3O o'clock, from the parlors of Porter
A "White. 423 Goltlea Gate • avenue.' Iater-
meat Holy Cross Cemetery, via the electrlo
fuaeral cor from. Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
MeQUEEN— Ia this city. Jaauary 18. 1304.
James Skian*r McQueen, a native of Pictso.
Nova Scotia, seed 75 years.-
CTFuaeral services Monday. January 1*.
. at 1O:15 o'clock, at his lat* residence, StS
Ecsh street, laterment errrate.
MAGNES— Ia OakUad, January It. 10C4. So-
phie, beloved wtfe cf David Magaes. taother
of J. Leon. Ixxie D.. Teasle. Eva asd Rosa-
Hal Ma«a«s, and daughter ef Mrs. Panlin*
A br.iharr.se n. a natlv« of FUehne. Province
Poaea. Gencaay. aged SI. years 10 months)
aad 27 days.
"E3"Fr!endJ> aad accrcalataaees art respeet-
" fully Invited ta attsad the funeral servic««
to-morrow tMcnday). . at 2 o'clock, at the
family resiieaee. Kito Castro street, Caklaaa.
Iatermeat M oaataia View Cemetery.
MAGUIKE— Ia this city. Jaauary 13. 13C4,
Denais Masulre. a aatiTe ot.Ireiaad, aged tit
years.
MILLER — Ia this city. Jaauary 1*. 13O4. Cece-
lia. Miller « formerly of the Artsertas and
Maaafleld House*. a> n*tire of Galway. Ire-
land, agtd 73 years 7 months srnd "_V day*.
tyFrieads aad acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fuaeral >r ¦r.d.t/.
at 9 o'clock, frcmr the par Sera .of Porter A
White. 423 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
St. Agnes Churc& Page street, svir Masonic
avenue, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for th» repose of her soul, tommwc-
i-? ti 9-.ZO o'clock. Intena^at KolyCrosa
Cemetery.
. Continaed on Page AA. :
HENRY J. CALL A CHER CO,
{Successors to Flarna^an A Ci"arh»r.>
DANIEI. P. DONOVAN. Msr.
rUNEKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMZSOL
20 FlTth st.. opposite Lincola School.
Tclephoae Socth 60.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— — — Funersl Directors and Ecbaisaers ¦
Fannerry la Metropolitan Tcaple.
Now at sea Ml iilON. T*i. £k>uth 1ST. .
Between Fourth acd Fifth, sear Fifth q*.
Flcot E5'j»jo«ti at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry llir.wi I
JAMES McGINN ± CO.. |
¦ Tormerly With McGlaa Brr».. j
Taaerat Ltreetors aad Eaabe>l^>ers I
214 Eddy st. ; Tel. South 67*.
F. J. M0NAHAN. MasAjer. TaL Mission XX.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIKECTOR3 AND EMBAZJiXB3,
Z3S»-2341 Wnln st.. sear Niaeueau,
i £an Fraacisco ±
WAJVTED--MALE.
A YOUNG cian. married, college education.
seeks DosiUen. Inside or outside work;
tpeaks four languages; Al references. Bcx
4<JS. CaU cfSce. -
EXPEP.IENCED baker, thoroughly relUble
ar-d understands the business; can take
charge c* taken'. B?x 4»0. Call effice. *
FIRST-CLASS rtatic-nary engineer desires a
trst-ciass posirica. Adiress box 1008. Call
effice. O&kOand.
SITUATION -wanted — Grocery clerk: good
salesman; Chicago experience- Box 454, CalL
POSITION wanted as valet; first-class tailor.
Bcx «>T. CaU.
A COLCREI> '-¥-' wishes pn«itlon as cook,
y&iter cr chcremac Box 455, CalL
WANTED — A position as a travellnx eale»-
man. Address bcx 432. Call office.
WANTED — A pcaltics as day Janitor In whole-
sale house. Adiress bcx 433, CalL
MARIUED man war.ts citn&tton as working
fcreniaa ta esiaU orchard or vlneyarA; refer-
encts. B-:x 444, Call.
SCHOOLEOY wants a Saturday Job. 144S
Ninth are., S>>uth San Francisco.
A STRONG roue man war.ts a place ta learn
grocery fccsises*. Bor 450. CaiL
YOUNG man wants fltxatlca ta care for
fccrses. Ecx 4C1. Call.
A BOY vto w^hes a Saturday j:b. Eox €38,
Call cf£ce.
ENGINEEll. eteam. gas or electric power; sta-
tior. cr factcp-. Bcx 957. Call effice.
EEICKitASO.V wants work: c:ty or country;
gcod jobbing raaa. Box 471, CalL
COACIIMA^ .table cr useful; best references.
T. li.. 441 Jfe?£ie st.
FIRST -CLASS icb eompoeltor wishes steady
pos:t:;>o- Address bcx 442. Call.
painting, paper hanging ana tinting; town
cr ccuntry. 34 Mary «t.
TVANTl-jj — Work as elevator man. E. J.
CUI1I.Y. 3c5 Sutter st.
ERAi'S furraoe tender, rntxer and refiner of all
.-. • :i cf brass and white Betais would like
rscd pci:t:ca: 23 years' experience, Bcx
435. Call office.
Two r*lu.t:e vans Baea wish pesitiens cf
seme k;nd In wholesale or retail Mere; can
Five gtxxl references. Address C. E. S. and
L. G. I , 22 Tehisa St.
"WANTED — By eoapetest man. position as
gardener; caderstaeds h:s business; well rec-
crud^nded; exceiient references. A£lrees
tcx :C<-1. CaU ofSce, OaidanA.
PCiSITION on ranch cr orchard by man and
wife: man all-roc- d mechanic; woman ¦will
beard ban's anj assist when needed. Box
S3?. CaU office. Oakland.
C1TUATI0N wasxed by EngUihtnan as valet
tr t"d:or servstt; can cock fcr bachelor.
Aodr^ss W. S.. bcx 2*.'. Call.
STRONG youth. 15, Gert=Aa parerrtage. knTRl-
edge cf groceries aad as jxirter. desires worlc.
Bcx 312. Call. -
CARPENTER wrrk wanted direct frcm owners:
*3 cr ccstract: first -class wcrk; best cf refer-
csces. Ecx 4^>. Call cfrict. i
AN c!4 ger-tleman desires; i sjoelt:cn* as collector
:n <ioct--r'g cr any cth^r office. Bcx 3S7. Call.
A BAKER, roc-d all-round man. wants situa-
tion in the country. Box 33s. Call.
GARDENER, etper.-nce-l la all brancu-s,
csrr:ei, war.ts a s.tuaf.on. Box 35ft. CaiL
JANITCR" work, h-juse-cleaning, etc. ; +*-ly
wt:h tcols. B-;x 4C2. Call.
ItANCH mark wasted ty thoroughly ccaipetent
«s: rood teiinrter aad unierstands hani-
l.r.f Eli kinis of farm machinery; also good
rtock maa. Bcx 25». CaU effice.
TOUNG mas w'.shet position on private place;
good g-ariecr; v*ry handy with horses and
r'^s; can mCfc. Acireae box S>S, Call office,
Cikland.
ENGINEER war.ts situation : caderrtands
eteara plant an-1 electrical wcrk; ail kinds
cf work around building; 4 vears is last p.ti-
txL Ecx 3C^ 'rail effice.
PRINTER— An sil-rcvnd. reliable printer wants
a sTTrartion la the country. Address F.
STEWART. 808 E:«\-«nri: st.. Oaklaad. Cal.
fgi English butler desires position
ty February 1; salary not less thaa *>» per
rr.cr.ta; strictly first class. Bcx 3*t5. Call.
6TE.VDY. eoers?tlc man m-antj position as
•alef— ar. or, collector; also understan'is bock-
keep:ng; goc-i references. Bex 361. Call.
FIREMAN <boll*r> ¦wants pesitien: exp«rieaced
»tta fuel oil cr ccal; references. Bcx 4M.
Call office.
— Poe-tica as hetel clerk cr fcar-
fZLitr ty £rst-cla«s iraa. with be*t cf ref-
erences; city cr UsaatijF. Bcx C55. CalL
EXGIXEER and electridaa desires enipicr-
raest; ¦sctessslwt exp«ri«ice. il. E.. yCl Powell.
6ITITATIOS wanted by colored yoo=g raaa;
¦ cc^^ienx ccci s.z.1 waiter. J. "W".. 11 East.
DRAU 3HTSMAN wants position in en archi-
tect's cKce cr puling ml'.i. Ecx 379. CalL
SITUATION wanted as clerk in hotel: can give
bcr.3 :f necessa.T. Addr»gs box 3t3. CalL
A. YOUNG Jaran^ae wisu. a pcsiticn as a
cchi.ol tor. 5^7 I>maoat «.. city.
JAPANESE henest bey wants a position as
fcchoo'.bov; usderstaEds English seme; studied
5 years in hams. T. NAKAilURA, t06 Stock-
ton Et.; tel. Ma.'n CCS.
A JAPANESE wants f'.tuatica to ity house-
work: iae much exwrieace. Address K.
MAS DA. 1*0 GoUea Gate ave.
JAPANESE war.ts position to wash etep6 every
tr.crtur.g. Address JOE. 100<i Hyde sr_
JAPANESE, a ycuEg, \-ery henest schoolboy;
all work r^arar.t*ed to be firrt class; wages
%l f-q ZZiZ Mission ft.: teL Church 333.
CLABSIFXED «<J»»rti«einei5t« aad reb«Kriptloas i
received at Call branch pence. 220O nilaort
EDCCATIO3TAI*,
ANOTHER er!arg^n:e=t at CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE; aa army cf workmen
are putting the finishing touches en our new
home, &U1-&C3 Goi£*n G«.te ave. The deveiop-
ratsx cf tJt:« pr-j*re«sive school has been one
of tfce srr-eaiesx cuemm d the WesFt; 1S.0OO
sqaare feet. 35 rooms, 45 students. 15 teach-
ers. Write fcr 75-page illustrated catalogue.
. The rr>w;sx Dfe ani enthusiasm here will be
a cot^tar.t I=«;:rati3n to you.
ATRES. the Ieailsg besisess college. T23 Slar-
. ket st : eetatliihed IS y^ars; Ufe scholar-
ship. $5O: bcokkeei>ln«. shcrthaad. touch typ-
:r.r arithraetic. evening;, etc; positions se-
c-^i*<!: the college refurnished with new
typewriters and f -mture Jan. L Catalogue
Jree.
NEW *vver^le <I?cartt=«3t cf the Paul Gerson
Schocl of Actir.s now cj.-en; applicants re-
ceived from 6 to 12 years of are; Miss Ulliaa
M -v---. ; r.:. -;--i. ; exception il advaatases;
largest schocl cf the kind in the West: send
for caxa.:og-a». Native Sens' Hall.. 414 Majca.
EEALD*S BUSINESS COLLEGE U POST. S.
F. — Bookxeepisr. shorthand, tcuch typing.
lasruares. tdegratty. English branches; f^r
*sA right sesrttiBs; Ulcstrated catalorae free.
THE Lyces=i. i: accredited preparatory school
for th« uclverrity. law and medical cc:.»r»«:
ret.. Prealo>at Jordaa or any Etacford profes-
¦or; Car and evening sessions. Phelan bids;.
HINilAN'S AcaSftsy; a thcro^xh schocl of
danclsx: eatat'.ixhed 20 years. 1412 Pclk St..
between Pise and California; bcth adu'.t and
children's classes are now cpen for the •easca.
FRENCH EIXMENTART COURSE, thrice a
week. S2 a nicnth: einiplest method: will b*.
srln Jaziuarr 1* at 11 o'clock; triai free.
42S Eutter st.
A LAP.GEP. mi better school than erer; enter
at cace if ycu d*slre a good position: Grpgg
shorthand. Ellis bockkeeclag. S. F. Ltus.
College. 123C Market tt.
WANTED — Stxziir at hcrae: a conrs* in bock-
k'*-j>'n^ free to all. P«m<l 2-ce-:t stamp for
; art;<-u:ar*. J. SCHLOSSER, 2015 O St., Sac-
ratneiotg. Cal. - - -.-
EEALD'S Schocl cf H!=es & Eiectrlclty. 24 Post
et. 6. F.: a practical schocl cf engineering;
ccn-.p-.tte utipsfSL Special catalcrue free.
ENGINEERING — CItII. elee^ rnJn.. mech.. «or-
vr r. uur. cyanide: day. e». : est. 1«54. Vaa
Ctr N»;:;m School. 113 Fulton, cr. City Hall.
ET. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY. Peralta Park.
*>rkeiey boarding school for boys under 13.
ERO. CENEBERN. Director.
DAJfCCCG Tt:e«<!«y. Th^rsiay. Satnrday. Sea-
day evgs.. Tmtonia Hall. Howard «t.. near
»th. Prcf. FoEter; society dancing tacght.
BANJO, r=!tar, mandolin thorooghlr taught;
2 ho-^r*. 5oc. 317 Gcugh ft., near Hayes.
KENT Law School; always cpea: conducted ty
practical '.swyers. 536 Parrctt ball(!l=«:.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orrhertrs practice. 4C2 Geary st.
EPANIhH.Fren<;h.etc.Prof.DeFlIlppe'sAcid'inr
- cf larguagg.5a)Po«t;egtap'dlS71; ablest profs.
PIANO l^sccs. 25e half hour. MRS. PECK.
exp»rier.ce<i teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
CCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION' Day *^A
PARTING TO??'S. 424 Pts« st Klgfat class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. KramaseT.wrltlasi
r ' c - '¦ day or ere.; Z3 ma. 1024 Mission, nr.eth.
FEATHER REXOVATIXG.,
OSTRICH feathers and boas remodeled, carted
Band waterproofed; gives a luster eqnal to
new; can be worn a season without losing
carl. Potter Waterprocflng Co.. 50 Geary st.
ST tew. healthful process. Cal. Steaai Feather
Cc., 325 Vaa Xeu ave.; tel. Howard 3167.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE — Con.
A— THE DOMESTIC CLUB.
233 Geary st., ¦ room 36L.
HOUSEWORK.
2"ln family; gas range; good cook $30
2 la family;' ccttage: good home...; $30.
2 la-family; nfce place. .......".....'.$25
Nice family; second girl kept; German.... $25
4 faciily; middle aged woman $25
4 family; light wash; plaia cock; maa to
do heavy *. work $30
Housework girl, officers' camp. Presidio... $30
SECOND ¦ GIRLS.
5 secacd girls for dce-homea $2S
Parlor maid, speak French $25
COOKS.
First-class American family $35
German cock; deaa 'dining-room... $30
German cock: little sweeping t3Q
Etc., etc, etc. !
Etc., etc., etc
COOK. 2 family; no washing $40
5 cooks, with and without washing.... $30-133
2 parlor maids $25-$30
5 second girls $2f>$25
Infant nurse $25
3 nuse girls \$15-?20-$25
Chambermaid and waiting ?..... J2O-J-5
"Waitress, country hotel; fare here..' $25
Laundress, Institution ...\, ' $25
« waitresses, family hotel, city.... $25
50 general housework girls, city and coun-
ttry $20-$25-$30
pply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladies' waists and
¦ children's wash suits. 656 Mission si., third
goor. .
A— "EXAMINER waated on ladies* and chn-
drea's wear. C56 Missioa et.. third flocr.
A— OPERATORS wanted to sew at home. C56
Mission St., third floor. - .
$7 TO $10 per week at home mailing circulars;
sample oatflt 15c coin. Zelora Co., LaSalle,
Mich.
WANTED — First -class finishers; also apprea-
tices on vests. 230H Ninth St.. opposite
Clementina.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats. 1103 Market
etrcet.
EXPERIENCED operators wanted. 1157
FoSsom st. -- -
GIRL for general housewcrk: must be good
cook; wages $25. -Apply 2200 Webster st.
LADY traveler 'fcr' business house; permanent
position. Box 474. Call office. -
WANTED— Apprentices to leara hairdressing
and manicuring: will pay while learning.
Apply between 3 and 11 a. m. at HALE
EROS.*
WANTED at once, a wotr-in "who is bright and
dresses neatly to travel fcr business house.
Box 3S2. Call effice. " . '
OPERATORS and machine hands wanted at M.
SIMiyOFF-S. 122S Market st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been ccen«d at 100S Market St.," cjnesite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WASTED MALE.
FURNISHING goods salesman for country
department store, must have some clothing
experience. $73 and percentage; middle-aged
man as collector and solicitor, $50; cyanide
and chemist fcr gold mines, must have prac-
tical exr^erience. $100 and found; 'Swiss
milker ani wife. $<X> and found: milker. $30
and found; man about place. $30 and found;
second cook, country hotel. $50 and found:
baker, $1* week; hotel cook, $40 and found;
waiter for club, $45: and others. J. F.
CROSSETT & CO.. f2S Sacramento st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
526 MONTGOMERY ST. — 526
Phone Main 1101 Corner Clay Street
Upstairs 1101 Main Phone
OFFICE OPEN" to-day (Sunday) 10 to 12 m.
Blacksmith, dredger, no shoeing, $50 and
found and increase: dishwasher, country
hotel, free fare. $25 found: planerman, coun-
try mill, $.'J SO day; sticker- hand, country,
$3 30 day; 5 izzrA'A**. with boys, for box
factory, country: COAL MINERS, OREGON.
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 13,000 ap-
pointments !ast year; chances better now; ex.
arnlnations ever)- State; thousands prepared by
National Correspondence Institute. Washing-
ton, I). C. the originators of this work, are
in the service. Write for circular J-l. show-
ing positions, salaries, examinations, sample
questions, etc.. to Pacific Coast Office. 927,
Market St., ifan Francisco, Cal. ,
WANTED— The advertising business taught ia
CO days: no previous experience necessary;
practical working knowledge guaranteed; ad-
vertisirjf men earn from $25 to $100 and up
per week; I made $12.«jCO In this businjss
last year: I can start you rieht: write for
particulars. GEORGE H. CURRIER. 12
Lakeside building. Chicago.
WANTED — Stenographers to coach eve. civil
service examination's ; 2 hours' work; oral dic-
tation to typewriter; students' coached for
mining, law, commercial positions; if defi-
cient become a flrst-ciass stenographer; terms
reasonable. M. A. GOTHIE. 563 Parrott
buOdincT, Saa Francisco.
CIVIL service examinations, will be, held soon
ia Saa Francisco; chances of appointment
excellent; our eleven years' exoerience in
preparing apcllcants for successful grades
means success to you. Call or write for full
jartiralai*. Pacific Coast Office Xational
C>rrtsp. Institute. 027 Market St., S. F.
YOwNG man. ere you desirous of making $12
to Jl.*. a week without hard work all the
year round? You can do It. Send me 50 cents
and I will start you in business that is a
sure winner. Address F. KNAPP. 308 S.
Fremont St.. Los Ar.reles, CaL /
A— L t,
Men to learn the barber trade la two months
ar.d secure gcod positions; catalogue aad full
ir.fcrr-.it; :- mailed free. M0LER System
Ccllege. Ci5 Ciay st.
SALESMEN" wanted— Largest paint makers m
Southwest want Bailsmen everywhere; larg-
est pay: i«=t selling proposition; beats all
comr*titior:: n<> samples: commissions week-
ly. F. Hammar Paint Co., St. Louis, Mo.
TRAVELING saleyman to sell all classes retail
trade; business fully established; high priced
men investigate; references. Eox 522, De-
troit. Mich.
"WORK home, growing mushrooms in cellars.
€tc; $1^ ¦weekly; no outfit; pay sent prompt-
ly. Addressed envelope for year's contract.
Combined Growers, 9 Beekman, N. Y.
WANTED — Young man about 20 years of age
to assist la keeping ledger and t* do collect-
ing. Only three with highest references need
aur-ly. I. MAGNIN I CO.. 43-53 st.
DRIVER to drive !!gh^ delivery wagon- must
have experience In Western Addittpn;- wa«es
$10 per weolc. Call teMay, 10 to 12 BLUM'S
CONFECTIONERY, gutter and Pc{k sts.
WANTED — Men and- 5 wernen to learn the
barber trad*: *•»?<?*: raid while learning
Call or address WESTERN COLLEGE OF
BARBERS.647 Commercial «..San Francisco.
"WANTED — Salesman to represent manufac-
turer In Orejrcn and Washinston; ilSCO a
y»ar; rr-ust tw> capable and able to invest
$."XO. Box 422, -Call.
WANTED — Active, honest man for outside
work and collecting; $50 month: steady po-
sition : $200 cash deposit required. 20 Mont-
gomery St., room. 8.
TAILORS — Ceatmaker and pantsrnaker wanted
for th» country: steady place. ARXSTEIV
SIMON 4: CO., Market and Second sts. San
Francifco.
WANTED— Everywhere, hustlers to tack signs
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can-
vassing; gcod pay. Siin Advertising Bureau
Chicago. . ,»
WANTED — Men everywhere; good pay to dis-
tribute circulars, adv. matter, tacit slims etc
No canvassing. National Adv. Bureau Chi-
cago. <¦;¦' •
CLOAKMAKERS to learn ladies* tailoring
rut tin? arid fitting: t«*rm3> reasonable Ad-
dnt? HOENIO; £¦!» Post St. -
WANTED — r Experienced young man trf rua
elevator. Call • at STRAUSS Sc
FROHMAN'S, 107 Pest et. M *
1C0 YOUNG men of IS years, with good char-
acter, to organize military organization.
Call at 473 Valencia st., bet. 6 and 8 p. m.
YOUNG man exoerienoed in office work, one
who can dv typewriting preferred. Box 4i5
Call office. ,
SEE the Pacific Boetness " Association, 11 IS
Market; for bargains in. real estate and
business chances. • ' ILl 1
¦<tr1 . '
WANTED— A mechanical dravidbtsman. 203
First st. . ' - ¦¦ "••'V.*^: ¦ ¦•
WANTED — A thorough dry goods- maa. famil-
lar with coG3try gtore trade. Box 45S. Call.
DETECTI\"ES everywhere; gcod salary; no ex-
perience. Intl. Detective Agency, Milwaukee.
WANTED — Coatmakier; |6 up. F. DAETWY-
LER & CO.."; 121 Geary rt.
WANTBD — Office boy; apply with " references
Eox 47S. Call. ' ' , . -
WRITING clerk for law' office wanted- Ad-
- dress Serlbo. .Call office, Oakland. '*
"WANTED— 50 reliable youn? Protestant, white
• American men, IS to 21 yrs. Bor 2099. Call.
BARBERS — Best 5-chalr - downtown • shop for
sale; party going East. Box . 639. , Call.
EARN better salary and position; study elec-
tricity, mechanical engineertag. telegraphy.
by correspondence; thousands successful. T.
A. Edison fndorses Institute; book, ."Can I
Become an Electrical Engineer?", free. Elec-
trical Engineer Institute. New York.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes h*lf-
s<Red whea you caa get It done for 25c SOo
and 60c while you wait at 563 - Misaioa st—
Ut. 1st and 2d sts., cr 11 Third St.CHICAGO. Jan. 16. — Mrs. Edna
Parker Wickes was to-day granted a
divorce* from Thomas H. Wickes, vice
president of the -Pullman Company.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 16.— Judge Em
met Seawell this morning ordered that
an interlocutory decree of <* divorce, be
entered in the case of George - Lemuel
Ayers against Hattie Talmadge Ayers.
The order made by the court says:
"The tesimony In this case shows do
mestic infelicity during many years of
the married life of plaintiff and defend
ant. In fact a number of acts of ex
treme cruelty are alleged against de r
fendant and testified to by plaintiff and
hie brother, Charles R. Ayers. From
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. 16.— John J. Bren
nan, the Alderman sentenced to one
year in the House of Correction for
complicity in election frauds, was put
to work to-day tying up bundles of
brooms in the broom department. Ha
was attired in the regulation prison
suit and his hair and mustache had
been trimmed. With Brennan are 157
other men, white and colored.
Ex-.Udernian Hard at Wopk.
George Lemuel Ayers of So
noma County Obtains-Inter
locutory Decree at Santa Eosa
COURT GRANTS
HIM A DIVORCE
WASHINGTON, Jan. - 16. — After
hearing ' two of the Government's wit
nesses ; to-day in" the postals trial now
on' * trial before .'/ Justigs Pritchard in
the Supreme Court,': adjournment was
taken J until Monday, \ thus closing » the
flrstlweek of the hearing. The benches
provided for the public were not half
filled to-day.
One of the witnesses, former. First
Assistant Postmaster General Johns
ton, "gave his testimony yesterday and
was ' to-day cross-examined ,by ; attor
neys for defense.; He. described the up
building of the rural free delivery sys
tem' and Machen's connection with the
work and testified as to initialing of
letters coming from Machen. ; - The
other witness, .former "First -Assistant
Postmaster I General Frank -/. M. ; Jones,
told ; of . orders given • f or , : postal box
fasteners and ¦ of the - practice v of '.his
office, in 'the matter > of 'ordering^sup-'
plies. * He * concluded ,?, his ; v testimony
with the adjournment of cour*
Two Government Witnesses Give Tes
timony Concerning: the Rural -
Delivery System.
ADJOURN MACBLEN /
' ".:, ' • ;>¦ CASE UNTIL MONDAY
• This brings" to a close what was at
one- time believed would be a bitterly
contested case and pro'yide some sen
sational testimony. Previous to the
filing of the complaint, Mrs. Ayers had
talked of bringing the action, and the
husband brought one first. There are
a number of specific cruelties men
tioned, the most 'sensational -of- which
was that the defendant attacked plain
tiff at their home in SebastopoMn 1900.
and without any provocation' struck
him across the head with a heavy iron
spoon fifteen Inches in length, breaking
the crown of his hat and inflicting a
scalp wound. Plaintiff asserts that
at the time of the " attack he was
peaceably reading a newspaper and
had no warning of the onslaught.
The case attracted considerable at
tention at the time of the filing of the
suit, owing to the social prominence
of the couple. The plaintiff is a well
known Sonoma County educator, . hav-"
ing taught in a number of the county's
schools, and enjoys an extensive - ac
quaintance. His wife was; a society
belle of this city previous to : , the mar
riage, the daughter of wealthy parents
and a girl of beauty and charm of
manner. .__
the lips of the accused there come no
denials."
' . . ¦ ¦ ¦--¦¦ ';¦¦¦'/.- t .
THE, v.SANv- FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 17, 1904.
44
fully Invited to attend »*• £ UJ "**i t^ 1 ?^
at 10:15 o'clock J*nainr » )»», *t th*
. rarlors of Halsted & Co.. M6 Mission street
Interment Home of I' e ?£f I £ eroe *; ry T.oini."nQ
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
WRAT— In this city. J" 0 "* 1 * }?% K J ! J£ e L
beloved wife of Richard %V ray. and mother
of Mrs. LJUie M. Crlpp* of V*™*. _f. T..
vn i~n a jTi J VTyatt ana Albert R. H.
wSy.^StUve of Gla^ow ScoUand. a«e4
06 years 4 months and 16 days.
CARD OF THANKS.
w« hereby wish to extend our sincere
thanks to our many kind friend* for the
sympathy shown us In our sad bereavement,
and for the beautiful floral offerings sent to
our desart«» love* 1 on *- Ru^o'ob. C. Sohade.
cur de=art~ FROM THE FAMILY.
DEATH NOTICES.'
Continued from Page 43. ,
MOORE— In Ban Mateo, January. 16. 1904.
John Gordon, husband of Mary J. Moore,
and, father of John G. Moore Jr.., Mrs. J. T.
Jennings, Mrs. . J. D, Hunter and Mrs. C.
W. Fisher, a native of Tfew Hampshire,
aged 74 years 8 months and 27. days
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited ; to attend the funeral aervlces
S at his late residence 'Monday afternoon, at 2
? o'clock. Interment,Cypress Lawn CJemetery.
OSBOURNE— In Detroit. Mlch.V January .11,
. 1904, George, only son of George Osbourne of.
"San Francisco. : aged 26 years. ' " ¦.' "
(CTFriends and relatives are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral ceremonies at
10 o'clock Tuesday, January 19; at the
Church of St. Francis : de Sales,' Grove ' and
Hobart Btreets. Oakland. Interment Moun-
; tain \ r lew Cemetery.
PUTTICK^-In this , city. January 14;? 1904.
WiUiam Puttick. husband of Louisa Puttick.
• and grandfather of William and George Pitt,
a native. of England, aged 67 years and 11
,. months. . ¦ ..\ . . , . .•.-.¦¦„ .'. -
'•• ICTTuneral services Sunday, January* 17,
-; at -8:30 o'clock.^ at hie late residence.' 4^a
¦McCormlck place, oft Pacific street, between
Hyde and « Larktn. Iilterntent Cypress Lawn
Cemetery'. •" ¦ - " , ¦> . •
RILEY — In this city, January 16, 1904. Ellle.
r beloved daughter of Hugh and Kusana Riley,,
and 8lster.-of Mrs. J. J. Donahue. Mrs. Philip
Braanigan, Mrs. M. Muruhy and "¦ KaUe " and
John Riley,"" a native of County.Leltrim.'Ire-
land. —. "¦•;¦¦:'-, .• •¦ ¦-. ;: .:,<;¦_
: CTFrlenda are resDectfully • invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 8:30
o'clock. ¦ from tier late resideucc. 10 Harri-
son street, thence to St. Brendan's Church,
where a requiem hish mass will be cele-
' brated for, the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment ' Holy Cross
Cemetery. ':' '•-.¦'
ROBERTSON— In this city. January 15, 1904.
* Francis, i beloved, husband of Fidelia Rob-
ertson." and father of John Robertnon. a na-
tive of Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 62 years.
C?" Friends *and acquaintances are respect-
* fully invited ?« attend the funeral services
to-morrdw' (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 190O
Mission street;" between Fifteenth and ." Six-
teenth. • Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
. ; by /carriage. . - ¦?3&&&itSt&t0iS$#j$l
SHEEHAN— In , this cijty. January 15. - 1004.
. Mary Sheehan. beloved uwlfe • of John Shee-
•' ; han, • mother of Mrs. J. tlrquha rt, Mrs. Wil-
liam J. Mahoney and ''John J.. Daniel- J..
¦ Morris F., . William B. and Cornelius E.
:¦ Sbeehan, a native of County Kerry, ' Ireland,
aged 64 years. ¦
':> E7Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
. January 18. 1904, at 9:30 o'clock, from her
; late residence, : 30S Valencia street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn ra-
quiem hleh mass : will be celebrated for the
,v repose- of her. soul. Interment • Holy Cross
¦ Cemetery. '.•...-¦ ¦•;¦.. ¦ •
SILVA— In this city, . January 15, 1903, i Ellen
H. "i SUva. beloved wife ' of , the late • Manuel
Sllva, and mother ' of Mrs. George C. » Ben- .
nallack, a native of California.' aged 42 years
* 4 ¦ months and ¦ 24 1 days. -'" ¦' ...
'. CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral <: services
. Monday, • January IS. 1904, at 11 o'clock,at
her. late : residence. 33 iLafayette street, in-
terment Cypress Lawn . Cemetery; by electric
..' funeral 'car,; from cornr • of Eighteenth and
s « Guerrero streets . at ' 11 :30' o'clock.* • :.•*¦• • ¦•
SMITH— In thla city, January IS. :19m, -Ellen.
beloved wife of WlllJam Smith, and mother
of James Smith, a native of Scotland, aged
7? years. -
* ?? rFriends "Jid acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 11 o'clock, from her late residence. 2207
Polk street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
STANTON— In this city. January 16. 10O4. at
the residence. 1001 Minna street. James Ed-
ward, be'oved «on of William E. and Kate
Stanton. and brother of William Stanton. a
native or San Francisco, aged 4 months and
10 days. ¦
SULLIVAN-In_thl8 city. January 14, 1004.
James >W beloved son of Daniel J. and
Hannah M. Sullivan, and beloved brotherof
Annie, Mabel and Daniel Sullivan and Mrs
¦ Leo J. McGinn, a native of San Franclsca.
aged 27 years. ««v»wj.
? B ? r^ Ien ? a ' are . **«>«ctfuHy invited to at-
nd n th ? , *« n eral Sunday. January^ 17 at
12:30 o'clock, from the residence of his
parents 1503 Pulton street, thenc. to It
Agnea Church for services, commencing ai
1 o'clock.. Intermwit Holy Cross Cemetery
THALER— In Oakland. January 15 i«mu
Conrad Thaler, beloved fatheV of Le^a.'
: Henry. Conrad. Gustav and C*ar>#« tt^w
HnPr^.n'^ ? rIy - b * l0X ' ed mother or Floni
Se°Sry.^% a y ea^ tlVe « *"***»*'¦
CT^rlenda and acquainUncea are respect-
EAXE'i i ' ?fi5!!L^~~~~~~~J^ f . TL^FJE'8. | HAXE'S. | SAUfc'S.
Es^- JJ1 — i§nt Hale's great trade off ering of the year. Exploited simultaneously to-day by Hale's stores— San Francisco, Sacramento, Stockton. >/ *
\ f^==±~- fi!bh / / y San Fra n cisco " store A I 1 f\\ /Vl 111 W m^-t m -li7 £*^ Iinens in San Fran " V l^
& j alone - ilLJl Ci.1^ i'Ull t lltW.O Cisco store alone. °T^
fMmjj/ktf'l \ ii / M?/W^ r^ ' " ore to - c^ oos f f rom than we can P oss^y . s h.w> at regular times. r All of it gcod; all of it under the lEfflS^ K V\\ i^SsW'' ; //
| % ' -< ¦';. Jjj$ ''Jjftffl ///{/// \ What could be more unexpected, more welcome at this time, with every household in need of these wJ'ij /j&m mESBffiffJf '' ¦ »^»
I " ~W ilv A J —} things and prices higher and^bar gains scarcer in them than ever f y// *4s£a , ' f. J-' • m^sZffii
v^ffM^^^^^^^^ Look at the Scope of the Safe. ¦¦, . " *
¦f^^^^^^^^^^^B^S^Z ' Not just a special lot of certain sizes or qualities for certain purses and certain tastes.
'¦^^' Tr&Axrt I Something for all. "Cotton towels, huck (linen) towels, Turkish towels, damask towels. All - — «_- " '¦ "
\JVhifA Oinn^l*W^II*P * ES mbw. ' grades, all sizes, all prices. 6c, up to those beautiful ones at 50c, 75c, $1.00. 1 otjt-op-town I Rl«/^lr V^1i7A1"C
TT IIHv lyillllVI naiv This is your Then table linens— broadest choosing of patterns and qualities we ever offered. If OlCUwfV VC1VWW
==!==:^= Best kind at the low- chance if there it's 20c or if it's $1.00 or any price between you want to pay you'll get values you least You/ve same a -¦ li. ' MJ 1-C T¥ 2 ***-*.
100-picce sets, only est prices we know of. expect to get. „ blues' city folks : AllTlOS V flail Y J T\C&
$740- vf - P k , nty , Of j t / 1 ( you as much as f ,, / ' ' « ' SSmmYS? jwd-. Right when you'd least expect it; when they
Vrtrn'-'alueinindi- just a handtul pt you . d pay at LOOK Bt tile UOOQS. • ( J ¦ , . attention as we 'are in the height of. their beauty and usefulness;
Cl * , , ; certain pieces, but a mills in big lots. — XT ... ,. T" — XT . , . . ... ,. . , . ,. „ XT '. . do them - I when they are worth full prices (if they ever arc)
vidual pieces, too complete choosing of ' Nothing to disappoint you. Nothing some one else didn t want or couldn t sell. Nothing g1 g r comes this chance to get
====== everything any one 4^1 that has an y excuse jn itself for being so cheap (unless it is one lot of huck towels and one „£«&? Si. 00 quality at 50c and 60c.
xmts. All new shapes.' New styles. What /*&\ of Turkis I\ to " e mdI mcn^ u are = seconds). _ , j^^ V $1.2; aualitv at 70c.
housekeeper isn't interested in white dinner- qj^k The HnenS ™ &S freSh a " d CnSP and *"»*** ** »™ CM bC * W M -00 y^s-^ofl entirely new. All of it
rraiV c cxpect thcse pr : ces t0 havc wide 1%W Look at the Money Vou Save - " m9^r\ -^ ?;x^i£ P a ™
T 1 hC TJZ l ? d £/n°° PiCCC5j Cn ° Ugh f ° r /^^^ Every price here is a new price-less than we've been asking; ¦; less than we can ask again fe>T\ want to stock
n\cl\c persons, / rC soon - Do >' ou know y° n wl11 P a^ less for some of thcse towcls than wc can buy them for jW^W-Z-Q up. They can't buy from wholesalers for as little
5o-piecc cottage Set. SS. 55. Cream Pitchers, fancy, i5c c^/^-J-Hs ourselves in big lots? The cotton market has gone up two and three and four times since we {§§ — JaT"^^"^ as we'll ask.
! P lnn £ a '? £ ; <Sc ;, Moat p!atters- y> "^ contracted for this stuff. It will be the last offering on the old basis. Can you afford to g t u . We wish we had more room to tell you about
6 Breakfast Plates. ~Sc s . ln _ Sc 10-in.. 12c JWm a- „& U,,^;^^? ¦' ¦*» «?fc ' ¦ this silk and drcs3 goods sale. It Will go along
fSSffL^t^fiate* ifilS:: Mt fKfc 33c - put off buy g ' x •: ' ' - • 1 Tiaj , F Ho TO this wcck just as u did last
6 Fru s S Eau^rs sic SSSfuk I - Look at the Preparations. As safe as ca ii Rf . * p H/o . f 7 s c
6 Individual Butters. 15c. 9-ln. 63c. ~ In S- tf>t DIQCK fCaU OS *JUWS al I Ok*
6 oatmeal Bowls 45c * Covered Vegetable pishes HOTK. «» w - You will think this one mammoth towel-aiid-linen store when you come to-morrow. Half arf^you/ho^ A superb cloth, heavy, lustrous; 25c a yard.
cioup plate"' 48cf" 9 in' cic 8 KB=PB»8. .. the w j n( j ow f ron t has been needed; all the tables on the main floor and double the usual —say the word. Cheaper than^we can possibly sejl it for in the rcg-
l^^ u S p°s Up a S nd 4Sc saucer 8 . SSST "«? the . , counter room, too. Twice as many salesmen have been engaged to sell towels and table ular $I^ y blac^ JSeSs "extra heavy 6 5 c
cco^CuTs^d saucers. S Ti r e Kfe *%?' *™* -rKet. You .now linens as we've had at any previous sale before. . M . . %n?*S l LTl ¦ Stm a^w ofthosc' 7 Tc^ fancy^lks at 50c.
65c (3 styles). Tea pots large, 48c chances like this ¦- If there is any one who has been thinking of coming to Hale s tor the nrst time, dont modern mer- And $1.00 'fancy silks (just from the looms),
Covered Butters, 42c each. Cake Plate, 19c. | are scarce. m j ss opportunity. ' " chandlse sight. | at
A ~l ¦ rri* • rr** rr* t^t ¥ • it • »» 1 t* 1 $1.25 New Scotch Suitings 70c
Sewing Things The Table Linen Linen Huck Towels — W^^W^^M^^^M
'And Other Not ions at Hale\ See how.muoh, how good and how low priced it is, and then 14400 in this one batch— more to choose from Prices: ., $1.50 pebble suitings at 85c.
* TW: n<y ° H ' A^ n to come at this time when it's hard to find extra values. and 25 per cent less to pay than we can offer you at lgx , 6 ¦ j $1 . 25 black crashes black granges, at 70c
— — 7 casting cotton, aozen ¦ -- - any other time. . iq T ic «„ -.-. 5oc pophns, 10 colors, and black, 35c.
All good. spools for 6c. Whew! ===== Best off ers we ve had. The mill expert says. they made a mistake in making ™° JJ VoiZ 0 =5c granite suitings, 36 in., 16 2-3C. «
All Icnv-triced Stockinet shields, sizes • Bleached And now ivhen you can appre- these If there is a mistake you will say when you ' 40 m "."".' 1.4c
sin LOiv-pnceu. . > »-»»w«»w«»w« +!,«„, mrvcf " see them that you wish they would make it again. """" : :*^ c «— *- + , *~m
No mm Offm 5 Cottt cotton «c for 40c quality; 54 a t w widths, but al. s |^g W -¦»--*"> Flannelette QOWHS
at H ale's. —black, white, tan and l- c for 6oc quality' 62 inches Wldths - Not a lot of odds-and- Telephone or wrket. Share them by all means. gr*1 •'^ :
— brown, 3 for 5c. jg c {or 6sc Quality! 72 inches'. e " d pieces but full lines. Not an Linen Huck Towels. Huck Towels, 6c.-. flnCl OKlftS
Black corduroy skirt binding, ic yard. v o Co f nr C T on niialitv • 72 inches old OUt-Oi-date pattern 1 ; all new Hemmed, three sizes, three special Cotton, hem with colored borders, regu- - ah j » it ' » _»
Finishing braid, white and colors, 6 yards 5c. »5c lor i. oo quality , 72 incnes. and desirab i e prices. iar size. 16x30 in. Three other sifes. All under regular prices, all new; on sale first
Nickel safety pins, small, medium or large. 3c doz. ' $1-00 for $1.25 quality; 72 inches. . hpln : nfr ; 2* h \a- fellow 1%. •"- "' \ll§ In 2 C " : •— MHi ln - tin* a Mondav
Children's hose supporters, all sizes, black. 5 c pair. $1.50 for $1.75 quality; 90 inches. V e fe h . c P 1 ?^ . » ? «& iellow. gc I;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; J{»g ft ilZ^\ i8x2o& rnurxrc r a£?I' a aa
Cube pins, 100 jet or colored, 5 c. ,t tt : t. J, make a qU1 ° k tUrn " TllC bl ? gC - The hemstiu-W ones, four sizes, four °* . "" " """" f 10X4 ° GOWNS for women and children-as good and de-
Needle and pin books, 8c. Unbleached they are when- they get embar- v special pric«* Fringed Buck Towels.. sirablc -as any we could give yoo at full prices.
Stock collar foundations, 3c. 35c for 40c quality; 58 inches, for the store who brings^ relief. •.::::::::.:•:........ 22 x4o m. lie 22x45 in. San Francisco.
Kid hair curlers, 5 inches, 5c dozen. 40c for 50c quality; 58 inches. We had to take more than we , — . 33c-ciiiidrcn'8^GowD 3 pjik^d wua stripes. tanx^Jowa
Fancy side hose supporters, black, pink, blue, car- 4 c c for «c quality; 64 inches, really needed (if we got any of rr*-- _| _• '|_ np^x^^T/%1^ 1-f^1-^ r>*-2^r^ 42^-chiid^n-f 1 GoWn3. 0 pink e^d bine ttrixwi fl*aa«i-
dinal and orange, ioc pair. |^ » j .^ So marked J UrKlSIl 1 OWClS 11311 t^TlCQ <^^X^r^^^&&\K^
. _^ 65c for 75c quality ; 72 inches, even closer than we usually do to "Mill-runs"— one and two of a kind. Some of them show a slip of the " s?r k « is^^kl* C ° Uar * ""^
F*mhr*niH £**•"%/ PrirPC 85c for $I.OO quality ;72 inches, make sure that it ! will all sell. It thread; some of them might have a_spot of oil ¦ on them from the ma- ->-»^'cri sSiS ~ — A r\4-U~
JQIllUlCPliiCl V JrilCCO 3 M J Will. chine; some of them may be different lengths. They all have some 33C DKlttS QXIQ UtlierS
_, _ „,.,, „. % . • . . . little towel fault, but it isn't a fault that any one would think about when Pink and blue strioed flannelette cut full and
Every One Will Want to Take Advantage Of ; ,, they look at the prices. 100,150200.50, 30c, 400, 500, 600 700, 750 850, Mo^ k wU h wide ruffle on Se bottom, deep yokf d
We'll cleanup all our cut pieces (6, 8, 10 and 15 ,_-„ ,-_ <# TT "Z .. $i-oo and $1.25. The ones who buy first will get the best. We put them 3 % Q VAIlOT 50o _ 5 styles ln plaln plnk . W n e ttd
yard lengths) this week. Hundreds of t,hein left T^l-l^kCi^ IVanl/'itiC 1 \Y\f\c±-ft\1 m tr t Cir\ on a table by themselves, where you can see just what there is. . cream, and even pink and blue striped flaanel-
over from recent sales. lOC^C l^dpiVlll^ VJ I lUCFpr ICCU Turkish Tozvels. Brown Turkish Towels.- 2&hS^cta^"ffi I S2&e? t S^ 1 SSh 11 S£
Marked about Iwlf the former sale prices. Napkins for private use; heavier ones for hotels and restaur- The same good towels we have every Linen— the kind you seldom find at a ** S^S^S* ll0 ?v e< ! ed f e: de , ep /°* e , s - , , , ,
tt j T7 u -j • r> i_ • • 1 1 i. • 1 • >z. ee j x • xi • dav Thousands of new ones now at har _ atn "" * 67o VALUE 75c — Daisy flannel. 4 styles, plain pink.
3c— tor 5c and 6%c Embroideries. Cambric ants. Any One who wants napkins cant afford to miSS this op- SDecial prices. First time Monday. Bargain. blue and crcam Somo with two ruffles trimmed
edgings, i*/ 2 to 3 inches. r»r»rfiinirv . ones. W ith braid, others with scalloped ruffles em-
cf- For 7*4r ind ,S i-ir FmlirniHprir« V*rv poriunu^ . ,•-... , Bleached: v - sS/zSo. o(>C for 75c ones. broidered in silk: very pretty, very unusual.
5 fine cambric edgings? a to 4 inchis wide. "* Sl. 75 Napkins at $ M5 . ' ? 2 .2 5 Napkins at $I. 95 . \%^V. SlS & 7CC '" ll -°'° 73 ° n^e^elfe^^t?y^£ n $oZ£\££ y^;
7V 2 c— l<-r ioc and I2i/ 2 c Embroideries. Fine , Heavy white ones 21 in. - Silver - bleached German i?5"* S2 1? !"• J^^B I I enc Rnth Mnt* IT ruffles on the bottom embroidered ln cream silk,
cambric and Nainsook edgings. 2 to 4 inches; home use llnen>too> M K *S& ones, with a soft finish, 20 in. \lV;.\\ %Z\l & JKJoi IOC bam Mats,
insertions 1 to 3 inches. an linen. M Aw s^f r ft e - ll# f 9K „' ™°— «««£ WMl aV J^JZ?^' $1.25 Flannelette Skirts at 89c
ioc— For 15c and 20c Embroideries, Cambric $1.60. S1.S5 and *2.25 doz. ' quality at 85c; IS in. »5c.... 27x48 in. M mjA $\ I $1.^0 ones at 4 5c An excellent quality, not skimpy or poorly mad*:
and Nainsook edgings, 3 to 6 inch insertions 22 in - RQ u ai" e - //} (<o T I square. Unbleached: ' You mav flnd an imperfect place in the plain pink, blue or cream, d^ep yokes and wid© seal-
it^toVinch " ches; insertions and bcad - a^S u°s^o SSS |Mj £^^BJB" Wp P I Mkl^ r^^c^LTLT you win s - Special Corset Invitation
ings > to 3 inches. s ,vely already hemmed, i bS^ n<m than they have been. ajc.... x j j §|p^ For any one who has corset troubles or who
"^SooSfin. square. teM«* White Napkins 9OC Doz «£:::. 22x45^: Hemstitched Cotton Tozvels, lie. wants t6 get more comfort and more style out
*2 ET r* d<Cf%A^^A«4O A C\ ry 95c— 18%xl9 in. MS ¦ Good sturdy ones for pri- SSc 24 x 50 ln. It's or.o of the extras. of their corset to meet
jatSfcHSS; - •* • S.1f£Sl a "" w WMteb,^ "i^'Sa.T^Sja&S 1 Miss McCauley, Corsetiere
QVli'*»fc *75/» ¦ '¦ — • An wrkne S S"'ve l ry°onrwSild n «aM*8om? J°« "¦«'•• <*«»-;llc. '' w. can't She is "the woman who knows corsets," el-
SnlrtS /i>C .„ . , rT> .I V\ < »<^ WeiorSSw°miJ??e «f«-SS: «»»»">««>«• as cheapa. that now. pecially Her Udyship Corsets. If yoo dOht
Th. Suspenders. , 9 c are of S .rong e!a«ic Ubing. . MerCeHZed TaDIe DamHSk 52C ¦.^2T?Z£j22£&Sl. mam Damask Vewds.iiyic SSTV^S ge^acqSeTwSh rtLa" SfS
Si5f£p.S35f^S^£?Si^ . f^/o^w'e^e 8 o,d so much of .a,e, y . Women come ba<* again J2 r^lC^'Si^. .^L 0 " h "'"^' h^ ia^
The Sbir*7sc-In fancy percales, stripes and fig- and again for it: It washes well and is entirely; free of any lint. It fhas £S i^Se^fe heavy! ' Not >.t. S?J?r"« S i 2 Sf"" ry "^ 1Sx * % '° chc »- " S'»™. of »«,„.:
ures, with separate cuffs to match; some have^ the luster and beauty of 75c and $r.oo cloths. No one would guess you white. The manufacturer couldn't sell on«— 19x40 in for full figures, it reduces the aMoraen in * natural
ne« P «itteJs he^^ Paid ltSS tha ? thatfor for special selling now at 52c. S??S^S "45T W He could In 22^c-20x44 in. C9^K an* «»
¦ ?he at ffiSS* Jhen lakenVu t^Sen'we'do^ Turkey Red Damask Damask Pattern Cloths You -" save 1Oc °r. eachone - > S5c -2ix46 u, 16^^^
know Of a better shirt at $1.OO. ¦ quality at 2OC. with indi- CrOSh TOWCHngS 6C L Prince h,p..rortuU ,nd medium flg ur^. j
*4LV&r /nr *m vac. aualitv at i8c V ' "li^rso quality; 2 yards. Cotton, 18 inches wide, heavy, pure white, 8 i- 3 c quality. nzr /S8T *ffi7
*§&$%1&&*V OS^w JW /& -¦ ?i-5o; $1.85 quality; 21^ yards. 9c Roller Toweling, all linen, ioc GlaSS Towelihg 6c 1§&dML&Si/ af^s^ fiff/
/f-^i,^^^ -^^^ 38c is really a good one, 58 inches 2 j/ yards— $2.75. 8c Unbleached 8%c for ioc quality. JMf ZZ^GfVf*^ <r**s%i^£~^^
-^Gs&ssa*-^****. ZsOVt*^^ wide. The one at 20c is 56 inches. 3 yards— $3.25. ,¦¦: a n linen, ioc quality. i2^c pure linen glass toweling. "^^at^f^^P OO<Jl*2^ •