SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1904.
Continued • on Fase 2. Column 1.
>f clJiurln ' and Money * Re-elected.
JACKSON, Miss.," Jan. 19. , *ors
MclAurin 'and " Honey were elected to
'day ;by ;7the Legislature . to ; succeed
themselves- .---..... ;
Four Killed by a Cave- In.
BUTTE, Monu Jan. 19.^—Bya cave
of earth in the East Gray Rock mine,
one of the Amalgamated properties,
to-night four men were killed and two
injured. The dead: Tim Harrington.
C'le Oleson, two unknown men.
Vicious Horse Kills a Child.
VENTURA, Jan. 18. — Francisca Si
montrehi, the youngest daughter of J.
Simontrehi, died this afternoon after
several hours of intense suffering. -The
little girl ..was., kicked, by,; a \ieious
horse and thrown ten feet against a
fence. The hoof of the animal broke
the child's skull - - •
STOCKTON, Jan. 19.— The San Joa
quin County commissioners " to the j St.'
Louis Exposition' met this^morning and
adopted 'the^ estimates on^the cosf of
Installation and'running expenses made
up A by - Director The - entire
'cost for '? the 'seven months,/ including
shippihgh'omV thefextiibi&will amount
to about J15J000. i tPresideht'Filcheriof
the State Vommissio^t^le"phonedf to the
local ' commissipnerjif.'lo-day "'that ' San
Joa quin County's space would be 3 0x3 5
feet: •?¦¦-¦ /¦ ' -¦•• •' r ; - J Tr-. r ' -¦¦ ?'•*'
San Joaquin at the Exposition.
CHICAGO, Jan. 20.— A panic was
caused among 3 0 0 guests of the Pal
ace Hotel 'Jin' North Clark street _early
this .morning by j a small ' fire. * Men
'and* women ran [from the v building in
scant' attire," but no,' one , was hurt.
Loss tfiviall* . ;' , >
Fire j Drives s Out : Hotel *& nests.
SEOUL, Jan. -19.— Russia complains
that Korean soldiers are causing
trouble. Korea answers that Russia,
tnusf ndt interfere. -The tension, in
Seoul is ' Increasing, and ' the native
press, which is probably inspired, , Is
more 'bitter ' against 'foreigners than
formerly. The Emperor's trusted ad
visers have a daUy. council. . The Rus
sian and English legations have in
creased* theif guards by sixteen.
The. Japanese are .buying, and .stor
ing', ranch rice 5 in Northern Korea. The
Korean* general, Tihak Kyum, "whose
sympathies orii r'ro"- Russian, has made
a veiled ; threat against foreigners.
Warns Against Interference in the
Empire's Affairs.
KOREA DEFIES, RUSSL^
VALLEJO. Jan. 19. — Trustees Kelly
arid Cooper will retire from the Board
of City Trustees, President Petrie.and
Director Tinelli from the Board of
Education and Trustees Diamond and
Harris from the Board of Library
Trustees in March. The coming elec
tion will b<» to fill these vacancies and
also for the offices of Mayor, City At
torney. City Treasurer, City Auditor
and City Clerk.
Vallejo urHave an Election.
CHICO, Jan. 19.— A Mexican la
borer, who was employed by the.Butte
County Railroad, was frozen to v death
last night near Stirling City. The
Mexican and another laborer had been
at Stirling City during the day and in
the evening started to the graders'
camp somewhat intoxicated. Twelve
inches of* snow was on the ground.
The Mexican lay down to sleep and
when a searching party reached the
scene early this morning he was dead.
Sleeps in Snow and Dies.
SAN JOSE, ' Jan. 19.— About ' 150
stockmen, who have been in attend
ance at the national livestock conven
tion at Portland, Or., Will visit*" San
Jose to-morrow and remain until
Wednesday, afternoon. • They come in
response to an invitation from Charles
W. Coe and Fred M. Stern of 'this
city, who were delegates to the con
vention. A special train will leave
San Francisco at 9 a- m. to-morrow,
making a stop of two hours at ,Palo
Alto. They will reach San Jose'short
ly after 1 p. m. A committee of citi
zens and the Chamber 1 * of Commerce
will meet' them "at the depot and j es
cort them to the hotels Veridbnse ' and
St. James,: where lunch will be en*
joyed^ • At < J -pi m; they w'H be taken
for. a trolley ride to Alum Rock Park.
Thursday mornfhg'.thc visitors Iwill ' be
taken ¦ for. ; a drive about* the city; and
county, leaving; at 2:30 on their re
turn to ' Sj?in* Francisco.
Stockmen to Visit San Jose.
LOS ANGELES; Jam 19. — The large
warehouse ' owned by j J. S. \ Schirm at
the foot of Turner" street- was destroyed
by fire to-night, causing a loss of near
ly $30,000." The ¦building.: contained
nearly 7000 :barels of "cement,! more
than^-1000 barrels of * lime, a:, large
quantity of " fire clay,? and .' other , ? ma
terial, which Nvas ruined by water. A
large portion of the contents "of .the
building was * the property of George
McNear. of 123 California street, •« San
Francisco. The ' cause' </f >> the ¦ fire ' is
not known. The stock -was only par
tially insured. _ ; •
Thirty Thousand Dollars the Loss in
. a Blaze at Night in. the City
of Los Angeles. > Vli^iJ
southern .Warehouse
- \ .. destroyed by; fire
Engagement Takes Place Twenty-Four
, Miles' Frx>m Monastir and Seven
teen Rebels Are Killed-
SALONICA. Macedonia,. Jan. 19.— An
insurgent :band has been defeated by
Turkish troops near Perlepe, twenty
four miles from Monastir. I Seventeen
insurgents and five Turks were killed.
Turkish: troops defeat
' : a : band of insurgents
WALLA WALLA. Wash., Jan. 19. —
News was communicated^ to the Walla
Walla Commercial Club to-day from
Washington that the abandonment of
Fort Walla Walla had been definitely
decided on by the Secretary of W*ar as
soon as the Boise barracks v.-ere suf
ficiently enlarged to accommodate
regimental headquarters and four
troops of cavalry. The news is re
ceived with chagrin here, as the city
had enlisted the assistance oX-the en
tire Washington and Oregon delega
tions for the post's retention. Fort
Wa'lla Walla was established about
1S50J
Washington Post to Be Abandoned
BERLIN, Jan. 13.— The apprehension
that there might be war between Ja?an
and Russia, which prevailed at the For
eign Office two pr three days last wcv.fc,
"has been replaced by temperate conn
dencd that Russia will be able to Sat
isfy Japan.
The intimate relations between Ger
many and Russia were brought out in
the Reichstag to-day during a discus
sion over the privi'.rges given to Rus
sian secret agents on this side of the
frontier. The Socialists gave notice
some time ago that at the reopening of
Parliament they would question the
Government , oa the subject. Henr
Ernst Haase was put forward by the
party to-day . to . make the attack. He
asserted that Russia, maintained a chief
I of spies in Berlin, named TardiJc. who
' received $3000 yearly and enjoyed the
j title of his Excellency. Herr Haase
then mentioned by name Tardik's prin
cipal assistant, whose relations with
the German Government were such as
to permit them, Herr Haase affirmed,
to use the German police agencies anl
other Instruments of the Government
as though they were Russian students
or other residents, occasionally getting
I at the postal officials and opening mall
addressed to Russians. The Deputy ac
cused- the spies of using the methods of
housebreakers, seemingly without ex
citing police vigilance, and said they
forged the poVer of attorney to receive
the mail of a .Socialist member of the
J Reichstag suspected of being in corr«-
| Intimate. Relations Between the Two
Governments Arc Revealed.
GER>L\X AID OF RUSSIA.
ANNAPOLIS, Md.. Jan. 19. — Ballot
ing for' a United States Senator to
succeed Senator McComas began In
the Legislature to-day, the Senate and
House voting separately. The vote in
the Senate was: John W. Smith, 6;
Isador Rayner, 4; Bernard Carter, 5;
Elihu E. Jackson, 2; Josiah Miles, 1;
Edward Warfield, 1 Call Democrats),
and Louis E. McComas (R.), 8.-vf
In the House of Delegates the vote
was: Smith, 23; Rayner^ 21;« Carter,
4; Jackson, S; Miles, 3; Warfield, 1;
James H. Henderson, 2^ (all Demo
crats), and Louis E, McComas (R.).
30!.
; There not being a majority for any
candidate there was no election. The
voting will be resumed to-morrow.
Smith and Rayner Lead hi the Mary
land Legislature.
BALLOTING FOR V SENATOR.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19. — There
was a "pure food" catastrophe in the
members' lobby of the House to-day.
Representative Mann of JHinois, who
had charge of the Hepburn pure food
bill on the floor of the House, to-day
fortified himself with numerous sam
ples of pure and adulterated concoc
tions, bottled and canned, which he
arranged on his desk as ocular evi
dence to members for the necessity for
pure food legislation. In bringing
these samples .into the House "he
dropped a bottie of olive oil on the
marble floor of the lobby. Immediate
ly General Bingham of Pennsylvania,
the "father of the House." came along
the corridor and slipped on the spot
where the oil had spread over the
floor. His feet went out from under
him and he fell heavily. The general
was helped to ' his committee-room,
where it was found' he Was not injured.
In the meantime Chairman Cooper of
the Insular Committee endeavored to
navigate the oiled marble with a like
result. Cooper was rescued from his
fall. By that time qfficers of the House
roped off the dangerous spot until the
oil was wiped up.
Two Congressmen .Meet With Mishaps
in Ixjbby of the House.
SLIP AM) FALL OX FLOOR.
EDWARD R."
LONDON. Jan. 15.---I.-idy Marjorio
Groville, daughter of the Earl and
Countess of Warwick, and Viscount
Helmsley, heir apparent of Earl of
Feversham. were married at Warwick
to-day. The ceremony took place in
the presence of many prominent per
sons. The presents numbered from
BOO to €00, Jewels, predominating. King
.Edward sent Lady Marjorie a diamond
a.nd ruby brooch, accompanied by an
autograph note reading: ' ; .
"To Queenie. on her marriage, with
best wishes for her happiness, from
Lduly Marjoric fireiillr Boi-nmos liridc
«>f Viscount Ilclnisley.
DACGirrrii or Warwick weds.
Professor Stoddard J was formerly a
resident, and writer of California' and
has written a number of book3 on
California.subjects. Among his works
are "South Sea Idyls," "The Lepers of
Molokai," "A .Summer 'Cruise in
Southern Seas," "In the JFoo£pi4nts of
the Padres." a book about Southern
Califocnia, and several j_ volumes "of
poems and. travel
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Jan. • 19.—
Professor Charles Warren Stoddard,
professor of ¦ English literature * in
Washington- Catholic University," is
critically ill"; in .Cambridge Hospital
here"* and is expected to live but a few
days.' ProfessW Stoddard* has been
living, here for some weeks, at Pres
cott Hall, translating Indian stories
for a new book. '. ;"- .'¦'
* - .- --
Special Dispatch ttf The Call
- The people in . the cities- are anxious
to * be - rid | of i the burden , imposed on
them!in paying the .'army and all-offi
cials-on a gold basis, as they, have re
ceived no gold from Bogota, and the
drain. is greater s than they are willing
to stands . " '.*' .
-The Gdvernment. junta ._ has letters
from ; Bocas ' del Toro, and. other points
showing that there has been 4io further
advance by* the Colombian' army.
General Huertas, commander in chief
of the army of Panama;" has sent 100
scrldlers" to San Juan. - He thought it
possible • that the Colombians might at
tempt to. make ' an ¦ advance on that
point- ' «- : '
PANAMA, Jan. .19.— Bishop Junguito
returned .to-day from , Cartagena and
Barranquilla. bringing the strongest
peace tidings yef received from Co
lombia.- '.„ , . .
The Bishop believes emphatically that
there will be no war.'. He declares that
many 'of the soldiers who went to the
.front {along.'tfie" Panama border have
. re turned in il The soldiers
from the interior, he says, cannot stand
;th'e;heatand-the" conditions in the Co
lombian camps, i There are no facili
ties, he"; says, 4 for 'getting supplies and
there is great suffering among the sol
diers, j The hospitals" are crowded, and
discontent', was expressed everywhere.
The; troops, are not ai&ious to start on
the" hard land journey .to the isthmus
and ; sentiment' along the coast . favors
ah'abandqnraent of -the disastrous cam
paign, rather, than risk serious troubles.
Special Cablegram to Th«s Call and N'ew Tork
Herald. Copyright, 1!)«M, hy the New York
. Herald Publishing Company.
Famous Galiiorman
Is Critically 111 in
Cambridge. '
Sick- Soldiers Crowd
Gamp Hospitals
on Frontier
There was a large attendance and
renewed interest was manifested in
f>ublic improvements which the board
has in contemplation. Among these is
an effort, to secure through Congress
man Metcalf- an. appropriation by Con
gress for the improvement of Suisun
Slough so that navigation by that.wa
terway will be greatly facilitated. J A
local company owns a freight steamer,
which plies between . here , and San
Francisco;, and .nearly -all the freight
shipped to, and from Suisun Is trans
ported by their steamer. In some
places at low "tide the 'water is not of
sufficient: depth to float the boat, which
causes serious, inconvenience to traffic.
With the expenditure of about $20,000
the slough can be dredged so as to be
navigable .at all times, which will be
of great. benefit to the % business inter
ests of Suisun and a large surrounding
territory.' * .' ,'.
SUISUN. Jan. 19. — At the annual
meeting of the Suisun Board of Trad*
last night the following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: j E.
Dinkelspiel, president; J. Lenahan,
vice president; L. W. Taylor, secretary;
A. Hilborn, treasurer; W. L. Griffiths,
J. T. Cooper and Lewis Pierce, direc
tors.
Members Display Interest in
Work for the City.
Board of Trade Elects Officers and
MERCHANTS OF SUISUX
PLAN BIG IMPROVEMENTS
COLOMBIA'S
WAR FEVER
IS ABATING
PROFESSOR
STODDARD'S
LIFE EBBS
MONTENEGRIN RULER WHO MAY 3E ASKED BY THE GREAT POW
ERS TO NAME TI^SIJCCESSOR OF^ - KING PETER OF SERVIA.
AND THE ~MEMBEB3*6f HIS FAMIL.Y.
The statement published by [ tfoe
Neue Wiener Journal is not confirmed,
but all reports indicate that affairs in
Servia are steadily growing worse and
that they are causing the greatest anx
iety in Russia'and Austria. The Ser
vian conspirators are said to be openly
threatening to take revenge on Europe
by joining in the expected Macedon
ian outbreak in the spring. The in
ternal condition of Servia is alarming.
Outside the towns life and property
are insecure. The roads are infested
with brigands.
indirectly concerned In the regicide,
King Peter's successor, it is added,
will be permitted to ascend the v throne
only«on condition that he agree : to
punish the leaders of the conspiracy
which resulted in the assassination of
King-Alexander and- Queen Draga, fe
rn ovin g'al 1 t h'ose' w hb *were~ - tlirert 1 1% or.
VIENNA,- Jan. 19. — King Peter of
Servia, acording to a report from Cet
tinje, Montenegro, published by the
Neue "Wiener Journal, is prepared to
voluntarily renounce the throne and
allow thepowers to. nominate his suc
cessor. The Prince i- of Montenegro is
said to have received a mandate from
Russia to clear up the precarious sit
uation in Servia. ' .
Powers to Name
J\[eiv Ruler in
Belgrade.
The family of Archduke Ferdinand
Charles has in the pan made a num
ber of r-lans for his marriage to some
royal p*rsonaR'». but these were all fu
tile. The Arch-iukf is now at Prague.
The prof*5«or*s daughter is now here.
She is described as being very beau
tiful, with a eraceful and slender fig
ure, and highly educated. She is* 23
years of at*.
Th-? "Archduke's proposal to marry
th** daughter of a commoner caused
the moTe astonishment because it was
eaid h<? f-trnngly opposed the marriage
of his brother. Arrhduk* Francis Fer
dinand, with Cou&teis Ohotek, on at-
ervunt of th<> inequality of their social
positions, and refused to partktr>ate in
his brother's wedding festivities.
The Zeit publishes an interview with
Professor Czuber, who said that on
"December- 27 the Archduke formally
asked for. the hand of his daughter
Berths, to -which H»rr Czuher replied
that h» was without influence in the
matter.
Archduke Ferdinand Charles is the
r^phew of Emperor Francis Joseph and
brother of the hpir presumptive to the
throne. Archduke Francis Ferdinand.
It was announced only to-day that he
«"as about to marry the daughter of
Herr Emanuel Czuber, professor of
tnathTnatics at Vienna University.
The "Archduke becarap acquainted with
The rrrf^gg^r's daughter at Prague,
where the Archdukt was commander
of an infantry. brigade.
'Til* Archduke has been prominent in
Viennese society, is very cultured and
is -a clever amateur actor. It was said
that, following his marriage, he would
follow the example of Leopold Wolf
ling, formerly Archduke Leopold of
Tuscany, who married .Mile. Admovieh.
a dancer, and renounce the dignity of
Archduke.
VIENNA. Jan. 19.— It was learned to
night in Trell informed circles that
'Archduk* Ferdinand Charles, owing to
the opposition of Emperor Francis Jo
e«?ph, has given up his project of mar
rying Fraulein Czuber. It is said that
he consulted his brother. Archduke Otto
Francis, who privately approached the
Emperor in the matter. Francis Joseph
refused emphatically to give his con
cent to the marriage. Archduke Fer
dinand Charles finally renounced his
intention of making the professor's
daughter his wife. He will seek to for
frct the affair in foreign travel.
'"Orders were given six months ago
to evacuate Newchwang and Manchu
ria, provided the Chinese would agree
to simple terms; but. owing to the in
trigues of the Japanese Minister with
the Wai Wu Pu . (Chinese Foreign
Board) these orders were counter
manded."
Planchtn declared that the action of
the l*nit(*a States in making a. com
mercial treaty with China without Rus
sia's consent, under the existing cir
cumstances, was unfriendly and undip
lomatic. Russia, he Said, would not
open Mukden and Antung tinder the
present regime nor allow Consuls there.
If Japan wanted Korea. Russia would
not interfere, provided other powers al
lowed "it, and he added:
"Russia did rot ask Japan's consent
to occupy Manchuria: neither was It
necessary for Japan to seek Russia's
permission to establish a protectorate
in Korea."
Planchon concluded by saying that
the United States and other nations
were more interested in the situation
than was Russia. The correspondent
adds that the action of the United
States Government had quite upset
Viceroy AlexiefTs calculations.
The German newspapers this morning
appear to be naving the way to explain
the Russian retreat in the negotiations
with Japan, and in all the capitats of
Europe opinion now inclines to a peace
ful issue in- the Far Eastern situation.
In a dispatch from Tokio th* corre
spondent there of the Daily Mail re
ports that a lengthy conference of the
Japanese Cabinet was held on Tuesday,
and says the Emperor la receiving- th*
Ministers of Finance and Marine and
the naval chiefs. The correspondent
says he has learned that Kurino, Japa
nese Minister in St. Petersburg, has
sent a confidential report, in which he
says that at a secret meeting recently
of the Russian Grand Dukes and the
Ministers War Minister Kuropatkin
and some of his colleagues declared In
favor of peace.
. According to the Tokio correspondent
of the Standard the Privy Council will
be convened to-day to discuss im
portant measures bearing upon the sit
uation. . ..-'
The Port Arthur correspondent of the
Daily Mail declares in a dispatch that
eleven Russian battalions of infantry,
togther with cavalry and artillery, have
been dispatched to the Yalu River. He
mentioned also an unconfirmed report
that Japan has landed troops m South
ern Korea. 1
LONDON, Jan. 20.— The Port Arthur
correspondent of the T^aily Mail cables
that he had an interview with Admiral
Alexieff. the Russian Viceroy in the
Far East, who spoke hopefully of the
possibility of arranging a modus vl
vendi with Japan. The Viceroy then
referred the correspondent to his dip
lvmatic agent, Planchon, who empha
sized the impossibility of Russia's evac
uation of Manchuria, and said:
% In the primary to-day Senator II.
G. Foster a^d former Senator B. F.
Jones were candidates for the nom
ination for United States Senator for
the term beginning in 1908. Senator
Foster carried New Orleans by a
heavy majority and his nominatipn is
indicated. It is conceded that the of
ficers nominated to-day will be elected
in April.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 19.— A gen
eral primary to nominate a Demo
cratic State ticket to be voted for in
April was held in Louisiana to-day.
It was the first test ever made in the
State of the primary method of direct
nomination. \ There were two candi
dates for Governor and the indica
tions to-night point to the nomination
of former Senator X. C. Blanchard
over General Leon Jastremski. Consul
to Peru under Cleveland.
and Foster for Senator.
Voters Favor Blanchard for Governor
LOUISIANA PRIM ARIES.
"I do not know as to that. If there
should be a contest over the nomina
! tion of the candidate for the Presi
dency, that, of cpurse, would have
much to do with the selection of the
delegates. In any event, it is. for the
State- convention " to j determine any
question that' may arise."
"Will you be one of the delegates at
large?"
****'!---,*»- i»f«t-. ; 4MKr(V. That .will be for
the convention to determine. "We. must
all abide by its decision. If the Re
publicans of Ohio should think me
worthy of such an honor I would, of
course, be very glad to go^provided
the sentiment erf the Republicans of
Ohio is in favor, as I think it is, of
the nomination of President Roosevelt.
I am an out-and-out, unqualified sup
porter of Roosevelt. I believe in the
mnn: I beliefe in his administration: I
believe he will be the strongest candi
date Who can be named, and I believe
"he "will be triumphantly elected, and I
believe there should be no halting or
hesitation about supporting him. If,
with this understandins as to my po
sition, the Republicans of Ohio should
desire' nje to represent them I will, of
course, be glad to do so."
CINCINNATI, Jan. 13.— Senator Fot
aker. when asked here to-day about
George B. Cox's announcement of his
candidacy for delegate at large from
Ohio to the Chicago convention, said:
"Yes. I read about that in the news
papers, but I do not care to discuss it.
bej'ond saying that nobody will ques
tion Mr. Cox's right to become a can
didate for that or any other honor he
may desirte at the hands of the Re
publicans of Ohio. He has been an
efficient worker in the . cause of Re
publicanism and nobody will question
his privilege to seek any recc-shition he
may wish the party to give him."
"Do you think he will have any op
position?"
General Caceres of thr Morales forces
entered the city yesterday with 250
men. He left to-night with'TOO men. to
attack Santiago de los Caballeros. This
battle will be the most important of
the Jiminez revolution. The rebels,
firmly intrenched in their capital, will
make desperate resistance.
General Deschamps on January 15 re
ceived a. letter from General Jiminez in
which the latter stated that he realized
his <-ase was hopeless, but that he must
make a supreme effort-
The presence of foreign warships pre
vented disorder, and the American
commander practically managed the
battle.
All towns between Puerta Plata and
Santiago, the latter place being the
headquarters of the Jiminez revolution,
are reported to favor the Morales gov
ernment.
SAN* JUAN, P. R., Jan. 19.-San Do
mingo advices from a trustworthy
source which have reached here are to
the effect that Germany Is quietly-buy
ing? control of certain Belgian claims
against San Domingo, with, the inten
tion of ultimately seizing Samana Bay
to enforce their payment! These claims
ante-date those of the American com
pany and aggregate $3,000,000.
PUERJA-PLATA. San Domingo. Jan.
13. — In the recapture of Puerta Plata
by the Government forces the fighting
zone marked off by the commanders of
the United States and British warships
was accepted by the contending forces.
President Morales' troops promptly re
spected the order to cease firing, al
though General Jiminez's forces when
routed ran through the streets and con
tinued to fire in all directions.
The Government forces followed in
pursuit of the rebels, but advanced in
pood order and finally drove General
Xteschamps, the Vice . .President under,
the Wos y Gil administration and now
support^of Jiminez, to the fart- - - :""
An.Airarican force composed of eight
men, with the stars and stripes, went
to Ihe firing line and demanded a sus
pension of hostilities. The commander
of the United States warship then land
ed a force of 100 men and arranged for
the surrender of the fort. The Ameri
cans disarmed the Jiminez forces and
later turned over the fort to General
Cespedes, in command of the Govern
ment troops. *
Special Cab)«?rram to Th» Call and New Tcrk
Herald, i -«pj right. 19O4. by the New York
lie raid Publishing Company.
Emperor's Refusal to Sanction Engage
ment Causes the Titled Suitor to
Abandon His Wooing.
Indications That St Petersburg Is
Disposed to Yield to the Japan
ese Government
Regards the. President as Logical Can
didate and Believes the Buckeye
State Will Support Him.
American Naval Officer Dtws Dutj as
Manager During Bat-le Eetween
Republic's Rival Armies.
Asks for Poor Girl's Hand
and Then Renounces In
tention to Harry.
Says Ports oLtyancbnria
Will Remain Closed De
spite Treaty.
Wants the Honor Only on
Condition That Roose-
Telt Be Indorsed.
Berlin Buying Up Claims to
Be Used as Pretext
ior Action. *
Willing to Go to-Con
vention as (Mo
Delegate.
Planping'tfie Seizure
Harbor.
Russian Diplomatist
Makes Reckless
Assertion. ~
Nephew o! Francis Jo
sepH Discards His
Sweetheart I
ARCHDUKE'S
LOVE WANES
IN A DAY
GERMANS
COVET DAY
OF SAMANA
FORAKER'S
DEFIANCE
TO HANNA
AMERICA'S
COUP STIRS
CZAR'S IRE
PETER OF SERVIA WEARIES
OF THE DUTIES OF KINGSHIP
" TKS THE AT ESS.
Alcazar— "Mrs. Jack. 1 *
Calif oral* — "Ta» ratal w«d
dinff."
C«atr«l— "A Bowery Girl." i"» ' ;
Fischer's— "The Beauty Shop."
Oraad— "Oae Nifffct la Jnae."
Orpanm — Vaudeville, aiatiae*
to-day. . •¦<•<-
Cantea — Vaudeville.
Tl-roll — ""When joaaay Comas
.XaxcUng- Same."
Colombia — "Mn. Deertsff's Di
vorce."
Lyric HaU — Barton Holmes.
THE WE AT HUB.
"Fcr ec*«t mad* * t Saa Tna
eiaco for thirty fcouri eadiajr
mldnifht, January SO:
Saa FrascUco and vicinity—
r&ir WedaMflay. coatiamed cold;
txmah aorta wtsd.
A. G. XcABXE,
District Porec*«t«r.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCY— NO. 51.
The San Francisco Call.Bank deposits .and savings in Ire
land have more than trebled in twenty
years. They now amount to nearly
J27o.000.000. ' " " > '
Death of a; Well-Known Jurist.
LAWRENCE, Kans., Jan.^ 19.—
Judge Shelton C. Spencer is dead at his
home here after a-long illness," aged 74
years.- He' took an active part An the
early border troubles and ; in the Civil
War, later, being > commissioned major
in the Thirteenth • KansatT Regiment
He. was offered the position > of 7 pay-'
master . in the army by" President Lin
coln; . : :;¦, •'"-. -, ' •'; ... ' T
POPE/riUS DISCUSSES ;;•,:;:
THE "RUMOR OF, HIS '.DEATH
Jokin^b; Remarks' Tliiat the Story Cir
cnlatcdL • In v M adrid May : ? Prolong
.InstCTi d of Shorten His Life, ii.
ROME, r Jan.-. 19.— The rumor :of ; the
death of the Pope. ,\?hich was circulated
in Madrid/ -having come-to the ears of
the Pontiff, his Holiness, exqlaimed to
a friend: ,/ - v* •>. Vv'.-i^
"What, : already! # Leo <; w^s left in
peace for • five." year.satterVhls election,'
while with me these rumors* Kaye begun
at the end; of /only a fewirnonths. , It
may be a ; good thing >.to* ' look at this
from a superstitious' standpoint, but I
am quite the other .wajijahd think it
may even prolong 'my life!"
Indians Getting Civilized.
The' Indians are getting thoroughly
civilized. ... General Pleasant Porter, the
last .chief of the Creek Indian nation,
is a sufferer from that highly .civilized
disease known as gout.* "If I had stuck
to the life of my youth," he •says, "I
should not be a sufferer from any such
trouble." 'I used to live .out of doors,*
sleep, on the ground and eat plain food.
Then I was healthy. Oh, but this gout
hurts. It Just compels you tp swear. A
religious friend told me I ought to pray
for relief. Maybe so, but it's easier to
swear and seems to be more natural."
Chief "Porter, who Is over^TO years old,*
has been "leader of his nation for over
half -a century.— New York yribune. •
Death Claims B. K. Funke.
ALAMEDA, -Jan. , 19.-^-Bruno K.
Funke, who achieved local prominence
through his efforts in launching the
first straight. Republican ticket in
municipal politics four years ago, died
this morning at 4 o'clock at the res
idence of; " his mother; Mrs. Emily
Funke, *14 16 Eighth street. He was a
native of. Chicago, aged"32 years, and
had lived in this city twenty-omi
years. •' For the last. ten years he was
engpsed in business on Park" street.
Justice R.B. Tappan, who was a close
friend of the- deceased, will deliver,
the eulogy at the funeral to be held
Friday morning at 11 o'clock. . ;
A Briton's Troubles With Automobile.
A British amateur who delights in
handling his own self -motor without
hiring a professional driver in recount
ing his experiences said that he: had
run into a tree while his machine was
devouring space at the rate of seventy
miles an hour, he had pushed his car
three miles' to a dinner party while he
was wearing evening clothes, had
walked nine miles in order to get pe
troleum, had been overturned twice,
had been run a. way with twice forward
and. three times. backward and had gone
through many other arduous and ex
citing adventures, yet he was not dis-
couraged.— New York Tribune.
Rev. Frnncif J. Mullally Passes Away.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— The Rev.
Francis J. Mullally, D. D., a Presby
terian divine, widely known in the
South and West, is dead at his home
in this city in his seventy-fourth year.
EXPERT GUNNERS IN DEMAND.
Pay Offered by Japan Induces De
sertions From British Warships.
The officers of the Japanese liner
America Maru say that the tempting
pay ofTered by the Japanese Govern
ment for expert gunners is responsi
ble for reducing the gun crews* on
nearly every British warship in j Asi
atic waters and that side by side with'
England's runaway marksmen will be
found not a- few who should be be
hind the guns of Uncle Sam's ships.
The pay offered ranges, according to
the skill of the gunner and the danger
of his probable station in the event
of war. from an amount that might
tempt an impecunious subaltern to as
high as $500 a month. . The number
of desertions from British vessels is
said to have given King Edward's of-'
fleers crave concern, and before the
departure for Honolulu of Admiral
K vans' fleet " the American jackies
were beginning to show signs of rest
lessness. •
When the America. Maru left Yoko-
Baron von Richthofen, the Secretary
for Foreign Affairs, answering Herr
Haase, declared the German Govern
ment was aware that the Russian em
bassy employed an official to watch
over Russian anarchists in Germany,
but the Government was not aware
that German subjects were likewise un
der observation. The Government also
¦was not aware that Russian agents had
committed crimes or attempted to per
suade others to commit crimes. The
Chancellor, continued the Foreign Sec
retary, did not intend to interfere be
cause he regarded it as advisablfe that
foreign anarchists should be- observed
by agents of their own country.
Baron von Richthofen further said
that the Russian Government main
tained a similar bureau in Paris, and
the Italian* Government had one in
London. The Socialist press, the Sec
retary asserted, had become the organ
of the Russian anarchists..'- :
Herr Haase then asked the Ministers
If It were not true that Russians were
conducted across the German frontier
at the request of the Russian Govern
ment, without extradition proceedings
or the bringing of specific charges.
The principle laid down by the Ger
man Government, the Deputy added,
seemed to be that a Russian residing in
Germany who was obnoxious to his own
Government thereby immediately be
came an undesirable resident, and, in-
Ftead of being allowed to cross any
frontier he pleased, he was put across
the Russian frontier.
epondence with Russians who were un
der the disapproval of the Russian Gov
ernment.
Thomas Jji Robinson of Solano'Ex
pires at His Mother's Home.
ALAM EDA, Jan. 1 9.— Thomas L.
Robinson, who for eight ' years was
under sheriff of Solano. County, pass
ed away last night at the' home of his
mother, 2110. Central avenue, "this
city, from tuberculosis of the lungs.
He was a native of California, aged 45
years and unmarried!
Deceased was a' son of Mrs. Mary
Robinson and a brother of Ralph and
May Robinson. He was widely known
and popular in Solano County, being
a member of Solano Lodge No. 229,
Free and Accepted Masons; Suisun
Chapter of Royal .Arch " Masons, ~ Ben
evolent and Protective Order of El,ks
and the Woodmen of the World. y
He was also affiliated with the Sui
sun Gun Club 'arid, was- one of" the
crack shots of the organization.
Former Solano Official Dead.
SUISUN, Jan. .19. — T. L. Robinson,
for. many years a prominent resident
of Solano County, died this morning
at the home of relatives in Alameda,
where he had gone for medical treat
ment for consumption. For eight years
Mr. Robinson was under sheriff of
this county and was a popular official
The Sweet Young Thing leaned over
the side as the little launch plowed its)
way swiftly through the lago-i.
"The water here is over my head,
isn't it?" she asked.
' "Not as long .as you keep it under
your feet, Misa," replied the man at the
helm. — Washington Star.
INCITING KOREANS TO RIOT.
Foreign - Emissaries Responsible > for
the Critical Situation. • .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19. — The only
advices received, overnight^t. the State;
Department from the East came from
Minister Allen at- Seoul. He reported
that Korea was in .a.,panicky candition
and there was apprehension of a riot
ous outbreak at any" .'moment. The
information was- conveyed that inter-'
ested foreign emissaries were at the
bottom of thesef. disturbances, the re
sult of which may be to afford an ex
cuse for intervention'" and the placing
of large forces in' Korea; thus precipi
tating a hostile collision between Rus
sia and Japan. •'•;-.- ;-.'-. ¦,'• ,-v,:>
Firni Attitude of Japan."'. 1 '.
LONDON, Jan. 2O.--The: Peking^rOr
rc-EDoriderit of the Times 1 'declares^in: a
dispatch that -Japan's 'latest^ -npjte^ is
stronger- .in* -tone ,than the
one and,.ihat she. wili^nelther yield i her
moderate standpoint nqr .^LccSpt the
mediatipn -of a third .power; vNot ( 6nly
to the Japanese, ' but.to the t American
and Britlsh^Mihlsters^WiiQcor.Vespond
ent continues/ .Has" China' giver^ satis
factory 'as'surances <>t[ her ' intention to
maintain^ltrict neutrality ' in&^'rdance
with Lord 'La^is'downe''8 advice?!*
Russia ' .Withdrawing | Troops.
PEKING., Jan.' n 9.— The "detach
ments of ¦'; Russian' troops ; at- ,'Ching
Wangtap aind'SKanhaikwari ha'ye'; been
withdrawn \ to 'Manchuria. 'The. 1 - only
Russian ;ftrbops remaining.- in.},these
provinces a^re. a small detachment at
Tientsin^ and ; the legation > guard at
Peking!' '; r .^ u ' ; , •; ; j, .V ¦'¦ ?*jjVj
Continued from Page 1. Column 7.
AMERICA'S COUP STIRS CZAR'S IRE
Sarcastic Professor— Now, Mr. Smith,
tell the class all you know about Plato's
theory of ideas; it won't take long.
Mr. Smith— Say, let's both of ua tell
them all we know; It won't take any
longer*— Columbia Jester.
Continuing, the Secretary said Herr.
Haase had reproached the Government
with lending assistance, to 'Russian
agents. This he admitted. The Gov
ernment had no reason to protect the
revolutionary subjects of a neighboring
friendly state. The common interests
of civilization demanded watching- over
anarchists. The Government had no
other course than to deliver Russian'
anarchists to the Russian Government.!
Other states would not be thankful for".
Russian anarchists. The procedure was'
not. properly speaking, extradition,
since the Russian Government did not
formally demand their extradition. The
German Government simply puf trou
blesome foreigners over, whichever fren
tier it regarded as most suitable.
EX-UNDER SHERIFF DIES.
J. R. Dickson. a widely known writer
and publisher of this city, died yester
day at St. Joseph's Hospital at the age
of 6.1 years.
Mr. Dickson was born at Newbury
porC Mass. He edited a paper there,
and while yet a young* man went to
New Zealand, where he also engaged
*in the publishing business". He next
settled 'on this coast and founded t the
California Turf. He also worked on
various papers here.
He was always identified with sport,
being an especial patron of coursing.
He was one of the organizers of the
California Coursing Committee and
,was an active participant in its coun
| cils up to a month ago. '
Humoroas.
"I suppose you set a good table?" re
marked the* man who was looking for
board.
"Well," replied the landlady, "three of
my regular boarders are laid up with
the gout."—Chicago News.
She— I trust. Jack, our marriage will
not be against your father's wilL
J,ack— I'm sure, I hope not;. It ¦would
be mlKhty hard for; us if he should
change.lt.— Town and. Country.
DEATH CLAIMS
NOTED WRITER
AND PUBLISHER
Maryland National Guard died. here to
day of stomach trouble, aged 68 years.
General Saunders at the outbreak of
the Civil War entered the Confederate
army and became assistant inspector
general. When a lieutenant in the
United States army he was one of
those detailed to escort the Prince of
Wales, now King Edward VII, during
iiis visit to this country in 1860.
Former Noted Ball Player Dead.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 19. — Word has
been received here of the death of
Joe McGucken, one of the best known
ball players in the State a few years
ago, at Pa,terson. N. J. McGucken
was raised in Yonkers, N. Y. He was
buried in the family plat at Paterson
on January 10. McGucken played ball
on this coasts ten yearsi For three
sojisons he played with the Oakland
team and for two seasons he cap
tained the San Jose team. . '
TROOPS TO. MOVE NORTHWARD.
Four Thousand Russians Receive Or-.
; < ders to LK?ave Port Arthur. • .
PORT ARTHUR.^ Jan. 19. — Four
thousand troops are to leave here to
morrow, bound northward, j Applica
tions by correspondents desiring to ad
company the forces have all been rriet.
with the reply that hostilities are. not
expected, and therefore it would! be
premature to issue permits. The au
thorities here state definitely that
Russia has no intention or desire to
interfere in Korea, even .should Japan
continue to land small . bodies of
troops there in contravention of the
existing treaties, as the Russians as
sert the Japanese are doing, under the
pretext that they are only railway
guards..
Death of Joseph H. Fragley.
Cross Cemetery, t
'¦ • H. Fragley, . son of Martin
.P. Frageley, former superintendent of
streets, 'died t yesterday." in this city.
Deceased was a native of San Fran
cisco, 34 years of age. and leaves a
widow and a son. Besides these he
is stirvived by his father and a broth
er, Martin F. - Fragley Jr. He was -a
member of Precita Parlor, Native
Sons of the Golden West; Alta Lodge,
A. O. U. W.,' and, of the local Team
sters' Union. The funeral will take
place to-morrow from the undertak
ing 'parlors of Monahan, O'Hara &
Co; and interment will be at Holy
hama the -'Japanese War 'Department
¦had twenty^armytrarVsp^ris' in -com
mission and ready 'to" receive 'troops
and-proceed to sea at a 'moment's no
<tice: ' : ""• . '*- '. ; ' i '¦¦¦'. r 1 '.
CHICAGO, Jan. 19.— The City Council
to-night took action that will in all
probability result in the closing of
nearly all ' of the theaters in Chicago
for the remainder. of the present, the
atrical season. Last night 'the Council
passed an ordinance setting forth, what,
must be done by the theaters of this
city before they will be allowed to re
main in continuous operation. It con
vened to-night to consider the passage
of an enabling act that would allow* the
theaters to operate for the. remainder"
of this season without being compelled
to fulfill all the requirements . of the
ordinance, as some of the conditions
are of a nature that will require the
practical reconstruction pf a number of
the playhouses. After a long debate the
Council decided on the following essen
tials which the theaters must meet be
fore they will be allowed to reopen
their doors: .
A steel curtain: an automatic sprinkler sys
tem; a bond of $25,000 guaranteeing the per
formance, by August 1. 1904, of all the re
quirements of the ordinance; the widening of
doors and exits. All of the above- to be
performed under such conditions, terms and
restrictions as shall be Imposed by the Mayor
of the city, the Commissioner of Buildings
and a sub-committee of three to be ap
pointed by the Mayor.
The managers of theaters declared to
night tljat it would be impossible for
them to meet the demands of the enab
ling act in sufficient time to do busi
ness during the remainder of this sea
son and several of them declared they
had no intention of trying to reopen
their doors.
The municipal placer mine in the'
debris removed from the Iroquois The
ater is panning out better than at first
expected. Up to the present an aver
afire of more than $100 a day has been
extracted from the refuse.
Eight more churches and a number
of halls were closed to-day for* viola
tion of the city ordinances. \ , . ,"
The police to-night arrested Frank
Uhler, a printer, 19 years of age, on. a
charge of robbing,; tbe./ dgad after tlw
fire in the Iroquoi3.Tl»eai£r. Uhler at
tempted to disppf^jof; &: diamond ring
Valued at $80jQ,^ and •\yh i e.^ 'taken \ Into
custody confessed that" he had stolen
it from the hand of a dead man. . ;
. r ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦'¦•¦¦•- i ¦ ¦'• ' *•"* ;
JACKSON, Miss., Jan. 19. — In his
inaugural address,' delivered*..'" to-day
before a Joint 1 session of • the. ; M,issiSj
sippi Legislature, Governor "jam^;K'.
Vardaman declared .thit*. the |f growing
tendency of theV riegro^ to ' cbmmtt
criminal assault-: bn.[ white- wome^jigj
nothing -more- .p^less 'than,.the/ina-nlK
festatiori of. the"racial ,/desire toXfCso^
cial equality; >- Irij strong terms -'htf de-ti
iclared Hhat^^&ufjatiph -is' the curse it)f
the rtegro race, arid ! • t urge"dtan amend
ment to the .State " :; constitution ;;that
will place the: distribution of the poni
mion school' fund 1 : • solely- withirt; the
powers of the Legislature. .Continuing
his discussion^ of 1 th'e^ negro question
Governor Vacdaman.said: ¦; ..*• ', -y. : . ¦' ¦
As a race,\ he: is .deteriorating mftrally every
day. : Time has "demonstrated that he 1b more ;
criminal as a free man than as a slave, that he
Is increasing In .criminality ' with frightful
rapidity; being one-thif«d mow criminal U»l§»0-
than he was in, 18SQ. ., '.' ..' :». 7
The etartllng ' : fact8 revealed by the census
show that those who can read and write ate
more criminal ¦', than ' the ! lUiteratee.^ which ., i»;
true of no "other, element of. our population.;- I'
am advised that the minimum illiteracy araonu
the negroes Is ''found in New. England, where lt»
Is 21.4 per cent. The maximum Is found In the.;
Black Belt— 'Louisiana. Mississippi ¦ and South-
Carolina — where It is 66.7 per cent, and yet the
negro in v New England is four and one .half
times more criminal, hundrtd for hundred,
than he is in the Black Belt. '. '• ¦' '^ •
In the. South, Mississippi particularly, I
know he ; is growing tvorse. every year.,' Y^u,
can scarcely pick up a newspaper whose pages
are not blackened v wlth- the^account pf an un- 1
mentionable "crime committed by a n«gro brute,
and this crime,- I want to -impress upon you...
Is but the manifestation of the negro's aspira
tion for social eqtjaltty. encouraged largely by,
the character of ' free eduction 1 , in -vogue, 'which
the'State is.Jevylng tribute upon the white pep-:
pie to maintain.' '- ~ •¦ ' .¦ • ' '*' » • . '
Th« better class 'of negroes is not responsible
for this iterrtble condition, nor for the. criminal
tendency -of their, race. Nor do 'I wisht- to be,
understood-ascensurlng-.them for it. .1 ; am not^
censurlrig: anybody, 'nor' am I inspired . by- 111
will for-the negro,' but' I am simply calling aV-T
tentiori'td^a most -«nfortunate-and unendurable
condition * of •.affairs. yWhat ishall. be. done
about n?'-" ¦¦ ¦¦¦-!%. .-,\--:y '•'•• :'¦*:
My own idea is 'that the character of educa
tion for the^negrWVpught- to r-bfi-ohanged. If,
after years ,of. «arn*Bit. effort and the expendi
ture of fabul6u« ; sbtns- of monep- to. educate his
head, we h*ve only .^ijrceftded ', inomaklnc a
criminal ou(.<>f himfanri enjplpylnsT-hlH use
fulness "and efflcteijcy as a -laborer, - wisdom
could suggest thaU: we: make another -experi
ment and see If ajre ; cannot improve him by
educating his h'andrf fna tlils 'Ileart/ There, must
be a moral «ubstraq«rf'V»pou' whieh'to build or
you cannot make hlpa 0a*d.!*frable;c4Uzen.
The Governor ajisb declares that the
people of the nation, should^rise up
and demand the repeal of the' fifteenth
amendment.
Declares That People. qf;,tfoe
Nation Should Demand Repeal
of ttie. Fifteenth "'Amendment
Managers Declare That Several
of the Buildings Will Have
to Be Torn Down and Rebuilt
URGES NEW STATE LAWS
ORDINANCE IS ADOPTED
Chicago Playhouses Are Likely
to Eemain Closed During Re
mainder of Present Season
Governor \ Vardaman of Missis
sippi Says That Education Is
Curse of the Colored Race
THEATER RULES
iRE STRINGENT
CRIME GROWING
AMONG NEGROES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, :, ..WEDNESDAY,. 'JANUARY 20; 1904.
-. - To Cure Grip In Two Days.
Laxatlt* Bromo Quinine removes the cause.
To set the genuine call for the full name. 25c *
Death of Adjutant General Saunders.
. ANNAPOLIS. Md., Jan. 1 9 .—Ad
jutant General John; S. Saunders of the
2
ORDER F=*ORT#-IE ;i!"£u
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK
Mail This Order to The San Francisco Call With 75c.
• Th^ n T*r?i ti/*I c/*rt »T*"al1 * * ' *
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for which send me one
copy of The- Call's Great Twentieth Century'Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers and the additional 25c is to prepay shipping charges.)
signed ...J.....;;...... ............... ............ :...;.v
STREET ......:............
, pypy ••••••
YOU • : "WILL BE ALL'
'. SMILES AGAIN.
Forget Your Stomach and Yon'H Have
a Santa Clans "Face.
HOW TO DO IT.
If, there is one thing more than all
others that will give a man a forlorn'
and friendless appearance and make
Him ! morbid and "cranky" and dis-
agreeable, that thing is dyspepsia. It
•"mak'es. one forget his friends and be-'
come morose' and 'irritable. He is "so
I Wrapped up in, his own misery' tHat he"
[is inconsiderate of every one else. Re-'
Nleved of this terrible and depressing
Ailment, he agajn becomes a good fel-
low and a man among men.
-"/S.tuart'8 Dyspepsia Tablets are be-
jyorid; question the most effective and
-popular remedy ever offered 'to the
.sufferers of. this terrible disease. The
thousands and thousands of cures they
have brought about and the enormous
increase of their sales fully attest the
.triitlv of this -statement,
i. 1 They "are, above alii a natural rem-
edy. They possess exactly the same
properties that .the gastric juices and
other digestive fluids of the stomach
possess : and they actually" do the diges-
tive \fork of the stomach and enable
.that organ to rest and recuperate and
-become sound : and well, j They act in
a mild, natural manner and cause no
disturbance in - the digestive organs.
They prevent, any fermentation of. th.e
jfood,. which causes sour stomach. In
/act, under their influence -the sub-
ject forgets that, he has a stomach
and hfs resulting cheerfulness presents
a great " contrast to his former dejec-
tion. ¦:'; '¦¦'¦¦ ¦: ""
f; -Millions- of boxes; of Stuart's % Dys-'
pepsia Tablets -are sold annually and
they* are but in . the dawn of their
popularity. . Every: mail brings letters
Of thanksgiving from . grateful ones
who have been cured' of this terrible,
disease. The following is one of hun-
dreds received each week: ,. ,
'. Rev. J. R.- Hoagr of Wymore, Nebr.,
writes: ¦, "For «six \ years I have been
tpoubled with dyspepsia. Last fail I
became \ very much alarmed at some
symptoms. of Heart trouble and. came
to believe there was a sympathetic re-
lation between the two; diseases, or
father, that the stomach, trouble was
the cause of, the heart disturbances. . I
nit J upon Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
for a remedy and invested a dollar, arid
a * half for three " boxes, .which lasted
me three, months, and : I can eat any
kind. of food I, want and have a good,
vigorous; appetite. Although I .ani',/77,
years; old, I : now feel perfectly Veil
and without- being . requested .' by Jany,
onel I make . this as a.com-
pliment to the virtues of Stuart's Dys-'
pepsia Tablets."
"-.' Stuarfs Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box.
EDITORIAL NOTICE— If you
ney or bladder trouble, or if there is a
at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghai
by mail, immediately, without cost to
and a book containing many of the th'
letters received from men and women
you read this generous offer in the S
"*I had been Buffering severely from kidney
troubla. All symptoms were on hand; my
former strength and power bad left me; I
could hardly drat myself alone. Even my
mental capacity was srlving out. and cften I
wished to die. It wac then I saw an advertise-
ment of yours In a New York paper, but would
net have paid any attention to It had It not
prcixnjK-d a *wom guarantee with every bottle
of your medicine, -asserting that your Swamp-
Root Is purely vegetable and dbe* not contain
•ny harmful drugs.. I am seventy years and
four months old. and with a good conscience I
csn recommend Swamp-Root to all FUfferers
frota kidney trouble*. Four member* of my
family have been using Swamp-Root for four
different kidney difc&se* with the same rood
results." . .
With, many thank* to you. I remain.
Very truly yours.
ROBERT EERNER.
You may have a sample bottle of this
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root.
tent free by mail, post-paid, by which
you may test its virtues for such dis-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged
to pass your water frequently night and
<lay, smarting or irritation in passing.
The mild and immediate effect of
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and
bladder remedy, is soon realized. It
stands the highest for its wonderful
cures of the most distressing cases.
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys-
tem right, and the best proof of this
is a trial.
14 EAST I20TH ST.. NEW YORK CITY.
Dear Sir: Oct. 15. 1903.
brickdust or sediment in the urine,
headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble,
skin eruptions from bad blood, neural-
gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloatine. ir-
ritability, worn-out feeling, lack of am-
bition, loss of flesh, sallow complexion,
or Bright's disease.
If your water, when allowed to - re-
main undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
twenty-four hours, forms = a sediment or
settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
is evidence that your kidneys and
bladder need immediate attention.
Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
bladder specialist Hospitals use it
with wonderful success in both slight
and severe cases. Doctors recommend
it to their patients and use it in their
own families, because they recognize
in Swamp-Root the greatest, and most
successful remedy. . . .
Swamp^Root is pleasant to take -and
is for sale at drug stores the world
over in bottles of two sizes and two
prices — fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
member the name. Swamp-Root, Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, j and the ad-
dress Binghamton, N. Y., on every
bottle.
i have the slightest symptoms of kid-
trace of it in your family history, send
mton, N. Y., who will gladly send you
» you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root
lousands upon thousands of testimonial
! cured In writing, be sure to say that
San Francisco Daily Call.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AJVEBTISTiMKNTS.
Liver and Kidneys
It is highly important that these organs
should properly perform their functions. . ,
When they don't, what lameness of the
, side and back, what yellowness of the skin.
what constipation, bad taste In the month.
sick headache, pimples and blotches, and
loss of courage, tell the story.
The great alterative and tonic
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Gives these organs vigor and tone for the
proper performance of their functions, and
cures all their ordinary ailments. Take it.
IERCE S
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
, R WEAK WOMEN. .
*PPTTOW1TQ F0 * BARBERS. BA-
Dil U UllJuO k«*. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers; canners.
dy*rs. flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers. Dalnttn. aho* factories,
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors «tc
BXTCHAITAK BROS, '
Broali KanaXactoxers. 609 Sacramento St.
ASTHMANOLA.
Is the only cure for Nervous and
. Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Drusslst or at 508 HA1QUT ST..
¦ San Francisco. Cal.
Sehools anii\ Colleges*
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF TH3 j
WEST. 24 Post «t.. San Francisco. CaL
Established 40 yearn . Own entlr* >m|
Write for tUsstrated catalogue itrmi.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature la on each box. 25c. *
DR. KILMEB'S SWAMP-ROOT.
THOUSANDS iOilT^"
TROUBLE 1 ' DON'T Kit IT
p fS\\k ' \MM Kit
To Prove what Swamp^Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU. Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease — therefore* when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to. continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
II you are sick or •?feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmcr'«
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one. " • *• ¦
I FRF^H FROM l =^^^1 ARTSUPPLENENT
¦ J FALvJI I I r\\y/ I the Talk TO NPVT
tfT-H£,.^RDENt;;^°^"- [SUNDAY'S CALL
\ And must be seen to be really appreciated. Samples are on
! display everywhere and all dealers handle THE CALL Next
i Sunday's art [picture is entitled "Fresh From the Garden."
* • ** FRESH FROM THE GARDEN.
¦ .• *; _., * •. ,\ ¦ I . . . - . ¦ .
;,, ;/ . . f / Very appetizing will be the next picture presented to Sunday Call
''""¦* ', readers. It is an example of . still UTe and is called "Fresh From the Gar-
: . den," being a beautiful reproduction in colors of the famous painting by
;. . the eminent French artist, Louis de " Schry ver. \
\ '•¦-¦'¦'¦ . The composition is a delight in its originality and appetizing charac-
\\j:\ ij'j/X v v •-• ter. I One might readily imagine it as. a dainty surprise prepared for the
• ' %J !' onlooker by some loving hand, the portrayal being absolute in its realism.
;¦ .. . • One feeLs almost like picking up the berries individually and. patting them
i'~£ ¦¦'¦¦¦ -i* in the mouth, so true to nature are they pictured. •
:,'.;.. '• De Schryver has surpassed himself In this particular canvas. He is
;* v no( usually given to represenUng still life. He Is better known to the
• world: of art as a painter of street scenes peopled by the figures of well-
: - gowned Parisian women.' He is*, however, a great artist, as this pictnre to
I -¦ be' given away to Sunday Call readers next Snnday demonstrates.
I He is Parisian born, a celebrat ed exhibitor in the salon in '86 and
t for years following. He won a second class medal in '01 and first class
\ in '96. He is still a young, and prom ising artist, being on the sonny side
; . ' of 50. The. probabilities are that greater honors are reserved for him
V ' as he steadily progresses. . .. . .
t Cut out and paste this description on bad of the picture for future information. '. . '.;'
I ,-.' ; ' . '''/¦ . . ¦ ' .... . . ,. •¦ :. ; ; ; ~~: 1 ; ¦
I 'Thousands of newspaper readers are either framing these pictures or collecting them to
! ¦ . , be bound in portfolio form. .
r All Newsdealers in "ThcCreat West" Sell THE CALL Newsboys on All Trains Sell THECALL
;.•¦'•• ' Complain if You Don't Get THE CALL
THE DAILY CALL--Qreater 5an JFgpncisco's Greatest. Paper.
1'.';.^ '^r":.r..', ¦"' i'^VZ.: : .V; : Subscnbe-,for;-It. - ' ! : " : ; ' "\""LA JUNTA, Colo., Jan. 19. — John
Devine was to-day convicted in the
District Court of wrecking the Santa
Fe passenger train near Fowler last
summer, at which time Engineer
John Walker was . fatally injured.
Judge Voorhies . sentenced" Devine to
life imprisonment. Devine was a
tramp and was found within 150
yards of where the wreck i occurred,
apparently asleep, and claimed that
he had' been sleeping; there for some
hours, not being at all disturbed by
the noise of^ the .wreck.
Full Penalty of the Law Is Meted Out
to Tramp Who Caused Railroad
Disaster Near Fowler.
TRAIN WRECKER IS SENT
TO PENITENTIARY FOR LIFE
United States Court Commissioner
Keacock yesterday ordered deported
Dec* Seak Xgee and Lee Sing, high
binders, who had been turned over to
tne Federal authorities by Chief of
Police Wittman. They, with two oth-.
er Mongolian "gun fighters," had been
suspected of complicity in. the shoot
ir.q: that prevailed in Chinatown a few
weeks ag-o. It .was found after their
arrest that they" were not in .posses
sion of certificates of registration
such as Chinese; laborers are required
to have.. They claimed that they were
natives of San Francisco.
: The records 'of the Chinese bureau
were produced, from, which it ap
peared .that the defendants had stated
to the" bureau officials "on their arrival
from China several years ago that they
were natives of C!hina. This was proved
by , the testimony of Dr. Rickards and
Miss Lissak,' ' respectively Chinese in
terpreter and stenographer of the bu
reau. ., : . •
Detective Sergeant McMahqn swore
that the defendants were notorious
highbinders. Lyman I. Mo wry. an au
thority on; the Chinese exclusion act,
aFsisted the prosecution in the inter
ests of Justice. : The third defendant
was : d i sc h arge d a week ago, h e h av
ing proved that he was a native Amer
ican,. The fourth will be tried on-Fri-"
day.
Two Notorious Gun Figljters Turned
Over to Federal Authorities Arc
Finally Disposed Of.
CHINESE HIGHBINDERS
ARE ORDERED DEPORTED
lallins Walls Injure IJrave J^remen.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 19. — The
large plant of Mihaloviteh, Fletch
er &. Co. on East Pearl street, used as
a distillery and for compounding
liquors, was burned to-day. Loss.
5250,000. Two firemen were seriously
injured by falling walls. Fifty girls
and many men employed in the six
story warehouse had narrow escapes.
Before the casket was brought from
the house there was'a threat that the
funeral would not move unless a car
riage belonging to a prescribed livery
firm and driven by a man not approved
by the union drivers of the other car
riages was taken out of line. A negro
driver of one of the other carriages
made the threat directly to the gentle
man who had engaged the carriage.
Assurance was given that the carriage
would not be kept in line and the mat
ter ended. ; ;-.„• h ¦'.v'- -'£*¦
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 19.- — The funeral" of
James L. Blair, former general counsel
of the World's Fair, who died last Sat
urday in Eustis, Fla., was held to-day
from the residence of his brother-in
law and sister, Mr? and Mrs. B. B. Gra
ham. None but relatives and. close
friends 'of the family, attended the ser
vices. Blair's remains were placed at
rest beside those of his father, General
Frank P. Blair, in Bellefontaine Ceme
tery. Thp pallbearers were old friends
of Blair, six of whom were associated
with him in the St. Louis Bar Associa
tion.
None but Relatives and Closo Friends
Attend Funeral of Former General
Counsel of World's. Fair.
BLAIR'S BODY BURIED
BESIDE -THAT OF FATHER
Washington — James Barry, assignor one-half
to A. F. Johnson, Seattle, grain car door: Jos
rpb W. Bechtol and J. C. Manley, Tacoraa,
shaft hanger: James Estep, Tacoma, assignor
one-half to R. L. Bloom. Lakeview, making
butter; Sherman Fesenfeld, Hoqulam, umbrel
la; Royal J. Mullin, Seattle, automatic con
troller for te*& pumps: Frank Stuart. Pltzvtlle.
wrench; William J. Winter. Christopher, saw
sharpener. . . . , .
California-Debbie n. Alle^SW Franclsc^
strainer attachments for wash basin*; \\illlam
V Mien Chico, harvester, thresher and sepa
rator; William G. 'And won. concentrator,
Walter J. Bell, asHignor one-half to L. *. Motto.
Lcs \n*eles. wlectro mechanic*! switching
mechanism; ElbertJ. Brown. Coallnga. cable
grin clamp: Augustus S. Cooper. Oakland, pile
l-rouetor <£): Robert Forbes. Downievllle. trunk
strap; Crarles V. Fowler. Lou Angeles, appa
ratus for laisinft or lowering heavy bodies;
Jo** ph HenauU, Lcs Angela, cooking device;
Willard C. ¦ Janv>K. Cucamonga, wardrobe.
Hobet. etc.. Anbcrt Klatt; assignor one-half to
E. Kmmlr.gton. Colllnsville. detachable sail
fastening for mast hoopj>: Frederick J. Lew
zev. San Francisco, mattress; John B. Phil
lips. San Bernardino, machine for grinding pis
ton chambers and rings; George C. Richard:?.
Berkeley, assignor one- half to H. Murphy, San
Francisco, stamp mill; Louis Sachsc, Los An
peles, gold saving apparatus; Milton H. Schoen
bery. San Francisco.' attemperatlng device;
Clyde A. Speer and E. C. Bowman, Los An-
Rfcles, pneumatic hammer; Matilda.' L. Trapp.
Los Angeles. Fmelting furnace.
Oregon — Douglass 8. Dufur, The Dalles, car
riage return for typewriters.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19.— Postoffice
established: Oregon— Quinton, Gilliam
County. Charles E. Brown, Postmaster.
Fourth class postmasters appointed:
California— John B. Brown Jr., Grape
land, San Bernardino County, vice
Frances A. Meyers, resigned. Oregon —
Jennie McRae, Fox Valley, Linn.Coun
ty, vice J. W. Gardner, resigned. Wasly
ingrton — James Florance, Cloverland.
Asotin County, vice B. R. Howard, re
signed; Glen H. Elder, Stellacoom,
Pierce County, vice F. Doyne, resigned;
II. G. Mondcr, Tampico, Yakima Coun
ty, vice H. J. Knox, resigned.
Army orders — Lieutenant Colonel
William H. Comegys. deputy paymas
ter general, goes from the Department
of Colorado to San Francisco as chief
paymaster of the Department of Cali
fornia upon the retirement from active
service vt Colonel Frank M. Coxe.
First Lieutenant Wilson Pilcher,
Ninth Cavalry, goes from San Fran
cisco to Fort Bayard, N. M., for treat
ment, y ' --V ~i
First Lieutenant Henry de H. Waite
(retired) is detailed to the University
of California, Berkeley, as professor of
military science and tactics.
The following patents were issued to
day:
tal Service and More Patents Arc
Granted to Inventors.
Several Changes. Are Made In the Pos-
OF INTKRKST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— Senator
Quay introduced a bill providing for
the admission of Oklahoma and Indian
Territory as one State.
Introduces State Admission Bill.
TANGIER, ilorocco, Jan. 19. — An
unconfirmed report is current that
General Sir Harry MacLean, in com
mand of the bodyguard of the Sultan
of Morocco, has been captured by the
rebels near Fez. >v-' r^
MacLean May Be a Captive.
There was a oublic funeral and in
terment to-day of twenty-three of the
bodies already recovered. The cere
monies were attended by all the local
officials and "000 inhabitants. The
.shops were closed and the town is in
mourning.
• BLOEMFONTEIX, Orange River
Colony, Jan. 13. — It is now estimated
that sixty persons were drowned as a
result of the bursting of a reservoir
here Sunday, which also destroyed
1*6 houses and three hotels.
Reservoir at Blocmfontein.
It Is Xow Estimated That Sixty Per
sons were Drowned by Bursting ot
LOSS OF L1FK IS HEAVIER
TIIAX AT FIRST KKPORTED
The Greek who spoke made a motion
to his two companions and they, re
tired, reappearing shortly with two
bags from which they emptied upon the
table ten thousand dollars in gold.
Then one of .the women came forward
and exhibited a necklace of English
sovereigns representing a value of $500.
Another showed a similar necklace and
another •wore a richly chased, silwr
belt. Earrings and bracelets of gold,
artistically finished, were also produced
to show that the immigrants were not
at all what they seemed. . . £
They were allowed to land and took
up their quarters at the Hotel Gailhard
on Pine street. The men are Esteban
Maguel. Elias Maguel and Perez Ma
guel. Each has a wife and the children
number nine. They have been living in
Brazil and other parts of South Amer
ica and said that they came to Califor
nia for the benefit of their health.
These words were. spoken in excellent
Spanish to Captain Anthony de la
Torre Jr. of~the United States Immi
grant Bureau yesterday on board the
steamer Mera of the Kosmos line. The"
speaker was one of three swarthy men,
v/ho, accompanied by their wives, the
latter dressed in brilliant colors, after
the style of gypsies, came from Callau.
The immigrant inspectors believing
them to be nomads were about to deny
them the privilege of landing^ It was
feared that tho newcomers were poor
and might become a charge upon the
State.
"Senor, do not insult us. We are not
paupers, nor are we gypsies. We are
Greeks, and workers in gold, silver and
copper. Behold the proof."
The most Important acts of the United States
in respect to the peaceful solution of interna
tional controversies from a record of which
every American may be justly proud. The era
of warfare has not ceased upon the earth, but
if the principles for which onr country has
contended from its earliest history' should uni
versally prevail among men. the future, of na
tions will be quite different from the past.
ALBANY, N. Y.. Jan. 19. — The an
nual address to the State Bar Asso
ciation and its guests was delivered
to-night by former Secretary of State
John W. Foster, whose subject was
"What the United States Has Done
for International Arbitration." He
said:
By its steady championship of a freer com
merce and of most elevated principles of con
duct in war, the United States has brought
about an almost complete change in the prac
tice of nations. There still demands to be in
corporated Into international law one of the
principles announced by the founders of our
Government and steadily advocated up to this
day — the exemption from seizure of private
property on the sea in time of war. President
Roosevelt, reiterating the words of his illus
trious predecessor in his last annual message,
has again urged it Upon the nations of the
world, and the day is, I think, not far distant
when it will be accepted by them.
A« our country from its earliest history led
the nations of the earth in creating a more
elevated and ¦ perfect system of international
law, so also it has been the most active in ad
justing' international controversies and preserv
ing: peace by means of treaties of arbitration.
PICTURESQUE WIFE OF A
GREEK GCMiDSMlTH vAND '
HER CHILDREN. "
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19. — The trial
of August W. Machen and the others
indicted with him for conspiracy to
defraud the Government proceeded
rapidly to-day. The Government pre
sented in evidence a number of docu
ments having a direct bearing on the
dealings of the Groff brothers with
Machen's division in the Postofflce De
partment and bank officials gave tes
timony concerning the deposits of the
Groffs and the checks drawn against
these deposits.
The fact was brought out by two
witnesses representing firms which
manufactured the Groff fastener that
the price to the Groffs of the complete
fastener was 25 cents, with a rebate of
5 cents on, each fastenar conditioned on
prompt settlement of bills. The price
at which the fasteners were supplied
to the Government at first was fixed
at $1 50 each, but later it was reduced
to $1 25 each.
BIG PROFITS MADE ON
THE GROFF FASTENER
America Is the Most Active
in Perfecting; the System
of International Arbitration
Premier Deakin added that he was
reluctant to interfere outside of Aus
tralia, but the Federal Ministry was
compelled -to express deep apprehen
sion as to the results of the introduc
tion of Chinese labor into the Trans
vaal. He foresaw grave perils, racial,
social, political and sanitary, as, in
spite of safeguards, it was impossible
to prevent serious evils.
Premier Seddon has cabled to Pre
toria in similar terms.
MELBOURNEr*Australia.»Jan. 19. —
The 'Federal Premier, Albert Deakin,
after a consultation with the Premier
of New Zealand, R. J. Seddon, has
cabled to the authorities at Pretoria
tothe effect that Australia, after an
experience of years, is. convinced that
the prohibition of Chinese labor is" im
perative in British communities ex
pecting to enjoy responsible self-gov
ernment. ;
Premier Deakin Foresees Grave Evils
- and Perils if Coolie Help Is Intro
. . duced Into the. Transvaal.
PROHIBITION OF CHINESE
' LABOR IS IMPERATIVE
NEW YORK, Jan. 19. — Cured of a
broken neck, James Dunn, 17 years
old, has been discharged from a hos
pital, where he had spent five motion
less months, rigid in a plaster cast and
with heavy weights at his head and
feet which; held his body immo^ble.
The operation and cure have at
tracted great attention among sur
geons. Dunn was injured by diving
from a pier while bathing. Three ver
tebrae were crushed and chipped. He
was kept alive with great difflculty
during the operation. The splintered
bone was removed and the fractures
set.,Then the whole of the upper body,
neck and head were placed in a plaster
<Jast.
Dunn was laid upon a table and
heavy weights attached to his head
and feet. He was told that to move
meant death or permanent helpless
ness for him and he became the most
patient person imaginable. The bones
knitted perfectly and when the cast
was removed the boy was found to be
as sound as ever.
Successfully Treat a New York Boy
Who Accidentally Broke His Neck
While Divine From a Pier.
SURGEONS PERFORM
A WONDERFUL OPERATION*
An argument which met enthusiastic
applause from the minority side, in fa
vor of reciprocity with Canada, was
made by Sullivan (Democrat) of
Massachusetts. He declared that such
a treaty would defeat the Chamberlain
free idea between Great Britain and
her colonies.
WASHINGTON. Jan, 19. — The
House to-day considered the Hepburn
pure food bill. When the House was
ready to adjourn, on motion of Hep
burn, a recess was taken until 11:55
o'clock to-morrow. This course will
retain the bill before the House with
out interruption for consideration to
morrow. Just before the recess an
amendment coming from the Demo
cratic side was adopted, inserting the
word "willfully" relative to the sale of
prohibited adulterated goods by the
retailers, which would make it incum
bent on the Government to prove
knowledge on the part of the retailers
that such goods were contrary to law.
Bell (Democrat) of California was
one of the speakers who favored the
measure.
Bell of California Supports Measure
in the House.
CONSIDERING PURE FOOD BILL.
After the passage of half a dozen bills
the Senate returned to consideration of
the Panama question. Quarles spoke
for almost two hours in support of the
course of the administration and was
followed by Patterson, who criticized
the President's policy. Patterson was
subjected fo many interruptions and
had n5t concluded when the Senate ad
journed.
In response to a question from Ful
ton. Quarles said it necessarily followed
that the obligations of the treaty of
1S46 remain unimpaired, but were trans
ferred from Colombia to Panama. The
treaty attached to the land, he said,
and we were bqund to Panama to pro
tect that ct-untfy even against Colom
bia, which was now a foreign power.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— The Senate
required less than a minute to-day to
dispose of the motion to refer. to the
Committee on Postofflces the , various
resolutions looking to an investigation
of the Postoffice Department. The
question had been previously 'debated
for hours at a time, but to-day no Sen
ator manifested any disposition to dis
cuss it further and it was adopted with
out a negative vote.
The diplomatic corps and the ladies
of the court witnessed the brief cere
mony from the windows of the palace.
United States Kmbassador McCormick
and Mrs. McCormick. Secretary Eddy
of the embassy, Naval Attache Smith
and the Japanese Minister, M. Kurino,
vcro among those present.
When the rite was finished thousands
of people ewarmed across the ice and
dipped up water with which to sanctify
their homes.
Similar ceremonies were observed
throughout Russia.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 19.— The
Czar made his public appearance this
season at to-day's solemn ceremony of
blessing the waters. In the orthodox
church this rite Is commemorative of
the baptism of the Savior. It took place
in an open chapel built out on a quay
extending far from the Winter Palace.
It was preceded by a religious service
within the palace, which was attended
by the imperial family with the excep
tion of the Czarina, whose condition
was such as to prevent her being pres
ent, and the court officials, nobility and
representatives of the foreign powers.
The latter drove to tlye palace in great
Etate. with outriders wearing tradi
tional hunting knives, belts, caps and
streaming plumes of the national col
ors.
The scene outside the chapel was ex
tremely impressive. The thermometer
registered below zero and the atmos
phere was clear. Along the quay the
people were held back by a troop of
mounted gendarmes. The bareheaded
procession moved through double lines
of imperial infantry and a sailor guard
from the palace to the chapel, with the
cross and gospel held aloft, preceded by
the Metropolitan and the higher clergy
in gold-embroidered vestments, with
church banners, and followed by the
6carlet-gowned court choir, the cham
t>erlains and other court officials. Then
came the officers of crack regiments
without their overcoats, thus permit
ting a gorgeous display of uniforms,
bearing the flags of the empire. Next
was the magnificent Chevalier Guard,
in white tunics, with gold cuirasses
and double-eagled helmets; Hussars
and Red Lancers, with sable-tipped
headgear and crimson facings.
The Grand Dukes immediately pre
ceded the Czar, who carried himself
easily. He wore a simple uniform, that
of the famous Preobrajensky regiment,
the cross of St. Andrew glittering on
his breast. This was his only decora
tion. The Czar, who held his helmet in
his hand, looked strong and well. A
rocket screaaing up from the middle of
the river signaled his Majesty's appear
ance, which was greeted with a salvo
of artillf ry of 101 guns from the fortress
Saints Peter and Paul, punctuated with
the simultaneous chiming of bells
throughout the city. When the Czar
5iad taken ut» his position in the chapel
and the ice below had been broken the
Metropolitan blessed the shadowy
¦waters and the cross was dipped thrice
therein.
The groom is well known in society
and club life here. He is very rich,
having inherited the . fortune of his
father, a pioneer wallpaper manufac
turer of the country.
The story of Mrs. Plant's fight in
the courts for her dower rights in the
will that she contested and won is well
known, [it will be remembered that
Plant, desiring that his enormous for
tune, estimated at mere than $20,000,000,
should become the greatest in the
world, provided that the entire estate
should remain undivided until the
youngest unborn son of his grandson
(the latter then only j four years old)
should reach his majority. An annuity
of $20,000 each was set aside for the
widow and only son, Morton F. Plant.
Plant drew up this provision of his
will under the direction of shrewd law
yers, but a legal -flaw was found and
the instrument was broken. The ground
upon which the will was set aside was
that Plant's seven years' residence in
Connecticut did not establish a bona
fide citizenship in that State, the laws
of which permit the entailing of prop
erty. He was declared to have been
a resident of New York, where the
laws forbid entailing, and the property
was divided under the statutes of this
State.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— Robert Graves
and Mrs. M. J. Plant, widow of Henry
B. Plant, millionaire Southern railroad,
steamship and land owner, have been
married at the Plant residence on Fifth
avenue. There were only a half dozen
witnesses, all relatives of the bride and
bridegroom. A small luncheon was
served, and 'then Mr. and Mrs. Graves
departed in a special car for a short
trip. Every effort was made to pre
vent any publicity, and some of the
nearest relatives of both were in com
plete ignorance of the affair until they
were notified by telephone or telegraph.
LONDON. Jan. 19. — There was a
considerable crush irTcourt and a buzz
of anticipation when Whitaker
Wright, the company promoter, on
trial on the charge of fraud, entered
the witness box to-day. The former
-financier was composed and answered
questions firmly. He first related the
story of his life in America and then
told of the foundation of the London
and Globe Corporation, which, he de
clared, was prosperous until the end
of 1899, after the South African war
had started, when matters became
disastrous. The witness added that
he assisted the company out of his
private pocket, advancing between
$2,000,000 and $2,500,000. Previous
to this he had prepared a settlement
of $1,500,000 on his family, giving
$500,000 to each of his children, but
one day in 1899 the company's ac
countant informed him that he must
have SI, 500,000 or the company
would be obliged to suspend. The
witness said he supplied the money
and consequently the settlement on
his family was never carried out.
Wright admitted that he only held
2500 shares of the London and Globe
Corporation at the time of the crash
and said he tried to induce the late
Lord Dufferin to resign his director
ship because the newspapers attacked
him over Lord. Dufferin's shoulders.
The witness had intimated to Lord
Dufferin that the position of chairman
of a speculative company was not
dignified, but Lord Dufferin replied
that he was well satisfied and that he
wished to retain the position.
•Wright was cross-examined con
cerning his departure* for the United
States. He said that at the time he
felt justified in leaving, in view of
what had been said in Parliament.
He admitted that while managing di
rector of one company he' would sell
to himself as managing director of
another.
' Questioned on the subject of vari
ous items in the balance sheet of 1899,
he asserted that the sheet was
"straight as a die." He would never
admit anything wrong therewith.
"Profiting by the experience gained
when the finest jewel the British em
pire ever possessed, the United States,
left us for a separate existence." he
continued, "a new empire has arisen,
greater than any in the world, but the
great work of keeping and making per
manent this inheritance remains to be
solved. In the great revolution whioh
separated the United States from Great
Britain the greatest man that the revo
lution recognized, in my Judgment, was
Alexander Hamilton, the soldier-states
man. He left a precious legacy to his
countrymen when he said to them:
'Learn to think. Think continently.'
"I venture now to give you a similar
message. Learn to think imperially
and remember that the future of this
country lies in the future of the British
race in our colonies and possessions "
Although no vote of confidence was
permitted, the extraordinary enthusi
asm of the Stock Exchange, which es
corted Mr. chamberlain's carriage to
the Guildhall, the cheers which punctu
ated his speech and the vociferous ap
plause at the close of his remarks must
have assured the former Colonial Sec
retary that he had the full sympathy of
his audience.
Almost simultaneously with Cham
berlain's exposition of his policy in
the Guildhall the Duke of Devonshire
and Lord George Hamilton addressed
at Liverpool an equally enthusiastic, if
smaller, meeting, which was held un
der the auspices of the Unionist. Free
Food League. The Duke of Devon
shire said he was coming more and
more to believe that the. Government
was right in advocating a policy of
retaliation against protectionist coun
tries, but with Premier Balfour al
lowing himself t6 be so dragged into
the Chamberlain propaganda it would
be impossible for the Unionists to
maintain their alignment with the
Government before the country If it
was desired to differentiate between
retaliation and protection. When he
justified the Government's position
before the House of Lords, the speaker
continued, ho believed there would be
a real inquiry into the trade condi
tions of the United Kingdom, and he
had not then thought that this inquiry
would be limited to the production of
an undigested mass of statistics
coupled with an academical treatise
by the Premier.
The meeting passed a resolution
declaring against a general- protective
system.
Chamberlain, in an eloquent perora
tion, pointed out that the struggle for
life and existence in the future would
not be between the cities of kingdoms,
but between mighty empires. The min
or states would come off badly.
LONDON. Jan. 19.—The Guildhall
was packed to suffocation to-day by
a throng gathered to hear Joseph
Chamberlain speak. Chamberlain, who
was accompanied by his wife, received
a great ovation. He oegan by declar
ing that the provincial centers of com
merce of the United Kingdom had been
heard from in regard to his tariff pro
posals, but the views of the citizens of
London were not yet known. He de
sired to ascertain how the city men
felt on the subject of Me scheme be
fore the op2ning of Parliament, but he
regretted that owing to its non-politi
cal character the meeting wo-uld not
have the opportunity of voting directly
for or against him.
Qnarles Speaks in Support
of Course Followed by the
Washington Administration
American Colonies Brightest
Jewel Albion Ever Possessed,
Says the Former Secretary
Marriage Recalls Famous Will
Contest Involving an Estate
Valued at Twenty Millions
Diplomatic Corps and Ladies
of Court Witness Service
From Windows of the Palace
Victims of Financial Disaster
Anxious to Hear Explanation
of Man Who Lost Their Money
BLESSING THE WATERS
PANAMA AGAIN DISCUSSED
SCORES A GREAT TRIUMPH
GR003I IS WELL KNOWN
COURTROOM IS CROWDED
3frs. M. J.UPlant, Widow of
Xew York Millionaire, Is
Quietly Wedded to R. Graves
Whitaker Wright, the Com- 1
pany Promoter Charged With I
Fraud, Goes on Witness Stand
All Resolutions Relating to
Postal Department Frauds
Are Referred to Committee
Takes Fart in Solemn Relig
ious Rite Commemorative of
the Baptism of the Savior
Champion of Fiscal Reform
Is Given a Hearty Recep
tion in the British Capital
SENATORS END
LONG DEBATE
BECOMES BRIDE
0F A CLUBMAN
CZAR ATTENDS
THE CEREMONY
TELLS STORY
OF THE CRASH
CHAMBERLAIN
WINS LONDON
GREEK GOLDSMITHS MISTAKEN
FOR PAUPERS AND GYPSIES
When Immigrant Inspectors Suggest That They
Migllt Become a Charge Upon the State They
Produce Ten Thousand Dollars in Gold Coin
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', '.WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1904.
vGas heaters, formerly ?4.50, now $2.50.
at San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany. >I5 Post street. *
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— Postmaster Gen
eral Payne to-day isald th«re was nothing to
bar postmasters or other Federal officeholders
from (serving -as delegates to political conven
tions—national. State or county.
3
LEADS NATIONS
OF THE EARTH
Schilling's Best baking-
powder, flavoring extracts, and
spices, are best without quali-
fication. Coffee and tea -good-
enough.
Your grocer's; moneyback;
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the y^T •/J^r^^T"
CASTOR I A
Ke*vbro"s Ecrpicide Destroys the Dia-
firnff Germ ard Prevents Baldness.
<juinine and rum and a vlij>le lot of
<->U:rr things are pleasant to rub on the
scalp after washing it free of dandruff,
but not one preparation of the general
run cures dandruff and falling hair. It is
ncressary to kill (hat penn. to be perma-
nently cured of dandruff and to stop fall-
ing hair. Ncwbro's Herpicide will posi-
tively destroy that ;jerm. so that there
can be no more dandruff, and so that the
hair will iSVOyr !nxuiiant!y. "Destroy the
cause and you will remove the effect.''
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c m
rtamps l«*r sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
EVERYBODY DELIGHTED.
NEW ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
_
i ( .iM»iMi.»ii M j Wl i»i mmnfriir '".' r .......i lll n m «ii l > i n;....i.i.i Tl i W inu .mummuii.mihhiii iii mi inn ii iirrirniinTnnwnrTiirrB
#1 This Stylish Overcoat
Made to Order for
• Suppose you go to an. exclusive tailor and
order a long overcoat as here pictured. His price,
of course, will depend upon the material you
; select. He will charge you any way from $25. 00
to S^O.OO. He has to do it. He buys his cloth
from a jobber at a good price and not direct from
Jjftgt^ i?jGBpH the mills at a discount. Then, too, he charges you
' jHBHHni fc> r the style and charges you for his name.
W e can ma^ e y° u an overcoat to your meas-
ure in this style for Sl>.00 to $30.00, according to
• the material you choose, and the coat will equal
V^^^^^^^^S' We buy the material direct from the mills* at
'^^^^^^^^^^ a savin § trf a jobber's profit. We make twenty
overcoats" to the exclusive tailors one. Buying
l^^H^S^l the cloth direct and making garments in^ large
quantities enables us to .save you at least $10.00
• on a stylish overcoat like this.
iplg^^^^i^; With us you pay only for the merchandise
i^^^^^^M- and you get what you pay for.
1|T iSdlp^^ Out-of-town customers can secure a satisfactory fit through our self-
v^'£i£i£j'igiijia£«ftSg msasunng sysiom — writs for blank and samples.H1C RKXKFIT FOREFATHER
McKIXXON' MOXVMEXT FUND
Rev. Mark itiiy IVarsc Iioctures,
The Council of Jewish Women will
hold its regular meeting Thursday
afternoon. January 21, at 3 o'clock. k»
the Sunday' school room of Temple
Emanu-El. Mrs. Marriner-Camp
bell. assisted by her pupils. Will give
an illustrated discourse on the "Mus
ical Studios of Paris.7 4 \v ~"
¦ » o ¦ ' "' * '" -
DETROIT. MJch..* Jan." ISC— C. I* - Warren.
a -a aiine trial *t Fort Wayne ¦ for dc*«rUon
rrom Company G. First- United States Infan
try. dS«l to-day . frxjm bullet wounds < revived
iciteiJay while trying to csca^pe. ¦ -
To Talk. of Parisian Studios.
The entertainment to be fciven at
Mechanics' Pavilion to-morrow night
for the benefit of the MacKinnon mon
ument fund should prove a splendid at
traction.- Father MacKinnon, went to
the front at the nation's call. His dar
inR entry into Manila and his constant
presence on the field of* battle, in the
midst of wounded and dying, gave
proof of his courage and devotion to
duty. ; V^
The proposed monument will cost
$10,000 and it is hoped that the drill
and' entertainment • to-morrow night
will swell the fund to almost that sum.
clianio* Pavilion Will Draw
lautrc House. f : . V'/
Entertainment to Be Given tn Me*
The Simpson Young Men's Club will
hold a meeting in Simpson Memorial
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan
streets, Thursday evening. January 21,
at which the leading feature will be a
lecture by F. W. Prince, city .ticket
agent of the Santa Fe road. His dis
course will be on the rather unique
subject, "The History of a Coupon
Ticket, With Its Side Rides and Its
Side Lights." Mr. Prince will en
deavor to interest his auditors in fol
lowing the course of the railroad ticket
from the time it Is issued to a traveler
until its coupons return to the railroad
.company, where it passes through .the
accounting departments as a memor
andum of apportionment of traffic rate
to each road over which its purchaser
has traveled. The lecture /promises
to be an Interesting one to the general
public, which little understands the
great importance that" Is attached* to
the long pieces of pasteboard^ upon
which overland traffic is secured;'-
History of a Coupon Ticket.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
Prom San Francisco — Mrs. Andrews,
at the St. Denis; S. E. Basser, at the
Bartholdi; J. G. Dougherty, at the
Normandie; Miss E. V. Henrick. at the
St. Denis; L. M. . McDermot, at the
Manhattan; H..C. Stillwell, at the Hol
land; N. E. Vinson, at the Spalding;
Mr. Wood and wife, at the Gregorian;
N. Conn and wife, at the Gilsey; G.
B. Mairis, at the Albert; R. Newman,
at the Bartholdi; J. Dougherty, at the
Windsor; W. F. Humphrey, at the
Holland.
From Los Angeles— J. M. Neeland,'
at the Hoffman; D. L. Sedicker. at the
Victoria.
Califoraians in New York.
The increase in Canadian cattle sent
to Great Britain is enormous— from
10,163 in the first four months of 1902
to 27,300 in the first four months this
year.
An English-Irish syndicate has been
formed for the purpose of, removing
one of the worst evils with which Irish
industrial, development Is afflicted, viz.,
dear coal.
The charges against Corporal of Po
lice Anthony, accused of neglect of
duty, were sustained before the Po
lice Commissioners last night and a
line of $25 Imposed. The specific
charge was that he had failed to
properly investigate the death of Mrs.
L« C. Hume, who died in this city on
January 5. Anthony admitted that he
had not paid a personal visit to the
health office, but had telephoned out,
which he deemed sufficient.
The charpos ajjainst Policeman
Krugrer. accused of unofflcerlike con
duct, were dismissed by a unanimous
vote of the board. On New Year's
eve Kruger arrested Howard Smith, a
member, of a party of merry-makers
who were uslnjj the prohibited feather
dusters. Smith thought the officer
had exceeded his authority and pre
ferred charges against him. Walter
Thompson, another member of -the
party, also lodged a complaint against
Kru&er, claiming that the oflicen had
been unnecessarily rude in taking
away his feather duster. Before the
conclusion of the investigation he was
given a little wholesome advice on
manners by. Chief Wlttman and Judge
Conlan. who also occupied the stand
and testified for the defense.
The license of the Western Employ
ment Apency was revoked by the.
board. Superintendent Purdy of the
Bay View Brick Company testified
that the agency had sent him a num
ber of men when he had no employ
ment for them and further that he
had never Instructed* the agency to
supply him with help.
Llocnse of Western Employment
Agency Is Revoked; for Alleged
Crooked Practice.
COMMISSIONERS IMPOSE
LIGHT FIXE OX AXT1IOXY
Peter Kehoe, 60 years of age, who
has been an inmate of the Almshouse,
was taken yesterday to the Detention
Hospital for examination" as to his
mental condition. Kehoe has three
sous, Charles E. and Francis F., letter
carriers," and Robert, a teamster. At
the examination yesterday Robert said
that "he did not care what they did
with his father, as he had no more use
for him." The two other sons must
appear before the Commissioners, and
steps will be taken to make the three
provide for their father.
Sons Must Provide for Father.
DBNWB Cola.. Jan. 18.— Michael Callansn
and Jacob Srhwarti wrrt" arn*!<teil to-day on
Ctattgta of fraud In connection with the elec
tion la*t Novemtvr. The ComplAintl were
• «orn to by IteA-, H. W. Pinkham, who. while
acting a* watcher at tlir < -lection, wrf arrested
and Jailed for rrfurlng t<» "movt on."
Policeman to the Rescue.
Shortly after 6 o'clock last evening,
.when Market street between Kearny
•street and Grant avenue was congested
with homeward bound pedestrians, a
horse attached to a buggy dashed mad
ly into the big thoroughfare from Third
Street and was about to plunge into
the crowd of people on the north side
j of - Market street when Policeman
iBrown grabbed the frightened horse by
fthe bridle .and brought the animaf to a
¦halt after a fierce tussle. The prompt
action of the officer was all that pre
sented a serious accident, for many
people would have been knocked down
and. probably trampled on by the horse
had it not been stopped.
Hold Annual Meeting.
At the regular annual meeting of
the California Schuetzen Club Park
and Building Association held last
evening the following directors were
elected to serve during the ensuing
year: Philo Jacoby, Fred Levers, L.
C. Babin, Otto Bremer, . M. Reubold.
L. J. Reubold and A. Strecker. The
directors elected the fololwing officers:
President. Philo Jacoby; vice presi
dent, Fred Levers; treasurer, L. J.
Reubold; secretary, Otto Bremer.
Would Add Auother Story to Build
ing and Secure Still More
Appliances.
The annual meeting of the- San Fran
cisco Polyclinic was held yesterday aft
ernoon at its building, 430 Ellis street.
This Institution is one of the commend
able establishments supported and
maintained by the generosity and phil
anthropy of public spirited ladies. Mrs.
M. H. de toung, its original founder,
has had the proud satisfaction of seeing
it grow into one of the most useful in
stitutions in the city. Quartered first in
two small rooms, the Polyclinic has
grown until the entire building on Ellis
street has been found to be too small
for its use.
The Polyclinic is a post-graduate ad
junct of the medical department of the
University of California.
The worthy efforts of Mrs. de Young
have been seconded by Mrs. Phebe A.
Hearst, who has contributed toward
the maintenance of the Polyclinic.
In addition to its usefulness in the
center of the city there is a ward set
aside in the City and County Hospital
for the physicians connected with the
Polyclinic. It is the aim of these doc
tors to keep this ward as near the re
quired standard of perfection as possi
ble considering the condition and sur
roundings of the somewhat ancient
structure.
Officers were elected as follows: Of
fice board— Dr. J. Wilson Shiels, presi
dent: Dr. Leo Newmark, first vice pres
ident; Dr. "W. E. Martin, second vice
president; Dr. Louis Bazet, treasurer;
Dr. Martin Regensburger. secretary.
Board of general directors— Dr. George
F. Shiels, Dr. George Merritt and Dr.
Henry Wagner.
These gentlemen will if they can ob
tain sufficient funds to make needed
improvements in the building and
equipage of the Polyclinic during the
year. It is their intention to add an
other story to the structure^ which will
be fitted up with the latest modern ap
pliances known to the profession.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 1».— Tha United
States District Court to-day declined to inter
vene in the case of Pleasant Armstrong, the
condemned murderer of Baker County. Or. An
appeal will, be taken to the United States Cir
cuit Court, a member of which is expected to
arrive in Portland to-morrow, and in case he
refuses to Interfere the appeal will be car
ried to the United States Supreme Court.
Will Inquire Into His Sanity.
Peter Matthewes is being detained In
the Detention Hospital at the City-
Hall pending an inquiry as to his san
ity. His delusion is that property is
being: withheld from him and that
prominent citizens are hia cousins.
NAPA. Jan. 10. — The special election yes
terday for the issuance of bonds for a park.
brldRps. etc.. was carried by an overwhelming
majority. When the polls closed 701 votes
has been cast. The vote throughout stood
5 to 1.
PARIS. Jan. 19.— M. Pellatin. Minister cf
Marine, has promoted the officers of the miss-
Ing naval collier Vienne to higher rank, with
the object of Increasing the pensions of their
widows in the event of the collier's loss.
Thistlo Club Instull< Olht. v<
The San Frniuisi-o Scottish Thistle
dub has installed th«* following newly
rioctej officers:
ru>y»i Ohirf. Oeonpt \v. patcnoa; chieftain,
)¦...:: Younr: rcoonltT. A. li. Carlisle; trraii
iu*r. John lli>»<>: flnant'iHl M(l<(tlTt Jam<«
ToU, *riKeatu «l »rmi». William Crystal: i>roi>
••n^iaati. .1. ,>v. DarUbna; ' tru!>t«"r»— it. H.
Murray. Tttfftrmi" Christ !•• «n<l W. C. Camp
kxll. At ¦-(»¦¦ -jtin t:i-- ¦:¦:>¦ the fnllou Iiik
icam'ii <t'niV>Utt€o KM elected for tlu' year
3!«V|: i^nirman. «";«x>ri:»" \V. Patermm: rn're
tarr. A. E. Cjirllpli*: <;forc«- W. Miller. Jiint.-^
T«hJ. John Itws. John DonaldMNI, J. H. Me
ilrrror. G'virjre l'H>w. Pavl.l Youngr an.1 II. K.
V"i!»on Tlw f«>llo»inB t>tnnJinc rni;imlttf»-»
lmvc brrn ujipolntiM far tli»' rnsuinn yc:ir:
l»lt*rary — Thoma* C. liuni<*r. Oinirsc l>»«'.
'William Murray. William Cryrtal and A. K.
c«rlt*li?; »-ick— Alp^tunilT NirhoUon, David
Y<-UT>e anil William . Shephrnl; arbltrntlon —
ThoTia* Huntrr. John llainay. Edward Mi"-
Kafltry. rcirr RiddeU, J. W. Kins. Jobs .Mi-
LAchlun and Vn\ Id l>unald. I'd ward Itoys was
chosen club plrwr.
It was derided that thf twenty-third annunl
enduring: and caines •:.«•¦ plaea at ss. i;
Mnund Tark. Mimday. July 4. 1¦.M^. nnd ltoyol
t^ilef Osiix' W. I'atrrtu-in aj'l'ollited th* fol
lowlns xulicotiiintttt-t f to mak<' arranccmrnt*:
Fin works—John It^s an.l Captain I.. Sleb.;
• dv*»-tl»liiK— Jtiljn Koe*. «;«»oik< \V. I'atersoii
¦ ad J»n-.c* T<-k1; Invttatinn — Gcitrse W. Put^r
•fin. CJ. ors» W. Miller nn.l A. K. <*arllsl'-:
prlnVlnit— A. T~.. CarllsV. Oforce W. Patenoa
• nil John I>pual3srn; n->urlo— J. H. McOn>Ki>r,
n. F. Wilnon and Ilavld Vt>uns; flnanv^ —
«l»^rEe Dow. It. F. Wtlvcn and J. II. Mi-
Crrjnr.
I"JH Itcyal Oiief O«OTSe \V. Miller conduct
ed the installation <*xrrv'.*<^.
Edward Hall, a youth residing: «t
1207 Steiner street, struck his . head
against a stanchion in the cellar of
his home last night, fracturing his
skull. He was taken to the Emergency
Hospital.
Boy's Sknll Fractured.
CHICAGO, Jan. 19.— An alleged at
tempt by a member of the Nash family
to bribe James Tilbery to fiee from the
country, the return of a true bill
against the prisoner by the Grand Jury
and the discovery of evidence.pertain
ing to the existence of a secret society
said to be for blackmailing purposes
among Chicago coachmen were the
chief developments of to-day in the
proceedings instituted by Mrs. Hollis
M. Thurston against her former chauf
feur. * . i
Tilbery is now held under a formal
indictment charging him with attempt
ing to extort money by threats from
Mrs. Thufston. S
The statement* that an agent of the
Nash family had offered to pay Til
bery's bond of $2200 and give him $500
on condition that he would "skip" to
England was made by Emmet
Clare, Tilbery's attorney. Mrs. Thurs
ton's attorney emphatically denies this
charge, and sa'ys his client will appear
on the witness stand against Tilbery.
The investigation has . revealed , thej
existence of "The Thirteen-Tnch Gurr
Club',' among coachmen, membership
of .whlch-.is. strictly confined, to private
family .coachmen;, to the exclusion ot
•"Jehus!" It 'appears .that .'Tilbery is
president of this club. Attorney Ingram
scents a blackmailing conspiracy in the
'club, but attorney Clare affirms that it
is merely a social organization. * i
Special Dispatch to Th«.Call.
POIiYCIJXIC SURGEONS
DESIRE IMPROVEMENTS
Alleged , Criminal Motives of
an 'Organization Formed
by Coachmen in Chicago
E. P. Colgan, State Controller, Is a
guest at the Lick.
Dr. E. E. Strow of Marshfield, Or.,
is at the Lick.
E. H. Hudson, a merchant of Marys
ville, ia at the Grand. \ '
Attorney Grove L. Johnson of Sac
ramento is at the Palace.
John B. Seykero, a large land-owner
of Ukiah. is at the Grand. .
Dr. and Mrs. G. F. Chalmers of
Niles are at the Occidental.
William Palmtag. a warehouseman
of Holllster, is at f the California.
Thomas Clark, a mining man of
Placerville, is staying at the Grand.
A. G. Keagle, a rancher of Stockton,
and wife were at the Lick yesterday.
Jay W. Adams, Pacific Coast rep
resentative of the Nickel Plate line,
is at the Occidental.
F. C. Ilines, a well known insurance
man, has returned from his former
home in Los Angeles and is registered
at the Palace.-.^ -^ ;-
Alex Brown of Milton and R. H.
Beamer of Sacramento", : members . of
the State Board- of* Equalization, ar
rived at the Lick yesterday.
N. H. Foster, the newly appointed
purchasing agent of the San Pedro.
Los Angeles and Salt Lake road,
leaves . to-day jCoc Lojt-Ajigeles to^ en
ter uporr^fift Mw£*»tH»tWa* '
R. L. Douglass of Virginia City, a
nephew of Millionaire /Joseph M.
! Douglass, who died in this city Sun
j day. arrived from Nevada yesterday
land is staying at the Grand. , ~
j Former Congressman J^rry Simp
son of Kansas, who is now .engaged in
the cattle business : arid, farming in
Roswell, New Mexico, arrived' yester
day from the north, where he
attended the annual convention of
stockmen, and is at the Palace.
C. R. Hurd, C. E. Cowell, Charles
Hatfield and C. F. Best of Denver and
W. F. Greer and Charles Henkel of
Pueblo, representative business men
of the cities to which they are ac-'
credited, are at the Occidental. They
are here on pleasure and business.
i Superintendents R. H. Ingram. T..
R. Jones and-J. A. Naugle, represent
ing the Southern Pacific line at Los
Angeles, Guaymas and Tucson, re
spectively, arrived in this city yes
terday and are registered at the Pal
ace. They have been making an an
nual tour of inspection of the com
pany's different divisions with. Man
ager Agler, who returned to this city
two days ago.
PERSONA!*
CLUBS OBJECT
IS BLACKMAIL
REDWOOD CITY, Jan. 19. — A man
was run over and killed at Mlllbaxe
this morning by a railroad train. Upon
the body was found a card bearing the
name or F. J. Jlleck. a carpenter, re
siding and having his shop at 134%
Russ street, San Francisco, also a card
showing that a man by tills name was
a member of ' Union 482, United
Brotherhood of Carpenter* and Join
ers of America. An Inquest win b«
held Saturday morning.
Carpenter's Card on the Body.
. The third anniversary of • Verdi's
death will be observed on Saturday
evening, January 23, in the Alhambra
Th'eater by a musical commemora
tion under the auspices of the Italian
daily journal,- I/Italla.
The proceeds will be devoted to the
fund for the Verdi monument, which
is to be erected in this city. The chief
'attraction will ' be the first appear
ance in San Franpisco of the Rivela
•Royal Italian band. Rivela, after
whom the band is named, will be re
membered as the leader of the El
lery band when that organization
, played here a year ago.
Among the selections will be Verdi's
"Aroldo," "Ernani," "Xabucco,"
k "Trovatore" and "Lombardi." The
sextette from "Lucia," the Pilgrims'
chorus from "Tannhauser" and "Al
bumblatt" by AVagner, and Mascagni's
intermezzo from "William Ratcliff,"
will be heard, and the vocalists will
.include F. Ayedano, Pomenico Russo,
C. S. Wanrell, G. Cortesi and Mrs.
Lydia Sturtevant-Sterling. Pietro
Marino will be the violin soloist.
The sale of seats is now open at
Sherman & Clay's music store.
Programme of : Composer's Master
pieces and Works of Wagner
Are tO'Be Given.
VERDI'S MEMORY TO BE
HONORED IN THIS CITY
The ne*<J of some place of helpful t««sort f->r
1h<" enlisted men of th«> rnit«><» States navy
when on lUx-rty in Vall«-J) lia.i long been fell
hy civilians «n<3 by ofru-ers of the tenicc
K*ar Admiral IMkna:> *a» one who K«v«
murh *tuU> to the project but wan cnll'd to
ether Cuty t<efor<. any i>lans were Inauuu
mted. \Vhti«- Ml** A«ni-» Wralon had rtwwn
• hat rivllizatien could do t" lietier «l>«" to* "»
lirttlih man-o'-warameii. it »'«« left In
Amrrici to tin- <it> of Vallejo to establish the
flut Institution, with a l>ullJti>£ of its own.
for the nifii of the navy a»«l conducted l>y
theme in ciril life- ,
The -J 1 !. .!•¦<! won' have welcomed <mr Insti
tution *nd given il lar«f ratronas*. They
Imvr vnntrll»uifd fr*-<-l> l<> meet the aip«n«— ¦
¦ • I il.. rn.ri.uil.il *-nsr.».-«.'ii liandwjnx-ly and
• lpne.1 by a toinniluw ot ihr crew* or th«
lr«l*T«»i<l<tw«\ UoBtetvy, Mohican. Albatross
«tiil J'sttermni. M «>'!l a* by rejTfwntatlves
«'f the Marine <\>n>N reveals tl>f fact that a
V«en wnst- of gratitude dwell* within th«- blue
Jacket or man> mm nhu follow tli"- "•¦a. Many
«nUT*?;nrr.rnti' ut»1 lertureH have at tltn«-»
benefited rur treasury. T»ie liaxaar held un
der the auepirrn <f Mr*. M«-«'r1U und othT
naval U<t'.c« <m Mar.- l*!imd in 1SI»4 n-altr.**!
nvrr *«(«•. EMcrtalnirn-nu Riven, by civilian*
wft» at the first quite treqamt below the
*rf<-ti..n ..f the building, whlrh nnw provide,,
adequate lu'-.ds from rentale. lx><-tun-R by
<li*ttrFUi«hed naval «td<T» have afforded en
trrtatnmrnt. InMrnrtJrm »m1 financial help.
The «-onn.1en.-e of Ihe enlisted men in the
inHiltutiuii linh been a chit ring feature. The
•.uprrintrndent !mm> oared ror their savings
wlicn rvgue»ted to do no. one dts<-han:ed KUllor
r»- <ntl»- j'lu.-int Jls»«> in our hands for safe
keeping. "• •
VALLEJO, Jan. 19.— The first d<»
rennial report of the Sailors* Union,
«>f which the- Rev. Theodore P. Burn
ham. M. A., is superintendent, has
bren issued and contains an interest-
Ing review of the good work done dur
ing ten years for the enlisted men in
the navy. The report says in part:
Special Dlrpiteh to The Call
In the event of the Court of Cassa
tion deciding that a further Investiga
tion is necessary the case will come
before the three chambers of the Su
preme Court, sitting together, which
will decide whether to refer the case
to a court-martial or pass final judg
ment upon It Should an Investigation
be ordered the proceedings probably
will last six months.
PARIS, Jan. 19. — The report of At
torney General Baudern is favorable
to Dreyfua, following the view adopt
ed by the court, which recommended
a revision of the case. The Attorney
General to-day finished the examina
tion of the case before the Court of
Cassation. The decision of the court,
which is not expected for some weeks,
undoubtedly will be in favor of Drey
fus. /
SAN BERNARDINO. Jan. -9.— De
spite weather predictions ,to the con
trary, rain began falling hc.e at noon
to-day and continued ' x showers dur
ing the afternoon and e-enlng. The
total precipitation was about .15 of an
inch, but conditions continue favorable
for additional rain.
SAN Ll'lS OBISPO. Jan. 19.— Rain
fell again last night and it was showery
to-day. Wind southwesterly. with
every indication of heavy downpour.
Business of every kind is improving.
RIVERSIDE, Jan. 19.— Rain began
falling here at noon to-day and contin
ued in a drizzle all afternoon. The
barometer is rising to-night and the in
dications are that the rain will not
amount to much. The rainfall to date
has been .64 of an inch.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 19.— Heavy showers
about midnight make the .ainfall of
the storm nearly an inch. Sunday
forenoon .67 of an inch fell. This makes
nearly four inches for the season. This
last storm is worth thousands of dol
lars to the county. It will enable
farmers to seed their plowed land and
bring up the grain already in the
ground. On the cattle ranges grass
was getting very low. but this last
storm will start the feed again. > The
rain has put the orchards in fine condi
tion to be worked. A late season gen
erally means a pood fruit crop, as a
late opening of the buds and blossoms
are generally not touched by frost.
Santa Clara Valley will be able to get
along without rain now for several
week-?. Indications are, however, that
the : torm is not over.'. More snow fell
l_st night on the Mount Hamittbn
range and that range is well covered
with snmv.
Having received special warning from
the Weather Bureau hundreds of ranch
ers resorted to smudging this morning
and thereby removed all danger to
their crops. It takes more than one
frosty morning to injure a crop which
hats so far advanced and unless the
cold weather continues and the tem
ptrature falls many degrees below
what It was this morning practically
no damage can result when ordinary
precautions are taken to prevent It.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 19.— A downpour of
rain began at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
The wind Is fmni the rain quarter and
a good fall is indicated.
SANTA ANA. Jan. 19.— Rain com
menced falling here at noon to-day in
a steady downpour. The weather con
ditions give promise of u continuance.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 19.— Reports to
night from correspondents stationed
throughout the orange district 6f
Southern California are to the effect
that the- frost this morning did little
damage to the citrus crop. It was a
(sharp freeze in places, but was not suf
ficient to seriously injure^the crop,
which is now practically ready for mar
ket.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Speaker Cannon regretted that such
a small . percentage of the merchant
marine carried the American flag. He
predicted this country would gradually
gain control of all the stocks In our
transportation lines, both rail and
steam, now owned in foreign countries.
He announced there would be no legis
lation in this session of Congress bear
ing on great commercial questions ow
ing to the proximity of the Presiden
tial campaign.
The Panama canal, the greatest work ever
undertaken In the world, has fallen to the
United States to do. Is It for military uses?
For the people along- the shore? It will be of
little use unless we have a merchant marine.
With our great natural resources, great en
dowments, great cosmopolitan people ' full of
enterprise, time will not wait. Progress is
the word. We should not be satisfied until we
regain the supremacy we had In, the days of
wooden shipbuilding.
In the Interests of the working people rather
more than any other we ought to have a mer
chant marine. There la the place where we,
as a great party, have neglected our duty.
We are spending millions for a navy and
neglecting a very necessary attribute. It is
Important for us . to follow the experience of
other maritime nations, who. in time of war,
found it necessary to have an auxiliary fleet.
Are we to permit two hundred millions of dol
lars to bo into the pockets of foreign ship
owners when at least a part of that should be
retained at home?
"WASHINGTON, Jan. • 19.— At the
banquet of the National Board of Trade
to-nijght Senator Hanna discussed the
ship subsidy bill. He said in part:
UKIAH, Jan. 19.— Pete Lamar, an In
dian, was found murdered this morn
ing. Investigation showed that he had
t:en in town with several other In
dians. The redskins filled themselves
with claret and. then retired to the
cabin of Jeff Dick. It is supposed that
a drunken row occurred tljei :. . *
Lamar's body, was found half a mile
from where a pool of blood showed
that the tragedy had occurred. . T,he
assailants had . tied a handkerchief
around Lamar's throat and then
pounded his head with stones. Tracks
from the scene of the murder' seem to
indicate 'that three men and one squaw
carried the body to where it was found.
Sheriff Smith has made four arrests.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 19.— The estate
of Miser Charles Hill, which has been
the bone of contention for hundreds
of alleged heirs and for which more
than a dozen widows have entered
their claims, was distributed to-day by
order of court, the- entire estate,
amounting to $144,000, going to heirs
in Boston. tfSn
The names of the fortunate claim
ants are: Salem D. Charles, Helen A.
Bliss, Mrs. Leonard A. Hyde, Byron W.
Charles, Fred A. Charles, Jennie E.
Skerry, Mrs. Mary L. Charles and Mrs.
Sarah F. C. Barrett. The State re
ceived over $5000 out of the estate as
the inheritance tax. t
Sheriff White left to-day for the Te
hachapi Pass to assist in the search for
the fugitive. A reward of $50 has been
offered for his apprehension.
Parker was being taken to the peni
tentiary by Deputy Sheriff Cleveland,
and the officer permitted him to go to
the lavatory. He remained for some
time, and Cleveland went to .the end of
the car Just as Parker was climbing
out of a window. 1 The officer promptly
opened fire on him at close range, but
it is not known whether he struck him.
Cleveland also jumped off the train; but
Parker Jumped down an embankment
and escaped in the darkness through a
deep canyon.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 19.— Echv'ard
Parker, a professional crook, under sen
tence at the Folsom penitentiary, for
grand larceny, leaped' from ; a north
bound Southern Pacific train in the
Tehachapi Mountains early this morn
ing, and despite the fact tViat he was
handcuffed made his escape. '
Special Dlspatch'to The Call
Says We Are Spending Millions
for a Navy but Neglecting
a Very Necessary Attribute
Success of the Effort to Es
tablish a Helpful Resort for
the Men on the Warships
Rain Falls in a Number of
the Cities in the South and
Business Rapidly? Improves
Deputy Sheriff Opens Fire on
the Escaping Criminal, but
; the Man Finally Gets Away
Will Itself Pas^ Final Judg
ment or Refer the Proceed
ings to a Court - Martial
Body Found a Long Distance
From the Place Where Hor
rible Crime Was Committed
Funds of the State Increased
by Settlement of Controversy
Over a Dead Man's Money
PROGRESS IS THE WORD
SHOTS AT THE FUGITIVE
SUPRE3IE COURT TO ACT
ENLISTED MEN GRATEFUL
HEAD BEATEN WITH STONES
RANCHERS HAVE WARNING
BOSTON CLAIMANTS WIN
Senator Hanna Declares That
the United States Ought to
Have Large Merchant Marine
Prisoner Being Taken to Fol
som'Jumps From a Car Win
dow in Tehachapi Mountains
Superintendent of the Sailors'
Union' at Vnllejo Reports
Upon Work Done in Ten Years
Report of the French Attorney
General Favors a Revision
of the Celebrated Case
Meiirlocino County Redskin Suf
fers a Terrible Death During
a Night of Wild Revelry
Valuable Estate of Charles Hill,
Who Died in Los • 'Angeles,
Is Distributed by a Court
Citrus Trees in Southern Cali
fornia Prosper Despite the
Presence of a Sharp Frost
BLUEJACKETS
ARE BENEFITED
ORANGE CROP
ESCAPES HARM
TALKS ON SHIP
SUBSIDY BILL
DRUNKEN MEN
KILL IN INDIAN
DARING LEAP
WINS FREEDOM
MISER'S WEALTH
GOES TO HEIRS
DREYFUS GAINS
ANOTHER POINT
THE SAN FRANCISCO -.; CALU, WEDNESDAY,- JANUARY 20, 1904.
The Rev. Mark tluy Pearse- delivered
another of his in-aphJc lectures «at the
Central Methodist Episcopal Church
last night. The reverend lecturer told
principally «f Cornwall and pave the
Cornish dialect to perfection. He will
preach a sermon at Central Methodist
Episcopal Church on' Sunday night
next. ' . ' .' i
4
DOAN'S KIDNEY PIIXS. ( '
,•¦ • j^^^l^^^mlKSiay Always aching — hard to fiftd relief — sometimes sharp, o
© "^^^^^^X^^mi shooting pains, other times dull, steady ache— makes you §
© t« i^l'^^H weary and worn out. Little rest day or night. Kidneys ®
G 1 cause it all. Kidneys keep the back bad when they get out of g
• P^i^^^^^jBBS^B^ order. Backache is first symptom of kidney ills. Relieve the ©
§ 3 I^^^^^^O^W^^I kidneys when they call for help or dangerous dropsy. Diabetes, q
S Rheumatism, Urinary disorders, Bright's disease come quickly, g
o OllPu anc^* cn '^' s a stru ggk between disease and cure. Take ©
2 ®- &Er. ', Doan's Kidney Pills before it is too late. %
• $?^o^cio?^c«»^^^ b xn i a i r n r r •
© Q * __ - . Ot^ j j | \M I aj I L flaJ f|a| Rg. £%.
law Jfj M » t 1 - ' '^ , * ¦ - B| * f\ ' I * • *'" ' iTb n 8 fa I aarl ar J jJE u S B
2 "So^ojw^^ Readers. ©
•¦^.;- - .. .','•¦. •;¦.¦..¦.:¦¦¦.;-'¦-¦¦- ' . ¦ . ¦ o
• j. A. Kell (retired) of 605 Broadway, says :t "For a year 1 '*-£* . $ %
2 or more inv back was weak and ached continually, not se- }^^k °
•'.vcrely enough to lay <me up, but it certainly was very dis- ¦' jw/^^^ItQdneY^^^ ' o
J agreeable. 1" knew" the cause of my trouble from the action * Wa\ Pills jjg|lla | O
• and condition of the kidney secretions, but \vliat to do to stop \^"^>»»t«. »* cum.' j S
'•it was a mystery. I came to .California in 1853. The greater Vw^^ n c, T%^ m^ Jv^W j e
% part of my life has been spent in mining, an occupation de- ?
• cidedly 'hard on the constitution, and when attacks of kidney T- : i •
j % complaint affect a nian it is more difficult, than ordinary to p "®* ~ | •
• 'remove. " DoaVs Kidney Pills certainly stopped my backache. state- _ ; g
% It is ¦'• now some seven or eight months since I stopped the . TlZZv^S^JZgg*}**?^* ' 2
I •; treatment, and at the pr^senf time I have not a sign of .any- 1^ 1 ?^* 1 * 1 * •*»»«¦ «««^2 5
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Reports From
Patients.
San Kranrtyro. Jcnuar>- I 1 *. l»04.
THET ARK UEG1NN1NG TO KIND OIT
•It over the L'nited States that Dright's
X>iseas« and Piabeira are now curable. Here
are aotne mere lat* voluntary reiK?rt» from
tu'i on thr Fulir.T «\<mptiundi«. Note that
tbry i#m« front ten different States:
Jam»* S. G,v^J»ln. M. n.. Clrar Lake. Wls.:
1r W>.irh trmjAiunJ do you u»e for Bright"*
P:t-'«u-» comnllcatM with Diabetes? Haw a
Pia*»t1«" now on th» roirp. Result* thun far
all aatisfactory. Am exr>ectlnc a bad rate of
Bright's roon." .' , '
O»t>nt«> M. TVa!k«r. Hot Pprinni, Ark
(Brhjht's Disease): "Am getting bettrr evrr>-
day.* •*
S. D. Wfl. Mdw. Brckrr. Mobile. AlB.:
•¦Ila*» tx*n en th# compound flve month*. Al-
hunvrn about ceased. Am apparently tn flne
health." f •
n. A. Cr^k. Oak Tarli, 111. inrlithf* Pis-
ease): "Am mu<-h improved at the »nd of the
Cr«t six bottles."
Our New York agent renorts in the rase of
Mr. Kictaard Paters th# total dlKappearanco »f
sUI trace* jt the a-outy txTidltlon the nr*t
tfcree w*»ki«.
; W. B- MartlmJale. President of the Corn
King Husker CVmwins" of Chlcairo (Bripht's
PS»ea»y>: "Am: ffelir.g hrtter than wh-'n I
wnmcicfj and! my frU-nds remark that I'm
lorkirg better."
J. C Faurct. Conland. O. (DUbetM): "My
w1fe.-i» hetter. Thlr«t and appetite Iras and
ha» ceased lewtns: «retsBT."
David Kouth. rviroy. ra. : "Water Is again
Birv'and «-lear. Have <nerca**d (he compound
te four tirnem a day, 1 find this to jrive the
h—\ TrrvttU*.? .."t;
C E. \VJ:ltemarTh. Wautonu, Wls : "Where
can 1 get >tmr compound near here? I learned
t>t it throiurh W. 6. W ,,-i -of Aa*ua.nUi^nte«.
Mmi> . siho »«> currd of BrichfB I >m<- «j-«
t9 il " (B> never heard cf this Mr. Woods
cure, frat hundreds are recovering who make
do rtsort to t»..— J. J*, F.. <"o.l
H*re > another case. Jik« the above: Mrs.
W. It. Hatrh irrites from Mobile. Ala., that
a^»* fcas intt t*r sen on the cemtMUnd, '"as 1 It
h«-» ju« relieved a c*»e of Ilricht's I>t$^«se or
• nelkhhcr." 4 A not her one cf the cusiy re-
coverjes t*4 rcjwrjed to us.)
Mr*. Walker cf Chjpfynra Kails. W|». (Dli-
betcjrt: "Am "noi sa i>rr>opj and am now
rleepiRg «nd fecjlng Iwtter. Am trUing all
• ho have Diabetes that you have'lnt only
hop*.'" .: •'-'- ' ,
Jlere la another cas? like tn.i at>r>ve; Mr*.
TV. F 1 . <5e Cinoo of Carl Junction. Mo., writes
*he it ju*t startirts: on the oomj«ourjtl, *> »he
has "just hrard of the %-cnJerful cure of a
lady of Jojilln p( Bright'* Useajte." 'tAncther'
fw of many revmerlrs not rejH'rtihJ ta us )
Mr*. AIM* i$err>-, L*x-kiAgton, o.. writrs
th«j titr boy tPUbrttr) "t» ferlicg bettrr,
sleep* veil, dor* net have to. get up mure than
oece at nicht i»o»."
«. J -,J!i^ »>"^ J <' i n. rre*t«n l!o«» Ontinnr,
Marltwm, M«s»-U Qnl* ,«, Vrcnnd txittle and
waiting for Informatlen reports, 1 "| thtnk It
har b*l|wd me vtr> much. I am freUnj much
DCDsty^
J, A. Rucktr. IVarl. Cnio. tDlahetrt): "I
«»'M the eomp>nuid and it I* helni& K me I
ha«l »-r-n»taRt »«ln. but It has entirely .iti-ar-
t«i«r»<l." *
V. 1-. t;*v«r«. Nonhport. 'wijth.:' "Hare
b»«-n <-n »our Ueosl Compound for *un>e time
and feel ¦ lot h,.«er."
Wrftchr* lni«**r and !>taN-tr« arc eov
<t:rahU tn atvnit KT per cent of atl ca*es hv
the r>i:t«»a i"ctar«iada. John J. Ki.in n Cnm-
rany.KJe t-r-rsptnjtsders, 400 \\*a*hlnj:tcin street
s*an rnnnw^n Omj^MJTHi* and (*unnh!ets at
atl ftrrt^tafc? drum*v* tn iVts c-isy and Hp. ?>¦
ctaji ta rw«r:> ail the Interior coast citif? and
ttt-jth.-. '. ihe-t"Dt«««! fuun. f<-r satu-
j*-«i aa4 list of agracjes. . L
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured by the use of
ft * f
ThissdentificgernJdde is abso-
lutely harmless: it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane of the stomach, arid jiry re-
moving the cause, effects a'cure.
Used *nd recoinasended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute and *ee that
each bottle bears my signature. TriaJ sue
•l.OO, at druggists or by mail, from
61.0 Prtaca st. - Hew Tor*
Ocndjur BooUd. <¦ -.^. i
e Steamers leavs Eaa Fraa>
clsco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Wracr«U
Juaeau. Halnes, Ska&-ua7.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a, m.. Jan.
10. 21. Zfl. 31. Fab. *.
Chang* to company's ateazo-
•rs at EeattI*.
For Victoria. Vaneoorer.
Port Townsend. Seattla. Ta-
coma, Ererett. 'Wbatcoxn — 11 a. ta.. Jaa. IS,
21. '.'8. 31, Feb. 5. Change at Seattla ts this
company' ¦ steamera tor Alaska and G. S.
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry., at
Vancouver to C. P. Uy.
For Eureka (Humbo'.dt Bay) — Pomona, 1:38
p. m.. Jan. 17. 23. 29. Feb. 4; Corona, 1:30 p.
m.. Jaa. 14. 2O. S3. Pel*. 1.
For Loa Angeles (via Port Lea Angelea and
Kedocdo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-—
Santa Rcea. Sucdays. 9 a. ra.
State of California, Thursday*. 9 a. ra.
For Loa Angelea (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Craa. Mon-
terey, San Simoon. Cayueoa, Port Hariord <Sam
Lute Oblspo). Ventura and Hueaema.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Jan. 12. 2O. SS, Fab. 5.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Jan. 16. 24, Fab. L
For Enser.ada. Magdalesa Bay. San Jos* <2st
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro»
¦alia. Gaayssas Olez.), 10 a. ra.. 7ta of «aca
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reaervad to change ateamers or amlU
tee dates.
TICXET OPTICXS — ( Xew Montatom-
erv street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street aad
Broadway wharves.
FrelKht office, 10 Market street.
C. D. DOJAXX, General Passeaur Arent,
10 Market street. San FrancisooL
O. /?. & N. CO.
Oregon sails Jan. SS. - Feb. 7. 17. 27. Mares*
9 19 aniJ 2D. S. S. Cmtcon Is temporarily la
service ln»te«d of th» Columbia. G*«r«;« W.
Elder saUa Jan 23. Feb. 2. 1Z 22, March 4.
14 and 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR-, and thort rail line from PcrUanl
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at LOW-
EST RATES. ¦ Steamer tickets tnelade berth
and meats. Steamer stalTn foot of Spaar st. a>t
11 a_ m. S. F. BOOTH. G#n. Agrt. Pas*.
Dept.. 1 ilontgomery st. ; C CLIFFORD. Gea.
Agt. Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(OR1KNTAL STKAM3H1P CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner FJrrt «n4
Brannan streets. «t 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, callins at Kob* <Hi-g'»», Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hinx-
kong wtth steamers for India, etc No caro
received on beard or. day of saiJtng.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
. Monday. . January 25. IXH.
Via. Honolula. Kound-trip tickets at red'iee.1
rates. ' For fre!*ht and passage apply at Com-
pany's offlce. 421 ll^rfc^t street, corner Flrst-
W. H. AVERT. General A??r.:.
oceawcs.5xo.iioai
; S. S. SONOMA, for Haaolura. Samoa, Ancfc-
lasd an<3 Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 21. 2 p. m.
! S. S. ALAMEDA. for Hon«.ulu. Jan. SO, 11 a m.
: S. S. MARIPC3A. for TaalU. Feb. H, 13OV
C0X?A6XIS 6Z2TS1UX.S TIU531TI,lSTI32i
i DIRECT UNG TO HAVKK-PARli '•^•mSm
SaiUns evtry Thursday instead oC Jattgfa
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. Irom Pier 42. — =rr-
Ncrth Klver, foot of Morten street. ¦ •
First clasa to Havre. $71) and up-ward. ?*>
¦ *nd ctass to Ha vie. "$45 a>nd upward. . CKS-
ERAL ACENCT t"OR CNITKI* STATES AS?
CANADA. 32 Broa.iway (HwS»oa EaUdir.sV
New York. J. F. KUGAZ1.* CO.. Pariac c>"»**t
Agents.- & Montgcraenr krwiur.'SM Frandscot
Tlfke'ts *o!iS t-T *U RaHfoad Tlolhrt A srmts.
Steamer GEN. FUlSRIj: rr MONTiCXLLfv-.
»:43 a. m.. U:13 »-,i Si3rt p. m_ esc*pt jr :±y.
Sun !a>. 9:43 *. ra., S: SO i>. so. Uave VfcUeM
I -a. m., I2:^O *rJ 6 j>. ns,; ex. Sunday. . San-
t*.j. 1 «. bb.. «:1» p. tsu Far*.- 5* ttsu. T»l.
Maia '.:CS- Ptar 2. SUastoa-sU dock. HATCH
£RO&Killed Eagle With Hoc.
Mrs. Matthew Strickerz, wife of a
Codington County farmer, killeti a large
eagle with a hoe. The bird attempted
to steal a chicken and in striving to
escape a dog it became entangled in
a wire' fence, where it was killed by
the farmer's wife. The eagle was one
of the largest ever captured in South
Dakota, measuring about seven feet
from tip to tip. It will be mounted
and ?ivcn a piace c-T honor In the
Ftrickerz household.— Sioux, Falls Trib
une
The new. Springfield rine is probably
the mosW effective military arm in the
world. At a distance of fifty feet it
penetrates! - fifty-five one-inch pine
boards placed one inch apart: V-';--v^. ... ¦'.
DOVER, Del., Jan. —.—The Newcas
tle Presbytery decided to-day to try
Rev. R. A. Elwood of "Wilmington,
Del., on charges in connection with the
preaching of a sermon by him last June
en. .tied "Should the Murderer of Helen
Bishop* Be Lynched?" The trial will
take place in the Presbyterian church
at Newcastle on- February 2.
The complaint against" Mr. Elwood is
t" the sermon so aroused the popu
lace that- the next night a mob gath
ered, stormed the Workhouse, took out
George White, a negro, who confessed
to having brutally murdered beautiful
Helen-Bishop, and burned him to' death
at the stake.
' LONDON', Jan. 19.— At the annual
dinner to-night of the Canada Club, at
which Lord Strathcona* presided and
whore the guests included Sir James
Ritchie, Lord Maytfr of London; Lords
Duncannon, Hillingdon and Litchfield.
Sir Rivers Wilson and others. Colonial
Secretary Lyttelton -ruffled the feelings
of the Canadians present by uphording
in a speech, Lord Chief Justice Alver
stone's. recent ruling in the Alaska
boundary case. . .
The Duke- erf Marrborough.; Under
Secretary "of State for the Colonies,
spoke a little later, arid succeeded in
restoring a better feeling. He recalled
his visit. to Canada,- paid a tribute to
the Canadians for ' the' love of -the late
Queen Victoria and mentioned his per
sonal experiences,^ in South Africa,
where, he said, he. witnessed the brav
ery and respurcef ulness of the Cana
dian troops.
Colonial Secretary's Reference
to Alaskan Boundary De
cision Has Disturbing Effect
This is an eloquent expose of the dis
tinction between law as a science and
law us a practice. It would appear to
many observers after a visit to our
courts of to-day that our Jurists are
spending more time over the practice
than the science of law, and hence that
much of the moral grandeur and intel
lectual harmony of the latter is lost.
Should we not be careful not to degrade
the practice of law into a "mere art of
casuistry, and chicanery," which our
lawyers elaborate, as Blackstone says,
"With a skill the most amazingly arti
ficial, but -which serves no other pur
pose than to. show, the vast powers of
the . uman intellect, however vainly or
preposterously employed?"— Brooklyn
practice of Law.
In Cicero's "Treatise on the Laws"
Marcus is asked by Atticus hi3 opin
ion respecting the nature of law, and
part of the answer is as follows: "We
have had many great men in Rome,
who have made it their profession to
expound it to the people, and explain
its doctrines "and practice. But
though they professed to be acquaint
ed with its majestic theory, they were
rather familiar with its minute .tech
nicalities. What can be grander or
nobler than jurisprudence? or what
can be more insignificant or quibbling
that the practice of lawyers? — nec
essary as it is for, the people. Xot
that I think that those Wjho adopt this
profession are- altogether ignorant of
the principles of universal legislation;
but they are fat more attentive to civ
il law, which gives them a hold on the
interest of people. Are then the sub
lime and recondite principles of ju
risprudence less necessary or less "use
ful?
Certainly not. • • • You ask me
not to write treatises on the rights of
common sewers and partition walls
(stillicidlorum ac parietum), and to
compose forms . of stipulations and
judgments. . These have been already
most ' diligently prepared by clerks in
office, and are decidedly lower than the
topics which you expect me to discuss."
Cicero's Exposition of the Distinction
Between the Science and the
LEGAL INFORMATION
FOR THE PEOPLE
Sequel to the Burning at the
Stake of the Fiend Who
Murdered Miss Helen Bishop
RESTORES GOOJ) FEELING
PRESBYTERY TAKES ACTION
Gas heaters, formerly $4-30. now S2.5O-,
at San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, 415 Post street. •
Delaware Pastor to -Be Tj-ied
on Charge That He Incited
a Mob to Lynch a Negro
Marl borough. Undoes Blunder
of Lyttelton That Ruffled
Canadians "at a Banquet
Xo le«s than 111 officers of the British
army have Qualified as interpreters in
the Russian language, eighty-thr-e of
whom belong to the Indian service.
DUKE DISPLAYS
PLEASING TACT
MUST ANSWER
FOR A SERMON
It seems that the hippopotamus is to
be exterminated. It is hardly probable
that the hippopotamus will enjoy this,
but it will be a good thins for man
kind, accordins to the London Globe.
The Intelligent constantly " attacks
boats, fields and gardens, and :" what
he does not eat," says an authority, "he
sits on." Xow he is himself to be sat
on. , "We trust that those In charge of
Extinction of the Hippopotamus
the campaign will remember the ad
vice of one of our foremost naturalists,
and "shoot the hippopotamus with bul
lets made of platinum." For if they
use the other kind his hide will surely
flatten 'em. — New York Tribune.
An the general dismissed his men
and would not go until next morning
after his cafe au lit. Of course, whfcn he
reached his destination the liberals had
flown and he was deprixed of his glo
rious victory by a miserable spoonful
of milk. — Chicago Inter Ocean.
Perez had not been a general long,
but he wanted milk in his coffee,
weheras nine Colombians out of ten are
content with black coffee. There was
no milk. The cows are kept three or
four hours' Journey out of town, and,
of course, milk cannot be kept over
night in that tropical climate. The ho
tel folk figured that the milk could not
arrive before* 11 o'clock.
The general fumed and fretted. Some
of his officers suggested that he had
better start without the milk or the
enemy would escape, but he said it was
impossible to fight on black coffee. He
sent a soldier post haste to fetch the
milk and then another after him to
hurry him up. Meanwhile the army
stood in the broling sun for hours,
awaiting the order to march. It was
nearly noon when the messengers re
returned.
"No milk," they reported.
"Caramba! Then I won't march till
to-morrow." - '
The troops were lined up at that hour
outside the hotel and the general
strutted to and fro, waiting for his
coffee and telling everybody what ter
rible things he was going to do to the
enemy. But a complication arose.
The latest revolution in Colombia had
many farcical features. ; One of the fun
niest of these was the incident of the
general who would not fight without
his milk.. General Perez was In com
mand of the Government troops at Call.
One day news arrived that the Liberals
had captured a neighboring town. Perez
was ordered to start with his army at
7 o'clock n*xt morning to attack them.
He went to the barracks, made a patri
otic speech to the soldiersand told them
to parade at the appointed hour. Then
he sauntered into the Hotel America,
Cali's finest restaurant, and ordered
coffee for 6:30 in the morning.
Screw His Courage Up to the
Fighting Point..
Colombian General Needed Milk to
THE HUMOROUS SIDE
OF A REVOLUTION*
Blair was dismissed by former Com
missioner Folks, but the Court of Ap
peals decided that inasmuch as he was
e veteran the dismissal was illegal. He
took office again under the McClellan
administration.
The bill further alleges that Blair,
on getting this amount, failed to live
up to the stipulation and that Walms
ley, who was formerly a merchant of
San Francisco, is now a pauper in Cin
cinnati, having been sent there by
Blair.
j NEW YORK, Jan. 19. — Suit for res
titution of property was brought to
day against George Blair, superintend-
I ent of the Bureau of Dep'endent Adults
I of the -Department of Charities. In a
j bill of equity filled to-day in the United
States Circuit Court it is alleged that
j Blair while superintendent, prior to his
j dismissal some months ago by former
' Commissioner Homer Folks, secured
I the transfer of cash and property
amounting to about $25,000 from Rob
ert Walmsley, an aged and mentally ir
responsible man, to him, with an un
derstanding that Blair should provide
for Walmsley for the remainder of his
life.
"I know that Blaise was with him,
for I recognized his'picture which was
shown me after he was dead. I have
a very good memory of faces. Blaise
seemed to be frightened at the actions
of Soeder and did not utter a word.
He had come into- the hall before with
Soeder, but never boucht a drink. I
never saw him dfsplay any money and
do not believe the poor fellow had a
cent."
"Spot," with whom Soedcr used to
go, was found in the Cascade saloon
and dance hall at 513 Pacific street. She
said her name was Maria McDonald,
and she professed not to remember Soe
der.
The poiice are still working along the
lines that a conspiracy existed between
Solder and others to kill Blaise after
they had taken out all the insurance
on his life that they, were able. Chief
Wittman has received more telegrams
and cablegrams from insurance com
panies in the East and Europe.' These
mpFsages tell of the existence of an in
surance swindling ring in this city.
"About a week before the murder
Soeder, Blaise and another man came
into the dance hall. They got three of
the girls and proceeded to order drinks.
They had been here but a few minutes
when Soeder wanted the girls to go
out with them. "When I refused to al
low this he became very angry and used
the vilest language. I ordered him out
of the house apd as he backed up the
stairs I followed him to see that he
left. "While he was on the stairs he
I drew a gun and pointing it at me said
•I've a good mind to kill you.' I ran
back into the dance hall and grot a
couple of men. When they went out to
got Soeder he was gone, i did not com
plain to the' police because the drawing
cf a gun is of frequent occurrence
here.
"That was the last I saw of Soeder."
BLAISE HAD XO MOXEY.
So«der was 'well known among the
people who infest the low dives, dance
halls and saloons along Barbary Coast.
I Kate Edington, known as "Spanish
} Kitty," proprietress of tne Strassburg
' dance hail, at 901Vi Kearny street, has
! known Soeder for fourteen years. She
I told yesterday of his pulling a revolver
on her in her dance hall about a week
before the murder o£ Blaise was com
mitted.
"I know the man ¦well and immedi
i ately recognized him by the pictures
published in the ¦papers." she said. "I
have known him for fourteen years.
He used to go with a woman whom the
girls in the dance halls knew by the
name of 'Spot.' He was always to, be
found around the saloons and halls In
this part of town.
The men did not see Salomon, but
left word with his clerk that they would
return in the morning and tell their
story. The men are believed to be
Joseph Rose and Thomas Thompson,
whom Alexander Campbell, who Is act
ing with Salomon for Soeder, has been
defending in the Police Court. Yester
day their cases, the nature of which
is not known, came up for hearing in
Judge Cabaniss' court and a contin
uance was granted for ten days at the
request of CampbelL The continuance
papers merely stated that for good and
sufficient reasons the case would go
over. The papers were signed by John
Greif. County Clerk.
Campbell made the statement that
Rose and Thompson were needed for
the defense in the Soeder hearing,
which comes off a week from to-day.
It is believed that the attorneys ex
pect to disprove by Rose and Thomp
son some of the evidence that has been
gathered against Soeder Dy the police.
KXO\VX IX THE DIVES.
Soeder's friends have already begun
to form his line of defense. Yesterday
evening two men called at the office of
Attorney Salomon, in the Parrott build
ing, and said they would be ready when
the time came to swear that Soeder was
elsewhere than in the neighborhood in
which the crime was committed at the
time that Blaise is supposed to have
been killed.
The King woman has not yet been
brought face to face with Soeder, and
says that she never knew him by that
name. None of the girls knew him as
Soeder. Teresa King introduced Can
non to Soeder at the latter's request for
some one to do something for him.
ALIBI BOBBIXG UP.
.Two new witnesses were discovered
yesterday by the police. They are girls
employed In the O. K. saloon dance
halL One is named Rosa Kirk and, the
other goes by the name of Elsia. Both
when shown the picture of Soeder posi
tively verified the statement made by
Teresa King that Soeder was In the sa
loon drinking "with her an hour after
the time the murder is supposed to
have been committed.
The first identification of Soeder that
has been made was obtained yesterday
from Frank Cannon, the man Soeder
wanted to hire t*»burn down Miss Flat
ley's house. Cannon was taken to the
prison by a Call representative and
stated that Soeder was the man who
had made the proposition to him to fol
low Miss Flatley. "1 am positive that
he Is the man," said Cannon, "and I
should like to see him fully dressed.
Then I would swear to it."
The police for some unknown reason
have not as yet had the accused man
identified by any of the people who
have given damaging evidence against
him.
The Electicn Committee of the House
Trill hear argument to-morrow on the
!av governing the rejection of ballots
ir. California- Congressman Lavernash
r.i'.l argue his own case.
This, however, does net complete the
recount. The committee has 2041 Kahn
ballots which were, in self-defense, at
tacked by the contest ee. There are
697 Livemash ballots withheld to be
passed upon later by the committee.
NEW YORK, Jan. 1?.— The Journal
has the following from Washington:
The contest of Julius Kahn for Con
gressman Livernash's seat is soon to
b" considered. Mr. Kahn seeks to have
rejected certain ballots on which his
successor vt-as voted for in both the
Union Labor and Democratic columns
and counted as one vote by instruction
of election officials cf San Francisco.
The ballots have been segregated by
the Electicn Ccmsiittee cf the House
of Representatives. Under technical
rull&ra Kaha'g attorney has not buc
ceeded In bavin* enough Llvernash
vc:es throvra out to overcome the lat
ttr'm p!ural!ty. Kahn's contest now
rests upon the rejection cf 62" ballots
en which LJvercash Tvas voted for in
the Union Labor and the Democratic
col-nins.
This afternoon the Electicn Commit
tee ceirpleted the preliminary eegrega
ticn cf all ballots with this result: Liv
err-ash ballots rejected, 1073; Kahn bal
lots rejected^ 1020.
The rejected ballots represent illegal
votes which were within the court
rtllnps cf California, by which votes
are excluded for improper marking by
voters. By this process of elimination
Kahn, oa the face cf these figures, ob
tained a rejection of 43 more votes
than Llvernash.
Special Dispatch to The Ca.'.l
Official Is Declared to Have
Swindled Robert Walmsley, a
Former Merchant of This City
Arguments on the Scope of
California's Law Will Be
Presented bv Counsel To-Day
Companies Notify Chief Witt
man That Insurance Swind
ling Gang: Is 'Operating Here
fourth district contest
KING EXISTS IX THIS CITY
AGED MAX IS THE VICTIM
Superintendent in Xew York
Department of Charities Is
Accused of Sharp Practice
With Mistakes dt Voters
in San Francisco Election
House Committee Ktrusrjrlihjr
Identifies Prisoner as the 3Ian
"Who "Wanted Him to Burn the
House Miss Flatlev Lived In
CANNON VISITS
SOEDER IN JAIL
MANY BALLOTS
SHOW ERRORS
BLAIR FACES
GRAVE CHARGE
. ¦ ¦ -¦,- . - - ,.,. v- - - --¦-¦- ¦• . ¦ ¦
THE . SAX FRANCISCO tALL. WEDNESDAY. .JANUARY 20, 1904.
It has just been discovered 'that
Emerson found his greatest inspira
tion in the warm glow of a cranberry
pie.
5
a mother should be a source of joy to . all; but the suffering and,
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother'* Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity ; this hotw which is dreaded as woman's
seTerest trial is not only made painless, b»t all the danger is avoided
by its use. ThoWwho use this remedy are no longer .despondent or
gloomy ; - nerrousness," nausea and other : 'distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready : for; the coming event, and tho
serious accidentsso common to the critical - -^ _ ¦
hour are obviated by th© use of Mother's Bfl jvftfrK lin^O
Friend. ••It is worth its weight in gold," |f|||l|||^I jk
says • many who; have, used it. $i.oo per If I V 8 11VI v! Cr.
bottle at /drug stores. . Book containing .1 '
valuable infqrmation of interest to all women; will §pB^fl4feWfe4fl
be sent to any addrew free upon application to 1 iS^BH«l
BRADFIEW REGULATOR GO* Ati*ata, Q*u H I IVIl^i
ADVEBTISEMENT&
A CONTIXUAL DRAG.
The Exact Term.
Only those who have experienced
th% pain and suffering incident to
Piles or Hemorrhoids can know what
a drag and handicap this complaint j
1*: how even the mildest forms hinder
the f^atiem from putting forth his or
her best efforts, while those afflicted
•n-ith bleeding and protruding piles re-
alize all the tortures of the Inquisi-
tion.
- It may surprise the reader to know
that there Is a sure, permanent cure
for this disease, as the following tes-
timony from Mr. E. A. Leonard, an
American resident in the City of Mex-
lv», mill show:
"For twenty years I suffered with
piles, sometimes being confined to my
tv?d fcr days at a time. The relief re-
ceived from doctors, both in the Unit-
ed States and Mexico, was temporary,
. and more frequently I received no re-
lief; other medicines had no effect.
It rrajs a continual drag. I vas fit for
nothing. I finally tried Pyramid Pile
Cure; first application was magical;
.1 could not believe I was awake next
morning; I experienced a relief that
I had not known for twenty years.
One box cured me; but not believing
myself cured. I bought two more, but
they are fctill in my trunk. I first
used the remedy in July, 1902; HAVE
HAD SO OCCASION TO USE IT
FINCE. The world should know of
Pyramid Pile Cure. I have no words
to express its merits."
Pyramid Pile Cure is In the forin ]
of a suppository, which is admitted
.by all physicians to be the best prep-
cration for treating piles; it comes in
direct contact with the painful tu-
mors and does ife work quickly and
painlessly. It is sold by druggists,
generally for 50 cents a package, and
there is no other remedy "just as
good."
Write Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich., for thrir little book on the
causes and cure of piles, which is sent
fr»e for the asking.
VEERS
f; Th* Highest Priced but ' |
' the Bt.t Qualltj. |
I SOLO EVERYWHERE, |
R^ Paciflc Co««t Ar*Et». £
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
VBUSEUH OF AMATOHY^
' \ ' "* L"e«« AmMttaaati Mosesai m lk« \
t4 jwj.j* iiil m> "' -i Vr rtfc*rrn*ri or wy cra,Tictt<l Q
• jV*~ fi^i ' -"f p*aUi«ri? rmrm* fj th' oldett T
IKjH a -=*-i«t oa *<• Coir. E»t 3« t ««*• 9
P iff*\ z? >- J2SCAN-DISEASES Or MEN A
C t y£fc U '"•¦' r " rt v*rv,r*: r «t by !r-ter. A M
\ fi a rt B '"'"' VinimtTOHBtalika. T
Ot* I 110 ¦¦• -> w r.'*ii. FWLOftopay «r i
H It* S4KBMCE. WAtLXS FltXS. ( A f
A U 11 »»n;»b.« brek tor lr»r.) : - Jk
4f DO- J«BIU>4«o.ra M*rk*t!<t..S. F. V
G-^±S m i*S m *y^S m m^^ -^ <^.
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>-9 KCAKXT 8T. EstabTMird
1*^ !r 1 " I>3 * '¦•>' '¦¦'¦" '•'. a::!:#:it <.f fiivRtf
En^KJagT D-*rf«. I>^t M»nno.^J. r^hiiity or
HHBiWEy •> :^u« «-«irin»on hodr and mirxi ant)
-^>V}ffpi* r xl»":h«T« fa*,. Try >-'m. I -tuiTgr* Inw.
era a ran •*¦«¦«]. CuKm ¦wnie.
. 9r. J. *'. UIBBOX, axa Fraaciaco. Cai.
THE EMPORIUM j . THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM.
$ Dotted Swiss IOC Protected by our money-Back _ guarantee Remnant SUifS _
ft? tmt _*«- mis +* y m Y° u ia^ e no* chances in buying here. Anri fi *****:«: f*nnff*z
J. Worth 15c a Yard x - ' . - ¦ J7 ifress uoons
| Sale To-Day Only ' Y7^ One-Quarter Off
*£ _, . .• n - . '. , - -ff/ J%b • A * * A 'new assortment of silk and
» 36-mcn^^ urapery Mms — A good J£rf &Jfai^M^ Jfa/^Y' M t M fr&f dress 20ods remnants « in bIa f k
\ sreen" dots suitable fcT sash $^Jr/4^C/£jf£/^i/^ fe^fe^mon^them'and some
i Hr.rf^; pfr T W^ CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- f ,¦¦¦ ' very choice len 2 ths of dress
J ; draperies etc regularly i5c __«- *BS£8B^^^^^^ ' goods, suitable for skirts and
u ¦ a yard, Wednesday fftg*. -^ffl^M^^^^^^M ERICA'S GRAN DESTSTORE, dresses, to-day only f a
B only ...... .,•.¦#€*!» | "3HW" . ....... ."../4 **"
I Eiderdown Sacttues] Women's Stylish Neokwear SI.VO Pictures 27c
* 7 S At^ c sirt^ 3a One-Third off Regular Prices I^Z^J^ZZ^
g JUG, hoc, 91.1U, 91.39 Sale Of an Importer's beautiful colored types, repro-
»; Th ; » sale is for Wednesday only: ggg - Sample Line Begins To-Day " ductions of celebrated European
| %SiW™$$™^$^ m^§5m • The balance of an importing jobber's rfntings; such subjects as the
I 3^3§SS! . : . 78C holiday lines and his beautiful new sam- GI 5 an "-. « f te l Br ,f t0 "- r °" na
»; $i.i 5 au-wooI Ed=rdowa Sacqur S _ so id '^^?^SS-_— -a P lcs of silk and chiffon neckwear, con- and Child. Raphael, Chi.dren
» coicr,. «uch .i light or d.rk red,, peas, s j sting of stocks and j abots in the very of Henry I., after \ an Dyck,
I bha«, tans and ad ro K , wtm kindin,, frog- [Mm\ W^T^A *** ««''?« » bbek. whit,, cr N m. pmfe. bT« and etc., etc.
* on= with coii v applied in Lck, the • fcr ffi ' \\\ V 7« { X £[ ° et p «. >. .. 1C¥CS \ tft - black or brown mats, 2 inches
5' with edges fin'ihsd »irhY. itched uto binds, 1 1 I'M l\\\ \ /"• 1*I\ > Ice stvlei ' " ' BOO i'co ttv « ' * Si2S Wide » 3nd nlteIy b ° Und in black »
Lf < fileF An e w ; »; ; * • ; I S1m1 ° III i'-.'S*** '• \ 65o $**$ «tV ; «: \si.50 making a picture 14x20 inches,
* «L™ZtilZ£?i lcke ? l r^ ///// |U\\®IUJ^L i«.«serfci- • -75o * s .6s-.t>... .51.75 full value for on sale
t* with pocket ana tr:mmed with wiie bands or II II I \ \ \ vStSLSs^&MW «, .- «»vIm on. <- «« «r^'»» «o nn . j i V
| .urchin, ,a-e price . . $f. 3 9 .11 WM^* - \\^l. I SUCO twl V * «* . .^7 O
i ITT T ,,„ nw% JS//|Il 62 Sample Pieces Beautiful ' ''
£ Want a $15.00 Mm W^ Imported Capes and f§& RutlS S2.5O
I Dressing Tabie ™ WM \ ] Stoles P at ExaotlP Half Price ZZ^Z^flZ^tl
¦ f Or y £Q 4S - We add to tne above sale to-day all thtt remuns of a large import order ot 1*30,5=0 3 6-:nch, al wool, Snjni roS j
ti " ' *^W*"*^ silk capes and *to!ej in b'sck, black and white -and white and b'.ack, a: ha'f in choice floral ani Prraan d«Ig as, regoLiny
t* ~ ? im\m\ 1 h^, rcgu ; ar prices, which^^^ were $2.50 to J 2 7, to-day -$1.25 to $t3.50 £«y™ h «* f 4 «<> cach> «O ff£|
I I ™ The Flannel Sale Dollar Sale To-Day
I j§\ M%>>. This week, while quantity lasts, 50c kinds Groceries and LittUOrs
J fy \jLBmm )«~gs xffK 15c kinds 3c, etc. You may never again have a _
J -j«^K_^L <^g^L flannel-buying chance like this. 10-aay and Thursday these wonder-
*' y^^^^^^^^^^^ fancy Waisting?- Atcu: io,coo French Flannels - In soU colors, f ul bar^ain^ in th a np-^^siri 3^ n c lit>'
J W&S^SSSMSSE&ll y»rf» ot " *««> ™*™ «* : & * tum ani f " ney woven i::i?;s ' = ne^esbdnebo. me.
V **k 'wahdnp. sorr., »tin strip,,, all a11 W ° j1 ' ™''«J°-J°' » B«t E.stfm Rolled Oats- 35 Ibt for. . . A
fc" K7 18 vard, dunn» tnu sale *9iE*^*. ¦> a #- .. . JtHa
U ' Wl H desirabh for spring wear; this ' «9C$ C Carolina Htad Rice— 1 5 \':t for.. . . JS&a
£ B T^S^ n w«k on special wle, yard . #2c Wiistinj tnd Wrapper Flanntls— ' New Jl "« «•- J«IJ«ej- 7 i-lb jars for ... -^¦^
?> H u u -L. t 11 j ci 1 In fiacv weave, Gc:man eider- Beans - Small whit: or pea. 2; :bs. for.. . . 'I
I I I Htavy-^ht Tw.n.d Flannel- jown , « c ., etc .' ; waie sI5ghdr CHOICE TEAS-Er^h Breakfast. Oo^ P
Km § AU wool, tn Kack, teal brown, imprriict (brokea Ibes); none or Uacolored Japan, 3 1b . fcr.. . .' ll rJ
t" 1 I natural cream, navy, etc^ the worth Uu than ijcayar^bu: Klhbitt - % Bm| Unnd^ 5o ",*. \ in ' I | J
J- ¦ \^ 5CC kind; dur:ng this / f%€Jf*r% {or r " a sl '-» ?' our c " o:ce d tT% for If %i *3
it . • ia*uz4~ f-f«---# r> • Tomato Catsup -Smifr'j, Hrr.z'icr B!iT |«S
fc* Thii Handsome Dining Tabe-in god-n Ouin^ Flannels— Th: soliilv wot- WMlO tianneiS — Uzux- Lable; pint', 5 bctt es for flfi iSS
j; qumer sawed c>< ..imitation mahogany or en cuaity.for underwear, nigh:- Jj£ "* Pine App!c-Eura Sinjapor.-, rtte .'.cri " t ll £|1
t andvervartistica-lv design- ** A Wmm d«irab' e coloring, and -9 4Oc-32-lnch kind . 32O Coff t C-B«t Jara or M<xha, 3 .,' :»,. . . . Bl B^fl
* ed,wor:hSi5.o3, to-iiy.%p%ymmf%^ styes, yard m** 30c -27-inch kind . 24c Ex ' ra Standard Fruib-Ful aaoranent, f|| WM
I Sales Glassware To Immediately Close Z^T-zLX:^ „, / 1 1
i La m PS , Pitchers, Winter MiStinery s££l^^\ ;„ : ; : : ; Uii
If etCm Ladle*' Trmmed Hats, o ijinally 54.50 to $9.00, now $2,65 Santa Clara Prune*— 20 R>3 U j
%* $1.00 Glass Bowls— 10 inches d'a:n:ter, fin; Ladies* Trimmed Hat?, ttrisinally J 7.00 :o |l :.oo, now $3.95 A*fi CUret-3 gallons for fUllf I
V imitation of cut jlass, suitable tor punch Miss;i" and Ladies" Ready-to- \V:ar Hits up to «i. 5c, now SOC Orange Oder— Pure, 7 bottlfs SHw I
% , bowls or ora'.gM, on sale Wedncs- Indira' and M^a" R:ady-tc-\Vcar Si. 50 to f4-5=- now -$/-OO Kentucky Bourbon— Half ga 1 . bottle f^r . . Hr Is'l
?• dav, only Z3Z3C ¦ _ . '.. ltfv .. „ . . Ill B£§1
5> • . ., — ¦ — - — -— t^ .^^— _ » _ — .mm — _i _^_ £ x ra Tiblt Vihjt* W me — 2. ga ». tor . . . I'll l^-A
f» 50c Glass Limp — With German Student : ±- _ -^ . r * ir j d 1," j' o t. I"- 1
] Belt ¦¦Buckles and Sets I
I TWn" Blown W Tumbler,- W.t^fefr / 2OC tO 6OC &BCfo S" jl^ ""^"2; [3
I : - - * A large assoFiment of sou^nwhbkyl^booie,,: ¦', '. [ vi;. hi
$ day only, set of 6 34o /$£§$ prettily designed Novelty Belt Tipo Chianti — la wicker fcaskets, 3 f.;."^|
J 43c Vase — xo-inch colored giau, preaiiy Buckles and Belt Sets— head^, lor - • • . j \" m
fi decorated, on u!e to-day, only. .. .^/O ¦ ftl^SS^W medallions, grapes, cherries, etc.. Sweet Win«s-$i. 50 quaCty, port, sherry j f^j
*: 40c Cream Pitcher- Decorated ch: n a, good in French gray, black metal and „ or "•?"' x^ tjr y ij^
£- «hapc and nzt, on sal: to - day . only, 1H t"ni<;h?" " Utopia Uin^er Ale — icfaottlfi. .....
X each ............ .2OG ' goia imisnes. Gold Seal Chimpasnt- 2 pints . .... | '& ••!
$ 15c Preserve DIsh-An exce'Jmt imitation cut Sale Pearl Buttons To-Day— Perfect gOOdS, fine -quality p ort or Sherrv-43c bottlej 4 for ftM
I %iX%;:'^' o:i ". d; : bi .°?^ it^\;:u;: : ci:4 : b "'.': o ': h .'?'.': rdi w : todi -- go . : : : : J^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
& - -S
1 SEE THE PICTURES |
S .... v
S • • •
I in 'Eastern. Asia I
§ o
§ The Most Thrillingly Vivid Picture Yet Preaated of the §
?| . Arena of the Coming Conflict Between Japan and Russia. X
1 SUNDAY CALL |
O", . ¦ ' §
O* - v
P . Watch for the Solution of the Mystery g
I of the Man^Who Won Judith's I
§ Heart in "Crittenden." |
| I THE UNKNOWN MAN T |
g . ifr TROY ALUSON. *
8 ¦¦¦¦•• ¦- x . • "~ - - . .§
1 IGENTLEARTOF FOOLING] g
S ¦ : BY* HELEN MATHERS , | <>¦
I MR. GRAY'* RIVAL I
S * ?% : "' BY ELIZA ORPsfiE WHITE. 6
| Don't Miss the Beautiful Full Page |
§ New Multiple Color Photograph <%MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE AND TRIBUNE
INDORSE CALL FOR PUBLISHING ALAMEDA
COUNTY NEWS FOR ALL THE PEOPLE
WASHINGTON. J*n.Itt._On motion of Son :
¦tor Daniel the l^natr to-day udoHM a £»"
lutlon calling «n «be 6ctr#-tary of Bute for de.
UU^lnforauLUon <x*c*r D »* the itcd C ro*.
Banquet of Knights of Royal Arch.
OAKLAND, 'Jan. ,19.— The second
annual banquet, of- Oakland Lodge No.
3, Knights of the Royal Arch, will be
held" ; at Maple' -Hall : on" Wednesday
evening, January 20. It is expected
thata large number of members will
attend.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.— The. Board of
Education'! has deferred action on the
call for a school bond election ; until
next Monday night.-, It is expected
that .the will arrange, date
for the election in • harmony /with the
time chosen" by the. Council for; the
general improvements bond call.
Delay School Bond Election.
• BERKELEY, Jan. 19.— C.*- Christen-"
sen, a contractor, was allowed his'claim
of $2019 to-night by the Board of Edu
cation. It" had been withheld oh the
"charge that Christensen had employed
Japanese labor on a public -school build
ing.. Town A"ttorney ; Hayne M decided
that the law prohibiting Chinese labor
on public buildings did not ' include
Japanese.
Japanese Not % Barred.
Und Stolen Ferry Tickets.
OAKLAND. Jan. • 19.— C. Verdon
«ft)d Frank Schmidt, employed by the
Sunset Telephone Company, found
7©0 Southern Pacific ferry tickets this
morning in a doorway of Welch's
hardware etore. Brush street and San
Pablo avenue. The tickets were turn-'
cd over to tho police. It ia supposed
the coupons are a part of 3000 tick
et* that were stolen January 4 from
the West End station, Alameda.
Get Three Jurors In Fischer . Case.
; BERKELEY, Jan. 19.— The second
trial»of-Sam Fischer, the West Berke
ley saloon- man charged with disturb
ing the peace of E. E. , Newton; who
was assisting at a "rummage sale,"
began this morning in Justice Ed
gar's court Out of a panel of sixty
talesmen, three' jurors were secured
before adjournment. The jury 'dis
agreed in the first' trial of this case.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.— The. follow
ing divorce suits were begun to-day:'
Martha Hand vs. George. Hand, fail
ure to provide; Nicholas Karmen vs.
Jessie Karmen, * extreme cruelty; Sa»
rah Surface vs. Joseph Surface, deser
tion; Matheus da Terra Vargos vs.
Julia 'da Terra Vargos,- desertion; ; An
na Lefleux -vs., Jules Lefleux, habitual
intemperance. .. t - ;
Divorces Filed.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.— Julius Jorgen
sen, the Danish absconder, who. was
arrested in thts city, has been con
victed in the courts of Denmark and
sentenced to one year's imprisonment.
By the 'laws of * Denmark his' term
commenced at Ihe time he was taken
Into custody and the year is already
nearly up, so that in a few months he
will again be at liberty.
Johanna, Muller, who accompanied
Jorgensen in his flight from Denmark,
is still in this city waiting for. Jorgen
sen to return, which he promised td
do as soon as he was released from
prison.
Embezzler Who Was Arrested in This
City Is Found. Guilty in the '
; VT '* Danish Court.
1 Probable Increase.
Te«r«. •- :
Population. PerCent. Increase.
laso H sm.sra 20 34,977
lMl) 174.SS8 20 - 29.U8
1930 143.74O : 25 29.14S
1920 116.KK! 30 26,80«
iflio fta.em . :a 227*6
1900 60,960 .,
. I Possible Mfxlmum Increase.
Years. " -___
Population. PerCent-IIncreafe.
1850 .'KKMI99 37^5 89 754~
19*0 223.3491 j 37.5 05*275
1030 174.<t«t 37.5 47,475
l»20 I2Q.S04 37.5 - 34.526
IfilO J»2,O7O 37;5 25 110
VMJtt W.8flO ( ..;...
The report in detail covers Expert
Fitzgerald's investigations that led him
to decide that the project was an im
practicable one.
ABSCONDER JORGENSEN
'SENTENCED TO ONE YEAR
: OAKLAND, Jan. -19.— The offer of
the dredging company which is now at
work in Oakland harbor to strengthen
the bulkheads and fill in a part of the
water park between ' Eighth and
Twelfth streets for the additional cost
of I pumping the material was consid
ered to-day at , a 'meeting of the com
mittee appointed by.' the Board of
Trade to look into the, matter and. a
resolution was adopted asking the City
Council to take action' toward i accept
ance of the dredging company's offer.
Committee Adopts . Resolution Asking
. Council to Take Action on Com
- pany's Offer.
BOARD OF TRADE WANTS
THE WATER PARK FILLED
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.— A verdict was
rendered by stipulation to-day in favor
of Millionaire Joseph Boardman in a
suit brought by James McKeon, a
former tenant of his. for $5000 damages.
In a statement prior to reading his in
structions to the jury Judge Ogden «aid
that he should "instruct the jury that
only nominal damages could be award
ed. Attorney Chapman, for the plain
tiff, said that under thosje circum
stances he would rather the defendant
got the verdict? for then the costs ; of the
suit would have to. be. paid, by the, one
gaining It. . . ' ,
This was accepted by Attorney D. M.
Delmas, and without leaving the- box
the Jury was instructed- to bring in a
verdict according to the stipulation.
McKeon, AVho*Sued Him for $5000,
Escapes Payment of Costs by*
Losing Case. " . .
Former Councilman Wixson's" Case Is
, Dismissed In the Police Court on
, > Application of Complainant.
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.— The charge of
battery against J. S. -Wixson, former
City Councilman, was dismissed to
day in the Police Court at request of
H. Emig, the complainant.
. Emig, . who was a Bakers'; Union
picket in front of -Wixsoa's store,
claimed that Wixson hit him on the
head With an. ax ' handle. The case
against .Ernest Wixson,' the grocer's
son, who was also arrested on Emig's
complaint, will be dismissed when it
is called on February 2.
Emig made no explanation for his
action in causing the dismissal.- •¦- —•
BOARDMAN GETS VERDICT
UNDER A STIPULATION
UNION! PICK ITT WILL
NOT PROSECUTE GROCER
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County. Clerk to-day: Hampton
B. Smith, over 21, and Anna W. Ing
ham, over 18, both' of Oakland; Harry
F. Pickett, 22, Jacksonville. Fla... and
Florence S. Clark\ 18, Sacramento; Jo
seph Peters, 35, Pleasanton, and Anna
Deloras de Mello, 18, Haywards; Sam
uel Maliast, 39, and Mary Conway, 48,
both of Oakland;" Frank A. Neff. 22,
and Annie Medeiros, 18, both of, Oak
land; Eugene D. Pissis, over 21, San
Francisco, and Cora Ml Bonnemort,
ov« 18, Oakland; Morris Rosenberg,
26, Honolulu, and Gussie Kaufmann,
22, Oakland; George F. Chalmers, 35,
and Minnie E. Snyder, 25, both of
Niles.
Marriage Licenses.
Local Union No. 150 of the Carriage
and Wagon Workers has appointed
delegates to the Federated Trades
Council and installed the following of
ficers:
President, F. J. Boring; vice president, H.
Krusli; recording and corresponding secretary.
G Kennedys .financial secretary,' 1«. Charroux;
treasurer, Gus Seibt; sergeant-at-arma. J. Eu
ler; guide U. Zigler; trustee. J. Domes. The
delegates to the Trades Council are H. Barlow,
R Robain, Gus Belbt and G. Colsom. ¦
M G. Styles, president:- E. ¦ Congdon, vice
president; Arthur M. Neivers. recording eecre
tary P. V. S. Bartlett. financial secretary and
treasurer: F Lllienthal, warden; Louis L«
mar conductor; R. Smith, W. B. Josephs and
i \\. Dunbar, trustees; Martin Rogers and
Louis 1 Lemar, delcgales to the Central Labor
Council.
Tiano solo, Miss Lottie Inoz Smith; song, "It
Was the Dutch," by Little Joe; eong and
dance Mies Clara Gonxenbach: sons and dance.
Miss J McDonald; musical eketch. Miss Ger
trude Chappell: son*, "Up In the Cocoanut
Tree " Miss Stella McDonald; Spanish dance,
Miss Helga Nelson; dramatic recitation,' Mls«
Clara I>a Rcve.
The Laundry Workers' Union has
elected the following officers: .
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.— Local Union
No. 134 of the- barbers gave an enter
tainment and dance last night at Cal
ifornia Hall, at the annual installation
of officers. During the programme
Secretary Litzensteih. on behalf of the
union, presented President G. K.
Smith with a silver service of twenty
four pieces and a jrolrl mounted-meer
schaum pipe.' Following was tWe pro
gramme: . ¦
G. K. Smith Receives Handsome Gift
From. Barbers' Union — Lnundry
and Carriage Workers Install.
PRESENT THEIR PRESIDENT
WITH SERVICE OP SILVER
Mrs. Magee was taken ill on the
steamer, while going with Professor
AJagee to Stockton, where they' were
to take horses for an outing. This
occurred just after the college' closed
in December.* "She was treated by two
physicians in Stockton, but they were
unable t6 discover the cause of her
malady. Then as a last resort Dr., Mary
Bancroft of Berkeley was summoned
to treat her, and she advised removal
to the Waldeck, which was done imme
diately. ' Even the hospital physicians
could not diagnose- the case and an
operation was decided upon as the only
means of finding out the cause of the
patient's illness.
Professor Magee, overcome with grief
at his wife's illness, a long vigil at her
bedside and nervous prostration, faint
ed on the train *while going . to San
Francisco last night, i He was assisted
to the* boat by friends and laid upon
a seat, but was so Weak upon reaching'
the other side that he was carried "back
to Berkeley. He . recovered somewhat
from his indisposition' to-day, however.
" Mrs. Geneva E. Magee, assistant in
structor in physical culture at the Uni
versity of California and wife of Pro
fessor Walter E. Magee, lies critically
ill at the Waldeck Hospital in San
Francisco. She was taken to the hos
pital several 'days ago and an opera
tion was performed to-day, the result
of which the physicians, are unable to
foretell.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 19.
The body was taken to the local
Mprg.u_e, but lay all day, without any
one coming to identify it. It was poor
ly clothed, ' there being no undercloth
ing at all. There were simply over
alls and a coat and vest of cheap mate
rial. There was nothing in*the clothes
that might assist identification. At first
it was thought the man was Patrick
Murphy, a laborer out of work, but this
turned out to Be untrue.
There, are no marks of violence on
the person and death is supposed to
have been due to exposure.* An autopsy
will be held to-morrow morning. The
time for the inquest is not yet fixed.
On their way to the Sari Pablo School
this morning children came across the
dead body of -a man -lying across a
fence that skirts San Pablo avenue
near Holyoke street. Hundreds of peo
ple afoot, and on wagons had seen the
man, but thinking him intoxicated had
passed on without heeding him. The
school children tried to arouse the man,
but failing to'.d Edward White, an em
ploye of the Oakland Transit Company,
about him. White saw at once that
the man was .-dead, and notified the
Coroner.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. -19. .
School Children Find the Body
of a Poorly Dressed Man
While on Way to Lessons
Mrs. Magce, Physical' Culture
Instructor at University, Un
dergoes Operation and May Die
Assessment KolI,' ;:; Xiekel-in-the-Slot
1 M acli ihes ¦ and Forgery ¦ Cases Are^T
''• Being'" Investigated. *''-
OAKLAND, Jan. 19.— The ' Grand
Jury met this morning and had a va
riety of matters under investigation.
Assessor Henry P. Dalton was again
before the jury in regard to the al
leged changing of -the assessment roll.
Nothing definite, however, 'was arriv-.
ed at. .
Thomas Knox, Dr. Warner, George
Fitzgerald of Livermore, Larkin
•Laeh of Pleasahtbn and James Ram
age of Haywards were interrogated in
regard to the nickel-in-the-sl6t ma
chines in their towns.
Igrnacio Courtney, Deputy County
Clerk Breed, County Clerk Cook and
Leflh'Esrhiol were called in regard to
two forgery cases that are now being
investigated.
NOBODY COMES
TO NAME DEAD
GRAND JURY LOOKING < - : \ "*
- IXTO* MANY MATTERS
CASE PUZZLES
THE DOCTORS
BERKELEY. Jan. 19.— Professor W. S.
Ferguson r*ad a paper at the Semitic Seminar
this afternoon on -The Rise of the Post-
Exilic Jewish Community and of Early Jud a-
Um." The seminar met in North Hall at 4
The members of the committee. that so suc
cessfully arranged for the presentation^ of. the
football enow have all been decorated with
medal* N N E<3dy chairman of the com
mittee " received a gold medal, while Philip
Carey" Kobert Roos and Walter Boardman
were" given medals of oxidized silver.
The Siirma Xi will meet In South Hall at 8
o'clock on Wednesday. An address on The
Basin of ' the Upper Kern" , will be delivered,
bv Professor AndTew C. Lawson. It will be
illustrated with lantern elide picture*. -
The competition for the Grand Canyon trip,
which was opened to short story, writers by
The Blu, and Goia. win close on* Wednesday
B The° reception and dance to. be given by the
M5 men and women will take placejn Hearst
Ha!l on January 20. Tickets will be on dis,
tributlon at the co-operative store on' Thurs-
The' Associated Women Students will hold
a meeting at 11 o'clock on Wednesday In
North Hall Important business regarding
Women 1 ! day will be transacted
John Galen Howard, the architect for the
Hcarpt mining building, has accepted the torsos
sculptured by Robert L Altken. the San Fran
cisco Fculptor. The figures for the towels,
which are now modeled In clay, will be cast
into plaster and then used as models for the
St The funlor class will elect officers at 11
o'clock on Friday In North Hall. There are
a number of candidates for the places and a
girl is suggested for, the presidency.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
President Dornin has not selected his
special committee to name a city's ex
pert. The matter will be before the
Council next Monday night.
Expert Desmond Fitzgerald's 'report
on the Bay Cities' project is a docu
ment of 10,000 words. / He based his
premises on the theory that a well
regulated water supply should bV
planned for a period of at least fifty
years ahead. In this connection, he
presents the following tables of esti
mated growth in Oakland's population
for fifty years: - - •
To lease with an option of purchase
at a valuation to be fixed at this time
is, according to the committee's idea,
a sound business proposition,, based
upon the theory that the city will be
gainer by the increase in value of the
plant as population and vojume of busi
ness shall increase.
B — When legislation may be had under
which a municipality may make a bond issue
for property that in revenue yielding and
self-supporting without the necessity for in
«Su-T.n* Jt in the 15 p<*r cent leral limitation, or
C — Possibly legislation may be had permit
ting the ls«u<> nt municipal water bonds whose
principal And- interest could be guaranteed,
•Jid which would be considered, the .Eame as
district school bonds, n.- outside the legal lim-
Hetion «f 15 per cent.
. A lease with the option will admit of the
deferment of a water plant purchase until a
rccre opportune reason, viz:
.A — When the increase in the total assessed
valuation of city property will admit of the
lpfue of the amount of bonds found necessary
at the time, or
Objection was made to the purchase
of the plant at this time on the ground
that the money to be expended there
for could be raised later under more
favorable conditions. On this point the
committee says:
President Dingee's offer on behalf of
the Contra Costa Water Company car
ries two proposals. The first, to sell
outright at this time that portion of
th» plant which pertains to Oakland's
supply, has been rejected by the com
mittee in favor of the leasing plan.
Mayor Olney called attention to the
second proposition of the Bay- Cities
Water Company, which will be laid
before the City Council. The company
will submit a new statement provided
the Council will make a. long-term con
tract.
At Maj-or of the city and th* head of the
executive arm of the government it would be
entirely out of place for me to express an
opinion one way or another about the report.
I have not been consulted about It and do not
think it Is my province at this time to say
anythinir about the report. In due time I pre
sume the matter will reach me In an official
way.
The Bay CUies Water Company has
sent word to Mayor Olnry that it de
sires to submit a second proposition to
supply Oakland with water. In its
proposition the company proposes to
fix a definite rate by the million gallons
on a long-term contract basis. The
figure has not been announced.
Touching the report Mayor Olney said
to-day:
This brings into collateral view the
effect of an acquirement by Oakland of
the main source of supply with relation
to sister cities and the suburbs. Those
who are pressing the question of con
solidation see in the move an argument
for annexation and a drawing of closer
bonds of unity of interest among the
three cities and their suburbs.
Complete elimination of the Contra
Costa Water Company from the pol
itics of Oakland and the opportunity
to acquire -municipal control of a water
supply without the immediate expen
diture of $6,000,000 or thereabouts, are
the elements that have in large meas
ure controlled the special Council com
mittee in its recommendation to accept
the company's offer to lease, under op
tion to purchase, its plant to the city. .
Though it has been pointed out that
this move is not final in the effort to
gain a municipal water supply to the
city the Council has taken the first stop
touard adopting the report. It has
authorizf-d President Dornin to appoint
& special committee of three which
shall select the city's expert represen
tative «in a board of arbitration which
will find a valuation of the water com
pany's plant as a basis of operations.
Under the company's tender the offer
to sell or to lease includes that portion
of its plant essential to Oakland's sup
ply. The distributing systems of Berke
ley and Alameda and other sections
of Alameda County supplied from the
same source as Oakland are not in
cluded.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Jan. 1?.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley's seg
regation of the men and women in
his courses at the University of Cali
fornia is being persistently miscon
strued by the people interested and
heaps of real live coals are being let
down on his unfortunate head. Editors
all over the State are shying their pens
at him and other people not properly
"on the map" are saying things that
would not be called complimentary.
Miss Martha. Rice, president of the
senior class, does not -believe that co
education will suffer at Professor Gay
ley's hands, and in an interview to-day
phe did her best to set him right be
fore the editors and the public.
"There is nothing revolutionary about
ft," she said. "It is simply a common
sense way of settling a question that
has vexed Professor Gayley for a long
time. Neither men nor women can get
the best out of the classroom where
one sex overwhelms the other in num
bers. No man wants a roomful of
women staring at him when he is re
citing; neither does a woman enjoy the
reverse condition. It is the only solu
tion of the Question and should not be
construed as a blow at qo-education." ,
Max Thelen, president of the 'Asso
ciated Students, said the same thing,
only In a little different way. He thinks
It is hard enough anyway for an engi
neering student to get culture, wlth
tnit being hampered by the gaze of a
crowd of co-eds.
Berkeley. Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 19.
Bay Cities Company Offers to
Submit Second Proposal Un
l der a Long-Term Contract
Real Reason for Segregation
Is That the Men and Women
Can Make Better Progress
DEFENDED BY STUDENTS
ACTION IS IX ABEYANCE
Leading Reason Advanced by
Water Commit tee in Favor
of Leasing Existing Plant
Believe, With Others, That
Professor of English Aims
Fell Blow at Co-education
WOULD CLASSIFY
CITY POLITICS
EDITORS HURL
INK AT GAYLEY
Previous to their departure for the mission
ary field In Modoc County, the Rev. ' George
C. Swan, late rector o«. 8t. Mark's "Episcopal
Church, and Mrs. Swan were given a reception
by the ladles of the church. Tn«ry received a
number Of valuable gifts, among them a hand
some purse from the Ladles* Aid Society con
taining a check for JKioO: a 'Morris chair from
the "Choristers' Association of San " Francisco,
and a golden cross from the and
the Daughters of the King. " Resolutions ex
pressive of the regard and regret of many
friends- of St. .Mark's accompanied the gifts.
the presentation being ma.lo by Mrs. Allif
F. Youngs. Neltie A. d» I-edn. Inea Newlng
and Ellen W. Coil on behalf, of th<» aid socie
ty., and Marcia Arrtley. Olivia. O. Wright. Jean
Devere Shielder. Mab»>l R. Clark. Marie Fahr
enberg. Maude A. Thonfas. Mariette Parra
more. Josephine Stewart. B.- P. Lindsay. Iren-
Coll. Jertle M. Sofielil. Phoebe D. SofWId. Km
ma MrHenry Pond. Myra MansHeld and Eliza
beth Prindle on behalf of the Altar Oolld anJ
Daughters of the Kins.
BERKELEY. Jan. 1 lO.-^-The engagement Is
announced* of Mls« Mildred Graves of Berkeley
and Frederick Davy of Oakland, both of them
young people well known "in their respective
cities. Miss Graves !s the adopted daughter
of Mrs. Graves of.Falrview and King streets
and a graduate of the Berkeley schools. Thd
wedding will fen solemnized in the summer.
seph B. Lanktree, left this evening for Den
ver, where he will take a course. in mining en'
ginee.rlng. - ¦ " ¦ . -
Urtlty Circle of the Unitarian Church gave
one of Its attractive whist tournaments Sat
urday evening In the church parlors. Miss
Maude Bremer captured first prize. Frank
O'Brien .won the second and Mrs. A. C. Mount
was awarded the third- trophy. Mrs- G. E.
Plummer and Mrs. A. H. Shattuck directed
the tourney and were assisted by the following
named young ladies. wl»o acted as' scorers:
Miss Ethel Plummer. Miss Hazel Mount. Miss
Porter HUlman. Miss Hasel Holt. Mrss "Miriam
Jackson. Miss Olive Dillon and Miss Florence
Plummer. ':*.'"' .'•«.•'
Calvin A.. Caivin - R. and Annie ..E. Shaw
to W. D. WUHs. lot on N line ot Felton or
Sixty-third street. 10O E of Henos;. E 33:05
by N 120. Oakland; $10. , ...
J. B. and Mary .E., or Mrs. J. B. Shaw to
Alexander Olson, lot on RW corner of Parsons
and' Adeline streets. W 122.23. S,4O. B 102.37.
N 44.48. lot 5. block F. map J. E. McElrata
Tract, portion plat 45. etc.. Oakland; X10.
George Lydlksen (widower) to t-udwig Ties
lau. lot G4. block 3. map Grove street line tract.
Berkeley; $10. . . . .,'*•.
• - • • ¦
Dell C. and F. J. Woodward (and as at
torney) to Sarah A. Ward, lot on S corner -of
Fourth avenue and Ea« Fourteenth street
SeTiB:6 by SW. UW.. block tast
Oakland, (recorded January 13. «*>-».* v l n . n
Gertrude M. Ktmball (»lng»«>> to 8. T. Allen,
lot on S line of Eleventh street. 5O \V of
West, W 40 by S 10O. portions of lots Ho'.
block 150. KeHersberger-s map, OaJkland. *1(>.
Alexander Murdock to .Ludwin Tieslau lot
on S line ot Dattoo »^aoMK'
-E 10 by S 110. being W"rO «*>»• of lot M..
Rock 1 '- Island Tract. Oakland, quitclaim deed.
• Mae Sims (widow) to Wm'e.' same. Oakland,
quitclaim deed; $1C». =" Tii' ¦: : -*¦'>_ ;; -.' - ¦' Vi -
Union Savings, Bank to .Thomas E. and
Sarah A. Kan*, lot on NW line of Tenth ave
nue. 1*5 SW of East' Fifteenth street. SV 35
by NW 150. block 60. Clinton, etc., Eaaf Oak
"louIs Laroux (single) to Catherine II. Flick
fwtfe of George W.K all Interest m lot on NB
line of East Sixteenth (Monroe) .street 75 NU
of Ninth avenue (Clay). NVl iJ Iff "E UK
block H5. Clinton, East .Oakland, quitclaim
Pred H Farr (as guardian of estate of
Helen A.. Efnel E. and Joseph E. Farr, min
ors) to P. G. Lyr-ch, all. Interest In lot on >*
line of Park avenue. 60 E of Harlan street.
ET1O by N 125. btock 10. map part plat «.
Kellersberger-- survey. ofc.V. and D. Pe" 11 *
Rancho. property of J. S. Emery. Emeryville,
°"S3* R° W and hl ?ob ?^ebb and p.. Scott (b,
J B. Lanktree, commissioner) to Mary H.
Jewett (widow), lots 1 and 4, block 39. map
L. M Beaudry and G. Peladeau. being plat
No. 41. etc., Emeryville. Oakland Township;
K24.
George A. Story to Carrie B«Tl*y Robertson
and LJxzie Redlngton Maynard. all Interest in
lot 8. block 5. Daly's Scenic Park Tract. Berke
ley also lot on N line of HUgard avenue. 82.547
B of Arch street, E 40 by N 110. portions of
lots 1, 2 and 3, block 5, corrected map of Da
ley'a Scenic Park Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Phlla V. arid H. A. Adrian to Emma E. Hol
liday (widow) lot on W line of Walnut street.
145:4 S of Rose street. 3 SO by W 12O. lot M
and portions of lots 25 and 27. block ¦*. map of
resubdlvision of blocks 3 and 4, Antlsell Tract.
Berkeley; *10. . _
Oeorge D. and Ella Hutchison to .Emily J.
Pettls lot on N line of Ward street. 165 E of
Ellsworth. E 37 :« by N 134:8. portion of lots 20
and 21. block E, Leonard Tract. Berkeley; $10.
L«wi» C -Harmon (single). Charles R. and
Margaret Harmon (wife) to Peter Madsen. lot
on 8 line of Wootsey (Kent) street, DO W of
Tremont, said beginning j^lnt being. 80:2 W ot
Tremorit as now located and graded, thence S
02.25, NE. 40:2. N 88.20. W 40. being B 40 feet
of lot 2, block T, amended map of Newbury
Tract In plat 51. Rancho V. and D. Peralta,
Berkeley: $10. ¦ '
Clara A. Cook to G. L. Lewis (father), lot on
E line of. Chestnut street. 4l4« S of Encinal
avenue. S 25 by E 10>>. Alaraeda; also lot on "UT
line of Foley street. 10O S of Boena, Vista ave
nue, S 60 by W 140. Alameda; gift.
John C. and LIHle Williams to- A. Kllngen
berg lot on X line of Thirty-eighth street.
256.13 E of Market. E 50 by NT. 130.50, Oak
land; $10.
LJsle C. and Grace Green to H. S. McKeen
<*lnsr!»>. lot on N line of Railroad avenue rr
Seventh" street. 21» W-of It » intersection with
center line of Union. W 23 by N 100; block
534, Boardraan's map. .Oakland; $10.
•"Ludwlg and p*t>llna Tleslau to O«oTg» Ly
dlksen (widower), lot on S line of Dalton street,
£00 W of Idaho.- W 40 by S HO. lot 88. Rock
Island Tract. Oakland: $10. . •
Alameda County.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 19.— SprUce Circle No. 3*3)
Wom£ n of Woodcraft. ha3 . installed . the fol
lowing officers: Guardian neighbor. -Mra. •¦
V. . Ebessen; past guardian neighbor. Ml» H*
L. -Kruger; adviser. Miss Josephine Moblad
clerk. Mr». M.M. Kline: -banker. Mrs. Marie
Tardlf:- magician. Miss Bertha Mobtad; •¦ at
tendant.' Mrs.- Rosa Hinds.- 'captain • pt the
guards, Mrs. Mattie Townsend; inner sentinel
Mrs. J. A." Poulson; outer sentinel, Mrs Louise
Gastman; - musician. Mrs. Mlna % Rew; man
ager. Mrs. 1 A. J. Bruer.
Wilbur Lanktree, son of Mr. ' and Mrs. Jo-
Miss Laura San born will be the hostess at
dinner Thursday evening In compliment to
Herbert' Landers/ who leaves shortly 'for ¦ the
East. • • " . - .¦ . . .
The Monday Evening "Whist CTub was en
tertained ta*st night at the home. of Mr. and
Mrs. T. Arthur, Crellin on Jackson street. The
club includes Mr. and Mrs. Will -Meek. Mr.
and Mr*. Horry. Meek, Mr. and Mrs/ '17. A.
Acker. Mr. ¦ and Mrs. • Robert S. Knight. Mr.
and Mrs. James G. Allen. Mr. and Mrs. Fred
erick Hathaway.' Mr.- arid Mrs: George King.
Mr. and Mrs. Egbert Stone and Mr. and Mrs
T. A. Crelljn. . :
The "play?rs at • yesterday's game. Including
members and substitutes, were? Mrs. T. L.
Barker, Mrs. J. R. Burnham. Mrs. Quincy A.
Chase. Mrs. T. C. Coogan. Mrs. Ernest X.
Cotton Mrs. Thomas Crellin. Mrs. J. A.' Fol
ger. Mrs. R. W. Gorrlu. Mrs. William T.
Goodfellow. Mrs. Harry Gordan. Mrs. Paul
Lohse. Mrs. Hqrry Meek. Mrs. , Wiir Meek.
Mrs A. A. Mcore. Mrs. Pedar father' Mrs.
Egbert B. Stone, Mrs. Edward yi. Walsh Mrs.
Prentiss Selby Mrs. Eugene,. B. Beck. Mn.
S R. Church.* Mrs. Charles 'Houghton Mrs.
Henry Morris. Mrs. .George MeNear and Mrs.
Andrew T. Mosely. Mius Mark Barker. Miss
Mary Alexander. Mlss'Mona Crellin and Miss
Jane Rawllngs.' i ¦ • • ¦" . r .
The Cosmos Club had a very pleasant meet
ing yesterday at the residence of Mrs. T.' L.
Barker. The priza was won by Mrs. E. J.
Cotton. ' Wl>BtHHranXi<
A very' pleasing part of the programme was
the playing of a series of quaint old Dutch
me!odie3 by Mlta Jennie Hill. A brief history
of The Netherlands and their Influence on
art was read by Mrs. Mary Matbews.
Other papers equally Interesting were read
by other . members of the section. Including
an article by Miss Jean Gregory on "Delft
and Delft Pottery." read by Mr/ L. F. Cock
roft. MJss Gorrlll art! Mrs. Hildebrand also
contributed papers bearing on, the topic of
the day. • . -
The monotony of so many learned essays
was relieved by two Httle gems of song which
Joseph RosbArough rendered with delightful
taste and feeling. He was given an impera
tive encore, to which he responded, notwith
standing he was suffering with a severe cold.
His selections were "Goodnight." by ¦ Franc,
and "On the "Weser," by Prussel.
The hostesses to-day were Mrs. Getwicks.
Mrs Shanklln. Mrs. A. M. Rosborough, the
Misses GorrUI. Mrs. C. W. Klnsey. Mrs.
Bleuel Mrs. Frear, Mrs. White. Mn. Welhe.
Miss Bullock ' Mrs. Gregory. Mrs. Shanklin
Jr. and the Misses Hildebrand.
The tri-color of The Netherlands was draped
over the atage and examples 'of ancient Dutch
art were hunc" about the rooms. The flags
were loaned by ex-Consul P. J. von ¦ Loben
Sels for the occasion.
"It was the Dutch" that held sway at Ebell
to-day, the general tone of the decorations
and entertainment being Dutch In character.
The members of the art section were hostesses
and Mrs. Gelwlcks. the curator, occupied the
chair. .'"-• *
Miss Georgiana M. Taylor and Herbert Wlt
helmi were married last week at the home of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. G. Lawton
Taylor, 2101 Clement avefau*^ Alameda. The
Rev. Frank S. Brush of the First Presbyteriais
Church of Alameda officiated. It was a pink
and green" wedding, the house decorations be
ing of smilax and: pink marriage bella. Th»
bride's dress was of cream satin duchesss.
trimmed with old point lace. Her maid of
honor. Miss Stella Tonner. was attired in a
gown of crepe de chine, with Persian trim
mings.'' The bridesmaids. Miss Jennie Taylor
and Miss Anr.e Taylor, wore costumes of green
silk organdie over pink satin. Ronald Taylor
acted as ring bearer and little Dovie Taylor
as flower girl. The groom was supported by
Wlllfam M v Taylor., assisted by H. Rincon
Davis. MU» May Woodbrldge prayed the wed
ding march as the " bridal couple , entered the
parlor where the ceremony was performed. - *
Following the marriage there was a recep-.
tlon and banquet In. which Sixty-five guests
participated. The presents received by the
couple were numerous and valuable, including
table ware, lamps, cut glass and cutlery.- Mr.
and Mrs. Wilhelmi will, after returning from
their honeymoon, reside in Preston, Sonoma.
County. The bride has been one of . the popu
lar members of the • younger social set. The
I groom Is a leader in musical circles,' being a
violinist of talent.
The Coogan tea to-day was the big social
affair of the hour, the Filbert-street residence
betng literally thronged with beautifully
gowned women during the reception hours,
which were from 4 to 6. Mis? May Coogan
and her three guests of honor, Miss Edna Bar
ry, Miss Jacqueline Moore and Miss Mae
Burdge, all enjoy more than the ordinary girl's
share of popularity, and It was -to be expected
that their friends would all don their prettiest
gowns for the occasion. ' The effect, therefore,
was a mass of pretty women and bewitching
raiment that would .have filled "Solomon in
all his fclcry" and even the •'lilies " of the
field" with envy.
• Fragrant flowers filled every available nook,
red being the color scheme in the dining-room.
Miss Coogan was assisted in ' receiving* by the
three brides-to-be and also by Mrs. Hayward
Thomas. Mrs. Irving Burrell. Mrs. * George
Clarke Davis. Miss Letitia Barry Miss Marion
Walsh. MJss Lucretta Burnham, Miss Elsie
Kverson. Miss Mollie Matties. Miss Ethel
Crellin. MUs Ethel Sims of Berkeley. ! Miss
Jean Downey of Berkeley, Miss Ada Kenna.
Mlss-Noello de Golla, the Misses Carolyn and
Anita Oliver, Miss Claire Chabot. Miss Flor-
Inne Brown, Miss Margaret Sinclair.' Miss Ma
rion Smith. Miss Helen Chase. Miss Elizabeth
Fillmore. Miss Gertrude Allen and Misa Bes
sie Reed. ¦ .\ . " .
A wedding of interest to many of the young
people of this city took place recently at the
home ot II. J. Edwards. 12<* fcighth street/
when Luella L.. Benjamin ¦ and i Robert E.
Grubb were united by the Rev. E. It. Dille.
pastor of the First Methodist Church.
The bride was attended by her sister. Miss
Georgia Benjamin, and George w. Grubb.
brother of the groom, acted as beat man. After
a short honeymoon in the south the young cou
ple will make their home in Oakland.
OAKLAN'P, Jan. 19. — Announcement has
been made of the marriage of F. A. Brown,
who is connected with the Oakland Transit
Consolidated, to Miss Belle Sequlro. daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Sequtro of Santa Clara.
The wedding* took place January 11 at the
home of the -bride's parents. ' In Santa Clara.
The bride is a native of that town, her parents
being among the pioneers of the sister county.
Brown is one of the most popular employes of
the Transit Company. He is on the mechan
ical force at the main shops in Piedmont.
Mr. and Mrs. Brown enjoyed , a short weu
ding.trip and returned this week to this City.
Their home will be In East Oakland.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
A telephone message was. sent into
town, and finally a, ladder was pro
cured and with ropes the unconscious
man was lowered to the ground. . He
was hastily placed In the buggy of Wil
liam Greer and driven to the Receiving
Hospital, where it was at first believed
he was dead. The oxygen treatment,
however, soon placed him in a condi
tion where hope i3 held out for his
recovery.
Dow is a married man and with his
wife and three children lives on Isa
bella street. His hand and the back
of his head were badly burned, show
ing where he had come in contact with
the wire. ; • . ,
George Dow. a lineman in • the em
ploy of the Sunset Telephone Company,
came in contact with a live electric
light wire while working on a pole at
Thirty-ninth and San Pablo avenue
this afternoon and for a time his life
was despaired of. Caught among the
network of wires, he hung unconscious
In midair, while horrified spectators
rushed about without being able to
render him any assistance.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
, 1118 Broadway, Jan. 19.
George Dow Kendered Uncon
scious While Working on Polo
Among Wires and Hangs There
A wrecking outfit was sent 'out to
clear the track. Fortunately the acci
dent occurred at a siding and there was
no obstruction to main line traffic, pas
senger and freight trains using the sid
ing to pass around the wrecked freight
train.
No one was injured in the wreck, the
accident occurring in such a way as
not to endanger the engine men or the
train crew. . .
POINT RICHMOND. Jan. 19.— A
broken flange on a car Wheel caused the
wrecking last night at Hughsori sta
tion, Stanislaus County, of an extra
Santa Fe freight train. Five large oil
tank cars were hurled from the tracks
and turned upside down. The train was
running at the rate of twenty- miles an
hour when the accident occurred.
DANGLES FROM
ELECTRIC WIRES
lay to Traffic "oil Main Line
Accident Occurs at a Siding
That Is Used to Prevent De-
LAKGfi OIL TANKS UPSET
Freight Cars Arc Ditched at
Ifujrhson by the Breaking
of the Flange of a Wheel
TRAIN WRECK
ON SANTA FE
NEWS OF THE G©MNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE ' SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL, ; j WEDNESDAY, .-JANUARY 20, 1904.
"It has long been the practice of the San Francisco papers to treat news from Oakland,
.Alameda, Berkeley and the contiguous .territory as- having no general valuer as news and as of
no interest to any save in this immediate locality. Residents in other parts of the State could
search the columns of the San Francisco dailies in vain for any, record of the events trans
piring in this vicinity.' For general news purposes the counties df Alameda and. Contra Costa,
containing some 176,000 inhabitants, were not on thef map. Trifling occurrences in Oregon vil
lages and fourth-rate towns in the interior of. California were printed in the -regular grist of
dispatches, while accounts of important events in Oakland and adjacent cities were buried in the
'suburban page,' which is omitted from the regular editions circulated in San Francisco "and
elsewhere. As a result of this discrimination Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley are kept in the
background by the papers which exclusively purvey the morning news in this section.'
, "This discrimination is as short sighted as it is unjust and invidious. It is gratifying to
note that The Call is wide awake and; broad enough to break away from a practice wholly with
out justification from the standpoint of cither fairness, or. enlightened newspaper' policy. The
general readers of that paper can now learn >vhat is going on in the cities of Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley and the numerous towns and villages in their tributary territory. When The Call
is sent East or abroad it will contain daily evidence of the fact that there is a city named
Oakland in'California inhabited by nearly 100,000 people. The Tribune presents its compli
ments ta ; The Call, and trusts that its "enterprising example .will not be lost on its con
temporaries." • ' " " . " •
Under the head "Good for The Call/' the Oakland Tribune in its issue of Monday, the
iSth.inst.. also commends The Call foV its policy in publishing all the news of Alameda County
for the benefit of all the people. The Tribune says ; : # .¦•¦'.
"The Call has adopted the policy of running the news of Oakland, Alameda and Contra
Costa County in all editions. This is an agreeable 1 change from the prevailing method of
handling news from the eastern shore of the bay in the other . San , Francisco newspaper of
fices, and one that will be appreciated by The Call's readers everywhere, particularly by sub
scribers in Alameda and Contra Costa "counties. It is another proof of The Call's up-to-date
methods in gathering and presenting the news. / ' ; -. *. •
OAKLAND, Jan. 19." — The Merchants* Exchange to-night indorsed the course of The
$an Francisco Call in running the news from Ahuneda County through all editions
of the paper. At the regular meeting of the board of directors of the exchange II. C.
Capwejl, president of the Security Bank and Trust Company, said The Call had proved
itself worthy of the support of every merchant of Alameda County. In the course^f his
address Mr. Capwcll said: *
*tFor many years the San Francisco papers have published practically a separate
edition for Alameda County, but the moment that a citizen of this county went to an
other part of the State he knew iiothing of what was occurring here until he returned.
At last Alameda County has been recognized, and one of the papers has decided to run the
Alameda County news through all of its edition. That paper is The San Francisco Call.
As the first to recognize this county, The Call deserves and should receive the support
and patronage of this exchange, and T. for one, hope that it will receive it."
Mr. Capwell's remarks were received with approval, expressed by applause and cries
of "Yes, yes!" and "That's right!"
6
I /-..: DO YOU I
I ; WANT, SOMETHING? |
S In the "Want Ad. Columns To- g
o ,Day you .will find inquiry about: Q
8 * Male Help Wanted. §
g. ' Situations Wanted. • '. Q
« '¦¦:.• \Pemal« Kelp Wanted. §
o . Ayents ' Wanted. w
§ Money Wanted. S
g • Money to Loan. . y
S Purniture for Sale. S
•¦ Houeekceping: Koom« to Let. X
a'.' Turni«lied Boom* to Iiet. • ; o
0 Pnrnished Booms for Sale. ¦ "'¦ 8
ft Furnlsned. Homes for Bent. Q
Q "-' ' Furnished Houses for Sale.' .- • v
C» Beai' E state,' Etc.; Etc, Etc. ' - »
S i Call Readers w!ll find something;?^
8 of •: interest in the Want Ad, Col- «
M umns.*. '- .1" ' ¦ • "¦ ' ' n
g These .little Ads., will, not only §
8^ prove of interest to thouse.out Of «
S work, but to those desiring to im- «
S I prqyo their positions as well. ' ' • * p
ALAMEDA. ..">« \
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.
BERKELEY: "
2148 Center Street.,
Telephone North 77.
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone 3Ialn 1063.
•BRANCH OFFICES. -
OF TILE QALL JN
ALA3IEDA COUNTYCharges Arc Withdrawn.
Margarita Rico, mother of Joseph.
Rudolph. James, Bernice, Xorice,
Caros, Ermentine, Juanita and Clarice
Rico, applied to the Superior Court
yesterday for letters of guardianship
over the children. She claims she de
sires legal authority to care for their
interests in the estate of the late Dr.
Mariano E.Gonzales.
Asks to Be Appointed Guardian.
Where the Wurzbnrser Flow?.
1 Visitors to the Louisiana Purchase Ex-
I position at St. Louis this year will find
1 many things in that progressive city out
side the Exposition fence to take much
of their time and attention. No one en
terprise, however, will command more at
tention than the great buildings and
! plant of the Anheuser-Busch Brewing As
sociation, the largest brewery in the
The average man who blows the foam
from Ws glass of lager gives little
thought to the great industry which pro
duces this most delightful of beverages—
the only drink that keeps a man cool in
-summer and warms him in midwinter.
•- The \nhetiser-Busch Brewing Associa
tion alone sent out 100,402,500 bottles of
•t«5 beers in 1903. and since 187o is cred
lled with th« bewildering total of 1.410.
40-500 bottles. This great output of
liottles 'f placed end to end. would
-irdle the globe eight times and still lap
over enough to connect St. Louis with
the favorite beer of the
St Louis establishment, exceeds the
«aies of all other bottled b*ers combined.
't« Duritv. delicious flavor and tonic prop
i erties making it a household beverage.
C. W. Purrington, Lizzie C. Robin
son and W. A. Ross, who claim to be
the owners of 3050 shares of stock in
the Columbia Bowling Association of
1173% Market street, filed a suit to re
cover the stock yesterday against L.
B. Mayer. They also ask for an in
junction restraining Mayer from voting
the stock. " The \ plaintiffs allege that
they gave the stock to Mayer to vote
it and that he is using it to further his
own ends.
Want Tlicir Stock Back.
Alec Anderson, a carpenter. 46
years of age. was arrested by Detec
tive Bailey yesterday afternoon and
booked at the City Prison on a charge
of disturbing the peace. A telephone
message was received at police head
quarters that a man was annoying
and following women at Powell ond
Vallejo streets and Bailey was sent to
investigate. He caught Anderson in
the act of following a woman and ar
rested him.
Accused of Annoying Women.
Frank Drew, "the gas light burglar,"
was heM to answer to two charges of
burglary by Judge Cabaniss yesterday
in bonds of *$1000 on each charge. He
adopted the novel method of walking
into a sleeping man's room, lighting the
gas and helping himself to whatever
valuables he fancied. When the sleeper
awoke he told him it was time to get
up, turned off the gas and silently stole
away. One sleepy victim caught the
burglar and another identified stolen
goods found in Drew's possession.
The grape cure at Weisbaden has for
a long time been an important feature
of the autumn season at that famou3
health resort.
Alice Edith Dickason, who at one
i time laid claim to a widow's
! share of the immense Blythe
! estate, a portion of which forms the
j base c-f the triangle at Grant avenue
! and Market street, was convicted yes
1 terday in Judge Mogan's court of va
' grancy and sentenced to three months
j in the County Jail. Thomas Blythe was
one of the pioneers of California. Ap
' parently he discarded all scriptural in
j junctions about cleaving to one woman.
j One of the women he clove to for a
lengthy term of years was the unfor
tunate who appeared in the Police
j Court yesterday and was punished for
The Supreme Court decided yester
flay that the American Fire Insurance
Company could not lawfully recover
damasres* from W. H. H. Hart, who is
alleged to have had property belong
ing to the San Justo Mining Company
Insured for $ 17.000 without proper
authorization. The lower court award
ed damages to the insurance company
in the sum of $390, but that judgment
is reversed.
Insurance Company Lo^e? Suit.
K. T. J -¦'c. w" on I>e< .uber .28
was arrested by William Mahdny on a
charge of disturbing the peace, sued
Mahony yesterday for $5000 damage*.
He alleges th*t his arrest was mali
cious.
Seek Damasc*- for Arrest.
The Spanish Consul in this city has
received a letter from the Chamber
of Commerce of Cordova, Spain, re
questing American manufacturers to
make exhibits of farming implements
and machinery at the exposition to
be held at Cordova in May of this
year. The city of Cordova is the cen
ter of a rich agricultural country, but
its development has been slow owing
to the lack of modern farming imple
ments. The coming fair will be broad
er in scope than those of . former
years and as machinery of American
manufacture seems to meet with par
ticular favor a good field is open to
local manufacturers. The text of a
letter forwarded by Carlos Carbonel.
president of the Cordova Chamber of
Commerce, is as follows:
Under the auspice* of the Chamber of Ccm-f
nerce an-1 Industry-, over which I have th»
honor to rreside. assisted with th* moral and
SSEtfal Sort of the provincial deputation
frd II " fcuthorities of this capital and the
province there was held during the month of
Mav last » orovincial exposition in this city
of industrial and agricultural products or great
s-ccci* tor- which ivason the same forces, ia
Station with the said Chamber of Com
merc* and , Industry, hare decided to hold
Mother exposition analogous with the former
Un the n^n^Tof Maj% 1904. it to be more «-
Tensiv or rerional in scope than the former,
an" including the eight Andalu*taa nrovlnws.
wMrl aV- Vvilla. CadU. Huelva, Malaga.
Co-^ova. Granada J.ea and Almerla. It will
tC oblerv-d tbat our city is In the very mid
d?e oTthiSe Provinces and to which radUte
""xbffaTrK yeartV In tho month of May
U the most ancient in Spain and the one
which is tb« most attended by all classes, in-
Tludins the principal agriculturists cf the
counts-. For ths reasons given »t was Ue
cided to admit agricultural machinery of all
kind* in the Izst exposition, and as public
opinion was prepared for the adoption of mod
ern implements and t!.c abandonment of pnm-
ItSvc ones, a v«r? laree amount of machinery
Trasrcld The house of Ofborn & Ahles alone
sold more than '3jO machine*.
£>ciuso of this masniilcent tbowlnr and
crr.-'dericff that the next exT>osition will em
»,race a much larger territory, and th* United
s-uaea of America b*irs the country from
rhich th« beirt machinery for agriculture
ccmrs It Is especially desired that the manu
tactursrs of said machinery present their
war-* For this reason- we direct this to you
that >ou may take steps to announce to saM
raanuCacrnrer* the comir.s exposition. Thouph
th»re may no*. b< any premiums, we feel that
they will sell very large quantities cf ma
chinery which will redound to their benefit
and to that cf our country. ' "s
This Ctamber of Commerce will take chars*
cf representing the expcultor* of said machin
ery if tht-y have not some one else to do so.
Exhibit of Farming Machinery Is De
sired at the Annual Fair in
Province of Cordova.
INVITATION KXTENDED
LOCAL MANUFACTURERS
Gas heaters*, formerly $4.50. now $2.50.
at San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany. 415 Post street.
"The ¦ Sacramento . Valley delegates
wished to have the space that had been
given to us. I made no objection, but
said that the Southern California coun
ties could make an exhibition that
would attract attention anywhere. We
are willing to accommodate." v 'jV^-
Commissioner Wiggins pulled his mus
tache reflectively and smiled. If he be
lieved that Southern California had se
cured the best part of the exhibition
space he did not say so. All through
the wrangles for space Wiggins has
never appeared to be ruffled. Yesterday
afternoon after the trade had been
made he was' more complacent than
ever.
Despite the verdict of the Coroner's
jury in rendering a verdict of justifia
ble homicide in the case of Richard Ed
wards, who shot to death Joseph Mar
tini in the latter's saloon on Pacific
street. Judge Mogan ' eld the defend
ant for the crime of willful murder
and refused to fix any ball for his re
lease. The defense introduced no tes
timony, although at the Coroner*s~in
quest an Italian appeared whose testi
money gave Richards a solid basis of
self-defense for the killing, which he
admittedly committed. The prosecu
tion believes that the Italian has fear
of a perjury charge, while the defense
maintains a grim silence on the testi
mony they expect to pioduce.
Mary McGinley, who is rather deserv
ing of pity, but needs corrective meas
ures, was sentenced to the County Jail
for three months yesterday by Judge
Mogan. She has the record of having
been arrested more times than any
other woman in the city. Her latest
escapade was to find a place of repose
in the street fronting the Palace Hotel.
Traffic was suspended while she was
being removed.
?Mrs. McGinley at one time possessed
several hundred thousand dollars, all
of which she has frittered away. After
the death of her husband she appar
ently lost all hold on re- pcctability and
went the Dace that kills. Several at
tempts have been made by her former
friends to have her committed to some
refuge where she could be taken care
of properly, but the Lunacy Commission
has refused to declare her incompetent.
Henry Robertson, a shingler, 27
years of age. died at St. Joseph's Hos
pital yesterday from injuries received
on January 14 by falling from the
roof of a building on the corner of
Webster and Post streets.
.Killed by a Fall.
Xcw Proces* for Making Gas.
The Construction Company "Amer
ica" was incorporated yesterday with
a capital stock of $10,000. The direc
tors are Philip Meyer, Peter Harden,
Paul Keyser. A. F. W. Delius and G. H.
Bahrs. The company is formed for
the purpose of developing a process of
making gas invented by Philip Meyer
of Santa Rosa. Experiments will be
conducted in the city of Vallejo.
A rather startling development oc
curred yesterday in the case of Ed
ward and George Marshall, who are
charged in Judge Conlan's court with
battery on Mrs. Sarah Rogers, who is
probably better known to first nighters
as the widow of "Duxie" Rosenbaurn.
the wealthy wholesale liquor dealer,
who killed himself some years ago,
leaving his fortune to his wife.
The defense introduced a witness by
the name of Miss Marie Feulk, who
gave her address as 322 Mason street.
She testified that Mrs. Rogers bad of
fered her $200 to say that she was a
witness to the alleged assault, but she
spurned the offer. She told Sarah to
take back her gold, for gold would
never buy her. '.-,
Notwithstanding the evidence intro
duced by the defense, it was somewhat
evident that Judge Conlan believes
Louis Marshall actually, assaulted Mrs.
Rogers. A decision will bs rendered
to-day. •
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that an exam
ination will be held at San Francisco
February 25 for the position of ca
det, revenue cutter service. Age lim
it, 18 to 25 years. The salary of a
cadet is $500 per annum and one ra
ticn per day. Apply either to the
United •States Civil Service Commis
sion, Washington, D. C, or to the sec
rrisry of , the Consolidated Board of
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jack
son street, San Francisco, for appli
cation form 304, 'which should be
properly executed and filed with the
commission at Washington.
Revenue Cutter Cadet Wanted.
The landlady was unwilling to part
with them. She is said to have held
out one trunk in the hope that some
day the twins might return to the
old home and she would have clothing
to dress them through the winter.
They applied yesterday to Judge Fritz
for a search warrant permitting them
to recover the missing luggage, and it
was issued. Look out for stunning
wardrobes when the twins get posses
sion of that trunk!
The Althea twins, who pirouette and
pose at Fischer's Theater nightly,
With complexions like ros»s.
And powder on their noeea.
Were in trouble yesterday. A land
lady withheld one of their seventy
eight trunks when they attempted to
move from Peasley street to a more
satisfying neighborhood, where the
thoroughfares are paved and —lights
shine through the fog.
The Commissioners of Public Works
filed the report of their investigations
into the condition as to safety of the
various theaters with Mayor Schmits
yesterday afternoon. The final report
ha3 been under consideration by Com
missioners Schmitz and Casey for three
days. They disagreed on certain items
contained in the report and some were
eliminated as being too drastic. After
the report "had been revised it was
handed to the Mayor. The latter de
cided not to make its contents public
until he had thoroughly gone into it.
It is understood that the report or
ders many changes in the construction
of the Alcazar. Fischer's and the Or-
Dheum, in order to make them safer
ir. cases of fire or panic. It is said
that certain of the alterations required
would compel the closing of one or two
of the houses for a period of time.
The theaters announced safe after a
few minor and unimportant alterations
are made include the Columbia, Tivoll,
Central, Grand Opera-house and Cali
fornia, which are pronounced entirely
safe as to exits and other requirements.
A number of minor theaters located
in stores are unfavorably reported on.
with a recommendation that they bs
closed unless they comply in every re
spect with the theater ordinance.
"Well, you're a liar," said Moran.
"You get out of my office." said
Baehr, advancing threateningly toward
Moran, "or I'll put you out."
Moran and Baehr moved fiercely on
each other, and the latter adminis
tered a shove to Moran. who then stovd
not upon the order of his going, but
went at once.
Moran in explaining the action of th»
commission in only verbally notifying
Baehr to audit the demands said it
could not do anything else. It. how
ever, wanted Baehr to assume the re
sponsibility of paying the demands of
the men. some of whom have been
waiting three months for their salaries.
The men involved in the controversy
are J. J. Sullivan. chi«f plumbing in
spector: G. J. Berger. Almshouse clerk.;
N. J. Barry. W. T. Koran. E. A. Cale
garis. clerks City Ifispital: Arthur
Garms. messenger; F. Ruddy. ni?ht
watchman: W. H. Lamb, market in
spector: W. J. Hudson, machinist Fir*
Department, and C. J. Murphy, cashier
Department of Electricity.
Baehr characterizes the course of the
commission in refusing to give a writ
ten notice that it has rescinded its ac
tion in disapproving the payment of the
demands as preposterous, and he re
fuses to assume the responsibility when
the commission is on record as disap
proving their payment.
'Do you mean me?" a3ked Moran.
"Yes. I mean you." said Baehr.
An exciting scene occurred yesterday
afternoon in Auditor Baehr's office dur
ing a wordy altercation, in which Sec
retary Edward Moran of the Civil Ser
vice Commission passed the lie to
Baehr, and the latter ordered Moran
out of the office. Baehr accompanied
his order by an emphatic shove of
Moran, and the latter lost no time in
getting away from the irate Auditor.
There were no blows struck, although
for a moment a full-fledged boxing
bout, regardless of Marquis of Queens
bery rules, seemed Imminent.
The trouble arose when Moran en
tered Baehr's private office and In
formed Baehr that he could audit the
demands of certain employes In the
Board of Health. Fire Department and
Department of Electricity, the payment
of which had been previously disap
proved in a written communication by
the commission because certain civil
service rules had been violated In the
appointments. Baehr desired to know
if the commission would file a written
notice to that effect in order to rescind
its previous action.
"Oh, no," said Moran; "I give you
verbal notice. Commissioners . Rogers
and Bahrs say it will be all right for
you to audit the demands, as they want
to see the men get their money."
Baehr was dissatisfied with this expla
nation and said: "The Commissioners
want me to do something which they
¦will not do themselves. I think they
are a lot of 'crooks' in their way of do
ing business, and you are in with
them." >*'.
Meyer is now in charge of Church's
affairs. Church is still confined to his
home by illness and has .not been out
for many days.
The proceedings in court were per
fectly amicable. H. L. E. Meyer Sr.
of Meyer. Wilson & Co. was present
?nd suggested that his son and partner,
H. L. E. Meyer Jr.. be selected as re
ceiver. This was agreed to readily by
Attorney E. S. Pillsbury for Meyer,
Wilson & Co., Charles Page for Balfour.
Guthrie & Co. and Warren Gregory for
Girvin & Eyre. Judge de Haven made
the appointment of Meyer and fixed the
bond at $20,000. The bond was filed
soon after the adjournment of court,
the bondsmen being H. L. E. Meyer
Sr. and Thomas Binney of Balfour,
Guthrie & Co.
This showing was. however, con
tingent upon the market to some ex
tent. If the price for pig iron should
go up the value of the assets, which
consist largely of iron, would increase.
If the market price continued its'down
waid course the assets would shrink
accordingly.
Joseph Hutchinson made a statement
in court in which the general situation
was outlined. The largest creditors are
Meyer, Wilson & Co., the indebtedness
being approximately $200,000; Girvin &
Eyre, to whom JCO.OOQ is due, and Bal
four. Guthrie & Co.. to whom, in round
figures, there 'is due $35,000. Of the
$i"00,000 due to Meyer. Wilson & Co.
$17<X000 is secured. Included in the lia
bilities are notes of M. W. Upton and
others amounting to $20,000. the liabil
ity of Church being due to the fact that
Church indorsed the paper. As $15,000
of such notes were paid last Saturday
;t was presumed by Attorney Hutchin
son that all would be found to be good.
The indebtedness, so said Attorney
Hutchinson, might be further reduced
by failure of some of the pig iron now
under contract to appear in this city.
Some of it' was still not declared abroad
for export to the United States. In ad
dition to the three larger creditors
there were many others, but none for
large amounts.
In the United States District Court
yesterday Judge de Haven appointed
H. L. E. Meyer Jr. as receiver to wind
up the affairs of Seymour B. Church in
bankruptcy. Church filed a petition in
bankruptcy in which he averred tht
he was unable to pay his indebtedness
in full and gave as the reason the
slump !n the price of pig iron which
had been bought under contract to the
extent oflS.000 tons when prices were
higher. With the petition in bankrupt
cy Joseph Hutchinson. attorney for
Church, filed several schedules in which
the condition of Church's financial af
fairs was shown in detail. The show
ing filled many sheets of legal paper.
As summed up the schedules showed
that the liabilities were, on the face of
things. 5465,672 42. To offset this there
were assets valued at J 442,559 74. The
assets, in other words, were shown in
the schedules to nearly equal the liabili
ties.
The hiring: will be resumed this
-mining when one o-f the employes of
th« undertaking firm will be placed on
the stard.
Mrs. Fair's body also had been placed
in a copper case in the reverse order.
It was wrapped in a silk sheet and
»hit> kid shoes and eilk stockings had
heen t>lac<rd uix-n it. The head was so
badly crtish*>d that the face was un
recognizable, the bones feollng to the
touch like m much broken crockery.
Th* body was in a ir.nre advanced stage
of decomposition than that of Mr. Fair.
Th<* arliaen stated that to the best
. r hi? IcnOTrJedse the head of Mr. Fair
had r.ot b*en removed to b« used as
an exhibit in the case, as has' been
report <vi.
Up ksew that the mother of Mrs.
Fair was ir. th<? city at the time, the
autopsy was performed, but did not
think h»? was taking any risks in per
mittins it. as h<; had received instruc
tirr.s from Mr. Oelrichs to prepare the
bodies for an autopsy by Drs. Wii
liarr.Fon and Galwey. and had simply
followed h ; s instructions.
The first witness called yesterday
morning was Samuel A. White of the I
undertaking firm of Porter & White, j
Mr. White testified that he received the t
bodies at the Oakland mole on Sep- !
timber 12. 1&02. and accompanied them ;
to his undertaking parlors in this city.
During the time of transit the coffin? j
v. ere never out of his eight. They were j
placed in the parlors, where they re- '
inained for about an hour, when they j
removed to the autopsy room that j
Drs. Williamson and Galxvey might \
perform an autopsy. Witness was j
piesert when th«? coffins were opened.
He found that the coffins were fas- ;
tened with patent ciamps, but could j
not te!l whether they had been ta-m- j
pered with after first being closed or i
not. The coffin containing the body of i
CharJes L. Fair was first opened. In
side the cofSn was a copper shell con
taining the body, but this shell was
reversed, the cap that should have been
over tho face being above the feet.
The head was entirely wrapped in j
bandases such as are customarily used
by i-hysicians- ar.d so far as the wit- j
r^?s could tell th<»;e bandages had i
r.ever been disturbed. The doctors ope- j
lated tmly on the head, the body being i
placed In a sitting posture for the con- t
vfnier.ee of the doctors. The bony f
structure of th«» head was in good con- j
d:ti<T. but the flesh decomposed. •
The action was brought to set aside
the agreement entered into between
Mrs. Hannah Nelson, mother of Mrs.
Charles L. Fair, and other heirs at
law «.-f Charles Fair. The case is be- \
tore the court in New York State and j
depositions are beins taken both in this •
city and in France.
The tsking of depositions in the case
of Hannah E. Nelson and others vs.
Theresa A. Oelrichs began in the office
of Attorney Hosmer. sitting as Court
Commissioner, yesterday morning. II.
W. Candlcr of the firm of J. M. Can
d!er &. Co. of New York represented
the defer.se, while Gellett & Meyer
stein, the local representatives of Chan
dler & B?ekman of New York, appeared
for the plaintiffs.
Filcher said that the middle space the
Sacramento Valley delegates had in
sisted upon giving up for the front row
in the show was preferable to the place
the valley had traded for. "Southern
California gets a place now where it is
bounded by four aisles," he said. "The
Sacramento Valley counties are on two
aisles only. I couldn't help it. I tried
to show the "Sacramento Valley dele
gates that they had better stay where
we put them when the space was allot
ted Sunday, but they have decided oth
erwise."
Afer the exchange Commissioner
Wiggins was asked for his version of
the matter. ' r ¦'¦"''';
"It is very easy to tell it." he said.
SOUTH IS THE WIXXER.
.Commissioner Wiggins met them and
promptly surrendered the space he had
and took in lieu the space in U* e center
of the exhibit. Wiggins smiled urbane
ly, as is his wont, all through the dajv
H* said that; his counties, would be sat
isfied to exhibit in the" middle space and
that the Sacramento Valley counties
were entirely welcome to the place orig
inally assigned losthe southland. To say
that Commissioner Filcher Was aston
ished when he found that the Sacra
mento counties and the Southern Cali
fornia counties had agreed to trade
room in the big show puts the case
mildly.* %fe
On Monday a delegation came down
from the Sacramento Valley to inspect
the layout of space as prepared by the
Commissioners. They saw where the
Southern California counties were and
made a vigorous protest. In fact, some
very strong language is reported to
have been used on Monday, and the
one room occupied by the commission
in this city was the scene of great in
terest. Telegrams were sent and confer
ences took nlace. When the shades of
evening fell Monday the Southern Cali
fornia counties had still the space that
had been allotted to them. Yesterday
morning the delegates from the Sacra
mento Valley dropped into the com
mission's headquarters again and re
newed the struggle to get the space on
the main aisle.
SACRAMENTO DELEGATION".
A. lightning-like change of space was
effected yesterday, with the consent of
the California Commissioners to the St.
Louis Exposition, by the counties of
the Sacramento Valley and Southern
California. The Commissioners met
Sunday night, with Secretary E. B.
Willis, to finally allot the space in the
agriculture building at St. Louis to the
counties and'sections that have decided
to make collective exhibits representa
tive of their several localities.
There are twenty-nine counties that
are to exhibit their products and re
sources apart from the State's collec
tive show, and if San Francisco suc
ceeds in putting' up a building on Mu
nicipal row there will be thirty counties
that seek individual distinction. In this
array is included every county south of
Tehachapi, and more • than a score of
counties north of the dividing range of
mountains that separates Central and
Northern California from Southern Cal
ifornia. <
"When the allotment of space was fin
ally agreed upon Sunday, night by the
Commissioners, or practically agreed
upon, subject to some slight modifica
tions that may be found advisable, the
counties of the Sacramento Valley were
given space in the heart of the Califor
nia exhibit. In front of them and fac
ing on a main aisle were the counties of
Southern California in solid array.
Tronble Arises Over Commis
sion's Verbal Xotice That the
"Held-Up'' Demands Be Paid
Some Playhouses Are Deemed
Perfectly Safe, While Others
Are to Be Reconstructed
Asserts That to Best of His
Knowledge Dead Capitalist's
iivnd Was Not Removed
On the Face of Things Lia
bilities and Assets as Contain
ed in Petition Xearlv Balnnee
He Says That Southern Coun
ties Have Secured Better Posi
tion byGetting in the Center
Unless the French republic has cruis
ers to spare from the territory of Ton
kin and soldiers to burn from the
dreary -wastes of Algiers, a low
browed sailor named Louis Corvee will
answer in this country for the murder
of a shipmate named Vincent le Meur.
Yesterday Judge Mogan decided that
the local courts had Jurisdiction over
the prisoner and the offense and com
mitted the prisoner without bail.
The murder was committed on board
the French windjammer Vercingetorix
while she was moored to the Vallejo
street wharf on the night of January
12. f Corvee cut a slit in his partner of
the forecastle because his victim re
fused to romp with him around the
deck at the unholy hour of 11 o'clock at
night. From the effects of the playful
gash Le Meur died. Both men were
citizens of France and the crime was
committed on board of a French ship..
The French Consul at this port de
manded the custody of - the prisoner
from Chief of Police Wittman on the
first day of Corvec's arraignment,
seven days ago. The demand was
based on the articles of the Consular
Convention, signed by " the United
States in 1S52. Prosecutor Greely was
unwilling: to turn over the prisoner to
the tender mercies of a court that sent
Dreyfus to a long confinement on an
uninhabitable island, so he dug out
some dust covered tomes in the Dis
trict Attorney's office. In one of the
cases contained in the volume, legally
known as "120 U. S. Reports," decided
by Chief Justice "Waite, one of the
greatest jurists of modern times, was a
decision reached in the case of People
vs. Weldenhus, to the effect that any
crime committed on board a foreign
vessel that disturbed the peace of the
people residing in the port where the
crime was committed was clearly with
in the jurisdiction of the courts whose
authority extended over such* ports.
It was decided that the Consular
Convention treaty applied only to dis
cipline aboard ship and did not extend
to felonious assaults which might affect
in any manner the quiet or unquiet
that usually covers the water ffont of
a large city. It was shown that in
1S59, eight years after the signing of
the Consular Convention treaty, the
Court of Cassation in France 1 rid ex
actly the same view when it tried and
convicted the captain of an American
ship for killing his mate and seriously
wounding a sailor in the port of Havre.
Judge Mogan listened to the authori
ties cited by Prosecutor Greely . and
committed Corvee on the charge of
murder without bail. His word is as
the law of the Medes and Persians and
never alters. Though the French bom
bard San Francisco and level the Hall
of Justice to the ground. Corvee can
still be found safely landed on the
gTass in Portsmouth square and the
Judge on some roof in. Chinatown,
dealing out equal and exact justice to
all men and looking for a chance to
pass on the French sailor's crime.
The defendant denied all the charges,
and said that her landlady ,was unduly
insistent in overseeing family affairs,
in which she should have had no Inter
est. Judge Cabaniss was puzzled some
what over the conflicting testimony
and allowed the case to be continued
for one week. The fact that the defend
ant had removed to an abode at 220
Kearny street weighed strongly on the
side of acquittal, because the interven
ing distance is an ample guarantee that
no further trouble can come between
the two women, unless one of them is
really looking for it.
Emma Kessinc took her troubles be
fore Judge . Cabaniss yesterday. She
complained that Ellen Raifson had bat
tered her in a flat at 732 Ellis street and
then locked her in a room, where she
rusted in a vile repose for two solitary
day?. Mrs. Kessing claimed to be the
owner of the flat, and said she had
rented it to her alleged assailant and
her husband. She retained one room
for herself, and it was in this narrow
abode where the imprisonment is said
to have occurred. r - :^ \ ' V
fOMHTIOX OF THE BODIES
ALTERATIONS ORDERED
XO BLOWS ARE STRUCK
SCHEDULES SHOW FIGURES
FILCHER IS SURPRISED
Seymour 13. Church Is Ad
judged to Be a Bankrupt
in the United States Court
Samuel A. White Testifies
Kefore John A. Hosmer. Sit
ting a* Court Commissioner
Sacramento Valley Delegates
Demand Change in Allotment
of Boom and Wiggins Yields
Secretary 3Ioran of Civil Ser
vice Board Passes Lie and Au
ditor Baehr Orders Him Out
Murderer Is Held Despite the Claims of Consul
That Local Authorities Have Nor Jurisdiction.
Althea Twins Are Searching for Missing Trunk
Commissioners of Works Snb
mit the Results of Investi
gations to 3fayor Schmitz
CITY OFFICIALS
IN WORDY WAR
FILE A REPORT
ON THEATERS
DEATH OF FAIRS
IS IN QUESTION
PUTS RECEIVER
IN TO MANAGE
TWO SECTIONS
TRADE SPACES
POLICE JUDGE MOGAN FLAUNTS
DEFIANCE TO FRENCH REPUBLIC
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 20. 1904.
Richmond Range.
| PA TTOSIEN*S will sell you a Rich
. mond Range for 52? 50; regular down-
J town crlce. $38. •
The. maximum endurance of a "12-J
inch gun is 300 firings, while the 6-inch
gun. may be fired upward 'of 2000 times
wlthrsJit.lniurv. . „_,
.' George Moenning. a carpenter re
siding in Berkeley, filed sl petition in
insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. He owes $390
and has ?50 assets.
Insolvent Carpenter.
II. M. Langhorne is the defendant in
a suit : for support filed "yesterday by
Ida Langhorne, his, wife. - She charges
that- though, he v earns J2i;a week he
has not provided- for her since last
October.' They were married at San
Rafael thirteen years ago.
Sues Husband for ; Support.
Complain to the Mayor.
Four boys. R. Voelcker, Lane Wells.
Ludwig Hage and Allen Reel, visited
the Mayor's office yesterday and com
plained that they had been discharged
from the United States training ship
Pensacola without funds and that
] they were far from theJr homes,
which are in Eastern cities. They
produced their discharge papers,
which showed that the causes of their
dismissal from the service were "un
desirable and Bureau of Navigation
orders, January 11, 1904." The Mayor
advised the boys to make complaint to
the Federal • authorities- The boys
claim that they have two months'
wages coming 1 to them, but were giv
en no warrants for the same.
Runner Coleman Acquitted.
i Michael Colema«, a boatman and
runner for the Sailors' Home," was
tried* yesterday by United States Court
Commissioner Heacock on a charge of
having aided two seamen to desert
from the British ship Ladas on De
cember 15. Coleman was discharged
for lack of evidence to convict.
The petition of Carolina St.: Quentin
for a revocation of the order appoint
ing Guillermo Mack executor of the
will of William Mack, her husband,
was dismissed yesterday in the Pro
bate Court on motion of the attorneys
for the petitioner. .They also withdraw
all. the charges made against Mack.
7
There's a reason for quittinc the
drug-drink coffee, and there's a rea-
son for drinking Postum. Trial ten
days proves them all.
Look in each package' for a copy
of the famous little book, 'The Hoad
to TVellville."
• His advice was: 'Go to some pro-
vision store and get a box of Postum.
drink it in place of coffee and as you
are confined to your desk to a great
«xtent try and get out in the open air
as much as i>ossible.' I followed his
Instructions regarding Postum.
"At that time my weight was 142
and I was taking all kinds of drugs
and medicines to brace me up, but all
failed: to-day I weigh 163 and all of
my old troubles are gone and all the
credit is due to having followed 'this
wise physician's advice and cut off
the coffee and using Postum in its
place.
"I now consider ray health perfect
I am willing to go before a notary
public and testify that it was all due
to my having used Postum in place of
coffee." Name given by Postum Co..
Battle Creek. Mich.
"I went to consult one of the be*t
physicians in Memphis and he asked
among many questions if I drank cof-
fe«. . ¦
Useless worrying (a form of nerv-
ousness) i* indirectly the result
< through the nerves) of improper
feeding. A furniture man of Mem-
phis says:
"About a year ago I was afflicted
*ith nervous spells, would worry so
ovr-r trivial things.
WORRY
A Sure Starter for 111 Health.
FOSTTJH CEHEAL.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
¦ — ; 997 AND 999 XAK3CET 'STKXHTT. ' '
VERY MUCH STYLE
»**E '3
O
We Deliver the Goods }
Just the Same, jj;
You'll find something doing in the Clothing line every day on *
this corner. Most of our stock is piled on boxes and counters, but the jj
value is in the clothes. . §
Don't Forget This Important Fact.
We guarantee every piece of Clothing we sell. Thousands of pleased
patrons will tell you this if you will only ask them. The Good Things
can't last forever. If you want clothing, be it for Man, Boy or
oo7 and ooo Market Street, S?PLAYED IN KEY OF A FLAT.
SAME THING TRANSPOSED
HALF A TONE, MAKING
THE KEY A NATURAL.
FOLLOWING VOICE OF
THE SINGER,
Townsend's ; Calif ornla glaee fruits and
candies, 50c a pound, m arti3tlc fire
etched boxes . A nice present for Eastern
friends. 71a Market «t.. above Call bids *
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main lQa •
The wise men of Japan, taking counsel with them
selves and .measuring in the balance of judgment the
blessings of peace against the manifold .disasters of war,
have decided that the only loss that the can suf
fer by conflict with Russia is financial. Of what value
then is the lives of the thousands that must fight the bat
tles of the .Mikado and in the dread years which follow
victory or defeat rebuild the shattered fortunes of the
empire?
PATENTS — J. S.. City. The law
governing United States patents guar
antees to the patentee, when he re
ceives a . patent, the exclusive right
for a period of seventeen years to
make, use and vend the. Invention or
discovery throughout the United
States and territories. From "this It
is -clear that if. a man invents a ma
chine and receives a patent no one has
a right to make a machine of tho same
kind for his own use without running
up against a law that provides for the
punishment of any one who infringes
upon a patent.
Even in Germany it has been discovered that an edi
tor has. some rights which others are bound' to respect.
A high German official was fined the other day for in
sulting a knight of the quill, and now* that the editorial
person has been placed in the category of beings .who
may be injured we may expect to see some of them
migrating to scenes where indiscreet criticism is not pun
ished asUt is imGermany.; More than one German edi
tor will pay retribution for j that fine.
gling voice underneath heavy chords,
which, while most beautiful and effec
tive when kept at the back of the stage
(the place intended for them), show
themselves to be all out of proportion
¦when brought into the glare of the
footlights. If the singer is plucky his
voice will rise again and again, only,
however, to be repeatedly downed by
the determined accompanist, who
thrills with inward satisfaction at what
he (with tho best intentions no doubt)
thinks is his brilliant playing.
As a matter of fact the accompanist
is really the most important feature
of the programme, for he keeps the ball
rolling. Without him the concert can
not go on. He is the foundation of
everything. He has it in his power to
make or mar the whole performance.
Let him realize this fact then and try
conscientiously to beautify that which
it is his vocation to do.
He should grasp every opportunity to
read music — not alone accompaniments,
but everv form of written music that
be is able to lay bis hands . on. He
NOT one of the least interesting or instructive by
paths in historical studies is that which leads to
a survey of the repetition in a new age of events
of moment which have passed down into the record of
the years. That history repeats itself has come to be an old
maxim. That history should have repeated itself with
such absolute fidelity as it has done in the affairs of the
Russian strvre during the last. five years is beyond prece
dent. The first years of the new century are witnessing
an identical replica of the Russian diplomatic panorama
which was spread before the eyes, of a wondering world
in the first years of the last. * ,¦
During the occupation of. Paris by the allies after the
battle of Waterloo in. 1815 Czar Alexander, being moved
to dizzy heights of altruism by t^e machinations' of one
Julie Krudener, proposed to his fellow monarchs of the
European dynasties that they unite themselves into a
holy alliance for the; furtherance of God's work on earth
After successfully imbuing: his less hysterical fellows
with enthusiasm for his scheme Alexander 'succeeded in
having hi? ideas incorporated into a' treaty which pledged
the powers concerned "that they solemnly declare that
the present act has- no other object than to publish in
the^face of the whole world their fixed resolution, both
in the administration of their respective "states and in
their political relations with every other. Government,. to
Int crest ing Papyri.
Vkj systematic "search for p-~,rl in
Egypt by the Egypt Exploration Fund
bsgan in/1897, when Drs. B. P. Grenfell
and A. S. .Hunt went to Behnesa, the
si-.e of the ancient Oxyrhynchus. and
were so successful, not only in finding
a large quantity of Greek papyri, but
also some of uniquie interest, such as
the "Sayings of Our Lord." This was
the reason that the Graeco-Roman
branch of the fund came Into existence.
For many- yeara, says the London
t raphic, it has been l-_^wn t'-»~.t papyri
were used in the making of mummy
cartonnage, for it was from this source
that Professor Petrie obtained so many
valuable Greek papyri, but it vas due
to Drs. Grenfell and Hunt that •mum
mied crocodiles were recognized as
librarier of 'considerable importance!
It-is astonishing what an enormous
quantity of papyri a full-sized croco
dile will take to cover-him. In some
instances, too, papyri were found
stuffed in the crocodiles' thrvats.
Among the papyri found at Oxyrhyn
chus are -some that will interest an
sorts and conditions of men— from the
laborer to the society leader, from the
schoolbov to the savant. It is not nec-
HISTORY REPEATS' ITSELF.
SUPREME COURT-C. M. M.. Green
view. Slskiyou County, Cal. The Jus
tices of the Supreme Court of the
United States are: Melville W. F^iller,
Chief Justice; John M. Harlan of Ken
tucky, David J. Brewer of Kansas.
Henry B. Brown of Michigan, Edward
D. w White of Louisiana, Rufua W. Peck
ham of New York, Joseph McKenna of
California, Oliver W. Holmes of Mas
sachusetts and William R. Day of Ohio,
Associate Justices.
This department does not advertise
firms engaged in the manufacture of
anything. ' \
LONG RUN— Theater*, City. The rec
ord for long runs of a play Is given to
"Charley's Aunt" at the Royalty and
Globe theaters, London, December 21.
1892, to February 24, 1897. The next
longest was "Our Boys," Vaudeville
Theater, London, January 16, 1S73, to
April 18, 1879.
COMMISSIONERS— R. G. L,, Monte
rey, Cal. J. A. Filcher and Frank Wig
gins have been appointed the horticul
tural commissioners from California to
the world's fair at St. Louis.
HUTCHINGS* MAGAZINE— Pioneer.
City. A file. of the old California mag
azine published as Hutchings' can be
seen in the local libraries.
: Anszvcrs to Queries.
SILVER CERTIFICATES— S. P.,
City. The United States Government
redeems silver certificates only in
standard silver dollars.
His Majesty the. King.
His trousers were badly frayed and
the Prince Albert coat he wore pos
sessed the earmarks of age. His hat, a
brown derby,' was in such a condition
that even a second-hand dealer would
refuse It a second look. The heels were
worn off his shoes, and the single glove
he carried had not been new for many
a day. In fact, "total wreck" was writ
ten in his every feature and on every
garment, but his airs were those of a
monarch.
When he walked into the Emergency
Hospital the attaches glanced at him
and snickered. But the wreck only
; vouchsafed a scornful glance. "Such
levity," he said, "is unseemly. Get to
your quarters and send hither the
chief."
The chief, in the person of/ Steward
Bucher, stepped forward.
"Your commands, your Highness," he
: said, with a bow that would have done
credit to a courtier.
"Thou art a worthy servant," said the
•wreck; "conduct me to my state apart-
S ments."
"Come hither, Sire," replied the stew
; ard with another salaam, and he led
the wreck into a cell in the insane
ward.
entirely to piano solos. Therefore I
strongly urge all my pupils who are
studying these lessons to embrace
every opportunity that may come to
them to do accompaniment work
In studying the great composers,
which I hope you will all do as time
goes on. you will find quite as much of
their personality put into their songs
their violin music and soon, as in the
music they have written for the piano
And in justice to them, we should view
them from all points, I think, in order
to thoroughly understand their mes
sages to the world.
It is absolutely essential to under
stand how to transpose music, if one Is
to be a thoroughly good accompanist
for very often the key in which a song
is written happens, to be too low or
too high, to suit the voice of the singer.
While songs are sometimes written in
two keys, in a majority of cases it is
not so, and the person singing the song
is obliged to depend upon his accompa
nist to change the key in case the one
in which it (the song) is written is not
suited to his voice. If the pianist is a
student of harmony this is a compara
tively simple matter, but if not, if he
does not understand the value of an
"interval." "chord building" and so
forth, it may be a little difficult for him
to familiarize himself with the different
keys sufficiently to enable him to trans
pose a song from one key to another
at first sight.
The best way for a student to ' ac
quire this faculty is for him to take
vZ\ Sin ? P '? 1UtIe PiCCe ° f Piano m usic
hat he is familiar with and transpose
it. raising it half a tone. That is he
Plays each note half a tone higher than
it is written. Take, for instance, the
tune of "Yankee Doodle." Supposing
it to be written in the key of D the
first few notes would be t*-ese—D D
S- F D> F Sharp ' E - Transpose
this a half tone higher, and it would
be in the key of E flat, thus: E flat
E flat. F (natural), G, E flat, G F <nat'
ural), and yet the tune would be just
the same. I merely give this as an
example, so that the pupil may under
stand just what is meant by "trans
posing." He must not, however, take
fox- study anything so familiar to him
as the example I have just given, for
in such a case he would be transpos
ing by ear only, and not with any real
knowledge of what he wan doing.
Transposition should be done by the
eye and brain, If It is to be of use in
sight reading, therefore let the pupil
choose something he is rather familiar
with, but not enough sa as to play It
from memory.
Dr. Hole's Humor.
Dr. Edward Everett Hale, the new-
Senate chaplain, expresses himself as
vastly pleased with the welcome he ha3
met everywhere in Washington. The
doctor tells with glee of an incident in
Boston at Christmas time. He had
preached in his church and referred to
three great anniversaries in the month
of December. After the sermon a young
reporter said: "Doctor, I can think of
but two anniversaries in December— the
landing of the pilgrims and the short
est day of the year. What was the
third?" Dr) Hale answered: "If you
think it of sufficient importance, young
man, you might add Christmas day to
the landing of the pilgrims and find a
substitute for the other one you men
tioned."
niment that it shall make one perfect
whole, rather than two forces at war
•with each other, is most certainly a
genius and worthy of much musical re
spect.
It is not always that such an accom
panist is to be found, however, and all
too often the soloist's tones are marred
by the determination of the accompa
nist to bring his performance at the
piano into undue prominence.
We have all, I think, suilered while
listening to performances of this kind,
for they are far, far too common, and
one is liable to be oMiged to endure
this form of egotism at the hands of
the accompanist at almost any concert
one happens to attend. It is most an
noying to the singer or soloist of any
kind, and a good accompanist is always
in demand. Therefore our pupil should
give the attention necessary to accom
paniment work and improve every op
portunity to serve his friends and ac
quaintances in that capacity.
A reliable accompanist can make an
excellent living, and there is a large
field open lor any one who is willing to
take up the study of accompaniments
sf-riously.
In the first place he must recognize
the fact that he is not called upon to
perform a duet with the singer (or vio
linist), but that the part of the pro
gramme allotted to him is that of filling
In a background for the subject of the
musical picture, as it were. The singer
tells the story in panoramic form, in
which the principal characters occupy
the center of the stage from beginning
to end. Imagine then what a catastro
phe it is when the background, the
stage setting so to speak, falls forward
to the front of the stage with a re
sounding crash and buries the strug-
PLAYING ACCOM PANT
SI EXTS.
WE find an interesting item in an Illinois paper.
A young couple haH taken leap year by the fore
lock and were married. Nothing singular :n
that. It has been going on in Illinois for years. But the
town paper held them up as an example of' heroism
theretofore unknown in Illinois, from Fever River to the
Sangamon bottoms, because the bride had bravely con
sented to spend the honeymoon on a ranch in Pasadena,
California.
The newspaper pictured the austerities and trials of
life on a ranch, its isolation from society, its unbeautiful
surroundings, its demands on nerve and courage, and
upon this somber . background projected the love-lit
spirit which induced .this brave pair to dare it all and
brave* it all, and survive or perish in the midst of all, in
testimony, to their great absorption in each other.
. , Th.? '^wonder of all this is that there -should be in an
Eastern newspaper office, even, in-. a,.cross roads town
with a country hotel, a blacksmith shop, a saloon and
"an oldest inhabitant." such' ossified and fossiliferous
rgnorance of California. That young couple will leave
home, with a foot of snow ¦, on the ground, the old man
growling about the coal bill and the old woman frugally
darning wool socks of the vintage of 1840, with the hoofs
of the cattle frozen and ready to come off at the first
thaw, with the house banked to the bottom of the win
dows with stable manure to keep the potatoes from
freezing in the cellar and with blankets over them to
help out, and they will journey to the awful sacrifices of
ranch life in California.
When they arrive they will find the ranch house in a
bower of blooming roses and the lawn sprinkled with
daisies and crocus. They will sit in the evening in a par
lor scented by sheaves of flowers, and if there is any fire
it will be the romantic blaze of a hatful of pine cones.
Under the house there will be no cellar, the potatoes will
be new, just out of the ground, and they will be in the
midst of days of bliss and nights elysian, where the tints
of the earth and the hues of the sky, in color though
varied, in beauty may vie, as the poet said of the Levant,
the lesser California.
Hardship indeed, and on a California ranch! The
young couple will 'find' there a telephone by which they
may visit and gossip from Texas to Puget Sound. They
will eat fresh strawberries and shad, and it will seem
like the nectar and ambrosia of Olympus. The conven
tional honeymoon will go by. If then they were back
in Illinois, the bride would be rising to kindle the fire,
and would go out to scrape up an apronful of chips with
an unrbmantic icicle hanging to the tip of her hose. The
bridegroom would come in at night out of the snow to
grease, his boots with tallow and beeswax, and growl at
the bride because she can't find the pain killer to rub on
his chilblains. The romance would have gone glimmer
ing. ,Buton a ranch in California the passing of the
honeymoon, is unknown. The humming birds are help
ing the bees rot> the January 'flowers of their sweets, and
the days go by in a glory of warmth, color and pleasure.
iirjslf Calypso had known of California she would have
made Ulysses Sail straight for the Golden Gate, and
when she arrived, she would have recognized the land of
the lotus and sent immigration agents back to her tight
little islands to bring over the nymphs and their trunks
and chattels.
California is the land of the perpetual honeymoon
Luna transacts no other, business here.' From horns to
full orb she is in that business, and all nature conspires
with her to invite the young and fond here, to eat the
lotus, forget all 'that is behind them, and settle down and
grow up with the country.
A HONEYMOON CLIMATE.
Country Critics.
There could be no question in "the
mind of the most skeptical that they
were newly wedded and on their honey
moon. Even had they not displayed
those peculiarities in dress which coun
try couples affect on their bridal tours
their languishing smiles and inane re
marks would have made known the
fact that they had but recently been
made one. They had come to San Fran
cisco to spend the first sweet days of
married life, and were trying hard to
get their money's worth of sightseeing.
In the course of their perambulations
they had come to an art gallery and
were viewing some celebiMted paint
ings. He was explaining it all to her,
and his original criticisms had attract
ed the attention of other visitors. At
last the' couple came to a' halt before
an excellent reproduction of "The An
gelus," while unnoticed behind them
was a rapidly growing gathering of in
terested listeners.
"Oh, Frank dear," she exclaimed,
"what is that funny looking couple do
ing?"
He cast his eye about for data and
failed to secure any information be
yond that conveyed in the title.
"It is a scene vnear Los Angeles," he
observed. "That is the. way most of the
people down there look when you get
outside of the city. The man and his
wife have been digging potatoes. Now
they are trying to find something they
have lost. The sky-blue-pink-and-yel
low sunset is a fake. The fellow who
painted it probably has not been around
here long and put those colors in "just
to attract attention, as they do with
theater bills. Come along, dearie; let's
look at something more natural."
'A Suggestion.
SAN JOSE. Jan. IS.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir:
Apropos of the "Betterment to Lead
ing Cities of California" in to-day's
Call, an avenue 160 feet or more wide,
from San Francisco to San Jose, with
a park 50 feet wide in the center and
the entire avenue lined with semi
tropical trees and the hardier ones of
the temperate zone, is a suggestion I
have to offer. This would be the finest
avenue in the world.
Palatial homes would eventually line
this avenue: the highest style of the
horticulturist's art 1 would be every
where and arboriculture would be the
universal workaday spirit of every one.
The park, proper, to have the choicest
of flowers. "What an education. Here
would be satisfied the tastes of the
lovers of botany. Landscape architec
ture would be the all-pervading influ
ence and there would virtually be built
one continuous city from San Jose to
San Francisco on the line of this ave
nue. Yes, sir, this would make the fin
est drive extant. It would be the most
instructive one in its art, offering: as it
would the view of the bay. "the moun
tains thereabout and beyond. Sincere
ly, , WILLIAM W. GOODRICH.
When the House of Representatives; sought to destroy
certain evils that have grown out of civil service it cer
tainly was dangerous policy to try to kill the institution
itself. The establishment of business methods and a
tenure of office based upon correct and efficient conduct
are too important to be lightly considered or even threat
ened. The American public pay enough for their politics
without interjecting it offensively into the civil service.
Art of Accompaniment.
ny ANICK TERIHTNE.
Soiir Wntrr. formerly IJireclor of Music In
the College of St. John the ltaptist,
York.
.l'J<>4, by Jos'-ph U. Bowles.)
Many persons who play the piano ex
trtraely well cannot play accompani
ments at all acceptably. There are sev
eral reasons for this, and the first is
that accompanists are. as a rule, born,
not made. Accompanying is a gift by
itself, and a very valuable one. The
musician who is able instinctively to
follow the soloist's every thought and
so to weld together song and accompa-
essary to be a classical or theological
scholar in order to feel an interest in
these documents. Here 13 an invitation
to a wedding in the third century, next
a will, then a schoolboy's letter In
which he upbraids his father for not
taking him to Alexandria, and threat
ens to starve himself if he does not get a
lyre. There are also ifSS. concerning
carpenters, builders, stonemasons.
mouse catchers and nurses. Besides,
there is a small fragment of a poem
written by Sappho, in. the hope of
bringing about a reconciliation with
her brother Charaxus. with whom she
had quarreled because of his devotion
to a slave girl from Naucratis — Rhodo
pis. In Eber's "Egyptian Princess."
Sappho, Charaxus and his wife. Rho
dopls, play important parts. Sappho
was born about 620 B. C, so. thl- papy
rus, which cannot be earlier than the
third century A. D., must have been a
copy of her works.
THE great harmony dinner in New York, eaten by
the invited Democracy and paid for by Tammany,
has been the means of renewing the party jangle
and wrangle. In the first place, it is announced that Mr.
William Randolph Hearst is affronted highly, of such an
altitude that no apology can unaffront him, because he
was not invited. ¦ ,
When McClellan and the Tammany ticket were elected
in New York, Mr. Hearst modestly announced that he
did it, and that victory perched on his banner and
preened its feathers there. Under such circumstances to
deny the company his inspiring presence was something
not to be forgotten. But it is said of him that, in view
of the further fact that he is the leading candidate of the
party for the Presidency, not to give him a chance at the
fried chicken, or at least the opportunity. to send a letter
full of delirious inspiration, was an .injury to the party.
That is not the only crop of trouble planted at that
dinner. Mr. Olney's ascription to Mr. Cleveland was a
breeze fanning all the smoldering Democratic hatred of
the ex-President. Many Southern members of Congress
wheeled their Gatling vocabulary into line and opened on
him. They were not even restrained while he was in the
silent house mourning- over his first born, but went into
interviews attacking and defaming him, their hard spirit
making no truce even in the presence of death. The
spectacle led Senator Dubois of Idaho to declare that
the Democracy cannot be got to agree on the Ten Com
mandments.
The scene has its sad and instructive features. Mor
gan and Gorman are fighting the President on Panama,
while the Legislatures of Louisiana and Mississippi are
instructing their Senators to support the administration
and ratify the treaty, and the commercial bodies and
press of the South are unanimously joined in the same
course.
Out of all these sounds of confusion and creature com
plaints issues the last and only possible cry to the coun
try to justify the election of a Democratic President. An
eminent Massachusetts Democrat says that he is the
friend of Mr. Olney. but that Olney is ah impossible can
didate, for he doesn't know politics when he meets it in
the middle of the street with a cow bell on its neck. This
gentleman says that the safety of the future requires a
Republican Senate and House and' a Democratic Presi
dent. He views Mr. Roosevelt with alarm, but his posi
tion concedes that the Republican party is the ark of
national safety, therefore, it should continue in control
of Congress.
This undoubtedly discloses «the plan of campaign for
this year. Republicans will be asked to trade the Presi
dency for Cdngress. It is expected that, this will utilize
the enmity of the trusts against the President, and will
secure the votes ; of all-,the grafters, boodlers and swill
suckers who have been hard hit by the President in his
campaign of purification;— It is really Mr. Bryan's fusion
plan over again, ' without formal action as in his case.
The Adullamites all over the country will be asked to be
patriotic and save their country from injury, by.yoting
in a Republican Congress, and at the same time save
their dollars' gained ¦•dishonestly and«in some cases them
selves from 'prisoh'^'and fatten 1 their grudges, by voting in
a Democratic President. ., ..'. |
We find it unthinkable that the country should indorse
such a programme. Its proposition is based : upon "the
declaration that President Roosevelt is, unsafe, tfcat he
precipitates crises, that he disturbs business. How?
Have not these very men howled unceasingly for enforce
ment of the anti-trust laws, and that the President's rigid
and always successful enforcement of them constitutes
the disturbance of business, with which he is charged?
In the same count is included Cuban reciprocity, but
only ten Democratic votes were cast against it, and the
leading papers of that party everywhere supported it.
Again, it is charged that he is hasty to the verge of peril
to the national peace. How? In what matter has hp
shown inconsiderate impetuosity? Here Panama is
charge'd as an offense. If Morgan, or Gorman, or' Olney
had been President will either say that he would have
done differently?
This country has had to obey 1 its / responsibility under
the treaty of 1846, by guarding the isthmus" through fifty
three revolutions against New Granada and Colombia.
These outbreaks were caused by Bogota's .misgovern
ment of the isthmus. But did they admonish Bogota to
institute there better government, as a means to stability
and order? No, and for the obvious reason that the pres
ence of the United States forces each time enabled Bo
gota to subject the isthmians to her misrule. Under
such circumstances it was to be expected that Bogota
would^ reciprocate by ratifying • the canal treaty, after
having dictated its terms and conditions and given it ex
ecutive sanction. But that was not done. When the ex
pected revolution ensued what were we to do? Were we
to proceed, the fifty-fourth time, to enable the suppres
sion of the independent aspirations of Panama, and con
tinue in power there a government that refused to gov
ern well at home and to keep faith abroad?
There is not a thoughtful American, who appreciates
the importance of the canal and the honor of his country,
but will say that the fifty-third subjection ofrthelisthmus
was sufficient, and that President Roosevelt took the
course dictated by national honor and humanity. *- Then
where is the impetuous "spirit, which imperils peace, in a
policy that serves mankind and has prevented the fifty
fourth murderous war on the line of the world's high
way?
Minus the Moral.
This is a story without a moral. A
true tale, however, and treasured in
the archives of the Washoe Club as an
argument in favor of poker and hard
liquor and an illustration of how things
sometimes happened in Virginia City's
mad, delirious prime. The hero of this
chapter from the early 70s was W. B.
Thornberg, who twenty years before
had made a name for himself as Sheriff
of Yuba County. - He is dead now, but
the story of how his fortune was found
ed, the tale without a moral, still lives.
Thornberg had been speculating in
Savage. His little all was tied up in
the stock,' which was steadily dropping
In value. As the stock's worth -waned
the greater waxed Thornberg's disgust
at his choice of investment.
"I'm going to sell jhy Savage right
away," he told a friend. "It goes lower
and lower and first thing I know it
won't bring enough to buy me a ticket
to San Francisco."
On his way to order the sale of his
stock, however, Thornberg dropped into
the Washoe Club, where he waS per
suaded to take a hand in a poker game.
The game proved fascinating. It con
tinued all that night, went along with
out interruption until the next day's
sun arose and was still going when
darkness once more fell. As he played
Thornberg drank whisky. The strain
of the game, lack of sleep and the gen
erous flow of liquor finally wore him
out and when he went to bed it was to
sleep the round of the clock.
Upon awakening his first thought was
of his stock. "It's pinched out by this
time and I'm busted sure," he solilo
quized as he bathed his aching head
and prepared to visit his broker and
learn the worst.
Soon after Thornberg started to play
poker rumors of a strike in Savage had
reached Virginia City. The drooping
stock revived. The rumor was con
firmed. The stock went up by leaps
and bounds. When Thornoerg returned
to earth it was quoted at $300 a share
and when he sold his holdings netted
him nearly $250,000.
should read something new every day
—and the more the better, in fact, he
should keep at it until he can read
music at sight as fluently as he can
read, a novel — and then keep at it still
more.
Next, he should follow the singer's
voice absolutely and utterly. He must
never branch out into his own inter
pretation of the song, ; even when he
considers that the singer has the wrong
interpretation. When he starts to ac
company the voice he loses all respon
sibility of direction. His mission is to
follow, and to follow so in the footsteps
of his leader that the feet of both shall
leave but one impression.
He must listen to the words of the
song as they leave the mouth of the
singer, so that he may keep in perfect
touch with song and singer at the same
time.
He must feel the song as the singer
feels it — must express the- same en
thusiasm when approaching the climax
that he feels to be vibrating the voice
of the singer. Side by side they should
so through the softer passages and in
the fortissimo (very loud) parts the
singer should never fall to feel the sus
taining power of the accompaniment.
The accompanist's eyes and ears must
be everywhere at once. He must train
his mind so that as His eyes rest on the
music they not only take in the notes
of the singer (as his ears take in the
words of the song), but they must at
the same time read ahead a measure
or two, in order to be prepared for any
sudden freak of the soloist— any varia
tion in time, a crescendo or an un
looked-for ritard.
The pupil will, I think, understand,
afte.- reading this lesson, that 'he art
oC accompanying is net to be treated
lightly. It is, however, a most delight
ful accomplishment, and is, as I said
b3fore, a most lucrative profession, if
one is willing to work a little hard at
first. The real work comes only at
first, too, for when one has once
learned how to accompany, it is never
forgotten. If one works hard at it for
a while,, it all comes in time, and, put
ting aside all thought of the money one
may earn in this way, the boy or girl,
man or woman, who can play accom
paniments well is always in great de
mand and most deservedly popular,
when people wish to arrange a Jolly
evening. In other words, an accompa
nist is never a "wallflower" — he cannot
be, because too much depends upon
him.
To look at the matter more seriously,
accompaniment playing is splendid
mental and musical training for any
one, even if his whole aim is to be a
solo pianist. He gains musical insight,
quickness of thought and a power for
understanding what he reads on sight
that is hardly to be gained in any other
way. Moreover, his horizon is wid
ened constantly, and he is brought in
touch with music that he would know
nothing of if he were to confine himself
take for their sole guide the precepts of that holy relig
ion, namely, the precepts of Justice, Christian Charity
and Peace." Within five years of that time Czar Alexan
der, the founder V>f, this Holy Alliance, was offering to
march his army into Spaing to crush the patriot army
which was fighting against tyranny. This was the teach
ings of that "holy religion." '
In August, 1898," there came from Czar Nicholas an im
perial rescript borne by the dove of peace over the
troubled waters of European diplomacy, a very olive
branch to the world. It was a plea for universal disarm
ament; the world over righteousness and peace should
kiss one another. "This, by the help" of God, will be a
happy presage for the century which is about to open.
It will converge into one powerful focus the efforts of
all states sincerely seeking to make v the great conception
of universal peace triumph over the elements of . trouble
and discord."
To that peace congress which was invoked by the
grace of God and the piety of Czar Nicholas, there came
all nations to listen to the angelic voice of peace on
earth, -good < will toward men. Japan was there; China
was there. Now within the fleeting, space . of .five years
we see this altruistic Czar marshaling all of his resources
so that the weight of his mailed fist may be laid upon
the power which is endeavoring to check his benevolent
assimilation of • all 'Asia. • ,
By both Alexander and his soulful successor the grace
of the Almjghty was invoked "in behalf of schemes for
the relief of the ills of suffering mortals. Both rulers
earnestly desired that all the powers co-operate with
them in their mission of charity. They were willing to
become the humble instruments of divine power; to be
the little light to shine in a naughty world. Alike Alex
ander and Nicholas forgot: straightway when the red
prize of war glinted before their eyes. *
THE INHARMONY DINNER.
THE SAN t FRANCISCO CALL, , /WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1904.
THE SAN FRIANGISCQ GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ? ? . . ? ? . ? ? .Address AH > Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office . <J^ilii§ls> . . • • .Tliirtl and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY /. ...%.:• .'.". .T. .."..'.. .JANUARY 20. 1904
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESAndrew J. Ralston, trustee of the
*^tate of Catherine A. Hanna, brought
suit yesterday to have the trust ter
minated and his report as such trustee
settled and approved. The defendants
in the suit are John and Peter N.
Hanna, beneficiaries under the trust
The estate involved is worth $100,000.
Wants Trust Terminated.
At a meeting of the Oakland Water
Front Com pan j'. which is also con
trolled by the Pacific Improvement
Company, on the same day. General
Manager Shepard of the latter corpo
ration was appointed secretary to suc
ceed S. A. Shaw. It was stated by Mr.
Shepard yesterday that the changes,
were simply made for the purpose of
business convenience and bore no par
ticular significance.
As a result of a recent meeting of
the stockholders of the Pacific Im
provement Company held in this city
a number of changes have been made
in the general offices. Richard Der
by, who has held the position of sec
retary of the company for some time,
has been relieved of his title, which
is added to that of the general man
ager. Mr. Derby, however, retains the
secretaryship of the subsidiary con
cerns, among: them the Guatemala
Central Railroad, which has long been
controlled by the Pacific Improve
ment Company. The three heaviest
stockholders of the company. General
Hubbard of New York, the Stanford
estate and the Crocker estate, were
represented at the annual meeting by
Horace G. Platt, Charles Lathrop and
Charles E. Green, respectively.
Secretary Richard Derby's Duties Are
Assigned to General Manager
Shepard.
CHANGES IN PACIFIC
IMPROVEMENT COMPANY
To-morrow, Mrs. Driscoll will give a
luncheon at the University Club. Cov
ers will be laid for fourteen guests.
To-day Miss Gertrude Jolliffe. will be
hostess at a luncheon at her pretty
Moorish home. Miss Margaret Newhall,
Miss . Jane; Wilshire, Miss Margaret
Mee, Miss limily Wilson, Miss Florence
Cole and Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith
will be among the guests.
Has It gone forth that Miss Cal
laghan, the charming fiancee of Vincent
de Laveaga, was the girl who caught
the , bridal bouquet at Mrs. Andrew
Welch's wedding?' It was. I saw her
catch it. And do not prognostications
make good? ",•»¦[« V-..: _
On .Monday next Mrs. George C.
Bpardman '.. will entertain the bridal
party of the Drown wedding at a din
ner at her hospitable home. ¦¦'.- '¦"¦''/ :\-
¦ ¦ I •. . V . -f:.i i;riV>-.i?
Mrs. Herbert Folger. Mrs. Sanborn, Mrs.
Florence Pflngst. Miss Anna Beaver, . Mrs.
James M. Goewey, Mrs. William G. Irwln,
Mr*. Ralph Harrlgon. Mrs. W» B. Harrington
Mrs. John F. Swift. Mrs. Page, Mrs. James
Moody and Mrs. Drake, wife of Commander
Drake. *,> . ,
The ugly and lofty fence that has
walled in for many years a lot In the
back of the Charles Crocker property,
standing on Sacramento street and bit
ing out a portion of the handsome
grounds that extend through from
I California street to Sacramento, is
finally to be torn down and a neighbor
hood eyesore will be done away with
forever.
Years ago Charles Crocker, as the
story goes, refused to pay an exorbi
tant price for the lot that the fence has
Inclosed. There had been several in
succession raises in price on the part of
the then owner of the land. Finally
Crocker caused a high fenca to be
erected, so securely braced, that the
stiff breezes from the west and the
gales in winter could not move It more
than they could the Rock of Gibraltar
had it been in that spot.
\At various times it has been reported
that the property, had ' been finally
bought by the heirs of the Crocker es
tate, but these have repeatedly proved
to be false. Still the fence stood and a
new generation talked abo^t It and
tourists asked questions about it.
Charles Crocker prepared to cap Nob
Hill with his mansion. Yung died
some years ago and the property came
I into the possession of Yung's widow.
She is dead and the lot, all fenced in,
fell to the ownership of Yung's chil
dren.
They have sold it to Thomas J. Bar
bour, an agent of the Cr.ckers. The
space that the fence has so long in
closed will be covered with lawn anJ
flowers and the Crocker property will
hereafter include an entire block
bounded by Taylor,' Jones, California
and Sacramento streets.
Yung Heirs Sell Lot Long 1 in
Controversy to Heirs of the
Millionaire Railroad Builder
In all probability the petition will be
referred to the Committee on Health
when it is read at the board's meeting
next Monday.
It is the opinion of the clerks In the
oftlce of the Supervisors that some at
torney who is a, practical joker* has
formulated the petition with the idea
of aidinK .some love-lorn maidens j to
secure husbands under penalty of the
law.
companying ordinance be passed, I
am, very truly yours,
"ERNESTINA SCHMINDT."
Bright and early the closing-out clothing:
sale will sell men's all-wool tailor-made
suits for 50c on the dollar: Namely,
$12.50 suits for $6.25. $17.50 suits for
$8.75, $22.50 suits for $11.25, etc. Every
suit is marked in plain figures. What is
left when Olson lakes charge of the
store will be shipped to Tacoma. Do not
let these goods be removed. Save your
money when there is a chance like this
at the closing-out clothing sale, 915
Market st.,' opp. Mason. •
To-Morrow Morning
CROCKER FENCE
TO COME DOWN
MR. AND MRS. J. HENRI JA
COT-GUILLARMOD; WHO
WEDDED IN SACRAMENTO.
In her communication Miss
Schmindt calls attention to a procla
mation issued by Mayor W. J. Wyn
coop of Severance, Kans., declaring
that bachelors must accept offers of
marriage under penalty of forfeiting
their citizenship. Miss Schmindt fur
ther says:
"In this city it is a notorious fact
that there are hundreds of single men
in all walks of life of marriageable
age and well qualified to take
unto themselves a wife.
"I think that there should be a
law in this city making it a misde
meanor for any man - to refuse
to marry a young lady who proposes
to him so long as it does not inter
fere with the principles of his reli
gion. And I think it is in accordance
with. God's ordinance that every man
should be married. ' This being leap
year, a young lady. would have. the ex
cuse to make the proposal. Hoping
that vour . honorable board will • see
the justice of my request that the ac-
• ' Ernestina* Schmlndt filed a petition
yesterday with ! the Board, of Super
visors that an ordinance be , passed*
providing that "any male person over
the age of 21 upon being proposed to
by an unmarried female over the age
of IS years and who is of the same
religion and is not engaged . or pro
hibited by the law from intermarrying
who shall refuse to accept such pro
posal and' to marry said female shall
be guilty of a misdemeanor."
Ernestlna Schmlndt Asks Board of
Supervisors to Pass Law Making
It Mlsdemeanor.,to -, .¦ -
WOULD FORCE BACHELORS
TO ACCEPT PROPOSALS
A dance will be given by Mr. and
Mrs. A. Chesebrough and their two
charming daughters. Misses Edith and
Helen, February 3. at their home on
Clay street. Seventy guests will be in
vited, and they will be "thawable"
guests, mostly young folk. What a Joy
youth is when rightly manipulated!
• • • <-*
The State auxiliary to .the Naval
Clubhouse of Vallejo held a meet-
Ing yesterday at the Hotel Riche
lieu. On Tuesday, January 26,
an invitational entertainment will
be given, after which the boxes
will be raffled for the large entertain
ment to take place Wednesday evening,
February 3, at 8- o'clock. It will be a
benefit performance In aid erf the build
ing fund for the Naval Clubhouse in
Vallejo. The entertainment will be
given at the Alhambra Theater by the
sailor lads. The chaplain— think of it
is to be the stage manager. Forty thou
sand dollars must be raised before the
house can be completed. A committee
was appointed to wait upon the Red
Cross, the Native Daughters and nu
merous other societies and clubs, and
{jreat help Is expected from them. The
officers of the auxiliary to the Naval
Clubhouse of Vallejo are:
.Mr*. F. McCalla. president; Mrs. George H.
Oulton. secretary; Mrs. Herbert Folger. treas
urer: Mrs. Eleanor Martin, first vice president;
board of directors — Mrs. William Tevis, Mrs.
W. G. Irwin. Mm Horace Hill,' Mrs. Monroe
Salisbury, Mrs. Arthur MacArthur; assistant
treasurer. Miss McCalla; assistant secretary,
Mrs. Coolidge.
• ? •
The members present at the meeting
were: ...
Mrs. F. McCalla. Mrs. George H. Oulton, ,
A dinner of note was given last night
by J. K. Armsbv at the Cosmos Club.
The new dining-room was ornate with
greenery and the table of honor was
graced with American Beauty roses.
The following guests were entertained:
Charles Henkel. Pueblo. Colo.: W. F. Greer.
Pueblo Colo.: Fred Best, Denver, Colo.:
Charles Hatfield. Denver, Colo.: Chauncey
Cowell Denver OoUJ. : V. W. Cornwall, Chi
cago; W J Hotchkiss. San Francisco; Frank
I Towle St. Paul, Minn.; J. K. Armsbr.
Chicago ; 'George N. Armsby, San Francisco;
P. L. Kirg. San Francisco.
After the wedding ceremony a recep
tion, fcllowed and at a late hour the
young people left for a three weeks'
trip to the south. The following guests
were present:
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Oakley, Mr. and Mrs. G.
H. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Greenlaw. Mr.
and Mrs. Peter Bohl, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Ed
inger, Mr. and Mrs. Albert E!kus>, Mr. and
Mrs. John Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. Charles E.
Mack, Mr. and Mrs. F. Hichborn. Mr. and
Mrs. F. J. Johns, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Woods,
Mr. and Mrs. G. H. McLaughlin. Mr. and
Mrs. W. Duncan, Mr. and Mrs. N. W. Robins,
Mr. and Mrs. Elisha McCormick. Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Ormerod, Mrs. Hornick. Mrs.
Julia McConnell, Mrs. C. J. Hoge, Mrs. Fran
ces Moeller, Mrs. M. L. Tappan. Mrs. Loul«e
McC. Gavlgan. the Misses Bertie and Emma
Groth, the Misses Mollie and Amanda Tlth
erington. Miss Amy Greenlaw, Miss Jennie
Fay, Miss Fannie I. Safford. Miss Amelia
Bohl, Miss Lottie Shepstone, Miss Ethel Lat-
Bon, Miss Emma Kelly, Miss Millie Hunt.
Miss Blanche Hunt, Miss Ruby Cooper. Miss
Sue Pierson. Miss Elita Pierson, MIbs Carolyn
White. Miss Mabel Siller. Miss Ethel Olson,
Miss Mabel McCormick, Miss Florence Wieger,
Miss Mayme House. Miss Macie Flint; Messrs.
OUa Elwood, Henry Levieon. E. A. Bush,
Charles McConnell. Carleton H.' Johnson, C. A.
Dowsing. Mr. and Mrs. George McKee and
Mrs. J. Fox of Placerville. Mrs. Stanley Jew
ett and Miss Winifred Jewett of Maryeville,
Mrs. W. E. Lemmon and Miss Vera Lemmon
of Reno, Nev. ; Mrs. G. W. Grupe of Stockton,
D, Ross Atkinson and Angelo Baldocchi of
San Francisco. • .
The home of the bride was trans
formed into a bower of beauty by the
prodigal use of roses, carnations and
palms. The bridal table was radiant
with American Beauties twined in tulle,
with pink shades. Magnolia blossoms
filled the air with tropical perfume,
while the palms bore out the semblance.
The service was performed at high
noon by Rev. Dr. Case, the assistants
at the ceremony being Angelo Baldocchi
and D. Ross Atkinson for the groom
and Miss Mabel McCormick, maid of
honor, and Miss Sue Pierson and Miss
Ruby Cooper, maids for the bride.
The bride was radiant in a gown of
cream pofnt over taffeta, with a dainty
veil of tulle enveloping her figure*.
The maid of honor, Miss McCormick,
was gowned in pink mousseline de soie,
while the bridesmaids wore dainty
frocks of pink and white chiffon.
A wedding of unusual interest took
place last week In Sacramento, when
Miss Zetta McCormick became the bride
of J. Henri Jacot-Guillarmod of San
Francisco.
The bride is a stunning girl of the
capital city smart set and the groom
is well known in San Francisco as the
manager of a big millinery establish
ment.
By Snllie Sharp.
Assistant Surgeon Charles W. Farr
has reported for duty at Fort Mason.
Mrs. Farr is visiting" friends in San
Francisco, but will shortly join her hus
band at the post.
The board appointed to examine of
ficers of the corps of engineers for pro
motion will ocnvene within the next few
days at the Presidio. The board is com
posed of Lieutenant Colonel William H.
Heucr, corps of engineers; Lieutenant
Colonel Thomas H. Handbury, corps of
engineers: Lieutenant Colonel George
H. Torney, deputy surgeon general, U.
S. A.; Major John Millis, corps of en- j
frineers. and First Lieutenant Charles I
W. Farr, assistant surgeon. U. S. A. i
The junior engineer officer of the board
will act as recorder.
The Pacific Coast is soon to have the
finest military maneuvering grounds in
this country, and they are to be located
in San Luis Obispo County and that
immediate vicinity. Three magnificent
tracts of land have been offered to the
Government. In each is about 20,000
acres. The choice rests among the
Nacimiento rancho, Santa Margarita
rancho and the J. H. Henry property.
The committee originally sent to look
into the question favored the Naelmien
to rancho, but as rumors reached
Washington that fevers and malaria
lurked in that vicinity a halt was called
in the proceedings until an examination
could be made by a medical board. Con
sequently the Government sent Colonel
George H. Torney and Major William
Stephenson to look into the matter.
They are much pleased with all the
properties in question, and an elaborate
report has been prepared by them,
•which goes to Washington this week.
The lands are all described as being en
tirely suitable as sites for a permanent
military camp, where all the United
States troops and State militia could
meet and be r>ut through all sorts of
maneuvers and drills. For this camp
Congress is willing to appropriate 5500,
000. There are to be three other camps
of a similar nature in different parts of
the country.
The squadron of the Ninth Cavalry
under command of Major John Bigelow
Jr. is daily being put through its paces.
Three times a week the whole squadron
turns out, and on the alternating days
the individual troops are being drilled.
The present grounds are not at all ade
quate for the maneuvers of the squad
ron, and it will only be a short time be
fore it will be necessary to utilize the
golf links for the purpose. The links at
the present time are not quite in Ehape,
as the recent rains have made the
grounds soft and slippery. By the be
ginning of March they will be in fine
condition, and then the cavalry will
have a chance to go under full swing.
The new council of the golf club, com
posed of Lieutenant Joseph S. Oyster,
U. S. A., retired; Harry W. Hoyt, Dr. J.
R. Clark, Robert Woods and Fred H.
Beaver, will undoubtedly be equal to
the emergency and will be able to se
lect another eligible site a little farther
from the city.
All attempts to try to find the colored
soldier who slashed Mrs. John M. Car
ney have practically been abandoned.
Mrs. Carney has vsiited the barracks
many times to try to locate the man
who made an attempt on her life, but
she has been unsuccessful and cannot
locate him. The wound on her neck* and ,
face is slowly healing, but she will j
wear an ugly scar through life.
Unless General Warfield, lessee of the
California Hotel, and the owners of
that property,, among them William
O'Brien Macdonough, soon arrive at
some satisfactory agreement regarding
a new lease of the well-known Bush
street hostelry, its present manager v wlll
retire on May 1. The present lease of
the hotel expires on the last day of
April and in anticipation of this fact
General Warfield and the local agents
of the owners have been trying to ar
range for a new lease of the property.
The owners have notified General War
field that an advance in the rental of
the hotel will be demanded upon the
renewal of his present lease and have
inserted other provisions in the docu
ment which have made it objectionable
to the lessee. Several conferences be
tween the interested parties have been
held, but with no satisfactory result,
and it was finally decided to refer the
entire matter to representatives of the
Macdonough property in the East. To
them General Warfield's objections and
his suggestions of modifications of the
terms of the proposed new lease have
been submitted and on their answer
depends entirely the future of the Cali
fornia Hotel In so far as the general's
Interest in it is concerned.
The local representatives of William
O'B. Macdonough stated yesterday that
there was n6 unfriendly feeling in the
matter, for they fully recognized the
fact that 'under General "Warfield's
stewardship, covering the last ten
years, the California Hotel had been
conducted in' a very satisfactory man
ner and they would be glad to re-lease
the property, to him in preference to
any one else. They admitted, however,
that their "principals are anxious to
realize a larger Income from the hotel
and would probably Insist on an in
creased rental, even if it. -was necessary
to find a new lessee.
In speaking^ of. the matter last even
ing General Warfield said that he ex
pected to know definitely in 'a few days
whether he, would remain as manager
of the hotel for another ten years. He
said he was prepared to retire if the
owners of the property refused to mod
ify the conditions of the new lease, but
he was hopeful that ¦ they would con
sider his suggestions- in a favorable
light. General Warfleld assumed the
management of the California Hotel ten
years ago when it was not regarded as
a' paying property owing to its then
objectionable location. His manage
ment was^soon' attended.; with success
and before , he had been many months
in charge of the hotel he had rid the
neighborhood of objectionable sur
roundings and fostered several public
measures that eventually resulted in
the improvement of the streets in the
vicinity and the bringing of good ten
ants into them.,., At present his hotel is
filled. with permanent guests, who wait
with much anxiety a settlement of the
existing difficulties, for they are re
luctant to lose the comforts of the home
that General Warfield's management
has provided for them.
The Chamber of Commerce has ar-'
ranged to* hold its seventh annual ban
quet at the Palace Hotel next Satur
day night. This will be the first affair
of its kind that the organization of
commercial men has held since 1892.
The original plan was to honor Gov
ernor Taft with a feast and brilliant
speeches, but since that official has
announced his intention of taking only
a birdseye view of this city from the
deck of a Government tug it was de
cided to hold the festivities without
him. The banqueters will hear a large
number of eloquent addresses by men
prominent In most of the higher walks
of life. No pains will be spared to
make the affair successful from every
point of view.
Some of those who will speak are
Charles Spear of the Harbor Commis
sion. University. Presidents Wheeler
and Jordan, Professors Bernard Moses
and Carl Plehn, Hugh Craig, ex-presi
dent of the Chamber of Commerce, and
H. D. Loveland, president of the Pa
cific Coast Manufacturers', and Jobbers'
Association. Before, after, and. be
tween these addresses will be read the
annual Chamber of Commerce reports
by the president, secretary, treasurer,
librarian, election committee and the
Washington bureau.
At the first meeting of the trustees
following the annual meeting of the
chamber yesterday resolutions were
adopted favoring the installation of a
pneumatic tube service for mails in
San Francisco, and requesting the
Washington authorities to permit beef
sold to the navy on this coast' to be
put into barrels made of California
woods. E. Scott was re-elected to serve
as secretary, treasurer and librarian for
the year of 1904. The following stand
ing committees were then appointed:
Finance — E. R. Dlmond, Thomas Rlekard
Library— F. L. Brown, ¦William L. Gerstle
and William H. Marston.
Membership — Jamee B. Smith, Thomas Rlek
ard and H. D. Loveland.
Arbitration — H. Rosenfeld, William R.
Wheeler, R. P. Jennings, James Rolph Jr. and
C. H. Bentley.
Appeals — William L. Gerstle, James A. Fol
ger and W. A. Dutton.' ¦ ,
Foreign Commerce and Revenue Laws — W.
R. Wheeler, C. H. Bentley and R. P. Jen
nlncs.
Internal Trade and Improvements — W. . J.
Dutton. James B. Smith and F. L. Brown.
Harbor and Shipping — William H. Marston,
H. Rosenfeld and James Rolph Jr..
Reception and Entertainment — H. P. Jen
nings, Thomas Rlckard and H. D. Loveland.
New Permanent Military Camp
Will Offer Good Opportunities
for General Troop Drilling
Affair First of Its Kind Ar
ranged by the Organization
in Period of Twelve Years
On a Decision From the Mac
donoughs Depends Whether
Present Lessee Will Remain
BANQUET IS ANNOUNCED
MATTER IS IN ABEYANCE
LOCATION IS DESIRABLE
Government Board of Medicos
Beports Favorably on Lands
in San Luis Obispo County
Manager of the California and
Owners Are Contending Over
Provisions of a New Lease
Members and Friends of the
Chamber of Commerce Will
Be Given a Splendid Treat
Prominent Member of Society in Capital City Weds
Merchant of San Francisco While Surrounded
by Friends Who Prophesy Happiness for Her
FARFIELD MAY
GIVE UP HOTEL
MANY LEADING
MEN T0 SPEAK
MANEUVER SITE
FOR THE COAST
WEDDING OF GREAT INTEREST
TO SACRAMENTANS SOLEMNIZED
THE SAM I FRANCISCO : CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 20, 1S01.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR ""H^:"
; .General Manger.
TO-K1OHT— UL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
"Hilarity ran riot."— Call.
"One o£ the Alcazar hits."— Chronicle.
/ V \ 1 V. 9j * laturlted
V /\ f** y^- like ldlot«. w —
%3 Jr\ V— -« A%^ Aahton Stevens.
Full of Fun. Droll Types, the Western Widow.
the Pugilist, the Crushed Tragedian, the.
Auto Accident, the Buffalo Hunt.
Evgs., 25c to 75c: Mat.. Sat. A Sun.. 13c to 50o
MON. NEXT— Fine Production of
THE MASQUBRADERS
BY HENRY ARTHUR JONES.
CENTRALS
Btlasco & Mayer, Proprietors.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL, THIS WEEK.
MATINEE3 SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Record-Breakins Success.
A BOWERY GIRL
Greatest of Us-to-Date Melodramas.
Sensations Without Number!
Jollity In Abundance!
Vivid Fire Scene! Dynamite Explosion!
Sontr and Dance Specialties!
ALL. CENTRAL, FAVORITES IN CAST.
PDIPFC Evenings 10c to 50c.
iniW£j Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c.
January 25th — The Magnificent Dramatic
Spectacle, QUO VAAIS.
MATINEE SATtTBD AT— AH Tni* WeeS
THE SWEETEST STORY EVER TOIJ>
The Pretty Pastoral Drama
ONE NIGHT IN JUNE
William J. Holmes
And an Excellent Cast
Beginning NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
1A7. l-f. TURNEH
In a Splendid Production of
DAVID HARUM
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES
IlKXn THEM SINO "ALONG THE LINE."
Along the line, alorg the line.
Cn a Saturday afternoon, when the season's
fine.
You'll find society. In great variety.
Coming- and going, its best graces showtac*
A'.onst t^e line.
ONE OF THE BIO HITS IN
THE BEAUTY SHOP
Jammed with New Sonrs. Novelties. Special-
ties. The crack-a-jack musical Comedy of all.
presented by our
. Wonderful "ALL-STAR" CAST.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
DEAVES' MERRY MANIKINS
Ana a Great Show Every Af teraooa and
Eveninjr in tha Heated, Theater.
AMERICAN. CHINESE AND PHILIPPINE
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Mazs.
BABY XJ3OFAKD ZX THE ZOO I
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
• Admission. 10c: Children. 5c.
When Phoninc, Ask for "The Chutes.**
Racing! Sillily Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB,
Commencing January 4.
Raclns Each Week Day. Rain or Shine.
Six or More Eaces Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
FOr special trains stopping at the track tak«
S P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking In
last two cars, which are reserved for ladles
and their e«cortJ».
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
-1:45 aiul immadlrtely after the la«t race.
- THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
fi fi PATENTSl . J
, 330 r^ARnzT sr. si. **^
AMUSEMENTS.
If ULUEVlJSS A IEAOISQ THEATSI
SECOXD AND LAST WEEK
S5& LANGTRY
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
"MRS. DEERING'.S DIVORCE."
Thursday. Friday and Saturday Nights and
Saturday Matinee.
First Times Here of Sydney Grundy's
"THE DEGENERATES"
Next Sun., German Performance — Alameda
Lustspiel Ensemble in "Ala lch Wiederkam."
Next Monday — "A Chinese Honeymoon."
{||JHH[JUmmJE3EEBBBIBBM53ByTgHf'"'i t * t^
I SEAT SALE |
—FOR THE— Li
CHINESE I
HONEY- I
MOON I
* 'Opens 9 a. m. 5J
TO-MORROW. J|
CALIFORNIA
THIS WEEK. EZ^
The Successful Uelodrama
THEFATALWEDD1N6 1
a NEXT MONDAY NIGHT. H
[1 L1EBER & CO.'S mejnlflcent pro- I
m ductlon of Hall Calne'» Power- «±
El ful Play. I?
I THE ETERNAL CITY |
H With EDWARD MORGAN and the El
|| Entire Brilliant New York Cast a
rj Special Music by Mascagnl. tj
J* SEATS NOW ON SALE.. H
ENTICING VAUDEVILLE!
Stein-Eretto Family; Stanley and
Wilson; Kelly and Violettejv Irving
Jones; Howard Thurston; YVallno
and Mnrinette; Asra; White and
Simmons and Orpheum Motion
Pictures. ,
Regular Matinees. Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. 25«
and 50c.
TIVOLlSo^
SECOND WEEK AND TREMENDOUS
' SUCCESS.
When Johnny
Comes Marching Home.
A Military Spectacular Comic Opera by Stan-
islaus Stange and Julian Edwards.
Martial Music! Picturesque Scenery! North-
em Soldiers and Southern Sweethearts!
. MATINEE SATURDAY.
Usual Popular Prices... ....... 25c, 60c and 75c
Box Seati $1.00
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL JO-ISIight SJ
NEXT TO NEW TIVOLI
BURTON HOLMES
LECTURES
Magnificent Colored Views
Realistic Motion Pictures
TO-MORROW A I A - Q \T -?, , I I
EVENING 'r\ I— r\ O IV •' '* II
The Yukon.. the Klondike and Cape Nome.
S P ecfat T MaU°e\ Y at 3 YellOWStOlie Patf
Beats $1.00, 75c, 50c, at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
.. ¦ -. ¦ . -.¦¦•¦ •-¦'¦¦"[ ' '.." |
PainfQ DON'T TAIL TO
; laiaWW, fee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Iflfl - ' room, the EMPIRE
f 11 * 1 * PALLOR, the
'.' C ¦ J PALM ROOM, the
llf/lfin LOUIS XV PAR.
All ailU LOR, and the LA-
U i 1 ' DIES' WRITINO
Hotels room.
_ GRAPE-MTUTS.
eceOOGQGGOOQ909OO0OQ66
• Brain work •
g dear and clean o
Son %
I "Grape=Nuts" {
• M There's a reason" •
X Get the little book, "The Road •
to.Wellville," in each package. ?
O^FORT ROC^
A .firmly made comfort rocker, in highly polished golden oak or
mahogany finish. It fits the form; it is made to rest in. It is the
chair you need when you need to rest. 170 of them. While they last.
"THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235-237 Post Street
(THAmgflNtHFSlDE|
3 ' : yKBfflBSv ; matter whether in the right |J
b Jaill^ilP^V s^ e or t * ie e^ here's nothing- H
i €refiiSlii'^\ that will give such speedy relief \|
a THSSfflF* Jk an<^ cure and at the same time 0
S >§i^ - v^j3 strengthen the side and restore I
ft energy as an . |
I /^rr iHl AlfeocBi^ 1
1 / I « Y I
I/A V V J>taster I
Ef ' : ¦ f\, _1^ V * A pain in the right side, H
¦ : vjT I : k\ \ however, is of ten caused by 11
IV \j" J \ V thickening of this* bile, JJ
I \^ I xsj«v J \< \; wki?^ ma Y : l ea( * to gall ft
I B^WWb-^^X' X stones. The best treat- M
H f$X. t^^^lV^f)A. \_ ment is to .wear an H
[I fS/^%^ 71 T^V^X^ Xllcocfr s Plaster, \
1"'""-^^"" ¦ :"""?•¦; '.^./^ '^"^" r ,_ v howfsoon you are h
1 A|lcock*5 Porous Plasters are not an* experiment— they ¦
If are a standard remedy ; have 'been 1 used by the American h
k people for over 55 v years; have been imitated but never. ¦
H equalled and are without question the most •;. successful I
I external remedy inVthe^worldt to-day, and 'the safest, for J
B ; they contain no belladonna, opium 'or any poison whatever. «
B. ; ¦Xi'-\ .- lu ¦'. , '¦':.', AUe»cW»n-thi» only rnonlne porous plMtera. . ; ; JlJoe Gans" a Winner.
MOUNT CLEMENS, Mich., 'Jan. 10.
After two fast rounds here to-night
the handicap match between Joe
pans and Clarence Connors was
stopped «by Al Hereford, manager Jot
the . contest. Gans knocked Connors
down .three times in the second round.
In each case the, sports "will, consist
of. polo and pony- racing on alternate
days. . Liberal purses have been of
fered on every event and some hand
some trophies are also offered.'
A number, of entries, have been re
ceived from trie south and others are
expected from the East and from Ha
waii. "With these two series of events
so closely following each other' and
the magnitude' of. the lines upon which
they are cast they will be the, most
notable, of this character ever wit
nessed on Jthe coast.
SAX MATEO, Jan. 19.— The Cali
fornia Polo and Pony Racing Associa-,
tion officials have announced a change
of dates for the polo and p6ny . racing
tournaments to be held; at Del Monte
and Burlingame next month. , The
meet at Del Monte will be from'Feb
ruary 18 to 22 inclusive and at Bur-
Hngame from February 26 to 29 in
clusive. All entries will close Feb
ruarj' 14. ..V- ':'¦•¦/£"'¦:
Sports Will Commence, at Del Monte
February 18 and at Burlingamc -'¦.
on the 26th.
DATES ARE CHANGED
. FOR POLO AND RACING
BOSTON. Jan. 19.— Kid Carter
of Brooklyn knocked', out Joe
Choynski of Chicago after two
minutes' fighting: in the first
round to-night before the Crite
rion- Club. Choynski had the better
of the round up to the knockout,
when Carter landed a vicious right
hand blow to the body and the-Chi
cago man went down and out. " The
blow' looked low to the spectators, and
the referee's decision awarding the
bout to Carter was greeted ".with cries
of. "Foul." Choynski was out nearly
four minutes and appeared' irT* '"great
distress. /-The men were matched to
fight fifteen rounds.
Late ' to-night Carter and Choynski
were arrested charged with mutual as
sault. .Eight other . men, including
seconds and referee and the managers
of the club, were also arrested on the
charge of aiding and abetting a prize
fight. "Each was bailed in the sum' of
5200. , " ;>. ¦ •; - ' '/¦ ;¦' :¦::-:': ;
Cartcr Knocks Out Choynski.
This deplorable state of things comes
about, Miss ; Leonard concludes, be
cause while all men are united in.in
sisting on a living! wage,, women have
no scruples about working for anything
they can get/' The woman breadwinner
wants the living wage, too, and left to
herself she might get it; but she has
the women ; to compete with who. live
in families -where'. "a- .'father or. brother
pay the rent and provide the food. Such
women do. not need a living" wage. On
the contrary, . they can afford to work
for an exceedingly low wage and yet
get plenty, of spending money out of it.
Because of j these ; pin-money workers
manufacturers offer what is practically
a starvation wage."**Men will not accept
it,' no self-supporting- woman can live
on it;- the- only -class, who -will ..take it
is the class of supported and protected
girls who" have created it.. The living
wage is lost • to that special industry
forever. ;. The pin-money worker has de
stroyed all other chances but her. own;
driven men out of that. branch partial
ly or entirely and cheapened her own
labor. But she is quite satisfied, for
her 53 50 a week buys all the feathers
she needs.
.Miss Leonard cites the case of the
shop girl as one illustration of the fatal
influence of the ; pin-frnoney worker, and
that of the, garment maker) as the oth
er. In large cities the shop girl has
driven out the male and destroyed 'the
living wage, except In a few first-class
houses." As for the-grirl wh6 has to live
on\ her own wages, the bigl stores will
not take, her any more," and if - they
woiildfshe could not : live "on her. pay.
That ? line : of industry has practically
been . closed to her. by the worker for
pin-money. •" ' . ¦*.•> ¦•- ¦ -Vj ¦
THE ''WHITE SALE" BAUGAIXS.
In' the' garment workers' line the situ-
CAUSE OF BAD CONDITIONS.
The Question of a woman's right to
work" for pin money and the effect upon
the labor| market for the employment
of women are discussed helpfully by
Priscilla Leonard in Harper's Bazar.
In common with a great many women
and most men, she deprecates the man
ner in which women who have a home
and maintenance . guaranteed to them
insist on pushing themselves into the
industrial field for the Bake of the few
extra luxuries", their work will' give
them. She shows how the influence of
women on wages is always to lower
them, and she quotes an English au
thority to the effect that wages in any
trade arc sent downward steadily; in
proportion to the number of women
employed. . • . ':^i'-71
Directors — John E. . de Ruyter, W.
C. Ralston, W. S. Kittle, John L. Cun
ningham and Charles K. ' Harley;
Charles K. Harley, president; John E.
de Ruyter, vice president; John L.
Cunningham, secretary and treasurer;
bench show committee — John de Ruy
ter, John L. Cunningham and Charles
K. Harley. . "»'¦?:. •<*¦¦
The annual meeting of the San
Francisco Kennel Club has been held
and the bench show committee for
this years has been appointed. The
show will be held in Mechanics* Pa
vilion on April 13, 14, 15 and 16. The
members of' the club have already
commenced work on the show, which
promises to be unusually successful.
The new officers are:
Month -of April.
Eighth Annual .Show Will Be Held
In Mechanics' Pavilion During
KKXXEL CLUB ELECTS
OFFICERS FOR THE YEAR
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Mauser won. Kiwaya second. Hymettus third.
Tl me, 1:45 4-5.
Fcurth' race, liar.dlccr. one mile— Tribe's
Hill won. D.: Reszke setoiiu. Lou Dorsey third.
Time. 1:39 3-5. ,
Fifth race, one and an eighth mile3. selling
— Uoaster won. Kitty Clyde second. Baronet
third. Time. 1:50.
Third race, seven furlongs — J. P. Mayberry
won Lady Lavish second Sweet KeXl third.
Tim?. 1:27.
Plret race, six furlongs— Ostrich won, Karl
Karlt> second, Boundllnc third. Time, 1:14.
Second race, six furlongs — l/.ttle Jack Ilor
ner ivon, Allegrette second. Preakncss third.
Ilm.\ 1:14 1-5.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 19.— Crescent City
summary:
Tribe's IIUI Wins Handicap.
FE OB ABLE WISSEBS.
First race— Quiet, First Chip. Sturden.
Second race— Henry Acb, Fejrsry O'Weil,
Calculate. •
Third race— Hainault, AlbemarU, Her-
Tfttor.
Fourth race— Fossil, . Faulconbrld**,
Claude.
Fifth race — Lapidu», Expedient,' Chick
al.ee.
Sixth race — Formatter, Military Man,
Bed Creit Kurse.
57T7 Prince El»zen <Shannon) 1«J
Bill *Dore*n (Williams) •>«
&7S; Tamtn (Magranr) i"-
Second race— Three and a half furlong?; 2
y^ar-old*; pure*:
5751 Neva L*« (Gregory & Co.) 1<«
Hixrllc (Dobrcn) '¦ llw
Sir Dixon-BMle Carter.
OTS1 Henry Ach fSchr*?ib«r) «•;
57.11 Pirelia (Miller) J«£
.. . Tar Baby (San Joaqutn Stable) 110
Tarcoola-BJack Peggy.
5CS5 Peggy ON>11 <Stnith) '..107
Calculate (Ulaelnsanje). 11
, Sam Lucas-Call&tine. ,
.-.751 Golden Idol (Rowell) ..110
0751 Gloomy Uus (Burps & Waterhouse) . . . 103
Third race— Sis and a half furlongs; 4-year
olds and up: veiling:
'Fair Lady Anna (McCafferty) Sj
r&JG W?rvator (Boots & Hollenb«ck) 105
5C!K) •Vellowstono (Fine). 108
C.7riO)»Halnault (Thomas & Reavey) 104
57.'W» *Bard Burns (Fountain) 103
4fU« Kermit (Hlnkie) 109
r>750 »Mimo (Sheridan) 100
WK3 •Muresca (Miller) »"
4C71 Alta Peggy (Howell) 100
5700 *Lansdowne (Fitzgerald) 04
5074 J. H. Bennett (Homigh) 108
WKG •A'.benisrle (Tierney) 93
Fojrth race — One mile: three-year-olds and
upward; Owners' handicap:
&741 Fo*i: (Parker & Thwalte«) S5
."•741 Claude (Daly) SO
(5717)Faulconbridge (Houseman) 78
Fifth race — Mile and a quarter; four-year
olds and upward: eelliny:." . - ' -,-:v
5726 Capable OlOEhier) 93
S712 'Past Master (Fink) * 99
.17C5 -Chickadee (McCafferty) 100
5742 »L*pidas (Daly) .... .V.... ..."........ 97
r>754 "Byronerdale . tCrane) ................. 00
r.742 "Augrle (Capps & Co.) ..: ......102
r.742 Expedient (Smith) • 107
5750 •Poloniua (Stewart & Co.) ..........102
5712 "Be Happy (Green) 95
Sixth race — Sercn furlongs; three-year-olds;
puree :
5782 Formaster (Boots & Hollenb*ck) 10."
.... Silicate (Jennings) 10O
C>727)MUMary Man (Ferguson) :.112
r>7«J2 Duntannon (Knebelkamp) 100
R67(HJt Tu Brute (Moran) ..." 9»
(5575)Iled Crosa Nurse (Brown) 107.
•Apprentice allowance.
Poor Shopgirls iMust Contend
. With , Those Who Want a
Little Monev for Luxuries
DESTROY OTHERS' CHANCES
Birds Drive Monkey to Death.
Unstrung bv the songs of 500 birds,
seized at the port of Philadelphia a
week ago by the Government, custom
officials have had the imported war
blers removed from tLe appraisers'
stores on South Second street to the
aviary of a local dealer.
The birds, representing 200 varieties
and ,from remote parts of the world,
not only made life miserable for the
Government officers, but the variety
and continuity of their songs drove to
madness and then death a monkey
which had traveled from Antwerp on
the steamship Belgenland with the
songsters. The monkey did not sue- 1
cumb until confined in the same room
with the birds In the appraisers' build
ing.—Philadelphia Press.
Experiments made in the German
army with carrier pigeons having been
satisfactory, every warship leaving
Kiel or Wilhelmshaven will Hereafter
carry a consignment of pigeons, to be
released at varying distances from the
land stations.
winner found Insufficient. '. They were
better fed. better equipped than the
self-supporting hand. They were inde
pendent about staying away from the
factory when they were tired or III, and
they alone determined the reputation
for irregularity in which the bread
winners were included."
Miss Leonard's conclusion is that un
til self-supporting women develop a
sense of sisterhood akin to that recog
nized in and fostered by the trade union
among men, women will be an unset
tling element in history.— New York
Tribune.
LOS 'ANGELES, Jan. 19. — T. H. Wil
liams, president of the New California
Jockey Club at San Francisco, was a
visitor at Ascot Park this afternoon.
In company with President Epes Ran
dolph and. Manager J. WV Brooks of
the Los Angeles Jockey Club Mr. Wil
liams inspected every building of the
new racing plant. There is a rumor
that he will become financially inter
ested in Ascot, but confirmation of the
statement could not be had.
President Williams at Ascot Park.
Bring Distress to Those Who
Must Earn a Living for Them
selves and Their Families
W0MEN W0RK1NG
FOR PIN MONEY
The American Bible Society will
unite with the British ami Foreign
Bible Society in the observance of the
centenary of the British Kociety March
7. 1904. The world wide observance
of Sunday is proposed and a joint ap
peaP to all denominations throughout
the world will soon be Issued.
The British and American societies
exist to translate the holy Scripture*
into various languages of the world
and circulate them without note or
comment free of charge in cases of ne
cessity, but otherwise at prices irre
spective of the original cost, which
bring them within easy reach
of the poor. During the past
hundred years it has distributed over
180,000.000 volumes in about 370 lan
guages, and at a total expenditure of
over $70,000,000. The needs of the na
tions are said to be still unsupp ed. If
all the books the society has ever is
sued could be distributed among man
kind to-day, eight people would have to
join at each copy, and in each group
of eight two or three would not under
stand the language. — New York Com
mercial Advertiser.
Bible Sunday.
OAKI.AKP BACETKAQg, TUESDAY. Jan. 19. Weather fine. Track muddy.
J»7T4. FIRST RACE — Futurity course; gelling; 4-year-o)ds and up: value to first. $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. •; . i£. %. Sir. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
<5714)iSir Prt?ton. 4 «J. Hunter). .|U3| I ... 2n 22 In 1 ns IFoley . 7 12
5U7S ILady Kent. a. <T. Wetlman).iU5 2 ... 4 n-3 h 2 h 2 ns J. Martin.. 4 «
• r »fi<)8 ildogo. 5 (8. Rafour). |112 « ... 6 1»$4 n 3 I>i3 6 See '«» "
r.C18 •t'apttvate, G (P. Hildretb) |U5 7 ....(i "J 0 ',i 4 1 4 4 jOliphant .. 13 *».
5474 t.«uc JohriKon, a <Fitijterald). .1103 4 ... S3 5 2 I! <i 5 n (Roach I. «<» -*°
M»0 !!»ruewocd. « <J. .McAle«ter)..iIl«l 5 S S S « lU|McKinnon .1 ld> 200
.r.74O IIU. McGregor II. a (B. & W.). lH)i 3 ... 1 h II !inJ4 (Hildebrand .! 7-10 a-5
o750 jFort W«yn«. 4 (A. Rosf) ] 11G] 8 ... 7 I',i7.4 7 4 8 - jKunz I 8 . 12
Tinct— :25. t5(>. 1:12*$: At post IVi minutes. Oft at 2:17. Preston, nlaf-e, 4; show, S-5.
Kent, place. ••'8-8: t.how. . :!-5. Idogo. show, 1. Winner, ch. g. by Sir Modred-Nell Preston.
..Treinc-d bjrbS. MeNaugliton. Scratched — Brenmi», Beniash, Maraschino. Kubellk. Start
Rood. Won ia a hard drive of three. Winner enjoyed best racing luelt. Idogo was prol>
nbly be*t at weights. Captivate has gone back. :-he was away none too well. Pruewood
had seme pp>??d. Ml- McGregor broke down. Too much weight on Fort Wayne.' He
was* a!fo ridden tlieoverland route. A_^_»_<wxrw-ww-w-»->-
STT.%. SECOND RACE— ?ix furlongs; selling; a-year-olus: value to first. $323.
Index| Horpe and Owner. Wt|St. U- 14. *;. Str. Fin. | Jockey. 1 Op. Cl.
r.7.Td ilCl<?Imvco<5 (Moshler & Co.)... »S»'| « ... 3 l»-i3 3 1 1'il !!>4jLar*en 1 3 11-5
5739 Pcheno <Pueblo ."table) I S3) 4 ... 5 5 6 5 4 » I Ulildebrand I .< 5
. r »tfU (Quaker Girl <.W. Al.- Rogers).. 9» 1 ... l.h)! % •" n ."! *i IKunz I S-5 5--
M!7 iHoceo (Photo Stable) 19415 ... 4 11 42 21 4n (Greenfield .1 IB -*>
T.7.T9 iLlbfcie Candid <Appleby Co.)..| 941 3 ... 2 2 In M 5 «S ICrosswaite . '« »;
5430 IDaphne Roae (R. Wilson) i 94| 7 ... •> n «« « 10 « « |R. Willron.l ..<» !<*>
r*i.'4 !«imy <K. 3. Hooper) U<MI 2 ...7 " 7 7 ]J. Martin.. | 15 :..•>
TinJp— :2S. :». i : l7. At pout 2 minutes. Off at 2:14. Klelnwood. place, 8-10: show. 2-5.
Sch»no. place. • 7-5; show, 3-6. Girl, show, 11 -'JO. Winner, ch. c. by Hermence-Man
dolin II. Trained by F. C. Mfoshter. Scratched— Coroner Kelly. Slgnorlua. Harbor, btart
good. Won ir. a gallop. Next two driving hard. Kleinwood under restraint most of the
route. Scherzo slipped and slid about in the poinp and then outstayed Quaker Girl. Lat
ter not at her- best. Libbie Candid quit under weak handling. Sfmy could not waU in
the eoing^Klelnwoodrunupfrom^500to$1000by^^
377«. THIRD RACE— Futurity -course; gelling: 4-year-olds and up: value to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. iwtlSt. U • *»• 9i. Str. Fin. j Jockey. OP- Cl.
4G7» jQuiz II. C (C. McCafrerty)....!117 S ... 2 1 2 2 1 Vj 1 >6 |J. Martin.-. 2. 14-5
•56w»'!nycr. 4 UT. H.Ryan)...:. 1109 ft ... C 4 3 li 3 2!j2 2 |Vickry ... 6^ .7
5740 IModfler. C (Buckholtz & Co.).. 117 2 ... 4 2 C4 2 2 36 See , 4 •• t>
573<» IPurc- Dale. 4 (Thomas & Co.). Ill 4 ... .1 h 5n 4n 4h iKunx 3 9-2
371R IPresrano. S (E. Tierney) 112 6 ... .'• t& 4 n 5 1 ft 4 OUphant .. ,4 9-2
5C44J Wyoming. -a (G. Berry) !113 8 ... S4 8S S« «« H. Spencer. R 15
S549 lEl Chihuahua, 5 (Spiers) !l2O 1 ... lh In 6 3* 7 12 J. Daly 10 12
5C44 IBeautlfuI Bill. « (Morehouse).illO 7 ... 7 5 7 2 7 1. S 4 Larsen 15 15
5«g«; ilndlna. 4 (Stockton Stable). ..|106 a . . . tt » 9 » jFoley 40 CO
Time— :25'i, :51 1:13. At pout 3 minutes. Ott at 3:09>i. Quiz II. place, 0-0; show, 3-5.
Flyer, place 5-2; show. 7-5. Modder. show. 1. Winner, b. g. by St. Florian-Queens
town. Trained by C. McCafferty. Scratched— Teufel, Sir Tcm Tiddler. Byronerdale. Start
good. Won In a drive of three. Quizz II a coed "mudder" and nicely handled. Equally
well ridden Flyer could have won. Modder ran his race. Kunz on Pure Dale made a
bungling job of it. Pre?tano apparently quit. El Chihuahua did quit. ."
5777. FOURTH RACE — One mil* and 70 yards; selling; 4-year-olds up; value' to first. 3325.
Index I Horte and Owner. I WtPSt. *4 . W- %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. Cl.
5764 (Antolee 6 (C. McCafferty) |101 99 K 4 3 n 2 n 1 ns P.eed ..M.. 10 15
H729 |3ilurian. 6 (Lamasney Bros.).. (106 5 S S 4 2 I 1 h 3 1>,2 h Foley. ..".. 11-5 5-2
.VJC2 iMr. Dingle. 4 IS. Judge) | 06 6 2 2 lh 2 »i 1 >i 3 n Htldebrand 11-5 '; f S
r.7O2 !Ii=abellita. 4 (McN'amara) 95 8 8 'i 0 n « 'i 6 1 4 2',i Ollphant ¦ .. 10 10
571S iBlll.- Moore, a «T. Rector). .. .'103 14h5172 4n52 J. Martin.. « 10
O7«H 'Achilles. 5 (J. J. McCabe) 10ft 2 1 n 3 h 5 I»j5 h « 5 |Kunz 10 20
r>C54 Prince Blazer, a (Shannon). . .1107 3 7 'j 7 h S6 7 'i 7 n ILarsen .... 7 !•
5704 Pat Morrissey. a(Wellman)..!lO7 4 5 2>i'> 3 4 1 Ss 8 12 JBell 7 9
5740 lllellas. 4 (J. Creely). J102 7 619 » U 9 ;C. Smith... 40 100
Tim?— :25 : ,i. :51, 1:18. 1:45. 1 : 49 U . At post J i minutes. Off at 3:32. Antolee, place. C;
phew, 2; Silurian, place. 9-10: show. 1-2. Mr. Dingle, show. 7-10. Winner, b. m. by Le
toon-Anvolce. Trained by C. McCafTerty. Scratched — Emily Oliver, Elmer L,*>I-O U. Start
good. Won In a drive of "three. Jjf Hildebrand had picked better, gqjng. Me. Dingle would
have won. Silurian ran hla race. Reed picked the dryest footing through the stretch for
Antolee. Billy Moore outclassed. Pat Morrisscy quit work early. v Not etlcky' enough for
¦ Prince Blazes.
5778. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; 3-year-olds e.nd upward; value to first, ?400.
Index', Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. U. 'i. %. Str. Fin. J Jockey. Op. Cl.
5741 'Rockaway, 3 CB. & W.) 1102 1 ... 1 Vi 1 llfcl 1'il 2>ilBell ..L ,4-5 7-10
<MS0»: Mildred SehuKz. 5 (H.Wilson) 104 4 •... 3 h 2 'i 2 l>-i2 2VilLarsen- ' 4 18-5
<S743>'NiKr»tte. 4 iVC. B. Jfnnlne*). 'lOO 2 ... 2 »i 3 2«^3 5 3 3 ¦ ]J." Martin.. 4 6
.... iWaswift. 5 «J. C. Yeager>...|113 3 ...4 4 4 \ JHlldebrnd . 4 -13-2
Time— :25'i. :MU. 1:15'4- At post X minute. Off at 3:59. Rockaway. place, 1-3: show.,
out. Mildred Schultz. place. 7-10: show, out. N'lRrette. show. out. Winner civ. c. by
Alramax-Recreatlon. Trained by D. Stone. Scratched— Play Ball. Start good. Won
in a gallop. Next two driving. Winner best. He Interfered with Xigrette on stretch
"turn slightly. WaiwSft y?l\\ J m P r 5Y^.- -„„„„„„ ny.A^ruuwi^^AAAAA/
577O. SIXTH RACE — Mile and 50 yards: selling: 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. I |WtjSt. U . I3. »i. Str. Fin. Jockey. { Op.' Cl.
5705~!!Ben MacDhui. C (P. WanT-JlM 1 2 '4 2 l'Jl 6 16 18 Hildebr'nd ' 2-S 1-3
fi74:t "Avenger. 3 (J. F. Schorr) T S9 5 4 «i 3 h-3 2 2 1^2 2»4 Reed 5 7
5745 lHarr>- •matcher, a (Hastings). 'lOfl 4 1 2&1 1' 3 2 1}& 1 3 3>A J. ¦ Martin.. ? 10 • 12
rCO« iBill Mns*ie, « (M^Alester). ..|I01 2 5 n 6 4n4144 ILarsen 1 10 25
54S5 iThe Fretter. a (ORourke). . .',104 3 « 4 n 5 V2 5 >4 5 7 iOliphant ..] 10 I.'.
.Flaneur, ti «C. MeCafferty). ¦ . HOC 0 8 1 B a « 6 G [C. Kelly... | W 150
T j mP -•»< -4»»i. 1:15%. 1:42. l:45>i. At post 1 minut-. Oft at 4:23. , Ben MacDhui. place,
out-"«how out. Avenger, place, 6-5: show, 1-2. Harry Thatcher, show. 7-10. Winner
b h bv Den d^Or-Sierra Madra. Trained by P. Ryan. Start good. Won pulling up.
Second "eas-ily Third driving. Winner bid up from $500 to $2000 by J. Paders; retained.
Had it been the desire of Hildebrand Ben MacDhui could have won as far as Jake
Bocklev can throw a baseball. Avenger outstayed Hurry Thatcher. Bill Massie ran a
fair ra'ce The Fretter has apparently gone bck. Flaneurtfhowed an Inkling of speed.
Despite the great shortage in the pear
supply, more than 1.000,000 boxes of the
fruit have been kept in store in Amer
ica. A "corner" in. pears is of rare oc
currence, but one seems to have been
"engineered" this season.
The general failure of the British and
the European crop is the cause of the
"corner." It is estimated that quite
£100,000 will be made in extra profits
by the holders of the stocks. If the
fruit is kept until After Christmas the
extra profits may come out at £250.000.
The British fruit brokers have been
astonished that the fancy prices pears
have recently realized, ranging from
15s to 20s a case, have not brought over
heavy shipments. Instead of the 5000
cases expected last week, fewer than
200 came to British ports.
Had it not been for Canada similar
tactics would have been adopted with
apples this Christmas. The. Canadian
apple has filled the gap caused by the
failure of the British crop. Had It not
been for their 50.000 and 100,000 pack
ages weekly, the trade would have been
in the hands c-f American speculators,
and values this Christmas would have
been forced up 25 per cent.
Last year Canada shipped us 3,000,000
bushels of apples, and this season the
arrivals should be heavier still. Dur
ing the past week over 200,000 bushels
of prime Canadian apples have oocn
unshipped in London. Liverpool, Man
chester and Bristol.
A "Corner" in Pears.
First race, Slauson course, selling—\%i-nnl
freda, OO (J. Booker). 4 to 1. won; Rio t-taJco.
105 (Sinnctt). 40 to 1. second: Andraltus 110
(Redfern). 7 to 8, third. Time, 1:12. Valmar
Kftervescence. Hosseric. Phys. Jack Richelieu
/Jr., Landseer. J. V. Kirby. Brown Prince and
(Troy al«o ran. .
: Second race, three furlonzs. two-year-olds,
'purse — Tim Hurst. 113 <J. Boland). 11 to t>.
won; De Grammont. 109 <T. Walsh). 8 to 5,
second; llllona. 106 (II. I.. Russell). » to , „—
third. Time, :37%. C. P. Waterhouse. Klla
Owen. Harry Stephens, Jerome and Minnie
Well* also ran. . '.
Third race, Slauson course, selling—Celebra
tion, 107 (FelchO. 15 to 1, won; Lady Fonf>».
90 (Anderson), i) to 1, second: Madame Bishop,
10S <E. Walsh). 2 to 1. third.' Time. l:l-Mi-
Athelrose. Minnie Arnett, Nanon, MacFleck
no<> and Urbano also ran. Geinha Girl fell.
._ Fourth race, six and a halt furlomts, «ell
inB—Paul Whaley. Itt! (E. Walsh). 2 to 1,
won: Montana Peerers. 102 (Buxton), 10 to 1,
second: Mexicanna, 97 <J: Lewis). 8 to 1. third.
Time, 1:22. Thlsbe, Blissful and Dupont also
ran. . ,„
Fifth x race, alx furlongs, purse — Sais. 112
fRedferu). 1 to 7, won; Lady Belalr. 95 (J.
Booker). ;t to 1. second; Susie Christian. 05
(W. Knapp). .1 to 1. third. Time. 1 :1«%. Pic
ture, Louise. MeinLnp and Kl Corteza also ran.
Sixth race, one mile, sMlinc— Buecleuth, 97
(J. Booker). 4 to 5, won; Merwan. 93 fE.
Walsh). 4 to 1/ second; Invictus. 07 (Ander
son). 25 to L third. Time. 1:43. Chief Aloha.
Dotterel, Dug Martin and Pilot also ran.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 19.— The talent
and the books split even on the day,
three favorites out of six coming in
first. Celebration at 15 to 1 was the
longest chance that got first . money.
The weather was chilly and the track
good. '
A very " bad start killed whatever
chance J. V. Kirby, the favorite, had
in the first race. Kirby, ' Valmar, Ef
fervescence and Phyz were . standing
sidewise to the barrier when £ it was
sprung. Winnifreda won In. a drive
from. Rio Chico, Andrattus third.. .
Tim Hurst, with J. Boland up, . won
the two-year-old, event, De Grammont,
the favorite, second, Hilona thli*d. Bo
land outrode Walsh at the finish.'
Celebration repeated his race- of a*
few days ago at 20 to 1. To-day he
opened at 20, was backed down to 15 at
post time and won the. third race'eas-,
lly. Lady*Fonse got in second and the
favorite, Madame Bishop, third. Geisha
Girl fell as the barrier went up.'
Paul Whaley won his first start in'
the fourth race at six and a half fur-'
longs. He opened at 6, but at post time
was favorite at 2" to 1. Montana Peer
ess beat Mexicanna for the place.
Blissful was -never In the running.
There was nothing in the fifth race
but Sais. Opening at 1 to 4, he went to
1 to 7 and won as "he pleased. Lady
Belair got the place and Susie Christian
the show.
The favorite, Buccleuth, easily won
from Merwan, with Invlctus third in
the last race. Summary:
Decision whether the freshman base
ball intercollegiate contest shcruld be
played In one game or In a series was
deferred until Saturday night.
BERKELEY, Jan. 19.— The athletic
committee of the University of Cali
fornia decided to-nicht that both the
freshman and the university football
games with Stanford University shall
be played this year on the Berkeley
campus.
This action was in response to a re
quest from Stanford that the freshman
game be played at Palo Alto. The com
mittee voted to adhere to the original
intercollegiate agreement. Orval Over
all was re-elected a member of the ath
letic committee.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Seven furlongs; *-ye»r-clds and
vv: Killing:
STT4 I>ady Kent <Tl"elIir.«n) «.
WW7 fcusden fMcNeraes)..., 103
r.TSS "Optimo (Blakeman) 08
JiTIR *Mesto <Wi!8cn> ".' 9*
f.T!R Tt." Miller (McNeil) »1
r.T2!> First Chip < Fitzgerald) 1«C
r.T.V» Quiet <Ho-»-H!) 10.5
r,TT» •Flaceur f MoCafTerty ) 1*4
ST42 El ri!ar (Haskell) IK»
Ed Stutte was about the only one of
the big bettor? that profited over the
•win of Antolee. He played the mare
straight and show.
Bell, who rode Rockaway in the
handicap, was fined $25 for rough rid
ing. On the stretch turn he cut into
the rail too sharply. Flightly interfering
with Xigrette.
ENTRIES IX)R TO-DAY.
The bad leg of Mt. McGregor went
back on him just below the eighth
KleinTTOod. winner of the second
race, was bid up from $500 to $1000
by Frank Dosb. The stable retained
the colt.
Quaker Cirl o;>ened favorite for the
next, a six-furlong selling affair, but
seemed to be in no demand, and her odds
receded from 8 to 5 to 2%. Together
with Libb-e Candid she cut out the
early pace, and finally landed in the
show. Kleinwood. backed from 3 to
1 to 12 to :. and with a chunk of
¦weight off from his previous race, won
in an ordinary gallop from Scherzo.
The winner was well ridden by Lar
sen.
Charley McCafferty finally an
nexed a purse. Although it was the
first start at the meeting of Quiz II,
the track looked made to order for the
gelding, and the books made him a
favorite. El Chihuahua played a
Ttrief ensrajement out in front and
thon save up the lead to the first
choice. At the close, when too late.
Flyer came very strong, bringing
Jack Martin on Quiz to a drive to
*core by half a length. Modder
downed Pure Dale for the show.
Again in the mile and seventy
yard sellins. number were the McCaf
ferty colors successful, this time
' Antolee carrying them to the front.
Quoted at 15 to 1 and ridden by
Frankie Repd. the mare had the best
going in the run home, getting a nose
dec'fcion over the favorite. Silurian.
Hildebrand rodea stupid race on
Mr. Dingle or the Judge entry would
I have won. Instead of picking the
good goins in the stretch Hildebrand
clung to the rail, where It was* deep
est, and then finished third, beaten
NOTES OF THE TKACK.
Old rehabilitated Mt. McGregor
started again in the introductory i'u
turity course sprint and broke down.
H*e had Hildebrand on his back and
closed a 3 to a favorite. Leading a
furlong from - the stand, the ancient
racer suddenly begran backing up, and
finished next to last. The winner
turned u:» in Sir Preston, a 12 to 1
shot, which floured first in a three
nose finish with Lady Kent and Idogo.
Foley rode the winner.
Owner "Packey" Ryr.n vainly en
deavored to land a stake event or a
handicap with Ben MacDhui. and in
despair dropped the big bay horse into
a cheap selling race at Oakland yester
day. It was the concluding event of
the afternoon, and at odds of 1 to 3
MacDhui v.on the length of two Pull
man dining cars from Johnny Lchorr's
colt Avenger. When tt winner, which
was in for $500, was broirM up to be
aold C. Paders. the partner of Sidney
Bender, began the tilting with $100 bids.
Johnny Schorr did manage to say $1500
once in a deep bass way that missed
the Judges, but Paders nev~r paused
until he reached the $2000 mark. "Pack
ey" Ryan calmly came back with the
customary $5 bid and the horse reposed
by his own fireside last nigrht..
The track was sloppy, and with two
exceptions the accuracy of the sharp
.shooters in picking the mudlarks was
unerring. Favorites made railway con
nections with four purses. Antolee at
15 to 1 proved the s=tar long: shot per
former. —
Only four started in the handicap at
six furlongs, and the Burns & Water
houno three-year-old Rockaway, with
102 pounds up, made a cathop of it.
Seven to ten was the closing price about
the colt, and with Bell up he was never
beaded. Mildred Schultz disposed of
Kigrctte for place honors. Waswift,
from Joe Yeager's stable, cut a very
¦mall figure in the running, but will do
later on.
Tim Hurst \ Wins t he T wo-
Ycar-Old Event and Paul
Whaley Is First in. the Fourth
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Collegians Are Unable to Deter
mine Whether Freshmen Shall
Play a Series of Contests
It developed after the fight that Sul
livan sustained a simple fracture of the
right arm above the wrist in this round.
The Injured member was attended by
the surgeons at'the Receiving Hospital.
Sullivan also received a ; . bad cut over
the right eye,. which bled freely.
Berger had a decided lead in the third
round. In the fourth round he went
after his man and beat him badly about
the body. He finally scored a right and
left to the head and Sullivan fell to the
floor on his face. He. was unable to rise
and his seconds carried him to hW cor
ner.
Berger was seconded; among others
by those well-known "amateurs," "Spi
der" Kelly and Jimmy | Britt, while
Harry Foley, Frank Telfer and others
were in Sullivan's corner. '•?_•':•
William Stewart was given the deci
sion over George Murray after four
hard rounds." Stewart insisted before
SULLIVAN IS INJURED.
The so-called .. amateur £ boxing exhi
bition of the Lincoln Athletic Club drew
a. crowd to Mechanics' Pavilion last
night but little smaller than that which
is attracted by one of the big cham
pionship' fights. The gallery 'was filled
to its capacity, while few vacant seats
were in. evidence on the main flodr.
The club's matchmaker had skimmed
the cream of the "amateur" boxers and
the \ bouts showed", his i handiwork. The
fights were all of the. sensational order,
some of the rounds being full of action
and clean, hard hitting. :
: The feature number on the card was
the bout between the : heavyweights,
Sam Berger and George Sullivan. Ber
ger fought well in . streaks, but he
showed the lack of practical experience
in the, ring. • He needs a number of
easy fights and ¦ considerable more'
weight and strength before he can
realize the hopes of his friends, who
,see in him championship material."
In the first round: he dropped Sullivan
with neatness and dispatch with, a short
left hook to the jaw." It was almost
the* first blow, struck and shook up
Sullivan . badly. Berger tried to end
matters quickly, but he could not land
a decisive blow. He'cut Sullivan badly
a1>out the' hose and mouth. In his
eagerness he slipped down, but was up
at once. . Both j were slugging at the
end of the round."
Sullivan; went to the mat four times
in the second round, sometimes going
down, to avoid punishment. He kept
fighting back and crossed his right on
Berger several times. ,
"The self-supporting girl is in com
petition with the girl who lives at
home and makes a small contri
bution to the household expanses, and
with the girl who ..is supported and
spends alt her money on clothes. It is
this' division of purpose which takes
the 'spirit* out of them as a class.
-•'The men formed a united class.
They had a purpose in common. They
worked because. they needed the money
to . live. The women had nothing In
common but< their 1 physical inferiority
to men. " The children in the factory
were working from necessity; the boys
were working from necessity. The only
industrial. unit complicating the prob
lem was .the . cirls who worked without
being obliged tor-the girls who had all
the mnney they wanted. 'To them the
question of wages was not, vital. They
could afford to accept what the bread-
RUINOUS COMPETITION.
ation is quite as bad, or worse, Miss
Leonard declares. What renders the
tremendous bargains in "white sales"
possible is the fact- that country girls
with homes and food make these gar
ments for wages so small that the city
sweatship is driven into yet fiercer com
petition to hold any part of the trade
at all. Every woman In a big city who
makes her living by* sewing on white
goods is pushed down, relentlessly and
inevitably, to starvation wages. The
women who stitch in cellars. In attics,
fifteen hours a day, with only bread
and tea to keep soul and body together,
are paying for the country girl's feath
er or ribbon. They need a living wage;
she makes it impossible for them to
get- it.
That this holds in other trades be
sides the two cited seems to be the
opinion of the authors of "The Woman
Who Toils." who are quoted by Mls3
Leonard as saying:
"In the factory where I worked men
and women were* employed for ten
hours a day. The women's highest
wages were lower than the men's low
est. Both were working as hard as they
possibly could. Why was this? I can
only relate the conclusions I drew
from what I saw myself. In the mas
culine category I met but one class of
competitor— the breadwinner. In the
feminine category I found a variety
of classes— the. breadwinner, the semi
breadwinner, the woman who works
for luxuries. This inevitably drags the
wage level down. *
George Peterson and Joe Thomas
fought four desperate rounds. The
judges decided in favor of Thomas, al
though the spectators seemed to think
Peterson won easily on points. Peter
son was the stronger and timed his
blows better than his opponent. Thom
as was knocked to his knees in the
third round. It v was a slugging match
from the start and both took an in
credible amount of punishment. Thom
as did not «eem in the best of condi
tion.
Referee Graney was assisted by Al
Young and Sam, Lyser as Judges. Billy
Roach acted as timekeeper.
Bob Lundie and Jack Burke fought
one of the most sensational rounds ever
seen in Mechanics' Pavilion. Lundie
was knocked down after a few seconds'
fighting. He then .sailed into Burke
and knocked him down. He knocked
him down again, and then Lieutenant
of -Police Kelly took a hand. He or
dered the bout stopped. The seconds
of each man claimed the decision should
go to them, but Referee Graney re
fused to give the fight to either man.
The spectators wanted the fight to go
on, but the lieutenant was obdurate,
although the referee said the fight had
not reached a dangerous stage.
Joe Kelly '.of the Hayes Valley Ath
letic Club eutgamed Jack Bowles of
the. Lincohi Club and was given the
decision after four rounds. Bowles had
a good left hand .and kept Kelly In
trouble for two - rounds. Kelly then
sailed in and beat Bowles to a stand
still. He had a "right swing which
Bowles could not dodge. i
. Al Elkins, a counterpart of Young
Corbett in build and hitting power,
knocked out Abe Label in two rounds.
The winner had a blow which would
bring home the money in any company.
The first round was all 4iard hitting,
without any advantage on either side.
In the second round Label was knocked
down- three times. He first got a right
to the jaw. He went down again from
a left and was then knocked out with
a right to the jaw. U
the fight that they were to, break away
clean. Murray was outpointing him
and hitting In the clinches, so Stewart
tried hitting in the clinches.* and this
turned the tide of battle in his favor.
Murray used a Jolty left, but he could
not- stop .Stewart, who took a lot of
punishment. As they shook hands at
the" beginning of the fourth round Mur
ray hit Stewart and earned the dis
pleasure of the spectators.
KELLY OUTGAMES BOWLES.
BASEBALL IS DISCUSSED
BOLAND OUTRIDES WALSH
Bay Horse Is a Prohibitive Favorite in the Betting and Is Bid Up to $2000.
Rockaway Captures the Handicap in Easy Fashion From Mildred
Schultz— Kleinwood Romps in First—Antolee Downs Silurian at 15 tq 1
Bookies and the Betting Folk
Divide on the • Results of
the Sport at Ascot Track
Defeated Man Sustains a. Slight Fracture of the
: -Right Arm in the Second Round-Stewart Re
ceives Decision Over Murray-rFolice Stop Bout
Berkeley - Stanford Football
Matches to Be Decided at the
Former Place Xext November
BEN MACDHUI WINS A SELLING RACE
AND IT IS COSTLY FOR HIS OWNER
CELEBRATION,
THE LONG SHOT
COLLEGE GAMES
ON THE CAMPUS
BOXER BERGER DEFEATS SULLIVAN
IN FOUR ROUNDS OF FIGHTING
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK AND MOVEMENTS OF AMATEUR AND PROFESSIONAL BOXERS
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1904.
CHICAGO, Jan. 19.— Abe Attell and
Harry Forbes have signed : articles of
agreement for a twenty- round fight to
settle their recent draw at Indian
apolis.* According to" the last agree
ment the 'men are to meet : at • 1 2{j)
pounds ringside,' with ithe understand
ing that the winner:.lay claim, to i the
legitimate feather-weight champion
ship. The time arid place v f or holding
the contest have riot^ yet beehfdecided
upon.;3863JK . ¦
Attell and Forbes to Fight.
NEW YORK, /Jan. U9. — After a
lengthy discussion the New York
Bowling Association' has resolved that
a committee of ¦ three shall be ap
pointed to* go to the American'Bowl
ing | Confess at Cleveland with? 'full
power to become affiliated with that
organization if it meets all the require
ments of trie New York association,"
such as the elimination of the loaded
ball, "mushroom" clubs and the; ap
pointment of an executive committee,
the members .of which shall' not^ be
identified with -the trade.
Will Attend , Bowling Congress.
• No circle can be squared, because
3.1416, which is-the. ratio of the circum
ference to the diameter, is not a square."
10
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The , Official Views - of /the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition
to be held at St. Louis will be
issued . as supplements j to -The
Sunday Call beginnins \vith' the
Issue of Sunday, 'January' 31st.
Agents arid newsdealers will c!o
well to order early," as there will
be \ a ? <|freat demand , for \\ these
beautiful views. :
;- v ST. LOUIS
x WORLD'S FAIR/ VIEWS
•IN BEAUTIFUL COLORS
FIVE CENTS
BEST SMOKE ON EARTH
ON <SALE EVERYWHERE
i 1 a-m. -> X. f*t
I J IBB pj . 3; \3
frS -« ry 3 X ,«
bo i"'imjt! '"* ¦ M I O % *Zr
t ' ¦ • Bl S^ "° 5 — ¦ O
eh j. ej r*3 «¦ ¦- w. r *»
11 t fjginnfj| t i 1B _ or j*
PSW m _ CO
BSB * 4% tn m^
ma y jg «¦ ?s
tz£z • f _ *r* - etSun, Moon and Tide.
United States t Coast and Geodetic Survey—
T l m £ n Z n % H * l Kht . Of Hlgh and L<> w Water.
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay.- Published- by.offldal authority of the
• Superintendent.
¦ NOTE— The high' and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort , Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places. " > j
- WEDNESDAY. JANUARY' 20. ¦
Sun . rises . . ." . .*. . . ... ... i ........ tJ . 7-23
Sun ' sets ...."..:..:... . . .-. ...„ . . . : . " " "5 '10 •
Moor, set?.. •......¦¦ .. f. :........ ,r. /. 8 :is' p. m.
g;jH_w '^.|^, w J Ft >_wi— jl-wj , .
P.ITlme .;.. iTlmel. .'. |Tlme| - Time] '
lfls 1:27 -4.0 6:04 8.0 12:18 . 6.1 6:46 0.1
20 1:59 4.7 6:45 3.0 J242 '. 4,7 7;17 0.4
21 2:27 4.7 7:80 2.8 1:20 :'4.5 7:48 0.6
22 2:55 4.8 3:20 } 2.7 2:07 4.2 8:26 : 1.0'
23 3:24 4.9 9:17 2.6 3:02 ;38 9:07 ; 1.5
24 3:B9 5.0 10:14 2.1 4:07 3.6| 0:55 '1.9
25 4:38 5.1 11:18 : 1.7 5:25 3.4|10:47 2.2
NOTE — In "the above exposition of the tides
¦•* ¦< TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. " From. Due.
Arctics Humboldt ...Jan. 20
Chico Coqullle River ...Jan. 20
Elizabeth Coqullle River....: Jan. 20
Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports.- Jan. 20
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 20
Empire....... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 20
Newburg...;. Grays Harbor. ...'..'.... Jan. 20
Centralla • Grays Harbor Jan. 20
North Fork... Humboldt .Jan. 20
City Sydney... N'ew Tork via Panama. Jan. 20
G. \V. Eldef. .. Portland & Astoria Jan. 20
Pomona • Humboldt Jan. 2t
Santa Rosa... Kan Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 21
Point Arena a . Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Jan. 21
Bonita Newport &. Way Ports. Jan. 21
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 22
Queen, .• Puget Sound Ports..,. Jan. 22
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor Jan. 22
Redondo Humboldt Jan. 23
Kbrea China & Japan.. ...... Jan. 2:!
Corona. Humboldt-' Jan. 2!
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 24
Edith, Tacoma -. . . Jan. 25
Chehalls., San Pedro ..Jan. 2»
Arcata... ;..... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 25
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 25
Coos Bay..... San Pedro & Way Ports Jan.*25
Oregon. Portland & Astoria Jan. 25
Porno'. ....:... Point Arena & Albion. Jan. 20
Alameda Honolulu Jan. 20
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports. ..... Jan. 27
Curacao......' Mexican Ports. ......'.. Jan. 27
Newport: ...... New fork. via Panama. Jan. 27
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom.... Jan. 28
Gaelic China & Japan Jan. 30
to'sahT.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
i , ,[ - - ¦
January 20. I
Czarina Coos Bay direct Pier 8
Elizabeth.. Coquille River..... 5' pm Pier 20
S Barbara I^os Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Chico Coqulll© RWer 6 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. A Pt Orfrd 12 m Pier 13
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Corona .... Humboldt 1 . -30 p Pier 9
, • - January 21.V
Centralla.. Los Angeles. Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Rival •• Wlllapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 20
UmatlUa... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Sonoma Sydney. & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
Pom«.. Pt- Arena A Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
¦ - January 22.
O Llndaucr Grays Harbor. . : Pier —
Newburg.. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
January 23. j
Arctic...'.. Humboldt | 9 am|Pler 2
Redondo... .Los Angreles Ports. 4 pmlPler 2
Pomona Humboldt .......... 1:30 p Pl«r 9
Pt Arena . . Pt. Arena &. Mdcno • 4 pm Pier 2
Colon.. ..•• **. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
O W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier- 20
. ' -January 24. : . ¦• '•
jeanle..... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
g Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonita • Newport & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
> January 23.
Chehalls... Grays Harbor. ....'. 3 pm Pier 2
A. Mam.'. • ' China- &. Japan. .. . 1 pm Pier 40
¦ ¦- January 36. .
Corpnado'.. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
• Queen... "''• Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
San Pedro . Humboldt ......... 10 am Pier 2
.77, - : -January. 28. ;
Centennial. Seattle &• Tacoma.' 6 pm Pier 20>
Oregon.... Astoria & Portlandjll am Pier 24 '
,;• ...¦¦ - January. 30.' — . :.. ••
Alliance'. . * Eureka ¦ & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
Alameda... Honolulu ... :..¦..'. 11 am Pier 7
City Sydney N. Y. .via Panama . 12 m Pier 40
~> ;¦.;,.- !\: ..'. '. FROM. SEATTLE. / . ~
• Steamer., "¦ * ¦'•¦¦' For. Sails."
Valencia...... Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 22
Dolphin....... Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 24
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. (Feb. .1
J. Dollar....... Valdea & Way Ports..lFeb. 5
The Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted for
reinsurance as follows: Paris, 0<V per cent;
Robert Rlckmern.jr. per cent;;T>och Bredan. 90
w-r cent; Castor. 10 per cent, and Martaban. i0
per cent The Francesco Gulseppe I, out 207
days from the Tyne and reinsured at 15 per
cent, arrived yesterday at Port Los Angeles.
Captain Abandons Voyage.
The British, baik Routenburn, bound from
Shields (organ Francisco, is at Queenstown in
euch a dismantled condition that her captain
hae abandoned the voyage to this port. The
Routenburn encountered heavy weather in the
ehannf and put Into QueenntownV with her
deckhouse etovc in, cabins flooded and sails
blown away. . " • " .
Heavy Weather Off the Horn.
The French bark Edmond Rostand, which ar
rived vesterday, 177 days f rcm South Shields
¦rd 1W days from Cherbourg, was for 45 days
off Cape Horn, fighting southwesterly gales.
Finds British Purchaser.
The German bark Columbia, which last April
was/ towed In a dismantled condition Into Vic
toria B C, by the Norwegian, steamship Nor
man 'isle* has been purchased by the Victoria
and Vancouver Stevedore Contracting Company.
The price paid was in the neighborhood of $20,
ooo. ¦ U - • . V »:-¦»
Overdue Coasters Safe.
! The coasting steamers Chico and Ellxabeth,
overdue at thi»' rK""t f rom the Coqullle River,
both put into port yesterday short of coal.
Foi<; Mexican ,Trade.
The BChooner Sequoia, recently purchased by
William Olsen of this city, will be used in the
Mexican after undergoing a thorough
overhaullnr. •
Faulconler's Cargo .Total Loss.
'1'The French, bark Faulconler,' before reported
£shore off 'Court McCherry,: is totally sub
merged and her cargo will be. a total loss. -
Steamship Quito Touches Bottom.
a. The British steamship ..¦Quito \ is reported as
having touched bottom t«hen : entering the har
bor of Montevideo. A« far. as known, she sus
tained no serious Carnage. .
NEWS OP THE OCEAX.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Italian ship Cresslngton (at Portland)
is chartered for lumber, thence to Callao at
27s 6d; If to a nitrate port. 26s 6d. Bark
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Tuesday. January 10.
Strrir- Porno, AVInke!, 14 hours from Albion.
via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr. Arcata. Kelson. 89 hours from Coos,
Bay.
• Stmr- Montara. Reilly, 102 hours from Se
attle. .
Stmr G C Llndauer. Allen, 4 days from
Portland.- ' "
¦ Stmr Santa "Barbara, Zaddart, J18 hours from
Olympla. via Seattle 111 hours.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 28 hours from Eu
reka. '
Stmr Maggie, Corning. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. ,
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. 10."5 hmirs from
Grays Harbor: bound south; In to land
passengers.
Nor Etmr Tltanla, Egcnes, 5 days from Na
naJmo. ¦¦••¦.-
Bark W B Flint, Johnson, 12 days from Ma
kawell. ......
• Fr bark Kdmond Rostand, Roy, 177 days
from South Shields, via Cherbourg 164 days.
' Schr Alpha, Larsen, 4^' days from Coqullle
River. . .
Schr Virginia, Mattsson, 12 days from Port
land. "
1 Schr Jennie Stella. Hansen, 6 days from
Bureka. ¦
ftchr Mary.C, Campbell, 0 hours from Bo
. Sa " ., CLEARED.
,[ ¦ Tuesday, January 19.
' Stmr Coos Bay," Nlcolson, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast - Stramship Co. •
Ship Marion Chllcott, -Williams, Honolulu;
Watson Nav Co. . ,.. . —
1 Br ship "Wayfarer, Tupman, Sydney; Meyer.
Wilson & Co. • . ;. ! r
Ger ship AUterschwan. Erdmann, Mollendo;
W R Grace & Co. ¦'
. Fr bark Ernest -Legrouve. Blanche, Sydney;
Roth. Blum & <*»¦¦_.;;: ;--'•: . . -
. SAILED.
' ¦'¦. -¦ • . Tuesday. January' 19.
1 Stmr Eureka, Jessen. *. Eureka.. ; •
fitmr Iaqua, Jcrgenson, Eureka. , Lr
Stmr MaJtKie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
¦• StmrvSfanta Monica,. Olsen, Port Los An
geles. :".- • • • ¦ '•'- '-'.- . •.
fitmr San Mateo, Ross, Tacoma. ¦-'¦•'.
' ; Stmr Del' Norte. ¦ Green. Crescent City.-/ • '
( ¦ Stmr GlDsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. . . ¦' ~ ,
rstmr DesDatch. Levlnson. Portland. - --'A.
¦;¦'. Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberts/ Port Harford. ¦
.• etmr Pasadena,; Dlckson. Eureka. •
Stmr Fulton, Lee. Bowens Landing. :
Ptmr Homer, Donaldson, San' Pedro. V
Uktn Gleaner, Schmehl, Wlllapa-. Harbor.
Bchr Mary Dodge, Olsen, Eureka. ' •
•" Sfhr Pearl. Soderholm, ' Sanak. - ' ¦
Behr Ida. McKay. Lethola. Eureka. '
. RETURNED. ' '.
Tuesday, January 19.
Schr Ida McKay, hence this afternoon, re
turned on account of heavy swell.
The launch Meteor, built by J. O. Pasqui
nulli for F. H. F!nke and launched on Satur
day, is something new .in the Jlne of motive
power boats. Gasojine Is the fuel used on most
cf the bay launches, but the \Meteor will feed
on crud» petroleum. The Standard Gas Engine
Company built the Meteor's engines, which
have thret fyllr.derE and develop 50-horse
power and drive ih« launch through the water
»t an 11 -knot .gait. She is B3 feet long. 12 feet
wide and 4»i feet deep. She was given a trial
trip Sunday aird the crude petroleum proved a
'satisfactory substitute for gascllne. besides ber
Ing considerably cheaper.
Will Burn Crude Petroleum
Movements of Steamers.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of. the. 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
Branch Hydographlc b(flc£, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
January 19. 1804.
Time Rail.
3'he steamer Nevadan galled on Monday for
.Honolulu and Kahulul with an assorted mer
chandise cargo, valued at $l.'tA,5.'!5, and in
cluding th« following: <2!5 bbls flour, 41.777
lbs bran, " Hi; ctls barley. 21.7(18 lbs middlings.
SCO bales hay, 31 ctle corn, 2S0 bbls baking
powder. 20 pk»i candy, 15,2Sli'lbs beans. 21.640
lbs sugar. 7-uii lbs ham and bacon, 71 pkgs
groceries and provisions, IS pkgs fresh vege
tables, 21C pkgs fresh fruits, 12,320 f lbs % salt,
20lK{ cs canned goods, 75 j)kgs onions, 405 pkgs
potatoes, 2150 gals :; cs wine, :I2 <_•* 61 bbls
and 21 half-bblK salmon. SCO lbs dried fruit,
21 bxs rait-lns, <;."i lbs chocolate, 1X1 cs spices,
WHO lbs. Jl cs meals. 84:j lbs dried fish. 6040
lbs lard. 4K.SO lbs codfish, 32S4 lbs butter.
Itt4<! lbs :i ca cheese, (> rs mineral water; 1 cs
brandy, 13 cs 00 gala whisky. .'{tCl pkgs bottled
beer, 12 cs rider, 1.-1S7 lbs peas, tt coops chick
ens: 2fK» pkgs table preparations. 3C56 lbs 12
re bread, 41 cs syrup and molasses. 20,000 lbs
rice, 140 lbs tea. l.'JSO lbs coffee. 175 bxs paste.
240. lbs nuts. 2/HH lbs drewsed poultry, 1W6 lbs
fresh fish. *J7 cs boots and shoes. *j cs hats,
348 pkgs dry sopds. 1)3 bxs soap. 351 cs coal oil,
112 bxs candle«. "55 pkgs machinery, 83 rolls
felt. 40 bbl» pitch, 110 es gasoline, 4200 gals
distillate, .2t> baits hose . IS pkgs electrical
good*. o2 pkgs acids, 7.120 lbs 11 cs manufac
tured tobacco, 4 pkgs bicycles. 42 bars 13 bdls
»teej, 177 barn HI bdls iron. l!)."l pkgs paints
and oi!e. ' 35 pkgs grease, 05 pkgs paper, 163
pkgs nails. 1<» cyls ammonia. 250 bbls lime,
100 tors fertilizer. 102 cs matches, 2."{ I pkgs
sewing machines. 1500 ft lumber. 121 pkgs rail
road materials, 150 pkga rope, 43 pkgs drugs,
10 bales oakum. ' 32,001 -Ib8 starch. 30 colls
wlre,H» bales twine.. «i4 sks cwal, 25 pkgs wagon
material, 8 mules, 200 cs blasting' powder, 12
cs caps and fuso, 619 pkgs tools and builders'
hardware, 100 bbls cement, 17 p<"8 hardwood,
257 pkCB pipe and fittings. 6 bdls brooms. 10
bales filter cloth, 6 bales duck, 140 kegs white
lead.
The Xcvadan's Cargo.
• J. L. Benwell of 14 Joy street. Ber
nal Heights, reported at the Morgue
yesterday that Edward Leon Levy of
the same address had left that place
on Monday at noon and had probably
committed suicide. Mr. Benwell said
that Levy was 21 years of age and ar
rived from Memphis. Tenn.. last Fri
day. He had been engaged to marry
a young woman of that place, but her
relatives objected and Levy came* to
this city in a fit of despondency.
lvove*lck Youth Missing.
Crude Oil for Hawaii.
The shin Marion <ThUcott was cleared yes
terday for Honolulu with C72.00O gallons crude
oil in bulk, valued at $22,400.
the early mornjng;.4i(les are given in the left
hand colunyi and the successive tides of the
day in the order pf occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day.' except when there, are" but th,ree tldea. as
sometimes occurs. .The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts.' The "plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. ,
Louisiana; same business from Portland to
Manila at ?» 5o. . / ¦¦ ~
The British' bark Invercoe proceeds to Syd
ney in ballast.
The bark Rufus E. Wood has been pur
chased by T. P. H. "VVhltelaw for ?225(K - '
PORT ANGELES. Wash., Jan. 19. —
The body of Homer H. Swaney was
picked up by the tug Bahada to-day
two miles north of Dungeness light
and was brought to this city. The
body was floating with a steamer
Clallam life preserver on. Swaney
was president of the Pacific Steel Com
pany of Irondale and the Seattle Steel
and Iron Company of Seattle.
of SI lit wreck Found.
STANDARD OIL COMPANY'S
.HANDSOME" STEAMSHIP.
NOW INiPORT.: l fS
i o t p .{a Ft ¦ '. i> * •.-. • • ry
In the suit, of the Nome. Beach.
Lighterage and Transportation Com
pany vs. the Frankfort Marine Acci
dent and Plate Glass Insurance Com
pany 'the jury.^liV^tbe; '.ynlted States
Circuit Court: yesterday gave "a* ver
dict in favor of the plaintiff for the
sum' sued -lor, .$2500, interest vand
costs, on '.the loss of the Catherine
Sudden 'In- Alaskan. waters.-'- '-- ,\
•'. »(« .ly,uoini A . .. -
I insurance' Company Loses.
The ships of the Alaska Packers' Association
fleet are being haulr.l out of the water on the
marine ways at Hay & Wright's shipyard and
renalred and painted In. preparation . for\ the
comine f.lmnn fcaton. R. D. - Hume t Co. »
schocner Berwick is also at Hay ¦& .Wright s.
•where a propeller nn3 gasoline engine will be
installed. The whalins schooner Monterey is
alt.o at the same yard receiving a 110-horse
l>ower engine to aid Iwr in chasing.b'.ubber.
Preparing: for Salmon Season.
The Astral is af large carrier and
brought from Baltimore 5000 tons of
coal, the temperature of which' Cap
tain Dunham managed to keep within
the* safety limit throughout the pas
sage.
While providing handsomely for the
afterguard the owners did not forget
the men and the Astral's forecastle is
a model of hygienic comfort. Captain
Dunham is well known in San Fran
cisco.
The ship Astral, which got into port
late Monday night, 147 days from, Bal
timore, is one of the handsomest vessels
ever in this port. Captain Dunham be
lieves in paint and has a mate with a
reverence for brass polish and holy
stone. Between the two the Astral
fairly shines. In spite of her dirty cargo
nc man-of-war was ever cleaner' than
this Standard Oil ship and .few jiners
have more convenient luxuries than the
Astral's owners have provided for Cap
tain Dunham and his officers. Dining
saloon and cabins are handsomely fur
nished. .. The floor of the saloon is pol
ished hardwood, r an'a iri 'the'kenefal'dec
oration a nice, artistic taste has been
displayed. . ...
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 19. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW. velocity 24. miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
¦" TATOOSH. — Passed out Jan 10— Stmr Jeanle,
from .Seattle, for San Francisco: stmr George
Loomis. for San Francisco.
. Passed In Jan 1J)|— rG»r stmr Eva, hence .'an
15, for. Port Townsend. ..
Passed out Ja-n 10— Ger stjiD Andre Theo
dore, for QuienFtown.'
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed' Jan lft— Br ship
Beechbank, for Port Blakeley; schr John A
Campbell, for San Pedro; schr Meteor, for
San Pedro.
Arrived Jan 18 — Schr Queen, hence Jan 6. !
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 19 — Stmr Centen- '
nial, hciKf Jan 15; stmr City of Puebla, hence
Jan Hi. ... *
. Sailed Jan 18— Stmr .Santa Ana, for Valdez.
Jan .19— Stm^ Geo Loom If.- for San Francisco;
stmr Oueerj. , Tor San Francisco., ,
Sailed Jaq 1»— Stmx.Or**onlan,"" for, Hono
lulu. ¦..;..•¦¦ > . ¦ . ,-.-- ',-. ... • . jt ¦..._.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan IS— Sehr John
F Miller, for San Pedro; s:hr Falcon, for San
Pedro: ¦ «tmr Newbure. for San Francisco;
stmr Sequoia, for -Monterey." ¦¦•¦ r> ;
Arrived Jwn 18— Schr Alert, hence Jan 6.
Sailed Jan 19— Tug Dauntless, for San Fran
cisco, with stmr J S-HI«cins,ln tow. .for San
Francisco.
SAN* PEDRO— Sailed Jan lft-^Schr H D Ben
dlxsen. for Grays Harbor; stmr Grace Dollar,
for {ban Francisco. , -
Arrived Jan IS — Stmr Samoa, from Caspar.
Jan ¦ 1»— Schf Honolmi. from Anacortee. ; • >
t. P ,°^T IP S AXGEI.ES— Arrived Jan ' 19—
Ital ship Francesco Giuseppe I, from Tyat
PORT HADT-OCK-Arrlved Jan IJ^Schr A
M Baxter, from San Dleep.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan lft— Schr For
est Home, for IIniphon«r.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Chico. I
from Bandon, for coal; stmr Elizabeth, from'
Bnndnn, 'or San Francisco, for coal
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Tremont.
from Hongkong.
PORT TOWNSEND^Arrlved Jan 10-Br
ship Simla, hence Dec 30. • .; j
Sailed Jan 19— Ger shlD Xlobe. for Queens- I
town: Fr bark Mezly, for New Caledonia.
SAN. DIEGO— Sailed Jan 19— Schr Lottie
Carson, for Eureka.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan 19— Br
bark Beechbank. from Port Ludlow.
, ISLAND PORTS.. . '•
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 18-Bark Foohny
Suey. from New York. • ' ,
So^d^ Jan 18 ~ Ship J B Thomas. forPujret
KAirtTLUI— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Argyll,
hence Jan 13. ... .•»¦'•
EASTERN' PORT. i
NEW YORK— Arrived, Jan 19— Stmr Segu
ranca. from Colon. ¦ . ¦
jjj Sailed Jan 19— Stmr CHy of Washington; for
Colon. ¦ . ¦,..
. FOREIGN PORTS. ;
SALAVERRY-- Arrived. Jan .3-Br bark i
Parkdale. from Junlti.
MONTEVIDEO—A rrlvcd Jan 7— Br s»mr !
J.Ienantlc. from Callao. for New York I
TOCpPlLLA— Arrived Jan 1— Br stmr Wear
slae. from Buenos Ayres. ]
USHANT— Passed Jan B^Ger stmr Sesos- 1
tris, from Hamburg, for San Francisco '
.' VALPARAISO— Sailed Jan .1— G«r stmr I
Uarda, hi»jice Oct .21. for. Hamburg j
t • A . NTWER P r- Arrived Jan 16^Fr bark
L'Hermite. hence Sent- 5. I
• DUNGENESS — Passed .Jan 17— Br shlD '
Greta, from Lelth. for Honolulu. j
ADEN— Arrived Jan 18 — Br «tmr Indrawadl
from New YorK. I _• ' ;
MELBOURNE— Arrived Jan 18— Schr Bore
alls, from Grays Harbor.
KOBE— Arrived. Jan 7— Br-etmr Wynerlc
from Tacoma. -
• SOUTH AFRICAN PORT-Arrived prior to
Jan lft— Br etmr Vermont, from Portland Ot '¦
SHIMONOSSKI— P«ssed Jan 18-Br WraV
Indravelli. from Portland. Or. via Hontkune
SYDNEY— Arrived J&n le-^Br bark Inver-'
arnsay. from San DIe«to, Cal. ¦- .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 19— Br uhlp Dal
gonar. hence Aug 24. t .
• ISLE OF WIQHT-Passed Jan IS— Br shin
Mnrlborough Hill, hence Sept 3 for £eltn
MANZANILLO— Salkd Jan 16-Br stmr
Atholl. for Sun Francisco. V^ r . 8tnjr
AUCKLAND— Arrived prior to Jan 19— Stmr
slSy Ts W te> ' ;Vla Honolulu, for
Ca^rfo^Sa^-pfSr Ja " 24 ~ Br *"*
brld^^^FT^isc? 0 39 ~ Br 8h "> D 
for G^n Y1 FrVn74 a r '" 1Q ~ S^ Cur «-
• HONGKONG— Sailed Jan 16-Stmr M S Dol
lar, for Calcutta and Sourabav* t -
OCEAN STEAMERS '
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan iff— stmr Kais«r
Wlihelm II, from Southampton and' Cher
bourg. ¦
Sailed Jan 19— Stmr Statendam, for Rotter
nlaT'lro 1^^" 1^ JM 1Q ~ Simf *fc
. JAVA-*Saned Jan lft^Stmr Invernes*,- for
V ancouver, B.C. ¦
George 'Behes was taken.' from the
City and County Hospital yesterday
morning to the City Prison and book
ed on a charge of •murder. He shot
and killed his wife, Mrs. Emma
Benes, on December 7 in the cellar of
the Humboldt lodging-house, 1309
Stockton - street, where she was em
ployed as a cook, because she had re
fused to live with him again. *He had
come from Los Angeles in search of
her. After shooting his wife he. turn
ed thej revojy^ pri himself, but did not
inflict a iseri»HHT wound.
Charged With Murder.
After a careful consideration of the case
we are of the opinion that Captain C. J. Lucky
was negligent In navigating the ferry-boat Sau
salito on November 24, 1903, In not keeping a
more accurate account of the run of the »team
er, and In having the compass so covered that
he could not see plainly how the steamer was
neadlnc " —
For such- negligence, and unsklllfulness we
this date suspended his license as master and
pilot for forty-five days. (Damage to stem,
$4000.)
The passengers were taken oft by the Caza
dero. The Sausallta made very little water
and came off the, next morning without as
sistance. . * ,
Captain Lucky testifies that the compass
card was so covered that he could only see
part of it, and thought the- steamer heading
W. N. "W., the usual course. steered from Al
catraz to £ausallto; Instead of which' course
she was heading. N. N. W. at the time she
struck Angel Island.
United States Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger yesterday suspended for
forty-five days the license of Captain
C. J. Lucky for runnlng'the ferry-boat
Sausalito ashore on Angel Island on
November 24. The opinion is as fol
lows:
From testimony taken we find the ferry-boat
Sausalito, C. J. Lucky master atid pilot, left
her slip at San Francisco at 8:45 p. m., No
vember 24. the weather being fogjry, with light
wind. When papslng Alcatraz Itland the light
was seen and the fog bells at each end of the
island were heard. " A few. minutes after pass-
Ing Alcatraz, a light on a vessel was seen
right ahead. .Captain Lucky says' this vessel
had been there all day and he had seen and
heard her on his former trips.
When Captain Lucky saw the Might he put
his helm hard a-starboard to clear the. vessel,
then hard a-port to bring the steamer on her
course, then starboard again to steady her,
when the steamer ran ashore on Angel Island,
one-quarter of a mile east of Point Knox. The
fog bell -at Point Knox was not heard. No
land was seen nor echo from the steamer's
whistle heard until just as the steamer struck.
The vessel was running at regular fog speed
and no signals were g\ven to the engine-room
until just as the vessel took the bottom.
The inspectors are makinp.an effort
to determine if the seacock was left
open. The fact that two oilers both
claim to have closed the seacock leads
the inspectors to believe that it may
have been left open by mistake. The
inspectors have shown that if the
pumps in the vessel had been working
half their capacity they would have
rumped even' drop of water out of the
vessel.
The testimony this afternoon went
to show that the water coming in
throuch the broken deadlight had
TK'thinp' to do with the sinking of the
Fhip. Furthermore, that the pump on
th? seacock must have been reversed,
and instead of relieving the ship more
water was being pumped in, until the
•"¦npine room was flooded and the fires
put. out. The investigation probably
¦wrti "to-morrow.
Captain Ifarrv Bullen and Captain
John Oraham of Victoria took the wit
ness stand and testified regarding Cap
tain Lawrence's ability as a seaman.
They 'said he was an able man. L*aw
rence was given charge of the boat
containing the women and children and
¦was one of the first to lose his life
in the disaster. The inspectors want
to learn whether he was a capable man
to take- charge of a lifeboat.
Ed Parker, an oiler on the Clallam,
testified that he closed the seacock.
Atkins, thp othjer oiler on watch at the
time of the disaster, says he was the
man to close the seacock. He declares
he did not notice Parker near the
pumps, and Parker says he did no| see
Atkins.
SEATTLE, Jan. 19.— At to-day's ses
sion of the investigation into the loss
of the steamer Clallam, J. U. Atkins,
an oiler cm the vessel, stated that at
about 1:15 p. m. January S he placed
the circulating pump on the bilge and
¦within thirty minutes the water had
arisen to a sufficient height to put out
thf fires. In that event, according to
the inspectors, the engines would have
stopped in about two hours' run out
from Victoria. The Clallam at that
time must have been well to the Port
Towns-end side. *
Acording to Chief Engineer Delau
ney, the Clallam had been steaming
in tho direction of Victoria for at least
an hour and a half before he noticed
the water coming in. In any event, the
Fhip had been taking water for more
than an hour before the captain was
notified of her condition.
Reversal of a Pump Now
Considered to Have Been
the Cause of the Disaster
Board Hold That -He Should
Be Punished ..for Running
the Sausalito on the Land
FORTY -FIVE DAYS' REST
MYSTERY OF A SEACOCK
In Addition to Being a Huge Carrier Her Living Quarters for Officers and
Men Are Equipped With* Comforts and Luxuries Seldom Seen Even on
First-Class Clippers— Cabin Floors Are ''Made., of Polished Hardwood
Contradictory Stories Told to
Inspectors by Oilers Who
Were on Clallam
United States Inspectors Say
That He* Was Negligent and
Unskillful in Navigation
STANDARD OIL COMPANY'S BIG SHIP
ASTRAL A MODEL SAILING VESSEL
CAPTAIN LUCKY
IS SUSPENDED
INVESTIGATORS
ARE PERPLEXED
•, • •- • ' • -• '-v •,— ,.— ,,. -r, v , - r. .. ¦.,... ¦ ; -
THE .SkN -FRANCISCO » CALL, JANUARY ., 20, 1901.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, BAILW AY ' TBA VEL.
SOU T^[E^PACI F1C
Train* leave mii<1 aredne to Arrive at
sAN FKANCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street )
mt» — From Dec«mb»b ¦¦£>. ltt)3. — A»»r»a"
"~7.00a VaearlUo. Winter*. Kumsey 755i»
7.00a Benlcla, SuUun. Elmira and Sacra-
mento 7-25p
7.30* Vallejo. San*. Collator*. Santa
Kosa. Martinez, San lUmon 623p
740* Nlies. Llrermore, Tracy. Utbrop.
. • Stocicron 7.25*
' 8.00* Shasta Express— (Via Davis).
Williams <for Sartlett Springs).
willow*. ' tKruto. l:e l BlaO.
FortlHnd. Tacoma. Seattle 7.55*
800* Darts. Woodland. Knfshla Lauding.
Murysvllle. Orovllle 7-55*
830* Port Costa. Martinez. Antlocn.
Byron, Tracy. Stociton, New-
man. Los Banns. Mendota.
Arcions. IUcfurd. Vlsalia.
Porterrtlle 4.25i>
8 JO* Port Costa. Martlnits, Tracy. Lath-
rop. hlodetla, ilerced. Fresno,
Goshen Junction, llaaford.
Vl»»:ia naker^flelil 455»
1.30* Kllen, San Jose. Llvcrmore. Stoclc-
ton, (tMllton). lotto, Sacramento,
Placervlilc. MarysTlUe. Chico,
Hod Blaff 423*
850* Oakdale. Chinese. Jftraestown. So-
oorn. TuoliiTnne and An^l.' 4 25?
9 00» Atlantic E»pre*s—Og(len*ad East. 11.25*
9.30* Klchmond. Martinez and Way
Stntlona 855i>
10.00* The Overland Limited — Ogdea,
DenTer. Omaia, Chloajo. 8 25p
1000* Vallejo 12-25»
1Q.C0* Lo> AnsRles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron. Tracy,
Lath rop. Stockton. Merced,
l; i> uvml. Fre*no, Goehen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsalia.
BakersSPld. Lo« Anseles 7-23^
ICOOil Hayward. Slles and Way Swtlons. 3.25P
t 1 -OOr SucnimentoUtverSleamers til.OOr
iJLQr Benlcla, Wluters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Lnndlnir.
. Maryivllle. Orovlllo tnd w»y
station* - »5§5 4
3J5OP Hayward. N lies an-J Way 8tatlons.. 7-6S*
Z30p Port Costa. Hartlnex. Byron.
Tracy. La&rop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Star
tton » beyond Par\ Co»ta 12-23F
S30f K-rtlnex. Tracy, dtockton. L<xU...-10-25a
4 COr Martlne».S»n [tamon.Vallejo,Sap«,
Callstogft. SantiMlona 9-254
4 COr Klles, Tracy. Stockton. Lodt 4.25»
4.30r llayward. Nile*. IZTtngton. San) T8.65*.
Jos«. Llvermoro 1I11.«5a
6X0r The Owl Limited— Newcn«n. Lo§
itanos. Mrndota. Fresno. Talare.
I«»ker»fi<*id. Los Angeles.
• Golden State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Los Angeles, (or Chi-
cago, via C. B. I- « P 8 53*
5.00r Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12 2Sf
t530r Ilayward. Nlies and San Jose 7.2Sa
. 6-OOr Hayward. Nlies and San Jose. 955*
6.C0r Enu-rn Express— Ojtden. DenTer,
Omaha. St. Loata. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benicla. 9ul-
sua. Elmlra. Davis, Sacramento*
Koekltn. Auburn. Colfaz.
Truekee. Boca, Reno. Wad*
worth, Wlnnemucca 5-23?
6.00r Vallejo, dally, except Sunday....! ,,•.
7.00r Vsllejo, Sunday only | *•"
7C0r Hlohraonrl. san Pablo. Port Cost*.
Marttnes and Way Stations It. 25*
8X5r Oregon * California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysvlUe. Kedding.
Portland, Pnzet Sound and East. 8-55*
8.1 Or Hayward. Kile* aad Saa Jose (Saa-
dayoaly) 11-58%
COAST LINE (."Urroir tiaage).
(Koot of Market Street.)
8-15* Newark. Centervllle. San Jose.
Fclton. Boulder ¦ Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5 U>
t2-15r Newark. Centarvllle. 8an Jose.
. New Almaden. Los G»to«.?<-I ton.
Boulder Cr»elc, Santa Crus and
Principal Way Stations t10-S3»
4.15r Newark. 6an Jose, LosQatos and I t8-55 *
waysutlons I J10 55 »
«9-30r Hunters Train, Saturday only, San
Jose and Way stations. Return-
ing from Lou Gatos Sunday only. t7 2Sf
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN t 'liAAClSCO. Foot or Vlarkec St. (Slip i>
-ri-M »:0O ll:0O a.m. 1.00 XDQ S.ISr.a.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t»:Cs) 13: M
18:05 IUiOOa.m. 12 00 200 400 r.M.
COAST LINE (Kroad ««•*«>.
ty (third ami Tovrnsend Streets.)
6-10* San Je«ean4 Way Stations......... 630r
700* San Jose and Way Stations 6 38*
8.00* New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only>. 4.10V
800a The Coaster — Stop* only Sao Joae.
Gllroy (connection for BoIUs-
t ter>. Pajaro. CaatroTllle (eon-
Uiectlon to and from Monterey
and Paclac Grove), Salinas, Saa
Ardo. Paso Roblea. SanU Mar-
rarita, San Luis Obispo, principal
stations thence Snrf (connection ' •
for Lompoc). principal stations
- .. '- - thence Santa B«rt>ara.San Bueaa-
ventura, Saogas. Los Anseles... i943r
t.OO* 8sn Jose, Tres Plno». Capttola.
SantaCru<.Pac!acGrove.Saltnaa,
San Luis Obispo and Principal ¦
Way Buttons 4.1?*
1030* San Jose and Way SUUons 1.20?
1130* Santa Clara, ban Jose, Loa Gfttos '-
_ and Way Stations 7.30*
1 30f 8an Jose and TV ay SUUons 8- it*
J.COr Del Monte Kxpreas— Santa Clara. ,. -¦
Sao Jo«e. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connecu at Santa
Clara for Santa Crnz. Boulder
Crtek and Karro« Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holllster. Tres
Plnos. at CastroTllle for Sa'lBss. 1213r
3-SOr Tres Plnos Way Pusenzer......... 1045*
4 30r Pan Jose and Way Station* t300*
tSOOf San Jose, (vte Sanu Clara)
Uatoa, and Prtaclpat Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) t9 00*
5640» San Joseand Principal TT aySUtions }3 4£U
ft.fcOr Sunset Limited.— Redwood. San
Jose, Gllroy.Sallnas.Paso Tlobles.
San Lnls Obtspo. Saau Barbara.
Los Angeles. Demtnf;. Kl Psso.
J»ew Orleans. New York. Con- J
* nee ts at Pajaro for SanU Crua
and at C«*trovtll« for Pacific
Grove and Way Stations '7-184
ti.15r Ean Mateo, Ceresford.Bermont.San :
Carlos. Redwood. F»lr Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto f8^8*
¦ .ZOf San Jose and Way Sutioti*. 8-38*
8 OOr Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.11s
il.JOr tiouth San Francisco. Mlll»ra«.Bur- . '
ltngame. San Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks. .
Menlo Park. and. Palo AlM> t.4S»
•11.30r Mayfleld. Mountain View, Sunny .
vale. Lawrence. SanU Clara and
San Jose.,*-.... tiASj
. AforMoxulag. P for Afternoon.
1 8nnday excepted. t Sunday only. .
a Saturday only. ¦ ,
I Stops at all stations on Snnday. .- .
t»"Oniy trains stopping »t Valencia St. sonClbo«ni
«rr(>:10A.M..7:OOA.3C.. 11:30 a.m., 3:30 r.M.. 8:30 r.Tt. *m
liOOrJt. a
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Pried Lists fflaliai
on Application.
1 PBESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO.. Tg^^jEKfaff
oxxs.
LUBRICATIXO OILS; LEONARD & EIXI3*
413 Front St.. 8. F. Phone Main 1719. ¦
FBI2ITUTQ.
E/C.BUOHES. - ,,,sa F S^>.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Weakness in Men
A Michigan Specialist ;Finds an Easy
Way to Cure Any Case of Sexual
Weakness Even in the Oldest Men.
This Wonderful Cure Has a Most
Marvelous Record of Successes.
SENT FREE TO ALL WHO
APPLY IN WRITING
There are thousands of cheerless homes
In this country filled with discontent and
unbappiness. lacking In love and com-
panionship through the sexual weakness
and physical impairment of a "man whose
years do not justify such a condition. In-
discretions, abuses' and recklessness
often cause a temporary cessation of vi-
tal power that instantly yields to the
wonderful treatment discovered by the
great specialist. Dr. H. C. Raynor, of De-
troit. Michigan. It has remained for this
great physician to discover that sexual
weakness and similar troubles can be
cured and in remarkable short spaces of
time. This treatment does not ruin the
stomach, adding the miseries such injury
entails, but it is a new treatment. that
easily and quickly restores youthful
vigor to men as old as 85. ; <
The discovery is beyond doubt the
most scientific and comprehensive that
our attention has ever been called to.
From all Bides we hear private reports of
cures in stubborn cases of sexual weak-
ness, enlargement of the prostate, varl-
cocele. epermatorrhea. lost manhood, im-
potency, emissions, prematurity, shrunk-
en organs, lack of virile, power, bashful-
ness and timidity and like unnatural con-
ditions. It does tliis without appliances,
vacuum pumps, electric." belts or any-
thing of that Xind.
Satisfactory rtsults are produced In a
day's use and a perfect' cure in a short
time, regardless of age or -the cause of
your condition. '. -
The lucky discoverer simply desires to
pet in touch with all men who can make
use of such a treatment. They should
address him In confidence. Dr. H. C. Ray-
nor. 177 L.uek building. Detroit. . Mich.,
and Immediately on receipt of your name
and address it Is his agreement with this
paper to send you a free receipt or for-
mula of this modern treatment by which
you can cure yourself at home.
BAILWAY TBA VEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
»t 0:30 a. m, tlAoug-h la a days,
with diner and all trapping-*. '
Other Santa 70 Trains:
7:30 a. m. I t0T sto -it tont Fresno. Baiersfleld.
9:30 a. m.V Merced. Haaford and Vlsalia.
8:00 p. m.J ,
4:00 p. m. (or Stockton. -' . <
8 :00 p m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICE — 641 Market St.. an A
rerry Depot. S. X*. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South First
St.. Sam Jom.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANC15LU mj iturtTH PAClFia
BAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Poot of Market Street.
SAN PBAKCISCO TO SAH KAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 1:'M. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:a3,
3:30. R:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra trip
at 11:50 p.' m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SXJNDAYS — S.O>. »::». 11:W> a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
tS©0. 0:20. 11 -.no p. m. ' -¦
i SAN KAPASL TO SAN FBAKCISCO.
i WEEK DATS— «:C5. T:35. 7:50. 9:20. 11:14
a. in.: 12:50. .1:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:40. 11;15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
, 4:55. 5:C3. ~«:25 p. m.
I.ervn | In Effect I . Arrive.
Ean Francisco-I Sept. ,27. 1803. |San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun.- | W«k
Days. I days. I | days. I Days.
7:30a S:UOa . ' 9:10a 8:40 a
9:30a igTiado. 10:4ffa 10:20a
3:30p 3:30p 6:05 p 8:20p
6:10 p 8:00 p 7:35 p •
7-3flT a 9:10a 8:40 a
S:00a . Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petalum* B:05 p 6:20 p
8:10 p 3:30 p tnd 7:35 p .
5:00 PI SanU Rosa.
7 -30 a ' 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p
¦ Windsor.
7:30a S:0Oa Healdsbui— . •¦ 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30p Geyserville. 7:35p 8:20 p
Cloverdale.
-'•30 a 8:00 al Hapiand .110:40 a|10:20 *
3:S0p 3:30 p| and Uklah. I 7:35 p{ 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:C0a| Wllllts. | 7:35 p| B:20 p
7130 al 8:00 al U0:40 a|10:20 &
3:30 pj SM0 p| Guerneville. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30al 8:C0al Sonoma. | 0:10 at 8:40 a
5;10pj 6:0? p| Gte." EUen. | 6:05 pi 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:0t)a| ~ 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p! 3:30 pi Sebastopol. 1 7:35 pi 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
¦ Springs; at Fulton for Altrurta and Mark West
Springs a» Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
I serville for Skagg? Springs: at CloverdaU for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Spring*. Soda Bay. Lake-
! port and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy
i Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
! L)ell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
i Potter Valley. John Day's. Rivera!*!. Lierly's,
| UuckntU's Eanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr**
I Hot SpriDgiS Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
! Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Brags.
! Westport. Usal; at Willlts for Fort Bragg.
1 Westport. Sherwood. Canto. Covello, Layton-
i vtlle, Cuminlnfc-s Beirs Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. GarbtrvlUe. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced Tatcs.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Ean Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
bulldlns.
H. C WHITING. R. X RYAN.
Gen. Manager. ¦ Gen. Pasg. Agt
HTOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
via Sausalito Perxy.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Denart from San Francisco Daily— 7:00. 8:00.
n-fST 10 00 11-00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:13.
B^' o"l5 7:W. 8*45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FRO* 'SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
Dally-5-25. C:35. 7:40. 8:35. 0:35.' 11:04 a.
m? 12:20? 1:43. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45.
bl FROM 2 MI P LL in 'VALLEY' TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily— 5:45. «:55. 7:52. 8:53. 9:55.
H-20 aTm.-.' 12:35.' 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 8:05. 6:05.
7 05 9:C0. 10:S5 p. m.
\ THROUGH TRAINS.
¦ 8:00 a. r m. dally— Cazadero ana way stations.
¦ 6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way statlona.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tion*. • . - - - \ ¦¦ . ¦
¦ Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes .and
T/ay stations.
1 TICKET- OFFICE— 626 Market St.
FERRY— Union Depot. i foot of Market sL
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
)"" .Lea*«. TiaSnsaUt* tmj ~Arrtw« "
SaaFrandsco fest «f Mirkst H San Fran ctaco
Week San- v f-fff San- I Week
Day*, days >_«^JK days Dava.
•18.13 i •8:00a 12:05 rfoltol
•l:45i> 9:00a W&3&BI l:2Sp t-.&Or
5:16r 1O:OOa wSSSS' *:S0i> ft:»Oj.
....11:00a 4:5Op »:«•»
~ I, l:45r »:»»»
¦ *CsMMt wtUt itip tt ¦ -'* ' ¦ Wf a sat TtOr* Of
nci« J 026 M*»m ST..(North Shore Railraa4)
. MIICB I and Saotauto Fsxav. Foot Market St.
l ¦' i ¦¦
yj^mS^tiM MEN AND W0ME51.
<_H^»^C(7B£^G3 Uis BigOfnrunnatnrai
MgS&rix l to t d«n^a dUcharues.lnaaniniationi.
Saga Osartatted H Irritations or olceratioai
Cr«s>F net t» strlewre. of mnconi membranes.
fr.r.BU ChimIm. Painless, and not aitria-
BfTSlDIEETMSCHEMIcnCO. gent or poiionoai.
%*& cmcmiUTi.B._ff_J! «•»* sir Dmtiuu.
U.U.A. jkSa of »i' <a plain wrapper.
JK3%t»>>^ br «xpre«s. prepaid, for
\Bl_H0^B $1.00. or 3 bottles 12.75.
— ¦— jgjggjpj^y h circalar lect ca Tsqneit
"^ _. ADVERTISEMENTS* :. r -u r
M A MILLION GRANDMAS all over H
i /^is&^fTY America point to CASCARETS |j
H Wr^ \^z** *\i^ Candy Cathartic as the most per- It
B tgr * . ¦ jgjja feet family medicine ever discov- B
B T vv^wS^L. ered. Good, kind, tender-hearted R
a I _ <-•*>* '"' ?^v%sMaS|BSL l old soul — grandma tries to help HJ
H \ v^- *^ \I^^^-B^ai others by "telling: of the good things PJ
gj ,r*i^ 'JfiSk. she has learned through experience ij
1 C/*\ Mf\, i!8H^&*-Wk andsothesalo of CASCARETS is Kj
fg 1>S*W V&&w£B8§&BS@m OVER A MILLION BOXES A ||
9 ?~~JI t * MONTH. Years of experience "with |l
8 l •• ?2hk JBagWBBg her own health, and grandpa's and. E
S V X r^^Kx<4^^^^W ter children's, and her children's I]
i Y^\s£r^H^i&jffiSpr children's have taught grandma ¥1
ii \ \\SSS^>i'^»HS?- that OASCARET3 Candy Cathar- |j
3 > \}^BW' ,jS&/£Sg)S tio are the only perfect medicine ||
H V fm.-^r sW8m&P\ fo . r aU t' 0^ 01 troubles, children's m
3 1 ¦ ' JtMSmB&Zr diseases, diseases of the stomach f
3 V li^SffiJflsJHM and liver, sick headaches, bilious- Fl
% ness, and bad blood. Best for the fj
a fl^^.^SaBBMjiSmtw bowels. All druggists, IOc, 25c, m
M J I ¦ , wm[BWBfflPnfEgtr» 50o. Never sold in bulk. Genuine U
1 tablet stamped O C C. Sample and n
a^-jfllv^fliy^ " TA *y *»•«*•• STERLING REMEDY COMPANY, |!
tl J^^-J&Fr 7<? 'ood " Chicago or New York. I]
i^^»»j5^ >NDY CATHARTIC *«x$tfS£0^ \
I ANNUAL SALE-TEN MILLION BOXES 1THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL?:; WEDNESDAY/ JANUARY 20, 1904.
12
CLAIRVOYAiirr^nntlBiiM. '
MME. PARKHURST, \clalrvoyant and card
reader; business advice: sittings dally. 9 a.m.
to 8 p.m. ; prices 25c up. 33 McAllister bt.
CAKPKT BKATIXG AXD > CLEANING.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; Ice moderate:
S. F. Comnresscd Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S0O Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 1 223.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses mad; over.l4:X! Howard :tel. South 21U.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 3»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpot-beating works: prices
reasonable. 170:: Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
•(Ct Golden Gate ave..: telephone East 2H.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. 4IS Montgomery, roomi 9-10; t»l. R3&8.
. . _
CUKES EUPTXI*"RE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-0 Callaghan bldg.. .Market
¦ und McAllister Jts.. uses the Bastord Obtun-
der; the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavatinz teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at offlce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144:; Market.nr.ElcvVnth
— No charge for extracting when plates ar<»
rrade: old plates made over like new; te»th
from fS per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
A NEW r-»io — The Whale'-^ «e — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. .?.'» 50: fillings. 50c:
. plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist,
mom 14 Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewltt.2<"4Sut|er
l"l« K?" «¦¦•».* KEIt\ AND S1"AMSTRKS"<KS
Accordion. - sunburst' & knife plaiting; double
stamps, on 'dress linings.' Stewart's button A
buttonhol? factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery Schoofl-
Patteins tut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. ~
ANOTHER enlargement at CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE: an army of workmen
ave putting the finishing touches on our new
' home. 001-925 Golden Gate ave The deveiop-
' mt-nt of '.his progressive school has been ouc
i of - the greatest successes of the West; lS.tR>0
square feet.- 33 rooms.- 45 students. IS teach-
¦ ers. Write for 75-page Illustrated catalogue.
.: The growing life and enthusiasm here will be
a constant inspiration to.yuu.
'AY RES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket. s"t.; established 18 years; ilfo scholarship.
$50; " bookkeeping, shorthacd. touch typing.
arlthmeiic. spelling. . etc.; positions secured;
¦ the college refurnished with new ¦ typewriters
and furniture January I. Catalogue free.
HEALD-srnUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 -POSTr?.
- F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing
, '.angusge*. telegraphy; Engt'sh branchea; day.
• and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
• for >he' university.' >aw and medical colleges:
¦ ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford -profes-
gor: day and -evening neaslons. ; Phelan -bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; establlsh-4 2O years. . 1412 Polk st.
r between Pine and California; both adult and
i 5 chilUien'b cl»sses are now open for the season.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
AM lookins for a good !odglng-h<4fase; one that
will pay a good percentage on Investment;
if you have it give price and location. Bus
44S, Call, office.
I WANT a medium-sized lodging-house In a
desirable .iocaticn; reasonable rent. Address
box 672»JCall. *
WANTED — A lodglng-hous?, about 40 rooms.
Box RSI. Call office. ¦¦•
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium: mining a specialty:
ndvice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love: readings by mail most
satisfactory, $2: readings dally. $1; develop-
ing clnss Thursday. 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
AUTOMATIC writing trance medium: readings
daily 1 to 0. r>Oc-$l: cir. Sun.. Mon.. Wed.
ami Thur.. 2:30, I0c-26c. 11 Taylor, room 5.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.; nr. Octavia: phone Soott :-*S7.
A- MRS. CRINPLK— Materializing stance
Wed. evg., 50e. ."2S Ellin St.; S o'clock t;harp
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle Friday eve..
25c: sit. dally. 1000 Harrison: tel. Mint »07
MRP. LESTER, test and business medium:
circle to-niRht, 10c; readings daily. 112 titn.
EDWARD EARLE. I0.VJ Ellis. r»adin«!i daily.
P:30 tn 4; M»ance« Sundav and Thursday.
n.AIRVOYASITS. "
• A-^PAL'L DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance "Clairvoyant '
and Palm'st Ever in San Francisoo.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no chargi" if I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to-
tell you whether husband, wife or sweethtart
is true or false; tell who and wl«?n you will
marry: In fact. I will tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can tell yourself: I
reunite tho separated, restore lost ¦ affections,
cause happy marriage, give good. luck, restore
lost enerzv: lt> a. m. tn S p. m. : Sundai". - to 6.
:j2ti O'Famll st. Lot/ f»» this week — SI.. :
IIMR. M. BERNARD"; THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium. ¦ perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.: she read3 your life correctly, gives an
a<*:tirate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to*
occur in the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented, or. not satisfied with life, or
. have domestic, love or business-troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be. : told
how to overcome them: valuable advice in all
affairs of H'e: 25c up: tatlsfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 45»'3.-
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant arid
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market'
et.. tor. Turk: private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered; $1;
lull life. $5: tend lock of hair, data of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postofflce.
Welli-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. MARCELLA. just " returned, from ex-
'-. tended * tour, reads past, i present" arid future
by ancient Egyptian egg method and Le Nor--
mand cards; fee. ?l. 1613 Lvon ' St.. . bet.
"Bush and Fine; phone Geary 2657. - ' :
MRS. A.. II. KROXENBERG. palmist, clair-
- voyant, card reader: when others fall try m»;
ggpd reading 10c. ,721: Franklin, nr. G.C.ave.
A — lime.. Ravenna reads life.' business i advlep;.
• names given: 25c up. 5 4th st.; near Market.
MISS ZEM DA U.. young gifted clalr. and palm.:
names: L 5*>c, G $1. 714 Franklin.'nr.G.O.ave.
MRS. RROWN. clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 Cth to 2;j".j Hth; la. 25c. g. 50c.
MISS WARD, for a ; few days.- 017 Market, r.
11-12: gives narnM, dates, facts. Hours -i 1-9
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known, fortune-
teller. 1* new at 317 Ellis st. . —-.¦."".-.
OLDEST, lady palmist and card- reader in city.
2tiVi Kearny. room 20; ladies/. 25e: gents. uOc,
MRS. SIIAFER. clairvoyant, card-reader;-j=it-
tings daily. H$\i Jessie St., bet. Sth and »Hh.
J.OPGI\G HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst bids.. ov«r "Examiner" entrance.
Modern businesH methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3HO7 or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do bu?ines» strictly according to law.
DO you want a bir transient, house? ' ',
ONE that will clear $.100 a month?
WE have that kind of a house.
OFFERED at $1000 less than Its value.
OWNER has been called out of the city.
GREATEST money-maker in San Francisco.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner Building.
BARGAIN of the city; corner apartment-house
of 150 rooms elecantly furnished, always full
and clearing. $514 monthly; Inexpensively oper-
ated compared with other houses 'of similar
character; low rent; will clear 40 per cent per
annum on purchase price. • ,
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner Building
WIFE in hospital causes sacrifice of 31 rooms;
Vi block of Market; rent ?110 with lease;
reduced to $1500; will take a flat in trade.
MARION GRIFFLN. 40« Examiner Building.
NEW house. 4 blocks north of Market.;' 30
large, desirable rooms; low rent: 3-year
lease: most artistically furnished: will clear
$200 to $300 owing to management.
MARION GRIFFIN. 40« Examiner Building.
CORNER near City Hall; splendid, sunny: 23
rooms; steady, respectable roomers; r?nt $125;
profit exactly $145 monthly: don't fall to maK»
an offer to MARION GRIFFIN quick.
R. R, MEN i.re the roomer* in r.iy 80-room
house: rent 5240; income $5«0; price S500O;
yet due for furniture $2:>00; will exchange
equity for real eststo worth $2500. See my agt..
MARION GRIFFIN, about It. ' -
GENUINE bargain and GOOD HOME: 28
rooms on sunny corner north ot Market: splen-
didly . furnished: rent -very reasonable: price
$2250 it sold this week. See MARION GRIF-
FIN.
ABSOLUTELY clean and respectable; 20 rooms
in heart' of histi-toned portion of city; rent
only $100 per month; guaranteed to clear $1)0:
this is an opportunity seldom •ffered;.i'{you
Want this snap see my only agent.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 400. Examiner Bids-
S-NNY corner; r>2-room- bay-window house;
clears >341 month; ". Ti-ycar lease; rent $225:
every room full of sunshine; if looking for
a respectable money-maker ami pood
Investment see my a^ent. MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECT bandbox'of a housa: 24 rooms j
on Sutter st. : to/iy and up-to-date: full o'
steady roomers, but could be - tade to
clear $200 month,' See MARION GRIFFIN.
LITTLE payment ' ($500) takas a 15-room
!£E. corner 5 blocks north ' of Market: price
$loiX»: better see it before '.buying elsewhere.
.MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner Building.
r.N'ORMOUS dividends and safe as U. S. bonds:
new 4S-room apartment-house •« • -.ring 1 $2<i70
yearly: price $4500.. See MARION GRIFFLn.
VACANT— 82 rooms.' north of Market; ¦will
lease for 5 years $5Ms" room and furnish to suit
tenant. ..MARION. GRIFFIN is' my agent.
. R1STOCRATIC family, ho ;| on corner; faBh-
ionab'e neighborhood: SO rooms all outside.; fur-
niture very best: carpetfe velvet; rent only
$! iO: monthly .profit $45O,ghowri by .accurate
b-;k Hccounts: ; price: reduced : $5500; terms
¦>'- ci>"h, balance monthly .installments Jo suit
buyer: cause dissolution, of. partnership.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 400. Examiner Bldg.
HANDSOMELY 'furnislied.' sunny 10-room
house; rent onl^ $pS:. splendid . location in
.Western' Andftion': 'always full; clears- 5 :> >5
over.'expinsefr, ' a«ld») from "very liiigo room
"for ownrr;:priro- reduced to $000; 'the 'bargain
of the city. MARION GRIFFIN, 100 Exatn-
' Ir.er hutlding.f ,.:..:,..'¦; ,. , • '. . " ; • ¦•¦...'
FOR SALK— A j IW>ARDING-HOl"t5E: MEDIUM
SI/-E; ELEOANTLY.FURN1SHED: LOCA-
TION . UKST IN THE CITY: LEASE:
' OWNER LEAVING: TOWN.. ; BOX 2S5C,
CALL OFFICE ,-••- . .
\ '_ j. : COTTAGES TO tlE T'
COTTAGE, 5 rooms anJ bath, large sunny
yard. - 26; 1 " Bush . st. ; $25.\ ;--.- ¦; ¦ y '¦'¦> i : '
THE^CALiL
.— ._ . , . — , — . — .. ¦ ¦
JOHJT 3. ±FRECEEX.S. *"P ri 5 to J:
/jidress CCEEllira^]Cj£EB_EclA€GHT. M2B22er
\V. J. MARtlX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Af-k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You W ish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 237 to 221 Stevenson »t.
. I>clivercd by Carriers. O» Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts Per Mouth. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail, ladwllng Pottage <Casli With
Order): •
DAILY CALL 'includ. Sunday). 1 year.. $8.00
DAILY CALL (includ SunUayt. C no!.. 4 00
DAILY CALL— By S'.nglt Month 75c
SUNDAY CALL I Y»ar tJHO
tt'f.KKLY ..ALL, 1 Yt«r '...-- ?¦«>
ropnrN . |Dai;y..$S-Sr» I>r Yea. KxtrA
£rt5?i^F •< ! Sunday. 4.15 IVr \fur Kxtra
fOSTAGK. [tl"««kly. LOW 1'er Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE ATJTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUESCRIITIONS.
Cample Coplea will he forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail njbscrib*rs in ordering ch2nge of ad-
<Ire(.^ fhnuH he parti.-ular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDREi-S In ortly to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
que&t.
OAKLAND~OFKICE.
i:iS Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
214S Center Street Telephone North 77
WAfHINITON CORRESPONDENT.
MORTON L'. CRANE Hue G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WtMorf-Attcria Hotel: A. Br^tano. 31
CsiOB Square; Murray 11.11 Hotel; Fifth-ave-
cue Hctti and Hoffman Hcuye.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Houte: P. • O. N'«ws Co.; <lreat
Korttam Hotel: Treniont House: Auditorium
Hotel; Tclmer HOBSC
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Marqtjette Bui'.ding
<Long Distance Telephone. "'Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH U0 Tribune Building
NKIV' YORK CORRESrONDKXT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of th» San Francl?co
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
ur.til 12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
inos Market t-trret. opposite Fifth: open until
II p. m.
527 MpmccTTierv etreet comer Clay: open un-
til r»:SO p. m.
V.fiO Hays s-treet: open until 0:-'".f* p. m.
«.".:» UeXIUzter op«rn unti! 9:30 p. m.
*il5 Lsrkin Ftrcet; open until 9:3u p. m.
1P4I Miysion ttrect; cr«-n until 10 p. m.
2^*il Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til » p. m.
Jf>« Eleventh street: cpen until !» p. m.
IM Valeacia rtreet ; tpen uptil » p. m.
Northeast former Church and Duncan streets:
open until 9 p. m.
Sfanhwert corner of Twrnty-s«cond acd Ken-
turk Ftreets; cpen until 9 p. m.
S-' 1 * 1 riilmor* ftrect: oprn until !» p. m.
MEI^TiVG !»OTIC*RS.
CA UK >f{ N J A chapter of Rwf <'roix 7^
No. T. A. and A. S. K.. €25 Sut- I I
ler *t. — Called mwtinK THIS "Vf — I
(U'EnNLSDAY> EVENING at fc "W — '
•'Vlork. Seventeenth degree. All rU
KniKlits Rose Crcix cordially in- 1(1
CHABLE8 J ELLIN EK. Sec. LJ
* Cr.("KKi:TT Lodse No. IX$ V. and A. «
W.— Third il^Ri^ THIS <WEI)NES-"VVf
r>AY» KVKNINC at 7 o'clock. By or- />r\
d<r oi the W. M.
R. H McPHERSON, Secretary.
UI£SJOX Jxj.;?- No. 1<» K. Knd A. M. «
-< "ailed Rl«etb3C THIS <\VEDNES-VVf
DAYl EVENING ?t 7:3U o'clock. />r\
Sec-end decree.
R. ,E. ALLAN, Secretary.
L«"'iHj:: Franco- A mcriraine No. .oj>OJBi3*«.
IT. I. O •' I" Members art '•''-£$}&*&*&*&¦
• lii-M- ¦ to . :¦• i>1 n- next i'=c--i*?;-<SvTt-
Ihi DMWtinc. THURSDAY', Janu- *zfa&ft>
firv 51. Initiation?. Visitor? are welcome.
J. DIMMER, N. G.
L. L. REMT. Becretarr.
NATIONAL Union. r-.nf™-. » g rjyji «
r.ia I'f-ifi.cll. meets '¦ '>- a **T~"*ta.
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. 1 1 • '^Ct
Fourth e'.. at K o'clock.
Vjfitlnc fri«nds cordially i:;vited; initiatlon.
B!>' order. E. A. M. GILBERT, President.
C. II. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
ST. ANDREWS Sr» i-iy — Burns" an- C7
Etiversary. Bcottirti Hall. 107 I-ar-^ Ji^f^
kin st.. MONDAY F:\KNING.
-lajiujiry. at K o'clock. Th«-r<» v.iil "^^?X
tic t'flff. <lurt«. trioti. qiiartetE. reritations.
and •instruriur.tiil i^'i'vtions, . inllowed by a
s-ociai dsaw. A.imist-ion tents. Tickets
at Mevsr>. ,1'^hn Rrid & Son's, 7* Grary st..
und the ilanson & Elri.-k Co.. 200 Monteom-
rry el.. nlrr from members of thr *o«-i<»ty.
P. LIVIN'O.-T'l.v KL'NN. Pre?ider.t.
J. BLACK. S.-rriary.
AXNUA L~ Met-lir's — TlT< recular annual m?et-
ir.g :<( «he it^« kfxilii^rji of tbe Union Tract
Cmifwny o€ San Fr^ncis<ai will be h^ld «t tli»
t»:nvo ef tbe rompa.ay in tho Union Trust
Company"*- bui'riinj;. corner Pnvt, Montgom-
rry unl Market ;t^.. Sa;; Frani-ic.o. Cal «n
THURSDAT. tho 4;li day of February. tS9t.
»t tlir Iv.ut «1 2 o'clock p. m.. for t!ic |>ur-
po*e of f'.'rtin- « board of directors to aem
for th" following rear. th«> am^ndmont of the
r.y-lawf of flic company snid the tranf^a<•ticn
fit i-ther busirt^E as may come before
the HK-otinc.
_____ CHARLES J. PEERING, Secretary.
rrOCKHOLDERS" MEETING TAnnua!>— To
the Stockholders of the Oueanic Stramsblp
Company — Please take notice that th% an-
rual ¦ m»^tins of the stockholders' of the
Oceanic fit^amfhip Company will be held at
th« rrincipa! oTflee of the company (i. e..
K7 Market tt.. mom 4. second floor) In
the city and county of San Francisco. Stat»
ef California on THI'RSDAT the 21« <J»y
*f January. A. D. 19f»4. at II o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electins directnrj and for
the transaction of «uch other busine»» »•< '
may properiy acme boforf the meeting. Th»
•tock transfer bcokn of the company will be
closed ten (10» days prior 10 said day of
tr.eetirr. By order of the Board of Directors
U. W. THOMAS. Secretary Oceanic Steim-
»"i!p Comrany. 327 Market et.. San Fran-
ci»cr. CaJ. /
' NOTICE of annual m'-rtinK — Thn regular an-
nul meetini? of the i*to<:kholdrrs of «h»
• Blifornia Gas and Electric Corporation will
be held »t »h» office of the <-ompary rixth
floor. Rialto buiMinc. San Francisco' Cal
on TTESDAY. January C6 IWI at the
hour of 3:15 p. m.. for the purpose of eiect-
Int »s Prjird of Directors to *crv*. for the
• nruing y«=ar and to transact tuch other
t-rt-iif-fs as may come before the mretlnit
Transfer books will close on January iO at
t o'clock p .m.
C. W. CONLISK. Secretary
Room 627. Rialto building, city.
ANNUAL M<?etiriE— T*he re?ul«r~annual meet-
Ing of the rf-M-khelders of The National Ic*
O^npany -«»ll h» h*.U a t th» offlce of the
t-ompny. .T2T Market Ft.. Sari Francit-oo Cal "
r«, «t\ >:r»!F.SI>AY. th., :ui 1«v of Febfuarv!
11*04. at th- l.our rf i| o'clock a. m., 'or the
purport of »-iertinc a br-arl of directors to
• rve for tl"- TJminjt vrar and the transac-
tion of eucli rth*r business as may come
Ix-fore tlie m<vtii»K.
' ,:¦'¦_ J. T. DOKAftHK, Eemtiry
AGENTS WASTED.
AT onro-itt-,la^ agpnts to handlT^ a^c~n7ed
novrlttes in San Francis & AUm4 ,J? un :
ti"»: nn.- -han.f-K for St. I^>ui»< K*poFitK.n-
sr^ial term> tn HkIu fwiii^. a. !•,,«. <;„":
I'm 11 - ?£?£" lnd " f "- ial '•"¦• r-«r off,.-^. ",«
PMij-r^oakliind. 1ft to 1 p. , n . & 2 to «i p.m
_ AOVE'BTISEaiEJJrT WBITIKO.
I HAVING recently acquired through exchance
FJZT"; IT' S2 aSSSi
V°"f* e "/. A /' Vfrtl « r l5-* T « '"" United State*
JjTIT fcy <orr» ? roti(J-n«- and urtsta its grad-
f^L rwitiens; .•at«lopi»s fur-
rirheij o n arUi. -itlon. Addrets box :W2^ Call.
MAjr-rjPACTxmzks.
" sr - i **^o''--t» of Pacific CoT^t
rr.fcry. <;f pHpcr , nd othrr d *
r- 11 f «""" Cnica EO -md vicinity. Box 32?)3
ASTROLOGY.
fctns. J FRANCIS a^oiriEt: lei-wnn; relT-
inpn: liotir* 10 to ,V Su<t» 10. Uatrj Langham.
.
ft'PRIVATE, «iuii k divorce for a small tr-c. *
S*c pie 4<»d rave niuti'V; no pay in advance.
G. W. IIOWi:. ATTORNEY-AT-LAU.
Eft»blif;h»d 22 jr*.; mic I. 2. ."5. 4 & 5. I Ft fl.
II'.!;: MarU^t *t. between K> son and Taylor
"Advice Uee all matters. l)e:ective»! i-rnployed.'
ADVICE FRe£
¦A,-- Criumtvii 1j* enl CciIJection Ag-^nry,
Itooni S5. fl<; Market n. : M John essn.
OIVOnCK — Cottf, 512: «juick. riuipr: advice
tret; open cv«Tiins^.- a*_"7 Market et.. r. U01.
NEW Juvenile d-nartment of the Paul Gersoa
Sc'.iool of Actir.s now open; app' Jcants^re-
ceived from C to 12 years of a«e; jIiss Liii.aa
Muscio. principal: exceptional advanU* a.
largest school of the kind in the vWst: s*rvi
for catalogue Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mascn.
A LARGER and better school than ever: enter
at vnce ir you desire a (food position: ureRX
rhorthan.l. •Kills bookkeeping- S. F. Business
CollcsT. 123B Market ft. ;
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
»t.. & F.: a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue fre*.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mcch.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1SG4. " li ' a
der Naillen Schocl. 113 Fulton, nr. City Halt.
ST. JOSEFH'S~ACADEMT. Peralta Park.
Berkeley, boarding school for boys under IJr.
KRO. -GENEBERN. Director^ _
CARLOS N. KELLER, fnor »oloii»t and toach-
er of tb» art of SINGING; piano taught.
Studio 361 Geary et. .
STENOGRAPHERS — Increase your n^*^ with
the graphophone; never tires. 463 Ellis St..
room C5. »- . j
DANCINO Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evg*.. Teutonla Hall, Howard St., nsar
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
BANJO, mandolin and miitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra pr*ctlc». 462 Geary st.
SPANISH.French.'tc.pTOf.De FUippe's Academy
of laiiguag"s.32f> Post;<-stab'd 157l;ablest profs.
PIANO lessons, 25c fit hour. MRS. PECK,
• experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OFltLLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424- Pine st Night claas.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1OC4 Mission. nr. 6th.
A WEED'S news for 5 rentis^Ths WMkly C»1U
¦ Its pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GET your tie!p~at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOT-
MENT OFFICE and Hou»<*cleantng Co.. 1-T-T.1
Pine. nr. Jap. M. E. Church: phone Polk .",6*>>rt.
GEOROn AOKI. 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nislics btst help: contracts for farm help, #tc.
A— ORPHEL'M Employment office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 42f> Powell. Tel. Main B752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Erap. Office. 415
Stockton: tel. Granules; expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Offlce. 115 Franklin st.: phonw Folsom 2S56.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
n>»; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 513*.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
. Tel. Main W97. BRADLEY & CO.. *«f> Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FE31ALK.
SCANDINAVIAN cook, also Scandinavian sec-
ond girl, just from Washington, first-class,
wish situations In the same family. See J.
F. CROSETT & CO..Y334 Sutter «t.
A SWEDISH housework girl: excellent cook;
best city ref. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
A SITUATION wanted by a respectable lady
to care Cor an invalid lady or child: good
reader, or would do some other kind of work
and sleea horn*. 794 Folsom St.
GERMAN graduated teacher wishes position
in school, or as governess or companion; also
teaches French; best of references. Address
F. H.. Irvington. Alameda County.
POSITION by experienced stenograDher; ref-
erence* given. Address Berkeley Realty Co..
2147 Center St.. Berkeleyt
EXPERIENCED German cook wishes situation
in private family: best city references. 1022
Larkin St.. near Sutter.
WOMAN wants situation to do housework and
cooking; reliable and competent. 703 Devisa-
dero st.
POSITION as working housekeeper by young
German woman; competent and reliable; best
of reference. 340 Duncan st.
A WOMAN wishes position at gen«ral house-
work. Please call at 9 Frankfort ave.. oft
Thirteenth st.. bet. Mission and Koward.
WANTED — A situation as upstairs girl. .Call
or address M. M.. 1223"", Buah St. ¦»
LAUNDRESS wants work by the day. 743
Folaom st. Phone Red g77. ,
WOMAN wants work by th* day washing or
houseclcaninr. Call 157 Tehama St.
A GERMAN girl wishes position, light hous«-
work. Call 133 Fillmore st. ; morning.
YOUNG American widow. Just from the East,
desires position as housekeeper, or would tak*
charge of hotel or boarding-hous<» in som«
mining town or camp, city or country; horn*
more of an object than wages. Address with)
stamp, SIRS. DELIA Z. DOMIMGO. P. O.
lockbox 2013, San Francisco. Cal.
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor and sultmaker.
cutter and fitter; gowns made at home or en.
gagements per Any. only flrst-ciaas worlc
done. E. C. BARS3. 12» Hyde St.. room, 15;
tel. Sutter 3651.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants a
position as housekeeper or assistant in Oak-
land or vicinity: moderate wages. Apply
box lOW?. Call offlce. Oakland.
THOROUGHLY competent young Infants'
nurse wishes entire charge; delicate infants'
food a specialty ; 5 years' references. 612
Treat ave. .
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse wishes a few
more engagements; terms. $10 to $15 a week.
Call or address MRS. WILSON. 043 Folsoia
st. k near Sixth.
PROTESTANT young woman desires to car*
for children, assist upstairs; neat, reliable;
wages* $25. Box 728. Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper;
city or country: no children; wages $23.
Box 735, Call office, ;¦¦•:¦'£
LADIES' high-class dressmaking and tailor-
Ing: few mor engagements; city references.
Phone Polk 666.
STRONG German- American girl wishes hous«-
work in private family; no letters answered.
752 Bryan st. , -- - •-* 5
A YOUNG weman wants work by the day.
v,-9shing anrr house cleaning; XT 50; carfara.
Address box 737. Call office.
A YOUNG woman .with a child wishes hous«-
keeplns?: no objection to country. Apply 17T
. South Park, In basement, city.
A STRONG #woman wants work by day or
week; slee\> home. Call or adcr MRS.
NEWMAN, 320 Minna st.
A LADY piano player wants a position, city or
country. 294 Natoma St.. near Fourth.
YOUNG sirl (speaks Ger.) wishes light house-
work in refined family. Call 2S31 Laguna st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th*
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. £33 McAllister rt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
A HANDY man with tools, understands gar-
dening, milking, etc.. wishes situation.
ANDRE"S. 317 Stockton st.
YOUNG man wants a position as retoucher and
finisher on photographs: can talk French,
German, Scandinavian and English If re-
quired." Call or send word to J. E». 1709 Saa
' Pablo ave.. Oakland.
POSITION wanted by reliable man. with his
own help, trf di> the work in a. dairy, orchard
or urain ranch at a monthly salary and hoard
himself; good references. B. C. 77 Ninth st.
A GERMAN atone mason'and cement worker,
understands lewervoir and nil tank work,
wanta a position. Hex 411. rally-
RELIABLE man and wife want positions to
take caw of a 'gentleman'* plar-e or a stock
ranch; good reference. W. P.. 77 Ninth ut.
BUTLER or valet, first class, wants position:
gives massage. Room !t;i>. Golden West Ho-
tel; .telephone Main 5"".VS.
STEADY man. handy with tool*, some carpen-
ter cxperteni-e, wants work: has small cani.
taNtp invest. Box 717. Call offlce. •
STRONG, sober young man di^ires work: good
2-hnn*: teamster ami general work* meder-tto
w«»e». rtox 7'j»5, Call offlce.
GOOI» <ock wants situation in hotel or~board"
Ing-hou-c. Call at t"5S Folscm s>t. "
RELIABLE younj; man. 23 years of~a^e ,$»
slrea a position with dry goods or gents'" fur
nishing goods house;- 5 yean," expe rl( , nr lT
California and Eastern refs. Box 730. Call*
YOUNG man. sober. Industrious, wants noai-
tlon as reader and companion to gent or ladv*
sick or well; a trial will prove satisfactory m
leascncbh-: kno:va city. Box 741. Call
A YOUNG man *eeks» a situation at- handling
boraes: can drlv« all aorts of horses, vlcioal
or otherwise: the care of horses my soi
I eialty,: country preferred. Ftox .44O. Call.
j CARRIAGE painter, striper. 1-tterer and ah".
isher wishes steady position; capable of fnr«
marwhip. J. TOMLINSON. 420 Minn, .»
San Franco. Cal. • Minna st..
BARTENDER, middle-aged German Zi7-~ZZ
and sober, with tons experience desire, r. 7
4 l i2. On c. T .l h o,flce 0r ClUb - clt * or^ouTtry"* b^
COLORED man and wife would llfcn = .1." — "T~
In country: can do *jmM™ Box^^
STRONG .younsr man wantTa place' ta t^ '
grocery business, without bar. Box 430. &£
HtSIM'ISS 'CHANCES rontlniiei!.
100-ROCMS family hotel or. r.nest istred In
city; grand new building; beautiful entrance;
new - and luxuriously I u in i shed, tutoring only
.to first-class ti-aJe; the, cuisine unsurpaased;
hot ar.d cold ocean water baths; every
equipment uu to date: clearing $120'> per
month: acronnt of owner leaving city thia
fine hotel will be sacrificed tor one-third less
I than cost: if «/l«l by February 1. price
l" 515.C0O. Exclusfveiy with CAMERON &
I CO.. 3 Eddy st.
I WANTED— First-class restaurant man with
' some nionpy to take dining-room kitchen in
I Kwelieit apartment house in city; no other
roFtavrant within 5 blocks. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy gt.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; One prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for r'jiig house or business. Cameron.:;. Eddy
I FOR sal°— Well-located candy store; all equip-
I pe<1 for nip-king own candles; establish**" S
year?; tearing over $20O per month: will in-
• voice about S'.C'MV CAMERON. £ Eddy st.
HIGHEST chsIi price paid fcr stocks <f XWf
chandi5f. See A. CAMERON & CO.. •" Eddy.
FOR trad*— Income-bearing city property for
xtocks of merchandise; any amount. CAM-
ERON & CO. r
FOR cale- One of the best restaurant*" in city:
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $10O per day: will
b»er lnvestigaticn; price $l«nO: also one In
* ro~i location for $350. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy st. ¦_
WANTED— A six-day restaurant in KQ<rt loca-
tion : state full particulars. Box <>43. Call.
CIGAR stand wanted on a good corner down-
town. Addrfss with price, etc.. box M", Call.
f~WILL buy a butoher sh«p In a good Ioca-
ticn: will pay cash. Box C54, Call.
WANTED — Stationery and notion store: etate
price; rent. etc. Box 443. <_all.
FOR sale— $350; country l.acksnjlth shop;
good location. Apply 16 Beale st.
FOR sale— Outside route on Call. Apply 3164
Twenty-fourth st.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning works;
pood location. Box 2S0O. Call office.
WANTED — Cigar stand: give price and loca-
tion. Box 441. Call office.
VERT low figure: well stocked, good paytnsf
cor. basaar; must be sold. 1600 Devisadero.
LODGJ.NG-HOtSE!* FOR MALE.
\ CAMEROX & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3. Eddy st.. ccr. Market and Powell.
Headquaiters for roominc-houses, hotels and.
all kinds of business chances.
106-room medern family hotel; swell loca-
tion; first-class trade: ocean baths; everything
up to date: clearing $1200 per month; will be
sacrificed for one-third less than cost to fur-
nish: oblised to leave February 1; price $15,-
oOO.
20 rooms; rent $75; 2 years' leaas ; good per-
manent and transient house; price $1200.
44 rooms; rent only $125; 5 years' lease: run-
ning water: everything- in good condition;
.clears $125 to $150 per month; price $2S00.
19 rooms: corner: rent $0.">: oak furniture;
good carpets; hair mattresses; part cash, bal-
ance on time.
r.S rooms; rent $250; 2 years' lease; well fur-
nished, throughout: close In; first-class board-
ing-house; clearing $250 oer month.
5 rooms and bath; rent $18; water free; new,
modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
220 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house: elecantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $400 to $600 "per month; golden oppor-
tunity.
30 rooms: rent $95: fine location: all on 2
flocrs; 3 years' leas?: clears $100 J full; -$2000.
125 rooms: first-class downtown house: 5-
year lease: cheap rent: private baths; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see this.
I 47 rooms; rent $125; good lease; fine location;
some apartments always full; clears $.200.
11C rooms; new. elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house; one of the swellest In city: clear-
ing $5U0 to $£00 month; splendid opportunity.
7-room. new. modern flat: $450 cash, balance
on installments; income $45; price $550.
24 rooms: rent $140; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close in; always full.
162 room*: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine-entrance; cheap rent: clear-
ing *400 oer month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
5 room*: golden oak. fur.; Moquet carpets,
oil paintings ; must leave city; make offer.
CO rooms: rent -only $200: downtown house;
always full: clearing $200 to $300 month; new-
ly renovated and in floe condition.
15 rooms: Van Ness ave.: oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain if taken at once.
SS rooms: bonton location ; elegant building;
luxuriously furnished; all modern conveniences;
grand entrance and halls; strictly up to date;
called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50: $300 cash, balance on Install-
ments: price $S0O.
f>9 rooms; new and elfgant building: fur-
nished beautifully and ud to date; hot and
cold water every room; $4000 cash necessary.
7 rooms; rent $3S; modern house; new furni-
ture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house: fine lnrniture; hair mattres&es;
clearing over $200 month; price $1000.
24 rooms; rent only $125; first-class condi-
tion: oak. mahosany, blrdstye maple furni-
ture; exfa fine carpets; clears $70: price
$2000; half cash, balance l'i per cent.
21 rooms: Howard Rt. : rent (inly $00; good
fur. and carpets; clearing $180 per month;
$400 cash, balance time; price $900.
10 rooms: rent $50; clow In; oak, birdseye
maple fur.: fine carpets; elegant liftl^ transient
house; ciears $125: part cash; price $600.
15 rooms: Van Ness ave.: rent $S5; naU. ma-
hogany furniture: always full; price $1200; al-
most new.
. ¦ • t^_. v 1
86 rooms; cheap rent; furnished last June;
oak furniture; Brussels carpets; clears ever
$250 per month: half cash, balance 1 per cent;
o\vn«r sick In bed.
50 rooms; Bush; rent only $1*52': good furni-
ture, carpets: clearing over $200 per month;
only 14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work; a snap. .
31>rooms: rent $110; fur., carpets n»w; clears
over $100 per rnq.; 2 years' lease; wife sick in
hospital; part- cash; $1500.
10 rooms; rent $45: new carpet*;' newly pa-
pered and painted; clears $30; $450 cash, bal-
ance time.
A rooms; Geary: r«nt $20; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200.
12 rooms; rent $60; oak and mahogany fur.t
srood carpets: fine yard and garden in rear;
brlng3 in $60; "«aves balance landlady; ¦ price
$900.
6 rooms; rent $35; oak fur., Brussels carpets ;-
3 rooms rented for $2S; price $300.
8 rooms: new, modern, flat: rent $45; all light-
cost $1000: will sacrifice, quick sale, $000.
t ¦'
C. E. I1INKLEV, PHONE 'MINT. 730.
1020 Market st%, • Opp. Fifth.
Former patrons mv best references. • v
Reliable dealing. , Easy terms. Clear titles
Country' correspond»nc« promptly answered.
I'art-Cash. Balance monthly payments."
l«»rooms; Ocary ?t. ;- speculation $750
Ui.roemp; tunny" comer; rent $."5 '.$l«0o
7 rooms: Leavcnworth s=t.; rent $30NN$'t."0
60 rooma; Market St.: liquor license... .$4000
17 rooms; Pine.st.; clear $50. <,t70<»
fl rooms; Sutler ft. : partially furnished.$:;.V>
12 rooms: California st.: r«>nt $50; a *nap$"50
.'51 roome: Fourth'and Market: a gift. .$1500
10 rooms; Ccaiy st.: clears $40; rent $2? $.ViO
2« rooms: Lcavenworth st. : sp<»culation.$1»0o
.HI rooms*": Bush st.rrent $:!7 50: only. .SJ.V)
JK! rooms; Market nt.: 5 years' l*aso.. Jjg.VH)
]i: rooms; boarding; offer wanted. .... .$flOQ
17 rooms: rent $4S: clears SW '.'.'.'.¦. $H50
100 rooms; grand 'winn»- corirr. $7fir,0
IK rooms; « unfurnished; r»nt S15.-.V. . ij.vto
35 roomi;; transient: lease... $1500
20 roonia: lease; electric lights .? »}50
S rooms: Post st.: rent' $.12: only. .... .S250
A— CALIFORNIA. INVESTMENT CO.,
Phoafr-Black «WI. 777 "i: Market st. ¦
. Bank • References. .
- Any^Hotme Sold- on Easy;Tcrmp.
A— <• ROOMS.' bouse, good furniture: "block or
Mnrket Mt. ; rent S20; snap for $175. - 777'i
Market rt. , - ¦ -
A— S-ROOM fiat; elegantly furnished; . Ge«ry
st,; price *f.fiO; easy terms. "7U. Market. st.
A— 8 ROOMS: nicely furnished:. good Inc.; rent
only $22 50; bargain;- $425.' 777',£ Market f=t.
A— 10 ROOMS; nicely furnished: light rooms; on
Geary;onJy $550. " CAL. .INVESTMENT ¦ CO.
A — I5ARGAIN; 12 rms. and stable. X«>f MktT:
cc.od furnlFhincs; pl*nn, upwing machine; rent
$35; price S'^10; easy terms. 777 Vi" Market' st.
A— GOOD buy; 1 4 rooms/ N of' Market: fur-
ntehrd O. K.; rent $69; price $650. 77714 Mkt.
I
ATTOnXEr-AT.lAW Coiiilnnfd.
W. H. BITTNEn,
ATTOHNEY AND CQUNSELOR AT I.AVv*.
Advice free. Phone South 7M.
Suite :i22. Emma SpreeUels buiidinir.
Divorces quietly jind legally obtained for
fight causes; dan*.ai;es secured for injuries to
' person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garaisii-
' menta for. debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
pi-o. ee4!ngs: wills probated; estates settled;
collations rrade in all parts of the U. S.
¦ II. \V. KINO, Attomey-at-Irfiw, Kxam. bldg..
Cth floor, entrance room 611; established *A>
i yr-ar.«; all tares; general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenincs by appointment. Tel. Red «OU1.
GKO. W. AVKHILL: atfvlce giv?n In all easesT
divorce. t>robat<*. bankruptcy and attachment
Milts a fpeclalts'; practice In both State and
F«sieral ccurts. Room '4f5,' 4th foar, Parrott
Mdg.. K55 Market st. ; r'h<»ne Howard 2551.
ADVICE free— I will advance con In meritori-
ous cjsrs; divorce*, prf<lj»te and all other law
• cases; no t<"*^ in advance; open every even-
tng. J. M. THUR8TON. S19 Market st.. r. 31.
' DIVOttCB <-o/=ts f!2: open evening*: tenants
j ej^ct'd.$ri. Olti Market. r.C2: phone B'.ack 051.
I L. S. <LARK, 1127 Market Ft.: consultation
I fr^e: no fees In advance; open evenincs.
| AtTOMOBILK*.
ALMOST new Fteam dns a dos, for '"tir p*n-
pl*: c«-*t *1C.V>: mun sell: will take ?500
ca»h. It !nt»rested investigate this. P. O.
| box 151. Oakland.
j niRDS. DOGS. ETC.
S»l!inc out n"l!er Canar>" Birds, males and fe-
nial»s; CoJdfincli Canary mulen. 3l«s l«tb «tj
IIl'MXKSS CHAXCES.
A^sSsco^TlIETsadi^F^^ta'jrar.t of this city:
rent $150; surrounded by :> theaters; private
boxes for ladies; a flm-clacs paying- place.
K. G. WILKE. •ft'i Keaptiy st.
A— lltfOO; SALOON; r*nt $40; place doing a
good bu?inr5«: clearing for owner at least
*"?¦«» r"er month: patronized by mprchants and
printers mostly: no night or Sunday work; a
rate cliance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. *JtiH
Kearny et.
A— $12tM); CORNER saloon on C!ay st.. near
Frcnt; meriantile 'unch; rent $15: establish-
ed yrars; good business. R. G. WILKE.
'MV, Kearny st. :
A— $S0O; CIGAR stand on California St.. near
Sansorr.e: rent $40; value in sight; a place
whete any man easily can clear J20O per
month. Sec R. G. WILKE. *J»j"-i Kearny et.
A— SltCO; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
Just a few doors from Market st. ; owners
clearing at least $300 per month; will give
trial to purcha&er if he means business;
plckiirss of one of the partners enly cause
of eale. If you invest in this business your
money is well invested. See R G. WILKE.
Sti'j Kearny st.
A— |4'X0; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; net rent $65; laase; this is one of th»
leading and best paying places In this city;
no night work. Call R. G. WILKE. 26«i
Kearny ~*t.
A— Slirr-0: DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Su>ckton sts.;
laree stock: clears at least $-.V> per month:
full value in sight; a eptendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2«Hj Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn. 1 cart. 1 electric
pi?no; 10 years' lease; rent $4"i; "price $3000;
business very good: that is all. For particu-
lars tee R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny St.
A — S15C0; BUTCHER shop In Western Addi-
tion: rent $40: weekly sale about 4 steers,
25 sheep: 1 horse. I wagon: dally receipts
about S40. See R. G. WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny.
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and , bar on
Guerrero St.; lease; a good paying business;
fresh stock; all cash trade. Particulars R.
G WILKE. 26'^ Kearny et.
A — $1400; CORNER grocery and bar on De-
visadero St.: owner has a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compel him to
l<=ave for East. See R. G. WILKE. 26\b
Kearny et.
A— SliOO; DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission St.; eplendld
cham-e for man and wife. Call R G.
WILKE., 2<> l 4 Kearny st.
A — $1500; THE best oyster stand in Portland.
Or.; a man with first-class references can
leave S700 stand on the business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A— $5C0— BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living room?: daily receipts about $10;
choice ft location in the Mission. See R G.
WILKE. -'tiU Kearny gt.
A EXTRA RARE CHANCE
PARTNER WANTED
CofTce saloon restaurant; bei* possible loca-
tion: trade the very best: owner 0 years;
flf-E^nt in all it? appointments; full Investi-
gation; price $2500.
A. STENBERG. 7S3n Market st.
A — CANDY ytore ; only $275 . . ."
Worth ?5O0
Factnry in rear; r»-nt *ll>. For sale only by
A. HTENBERG. 7S3'? Market rt.
OUR r.ew "Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
per cent in the past 22 days on Frisco races;
fcr proofs and references ask any . sub-
scriber on our list, or call and investigate ;
explanation free to regular subscribers at our
olfice only; commlssionx handled on this sye-
tetn fcr 25 per cent of the net weekly profits.
Terms for our Handicap sheet*. $2 per day or
J10 per week. N. S. HAND, expert handicap-
per. rooms 1. 2 and 3. 113 Stockton st., S. F.
A— 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick'' swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling echeme. but a reputable, established
burinets enterprise in San Franciseo; cleared
S67.00O last war on $100,000 capital; stock
increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant: call
cr write for particulars. i
GEKMANIA INVEST. CO.. !>27 Market St.
FIFTEEN YEARS ESTABLISHED
Clothing, hat and furnishing goods store;
flQ.cOo stock; four years lease to run:
Kmrny St.. east side, between Sutler -and
Bush; upper gallery and finished basement;
the reason for selling is the proprietor wishes
to devote his entire attention to his other
"tore. Address box 7.'ff». Call offlce.
CALL and see th« list of lodging-houses from
6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road-
hou*«>s. ea loons, restaurants, groceries, livery
fetables bought und hold and exchanged-
money loaned on chattels: millinery "store to
exchange. EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearnr.
FOR tale— Either the goods or territory on a
fine article to put in the trade; a fine chance
for traveling talesman. Call on R. E. GRAF
30 Post yt.. room 15.
ON account of having to leave the city, I will
fell my restaurant, located en Hayes st., at
the low price of $.;t'O: the rent is very rea«on-
able. A.i.lrcss bos 4Sfl. Call offlce. '
PLANING mill for sale; complete mllT m^
eluding sash and ( door machinery; fine loca-
tion; well established business; located In
Alameda Co. Address P. O. box 3!7,OakIand.
WANTED — A restaurant in a good town or
<ity out«id^ of San Francisco: please give
full particulars and < price asked. Address
_bo.\ 4MJ. Call office. - .
WE.M'Il lpdRing-hons^s. restaurants, cigar
Mands. all prices, $15o up; city and country
pro;>rrt.v. Hoston Real Estate Co., 8 Mason.
THE PACIFIC BUSINESS ASSOCIATION.
•1148 Market, -buys real estate and has
rea! r*tat« and businesses for sale.
$900—16 ROOMS: best location: rent $60:~great
bargain. Particulars 400 O'Farrell St.. cigar
?tore.
WA5TTED— Man with small capital; old es-
tablished commission business; no experi-
ence necessary. Box 1007, Call, Oakland.
FOR *ate or trade— A patent right worth $1200
for h grocery or saloon. Call or address 340
Dun<vn «.'. S. F.
$1100 — CORNER- house. 20 rooms: south of
Market; rent $50. Boston Real Estate 'Co..
8 Mason tt. . . - . .- ¦ ,
FOR sale — Newstand and branch postofflce;
muiM. tell this week;, rent reasonable and
prL-o .low. Address box 453. Call.
$2250 — BUTCHER shop; elegantly ' fltte'd up;
splendid location: fine trade; can be greatly
increased- Box 449. , Call. .
! IF you have a.dellcatersen stcreor restaurant
you want to cell, or a good place to open one,
address box 434. Call office.
HAVE $5©<t: wani partner with like amount for
paying busineM; must also give services.
Addrem* box 4*0. Call office.
FOn tale — Lumber yard: good location: excel-
lent chance to g(t a yard on small payment
down; no asents. "Box S75.Ca.ll.
?25<>— INVOICE .$50i): grocery; fine fixtures and
location: rert $15; 4 room?. .Box 720. Call.-
FOR sale — Oyster &!chophouse; cautto, trouble
between partners: must bo gild. «0.'"' / 3 4th st.
FOR pal Spioor.- Call j»t G2S MiFFlnn st.
F1KST-CLASS rtove and hardware store for
»Mle. < B>.»i». account departure. ' Box 724/ Call. !
RESTAURANT for <¦ Kale— 1 living room;"ren"t i
$1<«. 272 Hrannpn Ft. '
BLACKSMITH fhov for sale or to let; In-
quire nl corner of Fnlsom and Army st.
orsTKR-HOI'Sir for «»le; center of Oaklnnd.
Ii 2 !_l lh *!;• **"* Broa( l w '«>' «nd Washington.
EMPLOYMENT Offlce for Fale^cheap.^AppJy
27 \'i Fourth st. . •
I De Witt's Street Number Directory j
I and Indexed /lap of San franciseo [
£ , ===== . , . Q
<* ¦ • • ¦ . . , - - . . : o
% — : — ¦ From Official Data ¦ X
•| ; r - . m s
I Free to All 7 Want Advertisers . |
x L — ' — — 1 — ' ., 1 — I ;$
g — - — ¦ — j — _ — ; ; -^ ; : ' £
I THIS OFFER OPENS THURSDAY MORNING AND |
g CLOSES SATURDAY NIGHT AT II O'CLOCH. ITHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, /'WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 20, 1904.
13
HOUSES -AND \VAGO?E3.
FOR sole— At Eclipse stable, 1375 Eddy st—
1 sprn bay mares. 15-1 hands; weight 2200;
good drivers; 1 good plow team; 1 cheap
caddie horse. . . .^
FOR sale cheap; 3 spring business wagons.
new; 1 2d-hand wagon. 10SO Ml88ion.nr.13th.
FOR sale — Handsome trap, cheap. Box 3730.
Call Jfflce.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for tale cheap. C32 Mission st.
Largest assortrot 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey. harness. work.diivirg horses. 15th- Valencia.
LOST AND FOUND, '
STRAYED from Forty-eighth ave^ near
park. 2 gray horses and l sorrel mare.
Finder please notify A. C. CAMPBELL, 521
Second tt. Phone Main 1340. or Fell 4332.
LOST— Friday night 15-foot skiff, 2 pairs oars
and decoyf-; brass rowlocks fastened to
oars. Return to GEORGE, the fisherman; at
Sobrante; receive reward.
LOST — Old style gold eleeve buttons, with dia-
monds in center. Return to office of Hotel
St. Nicholas; receive reward.
LOST— Saturday night, black Alaska dog:
name "Knickoll" on collar. Tel. Howard
2154, R. J. DILLON.
LOST — Gold dog collar, ornamented with pearls
and turquoises; -finder will receive reward.
Box 3C0, Call office.
LOST— On Flllmore. bet. Hkight and Fell, a
pair of rimless gold bridge eyeglasses. Lib-
eral reward return to 2217 Bush st
LOST— Sunburst pin. set with pearls and dla-
monds. Reward at 775 Pine at.
LOST— Pearl stud. Reward at 416 California
street.
LOST— $5 reward; a Masonic locket. 4075
Sevententb et. ¦
LOST— Part of a cuff link diamond setting;
reward. LOUIS PECK, 18 Montgomery, ave.
LOET— January 15, purse containing girl's eal-
ary; reward. Return 1143 Oak st.
MEDICAL
MRS DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
. complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st ,
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St.. opp. 3th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on ' female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market it.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment *10; hcuis, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
cent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment; 1120 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st. corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 31.9 Powell rt., opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
. MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN>
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
TRY ASBESTOS roof paint and be convinced
that it is the only paint that will stop all
leaka In any roof, either metal or shingle; It
• is also the best preservative paint for all new
' metal and shingle roofs, and makes tho roof
'last over twice aa long than painted with
any. ether paints; it hae no equal. Office. 419
California st.. room 21: telephone James 3716.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
' needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
¦ ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 13O-132 Beale st
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st,
near. Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — Buys, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc.- WHITELAW. -253-255 Spear st ¦;•> .
A FINE selection of trunks, suit cases and
tailor-made suits sold on small weekly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 25 Stockton.
ELECTRICAL engineer correspondence schol-
arship and books: cheap for. cash. STAN-
TON, 73l>" Fourteenth St. '
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
tent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 -ats. $1 30.
Popular Price Hatter, ?330 Kearny st, near
Pine; open to Up. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our .men's- shoes- at $1; nnd $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at -$2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3%c ROLL and up; fine wall paper; "samples,
mailed: painting, tinting, papering. -M. MICH-
IGAN. 1302__Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 328
liuyh st. third floor, room 4.
MILES of pipe and 'fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. 1. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 H. P. cheap. E. B. Beck ft Co.. 122 Mkt
SLOT machines cheap: Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS and safes; fee the complete Una af 1818
Market, ab. Van Ness. P.ICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and «econd-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st ;
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MFG. CO.. 510 Market »t_
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post Et
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. . . \
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. C33 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the' reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 n. m.
MISCELLAXEOliS WAjyTS.
Paper-hanKlni; WRnted: don't forgot; simples
furn. & estimates given. R.C. Hall, 1235 Mrkt:
MANUFACTURERS' ngem-y wnnted for New
York. C. ¦FLl'HR. 4S Broad St.. New York ;
" ANTED — To buy a steam merry-go-round
'. In Jd order. Address box 45'J, Call office.
BOOKS and libraries bought. II. C. HOLMES,
1149 Market st; phone Jessie 3741.' or postal.
I PAY htghent prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing: send postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154-flth st : tel Jessie 2831.
MONEY TO LOAM.
AXi^nERaujnMURriiT.^
. WH-002-(iO;i Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment
' .¦'.'¦' Save, expenses by dealing directly. ••• ,
Estates, secend mortgages, undivided inter-
ens, -assignments of rents,- property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Sea HERMAN MURPHY.' ¦ '".•:;:
WILL LOAN :
A reafonablo amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Alortgage. on real estate or
Chattels, in, city, town
¦Low rate of interest.
Glvo full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc. ' -
Box 408. Call office.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants. te»mnter». .boarding houses, without
security; caey payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY refpectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market: tel. Main 1«I4. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity: $23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan oh low Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and. precious atones bought
at W.'.J. HnSTHAI/B. 10 Sixth at. .
ALL loans on diamonds and J-welry 2 per cent
mo. , B. F. Colliteral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no. com. - V. ¦ TREMA1N, ': room 81:' « Eddy ' ft:
RSAL ESTATE CITY. — FOR SALR
TO-MORROW. TO-MOHROW.
10 PER CENT DOWN,
10 PER CENT EVERY SIX MONTHS
Until Your Lot is. Paid For.
Buy a lot now on Parnassus Heights, when
you have the opportunity to do so for fuch a
, small amount cash.
ON THURSDAY. JANUARY 21, 1904.
- At Our Salesroom.
23 POST ST..
We Will Sell « Auction
Of) - Residence Lots fronting Golden Gate
Park, comprising these 2 Blocks,
Mi \Ml\ k% °
> r " ¦ ¦ • * • ' >
< » * . »¦ .•*'<
|. ««.i.|H-» j* L
H U d O T*
I i « Jg 8^' * " C
L ' *1 1 D
- «__J^_ T-il_JL_J ; 0
II ¦ «* * * i.
• a » *
¦ 41 • m m
j s T
n j^ '' \ "¦ L 1-
being on H, Hugo and I streets, Fourth and
Fifth aven>fe»; also 10 lots on east line of
Fourth avenue, between Hugo and I streets.
Unprecedented Terms.
For further^partleulars apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post street, or to
Branch office adjoining the property, cor. II
«t. and Seventh ave. Open every day. Includ-
ing Sundays and holidays.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. ¦ 638 Market rt
$39,000 — Magnificent newly improved NE. cor-
ner in the best portion of Western Ad-
dition; rents $72t;o a year; mortgage of
$25,000 can remain.
$25,000— P61k-st. business investment; S-story
' building; almost new; 2 stores and 4
fiats: present rents low at $175 per mo.:
could easily be increased; lot 40 feet
frontage; do not fall to Investigate.
$22,500 — Howard-st. corner near 6th st. ;
ft. frontage: stores ami 4 flats; present
rents very low at $150 per month.
$20,500— Taylor-st. corner; near Oeary st. :
nominal improvements; mortgage $12,C0o
tt ii per cent can remain: this property is
outside the fire limits; frame apartment
i house could be made to pay hand-
somely.
$16.400 — 40 ft. frontage, through to rear stre-t
street; on Leavenworth, near Pine; im-
provements. 3 first-class flats and 11-
room residence; rented at $123 per mo ;
property in this vicinity Is rapidly ad-
vancing; this is positively cheap.
$10,000 — Howard st. near 1st; cheapest piece
In block to be had; 5 transfers made
since January 1 in this one block; abso-
lutely certain to double In value In
.- • short time.
$9,C0O — Flllmore St.. near Grove; residence. 8
• rooms and bath; lot ;59 ft frontage;
could be changed to 2 flats at nominal
cost; lot alone worth money.
$9,000 — Russ St.. near Howard: lot 30 feet
frontage; improvements, - substantial
building containing l'J rooms and baths;
rented as rooming-house at 5110 per mo. ,
$S,25O— Shotwell st.; 2 new flats less than I
year old; 6 rooms and bath each: high
basement; marble steps; tiled pinks: bay-
windows front and rear*, perfect beau-
ties; rents $70 per month.
$S,COO — Rents $030 per year; Clementina st.,
near Cth; store and 2 flats in fine con-
dition; this is a safe investment.
$7.500 — Bona-fide rents $1110 per year: C tene-
ment flats with separate entrances; N.
of Market: building newly painted and
otherwise in first-class condition; brick
foundation, etc.; permanently rented:
must be sold to relieve owner from large
blanket mortgage.
$C,750 — Business corner; I4th et. near Mis-
sion: store and flat above; rents nominal
at $•;<¦" per annum; rear of lot cculd be
Improved with 2 fiats and be made to
pay handsomely.
$3 500 — Mission cottage; Dorland St.. near Do-
lores; Mission warm belt; 5 rooms and
bath; large lot.
$2,250 — Cheap corner lot: SW. corner Eu-
chanan and Lombard sts.; 30x110 feet.
$1.500 — Building lot: commands beautiful
view Ashbury Height*: a sacrifice.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
. ',, ¦':; 6.'58 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK I/DT3.
$500 TO $1200: VERY EASY TERMS.
Why do so many buy our Oceanside lota?
Because no others there compare with them.
They have unobstructed ocean and park view.
• They are on "Official Grade"; ready for
building.
Every lot - 1> a bargain. Ee« them to-day.
Get off cars cor. 47th ave. and II st
$£0 to $250; near rark and ocean; $5 monthly.
"Oceanside" branch office, cor. 49th ave. and
K st Open Sundays and holidays.
$500 to $1000— Unexcelled Sunsst district IoU;
graded and sewered; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on Oth ave.. near H at-
$150 TO $C5O: DON'T MISS THIS.
New lots in the Excelsior Homestead.
Perfectly level; choicest location of all.
Near Mission-st cars. $5 monthly.
$1200 to $3500; modern cottages and houses
In Sunaet. Richmond. Oceanside and Kxcel-
¦lor Homewead. .
ALL BARGAINS: EASY, TERMS.
EOL. GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers.
Room 54. 4th floor. Chronicle bldg.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wr^ck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
etc.. office and yard.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$1000— 8-ROOM houso with lot. 23x100; 33
Francis nt., % blcck from Mission cars.
P. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
LOTS. N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. CUXN. 530 California St.
LATEST system' sanitary plumbing. Phon*
Ahlhac-h tc Mayer, plumbers. S3G Howard st
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HEAL ESTATE Conn try — For Sale.
fl6C0^160 W ACRES: lb"^res~orchardr^iouse^
cellars, corrals, rtenty water year round;
fine pasture; pine and oak wood.
.$2000—21 acres in fruit: house, etc.: M mll^s
from S.' K.; $1000 cash. JOSEPH STKAUB.
630 Market st."
*1O A MONTH buys a 10-acrc farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. COT J st.
* WRIGHT fc KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues tent f me. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. ««
- Market st.
CHEAPEST and best in I America— The Weekly
Call, lti pages, cent to any address In th?
United States cr Canada one year for $1.
r>o*ta«r* paid.
poivr mcimoyn HRAi, kstatjb.
4 LOTS cheap (or cash. H'2$ Bush St.. room
4. third flV.or. • -
WaTEK front lots and bargain*: ' all tracts;
maps, photos, etc BELL, 417 Paxrott bids. .
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
Bl'.RKELEV RBAL ESTATE.
COME early if you want this bargain: Almost
new 5-room cottage: bath, pantry, city water,
stationary tubs; convenient to both ferry
lines, electric cars, stores, school and church:
lot riSxl-l/'; chicken-houses, fenced and crosa
fenced: $1C.*O; $25o cash. bal. $13 monthly.
O. A. Rudolph. Lorin Station; open Sundays.
NEW; cottage; 5 rooms, bath, pantry, folding
doora bay window, electric lights, high ba«<>-
raent. large lot; price. $1750; terms. $130
cash, balance- same as rent; convenient t>
station ant electric cars. O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorlr. Starjon; open Sundays.
BARGAINS — We buy. sell, exchange or build.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
KEAE ESTATE.
$2f*0— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, bath, pantry,
basement- windmill, outhouses; 50x100. JO-
SEPH STOACC, &i0 Mnrket st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BE0ADWAY.
FXRXITCrtE FOR 8ALB.
TO-MORROW the day for tarnbu !n furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st.. cor. store. Oakland.
ROOMS HOC<JCKEEri.\O.
ELLIS, fill— Nicely furnished sunny alcove
room; 2 gunny connecting rooms; gaa stoves.
FOL'RTlf, 223 — Nice housekeeping rooms; alao
sinzle rooms. .
GEART. 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
en suit* or single; housekeeping privilege*;
running water; gaa; reasonabla.
KNICKEKBOCKf:R Apartments. 1J40 Pino st..
near Hyde — Sunny 3-room furnished suites;
- cteam heat: electric lighted; fre* batha;
rates $30 up.
LAP.KIN. 15.57. near Clay— Three handsome
furnished sunny rooms; 2 closets; 2 folding-
beds; «17.
MINNA. 311 — Nice rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
MODEL House. 12O»5 Stockton— Newly furnish^
hskpg.. single rn-.s.. $3-$12: gas. bath, phons.
POLK, 612— $11: bedroom, kitchen; gas etovn,
bath; no children.
SACRAMENTO. 1300—2 furn. housekeeping
rooms, with bath; also small room, aunny.
SUTTER. 2in:o— Furnished bedroom, dining"
room, kltchir.; yard: bath: parlor.
TEHAMA. 217, near Third— 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; yard; rent $12.
TWENTY-SIXTH. .T:t;7— $12; 2 sunny house-
keeping rooms in the Mission warm txlt.
BOOMS_WAjWTEl> — Housefceeplss'.
WANTKD— 2 or 3 rooms, furnished for house-
k»-eping; give rent. Box Mflfc fall. ¦ • ¦ ¦
APAETUrKT HOT7SrS.
EL CARMELO — Beautiful apartment house;
just comcle'ed. 17i:» Washlngtcn St.. near
Van N»-3» ave.: .1. 1, 3 and o rocetj and bath
with each; finished in natural woods; tiled
bafch room?, etc.; genteol residence location:
convenient to car lines; rooms large and
sunny; must be seen to be appreciated. '
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Ccrper Pine «nd Taylor sts. : beautiful n«ir
modern apartments: all sunny cornsr suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma- -
rine view. LYON Ac HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness — Th»
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. U-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $53.
THE Lunprer. -U."> ¦ Hayes, cor. Octavia — Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rai, apartments;
ele*antl\ furnished; electric lights; private
haths: $10 up; refs. ; also doctors' offices.
ST. LOUIS. 1375 Jackson St.— Modern 3-i^i
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnlabed;
marine view.; now open; references.
PS1 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
APABTBESaTTS WAOTTEP.
UNFURNISHED apartment, 2 rms. ami kitch-
en, for husband and wife; rent not over $-i.
P.ox 719. Call ofllce.
WANTED — Acartment-of a or 4 rooms, fur-
nished complete; state price; references.
Box 470. Call.
FURNISHED X-room apartment wanted;
must be reasonable. Box i!t'.O. Call.
ROOMS TO LET — Parn. and t'nfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sta. — N«w
house, new furniture; every room outside:
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this la the only up-to-data hous« la
this vicinity: first-class grill attached, j ;
A— BRUNSWICK Hou^e, 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
23c to $1 per night $1 25 to $3 per week and
light, housekeeping rooms; open all night
ABERDEEN. 836 Sutter — Just opened: hand-
somely fur.: cor. suites: bath; tun all day;
fine view: single rms.: tourists: excL location.
AT "Tfce Almonte." 873 Market «t (or No. t
Fifth st>— Rooms. 23c. 60c. $1, $1 50 nights
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1420 Market <old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY. 4.*7 — Furnished room* large front par-
lor; fireplace; suitable for two gentlemen.
FILLMOP.E. 026. nr. McAllister— Nicely fur-
nished room in fine locafity; car line passes
door; reasonable: bath; gas; phone.
FOLSOM. .'•"-! — Unfur. sunny rms. ; grate, closet,
running water; small ones, from $1 mo. up.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Miwion— Rooms :~*o
to $1 25 night: $1 r.n to $t> wk. : reading-room.
MANHEIM. eS2 Sutt<*r — Sunny front rooms;
strictly first class: transient
MARKET. Itiflsii— One front room to rent;
$1 25 per week; on right sfrle.
O'FARRELL. TJO — Large sunny furnish*!
room: gas: bath; phone: rent reanonabl-*;
references.
ROYAL Houso. 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' p»r-
Icr; rooms per night. 33c to $1 50; week. $3
to $3; month, f 3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Lacuna— A sucay
furnished single room; rent $7.
STElNEIf. 007 — 2 sunny connecting roomi:
man and wife or gentlemen singly; running
water; bath: phone; private family.
SUTTER. 1022 '/i. nr. Hyde— 2 large sunny par-
lors and kitchen or laboratory: gas .grate, etc.
UNITED STATES 123 Eddy, near Market— 40«
roams. 35c to $1 night. $1 73 to $G week; elec- ¦
trie lights < no gas> running water In every
room: elevator, read. -room; free bus: baggag*.
VAN NESS ave., 519 — Etegant front parlors and
adjoining suito for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 4l^Jst. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
33c tr> $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus: baggaget
WOLK House, 202 Sixth — Electric light la
every room: room from 13c to $1 per nigot.
75c to $.-» per week; oiKn atl night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Churca sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions ha* b*ea
opened at 1003 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open cntll 11 p. m.
ROOMS V.M> BOARD.
~ HOTfTL^IlATTON
977 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnish 1 *!
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table. : '
I ELEGANT front sunny alcove room; running
{ water, gae. bath; suitable for 2. with board;
I ' private family; also another room. 1224 Oold-
I en'Oate ave.: phone Ktelner 3628.
BOARl> and rooms in a. private family: home-
like- hnrcc rooking; *lngtr. $30; man and
wife. $'.5 Tox taKi. Call office. -
THE WALLACE, 044 Van Nesn are.. e«r.
C'FarreU »t. ; nt-rn arul hoard. $25 per month;
i ho.use under new management ,
KOOMP ami t>oar'l; everything- neat and clean;
reasonable rates. Box 700. Call office.
LARGE sunny front room. $3 80 per wk. : oth-
ers at $1 per wk. ; board, $3 25. &T0 Hafrfson.
SUTTER. 1HS7 <Cr>stal House) — Elegant rooms;
board optional: respectable: reasonable.
HOTEL ELSMEJtkr~41S SutTer— Sunny rooms;
' excellent tatl?; from $4U: single $23.
NEWPORT. 101S Pin*, near Taylor— Largs sun-
ny kuttea: also single room; excellent table. -
THE NIRA: CIS Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny tultes; aTso •tngle'V. excellent table, t
Stuv.nson mansion. SO? California — Fine rooms;
new chefs: colored service; table specialty.
KSirLOYMEXT WASTED 3IALB.
POSITION wanted by rt!lr.bl e man. with his
uwn hci;), tc <Jo the wcrit In a dairy. < rchaxd
- <t grain rar.ch at a rnnnthiy F.iU-.ry -ind boarj
fcimtclf; caod references. LJ. C. 77 Ninth si.
WANTED— By a mvldlc-speJ man. a position
of ary kind: bandy with toc^-. can t?!:e care
cf boiUr or raa engine, xteam cr gasoline:
. not «:ra;j to work. Uox Call office.
A.N Eat.-t.rn young jnan D*uld like a position
a* private Etfctftctnu ur woil;i::s around
1 .ace; ur.icmauds Lcrsts vhorojgaly. liox
4SKi. Call.
XXK2CER and Contact wan wants oosltlon in
country tho:i; txix-rienett! and b:*i vt rc-c-
"mmcnd^ilcr.8. AdUrcKS 1^5, GclUea West
Hotel.
MArt and wti* c:<-.«!re postUona on r>r!vatt»
place; coed Iicrwn.nn and tardier; wife
good cock. Addnr— l>ox 1<'C, Os.ll. Oakland.
GOO2> paperfaaascr, tir.ur nr.d painter vtifces
position in city or ccuntry; j-'ood at hotel
Wurk. 1>l,x 7^1, Ca'.I orflre.
CSOCK2T c!-rk. t, months' experience. Irishes
•<t<-n.ly T.jtiition tn u retail stcre. 39 Syca-
more avo.
A1'1»T:i:NTIC1: barber, cr.o year's trx-crience.
wishes position. Ad^reu j. J. FABHELL,
2cl3 Sixteenth st.
AN Industrious eclort-J mar wUhes pes-ition as
janitor, i«Tter cr butler: woman u-ill di>
. day's wcrk of ary Iclnd. 1053 Jackson st.
MAN of some *<3ucatipn. 34. stronc. reliable.
•"¦her. in warehouse, hotel cr tiore. lijx
44(j. Call office.
ASSISTANT pardrncr; ivisition war.ted by ex.
It-rieuced rr.jn; private place preferred: Ca-
nadian, age :;i. Box 473. Call office.
CARITiXTHIl wcrk wanted direct 'ri>m ownere;
$3 cr contract: first-clari- work; best of refer-
«ncre. Box 4.:y. Call office.
AN c-!.i centleman des:r<? 6 position as collector
tn doctor' p or ar.v ether office. Box 3S7. Call.
JAPANESE heneet boy want* a position as
KteoMwvj understandr En^liEh Ecir.e; studied
5 jeers in home. T. NAKAMLKA, «IKJ Stock-
tea rt.: tel. Main 00S. ¦ •
JAPANESE, a young, very honest hou?e boy;
his wcrk c-jar-inited to be firkt ola*«: wages
?3 .V.. «:•>¦> Valencia Kt. : tol Church 1215.
JAPANESE rtudent wants to work couple
hours a day. II. S. K.. 1323 Tine St.; tel
Larkin SC1X.
JAPANESE strong man wants position to do
c.KklnK and peneral housework. AKL 131K>U
Ca«ro street, city.
A JAPANESE wants kituation to <1o houre-
¦»ork: has much exoerience. Address K
MASDA. 110 Golden Gate ave.
JAPANESE wants position to wash fitens every
raorr.ir:g. Addrrps JOE. 1Q0C Hyde st
GOOD Cfiint-se cook wishes position in private
family. A-1dro^s HifXG WING. &C2 Clay.
TA.CIKT, atASSAOB.
¦A — 'U'RINKLES rfnortd; fine complexion CTiar-
¦ ntwd; new method: 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
*-urtr.g parlcn. 761 Larkin gt: phone Polk 17.
FEATHER ItEXOVATING.
ET new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Ftathtr
Co.. Van N>&s ave.: tel. Ho-R-ard 31 C7.
1 .»
FIXAXCIAU
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNEU. Lawyer and Fl-
r.ir.c'...l Agent. 32J Emma Eprycke'.s bldg.
FLATS TO I.liT.
A — HOUSES? and flats to let; an immense list-
pe.-.ice absolutely fre»; take advantage of
this department: it will eave you time and
foubie. Conies Furniture Co., 1:15-233, Geary
tt, on the square.
ALL of the most desirable fliit* and houses are
listej in cur rrnlini; department; let us Rive
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tor, you want. STERLING FLTtNITCHE
COMPANY. 1030 Market tt.; services abso-
lutfiy free.
MCALLISTER. X» — Parlor floor: * unfurnished
ru.rr.>: tras. r.ath; ?2'i: adults; call before 15.
»*--¦• FLATS TO Lgr-gCttSKHED.
FOR rr-r-.t -Handsome furrifhed Hat. with pi-
ano/ :t; ,l#Ft residence section cf the city
Ca!i et 2K33 Washington Et.
FOL60M. < 47 — Completely furnished flat of 4
rot-mo; ».unr.y and lieosant: piano, bath
OAK. ::r.4— Flat Z> rooms; a snax>-
• BSATTIFCT. furnished Cat. 4 room« and
'¦.ah. *:.(>. Apply \>H Van N^-be ave.
KLATS rtIK SALE KlUMSHED.
FOR eaie — Lipht tunny flat. 7 rooms, bath;
. rent $:i0: veU furnished; terms reasonable-
near City Hall, on McAllister. Box 464
Call office.
Ft'HX IT! 1115 FOtt 8 AJLE.
Fl'RNITL'RE. 9 rooms; good, clean; Golden
<iatf ave. ; close In. . Box 447. Call office.
ttRMTlttE WA.VTED.
HIGIIFST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H
BLTID, auctioneer.lSlSMkt.; tel. Howard 2758.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44C£
buys, rer.ts. repairs, packs furniture, carpets."
HJ2LF VV A.\TKD-FEMALE.
COOK, country, no wash $,:»j
Cook, no washing (40
4 German cook*, with or without washing....
$.M»-$.'{5
Parlor maids $25-j:;o
3 «*-cond Rirls ?^0-*^S
:; nurse Kirls ?15-*2O-$L'5
tVeorid cook, sanitarium $;^i
Laundrese, orphanage $^5
Wattrr-SK. countt y hotM |25
4 tiiitrtfscp. hotfl an4 restaurant* $2."«-$8
41 bouse Kirls. city and country. f20-$25-$.'{0
Apply to J. F. CUQFETT & CO.'. 334 Sutter.
A WAITRESS p.nd *w»con<J girl. 2 in family,
KT,. a (Wman cook. $:u"i; a urond cook
• yours) jn- an institution, $.'JO; a laundress,
1 in family, 5^0; a nurse for an infant $25 •
a rirl for hotil work. J20; .VI jjrxxl house
wotk sir!* lor city and countrv. $20 to fM
<a!l at MISS PLUNKETT P, I2J Sutler V'
near Powell. N. B.— Office opena 8:30;
cl'wii r>:."0 p. m. fcharp.
A COOK, cnuntrj-. $K) ; cook, institution KMH
4 *.rcnd RirlK. «2r.; house pirl. $:»; 1O house
rlrif. *.«>: wailre-iF. *25; nurw, 1 child. *r:0
mutt have relercnce*: 2 cook*. &.Z, ard $':0
MRS. NORTON. 3U Kuttcr «. *
WAITRESS for ~hot.-l. 12<TT month: house.
k<*p.T, aeM crntkrr.Kn. «'• a «nr>nth. <*AL
F.MP. A«iEN«-Y. 14 Tt.lid st.. nr. rail bids!
A— WANTED — Ctrls to l^arn liairdressin*
mar.icurine. etc.; trad- taueht from A to Z
Jn 2 weeks: $5 to tht-p* entering now: 3 po-
r:u • ¦& to fill Immediately; positions ruar&n*
ffl at $10 i*r wck up; hading school In
Wen. Z£l Gear}' *t. room 13.
A — Girl* to l*arn millinery now for spring «>a-
eon: both *«-a »«« -taught from start to finish
In 1 :nonth for $l!i; position* ns trimmers
•salesladies. rtc_cuarar.:eed nt $10 per wk up-
day and ever.ina: class. 14:; Stockton tt., r. \Z.
A— LADIES to learn all branchea hafrdresslnir
trade, maniiurinjr, mastae?, etc. 12ao Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jciies, room 84] positions secured
at hlfrh'st wacea; day and eve. cla;s; call.
SEWJNG MACHINE OPERATOR? AND RIV-
KTEHF: NO EXPERIENCB A'ECESSARV
PAII> SALARY. LKVI STRAITSS & CO S
rA<HT)RIE>". .'C'4 FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFT^ENTIL
zzmn_^ ' '."*-'¦'¦ * ¦
A tOUKQ rirl for peoend work an-I waiting r> n
t«b!«> in h small family. Call from Vt to 12
_rn. pre Eddy^t.
¦\VANTi"-:ru~A first -rliM waitrrva at 3<»4, llasnn
•it.; v. .- i < :¦ t:> a »wk.
OIRL for housework; soert iwsitlon for right
rart;. 1*22 Mils ft.
GIP.L v.antrd f«r lipht houascwork; fleep hom<».
\f*js Colien Oaf ave.
A GIJtL for gewrai housework. 1O."R Bush yt.
VTASTED — A O-rman cr. girl
f'T r«x;kin«; end goncral lioutew«>rk: wager
fSJ. !CS York st. fxt. 2I« & 22.1. o.T tioant
WANTED— I^n^h vaitrcrs. from 11 to 2. Ap-
piy r.;s Vulrrcis rt-
' VOCNO cirl lo atf-lrt In llfrht housework: ref-
Tfn"«. t'271 <*aliferT)la «t. . . '
• i~.mi. for light hotis^work. M3 Fourth st
LADV tn take oas-h and wait at table. 2r>S
"™ «t. '
YGVJ9Q srlrl for fr.tral bntisework nnd cook-
Init 2210 Central ave; car fare paid.
* ALEN1TD «r2«:»-ur perius users. Apply a:
Ohute# i: ,i. m \V«5 t-^#4h «• : »»1arv r>«» •¦bj^ct
OTCRATORS iir.d marhlno Iianrt* war.ted at M
_jaMJNOFF-!!. ICC8 Market tt.
riHHTCLAHS Mf>nc>eraph« > ra furnished. Mls»
__ M. O. Barrett. inMt-jctor. ?J0H Montgron!«-ry.
A BRANCH offt-e cf The Call for the recep-
tion of advcrtlM-rncnts »nd Mibacrlptlon* has
SS^. op 5 n * <1 •« '«« Market at. opposite
«fta. Op-t. until II b. n. . i
iiki,p \va\tki)-5:ale.
MCRKAY & READY, C3a and C)U Clay st.
Phone Main G8-JS.
L-ndinp; Employment cr.d Lnbor Agents,
lnui we cave I'.tiA we hope to
Uv.000 n:tn work. Increase 0<U>00.
Gardener, Institutions near city, $25 and fd. :
inaiiiinift, near city. &i day; painter a^id
papertmnges, near cit> ; waiter, city hotel.
933 f.nJ :d. ; ua:3irvn-.an, city hotel. |23
OJkI fd.
2 bcllenaakcTi, country shop, $3 SO day.
It*« south.
Shij> daily.
Arizona — Cluse to Prescott
? 'J — Arizona — *'J.
Here's Othcis.
Cook and heluer. country hotel, fare ad-
vanced. S;K* and found; taker's helper, city,
S.iO e.id found.
Far:mr and wife, tasy place ;^see .boss here.
Nursi-ry:nan, near city. $^o and found.
Pruncrs.
13 pruncrs, big orchard, $2G and found. ,
.1 |iruncr«, vineyard: :i prunere, orchard."
MURRAY & READY. <J^4 and U'iC Clay st.
A— WOODCHOPPERS.
Il'K cood; It's bi|j.
v/oodchoppers to cut coriiwcod for big
lumber conjWPjr.
Prices:
Redwood, Soc per cord. . - ; .•'-
Pigweed, £1 i'.> per cord.
Hardmod. SI £0 r»cr cord.
, Good timber. t fine cn;und to work en:
steady mmmw and winter; better to.
Dlz money can be made. ¦
MURRAY ac HEADY. CM and I»J Clay st.
ITALIAN choreman. ?20 and found: Swiss
J'armor r.nd v. i!«\ fCO and found; hotel cook,
country. S.'.O ;.nd found; shop baker, $40 and
found; ar.'i others. J. F. CROSKTT & CO.,
(ii'S Sacramento si.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Waiter, country. $^0; porter, country. $25.
Bl'TLKR, ?45. The Domestic Club. 23a Geary
\ St.. room 'M.
A- L U
« Men to learn the barber trade In two months
end secure good noeitlcns; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
Ccl!.ge. «35 Clay sc
WANTED — Man for private p!<ice to care for
borsea and sardm; no driving or Sunday
¦work; wises moderate: light work. C H
SHERMAN, Santa Barbara.
COMPETENT man to taUe charge of a small
model shop; must understand tempering and
fine tool work; state qualities; references.
Address box 723. Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14.
flfth'Ueor. 3CS Larkin tt.. for free lnfonnaticn
ut to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
WHEN you get throuKh with barber colleges
come to us and tinish your trade; we charge
you nothing. 124 C!ay tt. PROF. DU RING,
instructor.
WHY pay big prices to hr.ve your shoes ha.lt-
toled when you can get it done for 25c. iOc
and 60c while you wait at hKS Mission at..
_b*t. 1st and 2d eta., or 11 Third st
WANTED — Draughtsman familiar with terra
cotta work. GLADDING, McBEAN & CO..
Francisco.
WANTED— Man with $1000 to take position
with local corporation; money secured. Ad-
dress box T2. 1WS Market St.
WANTED— Cash boy. Apply between 9 and
11a.m. at HAM: BROS."
WANTED — Errand boys with references
HOLM & NATHAN, r.12 Market st.
WANTED — Man to drive laundry wagon; must
lia\e $2.V>. French Laundry Co.. S.T72 Mission.
WANTED— A cutter for trimming on cloaks
at M. PIMINOFF'S. 122S Market Ft.
COOK for R. R. camp; $r.O a month. Cal.
Kmp. Agency, 14 Third st. near Call bldg.
WANTED— First-c'.asp expert pfuner for an
orchard. Apply 10 Post et.
WANTED — Cooi*>r to trim; Fteady job. 21
Commercial st.
WANTED— Five barbers to finish trade. Call
to-day. 624 Clay st.
WANTED— A good barber. 143 Larkin st.
BARBERS — 5-rhair shop for sale; first-class
furniture. 137 Sixth pt.
FOR sale — Half-interest in 5c barber .shop. 011
Commercial st.
BARBER shop for sale; good location; no
agent?. 250 Sixth st, near Folyom.
TRY our men's shoes, union mads, at $1 and
II TO per pair, foot -form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic eboes. 13 SO; -best fboes on earth. 11
Tbird Et . Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
EXPERIENCED business men and women de-
siring mercantile position with good com-
pensation are requested to call on the Royal
Mercantile Co.. suite 10. Columbian building.
PIC Market st.. or to 052 Broadway, Oakland!
BAKBERS. take notice!— The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 9 City Hall ave. or 1504 Market St.,
at Journeymen Barbers' Union, Local 148.
JCS. R. BLEILY.
WANTED — Men and women- to- learn tho
barber trade; -waROB paid while learning.
Call or address WESTERN COLLEGE Of
BARBERS.O47 Commercial »t..San Francisco.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder: one who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN VAIL & CO.. 741
Market st. >
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Houae.
* XI 7 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25o to 60c per night
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
fl SO pair; foot- form ehces at $2 50; we pay
txpress or mail charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
100 YOUNG men of 18 years,, with good char-
acter, to organize military organization.
Call at 473 Valencia st, bet. C and 8 p. m.
BARBER shop for sale; runs 4 chairs: steady
central location; would exchange for coun-
try shop If In healthy place. Box 329G, Call.
AN old established four-ciTalr barber shop:
good paying business and good location;
price reasonable. Address box 740, Call.
WANTED — A Hrst-clans carriage blacksmith
at coed waces. Apply to A. MEISTER &
SONS CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis st; 14
years' practice; refercrrres from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
Al AGENTS wanted on new patent: Immedi-
ately. Call from 4 to » p. m., 340 Duncan st
LADY bsrbcr dci-ires position. Address box
721. Call office.-
BOOTBLACK wanted, boy preferred, at Arena
barber shop, 11451 Jefferson St.. Oakland.
KIRST-CLAfc'S saloon porter wanted at 152 East
ft.; call early; wages $H to $12.
CAHREKS — For sale, two-chair phop: well fur-
nished: good business. Box ".'»•;. Call office.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; established
Feven years. Apply 222 Gough gt
WANTED — Men and women to learn the
barber trade; good chance. C27 Clay st
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Bush
Et.. third floor, room 4. / ¦ ¦
£A2I-OK£S and ordinary seamen for deep-water
(bips. Apply DENT'S place. 20 Steuart st
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
Vet — TOO rooms; 85c night: reading rooms;
fr»e 'bus and bapgage to and from ferry.
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A- Bullln. room 40. Phelan
fcldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-band shoes; cheap. 229 3d st
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions rt-celved at
C»U Branch office, cor. Duncan <t Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tho reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1009- Market «t.. opposlt* Fifth.;
Open .until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, 'half
_prlce. SCI Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
CET your shoes half soled wfcile waiting: 25c
to 60c 6G3 Mission «t. bet 1st and 2d mta.
IIOCSKS TO LET. -
A— PP.INTED list ol houses to let; send for clr-
cular. C.H.UMBSEN £ CO.. U Montgomery.
A— HOUSES «rnd flats to let: an Immense tut:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will uvt you Mm* and
trouble. Coriicn Furniture Co.. 24&-2S9 Geary
»t.. on the aquare.
JONKS. 180:> — Sunny modern hous« of 8 rooms;
marine view; rent rcanonahle.
EEFOItn moving (ret our printed list or noun**
«o Ut. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Po«t «t-
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IC pa^cs. sent to any address in the
United State* or Canada one year far $1.
roi'tagp r»i<l •
IXVKSTMK.NTS.
BONDS STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dividend-paying securities for sale.
GEKUAMA INVEST CO.. 827 Market st
HELP AV ANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY!
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY &' RKADY.
MURRAY & READY,
HURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY,
. MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY,
MCRItAY & RKADY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & RF.ADY.
MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY,
HURRAY & READY,
MURRAY- & READY.
IURRAY & READY. fi34 and C36 Clay St.
PHONE MAIN 6S48.
5848 PHONE.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We wish EMPLOYER and EMPLOYE .
J^ , „ - -
PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR.
TO EVERT EMPLOYER OF
WHITE MALE HELP— We can supply you
With white maJe help of all kinds
Free of charge.
No eyndicate too !ar?e. no firm too small
for us to supply: no objection tp distance;
we ship good "help; phone, telegraph, wrlto
or call In rwrsnn and procure your help from
MURRAY & READY.
We gave employment
In 1S97 to upward of 17,000 men.
In 1S1>8 to upward of lfl.OOO men.
In 1S9!» to upward of 21.000 men.
•In WOO to upward of .'W.OOO men.
In 1001 to upward of 37.000 men.
In 1902 to upward of 45.000 men.
IN 1003 TO UPWARD of 00.000 MEN.
Office Open 7 A. M. Daily.
Sunday. S to 12 a. m.
Help wanting wcrk — hundreds of places
awaiting your selection. Come, read our bul-
letin boards. . . ¦-.
"Words are good, but only so when backed
by deeds. ¦' . .'.
TO OUR PATRONS:
, We respectfully wish to call your special
a'ttenticn to the present condition of the labor
Every branch of labor, skilled or unskilled,
is overstocked and will remain so all through
this winter and as the supply and demand
governs all commodities, the same always
governs the labor market.
CAUSE:
No biff contracts are being let. and .none
contemplated: many large industries closed
down or curtailed employment of men; large
'sums of money lying Idle in banks awaiting
future investments: labor is always of better
quality when plentiful, hence better class of
help can now be secured. ' .
We were confronted early last spring,
which continued until a few weeks ago, with
a great scarcity cf good, in fact, any class
of labor, skilled or unskilled.
The great demand for help had a tendency
to make labor stubborn, consequently we
were unable to give our patrons such excel-
lent service as we have In former years.
MURRAY & READY
RETURN THANKS.
We are much indebted to all employers who
-thoroughly understood the labor market nnd
helped us to share somewhat the burden put
upon us.-
GOLD CANNOT BUY HONOR.
The burden was not confined alone to the
labor market. Our entire business was at-
tacked by unscrupulous labor agitators and
demagogues, wh6 demanded that we should
BOt supp'y certain employers with any help.
"What can we offer you." asked these agi-
tator? "financially or otherwise, to discon-
tinue 'purplylng them with help?" Our an-
swer: "Gentlemen, there Is nothing in this
world you or any one else has that would pur-
chase from us the freedom the 'Constitution
of the United States' has given us. We will
forever supply all employers of help with
whatever help they may so desire. Likewise
we will give to all applicants for positions
any position he - is competent to fill. Creed.
religion or politics shall never be mentioned
in our office, and when you get through 1 agi-
tating and return to honest work or go into
business for yourselves, come to us and we
will never discriminate, but will try to make
a man of you. A nun amongst men, for all
are equ^l before God and the law. That's
all, gentlemen. Good day." ' - .
WE BELIEVE IN *
JUSTICE TO ALL.
ALL MEN ARE EQUAL BEFORE GOD
AND THE LAW. NO MAN IS ABOVE THE
LAV/ AND NO MAN IS BEIXVW IT. OBE-
DIENCE TO THE LAW IS DEMANDED AS
A RIGHT, NOT ASKED AS A FAVOR.
Then they placed a boycott on our business,
continued It for four months: but when they
found every employer of help, large and
email, rushed right to us with their orders
for help and stood as solid as the rocks of
Gibraltar, seeing we doubled our business,
employing fourteen clerks, 6ent out C0.O0O
men — yenr 190-'? — they held up their . bands,
took off the foclish boycott and declared that
lh*y could not hurt "Murray & Ready."
WHO ARE TRUE FRIENDS OF LABOR?
Procure not friends in haste, nor break the
ties of friendship needlessly.
EMPLOYERS
YOU WELL REMEMBER
DAY AFTER DAY.
WEEK AFTER WEEK.
MONTH AFTER MONTH.
Many other San Francisco employment
atjent? tried to help th»se labor agitators by
distributing leaflets among the wnrkingmen.
reading as follows: "Notice — We do not sup-
ply any employer, firm or corporation who
has a man strike on him." Advertised same
in all S. F. Papers. Result: They soon found
ninny large and small employers of help had
closeu their business relations with such em-
ployment agent*.
NEVER AGAIN WILL THESE WEAK-
KNEED EMPLOYMENT AGENTS RE-
CEIVE THK PATRONAGE OF ANY KM-
PLOYKR WHO BELIEVES ALL ARE
EQUAL. ALL HAVE A RIGHT TO WORK
FOR A LIVING WITHOUT THE DICTA-
TION OF WALKING DELEGATES AGITA-
TORS OR DEMAGOGUES. ,
IT'S AN ESTABLISHED FACT THAT
No employer of help knew or knows any
moment they ;Will have trouble, as these la-
bor agitators make a business of making
trouble. '•-.':
No, they could not hurt us. because you,
our cuptomors. stood so manfully at our back:
and for such we are ever grateful; hence
this letter of thnnkn.
MURRAY & READY
TESTING* LABOR LAW IN SUPREME
COURT.
We are testing a most ridiculous law
passed by last legislature. Synopsis of same:
Should any employe of a firm, corporation
or of any employer of help striko for. higher
wages or for any other cause, you, or your
»B*nts mUKt toll the next applicant caui<e of
last man leaving you or of his dismissal
Case Is now in Supreme Court. We will
advise you from time to time of eucccss of
same.
Thousands of our customers wish us to
fnd them a full report of our Mr II V
Ready's testimony, two and h -half ' hours'
tirty-five vuRfif. before United R. It of S. F
arbitration' case of U. R. R. versus Street
I'urmcn's Union.
We will isend h copy of report to you. <- O n-
Errssman Llvernash was'attorney for Street
Carmen's Union. He knew more about tho
labor question when he pot through with our
Mr. Ready than If he had studied labor all
his life.
Just as soon as our own printing plant can
turn -out Karan you will receive It
Thanking you for all pant favors and awalt-
Inir a continuance of same very respectfully
yours, , MURRAY & HEADY.
THE STAND WE TOOK IN ALL PAST
YEARS RELATIVE TO EMPLOYER ANll
EMPLOYE WE WILL FOLLOW THIS
YEAR. NO CHANGE. 7^ 1 ". b
MURRAY * READY. . ''.*
MURRAY & READY
MURRAY & RKADY'
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & RRADY
MURRAY & READY'
. MURRAY * READY.. 20/ >*'
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY *. READY.
MURRAY & READY. - -
MURRAY & READY
MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY
MURRAY & READY'
MURRAY & READY
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY ft READY
WRRAY & RKADV-;
MURRAY * i RKADY. ; ' ; - ¦'- -1
MURRAY *: RKADY.
MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY ft READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MUHRAY & READY.
MURRAY * READY
MURRAY & RBAny.
' <-¦' ,-,,-. " . . ;',tv*™^..- "- ; ¦¦ . . . '-' . . />• :'-."-:: ei ' - ¦
Continued on Page Fourteen.
MOMS'* TO r.OA5 Contlnaeit.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10-1 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM SI TO $10,0CO.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dorsc-J notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-40, Chronicle bldg.
TO Ealarled people without security: on furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security.' S. F.
- Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building. V
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission ;ir.stallmcnts accepted.
BONKLLI, 301 Eddy, Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
I lowest rate; easy payments; no commission.
.1170 Market fct., room 68. ¦ -^_
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg., 7CS Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
¦ salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav. Ek.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELI.. 0C0 Examiner building.
MUSICAL. INSTHUMENTS.
ALL~UPRIGHTs! ¦"•~-~~-~ ' -^¦^-^- ~~^
Kimball. fancy walnut ...$30
Collard $37
Stelnway $50
Henry Hertz $7S
Occidental $S2
J. & C. Fischer $89
3 Eraersons. walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, same as new, each $187
Colby, cannot be told from new $235
Chickerlng $187
2 Stelnways. large and small size, al-
most new $195-$325
Heine. $475 style, slightly used $285
And 200 others.
All pianos sold are guaranteed not to be de-
fective. Examine this list. We have never
had such a great variety at so low a price.
Rents, $2 up; installments. $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st. ¦
A FINE lot of bargains In second-hand pianos.
Including such makes as Stelnway, Haines
Bros.. Knabe, B2us, Foster, Weber. Star,
Marshall & Wendell, Sterling and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st: no branches In San Francisco.
THIS week we shall offer some special prices
on stock that we desire to close out before
stock taking; a good stock to select from if
you come soon. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC COMPANY. 760 Market st.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHCAD'S storage. 1636 Market at
NEW pianos sold on- $5 monthly payments.
JOS. BCHMITZ <fc CO.. 16 McAllister St.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; goad as
new; $135. 237 Geary it
$6fi— UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNQ BROS.. 210 McAllister «t
BEAUTIFUL 8-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfe. : order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,285 O'Farrell.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
NICE fine office to let; also fine front desk
room. Call at 419 California st. room 21.
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth.stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133S
Polk st.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric' baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses aa
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 40(1 Geary.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard.- the Bewlng>machlne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. '1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN; lCvyt-ara.;.- experience, cures per-
manently ; mqrpiy.W. -cocaine habit. Call or
address Central-. Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
STRANGER in city, age 3». quiet, would like
to make acquaintance of lady; object matri-
mony. Box 727, Call office.
JIMMY CARROLL'S Academj- of Boxing, and
. General -Physical Training- School Is at' the'
Lurline Baths. .... ; .' -. ' ¦
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo. ; ladies' euits made
• to order; first-class vflork: $10; with material
/ furnished $2» tip. At M. WILSON. 380 Oeary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
¦ eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1S30 Polk st; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 007 Mar-
ket st..' room 203; phone South 751.
AT \eS3 than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
.- day evgs.. Teutonla Hall, Howard st. near
Oth; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
WHITE — Write at once. Don't ' doubt me.
BLACK. K
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 3G3 Sut-
ter. r. C09. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson. 139 Post.
Bon Marche Pants Co. ; special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms .14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress panis"$2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 ; at all druggists'.'
PAL3II5TIVY. / "
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist; palm readings $1: 3 questions by ex-
press. $1 : open Tuesday e\-e. also. 1U9 Post st
MME. NEEROARD. located at 242 Post: hours
1 to 5 daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 613
Tavfor st. near Geary. Phnne Plack 561.
PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered, $t up: tinting-, palntlnjf.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 Third: tel. Main 4M.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. a C. O 7 D^NNl:LL^fn^rinT7es1idenc*T
1021 % Market st. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to. diseases . of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073V& Market st . .
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C67 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CH Y, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by uko of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has -returned from Orient
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs^ 74(5-8 Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE secretary of the St. Francis Girls' Di-
rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notice
that thn following orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned boys and girls have been admitted
• to the asylum, at Central avenue and Waller
street from July . 1, 11)03, to January 1, 1004;
Hazel Kane. 0 yrs; Cldlrc Kane, 2 yrs; Hazel
Rocho. 10 yrs; Margaret Roche. 13 yrs: Lll-
lle Ivers, 7 yrs; Edna Ivers. 6 yrs; Joseph
Smid. 4 yrs; Ella Creque. (Tyrs 4 inos; Ger-
tie Robinson. 1 yr 11 moi; Edward Tansey,
7 yrs: Joseph Namuel. 5 yrs; Olander d»
Frcsel. 0 yrs; Hannah Murphy. 8 yrs; Patrick
Murphy. 4 yrs; Timothy Murphy. 3 yrs; An-
nie Farren. 10 ym: Manuel Silvera, 5 yrs 4
mos; Andrew Vamey. 5 yra;- Noble Varney.
4 yrs; Francis MtCarthr, 8 yrs: Elsie Mc-
. Carthy. C yrs; Irvln McCarthy. 4 yrs; Eve-
•; lyn McCarthy. 13 yrs; Allan McCarthy, 12
yrs; Paul . Papeera. 3 yrs; Peril Papeera;. 2
yrs;- Francis Horn beck. 12 yrs; Georze Bo-
han. 0 yrs; Frank Cacace. 4 yrs; Annl«
O'Connor. 10 yrs; Ruth . Courtland, 11 yrs,
Daisy Sargent. 5 yrs 0 :nos; Harry Holver-
son.-7 yrs; Mary Matthews, 8 yrs; Rosa Mat-
thews 5 yrs; Frank Matthews, 2 yr« V mos:
¦ Joseph Waters. 0 yrs 0 mos; Thomas Waters
4 yrs 5 mos; Ruth Smith.. 10 yrs; Mary Mag-
gio. 10 yrs: Raphael Magglo. 8 yrs; Louisa
• -Koenlg. l> yrs: John Reardon. 6, yrs: Eddie
Keardon. 4 yra: Mabel Adams. 8 yrs; Oeorgr
Adams. 0 yrs; Frank Adams, 5 yrs: Harold
Ppregue, 10 yrs; Lesley Spreeue. 8 yra; Marin
Drendand, 0 yrs; Victor Drendand, 3 yrs;
Loney Wolf. 2 ym 6 mos; Stella Panla. 10
yr» C mos: Dorothy Roe, 12 yrs: Mary Clark.
10 yrs; Agnes Clark. .9 yrs :t mos; Annie
Clark. 7 yrs; Catherine Clark. « yrs; Frank
Ivers, 4 yra; Mndellne Clark. 3 yrs; Ddvid
Mitchell. 8 -yrs 4 moe; Rose Mitchell. 0 yr»
11 mos: Catherine Coyle. 8 yrs: Dan Coyle.-
'¦ M yrs; Francis Coyle, ,6 yrs; Hannah Coyle.'
2 yrs: Francis Everdinc, 5 yrs; Thomas
KverdinB. 2 yrs: Mary Schluch. 10 yrs:
George Voslne. 3 yn; Leo Goethals, 7;yr*;
Herbert Kalrles. S yrs; Rose Kalrles, 6, yrs;
Isabella Bedella. 7 yrs: Ellen Ante, 11 -yr*:
George Tracy, fi yrs: George Hunter. 7 yrs 6
" mos: ¦ Henry Foster. 8 yrs: Eva Narvls. t
' yrs: Josephine Narvls, 5 yrs: Ira Malnburg,
s yrs: Leonard Malnburg, 7 yrs; Mary Caro-
line Nowlan, - 0 yrs 11 mos.Stock and Bond Exchange.
TUESDAY. Jan. 19—2 p. m.
- UNITED STATES BONDS.
Rld.Ask.I _ Bid. Ask.
•is qr coup..l07'i — |4s qr cp newl33> / 4134Vi
¦Is qr refr...l07y»10.SVil3s qr coup.. — 1C8H
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 03..11fi'i —
Bo*' C PC . F »s. 102 102^4 Do 5s 109 —
Cal C G 5s. — 107 D o con Ca.IOlUlOS
Cal C & K K Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct Ssl — 10* Om Cable fte.120 124
Cal-st 5«....>|14 . — Pac G Im 4s. — OS
C C Wat 5s. — 104 F K Ry 5s..l04«%105U
Kd L. & P «M20 — P & C H (ts.ia:'-. —
F & C H 6s. — 117 P & O R 68.117 —
Geary-st Tis.. 4,%»i 00 Powell-st 68.11SU —
H CAS 5M-S.1C4 — SE G&R 5«. — tOt
H C & S r.s. — ICO KF & S.TV38. — 119
.Hon R T r>s.l00 — Sierra R 8s. —
L. A Klec Cs. — — S P of A 6s
I, A Ry oS..tl4VkU5',J <1»O9) I04TilC5t:
L. A t, Co <•». — — <1910) lCfi'i
Do "td 6m. — — S P of C 6s
Do jrtd .Is. — 104»i nfK»)Sr A.ia-»TilO4«i
LAP lcm"is.lO2U — (1!V)5)Sr B.I04S: _™
Mkt-st c cs.nr. 117 dm*) ....iosCiVw
. Do lctn 5s.114«» — • (IBI2) 11R*«I1SU
N'RR of C&OCV.'.ICV:. SPC lrch. — _'*
Do ."s 11"% — ! Do . stmpd.108'4
X P C U •'•». — 1O5«4 S P B R H% t:C5U
x/e-R o?.. — its s v w cs.ioei.i _
N C P O-r.s. — ICO Po 4s. 2dm. Oftiiico
X S H R 5s. — lOOUl lH> {p .T<lm OOU __
O O L H 5s.lO7?s — jStlm C5-E 6s — 10"
O \V gtd 5s. — 10<) In g & E 5s — -I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 40 *41 (Port Coata.. —
Marin Co... — 65 IR.V W Co.. 40 41
GAS AND KLKCTRIC.
Cent I. & P. 3*i 4ti|s F O & r.. 5S71 69
Mutual K L. 7 » Stkn O & E. 3 __
Pac L Co. . 52 53 U G & E.. -_ 39
fcac E G &. R — — I "**
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F O & E. — .— I
INSURANCE.
Flrcni's Fnd. — ."»0 |
BANK STOCKS.
AmNtl Bk. — 130 I. P & A.'..' 170
Anslo-Cal .. fO'.i 92 M»r Trust... — »a Q
Bank of Cal.442 — Merch Ex... — *__ -
fal Safe Dp.l47}J — S F NatlonI — _
First NatlonI — —
SAVINGS BANKS-
Oer S & L. — 23C0 Sav & L So 03 _\
Hum S fc L. — Sec Sav Bk. — 45O
Mutual Bar. 100 — Union T Co. .
S F Sav U.62O «?50
• • STREET. RAILROADS.
California ..107^203 (Presidio .... SO 1 ! —
Geary — 80 | ,
POWDER.
Giant 60^ 62»-it Vigorlt — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 05c Ktlauea S C — a
Hawaiian C. 43»,S 45 Makaweli C. 20'i 22
Honokaa S O 12 12H Unomea S C. .•>»
Hutch a F C 8?i s;a Paaubau S C — 14
VTo Registrar Adams— Finding it
impossible with self-respect to "con
tinue longer in the service. of a depart
ment wherein its employes are treated
with discourtesy and disrespect,, I
hereby resign as Deputy Registrar of
Voters. -;'vH. GUTSTADT JR."
Commissioner Voorsanger made a
plea for Gutstadt, saying he had been
connected with the X>epartment of
Elections for four years and that no
man in the department had been more
faithful or had a better character thah
Gutstadt. Vborsanger contended that
the slight variance between Registrar
Adams and Gutstadt would develop
into a "tempest in a teapot" ; that
Gutstadt had resigned under, compul
sion and that, he opposed accepting
the resignation.
Judge Slack said Gutstadt would
prefer to have his resignation ac
cepted,' because' if" he- were^suspended
and: then restored to office after a
hearing - his . position would be made
unbearable to him. (
Gutstadt's offense consisted of de
cliningt'o measure the heights of ap
plicants for registration and accepting
their, sworn statement of their heights.
Rather than be suspended by the
Election Commission for alleged in
subordination to Registrar Adams,
Deputy Registrar Herman Gutstadt
resigned from his position yesterday,
the resignation being: accepted . at a
special meeting of the commission.
Registrar Adams filed a written rec
ommendation that Gutstadt be sus
pended during trial by the Board of
Civil Service Commissioners. His rea
sons were Gutstadt's alleged failure to
perform work assigned to him untl In
forming Adams, his superior officer,
that he would no longer work under
him.
Gutstadt's resignation was as fol
lows:
Iiisuljordiiisilion.
to Being Sttspciiclctl foi*-* Alleged
Herman Gutstadt Prefers That Course
D15PUTY REGISTRAR *
RESIGNS HIS POSITION*
The annual statement of the Alaska Packers'
Association for 1003 shows profits of $1,142,238.
of which $576.00 was paid in twelve dividend-
Cf $1 per siiare eacli. The canneries operated
were 2;5. sind th* output was J, 334,824 cases.
Tii-' principal as.v^s of the association are $4.
r&S.'JUT in cannerjes and fishing stations. $1.
120.000 in floating property. $2,440,000 In inven
tories and SI. 4S1.17O in bills receivable. At the
annual meeting yesterday the following dlrect
crs and officers were elected: Henry F. Fort
fiiann, president: Charles Hirsch and D. Drys
dale vice presidents; C. YV. Dorr, secretary:
Wells-Fargu & Co. Rank, treasurer: V>\ B.
Bradford. E. R. Pon*U. G. Nelbaum. Isaac
Llebes, George W. Hume. Francis Cutting.
The statement for the eleven years from 1S93
to 190::. Inclusive, shows profits of $$.409,040.
or which $5,128,5*7 was paid In dividends.
During this period o;«37.33O cases were packed.
At tlie Home Oil Company's regular annual
meetlns tin the 18th the old board of directors
was re-elected to serve for the ensuing year,
the organization being as follows: J. 11. Mal
lett" Jr., president: F. P. Cuttlns, vice presi
dent; J. C. Augsbury. A. D. King. Henry Ro
senfeld. R.-T. Staley was re-elected secretary.
At the annual meeting of the Oil City Petro
leum stockholders in Fresno. January 4, T. G.
Hart, A. Hall. L. L. Cory. K. II. Helm and J.
C. Pottle were elected directm".
was declared, payable January 25, amounting
to ?90O.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
OCEAN STEAMER.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Kaiser
¦Wllhelm II, from Bremen, Southampton and
Cherbourg.
ABERDEEN — Sailed Jan 19 — Tub Daunt
less, for San Francisco, with new stmr Jamea
S Higgins in tow.
Tuesday. January 19.
Stmr Empire, Macrenn, 56 hours from Coos
Bay.
Br bark Iredale. Pearce, 56 days from Junln.
OUTSIDE, BOUND IN, 12 MIDNIGHT.
A bark.
DOMESTIC PORT.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The stationary engineers are about
to draft a bill which will be presented
to the next Legislature for a general
State law governing their trade.
The executive committee of the
State Federation of Labor has dele
gated Organizers Wheeler, Gray and
Brown to proceed into sections of the
State where their services are needed
in organizing working people into the
several bodies to which their calling
belongs.
The sum of $200 was subscribed by
the Varnishers' and Polishers' Union
toward the striking miners in Colora
do. Preparations are being made to
give a rousing welcome to President
K. J. Lynch of the International Metal
Polishers', Platers' and Brass Work
ers' Union when he arrives here in the
course of a few days. ,
The proposition to reduce the wages
of the shingle workers of this coast
ot a 10 per cent ratio is being met by
the International Shingle Workers'
Union, which has. just closed its ses
sion in Tacoma.
Peace reigns between the employes
of the Illinois-Pacific Glass Works
and their employers. What the em
ployes contended for, namely, a tem
porary breathing spell of fifteen min
utes from the hot furnaces, has been
granted, with the proviso that the
men take turns about, so as not to
stop work.
Judge Sloss has decided that the
boycott which has been placed against
the Novelty Theater by the Actors'
Union is not contrary to law. The v
decision goes on to say that so long
as no violence is done boycotting is
not an offense.
State Federation of IJabor Sends Men
Into Interior for Good
of Cause.
Miss C. L. Brown of 831 Xorth Mar
shall street, Philadelphia, has asked
information of Sheriff "Curtis regard
ing the whereabouts of John Toomey,
a rigger, who left Philadelphia in
189S. Toomey is said to have come to
California, but nothing has been heard
of him since that year.
Wants to Find John Toomey.
DELEGATES ORGANIZERS
TO FORM NEW UNIONS
Sixty-six applicants for the police
men's civil service examination who
failed to present themselves^for the
medical examination therefor will be
given another chance to qualify on
Friday night. In all 278 applicants
have passed the medical examination,
but will be subjected to the eye and
ear test before being allowed to take
the written examination at the end of
this month.
Will Be Given Another Chance.
William Ede Coronany (owners). with Joshua
Htndy Machine Works (contra ctor«>) with
Drendell Switchboard Company (sub-contract
ors), architect —f- A stage, switchboard for
Majestic Theater; $3850.
. Peter Peterson , (owner) with W. O. . Peter
non-(contractor), architect AH.work for a
two-ptorj- frame building, (store and flats) on
SE '-orner of iTwentle.th arid Eureka streets ' 25
en Twentieth and Oti:e on Eureka: SCOCO. —
John O. McAullffe (owner) with Evans H."
McCrrady (contractor), architect E. W. -Hyde —
All work for a two-story and basement frame
building (Hats) on "VV line of Bryanf- street. 125
S of Eighteenth. S 25 by W |00; $.1500.
L'nited Realty Company (owners) •= with J.
Looney (contractor), architects '. Hemenway &
Miller— Plumblns for building on NE corner
of Third and Sherwood streets, N 25 by E 77:6
$37S0. . . ¦>::.¦>.
¦> O. W. Fischer (owner) with William * Bell
(contractor*. . architect Charles HV: Skldmore—
All work far a one-story, attic and baeement
fraine bulldlny on, E line of Sanchez street 57
N of Twenty-first. N 57- by E 105, . m. B. 91 •
S2<!«.0. ' . . ¦.-..¦¦¦ i •¦>-• .:"'::-.¦
Building: Contracts.
George and Kate Ryan to Edward Staff, lot
rommenclng Rt dividing line of lots 218 and
113. PrecltH Valley, distant 205 SE of Precita
avenue and 125 SW of\ Ryan avenue. SE 2T.
by NE 40. lot 1. GeorgA Ryan subdivisions of
Precita Valley, 21!) to 223; ?10.
S. Ducas Company (corporation* to O»oree
Ryan, lot on SE line of Peralta etreet. 28:<>=i
SW of Butler. SW 28:6^. S 77:9 1 %. B 24:6.-N
92:5%. lots 14 to 16, ; block 2. George Ryan
subdivision of Franconla: also lnt on NE
line of Tomasa r.treet. 2fi:J) NW of Butler avc
nuo. NW 2S:9, N 85:0%. E 25, S 09:2«i. lota
'J to 11. same: ?10. •-. .
Charles K. Welch to Olive O. Mlehelsen
(wife John If.), lot on . W corner of China ave
nue, and Moscow street. SW 150 by- NW 100.
bloek- 72, Kxrelslor Homestead; $10.
Flora A. Bland to Emma M. Blomqulst. lot
on E line of Park Hill avenue. 77:7^ S of
BuMia Vista street. 8 25 by E 115, Jot 5, block
B, Park Hill No. 1 : $10, .
Sunnyvale Homestead Association to Henry
Chester, lot 7. block 27, Sunnyvale Homestead
Association; SS60. . ,v
Alma K. Battling to Mrs. Ada Levlck. lot
on W line of Seventeenth avenue, 150 S of II
street. S 25 by W 120: $10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Catherine Fran
c'schinl. lot on 15 line of Ninth avenue. 150 N
of I street. N 25 by. E 120; SIX).
' Solomon and Dora Getz to Abhle L. Pa
triarchc, lot on W line of Forty-seventh ave
nue. 225 S ot I street. S 50 by W 120: $10. .
Orvllle D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Bern
hard Getz. lot on E Uns of Forty-eighth ave
nue. 150 S of K street. S 325 by E 120: $10. |
Aylctt It. Cotton (trustee of I^uclus E. Rtilkc
ley). lot on S line of H street, 30 E of Twenty-
Rlxlh avenue, E :(0, S 1S(5:7. NW r GO:();4, N
25:11. E 30. N 150: quitclaim deed: $L
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Moses
Fisher, lot en W Hn* of First avenue, 200 N
of C street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
John T. and Julia M. McGhee to M. A.
Gun«t. lot on E line of Twenty-fifth avenue,
150 S of Point Loboa avenue, S 75 by E 120;
Fernando and Julia A. XeJson to Ernest V.
Chevenlch, lot on E line of Second avenue,- 225
N of B street. N 2.1 by E 120; ?10.
City and County of Han Francisco to John
Ryan, lot commencing S7:« E of Illinois street
and 18r> N of Twenty-seciinrl, SW 56:4 2-3. W
to point 48:9 E of . NE to beginning: S10.
William A. and Grace O. l^nce to William
E. Smith, lot on W line of Sixth avenue, 475
N cf Lake street. N .'"I by W 120: SIO.
George K. and Katherlne SmalJ to 7x>utsa
I... C. Haberllng. lot on W line of Sixth ave
nue, SS:S N of California street, N 25 by W
120: <;t0.
Thomas A. Keogh (trustee Robert !>. Crooks
under estate of Sumii Crooks) to Amandn C.
Crooks (wife of J. J.> and Margaret J. Morf
few. undivided three-fifteenths of the follow
ing: Lot on SR'llne of Stevenson street, 57:6
XR of Third. XK p n. BE «O. SW — , SW 27:6.
NW 38. SW 4. NW 31; SW 21 :% NW ti9:
also lot on SK line of Stevenson street, 117:0
NE of Third, NE «0, SE «9, 8W 20, SE 6'J,
SW 47: . NB 7. NW 60; $10.
J»rob Stahleeker to George H. Bleuher. lot
on NW lir.e of Harrison street, 350 SW of
Fourth. SW 25 by NW M; $10.
FHIanio am] Maria G. Romano to Felice
Di Felippo. lot on W line of Salmon etreet,
77:6 N of Pacific. N 20 by W GO; $10.
Sophronla I. Tnibody to Jacob Nurok, alias
Johnson, lot on S line of Bush street IG7*6
E of Larkin. K 25 by S 137 :«; $10.
I'eter and Catherine faratleld to Phlna Kahn
(wife cf Aaron), lot on NW line of Tehama
street 455 SW of First. SW 25 by NW
SO: $10.
Edgar R. an Betty T. Bryant William and
Kate F. Boerlcke. George H. and Susan C.
Palmer James W. and Florence N. Ward to
same, lot on NE corner of California and
Maple street*. N 132:6 by E 110: $10.
George E. and Lizzie J. Hunt to Nels M.
Pearson, lot on N line of Twenty -second street
50:10 \V of Church. W 25 by N 114; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Charles
Aon Der Kuhlen. lot on E line ot York street,
1C0 S of Twenty-second. S 25 by E 100: $ .
Owen and Elizabeth Casey to Alexander
Davidson, lot on S line of Alvarado street,
203:7 W of Sanchejs. W 26:10 by S 114; $10.
Frederick C. Slebe (trustee for Gesche M.
and William F. Duveneck) to Mra. William
F. Duveneck (1-3). William, Charles and Ethel
Duveneck (20 each), lot on N line of Eight
eenth street. 103:4 W of Eureka. W 25:10 by
N 75; also lot on W line of Alemany street,
217:3% N of Seventeenth N 13:0',i W 74-O»4
R 13:0t£. S 74:0-i: also lot on, 3 line of
Seventeenth street. 25 E of Eureka, E 75 by
S 75. quitclaim deed; $ . '#
Walter W. Fulmer to Julie C. Fulmer. lot
on E line of Eureka street. 247 :G N of Twen
ty-first. N 25 by E 125; gift.
Alva ami Dora Aaron et als. (by P. P. M!d
dlcton. ref»ree> to Henry Rich, block bounded
by N line cf Hayes street. E line of Clayton, S
line of Fell and W line of Cole; $105,000.
City Land Company to Roscoe L. Jennings,
lot on N line of California street. 215 W of
Spruce. W 60 by N 182:7ft: $10.
Roscoe L. and Susie R. Jennings to Hahne
niann Medical College of the Pacific. lot on N
lino of California street. 215 W of Spruce. W
to by N 132:7)&; $10.
Same to same, lot on N line of California
street. 110 E of Maple, E 27:6 by N 132:7'*;
Ifador and Bertha Llpman to Joseph B.
Cooke, lot on S line of California street, 114:0
W of Larkfn, W 23 by S 80:6; $10.
Gwynne P. Harrison and Mary C. Bevan
(wife of A. B.) to John and Annie M. Forbes,
iot on S line of Greenwich street. 133:4 E of
Franklin. E 3.1:4 by S 137:6; $10.
Dora M. Seltz and Frieda A. Seitz (Meyer)
to Eleanor F. Hofmann, lot on S line of Pine
street. 02:6 E of Webster. E 25 by S 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Fritz
and Josephine Goerl. lot on W line of Fillmore
street. 30 N of Lombard, N 60 by \V 110: $ .
William J. McKillop to Mary A. Crichton
(wife of Peter), lot on W line of Masonic ave
nue. 100 N of Haiglit street, N 75, W 110:3.
S 2.\ \V 15, S 50. E 131:3: $10.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 19.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
California Slock and OilExchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma ••••
Apollo ••••
Associated Trust Cert 17 . •-•
Aztec 82>4
California Standard ••••
Caribou 1 30 ....
Central Point Con ••••
Chicago Crude ••••
Claremom 4 * . 3*
Esperanza ISO ....
Fulton •••• ? 8O
Giant •.••«
Hanford ,. •• ••••
Home Hit) 110
Imperial •• ••••
Independence 13 JJ
Junction . '•'
Kern » <*» •
Kern River 12 no
Uon 01
Monarch of Arizona 40 ....
Monto Cristo 73 «>
Occidental of W Va.. 1*
OH City Petroleum 27 ....
Peerless ••••
'Pittsburg ••••
Reed Crude * 5O ....
S F & McKlttrick •••• '
San Joaquin O & D ••••
Senator «5 ••••
Sovereign 37 40
Sterling 3 5° ••••
Superior •••• ••••
Thirty-three •••- •*¦•
Toltec 19 • 2O
Twenty-eight *W 5 0O
West Shore •«••
MlsoHuneous—
Abby Lend & Improvement.. 1 S3 •••«
Alameda Sugar •••« ¦
American Biscuit .•••
American District Tel ••••
Cal Gas & Electric Corp «•••
California Cot»on Mills ••••
California Jockey Club ••••
California Shipping Co ••••
Cal Title Ins Jk Trust ....
Central Bank of Oakland ••••
Chutes Company ..;-
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 U3 * "S
Fischer's Theater 2 25
Gas Consumers' Association ••••
Honolulu Sutra r 11 10
Northern Cal P<w*t S 23 9 0O
North Shore Railroad ••••
Orpheum Company 16 CO
Pacific States Tel & Tel ....
Paraf fine Paint 35 ©<> ....
San Francisco Drydock ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 5'> .... ¦
Satisalitn Land & Ferry ....
Sperry Flmir Company ....
Standard Electric
Tesla Cool Co 25 O 30 CO
Truckee Electric .... ....
Union Susrar •••-
United Gaa & Electric ....
i Morning Session.
i 200 Horn* 1 in
20 Kern Oil 4 3O
Afternoon Session.
¦ ICO Sovereign 33
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the .-airs on the San Fraa
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alpha «» 100 Ophir 71.4 CO
?00 Andes 34 2C0 Potosi 22
600 Andes ¦'•"•> 300 Potosi 21
200 Belcher 32 600 Potosi 2i>
700 Chollar 2t 100 Savage 4ft
150 Con C & Va.l 50 4GO Savage 4r»
lOOCon NY 10 40O Seg Belcher.. 0»
100O Crown Point. 2ft SCO Sierra Nev . . • •;
SOW Gould & Cur. 37 5O Sierra Nev . . C3
100 Justice 12 SCO Union Con .. St>
900 Mexican 1 50 800 Union Con .. 7»
SOO Mexican 145 5OO Utah 15
20rt Ophlr 3 90 1400 Yellow Jacket 40
300 Ophir 3 05
Afternoon Session.
15CO Andes 33 40O Occidental ... 7f»
100 Best & Belch. 1 90 000 Ophir 4 5rt
Vi) Caledonia ... 3S ICO Ophir ........4 55
200 Ohallense Con 25 ICO Savage 54
S0O Chollar 23 200 Savage* 55
200 Chollar 24 2*X> Savage R«
700 Con C & Va.l 70 50") Sierra Nev .. «to
1600 Exchequer ... 20 2OO Sierra Nev .. 7r»
COO Gould & Cur. 39 4f*> Silver Hill .. «T»
2OO Hale &. Norc. «5 7CO Union Con .. M
I 200 Mexican 170 200 Utah 1*
r 700 Mexican 1 73
; fACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales an th» Pad .la
: Stock exchange yesterday:
, Moraine Session.
200 Alpha. Con .. 12! ICO Mexican 1 79
110O Andes 33! 400 Mexican 1 8.1
1400 Andes 34 200 Mexican 1 «0
200 Andes 33) 200 Mexican 1 M
100 Belcher 33 100 Mexican ..1 37ti
100 Belcher 35 100 Mexican ..1 72U
100 Best & Belch.l 85 ICO Ophir S On
10O Challenge Conl 75 1 100 Ophlr 4 SO
SOO Chollar ¦ 24 ioo Ophtr 4 H5
snft Chollar 23 j 2nr> Ophlr 4 OS
200 Con C & Va.1 65 1 10O Ophir ......... 4 CO
400 Con C A V.I 62»4 200 Overman .... 24
300 Con C ft Va.l «0 ICO Potosi Tt
100 Con C & V.I 52».i | r.00 Savage 50
700 Con C * Va.l r.Oj 300 Sierra Ney .. «7
300 Con C A Va.l 55 400 Sierra Nev .. 65
10O Confidence ...1 1O 2<*> Sierra Nev .. fM
ino Crown Point. 25 10O Sierra Nev .. «S
6Oti Gould tc Cur. 3* 4OO Union Con .. SH»
100 Gould & Cur. 37 20O Union Con .. S-t
200 Hale & Norc. «5 WO Union Con .. K1
200 Justice .' 12 100 Utah 15
100 Mexican 190 500 Utah 14
JOO Mexican 1 S5 100 Tellow Jacket 4*
100 Mexican 1 SO 200 Tellow Jacket 42
"Afternoon Session.
50O Andes 32 COO Occidental ... 75
40O Andes XI 20© Ophir ........4 2rt
SOO Andes 34 100 Ophlr ........4 25
60O Chollar 25 IOO Ophlr 4 SO
300 Con C & V.I 62H 650 Ophir 4 50
COO Con C & Va.l 65 COO Ophlr 4 7«>
4C0 Con C & Va.l fio ico Ophir 4 K2v t
200 Crown Point. 26 200 Ophlr 445
300 Gould & Cur. 40 2*50 Belcher 10
MM) Hale Jt Norc. f3 SOO Union Con .. 85
ICO Mexican .t 70[ 200 Utah .... 15
4OO Mexican 1 75 100 Tellow. Jacket 4O
2CO Occidental ... 701 300 Tellow Jacket 13
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the «a! M on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
_ Mcrninc Sensian.
500O Esperanza ... 01 SOO Ton rMmont. 65
20O Evelyn 25 2OO Ton Midway. 40
20O Mont Ton..l 27»i 40O Ton Midway. It
SOO Mont Ton ..1 25 2CO Ton of Nev. 5 SO
; 4<";0 Rescu- 500 Ton N Star.. :vt
; 300 Ton Kelmont. fw;250O Ton N Star.. 55
ICO Ton Belmont. 67!
Afternoon Session.
2C0O Esperanxa. ... Oil 1«O Paymaster ... «>
fiOO Evelyn 2-M !<»> Paymaster ... 0*
10<> MarNatnara . 10 *no Ton Belmont. »;!>
2CO Mont Ton -.1 25 10«> Ton Rfltnont 6S
Sort Mont Ton ..1 :iOJ IOO Ton Midway «r>
5fO Mont Ton..l 27';! SCO Ton N Star.] St
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Jan. l»_t p . n ,
Bid. Ask. 1 Ej . ...
Alpha <» » ! Justice 12 ft
Alta I* lSIKentuck t-j „_-
Andes 3U :~" K»y»; Grars. t ti
Belcher «t 33 [Lady Wash.* — !»
Beat & Belch.l SO 1 OOjMenlcan 1 re t -,i
Bullion rs 10 j Occidental .. £. A-
Caleiionla ... 07 OOjOphlr 4 ••<) I -!i
. rhalleneo Con 24 2<5; Overman - «-
r Chollar 2* 2« : > > otosl XT, Xl
I Confidence ...1 C5 1 IS'Sava** * Jj ;*
j Con C & Va.l l» i «!Scorp!on .. ft* 1^
j Con imperial. 03 04 Se K B*lrh*r * ©a ti
1 Con N T .... — «» Sierra N*v i? il
Crown I'olnt. 25 2« Silver mil ' *•• ,•-
East Sierra N 05 — ,8t Louis'. •*.'¦_! ~',
Eureka Con.. — 50*Syn<llca!e ' n< ?J
Exchequer ... 2» 21't'nlon Con"' «L- «-
Gould & Cur. 38 40 Utah .. • "' V-.' ,4
Hale & Norc. O4 05 'Yellow Jacket £» it
Julia OG 07i "' 4l
TONOPAH MINE3
Bld.A»k. | * .,,. % .
Colehan — 17 N T Ton • if" .3
K«r*ranra ... — «2|Paymast-r '." CS 10
Gold Anchor. — ?•>! Rescue <n nvi
Hannapah ... — SA Tng Cal — ••-
Ilannmpah Mu — 25|Ton «r Nev!$ PO —
Mont Ton 1 M 1 Soi^ted S - £
Harry Bowers denied that he had
ever had a white powder in paper while
in his brother's house, as testified to by
the defendant, and others were re
called on unimportant points. '
Dr. L. D. Bacigalupi, autopsy sur
geon, testified that he hau obse.ved no
sign of tuberculosis or abscesses while
making the autopsy on Martin Bowers'
body. Neither did he notic any sign
that Bowers had been suffering from
chronic alcoholism.
The greater part of yesterday was
occupied in the cross-examination of
Drs. C. G. Kuhlman and John I. Ste
phen, who testified for the defense on
Monday, and the examination and
cross-examination of Dr. S. I. Harrison,
another witness for the defense. It
was shown that there were contradic
tory authorities as to the effect of ar
senical poison on the kidneys and also
as to the quantity of the poison to be
given for medicinal purposes.
In rebuttal a number of witnesses
who knew Martin L. Bow rs for years
were called a.»d testified that he was
not a drinking man, but they, admitted
that their knowledge of him only cov
ered the time he was at work. One
witness testified that he had only seen
him take one drink in the* *"!teen years
he had known him.
The trial of Mrs. Martha E. Bowers
before a jury in Judge Cook's court on
the charge of causing the death of her
husband, Martin L. Bowers, by admin
istering poison to him, is drawing to a
close. The evidence is all in and the
arguments of counsel will commence
this morning. The Judge intimated
that he desired the case to go to the
jury to-morrow afternoon so the attor
neys .could arrange the time to be oc
cupied in their addresses. There will
be two on each side, District Attorney
Byington and Assistant District Attor
ney Ferral for the people and Attor
neys Frank G. Drury and Hugh J. Mc-
Isaac for the defense.
W. A. Mathews, a clerk in the em
ploy of the Santa Fe Kailroad Com
pany, has been cited to appear before
Judge Troutt to-morrow xo show cause
why he should not be adjudged guilty
of contempt for failing to pay his
former wife. Lois A. Mathews, $30 ali
mony for the month of rCovember.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted yesterday to Delia Imes from
W. A. Imes for neglect and Lucy G.
Marshall from Fred Marshall for de
sertion.
Caroline Berg, who was married to
Charles Berg at Oakland in 1895, want3
a divorce from him on the ground of
extreme cruelty. She says, in the com
plaint filed by her yesterday, that he
has frequently brutally beaten her and
that once while she wa/5 asleep threw
pails of water on her.
Desertion is charged in the complaints
filed by Ethel "VV. Trepanier against
Ernest Trepanier, Arthur B. Saunders
against Mary B. Saunders and James
M. Perkins against Grace F. Perkins.
In the suit for divorce commenced
by Walter S. Erratt against Theresa A.
Erratt, cruelty is the ground alleged.
He says his wife hurt his feelings by
calling him harsh names.
Maria O'Doul is suing Edward J.
O'Doul for divorce for intemperance.
The same ground is, also alleged in the
complaint for divorce filed by Emma
H. Joyaux against Albert Joyaux. Mrs.
Joyaux also alleges desertion and neg
lect.
The husband picked up the stove
and threw it out of the window and
others of the party gave their atten
tion to the unfortunate woman. Be
fore they succeeded in removing her
burning garments, however, she had
been severely burned on the face and
the entire body.
Mrs. Waeber was taken to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital for treat
ment. Dr. Boskowitz, the surgeon in
charge, gives but little hope for her re
covery.
Annie Waeber, wife of Arnold Wae
ber, a barber, and residing at 1124 Du
pont street, was terribly burned at her
home last evening:.
The Waebera were entertaining a
party of friends and had just sat down
to dinner. Mrs. .Waeber had forgot
ten to plape some wine on the table and
her husband got up to get the bever
age from the kitchen. An oil stove
that had been lighted to heat up the
dining-room was directly behind him.
As Waeber pushed back his chair he
upset the stove. In an instant the
blazing oil spread over the floor and
before any one could prevent the
flames set fire to Mrs. Waeber's cloth
ing.
AiinJc AVacber Meets With Terrible
Accident While at Dinner at
- Her Home. '
WOMAN FATAIiliY BURNED
BY OIL STOVE UPSETTING
Show That Authorities Con
tradict Each Other on Many
Points ~ Regarding Arsenic
Claims Also That He Varies the
Monotony of His Life
by Brutally 3Ialtreating Her
MEDICAL MEN TESTIFY
SUES HIM FOR DIVORCE
Evidence Is All in and the
Arguments of Counsel v Will
Be Commenced This Morning:
Mrs. "Carolina Berg" Accuses
Her Spouse of Disturbing Her
Slumbers With .Cold" Water
SAYS HUSBAND
IS MEAN MAN
BOWERS TRIAL
NEARS ITS END
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 1 42 143 (Oceanic 8 IC. **i J
Cal F C A. M>s — Pac Am FA. 5 —
Cal Vine A. — WUirac C Borx.l«T —
Morning Session.
Hoard — -- ***
' ?5 California Fruit Canncrs- »•• «»
! 40 California WlM Association... W» «O
1 10 Contra' Costa Water V- -\
SO S P Oas & Electric Co »« '•»
160 S F Gas & Electric Co •* * '
70 Contra Costa Water Co -• ?" «"
S1.C0O Markrt-st Ry 1st con 5 p;r cent.Ul .»
$10,000 Spring Val 4a <-*d mtge> •*? •»"
13 An"gIi*CaTlfornian Bank j*> <£
:U) Spring Valley Watfr Co • • •» -£
J.\0CO Market-st Ry 1st ron 5 p?r tent.lM •»'
S6.C00 Spring Val 4s (2d mt*e> «> #
I3.0CO Spring Val -Is (3d mtge) W -»
Afternoon Session.
Board — . *.«. ««#»
25 Alaska Packers' Association. ..14^ 00
W Alaska Packers' Association... Ill «»
35 Alaska Packers' Association... U- CO
¦40 Alaska Packers' Association. ..H2 oj»
5 Bank of California u \»~
50 Contra Costa Water «° -•»
127 Hutchlnson S P Co, b 2 «*£,•
20 Hutchlnson 3 P Co * ••• »
¦ 12 Makawell 2° 5«»
76 S F" Gas A Electric Co ** -•>
25 S F Gas & Electric Co M -•»
$5,000 S P Cal 1st con &a (stamped). 1CS 5l»
Street— , tA M
2a Alaska Parkers' Association. ..140 0/>
5O Oceanic S S Co » «•
$1.C«O Bay Counties Power 5 per cent. 102 CJ»
52.00O S P or Arizona 11900) 1<\\ 00
J10.C00 Spring Val 4s (2d mtjre) w5 2,.
* 16.000 U S 4 per cent told reg) 10. o»V»
THE $AN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20. 1904.
14
ROOMS AXD no Aim — Continued^
CALIFORNIA. 1246^-Most "eelect location In
tno^em. el^gsntly furnished private borne;
table unsurpatsed : inartn* view.
OTARRELL, 30* — Furnished rooms: horn*
cooking: German family: $t» per week.
POWELL, r-«:J. rnr. Sutler— Large sunny corner
room for 2. iP r ms reasonable; als<i single rm.
nOOBJS AND BOARO WASTED.
WANTED — iVar.l and nle&sant room for an
oldfjly lady in s rer.ned. qui«t family; a
• horr.e.like place: Ftste rates. B*ix 42.'t, Call.
Uv»ARI.» and mite of rooms wanted for two
adults in bcatling-housp or private family;
w-ferenc*-* O3tch»ns-d. Box 4t'O. Call.
WANTED — Hoard and 2 rooms for two adu!:»
and boy ot 12: must be reasonable; fetate
|»rlce.. llox 4iS. Call.
A ROOM and board war.ted for a rentleman;
give rates and Ifxatlun. Boy 415. Call otflce.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTnD~t:nfurni*hed: 3 rooms, kitchen;
beth. yard: state irn'- I^ox .*:2»^. Call office.
M-;\VI\O MACI1IMSS A\D M TI'LIES
NEW DOMg BO our new trlpU-f«ed ma-
chlneE; slightly used; $10, *1S. $20; second-
h*nd. $3. $.%. ?S; all styles: iruaranteed. New
Home Scwlrir Machine Co.. I0S1 Market st.
JIG SO —NEW irr<rro»»d dmp-head nickel-finish,
cuaranfrd 10 yrs. : i'd-ha:id sewinu machines
*2 Mi. f'J. $4. 14S Cth st.: tel. Jessie 3136.
STORAGE
A— EMPORIUM Stores? & Van Co.; furniture,
household gouds stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Honard Ft., nr. Third : Dhone Grant 161.
PIEP.CE-RODOLPH Storae« & Movlns Co.. cf-
ftre Posi and Powell «t«. : tel. Prlve. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchaa- j
f..f '¦'•'¦¦"• Gcid»n Gate ave. ; ;>hone East 120. |
Oi'LDEX West Storare; advances rnude; 840 i
V:.-«i r et.: tel. Horvard 911. F. W. Z«hfuss. I
PACIFIC Storase and Furniture Moving Com- I
l -:::•-. '-'-I'll Killmore st.: phone Jackson 2S1. '
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery |
ft.: tel. M«lr 1»>4<V SMpr.Ing »t cut rai«-».
jyTXTTKHING AXD STASHIKltlXO. ;
U I : L n .) I ' I : N K~tc7riolTY7n~7ce^M arkM^Cuni
In llti} <-aw: individual leaching; no meili- <
ci?iF. Introlr* into wcndeiful i-urw; home cure. '
TIPKURITEIIS AXD SLPFL1ES.
AN exceptionally rood No. 2 Remington. No. 1 |
Pmlth Premier. $25; other typewriters, at !
hlfher ar.d lower prices: rentals $2 50. Tb» !
Tyji«writer Exchance. 53«S California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $.'{0 *ach; get par- i
tlcutars of L .* SI. ALEXANDER. 110 ilont- ]
' convry «t. ;
A typ«-Trr:!"T »( any pri.-e: ng^nts Fay-f>hol*s. i
S100: Sur.. ?<0: Comrr.«roia!. $35: Portsl. $2S. 1
OVNXIXGHAK. CCRTIfS Si WELCH.
ID-HAND typewriters scld. rented, repaired. ,
W»bster Trt»'wr!tir.«r In«pec. Co.. M)S Market. ;
mvinuvu mitices.
THi; I'hcorix. Emxittgm. Building and Loan Ae-
?i^-iation. Jilti Caliioinia St., San Franeiteo.
l .<¦>¦ <1f-ci;iic-.i a dlrMend for the six months
fTUttng Deceratei 2 r| . 1903, at the annual rate
• •: :« p<v cent on Keneral capital clock. 0 per
¦ «er:t en term certificate* a;.d 4'i per cent on
«-*ving* accumita. i:-.c Isttor being vrlthdraw-
»<h:<? iijicij tli- same e*-ueral te.rir.s at;d ccnOl-
!:¦ !;.- as are u^ual with savings banks.
Tii." I'ho^r.ix has a raid in cepital cf $1.-
« ftit. ooO ati<1 a teserve fund and surplus cf
*21<l.«»>0. Its directors aie: A. A. Watkins.
i-rebident; Cteries R. Bishop. \ice president;
F. Pretitlss Smith, treasurer; Clarence
• irange. Mcretary ar.d managing director:
Cavln McNab. attarney; Charles E. Ladd and
C<*orjre C. licardn'.aa.
£AX FRANCISCO and Suburban Hem- Bulid^ '
fr.R Societr. 6th noor. Mutual Savings Bar.k I
tmiMtaK. TCS Market st.. opposite Third—
Kcr the half-year ending 31st ut December.
IM3, a divider.d has been declared at the
i»te r*r trnum of <!2> twelve p Pr cent en
¦:-,.i h ; (tcck and participating certificates, j
::*e of texe*. psyab> on »r.d after SATL'R-
dat. Saauanr -\ isoi. Joseph a. leon-
ARD. M»r.«r»r. HL'GII <'F.AIG. S»rret«rr.
LEGAL APVCBTISBMBKTS^
«j:.VTIiAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPAXT
FIRST REFCNUING MORTGAGE BONDS— I
Nctiie is hereby siven that, pursusr.t to tb» j
prcvla.cn of Arti'-Je Eight of the rcortrajc* !
:rcm ill. 1 * Company tc the Centrsl Trust Com-
pacy of New York. Trustee. UateJ August I. !
:sy». this Company h*» ett apart out of thi I
rtt Snccme derived by It from the lines of !
jsiircMd therein mortgaged tr.e sum ot Twen- :
i>-J5\* thousand co'.'tcrs in trust to be used i
ig redeem said bonds, and that bor.ds Issued i
under fc«'-d mortgage will be redeemed there, j
v th £n«l bids are f-.ereby Invited for the sur- '.
je^der of euch bonds at prices to !>? n»med by |
ll.e t>;ddcr6, to the amount re<juls!t» to «x- i
t.autt ;j .. sum. Such bids should be prc- '
tented to '!j:s Cor.pany «t its office. 120 '
U.cs3»ay. :n the City of New Tcr<, oa or i
before the 1st day of February. 1904. at I
;•>;¦.« o'clock nuon, and should be Indorsed i
"Sldt for Surrender cf Central Pacific Rail- !
ray Company First Refunding Bor.3s."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY !
Ry H. 11. HARR1MAN. President. I
New Yr.rk. Jsni:arv 2. lytM. j
¦ PStDI**JS&LS.
UtoPOSALii tot thirtirig nuiur.el. <ier>ot quai- ;
tirmiihtir't i-fficf-, 3t> Nev.' Montgmnery Et., [
Han Frar.cisi-o. CaL. Jan. 1«5. rj'j4.— Sealed ¦
l'irpc->al>. in triji'.icate. will bs recoHed at
tlu> office until lo o'clock a. m.. Monday. '
IV Li. 1. V.M. Pacific Standard Time, and '
then opened, for zurr.ishinK 523,000 yards i
olive «lrtb tlilrtiriif tlannt.1. to be subject to ,
a!i increase of 1st j>cr ecM if d*-sir<>d by this ¦
iJCparumot- Bids will be or»-*ned for the I
«ieliv>-ry nt the sani» article «t t! e San Fran- '.
Cisco. Bofrtoa. Chi'-i-go. PhilaUf-tphia and j
New Yurk Uejjots. To avoid lui&uridertiar.d- ;'
Ing as tw the exact t.atute of th" article to '
b* futiilfhed. bidder* niil canlully examine 1
the standsrd sample and sj>»>cificatiotjs. *o I
that pinmill m»y he submitted by th«>m '
»jt!i a lull kr<"Vil«Hlge of what will h« re- i
«juiifd. as an cf*'ilute ••<in»piianc« with th* '
standard ard t-n<;c:flciitioii& will \>r Inbiiytea (
cro" 'f> 'ho Impfrtloa of tbe goods. i; n » J
gusranteed 1,;<S* jrd bids U|x.m samples ilif- ,
'ertng from standaid and t-'rtclficatiuns wii; j
under no circumstances be rntertaim-d. l't.>- >
1 n.1- for Iff guanmy than advertifi^ for i
will t><? eatcrtajtied. Rids for delivery or !
• inrpectlon tu other points than those named '
al<ov«" will net be considered. Estly delivei- i
j€>- are «"seritial. Bidders roiis: elate in th?ir i
proposabi the rate and time of delivery
•boold rootract be awardt-d (o them. The !
article advertised for is tlie same for which '
bids will be i i«*ijed et the other depute. !
Preference will h* given to aiticlrs of d»- I
ni'stlc productk-n and inanufaucture. ccndl- |
tions cf j>rir» and quality bring equal urj- |
clucins •" the price of foreign production '
end niaiu»f"c"V lle tn<J duly thereon) and tu- h !
pr«*er»-nce will be given to ani, j.-v v t Amer-
ican >)rodt'<tlon ajid manufacture produced '
on th» Pacific <"onst «o the extent of the con- i
«un:ptlon required bjr the public seivic* '
there. The IMiltf-d fctates reserves the right i
to in Tt r-r tej»ct any or til proiujsals or i
any pan lher*cf. Information an.i blanks '
for itojiomiI* will be furnislied on applies- i
t1on. jrnvrlop^* «-onta!t!inf: proposals will i.~ '
furnished oti a|>r>lir«tion. Envelopes contain- i
1t»k fproi«isols vlll l>e indorsed "Proposals '
for Shirting Flann«r* and nddresypd to M\- '
JOR C A. DEVOL. Quartermaster. U S i
A- Depot QuartertT.aEter.
fNIVERSITY of .allfomiH. «crkc|ev_x o tice
1., C-ntrnctor^. HulMcrs «nd Material Men— !
N T ti 'iJ s , h '' r "'' > *' v *" tliat " eal -<i lids 'are i
*<.lirjtn<l for |»rformir. B th^ !ab. !r and fui- '
nishlnK the maw-rials for ih«- sti-ut-tural H tc<>< :
und tror, »«rk cu California Hall on the
Itrourds of the 1 niversity of California at
IVrkrl^y. Ol.. j-n.l F ai<! bids will t* ,p!
«-»ived at «hr office of th« Regent^ <v>uth
Mall. Berkrlcy. «t ur bffoio 12 o'.-i^-k m o'
rebroary W. 1904. P!«r, and n*eU*cSia&
r>. suld Ftrtictiira! »tf*l arr<J iion r.ork have
bfn »dop»»J nnd r:»y »>«• 4>x»mir.p<1 daily at
r.rn'-e of th^ n»s;rnts from 3 a. m . until 4
No bids wi:i %*>. oonsiJered unless soram-
ranted by n certlfjed check or bom! of bidder
In favor of the Regent* of the irnivrrsitv of
California, oqunl to tr n /Ki) r *>r r* n t of his
bid. nith FUfflcirnt surrtif^. conditions] that
J mid bid br accepted, the bidder will duiv
«-nt»r into a' iiniper <-ontract to faithfullv
l»-rfi»rm thr duty and ol>li«r«:inns in nreord'-
ancc -with t-»iA bid and with «lv plun^ and
Fp»<".fi<-at;ons «hi<li «ro hereby i^iuirM to
!«• a part of such contract. The npht to r*--
.trrt any «nd all bid* Is !nr»hy reserved
By «.rd«r of the Conimittp*? on 6raanaa an<i
Ituildlnr* of Uie noanl of Regents. V 't
RRKDCRSOf, Keirrttry. •
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. January IV 1904—
Bcaled tToprwaU in triplicate will ' he re-
«-»-ive<l b* this office until II a. rn.. Friday
January rt». iffU. and tlien <.p^n..i. for ••Oo-
ItiR ail th* printinK. and furnishing; all ma-
terial therefor, that may be required «i
Headquarters I'a<-!fic Division durlnjr the re-
mainder cf the fiscal year ending- June ;»
1!K>4.*' Prfferrnoo will be Riven to articles
of domestic production or manufacture, con-
ditions of <,dallty and tirice 'including in the
i • i- .- of foreifn |)rodu<tJons or manufacture
tli» duty thfr«"on>. Uinit equal. The
J.'nit*d >'tatei- rerervra the rijsht to rejsct or
accept r.nv or all proposals in whole or In
j«art Information furnished on application
to iinderMjmwl. Knvelopes containing pro-
p«-«iii« triould he murked "Proposals for
Printing." and addressed to WM. 8. PAT-
TEN AK-Istant QuartermaEter General. 17.
S. A.. Chief QuartcrmnFter. •
BAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. January 20. 18OI —
f«>a!«-<l t>n>r«ir* U«. *n tri:>!ic«te. irlll l»e rr-
c-riv^d her*- umil II o'clock a. m.. February
Jft. IWM. and th«>n orx"nr-<l for construction of
trsLtvc fciich-n Hn<1 sto* house nnder officers'
*ar<1 and f^r r-nclosinK two veran<!*ir ut the
Ornrn.1 UfspHai. Pm-idlo >->i }?an Frani'isco, 1
Cal. Oovei-nmenl rmprvos the right to reject
nr *<vept any or ail bids In whole or In paft.
Information furnifhed nn itppiicalfon to WM
F. i'ATTICN. A<-strtant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. CJUcf ti. M.
'MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
ycsteriiay :
Michel* C»:iav*>rin. 40. Terminous, and Olim-
f.ia «.lonnotti. Mi. Terminous.
Albort J. isteits. 21, city, and Louise R.
Fay. 21. city.
John F. I'ium^l. 4tj, 7<K> Jones street, and
Annie l>-vy, 3.1. 1516 Jackson street.
Ch«-stor 15. McAulay. 22. .OSS Sacramento
¦treet. and Sere A. Rehn. 22. 2S59 Harrison St.
William J. Mulvcnay. 25, c-ity. and Margaret
P. « - urley. 'St. «•»>-.
• Christian Will fan*. :JT». 14-tG Market street,
and Anna A. liratth, 2!t. 143U Market street.
John Jaoobs. 42. 2»E!9 Foisom street, and
Emma Nlomcyer. .'!«, 3432 Sixteenth strret.
Ear!* B. McClure, 21. 7«i Polk street, and
Ftoreace H. S-'mith. 21. 70« Polk street.
John H. Mclaughlin, 21. 4443 Eighteenth
strw-t. an-1 Klla Mrl<*an, IS. 2410 Larkin st.
Uuy S. Millberry. -'1. 2218 Larkin street, and
H. len E. Sutherland. 21. 1714 Clay street.
tleorge B. Stansenberger, :5«. «71 Fulton'
street, and Nellie T. Mulcay. 20. 218 Elm ave.
Albin T. Thompson. S3, 122A Welsh etreet,
and Selin A. Soderbeiff. 24. 122A Welsh street.
John G. Kurt, 2S. 3272 Eighteenth street,
and Wllhrlmina Gau. 19. 2812 Nineteenth st.
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In nt cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Fons authorized to have the same, published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
i'f the ev-iu are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORX.
Ct'LBERSON— In Oakland, to the wife of C.
E. Culberson, a son.
DECKER— In thU city. January 15. 1904, to
the wife of P. Decker, a daughter.
HANCOCK— In this city, January 19. 1904. to
the wife of Charles R. Hancork. a daughter.
NIIESON— In Vallejo, to the wife of Thomas
J'. Nteson. a son.
MAKKIED.
FELLEMAN— SPALDING — In Sacramento.
January S. 1904. by the Rev. Dr. W. W.
Caae. John I. Fellemarv of JOwwicV and
Helwi L. Scalding of Chicago. III.
GREENLAND — LfCHSINGER — In Sacra-
mento. December 25, 1903, by the Rev. Dr.
W. \V. Case. Lester A. Greenland of San
1'rancisi-o and Minnie Luchsinrer of Sacra-
mento.
Gl/ILLARMOD— McCORMICK— In Sacramen-
to. January 14. 1904. by the Rev. Dr. W. W.
Case, J. Henri Jacob Guillarmod of San
Francisco and Zelia A. McCormick. of Sac-
ramento.
MOLK— BROWN— In Sacramento, December
31. 1903. by the Rev. Dr. W. W. Case. John
Mole of Oakland and Gertrude Brown of
(Jrass Valley.
VORCE- CUMMINGS— In this city. January
17. l»iM. by the Rev. Jay William Hudson
of tho Second Unitarian Church. Oliver F.
Vane of Fresno and Mary F. M. Cummings
of San Francisco.
\VHALL::Y— SOPEH— In this city. January
19, J9«M. by th<? Rev. L. C. Sanford, Arthur
W. Wlialley and Eleanor D. Soper.
DIED.
Argante. Aurora Kerr, Susan
Basbillio. Margaret Lemon, Annie
Braun. < Charles Lewis. Hannah M.
Brolly. Mary l^ewis. Mary
Burke. Alice M. McDonald. Emily J.
Constant in. John Megclin. Minnie
Corr. David L. l'od»>Eta. Eueenia
lJi. Kp 'ii. J. R. Reardon. Timothy
Doe, Charles F. Robertson, Harry A.
Fisher. John S. Robinson. Thos. L.
Flake. Charles W. Row. Olive R.
Frcgley, Joseph H. Schaap, diaries A-
G^riat-h. Anna M. Schiller. Helen R. H.
Harroid. George E. Stone, Rutson J.
Harty, Maggie Troseth. Albert I.
Hastorf. Capt. Chas. Waite, Mary E.
Huff. Harry s. West, Amanda M.
Kepple. Daniel E. Wetmore, Irene E.
Kllndt. There=a K. Wolf. Louia
Kritipi, Agatha Wynn, Evelyn F.
ARGANTE— In this city, January 19. 1904.
Aurcn Arearte, beloved daughter of An-
celmo ajid Caterina Artante, a native of
t-'an Francisco. a=<-d S months and 2.1 days.
(CTFrlenilB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funerel Thurs-
day. January 21. at 10 o'clock, from her
patvnts' residence, 26 Hunt street, oft Third,
lwtwoen Mission and Howard. Interment
Italian Cemetery.
BASSILLIO— In ihis city, January 18, 1904,
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Joseph
Uassillio, iiioib.-r of Joseph K. , John and
Wii'iam Bassilllo. Mrs. Marzaret Brown,
Mis. Albert Mau and the late Catherine
iiatsiliio. and sister-in-law of Mrs. G?orge
Nightingale, a native of Tipperary, Ire-
land, aged 151 years S months and 27 days.
CFrienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited i to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday (. at 8:S0 o'clock, from her late
i-«-».iii<rri<.<\ -10 Union street, between Mont-
gomery and Sansome. thence to St. Francis
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at a o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ERAL'N — In this city, January 17, 1904.
Charles Braun, a native of Sweden, aged 40
years. A member of Cooks' Union, Locat
No. 44.
C?*Friends and acquaintances are. respect-'
fully i:ivited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 3 o'clock, fiom the parlors of Porter
6 White. -123 Golden Gato avenue. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BROLLV— In this city, January 18, 1904, Mary
Brolly, wire of the late John C. Brolly, and
nearly beloved mother of Mrs. Eva Schoen- ¦
feM and William J. Brolly, a native of
CooMjr ArtnaKh, Ireland, aged 58 '-ears.
t^i-'rlends and acquaintances are refpect- i
;ul!y invlteii t<> atttnfl the funrral to-day
(Wednesday), at (s:'M o'cli»ck. from her late '
resl-Jem*. 209 l j Fair Oaks street, near '
Twvr.ty- third, thence to EL James Jhurch.
•rhere a fnlemn rtquiem high mass trill be
«el»-bra;td for the rei>o«» of her soul, ojm-
mencinz at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cress
Cemetery.
BUIUCE— In this city, January IS, 19fM,
Alice Marion. b»lwpd dauchter of Adeline ,
and th» Uie Janie* Edward Burke, and
r,!-arvi<iaughter cf W. H. Burke, a native of
rian Francisco, agf-d 1 year 10 months and
2 <isvs.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-day '
(Wedceaday). at 1:30 o'clock, frcm the re.«f- i
.l-n.-e of the parent?. 3419 Sixteenth etreet. I
Int-rnnnt Holy Cross .Cemetery.
CO.WSrANTIN— In this city, January 17*1904. '
John Coiistantln, a native of Greece, aged 4S
yea(B. A inenior of Cooks' Alliance No. 4S.
CTFtietids and acciualut.-inees are lespect-
fully ir.viteJ to attend the funeral to-day
av«lnesi!ay). Iroin the San FrHticirco '1'urn
Verein Mall. :!5.'t Turk etrtct, where the f<i-
n^ral will be held under tlie auypic-s of San
Franripco Turn Verein at 1 o'clock. Crema-
tion Odd Fellows' Cfmcterj- Remains at the
imrlon of Tnecdor Di<?rks, S37 Mission street
between Filth and Slsth.
CORR— In the city «nd County HcsplUtl. Jan-
uary l:». KHM. David L. Corr. a native- of
Nev/ York, aged 50 years.
DirKSON — In (liis oity. January 18, l»0«. J.
It. Dicli*on, be!ove<i father of Dave Diek-
<"-'n. a native of Boston, Ma^s., ac?d iXl
years?.
tT?"R-n:airs at the rarlors ot McFadden.
McBrearty ft Creen. 1171 Mission etreet. be-
iwn-n t-eventh and Eighth.
DOE — In this city, January 16. 1904. Charles
F. l»oe. a nativ»* of Parsonsfield. Me., aged
70 yearj ."• months and .'! days.
C3 r Kri«Tni3= are r».-(..-. tfully Invited to at-
tend th» funeral services Wednetxlay Janu-
r.ry 20. at 11 :30 o'clock, at his late residence
2iiW> I^atuna Ftreet. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland. _ .
FISHER— In this. city. January IS, 1901. John
P.. hurbanii of Mary Flslier. and father of
Oiailes D.. John W. and William P. Fisher,
a native of Nashville. Tenn., ag?d 59 years
7 months and 'Si days.
FLUKE — In this city, January W 19O4
rharles Wesley, beloved husband of Nellie
Fluke, and father of Charles, Harry and
Frank Fluke. Mrs. Nellie Breeding and Mrs.
Myrtle Turner, a native of IlllnoU, aged CS
yars 10 months and 10 days.
C7"Notic« of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the chapel of C. II. J. Truman Company.
IJtm Micvi'jn street, between Fifteenth and
Sixt*.-enth.
FUAGLEV— In this city. January 19. 19<M,
Jos-ch H.. dearly beloved hu.'band of Annie
Frag!**, lailvr of Albert Fiacley. devoted
>on of Martin F. 1-ragley, «nd brother of
Martin r. Fregley Jr.. a native of San
Prmttdsoo, age<l 34 years 3 month« and 19
•lay.-. A ir.ember of Teamster*' Union. Ix>cal
No. £5: 1'roclta Parlor No. IS". N. S. G.
W.. and Alta L*>dgc No. 242. A. O. U. W.
ITCTKrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tliurwiay). at S::w) o'clock, from the parlors
cf Mcnahan. O'Hars. & Co., 2.^9-41 Mission
ftn^t. near Nineteenth, thence to St. Jamej.
Churra, wh»rr- a solemn requiem high mass
will Im? celebrated for the repos* of his soul,
i-oir.mcncing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
i OFFICERS and members of Precita Parlor
I No. 1«7. N. K. O, \V.. are hereby requested
I u> aitsembla at the undertaking naj ioij- of
; Monahau. O'Hr.ra & Co.. 2i'59-41 Mission
street, ntar Mneteenth, at S o'clock Thurs-
day. January 21. to attend the funeral ser-
rtcea of our late brother. Joseph H Fraelev
JAMES J. RYAN. President.
GERLACH— In tliU city. January 18 ijkh
Anna Margaretha GcrUch. beloved mother of
Jacxb and Chris Gt-rlach and the late Mrs
Elizabeth Bill, a native of Nie«W Weiuel'
Htesen- Darmstadt. Germany, aged LS vears
2 tncnthB and 15 days.
O"Fricn4s and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. CALLACHEB CO.
(Successor* to Flannaran & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIHECTOns AND EMBALMERS.
| 20 Firth bt.. opposite Lincoln School.
i • Telephone South SO.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly | n Metropolitan Temple.
Now at SC« MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Firth. ¦ near Fifth at. -"
Finest Equipments at Moderate Kate*.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), nt 1 o'clock, from bn- late
residence, 529 Montgomery avenue, thence to
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HARROLD— In this city, January IS. 1004, at
his residence. 912 Harrison street, between
Fifth and Sixth. George E.. dearly beloved
husband of Catherine Harrold. father or
Alice. Vera, Flossie and Georpe Harrold, and.
stepfather of William and P. II. Loftus.
Mrs. J. Morris and Mre. J. Doherty, a native
of Boston. Mass.. aged 52 years.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HARTY— In Holllster January 18. 1004. Mag-
pie Harty beloved daughter of Mrs. Delia
Harty and the late Roger Harty. and sister
of Mrs. Cottle. Mr* Hertz, Josle Harty
and the' late Nellie Harty. a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years 11 months ana
10 day*.
CJ'Frlfcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral service*
"Wednesday. January 20 1904. at 1 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of Julius S.
Godeau. 005 Montgomery avenue. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HASTORF— In this city. January 17. 1004,
Captain Charles, beloved husband of A. Has-
torf. a native cf New York, aged 61 years.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1615 Howard street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HUFF— In this city, January 18, 1904, Harry
8., beloved son of the late Oliver B. and
Mary A. Huff, and brother of C. C, R. S.
and Alice M. Huff and the late Mrs. L. D.
Coloord, a native of San Francisco, aged 45
years 1 month and 10 days. (Cape Porpoise.
Me., and Seattle, Wash., papers picas? copy.)
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of "Por-
ter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.- In-
terment Odl Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
KEPPLE— In Los Angeles, January IS. 1W4.
Daniel E. Kepple, a native of Meelin. County
Cork, Ireland, aged 30 year*. A member of
Yorke Council No. 50S. Y. M. 1.
ICT'Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
«t the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 16"
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
KERR— In this city, January 19. 1904, Susan,
dearly beloved wife of John Kerr. and de-
voted mother of Mr*. A. I. Cadwell. Mrs.
David Miller and Mrs. James Miller, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged CO years 7 months
and IS days.
E7"Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
KLINDT— In this city, January 17, 1004, The-
resa IC. beloved dauchter of Christian and
the late Anna Kllndt. and sister of Mrs. L.
C Enwald. Morris Kllndt and Mrs. A.
Schoubor, a native of Denmark, aged 32
years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, January 20, 1904. at 11 o'clock,
at the residence of her father, 1504 Jackson
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KRITIPI— In the City and County Hospital.
January 18, 1904, Agatha Krltlpl, a native
of Alaska, aged 42 years.
LEMON— In the City and County Hospital,
January 19, 1904, Annte Lemon, a native of
Ireland, aged 71 years.
LRWIS— In this city. January 17, 1904. Han-
' nah M., beloved wife of the late. Edwin
Lewis, and wlater ot Annie Farrell. a na-
tive of Maseachusetts.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. January 21, 1904, at 10 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-flrst.
LEWIS— In this city. Ja'nuary 19. 1904. Mary,
beloved wife of the late Philip Lewis, and
mother of Philip Lewis, Mrs. Frank Aron-
aon, Mrs. Meyer Bloom and Mrs. Albert
Tri^ber, a native of Manchester. England,
aged 72 years 5 months and 7 days.
McDONALD — Entered Into rest. January IS.
1004. Emily J. McDonald, beloved mother of
William H. Rugg and Eva S. Hart, aged 74
years.
CTRemains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
MEGELIN— In this city, January IS. 1004.
Minnie, beloved wife of William Megelln.
devoted mother of Mrs. C. L. Parent, and
grandmother of Mathilda E. Parent, a native
of Germany, aged 66 years 11 months and 2
day*.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 565 Halght street, between Fillmore
and Steiner. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
PODESTA— Eugenia, dearly belayed wife of
the late John J. Podesta, loving mother of
Lucian. Norma and Le-ona Podesta. and sis-.
ter of Mrs. F. Cavagnaro and James Fu-
gazzi of Honolulu, a. native of Italy. . .
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday-
morning, January 21. at 10 o'clock, from her
'late residence. 1926 Leavenworth street,
thence to the Italian Church, corner Filbert
and Dupont street*, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated ¦ for- the. -rfpose of
her souli commenclnc at 'lO'.-W -O'clock. In-
terment New Italian Cemetery-" -•
REARDON— In this city, January 17, 1»>4,
Timothy, beloved son of Timothy and Katif)
P.eariion, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
day.
ROBERTSON— In this city. January 19. 1904.
Harry A. Robertson, beloved ' brother of
Agnes M., William R. and Walter S. Rob-
ertson, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
yearp and 10 months*.
IC^Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street, between Third and fourth.
ROBINSON— In Alameda. January 18. 1904.
Thomas Lorintt Robinson, beloved son of
Mr*. A. T. Robinson, and brother of Ralph
and May Robinsan. a native of California,
aged 45 years 0 months and 24 days.
|T7"FrIends and acquaintances are. respect-
fi'lly mvlt<»d to attend the funeral .services
Thursday. January 21, 1901, at 2 o'clock, at
his late home. 21 lo Central avenue, under !
the ausDiceu of Oak Grove Lods* No. 215,
F. and A. M. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
ROSS— In this city, January 1!>. 1904, Olive '
Rav. beloved wife nt Theodire B. Rose, ;
mo'hi-r of Fi«d K. Talbot and Th?odora Olive
Ross, daughter of John W. and Annie K.
Spencer, and sister of Kato. Klla, Helen and
Frank Spencer, a native of San FraQcltCO,
agf-d :'M years 4 months and 'S-l daye.
p7"Fr!end.x and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. January 22. 100-1. at 2 o'clock, at
her late r^Fliier.ce. 152.*! Sanchez street, be-
tween Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth.'
SCHAAP— In this city. January IS. 1904.
<"harles Albert, beloved ton of Charles and
tiie late Mary tfohaap. and brother of Mrs. :
David J. Carr. a native of San Francisco, i
agod 2« years s months and 10 days.
tT^Frir-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Tli'irsdHv), at I<> o'clock, from his late resri-
l rtence, 'Jl.'! Locust avnue, off l<:i£tm<i street. ¦
A between McAllister street »nd Golden Gate :
¦"avenue. Interment Holy Cros3 Cemetery.
SCII1LLKR— In this .city. January 15>. 1904.'
Helm Raroona Hartan. holoved daughter of
Otto F. and Lillian II. Schiller, and grand?
daue^t^r of Mary L. and 'the late . Uarlan
I', iimith. a native of (California. a«red "» I
months and 23 day?. (Machlas, Me., papers !
please copy.)
CVFriendd arid acquaintances arc respect-
fully ln\it'«l to attenJ the funeral services
Tliuisday. January 21, 1904. at -1 o'clock, at
the residence of tor parents, 2542 Foisom
street. Intfrmmt Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
STONE— In this city, January 17. 1901, Rut-
son J. Stone, beloved husband of Annie
TCInisrt Stone, father of Robert am] Alice
Violette Ston»\ and brother of General Georg-
i-'tont-, a native of IVIawaie County. ?.V:w
York. as«*U 50 years' '£ months and 22 days.
(Delaware County, New York, i>ap?ra please
copy.)
(?^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
Jully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Wednesday), nt 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Crate, Cochran & Co., 429 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment private.
TROSETH — In this city. January IS. lOO-t.
• Albert 1.. beloved husband of Arthemise
Trcseth, devoted father of Napoleon. George
*nd the late Emil Trcseth. and brother-in-
law of George P.illloux, a native of Norway,
aged 37 years 7 months and 18 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funera! services
to-day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
: 6treet. between Seventh and Eiehth. under
the ansi.lces of Goodfellowshio Camp "No
!<633, M. W. A. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
WAITE— In East Oakland, January 19. 1904,'
at 101S Eleventh avenue. Mary Eliza, wife
of-H. T. Walte, and sister of Sarah S. and
Edward Talbot. a native of Maine, aged 02
years 5 months and 13 days.
WEST — In Alameda. January 17, 1904, Aman-
da M.. wife of Myers Burton • West, and
mother of Zena A.. Delia E. and Myers
nurton West Jr., a native of Delaware,
aged 49 yeat» 11 months and 21 days. ¦ ,
IDTlie funeral will lake place to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Albert Brown. 572 Thirteenth street. Oak-
land. Interment private.
WETMORE — January 19, 1904. Irene Eliza-
beth, beloved adopted daughter of William
B. and Alattie K. Wetmore, aged 0 years 1!
months and 9 days.
WOLF— In this city. January 18. 1904. Louis.
beloved husband of Fannie Wolf, and father
Dr.R.L.Walslr
J»jHn^ till rest ml tcn'al f ne.ioi
/ h£ «\i •* «'•• ftna«: cflets
.1»' 847 Geary St
t Iroit'y sap oiltt e&ntogk Bi!l
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction .. . . .25c'
FIIHnis. . . . . . .... ..50c
Crowns.. ... . $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work. .. . $5.00 to $25.00
&C0K 1 0K THM AD. IACH 0IEEB SAT.
of E. Myron Wolf^a^ed 69 years 4 months
and 20 days. (Stockton. Cal.. papeis please
copy.) ¦. . .
CT" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend, the ¦ funeral "Wednesday. January 20.
1004. at 10 o'clock, from his late residence.
B-1G Cole street, thence to Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets by electric funeral car. In-
terment Salem Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
WYNN— In. this city. January 18, 1904, Eve-
lyn Frances, dearly beloved daughter of
Thomas and Mary E. Wynn, and loving- sis-
ter of Alice and Josephine Wynn, a native
of San Jose. Cal.- • . .
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1010?i Natoma street, thence to
St JoseDh's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
po«e of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment 8t. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
, ceas*d • members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for parents and
relatives of living members, will be sung in
St. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 9 o'clock.Meat Market.
Mutton and Lamb are higher. .No sprin«
Lambs of any consequence have thus far come
in. Beef and Veal are unchanged and Hoga
remain as before quoted.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers t° dealers
are as follows:
BEEK— C4@7"4c for Steers and e-gSHc per
lb for Cows.
VF. -\L — Large S'gOc: small. 9@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers.. SViSOc; Ewes. &8SV3C.
per Tm.
LAMB— lOetlc per lb. - ;•"- -.•-''¦
PORK— Dressed Hobs. 7®S*-ic per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 30
per cent 'shrtnkase for Cattle:
¦ CATTLE— Steers. 8#i>c; Cows and Heifers.
"7S«c; thin Cows, 4©Cc T>er tb. . '
CALVES — l«M%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4@4'ic; Ewes. 4c per lb
(gross weight).
—LAMBS — 5c r*r !b. ,
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 .to 1W lbs. 5Vi«5V.c:
over ISO lb? 5c; soft Hogs. 4i*c: Sows. 20 per
cent off; Boar?. 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40
per cent off from above quotations.
Receipts of Produce.
* - FOR TUESDAY. JANUARY 19.
Flour qr sks .. 8.m|Fecd". sks 50
Wheat ctls .... 2.C20 Core, ctu ..... 255
B.-irley" ctls .... 3fi.81O| .ufa'.f » sef d! sks =«
Pear, sks 2.W>7 Tallow, ctls ... 243
IVtatoe-. sks . . l.Stni Pelts. No. J»
Iran sks ' {w5 ' Hides No. 454
Vwlt'ilnas sks.. 5t>0; leather, rolls .. 37
Jiiv ton.4 l-*«\Vln ? . g*l» ....34.700
PTnw, tons 20 tSagar. ct!» ««>
Iiopi U Us .... 100 Chicory bhls. . .. : 15
Woe! bil»s .... 41 f Lime, bbls 31?
i:«.reen!n^s sks. 102
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks .. 5.2C0! Hops, cases ... 219
AVheat ctls .... lO.eOOjShorts. sks .... 1.23O
Bran, "sks 2.150!
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks .'. 16i
EASTERN".
Flour, qr sks . . 8331
* — : — -»
1 STOCK MARKET. |
i-— : — ! *
There was a veiy good business on the Stock
and Bond Exchange. 'but, with th» exception of
Alaska Packers, which made another advance
to $142 50 fluctuations wers neither numerous
nor wide. Hutchinson Sugar was strongar at
$S * > 5ff? < *-37ti and Oceanic Steamship at 53.
Th»re were "sales of Anslo-Callfornian Bank at
$00 and Bsnk r.t California at $44.1.
¦ M'ning stocks were easier as far as, prices
were concerned, bnt trading was above the
ave-aee volume. The oil stocks were still dull.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company will pay, a
regular monthly dividend of.$l per share Janu- '
"""The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company pattt
a regular quarterly dividend bt $3 per share
agsessment of $4*per share was delinquent
yesterday on the capital stock of the California
Guarantee Investment Company. " ••
The annual m'et ng cf tha Canfornfa Ga» »ad
Ehsctrlc Company " has been ¦ called for Janu
• ary 20 riHMf4BNBP9lt9HHW(4)
An Eastern s>-ndicate has agreed to take $1.
500.000 of the 5 per cent bonds of. the North
Shore Railroad Company at par and accrued
interest. At the annual meeting of the stock
holders the following directors were elected:
John Martin. E J d» Sab'ui. R. ,M. Hotalin*.
' J. ' Henry Meyer. John C. Ccleman. Edward
Coleraan. F. G. Drum. H. E. Bothin and R. R.
Colgate. John Martin has b*on electad presi
dent: E. J. J« Pab!a. Brat vice president; R. M.
Hotallng. seccml vlc<? -president; J. Henry
Meyer, treasurer, and Frank B. Latham, secre
tary. - - •
At the annual meeting of the California In
surance Company the o|d officer* and directors
were re-elected, ¦ &* follows: L. L. rircmwell,
president; M. .A.. Newell, vice, president; J. H.
Anderson, xrcretory: A. Herman and F. W.
Van Slcklcn.' A dividend of 15 cents per share
'Exchange 'land' Bullion.'
Silver declined 1 Vic.*- New York telegrams
are lower. •
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84-
Sterling Exchange, sight... — 4 S«%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight .... — 12%
New York Hcchange.^telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce,....; — 56%
Mexican Dtllars, nominal, ...... 45 @ 46
.Wheat ami Other {Grains. j
WHEAT FKEIGHTS-rCcritlnue nominal and
unchanged at about 12s 64, usual European op
tions. The chartered wheat fleet in port has a
registered tonnage of 3417, against 22,400 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged, 102,000
tons, against 83,930; on the way to this port.
176.800 tons, against 156,950. ¦ -
WHEAT— News from the East and , abroad
was scarce." Chicago ' advanced lVsc Brad
street's gave the world's visible supply a de?
crease of 3,910,000 bushels. " *
The Chicago letter of Bolton, " de Ruyter &
Co. said: ¦
"The volume of trade Is small.' but the mar
ket is simply without selling pressure. . Armour
apparently has it bought dry and there Is
enough scattered covering of shorts to gradu
ally advance the price. In conditions of sup
ply and demand there is also very, litt'.e ac
tivity, primary receipts are again In excess of
last year, the exports are small and mostly
Flour.*-- Minneapolis reports: Flour in good de
mand, partially for export. . The Southwest 13
still without rain, and, while this is commented
upon to a. certain extent. It is not seriously
thought that any'material- damage has so far
been realized. Cables show only dullness
abroad and no ' disposition to follow advances .
here. Argentine weather is favorable. The
fact that May Wheat in this market Is within
2c a bushel of -the Liverpool price shows the
effect to which local holdings dominate the
market and how impossible any satisfactory
opinion of the future is." .'.'
This market .remained about the same. Fu
tures were flat, with nothing doing. •' The cash
"grain was in good movement for' milling and
feeding account. There la nothing doing * In
shipping, as the shippers cannot pay over $1 35.
Port Costa, and they cannot get any l wheat at
this figure. ¦ ¦ . ".- - .- -, •• ;¦
. CASH WHEAT.
j California Club. $1 3S%@1 42%; California
! White Australian, $1 45@1 50; Northern Club.
$1 389i<Sl 41 V4: Northern ¦ Bluestem. ?l 47%®
1 50;, Oregon Valley. $1 40. • .
' . , . FUTURES. ' ,
- Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. -
No. sales — -May, $1 38% asked. , : : \--, . ¦ ' ;
., .;" -. •". N . "'. 2 p. v m. Session/-
May— $1 38V! bid, $1 38% asked; :
BARLEY — Brewing continues neglected and
there Is nothing of- any consequence doing in
Chevalier. There 1 is some business in Feed for
local milling* account at a slight" decline. Fu
tures remain unchanged.
¦.-¦¦-¦ CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $LO7%@1 UVi; Shfpptng and Brew-,
ing. $1 15@1 17%; Chevalier, $1 17%@1 40 for
fair to choice. .. ~ > '¦.'¦' - * ¦.-.-..'
•/ y'i . . -FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m. -
Open. • High. Low. Close.
May . ...$1 05% $1 05^, $1 05% $1 («V»
; 2 p. m. Session.
¦Open.'- High.'.' Low. Close.
May ...$1 05% $1 05% $1 05 .$105
QATS — Black are quoted /lower, the demand
having been poor of late. White are . still
scarce and firm. Reds comprise the principal
description, and are reported in fair demand
! and firmly held, with ample. stocks.
White, $1 20@l 35: Black. $1 35©1 55: Red,
' $1 20@l 321A for feed and $1 25@1 35 for seed;
Gray. $1 32%.. . .
I CORN — Offerings are i larger and consist
mainly of Western, and th^ market Is. hardly
as firm as it was a week or ten day3 ago.
I Prices show little change, however. -\> '
Western sacked. $1 25@1 27% for Yellqw.
$1 25551 27% for White, and $1 22% - for
Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 32%; small
round do $1 40<gl 50; .White. $1 35 per ctl:
Egyptian, $1 45"jjPlj.'55 fbr^^hite and $1 25 for
r RY r E— Ik stUl'efiilt'anjf'fl&rtilnal at $1 25<gl 30
per cti. ¦.:.".' :'.' ; f :;*¦:'• : ¦" . •
BUCKWHEAT— H75S^. per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
There ¦ is a fair* averace movement in the
goods under, thit'head 'at previous quotations. , .
FLOUR— Galifornla}(FaRniiy- Extrns,. $4 60<g> -.
4 85 usual terrns; Bakers' Extras". $4 50@4 tiO;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90ig>t 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 90S4 40 for Bakers'.- •
- MILLSTUFFS— Prices -4n packages are as.
follows: Graham Flour. $3 26 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25:, Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour,
$7 : Corn Meal '$3 '25: • extra cream do, $4i Oat
I Groats $4 50; Jlominy, $4^4 25;- Buckwheat
' Flour $4 50W4 75; -Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
! rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. ?3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls. . $7 25<j?.3 -60,~ in.- sacks. $G 75@8 10;
1 Pearl Barley. $8; Split" Peas, boxes. $7; Green
j Peas, $5 .10 per 100 lbs.* • x
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
AH Feedstuffs are. quoted firm, and supplies
are meager, except. Bran, which has come in
freely from the north during the past three or
four days. Hay xules firm at unchanged prices,
with a steady demand; ', .. 1
BRAN— $20 50S21 50. per ton. I
MIDDLINGS— $27028 50 per ton.
SHORTfV"»M 50@21 TA per ton. '
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50>S 24 50
per ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. J28S29 50;
jobbing 1 $30; Cocoanut Cake,' $21@22; Corn
Meal $2S®23 50; Cracked Corn, $28@29:
Mixed Feed. ?22@23; Horse Beans, $30@10 per
ton. >
HAY — Wheat- $14@17 50: Wheat and Oat,
$14®16 50: Oat. $14@16; Wild Os«. $13@15;*
Barley. $12t?14 50; Stock nominal — none here;
Alfalfa $12313 50 per ton. .
STRAW-50(g75c per bale.
, : r Beans and Seeds. >'
Beans continue firmly-- held, but are ex
tremely dull. The only change, is an advance
in BlacKeye. ' The-,- rainfall in the Lima Bean
district was light.- hence this description con- i
tinues as firm as before. • > ¦
BEANS— Bayoe, $2 3ZQ2HV, Pea. ?3 25; But
ters $3; small White, $2 95@3 05; large White,
$2 50@2 C5: Pink, $2 80® 2 90: Red. $4 25»4 50;
¦ Lima $1 15@3 20; .Red .Kidneys. $4 23: Black
• eye. J2 15@2 25 per^ctl: Horse Beans. $2S2 50.
i StEDS — Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard $2 65@2 SO; -Flax. $1 80@l ftO; Canary. |
5@5Wc for Eastern: Alfalfa. Il@l4c- Rape. ,
lVi«r2c: Timothy. fi@6%c; Hemp. 3«©3%c per
lb; Millet.- 3<53V4c; Broom .Corn Seed. $20@23
.per ton. • ¦
DRIED PEAS— Nominal. • ,
F otatocs. Onions and Vegetables.
.Receipts of .river Potatoes were very light.
ami. .although there., was considerable of Mon
day's heavy arrivals still on hand, the mar- j
ket was active and ruled firm at steady prices.
Salinas and Oregon Burhanks were firm at un- j
changed rates and supplies in first hands were !
steadily decreasing, j Seed Potatoes continued
dull, ihe demand from • outside points being
very lljtht. . There • were no . fresh Sweets re
' ceived and carried-over stock moved freely at
the previously quoted rate. Onions were » easy j
at the recentiy revised quotations. Receipts |
of late have been .too much for the average
daily -requirements,' -• ' "• . > • '''r **
: Asparagus from ¦¦¦ fh«^ Sacramento River was
offering again and met! with prompt sale at
40@50c per pound. Only two ¦ boxes came In.
As usual on .Tuesday the receipts of Lo» An
geles Vegetables were very ¦ light and offerings
consisted chiefly of carried-over. stock. Peas
¦ and Beans were in good. request and choice
lots "were 1 reaiily disposed of at full* figures, |
hut all other, descriptions ruled dull and Sum-"
mer Snuash and -Egg Plant- were quoted lower.
POTATOES — BUrbanks from the river. 70@
OOo per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25@1 50 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks. : $l,'10@l- 30 . per ctl;
River Reds 504?60c per ctl: Garnet Chiles, 90c
. fi$l perr-c'tl; Early Rose, 90c@$l per ctl;
Sweet Potatoes. $1 85 per ctl.,;
ONIONS— $1 25#1.40 per ctl; Green Onions,
— s. p'er.box.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas,. 3@5c per lb;
String. Beans. 8(S15c per lb; Wax. 8fU2%c: j
Tomatoes I from Los Angeles. 50c(f?$l per bqx :
or- crate: Rhubarb.* 5@6c per lb: Summer ',
Squash: from .Los Angeles. -50e(K$ I per box:
¦Cabbage. $1 per. ctl ; 'Carrots.- 50c per fack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. : 75c@$l 50 ; per dozen;
Garlic, 506<" P«r lb: Eirir Plant. !0<*f12Hc
per lb: Dried Peppers. : o@So per- lb for Stock
ton and llfl'ISVtC for southern: Dried. Okra.
12%c per, lb: Green Peppers, 5<SS7c ' per lb:
: Mushrooms.' 20(fJ25c • lb; Marrowfat and
Hubbard ¦ Squash. . $10tfJ)15 ; per ton for round
lots I and | %.@^i<" P e r lb : for, sacked. . . .
¦ ' Poultry and t Gamc. '
! -The- Poultry market was slenderly -supplied '
and • in very srood shape if or.; sellers. - The re-.|
celptfl.ot Califdrnidn stock were unusually light j
for* Tuesday and there. wbb continued firmness I
1 in all descriptions 'and -prices, for all kinds of !
young. Chtckens were;higher. ; The second, car
of .Western 'for'the week was on sale and was
quickly disposed pf at steady .prices. , Another
car is scheduled for to-day.' ¦•¦. There .was not
miwh inquiry for "dressed Turkeys. Only seven
cai=«-s came. In.' . ¦."»'.... '. ¦ ¦ • .'•.,¦
¦ ;Game was ¦ in ¦- light but . a.mple supply and
'continued to. drag, as the^blrds - were mostly
poor and fin. "s ,:r. '¦•"-<,"*•{•'¦ ¦ .,-- :. ,
.POULTRY — Dressed .Turkeys. 18021c per lb;
live Turkeys ie«?:i8c per »lb: Geese, per pair.
$2®2 25; Gosllplts. $2(JJ2 25: Ducks. $5 503« 50
per dozen for old - and , $6 50(37 50 for young;
Hens, $fi@" for large and $5tf?<5 for small:. youni?
Roosters. $« 50ffl7 50; 'old' Roostent. $5 50Q6;
FryerR.* $5 -5O®6: , Broilers. • $5@5 50 ¦ for large
and $4 50®5 for small: Pigeons. $1 25(5:1 50 per
dozen fcr old and $Z 2562 50 for Squabs, r - :
-GAME — Mallard Ducks.-. $2 5fif!!\ 5O per doz;
Canvasback. $3®4 50; Sprig, '; $2Q2 50; Teal.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— The promise held out
by the late etcck market o& yesterday was not
fully realized to-day. There was a growth
in the volume of the dealings and in the
breadth of the demand, but the animation did
not hold throughout the session and the gains.
were yielded for the most part before the
closing-, which was irregular. Great hopes
of an enlivened market were built on the
special activity and strength yesterday of
Kock Island and of United States Steel pre
ferred and the second mortgage 5 per cent
bonds. These movemeiys were regarded as
evidences of a return to speculative activity
of some of the leading capitalists of the
time who have refrained from any notable
operations in the market for some time. Thi6
seemed to Indicate an element of strong lead
ership in the market, the lack of which is
supposed to have been the principal cause of
the persistent sluggishness of the' market
since the turn of the year. The professional
and. eemi-DrofeAEional element of the specu«
Jation. therefore, came into the market with
much enthusiasm this morning.
United States Ste*l ureferred sold ex-divi
dend 1*4 per cent and when the price rose to
58^. equivalent to 60 with the dividend on.
It became manifest that heavy gelling orders
would have to be absorbed before the price
could make much further advance. There was
manifest heavy realizing Ir Amalgamated
Copper, which carried It off a point below last
Jiljrht during the course of the day. The Rock
Ieian-J issues also failed to maintain the
buoyant tone of yesterday. These develop
ments in eo important a grout) of stocks had
a discouraging' effect on the bulls and the
subsequent speculation showed a lack 61 en
thusiasm. . ••
The gxowin«r -abundance of money resources
seemed to have attractions only for opera
tor* in stocks of small railroad and industrial
companies, and . this class of securities again
arsuMied the predominance in the market.
There was a late rise of a point in Union
Pacific. Realizing sales were resumed on the
late recovery and the market closed irregular.
The large dealines in United States Steel
second fives continued. The market generally
wax somewhat irregular. Total sales, par
value. $6.595, <J0O. United States bonds were
uncharged jon call.- ' -• -'• ... "%''-
New York Money Market. .
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— Call loans, 1%#2 per
cent. * • .
SEW YORK STOCK LIST. ,
Stocks — ¦ Open. High. Low. Close.
Atch!son :. 14,300 CSVi 67% 87%
Atchison pfd 1,800 89Vi 89 89%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 8,500 SOft 79% 80%
Bal & Ohio pfd 90
Canadian Pacific... 3.700 I17^i 117U ' 11714
Cen of New Jersey. 1.100 1C3«4 , 161 163%
Chesapeake & Oqlo. 2,200 33% 33 Vi 33%
Chicago &,Alton... 3.SH0 3«Vi 37% 37%
Ch! & Alton pfd....... !(OO 84% 83^4 S2
Chi Great Western. 8,300 17% 16% 17 -
Chi G W B pid 300 30 29% 29%
Chicago «rN W -.lOO.lCTK 167Mi 1C7
Ch I" Term & Trans. 600 ,12 11% 11%
Chi T & T pfd.... 2,400 2C 24# 25
C. C. C * Et Louis. 700 ,.79% 7S% 78%
Colorado Southern. 200 1K% is 18
Colo South 1st pfd. 100 57- 57 56'
Colo South" 2d pfd. 7O<» 2B% 26«,4 2«i%
Delaware & Hudson 2,100 167% 160% 1C7% ,
D*l, LacJC & West. 100 273% 273% 272%
Denver & nio G... 4.600 23 22% 22%
Den & Rio G pfd.. 1,800 72% 71 72.
Eri* •• -21,100-28% 27%- 28%
Krie 1st" pfd.... 4.!»00 CS*« 67V4 68%'
Erie 2<l-pM... 4,400 49 48 4S%
Oreat NortMern pfd < ...' 170*
HoddBET Valley.... 100 , 74 74 74%;
$1 25@1 50; .Widgeon. $1 25; small Ducks. $1;
Gray Geese, $3; White Geese. 75c®$l 25:
Brant. $1 25 for small and $2 for large; Honk
ers. $5 for large and $4 for small; English
Snipe. $3; common Snipe. $1 50; Doves.
$1 25; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 25 for
Brush; Hare. $1 25@1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Egg*.
Butter is steady and that Is all. The northern
markets are reported- liberally Mocked, and th«
southern also, hence they need none of our
Butter, and this market has to absorb all the
receipts. For.tunately they are not heavy.
Cheese continues a drug. AH coast markets
are overloaded and each market is trying to j
< unload upon the other. Anything to get the >
Cheese out of sight. Quotations are largely
nominal, but the general trading figure la \
about lie for No. 1 flats, . I
The declining tendency in Eggs continues. ;
Receipts continue to increase, as usual at this i
time of the year, those yesterday being over j
. 1110 cases. Meat of the fine ranch are going
at 26c, while actual sales of store were made i
yesterday at 21c. Buyers continue to purchase j
only from band to mouth. The retailers are ¦
now receiving a good many ranch Eggs direct '
from the ranches and are accordingly taking
very little from the wholesalers at the moment.
Receipts were 30,700 lbs Butter, 1142 cases
Eggs and &>00 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 20@30c for extras and
25®27^4c for seconds; dairy, 18^22c; store But
ter;, nominal; cold storage, lS@22c per lb for
ordinary and 22Vi@24c for extras.
CHEESE— lie for the general market, 11^9
12c for select mild new and 9@10c for lower
grades; Young Americas, ll>^@12c; Eastern. ,
15«?16c; Western, 14@15c per lb. i
EGGS — Ranch. -25©27c for choice to fancy
and 23t?24e for small and mixed colors; store. ;
21®22lic; cold storage. 18®19c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Apples are the leading feature of the fruit
market at present, and as receipts have been
light during the past week the market • Is .
steadily cleaning up. Medium and high grade
offerings are in good request and common stock
is moving oft. better than for some time. .A
car of medium grade stock of the Ben Davis
variety was'received from Hood River. Oregon,
yesterday and moved, off well at $1@1 25 per ;
box. A carload of fancy stock is expected from j
the same State before the- end of .the week.
Advices from Southern California say that
shipments of Oranges to Eastern markets are
very light and that stocks are accumulating at
shipping points owing to the lack of cars. In
this market Oranges and all other Citrus fruits I
are plentiful and dull *wing to the continued
•cool weather. Seven cars are announced for ;
to-day's auction.
APPLES— $ I 25® 1 75 for fancy, 75c<g$l for |
choice and "5<360c for common. j
PEARS— Winter Nellls from cold storage.
$1 50£2 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 75@2 25 1
per box for fancy, $1 25@1 75 for choice and ;
50c(S?l ftr standards;' Seedlings. 50cfi$l; I
Tangerines, 50e@$l per box; Japanese- Man
darins. 75c@$l -for half boxes;- Lemons, $1 75
tiZ 50 # for fancy. $1 25@1 50 for choice and '
75eg$l for standard; Grape Fruit. $1®2: Mex- |
lean Limes, *1@4 50; Bananas, $l#2 per bunch |
for Hawaiian and ?2@2 50 for Central Amer
lean; Pineapples, $1 50@2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruit sJSfuts, Raisins, Honey \
Business* in this line Is still* slow, both here ¦
and in the East, and quotations remain prac- •
tically unchanged. j
FRUIT — Apricots* 7V^<Q0%c for Royals and 0
®llc for Moorparks;. Evaporated Apples. 4®
3^c; sun-dried 3@4c: Peaches, 4t?6%c; Pears,
6@10c; Nectarines, 4@5^c; Figs, white, 4®4%c
in boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pitted, 6#9c per
pound. '
PRUNES — 1903 crop, 2%@2?4c for the four
sizes'. -
' RAISINS — F. o. b. prices, Fresno,, for 1003
crcp: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 2-crown.
5%c per lb; 3-erown, S-'ftc; 4-crown, 6^c; Seed- .
less Muscatels. 4 Vic; do. floated. 4V4c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4^jc; Thompson's Seedless.
5V&C. London Layers — 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials. $3: Malaga Loose. 2- •
crown, 5c per lb; do 3-crown. 554c: Valencia !
Cured. 4Vic; Pacific, do, 3%c: Oriental, do. j
2%e. Seeded Raisins — 16-oz packages, fancy, j
Sc per lb: choice, 7'^c; 12-nz packages, fancy, j
6%c; .choice, C%c; in bulk, fancy, "•'54c; choice. |
"%c. • I
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13^«?14c; !
No. 2V'llH612c: No. I' hardshell. 13Ot3«»e; r
No. 2, lliSll^ic; Almends, lie for Nonpareils. ¦
10V4c for I X L. 10«4c for Ne Plus Ultra and
894c for Languedoc: Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern; ,¦
Pecans, : U<gl3c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5; Chest- ]
nuts. SglCc per lb.
HONEY— Comb, lCSll^e for white and 8H® ,
OVic for amber; water white extracted. 5^ ;
5\4c; light amber extracted. 4H®4 y jic; dark.
3%®4c.
BEESWAX— 27®2»c per lb.
Provisions.
There is not much change In the situation !
anywhere. Chicago reports the country bullfsh
on pigs, with the packers rather against the
market'. Offerings p.re light: ' ¦ .
The Chicago wires of Bolton. de Ruyter . & ;
Co. say : • ' . !
"Market is unchanged to 10c higher. The j
principal' strength is in Lard. In which there
! has been pretty pood speculative buying the '
j past day or two. Stocks of Lard are not large
and there la more or less talk ftiat the reduced
supply of Cottonseed Oil Is and will be a
factor in its use. Receipts of Hogs are a little
In excess of last year, and while the distrib- I
utive demand Is fairly Rood, yet stocks are
accumulating. Packers are making no effort !
to support prices, but are as a rule rather free
sellers of product. Except for the strength :
1 in coarse grains, we are inclined to think Pro- j
visions will sell lower." . . !
There Is no further change here. Hams and '
Bacon continue nulet and weak, with ample
supplies, and the demand for barreled Beef and
Pork 1e merely fair.
CURED JIEATS — Bacon. ll>4c per lb for
heavy, 12c for lljtht medium. 14c for light.
14>«c for extra light. 17c for sugar-cured and
¦ lSVje for extra -sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
; cured Hams, 13>4c; California Hams, 12'rjQ
I 13c; Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl; extra Mes.s,
! S12«?12 50; Family. $13: prime Mess Pork.
! $16: extra clear, $24; Mess, »1S; Dry Salted
Pork. HHci Pig Pork. $2S: Pigs' Feet. $5 25; i
Smoked Reef. 15c r>er lb. ',
LARD — Tierc«s quoted- at "c t>er lb for !
compound and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pure. I
9%c; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins, »
10c. I
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 8*Hc; three
halt barrels, 8*«c; cne tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
SHc; five tierces. S94c per lb.
Hides, Tallozz'. Wool and Hups.
The local trade are quoting: higher prices for
' Hops, as will be seen below, and five actual
sales at 27630c. ' The market is steady at the
advince. Stocks are getting very low. the '¦
' whole coast supply left In growers' hands now I
' being estimated at about 5000 bales, against
, 50.C0O at this time last year. A few contracts ¦
! for 1004 crop have been drawn at 17®lSc, also .
an advance. The Eastern and foreign markets i
continue firm. !
Wool is quoted steady and in fair demand, j
with stocks being gjteadily reduc?d. Humboldt !
and Mendi-clno and free northern clips are all
cleaned up. Northern defective Is lc lower
than the quotations which have ruled for a
long time. Otherwise there Is no change.
Hides are easy in sympathy with the East,
but prices are unchanged. Most of the stock
now coming in Is erubby. '
, HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
abcut %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9c; medium. Sc; light, 7^c: Cow Hides. I
"Vsc for heavy and 7 V£e for -light: Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip, 9c: Saltrfi Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
10«4c: dry Hides. 15@16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry y
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25»g3l>c each: r
short Wool. 4O©65c each*; medium. 70©»Oc: long \
Wcol. %\(S\ 50: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2@2 50 for' medium, ?1.23®1 75 for.
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry."
$1 75 for large and $150 for medium, $l<fjl 25 >
for small and 50c for Colts. B§ ek Skins — Dry j
"Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry'
Central American. -31c. Goat Skins — Prime An- '¦
Koran. 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium, 35c;
small. 20c.
i TALLOW — No-. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No.
2. 3%c; nrease % 2H©3c.
WOOIv— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs", Ojg> j
h lie; 'Middle County. ll@12c: Northern' D»- I
i fectivc. 9©10c: Nevada. 1.1<gl5e; Oregon fine,
I 184?l9c: Oresron medium. ITc per lb.
HOPS — 27030c .per ..' lb -for California. 1903.
and 1701&C for croo of 1904.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5@3K,c; San Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c: Fleece Twine. 7Vi@
Sc. ¦* - . !
CANNED FRUITS — The » California Fruit
Canners" Association quotes the following price :
list: : ' .. ¦ "• \ . - ¦ ' •
3 ?• : :
' ' '¦'¦'' :: : - : *:' '
Apples ...s.... ......... $X 55!$1 30 $1 201*1 10 j
Apricots 1 35 1 25 .... <
Blackberries l «0 140 130 120!
'Cherries. R. A...; 2 15 100 170 1 40 1
Cherries, white ....:.. 1 75 ,1 CO 135'
! Cherries, black, ...: 2 CO 1 75 U0.13J
I Grapes-.: 135 1 20 1 10 1 00 7
' Yellow Free Peaches. 1 . .'. .... 140 .;.." i
Lemon' Cling Peaches. . . 1 XO I HO 1 30 1 20 ':
Peara 2-00 175...: .... >
Plums :...........:.... 1 35 1 15 1 05 * 95
Raspberries 2 00 2?25 2 10 1 ttO
Strawberries ......,;... 2 00.1-75 1601140
.. CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2^-1b j
standard 82 1 >i@S0c; Creen Peas — Baby petlts ;
pols • $1 50; petlts pols. $1 85; extra sifted.
$1 15; standard, sifted.- $1;. standards. 65c; t
marrowfats. WUc: sallon. sifted. *4 23; xai- 1
Ion. standard. $3 75. . . t
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. ?8: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill ?«; Standard. $7; Roslyn, |7; ,
Coos. Bay. $5 50: Greta; $7: Waltsend, $7; Rich
mond.- $7 60; -. Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; .Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13: Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $S 50 per ton; Coke. $11 5iva
j 13 • per . ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rockjr
| EASTERN MARKETS.
Weather Rebort.
(120th Meridian— Pacific. Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 19—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of .same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
/ " Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka . . .' 0.Q4 23.18 22.87
Red Bluff 0.32 13.59 13.60
Sacramento 0.10 5.20 6.71
San Francisco 0.20 7.10 6.15
Fresno 0.08 1.44 3.21
Independence 0.00 0.42 0.S3
San Luis Obispo 0.22 1.90 -5.00
Los Angelce.... ...\.. Tr. 0.57 4.87
San Diego 0.02 0.43 6.09
THE COAST RECORD.
a g ss 3 2 "3
§ *5H§:af .jr i
¦ STATIONS. ~ ?|5Hg.§ ? %
~i B P . t —
: E ? : : §
':??¦': •
Baker 20.04 26 12 NW Clear '.04
Carson 28. »4 ,10 20 NE Pt.Cldy .16
Eureka .30.13 42 86 • W Pt.Cldy .64
Farallon 30.10 50 44 NW Clear .10
Fresno 30.08 48 34 N Clear .08
Flagstaff .2i».7ti 30 24 SW Pt.Cldy Tr,
Pocatello 29.82 32 18 SE Cloudy Tr.
Point Reyes. ..3A.04 48 40 NW Clear .10
Independence .29.78 42 22 W ¦ Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles... 29. tW 54 38 SW Pt.Cldy Tr.
Mt Tamalpais.30.0k 36 32 NW Clear .32
North Head... 30.12 38 32 E Cloudy .01
Phounlx 29.94 60 38 SW Clear .00
Portland 30.12 36 32 W Cloudy .12
Red Bluff 30.10 4« 34 NE Clear .32
Roseburg 32 ,'¦...
Sacramento ..3O.J0 4« 34 SE Clear .10
Salt Lake. .. ;.2O.7R '88 22 N.W ; Cloudy Tr.
San Frsncifcco.30.12. 50 42 NW Clear ! .20
Fan L. Obispo 30.10 50 34 \Y Clear .22
San Diego. ..."i0. 04 68 40 SW Rain .02
Seattle 30. IS 34 32 N Pt.Cldy .20
Spokane .....30.02 30 26 SW Cloudy Tr.
Tatooeh ......30.10 36 34 E Cloudy .02
Walla Walla. .30.10 38 32 NE Cloudy - .2<?
Winnemucca -2».»4 26 24 NW Clear .06
Yunia 29.04 64 40 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm has moved southward and now
overlies Utah and Northern Arizona.
Showers have occurred In Southern California
and snow will probably fall in fair amounts by
Wednesday morning in the mountains pf South
ern California.- ' '. ' ' :
In the northern psrt of- the State ' heavy
frosts may be expected Wednesday morning.
. The temperature is from 4 degrees to 6 de
grees below the normal at all points in the
State. Eastbound travelers by all routes may
expect cold weather and snow.
The following maximum wind velocity is re
ported: Modena. 28 inlles'per hour, from the
southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January 20: .
¦ Northern California— Fair Wednesday; heavy
frost in the morning; fresh north winds.
Southern California — Clearing; colder Wednes
day; fresh southwest winds, changing to north-
Xevada — Fair Wednesday; colder; fresh
northwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wedne»- I
day; continued cold; fresh north wind.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Retail Meat Prices.
The following retail prices fr*r meat* are
quoted, by the Retail Butchers' Protective As-
Fo-iation:
BEEF— Prime Roast. 15^ 18c; Porterhouse
Steak. !8S22U,c; Tenderloin Steak. 15@18c;
Sirloin Stfak. 124<gl5c; Top Round Steak.
12Hc: Beef Slew, 10c: Corn Beef, SglOc; Soup
Bores. 4c; Soup Meat, 5210c.
VEAL — Loin Roast, 15@20c; Shoulder Roast.
12i-j<&l.V; Chops and Cutlets, lS-ffiJOc; Stew,
MUTTON— Leg, 12%^15c; Forequarter. S@
• l*r: Stew. Sg'lOc; Prime Chops. 12%<B18c.
¦ LAMB — Leg. 20c; Forequarter, 12%@15c:
Hindquarter. lS$20r; Shoulder Roast. 10@
12%e; Chcpo. 15^1&c.
POHK— Roast. 12%®lSc: Chor* IS^ISc.
These prices do not cover the cheaper grades,
s«= it is impossible to quote regular prices on
•them.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mail adTfeea from New York say:
' Hand-to-mouth buying is still the general
rule with local distributers, and the market
has a tame ar-peaj-ance. Loose Raisins remain
.:n an unsettled condition, and among handlers
pt-nerslly. the situation Is held to be very us
satisfactory. There is little if any demand
from local Jobbers, and with resale stock from
other markets seeking an outlet here the feeling,
if wet>k. The coapt situation also contains
some elements of uncertainty despite the as
surance that there . it to J>e no reduction of
aeFoctation pricep. While, there is little show
-of interest in forward shipments, we hear that
some f. o b. f-ales of nutside raisins are being
rnflde at low price*, 'which, although riot made
puHic. ar:- said to be at least a cent' a pound
below the association figures. The sales have
not involved any large lots, however. Seeded
" Ttaisins remain eat-y. with moderate sales at
figures. The development of a stronger
ton*- in tbp Currant market has brought out
wni» inquiry for carload lots from interior t>uy-
who.- bow-ever, do not feeru inclined to pay
the pr; res .demanded. The inside quotation is
'4~*c. but it if believed to be Mill possible to
buy at 43»c. Th» movement in Prunes is con
fined r-ithfn narrow limits, buyers taking only
what thes" need to k^ep ur> assortments. There
in n* particular pressure to sell, and prices re
main a.-- rre\1ou«ly qur^^d. Apricots are 'In" a
ptronp position »>oth here and on the coast, but
in the absence of important demand there has
been no further advance 1n price?. A sale of
a tot of choice lioyals in WMb boxes at 9%c is
rfryru-d. but 9Hc is generally quoted on this
prade. Pome sellers report % better movement
in'Pf-aches. while others still find the market
riiill Dates nr? In moderate request at the
quotation*. • Figs are dull."
The Weather and Crops.
' The weekly report of A. G.-McAdie, section
director of the elitnate and crop service of the
Weatber Bureau, is as follows:
OEXERAL SUMMARY.
The temperature during the week was nearly
normal and the weather generally clear until
•near the close. Foes prevailed in the coast
districts and heavy frosts occurred in most
sections. Rain corcmenced falling Sunday morn
ing and extended throughout the State during
the day end night. Heavy snowfall is re
. ported in U>e mountain districts.
The precipitation In some portions of the
south was more than half a.n incfa end is the
first, general rain since September. It will un
doubtedly prove of great benefit in softening
the eoil fer cultivation, starting grass and im
proving the condition of orchards. The raln
• fail this season in some parts, of Southern Cali
fornia is reported lees than in any season since
1&4.9. Fair crops of grain and hay will prob
ably be raised In the s..'jth If later conditions
&re favorable. The rain was not so badly needed
in the central and northern sections, but will be .
beneficial to grain and feed. Plowing and seed
ing are in progress in most sections. Grain
continue* in good condition in th'e central and
northern districts, though its growth is some
what slow on account of cold weather. Pros
pects for large Crops ar* excellent. Green feed
is plentiful, but growing rather slowly. The
reports of heavy looses of cattle through
drourtit appear to have" been exaggerated.
The cold weather and lack of moisture have
retarded the development of Southern Califor
nia oranges in most places," the fruit being of
small sire and late in coloring. Frosts have
caused but little damage, owing to timely fore
casts. Work in orchards and vineyards Is-pro
gressing rapidly.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
The temperature during the week was about
normal, with cold nights and sever% frosts.
Fog« prevailed in the river districts. Heavy
rain fell in all sections at the close of the
week. The noil is in excellent condition and
• rapid progress is being made in plowing and
t-eetfing. Early sown grain ts looking well and
prospects are good for large crops of wheat,
barley and oats.. Green Jeed is plentiful, but
- )ts growth has been somewhat checked by cold
weather. The rain will, undoubtedly prove
"beneficial to grain and grass. Stock axe in
rood condition. Orchards and vineyards are
looking well and cultivation is in progress. No
material damage has been done by frost.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.
The weather was clear ana cool most of the
¦week, with frequent fogs alon^ the coast and
heavy frosts In tb* interior. Rain fell in all
sections at the close of the week and will be
of inestimable : value ln # the southern districts,
where the aoil had become very dry and pas
turage had -nearly failed. In the central and
northern sections early -sown grain and grass
continue in good condition, but growth has been
retarded by cold weather. The rainfall In the
southern districts will enable farmers to re
bUTne plowing and seeding, and with favorable
conditions through the spring It is probable
that rood crops of grain and hay will be raised.
The loss of cattle" in the vicinity of San Luis
Obiepo was not eo'great as reported. ,. Tree snd
vine planting and pruning are progressing
rapidly.
BAN JOAQCIN VALLET-
Generally clear, cool weather, wjjh foggy
mornings and frequent hea*-y frosts, prevailed
during the week. A generous rain fell over the
enrjre vallfy Sunday and Sunday night. It will
be of rreat beneOt in preparing the soil for
plowing and seeding and in starting . gra« and
early town grain. Plowing and seeding are
progressing and the grain crop will soon bn
planted In the northern portion of the valley;
in the central and southern portions, where
cperatiOTi* were delayed 'on account of the dry
weather, plowing and ¦ seeding will be com
menced. Gras«< and early eown crain In the
northern ruction have made but little growth
owing to cold meatber; In " the ¦ central and
southern portions dry feed is very scarce and
Ktork are suffering, but the recent rain -with
f-:eja.son8ble weather will Boon make green feed
plentiful. Prunirwr' and cleaning orchards and
¦vineyards nre progressing rapidly.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Clear, warm weather continued until near the
'lose of tl* week. Light rain commenced Sum
«isy afternoon, continuing Into the night in'
, nearly all pecUons. This la the ant " general
rain Fir.ce September, and, though compara
tivrly light, will undoubtedly be of consider
able benefit. The precipitation in some places
»«« more than half an Inch, and this «vjll
soften the toil, start pasturage «nd Improve
orchards. Th»- observer at San Qlego reports
that les* rain had fallen up to the 16th than
Jn *ny reason j,ince JSia. . A pood deal of work
na* U-en done recently in water development.
. U>S ANGELES SL^MMARY.
" ;-" n^. / 3 r "««f«t broken -Sunday night by general
rain. n o reports yet received regarding
smount. but apjiears too Iteht to do much pood
in th«- south, if B rain «prouts the continued
Croostit would cause damage.
REP AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead . . 6 li«>
7c per lb; White LeSd. «5%<g7c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $43«44 for local use and
! $12 5<iiQ43 50 per flask for export.
SALT — The war among the local trade h«»
• become violont; each handler is underselling
' the other, and quotations are nominal. Buy
i er* can almost make their own prices,
i ¦ SUGAR — The Werteni Surar Reflnine" Cirra
1 pany quotes a* follows. p*r lb. in lmMb bars:
•Cubes, A Crushed 'and Fine Crushed.. 5.P5e;
Powdered. 5.;"Cc; Candy Granulated. 5.50c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.'40c: Dr Granulated, coarse.*
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c: Beet Granu
lated (lfO-lb bags only). 5.20c: Confectioners'
A 5.40c: Mastnoli* A. Be; Extra C. 4.00c;
I Golden C. 4.8(V: "D." 4.70c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 5(V more; .VMb
' hags, 10c mere for alt kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.JH)o: boxes. 6.15c: H. & E. Crystal
i Domlnos. 8.40c per lb. No orders taken for
! less tMn seventy-five barrel? or its equivalent.
; LUMBER— Pine, ordlnarv sizes. S1S319: ex
tra size* higher- " Redwood. $lfMJ23: Lath. 4
feet $-"5 90«?4: Picketd. $in«2r.: Shincles. $2 for
Xo *1 and $t 50 for No. 2: Pha'tes. $13 for apltt
and $14 for sawn; Rustic. $25(331. . . .:¦;-'
COAL OIL — Water White ¦ Coal ' Oil
in bulk. 15c: Pearl Otl in cases. 21 %c: Astral.
21 %c; Star. 21 %c: Extra Star. 25 %c: Elaine.
27%e Eocene. 24%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline,
in bulk, 17c; in cases, 2316c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c: in cases. 19%c; S6-degree GJpoline. In
bulk. 25c: In rases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 88c per gallon In cases and
82c in drums. and Iron barrels. •¦
Salvador — 12!j<ftl3c nominal for , strictly
prime washed: 10fil2c for good to prime
washed; 8%i&5)%c for fair washed; 0%<@llc for
fair to rrime washed peaberry: 9&'3w%c ' for
good to prime semi- washed; 9c for "sujjeridr
unwashed; S%'SS-)4c for good green unwashed;
9@9%c for good to superior unwashed pea
berry; 5%^% c for inferior to ordinary. • <
Nicaragua — 12%@13%c nominal for prime to
fancy washed; 8%filO%c' nominal for fair to
¦trietly good washed": AU^S-^c for good to »u
perior unwashed; 9S9%c for good to prlmi
unwashed peaberry. ».
Guatemala and Mexican — 14%'515c for fancy
washed; 12-. t tj-14»ic for prime to strictly prime
washec.; ll@ll%c for strictly good washed:
10^(§10%c for good washed; 8%«9%o for fair
washed; SigSVic for medium; 5%@7%c for In
ferior to ordinary; 10@ll%c for fair to prim*
washed peaberry; S>f?l>%c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; S%1i9c nominal for good
to superior unwasfted; 6d"SV*C for ash-damaged.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 20<532c; extr*
henvy. :uh,j iiio per lb; medium. 27'8'^)e; light.
241526c: Rouith . Leather. 26<S2Sc: Harness
Leather, heavy. 35^39c for No. 1 and 29<$3T.o
for Na 2; medium. .10@a7c; light. 29® !5c;
Skirting. No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2. 3C33Sc; Col
lar Leather. 154116c per foot: Trace Leather. 40
@44c; Kip. unfinished. 40<Q30c per lb;. Veal,
finished 60<g60c per lb: Calf finished. 65cf?l
per lb; Wax sides. lftglTc peT foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14«tlfic: Rough SrH'». M®l'»c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $201J2S per ton; stick.
$15®1S per cord.
OILS— Linseed is 4c higher. Quotations
are for . ' barrels; for cases. add 3c.
Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases No. 1 70o;
Bakers" AA. $1 1IKS1 12: Lucol. 44c tor boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. ««t70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 5Mc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Spena
Oil, 8<1c: nat-Jral winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale O1J. €5c; natural Whale
Oil. We: extra winter strained Lard Oil. J*5c:
No. 1 Lard Oil, 75c; pur? Neatsfoot Oil. 7.V;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herrtnir Oil. 4-V:
dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 3?c; boiled
Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish OiW 3Se; boileil Paint
Oil. 85c; raw.Pa!nt Oil. 33c.
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
?12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per tb, 4c:
cases regular, 4%o; cases.- extra large^ 5c;
Eastern style $*>: boneless 5»ie; •"Norway."
5Vic; "Narrow Gauge." 5%c; ""Silver King."
7c; blocks, ;Orlental.'" 5%c; blocks. ¦ ••Sea
bright;" «ic; tablets, 6Vic; middles, 6%@7%c:
fancy boneless. SVi@8%c: pickled Cod bbl».
$7 75; pickled Cod. half bbls. Si 50. *
CORDAGE — The local company quotes m*
follows. 60 days or % per c«nt discount for
caah, no sales undsr nu w> lbs; Manila, 1-H»e:
Sisal 10%c; Duplex. 9%c; Bale Rope. 10V*®
10%c per lb.
CO* FEE— Costa Rica. 13%fJ15e nominal for
strictly prime to fancy washed; 12%® 13c t&r
prime washed; ll%<&12Vic for good washed:
lu%®12%c for good to prime washed peaberry;
9®M)%o.for good to prime peaberry; 9%Qito
for good to prime; S'gOc for fair; 5%jJ-7%c for
common to ordinary.
Silver declined ly^e- NczvYork Exchange lower:
Xrzv York Stocks quiet, ivith Money away down.
Local' Stocks and Bonds quiet. Mining Stocks lozcer.
Wheat Freights still'lcnv, with plenty of ships here.
Ji'hcai and Barley inactive and the latter -Icnuer,
Oats, Corn and Rye about as before. '
Flour and Millstuffs in fair demand and unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff s firm at previous prices.
Beans still firmly held, but very quiet.
Butter easy, Eggs declining and Cheese demoralized. ,
Dried Fruits, Nuts arri Raisins about as before.
Provisions quiet, with Hams and Bacon weak.
Hops continue to advance, with stocks running low.
IVool in fair demand, with [stocks diminishing. .-
Beef steady, Mutton higher and Pork unchanged.
Linseed Oil marked up 4c per gallon.
Salt market demoralized, with local dealers fighting.
Hides easy, in sympathy with Eastern markets.
Potatoes firm. Onions easier. Southern Vegetables quiet.
Poultry in slender supply and firm. Game in poor condition.
Oranges accumulating at southern points, with cars scarce.
Apples cleaning up well and firm.
j Hocking Val pfd.. ..... 'J.t. ¦ 83%
Illinois Central 1.300 131% 131% 131%
Iowa Central 100 22 22 22
Iowa Central pfd... 100 41 >4 41% 41
K C Southern. 500 20% 20% 20%
I K C Southern pfd.. 1,000 3S% 38 3S%
| Louis & Nash 1,700 10D% 108% 108=i
Manhattan L 13,303 14514 343% 144%
Metropolitan St Ry. 4,900 123% 121 Vi 122%
Minn & St Louis. ». 100 67%. 67% 6«%
Missouri Pacific 12.500 93% a2% 92%
Mo, Kan & Texas.. 2,700 18% 17% 18%
M,' K & T pfd 8CO 40% 40% 40%
Ntl R R Mex pfd.. 200 40% 40 39 Vi
New York Central. 1,100 120 119% 11914
Norfolk & Western. tSOO 58 , 57% 57%
Nor & West pfd. . . ' ; . . 85%
Ontario & Western. 8,400 22% 21% 22Vi
Pennsylvania 24,800 120'i 119V4 11991
I\ C, C & St Louts. 100 64 64 6."i
Reading 20,200 46% 45^4 46"
Reading 1st pfd. ... 100 78«<. 78% 78%
Reading 2d pfd.... 1.000 61% 61 61 .
Rock Island Co.*.. 40,300 24% 24'i "U 1 *
Rock Islani Co PH 11.000 63 «. 62V; «2%
StL&S F 1st pfd.. ..... ..... *. . 66
StI. & SF 2d pfd.. 2,700 45 43% 44
St Louis P W.... #00 14% 14U 14%
St Lculs S W pfd.. 3,100 35 34% MK
It^l-pw:::::::; 1 . 7 : 500 u^ ia *'¥$'
Southern Taciflc... 15,400 49% 49% 49%
Southern Railway.. 6,900' 21 K 21% *>1%
Southern Ry pfd... 700 79%. 79H 79^
Texas & Paclfjc... . 2.800 26% 26 26
T. St L & W 200 20% 26% 25%
T. St L&Wpfd.. 100 38% aS% 3S%
Union Pacific 22,100 79% 79^ 78%
Union Pacific pfd.. 400 SM) 89*i 89Vi
« abash ' 500 ' 20% 20% 20»4
Wabaeh pfd.-.:-... 3.200 39 38% 3S%
Wheeling & L E.. 1,000 18V4 17*;. ,18^
>\ iscont in Central.. 10,200 21 *i 20% «>liS4
Wis Cent nfd .... 2,700 47'1 46% 46%
Express Companies— . ' . n
A dams. ........... ..... 220
American '""* inn
United States \. "" »
Wells-Fargo ...\ !'"
Miscellaneous — . :• -
Am *i, "oPPer 37,700 51*4 50% 50%
Am Car & Foundry 400 19% 10% 19%.
Am Car & F pfd.. 500 QS% CS% 66%
Am Linseed Oil * " • "• tjZ
Am Linleed Oil pfd 200 29 28" 27
Am Locomotive ... 800 17?i 1754 -i-tv.
Am Loco pfd 700 77% 77% 77ti
Am Sm & Ref 1,600 48% 4S 4S
Am Sm & Ref pfd. 600 90 90 . 89
Am Sugar Ref .... 5.700 125% 124% 124%
Anaconda Min Co. . * •«
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 21,300 50% 49% SO
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 300 29?i ;29« ' 29 U
Col A Hock Coal.. 100 U% ' H% ?4
Con Gas 1,200 194^ 19.-?%
General Electric .. 100 175 175 174%
Int Paper . 1.200 ny t 11% n4
Int Paper pfd 300 65% 65% 65%
Int Pump * 7S
Int Pump pfd 72U
National Lead 200 15% 15% 13*2
North American .. 1.200 89 8714 S7^
Nor Sec . * S A T ?
Pacific Mall R00 32^ 31 % 31 14
People's Gas 1,100 98% 98 9S
Pressed Steel Car. 500 29% 29 29
Prised St Car pfd. 300 69% 69% 69
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 215% 215% 215
Republic Steel 2.300 7 7 7
Republic Steel pfd. . 800 43 42*1 4'>T4
Rubber Goods .... 2,100 18% 18% 18%
Rubber Goods pfd.. \200 75 75 7414
Tenn Coal & Iron. 700 39 t 38% 3S%
U S Lea+her 600 7% 7% 7%
IT S Leather pfd... • 600 77% 77% 77
U S Rubber 2,400 13% 1314 18%
U S Rubber pfd... 100 49% 46 4S
V- I l tee , 1 -;j 4 - 100 11X <> X1^ «*4
Tj S Steel pfd 3.100 58% 57% 67%
Western Union ... £00 88% SS 87%
Total sales i 513,900 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— Bond transactions, of
Lnited Railroads of San Francisco: 1000 at
$78, 2000 at $77 87%. 8000 at $78.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid, $3 87%; asked, $4. Preferred
—Bid, $33 50; asked, $34: J -.;
NEW YORK 'BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg.lO5U L &. N unified 4s. SftU
Do coupon 105i,i Man con gold 4s.lO4
Do 3s. reg....lC6 Mex Cent 4s ..'70
Do coupon 106% Do 1st inc 15%
Do new 4s. reg.l32H Minn & St L 4s. 00%
Do coupon..,.. 133 Vi M; K & Tex 4s.'.- 9S"
Do old 4s, reg.107% Do 2ds .-*., 80 ••->
Do coupon 107% NR of Mex con 4s 75%
Do 5s. reg....i01V4 N Y C gen 3%s.. 97
Do coupon IOI14 N 3 C gen 5b..,131-
Do adj 4s . &S% Do 3s 71%
Atlantic C Lne 4s.- 93 Nor & W* con 4e 97'
Bal & Ohio 4s.. 101 H OSL 4s & partle O4K
Do 3% B 03% Pa conv 3%s 95%
Central of Ga 5s.lO4% Reading gen 4s.. 96
yDo 1st inc 6!) S L & I M con 58.H3
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO2% S L & S P fg 4s gAK
Chi & Alton 3%s. 75% St Louis SWlsu! 03
°/ J 3 S ew 4s " 01 % S«abord A Line 4s 65
CM & StPgn 4s.l09',4 So Pac 4s....... 89
C & N W con "b.131% So Ry f.s. .."... .-112
Ci r^ R X *« Pac 4s - 72 Te * & Pac lst«.:lio%
£0 col 5s 81% T. St L & XV 4s.. 70
< L & SL «f>4s. 0GV4 Union. Pac 4s. ...102%
CM Term 4* 81 Do conv 4s f)«U
Cons Tobacco 4s. 58 US Steel 2d 5a.. 74 u
Colo & So 4s 87% Wabash lsts .....115%
Den & Rio G 4s. 97% Do deb B 65%
Erie prior lien 4s. 97% W. & L Erie 4s 90
Do gen 4s S5 Wis Cent 4s '. 89%
F W & D C lsts.103 Colo Fuel & I... 73
Hocklns Val 4%s.lO4%
,. NEW YORK MINING STOCKS
Adams Con 10 (Little Chief 06
Alice 15 Ontario 4 25
• Breece- 10 Ophlr 4 00
Bruns Con 05 Phoenix . A
Com Tunnel OS Potosl '." " on
Con Cal & V*.. . . 1 50 Savage * * !•.
Horn Silver 1 05 Sierra' N>v .*.*""* " g^
Iron Silver....... 1 65.Small Hopes 20
Leadville Con O2lstandard .. 1 50
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.''
Money— Westing Com 83
Call loans ....3%@4% Mining— ' '
Time loans ...4%@5 United Copper.. 6
Bonds — Adventure " 2V.
Atchlson 4s 98% Allouez $,1
Mex Cent 4s 60^4 Amal Copper ; 50%
Railroads— - Daly West. %2
Atchlson 68 Blngham ... . V.'.' ' 22%
Do pfd ......... 89 Calumet &Hecla445
Boston & Albany.24414 Centennial . . . L
Boaton & Malne.167 Copper Range.!." 4fiW
Boston Elev. # ..14O Dom Coal... 65
£ Y/N H & Ti . . 195% Franklin .......' ri^
Fitchburg pfd 130 IsIeRoyale.. 71J
Union Pacific... 70% Mohawk .....¦"" 4 cS?
M " Central 12% Old ' Dominion. ..! n' 1
Miscellaneous— Orceola p 0 i4
Amer Sugar 124 Parrot *»?
Do Pfd 124 Qulncy- '.'.'.¦.¦ Zk
Amer Tel & Tel.. 125% Santa Fe Copper 1%
Dom Iron & S... 8% Tamarack ... 112
Gen-Electric 174 Trinity ...:... 5
Mass Electric... 22 United States....' lot''
Do pfd 79 Utah .. 34 *
United Fruit 98 Victoria .... '"" iiz
US Steel 11% Winona ." es?
Do pfd 57% *•¦
LONDON CIX)SIXG STOCKS
Cons for -money.. S8% m. K &" Tex ' iRi'
Do for acct .'... 88% N Y Central "'."ilk
Anaconda 3% Xor & West noil
Atchison e»% do pfd.f s !:::;: 2S %
• Do pfd : i>2 Ont & -Wet oow I
Bal & Ohio...... 82% Pennsylvania""" S7«!
Can Pacific ..<..12O^ R Padlng a 2ii7 ¦
Ches &. Ohio.:... 34% Do 1st pfd..!" 401I
Chi Great West.. 17% D o 2d pfd as' 4
Chi. Mil & St P.147% So Railway ":::;• 22%
|S? . pfd >/".-.-.-.: S% Un D°o n p^ c ! fl ?-- 5$
Do 1st pfd 69U O 8 Steel ..[ n»;
Do 2d pfd. ..... 49% Do pfd. ... nflS
III Central ...... 135' Wabash . 21
Louis & Nash. ...111% Do DM...! 40
Bar silver— Unsettled. 26%d per ounce' '
Money— 2%@3 per cent ' ;
The rate of discount in the open market fnr
short bills t Is 3V 4 e3% per cent and X?"hr£
months' bills 3% per cent. ' • .
New York Grain and Produce. !
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— FLOUR— Reeeinfn
22.175 barrels; sales. 9200 packages. " Market
ruled quiet, but firm and partly higher Win
u r^*'f&k 15@1 30; Minnes ° t » *>**££:
WHEAT— Receipts. 26.325 bushels • . exnorts
7900 bushels; sales, 3,250,000 bushds futuW
Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 91c elevator; No red'
95c t. o..b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Dulath'
$1 00U t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba I
nominal f. o. b. afloat. Optlpns opened eaav
on the peace outlook abroad and the easier
consols, but meeting, strong speculative bud
port at Chlcagq turned firm toward middav '
advancing to high points of the season later"i
in response to bad crop news from the South- '
trest.' The close was strong at %c net advance
Ma*. '91 3-16@92V,c, closed 02^0; July 87i/fffl
88?.-lCc, closed 88Hc. I - >J 8<y *®
HOPS— Firm. . ,;' * ' -
HIDES— Firm. •¦¦ . . . / ' } .
WOOL— Firm. . -' - .
• PETROLEUM — Steady.
SUGAR — Raw, quiet-;- fair refining, - 2T«c'*
centrifugal, 86. test, ¦ 3%c; molasses . suzar'
2%c: refined, dull. ¦ - . ,. *
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 lnvolca,"8c*
mild, steady; Cordova, 8%@13Uc ' The maN
ket for coffee futures closed net 5 points lower
to K ¦ points ' higher. , Sales were reported ' of
110.000 bags.' including: • January, 7.25c- Feb
ruary, 7.30c; March, 7.40@7.45c; -May. 7 7O4J
7.75c; July. 7.95c: September. .8.1 0«8.20o: No
vember, 8.3068.35c; December. 8.35@8.45c": ¦
ij^lTiS . DRIED " FRUITS. - - - .. ,
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet under a light demand.' Common are
quoted at 4@5c, prime at S^gS'ic, choice'
5%@6c. and fancy, 6%«?7c- . ,. ,.
PRUNES — Are quiet locally and the under
; tone seems a shade easier than yesterday. Quo
tations range from 3%c to 6V-c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Are meetins with Eome fciibiiis
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS:
demand end rule steady. Choice, SHJJSiHSe:
extra choice^ 9 %@ 10 Vic, and ¦ fancy. ll@15c. .
PEACHES— Are . quiet: choice, 7^4@73ic; ex
tra choice, 7%@S*4c, <and fancy, SfrlOc. ¦' ;* j
i . m Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 19.— The crowd In the wheat
pit was bearish at times on an improved out
look regarding the war situation. The peace
ful utterances ¦ of the Czar were reflected in a
fair advance in the price of British ..consols,
which tended to relieve anxiety in the minds
of shorts'. To give further assurances prices
in foreign grain markets were lower. As a
I result opening Violations here were easy. May
being- unchanged ¦ to *4c lower at 88%c t&
SS%c. During the ear,ly part of the session j
there was considerable selling by professionals I
and prices were inclined .toward lower levels.
Support by the leading long, however, pre
vented any. great loss. At the. end of an hour
talk of a big flour _; demand • at Minneapolis
appeared to affect, ¦¦tile sensitive local shorts.
Those who had,8old, % on the early bearish news
subsequently wanted the wheat back, but
found to therr sorrow that offerings were' not
forthcoming.- The "result was that the market
asfcumed a . bullish aspect and prices started
upward. The market was further strength
ened by the announcement of a decrease of
."{,010,000 bushels in the world's visible supply
figures. The strength in outside markets also
deepened the feeling of conviction in the. minds
of many traders that long side was the safe
side of wheat. ..In consequence an active de
1 mand r>revaM*d the remainder of the session.
On the advance May -sold up to 90c, and
though there was heavy realizing at that flg
- ure, offerings were well taken and the close
was strong' at M)%@-90c.
Corn was weak early, those nouses which
have been active on the bull side of late sell
ing on a fairly large scale. May later sold up
. to 4UT4c.and closed at 49?iijS49%c.
Oats were much' easier. The elcs* was firm,
(¦with May a shade higher at 41%@41%c, after
I selling between 41%c and 41%c. •
ij Provisions had a firm undertone and busi
ness ;was of. a' good volume. There was buy-
I ing by commission houses for Investmentsac
!* count and at the same time a good deal of '
[ selling by holders ¦ with profits on the hard
j spots. An advance of 5<gl0c in prices for hogs
helped to strengthen the sentiment, while the
higher prices in grains' were '-a late bull. The
close was firm, with May pork 2*£c higher at
$13 '20. May lard was up Tifcc at $7 17»£; ribs
unchanged af $6 'e'Vfc. J . i = .- -.- -.
The leading futures ranged- as follows: <-V~.
Articles — \ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat' No. 2 — ...
May 8S% 90 »88%' 00
July ..."../ 82% 83** 82% 83^
September 79& -.79% 7S% 79>A
Corn No. 2 —
January ....;.. 45% 45% ' 45V4 ' 451i
¦*~May 4D& 497^ 4& y , 49 £
July .............48 . 48^ -41%~- 48$
Oats Xo. 2 — ; ¦ • -. -• . : • :
July 37% 37%- 37% 37%.
September ..... 33& 33% 33*4 33%
January > - .... ' ...* 39
May 41% 41%. 41% 41%
. Mess Pork, per bbl.— ¦.-•-.
January '..{ 12 85
May 13 20-13 35 13 IT V4 13 20
Lard, rer 100 lbs.— -...-. ¦'.;•..*
January « 87& 6 92% 6 87# 6 92VJ
May ;. 7 10 7 20 7 10 7 17%
July 7 20 7 25 7 15 7 25
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs. — • j -.,•".
January 8 37%
May .6 70 6 72% 6 65 "6 67%
July 6 80. 6 80 6 75 % 6 77%
Cash quotations were as follows : Flour,
firm; No. » 2 spring wheat, 83%@87c; No. 3
7S@86c; No. 2 red, S5@00c; No. 2 corn, 4ti"4c;
No. 2 yellow, -ISe; No. 2 oats, 39@39%c; No. 3
white, 39%@41c;No. -2 rye, 55c; good feeding
barley, : 4O@12c; • fair to. choice • malting, 47®
BSe: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 05; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 10@l 11; prime timothy seed. $3 25; mess
pork, per bbl. $13 05@13 07%; lard, per -JOO
lbs., $6 82%; Short, ribs sides (loose), $6 27%
<g<5 32%; short clear sides (boxed), $6 62%@
I 6 65;, whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clo
i ver, contract grade, $11 25.
Articles — \ . . Receipts. ; Shipments.
Flour, bbls 33,800 39,000
Wheat, bu ..;... 43.S00 .27.500
Corn, bu ...V .....518,100 . " 214,900 1
Oats, bu ;.. 285,600 173,000 !
Rye, bu 12,500 " : "' 15,100
Barley, bu .8,700 # . 62,500
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter I
market was Eteady; creameries, 16<£21c; dai
ries, 13iff-19c: egg*, steady at mark, cases in
cluded, 25(g27c; cheese, eteady, 10@J0%c. :
Foreign Futures!
LIVERPOOL, r.
Wheat— ' . ~ / ¦ March. May.
Opening ......; 6 5% 6-4%
Closing 6 4% 6 4)4
PARIS.
Wheat — . Jan. May- Aug.
Opening 21 20 21 30
Closing .....'..:.¦. 2120 21 3u
Flour — .. ' ' ; v . ¦ .• . . . .
Opening .'. 29 45 2S 75 .
Closing ..'........ ...29 45 28 80
- Available Grain Supply: '¦ ;
1 -NKW- YORK. <: Jan. 19, — Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad- j
street's ehow the following changes in avail-'
able supplies as compared with the previous i
account:,. . " j
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of 1
the Rockies; increased 290,000 bushels: afloat !
for and in Europe, decreased 4, 2C0.0C0 bushels;
total supply,- decreased 3.410,000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, -east of the
Rockies, decreased 14,000 bushels. ¦ ' . - -
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased 200,000 bushels.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
I CHICAGO, Jan. 19— CATTLE — Receipts,
6O0O. Slow, steady. Good to prime steers,
$5 15@5 SO; poor to medium, $3 50@4 65;
fitockers and feeders $2 25Q4 15; cows $1 50
; <g4 25; heifers, $2<S5; canners, $1 506"" 45;
, bulls, $2@4 10; calves. $3 50@« 50
! .A*?/ 38 — Recel P ts to-day. 20,000; to-morrow,
: 40,000. Mixed and butchers", $4 75(55- good to
I choice heavy, $4 05@5 (,5; roujch heavy. $4 7<>
1 ©4 90; light. $4 50@4 S5; bulk of sale*. $4 70
, @4 95.
; SHEEP— Receipts, 15.000. Sheep and lambs
dull and lower. Good to choice wether*. $;{ 90
m 40; fair to choice mixed, $3@3 60; Western
sheep, $3. 5004 40;. native lambs, $4 50fi5 00-
Western .lambs, $4 25<g5 90. • . .
New York Metal Market.,
NEW YORK. Jan: 19.— The London tin
! market recovered part of its yesterday's loss,
spot being 15s higher at £130 6s, while futures !
gained 17s* 6d to £130 17s fid. Locally tin
.was a shade lower, with spot closing $28 50*329 !
- Copper advanced 12s Cd to £57 17s Od for I
! spot and to £57 10s for futures in the London i
; market, but remained nominally unchanged'
here. Lake is quoted at $12 75@13; electrolytic
$12 62%@12 87%. and casting at 512 50®12 75!
Load advanced 2s 6d to £11 16s in London
Spelter declined 2s Cd to £21 10s in London.
Locally spelter was unchanged, closing at
$4 55@4 eo.
Iron closed at 49s 9d in Glasgow and at 42s
In Middlesboro. Locally Iron was nominal.
Xo. 1 foundry. Northern, is quoted at' $15!S16:
No. 2 foundry. Northern, at $14@15;' No. 1
foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry Southern
soft, at 513 75@14 25. •
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK> Jan. 19. — The cotton" market
clored steady, with prices net 13 to 24 points
'higher. ' - \ • - ¦ . .¦¦:-..¦ ,¦ -
Northern .Business.
SEATTLE, Jan. lD^Clearings, $789,806
balances. $122,843. " - . •
•. TACOMA. "¦ Jan. ..-. 19. —Clearings, $368,601;
balancHS, . $45.45S. . ..'-.- - . :
PORTLAND. Jan. 19. — Clearings, $589,504;
baloneys. $10,000: • . .
SPOKANE. Jan. - 10.— Clearings, $318,837;
balances, $75,211. * •
Northern Wheat Market. •
:¦: \ ,. V
....,; OREGON. . -¦ -',
PORTLAND. Jan. 19.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, 77c; Blueetem, 78c: Valley, 78@80c.
' WASHINGTON. ;
TACOMA, Jan. ,19.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
Blucstem, 79c; Club, 75<v. ¦••7V
- . Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Jan/ 19. — 'With many buyers In
the nelrf business in the wool market has been
moderately, good the past week. ¦ The • market
remains firm. "There Is a dispostion to ask for
higher prices, but manufacturers are Inclined
to hold back at any advance.
The market for Territorial wools' shows a
feir demand, with values well maintained for
all grades. For pulled wools the market holds
firm, withthe call steady.. •• • -...._:
Quotations— Idaho, -fine, . 15@16c; heavy fine,
13«*14e: fine medium. 16@17c: medium. 17%0
18c. 'Wyoming— Fine, 15@16c; heavy fine, • 13®
14c: fine medium, i 16@17o; medium, 18@19c.
, Utah and'. Nevada— Fine, ; 5(3 l«c;. heavy fine.
13#14o: flne medium, 16%@17c; medium, -19®
20c. . Montana— Fine choice, 19i5i:20c; fine me
dium- choice, ' 19@20c; average. 18®19c; staple,
10§20c; medium choice, 19©20c. ¦ .
• St; .Louis. Wool .Market.
ST.- LOUIS, Jan.- 19.— -WOOL— Steady. '', Me
dium 'grades, combing arid clothing. 17«|21c;
light fine.- 15©18%c: heavy fine. 12@14%c; tub
washed, 20©31c .
¦London Wool' Sales. .• ,
LONDON. Jan/ 10.— The first series of 1904
wool auction | sales opened ( to-day. There was
a very large attendance. , A good selection,' con
sisting of 85«2 bales, was = offered. -All grades
rul^d In sellers! favor. Cane of ¦ Good Hope
and Natal wtre firm: and' sold -_ well, to home
ami German buyers, snow whites at unchanged
prices and greasy. unchanged' to 5 per cent ad-
vance. A ' moderate supply of scoureds was
taken chiefly by continental buyers. Merinos
and fine •; crossbreds were unchanged. Good
crossbreds j were . unchanged. Medium cross
¦breds were 5 to 7Vj per cent higher and coarse
grades were 10 per cent dearer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,, JANUARY '20, 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteea-
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
p£p AT
ARCADE HORSE MARKET, 327 SIXTH ST.
v>: THIS DAY.
f WEDNESDAY. January 20. at 11 a. m.
I will sell to highest bidder all of th»
HORSES and BUGGIES belonging to the lat«
Dr. Jerome Anderson, deceased, consisting of
4 horses. 1 doctor's buggy. 1 trap. 1 surry. 1
bike b-JSgy. 4 sets of harness.
ALSO 35 Rood 'ALL PURPOSE HORSE3
and MARES..
Every horse must be as represented or money
refunded.
JOH?i"J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
A. H.ANDERSON, the Auctioneer
Having secured the premises of 19 TURK ST..
NEAR MARKET, where he will hare a sales-
room that Is unsurpassed, as well aa 4000
square, feet of storase room, ts now prepared,
to receive consignments of FURNITURE.- etc..
and will buy sell and exchange UP-TO-DATE
FURNITURE. CARPETS. ETC; Lodging-
houses bougHt sold and exchanged. Present
office room 26." 806 Market st.; tel. Main -1S53.WASHINGTON. Jan. 19.-— An "estimate' of
SSC2.375 ':for : the - naval station ' at • Olongapo,
P. 'I.; 'Was transmitted, to; the -House to-day
from Secretary Moody. '¦ i '/ ''..- , . •
¦ Reduced rates ' on r household • to ' &" from
the East & South/ Bekin's.'ll Montgomery ! st. •
Some very, swell*,' wedding invitations . come
from Knowles.. 24 Second street. '¦ Main. 58S. •
' WASHINGTON. Jan. • 19.— Senator Penrose
to-day Introduced a bill to prohibit the Use of
the'mails in* the conduct" ; of " various chain
coupon and chain investment schemes. *
| ADAMS' Irl*h Moss ; Couth Balsam helps
from the first dose,' cures In a day. 25c. 60c. •
f The trial of - the suit of Ernest g B.
Liridskog against '. the American Can
Company was .begun yesterday before
a jury in the United' States Circuit
Court The -action was brought . to
recover $10,000* damages for "the loss"
of the first joint of , the right forefin
ger of the plaintiff.-
Suit for Injuries.
Crisp snow, ice like, glass, and safe, every
day throughout the winter at Reno, '..Nevada.
Week-end excursions while; It lasts, going Fri
day or Saturday-. "and; returning Monday or
Tuesday; round trip. Including. one day's enter
tainment at .either Riverside . or : Overland Ho
tel, only. $11: 15. An opportunity to -enjoy the
winter sports; of the East, but-set in Califor
nia's, grand Sierra scenery. Full information
from Southern Pacific ticket, agents. •
Let's Go Skating.
When asked as to the condition of
affairs in Zibh City, Newcomb made the
following statement: • \ %<<,if'
"Things are in' a prosperous condi
tion. Our enterprises, such as the lace
making, brick yards and candy, factory,
are doing well. ' Our property is valued
at i$2$,000,000." 8 There was -no • need^.pf /a"
receiver . being. ; appointed. It -.was '/all
spite "work and tKe* receivership w"as set
aside*in a ; jfe\\^days/. Dr.'Dowie dldnot
make a failure 'of . his crusade .'in v -Ne'w
York City. He did 'not solicit, funds
from his people in that, city, or in Zion
City, to help him out.". .
Newcomt) was asked if it was not
a fact that all'the property in, Zion
City was in the : name of " Dowie as a
m-lvate citizen -and he sa:d:
"Ye*s, that is so; everything: is in Dr.-
Dowie's nameV-but' those who have in
vested have faith, and "are also, secured.
The property; will eventually to
those who invested..-- Dr. Dovvie j has
made his will," leaving 95 per cent :of
the property to his successor.' - He only
DISCUSSES ZIOX CITY,
Dowie's secretary was then asked as
to what charity^ Dowie or his officials
had extended since they had arrived. in
California. '., Newcomb answered the
question by putting another and said: '
. "What charity have you ever done?"
He'iwas informed thaUJiIs interviewer
did not put himselflSti Tne , same flnan-'
cial plane as that of Dr. pdwie^. but
was also told that newspaper men very
often assisted the needy. Pressed^ for
an answer as to Dowie's charity New
comb answered: aj - . ¦'.' i ¦ ¦
"Just what Dr. Dowie has done in the
way of ' charity is a personal matter
and I decline to answer questions con
cerning it." .
"I don't knpw' what Christ- might, do
if hejreturned fo ear.th;" was ; the -an
swer o'f Dr. Dowie's representative. . ] ;
"\Vhen pressed for a definite answer,
Dowie's secretary answered: ' ¦ : ,,
% "Well, I thlrik that Christ ; 'i would,
avail himself of the luxuries., of k the
present day. *. Times have changed
since .Christ was on earth.' Our busi
ness . squires .that .Dr. Dowie should
stop, at» this hotel."
When aek'ed \yhat_the nature of the
business was Newcomb. replied that it
was a personal matter and refused ' to
explain.- '¦¦• '.'""¦' .. • ,'. -:-\-
"Do think, that Christ and his
disciples would. travel in a private car,
occupy expensive rooms ; ;.t the leading
hotel and partake of. a JTSrluncheon?"
was. asked of -Newcompl ; ¦¦':-
Evades Xeading Question.
low the teaching of Christ?" was then
asked of Newcomb.
"The jioctor and his followers prac
tice tne teachings of Christ absolutely,"
he answered.
not concern the ¦ newspapers or the
public. He finally apologized for losing
his, temper and^expressed '¦ pleasure at
meeting ' the : newsisaper; men of" San
Francisco. -;"¦) ".
""'Newcomb frequently lost-' his, temper
while being interviewed* and said that
the, private business' of Dr.* Dowie did
"Dr. Dowie secured an option on 6600
acres of .land where. : Zion ; City is lo
cated. He paid a small deposit on the
option. He formed the Zion ; Lahd and
Investment Association. - It ; is not in
corporated. ¦ . Dr. Dowie: sold, consider
able of the land. The prices' averaged
$500 a lot. The purchasers'-made money.
.The lots 'were sold . under a; lease of
1100 years. Dr. Dowie paid on an aver-,
age of $200 an acre for the land and
sold it; for '$2000 to $10.006,an;acre. That
is how Dr. Dowie has ; his own private
fortune."
k Ylt is not true that the wife and son
of Dr. Dowie took many millions with
them to Australia.. They are now In
that country, but they did not take any
large" Bum of money with them."
..New.comb was then tasked if it was
riot possible for Dr. 'Dowie 'ta dispose of
.the. various busines"s~ enterprises in
Zion* City, as they*-vere\ in his own
name and that he could sell them if
he so desired. ' ' /* ./
'He replied that Dowie could do so,
but that he would not'do sq,.as his in
terests were,, bound up with those of his
followers. ' • *'*'<
owhs 5 per cent of all the property.
Dr. Dowie is worth possibly a million
and a quarter. He made it out of his
investments; He is ntit paid a salary.
Some of the "officials are paid a salary,
but- 1 decline to say what the amounts
are. That is a personal matter. /'
HOW DOWIE MADE MOXEY.
"Certainly," he replied. "I know of
many instances ¦ where faith cured se
rious illness. We ' have- no practicing
doctors or drug .6tores4n-Zion City. A'
few months ago. a follower was injured
by a 1200-pouncl 'iron w-eisht' falling on
'. "m ~nd crushing his leg. An elder
prayed over him and the j bones fell
into place and the man -was quickly
cured. I did, not see the accident,* but
I knew the.man i and saw him after he
was cured." *? , - -•' ;,*¦;"
Newcomb was : then * asked if Dr.
Dowie could^cure .aijy person^in Sah
Francisco who might be : .unfortunate
enough to berun over an mangled by
a street car and" he replied : -¦ ¦
"Not unless the injured person had
faith and then it would depend o: the
will of God."
Newcomb was then informed "that a
citizen of San '.Francisco had" offered
the suni of $10,000 in gold if Drl'.Dowie
could. cure any member ,of- his. church
who misfit be .injured. in ; a street car
or railroad accident and was asked if
Dowie would accept the offer. ' V.
"I do' not claim. that Dr. Dowie could
cure' such a case,"., he replied. '." "It
would all depend on the -vill of God."
"Dc. Dr." Dowie and his followers : fol-
"Do you and Dr. Dowie t believe that
faith will cure-sickness and: any acci
dent to the body ?"„ was then. asked of
Newcomb. " " ¦: " ' ¦ . - ' "
TKLLS OF FAITH CURE.
in charge in Southern California; Dea
con Ernest Williams, stenographer and
photographer, and three servants.
"When. a request was. made that Dow
ie be interviewed, his secretary. Arthur
W. Xewcomb, met the representatives
of the newspapers.
"Dr. Dowie is busily engaged in the
business of the church," said Deacon
Newcomb, "'but he says that if. the boys
will be good and write nice things
about him he may consent to grant an
interview to-morrow."
When Newcomb was asked if it was
not possible to secure information con
cerning the Zion City movement, he
replied: .* ' '. .
"Dr. Dowie has- asked me to-repre
sent him. I will answer all questions
for him and he wants you, to fully un
derstand that whatever I say is the
same as if he had said it." '
With this understanding Deacon
Newcomb replied to "many ; questions
put to him. He declared, that Dowie
had a following of 100,000 -in the world
ard that 10,000 were now living in Zidn
City, III..' which' is- rf6rty r tTvo miles
north of Chicago .on Lake Michigan.
Asked as to wliat Dowie's mission
really was, Newcomb replied:
"It is for the -benefit of the people of
the whole world: jWe are now preach
ing the gospel to the.people andt-teach
ing repentance, : restitution, salvation,
healing and nonliving;." '- :.
"What is the difference between'the
teachings <jf. Dr. .• Dowie ; and those' of
Mrs. Eddy of -the "Christian Science
church?" was asked- of Newcomb.
"She claims that j there ; is ¦ no : such
thing as sin, while : Dr.J)(Jwie says that
sin exists on this and 1 .- that it
can only be wiped -out by faith,"*/was
the reply. .." *' s '..- . :i ":' . '".""
JOHN ALEXANDER DOWIE.
THE SBLR-STYLEDV ELI
JAH, IX ACTION. V
Three waiters were kept busy bring
in?: the food from the hotel kitchen to
Dowie's private apartments. "When the
iBjscbeon was finished, the waiters
stated that they ha«' been rewarded
with a prospectus of Dowie's Land As
sociation at Zion City. 111.
No or.e was allowed to see Dowie
after Mr had partaken of this lunch,
that was said to have cost $75 for the
party. H«> k<=-pt in his apartments and
with his retinue paj-took of dinner be
fore he left In the evening to deliver
an address at tfip Alhambra Theater.
The Dowie party consisted of four
teen persons on its arrival. It com
prised Dowie, the head of the Zion
church, and the following officials:
Overseer J. G. Excel], general ecclesi
astical secretary; V. V. Barnes.. Judge,
of Zion City and general counsel to
Dowie; Deacon Daniel Sloan, auditor
and inspector general: Deacon Carl F.
Stern, .personal attendant to Dowie:
Deacon J. F. Peters, superintendent of
transportation and railroad: Deacon
Arthur W. Newnmb, peneral associate
editor of Zion publications and secre
tary to Dowie; D n G. F. Lupton.
assistant central passenger agent of
the Pan Antonio and Aransas Pass
Kaihoad. who is in charge of the party:
Mifs Sarah H. Hill and Miss Anna T.
Rcfkirt. evangelists of Los Angeles
Fourteen persons comprised the
Dowie party, and three waiters were
kept ousy in serving the viand?. While
a number uf poor people who claimed
to be followers of Dowio waited to see
him p?ss out of the hotel, the '•Elijah"
and his retinue sat in a superb apart
ment at the Palace enjoying a costly
lum-heon. , i
Dowie is traveling in princely style.
'lie cair.e across the continent accom
panied by a retinue <>f officials of his
church and passed over the steel rails
in z sumptuously furnished private car.
On arriving in San Francisco. Dowie
and his party were driven to the .Pal
ace Hotel, where four suites of rooms
ha<i been reserved for them on the
second flof>r, fa< ir.K Market street. ;
Dctrle denied himself to newspaper
rer^'rUis All requests for an inter
view, were rofusrd, and the secretary
of the j elf -styled '"Elijah" conveyed
-«. message to the newspaper men from
Dowie to the effect -that if the boys
were sood and wrote nice things about
him In the morning he misht consent
to an interview later on before his de
parture for Australia."
- Many persons wh<_- were desirous of
eeeins Duwle at the Palace Hotel were
disappointed. " He senl^word to all call
ers that the ""business of the church
Occupied all his time." Dowie and his
retinue, however, spent two hours in
a. r : 'ivat<* apartment in the afternoon,
discussinp: a bountiful luncheon.
PARTAKE OF $75 LIXCH.
James Alexander Dowie. who calls
himself "Elijah the Reformer" and
•Genera! Overseer 5 !' of "The Christian
Catholic Church «<f Zion."' arrived in
San Francisco yesterday morning on
a trip around the world. He will go
to Australia next.
Party Travels in Special
Car and Lives in
Splendor.'
Overseer of Zion Cily Is
Accompanied by a
Large Staff.
Leader of^New Sect Meets
Opposition at Pub
licr Meeting,
Disorder, Marks Gather
ing at Alhambra
: Theater.
Dr. Dowie held a meeting last even
ing at tfie Theater, which
was attended by an audience composed
of those who believe in his teachings
and those who came there to scoff and
object. The theater was ai)out two
thirds filled andthe cold draughts that
swept through the building did not con
duce to comfort. " -
Dowie and his official staff appeared
on the platform about 7:30 and were
guppoited by some of the members of
4he local branch of- the Zion. Church.
Dowie presided at the meeting and
while his . associates were engaged at
the opening in singing, hymns he spent
his time in opening and reading letters.
¦ Dowie delivered a short address to
the gathering shortly after the^pening
in which he devoted himself exclusively
to the newspaper representatives pres
ent. ¦ .' ' '
"I want you," he said, "to tell just
what happens here to-night. I don't
want you to say anything as to what
you think.* Tell r just what occurs here
to-night. I don't want your opinions.
The newspapers in New York Tied
about me. They told awful lies. Now
if you fellows down there will tell the
truth we will get along all right."
After the short; exhortation from
Dowie the audience sang a number of
hymns and then Dowie faced the au
dience while he held a copy of a book
in his hand which had been distributed
among, those present.
, DOWIE NEEDS THE BOOKS.
"We need these books in Australia,"
said Dowie, "and when you are through
.with them t to-night I want you to leave
them in your seats."
j Dowie then proceeded to call upon
those in the .audience who he claimed
had been cured by him during his pre
vious residence in this city. A number
of old men and. women answered the
call and stood up . in the body of the
building; Dowie asked them to -^step
up to the stage and they responded.,;
After. thirty-two old men and women
had crept up to the stage .Dowie pro
ceeded to question some of. the subjects.
He asked them as to their ailments and
prompted them to. tell how doctors had
failed to. cure, them of serious diseases
and how he, Dowie, had instantly cured
them by laying his hands on them and
playing over them.
The audience was' divided in its re
ception of the information presented by
Dowie. When he- asked, "Are you satis
fied?" there arose equal . shouts of
"Yes" and "No."
There was considerable disorder in
the" theater during the time that six
old women were questioned by Dowie.
He asked them to tell how they had
been "afflicted and cured. The old
women, some of them in faltering
tones that bespoke senility, informed
the audience that they . had suffered
from various ailments, including can
cer of'* the mouth, tuberculosis, ulcer
of the arm and severe nervous pros
tration, ?as well as internal hemor
rhages, that defied prominent medical
'men.
OLD WOMEN TELL STORIES.
Then the old women went on to tell
the audience! prompted by Dowie, that
when he, Dowie, had met them and
placed his hands, upon them they had
been instantly cured of their ailments
and that they had enjoyed many years
of good health since that time.
Dowie* who is a short and fat man,
lacking any personality or, magnetism,
and who speaks with ji pronounced
cockney accent, then strutted up and
down the stage. He waved his hands,
and, putting -his ~ glasses on his nose,
shouted in a. weak" voice^' :
• "Are you satisfied with this evidence
of my powers?"
. Those who believed in the self-styled
Elijah replied. "Yes" and an equal
volume of "noes" arose from all parts
of the house. ,"*.>«:"
"ph, "you are not satisfied?" -said
Dowie.' "Will any one tell' me his rea
sons?"
• A number of men arose in various
parts of the .building, and fired ques
tions at Dowie. The questioners claim,-,
ed that Dowie's curative powers might
be those of suggestion, or. that the sub
jects presented were senile or had an
object in testifying.;'*; — '
DOWIE IS INTERRUPTED.
"You shut up. Mr. Suggestion," said
Dowie to a man in the gallery, and
"you sit down, Mr. Doubtful,? he. said
to another •in the' orchestra.
"It is a shame and a disgrace," con-
tfnued Dowie. "that any one should
seek to disprove the evidence .pre
sented. What is that? You say 'that
one of the subjects had a brother who
was employed by me? Well, suppose
her brother was employed by me. He
was h faithful man. He has passed to
heaven and it is a shame and a dis
grace that you should come here and
scon!' at this lady or her -brother, who
served me faithfully. Sit down, shut
up; I am running this meeting. I wilf
teach you fellows to laugh. Don't you
think that you are running this meet
ing. Shut up or get out; I won't al
low any interruptions.!*
For two hours this sort of thing con
tinued. Dowie would question the old
women who claimed to have been cured
by him during his previous residence in
San Francisco. They would tell of
their ailments and their alleged cures
by Dowie, and when he asked it the
audience was satisfied - and . negative
answers would be given he would allow
no discussion, but order those who dfd
not believe to "shut ui" or "leave the
house*." •
AUDIENCE IS DIVIDED.
When -Dowie was asked as to his
recognition of "an allege ~ case of can
cer of the mouth, he answered:
'I recognized it by its smell. You
cannot mistake the tmell of a caso of
capcer. I -recognized it just as I rec
ognize the smell of a stinkpot to-night
in this audience. That is your an
swer; it. is sufficient for you. Now are
you satisfied?"
A volume of "noes" arose from all
parts of the theater and a number of
persons left the building.
Dowie paced up and down the plat
fcrm and cried out at the top of ; his
voice." " t
"The evidence Is too much for them,
that is why they are leaving. I don't
care for them. What do I c?re for
those who scon! at the word oZ God ?
Let me tell you about :i u n City. It 'Is
between beer and babel. Beer Is Mil
¦ .ukee and Babel is Chica-o. We
don'., have a drop of distilled fire or
liquid damnation; in Zion City. I came
hera to-night to answer th^ charges of
Rev. Dr. Bovard that I have nev :•
cured any'sickness by the laying on of
h Is. He has claimed th,at ever since
I have known his r.ame. I \3oi: t care
for doctors, either of the -uurch Sr the
medical profession. They all ccoff at
liny teachings." The medical doctors are
not needed in Zion City. "We djn't
want them to, bring bab'.:a in'.o the
world or to take babies 01. t of the
world." .
THE CRUSADE IX NEW YORK.
Dowie then proceeded to tell of his
recent crusade in New York City. He
declared that the crusade was a com
plete success and that he had not lost
any money, by the movement. :
. "My people," he said, "paid tjieir own
expense's, and: I spoke to 30,000 a day
and 100,000 could not gain entrance to
the hall. We intend to go back to New
York in 1905, and we will be 10,000
strong . instead of 3000.
•1 have never taken a cent* from my
followers for my services In the last six
years. I am the largest contributor, to
Zion City, because the Lord has : been
good to me." ! ' -¦ '
Dowie then closed his address by
saying he would speak agrain to-night
before he left to-morrow with his party
for Australia. - '
When Dowie and his party reached
the hotel they sought theirapartments
and refused to receive any person.
DOWIE, THE SELF-STYLED "ELUAH THE REDEEMER," ARRIVES
AND TAKES UP LUXURIOUS QUARTERS AT THE PALACE HOTEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY SO! 190*:
16
Gas heaters. .formerly $4.50, now,$2.50,
at San'Frahcisc'o Gas arid'Electfic Com-
, pany,' 415/Posfstreet." * '" •
HOUSEKEEPING GOODS
• SPECIAL VALUES
Two cazGs Extra Size WHITE BED SPREADS, hemmed
ready lor usa • • • • • $1.25 Bach
.Ten cases Full Size BED COMFORTERS, printed S!lk-
oline covering with Snowflake filling.. $1.25 Each
Three cases ALL-WOOL WHITK BLANKETS, size suit-
able .for thres-guarter hsds ...... ... .$3.75 Bach
One case LACE CURTAINS in White, Ecru, Arabian,
Renaissance and Madras; ah new designs..'. .......
... .^.$3.00 Pair
One Gase BLEACHED DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, sizes
8-4, 8-10 and 8-12; prices
$2.50,$3.50 and $4.00 Each
These we have Napkins to match each design. . I
One hunirel dozen Hemmsd HUCK TOWELS, full s/z8-
and warranted Pure Linen $2.00 Dozen
j One hundred and fifty dozen Extra Size Hemmed anl
Hemstitched LINEN. HUCK' TOWELS, assorted
borders ... — $3.OO Dozen
v Onecase BLEACHED DOUBLE DAMASK NAPKINS, full
dinner size... : $2.50 Dbzen
Two. hundrei dozen BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK
NAPKINS^extra lar'ue size and about 12 different
designs..... $3.50 Dozen
We will also have on sale this week our first shipment
of 36-INCH PRINTED P£RCALES N and a large assort-
ment Of NEW JAPANESE- WASH CREPES.
fwj/*"X'Tpi3> Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
l^lV^r 1 E-^ All orders for samples or goods filled
- and shipped same, day they are received.
ill, 118, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET*
A33 9 EBT ISEMEiria.
DEVILS
Are little; Patches of Eczema
on the Skin, Scalp, :
Hands , :
Which arc , Instantly Relieved
and Speedily Cured by warm ,
baths with Cdtlctira Soap
and gentle applications bf Ctt -
tictfra Ointment, the great
Skin' Cure, to be followed in
severe cases by mild doses of
Ctfttetnra P£Hs.
Complete Local »nd Constitutional Treat-
-mcat mar, bow be had o( all dru grists for
One Dollar. A single set is often sufficient to
cure the most distressing cases. -
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
I TIME I
I IS j
SHORT
H- You Had better i
j take advantage |
|j of the marvelous |
IS HO El
1 ***** * | V**^ Lnc |
jj BARGAINS AT THE 1
REMOVAL SALE
j OF KAST & GO,
' 1O4-UO GEARY ST. I
COME EARLY 1
and make your |
selection from A
| the best stock of" . |
[] shoes in this city I
I All At Greatly 1
| Reduced Prices |
$125 fg
I r or splendid lot; ready for building.
Right in the city; 5-cent carfare.
$1.00 £T k $1.00
H**liing down; water pipes in front
of each lot.
Ortatcst Opportunity liver Offered in
¦ • San Francisco.
. DON'T MISS IT!
Reis Tract Real Estate Co.
629 Parrott BIdfi. Over Emporium.
APVl^TISEMEiriS.
Try One of My
$1.00 Knives
Made of finest material. Best tempered
steel in the blades. Handle comes in
either t^arl ci buckhorn. Have three or
four blades. /
I also carry choice lines of etitl'ry in all
standard makes, such -as Wostenholan's.
Jordan's. Henckel's. Stiletto and other
makes. --;.:."
Kazors from SI .00 up.
Scissors as low as 25c.
Out of Town Orders Promptly FlU«d.
THAT MAN PITTS
-_•; :.;•; -. F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 MASXST ST.. Above Powell.
V SAN FRAXCISCO.
g^p^ A New
Discovery
GERMAN EYEpLAQS |||U1|_
CLEANERS. **9*^E^
Inilis-iifriKiblo -to Eyeglass M/G3£f^E*^
and . iiDcctacle wearer* By JrSiMr^l4
osins thl* cleaner there wiU .^Nffls^^
be NO MORE blurring nor. cloudy ntsion. It
gives the classes a brilliant polish and pre-
-vents them from icettins moist and greasy.
Price 10c each. 75c per dozen. $5.CK> per gross.
GEBMAH EYEWATEB. __
The greatest ey • remedy In the world., Prlc»
50c. by mail »J2c. H per doxen, $40.00 p«r gros».
HAVE YOU WEAK EYES?
or poos szaar? ¦
If so, nse Gcorsre l£ay«rl«'s Olm«» sad
German i:y«w«t«r.
They, rest an-i iii-rni'tnen the eyes, relleva
th» effain and iirenerve the aljsht.
GEOEGE MATXBLS, German Expert
Optician, " - • ¦
lOTt Marxet St.. San i-THncisco, near Seventh.
• ETES EXAMINED FKEE. Glasses by Ex-
preaa on Trial Before Paying Charges. ¦ >.;-¦¦¦
STIJDEBAKBtt
RROS.roMPAW j
We are again in our build-
ing at
Market and I Oth Streets
with a clean, up- tp -date
stock of vehicles. J
*IA/. T. HESS.
Wotery Public and* Attorneyl**-!**.
Tenth Klocr.^oom^lOlS.CUu. a V r«ck«ls bid*.
Re^dence .821* CanforpU^t.^tow Pow .n.
. H«siaenc« Talyphona Jaimi 1S01.
fl B ik I 4^ Ammunition. Hunting an*
ill HI V Sporting Goods. L*r*;st
Nil BVj stock. Lowest prices. Send
I I VI IB for catalogue
Wll \ffl BHRFVE & BAKBER CO..
73C Market sc. and 341
Kearay iU