PROTEST OF REYES
AND REPLY OF HAY
ARE MADE PUBLIC
CITY OK " MEXICO. Jan. : 18.— Jose
Esteva of^ Jalapa, in the'state of ;Vera
Cruz,** the ' f last surviving v member • 'of
Emperor,' Maximilian's Cabinet, Is
dead,;aged"J80 ; y£arsr /:. ""V\ -V-
Maximilian Cohort Dies.
Ttvo Deaths Occur ; During an ; Af ter-
noon at a Home Inj the County >
of Shasta. -
REDDING. Jan.; 18.— Mrs.7 William
Burke 1 and ; her"; ¦ 1 JP-y ear-old : daughter,
Maud, died to-dayj within 'five* minutes
of each " other at the Burke. • home,, one
rollefroOT the. town fof;sHasta4. The
attending : physician diagnosed the dis
ease as- tonsilitis.'-* ;_ I / '1
3IOTHER AND DAUGHTER t ;
PASS AWAY SUDDENLY
i With, this appropriation It is -pro
posed to j procure thirteen automatic
machine guns for use in sea coast forts
and 160 "one-pounder automatic pom
pom guns";- also 200 guns of a caliber
large enough to fire effective shrapnel;
700 "high velocity six-pounder guns."
-*' It is also proposedto procure 95,000
rounds of 'ammunition for the'."pom
pom" guns; 2000 rounds for the : field
guns and 50,000 rounds; for ¦ th« .«ix»
pounders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— A supple
mental estimate, for an appropriation
of $3,445,000 for "armament* for forti
fications" was transmitted to . the
House to-day by Secretary Root. :>' - -
Secretary ' - Submits an Estimate of
$3,445,000 to Congress to Pro
vide for Armaments.
MANY NEW GUNS ! FOR
' THE COAST DEFENSE
All Available Ships of the Asiatic
licet Will Be Ordered to Olonga
po for Maneuvers. •
:.TANILA. Jan. is. — Rear Admiral
Robley D. Kvan?, in command of the
United States Asiatic fleet, arrived
here to-day from Honolulu with the
batt!r«rl:ip squadron. The speed main
tnin«»d during the entire trip averaged
over twelve knots an hour. •
< n t ar 1 ster »n??. in command
of the Philippine squadron, has ar
r:vfd from Hongkong on the Rainbow,
and Rear Admiral Philip H. Cooper,
in command of the cruiser squadron
is erpectcd to arrive here with his
Fitips to-morrow. When the entire
fleet in Asiatic waters in assembled
«»v*ry available v*-»-*i will be ordered
in Okmgapo for maneuvers. Captain
Richardson Clover relieved Captain
Uriel S*bree of the command of the
* Wisconsin.
A.MERICAN WAR VESSELS
GATHERING AT 3HNTLA
Companies Refuse to Accept Risks at
Ordinary Premiums and Em
ployers Combine.
. MOSCOW. Jan. 18.— The law provid
ing compulsory compensation for fac
tory employes and miners in case of ail
accidents, one of the most important
measures of the present reign, has be
come effective. In the -event of death
an annuity j Is payable, not only t»
widowsJand legitimate children, but to
illegitimate children* and to mothers of
such chlMren and also to adopted chil
dren, the annuity to equal the wages of
iW days- per annum, wnereas the aver
age of working days only numbers 220.
As reliable statistics are not available
the 'insurance companies . refuse to Is
sue, accident policies except at enor^
moos premiums, so the employers com
bined for mutual insurance.
RUSSIA'S INSURANCE
LAW IS EFFECTIVE
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.— The Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomi
nations to the Senate:;
Receiver' of: public ""moneys- — Albert
A. Roberts, at La Grande, Or.
Postmasters^California— John W.
Wood, - Pasadena; E.I T. Ketcham.
Santa Maria. V
Nominations for Receiver of Moneys
and Postmasters Arc Sent to
; the Senate.
APPOINT3IENTS ARE
, 5IADE BY PRESIDENT
Thirty Persons T Are Drowned and
Much' Proper! jv Is In |
Orange - River : Colony.
BLOEMFONTEIN, ~ Orange ' River
Colony, Jan. 18.— About thirty persons
were drowned and three hotels and
176 houses destrbyedas the result of
a , bursting reservoir" here yesterday.
Hundreds of have been'ren
dered homeless and destitute by the
disaster. . '
DEATH AND 'DISASTER
BY RESERVOIR BREAK
"The Kansas City platform is sound
in every plank, and the first act of
the convention should be to reaffirm it
in its entirety, and its next act should
be the addition of new plank3 in har
mony with it and covering such new
questions as demand consideration.
Then the convention should nominate
candidates who believe in the plat
form." v -
LINCOLN, Neb.. Jan. 18. — A formal
welcome to W. J. Bryan on his return
from Europe,. in the form of a "dollar
dinner,',' was given to-night and was
attended by nearly 700 Democrats,
principally men in full sympathy and
accord with Bryan's political policies.
Bryan in a speech declared that the
Kansas City platform was sound in
every olank and must be reiterated,
and that the nomftiee3 of the St.
Louis convention' must be in accord
with that platform. Said he: "Shall
we abandon our advocacy of bimetal
lism in order to conciliate those who
defeated the party in other cam
paigns? Never! .'
Reaffirms His Advocacy of Bimetal
lism at the "Dollar
t Dinner."
BRYAN SOUNDS AVAR NOTE.
ings of Henry Weinhard and George
EX. Williams vs. the Commercial Na
tional Bank of Portland, Or., whose
stock was sold for failure to pay an
assessment of 50 per cent levied by the
directors on demand of Comptroller
Eckle^ in 1836. Justice Day said the
shareholders and not the directors
must d<*eide whether a bank shall
make the increase demanded or sus
pend operations.
"In this case," he concluded, "the
esppssment was made by the directors
without action by the shareholders,
and. not b^ing within the statute, was
void.** r. •-
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18. — The
United States Supreme Court rendered
an opinion to-day to the effect that
the shareholders and not the directors
of a bank shall decide whether an
assessment on stock shall be made
v. hen the Comptroller of the Currency
gives notice that the capital stock is
impaired.
The case grew out of the proceed-
Disposal of Shares by Directors on
railnre to Pay Assessment of
50 Cents Not Legal.
STOCK MUST BE SOLD
BY STOCKHOLDERS' VOTE
SAN JOSE. Jan. 18. — The organised
fruit growers who have been trying to
dissolve the Cured Fruit Association
scored a victory in Judge Hyland's
court this afternoon^ About a year
ago C. TV. Childs, W. P. Lyon and E.
T. Pettitt were appointed trustees by
the growers to bring action to dissolve
the defunct organization of the grow
ers. Over nine-tenths of the j prune
men's ' signatures were obtained to th«
petition, but President Wood and the
officers of the organization refused to
turn over the books to the liquidators.
The decision this afternoon Is a com
plete victory^for the growers. Judge
Hyland in his decision sustains the
growers in their action and order* the
directors to .turn affairs over to the
trustees.
Directors of San Jose Association Must
Turn Over the Control to
; i the Trustees. ft
FRUIT GROWERS SCORE
A VICTORY IX COURT
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— The Navy
Department is j informed of the safe
arrival at the Canary Islands of the
first torpedo-boat flotilla, with its con
voy, ,the Buffalo. The fleet consists of
the torpedo-boat destroyers Decatur,
Chauncey, Dale, Barry and Bain
bridge.'
The run of about 2800 miles from
San Juan • was made in twelve { days.
Naval officers are exceedingly gratified
at the performance. .-
Naval Officers ¦ Are Gratified at the
Run of 2800 Miles In
Twelve Days. »
TORPEDO FLOTILLA
REACHES CANARIES
"Are the stories true that the New
York State Convention is likely not
to pass instructions for the President?"
he was asked.
"Who says we are not going to in
struct?" asked Senator Platt.
"The story is in general circulation
at the capital. It is believed by
many members of Congress outside the
"Well," replied Senator Platt. "I can
not say whether we will instruct or
not. If there Is anv necessity for in
structions they will be passed. I ex
pect that story" is circulated by Demo
"Is it not generally understood that
a large number of Republicans in New
York desire the nomination of Senator
Hanna. and is it not a fact that there
Is pressure to prevent instructions for
the President?" ;.: '
"I will answer that by saying that
Hanna Is not a candidate for the Presi
dency. I have just had a long talk
with him. He will net allow the use
of his name. In addition to that he is
for the nomination of Mr. Roosevelt.
Tliere need be no doubt on that score."
"Is it the intenticr -' New York Re
publicans, now that the call for the
National Convention has been Issued,
to call an early State convention In or
der to forestall any attempt to organize
the State for Hanrta?"
"I the State convention will
he held after the adjournment of the
Legislature."
"But will not that make a very late
convention in .view of what the Gover
nor has said, that .there is need of
much legislation and that he is in favor
of a long r session?"
"I don't think there will be a long
session of the Legislature, nor do I
think there is much need of legislation,
and I do not think the Governor was
quoted accurately when he was made
to say that he wanted a long session."
"Have you seen or communicated
with CWvernor Odell lately?"
"No, I have not When I went South
I cut off my mail and know nothing of
what has been going on. I will go to
>Cew York in about a week and then
probably will see the Governor."
"Are you takins any personal inter
eft in the snap caucuses called by Lit
tauer in Fulton County?"
"No, but I presume Knox has as good
a pair of snowshces as, Littauer has."
When Senator Platt separated from
Senator Hanna he went to his commit
tee room and there he was asked to
discuss the somewhat confusing situa
tion in the Republican party in the
State of New York.
CALL BUREAU, 1405 G STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON, Jin. IS.—Sen
ator Thomas C. Platt returned from
Aiken, S. C, appeared in public to-day
and talked Presidential politics. He had
a conference on the floor of the-Sen
ate with Hanna and ! was so earnest
and lasted so long that it attracted
much attention. Senator Hanna talked
with great vigor, making many ges
tures, and now and then Senator Platt
•would nod in approval or shake his
head in disapproval.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i a. "United, States :innitairy.i officer. 5 *- lie
says.* stopped • theirailway^from Icarry
ing!to^Panama^as)itiwas finder ; obll^
gations 1 to fdo,t ill battalion * of f.. troops
from" Bogota/ which *" had \ Just "arrived
BliAMES MINISTUl BEAUPRE/ !
In speaking of the action of the Co
lombian Congress in its efforts to
amend the treaty General Reyes says:
"I firmly believe that it would have
approved the convention with "amend
ments-that would probably have been
acceptable . to , the.. United. States 1 had
not the American Minister to Bogota
repeatedly, declared in the most positive
manner that his Government would re
ject any amendments that might be of
fered." . . . ¦¦¦.-¦. ¦_,:-. '¦ ¦_
As to the recognition of the republic
of Panama General Reyes says it Is a
matter t)f public knowledge that the
mother country commands sufficient
forces to subdue a revolution. -
; General Reyes continues: . :.--¦;
\ "Before the coup de main, which
proclaimed the independence of
Isthmusftook place lat Panama,^there
were in this /very city "agents ; of the
authors of that^. coup „ in .conference
with high personages clothed vwith of
ficial character," as I is ¦ asserted 1 by re-"
putable American newspapers. I have
received information to, the effect that
a bank-in New York • opened a > con-:
siderable v credit in their:- favor with
a knowledge of the general > tisejfor
which it I was intended, * even though
unaware ''' that it ; was to i be : "applied, > In
part,\ to- the bribery lof 'a' large ; part f of
the garrison' at Panamal".- "vV"/ : '*'" ''"'''
\: A3IERICAN CRUISERS OX. TI3EE. ! \
Before » tne\ news « was | divulged that
a revolution! was ¦ about tb^break i out
on i the 5 isthmus. ; General <; Reyes : { says/
;American t which ; reached
their j destination} precisely on ; the» eve
oft the i movement, Iwere ~ plowing * the,
waters V of ; the "Atlantic and
oceans. : ¦ . : '. '..' : J?^u^P^8HPH|
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS.— President
Roosevelt transmitted to the Senate to
day additional correspondence touching
the relations of the United States with
Colombia and. Panama, covering ' the
period from December 23, 1303, to. Jan- f
uary 6 last.'. : : ,¦•..-
A statement of grievances on the part
of Colombia was presented, to the Slate
Department by General Reyes on De
cember 23. General Reyes said that the
course of the United States had worked j
deep injury to Colombia and he i cited (
the treaty of 1846 as showing that the j
independence and sovereignty of Co- t
lombia was to" be '< maintained intact be- {
t ween the two Governments. - ;
General Reyes said with/referenee to[
the Hay-Herran treaty that the- same
course was followed in -Bogota as was
pursued in "Washington; : If the, treaty,
he said, had been rejected in Washing
ton the" disapproval.' would have;;^in
volved no grievance for /Colombia and
the Colombian' Congress/ in its disap
proval of the* treaty; simply exercised a
vested right. This '/: action, he main
tained/ did not ~ disqualify.; the Colom
bian Government. for. the conclusion of
another treaty.' j <¦ " ) •
on Page 3, Column ; 1.
Tone Full Slang's Death Reported.
PEKING. Jan. 13. — The command'
Rnt " of tjie Russian ". Legation guard
here has T>een ordered to join Viceroy
Alexieff s «aff. A report of the death
of Tung Bah Siang has been brought
to Pekingfby a Belgian missionary.
tf . ' ¦¦^flnHHMHHIl flRSMoi
Secretary Hay answered this note
under' date of January 5. He says the
Government has carefully considered
the grave complaints made, and assures
General Reyes of our most .;, friendly
sentiments for ' the Government and
people of Colombia. The, question sub
mitted, he says, can be considered only
in the light .; of accomplished facts, of
which one Is that j the republic of . Pan
ama has become a member of the fam
ily of nations. . •'
, "The department has. read with sur
prise," Hay : comments, j •'your repeti
tion of gross imputations upon the con
duct and. mrftives of- this Government,
whlclr are said •; to , have appeared In
reputable American newspapers."
Hay reviews in detail, first* the neces
sity of a waterway connecting the two
oceans, and, secondly, all the legislative
and' diplomatic * .procedure which has
taken | olace; to secure-that end. -
* Secretary Hay says the. United States
had faithfully ; borne, during the lofig
period since the treaty of 1545 was com
pleted.! the . full burden of its responsi
bilities. ,.¦> -^
~ 'rMeanwhile,**. he continues, "the great
design of the -treaty of - 1S46 ¦ remained
unfulfilled. 1 and in -- the end it ' became
apparent, as has heretofore' been shown,
that »it could; be only by the
.construction! of a; canal by • the Gov
ernment of|the iUnited * States. , By, rea
son r qf the action 'of? the Government ' at
Bogota' In' repudiating; the Hay r Herran
convention *and : of the "views -and - in-'
tentions >' disclosed ¦ In r connection . . with
that ' repudiation.'-; the ; Government was
confronted,^ when * : the": revolution at
Panama" took place, with * the alterna
tive -of either abandoning " the chief
benefit .which It - expected i and .- which
it. was entitled to derive from the treaty
of- 1S46. or" of resorting - to measures the
necessity of which it could contemplate
only .with' regret. >-'-
- - "By ; the ' declaration . of Independence
at Colon, "at the very time when Its
arrival in that city would have im
peded or suppressed any ¦ revolution
ary attempt.*'
General Reyes says • that Panama
has become independent because the
Government of thei United States de
sired it; because with its incomparably
superior force, the United States pre
vented the landing of Colombian
troops; because even before the sepa
ratist movement was known- in Bogota
the United States had its war vessels
at -the entrance' to Colombian ports,
preventing-' the departure of Colom
bian battalions; "because, without re
gard to the. precedent established by
statesmen who have dealt with the
matter, the United States has not re
spected our ; rights in- that strip of
land which Colombia - considers 'as a
divine 'bequest- for the Innocent., use
of the American family of states, and.
finally, -because the Government of the
United 'States,' invoking - and • putting
into practice the right of might, has
taken from us by bloodless conquest,
but by, conquest nevertheless, the most
important part of the national terri
tory." ..i ... - iV-Iil-. 7 ':'«•' .'' ' ¦
REPIiX OF SECRETARY HAY.
, "Do you think there will be opposi
l.tion to the President from New York
I State*' j
"The last time there was a gathering
of New York Republicans to talk poli
tics was when they gave me a dinner
here. That was Just after New Year's.
Every Representative in,. Congress in
our party in the State was there and
all agreed that the President was the
choice of the party. Now if all such
Republicans are for Roosevelt, how
can there be opposition to him?"
Stories continue' to be circulated that
when the New York State convention
meets there. will be formidable opposi
tion to the passing of resolutions of in
structions for President Roosevelt.
J\[etv York Senator Declares Roqse*
velt Is the Party's Choice.
President Gives Out the Correspond*
ence Relating to Panama.
SENATOR THOMAS C. PLATT OF NEW YORK. WHO ASSERTS EM
PHATICALLY THAT SENATOR HANNA WILL NOT BE A CANDI
DATE FOR THE PRESIDENCY. S
SCENE IN COLON BEFORE THE. DEPARTURE OF THE COLOMBIAN
TROOPS -AFTER THE REVOLUTION, AND AN 'OFFICER OF THE
ARMY OF THE PANAMA REPUBLIC.
it DroDer to accept the invitation or net. the
Uinperor wishes to pay him thi» compliment.
The imperial life ruards will consist of two
l *rta::-r.«. The first wiJl be officered exclu
sively by American*, preferably former Roufrh
JUderm, »nd the second by retired officers and
ncn-cossmiwlcsed efflcen of the Seventeenth
KarUsh Lancers and the Royal Horse Artil
lery- These battalions wilt constitute the Ern
peror"s personal bodjxaard. The troopers will
1* co:r.j>csed of Arabs and native Saharans,
who are araccg the ftne«t riders in the world.
We purpose *>ncouraglnc the emigration of
the American negroes to the new empire.
Will Ask President Roosevelt to
Recommend Officers for the
"Imperial Guards."
LONDON. Jan. 18.— The development
<>£ Jacques Lebaudy's "Empire of Sa
hara" is about to take a turn which wiil
be of some interest • to the United
States. Lebaudy has decided to draw
the officers and non-commissioned offi
cers for two battalions of "imperial
life guards" from Great Britain and the
United States, and in pursuance of this
idea he will submit to President Roose
velt an invitation to name any officers
of his former Rough Riders whom he
« an positively recommend for commis
sions*
Colonel George Gouraud. Thomas
Edison's representative in England for
many years, who as governor general
if Sahara is organizing a military es
tablishment for M. Lebaudy. said to
day:
Tb» inviuticn to r*cnairaend officers will
t* «ubEs:tt«d to President Roorevelt in a. few
<lay». Whether the President will consider
~EMFEROR OF SARAILV*
WANTS ROUGH RIDERS
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. IS.— After
having lingered between life and death
for almost two months from a bullet
wound, which it is charged was in
flicted by Mrs. Jennie Downey, Charles
Wilson, a pioneer business man of this
city, died to-day.
Wilson's death had been expected for
seme time. Mrs. Downey has been con
f.red in the County Jail since the shoot
ir.g av.aiting trial on a charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon with Intent
to commit murder. The District Attor
ney will to-morrow formally charge
Mrs. Downey with murder.
The differences between Wilson and
Mrs. Downey arose over a suit brought
by Wilson to recover possession of se
curities amounting to several thousand
dollar?, which, he alleged. Mrs. Dow
ney had stolen from his safe. Mrs.
Downey in turn brought suit for the
recovery of a large sum of money
•w hieh she claimed to ha%-e placed in
Wilson's keeping. While the litigation
was pending Wilson was shot when at
his place of business. There were no
witnesses, but Wilson charged Mrs.
Pown^)' with the deed, which charge
ene'has neither admitted nr>r denied.
When the train reached Ogden at 2:30
o'clock this afternoon the license was
ready and Municipal Judge Howell traa
on hand. The final words of the mar
riage ceremony were spoken as the
train was moving out of the station.
The two women had with them only
the clothing- they wore, so it was ar
ranged that the sister should get oft
at Reno, pack the bride's trousseau:
and forward it by express. This sh«
did. A message was sent on to Daniel
Hamer in Ogden to have the County
Clerk issue a. license as directed and to
have somebody at the railroad station
to perform the ceremony.
While on the way to Reno the con
versation turned to the large number
of Californlans who cross the State Una
to that city and get married. After
joking about being fashionable and do
in? likewise the lovers discussed U
seriously. Finally they agreed to get
married in Reno.
Then they recalled the fact that it
was Sunday and they could get no
license there. A Utah man with whom
they had become acquainted suggested
that If they would come on to Ogden
he would arrange in advance, through
friends, to have the license ready and
some person on hand qualified to marry
them. They decided to avail themselves
of his services. v-
OGpfcN. Utah, Jan. IS.— Weddlnj?
rites on a train this afternoon united
C. P. Westrope, a wealthy resident ct
Hull, England. <1 Miss Pearl Mora
Reynolds of Sat. irancisco. The two
boarded the overland limited train at
San Francisco little expecting they
would be married before the journey's
end. They are now speeding eastward,
preparing to spend their honeymoon
abroad.
Westrope became acquainted with
Miss Reynolds in San Francisco. He
lost his heart to the American girl and
ere he *left on a trip to his old homo
to look after some affairs In connection
with his estate he obtained her con
sent to become his bride. The wedding
was to have taken place on his return
in about six months.
Miss Reynolds and her sister went to
the train to bid Westrope "Cood-by"
at Oakland. Westrope and a friend, a.
Butte man, persuaded the two to boanl
the train and ride a short distance
with them, meeting the tuext train at
Sacramento. The lovers were In no
hurry to part and' the two women
boarded the train. ¦ •->'•*•
At Sacramento it wa» learned the
west-bound train was four hours late
and they decided to go on to Colfax.
There again would be a long wait and
the two women were induced to go on
to Reno.
Speda! Dispatch to Th« Call
SALT LAKE; Utah, JairL 18.— Friends
and former cronies of John .Oldham,
the Utah mining -millionaire, received
another shock to-day "when it became
known that he had turned E over his'en
tlre bank account to his bride. Last
week Oldham, who is 72 years old/ cre
ated a sensation by marrying Miss Jean
O'Neill, aged 20, a. chambermaid of a
local hotel, whom he had , known ' only
ten days. The couple are now supposed
to be somewhere in California on their
honeymoon tour, which is later to in
clude Scotland, .where the parents; of
the bride reside.
It was known that John Oldham had
presented Miss O'Neill with $5000 on
the day she promised to become his
bride: that h& had given Her an addi
tional $10,000 on, the wedding'day; but
his friends were scarcely prepared to
learn that he had turned over to the
Scotch-Irish lassie all the available
cash which he had in bank. Yet this is
exactly -what he did. — '—-- — r
The day before he left here with Miss
O'Neill to be married,' a. journey, that
is tol be prolonged into a. year's wedding
tour, John Oldhaijn sipned checks which
made JUs <wif eittie»D«BS**ssoE-*i -hia* eni
tire' bank' account.'-yTWs"tact,-lws-l>een
confirmed, although -the- exact • amount
of the transfer is not known. It is said
to be in the neighborhood of $300,000. ¦
Oldham by no means beggared him
self by this act of generosity, however.
He is possessed of mines and stocks in
other enterprises which bring him a
magnificent income and which are esti
mated in value at several millions. . ,
Old chums of the man, who was a
poor prospector ten years ago, \ decline
to believe that Oldham is sane. They
declare that he has always manifested
an aversion of the fair sex and fre
quently declared that he "would not
marry the best woman on earth." That
he should suddenly wed a girl of 20
whom he had known but ten days and
then turn over his money to her, is to
his friends of ihe.Comstoek and. Park
City almost beyond belief. An old
prospecting friend of Oldham voiced
the general opinion of the miners by
remarking:
"The next thing we will hear is that
Oldham has throwed his old pipe away
and is smoking, cigarets."
Special Dispatch to The Call
Goes to Bid Lover Good-jby at Oakland
Mole and Is PreTailed Dpon to -
Join Him in Li fa Journey, m
Prisoner Refuses to Make a Statement
Afcont the Tragic Incident in
Southern California.
Eccentric Mining Man and His Tweaty-
Year-Old Wife Now Enjoying
Honeymoon in California.
Riches lor Former Chamber
maid Whom He Married,
in Salt Lake.
Pioneer Passes Away Alter
Suffering From a Bul
let Wound.
Miss Pearl More Reynolds
Heroine ol a Romantic
Marriage.
Shooting Causes a
Death in Santa
Barbara.
AgedMillibnaireJolin
\ OWham Wearies
of His Gold;
Wealthy Englishman
Wins a Fair San :
. Franciscan. :
MAN DIES
AND WOMAN
IS ACCUSED
CALIFORNIA
GIRL WEDS
0 N A TRAIN
TRANSFERS
FORTUNE TO
HIS BRIDE
PL ATT SAYS HANNA
WILL NOT TRY FOR
THE WOMINATIOM
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
THE WEATKSE.
Tcrecait nu.de et Su rran
citco for 30 hours endlar mid
slffht January 19, 1994:
San Francisco and ricinity —
Clond j Tuesday, probably ¦low
ers: fretli «cntJierty wind.
- O. JC WILLSOIf.
I»ccsl forecaster.
- ¦ THE THEATERS.
AIca=ar — "Mrs. J*cX."
Calif oraU — "Th« Fatal Wee
ding-."
Central — "A Bowery CHrt." -
rtscHer'c — "The Beauty Shop."
Graad — "One Kix&t In Jane."
Orphenm — Y«ad«7llle.
Cnntea — Vand evil! o.
TItoU — "Wacn Johnny Ooan
Marchfrnr losu." -
Columbia — H 2Srs. r>etruur'» Dl-
Tore*.™ - . . _
Lyric Hall— Barton Holmes.
SAN FRANQSGO,; TUESDAY; jJANUARY 19, 1904.
VOLUME XCV— XO. 50.
The San Francisco Call.LONDON, Jan. IS.— A large portion
of the historic Knepp Castle at Hor
eham, Sussex, . was. destroj «sd by ¦ flre
last night. Sir Merrik an£ Lady Bur
re!], who is a daughter^ of 'Walter "Wi
nans of Baltimore, Mfl.i /iad narrow es
capes. The castle contained a number
of valuable Van Dyk.es and Holbelns,
only a few of which /were saved.
Castle Partly .Burned.
LEADVILLE. Colo., Jan. 18.— A
telephone message from Tennessee
Pass states that the frozen body of
Mrs. John L. Scott, who left here last
Tuesday to join her husband in the
mountains, has been found in a lone
ly pass in that section. The woman
had been dead several days.
Woman Frozen to Death.
Former Deputy Tax Collector
Does Not . Appear i When an
Important ¦. Case Is Called
SAJC JOSE. Jan. 18.— When the case
of A. J. Mullen, former. Deputy Tax
Collector of this county, who Is out on
ball uncjer a charge jof having stolen
a large 'sum of . money from the office
several months ago, was called in the
Superior Court to-day, neither i Mullen
nor: either, of his attorneys, appeared.
The jurors were all present.' 'Attorney
Vatch. was sent for and he said hq
had forgotten about the. case, while
the defendant's other attorney r had
gone to San Francisco.
A bench warrant was '.issued .for
Mullen. , He ' was subsequently ' found
ill and in-bed. He said he hadforgot
ten that. the trial was set for. to-day. .<
A Guarantied Cure for Piles.
Itching, Blind, Bleedlnc or Protruding: Pile*.
Tour drusjclet. will refund . money if p a *o
Ointment falla to cure you in 6 to U day*. CO:*
COURT'S ACTION
IS FORGOTTEN
DENVER. Colo., Jan. 18.—^n the
quo warranto auit brought by: the At
torney General of Colorado against
the American Smelting and Refining
Company for a forfeiture of its fran
chise rights under the State lawg be
cause of its failure to pay $8000 cor
poration tax, under the law of 1902,
Judge Carpenter. In the District Court,
gave judgment for the State. The ef
fect of the decision is to deprive the
company of any standing In court
The company, in common with other
corporations, has held that the law
wag invalid and will test it in the Su
preme Court.
Adverse Decision Rendered Because
of Refusal to Pay a Tax of
i~i& $sooo. ¦'¦ ' •'¦
SMELTERS KNOCKED OUT
IX COLORADO COURT
- ST. PAUL. Minn.. Jan. 18. — Judge
Lewis in the District Court to-day be
gan hearing the suit of F. C. M. Rand
against Russell Sage as assignee in
trust of the Hastings and; Dakota Rail
way Company. The', plaintiff in this
action brings his suit to recover $15.
000 for wages or salary. for. services
rendered rSage as trustee of the rail
way company.'" Rand was -clerk . f or
Sage from September, 1897, toSeptem
ber, 1902. While he was. paid wages
or salary he ; complains that; he was
not paid for the extraordinary' and on
erous duties that he' performed in
handling the large area of j railroad
lands in the hands of the trustee.
Former Employe Declares That. -He
Was Not Adequately Paid for
Extra Duties Performed.
RUSSELL SAGE'S CLERK
SUES KOR HIS SALARY
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— Secretary Hay
and Baron Gervals, Minister of The Nether
lands, ' to-day signed an extradition treaty,
•which will be sent Immediately to the Senate.
John F. Clark, a letter carrier, de
scribed the failure of the fastener to
work at a test made in 1894, at which
Machen and Samuel A. Groff were
present, which, he said, caused Machen
tn remark to Groff at that time that
unless the fastener would work without
sticking he would not recommend its !
adoption.
WASHINGTON, Jan. IS.— In the trial
of August W. Machen, the Groff broth
ers and Dr. and Mrs. George E. Lorenz,
charged with conspiracy to defraud the
Government, the prosecution introduced
a number of witnesses to-day to prove
the relations of Machen with the' Lor
erszes and the Groff brothers. One of
these. Ina Liebhardt, Machen's former
stenographer and chief c:erk, testified
concerning visits of Dr. and Mrs. Lor
enz to Machen at his office, but declared
on cross-examination that during the
several conversations she heard noth
ing was said about letter box fastener*.
James E. Bell, superintendent of de
livery of the Washington City post
office, testified that the Groff fastener
had been adopted without any report
on it having been submitted to him,
although it would have been his duty
to make such report, as the fastener
was first tried in this city.
Tells of Uks Visits of Dr. and Mrs.
Lorenz to the Postal Of
ficial's Office.
FORMER STENOGRAPHER
OF MACHEN TESTIFIES
Thp Governor also honored a requisi
tion from the Governor .of Idaho for
the return of W. L. Simpson, now un
der arrest at Petaluma. Simpson is
charged with grand larceny in having
absconded with the sum realized from
the sale of a cror> in which another
man had a partnership interest and
upon which there was a chattel mort
gage.
The Governor had some doubt as to
whether this act could be defined as
grand larceny, but it was found that
the alleged offense constituted that
crime under the Idaho law and the
warrant was Issued.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 18.— J. Mi Hud
dleston, Deputy City Marshal of Tex
arkana, Ark., has arrived here to take
charge of H. R. Fletcher, alias J. R.
The case is one of the most remarka
ble ever brought to the notice of the
Governor's office. Coffee is alleged to
have committed a murder at Texar
kana. Ark., in 18S9. He was arrested,
tried and sentenced to be hanged.
"While he was awaiting execution he
contrived to escape from prison and,
eluding his pursuers, made his way to
California and took refuge^ in Kern
County.
As the years wore on he felt secure
from detection and established a home
for himself,' soon earning the reputa
tion of a peaceable and industrious cit
izen. So prosperous did he becorse that
he sent East for a brother-in-law.
That was an unlucky . move, for the
relative had been in Kern County but
a short 'time when he quarreled' with
Coffee and. took revenge by notifying
the. Arkansas officers of his where
abouts. This action led to the Arkan
sas officers applying to Governor Par
dee for the necessary authority to
bring Coff.ee back to the scene of his
alleged crime. It is said the conviction
of fifteen years ago will stand against
Coffee, although the death sentence
will have to be passed on him anew.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 18.— Upon a
requisition from the Governor of Ar
kansas, Governor Pardee to-day issued
a warrant for the arrest of John R.
Coffee of Bakersfleld. The warrant will
be served to-morrow.
Coffee, who is charged with murder in
Hempstead County, Arkansas, and
whose case was acted upon by Governor
Pardee to-day.
Huddleston was ' accompanied by G.
T. Conway, who is acting as a special
agent for the Governor of Arkansas
and who went through to Sacramento
with the papers for Governor Pardee
to arrange for the man-'s extradition.
Huddleston said to-day that It is a
.fact that Fletcher or Coffee broke Jail
after his conviction, of the murder of
his cousin, but before he was sentenced.
The reported conviction carried with it
the death penalty.
The killing is said to have occurred
when Fletcher was about twenty-one
years old and when the victim was
about nineteen. This woaid make the
prisoner about thirty-five years old
now, the age which "his brother-in-law
Bell has claimed. There are many
persons In the county now living who,
the officer says, should, be able to rec
ognize Coffee or Fletcher.
To-night Huddleston received a tele
gram from Conway saying that he will
be here with the necessary papers late
to-night and .as soon as they, are prop
erly, certified to the officers will leave
for Arkansas with the prisoner. It Is
believed there will be no objection to
extradition. : - ' ¦ ¦ * ' ¦' > ; .• •
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 18. — Judge Wood
in the Circuit Court to-day held that
a medical college had no jurisdiction
over the heart affairs of its students
and vcould not legally withhold a di
ploma from one of them who had
fallen in love before the time set for
his graduation.
The decision was on the application
for a writ of mandamus to compel the
Barnes Medical College to issue a
diploma to Onus' York of Muskogee, I.
T., class of. '03, who entered the col
lege in October, 1900. It was alleged
as a reason for withholding the
diploma that York fell in love with a
young woman with whom he after
ward quarreled, .and that she, through
revenge, told of their love affairs to
the college faculty. This was before
York's class was to graduate and he
was expelled and a diploma refused.
The writ. of mandamus was granted.
by St. Louis Court.
Withholding of a Diploma hy St. Loiris
' College Is Decided to Be Illegal
LOVE IS NOT OX LIST ; : r.
OE FACULTY'S TROUBLES
Special Dispatch to The Call
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. IS.— Judge
John F. Phillips of this city, sitting in
the Federal court in Kansas City,
Karis., gave a decision ' to-day which
frees William Martindale, former vice
president of the First National Bank
of Emporia, Kans. Martindale was
indicted for misapplication of the
bank's funds. The failure of this bank
in November, 1901, was followed by
the suicide of its president, Charles F.
Cross, within an hour after the bank
was closed. The indictment against
Martindale consisted of eighteen
counts, charging the defendants with
misapplication in some instances, or
abstraction of others, in issuing checks
on his account in this' bank, in which
he had no funds. The amount on
which indictments were based is less
than $5000.
President Cross, in a letter found
in his desk after death, had taken all
the blame of the failure upon himself
and fully exonerated Martindale and
Davis, the cashier, of any connection
with the failure. '»-'i?.'Vui
William Martindalc Not Guilty of
Complicity in tlie Wrecking of
a Kansas Bank. '
ACCUSED BANK* OFFICIAL
- FREED BY FEDERAL JUDGE
Resident' of 'Bakersfield Who Is Accused of a
Murder KostReturn, Possibly foJ^ayJHe Death
Penalty in a City in the State of Arkansas
RESIDENT OF BAKERSFIELD WHO IS ACCUSED OF HAVING COM
MITTED A CRIME YEARS AGO. AND "WHO IS NOW- IN CUSTODY
OF OFFICERS WHO CAME FROM ARKANSAS.
SAN. JOSE, Jan. 18.— Judge Tuttle
to-day dissolved the preliminary in
junction against the San Jose and Los
Gatos Interurban road, heretofore
granted on petition of the San Jose
and- Santa Clara road; restraining the
former company from proceeding with
the construction of its road on North
Market street unless it also lay a third
rail for the latter road.
Both companies have franchises
over the street, which runs to the
broad-gauge depot. The effect of the
decision will -be -to enable the. subur
ban company to complete ,its road,
while the differences between the two
companies can be adjusted in court.
Controversy Between Companies Over
the Matter of a Franchise Soon
r, - ' May Be Settled.
RAILROAD INJUNCTION
- DISSOLVED IN A COURT
LONDON. Jan. 18.— Justice Jeune in
the divorce division of the High Court
of Justice to-day granted Major Wal
ter de Sumarez Maud a divorce on the
ground that "Mrs. Maud's marriage to
Daniel R. Hanna of Cleveland, Ohio,
was bigamous. The Mauds were mar
ried at New York April 19. 1897. While
Maud was fighting in South Africa his
wife obtained a divorce from him in
America and on February 18, 1900, mar
ried Mr. Hanna.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Jan. 18. —
When shown the telegram announc
ing the decision of the London- court
to-day. Dan R. Hanna declared it was
a mere thechnicality. S. H. Holding,
Hanr.a's attorney, said:
"Under English law the divorce
granted in Ohio did not annul the
dower rights of 'Mrs. Maud and hence
Major Maud was compelled to resort
to English tribunals to secure abso
lute freedom to deal with his property.
The necessary showing to be made un
der English law was to set up the
divorce granted in this country and
the remarriage to Mr. Hanna as a
jrround of divorce, as English courts
do not recognize American divorces.
I took proof of the divorce in this
country and sent it to Major Maud, as
I was his attorney in the case and
represented him at Akron. He was in
this country at that time."
First Husband of Mrs. Daniel Hanna
Obtains a l>ecree in
London.
DIVORCE GRANTED ON* •
GROUND OF BIGAMY
The arbitrary 100 per cent advance
in price of one of the essentials of the
modern treatment of diphtheria is held
by the physicians to show that pro
vision for the constant supply of the
article devolved upon the municipality
as a measure for the preservation of
the public health. The high price now
placed on the serum by the "death
trust," it is declared, means that
thousands of children may perish in
the first diptheria epidemic which ap
pears in the city.
SPRIXGFLELD, III., Jan. 18.— The In
ternational Serum Toxine Company of
Phoenix, Ariz., was to-day licensed by
the Secretary of State to incorporate
in Illinois. The company stock is
$1,000,000, of which $10,000 is in Illinois.
CHICAGO. Jan. 18.— A municipal
laboratory for the manufacture of anti
toxin under the supervision of public
chemists may be the outcome of the
campaign instituted by the Chicago
Medical Society against the high prices
exacted by the manufacturers* com
bine, or so-called "death trust."
At a conference of the officers of the
organization the feasibility of the
ycheme was discussed in detail. The
result is a decision to refer the matter
for final action to a meeting on Wed
nesday, with the recommendation that
the plan be adopted as the permanent
solution of the problem. If the ap
proval of the society be obtained some
Aldermen will be asked to introduce an
ordinance creating the laboratory and
ruaking the necessary appropriation
for its foundation and maintenance.
The inspectors are making an effort
to show that in some way the pumps
were reversed and instead of pumping
out the water from the engine room
more was being taken in through the
seacocks. The belief now seems to be
that the Clallam did not spring a leak.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 18.— M. Jen
sen, a seaman of the Clallam, gave evi
dence at the Coroner's incuest this
morning that he had cl.arge of the
flags on the Clallam, but knew of no
signal flags on board. He told of the
chief engineer having come on deck an
hour and a half from Port Townsend
and said: "I wish the captain would
turn around and go back." He told of
several visits of the chief engineer to
the main deck and how he had tried to
get into the pilot-house. Failing, he
had asked the witness to tell Captain
Roberts to keep the steamer's head to
the wind if he could. The witness said
he believed the boats would have a
better chance if they should be made
ready before leaving the steamer.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 18.—Testi
mony was given at. to-day's session of
the Board of Inspectors . investigating
the wreck of the steamer Clallam tend
ing to show that the steamer began to
leak about an hour after leaving Port
Townsend. Whether this was • due to
an actual leak or to a reversal of the
ship's pumps, which filled the vessel
with water, instead of pumping it out,
Is a question the inspectors are trying
to solve. . . •
Chief Engineer de Launay told of the
leak. He was unable to give the capac
ity of the pumps in the Clallam. It
was figured out .that the vessel's
pumps had a capacity of about 460 tons
per hour. It was shown by ; the chief
engineer that the vessel took more
water before Captain Roberts was no
tified than she did ten hours after
ward.
Public Administrator Kell and "Wal
ter A. Joy have since applied for let
ters of administration on. the estate.
The value was Kiven as probably ex
ceeding $10,000. Besides Mrs. Wilson.
James Joy. a brother, and a number
of nieces and nephews were named as
heirs.
On December 15, the day before Mrs.
Wilson was to start East with her
brother's remains, Walter A. Joy, a
nephew, secured an order in court com
pelling Mrs. Wilson to appear and ex
plain what she had done with her
brother's estate. She declared there
was no other heir but herself, but re
fused to give any Information about
her brother's affairs.
Mrs. Wilson was declared guilty of
contempt of court and remanded to the
custody of the Sheriff, with the warn
ing if she did not explain the follow
ing day she must go to jail.
She repented during the night, and
the next morning Judge Tuttle vouched
for her return from the East with the
coin and books, and she was allowed
to go. Later in the day a petition was
filed by Attorney R. R. Syer, in which
Mrs. Wilson asked that Judge. Tuttle
be appointed administrator of Joy's es
tate.
James Joy claims that a sister, Mrs.
Mary "Wilson, took charge of the body
and estate, removing gold, bankbooks
and securities from a San Jose safe
deposit vault and bringing them East
with her, and now refuses to tell where
the property is located. She is under
parole of the San Jose surrogate and
is ordered to produce the property -in
court. Her brother charges that she
has given away $2500 in gold to a neph
ew without any legal right. She an
swers that the property was in her
name also and she has a right to it.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 18.— John C. Joy died
in this city on December 10 last while
on a visit here with his sister, Mrs.
Mary Wilson. After his death and
while his body was being prepared for
shipment Mrs. Wilson withdrew a num
ber of bankbooks and $5000 in gold be
longing, to her brother from a box in
the Safe Deposit Bank and f oTwarded
them by Wells-Fargo Express Com
pany to her home in Hoosick Falls,
n. y. ¦ '•/-•; ¦"
BENNINGTON, Vt., Jan. 18.— A sen
sational suit that is attracting wide
spread attention in Vermont has just
come up here on the application of
James B. Joy of San Jose for letters
trf administration upon the estate of
his brother, John Joy, who died in San
Jose last month, leaving about 550.000.
The heirs include Moses Wilson of Ben
nington and two relatives in Hoosick,
N. Y.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Eastern Relatives Demand, That
She Present Accounts and
Papers Supposed to Be Hidden
Seaman at Victoria Inquest
Sheds Light on R€asons for
the Terrible Wreck in Strait
One Hundred Per Cent Raise
in Price of Diphtheria Anti
dote Is Deemed Exorbitant
WORKING OF THE PUMPS
HIS SISTER IS ACCUSED
WILL PKEPAKE REMEDIES
Death of a Vermont Man in
San Jose the Origin of Law
suit at His Native Home
Chief Engineer of the Ill-
Fated Clallam Tells, of the
Cause of the Disaster
Chicago Medical ~ Society Is
Planning to Oppose Inter
national Antitoxin Combine
WILL FOUND
A LABORATORY
WEALTH OF JOT
CAUSE OF WOE
SAYS VESSEL
WAS LEAKING
GOVERNOR ISSUES A WARRANT
IN REMARKABLE CRIMINAL CASE
THE , SAN ' FRANCISCO CALL, JANUARY 19, 190f.
2
8. It is palatable and
agreeable to the taste and
easily taken.
\Pe"U send you a sample fret upon request.
*COTT & BOWXE, m Pearl Street, N. T v !
7. It is one of the greatest
flesh producers knownj.to
medical science
effort. >v;;: " - : * •' -
5. Its quality is always
uniform.
6. It feeds and strengthens
the bones, blood, nerves and
tissues. '
why Scott's Emulsion is an
ideal food-medicine.
1 . 1 1 is partly pre-digested
and therefore passes quickly
into the blood.
2. It imposes no tax upon
the stomach or other digest-
ive organs.
3. It does not cause
fermentation as usually
results from ordinary food
when the stomach is. weak. t
4. Its action is mild. : and
even, insuring the greatest
nourishment with the least
EIGHT REASONS
ECOTT'S EMULSION.
- To Prevent the Grip.
Laxative Bromo Quinine removes the cause.
To get the genuine call for the full name. 25c. •
AD VEBTTh Yi wi mi 'xtk
'M^sS!9a ,j(n \*« tv - \i fis, ' "T r ffiMilT "^^ ntviini'wl r '''ffy"tn>
«: : — --. ; ; — ' ¦ Ba^HS ' ¦
ADVEBTISEMENTS. \**Y>.. EAUWAT TEAVEL.
Try One of My
$1.00 Knives
Made of finest material. Best tempered
Kteel in the blades. Handle comes in
either Dearl or buckhorn. Have three or
four blade*.
1 also carry choice lines of cutlery in all
standard makes, such as Wostenholm's,
Jordan's, Henckel's, Stiletto and other
makes.
Eazorsv from $1.00 up.
Sclisors as low aa 25c.
Out of Town Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
'.'.'. F. w. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST., Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.
S/'P* "G 3 B X P> 3 ¦ Cored to STAY CURED. Cawo
t^ S Pi MK «3 Itmorni - Health rwitored. At-
n C*3 c}|3 93 taekt aever rolara. Kathcartiij
Hj 9 1 S BaB yfl Mt-p?»I!night,do anjthlny, jo
'ear a BlIIBll nrrwb«r«. No ranker ne*d of
mMiirioc*. Bonk 6O FREE. Ninety pair-*, alUboot
Asthma and Bay Fmret. P. Kaxola Ha yes. Buffalo, N. T
BATT.WAY- TBAVEL.
CALIFOBNIA NORTflWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
MH FRANClobU Mj wjHTH PACIFIC
BAHWAY COMPANY.
Tituron Perry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FKAK CISCO TO SAN SAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 1 :'M, 0:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 1^::J5.
3:30. .V.10. «:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trl?
at 11 :30 p. m. ¦
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:()(». !»:.'»). 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5.00. C:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAFAEL TO SAN FBANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«>:fi3. 7:3.". 7:50. l»:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays^ — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:tK». 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:4.0. 3:40.
4:53. 5:05. C.23 p. m.
Lerve I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. [ days. [ Da ys.
7:30a b:00a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 3:30p ; 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
"?-36"a 9:10a 8:40 a
S:O0a . Xovato. 10:40 a 10:20 »
3:S0p l):ru)a Petaluma «:03 p «:20p
B:10p 3:.".0r *•><! 7:35 p
5:C0p| Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
?:C0a Fulton. 7:35 p B:20p
S:30p 3:30 p ] ¦__
Windsor,
7:30 a 3:00 a Healdshurs. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lyttcn.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a! S:CO~a] Hopland <10:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and UKlah. 1 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:COal WHllta. \ 7T33"pJ B:20 p
7:30 a' S:C0al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3 :30 p| 3 :30 p| Guemevllle. | T^M pj_6j20 p
7-30 a|^t:OO al Sonoma. I 0:10 al S:4Oa
0:10 p| 5:fr> p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al ~ 110:40 all0:20 a
3:3Op| 3:3Pp| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pi 0:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Fanta Roea for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulten for Altrurla and Mark West
Eprtn^B ai Uytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
KeUeyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake>
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day'n. Riverside. Lierly's.
'Bucknt U's Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr*a
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Memlocino City. Fort RragB.
Westport. Ufeal; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood, Cnhto. Covello. Layton-
ville. Cuminlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. 01-
aen'e. Dyer, Oarbervllle. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced fates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael nt half rates.
Ticket offices. G30 Market street. Chronlcio
bulldlrz.
H. C WHITING, It. X RYAN.
Gen. Mannrer. Gen. Pa»5. Agt
CAZADliRO, Etc*
|ffiffiM's5$fijgg%f2!383| via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally— 7:00 8:00.
0:00, 1O:W. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20 1:45. J:15. 4:13.
B-ls! tt-15, 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
-Daily-5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8 M. 0:35. 11:05 a.
m.; 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. «:45.
8'45 10:20 P. m. • • :
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally-5:45. 6:55, 7:52. 8:65, 9:55.
11-20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:C5. 5:05. 6:05,
7:C5. 8:00. 10:X5 p. m. , ....
THROUGH TRArNS.
8:0O a. m. daily — Caradero and way atatlons.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays «xeepted> —
Tomalea and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturday*— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes aad
way stations. ¦''mnKimmtah^VB
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRT — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
• Leavt Tia Saonlits Fetrr "Arrive
SanFrandico t*t if Mark* ft San Frandsco.
Week Sun- "55? WeeT
-2??!- jJ*WMffff]K day« Day*.
•Jl-ja l*8:OO A A%Sa£c#a 13:oap 10:461
•l:45r 9:OOa n»BraW I:*8r3:5o?
»:15r 1O:OOa "fri^Sg? »:*Or »:rtO»
ll:OO A 4:SOp »:SOf
*flMtssl wltt tap t» ttpm ud TIMor flny
TlCItr j tfX M arkkt Sr..(North Shore Railroad)
. VftCSS I and Sa-jsauto F«*av. FooC Market St,
CALIFORNIA |
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
»t 0:30 a. m., tbrouffli in 3 days, B
wltb diner aad all trapping a. M
Other Saata T» Trains*
7:30 a.m. I ior gtockton. Freiao, Baken3eli.
»:30 a. m. f Mer ce<l. Kantord and Vlaalia.
8 :00 p. m. J
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
6:00 p m. for Kaaaaa City. Grmad Canyon and
- Chicago.
TICKET CFTICE — 641 Market St.. anA
Perry Depot, S. 7. Also 1113 Broad*
way. Oakland. CaL 37 South First
St.. Saa Jos*.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and »r« da* to *rrlr* »t
bAN FKAN'CISCO.
(Mtln Line. Foot of Market 8tre«t.)
"t«4Tl — F«OM DtC«MB«»rJ. laCS. — AMHTf
'7.OO*. V»c»TlJle. Wiowri. Ku:u»bt 755*
7X0 a Benlcla, SoUan. Elmira »ad Sacra-
mento 7-25?
7.30* Vatlejo, Nip*. CalUtotft. Saata
llota, Martlnex, »»n Kamon 6-25?
7-30* Nile*. Llyermore, Tracy, Lathrop,
S:ock:on 7.25*
800* ShniM Exprea*— (Via Divl«>,
Wiiutmi (for Dartlett Spring*).
Willow*, trruto. K"A BlaS.
Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7-6Sp
t.OO* OaTl*. Woodland. KnUats Laadlns,
Marysirii'.u, OroTlUe 7.55*
8.30* Port Coata, Martinez. Antloco,
Byron. Tracy. Stoclcton. Xew-
man. Lot liaaos. Mendota.
- Armuna. Haaford. Vital la.
Portenrllle 4.25*
• 8 JO* Port Coita. Martlnes. Tracy. Latb-
rop, Modesto, Merced. Frem<\
Ooanen Junction. II » a ford.
VMaim. Dakemfleld 455*
•-30* JTHea. San Jaw, Llrcrmort. #h>ck> • • • - -.'.
ton. (t.Milton). lime. S»cram«ntj. • -¦
Placervllie. MarysTlHe, Cnlco.
ncd Bluff 4.25*
6-33* Oak;!ale. Chinese, Jamestown. So-
norn. Tuolamne anil Angels 4 23*
9 00. Atlantic Kxpre*«— OslcB tad fc*u. 11.254
8.30* Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations 6 5a*
10 00* The Orerland Limited — Ogdea.
Dentcr. Omaha, Chicago B.2Sp
1000a Vallejo 12-25*
10-00* Lo» An«telea Pa»s«n?er — Port
Costa. Martinez, Dyroa. Tracy,
I.sthrop. Stoclcton. Merced,
1 K.iyir.nnJ. Fresno. Goshrn Jnno-
tlon. Uanford. Lemoore. Vlsaltx
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 7-23f*
1J.C0m Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3 2-if
t* .00* Sacramento Mrer Steamers til .00*
tJO* Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Maryivllle. Ororllla and way
• statlan* 10-55*,
3.30r Haywanl.NllM4.nd Way Stations.. J 5i#
3.30I" Port Costa, Martin*?.. Byron,
T me jr. Lathrop, Modesto,
Merced. Fresuo and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Co<ta... 12.25*
3.30* Marline*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.25a
400r Marttnez.SnnlUroon.ValleJo.Kapa,
C*:Uto>ja. Sint;.*Ilo«* 9 25*
4-00* Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.25'
430r Hay ward. Nlles. lrYlngton. Saaj
.Jose. Ltvennore ] til. 55*
6X0* Toe Owl Limited— Newnnn. Lot
lianos. Mendota, Fresno. Tular*
Bakerifleld.Loa Angeles. '
Golden State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Los Angeles, for Chi-
cago, via C. B. I. A I' .",«,.. 8 S3 1
E.OOr Port Co*m. Tracy. Stockton ....... 12-2SP
t5 30f Hayward. Sllea and Sun -lone ..... 7.25a,
6-00* Hayward. Nllea and San Jose 9.ia.A
64)0* Eastern Express— Ojtden. Denrer,
Omaha. St. Lonta. Chtraco and
East. Tort Costa. Beulela. bul-
snn, Elmira, Davis. Sacramento^
Itoeklln. Auburn. Colfax.
Trackee. Boca. Keno. Wads-
worth. Wtnncmacca 8-29*
6. 00r Vallejo. dally, except Snnday.... I 7 .._
74J3* Vallejo, SunUay only". f '•"
7.00r Klehmond. Han Pablo. Port Costa,
Marlines and Way Stations 11.25a
1X6* Oregon * California Kipress— Sac ' .._ !
rasnento, MarysTllle, Redding,
Portland, Paset Sound nnd Enst. 8-53*
9.10* Ilaywanl, Mies and San Jj«e(3un-
dav only) 11-65%
COAST LINE Oarrow Waaa;*).
- (Knot of M.trfeet Street.)
8.15* Newark. Centerrine. Ian Joao.
Feltno. Bonlacr Creek. Saata
Cm* and Way Stations Sii'
t2-1S* Newark. CenterrlUe. Sin Josa.
New AlTBaden.Loa OatocFelum.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cms and
Principal Way Buttons ttO.VU
4.15* Newark, Saa Jose. Los Qatos and ? »3 5u
__ '• way station* \ J10 55*
«a 30f Banters Train. Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Stations. Retorn-
lpg from Lo« Gatoa 9un<1«y only. 17 2S*
• OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From 6AN rUANCISCO, Foot or Market St. (SIlpO
-IT: 13 »:U) 11:00 a.m. 100 300 515 r.M
From OAKLAND. Foot »f Broadway — 1«:»» W:W
t»:0> 10:00 A.M. 1 200 200 4-00 *.M.
COAST LI N E <l»r*ail «aa«e).
fir (Third aa<t Townaend Streets.)
S.10* 8an June and W*y Station* ..... 6-30F
7 00a 8u Joie tad W«r tiuUon ... 6-38»
8 00* N*w Almadea (Tues.. FriJ.. cn!y), 4.1Q*
ICO* The Coaster— Stops only 9a» Jose,
GUroy (connection for Holllt-
• let). Pajaro. Ca»troTllle (con-
' nectlon to and from Mosterer
and Pacific OroTe), Salinas. Saa
Ardo. Pa*o Roblea. Santa Mar-
garita, San Luis ubtspo, principal
stations thence Snrf (connection
for Lompoc). principal stations
¦ thence Santa n*rb*m.San Buen*-
' ventnra. Saujrus. Loa Angeles... 13-43*
••CO* Stn Jose. Tre» Plnot, C*pltola,
SantaCrnx.PaclflcfiroTe.Sallnaa,
San Luis Oslspo and Principal
Way Station* 4.10*
1030* San Jose aad Way Stations 1.20*
11-30* Santa Clara. San Jose. Los Qatpa
and Way SUtlon* „ 7.30p
U0* 8an Jo«e and Way Stations ....... 8-4&*
k.CCr Del Monte KxDre**— Saota Clara.
San Jour. Del Monte. Monterey.
PaclBc Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Panta Cru. Houtder
CreeK and Karrow Cause Points)
st GitTQj for Hollluer. Tret
Pino*, at CastrnTliie for Salinas. 12H*
3-30* Tres Pinoa W»t Passenger 1fl4i*
4 30* Hu Jose and Way Stations ta.OO*
> tSOOr San Jose, (via Saota Clara) Loa
Uatoa. and Principal Way St*
/ tlons (except 8nn«J»r» <*) GO*
t6-Z0i- SanJoseand Principal Way Stations 43. 4O*
S'tO* bvnset Limited.— Kedwoxi. Sao
Jose, G!!roy,SaIlna».PsjK» Koblea.
' - Stn Luis Oblspo. hanta C.ir*>ara.
Lot Anceles, iteming. Kl Pmo.
Kew Orleans. New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Bsnta Crm
snd at CoMtroTll]* for Paclno
GroTeand Way Stations 7.13a
1Q.1E* EanMateo.n«rr«forJ.lielmont.Saii
Larloa. IC^Uw.hkI. Fair Oaka.
UenloParfc. Palo Alto r8.41*
B-70v S*n Jo*«ami Way Station*. 6 33 »
8 00* Palo Alto %a<X Way Buttons 10.15*
11.20* south dun Francisco. MIUl>rae.Dar-
llnitame. San Mitro, Uelanont.
San Carlo*. Uedwood. Fair Otiks,
Menlo Park, and r«K> Alto 9 4S»
«1V30* MayfleLI. Mountain View. Snnny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clan and
»¦"»•>"" t9.45i
_ A tor MornlDK- P tor A f ternoon-
1 Bnndny eseepted. t Snnday ©air • - '
a Satunlaj only.
I Stops at all stations on 8nnday.
H*"Only trains stopping at Valencia St. «outhhoi»
sre»:W a. m..7:00a.m., U:30a.M n 8:d0rJi.,«:3O *.a.aa
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Sale of Fancy Vests
This is a special sale of broken assortments-— hence the big
reduction./ ..'-"• ' '
• • 1 The Vests are our own. -make— they were values, at their
former prices. . ¦ • ' ¦¦ ' -
' ' They a'fc made in single .and double, breasted- style from
"-.'•¦; matelasse,. silk, silk .mixed"-, worsted, silk mercerized, velvet, all- ,
wool worsted, basket weave and matting;, the. colors arc.black,,
• -.-brown,. blue, :gray.iand)tan^\vith'. heat'; colored 'figures; sizes from
, 33 to" 44 inches cliest. measure. ..
..?'; '__. The fo.'rmcr, prices; were ',$5.00, $+00, $3.50, $3.00 and $2.56.
The special sale price is* *¦!•' •'•"• - ' ; ¦ .
I';':- : .v; •¦•*•¦¦* ¦:•:-•¦-. -$1.85 •-. : ¦*¦-•;
'...; Out-of-Towh 7 Order"9 filled-: Write Us.NEW TORK, Jan. 18. — The fol
lowing Calif ornians are here: From
San Francisco — Dr. Bradstreet. at the
St- Denis; O. M. Brenner, at the Im
perial; E. A. Gilbert, at the Manhat
tan; It. J. Jose and wife, at th* Marl
borough; G. Kcgan, at the York; J.
W. Leavitt. at the Manhattan: F. Lee,
at the Holland; C. SI. Lee, at the Park
avenue; L. Leszinsky and G. H. May
ers, at the Imperial; C. S. Wheeler, at
the Netherlands; N. Conn and wife.
ct the St, Denis; Mrs. A. C. Cook, at
the Herald Square; G. W. Phelps, at
the Hoffman: L. S. Schrang, at the
Herald Square; J. C. Siegfried, at the
Manhattan.
From Los Angeles— R. R. Foster, at
the Criterion; T. McCarthy, at the
Earlingrton.
From San Diego — Mrs. Pratt, at the
St. Denis. - •
Calif ornians In Sew York.
In England alone" tha volume of co- T
operative business '-ts grown^ in the '
last forty years more Itian forty times [
as fast as England's international \
trade, one hundred times as fasi as her j
manufactures and 130 times is fast as |
the population. ; I
/Th2 speed of electricity unobstructed
is that of light, on conductors It Is
comparatively slow. Accordi-gr to
Tixean's experiments, made Ij ISZ'j. it
is 111,600 miles a secon" in copper wire,
and falls to 62.000 in iron. : In trans
oceanic cables it Is ranch less
"Remember the* wcrds of Washing
ton: 'In times cf p^ace prepare for
war.* "
General MacArthur followed, a nd
said that strong convictions were often
accompanied by weak: arguments. He
offered his remarks in the nature of a
suggestion; rather than a* a dogmatic
assertion." He decried the fact that war
was hell and stated that this assertion
was simply a byword which should be
relegated to the. past. He pictured war
as the supreme court of arbitration.
The different speeches were enthusias
tically applauded.
"The last Congress appronriated
more morey for the use of West Point
Military Academy than asy twenty
preceding Congresses had done. Among
the list of names of those that are
most highly revered throughout the
world are the names of Grant and lie-
Kinley, and they were bath profes
sional soldiers:
"Dueling is a relic of barbarism, and
war is barbarism itself. If this nation
of ours goes into war it will not be fc-r
the reason that we are attacked, but
it will be because w« may attemrt to
infringe noon the rights of other peo
ple."
General Charts A. Woodruff fol
lowed. In his opening remarks he paid
a r.oble tribute to th» womanhood of
this country, and said in part:
"Whenever we had been engaged in
strife the wemen have suffered equally
with the men. and have been ready
to make any and every sacrifice for
the national honor.
"Out of the J.6OO.00O men engaged In
the Civil "War the loss in killed and
those that dlsd from wounds amennted
to but 110.000. Future wars trill be ex
pensive In money only.
not far off when all the nations of the
earth will be joined together.
NTW HAVEN. Cera.. Jan. t«— Fir* aad
¦water ro-c!«ht completely wr*?l£*<i tfte Hoa-l
l«y buiU'fn?:. ownri by Miss Hannah Bonnet:.
Loss. M-G.K9.
" SI C. White and P. J. Spencer, stock
men cf Denver, who have been attend
ing the cc-TiVention at Portland, arrived
at the Grand yesterday.
James M- licFarlane . of Denver.
manager of the Western office of the
Pinkerton agency, arrived In this city
yesterday on a tour of inspection.
Colonel Camillo Lauterback of
Dresden, who has been traveling in
South America, arrived here yester
day and is registered at the Occiden
taL ¦ ;
business men of Visalia, arrived at the
California yesterday.
T. E. Gibbon, auditor of the Clark
road, arrived from Lc3 Angeles yester
day and Is staying at the Palace.
J. A. Spoar, president of the Chi
cago Stock Tards Company, and the
members of hi3 family are at the Pal
ace.
J? S. Noble, former superintendent of
the Southern Pacific Company at Og
den. is at the Grand.
"William Burckfcalter and C. A. Ocker.
J. D. Wood, president of the Stc-ck
Growers' Association of Utah, is at the
Palace.
C. E. Turkham, a lumberman of
Red Bluff, is at the Grand.
Simon Wile, a manufacturer of Cin
cinnati, is at the California.
Attorney Fran!; Freeman and wife of i
Willows are staying at the Lick.
A. J. Uphu*. a prominent bus/ness
man of Everett, is at the Grand.
Mark L. McDonald, a capitalist of
Santa Rosa, is at the Occidental
JL, R. Warner, proprietor of Byron
Hoc Springs, and wife are at th<» Oc
cidental. ' ;
PERSOXAIi.
PORTT»ANT>. Or.. Jan. JS. — Th ship Ancacos
cl-ar-^i 'rout h«re to-day izr South Airtca. wlti
1 M.C3U busb«L9 of wheat.
The HcKinnon memorial entertain
ment will be held at the Mechanics'
Pavilion Thursday night. An excellent
programme has been arranged. It will
be divided into three parts. One hour
will be given to music, another to a
military exhibition and the rest of the
evening to dancing.
The band cencert will begin at 7:"3
p. m. The League of the Cross and
the First Infantry bands will partici
pate. The different companies of the
cadet3 will go through a series of mili
tary maneuvers, and Company a of the
First Infantry, which saw active ser
vice at Manila, will give exhibitions of
their military skill.
A sood time is assured by the com
mittee in charge of the affair and all
who attend vrill b° well phased.
League of the Cross Cadets and Com
pany From the First Infantry
Will Participate.
DAYTON. Ohio. Jan. 18. — The Al
lan School building in North Dayton
to-day was destroyed by fire that
started in the basement.' The SCO pu
pils v.-ere got out in safety with the
exception of Ed^ia Baun, a little
cripple, "who was threwn down, tram
pled and fataaly injured in the panic
A man at work in the basement Is
missing and is believed to have been
burned to death.
Ei?ht Hundred Pnpils Escap* With
Exception of a Cripple — Work
man !« 3Iis.« ; In'5.
SCHOOLHOU5E BURXS;
OXE FATALLY IXJTRED
WIIX GIVE McKI>*XOX
MEMORIAL EXTERTAIXJIENT
**If we kecD on progressing as w?
are progressing raw war will become
obsolete within the next twenty-five
years. Improvements hax;e been made
in snite of war. but war has been an
incubus on improvements. The time is
"I know what war is because I have
seen it. War ia said to be helL During
the last twenty-five years from our i
religious standpoint we have abolished j
hell, and in the next twenty-five years
we hope to abolish war. War is cruelty
and a weight on humanity.
The thirteenth annual ladies* night (
of the Unitarian Club of California was j
celebrated last evening at the Palace [
Hotel by a banquet and debate. The j
j long tables In the Maple room were (
j profusely decked with pink carnations,
while the decorations of those in the
ilarble room were of white narcissus.
The subject chosen for discussion was
I "The Future of "War." the pros and
I cons of which were ably handled and (
! most attentively listened to by the au- |
i dience of nearly 25') members and guests j
! of the society. i
' Rev. Jay William Hudson bs^an the
| debate and expressed his views on ths
j subject in a clear and concise manner.
: and paved the way for the other
! speechmakers of the evening. Hon.
! Warren Olney. Mayor of UaSdaBd. was
I very much at home with the subject in
( question. He said in part: ¦
: :
Army Officers and Civilians
Join in Debate at Unitarian
i Club's Annual Ladies' Night
WASHIXGTOX. Jaa. 1%.— The Democratic
National Comaxtttee, hatisg met tn the city at
I wi«a!nir.on, has appointed W'dssiia.-'- th» «5tii
I <iay cf July. 19»"4. as the tine, and chowsa St.
I Lcuis, Mo., as the place for holding tie Demo-
I cratsc National Convention. Ea.cii aute ts ea
| t'tled to representation th-reta double the nusi-
I 6<r cf Irs Senators a=<i Representatives in the
| Cccffr»ss cf th« Vnitthl States, and eacn Terri
tory. AIa«ka. Indian Territory and the District
c* Colun-.bia, shall hare six d-teyates. All the
Democratic citizens cf the Vnlted States vrha
can Mite with us ia tie effort fcr a pur-, eco
! nomical and conat'.tuticnal yovernra«at ar» cor
<H*V.7 tavlted to Jsta us ta sesdiny delegates to
ti« convention. "
r a xr*^^ 1 ? *¦ JOXES - Chairman.
C. A. WAL^H. Secretary.
Chairman Jones has announced th«
personnel of the committee on arrange
ments for the Democratic National
Convention and has called a meeting
¦of that committee for February 2 n«xt
at 10 o'clock a. m. in the Southern Ho
tel, St. Louis. The membership of the
committee is as follows: James K
Jones, chairman ex-officio; William J.
Stone, vice? chairman ex-officio- J M*
jGufrey. Pennsylvania; D. J. Campau,"
| Michigan: N. EL Mack. New York- J
G. Johnson, Kansas: John R. McLean'
Ohio; J. M. Head. Tennessee; John E.
Osbcrne. Wyoming.
TVASHINGTOX, Jan. IS.— The follow
in? official call was issued to-day for
the assembling of the Democratic Na
tional Convention in St. Lcuia on July
S next:
BHRX*rN\ Jan. IS. — Further advices
tram Geman Bosl&vcst Africa say the
(lerercs are mur-fering- se:tl£rs and
'•burring homestead.- over wide areas.
" The German cc4a-iai troops in the dis
turbed <iiEtricts s.r-2 «tnQ7 insuf5cier:t
to £eal •with the revolted natives.
Chancellor ven Bulow submitted to
Umperor William yesterday the <I!s
tatches received en. the subject by the
Goversmer-t. ar.'I the Emperor sent for
War Minister ven Einem and Admir
alty Secretary voa Tlrpitz. The de
cision of t-he ccsference tvas to ask the
Reichstag Imtaediately to- authorize the
Eerdiss out of rainforcemezts.
. Addressing- the Eeiehstas immediate
ly after it had assembled to-day, tho
Chancellor sai-3 it had become his duty
* to l^.fcrra the Hogs* cf the serious
petition cf the Oerrncn settlers in
Southwest Afi~.es tiro-j^h the revolt of
the Ker^rcs. They had killed a era
• ber cf eettiers. ubo were Seeing to the
. stations, had destrcyed houses and
farm improvements and had driven cf!
cattle cf a crest number of farmers.
* Ttho trere zin-x- usable to have the pro
tection of the stations.' The ins-.^rrec
tion came &t a due when the Governor
*g.nl a large pcrtion cf. the colonial
troops were sufc.iuir.g the Bond'riz'ararx
» mbe. twenty days' march away. In
I consequence cf this, and the remaining
" forces b«;irj£ scattered arr-.czg the pre
• vlous £!a.ces cf refuge in the middle
. T the cclozy. the natives -*-»re s«-
FUTURE OF WAR
IS DISCUSSED
Germany Bushing Harines to
South Africa to Pat Down
an Insurrection of Natives
Chairman Jones Summons the
National Convention to Meet
in St. Louis on Jnlv 6
Yarmouth, England, exported over
m.CCO barrel3 of cured herrings ta the
Continent during the last year.
"Wife (In her latest dress from Pari3>
—Harry, what's the difference between
a "gewn" and a "creation"? Harry— I
can't give the exact figures, but it's a
siAll fortune. — Punch.
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS.— The United
States Supreme Court again to-day re
affirmed the ruling made in the case of
Carter V3. the State- of Texas, to the
effect that the exclusion of negroes
from Grand Juries in cases involving
criminal charges against members oZ
their race, is Li violation of the con
stitution and therefore not permissible.
The decision was delivered by Justice
Holmes in tha case of a resident of
Alabama narced Rogers, who was in
dicted for murder by a Grand Jury
composed entirely of white men and
from which it is chargsd that ai!
negroes were excluded because of their
color. Ths Supreme Court of the State
upheld the regularity of the proceed
iigs. but Rogers brought it to the Fed
eral court on a writ of error, with the
result that the decision or the State
court was re**erssd and the case re
manded to the State courts for further
proceedings, not inconsistent with to
day's opinion.
The opinion was based on the Carter
case. In which it was held that "the
exclusion of all persons of the African
race from a Grand Jury which finds an
indictment against a negro in a State
court, when they are excluded solely
because cf race or color, denies him
The inauguration of the new rates
is expected to be followed shortly by
the adoption of an Increased tariff on
eastboand fref^ht. although no def
inite date has ye: been set for a con
sideration of the advances.
Several of the new ratss that wens
originally Included in the tariff sched
ule that went into eiTect yesterday
have already been changed as a result
of protests from shippers who wer»
able to satisfy the railroad companies
that the industries to which they ap
plied would be seriously aSTected.
It Is expected that* further changes
will be made, but to what extent ia
only a matter for sr^cvilation.
The new ¦westbound freight tariiT.
adopted several months ago by the
Western ra!lroad3 and which changes
the rate on about 120 different com
modities, went Into effect yesterday.
Schedule Increases the Westbound
Rates on More Tban One Hun
dred Different Commodities.
Supreme Court Declares That
Colored 3fen 3Iust Not Be
Barred on Account of Bace
NEW FREIGKT TARIFF
HAS BECO3IE EFFECTIVE
NEGROES MAY
DO JURY DUTY
equal protection of the laws in violation
of the fourteenth amendment of th*
constitution 'cf the tmited States.
whether scch exclusion is through th3
action 0* the Legislature, through tho
courts or through the executive or ad
ministrative offcers cf the State."
OFFICIAL CALL
TO DEMOCRATS
WILD HEREROS
SLAY SETTLERS
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS. — As no
mention Is made in official dispatches
received by either the State or Navy
departments from Seoul and Chernul-
Criticism of Marines Unfounded.
The Government, before the last dis
patch had been received, had ordered
oM men. with six machine guns and
.six pieces cf artillery^ to fce placed at
readiness for active service, but a start
would not be made until January 30.
The serious Intellig-ence now at hand
made it necessary to send out imme
diately a battalion of 500 marines in
addition to the other troocs, with a
complement cf guns and railroad pio
neers. These would embark on Thurs
day on a North German Lloyd l!ner
and would arrive at Swakorapund. Ger
man South Africa, on February 8. Xhe
gunboat Habicht had b-?en ordered from
Cape Town and was due to arrive at
Swakam.cur;d tQrdajC Moreover, 2300
men previously dispatched would reach
Stvakompund 03 February 3.
The German people, continued the
Chancellor, would ansirer the call for
help oi the faithful servants of the
state and the colonists. The Chancellor
alluded brieSy to the financial require
ments necessary an-i said these would
fce prcvid sd later. The Reiclistag warm
ly applauded the Chancellor's state
ment.
riously threatTing Okajumdjy, Oto
ja=biagwe and Karabib and even Win
hee'x itself.
Monran and Daniel Attempt to Pre
vent Consideration of Treaty.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 18. — While the
Panama canal question has been be
fore the Senate on general principles
HEATED DEBATE IN" SENATE.
Bennington Reaches Panama.
WASHINGTON, Jan. IS.— The United
States fieet at Panama has been aug
mented by the gunboat Bennin^ton and
the torpedo-boat destroyers Preble and
Paul Jones, which have arrived there
from San Francisco.
Trustee Ins gave notice cf a motion
to reconsider, at the same time declar
ing that the inauguration of Cof
fey meant turning over the town
to the gamblers. He asserted that Cot
fey was the creature of Bart Cava
caugh, a local politician and former
poolroom owner. Trustee Pcpert came
to the defense cf Coffey. saying he had
known him always as an honest man
and good citizen.
Many have regarded the contest for
chief as involving th? preposition
whether 'Sacramento should remain a
"closed" town or .whether it would
permit prohibited, games to run. Cot
fey, however.Vieclares he shall strictly
enforce- the State andL-city lay.-s, .but
that he shall b- guided- By instructions
from the Mayor and Board of Trustees
as to whether he shall allow gambling
to go - during the State Fair season.
Coft>y was appointed a week ago by
JIayor Kassett to succeed Chief Sulli
van, who received his appointment
from former Mayor Clark.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. IS.— The contest
for the position of Chief of Police cul
minated at a stormy session of the
Board of Trustees to-night when by
the votes of Trustees Popert. Black.
Callahan. Me E wen and Carragher.
Martin Coffey was declared chief.
Trustees Ing. Farley. Tibbets and
Elkus voted to refuse confirmation and
retain the incumbent, John E. Sulli
van-
Special Dispatch to The CS.II.
Senate Foreign Relations Committee
Favors Three Alterations.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. Is.— The Senate
Ccmirittee ca Fcreig-n R?latic=s to
<*-ay directed Senator Cullom to report
the Panama treaty with three amend
rr;»r:ts. The HepubUcan members vo
ted Car the treaty, but only two Demo
crats — Moriran and Money — were pres-
TREATY SLIGHTLY AMENDED.
Martin Coffey.Wins the
Votes of Board at
Sacramento.
ST. PKT hi HSBXTRO. Jan. 13- — The
Czar and Czarina wUl return to St. Pe
tersburg this week. The Czarina. +,**
recovered troza her indisposition.
Czarina Has RreoYered-
SEOUL* Jan. IS. — The Government
declares the reports of disturbances on
the northern frontiers to be unfound
ed, but !t seems to think tnat a ris.zs
of the people is probable.
Fears a Rislnz of Koreans.
jj Correspondent Explains Russia's Snd
dra Chance of Attitude.
LONDON, Jan. 13.— A Russian cor
respondent cf the Times comments on
the extreme significance of the fact
I thatSthe Czar's New Tear's peace mes
! sage became known In St. Petersburg
I cniy through the retransmission from
j New Tork of the Associated Press dis
\ patch from St. Petersburg, which ccn-
J tained the Czar's exact words, not only
to Kurino. the Japanese Minister, but
: to the other diplomats assembled at th?
[ winter palace. The correspondent says:
I "Such a message could be published
In Russia only with the special per
mission of the Government and it In
dicates an aspect of the sitiiatlon which
has a great d?al more to do with Rus
sia's present attitude than i3 generally
understood."
The correspondent, goes on to say:
"Nothing surprised the Russians so
much during the past year as the great
alteration in the sentiments of the
American people toward Russia, and
CREDITS PEACE TO AMERICA.
American 3Ilnistcr to Korea Sends Re
quest for Reinforcements.
WASHIXGTOX. Jan. IS. — Minister
Allen at Seoul. Korea, has made a re
quest of the State Department taat th
legation guard be Increased. The Min
ister's request has been referred to thi
Navy Department, which is consider
ing means of sending core marines
from Cavite to Chemulpo. It will re
quire abet; a week to reinforce the
present guard.
CALLS FOR 3IORE MARDTES.
SACRAMENTAN WHO WAS
ELECTED POLICE CHIEF
AFTER BITTER CONTEST.
Russia recognizes Japan's predomi
nance ia Korea and Japan recognizes
i Russia's special position in Manchuria.
j There are two main Questions still at
1 issue — the Russian demand for a neu
tral zone upon the Korean side of the
Talu River, which Japan met with a
proposal for a similar strip on the Man
; churian side. Japan also asks for cer
i tain guarantees covering Manchuria,
i which Russia thus far has declined to
; grant. It is pointed out. however, that
I the assurances given a few days ago by
Russia regarding open ports in Man
churia and respect for treaty rights 13
a concession on this point.
That the two countries are not so far
apart may be fairly inferred from the
following statement made by Kurino,
the Japanese Minister:
"War would now only be disastrous
\ to both countries. Owing to the gao
< graphical situation armed conflict
[would result in a great drain on the
I men and treasure of both, Japan and
I Russia without being decisive. Besides
i I believe it would not be worth whil»
j to* go to war on the questions still in
j dispute.**
There is a strong Indication that.
! through the Czar's personal acts, the
• peace party is completely in the as
,' cendant. Bezobrazoff. the head of the
i war party, has grone abroad: Foreign
'. Minister Lamsdorff, who from the-be
| ginning has favored peace, 13 now com
pletely rehabilitated, and Viceroy Alex
} if- ff ha3 been made subservient to the
j Foreign Office In the Russo-Japanese
| negotiations. His extensive powers are
j curtailed and he can make no move
I without the Czar's personal approval.
i In fact the fresh assurance conveyed
j through Embassador Cassini to the
j authorities in Washington of the recog
| nltion of the tights acquired by the
I Chinese treaty is largely attributed «to
' Count Lamsdorff's Influence. Diplo
matic circles regard Count Lamsdorffa
conduct of the negotiations under the
Czar's direction as a very hopeful sign.
Another strong influence on the side
of peace has been the attitude of
Witte, president of the Council of
State, who has been bending his ener
gies toward avoiding a conflict.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. IS.— The
Associated Press correspondent on high
authority. is able to give the following
as the present status cf the negotia
tions between Russia and Japan:
The meat was packed In especially
built casks, which arrived in South
Omaha last week. The work of pack
ing- the meat was hurried with all pos
sible speed. The fifty-one cars of
meat will roll into San Francisco on
January 27 and will 'be loaded on a
steamship, which will leave for the
Orient oa February 2. The meat will
be taken to Porf Arthur Instead of to
Vladivostok, as the harbor r.t the lat
ter port Is now ice-bound. From Port
Arthur the meat will be transported
overland to various points in Manchu
ria and Siberia.
OMAHA. Xeb., Jan. IS.— Three trains
numbering fifty-one cars of extra
beef are on their way to the Pacific
Coast from the Cadahy Packing plants
in Omaha, Sioux City and Kansas City.
Twenty-five of these cars started thi3
afternoon from South Omaha, twenty
four from Kansas City and two from
Sioux City. The meat Is intended for
the Russian soldiers in Manchuria and
tv as a "rush," order.
Cndahy Ship* First Consignment of
the Russian "Rash" Order.
THREE TRAIM.OADS OF BEEF.
The Daily Mail's Peking" correspond
ent reports the arrival ia Manchari*
by railway of four more Russian regi
ments and thinks that Russia intends
to wait until she ha3 300,000 men avail
able.
Th» special cablegrams from Toklo.
on the other hand, still reSect the belli
cose feeling cf the Japanese press and
people and suspicion of the Russian
assurances. The Standard's Toklo cor
respondent says that another confer
ence of the Elder Statesmen is about to
be summoned.
All of the special cablegrams from St.
Petersburg published In this morning's
papers confirm the belief that the ten
sion has been greatly relaxed: bat, ac
cording to the correspondent of the
Parts edition of the New York Herald,
there is a strong feeling In official Quar
ters In St. Petersburg against the rep
resentatives of both Great Britain and
the United States.
nothing has been kept so cicaely la
view as the possibility, which was to be
avoided at all hazards, of serious com
plications with the United States. The
ratification cf the Chlna-Ainericaa
treaty may be said to have cut the
ground from nader Russia's feet, and
in the circumstances Russia tad no ta
in* to do but to acquiesce"
The Czar to receiving the Ministers
In state at Tsarkoeselo on Sunday de
clared, says the Daily Mail's St. Peters
burg correspondent, tbat all daagsr cf
a conflict was now ended.
po, reflecting oa the conduct cf the
American marine guard at the Korean
capital, the officials here feel Quite
t ure that the reports of boisterous be
havior on their part are without foun
dation.
Czar's Expressed Desire to Avert War in the Orient Places the Peace Party
in the Ascendant in St Petersburg and the Extensive Powers of
Admiral Alexieff, the Far Eastern Viceroy, Have Been Curtailed
H^plylcg to this, en January 9. Sec
retary Hay says that he finds almost
all the propositions brought forward
,in the second note have been eonsid-
Vred zr.5. fullv answered by th<» note cf
the 5th ri J;»-ua.:-r.
Ur.cer date cf January 6 General
XLeyes RZtatftS another note to Secre
tary Ear. in which he says he has
transmtttp-l Secretary Hay's answer to
T::s statement of grievances to his
OcT-errmer.t by cable. The Secretary's
rfcte is construed, he says, as an int!
matfoa Chst tfc* Colombian forces wili
fce attached by the United States en
their entering tie territory at Panama
to subdue the rebellion, and for that
y&scn :t would hold the Government
'cf the United States for all damages
caused to it fcy the loss of that na
tional territory.
RETES MARES A THREAT.
of the republic cf Panama a new situ
tticn was created. On one hand stood
the Government of Cclcmbla. invoking.
in the name of the treaty of 1S45. the
£id cf this Government in its efforts
to suppress the revolution; on the other
hand sto<jd the republic of Panama.
that had come into being in order that
the great design of that treaty might
net be forever frustrated, but might
he fulfilled. The isthmus was threat
ened with dissolution by another civil
*y» 2Ccr were the rights and inter
ests cf the United States alor.e at stake.
The interests o* the whole civilized
wcr!«i were involved. The republic of
Panama steer', tat the interests: the
Colombian Government opposed them.
Compelled tcr choose between these two
alternatives, the Government of the
United States, ia no wise responsible
fcr the situation that had arisen, did
ret hesitate. It recognized the i-ie-
PWtflfnre cf the republic cf Panama
and cjoa its judgment and action in
the «ts-rger.cy the powers of the world
hare set the seal of their approval."
Under all the circumstances, cays the
Secretary, the department is unable to
regarti ihe complaints cf Colombia
•rairrt this Government as having any
valid fou-diticn.
Morgan supported his written state
ment with a brief speech and was im
mediately followed by Daniel with a
resolution declaring against the policy
of reporting any treaty or bill until
each member shall have offered any
amendments he may desire to present.
Senator Daniel declared that the
course of the committee had been both
precipitate and unfair and urged, that
th*> treaty should be recommitted for
further consideration.
Replies were made by Senators Cul
lom. Spooner and Allison. Speaking
as chairman of the Committee on For
eign Relations. Cullom said that the
treaty had been in committee for al
most a month before it was taken up.
He conceded that during the greater
portion of this time Congress was not
In session, but said he had called the
committee to meet on the first regular
meeting: 'lay after the Senate convened
and that at his instance it had been
holding daily sessions most of the time
¦ince. He declared that very careful
cor.siiiera.tlon had been given to all the
details connected with the treaty, and
said that instead of precipitancy being
manifested the committee had given
the utmost consideration to all sug
gestions for amendments and had
adopted some of them.
Ko action was taken on Daniel*3
resolution or Morgan's protest, but be
fore the Senate adjourned Cullctn- gave
notice that he would ask the Senate
to take up the treaty tOi-morrow or
"Wednesday, and. until disposed of, to
consider it from day to day to the ex
clusion of other business.
during the greater part of the present
session, the Panama canal treaty was
not reported until to-day. It had no
sooner been reported favorably to the
Senate in executive session than it be
came the subject of heated contro
versy. Senator Cullom made the re
port in favor of the treaty, whereupon
Senator Morgan, as a member of the
committee, at once entered a formal
protest against the acceptance of the
report, oa the ground that when the
committee decided to report the treaty
an amendment was still under con
sideration, and that he had not had
time to present an amendment looking
to the striking out of article 22 of the
treaty, in which Panama renounces
her right to participation in the earn
ings of the canal wherv built.
Majority members of the committee
say that .for two weeks the treaty has
been under discussion and they felt
that amp!* time had been given to it3
consideration.
ent. The former voted agaisst the
treaty and Money said that he had not
yet had time to consider it, as it was
the first meeting of the committee he
had been able to attend.
The three amendments relate to san
itation, limitation of cities and control
of harbors. The United States, by the
amendment relating: to sanitation, is
granted more direct power in all sani
tary regulations. The amendment con
cerning the limitation cf cities more
specifically defines the limits of Pan
ama, and Colon in relation to the canal
zone. The harbor amendment gives
the United States control of the har
bors for the purposes of improvement.
On Saturday at the meeting of the
Foreign Relations Committee Senator
Lodge offered a motion, which was
agreed to, providing' that at the next
meeting of the committee the pending
amendments should be disposed cf and
the question cf reporting the treaty to
the Senate taken up. Members of the
minority say that none of their mem
bers were present when the motion o*
Senator Lodge was adopted- To-day
when the committee met the absentees
were Senators Foraker, Bacon. Clark
(Mont.). Clark (Wye), and McCreary.
All the amendments were subject to
final acticn. though one or two had
been tentatively agreed to.
After they had fceen incorporated in
the treaty to-day Morgan moved to
strike out article 12. of the treaty,
which provides for the completion of
negotiations with the new Panama
Canal Company for their rights and
concessions en the isthmus. Senator
Lodge insisted that this pas not a
rending amendment under the resolu
tion adopted on Saturday, and it was
ruled out of order. An amendment had
been prepared by Senators Bacon and
Foraker relating to appeals to United
States courts in certain cases arising in
the canal zone. This was voted down.
Senator Morgan protested against this
action, saying that the amendment
should not be acted uson in the absence
cf Senators who had offered it. Pro
test also was made by the minority
against the cutting oft cf opportunity
to vote rn the amendment striking out
article 22.
Continued From Page 1. Column O.
CORRESPONDENCE OF REYES AND HAY
IS MADE PUBLIC BY THE PRESIDENT
TWO MAIN QUESTIONS YET AT ISSUE
IN THE RUSSO-JAPANESE IMBROGLIO
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. JANUARY 19, 1004.
POLICE CHIEF
IS NAMED IN A
STORMY SESSION
3
. Something New
in nats
for j. 00
|3^C iLr- x We have made arrangements
' : with a large hat factory
l£S^ /\ whereby we can sell a $1.75
*V hat for $i.co. We have agreed
JL'^t to ta * ce e * n an inimense
'. \&£0h* qnantity direct from the fac-
T -^W$&i&^y J0 ¦'¦'¦'¦'¦ ~y : ' tor\% so we purchase at a good
'" ;l^TS^^r _.^*^-.j;."-^." price. This, together with a
¦¦^'"^^g? "jgrZ~~ f - ¦'¦ ~~f close margin of profit, enables
us to sell these good hats for
a price within every one's
They corne in soft snd stilt J$^i&«^?*&
shapes, in black and colors. , i5§iP^§fe;£!?.\ --*.
By actual comparison we (ffe^^^^^^
hat was selling in one store \L
in another at S1.S5 arid in still W^^S "^^" "^^® ''''
another at $i.oo. wP
The, hats are in our win- '^'--^K^,
dows — see the quality for your- . jj*L
self. "'**.¦:;; \fe^gj^-^
Out-oi'iown orders filled — write as £**"**" — -*™^* J&B^
740 Market Street
DB. PIEBCE'S BE2IZDIES.
' . nct-eh.O"w the original sigss-
tsn of the individual voicsteexxsgr the tss-
timanisl below, and also of «very tsstisio-
eial asicnp the thousands which thzy are
constantly publishin5raKe5tin-r the superior
ccratfv; properties of, their several acdi-
circs, aad urns- proving tic gencinccess
and reliability of ill Ihe aaltitcde of testi-
monials volunteered oj jiatefsl people, in
tbeir be&alt •
WOILD'S BlS?TXSAS.T 3XESICAI. ASSO-
CIatiox, Proprietors, Buffalo, K. Y.
THE REASON. — Tacre ia no.iasdicine
cq^al to Dr. Pisrcs's Golden Msdical Dis-
covery, for purifying the blood. ItcarriM
off the poisons which contaminate the life
ftsid. It increase* tne activity of the
blsod-nxakinjr glands and gives the bo<:y
aa increased snpply of pnre, body-bnildini;
blood. It bn-ilda n? ths body with sonsd.
healthy fiesa instead of fiabby fat. pro-
motes the appetite, feeds the rerves, and
so gives to wcik, nervocs. people vitejity
1 22a vigor.
"•Aboat a year «r» I lad a ic; bad 0)05*1
and feared "it would , ma fato cocsrrsipticn."
write* Hon. Geo. W. LttscU. or 17 Masos Street.
¦Wcrcsster. Mass. »WUea a severe artact of
cac^binf woald come on rcnutia j wculd set in.
Matter accnmalated in cose «sd my torsils
were irritatiKL After reidinj of tie wondertnl
cares resaltia; fcoa Er. Piercs's Gcldea Med-
ical Djsarrenr bejaa to use it. witli some donbts
as ta the good it -crock! do sxe. I ia f — n'c ta
s«r. Bat. after I laxl ased otrs bottle I coticed
qrote a change fcr tl»e better. Ordered frre more
bottles aad before I bad used thea stt tee cure
wu complete. There is not now a trace cf
coash or cold ia sty systea and my heanJa is
perfect^ -. ," ' : ' ¦
: To gain knowledge of yonr own body — ia
sickness and.health— «nd fcr^the People's
Common Sense Medical Adviser. A book
of zooS pages. Send 21 cents ia stamps for
paper-covered, cr r 31 stamps for doth-
boend copy. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, 663
Main Street, Bc&lc, N. Y.
AJVEBTTFrTSTEKTS.
LEST YOU FORGET
We Remind You of Our |
Overcoat Sale
In Special Lines now going on. Yon can't
afford to miss it : : : : :
Old Price New Price
$10.00 OVERCOATS. .$ 8.50
$12.50 OVERCOATS.. $ 9.75 [
I Sb'.OO OVERCOATS. .$12.00
| S20.00 OVERCOATS.. $16.00 1
$2>.00 OVERCOATS. 1 MI nn ;/£&
i $2oO OVERCOATS.! 521 ' 00 !
] $30.00 OVERCOATS. .$25.00 jj
(L Sizes to fit euerr/bodr/.
RQOS BROS.
KEARNY AT POST
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
Tiii *=i=« rcr the t^jd. coaHirted tr tbm
Slsttra et 3*erty. U •iia*t«l at E»n Diero.
cceaa. ..fc* cii=»te Is cceaiaer«l the Caeat ta OUCil DC5v aCnlilinaf S X5eSt
th« wcrid. fre« frc=» %rtre=:<!i of fc«.t or coid.
t^^rt^^^Tt^-9'SS^SZ ""^ tl *e poor would be richei
•ccerllE* to «jt» aaS rwrafr^ns-rt*. For fortber r
«rci7 tn Ei-te- Eaafrior St. J*- \OX USltlcr.
m+vfr* £*ntinuia. E»- Diera. Cai. 77^5
Weekly Call, SI p$r Year Your 2 rocers ; S < S 1 =^|OAKLAND'S MAYOR AND
FIVE MEMBERS OF THE
WATER COMMITTEE.
FINDLAY. Ohio, Jan. 18. — The
Turners' Opera-house, of this city was
totally destroyed by fire to-day. Loss
$40,000. The opera-house was "dark"
when the fire started.
Fire Destroys an OperaiHouse.
WOODLAND, Jan. 18. — William
Congrave, a pioneer settled of Yolo
County, committed suicide in this city
this afternoon. During the temporary
absence of his family.Congrave got his
son's rifle, placed the muzzle against
hie left breast and fired. He was 68
years of age. Despondency because of
illness was the cause. .
Yolo Pioneer Commits Suicide.
Councilman Fitzgerald Recovers.
OAKLAND, Jan. 18. — City Coun
cilman George Fitzgerald has recov
ered from his recent serious attack of
typhoid pneumonia.
BERKELEY, Jan. IS. — The South
ern Pacific Company has inaugurated
a forty-minute schedule on its local
train system. The East Berkeley train
stops only at Sixteenth street , after
leaving Golden ~-te, while the West
Berkeley train goes through and
picks up passengers at Shellmound,
Emeryville, B street and Sixteenth
street.
Reduces Time on Local Line.
OAKLAND, Jan. 21. — The fun
eral of Mrs. Sophie Magnes, who
died last Thursday, was held to
day from the family residence, 1009
Castro street, the services being con
ducted by Rabbi Friedlander of the
First Hebrew Congregation. . The pall
bearers were Nathaniel Rosenberg. N.
Wachs, Abraham Jonas, Judge George
Samuels, M. Eisenburg and Marcus
Jonas.
Mrs.'Magnes' Funeral.
OAKLAND, Jan. 18. — W. H. L.
Hynes, the Rev. J. B. McNally and
William Walsh spoke before the City
Council to-night in protest against the
location of the Pacific Incinerating
Company's plant at Twenty-second
and -Wood- streets. Consideration was
postponed a week. Councilman How
ard said he would favor the abroga
tion of the city's contract with the
company unless the site proposition
was settled at once.
Protest Against Incinerator.
OAKLAND. Jan. 18. — The funeral
of the Rev. George Mooar, who died
yesterday at Fabiola Hospital, will be
held at 2 p. m. Wednesday from the
Plymouth - avenue Congregational
Church, of which the deceased was
p&stor for more than fifteen years.
Funeral of Dr. George Mooar.
OAKLAND, Jan. 18. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Martin Felix,
23, San Francisco, and Elvira de Pass,
20, Oakland; Jacob W. Ray, 25. Stock
ton, and Minnie B. Faught, 23, San
Francisco; Angeli Guliermo, 23, and
Delina Barbagelata,23, both of Tera
escal; Frank Roderick, 24, and Mary
Swartz, 19, both of Oakland; Clarence
G. Dains, 22, Oakland, and Ella Bur
rill, 21, Folsom; Nelson Coffin, 33, and
Emily Gilmair, 25, both of Jleno, Nev.;
Henry J. Bockmann, 30, San Lorenzo,
and Emma H. Reiter, 28, Haywards.
Marriage Licenses.
BERKELEY. Jan. 18. — Fearing
that her husband had deserted her,
Mrs. Bes?ie Howell. whose marriage
to Dr. Gardner Howell of New York
Hfter a four days' courtship created a
sensation in November last, told some
Oakland friends of her supposed pre
dicament and went home to her pa
rents, Mr. r.nd Mrs. Jacob Bash of
South Berkeley. The husband re
turned to his wife to-day, however,
and in an interview at the Bash home
said that he had been ill in a San
Francisco hospital. He sent a mes
sage to his wife, but it did not reach
her.
Husband's Return Quells Fears.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley, head
of the English department at the Uni
versity of California, wishes it under
stood that he is not covertly sinking a
dagger into the back of co-education
simply because he has barred the wo
men students out of his course on
"Great Books" this term. In an inter
view he said to-day that his sole pur
pose in shutting the door against wo
men was to make co-education more
efficient so far as his own classes are
concerned. This, he says, cannot be
done where the women crowd into the
classroom so thickly that a poor, lone
man cannot squeeze throngh the door.
That is not co-education.
Professor Gayley's idea is that as
sociation in the classroom is not the
valid and vital principle of co-educa
tion. He barred the women out of his
'"Great Books" course because there
were too many of them, but next term
he will put the same restriction on the
men. In the meantime he is evening
up matters by permitting co-eds only
to enter his class on Shakespeare, the
men being shoo'ed away as fast as they
come. •".:.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Jan. 18.
OAKLAND. Jan. 18.— Lorenzo
Hamburger, a despondent bartender,
committed suicide last night by cut
ting his throat with a pocket knife iu
a room at Fred Johnson's lodging
bouse, 1054 Broadway. Hamburger's
tody was found on a bed. In a coat
pockejt was a note, as follows:
'This a bad world. A better, one
hereafter. Live well. Addressed to
Leo Kuchs — I came to see you, but
could not find you."
Hamburger formerly worked for
Henry Klee. a saloon-keeper at Em
eryville. He was 45 years of age, a
native of Germany, unmarried. The
Coroner took charge of the case.
Body of Lorcnz Hamburger. Who Cuts
Throat With a Pocket Knife,
Found at Lodging-House.
DESPONDENT BARTENDER
COMMITS SUICIDE
Head of the English Depart
ment at the University of
California Defends Himself
GAYLEY DEFINES
CO-EDUCATION
The flames started in the flooring un
der the large fireplace in the louneing
loom. Clarence Croweil and Kendall
Fellows, club members, noticed the odor
of burning wood and tore away the
boards about the opening, a blaze
ebooting: up from the aperture to the
ceiling. An alarm of fire was sounded
that brought the department apparatus..
Fire Chief Ball directed his men and
so carefullv handled the flames that
eerious damage to the rooms was avert
ed. The fire ate through the flooring
and to Bowman & Co.'s drugstore
below, causing some damage there.
In the club rooms the large wooden
hand-carved Egyptian mantel around
the fireplace was badly scorched, but
was not irreparably injured. The paint
ings, piano and elaborate furniture
were moved out of harm's way by tne
club attendants and a corps of volun
teerr, club members, attracted to the
rooms by the fire.
The losses to the club and to the
building are covered by insurance. Re
pairs w ill be made at once, that the
rooms shall be in readiness for the
club jinks on January SO. This is the
third fire from which the Nile Club
has suffered sinci* its organization.
The first ono occurred three years ago
in the Bacon block, when a defective
prat- c-aused considerable damage.
This was followed a year ago by the
destruction of th«» Bacon block, which
¦'viped out the club's quarter*?. The
new home, unique and elegant, has
been completed only two months.
Fire at 10 o'clock this morning threat
ened the destruction of the Nile Clubs
beautiful home at 1107 Broadway. By
prompt and efficient work of the fire
department the richly furnished apart
ments were saved, but not until con
siderable damage had been done to the
luxurious hangings, frescoing and other
interior furnishings.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1115 Broadway. Jan. 18.
A fharp contest over a $5000 damage
suit brought by James McKeon, a crip
ple, against Millionaire Joseph L».
Boardman, was begun this morning
with the trial of the suit before Judge
Ogden. Both sides have strengthened
their array of attorneys since the filing
of the suit and this morning . M. C.
Chapman appeared to aid Attorney H.
Berg-en in the prosecution of the case,
while D. M. Deimas of San Francisco
appeared to assist H. C. McPike in the
defense of Boardman. ¦..,-,"•
McKeon. crippled with rheumatism,
was wheeled to the Courthouse and was
the first witness called. He stated that
he had been renting a house of Board
man at 727 Eighth street and that with
out warning or preparation for such
an emergency Boardman sent work
men, who raised the house, disconnect
ed the gas, water and sewer pipes and
hooked to the building and moved
it around to Brush street. He claims
that the house, after being moved, was
left propped up several feet in the air
for three weeks, during which time
he suffered great inconvenience.
Boardman was present in court and
listened apathetically to the recital of
the sorrows; of his former tenant. Both
men are over seventy years' of age.
The trial of the suit will be continued
to-morrow morning.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 18.
Organization Sustains Loss
for the Third Time Durinjr
Its Existence in Oakland
House of Plaintiff Moved With
out Notice and He Seeks
$3000 for Discomfort Suffered
ME3IBERS SAVE PAINTINGS
BIG LEGAL GUXS PRESENT
Beautiful Home on Broadway
Is Damaged by Flames That
Start From Defective CU-atc
Millionaire Boardman Appears
in Court to Defend Him
self Against James McKeou
FIRE ATTACKS
THE NILE CLUB
CRIPPLE SUES
HIS LANDLORD
COUNCIL COMMITTEE FILES REPORT
REGARDING WATER SUPPLY FOR CITY
P roposal of Bay Cities Company, Which Owns Properties in Mount Hamil
ton Range, Is Rejected Because of Expert's Unfavorable .Opinion—Con
tra Costa Corporation Submits Offer to Arbitrate Valuation of Plant
mend to the favorable consideration of the
Council.
Under this conviction Mr. Fitzgerald was
engaged In May to try to establish this value,
and in line with this policy your ccaimittee
!•"« persistently, and consistently worked until
now. . , , ,
Tour .committee, after a careful, survey of
the situation, concluded in the beginning of Its
inquiry that the permanent and complete solu
tion of this problem with its annually, recurring
vexation -and strife ;iay . in ;the purchase' by the
city of the" existing wateV plant, with all its
alle.gpd deficiencies, ' provided'; it could 'be^ob
tained'at a value whlch'.we;migi»t safely com-
' Taking up • the" Contra' - Costa> Com
pany's offer, and that, phi.se generally
of the situation) "¦¦ the s corrirhittee says : . \
"".Do the electors ' who are property-owners
desire to mortgage their, property for the sum
of .56.000,000 to embark In a struggle of in
definite length with an established concern for
a division of its- business, -that yields. in the
gross only $600,000 per annum? * .
The committee adds that it believes
the existing, difficulties will yield to
treatment that will be honorable and
fair to all i Interests concerned. It re
ports that the Bay ¦ Cities Company is
dissatisfied with Expert Fitzgerald's
report and has withdrawn its proposi
tion recently submitted- to, the Mayor
and is preparing a' nev one. ' '
' ¦ CONTRA COSTA' COMPANY.
Apart from \ prejudice ¦ based on the past or
of «ntiment founded not upon a thorough etudy
of the matter in all its bearings, the com
mercial question as It stands at present may
be stated with exactness In the following
manner: .. - ~ •
With these assumptions, which- are too fa
vorable to the city, we .have a possible busi
ness of 5.000,000 gallons per day, which at
10 cento per thousand would yield, a gross in
come of $500 pes. day or $182,500 per ¦ year,
with which to meet ' fixed charges In the ' be
ginning of ,.$390,000 per annum, plus.operat
ing expenses and .renewals.' .
Is it a sufficient answer to say that, al
though during such a struggle the loss to the
city would meet Its compensation in the re
duction of the total cost for water furnished to
the consumer? ¦¦ - ' ' . ¦ :¦..-.
If is safe to . eay . that under the fierceness
of such . rivalry the average • rate would drop
to at least 1O cents per- 1000 gallons, for dur
ing the war between the Contra Costa and
the Oakland companies It went far below that
figure. :, • - •*•::. ,
. It >flnds that .$6,000,000 would be re
quired to carry-through the Bay Cities'
project; requiring ; total annual fixed
charges of $390,000 to meet interest on
bonds and a sinking fund. * The argu
ment is made that to establish this new
plant in the. face of the. installed Contra
Costa system wOuld mean a division of
business and, a slaughtering of rates
and, says the committee:
The committee emphasizes its belief
that the city should own its water sup
ply, but -adds:
The monopolistic control of such a utility
by, a city- and, the mortgaging of its property
to wrest such ' control from another : strongly
entrenched concern are propositions j so ' dif
ferent as to demand cool reflection before de
ciding on a course that may cause future
regret. \
CITY SHOUL.D OWN SUPPLY.
Ab the report of the ¦ expert Is unfavorable
the committee for that reason, if for no other,
cannot commend the proposition to favorable
consideration, because the interests Involved
are too vital to the city to Justify a costly
venture in a scheme which In Mr. Fitzgerald's
opinion would b« at best of problematical
value. ¦ . . : . .
•Doubtless this adverse report will prove a
disappointment, and it»may provoke criticism
and attack, but the committee concluded that
before It could address itself to the commer
cial and financial aspects of this project those
features of jt which were, professional and
technical in their character should first be
settled. - :>¦-,,
he advises adherence to .some standard type
of dam construction. ' " .
5 — He condemns the use. of' wooden stave
pipes for the forcing main between the pro
posed pumping plant and the local distrib
uting reservoirs. .. ¦' .
The bond committee's report on gen
eral municipal improvements will ba
filed next Monday night.
An ordinance, was passed to print re
imbursing . Councilman Howard for
$2500 advanced as" a fee to Expert Fitz
gerald,, who - has gone to . Manila to
handle a waterworks .project for the
United States Government.
The report is signed by the commit
tee as follows: John L. Howard (chair
man), George W.Dornin, B. C. Cuvel
lier, A. H. Elliott and B. H. Pendleton."
The Council adopted a resolution di
recting the president to appoint a spe
cial committee of three to select an ex
pert for the city on the proposed board
of arbitration.
Let them In the interest of economy and ef
ficiency . buy the services of the most compe
tent engineer attainable and give him full ad
ministration charge with the responsibility for
the outcome.
Starting- with that class of men who would
operate the plant upon strictly business prin
ciples, and free from what are known as po
litical influences, they would see to It that In
the filling of vacancies none but. men of their
own grade would be appointed and that the
strictly business policy at first engrafted upon
the system would be continued uninterrupt
edly. '
He may ¦ be trusted to nominate flrst-class
business men of wide experience in large af
fairs, wbO' might object to standing for elect
ive office, but who would serve the city in an
office of appointment.
Mafv A^nes Hutching* to J. H. Aydelotte^
%%S5£sb! s^i^VWV? Si
5 NE 150 NW 65 to beginning, block 17,
d W,Ul l am Birni a eke a i n fs : ingle> to Alice H. Corn
wall (single), lot on E line of Webster street.
75 S of Third. S '^5 by E 75. lot 5. block 16.
Ketlersberger's map. Oakland; $10.
Assaria Bewrick (single) to James H.
O'Brien lot on S line ot Thirty-seventh street.
215 W of Market. W 6O by S 100. lot 12 and
portion of lot 11, block B. map Portion of Mrs.
M J Evoy's property. Oakland; $10.
Edward Andrew Newland to Martha Vw
land lot on NE corner of Seventh and Wash
ington streets, N 50 by E 90. conveys an undi
vided slghth interest acquired from estate of
Mary Newland, Oakland, quitclaim deed; JtO.
Anna B. Barnes (Hughes) (wife of W. E.) to
Julia Zuleika Hayes (wife of Vv. J.), lot on
NE corner of Jefferson and Twelfth streets. E
B0 by N !>5. Oakland (first party reserves nfe
"Mary E. Davis (widow). T. C. and Grace R.
Marsteller to William A. and Juliet E. Middle
ton SW 20 feet of lot 14. parallel with line di
viding lots 13 and 14. and NE 17 feet of lot 13.
parallel with same, block O, map resubdlvlsion
of blocks G and H. Flint Tract. Oakland (deed
made to correct error In description In former
deed); $10. •
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Mary J.
Robinson (wife of Thomas M.), lot on N line of
Thirty-sixth street. 266.35 W of West, thence
N 125 to beginning, etc.. thence from beginning
N 34.44 by E 40. portion of lot 7, map Beck
ett's Addition. Oakland: $10.
Sarah A. and David W. Robinson to Robert
A Smith lot an S line of Simpson avenue,
775-U W of Telegraph. W 30:1 by S 106.33, be
ing W H C* lot 1S and* E 5:1 of. Iot 19, map
Simpson Tract, subdivided for Mrs. . Mary H.
Simpson. August 15, 1SS7, Oakland; $10.
Thomas Foley (widower) to Matthew D. Fo
ley (eon) lotvn E line of Chestnut street. 269
of its intersection with 8 -line of Third. S
23 by E 132. lot 15, block 443. map Adeline
and Market-street Homestead Association. Oak
land; gift.
W. T. and Flora Bell Smith to "W. A. Gran
icher, lot on NW line of Twenty-first avenue
(Aiameda street), 55 SW of East Twentieth
(Jackson) street, SW 35 by NW 100, block 49.
San Antonio. East Oakland; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association (a cor
poration) to Margaret A. Vogler- (widow), iot Jn
cemetery. Oakland Township; $108.
that .such a plant would be, subject to the
evils of political patronage and place hunters
and to abuse by unworthy men who may get
Into power.
We conceive the following plan to be entirely
feasible If legallr practicable:
Enact legislation giving the present Mayor the
power to create a self-perpetuating Board of.
Water Works Trustees.
Aiameda. County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
i Owing to the condition of- water In the res
ervoir, and I to the fact that the water I drawn
from the reservoir during «. -large part of the
year will be mixed ..with, other, waters flowing
from creeks - below the dam,* and : which has
not had the. benefit of storage, the mixed water
will- not, be of good qtlallty, • and in order to
make 'It- of high standard the . cost of . a , filter
ing ¦ plant 'and - the expense .; ofi' Us operation
', must be Incurred.. \
4 — The form^of dam which the plan proposes
while theoretically -unobjectionable, has never
been tried In. the United : States. Because "of
the liability of . selsm|c disturbances . in Cali
fornia he does riot . recommend the ; experiment
with a dam .of such height,'" and on account
of the importance of this part of. the project
The quantity of water available under the
proposed plan will not be a« .'great . as 'that
stated in the company's proposition, and dur
ing long periods of drought, which "have . been
experienced and which may recur, there would
not be a proper supply for the needs-, of '.the
city In the near future considering the" rate "of
Increase In population.
. 2 — Great, confusion , exists " In the law and
decisions in this State regarding water appro
priation. The exact rights and the extents of
such rights in the region under - consideration
cannot now be determined, and they are likely
to become the subject of litigation.:
But- if jthe enforcement of., thsse rights by
riparian owners should have no greater effect
than that stated by the Bay Cities -Wafer
Company ' then the net amount available :*or
the daily u«e of the" city of Oakland would
be reduced to . 11,350,000 gallons. - ¦
¦ ; 3 — Unsatisfactory quality. •*
1 — Insufficiency of supply.
In the report, ..which was read by
John L. Howard, chairman of the spe
cial committee, the reasons for the rec
om.mendat.ioji of. the . Contra Costa
Water Company tender and the setting
aside of the Bay Cities Water Com
pany proposition are given in extended
detail.. The latter company,, in response
to* its request, was invited to 'submit
another proposition. \ . - < 5 ',
After reviewing the preliminary work
the committee's report takes the
Bay Cities' matter and summarizes the
objections made by Expert Fitzgerald.
In this connection the report reads: •
Cities Water Company's proposal to in
stall a supply from its properties in
the Mount Hamilton range, the com
mittee's action being based upon , Ex
pert Desmond Fitzgerald's unfavorable
report upon the project. Instead the
committee has received from the Con
tra Costa Water Company an offer to
submit to a board of arbitration the
long fought question of the value of
its plant, jthe valuation to cover a prop
osition to lease the plant to the city for
twenty years, with option of purchase,
and to .stand as a basis for rate fixing
purposes as well. • ¦ ¦¦ '
This proposition is contained in the
following letter, made a part of the
report:
SAX FRANCISCO. Cal.. Jan. 14, 1904.
Mr John L. Howard, Chairman Committee
on Water Supply— Dear Sir; To settle, if pos
sible the vexed questions concerning the water
supply o£ the city of Oakland, and being con
vinced that any fair board. of arbitration will
find the value of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany to be fully that which the. company as
serts, I make, through your committee, to the
Council and the people of the city of Oakland
the following proposition: '¦ .
1. We will agree to the appointment of a
commission of three competent disinterested
experts, one to be appointed by the city, one
by this company and the two so chosen to se
lect a third, to value that portion of the sys
tem that pertains to supplying the, city of Oak
land. We agree that the value so found shall
be used as a basis for rate fixing purposes. ,
2. We agree to ! sell Eaid property to the
rlty aS. the valuation reached by the commis
sion.'
•:;. We agree to lease that part of our sys
tem to the city of Oakland for the period of
twenty years with an option during that time
of purchasing the property at the valuation
fixed by the commission plus the cost of better
ments and improvementp that may have been
adrird by the company between the date of val
uation and the date of purchase, the city to
pay. rental at the rate'of 5 per cent per:an
nuro. free from taxes, and in the case of non
purchase .to return the property in the condi
tion, in which it was received," maintaining
the efficiency of the plant at the present stand
ard, provlFlon to be made for the payment
by the company of any betterments or addi
tions which may be made by the city during
its lease. Yours very truly, .
WILLIAM. J. DINGEE, President.
BAY CITIES COMPANY.
8. .The city could. change the present illogi
cal system of fla"t rates by" installing meters
and selling water by measure, charging for the
amount consumed.': - ; <". : .-:-•, • -<
-This would have the effect of stopping waste
and >_ promoting In- use. .thereby in
creasing the reserve in the storage supply'.
¦. By 5 making . water bills a Hen < on property
losses .will not be r Incurred, and by malting
bills payable at a central office the cost of ad.
ministration Will be kept low.--,. : - ;
0. • From- : the results hitherto obtained in
this, business we are justified in the belief
that".- a competent management can produce
such* proflta which,/ If applied 'from.^year to
year to reduce the principal debt and the rental
charge, -will enable H to nearly, If not i entirely
pay the original purchase price within the Ufa
of the lease. • . '
.We might, anticipate the . usual argument
METERS ARE SUGGESTED.
6. 'The water company will be ' forever re
moved from participation 'In city politics and
from past experience this is a greater evil than
alleged excessive charges for water.
7. VAtthis Juncture the. city Is practically
confronted with the choice between acquiring
a water plant, and accomplishing other needed
public improvements, because, admitting that
the electors are willing to vote an issue of
bonds ¦ to ¦ the ¦ available limit, -there will not
be a sufficient fund ¦ to acquire a water sys
tem and _ to cover the cost of all the projects
which are now pressed upon the attention of
the Council. ,
A lease with the option will admit of the
deferment of : a : water . plant purchase until a
more , opportune ; season. . . ¦. ¦ ¦ _
5. If the water company can assume the
riek of a value to be placed, upon its property
by a board of carefully chosen experts It will
be equally safe for the city to assume a like
risk as to value. W&iit*S&tVV\*&U
4. That in having the value* fixed now the
city will reap the benefit of enhancement in
value due to increase - in population and in
volume "of business, whereas If the effort to
acquire It be deferred It . is certain to be more
costly and more difficult to obtain.
In detail the committee declares the
following as its reasons for recom
mending the plan: /
This we regard as, the first step in the best
and final solution of this water question. The
proposition to lease with the right to purchase
at ; a value fixed now, and this we indorse
has the following commendable features 1
1: The annual strife over valuation and
rates will be settled at once and for all time
2. The expense of the existing lawsuit may
be immediately stopped, and the uncertainty
of a decision avoided. -
3. The city may at once enter Into posses
sion of a going plant. '
Under that policy we? have evoked from
the Contra Costa Water Company the letter
which was written in good faith, and which
we commend to the careful and favorable at
tention of the Council.
' Then follows the letter from Presi
dent Dlngee to Chairman' Howard
commented upon as follows:
After receiving estimates from A. L.
Adams of the water company and from
Expert Fitzgerald on valuations, the
committee, by process of compromises,
reached a total figure, greater than
what, says the committee, is popularly
believed to be the value, but much less
than that fixed by the water company
The report continues:
But at this stage the committee became
convinced that its valuation, no matter how
reached, was unsatisfactory to the water
company, and therefore would be Inconclusive
and barren of practical results
iustarted with the fixed determination that
If any possible method existed of forever set
tling this question, it would seek it and fight
the matter to a finish, s
DINtiEE. LETTER NOTED.
To give due consideration to its earning power
and the prospect of its continuance in order
to fix, If possible, its value as a going con
cern, or what Is commercially known as the
good will of a business.
These are the points that would be taken
account of In regular mercantile practice but
to this method, of -the committee the water
company took exception. '
The committee was of the opinion that the
problem of value for purchase should be solved
In the same manner as.lt would be dealt with
If the Intending, buyer were a private indi
vidual or a private corporation. I. e. :
To ascertain the value of the useful physical
property In Its present condition, also of other
assets, if any, in the shape of rights or equl-
We are free to confess that the committee
does not possess. - nor has it expected to pos
sess; the knowledge to pass upon the. technical
questions Involved, but it has carefully scruti
nized the items of value set-up by the water
company nnd as carefully weighed th» argu
ments made before It by the water company's
and the city's experts in an endeavor to reach
as nearly as possible an equitable result.
We could not approach nor treat the problem
in the manner chosen by the water company,
which viewed it as an entire system and worth
what It would' cost to Introduce an equivalent
supply, claiming by implication at least a
value for what It regarded as a monopolistic
position. .
ALAMEDA, Jan. 18.— After seven
months of agitation the City Trustees
to-night voted to give the Southern Pa
cific Company franchises lor its local
lines for the term of. years asked for
by the corporation, namely, forty-five
years for the north side line and thirty
three years for the .south side line.
President J. F. Forderer, who has
opposed the granting of the franchises,
was absent. The four City Trustees
whose votes" disposed of the franchises
were B. E. Combs, C. J. Hammond, Dr.
H. M. Pond and W. M. Botvers.
City Trustee Combs, who had all
along opposed the granting of the north
side franchise for more than twenty
five years, changed his position to
night and in explaining his action said:
"I believe that this railroad agitation
should be settled for the good of Ata
meda. I am satisfied that it cannot be
settled any other way than by the giv
ing of both franchises for the term of
years asked. ;'¦""
"Therefore I will vote for the award
ing of the franchises as amended."
After Seven Months of Agita
tion Aiameda Trustees Have
Granted Local Franchises
Harry L. and Xyda W. Holcomb to Harry
B. Nichols. . lot on S line of Thirty-seventh
street. 5SO W of Telegraph avenue. W 4f» 3
1C5.9S. E 40.14. N 100.06, lot 25. Rooalevelt
Terrac-, Oakland: $320O.'
EU.?n S. and D." W. Montgomery to Joan
Svcnson. iot on NB corner of Eighteenth and
Llrden 'trt'ets, N 123 by E 125. Oakland- $10
Andrew G. Griffin and Gustavua R A.
Browne and as trustees unr»«r wtll of Edward
B. Rambo et alf. by C. Crowelf. commissioner.
to Citizens' Building and Loan AaaoHat'cn .of
San Fraretsco. lot on S line of Geary or
Thirty-ninth ntr»<*t. 29:; W of Tai^-anh ave
nu«, W 84:6, S 110.97. E K"i.$7. N 114..<»2 lets S
and 9. block 2071. map of estate- of John Eroy
In Plat 36 Oakland Township:..*- .
Charles I*. Agnes G.. John :F- and Anna .E,
Smith to Joseph T. Frater. lot on M line- of
Berkel*y way. 41.65 W of I^uiisw street. W
45 by N 124. let »4. Twltchen tract. Berkeley:
$10. ' . ...... . . . *
L. A. Snencer <wldow> to Arthur G. Smith
(trustee); X P4 feet of lot" 14. block 1. tract A.
Berkeley Land ar.«l Town Improvement Associa
tion. Berkeley: $10." - - . •
John T. and Annl? Mabey to Erina SliUi
mcre. lot on E line of Lonlsa Mreet. 180 S o?
Eunice. S 40 *v E 133. block IS. Map prci>
erty Berkeley VIU* Asuociation. Berkeley: rto.
. Central California " Land Company to "vTU
:iam H. Crocker. Jand bounded N" by 3 lin<*
of tida! canal as established by th« United
States Government. E by center line of Mul
berry street ind extended to said line of tidal
canal. S by -Blandlng avenue and XV by cen
ter -Hn« of Willow street, extended N etc
being all of ¦ tract. 6. map Alamedi Mamh
Land a* partltlf«»ed among, .owners in suit
S023-- Pacific Improvement. ComDany vi. Jamfi
A. Waymlre et a J. together with land adjoin
ing and lylnsr between center Hn« of Blanding
avenue and 9 line of tidal can*! and said center
hncs of Mulberry and Willow, streets ex
tending N as aforesaid. Alametta: $10
Charles or Kar! Istensland to Sarah E. Hen
derson, lot on N corner of. East .Vinth street
and^EHra -K. Rrnehart to L-i+er P.
S 10^* 11 - K ~ « '• block m *P Be"* vt «»
Park. East Oakland; $10.
Joseph Westall (widower) to Andrew Guild,
lots 28 to St. block A. map Laurel Grove Park
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Adelbert or A. and Lillian A. Bellcna? <wHfe>
to Walter E. Rosebro. lot on NE line of Glen
avenue. 2H0.60 SE of Redwood avenue. SB
f.t by NE 110.23 portion lot 2, Bond Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $305..
Henrietta J. and W. M. Simpson to S. H.
McCauley (single), lot 7. block C. Daly Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
"Charles J. Bosworth to Ad Schubert, lot 107
Map Encinal Park Tract. Aiameda; $3.10.
Puget Sound Lumber Company (corporation'*
to same, lot on W line of Weber street lW-ftS
8 of San Antonio. S SO by W 1.>T33, lot 107.
Enclnal Park Tract. Aiameda; $10. ¦ . ••»>-¦
Chauncey W. and Lovina M. Gibson to Car
bonic Dioxide Corporation, lots 1 to 7 25 and
28. block 60. Tract B. Brooklyn U and T. I.
Association. Berkeley, warranty deed; $10.
¦ William Clark (sintele) to Samuel Abrams.
lot on E" line of Hlllegaas avenue. 10O X of
Stuart street. X 5O by E 148. lot 15, block B
Berry- Bangs Tract. Berkeley; $10. .
Frank M. and Rose II. Wilsnn (wife) to
Sallle H. Richards (wife of J. W.). lot on I*
line of Haste street, .".17 :» W of Shattactc are.
nue. W 37:6 by N t39>, portion tot 15. block
3. Barker Tract, portion plat «*. Berkeley $10
H. V. J. Swaln^to Charles E. .Miller, lot on
NW corner of Kearney avenue and Warrtnz
street, W 13T» by "N 120. lot f», block 1 prop
erty John Kearney, near State University,
Berkeley: $8000. '
Edson B. and Elizabeth P. Spitler to Mary
A. and Michael P. McDonald, lot heclnntrtc 8O
feet W from SW corner of Grove and Addi*w»
streets, thence W 37.25 by S 60. block 1 Mc-
Oe Tract. Berkeley; $100.
Cornelius and Johanna McCarthy dlea Cr»
ton. Johanna, Patrick, Catherine and Ellen
Hayes (heirs of Ellen McDonald) to John Des
mond, lot cnX line of Lydia street, 50 W of
Curtis. W 50 by N «0. portion of lota 9 and 10.
block H. Curtis * William* Tract. Oakland: #1
M. A. McAullffe to GrtseHa McAuUff« (wife)
lot on XE Up" ot Ea" Twenty-sixth street.
31.1 SE of Thirteenth avenue. SE &5 ¦ by \B
140. lot 36 and oortlon of lot 35 map of Ha
sans sub-map or block 87, Highland Park.
East Oakland; gift.
Berry- Bnnp Land Company (corporation to
Henrietta W. MeCreary. lot on .V Una of Rua
sell street. 120.41 V? of Regent. W 40.14 V
131. 6. K 40, 8 12S.2, lot 6. block O Berrr-
Bangs Tract map 2. Berkeley (deed and ip«
inrat); $1O. .
Joseph R. and Agnea Kae'in to Charles
Helmke. lot on NTV" comer of Railroad avenue
tor Seventh strwt) and Union street. N 10O by
W 50, block 534. Boardman'8 map, Oakland-
Nels J. and Gretchen Herby to Math'.aa P-»
tersen. lot on W line of Ettle street. 25u N of
A. X 33:4 by VS 133. being S 8:4 of subdivision
D and subdivision C in lot 10, block 705 Watts
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Mary A. O'Cornor to Dennis O'Connor \n*.
on W line of Uollls •treet. 25O N of E N 100
by TV 133. bcinz subdivisions A and B In lot
9. and C and D in lot 10. block A0O, ma» 2 of
¦Watts Tract; also lot on >JE corner of Ftfta
and Henry streets. X »5:3^. E 25. S to Fifth
street, W 25 to beginning:. lot 1. block 495 map.
of resubdivision of city blocks 104 to 408. Oak
land; gift. .:•
Ferry-Banss Land Company (a corporation)
to Belle Foltenhouse. iot on 8 line of Stuart
street. ISO "W of Resent. W 4t.7». S I3& E 4i\
N 105. lot 8, block F. Berry-Bangs Tract, map
No. J, Berkeley, deed and agreement: $10!
Georjte W. and Sarah Bennett to Jane Hat
ton. unlivide<l fifth of lot en S line of Jeffer
son street i.no« San Jose avenue). 45 W of
Mound. W 45 by S 12O. block 57. map ot Ala
meda. surveyed anit drawn by-J. T. Stratton in
1*3.;, Aiameda; gift.
Susanna A. and R. A. Andra to A. R. Denke.
lot on S line of Railroad avenue. $0 E of St.
Charles street, E 6o by 8 123, lot t» map o:
Enclnal Park Tract, Alameda; $li>.
E, H. R. Drew» to Sophia Eilen Dr*ws. lot
on NW line of B street 5© NE of Third XE
30 by SW 225. Haywards. Kden Township:
One of the highwaymen, enraged at
finding so little booty, struck Meyer
twice on the head with the butt of hi3
revolver, inflicting a couple of ugly
gashes. Wallace, seeing his companion
struck down, ran and one of the high
waymen fired a shot at him, trut
missed.
Freeman and Meyer were then re
leased. They walked to Oakland and
reported the matter to the ~olice. Mey
er's wounds were dressed at the Re
ceiving Hospital.
-$•
Margaret E. Broadfoot (administratrix estate
of William DvryerJ to Thomas CreagmilP, all
interest, in lot en E line of Stanford avenue,
said point being SW c-orner of block T of Nc»-
bury Tract, thence NE 103.40, SE 59. id. SW
126.44. NE 54 to beginning, lot 1, map in
partition of lands of Ann I>wyer (deceased),
Berkeley: $a2i.
Three men were held up by two high
waymen at 5 o'clock this afternoon at
Point Isabel, a small station in Contra
Costa County, and robbed of 75 cents.
all the money they had. The victims
of the daylight holdtfp were John Mey
er, a blacksmith; W. H. Wallace and
Robert Freeman, laborers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Jan. 18.
Angered at Meager Resnlts
of Holdup One Thug Strikes
John Meyer With Revolver
KOBBKRS GET BUT LITTLE
Three Men Are Held Up at
Small Station in Contra Costa
County in Broad Daylight
RAILROAD WINS
ITS LONG FIGHT
Forty transfers of property for right
of way filed to-day by the Western Pa
cific Railway set at rest much of the
speculation over the intended route
through this county, of what is sup
posed to be a projection of the Gould
system. The right of way through the
city has been known through the pur
chase of property and securing of pub
lic franchises, but it has been a matter
of conjecture from which direction the
road would make its approach from the
Livermore Valley. •-"!••
The deeds filed are disconnected/ but
show the general line of approach to
Oakland. From these deeds it is evi
dent that the line will not touch Hay
wards, but will run from Dublin, at the
eastern end of the Haywards pass.
From there it runs northwesterly
across Cull and Crow creeks and along
San Leandro Creek, and the Redwood
road to- the Redwood- schoolhouse.
From here it crosses the hills by means
of a tunnel 2355 feet long back of Leona
Heights. •;;;•;
Connecting deeds between the East
Oakland franchises and the western
end of the tunnel have not been filed
and the line is uncertain.
* ¦ : '-. — i- -+
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 18.
VICTIM BEATEN
BY HIGHWAYMAN
Much Conjecture Set at Rest
by the Purchase of Property
for Line Through Oakland
PASSES KEDWOOD SCHOOL
Supposed Projection of Gould
System Indicates Approach
by Filing of Several Deeds
RAILROAD GETS
RIGHT OF WAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO QALL, TUESDAY.- JANUARY 10, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
4
OAKLAND. Jan. 18.— The special
committee of the City Council on a
municipal water supply after many
months of work filed Its report to-night.
One feature is the rejection of the Bay
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 302.
BERKELEY.
2 148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
OAKLAND.
111S Broadway.
Telephone Main 10C3.
BBAXCH OFFICES
OF TILE CALL -IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Made by the profebsors of this college
and guaranteed a perfect fit.- We. so-
licit the most difficult Ases and make
a' specialty of natural looking and ser-
viceable teeth.
Pidnless Methods— Extraction Free.
Week Days, 9 to 9; Sundays, 9 to I.
Post-Graduate Dental GoIIega,
S&n Francisco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland— 973 Washington Street.
San Joee— 45 Sact Santa Clara Street,
E&crftmento — 107 J Street-The undersigned has heretofore ad
vised the good people of San Francisco
of opportunities. He a pain wishes to' in
form the public that having rented 2 his
store. 915 Market street, to Olsen Bros.,
who will take possession In a few weeks,
that instead of removing the clothing to
his department store In Tacoma, Wash.,
and paying freight, prefers to sell this
flne stock of well-made clothing, at. a
Bacrifiee right here, and will therefore,
beginning Thursday, sell all-- the
men's clothing for, Just 50c on the dollar.
Now the customer can be his own clerk
by simply picking out any suit he. wants
and pay just one-half of what It is
marked. Every garment is marked in
plain figures. A $30.00 suit $15.00. a
$20.00 suit S10.00. 3 $15.00 suit $7.50,
etc. -This sale will start on Thursday,
915 Market St., opp. Mason. •
A Friendly Advice.
Brief Session of the Hou^c.
WASHINGTON, Jan. IS.— The House
devoted a brief session to-day to Dis
trict of Columbia business. While in
committee of the whole on one bill the
poetofBce scandal was discussed, Bart
lett of Georgia introducing a letter
from M. W. Lewis, who left aggrieved
at certain statements in the Bristow
report. Cowherd of Missouri pointed
out that Lewis was irregularly appoint
ed just in time to let a contract that
cost the Government $10,000 more than
was necessary.
MONTREAL, Jan. IS. — Fire to-day
destroyed the wholesale houses of
Swift. Copeland & Co., hats and caps;
McLeod, Hawthorne & Co., trunks and
bag 1 ?; Woodhouse. Rosen & Co., mil
linery, and the King Clothiers. Loss,
5200,000. •; .-,•:-.< J
Destructive . Fire in -Montreal.
MANILA. Jan. 18.— The Army and
Navy Club has elected the following of
ficers to serve for the ensuing [ year:
President. Major General James F.
Wade: first vice president. Rear Ad
miral Yates Stirling; second vice presi
dent. Brigadier General Francis Moore.;
secretary. Captain William C. Rivers,
First Cavalry. •-"¦ ' f\'\ :*-^ '.'it
Army and Xavy Club Officers.
ate in executive session to-day ccn
flrmed the following nominations:
To be major generals — Brigadier
Generals W. A. Kobbe. Joseph P. San
ser. Alfred E. Bates and Wallace, F.
Randolph.
To be brigadier generals — Colonels
Alfred Mordecai, Harry L. Haskell,
Forrest P. Hathaway. Asher C. Taylor,
John G. Butler, Charles J. Allen,
Theodore E. True. Frank M. Coxe, Ja
cob Kline. William E. Dougherty and
William P. McCaskey.
Colonel John P. Storey, to be chief
of artllleo't with the rank of brigadier
general. - .
Colonel Francis S. Dodge, to be pay
master general.
Albert A. Roberts, to be receiver
of public moneys at La Grande, Or.
Seventeen Army Officers* Arc Pro
moled to High Rank by Presi
dent Roosevelt.
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS. — The Sen-
MAW NOMINATION'S
CONFIRMED BY SENATE
International Brotherhood of Sta
tionary Firemen, Local No. 86. will
a social and dance in Alcazar
building: to-morrow r.igrht. The fol
lowing have been appointed a commit
tee of arang-ements: J. II. Smith, Denis
Foley. G. H. Rickey, Ralph Xostri and
Martin Conroy.
Barlxr*' Vnion Xo. 154. Ben Litzenstein. Carl
Ljuid»rs. W. TV. Butler and G. K. Smith;
Arr.a!»rairat»'l Jlcat Cutters No. 120. A. E.
McGo\en:. II. I>hrtnan and <_". G. Schetthe;
Lumtxr HandlTsT and Tallymen"* TTnlon No.
225. M. P. NielK'n. \V. S-. Deave>- and B. Cun
ningham: Laundry Workers No. 05. Maude
Mcilai €y. T!l!ie Walter?. J. W. Bmllef and
II. E. Mathewi: Flour and Cereal Mill Wt>rk
ers Xo. II. F. J. Koch and C Reicfcert.
WILL DEEPEN* RIVER
AT LOW. WATER MARK
Capitalists Plan to 'Cut n Channel in
the Mississippi at s Cost of
$15,000,000.
'WASHINGTON. Jan: IS. — A chan
nel in the Mississippi River at low wa
ter from St. Paul and Minneapolis to
Cairo, 111., a distance of 1000 miles, to
be completed by the time the Panama
canal is put into operation, is the pro
ject advocated before the House Com
mittee on Rivers and Harbors to-day
by a delegation consisting of Governor
S. R. VanSant of Minnesota. Ellis K.
Usher of -La Crosse, "Wis.; Captain
Alonzo Bryson of Davenport, Iowa;
Frank Galenne of St. Louis and Louis
B. Boswell cf Quincy. 111. The total
cost of the improvement is estimated
at $15,000,000. . An association, known
as the' Upper Mississippi Improvement
Company, representing seven States
bordering on 'the "Upper Mississippi,
has been organized for the purpose of
advancing the project. The commit
tee took no action in the matter.
Child Dies After Accident.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. IS. — Le
roy-Cope, the 7-year-old son of Dis
patcher Cope of the Santa Fe Rail
road, died last evening. He had been
run over. by a freight train /while play
ing along the right of way. ."When
jumpinsr'to the steps of a car he lost
his hold and fell under the wheels.
President Mitchell voices his earnest
support of legislation prohibiting bo>s
under sixteen, from being allowed to
work in the mines and asks the con
vention to indorse It. In closing con
gratulatory reference is made to "the
cordial business relationship that has
existed between our organization and
the operators in all States and districts
in which the wages and conditions of
employment are regulated and deter
mined by 'mutual agreement."
Secretary-Treasurer Wilson made his
annual report, in which he said hs had
hoped : to -report a larger amount of
money on hand, but the large number
of strikes requiring aid from the na
tional organization, had been, a great
drain on Its resourc-s. On November
SO there was in Indianapolis bank*
J1.12S.137. belonging to the organization.
The paid-up membership is 289,836. The
total membership is approximately 330,
000. To avoid the loss of revenue from
these 40,000 members not paid up, which
would % amount to $96,000 annually, the
stamp' system 13 advocated in the re
port. . • ,- :¦ '¦'.''-
The strike in District 13. has been and is a
source of heavy exi>ense to our organization,
but our peotiie are standing tirm, and much
as we desire an amicable and honorable set
tlement' the uncompromising attitude of the
companies fives us no I choice but to continue
the contest until fair terms or settlement are
reached or our peodjeto down in- defeat.
Of the Colorado strike Mitchell savs:
\Y»> should ke-p in mind that the enemies
of labor and. the opponents of trade unionism.
a» -iepreaented by* the Manufacturers' 'Associa
tion and the Citizen*' Industrial Alliance, are
ever ready to make capital out of the smallest
indiscretion and to magnify out of all reason
able proportion . the ulightest mistake that
trade unionists may make.
j INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. IS.— The
fifteenth , annual, convention of the
United Aline Workers of America be
gan here to-day with 1000 delegates in
attendance. After the address of wel
come President Mitchell delivered his
annual address. He urged that the
convention be moderate in speech and
conservative in action, adding: " •
The case involved the validity of the
laws of California permitting the
county authorities to fix the rates to
be charged by the irrigation com
pany for water. The company claimed
the rate the county fixed was too low
and that the laws prior to 1SS5, under
which the company was organized,
were equivalent to a contract, permit
ting the company to fix its own rates.
The Circuit Court accepted this view
and decided that the act of 1S85 could
not be Invoked to impair the contract.
Justice Peckham "elivered the opin
ion of the Supreme Court, holding that
there was no contract and adding that
even if there had been a contract the
State had power under its constitution
to amend its own laws.
WASHINGTON, Jan. IS.— The . de
cision of the Circuit Court of the Unit
ed States fcr the Northern District of
California in the case of the county of
Stanislaus vs.- the San Joaquin and
Kings River Canal and Irrigation
Company, was reversed in . the Su
prpme Court to-day.
Supreme Tribunal Reverses De
cision in Stanislaus County
Versus Irrigation Company
President of the United Mine
Workers Delivers an Address
Before Annual Convention
"BE MODERATE"
SAYS MITCHELL
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 18. — A mis
take in bottles nearly cost Stephen
Walworth his life to-day at a ranch
below this city. Walworth, being
without glasses, mistook a bottle of
carbolic acid for a bottle of cough
medicine and swallowed part of the
contents. He will recover.
Drinks an Acid by Mistake.
Gas heaters, formerly $4.50, now S2.50.
at San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany. 415 Post street. •
A committee, consisting of R. Ben
nett. W. H. McConnell and M. S.
Brown, was appointed by President
George F. Keetley of the Electrical
Workers' Union at the meeting last
night and instructed to make a care
ful examination of the electric wiring
in ali the places of amusement in the
city and also to inspect the means of
exit- The committee will report at the
next meeting of the union.
Metal Workers' Union Xo. 1 will
take a vote on the question of half
holiday closing on Saturday.
The trouble that had kept the can
makers out of work has been settled
and the belligerents have finned a
contract, v.hich will stand in force for
the term of one year. The employes
will go to work this morning.
A grievance of a minor character is
disturbing the members of the Fish
Cleaners' and Janitors' unions. In the
former it Is said that the help are
compelled to work overtime without
receiving any extra compensation. A
committee was appointed to make an
investigation and report at th<» next
meeting. The janitors' trouble is said
to be due to the arrog-ance of some of
the superintendents in downtown
buildings. This was also referred to
k committee with instructions to re
port.
Local unions have installed officers
as follows:
E!«-trical tVorker*' 1,'nicn. Auxiliary Xo. 1.
— President, Edfin M<-Kenz->: vice pre«!<JentJ
P. J. Kennedy: re<-o;<Jing; #»"cretary. J. Alex
*r.<W: financial Kcretuy. J. Filek: in»p»ct
»«r» .?. O'Brl'm and J. Kalph: foreman, J.
McDonald: «>x»-eutive board— J. McKniirht and
E<1»*rd Smith: •••oretary of thr board of di
rectors nT Or*»ni*»d Lcbor Pub!l»hinr Cbm
c«ny. E<J II. Smith.
Shir.gler*' 1'ni^n— Pre»iil»r.t. H. II. K<J
w«rd* vice rresii'-t. J. Arn#tt: secretary.
T. J. Courtney: tnarovr. W. E. Berry: deli
cate to the BoS&BS Trcrl^s Cour.c!!. ' IX E
EcM
Rammers* Proactive Uni^r.— President. C
V. Oi'.Un; vir* r>res'.d»nt. David Eyrr.<?j»: sec
retary. P. G«rajrh*r: treasurer. P. J. p\ r he«:
cuarrt. Pet»r Dunphy: <5»!e*aTe to Labo? «"o^n
riV. Coliran Me*.gh»r: board of trunteej— P. J.
O'Friea. P. Gerashty and Colrran Meajher.
The following delegates have been
elected to the Oakland Federated
Trades Council:
TJak»ry Wa^on Driver* No. 62*. Joe Mitchell;
Electrician* Appoint Committee to
L<ook Into Wiring of Playliouses
and Mean-? of I^xit.
t'XIOX WILL fVVKSTIGATE
CONDITION* OF TIIKATERS
SAN JOSE, Jan. 18. — The Injunc
tion restraining the San Jose-Los
Gatos Interurban Electric Railway
from completing its road on North
Market street without laying a third
rail for the San Jose and Santa Clara
Electric Railway "was dissolved to-day
by Judge Tuttle of the Superior Court.
This leaves President Rea's road in a
condition to complete its work and
the question as to a violation of a con
tract with the other road will have to
be settled in a suit.
Railroad 3Ia? Complete Work.
The proposed ordinance designed to
prohibit persons from standing In the
aisles of theaters and public halls dur
ing a performance was referred to the
Fire Committee.
Supervisor d'Ancona suggested that
as the Health Board had effected a sav
ing of $4500 in Its salary fund th«
amount "T^ould be used for cleaning
Chinatown. On the committee's report
the sum of $:000 was set aside by the
board out of the urgent necessity fund
for the purpose and the proposition of
using the salary money for the same
purpose will be discussed at a future
meeting.
The Board of Works was directed to
fix the damages and assess the benefits
¦which may result from the changes of
grades on Parnassus avenue and Lotta
street.
The ordinance changing the name of
Central* avenue from Geary street to
the "Presidio reservation to Presidio
avenue was passed to print.
Chief Inspecting Physician Hassler
appeared before the Finance Commit
tee and petitioned on behalf of the
Health Board for an additional appro
priation of $12,000 to continue the work
of putting Chinatown in sanitary con
dition.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
took preliminary action toward flxlns
In February the rates to be charged
during the next fiscal year for gas and
electric current by adopting a resolu
tion-directing the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company and a number of
other corporations to furnish not later
than January 31, 1904. the following in
formation:
A detailed statement showing &It m>
enue derived from all sources by such
companies supplying heat, light and
power and a statement of their expen
ditures for the year ending December
1, 1903.
The original cost and estimated pres
ent value of their plants.
The amount of capital stock out
standing; the amount of the bonds of
the companies and the floating debt of
the companies.
The petition of the property own
ers that cattle be permitted to roam
and grrase in the vicinity of Hunters
Point was referred to the Street Com
mittee.
The board took steps to dispossess
II. O. Irwin as Poundmaster by adopt
ing a resolution temporarily placing
the management of the public pound
in the hands of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. The
representatives of the PAcific Humane
Society asked that its bid to conduct
the pound be considered, but it was
decided to allow the first named soci
ety to act pending the consideration
of bids for the same, it being an
nounced that the lowest bidder will
be awarded the contract. A resolu
tion Inritfne bids for managing the
poursd was adorjted.
Mayor Schmiti ru!«?d out of order
the motion of Brandenstein that the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animal* be temporarily appointed
to conduct the pound. The Mayor
held that the motion should be in the
form of a resolution and Brand^nstein
appealed from the decision. His ap
r^nl was sustained by the votes of
fourteen Supervisors. Brandensteins
motion then prevailed.
The Chinese Consolidated Benevo
lent Association, known as •'Chinese
Six Companies." was granted permis
sion to #»r<?ct booths upon the streets
of the Chines? district from the 8th
to the 21th of February. 1904. to dis
charge firecrackers atid other fire
works and to play music after mid
nigrht during the mentioned dates for
the purpose of celebrating: the Chinese
Neu- Year.
A number of owners of nickel ma
chines that have petitioned for refund
of licenses on such machines owing
# lo the fact that the Police Commis
sion ordered them to be taken out of
saloons appeared before the Finance
Committee in support of their peti
tions. They xrere directed to file a
list showing; the date when the ma
chines were placed In the saloons and
•when they were taken out.
The board granted the Union Oil
-Company permission for a period of
sixty days from and after January 15,
3S04. to maintain a spur track already
constructed on Illinois street, from
•the mai:i track of the Atchison, To
i>eka and Santa Fe Railway Company
to a point on Seventeenth street.
Under the ordinance the entire issue
of the four park projects will be sold,
and of the issue3 for hospitals, sewers,
schools. Jails, street and library ther^
will be 1640 $100 bonds, of which forty
on? ¦will be paid every year for forty
years: 12S0 $500 bonds, of which thirty
two will be paid every year for forty
years, and 2520 $1000 bonds, of which
sixty-three will be paid every year for
forty years. Bidders may bid for the
whole or for portion of the amount
offered for sale and preference in the
allotment jwill be given to subscribers
for the 6maller amounts and lower de
nominations.
The proposed ordinance providing for
the sale of a portion of the bonds as
heretofore noted and for the invitation
of bids for the same at the Chamber of
Commerce on some day in January yet
to be fixed. vcas referred to the Stabile
Utilities Committee.
'or It trust be-*orr.<s in rcind that during the
tendency of the special election the voters
were repeatedly informed that the ctvll service
provision of the charter would be made ap
plicable to ali employes on such work. It
might be also wi?e at this tirr.e to call public
attention to the provisions of the charter
which vest in this board tb* duty of author
izing the execution of a'.: contracts for public
improvements and to declare It to be the pur
pose and intention of this beard to Insist upon
the application of the merit system to the
fuperviiion cf all constructions made by vir
tue cf th* bond issue, as a pr«requl«ite to
«:ch authorizations, and at all times to suf
fer no variation from th<» representation made
to the voters In order that their authority to
issae these bond* miicht be obtained.
r.NDER CIVIL SERVICE.
Tour committ»e at this time earnestly ex
presses a h^r* that the Civil Service Commis
sion will establish an eligible liEt for all mu
ricijval employes whose services may be re
luir^d to supervise. or Inspect the public
worVs whioh may be const-ucted out or the
Tiroceeds arising from the saie of the bonds;
Justice bonds to the amount of .. SOO.fOO
Library bond" to the amount of . TCO.OO©.
ar.d practically th° entire Issue of, the bonds
fcr the four park projects.
Thus all the necessary lands may be *e
cuvi and a-rtual work nar be speedily com
rr^jirej on the s«"w«rs. rtr»?ts and public
buildings. TV> telieve that a sale of this
amcunt of bonds will realize all the money
than can be •v-oaoiDiraHy expended the first
year, but should it not be. other tales may
be authcrlred from time to time.
continually appreciating. Your committee "is
therefore rrepared to say that Immediately
upon the final pacsaire of the accompanying
bill it will recommend for passage a bill pro
\idiris fcr tiie sale of a portion or the bonds
to be issued, as lollowy:
Hospital tK>rds to ih«* amount of $ 2j2,0C0
Sewer bonds to the amount of 760.1)00
School bonds to the amount of l.nOO.000
bonds to the amount of 252,000
Count;' Jail and additions to Ka!l of
of tl-e purposes for which the bonds are to be
iss='j»d should be secured without delay, as it
is evident that realty values in th!s city ars
In order that the making of the improve
ments, seme of which are of pressing neces
sity and all immediately desirable, should b»
proceeded with, we believe that a sufficient
arriunt of th«> bonds should be Immediately of
ffred fcr sal'?. Especially at this time, all the
land* contem5lat»d to be purchased as a patt
At the outlet it has been suggested that it
would o* wise i> have the legality or illegal
ity of the pending bond issue judicially es
tablished before proceeding to offer any bonds
fcr eale. it having been asserted that such ad
judication would add to the value of the bonds.
Your committee, however, cannot become
parcy to any contemplated legal proceedings
ncr even encourage any action o? the kind.
We are unaware tl:at any legal question has
been raised as to legality of the bonds to
be issued, no.- ha« th» irregularity of the pro
o»^din£s :n relation thereto been even sus-
SeateU. Any action that might be instituted
in th« abser.ee of an actual legal objection
would therefore be. but a moot case, and would
not be a bar to any further litigation, and
it !s even doubtful if the courts would decide
any issue that might i>- raised.
TO SELL SOME BONDS.
In connection with the consideration of this
bill several matters have presented them
selves to your committee, matters of public
policy, which we believe ought to b« clearly
defined, not only that thin board may have
a clear vi«w as to what its future action
ir.ay be, but that the public may have an al
equate Idea of what this board proposes to
do. and thereby give its co-operation to all
measures which n.ay from time to time be
recommended.
The report of the committee relative
to the issuance of the bonds was adopt
ed as follows:
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print an ordinance previously
referred to the Public Utilities Com
mittee providing for the sale and issu
ance of bonds in the aggregate sum of
$17,771,000 for the construction of va
rious public improvements and acqui
sition of lands for the same.
The resolution requesting. the United
Railroads to place a signal man at the
intersection of Larkin and Hayes
streets to operate the cable depressor
at this point and thus prevent acci
dents and danger to life through
enabling the conductors of the Hayes
street line to remain in charge of their
cars was- referred' to the Street Com
mittee.
The Board of Public Work3 was re
quested to submit to the Supervisors an
estimate of cost of establishing and
maintaining a convenient station at a
suitable point to be located on Market
street, -between Kearny and Sixth
streets, the station to be larger in de
sign and more commodious than the
one now established in Union square.
Providing for the full acceptance of
the "roadway of Bartlett street, between
Army and Twenty-sixth streets, paved
with bituminous rock.
The Board of Works was directed to
sell fourteen tons of old scrap iron.
The Mayor's veto of the board's reso
lution appointing W. E. Dorn to be
Justice of the Peace was referred to
the Judiciary Committee on motion of
Braunhart. who said that there was no
authority granted to the Mayor under
the charter or State law to veto such a
resolution. . .
The following ordinances were finally
passed:
Accepting a deed from Mary A. Fritz
to certain land required for the opening
and extension of Tremont avenue, from
the north boundary of the San Miguel
Rancho.
TO CONSIDER VETO.
Real estate agents Von Rhein and
Spencer JBuckbee spoke respectively
against and for the change. Rev.
Father Maximilian, pastor of St. Bon
iface Church, made an earnest request
that the resolution be not» passed.
Father Augustine, assistant pastor of
the church, said it would endanger the
foundation of the building to lower the
grade.
Supervisor. Brandenstein argued that
the resolution should pass as the lower
ing of the grade would benefit the city
bv increasing assessment values and
improving the retail trade. He thought
all* differences could be adjusted by the
Board of Public "Works, to which the
matter would be referred. In moving
that the resolution be indefinitely post
poned Comte said he was opposed to
changes of grades in any part of the
citv where substantial buildings had al
ready been erected. The vote on in
definite postponement was: .
*ye« — Alpers. Bent. Boxtcn. Comte. Eggers.
Finn HocVs. Lunstedt. McClellan. Rock— 10.
Xoss — Booth. Brander-stein. r.rauncart.
D'Ancena. Payot. Rea, Sandewn— 7.
Absent— Connor. ¦'--.--::
Phelan announced that whatever
damage would be sustained by St. Bon
iface Church would be paid by the large
property holders, including himself and
Captain Taylor.
Ex-Supervisor Collins, who protested
on behalf o* the Red Men's Hall As
sociation against the change, contra
dicted a statement made by Phelan that
Collins had been notified of the con
templated change before the lot for the
building was graded. Collins said the
teams had been grading for four weeks
before he was notified and the con
tracts had been let.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
Indefinitely, postponed th« proposed res
olution ot intention to lower the grade
of Golden Gate avenue at Jones anil
Leavenworth streets after a large num
ber of proponents of and opponents to
the change had been heard. .
J. D. Phelan addressed the board In
support of the lowering of the grades
ana asked that the resolution of inten
tion be passed. He argued that one of
the principal objectors to the schemfr-
St. Boniface Church— would not suffer
by th* change as the edifice ha.i been
constructed in anticipation of such a
project, which. If consummated, would
only liecessltate the building of a stair
case un to the entrance of the church.
In the course of his remarks Mr.
Phelan said that his side had made
no campaign to bring about the desired
change, whereupon Garret McEnerney,
attorney for those" opposed to the
scheme, produced a circular slsmed by
Phelan and others urging the receiver
to use his influence with the. Super
visors in passing the resolution.
"This scheme is a private real estate
speculation." said McEnerney. "and has
been resisted by us before twelve sue-*
cesslve boards. My client Is assessed
J12.250 for benefits. Wnat for? To
make the corners of several wealthy
men available for the building of apart
ment houses in the center of a rising
retail trade! I am of the opinion that
it will cost much more man $350,000 to
carry out the change."
L.. J. Hardy, who said he had watched
the city's growth for fifty- four years,
contended that Turk street property
would not be benefited by the change
of grade.
WILL PAY DAMAGES.
Probp.cljr the Supervisor feared he might be
a«Jced' whether his evident feeling in this in
vestigation was not Inspired by the fact that
the Board' of Health had discharged his
mother-in-law. And several of th» other
members of- the committee probably had simi
lar reasons for conducting this Investigation.
If the evidence had been allowed' to appear.
• Mr. Ruef was asked why Dr. D'An
cona declined to be sworn. He replied:
Moreover these gentlemen undoubtedly
feared that the Mayor's ideas of economy
might be extended to ether departments where
more of. their friends nnd relatives could be
found.
The • offices which were abolished, though
held to some extent by civil service em
ployes, were unnecessary and useless. The
mere fact -that five civil service employes were
hanging about the office iioln~ nothing was in
the mind of the Mayor no sufficient reason for
their retention. .
. If ! Supervisors will act thus- unfairly In
matters, of so vital Importance to the city —
will allow no hearing or presentation of evi>
dene* against their preconceived ideas— they
will certainly forfeit the respect which other
wise would be accorded to them.
The witnesses who«e presence were desired
would have thrown light not only upon the
situation' as It Is now developed, buc would
also have Informed the board and the public
as . to many matters of Interest concerning
the civil : service generally and the methods
by- which some of the appointees are alleged
to have secured preferment upon the eligible
lists. The B-Jmmons asked of the committee
to- these various gentlemen was in the utmost
good faith and In the public interest, and it
comes with exceedingly bad grace from those
who commenced this Investigation to shut it
as soon a« It reached a point where their
own claims could have been successfully con
tradicted and refuted, to say nothing cr the
personal' interest and animus which biased
some of the committee.
So barefaced an application of the policy of
suppression of facts in the Interest of favored
friends and relatlvs rvho are holding politi
cal jobs at the expense of the . taxpayers of
San Francisco hag seldom been se»n in this
community. The chair evidently feared the
expose that would come through an examina
tion-of the witnesses sought to be subpesaed
and the programme was evidently arranged
before hand, since before a word was spoken
tire ."gag rule" was laid down.
This fraudulent Investigation was Initiated
merely as an attack upon Mayor Scbmltz'e
policy of retrenchment. In his effort to up
bold his ante-election pledges he had effected
an economy In the Board of Health's central
office alone of 19900 per annum, at the same
time increasing the efficiency of the depart
ment.
The high-handed and" Insulting attitude of
the chairman of the committee indicates what
was apparent all through— tuat the commit
tee shunned" a fair and open Investigation and
had predetermined it* course. This was evi
dent from the outset upon the adoption of
the resolution. Introduced by the chairman,
which, without hearing or trial, flagrantly al
leged ' that certain violations of the charter
had been committed, when, as a matv»r of
fact, none existed.
Dr. Ward, when called to the
stand and questioned regarding the
dropping of civil service employes
and the employment of non-civil ser
vice men, stated that he did not be
lieve in blind devotion to. civil ser
vice, but was, working for the best in
terests of. the city.
• Mr. Ruef was then requested to
give a list of the witnesses he wished
to. call. He started with Dr. d'Ancona
and was promptly requested to submit
a .written list. After a brief argument
he furnished the chairman with a list
containing the names of the editors
and t»roprietora of local newspapers.
Dr. D'Ancona and other members of
the investigating committee. This
list Dr.. D'Ancona declared was frivo
lous, and yie refused to consider it
and refused to take the witness chair
unless the members of the committee
desired that the . persons mentioned
by Air.' Ruef be^, summoned to testify.
A brief but heated argument followed
and Erandenstein's motion to adjourn
prevailed.
-•CAfter" the meeting Mr. Ruef made
the following statement:
With Chairman D'Ancona of the
joint committee of the Supervisors on
Health, and Finance rapping for or
der, while A. Ruef raised his voice in
a plea that more witnesses be sum
moned, the Investigation into the ac
tions, of the Board of Health in abol
ishing some oittces and creating others
came .to a disorderly close last niyht.-
The committee has heard all the evi
dence it, cares to. and its flndinsrs will
be presented to the city's chief execu
tive at an early date.
Herbert Schmitz was the first wit
ness called.' He was questioned, as
other witnesses have been, as to why
he voted for the' abolition of certain
offices and the vacating of others, but
would give.no reply further than
that he deemed it expedient. Mr.
Brandenstein accused him of acting
blindly, and on the advice of Mr.
Ruef he refused to answer further
questions.
Dr. Stinson wa3 then called to the
stand and reauested to show the list
which at a previous hearing he ad
mitted had been submitted to him.
The doctor was unable to produce the
list, stating in explanation that he
had left it on his desk and it must
have been accidentally destroyed. So
far as he could remember, however,
the names of Drs. Rottanzi, Brackett,
Purienky and Adler had been sug
gested to him. but he had been given
no instructions.
Attorney Ruef for the Health Board
Claims Gag l«i\v Was Enforced.
SUPERVISORS EXD INQUIRY.
COURT SUSTAINS
CALIFORNIA LAW
"All appointments in the department shall
be made under the provisions of article XIII
of this charter, and no person so appointed by
the board shall be removed without cause."
Article XIII of the charter is one pre
scribing the civil service regulations.
This restriction touching the filling and va
cating cf places of employment has no bear-
CHARTER'S PROVISIONS.
The only restriction placed upon the powers
of the Board of Health with reference to its
employes Is in the method prescribed for the
filling and the vacating of the places of em
ployment created. That restriction is found
In the latter part of section 5 of article X
of the charter, and is in these words: .
"When any place of employment Is created
cr abolished or the compensation attached
thereto altered th«- officer cr board making
such chanic«? ?hall Immediately report In writ
ing to the (Civil Service) Commissioners." -
The right to abolish old place* and to create
new one* is »ceciflcally recomized by section
1" of article XIII of the charter in th'se
words:
There can be no question that the sole and
exclusive power and jurisdiction to create
places of employment In the Department of
Public Health Is by this provision of the char
t«r conferred ur>on the Board of Health: that
the. judgment cf the Board of Health is the
so!o criterion for determinfnE the kind and
number of place3 of employment that shall ex
ist in the Department of Public Health. There
can also be no doubt that the power conferred
include the richt to abolish places once cre
ated and the right to create n^w places not
previously existing, and that these rights may
be exercised freely and unrestrainedly without
consultation with any of the drpartments of
the city government.
"The board may appoint such officer*,
agents and employes as may be necessary for
the proper and efficient carrying out and en
forcement of the purposes and duties of the
board, and may fix their salaries and pre
scribe their duties.
\Hth resueet to the Department of Public
Health, however, no place* of employment are
created by the charter. The power to create
place? of employment for this department la
specifically conferred upon the Board of Health
by the charter, section 5 of article X. That
section is as follows:
BOARD HAS POWER.
With rtSDect to these deDartmenta no auch
controversy as has arisen in the Board of
Health can therefore possibly arise.
It seems essential, therefore, that »t the
outset of tbla investigation the law bearing
upon these rights m**erted by the Board of
Health, which it has undoubtedly exercleed,
and which rights are contested, should be un
equivocally declared and defined.
The various DOfitions under the charter
filled either by temporary or permanent em
ploys ar* by that document referred to as
places of employment.
With respect to most of the departments un
dcr the city sovernmezit tho charter it***it
creates thrse places of employment. For In
stance, with respect to the Auditor it has pro
vided that lie may acpolnt a deputy auditor,
two assistant deputies, two clerks *jid auch
other clerk* as may be need'd. f he samo
pi\Msion is made with respect to most of the
departments of the city rovernment provided
for by the charter.
Among: the various rrounds of protects urc*d
against the resolutions of the honorable Board
of Health, whereby said BoaM of Health
sought to reorganize the department ander Its
control, the right of th« Board of Health to
abolish places tilled by civil service employes
without the previous nanctlcn of the Civil
Sen-Ice Commissioners and the richt of the
beard to create n*w daces without such like
previous sanction of the Civil Service Commis
sioners •eem.« to be rocst strenuously con
tested and denied.
The hearing of the case of the de
posed employes of the Board of Health
was resumed before the Civil Service
Commissioners yesterday^ afternoon.
At the opening of the session Chairman
Rogers announced that the commission
had carefully considered the question
raised as to the right of the Health
Board to abolish certain positions and
create others under a different desig
nation. The opinion, which, to satisfy
all parties, was put in writing, states
that it is the unanimous decision of the
Civil Service Commissioners that the
members of the Board of Health did
not exceed their authority in abolishing
certain positions and establishing oth
ers. The opinion in full is as follows:
Measure Plans the Disposal of
Some of the Series That
1 Portion of Work Mav Be Done
Additional Appropriation Is
Made and the Health Board's
Salary Fond May Be Used
Society for Prevention of Cruel
ty to Animals to Have Tem
porary Charge of the Place
Judiciary Committee AVill Take
Up Disapproval of Appoint
ment of Dorn as a Justice
ure in office. The hearing will be re
sumed at 2 o'clock to-morrow after
noon.
Deputy Health. Officer Eevr.. who ia
filling the positions of -".several of the
deposed' employes, again testified re
garding- his multifarious - duties. He
claims that they are - not . merely, cleri
cal, 35 has been contended, but also
executive. Inasmuch -as he fills the of
fice of the chief health officer during
the latter's absence.
Dr. Green, one of the deposed sani
tary inspectors, was suLJeccd to- a
rigid cross-examination by Mr. Ruef.
Green occupied the position of sanitary
inspector before It was placed on the
classified list and Ruef attempted inef
fectually to force from him an admis
sion that the Sanitary Inspectors had
suggested the holding of an examina
tion that they might ?e ; ¦--. life ten-
The afternoon's proceeding ; brouffht
out very little which. has not* already
been shown. Secretary Moran of. the
Civil Service Commission testified that
two examinations for sanitary inspec
tors have been held and that there are
two names still on the, eligible list.," He
further, stated that when the examina
tion were being prepared the
former Health Board "had ¦ suggested
that experience in medicine • be' in
cluded, i • • . ' ' '
Ing- however, upon th* question of their crea
tion or termination. Whether tht^ restriction
upon .the Board of Hcalfa has been violated
by It Is <he purpose of this Investigation.
We know of no other provision* • of the
charter touching upon the power to creare or
abolish places of employment In the Depart
ment of Public Health. •
As bearing upon the question of the power
of departments to creat* and abolish places
of employment, this commission has been per
suaded very largely -in coming to the conclu
sion herein expressed by an opinion of City
Attorney Franklin K. Lane, rendered
April 1!». 1901. *nd found In the official re
ports of the opinions ot the City Attorney of
San Franc!«co from 1S9» to 1002. at page 481.
The opinion relate to the power of the Board
of Public Works to create an official position
without the consent of the Board of Civil
Service Commissioner*, and expressly recog
nizes this right. The opinion Is too lengthy to
be quoted In full. We. however, quote th«
following:. -
"I think that the position of the Board of
Public Works Is clearly right. To such board
has been given full power to determine wliat
clerks and employes are necessary for the
conduct of ih;. business of that department.'
They are responsible for tne conduct of this
branch ot the municipal government. Within
the limitations ot the charter a» to the dis
position of their appropriation they are ab
solute. If they create unnecessary places the
remedy lies not with the Civil Service Com
mission, but ultimately with the Mayor. The
Civil Service Commission Is created to sea that
appointments to ofSce and removals therefrom
procedure provided. T*ie!r business primarily
Is to see that proper arid fit persons are se
lected as officers and employes .under tli-»
rcerit system. And If there does not happen
to.be a properly qualified person for any
position that is vacant, their consent or ap
proval Is required to the appointment of a.
temporary appointee, who shall hold until an
examination can b<> held and a list of qualified
persons obtained. The commission may withhold
its approval of any temporary appointment
upen the. ground that the proposed appointee
is tiot fitted for the petition or upon the ground
that a temporary appointment Is not necessary
because a qualified list of ellglbles Us waiting
from which a regular appointment may - be
made. But the Civil 'Service Commissioners
should not reject a nomination upon the
ground that in their judgment such an office
or employment Is unnecessary In such depart
rr:?n:. If it were illegal to create such a place
that would be another matter,, but the case
presented does not give 4 rise to such question."
PROTEST OVERRULED.
The ground of protect that the Beard . of
Health has no power to abolish places of em
ployment, or to create new places of employ
ment without ~first obtaining the " sanction - of
the Civil Service Commissioners, Is therefore
held to be untenable ' and It Is overruled.
Dated January- IS. 10O4. .
JOH-V ROGERS
OEO. H. BAHRS
C' J. WILLIAMS.
Civil Service Commissioner*.
TO CONSIDER MAYOR'S VETO
TO MANAGE PUBLIC POUND
BIDS ARK TO BE INVITED
WILL CLEAN CHINATOWN
Unanimous Opinion Is Handed Down by the Civil Service Commissioners in
the Hearing to Determine Whether Important Provisions of San Fran
cisco's Charter Have Been Violated by New Appointees of the Mayor
Own/rs of Nickel Machines
Appear Before Supervisors
in Support of Their Protest
Board of Supervisors Passes
to Print Ordinance to Raise
Cash for Publiclmprovements
Board of Supervisors Directs
Various Corporations to Sub
mit Financial Statements
Supervisors Vote to Indefinitely
Postpone the [Resolution to
Level Golden Gate Avenue
ARRANGES SALE
OF BOND ISSUE
WISH LICENSE
FEES REFUNDED
BEGINS FIXING
OF GAS RATES
RULE AGAINST
GRADE CHANGE
BOARD OF HEALTH HAS AUTHORITY
TO ABOLISH OR CREATE OFFICES
CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION UPHOLDS BOARD OF HEALTH WITH REGARD TO REMOVALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1904.
BERLIN. Jan. J8. — The Empress Aujtista
Victoria ; . is suffering ¦ from a , slight Injury . > to
her ' foot, necessitating a ~ cancellation - of her
court for ladles on January SO. ; Th« debu
tantes , will be presented to the Empress at one
o£ the court balU."Egf£S
OAKDALE, Jan. IS— Joseph Scharn
horst shot a farmhand named Barney
Smith during a brawl at ; the ' Blue
Wingr saloon to-day. Two bullets took
effect. A physician was called " and
found one of the bullets lodged in the
man's brain. He says. Smith cannot
live. .' K-.l • C"
Sends Ballet in Man's Brain.
5
Pay a Penny To Aid a Sick Friend
Ant* I Win Eisk $5.S». % .
- t atk «r.> a pasal card— j»si thr same of larr* one
• ho r.eeci hf ip. Tell mt the bock U» *tui. T:i •
«nfle to do <oc a friend -don't »e»!ect it. I will jUidly
co all the rest. ¦
I m~A tmi him my beck. I will inwit with a drvf -
ristnearfcy tf.st !« mav takeaix bottles t>r. 5hoo» a Re-
atorative.' He may tiVe it a month at ntr ntk. If it
auccteds, it co>ti ft; u. 1! u (ails, I will par the druc-
fi*troyvt\i- Ana th« tick one 'a mere word shall de-
I do that so that those « ha c~£ Kelp » :'•! accept it.
! I have what those s-xk ones mast have to get well.
«r.a 1 waft then to have it. I make mr offer so fair
chat no sick one can afford to neglect it.
I <jo jut as I say. and trust the cured ones to be fair
w.thme. 1 have furnished my Restorative to hundreds
of thousands en these terms, acd jg oat of each 40 have
paid f'.ii'tT. because they «erecer«d. I want not a
per.cy otherwise. .
Mr Restorative as tcy disreverr. the nsolt of nrr
I:i»t<rme's work. I have personally tested it in tuon-
saoec of cases as difficult ;.» physicians ever meet. In
nty ior-f experience I hare so perfected it thai it dfte»
not fail, save when a casse — fike cancer— makes a cure
impossible. • ¦ . ....
. My «ucce*s coniet frctn itreer*er.iijc the mud*
nerves. Common treatment* merer/ doctor the orxan*.
and best results arc but temporary. My trtacaer.t re-
stores the nerve power »hw Jt alone makes these artans
act. It is like r 1 vir.f a weak rzsir.t more steam. Any
weak vital orran does its duty miien siren Ute power to
act. and there is so other way to make weak orxans »ell.
• Noocker remedy strenrthens weak inside serves, and
(cr this reason there is no other treatment for chronic
dfejease* which any man will offer on a ptan like mine. ,
,. Pkase tell me who seeds a retnedr nke ttat.
Simply state which Book 1 on Dj«p»'p»ia.
hnok von waut and Book 2 on the Heart.
boo* j ou waat ana Rook 3 on j^
addrew Dr. Shoop. 4 for women.
Box SSX. r.2L;n-. Book S for men < wealed)
Wis. • Book 6 cs . Rheumatism
Mild rm*t*. not chronic, are often cured with
ooe or two bottles. At druf sleu.
\
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HYUIU
THEJAUSE
DISEASE
Nine-tenths of all our diseases
have their beginning with
CONSTIPATION
: It is a duty we owe to our
¦A:- body 'to secure a free raoTe-
ment of the bowels once every
day. -The one reliable remedy
for constipation is
HUNYAD! JANOS
THE NATURAL UXATiVE WATEH.
Half a class on arising gives
' prompt tad pleasant relief.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY CURES
CATARRH
-MND-
DEAFNESS
IN 0L0 AND YOUNG.
; " * ; ; JffflfjSjii^ ; f2?& - y 'A'-'-'*
«,-..*"¦ ¦¦¦ J|- '-;*¦¦ ¦¦ -¦¦**'*£ ¦ -^ " ¦¦•¦¦ B* -'v 11 * - •£
f ¦¦¦,:*¦ •-,:?•.* .Sat'. '. ¦ **-• ¦ "- - "-* >* : * -¦»*>&>-
»r -•'¦ 'SPE : . jniau -^L. v ¦ *:-:>'•;
. * ;&^ifH Hfailfiii^iarJ^B Tt\
MISS S. TX. TATX.0B.
201S Pacific Ave.. Alameda, CaL
"For many years I had suffered from
catarrh, deafness and ¦rinsing' ears. . I
think I have used every- known treat-
ment. I. even tried . artlflcial ear. drums
for my deafness. Nothing helped- ms
until I took up the Electro-Chemic treat-
ment. Tbat has helped me from th»
start. It not only has shown its cura-
tive effect on my catarrh and deafness.
but my general health and "strength
have also been built up by it.
"To those advancing In .years I am
sure there is no treatment in the world
equal to Electro-Chemistry." BJTSi
(Signed> MISS S. N. TAYLOR.
2016 Pacific ave.. Alameda. CaL
AND H 1^ H H
EXAMINATION * * V *-« *-*
Specialties — Coaswnptlom, Catarrh.
Bronchitis. Asthma, , Cancer*. Tumor*.
Deafness, Head and £ar Notsii, Sb*a-
miiti*™. Paralysis. Senxalrfa, Kl«».
Diseases of - the Stomach, U^er. Kid-
ney • and Bowels. • Special Diseases : of
Men aad Women. All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— If you live at
a distance, try to come for a personal
examination. > If you can't come, write
for instructions for home examination
and treatment.
ElECTRO-CfiEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 G&AXT AVE.. Cor. Post.
SAH rXAVCXSCO.
OfSce hours— 9 a. m. ta S p. m. and 7 to 8
p. m. daltr- Sundays. 10 •• n*. t<> 1 p. m. .
Separate apartments for Uiles and feaUemen.
t
advehtisements.Special information rappUert daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 -Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main IOC •
Townsend's California since fruits and
candles, 3>c a pound, tn artistic fire
otched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market at., above Call bids *
• The charges of disorderly conduct preferred against
Prince Cupid in Washington in;.. consequence of that
young- man's ambitious effort to celebrate the coming of
the iriew • year as . we ¦ do, will not '• be, pressed. This is as
it should be. We ought not to be hard on strangers who
emulate us in actions that ought to land anybody in jail.
1 Chamberlain is advocating his , tariff reform campaign
with a daily increasing insistence. The most serious dif
ficulty of the English people in connection with the mat
ter is to determine in. their ovvn minds if he be the re
former whose past warrants confidence in his predictions
and -promises of the future." .
BALLOON — Reader. Oakland. Cal.
The credit of having reachedtrw* high
est altitude in a balloon is given to
Drs. Bersen and Suring of Berlin.
They rose to rv height of 30.000 feet,
both losing consciousness for a brief
interval.^ They continued to Mcend
to 33.000 feet, when one of them.be
came completely unconscious and
could not te aroused. The other
pulled the valve and then became in
sensible. Neither recovered con
sciousness until the balloon had
dropped to 16.000 feet.
A. S is well known to all persons interested in com
mercial matters, there has been for a long time' an
urgent need for increasing the powers of the In
terstate Commerce Commission, so_ as to give it ample
authority to deal with the abuses of railway management
by " which certain shippers are given advantage over
others. The commission itself has/in its' report's to^.Con- ;
gress, .repeatedly pointed out the need of i increased pow
ers, and again and again has cited specific instances of
violation of the spirit of the law, which it is at present
powerless to punish. or to prevent.
For the purpose of clothing 'the; commission with the
needed authority, identical . bills have been introduced
in the Senate by Senator Quarles and „ in the House
by Cooper of Wisconsin, directly • conferring upon ; the
commission authority to determine, after full . hearing I of
all parttes in interest, what changes shall ;-bc ; made in .a
rate complained of/ or in any practice affecting the 1 rate,
for the transportation of persons or property, when" it
is found to. be discriminative or. unreasonable.. It- is pro
vided that the order, of the commission prescribing a just
and reasonable rate . shall , be operative within thirty days,
TO STRENGTHEN THE COMMISSION.
MAIL— Subscriber. City. If a man
occupied rooms in "a rooming house,"
leaves and does not give any direction
as to mail matter that may come after
his departure, it i3 the duty of the
person keeping such rooming house to
write on the envelope or parcel oppo
site the address, the word3 "not at"
and deposit the same' in a mailbox.
No one is authorized to hold mail for
any ane unless directed so to do."
Longstreet's Bravery.
A writer in the Atlanta Constitution
gives some highly interesting anecdotes
concerning the life of General Long
.street, the famous Con Moderate leader,
who recently passed away. Of Long
street'a actipns at Gettysburg the
! writer says:
I "Every Confederate who ever saw
i General Longstreet in battle ranks says
! that he seemed to be oblivious to dan
ger. As to the Gettysburg reports. Col
onel McBride - said: 'Longstreet, al
though a prudent and cautious fighter,
was not only always ready to fight, but
he was always anxious and wanted to
fight. On the second day he was not
slow, but was simply putting himself
in shape to do the bloodiest fight of the
; war. At least two-thirds, of the casual
'¦ ties in America's greatest battle hap
pened, in front of Longstreet' s corps.
Reports show this. " The records also
show that he only obeyed Lee's orders
! to the letter.
".'At Sharpsburg, General Longstreet
rode along the lines where, the battle
was forging thick. General Hill and
other officers begged him" to dismount
as a matter of safety^ \ He .would not
heed them. About this time a well-di
rected ball cut off -both of Hill's horse's
forelegs. The generals dismounted,
nothing dismayed, and began with their
MAKING A SHOE— Subscriber.
City. With improved' machinery used
in tlfe manufacture of . shoes it re
quires but a very short time to make
a pair of shoes. During a recent speed
test in a factory in Lynn. Mass.. a pair
of shoes was made in thirteen min
utes. In that time the "raw material"
was started and passed through the
hands of fifty seven operators.
HEAT— H. P. T., Alameda, Cal.
The human system can endure heat to
212 degrees, the boiling point, because
the skin; is a bad conductor, and on
account . of the perspiration cooling
the* body. Men have withstood 309
degrees of heat for several minutes
without injury.
PASSPORTS — A. B. C, City. The
laws of the United States prohibit the
granting of. a passport to any one not
a citizen of the United States. A per
son who has only made declaration of
intention to become a citizen cannot
obtain a passport.
March of the Muscovite.
There's a quarrel on the Muscovite
border.
The legions are marching to war.
Afar from the banks of the Neva.
Upholding the Peace of the Czar.
The Lust of the Ages is loosened,
Fierce, unquenchable, wild —
A Mastodon beating the crust of the
world,
A Lion that plays with a child.
There's a storm on tho Muscovite
border, v '. '< -
The fields are covered with slain;
The legions swing silently on
Through the beat of the iron rain.
Down o'er the Steppes of the Tartar —
A vast, immeasurable horde
On like the tides of winter.
Upholding the Peace of their lord.
Peace, at last, on the Muscovite border;
Hushed are the thunders of war.
Back to the banks of the Neva
The legions are marching afar; /
The world looks on in silence
At the new King come In the land.
As Roman and Grecian and Saxon yield
To the march of the Muscovite band.
• * « • * « ,
A Day not ours to see. Sir, • s
But a glimpse of the Ages to be:
When a Slav rules over tho land, Sir,
And a Muscovite rules o'er the sea
PAUL. DU SHAY.
Answers to Queries.
FISH — Subscriber, San Jose. Cal.
It is impossible to tell If the supply of
fish will ever give out. It is esti
mated that every square mile of tha
sea contains 120,000,000 flah.
Following the Leader.
At- one of the industrial establish
ments at the Potrero there is a rule
that all men late In reporting for work
must enter on a book fo- that purpose
the reasons why they were late. "It
invariably happens that the first man
makes an entry that "his wheel broke
down" or that "the car was stopped by
an accident." The men who follow use
this excuse by marking underneath
"ditto," "ditto," without stopping to
see^what the heading is.
Olie morning recently the first man
made an entry thus: "Wife had twins."
As usual the' "ditto," "ditto" marks
followed, until the last of these entries
made was that of the office boy, aged
11 years.
Cat in Sick Ward.
The London Mall tells the fo'Iowing
odd story of a cat at a receiving hos
pital: ".r!> .'...>
" 'Lady Gertie' is one of the model
patients of the London Hospital. Sha
is at present in the Sisters' room in a
children's ward, and although she is
only a subdued-looking black kitten
with her tail in a white bandage, hei
admission is quite regularized by thi
fact that she has a 'card,' a tempera
ture chart and visitors.
"A boy brought her to the receiving
room a fortnight ago, witn the simple
explanation that she had been run over
by a cart, so pussy was given a card
marked 'P. F. O.' (prepare for opera
tion), and was attended to by* a housa
surgeon.
"At first there was little hope of sav
ing the tail, which had been badly
crushed, but bandages and boracio
dressing did wonders, and Lady Gertie
will only be abbreviated by about an
inch and a half."
WHILE old and weather-worn Democrats, sea
soned and scarred by the vicissitudes of many
seasons and skilled in observing the direction of
the wind and in the flavor of. pie at the official counter,
are feeling around for an issue for this year the boom of
Mr. William Randolph Hearst goes on booming like a
whistling buoy.
• Already East Oakland was organized for him, with an
irresistible club of ten charter members, and the 'Steenth
Ward Club of Los Angeles had painted a transparency
expressive of his public and private virtues and ascriptive
to his statesmanship. But there was something lacking, a
long felt want, an aching void like that caused by an
omitted lunch. His friends had noted, with pained sur
prise, that of his fellow members of Congress only three
had declared for him.
Judge Wade, the lone member of the party from Iowa,
in drawing seats got one next to Hearst, and in Novem
ber-had said to his constituency that to sit beside such
an augustness was a greater honor than to have -been
elected to the opportunity. He has sat within catching
distance of Hearst's statecraft and had every chance to
get it if it is contagious, but now finds it necessary to go
home and deny to his constituents in Davenport that he
will support Hearst for the Presidency. He also says that
Iowa is hopelessly Republican and may as well follow the
band, wagon and not try to drive the team.
This positive repudiation of his November attitude set
people to wondering. They asked themselves in whis
pers if close acquaintance with Mr. Hearst dispelled the
illusion of his greatness? What ailed him was what both
ered those that read in his newspapers that he is the
greatest thing that ever happened in this country. Had
they not read that he gave every constituent a turkey on
Christmas; that he had gone out and busted. the trusts
like they were egg shells; that. he was mapping out the
policy of the party in Congress, and that Senator Jo
Bailey was merely a brazen trumpet through which
Hearst's ideas reached the world? So what was the
matter any way with this .phenomenon among the phe
nomenal phenomena of the world of statesmen?
If he could not carry more than three votes in Con
gress, what could he do in the District of Columbia,
where nobody votes at all? Surely the non-voting folk
of the district see him come and go. They note the
brazen statue of General Rawlins turn uneasily on its
'pedestal as he goes to his daily duty up Pennsylvania ave
nue'. They see the marble statue of Ben Franklin smile
and bow to him as he goes by, while the nude female fig
ures at the base of the peace monument at the foot of
Capital Hill call for the police when he approaches and
the Jovian statue of Washington, shivering shirtless in
the cold, cries out, "Eclipse, penumbra, shade, shadow
and forgetfulness are mine. Hearsed am I, and Hearst
doth bestride my fame!" and have hoped that these mar
vels would impress the people.
Well, they have. . We read in the* Examiner that Mr.
James Bilkey of. South Washington called his neighbors
in to form a William Randolph Hearst Presidential Club.
William Soar and Robert Head, Philetus Legge and Jef
ferson Davis Grub responded and the club flung its de
fiant banner and candidate to the breeze. We have not
room for the eulogy pronounced by. Mr. Grub. It may
be found in full in Mr. Hearst's papers. His modesty
forbade him to give it to the Associated Press. It merely
says what every one may run and read in the Hearst
papers, to wit, that Washington, Jefferson and Lincoln
were well-, meaning, people, but /have been greatly over
rated in history, while Grant. Cleveland and McKinley
were- accidents and disgraces to their country.
The Goddess of Liberty has waited ever since 1776 for
a man of , her size to take charge of the Temple of Free
dom, keep the plumbing in order, have the lawn mowed,
stand off bill collectors, shake down the furnace and keep
the place fit. Such a man has now evolved and is to be
put at work at once N unless the people wish to be serfs
and perhaps worse. Of course his name in full is Wil
liam Randolph Hearst..
This ends widespread anxiety. The leader of. leaders
leads m South . Washington, D. C. His boom is real, it
is earnest and the waste basket is not its goal' The
movement- will now proceed. to. spread witji all. four feet.
ANXIETY RELIEVED.
'An III Wind.
He and she drifted into the County
Clerk's office in Oakland, targets for
the gaze of the curious. It was a 100
to 1 shot they wanted the cupid bu
reau. To a newspaper man who spied
the pair they figured for a story. The
reporter approached them.
Yes, they wanted to be married.
They had run away from home and
had come to Oakland, but, alas, at
the last moment the bridegroom learn
ed that a marriage license cost $2 and
his pockets yielded only $1 05.
"Tell you what I'll do," said the re
porter. "If you'll come up the street
with me and sit for your photographs
I'll buy the license and will see that
you are married without a cent of
cost And more than that, you shall
be my guests at a wedding breakfast."
It was a way out of trouble that
the smiling pair had not dreamed of.
A nod from the miss settled it. Oft
the reporter and his guests hurried.
Quickly a photographer posed the bri
dal couple. That done, the newspaper
man filled on his end of the contract,
bought license and got the services of
a Justice of the Peace. After the wed
ding the party repaired to a restaurant
and celebrated.
The following day a pretty runaway
marriage story was given to the news
paper's readers, but the secret of its
getting has been buried until now.
The Korean press has unswung its goose quills and
in language variously objectionable urges that' all for
eigners within the confines of the hermit kingdom be
killed as a lesson to the powers that are striving to make
the. nation a scene of disastrous war. It should be made
manifest to the Emperor of Korea that he has too many
editors with their heads in the wrong place.
The District School.
The old story about the dull school
boy reappears occasionally in new
dress. A Xew England paper says that
a Springfield school teacher received
the following note from the mother oi
one of her pupils on Monday: "Deal
Mis. You writ me about whlping' Sam
my. I hereby give you permission to
beet him up eny time it ia necessary to
learn him lesens. He Is Juste like his
father— you have to learn him with a
club. Pound nolege into him. I wants
him to git it. and don't pay no aten
shion to what his father says. I'll han,
die him."
Again from Indian Territory comet
this good one:
"The following remarkable essay on
the horse is said to be from the pen ol
an Indian student: The horse is a
very noble quadruped, but when he ia
angry he -will not do so. He Is ridden
on the spinal cord by the bridle, and
sadly the driver places his foots on the
stirrups and divides his lower llmba
across the saddle and drives his animal
to the meadow. He has four legs; two
are on the front side and two are after
ward. These are the weapons on which
he runs. He also defends himself by
extending these in the rear in a parallel
direction toward his- foe, but this hi
does only when he is in an aggravating
mood. There Is no animal like tha
horse. No sooner they see their guar
dian or master than they always cry
for food, but it 13 always at the morn
ing time. They have got tails, but nut
so long as the cow and such other Ilka
animals.' "
Age of the World.
cv «. FnnDEni<riv wright, a. m.. ll. n.
IAurhor of "Msn nrd the Glacial Period,"
•¦Asiatic Russia." Etc.]
«Co?yrJcht. tSO<J b>- Jji=e^h B. Howies.)
To the casual observer the moun
tains seem a type of eternity. We nat
uralJy speak of th? hills as "everlast
ing." A favorite mode of expressing
future eternity is to say "as long as
the world endureth." Even to the
j stronomer, with h!s most perfected
instruments for measurement of both
space and force, no variation in the
diameter of either the earth or the
sun has been discovered. This, how
ever, is not because no changes are
taking place, but because they are so
slow a^i man so shprt lived that they
do not make themselves perceptible to
our dull senses. In reality there is no
absoluie uniformity in nature. Every-*
thing is changing. To-morrow will
not be like to-day, and to-day is not
like yesterday. What were the con
ditions a million years ago and what
they ¦will be a million years hence are
largely matters of conjecture. Still
we have data enough to make specula
tion interesting, if not perfectly con
clusive.
That the whole solar system is pass
ing through changes which would
have made the world uninhabitable r.t
some timo in the past, and will make
it uninhabitable in the future, follows
from the recently established law of the
"conservation of energy." According
to this law force is as indestructible
as matter. Heat, light, gravitation,
electricity and all other forms of force
are interchangeable without loss. The
force that runs a steam engine is
transformed heat. The power de
veloped by placing a wheel under
Niagara is transformed gravitation,
and in the ultimate analysis trans
formed heat of the sun. The water
was lifted through ' evaporation to a
height from which it could fall and
so transfer the force of gravitation
acting upon it to a revolving wheel,
which in turn transforms it into elec
tricity, which runs the streetcars of
Buffalo and furnishes light for its
halls and homes.
But every one knows that heat is
not uncaused. It must have a source
of supply. The coal bin is not inex
haustible. The glowing stove will cool
if there is not a constant supply of fuel.
The warming pan will not be of ser
vice long if its heat is not renewed.
Hence we infer that the sun must be
a cooling body; for heat is radiating
lrom it at an enormous rate. Only a
little of this heat is arrested by the
earth. When we think of the scorch
ing rays of the sun which fall con
stantly upon the tropics, it seems as
though it were a great deal. But when
we reflect how small a space the earth
fills in the solar system we shall bet
ter appreciate how great is the amount
of heat from the sun which is con
stantly being wasted. So small is the
world that where it receives one unit
of heat from the sun -2. 1.70,000, 000
units go off into space to be lost for
ever.
This brings us to the question,
whence does the gun. derive its suppiy
of heat, and is that supply inexhausti
ble? Astronomers and physicists with
one accord tell us that its heat is not
inexhaustible, but differ somewhat in
guessing what the source is. Some
have thought that the sun was heated
up by having a constant stream of me
teors falling into it. We know that
whenever the motion of a solid body is
suddenly arrested this motion is
changed into heat. I have seen a cold
piece of iron made red hot in a minute
by the rapid lusty blows of a black
smith's hammer upon it. Meteorites
when they fall to the earth are always
pmoki'ig hot. This is caused by the
friction of the air. But if meteorites
were falling through space thick enough
to keep up the heat of the sun so many
would strike the earth that it, too,
vould ho red hot. '
Allied to thl3 theory is that of the de
rivation of the sun's heat from the con
traction of its dianieter. The present
siz* of the sun is maintained by the
expansive power of the heat within it.
But as the rim slowly contracts
through the constant action of gravi
ts.t!oa the dtgree of heat is kept up,
and indeed intensified, so that the sun
is now hotter than TF~used to be, but
being also smaller does not radiate as
much as it once did. It- is estimated
that to produce the present amount of
heat the diameter of the sun must con
tract 2ZQ feet per year, <or a mile in
twenty.flve years— four* miles a cen
tury. Though this is too small an
amount to have been noted by i any
¦present -means of measurement since
accurate observations -began .to be
made, it is by .no means , an . insignifi
cant amount, andpoints to limits both
in the past and future.
It Is estimated that if all the matter
in the Eolar system had been moving
from the utmost bounds of space to
ward the' center of the sun It would
furnish heat at the present rate for
only IS.000,000 years. But It is probable
that formerly the radiation of the sun,
when it filled mnch larger space than
now, was greater than at. present. It
is a rather startling fact that if the
sun's heat were increased by 'much
more than one-half it would boil away
all the v.?.lor on the globe. As water
i? necessary to life on the globe. Pro
fessor rCcv.-corr.b, our great authority
at Wnsbinstcn, thinks that ."the bal
ance of c2urcs which would result in
the sun radiating heat just fast enough
tc preeene the earth In its present
own hands at once to help the men tc
manage the artillery, thereby savin?
Lee's army at this Juncture from de
feat.' "
WE regarded the first protests against, seating
Apostle Smoot as, a Senator as f idle, for the
reason that it could not be proved, that he° was
constitutionally ineligible. We adhere to. that convic
tion. According to the requirements of the constitution
lie is a citizen of the United States and of the State of
Utah. He is eligible to a seat in the Senate. Since the
first grounds upon which the denial of his seat' was
asked, there has been added the charge that oaths taken
in the secret ceremonies of the Morton church, in the
''Temple work," so called, conflict with a Mormon's alle
giance to this Government. This may well be so, since
the secret ceremonial and the ritual part of Mormonism
was enriched with the hatred that was caused by the per
secution of the church at Nauvoo and during the hegira.
Reasoning simply from the conjunction of human na
ture and religious fanaticism with such circumstances,
we do not doubt that oaths and obligations went into the
ritual that put the church above the state. But, even if
the text of such oaths is revealed and put in evidence,
we know of no way by which Congress can divest a man
of his citizenship for taking such an path.
The legal question involved is •novel 'and. of. great in
terest. A man may be divested of his citizenship, by
conviction of crime. But Apostle Smoot has not been con
victed of crime, and no lawyer has j'et said how a crimi
nal information or indictment can be framed against him
for taking the secret oath with which he is charged.
Crimes are statutorj', and there is no statute defining the
taking of such an oath as a crime, therefore no indict
ment can lie. Treasfcm is denned by the constitution as
"levying war against the United States, or giving aid
and comfort to the enemies thereof." But the statute of
treason which enforces that provision of the constitu
tion does not include the alleged oath. r:As John G.
Carlisle will present the case against Smoot/ .the popular
knowledge will be greatly enriched by information on' a
subject involving an aspect of citizenship of the greatest
interest. '¦¦ ¦
Passing from that phase of the question 'with 'the "cer
tainty that he can be divested of eligibility to his seat
only by divesting him first of citizenship, which can be
done only by his judicial conviction of a statutory crime,
we cannot overlook other issues raised in the apostle's
very diffusive defense. He, in effect, puts .the Mormon
church on trial in his rejoinder to the charges against
himself. A lawyer whb reads it will be amazed that a
lawyer wrote it.- The only issue raised which the Senate
could act upon being the guilt or innocence of the apos
tle of the statutory crime oi\ polygamy, the answer im
pleads the whole practice and policy of the Mormon
church. It denies that, polygamy is any longer sanc
tioned by the church, but admits that it is practiced by
a few individuals on their personal responsibility and lia
bility to answer to the law. 'Now how can a Mormon
make a polygamous marriage except by the sanction of
the church? He must receive the church sanction and
go through the, church ceremony.
It is alleged that . the present head of the church,
Joseph Smith, lives with- five^wives and has become
the father of twenty-two i-chilprcn since' the church
manifesto receding from polygamy, which was the key
that opened the door for Utah to enter the Union. The
apostle's answer makes it incumbent upon the Senate to
inquire into the domestic arrangements of the president
of the church. It is true that the document protests
against any evidence being introduced except uponSmoot's
personal eligibility, and declares evidence on other issues
to be irrelevant, impertinent and immaterial. But he has
not the power nor the right to limit evidence, having
himself raised issues that are necessarily controvertible.
He does this by denying that he has- ever countenanced,
aided, honored or preferred any person who has violated
the law. This makes necessary an inquiry by evidence
into his relations to the president of the church, and in
quiry into President Smith's alleged continued practice
It is evident that in the future we are to have a suc
cession of such issues as have been raised by the apos
tle's election to the Senate, and that prospect should
cause now the fullest examination into every question
raised in his answer, and there should be a decision
which will settle the permanent policy of the Senate. In
the case of Brigham Roberts, the House blundered. It
began by depriving him of his constitutional right to ;
take the oath and his seat upon presentation of his cer
tificate of election, which is prima facie! evidence of title,
to the seat. This initial blunder made the subsequent
action of the House valueless as a precedent. The Sen
ate is avoiding that error and will furnish a precedent
useful to the country. * ; *;,' v ; '"/•''•.*¦*
Apostle Smoot and the Mormon hierarchy do not un
derstand the sentiment of the country, which is that po
lygamy is morally wrong, that is malum in.se and not
malum prohibitum— wrong in itself and not wrong only
because it is prohibited. Therefore the country perfect
ly well understands that in the Mormon mind and teach
ings there is a conflict between what the church con
siders to be moral and what the law and the Gentile
conscience consider immoral. Under such circumstances
it is well understood by the country that the church has
the most powerful motive for controlling the politics of
enough States to prevent polygamy being made a Fed
eral question, as it can be by an anti-polygamy amend
ment to the constitution. When they can prevent that
they are at liberty to repeal the anti-polygamy statutes
of a State and conform the law to their fdea of morals.
This is the great question at issue, and it is of, equal
gravity with the former question of "slavery, which was
domestic to the States until the thirteenth amendment
made it a Federal concern.
'A Talc of Whiskers.
Deputy Coroner Streightif over In
Berkeley is renowned the county over
for the fearful and wonderful growth
of whisker which adorns his official
countenance. It is waist-long, a fiery,
uncompromising red. pugnacious. When
j Streightif presides at an obsequies the
beard leaves no adornment to be de
sired.
Recently one of the Berkeley corre
spondents for a city paper caught a
fleeting glimpse of Streightif with most
j of the . whisker apparently gone; It
i seemed that some cruel hand had shorn
j him like Samson and only a mere wisp
j of the former glory remained in mourn
! ful mernoriam of what had once been.
Wildly the reporter rang up his chief
with the startling announcement,
j "Streishtifs lost his whiskers." Im
j mediately the message came back hot
j over the wire: "Will send a cartoonist
I from . the city. Write a comic of at
j least 500 words — history of the whis
! kers, how the college town mourn3
their loss, etc."
The cartoonist arrived and together
the two newspaper men went around
to the branch Morgue to interview and
| sketch the shorn deputy. Streightif
Ifhad his back turned from the door
when the twain entered. Merrily the
reporter hailed him. "Oh, Streightif,
we want to learn all about how you
I lost your whiskers."
The official gravely turned about and
with one hand drew forth the flaming
insignia from where it had been snugly
tucked away under his vest. "Young
man," quoth the Injured Streightif,
"don't you get too fresh."
THE SMOOT CASE.
state has probably not existed more
lhan 10,000,000 years," and that this is
therefore "near' the extreme limit of
time that we can suppose water to have
existed on the earth in the fluid state."
'. Eut, though (he. mathematicians in
s'st that some, such limit as 10.000,000
or 23,003,000 years must be placed upon
the existence of even the lowest forms
of life on the earth, geologists still con
tend for a longer' lease of time. Rea
soning from the known rate at which
f*rms«of 15fe change, Darwin and Lyell
assumed that It must have been on the
earth for many hundred million years.
Darwin, indeed, in his earlier editions
of "The Origin of Species," speaks of
366,000.000 years as a mere trifle of geo
logic time. But the geologists of the
¦present day are more modest in their
demands, and would, apparently, be
Fatlsn>d with 100.000,000 or •twice that
number of years. Alfred Russell Wal
lace, however, from geological evidence
calculates that 30,000,000 years is all
that reed be demanded for the facts
ot geology.
Wallace's estimate is an interesting
one. Taking the thicknera of the sedi
mentary rocks at 117,200 feet, which is
8n extreme estimate, and reckoning the
coast line of the globe at 100,000 mile;?,
and that the sediment brought into the
sea is d«ocsitea on an average over a
belt thirty miles wide, he finds that at
the present rate the total thickness of
rocks would be formed within the above
mentioned length of time. For, at the
present rate of erosion of the conti
nents, the whole land surface of the
parth is lowered one foot in 3000 years
and the sediment deposited along the
shores of the continents. One foot from
57,000,000 square miles (the land surface
of the earth), is equal to nineteen feet
deposited in 2000 years over the bait
stretching thirty miles out from 100,000
miles of shore line: 177,:00 divided by
19 multiplied by 3000 equals 28,000.000.
Such is the reduction to the age of
the world made by more recent investi
gations both of astronomers and geolo
gists. Assuming the truth of the nebu
lar hypothesis, Professor George H.
Darwin obtained results remarkably
rimilar from calculations, concerning
the relations of the moon to the earth.
The moon produces tides upon the earth
and conversely the earth must pro
duce tides upon the moon. As was long
ago shown these tides retard the daily
motion of the revolution of these bodies.
The tides are equivalent to a wave on
the earth about three feet high, strik
ing twice a day on the eastern shore
of the continents. This has the same
effect as a brake on a wheel, and im
perceptibly but surely retards its mo
tion. As the moon is much smaller
than the earth and hence has less mo
mentum, its motion has been affected
much more by its tides than has that
of the earth. Whereas, the moon once
revolved on its axis very rapidly, it now
requires a whole month to revolve, and
so keeps the same face toward the
earth all the time. r .'u/ :
By Darwin's calculation it was shown
that formerly the earth revolved on its
axis once every eight hours, but was
reduced to its present rate by the same
process that has reduced the moon.
At the time when the moon and
earth were revolving so rapidly they
were much nearer to each other than
now; indeed, so near that the tides
they produced on each other were many
times as great as those now produced;
so great, indeed, was the tidal wave
which then rolled over the world that
it is hardly possible to suppose that
any form of life could have endured the
conditions.
Going further, Darwin proved that
the moon was originally thrown off
from the mass of the earth by the In
creased centrifugal motion of the con
tracting sphere of the earth, as water
is thrown off from a grindstone. Fur
thermore, by his calculations of the re
tarding influence of the tides, he
proves that this could not have oc
curred less than 50,000,000 nor more
than 100.000,000 years ago. All geologic
time, therefore, must be brought much
within these limits, for after the birth
of the moon an immensely long period
must have elapsed before the condi
tions were such upon the earth that
life could have endured them. So that
his calculations agree in a remarkable
manner with those of Mr. Wallace and
of Professor Newcomb.
But 1,000,000 years is a long time, and
slowly working causes produce im
mense results within that period. As
Darwin remarks, "Few of us know
what a million really means. Take a
narrow strip of paper S3 feet 4 inches
in length and stretch it along the wall
of a large hall: then mark off at one
end the tenth of an inch. This tenth of
an inch will represent 100 years, and
the atrip a million years." Bearing this
in mind, we shall appreciate the fol
lowing calculations concerning the
great length of the geological periods
even on Mr. Wallace's estimate of the
total length of geological time, and
they. will seem sufficiently long for all
necessary purposes.
Vignette of Dickens.
Charles Dickens, it was often said,
was above all things an actor. He was
indeed an actor, and a consummate one.
He wa3 never when in public what in
the ordinary sense of the word is
"termed natural." I saw him again and
again at these Guild meetings; I heard
him address various public assem
blages, and I listened, I think, to each
of his public readings, and in all he had
consciously an ideal in his mind, up to
which he may be said to have acted. His
characters have been counted, and th»»y
run Into hundreds and hundreds. He
must have created them as he walked
and 1 ode and conversed or mused. The
situation in which he found himself
for the time became an ideal one forth
with, and his part a part with the. rest.
I once saw him hurry forward. In St.
James Square to help a policeman who
was struggling with a desperate fel
low whom he had arrested for stealing
lead. My friend Mr. J. C. Parkinson,
well known to and much liked by Mr.
Dickens, was with me, and .we hast
ened to assist. I really trembled, for
the man looked savagely at Mr. Dick
e:is. and in another moment a blow
might have fallen. "I'll go. with you to
the station," said Mr. Dickens to the
policeman, and he did. Even then his
voice, his air. his walk made me think
of pome accomplished artist called upon
to represent all this 6a the stage.-—
Cornhill Magazine
or in case of proceeding for review within sixty days.
Such -order is subject to review or modification by the
commission at any time upon full hearing of all parties
concerned.
The justness and reasonableness of every order thus
issued by the commission is made subject to review by
the circuit courts ofj the United States, upon a petition
filed within twenty days. Pending report, the court may,
if it deem proper, suspend the order. An appeal to the
Supreme Court may be taken within thirty days, and
cases under the act are given precedence over all except
criminal cases. '^V : '
The- bill, is clearly a fair one, and thoroughly safe
guards the rights of transportation companies from any
possible unjust ruling or order of the commission, while
at the same time it gives the commission power to ren
der really valuable service to the community by the cor
rection of abuses which up to this time have escaped re
dress. It is to be noted that the authority thus given is
by no means new, for it was exercised by the commis
sion for some time to the general satisfaction of the
public. The right of the commission to exercise it was,
however, denied by the Supreme Court on the ground
that it was not expressly conferred by the terms of the
interstate commerce act, and since that time' the com
mission has been powerless to prevent the wrongs com
plained of. The matter is one of great importance to
well nigh every interest of the country, and the needed
authority ought to be granted by Congress during the
present session.
THE SAN FRANCISCO v CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19; 190J.
THE SAN. SIR AN CISCO CAjLL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS,, Proprietor jij. ... .£*.> > .... ' Address ;AII Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Offlce .. ... ............ .<^^^^^>"; .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
TUESDAY .....:.: .....; .."JANUARY 19, 1904
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThe men had been drinking and the
shooting was the . result . of an argu
ment over Louisa Smith, an habitue
of the place, with whom Schultz was
infatuated. He had threatened the
life of the woman and Lans warned
her to beware. .She took the warning
and left the. place soon after Schul_
entered.
Then Schultz accused Lans of hav
ing turned the woman against him.
They had a heated argument and fin
ally Schultz drew. a. gun and fired at
Lans. 1 The bullet entered at the bridge
of Lans*. nose, breaking ¦ that j member
and lodging in ~ 4 - the nasal cavity.
Schultz then turned the weapon on
Fred Schultz, a sailor, attempted to
end the life of a fellow sailor, John
Lans, with a bullet in a Pacific-street
dance hall last night. He shot Lans
in the nose and then turned the srun
on himself, sending a bullet crashing
through h's brain. He was removed
to , tfte Emergency Hospital, .where he
expired a* few minutes after his ar
rival.
Fred Schultz Shoots John Lans In the
Nose and Then Turns Weapon
On Himself. '
SAILOR WOUNDS. ANOTHER,
THEN COMMITS SUICIDE
Mr. Justice Nesbitt of the Supreme
Court of Canada sat on the bench with
Judge Morrow yesterday 'in the
United States Circuit Court, an inter
ested spectator of the proceedings in
the matter of the miners* strike at
Hodson. Calaveras County.
Canatliaif^Celebrity in Court.
himself and sent a bullet crashing
through his brain. Both men were
removed to the Emergency Hospital,
where Schultz died on the operating
table. I.nns will recover.
The importance of Secretary Cortel
you's decision may be gauged by the
fact that former C olleclor Jackson
within two consecutive year:: landed
at this port 3000 Chinese laborers as
native born American citizens. It is
expected that the recent ctand of Sec
retary Cortelyou will open the door for
many cases of substitution, the matter
of identity in such cases being the only
issue before the department.
Commissioner North was inttructed
to land Yung Yee without further cere
mony.
missioner North deemed the evidence
upon which the Custor.is Collector
reached that conclusion to be insuffi
cient."
! Fresno. Tulare, Xapa and Other Coun
ties Show Their Products in the
Ferry Building. t>\-
Manager Brings of the State Board
of Trade reports that Fresno County
• has renewed it« exhibit in the State
Board of Trade rooms with new and
very attractive material. The exhibit
from Fresno County is now complete
except in the matter of raisins and
these .will probably be sent forward
within a few days and installed in the
space that has formerly been occu
pied as a gtneral raisin exhibit.
Tulare County has also sent forward
citrus fruits to be processed and added
to the exhibit from that county. Napa
County and Los Aneeles County have
j both sent citrus fruits for their ex
hibits. The various counties affiliated
with the board are manifesting a dis
position to renew their exhibits to
keep them in good form._
Manager Brigss also reports that
the registrations for the week end
ing: with the 16th Inst. aggregated 506,
which, according to the ratio used in
estimating visitors, grave 2&30 for the
week*
STATE BOARD OP TRADE
INSTALLS *.'EW EXHIBITS
All Coolies Once Admitted as
Native Born Americans May
Return Without Hinflrance
eaTheaters,: formerly. $4.50. now $2.50,
at" San Francisco Gas and Electric'Com
pany, 415 Post street. •
Martin Dunn, a teamster, was
foundry Mrs. E. CChristerisen in the
bathroom of her. house at 463 Four
teenth ¦ street : last night- Mrs. , Chris
tensen : screamed and 'a man named
Stegenunv who Uves in the lower flat,
rushed. into the house and held Dunn
until the police could be summoned.'
Dunn was charged with attempting to
commit burglary. ,
Burglar Caught in House.
to Palo Alto (Stanford University). San . Jose
and the famous Santa Clara Valley In behalf
of delegates to the' National Livestock and
"Wool-Growers 1 Association. Train will leave
Third and Townaend ; streets station Wednes
day, Jenuary 20, 0 a. m.; returning the- train
leaves San Jose, via Nlles, January 21, 2:30
p. in ,-arrlvinjr in San Francisco- at .4:30 p.
mh Special- round trip tickets, !PK 60, including
carriage ¦ drive, nt Palo Alto and electric car
ride to "Alum Rock Park and return. Open
to all.. . - • * :
Special Excursion
Bigelow's Will Is Filed.
The will of Samuel C. Blgelow, the
capitalist that died a few days ago,
was filed for probate yesterday. It
devises an estate estimated to be
worth in the neighborhood of $1,000,
000, to Isabel Otis Blgelow, widow of
the deceased. In the will she. is re
quested to <iare for Lucy Elliott, sis
ter of the testator, and Romola Bige
low Woods, his daughter. The widow
and A. A., Smith are named as execu
tors of the will.
Evldehtly guided by the legal condi
tion of "once in 'jeopardy," Secretary
Cortelyou of the Department of Com
merce, and Labor has handed- down an
opinion that will relieve a certain class
of Chinese immigrants from considera
ble trouble in gaininj admission to the
United States and that will materially
lighten the work of the Chinese bureau.
;The decision was given in the matter
of the appeal of Yung Yee from the ac
tion of Immigrant Commissioner North
in debarring him I from . admission at
this port. Yung Yee arrived on the
Coptic on October 21_and claimed to be
a -native born citizen' of the United
States. . He proved before the Chinese
"Bureau that he had been admitted to
this country- several years ago as a na
tive born American by a former Collec
tor of Customs upon evidence that was
regarded by that * official as sufficient.
United States-Immigrant Commissioner
North did not consider the same evi
dence-as sufficient and denied him. a
landing. I^3S^&^SSBSBmm*JSpBS^
:: Secretary Cortelyou- says: "The San
Frerncisco Collector of Customs, who
Was the lawfully constituted officer to
consider and .finally, pass .upon the
facts, sustained the claim of citizenship
and " decided that 5 the. appellant was
born V in : the " States,- and since
no appeal, was taken from his decision
it must be held that his ; determination
was final, . notwithstanding: that Com-
DOOR IS OPEN
FOR MONGOLS
ventioh have already appeared in The
Call. '
At a meeting of the Christian church
ministers yesterday afternoon at the
Y. M. C. A. building arrangements
were made and a programme adopted
for an evangelistic conference to be held
Tuesday, February 2, at the First
Christian '¦ Church, Twelfth street, be
tween Mission and Howard.
The Verein Deutsche Foresters and
German-American Circle of the Inde
pendent Companions of the Forest
will give a masquerade ball next Sat
urday evening in the hall of the San
Francisco Turn Verein on TnrV- **}****l
Foresters' Masquerade,
Mrs. Bassillio Suddenly Dies
Mrs. Marrraret Bassilllo. a widow.
fiT year* old, died suddenly yesterday
morning at her residence. 216 Union
street- She had been in the best of
health apparently, and after eating
breakfast lay on the bed. Her
daughter Mr>.rc\iret found her «i short
tine afterward unconscious. She was
dpa<3 in p few minutes afterward.
The programme of the Protestant
Episcopal Diocesan Convention, which
will begin at Grace Church, California
and Stockton streets, Tuesday morning,
January 26. at 11 o'clock, has been ar
ranged. Ths particulars of the con- 1
At the Baptist ministers' meeting,
held in the Y. M, C. A. building yester
day afternoon, a paper entitled "A
Succinct Statement of Socialism" was
read by Rev. Robert Whltaker. Tha
writer holds that socialism deals pri
marily with economic Issues and he
denies the responsibility of Socialists
for any particular doctrine of marriage
and showed on authority pf critics that
the attempt to make socialism respon
sible for the doctrine of rree love has
no foundation in fact.
Mr. Halliday held that the study of
the child has shown tHat a uniform sys
tem of lessons Is not so effective aa
graded lessons would be.
The main plea of the speaker was
that the child be made the center of
the entire" religious system and that
the church should begin its work with
the youngest children and train them
to become intelligent and responsive
Christians.
CHURCH AND CHILDREN.
The ministerial body adopted a reso
lution expressing sympathy for Rev. F.
W. Meyer of the German M. E. Church,
Oakland, on the death of his wife.
I. N. Halliday read a paper on '"The
Sunday School."
At the weekly meeting of the Metho
dist ministers at Epworth League Halt.
Dr. H. B. Heacock in the • chair. Dr.
John Thompson, Pacific Coast super
intendent of the American Bible So
ciety, announced that the one hun
dredth anniversary of the British and
Foreign Bible Society would be cele
brated the first Sunday in March.
Dr. Thompson said that the Arch
bishops of Canterbury and York had
sent pastoral letters throughout the
world and all denominations in Eng
land had passed resolutions to cele
brate "Bible Sunday." The American
Bible Society, which was organized in
1816, had recognized the coming an
niversary and he asked that it be cele
brated throughout California.
A resolution was adopted in accord
ance with Dr. Thompson's suggestion.
The Rev. Mr. Herriott, Rev. David
James and the Rev. Mr. Stone were ap
pointed to formulate and take charge
of the presentation of the testimonial
to the stricken minister.
Rev. Mr. McElhinney was chosen to
act as assistant secretary to Rev.
James Woodworth. ana Rev. E. K.
Strong, Dr. T. F. Day and Rev. R. C.
Stone of the executive committee were
requested to report on reorganization
of the association.
The Rev. J. M. MeElhJnney, the Rev.
E. K. Strong and the Rev. C. C. Her
riott expressed in feeling terms the re
spect in which the Rev. Mr. Woodworth
is held and on the suggestion of the
Rev. It. Logan it. was resolved to at
once present the secretary with a tes
timonial as a token of regard for the
valuable and untiring services* he has
given the association.
HONOR STRICKEN MINISTER.
The Presbyterian Ministers' Associa
tion met at the Woman's Occidental
Board, Sacramento street, yesterday
morning, the Rev. Moses Bercovitz, the
president, in the chair.
Dr. Doane regretted to announce to
the association the critical illness of
the Rev. James Woodworth. who has
held the position of secretary of the as
sociation without interruption, and
with only three days' absence, for
twenty-seven years. • N
In the Xhlrteenth century Oxford had gath
ered ao.OOO Etudents. Commensurate with
thin intellectual progress was the advance in
political rights and the development of de
mocracy. Madia Charta was won and the
English language became, the speech of the
court, and freedom of religion was a passion.
The Rev. S. C. Patterson read the
programme to be carried out In the
Petaluma Congregational Church next
week on the occasion of the fiftieth an
niversary of that church.
POLITIC AT, RIGHTS ADVANCE.
The word "Bible" was left In England by
the Xormans. The great cathedrals began to
take. Fhape in Fnlre and columns and dome,
«nd -we have the Cathedrals of Canterbury,
Winchester and Gloucester, every one of which
was a monumental prophecy of Protestantism,
destined to be the defenders ol the faith.
Protestantism, like electricity, hai always
existed, not as a movement, but as a moral
and intellectual force. Its history I» an In
tellectual evolution. Intent in the race was
the liberty-loving spirit of the reformers, as
certainly as the oak is concealed Invisibly in
the acorn. Historically. Protestantism began
with the Council of Trent, but as a matter of
fact, with Paul.
Resolutions of sympathy and con
dolence were ordered to be drawn up
by Dr. W. C. Pond, Dr. S. H. Willcy
and Dr. Frear and transmitted to the
famil.' of the deceased.
T.ev. William Rader read a paper
entitled '"Evolution of the English
Bible." in which he said:
There was ths usual activity S'ester
day at the Monday ministerial meet
ings. The Congregational oustors met
at their headquarters in.th-- Y. M. C.
A. building and heard with deep regret
of tr.- death o£ Dr. George Mooar, pro
fessor ol the /Theological Seminary o?
the Pacific.
She had known Patrick Lervy about
a year. She had mot him at Mrs.
Follis" store several times, but never
by appointment. She denied being in
Lervy s company in the months of
June* and July, as testified by wit
nesses for the prosecution. Her hus
frnnd had known Lervy. She denied
that fhe had ever put her arms round
Lervy? neck and kissed him. as testi
fied by Mr?. McCallum. nor had Lervy
ever put his arms round her and
kissed her. Lervy stopped with her
on the nishti of August 25 and 26. but
he had slept on a chair and she en ]
the bed with her clothes on. She !
K<?ver had a dispute with her husband
about Lervy or anybody else, as they
had been like ""two kids."
She had never purchased arsenic
ar.d never had it in her house. She
had never authorized any one to pur
chase it for her nor had she ever
r'f-ked any one to administer it to her
h.Tshand. She denied having written
•"McLau^hlin, M. D.." on the prescrip- j
lion calling for arsenic and knew j
nothing about it till she saw it at thc j
<"oroner's inquest. She had seen Harry |
Rowers with a white powder on the i
Friday night before her husband died, j
PHYSICIANS TESTIFY. ;
Knil Pohli. formerly rtenographer j
for the Coroner, testified that Carl j
E2isensch1mmeL the handwriting ex
pprt. had testified at the inquest that j
there had beeM r.o attempt to disguise i
t'ie handwriting on the prescription J
'MrLaughlin. M. D.," which Eisen-
EcTiimme] had denied.
Dr. Chsrles O. Kuhlman was called
s? nn expert. Hypothetical questions I
v <-ro put to him detailing symptoms j
n h;< h were claimed to have been i
rhown.in the case of Martin L. Bowers i
mid he answered that they showed he j
\-".<\ ho"ii suffering from tuberculosis, j
His cross-exfrninatlon was deferred j
till t_!i :tiorning.
Dr. John I. Stephen wa? also called
p«» an expert ar.d testified to the same
effect.
When the ca?e iraa called she con- |
tinued her examination in chief. She j
testified that her husband had been a j
heavy drinker for years, but denied |
that she had ever been drunk in her j
life. When she had been asked'in the
office of the Chief of Police to give
him a specimen of her handwriting
s=he had done so and made no attempt |
at dipsruisine her penmanship. She I
identified a letter which she had vrrit- j
ten her husband on April 1. couched j
in endearing terms, and it xvas Intro- |
duced as showing the relations be- i
tween them.
HEXATIONS WITH LERVY.
Mrs. Martha K. Bower* was on the [
vntn^ss Ftnnd in Judge Cook's court ,
Dearly all day yesierday, testifying in
her own behalf at her trial on a ,
charge that she murdered her bus
band; Martin I,. Bowers, -by admin-!
isteringr poison to him. She answered i
all questions readily, and, although i
subjected to a rigorous eross-examina- i
lion by District Attorney Byington, she ',
remained cool and did not contradict
herself except as lo a fe*v immaterial ;
points. At one time, vrhen being ques- j
tioned by Attorney Frank G. Drury j
as to statements made by her in Chief ;
Wittman's office, she referred to the
District Attorney as a 'fresh puy." I
Rev. James AVooilworth, Strick
en Down, to Be Recipient of
Testimonial of High Esteem
ed Symptoms of Tuberculosis
Physicians for the Defense
Testify That Deceased Show-
LIVES ANSWERS READILY
Concludes Her Testimony at !
Her Trial on Charge of Hav- :
ing- Murdered Hor Husband!
SYMPATHY FOR COLLEAGUE
Rev. William R.ider. Discusses
Evolution of the Holy "Book
Before Coiii^egationa! Body
MARTHA BOWERS
MAKES DENIALS
BIBLE SUBJECT
OF DISCOURSE
Vocal er>\ot, "Birds in the High Ball Gar
den " "Thy Deamingr Eyes" and "Weepin*
for'Tou." MSf* Kuth Lecne Hoyt: vocal solos.
••Kigh Mv Lute." '"In the Woods" and
••fi-.veetheart." Mrs. Grecnleaf Kruger: vocal
polr* "My Ilarlins Was So Fair," "Songs My
MoTlie:- Taucht Me" and "The Secret," Ml«
r.r!,ecci\ Dctvalle; accompanist, Mrs. AY. J.
lialchelder.
The programme was arranged by
Mrs. J. J. Donnelly.
The Daughters of the California Pio
neers held their social day yesterday
and it proved to be a feast of songs.
Mrs. Marriner Campbell gave a de
lightful talk on "What I Heard and
Saw in the Studios of Paris."
After the address the following pro
gramme was rendered in fine fashion:
Th» Committee on the Naval Club
house will meet at the Hotel Richelieu
to-day at 2 o'clock.
To-day a meeting will be held of the
Albert Sidney Johnston Chapter, U. D.
C, at the residence of Mrs. Shorb, 2501
Gough street.
To-morrow will be a day of lunch
eons—Mrs. Ritchie Dunn's at the Uni
versity Club, Mrs. M. KIrkpatrIck at
the Palace and Miss Linda Cadwalla
der's to Miss Drown, the •bride-to-be.
• • •
Mrs. Eugene Lent will give a lunch
eon to-day to Miss Gertrude Dutton. •
The ceremony will be In the nature
of a private affair, the young people
departing on the 11 o'clock overland for
the East.
To-night at 9 o'clock the wedding of
Miss Birne Terry and Frank Allen West
will take place at St. John's Cbufch,
Stockton.
Miss Katherine Herrin and Miss Ha
zel King will go up to-day to officiate
as bridesmaids. Mrs. Eugene Wilhoit
will serve a.~ matron of honor, with
Miss Kelcey Patterson as maid of
honor.
Yesterday was "hotel day" for call
ing. At the St. Dunstan Mrs. A. B. Cos
tigan. Mrs. Garret Livingston Lansing
and Mrs. William J. Landers received
their friends in charming marner.
At the Granada Mrs. William Mitz
ner and Mrs. Tewksbury were "at
horae."
At '.he Pella Vista Mrs. Sidney M.
Van "Wyok Jr. received.
Miss Selfridge is to wed Lieutenant
Frederic G. Kellond, U. S. A., and Mi?s
Donaldson George Chase of Oakland,
and two pretty fiancees they surely
are.
The following made up the receiving
party:
Miss Treanor. Miss Selfridge. Mi«» Donald
r.oa. Mrs. Allen (Thickering. Mrs. Adolph
Oraupner. Miss Gertrude Jolliffe. Miss Ruth
Foster, Miss Eleanor Kckart. Miss Kdlth Cut
tpr. Miss Jane Wi'.-hlre. Mirs BeEste Mills.
Mi?s Mattie Milton, Miss ENie Ucrr and Miss
Florence Cole. «
Miss Alice Treanor made a charming
hostess yesterday afternoon, when she
gave a tea at her home on Pacific Rve
nue in honor of two brides-to-be. Miss"
Mabel Donaldson and Miss Katherine
Selfridge.
The home was attractively decorated
with greenery and red roses, forming
a pretty background for the receiving
pprty.
The foremost function of last night—
and what night is not laden now with
functions — was the Huntington ball
given at the Jackson-street home in
hor.or of the pretty debutante, Miss
Helen Bailey.
Mrs. H. E. Huntington and her
daughters. Miss Elizabeth and Miss
Marion, received the sixty and more
guests with a charm that has charac
terized all the social affairs given by
them during the season.
The ballroom had been garlanded
gladly for the gay affair, and the young
folk voted it a merry dance.
The bride wore a gown of shimmor- )
ing white satin trimmed with point ap- j
pllque lace and was enveloped in the j
soft folds of a tulle veil. Her shower |
bouquet was )made up of phresias. S : vi \
was attended by her cousin. Miss Katli- j
erine llixford, wl^o wore a handsome j
gown at white peau de ' soie. Yellow ;
jonquils were the blossoms she chose to I
cany, adding a dainty touch o* eclorj
to the bridal group. Covingrton Pri:i- |
Kie. Mr. Johnson's nephew, served as j
best man. i
Mrs. Johnson has won far heMu'f a |
distinction among the artist folk of j
San Francisco, having attained sue- j
cess as a student at the Mark Hop- j
kins Institute and latterly in E«iro;>e. j
where she worked in the ate'.iers of j
"Whistler and other clever men. !
Mr.. Johnson, though for many years
a Californian, has a predilection, tor
Eurepean sights and scenes, and will
Journey thither with his bride *-ariy
in March. This wedding trip will In
clude a three weeks' visit to the south
land.
The wedding was strictly a family
affair, the following witnessing the in
teresting ceremony:
Mr?. L. T. Rixfcrd. Mr. and Mrs. E. H.
rtixJord. A. T. Rixford, II. L. Rixford. Miss;
Katharine Rlxford, Mrs. J. J. Mezes, Mrs. C. j
M Wynne. Masters Phil and Sidney Wynne, j
Mrs. C. I'ringle. the Misses Pringle. Sidney j
Pringle. K. Covington Prir.gle, Mr. and Mrs.
W. U. Prinsle, Mrc C. White, the Misses
"White. Mrs. F. AYhite. Mr. and Mrs. A. F.
Baker, the Mlssex Baker, Dr. W. Baker, Mr.
and Mrs. Alex Swnn, Dr. and Mrs. Emmet i
Rixford, Miss Mary Rixford. Master Henry |
Rixfcrd.. Francis Avery. Mr. and Mrs. H. C. |
Campbell. Miss Cornelia Campbell, Miss i
France* Reed. Mrs. W. \V. SerReant, Miss Uu- |
geia. Miss Linda Dugela. Mrs. A. McGhee. I
Mrs. Henry Holmes. Mrs. Loring Pickering.
MIfs Cr&udace. Master I>orins Pickering. Mr.
and Mrr. D. P. Rixford. Loring Rixford, Mi?s
Fay Breneman, Bishop Xlehols. Rev. W. Max
well Reilly. Mrs. Nichols and Mrs. Reilly.
BY SAIiLllv SHAIIP.
A wedding of much interest took
place yesterday afternocn, when Miss
Caroline llixford became the bride of
Covinsrton Johnson, the well known
clubman.
The ceremony was performed at the
borne of the bride by the Risht Rev.
Bishop Nichols, assisted by the Rev.
Mr. Maxwell, Rcilly. A bridal bower
had been tastefully wrought with
greenery and palms, and it was here
that the happy pair plighted their troth.
CLEVER ARTIST
WEDDED TO WELL
KNOWN CLUBMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCOyCALi:, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1904.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVE_TIS£M_NT8.
A. B. SMITH CO.
KzceUent Trunk, durably made, with all
heavy brass trimmings, two extra trays,
double »trapp«?d. and an extra valu« at
$9.50. We hav* specially reduced th«
price to \.*G.OO
Dins Suit Case of fine sole leather, hand.
some in appearance, welt made and
durable, worth much more.* but we offer
• It for »6.OO
128-132 Ellis Street. Above Powell,
San 'Francisco. ¦
Trunks Md Travellnc Outfits.
Trunk and Suit Case — Special Offer.
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's ; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap ? Im-
perfectly made; the "fat
and alk§li not well bal-.
anced or not combined.
What is good soap ?
Pears*.-
Sold all over ths world.
** Six bottles brought nie health, and
—as — orth more thin months under
the doctor's care, Trhich really did not
l>enefit me at alL I am satis3ed there
is no medicine bo pood, for siclc —orach
as your Vegetable Compound, and J.
cdrocate it to my lady friends in need
cf medical help." — __£ B- A. Blax-
chahd. 422 Broad St.. Nashville. Tenn.
— 95000 forfeit if oritfnzl ?f ctw tetter prouitf
ftmlnentu csnnst te pniucei.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FATTOSIEX'S. j ' PATT6si_>' ; S^ I FATTOSIEX'S; .-" I PATTOSIE X'S.
PS&f __ BtF' • MBBmZ't'.sz*--', tBS __5_r * * v*Sk -o!^^ ____•? ____7 * _B_5v _#_E MS n^&__ __8?f
" GREAT ,¦¦
CARPETS, FURNITURE, LACE CURTAINS, DRAPERIES AND STOVES
... More for Your Money and Better Values Than Ever Before...
Enameled Bed «-^»»«=*>^ Iron Bed 9- - fl /-¦ ff Pretty and Strong
5 feet high, heavy S^^j^^^^^V^eJ | Clearance leag 8 "^ u t? n ® 1 1 rr 7 ffi
brass trimmings. j | = _^W^^ 9 ___: Hundreds of designs which 1 i - ; "" IJSL I^^Jn^^CuE-
i v^&y — \i^^"~4r*«LlL -^-^^"^T^""^ $4-5° I ron Beds, now at ..$3.45 ' = "T T>" V-b 3
r?Mw&v *// \ (itf^Mti w*v\ " X />fj ' ST3.00 Iron Beds, now at. .$9.75 with strong ,1
(^^M^^^^mi^t- y/ J^*% -S35.00 Iron Bed $26 00 Metal Crib ~i™^W^
V vSPirC 1 ¦T^ : - 2 $II5.OO BraSS Bed $82.50 knobs — vertical drop ¦ ftn __
j i ' i' i i jlT \ v^lx^V.. •> c-r- /i« "Don^r. T>«,1 • #c« «r sides — sells downtown * Sill M
£^' Worth A ft A nil Brass Bed $56.25 for 518.00. $11. /O
vf $15.00 JkH yjlfv MATTRESSES MND SPRINGS
Now vWIWU Wire Mattress ,$4.0O Best Silver Gray Hair Mattress... .?16.OO
NOTE-AH our Mattresses are made in our own | 3 2 J° 5T^{SS§Mi^^CS5 Hair Mattress 9 i^
factory and are absolutely guaranteed. $25.00 Hair Mattress •. 920.0O Best Silk Floss Mattress ?».00
J & $22.50 Best White Hair Mattress. ..$17.50 Combination Cotton Mattress $4.oO
pfgj-l THE BEST CARPET HOUSE IN TOWN mSr^W
jglr * M An^ vvhen we say best we mean the best place— the most rft 'M!?' /Wtl
mBS-*" " '-_J9 reasonable place to get any Carpet that is on the market. /-,'M- WX'\
£?1K Axminsters— -Lovely new patterns, Wilton Velvets — A superb product I • I , Jfy' 'WL ¦ ,1
m 0£& 1t[3L n standard manufacture, strikingly pret- of characteristic beauty and elegance; ff' n / 'fi' i/li 1
l/fL-Jki ty co!oring; rc i? ular Price tf»1 f\f\ a lasting wearer; regular price QC« '/j 1 : U A' /' m \
'kWua » f/ JlH Superior Axminsters— 2700 yards; Body Brussels — In this renowned V^^_r" -^¦•l^T" A?-*J
»viUll» _ AfsSfi JUSt lrOm thc mi ! ls = in colors and pat- floor covering our immense fall pur- V_l^->s= ___!^ - -^^-^
1MIWA» « & iLWm tcrns most exquisite; regu- <T-j *%r\ chase enables us to show a most care- «__=____>
lar price $1.50, now 4Jl._V fully -chosen stock; regular ff-J 7A Hall Mirror to match seat pic-
)$2P&*S^^W& /i Brussels-A choice of thc many $1.65 goods, now .pl.OU tured below Is made of finest
(^B^TJrr^TO^pm /I patterns is the most perplexing thing Ingrains— Thc heaviest made: pure , hni?hc J, 1 »"
i • - ft y#TI \li for >' ou in buying this extra quality wool; close weave and in a variety of 'if H « I v #L«
W _-««^K__B 3JB floor covering; regular price nV- new fall and winter patterns; Z.C_ °f k / H ." finc . trench «Q 25
B^^^^^^^m- 9OC, now 4DC regular price 90c now. ODC P !ate mirror ' 1CC $O.C3
Rocker w ucKMAN AXMINSTER RUOS h JJICOn '^
Jff:J"l'Jr^X^k We have received ths first shipment Wf ftfjV^jlJl'
$8.00, now $O.7V °f Royal German Axminster Rugs, k 1 tj^--iri_r^-_^^l ¦
Som°c ck wlt s h emb C ossedicafherc C o C b- 1 liliii Exact C0 P ies of Oriental Rugs [^^^Z^_'_~__~^ -j
bier seats, others with massive pol- H|^^^^^$^^ at One-tenth the price. Size «ti^A np N - : ; :^"_E^ "-^-1^^^% ' : 'f
Former Price Sale Price. 9x12 feet *$\.LflD i"*^ji^ "^
sioo RockS now It! '.'.'.'.". jp_'.2r» Installment houses tax you $18.00 for l\if| _ '$\}<j
oO.^O ivOCKCr5 now... Si* • • • • • *P •*-* . . .¦ , \ 1 I •!
$9.25 Rockers now at.. ....96.03 _____B____— _____ £y
—————— —¦ ——————— -—-———— mmmmmmm _ _ _ _i __________» This very handsome Hall Seat
_._, : II ' |W *WM\ " Bnrv . '5 rnade *of finest quartered sawed
>5^T ? ' 1 _ W -W\ •• T|i| ¥_^<7¥ifh\T T^f T¥_\T¥1^¥TrH^ oak - II is finished in eithej-folden
T - ¦ __^g^ " MISSION FURNITURE K:|kSg|?^
I tiwl §\f\' wi Besides manufacturing FINE UPHOL- /^?\^P^\
1 1 Inl/ li n ' III STERED FURNITURE for the PARLOR, \\ V
' l/3^^_S_l J^^^^Wl LIBRARY, HALL and DINING-ROOM, (La
jjb"^ lLL) iSaVb pvt pv /vii^^kioivr DiP^r^pc // *
. This beautiful and odd Extension Table is of —^ . . % c • u _ • i_ 1 L ' X - j "f '.g.'V_s. s^^- _.
thc Mission design. It is four feet in diameter and Original. bpaniSh designs, Upholstered ,4^^^ J^^x
can be extended to eight feet. This table is mas- , r» • i_ 1 n_ t_ it t • 1 /, 'V^ — ..¦..,. ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - v.
sfvciy made of finest quartered sawed oak and a in heavy Spanish leather or bullshide— j: f^ - v ,,. -
product of our own Mission Furniture Factory. u,,iif +^ l O cf o ranfnrw _l „_> li ' J
Downtown price, ? 4 5-oo. Our price is tf *$ PA DUllt tO last a CefltUry. p I f, ±
now • ....... *p*/_»_»V ___ _____ __ ___^_ - _______,_ M ____ - _____ > ______ ii __ i __ ;• ?5 1 Si
PAXTOSIEpN CO. ]3jM
Cor. 1 6th and Mission Streets \v!^^ 1))
- • ¦ • ¦ ' • . ¦ • - % Dresser §
I Highly polished, finest brass
¦ _____ __ — ., , price $25.00. special... »plf»Dv/
A prominent Southern lady,*
Mrs. Blanchard, of Nashville,
Term., tells bow she was cured
of backache, dizziness, painful
and irregular periods by the use
cf Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound. V
"'Dear Mns. Pttkham: — Gratitude
compels me to acknowledge the great
merit of your Vegetable Compound. I
hare Buffered for four years with ir-
regular and painful menstruation, also
dizziness, pa-ins in the back and lovrer
limbs, and fitful deep. I dreaded the
time to come Trhich vrculd only mean
suffering' to me.
" Better health is all I wanted, and
cure if possible. _ydia E. Pink-
liam's Vegetable Compound
brought me health and happiness in
a few short months. I feel like another
person now. My aches and pains have-
left me. Life seeps new and 6weet to
me, and everything seems pleasant
and easy-•ABERDEEN— Arrived Jan. I^Tuk Daunt
less, hence Jan. 15.
; OCEAN STEAMERS. ,
MONDAY, January IS.
Steamer Rival. McClementi, 110 hours fiom
Wlllapa Harbor.
Late Shipping. Intelligence.
ARRIVED
William Ballhaus, a boy, was run
over by a hack driven by B. Murphy
on the Mission road yesterday.' The
boy • 'was considerably bruised, up.
Murphy surrendered himself to the
authorities and was booked on -a
charge of battery. .
Boy Knocked Down by a Hack.
John .Silverthorn, while pruning
tree at Nineteenth street and Lexing
ton avenue yesterday, lost his balance
and fell .to the ground, ardista'nee of
twenty-five .feet. I Ho struck on his
head; fracturing: his skull. - There is
but little hope of his recovery.
Skull Fractured by Fall.
The Mist. 2, by Magnet-Ttnebrae. $2300.
H. Hammond; T. /J. Cox. 3. by Libertine-
Grace S. $550, J. C. Murray; Impromptu, a.,
by Creseendo-Amlda. J225 J. \V. Talnter;
8t. • Wlnlfrldc, 4. by St. Carlo-Santa Crux,
$1100. J. W. Painter: Wolhurst. a., by.Ven
tllator-Nutbrown. $450. D. Anthony; Glenden
nlnt. 6. by St. Carlo- Glenll vet. $1550 H.
Hammond: Roee Farr; 3. by Crlghton- Sevens.
$525. F. G. Reynolds: F. B. Shaw, 3 • by
Magnet-Viola. $4000. W. Fisher; Wiggins,-; 3.
by Sam Lucas-Callatine, $029, McAllister &
Co.; The Fog. 4. by Magnet-Tenebrae, $2500}
"Boots" Dumtll. .,
The Occidental Horse Exchange was
crowded with turfmen last night at
the sale of horses recently raced by
W. B. Sink Jr. "Silver Bill" Rellly
filled the auctioneer's stand and the
ten head sold realized 514,125. The
star of the lot was F. E. Shaw, which
was finally knocked down to "Butch"
Fisher for $4000' after some spirited
bidding.
Following are the prices obtained:
PB0BABLX2 WINNERS.
First race —Mt. KcOresror U, lady
Kent, Tort "Wayne. .
Second' race —Quaker Girl, Scherzo.
Coroner Kelly. . . . ¦>
Third race —Quiz XX, Prestano. Fare
Dale. ' \{y- t ' ¦';.;,
Fourth, race —Mr. Single, ! Silurian,
Pat Morrissey.
Fifth race —Xtoclcaway, Wa*wift. Mil
dred Schultz. ' .
Sixth race—Ben MacDhui, Harry
Thatcher, Avenrer. •• '
. ?¦.;¦¦ —.•"¦'•(.¦..
Sink Snlc of Thoroughbreds.
The examiners appointed by the
Civil Service Commission to pass on
the physical condition of the appli
cants for the position of patrolman on
the nolice force will hold an exam
ination of the eyes .ind ears of the
applicants to-nisht at the Hall of Jus
tice. At the examination held last
¦week there wero sixty-?ix applicants
that could not appear on account of
having to work. For their benefit an
extra examination will be held next
Friday night at 7:30 in^ttoe rooms of
the Police Commission.
I 'xunii nation for I'olicctncn.
Baseball in {lie Northwest.
EUTTE. Mont.. Jan. 18. — At a meet-
Ing to-day of the baseball officials of
the Xcrtnwestrrn League it was for
mally decided to embrace in the league
'he oitie? of Butte, Salt I,ake. Spokane
s>nd O^den. The season will open
Apri! 26 and run f.\? month?.
• Catherine Leo, who claims to be a
former resident of this city, Was taken
into custody at the Oakland mole yes
terday by Railroad Detective Frank
Stafford and later turned 'over to the
local authorities at the Detention Hos
pital. : *?.&*;
The woman was a passenger on the
overland yesterday and began to show
symtoms of insanity shortly before
Oakland was reached. —
• She talked in a Yambling • way
•and said that she was searching for a
brother who is employed as a cigar
maker in this city. A railroad ticket
found on her showed that she had em
barked on her westward jpurney at
Kalamazoo, Mich., and her purse con
tained $100 in gold which was turned
over by the railroad officials to the hos
pital authorities.
A telegram .from Ogden last evening
stated that Catherine Leo created, a
sensation on the Union Pacific train
Sunday morning: by her insane actions,
during: which she attempted to .disrobe,
and was only prevented In carrying out
her plan by fellow passengers.
Catlierinc T^eo Startles Passengers and
Is Taken Into Custody by the
Authorities.
BECOMES IXSAXE OX
AN OVERLAXD TRAIX
Sixth race— One mile and fifty yards; three
year-olds and uo; selling. ,,
r>713'AvenRipr (Schorr) ...i. : 89
Flaneur (McCafferty) ..106
.'.755 •Hen Ma^Dhul (Ryan) :....1O4
• r >l«5 »The Frcttcr (O'Rourlte). .'. ..104
M0S •Bill Mass!* (McAlester) '...1. 101
5754 Harry Thatcher (Mrs. Hastings).. ;..10«
"^prentice allowance.
Fifthirace— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up: handicap.
.77(2 Play Ball (Daly) J>0
(55S0) Mildred, Schultz (Wilson).. .104
5741 Rockaway (Burns & Waterhouse) 101
<. r >743) Xigrette (Jennings & Co.) 100
Waswift (Yeager) ..113
T.73S »Teufel (Magrane) 112
4079 Quiz II tMcCafferty) 117
Fourth race— One mile and seventy yards;
four-year-olds, and up: selling.
6704 Pat Morrissey tWellman) 107
.1740 Hellas (Creely) .....102
fi«K> 'Emily Oliver (Clark) »0
5T54 Antolee (McCafTerty). 101
4542 Elmer L (Burns) 106
5707 *l O U (Chappelle) , 102
.W.4 Prince Blazea (Shannon^...... 107
rfi302 "Mr. Dingle (Judge)..... 9U
T.7C2 •Isabelllta (McNamara) 01
5718 Billy Moore <Rector): '. .10.T
r»704 *Achil'<=F <\£cC?abe & Co.) 105
572!) 'Silurian (Lamcsney Bros.) 100
.SACRAMENTO. Jan. 18. — Mayor
Harsett to-night signed the new ordi
nance prohibiting the selling of pool3
within the city limits of Sacramento
except on races at Agricultural Park,
such as State fair races and such
other nccs at the park as may be al
lowed hv tlie authorities.
Prohibition Asaiust I*oolselllna.
lVil\(> Shot Record llrokrn
DENVER. Jan. IS. — D. W. King Jr..
president of the Colorado Stato Rifle
Association, has made a, world's rec
ord. Bcorins I* 1 7 point? in 3 00 consecu
tive Fhots with the rifle at the grounds
of the Denver Rifle Club. The pre
vious record. 908 points, made by Col
onel H. Pope, had s>tood for a long
time.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. IS— Crescent City
ftimmary:
First race, fix furlonps — Floral King won,
M*d Mullah eccond. Dusky third. Time,
1:12 4-5.
Second raif, six ar<J a half furlongs —
Kronterac won. Pepper second. Russell Garth
thtrrt. Timf. 1 :2l>.
Third racp. celling. one mile — Louisville
»on. MeiM*rMnc'r second, He.rnota third.
Time. 1 :41 4-5.
Fonrtb rare, seven fr.rlongs. handicap—
rootlights "" Favorite won. Foresight second,
Ealph Young third. Time. 1:27 5-5.
Fifth rarf. ore mile and a sixteenth — Bar
kelrarre won. Frf-e Admission second. F^lix
B»r3 tl-ird. Tim»-. 1 :4«.
SiBtfe rarf. one mll»» and iiiwjty yar«l* —
Ber*ie Mn'arthy won. Eourke fockran second,
barilla third. T:rre. 1:403-5.
Rac-es at Xnv Orleans.
OAKLAND BACKTRACK, MONDAY, Jan. 18. — Weather cloudy. Track muddy.
57«it. FIRST RA£E— Seven furlongs; gelling; 3-year-olds; value to first. ?325.
lndex| Horse and Owner. IWt St. V*. • li- K- Str. Fin. Jockey. OP- Cl.
r.7.'.2 Icelebrant (Hamilton Stable).. 117 4 2 1&3 2 2 2 1 /i2 3 1 ns H. Spencer. « »
6727 Dungannon (Knebelkamp) 107 2 1 h 1 Vi 1 1^41 2 5 Foley *« •»--
S74:i Coroner Kelly (Bender & Co.) 112 1 5 4 2 h-M % 3 2 :* 4 Ollphant ... * '•>•-
S7.-K) Instrument (J. McAllister). .. 112 7 4 ij 4 'i 4 J^ 4 ft 4 « ]Larsen 1« ™
(S7.13) Tlie Cure (W Fisher) 112 8 8 (f 0 2 5 1%5 6 fi h Kunz 8-5 11-j
f»ft!5 Play Dall (M* J. Daly) 112 :$ 6 2 7 h S (i 4 I! « J. Daly..... 20 in
5739 Northwest (Clifford & Co.)... 1C2 8 7 2^S 7 Vi " «. 7 4 |\V. Coleman 15 J5
8331 IRuvia (Garden City Stable). . 1 103 « 3 n 5<-ll Vi 8 8 |H. Wilson.. 20 100
5CJ4 JDorlce (B. Schrelber) |112 !t 9 Fulled up IBurns • "
571* JDoris CH. L. Jones) |107| Left , ... |C. Kelly ... 50 100
Time — :24V4 50, 1:16?4 1:30. At post 2 minute?. Off at 2:1«. Celebrant, place, 7-2; show,
8-3. Diingrannon place, 2- show. 1. Kelly, show. 4-5. Winner, ch. c. by Bathampton- •
Ava Marie Trained by J. Given*. Scratched— Mendota. Harka, Start bad. Won in a
hard drive' of two. Third eaaWy. Spencer rode a pretty race on winner, caught Foley
In an overconfident' mood ami got the decision. At the start Doris swerved, making a
mess of thing*. Kunz oil the The Cure beat the gate and then pulled up. Coroner
Kelly late. Instrument showed some improvement.
f»T0.1. SECOND R"ACE— Three and a half furlongs; selling: 2-year-o!ds; value to first. $£23.
.Index | Horse and Owner. Wt St. U . V*. ?i . Str. Kin. | Jockey, j Op. Cl.
r.fi!U !Meada (P.ianchi & Co.) 110 5 4 Vi 1 IVil 2'i See 9-2 »-2
(r>715)!Marle J (M. Jones) 11212 •. 2 Vj 2 n 2n J. Daly 2 8-5
r,7ir. Arisbe (Napa Stock Farm) 100! 4 II h 3 h 3 l'.6U. Mariin. .. 4 11-2
E68I Ragamanda. <B. Pchrelber) 100| 3 1 !4 4 5 4 5 Burns 4 9-2
GG)1 iDel Carina (R. A. Smith) 102 1 7 n H 2 5 »i Larsen 12 25
.... Eduardo (B & W.) 112 8 ... ... 5 2 7 8 «2 Bell 20 30
CCSU Steol Wire (H. Stover) 101 0 ... ... .S3 8 10 7 4 Kunz 12 15
0CU1 il.eah (A. R Lynch) 100 «i •> lVi5 1 8 15 Foley 30 100
! E*cobofa (Stewart & Co.) 107 10 0.4 • fl 15 0 20 W. Daly... 20 100
i iMiPs Tonopah (Washoe Stable) 112 7 10 10 10 |Haack ..... 15 100
jTarcooia Belle (San Joaq. Sa.) 112111 Pulled up ... |C. Kelly.... 30 30
Time — :24. :42ii. At post 5 minutes. Off at 2:47. Meada. place. 2; show. 4-5. Marie,
place 7-10; show. 2-0. Arisbe. show, 1. Winner, blk. f. by Figaro- Afamada. Trained
by O. A. Bianchl. Scratched— Ben Eric. Start good. Won easily. Next two driving
hard. Winner nicely rated and best. Marie J struck herself, pulling up lame. Arisbe
ran gamely. Ragamanda gave it up. Eduardo will Improve.
5704. THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs; sefllng; 3-year-olds and up; to first. ?325.
Index | Horse and Owner. Wt St. y* . \±~. %..' Str. Fin. Jockey. Op^ CU
57ai Ananias 3 (J. F. Schorr).... 02 3 ... 5 2 4 *; 3 IVil 2 Hildebrand 1-2 3-5
• r .«58 Creedmore. 4 {McCowan) 9« 5 ... 2]ial3 1 2>£2 C. Smith... CO 15
571« Goddess of Night. 0 (Parks).. 100 1 ... 1 h 2 1^2 n^Q Kuni 4 lfi-5
571» Gondolu?. 4 (L. Jeuness) 96 6 ... 4 2 3 1^4 ' V* 4 1 Ollphant ... 60 100
4755 S. Lazarus Esq.. a (F. Stoer) 110 2 ... «5 5 3 5 4 5 20 J. Martin... "IB «0
Acoma. a (Truett & Co.) 105 7 ... 7 7 0 10 tt 20 IBell ..; 30 '150
(5505)1 A twood. 3 (Hemingray) 94 4 ... :t h 0 6 7 7 |J. Jones 4 -9-2
Time — :24«i. :51%, 1:10. At post 0 minutes. Oft at 3:15. Ananias, place, 1-4; show. out.
Creedmore, place. B; show, 2. Goddess, show. out. Winner, ch. c. by Ocean View-
Veracious. Trained by J. P. Schorr. Scratched— Double Six. Alta Peggy. Letola,
Louis Wagner. Start good. Won easily. Next two driving. Winner bid up from
5000 to $1000 by W. H. McNames and F. W Doss; retained. Hildebrand was over
confident with favorite the first part and had to hustle him along In the stretch.
Creedmore is quite a. "mudder." Goddess of Night ran her race. Atwood threw his
rider in a false breakaway and ran the distance at full speed.
5765. FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth mile3; spiling;; 4-year-olds & up; to flnst,' $325.
Index | Horse and Owner. Wt St. U . u^[ %. str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op! cT.
6047 Modicum 4 (Fountain) 9fi 2 2 1 1 Vi 1 2 1 3 1 SUIKunz ...:.. 7-2 16-5
5447 Horton. a (Bianchl & Co.) 108 1 6 h « tf 6 1>$4 1^2 5 j.l. Martin... 8-5 2
6728 Chickadee 5 (McCafferty) 99 5 11 2 1^2h 2 lfcS 2H Hildebrand 5 9-2
5707 Illilouon. 6 (W. D. Randall).. 102 4 4 2 4 h (i 3 6 0 4 *i I^arsen \ 0 10
55»9 Diderot. 0 (J. P. Atkin) 106 0 5 U, !t 1^4 2^3 Vt 5 2*4 Oliphant ... .5 8
(.VWSVLast Knight. 5 (Lamasney).. 107 3 3 2 3 1V»3 h 5 2 fl 12 IFoley 9-2 10
572« iDonator. a (C. Mulholland). . . 101 7 7 7 ' 7 7 7 ' ISherwood ..| 30 ICQ
Time— :25. :49*;. 1:17. 1:42»4. 1:4914. At post Vi minute. Oft at 3:38. Modicum, place, 6-5;
show. '3-5. Horton, place. 1; Bhow, 2-5. Chickadee, show, 3-5. Winner, b. h. by St.
Gatie'n-Moderaclo. Trained by D. S. Fountain. Scratched — Optimo. Rey Dare. Start
Kood. Won under wraps. Next two driving. Modicum splashed' in under half sail.
Horton was poorly ridden. Chickadee did well, but was outclassed. Diderot, almost
left at (he post, ran an excellent race. Last Knight was not ready for business. Some
other night. *_
57G<$. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index} Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. U • %• ?*• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(571ft) 'Col. Van. 0 (D. S. Fountain) 104 2 ... 5h Bl 3 1V}1 2V6 Hildebrand 3 2
(fiU&SWMatt Hogan. a (Magrane). . . . 104 6 ... «2 5n 1 n ¦ 2 n ,. Larsen 5-2 1S-5
5494 ILansdowne 4 (Fitzgerald).... 9S 1 ;.'. 2 n T n 2 h 8 *4- Roach '...:. 4 . 7-2.
M94 jRsevrs 4 (Lamasney Bros.).. 10* 7 ... 7 7 4 u, 4 3 . Foley ..... 8 10
(.'i716)|Nullah a (G. S. McKensle). . 102 4 ... 3h 4 h «2 5« Kunz 12 20
(5C0S) 'Bay Wonder, 4 (Newman) 103 5 ... 4 I',i3 %~ «4 lOliphant ...| 4 8
|Sub. Queen, 4 (Winter Co.).. 106| 3 ... 1 h 2 >4 5 1 7 |Uurns .,...) 10 16
Time— :247i. :49, 1:15*;: At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:W. Van, place. -9-10; show. 2-5.
1 Hogsn place 1; show. 1-2. Lansdowne, show. 2-5. Winner, ch. g. by Gllead-Kitty R.
Trained by D. S. Fountain. Scratched — Jane Holly. Rollick. Stllicho. Silent Water.
Alice Carey Start good. Won easily. Second ridden out. Third driving. Hildebrand
on winner avoided th»» parly pace, was fortunate to get through and then found It easy.
Matt Hogan stumbled at the start. Lansdowne did hl« best. Keeves can do better. Bay-
Wonder, it fs claimed, is not a mud horee. He did run some, though. Queen had
f-peed to the stretch.
S7G7. SIXTH RACE — One mile and icventy yards; purse; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $32,".
Index] Horse and O'-ner. IWtlSt. Vi . Vj. • •% . Str. Fin. Jockey, j Op. Cl.
r.7*\"i iKenllworth C (H. Ptovor) 1117] 2 1 S%1 1'41 1 1 l'jl h See .1 I4-R
ivnn ISoothsayer. 4 (lamasney) 11021 4.33 il h 34 34 2 2'4 Larsen B 7
C753 iDaisy Green 4 (Follansbse) . .|100| 1 2 l'4:t 5 2 h 2 2%3 8- iHildebrand 4-5 4-5
(¦ViS2)lNamtor. 5 (F. Reagan) |110j 3 4 4 4 4 4 IWonderly ..3 7
Time— :2I',£ :iO\\ 1:15*4: 1:42U. 1 :4OV4- At post 1 minute. Off at 4:27. Kenilworth,
place 7-10: show. out. Soothsayer, place. 2; show. out. Green, show, out. Winner,
br. h. by Sir Modred-Queen Bess. Trained by H. Stover. Scratched — Joe Lesser, Gold
Money*. Stait good. Won In a hard drive of three. Kenilworth" had plenty of speed.
Datsy Green tired chasing him. Soothsayer was let down to-day. Namtor could do
no good in the going.
Sixth race, eeven futionr*. Felling — Evar
der. 107 (Buxtor.). 7 to 2. won; Anirad. 88 (J.
LewiM. ft to 2. yerond; Taxrr.an, 115 (Robert
son), H to 1. third. Time. 1 ::!0. Sallie Good
win. Dolly Weiihoff. Paddy B and Toto Graiiot
¦I50 ran.
Fifth race, one mil*, tilling— The Gol.1
fln^pr. 1<>1 <E. 'WalFh). 11 to 2. won: Rag TaR.
JO4 <J. Booker). 4» to 1(». F*eond : Fortunatii*.
J02 <n--dfom), 6 to S, third. Time. 1:42%.
Labor end T)r. Pbr.rb also ran.
Fourth race, fiv* furlong*, fwllinc — Beautiful
«r.d IJf«. 11« <Re<».f«>m». 3 to 1. won: St«»m-
116 (J. linland). 4 to 0, second: Fus
tian. 313 (Fletcher!.. C to 1, third. Timf.
1:0211. Sceptre. Miire«a, Almoner and ("ard
w*llton also ran.
Second racf. S'auyon course, pellinir — Hua-
J><J«. 1*7 iK. \Vali-h>. 7 to 2. won: Quest. SO (J.
Hooker). 2 to 1. second; Fox Lake. 105 <J.
I^e»li=). 7 to 2. third. Time, 1:13. CK-yrohe.
Halite Beach. Columbia Girl, l^dy l>k. Eva
D. .Irrry Flanagnn and Nora al*o ran.
Third race, one mile and seventy yard*, sell
!iU5—Lunar. OS (E. Walsh). 9 to 10. won:
•JinplT, j(,5 tFlctch^r). 10 to 1, second:
Schtvanwald, 100 (Bookert. 5 to 1, third.
TJme. 1 :4S. ring. flm. Frofltabie, Goldor.e
aril Flourish also ran.
First rare, fivi- furloncs. se!!lnc — Nona B.
US iJ. Boiar.d). .1 to 1. won: Aer.r-s Maok. luii
IL. Hooker). :. to 2. second: Nellie May, 110(J.
I/»»i*l, 7 to 1. third. Time. l:<«t,. Mariel.
p'l Vista. NV!1 Holton, Heaforth, Estado, Tio
iefs and Kducate alfo ran.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 18.— The riding
of E. Walsh, who piloted three win
ners, and three close finishes were the
features of to-day's racing at Ascot.
One favorite, four second choices and
the third choice earned winning brack
ets. The hardest knock the talent got
ivas in the fourth race, which The Go!d
f.nder won from Rag Tag, the odds-on
favorite. The track was a trille slow
after last night's rain ana the attend
ance was -100.
Nona B. at 3 to 1, was the first win
ner of the dav. coming home in front
of the favorite, Agnes Mack; Nellie
May third. Quest was favorite for the
pecend rac?, but lost to Kuapala. Fox
I p.ke third. Lunar was much the best
tu' the field in the third and won from
Jincler. with Schwarzw.ild third.
The fourth was a good race between
Btautiful and Best, Stem Winder and
Fustian. They finished in that order,
the first iwo running heads apart down
the stretch. Ptem Winder was a warm
favorite.
The fifth race saw the defeat of an
other favorite when The Goldfinder
v.un from Rag Tag by ti narrow mar
pin. Fortunatus, the second choice,
third.
Evander took the sixth race in handv
Etyle from Anirad. Taxman got tri/
fhow. Sallie (ioodwin, the favorite,
blew up in the stretch. Results:
Thltd raco— Futurity course; 4-ycar-olds and
17]>: celling:
CC4I Wyoming (Corry) 112
f>414 fir Torn Tiddler (Daly) IIS
r.7-10 'Pure Dale (Thomas & Reavey) Ill
5740 MoUder (FSuckholtz & Co.) 117
.'.754 Ilyronerdalo (Crano) 108
571S TreFtano (Tierne>) 112
505« Ir.dina (Stockton Stable) 100
Oti Kl Chihuahua (Spiers) 120
JWH4 "Beautiful IJiil (Morehouse) ..;11O
:.C9O 1'lyer (Ryan) 108
Charles Boots reports the first foal
of the year at Elmwood farm to be a
bay colt by the English stallion St.
Symphorlen from Installatrix. Sat
urday. January 16, was the date of
foaling.
Ah Stemler. the Sacramento horse
man, is a hnlf owner of Meada. He
is the owner of Afamada. the clever
filly's dam, and says that this year the
mare will be bred to Marius II. one
<>f the richly bred English stallions at
Kapa stock farm.
Charles Henshall has pur**!* — a * t^> n
contract held by George Strobel on
the services of little Kunz.
Following are to-day's entries: .
First rare — Futurity course; 4-year-olds and
up:. Felling: ,
iSO-iO rruewood OloAlester) i . .110
r.474 "Sue Johnson (FitzjTPrald) 10.1
T..VC Maraschino (Smith) 112
(S714)*Sar i-'rpsion < Hunter) 11.1
.V,7S Udy Kent (Wellman) IIS
.1719 Kubelik <M'-AIllster & Co.) 10&
.V.1S •Captivate aillttrcth) 113
SWiS'Idogro (Rafcur) ' 112
K750 "Fort Wayne (Ros?) 116
ST4O 'Mount McGregor II (Burns & W.)....110
!AM *nrenrws (Judpe) 113
5714 'Ber-lash (J»unpF») 103
Second race — Six fur'.onRs; :i-year-olds; sell-
Ing: . .
f.:»47 »iiocoo (Hums & V/aterhousc) !M
6654 Ptlmy (Stover) 104
5762 'Coroner Kelly (Bender & Co.) 107
SOI Quaker Girl (Krgerp) !»tt
. Slpnorinp. (Srhreiber) H»7
••>r.7« *Harbcr (Row ell) 99
57-'«t MJbbir> Candid (Appleby) 94
'ATAt "Uaphne Rose (Wilson) " »4
r>7.'»> *t'rherzo (Pueblo Stable) '.Y.t
.'73!J 'Klelnwood (lloshier) 89
XOTKS OK THE TRACK.
Henry Spencer, the original arid only
"Iceman." who has sent the cold shiv
ers creeping down the spinal column of
bettors of two hemispheres through
his eyelash finishes, spoiled a good
thing in the first race. Henry had the
mount on Celebrant, a 9 to 1 chance,
and after carefully rating the outsider
collared and downed Dungannon a
nose. The latter was played from, 6
down to 4V6- Kunz on the favorite,
The Cure, apparently beat the barrier
and then pulled up. Doris swerved,
spoiling the chances of half the field.
Marie J. favorite for the two-year
old dash, finished second, being easily
beaten by Meada, one of the second
choices, piloted by Willie See. Meada
is a daughter of Figaro, and the first
time the started was plunged on. A
bit of hard luck at the start on that oc
casion hurt her chances. Yesterday shr
was thp recipient of good handling, and
after the favorite, Arisbe and Raga
manda had raced heads apart almost to
the paddock See let Meada down, and
the black filly breezed in first. Marie
J took the place from Arisbe by a neck.
Both Double Six and Letola were ab
sentees from the third event, at five
and ¦ half furlongs, which left Johnny
Schorr's Ananias a 3 to 5 favorite.
Creedmore a 100 to 1 shot backed down
to 15, almost furnished the surprise.
C. Smith got the despised outsider
away well, anrl Hildebrand, astride the
first choice, was compelled to do some
tall hustling to get up and score by
a couple of lengths. Goddess of Night
finished a close third.
Dell Fountain's Modicum made a run
away race of the mile and a sixteenth
selling number. The bay horse is af
flicted v/ith ringbones and the slushy
going was Ju?t to his liking. Kunz
had the mount and placed the Fountain
entry over the plate ahead of the fa
vorite. Horton. wita plenty to spare.
Chickadee was third.
Colonel Van, also a member of the
Fountain stable, was tho peo - !e's choice
for the six-furlong selling run next de
cided, and was elected by a useful ma
jority. The Colonel had his price ham
mered down from 3 to 2 to 1. Hilde
brand piloted this one, and after avoid
ing the earlv pace defeated Matt Ho
gan with apparent ease. Lansdowne,
a well-played one, finished in the show.
Poor little Daisy Green appears un
able to gather any sea shells on these
shores. Not so many days back the
Eastern mare was stanchly played to
beat Incubator and failed to do so.
Daisy has always been considered
right at home in muddy going, and
with Gold Money and Joe Lesser out
of the way fell in for a raft of backing
to take the last event, a mile and sev
enty yard purse affair, at Oakland
yesterday. As it happened Kenilworth.
the "brown bird." came out with his
claws freshly manicured and led from
start to finish, winning, all out at the
wire, a head before the 10 to 1 shot.
Soothsayer. The favorite ran second
until well into the stretch. . where she
gave up the- ghost, finishing third.
A sloppy track worked wonders in
the way of improvement with two or
three different performers. Ananias
and Col. Van were, the only two favor
ites to land. The attendance ••.r..i * 3od.
Gold Finder Shows Sensation
ally and the Talent Has a
Disastrous Time in Betting
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
0XE FAVORITE IS FIRST
MATCH IS NOT -YET MADE
SAYS HE AVAS BANISHED
Fast Amateur Boxers Scheduled
to Battle for Honors at Me
chanics' Pavilion To-Xight
George Median Swears to the
Lamblike Meeting With tho
Horse Driver AVho Repented
George Peterson and Joe Thomas are
to meet for the welter-weight honors.
These boys are evenly matched and
when they clash a warm battle will be
the result. George Murray and Wil
liam Stewart, the navy champion, will
do the honors in the light heavy-weight
class. Bob Lundie and Jack Burke are
on the boards for the lightweight bout,
Abe Label and Al Elkins for the
feather-weight go and Joe Kelly -and
Jack Bowels for the bantam battle. Ed
die Graney will referee all the fights.
Young Corbett may engage in a
fistic encounter In this city next month
with Dave Sullivan, the New York
featherweight, as an opponent. A dis r
patch was received, from New York
last night to that effect, but none of
the fight promoters about town were
able to verify it "and they simply
passed it off as an idle rumor.
The dispatch states that Corbett and
Sullivan were matched there and that
the light would surely take place in
this city. The Yosemite Club has the
permit for February and has already
matched Hugo Kelly and another
Eastern lightweight, so it does not
seem possible that Corbett and Sulli
van would meet.
It is the opinion of sporting men
about town that Sullivan simply wants
to come to the coast and break in here
and a match with Corbett would mean
a whole lot of advertising for the New
Yorker. However, no one seems to
concede him a chance with the Den
ver whirlwind.
All is in readiness for the big amateur
boxing exhibition to be given to-night
at the Mechanics' Pavilion under the
auspices of the Lincoln Athletic Club.
Six bouts are carded for the attraction,
and if the lads make the showing that
is expected of them the exhibition will
certainly prove the greatest amateur
event that has ever been pulled oft in
this city.
Sam Berger, the well-known heavy
weight of the Olympic Club, and George
Sullivan,' the husky scrapper from the
San Francisco Club, will put on the
mitts in the final event of the evening.
This fight has been looked forward to
by ring-goers for many months. It
ought to be an engagement worth go
ing miles to see, as both men are ama
teurs who are capable of lighting like
real professionals, and there is no rea
son why their four-round bout should
not prove as interesting as any mill be
tween much heralded Eastern stars.
BLOOMIXGTON, 111., Jan. 18. — The
striking street railway employes who
went out on January 1 for increased
wages instituted a. competitive auto
mobile service to-day.
Strikers Start an Auto Service.
Attorneys for the Royal Consolidated
Mines Company, limited, and those for
the striking miners at Hodson. Cala
veras County, occupied the whole of
yesterday's session of the United States
Circuit Court in the argument on the
motion to make perpetual the tempo
rary restraining order heretofore issued
against the strikers.
Among the affidavits read to the
court on a previous occasion was one
by Charles Wilson, a teamster in the
service of the complainant company.
He stated that on December 9 he was
taken out of his barn at Milton by a
gang of twenty-five strikers led b'y Ben
Box and Frank Rochester and com
pelled under threats of death to walk
with them a quarter of a mile up
the railroad track to a pond, into which
he was ordered by Rochester, who
threatened to kill him should he re
fuse to do so. While Wilson was in
the water Rochester ordered him to
put his head under the surface, which
he was obliged to do through fear of
great bodily injury should he refuse.
After he got out of the pond George
Meehan and Rochester threw him back
into the water, and when they got
through ducking him they took him
some distance down the railroad track
and ordered him to leave the country,
giving him the alternative of being
killed. Wilson said that this brutal
treatment was in pursuance of .threats
made against him by the strikers be
cause he had persisted in working for
the company while the strike was on.
An affidavit by George Meehan was
read at yesterday morning's session.
He flatly denied that any threats had
been made against or that any violence
whatever had been offered to Wilson.
He swore that Wilson, freely and of his
own volition, walked down the railroad
track with them and after discussing In
a lamblike manner Wilson's conduct in
refusing to leave the employment of
the complainant at the suggestion of
the strikers Wilson said that he realized
that he had teen acting In a very rep
rehensible manner toward his fellow
workmen by working while the rest
were striking, and then and there,
freely and of his own volition, said
.that he would refuse to serve the com-
Dlainant until such time as the mine
owners treated their employes with
fairness. Meehan further deposed that
at that juncture one of the strikers
"suggested to Wilson that inasmuch
as he had been opposed to his fellow
workmen he could the better show his
sincerity by washing himself clean of
all his past acts by walking Into the
adjoining pond of water, which Wilson
thereupon did, without any force be
ing used or threat being made."
Judge Morrow smiled when this affi
davit was read and took the caae un
der advisement.
Walsh Pilots Three Winners
in the Affair at the Ascot
Track in Citv of Los Angeles
Teamster Wilson Tells How
He Was Forced by the Miners
to Walk Into a Deep Pond
Dispatch From New York Says
That, Little Men Will Fight
in This City Next Mouth
Daisy Green, the Eastern Mare, Is Favorite for the Race and Finishes an
Ordinary Third— Henry Spencer Pilots the First Winner of the Day at
Oakland— Meada Easily Downs Marie J for the Two-Year-Oid Scramble
JOCKEY WINS
THE LAURELS
KENILWORTH REGAINS HIS SPEED
AND DEFEATS SOOTHSAYER A HEAD
STRIKERS DENY
USING VIOLENCE
CORBETT MAY
MET SULLIVAN
RACETRACK NEWS AND HAPPENINGS IN PUGILISTIC AND SPORTING CIRCLES
THE SAN FRANCISCO ..CALL, TUESDAY/ JANUARY 10, 1901.
VALLEJO, Jan. 18. — Orders were received
at the navy yard to-day to repair the distill
ing shin li-lfi.' The approved estimates will
amount to $55,000 for the construction and;re
pair department and' $12,000 .for the steam
engineering department.
. THE HAGUE, Jan. 18— In the"nr»t cham
ber of the States General to-day, during a dls
cuction of the naval section of the budget, • a
number of members Insisted . upon the prompt
increase »of tho auxiliary squadron/ in view
Of tne.fituatton In the Far East.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jen: 18— Stmr Aure
nla, from Trl?«t«, Naples and Gibraltar.' -
SOUTH AFRICAN PORT— Arrived crior to
Jan 18— Slmr Vermont, from Portland, Or, via
Singapore. , ;._¦.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
8
CRUSHES OlfT j$SBg£<
The most loathsome and repulsive of all \fegt^Jy
living things is the serpent, an*d the vilest and
most degrading of all human diseases is Contagious Blood Poison. The
serpent sinks its faegs mtothe flesh and almost instantly the poison passes
through the entire body. Contagious Blood Poison, beginningwith a little
ulcer, soon contaminates every drop of blood and spreads throughout the
whole systern. Painful swellings appear in the groins, a red rash and
copper colored splotches break out on the body, the mouth and throat
become ulcerated and the hair and eye brows fall out ; but these symptoms
are mild compared to the wretchedness and suffering that come in the latter
stages of the disease when it attacks the bones and more vital parts of the
body. It is then that Contagious Blood Poison is seen in all its hideous-
?if SS 't. i * p e ? tmg abscesses aQ d sickening ulcers and tumors show
the whole system is corrupted and poisoned, and unless relief comes soon
this serpent disease tightens its coils and crushes out the life. The only
antidote for the awful virus is S. S. S. It is nature's remedy, com*
S/^-Nj /a—^ posed entirely of vegetable ingredients. S. Si S.
f^l fO< destroys every vestige of the poison, purifies the
jN^i J^N Wood and removes all danger of transmitting the
fcJ/ fc»J/ awful taint to others. Nothing else- will do this.
'-^ Strong mineral remedies, like mercury and potash,
dry up the sores and drive in the disease, but do not cure permanently.
Send for our home treatment book and write us if in need of medical
advice or special information. This will cost you nothing;
t CQ!, ATLANTA, GA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEUUGHE
.. Positively cured by theso
Uttlo Pills.
Thej also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl-
j n~ss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongua
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price .
1 6 1 Sri * iisf"
OCEAN TRAVEL.
- « ,
e Steamers leave San Fraa-
ciseo as follows:
For Ketchikan. Wrar.ee!.
Jurwau. Haines, Ekaguay.
etc.. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Jan.
1«. 21. -'6. 31. Feb. 3.
Change to company's •team-
era at Seattle.
Fcr Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Jan.. 18.
21, 2f. 31. Feb. 5. Change at Seattle to tn.»
I company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. P.y.. at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. . „
Vor Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:^
p. m.. Jan. 17. 23. 20. Feb. •»; Corona, 1:30 p.
; m.. Jan. 11. 20, 20. Feb. 1.
For Lcs Angeles (via Port Los An*e!e» and
Redondo). San Dteso and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles <via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Lul« Obtspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Jan. 12. 20. 28. Feb. S.
Bonita. 0 a. en., Jan. 16. 24. Feb. 1.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose d-1
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
i talia. Guaymas (Mez.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eaco
; month.
Fcr further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
iofr date?.
TICKET OriTCES — 4 New Montgom-
, ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. mXAXN, Gonerat Pass-nger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
AUEBIOAN LIJTE.
Plymcnth— Cherbourg — Southampton.
From N>w York Saturdays at 9:30 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Jan. G0| New York Fe». M
I St. Louis Feb. rtj Ft. Paul ..Feb. 2l>
ATLANTIC XRAJTS'POXT LIHE.
S«w York — London Direct.
MARQT'KTTK JAN. SO— 9:0i> AM
MINXKHAHA FKB. «— f»:0«) AM
MINNEAPOLIS FEB. 13— .-.:f.« PM
UBSABA FEB. 2<V- »:0«» AM
Only First-Class Pa?sTigers Carried.
DOMI2TIOH LINE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea pa«sagp.
Canada Feb. «K"anada Mar. 12
Dominion Feb. 27i Vancouver Mar. 2tt
HOLLAPTD-AMEKICA II5E.
Xew Twin-Screw Steamers of 12,30<» Tons.
Hew York — Rotterdam, Via Bonlogns.
Sailing Tuesday at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam Feb. 2;Statendam Feb. 2.'!
•SloterJyk Feb. l«'t *m*t!?rdam '. . -Mar. 1
¦fSteernge only. 'Freight only.
RED STAB LiriE.
Hew TTorlc — Antwerp — Paris,
Zcel"d.Jan. 30, 10:::O am| V.lrld.Feb. 13, 1O:^i» am
Finl'd.Feb. fi. 10:.'» am Krnld.Feb. 20. 10:30 am
WHITE STAB LINE.
New York — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
C»»dric Jan. 2T. nocn (Celtic Feb. 17. « am
Majestic. Feb. .1. H> amiCe«lrlc. . .Feb. 2». 11 am
Oceanic. .Feb. 1O. 1 pm' Majestic. Mar. 2. 10 am
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Cretic Feb. 4. March 3, March m
Cymric .'..Feb. 18. March 17
BOSTON MEDIT^RBANEAH SSBVICE.
Azores, Gibraltar. JTaplea. Genoa.
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
REPriiUf: tr.ew) Feb. i:S. Mar. 2 1 ?
ROMANIC Feb. 27. April 9
C. D. TAVLOR. Passon^cr Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
7i L^SrORC&rcTBBALT^^^iil.li
WARSEILLtS. CI.HQaTw
yWAPtLS 6f ALeXAMPaiA. *&**lftk.
CANOPIC Jan. SO. Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. IT Mar. 28
ROMANIC Feb. 27. Apl. 9. May 1*
t?end for rates ami Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest In the
Mediterranean service.
First class, $t)d upward.
Boston to Liverpool Q «^ O w»
CRETIC Feb. 4. Mar. 3. Mar. 31
CYMRIC Feb. IS. Mar. 17. Apl. 11
Fir?:' class. $W> and $'-"> upward, accord-
lnjt to steamer. For plans, etc., address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 Stata St..
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
O. /?., & N. CO.
Oregon sails Jan. 2S. Feb. 7. 17. 27. March
». 19 and 29. 3. S. Orewn in temporarily la
service Instead of the Columbia. Geor«e \v .
Elder sails Jan 23. Feb. 2. 12. 22, March 4,
14 and 24. Only steamship lin» to POP.T-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points Fast. Through tickets to a!l
points, all rail or steamship and mil. at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer foot of Spear «. at
11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Act. Puss.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.; C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agt. Freight D»pt.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL. STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner Flrwt »n<\
Brannan streets, at I p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hiogo), Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hons-
konir with steamers for India, etc. No cargo
received on hnard on day of sailing;.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Monday. January 23. lfWVI.
Via Ifonolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rate*. For freight an«l passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agenk
oceanics.s_.co. «-^ s
S P SONOMA, for Honolulu, - Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. TJiuraday. Jan. 21, 2 p. ra.
a k aI-AMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 30. 11 a.m.
S. S. MARIP03A. for Tahiti. Feb. 11. 190*.
W5St83Sa.8M total JL.ffcr b. 7. ?i& JL
COMPAOXIS QEHS3ALS .TIUS3ATLAMTIW1
DIRECT LINE TO I1AVRE-PARIS. J-»±9
Sailing every Thursday Instead ci *J&£Sfy
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. from Pter 42. *«H5aHE»
North River, foot ot Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. S45 and upward. GEX-
KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI ft CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
' Mare Island and yallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. tn.. except Sunday.
Sun-lay. S:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leava Valle.'o.
T a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. 3un-
, day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. Tel.
¦ 2Iain 1308. Pier 2. Mlsalon-st. dock. HATCH
ADVEETISEMENTS.
I MEN, COME TO ME!
? x~"V If j-ou don't feel right. I can
2 i M *~^SiM 'vL* \ Belt. If you are weak. I can
• ' • f 4T/?-Jt v — v \ make you strong. If you are
O itvi^^i I \ \ ful1 nf rheumatic r-iin**. 1 fan
® a«S?IW '"'I I \ knock them out. I can pour
2 Hfidlft x '^j_ J ( \ can 't live in the same house,
2 W&&&r\jf jr \. -1 Mr. Georce M. Curtis. I-ivinc-
™ *^~ ¦*" ''ten. <"al.. writP.">: I suffered
O pKsSr m' ' '^~- K^ with chronic lame bark for years.
© weBSt • \ VJ ~~ '•'^^^ "^Srr —^v^\^f ' am Dl*»ased to say that affr
2 MHnf t V v *"^V*'**~ —^ J^Kf!^ 'hr<>«» month?' usn of your Belt
tL W&xf \ \ V / <4*®d!teptf*f l am comDlete 'y cured and a.-»
a sSr X\& i If lt were not for the preju-
: /W A\ ill .'•',•'/¦ dice dne to tbe great number
a S i ot fake « ta toe land « * would
2 ¦ iriffiSHZSKSPSfflr no * b « » bl « to handle all
• 1 .^asJg^3Ag*^_I [^W9|^^»V the bn«lne«» tliat wonld come
© »« MHjRJSSSiwSSSTti t^Sl^Wsff^S to me. The 'Tree Belt" fraud
© C&v HWmmffl *"* to « " rr «« »rw" scheme,
O 'H& '*NvrS3@KMni| jSSKKBBay . which are not free at all.
a ASaStibi. -»C^^^SS £3st&S*£5S&fc& have made every one sieptl-
a /NC&i?. J *¦ > ®KBSB^^^' R ffood tlllaar< and rn rammer
Jj . — — TC^'^Qg&SMB&NSr' away until you know It.
a . One thing every man ought to know Is this: Your body is a machine.
X' It is run by the steam in your blood and nerves. When you begin to
a break down in any way you are out of steam. That's juat what I want
2 to give you back.
• ¦»' Mr. John O'Urien, 1453 Fifth st.. Oakland Cal.. writes: I suffered Intensely from
9 vtry revere lumbago. Plasters and medicine afforded no relief. Aftsr using your Belt
A f° r nine days my pairs were sone and I have been free from suffering ever since.
a X have a cure In every town. Tell me where you live and X will rive
jSi you the name of a man I've cured.
Jr Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can cure
JJ you or not. if I can't cure you, I don't want your money. I have been in
w the business twenty-two years, and am the biggest man in it to-day by
© long odds, and I am growing yet, because I give every man all he pays
© I for. .
0 Now wouldn't you rather wear my life-giving appliance while you
A sleep every night and feel its glowing warmth pouring into you. and
Z feel yoursolf taking on a new lease of life with each application, than to
• clog your intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely! Try me.
Mr. Janus Cuyler, Reno. New, writes: I have vsed your Electric Belt and can
9 truthfully say that It has cured ttip of what wai supposed to he a honelew case of
0 lame hack. I am now in perfect health and the credit Is nil due to your treatment.
a If you will come and see me I'll explain to you. If you can't call, let
a me send my book, full of the things a man finds inspiring to strength and
Z courage. Free if you send this ad.
| Dr. M.C McLaughlin, #^^
9 Office hours — 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1.
4#^k Every Woman
w :^® 1 MARVEL WhirIIn 9 s P ra v I
lV^C^\\V v^Nl'i1 Thene-!rT«ii«il8jrtaf». Jnjee-
• n*wp2 k *V* Ql^L ticn and Huethn. Best— saf.
\'trS<V>v^ : r^} ftw eK-Mort Conrenlent.
"~-^i^^^&^77w^ itUmuiluutU;.
¦» Jtrtr Crutt'W .*'"!*. \"' MVhi ' '^ i ~^^^
If h» <-*rnot tnpviy ilie \if9V^"Hf/'('^is
MAnVBI.,«ct»ptno Tx ¦%-*£%¦.-**
t>Uier, bnt rend »tami« for 11- \\ g **%te\ +
Imtratci hooi— «mI»*.U cl'e» \* / '>*M
fnllparttpaUMaudrtt'eotinMin* C^'f Jf
valuable to lartlet. M.% RVEI. CO..
M» MISSION ST.. S. F.. Cal. +>*<JJJr
William Hatteroth (toadies* Dept.).. 22* Sutter
Union Drugc Co..^14 Keamy Sc Van Xeas tt Mkt
Osirood Brc» 7th A Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy..... iij> jr\u a
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NV1COUA-
; tor and Nervine. -
The moil wonderful aphrodisiac and Speetai
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for joth sexta.
The Mexican Remedies for Diseases of the
Kidneys and Bladder. Sell* on Its own merit*.
NADER. ALFS & BRUNE. Azeats.
323 iaarktt »t.. S. F. — iSend for Clrcularai.
The Weekly Xaa
§1 per Year.
How to
Punch the Pip
Fpaldlns's Athletic /^W^pl
by' YOUNG :¦]¦%
CORBETT *®
A' complete treat I** on the art of punching
.the bag. and .without doubt the best book
• on thla subject ever ' printed. ¦ ' Contains 34
scenes of Youn* Corbett atlhe bag In h!»
• tralnlnor quarters. Every varlaty of blow
shown and explained. .
,.' • . PaiCE 10 CESTS.
': For sale by all netvsdealers and
A. O. SPAiDIlfQ ft BB0S..
: 578 Mission Street.Passes Fictitious Check.
The Supreme Court has decided that
the Mayor and the Common Council
of San Jose may lease a portion of
Alum Rock Park to a man named
p err y t who wishes to erect a hotel on
the public reservation. George Har
ter a citizen, objected to the scheme
and secured an Injunction against the
consummation of the deal. The court
holds that property donated by an in
dividual could not be thus leased, but
the transaction is valid where the
ground, as in the case at bar, has been
set aside by the authorities as a public
park.
May Lease Portion of Park.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that an exami
nation will be held at San Francisco
February 17 for the position of topo
graphic and cartographic draughtsman,
to fill two vacancies at $1000 per an
num each, and' one vacancy at $1200
per annum in the position of draughts
man, ofllce of the chief of staff. War
Department- Age limit, 20. years or
over. Apply to the United States
Civil Service Commission, Washing
ton.' D. C. or to the secretary Consoli
dated Board Civil Service Examiners.
301 Jackson street. San Francisco,
for apolication form 1312. which
should be properly executed and filed
with the commission at Washington.
Draughtsmen Wanted.
When the csise of Alexander B. Gar
nett, charged with the murder of Ma
jor J. W. McClung- in the apartments
of Mrs. Lillian' Hitchcock-Coit. Palace
Hotel, was railed In Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday to be set foi trial,. At
torney W. D. Grady, for the defend
ant, file4 a motion to set asid* the in
dictment. The Judge continued the
matter till to-morrow for argument.
Garnctt Cai« Affain Continued.
A public meeting of citizens inter
ested in the improvement of the pos
tal service will be held at the Alham
bra Theater next Thursday night. It
i3 to be under the auspices of the Cal
ifornia Postal Progress League, an
organization formed for the purpose
of developing the mall service. The
object of the meeting is to promote
interest in an up-to-date parcels post.
It is expected that Governor Pardee
will preside at the meeting. He is
vice president of the league, as are
also Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president
of th» University of California, and
David Starr Jordan, president of Stan
ford University. Henry Weinstock.
the well known merchant, John S.
Dore of Fresno and Edward Bsrwick
of Pacific Grove are among those list
ed for speeches.
California Progress League Secures
Alhanibra Theater for Exploitation
of Scheme for Improvement.
The twentieth exhibition of the Cal
ifornia State Floral Society will be
opened in the grand nave of the ferry
building on Thursday, March 24, and
will continue three days.
This flower show will have the char
acteristic feature of befng the first ex
hibition of bulbs that the floral society
has ever made. The management
hopes to have a collection that will at
tract a large attendance. Mrs. John
R. Martin, Mrs. O. D. Wheeler, Mrs.
William S. Chandler, Mrs. O. D. Bald
win and R. Lichtenberg comprise the
committee of arrangements. .
The .list of premiums is long. The
first prize for general exhibit of the
season will -be $25. "The second best
collection will win $20.
Spring Show in the Ferry Bnildins
Will Have for Distinguishing Fea
ture Collection of Bulbs.
STATE FLORAL SOCIETY
PREPARES TO EXHIBIT
PARCELS POST ENTHUSIASTS
ARRANGE A MASS MEETING
Since that time Sheehan has been
enjoring a lucrative income from the
United Railroads as an attorney, hav
ing become a full fledged lawyer af
ter receiving his pension. This was
brought to the attention of the Com
missioners and Sheehan was ordered
several days ago to report to Chief
Wittman for duty, but he has failed
to do so.
Charges have be«n filed with the
Police Commissioners against James
F. Sheehan for insubordination, and
they will be heard at the meeting of
the board to-night.
Sheehan was retired by the pension
board on October 1. as it was claimed
that while doing duty as a mounted
policeman his horse threw him, in
juring his head and making him unfit
for active duty, as he was subject to
lapses of memory.
Char?? of Insubordination Made
Against James F. Sbeelian for Re
fusing to Keport for Duty.
DRAWS POLICE PEXSION"
AM) PRACTICES LAW
Hazel Adams tired of life in Martinez
and came to enjoy the lights and spar
kles of a great city. She went to the
Barbary Coast for the gay glitter for
which she longed instead of going to
work as a servant in the Western Addi
tion. A policeman thought she would
answer better In some other sphere of
activity and arrested her for vagrancy.
She is Quite a pretty girl and hardly
looks the 19 years she claims. She was
convicted before Judge Mogan yester
dav and will be sentenced to-day.
Quong Chee- is a true Chinese when it
i comes to tricks that are vain, and even
j infringes* on some of the white man's
- rights. He goes so far as to possess an
: alias, which is Wong Sue. Coming
! across from Oaklai-d in the ferry Sat
' urday were Emil Gebaner and Albert
! Seyfrier.d. young men who were tempt
'¦ ing fate in a city after a six months'
• siege of toil in the mines at Koswick.
, Their wardrobes were stored in two
j wicker telescope grips, which they left
under one of the seats on the lower
deck of the ferry-boat while they went
forward to study the formation of Tele
! graph Hill from a marine viewpoint.
When the boat bumped into the slip
! they sought their luggage, but found
] it not. In a daze at the dishonesty of
! city dwellers they came outside, th?
> ferry building and raw in the distance
| the "glint of their wicker wardrobes,
i with a Chinaman, plodding through
' the mire of East street, clinging va
j liantly to them. The two miners beat
Joseph Meyer went into a Chinese
restaurant on Clay street Saturday
night and ordered a repast. It con
sisted of chicken, . duck, $12 worth of
ham and eggs, frijoles and three pieces
of hot mince pie. The magnificence of
the order caused the chink to conclude
that at last he was famous and he
saw golden streams and fashionable
people pouring into his narrow eating
house.
After Meyer had dined he sat back
and rolled a cigarette. He had dined
and was impervious to fate. When
he arose to eo the Chinaman gently
questioned him about compensation.
For reDly Meyer pushed the muzzle of
a revolver in front of. the Chinaman's
nose at such an angle that the slant
ing eyes of the Oriental almost became
perpendicular in trying to realize the
awful possibilities of eternity contained
in that narrow barrel.
But when Meyer had departed, leav
ing the score unpaid: the Chinaman
blew a police whistle and secured the
aid of a policeman to whom alt guns
looked alike. The accused man was
before Judge Conlan yesterday and was
fined ?50, which it is understood he will
pay.
.Judge Conlan tame to the same de
cision and the little chaps will have to
learn from Judge Murasky the full
enormity of the offense of staying up
late. There have also been Instruc
tions from the Juevnile Court that the
police are to arrest any children, of
school age who are engaged in selling
papers or other commodities on the
streets during the hours when they
should be in school. Beware, children!
•The bogie man'll git you ef you don't
watch out."
Under instructions from Superior
Judge Murasky the police are taking
into custody all of the little boys who
vend sum "and other merchandise on
the streets after S o'clock, thus violat
ing the curfew ordinance. Judge Mo
gan had twelve of the kids before him
yesterday and Judge Conlan dealt with
•eight of the cases. '"Curfew must not
ring to-day," said Judge Mogan. as he
eyed the gran? of unwashed Italian
kid?. "I think this is a matter for
the Juvenile Court."
"I find that you are a traveler in
three distinct senses. You were com
ing from Tonopah; you intended to re
turn to Tonopah on the first train and
at the time of your forcible flight down
the basement stairs where you were
arrested you were certainly going some.
Defendant is discharged."
Judge Cabaniss, • always a Daniel
come to judgment, found plenty of ex
cuses for Charles Johnson, a Tonopah
miner, who appeared before him yes
terday on a. charge of carrying con
cealed weapons. Johnson averred, a art
his demeanor spoke truth, that he had
come on a hurried business trip from
the desert mining camp, where a heavy
gun is as much of a garment as a pair
of socks. He intended to catch the next
train to the waterless, gold-banded bar
rens of the Sagebrush State, but chance
acquaintances caused him to overlook
the time limit.
When he sought the tram It had gone
and would not come back for him. So
he made one glad night of. it in the
city. During his wanderings he met
some kings of evil with whom he be
came embroiled. They rudely threw
him into a rathskeller at Geary and
Market streets and his trusty revolver
popped from its hidden depths. A po
liceman came along and arrested John
son for carrying concealed weapons.
Judge Cabaniss charged him in the fol
lowing opinion. BaliiY Xell Carmichae!.
J., concurring:
Coroner Leland held an inquest yes
terday morning on the body of Giu
seppi Martini, a divekeeper ..t S23 Pa
ci.lc street, who was shot and killed on
January 6 by Edward Richards. The
jury returned a verdict of justifiable
homicide.
The evidence was to the effect that
Richards and a depraved female
habitue of the dive were drinktns lager
beer together, a bottle being: ordered at
a time, the charge for each bottle being
GO cents as against the regulation price
of 10 cents in the groceries.
A dispute arcse between Richard3
and Martini respecting the payment for
one bottle of beer. Richard3 claiming
that he had already paid 50 cents for
it and Martini insisting that he had
not paid anything. Finally Richards
declared that he did not purpose to
pay again and that he was being im
posed upon. Martini thereupon resort
ed to the usual argument of the dive
keepers—a police club— and was ad
vancing toward Richards with the
weapon raised. Richards warned him
to keep back, and Martini continuing
to advance after the second warning.
Richards fired. iF- f -',s .;¦-?¦
' In rendering their verdict the jurors
said: '•We believe from the testimony
in the case that the said Edward Rich
ards feared great bodily injury and
fired the sliot in self-defense: and we
furthermore believe it to be a case of
justiflable homicide."
Richards* preliminary examination
began before Police Judge Mogan yes
terday. Two witnesses were examined.
One of them v.as the girl who was
with Richards at the time of the
shooting. She srfid there were no
words and no quarrel previous to the
killing. She said she w^s sitting at a
table with Richards in the dance hall
when she 'heard a shot and saw Mar
tini fall to the ground.
The hearing will be resumed this
forenoon.
Put on Good Behavior.
Alfred Colon and Pedro Rivera, two
young Porto Ricans who were convict
ed on a charge of burglary in Judge
Lawlor's court, appeared for sentence
yesterday. They entered the jewelry
store of Giuseppe Licata. SOS Broad
way, on November 15. Father Anto
nio M. Santandreu made a strong plea
for mercy for the two defendants and
promised to assume their direction and
control if they were given" a chance to
reform. The Judge postponed sen
tence till March 25 and allowed them
to go with Father Santandreu.
Gas heaters, formerly $4.50. now J2.50.
?t San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, 415 Post street.
Dojr Takes Lons Jump.
A dog belonging to J. Sylvester of IS
Mason street jumped from the roof of
the Lynwood Hotel yesterday morn
in?r to the ground, fifty feet below. The
animal struck and broke a wire in the
course of its descent and reached the
pavement alive, but badly injured.
The Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals had the dog
asphyxiated.
Japanese Seeks l>aniasrc~.
H. Dochi, a Japanese, brought -suit
in Justice of the Peace Daniels* court
yesterday ajcainst Charles Mahoney to
recover 5299 damages. Dochi alleges
that Mahoney pushed him off an £llfs
street car on the morningr of January
26, 1903. and that he sustained in
juries that prevented him from work
ing for many months. The Judge took
the case under advisement.
urged the Finance Committee to make
arrangements for- an exhibit in the
Model City. Phelan announced that
an endeavor would be made to raise
535,000 additional by popular sub
scription in order that the amount for
a creditable exhibit will aggregate
550,000. ;
Xegro Agor.tino has an equity in
one of the most wonderful timepieces
that ever came from the hands of a
watchmaker. For its rarity he values
it highly and rightly enough. If
watches were sold by the pound It
would be worth nearly a million dol
lars. Compared to it the ferry clock
looks like a finger ring timepiece.
Agontino found himself Saturday
night with his precious watch and a
hold-over thirst that needed quench
ing. With considerable exertion he
packed his jag and the watch to a
pawnbroker named Crockett on Clay
street, who advanced $3 on the unique
indicator, but refused to lend on the
jag. The next morning Agontino
awoke without his cherished posses
sion and obtained a search warrant
against the pawnbroker.
The case was before Judge Conlan
yesterday. The pawnbroker and his
assistant took the disputed watch to
court. Luckily the courtroom was not
crowded, otherwise the exhibit would
have been deposited in Portsmouth
square for inspection. Agostino could
speak no English and told his story
through an Italian interpreter. He
said the watch had been stolen from
him while he was drinking.
"What!" said Judge Conlan. "Steal
a watch like that from a man? Why,
it would be easier to steal a truck
load of sewer pipe out of his inside
pocket. If this man carried this
watch and it was taken from him sud
denly he would have gone up in the
air 300 feet and floated around in
definitely."
The pawnbroker testified that Agos
tino had personally received $3 and
given his unique timepiece as a pledge.
The Judge told the complaining wit
ness that he would have to pungle up
the $3 if he wished ever to connect
himself with his ponderous watch
again, and dismissed the case.
Conroy will go to Baden some day,
but he will have a compulsory stop
over privilege at Branch County Jail
Xo. 2 on the Ingleside road punched in
his ticket that will detain him for some
time from his arrival at his original
destination.
In gathering up the silver the old
man overlooked $5 in gold, but not so
Conroy, who was next in line. Deftly
he annexed the glittering coin and or
dered a seat in the train, as far as
Baden. Behind Conroy was Mrs. G. E.
Hamill of this city, who saw Conroys
peculation. When she learned that the
old man was searching for his missing
money she told him who the thief was
and a policeman did the rest.
Patrick Conroy --as convicted of
p»tty larceny in Judge Fritz's court
yesterday and will be given a sentence
to-day. He grew industrious at the win
dow of the Southern Pacific depot at
Third and Townsend streets Sunday
and attached himself to a five-dollar
gold piece to which he could lay no
legal claim. An elderly man named
William Jones bought a ticket to San
Jose and tendered in payment a ten
dollar piece. The clerk gave him the
ticket and the change.
A committee consisting of E. B.
Pond, F. J. Symmes and J. D. Phelan
The San Francisco committee mem
bers were disappointed at the refusal
of the Commissioners to promise to
pay for erecting the San Francisco
building at St. Louis at the estimated
cost of $12,000, and did not hesitate to
say so after the conference was ended.
As neither the executive committee nor
the display committee for the city was
fully represented no action could be
taken. A report will be made back as
to the lack of success. The expecta
tion of the San Francisco committee is
that the show to be made by this city
will cost about $50,000 to collect, install
and maintain during the continuance
of the St. Louis exposition.
While the St. Louis Commissioners
yesterday declined to guarantee $12,000
to defray the cost of the San Fran
cisco bulldlne, it was agreed to pay
the transportation charges on all that
San Francisco wishes to send on as
exhibits. As the San Francisco display
will consist principally of maps, pic
tures and other articles that have little
weight, the transportation item will not
be. relatively, very large.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution authorising an
appropriation of $5000 out of the ur
gent necessity fund, if it contains that
amount on June 30, 1904, and pledg
ing the board to appropriate an addi
tional 510,000 for the purpose of de
fraying a portion of the expense of a
municipal exhibit at the St. Louis ex
position.
It was also pointed out by the mem
bers of the San FVancisco committee
in conference that unless San Fran
cisco has its own building at the great
show it will not be distinctively rep
resented, while many counties will be
on exhibition in the agriculture build
ing:.
The conference did not last long. The
St. Louis Cemmisaioners said that it
would be impossible to appropriate
512,000 as asked for the reason that
the entire appropriation has been prac
tically apportioned and there are un
avoidable expenses that will be very
large. For instance, the railroads are
going to charge a rate of 60 cents per
100 pounds for moving exhibits from
San Francisco to St. Louis. This rate
is for goods moved in one direction.
Those which are to be brought back to
California will trke a higher rate.
There are tons of mineral exhibits to
be moved to the mines and mining
building. There are many tons of fruits
In glass, vegetables, educational exhib
its and various bulky products which
at the transportation one-way rate of
60 cents per 100 pounds will make away
with the funds very fast.
COMMITTEE DISAPPOINTED.
REFUSE APPROPRIATION.
The Commissioners to the St. Louis
exposition were asked yesterday by the
executive committee and members of
the display committee for the city and
county of San Francisco to appropriate
$12,000 to pay for the erection of a mu
nicipal building at St. Louis to house
the exhibits this city will send on to
the great show and declined to make
the grant. . Ex-Mayor Phelan. Presi
dent Symmes of the Merchants' Asso
ciation, President E. B. Pond of the
San Francisco Savings Union and Mr.
Colburn, secretary of the San Fran
cisco committee, waited en the St.
Louis Commissioners at the Russ
Houie. Commissioners Filcher and
"Wiggins were in the headausirters of
the commission when the delegation
from San Francisco called.
Within a very few minutes a confer
ence took place. The representation
was made in behalf of San Francisco
that this city pays about one-third of
ail the taxes paid in this State. The
State % appropriated $150,000 for St.
Louis. On that basis, so said the mem
bers of the committee. $12 COO was not
a large sum to be appropriated to
have San Francisco provided with an
appropriate building among the other
municipal structures to be reared at
St. Leais.
All through, the hearin? the defend
ant, gowned modestly in brack, sat
rmiling at the discomfiture of Lay
mance and showing no traces of anx
ierY on her own account.
At 4:20 o'clock the hearing was ad
jcurne<l until Wednesday morning,
when Laymance will be further cross
examined and the prosecution expects
to present more testimony of bank offi
cials to the effect that they do not be
lieve the signature to be -genuine.
Jam*! H. Swift. pr^Fident of the
Columbian Banking Company, was a
witness for the prosecution as a hand
writir:? expert. He told the court that
fce bas^d his conclusion that the dis
puted checks vrere suprious on the fact
that they were not written on forms
ordinarily used by Laymance and in
the demeanor of the defendant when
the was accused by the bank officials
of presenting a forced cneck. During
th* cross-examination it was strongly
hinted by counsel for the defense that
Mr. Swift, who is the actual complain
ing witness, and the institution which
he represents would be made defend
ants in a heavy damage suit.
BA.VKKR TESTIFIKS.
l"ndf r tfce law? of evidence Judge |
Cabaniss was powerless to prevent the \
revelation of the relations which Lay- j
nance is alleged to have borne to the i
v.oraan whom he now accuses of forg
ing h:s name to a check. It was not a ;
particularly peasant story to listen to,
despite the repeated assertions of Lay
mance that for the twelve years of !
th^ir acquaintance there was nothing
meretricious in their association. From
the Questions asked on cross-examina
tion it was evident that the defense was
loaded to the muzzle with testimony,
rot only to refute the charge of for
r«T- but further to prosecute the case
In civil and possibly criminal proceed-
i n c c
Judge Cabaniss clearly intimated his
opinion cf the merits of the case during
the grilling of Laymance by stating in
rlain language that he believed the al
legred spurious check to have been writ
ten by the same hand that penned ad
mittedly genuine exemplars of the
fame character? introduced as evi
dence. He did this for the # purpose of
to spare the witness the
frtur* 1 of a castigating cross-question
ing. The prosecution's counsel failed
to grasp the situation and allowed his
client v to suffer the ordeal.
Among the witnesses introduced by
the prosecution was Daniel E. Ames.
one of the old school of handwriting ex
perts. During his examination Judjre
Cabaniss picked up two checks, both
claimed to be forged, one for $50 and
one for HO.
"Show me the essential differences
between these two checks." said the
Judgw. The expert went into a long
discourse on up-«rrok~s. slants, shading
and other technical terms. Finally he
specified one check as genuine and the
uther as a forgery. As both of the
checks were claimed to be forgeries
his further testimony fell on unheeding
•ars.
JUDGE IS POWERLESS
¦- .'-vy ¦!¦-¦.. .->¦•-:
J. Walter La*rnane«. the Oakland
r*al estate dealer who caused the ar
re«t of Maude Lawrence on a charge of
forglns his name to a chock drawn on
the Columbian Banking Company, was
ecoursed yesterday :a Judge Cabaniss'
court during the brief cross-examina
tion to which he was subjected. In vain
the Jud^re trif>d to save Layraance from
the arrows of the defendant's attorney
by gentle suggestior.s that the real es
tate man's reputation might be spared
if the prosecution would consent to dis
miss the case. Laymanre's attorney
eppeared to enjoy the ordeal as much
U the spectators and insisted on a Coll
Y.*as\T-.% of the charge against the wo-
At cue time during the cross-exarni
ration the witness so far lost control
of himself as to make a quick move
ment toward his hip pocket. Detective
Ed Gibson, sitting closely alongside of
him. wliisj>er<?d hoarsely in an imper
ative manner, loud enough to be
heard by those in the jury box. "Take
your hand off that quick." Laymance
straightened up and abandoned self
protective measures in favor of appeals
to the court for protection against the
bantering questions of the defendants
counsel.
Board of Supervisors Appro
priate Money for Represen
tation at St. Louis Exposition
Edward Richards Is Declared
to Have Been Justified in
Killing of Ginseppi Martini
Jud^e Cabaniss Pleads With
tin* Prosecution to Withdraw
Chanre, but Without Avail
The case of Edward Sproat, accused j
of concealing property with the in- .
tention of defrauding his creditors,
was continued by Judge Fritz yester
day *or one wek by consent of coun
sel on both Bides. Sproat is one of
the two brothers v.ho conducted a
market at Eleventh and Market
streets and failed. After the failure it
was discovered that large amounts of j
produce and poultry- had been pur- t
chased from dealers and sold at less
than wholesale rates. The Board oi"
Trade instituted an inquiry and dis
covered that the proceeds of these
transactions approximated $60,000.
Sproat remains in the City Prison,
having been unable so far to secure
$20,000 bail which is exacted for his
liberation. His brother Samuel is un
der arrest at San Jose on a similar
charge and is stiil in custody.
Judge Fritz yesterday sentenced the
Imitative Chinaman to six months in
the County Jail. He enunciated the
opinion, in passing sentence, that the
yellow flood should carefully avoid
competing with native thieves, as that
line «;f industry was already over
crowded.
the Chink to the crossing by a nose and
recovered their belongings. Then they
turned him over to a policeman.
SO MONEY IS AVAILABLE
DRAMATIC SCENE AVERTED
POLICE .CLUB PRODUCED
Coroners Jury Inquires Into
Shooting of a Divekeeper
bv a Patron of the Bar
Heal Estate Man Is Scourged
on His Cross - Examination
in the Maude Lawrence Case
Alleged Swindler of Merchants Remains in Jail in
Default of Necessary Bail— Wonderful Watch
Cause of Contention— Cabaniss on Travelers
California Commissioners to
World's Fair AVH1 Not Erect
a Structure for This City
BETWEEN SPROAT AND LIBERTY
ARE TWENTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
LAYMANCE GETS
HARD GRILLING
REFUSE TO PAY
FOR BUILDING
SELF-DEFENSE
VERDICT GIVEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 11)04;
- Claus Meyn, a clerk.. was booked at
the City Prison yesterday by Detec
tive* Graham and Fitzgerald and Po
liceman Winxler on charges of burg
lary and passing a fictitious check. It
is alleged that Meyn broke into the
store of W. E." Harmes, Valencia
street, and stole a number of blank
checks and that he filled up on of the
checks, which he passed on W. J.
Ramsey, a dry goods merchant.
Accused of Doable Crime.
Ellis H. Swain, a dentist, secured a
warrant from Police Judge Conlan
yesterday for the arrest of A. W. Har
pending Jr. on .1 charge of passing a
fictitious check. Swain alleges that
Harpending passed a check for $159
on him on July 3 last, which he
cashed with John P. Glynn, saloon
keeper. Fourth and Mission streets.
The check was found to be worthless
and Swain bad to reimburse Glynn, -_
9
Up to you ;
Notice how \
Coffee ;
affects you. Quit and 1
see how well you feel 1
after 10 days on |
: Postum !
POSTUM CERE-X.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA.^ 1 -.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK
mSi LANGTRY
To-nlKbt and Wednesday Xi«St.
I "MRS. DEERING'S DIVORCE-"
Thursday. Friday acd 5at3rd*y X!gh!» and
Saturday Matinee. First Times Here oi
Sydney Grundy's
"THE DEGENERATES"
As played by Mrs. Lanstry for -WO cocsecuti-*
p«r?ori~ancea is London asd the Provinces.
Next Sun.. G*r— .aa Performance. B>u_enthaJ
and Kade'burg'a Comedy,
-ALS ICH WIEDERKAM."
B-GXBTSXffa 1TEXT M02TDAY, J__r. 33.
Tbe International Uusical Ccmedy Triumph.
A CHINESE HO N EY M 0 ON
Ccan pany of 10O. Seats R»ady Thursday.
ENTICING VAUDEVILLE!
Stein- Eretto Family: Stanley —nil
WOson; Kelly ami Violet te; Irrlng
Jones; Howard Thurston: Wallno
and Marinette; A*ra; White and
Simmons and Orpheum .Motion
Pictnre«.
n*aru!ar Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and b'unday. Prices. 10c. 23c
and SOp.
ALCAZAR'Tm"
General Manacer.
TO-NIGHT — ALL THIS W_— JC
MATLNEES SATURDAY aa4 SUN OAT.
The Cyclonic American Ootnedy.
MRS. sassr
JACK, jjysp-^.
Full cf Fun. Droll Tyj>*8 tlse TVestern \Vido~ .
tbe Pugilist, the Crushed Tragedian, th*
Auto Accident, the BuSalo Hunt tn« FoBr:a
of July Fete.
Evgs.. 25c to 73c: Mat.. Sat £ Sun . 15c to 50c.
MOX. NEXT— Fine Production of
THB MASQUBRADERS
BT HEXRY ARTHUR JOXE3.
u_.!ilr§AL M ££?
Be— £co — Mayer. Proprietors.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South «",
TO-NIGHT— ALL, THIS WEEK.
—ATINEES 9ATIRDAT AND SCNI>AT.
The Record-Breakinc Success.
A BOWERY GIRL
Greatest of Up-to-Date Meiodraniaa.
Sensations Without Number!
Jollity In Abundance!
Vivid FIr» Sc«n»! Dynamite Explosion!
Son* and Dance Specialties!
AIX. CENTRAL. FAVOIUTE3 IN CA3T.
DDirrC Evsntngs 10c to S»V.
rftllLJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 23c.
January 25tl» — The Majniacent Dnaatls
Spectacle. QUO VADI3.
OEAYES 1 MERRY MANIKINS
A_d a Oreat S_ow Ererr AX taxnoo- aad
_ve_I_x i_ t_e Heated T_ta:«x.
A CHINESE BABT IN THE INFANT INCU-
BATOR.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Mazs.
BABT LXOFAE3 ~tT TSZ ZOOt
AMATErR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c; ChiUrea. 3c.
TCqen Pboniay. Ask for 'The Cnatea."
Racing iililt^Racinji
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CAXJJTORNXA JOC__T CZ.CB.
Cam mendns January 4.
Racing Eae_ Week Day. R-Sa or Sbta—
Six or More Races Daily.
Races com ~enc« at 5:15 n. a. s!_— ».
For special trains ttorctns; at the track ta— •
6. P Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12.
12_o£ i:0O 1:3© or 2 o'clock. No smnktat t_
last t~o cars w hie— ar* r«s*r-«d tor Ladies
aod Uteir escorts.
XUtarnlnc trains lea-« track at 4:19 s_s
4:45 and imm edtately after ta« last rae*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAM-. President.
" PERCT W TRSAT. Secretary.
¦
JCISCE XLA2TEOTJS A"M^im~>i kntS.
LYRIC HALLJO-Nlght .'!»
. NEXT TO NEW TTVOU
Burton Holmes
LECTURES
Si_*ht SIBERIA
Marnllces: Colored Views
Realistic Motion Pletarea
TO-MORROW EV EXING. A—ASK _ _
The Fjords. Sltka and CT_*» Paa»
SATURDAY, SpeOal Matinee at S
YELLOWSTOXX PARK
' Seata 11. 00. 75c, 50c. at Sae— n _a. CUyr * &.'•
AD VEKTISEMZHTS.
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Chas. II. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal superrision for over 3O years. Allow no one*
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
*« Just-as-good " are but Experiments, and endanger the
health of Children— Experience against Kxpe7iment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing: Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its ajre is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Fevcrishne«s. It cures EHarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething: Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regrulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep*
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend,
The KM You Have Always Bought
-* S7 Bear s the Signature of __,
_r^_^ _— ______M__a~nH~_R_^^5^"
In Use For Over 30 Years.
TMC CCNT'UK CCSMRVt TT MURMV STWttT, NrWTORll CITY.
ADVERTISEM KXT.S.
THE BOARD OF
LONDON WINE MERCHANTS j
HAS SELECTED
DRYMONOPOLE
A5 THE BEST
CHAMPAGNE IN THE
/S ' WORLD
C/ MmpaS^
Paiflfi* DON'T FAIL TO
taiaiV tee the beautiful
\.V: COURT Lounging
Qfin room, the EMPIRE
<* UU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, tha
lirnnd louis xv par.
uiuuu LOR the u^
O j 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels | goo**- I
AMUSEMENTS.
GRANDS
StATINEE SATUKDAY— AU TUl Weel
THE SWEETKST STORT EVER TOLD
The Pretty Pastoral l>raz&a
ONE NIGHT IN JUNE
\A7iIHam J. Holmes
And an Excellent Cast
Begtnnins NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
IA/. H. TURNER
In a Splenilld Production of
DAVID HARUM
USUAL POPTLAR PRICES
TIVOLi;S55&
SECOND WEEK AND TREMENDOUS
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home.
A Military Sjwctacular Comic Op«ra by Stan-
islaus Stange aad JuIIaa Edwards.
Martial Music! Picturetqua Scenery! Xcrta-
•ra Soldiers and Sostbern Sweethearts!
MATiXEE EATUHDAT.
T."sua! Popular Prices 23c. &0c aad ~5o
Box Seats J I .CO
CALIFORNIA
fm THIS WEEK, ho^
Tae Successful Melodrama,
THEFATALWEDDING
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
LISBER *: CO.'S mecntflcent pro-
d 'jetton of Hall OUne's Power-
ral Play.
THE ETERNAL CITY
With EDWARD MORGAN aed tae
Entire ErlUiant New York Cast.
Special Music by Mascara!.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
¦ ' ¦ '
_____
How | Poured
They | In
A Line at 7:30 On* Block Lonr.
You Must Secure ' Seats Ahead, and Every-
body 'Wants to See
THE BEAUTY SHOP
The • On» Really Meritorious. DeligBtfutly
Fun=y Musical Comedy.
With "Or* All-Star" Cast.
MATINEES SATURDAY ANT) SUNDAY.
POPULAR PRICES.
ALBAMBRXTBEATER.
Saturday E-eninr. January 23, 1&04. at 8
o'clock.
Extraordinary Enter— Inment in Com seao— l-
. tlon of Venli'a Death
(Under the Ausclces of 'the Dally L'ltaiU).
r^"™ "^ Riyela's "™^"1
I Royal Italian Band J
Assisted by the "soloists, F. Aredano. Dona-
enico Rcsso. G. 8- '- WanrelL G. Cortes! and
Mrs. Lydla Btnrtetrant-Stertos;.
Selections Crom Ve»dPs operas. Sextet from
"I.acU," 'Wsjcner's •Tannhauser" and **A1-
bomblatt.** i Intermezzo from Mascarni's ••R*t-
clifl." . " ¦ -'
Reserved seats,' SOc and $1. Sale now oa at
i-fiaora-a * Clay/" Mask: Store.' V .'..'_.
COTTOLE2TC.
E*a "•*••• * • ' *V^J* • 'JEKSfa^^^MC m * • tr* f (I WV3
¦rH , • m . t^^^^Y^^Th •"*<£? • ¦35^1' "S^^^^fc^ M~ ." • *• * np JL t rvoCffiJ
|l You remember he met a Pieman* fi
H Were the Pieman's Pies made with Cottoleae ? i|
|| Oh, no; that was long ago, before Cottolene had ever beea gl
H Then the Pieman's Pies were made of Lard ? M
H They must have been Heavy. Hard and very unpleasant
|3 He did. That is why they fgii him Simple Simon. |vj
II Poor* Fellow! In his day there' was ; no Cottoleae, but bow pi
j "Cettolene covers a multitude of Pies. 11 M
j Cottufane win b« foocd *t (ood cracen. Sold oaly la sealed ptila. 20-pu* Catto- jia
I las* Primer, iUustrtted ia colors, from which abort U en« pact* Mat frto en request, pj
I '• Mad* only by THB BT. K. FAIEBATTK COMPANY, Dept. a6 ° ' CHICAGO. _ IJTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 19, 1904.
10
aitPET ***?ati:kg a~p _ cleasiso.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal: -"rice moderate;
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 5237. «
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPA ULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lnE\JVorks. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison at.: Al cleaning; 3c;- tel. Mission 225.
IIOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over.1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH *; CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlsslon 263.
CON KLIN'S Superior - Carpet-beating Works,
3.-'.3 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 28.
SI'IKITUALISM.
MRS. DR MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium: mining a specialty:
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love; readings by mail most
satisfactory. $2; readings dally. $1; develop-
lng clasa Thursday. 8 p. m. 602 Eddy «L
AUTOMATIC writing trance medium; readings
dally 1 to 6. 50c-$l; dr. Sun., Hon., Wed.
and Thur.. 2:30, 10c-25c. 11 Taylor, room 6.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavla: phone Scott 837.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle' Friday eve..
25c: «lt. dally. 1000 Harrison: tel. Mint 99t.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
night, lOe; readings dally. 619 McAllister st.
XV. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except'Sat., lCc: sit. 10 to 5. 148 Sixth St.
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium;
circle to-night, lCc; readings dally. 142 Cth.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S spiritual test meeting
to-night, 8 o'clock. 10c. 3250 22d st.
EDWARD EARI.E. 1OT.2 Ellis, readings «lally.
8:8© to 4; Mutneaa Sunday and Thurnday.
' CLAIRVOYANTS.
CASHMIRE CASHMH.E
310 Ellis, near Taylor.
The , Only Psychic Intermediator
of Secret Power In America.
Clairvoyant, Palmist. Trance Medium.
So Ktranse is her work, without word or
question tells you Just what you want to
know; tells your name In full and the name
of the one you will marry.
A— $1 THIS WEEK $1
Wonderful, bewildering. Is the work of
Cashmire. peer of all clairvoyants; her read-
ings are a revelation: advice on love, mar-
riage, courtship, business, mines; reunites
the separated; gives secret power to control
any one in 21 days; removes evil influences;
ilevelojis mediums; locates hidden treasure;
gives) names, dates, facts; readings by mall.
A— PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant
and Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false: tell who and when you will
.marry; in fact, I will tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can tell yourself: I
reunite the separated, restore lost affections,
cause happy marriage, give good luck, restore
lost, enersv: 10 a. m. to S d. ttui Sunday. 2 to 6.
326 O'Farrell st. Low f«» this week — SI.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma--
nently located at 17 Third at., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description. of the past. -reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur- In the future; if you are In trouble.
< discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this -great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in all
affairs of life: 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed; rradinss by. mail. Tel; Black 45C0.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1101 Market
et., cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered. Sir*
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date. of year
of birth; don't s»nd currency; senri postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. MARCELLA. just returned from ex-
tended tour, roads past, present and future
by ancient Egyptian egg method and Le Nor-
-mand cards: fee. $1. 16l."J Lyon St., bet.
Bush and Pine; phone Geary 2657. -
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and card
reader; business ftdviee: sittings daily, D a.m.
to 8 p.m. ; prices 25c up. 3S McAllister bt.
MRS. A. H.- KRONENRERG. palmist", clslr-
-v«yant, card rrader: when others fail try me;
good reading l('c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G. ave.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life. buslnpe3 advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 ith st.. near Market.
MI? S ZEMDAU. young gifted cJalr. and palmT;
names: I- SOl-. G $1. 714 Franklin.nr.G.G.avc.
MRS. BROWN, - clairvoyant, card reader, re-
tnoveJ from 132 6th to 23*4 6th; la. 25c. g. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c,
gent* 50c. 051 Mission St.. nr. Ctb open Sun.
MISS WARD, for a few days. 917 Marketer.
11-12: gives names, dates, facts. Hours 11-U
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller. 1> now at 317 Ellis st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2ti',4 Kcarny, room 20; ladies. 25c; gents, 50c.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 448 Vj Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
/WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call,
10 pages. In wrapper, for malHnr. $1 per year.
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan T"bldg!~ilarket
' and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun- i
. der: the only, device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling ¦ and excavating teeth without '
pain.. For demonstration call at offlce.
DR. - LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
—No. charge for" extracting, when ..plates are
made; "old plates made over like new; teeth
. from $8 per. set: extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings. 60c:
.plates. $5;; full set; all . work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
• .- Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. •,75c; silver, '35c: crowns." $2; no
.- pain; open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewltt.2O4Sutter
A! ARTHUR CHISHOLM,- surgeon dentist,
i ropm > 14. ; ; Phelan \ bulidins;; San Francisco. .
LODGING HOUSES FOR SAI-E Con.
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance.
Modern business methods In fine front offices.
Phone Black 3C07 or take elevator to 4 th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
DO you want a bis: transient house?
OXE that will clear S500 a month?
WE have that kind ot a house.
OFFERED at $1000 less than its value.
OWNER bas been called out ot the city.
GREATEST money-maker in San Francisco.
MARION GRIFFIN. 40G b.tamlner Building.
BARGAIN of the city; corner apartment-housn
of 150 rooms elegantly furnished, always full
and clearing $514 monthly: inexpensively oper-
ated compared with other houses of similar
character; low rent; will clear 40 per cent per
annum on purchase price.
MARION GRIFFIN, 406 Examiner Building
,WIFE In hospital causes sacrifice of 31 rooms;
>'£ block of Market; rent $110 with lease;
reduced to $1500; will take a flat In trade.
MARION GRIFFIN,' 406 Examiner Building.
XEW house, 4 blocks north of Market; SO
large, desirable rooms; low rent: 3-year
lease; most artistically furnished: will clear
$200 to $300 owing to management.
MARION GRIFFIN, 40(5 Examiner Building.
CORNER near City Hall; splendid, sunny: 23
rooms; steady, respectable roomers; rent $125;
profit exactly $145 monthly; don't fall to make
an offer to MARION GRIFFIN quick.
R. R. MEX are the roomers in my 80-room
house; rent $240; income $560; price $5000:
yet due for furniture. $2300; will exchange
equity for. real estate worth $2000. See my agt..
MA RIOX GRIFFIN, about It.
GENUINE bargain and GOOD HOME: 20
rooms on sunny corner north of Market; splen-
didly furnished; rent very reasonable; price
$2250 if sold this week. See MARION GRIF-
FIX.
ABSOLUTELY clean and respectable; 20 rooms
In heart of hlgn-toned portion of city: rent
only $100 per month; guaranteed to clear $!)O;
this is an opportunity seldom offered; if you
want this Fnap see my only azent, <
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406, Examiner Bldg.
S^XXY corner; 52-room bay-window house;
clears $341 month; 5-year lease; rent $225;
every room full of nunshine; If looking for
a respectable money-maker and good
Investment see my agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECT bandbox of a house; 24 rooms
on Slitter st. : tony and up-to-date; full of
steady roomers, but could be made to
clear $200 month. See MARION CRIFFIN.
LITTLE payment ($500) takes a 15-room
NE. corner 5 blocks north of Market: price
$1000; better !>ee it before buying elsewhere.
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner Building.
ENORMOUS dividends and safe as U. S. bomis;
new 48-room apartment-house c!-arlng $2070
yearly; price $4500. See MARION GRIFFIN.
VACANT— 82 rooms, north of Market: will
lease for 5 years $5Vi room and furnish to suit
tenant. MARION GRIFFIN Is my agent.
.¦ RISTOCRATIC'familyho-.->l on corner: fash-
ionable neighborhood; 50 rooms all outside; fur-
niture very best; carpets velvet; rent only
$*:jO; monthly profit >?459 shown by accurate
bok accounts: price reduced — $5500: terms
r, cash, balance monthly Installments to suit
buyer: cause dissolution ot partnership.-
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 4O«, ExamiDer Bldg.
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 MARKET. • 1026 MARKET.
(TELEPHONE JESSIE 2211.)
NEW AND MODERN LODGING AND APART-
MENT HOUSES.
flO rooms: corner: rent $300; long lease. $8000
10;'. rooms; hotel; reasonab!e rent *21.C00
2'»'0 rooms; elerrant furniture.. $11, COO
7<".rcoms; furnished by Sloan & C0..1 .$1">.WO
fu) rooms; hotel: central location.. $7500
70 rooms; rent $370; part cash.... $7000
4f. rooms: rent $12">: Sutter at ...$4700
Hi room! 1 : corner: swell location $3000
15 rooms; rent $R0; fine location 51S00
IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR CHEAPER
HOUF-F.S WE HAVE THEM ALSO.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1C20 MARKET."
A— K K EDO & CO. '¦ ¦ S 7 ~ ,
Phone Black 6S72. . 7C5 Market «t.
35 rs. ; cor. : transient hou?»: rent $125..$180t»
5." r?. ; Mission ft.; clears $150" month. .. 2000
24 rs. : Geary, cor.: new: bargain for... :S00O
11) rs.; »-or. Post; clears *1(;0 17<V>
21 rs.; Mls».«lon:.jiew: bargain..... 1200
10 rs.: Jones; rent $*!.">: cheap.. ........ .650
Others not advertised. Mon»y loaned.
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO., ~~
Phone B!*ek «J901, 777"4 Market St.
'¦ Bank Reference?. r- ¦ .
Any; House Sold on Zasy Terms.
A— C ROOMS, horse, good furniture: block of
¦ Market «t.; rant ?20; snap for $175. 777*i
Market st.
A— S-ROOM flat: elegantly furnished: Geary st:;
price $000: eayy terms. 777>4 Market st.
A— S ROOMS) nioefyTurniehed; pood loc: rent
only s<22 SO; bargain; J425. 777% Market st.
A— 10 ROQM&j nicely furnished: Hirht renms; rn
Geary; only $350. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
A— BARGAIN: .12 imp. and Mable, N. cf Market:
good fnmishlngs; piano, rev.-iriir machine: rent
%¦','<; pric*; $C50; cany terms. 777 ',i Market st.
A — GOOD buy; -14 rooms N. of Market: fur-
nlslied O.K.; rent $i!0; price ?C30. 777% Market.
A WEEK'S r.cws for C cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing; $1 per year.
t ' LOUGIXG-HOUSSSS WANTED. :
, AM looking for a good lodging-house; one that
> will -pay -a..- good percentage on Investment;
, if you have it give price and location. Boi
j 44S. Call office. • r :-
[ I WANT a medium-sized lodging-house In a
> desirable location; reasonable rent- Address
' box e72. Call. T
» WANTED — A lodglng-hous?. about 40 rooms.
) Box flSl. Call offlce. ! ,
) ' ' ' . "
> v LOr*C'I\(;-HOI!3l<*.S TO LET.
| LODGING-HOUSE. ; C3S-C4S Commercial st:
J ' notice j on .premises;, exceptional opportunity.
,....;;¦.« -. COLLECTION : OFFICES. ']'¦
¦ BAD tenants ejected for $*: collections made;
; city or country PACIFIC COLLECTION
, ¦ CO. 418 Montgomery, rooma 0-10: tel.-. MSB.
; COTTAGKj) TO _ LET. _/
, . COTTAGE,/ & ¦ rooms ¦', and bath.* ¦ large ." sunnj
yaiJ. 2<r£J Bush St.; $25.
"ARRIAGE painter, striper, letterer and fin-
isher wishes steady position; capable of :ore-
manshlp. J. TOilLJXSON. J2'J Minna »t,.
San Frapjisco. Cal.
BARTENDER, middle-aged German, steady
and sober, with Ions experience, desire* po-
sition In hotel or club; city or country. Box
412. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by experienced designer
and Bonaz operator: also art hand embroid-
erer, competent to take charge. Ad-ires* H.
F. C. DAUBE. 12J S. Clark st.. Chicago. V.I.
"OSITION wanted by reliable man. with h:«
own help, to do the work In a dairy, orchard
or grain ranch at a monthly salary and boara
himself: rood references. B. C, 77 Xinth »t.
ivAXTED — By a midc'Ie-aged man, a position
of any kind; handy with tools; can take car*
of boiler or run engine. Mtam or gasoline;
not afraid to work. Box 482. Cali offlce.
IN Eastern young man would like a position
aa private stableman or working around
place: understands horses thoroughly. Box
496. Call. "
["INNER and furnace man wants noaltlon 1"»
country shOD: experienced and bfst of rec-
ommendations. Address 125, Goldea West
Hotel. ___
industrious colored man wishes position aa
janitor, norter or butler: woman will do
t!ay'« work of any kind. 1022 Jackaon at.
iAX of Home education, 34. strong, reliab'a.
sober la warehouse, hotel or store. Hox
446. ¦ Call offlce. _
ASSISTANT gardener: position wantsd by ex.
perienced man; private place preferred; Ca-
nadian. age 34. Box 473. Call offleg.
rAXITOR work and errands by experienced
man; city references and bond IX required.
Box 747. Call offlce.
•"IRST-CLASS stationary englne*r deilres a
flrst-class poslticn. Address box 1003. Call
offlce. Oakland. •
SITUATION wanted by English— laa aa ralet
or Indoor servant; can cook for bachelor.
Aridress W. S.. box 330. Call.
STRONG youth, 19, German parentage, knowl-
edge of groceries and as porter, desires work*.
Box 312. Call. - •
"ARPENTER work wanted direct from owner*:
$3 or contract; flrst-class work; best of. refer-
ences. Box 439. Call office.
\N old gentleman desires position as collector
in doctor'a or any other offlce. Box 3S7, Call.
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position as
fchoolbov"; understands English some; studied
5 years In home. T. NAKAMURA. 606 Stock-
ton St.: tel. Main 608.
JAPANESE, a young, very honest hous» boy;
hl» work guaranteed to be first clasa: — -a*e«
?3 B0. 6OO Valencia St.; tel Church 1233.
JAPANESE rtud?nt wants to work coupl»
hours a day. H. S. K., 1329 Pine St.: teL
Larkin 2011.
JAPANESE strong man wants position to da
cooking and general housework. AKI, 1303*^
Castro street, city.
A JAPANICSE wants situation to do house-
work: has much experience. Address K.
MASDA, 110 OcMen Gate ave. _____
JAPAXESE wants position to. wash steps every
morning. Address JOE. 10C6 Hyde tt.
GOOD Chinese cock wishes position In private.
family. Address CHUNG WING. 9^2 Clay.
•TACl'VT. MASSAQ-g.
A — WRINKLES removed: flne complexion guar-
anteed; new method; CCc. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors, 704 Larkin St.: phone Polk 17.
FEATHER REAOVATWO.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Ff»th«»
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Ho— ard >167.
FI3AXCIAI,
COMPAXIE3 Incorporated, finance!" and stoc*
Coated. W. H. BITTXER. Lawyer and Fl-
nanclal Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels- bide.
PLATS TO LET.
A — H0USE3 and flats to let; an immense list;
• service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-250, Geary
St., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable fiats and houses ar*
listed in cur renting department; let us glva
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLIXG FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1030 Market St.; services abso-
lutely* free. _
LARGEST list of new fiats and houses: cail
for pr'nted list. LYON & IIOAG, 118 Mont-
gomery st.
HAYWARD. 2'i, off Harrison, near Klgath— 3
sunny flats, 3 rooms each; rent Js ond $1!.
I"KW sunny lower flat. 7 rooms and Lath; rent
$35. 3530 Sacramento st.
$7— LOWER flat and yard. 728 *i Harrison
st.. between Third and Fourth.
FLATS TO LET — FCIIMSHED.
FOR rent— Handsome furnished flat, with pi-
ano, in best residence section ot tha city.
Call at 2833 Washington st. «,
BEAUTIFUL furnished flat. 4 rooms and
bath. S3O. Apply 944 Van Xess ave.
FLATS FOU SALE — KIKMSHED.
FOR cale — Light sunny flat. 7 rooms, bath;
rent $35: well furnished; terms reasonable;
near City Hall, on McAllister. Box 4*4,
Call orflce.
FUUXlTtHK FOU SALE.
A — Brass beds, hair mattresses, weathered ma-
hogany, map!?, furn., handsome dining sutt.
draperies, curtains; tel. Page "13. 1006 Hatght.
FURNITURE. 0 rooms; good, clean; Goldea
Gate ave.: close In. Box 447. Call offlce.
UnMTlllE WAMED.
HIGHFST prices for furniture and — ids*. L. H.
BURD, auctloneer,131SMkt. ; tel.Howard 2756.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phono Hed «SX
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WA.-iTKD— FEMALE.
LAUNDRESS for family $30
Cook, no washing $it>
5 German cooks, with and without washing.
$30*33
2 parlor maids $25-$:'.i>
Second cook, sanitarium $35
Engll«h nurse, country $3O
Infant nurse $2."»
2 maids and seamstresses...- $25-530
Sv. - ed!sh. cook an-t nurse for same house....
$30 each
Chambermaid and laundress.... $39
Waitress, commercial hotel, country
. . . .• ; $25. fare, here
7 waitresses for hotels and restaurant? J23-JS
4 second girls, city 520-$25
55 house gin?, good places, best of wag's,
city nnd country. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
6 CO., 334 Sutter st.
A — COOK. $40: second girl, $23: housework;
girl. $r»5; v.altressi, $20; two second girls,
$25: cook and second girl, same house, <:5
ar.d $25: 5<> housework girls. $3t> to $U3.
MRS. NORTON. U13 Sutter st.
A COOIC for small hotel in country; J30; see
party here th!s morning. MISS PLUXKETT.
425 Sutter St., near Powell.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third St.. nes.r
Call building — Housekeeper, *25 month;
nursegirl. t2O montn. good home.
A — WANTED — Girls tr> learn hairdresslng,
manicuring-, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
tn 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to flU immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 oer we«k up: leading school ia
West, ga Geary »t,. room 13.
A— Girls to l»arn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $:0 per wit, up;
day and evenlnar class. 143 Stockton st..-r. 13.
A LADIES to learn all branches batrdreswlr.;
trade, manicuring, macsage. etc. 123H Mar-
ket st.. car. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and" eve, class; call. "
EEWIXO MACHINE OPERATORS AXD RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID 3ALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32*4 FREMONT ST. AXD 137.1
MISSION. XEAi: FIFTEENTH.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time, and return la
us: no mailing or canvassing; *;i weekly
earned:, materials free: enclose self-atl-
dressed/envelor* for particulars. ¦• Guarantee
* Co.. No. S4 Ninth s:.. Philadelphia. Pa.
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladies' waists and
children's wash suits. *::>£ Mission St.. third
floor. |
A— EXAMINER wanted on * ladles' and chil-
dren's wear. 05<t Mission *t.. third floor.
A — OPERATORS wanted to sew at home. €58
Mission St., third floor. '
WANTED— A cook for family of six. Call »t
1707 OctavU tu >4_H____*_____i
' cg-agsjnrPTTO-s. .
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market *U (
Eerd for circular. Why will you suffer.
tJWK>fOIA '<fcj^^A> U' »« A5Mr«MMWI» .
"Aeconllon.iannb_-rt & "knife plaiting; double '
stamps on rtr*ss linings. Stewart's button &
buttonhole factory.llO Taylor: tel.Fo!^om_;i_l.
McDOWELL Drersmaklrg & Millinery fkbooj-- j ;
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. IQU mki. -
EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHJER at CALIFORNIA "
BUSINESS COLLEGE; an army of workmen
are putting the finishing touches en our n«w
home. 901-925 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive echool has been one "
of the greatest successes of the west; ls.wu -j
square feet 33 roorcs, 45 student*, 18 teach-
ers. Write for 75-page illustrated catalogue.
The growing life end enthusiasm here will be
a constant Inspiration to you. -
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years: life scholarship.
$50: bookkeeping, shorthard, touch tynlcg.
arithmetic, 'sp-lling. etc.; positions secured: -
the college refurnished with new typewriters '.
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from 0 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian J
Musclo, principal; exceptional advantages:
largest school of the kind in the West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons* Hall. 414 Mason. '
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 21 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, tcuch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches: day *
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue, free. -
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges; "
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profss- *
• sor; day and evening seeslona. Phelan bids.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of j
, dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's clssfcta are now open for the season. [ .
A LARGER and better nchool than ever; enter I '
at once if you desire a good position: Gregg j
-horthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business -
College, 1236 Market st. i
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S. F.: a practical school of engineering: .
% complete equipment. Special catalogue free. (
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1S»4. Van ¦
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, Tir. City Hall. .
It" JOSEPH'S ACADEMY, Peralta Park, ¦
Berkeley, boarding school for boys under 15. .
BRO. GENEBERN*. Director.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgif.. Teutonia Hall. Howard at., near ¦
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
SPANISH.Freneh.etc.Prof.De Fillppe's Academy
of Ianjuages.320 Post;cstab'd lS71;ablest profs.
PIANO lessons, 2.'c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night claws.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. Cth.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pagei. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GET'youThelp at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICK and Housecleanlng Co., l.t'ti
Pine. nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Polk 36CC.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment otflce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415
Stockton; ttl. Grant IBS; expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Orflce. 115 Franklin St.; phone Folgom 285B.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main SIS'*.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 64O Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUXG American widow. Just from the East,
desires position as housekeeper, or would take
charge of hotel or boarding-house In some
mining town or camp, city or country: born*
more of an object than wages. .Address with
stamp. MRS. DELIA Z. DOMINGO, P. O.
lockbox 2013, San Francisco. Cal. *
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants a
position as housekeeper or assistant In Oak-
land or vicinity: moderate wages. Apply
box 1C06, Call offlce. Oakland. ¦-
THOROUGHLY competent young- Infants'
nurse wishes entire charge; delicate Infants'
food a specialty: 5 years' references. til2
Treat ave. •
NEAT, experienced woman wishes general
housework In small family: moderate wage*;
best city references. Call 1073*4 Market, r. 7.
PROTESTANT young woman desires to care
for children, assist upstair*: neat, reliable;
wages $25. Box 728, Call offlce. v
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper:
city or country: no children; wage3 $25.
Box 735. Call office.
LADIES' high-class dressmakln? and tailor-
ing; few more engagement! : city references.
Phone Polk 666. '
STHONG German-American girl w!sh«s house-
work In private family;'no letters answered.
752 Bryan st.
*
A YOUNG weman wants work by the day,
washing and house cleaning; U 50; carfare.
Address box 737. Call offlce. _
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter
wlsh«» position. Addresa EMMA BROWN.
164 Fourth Bt.
A LADY piano player wants a position, city or
country. 294 Xatoma st., near Fourth.
AX experienced girl wants waiting or kitchen
work In- Institution. Box 396. Call.
YOUNG girl (speaks Ger.) wishes light house-
work In refined family. Call 2331 Laguna st.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor and sultmaker.
cutter and fitter: gowns made at home or en-
gagements per day; only flrst-class work
done. E. C. BARSS. 120 Hyde st.. room 15;
tel. Sutter 3651.
WANTED — Position by young lady: experi-
enced capable doublo-entry bookkeeper and,
typewriter: unquestionable references. Box
:iS8. Call offlce.
POSITIOX as housekeeper by Eastern lady;
thoroughly competent and reliable; no ob-
jection to children: best references. Box
3U3. Call office. -
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse wishes a few
more engagements; terms. $10 to $15 a week.
Call or address MRS. WILSON. 943 Fotsom
' st.. near Sixth.
A YOUNG woman with a child wishes house-
keeping: no objection to country. Apply 177
South Park, in basement, city.
A STRONG woman wants work by day or
week: sleep home. Call or adCr- MRS.
NEWMAN. 320 Minna st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Offlce. cor. Duncan & Church its.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
RELIABLE young rear., 23 years of ase, de-
' sires a. position with dry goods or gents' fur-
nishing goods house; 5 years' experience;
California and Eastern refs. Box 730, Call.
YOUNG, sober man. age 23. wants a position
in city; store work or any other position;
good referepces. Box 726, Call office.
MAiN and wife desire positions on private
place; ccod hcrscman and gardener; wife
good cook. Address box 1CC5, Call. Oakland.
GOOI> paperhanain-, tinter and painter wishes
position In city 'or country: gocd at hotel
work. Box 734. Call offlce.
GROCERY clerk. C months' experience ""-wishes
steady oosltion in a retail store. 39 Syca-
. more ave. >
COLORED man and wife would like a situation
In country; can do anything. Bo.v3292. Call.
STRONG young man wants a place to 'earn
grocery business, wlthouCbar. Box 450, Call.
YOUNG man, sober. Industrious, wants posi-
tion as reader and companion to gent or lady,
sick or well; a trial will prove satisfactory &
least nsbl?: knows city. Box 741, Call.
APPRENTICE barber, cno year's experience,
wishes position. Address J. J. FARRELL,
2810 Sixteenth st. ......
MIDDLE-AGED man, speaking English and
Italian languages, desires position as delivery
roan In Oakland; understands care of horses
and can keep books; references. Address box
1002. Call office. Oakland.
A YOUNG man seeka a situation at handling
horses: can drive all sort* of horses, vicious
or otherwise; the care of horses my sp«-
clalty; conntry preferred. Box 440., Call. -
STEADY, energetic man wants position as
talesman or collector: 'also understands book-
keeping; good references. Box 361. Call.
A COLORED man wishes position aa cook,
, waiter, or choreman. Box 455, Ca U. .
nUSlXESS^ CHANCES^Cjnnj^nned^^
IOC-ROOM family hotel on finest street In
oltv: grand new building; beautiful entrance:
r.«?w an.l luxuriously furnished, catering only
lo flrst-class trade; the cuisine unsurpassed;
hot and cold ocean water batns: every
equipment u» to date; clearing $1200 per
month: account of owner leaving city this j
fine hotel will be sacrificed 'or one-third less
t!ihn cost: if fold by February 1. price
i?ir..<j.«ft. Exclusively with CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
WANTILD — First-clpss restaurant man with
ynt-ae money to take dining-room kitchen in j
f.tv?llest apartment house In city; no other
rer.tai-rant within 5 blocks. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st. .
FOR sale or tra-"?— Quartz mine; flne prospect;
located in Ca! : assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'n-.g i:ouse or business. Cameron.:? Eddy.
FOR ss!e— Y\ r'.l-loc.-ited randy store: nil equip-
ped ror making own candies: established 5
years; clearing over S20O J*r month: mil In-
VOiC* about ?12'.O. CAMERON. 3 Eddy St.
HIGHEST cash price paid for stocks f>r nter- ,
chandi»e. See A. CAMERON fc CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR trade— Income-bearing city property Uv
stocks of merchandise; any amount. CAM-
ERON & CO.
FORsale^-One of the liest restaurants In city:
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $100 per day; will
bear investigation; price .MSOO: also one in
good location for $350. CAMERON &. CO.,
3 Eddy st. ¦
THE PACIFIC BUSINESS ASSOCIATION,
1148 Market, buys real estate and has
real eetate and businesses for gale, j
FOR ea)» — Kither th« goods or territory on a. !
flne article to put In the trade; a flne chance
for traveling salesman. Call on R. b. GRAF,
30 Post st.. room 15. _____
IF you have a delicatessen store or restaurant |
• you want to sell, or a good place to open one,
address box 434. Call offlce.
HAVE $50W; want partner with like amount for
paying business; must also give services.
A d"d reps box 48O, Call offlce.
FOR sale — Lumber yard; good location: excel-
lent chance to set a yard on small payment
down; no agents. Ecx 375, Call.
j?On sale— Complete dyeing and cleaning works;
good location. Box 2SC0. Call offlce.
WANTED — Clear stand: give price and loca-
tion. Cox 441. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Bakery and delicatessen store doing
flrst-class business. Box 3S3. Call offlce.
VERY low figure; well stocked. «good paying
cor. bazaar; must be sold. 1600 Devlsagero.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMEROX &. CO., » Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., ccr. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of buslnes* chances.
106-roo— i modern family hotel: swell loca-
tion; first-class trade: ocean baths; everything
up to date: clearing $1200 per month: will be
eaerfflefd for one-third less than cost to fur-
nUh; obliged to leave February 1; price ?lf>,-
000.
20 rooms: rent $75: 2 years" leas?: good per-
manent ar.d transient house; price $1200.
44 rooms; r.nt only $125; B years' lease; run-
ning water; everything in good condition;
clears $125 to $150 per month; price $2SC0.
19 rooms; corner; rent $05: call furniture;
pood carpets; hair mattresses; part cash, bal-
mce on time.
f.<3 rooms ; rent $250; 2 years' lease: well fur-
nished throughout; close in: first-class board-
ing-house; clearing $250 per month.
5 rooms and bath: rent ?1S; -rater free: new,
modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
220 rooms': grand, new, modern apartment-
houpe: elegantly furnished: swell location:
clearing $400 to $600 per month; golden oppor-
tunity.
30 rooms; rent $!>5; fine location: all on 2
flocrs; 3 years' leas?; clears $100; full; $2000.
125 rooms: first-class downtown house; 6-
year lease: cheap rent: private baths; doing
flne commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms: rent $125; good lease; flne location;
same apartments always full; clears $200.
11C rooms; new, elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house; one of the swellest In city; clear-
ing $500 to $<i00 month; sclendld opportunity.
7-room. new, modern flat: $450 cash, balance
on installments; Income $45; price $550.
24 rooms; rent $140: newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close in; always full.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building: flne entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per menth: 6-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
8 rooms: golden oak. fur.: Moquet carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer.
TO rooms; rent only $200; downtown house;
always full; clearing $200 to $300 month; new-
ly renovated and in flne condition.
15 rooms; Van Ness ave.; oak and mahogany
furniture; a barga!n if taken at once.
88 rooms; bonton location; elegant building;
luxuriously furnished: all modern conveniences;
grand entrance and haKs; strictly up to date;
called East by elckness.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets: clears $50: $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $800.
59 rooms: new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and un to date; hot and
cold water every room; $4000>cash necessary.
7 rooms; rent $3S; modern house; new furni-
ture; clears $50; only $100 cash, balance time.
14 rooms; rent $10; new and modern little
boarding-house: flne furniture: hair mattresses;
clearing over $200 month; price $10C0.
24 rooms: rent only $125; flrst-class condi-
tion; oak, mahogany, birdscye maple furni-
ture; extra line carpetp: clears $70; price
fJUi.i; half cash, balance -l*j per cent.
21 rooms; Howard st. : rent only $60: good
fur. and carpets; clearing $180 per month;
$(00 cash, balance time: price $0C0.
10 rooms: rent $50: close in; oak, birdseye
maple fur.; fln« carpets: elegant little transient
house; clears 5125; part cash; price $600.
15 rooms: Van Ness ave.: rent SS5; oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200; al-
most new.
S6 rooms: cheao rent: furnished last June;
oak furniture: Brn«*eU carpets; clears oVer
$2^0 per month: half cash, balance 1 per cent;
owner sick in bed.
50 rooms: Eush: rent only $162: good furni-
ture, carpets: clearing over $200 per month;
only 14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work; a enap.
31 rooms; rent $110; fur., tarpets new; clears
over $100 per mo.; 2 years' lease; wife sick in
hospital; part cash; $1500.
• 10 rooms; rent$45; new carpets; newly pa-
pered and painted; clears $30; $450 cash, bal-
ance time, i ¦
5 rooms: Geary: rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price ?200.
12 rooms; rent $C0; oek and rnahog v any fur.;
good caroets: flne yard and garden in rear;
brings in $60; leaves balance landlady; price
6 rooms; rent $35; oak fur., Brussels carpets;
3 rooms rented for' $28; price $300. -
8 rooms; new. modern flat: rent $45; all light:
cost $1000; will sacrifice, quick sale, $000.
C. K. IIINKLKY. PHONE MINT 796
1020 Market St., Opp. Fifth/
Former patrons my best references.
Reliable deahnpr. Easy terms. Clear titles.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part Cash.' Balance monthly payments.
16 rooms; Geary St.; speculation $750
SI rooms; sunny corner; rent $55.... ..'.?li;u0
. T rooms: I>»avenworth st; rent $30 $330
CO rooms; Market St.; lfquor license $»000
"17 rooms; Pine st.; clear 550 $700
0 rooms; Sutler st.*, partially furnlshed.$?»50
12 rooms-, California st.: rent $50; a snap.$750
31 rooms; Fourth and Market: a gift.:. $1500
10 rcoma; Geary St.: clears $4O; rent S2S.$5<>0
24 rooms: Leavenworth *t. : speculation. ?1!MX)
.10 rooms; Bush St.; rent $.'57.JiO; only. .. .${*>o
32 rooms; Market st. ; 5 years' lease $25ih)
; 1« rooms; bcardinto^ffcr wanted..... ...$1)00
17 rooms: rent $45; cJe*!rr»-4£fl_ ..;....". .*$«">0
1C0 rooms; grand eunny comer ; . . .$7000
, IS rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent ?I5 .7. $500
35 rooms; transient; lease .sir.Od
"20 rooms; lease; electric lights..,' :..tC5fl
S rooms; Post St.; rent $32; only... ,...$250
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE; MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED: LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE;
OWNER' LEAVING, TOWN*. BOX 2858
CALL OFFICE t
lu-IlOOM :¦ lodging-house ;¦'.¦• good location lor
transient ;.. on account of ¦ sickness. 3ox 462,
Call dffiee.
A PRI\'AT~. quick divorce for a email fee.
S~- me ixvu rave cioney: no pay In advance.
ti. W. HOWE. ATTORNny-AT-LAvy.
Hcuibltah-'l C2 yrs.: tm?. 1. 2, 3. 4 & 5. 1ft n.
1122 Ma;k?i el. between 2Ia«on and Taylor.
Advice free ail matters. Detectives employed.
R. W ICING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bl-lg..
Cth floor, fnirar.cf ic-oni fill: established tti
'. e«ri=: sjl rases; general court and ofSce prac-
tice; no foe '.a advance or for conaaltation;
rrcnlaga by appoir.tm-nt. Tel. Red 8061.
GEO. W\ AVKHILL: sdvics given In all crises;
tlrtojce, probate, basjcnifdcy and attachment
suits a cpeclaltr; practice In both State a:id
Federal courts. Rocm 4C*i, 4th f.oor. Parrott
bldg.. fCS Market St.; r-h««e Howard 2551.
DIVORCE — Corta, 512: iuiek. quiet; edvioe
fr«»-: open evenines. 027 Market ft., r. 301.
DIVORCE costs *12: <pen evenlnge: tenants
oj*?cted.$'t. t>16 Marker. r.C2: phene Black <ST»L
L. R. (LARK. SC7 S'arkat St.: consultation
fr'."p; r.o f i% es in advance; open evenings.
yAPTOMO PI LICSJ
ALMOST new i«i?am dos a dos, for -fsur t-eo-
].!c: coot *10.'.(': must sell; will take $500
cas-h. If !nt»r?*te<l lnve?tlgate this. P. O.
box 151. Oakland. .
nmns. dogs. ctc.
'wXrBLIXo' canaries, talking parroU; all
kinds cf sor.g and fancy birds; goldfish, seeds,
cvtttt. etc. Give us a trial; we will pleass
y<u. 154S Market st. '
Se'.Urz out Roller Canary Birds, males and fe-
mnles: Ool.iSnch Canary muleB. "1CS 16tn rt.
BUSINESS CHAKCKS.
A— 5^00; THE leading restaurant cf this city:
rent $1M): surrounded by :5 theaters; private
boses for laiilss: a first-class paying place.
• R. G. "VILKE. 2B*i Kcarny Et. t
A— SlfiOO: SALOON: rent S40; place doing a
poo.1 business; clearing for owner at least
$25U per month; patronized by merchants and
printers mostly; no night or Sunday work; a
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2«H
Kcarny et.
A— $1200: CORNER saloon on Clay St.. near
Front- mercantile lunch; rent $t">; establish-
ed years: (rood business. R. G. WILKE.
2G*-i Kearny st.
A— 55CO; CIGAR stand on California St.. near
Far.fomf; rent 510; value In sight; a place
whfre any man easily can clear $200 per
month. See R. G. WILKE. 2C»4 Kearny et,
A— iflCOO: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
just a few doors from Market et.; owners
clearing at least $300 per month; will give
trial to purchaser if he means business;
sirkr.«*ss r*f one of the partners only cause
or sale. If you Invest in this business your
money is well invested. See R. G. WILKE.
l'G". ? Keainy 6t.
A.— 44000; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; net rent $C5; lease; this In one of the
leading ar.d best paying places In this city;
no night work. Call R. G. WILKE. 2t}»4
Krarny «^ ¦.¦,?-.?
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton ets. ;
large stock: dean at least $250 per month;
full value i'.'. sight ; a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn. 1 cart. 1 electric
pisno; 10 years' lease; rent $43; price $3000;
business very good: that is all. For particu-
lars tee R. G. WILKE. SCH Kearny St.
A— $1500; BUTCHER shop in Western Addi-
tion: rent $40; weekly sale about 4 steers,
25 sheep: 1 horse, I wagon; daily receipts
about $40. See R. G. WILKE. 2<J»4 Kearny.
A — $1700: CORNER V grocery and bar on
Guerrero St.; lease; a good paying business;
fresh stock; all cash trade. Particulars K.
G WILKE. 26*4 Kcarny st.
A— $1400; CORNER grocery and bar on De-
vlsadero Et-.: owner has a flne paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compel him to
U axe for East. See R. G. WILKE. 26>4
Kearny st.
A— $600; DRY goods and notion Btore with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission et. ; splendid
chance for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. C«'4 Kearny st.
A— $1500; THE best oyster stand In Portland,
Or.; a man with flret-c'.a?s references can
l*ave j;00 stand on the business. See R. G.
WILKE. 'MM Kearny st.
A— $.">00 — BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms: dally receipts about $10;
rhoice«>t location in .tj;e . ilission. See R. G.
WILKE, 20^ Kearny ft.
A^ 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise in San Francisco; cleared
J67.0OO last >«r on 5100,000 capital; stock
Increased fSO.OOO to enlarge the plant; call
cr write for particulars.
GERMAN1A INVEST. CO,, 927 Market at.
FIFTEEN TEARS ESTABLISHED
Clr.tlifng, hat and furnishing goods store;
Jlo.Mrfj stock: four years lease to run:
K*arny et.. ea?t side, between Sutter and
Hush; .upper gallery and finished basement;
the reason for selling is the proprietor wishes
to devote his entire attention to his other
store. Address box 73t). Call offlce.
A— «00; PARTNER: well eeta Wished office
business; no experience required; $75 monthly
to each. See my agents. EUREKA RE-
ALTT CO.. 719 Market st.
A— tlZO; CICJAR stand: swell location: full
rtock; rent S15. EUREKA REALTY CO..
73 0 Market nt.
CALL and see the. list of lodging-houses from
C to 200 rocm;; cheap rents: hotels, road-
bouses, tajoens, restaurants, groceries, livery
c tables bought and sold and exchanged;
money loaned on chattels; millinery store to
exchange. F.ITKL It CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
Ot.'R new "Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
per cent In the past 22 days on Frisco races;
fcr proofs and references ask any sub-
scriber on cur list, or call and Investigate;
explanation free to regular subscribers at our
office only; commissions handled on this sys-
tem for 23 per cent of the net weekly profits.
Ter— js for our Handicap sheets. $2 per day or
flu per week. N. S. HAND, expert hanuicap-
p*r. rooms 1. 2 and 3. 113 Stockton St.. S. F.
I WANT a purty to Join me for one year in a
bisr mctfiey-malilne proposition In which I
have invested several hundred doUars; want
$^00 to J100 — -orking capital; with or with-
out services; wi!l deposit collateral to secure
your money and demonstrate Us feasibility
ami safety and allow pro rata of profits; no
trlCer*. Box 4CC, Call.
MUST be sold at once; rare chance; well estab- j
liFhed saloon bus. ; choicest location; only
principals needs apply. L. S., box 722, Call.
WANTF.D— Man~nlth small" "capita!; old oiu
tab!isli(d commiysioh burines?: no experi-
ence necf ?sary. Rox I0C7, Call. Oakland.
I WANT partner with J500 to start profitable
manufacturing business; none on coast. Box
109, Fruitvale.
FOR u*e or tmde — A patent right worth 51200
for a gro.-fry or saloon. Call or address 340
Dun/-*.n si., S. F.
OYBTEK-HOCEK for sale; center of Oakland.
•IC9 7th tt.. bet. Broadway and Washington.
EMPLOYMENT Office for sale cheap. Apply
27'i Fourth £t.
ON account cf having to leave the city, I will
tei 1 . my rettauiant. located en Hayes st., at
lire low price of $.'SCO: the rent Is very reason->
able. Address box 4S3. Call office.
PLANING mill for sale: complete mill, Im-
eluding sash and door machinery; flne loca-
tion; well established bu*lnes«; located in
Alarneda Co. Address P. O. box 347,Oakland.
WANTED — A restaurant in a good town or
city cm'.side of Ean Franci»co; please give
full cartlculars nnd rjrice asked. Address
box 488, Cali offlce.
WE ¦oil JodgSng-hon*es, restaurants, cigar
" fctar.df. all prices. $150 up; city and country
Z propTty., Beaton Real Estate Co., 8 Mason.
$1100 — CORNER house, 29 rooms: soutb of
- Market; rent $50. Boston Real . Estate Co..
8 Mas>on *t.
v FOR aale — Xewstand and branch poetofflee;
t taunt sell this week; rent reasonable and
;- price low. Address bos tftt. Call. .
J22SO— BUTCHER shop; elegantly fitted up;
- ppZendid location; flne trade; can be greatly
increased. Ros 4t:>. Call.
7 WANTED — A Fix-day restaurant In good loca-
, ticn: state full particulars. Box 013, Call.
~ CIGAR stand wanted en a gocd corner down-
town. Address with price, etc.. box tJ48, Call.
I WILL buy a butohcr Fhop In a good loca-
r. t!on: will pay cash. Box C3*. Call.
WANTED — Lady partner, bet. age of 30 and
40. in Good business. Box 481, Call office.,
o WANTED — Stationery and notion store: atate
i- price; rent, etc ¦ Box 443. Call.
l y SALOON for eale, north of Market st. Inquire
,. Goldea Eagle Ul«. Co., cor. Pine& Mcntgy.
FOR sale — $3T>0; country l.ackxmith chop;
j"_ good location. Apply 18 Beale st.
w FOR sale — O::t«:di' route on Call. Apply 3161
i- T-— eoty-fourth «t.
- CHEAPEST ana best »n America— The Weekly
Call. lti p=s«:«. sent to any address in • the
United £jates or Canada on* year tor *sl,
postage paid.
THEi^gfCAIIj I
JOH2T a. sPT^ccxm^rroviieto^^ \
VY. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEri'ONE.
KfU for THE CALL. The- Operator Will Con- j
netrt You WiU; the Department Jou «iw- .
! % ub:Scaticn Off.ce Market ar.d Third. S. F.
Kflltcrlai Room 217 L0 "^1 Steven*ou e..
IXllvrti b: Carrier-. 2'» Cts. Per :5 j
CtK Per Atont!.. Pinkie Copies j ( er.te
rcrir-e by Mall. luclucMii;r I'csiajjc iC_sS.v\ith
DA1LT CALL O-ClMd. SuaflajrJL 1 P»"»*J« j
DAILY CALL iinclud. i=unday». t> moa.. Ml ,
DAIL.T CALI 13y Sin*le Month <;*«
BVKDAX CALL. 1 Y«.ar —£
kVEI.KLY CALL, 1 Vt*T • • »•£•
Oailv IS M> I'f-r "tear Krtra .
E^fJi!? -J -unday 4.13 Por Ye«r Extra
POSTAGE. Lv.eekl>. l.<*> I*"' Year Lxtra i
ALL POSTMASTEKS AUK ATTHOniZED
TO RECEIVE SUB?CRIPTIONe.
fsrcple Copivt »i:i be forwarded when re-
qucfted.
ya:i rubscribers in ordering chence ot*i-
iivtt thouM te pwtleaUz io give bcth SEA
AND OLD ADDKEPS in order to Injure a
[:«^rapt and correct compliance »jth their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE.
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 1053
BERKELEY OFFICE. __
214S Center fitrett Telephone Ncnn n
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
MORTON V. CRANE H00 G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
-.•alcorf-Aftoria Hotel; A. Bretano, 31
Union Square; Murray HUt Hotel; Fifth -ave-
tiue Hottl and Koffrr.an House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: •
Fhermen House: V. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Trerr.ont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C nEOJ:i;K KHOGXESS. .Marquett* Building
<Lor.g Dic:ance Televhcne. -'Central 2619.'">
NEW YORK REPKESENTATIVE:
KTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BCSXSfKSS OFFICE of th» San Francisco
Cell oomer MerUet »n<1 Th!rd Ftreetn: open
until 12 o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
12' MontRomf-y street, ccrr.er Clay; open un-
til !•: 30 p. m".
300 Hsyr-s street; open ur.tll 9:30 p. m.
f^J» !l!cAllifter etiret; open until 0:30 p. m.
MS Lsrkin street: or*n until 9::>0 p. m.
IS41 MiEfion street; op^n until 10 p. m.
£2'">1 Mcrk^t street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til J< p. m.
I^W El»\cr;th Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
JOGC Valencia rtrerf; rpen until S p. m.
tCort*K-«1 eomer Church and Duncan streets ;
rj.fn until fl p. m.
Ko*t*3Te— I corner of Twenty-second end Ken-
tuck 6tr«e!j; or"'n until 9 p. m.
2VQ Fillmo»-e street: cfwe until 9 p. m.
>tEETI\G .NOTICKS.
;alifor:cia Ctepter No. 5. R. a. m., »
will nr-et THIS (TUESDAY) nVEN-VV
ING. January "!>, at 7 :.'{<> o'clock. /V\
Staud icetting ar.d R. A. degree. By
ordfi Ot th» H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAT. Secretary.
JOVDEJt GATE Lodre No. ~n. F. and _¦
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (Tl'ES- Vy
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. Sec- /^r\
ond degree. Ry order of W. M.
EDWIN L. METER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. Hi, F. and A. «
M— rirst degree THIS (TUESDAY) VV
EVENING at « o'clock. /V\
A. S. HL'BBARD. Secretary.
3«~i_.T>EN GATK Lodge No. r©4. .-j-ffi^r
I O O. F. -Members rs!=.-rr.b> '"^jSFyS^t&i
:¦• our lodgero m <n Tl"n.-i 'AY. "*J^*£&j&£
January 1J>, at 1 p. m.. to at- r
tend funeral cf our late brother. C. D. LAY-
TON. F. LUTLEY. N. G.
MYRTLE Lrrtge No. 1*1, K. of P. — -*S5i
KtiiFht rank <lcr.g fcrrr.) xi-lll be
Vonferred TCKSDAY EVENING. jg*&
January 10. Visiting brothers are _i2lS3?
••elcctne.
W. E. VON JOHANNSEN, C. C.
C. B. HOFFMAN. K. cf R. and P.
ANXI'AI. Meeting — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the lot ov.-ner* in the Mnsonlc cemetery
«v:!l t>e hcla at ih» Masonic Temple on TL'ES-
I'AY. February 2. Ift<i4. at :! o'clock p. m..
for the election of three trustee* and Fuch
business as may legally ccme before them.
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
ANXUAL Meetine— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The National Ice
Ompany * ill be held at th- office of the
company. 327 Market Ft., San Francisco, Cal.,
nn WEDNESDAY, the "1 day of February,
1WCM. fit th« hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of rleotinr a board of directors to
• -rve for the ensuing year arid the transac-
tion of such othfr business as may come
before the meeting.
J. T. DONAHUE, Secretary.
BTOCKHOLDERir MEETING (Annual)— To
the Stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Or— ;; try — Please taVe notice that th« an-
rral meeting of the stockholders of tbo
Oceanic Steamship Company ¦—ill be held at
th» principal offlce of the company (i. e..
K7 Market «t.. room «. i*cond f.ocr> In
the c'.ty and county of San Francisco, Bute
et California, en THURSDAY, the 21ft day
cf Jenuary. A, D. 1SK)4. at 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing directors and for
the transaction cf cuch other business as
way properly come before the meeting. Tte
rtock transfer bookx cf the company will b«
closed ten <10> days prior to said day of
tceetirg. By crder of the Board of Directors
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Oceanic Steam-
tbip Company. 227 Market et.. San Fran-
dfco. Cal.
NOTICE of ancual meeting — The regular an-
nual meeting of the rtockhoidera of the
«"ali'orr.la Gas and Electric Corporation will
be held at the office of the company, rlztb
f.oor. Rialto building. San Francisco Ca!..
on TUESDAY. January 2C. H»0». at the
hour of 2:15 p. m.. for «he purpose of elect-
ing a Beard of Directors to »>erve for the
ensuing year and to transact such other
tjvsinesp a« may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on January at
t o'clock p .— i.
C. W. CONLISK. Secretary.
Room «27, Rialto building, city.
THE annual meeting of the Association or
the HoHiIial for Children and Training
Frhool fcr Nur»«i will be held at *be hos-
pital. S700 California street on TKCRS-
f'AY. ,*8ni:nrv 14. 1UO4. at 1:30 p. m.
WJUTKTG.
HAVING recrni'y acquired through exchange
ftt iTojjerty three *4<) fcho:a"rships In the bc-?t
College of Advertising in the United State*,
1 will sell thfm i.x. 25 per cent discount for
<•«*!>: the college Teaches advertisement ¦wrft-
:r.g l?y ccrre*;>ona>ne»; ar.d aasteta Its grad-
uate* to eerure pc*it:or.5; cataicjrups fur-
-.'¦>hed on application. Addrew bos 3O2<5, Ceil.
AGENTS YVAXTED.
AT once — Fin 't-c'.r.w« orcr.ts to handle patent-
«-d novelties in San Francisco and A'.ameda
rr.untie*; fine c hence* for St. Louis Exposi-
tion: *r*-c:al leimH to rigbt parties. Apply
A- DOVE GARBUTT. Weftern Industrial
Co.. rear effW. 4CS Ninth st., Oakland, be-
tween lft and 1 p. m.. end 2 and 0 p. m.
GRAND opportunity: city or country territory;
b^wt c!l burner in the market for cock rtove?,
rar.res and irratre; reduces cost of fuel one-
half: agent* -ventrd everywhere. PCRFEC-
TION OIL BURNER CO.. t.P5 Mission *t.
AGENTS— An agency for a preposition that Is
a decided f— iproveir.ent en building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Cwiipaiiy. Parrott building.
ATTEKTI02T. rJCAKTirACT*JE.ER3.
BT infers, agt., accounts of Pacific Coari
mfKr*. of paper ar.d o'her staples and upe-
riaUle* fcr Chicago and vicinity. Box 32)3,
Call office.
"~ ASTROLOGY.
V.U5. J. FRANCIS, ¦¦troloj-ist: lessons: read-
ing*: r.cu— ¦ 10 to fi. gulte 30. Hotel Lanrhara
ATTOr.Xl*!YS-AT.>_A\V.
W. U. BITTNER.
/.TTOFNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phor.e South 743.
Suite S22. Err.ma Sprecke'.s building.
Divorce* quietly and legally obtained foi
e:ght causes; damages secured for Injuries t<
pe.i_7B or estate; replevins for property un-
la.viTul'*' fletatned; attnrhaients ond garnUn.
rr -.ent» for debts: bocdx furnlehed: bankruptc}
T>rcr ceding*: wills probared; e«ta.te« settled
collertlcxs ir.ade in all parts of the U. S.
ADVICE free — I uill advance cost in neritorl-
cur. cases; probate and all other la*
cfefes; no fees *n advance; open every even.
trqr. J- M. TIIURSTOIf. Sl» Market et.. r. 81
* ADVICE FREE.
Cc'.umbian _av ar.d Collection Agency,
Boom 55. yiXi Market et.; tel John CStf.
Yon Wsnt Your Wsnts To be Known lo nos& Who W3nc o l\now
A sleight-of-hand man oft brings strange things 'to pass.
Such as birds from a hat, many drinks from one glass.
But Want Ads in The Call do wonders indeed
In all sort? of linos — to this statement give heed,
.And if there should ever occasion arise
To make use of their help it will cause you surprise
To see the results, for a few cents thus spent «
pring at once what you want and of course give content. ,THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1904.
11
'trr.P .WAVTEH M \».r Con«;nn»i1.
A — MURRAY fc READT. 034-6^0 Cley St.
Phone Main SS4S.
Leading Employment ami Labor Agents.
!0K3 we gave . 1U04 we hope to
CU.OCO men work. increase CO.OoO.
Blacksmith, factory, city, ?2 50.
( 5 mucker*, gold mine. $87.
2 rockbrealur n:en, go'.d mine, $2 50 day.
Stablemen. .. " <
Engineer, nevr pump on ranch ; Shackleton,
engineer, report.
2 boiler makers, country rhr.p $3 MO day.
IT'S SOUTH
SHIP DAILY
ARIZONA, f close to PRESCOTT.
•^ -.ARIZONA (0..
HERE ARE OTHERS.
Cork and helper, ccuntrp hotel, fare ad-
vancrd. (M and found.
Farmer an^I wife, vary place, we boss here.
Nurseryman, near city. $26 found.
PRL'NERS.
( 1.1 piiiners, all counties. ?2C and found.
0 prunrrs. vineyard: .T pruners. orchard.
MURRAY & READY. <B4-<H0 Clay st.
a — v;ooncHOPrERs"
IT'S GOOD ITS? BIG.
Vt --¦ 25 Woodchoppers
Tc Cut Cordwood fr, r IJIr Lumb?r Company.
Prices :
Redwood SOc per cord
Pinewood $i 25 per cord
Hardwood $1 r>0 per cord
<5ood timber; fine ground to work on; steady
summer and winter; better go.
BIG MONEY CAN BE MADE.
MURRAY & READY. CM-CMS Clay st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. "near Mar-
Ret— 700 rooms; 23c eight; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
blcg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRT have a large nock of
new and second -hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d st
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Firth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, cllghtly damaged, half
price. £63 Mission it., bet. 1st and 2d ets.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mlislon St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOUSES A.\D WAGCXS.
35 HEAD of good work horses and mares, suit-
able for contractors or ranch work, must be
cold; auction Rales every Monday at 11
o'clock at Ellls-st. Stable. 615 Ellis st.; If
ycu want to bu>. se 1 or exchange anything
in our line jive us a call: all horses sold
from this establishment must be as repre-
tented. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — At Eclipse stable. 1375 Eddy st. —
1 epan bay marcs. 15-1 hands: weight 2200:
good drivers; 1 good plow team; 1 cheap
paddle horse.
FOR sale cheap; .1 pprlng business wagons,
new; one second-hand wagon. 16S0 Mission
5t., near Thirteenth.
FOR sale — Handsome trap, cheap. Box 3753.
Call office.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sar-
rey.harnesa.work.drivlng horses. 15th- Valencia.
HOCSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of bouses to let; send for cir-
cular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-239 Geary
it., en the equare.
JONEF. lfiOi* — Sunny modern house of 8 rooms;
marine view; rent reasonable.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of bouses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
INVESTMENTS.
BONDS STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dJvidend-paying securities for us.le.
GERMANIA INVEST CO . 327 Market st.
LOST AND FOUND.
STRAYED from Forty-eighth avetj near
park. 2 gray horses and 1 sorrel mare.
Finder please notify A. C. CAMPBELL. 524
Second st. Phone Mafn 134'J. or Fell 4332.
LOST— Friday night. 15-foot skiff. 2 pairs oars
a^d decoys; brass rowlocks fastened to
oars. Return to GEORGE, the fisherman, at
Pobrante; receive reward.
LOFT— Saturday night, black Alaska dog:
name "Knickoli" on collar. Tel. Howard
21.-.*. R. J. DILLON.
LOST — Part of a cuff link diamond setting;
reward. LOUIS PECK. 18 Montgomery ave.
LOST — January 15, purse containing girl's sal-
ary; reward. Return 1143 Oak st.
LOST— Saturday, patent papers, etc.. Market
and Third sts., or on cars to Cypress Lawn;
reward. J. K. JONES, tax offlce, Cjty Hall.
LOST— On Fillmore, bet. Haight and Fell, a
pair of rimless gold bridge eyeglasses. Lib-
eral reward return to 2217 Bush st.
LOST— Feather bca, between Lyric Hall and
833 Hyde st. Return to 633 Hyde; liberal
reward.
aiEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all femalt
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
1W guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAITS female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 DO by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st.
Dm. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hcurs, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. . Dr. Cottlngbam. 204 Sutter st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
tpecialist; a private home before and during
cccflnement: best medical care: low fees.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment; 1126 Market st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
DR. ROSEN resides 2305 Folsom st.. corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
BIISCEiJLANEOUS— FOR SALE,
POIL.ERS. engines. Zd-hand machinery. McIN-.
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
TRY ASBE&TOb tool paint and be convinced
ihat it is the only paint that will stop all
leaks in any rocf. either metal or shingle; It
is also the best preservative paint for all new
metal and shingle roofs, and makes the roof
last over twice as Ions than tainted with
any ether paints; It has no equal. Offlce. 419
• California St.. room 21: telephone James 5716.
DOES YOUR r.OOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good. over old
ire u. tin or «hingl?s; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713. Market St.
21? -HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— Fire suits. $7 50; dress pants. |2 50. Origi-
nal Mi«nt Clothing Parlors. 233 Kearny. St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — Buys, cells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, ocilers. water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
'tc. TVHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
A FINE selection of. trunks, suit cases and
tailor-made suits sold on email' weekly pay-
tncnts. Misfit Clothing Parlore. 25 Stockton.
A HANDSOME new Persian baby lamb pillow
muff and lam stole: cost $100; accept $"M.
| ¦• lOOtl Haicht St.: phone Page 718.
| TYPEWRITERS, slightly used. • sold at cost:
new Underwood visible . typewriter . catalog
cent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION* eale-^Best $2 R0 -ats, ft 50.
Pcpular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
• Pine: open to a p.. m. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foct-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express
, -charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
3. GREAT. Dane bloodhounds for sale. 404
Carolina Bt. |___ - ¦
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 328
. Butb st.. third floor, room 4
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— -jFOR SALE.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for building* and will wrtjeit
the largest bunding completely witaia 10
days.' Northwest corner Mission aad TectS
tti., efflce and yard.
EUILD on your unimproved realty; ' w* loaa
full ccst Improv. and part lot at 8 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$16C0 — 8-r.OOM house with lot. 23x100; 5i
Francis «t.. \<j block from MIshIoq cars.
P. COFFIN & CO.. 33CH Mission St.
2 NICE ievel lots en A at., near 6th ave.;
cheap. Apply I. Burgoyne, 211U Pt. Lobos av.
LATEST s> stem, sanitary plumblnz. Phone
Ahlhach & Mayer, plumbers. S3ft Howard st.
REAL ESTATE Country For Sale.
$10 A MONTH bays a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for bcoklet. It's free. 60S J et.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly cats,-,
legurs sent free. C. M. V.'OOSTER CO.. eiS
Market st.
roixT Ricimoxn _real^ e_stateT"
4 LOTS cheap for cosh. 323 Bush st.. room
4, third fleer.
WATER front lots and bargains', all tracts:
maps, photos. ' etc. BKLL. 417 Parrott bids.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
MCO— SNAP; S0xl20; 5 blocks frcm station;
running water and shrubbery: elegant place
for chicheus; 4 acres or in subdivisions;
Claremcnt ave.; easy terms; circular on ap-
plication.
$55 t>er foot for 50x150 on Warrine «t..
near Bancroft way; everything else $85.
I1S.0C0— Business block of 5 stores, with
10 rooms above; all rented: brings In 7 per
cent income: with email changes could be
larjely Increased.
$5750 — Beautiful house of 8 rooms: Hille-
gass ave.: near Dwlght way: extra well
built; all street work dons; nearly new.
. $2000 — 5 rooms ar.d bath; lot «Cxl2O; Bate-
mar. Tract, near College ave.; street work
done: easy terms.
$2500 — Let us build you a new. modern
house of fiv» rooms on Parker St.. near
Grove.; lot 40x1.15; street work done; thLi
is your chance to get a home at low price
and easy terms.
Fine cciner near new Santa Fe deoot at
*10.
$2225; 50x130; on Haste St.. near Dana;
' big bargain.
CHENEY & BERRT.
P. O. Block. Berkeley Station.
A FEW SN'APS. r *
$1250 — t-room cottage, close to cars station,
schools; lot 40x130; street work complete; $250
cash, balance $15 per month.
$2SC0 — A neat nice 6-room cottage and corner
lot: size 50x100; street work complete; electric
cars pass door; only 3*4 blocks from Ashby
station, Berkeley: situated at 2S2S Grove st. ;
terms can be had.
$2425 — A nice 2-story house of 7 rooms and
stable; lot 50x140; strpet work complete; 1
block of electric cars and only a short distance
from station; well worth $3000; call and ln-
• spect at once
$1000 — 4-room cottage; lot 40x134; street
work done.
L. J. MORAN & CO..
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley station.
BARGAINS — We buy. sell, exchange or build.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. """
$750 CASH. $10 monthly; shingled cottage of
3 rooms, summer kitchen, lovely garden,
large chicken run and chicken houses: good
well of water; 3 lots, 75x100; all fenced; nice
wide graded street; near U. S. postofflce, 2
stores, Town Hall, church and school: new
large school now being built; 2 blocks to
slectric cars: grand climate and view; away
from fogs and raw winds: adjoining East
Oakland; price all told $1300; call or send
for. circular, 455 Seventh St., opp. Broadway
station, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
OAKjLAXD^FtJRXlTURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in taml-
tcre. H. Schellhaas. 11th st-.cor.store.OaklanJ.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS, 611 — Nicely furnished sunny alcove
room; 2 sunny connecting rooms; gaa stoves.
FOLSOM. 647 — Lower part of house complete;
piano.
FRANKLIN. 45 — Sunny connecting house-
keeplng rooms; $15; also single, $6. $S. $10.
GEAKY.. 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suit* or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gaa; reasonable.
GEARY, 1381 — Elegantly furnished suite -of 3
rooms; drawing-room; single room.
JACKSON. 1511A — Two front rccms furnished
for housekeeping.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine »t..
near Hyde — Sunny 3-room furnished suites;
¦team beat: electric lighted; free b*Uu;
rates $30 up.
LARKIN. 1537. near Clay— Three handsome
furnished sunny rooms; 2 closets; 2 folding-
beds; $17.
1
MINNA. 514 — Nice rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
MODEL House, 1206 Stockton — Newly furnished
hskpg.. g[ngle rzrs.. $5-$12; gas, bath, phone.
POLK. 612— $14: bedroom, kitchen; gas stove,
bath; no children.
SHIPLEY. 261—2 rooms complete for house-
keeping; $3 month.
SUTTER. 2620— Furnished bedroom, dlning-
room. kitchen: yard; bath; parlor.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367— $12; 2 sunny house-
keeping rooms In the Mission warm belt.
BOOMS WAITTED — Housekeeping.
WANTED — 2 or 3 rooms, furnished for house-
keeplng; give rent. Box 665. Call.
APASTMSHT HOUSES. %
EL CARMELO — Beautiful apartment bouse;
Just comoleted. 1711) Washington St.. near
Van N>38 ave. ; 3, 4, 5 and « roods and bath
with each: finished in natural woods: tiled
bath rooms, etc.; genteel residence location;
convenient to car lines; rooms large and
sunny; must be seen to be appreciated.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine iind Taylor sts.: beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 118 Montgomery.
— '¦ -THE ALCALDE APARTMENTS
725 O'FARRELL ST.; Phone Pr. Ex. 700.
Two modern apartments of 3 rooms each,
with private baths and all the . conveniences
of a private hom»;
ST. CECILE, lift Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $53.
ST. LXDUIS.* 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-3
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
.HADDON HALL.
951 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
APABTMIIHTS WAHTSP.
WANTED — Apartment of 3 or 4 rooms, fur-
nished complete; state price; references.
Box 470. Cail.
FURNISHED 3-room apartment wanted;
must be reasonable. Box 6C0. Call.
ItOJJJlS^JTOLET--^
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sta. — New
. house, new furniture; every room outside:
modern and sunny; prices from $1 BO per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house In
this, vicinity: first-class grill attached. .
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth st.— Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
ABERDEEN". S36 Sutter — Just opened: ¦ hand-
somely fur.: cor. suites: bath: sun all day;
fine view; single naa.: tourists: excU location.
AT "The Almonte." STS Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.>— Rooms. 25c. SOc. $1. $150 night;
SI SO to $10 week: bouse open all nlgttt.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— For-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 2O4 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EIGHTEENTH. 39S6— Sunny good ~ room, par-
;tially furnished, $G month; private family.
ELLIS. 1749 — 3 • sunny, unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping . In modern flat; reasonable.
FILLMORE. 826. nr. • Me Alllster— Nicely . Cur-
nished room In flne locality: ear line passes
door; reasonable;, bath; g*s; phone.
FOLSOM, 574— Unfur. sunny rms. ; grate, closet.
. running water; small ones, from |1 mo. up. ,
HB -
ITiSLP \VAATKD— -FEMALE — Con.
V." '..'."rnD — A German or Scandinavian chl
for c-ooklnii anil tf»n«?ral JiouEewo-Jc- \v-k--s
$25. '.'^S York tt.. bet. 21st Jt 22d, off nryer.t
GOOD lh« woman: legitimate business. Call
lS>C5_Market Ft., rocra S, 2 to a n. rn.
COAT CntKber wanted. 31*0 Kerrny ft., room 1.
AVANTr3«j — Lunch waitress, frcnt 11 to -. Ap-
•JJR1. to h. lp :n kitchen nad Uinir^-room in-
_Ftituticr 1 _^|44._Suttcr st
*'IRL 'or bouMKurk and plain cooking; wages
S"5. :>;t.io Jackson st.
TOl'NG plrl to assist ia light housework; ref-
erencyg r-Tl California eu
CilPJ, for light >-.omt?work. U» Fourth st
L * T> Y to take cash and wait at rable. 25S
Fir*t ft.
TOUNG Firl Tor •r.n.-rni fcourowork and cook-
in*. C210 OjJral ave; car far* paid.
XAXEXTJ5D fcrsareur perforrrers. Apply at
_Chut*« <t -j, m. tVedaeaOa*: «»ii»rv m object.
GIRL <tf..h exrxrienre in priding office to
hf.M eary. ftc : reference. Address Exjw-
n(T,c«, b^x 743. Call offic?.
WAN*;cD — First-clEFs Sni»her»: also aprren-
U'y-a on vests. 230yi Ninth St., opposite
O'dtcemlna.
A QXBXJ muted far light housework. Apply
at 1521 Webster *t.
3L.ADY traveler for business house; permanent
position. Box 474. Call office.
OPTRA TORP »rjd rr-.achlr.e hands wanted at M.
Emi.NOrrs. 122S Market *t.
FIRyr-CLAFS Ft. r.opraphers furn'^he.l. Miss
M" G. Barrett. Instructor, 302 Montgomery.
A % BRANCH office of The Cail for the recep-
tior cf acverrisemrr.ts r.r.d s-jhscrtptiens has
b»*n opened at 100S Market «.. opposite
Fifth. Or en until 11 c. m.
ui;l:- WAJCTiiD— male.
AT*C. R. HAN'SEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S5
French ch^f, only one who has worked in the
<•!'•>• $123
~.Vaf8err.nn. country hotel. f4?-$-»ri and fd.:
one »ho tas worked in creameries pre-
ferred.
- waiters, help's hall, country hotel $25
Waiter, country hotel, north $25
Boy about 15 years to run elevator, no ex-
perlersce necsTtry. country hotel $15
Bus boy. erumtry hotel $25
P*eon<l hriid waiter, hotel, city $44-$.V)
Storekeeper, city hotel $35-«45
A locomotive bollermaker for Central Amer-
ica. J12 a day native currency, see party
Hostler for first-clap* h«->tel stable, country.
$35 and found; cr.e who has worked in
city livery EtaM^s.
<". R. HAXSEX & CO 429 Bush Ft.
-A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
526 — Montgromory St. — 526.
Phon* Main 1101 Cor. Clay Ft.
CPSTAIBS 1101 Main Phone.
OREGON Ship to-morrow OREGON.
Ct*l Miner*. $1 ton OREGON
Ln^ocoUv^ boiler maker. Central America,
*12 day native money FREE FARE
10 wCKXjchopperF. north, pood Job; planer-
rran. country. S.1 TM; stickerhan>i. country.
?Sjc hour; 5 families, with l>oys. country box
factory: blacksmith, dredger. $50 and found
u.vA increase.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2*5 Montgomery, R. 12.
Houseman. ?25; bar porter, $25.
WP.MAX laborer for ice house. SCO; Swiss
milker and wife. $C> and found; farmer and
"ortfe. ?.">?. no work for woman; cborcboy for
hotel, 120 and found; 2 hotel cooks, $40 and
• ?T0: eievatcr anl bell boy. $15 and found;
MttflT for o!ub. 545. and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. U2S Sacramento et.
-A— L U
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
acd K"ur» good petitions; catalogue and foil
lcformetlon mailed free. &XOLER System
(25 Clay st.
I— OQCO men everywhrre. copy letters home
oveaings; & 50 week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. S 4.
U>x 1411. Pbiladelphls, Pa.
ANTED— Steady, honest man for outsiJe
v.'-rk and collecting; salary $oO; $200 cash
tfnxjs.it required. 20 Montgomery, euite S.
ARBEIi Fhcp for ?a>; runn 4 chairs; steady
<Tntral location; would exchange for coun-
?ry fhoyi if in healthy place. Box 3296. Call.
N old estab'i*hed four-chair barber shop;
cood. paying businf*s and gool location;
price reasonable. Address box 740. Call.
BARBERS wanted. 627 Clay rt. Call oet.
9 ar.d 12 ra.
1 AGENTS wanted en new patent: immedi-
ately. Call from 4 to » p. m.. 540 Duncan st.
OOD, live errand bey; 14 cr 15 years: must
have reference. 535 Mark«-t St.
IRST-CLA&S baiber wants steady work. 607
Lasruna. st.. near Hayes..
'ANTED— Experienced lunch cock; steady
job; gooj ray. 130 Howard Ft.
A nT barb«?r desire^ position. Address box
721, Call office.
IPE fitter: fre^ far*. CALIFORNIA EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY. 14 2d. new Call bMg.
¦WANTED— A No. 1 cake baker helper. Call
7«a Market «C
"WANTED — Cooper. 24 Commercial at.
BOOTBLACK wanted, boy preferred, at Arena
barbfr rhor. mi Jefferson st.. Oakland.
BARBCl'.S — T»o-chalr outfit for sale; cheap
<1* Larkir. St.
WHT pey big prices to have your shoes haJf-
•oled when you can get It done for 25c. 10a
asd 60c while you wait at 563 Mission it..
bet. 1st and 2d su.. or 11 Third Bt.
WANTED— I0O men and «> women to take
part in "Quo Vadis." Apply Central Theater
Tuesday at 9 a. m.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON
477 and 478. Parrott building.
KIRST-CLAES t alocn porter wanted at 152 Eart
rt. ; call early; wages $8 to $UL
BARBERS — For sal#. two-chair shop: well fur-
nifhed; good businee*. Box 736. Call offlce.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sal*; established
•even years. Apply 222 Gougn *t.
TRT our ip.en's shoes, union made, at $1 and
• 1 60 per pair, foot-form choes at $2 50 or
«rtbcp«lic shoes. S3 50; best thoos on earth. 11
Third et . Exam. bldg.. 6 doors from Market.
KXPEJ11EXCED business men and wcrneo de-
fcirins mercantile position with good com-
pensation are requited to rail on the Rcyal
Mercantile Co.. suite 19. Columbian building
£1C Market Et-. or to 952 Broadway. Oakland!
UARBERS. take notice! — Th* offlce of secre-
tary and Free KroDloyment Bureau has re-
moved to 9 City Hall ave. or 1504 Market st..
¦ t Journeyman Barber*' Unica, Local 14S*
JCS. R. BLEILY.
V.' ANTED — Men and womt-n to learn the
fcarbtr trade: wajres paid while learning.
fail or «dJrfW WESTERN COLLEGE OK
IIARBER.S.O47 Commercial sC.San Francisco.
¦WANTED — An all around bookbinder; cn« who
caa do forwarding and finishing on full
lousAt Apply SAKBORX. VAIL & CO.. 741
Market rt.
v. ANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed r:clk!n Reno House proprietor, has
¦ Cded 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
71 7 Third st. : 250 rooms ; 25c to 50c per night.
THY cur rr.cn'* eboes. ur.icn raade. at $1 ana
fl £6 pair; font-form Ehces at $2 50; we pay
• \;.- j* or mall charges. 11 Sd rt.. f:t«t» bid.
iX'iAXMAKERS to learn ladies' tailoring,
¦ -_::!:-.;.' and Dttine: t*nns reasonabla. Ad-
<Jre«* HOENdG. S19 Post st.
i('j TOCNi* men of IS years, with srood char-
«~ter. to organize military organization.
: >'.i at (73 Vaieecia* ct.. bet. G ard S p. ra.
Yol'NG man exfceTienced in offlce work, one
who car do typewritiac preferred. Cox 4S5, 1
Call office.
ft MAN" who thoroughly understands the print-
ing business to-atti-.id to office: permanent:
references; experience. Address box 744. Call.
WANTED — A first-class carriage blacksmith
»i cwod «arta. Apoiy to A. MEISTKR &
yp.NS CO- Sacramento. f«>
j'FXSION ATTT, M. HARRIS. 4O EHU St.: 14 j
years practice; references from thoosxeds of.1
r*Jtoss *or whom I bare secured perjsiass.
L'ARBERS— r>Et 5- chair downtown shop for'
gale; rarty gtrincJEart. Bex CT.ft. CalL
WANTED — Men and voafo to l«*rn the,
l-arbcr trade; good chance. <g7.Clay rt.
1HJEIC1ANS to Join military band.. :2S Bush
**.. third floor, room 4.
THREE-CHAIR harbor &bop for sale; strictly ,
mode:n. 127 Third et
EAlLGItS and ordiBurr seamen, fnr deep-water
ah:j*. Apply DKXTS place.. 28 Steuart «U
»n_SCEJ^L^N]|^OC^FOn^^SALE-~CO | W J|
"'tc ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting.' tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
A ?i -KARAT diamond ring; old mine stone;
finest color; Tiffany setting; great bargain.
Mayflower. COS Th ! rd tt.. room. 16. 1 to 8 P- m.
MILES of pipe and fittings: ail sizes. EU-
GENE KILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st. \
SAFES ard cash registers, pew and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.
SOME good second-hand g-asoline"englnes.~l"to
12 H. P. cheap. E. B. & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chleagces. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACJGALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS ar.d safes; see the complete line at 1S16
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New *nd second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st <
NEW snd second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MFG. CO.. 519 Market st ."
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. . . - ' ;
Edl«cn phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machine*, films. Bacigalupl. C33 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st. - :
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; ail
make?. ALEXANDER A CO.. IIP Montg/.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market it, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 n. w.
.MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
MANUFACTURERS' agency wanted for New
York. C. FLUHR. 48 Broad St.. New York.
\ ANTED — To buy a steam merry-go-round
in ad order. Address box 458. Call offlce.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing: tend postal. MORRIS. 870 Folgom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Bth st. : tel Jessie 2851.
MOXEY TO LOAJJi; _
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
eOl-002-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by. dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates' and undivided In-
. tcrests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
. When You Need Money
S#e HERMAN MURPHY. ____*,
WILL LOAN
':*".'£ .-, A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
• Chattels. In city, town
or country.
fV^'v' Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars /
of property or chattels,
- Location, - etc.
Bex 40S, Call offlce.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
. liberal Edvances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
846 Market; tel. Main 1614. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. -10 Sixth St.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO ?10,000.
NEW "easy method — To wage-earners on unin-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; indorsed nctes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bullying.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. :;01 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; easy payments; no commission.
1170 Market fct., room 6S. ¦
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room SI. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bids.. "08 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Saw Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoreer. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL UPRIGHTS. • "~-~~~~~~-- .
Kimball, fancy walnut $30
Col lard $37
Steinway $50
Henry Hertz i....S78
Occidental $82
J. & C. Fischer $93
'3 Emersons. walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, same as new. each $187
Colby, cannot be told from new $235
Chickerlng $187
2 Steinways. large and small size, al-
most new $195-$325
Heine. $475 style, slightly used $2S5
And 200 others.
All pianos sold are guaranteed not to be de-
fective. Examine this list. We have never
had 6uch a great variety at so low a price.
Rents. $2 up; Installments. $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.
A FINE lot of bargains in second-hand pianos.
Including such makes as Steinway, Halnes
Bros.. Knabe, lizus. Foster, W r eber. Star,
Marshall & Wendell, Sterling and other
. makee. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 CFar-
rell et; no branches In San Francisco.
THIS week we shall offer some special prices
on stock that we desire to close out before
stock taking: a good stock to select from if
you come goon. THE ZENO MAUVA1S
MUSIC COMPANY. 7C9 Market st.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHKAP'S storage. 1C36 Market at
NEW pianos sold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sal©; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary rt. y
$65— UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany: nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister St.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano-
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe t a.2S5 O'Fanell!
60HMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
SUPERIOR violins.' zithers, old and nor! H~
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
OFFICES AND STORES TO JLET.
NICE flee, offlce to let: also fine front desk
room. Call at 410 California st. room 21.
PERSONALS. ~
A — DID you see the lady's . face
In drugstore windows?
Ono eidc young and beautiful.
The other old and wrinkled.
Examine this real and wonderful
Work now at my offlce.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
My prices reduced one-half for a few davs
longer.
Don't miss this exceptional offer.
Call or send for book — free
M. ELLA HARRIS.
Chemist and Skin Specialist, 7S1' O'Farrell.
PRIVATE Instructions given. to persons defl- '
cient In social manners and guarantee to i
enable them to feel at ea»e and at home al
parties, bails or any other social functions;
correspondence strictly private; can only
instruct two more pupils as my time is
limited. Address box. 407, Call.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair Im-
proves its growth,stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or . stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at- druggists', hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co. 133S
Polk st. ...
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating: machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 406 Geary.
A NEW idea, in Jewelry and Central American
curios. Indian curtains, draperies .'shawls.*
etc. :¦¦ the ' only store in the city that carries
this. FROWISS & SON. 1239 Polk, nr. Sutter.
NOT how cheap but how good I g the motto of
the i manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. *J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st. ,
PHYSICIAN/-15 yeara' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit Call or
address ¦ Central - Pharmacy. . 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter et ; fee 'moderate. ;
JIMMY CARROLL'S Academy of Boxing, and
General" Physical. Training School Is at the
, Lurline Baths.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms SOa
tc $1 SO night: $1 to 53 week: reading-room.
JESSIE. 3*3. east U. S. Mint— Furnlsiei
rooms; $5 and $•> per month.
MANHEIM. CS2 Sutter— Sunny front rooms;
strictly flrst class: transient.
O* FARRELL. 332— Handsomely furnished back
parlor; private family; rent reasonable.
O" FARRELL. 739 — Large sunny furnish*!
room: gas; bath; phone; rent reasonable;
reference*.
PE^RL. 32— Sunny front room for one or two
g^ntlerr.en: no signs.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 SO; week. S3
to $8: month. tS to $30; elevator en ground
floor; rooms with hot and> cold water: h»tftt
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Lacuna— A suoay
furnished single room; rent $7.
STEINER. 007—2 sunny connecting rooms:
man and wife or gentlemen singly; running
water; bath; phone: private family.
SUTTER. 1022^. nr. HyJe — 2 large sonny par-
lors and kitchen or laboratory; gas grate, etc.
TEHAMA. 15J— Elegant furnished room: Ger-
man: private family; $0 per month.
UNITED STATES 123 Eddy, near Market— 409
roams. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $S week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water la every
room; elevator, read.-roona; free bus; baggage
VAN NESS ave.. 519^ — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suit* for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—'
Mast convenient and respectable; TOO rooms:
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $3 week; elrrator:
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electrto light H»
every room: renm from 15c to $1 per nigh:.
75c to $5 per week: open all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions receded at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH fffflce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st.. opposite. Fifth.
Open until 11 pi m .
ROOMS AND DO.VRD.
HOTEL HATTON ™Z
977 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
BOARD and large sunny room tn a good lo-
cality; fine view of bay: ail conveniences;
$57 5U per month to a refined, quiet couple.
Box 477. Call.
BOARD, and nicely furnished front room;
everything new, neat and clean: can only ac-
commodate two persons; references. Box 393.
Call office.
ELEGANT frcnt. sunny alcove room: running;
water, gas. bath; suitable for 2. with board;
private family; also another room. 1234 Gold-
en Gate ave.: phone Steiner SCTOl ¦
CALIFORNIA. 1240— Most select location la
modern, elegantly furnished privau home;
table unsurpassed: marine vltw.
POWELL. 602. cor. Sutter— Largo sunny cor-
ner room for 2; terms reasonable: also slnglo
room. •• , -.
FINE rooms, with or without boarJ. on O. O.
Park entrance. 760 «th ave.. near Chutes.
LARGE sunny front room. $3 50 per wk. j oth-
era at $1 per wk. ; board, $3 23. 570 Harrison.
SUTTER. 967 (Crystal House) — Elegant rooms;
board optional; respectable; reasonable.
HOTEL ELSMEKE, 41S Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $40; single $23.
NEWPORT, 101S Pine, near Taylor— Largs sun^
ny suites: also single room; excellent table.
THE NIRA, 615 Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny suites; also single; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs: colored service; table specialty.
OTARRELL, 3C8 — Furnished rooms: horn*
cooking; German family; $8 per week.
POWELL, r>02, cor. Sutter — Large sunny corner
room for 2; terms reasonable: also single rm.
VAN NESS ave.. »44, comer O'Farrell— Board"
and room. $25 per month.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beea established at 1094
Valencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Board and pleasant room for an
elderly lady In a refloed. quiet family; a
homelike place; state rates. Box 423. Call.
BOARD and suite of rooms wanted for two>
adults in bcardlng-house or private family;
references exchanged. Box 4C0. Call.
WANTED — Board and 2 rooms for two adulta
and boy of 12; must be reasonable; stats
price. Box 465. Call.
A ROOM and board wanted for a rentleman:
give rates and location. Bot 415. Call office.
¦'_;.". r ROOM3 WANTED.
WANTED — Unfurnished: 3 rooms," kitchen;
bath, yard: state rent. Box- .1238. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES^
THE secretary of the St. Francis Girls' Di-
rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notics
that the following orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned boys and glrU havs been admittej
to the asylum at Central avenuu and Waller
street from July 1. 1903. to January 1. 1904:
Hazel Kane, tt yrs; Claire Kane, 2 yrs; Hazel
Roche. 10 yrs; Margaret Roche. 13 yrs; Lil-
lie Ivers. 7 yrs; Edna Ivers. K yrs: Joseph
Smid. 4 yrs; Ella Creque. 6 yrs 4 mos; Ger-
tie Robinson. 1 yr 11 mos; Edward Tansey.
7 yrs: Joseph Namoel. 5 yrs: Olander d»
Fresel, 6 yrs; Hannah Murphy, s yrs; Patriot
Murphy. 4 yrs; Timothy Murphy. 3 yrs: An-
nie Farren, 10 yrs: Manuel Silvera, 5 yrs 4>
mos; Andrew Varney. 5 yrs; Noble Varney,
4 yrs; Francis McCarthy. 8 yrs; El*i« Mc-
Carthy, 6 yrs; Irvin McCarthy. 4 yrs: Eve-
lyn McCarthy. 13 yrs; Allan McCarthy. UI
yrs; Paul Papeera, 3 yrs; Peril Papeera, 2
yrs; Francis Hornbeck. 12 yrs; George Bo-
han. 6 yrs; .Frank Cacace. 4 yrs; Annls
O'Connor. 10 yrs; Ruth Courtland. 11 yrs.
Daisy Sargent. 5 yrs 6 nios: Harry Hoiver-
*on 7 yrs; Mary Matthews. 6 yrs; Rose Mat-
thews 5 yrs; Frank Matthews. 2 yrs 9 mos:
Joseph Waters. « yrs C mos: Thomas Waters.
4 yrs 5 mos: Ruth Smith. 10 yrs: Mary Mag-
gio, 10 yrs: Raphael Maggio. 8 yrs: Louisa
Koenig, 9 yrs; John Reardon. (5 yrs; Eddl*
Reardon, 4 yrs; Mabel Adams. 8 yrs; Georg*
Adams C yrs; Frank Adams, 5 yrs: Harold
Spregue, 10 yrs; Lesley Spregue, 8 yrs; Mario
Drendand, 6 yrs: Victor Drendand. 3 yrs:
Loney Wolf. 2 yr» 6 mos: Stella Panla. lt>
yrs 6 mos: Dorothy Roe. 12 yrs: Mary Clark.
10 yrs; Agnes Clark. » yra 3 moa; Annt*
Clark T yrs; Catherine Clark. 8 yrs;. Frank
Iver3, 4 yrs; Madtlina Clark. 2 yrs; t>.iv;d
Mitchell. 8 yrs 4 mos; Roue Mitchell. 6 yra
11 mos; Catherine Coyle. 8 yr»: Dan Coyl«.
« yrs; Francis Coyle. 5 yrs; Hannah Coyle.
2 yrs: Francis Everdlns. 5 yrs: Thomas
Everding. 2 yrs: Mary Schlucb. 10 yrs;
George Vcsine. 3 yra; Leo Goethals. T yrs;
Herbert Kairies. 8 yrs; Rose Kalrles. * yrs;
Isabella Bedella, 7 yrs: Ellen Ante. 11 yr<;
George Tracy. <» yrs: George Hunter. 7 yr» 8
mos; Henry Foster. 8 yrs: Ev a Narvl*. 7
yrs: Josephine Narvis. R yrs; Ira Malnburg.
8 yrs: Leonard Malnburg. 7 yrs; Mary Caro-
line Nowlan. 8 yrs 11 mos.
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Piria
are best: safe, reliable; take nr» other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchest»r Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MKLBOUKNK School. Van Ness-MarlBPt — Cur»
In every C3se; individual teaching; no medi-
cine". Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
•Robrrt C. Marshall. 27. 501 Geary str-et.
and Reda Sics*. 22. city.
Louis II. Waas. 21. 115 Fillmore street, and
Lillian L Bennett. 13. 112 Fillmore street.
Alphonse F. Furney. 24, «42 Ellis street, and
Ma<gio Brown, IS, 1122 Post street.
Henry Wunderlv. 32. Sacramento, and Mar-
tha J. Cunningham. 2D. Sacramento.- .
- Fentus A. Pust. 21, 1O Bernal avenue, and
Margaret A. Lee. IS, 208 Fair Oaks street.
Bernard F. Toner, 27, 1937 Howard street,
and Josephine Collins. 19. 2»3CS Lombard- street.
Arthur W. Whailty, 27. Seattle, and Eleanor
D. Soper. 23. city.
Jam** T. Jorger.son. 31. S30 Ellis street, and
RosMle C. Poland. 31. 83O Ellis street.
- Michael J. Catuslch. 33. «24 Twentieth
street, ant] M-ry II. Pattenaude. 23. 174 Mln-
"^Henn? McLauahltn. 23, 33 Sixth street, and
Kathertne Cole. li>. Wilo Army Mrest.
Jamr* A. Demlns. 2.\ 313 Ellis street, and
Winifmi M. Palmer. 21. 522 Golden Gate ave.
Thomaa Murray. 30. city, and Mary O'Con-
nor. 21. city.
Loring A. Collins. 23. 120fl Union street, and
Bertha R, Ntuwald, 20r UG5 Filbert street.
Frank L. Durant. 2«. S3O Church street, and
Minnie R. Wisker. 32. 4O«8 Twonty-flfth street.
Charles H. A. Schilling. ».' 1427 Steiner
street, and Jessie H. Oeary. 2ft, Oakland.
BmS-MAEMABES-DEATHS
Birth. tr.arria.iTf and death not less sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either , cf the publication offices aad be
Continued on Faze Twelrtv
PERSONALS— Continued.
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo. ; ladies' suits made
¦ to order; first-class *nork: SlOi with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON, 3S0 Gear}-.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1S39 Polk st. ; consultation free; call cr write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 097 Mar-
ket St., room 203; phone South 7M.
AT leea than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st. •
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall, Howard st.. near
&th: Prof. - Fosterygoclety dancing taught.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 3(JJ> gut-
ter.-, r. 609. Miss Eaton, 23:1 Geary, room &S.-
SUPERFLUOUS • hair, moles perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson. 139 Post.
BonMarche Pants Co.; special $5 pants to or-
¦ der. Rooms 14 & 10. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44. I
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
¦. country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elpc-
--* trio needle.* Dr. & Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress panTs $2 50.
." Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 ; at all druggists'.
V PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press, $1; open Tueaday eve. also. 139 Post st
MME. NEERGARD. located at 212 Post: hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st. near deary. Phong Black 561.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR~cTc. O DONNELL^Offlce and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of womea.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 Market at. ¦ »*jva
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treat* all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at "667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 'Washington st.
WONG 'WOO. the famous herb doctor — AH dls-
ea&es cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
THE Phcenix. Savings, Building and Loan As-
sociation. 516 California st., San Francibco,
has declared a dividend for the six months
ending December 20. 1903, at the annual rate
of 9 per cent on general capital stock, t! per
cent on term certificates and 4^4 per cent on
Eavings accounts, the latter being withdraw-
able upen the same general terms and condi-
tions as tye usual with savings banks.
The Flwenix has a paid in capital of $1,-
000.000 and a reserve fund and surplus of
$210,000. Its directors are: A. A. Watkins,
president; Charles R. Bishop, vice president;
S. Prentiss Smith, treasurer; Clarence
Grange, secretary and managing director;
Gavin McNab, attorney; Charles E. Ladd and
George C. Boardman. - '
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home BulTT
Ing Society, Cth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 708 Market Ft., opposite Third
For the half-year ending 31st of December,
1803. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIO. Secretary.
STOR A GEAWTW A? E .SPJ^IJE?'
X^MToRTuir^toragT~&~Van^c?r^u7nlIureT,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third: phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell ats. ; tel. Prlve. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage:- advances made; 840
Mission et.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.; tel. Main 1S4O. Shipping at cut rate3.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10, $15, $20; second-
hand, $3. $5, $S: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st
$16 50 — NEW improved drop-head nickel-finish,
guaranteed 10 yrs. : IM-hand sewing machines
$2 50, $.'{. $4. 145 6th St.: tel. Jessie 3136.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. T
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st. "
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery Bt.
A typewriter at any rrl;e; agents Fay-Shole».
$100: Sun, $40: Commercial, $35; Portal. $25.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS & WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec Co.. 008 Market.
legal advertisements;
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPmi
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of Article Eight of the morteax*
from this Company to the Central Trust Com.
pany of. New York. Trustee, dated August 1
1699. this Company has set apart out of U»«
net income derived by it from the lines of
. railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
ty-five thousand dollars in trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there,
with and bids are hereby Invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to bn named by
the bidders, to the amount requisite to ex-
haust said sum. ' Such bids should be pre-
sented .to this Company at Its office, 120
Broadway, in the City of New York, on or
before i the 1st day of February, 1904, at
twelve o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed
•'Bids for Surrender of Central Paciflc Rail-
way Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
- - By E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
New York. January 2. 1904.
~ PRO I'U SALS.
PROPOSALS for shirting flannel, depot quar-
termaster's office, 30 New Montgomery st.,
San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 16, 1904.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received at
this 'office until 10 o'clock a. m., Monday.
Feb. 1, 1904, Paciflc Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing 325,000 yards
olive drab shirting flannel, to be subject tu
an Increase of 20 per cent if desired by this
Department. Bids will be opened for the
delivery of the same article at tl.e San Fran-
cisco, Boston. Chicago. Philadelphia and
New York depots. To avoid misunderstand-
ing as to the exact nature of the article to
be furnished, bidders: will carefully, examine
the standard sample and speculations. «o
that proposals may be submitted by them
with a full knowledge of what will be re-
quired, as an absolute compliance with the
standard and specifications will be Insisted
upon in the Inspection of the goods. Un-
guaranteed bids and bids upon samples dif-
fering from standard and specifications will
under no circumstances be entertained. Pro-
posal* for less quantity than advertised for
will be entertained. Bids • for delivery or
Inspection at other points than those named
above will not be considered. Early deliver-
ies are essential. Bidders must state in their
proposals the rate and 1 time of delivery
should contract be awarded to them. The
article advertised for is the same for which
bids will be opened at the other depots.
Preference will be given to articles of do-
mestic production- and manufacture,' condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (in-
eluding in the price of foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon) and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
loan production and manufacture produced
i oa the Paciflc Coast to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the ¦ public servica
there.. : The. Urtlted States reserves the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or
any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
furnished on application. Envelopes contain-
ing " proposals ¦ will be Indorsed "Proposals
for Shirting Flannel" and addressed to MA-
JOR C. A.- DEVOL, Quartermaster. U. S.
A., Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., January 19, 1904—
Seated proposals in triplicate, will- be re-
at this office until 11 a.* m.'. Friday.
January 29,"; 1904, ¦ and then- opened, ¦ for ."Do-
ing all the printing, and furnishing all ma-
terial • therefor. • that may , be required at
Headquarters Pacific Division during the re-
mainder of the; fiscal year, ending June 20,
1904." Preference will be given . to articles
of domestic t production or. manufacture, con-
: ditiens of quality and price (Including in. the
- price of foreign j productions or manufacture
the ¦ duty thereon), being equal. ¦ Th«i
United States 'reserves the right to, reject or
¦ accept < any or' all proposals In whole or 'in'
. part. •• Information furnished -on application
. . to ; undersigned. ¦ ' Envelopes containing pro--
•* posals . should •• be- -marked' "Proposals', for
'¦ Prlntingr.V and addressed - to WM. • S.- PAT-
TEN.' Assistant Quartermaster General, U.
- B. A.,' Chief Quartermaster.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
- AT AUCTION. . *
AT AUCTION.
""*•,' *'
10 PER CENT DOWN.
10 PER CENT EVERT SIX MONTHS
Until Tour Lot is Paid For.
Buy a lot now on Parnassus Heights, when
you have the opportunity to do so for such a
small amount cash.
ON THURSDAY. JANUARY 21. 1904.
At Our Salesroom.
"We Will Sell at Auction
50 Residence Lots fronting Golden Gate
Park, comprising these Z Blocks.
- _.S. y.
•» . i rSST^B™ "«7i» at m 5 ¦> I' 1 **
: .1, . . . . , ... "»
y * * \ * *\ *** • hi
> ' * » tr » • ¦ >:
< ¦ » ¦' . »• ' '*'
u ».Lul-» ¦!' x L
M M U C5 O « T^
L r-^-t€8»r^— ij 3 -
* « M I It
• n * * '
- i « » "
¦
T J r-^— —If-
being on H, Hugo and I streets. Fourth and
Fifth avenues; also 10 lots on east line of
Fourth avenue, between Hugo and I streets.
¦ •¦¦/'•'-' Unprecedented Terms.
For further particulars apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post street, or to
Branch office adjoining the property, cor. H
st. and Seventh ave. Open every day. Includ-
ing Sundays and holidays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 POST STREET.
Don't forget our auction on Thursday, Jann-
ary 21. 1&04, at 12 o'clock noon, at our office
and salesroom. 25 Post st. We will sell 69
park lots on Fourth and Fifth aves, Hugo. H
and I sts., on terms of only 10 per cent cash,
balance 10 per cent every six months. Street
work all done. Lots level and ready to build
en at once. Suitable for residence or flats.
Branch office on the property. Open Sundays.
$0.250 — Rents $02 50 per month: new building
containing 4 flats of 4 and 5- rooms and
bath each; lot 35x90: (6000 mortgage at
= ->>¦¦. 6 per cent can remain; Guerrero st.
»
$4,000 — Rents $t2 per month; 4 separate flats
of 4 rooms each; close to 3d st. and
Southern Pacific depot; lot has double
frontage.
$7,000 — Corner. 25x110; vicinity of Golden Gate
ave. and Steiner St.; front house of S
rooms and bath and 2 flats adjoining; all
In perfect condition. '.
$4,300— Downtown building lot; size 30x60 to
rear street; vicinity of California and
Stockton sts.; owner will exchange for
other city property.
$24.000— Large corner on 3d st., a few minutes'
walk from Market st.; present rents,
with old Improvements, $117 50 per
month; splendid buy.
$9,500 — Washington st., near Kearny; business
property; 2-story brick building;- store
and rooms above; rents $67 50 per month.
$12,000 — Oak st., near entrance to Golden Gate
Park; lot 25x137:0; new building of 3
separate flats of 6. 7 and 7 rooms and
bath each; rents $105 per month.
$5.500 — 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
Webster St., near Washington; excellent
location.
$7.500— Powell St.; lot 40x70; rents $75 pei
month; frame building; separate flats.
$18,500 — Rents $168 50 per month; large lot
48x137:6; brick and frame buildings;
stores and rooms above; under lease;
vicinity of Kearny and Pacific sta. ¦
$6,150 — Baker st., near California; 2 flats of 5
•¦-. r -.and 0 rooms and bath each; rents $600
per annum.
$11,750— Rents $92 per month: lot 25x160 to
rear street; Folsom st.. near Sixth; busi-
ness property.
$10,000— First St., near Howard; lot 23:6x137:6;
splendid site for new building; present
old frame improvements rent for %tXi per
month. _____
$16,000 — Washington st., near Walnut; new
•v* building of 2 separate flats; splendid ma-
rine view; rents $150 per month.
$14,000 — Howard St., near First: lot 25x85'
store and 2 -floors above; rents $82 50.
$7,000 — Howard St., near 22d; lot 25x122:6;
mortgage $3500 can remain; splendid res-
idence. 10 rooms and bath.
$16,000— Rents $12S per month; new building of
3 flats; pays 8 per cent net; Fillmore st •
splendid location.
SPECK & CO.. ~- ~~
667 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors
Full Charge Taken of Property.
17 PER CENT NET INVESTMENT.
$175.000 — Modern 6-story brick building: se-
cured lease to one tenant. *14C0 per
month; bank mortgage." $95,000, can
remain; by assuming mortgage, pa>»
17 per cent net; lot 68:9xn7:6.
CORNER NEAR MARKET ST.
$130.000 — First-street corner; new brick build-
ing; 10 years' lease to one tenant; 9400
square feet floor space; a very choice
¦ \ buy.
GREAT W* REHOUSE SITE.
$100.000 — Corner; Vownsend street; 275x275
feet, railrcad frontage; no better site
to be had; ?'J7,000 refused at auction.
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS.
$45.000— Lot 82x275; two frontages; 106 rooms;
rents $330: cne tenant; can be easily
leased at $400.
PACIFIC-AVENUE RESIDENCE.
$17,500 — Cheapest buy on Paciflc avenue;
hplendld residence; 15 rooms and 3
baths; lot 31x128.
POLK-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$20, COO— Stores and lodging-house; rents $15,-
. OCO: lot '30 feet frontage; pays over 9
per cent; $10,000 bank mortgage can
remain.'
. DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$1C,5CO — O' Farrell street, east of Van Xess
avenue; pays 10 per cent net by as-
suming $9000 bank mortgage; rents
$115; lot 27:6x120; two frontages.
BIG INTEREST-PAYING FLATS.
$25,000 — Corner; Western Addition; rent>
$230; lot 37:6x&5.
$22,500 — One-half block . from Market street;
rents $171; flne improvements; lot 75x
100; improvements modern. i
$19,000— Annual ' rents $21S5; i Golden Gate
Park; modern bay-window flats; lot
50x137:6; no better buy In Western
aTMBWfi 'Addition. ¦ i iWM *tfTW' I frti»V»«'Vw'' 'I
$16,000 — Geary street: 3 new bay-window flats:
'. . - ' . east Of Larkln street; rents $125.-
$10,000 — Two beautiful Post-street flats; close
to Gough street; 30 feet frontage; al-
. - ways rented; yearly rents $000. ¦>
$9,600— McAllister-street flats; rents $9C0
-S yearly; lot 25x137:6.
, $9,250 — Rents $98 50; ' business property, neat
r Sixth and Harrison streets; lot has two
frontaees. - -
$6.500-iYearIy - rents $924: Ritch street: lot
42x75;' pays 14 per cent net. .. - .
$5,000— Mvst be sold to close estate; Wash-
ington street; lot 50xll2:T3; worth $9500.
, $5,000— Yearly rents -$C24;' 2-story" building
-and stable for. 6 horses. ;
$1,600— Two . Sutter-«treet flats; 5 and 6
.ioorr«:lot 25x137:6; a good buy. . ,
"_¦-'•. \ SPECK-&-CO.; «67 -Market Street.
$S750 — ELEGANT new 2-ftat houses; income
$870 per year: substantially - built. - See
owner • on -: oremlsea. 1373. Masonic ave., bet.
-¦.-Waller, and Frederick st. / :',¦->_
LOTS,' N or 8 elde of Golden Gate : Park, pur-
chased by w. J. CUNN. 530 California al j
fe Wants You Want— Then Use a Want Advertisement in The CaffPetitions in Insolvency were filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court aa follows: William M Wln<
,?K^M d • r !fl nCer ' 1>oint Richmond.'
liabilities $459, assets none; John H
Lovejoy. printer. San Frandaco. lia
bilities $5608. assets $2825.
Petitions tn Insolvency.
••All right,'.' - said , Wha'rflniter ' Hogan : "we
will^have to move you and;willcneed only part
of "America- to doMt.".. Turning, to; the tele
phone Hogan .called up' Captain -'Brown, 1 Su
perintendent, of State ; Tug;?., ---Send a tug to
Beale street and move the ship Port Caledonia;
Send the. hill to the agents of the vessel. V
Five- minutes .later- the- tug t order was • re
called, for the captain's little d?cam had com«
Captain . : Manning - of', the .British, '. ship Port
Caledon'a- tet .up a little republic of 1:1s own
yesterday \ at Bcale-street wharf,' with him
self as president. " congress, army, "navy .and
police. .He'was asked to 'breast 'hit ship over
to Main-street wharf.- -.He' refused. "I have
paid', my ;- wharfage and all America cannot
make me move. my ship until my time expires
and lam ready to m." :., - , ¦; i •
Refuses to Man ;Ilis ' Ship.
Matters of Interest to 'Mariners and
V : -. Shipping ) M ercKariti. f. ; :
The schooner Willis A.'- Hol^en Us -under
i '¦¦ ¦"•...'..-¦¦ * -. :¦ \- ¦ -
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Interlocutory decrees .of ."'divorce
were granted yesterday (to 'NelHe. C.
Burke from Robert B.^urke for cru
elty; 'Dora A. Roath;fi*brri: Julius' N.
Roath, for desertion; 3larffaret Weir
from Andrew I. "Weir.V for -desertion;
Emolyne C. Halliday from John Hal 11
day, foi: desertion: and Daniel : Hawley
from Lottie Hawley, '. for / desertion.
Suits fqr. divorce were .'filed "by *F., R."
Lauber against Anna, Laiiber^ for de
sertion;; Nora E. r White -against
George W. ior ?• cruelty, i and
Ralph Raphael agrainst May Raphael,
for desertion. ;>¦ ". ; . .
In the Divorce Court.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18. — Post
offices discontinued— Oregron — -Olete,
Klamath County, mail to Lorella; Pur
sel, Jackson County, mail to: Buncom;
Garden Home, Douelaf County, mail
to Hillsdale. Washington— Hillsdale,
Whatcom County, mail ,to Blaine.
Postmaster commissioned -— Oregon
Fearless B.-Rigdon,!Ne"w Bridge.
Army.V orders — First' Lieutenant
Georee T. Bowman. Fifteenth Cavalry,
now. at San Francisco, to Fort Ethan
Allen, Vt. Leave of absence 'of one
month granted to Lieutenant Bow
man. First Lieutenant: Curtis.W. Ot-
Tvell, engineers, now at San' Francisco",
to Portland, Me. .. . - v
Washington Departments Issue ¦: Many
Orders Concerning Army and
Postal Service.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THK PACIFIC COAST
The army 'transport Buford . ppent. several
hours' yesterday steaming;, about thV bay while
Captain Ike ymlth of the tug Sloeum.ad4
justed her compaxses. The "¦; Warren' is still at
the Kir Jon 'Iron, Works. ,- V. - • ,-j- •¦¦¦¦ ¦
Adjusts Her Compasses.
Rev. John A. Dowie, : who ' prefers > to' b«
called Elijah II; his chief overseer. J.:S.'Ex
cell, and Zlonites C. T.; Stein.; A- 'X. Xew
coml> and Ernest Williams. -will be passengers
on the liner Sonoma, which- sails .Thursday for
the Antipodee. -. :•' .... *".
Dowic Will Be a Passenger.
" Stmr'Sunta Monica, Olsen. 4 days 12 hours
'from Grays Harbor: bound south; put In to
land '.passengers. • . ¦ ' -
.. Stmr State 6t California. Thomas, 44 hours
from San Olego and way port*.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe, 5»j days from Ta
consa. . .: . • - ¦
Stnir Coos. Bay, ¦ Nicolson, 73 hours from
Newport, etc. .
Ship Astral. Dunham. 145 days from Bal
timore. - • ¦•. •
Bktn James Johnson, Eenaeeke, 8 days from
KureVa. • ¦-,.-.. ' ¦ * , .
Schr Wm .- H \ Smith, : Hansen, 17 days from
Port Gamble. . - . .
"fchr Jo« Rus§. . Garfkf . 12 day» rrem Ai
toria. • -*'¦ : .-:,- '¦-.. > • ¦-. :>¦ -
CLEARED.
- • ."•• ' Monday, Janaary 18.
Stmr Nevadan. - Greene, • Honolulu and Ka
hului: .Williams,- Dlroond & Co.
Fr bark Nantes. Ricordel. Sydney; F Henry
¦ Schr Pearl. . Sodernolm. Sanak. Alaska Cojl
nsn Co;. - -¦ —¦ .- . ."
, ¦ ' . v SAILED.
' ' Monday, January 13.
. Stmr Chehalif, Martin, £an Pedro.
• Stn-.r ¦ Oregon. Doran.^ Astoria.
. Stmr. Cc:ronado, Peterson,' San .Pedro
¦ Stmr Olymnie. Hansen.. Fair haven
Stmr Francis H Leggett. Reiner, San Pedro
Stmr Navarro. -Weber. Eureka.
¦ . Stmr, Grten wood, Thompson. Albion River
Stmr Xevadan.\ Greene, Honolulu and ka
'\. Br shlD Alclnou^, MacCofmaJg, Sydney
Br ahlp. Duchalburn, Forbe«. Sydney
Sr e hr"v& M ". Kda T/ n< *' BrunnIn «. Portland. .
Schr.Nokomis. Hancen. Grays Harbor
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan -16. -1O d m— Weath*«
cloudy; wind SW. velocity 24 mlfes^er tour
. - DOMESTIC PORTS.
; ASTORIA—Arrived ¦ Jan ( 18— Fr bark Mar«
ch»l de .riir«nn#, from Port Ixm Angeles; bktn
Echo, hence Jan 9; schr E B Jackson, hence
Jan 12; schr W.F. Jewett.- from San Pedro.
Sailed. Jan IS— Stmr Geo W Elder, for Sa«
Francisco; ¦ stmr. Prentlss, for Saa Francisco;
Stmr Chehalis, Martin, S3 hours from Graya
Harbor; put in to la.nd passengers.
Stmr Oorenado. Peterson, BO hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Francis H.Leegett. Reiner.. 25 hours
from _ Eureka; bound for San Pedro, put In to
land 'pawngers.
Stmr Kureka.. Jessen, *21 hours from Eu
reka.- '
Stmr Jas '.Dollar. Th wing, OS hours from
Seattle.*? ¦.".•¦¦• . , ,
" . . Mcnflar. January 13.
Rtmr' Umatilla, Nosander, 60 hours from
•Victoria. ¦
Shipping -'Intelligence.
ARRI\*ED.
The big Brltiih bark \ Castor, b6und from
Java for,, Barbadoes, was ¦• quofed.' for reliuurt
ance yesterday at 10 per . cent. The other
ovenlues are posted at -the 'following "rates:
Paris, 90 per cent; Francesco Giuseppe. I, 15
per cent; Robert Kickmerrf, 15 per cent;'- Loch
Bredon. 90 par cent, and SUrtabsn. 70 per
cei:i. .: "¦¦ i ",.-•¦• .
The Orerdues Xtst.
The flm report of the new "season"! whaling
catch wit"* receivtd yesterday- from* Herschell
Island. The stpam Narwhal has -two
whale=, the lSmvhead one '-.and . th« .' whaling
schooner lionunzi so far' isielean. ' "¦ ¦ • •; ; ;
Tlie Whalins 'Catch.
The Japanese j stcamshfp -America Maru,
which sails January U5 and on >her, raturn to
the Orient TviH be taken •"oyer- by the,Qqvern
mer.t for & transport or dispatch: boat; wilj
earvy- only about 2i»> tens bt. cargo. . Asihls \h
not welKht enough to properiyrtrim her she will
take about t'OO tons of coal for ballast. '.
Will Take Coal for Ballast.
'41ft pkgs freah fruit. 72 pkga fresh vegetables,
.40.084 lbs eclt. 46.030 lbs malt. 123 bxs paste.
-11S5 lb* coffee, ICO lbs dried fish. 12,<»1 lbs
dried fruit. 31 pkgs groceries and provisions.
iilfi gals winfi, l'Jtt lbs hops. 57> cs canned
goods, 6473 lbs beans. 4300 lbs millstaff*. 415
lbs S.cs cheew, 1194 lbs peas, 9S0 lbs choco
latf, 406 lbs leaf tobacco. 4 cs paints. 30 pkgs
arms and ammunition. 7 plates ! steel. 1 cs
. leather, 3 pk«s dry good?. "."> bdls paper. 2 cs
drugs. 4 cs ¦ machinery. 11 bbls -pitch. S bb'.s
tar. 227 boiler tubes.
In -addition-, to- the foregoing ,th» steamer
.carried les canned goods, 1 cs electrical goods,
1 tn . photo . Roods and 1 cs lamps, valued at
?178. en route to, Suva. FIJI Islands.
• The steamer City of PuebU. .which sailed
oniSaturday for Victoria, carried an assorted
merchandise cargo consigned to the pert of
destination' and the ! principal British Colum
bian ports, valued at $t>23S. and including the
following: 5;
Exports for the Xorth.
• In addition- to the-cargo previously reported
thf steamer San Juan, which failed on Satur
day-for"-Panama and way • ports, carried 14
pkr* assaying Instruments, valued at $225. for
Mexico and 551 tons coal, 15' pkgs tools and S
pkgs hardware, 'valued at $4267, for Cenral
Amrrica. ¦ -»' ¦
Additional Carco.
Some of the oth<»r. coasters delayed
by the storm reached I port. " Others are
still on, the way. Thfe Cliehalis, Coro
nado.'Czarina, Santa Monica ; and James
Dollar;all; made, port." aud. ,each had a
story of stiff head winds'ahd v. ; aves
that washed the decks' and made a bur
den of: life for, all 6n v board." "
. The i Signal, f rom " Grays y HHrbor for
this port,; yesterday put: into Coos Bay
for coal,: having ; exhausted her fuel /in
the battle, against > the '^ gale/ The Mon
tara,'Elizabeth,- Chico, Arcata and Ti
tania are all ¦ more ' than - due", and will
probably reach port to-day. »
The Umatilla • carried ' eighty, cabin
passengers,* but not a- baker's dozen of
them appedred, in . the dining saloon at
meal times* after the stearnship rounded
Cape .Flattery. Among the" passengers
v.as a theatrical troupe, all .the mem
bers of which but the leading lady, who
was not seasick; signed a resolution fa
voring land transportation and declar
ing hunger and railroad ties preferable
to a sumptuous bill of fare on the un
easy .winter/Pacific.:... •¦• >
The Urnatilla. Captain Nopander,
probably had the hardest" tjme. She
reached port twenty-four hours late,
the trip from Victoria occupying sev
enty hours. All hands .wevq/worn out
and Captain Nopander.. who Svas on the
bridge most of -the passage, is prob
ably still in the arms of .-Morpheus,
making, up fcr the sleep, he '.did -not get
durlrjs the run from Puget Sound. The
Umatilla -was slowed d^ovvn during the
worst of the weather, but even that
did not save her from the mountains
of water that hurled themselves against
her stout, nose; poured like "a millrace
along her upper deckhand' made a con
tinuous cascade over -the stern. The
doors and windows of several state
rooms were smashed in and^few parts
of the steamship escaped some measure
of the deluge. So fiercely did the wind
blow that walking on decli was impos
sible for a landsman, full ;of danger
•or a Durser or. a -freight -clerk and
quite an undertakincr.for a 1 full grown,
active mariner. , ; '. '¦' \'P~*i ! l
The present climatic disturbance, tha
moisture of which is bringing joy to
the heart of the farmer r ancl other land
folk, is adding many fold to jEhe trou
bles of those, that go! down .to the sea
in coasting craft. For sailormen the
storm means mere hardships '-and in
creased danger and for .trie landlubber
passenger whose' stomach is" not sea
soned to th.e uds arid .downs of the
ocean woe. unutterable.. IV- number of
belated coasters reached /port yester
day and all told the same story of high
head seas, .howling, gales, .. hailstorms
and rain that descended in solid sheets
of water. - : '¦¦¦ * '- '•¦• s- ¦ j . •''
charter. to the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany for lumber from Kverett to San Pedro.
The French bark Vendee proceeds to sea tn
ballast. • • ...
Captain Max Dietrich^. commander of • the
North German Lloyd trai'rilng. ship HerzORin
Ceclllo, was married shortly. >. be-fore leaving
Germany en the present voyage."' His wife re
mained iu the Fctherland, hutMs'now, on hei
way to San Francisco and will- be the guest
of honor on the big ship until 'the, Cecllie. sails,
when Frau Dietrich will return] to '.Germany
by overland flyer and ocean. llnfr.-. . - ". ;
Will Visit Her Sailor -Husbaiid.
Thp ship Astral of the. Standard Oi! Com
pany's fiaet arrived off tiie; port yes
terday. 1*7 <iay« from Baltimore.' • .She.- Is
br'njtlr.g a cargo of c 'theAsiral was buil£
by the .«ewalls in 1000 aai.r ( i« rimllar in >lxe
and bu!!d to,the WllIIam.'^'/TToe.' which left
here a few weeks ago."- : . After , discharging
her. cent theWstralwill Bpiln .ballast-.to Hono
lulu, whore she will load p^jpir /or;Xew York:
Standard Oil Sh^- Arrives.
to an end. the republic of- Manning had struct
colors and the Port Caledonia-i wad already
movinc toward her cew. berth. 'The collier
Montara will to-Oay discharge . cargo j at , the
b;rth Captain Manning ifor a few • moments
thougM he own»d. ;. •'¦'-•.'• • - ¦• v '. '
1 TO arrive.
Steamer. From. I Du«.
Arctic Humboldt Jan. 19
Rival Willapa Harbor Jan. 19
Chico.. Coquille River Jan. 19
Elizabeth Co<iulll* River Jan. 19
O. Llndaucr.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 13
Montara Seattle Jan. Vi
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 1»
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Jin. 19
Empire I Cco« Bay & Pt. Oxford. [Jan. 1!»
Titanla ' Nanalmo Jan. 13
Homer (Grays Harbor (Jan. 13
S. Barbara... ! Seattle & Olympia. . . . . ! Jan. 19
Newburg (Grays Harbor [Jan. ID
Porno ] Point Arena & Albion. Jan. j»
Centralla Graj-3 Harbor Jan. .0
North Fork... Humboldt Jan. 20
City Sydney.. New York via Panama Jan. .iv
G.W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria Jan. 2(»
Pomona Humboldt '. Jan. 21
Santa Ro^a... San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 21
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Jan. 21
Bonlta Newport & Way Porta. Jan. 2t
Eurck* Humboldt jjan. 22
Queen.. 1 Puget Sound Ports.... ! Jan. TJ,
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor I Jan. '*2
Korea.. China & Japan [Jan. 23
Arcata Coos Pay & Pt. Orford.lJan. '-J4
Corona Humboldt !Jan. 2k
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma I Jan. U4
State of Cal.. j San Diego & Way Pts. (Jan. -5
Coos Bay (San Pedro & Way Ports! Jan. 25
Oregon {Portland & Astoria... .[Jan. 23
Alameda..... ) Honolulu iJan. 2*
CityPuebla.. ; Puget Sound Ports Jan. 27
Curacao i Mexican Ports Jan. 2T
Newport ! New York via Panama. Jan. 27
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom....jJan. 2S
Gaelic 'China & Japan "Jan.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. J Pier.
January 19. - I
laqua Humboldt 9 amfpier 2
Homer L©» Angeles Port». 10 am) Pier J
Czarina.... CooaBay direct IPler S
Klizabeth.. Coqullle River 5 pm[Pier 20
Eureka.... Huraboldt 8 un Pier U
S. Barbara. Loa Angeles Ports. 4 pm[Pler 2
Chlco Coquille Iilver | tt pm|Pler 2
Arcata CC03 B. & Pt Orfrd(12 m IPler 1J
January 20. I
Rival WUlapa Harbor... 4 pm]P1er 2O
Centra!!*.. Loa Angeles Port». 10 amjPter 10
Cocsliay.. San Pedro & Way. u amiPler 11
Corona Humboldt l:30p|Pler 9
January 31. )
UmatHla... PugerSound Ports. 11 am Pier <»
J. Dollar... Seattle * Tacoma. 5 pmlPter 20
O. Llndauet Grays Harbor 5 pmJPier 20
Sonoma.... Sydney 4 Way Pts 2 pm|Pier J
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion H pm|Pl«r 2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 atn[Pler M
January S3.
Arctic Humbolut 9 amfPier 2
Redondo..- Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm|Pl e r 2
Newburg.. Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler Ji»
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 0 praJPier Zi
January 23. 1
Pomona.... Humboldt l:"0pTliT 9
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcnoj 4 pmlPler J
Colon N. T. Tla Panama.)l2 mjpier 40
G. W. EHdet Astoria & Portland.il amIPier S*
North Fork Huinboldt I 5 pmlPler ZO
January 24. | j
E. Rosa San Diego & Way' 9 ami Pier 11
Bonlta....- Newport & Way,.| 8 am|Pler U
January 35. I I
A. Mara... China & Japan ( 1 pmlPler 40
- January 28. I
Queen Pugct Sound Ports.!U"amiP!er 9
San Pedro- Humboldt llo am Pier 2
January 23. I j
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. [ 5 pmlPler "<i
Oregon Astcrla & PortlandUl amIPier "4
Jannary 30. I
Alameda... j Honolulu HI amjpier 7
City Sydney X. Y. via Panama.jl^ mlPier 40
FROM SKATTLE.
Steruner. For. I Sails.
Farallon SXarnray & "Way Porta.tJan. 13
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. I Jan 22
Dolphin Skagvay & Way Ports. |Jan' 2t
Excelsior Cooks Inlet tt Way Pts. Feb 1
J. Dollar • Valdea & Way Porta..|F«b," ft
STEAMSHIP UMATH-.LA , WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY FROM THE NORTH MORE THAN* 24 HOURS LATE;
HAVING BUCKED HIGH WINDS AND TERRIFIC SEAS 'ALL. THE WAY FROM CAPE FLATTERY TO
. THE GOLDEN. GATE. __, „ ¦;.; ' . ¦- > /_. ,. ¦ •
Movements of Steamers.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort lVir.t. entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th*
Superintendent.
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 24
minutes later than at Fort Point; th« heigac
of tide is the can; at bcth places.
TUESDAY. JANUART 19.
Sun rises 7:23
Sun .sets 5: is
Moon sets 7:23 p. r.i.
C Timel JTlme Tlmel Tlmel
j 1 Ft. [ Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
• H "WJ jL W H W| L W|
IS 0:83 4.fl| 6:24 3.011:.''." 6.3 6:18—02
l'J 1:27 4.6. 6:04 a.0|12:16 6.1 «:4« 0.1
20 1:?» 4.7 «:45 3.0|l2 42 4.7 7:17 ft.4
21 2:27) 4.71 7:TO 2.SI 1:20 4.5 7:4S O.«
22 2:551 4.8! 3:20 2.7 2:07 4.2 8:28 1O
23 3:241 4.91 9:17 2.6) 3:02 3.81 »:07 1.5
2t I 3:f.9[ 5.0110:141 2.1| 4:07! 3.6| 0:.Vi| 1.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of th« tides
th.T early mornlrig tides are given la th« Xe'.z
hand column and the successtro tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time: th«
fourth time column gives tbe last tide- of th*
day. except when there, are but three tides, u
sometimes occurs. The- heights given are la
addition to tbe soundings of ths United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus < — >
slsn precedes th« height, and then the number
given Is subtracted frcm the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is tha meaa
of the lower low waters.
Time BalL
Branch Hydrographlc Office. C. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
January IS. 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of tha Ferry
building waa dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. c. at noon oC the 120th meridian, or at 3
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In char;*.
Sun, 3Ioon and Tide.
Charles W. Crans to Mary A. McQua'.de. lot !
on E line of Franklin street. 100 S of Oak, S
25 by 07:8; >10.
John and Harriet Cooper to "Winslow Ander
son, !ot on 8 line of Pacific street, 87:6 E of
Laruna. E 26 by S 127:8%; $10.
Daniel and Mary A. McNeill to Patrick H.
M. MeVey, lot on N lln- of Fell street, 107:6 W
of Octavia. W 30 by N 120; $10.
R. M. H. and Hertha Berndt to William D.
and Mary A. Qulnn, lot on W lin«s of Scott
street. 112:f. N of HalKht, N 25 by W 100: $10.
Estate of Leo Wallace (minor) (by J. F.
Wallace, guardian) to K. M. Wilson, undivided
sixteenth of lot 14, block 641, Point Lobos As
sociation: $50.
Elizabeth. Cornelius. Henry. James. Mangle
and Lena Wallace. E. M. and Mary Wilson
(Wallace) to John F. Wallace, same; $10.
Edwin S. and Rebecca C. Tucker to F. L.
Pritchanl. lot on S line of Haight street. 112:6
W of Central avenue, W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
John L. Harrison to George F. Lyon re
record 200! D 24S of lot on E line of Cole
street, 2~ :« S cf Frederick, S 30. E SO. S 30. E
25:7Vi. N K7:fl. W 2u:7H. S 27:fi, W 60- $10. '.
George F. Lyon to Jeremiah end Bridget
Deasy, lot on E line of Cole street, 27:6 S of
Frederick, S 30 hy E SO; J10.
Henry and Grace L. RosenfeM to Betty T.
Bryant, lot on S line of Jackson utreet 204 E
r.f First avenue, XK 10, SE 120:0U, S\V 70.
NW l2S:9?i to besinnins; $10.
Jane m. ard Anni- Flemlns to Sophie Wlir
ger. U>t or. N lln- of Fourteenth street. 250 W
of Valencia; W 25 by N 105; $10
Sophie Wlsrger to Jane M. 'and Annie Flem
ing-, same; 510. .
ptatp of Ludwig Altsehul iby Richard Alt
schul, exe rl ,tor) to William Fischer, lot on W
ilfl of J ' hur<:h ftr * ei - SO N of Seventeenth, N
60 by W 106:3; $4100.
c T l"" rPs!d<>nt and Board of Trustees of
Santa Clara college to Augustus J. Ranken.
lot on v. lin- of Sanchez street. 134 N of
Fourteenth, N 2S4 hy W 125; $10
Georgena F. Ilanken to same, same; $1.
Augustus J. Hnnken to Henry Klrchmann.
lot on \V line of Sanches street. lg<$ x of
Fourteenth, N 2fi by AV 125; $10.
Same, to Harold C. Holmes, lot on W lln*
of Fanehoj street, 2."?S N of Fourteenth, N 29
by W 125: 51f>. • y
Same to Marine A. Andrews, lot on W line
Z 1?- n^t z ptrf><?t . 318 N of Fourteenth. N 26
by\\ 12-»;$K*. •
Henry Mohr to Anna C. Mohr, lot on NW
N >r 00 t r./ f w' I in" t M0 1Xth * nd Folscim «treet«.
Estate of .lose.ih R. and John I. Hickey
(minors) by Michael T!jok e y (g-uerdfan) to Wil
liam «.. Spencer, lot on S line of Twenty-second
street. 2Of. K of Guerrero, B 2S by R 114; J15OO.
Mary Brclly to Eva M. Schoenfeld. lot on
E line of Fair Oak* street. P.V7U S of Twentv
tr.irn. S 2<J:4-%, K 1.-.2:*. K 27. W 133:8%: gift.
Western I-oan AssociaUon to William L.
nnd Frieda C. Ebert. lot on S line of airper
street. 130 W of Sancher, W 2T» by 8 114- $10
Julia II. Walter to Flora H. Walter, lot on
K line of Sansome street, 91:8 S of Pacific
K 9w by S 45:10, subjoining to alley of 5:10
alontf-R elde of lot; gift.
Annie and Mary Klnsella (alias Klnchela)
to Frederick K. Houston, lot on W line of
Taylor street, 65:9 S of Poet, S 25:10V£ by W
00: $10.
W. J. and Nellie Wynn to Louis and Nellie
Greenbiat. lot on NW line of Perry street, 205
SW -of Fourth. SW 25 by NW 80; $10.
Eertha and Peter Peterson to James Taylor,
lot on W line of Vermont street, 100 S of
Tvr?nty-thlrd. B 25 by W 100; $10.
Niels M. Petersen to Hennlnr P. Ottcn,
lot commencing 107:0 E of Fourth avenue and
350 S of Lake street, E 25, S 104:4, NW 25:13.
William D. Brown to Alice B. Brown, lot
on W line of Fourth avenue. 40O S of Lake
street, W 57 :C. S to California, E 57.SO5 N
71:6; S10.
Laura M. and Andrew Price to McEwen
nros.. lot on W line of Thirtv-nfth avenue,
300 N of B street, N 25 by W 120: $10.
Albert Meyer to Charles J. McCarthy, lot
on S line of H street. 82:6 W of Seventeenth
avenue, W 25 by'S 100: S10.
Henry and Marcharetha Hollman to Solo
mon Oetz. lot on E line of Seventeenth avenue
173 N of I street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Matilda A. Fllmer. Mary JlcCallundan, Eliz
abeth C ll'.c'nariison and Joseph A. West, Mary
J. Vi imams (West) and Sarah F. W. Robinson
to John Nightingale, lot on SW corner, of
Twenty-first avenue and I street, S to J street
at point 2.";:11 W of Twenty-flm avenue, NE
to Twenty-rtrst, N 245:4'4: $100.
American Land and Trust Company to Henry
Wilson, lot on W lire of Forty-second avenue
100 S of I street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Robert F. and Mary L. fiuckman to Owen
W. Otldwell. lot on E line of Twenty-flr«t ave
nue, 05 N of K r-treet. N 35 by E ISO- $10
Sarah E. Chandler to Lilla M. Lomax lot en
S line of S street. 107:0 W of Thirty-ninth ave
nue, W 25 by S ICO; $5.
Frank T. and Minnie M.-Dryden to McEwen
Eros., undlvioed half of lot on NW line of
California avenue. 270 SW of Fair SW 30 bv
NW 143:<!. Prtclta Valley lot 3C2:'.«1O "¦
Henry Mohr to Anna C. Mohr, lot on S line
of Sixth avenue, 50 W of L street, WSOhvs
400. block 122, Central Park; $10.
Chad Glllls to E. J. Kannglesser. lot on SE
line of Cherubusco street. 70O SW of Coso SK
140 by SW 25. lots 4«3 and 4S0. gift map 3; $10
Dennis Kelly to Mary Rue^g, lot on N lire
of Preclta street, 75 S of Foleoai, E 50 bv N
S.i'SSsV 23> s "• Prcclta ValleV
WIIHa-in H. and Elizabeth C. Cla-ence to
Denis and Minnie F. Cashman. lot on W line
or Elsie street, 75 S of Santa Marina, S 25 by
Holly^rk^O 7 :
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie
P. Farr.-iworth, executrix) to \yilliam P. Tocld
lot Hi. blctk C, Sunset Heights; $1000, '
Kannie P. Farnsworth to same, same- $10
William P. and Alice F. Todd to Robert M.
Fitzgerald, lot on E line of Lotta street 2V> S
of Parnassus avenue, S 25 by E 101 'lot in
block C, Sunset Heights: $J0.
Lakevlew and iJunnyside Improvement Com
pany to J. H. nnd J. B. Marshall, lots 59 to "2
block 17, I^kcview, quitclaim deed; $10 ,t '
J. II., J. B. aud Alice M. Marshall to 'The*
vlew-^»0 ' " and '*' bl ° Ck 17> Lttke *
Mary Gregen. alias Gregan or Gracen, to
Martin J. and Catherine G. Gragen. lot on S
line of Falcon road, CHli W of Douglass s'rect
W BO by S 121. E' 6O. N 121. lot 4?^llock •'*
Piocne Uobinson ftubdivlslon; gift. ]
Building Contracts.
D. C. Sheerin (owner) with William Little
(contractor and architect), all work for a one
story frame bui.'dlng in rear of premises at
7C0 and 762 McAllister street: total. $1133
Eva Morris (owner) with Howard T. Morris
(contractor). «UDerIntendent M. J. Blackman
all work for a five-room frame cottaee on the
£ y?K ot Farls street> 25 N * ot Persia avenue.
N 2.i by E 100, portion of block in. Excelsior
Homestead Association: total, $1400. <•
MONDAY, JANUART 18,
IU'IAXj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Seas Sweep Steamship's Decks From ¦•the Time She Rounds Flattery Until
the Golden Gate Js Passed---Staterooms Are Smashed In and Pas
senger's Suffer From Seasickness;— Qthler ; Overdue Coasters Arrive
UMATILLA ARRIVES FROM THE NORTH
AFTER A LONG AND STORMY PASSAGE
itmr AUtCmu. {or Kan Trancfaco; «tar Aa«
Jaa J7-8tmr Orecoman.
Sailed Jan IS— Stzar Jtaale. for 9aa rraa
etoco: »cfcr Otlver J OUen, for Saa p^£°-.
VALDEZ — Arrl-red Jan 1» — Subr 3*ewporT,
PORT "HAKFOBD-StlM Jan W. » P Vk—
ttmr Boalta tor San Pedro- »«•.-«.
COOS DAT— fiatled Jan IT— Stmr AUtom*.
Ur Ktn >"r«ncl»co; itmr MarthfleM. for baa
rnnrteco: starr Eciutre. for Sao Fraactaco.
Arrived Jan 17— Schr North B*nd. b«-nc»
Jan 7. Jan l&— Punr Signal, from Greys Har
bor: wkr Ivy. hence Jaa 10: mehr Ad»ent.
heoce Jan 10.
REDONDC»— Arrtver! Jan 13— Scbr Cham E
Fa!k. frcm Graya Harbor. " ,
EVERETT— ArrtTed Jan IS— Bark Colcma.
f r> m San Diego.
ISLAND POUTS.
HOXOLCLC-Arrtv«d Jan IT — WfcaIJnc;barfc
John a-nd Winthrop. hence D»c 2-S. Jai$ IS —
Bktn Klitdtat. from Pert Ladlow.
Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Korea, for San Fran
ia,EELE— Sailed Jan IS— Schr Kailua. for
Port Towus«nd.
MAKAWELI— Arri»e«l Jan 1C— Eark Star of
Bengal, hence Jan 4.
HANA- Arrived Jan 13— Schr James Rolpa.
hence Jan 1.
. EASTF.ItN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Sailed Jan 1«V— Sttnr Alaskan,
for Sa.n- Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA— Sailed Jan !«. and paswd
Reedy Island— Sh!^ Tillls E Starbuck. for
Honolulu. Tla New Tork.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Jan 16— Br : mrk Kil
nteny. hence 8ept 3.
MSLBOL'RXE — Arrived Jan 15 — Nor bark
City of Agra, from Eureka.
PHAWLE POINT— Passed Jan 1«— Br bark
Inverelyd<\ ber.ee Sept 2. for London.
AUCKLAND — Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Sierra,
henc.e Dec 31.
M!Ied Jan 15— Stmr Ventura, for San Ftan
dsco.
EAST LONDON— Sailed Jan 18— Schr F SI
Elade. for Grays Harbor.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jaa 18— Br ship GJen
burn. for San Fracciaco.
BRAKE — Arrived Jan 12— Swed bark Ed
wardtna, from ManzaniUo.
SUEZ — Arrived Jan 17 — Br »tmr ladrmai.
from Yokohama, for New Tork.
PORT SAID— Arrived Jan 17— U S tfxnr Kil
patrick, from N>w York, for Manila.
HARWICH— Arrived Jan 14— Or ship Chri»
tine. heno- Aog 22.
LIVKRPOOL — Arrived Jan 17— Br bark
Dumfriesa-shlre. benco Ans 29.
FALMOCTH- Arrived Jan 17— Fr bark Ed
oaard Detallle. hence Oct 3.
LONDON— Arrived Jan 18— Br lark Inter
clyde. hence Eept 2.
STDNET — Arrived Jan 17— Bark C E Ken
ny, frcm Eureka.
LA PAX— Arrived J*n 6— Schr Otillie Fjord,
and nailed Jan J> for TopotobamDo.
ANTWERP- Sailed Jan 17 — G«r shto 8e«
fahrer. for San Francisco.
PANAMA — Arrived Jan 18 — U S ftmn Ben
nlngton, Panl Jones and Preble. hence T*ec "O.
CORONEL— Arrived Jan IS — Stair Texan,
from New Tork, to sail Jan 1!» for San Fran
cisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan IS— Stmr Sicily.*
from Naples: «tmr »rerman<a. from Marseilles. *
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 1*— Stmr Iver
nia. from New York.
GENOA— Sailed Jan 1' — Ftmr L'erurla. f^r
New York: stmr Ilohenzollcrn. for N'ew York.
HAMBURG— Sailed Jan 18— Stmr Belgra
via, lor New York.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 19(te.
12
BIBTBS—MABBIAQE3— DEATHS
Continued From Page Eleven.
lnCcrsed with th« name and residenc* of per-
»on« authort«e4 to have th* same pablisnea.
Notice* restricted iimply to th« aooounoement
of the «vent are published once la thU columa
free of charge,
BORX.
DOZIER— la Berkeley. January 18. 1*04. to
the wife of Earnest DczJer, a. «on.
FAGAN — In this cltv. January 16. 1804. to thm
wife of George J. Fagan, a daughter.
LEW— In this city, January 16, 1904, to th«
wife of M. H. Lev;-, a >on»
3IAKIUED.
KAI.TMA.VX- HARRIS— In thin eity. January
17. W04. bv lie Kev. Hyman Samuelson,
Henry Knufmann of Oakiand and Koee Har-
ris of San F^rsnclRCO.
SIINT55— MENDELSOHN — In this city, Janu-
ary 17. 1V04. by tl-.e Rev. A. B. J. Brown.
Isidore Mintz and Sarah Mendelsohn, both
of Fan Francisco.
SPIEGEL— LIPSCOMB— In this city. January
17, 1WM. by the Rev. Georg* W. White, pa*-
tot cf Central ?V E. Church. Juliu* H. Spif-
and TJaude 11. Llpscomb. both of San
FVancieeo.
ZELMANOVITZ— GEIGER— In thi? city. Jan-
uary 10. 1304. hy the Kev. Hyman Samuel -
ton, Jacob Ze'.manovitz and Rerina Gelger.
both of San Fran^ro.
DIED.
Anflerron. F.ertha M. Huff. Harry R.
Archer. Harrv E. Keating, Cornelius
Pis*-.; .-.->. Marearct Kepi>!e. Daniel Z.
Bender. Thereea M. Kllmii. Thereea K.
. Bernstein. Herman I>aj ton. George D. ;
j • Braun. Charles Uhnan, Solomon
Brolly. Mary 3>ivls. Hannah M.
• Burke, Alice M. ilar.row. Joseph
Byrne. Michael J. Megelia. Minnie
Cardan. Ar.na M. M«rmotid, Francois
Cba»», Allc« Minnehaii. Tlnxothy
<l"lJTTord. Jame* J\. Mooar, Prof. G«org*
Collins. Kizabeth V-illfr.t. Johanna
Ccsptantin, John Oibourn*. Georre
De Spain. VCllllam Otto. Winiam H.
XJoe, Charles F. Pollock. David K.
. Dcsvrtia, Catharina Res»eguie. Ja». G.
Douglass. James M. Ryan. James P.
Evans, Thom&a £chuite, Rosa M.
Flllppellt, Maria Sleb*rt. Genevleve
Friedman. Icaac Smith, Fr*d
<>erlach. Anna M. Stone. Rut von J.
GolCberg. H113a Troseth. Albert I.
Grant, Raymond W-st, Amar.dx M.
Hanlon. Martha TV. White. Francis A.
Harrold. G««orre E. V.'olf. Louis
Kart>-, Maggie Wynn. Evelyn F.
ANDERSON— In ¦Wir.its, January 16. 1904.
Bertha Marie Anderson, mother of Albert.
Harold and C. M. Anderson, Laura Vajles
and P. C. Hanson, a nati\e of Norway,
aged CS y«-ars.
ARCHER — In this city. January 17. 1304.
Harry Edward, beloved eon of Edward and
tbe late Katberine Archer, and brother of
the late Katie Archer, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 20 years and 9 months.
C3^Kr;eriCi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tiierdayj. January J!». 19O4. at II
o'clock, at the home pf Mrs. M. Wal-
lace, S365 Twenty-third street, between Mis-
sion end Valencia. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland, by 1 o'clock Creek
Route boat.
BASSiLLIO— In tlii* city. January IS, 1904.
Marfraret, beloved tvife of the late Joseph
Jifif-s. ;,•¦¦-. mothor cf Jcseph I'.. John and
William liassillin, Mrs. Marcaret Bro*n,
Mn Albert Mau and the ute Catherine
Baf-sillio. and «ifter-in-!aw of Mrs. George
Nightingale, a native of Ttprerary. Ire-
land, a«r*d <>1 y«rs S months and 27 days.
CyFri«>ncs and acquaintances are re?i>ect-
_ fully invited to attend th>- funeral to-morrow
tUodnefi'ay), nt hilut o'clock, from her late
reFii'-nce, U'l*; L'nlon street, between Mont-
pem^ry and S.nsunie, ther.ee to Pt. Francis
Church, where a requf^ni high tr-ass will be
c*l»brated for the repese of h«r soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
<_>n}»tery.
BENDER — In this city. January 17. 1904.
Theresa Merle dearly beloved and only
child of Herman C. and Katie Bender, a
native of San FrancUco. aged u years 3
months and '.' days.
C^FriencJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvit<?'i to atte.nd the funeral to-day
«Tu*wlay). January 19. at 1 o'clock, from
the residence r.f her parent?. 1111 York street,
b"ttve*>n Tirenty-third and Twvnty-fourth
etrr^ty. Interment Mount Oiivrt Cpmeter> - .
BEP.NSTEIN— In this city January 17. l.'>04, '
Herman Bernstein, beloved husband of the. 1
late Rachel l^rnFtein, and father of Phillip ;
H.. Edward A. and Louis Bernstein end !
Mrs. J. famuli. Mrs B. Florentine and Mrs. |
B. Brilliant of San Fedro. Cal.. a native of I
Pruesia. aged 7:; yars p.nd 24 days. <Chl- !
cago and fjam Anceleg papfrs rlease copy.)
ET'FrienUs end acquaintances are respect-
iully invit»"i to attend the funeral to-day
<Tue* l lay). at 10 o'clock, from his late
r«*l<Je3c<% CT3 Fu!ton street, thence to Third
and Towcsend r'.rf^tf. by ll:.">0 train, for
!nt»rraent at Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
, JJBAl.'N — In th'* city, January 17, 1904.
Churles Urann. a native of Sn-fl«n. aged 40
y*>ar». A member cf Cocks' Lnson, Locai
No. 4«.
CT'Frier.'Js snd ar<jua<ntanc<»s are rerpect- J
. fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes- '
day, at 3 o'clock, frcm the parlors of Porter \
& White, 42:; Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Cvnress Lav.-n Cc-metery.
BRoM-T— In this city. Januarj" IS. 1»-T4. Mary
Kroily. wife of the late John C. Brolly, and I
oearly beloved mother of Mrs. Eva Schoen-
i>l«l and William J. Brolly, a native of '
County Arn-jigh. Ireland, aged IJS veers.
CTTriends and acquaUitances ore respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-n-.orrow
"WedneKiay). at *>:3f> o'clock. Irom her late
rezt-iaorr, S0O\i Fair O?ks street, near '
Twentj-thlri. thence to St. Jarr.e* Church,
»1"tc a solemn reauiem high man will be
oclcbrated for th« reDcs^ of her i«oul. com-
:nemin*r at » o'clork. Intermt-nt Holy Crcsa
Cemetery.
Bl'RKE— In thi* city, January IS. 3904, Alice
Manon. beloved daughter of Adeline and the
late James Burke, and granddaughter of
W. H. Burke, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1* year 10 months and 2 days.
C7"The funeral will take ulace to-morrow
<"Uedn*.<.da: >, at 1 ::;«• o'clock, from the re?:-
«l«nc«; of the. uarent, ."419 Sixteenth etrceu
'ntermert Holy Cross Cemetery.
BYRNE — In this city, January 17. lf»04
Michael J.. beloved son of the late Thoir.as
p-nd Bridget Byrne, and brother of the Rev.
Joseph and Henry F. Byrne and Mrs Pfaff
a. native of New Orleans La.
tT7"Th<- funeral will 'take olace to-day
(Tumi^ji. at lo o'clock, from St. Francis
Church, wh-re a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose ot his eoul. Inter-
ment private.
CAUDALL — In this city. January ;C. 1904.
Anna M.. dearly beloved wife of Tfil'iam f!
Cardal of Alameda. a native of Germany'
_ac::d_4G years nnd 8 months.
C^TKriendK and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atund the services to-day
<Tues<!ay>. January la. at 10:r.0 o'clock at
Trinity Episcopal Church, corner Gough 'and
Bu*h streets. Remains will De in state at
<hapel attached to church, commencing at
9:30 o'clock to-day (Monday). lntermsnt
I. O O. F. CenuteiT.
CHASE— In thi« city. January 15. 1304. Alice
Chas*. aced ax yeare.
CT Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
at i :S» o'clock, from the parlors of Porter
A- Whit*-, <2:{ Golden Gate avenuf.) Inter-
ment Cypress I awn Cemetery.
CL1FVOKI>— In this dty, January 18 X00I
.lames HuFsell Clifford, brother of T c
OlifTord r.r Worwilap.d and tin. Kate e'
. Mood of '.?(• Kills rtreet. this cliy. a native
€if Cal., ared 34 years and IS
ICT Remain.' will be shipped to Woodland
«.ai., fcr interment.
O'LLINS — In this city, January 17 1904
Elizabeth Co::inF. beloved Wife of Jeremiah
« o!..ns. Rnd lovir.z mother of John, Marv
Daniel and Nora Collins a native «r
D-runatra^ County Cork. Ireland aged €3
J'* 3 / 8 -,. 'Providence, H. I.. an d New Bed-
ford. Mass.. papers please copy.)
ETThe funeral wi'l take place to-day
?Tuesday), at h:SO o'clock front her lata
residence 1114 Erj'ant «tre«t. thence to St
Joseph*! Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her scul
<-oma:enc!ng at a o'clock. Interment Ho'y
Crosi Cemetery. **«.*
CONRTANTIN— In th'-a city, January 17 l»0J
-John Coidstantin. a native cf Greece, ared 48
yeats. A member of Cooks' Alliance No 4S
C7-Fr;en<ls end acquamtances are resnect-
; fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
«W*dnepday). from tbe Pan Fr»nci»co Turn
Wi-ein Hall. ZSi Turk «treet. where th» fu-
r.eral will be held under the auspices of Ean
* Francisco Tuttj Vercin at 1 o'clock. Crcma-
lior. Odd Fellows' Cf-meterj-. l>rnbins at the
parlor* of Thecdor Dierk*. 357 Mission street
hetween Fifth and Sixth. -
D '^ •f.r AI * N i~ I 2 thls cltJ '- Jan u«ry 18. 1SW4,
yiil.lam de Soain. beloved father of Ernest
dj hcain and Mr*. Inez Clements, a native
"> Mlss-juii, ased 63 years 4 months and 24
DOE-— Za thia city, January 16. J9O4. Charles '
F. I>oe. a native of Par«onsn>:<J. M e ated
7l» '/eara S months and 3 da vs. :
Zfyrier.fi* are re^wcctfully invited In at- :
DOSWALD— In this rity, January 17, VM
i'alharlUJ iDosvaM. beloved mother of Mrs
. Cecelia Nacer Mrs. Alexander Chasten
Mrs. Catharina Ferre, Mrs. Alexander Sim-
man. Mr«. Anton Elmman. Mm Fran*
Ono*F and Jweph Doswald. a native of An-
dermalh. Canton Uri. Switzerland, ated "si
yean" 11 months end 24 days.
DOUGLASS- In this" city. January 17. 1904.
James M. Dpuriass. aged 64 ytan>. (Vir-
ginia City. J^ev.. uapera please copy.)
EVANS — In lbi« city. January 17 id©<
Thoraaa Evans, beloved hrother of James
KvaiiF. * native of Charlottetown. . Prince
• :<jw»rd Island, aged 27 yeans 3 mouths and
t> .Jay.--.
CTFuneral wrrifM and Interment at
Charlottftown, Prlr.ce Edward Island, Cana-
da. Remains at "i^wl of Charles H.
j Truman & Co., 1909 Mission atreet, be-
tween Fifteenth ond Slxtf*nth.
KILIPPELLI— In this city. January 18. .19**,
y.h r!a« dearly beloved daughter of G. and E.
Filippelll, and beloved «l*ter of Charley.
Joseph and Humbert FlllDpelll. a native of
San Francisco, aged 20 years 2 months and
14 days.
FRIEDMAN— In thia city. January 17. 1M4.
Isaac Friedman, beloved husband of Mary
Friedman, and beloved father of Abraham
Friedman. Un. David Grow of Tacoma.
Mn. Geraon Golfliraith cf Ivos Angeles and
Moses E. Friedman, a native of Poland,
aged CS yean. •
CTFriends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funexal January
1». 1904. at 10 o'clock, from ll»10 Larkln
street. Interment, by carriage, Nffw SaJem
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MEMBERS of Congregation Shaari Z«3eek—
Please attend tbe funeral of Ex-President
Isaac Friedman to-day, at 10 o'clock, at 11*10
Larkln «rt<?t. SAMUEL POLACK. Sec.
GERLACH— In this city. January IS, 1904,
Anna Margaretha Gerlach, beloved mother of
Jacob and Chri* Qerlach and th« late Mrs.
Elisabeth Bill, a netive of Ni<*<3er Weisel,
Heasen-Daranstadt. Germany, aced 58 years
2 months and IS day*.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 Wednesday). »t 1 o'clock, from hT late
residence, 51.-9 Montgomery avenue, thence to
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GOLDBERG— In New York. January 17. 1904,
Hilda, dearly beloved wife of Sol Goldberg,
and daughter of Mr. and Mr*. Jacob Levy,
a native of San Francisco.
GRANT— In th!« city. January 18. 3004, Ray-
mond, dearly beloved sen of G*orte and
Emnr.a Grant, and hi»ther of Edith. Georgle
and Harold (Jrant. a native of Elko, Nev.,
¦ged 10 yr-ars 7 months and S days.
C7"Rerr.sins at tbe mortuary chapel of the
Grlden Gate Tnaertaking Company. 2475
Mission istrf-e*. n*ar Twenty-first.
HANLON— In Ti:ma. Ariz.. January 15. 1004,
Martha W., wir« of Hall Hanlon.
HARROLD— In this cjty. January. IS. 19<M. at
his residence. !»:2 Harriton street, between
Fifth and Sixth. George E.. dearly beloved
husband cf Catherine Harrold. father of
Alice. Vera. Flosrie and George Harrold,
and stepfather of William and P. H. Loftu*.
Mn. J. Morris and Mrs. J. Doherty. a na-
tive of Brston, Mi».. sped 52 years.
HABTT- In Kollister. January 16. 1B04. Mag-
gie Harty. beloved daughter of Mrs. Delia
Harty and the late Roger Harty., and sister
of Mrs. Cottle. Mr». Hem. Josle Harty
and the late Xelli* Harty, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years 11 months and
16 dayc
ETFrlena* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services
Wednesday, January 20. 1904, at 1 o'clock,
at the mortuxcy chapel of Julius S.
Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue.y Interment
"Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUFF— In this city. January IS. 1804, Harry
F.. beloved ecn of the late Oliver B. and
Man" A. Hnff. end brother nf C. C. R. P.
and Alice M. Huff and the late Mrs. L. D.
Coloord, a r.ative of San Kranoi$ro, ared 45
rears 1 month and 10 day«. «Cape Porpoise.
Me. .and Seattle, Wa«h.. papers pleas? copy-)
IC7'Fri»nds and acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 2 o'clock, from th» parlors of Por-
ter &. White, 423 Golden Gate avenue. In-
t?nrent. Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
I KEATING— In this city, January 17. 1304,
Cornelius Keatinr. beloved brother of Mrsr
Julia Fuley. Mlchari and Jam»s Keating and
the late Mrs. EliBab»th Munster and Pat-
i rick Keating, a native of County Cork, Ire-
I land, aged 47 years.
: IC^Friends and acquairtanees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), st 8:30 o'rlock. frcm the parlors
of the L'nited Undertakers. Sfi6 Mission
strert. between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
St. Rose's Church. w!)»re a requiem high
! mass nill he celebrated for the repose of his
bouI. oomrrencins at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KIZPPLE— In I^s Aneplos. January IS. 1904.
Daniel IS. Kf-nple, a r.ati\» of }Je?lin. County
«'crk. Ir^lamJ. ased no y»ar«». A member of
Yrrke ••nuncil No. SOS. Y. M. I.
KLINDT— In this- city. January 17. 1P04, Tne-
rc«a K.. beloved dauzhter of Christian and
the late Anna Kllndt, nnd sister of Mrs. L.
C. Knwald. Morris Xlir.dt and Mrs. A.
Schoubor, it native of Denmark, a»ed 32
year*.
EyFrie-d* and acqtiaintRnc»s are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. January 20, HWH, at 11 o'clock,
nt the residence of h«»r father. 1564 Jackson
*tre?t. Intcrrrnt I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEHMAN— In Phoenix. Arizona, January 14,
1904. Solomon, beloved son of Max and the
late Clara Lehman, ard brother of A'lolph.
Charles and Ray L»bman and Mrs. D. E.
Harris, a native of New York City, aged 29
yrars 6 months and 23 days.
CyFrien<l« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitpd to attend fun«ral services to-
day <Tu"sday>. .lanusry lit. IO<K. at S;:-sO
o'clock, from the chapel of Cherles H. J.
Truman & Co.. 1909 MiFSion 6treet, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. •
LAYTON— In this city. Januarj" 15. l»O4.
George P.. beloved son of Man' E. Layton
r»f St. Loots, Mn., a r.ativ- of Missouri, aged I
47 yxn*.
t^Trlends and acquaintfinces ar» rf?p*ect-
fully invited tr» attend th* fun»ral to-day
«Ti!«-5day). at 2 iVlork. from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 9*0 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Ceni'tTy.
LKWIS— In t'.is rlty. January 17. 13O1, Han-
nah M., beiov-d wife of the late Edwin
I^v.-jy, e^d sifter of Mrs. Annie Farrell. a
n»ti\p r,f ilassachuwtts.
CyRemains «t the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Compapy, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
MAZROTV— In this city. January 16. l»04. Jo-
•epfa Mazrow, a native of Canada, aced 83 ',
years.
MEGELIN— In this city. January 18. 1904. i
Minnie, beloved wife of William Megnlin, !
mother of Mrs. C. L. Parrnt, and grand- ¦
mother of Mathilda E. Parent, a native of
Germany, aged 6tf yfars 11 months and -
days. I
MER&IOUD — In this city. January 17. 1904.
Francois Henry Mermoud. beloved eon of
Frank Mermoud. and brother of Mrs. Allen
Haicirall. a native of San Francisco, aged
30 yan 9 months and 6 daye.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services
Tuesday. January 19. 1904, at 9 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of Julius S.
Godeau. SC3 Montgomery avenue. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MINXKT1AN — In this city, January 17. 19O4.
Timothy M. Mmnehan, brother of Edward
T. MinnthaJi of San Francisco and William
C Mlnnehan of Evar.sville. Ind., a native of
Indiana, ared 2S years. ,
MOOAR— In Oakland, January 17. 1904, Pro-
fessor Oeorge Mooar. D. D., a nRtive of
Massachusetts, aged 73 yeans 7 months and
1*1 dayg.
JCKuneral E?rvlces Wednesday aftenvion,
January 20, 1904, at 2 o'clock, at the Ply-
mouth-avenue Congregational Church, Oak-
land. Interment private.
ML'LLINS — In this city. January 17. 1304.
Johanna. celoTed wife of Bernard Mullins,
and loving mother of Nora. James and the
late Mary and Matthew Mullins a native of
County Cork. Ireland, aged 54 years.
C7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
rfsidtnee. 52 Clementina street, thence to
St. Brendan's Church, where a solemn
r< nuiem hlgn macs will be celebrated for the
repose of lrer sou!, commencing at a o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OSBOURNE— In Detroit. Mich.. January 11.
1&04, George, only son of George Osbourne of
San Francisco, aged 2*i years. .
C7" Friends and relatives are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral ceremonies at
Ji» -o'clock Tuesday. January 19. /at the
Church of St. Francis de Sales. Grove and
Hobart streets. Oakiand. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
OTTO — In Oakland. January 18, 1JK>4, at 1730
.Fifth etreet. William Henry Otto, beloved
husband of Annie Otto, and father of Ben-
.'ntnin. George. John and Emma Otto, a 'na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 4S years 10
months and 11 days.
POLLOCK— In this city, January IS. l»04.
l>a\id K.., dearly beloved husband of May
It. Pollock, father of Roy. Norman, Lester,
lidr.-ard. Klmer, Er.lth tnd Daniel Pollock,
and beloved lion of Marsar.t F. Willie, a na-
ti\e of San Francirco.
RESSEGUIE— In East Oakland. January IS,
1904, at 1-67 Eleventh awnue, James Glea-
son Reraexuie, beloved husband of Jennl?
A. Resseguie, and father of George. Emma,
Adelaide and Jennie KeEScauie, a native nf
Vermont, aged 62 years & months and 21)
days. A member of TVm»:e Lodge No. 14
of Albany. X. Y.: Sacramento Chaoter No.
?•. Itoyal Arch Masons, and Iceland Stanford
Division No. 2S3, Brotherhood of Locomotive-
Knginerrs.
P.YAX— In thia city, , January 17, 1904. James
P. Ryan, dfarly belovtd son of Josephine
uj-au. and brother of the late Mamie Ryan,
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 1
month and 23 days. ' , .
? , fun t ral vUl take Place to-day
at 8:J0 o clock, from the residence of his
mother. 15 Cleveland street, off Seventh,
thence to St. Patricks Church, where a re-
qulem ronrs will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 0 o'clock.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery
SCHCLTE— In -this city, January 17. 1904
Rose M. Schulte (n-e Ghlsla), dearly be-
loved wife of Otto C. Schulte. daughter of
Maria and th- late Salvatore Ghlsla and
ulster cf Annie and TtlliV Ghlsla a native
of San Francisco, aged 21 years S monthi
and 2« day f. t
E7Friends ana acquaintances are rcsi>e''t-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dav
(Tuesday), from SU- Peter and Paul's
Church. Filbert and Dupont street? where
a* solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repof s of her pouI, commencinir at 10
o'clock. Interment . private. Please omit
flowers.
SIEBERT — In Kara. January 13, 1004 Gene-
vleve J.. dearly beloved daughter of Mr. and
F. J. MOXAHAN 1 . Manarer. TeL Mlrelon 3L
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMCALMERS
2S39-2341 Mission at., near Nineteenth.
San Franclico.
James McGinn. Henry Haasen.
JAMES McGINX & CO.,
Formerly with McGinn Bros.,
——Funeral Directors and Erobalmer*—
214 Eddy et.: Tel. South 676.
Mrs. Charles J. Slebert, and sister of Mary E.
and Margaret A. Slebert, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 1 month and 1 day.
SMITH— In Alameda. January IS. 1904. Fred
Smith, beloved husband ¦ of Emily Smith, and
father of Minnie, f reddle and Charley
Smith, a native of Baltimore, Md., aced 67
years and 3 days'.
STONE— In this city. January 17. 1804. But-
«oo J. Stone, a native of Delaware County,
New Tork. aged 6G years. *
TROSETH— In this city. January 18, 1004.
Albert I., beloved husband of Arthemise
TroBeth, devoted father of Napoleon, George
and the late Kmll Troseth, and brother-in-
law of George Billioux. a native of^Norway,
aged .17 years 7. months and 18 days..
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at the
parlors cf H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth, under
the aiisDlc»s of Goodfellowshio Canir» No
»63n. M. W. A. interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
WEST— In Alameda. January 17. 1904. Aman-
da M.. wife of Myers Burton West, and
father of Zena A., Delia E. and Myers Bur-
ton AVe.«t Jr.. a native of Delaware, aged 49
yars 11 months and 21 daye.
WHITE— In this city, January 17. 1004, Fran-
cis A. White, a native of New York State,
aged SO years f> months and 28 days.
¦ROM'— In this city. January IS. 1»<M. I..out*.
beloved husbanrl of Fannie Wolf,, and father
of K. Myron Wolf, aced 69 years 4 months
an-1 20 day*.
C3"Friencla are respectfully Invited to st-
ten4 the funeral Wednesday. January 20,
1004. at 10 o'clock, from his late residence,
CM Cole street. Pleats omit flower*.
WYNN— In this city, January IS, 1904. Eve-
lyn France*, dearly beloved dauchter of
Thomas and Mary K. Wynn, and.lovln« sis-
ter of Alice and Josephine Wynn, a native
of San Jose. Cal.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Wedne.«day). at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1019*4 Natoma ?trc»t, thence to
St. JoreDh'a Church, where a solemn re-
fiulem mars will be celebrated for the re-
ptF» of her soul, commencing at 0 o'clock.
Interment gt. Mary's Cemetery. OahlRnd.I ' The week opened with a very fair business
! on the Stock and Bond- Exchange, but varia
tions were few and narrow. Hutchinson Sugar
was firmer at $7 75ifiS. • Among the unlisted
securities $37,000 United Railroads 4s sold at
ST8. These bonds have been slowly improv
ing of late and It is reported that all the
Iweok folding* have been closed out. and that
the securities are row in stronger hands.
There was netting new In mining or oil
! stocks.
! The Homeetake Mining Company of South
| Dakota will |>ay a regular monthly dividend
> of "•'• or r.u I'M share on January 25.
Ftschcr's Thtafr Company paid a dividend
of Dc r<r share, amounting to $2500, on the
ir.tn. . ..
Cnicn Oil Company on the 15th paid a regu
i lar qi arterly dividend of 70c per share on the
! capital stock, amounting to 970.000.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
MONDAY. Jan. IS.— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
1 Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
I 4s qr coup.. 107 Vi — 4n qr cp newl3:i«4134H
4s qr reg-..107V*lC8 I i 3s qr coup.. 108 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 5s. — — O T Co 6s.ll«U —
Bay CPC 53.102 1C2^ Do Ss 109 —
Cal C Q Ss. — 107 Do con Ss.IOl 105
' Cal C A E g Oceanic S Si. — J5
; m & ct 5s. — 104 Om Cable ta.120 124 \
Cal-st 5a 114 — Pac O Im 4s. — M
I C C Wat Ss. — 100 P E Ry 5*..1O4K16SU
Ed L 4 P C«12O — P A C H &S.1K1U —
¦ F * C H 6s. — 117 P A O R 8a.ll" —
Oeary-st 3s.. 43»4 00 Powell-st «>.ll3i;
H CAS 5^8.104 — SE Q&K 3«. — 101
HC&SSs..— 100 SF & SJVos. — 113%
Hon R T 6s.lC0 — Sierra Hy 6s. — —
L A Elec 5s. — — S R of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.. 114 113H (1000) 105 1CSU
L A L Co 6». — . — (1810) lOtiU —
Do gtd 6». — ' — S P of C 6s
Do gtU 5s. — 1C4H (lJKW)Sr A.103H
LAP lem Bs.103 — (1003)Sr B.104U —
ilkt-st C Ci.llG 11654 (19C6) lO3}ilO6
Do lem fti.114 114*4 (1012) 118 —
NRR of Cos.lCSt41C3Vi SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
Do 5s 117^ — Do atmp4.108MlC8t4
X P C R 5s. — 105'i P P B R 6s.13.1H —
N" C R 5».. — 112 S V W a».106U .
N C P C 5s. — 100 Do 4s 2dm. — ICO
X S R R Oa. — 100U Do 4s 3dm. fiO
O W gtd 5s. IKVJi — Stkn G&E 6» — 103 -
O G L H 58.107^ — U O A E 5s. '— _
WATER STOCKS. ; .
Contra Costa — 41 I Port Costa.. — — -
Marln Co... — « IS V W Co.. 39 40^
- GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3»i 4\i|S F O * E. 57S 57%
Mutual EL." 9 Stkn G*E Co 5
Pac L Co.. 52>4 05 HU G A E.. — 39
Sac E G & R — — I %™*>
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F O & E. — — |
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.340 331 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 L P A A..'. — 170
Anglo-Cal ..881,4*-— Mer Trust. . .200 240
Bank of Cal.443 443 Merch E\...
Cal Safe Dp.l47«i — S F Xatlonl. — — '
Flrt Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2300 Sav & L So. 83 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. —
•S F Sav U.tEO, 650
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197 1 / 22C5 iPresidlo ....39U
Geary — SO | -¦--0">r?; li >
POWDER.
Giant CO',* 62>i! Vigorit - §V,
ernin . :•-'? <S
ri l_ UAlt,
Hana P Co. — 05c Kllauea S C. — ¦ < 5
Hawaiian C. 43 li 45 Makaweli C. 2(>
Honkaa S C 12 12H Onomea S C. 28 - 30
Hutch S P C S 81k i'aauhau S C — 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaka P A.l.-»%142^ 1 Oceanic S C. 4U 5«
Cal F C A. 94ft - Pac Aux FA 5 -
Cal Wine A. tfl'i 95 |Pac C Borx.lff7 —
Morning Session.
Boards •
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 140 00
320 Hutchinson S P Co 7 50
13 Oceanic S S Co 4 50
M Onomea Sugar Co. "O 00
S1.000 Northern Ry of Cal 5 per cent.. 117 50
$3,000 S P of Arizona (1909) 103 00
12,000 Spring Val 4s (2d mtge) 00 00
Street —
100 California Fruit Canners...... 93 OO
13,000 S P cf Arizona (1008)..'..'... .103 OO
$10,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5 p«r cent.. 117 50 '
$10,000 Pac Elect Ry 5 per cent 103 00
.,$10,000 S F & S J V 5 per cent.. .... .113 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
113 Hutchinson S P Co 7 75
OO Hutchtnson S P Co 8 00
20 Paauhau S P Co 13 00
100 SF Gas & Electric... 67 75
" 55,000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s.... 102 00
$3,COO Northern Ry of Cal 3 per cent.. 117 50
U.tCO S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). .10$ 23
Street —
5 Makaweli ;'.".. \ 22 0*
$3,000 Is A Pac R R 1st con Ss 102 50
$3. CCO Pac Elect Ry 5 per cent 105 OO -
fS.OCO Spring Valley 6 per cent..... .106 30
$10. COO Northern Ry of Cal 5 per cent.. 117 60
$14,000 S P of Arizona (1009).... 105 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
OH Stock— • Bid. Asked.
Alma .... .
Apollo 43 ....
Associated Trust Certificates. .17 ....
Aztec 80
California Standard . 11 .
Caribou-. 140
Central Po'.nt Con ' ....
Chicago Crude '. . %
Claremont 4d .50 .
Ksperanza. 1 SO ....
Four CD . ....
Fulton .... 4 00
Giant 25"
Hanford ". .\ : .. .140 00 ,.~ . ,
Home ..; 1 10 ....
Imperial ....
Independence 13> 14
Junction .... 15
Kern .......: 4 50 -4 6SU
Kem River ..... 12 OO
Lion .". .. oi
Monarch ( of Arizona) ...'... 40 .... '
Monte Crlsto.. 73 80
Occidental of W Va .... i«
Oil '.City Petroleum 27 . 29
Peerless ...... ..;..'.. .... -,.".'..
Pltuburg.l .'....: • ....
Re*d Crude .....:,...... 4 50 --.
S F & McKlttrlck .' .... ....
San Joaquin O & 'D. ....... .... ....
EASTERN MARKETS.
Fraud In Twine.
Albert B. Armstrong. Assistant Sec
retary of the Treasury, has requested
Customs Inspector Stratton to give
close scrutiny to all importations of
binder twine from Canada, and when
ever it is found labeled. Invoiced or
entered as containing 600 feet to the
pound, when, in fact, there are a less
number of feet to the pound, to seize
the merchandise and proceed to col
lect the forfeiture and penalties pre
scribed by law.
Says She Pawned Her Rlnj.
Emma McGowan. who was married
to Thomas F. McGowan at San Rafael
In July of last year, sued him
for maintenance yesterday. She al
leges that he has not provided for her
Fince last December, and says that
since her marriage she has had to
pawn her wedding ring to provide
means to purchase necessaries. Mc-
Gowan is an engineer in the Electric?
Laundry-
Says Partner Is Cheating.
D. Catsoulis, who has been con
ducting a' general merchandise bus!
neffl with D. Liapis. sued his partner
yesterday for ' an accounting. He
charges that Uapi» has taken more
than his share of the firm's profits.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange was higher and Silver
lower. ' '
1 The America Jlaru brought upfroni Yoko-
I hama.on the 16th ,500, COO yen for the Anglo
; Califowian Bank (Ltd.) and $60,000 for the
; Internatioaal Banking Corporation, :
; Sterling Exchange, sixty days $4 g3»'
! Sterling Kxchange, sight. ....... — ' 4 £6*4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 sis?
! New 'York -Exchange. «lght .... — 12V4
I New York -Exchange, telegraphic. — 17Vj
j Silver. .per ounce 5,514
I Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 Q 43
. Wheat and. Other, Qrains. .
. WHEAT — The foreign marke.ts. were steady
and' not materially changed.' The world's shlp
¦ ments for the week were as follows, in quar
i tere: Russian. 103,000; 'Danublan. CS COO' Ar
1 pentine, 49,000: Indian.. 30,000; Australian,
25,CC0. The weather on tho Danube has be
come mild and a. complete' thaw, has set In.' A
statement of the world'*. Wheat oror>: for :the
past ten years appears In the first column.
. ' The American visible supply increased 176,
,000 bushels. Chicago was several fractloils
higher. Minneapolis reported a good demand
for cash -Wheat. ' ¦ .-
This market was steadily held, but very dull,
both in cash grain and futures. The latter
, were lower. - '. ¦. ' - '¦
-\* - ' CASH WHEAT_
California Club. $1 38»i@l 42t4« California
White Australian. $1 4501 50:" Northern Club.
$1.3S*<frl 4Ui; Northern Bluestem. $1 4714
©1 50; Oregon Valley. $1 40.
FUTURE8."*--.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
May — No sales; $1 38K' bid. 1 33% asked.
2 d. ro. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
»>"»y SI ."*»,4 *1 3S»4 $138 $133
BARLEY — The rain naturally weakened
futures, but was not sufficiently heavy to in
fluence the cash grain except to render opera
tors Indisposed to trade until the weather condi
tions became sufficiently pronounced one way
or the othtr to impart a reasonable degree of
deilniteness to dealings. Hence the market
wan quiet, lirewing descriptions are reported
dull, as the brewers are well supplied and not
buying at present.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. V 07H«l 12',4; Shipping and Brew
ing. Jl 13©1 17&; Chevalier, ?1 20S1 45 lor
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 n. re.
Open. High. Low, Close.
May f 1 0« $1 CXJU *1 O5<4 fl OSVj
" p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 03>4 ?l t)5^ $1 05U Jl 05K
OATS— White continue In light supply and
very firm and the other descriptions arc also
well held. Quotations remain unchanged
White. H 2U<&1 35: Black. St 45®1 tj3; Red,
$1 L'ofcl SZU for feed and $1 25@1 Jo for seed-
Gray. $1 S2»4.
CORN — There Is no further change to report
in any- description. Holders arc steady as a
rul».
Western sacked, $1 23%(31 25 for Yellow
$1 22^81 '-5 for White and $1 lS^Cl 20 for
Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 32»<i: small
FOOnd do, $1 40@l 60; "White. $li.% per ctl; :
Egyptian. $1 45^1 C5 for white and $1 25 for
brown. • >
RYE— $1 2501 SO per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75S2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR--Californla Family Extras. $4 CO®
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50i{|4 CO;
Orcgcn and Washington, $3 JK)fi4 20 per bbi for
Family anil f:: !i(iii I -10 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follow*: Graham Flour. $.1 25 per 100 lbs*
Rye' Flour. ?:l 25: Rye Meal. $3 : Rice Flour,
$7: Corn Meal. $-"1 25; extra cream ao. $»; Oat I
Groats. $1-50; Hominy, $4ft4 23; Buckwheat!
Flour. $4 5Cfi"4 75: Cracked Wheat $.'! 75; Fa
rina 54 CO; Whole Wheat Flour $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbln. $7 23flS CO; in sack's. $0 78@8 10:
Pearl Barley. 1 SO; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $3 £0 per ICo lbs.
Hay. and Fcedstuffs.
The rain, while of vast benefit In the Salinas
Valley and along the southern coast, did not
affect the Hay market, which was quoted as
before, though receipts ran up to SCO tons.
About :»¦« sacks of Bran came in from the
north, making over 13,000 sacks during the
past three days. The market had previously
betn almost bare, however, fo- It has not weak
ened nr.d is still quoted • steady. The other
FecdsfjfTs also stand the t-anie.
- HRAN-^520 50«?21 50 per ton . .
MIDDLINGS— ?-'7@28 M) per ton. .
SHORTS— $-0 00<S21 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. S23 50@24 50
per ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. 52sg29 50:
bobbins. ? : *0: Cocoanut Cake, $21ig22: Corn
M«?nl. S2SS2S r>0: Cracked Corn, S2Sft2n:
Mixed Feed. $22©23: Horse Beans. $30®40 per
HAY— Wbeat. S14S17 00: Wheat and Oat.
*H<h8 50: Oat. $14?116: Wild Oat. $13^15;
Barley. $12«14 00: Stock nominal— nons here;
Alfalfa. *12ffl3 50 per ton.
STRAW— 5C'S73c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
. Pink Beans are again quoted higher, being
in light supply. The rain- along the southern
coast has not yet affected the price of Limas
and the situation therefore remains as previ
ously quoted. . " - - •
BEANS— Bayos. $2S52?2 45: Pea. $3 25: But
ters $3: umall White, $2 !15ff3 05: large-White,
$2 5102 t5: Pink, ?2 80®'2 'JO; Rej, |4 23(@4 50-
Lima. $3'1S®3 20; Red Kidnej-s. $4 23: Black-'
eye. $202 13 per ctl: Horse Beans. $2®2 50. .'
SEEDS — Brown Mustard.-. $3: Yellow - Mus
tard. - $2 65@2 SO: Flax. $1 80®l 90: Canary.
BSTSUi fqr Eastern: Alfalfa. 11014c: Rape.
1 14 g2c:: Timothy ¦ee i 64c; Hemp. 3iJ^3%e per
lb; Millet. 3@3>/ic; Broom Corn Seed. $20®23
per ton. * •-•»..-:'¦ .. .-••-.'• ¦„¦ ' ;-/-;-?.-. ¦•.
DRIED - PEAS— Nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.'
Receipts of.river Potatoes were -quite" large
amcunting to nearly 10.000 sacks, but as the
was brisk prices were well sustained
• Salinas Burbanks arrived freely and were
readily disposed of ' at ' steady flgtires, whllo
Oregons were higher under a ¦ steady Inquiry
and the recent arrivals, ex-steamer, were being
"rapidly cleaned out of first hands. S4rd Pota
toes continued dull, r, with ; prices largely nom
inal. Onions were weaker under increased re
ceipts from the , north. Sweets were - in fair
request and two cars of fresh; stock were mar
keted afan advance, _ ,. :
Trade in- vesetables ,was fair ¦¦„ and' Peai"
Beans Egg. Plant were in ffood request' at
steady prices. > All' other descriptions from the
1 south were \ In ample . supply and ruled weak
i at. "about . previous: Drlce*. *• Cucumbers ; and
Mushrooms . wer« . more . plentiful jind quoted
(lower. No "Asparagus came -in. j/*^ . -
. POTATOES — Burbanks : from the river, 70®
Senator €3 75
Sovereign , 37 ....
Bterling , 2 5<>
Superior '. 06' BT
I Thirty-three 6 Oft ¦ TCO
Toltec IB 20
Twenty-eight 4 50
West Shore * CO
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land A Improvement . ••••
Alameda Sugar ••••
American Blscnit 75 00 , •••¦
American District Tel ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ....
California Cotton Mills 89 00 05 CO
California Jockey Club- ....
California Shipping Co ....
Cal Title Ins & Trust ....
Central Bank of Oakland ....
Chutes Company ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 25 ' 6 73
Fischer's Theater ' 2 23
Gas Consumers' Assn ....
Honolulu .Sugar
Northern California Power. 8 23 • CO
North Shore' Railroad ....
I Orpheum Company 16 CO ....
) Pacific States Tel & Tel ....
Parafflne Paint 35 00 ....
San Francisco Dry Dock ....
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 1 50 ....
Kausalito Land U Ferry ••••
Sperry Flour Company ....
Standard Electric ....
Tesla Coal Co 25 00 30 00
Truckee Electric ...»
Union Sugar ....
United Gas & Electric ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
300 Junction 1.1
100 Home 110
20O Monte Crlsto. ¦ 90 75
100 Monte Cristo 73
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Monarch *. 41
2CO Nevada Co 4»
500 Esperanza 1 BO
200 Monte CrUto It
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Frsm
ciico Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
SCO Alta Ml 50O Gould & Cur. 43
500 Andes 41 1 Id) Hale & Norc. "-".
10O Belcher 41 500 Mexican 2 20
3C0 Belcher 42; ICO Overman .... 29
700 Bullion 10 7C0 Ophir 5 2T>
ICO Caledonia ...100 7CO Potosi 27
800 Chollar 27! ICO Savage W
700 Con C & A'a.1 80' GCO Savage M
10O Con C & Va.l 75; 3f*> Sierra Nev .. 81
1000 Con Imperial. 03| 400 Sierra Nev .. S2
MOCon Imperial. 04; 1 no Union Con . .1 OO
500 Con. N T 10 BOO Utah 22
100 Crown Point.. S3! 5C0 Yellow Jacket 50
Afternoon Session. '
1000 Alpha 12 SCO Mexican ISO
1000 Andes 3.S M) Mexican 1 75
20O Belcher 3* 1GO Occidental ... 7O
130 Caledonia ... 9«J 70O Ophir 4 7i»
600 Challenge Con 27 800 Overman .... -¦"¦
100 Chollar 24 SCO Potoal 23
BOO Chollar 231 200 Savage 50
460 Con C & Va.l CV 100 Savage 81
300 Crown Point. 28 i 400 S«g Belcher.. 10
10O Crown Point. 29 1 7CO Sierra Nev .. 71
500 Exchequer ... 20; 200 Stiver Hill .. ««'•
20O Gould & Cur. 41 40O Union Con . . . SO
10O Hale * Norc. 67 ! 70O Union Con . . ST>
10O Hale & Norc. •'<! 5<X» Utah 17
1000 Julia 071 000 T*llow Jacket 45
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paciflc
Stock Exchange yesterday :
. . Morning Session.
200 Andes 44; 10O Mexican ...2 22V>
200 Andes 43; ICO Mexican 2 05
4CO Andes 40| 10O Mexican ZOO
200 Belcher 41 lOO Mexican 1 *<»
10O Best & Belch. 2 05 1 130 Ophir 3 CO
SCO Bullion CSj 100 Ophir 5 23
400 Chollar 20! 200 Ophir S 37Vr
100 Con^ A Va.l 80; BOO Savage 57
COO Con W & Va.l 70i 100 Sierra Nev .. SO
100 Con C it Va.l 73! MO Union Con ..1 03
20O Gould & Cor. 44 1 50O Union Con ..1 ttl
300 Gould. A Cnr. 41 i 2CO Union Con .. »7
800 Gould A Cur. 42 10O Union Con .. 02
800 Gould & Cur. 40 20O Union <-on •• Ki
100 Hale * Nor*. 75 1 100 Union Con .. >»•
100 Hale A Norc. 73 1 200 Union Con .. JK
. 2C0 Hale ft Norc. 7» ICO Union Con .. 06
100 Hale 4 Norc. 71 ICO Union Con .. 97
100 Hale & Norc. 70 200 Utah 21
1O0O Julia 07 SOU Utah 13
200 Mexican 2 13
Afternoon Session.
k 80 Alta 16T 500 Mexican 1 so
300 Alta 17 100 Ophir ,.4 si)
100 Andes 3fi ICO Ophir 4 75
2CC Belcher 37 100 Savage ...... «
100 Belcher 36 V*) Sierra Nev .. '7::
50 Caledonia ....1 CO 200 Sierra Nev .. 7O
COC Bullion 07 loi> Union Con . . 8*J
80O Con C A Va.1 C3 SCO Union Con .. (tt
40O Con C A Va.l «O 200 Utah IS
10O Kxchequer 20 20f> Yellow Jacket 4>>
100 Gould A Car. 411 5OO Yellow Jacket 43
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were th« sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. 1 "
113 Cent Eureka. 831 :w> Rescue 08
300 Evelyn 25 WO Ton Belmont. 7»
WOO Eapentnza. ... 01 ( 2OO Ton E»lmont. «H
• 100 Mont Ton..l 22H I 10O Ton Midway.. 4O
100 Mont Ton . . 1 23 1 100O Ton N Star.. 33
ROO Mont Ton ..1 30 3C0 Ton N. Star.. S8
200 Paymaster ... 10; ¦
Afternoon Session.
500 Brunswick ... 1000 Ton N Star.. -34
40O Ton Belmont. €9: 200 Ton Superior. BO
200 Ton Midway.. 40 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Jan. IS — I p. m.
Alpha 11 13JJusiice 15 14
Alta 18 KlKentuctf 03 (S
Andes ."^ 37|Keye» Graes. . — 1 7.">
Belcher 37 38 Lady Wash... — li>
Best A Belch. 1 75 — Mexican 1 63 1 7'>
Bullion W7 0!) Occidental ... 72 7:!
Caledonia ... 95 »7. Ophir 4 .-,» 4 •-,.»
Challenge Con 2H 2»; Overman .... 24 29
Chollar 23 25jPotosl 22 2»
Confidence ...1 10 1 13 Savage 47 4*
Con C & Va.l fiO 1 63 Scorpion OS 05
Con Imperial. 03 04,Seg Belcher.. C* C!>
Con N Y 10 lllSierra Nev .. 65 fi7
Crown Point. 28 301 Silver Hill ..63 «7
Eureka. Con... — SO St Louis .... — 2O
Exchequer ... 20 21 Syndicate .... 04 tin
Gould A Cur. 33 ,4O Union Con ..83 S7
Hale A Norc. «« e» Utah'...'. 1« IS
Julia 08 • 081 Yellow Jacket 44 49
TOXOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 17 Ray & OBrien — 10
Esperanz* :.. — 01 Rescue .. Oft f>7
Gold Anchor. — 23 1 Ton Belmont. es . 7O
Gold M Con. 05 10|Ton A Cal.. — 25
Hannapah ... — SOiTon Fraction. — SO
Hannapah Mu — 23 1 Ton of Nn.,5 50 —
MacNamara . 09 11 1 Ton N Star.. 34 35
Mont Ton.l 27tf 1 32H Ton Midway.. S3 41
N Y Ton ... — 05 United Ton . . — 13
IVorld's Wheat Crop.
Broorr.hall's Ccrn Trade News has prepared
an estimate of the wheat crop cf all countries
of the world for the part ten years, as fol
lows, in busheic:
"' Country— 1303. 1902.
Europe l.$CV:iO4.nO0 1.837.224.000
.Vnited States «>40, 000, <X» CS0.POO.O0O
. Canada M>.0u0.000 93.COO.000
Argentina 136,000, <JCO 104.000.ouO
' Medea Chile and
• Uruguay S5.200.000 37.CO0.0OO
Asia S88.O0O.O00 349.Oi0.0U0
Africa 54.1*4 OCo n3.fcSS.000
Australasia 80,<>00.<iGO ll«,31>.000
Total 3.25S.eSS.O0O 3.175,2^0.000
, Total 19"1 2.783.784.000
Total 19<K> 2.003,440 000
Total 18*.» 2.f27,€l(J,000
Total 1S0S 2,92S.til6.000
Salmon Export Trade.
' The cxx>orts cf Salmon from San Fran
cisco by tea during December. 1903. were as
' follow*-:
To — Cases. Packages. Values.
New York C7.M3 1.2W $247,553
Hawaiian IMands -.3.135 3C3 17,«O7
Kr.gland 11,113 55.143
' Australia 9.7SS 1.913 57.352
New Zealand 1.2«* 27 O,l»2
Chile 2.W0 6.4W
Samoita Islands 71« 26 1.830
Tahiti 303 OS 1.558
•China 138- 511
£>et Indies 4V> .... l.COO
Caroline Irlands 2<iii .... »C0
Barbadoe* Island .... IWjO .... l.<>40
Triniiad Irland IOC .... <*i3
Jamaica 2»0 .... 1.033
South Africa 2T>«> . l,20o
Germany 1C<O 250
Mexico 2in» 1 1.051
Pt-ru 124 .... .T72
British <"*o!umbia 5Q .... 315
Philippine Inlands... 40 .... 125
Central America.... 73 .... 2><2
, Panama 80 l>j
«"o!prcbia 2<i 14 147
18 C2
Total* 79.381 3.602 $404,102
in December. 1902. the exports were 144.202
rases cml li»40 packages, valued at $570,205.
In that month :J1,211 cases wtnt to England
an-i S^.O and 1>3(» packages to New York.
Tht* monthly shionu-nts by ffa from San
Krancii«co during thr y*-ar ending December
31. V.tftl. vere as follow?:
Months. Caws. Packages. Value*.
January 27.419 f'74 fSS.tta
February 0lt.7S0 410 H0.49S
Marfh J».<a7 715 40.134
April 4.TC0 2"1 17.536
May :. 5.450 743 22,6"4
Jun# 4.1S3 455 17.»l46
July :t.tt31 «V49 in B74
AupuEt 5.019 «tl 21.7S»9
September 1U2S7 l.iea rC.4!M
<>ctob*"r ' 2o*a.719 3.H56 1.345 1S5
NoXeniber 2C2,94« 2.40S 1.242.170
December 79.981 3,«02 404.102
Trtals 744.292 15.S79 $3.405.0C4
In 1902 the exports, omitting the shipments
to the Hawaiian Islands, were 7MVO1 cases
p.t.S tSSt p«clcare«. valued at f2.»y0.0C>0. From
" June 1 to Ix-rember 31 thfre were 14.010 cases
«nd 274tt packaKes. valued at $SO.T521. sent to
the Hawaiian Islands. The quantities speci
fied above as packages represent pickled
Falmoti in barrels, half-barrels, tiercrs and
kite.
Weather Report.
<12<Kh M-ridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. lo— 5 p. m.
Th* following are the peasonal rainfalls to
date, ac ccTapared with those of i»ame date last
eeafon, er.a rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Laet
Stations — 24 hours, reason, eearon.
Eureka 2222
Red Bluff O.02 13.27 13.51
Sacramento O.W 5.10 6.73
Pan Fraacisco 0.00 «.fto «.15
Fresno 0.06 1 .35 3.21
Indepenaer.ee Tr. 0.42 0.85
Ean Luis Obispo 0.10 \SA 5.00
Lo« Angeles 0.14 - 0.57
Baa Diego 0.01 0.41 6.09
THE COAST RECORD.
' = x 2 a 2
I « 35 RJ ** z I
i fl !l S ll I
ETATIONa. « 2 3 = 3 ? •
I I f j : f
Baker 20.72 S2 S SK Snow Tr.
Carson 29. B6 :;4 2C SW Pt.Cldy .04
Farallon 30. OS S2 46 8W Rain .Ofi j
FrPsno 30. C8 52 38 NW Clear .CO
Flagftaff 2970 44 34 PW Clear .00
PocatHIo 2».»4 40 2S S Cloudy .«>2
Point Reyes... 30.CC M 42 ?W Pt.Cldy .06
Independence .2».M 4fi 26 W Clear Tr.
Lew Angeles. . 30.00 <SO 44 SW Clear .14
Mt TanxsOpaiB.30.10 42 32 KW Cloudy .(H
Phoenix 29. R6 €8 40 N"W Clear .ftO
Portland 29. 7« SS 34 PW Cloudy .3s
Red Bluff 29.96 4S. 38 KE Pt.ady .02
Ucseburc 29-W 3S 34 PW Fnow .53
Sacratnento ..30. OS 50 30 g Clear .00
Fait Lake 29.02 30 30 SW Clear .OfJ t
Baft Francisco.30.12 SO 44 FW Clear .00 ]
San L. 0b!spc.30.10 r.2 M W Clear .IP,
Kan tticgo 2tO.OO 58 SO NW Clear .«!
Seattle 23.72 3S 34 W rioufly .IS
Fpokane 29.72 38 ."4 S Cloudy .01
Tatooeh 34
Walla Walla.. .29.74 42 3(5 S Pt.Clay .f>0
vi'inr.eniucca .29. W5 34 2S SW Ooudy Tr.
yuma 29.80 64 40 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevail* from Cen
tral Calif orrla northward, and fair weather
wer the southern portion of the Pacific slope.
Light rain or mow 1? reported from Nevada,
Oregon. Washington and Idaho.
The pressure bac risen elowly along the coast
ar.d rapidly over the Rocky Mountain region.
"Hie temperature has fallen over Eastern Ne
vada, Utah ar.d Southern Idaho.
Reports from ccast etatlcnc are missing north
of Point. R*^*"*.
Forecast made at Ean Francis<-o for thirty
sours enfiJng midnight, January 19:
Northern California — Cloudy Tuesday; prob
ably ehbwert in northern portion ; fresh aouth
prly wind.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; lhtht
northwest wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday; prcbably light
tnow. •
Sen Francisco and vjclnfty — Cloady Tuesday;
rirob*bly Kfcowers: fresh southerly wind.
O. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15jLUtle Chief 06
Alice 27 .Ontario 6 00
Breece 10 Ophir 4 50
Bruns Con 05 Phoenix 13
Com Tunnel 08 Potoel 25
Con Cal & Va... 1 70 Savage B9
Horn Silver 1 C5 Sierra Nev 75
Iron Silver 1 25 Small Hopes 20
Leadvllle Con 02 Standard 160
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — iWeslng Com ... 82
Call loans .....4 @5 Mining-
Time loans . ...44S6j Adventure 2*i
-..Bonds— •: ., . JAUbuez^ 4%
Atchison 4s; — .. OSUlAmal Copper "..'.. 51%
Mex Cent 4s...... 7044'! Daly- West .-••• 31%
Railroads—; • jBingham 224
Atchison . . . .-. . . .^ 67% jcalnmet -&-Hecla,45O
Do pfd i.... S8% (Centennial ....i..:17U
Boston &. AlKany.244-4 Copper Range .,; 4U&
Boston & Maine.167 bom'Coal -^...... 67
Boston E!ev .140 FraBklin*/.* ; 84
N Y. N H & H..105 . Islar. Morale ;-...<<. 8
Fitchburg pfd .;.135 Mohawk v ..<..;.. S9
Union Pacific 79 ' Old 'Dominion ....11
Mex Central .... 12^» Osceota ..:...-..'.. 61 >4
• Miscellaneous — - Pajroti' i:. ...•••- ; 2.14
Amer Sugar ..... 125*4 Qulney' .'. ;...i9S
j Do pfd.. '....... 124 Santa Fe Copper. Iff
1 Amer Tel & T..120 Tamarack ..117
I Dom Iron & Steel. 8% Trinity' .-.. * 5
I Gen Electric ..:..172 United- Slates.. .; 19V»
I Mass Electric ... 23^ Utah .......' C 31^4
Do pfd .:.. 734 Victoria ...'.... .'. '3%
United Fruit 984 Wlnona 7-
U S Steel 114|Wolvcrine ...:... 714
Do pfd 67% [United Copper 0
LONDQN CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. S7Ts[N Y Central 123V4
. Do for acct..,.. 88 for & West .. 69Vs
Anaconda ....... 3% Dq pfd 90
Atchteon fOMi Ont & West, 22^S
•. Do'pfd.. ... 01 4^1 Pennsylvania ...:. 01%
Bar*-£ Ohio....;. S2% Rand Mines ..... 0%
Can Paciflc...... 120% Reading, 22^
Chcs & Ohio..'.:. ."U4 Do 1st pfd .40 :
Chi Great West . 17 Do 2d pfd ..... . 30
Chi. Mil & St^P.147% So.Rallway ' 21%
D« Beers , 20VC i Qo pfd. .'...,..- 814
Den& Rio G 21%jSo Pacific ' -'.50%
Do pfd ...714 Union '•Pacific.-.. ..' 81%
Erie 2S% Do pfd....... .. 92
Do 1st pfd 69% U S Steel... ...".. 11 Vt
Do 2d' pfd. ..... 49 ' Do pfd fiSTs
111 Central .......335 Wabash ...%...». 21
Louis &,Nash...llHi Do pfd.; 39^
M. K & ,Tex.... 17%
' Bar. elKer— Eapy. 20 15-I6d per ounce. .
Money— 24®3 per cent/". >.* -'¦« ; . ( •
The rate of discount in the -open market for
short bills is 3V+@3%. per- cent and for three
months' bills 3% per cent. ' .- ¦ ¦ v
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORk. jEan.18.-^ FLOUR— Receipts,
19.500 barrels; exports. ' 11.J150 barrels. ' Mar- \
ket ' wag dull -and unchanged. . > , .' t
WHEAT— Receipts. 12,700 busbe's; exports, ]
114.130 bushels; sales. 3.760,000 bushels fu- 1
tures. Spot markVt firm. No. 2. red; 84c ele- I
vator and 95c f. o. b. afloat; No, 1 Northern 1
Puluth, 51 00% f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard -
Manitoba; 'nominal, f. . o. b. afloat. Options"
opened 'easy on | the tnaproved outlook for •'
1)tace. but were soon' advanced,^ by Western [
support, backed up • by bullish:, weekly ..'and !
other statistics, with a ,' tre*h' .V&r scare at j
noon," following lowir consols.' The -, market
cloned firm, net advance. May. 91 3-16 j
JQV1 13-llic. closed 91%c; July closed S7?ic. '
HOPS — Steady. ./ v - -
" HIDES— Firm. , " : t " ' .
¦WOOL— Firm; • :"¦:,' r
-¦COFFEE — Spot Rio stead]*. No. 7- invoice,
1 15-ltic; mild steady. Futures closed steady,
unchanged to 5 points lower. Sales. 41.000
baps. Including.-" March, 7:35c; May, 7.^5*» \
7.70c; July. 7.fl0jM.95c^ AucUst; 8.05c; Sep- I
tember. 8.15c: October, 8.20c; December 8.33 I
©k.40c. . i* • . •:.-,- •• . • • .
SUGAR — Raw, quiet: fair refining. 2Tic: cen
. trlfugal. U0 test, 3%c; molesses sugar, 2%c; re
fined, dull. : - - . .¦¦'¦¦"¦',
DRIED FRUITS. .
EVAPORATED. APPLES— The market is
barely ; steady under a light demand, common
being quoted at 4© 5c; prime. 5Vi@5Vic; choice,
54*i6c. and fancy at (JVi$7d. • • . '
- PRUNES — Slow. Quotations range from
3|.^jm:,c, according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are in fair demand from'Job
berp. Cholct. »U©94c; extra choice. V%®
10>ic; fancy. ll®15c.
PEACHEivrrRemain .steady, with choice
quoted at 7US7*»c; extra choice, 7*i6SHc,
and fancy at Oft&lO-Vi*!.^., w-'i» JA% -
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 18. — War .news was not t
needed to make a firm market In wheat. Di
minishing euppiies were striking enough for I
that purpose. In addition, the ' big bull.oper-;
ator was an active buyer throughout the se&- ;
slon. May opened %@*%c lower to a shade ,
higher at 8S%eSS9ic, and after touching 8STic !
the -price receded to 88%c. Buying by brokers ;
supposed to be for the account of the big long [
was the means of checking the early declining I
1 tendency. Local traders were disposed to sell, I
but the demand from the prominent holder dis- >
couraged euch action. Later in the day a
buying movement developed on world's ship
ments, a decreased amount on passage and the
flour situation in the Northwest. The leader of
the longs was an open buyer during the last
hour and the market became strong. May ad
vanced to W.«c but lost part of the gain on
profit taking. The close was strong, with May
at £S%c.
There was a strong tone In the corn market
and higher prices were realized. May ranged 1
between 4S T »c and 40%c and closed at 49V4Q>
49%c. ' ' . ' '
Oats were firm except for a brief period of 1
business in sympathy with the leading grains J
early In the day. May sold between 41c and !
42c. closing at 41%c.
Provisions suffered a little early weakness on !
receipts of hogs, but later the market became [
firm in sympathy with the strength in grains. ;
Closing prices Ehowed slight gains. May pork j
closed 2^c higher. May lard was up 12>4$J15c i
and ribs were 24c higher.. . 1
The leading futures ranged as follows: '
Articles — Open. . High. Low. Close. 1
Wheat No. 2 —
September 70^ 79'4 79 79
May 8Mi K9> B KS'-li 8HTi
July .82% • , 83 824 *>2%
Corn No. 2—
January 45 4 ."¦ ' a 45 4.V'.
May 40 40% 48?; 40%
July 475; 4S1.4 474 4S'i.
Oats No. 2— !
January 38% 3S?A. 3SU 3ST4 !
May 414 42 4Ui 41"i I
July .. t 37H 57li 37«i 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl-^- ,
January 12 90 '
May 13 074 13 17»4 13 00 13 17«i !
I^rd, per 100 lb?— ' 1
January « 72'.i C S!S C 72'4 0 S.T i
May 6 974 7 10 « 95 7 10 •
July... 7 (i2li 7 15 7 00 7 15
Short Rib*, cer 100 lbs-r- . -
January — . C 3"4
May « «tn « 70 fl CO C «t (2
July. C 70 6 SO . C 70 C .80
Cafh quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No 2 sprint; whrat. M@S7c; No. 3.
n986c; No. 2 rp'l. tH'^nOc; No. 2 corn. 40c;
No. 2 >cilow. 4bc; No. 2 oats. 3S%839Ke: Nn.'
3 white. .*»9e31c; No. 2 rye, O4'/jc; good feeding •
barify. 40?l42c; fair to choice malting. 47!f?jik-: !
No. "1 flashed. 9!J4c<fi$l; No. 1 Northwestern. ;
$1 C0@l 07: prime timothy seed. *3 73: mess |
pork, per bbl. $1."'!?13 124: lard, prr 'IG0 lba.
SG 75; short ribs fides (loose). $fi 27'ii<H<; RHA;
short clear sides 'hoxed>. $0 WAGQ 70; whisky,
basis of hlgii wines. $1 27: clover, contract
grade. $11 33gll 40. j
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels :j.\«00 .TUC0
Wheat, bushels 49.R0O 17.300
Corn. bu^helB 25R.100 I8».4C0
Oats, buyhels 2S7.10O 57.000
Rye. bu»hels 1.00O . 3.000
Barley. bufhclR 6S.:;00 ie.300
On the Produce Exchange the Butter market
wa« quiet, steady: creameries, 15<f?21c: dairies,
ISCTlOc; eggs, steady at mark. 25®27c; cheese.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— - March. May.
Opening 6 3 644
Closing «M4 6 4Vj
PARIS. ,
Wheat— .' ' -• Jan. May-Aug.
Opening .-...2120 2140
Closing ....; ..-.'. 2130 2140-
Flour —
Opening 20 fi5 - 2S 90 '
Closing .29 55 28 85.
Eastern Livestock Marker.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Jan. 18.— CATTLE — Receipts.
30.000; weak. Good to prime steers, $5 10®
& 75; coor to medium, $3 50<34 75; stockers
and feeders. $2&4 ir : cows. $1 50©4: htlfers,
?264 bO: canners, ?1 5032 40; bulls. $1 75#4;
calved, $3«t6 25. .
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 45.000; to-morrow.
30,000; 5©10c higher. Mixed and butcher* ,
$5 75'55 95: sood to choice heavy. $4 90fi5;
rough heavy, $4 7(>fl4 ftO; light, $4 5O@4 80;
bulk of cale». $4 70©4 90. -
8HEEP— Receipts. 30,000. Sheep. elow;
lambs, .steady. Good to choice wethers. • $4 25
C4 50: ¦ fair to choice mixed, $3@4 ; "Western
sheep, $3 75®4 40:. native lambs. , $4 S0@tf 15;-
Western lambs, $4 25QC 15. ..
• Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK; Jan. 18. — There was a sharp
break In the London tin market, ascribed to
speculative causes, and spot: there closed £3 5s
lower at £129 10s, while futures declined £2
15a to £130. ¦ The local market declined in sym-;
90c per ¦ ctl: Salinas Burba nks. $1 25^1 50 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 10® I 30 per ctl; River
Reds. eo^tiOc per ctl; Garnet Chiles. UOcJJU
per ctl: Early Rose. UOcfgfl per ctl: Sweet Po
tatoes. $1 S5 per ctl.
ONIONS— $1 30®l 40 per ctl: Green Onions,
per boxr
j VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3®5c oer Ib;
I String Beans. 8015c per lb; Wax. 8@124c;
j Tomatoes from Los Angeles, fOc-gll per box
or crate; Rhubarb. &Q6c per lb; Summer
Squash ¦ from Los Angeles. T5c®$l per box;
Cabbage. $1 per ctl; Carrots, fiuc. per sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers. 75c©$l 50 per dozen;
Garlic, 5©6c per lb; Egg Plant. 12Vi@15c
per lb; Dried Peppers. BtfSc per lb for Stock
ton end ll©12>4e for soultiern: Dried Okra,
12Hc oer lb: Green Peppers, 5@7c per. lb:
Mushrooms. 20@25c per lb:. . Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash. $1043115 per ton for round
lots and %©%c per lb for sacked. .
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market .was in good shape and
a car of Western stock cleaned up readily,
with fine large Hens and Roosters selling up
to $7 per dozen. As usual on Monday there
was very little Califomlan stock received and
prices for that line of goods were largely pom-
Inai. Dressed ' Turkeys were dull at nominal
prices. Only three cases came in.
Wild Ducks were in good demand and most
descriptions were quoted higher. . All other
kinds of Game wye In free supply and rather
dull p.t previous prlcea. - .
POULTRY — Drtssed Turkeys. 17@20c per lb;
live Turkeys. 17@19c per Ib: Geese, per pair.
$2S2 25: Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks. $5@ft
per dozen for old and $ti®7 for young; Hens.
jiiS7 for large and $5®U for small; young
Roosters. ¦ $6(7S7: old Roosters. $5igti; Fryers,
$5®6; Broilers. $4 '50ft 5 for large and $1®4 .*<>
for small: Pigeons. S1G1 25 per dozen for old
and $2 25@2 SO for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $3®3 50 per dozen: '
Canvasback, $:»«4 50; Spr'g. $2^2 50: Teal.
$1 25@1 50; Widgeon, $1 £5: small Duck*, $1:
Gray Gee3e, 33; White Geese, 75c®*l 25;
Bmnt. $1 25 for smajl and $2 for large: Honk
ers, $5 for large and $4 for small; English
Snipe $3; common Snipe. $1 50; Wild Doves.
$1 23; Rabbits t2 for Cottontails and-$l 25 for
Brushj'Hare. $125® 150.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Cheese market Is in a bad way. Every
dealer is loaded to the guards and nobobdy is
able to find an outlet for it. The recent high
prices led many Butter makers to abandon
Butter for Cheese, and the result la an over
stocked and unmanageable market. Oregon and
Washington nre also loaded down and arc ship
ping large lines into this market. So great
has this influx from the north become that
San Francieco dealers have lately notified
their northern correspondents not to send any 1
more Cheese here, even on consignment, but I
they are chipping Just the tame. Prices con
tinue to decline.
Eutter Is bnrely steady at the recent advance, j
Stocks* arc still li$ht. but as dealers generally
believe that the top has, been reached buyers
are not purchasing except to supply their dally
wants and the market is therefore quiet. Prices
are unchanged. j
Eggs continue weak, with a further shading I
of the Inside quotations. .. Receipts continue ;
heavy and stocks Bhow an increase every day. t
Dealers are making free concessions to buyers
to work off their stocks. The demand lg slow.
Receipts were 23.800 lbs Butter. 831 cases
Eggs' and 3000 Ib3 Cheese.' ¦
BUTTER — Creamery. 29c and in a small way
30c for extras and '2Z/'.i2> -.-c for seconds; aairy.
16^r2tic;~ store Butter, nomln...; cold storage.
1S&22C per lb for ordinary and 22 »i@ 24c for
extras.
CHEESE — lie for the general market. 11Vj@
12c for -select mild new and 9®10e for lower
grades: Young Americas, 114®12c; Eastern,
I 15616c; Western. 14615c per lh.
! EGGS — Ranch. 25© v 2"4c for choice to fancy
and 24c for small and mixed colors; store. 22©
23c: cold storage. IB® 19c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruit*.
Local trade in Citrus fruits was quiet, as j
the cold weather continued to discourage buy- j
ers. who were taking no more than absolutely I
necessary for .immediate requirements. There ¦
was a good demand for fancy Navel Oranges j
for shipment to Honolulu on the steamer So- ¦
I noma. which sails on Thursday, and large
sizes sold readily for that purpose both in the
' open market and at the auction rooms, where
the aggregate offerings were liberal. Ten cars.
' Including three of extra fanfy fruit from Red
' lands, were auctioned as follows: Extra fancy. 1
I (1 S0(g2 10; ordinary fancy. *1 2."5«1 80: choice. !
I Mfil i;5; standards. 40c@$l 25. AU other
' Citrus fruits were in good enpply and dull at
I previous prices.
Supplies of fancy and medium grades of
Apples were steadily decreasing and the mar
( ket was in good shape for such offerings. Com-
I mon and trashy fruit continued abundant and
! ruled weak at previous prices. Small quanti
ties of Winter Nellta --Pears were withdrawn t
from cold storage and were readily disposed
of within the quoted range.
APPLES— $1 25® 1 75 for fancy, 75c© $ I for
choice anil St^'iOc for common.
I PEARS — Winter' Nellls from cold storage,
$1 r>0&2 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 75^2 25 !
per box for fancy. $1 "J."l/l 75 for choice and I
50ctf?*l for standards: Seedlings. 3Oc«Sl;
1 Tanger.nes. ZQcHtl per box:- Japanese Man- j
! darins, 75c@$l for half boxes; Lemons. $1 75 -
I «r2 50 for fancy. *1 25©I 50 for choice and
! 75c<?T$l Tor standard; Grape Fruit. $1^2: Mex- !
1 lean Limes. $Ki » 50: Bananas, Jl 32 p«r bunch
'for Hawaiian and $202 50 for Central Amer
1 lean; Pineapples. $1 5002 50 per dozen. <
1 • ; ¦ . i
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honcy. !
FRUIT— Apricots, 7%*j«?ic for Royals and 9 j
611c for Moorpftrks; Craporated Apples. 49 1
6>^c; sun-dried. 3©4c; Peaches. 4®aVjc; Pears, I
C&lOc; Nectarines, 4@5Hc; Figs, white, \ff\\z
In boxes; black, -:Vc; Plums, pitted. <i$9c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%S2"J4o for the four
sices. :
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crow ' OO-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown. 1
S L ic per lb; 3-crown, &%c; 4-crown, tf4c; Seed
less Muscatels,' .4l£c: do. floated. 44c; un
bleached Sultanas, 44c; Thompson's seedless.
¦ 5$4«\ • London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas, j
' $2 50; tt-crown Imperials, $3: Malaga Loose. 2- 1
[crown. 5c per lb; dp-3-crown, 5%c; Valencia'
; Cured. 4Vic; Pacirtc.. do. 3%c; Oriental, do.
: 2-Xc. Seeded Ralclns — 10-oz packages, fancy. 1
8c per lb; choice. 7Tic; l-'-oz packages, fancy.
6%c; choice. «Hc; in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice.
7%c.
NUTS— -Walnuts, No. 1 softshel!, 13^(giie;
No. 2. lU4@12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13&134c:
No. 2. lllilUic; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
lOHc for I X L. lOHc for Ne Plus Ultra and
S%c for Languedoc: Peanuts, ti'STc for Eastern;
Pecans. 11913c; Cocoanut*. , Jt 5035; Chest
nuts, S@lUc per lb.
HONEY"— Comb. 10@ll%c for white and 84©
O'.ic (or amber: water white extracted. 5tj»
5V 4 c; light amber extracted. 4H@4%c; dark.
avufnc
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb. "
Provisions.
Chicago was higher on the day. with the
situation as before stated. A New York dis
patch to Chicago said: "We understand that |
tremendous purchases of food products are be- j
Ing made in this country for Japanese ac- I
count." This docs not agree with the recent ',
statement of a high Japanese official that the <
Japanese did not want any American products ',
for their army, as they ate nothing but rice,
and it is kn6wn that offers to supply Japan 1
with Amtrican meat products a fdrtnight or
so ago met with no response from Japan.
This market was quiet and unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium. 14e for light.
14Vbc for extra light. »7c for sugar-cured and
18 %o for extra sugar-cured; Eastern aucar
cursd Hams. 13^>c; California Hams, 1249
13c: Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
I121T12 30; Family. $13: prime Mess Pork.
$16: extra clear. $24; Mess. SIS; Dry Salted
Pojk.-lHAe; Pig Pork. *28: Pigs' Feet. $3 25;
Smoked Heft.' l. r «fl »er lb. #
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
oy.c; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, fiftc; 3-!b tins.
10c.
COTTOLENE— One halt barrel. S*<ic: threa
half bnrrels. 8%c: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
SV4c; flv« ; tierces, 8?»c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
The firmness and activity. In Hops . continue, '
with prices unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about '.tjftlc under -quotations. Heavy Salted
Bt««rs 8c: medium. Sc: light. 74"c: Cow Hides.
7%c for heavy and 7%c for light; SUgs, 5c:
Salted Kip. »c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
10%c: dry -Hides. 15$ 16c: dry Kip 13c; dry
Calf. ISc; Eheepekln*; xbearllngs. 25030c each:
short Wool. 40®65e each: medium. 70®»0c: long
'Wool $1@1 50; Horse Hides, salt. J2 75 for
large and $2&2 CO for medium. $1 25«U 75 for
small and 50c for Colts.; Korse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and SI fiO for medium. $l©i 23
for small and 50c for Colts. 1 Buck Skins— Dry
• Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth. 1 COc; medium. 35c;
small. 20c.
.TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No.
2. 34c: grease. 24©3o.
-- WOOL — Fall> clip— San Joaqntn Lambs'. &a
Up: Middle County. 11012c: Northern Free,
11012c: Northern Defective. 10011c: Humboldt
«r.d Mendocinrt.l2@14c: Nevada. 13®15c: Ore
gon fin*. iseiOe: Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 25©27«c per Ib for California.
Meat Market.
: The market'- continues sufficiently supplied
•with . the different descriptions at unchanged
prices.- ' ' .
DRESSED MEATS. "
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are " a« follows :•¦'. ¦. " v -" »¦-.*;
BEEF— tJU <Q- U.c for Steers and 6SC4c per
' lb for Cows. - ,
¦ VEALt— Large. 8$9e; small, DjflOc per lb.'
MUTTON— Wethers. 868Hc: Ewes. 7©S4e
P *UMB- 9«(gl0c,Der lb. :
PORK— Dressed Hogs, .TglSUc Der lb.
" . LIVESTOCK MA RKET.
' The' following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock." delivered ¦ In San -Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: ;.:¦- -v ,-.-..
CATTLE^ — Steers. 8®9c;: Cows and Heifers.
7<JSc: thin Cows. 4 ©5c per Ib. • •
T CALVES— iQWtC per lb (gross weight).
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
dently for a speculative campaign, the com
mon being lifted 1% and the preferred 3J^.
The bonds of the Rock Island group- of com
panies made even more sensational advances,
the fives scoring an upward bound of- 4*4 and
the fours 3 points. These advances were made
in a spasmodic manner on comparaitvely
cir.£!l dealings. The 5s Jumped \Vi points on
a fir.gie gale in the course of the advance.
The industrial department of the market was
rather broader, but was considerably over
shadowed by the h«avy dealings in United
States Steel preferred. Rather vague . as
sertions of improving trade conditions accom
panied the buying. The enormous absorption
of the corporation's eecond mortgage 5 per
cent bond* had a marked sympathetic effect on
the preferred stock. The par value of th*
day's sales of the United States. Steel second
5s exceeded that of all the rest of the bonds
Bold during the day. This- .movement- was
induced bv the .announcement that the bonds
had been lined on the London . Stock Ex
change. This (?ave rise to aa expectation that
a comprehensive movement to make ' a mar
ket for the bonds was Jn -contemplation. A
similar expectation was an important ele
ment in the Rock Island movement. Amalga
mated Copper rose a point. The few rail
roads reporting gross earnings • for the- sec
ond week in January made a more favorable
comparison with last year's i-orresponding pe
riods than was the case with 'the flret week's
earnings. The Missouri- Paerflc~,etatement of
net earnings for November showed- & decline
in net earnlnrs of .¦$438.951. .; -Money ..was .of
fered with rreat freedom and the rise • ot
steriing exchange toward the gold export -point,
was not the cause of any surprise or apparent
uneasiness. ,¦ . . *•
nonds were -firm. Total sales; $2,333,000,
United States bonds w*re unchanged on cajl-
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ¦ -
Stocks— Sales. High/ Low. Close.
Atchison •• 7,4<W 67%, -."67 • 67H
Atchison pfd C00 81 88% - -SS>,
Baltimore & Ohio.. 3.MJ0- SO 79^ TO',
; Bait &. Ohio pfd.. 100 81 »1 0O#i
, Canadian Pacific .. 2,000 117H H7*i 117*5
Central of N J 161
Chei & Ohio 700 33% 33M> 33»s
Chicago & Alton.. 14.100 3S% 3(i'% 3S»4
Chicago & A pfd .. 4.900 84% KJ^- 84%
! Chicago & G W .. 1.300 10% W* 16%
J Chi & G W B pfd. 500 29Ti 29% 2i>V.
Chicago & N W .. 40O 1C7 160** 1«5
. Chicago T & T 10O 124 12H 12
; Chicago T & T pfd 1.600 20 25Vj 25%
i C C C & Et Louis.. .V* 78 77H 78Vi
i Colorado So 1,300 IS 17^, 17%
Colo So l?t pfd 55V4
Colo Sf. 2d pfd .. 700 2<5>i 25% 2B ;
Delaware & Hud.. 5<JO l«6«i lWili 1C5
Del. Lack & West.. 200 273',4 27-1 . . 273
Denver & Rio O .. 2,200 22 21 21*4
r*n & R G Dfd.. W) 70«4 70 10%
Erie 6,400 27?i 27H 27^
Erie l*t pfd 4,255 C7V, B6% 67
Erie 2d pfd feOO 4S 47»g 47*i ,
Great Northern pfd 175
Hocking Valley ... 200 74%-- 74% 74%,
Hocking Val pfd .. 100 84U 8»i, 8S
Illinois Central .. 300 13m 131 13m .
Iowa Central 300 22^* 22 21%
Iowa Central pfd. 2OO 41S 41H 41H
Kansas City So.... «00 20^i 2<IV« 20>,
Kansas City So pfd l.COO 3«H 37^' 38 U
Louisville A Nash.. 1.100 108^ 108% 1C»U
Manhattan L 2.350 144 142% 143'i
Metropolitan Pt Ry 2,000 122^4 121 122^
Minneap & Ft L... S00 67»4 «6 67Vi
j Missouri Pacific ... 6.000 92% 92 924
1 Mo. Kans & Tex.. 500 17% 17Vs 174
M. K & T pfd . . 1,000 404 40 40>i
Nationl of Mex pfd SCO 404 30 40
; N Y Central 800 J19',4 119 11!»4
' Norfolk & Western 600 574 57U 57*4
Norfolk & W pfd 854
Northern Securities 89%
Ontario & Western. 3,»;00 21 T 4 21 Vi 21-f,
Pennsylvania ..:.. 14,500 119!, 119'i 119%
PSttsbg.CC & St L. 63
Reading 1.500 454 **% *•">%
Reading 1st pfd-... 100 784 "S4 "8'i
Reading 2d pfd 60
Rock Island Co .. 39.4O0 24 22»i 2.1%
Rook Isl Co pfd '. . S.200 t>2H 58^4 62H
St L & S F 1st pfd 65
Pt L & S F 2d pfd. 1.200 43 1; 41 V4 43
St Louis S Vi.... 2iX) 14V4 14U 14U
Ft l>ouis S W pfd. 500 34% 34«, 31^
Bt Paul 10.250 144 Vi 14$*« 143 ;i
St Paul pfd 177
Southern Pacific .. 6,100 49*i 49 49>«
Southern Railway 4,600 21% 21>4 21%
Southern Ry pfd.. 400 79» 4 7SVi 784
Texas & Pacific .. 700 2tJi; 25&i 26>A
Tol. St L & West. 200 2«$«i 26^{ 2«>i
T Kt'L & W pfd 200 39U' 39 39
Union Paciflc 6,950 7»H 78T, 7OV4
i;nlon Pac pfd . . 500 90 fiO XT 1 *
Wabash 200 20% 204 20«4
Wabash pfd 1,100 38% 2&\i. 3S9s
Wheel & Lake E.. 50rt 17% 174 17%
•Wisconsin Central 5.S0O 2O4 19% 204
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 8.000 47 444 47
Express Companies —
Adams ~0
Amtrican 190
United States .... 1M
Wells-Farga .... 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper. .. 42,300 514 W>«i Bl«;
Amer Car & Found 700 19'i J9 ll)i 8
Am Car &¦ F pfd.. 3(>0 6SV 4 fiS CS
Amer Lin«eed Oil.. 100 10 10 104
Amcr IJn Oil pfd 29
Arcer Locomotive. . 700 17% 17«i 17^4
Amor Loro pfu 100 77 77 7CU.
Am Srn*!t & Rff-. 1,100 48% 47 ' 8 .48%
Am S & Ref pfd.. 400 90 69% 89%
Amer Sugar Ref... 2,800 123% 12.*. 12.'.
Anaconda Mln Co.. 10" 704 7C4 7GU
Brlclyn Rap Trans. 27.WK) 49% 4Sa^ 4»4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. «0O 304 29>i 30
Colum & Hock Coal roo 14% 14% 14
Consollrtate.1 Gae... 1.100 1934 192% 1B3
Oer.cral Eioctrlc... 400 1734 174 173
i International Paper <XK) 11 4 U\i ll«i
I Interntl Paper pfd. r.00 fi5;i C5j, «.*•
I International Pump 100 33 33 32H
I Int»mtl Pump pfd 724
National Biscuit... 400 .1914 3SU 804
National Lead 300 16 16 15%
North American... 2.0OO S!»4 854 SS%
Pacific Mall 3.B00 33»i 31% .'11?;
Prople's Ga« 1,400 OS'i 1*7^ 07%
Preened Fteel Car.. 400 29 2S 20
Pressed S Car pfd. ', 200 69^4 GO'S «C»
Pullman Palace Car 215
Reimbiic Steel 1,100 .7 «J"4 6 T B
Republic Steel pfd. 500 42T» " 42'i 42%
Ruhber G«od.« ljiU
Rubber Goods pfd 73(4
Teim Coal & Iron.. B.40O SS% 374 3-S%
U .S Leathtr .TOO 74 7% 7%
Ij S Leather pfd... .%00 77 7C% ?7>,
U S Rubber 300 12Vi 124 . 12U
IT S Rubber pfd... POO 45 4:{\4 45'
U S Ftetl '..... 20,400 11U 10U I1U
V S Steel jjfd S0.100 59% 5S% 69%
Wcstern Union 300 S7% 87H 87is
Total tales 454,700 shares.
CNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO
t'^. E h V d Y ,? RK ,- JaD - IS— Bond transactions
i-,, tw l R^'lroads of E«n Francisco: 10,000 at
n'.f. 30.000 fit 77%: lOOO at 77%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY".
American Can common* 3% bid, 4 asked:
preferred. S3 Md. 34 asked. ,
NEW YORK BONDS.
*¦*»? ref 2" "I --105%;Louis & N uni 4s. fiS»i
}>° _ CO «P «»* Manhattan c g 4s.HH
S° 3 * rf S 10« M*x Cent 4s ...70>i
£0 coup iw% Do 1st inc ... 154
Do new 4s reg.l32Vt Minn & St L 4i.. 05
Po coup 13314 Mo Kan & T 4s. 97U
Do old 4s reg.lO7H Do 2ds 794
P® , COU P 1074 N R R of M c 4s. 74
Do 5s reg 10U4 X y Cent g 3K g 08
Do coup 101U N J Cent g Bs..l30
A^ K? iB 10 ° Nor Pacific 4s...lO2T 4
Do adjt 4s R«?H Do 3s 72
Atlantic C L 4s. M Nor & West c'ii" 07
B^»° *¦ ° **---10J I 4 O S L 4s & Par! 9^4
Do 3Vjs fU5% Penn conv 3^« .. 85%
Cent of Ga &«.... 104^i Reading Gen 4s.. l)5U
Do lrt Inc ... ff> St L & I M c Ba.irt!
Che* & Ohio 41U.102* St L & S F fg 4s S.1%
Chi & Alton 34s. 75% St L 8 W lsts srtS
C B & Q new 4s. 01 4 Seaboard A L 4s' 6B
C M & K P S 4«.1O9U So Paciflc 4s . «£li
Chi Sz N W c 7s.l31% So Railway 5s .Yl?
C It I & P R R 4s 70% Tex & Pac lsts ..118U
Do col 6a ..... 70«, TolSt L &• W 4s 70
CCC&SLg4s. 96 Union Paciflc 4e!jO2tt
Chi Terns 4» .... 8I4 Do eonr 4«..... 074'
Con Tobacco 4ei. C7%iU 8 SteeJ'2d Ss 734
Colo & So 4* 87 4 Wabash lets M... 11514
Denver A K G 4s. 97% Do Deb B .... C5U
Erie prior lien 4s. 97 ! Wheel t L E 4s. 00
Do Gen 4s * 84 Vs j Wis '. Cent 4a 89 >4
Ft W & D C Ists.ia-J Colo F & I c Cs. 73
Hocking Val 4'>.1O3 I
New York Stock market firm on the day.
.Local Securities not materially changed.
Silver declined sharply. Sterling Exchange higher.
Wheat and Barley quiet, with lorcer Futures.
Oats and Corn firmly held. Rye very quiet. : .
Hay and Feedstuff s not affected b\< the rain. . .
Beans and Seeds about as before quoted.
Potatoes in larger receipt, but rather firmer. Onions lower.
Poultry cleaning up well. Wild Ducks higher.
Cold weather still against the Orange market.
Butter steady, with light stocks. Eggs zceak.
Cheese market glutted and in u bad ivay.
Provisions higher at Chicago a lid inactive here.
Hops still firm and in good demand.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
SHEEP— Wethers. 334 ©4c; Ewes, 3K©3%0
per Ib (gross weight).
LAMBS — 4H@5c per Ib.
HOGS— -Live Hogs. 140 to 180 lbs. S^SS^c:
over ISO lbs. Sc; soft Hogs. 4 He; sows, 20 per
cent off; -Boars. CO per .cent off, and Stags, 40
per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise."
BAGS — Grain Bags. 3®5Hc; San Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32©S3c; Fleece Twin*. 7%»
8c.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per. ton; New Wel
lington $3; Seattle. $6 SO; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
, ver Hill. $5 50; Standard, $7; Roslyn. $7;
1 Cocs Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7: Rlch-
I mend. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
SI 4; Welsh Anthracite Egg. S13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Cok*. $11 509
IS per ton In . bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c. Linseed, 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for 'Taw; Ca«tor OU. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers 1 AA. $1 11*31 12: Locol. 44c tor boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. WKjjTOe p«r gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 63o
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 80c: natural winter Sperm Oil,- 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. Cfic; natural WhaU
Oil. 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. S5c;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75e;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. <£c; light Herrtnc OIL 45c;
dark Herring Oil 43c: Salmon-Oil. 33c; boiled
Fich Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled Paint
Oil. S5c: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coat Oil
In bulk. 15c; Pearl Oil In eases. 21^c; Astral.
21%c; Star. 21%c; Extra Star. 25»4c: Elaine.
27 Vic; Eocene. 24HC; deodorized Stove Gasoline,
in bulk, 17c; In cases. 23Hc; Benxtne, in bulk.
13c t In cases. 19 'Ac; 88-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — We per gallon In cases and
S2c In drums and Iron barrels.
P.ED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%©
7c per Ib: White Lead. 6&@7c. according to
quantity. ;
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per Ib. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5-C5c:
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.60c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40e; B«et Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.20c*. Confectioners'
A. 5.40c: Macnolla A. 5c: Extra C. 4.00c:
Golden C. 4.80c: "D." 4.70c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c mere; boxes. 50c more; 50-Ib
bars. lOo more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels. 5.00c: boxes. -0.15c; H. A E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.40c cer Ib. . No orders taken for
less than i»venty-flve barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY JANUARY IS.
Flour qr sks .. 10.C2;"! Shorts, sks J0O
Wheat ctls 2,44f> H&uins bxj.... l.fiOO
Barley, ctls .... 8.07«'' Pelts. No. .... 215
Oats ctls 1.44C Hides. No 232
; Rye ' ctl* 1. (CO Sugar, ctla ., . . 800
Beans>. sk* .... MS Quicksilver flks 80
Potatoes sks .. ft. MK1 Leather, rolls .. 71
Onions *ks ... l.OrtO Wine gals ....118.500
Bran aks 1.402 Tallow, ctls ... 20
Middlings, sks.. 045 Lime, bbls 317
Hay tor.s 800 nrandy.- gals .. 6SO
Straw, tons .... 5 Pap«»r. reams... Cts
Wool, bales SO Chicory. bbl»... , ,75
Screenings, sks. SSfti ¦ • . . .
WASHINGTON.
¦Flour, qr sks .. 5.4C0f Shorts, aks .... 2.5C0
Bran, sks 3.500)
pathy about 50 points, closing at $25 60@28 85
for spot, a ¦
¦ Copper also was easier in London, spot los
ing 14s, closing at -£37 3s Od, and futures de
clined Its I'd to £56 17s 6<1. Locally copper was
unchanged. Lake is quoted at $12 75^13 50:
electrolytic. $12 62&@12 87%; casting, $12 50®
12 75. -^
Lead advanced Is 3d to £11 13s 0d in London
and was also firmer here, closing at $4 55@
4 CO.
Spelter was unchanged at £21 12s 6d in Lon
don, and was quiet locally at $4 05@5 05.
Iron closed at 40s 9d in Glasgow and at 42s
3d in Middlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry. Northern, ?15i8!18;
No. 2 foundry. Northern, $14®15: No. 1 foun
[ dry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry. Southern,
i soft. $14 25.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— The visible supply
of rrain Saturday, January 1(5, as compiled
by the New York Produce Exchange, is as
j follows: Wheat 40.730,000 bushels. Increase
i 17(5,000 bushels; corn (1,624.000 bushels, in
, crt-ase 50,000 bushels; oats S,(C2,oeO bushels,
, decrease W.OOO bushels: rye 1.275,000 bushels,
| increass 30.C00 bushels; barley 5,142.000 bush-
I els', decrease' 227. COO bushels. ' "
i ¦-•¦¦' : r-r-r :.' .-.. ; ¦ .
¦ .-. Illinois Butter .. ;¦
• ELGIN.';! 111'.. Jan. 19.— Butter 'ruled 'firm on'
the Board: of* Trade to-day at 21c, a decline ot
•2c from last week, owing to the decreased de
mand. Sales for the week,: 42$, COO pounds.' • '.
*--'" ' • St. "Louis Wool "Market: .• ¦
I - ¦ ST.* LOUIS. Jan. .18.— Wool, nominal. Me
dium.gradfs. - combing and clothing. 17<321e
light'fine,-15#.17->6c; heavy. fine, 124il4Uc- tub
washed, :20@21c. ' ; .... . / . .
'i fee' fork .Colt on . Market. ."'.'
I '-, NE^ y YORK. Jan. lS.i-The i cotton market
closed uteady. 22#2S points higher.
Northern Wheat Market'. A,; .
- . • - ' ¦.'. OREGON.. .¦ -J- •" . "
PORTLAND, Jan. IS. — Wheat — Walla
Walla. 73«|74c; ; bluestem, 7O0SOc ; valley. 7Stf i
-•:• WASHINGTON. •
_ TACOMA..-;- Jan. . lS:—Wheat— Unchanged
Blue&tem, 70c; club, SOc. - ' .. «- '".uangca.
• Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Jan. IS.— Clearings, $<57S 000
balances. $135,444. - ' '
u \h.i£ u ¦ ¦**-?**«»* ..wwi'
1 - 18 - Clear1^. 5802.057;
b.!a P n°c^4%.335 an - * 435 ' 878:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 1901.
13
XEW TORK. Jan. IS. — The stock market
rrsj-cnrfrd to-day to the favorable turn of sen
tinvrnt abrr>ad over the Far Eastern outlook
yrA tee nctabl* 6trengtherir.gr of the local
morey situation. There wu a. more active
dv. 1 broader market, and during the final hour
the trading took on aomethtag like anima
tion. The name striking preference for stocks
,'. minor railroad* and industrials for Kpecula
¦f.vr movements that have been -In evidence
ior Fome time was the ccrutpicuous feature oi
the trading. New York Ontral and Louisville
ar-1 -Xa*nville one-point raove
m<tit early in the day. but u wm not until
lat<: n! the last hour of -the session that St.
Paul snnvM up 1 ri . . This exhausted the Met
of etandord railroad nocks which made any
•nornnrnt »-ortby of notice. The Rock Island
'stocks wer» taken v&corouai' Sp «a&3, •»>•
AVrr Knr^ Stock Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
ADCTION SALES
SPECIAL ADCTION SALE
"ijx-^ AT £_^
AECADEHOfiSE MABKET,3nSlITB ST.
WEDNESDAY". January 20. at II a. m. '
I will sell to highest bidder all of the
HORSES and BUGGIES belonging to the lata
Dr. Jerome Anderson, deceased, consisting of
4 horses, 1 doctor's buggy. 1 trap. 1 surry. 1
bike buggy, 4 gets of harness.
ALSO :«> rood ALL PURPOSE HORSES
and MARES.
Every horaa must be as represented or money
refunded.
¦ JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
*\_^ AT "AUCTION— I will sell 1 span of
A-*9 handsam* donkeys and harness, business
and rubber-tired buggies, and also a lot of
wagons, surreys, cart* and harness; also 40
head of all-purpose horse* on TUESDAY. Jan-
uary 13. 11 a. m.. 1140 FOLSOM ST.Those . who Cough at . Night .may, secure ; rest
bx taking Piso'sCur*. Druggists. • 25c" bottle.*
SALT LAKE. Jan. 18.— Daniel S.
Dana* 'cousin of the late, Charles A.
Dana of 'the New.vYork Sun, died here
to-day,' aged 78. Dana had 1 resided In
this , city, . for. , a.% number of years and
was 'engaged -In 'the mining-* business.
In the sixties "Ire was attorney, for the
Treasury:, Department inU Washington
and "later, he was a member of the Su
preme bench of Ohio.
Judge Daniel S. Dana Dies.
PARIS, Jan. 18.— A duel was fought
to-day between Jean Stern, "a' 'well
known sportsman, and Count-Robert
de Montesquiou-Fezenac.vthe poet and
writer, who delivered a series of "Jec
tures to society women 'in ¦• New 'York
early last year. The dispute; which
led to the encounter, grew out of pub
lic criticisms by. ,the Count, of: Mad
ame Stern. "The Count receiyedUhree
sword wounds, but : was not "seriously
injured. « . . .. '.-' .:•- , .
Sportsman and Poet in Duel.
'TEHACHAPL ' Jan. . 18. — Donald
Monroe died suddenly at his residence
at Cameron last night. He had been
slightly Indisposed, for a' few days. He
spent. last evening. with his family as
usual and retired early. This morning
he was dead in his bed. /Heart, dis
ease was the cause. He was. well and
favorably known throughout . Central
California, especially among cattle and
sheep men. Hewas born In St. Law
rence County, N. Y.. in '1839 and came
to California in 1859 and to Tehachapl
frP 1 865. .Tie leaves a wife and six
children. , . -
Pioneer Cattleman Dies Suddenly.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 18.— William Lan
sing, a veteran actor who trod the
boards with Booth and I Barrett, Irv
ing and other noted tragedians/ passed
away. Saturday night at the County
Infirmary, to which, institution he was
conveyed from this city six weeks ago.
He had resided ." here for two . years
and was a sufferer, and cripple from
rheumatism. Lansing was a close
personal friend of Nat Goodwin and
the- last time I the ' comedian was in
San Francisco he paid Lansing a visit
here. The dead actor was a natlveof
New York and 52 years of • ae». . He
leaves a daughter, who Is now playing,
an engagement in New York City.
His funeral will , be held to-morrow
morning at 11 o'clock, from a local
undertaking parlor. . Interment .will
be in Evergreen Cemetery. .
Life's Curtain • Lowers.
Columbia.
Mrs. Langtry • began her second
week at the Columbia last night, pre
senting "Mrs. Deering's Divorce" to a
crowded house. '
Gas heaters, formerly $4.50. now $2.50,
at San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, 415 Post street. •
J. M. Douglass, whose , name has
been'associated with the .history of
the State of Nevada since the earliest
days of; the Comstock, diedTSunday
afternoon at°"the Waldeck Hospital in
this city from blood poisoning. He
Joseph M. Douglass, Long Famons.on
the Old Comstock, Passes Away.
MI LLIONAIRE MIXER DEAD.
The deceased leaves a wife and four
children, George. Emma, Adelaide and
Jennie Resseguie.
. for the funeral have
not; yet been'Vnade. \
OAKLAND, Jan. 18. — James Glea
son Resseguie, one of the oldest em
ployes of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and who for more than twenty
three years had been an engineer on
the Seventh-street local, died sudden
ly this morning at his residence, 1287
Eleventh avenue.
Mr. Resseguie was taken ill. at 11
o'clock last night and died at 3 o'clock
this morning.
James G. Resseguie. Railroad Engin
: eer Dies Suddenly. .
MAKES LAST RUN'.
Death Calls Prominent Official.
MCTORIA, B. C. Jan. 18.—Alex
ander Roland Milne. C. M. G., Collec
tor of Customs here for many vears.
died to-day. He was a recognized au
thority an matters pertaining to seal
ing and was honored with the order of
commander of St. Michael's and St
George by Queen Victoria for the work
la connection with the preparation of
the Canadian case for the Paris tri
bunal regarding pelagic sealing.
ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough Balaam the eafe.
wune and fruarantced cure. 25c. 50c. Drasg1«te.»
Harry S. Huff, for many^years Chi
nese interpreter in the county and
Federal -courts, died yesterday in a
local sanitarium, to which he was
committed recently. He was a native
of Maine, 45 years of age, and is sur
vived by two sisters. .
A few years ago Huff was convicted
of killing a man. - Many of his friends
contended that he was justified in the
act and when he was liberated they
interested themselves in his behalf
and secured for, him the appointment
of interpreter in the United States
courts.^ It became apparent some
time ago that the killing was still
preying on his mind -and the worst
fears of. his friends were. realized sev
eral weeks ago, when Huff was pro
nounced insane.- He was sent to the
local sanitarium with little hope -of
recovering. '
• The funeralwill be held to-morrow
af teriioori ¦ f rom the - undertaking par
lors of Porter & White. The Inter
ment will be in Odd Fellows' Cem
etery. ¦ • ¦ ' : " .; " ;;.;..^ .
Well Known Interpreter Passes Away
¦ in Sanitarium. .
Barr and La.Salle made a hit at the
Chutes yesterday. In their sketch. "The
Kxpressman's Reception." and Natalia
Delgado. a . Spanish dancer, showed a
beautiful costume and some pleasing
steps. - The Girdellers. up-to-date acro
bats, gave a parlor entertainment and
Paul La Drew and Fred La Zone con
tinued their comedy ! character act,
"The Daffy Dame and the Tad." Mabel
Lamson was heard In new illustrated
song3 and Mr. and Mrs. Walter Deaves*
Merry Mannikins and the Animato
scope; showing many novel moving pic
tures, completed 1 an unusually Interest
ing programme. .The amateurs will ap
pear on Thursday night.
Chutes.
Louis Wolf, a well known citizen,
died yesterday at his residence, 636
Cole street, aged 69 years. The de
ceased is survived by his wife, Fan
nie, and a son. E. Myron Wolf, the
State Insurance Commissioner.
State Official's Father Expires.
HUFFS LIFE ENDS.
The overworked Eye. the faded Eye,
the red and inflamed Eye, the Eye that
needs care, relieved by Murine Eye Rem
edy. At all druggists'. . •
"When Johnny Comes Marching
Home" began its second week last
night at the Tivoli under favorable
auspices, and judging* from its success
it is in for a long run.
Tivolf. •
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— Loraine
Rogers, an old and well known theat
rical manager, is dead at Spring Val
ley,: N. Y., of apoplexy. Rogers, who
was 70 years of age, was owner and
organizer of the Brooklyn. Theater
when it was burned many years ago,
with accompanying great loss of life.
Since the death of his wife, Charlotte
Thompson, the actress, ten years ago,
he, had retired. . t
Passing of Loraine Rogers.
The musical farce. "The Beauty
Shop." continues to be the attraction
at Fischer's Theater and is greeted
with crowded houses.
Fischer's.
Attending the affair were the heads
of all the e'epartments of the Southern
Pacific Company and many of their
subordinates, representatives of other
railroad companies and a num!«r of
Mr. Foster's personal friends.
There were about forty present at
the dinner and all united in showing
to the honored guest of the evening
their regret over his contemplated
cet,:tr«ure from the local railroa 1
¦world and expressing to him their best
•wishes for h J s future success in his
new field of labor in Los Angeles.
A fare-<*ll dinner was given in the
red room of the Bohemian Club last
evening to X. H. Foster, who resigned
several days ago the position of man
ager's assistant of the Southern Pa
cific Company, with which* he hai
been connected for many years.
X. H. FOSTER GIVEN
A FAREWELL DINNER
met with an accident in Virginia City
some time ago and was brought to
this city for treatment.
. He was S4 years of age and was the
lftst of the old Comstock resident mil
lionaires. He leaves an estate of a
value of $1,750,000, of which $500,000
la in Spring Valley Water Company
bonds and. other local, securities; a
$250,000 judgment recently given, him
in the United States Circuit Court
against Polk County, Missouri, and
$200,000 in Nevada property.
In a will executed on November/16
last Douglass bequeathed his entire
estate to two nephews, W. J. and R.
L. Douglass. Another nephew, W. G.
Douglass, Secretary of State of Ne
vada, is not provided for In the will,
but it is understood that, his uncle
settled on him a large sum of money
some months ago. ". .". .
A big audience at the Central Theater
got the worth of its money In the min
gled tragedy anrx comedy that go to
make up the plot of "A Bowery Girl."
There are sensations In every act, but
the most thrilling ones are a dynamite
explosion, in which the villain gets the
worst of his own job. and the burning
of a tenement house, in tvhich the hero
lpe is imprisoned. The brave rescue of
the girl from the flames enthused the,
audience to the extent of four or five
curtain calls. "A Bowery Girl" con
tains all the elements of an up-to-date
melodrama and will be a very strong
bill all this week at the Central. For
the week beginning January 25 a big
spectacular production of "Quo Vadls"
is announced..
Central.
Train established the rlrm of Train
& Co., shipping agents, in Melbourne,
Australia, in 1853. and became a pro
moter of railroad building in Europe
and America in 1858. He organized the
commune In. Marseilles in 1870, and
was tried for insanity in 1872. In the
same year he made an independent
canvass for the Presidency of the
United States. ¦ / .
Train made four trips around the
world/holding the record for fast trav
eling. He wrote several books, includ
ing "An American in 'Eu
rope, Asia and Australia," "Young
America Abroad." "Irish Independence"
and "Championship of Women."
- "Citizen" George Francis Train .was
born In Boston on .March 24, 1829. In
1833 his mother and three sisters died of
yellow feyer at New Orleans and he
was sent north to his grandmother in
Waltham, Mass. He attended village
school and successively became farm
hand, grocer boy and shipping clerk.
At the, age of 20-he was a partner in
a business concern, afterward estab
lishing a branch office in Liverpool.
He was married in Louisville, Ky., to
Wilhelmina Wilkinson, a daughter of
Colonel G. T. M. Davis.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
will run six exclusive excursions tn
Alaska, season of 1904. leaving Seattle.
Tacoma and Victoria. June 7-21. July
£-19 and August 2-16.
Full information, including illustrated
descriptive literature, may be obtained
at ticket offices, 4 New Montgomery
et. <Palace Hotel) or 10 Market st. C.
D. Dunann. General Passenger Agent. •
Those contemplating an excursion trip
to Alaska the coming summer should at
tend the lecture to be given by Mr. E.
Burton Holmes in Lyric Hall. 121 Eddy
street, on the evening of January 19.
Mr. Holmes illustrates his work by
many fine stereopticon views, including
a number of motion pictures.
Alaska Excursions,
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— George Fran
cis Train died tb-nlght from heart dis
ease at Mills' Hotel No. 1, where he has
lived for some years. The heart disease
followed an acute attack of nephritis.
HEART DISEASE
KILLS GEORGE
FRANCIS TRAIN
In the title part Miss Adele Block's
vivacity was artistically modulated,
and she only displayed overexuberance
when she could not very well exercise
repression and make her idea Intelligi
ble. Miss Adele. Belgarde was appro
priately statuesque as a brummagem
Knickerbocker dame, and Miss Fran
ces Starr has seldom had better oppor
tunity to show her Ingenue piquancy
than she Is afforded in the role tT Cher
ry Perry, soubrette. Miss Marie Howe,
never a misfit, played the Irish < aunt
charmingly. The men moved through
the piece nicely, and for a first produc
tion the hitches were notably few and
ingeniously repaired. Indeed, in the
h/incls of a company less In harmony
and equipped with less readiness of re
source, "Mrs. Jack" would 'ave re
flected even less luster upon the lady
who constructed it.
Hilarity ran riot last evening .in the
audience compartment of the Alcazar
while the first act of "Mrs. Jack'' was
In progress, but after that there was
gradual subsidence of the mirth until
the outbursts became Infrequent and
weak of volume. It was no fault of the
players that the fun failed of suste
nance, for no coterie of stagefolk ever
worked with more intelligence or con
scientious endeavor to make the most
of the material' assigned them. They
were in nowise responsible for the
structural defects of the play.
"Mrs. Jack" was written by Grace
Livingston Furniss, and is classified as
"a farcical comedy In three acts." The
first act Is chockful of smart dialogue
that compensates to some extent for
inadequate action and the farcical ele
ment is well sustained. But Grace Liv
ingston Furniss. evidently exhausted
her grabbag of epigrams on the first
chapter, for the lines of the two suc
ceeding ones are "largely reiterative and
much given to unnecessary interchange
of reminiscence. And the climax of act
2 Is a bit of melodrama — masked bur
glars, revolvers and impossible heroics
— so pronounced that the gallery at the
Central would demand a dozen repeti
tions of it. Act 3 is mostly composed
of platitudes clothed In slang. Some
body Is "up against It" or else it Is "up
to" somebody. After the Initial act the
piece Is chiefly remarkable for Its In
consistencies.
The police think that , the letters ' and
papers that Soeder was so anxious to
secure referred to the conspiracy to
murder a victim for gain. . ¦
Soeder went so far as to offer Frank
Cannon, a man convicted' of". burglary,
the sum of $300 to burn down: the horne
of Miss Flatley in order that the in
criminating letters and papers might be
destroyed. . : •;
Bowie hasalso informed; the police
that when he met Soeder the latter was
in possession of a gold- watch set with
a diamond and also, wore 'at diamond
ring. Soeder Informed him that he had
just returned- from Germany and that
he had come' Into a large inheritance.
Soeder displayed a receipt from a jew
eler's on Third : street, where he^ stated
he had bought the watch and ring.
James Bowie, a cook, residing at 749
Harrison street, has informed Detective
Gibson that he had known Soeder for
seven years. Three weeks ago Bowie
met Soeder and Blaise on Third street.
Soeder took Bowie, Into < a -saloon and
made a proposition to him to steal his
trunk from the house of Miss/Catherine
Flatley. 300 Marshall street, and prom
ised him J40 / for the work. Shortly
afterward Soeder met a cook who in a
friend of Bowie and promised him $20
to assist Bowie In stealing the trunk.
Bowie and his friend decided to have
nothing to do/ with , Soeder, knowing
that he was anex-convlct and-.feared
ho was leading them into a trap. "
Soeder's. reason for asking the two
men. to secure his. trunk was that lie
desired to secure some letters and pa
pers which he did not desire Miss Flat
ley to see. ' .¦ " • •
DESIRED HIS TRUNK STOLEN.
That Soeder was prepared to enter
into desperate criminal acts Is still fur
ther proven by evidence secured yes
terday. . ...
The woman's evidence is of the
greatest value, for it discredits Soe
der's former statement that he was In
his room all last Sunday . evening,
when Blaise met his death. The po
lice have the .woman under surveil
lance.
All persons interviewed by. the police
have been warned to say nothing con
cerning the case to any one except the
detectives detailed to secure informa
tion, while some persons have been
threatened with arrest. The reason for
the secrecy maintained by the police is
that they deshre to secure sufficient evi
dence to warrant the arreat of otner
pet sens. They are perfectly .satisfied
that they now have sufficient evidence
to warrant the conviction of Soeder on
a charge of murder.
Up to two days ago the police, lacked
the evidence of some person to disprove
the alibi of Soeder that he spent the
evening of the murder in ' his room.
The police now ha've a witness to prove
that Soeder was seen in &; saloon on
Pacific street drinking with a- woman
on the Sunday night that Blaise was
murdered. The time that Soeder was
seen in the saloon was two hours after
the hour that Blaise was murdered, the
time of death being fixed at between 9
and 9:30 p. m. by medical testimony.
Detective Thomas Gibson has found
a woman named Teresa, an habitue of
the O. K. saloon dance hall, 517 Pa
cific street, who drank with Leon:Soe
der on Sunday night, two hours after
Blaise was murdered on Russian Hill..
The girl told Gibson and John
Grasso, proprietor of the saloon, that
she is positive that the man was Soe
der, because he had been there on
several occasions before, and once
while there he had his brother-in-law
Blaise with him.
It is known, positively that Chief of
Police Wittman has telegrams in his
possession, sent from New York and
Europe, proving that others were asso
ciated with Soeder in the conspiracy
that led to murder.
WARNED TO KEEP SILENT.
Eight hoursh were lost to the police
by the actions of Captain Martin on
the day the murder was reported. When
the information was sent to police
headquarters that Blaise had been
found dead with his, throat cut, Mar
tin visited the scene of the crime and
then declared that the case was one of
accident. Then he changed his mind
and declared it was suicide, and it was
not until the insurance men appeared
at police headquarters that Martin ad
mitted that the case was one of mur
der. ¦ * ¦ :
In the meantime Soeder was allowed
to roam around the city, take his
clothes to a cleaning works? pawn his
revolver and make away with any
evidence that might have had a direct
bearing on the murder of Blaise.
All the evidence in the possession of
the police has been secured by the work
of Detective Tom Gibson. Gibson was
not put on the case until Soeder had
had every opportuni*" to cover up, his
tracks and destroy important evidence.
While Gibson will not talk and his
superiors refuse to give out any In
formation, it is known that the police
are working on the. lines that a con
spiracy existed that led to the murder
of Blaise for the purpose of securing
money on insurance policies on -the life
of the dead man.
TIME LOST BY THE POLICE.
As in the first stages of the rfurrant
and Botkin murder cases, the police
are either denying the truth of or con
fessing'absolute ignorance as to the
news published concerning evidence
discovered by them.
According to Captain of Detectives
Martin he has accomplished nothing in
the case, liver since the discovery of
the murder of Blaise, Captain Martin
has had but one answer to all ques
tions—"There is nothing new."
The Police Department li using every
means at its disposal to keep secret all
the Information secured against Leon
Soeder, who stands charged with the
murder of his brother-in-law^ Joseph
Blaise. The explosive publication in
The Call yesterday that the police were
actively engaged in searching for evi
dence to warrant the arrest of at least
three accomplices of .Soeder created
considerable, comment in police circles.
Work on this line is still being dili
gently carried on..
It waB given out in Sacramento last
evening that Governor Pardee has de
cided to confer on Major John B.
Laack, traveling passenger agent of
the Southern Pacific Company, and one
of the best known Grand Army men in
this State, the position of adjutant
general of Califrvrr.ia. now held by
Hrlgadier General George Stone. Ear
lier in the day it was learned at the
railroad office that Major Lauck had
handed in his resignation to take ef
fect o:i the last day of the present
month and this bit of news, which was
b^inpr carefully fruarded. was promptly
accepted as confirmatory of the infor
mation received from Sacramento.
Major Lauck has been connected with
th«- Southern Pacific Company's pas
«.-<-np*M- department f<>r many years and
i?' regarded as a valuable employe by
the officials of that road. He has also
been active in Grand Army circles and
the State Guard for years and served
f<">r a long time as commander of one
nf the companies of the Fifth Infantry*
Regiment in Oakland, of which Gov
ernor Parde^ was once also a member.
He Is considered a very capable man
for the position of adjutant general and
it is no doubt this fact that commend
ed him to Governor Pardee.
Simultaneous with the announcement
of Major Lauck's proposed retirement
from the railroad service another was
made that Floyd S. Judah. at present
a clerk in the informaUon bureau, is to
cucceod Lauck as traveling passenger
agent. Young Judah is the son of H.
R. Judah. assistant general passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific Company,
and has received much of his railroad
education under the watchful eye of
his expprieneed and popular parent.
"When "William McMurray recently re
signed the position of chief of the in
formation bureau it was expected that
Judali would bo his successor, but in
the light of yesterday's events it ap
pears that the head of the passenger
traffic department of the road had an
other and equally as good position in
store for the young man.
At present harmony reigns in the
Republican camp of the Second Dis
trict. As no election for Governor Is
pending" there are no indications that
disturbing elements will be thrown into
the Congressional contest. It is re
ported that Assistant United States
Attorney D. E. McKinlay of Sonoma is
willing to accept the Republican nomi
nation'for Congress in this ' district.
Efforts are being put forward to induce
Judge John A. Barham of Santa Rosa,
who represented the old .First District
In- Congress for several terms, to re
enter the political arena.. "Word comes
from Yuba County that Colonel E. A.
Forbes may be chosen to carry the
party's standard in the cominsf Con
gressional battle. Frank L. Coombs is
practicing law in' Napa. Many- of his
old-time adherents advise him to ask
for the nomination. It Is predicted that
he would defeat his former antagonist.
Theodore A. Bell. It Is said . that Mr.
Coombs will await th« turn of events.
Republicans who are familiar with ex
istinsr conditions in the district are con
fident that the Democrats cannot hold
the advantage gained two years ago.
It is admitted that Mr. Bell is perr
sonally popular and also energetic, but
the party he represents cannot win
against united Republicans.
At the general election in November,
1902, Frank L. Coombs, the Republican
nominee, received 21.181 votes. Theo
dore A. Bell received 21.536. Sacra
mento County, much to the surprise of
the Republicans, gave the Democratic
candidate- for Congress a -small major
ity. -The clashing of the Flint and
Gage forces for control of certain dele
gations-to the Republican State con
vention caused a bitter flpht against
Mr. Coombs. The fight did not end
with the adjournment of the State con
vention, but was prolonged until the
day 6f election. Ties of personal friend
ship and fraternal association impelled
the Republican nominee for -Congress
to express sympathy with Mr. Flint's
aspiration for, gubernatorial honors.
Leaders of the anti-Flint faction retal
iated by knifing Coombs at the general
election. •.
The election next November of a
solid Republican Congressional delega
tion I from California would not create
much surprise In the political camps.
The preliminaries for the contest in the
Second. District are now under consid
eration. The counties of Mendocino,
Glenn. . Col usa, Butte. Sutter. -Yuba,
Sacramento, Yolo, Lake. Napa. Sonoma
and Marin comprise this district, which
is now represented in Congress by The
odore A. Bell of Napa. It is common
gossip that the Republicans, under
fairly acceptable leadership, .can regain
the lost ground next November. It is
regarded as settled that Mr. Bell will
be renominated by the Democrats.
Luporini did lot see the men until
they had pounced upon him. He start
ed to resist, and was promtply. rapped
on the head with the butt of a revolver.
The baker was momentarily stunned by
the- blow, but was conscious enough to
know that one. of the thugs still had
him covered, while the other was going
through his pockets. ' .•
Taking the $130, r.ll the money the un
fortunate man had in his possession,
¦the two robbers started to run down
Broadway to the water front" Luporini
had a police whistle, and as soon as the
thieves started lo run he blew it vig
orously.
Officers Silver and Minahan, who
happened to be in the neighborhood,
heard the whistle and chdsed the flee
ing robbers down Broi dway. They
were joined by several oedestrians and
pursued the thugs to a point near the
water front, where they- escaped among
the numerous freigl.t cars that line the,
streets at that place.
The pursuit was very exciting for the
time that it lasted. The. police * are
still working on the case and hope to
apprehend 'the criminals before long.
¦'Antone Luporini, an Italian baker,
was held up an robbed of $130 early
Monday moTning. ; Luporini was walk
ing up Broadway, near Montgomery
avenue, when two men wearing black
masks jumped^out. f rom ; a dark door
way and, thrusting- revolvers' into the
Italian's face;; commanded him to turn
over his cash.
Practically if not all the troops going
to and coming from the Philippines
pass through here, and the post should
from its standpoint of importance be
placed second to none in this coun
try. All had calculated that the visit
of the Secretary would bring about the
desired results.
General MacArthur has decided to
postpone the crand review of all the
troops announced for Wednesday morn
ing until a later date.
No post in the United States is so
prominent before the nation to-day
from a military standpoint as the Pre
sidio, and no post has received so little
attention and so little consideration
from the Government. No post in the
Unien can to-day boast of so many
troops quartered within its environ
ments, and no post is so inadequately
fitted for the housing of these troops.
It is true that during the last six
rtvmths improvements to the extent of
possibly J250.000 have been made. These,
however, were actual necessities.
NEEDS OF THE PRESIDIO.
It was the original intention to land
the Secretary at Oakland mole, but the
Slocum is too deep draught to land
there, so the ferry slip will be the ob
jective point.
Why the new Secretary is to be hur
ried through in such great haste may
lead to many conjectures. Perhaps the
sounds of war., in Japan and at the
isthmus of Panama may have had
something to do with the Secretary's
movements, and this is the only pos
sible apology that can be offered to
San Francisco for his not remaining
here long enough to inspect so impor
tant a post as the Presidio and to give
him an insight into the harbor, its de
fenses and its needs.
The Slocum will then proceed imme
diately to the ferry slip at the foot of
Market street, where the Secretary will
board the ferry leaving at 10 a. m. to
connect with the through train to the
East.
According to the present arrange
ments the reception to the new Secre
tary will tak* place immediately after
the steamer Korea passes through the
Golden Gate. That is. the formal
greeting from the representatives of
the Government will be extended to the
distinguished official by Colonel George
Andrews, adjutant general o* the Di
vision of the Pacific, who goes as rep
resentative of weneral MacArthur. and
Major Parker W. West, aid to General
MacArthur.
RECEPTION' ON* KOREA.
MacArthur, Presidio. San Francisco: Arrive
Pan Francisco daylight January 23. under or
ders to leave Tor East 10 o'clock same morning.
bo cannot accept your Invitation. Kindly have
ycur ai'l notify Pippey, president Union
league; San Francisco Chamber of Commerce;
President Wheeler. Berkeley; E. S, Pillsbury.
lawyer, and Maddox, University Club, San
Francisco, of this fact, and ¦ sincere regret it
inability to accept their hospitality. .¦ TAFT.
The. announcement that ex-Governor
Taft. the new Secretary of War, will
.give San Francisco the "go-by" and
proceed straight on to Washington is
the cause of great disappointment to
the citizens of San Francisco and also
to all the army officials here.
The plans for the grand review of
the troops at the Presidio and the en
tertainment to be given to the distin
guished guest are all upset by the ca
blegram that Governor Taft has sent
to General MacArthur. It is as fol
lows:
HONOLULU, H. T.. Jan. 16, 390*.
Officers Are Still Working to
Secure Facts Against Men
Who Were in the Conspiracy
"A Bowery Girl" Wins Favor of
Large Audience-Mrs. Langtry
Continues to Attract Crowds
Important Army Post Which
Is in Need of Improvements
Is Not to Be Visited by Chief
Party Stands Excellent Chance
of Electing a. Solid Delega
tion From the Golden State
Officers .-land Pedestrians Give
Chase i-to Fleeing Men' Who
Eludes Pursuit Among Cars
To Be Succeeded in Southern
Pacific Company by Floyd S.
Judah of Information Bureau
WILL LEAVE RAILROAD
CRIMINALS MAKE ESCAPE
WITNESSES ARE SILENT
ASPIRANTS IN THE FIELD
3IEL0DBA3IA AT CENTRAL
PRESIDIO GETS THE GO-BY
Clever Acting by Them Hides
Some Structural Defects in
Farcical Comedy, "Mrs. Jack"
."Well - Known Local Passenger
Agent Slated for Position
of State Adjutant General
Antone Luporini Is Relieved
of . $1 30 by Two Thugs While
He Is on Way to His Home
Police Will Not Divulge Any of
the Testimony Against Leon
Soeder Charged With Murder
Ex-Governor Taft Is Ordered
to Bush to Washington With
Greatest Possible Dispatch
rrcilict That Lost Ground in
Second Congressional District
' Will Be Kegained Next Fall
ALCAZAR FOLK
WORK NICELY
REPUBLICANS
ARE CONFIDENT
FOOTPADS ROB
ITALIAN BAKER
PARDEE FAVORS
JOHN B. LAUCK
KEEP SECRET
ALL EVIDENCE
WAR SECRETARY
WILL NOT STOP
THE SAN FRANCISCO . ; CALti. , TUESDAY, , JANUARY. 19, .1904.
14
Mrs. Josiah Quincy Dead.
PARIS, Jan. 18. — Mrs. Josiah
Quincy of Boston died at Biarritz to
day. Mrs. Quincy was the widow of
William R. Tyler and was married to
Quincy in London. February 17. 1900.
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
| AWorkol^rt j
I Is a lilting appellation of the f
I -Chaste exterior lines please
1 the eye, harmohizmg with
I a sympathetic tone and rc-
- sponsivc touch. Its wealth
I of melody fully satisfies
¦ the critic and ; completely;
1 ; charms the music lover.
(SOUS AGENTS)
¦ , Open . Saturday i Evening:.
16 OTAKEELL STREET, S. P.
VSan ¦ Jose,', Stockton,\ AUmeda, rresno."
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SOFTNESS OF S£AI.SXI1T
Is SlTaled by BCnman H»lr Whers Din-
. - ¦ • druff Is Eradicated.
; - Sealskin is admired the world over for
its* softness and glossiness, and yet tha
human hair is equally as soft Rnd glossy
when healthy, and the radical cause of
I all hair trouble is dandruff, which Is
caused by a pestiferous parasite that
saps the vitality of the hair at its root.
Newbro's Herplddeis the only prepara-
tion that is fatal to the dandruff germ
Without dandruff there is no falllnc
hair, but a luxuriant growth of glossy
soft hair Is certain. Scouring the scaln
won't cure dandruff. Kill the dandruff
uerm. ' Thousands' of women owe their
J beautiful suits. of. hair to Newbro's Her-
picide. Sold by leading: druggists. Send
j 10c in stamps for sample to The Hernl-
¦ cide Co.. Detroit, Mich. p
||giif* A New
Discovery
GERMAN EYEGLASS _msmm_
CLEANHRS.
Inriispenfable to Eyeglass
and t:r,fctacl<? warcrs. By, GL@Sf94
usir.g thin olratifr there will
b* NO MORE blurt-in* nor cloudy vision It
, Rives the classes a. brilliant polish and 'pre-
> vents them .'rom getting motst and greasy
I Price 10c each. 75c per dozen. S.VCO p« r gross
OESKAH EYEWATEK.
I Th* irrentest «•>¦;- remtrty In tne world. Price
t 60<r. bj- mall r2e. ?4 T'«r doa«n. $40-00 per sress"
¦HAVE YOU WEAK EYES?
! OR POOS RIGHT?
, If so, use George Mayerle's Glasses and
German Eyewater. : :
They r*st ami »i.-rensinen ine eyes, relieve
th* strain and Dreserve the Mstht.
GEOXGE MATEBI.E, German Expert
¦ ¦ Optician,
1071 Market st.. fan Francisco, near Seventh.
EYES EXAMINED FREE. Glasses by Ex-
press on Trial rtefore Paying Charges.
ipwayZzKemmmber the Pull /lame
I axative gromo Qfrnins
Corcfi aCddkiOne Day, Crfpm 2 Days
i j£ C7LJ& onevety
ADVERTISEMENTS. .'..'
y . """"^"""^i'* ¦sjaiijin 111 w mu m . ***** s* fc wmi «m w.Mtya^g^r^^gtiapwpsHogTriisywBwsMS^ u5
Special Sale of 250
Imported White
Cheviot and English
Vesting Waists
kl\ arc high-jradc waists ol ihc most reliable
make and finish; strictly tailor made.
These waists are svitable lor spring wear.
Former price $6.00
SALE PRICE "j—^
S/0 - 322 MA8KE7 £T
C^isiffisT-M' Vti IN l IM \\ % W "siMTilT^nsfc^M
' ! V •"' ¦ " ' ; ADVEBTISEMENTS.
: Ths World's Greatest
Skinjpap.
, The World's Sweetest
Toilet Soap.
Sale Greater ttai lie World's PrAt
ol Oilier Siia Scans.
Sold Wherever Civilization Has.
Penetrated.
i Millions of tha world's best p«op!«
ase Cotlcura Soap, assisted by Catlcar*
Ointment, the great skin enre, for pre-
serving, poxifyln? and be&vtlfyl&ff th>
skin, for cleans Ins the scalp of era Jta,
scales and dandruff, and tha stopptag
of falling hair, for softening, waltea-
lng and soothing red, rough aad ion
hands, for baby rashes, ltchlngs tad
chaflngs, for annoying lrritatioaj, or
too free or offensive perspiration, for
nleeratlre weaknesses, and manjr ¦"*•
thre, antiseptic parposes which readily
suggest themselves to women* espe-
cially mothers, as well as for all tha
pnrpoies of the toilet, bath and nursery.
Cotlcura Soap combines delleat*
emollient properties derived from Cntl-
enra, the great skin enre, with ths
purest of cleansing Ingredients and ths
most refreshing of flower odonrs. No
other medicated soap ever eomponnded
Is to be compared with it for presenr-
ing, parlfylsg and oeautlf ylag the skin,
scalp, hair and hands. No other foreign
or domestic toilet soap, however
expensive, Is to be compared with it tot
all the purposes of the toilet, bath and
nursery. Thus It combines la one soap
at one price the most effective skia and
complexion soap, aad ths purest and.
sweetest toilet, bath and nnrsery soap.
fta !m af Cftl— CmM4 FUU, Uo. s« »< *i >i On,
Oimnatsl. me.. !«<>, tM. l»f*Mi LcBdM, V CWWw
tomm Aqi Put*. * fiaa d« U Ki» i Badaa. UI Ctlw
Dim At*. P*mmt Ot»« ft dim. Cora.. S«l« Tr-p*.
mr+ni i«r-U«wt* Cur« £»tT7 Uiwu."
$0HEMIAti\
Pore, Pate and SporkUng. Bottled I
Osdy at the Brewery la SL Louh. |
solo evervwkerb; I!
'• - im.Hc.at MERCANTILE CO, B
Pacific Coast Ai*ats. JH
Dr. Lyon's
. PERFECT .\Vj
AN EtEQANT TOILET LUXURY
TJ8ed by p®opl9 0^ refinement
•fox over a quarter of a cenvoxy
* PREPARED STV v _
visit DR. JORDAN'S oriat^
Museum of gNATOHY*
Q Q) lCSHMTJXTT Bg.U. fctJtTA. BJ.&l. A
V j^flfeflk. Wo ''a- Weikit*** or my coatracttd A
«f&i iei ' e "«' IUl "" ) 3r«"'»*Myt!i»«l<Se»tr
O liLQl ipecilut on tSs Coui be 36 jean. 0
A fljBfc* I DR. JURDAN-DISEASES CF UIH 4
A I ©3^9 Conciliation free «cd strict!? prirtte. \
0 J iJKZ. f] Tmiamt pcrtonilly or by )«tt«r A O
\ 8 W Till ***"— CW»u»tTeryfM««ti<!«T»*«a. V
O I" 3 \\w w rite for Book. rilLOaorai «r A
* II ll »*»niAei, mailbo rtii. ixY
X %J lp **iuabl« book for Bra) \
Y DR JOBDA2V * CO.. 1051 Market St.. 5. F. V
0-Sy^<^^*O^^*^ev^^,^^Q
Pleasant Memories
Of comfort and correct appearance linger
with the patrons of this laundry.
Comfort — because shirts are starched
and Ironed to fit the wearer, and collars
and cuffs bear no "saw-edges"; correct
appearance because U. S. Laundry work
Is. the much In little of superb finish and
perfect cleanliness.
Phone South 420 will put you. en our
list..
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
O77ZCE 1004 MASXET ST*EST.
Near Powell.
Phone South 420.
Coal Reduction
American Cannel
Sold by All Reliable Dealer*.
S
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
#a.TtJll 629 KEARVT KT. Established
S^F^sS* 1 " I* 3 * for the treatment of 1'iivftte
Mlk *£jjp DiMt-axes. l.ost Munliixxt. Whl'.lty or
*a*t£r^£3§C < " v * as '' wp arlnKiin hxuly arul mini) and
D1sH»i>«e<«. The t'octornres wl>rn
3S3jMwSS'>tliers fall. Try him. t'ti;ir;;e« low.
sunrtanlrrU. C»H or write.
Pr. J. F. «1BBO.\, Bau Tnuictaca. CaU
THE WEEKLY" GALL
$1 per Y©ar«