SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, .JANUARY 23, . 1904.
VIEW OF THE KOREAN CAPITAL,,' .WHICH IS '.LIKELY; TO BE INVOLVED IN THE OPERATIONS OF THE
RUSSIAN AND JAPANESE FORGES IF" THE DIPLOMATIC INTERCOURSE ': BETWEEN THE TWO NA
TIONS FAILS OF ADJUSTMENT OFTHE DIFFICULTIES OVER TERRITORY. '.
Continued on Page 2, Column 4.
BUTTE. Mctit., Jan,- 22.— Michael Sul
livan was tfilled and Patrick Harring
ton was probably fatally injured by an
explosion in the Never Sweat-mine here
last night. The miners had prepared a
blast early In the evening '..which failed
to explode and it is thought they after
ward drilled Into the "missed hole,"
thereby causing the accident '
Workmen Supi>osed to Have prilled
Into an Old Charge
of Powder. ¦
TWO 31 EN KILLED BY
DYNAMITE EXPLOSION
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— The State
Department, has received information
within the last twenty-four hours that
makes war, in- the East look far more
imminent than it did forty-eight hours
ago. The War. Department, is; taking
a very, pessimistic view of existing af
fairs, and, according to reliable reports,
the situation' is assuming a serious as
pect.;. ." ¦¦.."._.. ... ¦-. ¦"";
The Government, is much concerned
over the latest information that, has
been placed 1: before -^ it. Uncle Sam' is
preparing :ih every = way for any con
tingency, th'at many ; arise, arid intends
to be in a'. position : to see that his
terests aretd be fully protected In case
of "emergency in "> Eastern : waters. Y The
preparation"^ of the /transports," the Ih-
cessant .drilling of : the troops,.the"con
stant recruiting and filling. up of. every,
company, :all"D0int; to the
ary measures^, that are"! being taken:.-
It is; stated ;on;; excellent , N authority
that the; Government ' has f; perfected
plans, for the. immediate transportation
of; 30,000 troops to the ;.,
Another powerful fin'dicatioh;' of '.the
seriousness : ; with : whlch V'the^outlook; is
regarded is > the ' fact that -for the ¦ last
few. weeks igreat quantities of 'army
supplies have * been .shipped out . to : San
Francisco ; amounting,' to;> thousands'** of
tons of merchandise, * intended V. to^be
loaded- on Ahe -transportsuflow in ; that
harbor .':: 'Among {the: supplies .0 sent
are ; some . that .' are T : most ; significant , for,
useiin the East. 1 They; consist of great
quantities of heavy, winter clothing and
bedding. Avhiclv. certainly are". ; not in
tended' foiKPanama' or the "Philippines.
v It ; is ; announced here that all the
transports in San 1 rancisco have been
put - in: first class; shape . In remarkably
short[time., and that the work/was done
on them under . rush emergency orders.
.'Governor ..Taft's "arrival here is looked
forward" to : with; keenest interest.- He
is now on his way from Japan,* and his
orders < are , ; to ¦ report with V all 'expe
dition . to Railroads ; and
steamship companies have; been ' , re
quested .-to-' give' him every 'facility ; to
get to" headquarters in ; the shortest pos-;
slble time. ? He is expected to enter upon
UNCLE SAM'S PLANS FOR DEFENSE IN OR IENT
REVIVE FEAR THAT WAR IS AGAIN IMMINENT
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— The State
Department confirms the report that
Buchanan, the American Minister to
Panama, "is about to return to the
United States, starting in a few days
from Colon. . Important private busi
ness is assigned as. a reason for the
Minister's return to the United States.
The department is not informed that
his visit is anything more than a leave
of absence, but itknows that' Buchanan
consented to assume the Panama'mis
sion only on the understanding that his
appointment be temporary, and as af
fairs on the isthmus are regarded as
being in. excellent shape from an ad
ministrative standpo^it it Is possible
he will consider that he has carried out
His full understanding when he returns
to Washington.
Minister to Panama Will Surrender
His Post Now that Affairs
Are Quiet.
MINISTER BUCHANAN
IS ABOUT TO RETURN
LONDON^ Jan. 23.— A dispatch to theXentral News from Newchwang, dated January 20,
says 6000 Russian soldiers entered Newclnvang January 19.. The municipal affairs of Newchwang
are managed by a Russian commissioner and' acting on his orders the Chinese merchants displayed
Russian colors when the troops marched into the city.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— The situation in Korea is arousing fresh apprehension of re
newed trouble in the Far East. It has been the, opinion -of military experts that in* the event of war
between Russia and Japan Korea would be made the battleground, at least ¦ in the beginning. Mr.
Allen, the American Minister at Seoul," cabled the State Department to-day. from Seoul as follows:
"Considerable disturbances throughout Korea. ;' The Japanese ; have ) been : attacked in many
places. ?'}s'' 1 ~'-'-; * '¦¦...'¦ /':;¦.¦¦¦¦'¦,¦•'¦" * -
"It is learned that in view; of the possibility of Korea being unable to afford proper, protection
to Japanese subjects the .Tokio authorities have dispatched a Japanese military officer of, the highest
rank, namely major general, to Seoul, where he.will be in a position^ to direct any military opera
tions that Japanese troops may undertake. The Korean Government has: -3560 menunder arms, but
they have not been trained in a moctern school'of war, and resemble constabulary^ rather u than sol
diers. It is anticipated here, that japan in 'Korea; will, repeat ,the;perforrnance , of Russia in Man
churia and make the disturbances on the Japanese; railway. theground : for a. military occupation of
the'line in great force, corresponding to the;Russian occupation Jof the Manchurian •railway."
Freight cars were torn to splinters,
the trucks from them being hurled
hundreds of foet from the track. The
depot, the hotel, warehouses, gins,
thirty, homes, seven storehouses, to
gether with their stocks, were de
tsiroycdJ "Where they stood it !s impos
sible to find even the pillars upon
which these structures rested. ¦
Bales of cotton which were stored
in warehouses were torn to atoms, the
fragments of lint lodging in trees, mak
ing It appear as though that section
had been visited by a snowstorm. "
Heavy Iron Eafes, the doors of which
in some instances were torn from their
hinges, were carried away by . the force
of the wind.
Tuc town of Hull, four miles north of
Mound ville, suffered from the tornado.
The I>ates Lumber Company's plan
ing department was completely
wrecked and the negro firemen
crushed.' Four residences and 'one
cburch were demolished.
Redding, carpets and wearing ap
parel are scattered over a distance of
ten miles through what was a forest,
but which is now clear as if cut by a
v. ood man's ax. •
TUSCALOOSA, Ala.. Jan. 22.— A dis-
CFtrous tornado swept over Monnd
villc. Ala., a town of 300 inhabitants,
fifteen mil^s south of Tuscaloosa, early
to-day, and as a result thirty-seven
persons were killed and more than a
hundred were injured. Every business
house, with the exception of a small
leading, «ton». was completely de
stroyed. The tornado struck the town
from the southwest and mowed a path
a quarter of a mile wide through it.
FuTgeons were rushed to Moundvillc
from Greensboro and TuEcaloosa, and
all possible was done to alleviate the
sufferings of the injured. By the force
•cf the storm persons were blown hun
dreds of fert from their beds.
Through terror a father, mother and
thrrc children fled from their home to
seek refuge and in their excitement
loft a five-year-old boy In bed. To
night he was pulled from beneath some
timber and thus far it Is impossible
to find any other member of the
family.
Newchwang Is Entered by the Russians and
War Is Imminent in Korea,
i:. SEYMOITU. Nashville,
Tenn.. who accepted his posi
tion hs operator at the railroad
blntion kn-l evening.
A. P. WAHUEN, Birming
ham, employed by the Alabama
Grocery Company-
E. .1. REDMOND, superin
tendent of the pumping station,
formerly of Nashville.
ISOBERT S. POWERS of
Tuscaloosa. ,
MISS NETTIE FARLEY*.
The nc~ro dead are:
W. N. MILES, wife and six
children.
ALBERT HOLSTON, wile
and three children.
Fourteen other negroes, un
identified.
THE DEAD
The Cliief" Justice was nettled, as not
only Embassadors, but Ministers,
Charge d'Affaires, secretaries and at
taches of legations passed. Seconded
by Associate Justice Harlan, who is
j»bout a foot taller than the Chief Jus
tice, the latter complained to - Ma jor
MeCawley.
"You will have to wait, sir," replied
that officer. "The diplomatic corps
goes first."
"But this is a reception to the
Judiciary, Fir," replied Chief Justice
Fuller. "We "should certainly have
precedence to-night."
"Can't help it; the diplomatic corps
goes first," said Major McCawley.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— Chief Jus
tice Fuller of the Supreme Court was
greatly angerp d at .the judiciary recep
tion at the White House last night be
cause he and his associates of the
highest court ot the land were kept
waiting until members of the diplo
matic corps had all passed in line and
had been greeted by the President.
It was a repetition of the dispute
over precedence which frequently came
up before at judiciary receptions. Ac
cording to the rules of procedure laid
down by the State Department, the
diplomatic corps takes precedence over
everybody else.
Count Cassini, the Russian Embas
sador and dean of the corps, did not
arrive until after the corps, headed by
the Mexican Embassador, had* started
through the blue room, and greeted the
President. Meanwhile Chief . Justice
Fuller and the Associate Justices were
detained at the door of the blue room.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Supreme Court Not
Pleased at 4ie-
White House.
AlabamaJMsas.ter Caused by
a Sudden, Furious
Wind.
Families Rush From
Their Toppling
Houses.
RECEPTION
STIRS IRE
OF JUDGES
Thirty-Seven Die
in Terrible
Storm.
TORNADO
WRECKS
A TOWN
FAMILIES
RUN FROM
THE FLOOD
Rivers Rise and Lives
Are Endangered
in Towns.
Great Alarm and Damage
Caused uy tne Approach
oi Waters.
MAY STUDY
STOMACH BY
TINY LENS
Railroads Are Compelled to Discontinue
Business and Crews of Vessels
Haie Narrow Escapes.
Chicago Surgeon In
vents Wonderful-
Instrument.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21. — Dr. Fenton B.
Turck of Chicago has devised a scien
tific appliance by which the inside of
a human stomach or any other of the
internal organs may be seen with the
eye and examined for the presence of
disease.
The new instrument, which Dr.
Turck has described for the benefit of
his fellow-surgeons in the Journal of
the American Medical Association, is
based on a system of lenses put to
gether in so small compass that the
whole mechanism can, be used like an
ordinary stomach pump. In the arti
cle, which is accompanied by photo
graphs, Dr. Turck gives much credit
for. invention to Leube, Mikauliez,
Kwald and other European scientists,
but omits to say that " their- instru
ments all failed to work and contents
himself with the statement that In
many tests of his own Invention he has
been able -to obtain clear views of all
parts of the stomach.
"I. have been able with this instru
ment to inspect the pylorus (that is the
farthest extremity of the stomach be
yond its .great curve)," he says In de
scribing its possibilities, "and under
the$ direction of the eye watch the
gyromele ' (a long curved director) pass
through the pyloric orifice into the
duodenum. Moving it back and forth
one can readily watch the distance it
passes Into the intestines."
DEATH BY STARVATION ;
THE FATE OF HUBBARD
Body of the Young Explorer Is Now
¦ on Its Way to City of.
I Quebec.
QUEBEC, Jan. 22. — Word was re
ceived here to-night from Chateau Bay,-
Labrador, that a courier had arrived
there yesterday from Northwest River
with the ¦ information that . Leonldas
Hubbard Jr. of jthe exploring party
sent out by the magazine Outing of
New had died from starvation
in the wilds of Labrador on October 14.
The remains are o^n their way to Que
bec, so the report* says, ¦ by dog train,
with .the other members of the expedi
tion, which Is expected to reach.Cha
teau Bay some time In March.
POWELIi RECOGNIZES
THE MORALES REGIME
SAN DOMINGO,, Wednesday, Jan.
20.— United States Minister Powell to
day recognized the provisional gov
ernment of General Morales as the de
facto. Government of "Santo Domingo,
and he . has informed the members of
the diplomatic and consular corps to
this end. . . • „'..
The officers ... of the , United States
cruiser Columbia paid • an official visit
to the provisional President to-day and
were received with military honors.
PITTSBURG. Jan. 22 (midnight.) —
The Allegheny and Monongahela rivers
are rising steadily. The Allegheny is
-three .feet higher than h*r consort
stream and as a consequence a dan
gerous Ice gorge is now forming be
tween the "Wabash and Smithfleld
street bridges Just above the conflu
ence of the rivers.
Early in the day, owing to the warn
ing sent out In regard to the danger
from the Allegheny, all of the coal
barges and steamboats were sent into
the Monongahela to gain the better
protection of the pools and conse
quently stiller water.
Already a barge containing 40.000
bushels of coal has been sunk and the
whole fleet with nearly 275,000 bush
els on board is in danger. In the Penn
sylvania avenue mi U district many of
the mills have their fly pits below
flood level and were compelled to shut
down, throwing 7000 men and boys
out of work. The Big and Little She
nangoes, which meet at Greenville.
are higher than for many years. A
gorge in these streams has backed the
water over the town, causing much
damage.
STREETS 'UNDER WATER.
South Race and Water streets ars
under water. Many families were
taken from their homes In boats,
while others have moved their house
hold goods to the second floors. The
Bessemer railroad shops and the
odge manufacturing plant, both built
above the highwater mark, have been
abandoned. To-night these plants are
under water two feet deep and much
machinery has been ruined. The en
tire Bessemer yards are flooded and
the main line Is being used as a stor
age for locomotives and coaches re
moved-from flooded shops.
At Osgood, two miles north of here,
there is six feet of water on the
Bessemer tracks. The water in Mercer
Is higher thftm it was ever known before
and some stores are flooded. Both the
Neshanock and Shenango rivers, at
Newcastle, have risen more than
thirty-six Inches since morning, and
are at flood stage, with the water
coming up rapidly. The tin plate and
steel mills are closed, and the main
thoroughfares are Impassable.
CREW L.EAVES IN TIME.
During the afternoon Captain Mc-
Kinley of the transportation depart
ment of the Monongahela Coat and
"Coke Company received a telegram
from Sistersville, announcing that the
Hornet No. 2 had sunk in about
twenty-four feet of water and would
probably be a total loss. The crew saw
the impending da'nger In time to es
cape. The boat was valued at about
$10,000.
About 5 o'clock this evening news of
,the sinking of the Volunteer at Browns
Station reached the local headquarters
of the coal combine. The officers and
crew were saved. The Volunteer was
valued at $13,000.
One' river man stated to-night that
the extent of the damage wrought by
the ice to-night could not be. estimated
until to-morrow, .but it will amount to
high into the hundreds of thousands of
dollars. This, coupled with the Ios3e9
sustained by railroads, business
houses, manufacturing, street com
panies and residents will likely put the
less at about $1,000,000. ¦ ' > " v
•At midnight the Pittsburg and West
tern Railroad Is out of business and
the Baltimore and Ohio is sending its
trains to Youngstown over the Lake
Erie.
At 2 o'clock this (Saturday) morn
ing the gauc— showed that the Alle-
Continued on Page 2, Column •.
Fireman Loses Ills I ,i fe.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— Fire in the
upper floors of the six-story factory of
the E.W.s Bliss Company in Plymouth
street to-day, did $200,000 damaged The
company manufactures dies and presses
for -metal stamping and castings and
other.parts of Whltehead torpedoes for
the United States navy. . One fireman
lost his life by falling from a ladder.
CHEHJ, China, Jan. 22. — It is reported here from Russian sources that 1 2^00 ; Japanese' troops have- landed at Masampho,, Korea. The report apparently is regarded as
true at Port Arthur, where war is considered only a matter of time.,, It is stated that the Russian f drees -are slowly moving in the direction of Korea on the land side. Two regiments of
Siberian Rifles arrived at the Yalu River on January 12. It has been discovered th^ at several places above Port Arthur. Dynamite was also
found, it is said, wedged in the masonry of several bridges. Chinese and disguised Japanese are suspected of having done this work. Some Japanese have been arrested at Port Arthur.
TWELVE THOUSAND JAPANESE SOLDIERS LAND FROM SHIPS ON KOREAN SOIL
AND THE RUSSIAN FORCES HASTEN TO THE SCENE OF THE EXPECTED WAR
THE TH£ATXX8
Alcazar — "Mrs. Jack. 1 *
California— "The Fatal Wed
. dinr."
Central — "A Bowery Girl."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "The Degenerates."
rischer's — "The Scanty Shop."
Grand — "One urigrht in June."
Lyric Hall — Burton Holmes.
Orpheum — VaudeTille.
Tivoli — "When Johnny Comes
Marchinir Home."
Matinees To-Day at All Thea
ters. I
VOLUME XCV^XO. 51.
r THE WEATESS.
_rcrcca*t raafle at San rran
cieco Tor thirty hour* ending
miaclK-ht, January 23:
¦ San Francisco and vicinity—
r.-vir Saturday, with lor in the
moralar;'li*ht northeast winds.
A. G. XeADZS.
District roreeaster.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
The San Francisco Call.A* Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
¦.'llchlr.8." v BllDCl. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your druKEisi wllj refund -money if <p«zo
Ointment. falls to cure you in C to 1* days. 59s'
VICTORIA." B.-C. Jan. 22.— A letter from
Valdez : tetls of Russian -priests , itominatin? . a
large . portion .- of the population of Western
Alaska, fjrblddtnc the *trac nine of the- Eng
lish language'to t ho?* under th«-lr control'nnd
Kcnera;ly enticnvortna: -to Russianize the "na
tives of that section of Alaska.
Japanese Railways.
The Japanese state railways are to
become a joint stock company. The
departments of finance and of com
munications have decided on the plan
of converting the Government rail
ways into a joint undertaking of the
Government and the general public.
All the existing Government railways
and the properties attached to them
will be assessed and the Government
will ' hold the shares representing
them, while the public will be invited
to subscribe the cost required for re
pairs to existing lines and for the con
struction of new ones, a sum estimat
ed at about $21.. 000, 000, out of a cap
ital of $140,000.000. — New York
Press.
JAPAN IS INDEPENDENT.
Mikado Asks Xo Mediation From Any
-.£;: -::¦¦>: Foreign Power.
LONDON, Jan. 22.— The Associated
Press is. officially informed that the
Japanese Government will not accept
the mediation of any of the , foreign
powers. > ; .^V
¦ ? : —
Russian Squadron Sails.
SUEZ, Jaii. 22.— The Russian squad
ron, consisting of the battleship Dmitri
Donskoi, the cruiser Orel and six tor
pedo-boat destroyers, sailed, to-day for
the Far East. One Russian torpedo
boat destroyer, which is disabled, will
remain here. - . - -¦¦•- •=- - N
WIDOWS.
2,720,000 in the Xation.
105,000. of Them In Xew York City
A Chicago mathematician announces
that Chicago, with 60,396 widows, has
a larger number than any other com
munity in the country. It is added that
the number of widowers in the city is
only 23.0U7. .
As a matter of fact, the State in
which widows are the most numerous
is New York, in which they number
320,000. The city in which they are
most numerous is the city of New York,
where there are 103,000.
There were by the last Federal cen
sus 2,720,000 widows in the whole United
States, of whom, it is worthy to re
mark. 88,000 were in Indiana and only
6000 in Utah.
There were 128,000 in Massachusetts,
less than the total number in the two
States of Alabama and Mississippi,
though the view pretty generally pre
vails that the number of widows is dis
proportionately large throughout New
England. -
There are nearly 2000 in Hawaii and
1700 In Alaska, a proportionately larger
number than in the city of Chicago.
CABIXKT MKETS TWICE.
'Morning and Afternoon Sessions, But
Little of Importance Done.
WASHINGTON, Jan, 22.— Morning
and afternoon session* of the Cabinet
were held to-dav. In the absence of
Secretaries Hay and Moody, no matters
concerning the State or Navy depart
ments were conaldered. It can be said
on authority that no action of serious
importance was taken. It is likely dur
ing the session of Congress that the
President, on account of pressing en
gagements in the early part of the day,
frequently will have tne Cabinet meet
ings 4n the afternoon.
Lost NeuspajKT Man Turns Vp,
LA PORTE, Ind.. Jan. 22. — Cyrus
R. McCartney, a newspaper man, who
disappeared several years ago ar.d was
supposed to have been murdered, has
been heard from in a telegram from
him at Dawson, Alaska. McCartney
says he is well and rich. The last in
formation about him was that his
clothing and papers had been found
in a forest near Ashland, Or.
Sixth Y. M. C. A. Concert.
There was genuine approval of the
concert given last evening as the
sixth number of the Y. M. C. A. star
course. The Blanchard & Venter
Concert Company furnished the en
tertainment, which consisted of solos
by Waldemar Lind, violinist; Carrie
Brown Dexter, soprano; Estelle Rey
nolds Drummond, pianist, and J. F.
Veaco, tenor, and readings by Carrie
Fross Snyder. The next entertain
ment of the series is announced for
February 5, when Russell H. Conwell,
the Philadelphia orator, will speak.
World's Fair Airship Contests to Be
Known as "Aeronautic Con
course of 1901."
"The Aeronautic Concourse of 1904"
is the. official name for the airship con
tests to be held in connection with the
World's Fair. Complete organization
for the events was effected recently at
a meeting of the exposition's commit
tee on aeronautics.
Willard A. Smith, chief of the depart
ment of transportation exhibits, will
continue to have direct management.
Octave Chanute, past president of the
American Society of Engineers, who is
considered a leading authority on aer
onautics, was appointed consulting en
gineer.
Carl E. Meyer of the "Balloon Farm"
of Frankfort, N. Y., was appointed su
perintendent of the aeronautic grounds
and buildings. He will "report for duty
February 1. Mr. Meyer is classed
among the leading balloon manufac
tures and '¦¦- practical aeronauts, of the
Unite'd States.
Among Mr. Meyer's duties will be the
establishment of a balloon shop on the
fair grounds for making repairs to air
ships. He will make and operate the
signal balloons used for marking, the
course of the grand races, will have
charge of the hydrogen gas plant, and,
in a general way, will direct the con
tests'.under the direction of the in
ternational jury. V /;•
The aeronautic grounds are on the
level plateau of the Washington Uni
versity, campus, direfctly west of the
Hall of C°ng resses - They will be sur
rounded by. a board fence twelve feet
high.' At the , southern and western
sides the fence will be raised to thirty
feet to act as a windbreak., , , .
. Pipes and valves for inflating the bal
loonswill be installed in the inclosurc.
A wooden structure eighty feet high
will be erected as a testing station for
airships. AH contestants will have full
use of all the facilities installed by the
exposition.— St. . Louis S Republic.
OFFICIAL DESIGNATION
OF AERIAL RACES
Big Fire in Chicago.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22. — The plant of the
Pittsburg Plate Glass Company, 4 42
Wabash avenue, was destroyed by fire
to-night and from this building the
flames were communicated to the
seven-story factory and apartment
building of the Buck'en Medical Com
pany, just east of the building of the
Ulass company. A number of families
who lived in the Bucklen building
were compelled to make hasty exits,
but all escaped unharmed. Loss,
$300,000.
BLOODHOUNDS TO SEEK ; ,
TRAIL OF A MURDERER
Body of a High School Teacher In
an Indiana Town Is Found
in a Shed.
BEDFORD, Ind., Jan. 22. — The
body of Miss Sarah Schaefer, teacher
of Latin in the Bedford High School,
was found in a carriage-house to-day.
She had been and robbed.
The appearance of the shed indicated
a struggle with h.er assailant.
Miss Schaefer came here from Elk
hart, Ind., a year ago and was much
admired. There is great excitement
over the murder and bloodhounds will
be given the scent.
Californiniis In New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22: — The follow
ing Calif ornians are here:
From San Francisco — I. Conn, W.
R. Conn,, at the Hotel Spalding; C. A.
Hawkins at the Hoffman, M. Lowen
stein at the Hotel Savoy, M. Mac-
Dowell at the .Bartholdi. ' Miss M.
Nathan at the Wellington. H. G.
Sherdeman at the Imperial, Mrs. M.
Spencer at the Murray Hill, J. E.
Freeman, Miss M. L.. Payne at the
Holland, H. M. Abrams at the Herald
Square. ; ¦
From Los Angeles — A. J. Condee at
the Sinclair. ;
PUBLIC TENSION' GROWING;
Russia's l)elay and Japan's Stoic At
l tltudc Ara Cfciisiclered Foreboding.
ST. -PETERSBURG, Jan. 22.— The
Czar • has not" yet called the council to
consider the Japanese reply, but it is
said at the Foreign Office that the sum
mons may b6 issued any day. .The de
lay, coupled'with d>rpatches from'To
kio saying that Japan is' armed and
grimly awaiting, has' caused a slight
renewal of public nervousness, which
was reflected by' the weakness on the
Bourse to-day. This alarm is seeming
ly not shared in the higher Government
circles, where it is insisted that the
Czar's pacific declarations were not
idle words. The worst that is now an
ticipated .is the breakdown of the ne
gotiations in the event of Russia's re
sponse being unacceptable to Japan. '
The papers to-day publish prominent
ly the statement "that - the United
States'.: Asiatic squadron will remain In
Philippine waters. The Gazette, in
pointing out the mischief caused by er
roneous statements that Admiral Evans'
destination was Yongampho, Korea,- in
stead of Olongapo, Subig Bay, near Ma
nila,' welcomes'" the correction as evi
dence that the United States will not
meddle fn the quarrel.
Riverside Oflicial Is Indicted.
RIVERSIDE. Jan. 22. — Two indict
ments were brought in this afternoon
ugainFt J. \V. Carroll, supervisor of
construction on the new county court
house, both on the charge of embez
zlement, one in the sum of $61 45, in
connection with the purchase of ma
terials for the County Hospital, and the
other for $67 4 7. in connection with
the improvements on the West River
side bridge. Carroll was arrested and
admitted to bail in the sum of 51000
on each indictment.
SMALLPOX IS KPIDKMIC
AT JEFFERSON BARRACKS
Soldiers Stationed at St. Louis Arc
Required to Be. Vaccinated and •
Arc Quarantined.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 22. — :The presence
of smallpox among the troops at Jef
ferson Barracks has resulted in the
vaccination of ¦all ..the men In the
Fourth and Eighth Regiments of cav
alry and it has been decided to post
pone a ball scheduled for to-morrow
evening. Lieutenant Frank E. Davis
has been removed to the county quar
antine station suffering with the dis
ease and Lieutenants Cox, Watson and
iveller, who were exposed, have been
quarantined in their quarters.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 22. — Mrs. Drusilla
Apperson, mother of Mrs. Phoebe
Hearst, died at her home, at Lawrence
Station, eight miles west of here, at
a late hour last night. She was the
widow of Randolph W. Apperson, was
87 years of age and a native of South
Carolina.
Mrs. Apperson was, before her mar
riage in 1840. Miss Drusilla Whitmire,
daughter of Henry Whitmire of Frank
lin County, Mo. She came to California
with her husband in 1S63, and almost
immediately they took up their home
at Lawrence Station. For forty years
she had resided"- at that place. Her
husband died several years ago.
Mrs. Apperson was well" known in
this county and had many friends
among the early residents of the val
ley. She had been in ill health for some
time. •
She was a prominent member of the
Cumberland Presbyterian Church of
this city, and her funeral will take
place from that church next Sunday
afternoon.
Elbert Clark Apperson, a son of the
deceased, resides at Lawrence Station.
Death of Civil War Nurse.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— Mrs. Maria
Virginia Storm, aged 71 years, died at
her home, 1940 Poplar street, last
night. Deceased was an army nurse
during the Civil War and was a mem
ber of Lyon • Relief Cc ?, G. A. R.
She leaves a husband and one son.
Mrs. R. J. Prescott, a former resi
dent of this city, died to-day at her
home in San Francisco.
John R. Walker, nged SO years, died
latt night j at his home, 812 Lewis
street. Deceased has resided in Oak
land for thirty-one years.
Mrs. J. O. Olsen died to-day at her
home in this city, aged 64 years. De
ceased leaves a husband and one
daughter, Mrs. Carrie J. Jensen.
Mrs. T. J. Armstrong died yesterday
at her home in Fruitvale.
Banker's Wife Dies."
Mrs. Clara Meyer, wife of D.uiicl
Meyer, the well-known banker, passed
away at her residence on California
street yesterday after a long: illness.
Mrs. Meyer was a native of Sulzburg,
Germany. She is survived by her hus
band and a sister, Mrs. Julia Meyer.
The funeral will be private, . .
Episcopal Bishop Passes Away.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.-Episcopal
Bishop Thomas Underwood Dudley of
Louisville, Ky., died here to-day of
heart disease.
I. 'n reclaimed IVat I.antl- Sold.
STOCKTON, Jan. 22. — Frederick
llindge and associates of Los Angeles,
represented here by Lee A. Phillips,
to-day bought R000 acres of unre
claimed r*eat lands from the Ross Sar
pent estate, making- the peat land
holdings of these Los Angeles capital
ists in San Joaquin County 25.000
acres, all thoroughly reclaimed except
to-day's purchase. Seven dredgers
will be- put on the new reclamation at
once. The purchase price was about
J200.000.
MRS. APPERSON
PASSES AWAY
AT SAN JOSE
PERSOXAL.
' C. B. Jillson, a fruit man of Xapa,
is at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Stitt of Vaca
ville are -at the Palace.
J. T. Roberts, the well-known banker
of Madcra, is registered at the Palace.
Judge M. B. Koon and C. S. Gillette,
prominent attorneys of Minneapolis,
-Minn., are at the Palace Hotel.
• V. von Grot of St. Petersburg, who
is interested- in several large .mining
concessions in Siberia, is at the Pal
ace.
F. Sontag, president of the Grand Pa
cific Hotel Company of Chicago, is a
guest at the Palace Hotel, and is ac
companied by" his wife and daughter.
State Senator George T. Myers of
Oregon and his son, George T. Myers
Jr., superintendent of Oregon's fish
eries and game exhibit et the St.
Louis Exposition, arrived from Port
land yesterday and are registered at
the Occidental.
E. A. Ashcroft, a noted metallurgist
of London, who, with Professor James
Swinljurne, head of the Mining In
stitute of England, has inaugurated a
new process for the reduction of ores
that promises to revolutionize the
present art -f metallurgy and that
has been causing much comment in
the British scientific journals, is reg
istered at the Palace.. He has been
examining ' mining properties in Brit
ish Columbia.
FRESXO IIODCAHH1ERS QUIT
WORK OX A NEW BUILDING
Refuse to Permit the Employment of
a Man Who \Vw> Rejected
by Their Union.'
FRESNO, Jan. 22.— Because W. S.
Scott, the brick contractor on the new
Forsyth building, which will be Fres
no's finest business block, continues 'to
employ Frank Norton, whom the hod
carriers have refused to elect to mem
bership in Jheir organization, the hod
carriers all walked. off the job to-day.
It was stated to-night that there will
be a general strike among .the build
ing trades employed o-n the structure.
Norton when put to work by Scott
promptly sent in his application to the
union. The hodcarriers struck the first
day he went on because he was not
then a member, but went to work again
at the direction of the Building Trades
Council. But at their meetine Wed
nesday night they refused to elect Nor
ton to membership, and when Scott re
fused to discharge him they struck.
Special Dispatch to The Call
I SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 22.— Officers
i and detectives worked dilligently all
; day on new clews looking to the appre-
I hension of the thief, or thieves, who
! stole Wells, Fargo & Co.'s safe from
I Southern Pacific train No. 9, near this
| city, yesterday morning. The officers
\ will say little to-night, but they appear
I to be satisfied with the result of their
j work. The ground between San Luis
j Obispo and tunnel No. 1, twelve miles
j of heavy grade, was thoroughly gone
j over again to-day.
* The man who tried to board the
I southbound train yesterday and who
j had bought a new. hat, after purchasing
! an old one trom tramps a short time
i before, still refuses to talk. The Sheriff
| declines to allow the suspect to be in
' tervlewed. Three tramps who occupied
j a shack near Serrano and who sold the
i suspect a hat. are still under surveil
! lance. It is believed here that the mys
tery surrounding the robbery will soon
; be solved.
Three Tramps, Who Sold an Old
Hat to Prisoner, Are Being*
Closely Watched, by Sheriff
SUSPECT STILL IX JAIL
Special Pis-patch to The Call.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Jan. 22. — Ru
mors that negotiations were pending
for the sale of two of the biggest pro
ducing mines in Utah to the Federal
Mining and Smelting Company were
confirmed to-nisrht. It is now ac
knowledged that within a short time u
sale is probable of the Silver King and
the Daly West, both of Park City and
both heavy producers of silver lead
ore. If the sale is effected, as now ap
pears to be certain, it will be one of
the largest mining transactions ever
recorded in the West. Exactly what
figures are being considered is not
stated, but it is understood that the
consideration is close to $17,000,000.
Confirmation of the negotiations
comes from Charles Sweeny, presi
dent of the Federal Mining and
Smelting Company and the man who
amalgamated, the big silver lead mines
of the Coour d'Alenes last fall. Sweeny
now admits that negotiations looking
lo the purchase of the famous Park
City mines have been under way for
some time. He states that the mines
have been examined by his experts and
that from their reports he has formed
a very hijrh opinion of the properties.
The ore bodies have been carefully ex
amined and found to contain an enor
mous reserve. The Silver Kins: mine
now pays regular monthly dividends
of $100,000 and the Daly West con
tributes Jllf.000 a month m dividends.
Owners of the properties would not
consider a proposition to sell at an
enormous figure a. year ago and it is
stated that they are held with a valua
tion of $10,000,000 for the Silver King
and $7,000,000 for the Daly West.
Expect to Soon Solve Mystery
Surrounding Theft of Safe
From Southern Pacific Train
President Sweeny of the
Federal Jlining and Smelt
ing Company Is the Promoter
DELAY. CAUSES APPREHENSION.
Likelihood or a Compromise. -Between
the Nations.Not Likely. ' -
LONDON, Jan^23^-The delay in the
Russian reply, r to-- the" latest note> from
Japan is causing" -the "customary- crop
of sensational,.; statements •' pointing - to
tlte imminence^' of-; war -Iri the' Far East.
The Daily Graphic this morning says jt
understands HEcat there is rib; likelihood
of a compromise, owing 'to the unyield
ing attitude .'of/" Japaii i on \ f Ithe Map.
churian ques't«fn, r and the fact" that In
her last nq't^to,.RussJa,.Jajiair_struck
out the whole article in the draft of
the treaty relating (to. the .demand ..of
Russia for a neutral zone. - •', . - - ' '
The correspondent:' of • the "' Morning.
Post at Chefiphas v sent in ;anValarmV
ing report thafcil^jDOO 'Japanese . troops,
have landed ¦at 'Masampho, lit, 'Southern
Korea, and. ythtj^'PorV Arthur corre
spondent - of (¦?the^P.aris 1 '" edition' of the
New York ; Herald^ ajso.refexs,.in. a;dis-..
patch, to the' fact. that, the news^f.th^e
occupation of •Masampho i&-being-re
ceived calmlyi "i : ;i.; # . \ « .,' ;'.'. -. '(:- . ; ' - j,/.
Special dispatches- from Seoul? Vsay
the Emperor :bf:.!:KoTea\'has . appointed
a new Cabinetj'^with- Yi.- Yon T Gik y; as
Minister of WarV^aHd^ Finance. -Yi 'Ton
Gik has- ordered';. 10,000 rifles for the
army. •. x ~?.\? *-. ' \ • .• .'.¦*•'•¦'. -^ / vr 1 '
Reports have been-Aent in.from Che-,
foo that quantities"!; o£ dynamie ' have .
been fund under the bridges;. o,f,;.< r the
Manchurian line above Port' Arth'ur.
The supposed intention was to blow
up the bridges as soon as hostilities
began.
The Tokio correspondent of the Daily
Mail sends the following dispatch:
"The Jiji Shimpo says that on the
day following the ratification of the
Chinese-American treaty Russia noti
fied Japan that it was useless to nego
tiate a neutral zone on the Yalu, .as
the ratification of both treaties showed
that Manchuria was Chinese domain."
Cabling from Shanghai the corre
spondent there of the Daily Mail de
clares the Chinese Government has
learned that Russia is sending a large
force to Chinese Turkestan. The St.
Petersburg correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph .cables to his paper as fol
lows: 1
"I learn ' that difficulty has arisen
through reluctance to grant the same
freedom of immigration into Manchu
ria to the Japanese as to other foreign
ers, for fear that the Japanese would
eoon overrun the proyince. Whatever
concessions,' however, Russia offers re
garding Manchuria will probably be of
fered in* the first Instance to the United
States."
Three • Convicts Forfeit Credits and
Are Consigned to Dark Cells
; ' " % by ¦Sheriff Curtis.
. ..^hree j desperate prisoners serving
time in the v ' County Jail made an at
tempt to;*-esicape -. from the institution
early yesterday morning by' sawing
through' the steel bars of a window,
but were foiled by the prompt action of
Guard Charles; Stryker. The men who
tried ; to break jail are^i E. H. Leroy,
Andrew Metzinger and Thomas Kelly,
aljas: Frank , Callaghan. :<
By slipping' small pieces of wood
irijo the locks of their cells the latter
were., prevented from • being firmly
locked .Thursday evening and later
that night, Metzihger- opened his cell
door- and : then released Leroy and
Kelly. .The prisoners then quietly pro
ceeded . to the end of . ; the corridor,
where" Kelly lifted Metzinger up to
a the, bars of which the last
named began to cut with a saw. He
was in the midst .at his work when
de.tected by Guai;d. Stryker and a hur
ried"-investigation 'exposed the whole
plot. Leroy is/supposed to have re
ceived the saws from a woman who
is thought, to be his wife and who fre
quently visits him. 'He gave them to
hl$ -pals,; who had entered into the plot
with him.' .The' prisoners have been
deprived of their credits and confined
in' daVk cells by order of Sheriff Cur
tis:; >¦¦>• H:*i T '% '.-¦'-
THE PKICE IS $17,000,000
OFFICERS WORK
ON NEW CLEWS
OREGON* RAILROAD MEN
FOUND TO BE CARELESS
Assistant Trainmaster of the Northern
Pacific Learns That They Do
Not Heed Signals.
PORTLAND, Jan. 22.— To determine
the efficiency of the employes and to
learn to what extent the rules are
obeyed a series of secret tests are be
ing made over the entire system of
the Northern Pacific Railroad. Several
nights ago Assistant Trainmaster Coyle
of the Pacific division came to Portland
and watched the men running out of
Portland. He stationed Himself at
Scappoose, to ascertain v.-hat attention
the trainmen paid to the signal lights.
His investigation resulted in showing
that the carelessness that had been
demonstrated by similar tests on the
Eastern roads also existed in the West.
Running' out of Portland on the Pacific
division are some of the oldest and
most careful conductors and engineers
on the road, but the majority of them
violated the rules applying to the sig
nals. ' Where a white light is displayed
at a station the track is clear. Where
a red light' is in sight or where no light
shows it is the duty of the trainmen to
await for a clearance". The only train
that obeyed the signal was the north
coast limited.
his duties as Secretary of War on Feb
ruary 1.
GUARD. FOILS PRISONERS'
ATTEMPT TO BREAK JAIL
Xegotiations Now On for Sale
of Two Biggest Silver and
Load Producers in Utah
BIG MINE DEAL
IS PROJECTED
SAN JOSE. Jan. 22.— A decision of particu
lar Interest to orchardlat* was rendered In the
Superior Court thle mornlnjr by Judge Tuttle.
who Rriinted a perpetual Injunction restraining
the Kimball Brick Company from burning an r
thracite or bituminous coal. anJ from the use
in such business of any oth«r kinds of fuel
which will be Injuilous to adjoining orchards.
Made Paper of His Scalp.
To have a portion of his scalp torn
oft! ar.d worked into the texture of a
sheet ci\ white uaoer was the. expe
rience of Irvan McNutt at the Hamil
ton Paper Mills, Lafayette. Young
McNutt prided himself in a shock of
Ions hair, and to this was due his ac
cident. His locks caught in the cal
enders of the paper-maklnj? machine
and his head was drawn to the rapidly
revolving rolls: but the scalp gave way.
and though he was painfully Injured,
his life was saved. The skin and hank
of hair passed through the\ machine,
and when' the latter was stopped the
human hair and cuticle formed a novel
"watermark," which was cut out for a
keepsake for McNutt. — Philadelphia
Record.
SITUATION' IS BRIGHTER.
Fall of Temperature Lessens Danger
of Brenk in Cuynhoga River.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 22. — The
flood situation in - Cleveland and
vicinity is brighter at midnight Friday,
because of a fall in the temperature,
which will lessen the probability of a
dangerous gorge about ten miles up the
Cuyahoga River breaking and letting
loose a great mass of water held in
check by it. The Cuyahoga River Is
flowing about fifteen miles. an hour and
is slightly lower than during the day.
Three great lake vessels that broke
loose from' their moorings' to-day are
still wedged tightly together, and there
is no possibility of them breaking away
or of them being moved until the flood
of water has ceased running Into the
lake.
The entire loss in Cleveland is esti
mated at $500,000.
fYouns Hebrews to Entertain.'
The Young Men's Hebrew Associa'
tion has arranged for a book night to*
morrow evening at its clubrooms, 191*
Page street. The entertainment will
be for the benefit of the association's
library, and it in expected that a larss
ccllectlcn of books will be donated
during the evening.
SXOW FOLLOWS RAIN".
Trains Delayed and Traffic Prostrated
in New York and Canada.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Jan. 22.— With a
continuous fall of rain for nearly
twenty-four hours, the immense quan
tity of snow throughout the western
part of New York was rapidly turned
into water, which soon, to-night, sent
the rivers swirling out of bounds, flood
ing great areas.
In Northern New York and places in
Canada, where the temperature was
lower, the rain turned into sleet and
snow, prostrating telegraph and tele
phone lines and demoralizing railroad
traffic. Trains on the Grand Trunk and
Canadian Pacific to-night are reported
at from twelve to twenty-four hours
late. The Chicago express, on the
Grand Trunk, arrived at Toronto
twenty-four hours late, after spending
fifteen hours in a snowbank. Another
train is stalled in the anow somewhere
between" Montreal arid Toronto, and
snowplows have been sent out. to rescue
the train.
Widow of the Late George Grannis Is
Awarded Only $20,000 of
$175,000 Estate.
Harriet G. Center is entitled to the
major part of the $175,000 tate left by
George W. Grannis according to a de
cision rendered by the Supreme Court
yesterday. The widow will get only
$20,000. The grandson will get deced
ent's gold watch and jewelry. The es
tate will be distributed exactly as
Grannis intended.
The deceased left a will in which he
gave his wife $20,000 and his daughter.
Mrs. Center, the remainder of his prop
erty. A codicil was added . l.h
it was directed that his grandson,
Alexander, should receive hi3 watch
and jewelry.
Mrs. Grannis thought she should
have more than had been give,n her
and contested the decree oi distribu
tion accordingly. The Supreme Court
finds that deceased had accumulated
the greater part of his fortune before
his second marriage and that therefore
he was entitled to dispose of it as he
wished.
SUPREME .COURT DECIDES
IN FAVOR OF DAUGHTER
gheny stood at 29.6 feet at Perris Isl
and and was rising at the rate of six
tenths of a foot an hour; the Monon
gahela'at the wharf stood at 27.2, ris
ing eight-tenths of a foot per hour;
the Ohio at Davis Island dam stood at
25.1 and rising four-tenths of a foot
per hour.
The worst fears of the manufactur
ers along the PIttsburg side of the Al
legheny River from the Sharpsburg
bridge down, were realized shortly af
ter midnight, when the water swept
over the banks in many places and in
undated the surrounding districts.
Every mill and factory between the
Allegheny Valley Railroad tracks and
the river is more or less flooded and
it Is estimated that in the neighbor
hood of 25,000 men will be forced to
lay idle until Monday or Tuesday.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
FAMILIES RUN FROM FLOOD,
PARIS,' Jan. 22. — The Chamber of
Deputies was the scene of much ex
citement to-day in connection with the
case of Father Delsor. the Alsatian
priest who -was expelled from France
recently on the ground that he was
a foreigner seeking 1 to foment agita
tion against the Government. His ex
pulsion has revived the animosity
growing out of the Franco-Prussian
war, a considerable element of the
press and public asserting that the ex
pulsion of Delsor as a foreigner
marked the final abandonment of Al
sace to Germany. Premier Combes
declared the agitation had' the same
theatrical character as Boulangerism.
After a long and heated discussion
Premier Combes Intimated that he
would accept a motion made by SI.
Sarrlen as the order of the day pure
and simple, with the understanding
this should be taken to imply approval
of the Government's action.
The division resulted in a Ministerial
victory, the vote being 259 to 243.
During the sitting of the chamber
there was a noisy pro-Alsatian demon
stration in the Place de la Concorde,
which resulted in the arrest of about
sixty persons. Order was restored la
ter and the persons arrested were re
leased.
MINISTERS WIN * ON VOTE
—_i-
Police Break Up a Demon
stration on Street and Ar
rest About Sixty Persons
LINCOLN, Neb., Jan. 22.— Chief Jus
tice Holcomb of the Nebraska Supreme
Court to-day granted the request of
Deputy State Auditor Pierce for a tem
porary receiver for the Bankers' Union
of the World, an insurance order with
headquarters in Omaha, and Sheriff
Powers of Omaha was appointed. The
Deputy Auditor alleges that the order
Is insolvent; that all the liabilities
have not been reported; that the
amount due policy-holders and unpaid
is $30,000, and that the assets are only
$2437. E. C. Spinney of Omaha Is pres
ident of the union and his wife is vice
president.
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 22.— The Bank
ers* Union of the World, for which the
Supreme Court to-day granted a tem
porary receiver, was originated five
years Pgo by Dr. E. C. Spinney, who
has been its president since the charter
was granted; Judge E. P. Holmes oi
Lincoln is* vice president; Elmer II.
Packard, secretary, and M. T. Swartz,
banker. The company has been doing
business in twenty-five States and has
in force about $25,000,000 of insurance.
Its sross receipts for 1S03, according to
a statement just issued, were $135,3S7,
and the claims paid during the same
period amounted to $32,000.
President Spinney stated that the re
ceivership came as an entire surprise
to him, although he admitted that
there had been some difficulty between
the State officers and the company, as
a result, he said, of his declining t<»
pay certain" alleged excessive charges
for examination.
He says that on January 1(> the con
cern had $12,000 in cash on hand and
owned other assets worth $35,000. The
allegation that the State Auditor
makes, he said, that $20,000 was paid
him for salary for 1003 was untrue. Re
stated that his salary had been $6000;
that he had been paid about $7000 com
missions, which represented five per
cent allowed him but never drawn on
business for three former years; $1000
paid his wife as salary for editing th*
official paper, and $3000 in stock which
he had placed in the treasury and
which was returned to him by order of
the directors.
The headquarters of the Bankers'
Union occupy a large suite of rooms
in a downtown office building and em
ploy a large force of clerks.
Sheriff Tower, the temporary re
ceiver of the union, took possession of
the offices of the concern late to-day» ,
Recent Expulsion of Alsatian
Priest Cause of Bitter De
bate in Chamber of Deputies
State Auditor Declares the
Concern Is Unstable and
True Report Is Not Given
OLD ISSUES
ROUSE FRENCH
AFFAIRS IN BAD SHAPE
Nebraska State Supreme Court
Grants Receiver for the Bank
ers' Union of the World
OMAHA ORDER
IS IN TROUBLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,;' SATURDAY; JANUARY 23, 1004.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
THOUSANDS OF THE TROOPS OF THE CZAR INVADE CITY OF NEWCHWANG,
AND CHINESE MERCHANTS ARE COMPELLED TO DISPLAY COLORS OF RUSSIA
Foreign Shipping; In British Port?.
The inroads on British commerce
that are being made by foreign ship
ping can be seen in the reports of
tonnage from the great South Waies
docks of London. In 1897 at five of
these docks there arrived 10,122 Brit
ish ships with a tonnage of 10,741,000
tons, and 2640 foreign ships with an
aggregate of 1,875,400 tons. Thus the
Uritish tonage >vas about 85 per cent
of the whole. In 1902 the correspond
ing figures were 13,969 British ships
of 9,745,200 tons, , and* 4017 foreign
ships of 3,607,500 tons. Thus the-
British tonnage was about 73 per
cent of the' total. \The foreign* ton
nage had increased ' 92 per cent and
the British decreased 9 per cent. —
New York Commercial.
To Prevent the Grip.
I-axativo , Bromo ..Quinine removes th* cause.
To get the'genulnv call far the full name. 25c. *
Goodman Gonrong— We don't git
nbthln' at, that house. I asked' the
woman fur some cold vittles, a cup o*
cawfey. some clothin', an' a place to
sleep in' the barn' an", by gum, she
said I was dbmin* it a little too strong,
and'.shaiset the door in my face!
. Tuff old Knutt— That's . wot yet git,
ye blame , fool, fur puttin* all yer begs
in onVask it."— Chicago Tribune.
' ,My mother's sight has failed so that
threading a needle is. a task almost.be
yond her.' After "an absence from home
I .learned 1 ' that a young, friend having
eeVn her difficulty, had helped her over
this little obstacle by threading her
: needles. ; She 'simply took' the spool of
thread and paper of needles, and, with
•out breaking 'the thread, threaded the.
whole paper of needles : as one would
string beads. When , a needleful of
thread was' desired all * that was neces
sary was to take the first needle, draw
off as long a thread as desired, fasten
'¦ the outside needle- to the spool and
I leave ; It -ready ": for next ' time.— Good
Housekeeping. -. ¦ '¦ •:"¦
Threading Xcedles.
2
DB. PIEECE'S REMEDIES.
mm W3 f*
Somewhere ia the world life is tt
stake every minute of the day. Right
at our own doors, perhaps, is going on a
struggle as grim and fierce as any fight
or flight on record. . You hear the hol-
low tearing cough ; see the ooze of blood
which tells of the wounded lungs ; mark
the emaciated body and hectic cheek,
and know a life is at stake.
The ess of Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery has saved xaany a life in
jutt such a crisis. It cures obstinate,
deep-seated coughs, stops , the hemor-
rhage, strengthens "weak" lungs, and
restores the emaciated body tc its nor-
nal weight and strength. . .',-
There is no alcohol in the "Discov-
ery," end it is absolutely free from
opium, cocaine, and all other narcotics.
") <ic«ire to nend you this bric£ cnsolicited
testimonial." writes Rev. Tosrph IL Fesperman.
Bariaa Spring*. Irede'.l Co.. & C "Ia iS9Sone
of ct daughters tras r-uffensg: on aceocst of a
•erefe cough, hectic fever, wasting of flesh and
ether, eymptctas cf diseased lungs. 1 prompUy
gave her Dr. Pierce'* Cotdcn Medical Discovery
with gratifj-isi auccess. end the now enjoys
e?xcc3Iect health. This experience caused me
to r?con»end Dr. Piercc'a medicines to raj
neighbors, who. without exception, used tana
wiUi favcra'jle results."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cert stamps to pay
expense of mailing only, or if cloth
bound volume is desired send 31 statnrw.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Appetite
Means loss of vitality, vigor
or tone, and is often a pre-.
cursor of prostrating sick-
ness. This is why it is
serious. The best, thing
you can do is to take the
great* alterative and tonic
Hood'sSarsapariUa
Which has cored thonsanfe.
¦KiN& or _ BEER>S . 1
•V. SOLD E.VERYWHEKS. fl
HIX.BEBT MEKCANTILi CO.. U
Pacific O«Jt Agent*. M
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1» A GREAT KESTOKATiVE. 1KVIUOUA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrcdlslac and Spec!<U
Tonte for th* Sexual Orcaos. for joth MX«a.
The Mexican Remedies for Disease* of in-»
KIdneya and Bladder. Sells on Ita own n#nu
NABER. ALFS * PIUTNE. AsuUs.
323 Market *t., a. If. — iSenJ lor CtrcuUraj.
FREE TO- r
WANT ADVERTISERS.
IN ';.f.
NEXT' SUNDAY'S CALL.
Dc Wilt's Guide to San Fran-
cisco. Street Cur Lines. Hotels,;
Boarding, Rooming and Ajwirt-
mciit Houses," etc.. etc., together
with ah up-to-date indexed
map of the city. ,
BRING YOC71I \VAXT ADS
TO THK CALL.Gas heaters, formerly $4.50. now $2.50,
at San FranciscoiGas and Electric Com
pany. 415 Post street. . . •
! CONSTANTINOPLE. Jan. 22.— The
Sultan ; has ordered that general am
nesty granted 1 to Bulgarians
and Macedonians who* have 'been im
prisoned for participation in the dis
turbances of last summer. Before
giving i effect to this decree, however,
the PorteT is trying to obtain assur
ances'regarding Bulgaria's attitude in
the future. ¦ r .
Sultan Grants General Amnesty.
Oom Paul in Good HcaUli.
MENTONE, France, Jan. 22.— The
teport circulated in the United States
from The Hague yesterday that for
mer President Kruger is so feeble
that his' friends are most anxious re
garding him is incorrect. Kruger is
enjoying excellent health.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 22.
The legal fraternity of Phi Delta Phi
has initiated nine new members into
the organization. They are L. P.
Bansbach. '04; G. H. Clark, '04; J. H.
Page. '03: W. L. Bertheau, '05; P. K.
Funkee, '05; W. R. Cole, '05; B. C.
Dey, '05; M. H. Thorpe, '05, and E.
B. Favre, '05. Phi Delta Phi is a le
gal fraternity which is very promi
nent in the law department of Stan
ford University. The initiation was
partly public and the neophytes were
made to do ridiculous stunts before
crowds of amused students.
Students Hold Public Initiation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— The
President to-dav sent to the Senate"
thV.-i nomination of Miss Martha C.
Brown as Receiver of Public Moneys
at'Gunnison,; Colo.
Miss Brown Is renominated, having
been originally, appointed to that of
fice in "April, 1898. She is stated to
be the second woman ever appointed
to the office of Receiver, of Public
Moneys,: the other case being that of
M iss Minnie Williams, who held that
office. iri»Lander, Wyo.
President Roosevelt Nominates Miss
Martha C. Brown as Receiver " ¦
of 'Public Moneys.
WOMAN RECHOSEX
IX>R PUBLIC OFFICE
Edna Wallace Hopper on the Stand.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 22.— Edna
Wallace; Hopper was called to-day to
give rebuttal evidence in the suit
brought ¦ against James . t Dunsmuir . to
break the willof his brother. She told
of conversations with Mountford Wil
son, a San Francisco, regarding her
mother's health, the state- of Alexan
der' Dunsmulr's mind and the ground
for an attack of the will. She told of
conversations with- Dr.' Thome, who in
formed her that Dunsmuir was incom
petent and there should be no difficulty
in upsetting the will.
{ More Than 200 Pension Bills and
Many Resolutions Are Adopted.*
t WASHINGTON,, Jan. 22.— The House
to-day passed 207 pension bills and also
resolutions calling on the Secretary of
J War and the Attorney General for in
t formation as to the number of horses
I and carriages maintained at Govern-
Itnent expense for officers of these re
j spectlve departments. A bill permit
! ting the withdrawal, duty free, from
the St. Louis exposition of articles do
nated to religious, scientific, education
al or literary institutions was also
passed.
! WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— Chairman
Mann of Elections Committee No. 1 to
day appointed Representatives Galnes
j of West Virginia, Powers of Maine -and
< Bowers of Mississippi as a sub-com
• mittee to consider the Kahn-Livernash
j contest, involving the seat from one of
l the San Francisco districts.
HOUSE HAS A BUSY DAY.
English Government Finds That An
ticipated Issue Has Depressed
the Money Market. y
LONDON,' Jan. 22. — It \wa« an
nounced to-day that the Government
has decided to postpone indefinitely
the issue of the first installment,
amounting to *50.000,00G, of the
Transvaal loan, totaling $150,000,000.
This first S50, 000,000 was guaranteed
by the mining magnates and the an
ticipated issue of this installment,
with the consequent drain upon the
supplies of money, has been seriously
depressing the market for some time
past.
LOAN TO TRANSVAAL
HAS BEEX POSTPONED
BERLIN, Jan. 22.— Under the presi
dency of • Duke Ernst Guenther zu
SehleswigHolstein, Emperor William's
brother-in-law, th'e Middle European
Economic Society was formally found
ed here last night. It aims to procure
the ; establishment of a middle Euro
pean alliance on the lines proclaimed
by Count Goluchowski, the Austro-
Hungarian Minister for Foreign Af
fairs, several -years ago. The \ presi
dent declared the society was formed
to defend Germany from an overflow
of foreign goods, to strengthen Ger
man capacity in the markets of the
world and above all to meet American
competition. Professor Julius Wolff of
Breslau, the economist and intellectual
founder of the society, explained that
the Idea originated from observation of
American progress, which was due to
the "boundless possibilities opened to
that energetic race by its large unified
domestic market."
It was quite feasible to Introduce a
greater division of labor and special
ization, both in this country and . be
tween the countries embraced in the
plan of the Middle European Economic
Society, with the *view of cheapening
production. A further step would be
a reform of the most favored* nation
principle, which must be brought. info
harmony with reciprocity. Probably
the greatest task of the society, how
ever, will be the creation of economic
alliances between nations with com
mon interest*.
The /society adopted as a cardinal
principle necessity for directing the at
tention of the peoples and governments
of Central Europe to their common eco
nomic interests. • ; .
The meeting was attended by 150
leading economists, politicians, manu
facturers, merchants and land-owners.
It is intended to include in the scope
of the 'operations .of -.the society the
powers forming the Triple Alliance-
France. Switzerland, The Netherlands
and Scandinavia.
MANILA, Jan. 22. — Manager Jours of
the Hongkong and Shanghai Bank,
during th£ public discussion now going
on, prior to the passage of the supple
mental currency act, decided that ,the
banks had a letter from General Mer
ritt,' upon the strength of which the
importation of Mexican dollars was re
sumed after a twenty years' 'proposi
tion; that the importation of this
coin , was not voluntary, he said
upon the part of the banks, but
was forced upon them by the
military authorities practically at
the point of the bayonet. American
soldiers entered the banks, demanding
local currency for gold, some even go
ing to the length of enforcing their de
mands at the muzzle of a revolver.
There were 23,000 troops landed within
three months, to pay whom the quar
termaster and paymaster drew letters
of credit for half a million sterlings,
which Jours on his part found himself
unable to convert into coin, and con
sequently closed the bank. General
Greene then issued an order that un
less the bank opened and changed
these drafts Into money for .the' troops'
he would place Jours under guard, and
threatened to lock him up. The dis
cussion will be continued.' »'•
STOCKTON, Jan. — Lying at St.
Joseph's Hospftal, In this city, suf
fering from the shock of a. railroad
accide/it last evening necessitating the
amputation of her left foot and two
fingers of the .left hand, Mrs. D. C.
Matteson docs not,4cnow that her hus
band passed away this morning of a
complication of diseases.
Mrs. Matteson, 75 years of age, was
crossing the railroad track on Sac
ramento street last evening and, being
near-sighted and hard of hearing.^ did
not notice an approaching train 'and
was struck down. On account of her
advanced age she has small chance of
recovering.
Don Carlos Matteson, who was 75
years of age, was a pioneer manufac
turer and inventcr* of farming ma
chinery in California. He came to
California in 1830 and to Stockton in
1S52, and had resided here ever since.
He was the founder of the Matteson-
Williamson H Manufacturing Company,
makers of combined harvesters and
other farming implements.
Don Carlos Matteson Passes Away a
Few Hours After Wife Receives
Fatal Injuries!.
NEWS OF HUSBAND'S DEATH
IS KEPT FROM DYING WOMAN'
Economists Unite to Establish
an Alliance for Protection
¦
of the Country's Industries
Maiingcr Jours ' Says He Was
Compelled to Import Mexi
can Coin at Bayonet's Point
GERMANS FORM
A NEW LEAGUE
BANKER ACTS
UNDER FORCE
Intends Establishing nn Industrial
Sanitarium and Shelter Home for
Indigent in the Southland.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 22.— Commander
Booth-Tucker of the Salvation Army
in America is in the city for the pur
pose of completing the plan of estab
lishing here two Salvation Army insti
tutions. One will be an industrial sani
tarium and the other a shelter home
for indigent but transient guests. The
sanitarium will be for the aged, the
sick and feeble, but it will follow out
the idea of "industrial" in that light
employment In the culture of the silk
worm and the handling of cocoons will
be furnished those who can do the
work. '
Commander Tucker is here not for
business alone, but to some extent for
health, as he was ordered to come to
Southern California for a rest after the
trying ordeal which he went through
,at the time of the death of his wife a
few months a so. '"%,;,
COMMANDER BOOTH-TUCKER
IS VISITING SAX DIEGO
Newlands said that the suggestion
for a solution of the isthmian problem
was his own and the resolution was
laid on the table, subject to his call.
Gorman then asked for a vote on his
resolution on which all the recent
speeches on the Panama question have
been delivered.'
After some change in the phraseology
It was adopted without division.
The Senate, at 4:30, went into execu
tive session, and at 4:39 p. m. adjourned
until to-morrow.
The Senate to-day in executive ses
sion confirmed the following nomina
tions: Fleming D. Cheshire, New York,
Consul General at Mukden, China; Ed
win V. Morcan, New York, Consul at'
Dalny, China: James W. Davidson,
Minnesota. Consul at Antung, China. ,
Newlands then quoted the challenge
made by Spooner a few days ago to
put his (Newlands') views in the form of
a resolution and presented a resolution
setting forth the condition of affairs on
the isthmus of Panama, and declaring
our intervention to be unjustified under
the treaty of 1846, under international
law and under the constitution of. the
United States. The resolution also de
clares that the instructions sent by
this Government to its officers in Pana
man waters and other acts on the
part of this Government constitute a
declaration and prosecution of war;
and, finally, authorizes the President tt>
enter into a new treaty with Colombia
for the cession of aH rights to the;
isthmus of Panama to the United'
States. •
Teller declared that the contention
of Dolliver that the treaty of 184G was
a canal treaty and gave the United
States any sovereignty in the canal
strip was in conflict with the authori
ties of all time.
and let other governments take care of
themselves."
TELLER IS OPPOSED.
it seems improbable at this time
that Senator Foraker will precipitate
a contest in Ohio over the selection of
delegates to the Chicago convention.
It is known that many close friends
of the President believe that nothing
would be gained by such a contest,
whatever the result of it might be. Ef
forts are being made now to bring
Senators Hanna and Foraker to
gether in the selection of Ohio's dele-
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— A confer
ence which, though brief, was pregnant
with significance, was held at the White
House to-tlay between the President
and Senator Foraker. The Senator re
turned yesterday from a sojourn of
several days in Ohio, where he con
ferred with many of his friends re
garding th« political situation. It was
to irfoim tho President of the result
of his observations that he called on
him.
gates. It is known that among Hanna's
closest friends there is a disposition to
attempt to relegate Senator Foraker to
the rear if he desires to go to the Chi
cago convention as a delegate-at
large, provided that'no contest which
might imperil the Integrity of the Re
publican organization in the State is
made.
To-day's conference lasted but a
short time, but the .situation was dis
cussed in jts salient features. It is
understood that the President will not
permit himself to be drawn into any
factional trouble, either in Ohio or in
any other State. Senator Foraker
understands the President's position
in this regard. The conference to-day
was not prolonged because the Senator
had an engagement for a committee
meeting, which he was obliged to keep,
but it is likely thata further and fuller
discussion of the matter will be had at
a later time.
THE SENATOR WHO DIRECTS THE POLITICAL AFFAIRS OF PRES
IDENT ROOSEVELT IN OHIO. A>T> WHO WILL TRY TO. SEND A
SOL^) DELEGATION FROM THAT STATE.
! Cora Biederman, resigned.
Oregon— Walter E. Ea"kin, Rickrcall,
Polk County, vice Peter Cook, resigned.
Army orders — Contract Surgeon M.
: Manly Waterhouse, now at San Fran
; cisco, will proceed east with troops and
I then to New York for annulment of
, contract. Captain Louis F. Garrard
I Jr., paymaster, now at San Francisco,
: to Delaware City, Del. /are. .
! Orders for tlic Army and Commissions
for Many Postmasters Are
Issued.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.—Postmas
: ters commissioned: California, Ossian
i E.' Gibbons, Piano; Jay G. Buckley,
I Amsterdam.
j Oregon— William M. Yates, Hood
j River.
Washington — Frances M. Lighthizzer,
j Harrington.
Fourth class postmaster appointed —
J California: Harry E. Gannaway, Wil
j mington, Los Angeles County, vice
I OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
{ OF THE PACIFIC COAST
isthmus of Panama referred to by the Presi
dent m his last annual messace. the United
State* u»ed a military force solely on his
r-^n initiative and uninvited by the Govern
ment owninc the isthmus, and also to inform
the Senate or the circumstances in each case
which required such use of military force, and
ta transmit copies of the orders Issued by the
Navy If-partment for such r.uriKiye.
Fourth— And also that he will Inform the
Rrafcte of the tjatfs when and circumstances
arofr which the l'nite<i States has employed
military force in the internal affairs of New
Orana'la or <~olombia on account of any revo
lu'io-i t,r rei>cllion or disturbance of peopi:
tbetdc •
CANALS IMPORTANCE.
Dolliver, at the afternoon session,
eafd that since our intervention in the
Cuban war the canal rjuestion had in
creased vastly in importance, and he
predicted that fume of the Democratic
Senators who wore opposing the canal
treaty would find it to be a "burning
question." He deprecated criticism of
thr President in connection with the ,
.Panama revolt, referring to him as k ',
"God-fearing, patriotic man." i
As a precedent for the President's '
recdgniU6a of Panama Dolliver showed
that President Pierce had recognized
five revolutionary governments within
four months.
Patterson of Colorado interrupted to
state that these recognitions were in
accordance with international law;
lhat it was a reebgnition of de facto
governments, and in no case one of
secession. /
"Will the Senator say why twenty
rations of Europe have recognized
Panama?" Queried Dolliver.
"Because the United States set the
pace," replied Patterson. "They rec
ognized that the United States had
created that government, and, wish
ing to continue !n good favor of this
country, they followed its lead."
/'Does international law in Europe
consist of following the blunders and
crimes committed by the United
States?" retorted Dolliver.
Continuing Dolliver declared vehe
mently that the Panama \ revolution
' had been going on for twenty years.
"Talk to me," said Dolliver, "about
the Unitod States interferingn to aid
the insurrection in Panama; the Unit
ed f ites could not have stopped the
insurrection if it had desired to do
so."
Dolliver declared that all that had
been done by the United States in
Panama was "done in obedience to the
requirements of our treaties. I accept
the Secretary of State as my authority
en this Question, for, much as I may
respect the opinion of Senators, I
would accept John Hay's opinion on
such a subject in preference to the
opinions of any of them.. Therefore,
I do not apologize for any of the orders
given or the acts done in Panama."
"I have reached," he concluded, "the
point in my patriotism where I pro
pose to stand by my own* Government
Second — Also to inform the Senate whether
or not the United States has been asked by
Xjw Grar.afia or Colombia, or any official rep
resentative of either, to execute, by armed
force, either the guaranty of the neutrality of
thr isthmu s or of the novercigmty of New
Uranada or Colombia, over the same; and. if
the United States has been so asked, then
the date? end circumstances thereof: and to
srnd to the Senate copies of the letters or
notes, in each raw, conveying the application
nnd what was d°ne thereunder by the United
SlHtfS.
Third— And also to inform the Senate in
which, if any. of the disturbances on the
WASHINGTON. Jan. 22.— The Senate
to-day adopted the resolution of in
quiry concerning affairs in 'Panama in
troduced on the 6th instant by Gor
man and listened to a speech on the
Panama Question by Dollivor and
another on the subject of recess ap
pointments by Tillman.
Following is the text of the Gorman
resolution adopted:
Resolved, That the President be requested.
1* not in his judgment Incompatible with public
lr.iTest, to inform the Senate:
First— The date when and the circumstances
under which the United States for the first
t:it)e ar.d each succeeding; time has caused a
tnilitary force t» act In the Internal affair*
of X»» Granada, or Colombia, under the treaty
ol 1M6; whether such use of military force
¦was en the initiative of the United State* or
by the request of New Granada or Colombia,
or in consequence of any official representation
cf *ithrr; a.nd also to transmit to the Senate
rorl's of the letters or notes in the Der>art
m«:nt of State and at the orders by the Navy
r>« partmed, relating to Euch u?e of military
force.
Dolliver Declares That His
Patriotism Has Reached a
Point Where He Intends to
Stand bv His Government
Peace Guardians Arrive at an
Opportune and Bel
ligerents Suspend Hostilities
Pending Appeal to the Courts
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Jan. 22. — There was a
clash between officials and employes of
the Interurban electric railway and <he
San Jose and Santa Clara electric rail
way, on North Market street late this
afternoon, and for a time it looked as
though there would be a riot. As it was
James "W. Rea, president of the Inter
urban company, gave Manager Hugh
Center of the San Jose and Santa Clara
line a good shaking and threw him and
several of his employes off. the track
of the Interurban company. Detective
James Prindiville then drew his club and
threatened to use it upon Rea. Fully a
thousand people gathered, and the ar
rival of a squad of police prevented a
free fight. £v'.v
A row has been on between the Inter
urban railway and the San Jose and
Santa Clara line for two months over
the laying of a third rail on North Mar
ket street for use of the latter line.
Monday an injunction tying up the
Interurban road was dissolved. #
Thursday night President Rea had
his men remove the trolley wires that
the San Jose and Santa Clara line had
strung, and this -.afternoon Manager
Center put his men to work placing
the wires again In position, starting
from the broad-gauge depot. Rea also
beg3n placing the Interurban trolley
from the southern end of the line. At
about the same time, Center had a
force tearing up the Interurban's track
at the Santa Clara street crossing to
lay a third rail, which he had by In
junction failed to cause the Interurban
to do. ' Rea and Manager Granger hap
pened on the scene about that time,
and Rea made Center's men stop^the
work. Center came along soon after
ward and ordered the work to proceed.
He took his place in the center of the
track. Rea then grabbed Center and.
after shaking him, threw him to one
side. Detective Prindiville started for
Rea, and threatened to club him,
whereupon some one cried "If you club
him I'll kill you." Rea stood his ground,
and for a time a^flght was imminent.
Rea claims the detective struck him
with his fijt.
Center's men then went to work dig
ging up the cement under police pro
jection. Contractor Elder, hearing of
• the trouble, rushed his men up from
j the other 'end of the road, and they
j brought with them carload of big,
I cement blocks, which* they piled in the
j way of the Center forces. Seeing that
! it was useless to longer battle, Center
withdrew his men.
Rea was served with an injunction
to-night that restrains the Interurban
company from interfering with the
trolley wires of the San Jose and Santa
i Clara road. The Interurban had a gang
| of men stringing trolley wires on the
; rest of its, line to-night, and they also
strung a wire on North Market street,
over the section where Center's men
cut the wires. Contractor Elder to-night
had a gang of forty men armed with
pick-handle^ on guard along the track.
The Interurban company will try to
| have its line in operation to-morrow.
; Shortly before midnight the Inter-
I urban Company sued out an injunc
i tion restraining its rival from inter
i fering with the operation of the road.
There is no more engrossing: question than
that of the relation between labor and capital,
which seems the paramount issue to-day. The
instinct cf working men to band together to ;
protect themselves Is no more to be wondered j
at tha'n the same instinct on the part oC cap
ital. Now, ray plan !s to have organized union !
labor Americanized in the best sense and j
thoroughly educated to an understanding of j
its responsibilities, and in this way to make j
it the ally of the capitalist, rather than a foe
with which to grapple.
It is often asked what is to become of the
non-organized consumer If an amicable alli
ance is made between labor and capital. But
every I man belongs to the one or the other i
group; for that matter he Is likely to belong
to both. ¦ ,
/ LIKES GOLDEN RULE.
I took lome time to consider the work of;
the Civic Federation and am firmly convinced |
that it la the object to which I desire to!
consecrate the remaining years of my life. I |
fully appreciate that It Is a long struggle,
but the progress already made under the motto
of the Civic Federation — the golden rule — has
, surpassed even my most sanguine expectations, f
1 and 1 am sure that the American people wiil
i sustain a policy based upon the highest moral
and social impulse, which will eliminate the .
Passionate prejudices that new exist between '
eapital and labor. I
Discussing: some of the objects of
the Civic Federation Senator- Hanna \
says:
Until within a comparatively few years b!u
capitalists or the employing Interests have
had the advantage because there were mor.'
¦workmen than there was work. But condi
tions have changed, and for every workman,
on an averas-e, there are two Jobs now In the j
heyday of our prosperity, and ,it is expecting
too much of human nature to suppose that
workingmen shall not desire a larger share
of the profits.
MAKES STRONG APPEAL.
Labor organizations may be open to sharp
criticism at times, but It cannot be fairly
stated that they are always wrong. If every
man Is treated as a man and an appeal made
to his heart as well as his reason it wiil
establish a bond of confidence as a sure foun
dation to build upon. While labor unions may
have been a curse to Knglahd, I believe they
will prove a boon to our own country when
a -proper basis of confidence and respect Is
established.
The menace of to-day, as I view it. is the
spread of a spirit of socialism — one of those
things which Is only half understood and Is
more or l*ss used to Inflame the popular mind
agafnsl all individual .initiative and persona!
energy, which has been the very essenct of
American progress.
NO "ISMS" WANTED.
There is a spirit of co-operation or communi
ty of interests, which tome people may con
found with socialism, that is making headway
I with us; but when any one attempts for po
litical or financial reasons to advocate the
whol* programme of European socialism he
will find little prcspeet of the seeds taking root
in American soil. This. I think, was demon
strated very conclusively In. the Ohio cam
paign, . where higher socialism was brought
forth as an issue.
Fairness and prejudice will never agree
to the confiscation of the products of
one man's toll in order to Insure
comfort to the Idle and worthless. No
"Ism" Is wanted by the American people that
will take from any citizen the just and eqnlt
able reward of his labor. Both capital and la
bor must yield In time to the great law of
fair dealing, man to man. I wish I could im
press upon every American the Individual re
sponsibility that rests upon each one of us.
Every year of experience, every dollar of ac
cumulated capital, every talent we possess,
should be regarded as a sacred charge for the
good of the nation, to help in uniting the in
terests of rich and poor, learned and un
learned. . _
BOSTON, Jan. 22. — Senator Hanna
contributes to the February number of
the National Magazine of this city an
article pn "Socialism and the Labor
Unions."
After expressing his belief in the
power of education over the American
people and declaring that the basis of
right success is fairness and justice,
Senator Hanna writes: _ -
Justice Pritchard discharged the
rule issued yesterday against Post
offlce Inspectors Mayer and Gregory,
charged by the defense with coaching
witnesses, -being satisfied with their an
swers as contained in affidavits pre
sented by them. An adjournment un
til Monday was taken.
The disputed transcript of Machen's
account with the Union National Bank
of Westminster, Md., then was admit
ted on the express understanding that
only such items as were shown to relate
to Machen in the transactions between
him and the other defendants should
be considered.
WASHINGTON. Jan. tl.— In the pos
tal trial to-day several witnesses were
led through a tedious line of question-
Ing by the Assistant District Attorney,
most of which, as counsel explained,
was for the purpose of showing a per
sonal- interest on the part of Machen
in the introduction of the Groff fasten
ers. The Government announced that
it was nearing the completion of its
case.
After counsel for the defense had
briefly touched on the statement made
at the close of yesterday's session by
Mr. Conrad that Machen, on a salary
of $3300 a year, had managed to make
$20,000 & year, Mr. Conrad secured per
mission to withdraw his remark, say
ing that he would not convict the de
fendant on any statement that fell
unguarded from his lips.
REPUBLICANS AND
DEMOCRATS DEBATE
TROLLEY WIRES, CUT
AND RAILS TORN UP
Prosecutor Tries to Prove
' Personal Interest on Part*of
Machen in an Invention
Statesman Declares That the
Unions Should Not Always
Be Blamed for Conditions
TRANSCRIPT IN EVIDENCE
Senator (Jorman Urges the
President to Present Tapers j
and Documents Relating toj
the New Republic of Panama \
Officials and Employes of the
Kival Electric Railways Clash
at San Jose and a Serious
Riot Is Narrowly Averted
WANTS CLOSER BONDS
Attorneys of the Government
Announce in CourtThatTheir
Case Is Almost Completed
Ohio Senator Says the Labor
er Should Become an Ally
Bather Than Foe of Capitalist
1 : ;*
President Is Opposed to Factional Differences
and the Efforts of the Politicians Will Be to
Draw the Buckeye Senators Into Closer Union
RESOLUTION
OF INQUIRY
IS ADOPTED
POLICEMEN
PREVENT A
FREE FIGHT
POSTAL TRIAL
SOON MAY END
GOLDEN RULE
HANNA'S GUIDE
ROOSEVELT AND FORAKER TALK
OVER THE SITUATION IN OHIO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, -JANUARY 23, 1904.
TRENTON. N. J., Jan. - 22.— The
Bricklayers' and Masons' International
Union v at: its convention to-day decided
to meet next' year, in Sah»Francisco. ;
Bricklayers to 3Ieet in ; This City.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 22.— Judge Sea
well to-day rendered judgment for the
defendant in the suit, brought by Ber
nard Walther, a violinist, to recover
a balance of $1452 alleged to be due
him -under a contract madq with Dr.
C. N. Thomas for a concert tour.
Violinist Walther Loses His Suit.
French Honors for Americans.
PARIS. -Jan. 22. — President Harper
of Chicago University and Garl Mel
chers, the artist, have been decorated
with the Cross of the Legion of Honor.
Senator Haimn Is Better.
; WASHINGTON. Jan. 22. — Senator
I Hanna, who has- had another attack of
' grip, is reported much better to-day.
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pears'
soap responds to water in-
stantly; washes and rinses
off in a. twinkling.
It is the finest toilet soap
in all the world.
Established over loo ye«r*.
.CUiFEERJlT
EVERy,BLAD£MRRANTED
Your grocer is glad to return
your money, if Schilling's Best
is net good-enough for you.
It isn't his money.
\ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S 1
STARTLING
DISCOVERY
A MEW CURE TO PRO-
LONG LIFE.
Made From the Fruit of
PAW PAW
Stops All Wastes by Feeding
the Nerves.
REVITALIZES THE BLOOD
Cures Dyspepsia, Indigestion
and Stomach Troubles.
A GREAT TEST TO BE MADE
IN SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
— /
10,000 Bottles to fie Given Away
From the Office of the
S. F. Examiner.
I THIS FREE DISTRIBUTION BEGINS 9
O'CLOCK SATURDAY MORNING,
JANUARY 23.
•-
TO the Editor of the San Francisco
¦ -Call: Having discovered a new
rtmedy which I believe will revolution-
ize the practice of medicine. I must earn-
estly ask that you assist m? in Its intro-
duction by announcing a free distribu-
tion from a newspaper office.
I want the public to know the truth —
know it as I know it.
I believe there is a cure for every dis-
ease — I believe that human life can he
prolonged — I believe that people should
die only from old age, and \ also believe
and know that my Paw Paw remedy will
not only relieve much suffering, but add
many years to the average life.
In my opinion dyspepsia and indiges-
tion are the cause of most ailments. In-
digestion means nervousness, sleepless-
ness, impure blood, catarrh, sluggish
liver, kidney and heart affections. Nr>
person can be happy — no person can see
the beauties or life and enjoy its pleas-
ures, who suffers from any form of
stomach trouble.
An eminent actor called my attention
to the wonderful benefit he had derived
from eating the Paw Paw fruit, telling
me that it had made almost a new stom-
ach for him. I 'began to experiment
with this fruit and found it to be a most
powerful aid to digestion.
I have taken the medicinal qualities of
this fruit and combined it with othei
medicaments and have made a prepara-
tion which is called "MUNIOX'S PAW
PAW."
I cannot recommend this remedy too
highly for all- forms of indigestion and
nervousness. This remedy also acts
wonderfully well on the liver, blood and
kidneys, but I believe its greatest o{Bce
is in its marvelous effect upon the stom-
ach and nerves. It Is really a nerve food
and vitalizer.
It fiives exhilaration without intoxica-
tion. It does what whisky nor be-T can-
not do. It rcliex.es the nerve tension. It
stimulates every fiber and puts into act-
ive force every tissue of the body. It
lifts one into the altitude of hope and
holds him there. , It is a bridge that en-
ables the weak and sickly to cross dan-
gerous places. ? It feeds and nourishes
the nerves, so that the blood corpuscles
will be constantly revitalized, and ths»
losses of the vital forces will be almost
imperceptible. In. other words, it wiil
supply a sufficient quantity of life mat-
ter to take the place of the waste.
Instead of irritating the nerves arid
stomach ¦ it soothes and strengthens
them.
Almost every human being some tim<»
requires a stimulant. NOT AN ALCO-
HOLIC STIMULANT, not a stimulant
that will buoy him up for a moment and
then cast him down to lower depths of
depression, but a stimulant that will
give an abiding strength and lasting
force.
lly Paw Paw aids the stomach to di-
gest hearty foods, and to make good,
rich blood, which again in turn strength-
ens the nerves, vitalizing all the tissues,
and soon produces muscle; tissue, bone.
It is my opinion that tho clergymen In
this country could do no greater service
to the cause of temperance than to ad-
vocate the general use of my Paw Paw.
for by its . use drunkenness would b»
lessened and the morals and health of
the community greatly improved.
A wife whose husband is addicted ;o
drinking can do nothing better for her-
self or family than to get a bottle of this
Paw Paw, and whenever her husband
feels the need of a tonic give him a ta-
blespoonful of Paw. Paw. She will find
that he will soon lose all cravings for
strong drinks — that his appetite will
soon become natural; that his nervous-
ness and longing for excitements wJli
disappear, and he will be perfectly satis-
f.ed without alcoholic stimulants and
harmful beverages.
I have so much confidence in this
rsmedy, that I propose distributing trial
bottles free from the leading newspaper
offices throughout the country. I want
everybody -to try it. feeling confident
that it will bring relief and happiness.
Trusting you will aid me in this In-
vestigation. I beff to remain.
Tours faithfully. ,
J. M. MUNTON.
* Professor Munyon has adopted- the
same method of introducing this remedy
that has characterized the introduction
of all his other remedies— by distribut-
ing free samples from the leading newa-
-paper. offices, and inviticg the public t»
make a thorough test and then report the
result? through the columns of the
newspapers.
We cheerfully open the columns of our
paper to this investigation, and hope
that every' person suffering with any
nerve or stomach trouble will give this
remedy a careful tesc.
This free distribution will begin Sat-
urday. January 23. at D o'clock a. va.. at
the office of the San Francisco Examiner.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 oer Year.From a 20-year-old mulberry tree 218
pounds of leaves have been picked in
a year..
Ballot for Senator Unchanged.
ANNAPOLIS. Md., Jan. 22. — There
was no material change in the~ballot
to-day for United' States Senator to
succeed. McComas, '
The Rev. William Rader of the
Third Congregational Church will give
a series of Sunday evening sermons,
including "The Book of Blood," "Je
rome, the Scholar-Monk, and the
Making of the Authorized Version of
the Catholic Bible," "Wyclif, the
Morning Star of the Reformation,"
"Tyndal, the Hero of Dungeon and
Stake," and "Henry VIII and the Eng
lish Bible."
Rev. W. Rader's Sermons.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 22.— The Missouri
Press Association, meeting in, annual'
session here. to r day, expelled former
Lieutenant Governor John A. Lee and
I. L- Page, editor of .the Bonne Terre
(Mo.) Star, because of their alleged
connection with boodle scandals in
Jefferson City.. ; . . . b
Di«craced Editors Expelled.
Overwork Drives the Leading Man of
a Columbus (Ohio) Theater
to Suicide. *
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 22. — Ned
Howard Fowler, leading man of the
Empire Theater Stock Company,, shot
and killed himself to-day in the.pres
ence of his wife, Laura Nelson Hall,
whom he. married recently. .Nervous
ness is assigned as. the cause, due to
overwork. . . ....
ACTOR ENDS HIS LIFE •
IN WIFE'S PRESENCE
Prepare ]Leap Year Party.
A merry leap year party will be
given to-morrow night by the Ein
tracht Frauen Verein at Eintracht
Hall, 237 Twelfth street. Mrs. Anna
Johanson is president of the commit
tee of arrangements.
INDIANAPOLIS. Jan. 22. — At to
day's session of the United Mine
¦Workers of America a memorial ad
dressed to the American Federation of
Labor, requesting it to require legis
lation in all trades unions raising the
"color line," was adopted. A reso
lution was also adopted releasing
locals from obligations to meet the
taxation imposed by local central
trades unions for support of general
business agents which cannot act for
the miners.
Members of the executive commit
tee say the committee will levy on the
entire membership an increased per
capita strike assessment for the sup
port and defense of the strikers in
Colorado, West Virginia and in the
Mcyersdale district in Pennsylvania.
The Socialists again made a deter
mined effort to-day to* inject Social
ism into the convention by a resolu
tion for the appointment of times for
the discussion of economic questions
and setting forth socialistic doctrines.
Convention at Indianapolis Adopts
Memorial Addressed to Amer
ican Federation.
MINERS WANT COLOR
ONE WITHDRAWN
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Jan. 22. — All
cases against Frank Siegel, president
of the defunct Siegrel-Sanders Live
stock Commission Company, who was
charged with embezzling on seven in
dictments, were dismissed by the
Prosecuting: Attorney here to-day. The
prosecutor stated that as one of the
cases against Siegel had been dis
missed there was no chance of con
victing him on the others. The
charges were instigated by Frank
Rockefeller, a brother of John D.
Rockefeller, who lost nearly $250,000
in the failure of the firm two years
ago.
Kansas City Stockman Escapes Six
Indictments by an Acquittal
on One.
COURT DISMISSES SUIT
AGAIXST SIEGEIj
to such an extent that the enterprises would
be abandoned.
According .to. the Nevada County
Min^r, the Polar Star mine will be re
opened : in about two . months. The
Seven-Thirty mine, "at Dead Man's Flat,
will also resume operations.
The Mother Lode Banner reports that
work will be resumed at the Vine
Spring mine in February, And the
Densmore will start -up." ; The Horse
shoe Bend smihe- will add to Its outfit.
Active operations at the Arbona mine
are expected.^ The Eureka mine was
sold at public auction for $2000.
The Green Mountain mine, in Nevada
County, so 'says the, ,. Grass Valley
Tidings, will -be/ operated on a large
scale. Adeej) shaft Svill be sunk with
levels every 100 feet. The Centennial
mine will be xmwatered under the same
management and thoroughly equipped.
The San Diego News says:. 7
There is considerable speculation over tho
outcome of th« fln<iinir of new deposits of gems
in the vicinity of Ramona. • The, reports, are
many and. mostly exaggerated. Mr. Wilson of
the San Diejco Gem Company made an in
spection qf tha "•¦various ledges and secured
specimens",. of the gems. After making - thor
ough tests of the stone in the company's lapi
dary "Wilson founcl , it to be the genuine white
topaz. The ledges are of a pejematyte forma
tion. ¦ consisting of quartz. - feldspar and . mica.
Besides the' topaz are found zircon, garnet and
very good indications of tourmaline. The best
prospect discovered so far was by Mr. Booth
at the stage station four miles cast of Ramona.
Only white topaz. has so far .been found, but
if the gre*n and blue ' varieties ' can be . found
it will become the richest section of San Diego
County. -j
SWEETWATER RESERVOIR
IS , TO BE RE-ESTABLISHED
Homer IT. Peters Undertakes to Fi
nance Properties of Cheney Corpo
•, rations in San Diego County.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 22. — It was
learned to-day that Homer H. Peters
has undertaken to finance, 'under a
consolidation plan, the entire proper
ties of the four corpcyrations - known
as the Cheney holdings in San Diego
County and that it is contemplated to
re-establish the Sweetwater reservoir
so as to provide a liberal supply of
water both for irrigating and domes
tic use. It is also planned to electri
cize the National C/ty and Otay Rail
road and equip it with up-to-date cars
and extend the road to meet the
wishes of a large area in Chula Vista
territory.
The aggregate value of the Cheney
property is several' million dollars, it
includes the Sweetwater system: the
National City and Otay Railroad;
about 30.000 acres of land, including
1500 in orchards; also about '2200 lota
In San Dieso and 3700 in" National
City, besides an acid factory at Na
tional and various other properties,
both real and personal.
. When Peters was questioned con
cerning the contemplated improve
ments he declined to enter into details.
SANTA ROSA RESIDENTS
FAVOR BONDING THE CITY
t -
3Ierchants and Financiers Discuss
With Councilmen Advisability of
Raising Improvement Funds.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 22. — For some
time past the members of the Com
mon Council have been discussing the
advisability of bonding Santa Rosa to
secure municipal improvements. This
discussion crystallized last night at a
largely attended meeting of the Coun
cil, at which representative citizens of
Santa Rosa were present. Speeches
were made advocating the proposed
bond issue. The meeting then ad
journed until Saturday night, after de
termining the amounts to be: raised
for water and sewer purposes. For
the former $40,000 will be required,
and for the latter $25,000. On Satur
day evening the matter of providing
funds by bonding for street improve
ments and for a, municipal lighting
system will be determined. ' t
Among those who addressed the
Councilmen urging them to take ac
tion in the matter of the proposed
bonding: were merchants and finan
ciers, who believe that within five
years Santa Rose will double her pop
ulation.
Escnped Convict Eludes Pursuers.
. LOS ANGELES, Jan. 22. — Edward
Parker, the convict under sentence of
two years' imprisonment, who leaped
from a train in the Tehachapi Moun
tains while en route to the peniten
tiary, has succeeded in getting away.
Sheriff White and Deputy Cleveland
returned here, to-day and acknowledg
ed they had abandoned the chase.". A
close watch, -however, will be kept at
all avenues leading from the vicinity
and it is hoped that Parker may yet
be recaptured.
"The committee decided to continue
hearings during this session, and also
to meet frequently for the consideration
of river and harbor legislation and the
demands of such localities as are re
questing improvements. The necessity
for giving undivided attention to the
framing of the bill will prevent hear
ings at the next session."
'It is expected that the committee
will present a bill at a very early date
in the next session, certainly not later
than when Congress reconvenes after
the .holiday recess. In the meantime,
some legislation will be recommended
by the committee for' the necessary
maintenance of existing public works,
for such general legislation as may be
desired, and perhaps also for the ex
amination and survey of new projects.
"The main reason for this action was
the very large balance appropriation
for river and harbor improvements
which Is now lying in the Treasury,
unexpended. This balance at the end
of «last year was somewhat in excess
of S3S.000.000. In addition to this, it is
expected that $8,000,000, or thereabouts,
will be appropriated at this session in
the sundry civil bill for the continuance
of work on rivers and harbors where
improvements are progressing under
continuing contracts.
"A considerable number of com
plaints have been lodged with members
of the committee because of slowness
in prosecuting improvements. In some
cases appropriations were made several
years ago, but nothing yet has been
done. In others which were provided
for in the bill of June, 1902, the work
is scarcely commenced. The inade
quate number of Government engineers
engaged in this branch of the service,
the delay and difficulty in preparing
plans and securing sites for Govern
ment works and the high prices which
have prevailed for several years past,
are all, in different degrees, responsi-
Ble for this delay.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 22.— The House
Committee on Rivers and Harbors to
duy decided that there should be no
river and harbor appropriation bill at
the present session of Congress, al
though a few surveys may be author
ized. In explanation of the postpone-'
ment of a bill until next session. Chair
man Uurton made the following state
ment;
The total sale amounted to $79,
650, or an average of about $1600 per
lot. The catalogue embraced fifty
nine lots, of which eight had been sold
prior, to the auction. '
The northwest corner of Fourth
avenue and I street was sold to
George H. Hunt for $2900, who also
bought the lot adjoining on the we.st
side of Fourth avenue, for which he
paid $1325. The two lots on the
north side of I street, between Fourth
and Fifth avenues, each 25x110 feet,
were sold to S. Pearl for $1550 each.
C. C. Rivers bought the northeasterly
corner of Fifth avenue and I street,
35x95, for $2S50. The same buyer
also purchased : the lot adjoining, on
the north, 23x95, for $1325. H." Fran
kel paid the same price for the adjoin
ing lot. Jacob Weissbein bought
two lots, "each 25x95, on the east side
of Fifth avenue, 35 feet south of Hugo
street, for $1100 each. E. B. 'Smith
paid $1175 for the adjoining lot. Lots
on Fourth avenue were sold as fol
lows:
Lot 35x95 feet on the northeast
corner of Fourth avenue and I street
to C. C. Rivers for $2425. H. L. Mann
paid $1,225 each for the two lots ad
joining on the north, each 25x95, and
Thomas E. Darcy paid* $1200 for the
adjoining lot. The next two adjoin
ing lots, each 25x120 feet in size, were
sold for $1400 each, being purchased
by D. Lindsey and M. Chouvaldjy. O.
C. Cappelmann bought the two lots,
each 25x95, on the east side of Fourth
avenue. 35 feet south of Hugo street,
paying $1200 for one lot and $1225 for
the other. The adjoining lot on the
south was sold to Mrs. Hannah Berry
for $1200. The lot on the southeast
corner of Fourth avenue and Hugo
street was sold to A. W. Lehrke for
$2100.
The two lots on the south side of
Hugo street, each 23x110 feet, were
sold for $1400 each to E. L. Smith and
Charles E. Kegley. The lo"t 35x95
feet on the southwest corner of
Fourth avenue and Hugo street went
to Joseph Sattler for $2300. Harry
Koehner bought three lots, each 25x
95. feet, on the west side of Fourth
avenue, 35 feet south of Hugo street,
at $1250 each. H. L. Mann bought
100 feet adjoining, paying $1325 to
$1350 per lot.
William F. Mitchell paid $3150 for
the lot 32:6x95 on the southeast cor
ner of Fifth avenue and H street. The
adjoining lots on H street, each 25x
95 feet, sold at prices ranging from
$1500 to $1575 each, the buyers being
T. McDermott, E. Jacobsen. J. F.
Fitzgerald, C. W. Burgess, S. A. Born
and Eugene 'J. Keller. The lot on the
southwest corner of Fourth avenue
and H street, 32:6x95 feet, was sold
to A. Lerke.
The Fourth-avenue lots were sold
at $1400 each to T. H. Gray. C. F.
Beha, L. E. Glunz and Mary Knox.
James W. Bird bought two lots on the
north side of Hugo street, between
Fourth and Fifth avenues, paying
$1500 each. Three lots on Fifth ave
nue, between Hugo and • H streets,
were sold to William Sollmann, Wil
liam Bachman and W. G. Seppich at
prices ranging from $1325 to $1500
each.' Dr. E. L. Clark paid $2125 for
the lot 35x95 feet on the southeast
corner of Hugo Street and Fifth ave
nue. The same buyer bought the lot
25x95 feet on the east side of Fifth
avenue, 85 feet north of I street, for
$1325.
The auction sale of the Parnassus
Heights lots, held by Baldwin & How
ell on Thursday, attracted a large
crowd and the competition for the
lots was spirited from the opening of
*the sale.
This news was circulated about the
University Club yesterday. It was ar
gued by some of the graduates that
there was a moral obligation on the
University of California to take part
in the exposition, as the size of the
appropriation' as appears by the text
of the law adopted by the California
Legislature was based upon the prop
osition that all the State's institutions
would take part and so render unnec
essary a larger appropriation that was
finally approved of. The State Library,
the public schools and other branches
of public service have already provided
for co-operation.
Some graduates say that it would be
ridiculous for the university, after
making so strenuous a fight for lead
ing place at St. Louis, to fail to be rep
resented and acknowledge to the world
that the' only reason for failure was
that in the opulent State of California,
that boasts justly of its wealth and re
sources, the principal public institu
tion of learning should take the back
track publicly and be. subjected to ridi
cule because of the Jack of only $5000.
It is possible that a committee of
graduates of the State University will
be appointed to devise means to
raise the amount necessary to insure
a worthy exhibit by the university at
the exposition.
GRADUATES TAKE XCTIOX.
Yesterday it was rumored on the
street that the California Commission
ers to St. Louis had, since the meeting
of the Board of Regents of the State
University, also turned down an appli
cation for an appropriation of $5000.
This on investigation was found to be
true. In Berkeley, where the corre
spondence that has passed is kept on
file, it was learned' that President
Wheeler wrote to the Commissioners
and in his letter gave information that
the commission was the only source
through which money might be pro
cured for the much desired university
show at St. Louis. As soon as possible
thereafter an answer, signed by Com
missioner J. A. Filcher, was received
from the California Commissioners.
In his letter Commissioner Filcher
said that he was compelled to deny the
university's request, although person
ally he desired that the work of the
great institution of learning should be
placed in evidence, at St. Louis before
the millions of spectators that will be
in attendance during the exposition
season. But— and the denial hinged on
that "but"— the money that was ap
propriated by the State, amounting to
$130,000, was all apportioned, and there
was no chance for any revision.
COMMISSIONERS REFUSE.
Graduates of the. University of Cali
fornia may take concerted action to
provide,' the necessary funds to have
the University, of .California represent
ed adequately aiNthe St. Louis;Exposi
tion. Such is the ; talk about 'the Uni
versity Club, and a movement to help
the university may take form directly
in that quarter. .There are thousands
of .students that owe their education
and success to the State institution at
Berkeley. They are chagrined at the
present attitude the university, by
force of circumstances, is compelled to
occupy: J A petition to the authorities
having in charge the • distribution of
university space in the Education
building at St. Louis met with a favor
able response after some time and la
bor^ had. been devoted to deliberation
at St. Louis. A corner has been set
apart inthe Education building for the
University of California, and the uni
versity has accepted the offer of the
location assigned. .
Now the university has no money
with which to provide an exhibit. The
Board of Regents of the university re
cently denied an application for an ap
propriation of 55000 to provide for get
ting up the university exhibit. The
reason given was that the large short
age in the university funds occasioned
by the defalcation of Secretary Mc-
Kowen had left the institution without
ready money to pay for anything ex
cept absolutely unavoidable expenses.
Tl. G. Dun & Co.'s Weekly Review of
Trade to-morrow will say: Weather
conditions have furnished the chief in
fluences in the general trade situation.
To some extent traffic has been hin
dered, especially at the Kast, but the
latest returns of railway earnings for
January show an increase of 4.9 per
tent over 1903. Wholesale business is
fairly active, traveling salesmen send
ing in about average orders, and jobbing
trade is normal. Manufacturing plants
are more active, with little change in
quotations, and the outlook for spring
trade is considered favorable. Collec
tions are somewhat more prompt.
Leading staples have risen to new
maximum prices for the crop year.
Iron and steel plants that resumed at
the turn of the year have obtained
sufficient business to continue oper
ating and thus far the adjustment of
wages has not produced the threatened
strike. Increased activity and strength
is reported in the domestic hide market.
Failures this week numbered 358 in
the United States, against 265 last year,
and 33 in Canada, compared with 27
a year ago.
Wheat, including: flour, exports for
the week ending January 21 aggregate,
r.23?.lo2 bushels, against 2,771.210 last
nreCk and S,-3S,737 this week last year.
Business failures in the Unite*! States
numbered 2CC, against 315 last week and
253 in the like week in lf«03. In Canada
the failures Dumber 25, against 39 last
week and 22 last year.
The Iron trace is irregular as a whole
and variously regarded, optimistically
or the reverse, according as the point
cf view shifts from crude to finished
jroducts or the obverse is located Kast
or West. Among the other metals **op
per and. tin are lower, while lead is
higher. Lumber and building materials
arc naturally rather up at present,
¦when outdoor work is at a minimum,
ln:t the outlook for spring is regarded
as promising.
NEW TOIUC Jan. 22. — Bradstreet's
to-morrow vill say: Confidence in a
prosperous spring trade flrrds support
in an enlarging volume of business at
Southern a:vJ Southwestern markets,
an awakening of interest at some
Northwestern centers and growth even
at Central-Western and Eastern mar-
Vets, -where, however, weather condi
tions are a drawback to the fullest ca
pacity.
Committee Will Continue the
Hearings for the* Consid
. eration of Legislation
Manufacturing Plants Show a
Greater Activity and the Col
lections Arc Reported Prompt
Graduates That Shared Benefits
of Institution at Berkeley
3Iay Come to Alma Mater's Aid
Total Receipts for Parnassus
•Properties Brought UndeE
Hammer in Excess of $75,000
At present the plant for treating the pro
duct consists of two mills equipped with
twenty and forty stamps respectively. Those
used In the latter, however, are not consid
ered heavy enough for the .work required, and
the foundation is being made to move this
mill back on a line with the smaller one and
install a like number of, batteries of a ma
terially heavier character. All this work . is
being pushed ag rapidly as possible and the
Keystone will soon be one of the model mines
of the mother lode.----.
The "Wildman-Mahoney property, at
Sutter Creek, is reported likely • to re
sume soon.
NEW POINT OF VIEW.
The Mother Lode Banner editorially
says: \
He who has gold to se|l may not add one iota
U- Us value to get even on increased expenses,
nor can he cut his price in an effort -. to ' de
stroy competition. The price of gold; is abso
lutely fixed ami all calculations must stand on
this figure, therefore every increase , in ; cost of
production comes out: of the profits. In gold
mining tho , percentage of dividend payers is
email and if none but paying mines .were
worked thousands of miners would ; be ' com
pelled to turn to other , branches of industry.
Investors in sold mlnlnK . expend thousands of
dollars in machinery and labor,, all on a pros
pect of future returns, and miners,- ' by op
pressive demands, may embarrass managers
' The mines that are combined are the Pioncer-
Iilaclc Oak 'group, tiow< embracing ten claims
and eighty acres of timber; land; the Trinity
Consolidated, with ten-stamp mill and equip
ment—this property embraces six claims; the
Bacchus mine of two claims; the: Laconla.
comprising three claims, and the - RICkard
with .'. tw<j claims. The" Delta mine, with two
claims and- a two-stamp mill, and several
claims - belonging to Messrs. Sanderg and
Hveem» will sin all probability be included
when' the' titles have been perfected. In all,
over tftlrty claims are embraced in the con
solidation and nearly CCOO feet of work has
been pi-formed on eight or ten parallel veins.
The most extensive work has been done on
the Pioneer- Black Oak mine. _ »
Amador City is thriving. / The Key
stone mine is^ reported to be the lead
ing cause. A large amount of ore has
been blocked out and the mine plant
will be remodeled. Something has been
done in this line. The*' Amador Ledger
reports that the skips have been re
placed with appliances of larger capa
city.. New receivers for compressed air
will be. Installed. A new pump, able to
lift 70,000 gallons every nine hours,
has been added. Continuing, the Ledger
says:
. The Redding Free Press reports that
the. mining 1 district' west 'of "Djelta is
about to be developed largely. All the
properties o,f the "South, Fork, so M. E.
Ditmar tells the Free- Press, have been
consolidated in one ' ownership. The
Press says: V. ''.''.
LARGE CONSOLIDATIONS
If at the annual meeting the stockholders
do rot arrange to settle the bills the lien
holders will immediately proceed to foreclose.
Mr. Baldwin granted an extension of time
for the company to pay the balance due on
the Potosi-Orleans. This property and the
Federal Loan are operated by a different cor
poration from that of the Gold Tunnel, al
though many of the same people are Interested
in all three. The Orleans and Federal I-ioan
claims will be settled by next Wednesday,
states Mr. Vick, and the company will then
proceed to resume operations at both mines.
The debts against the Erie mine near Granlte
ville are comparattvejy small .and those who
have money coming will - undoubtedly receive
what As due tlienv'as most' of the bills were
settled about a month ago. •;' •' • % .
In addition to the above sections good quartz
properties are found on Eastmans Gulch. Junc
tion City, Indian Creek, Hay Fork and Hyam
jiom, tlie steady development of which Is show
ing up large bodies of dividend paying ore.
As an illustration of our older and productive
mines we will take the Enterprise mine on
the East Fork of the North Fork. The mine
consists of thirteen full claims containing 323
acres of mineral and timber land, with ample
water power appurtenant to run 100 stamps
for the greater portion of the year. From.thls
property over $500,000 has been taken in 'the
past, notwithstanding the fact that the ealier
owners were hampered by lack of capital to
properly open up and work the mine. As yet
the main work has been done on the Enter
prise and I^one Jack claims, leaving the other
eleven practically virgin territory.
In conclusion the assertion is' made
by the Journal that Trinity County
has produced $200,000,000 in minerals,
and that far greater values are in the
ledges and soil than, have been taken
out, concluding with > the following
statement: "The county contains more
than. 100,000 acres of .mineral land bear
ing ground, a large portion of which is
unprospected." /
According to the Grass Valley Union,
the affairs of the Gold Tunnel mine are
unsettled. The Union says that it is
probable that the claims against the
Pc-tosi-Orleans and Federal Loan mines
will be paid soon, while the Gold Tun
nel claims are doubtful. A meeting
recently was held and, according to
the Union, Mr. Vick, who represented
thp Eastern stockholders, asked the
miners not to press their liens until
after the 26th inst., when a meeting of
the stockholders will be held in New
York. While the matter is left open
the duiuds at the Gold Tunnel mine
will be kept running. Continuing, the
Union savs:
SOME OTHER MIXES.
The quartz mines of the county follow the
Trinity River from it? head nnd that of its
tributaries to its mouth. The whole water
shed of the river is traversed with paying
ledges and ribbed with auriferous quartz. The
ore lor the in</st part is free milling, with
Concentrates easily reduced, and differs, in
the widely distributed mining: camps, chici.y
in eold vulues i>er ton.
At the head of Coffee Creek the Dorleska
produces betweon $20,nOO and ?.J0.000 a month.
The Yellow Kose of Texas adjoining carries
one of the largest, richest and best denned
ore bodies in the State. At Minersville the
Fair View, thoroughly equipped. Is steadily
crushing rich rock and yielding handsome re
turns. At Carrville the Strode has yielded sev
eral hundred thousand dollars and is atill
working the same pay chute.
At liullychcop the Bullychoop mines are
equipped with mills and a gravity tramway
and carry an Immense ore body. They are
worked at a lfcinimuin of expense and return
handsome profits to the company.
At Deadv.ood the Brown Bear group has
yielded over $10,000,000 and has years of use
fulness bofore it. The J^appln mine adjoining
has shown up a hp.ndsome body of ere.
On the East Fcrk of the North Fork of the
Trinity the Enterprise group of mines, with a
record of an output of over $500,000. and the
Yellowstone *roup. with its splendid record
us a producer, sland first. On the mineral
ised belt between Kast Fork and New River
Br« Golden Chest. Bob's Farm and Schwartz
mines, carrying high values.
At the latter place the Toushnut has yielded
many thousand <lollavs and its crushing ca
pacity !.<= hoir.g stendily' increased.
T):» Sherwood adjoining has yielded hand
somely during tho past season. On" Cannon
Crerk the Chloride-Bailey, with thirty claims
r.iuipped with every scientific appliance, in
cluding- two mills dropping thirty stamps and
a chlorfnation plant. Is second in reputation
only to the Brown Bear. The Globe adjoining:,
thoroughly equipped, ranks as one of the best
mines In the State. In their vicinity the de
velopment work on the Mason & Thayer group
and th? Ralston -nines have proven these prop
erties of merit.-
Much attention has been attracted
to the mining interests of Trinity
County by some Judicious publications
of facts. The mining counties t are
awakenins to the idea that, no matter
how good their mines are, it is neces
sary to call attention to them that
outsiders with capital to invest may
be interested. The Trinity Journal has
performed a good service for the ec-un
ty in which it thrives by giving, in
connection with <a history of Trinity
mining, certain informaton that is of
interest. Among the leading statements
are the following:
FAILURES NOT DEPRESSING
REQUEST IS TURNED 'DOWN
BIDDING IS VERY LIVELY
OVER 933,000,000 OX HAND
Reason Assigned Is That
Large Part of Last Year's
Appropriation^* Is Unused
Southern and Southwestern
Markets Support Confidence
in All Commercial Lines
More Than Half Hundred Par
cels Find Heady- Purchasers
at Figures of Good Size
University of California Applies
in New Quarter for Exhibi
tion Funds and fleets Rebuff
Properties on Coffee Creek, on the Mineralized
Belt, Between East Fork and New River, and
Those of Other Sections Receive Much Notice
SIGNS PROMISE
LIVELY TRADE
HARBOR BILLS
HAVE TO WAIT
SECOND CHECK
STIRS COLLEGE
HEIGHTS LOTS
ARE WELL SOLD
TRINITY COUNTY'S PROSPEROUS
MINES MAKE EXCELLENT SHOWING
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23,; 1904;
4
: ¦ '¦ - _ ' ¦ : ¦ ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. '^
©9o©©©0©©eo©©®©eoo«o»©o»©»«o#©o©©®9©®co©©©®oo«©oooooooooooe«oooo©ooo
! Life Insurance in California for 19031
• — — — ¦ — — — — *- — : ; ¦ — — 5
• /^i ¦¦¦¦¦..¦•.." t* T 4 « . . . NEW POLICIES WRITTEN. X
Of (\X\tL0Y\T\\\XI O I P1f1C (11 « ' COMPANY— no. Amount. Premium. J*
§ LUlloClVd IIVC JwCdUO 111 i Conservative 4fO 82 $7,086,843 $382,865 •
9- '•¦'•- l ¦'¦' . . w t 2 g ew . Y J°, rk - 4,031 7,524,348 3414705
2 I >ilf(-A1»fl*'i t*\ T*+i>tr\444tYie 3 ............ 3,728 8,445.434 '339.014 5
• LdlllOrilld 111 rrcIIllUniS 4 Metropolitan. Industrial. 43,458 8.66*765 22..6a4 S
g , S Pacific Mutual, including " Q
I on New Business. || | aES^E §. S iS|
O '• . 8 'Penn Mutual 1,163 2,698,307 06,7878
• " ~ — 1 9 Aetna... 969 1,871,000 72.563©
• ¦;. .*?». W>v .a >v y an lo Metropolitan. Ordinary ... 2,721 2,272.^47 66,7^7 A
2 kP^O^'O/-p 11 Prudential 641 1,264,700 6.u^8 •
© -C /& / /^B%^% I2 '^ cw England Mutual..*.. 646 1,200,000 50.170 0
S Jl*l/ 1 / I iIBaI I3 Mutual Benefit ." 489 1,199,100 49,201 ©
O %lJQJ\*Jmlto\J\j%J ¦' I4 Provident Life and Trust. 442 818,878 42.082 2
• • ¦ . 7 ¦ 15 Union Mutual 495 684,706 31.014 2
• — — ; ! — — . 1 16 Germania . 332 562,000 28,570 2
• , . •• ["-¦'. t. r . 17 Fidelity. Mutual...... 352 8iq,5so 26.301 '#
% it. '•! l l8 Home .........".... 292 686,500 26.200 0
• §40,000 more than its nearest com- 19 Manhattan 197 513,000 21,607 •
a /..' 1.1 . .i '; -r 20 National .....*............ 260 576,000 2V108 •
5 petitofy which is the average cost of a 21 Washincton .....:....... 220 438,800 2 b!o4o •
O «11« 1 • • 22 Union Central.......... .. 209 618,716 i8o-»6 2
5 million of insurance. 23 Massachusetts Mutual.... 194 411,250 UQ04 2
2 ~ x C\ TD 1« '¦•¦¦¦'¦•-¦ L . ±L t - 2 4 t'Phoenix' Mutual.. ........ 170 112^00 12V10 2
• Uur Policies are What the people 25 Provident Savings.. 66 « 222!ooo laioio 2
S - x ¦• '•¦¦¦j 1* r « «i 26 Travelers «.v. ............. 125 ''^'ooo' o's<5 ©
•want, and therefore our agents are the 27 Connecticut Mutual....... 102 - Hi •
• most Successful. ' ,.' Minnesota Mutual _3i 78,602 2^ •
• '.I'. :\.. -...;.../- v / : '-.-.„;, ,.' TotalsT.t... 73,845 $60,980,304 $2^57,334 2
••••••••••••^^•••^•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••^•••••••••••••t«t«s
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Introducing a Good Tiling
Is one way of presenting our claim* to
vour patronage in the laundry line. Our
claim on your attention is this: \V e
wash, starch and iron linen and other
washables properly and well; we call for
and deliver your orders; we give prompt
and polite service; our prices are fair.
We bespeak a share of your trade.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
orrzex 1004 mabscet btujbet.
N«ar Powell.
Phone Private Exchange 87.
_ AMI ,. a . Cared to STAY CURED. C»n»
R OallBfi n "moved. H«:«hr«torKl. A>-
|]\ ] U H/3 II t«ck»n«*err.turD. i:»th«*rt:l7
H 89 I II If I H »!"P»!'nigrht. do »r,.Tth!nc. Z»
fi W I I I II I II uirwlwn. No farther n~d »t
m»d;cin«. Book 60 FREE. JWnety pjjrjj. »ll»bo««
Asthma *ad U»/ i'trer. P. Harola Hayes. SuSilo, N. X.
OCEAN IEAVEL
St«am«r» leare San Fran-
>«\SLXri\ elsoo as follows:
/^^^>lf\ For Ketchikan. Wrangel,
[ 9 ' / jhm mi x<p ?| Juneau. Haines. Skaguay.
I a /v^3*\ 1 «c Alaska— U a. m. Jan.
I I VBSa) / 26. 31. Feb. 3. Change la
\iik Xv^ro/ company's steamers at S«-
V^O' yty attle.
\«}jjrfW/ For Victoria. Vancouver.
r port Town3 end. Seattle. Ta-
corca. Everett. Whatcom— tl a. m. Jan. 2ft. i.1.
Feb. 5. Change at Seattle to this company •
steamers for Alaska and O. N. R>'.: at
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C.
P F?r'Kureka fHumboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1 :"!O
p. m. Jan. 23. 29, Feb. 4; Corona. 1:» p. m.
Ja For 2 llof e AnRel«>s (via Port Los Angles and
Redondo). San Diego ana Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays'. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz Mon-
terey Pan Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (saa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme:
Coos Bay. » a. m.. Jan. 2S. Feb. 5.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Jan. 24. Feb. 1
I For Ensenada. Mafcrtalena Bay. ban Jose del
' Cafco. Ma/atlan, Altata. I^a Paz. Santa Ri>-
«a!ia. Quayma3 (Mes.). 10 a. m.. Tth of each
month.
i For further Information obtain folder.
i Rlsht is reserved to change steamers or sail-
I infc dates.
TICKET OTPICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street ana
Broadway wharves.
Freight offke. 10 Market street.
C D. DLNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. STan Francisco.
O. K. « N. CO.
Oregon sails Jan. 2S. Feb. 7. IT. 27. March
9, 19 and 2». S. S. Oregon is temporarily in
service Instead of the Columbia. George W.
Elder sails Jan. 23,' Feb. 2. 12, 22. March 4.
14 and 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND, OR., and short rail line from Tortland
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot cf Spear st. at
11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. A«tt. p3ss. Dept..
1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery sf.
AMEllICASr X.X2TB.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 'j:Ji> a. in.
Philadelphia ...Jan. aciNew York Feb. 13
St. Loois Fefc 6|SU Paut..v .Feb.'JO
ATI.A.KTTIC TBANSFOBT LINE.
New York — Loadoa Direct.
MARQU ETTE JAN. Oil— «:f!rt AM
MINNEHAHA FEB. 8— 0:0O A\f
MINNEAPOLIS FEB. 13— 3:00 PM
MESABA FEB. 20—9:00 AiX
Only First-Class Passengers carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Portland^Uvexpool — Short sea pas^ag".
Canada Feb. cjCanada Mar. 12
Dominion Feb. 271 Vancouver ....Mar. 28
HOUiAiro-AMTIBICA X.Z3VS.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12,500 Tons.
Now Tork — Rotterdam. Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesday at In a. m.
Rotterdam Feb. 2|Statendam F*b. 23
•Sloterdyk Feb. 16|tAmsterdam . . . Mar. I
tSteerage only. 'Freight only.
EED STAB UNE.
New Tork— Antwerp— Paris.
Zeel'd.Jan.30, 10:30 ami Vdrld. Feb.!.:, 10:30 am
Flnrd.Feb. 6. 10:30 am:KrnId.Feb.2O, 10:30 am
WHITE STAB LINE.
New Tork — Querastown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Cedric Jan. 27. noon Celtic Feb. 17. 6 «n»
Majestic. Feb. 3. 10 am Cedric. ..Feb. 24 11 an*
Oceanic.. Feb. 10, 1 pmi Majestic. Mar. 2. 10 ara
Boston — Quaenstowa — Liverpool.
Cretic Feb. 4, March 3. March 31
Cymric 5. ..Feb. 18. March 17
BOSTON MEDITERRANEAN SERVICE.
Azores. Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
CANOPIC... Jan. 30. Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 2tf
ROMANIC Feb. 27. April 9
CL D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
mf l^tff* «¦«€» TO THli TlL
|Kf>t£jE&s. nxPitiLLts. GExooJi j
CANOPIC i ....Jan. 30. Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 2«
ROMANIC Feb. 27. Apl. ft. May 14
(Send for rates and illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest In the
Mediterranean services
First class. $65 upward.
Boston to Liverpool q^^
CRETIC Feb. 4, Mar. 3. Mar. 31
CYMRIC F"eb> 1». Mar. 17. Apl. 14
First class? $60 and $65 upward, accord-
ing to steamer. For plans, etc.. address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-S1 State st.
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers »^1 leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at lap. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hiogo), Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong with steamers for India, etc. So cargo
received on board on day of sailing.
8. 8. AMERICA MARU
Monday January 25. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
OceaDics.s.co.a,'° A »;;.»
r S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 30. 11 a.m.
S* S MARIPO9A, for Tahiti. Feb. 11. It a. m.
S* 8. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samca. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Feb. 11. 2 p. m.
u. jmnfiu H3S.C3., iHL.ittitoi&i,n3 lamm
WtlSa.113 BvUtSUPkrla. l.tiokli
* C0MPA5NIS GEJ»2^AL-3 TUKaATLlNTI^I.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAJU3. JT«^
Sailing every Thursday in-<tea,l of «aJ3*<)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ¦^*^«-
Xorth River, fcot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
1 CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York- J. K. FUQAZX * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and VaUaJo steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO —
9:45 a. m., 3:13 ami K:3O p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. H:3O p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1™« P'»r 2. Mbsloa-st. dock. HATCH
BROa.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
m Sua flkS fNBjj HP*^^^ TffTfc'W X% rfd? m\"WT^ W^Tt Fa
J*^ y<*A. v3i Sfi XPIS^^ £i3 t&^**^^^^^^ " Sm*f H«Sk 53
has a fine aromatic odor because v it's made of the choicest u
I materials that can be had— it cures because it's made of the 1 "
right material. Just smcli one, that's all you have to do to I
compare it jvith all other plasters. Your sense of smell |l
1; REMEMBER -.< r .'fs\V« rUMtrt are good (or all pains and aches. They have 1
been ia «sc j.5 ycarr, hive been imitated njore than any article ever to'.d and have made M
I ir.crc circs th;n ?.ny other ertrrnaJ rctneily. They are guaranteed not to contain be! la- H
1 donna, opiom or any poison whatever. They are made of healing, vegetable gums which jjjMother-^WIllie, you must stop asking
your papa questions. Don't . you see
they annoy, him ?, ;'/'-' .
.Willie— No, ma'am; it ain't my ques
tions! that annoy him.
Mother— Willie! .:'
¦- .Willie— No. ma'am; it's the answers
he can't .give; that make him mad.—
Philadelphia ;Pressl.- > V Vv.H
Gas fcoators. formerly $4.50. now 51.50
pt San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, 41o Post street. •¦
LOS A*NGELES, Jan. 22.— Two Mexi
can laborers engaged in a fight at In
glewood this afternoon, and one of
them was stabbed and killed. A Deputy
Sheriff has captured a Cholo whom he
believes to be the murderer. The names
of the men cannot be learned.
Fatal Quarrel Between Itfexlcans.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 22.
L. P% Brua was to-day elected presi
dent of the senior class of Stanford
University for the coming semester.
Brua is an engineering major and a
prominent man In university circles.
The defeated candidate was 33. A.
Rlttenhouse. The presidency of the
senior class is one of the highest hon
ors that can be given a man at Stan
ford. He has charge of senior week,
at which time the college is given over
to the upper class festivities.
Stanford Seniors Elect President.
Mrs. Antrim's story was corroborated
by n'iphbors and relatives familiar
with iho facts. It was brought out
that because of her husband's constant
drunkenness F he had frequently to go to
the home of h"r relatives to get cnousrh
to eat.
FRESNO, j an . 22.-Dora B. Antrim
was to-day granted a divorce from
John W. Antrim because of his abnor
mal thli-Ft for raw alcohol. Antrim
drank from 25 to 50 cents' worth of the
raw liquid fvery day and It made him
crazy. While under the influence of
the stuff his home was a perfect bed
Jam. Often th^re would be no food in
ihe house, but he always managed to
rafs« money to buy his alcohol/ Once
when their baby was sick Mrs. An
trim entrusted him with money to buy
mi!k for it, but instead he bought alco
hol.
Fresno Resident Daily Drinks Large
QunntitJe* of the Liquid and His
Wife Secures a Divorce.
POSSESSES AX ABNORMAL
THIRST FOR RAW ALCOHOL
VENTURA, Jan. 22.— Harry Radford,
the missing boy in the mountains, has
not been found. Pine Mountain Reser
vation rangers, under Sheriff Slosson,
started out this morning for Willett's
place to make a systematic search of
the mountain ridges. Radford is a
member of the Oxnard lodge, Fraternal
Brotherhood, and the members are or
ganizing searching parties, one of
which will leave Oxnard this afternoon.
Mrs. Radford, mother* of the young
man, Is In a serious condition as a re
sult of his disappearance. II. C. Rad
ford, the father, is in the butcher busi
ness at Dawson, Alaska.
No Trace Found of Missing Boy.
Until quite recently one of the
smallest and most woeful of the hulks
at Bonny was all that was left of a
vessel which in her prime was one of
the most popular ships sailing from
New York in the trans-Atlantic trade.
She was the old Adriatic of the Col
lins line. . .' • •
The Adriatic was for years very
popular with passengers as- one of the
best and most comfortable boats on
the line, and many a traveler would
book no other .vessel, preferring to
wait until the sailing day of the Adri
atic came' around. After the service
was withdrawn the Adriatic became
one of a new line of vessels, with-Gal
ivay,: Ireland,' as the home port.
This venture was not successful, and
after the Adriatic had been laid up at
Birkenhead for a number of years and
was about to be knocked to pieces for
old iron, she- was finally bought for a
song and taken to Bonny as one of the
storage hulks^for the? African Steam
ship .Company of London. '
The/day^ came at last when the old
vessel was ; worthless 'even 'for storage
purposes.* She would scarcely hang to
getherv'and the work - of pumping her
out had become, too arduous; so (She
was towed up the river a; little. way,'
her'nose was poked into a swamp and
there she was left to fall; to pieces at
her >leisure.-—New; York Sun.
In the deck-houses are the quarters
of the agents of European trading
companies which barter goods with
the natives tor these articles. When
steamers come into the ports they tie
up to the hulks and load with the ac
cumulated freight.
One of the most important of these
ports is .Bonny, on a branch of the
Niger delta. It has long been devoted
to legitimate trade, but was once the
most frequented station of the slavers.
As many as 320,000 captives were sold
in the market of Bonny in the first
twenty years of the nineteenth cen
tury, , Bonny is to-day one - of the
greatest markets for palm oil, and 20,
000 tons are'sometimes shipped to Eu
rope in a year.
Worn out and dilapidated, their
years of sea service ended, they are
moored near the- mouths of rivers, in
side the bar, and take the places of
warehouses. The palm oil, palm ker
nels, groundnuts, rubber, ivory and
other commodities • which those re
gions have to sell are stored on board
these old vessels.
. If you were to visit some of the
ports on. the coast of West Africa
which are not yet provided with docks
and other facilities for shipping, you
would \ see the hulks of many steam
ers, some of them formerly7 well
known -in New York harbor, that in
the day of their decline are playing a
very humble role.
West Coast of Africa a Boneyard
for Ships That Were Famous
¦ in Their Day.
HUMBLE SERVICE FOR
WORN OUT SEA CRAFT
England'* Bnb'Tes.
The British Board of Works report
for 1902, which is just out, is a strik
ing commentary on the ease with
which bubble "companies are floated
in that country. During last year 1629
companies became insolvent. Involving
an aggregate capital of $323,353,770.
The figures for the past ten years
amount to $2,803,259,315. The loss on
this is placed at $1,912.768.495. — New
York Commercial Advertiser.
Former Senator Johnston Critically 111.
SACRAMENTO Jan. 22.— Former
State Senator William Johnston, a
prominent - and wealthy fruit grower,
is critically ill at his country seat on
the Sacramento River near Courtland,
fifteen miles below this city. He has
suffered 'three strokes of paralysis.
Mrs. -Allies Is Unable to Give Bond.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 22. — Deputy
United States Marshal- Proebstel re
turned , this : morning from Marshfleld,
having In- custody ¦ Mrs. : C. H. Ames,
who, failing. to give - the $500 . bond re
quired at 1 her hearing at Marshfield,
will have to -appear before* the United
States Grand .Jury at San Francisco
for contempt, having ignored a subpena
from that body. She will also appear as
prosecuting witness in the case of the
United . States:. vs. 'Davis. Mrs. Ames
is in a sickly condition: Her case will
be brought before Judge Bellinger to
morrow; so that a writ- of removal may
be Issued, in order. to" take her to San
Francisco at once. - k.i'i^'s
*NAPA, Jan. 22.— Graders at work on the
Benlcia. Vallejo and Xapa Valley Railroad
have reached the Klve Mile Houate, Just below
Napa Junction, and wltMn a day or two
will move their camp from Vallejo to Soscol,
eo a» to be nearer the scene of operations.
Canada's only arsenal is at Quebec.
Her main arteries run close to our fron
tier, and In case of war could easily
be cut by raids, says a British colonel.
Vienna is - to have a- lupus hospital
which will provide accommodation for
the treatment of a hundred patients.
he is confident that Congress will In
time provide for these. Regarding his
stay in this city he stated that it would
be a short one, and that he would re
turn to the north without * making a
trip to the East. The Territorial build
ing at St. Louis will be completed about
April 1, by which time the Alaskan ex
hibit will be read jv to -be»f placed in, po
sition. . - .
GOVERNOR OF ALASKA,
WHO IS NOW IN SAN
FRANCISCO.
\ ¦ '
Oxnard in the Senatorial Fight.
' VENTURA, Jan. 22.— Colonel J. A.
Driffil, manager of the American ¦ Beet
Sugar Company factory at Oxnard. an
nounced to The Call correspondent by
telephone this afternoon that he is a
candidate for the Assembly, subject to
the indorsement of the Republican
County Convention. Driffil is out in the
Interest of Henry T. Oxnard, the sugar
magnate, who claims the town of Ox
nard as his place of residence. Drif
fll's candidacy is taken to mean that
Oxnard is a candidate for the United
States Senate. H. K. Snow of El RiG is
I also an announced candidate for the
l Assembly.
WOODBURN, Or.. Jan. 22.— While
scouting around Thursday night In
search of the men who robbed Austin
& Finzer's store in this city. Marshal
Beach came across two hoboes en
camped a mile southeast of Woodburn.
They had just exchanged their old
clothing for new suits, which the Mar
shal recognized as part of the stolen
goods.
At first the thieves mistook the officer
for tho farmer who owned the place,
but when he attempted to place them
under arrest they attacked him, threw
him down, took his revolver away and
were choking him when the approach
of a rancher caused them to desist and
hurry off. The Marshal made a stub
born fight while on his "bacHc, kicking
one of his assailants several times and
leaving finger-nail marks on the face
of the other, who was on top and chok
ing him. When the news of the as
sault reached this city an armed posse
was organized and started in search of
the thieves, but they could not be found
on account of the darkness, and this
morning the Marshal, notwithstanding
that he was badly used up, started forth
with a new posse, word having been
brought in by children that the robbers
had been seen east of here.
When He Tries to Arrest Two
Hoboes Who Robbed Store.
Oregon Officer Is Roughly Handled
ARMED CITIZENS PURSUE
. TRAMPS WHO BEAT MARSHAL
PENDLETON, Or., Jan. 22. — The
failure of C. B. Wade, formerly cash
ier of the First National Bank, whose
liabilities are some $500,000. is taking
on a sensational form. Creditors have*"
petitioned; the Federal Court at Port
land to declare Wade a bankrupt. On
the arrival! of a deputy marshal here
to serve; the papers Mrs. Wade, for
merly president of the Federation of
Women's Clubs, announced that her
husband [would leave at once for Eu
rope in search of health. In view of
recent disclosures it would seem that
this trip .may also obviate Wade's ar
rest on serious charges.
Wade .was administrator of a num
ber of estates and $14,036 is said to
be missing from that of Charles Craig,
deceased. Twenty widows and orphans
are pressing for an accounting- of
funds aggregating $65,000, which
Wade held, as trustee. An illiterate
stockman thought he had $50,000 on
deposit, but finds that the bank's books
show him' owing the bank $7000 on a
note which: he says he never signed.
All these things have turned the tide
of public , feeling strongly against
Wade, who at first was believed to
have erred only in judgment.
Charges Are Made That Estates of
Which He was Administrator Are
in a Muddled Condition.
FAILURE OF BANKER WADE
IS TAKING A SERIOUS TURN
"I have always contended and have
long worked toward proving the claim
that Alaska can produce almost any
thing if the proper farming methods
are applied. At my place In Sitka we
raise all kinds of vegetables, and this
year we enjoyed a splendid crop of
potatoes, of which I think I gathered
nearly 300 bushels. Farther north you
find rich lands for grazing purposes,
and under proper treatment I am cer
tain that all kinds of vegetation can
be cultivated.
"On ¦ the ¦ Seward peninsula there are
large areas where grass grows In re
markable abundance. Strangely, while
this is yearly going to waste we are
importing hundreds of tons of meat for
consumption among the people of the
Territory.
"Alaska Is a great expanse of land,
rich in varied resources but-lacking. In
population. If we can convince .people
that we are able to produce necessary
commodities for general consumpt : cn
we will have no trouble in populating
the Territory and. building up a gov
ernment that ;the United ' States may
be rightfully proud of."
The- Governor stated that better
roads are needed in the Territory." but
Governor Brady is enthusiastic over
the agricultural display the Territory
expects to make at the exposition. He
is an experienced fttrmer and during
his many years' residence in Alaska
has made a close study of the agricul
tural possibilities of that country, and
expresses great confidence in its future
ability to produce its own hay and
grain and ample quantities of vege
tables for consumption throughout the
entire Territory. He rejects - with : a
grea't deal of earnestness the conten
tions made by the Senatorial Commis
sion, that recently visited the Terri
tory, that its soil is not adaptive to ag
ricultural purposes.
"To me nothing in Alaska appears
more promising than the agricultural
possibilities, " said the Governor, "and
I think I have a right to differ with
the Senators, for I know more about
the country. They did not pay a visit
to the valleys of the Copper River, the
Tanana and the Kus-Ko-Kv.'lm, nor
penetrate the Kenai nor the Seward
peninsulas, where agricultural possi
bilities have been demonstrated by va
rious methods of farming. We hope
to show our agricultural products . to
advantage. Our exhibit will include
grain, fruits, -berries of a native qual
ity, beets, turnips and cauliflowers
MORE POPULATION" NEEDED.
AGRICULTURAL PROSPECTS.
"I regret to say that we are some
what behind in our display of furs and
fishes — a. fact that may, in a measure,
be attributed to differences that arose
over the question of commissionerships
for these particular departments, but
the matter has finally been straight
ened out and we hope to Improve these
displays. While in Seattle I conferred
with a^ number of the representatives
of the concerns that are engaged in
fishing in Alaskan waters and received
from them assurance of assistance in
making the fish exhibit a good one.
Most of last year's furs have already
been shipped to London, and it is pos
sible that those that are being taken
now may arrive at the exposition a lit
tle late."
John G. Brady, Governor of the Ter
ritory of Alaska, arrived from the north
yesterday and is registered at the Pal
ace Hotel. He has come south to con
fer with Mrs. Mary E. Hart of Nome,
who has been appointed lady, manager
of the Alaskan exhibit at the St. Louis
Exposition, and who, as secretary of
the Alaskan Academy of Sciences, has
done much toward aiding the territo
rial residents in perfecting their plans
for a representative display.
"I am satisfied that Alaska will make
a very creditable display at St. Louis,"
remarked Governor Brady. "We. have
a notable mineral collection to exhibit.
It is being prepared by J. G. r^avis of
Juneau, and will include, in addition
to a care- full j' selected lot* of ores, an
interesting model of ! the famotfs.
Treadwell mine, showing the interior
workings of that property, especially
its excavations up to the present time.
"Our wonderful copper and tin de-'
posits and anthracite coals and the
products of our rapidly developing oil
districts will also be represented in
Alaska's exhibit in a manner that is
bound to attract attention. We have
already shipped a large quantity of
ore specimens in boxes to St. Louis,
and our agents are now collecting
quartz .samples from Prince of Wales
Island.
• HAKEi: CITY, Or.. Jan. 22.—Pleas
•ant Armstrong, who murdered Minnie
Knsmingcr near llaines, in this roumy,
on Christinas morning, 1902. was exe
cuted in the jail yard here this morn
1 ins. His r.«?ck was broken by the fall.
'3"he execution was perfect as to de
¦ tail. Armstrong maintained his iron
nerve until the last. He made a brief
fd'lrr'ss to the assembled crowd, say
ing that he was sorry for his crime,
¦but that he v.-as to meet his
victim.
• At the close of his address Arm-
Ftrong knelt and received the last
sacrament cf the Catholic church, ad
-rrinistered by Father Olivetti, his con
tesscr.
The crime for which Armstrong; was
rxecutcd vas the murder of Minnie
Krisming^r at the ranch of her^brother
(n-t&w, Joseph Henner, near Haines.
Or., on Christmas night, 1902. Miss
Unrminper had broken her engage
ment with Armstrong, who sought her j
life in revenge.
SHERIFF FOOLS LVNTHEHS.
At the conclusion of a dance, which
va« held at the ranch. Miss Ensminger,
in company with others of the party. |
started from the house to the barn- ]
yard. v. here the t earns had been left-.;
Armstrong was lying in trait, and when j
the girl rassed him ho dre'.v a re- |
- volver and shot her twice. He then;
turned th»» weapon upon himself and j
f red. the bullet grazing his forehead, j
Ftunninj? him temporarily. The male !
nieoihers of the party immediately j
prized Armstrong and prepared to j
. . lynch him. Tho Sheriff had in the
r?cantime been summoned and arrived
en th** scene l>ofore ihe lynching could
take place. Armstrong's captors were
persuaded to surrender their prisoner
under the plea that it would be wise to
defer hanging him until after the death j
•<.f Miss Ensmingrer. the Sheriff hold-!
ir.sr out hone that the young woman
would survive her injuries. Miss Ens
minger died the following morning.
Anr.strors was convicted of murder
in the first degree and sentenced to be
hanged the following May, under a law
then in existence, which provided that
hangings should be conducted by the j
* Sheriff of the county in which the
< rime was committed. A few days
} rior to the date set for the hanging a
new law w^nt into effect providing that
hangings should take j>l?jee at the
State penitentiary, under the* direction
of the Warden.
MAKES HARD FIGHT FOR LIFE.
After his conviction, Armstrong's at
torneys appealed the case in the Su
preme Court, and a stay of execution
: was granted, pending a determination
of the question involved, by that
tribunal. The Supreme Court affirmed
the cape and the date for the execution
¦was reret for January 22, 1001. Arm
strong's attorneys -immediately at
tacked th*» validity of the death war
- rant, contending that Armstrong was
u rider sentence to be hanged by an
• ¦flicial. who, under the new lav.-,* was
lacking authority, and appealed to th*
Supreme Court. Before the Supreme
<"urt could hoar the case, the Legisla
ture, In extraordinary session, amended
thr- new law so as to provide for the
hancing of condemned murderers pen
t*nced during the life of the old law.
Ab the date for ihe execution drew
n^ar Armstrongs attorneys applied for
nnd were refused a stay of execution by
• the Supreme Court. An appeal to the
Federal District Court on the same
grounds resulted in a ruling that as
it was only contended that the place
nnd executing officer had been changed
by the new law, the rights of the con
demned man had not in any way been
affected. The State Supreme Court, on
Thursday, rendered Its decision to the
effect that the death warrant was valid
and that the law should take its course.
It is announced that the loss to the
stockholders of the company by reason
of the failure will be in the neighbor
hood of $200,000. O. R. Stratton, a
prominent local capitalist, is said to
be the financial head of the concern,
but other local men are interested with
him. It is= also stated that the com
pany had been on the bear side of the
New York market for the last forty
days, during which time the average
rise in the price of stock in which they
were most heavily interested has been
IS -xiintF.
BAKKRSFIELD. Jan. 22.— The local
office of the Southern California Grain
and Stock Company in this city closed
its doors to-day as a result of the fail
ure of the corporation at Los Angeles.
The office was opened here a few
months ago and was in charge of B.
A. Young, and the company's wire run
ning between Fresno and Los Angeles
cut in. The company did some busi
ness here and kept open regularly until
to-'.lay. when the crash was reported.
Manager Younr Is In town, but has
had nothing to say regarding the fail
ure. The local employes admit the of
fice is not expected to be reopened and
they will leave for other points shortly.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 22.— The South
ern California Grain and Stock Com
pany of this city went into voluntary
liquidation this afternoon as a result
of the erratic action of certain stocks
on the New York stock market. The
amount of the failure is unknown, but
Manager F. P. Burch announced that
the assets will fully equal the liabili
ties and that the company will pay
dollar for de-liar. Burch assigns as the
reason for the failure Ihe "extraordi
nary activity of the New York stock
market,"
The company had its main offices in
the Stimpson building, this city, but
maintained fourteen branch offices in
various points throughout the southern
part of the State.
EUREKA, Jan. 22. — A daring holdup
occurred at Eugene Emerson's sa
loon, about a quarter of a mile outside
of Scotia,~ the headquarters of the Pa
cific Lumber Company. Two thugs,
with red handkerchiefs tied over their
faces and each carrying a revolver^
walked into, the saloon Wednesday'
night; and "lined up" twenty-five pa
trons of; the resort. While one of the
robbers covered the victims with his
revolver the other went through their
pockets. . About 5225 was secured from
them and 525 from the saloon till. To
insure their safe retreat, the robbers
compelled /the men to "bunch up," as
they termed it, and, with hands in the
air, precede them out of the saloon and
down the railroad track for a distance
of 100 yards. Then the victims were
halted and faced about and told to go
quietly up the track toward Scotia,
with the threat that if any of them
made an outcry or a false move bullets
would be sent speeding after them.
"You may.go your way and we will go
ours," said one of the robbers, and with
that the desperadoes and their victims
separated.
The Sheriff's office was notified and
Under Sheriff Terrill is working on the
case. . •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA, Jan. 22.— a' decision was
handed down to-day by.the "ocal court
awarding to the Eureka and Klam
ath Railway Company ¦ a verdict "in
its suit against the California Northern
Railway and its subsidiary lines. Plain
ly interpreted the decision is a victory
for E.;H. Harriman, H. E. Hunting
ton arid A. B. Hanimond over the Santa
Fe Railway with which they have been
fighting for a right of. way into the
town of. Eureka over a "portion of. the
tracks of what was formerly known
as the Eel River and Eureka Railway.
The case has been in the courts for
several years. Originally, according to
the claims set up by A. B. Hammond,
who owns and operates a big lumber
mill at" Samoa, ejtuated on the spit on
the west side of Humboldt Bay. he be
gan the construction , of a railroad
around. the bay shore with a view of
entering. ELureka/. .To effect an en
trance, to the town he obtained an
agreement from the owners of the Eel
River and Eureka road to use part of
their tracks. Later, when the Santa
Fe Company secured the Eel River and
Eureka road and it developed that
Harriman and Huntington were inter
ested with Hammond in Jils northern
enterprises, the Santa Fe sought to
shut out the apparent attempt of the
Harriman combine to get. into Eureka
by having the previous agreement de
clared void. Hammond promptly, car
ried the matter to the 'courts, where
the Question of privileges was thor
oughly argued by attorneys".
It was reported hereto-day on good
authority that Hammond, . acting with
Harriman and Huntington, will im
mediately proceed to . get a firm foot
hold in Eureka, where .Hammond con
trols some valuable water front prop
erty, and that the next step will be to
extend the Eureka and Klamath road
south from Eureka with a view of con
necting it with the. California North
western ¦ at . some • point above Willlts,
to which the Foster, people Intend to
build this summer. II; . mond. during
a recent visit to this city, is reported
to have confided to several. friends here
that the plans for the extension of his
road had been designed . a year ago
and only waited the expected favor
able" decision to be carried out.. To-day
the opinion exists here 'that Harriman
will be able to connect with Eureka be
fore-the-Santa-Fe. — - : - - '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
On the day of the alleged suicide
Coroner Smith was called and found
the woman dead,- with rope marks
around her neck, indicating that she
had been strangled. The family told
the Coroner that the^body had been
found In the cellar by her son. Wil
liam' Muffett,' suspended in a loop of a
rope. But on investigation it was found
that there were no signs of congestion
such as always accompany strangula
tion. The post mortem revealed all of
the organs of the body to be in normal
condition. Nobody outside of father
and son reports to have seen the body
in the cellar of the house. The son is
the only one who says he saw his
mother suspended by the rope. H«
claims to have discovered the body in
the cellar and to have cut the body
down. He then called his father. Cor
oner Smith was unable to find the rope
with which.it is claimed the woman
hanged herself. The husband states h««
burned it. Mrs. Muffett was of a re
ligious frame of mind and devoted to
reading the Bible. She had a happy
home, and the family is in moderate
circumstances. She left no message
nor gave any signs when bidding good
by to her husband and younger son
that she contemplated such a deed.
SPOKANE. Wash., Jan. 22.— Thire
days of investigation into the mystery
surrounding the death of Mrs. J. T.
Muffett in. this, city have resulted in
ilo clew to support a suicide . theory,
while the Coroner and officers connect
ed with the case talk strongly of foul
play, but are unable to assign a mo
tive for any one killing the woman.
Mrs. Muffett was said by her son to
have hanged herself, but the Coroner
found no congestion such as would be
caused by strangulation. Her stomach
Is now being analyzed by a chemist.
while detectives are working hard on
a case which ao far has baffled- their
best efforts. • ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
Southern- Pacific Will Now Be
A;ble \to ~ Keach " Humboldt
Bay- by Way of the Foster Line
One .-of .'the Desperadoes Covers
Victims With Pistols While
His Companion SearchesThem
Makes Address From Scaffold
Saying That He AVas Sorry for
• Taking Life of His Victim
Case . Baffles the Efforts of
the Detectives AVho Are Try
ing to Solve the Mystery
Manager of Concern Says Col
lapse Is Due to the Erratic
Action of New York Shares
GIVEN A RIGHT. OF WAY
NERVE
M SPLAYS IKON"
BRANCHES CLOSE DOORS
WORK • LIKE OLD-TIMERS
NO CAUSE FOR SUICIDE
rirasa;it Armstrong, Man Who
Killrd Minnie Ensminger, Is
Excealcd iu Baker City Jail
Enter a Crowded Saloon Near
Scotia, Humboldt County, a^nd
Bob Twenty-Five Lumbermen
Harriman, Huntington and
'Hammond AViri an Important
Point Over the Santa Fe
Her Husband and Son Assert
. That She Hanged Herself,
but Autopsy Disproves" Story
Southern California Grain and
Stock Com nan v of Los An
ffclcs Goes Into Liquidation
- ¦ . ¦ ¦ . 1 - . - -
John G. Brady Is Here in Connection With Plans
for Exhibit of Mineral and Agricultural Prod
ucts at the Coming Exposition atvSt. Louis
MURDERER DIES
FOR HIS CRIME
RISING MARKET
CAUSES CRASH
MASKED THUGS
LEVY TRIBUTE
DECISION GOES
AGAINST RIPLEY
WOMAN'S DEATH
CAUSES INQUIRY
ALASKA'S GOVERNOR IS PROUD
OF THE TERRITORY'S PROGRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, v SATURDAY;- JANUARY 23, .1904.
5
ORDER F"OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK 'BQO&
Hail This Order to The San Praaclsco Call Wlt>. 75c.
Ihe San Francisco Call,
San Francisco, Cal.:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for which send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers and the additional 25c is to prepay shipping charces.)
¦ *
* ••••• ••••••••• t^« ••••••••«
Q 'I- * r-t- * -
KEGAL SHOES. _ _
II fj *I Style is the distinguishing feature of Women's Regals. They are made for the
HE ' S fastidious woman who will have style at any price, but is willing to take three
Ej S pair of shoes for the money she usually pays for one. ' Don't compare Woman's * »
I * B Regals with ordinary $3.50 or $5.00 or. $6.00 shoes. * They are the equal '
I |3 of the $9.00 and $ 1 0.00 custom made kind. There is no other line of shoes '
8, u in America designated exclusively for New. York Gty trade. All other Enes
[a s a '• °* 8n oes are made to please the fancies of the average customer ; that is, they
i H must become as near as possible the ideal of both the Fifth avenue trade and f|
I i| " the country general store ; located 40 miles from^ths nearest Post Office. The I-
|| H result is a style that is ultra-swell at Jones's cross roads but out of place on v
l| ¦ H - women s shoes are made and sold on the same plan as ota* IVIen^ Regals
g H and these you know are fast monopoli2ing the trade of the men who care for style.
B B *J All Regal Shoes are sold direct from tannery to wearer. There is only one
I ¦ ' B P ro "t added to the raw leather. * .They .are -bigger bargains than the biggest |
g ffi • shopworn, bargain counter bargains." ¦ , Every day is bargain day in Women** I
Eg . IL Regals. They are sold at $3.50 every day of the year and never at any j
ifi^&|p7^ other price. They are sold in Regal Stores and by mail and in no other way.
wB^L^ *J The Women s stores arc separate from the Men's. We would like very <¦ *WP
¦p^P much to have you come in and see the newest ideas for Fall and \^inter wear ¦ «*S3
HaL^ just to see now good xxegal Shoes really are. ¦ -*— -> jfj
~ SAN FRANCISCO STORE : r C6R. : . GEARY- AND^ STOCKTON STS. T^^jT^OAKLAND. Jan. 22. — Mayor War
ren Qlney will deliver an address on
February 9 before, the Young -lien's
League . of the. First,. , Presbyterian
Church on Oakland."
Mayor Will Talk on Growth.
.BERKELEY; Jan. 22.— The congre
gation Of .' the " • First Presbyterian
Church accepted last night the resig
riation of .the" Rev.: Edgar W. Work,
who. resigned- recently on account ;of
the Illness of his. son. The Rev.. H.
H. Dobbins, presided i '« and": "speeches
were made by a ."number of the con
gregation-/in 'eulogy; of the retiring
pastor.*. 1 His <¦, connection with, the
church will "cease on February 1.
-'Pastor's Resignation.
OAKLAND. Jan. 22. — William E.
Barnes, whose thieving proclivities
have kept him in jail a large portion
of the last twelve months, was ar
raigned to-day in the Police Court on
a charge of stealing.. Dr. William S.
Porter's horse and buggy. The case
was set for January 26 for preliminary
examination.
Barnes* Case Set for Hearing.
George S. Montgomery and Wife Deed
Property Upon Which Rescue
Home Is Situated.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22. — George S.
Montgomery and his wife, Carrie Judd
Montgomery, to-day transferred the
lot where the Salvation Army Hbme
for Girls is located to the Salvation
Army.
The home is situated near Mills
Seminary and the lot is worth several
thousand dollars.
TRANSFER VALUABLE LOT
TO SALVATION" ARMY
-.¦¦': It is. expected. that at least 100 mem
bers of * the Oakland Board of Trade
will participate in this excursion. ;A
special committee from, the Oakland
Board of Trade, consisting; of. Charles
J. Heeseman, ~ George T.Forsy the and
Edwirj. Stearns, has been appointed > to
take chargerpf the matter. ;; .
OAKLAND. Jan. 22.— The Alameda
County Board of Trade has decided to
have a special excursion, to Los An
geles, next, month. A special meeting
of the board was held this ; afternoon
at which the matter was discussed and
February S twas' set as the date for
the .event. The members of the board
and such other citizens of Oakland as
desire, to inspect --the. methods of
Southern California boomers will take
a special, train from the foot of Broad
way on Monday, -February 8. The rate
has been fixed at $15 for the round
trip, the .-tickets to be gopd .upon any
train returning <i within J seven days.
Special rates have . been;- made, at the
Los Angeles hotels., •,- • :.
Special Excursion Arranged for Onk
landers'Who <VVant- to Inspect
~ : Southland Methods.
OAKLAND BOARD OF TRADE
. ., TO VISIT LOS ANGELES
ner of Powell and Jackson streets, and
these two churches, with the church on
Pine street where the market now
stands, were practically all there was
to the diocese".
"Regarding the conditions which con
fronted the Bishop on his arrival in
San Francisco, the statement of a
member of Trinity Church just about
tells the story. He said to Bishop Kip
in speaking of Grace Church: 'There
are twenty people inside of Grace
Church and a Sheriff on the outside.' "
Bishop Nichols then read a letter
from Mr. Thc-mpson, one of ' the men
who met" Bishop Kip on his arrival in
San Francisco, telling of the early his
tory of Trinity Church and the work
of the Bishop In building up the dio
cese, and closed his . address with a
warm and sincere tribute to the dead
divine for his work for the church.
EPISCOPAL MINISTERS WHO
ATTENDED ANNIVERSARY
OF BISHOP KIP'S COMING.
Mr. Walsh said to-day that the epi
sode had not been dropped, which is
taken to mean that something else is in
the air. There is, however, only the
unsupported evidence of Walsh that
there was bribery attempted, and he is
not willing to swear that Pickett took
the money he says Fisher tendered, so
the chances for the prosecution are
slim.
Another controversy was indulged in
between the opposing counsel in the
case this morning. It was precipitated
by Walsh's request to reopen the ex
amination of C. B. Gage, who had al
ready been accepted as a juror. The
ground for the request was the alleged
bias cf the juror. After a squabble
that occuDied most of the morning ses
sion the attorneys compromised by per
mitting Walsh to excuse Gage on a
peremptory challenge. Ten Jurors have
been secured. The case will go on to
morrow.
Nothing was said about yesterday's
sensational charges when the case of
"Sam" Fisher, the West Berkeley sa
loon-keeper, charged with disturbing
the peace of E. E. Newton, was re
sumed this morning in Justice Edgar's
court. This silence as to the accusa
tions of Philip M. Walsh, the Deputy
District Attorney, that Fisher at
tempted to bribe Deputy Marshal
Pickett, leaves it to be inferred that
Justice Edgar does not intend to take
any further steps in the matter. But
it is understood that the District At
torney's office will call it to the atten
tion of the Grand Jury.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Jan. 22.
Justice Edgar Does Not Take
It Up. but District Attorney
May Inform the Grand Jury
"Had he come to the spot where this
church now stands, the Bishop would
have found a \ veritable field ; populated
only with the':oaks ; . from>- which .this
city, takes its name. ' Some time before
the arrival of the Bishop iri San'Fran
cisco some misunderstanding,; regard
ing which I will not go into
had resulted in the building: erf Grace
Church, and, strange as it ,"* may seem
now, it was erected opposite
corner from Trinity Churchj on the cor-
-FOUND VIRGIN FIELDS.
"After an eventful voyage, down the
Atlantic coast he crossed the isthmus
of. Panama and tookthe steamer Gold
en Gate for San Francisco. He reached
San Diego after the wreck of the Gold
en Gate, and taking another steamer
he reached San Francisco on Sunday,
January 29, and was met at the land
ing by Augustine W. Hale ' and a
Mr. Thompson and was taken" to the
home of the:latter, and less than three
hours' after leaving the ship he con
ducted his" first Sunday morning ser
vice at Trinity Church, then situated
where the Pine-street market now
stands. Sj ' vv.V
"Strangely enough shortly after
ward he did receive a call to the rec
torship of Trinity Churclv in : San
Francisco, which he determined to ac
cept. Immediately afterward he re
ceived a call from St. Peter's Church
in Baltimore. He went to Baltimore
and called upon the Bishop of that
diocese, to whom he . told his deter
mination to go to California. The
Bishop said: 'I have it. You should
go, not as the Rector of Trinity
Church, but as the Bishop of Califor
nia,' and at the general convention at
New York In 1853 Mr. Kip was noml«
nated and elected Bishop of Califor
nia. ' ¦ :;r^'^ ; •'"".
CALLED TO WEST.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22. — The Episco
pal churches of Oakland united this
evening in a memorial service at St.
Paul's Church to commemorate the
fiftieth anniversary of the arrival of
the late Bishop Kip in San Francisco.
It was half a century ago that the di
vine landed upon these then unsettled
shores and the churches of Oakland
decided that to-night they would hold
services that would do honor to that
event. The Right Rev. Bishop Nich
ols was Dresent and delivered .the ad
dress of the evening, while the various
Oakland rectors participated in the
services. Those who took part were
Rev. C., T. Walkley of St. Paul's
Church, Rev. Edgar F. Gee of St.
John's Church, Rev. Clifton Macon of
Trinity Church, Rev. William Carson
Shaw of the Church of the Advent,
Rev. James Hulme of St. Paul's
Church and Rev. O. Scott of St. An
drew's Church.
Bishop Nichols delivered the ad
dress of the evening from the- topic,
"The Call of Bishop Kip to California
and the Field that He Found Here."
During his address Bishop Nichols
said:
"The thoughts of Bishop Kip, then
the Rev. Mr. Kip. were first turned
to California through the correspond
ence of Mr. Augustine W. Hale, a
brother-in-law of Mr. Kip's family
physician. In the meantime a call to
California had been extended to an
other clergyman in the East, who was
hesitating as to whether or; not he
would accept. While discussing this
call at the home of his physician one
day Mr. Kip was asked by the doc
tor's wife, 'Why don't you go to Cali
fornia?' and he said that should a call
be extended to him he would accept.
BERKELEY. Jan. 22.— The " subject oT the
¦dOress of Dr. Albert Phaw. editor of the Re
view of Review*, which is to form the Initial
in the series of Wcinstcck lectures on "The
Moral* cf Tradf." will be "Public Duties and
Itelatiotis of Modern Business Life." This lec
ture is to be delivered on February 4 at 8
t.Vloek In iteam Hall. Admission will be by
card, and those desiring to hear the lecture
are requested to address the office of the pres
ident. ...
During the furamor the marine biological
fcurvey cf th« university, -which has been car
tied on during the latt three years on the
coast of Southern California by the department
cf zoology and for the last year has had its
lsboi-aU-ry at Ccronndo, will be continued with
broadened eeepe and Increased facilities
%tnrou£hout the next three weeks at least. Dur
ing trie summer of 1UIH the laboratory will be
OB Uie^o l^ay, probably at La Jolla.
While, at l.prfoforH, the whole time and effort
of the staff will have to be devoted to re
search, a limited number of students euffl
ctestljr advanced to be able to work under the
guidance cf the invj-stisators will be admitted.
The buildings «nd grounds committee, after
tit-liberating t whole year as to the color of
) ..:i.t to l>« applied to the university build
mgt, have at last decided to coat them with
red. It will not be necessary to buy any
paint of the vermlllion hue. as there has been
a tun of jt on hand for more than a year.
Fiilowir.g the lead cf the junior and senior
uitn, who have taken to wearing corduroy
tlWWtii, the Junior and senior co-eds have
t»di'j>u-d corduroy ekirts to distinguish
them fn-m their humbler classwomen.
The new carmon!*. being: heavier and
a little more Fiarchier and stylish look
ing than t*ie crrtinary kind, are looked
upon with favor and at>out every other
girl new wears or.?. Co-eds of the lower classes
are forbidden to wear the new species of skirts
on p*in of being hazed and rebbed of them on
the campuc
The buildinpF just erected over the new In
struments Kivcn to the observatory will be ded
icated on Saturday. January 30. which will also
be the occasion inr the meeting of the Astro
nomical S»x-lety cf the Pacific. The ceremonies
will be held in the large lecture-room at the
observatory in the evening, the programme to
be as follow*. Remarks. President Wheeler;
"The Student*' Observatory." Professor A. O.
I>"U!-chner; "The Constant of Refraction." Dr.
R. T. Crawford; "The Watson Asteroid?." Dr.
n. L.. Newkirk: "The Photographic Telescope,"
l>r. A. F. Gillihan.
Thf flag was at half-mast to-day for Walter
Clinton Whitp. a 6cnior irTtUe college of civil
enginprrir.g. who died last nfght at the East
Ray Sanitarium Sn Oakland of 'apj-*ndicitii!.
H" was a native of California, 30 years old.
urn] a rra«luate of the Woodland HiRh School.
M'oodland \te\ng the home of his parents. He
was a. member cf the Hidpe Uoad Olub, of the
• 'ongTORationa! Church and the Youns Men's
'"hristian Association. Memorial services! in
hit honor will te held in Stiles Hall at S-'.'.Q
r'clock Sunday, under the aurplccs of the
Young Men'f Christian Arswiation.
Governor Pardons Woman.
OAKLAND. Jan. 22.— Governor
Pardee to-day commuted the sen
tence of Emma Wingate. who was
Bervir.g a thirty days' sentence in the
county Jail for vagrancy. She be
longs to an old and respected family
of the community and is suffering from
consumption, which has reachet} an
advanced stag*. The sentence has
been commuted with the understand
ing that she spend the "remainder of
the term at the County Hospital.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
In answer to questions McKowen
said that he would plead guilty as soon
as he was given opportunity to do so.
The prisoner indicated his assent
with a bow of the head and as soon as
thp ord^r was entered McKowen was
taken in charge by Hanifin and re
turned to the County Jail.
"I have here a communication from
Attorney H. M. Wrigrht asking me to
h&vt- this matter f?o over for one week
as he *s unable to be present here this
morninV I would ask the court to let
it be sel aside for that time."
"It is t^ ordered," said the Judge,
.adding;, however: "Is that your wish,
Mr. McKowen?"
Owing to the absence of his attor
ney, W. A. McKowen did not plead
guilty to the embezzlement of univer
sity funds this morning. McKowen ap
peared in court attended by Under
Jherift Hsnifln and took his seat
within the rail In the court room.
*Vhen his case was called he took his
position before the bar and Clerk Les
ter C. McNuity was about to begin the
reading of the information when Dis
trict Attorney Allen addressed the
court and said:
Oakland Ofnee San Francisco Call
HIS Broadway, Jan, 22.
LETS BRIBERY
CHARGE REST
In this letter Mr. Friend reminded
President Wheeler of that glorious
time in 1S96 when the whole student
body answered the summons to build
the path that now leads from Center
street entrance to North Hall. They
turned out, all of them, and laid the
path in four days' time. It was a hard
job, but those intellectual laborers
stayed with it. There were blisters and
backaches and bruises, but the result
was worth all of them.
Nov/ Mr. Friend wants to see Stu
dent Labor Day done over again. He
thinks it ought to be made an annual
institution, forming a precedent for all
ether colleges. President W r heeler
thinks so, too, and that Is why he re
tailed Mr. Friend's suggestipns to-day
to Max Thelen, president cf the As
sociated Students, and i~ J. E. Road
houre, who promised to take them up
with the student body.
There is a good deal that a btudent
Labor Day could accomplish just now
In the way of improvements on the
campas. Most Important, of course, is
the p-oposed football field, for which
an inrr.ense lot of grading is necessary.
It will be expensive if done by a con
tractor and inexpensive if done by stu
dent labor. In three or four days the
students could save probably $5000 by
performing a portion o£ the work.
The co-eds are to have a share in
the" n-ork if it is undertaken. Jhey will
r;t only be expected to look pleasant,
but to serve the workers with lunches
while they are toiling their young lives
away.
' Student Labor Day, that one day in
the year when a thousand, more or
less, brawny students roll up their,
sleeves and heave with the pick and
shovel, is about to be revived at the
University of California. It has been
in a mummified state now since the
last leap year eight years ago, but was
prodded into life again to-day by the
Rev. William Nat Friend of Golden,
Colorado, an alumnus of the univer
sity, who wrote a letter to President
Wheeler.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
• 2148 Center St.. Jan. 22. '
Says He Will Plead Guilty to
Charge Against Him ; When
Given Opportunity to Do So
Expects Brawny Sons of Uni
versity to Spend . Reserve
Energies on Improvements
TELLS OF PAST SUCCESS
The Kev. William Nat Friend
.Revives .aii. Old Institution
by Writing; to Mr. Wheeler
PRISONER ADMITS CRIME
His Attorney Fails to Appear,
and Request That Case Ue
Continued a Week Is Granted
M'KOWEN CASE
IS POSTPONED
PRODS STUDENT
PICK BRIGADE
OAKLAND CHURCH PEOPLE DO HONOR
TO MEMORY OF THE LATE BISHOP KIP
St. Pauls Is the Scene of Service Characterized by Reminiscent Addresses
in Which the Deeds of Pioneer Leader in Spiritual Affairs Are Re
counted and His Virtues Are Extolled by Eloquent Lips of Divines
¦ .... . . . j i i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1904.
¦OAKLAND. Jan. 22. — A.decree- of
divorce was granted .to-day to Mayme
Murray / from James Murray, on. the
ground of failure to provide. The
Murray's "were married 'in 1900. ' '
Secures a Divorce.
BERKELEY, Jan. 22.— Mlis Florence Boon
entertained a number of friend.-, at cards vm
terday afternoon at the Town and Gown club
She was assisted in receiving by her moth*-'
Mrs. Philip. R. Boone. the other member, of
the receiving party being Mrs. Benjamin Ide
Wheeler Mrs.' FranV M. Wllafln. Mrs. Joseph
Larose Phelps. Mrs. 'Stephen D. Field Mrs M
W. Haskeli, Mrs. James Spauldlng. Miss Flor'
ence White. Miss Florence Hush. Miss Mimie
Wilson. Mies -Carol -Day. Miss Maud Thomas
Miss Emma Lillian Lane. Miss Helen Kutton'
Miss Amelia Christie. Miss Jacqueline Moore'
Miss -Jean Cllft, Miss ; Kefsey Patterson and
Miss Leslie Green.
OAKLAND. Jan. 22.— 'Heirs of Pe
ter Farley, who disappeared from here
seventeen years afo. have had. him de
clared legally dead. Hq has not been
heard from since he left 'his wife and
home here in 18S7. Mrs. Parley to
day asked to "have their homestead
right3 vested in her. and Judsa Greene
granted her petition.
Declared locally Dead.
music by Roma.
Mme. Caro Roma.
Obllsato by Miss Gertrude Weld Hibberd.
"The Wandering One" — A song cycle —
"The Prayer," "The Letter."' "The Re
turn" Words and music by Roma
Mrs. Wallace Wheaton Briggs.
"Violets" Words and music by Roma
Henry L. Perry.
"Resignation" ..... . Worda and Music by Roma
Mme. Caro Roma.
"Good Night," quartet from "Martha". .Flotow
Mme. Roma, Mrs. BrlgKs, Harry Smith, Henry
L. . Perry.
• • • .
On Monday, February 1, Miss Margaret
Olccse will be the hostess at a Targe card
party. It N to be complimentary to four
young brl3es-t»-be — Miss Wilhelminc Koenlg.
Miss Nettie Stevens. Miss Geraldlna Scupham
and Miss Edith Larkey. Miss Olcese. has 8»nt
out over ICO card» and the affair oromlses to
be one. of the very interesting • events of the
comins month. Of the four Miss Stevens will
probably be the first to become a bride, as
she favort March, while MJa Koenigr win go
to the altar in April. Neither Miss Scupham
or Miss Larkey have positively deckled yet,
but expect to wed in June, the most beautiful
month in all the twelve.
• » • •
A number of youns: oeople are anticipating
a sleasant n'ternoon .on February 20 at the
home .of Mi». E. C.; Tlmerman on Webster
street. It Is to be quite Informal and limited
to Just ths rnore Intimate friends of the th-ee
guests of honor— Miss Geraldtne Scupham
whose engagement was recently announced*
Miss Lillian Moller. who has Just returneii
from Euror*. er.d Mra. David Brown (nee
Eby). who ia still included among th? br:des.
After the 'l>"s dance last night W. B Stan
deforde entertained about "twenty^flve ' cuests
at supper at the Ice cream parlors on Broad
way. ¦_'"¦*' •
The Unitarian Church was not even well
filled last night on the occasion of Mme. Caro
Roma's concert and more's the pity, for an
excellent programme had been . prepared. Mrs.
Wallace Wheaton BrlKffs. who sang Mme.
Roma's song cycle, "The Wandering: One,"
was formerly Miss Lottie Clough of Oakland.
Harry L. Perry, barytone, and Ml»s Gertrude
Hibberd violinist, are also Oakland people,
and their appearance last night was greeted
each time with acnlause.
'Wallace' A. Sabln. the well-known organist,
gave three charming ¦ selections on the organ,
although he was somewhat at a disadvantage,
playing for the first time on an unfamiliar in
strument. Mme. Roma was herself in splendid
voice last night and made a charming plctuic
In a town of pale blue silk covered with
Jeweled lace. The programme was as follows:
"Caprlcco". .......... ......Wllhplm ten Have
. : Miss Gertrude Weld Hibberd.
(a) "Rosary" (words by Robert Cameron Rog
.¦ era. music by Roma.) • •
(b) "Sleeping"..... From the German by Roma
Mme. Caro Roma. . .
"That Day":.. ...Words and music by Roma
Henry L. Perry. .
"The Wandering One" — (A sons cycle) —
"Absence," "The Lament." "Doubt
Not" . .:...... .Words and music , by Roma
Mrs. Wallace Wheaton Briggs.
(a) "The «olden Chain" (words by. Adelaide
• Anne Proctor; music by Roma.) »
(b),"The Jewels"; (words by Lucille Watson;
music by Roma.) .
» . Dr. Harry B. Smith,
Quartet. "Rlgoletto" ..... .'...Verdi
Mme. Roma, Mrs. Brigs*. 1 Harry Smith, Henry
; L. Perry,
fa) Gavotteyfrom "Mlgnon". ........: .Thomas
(b) '"Nachtstuck" Schuman
(c) .'-"Triumphal March" (pranged by H.:J." ¦:-.'
Stewart) ..".~~;...'. .....Benedict
¦ . Wallace A. Sabln..- , :,: ,
Five songs, with violin obllgato. words, and
At the conclusion of an elaborate supper the
guests repaired to the general assembly room,
where an impromptu programme of music,
recitations and dancing was greatly enjoyed
by every one.
' Considerable merriment was created by Mrs.
McHueh. who recited "The Bachelors' Sale"
very cleverly, transposing: tome of the words
to make them fit the lodge's only bachelor.
Mrs. McHuRh's little daughter also recited an
amusing poem.
The groom's parents. Mr. and Mrs. C. S.
Olesen. and his sisters. Mrs. Nell and Mrs.
Code with their husbands, were guests of the
lodge "at the banquet. Rev. E. M. Hill, the
clergyman who officiated at the weddinsr, was
also a guest. Others present were: Mr. and
Mrs. Plnkerton. Mr. and Mrs. Moor, Mr. and
Mrs Bradwater. Mr. and Mrs. Brain, Mr. and
Mrs. Brain Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. Reading, Mr.
nnd Mrs. Howe, Mrs. Bain. Mrs. Brenner. Mrs.
Lee Mr. and Mrs. Manning. Mr. and Mrs.
Manning Jr.. H. Luttrell. F. Nell. Fred Otto.
Miss Brain. Mies Ingram. Miss Eva Richardson.
Charles F. Stoll, Mrs. McHugh and daughter*.
Mr. and Mrs. Llghtner, Mr. Barney and Mr.
and Mrs. Sured. •
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Olesen were the honored
guests at a reception and banquet given by
the Knights and Ladles of Security last even-
Ing at Fcrcstors' Hall. Mrs. Olesen is an of
ficer of the lodge and the affair last night
•was in honor of her recent marriage.
The membership includes Miss Hatch. Miss
Florence Taylor, Miss Anna Young, Miss Julia
Summers. Miss Alberta Jones, Mr. and Mrs.
Cornwall and Messrs. Kincaid. Bell, Flint, Ire
lancl and Asa V. Mendenhall.
The "63" Club was entertained this week by
Miss Florence Hatch at her home on Harrison
street. The prizes were won* by Mrs. Cornwal
lis and Mr. Klncald.
At future meetings ot the club 600 will be
played. The next assembly will be at the home
of Miss Alberta Jones.
Some very pretty gowns were noticeable
among the dancers, to say nothing of the pretty
girls who wore them. Mrs. George Wallace
Humphrey was very charming in a dainty
gown of pink silk brocade. Miss Anna Whit
ney of Honolulu was also in pink, a soil,
fluffy mulle that was very becominr to her
blonde, piquant beauty. Miss Lou Curdts wore
a white gown trimmed with black velvet ribbon
and Miss Eda Curdts was also 4n white—organ
die and lace lined with pink xllk. Mrs. Eugene
Van Court, wore black silk, brightened with
pale blue velvet. Mrs. Will Westphal wore a
very striking gown of yellow satin, trimmed
with black velvet and accordion pleating of
pala blue chiffon. Miss Florence Hatch wore
a pretty mode-colored foulard. Miss Florence
Rice's dress was entirely in red, a fluffy mass
of chiffon ruffles. Among the dancers were also
Mrs. Harry G. Williams, the Misses Ryder of
San Francisco. Lottie Champ, the Misses Paul.
Miss Louise Hager,' Miss flelnui Brink, Miss
Alma Kranz, Miss Edna Kranz, Miss Bessie
Smith and others.
OAKLAND. Jan. 22. — The dance given by
the "97V: at Reed Hall last night was one of
the most enjoyable parties that popular little
club has given. Beach Dean is president of
the club and his cheerful personality always
adds considerably to its social success. The
committee of arrangements for last evening in
cluded Mr. Dean, Eugene Grandjean, D. H.
Rand, Harry 0. Williams and' Eugene Van
Court.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Leaves Instructions Also as
to How He Desires That His
Epitaph- Should Be Worded
ALA1IEDA. Jan. 22.— Bruno K.
Funke, politician, money broker, bar
ber and philosopher, prepared his own
funeral oration, and, in accordance with
his dying request, the oration was de
livered to-day by his old friend. Judge
R. B. Tappan, as Funke's body -was
about to be consigned to the flames at
the Oakland Crematory. The details
connected with the final disposition of
the body of the deceased had been per
fected by him when he realized that
his hours were numbered. He stipu
lated who should officiate as pallbear
ers and mourners, and arranged that
every hack driver should receive a
package of tobacco, two cigars and a
silver dollar. In compliance with an
other wish of the dead philosopher, the
mourners assembled in Oakland after
the incineration and partook of a din
ner, one vacant chair and an empty
glass being stationed at the head of
the table. The only toast offered was
to the dtnarted.
In the course of the eulogy Judge
Tappan said: "Having met my friend,
Mr. Bruno K. Funke, almost daily far
many years, I am in a position to say
that he was an intellectual man and
a loving son. \ He desired to live, as
he told me a few days ago, for just
five years more, not for his own but
for his mother's sake. In his dealings
with his clients and customers he was
straightforward and honest and never
exacted a cent more than his contracts
called, for. When they desired his
money in urgent cases all that he asked
of them was that they live up to their
contract. He had a keen mind that
was constantly in action digesting the
writings of the masters. During the
last of his life he discussed religious
matters and studied the Bible constant
ly. He never urged any one to accept
his belief. He said he could not ac
cept the Bible as the word of God and
have an orthodox minister speak of the
immortality of his soul .after he had
passed out. He asserted that he could
not embrace a reliclon that was not
in touch with reason. He could not
believe that it was necessary that a
whale should swim along in the water
and swallow Jonah; because- he;consid
ered that an all wise Providence could
attain the desired results with means
less absurd." " ! *>U3ti*'»iail»V-«x <: »
His epitaph was. another matter that
Philosopher Funke did not .overlook.
He expressed to his friends that the
common phrase, "Gone to rest," was
objectionable to him, and he wanted his
epitaph to read. "Gone with the rest."
WANTS COM3IITTEE TO BE
NAMED BY THE COUNCIL
President Dornin Thinks His Fellow-
Members Should Take a Hand
in the Selection.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22. — The selection
of a committee to choose a city's rep
resentative on the board of arbitration
to fix a valuation of the Contra Costa
Water Company will not be made un
til Monday night's meeting of the City
Council. President Dornin has' ex
pressed a desire that the Council shall
by vote name the committee. Pend
ing the action of the Bay Cities "Water
Company with relation -to a second
proposition definite action on the leas
ing project will not be taken by the
Council.
Acts ns Her Own Attorney.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22. : — Mrs. John
Martin appeared as her own attorney
to-day in a suit against the West
chester Fire Insurance Company. Mrs.
Martin complained that Judge Og
den's courtroom was cold and sug
gested that the Judge have it made
more comfortable. Judge Ogden
passed it up to" the Supervisors.
Permit to Wed.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22. — The follow
ing marriage license was Issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Raymond
J. Machen, 30, San Francisco, and
Agnes Macauley, 26, Chicago.
Colima J. Kriemler to Marie C. Benoit
(widow), lot on NW corner of Curtis and
Twentj -first streets, W 1W by N 50. lot 11,
block I. Curtis and Williams tract, quitclaim
deed. Oakland; ?>.
Philip H. or Phillip. II. Rosenheim (sin*l*)
to Christine J. Cameron <sir>Kle> lot on E Urn
of Halleck or Ettie street. 10«> S of Thlrty-s-p
ond or "A," S 100 by K l:KJ. lot 6. block U.
lands of Peralta Homestead Association, Oak
land: $10.
Mary Schmidt (widow) to John F. Cross, lot
on NE line of East Eighteenth street, 1^5 U
of Kl*thth avenue, SE 25 by NE 10O. East Oak
land: 210.
Nathan Mansfield 'sir.gle) to W. G. Brltt.
lot on N line of Carlton street. 223 XV of Ful
tor.. W 1W> by N 135. lots 21 and 22. block
1426. Berkeley property maps Nos. I and -.
Blake Tract portion plot 6t>, etc. Berkeley: $10.
Rolla V. and Jessie S. Watt (wife) to Charles
C. Boynton, lot on X line of Santa Clara ave
nue (since widened to SO) 20<> W Walnut; W
50 by N 207:8. lot 5, block 23. lands adjacent
to Encinal. Alameda; $10.
George S. and Carrie J. Montgomery to Sal
vation Army (corporation), lot's 1. 2 and S,
block 63. Park place map of subdivision No. 2.
deed and agreement, brooklyn Township: 110.
Kate Fferkln (widow) to John Holland, lot
on S line of William street. S0:7*i W of Pine,
W 37:6 by S 100:7^. lot 0 and E !i lot 10.
block 39. map land on Oakland Point Railroad
Ferry Landing, tract 406, Oakland; fid
John A. and Hannah Carson (wife) to Joha
Erikson. lot on SE corner of Herzng and Sixty
third street. S 50 by E 10O. portion lot 1. block
13, map Herzos tract. Oakland: $10.
Sarah Methen (widow) to Madeline E. Cor
coran and Uussie Howell (daughters), lota 17
anil IS. block J, map Broadway Terrace. Oak
land; gift.
Arthur James Webb to R. H. and II. O. Reno
(wife> lot on W line of San Pablo avenue. 103
S of Park avenue, S 20 by W 1X5. portion plot
C. Kellenberger'a map. V". and O. Peralto
•Rar.cho. Emeryville. Oakland Township; Jit).
Lillian M. Housrhton (Holmes) (wife of How
ard C.) to Benjamin L.. Holmes, 125 square feet,
being lot 43, In plot 38. map said plot Mountain
VU-w Cemetery Association, Oakland Town
ship; $1.
Matthew Lee to M" ••ourl Lee (wife), lot on E
line of Newbury str :. 2'^> N" of Ashby avenue.
N W by E 10O. lot 1». block B. map Adeline
Tract, Berkeley: sift.
Mary E. or Mary Elizabeth 'Wilson (widow)
to Albert A. Wilson (son), lot on N line of
Addison street. 120.55 E from E line of right
of way of California and Nevada Railroad
Company as condemned, etc. 20« r>. 281 and
263 D. 224, thence N 137.64 by E .16:8, portion
plat «54. Kellersberger's map, ranchos V. and t>.
Peralta. Berkeley: jrift.
Margrartt and William Thompson (husband)
to William Richard Williams, lot on NW cor
ner of Rose and Henry street. W IS9 by N 4O.
portion lot 0, block UK property Berkeley Villa
Association. Berkeley; $10.
George H. and Nancy E. Lee (wife) to Win
fleld f. McCormirk. lot bounded on N line hy
Jackson street. W by Lawrence and SE by
old county road. Oakland, to San L'-andro.
lot 27, Uhirardelli Tract, Brooklyn Township:
*1O.
WInfield S. MeMormick to Daisy McCormick
(single), same; $10.
M. L. Wicks (single) to Anton J. Chrtstlan
«on, lot on S line of Pacific avenu». .Toxl-W,
being lot 10, block A, amended map of r«»
subdlvision of Ualght Tract. Alameda. Ala
meda: $245.
Edgar and Mable Francis or Stable Francos
Durr.an to Martin and Celia. Madden laon anil
wife cf John Madden), lot on E line of Valley
street. 1G3 S of E!m or Twenty-fourth. S Trf) by
K 15<>, portion of lot 4, block 12, map of Pa
cific Homestead. Oakland: $10. .
Emma and John F. Collins to Nettle M.
Shier, lot on E line of Magnolia, street. .182:*
8 of Thirty-fourth, E- 133:3 by S 37:rt. portion
of lot 3. block 677. map No. 2 of Watts Tract.
Oakland: J10. *
Noah C. and Ena F. Kendall to Joseph and
Rose Escle. lot on N line of Forty-fifth street,
20O W of Grove, W SO by N 100. lot 23, block
210!). Alden Tract at Temescal. Oakland: $10.
Fannie Winifred Howard to J. £.. Merrill
(widow), lot on N line of Thirty-third JNolan)
street. 116:3 E of Market. E 3.1 by N 100, por
tion of lot 30, block K. map of portion of
property of Central Land Company, Oakland,
quitclaim deed: $10.
A. C. and Lulu Baumgartner to A. F. Baum-
Kartner, undivided half Interest In lot at In
tersection of E line of Hollis street, with NW
line of Peralta. NE 214. NW 44 :C. W 125. «
170:3, lot 1. block 790. Watts Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Truman F. and Mary TJ. Chapman (by Mer
cantile Trust Company of San Francisco, trus
tees) to San Francisco Savings Union. eciH D.
97, lot on N corner of East Fourteenth street
and Third avenue. NW 150 by NE 14O. block
53. Clinton. East Oakland, trust deed: $3000.
Mary A. Murnhy (sinzle) to S. A. Scott
(married), lot on E line of St. Charted street.
250 N of Central (Washington) avenue. N 25
block 18. homestead of Mary A. Fitch, Ala
meda: $1O.
George A. Wilson (widower) to Joseph an<S
Annie Davidson (wife), lot on E line of Madi
son street. 75 S nf Thirty-third. S 25 by 13
1C0. lot 5, block 31, map of resubdlvision of
block 131, Oakland: $1760.
George E. and Catherine Rowe to J»«ttl-»
Cabrall. lot on .W Iln» of Brush street. 50 9
of Fourth. 8 Wt3 ny VF 75. lot Tf and portion
of lot 18. block 100. Kelleraberger'a map, Oak
land: $10. ¦>-
G. I*, and Nannie P. Belcher to Henry Ma
son, lot en SW corner of West Fourteenth an<1
Myrtle streets. W 123 bv S 114:6. lots 4. 5
and E half of lot 3, block 570. plan of subdi
vision of block 670. etc.. Oakland: $10.'
Ellen Skinner (wldSw) to Addie A. S. T*aN
lon (wife of Malach F.). lot on N line of Bon
ton avenue. 10O W of Twelfth street. W SO by
N 14O. lot 8, block C. TCUnknervllle Tract.
Oakland; $10. . . -
Jerome IngaHs (as guardian of e*tat# of
Silas Ingall.«. incompetent) to R. J. Montpom
ery. lot on S line of Lilly (Lily> street. 200 K
of Channing (Carnlng). E 50 by S 100, lot*
13 and 14. block M. map No. 3. Roberta A
Wolfskill Tract, etc., Oakland, quitclaim deed;
$75.
Evelyn WiRhtman (single) to Frances J.
Woodward (wife of R. R.>. lot on N lin« of
Moss avenue. J»0:6 2-5 W of Silver street. -T!
50:6 2-5. N 101:0. W 50. 8 94:2. portion of
lot i.1. block C, map Broadway and Telegraph
Avenue Homestead. Oakland: $10.
William E. and Mary E. Palmer tt> In M.
Cordlt, lot beginning fit point on W line of
prooosed extension of I*ee street from which
N corner of Jayne avenue and Lee street bears
NW ."10.lt; feet and thence along said proposed
extension of Lee street on curv« to right 500
feet radius chord bear 9 SE 05 .feet, th«ic<*
leaving saltj proposed street SW 150, thence
along curve to left 350 feet radius chord bears
NW f>6.23. NE 150 to beginning, portion plat
21. V. and D. Peralta Rancho. Oakland: $10.
Elsie Ann and J. E. McElrath to Oeorsri*
Sterling, lot en Kline' of LJnden street. 100
N of Grant or Forty-flrst. as per map Mulllktn
Tract, thence E. distant JO© from. and parallel
with said N line of Grant or Forty-first street
C27.C5 to W boundary line of estate of John
Evov. in plat 30. etc.. K 33.2> to point 1W) 3
from and at right angle to S Una of Fortv
second street. W parallel with S line of Forty,
sc-cond and 1C0 at right angle from sam* 627.5. 1 *.
etc..' a.. 10.65 to beginning; .portion • Dlats "n
and B2. V. and T>. Peralta Rancho,- Oakland,
quitclaim deed; $io. . ¦ ¦
Joseph. A. and Hatt!«:Eva Laago to Gecrg*
E. Rowe Int en" SE lire of Eleventh avenue.
43 NE of East Twenty- first street.. NE; -'{5 bv
SE 100. block 130. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
l ra m. and'Saroantha D. Condit to William
E. and *Mary -E. ' Palmer. Jot on H corner of
Seventh aveni-e and Ea-^t Nineteenth »tr-et.
NE 75 by SE_- 150..-btock.U9^ Qinton, East
Oakland; ?10.
Jacob II J*s*en (widowert tr. II. M. Max
well lot en S line of University avenue. 501
W of Sacramento st'eet. W S4 bv S l.ifi por
tion lot 6 block 1. Shaw Tract. Berkelev: $i0
James and Sarah A. Davis (wife) to Richard
E Proctor lot on N line n( 1k»*ht» st-e»t.
CR6 W of Mllvia. W 50 by N 135-. lot 23. block
B Jar.es Tract. Berkeley: $10.
M. H. Kllbum to Anna BnrroTTghs. lot on S
line of-Feltfsn street. 212:« Rfrom B line nt
Occidental. E "' :« by S 133, portion lot 3.
block O, Paradise Park. Berkeley; gtft
Alamctla County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HIS OKDEKS AKE OBEYED
Brnno K. Funke Arranges for
Delivery of Enlo<ry hy His
; Friend After His Own Death
ODD FUNERAL
OF FRANK MAN
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMPORTANT SCIEWTITI0 DISC0V-
EKY.
A Clinical Preparation That PotiHrely
Kill* the Dandruff Germ.
A most important discovery has been
made after a years patient laboratory
work aimed in a certain direction it is
Newbro-8 Herpicide. a preparation that
prevents falling hair, and speedilv and
permanently eradicates dandruff These
evils are caused by a germ or parasite
that burrows into the Bcalp. throwing
i'P dandruflr. as it seeks to sap the life of
t!»e hair at the root. There'* no bald-
rean without falling or thin hair, no thin
hair without dandruff, and no dandruff
if the is destroyed. Kewbro's
Hcrpiciflf is the only preparation that
will do the work. "Destroy the cause
you will remove the effect." Sold by lead-
i::jf drupgists. Send 10c in stamps for
pp.mple to The Herpicide Co., Detroit
Mich. ¦•» . . •
BBIDGEWORK AT COST.
Why wear a cumbersome plate that
covers -the roof of the mouth when
you can have teeth without? Our pro-
fe$sor of bridgework personally su-
perintends this work s;id furnishes a
written jiuarantec for ten vears.
Painless Methods. Cleaning F«-ce
Graduates Only. Extracting Free!
\\ cck Days, 9 to q; Sundays. 0 to I.
Post-Graduate Dental College,
S*n rranci«co — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 373 Wa«ninjrton Street.
Kan Jcse— 45 East Santa Clara Street.
Sacramento — 107 J Street.
BRANCH OFFICES
Of the call is
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone; Main 1063.
BERKELEY.
2M8 Center Street.
Telephone .North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1135 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 302-League of the Covenant.
Thomas D. O'Brien is having trouble
with his mother-in-law. His wife is
dead and three little children survive
her. O'Brien claimed, before Judge
Fritz yesterday, that the custody of the
children by his mother-in-law was dis
tasteful to him and he refused to con
tribute to their support. The mother
in-law was in evidence, bearing trhe
name of Catherine Dobrogoishl. She
told of the care she lavished on the lit
tle ones in such a strenuous manner
that the Judge remained unimpressed.
Still the children were entitled to sup
port, and an order was made that
O'Brien would have, to pay $8 weekly
for their support. As he earns $21 a
week, this willnot be a great hardship
on him, despite the fact that he has a
mother-in-law.
A junk-dealer named B. *Axelard,
who docs business on Third street,
broke down and wept in Judge Fritz's
court yesterday. He was accused of
receiving stolen [.property from a pair
of boys, who ¦ testified j that Axelard
readily f purchased copper castings
from them, which they stole from the
Western Brass Foundry.
"It was tears, idle* tears," as far. as
the Judge was concerned. - The ; . story
that the defendant tojd, between his
sobs, lacked the moving touch and .he
was held for further consideration ? and
John Curran is an insistent guest
around the restaurants of : Sacramento
John Murpliy. a sailor, reported to
Policeman Ruggles early yesterday
morning that he had been held up by
four well dressed young men in front
of 710 Market street. One of them,
he said, had pointed a revolver at his
head and told him to keep quiet, while
another went through his pockets,
taking $30 in gold and silver coin.
Tiien warning him not to mako an
outcry, they ran down Third street.
Ilugrgrles visited several saloons on
Third street, accompanied by Murphy,
in the hope of finding the footpads,
and in the saloon* at 93 Third street
Murphy pointed out Charles King a£
one of the men who had robbed him.
King was' arrested and .booked at the
City Prison on a charge of robbery.
Ruggles and Murphy continued their
search, but were unable to find any
trace of the other three. Murphy,
who was under the influence of liquor,
was detained as a witness. , %
Charles Kins: Is Discovered in a Sa
loon and Identified ns One oC
the Footpad*.
SAILOR ROBBED BY FOUR
MEN* OX MARKET STREET
Benjamin Michaels was held in $6000
bail to answer to the Superior Court
yesterday by Judge Fritz, on the
charge of grand larceny by trick and
device. He is one of the two defend
ants arrested on an alleged charge of
bunkoing Wade W. Copenhaven out
of $1500. Ap narrated by Copenhaven,
who once occupied the honorable posi
tion of an Oregon farmer, the scheme
was to create, out of his crude metal,
a manager of a theatrical troupe. He
had visions of a diamond studded shirt
front and the regard of every blonde
beauty who wished an engagement.
It took some time for Michaels to re
lieve the crafty farmer of. his coin.
There was real estate to be transferred
and various objections were made by
Copenhaven to parting with the wad
of green governmental promises which
the Treasury Department issues.
Finally he was separated from his roll
through the instrumentality of a man
named Stanton, on whom the police
have no line. Stanton, is still wanted
to clear up the peculiar v case.
William Harvey, a codefendant of
Michaels, was discharged because there
was no further testimony against him
than that his photograph, in four dif
ferent poses, was In t£e possession of
the Police Department, and tha^t he
was generally rated as a bunko man
who had mixed some with Michaels in
the alleged stripping ot Copenhaven.
Rabbi Myers will preach in the
P.ush-street eynagogue this morning
ht 10:45 o'clock, his subject being
•'Preventable Losses of Human Lives."
Will Consider Lrf>ss of Life.
Attorney W. W. Foote objected and
insisted upon the case going to $rial
because the prosecution had not made
a sufficient showing for a continuance.
The Judge heard evidence as to the
woman's having been admonished to
be in court when the case was called
for trial and as to the inability of the
police to locate her, and then de
cided to discharge the jury and grant
a continuance till January 30.
When the case ot Ernest Alexander,
the ex-policeman, charged with ex
tortion while a member of the depart
ment, came up for trial before a jury
in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday^
morning Assistant District Attorney
Ferral asked that the jury be dis
charged and a continuance granted on
the ground tiat the State had been
unable to find Rosa Everett, one of
the material witnesses for the prose
cution.
Jury Is Discharged and a Continu
ance Is Granted at the Request
of the Prosecution.
WITNESS IS MISSING
IN ALEXANDER CASE
Public Administrator M. J. Hynes
$r*cterday demurred to the suit of for
' mer Public Administrator John Farn
ham for an injunction restraining him
from taking possession of the office.
The domurrer is interposed on the
ground that the complaint of Farn
ham is ambiguous and unintelligible.
Hynes also filM a notice that he will
move to strike out portions of the
complaint.
One of the Police Commissioners has
issued a ukase on the subject, and
since then the Police Court calendars
have been burdened with offenders.
When the corrective measures have
been properly^, administered San Fran
cisco readers of Dickens, who ridiculed
the expectorating habits of Americans,
may tear out the pages, as far as they
relate to the dwellers in the metrop
olis of the Golden Gate. Even they
may indulge in the high hope that the
streets of the city may be cleaned in
some degree.
Gentlemen who are In the habit of
emitting their Interiors on the . side
walks had better watch' out or the
bogie man'll get 'em. For the last
three days special po-lice officers have
been detailed in large numbers to ar
rest'all violators of the ordinance pro
hibiting expectoration on sidewalks.
Except in Chinatown, whence the po
lice believe a revenue should come to
the city, the ordinance had practically
been a dead letter.
and Floyd on orders from the Board
of Education. Judge % Murasky tola* the
boys they would have to go to school
«ntl they were nerved with copies of
th« notice calling attention to the
?•ompulsory education law. School
Director Roncovieri believes by this
plan ho will break up what he con
siders to be a padrone system now in
force In this city.
A number of boy fruit peddlers
¦n-ere haled before the Juvenile Court
yesterday by Truant Officers Campion
Must Go to School.
WILL PITT NEW COURSE OF
DRAWING INTO EFFECT
Superintendent Langdon Greatly Sim
plifies the Study on Recommenda
tion of Principals of Schools.-
Superintendent of. Schools Langdon
yesterday completed the new course
of drawing which he was empowered
to do by resolution of the Board of
Education. The new course is greatly
simplified and has been so. reduced as
to make it much less burdensome than
the old, and Is founded on recommen
dations made by principals and teach
ers.
Miss Katherine Ball, supervisor of
drawing,, was shown the course by
tangdon, who explained to her its
details. Langdqh ysaid It was desired
to^ prevent in future, any controversy
among principals* and ' teachers which
had resulted In disagreement some
months ago and threatened to disrupt
the School. Department.
Miss Ball expressed herself as sat
isfied with thecpurse. and will carry
out its provisions.. Her powers have
not been changed In any way, and she
will continue supervising-' the study
with -the assistance ."'off* Miss Murray.
The salaries of both teachers will be
left undisturbed. ..',:¦'
The taking of depositions in the case
of Hannah E. Nelson and others vs.
Theresa Alice Oelrichs and others, the
object of which is to set aside the
agreement entered Into between the
heirs of Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Fair,
was resumed before Ccrurt Commis
sioner John A. Hosmer yesterday after
noon in the presence of attorneys rep
resenting both sides to the controversy.
James W. Bollen, who Is employed
by 'the undertaking firm of Porter &
White, took the stand. He testified
that he was' employed by Porter &
White in September, 1902, and that he
knew both Charles L. Fair and Mrs.
Caroline D. Fair by sight, but was not
personally acquainted with either of
them. Under the direction 'of Samuel
A.. White, he assisted in receiving the
bodies and caring for them. The re
mains arrived here in a private Pull
man car in charge of a porter.
The course of the coffins from Oak
land mole to the undertaking parlors
was then traced, the testimony being
similar to that given by Mr. White at
a previous hearing. Bollen corrobor
ated the statement made by White that
the metal shells inside the coffins were
reversed, the face caps covering the
fe^t instead of the heads ot the bodies.
He could not tell whether the coffins
had" been opened or not after first be
ing sealed.
Witness found upon opening the cof
fin that the head and neck of Charles
Li. Fair were- wrapped in bandages such
as are ordinarily used by physicians,
and so far as he could judge the band
ages had never been tampered with.
Witness then testified as to having
prepared the bodies for an autopsy by
Drs. Williamson and Galwey. The head
of Mrs. Tair was thoroughly bandaged
in such. a. manner as to protect it from
any ordinary jar, shock or blow to
•which it might be subjected in travel
ing. Witness had removed the band
ages and noticed a large wound on the
left temple and *a similar one on the
opposite side. The bones could readily
be moved under the scalp; the jaw
bone was broken and the skull seemed
to be crushed. The, right eye was en
tirely missing. He "could not recognize
the face.
As resarded the head of Charles L.
Fair, \vitnes3 #>nly noticad a flesh wound
on the side of the face, but there was
no evidence of fracture of the skull.
As an undertaker, he stated that the
embalming in both cases was very poor
ly done. '
This concluded the direct examina
tion of the witr.ess and an adjourn
ment was taken until 10 . o'clock this
morning, when he will be cross-exam
ined.
Spring Valley Water Company Tells
Board of. Supervisors What It
Spent In Three Months.
The Spring Valley Water Company
yesterday filed with the Board of Su
pervisors a, statement of its expendi
tures for October, November and De
cember, 1903. The statement follows:
FILES A 4 STATEMENT
OF ITS EXPENDITURES
Federal Indictments.
The Federal Grand. Jury yesterday
filed Indictments as follows:. Charles
W. Callan for making: 113 counterfeit
fifty-cent pieces on December 17;
Thomas Sutcliffe. Charles W. Callan
and George Tighe, for uttering coun
terfeit coins; A. G. Osborn. for forg
ing the name of Dr. Osborn to a postal
money order for $5 05. One Indictment
was placed on the secret file. It is
believed to be against W. H. Van Ar
man and others for timber land
frauds in the Sacramento land dis
trict. The jury Ignored the' charge
against John A. Attridge for passing
counterfeit coin.
Mrs." Reeves Still a Tenchcr.
Mrs. Irene Doyle Reeves, who was
consolidated out of her position as
teacher of English and history at the
Polytechnic School a few months ago,
was restored to her position yester
day by Judge Hebbard. Attorney
Stephen Costello, her legal represent
ative, secured from Judge Hebbard an
order annulling an order setting
aside the injunction Costello secured
restraining the Board of Education
from dismissing Mrs. Reeves. « This
restores her to her position untiksuch
time as the suit for a permanent in
junction is determined.
Daughter Accuses Parents.
Kate L. Redmond is the plaintiff in
a suit filed yesterday to set aside a
deed. The defendants in the suit are
her father and mother, Dennis and
Esther Redmond. She charges that in
September, 1902, her parents plied her
with liquor and then took advantage
of Her^muddled and helpless condition
to prevail upon her to deed to them
a piece of property on Folsom street,
near Twelfth, given to her by her hus
band, recently deceased.
A bold burglary was committed by j
three youths early yesterday morning j
v. jthin a b'.^ck of the Southern police •
siaticn. Policeir.cn Tiilman and Tracey j
were on duty at the station and short- ¦
ly before 2 o'clock heard cries of "Po- :
lice! help'." coming from the dSrectic*n )
of Fourth street, near Folsom. j
Tiilman axd Tracey ran out of the
ftation and saw three men sprinting j
al^r.g Clara street from Fourth to ,
Fifth. They cave chase, aiid Ti!lman !
toon overtook one who fs knov.n as
John McCormick, alias B. Stanley, 23 ;
years of ase. The other two ran Into |
& cellar on Clara street and Police- j
men Shir.kwin and Draper, who had i
also heard the cries whiie on Harri- ;
*on street, joined Tiilman arid Tracey. j
Shinkwin and Draper made their way }
ir.tw the ceiler and emerged with Harry
Cunningham, 1* years of age. Tiilman
turned McCormick ov«r to Tracey, and j
poinjr into the cellar found R. Martin, |
IS years of age, hiding behind the door, j
The man who shouted for the police I
was Joseph C Platz, who occupies a J
rofim with his two sons at 3tS Fourth i
Ftreet. He had been awakened by some ,
one prowlins about in his room and I
paw three men going through the pock- |
fts of his clothing. He jumped out of i
h*d and men ran out of the room.
Platz evened the window of his room
and made his voice heard in the still-
Tjess of the nisht.
The three youths arrested were taken
back to Piatz's room «ind he identified
th«*m- He said that two nickel watches j
and a pocketknife had been stolen, and !
when the prisoners were searched the
knife was found in McCormick's pock- ]
The stolen watches were later J
discovered in the garden of a house !
on Clara street, where they had been ;
thrown by the burglars in their flight, j
The men were boeked at the City Pris- i
en on a charge of burglary.
; During the trial it was shown that
¦ both had previously been convicted of
¦ petty larceny in Stockton. Their' at
| torney objected strenuously to the
J burglary charge but to no avail. The
' criminals were convicted and sentenced
: to long terms of Imprisonment. An ap
| peal was taken to the Supreme Court
j immediately.
The attorney for the defendants ar
i gues that Rosenberg's store was open
I for business at the time the clothes
| were stolen and that therefore his
clients could not be convicted of bur
! glary particularly as the article taken
j was not worth the sum of $50.
The court says the evidence shows
! that the men entered the store with
I the intent to steal and that they are
i therefore guilty of burglary just as
! much as if they had forced the doors
1 during the absence of the owner. The
i law on the subject is quoted and clear
• ly defined so that shoplifters on the
j one hand and the authorities on the
'other cannot mistake the meaning of
1 the dscision.
The Supreme Court gave a definition
of burglary yesterday that will strike
terror to the hearts of criminals and
that will undoubtedly further the
prompt administration of justice in the
courts of California. Any person that
may entrr a house, room or store with
the intent to commit larceny or other
felony is held to be guilty of burglary.
It is expressly stated that it makes no
difference whether the criminal enters
with or without the consent of the
owner.
If a person enters a store during
business hours with the intent to steal
a handkerchief It is burglary Just the
same. Shoplifters, under the new in
terpretation of the lav;, are burglars.
It has long been the general belief that
breaking and entering alone constitute
burglary. It must be shown, however,
that the guilty person or persons in
tended to commit petty larceny, grand
larceny or other felony before they en
tered the premises. Otherwise the
crime must "be considered apart from
the act of entering.
Frank Brittain and J. P. Johnson,
alias Thomas Hollister, entered a store
owned by a man named Rosenberg in
Santa Rosa. They asked to be shown
some cheap suits. "When they left a
suit of clothes was missing and they
were arrested for theft. The crime was
fastened upon them without diffliculty
and they were charged with burglary
instead of petty larceny as Is usual in
?uch cases.
Person That Enters House or
Store Intending to Commit
Theft Is Really a Burglar
J ames W; Bollen Corroborates
Statement That Unfortunate
Woman's Head Was Crushed
Judge Cabaniss dismissed them both
for lack of evidence, tyit he took oc
casion to warn them and all other ne
gro soldiers within the sound of his
voice that the first time there was
sufficient proof before him that any one
of them transgressed a civil law, espe
cially In the way of offering personal
violence to a citizen of San. Francisco,
he would forget all the mercy that his
tender nature teaches him and visit
the extreme penalty of the law upon
them. .
It was a dark day for Judge Caban
iss yesterday. He had on hearing com
plaints against twa negro soldiers, who
were accused of stabbing a negro por
ter named James Parker during a
rough house in a dance hall on Pa
cific street. I. his was conducted by an
other negro, one Lester Mapps. When
alj the witnesses had gathered in the
courtroom ihe bailiffs turned on all the
available lights in order to brighten up
the oppressive darkness..
The case was utterly devoid o-f
"sweetness and light." A.11 of the par
ticipants were negroes, varying in
shade from umber* to the deep black
of a moonless night. One of the de
fendants was familiarly known as
"Pork Chops." Judge Cabaniss did a
little christening on his own account,
and when a witness of a particularly
somber color appeared on the stand he
asked him if his cognomen was "Mid
night."
The complaining witness was stabbed
in the shoulder, during one of the live
liest saloon rows that has ever gone
into a court record. ; Bottles, chairs,
tables, in fact nearly everything in
the saloon except the license>came into
play during the fight, in which forty
or fifty negroes participated. G. C.
Adams, a black spldier of the Ninth
Cavalry, and Charles Heard, ocher
tinted and of the same regiment; were
jointly accused of having Inflicted the
knife wound on Parker.
The witnesses all admitted having
taken Dart in the affray. When the
policy .arrived on the scene Parker was
found* to have received a deep stab in
the shoulder, and Adams was pointed
out as the man who did the cutting.
Heard was arrested jointly as one of
the men who had started the interest
ing proceedings. No weapon -of any
kind was found on either of the de
fendants.
"William Moon was before Judge Slo
gan .yesterday on the charge of burg r
lary. He is the cocaine fiend who was
chased out of. one fiat and persistently
tried to rcb another adjoining prem
ise. In the first house he left hi» coat,
in- a pocket of which was a skillfully
made lever that is technically known
as a "jimmy." • '
"When he appeared before the Court
ho was still shy ¦: the captured coat.
'•Haye : you an attorney?" asked the
Judge. "No, sir," sahl the defendant.
"Wc-U, as. you have no coat. that can
be taken off your back the co.urt;offers
to appoint an attorney for you," said
the Judge. The offer was refused, and
the case was continued until -Monday.
street. lie has the habit of going into
an eating-hou6e and ordering a bounti
ful meal. When the cashier tries to
collect Curran tells him to charge
it up. .
_ He was j discussing: the matter ot,
payment with the cashier in, Peterson's
place Thursday night. The; money
changer pulled a revolver and threat
ened his life. "TVhat have you there?"
asked Curran. "It's a gun, and a good
one," said the cashier. ."I have a no
tion to shoot your right eye 1 out." "A
gun!" said Curran. "1 was 1 awfully
afraid it was a stomach pump." Po
liceman Jim Welch was looking for
Curran on- the special '. charge of bilk
ing restaurants,, and., he -happened
along just at the right time, as he al
ways dees. -
The officer . arrested • Curran. and
Judge Fritz sentenced the .defendant
yesterday to three months In the
County Jail.
AUTHORITIES ARE AIDED
EMBALMING POORLY D0XE
Supreme Court Hands Down a
Decision That Will Bring
Terror to Petty Criminals
Undertaker's Assistant Says
Skull of the Late Charles L.
Fair Was Apparently Intact
Great Efforts Will Be Made to Enforce Law Against
Expectorating on Streets— Confidence Men
Swindle Would-Be Theatrical Manager
tries Arc Heard at 'Southern •
Slation and After a Chase
Midiii^hi .Marauders Captured \
SHOUTS FOB THE POLICE
Three Youths Enter lioom of i
Joseph ( :. PJntz .and Steal |
Articles From His Clothes
BOLD BURGLARS
WAKEN SLEEPER
SHOPLIFTERS
ARE HARD HIT
NO EVIDENCE
OF A FRACTURE
NEGRO STABBING AFFRAY GIVES
JUDGE CABANISS HARD PUZZLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO • CALL; SATURDAY, JANUARY ,23, 1904.
Besides an excellent musical pro
gramme the following well-known
gentlemen will address the meeting:
Iiev. Dr. Jacob Voorsanger, ex-Con
gressman Julius Kahn. Lucius L. Solo
mons, D. £. Uireberg and others.
A gathering which will prove of
more than ordinary interest to the
Jewish community of this city will
lake piace at the Temple Emanu-El
on Sutter street next Tuesday even-
UiS, January 26, at 8 o'clock. While
the meeting will ostensibly " be held
under th« auspices of the League of
the Covenant." a society composed of
lt»a<iprs- in the grreat Jewish Order, of
li'nai Blrith. it is understood that
tnttiiy representative men and women
if the city will be in attendance x in
order to learn from the speakers in
vhtit manner they could render such
arsistance as' will enable the B'riai
B'rith to enlarge its scope of useful
ness and increase its already import
ant hunmn'.tfirian and philanthropic
work, v . •
Hynes l>cznurs to Complaint.
7
October.
I November. I D«cember.
Operating expenses $»S,20O 77 jaU.nGrt 121 $57,871 70
Dividends \ 4S.46B 05 18,810 78| 7,754 7S
Compound Payments 10.1:10 0i» «;0O COJ . 5,«4t) (M)
Labor./. n,152T{0 R.74!) T.5I 2,232 :tf>
Xew construction > 4<),-W TS . 4S.C59 W S5.CC3 6;)
... • . ; i •
Total .I.. 1 ... I ?lC5.2n3 00| $418,810 C3| $150,104 47
October.
I November. I D«cember.
Operating expenses $»S,20O 77 jaU.nGrt 121 $57,871 70
Dividends \ 4S.46B 05 18,810 78| 7,754 7S
Compound Payments 10.1:10 0i» «;0O COJ . 5,«4t) (M)
Labor./. n,152T{0 R.74!) T.5I 2,232 :tf>
Xew construction > 4<),-W TS . 4S.C59 W S5.CC3 6;)
... • . ; i •
Total .I.. 1 ... I ?lC5.2n3 00| $418,810 C3| $150,104 47
ADVEBTISEJSEENTa
wIeIpraIseiit
There are thousands of women
to-day praising the celebrated
Hostcttcr's Stomach Bitters.
When they were run down and
in need of a health restorer and
regulator they were persuaded to !
try the Bitters with the result i
that they now enjoy perfect'
health. All sickly women should j
try it at once. Besides curing all j
Female Complaints it is also un-
equalcd for Indigestion, Dyspep-i
sia, Insomnia and Constipation.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
ICKOKRESa LJO rEIKUT E1SC3XB3XI
. A CUKE 1* *S HOCUS.
(/visit DR. JORDAN'S great£|
JHHSEUB OF AH£TOKY^i
/ £>\ ::i:xi;r:r:r.fc«*..e:t*"i,s.r.ci!. A j
\ Of 7 he Ltrcc.t Atuitcslcal Museum in the \
Q r-3-^ Vend. . t.>*ki.es«cs tit i«>- coiiirtctrrt Q
0 &IZ01 CS ' •CSDAN-OtSEASES OF MEN 6
/} * J&i7 Ft Trr«iae'-t prrsonalif «<» by ietter. A S j
v C flr ft |! reran O»re in e-rtry case aadeftakex. \ I
fi P 'f '!» Wfteforajolc'rHXI-OSiOraiy^rA
v ' 1 it" BAnnuce. kailcb rcxa. (AV I
/*. <J «'J- valuable brok for r.i»r. ) \
•' tiR. J«iS9l.\ iu>.. 1CS1 Kr.rfcftM..!?. F. r
Always. Remember the Fell /l«uo
1 f^rcmo f^y^nina
""' "¦¦' ¦*¦» ¦'¦¦¦' "¦ 2& ;
Cores aCcldmOne Day, Grip in 2 Days !
*£ (VL A
W» SiT&pTW*^ box. 25c
¦ ;-^/; -^ ;¦. ADVBBTISEMENTS.
AdvULUI-11 DCUUili fl f
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most bear
Fac-simile Signature of /g&J^g^t
M^^^^ Absolutely Cure g W IB E &¦ t&
yl^^^^BIUOUSNESS. l^A - - - _ —^
JfmjjR^ SICK HEADACHE. | | \ff ICT CJ
*7mff%r\ TORPID LIVER. Illjj B W B=a 1^
/Mm \\ FURRED TONGUE.lpi »-^ H R R H>%
Mm Pk INDIGESTION. ff?|Jii#| IS S*®
H UJ CONSTIPATtON M : %
SALLOW SKIN. ™™™»' IUHF 111111 \ "™a^UU|m
I 1% 1 1. — ' n 8m»ll PHI.
They TOUCH th. LIVER- -Imi"^
Genuine Wrapper Printed on ' • '-p -?
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS ><^^. ;^^<-> <* V
, Look to* the Sttfmature Z X^>Zf^C
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at O:3O ». m, tarong-h la 3 days,
with diner and all trappinn .
¦ Other Santa Fa Tratna:
n -5n «' for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:Wp.S:J Merc * d - «¦-'«»* ««» Vl»lla.
4:00 p. m. rfor Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicaso.
TICKET OPTICS- 641 Market St., and
Ferry Depot, S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South Tlritt
St., San- Jose. -'
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave- »ml ar« due to »rri*eat
>AN KKANtMCO.
(M»lB-Llng. Voot of MtrHet Street >
Hati — y»o» D«cx»B«»29. YxQX. — imiTi'
V«cbtMc. WiDterm. Uutusey 7.55i»"
7.00* Benicio, Satmn. Elmtraacd Sacra-
menca. ..¦.'...•.; 7.25*
7.30a Vnllejo, JJ»p«. CuiUtoca. Santa
Kom. Martieez, fi*n Ramon 625?
7.30a M!m. Ltrermore. Tr»cj. L»tt»rop.
Stpekron 7.25*
I.COa Ehtut* -EspreM — fvi» Dj.v|»i.
WllUimi (lor i!ar::-tt 9prlnci>.
T^tt'ioirs. +Kruio. '.:<• 1 Uluff.
Fortlanil.' Ttcoma. • S«»t ite 7.S5»
8 00» DaTli.WooUiand. KnfzliU Laad'.uf.
MtryiTille. Oro»Ill? 7-55#
8 30* Port Cost*. Martluez. Anttoca.
Bjron, Tmcy. Stocltton. Xew-
man. Los* UABta, Mendota,
Armonv Hioforl. Vital la.
Portervllle 4.23*
8-3CH For: &>«». \Urt!nrx. frtry. Lain-
rop. Modesto. M«rcrit. Fretauw
r.otben Junct'un. U an ford.
Vlta'tn. Itakenaeld 4.55»
830* NHes. San Jose. Llvermore. swe*-
ton, (tMilton). loae, 8««r»oienn),
riacerrllle. MarysTille. Cfclco,
Ked Bluff..: r. 4.23*
8.30* OtWilal*. Ch'n ::•>*. J»m-fUown. 8o>
Bfirn. Tiiiiluinne «ml An; 11 !! ..... 4 25 P
800*. Atl*ntJcEx?r««— Oplea « j 6mi. 11.25*
930* KIchmond. Marlines ami Way
Station* 6-5Sp
1000* Th8 . OrorUnd • LImitf tl — ugdea.
DeoTer. ():nih:i. CUr.-Hffo. 8.25?
1000* Vallejrt™,...' > 1£25#
10.00a L<5» ¦ Anr«;le» Pasaxnge r — Port
Coita. M»rt!-:ei. Byroa, Tracy.
Latlirop. ' Stock too. Merced,
ICajmoud. Freino. OoiSien Junc-
tion. n»nford.' I.oiihv»t<*. Vlsalla.
BAkrr<t9<>(<I. "U>* Angelas 7 23*
1t.00« K»Tw»ril. M'fMml War Station*. 3-2S*
V.OOf 8ftcr*men:o RlTer Steatner* fll.OQp
i.30r BcnTctA. Wlnrer». • BacrameBto.
WoottltDd, Knlsntt Lundlaj.
Mary s vSHe. Oro vine aad way
station* •!>¦§?*
SZQt H»fw»nl. Nile* and TV*y S:»t!on»-. 7.53F
3.30r Port * Coat*, Martlnnz. B/roo.
Tracy. Latbrop. Modesto.
Merced. Kresno and Way St»-
ti«B<< beyond Von Corta 12-25P
S30r Martiaei. Tracy; Stockton. Lodl... 10.25*
4.00r Martlne2.SanlUmoa.VAlleJo.Napa,
CtMiwe*. Sanu*i:.->« 9 25a
4 OOp KUenTraer.AtocktoD, Lodl 425f
4.30r Hay ward. Slin. Irrlnston, Sant r8.S5*
Joif. Mvermore... } {11. 5j*
BCOf Tne Owl Limited— Ke«m»a. Lot
B mil*. Mendoca. Tre»no. Tolar«,
B*keradeld.LoaAoK«!ea. ¦
Goldea Sute Llmtted Sleeper.
Oakland to Lot Aaz-let, for Chl-
cairo. vU O. P.. I. A> 1.53*
5.C0r Port Qoau. Tracy. Seocktoa ....... 1 2 25?
»5 30f Hay*trd. JTJlei and 8*n Jose 7.25*
fi.OOe Hayward. Kilea and Saa Jom. fl^ft*
8401* Eastern Express — Ogrdrn. Deaver.
Omaha. St. .'Louts. Chfeaara aad
, East. Tort Costa, Bealcla. Snl-
sua. Elmtra, Darij. Sa«raa>eaU\
Kockltn. Auburs, Colfaz.
- Truckee Boca, Keno, Wad*-
worth, Wlnaemneca 55S»
S.OOr Ttrtejo, d»My, ; except Sunday.... I y --_
7.00r Vallejo. 9on<*ay ooly.. ;..-... f '•°* F
7.00r Ulchmona. $aa PaMo. Pert Coata,
¦Marttaas and Way Stations .11.25*
l.06r Orr?oa* California Kxprew — Sae-
raaaento. MarysTllle. . ReJdtns.
Portland. Puget Sound aad East. S-53*
1.1 Or Bajward. Nile* aad Ssn Jose (Soa-
d«yo»ly> 11484
COAST LINE CUrfmr Uaaft).
¦ '(Toot of Market Street.)
••16* Newark,- Ceaterrtne. - Saa - Jeaa,
Fflton. Boulaer Cree'i. 8«at»
Cm* and W»y Station! 5-51»
t2.1ir SewarV.. OaterTllle." Saa Jjte,
K«W'Alniaden.Lo» G»to«,F?:toa.
Boulder Creek, Santa Craa and
- Pr}nctpal:wiy 8uao«a .: ttfl-SS*
4.1&T Newark, 8»n Jose, LoiOatot and j *8.65*
way station*...: ..."..•. I til 53*
S930r Hantora Train. Saturday oaly, Saa
, Jose aad Way Stations. Retnra-
~ ' imr rrom 'Lot Oatoa Snaday ooly. t7 25v
-Y1-.U »:00 ll:00>.n. 1.00 3 00 B.15r.«.
From OAKLAND. fc"ooc "t Broadway — +«:0U 0:41
f8:0S ( 10;00 A.m. i 1200 200 400 r.M.
CO^ST, LINE, .(Bros «*«¦*•).
. ¦ OTt.<TnlM and T»wns«ad Streets.)
~ 6.10* 8an^*»e aad Way Slationsw....... 8-30p
7.00a 8a« Jdie and Way Stations 5V38V
800* X « w Almadea-fTaes.. Frtd.. only). 4.tSa>
• CO* The Coaster— Stops only Saa Jose.
. Gllroy (Sdafiection for ¦ HoUls-
. Mi), -Pajsro, C»»trOTlU9 (con*
nectton to and from Moa terry
and Paefflc Ototp), Salinas. Saa
Ardo. P»»o Robles. Santa Mar-
ffarita, Saa Lola Oblspo. principal
stations taence Sarf. (eoaacctSoa
for -XiOtnpoe);: principal stations
theace Santa BarBars.SaaBueaa'
Tentnra, 9ao3ra«. Lo» Angeles... 1U43»
. •.CO* San .Jose, Tres- Pino*. • Capitol a,
8aBUCrtti,Pke!ncGrove,Stilna*.
Baa Eni* Obtspo tod PrlndpaJ
¦• -„ Tfay Stations i ......... ..^ 4.10*
10.30* Sao "Jose and Way Statfons 1-20*
1140* Santa Clara. San Jo*e, Los Gatoo _ _-
and. Way SUtloaa. .¦......: 7.30i«
%S0r SanJoie andWftj Stattons.. 8-45*
4.C0P Pel Monlo Kxpreis— Santa aara,
Can Jcse, DeitMante. Moaterey.
> ( »cia3 Grote (connects it Santa
Clara, for Santa * Cruz, i Boalder
Creek aad Karros Oanee Points)
«r Gilroy rof JTolUHer.- Tres
Plooa. at Castrorille- Cor SaUaas. 12-1S«>
t^tlr Tres Plaos Way P**aeo«er..f ..;... ! 1a 45 a
4 30r fan Jo«e and way Sutionn... t8.C0>
tSOOr SaniJoee, (rU . fiasu Clara) Loo :.
... PTlaclpal .Way St*-
tloni (except aaaday) „.......„ t9 CO*
{640r S*nJo«9aadPr:nclp*!Vr»ySt»tIon» |3^a*
sVCOr Sanset XimltM.— Kedwood. Saa
- J«M«,Gi:re>y.Pa'.laa«.PaoKoblev
Saa Lb1p Obiipo, Saota B»rh»rv
Lot Aa^elei. i>finia». El Tas-v
K«w UrlPaDs. NewTork. Con-
necta at Potfaro for. Santa Crus
•t4 • st Caatro-stUn for Paclfla
GroTo aad Way Stations.. ...... 7.1 S*
fi-IBjr £aaJlateo,B<resfor(J,ltetniaat.Saa ¦
Cvto«. Rcdwaod. Fair. O*ks. -
• MenloPsrSt.-PatoAUft.^.... r8.4gj
S.10r R»n Jose ana Way Statfons.....;... B.5S*
Mr Palo Alto and Way dt*rion«....... 13.15*
11 .30* stfuth (»n Priacioco, MJUhnte, V. »r-
)lO(mm*.,Saa' Msteo. BelsnoaV
. Pta Carlo*. Redwood, Pair Oak*,
'Memo Psrte. and P»l<>Alio...... 8451
aiLSOr Mayfleld, Moanuin Vtsw. Snnay-
*ale. Lawrence, Santa Clara, and " >
V S*a Josw.-...: .-;,.... . t9.4S»
A tar Morntnc. ¦ l*for Afwrnooa.
; , tSaaday excepted. 1 - " ' t Satiday oaly.
'¦ a Saturday oaly. - . .
I Stops at tit stations oa Sanity.
Or Only trata* stopping at Vaieaela St. south boa*
tre6:li)*.x^7:00*.M, tl:"3>*.« ,S.J0raL.«:»r.M.Ui
iiiWrjf, -";¦-;•¦• •' ' ¦ • "
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual opportunities fof k »n
economics] and satisfactory journey to
ChicagodEast
Excursions Every Day
PersonaDy conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday , !
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For full Information apply to er iddrasi
R. R. RITCHIE. S. F. BOOTK,
General Agent. Ccal Astent Pass't Dept*
Chicago & North- Western Ry . Cnioa Fad fie R . F-.
617 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN PRANCISCO, CAU
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
I_jHISSEjB
SAN FHANCI510 ANu nuriTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAHT-.
Titouxon Ferry, root oX Market Str*«t.
SAN rKAIT CISCO TO SAIT BAPAXX..
WEEK UA5fS — 7:30, 0:00. ,ll:0O a. m.: VZtS&.
3:oO. 5:10, 0:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.' <
Satun'ays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:80 p. m.
SUXDAYrt— S:00. 9:30, "11:00 a, m.; 1:30. 3:30.
' 5:00.6:20. ll:aOp. rri. . ¦
SAN SAFAEL TO SAK rSANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 0:05. 7:35." 7:50, 9:20. 11:13
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:0O. 5:2O p. rr. •
Saturdays — Kxtra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p.- m.
SUNDAYS— S:!)O. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; l:4i>, 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. C:-'5 p: In. -
Leave j In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1D03. jSan Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tloa. [ days. | Days.
7 :30 a j 8 :0O a ' I »7io"aT874O a
ls»::50a Ignaclo. 10:4Oa 10:20 a
•.3:30p| 3:.t0p • • B:C5p 6:20p
B:10pl 5:C0p 7:35 p *_
*7:30a | foTlo'al S:4Oa
8:00a Novato. 10:40a 10:20a
3:.*>0p 9:30 a I Petaluma. fi:05p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:3Op! and 7:35 p - -
I 5:00 p| ¦ Santa Rosa. .
7:30 a ~ lO:4Oa 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p ¦¦
I J Windsor.
7:30a[8:00al Heald»bur?. 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton. . •
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdalff. ¦ •¦
7:30 al 8:COa| Hopland 110:40 a|19:2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah [ 7:35 p[,'6:2Op
~7:30a| 8:00 a| \ Wlllits. ", r7:35pj 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:0t)ar~^ 110:40 a!lO:2O*a
S:30p| 3:30p[ Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| «:20p
7:30a! S:C0al Sonoma. |~9:lO*a!~8*:4o"a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:05 p|- 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:0O al . . 110:40 a|10i20*a
_3j30 pj_3:S0j?| | 7:S5p| G:2D p
- S.TACKS connect~at~Green Brae~"for : ~San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White.- Sulphur
Sprlnjn; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Fervlllft. for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; • at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carinbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
rort and Bartlett.Pprlngsj. at Ukiah for Vichy
¦ Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs/ Upper Lake.' Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerly's
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Git's
Hot t?prlnsw. Hilfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Brags,
Westport, fsal: nt Willlts for Fort Brajjg.
AVestport, Sherwood. C.ihto. Covello. LaytoTi-
villp, Cummlngs, * Bell's Springs, \Harrls, Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garberville, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. '
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ..
On Sunday round-trfp tickets to all points
beyond- San Rafael . at half rates. • >
Ticket offices, 6S0 Market street. Chronicle
buildir-. . '• \ ¦. ' , ;
H. C. WHITING. X. RTAX,
. Gen. Manager. • Gen. . Pass. Agt.
"" TOSMRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY.
MTLL VATJFY
CAZADERO^ Etc
i yl* S&nsalito Perry.
Suburban Sen-ice,- Standard Gaug*' Electric —
D* part from San Francisco Dally — 7:00,' 8:00.
0-04) 10:o0, ll:C0 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:13,
5-15 6:15 7:00. 8:43. 10:CO. 11:45 p.Td.*>
FROM SAX HAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily — 5:25. 0:35. 7:40, 8:35. 9:35, .11:00 a.
m.. 12:20 1:45. 2:35, 3:45, 4:45. 3:45. 8:45.
8:45, 10:20 p. m. - ¦' '
FROM MILL. VALLEY. TO SAN TRAX-
CISCO — Dally — 5:45, 6:55. 7:02, 8:55. 9:55,
11:20 a. m., 12:33. 2:00. 3:15, 4:05, 5:05,'e:03.
7:05 9:00, 10:35 p. m. • • ¦ '
THROUGH TRAINS. - .
S:0O a. m. daily — Cazadero and way Rt&tlona.
8:15 p.' m. week' days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and 'way i stations. > -• •,«.-¦
-3:15 p.' m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. •:.-,'¦• •¦• • V
, Sundays . only — 10 ' a. m., '. Point Reyes ¦ and
way stations. .• *. ¦¦ ' ¦ ¦. • ¦ ¦ ¦-¦ . -¦_ , j
TICKET OFFICE— C26 Market :it.- .'
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market «t. v
i IWt. Tam alpais Railway
L«av« Tk Snallta larj | ..'Anlve .
SanFrandsco ?«>trfl«rtotfc San Franetac*
Wedc San. ¦ ¦•¦ m -- Stm-. |W«eT
Days, days /^HHjWK days Day«.
•iTm1»8:ooa |WnrM|k» is>o5pfST$ia
5:lftp 1O:OOa *:>Op 5:5Op
11:OOa \£ W 4:5Op 9:S0»
¦ , . l:45p yStimW »:5«P
Heat J C» Maur St.U North Shore Railroad) .
OniSB \ aad Sassaxxto FJusr, Foot Maxtat 3*.
ADVERTISEMENTS*. r
H "ii-lifi^^ m ' '' ' / A MILLION HALE OLD GRAND- K
M y^gg«gg|jg3^y^| DADS credit their healthy old age to ||
g • ¦ : jf§yjS^KKf&^inMjV__ CAECARETS Candy Cathartic, and g
a ffiraKr^^^^^SS^^^. • are telling younger folks how to stay g
w \tissr \H young 5n spirit by using 1 CASCAR- f|
S iP* *\ V) ETS. That's why tho sale 13 OVER A 9
I ffiSSteh* % MILLION BOXES A MONTH. The B§
% ,j*lr^ cSlh ti^^^i J™ V8 one who likes good eating and srood H
H JfTi^fFr'yr**' !S 8si^^ J^ drinking can always depend or. CAS- |
I VlEwF &. t * i ifefr£& CARETS to help digest his food, tone W
S wsiilF^^'^^^SfJi^ l8W*f up his inteetines.^timulatehia liver, Eg
73 fillifc^^"""2£ii¥i fir / keep bls bowels regular, his blood @
H \ mE8JSB8WB> 1/ pure and active end his whole body ra
9 B^flffi^^ / /><y b«uOthy, clean and wholesome. "In Kj
% ISinflS—*^*' -mfS jr time of peace prepare fcr war," and H
a //I (have about the house a pleasant E|
« _f medicine fcr sour stomach, 3ick ffi
fl KfflBtattB-*^ ' s/ jSmfo^, headache, furred tongue, lazy liver |
1 Jt8$ht^ bad breath, bad taste-CASCARETS E
{§ gm&PriM§ffi^ Jur^ Candy Cathartic — a tatlot at bed- ||
, g M^HiM^lg^f^^*\Jf^ * time will fix you all right by morn- B
m JTOjBjBB^jy^Bi. A^r ¦ in7> A11 dru E:ff ists » 1Oc - 25c > 60c * §
H 0l$r^ S —1.--.- Never sold in bulk. The genuine tab- if
§ 'Mr m Z ? ma *fl* let stampede CC. Sample and book- |
1 a • ' ¦•'#¦" *° * ooa * > let free. Address SterUng Remedy I
I AWfSUAL SALE -TEN MI LLIOW BOXES I
I \ Greatest In the World -/• •»¦' r tsi J1'HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1904.
A doctor has two favorite jokes:
No. ¦ 1, tells patient to try a different
climate: No. 2,. tells patient to quit
thinking about his ailment; price of
either joke, $2. — Atchison Globe.
THE PARCELS .POST PROBLEM.
AT the Alhambra meeting of the California Postal
Progress League resolutions were adopted urg
ing Congress to take such steps as shall insure
the speedy establishment of a domestic parcels post Sys
tem as rapid, efficient and cheap as any extant in the
world, and calling upon the President and, the Postmas
ter General to enter into parcels post conventions on the
same terms as other members of the parcels post union.
The arguments of the speakers of the evening amply
justified the resolutions. The United States lags behind
other great nations in this important respect* It is
moreover a matter that concerns well nigh every citizen,
for they are few indeed who would not be benefited by
the adoption ¦ here of some such system, as' that which
prevails in Great Britain and in continental Europe.
By the adoption -of. the resolutions a considerable, body
of representative men have virtually pledged themselves
to support the efforts now being made to bring; about a
speedy establishment of the desired service. It remains
to be seen how far the pledge will be kept, "^ff the reso
lutions be sent . to our; Representatives in Congress and
Enough has been told of the story of the quarrel in the
Far East, in which countless lives and fabulous treasure
have been trembling in the balance, to show that thevic
tory for peace has been won by the Czar without loss'o£
prestige in national dignity or of sacrifice of any of the
vital demands of Russia in her gigantic policy of en
croachment.
The railroad man is a politician in
business and a business man In politics.
Railroad politics requires the highest
order of ability. " This is especially true
now when concentration of control has
brought the railroads of the country
into the hands of a few men. and the
remaining competition consists, for the
ir-ost rart. of the snarrinc for positions
between the heads of these systems.
The situation is not unlike that in Eu
rope between the great powers. Each ife
etrH-Jng: to secure an advantage here
»»<S aa opening there, without upset-
As this is written the announcement
is made that L. F. Loree, president of
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, has
been elected to the presidency of the
Rock Island. As the head of that im
mense system he will receive a salary
one and one-half times greater than
that of the President of the United
States, and fifteen times larger than
that of a Senator. His power and dis
tinction will exceed that of even the
Governor of New York, or any member
of the Senate. If he should spend all
his time traveling at the rate of forty
miles an hour for twenty-four hours a
day it would take him eighteen days
to make a complete tour of the entire
system of which he is now head, a sys
tem covering fourteen or fifteen States
and whose gross revenue In a year' is
nearly sufficient to defray the cost of
the Xew York City government. The
system makes no vain boast when it
advertises itself as 'The Rock Island
Slates of America."
The railroad manager, is, in fact, an
executive, a jurist, a legislator and a
diplomat all in one. There is no other
profession that calls into play so many
different qualities. He is both business
man and politician. He enjoys the de
lights of the successful politician— those
delights which attend the conduct of
campaigns and the achievement of vic
tories, and at the same time he secures
the great jrains whi«h are the reward
or success in business.
Senator Depew received ninty-nine
votes for the Presidential nomination
in the Republican convention of 18S8,
but he has himself declared that no
railroad man could be nominated for
President. As a matter of fact, how
ever, General MeClellan. who ran for
President in 3 864, had been, just be
fore the Civil War, president of the
Illinois Central Railroad.
There is another reason, however, for
the absence of railroad men in the Sen
ate. There was a time when politics
presented the most attractive career
for a man of ambition, but now the
railroads are strong enough to secure
the best talent in the country. Even
the Senate, distinguished as it is. does
not contain the same amount of brains
as is engaged in the railroad business.
The commercial career now presents
attractions to ambition superior even
to those of politics, and no department
of commerce contains so many oppor
tunities for distinction and gain as that
of transportation.
Now. considering the prominence of
the railroad business in this country,
the immensity of its interests and the
brains engaged in its direction, it cer
tainly seems strange that the Senate
of the United States contains only
two men who have been in any way
connected with the railroads. There
must be some reason for this. One
reason mav be that Senators who in
fact have had some connection with
railroads, as directors or counsel, or
active managers, do not care to ack
nowledge the fact in their biographies.
r.s it might prove embarrassing to
them in political campaigns. A rail
road connection is not a valuable asset
to a politician in a popular sense,
however powerful it may prove as a
secret influence.
BT FijaENO P. PHA7T.'
iKrfV.^r Wr.;: Street .•••urnal. author irt "The
Work ff W«M S»re"t.*")
Ccpyreht.. ISA*, by Joseph H. H >«•>*.
O" the ty members of the Unit
ed Slates ppns'.c only two in their of
ficial biographies in the Congression
al Directory admit that they. have had
any connection with railroad?.
Several p.irade the fact of their
conectJ'-n with banks and other cor
porations. .Senator Platl of Xew
y<-.r!; says that he is president of an
express company. SPiiator Dryden of
New Jersey records that he is presi
dent of an insurance company, and
even pays that he has interests in
etreet railways. Senator Ifanna of
Ohio v.-rites tliat he is engaged in the
iron and coal business, is the presi
dent of a street railway and that he
served as nn*» of the Government di
rectors of the I'nion Pacific Railroad
fry appointment of President Cleve
land. Senator Ciark says he is ex
tensively engaged in banking, min
ing, manufacturing and various other
business enterprise?. Other Senators
seem to be proud of their connection
with different branches of business,
but out of the entire eighty only two
appear to have now, or at any time in
the past, any connection with rail
roads.
One of the two is Senator Overman
of Xorth Carolina, who, several years
before his entry into the Senate, was
president of the Xorth Carolina Rail
road. The other is Senator Depew,
who takes ninety-one words to tell
of the various positions he has held
in the Vanderbilt system. Senator De
pew is, in fact, the director of more
railroad and other large corporations
than any other man in the United
States.
Railroad Politics.
To learn it correctly requires a little
practice and considerable accuracy.
When Fitzsimmons taught me the trick
it costume a half hour's steady work
and a sprained wrist' before I could
thoroughly master it. • , ¦
Here it is: Stand on guard. Feint
for j'our opponent's face with your left;
then bring the right foot forward in
front of the left far enough to bring
you close to your opponent. As you
take this forward step with the right
foot swing with your right arm for
your opponent's jaw. Swing and step
must be in perfect accord. Now, if this
swing lands on his jaw (impelled as It
is by the motion of your body and your
quick forward step) you need ask for
no better luck.
Among the many correspondents who
have written to request additional ad
vice concerning this series I. have re
ceived one or two letters- from boys
asking what I thought of prize fight
ing as a profession. Let me say here
for their benefit and for that of others
that prize fighting is a degrading, bru
tal and unprofitable trade, which no
white man ought to adopt. It is better
to work in a trench or a subway than
to enter tho ring. Keep away from the
crazy notion of becoming a pugilist. A
good boxer deserves respect. A prize
fighter too often merits only contempt
He would lead a straight left for his
opponent's face. The other would
guard the blow, throwing it outward.
As he did so McCoy would allow his
left arm to go in the direction in which
the opponent's gesture had started it,
and would bring the arm around in a
sort of downward semi-circle, at the
same time opening his left hand and
holding it rigid. The left "edge" of
his left hand would thus strlke.hfs op
ponent's right side Just over the liver.
The blow would contain mom«num
and speed and the sharp. outer side of
the hand would hurt cruelly. A few
such blows on the liver would often
wear down and conquer even a strong
opponent. In a former lesson I showed
you. McCoy's back hand swing for the
jaw.
This 'brings me to one of the most
intricate and effective blows ever in
vented, namely, the famous "shift," in
vented (in its present form) by Fitz
simmons. This "shift" won ' Fitzsim
mons the championship. of the world,
when, at Car«on City, in 1S97, he used
it with such terrific effect on Corbett.
Keep the jaw "in" as much as pos
sible. Let the neck muscles enforce
and protect it- Keep the face turned
slightly to the right, that the area
exposed may be lessened, and that the
left shoulder may partially defend the
jaw from hooks and swings.
In the mix-ups one cannot always
follow this advice. In such an event,
take your chances, and minimize those
chances by clever boxing.
I once nicknamed McCoy "the logi
cian of the prize ring," on account of
the many plans for attack and defense
that he would invariably reason out
before a fight. Sometimes these plans
came to nothing. Sometimes they were
good. Here are two of his best blows:
Leading (straight) with the right or
left, the fist being so turned that its
back was inward and the palms out.
he would land his blow, and as it land
ed he would sharply twist his hand
outward, using the center knuckles as
a pivot, until the palm was inward and
the back of the hand out. This he
called his "corkscrew blow," and he
claimed that the twist thus given added
greatly to the force of the impact. It
is certain that he struck very heavy
blows at close quarters, and the "cork
screw" motion, scientifically performed,
may have been the true secret of it.
The second of his blows that I shall
take up now was as follows:
One of the most important items to
remember in a quick bout is the de
fense of the Jaw. The man who stands
with chin and neck thrust forward or
who allows himself even momentarily
to assume such a posture is taking a
great and unnecessary risk. He is
making his most vulnerable spot un
duly vulnerable.
I do not recommend this "looking
away" unqualifiedly. I merely sug
gest that you occasionally try the ex
periment.
Your adversary cannot then dis
cover so easily what you are about to
do. He will, moreover, be confused
at not meeting your eye. For any
thing unaccustomed tends to confuse
the average boxer — the absence of a
return gaze, the fact of his foe's shift
ing the right foot and arm to the
front, etc.
Now, taken as a* .general rule, this
advice is good. From your adversary's
eye you cap. often determine his next
move. More especially when you have
reached the point in proficiency where
you are able, by some occult sixth
sense, to read the other man's inten
tions.
Rut. on the other hand, he can also
read yours in your eyes, which is more
or less of a disadvantage to you.
Some professionals glare continu
ously at their opponent's eyes. Oth
ers watch tho opponent's gloves, while
still others watch his feet. Both of
these latter classes of pugilists are, of
conr.se, aware of the expression on
their antagonist's face and the dispo
sition of his hands; both (by that
stninge semi-telegraphy known to
good boxers) have a certain "line" on
his probable actions, yet they seldom
Jnok him square in the face.
A boxer must be very sure of him
self before venturing to ]et his eyes
stray from those of his opponent. Yet,
once having mastered the trick of
gauging the foe's actions without the
exchange of glances, the custom of
seemingly looking down while boxing
may at times prove useful.
O!d-time books and masters- of self
defense united in the maxim. '"Always
look your opponent in the eye."
(Athletic Kxprrt New York Evening World.
Author of "Mu'cie Euiltlinr. v etc.)
• Oopyricht, 1901' by Jorepb B. BowIcf.)
BT ALBERT PATSOJJ TEBHUNB.
Individuality in Boxing.
What England found so difficult in Africa may not be
easy for Russia in Eastern Asia. Russia came near being
destroyed by Charles XII of Sweden, who lost Pultowa
by an accident, and it was winter that whipped Bona
parte. The Russian advance has not been by arms, but
by intrigue. Her long and slow march by which she
emerges into Eastern Asia is the progress of the Ana
nias of nations. Every step of it is marked by bad faith
and by cruelty that would have appalled the Mongol
conqueror?. Now that march encounters patriotism, in
telligence, knowledge of the art of war, a persistent ad
herence to good faith, and every high quality in the
Japanese that Christendom professes and respects.
The Muscovite faces a different problem from that of
the knanates, which have been overrun, one by one. and
quite different from that of China and Manchuria. Dur
ing the Boxer war when the walls of a Chinese fort had
to be breached with dynamite, and those who placed it
would surely die, the Japanese general asked for "vol
unteers who would go and die." The number offering
was so great that he had to select the heroes who were
willing to die for their county's prestige. Taking the
dynamite they went, jocund, to death, and their com
rades who cried "Sayonnara," farewell, envied them the
In fighting such people it will not do to put too much
trust in numbers, especially when the numbers are ignor
ant, brutal and without patriotism. Russia has impressed
the military world more by the display of her armies in
the annual parades than by handling them in battle. Her
prestige as a military power has been achieved at re
views rather than on the field. In the Bdxer war her
soldiers were distinguished by bestiality of the lowest or
der, rather than by conduct in battle. The world, look
ing on at the- prospective struggle, hails gallant' little
Japan, and commends her to the favor of all the gods of
battle. ¦ W% ..
In addition to these soldierly qualities the Japanese are
patriots. They are educated. While Russia is ahead of ]
Japan in population Japan has a long lead of Russia in
the intelligence of her people. The percentage of illit
eracy is so low that Japan is ahead of some European
nations, but she is farthest ahead of Russia. In the clash
that is coming, then, we will have patriotism and intel
ligence pitted against ignorance, brutality and numbers.
It is by no menas sure that in such a struggle numbers,
will win. We have just seen in the Boer war the value
of patriotism as a sustaining force. England is as much
superior to Russia as Russia is to the wild tribes of the
Lena delta. But, though she conquered the Boers, she
lost her prestige, and is now thoughtfully taking steps to
better a military establishment that was found structu
rally weak in a war with patriots, in which every man
was his own general. There is ever}' reason to believe
that only the anxiety of King Edward to be crowned
with his empire at peace ended that war, by giving the
Boers such liberal terms that they voted to stack arms.
For five years past she has been accumulating^ powder,
manufactured by herself. and imported from the United
States, and the equipment of her army and navy is up to
date. She probably has the largest stock of smokeless
powder in the world for use on her ships. The superior
ity of this explosiblc was shown in our brief war with
Spain. Ships that used the old powder Were soon so en
veloped in *smoke that service of the guns was difficult
and the ships were endangered. At the same time those
that used smokeless powder were fighting in the open
air, and their guns and gear were under proper control,
and capable of effective use. -
To say that Japan is well equipped for a fight is not
denying the equal readiness of Russia. By. deception
and broken promises she has made this war possible, but
by the same cause that brings it in sight she is on the
ground. She has three times the population of Japan and
many times the area aad overmatches her in resources.
But that does not make it sure that she^can hold her
prestige in a fight with the island empire." The Russian
soldier does not know the meaning of patriotism. . He is
a conscript, densely ignorant, driven to fight unwillingly
and without a spark of patriotism. ' His pay is less than
seven cents a month, and he is in all respects a slave as
signed to fighting as a task and his officer is his master.
Only a few of the Russian soldiers know the .name of
the Eastern Asiatic country where they are now. Dur
ing the Boxer war in China they proved themselves the
most ignorant, degraded and brutal troops that ever
wore the uniform of a civilized nation." Their acts were
so abhorrent that they cannot be characterized. At the
same time the Japanese troops in China proved to be the
equal of the best in discipline, in courage and fighting
quality, and far superior to any European troops in ab
stention from, the stealing, murder and other awful
crimes iwhich were committed by the Russians. . -
IN the war with Japan Russian prestige will be tested.
It will be the first military struggle of importance
between Emope'and Asia since the battle of Plassy.
But much has happened since Clive's gave In
dian empire to Great Britain. While China has not
much advanced, Japan has moved up and stands in line
with the Western nations. Whatever Asiatic • grit she
has is aided by the training: of her land and marine
forces in the art of war.
RUSSIAN PRESTIGE.
the equilibrium which is necessary
for the lability of all. This, it is need
le p. <? to say. requires political and diplo
matic talents of a high order.
Special Information supplied, daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press CUpping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call
farxala. straat. T«leDQOn» Mala i&U. •
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound. In artistic nr»
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715. Market at., ibove Call bldg. •
Paris newspapers are commenting on
the unanimity of astrologers, magicians
and clairvoyants in predicting a year o'
horrors for 1904. ¦ The Paris correspond
ent for the Chicago Inter Ocean pre
sents a sample of these predictions in
this .way: A leading astrologer named
Jacob sizes up the situation as follows,
arid the others agree more or less as to
detail: "Here is the hor6scope for 1904.
made at the moment the sun entered
the sign of Capricorn: It indicates a
year of great, immorality in London
The Viceroy of India abdicates. The
United States has grave auarrels with
Everybody to Cover.
AMERICAN FLAG— Subscriber, CItv.
Your letter of inquiry relative to the
first American flag .and, as to whether
it was ever captured 'by the Br'tish
was submitted to John Quincy Adams,
secretary of the American Flaghouse
and Betsy Ross Memorial Association
of Philadelphia, an association that by
10-cent subscriptions is raising a fund
to purchase and preserve. the old house
at 235 Arch street in that city. In which
Betsy Rosa made the first flag. Mr.
Adams has furnished the following re
ply: "The first American flag made
by Betsy Ross was displayed for the
first time on a man of war then lying
in the Delaware. It was subsequently
used as a camp flag of General Wash
ington,, and It may be stated aulhori
tively that it was never captured; but.
strange as it may ssem, not a shred
nor a thread of that priceless bunt
ing is kn wn to be extant. More se
rious duties confronted the American
patriots than saving to posterity what
would have proven to have been the
most . sacred of all relics— the first
American flag."
VOTING— Voter. City. Aside from
Wyoming, Colorado, Utah and Idaho,
where women possess suffrage on equal
terms with men, in twenty States they
possess school suffrage; in Montana
and Iowa they are permitted to vote
upon the issuance of municipal bonds;
and in one State, Louisiana, all women
taxpayers have the right to vote on all
questions of the expenditure of public
monr **. • In New York a woman who
possesses the qualifications to v.te for
village or town officers, except the
qualification of. sex, who is the owner
of property in the village assessed upon
the Test preceding assessment roll
thereof, is entitled to vote upon a prop
osition to raise money by tax or assess
ment.
"At Waterloo the legion won special
laurels by the magnificent way in which
they held the farmhouse of La Haye
Sainte. All day long that Improvised
fortress constituted the center and most
important point of the Duke of Wel
lington's army and was the object of
vigorous attack by- the French. The
defense of the farmhouse of La Haye
Sainte by the German legion has al
ways been regarded as not only one
of the most gallant feats. of^ that his
toric day but as, likewise, having been
a determining factor in the victpry
since, if the French had managed to
storm and take the farmhouse, the cen
ter of Wellington's line would have been
broken and the fortunes of the day In
all probability turned. No Englishman
who knows anything about the battle
of Waterloo ar.d about the farmhouse
of the La Haye Sainte has ever dream
ed of denying the importance of the
defense of the latter or of depreciat
ing the services of those of the legion
who held It from early morning until
darkness set in, when their ammuni
tion gave out and nearly every pne of
them was either killed or wounded."
Now that the British press is still
raging over Emperor William's recent
disparaging allusion to the part played
by the English at the battle of Water
loo it is interesting to read what the
Marquise de Fontenoy says of the ac
tion of the German legion in that strug
gle. Says he: i ':'.'¦ '
More 'About Waterloo.
A REPORT from London announces that Scot
land Yard, the police headquarters of the city,
has just been provided with telephones for police
purposes. The report goes on to say: "All the impor
tant metropolitan police stations are to be connected
with the postoffice system. The public will not at pres
ent be able to telephone to the metropolitan stations,
but it is understood that this further advance is only a
'matter of time."
To American ears such a report at this late day
sounds curiously illustrative of what Americans regard
as the characteristic sluggishness of the British people.
It is probable, however, that the long delay in furnish
ing the police with telephones has been due mainly to
the excellence of the'government telegraph system and
its well nigh universal use. Where telegraphy is' so
cheap and so ready at hand, there may well have been
considerable opposition to going to the expense of sup
plying telephones in addition. When any human need
is served Well -by some long established means, it is not
> easy to get people to make a change to a new form of
service, . and consequently a thing good in itself very
often retards the adoption of an improvement.
By contrast with the slowness of the British to equip
the London police stations with telephones, there seems
something remarkable in the further announcement from
Europe that the administrative board of railways in
Sweden has recommended to the government to adopt
electric traction on all the state rajlways. Sweden has
such vast and well distributed resources in the way of
water power, it is believed a great economy can be ef
fected by converting it into electricity and using it on
all railroads in pjace of steam. The report goes on to
say: "The present Wention is to convert the suburban
lines running into Stockholm early next year, when a
substantial appropriation on account of cost will be made.
The transformation of the remainder of the system will
proceed gradually."
If we, feel inclined to boast ourselves over the British
because of their slowness in the extension of the use of
telephones, we must lift our hats and do kowtow to
Sweden, that leads : us in the use of electrical energy.
That is the way civilization progresses— lagging here
and leaping there. No people leads the van along the
whole-length of the line, but each, it seems, has a right
to .boast of leadership somewhere.
THE WAY OF PROGRESS.
MEN OP WAR— Subscriber, Del
Monte, Cal. Men for the United States
navy to make the complement of men
on the men of war are obtained through
the United States naval rendezvous In
various parts of the Union, where men
are enlisted for the navy.
The National Democracy will meet in St. Louis on
July 6.. to chobse a nominee for the exalted position; of
President of the United States. The day was well
chosen. The exposition city will be prepared by the tu
mult and roar of the celebration of Independence day to
endure the awful row that will commence among the
Democratic hosts two days later.
BURIALS— J. S. I.. City. No bodies
are buried at this time in the ceme
teries of San Francisco. The notices
you have seen i^> the do' papers an
nouncing that interments will taka
place there refer to cremation.
TELEGRAPH— Subscriber, City. In
1903 the Western Union Telegraph
Company had stretch-d 1.0S9.000 miles
of wire and cable covering 196,517 miles
of space. During that year the com
pany delivered 69,730,866 messages.
RUSSIA AND JAPAH— CUzen, San
Jose. Cal. The total army war strength
of Russia is 5,180,958. That of Japan is
420,981.
An.rzvers to Queries.
When the police arrived, neither man
could talk, so spent was he by his ex
ertions. With great difficulty the of
ficers released the grip of the big man
on the other man's wrist and then
pried open the latter'a clutched hand.
Within the palsied palm was a hypo
dermic syringe and a vial containing
just enough morphine to assure him
rest for the night, but not enough for
two.
But the smaller man did not stay
down. He rolled jhis tall antagonist
over and jumped to his feet, but only
to go down again. The tall man had
grasped him by the ankles as he
started to run away and upset him.
.The struggle that then ensued was a
fierce one. First the tall man was on
top and then the short one possessed
the advantage. The fight only ceased
when, completely exhausted, they fell,
side by side. The little fellow's left
hand was still in his vest pocket, while
around his wrist were clasped, with
Jalon-like tenacity, the long thin fingers
of his big opponent.
"Give me the gun; give it to me, I
say!" cried the taller of two men stand
ing in a. dark, ill-smelling alley off Pine
street. "D n you, give it to me."
The short man made no response, but
rammed his hand into his inside vest
pocket and raised his right in a threat
ening manner. With another oath the
tall man leased upon him and bore
him to the ground. :•;,;.,
A Struggle in the Dark.
The elevation of General Chaffee to
the rank of chief of staff i3 occasion
for telling an anecdote recently
brought to Washington from Manila.
During the campaign of the allied
forces in China the climate was flllins
the field hospital with victims. General
Chaffee's sympathies were moved by
the sufferings of his men. He entered
the hospital one morning to see how
the— soldiers were cared for. As he
passed along a row of bunks a tall,
lank soldier arose with apparent weak
ness from his bed. The soldier. stood
at attention while General Chaffee ap
proached.
"How are you feeling, my man?" in
quired General Chaffee.
" "A little better this morning, sir,"
replied the soldier, in a feeble voice.
"What has been your trouble?" in
quired the general, full of thoughts re
garding the Chinese climate.
"Kicked by a mule, sir."
"Oh, you'll recover." said General
Chaffee, curtly, as he hastened down
the line of hospital bunks.
Hopeful.
The. Democratic call leaves the Various States and
Congressional districts free to choose, delegates to the
national convention in any way they prefer, but the Re
publican call states specifically how the choice snail be
made. Delegates must be elected not less than thirty
daj's before the meeting of the* national convention.
Delegates at large are to be elected by popular State or
Territorial conventions, while Congressional district
delegates arc to be elected by conventions called by the
Congressional committee of each district.
There is a world of difference between the tones of the
two documents. The Republican call sounds clear and
definite in every particular. It summons the supporters
of well-known principles and long established policies.
The Democrats call is vague. It seeks to rally men not
??> any definite political creed over which parties may di
vide, but to the general support of purity, economy and
the constitution. Of course all American electors are in
favor of "a pure, economical and constitutional govern
ment." Republican leaders can guarantee that kinfl of
government much more effectively than Democratic
leaders', and the fact that the official call of the latter for
a national-convention has to run in that vague way is a
striking proof of the confusion that still prevails in the
party camp, and the lack of anything like party princi
ples or party policies to which the leaders can appeal.
. Bad as is the situation in the Democratic camp, how
evef, the national convention of the party will probably
prove one of the most interesting in our political history.
The very vagueness of the call will carry to the conven
tion men of all shades of opinion from Clevelandism to
Bryanism, and when the rival clans meet the fight will be
lively. It will also be an important convention, for
should conservative Democracy be beaten this third time
in national convention it would probably pass out like
Whiggism and vanish from our politics, leaving the field
free to the Bryanites to rally all elements of opposition
to the Republican party. Under such circumstances the
campaign would be something like those of 1896 and
IQ02, but ominous of even worse campaigns to come.
FROM the headquarters of each of the two great
parties of the country^ the official call for a na
tional convention has been issued. The Repub
lican convention is to assemble at Chicago on June 21,
and the call runs to "Republican electors of the several
States and Territories, the District o£ Columbia, Alaska
and Indian Territory, and all' other"" electors, without re
gard to party affiliations, who believe in the principles of
the Republican party and indorse its policies." The Dem
ocratic convention is to be held in St. Louis on July 6,
and the call runs to "all the Democratic citizens of the
United States who can unite with us in the effort for a
pure, economical and constitutional government."
THE NATIONAL CONVENTIONS.
I Russia and Germany. Roosevelt falls
J sick and a conspiracy Is hatched
against him. Serious financial disasters
visit America. The Emperor of Japan
has a grave accident. An attempt is
made upon the life of the Emperor of '
China. Volcanic shocks afflict Constan
tinople. Chile and the Philippines. A
fear of unhealthy literature and un
limited materialism arises. The French
Cabinet falls between April 7 and 19.
A panic in a music hall, grave acci
dents and popular disturbances visit
Russia. An attempt is made to poison
the Czar. Seriou3 dissensions appear
between Russia and Austria. Great
Britain loses prestige. The campaign
'in Thibet falls through. Tremendous
failures occur in Calcutta and the
Transvaal. Anarchistic troubles de
velop in Spain, the Government being
I threatened. In China women are mas
sacred. Everywhere are crimes of pas
sion, mysterious deaths and stranga
phenomena. Nineteen hundred and four
is an anagram of 1409. the date of the
birth of Joan of Arc. Th:s year a won
1 derful child wijl be born with a high
destiny, showing its power In 1924, an
anagram of 1429, the date of the apogea
of Joan of Arc."
While San Francisco cannot have^ a building of her
Own at the St. Louis Exposition she -will have a display
which wrti compare favorably in essential respects with
that of any other American city. For our own better
ment we sometimes find it wise to castigate ourselves, but
in the vital elements of sound municipal administration
we have much to be proud of and to warrant pardonable
boast. hZM . ' : -rJ\ : r.^
"What's the matter with your pres
ent job y ? Suppose I could get you this
commission, what good would it do
you?" asked the Senator.
"You know how it is in the trans
port service. It hurts a sailor's pride
to be compelled to report to a soldier
who probably has only just discovered
that the hulls of ships are hollow,
who calls the bow the thin end and
speaks of upstairs on the balcony
when he means the bridge. I think
the quartermaster captain has the
better job and I want a commission."
"Better stick to navigation, cap
tain. If you got this commission, what
do think the War Department would
do with you?"
"Why, assign me to a ship, I sup
pose."
"Thafs where your sailor simplicity
runs away with you. No, captain. If
you got this commission you would
more than likely be detailed to pur
chase horses or mules; You can serve
your country better where you are.
Better stay."
One of these dethroned sailor kings
had a friend who stands high in the
councils of the Federal Government.
.. "Senator, I want you to get me a
commission as quartermaster cap
tain," was the request the master mar
iner made.
A master mariner in the merchant
service is absolute king on board his
own ship and when Uncle Sam inau
gurated his transport line and placed
army captains in supreme command
of the vessels there was a roar from
the sailormen who received appoint
ments to the position of master. Dur
ing the early life 6f the transport ser
vice some of these quartermaster cap
tains used little judgment in exacting
the rights their position of command
gave them and many and bitter were
the - misunderstandings between the
military commanders and the masters.
whose training had taught them of
no authority at sea higher than their
own will.
Dissatisfied Mariner.
The Sonoma Press-Democrat has
outdone itself in the recent publica
"tion of a special illustrated supple
ment, descriptive of the resources and
advantages of Sonoma County. The
edition sots the high water mark for
the interior press, both in point of
reading matter contained therein and
the typographical excellence of its
makeup. . The editors are to be felici
tated upon the exceptionally high
class piece of journalistic work which
they have turned out.
A Creditable Effort.
the matter, be 'then dropped, the effect will be very sligh£,
for the opposition to a parcels post in this country is
formidable, and will make a hard fight for the monopoly
Fortunately San Francisco arid California do not stand
alone in seeking the parcels service. Every State and
every city of importance in the Union has some organi
zation ready to co-operate in tlie struggle. If, therefore,
there be an earnest insistence on the issue from all quar
ters Congress will be compelled to take it up. It is to be
hoped then that the movement so well started at the Al
hambra meeting will not be -permitted to lag, but that
from this time on it will be kept incessantly active in
pressing upon our Congressmen the importance of the
desired service and the extent of the public demand
for it. . .1
THE SAN FRANGISGQ-GALL
' JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . ? ..?•••• Address AU Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office : <t^^^^^J> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
" ' ' ¦¦¦ " — " ¦ ' — !
SATURDAY /. JANUARY 23, 1904
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Gas heaters, formerly $4.50, now $2.50.
at 'San Francisco Gas and Electric Co—i
oanv. 415 Post street. •
George Lover, aged 12 years, living at
B1F. Sanchez street and employed at
Vanderslice's jewelry store on' Post
street, had three fingers of his right
hand amputated at the Emergency
Hospital yesterday. They were caught
in a roller press, v;
Boy's Fingers Amputated.
PJr$t-cla«« tickets between San Francisco
and Los Angclf*. either direction. Including
stop and two days' entertainment at famous"
Hotel del Monte, only $22; children. $H BO.
Privilege of SO days' stopover. Bathing, boat
ing, flshlnj. driving, riding, automobUing, golf
ing, etc. Scenery beautiful and -grand. Ask
Southern Pacific agents. . , •
Two Days at Hotel Del Monte.
"It was .understood," said President
Symmes yesterday, "that the Board. of
Public Works intended to remove civil
service employes, in violation of the
charter,, and: for that reason I insti
tuted the injunction : proceedings. As
the; board has filed a . sworn statement
that it ; will not violate the charter by
removing civil , service employes, the
object ;of the injunction > has ¦ been at
tained. ? If the . board, \ however, ¦ takes
any ; steps contrary to . its .sworn ' an
swer* the Injunction proceedings will
again : be invoked."; ; : ¦•'-' t . •' *
The suit for. an injunction instituted
by Frank J..Symm'es,«presldent of the
Merchants' Association, to restrain the
Board of_Public Works from dismiss
ing any 1 * 1 civil service employe of the
board, in, violation of the charter, of
this city and county, was withdrawn
\yesterday and the case stricken from
the calendar, by Superior Judge Sloss.
President Symmes . said he had
, authorized the withdrawal of the
injunction proceedings because the
Board of Public Works .had filed
an answer-, in court: denying that
the ,; t members .of the board had
any intention of removing civil ser-,
vice employes, in violation of the char
ter: rules, 'and did not propose to take
any such action.
Board of ,'Works Files Answer Deny
ing Intention .to Remove Any •',-
Civil Service Einployes. i. .';• '•'"",
Mrs. Angele Delbos was convicted by
a Jury in Judge Dunne's court yester
day on a charge of crand larceny and
was ordered to appear for sentence on
Thursday. She obtained Trom Mrs.
Marie Marquet on December 12, 1902,
$500, which she alleged was the pur
chase price of a lodging-house at 513
Howard street, but which, in fact, was
only $120. Mrs. Delb-s paid the $120
and retained the balar- Mrs. Delbos
was represented by Attorney Ruef and
Assistant District Attorney Whiting
prosecuted. case will be appealed
to t: Supreme Court.
Mrs. Delbos Is Convicted.
SUIT FOR, INJUNCTION
WITHDRAWN BY SYM3DES
To-Day's S. F. News Letter a Re
markable Issue.
The News Letter this week Is a remarkable
lcsue In many respects; with trenchant pen
the staff of this paper attacks many of the
abuses In public life.
The wster front scandal is touched upon.
The unblushing effrontery of a certain news
paper Is rebuked and there are some revelations
b>' a communicant regarding the Emperor of
Germany. ,*
The labor union has received its usual toast
on the jtriddle.
Society's confidential letter is written by the
best informed woman In San Francisco.
Fernauld Travers continues his letter upon
San Francisco and the "Looker Oil" take'
occasion to touch up things political and re
ligious in an entertaining manner.
The financial review of the paper is handled
In Just as able and reliable a way as usual,
while every politician will find It of interest to
read the political column.
This Journal has a great following a— ioni?
those who own automobiles, and the depart
ment devoted to that sport 1s, as usual, fun
of reliable news. •
The Nativity Church fair, for which
arrangements have been going on for
some time, will be opened in the new
building on Fell street,^ between
Franklin and Gough, by Mayor
Schmitz on Saturday, February 6, at
7:30 in the evening. The fair will
continue on Monday, February 8, and
during the rest of the week from 2:30
to 5 p. m. arid from 7 to 11 p. m.
The booths will be arranged as fol
lows:,,. , ¦/ /, ';--'
¦ Nativity booth— Miss Antoinette Draghlce
vlch. Mrs. J. L. Radovlch, Mrs. V. N. Ba
kulich, Mrs. L. di Nola. Misses Theresa, Mary
and Pauline DraKhlcevlch, Mrs. E. F. Slat
tery, Jflss Lenore Hughes and"* Mrs. J. - B.
O'Connor.-
Sacred 'Ilrsrt booth— Mrs. A. Smith, Miss
Stella Smith and Miss LlUIe Smith.
St. iKnatius booth— Miss Charlotte Russell,
Mrs B, AI. Burin. Mrs. A. Batchla, Miss Jo-
Rephlne Russell, Miss Irene Batchla, Misses
Mary, Irene and Anita Burin and Miss Mabel
Ti-iccvlch.
St. Patrick's booth— Mrs. Charles Mlcich.
Mrs. I. Tadlch. Miss Lillie Versalovich, Misses
Annie and Alvida Antcnovich, Miss Phoebe
Cucanovlch, Miss Julia Marish and Miss Mary
Sllscovich.
St. JomdVsi booth — Mrs. M. Golobich, Mrs.
J. Jakllch, Mrs. M. Mitchell. Mrs. .< M. Blut,
Mrs. C. Kink. Mrs. M. Starllla, Mrs. K. Fir
and Mrs. F. Majerle. .-.
Flower booth — Miss Mattie Tarabochla, Miss
Mary Fabian, Miss Minnie Klecar, assisted by
Mabel Tadich, Hortense Zaro, Kva Smith and
Anna Tarabochla.
Refreshment booth — Mrs. J. Looney. Miss
Emma Sullivan, M!sa Lillle Sullivan and
Mark Kalasich..
Egyptian tent— Mrs. M. Ford and Mrs. E.
F. Slattery.
Shooting 1 gallery — A. Pilcovlch.
General co-operators— Messrs. A. Connlch A
Bear, V. N. Bakullch, A. J. Smith; P. Vldar
M. Gattlnl and John Blcen.
Will Open With Numerous Highly
Decorated Booths in Charge of
Charitably Inclined Women.
XATIVITY CIIUItCH FAIR
IS X EARING COMPLETION
Mayor Schmitz opened the entertain
ment with a few remarks, and was
followed bv Brother Hughes, who told
how the Irish Christian Brothers were
struggling for the success of their
school and monastery near Dublin and
how he had been sent on a tour of the
United States to collect funds for the
cause. He stated that at the present
time there were more than forty thou
sand brothers in Ireland and some
twenty thousand of the order in this
country, and spoke brieily of the work
they had accomplished and what they
intended to do in the future.
The Gaelic Dancing Club gave an en
tertainment and dance last night at
Scottish Hall, on Larkin street, for the
benefit of the Irish Christian Brothers
of Dublin. The affair was well attended
and consisted of several specialties by
members of the club and addresses by
Mayor Schmitz, chairman of the even
ing, and Rev. Brother Hughes of the
Irish institution.
Proceeds of Kntertainnient and Dance
Are Devoted to the Irish Chris
tian Krolhers of Dublin.
Appears in Quaint Costume of the
Country and Shows Realistic
Motion Pictures.
Quite an up-to-date Korean young
man was Burton Holmes last night, on
tho occasion of his lecture > on Seoul,
the capital of, Kprea. He was attired
in the costume of the Korean aristo
crat, and thereby gave additional at
mosphere, as it we're, to . the scenes
which he described and pictured on
the screen.
The lecture was another remarkable"
triumph, and the motion pictures gave
a perfect realization of life and cus
tom and costumes of the land. Elec
tric transit in Seoul was vividly pict
ured. One thing was clearly notice
able, and that was the respectful dis
tance the Koreans kept from the mov
ing car. And yet some- have been de
capitated by the owl cars owing to a
penchant on the part of sleepy Koreans
to lie down on the track at night and
make the steel rails answer for pillows.
Holmes was appropriately rewarded
with hearty applause.
To-day's matinee will reintroduce
Yellowstone Park, and to-night Korea
will be given once again.
Dr. Dudley Tait, secretary of .the
State Board of Medical Examiners, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest of Dr.
I dward H. Anthony on , a charge of
practicing medicine without the neces
sary certificate.
Says lie Has No . Certificate.
GAELIC DANCING • (:IA T B ~
AIDS A WOHT11Y' CAUSE
BURTON HOLMES LECTURES
INTERESTINGLY ON KOREA
Lillian Mitchell wants a divorce from
H. J. Mitchell for cruelty. She avers
that she Is a refined and sensitive
woman and is most miserable because
her husband neglects her and treats
her with a coolness amounting at times
to aversion. She says that ever since
the day following her marriage, No
vember 15 last, she has been unhappy,
principally because her husband per
sists in remaining out at night and
refuses to take cognizance of her efforts
to make his home life a happy one.
She says that he pays no attention to
her loving attentions and that on the
6th inst. he told her that he was sorry
he ever married. She alleges that on
the night of the 6th inst. he said to her:
"I am tired of married life. I do not
want to be a married man. I wish you
would go away. Your going would
cause a little' flutter among your
friends, but it will soon blow over."
Mrs. Mitchell also asks for alimony
and permission to resume her maiden
name, Hall.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Ella McKeany against Andrew M.
McKeany for desertion; Richard S.
Xorthey against Anita Northey for de
sertion; M. L. Ryan, a commercial
traveler, against Maude Ryan, for cru
elty; Anastasla Hill against William
Hill for desertion and neglect; Augusta
M. McConnell against J. J. McConnell
for neglect, and George A. ..Bates
against Mary Bates for cruelty. Bates
alleges that his wife ; once throw a
lighted lamp at him and assaulted him
with a hatchet.
Mary "Pollard was granted an Inter
locutory decree of divorce from her
husband, S. T. Pollard, In Judge
Dunne's court yesterday on the ground
of willful desertion. She testified that
about - four years ago she sold some
land in Siskiyou County for $750 and
gave the money to ! her husband, but
bad not seen nor heard of him since.
unconsciousness. In December of last
year,. charges Mrs. Ziffra, her husband
flourished a revolver in her face and
made her get down on her knees and
beg for her life. In the same month,
she alleges, he threw a long sharp
knife at her. Mrs. Ziffra asks for a de
cree of divorce and permission to re
sume her maiden name, Sugliack.
AX UNHAPPY WIFE.
At a meeting of the Fire Commis
sioners yesterday a rule was adopted
prohibiting one member of the depart
ment from indorsing the note of an
other member. It is claimed that a
number of abuses of this direction have
lately been called to the attention of
the Commissioners. The following
were appointed probationary members
of the department and assigned to ser
vice in the various theaters: James E.
Harlow, W. J. Olsen, H. J. Hopkins,
William F. Hpgsorty, N. N. Matthew
ton Jr., A. Engelke and C. F. Leu
tendt. A request was sent to the Park
Commissioners asking their permission
to allow Chief Sullivan's new automo
bile to be tested in Golden Gate Park.
The contract for the machine provides
that It must run twenty miles an hour
and at leapt one hour at that rate of
speed. It was explained that Golden
Gate Park Is the only suitable place
for making the test.
Fire Commissioners Meet.
In May, 1903, complains Mrs. Dunphy,
while they were visiting the Dunphy
ranch at Laposa, in this State. Dunphy
tried to strangle her, and in June, 1903,
while they were staying at Paraiso
Springs Mrs. Dunphy alleges he amused
himself by throwing dishes at her.
From Paraiso Springs the couple
went to Laposa again, arriving there
in July. While there, avers Mrs Dun
phy. her husband took particular de
light in showing his dislike for Benja
min Sunderhaus, her ten-year-old son
by a former marriage. He called both
her and the boy all sorts of names, she
says, and wound up by ordering them
off the ranch. They refused .to go and
he gave orders to the foreman of the
ranch to put them off and to facilitate
their going fired two shots from a dou
ble-barreled shotgun into the walls of
the house where they were. Later on
in the same month, says Mrs. Dunphy,
he absented himself from the ranch for
a whole week and she alleges he was
drunk during the entire time he was
away.
Mrs. Dunphy's complaint closes with
the allegation that on the 18th instant
Dunphy arrived home in the early
morning gloriously drunk and showed
his authority by pulling her out of bed
and compelling her to stand exposed to
wind and weather in her nightclothes.
Mrs. Dunphy says that Dunphy is,
worth 5200.000 and she asks the court to
award her sufficient monthly alimony
to keep her in reasonably good style.
She also wants permission to resume
the name of Sunderhaus. Sullivan &
Sullivan are Mrs. Dunphy's attorneys.
James C. Dunphy. son of the late
William Dunph>\ the cattle king, is
the defendant in a suit for divorce
brought yesterday by Edith Dunphy.
to whom he was married but a few
days more than a year ago in this
city. The separation is sought on the
grounds of cruelty and infidelity, and
if the allegations in the' complaint are
true the Dunphys have had a merry
time of it ever since they became one.
The complaint recites acts of cruelty
alleged lo have been committed by
Dunphy in this city, on two different
ranches, one in this State and one in
Xevada, and at Pdraiso Springs.
According to Mrs. Dunphy, her hus
band, who is well known in club circles
and along the line, commenced abus
ing her in tie month following their
marriage. She pays that in February
of last year he struck her and called
her all sorts of names. This was while
they were living at the Hotel Garlan.
Two months later, while they were
domiciled on the Dunphy ranch in Ne
vada, the plaintiff alleges, Dunphy
atjain abused her. She says she was
compelled to leave the ranch and take
refuge with a neighboring blacksmith.
Attorney Joel S. Jo selyn was ad
judged guilty of contempt of court yes
u-rday morrrir.g by Judge Seawoll and
ordered confined in the County Jail
until Fuch time as he saw fit to pay
to Anna P. Jopselyn. his divorced wife,
$375 accrued alimony. He paid the
sum and was purged of contempt.
When Mis. Josselyn secured a divorce
from the attorney more than three
years ago the court directed him to
pay .ier $10 a month toward her sup
port and that of their two daughters.
He failed to do so and a short time
aro narried again, his second wife be
ing a Miss Carrie Andrews, who
is reputed to be possessed of means.
In the meantime the first Mrs. Josselyn
Ptrupprled along as best she might to
provide for herself and children, only
•appealing to the courts when alimony
for thirty-seven months had accrued.
Judge Graham made an order re
ducing; an order heretofore made by
him directing James F. Jones, an Oa?;
land express and bicycle msn, to pay
to Mary F. Jones $75 a month alimony.
In the future Jones, who pleaded that
5T5 a morth was excessive, will pay
$40. As the bicycle man was leaving
the court room his wife, who was
standing in the corridor with their
little child, evidently fearing that her
husband would make an effort to take
the little one from her, grabbed the
child and ran screaming down the cor
ridor.
MRS. ANTHONY FREE.
Christina A. Anthony and her hus
band. Dr. Richard Anthony, whose
• matrimonial troubles have for more
than a year past kept them before the
public, made their exit from the di
vorce courts yesterday. Judge Heb
bard granted Mrs. Anthony an inter
iocutory decree of divorce on the
ground of desertion.
Judge Graham made an order direct
ing EL M. Langhorne to pay his wife,
Ida Langhorne, $30 a month pending
the trial of her suit for maintenance.
Frank Ziffra, a bartender employed
at the Yellowstone saloon, is the de
• ff ndant in a suit for divorce brought
by Josie Ziffra. to whom he was mar
ried April 10. 1902. Mrs. Ziffra alleges
that from tho August following her
marriage to January of last year her
husband treated her with extreme
cruelty. She says that it was his daily
custom to flourish a loaded revolver
over her and threaten to kill her. When
he did pot use the revolver, she says,
he would threaten to take her life with
8 "chair or choke her to death, and sev
fral times, she says, he grasped her by
the throat and almost choked her into
LAWYER IN COXTEMPT.
Captain John F. Madden, the crmy
oSiter whose .sensational* suit for <li
.-er. npainst K<Jith Partello Madden,
vhioh wa? filed some months ago, led
to the dismissal from ILe service of
Lieutenant Hector Rubichon. the co
respondent in the suit, scored a signal
rictory in Judge Hebbard's court yes
terday. The court overruled the de
murrer to his fompiaint. interp»5ed by
his r.ifo on the ground that it did not
stat<» sufficient cause of action, and
also denied Mis. Madden? motion to
.dismiss tho complaint on the ground
that the allegations in th«* complaint
woiv insufficient. The court denied
also Mrs. Madden's motion to strike
out from the complaint such portions
of !t as referred to the custody of the
one child cf the couple that is now In
th«» custody of Jerome Madden, father
of the plaintiff.
Judge Hebbard further refused to
consider the affidavit of Mrs. Madden
filed in connection with her efforts to
have her husband adjudged guilty of
contempt of court because he had not
paid to her the alimony ordered by
the court. It was shcr.vn by Charles
K. Mos'-r, Madden"? sttorney. that the
money had b'^ri paid to Mrs. Madden's
attorney.
He" identffed these pipers, and then
identiiied an agreement whereby Mrs.
Clunie agreed to waive all' claims to
the property ownejd by her husband in
consideration of her receiving $200 a
month for the rest of her life.
"When did you first see these pa
pers?" he was asked.
"The day my brother died," was the
response.
"Did you know anything of the sep
aration of Mr. and Mrs'. Clunie?"
"Not until he died," answered Clunie.
"Mrs. Clunie spoke to me about it then,
and I believe informed me that she had
a copy of these papers." ¦
- "That's our case," said Attorney Ga
routte. . -'¦-. ...
Attorney Slack cross-examined
Clunie for a few minutes,, but did not
materially change his evidence. The
case was then put over until next Fri
day, • when Judge Slack will present
evidence for 'he widow. .
"Yes,"' said the witness. "It is a sep
aration agreement signed by Thomas
Clunie and his wife, Florence. It is
dated December 26, 1901."
"When did^ you first see it?"
"Shortly -after my brother died," was
the answer. "Mrs. Clunie was present
when we tools It from -the safety de
posit box."
He was .then shown two deeds pur
porting to be a transfer of property
from Mrs. Clunie to her husband. They,
were dated respectively March 7 an4
12. 1902. v.
battle over the million-dollar estate
left by Clunie she has announced in
definite terms her indentions concerning
the estate. Yesterday, in the Probate
Court, her attorney, ex- Judge Charles
W. Slack, stated that Mrs. Clunie
would not abide by the conditions of
the will, but would claim half the es
tate under the law governing com
munity property. In other words she
will do battle with the other heirs un
der the will for $500,000 or more instead
of the realty valued at $200,000 be
queathed to her in the will.
After Slack had admitted that the
widow intended to fight the will, An
drew J. Clunie was placed on the wit
ness stand by the petitioners in the
proceedings on hearing, which is an
action to secure for him a partial dis
tribution of his legacy under thfi Clunie
will. His testimony was. intended y»
prove that the Clunie estate was not
community property, 'and that his
brother's wife had waived her inter
est. , ,
He was shown a' paper writing' by
Judge Garoutte end asked if he had
ever seen It before. ',
Mrs. Florence Clunie, widow of the
late Congressman Thomas Clunie, does
not intend to abide by. the provisions
of her iiusband's will. For the flr_t
time sineV the commencement of the
Plymouth Congregational Church on
Post street, in the Western Addition,
is planning to have a full-fledged or
chestra in regular attendance -at , Its
Sunday school every week. As a con
sequence there is a lively flurry among
the young musicians that live in the
part of the city near the ehurch.
Not many'blocks away a full brass
band is maintained by the boys of St.
'Dominic's Catholic Church and it per
forms very creditably on occasion. The
interest the boys take in their band
is, something quite remarkable and
while they . do not play to rival the
famous aggregation " ; headed' by- Sousa,
they have been trained well and are a
creditable body of^young musicians.
Some years ago a Sunday school or
chestra was • organized "In* the First
Congregational Sunday ;school in Oak
land that grew to large size and ren
dered music that was quite . intricate
and ambitious for young amateurs to
undertake. With these demonstrations
of skill among young perforrners oji In
struments when they are properly-dl
recteJ, it is confidently' beloved that
another musical combination; in^febn
nection with a Sunday school can; be
made.
The boys and girls connected*. with
the Plymouth Church Sunday * school
have been invited (all that can play)
to belong to the Sunday school orches
tra and .also to invite '.heir musical
acquaintances to join. No rehearsal
of the young musicians has yet been
held. ' Several quite, clever, amateurs,
in and out of the Sunday. school, have
signified their willingness to attend the
rehearsals and to play regularly. every
Sunday morning as an attraction in
the Sunday school rooms of the church
as a part of the exercises, accompany
ing hymns and occasionally, it is pos
sible, playing some of the lighter mu
sic of the writers of oratfirios like the
"Pastoral Symphony."
The orchestra will undoubtedly do
much to Increase the Interest in the
Sunday school. All orchestrial Instru
ments will be included in the combina
tion.
Flutter Is Caused in tin
Western Addition by irivita
tion to Musicians to Take Part
Evidence Is Introduced Show
in"; That She Once Waived
All Her Rights to Property
Coart Overrules Demurrer of
Army Officer's Wife to His
Complaint for a Divorce
>
HEFUSES TO DISMISS SUIT
lfcbbard Declines to Pay Any
Attention to Affidavit Filed
in Contempt Proceedings
Vllegcs in Complaint That
the Clubman Has Beaten Her
and Tried to Strangle Her
TALEXT
SUES FOR A DIVORCE
CONTEST GKOWS WARM
IS ABUXDAN'J
Spouse of Son of Cattle King
Says She Has Been Abused
Ever Since Hpr Marriage
Plymouth Church SundaySchoo!
Is Preparing; to Have a Kegu
•lar Full-Fledged Orchestn
Tho members o* the Fortnightly As
sembly danced at the Palace last night
under a glittering canopy of twink
ling lights. That was indisputably a
brilliant scene — the processional down
the stairway into the ballroom.* "Where,
indeed, could such a scene be over
shadowed? For beauty, style and
gowning the. women who gathered there
were incomparable.
Among the stunning women were:
Mrs. H. E.Huntington,.in white pom
padour silk, brocaded in pink roses,
trimmed heavily .with duchess lace;
Miss Helen de Young, . exquisite white
chiffon, with., appliqu?d white roses;
Miss' Constance de Young, white lace,'
bespangled with silver; Miss Marion
Huntington, white dotted net, embroid
ered In forget-me-nots; Miss Pe'arl
Landers, a brilliant gown/ of heavy
iridescent jet, with rope of
about the throat; Miss Elizabeth Mills,
blue crepe de chine,' duchess lace
bertha; Miss Ardella Mills, dainty blue
net 'frock; Miss Maye Colburn, white
chiffon cloth, accordion pleated and
trimmed with pink baby roses and lace
collar; Mr?. Alexander Keyes, Avhlte
embroidered chiffon, with American
Beauty roses; Miss Barry, black span
gled net;"Mlss Baldwin.-white lace, with
ermine; Mrs. Danforth Boardman, all
over white / lace, with pale blue chif
fon knots and silver spangles; , Miss
Borel, dainty white chiffon frock; Miss
Edith Bull, spangled black lace; Miss
Elsie Tallant, pink chiffon crepe, ac
cordion-pleated chiffon sleeves, with
white lace; Miss Ruby Shaw, black
chiffon over black satin; Miss Hazel
Shaw, cream chiffon satin, lace
trimmed; Miss Bessie Wilson, white
chiffon cloth, exquisitely trimmed in
pearls; Miss Katherine Self ridge,
dainty white embroidered moussellne,
accordion-pleated ruffles; Miss Ethel
Kent, pink and white jusi gown; ' Miss
Elsie Dorr, white crepe de chine; Miss
Margaret PostlethwaHe, white . moire
crepe; Miss Mattie J^fltorij white all
over lace frock; Miss Gertrude S.
Smith, very smart froyk of white chif
fon over blue silk; Mi§s F. Gibbons,
pale blue crepe de chfne; Miss May
lita Pease, white crepe chiffon; Miss
Margery Gibbons, white lace over pink
taffeta; Miss Allan, pink embroidered
chiffon; Miss Helen Chesebrough, very
dainty frock 'of white :crepe de chine;
Miss Elizabeth Huntir«?ton, pale pink
chiffon, satin striped £ Miss Lansing,
smart black lace gowfi; Miss Parks,
black spangled net, over white satin,
with white satin girdle; Miss Mabel
Toy, white gauze, with silver spangles;
Miss Kelsey Patterson, pink Jusi, with
pink baby roses; Miss.Ij'ore of Oakland,
exquisite gown of *plnk spangled .net
over pink taffeta.
Gathered in the mapfe'room for sup
per were dozens of clever little cote
ries — clever and gay. Distinctly was
it again the debutante's night to shine.
The largest tea of the season will be
given to-day by Mr. and Mrs. M. H.
de Young to signalize the formal intro
duction of Miss Constance de Young,
their lovely young daughter, to the
delightful whirl of the s.mart set.
By Sally Sharp.
Mrs. Florence " Clunie Makes
Definit'e Statement Concern
ing Her Husband's Will
MADDEN WINS
FIRST BATTLE
DUNPHY'S WIFE
ASKS FREEDOM
DEMANDS HALF
OF THE ESTATE
YOUNG PEOPLE
TO WIELD BOWS
BRILLIANT BALL
GIVEN BY THE
FORTNIGHTLIES
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, jA^ARY R MM.
9
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Look a! the Brand!
Walter Bakers
Cocoa and
Chocolate
\ f__-- . - I, t . . .., ..*.... ' " - _r - 1
?*>~ _ , . .... .,7- ¦->;• v N -v'."^ ¦ v^s *^^_J
The FINEST In the World
Costs Less than One Gent a Cup
Forty Highest Awards in Europe
and America
Waller Baker &Co.Ltd.
Extauwarf 1780 Dorchester, Mass.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD PIANOS
AT LITTLE PRICES
Pre-Inventoru Reductions
. on All of Poramep-
Eiiers' Pianos.
A New Piano for $128 — $5 Down and $5
a. Montli. All Others at Correspond-
ingly low Prices. No Advance In Price
Except Simple Interest When Easy
Payments Are Desired.
Our year closes with • the present
month. Before, inventory we propose to
reduce our jfresent retail I stock at least
one-half. And we are offering, there-
fore, about on£ hundred and flf ty-flve
highest grade Pianos for still less money
than we have been selling them hereto-
fore. . . r '
GOOD NEW PIANO FOR $128.
These price reductions bring our new
Marshall Piano down to 8128- Other"
dealers have sold the same grade and i
quality for as much as $275 and f 5300.
We know 'of numerous homes where
these instruments are in daily use and
give satisfaction. ¦' ; , •
A strictly highest grade upright Piano,
plain ' case, for this week for 8186.
Payments of $1O down and 88 a month
buys one. Choice of mottled walnut or
figured oak cases. * Fancy genuine ma-
hogany, for $12 additional:
IN GRANDS AND BABY GRANDS.
We have a very good Steck Grand for
84OO on payments of as little 81O a
month. . • A beautiful little Pease Grand,
the "littlest ever, takes - no > more room
than an* ordinary, upright; worth $650,
now $385- Has been out on rent, but
could not be told from new; S ' -
We have also a fine -dappled English
oak case Kimball Grand Piano, a dupli-
cate of the Piano selected by lime. Patti,
Emma Eames and lime. Kordica: also an
elegant new Lester, just < out of the re-
nowned Lester factories, and a superb
Hazelton Grand of the very latest model.
- Everything we sell ¦ we",' guarantee.
Everything we sell must be found ex-
actly as represented, or money back. Re-
member the place. / POMMER-EILERS
MUSIC COMPANY, below the Examiner
.building, at the old number, . 653 Market
i street. "
AMUSEMENTS.
\Mn VJf >Q^3
ENTICING VAUDEVILLE!
Stein-Eretto Family; Stanley and
j Wilson; Kelly and Violette; Irving
Jones, and Orphcum Motion Pic-
tures.
IJast times or Howard Thurston;
Wallno and Marlnette: Asm and
White, and Simmons.
Regular Matinees Kvery Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c. 25o
and 50c.
CALIFORNIA
THIS WEEK.' GSIN
I The Successful 'ielodrama
THEFATALWEDDING
NEXT MONDAT NIQHT.
LIEBER' & CO.'S • megnlflcent pro-
M duct Ion of Hall Calne's Power-
II ful Play.
I THE ETERNAL CITY
H With EDWARD MORGAN and tha
El Entire Brilliant New "York Cast.
|4 Special Music by Mascasnl.
S . SEATS NOW ON SALE.
t*M IIMBI'A 8A!I mmm
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME
SSS= LANGTRY
In Sydney Grundy's Modern Society Comedy,
44 THE DEGENERATES"
Sunday Night — German Performance. Ala-
meda Lustsptel -Ensemble In "ALS ICH WIE-
DERKAM." . ____
Beginning NEXT MONDAT. The Interna-
tional Musical Comedy Triumph,
A CHINESE HONEYMOON
Company of 100 — Seats now ready.
a T f*\ h fT _* Tfc Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR iwaa
. _____ General Manager.
TO-NIOHT — MATS. TO-DAT AND SUN.
"Hilarity ran riot."— Call.
•"One of the Alcazar hits." — Chronicle.
f ym fr^ m^- like ldiotB.-—
%3 _rTL V—-* Jt^_ Aahton Stevens.
Full of Fun, Droll Types, the Western Widow,
the PuKllist, the Crushed Tragedian, the
Auto Accident, the Buffalo Hunt.
Evgs.. 25c to 75c: Mat. Sat. & Sun., 15c to 50c.
MON. NEXT— Fine Production of
Henry Arthur Jones' Powerful Play,
The Masqueraders
CENTRAL'-S?
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South S33.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
The Record-Breaking Success,
A BOWERY GIRL
DDirCC Evenings 10c to 50c
JrtilWCj Matinees 10c 15c. 25c.
NEXT WEEK — The Greatest of Historical
Dramas,
QUO VADIS
V%Y. ISO— PEOPLE IN CAST— 150.
'Gorgeous Scenery and Costumes. i
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
Commencing January . 4.
Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Shine.
Six or More Kaces Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P.-- Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12.
12:30,- 1:00, 1:50 or 2 o'clock. No smoking In
last two cars, which ax« reserved for ladles
and their escorts.
Returning trains leave track st 4:10 and
4:45 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. {President.
PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary.-
PattfP DONT FAIL TO
laiUWV fee the bea-_fol
* j - COURT Lounging
vHiil • ' room, thft EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
p j PALM ROOM, the
Iff /Ififl LOUI8 XV PAR-
U1 ttllU LOR, and the LA-
Hj 1 DIES' WRITINO
HOtelS ROOM-
BEAUTY SHOP FITPILS.
HEAR THEM SING "WE 1 HE BEING EDU-
CATED. •'
Beauty bound to pleass, 'we can soon a<mure It.
Age is a disease — we intend to cure It.
Death Is but a lie. artfully truth-plated.
We'll foreet to die* when we're educated.
The One Great Local Success,
...THE BEAUTY SHOP...
Bright As a New Gold Dollar.
Crisp. Funny Dialogue.
Catchy. Delightful Music.
No End of Specialties.
Our "ALL-STAR" Cast.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
TIVAI I OPERA
I I V UL! HOUSE.
Matinee To-Day at 2J5 I
When Johnny
Comes Marching Home.
A Military Spectacular Comic Opera by Stan-
islaus Stange and Julian Edwards.
Martial Music! Picturesque Scenery! North-
ern Soldiers and Southern Sweethearts!
Usual Popular Prices 25c. 5Cc and 73«
Box Seats $1.00
. MATINEE TO-DAY— LAST NIGHT
ONE NIGHT I1N JUNE
BEGINNING TO-MORROW MATINEE
W. H. TURNER
'And a Sterlinsr Eastern Company
In Julius Cahn'a Complete Production of
DAVID HARUM
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Usual Popular F»r-.'ce>a
TO-NIGHT. Jan. 23. at S o'clock.
Wagner ) VERDI | Mascagni
Extraordinary Kntertalnmer.t in Commemora-
tion of Verd»'« Death
(Under the Auspices of tha Daily L' Italia.)
RIVELA'S ROYAL ITALIAN BAND,
Assisted by the soloists. F. Avedano, Domenlco
Russo. G. S. Wanrell. G. Cortesi ana Mr».
Lydia Sturtevant-Sterlinr.
Selections from Verdi's ODeraa: Sextet from
Lucia. Warner's Tar.nhauser and Albumblatt;
Intermezzo from Mascagni'a Ratcliff.
Seats, 30c and $1. On sale at Sherman *
Clay'a during the day; evening at box office
DEAYES' MERRY MANIKINS
And a Oreat Siow Every Afternoon an&
Evening in tha Seated Theater.
AMERICAN. CHINESE AND PHILIPPIN-
BAB;ES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Mazj.
BABY LSOFARO ZXt THE ZOO I
Admission. 10c: Children. 5e»
When Phoning. Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL, TO-DAY..
Burton Holmes
LECTURES
At 3-YELLOWSTONE
At 8:15— KOREA
MAGNIFICENT COLORED VIEW3.
MOTXOJT PICTUBEB.
RESERVED SEATS. 50c. 75c and It.
AT SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.'S.
*^§||w Every Woman
if S?Bft ' W tl MARVEL Whirling Spray
VViSS^Qu^w tion and Suf Hon. nest->(af-
VjV\iG»Y£g"_aw mi-Mow Convenient.
uo— s«— i— unij.
Jfbi nnnot snpvly tha X^^T ¦*' lol
MARVEL, accept no \ '•' '£!<*£__.
other, bin *«?iwi stamp for 0- • Y>. / "iv/SlS •
tutrateti book— *»»W.It pr»e» V\ / f 'jT
full pMticnUr* »ud directions In- Cy / m ,
valuable to I.uiles. MARVEL CO..
593 N1SSION ST.. S. F.. Cal. Ws^-— J
William. Hatt*roth (Ladles' Dept.)..224 Sutt-r
Union Drue CO..214 Kearny & Van Neaa A MXt.
Osgood Bros .Ttti tc Broadway. Oakland"
Baldwin Pharmacy .....119 SUU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
sens in India
Sells in UHIltl
SeDsin RUSSIE
sens in France
sens m Mexico W&.
Sells in _f\U$tP<lll&
Sells in \jf © 1 IXmClIs y
Sells in 5 Oil Lil AlPlCd
seiis in Great* Britain
' sg-hthtf jVof l^^yer
and has a larger sale in the United States than the
combined sales of all other cold and grip cores*
Laxative firomo Quinine
the first and original cold tablet, which has won a
world-wide reputation to CURE A COLD IN
ONEDAY. It has proven the best known remedy
for grip. Call for the full name
L__i2— BlS22i Quinine
See that the box bears^this signature gZ?RIDERS WHO ARE DOING GOOD WORK IN ''THE- SADDLE AT OAKLAND : AND WHO 'FORM PART;; OF, THE
" .NEW DIVISION /WHICH IS* TAKING^'THE -PL'ACE* OF -THE \[ETERANS,AVHO /.WERE _- PUBLIC • FAVOR-
¦ . ITES.IN THE PAST. , , *;¦'. .-" \* 7 . > t.v.'r ;;. : ):¦,•¦ ' ¦¦"/ , \ ">i"» " tt ' i '¦./•;* •• -;.*¦ ';•
• That which - is affected can never be
— Mrs.' Chic— Your slater is' not going
with you to Bar Harbor? .
Miss 'Au Fait— No. Papa said he
couldn't afford to marry off both of • us
this year.— Brooklyn Life.
City Attorney Long notified the
Board of_ Supervisors yesterday that
ho would have to be furnished with
an abstract of title of Burnett place
before he could advise whether or not
it is an open, public street.
Status of Burnett Place.
: ': Mrs."; S. * I. ; , Cleve',' ; whtf v .was • married
to '; Leonard' "'Cleve ;*¦ &€ * iri^pc
itbber.''l^pp,'_flled"]a' r suit \ t p'r," irnainte" r
nance 'him* yeslerday.' ;. She"al
leges' 4 that\eyer since Jtlie first' of the
p'r6sent^year he has -not 'provided for
her; thbugh emplbye'd* ;as * a *' pattern-'
maier 1 at > ; salary/6f > J 4'a 1 day.- ;
Sues' Husband' for 'Support.
Lee Blng, one of the four highbind
ers turned over to the Federal author
ities by Chief of Police Wittman a
short t'sne ago on a charge of "being
illegally within the United States, was
discharged yesterday by United States
Coui^t Commissioner Heacock. Lee
proved that he was a native of San
Francisco.
Lee Bing DIscharscd.
t The California. Section of the Amer
ican-Chemical Society, will hold Its fif
teenth annual meeting this evening
at a Pine-street restaurant. Professor
Edmund O'Neill, who ha* recently r »
turned from a trip^around the. world,
will" deliver an interesting lecture. The
meeting will be followed by a ban
quet. • ..
Chemical Society to Meet.
; The- annual .^dinner. ,of ? the Dolphin
Swimming ! Jand?;Boatiilg^c!ub" will .be
held'; at'.a ? downtown ;' restaurant "this
evening.' . :,The ; .regular/ 1 installation', of
the officers re'eently elected to serve' the
club ' during : the' coming, twelve months
will- take ; piace. during the eyening.'. The
entertainment .will : be 'under J the map-'
agement'of ; aV«>nimittee' consisting.' of
E. H." Coney, i'.T.^F.-' Kennedy and'. Hor- ;
ace PerazzL. .: ¦;:: : ./. J.. .->.,.> -
Dolphin '..Club^sj Annual Dinner.
DETROIT. Mich.. Jan. 22. — The
Kews to-day says: ' "S. K. Angtta has
retired absolutely as a baseball mag
nate, his interest in the Detroit Amer
ican League Baseball Club having
been acquired by William- H. Yakey."
Baseball Masnatc Retires.
\.-VXeed^Nbt^Gi*aut •FrJinchises.
.'.; City;; 'Attorney-; Long ..advised ¦ the
Board .of 'Supervisors' yesterday « that
it •need_;.nof*graitt* i franchises to' the
San Frariclsco^Electric • Company and
thW: American i; District Telegraph
'Company.. 1 which^have • been- given per
missions to install ; apparatus in - the
'Centcal .flre. .alarm > station. Long, says
no . action A isi necessary than
tbatr.ta.ken .by.certajn ordinances/ the
¦Department of Electricity, havingibeen
given .Vuthorky- to-supervise and con
tf6l." the^installaUon' of >apparat\i's- by
thejtwovcompanies. . 'Ml^i^
Hanora."Daley,i who,-' acco'roingfto a
petition -for" letters \1 of- -guardiansnip
over her person -and' 1 estate^filed" by
Johanna iBqwen,'- ¦ is v an •tncpfripetbnt,'
filed : an' oppoSi tion. to.the!petiti'on-yes
terday. .' -She 1 - denies^, tliat^shfr- ia' .In
cbTn'petefJt or r in ' need " af^the^care; of fa
guardian and asks thatltlve^Bbweii'pe
tition be sr ;^;ji^ .^;j .: vZ-i^
Says She Is Competent.
I The United- States? Civile Service
Comrhission r anhburices«that 'an ex
aminatfoh" w*U "be 'held-' at : San Fran
cisco March '23' for "^ the'" position of
fafmerrlndlah service. ' Age 'limit, 20
years or' over.'- Persons 'Who" ' desire
to .compete at once apply
either to "the* United States Civil Ser
vice .Commission, Washington, D. C.
or .to the" secretary of the Consolidat
ed '"Board" of Civil Service Examiners.
301 -Jackson street, San Francisco, for
application form 1093. which should
be ; properly executed end filed with
the commission at Washington.
Indian 'Farmer AVanted.
l Tbe .••;. Alame«la. ( Lustspiel Ensemble
Ayill-rnake its-reappearance at the Co
lumbia v.Theater „ on Sunday night,
January 34/-tn -Blumenthal and Ka
dekburg'.s: comedy. \"Als ¦ ich Wleder
kamV.'; .the ysequel .to - "Im Weissen
Roes^l/.'. j More • than fifty - people will
take v |>art; in ;tbe;t>roduction and will
include- Adblph Schubert, Max Hor
winski rJr., , ITHeda Shanley, ¦ Martha
Plumhaf,;. .Theodore .Saling, Jlichard
Lenz, -Josephine. Lafontalne-Xeckhaus.
Dorothea ' Mohns.. Johanne- Strauss,
'Carl :von- Berckefeldt!
Charldtte;Schwerin,- u Bruno;Burkhardt,
Josephine. Schw.er^n'and-^Frieda'-Schu
bert. ¦• : ''.'"'¦¦H* ¦,,¦: •¦.¦.v-, .*;,-..- .» ,,
To. Present -h German Comedy.
Great Game of Baseball Is Expected
When tfic Rival Nines Clash
£*ii This Afternoon.
Joe Wagner's champion Presidio
baseball team will line up against Bill
Curtin's Jesse Moorcs, the pennant
•winners of the winter league, at the
Presidio athletic grounds this after
noon at 2:30. Both teams are ready
for the fray and a great game is ex
pected when they meet.
The Presidio boys have . defeated
every nine which they played so far
this season, while the Jesse Muorea
J have the proud distinction of being
rated as the fastest amateur organiza
tion In the State. The coming game
has been hanging fire for a long time
and now that it is arranged, a record
breaking crowd will turn out- "San
dow" Mertes. the noted left fielder of
the New York Nationals, will umpire.
•The teams will line up as follows:
Presidios. Positions. Jesse Mocrea.
Conrad Catcher Sullivan
Forsy tne. E ltche ' • L* 1 "-
Hallihan First base Murphy
Douglass -....Second base W. Mailer
Fair Third base .-..Downing
Raymond Shortstop Smith
Lamb J> f * field.* M. Muller
Cameron Center field Spencer
Oswald Rlxht field .Steffens
I will at the proper time, during the prep
aration of the budret for the a*xt fiscal year.
tnpear before ycur Tlnance Committee And
fully explain the many advantages which
would accrue to the Assessor's office and to
the Tax Collector's office, as well as to the
r-L'blic at large, were this change made. The
Tax Collector. who*e wcrk would be preatly
decreased and simplified, will Join me in re
<ju«*tln* the appropriation of the necessary
rroney to enable the City Engineer to prepare
the official m*p required. - Very respeetfuljy
WASHINGTON' \V. DODGE. Assessor.
In discussing: this matter with the City
Knrineer I have been Informed by him that
it will be impossible for h!s office to perform
the required work of making a new map with
his precent force. He has informed me that
It will be necessary for yonr honorable board
to erproprlate a sufficient run) of money for
the City Encineer to prepxr* the official map
required by this law.
To the Honorable Board of Supervisorn of
the City and Counts- of San Francisco — Gentle
man: I desire to call the attention of ycur
honorable board to the provisions of section
£€58 of the Political Code, which was enacted
ct the last eetsion of the Legislature at the
urrent request of a large number of County
Assessors, including myself, and requires that
new official map* of all citl<?« be rrepartii.
Were the provisions of this law put in opera
tion In this t:ty end county it would very
greatly facilitate the work, not alone of ine
.Apcessor's office, but of the Tax Collector's
office as well, and* could be made to save
tlie city annually thousands of dollars, in
addition to rreatly reducing the amount of
ciericai work in these offices it would a!io
reduce the number of assessment rolls at least
ten volume*, and the f!zc of those books would
tv very materially reduced.
Assessor Dodge yesterday sent to
the Board of Supervisors the follow
ing communication, in which he out
lines the necessity cf having a new of
ficial map of the city prepared:
Assessor Dodjxe Urges the Board of
Supervisors to Comply With
Recently Enact ctl Law.
PRESIDIO BAIJj TEAM
TO MEET JESSE MOORES
President Cushing'a annual report re
ferred to the 'year 1D03 as a prosperous
one 'for the company, which handled
37,000 passengers during i that* period.
The directors "closed their maetln: by
declaring the -regular." quarterly divi
dend of'5i:": '"•' • ' '. ~ ' ¦-! -
: S. B. Cushing, president; R. H. War
field, vice-president; I-. L. Janes, sec
retary; Christian de Guigre, D-niel E.
Hays. H. F. Wood. C. B. de Fremery
and C. T. Runyan. ¦ • ; "
The stockholders of the Mill -Valley
{ .nd Mount Tamalpais Railwa/
held their annual meeting yesterday
and elected the following officers and
directors: '-
Stockholders in the Mill Valley and
Mount Tamalpais Railway As
semble in Annual fleeting.
XTANTS A Ni:\V OFFICIAL
map of cm: pnivrED
HOLD ELECTION AND . •
DKCLAUK A DIVIDEND
' The * ; ; 'traps.hp.Qtjehj;,Will ; open /their
season ,.with; : a/ "' tw.o ; days'- meeting, at
the rrigleside "gto^nds -on February^ 2 1'
and.' 22; *^Th'e'*prpgram"me' is already *in
course* of Vpreparatipri. ; ' >' . .; " /;/
Harry ;Hai'g)it and a number of the
Alameda' Giin /Club" men shot over
their" Soriorria'-preserve "oh '\\>drifesday.
The "retiirns- vVere % the pob'rest of the
season," .but -"six ducks .'falling .to the
highest- gun. ,;-.*. • ../•'., „.. * „•..-»
The Cluta members .had.
a. good; Vhoo't .last s'urfaay.' 1 " t E^. ','BlaIr.
Turpiu^ bagged- ' { 'thirji- (r -flA*e\ i incluclitig*
five'. "cans.!". .1T.j,L.' H^u^t^had' .thirty-;
one. J.FJoyjd;.' Judah; t>veDty-3everi ;and;
others :io .th^pzoppcUpo. 'i In. the par
ty were L. J. '¦> : Aubert,* Jl S. Browriell, T.v
C.'yrfn' Xess'Jr:;«pr.3<3ere';''and C. A.
BenneiJt. .. (leor^el and '. Andrew .* Jack
son^ shot 'as ; "gyests'.':* There ' was a
heavy^-spufHeasjer]-,.biowirig: and" rain,
fell;abpAit''9'.b',cljf)ek.;>'This etopped the
shooting; although ,it.did >. not drive the
shooters.- to-, cover. «^ -' ; ' -• - /
On 7 Wednesday-'. Dr. _.' Parent,,-. S. : T. ;
Britt«in~"d."rid jguest.-. J:' Penriington and-
Dr.^Sylvester went to- the preserve,' but
there ;w"ere!'np\ducks" iifoving. . ' v . ,
The' open season for ducks arid quail
will end on the . 15th of February so
that .sportsmen have but vfour' more.
Sundays in '.-.is season in^ which to
enjoy 'their favorite pastime. '-' '• "¦
The season -has not lived up to its
early' promise, although there are
probably millions of ducks .within the
borders "of the "State at the present
time. They are. loafing on' the bay
and on the overflow in the* Sacramento
Vallej; .but,.of.,fedch, ,of ,the .guiimen.
The.spqntsmen find One consolation in
the- situation. , v They know the" more
birds'' that' go north- the more will
come- back. next~year. ' ' ,*; ' ' - ¦; '; ;
The men wtib'.shobt from.the blinds
in riicha'rd"sbns_ Bay; are said"Ho be
getting^ " good shooting between 3
o'clock 'an<l 'sunset each 'afternoon. The
same conditions .prevail on the east
ern, shore of -the bay.;.'.-. . ¦;¦,' - . , \.
: No*., tournament . matches will be
playejd by. y the," Scottish bowlers to-day.
The ,grass .on.-.the. new green is growing
rapidliSand'.iri-a.week or two the fol-
Ifiwers'-bf ["bowling on the green" will
aga"ih;vle r with' each other for tourna
linent^honor's:^jrhere is a singles and
als.b.a db ( ubies, event on the tapis, and it
v*iir-\be : manyy weeks . before both are
completed. . , ; ; . • .....
,• While; the; new ; green Is closed for re
pairs,* the mdre "enthusiastic players are
not .wasting; thelr-.time. Quite a num
ber ; of-, the -players hie themselves to
ReereitjSn and in practice
on improvised finks. The bowls do not
1*011 ' as -'accuVateli' ; on this green, but
matches are exciting and the play
ers are enabled to keep in practice. The
result^of^thls /weekly practice will be
apparent", when play is re
sumed: 'ThbsVwhb are "laying off" will
find Uhatvlh.ey have. become "rusty.", -
.-Such, experts as< Y. C. . Lawson,
Thomas. McNaught and .J. C. Moffatt.
the champion." are -out every -Saturday
; afterhoon, -and •"are all- bowling a strong
;game.\ They_\ym.he-.the..irien to' watch
in 'the comfng.tournaments.' .
Club : Golden Gate
¦ Papfc is* Stiij Unfit for Cham
: pioiiship.' Tournament Play
Sportsmen Have but Four More
Sundays in Which: to Seek
the Toothsome - Ganvasback-
BOWLERS DEFER
THEIR MATCHES
DUCK SHOOTING
NEARS ITS END
i Daly, a. clever artist- in the
; sadjdle,.,l5 taking."'. opT .Tyejght 'rapidly
I! and aho{:herseason v \vili' probably find
i him a,dded to ,thY training division.. . r<
: '¦*- VBell jook's Iik*^a'n hl expf6ded "pKe
. nomV- wHile Kee ; j5cksc}n;and C.'- K|elly
are; in the' V'^oufeli :iu«'k"-{claals. -*
' • .-The be.st; thre.e.",prospeets -are -Jim-
, mie Jones.: i^sxjie Colenian*. and Sam-'
'mj- Greenfield. ,V PJaeeil*. brie* ;onV top*
of . the other,- Henry'.Spehcer* the -"ice- 1
' man,'* \ would •Ibeia'bie/jtb'yloo'k ,«over
!the;r .heads. \\: The 'combirie'd-.weight;of
Hi! .three :placed. on. a'.pair: of ; scales
Would „¦', causey n,o * more; of i*a * distnrb-;
ance ; thah; : a .<Tnir.d-6tt-,e'eW; ham >>and
-egg; sandwich:; »'AH.v. three, will- Vbe
: crack • riders\ some -'day.' thqugh** - • •' : " ' '
S The contract .• on the | seryit-es • ¦ , of
Larsen 'is helfl'by 'Bob'.Smlthy.ttFainer
of Faulppnbridse •. and: -other. -horses.
Larsen especially, shines *.on ; a\* free
running r horse,' for h.e. is an* expert at
rating,- is. popular with'the -public and
is in bis .demand, among, o.whifs. '.' .'
, * Kunz.- whose contract; was recently
secured. f fooi' George Strobel by Char
i ley | Henshall,,. Is .forging^to .-the ".front/
, although his riding- lacWthe finish- of
It Hlldebra-nd.S • •' ' - : '^%-')' : } " : '; J \ '
* Tommy 'Burns, often cdmes Un 1 for;
unjust censure 'because he doe's -.not
win with 'every mount he accepts.- Tlie
bookmakers, invariably.', aclvaif-'
tage of Tommy's reputation' and.; will,
lay Z against a..horse,-w.hcr,eas^fr^some
lesser, light had .the^leg^p .the. -ptfee.
vrouid.he S or possibly. ; 1 O.kJ Jack tM&r •
tin pays; stricst atte'ntion'to busiifeW
arid is I holding. 'his '."own" writh> tfve.
younger, generation.' John Busman,
even, if „ lie, does 'not 1 place; 1 §o> rnany,
winners over t^e.line.! is , popular'be
cause tie is [known 'to'be-''alwai:s"i ( try
ingr." " Hildebfan"^r : whb'.is. s now I -ih -the
employ ,'of .ypIunger'V 'Joe, .'.Y^kger,
leads the riders in-the^ri umber, of '.win-{
ning ) mounts- /'P.ea^uts'^hasjfa' good
pair ; of handstand an I ideal
of ratirig.ieither.butfin'front'or.bVck*
in. the bunch. . ••¦ . ' ¦ »;;¦-. "v '•
.,- Qf the riders now^ appearing '.in; the
sen and .Kunz appear to^have replaced
the r old : s.tartdbys in :the affectionsyof
the race-going public^ .• .'¦•'.¦¦. '.",•':.<>
, On . the ground at Idora Park, Oak
land,'the Saturday Hornets will play a
f ri,eqdly match of association football
jhls^afternoon against a team of ap
prentices' from British ships lying in
Oakland estuary.
The* ball will be "kicked off at 3 p. m.
Henry Roberts, secretary of the Cali
fornia Association Football League, will
be" the» referee. The make-up of the
; Saturday Hornets follows: Zork, goal
keeper'; Feltan Taylor, left back: Mil
dred.'right back; Price, left halfback;
Cowell. center halfback: T. Fay. right
halfback: P. Fay and Douglas Erstine,
left wing: Shand. center forward; Mc-
Kenzie and Lackie, right wing.
' To-morrow morning on the cricket
ground at Webster street. Alameda, the
Oakland Hornets* second eleven will
meet the team of the Hospital Corps of
Alameda. The ball will be kicked off
at 11 o'clock and J. D. Robertson will
be the referee.
Some years ago the old Vampire Club
sent an eleven once in each season to
play an association football match
against a team made up of employes at
the Mountain Copper Company's mine
in Shasta County. For two or three
years past no team from San Francisco
has visited Shasta County nor has any
Shasta County team come down to this
.city. Xow, however, the Keswick men
i^have a football eleven and arrango
ments will be made for a match against
a. .California Association Football
League team, the match to be played at
Redding.
5 E. T. Hosford has been registered
with the Albion Rovers.
Will Engage in an Association
Match With British Sailors
of Ships in Oakland Estnary
The handicap doubles tournament
which was commenced at the Golden
Gate Park courts about a month ago
will be completed to-morrow. The six
teams left to compete are Brabant and
Palmer. Drolla and Gabriel, Bates and
Finnegan, Mann and Finch, Code and
Ambrose and the Hotchkiss brothers.
The finals v.ill be played at 2:30.
There will be a match between Clar
ence Griffin of ttfe Golden Gate Club
and Herbert Schmidt of the California
Club on the latter's courts to-morrow.
This match was arranged for last Sun
day, but the courts were wet. These
two players are-the most promising in
the city, and the match will undoubt
edly be interesting to all tennis fol
lowers. Griffin, is one -of the cleverest
players at the park. Schmidt is the
youngster who recently won the second
class at the club without losing a set.
He is rather erratic in his play, but
liis clubmales think he will bsat Griffin
without much difficulty. The park
players are equally confident that Grif
fin will win and will be on hand, to give
him encouragement and support. ¦
The biff event for next week .will. ba
the interclub tournament between nine
teams from' .the" California -CJub arul.
nine from the Golden Gate Tennis Club.
It will be played on the courts of the,
former club. This event attracted but
little attention at first, as the Califor
nia Club men cc-nsidered -they ."but
classed their opponents too . much *to
make much of a contest possible.- -ft
has developed that the park players
consider they have as good'lf notta
better chance of winning than the Ca'li
fornla Club men. The Golden -Gate*
Club members concede the first four
matches to the rival club, but" claim,
they can win the next four. " / ,'"
The Golden Gate Club will be rep
resented as- follows: ; Baker brothers.
Carl Gardner and Charles Dunlap.
Clarence Griffin and C* Foley, "WV Frost
and N. Ambrose, George -Janes and H.
Russell. Hotchkiss brothers, G. iBates;
and E. Finnegan, H. 'Mann "and {'-gJ-
Finch and.C. S.Gayness and. J., Lewis.;
The California Club .teams have not
been made J up. but - 'will' be picked
from the following men: J. D. Mac-
Gavin, Will: Allen, J. S. -Tobin." Will
Taylor. F/S. -Mitchell, W. "< B.* Collier".
Dr. Hill, Dr. McChesney, Frank String
ham, ,. Sidney, .Salisbury,' ¦•Herbert
Schmidt, O. J. Smith, G.;M. Smith, Ray
Cowell/. Ray Splivalo, Herbert Long.
A- E. Beyf uss. Dawd Badwln and *.W.'
Page. ; '.' ;
The most heavily handicapped teams
will be J. D. MacGavin and Miss Ethel
Ratcliffe and Will Allen and Miss Haze!
Hotchkiss. They will probably be "flf
teen"back of scratch. Miss Mary Rat
cliffe and Frank Stringham will be- a
trifle below scratch. Miss Bessie Val
leau and Herbert Schmidt, Miss Ethel
Smith and Chester." Smith, Miss. Ellen
Page and Ray Cowell will be placed
either at scratch or a little above. Miss
Alicia Mills and Harry Rojfe will prob
ably receive 2-6 from these teams. It
is expected that Miss Hunter and
Frank Mitchell will enter, in which
case they would in all probability play
on the mark with Miss Ratcliffe and
Stringham
About a dozen teams have already
entered and several more are expected
to do so this morning. The tourna
ment committee will nave its % hands
full when it undertakes to handicap
the teams. Much thought has , been
given the matter and it is expected. the
matches in most cases will be close. -
The inclement weather has interfered
with the schedule of the tennis play
ers and they have many, matches and
tournaments to play. The most im
portant event this week is the handi
cap mixed doubles tournament to be
played on the California Club courts
at Scott and Bush streets this after
noon. Play will be called promptly at
2 o'clock. ... •
SATURDAY HORNETS
TO PLAY FOOTBALL
Tennis Players "Will Meet in
a Mixed Event To-Day on
the California Glub Grounds
DOUBLE TOURNEY
ON THE COURTS
There will '<e an opposition ticket,
which will be headed by. W. G. Morrow
for commodore. As owner of the sloop
Challenger, which he steered to victory
over the sloop Harpoon in the race held
in 1902 for the San Francisco perpetual
challenge cup, W. C. Morrow will com
mand many votes. He has for several
year«= d .st ben an active and promi
nent member of the club, having filled
the o^ces of port captain and financial
secretary and has been a member of
the regatta committee. He was largely
instrumental in setting the plans for
the *-'oop Challenger and in procuring
the funds necessary for her construc
tion and equipment. As a r: ' lent of
Sausalito he has Interested many of the
Tvell-known people of the town in the
prosperity and welfare of the club.
¦As it is probable the opposition ticket
will coniprise several names on the reg
ular ticket, the principal object of con
test will be the office of commodore.
Many yachtsmen think that the com
modore's flag is a proper reward for a
man who has been attentive to his
duties as vice commodore and is ambi
tious to attain the highest office in the
gift of a yacht club.
The annual meeting of members of
the Corinthian Yacht Club and the
election of officers to serve during the
coming year will take place next Wed
nesday evening in Red Men's Hall,
Bush street. The regular ticket, as
made up by the nominating committee,
will be elected, as it is the custom of
Corinthian nominating committees to
name candidates upon whom the mem
bers will unite. Occasionally a show is
made of putting up an opposition candi
date or two, b-Jt this is done with the
Idea of creating a little fun and keeping
things alive rather than with any
cerious intent. The practice of lntro-_
ducins amendments (which had no
chance of being passed) to the constitu
tion and by-laws has fallen into well
deserved desuetude.
Nearly all of the foregoing candidates
on the reprular ticket are yacht owners
or well-known members of the club.
A. C. Lee, now vice commodore of the
San Francisco Yacht Club, was former
ly vice commodore of the California
Yacht Club. He owns the small sloop
Furprise and is part owner of the sloop
Ariel, one of the largest single-stick
pleasure craft on San Francisco Bay.
11. H. Jenness, candidate for the office
cf vice commodore, ".as recording sec
retary of the club several years ago
and is part owner of the large sloop
Nellie. W. H. Gray, candidate for re
cording secretary, sails on the sloop
Halcyon. A. G. A. Mueller Is the pres
ent holder of the office^of financial sec
retary and has been exceedingly active
in improving the clubhouse at Sausalito
end a hard worker for the success of
entertainments given for the benefit of
the club. F. A. Rbbblns, candidate for
treasurer, is the owner of the launch
Rob Roy and the incumbent of the office
for which he has been nominated. Dan
Miller, candidate for port captain, is
owner of the launch Kitty M. F.
Raisch, candidate for the office of
measurer, is owner of the fine gasoline
launch Edwinna.
Dr. T. I* Hill, James Logan and F.
II. Andrews, the committee recently
elected to prepare the regular ticket
for the annual election of officers of the
San Francisco Tacht Club, which will
take place on the second Wednesday In
February, have completed their task.
The following candidates for the va
rious offices have been chosen: For
commodore, A. C. Lee; vice commo
dore, H. H. Jenness; recording secre
tary. W. H. Gray; financial secretary,
A. G. A. Mueller; treasurer. F. A. Rob
bins; port captain. Dan Miller; meas
urer, F. Raisch.
At Union Park a total of twenty
two courses will be run. The first
brace of greyhounds will go to the
slips upon the arrival of the 10:15 a*
m. train. There will also be a special
train at 1 o'clock. Tha likely winners
In the first round look to be:
Snapper Garrison. Lily Wright. Th^ Referee.
Mount Rose, Sempronius. Our Motto. Ml
Amigo. Van Alba. Racing Auto. Fenll. Ion*
Hill, I'eDPcr Hill. J E H. Duhallow. Palo
Altt., Eastlake. Orsina. Melrose. Cubanola.
Ragtime, Advertiser. Bland Beauty. Path
finder. Don FVdro. John Ileenan. Clarice. Hap
hazard. Donnybrook. Vandal. Irvtn>ston. Tra
lee. Ruby Sankey. Sir Pasha. Rector. Fair
Tralee. Sea Lion. Woodland Belle.
T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy was in
jured recently while in training. He
stepped on a sharp shell while run
ning on the beach and cut his foot
severely. This will keep him out of
the running for some weeks.
L. Lagamosino has had his trainer's
license revoked by the management
of Union Park. He is accused of hav
ing used insulting language to Judge
Reilly on the field.
Tim Sullivan has -announced that
he will sell his kennel this afternoon
at Union Park.
For the first time in years the
coursing at both parks will be limited
to one day this week. The entries at
r-'.i parks include 136 greyhounds,
less than one-tenth of those owned in
this district. This means that there
will be a decided improvement in the
quality of the sport, as the entries of
only the higher class coursers will be
received hereafter. The running at
Ingleside to-morrow will commence at
10 o'clock. The likely winners look,
to be:
Frisky Barbara, Glaucus. Flora Belle. Black
Cocn. Joe Pasha. Crawford Bell«. Texas Bet
ty, Intruder. Bocts. Pasha Pleasant. Firm
Fellow. RaKgtd Actor. Menlo Prince. J-**!*
Dear, Bob IS. Roy Hugh!*. Troublesome. Cres
wick. Fannie Hughh?. Clover Blossom. Jer
ry Wrlzht. It?d Pepper. Royal Friend.
Rich Argosy. Full Mcen, General De-wet.
, «olden Rule. Prometheus, Homer Boy. Vlklss.
Frisky Boy. Odd Eyes. -'.,*•
F. Shultis, who owned the ill-fated
Special, has bought Reckless Acrobat
from James Sweeney.
The Mississippi Valley Futurity for
this year closed with a total of 209
entries. Kansas heads the list with
sixty-nine nominations. California has
six candidates. E. M. Kellogg names
three of these. John Sutton two and
J. T. McCarthy one.
From the advance proofs of volume
nine of the American Greyhound Stud
book now being compiled by Peer Tif
fany. George Nethercott's PocatelH
stands out as the world's greatest
courser. The son of Emln Pasha-LJt
tle Wonder is credited with having
won eight stakes, or about forty-five
individual races, during last year.
Had coursing been promoted on the
same scale as In former years n»
would undoubtedly have rolled up a
sensational list of victories, as he was
winning at the rate of two stakes each
month, these 'being his only starts.
Palo Alto and Sacramento Boy each
won eight stakes in a season that ex
tended over eighteen months Instead
of the twelve in which Pocatelli's rec
ord was made. No English greyhound
has ever equaled these performances,
the sport being promoted there only a
few months in each year.
Full Moon is second on the list of
winning hounds, having placed seven
stakes to the credit of his owner.
Rubber Ankles la third with five vic
tories.
Four Futurity stakes for greyhounds
will be run in the West this year. One
will be promoted In this city by tha
Interstate Coursing Club. There will
bj similar stakes at Los Angeles and
Butte in addition to the Mississippi
Valley Futurity. There have been an
unusual number of January litters
registered with the California Coursing
Committee, the breeders apparently
having in view these rich events.
Opposition Will Be Headed by
W. G. Morrow, the Skipper of
the Cup Winner, Challenger
Owners Apparently Have in
View RichFuturities,Foar of
Which Will Be Ran This Year
ELECTION TO BE LIVELY
NEW PUPPY REGISTRATIONS
Vice Commodore Lee Selected as
Candidate for Commodore of
Pioneer Yacht Club on Bay
George Xethcrcott's PocatelH
Leads All Competitors With
Eight Stakes to His Credit
SAN FRANCISCO
SAILORS CHOOSE
REGULAR TICKET
COAST HOUND
PROVES WORLD'S
BEST COURSER
CLEVER JOCKEYS COMING UP TO TAKE THE PLACE OF OLD FAVORITES WITH THE PUBLIC
THE ;SAN//FRA^ei5GO:-;GAIX.^SATURPAY:-TANUARY^23,. .190*.
10Several of the directors of the Sail
ors' Home waited on Mayor Schmitz
yesterday at his invitation to give In
formation as to the conduct of the In
stitution. Senator Perkins had asked
the Mayor to secure the information
for use in the investigation now before
Congress. --
Tell About Sailors' Home.
Professor Frank Angell of Stanford
University delivered the third of (t
course of I*ane lectures at Cooper Med
ical College last night on "Sleep and
Dreams." The professor gave an elab
orate description of the causes and
varieties of dreams, and demonstrated
the effect of sleep on different persona
with different habits and occupations.
Speaks on Sleep and Dreams.
Sergeant Donovan and a posse of
officers raided a notorious resort for
crooks at Vallejo . street and Pinkney
place last night and\ arrestfd nine
young men, who are said to be re
sponsible for many burglaries recently
committed about town. The men under
arrest are Joe Amoroso. Joe Valala, C.
Cassino, Fred Pollack, John Shea,
Raymond Gallego, Fred Perata, Teddy
Marxen and Edward Ferrall.
The officers have' been watching the
place for some time and are sure that
they have landed a band of desperate
thieves behind the bars. Soon after
the raid Patrolman O'Connor captured
Charles Winkler and Willie Block and
booked them for a public institution.
Both are mere boys, but they are sus
pected of having robbed several fac
tories around Xorth Beach.
Xinc Alleged Young Crooks Captured
by Posse of Officers and Placed
Behind Prison Bars.
POLICE RAID NOTORIOUS
RESORT OF CRIMINALS
OAKLAND, Jan. 22. — The first of
the series of lectures for the children
of the public schools on subjects per
taining to sanitary conditions . neces
sary for the preservation of health,
which has been arranged by the Board
of Health, will be given at 3 p. m. on
Thursday, February 5. at the Com
mon School assembly hall. The lec
ture will be given by Dr. J. Hamilton
Todd. and the subject will be "Pres
ent Health Ordinances."
Will Besin Scries of Lectures.
Catcher. McClun*c and Langan: pitcher. Jor
dan: nr«t baie. HarroH; second base. An
thony and Thcmpson: third base, Kady; short
stop. HoDklnn and Baker; left field. Ghirar
delli; center field. Schnoble and O'Connor; r:»»t
Held. Richardson and Thompson.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— The members
of the Oakland High School track team
have begun active training. The fol
lowing are the most likely candidates
for the team of 1904:
"Walker, Sites. McXamara, Sheehan, Ve«p»r,
Middleton. Scupham. Rice and Salinger for th»
sprints: Caldwell. Shiney. Sprarje. McBain.
Hassard and Schnoble for the distance «v»nts:
Melvln. Dozl^r, Hutchlnson for the hurdles
and Jumas: Bramhall. Coyne. Shay and Hook
for the welKbts. Besides these the following
are training: Casey. Hurt. Hatfleld. Blowj-kt.
Kins. Kutz. Gill. Grayson. Stark. Orceley.
Hall. Hildebrand. Britton. Johnson. Boynton.
Raphael. Fickes. Keyes, HU1. Sturtevant. Fln
nlgan. Harris*. Johnson. Barton. Otero. Arnold,
Tompkins. Kin*. Baxter. Todd. Kltchner.
Brooks. Becker. Kieltar. Anderson, Stow, Mai
den. Altoff and Roberts.
The following candidates for the
baseball team are practicing:
High School Athletes in Training.
The funeral will be held on Monday,
the interment being at 1 o'clock, at Cy
press Lawn Cemetery. Friends from
this city will leave here on the 11:50
train from Third and Townsend streets
and will meet the funeral train from
Palo Alto at the cemetery.
Mr. Kolb was but 40 years of age and
leaves a wife and five children. The
oldest of these is a boy of 14 years, and
the youngest a baby of 10 months.
Mr. Kolb was the leader of the
Olympic Athletic Club for several years
at the time the organization had the
greatest collection of both indoor and
outdoor athletes in Its history. He
came to the club from the Eintracht
Vereln, and at once took a. prominent
part in its exhibitions. He was a bril
liant performer on the gymnasium ap
paratus, but gained the highest honors
as a wrestler. He succeeded Jules Tib
bets, who retired undefeated, as the
coast heavyweight champion, us Un
gerrnan was his most formidable rival,
and they engaged in many memorable
battles on the mat.
About a year ago Mr. Kolb suffered
a nervous collapse, brought on by too
close application to business. Although
he abandoned the active life to which
he had been accustomed, the rest did
not bring him the wished-for relief.
r. -Edward * A. Kolb, one of the most
kno\yn.-,bf the younger genera
tion of merchants of this city, passed
away unexpectedly yesterday at his
country home, in Palo Altoi Although
much concern was felt for him by his
family for many months, both they and
his host, of friends were inexpressibly
shocked by his untimely death.
As a member of the firm of Kolb &
Denhard, the title of which was
changed to E. A. Kolb (Inc.) about a
year ago, Mr. Kolb was known through
out the State. He was an expert on
wines, and built up a big business by
his untiring energy and by his big
warm-hearted manner. He was first
employed as a cellarman'by Kohler &
Van Bergen, and worked himself up
until he had mastered the business.
Sixteen years ago he formed a part
nership-with his brother-in-law, Her
man Denhard. at 422 Montgomery
avenue. The place at once became a
rendezvous for yachtsmen and other
sportsmen. The business thrived, and
some years since Mr. Kolb was able to
gratify a long cherished ambition. The
store in which he had started as a boy
became vacant through the removal of
Kohler & Van Bergen, and his firm at
once moved in.
STOCKTON POLICE STOP
NEILL- WILLIAMS FIGHT
Referee McDcvltt Declares it "Xo
Contest" nnd Then Decides
In Fnvor of Xeill. .
STOCKTON, Jan. 22.— The best and
fastest fight ever seen here was marred
to-night by the tangled decision Ref
eree James McDevitt of San Fran
cisco rendered. Al Neill of San Fran
cisco and Kid Williams of Stockton put
up a hurricane fight for eleven rounds
before the new San Joaquin Club. For
about seven rounds it was give and
take, but Neill finally floored the Kid
and had him going. Suddenly Wil
liams cut in and all but put Neill
away. For two rounds it seemed a
case of which would fall to the . floor
first, they fought so fast and were so
groggy. In the tenth round the bell
saved Williams and he was in bad
shape when he toed the mark in the
eleventh round.', Neill knocked him
down, and the police stopped the event.
McDevitt declared It no contest, but
later under pressure gave Neill the
decision. All bets are hung up and
there is no end of controversy.
Sproat's Bail Reduced.
Judge Murasky yesterday heard a
petition -for the release on a writ of
habeas corpus of E. S. Sproat of
Sproat's market, who was recently ar
rested oii a charge of attempting to
defraud his creditors. The release was
sought, on the ground, that Sproat's
bail, fixed at $4 0,000 by^ the commit
ting magistrate, was excessive. Judge
Murasky- reduced the grocer's bail to
$7600. ' . '
President Williams . stated yesterday
that he visited Los Angeles at. the invi
tation of Epes Randolph, president of
the Ascot ; Park Association, to talk
over ' iracirig matters. •_ He was ; much
pleased "with the. racing therej but said
nothing of any, turf deal. ..
Sha y , to Play in St. Louis.
; ST. LOUIS. .Jan. 22.— Dan V Shay,
who played shortstop last year, with
San* Francisco, -will play the same po
sition next'season in the St. Louis Na
tional League, Clubl The contract was
signed here ;to-day.
WIDELY KNOWN. MERCHANT AND SPORTSMAN. WHOSE DEATH
.COMES AS A PERSONAL BLOW TO A HOST OF FRIENDS IN ALL
WALKS 'OF LIFE.
The utility of the wheel has revived
interest in as a measure of .ready lo
comotion, and there is a noticeable stir
in trade circles.
The main topic discussed was the
betterment of the streets and highways
throughout the State. Committees
were appointed in each city to create
public interest in the subject of good
roads. The committee for this city is
I. P. Allen and Joseph Holle.
The members of the California State
Cycle Board of Trade are jubilant over
the success of their third annual con
vention, which was held recently in
Oakland. There were more than a hun
dred delegates In attendance, represent
ing cities throughout the coast from
Portland to San Diego. Los Angeles
sent six delegates.
The officers elected were: W. J. Ken
ny, State president, re-elected for third
term; P. L. Lyons of Los Angeles, vice
president: H. L. Smith of San Jose, sec
retary, and J. A. Desimone of San Jose
treasurer.
Coast Plan a Comprehensive
Campaign of Education.
Representatives From Throughout the
CYCLE DEALERS MEET
TO DISCUSS GOOD ROADS
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 22.
— Ira W. Swain was elected captain of
the freshman baseball team this after,
noon. He will lead the squad through
the series of Interclass championship
games which will ba played next week.
Swain was a player on the Palo Alto
High School team before he entered
the University.
Manager Cowden and Coach Charlie
Doyle have arranged a schedule of pre
liminary games for the varsity base
ball squad prior to the Intercollegiate
contest. The Cardinal squad will be
given a hard training season In order
to pick out the best material. The
schedule of games follows:
January 30— Stanford vs. St. Mary'*.
February 6 — Stanford vs. Independents.
February 13 — Varsity v«. Santa Clara.
February 2O— Varsity vs. Independent*.
February 2T— Varsity vs. Santa Clara,
March 5 — Varsity vs. Independent;*.
March 12— Varsity vs. Santa Clara.
March 19 — Varsity vs. Independent*.
April 2 — Varsity vs. California.
April 9 — Varsity vs. California.
Ira Swain, Former Palo Alto
High School Player, Is to-
Lead Second Team on field
FRESHMEN ELECT CAPTAIN
Coach Announces the Schedule
for Varsity Games During
the Approaching" Season
STANFORD NINE
WILL BE ACTIVE
ON THE FIELD
MILWAUKEE, Jan. 22.— Charles
Xeary of Milwaukee and. Aurello Her
rera of California' fougrit six. rounds
to-night to a draw before the Mil
waukee Boxing Club. In the first
round Herrera chopped Neary's face
with straight punches and left hooks,
drawing blood. In the second Neary
began strongly, but hooks, uppercuts
and Jabs from Herrera- gave the Mex
ican a decided advantage. Hefrera
began to mix in the third, but Neary
proved the better at in-fighting, vin
the fourth the fighting was chiefly fat
long range, Neary forcing, but Her
rera maintained ;• his advantage. ' " The
fifth and sixth rounds were rather
tame.' " '. ¦
Another Draw for Hero-era,
OAKLAND, Jan. 22.— The Board
of Police and Fire Commissioners
decided this afternoon to take
action at its next meeting, on the
29th Inst., to limit the number of box
ing contests In this city. Secretary W.
B. Fawcett was instructed to notify
the managers of the Reliance Athletic
Club, the West Oakland Athletic Club
and the Sequoia Athletic Club, to be
present at that meeting when they
will ba heard on the subject. The trend
of the board's discussion to-day was in
favor of cutting down the issuance of
permits for contests to one a month.
The Reliance Athletic Club was
granted permission to postpone its con
test from the 21st inst. to the, 27th, and
the Sequoia. Club was allowed a permit
for February 5 instead of for the 26th
inst.
Oakland to Limit Prize Fights.
FBOSABXiB WHTHEES.
First race— Ulctma, Ccuiia Carrie,
Kan Hog-an.
Second race — "EftitH Vice, Dixelle. Ola
corna.
Tliird race — Jane Kolly, "Bay Wonder,
Mccorlto.
¦fourth race — Stuyye, Jeanln*ri Stable,
Paolcontoridfre.
Fifth istce — Bey Bare, Ethel Abbott,
Chickadee.
Sixta race — Bear Catcher, Pormaiter,
Cascine.
Powers placed the responsibility for
the n-anajfement of the theater upon
Davis, who was the active manager,
while he was but passive in the conduct
of its affairs. The blame for fhe fire
and the consequent lose of life, he put
upon employes who, he said, did not
perform their full duty.
"When U came the turn for Davis to
testify he refused to place the blame
upon any particular person, but said
he had confidence that the employes
of the. theater would attend to their
business properly and he also believed
that the Fuller Construction Company
would erect the building in compliance
with the ctty ordinances. Personally,
he said, he knew nothing whatever of
what the laws demanded In the con
struction of a theater, although he had
been managing theaters in Chicago for
twenty years. He had a general
knowledge of. what was necessary, but
he had never read the city laws cover-
Ing the construction and operation of
theaters.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22. — Will J. Davis
and Harry J. Powers, managers of the
Iroquois Theater, made their appear
ance before the Coroner's jury to-day.
Neither of the gentlemen was disposed
to accept any responsibility in connec
tion with the defective construction,
faults ,of management or neglect to
provide proper fire protection.
Davis and Powers Are In
terrogated Concerning the
Iroquois Theater Disaster
MANAGERS TELL
THEIR STORIES
Fourth race — One mile; three-year-olda and
¦tp: purse $2000 (the LlF*ak handicap).
f>7K> Fossil (Parker & Thwaites) 113
(57SS)C!aude (Daly) H»
(r.77*<) Rockaway (Burns & Waterhouse) 103
<5755)Joe Lesser (Beams) 101
ri'sit Faulconbri<i(te (Housem«n) 108
r.TST! Daint-r (Jennlntrs & Co.) 10a
(.->.M4)Shot Gun (Jennings & Co.) 12*.
552S Eonic (Young) , M
(5C3"))Stuyve (Lanterman) 109
(57'57)K-fn!lworth (Stover) US
B*TS3 Jockey Club (Fisher) 10<
*231 E*horln (Schorr) j>«
57D3 Martinmas (Hcni=hall) 10«
Fifth race — One and an eighth miles; three
ynar-olrfs and up; "p»ll""£- ,
r.TW •Chickadee (MtCafferty) .- 100
rRS(M)*Etliel Abbott (Miller) fiO
B4Ja«n»*i Way <Clark) ]0j
r.77!» "-The Frvtter (O'Rourke) 10..
.'.(SO Rty Dare <Nealon) 102
0729 Keynote (Kyle) 1°«
Sixth race— Six furlcn-ts; three-year-old«; 1
Rowell (Blasir.gamc) .* 110
. r ;S<i2 Calcine (Burns & Waterhouse) 1L>
(5-M)Bearcatcher (Ferp-.cn) US
.... mil Curtis (Gr'ffln) 114
r>7.V{ lads'* (Da2r) "••
(5701)Formaster (Boots & Hollenbeck) 110
5706 "Bay Wcnder (Newman) 101
&«0:j 'Jane Holly (Teaser) 100
'Royal White (Smith) 00
57.V) Golden Light (McCafferty) 109
HOW) Yellowstone (Fine) 110
(57!sS)' I Halnault>Thomas & Co.) 108
5710 Mocorito (Wellman) 105
T.71S •Sterling Tower* (Siskiyou Stable) 100
5729 MeGrathiana Prince (Reagan) 100
| O^g-t^irp -ftA.CETSAC-C-^FRIDAY., Jan. 22.— Weather line. Track good.
SS1O. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to flrBt. $326.
i I J'_ d^L__Jj^r^. a^j._Ow-v-r. , '.. Wt.St. K...H-. ¦•%. Str. Flo. .Jockey.' .Op. ..Cl..'
0774 lidV lSi., 1; ? 1 5? tz ,?- e^? U1)/; -- "JS *¦-•-)¦ 2 H. 2-2 2 1*42 1V4 Hildebrand 6-6 9-10
•-m 'vim 1 t <U Jewn""* 'U'W 6 ... 3 1*^3 1^,5 l\i % J Martin 7 • 15"
r~« vvv^iit- (K ,?? gh i & Co >-- •»« I ••• 10 10; 10 ;S 2 • Reed SO ' : 100.
5774 Idr? r ;<! a p G / Berry). 101 9 ...9402 9 1 0 4 Foley 15 40
5..4 jldogo. S,^s. Rato-jr)....,.....|10l| 8- ... -. 8 5- 8 s 7 3 10 - • Olipfaanr' . . -¦- 8 ¦ • 11
24^*. :4 o 3 V 1 d i * Vi " At P 0 ' 1 3 mtnutes"! Off at 2:16. Amasa, place. 6; enow. 5-2.
?™L? •rV 2 .' 5 i- S v OW b 1 -£ J C ' nt - 8h0 *- "2-R" dinner, b. k." by Captain' Al-Lady In
n^»hi« «f " > i. S -«^ Bn3wn - Scratched— MacOyle. Flyer. Mr. Phlnlry El Chl
«^ih «,-.;.m n *°°?- J" 1 cleverl . y - Next twodrivlnB. . Amasa had another nightmare
Am.«£ t i, g resu l ts - nustlc Glrt w *» Plunged on. Hildebrand watted too long for.
i«Th 1. •SJ )r E £? ; would have wo »- Kuni on Lady Kent rode a very bad race. Ben
ifng rdoKo^n «? l b IS lmprovIne - Tom Kingeley Bhowed «peed under poor hand
5811. SECOND RACE^-Qne and an eighth miles; selling; 4-year-olda and up; to first. |325.
I tiXOe * Korea and Owner. ¦ -|Wt St. »4. %'. Str. .Fin. Jockey.' Pp.- Cl."
5--n p" !^Si B D - R >n«J»H).. 101 3 3 n 8 1 1 1%1 2H1 5 ' m'ldebreiid" "^2 11-5
«w» ?ii, 3^ s - a < S ar £" 1 Ctty S) 101 * 5 ** B 2 4 1 2 2H2 4 Larsen . . . . 6-5 3-2
} ? I ?«? Or V a^ G * D - Kenj'on*- 101 « H 1H31.43 3 n Foley - 25 * 30
v% S "i ar - 2 *t A .' H «J-eIl).. 06 2 4.1 -4,% 5 5(1 4 1H Kuni j 60 HO
*:2} SSf^S^ tt <Pan!n K ton Bro*i.):i04 1 2 1«2 "i^'n 3 n 5 % Henderson K 30" 60
S.ol |Kda Rller a (McCagerty)....! 97 5 6 6 6 6 6 OHphant ..5-2 B-2
Time— :24*i. :50. 1:15U, l;4Hi. 1:54*;. At post M mtnute. Oft at 2:37. Ullloiion, . place,
J' 3 ' 'f ow - ou ¦ "Oods- place. 0.20: show out. F111» d'Or, show 2.'- -Winner ch. g.
by Tiger- Gypsette. .Trained by W. D. Randall. Start good. Wonjn.a gallop. J>fext
two driving Winner wan best to-day. Frank Woods was sore and tn the etretch-would
not extend himself. Searcher ran more kindly than usual. ' Shure 'Mike. ¦ Eda Rlley must
_ _ ?*¦ " een only. Joking/ .. . ; :• . . : v •••; •¦ - - . , , . - - .• •
5S12. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling;, 4^year^olds and up; --.-alue to flrtt. »323 J .o
l —'~* I Horse and Owner. WtiSt. V* . .-H- . .%. 8tr. Fin, ; Jockey. : -I Op. . . Cl.
6«34 (Oro Viva. 4 (Ward & Co.). .' . jlOS> 4 . 1 . 3 b 3 1 142 1 HI 1 % b"«*1~ !77F. TT4 ' 9-2
Krk- u r u" A r nna .' 4 < Mc^ a « ert >>- " 1- 1«H In 22 Hildebrand ~' . i .5
.5SiJJ I ?J eH S-, K 104 10 ... 10 9 3.7 H3 «4 Greenrteld . 20 30
(oSM) Lady Bimbo. 4 (Lagorla Co.). 09 5...^ 7 n- STH 4 2^4 2U Kunz 7-2 - V
f S»>bSE?« H - I ' Urs - H «t«»>-- 1«2 7 ..: 5 n 6 H 3 M ,i %« OHphant" I! 25. 40
S774 Captivate.. 6 (P. Hlldreth) . . . . 102 3 ... 2 1»42 h 6 % 6 H Foley ... 20 40
kk£ S Ur^_P al< *- * (Tbom »» & Co > !*>*! « ••• .0 2 10 10 ,7 l^Connell .... . 8 13
*^-«2 5i Prlnc '^»- 6 ' T ; O'Rourke),. J»9j » ... 6 14 4 n 8 n. 8 3 * McGrath- ... 20 20
R.2S GleMn-on. 4 <W. Fisher) .... 104 8 ... 8 2 7 n 5 h -0 2 Uarsen .'. . . Sr5 5-2
r><2S .Our Prl.ie. 5 (Howe Stable).. 100| 2 ... 4 %,5-H 9 1 1O J. Martin.. 10 20
Time— :24«-i. :48»«. 1:14. At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:06. Viva, place,! 8-5; ': show, 7-10.
Anna, place. Z; show. 6-5. Marelio. «how. 6. Winner, b. h. by Golden Garter-'Joe
Mva. Trained by Thomas Scanlan. Scratched— Snark, .Achilles. •• Start good. Won
easily. Next two driving hard. Bell rode one of his good races -on .winner. Fair I^ady
Anna was touted and played. Marelto dropped from the clouds ; Kunz gave Lady :
Bimbo a delightful going over. With any sort of a rldo tshcwou'ld have won Captl-'
vate had speed. Glenarvon went to the pott eore and pulled up on three legs.- Pure ¦
Dale did fairly well under the circumstances. ~ - ¦' ¦ ; . <* -.".-.
S«ia. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; hndep.; 3-yr.--olda and up; to first. $4C0.
Ir.dtxj Horse and Owner. Wt St. U. • H- %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
fiesi llridius. 4 <XV. B. JrnnlngB).. 110 2 1 2H1 111 1 2%1 2*4IJ~ Martin.. 6^2" 5
B7S3 jFuturita. 4 <W. H. Kraft) J»O 1 2%2H2 1 >i2n 2h' Hildebr&nd 3 9-5
'.1751) O'Hagen. 5 (Mrs. Bender)... JV566 5nR2R43n Oliphant .. 6 30
57M ISan Nicholas. 5 <B. & W.)...I112 4 41 43 44 4n4» Bell 6-5 I
.VfOtt iAIbula. ti (Lamasney BrO8.)..|l05 5 3 n 3 h 3 % 3 h ft 1 Larsen -8 15
57t." Last Knipht. 5 (Lamaaney). .j OR] 3 5 1*^6 6 6 6 |Kunz • •
j Time— :23H. :47'i. 1:13. 1:20. At post Vi minute. Off at 3:51. Iridfus. place, 6-5; show.
out. Futurita. place, 3-5; show. out. O'Hagen, show 2. Winner b. h. ¦ by Golden :
Oart«>r-Irts. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Start fair. Won ridden out. Next'threft driv
ing hard. Iridius got away well and foolert his stable and everybody else. Futurita ran'
her race. O'Hagen did well. San Nicholas was not there with that electrifying burst
of spend. Albula will improve. 'Coupled with Albula.
5814. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; celling; 3-year-olds; value to flret, $325. .; '-'..
Ir:c>-t] Horse and Owner. Wt St. U . V,. %. Str. Fin. Jockey?^ j- Op. Cl.
C7U2 IThe Cure (U r . Fisher) 102 6 4n 1 %1 h In lh Larsen v --2 12-5
(5762) -Celebrant (Hamilton Stable). .|11O 2 l-n 2%23 2122 J. Daly 5 B
SW13 fCoroner Kelly (Bender & Co.)|102 1 3 «4 3 n 4 2^3 2 3 2 Oliphant .. 10 i 20 ;
57*.'7 lYounc Pepper (F. O'Rourke). 105 3 6 4 2 3 n 4 1^4 5 Hildebrand 7-5 7-5
KU 'Keogh (P. Hlldreth) ¦ 104 6 5 3 5n 6 6 5 3 J. Martin.. 15 16
5791 !Et Tu Brute <J. J. Moran)... 101| 4 2 *4 6 5 1^5 2^6 Bell 5 9
Time— :2t. :4M^. 1:14*4. 1:27*4. At post % minute. Off at 3:56. Cure place, 4-5; show,
2-5. Celebrant, place. 6-5; show. 1-2. Kelly show. 7-5. Winner, br. c by Dr Me-
Bride-Dislike. Trained by W. Fisher. Start good. Won In a hard drive of two. Third
easily. The Cure looked up to large doings and ran gamely. So did Celebrant. Cor
oner Kelly ran his race. Hildebrand on Young Pepper rode a race that would make an
exercise boy blush. Et Tu Brute ran out,
«!M"». SIXTH RACE — One mile: celling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Infest] Horse and Owner. Wt St. U- %• %• Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
T.719 iptilicho. 4 <W. B. Jennings).. ©4 2 2h ! "i 2 1(41 1 1 14 Hildebrand 7-10 13-20
5754 IHarry Beck. B (Lynch & Co.). 103| 7 -5 H 5 % 5 2*^4 2 2 1>£ Foley 20 20
<57*.'»>' Flaneur e (McCafferty) IOTI 4 4 5 4 3 4 n 5 Vi 3 n Kunz 12 "5
572ft IKitty Kelly a (S:anfleld>... .1101] 1 1 1^1 1^1 1 2 n 4 2^ Crosswalte 10 i 10
572TI iRomaine. 4 (Murray & Co.).. I 98 5 3n 3 3 «J .1 5 1 Wright ... 5 O-^
(57U7V Lacy Crawford, 4 (Schreiber).|106 6 6h 64 06 65 68 Burns 4 6
X54S iThe Counsellor. 4 (Cotton)... I !H 3 7 »i 7 "J 7 3 7 10 7 15 W. Daly... 60 200
5764 Sam Laiarus Esrj._ a (F.Stoer)1107-| 8 8 8 P g 8. McLeon ... 60 200
Time — :25"4. :49>4. 1:13. 1:41. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 4:25. Stilicho place 1-3- show
out. Beck, place. 8: show. 5-2. Flaneur, show. 2. Winner, b. g. by St Andrew-
Angclique. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Scratched— Marlin. Start good. • Won easily.
Nest two driving. Stilicho had speed. So did Romalne, but Wright gave him no
chance to use it. Harry Beck was uncorked again at long odd* and played. Flaneur
did well. Kitty Kelly ran well under adverse circumstances. Lacy Crawford could not
get up.
Third ra<e— Six and a hair furlocse; four
r«kr-ol<"s and upward; gcHSas:
The Lissak handicap at a mile, with
$2000 added by the California Jockey
Club, will be the feature event of the
racing across the bay. this afternoon.
A splendid field is carded to face the
bajrrier, among the number Shot Gun.
the Jennings crack, which on Thurs
day worked ono and one-eighth miles
in 1:54 ii; Claude, Fossil, Faulcori
bridge. Kenilworth, Stuyve, Dainty
ti-jd Rockaway. Altogether it <s the
greatest field that ever went to the
j.ort for this valuable Flake. The
probable starters, with their riders,
are as follows:
Horse sad V.V-igl.t. . Jockey.
Claude. 11" J5,,*
Backatrar. 10^ 1^,1
Joe Lf-ss-er. I ol Folev
i'au'.ccnbr'.dge, |C8. Larfen
Dainty. 10:j Oliphant
Bbot Gun. 124 J. Martin
1 - u;! i' . » Connell
BOJ : e. JO") Hlldebrand
KcniiWi-rih US. See
.I--«-kpy Club. 107 T. Burns
J :Flifr»n. ii$. Reed
Jlcrtinmat-. 107 Bullmaa
ENTRIES VOll TO-DAY.
Firtv rtce— Futurity course; four-year-olds
nr.d u^wcrd; stultng:
:..;u<; Matt Hos*n (Macrane) IOC
.We Th*- Pride (Cudahy) 100
<M«0)*Oou--in Carrie (Burner* JX5
.'.sl2 Pure iJal* fThoraa-i it Co.> Vt
MC8 •Pickiway Uackscn) 97
r.TSu Opttaw <Iilai-rman) 103
5«iCS ConsiclUtor (Keatlnx & Co.) Iiw
<5T^)*Alt;»n»Ha fMuirav) UO
i.M'*h)L*c:y Wadcworth «t>r-fu«on) 3S
«r.774)Sir rrw-ttn (Hunter) 102
t.'^.'WL'Ictma (Robb) 90
Trfa:S *SaIntly (Crowe) 105
«*C77»* > Wh'hker« < Wilson I Ji5
6TUS ".Nullah <.MeKenzie) I»
Serond race— Four furlongs; two-year-old*;
pane;
."7:.! Edith Vica 'Bianchi & Co.) 103
Curn lilofcsoni <Rowe!l) 113
'Abercorn-Thaakful Bloesom.)
r>7f-7 '"nlculate 'BlErinra-ne) 10S
f.71.% Giaccma <8mlth) ' 108
T.7n7 Tar Kaby (Kan Joarjuin Stablf) ......10."
67K7 Gloomy Otis <Burns & Watcrhouse) . . .105
Uary 1'epp-r <MiI!er) ...110
<I*epp<T-Mary Conroy.)
6787 Dixelle (Dobson) 103
Two or three more rides like those
on Lady Kent and Lady Bimbo and
the judges should ask Jockey Kunz
from whom he is receiving hi« in
fetructions. Kunz should be yanked
up on the carpet and told in plain
language that he is no longer riding
In "the bushe?," where anything and
everything goes. He is now under con
tract to C. T. Henshall and if that
horseman cannot see the boy's faults
then they should be pointed out to
him alpo.
Hildebrand rode two winners and
three times finished second. His han
dling of Young Pepper, though, threw
a damper on all of his good work. It
•uas an effort of which a novice should
be ashamed.
NOTES OF THE TKACK.
A 13 to 20 chance in the betting, Sti
licho, with Hildebrand on his back,
was returned a comparatively easy
winner of the final mile selling run.
Harry Beck ran second, a length or
more in front of Flaneur.
Hildebnind should be presented with
a hand-painted diploma for his ride on
Young Pepper, favorite for the seven
furlong selling affair for three-year
olds. It was not quite so startling as
liis exhibition on Prince Brutus, but
It was good. He got away none too
well with the O'Rourke entry and then
got cut off as many times as he could,
finishing: unplaced. The Cure got away
Quite as badly as Young Pepper, but
Larfen lost no time in getting to the
front. Larfen set a good pace, and
at the wire beat Celebrant, ridden by
J. Daly, a head. Coroner Kelly even
Jed the favorite out for show honors.
Dell suffered a relapse and really rode
a winner in the -six furlong event fol
lowing. Olcnarvon was made favorite
for this number, but cut no figure in
the running, pulling up lame. Bell
.piloted Oro Viva, a 5 to 1 shot, and
taking things quietly to the stretch
passed th<? i>ac* maker. Fair Lady Anna,
scoring easily by more than a length.
MareHo dropped from the clouds, fin
ishing fourth.
BELL LAXDS A WIXXEIL
: Amasa came back from the grave
just in time to spoil an awful good
thing in th<? first race. Rustic Girl was
played frcm $ to 5 to 9 to 10, the edu
cated coin going into the books by the
carload. Amasa had but 99 pounds up
a/id played" from 23 down .to 16, and
ridden by C. Smith, he jumped away in
the lead" and was never headed, beat
ing out th*> favorite a neck. Lady Kent
ran an indifferent third.
o Another favorite was ftowled over in
th«r mik? and a furlong selling affair.
Frank "Woods, on the strength of his
¦second to Royalty in a previous race,
looked" good enough for anybody and
vas installed a 6 to 5 chance. But the
martsmen with . medals would have
none of him. They wanted Illilouon,
the 2 to l second choice, with Hilde
brand up. and Illilouon went out and
made an fixerdse gallop of it in 1:54U.
The favorite was second and Filfe
d'Or third. Eda Riley ran a delightful
last.
With the exception of Stilicho, the
favorites all met defeat, and the books
had a "profitable day. The track was
fast, and there was a large crowd in
attendance.
HOOKIES GET THE COIN*.
<= By failing to finish cither first or
¦second in -the six a*nd a half fariong
hart'.diceV Oakland yesterday the
black horse San Nicholas depleted the
"Exchequer of ma.r.y a healthy speou
oJatcr.- l!o was barked dnwn from C to
5" to even money. With Bell up he was
tfever better than fourth at anv stase
*•£ Ihe running.
* Futurita! a i'O pounder, piloted by
.Hildtbrand, was the best played one
of the six starters, the Eastern mare's
odds dropping from 5 to 9- to 5. She
ran an cxoMIcr.t race, but was never
r.ble to overhaul Irid^us, the Jennings
entry, which made all the running,
and won cleverly by more than two
lengths. O'Ha-jen, whose odds soared
from € to 20, ran a close third. The
winner ran loose, his odds receding
Irom 2\i to 1 to 7.
SAN FJRANCISCO-£ALL'S-RACING, -FORM -CHART.
.San Nicholas, the Favorite, Finishes Fourth Behind Futurita and O'Hagen.
; . • Amasa Defeats Rustic Girl for the Opening Event at Odds of 25 to i.
:¦' Kunz Rides in Wretched Form—The =Cure Downs Celebrant in a Drive
IRIDIUS RUNS PRACTICALLY UNBACKED
AND WINS THE HANDICAP AT OAKLAND
SPORTS OF THE RACECOURSE AND HAPPENINGS IN THE PRIZERING AND THE FIELD
Dance at the Palace.
M. S., Koshland of .2297; Laguna
street was the host* last evening of a
supper, and dance - given at the Palace
Hotel ; to forty guests. The evening was
spent r at the •Tivoli Opera-house, and
the gut'sts were Jhen driven.to the Pal
ace, V, where ; supper, was served in the
maple room, which was .decorated" in
military styled . : After ; supper: dancing
was indulged in until an -early hour-
BALTIMORE, Md., Jan. 22.— Joe
Grim of 'Philadelphia won the purse
hung up by the Eureka Athletic Club
In a ten-round bout to-night and an
additional $100 from Joe Gans, who
thought he could put out "the human
punching bag" in • six rounds. Gans
weighed about 138 pounds.- Grim
seemed to- be '; twenty-five pounds
heavier. ; The lightweight champion
cleverly ducked many -..vicious swings
of the Italian. whoVfalled to land a
telling blow. . Gans played throughout
for the. face and .landed enough right
and. left hand blows to have put any
man.in.his class to sleep in the first
few grounds. ' Grim was -so!-, badly cut
about the face and head that. the. po
lice interfered in "the .middle ¦ of the
tenth round. '. v •;. , " : -
Police . Stop j Gans-Grim ¦ Fight.
Billy Delaney will make a pilgrimage
to the East to discuss fighting mat
ters with Champion Jeffries. ' There is
an undercurrent of talk that Jeffries
can be made to see the advantage of
taking on Jack Johnson, the colored
man, for a bout. He is the only one
in sight who can give the champion an
argument. .
Jeffries May Fight Johnson.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 22.— Results:
First race, selling, six furlongs — Preakness
won. Ralph Young second, Ida Penzance third.
Time. 1:1 •
Second race, six furlongs— Hymettus won,
Four Leaf C second. Mrs. Frank Foster third.
Tim-;, 1:17.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles — Cus
tus won, Lampoon second. Erbe third. Time,
1 :f.2. .
Fourth race, handicap, seven furlongs — Lou
Dorsey wen. Caterpillar, second, t>r. Stephens
third. Time, 1:30 2-5.
Fifth race, one mile— Little Scout won,
Payne second. Bessie McCarthy third. Time,
sTxth race, one mile and twenty yards. sell-
Ing — Rachel Ward won. Ora McKlnney second.
Second Sight third. Time. 1:46 3-5.
NEW ORLEANS RACE RESULTS.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 22. — Changes
of considerable importance have been
made in the minority ownership of
Ascot Park as a result of negotiations
consummated to-day. Thomas Fitz
gerald and George Rose have been
elected directors to succeed the late
John A. Mulr and W. G. Kerckhoff,
who is absent in Europe.
Fitzgerald and Rose have acquired
the holdings of. the men whose places
they take in the management. Both
were already large owners In the new
race course and it is understood each
has more than doubled his original
holdings. Their new investment in
the property is said to represent in
excess of $60,000. Both are interested
in the books at the track.
Bookmakers George Rose and Thomas
Fitzgefrald Succeed J. A. Mulr and
W. G. Kerckhoff. •
NEW DIRECTORS ELECTED ,
FOR ASCOT PARK TRACK
Elxth race, cne mll«. selUnsr— Labor. 101 (J.
Booker), 20 to 1, won; Invlctus, 101 (Anderson),
30 to 1. second; Montana Peeress. 09 (Buxton).
7 to 2. third. Time. 1:43. El Oriente, Lunar,
Moore, Pilot and Merwan also ran.
Fourth race, slx.furibngs-^Cru-iadpB. .113 \(3i
Bolarxj), 5 to 2/ won ; . Ba,is, US ( J. Bookerr.-O
.tol, Second;. Dolly Hayman, ,100 (Bedfern), 3
.to. 1, third.. Time.' 1;15^ Olennevls, .'Fustian^
i Paul Whaley," Pat- Bulger, and Elflrt ktng aleoi
¦*ran.>; ¦>., .',.y. ¦.;•-. ** : '- '-v^-'i ,1: ; :; .'.i.-^-r* .'.' / -. /
j ~-V Fifth V race, : seven. Vfurlon-ts, ' >»elling— Fjox
Lake. ,'DS . fS.;. Walsh) ;--<5% to ' Jft_S*f«»l ! l« ocoo *»'
lOl'-XBuxton), 5. to 1,'secxrnd; lia4y>Fbnse, -100
<Andefson). r 25 to-1;- thlrd/^Tt-fte,' ¦V^.k% < . 'El
Cortesa. Strife.' ''J^j^n{*ikiaTid--C(plM»nl)Ja' Olrl
also ran. ¦•'•?£-$£:&,, i£?~&~<-
Third race,>. one ao* "a-nljdeenth'inlies,. Bell
ini?— Bluerldj-e, 108 VFetcht). 2 to 1. won; 1 Emir;
100 <K Walsh) « irt 1 4 "second; -pio'Chlco,. 100
(Slnnott). "3 to, 1, ,th]rd.> -Time^ 1:50., -Upper
cut. ; Terra Inco-rnlta';7Nat''Good*»:Ui.';Plrtg, - AJmi
Autumn Time.' Castake,~Hub, ;Pr»theT and 'Ail
About; also ran. ¦'-* '¦*•',¦¦' '* ' -¦ " ." ¦' .
_ First race, _ six -tur4qn-TB-r<3otUieHen, 110
(Waterbury). 6to-l r *won;'Neftrusca t 10O(Maa
dos)*. .20 to, 1, *^opd; reRosserfol'^ios (W.
Knapp). 6 to \ f '. third,, Tim«i l?1.J»Ji.', Lauretta
Phillips. Flea. Carnival,- Bin Haywood; Alam
«nrsor,: Turtle; : ' Jerry , Fin nlgan. I Trapshoote.r,
Gentle Harry .«T>d> Eva D artso-jan. ( \ ., ¦'. : -, • ;
• Second , race. ' Slausoni cotyBe, --selling—Qe
helrnn*«>s, "0O.<E.- Walsh). 1 * 7'ltf*.I0. «*on:*Effer.f
veacence, 94 l*fe Knapp>^'§ tt>4, second; J'h.yz*
101 -(Lawi-enfe) 5- to-, 1, ¦; th|r<f. * Time.-; .1:11/
Siiste Christian. Mextcanar Cloche v d'Or, Plqilet^
A«rnest Mack also ran. : : . *< . • -' . ¦" -,. :.•¦•;:.;
SUMMARY.
• h 4 ' < 9 • ' ¦--'¦' » --.A.
\/-~ * '•-•¦ ;-v '.*. •¦ ¦ '¦'••• • ,..- * ¦ ''•'
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 22.— Two favor.-)
ltes won at Ascot to-day again
thfe public lost a' large 'sum:. - Th£ }las.t.
race : was one of, the -most disastrous t&
the' betting public that has beeti i riiri
here. Lunar, the odds-on f avorite;
Montana Peeress, Merwan and El Ori-'
ente^were played all : along the line" by
the talent." Montana. Peeress was' the
only one to get inside the money,. arid
she could'do no better than third. La
bor, at 25 to 1, won, while Invlctusi at
30 to 1, got the place. ' '¦
' .Gottlieberi, at 6 to 1, won the first
race in easy style from Negrusca, 'at
20 to 1, with Rosseric third. Gehejrn
nees was favorite at short odds for the
second number and won handily. 1 Ef
fervescence was second and* Phyz. third.'
Blueridge was thejgood , thing in- the
third and' was ;play"eii>as if the. race
was over. She won in a close finish
from Emir, with Rio Chico third.
Baldwin's good . horse Cruzados, at
2% ¦ to 1; showed up his field in the
fourth race, .winning easily from Sals.
Dolly Hayman was third. Paul Whaley.
was played to" 1 beat Cruzados, but ' was
nevei- in the running. ;.''! _• . * ; -/• /i
Fox • Lake, at' 5? to ir furnished the
surprise." in Jthe fifth,*; beating; LapcJoon:
and Lady'Fohse in the order named.'
Eugenie; B, ,the^5 tpr" 7.. favorite, . was
nowhere. Weather' fairi; track. good.- ':¦'•
The iiff-Baldwiii'Coit* Show's Up
Ilis^Ficld .in Fourth . Xum-i
.; beroir the Afternoon's Card ;
&uzXi)Qs&IS|S|oiSS
Only Two Favorites Register,
the Other Xiihiber^roii the
jj| Card Gcunfc .^£ong: ; Shots
OUTSIDERS SHINE
IN THE RACES
AT ASCOT PARK
¦ ¦ • . ¦ •- ¦ ¦ - . ¦¦«¦-- ¦ ¦ - ¦ .¦.-.-,- .--.I-*, - ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU;; SATURDAY; JANUARY 23, 1904.
Edward A. Kolb, Widely Known Merchant and Sports
man, PassesAway Unexpectedly After an Illness
Which Causes His Family Alarm for Months
HAND OF DEATH STILLS HEART
THAT THROBBED WITH KINDNESS
He who entertains envy invites en
mity. fj;{;; 'i~ : ;&f.2
11
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
i **s***)^*''M^HJ
HAVANA CIGARSTHE SAN FRANCISCO GAUy SATURDAY. JANUARY 23, 1901.
12
EMPLOYMENT
A COLORED boy. aged l^ngllsh wants P^
sition as bellboy in flrst-cl«ss hotel, cluft or
residence. Box 42O. Call office.
YOUNG man w^" to run eWri c
experlcnced. Apply F. FRENCH, 29-1 ro!
torn st. -
NON-UNION carpenter, 20 yeara' *Xgg****\
wants job: wages reasonable, box 4»i>. V* u
offlce. Oakland. ;
YOUNG roan. 21 years of OS", wants position
as plunder's helper. Box eTO^CaU office.
WANTED-^Position as bookkeeper; best of ref-
erences. Aduresa box 1903. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted to tend cigar- stand: small
siiiary. Box St». 1CCS Market st. t
WOULD nurse Invalid sentleman. J. THOM-
AS. 712 Pine st : '
WANTED— Situation as carpenter's appren-
tice. Address :)07 Ifcrket St.. Oakland.
YOUNG man wants a. position as retoucher and
flnisher on photographs: can tal< t ren^n.
" German. Scandinavian and English If re-
quired. Call or send word to J. E.. Ii03 baa
Pablo ave.. Oakland.
UPHOLSTERER, carpet layer, u^ 9t * a T^*
mattresses, curtain shades, draoery also
(unicn). wishes work, city or country, ii.
H. VAGASIAX. 1O26A. Hyd« St.
WANTED— Sltoatlon by a young man of 22 In
a wholesale house, commission* or retail nrm.
$10 per week to start; experience as porter;
excellent city references. Box t>94. Law.
POSITION wanted by married man: goM
farmer and able to keep place la repair,
woman -will board hands or assist wua
housework v Box 100O. Call offlce. Oakland.
BARBERS— Position wanted by a first-class
barber; 11 years In San Francisco and ...
yars of axe: married: wants steady Job. Box
690, Call offlce. ¦
POSITION wanted by rellabl* man, with hts
own help to do the work In a dairy, orchard
or grain ranch at a monthly salary and board
himself: good references. B. C. T7 Ninth st.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wishes to take charR-*
of Work for property owner, city, S. F.: best
references. Please call or write 1S32 Powell.
CIVIL engineer: specialty. railroad and
bridge construction; now ready for engage-
ments. Addresgs J. H. C. box 714. Call.
A GERMAN atone mason and cement worker.
understands reservoir and oil tank . worie.
wants » position. Box 411, CalL
RELIABLE man and wife want positions to
take care of a gentleman's place or a atoc*
ranch: good reference. W. P.. 77 Ninth st.
STEADY man. handy with tools, some carpen-
ter experience, wants work; has small capi-
tal to invest. Box 717. Call offlce.
GOOD paperhangrr, tlnter and painter wishes
position In city or country; good at hotel
work. Box 734. Call offlce.
CARPENTER work wanted direct from owners;
$3 or contract: flrst-class work; best of refer-
ences. Box 439. Call office.
MAP.P.IED man wants position as atablenian
cr teamster In city. Call 433 Third it.
EXPERIENCED stock boy wants a poaltlon.
Box 7C5. Call.
ENGINEER and electrician desires position;
extensive experience. M. E.. 9O1 Po-wrell st.
GOOD rook wants situation In hotel or board-
Ing-houfe. Call at 658 Folsom st. ¦
COLORED man and wife would like a situation
In country; can do anything. Box 3202. Call.
AN old gentleman desires position as collector
in doctor's or any other offlce. Box 387. Call.
YOUNG Japanese, speaking good English,
wants a pcsltlon as home boy. In San Jose;
references. O. P.. 121 Halght St.. S. F.
JAPANESE student wants to work coupl*
hours a day. H. S. K.. 1329 Pino St.: teL
Larkin 2011.
rA.C3.KT. MASSAOr.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method: 60c. II. L.LTON. mant-
curing parlors, "ft* Larkin st. : phone Polk 17.
FEATHER REXOVATIIVG.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feaffctr
Co.. 323 'Van Ness ave. : tel. Howard S167.
FINAXCIAIm '.'"''
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and st^clc
floated. W. II. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent. 322 Emma. Spreckels bldz..
~" FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
iei-vlce absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-233. O-ary
Ft., on th* square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses ar»
listed In our renting department: let U3 gtv»
you a list and help you flnd one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1030 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
2*CETV flai ts to l*?t , not y*t cotnplfitra ', #vpry
possible convenience: close to main entrance
to park; every room sunny; 5 car Ilnei;
rents $27 50 to $35; open 2 to 5. Seventh
St., near Fulton.
WASHINGTON. 2S72 and 2S79, corner Devis-
adero — Elegant, modern, artistic, sunny flats:
8 rooms and bath each: complete tn every
• detail: rents reasonable. S-IIAINWALL>.
BUCKBEE & CO.. 21S-220 Montgomery st.
SEE the new modern 6- room flats for $2.".
$27 50 and $30; cor. Lake st. and Seventh
ave.: Eddy-st. cars direct; 20 minutes from
Powell st.
DOLORES. 235. nr 15th — Elegant new modern
flat, 8 sunny rooms; bath: 5 bay windows.
HAYWARD. 2H. ofT . Harrison, near fcth—
Sunny flats, 3 rooms each, rents $S and $11.
AX ppper flat; 6 rooms, bath, yard; rent roa3-
onable. Corner Webster and Clay sts.
HAYES. near.Shrader — New flats; rent 1 * re-
duced. Moneta Investment Co.. 29 Flood bldg.
¦WALLER. 1708. near Park entrance — Modern
sunny upper Cats. 5 rooms, bath, $22 50, J-_'5.
MCALLISTER. SCI— Parlor floor; 4 unfurnlshVTl
rooms; gas, Dath; $26: adults; call before o.
FLATS TO LET Ft'RjftsHEP.
FOR rent —Handsome furnished flat, with pi-
ano, in best residence section of th« city.
Call at 2S33 Washington st.
FLAT of 7 rooms, partly furnished: cheap. 113S
Folsom at., corner F.ighth.
FLATS FOR SALE KIU.MMIKD.
AN elegant flat of 8 rooms for sale; rent %T.X
115 Leavenworth st.
OAK. SM — Flat 5 room»; a ana p.
PmunSHED VXI.ItA TO LET.
COUNTRY villa of rough stone. Spanish sty!-,
with patio; In orange grove overlooking jjan
Gabriel Valley: ideal climate: electric cars ti>
Los Angeles; artistically furnished: piano; 5
large rooms; Uvlnc-room 1Sx36; large stnne
fireplaces, beamed cplllng, etc.: stone stable;
all new; 6 months $50. 1201 Call bldg.
FPR5IHIRB WASTED.
HIGHEST prices ,for furniture and mdse L. H
BURD. auctioneer, 181S Mkt.; tel. Howard 275«
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 44K"
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets)
Ft'KMTlRE FOR SALE,
A — Brass beds, hair mattresses, weathered ma-
hogany, maple, turn.; handsome dining- suit
drapcrles,curtains;tel. Page 718. 1006 Halght!
HELP UASTBD-FEMALB.
A — 8 "WAITRESSES, flrst-class Southern Cali-
fornia Hotel: permanent position; absolutely
free far*; start to-night; $^3 month, room and
board.
C. R. HAXSEN & CO .....42) Bush «t.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressing
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from \ to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now"; 3 po-
sitions to flll immediately; portions guaran-
W^t at^VeaWTt?rr4jr ns achoQl ia
A — Girls to learn millinery now for snrinc- «»'
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $lo: positions aa trimmers
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk un-
ttay and evening class. IB Stockton 8t.. r. Vl'.
A— LADIE3 to leara all branches halrdressl-ns
trade, nwnlcurinjr. massage, etc. iSsMart
0 ?"- Jo "' 8 * room Ol: Potions swun?.l
at highest wages; day and eve, class; rail.
MEN and women for city and country agent* -
weekly salary and expenses or commission 1
steady employment. 122S -McAllister ,t at-
ter o p. m.
w 2ss?SiirTS£t: Klrl to take care of baby -
R gSJ^II bookbInder y' SCHMITT.
S1MKITUAMSM.
MRS. DR MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium: mining a specialty:
-advice I guarantee -on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My I wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation nnd lasting peace
with the one you love: readings by mall most
satisfactory. S2: readings daily. $1; develop-
-Ing class Thursday. 8 p. m. 502 Eddy sL
AUTOMATIC writing trance medium; readings
dally 1 to C. 60c-$l: clr. Sun.. Mon., Wed.
and Thur.. 2:30. 10c-?5c. 11 ; Tiylor. room 5.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slat»-
wrltlng and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavia: phine Scott S87.
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium;
Circle to-night. 10c; readings dally. 142 fith.
MRS; THACyT U-\ Ilyde'st., clairvoyant: cir-
cles 10c, Tuc. t.Thur., 8 p. m.; reads. 60c-$l.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle Friday eve..
25c: cit. dally. 1000 Harrison: tel. Mint 997.
EDWARD EARLK. ior.2 KHI«. rendlnra dally.
9:30 tn 4; seance* Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A--PAUL DESTINE.
The First Krtistered Trance Clairvoyant
and Palmist l£ver In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guaranty to
make no charge If 1 fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what yoti called .for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife or sweetheart
Is true or false; tell who and when you will
marry: In fact.'* I will tell every, hope, fear or
ambition better than you can tell yourself: I
reunite the separated, restore lost affections,
cause happy marriage, give good luck, restore
lost enersv: IO a. m. to S d. m. : Sundai-. " to B.
326 O'Farrell st. Low <«e this week— $1.
MME. " M. BETlTTvRb. *~~THE. FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently, located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of/ the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
, suit this great medium and you will be told
how to ov-ercome them; valuable advice In all
affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guaran>
teed: readings by mall.' Tel., Black 45CD.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clalrvpyant and
ralmist. permanently located at 1104 Market
*t.. cor.'. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
IP. to ii p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory us in person; .'! questions answered, $1;
lull life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
cf birth; don't send currency; send postofflee.
W*lls-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. PARKHURST. 1 clairvoyant and card
reader; business advice: sittings daily: .10 to
12 a. m.. 1 to 7 p. m. : 25c up. 3S McAllister.
MKS. A. II. KRONENBERG. palmist, clatr-
voyant. card reader; when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin., nr. G.G. ave.
A — Mm*.* Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. .S."«» Howard, bet. 4th&5th.
A WONDER; I am the great* I am; see him.
. -40S Geary st.,' above .Mason.
MISS WARD.. "for a few days,' 017 Marketers.
11-12; glvep, dates, name3. facts. Hours 11-0.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, : card reader,' re-
. moved from 132 Oth to Xiy* 6th; la. 2flc.g. 5«f.;
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
•¦ 20VC' Kearny. room 20; ladies, 25c; gentB; 5Uc.
MIES ZEMDAR.young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L COc. G $1. 7U.Franklln.nr.Q.G.ave.
MBS. BAUMANN. the r well-known \ f ortune-
- tel'.er. Is now at 317 -Ellis -st. -¦¦'¦¦. .
MRS.-.SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: . sit-
tlngs dally. 44SH Jessie St.. bet. 5th and nth.
A'. BRANCH offlce of The ' Call for the recep-:
tlon of advertisements and. subscriptions ha*
• been opened' at ¦ 100S Market * St.. " opposite
.Fifth." Open. until 11 p. m." . ¦
HliK>s uAKKKS AKD SK \MS«TKKSSKS
Accordion. . sunburst. & knife , plaiting; double
stamps ' on 'ty-ess, linings. : Stewart's button &
buttonhole factory." 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121
McDOWKLL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class.- 1019 Mkt..
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS?~5l>f-lf-6 CaiTagi^n'bld^liarket
and McAllister ets.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der; th/ 1 only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating . teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at offlce.
DR. LliDLCM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.EIeventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
tradi-; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW r-ite — The Whale'-.-ne — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown, ¦$."{ 50: fillings, 50c:
plates. $5: full set; all wori painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Pi Jlors.. 24 Sixth.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. dentist,
room 14 Phelan building. San Francisco..
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up: fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c: crown*. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr. O.D.Hewitt. 2O4Sutter
EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHEIt at C ALI FORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE:- an army of< workmen
are putting the finishing touches on our new-
home, 901-025 Qolden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has b«en one
of thi greatest successes of tho AVest': 18.C0O
square feet, :15 roonie. 4.V» students, IS teach-
ers. Write for 75-page Illustrated .catalogue.
The growing life and enthusiasm here will
be a constant Inspiration to you. -
ATRES, the leading business college. 72:5 Mar-
ket -st.; established IS years; iife scholarship,
$50: bookkeeping, shorthat d. touch typing,
' arithmetic, spelling, etc. : positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW Juvenile d'nartment of the. Paul Gerson
I Sc'.iool of Actlnj: now open; applicants • re-,
eeived from C to 12 years of ag»; MlsS Lillian
Muscio, principal: exceptional advantages;
largest school of the kind In the West: send
-for catalogue. ' Native Sons' Hall. -414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
language.'*), telegraphy. ' English branches ; • day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for »lie university, 'aw and medical colleges;
¦ref.. President. Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evenins sessions, j Pbelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. ' 1412 -Polk st.,'
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's cl&sses are now open for the-season.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Kills bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. ;¦ 1230 Market st. • Vj
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post j
st.. S.F.: a practical school of engineering;
: complete equipment.. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, clec, mln.. meeh..' sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1S04. Van
der Nalllen' School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CARLOS N. KELLER, tenor soloist nnd teach-
er of . the art of SINGING ; piano taught.
Studio 361 Geary at.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evg«.. Teutonla, Hall,- Howard St.. near
Oth. - Prof.- Foster; society dancing. taught.
BANJO. mandolin and guitar thoroughly
¦ taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
SPANlSH.French.etc.Prof.De Fillppe's Academy
of laiiguages,320Post;estab'd :871;ablest profa.:
PIANO lessens.' 2">o"half hour. ' MRsTpECk]
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION...... ..Day and
PARTIXGTON'S. 424 Pine St.... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ¦
GET your help at PINE^ JAp"aNESE~EMPLOyI
:MENT. OFFICE and Housecleanlng Co.; lVa
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Polk 3656.
GEORGE AOKI.,421 Post St. ; tel. Bush 1.T5—
¦ Japanese-Chinese • emplcjment ; offlce; fur-
• nishee btst help; contracts for farm help,' etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment' Offlce— Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752. «
EJ1PLOV.ME\T OFFICES Coatlnaed
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp.. Offlce, 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 168? expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Offlce. 115 Franklin st. : phone Folsom 2S56.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds, help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHINEteE and/Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS waitress, boarding-house or
restaurant. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. ¦
A yOL'SG lady wishes a position as second
girl in a private family; speaks French and
English; pood references. Address I. D.,
502 Washington' st.
STRONG, willing younj' woman wishes some
kind of housework to do. MISS SMITH.
1347 Harrison St.. city.
SITUATION wanted by a reflned young widow
- as companion to wealthy lady; good sewer
and hairdresser. | Box 634, Call.
WANTED— Place an nurse In or out of city;
waxes, ?25-»30. Address C.. 154 Tehama.
GERMAN and American cook wishes position
in hotel or boarding house. 11254 Mission.
YOUNG lady, thoroughly comnetpnt and ex-
perienced stenographer and typewriter, ac-
. cufltomed to law, insurance and bank work,
dfsirfs position In or out of city; highest
references. Box 42«", Call offlce.
WANTED — A situation by elderly American
woman for housework and cooking: wages
moderate and good heme. MRS. SMITH, IS
• Seventh st.
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day,
washing and house cleaning. - Address P. O.
box «W. Fruitvale. i
A FIRST-CLASS Spanish, French and Ameri-
can cook wishes position; does not speak Eng-
-- lish: flrst-class and competent. 608 Stockton.
POSITION by experienced stenographer; ref-
erences given. Address Berkeley Realty Co.,
2147 Center st, Berkeley. '
EXPERIEN'CED German cook -wishes situation
in private family; best city references. 1022
Larkin St.. near Sutter.
TOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer-
wages $0 per week.. Box 695. Call.
WANTED — A situation as upstairs girl. Call
or address M. M.. 12234 Bush St.
LAUNDRESS wants work by the day. 7«
Folsom st. Phone Red 577.
GOOD, honest- Japanese girl wants plain cook-
Ing and housework. 405 Post st.
A ? V m : S TISEMENTS - »««>-tcripUons recelTed at
. Call Branch Offlce. cor. Duncan ft Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
¦EMPLOYMEXr WAVTED MALE.
ENGINEER would deposit~w7th employer"$lOij
in trust for position as collector or assist in
setting up or taking down machinery any
part of the country. Box 673. Call office.
COMPETENT bookkeeper. 5 years' experience
bank, flour mill and export business: wants
position: flrst-class city references. Box 674
Call efflce. , ¦ - ¦ . . ., . •
A CARPENTER wants work: would best lit*
to go with a contractor who mostly builds
BOOKKEEPER with experience and knowl-
edge In all lines; good references: steady and
temperate; fctate salary. Box 658° Call.
A GOOD, strong, active boy of 10 would like a
<*n>€nter wanta Jobbing. Box
uoi, J^ail office. ;¦ .-
•^^ArgSFcSii org™*- clty o71^
WANTED— Position as butcher In market. Ad-
dress T. HARRIS. 252 Perry sf.
BOT- wants to carry morning paper route. Ad-
' dress box 698. Call of fi«- -
ATTOnXEYS-AT-IiAW. '
W. H. BITTNER.
ATTORXET AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322. Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly end legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and Rnrnlsn-
ments for debts; bonds furnis-iied; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates setUeu;
collections made in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and save money; no pay in advance.
Q. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. |
Established 22 yrt*. ; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorneyrat-Law, Exam. bldg..
f.th floor, entrance room 011; established 20
years; all cases; general court and offlce prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Ked ."'Ofil.
GEO. W. AVERILL: advice given in all cases;
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
euits a specialty; practice in both State and
Federal courts. P.oom, 4C3. 4th floor, Parrott
bldg., sr>5 Market et.; phone Howard 2551.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases; divorces, probate and all'other law
cases; no fees In advance: open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market et.. r. 31.
ADVICE FREE]
Columbian Law and Collection Agency,
Room S3. 916 Market St.; tel John (1220.
DIVORCE costs $12: open evenings; tenants
ejected. $5. 91C Market. r.C2; phone Black C.'.l.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice
free: open evenings. 927 Market St.. r. 301.
L. S. CLARK. 827 Market St.; consultation
free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
ASTROLOGY'.
MRP. J. FRANCIS, astrologist: lessons; read-
Inrn hours 10 to 5. Suite 10. Hotel Langham.
U1KDS. DOGS, ISTC.
Sellt-nc outRollerCanary BlrdsTmalesAnd fe-
males; Goldfinch Canary mules. 31CS 10th st.
BUSINESS CHAXCES. '
A — $3500: THE leading restaurant of this city;
rent $150; surrounded by .'• theaters: private
boxes for ladles; a first-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $1COO; SALOON: rent $40; place doing a
good business; clearing for owner at least
S25O per month; patronized by merchants and
printers mostly: no night or Sunday work; a
rare chance. Particulars R. Q. WILKE. -OVj
Kearny et.
A— $1200: CORNER saloon on Clay St.. near
Front: mercantile lunch; rent $43; establifch-
ed years; good business. R. G. WILKE.
2ttVi Kearny st.
A— $SC0: CIGAR stand on California St.. near
Sansome; rent $40; value in sight: a place
where any man easily can clear $200 per
month. See R. G. WILKE. 2(i'i Kearny st.
, A— 51C00; RESTAURANT and coffee Saloon
Just a few doors from Market st. ; owners
clearing at least $300 per month: will give
tr:al to purchaser if he means business;
sickness of one of the partners only cause
of sale. If you invest In this business your
money is well invested. See R G. W1LKU.
2CVi Kearny st.
A— $4iiC0: CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trlct; net rent $05; least; this is one of the
leading and best paying places in this city;
no nijsht work. Call R. G. WILKE.
Kearny tt.
A— SIL'50: DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton st*.;
large stock: clpars at least $25u i>er month;
full value In sight; a splendid oiler. Call
R. G. WILKE. 204 Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms : bathroom, barn. 1 cart. 1 electric
piano: 10 years' lease: rent $*.">; price $3(X)o;
business very good: that is all. For particu-
lars M*e R. G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny et.
A— $1500: BUTCHER shop In Western Addi-
tion: rent $40: weekly sale about 4 steers.
25 Bbecji: 1 horse. 1 wagon: daily receipts
about $40. Sec R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A — t!7B0: CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero St.: lease; a good paying business;
frfsh *tock; all ca.»h trade. Particulars R.
G WILKE. 2«4 Kearny st.
A— $1400; CORNER grocery and bar on De-
visadero St.: owner has a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compel him to
leave for East. See ft. G. WILKE. 26^
Kearny et.
A— $er;» : DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission St.; splendid
chance for man and wife. Call R. G.
M1LKE. 2O',i Kearr.y st.
A— $1500; THE best oyster stand in Portland.
Or.; a man with first-class references can
l^ave $7<x» *tand on the business. See R, G.
¦WILKE. 201* Kearny Et.
A — S500 — BRANCH bakery and candy store,
-R-itti living roo:r.s: daily receipts aboul $10;
rhoit*st location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE. 2<iVi Kearny st.
A EXTRA RARE CHANCE
PARTNER WANTED
Coffee saloon restaurant; l>«rst possible loca-
tion: trade .the wry best; owner O yeais;
elegant in a!! Its appointments; full investi-
gation; price $2.'>Oil.
A. STKSBKRr.. 7S3H Markrt *L
A— CANDY store: only S27. p .
Worth $500
Factory In rear; icr.t ?I2. 'Kor sale only by
A. STENBERG. Z^i\ 3 Market 'et.
OUR new "Duplex-Scale System" won over 2<X>
per cent in the past IS days on Frisco races:
for proofs and references ask any subscriber
on our list, or rail and investigate; explana-
tion free to regular subscribers at our office
' only; corr.ir.i«ions handled r.n this system for
25 per ornt of the n^t weekly profits. Terms
fcr our Handicap sheets. ?2 per day or .$10
per wee*. N. S. HAND, expert handicapper,
rooms 1. 2 and ". 113 Stockton St., S. F.
A— PER CENT
On Investrnrntc of $100 and upward; no "grt-
rich-quick"' swindle, turf speculation or Ram-
bling srheni", but a reputable, P!=tahlish»<l
business enterprise in San Francisco; cleared
$C7.000 last year on $100,000 'capital; stock
Increased J2O.0O0 tn enlarge plant; call
or write for particulars. ,
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A — $". r .O: BRANCH bakery, candy and notions;
full stock; nice fixtures; gcod trade; .'! living-
room's: nicely furnished. Eureka Rralty Co..
719 Mari:«t ft.
A— *<!00: F/HTIT store; horse and wagon; cssh
rccl^ter; »afe; large stock. Eureka Co.. 719
Market st.
CALL and gee the list of lodging-houses from
6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road-
houses, saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery
stables bought fand sold and exchanged;
mon?y loaned on chattels: millinery store to
?-xc hange. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
WANTED — A rtttaurant In a good town or
city ou'sid* of San Francisco; please give
full oarticulars and price asked. Address
box 4S«. Call office.
$6000— SALOON: clear, $500 monthly; have
wholesale house and brewery -reference: 4
years' tease. J. ANDERSEN, ft.'tj Market, r.I.
$7W) — ACTIVE partner wanted in a monty-
maklng nrfice businesn;- no risk; secured by
reel estate. H33 Market gt., room (!.
THE PACIFIC BUSINESS ASSOCIATION,
1HS Market, buys real estate and has
real estate and businesses for *ale.
AN active, sober man: ha\e pmall capital and
service to invest; handy with tools. Box
421. Call.
RESTAURANT, delicatessen store for sale;
guaranteed J200 month clear abo\-» expenses;
make offer, l'-ox 701. Call.
SCr-OO— BAZAAR: transfer corner; 7 years'
lease; rent $50; bargain. Address M. S..
Call Branch, 2200 Fillmore gt.
i Al PATENT 2."»c article, on exhibition ai
l Mfltcos', 4CS Eddy: ba!f $3500: whole $lfi.0OU
I |j *rcand» for M>.000,*K>0; call at 1 o'clock.
$225(K-BUTCHER chop; elegantly ITt ted "up;
splendid location; fine trade; can be greatly
Increased. Box 449. Call.
FOR tale — Lumber yard: good location: excel-
lent chance to get a yard on small payment
down; no agents. Box S73, Call.
FOR - nal# — Oyster and chop , house: cause
• trouble bet. partners; must be sold. 603! J -4th!
HAVE $1000 to Invest with party with equal
amount In business. Box S72, Call.
A BAKERY in good country town to rent.
Inquire 408 McAllister st.
SMALL dairy cheap on account of sickness;
clearing $150, mo. 403 Montgomery, rm. 4.
FIRST-CLASS stove and- hardware store for
sale, cheap, account departure. ; Box 724, Call;
OYSTER-HOUSE 1 for sale; center of Oakland?
469 7th et., bet.' Broadway and Washington.
CIGAR stand wanted on a good corner down-
town. Address with price, etc., box 04S, Call.
I WILL bay a butcher shop In a good loca-
tion: will pay cash. Box 051, Call. -
WANTED — Stationery 'and notion store: state
price; rent, etc Box 443. Call.*
FOR sale — $350; . country 1 -aeksmith shop:
good location. Apply- 16 Beale st.
FOR sale — Outside rout* on CalL Apply 3164
, Twenty-fourth st. ,
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Iflflrgss CcEiiiiiimnHOESJcsroT.KaE^
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE!
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con- ,
r.ect You With the Department You Wish. j
Publication Office Murket and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Clf. Per Week. 73
Cts Per Month. Single Copies 5 CenU
Ttrxrs by Mail. Including Pottage (Cash With
Order):
DAILT CALL (inciud. Sunday). 1 year. .$800
DAILY CALL ur.clud. Punday). 6 mix.. 400
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 75c
Fl-XDAT CALL 1 Year 2-w
WEEKLY CALL, 1 T'tar *«0
TvmPTrv .Oaily..$S.80 Per Year Extra
Pn?-Fi?F Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE (.-weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE 6UBSCRIPTIONS.
Eansple Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers la ordering change or sd-
Crt** should be particular to gtve both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
j-rompt acd correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
I US Eroaiwiy Telephone Main 10S3
EERKELET OFFICE.
tliS Center Street Telephone North •<
WASHTNGTON CORRESPONDENT.
MORTON E. CRANE 140« G Street. N. W.
NETV YORK NETTS STANDS:
Waieorr- Astoria Hotel: A. Eretano. 31
rr.'.on Souare; Murray Hill Hotel; FUth-ave-
Cue Hotel and HoSicin House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherrr.an House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium ,
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNFES..Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTOX Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
CBtil 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOCK Market etreet, opposite Fifth; cpen until
11 f.. m.
tTT Montgomery etreet. corner Clay; open un-
til *»:30 p. ra.
M>0 Hayec street: open until 0:30 p. m.
"«3J> McAllister street; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
CIS Lsrk'.n street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1J>4! Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22^1 Market etreet corner Sixteenth; open un-
til a p. m.
JOfi Eleventh street; open until 9 p. in.
J006 Valencia street; «pen until 9 p. m.
Korthea*t corner Church and Duncan streets:
open until 9 p. m.
Nonhwest corner of Twerty-secnnS and Ken-
tuck Ftrt-ets; open until 9 p. m.
gyo nilmore ftrcet: open until 9 p. ra. .
MEKTi.Ntt j» oriels. ~
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. «!-;,<,
1' i. O O F. — Recular m-etiT-c li«SS%.
THIS <PATT;j>DAY> liVLXi.VG. •^^S^
First de^Tet. **5f>f&$~ ir
WM. B CURTIS P. M.
AFOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. --.••--^7"
112. : O O. F.— Members .-.re -'-'Jj^Sfe^-
¦ ' fled to attend '.w n;-! < ¦ '. ~d£i^&f!&*2
our lete brother. THOMAS T^tmSf* r ,
SIMPSON. SUNDAY 1 :» r m. from hall.
J L. H1LKRETH, N. «.
C. J. srEAR. n. s.
MAPTEIt M.-rir.-tt' BeaeRdrat As«o- # ~3;~^_
ciation— Spffial nieelir.g uil; be held ''."ST^*
• l hrll. PoKt Ft.. f-L'NDAY. 1,'^J*
.Ismisry 24. at 12 m. All mr-mbers ~
of atttnd^rg tii* funeral of our doc^ased
brother. \V. P. X.'VKS from hi» late resi-
dence. 015 Girpwwtcfa st.. at 1 p. m. By
order cf the President.
1.. THAUNG. Uec. Sec.
IT. ANI'REWS t^oiirty— Eurn*' an- - Ov.
r'versary. Hall, 107 Lar-^Qi?^
kin St.. MON HAY EVENING. 2oth "^X€s
January, at S o"clock. There v. Ill '*='-*^*
be sotirs. djets. trios, quartets, recitations.
m4 Instrumental >-€><nicni<. followed by a
*ocisi dar.c^. A.lrr.isai-r.n 1'5 cents. Tickets
si Messrs. John Reid & Son's, 7S Geary St.,
srl the Hans"n & BMck Co., CC3 Montgom-
«rj' «.. also fr"tr. mombers of the society.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN. President.
3. BLACK. Secretary.
ANNUAL M'^?tin»r — The regular annual meet-
inp of the lot o«ner« in the "Mas n'c cet>«tery
¦« ili be bdd at th- MHi^nic Temu:e on TCES-
DAT. February 2. 1!<«'4. at 2 o'clock p. tn.,
for the election of three trustees and such
business ss may lepally rome befcre them.
TIIEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
THr r-aliforria I>ehii s Commission having re-
ceived apriicstions to mine by hydraulic
prnr(»Fg from Lar.T'n«-f <rRnatta. in Alffiom
Dumas placer claim, near Volcano. Amador
Oumy. Csl.. jlrainlnjr Into Dry Creek.
Mrhich roaciies Motelnane Rivrr; from LuiRi
and Victorio Derr.artinl. in Railroad Hill
«:r».ve| rntr-e near ('alavfrita^. Ca!a\eras
County. Cal_ fSrainlnc into San Antone
Orrek. -which r'-arlirs '.'alaverac River. pive«
T><«ices th»t mrorinir will be held at room !M>.
KI«v}<J liuilninp. Pan Francisco. Cal. Feb. 8.
. it**, at 1:30 p. m.
THE ann'-;»l mrrtiric of the •¦torkholders of
th* Si«-rr?. Catlway Caaputf of California
«rtH be h'ld at the office of tho oompanv.
No. 22t» Crocker bu!ldinK. City and County
of S»n Francipco State' of California on
MOXWAV. the Mh <iay of FrbruaiT. 1J**. at
the hour cf 11 oVlock a. Tn.. for tihe purpose
of rlTtinj*; dire.-tors for the ensuing year
and ihe tnnaacttaa of such other bus^n^ss 8s
mav <-.ime beta* said inocllnr. Datr-d at
S«n F"ran<i?r-o. Cal.. Jpnuarv 23 1904 S
D. rRESHMAN. Secretary.
6TOCK HOLDERS NOTICE— Th* regular Bn .
nual jnectms: cf the t-tockholdem of the Red
>1en's Hall Association for the election of
«fte*>n <:ireotor-, to *erve «JurJng the ensuing
>ear. and the transnrtic.n of m< h other busi-
ness as may com* J^fore the nveiinz. will
Ik- l<«ld at We He<J SIrn'5 HaM. 5I0 Rush ft
on TUESDAY. January 20. 1^(M, at H p. m!
CHAS. SCT4LESINGER. President.
C. G. BOLSDORFF. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting:— The rejrular annual~m«et-
irr of the rtorkholflers of the Union Trust
«• of San Krancifco will be held at the
ofrtce of the company in the Union Trust
S Company* building, corner Port. Montgom-
ery «nd Market «s . San Francisco, Cal en
THURSDAY, the 4th <lay of February, 1904.
et the b'.ur of 2 o-<-lock p. m.. for the par-
po*e of eWt'.*nir h boarii Of directors to nerve
for Tr)» fcliowlnK year, the amendment of the
ty-ln«s C f the company and the transaction
rf f'fh other business as may come berore
the routing.
CHAnLES J. DEnniNf^JPecretary.
NOTICE of annual meeting— The regular an-
nual tneetir.it of the stockholders of th*
•.'allfornla Gas and Electric Corporation will
be held «t the office of the company sixth
floor, niaito bulldlnx. San Francisco Csl
on TITESDAT. January 26. U*04 it the
hour of 3:1S p. m.. for the purpose' of *lect-
inir a Eoard cf Directors to serve for tbe
• nsuinr year and to transact such other
business as tray com* before the meetlnr
Transfer books will close on January 20 at
6 o'clock p .m.
C. W CONLTSK. Eecretarr.
Hoom «g.. niaito building, city.
ANNUAL Meetins— nie rerular annual meet-
inr of the stocWiclders of The National Ic
O>mpany will be held r.t the office of the
company. 327 Market *t.. ?m Francisco Cal
"JLv WEDN!::t?I>Ar ' <k " ™ 1ay ° r February.
1!*>4. at the hour of II o'clock a. m.. 'or the
l.«rpo*e cf eJectJnr a boari of directors to
• Tve for tbe enfjinir y,. er an( j t he trantac-
•ion of such ether business as may come
before the rr,e«-:tng.
] J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best Jn America— The Weekly
Call. 1G races, sent to any address In tb«
r- JZl* "tateg cr Canada one year for $1.
AGESTS AVAJVTED.
AGENTS and -folicitors making - less than $10
a dry should sell our low-numbered rold
bond contract*: new plan and doub!« com-
mission. Gold Bond Mercantile Co. 400
Crotfley buildini*:. San Francisco. " •
AT once— lFt-cIass arents to handle patented
novelties m s.n Franc!*co & Alameda coun-
ties; fine chances for St. Louis , Exposition
special term* t0 r^j.t part , e8 . A _ Q •_
«.fc '? A 6^™ i n <J^trial Co.. rear offlce. 4(3
«'Ji tt.. Oakland. 10 to lp.m.l 2 to 6 p.m?
GRAND opportunity; city or country territory-
best oil burner in the market for cook stoves
tancres and Brate*; reduces cost of fuel one^
ralf: agents wanted everywhere WRVvr*
TION OIL BlRNEn CoTI^I^Ion.^
WBITOIff.
HAVING recently acquired throurh"excbaBee
of prcpertjr three *«O scholarship« in the best
Collere of Advertising In the United States
1 will eel! them at 23 per cent discount for
ca»h: the college teaches advertisement wm-
lnr by correspondence and assists u 8 grad-
uates to secure positions; catalogues fur-
nished on application. Address box 3026, Call
nUSilVESS CHANCES— Contlnned.
106-ROOM family Jiotel on finest street in
city; Brand new building; beautiful entrance;
new and luxuriously furnished, catering only
to first-class trade; the cuisine unsurpassed:
hot and cold ocean water baths: every
equipment un to date; clearing $1200 per
month: account of owner leaving city this
fine hotel will bc sacrificed for one-third less
than cost: If 6Old by February 1. price
$15,000. Kxclusively with CAMERON . &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
WANTED — First-class restaurant man with
Fonie money to take dining-room kitchen in
sweliest arartrr.ent house in city: no other
restaurant within 5 blocks. CAMERON &
CO., 3 Eddy gt. '
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal.; ai»says $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg house or business. Cameron.3 Eddy
FOR sale — Well-located candy store; all equip-
ped for making own candjes;. established S
year?; clearing over $200 per month: will In-
voic* about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
HIGItKKT cash price paid for stocks of mer-
chandise. See A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR trade — Income-bearing city property for
Mocks of merchandise; any amount. CAM-
ERON &.CO.
FOR sale— One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 per day; will
bear inx-estiBatlon; price $1500: also one in
Kood location for $350. CAMERON Sc CO.,
3 Eddy st. ' * •
FOR sale — Complete dyelngand cleaning works;
good location. Box 2SQ0. Call office. - . .
VERT low figure; well stocked, good paying
cor. bazaar: must be gold. 1C00 Devisadero.
LODGl>«-JHHi?--K» FOR SAJL.B.
aTcaMeRON ft'col Phone South 1050.""
3 Eddy «.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for roominn-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
106-room modern family hotel: swell loca-
tion: first-class trade: orean baths; everything
up to date: clearing $1200 per month: will be
eacriflcfd fcr one-third less than cost to fur-
nbtb; obliged to leave February 1; price $15,-
000.
20 rooms: rent $75; 2 years' !eas»: Rood per-
manent and transient house; price $1200.
44 rooms; rent only $125; 5 years' lease; run-
ning water: everything In good rendition;
clears $ 125 to $150 vex month: price J.JSOO.
19 room*: corner; rent $95: oak furniture;
good carpets: hair mattresses: part cash, bal-
ance on time.
58 rooms; rent $250; 2 years' lease; well fur-
nished throughout: close in; first-class board-
ing-house: clearing *250 per month.
5 rooms and bath: rent $18: water free: new, ¦
modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
220 rooms; grand, new. modern apartment-
house; elecantly furnished: swell location,
clearing $400 to $C0O per month; golden oppor-
tunity.
30 rooms; rent SW: fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' leas?: clears $100; full; $2000.
125 rooms; first-class downtown house; 5-
year lease: cheap rent: private baths; doing
fine commercial business: reduced: see thl3.
47 rooms; rent $125; good lease; fine location;
some apartments always fulls clears ?200.
11C rooms: new, elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house; one of the sweliest in city; clear-
ing $D0O to $000 month: splendid opportunity.
7-room. new. modern flat: $150 cash, balance
on installments; income $45; price $550.
24 rooms; rent $140; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close In; always full.
1C2 room!": most eleeantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Franclsoo; beautlfnl, mod-
ern huildinK: fin? entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing SM(X> i>tr menth; 5-year lease: part cash,
balance t> rer cent per year.
S rooms; jolden oak. fur.: Moquet carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer.
r>0 rooms; rent only *200; downtown house;
always full; clearing $200 to SrtOO month; new-
ly renovated and in tine condition.
15 rooms; Van Xffs ave.: oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain if taken at once.
KS rooms; bontmi location; elegant building;
luxuriously furnish-d. «II modern convenience*;
grand entrance and halls; strictly up to date;
called East by sickr.ess.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture: Brussels car-
pets: clears $M>: S.".0O cash, balance on install-
ments; price ?SCO.
RO room?; npw nnd elegant building: fur-
ni c hed beautifully and DD to date; hot and
cold water every room: 54000 ca3h necessary.
7 rooms; rent $."S; medrrn house; new furni-
ture:, clears $50; only S40<» cash, balance time.
14 rooms; rent S1O; new and modern little
boarding-house: fine turniture; hair mattresses;
cltaring ever ,$2W) month; price $1000.
24 rooms; rent only $12.">; first-daM condi-
tion: oak., mahosany. b'.rdsfyc manle furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $70; price
$2000; half ca5h. balance 1% Per cent.
21 rooms: Howard et. : rent only $C0; good
fur. and carrots: clearing $1SO per month;
$400 caeta. balance time; price 5900.
10 rooms; rent $50; close In; oak, birdseye
maple fur.: fine carpets; elegant little transient
house: clears $125: part cash; price ;<t>00.
15 rooms: Van Ness ave.: rent !S5; oak. ma-
hogany furniture: always full; price $1200: al-
most new.
RG room*: cheaD rent: furnished lait Juoe;
oak fr.rniture: Kru«els carpets; clears over
$250 per month: half cash, balance 1 per cent;
owner sick In bed.
50 rooms; Bush: rent only $162: good furni-
ture, carpets: clearing over $200 per' month:
only 11 rooms to take care of, balance do cwn
work: a snap.
31 rooms: rent $110; fur., carpets new; clears
over $100 p«r mo.; 2 years' lease; wife sick in
hospital; part. cash; $1500.
10 rooms: rent $45: new carpets; newly pa-'
pered and painted; clears i'M; $150 cash, bal-
ance time. - .
0 rooms; Geary: vnt $20; fine little home- 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200.
12 rooms; rent $C0; enk and mahogany fur.;
good carpets: fine yard and garden In rear-
brings in $G0; leaves balance landlady; price
$300.
0 rooms; rent $35; oak fur., Brussels carpets;
3 rooms rented for $2S: price $300.
8 room.*; new, modern flat; rent $4.'; all light*
cost $1COO: will sacrifice, quick Bale. $600. }
HANDSOMELY furnished. Funny • 10-room
house; rent nn!y $."J,S: splendid lc-atlon in
Western Addition: alr.-ays full; clears $."?">
o\cr expenses, aside from very large room
for owner; price reduced to $(ino; ihe bargain
of the cit-. MAP.1ON OIUFFIN. 100 Exam-
iner building.
WHT pay rent when Andersen' wltl sell you a
lorlplng-liouse on easy payments? ANDEft-
SEN. a'lri Market st.. room 1.
10 KOOMS: cheap rent; part rash balance pay-
ments. J> ANDERSEN, ai.'i Market st., r. 1.
19 ROOMS; ront S7.V price SlHOO- easy nay-
• mrnts. ANDERSEN. 0:t."> Market st.
FOTt K.M..F.— A nOA RHINO-HOUSE: MEDIUM
SIZE; EM-.nANTLY FURNISHED: LOCA-
TION HKST IN THE CITY: LEASE-
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 285o'
SCALE OFFICE .
A— S550; yprclal bargnin; 15 rooms: good loca-
tlcn; rent $3. r >: clears $.')0. Eureka Co.. 719 Mkt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
IB pages, in wanper. for mailing. $1 per year.
CAKl'UT RKATIXG AXI> CLEAMSG.
AIR now univrrsaily used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without remo'.al: !ce moderate:
S. K. Confessed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
l-uliding. Phone Main fi237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eend for SPAUI.DING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-0.17 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning~Works7 1S09 Har-
rison ft.; Al cleaning; 3c: tel. MlRSJon 225.
HOPKE.BROS. ; excellent carpet beating: mat-
stresses made over.!4:{2 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st'.:
tel. Main .104. GEO. WAI-COM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 17OT Harrison St.; tel.Mlssion 203.'
CONKLIN'S Superior. Carpet-beating Works.
33S Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 26. -••
~~~ COLLECTION OFFICES.,,., • .
BAD tenants ejected for $4; 'collections 'made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. 418 Montgomery, room* »-10:f I. B.tfifl. '
COTTAGES TO LET.'
$12— COTTAGE 5 rooms. D Vr\t%C tX~ToiTxfaSh-
ington. between Jones and Leavenworth. '-¦ ¦' :
CTTBES BTTPTTTBi;. '-^^.^
WHO DOES IT? HUNTEf.. 120« Market «U
Send for circular. Why will you suffer? ¦*.;*.
a long rour wmr is shortly supplied
|..PRBIL,. ..FREE. ';';.;Q / uFREE,. g
I Dfryl's Street: Nuirfe Directoru . J
j and Indexed Mii San Francisco |
§ — ~ — Compiled From Official Data— — I
I Free to All Want: Advertisers I
| Bring your Want — ' " • ' »| j r A prcminm such as |
| Ads in early for inser- nr WITT'S ' - Bl this will prove valuable %
Etionin the next Sun- Qc WH s g| p co pj e; a ll B.
| day Call and secure as fi i"IJ 1 i\^ Ur» H^l classes of our citizens I
| an absolutely free pre- \|ffipt Uli™ IW{Un"\lHi' will find use for this |
g mium one of those J H V H;| valuable zcork, and it *
g nana y guides to tan WS surely will never be of- g
g Francisco's streets, iN'DEXEDMAP K| | fercd on such favorable |
§ streetcar service and , M-$ terms again. It will, |
|: the name and address-. FRANCISCO S' 1 h °^ ever > bc on sale ai |
P of every hotel, apart- ". ' | fl// ne , vs agenc i CSf sta - g
g. went house, rooming g | tioners, etc., at the reg- |
§ and lodging house in co^no^^ C7nC[ , L^ TA g | ular p rice jf oc p er |
g This book contains ¦;! ; |
I 157 Pages, in addition * f% I - S
%¦ to a vcrv fine indexed «« ' v "^ — — W'% wint 'Ads for in- |
i: . to a very tine indexed . siklu car syiuhs of thf r •, M' U r ¦ t; rn -it P
§ map of this city, com- ' - _ , , ° v d 3, sertwn tn The Call wll %
I piled from official data ' H _ ZZl^ M I received at The Call %
§ and revised to date. ¦ ' A *> *"*'>*«. h*»* t^Z' ?*?"* ij Business Office, Third %
I Size 25 inches' by 25 "*""'' B v| and Market sis., and at |
I from border to border. \ Fr M:<\ iooS Market st., city g
S The book is positively 1 ij .{Pitts' News Agency) ;%
I correct and up io date; 3Spo^^^?'' fej 1 also at 1118 Broadway, &
| in fact the edition is ' ~^7—^ "^ MA Oaklaitd ' CaL (TIlC $
| just off the presses. v, '«««*. ?»7^r—^. fJ | Call Agency). |
I; THIS OFFER OPENS THURSDAY MORNING AND I
| CLOSES SATURDAY NIGHT AT 11 O'CLOCK. |THE SAN FRANCISCO CALli, SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, 1904.
13
PERSO!»AJLS-— Coiitinned.'_
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday." Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard st, near
8th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm, removed
b;jr, electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson. 139 Post.-
Bon Marche Pants Co.: special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orJem. GOLDSTEIN tc CO., 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse; 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of*The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened st 1008 Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
T~ PALMISTRY. ¦ • - -. ¦ ¦-• ,
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astroio-
. gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. |1; open Tuesday eve, also. 139 Post st
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELU, scientific palmist B13
Taylor st. near Geary.- Phone Flack 3B1.
ETC.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, 1 painting.
Ilartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. cTc.~0'DONNELL-Lo?ace and residence.
1021 H Market st. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. - >
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market. «t.
REMOVED — DR. WONG . HIM. herb doctor,
. treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
. cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Taj, herb doctor, cures all diseases ot human
by use ot herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner' Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
»ases cured by Chinese herbs 748-8 Clay «t.
• ' PROPOSALS.
UMVERSITT~oT^aiifornlarBe7ke'ley— Notice
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men —
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-'
nlshlng,the material*. for the structural steel
and Iron work of California Hall oru the
grounds of the University of CalifornEi at
Berkeley. Cal.. and said bids will be re-
ceived it the office of the Regents, South
Hall. Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of
February 10, 1004. PlanB and specifications
' of said structural steel and iron work have
been adopted and may be examined dally at
offlce of the Regents from 0 a. m. until 4
p m.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
. panied by a certified check or bond of bidder
in favor of the. Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (13) per cent of his
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter Into a proper contract to . faithfully
ptrform the duty and obligations In accord-
ance with said bid and with the plans and
specifications which are hereby required to
' be a part of such contract. The right to re-
ject, any and all bids-Is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. V H
HENDERSON. Secretary. .
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., January 19. 1904—
Sealed proposals In triplicate will be re-
ceived a? this offlce until 11 a. m.. Friday
January 20. 1904, and then opened, for "Do-
Ing* al! the printing, and furnishing all ma-
terial therefor, that may be required at
Headquarters Pacific Division during the re-
mainder cf the fiscal year ending June 30
11)04.' Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production or manufacture, con-
ditions of quality and price (Including In the
price of foreign productions or manufacture
the duty thereon). being equal. The
Unlt*d States reperves the right to reject or
accept any or all proposals In whole* or In
part Information furnished on application
to underelgned. Envelopes containing pro-
posals should be marked "Proposals for
. Printing." and addressed to WM. 8. PAT-
TEN Assistant Quartermaster General. U.
S. A . Chief Quartermaster.
BIDS will be received until' February 15. lfXM;
. for the drilling of an oil well within 5 miies
• of Evanston, Wyo. : plenty. of water near by;
'. coal can be put at the 'veil at from $3 to *:*. 50
per ton; the contractors to furnish everything
and must prosecute the work diligently day
and ' night until completed. Bidders wi'.l
make sera rate bids at so much per foot to
sink 1000 feet, 1500 feet- and 2000 feet deep;
the stze of the hole to be not less than 6%
Inches at the bottom on completion. The
right is reserved to reject any and all bids
If the price Is excessive. For further par-
ticulars write or oall on the undersigned or
FRANK M. FOOTE. Evanston Wyoming.
W. D. SANBORN, trustee, C31 Market st.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.'. January 20. 1004 —
Sealed proposals. • In triollcate. will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., February
20. 1904. .and then opened for construction of
frame kitchen and storehouse under officers"
ward and for enclosing two verandas at the
General Hospital, Presidio of San Francisco,
Cal. Government reserves the right to reject
or accept any or all bids In whole or In part.
Information furnished on application to WM
S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Oen-
eral. Chief Q. M. -
SAN FRANCISCO. Cat.. January 23. 1004 —
Sealed proposals. • In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. February
23. 1004} and then opened, for construction
of frame lavatory, including plumbing, at
Fort Mason. Cal." Government reserves the
right to reject or accept ..any or all bids In
whole, or In part. Information furnished on
-application to WM. Si PATTEN. Assistant
Quartermaster General, Chief Q. M.
¦¦: DIVIDEND NOTICES.
THE Phcenix. Savings,* Building and Loan As- |
sociatlon. 516 California st, San Francisco,
has declared a dividend for. the six months
ending December 20, 1903. at the annual rate
of 1» per cent on general capital stock, tl per
cent on term certificates and 4Vi per cent on
savings accounts, the latter being withdraw-
able tipen tli* same general terms and cond>
tlons at are usual wjth saving? banks. '
The Phoenix has a paid in capital of $1,-
0AO.000 and a teserve fund and surplus of
$210,000. Its directors are; A. A. Watkins,
president: Charles H. Bishop, vice president;
S. Prentlss Smith, treasurer: Clarence
Grange, secretary and managing director;
Gavin McNah, attorney; Charles E. Ladd and
jGf-orge C. Bcardmaru . '
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home BulIcT
ing- Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Back
building. 70S Market st. opposite Third —
For the half-year ending 31st tit December, '
1903. a dividend has been declared at ths
rate per annunv'of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on ami after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LKON-
ARD. Manager HUGH CRaIO. S-cretorv
LEGAL APyERTjSrBaiCKTg.
C^N?U^VL~PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRST' REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice is hereby given that, pursuant to the
proviMon of Article - Eight .of . the mortage
from this Company, to the Central Trust Com.
pany of New York. Trustee, dated August 1.
is-:»a, this Company has set apart out of tt.e
net Income derived by it from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged, the mm of Twen-
ty-five thousand dollars in trust to be used
tc- redeem «ald bonds,' and that bonds Issued
under said mortgr.ge. will be redeemed there-
with and bills are hereby Invited for the sur-
render of such bonds'at prices to.be named by
the bidders, to. the •amount requisite to ex-
haust said sum. Such bids should be ore-
sented to this Company at Its offlce, 120
Broadway, In the City of New: York, on or
before the let day of February, 1904 at
twelve o'clock noon, and should be' indorsed
"Bid* for Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
By. E. H. HARRIMAN, President.
New York. January 2. 1004. .
ST^jtAGg^A^
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72.1-
731 Howard st. nr. Third: ohone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.: tel. Prlve. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dice. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: S40
Mission «t.: tel.' Howard f>41. F. XV. Zrhfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st: phone Jackson 281.
BEK1NS Van and- Storage Co., 11 , Montgomery
tt.: tel. Main l«U0. Shipping at eut rates.
_ TYPE WRITERS^ AKP SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No, 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $23; other typewriters - at
higher and lower prices :¦ rentals $2 60. Ths
Typewriter Exchange. 63C California st
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par.
tlculars of .L. 4k M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont.
;gom«ry'sf "_" .'¦-,."¦.--.¦. . ..¦- ;.-¦._-' : 'I-,..'
A typewriter at , any pri;e: agents Fay-Sholes,
1100; Sun. $40: Commercial. $35: Portal. $25.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS .1 WELCH. '
2D-HAND typewriters sold.' rented. ¦ repaired."
Webster Typewriting Innpec. Co.. SOS Market."
REAL ESTATE— CITY—FOR 8ALa
G. H. UMBSEN & Co!
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
$70,000— Four-story brick building; In the cen-
ter of the business district.
$25,000— Good site tor an apartment house:
Hyde St. : 60x120; 1 houses of 10 rooms
and bath, rent In* for $10O each; Im-
provements of little value.
$24,000— Rents $1950 per annum; very sunny
Western Addition corner; 3 elegant bay-
window fiats: 27:6x100; near the park.
$23,000— Rent* $1CSO per annum; Post st, in-
side of Larkln st: Improvements and
lot 50-foot front.
$23.000— Van Ne.«s ave. : 30x100; house of 1 20
rooms.
$20,000 — Elegant modern mansion on Presidio
._/ 1 Heights; very sunny; unobstructed ma-
rine view; 50x134.
$14,000— Rents $130 ser month; close to Cali-
fornia and Fillmore sts.: 3 new hand-
some flats of 7-8 rooms and bath each;
lot 25:9x132.
$12,800— Rent $1260 per annum; 2 elegant flats
of 9-7 rooms and bath. etc.. each; very
light and sunny; large W-y lot. 37:0x
137:6.
$12,500— Kent $1200 per annum; Howard-st.
business property; store and flat: 25x90.
$10,500— Rent $990 per annum: flats in good
condition; corner In the Western Ad-
dition; 60x76.
$0,500— Rents $73 per month; Hayes St.. near
Laguna: 3 desirable flats of 5-7 rooms
and batb each, and lot 2T feet front.
$0,000— $870 per annum; 3 flats of 7-C-6 rooms
and bath each; room for 3 more flats;
25x122:6; double frontage; Inside ot Van
Ness ave.
$9.0(0— Rent $000 per annum; 3 flats and lot
25x87 :C; Buchanan St.; mortgage of
$5000 at C per cent can remain; this 1»
a bargain.
$S,50O — Bush St.: rent $»30 per annum: 3 sub-
stantial flats of 8-7-U rooms and bath
each; brick foundations; 27:6x137:8.
$8.000— Rent $1020 per annum; near 1st and
Folsom sts.; 50x70.
$6.250 — California st: co«y home; cottage of
7 rooms and bath: brick foundation,
etc.: 25x100.
$6,000— Western Addition residence: 2-irtory.
bath, bay-windows and driveway; 27:6
. xlOO. ...
$0,000 — Rent $600 per annum; Mission warm
belt; 2 nice flats and cottage; 25x122:6.
$4,600— Nice little home on Pine st. ; 2-story
house of 6 rooms and bath and lot, gar-
den, etc.
$4,500 — Rent $540 per annum; near Taylor and
Pacific sts.: 4 flats and lot 37:8x60;
modern building.
$8,50O — Vrry cozy park Danhandlo home cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath: bay-windows:
brick foundations; 25x125.
' $3,250 — Rents $424 per annum; near Market
and 7th sts.: 2 flats of 4 rooms; 24x50.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record containing a list of
properties for sale in all parts of the city in-
quire at our offlce. '
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
. 2O Montgomery St..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots, dose to
Duboce Park; bltumlnlzed utrcets; lota level
and ready to build on; a rare chance to ob-
tain a holding admirably situated and close
to the city at a very- reasonable figure; dia-
gram, price and all particulars at our offlce.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 2O Montgomery st.
Rh«I Estate Agentw and Auctioneers.
A — WHY remain in cold rooms when you can
get warm apartments at the Knickerbocker
Apartmtnto. 1340 Pine et.?
BELVEDERE. 141— Newly furnished 2, 3 or
4 rooms; garden; Panhandle district.
ELEVENTH, 106 — 2 sunny furnished rooms Tor
housekeeping: coal Move.
ELLIS. 611—^Nicely furnished sunny alcove
room; 2 sunny connecting rooms; ga« stoves.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping- privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
HYDE. 514 — Elegant sunny front . suite for
housekeeping; grate, bath. Phone Hyde 930.
LINDEN ave.. 324 — Sunny front room; use of
kitchen for housekeeping for man and wife.
MCALLISTER. 638 — Sunny, furnished suite;
gas. range, hot bath, laundry; adults; $14.
MODEL House. 120B Stockton — Newly furnished
hskpg.. single rms.. $5-$12; gas. bath, phone.
POLK, 612 — $14: bedroom, kitchen; gas stove,
bath; no children.
SUTTER, 2620— Furnished bedroom, dining-
room, kitchen: yard; bath: parlor.
GLENDORE — New apartments on Pine st..
east of Van Ness ave.; & and 6 rooms each,
with bath, steam heat, elevator sen-Ice, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will be furnished
with exceptional beauty and taste and are
now offered for rent unfurnished : tenants
can rent direct from owner, wbo will manage
the buihllnsr. now approaching completion;
open for Inspection. HOOKER St. LENT. 14
Post st.
EL CARMELO — Beautiful apartment bouse;
Just completed; 1719 Washington at., near
Van Ness ave.; 3. 4. 5 and 6 rooms and bath
with each; finished in natural woods; tiled
bathrooms, etc.; genteel residence location;
convenient to car lines; rooms large and
sunny; must be seen to be appreciated.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS. '
Cor. Pine and Taylor sts.; beautiful new mod-
ern apartments; all sunny corner suites; fur- 1
nished. or unfurnished; marine view; phone Pr.
Exch. 443. LYON & HOAG. 7 116 Montgomery.
THE Lunger. 445 Hayes, cor. Octavia — Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths; $40 up: refs.; also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In etegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
HADDON HALL.
851 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
APABTaCBJTTB ¦ WAHTO).
FURNISHED 3-room asartment wanted;
must be reasonable. Box 660. Call.
ROOMS TO LET-MFBrn. and Utttara.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
hous>e. new furniture; every room outside:
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first -claes grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night ,
ABERDEEN, 836 Sutter— Just opened; hand-
somely fur.; cor. suites; bath; sun all day;
fine view; single rms.: tourists; exel. location.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st. — Room*. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 912. near Jones — Private residence; 3
exceptionally large connecting unfurnished
rooms; carpets and curtains; every modern
convenience: 2 very handsomely furnished
rooms (renovated), bath attached; references.
CLIFFORD 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished* sunny rooms ; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 457 — Furnished room, large front par-
.lor; fireplace; suitable for two gentlemen.
EDDY, 7&* — Splendid view of Van Ness ave.;
' an apartment and single rooms; modern flat
FILLMORE. 1021 — Nicely furnished' rooms;
single, double; rent reasonable.. _^^^
FOLSOM. 574 — Unfur. sunny rms. ; grate, closet,
running water; small, ones, from $4 mo. up.
FOLSOM. 1220^- Newly furnished single and
double rooms In new house; terms reasonable.
FOR rent — Furnished front room in new flat;
near Panhandle. Box 662. Call offlce.
FRANKLIN. 45 — Front housekeeping rooms, $3
to $15; also single. $C to $10. ¦
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — looms 35c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $C wk.: reading-room.
JESSIE, 339 — Small, sunny back room for gen-
tleman; $5 month. . -
MANHEIM. €S2 Sutter— Sunny front ¦ rooms;
strictly first class: transient.
MARKET. 1032— Nice, sunny front rooms; also
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
MISSION. S37A-«Flne single rooms, with run-
ning water; closet: $1 50 week and, up.
MISSION. 1063 — Elegant suite: : thoroughly
cleaned; suitable for 2 or 3; bath. gas. phone.
ROYAL- House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
. floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7. . : •
TAYLOR. 624. corner Sutter— Sunny front
rooms; rent reasonable. - :
¦ TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367— Sunny front rooms.
• furnished; $12. ~
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy near Market — 100
rooms, 55c to $1 night,' $1 79 to $A week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running. water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus;baggage.
lmSCELLAyEOUg , r FOR SALE— Con:"
DESKS bought, ' sold "and exchanged. T. '"D."
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush lt»7.
FOR sale— Baby carriage. 1350 Jackson st.
OFFICE furniture, practically new. 519 Mis-
sion st., room 404.
FINE English pointer dog for sale; 11 months
old. Inquire at 130 Ninth st.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 32S
Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
NICKELPLATED ehow case and collar case.
424 Kearny st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. .'EU-
GENE HILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo at.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second*
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st
SOME- good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 H. P. cheap. E. B. Beck A Co.. 122 Mkt
SLOT machines 'cheap; Chicagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIQALUPI, 933 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1318
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— {Jew and second-hand! THE HER>
MAXN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
NEW and second-hand machinery ot all kinds.
KROGII MFG. CO.. S10 Market st
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, eale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post it
SAFES— New and second-hand. B. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. '.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.-
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 4C Fremont st. t
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
I opened et 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 n. tn. ¦' '
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ' , '"¦¦'•'
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie" 8741. or postal.
1 PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; seed postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 1S4 ftth St.: tel Jessie 2851.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
001-602 -603. Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment
Save expenses by* dealing directly. ¦--
Estates, secend mortgages, undivided Inter-
-. ests. assignments of rents, property In trust.
; etc.; legacies, life estates and .undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
: Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
' When You Need Money . v
See HERMAN MURPHY;
~* WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on .
1st, 2d or 3d.
Mortgage, on real -estate or -' . - \
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest. .
Utve full particulars
of property or chattels,
Location, etc.
Box 4(18. Call offlce.
ilONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
• chanis. teamsters, boarding houses, without
' security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cit>cs. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
f liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at -
• per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
: 840 Market; tel. Main 1C14. Branch, 19 Third..
A — 1 per cent on furniture or plr.no: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity: $25 up; quick,
¦ private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver.
; diamond.*, pearls and precious stones bought
ct \V. J. HEBTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL- LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FHOM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unin-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rujms 4S-49, Chronicle bldg,
TQ salaried people without security: on furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Disccunt Agency, 141 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commfs3ion:installments accepted.
BONKLI.l. :;0t Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
- lowest rate; easy payments; no commission.
1170OIarket ifct., room 68. ,
MONEY loaned:, reasonable rates. NORTON
CO.. 708 Market St.. room 207.
ALL. loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bfdg.. 708 Market st. .
STAR Loan Co. -of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. H.311. Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Ir.dorser. MORELL. C09 Examiner building.
HONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $000O for home Industry: large re-
turns guaranteed. Box 573, Call offlce.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
KlmbaU, fancy walnut $30
Collard $.17
Steinway $50
Henry Hertz $T8
Occidental $82
J. &. C. Fischer ;....$99
3 Emersons. walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, same as new. each $187
Colby, cannot be told from new $2.15
Chickerlng $187
2 Steinways. large and small size, al-
most new : $195-$325
Heine. $475 etyle. slightly u»ed ,$2S5
And 200 others.
All pianos sold are guaranteed not to be de-
fective. Examine this list. "«Ve have never
had such a great variety at so low a 'price.
Rents. $2 up; Installments. $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st
A FJNK lot of bargains In second-hand pianos,
Inciuding such makes as Stelnway, Haines
Bros.. Knabe. Baas, Foster, Weber, Star,
Marshall & Wendell. Sterling and other
makes. BTiNJ. CURTAZ & SON. 10 O'Far-
rell St.; nr branches in San Francisco.
THIS week we shall offer some special prices
on stock that we desire to close out before
stock taking; a good stock to" select from If
you come scon. THE ZEXO MAUVAIS
MUSIC COMPANY. 7C0 Market St.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos <also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEH£AD'S storage. 1630 Market st
NEW pianos sold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCIIMITX-A CCf.. 1C McAllister st
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
rew; $1.15. r 237 Geary at
$65— UPRIGHT piano: Stnck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNO BROS.. 21C McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano:
perfect order: sacrifice. Keeffe'a.285 O'Farrell.
6OHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H~
MUI.LER maker repairer. 2 Latham place!
OFFICES AXD STOHES TO LET.
NICE flee office to let: also fine front desk
room. Call at 410 California st... room 21.
~~ l'ERSONALS. ~~
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, linT
proves fts growth, stops falling, euros dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses. scalp; at druggists', hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co .#1333
Polk et.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths; face 1
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 406 Geary.
NOT |iow cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day J •
XV. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine/ habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy 251 Grant ave
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
JIMMY CARROLL'S Academy of Boxing and
General Physical Training School is at the
Lurline Baths. •
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo. ; ladles 1 «ults made
to order; first-class vftork: $10; with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 3S0 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by willow Bark' Co.;
1S39 Polk 'st; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 897 Mar-
ket st. room 20.1: phone South 751. ¦
AT le«3 than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' 'London
Tailor. 721 Market st. ¦,-. .,
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 368 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, > room 38.
REAL E8TATE--CITY— FOR gALH.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEW PROPERT1KS.
ELLIS-ST. BUT.
$82,500.
A SUPERB-SIZED LOT.
COMPARATIVELY DOWN TOWN.
HIDE-ST. CORNER.
$25,000.
175 feet of frontage on best north corner; not
a better site for hotel or apartment house;
wM have sunlight and air in every room.
GEARY-ST. PURCHASE!.
$45 000.
PAYS 6 1-.1 PER CENT NET.
New 4-story building. Just completed.
Under lease.
This is an excellent paying prospective pur-
chase.
BUCHANAN-ST. CORNER FLATS.
$10,500.
PAYS NEARLY 7 PER CENT NOW.
Part of lot is vacant; ran he improved and
made to pay 10 per cent; always rented.
LAGUNA-ST. CORNER.
I1O.70O.
Two excellent build. ng lots for six ' flats;
street work all don?; car lines passing.
JACKSON-ST. LOTS.
15250.
For 35 feet front on north side of Jackson
st. back to Presidio wall.
* $9100.
-For 51 feet frontage on north side of Jackson
st. back to Presidio R - all. with fine panoramic
view of bay and Presidio. '
* 'WEBSTER-ST. BUILDING LOTS.;
$0500.
- 81 feet on Webster «t.
Close to Pacific.
One of the best residence locations In the city.
r ' . . •
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
' ? J12.800. > .
Rents $042 per annum; 6 per cent cet.
Under 7 years' lease to responsible concern.
LEAVEN-wORTH-ST. CORNER.
$15,0CO.
RENTS $130 PER MONTH.
Fine corner building: sunlight and air In al-
most every room; always rented; good residence
locality.
STE VENSOX-ST. INVESTMENT.
$4230. •
RENTS $40 PER MONTH.
One brick an.1 one frame building.
Close to Market st.
Will always stay rented.
PACIFIC-AVE. CORNER.
$40,000.
. ALMOST 90 FEET FRONT.
Best residence, district in the city.
GOLDEN GATE-AVE. CORNER.
$30,000.
SO feet front by- 137:6 feet deep.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
W. J. GCNN,
530 California et.
(Savings Union Building.)
$1,800— Cheap lot: sunny side Union, near
Broderlck: 25x100; $250 first payment.
$40 per month; this lot has a grand
marine view; ready for building.
$2.450— SE. cor. Webster and Filbert: 25x100;
fine corner for business or flats; few
steps from Union *t. cars. :
$0,500— La rkln; 2 fiats. 41:6 frontage; marine
¦ view; each 7 rooms and bath; very
¦ cheap.
$1,000— Two choice lots 50x120; east line of
11th ave.. 150 fefl north of Clement;
elevated ground; marine view; cars. pads
on Clement.
$10,000— Sutter st. : 3 flats; sunny side; first
class; Income. 1130.
$50,000— Pacific Heights; 2 corners. 275xl37:C-
panoramic marine view. '
$3,850— NW. cor. Lake and Fifth ave., 27:Cx
-. 100; fine corner 1 for business; grocers.
look at this; very desirable
$10,000—100x110; choice Webster-st. corner.
$9,000— NW. cor., 137:6x137 :«; W. A.; mari e
view; a fine buy for a builder; very
cheap.
$400 for a Jot In Richmond, ready for build-
ing; well located; street macadamized;
a few steps from Clement-st. cars; very
cheap; fine bargain.
W. J. GL'N.V.
¦ 530 California st,
LOTS". N or S side of Golden Gate Park pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts.. offlce and yard.
$1600— 8-ROOM house wltb lot. 25rI00; 35
Francis «.. I*, block from Mission cars.
D. COFFIN &.CO.. 3303 Mission St.
BUILD on your untmprov^d realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part Jot at 6 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO., Crocker building.
CO j-o-j want a. n!?e bathroom? Call on AHlI
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In' the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
IIBAL^ ESTATE — Conn try— For Sale.
$10 "a MONTH"buys TTo^a^e~7arm"r
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
AVRIOHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock- ranches . orchard?,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., C4S
Market st. ¦
POINT RICtOIOWin HEAL ESTAT E.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 32S Bush St.. room
4. third floor.
WATER front lota and bargains: all tracts;
"maps, photos, etc. HELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'3IENTS
A1.AMROA REU, KUTATE.
HOUSE and lot for sale; finest location in Ala-
meda; bargain. Call owners, 1724 Central
ave. ; no agents.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
HKHKRLEY REAL ESTATE.
LOTS In North or East Berkeley where street
work Is done: near cars and university. Box
1011; Call offlce. Oakland.
BARGAINS — We buy, sell, exchange or build
MURDOCH & CO.. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
, OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ELEVATED tract of 6# acres within Oakland
.city limits. In direct line of city's growth,
* toward Berkeley; well adapted to cutting into
»V lots; only $2000 an acre. ¦
MEADS & BELL,
. 1223 Broadway, Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED,
WANTED — A 5 to "; 8 room bouse. Oakland.
Berkeley. .Alameda- or San Francisco, for
cash: owners, only. Box 420. Call.' . '¦.
; "
GOOD space for . offices, tailor shop or the
like; also basement. 1233 Broadway. Oak-
land.' -' -' •' -•¦¦¦ ¦ •¦¦ ' - -¦ - - ¦¦'..--.,¦--> -
OA^AltPrFraSITUIUEyOH « ALB.
TO-MORROW the day for i bargains in t urnl-
ture.H. Sehcilhaas.llth st.,cor.store,Oakland.
m;\vixg machines and supplies
NEW- HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
-chines;, slightly used; $10, $15. $20; second-
hand. $3, $5, $8; all styles; guaranteed. : New
.Home- Sewing, Machine Co.. 1051 Market st'
$16 CO — NEW improved drop-head nickel-finish.
guaranteed 10 yrs.; 2d-hand sewing. machines'
$2 50. . $.1. $4. ; 145 6th st. ; tel. Jessie 313*. ,
jaEI-T W^TEDj— -TEMA1LE— -JS^I^
COOK, 2 Sn family, no ¦rsshing-. $10.
Cook, scree wash, Ross Valley, foO.
Cock. city, ems!! washing. S30.
4 cooks, German style, $30. $33.
Cook, small hotel, city. $U5.
«Yi<.k. .^an .lose. $'»0.
HouEtworii, .^iii} Anselmo, see l£3y to-day.
Tailor maid. $."t>.
• 4 cecend sins. $20. $25. •
Nu-.scjiir! <"or country. ?23.
d'-nr.iru: uomnn. hospital. $20.
l-auni}r«fs. country hotel, $ - i5.
Woman arni child, ranch. $2v.
N'ur.r~;rl. L'-ycar-uM child, hotel. $25.
Beccnd etr! for Berkeley. $25.
Also a lars>- miml-er ot general housework
St:l>-. city ami country, at S2O. $25 and %tU*.
Aj-j.lv to J. F. CP.OSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
TWO vaitross-6 for hotel in city, wages $25.
A second Kirl '.or 2 in family. $25.
A porvi laundress, $20.
A difhwufhcr for res-taurant. Sfi a week.
A wriitr'-^s for private family. $1 a day.
K. B. — Thifr office opens S:3<» a. m. and
rlcer* 5:^. p. m. MISS I'LUNKETT, «5
Suiter Ft.. r.?e.r Powell.
A BOUSEMAID for a private family; no wait-
ing: wag*? $25; see lady here this morning.
N. B.— This office opens 8:3:> a. m. an I
closes .".::;0 p. m. MISS TLUN'KETT. 42j
Sutter rt m near Powell.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATOR? AND RIV-
ETERS: NO KXPERIENCK XKCRSSARY;
PAID BALABT. LEVI STRAUSS & CO/S
FACTORIES. :<2i* FREMONT ST. AND IS. 3
__MI^.<ION. NEAR* riFTEENTIL
AT Greer.ebcum. Wei! & Michel's factory. 331
Mission M. — Operator* on Crown negligee
shirt*; tx»st price*: steady work: a few in*jL-
perienced hsr.ds will be taken and taught.
WASTED— 25 extra MWiadies for waiets.
" CAILLEAl '£. 114 Kearny st.
* WANTED — £."> extra salesladies for roats ard
suits. CAILLKAUS. 114 Kearny st.
RELIABLE ranch cook: with or without a
rtild; gcod home; good wagey. 4C3 14th «t.
WANTED — Woman t 1 ' do housework and plain
. cooking. T20B Union tt.
PROTECT A3CT girl fcr general housework;
small family: no washing. "T>1S Pine ft.
TOl'NG lady bookkeej^r wanted; references
required: state expri^neee. Box C32, Call.
' WANTED — Kxp<-rj<rnced chambermaid to assist
waiting: wages $25. Hotel Miramar. TOS Geary.
¦WOMAN tQ do washing. 212 Perry st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicurist
wa!it«-4. EHebTa Hair Store, 32S Fourteenth
st.. ' . k-. :
WANTED — An f-xjMrriTio^d woman to travel
with specific line. Box 713. Call office.
WANTED — Bejtmstrease*. Call within three
cxys, «?24 Fan Pablo ave.. Oakland.
GIRL for housework; good position tor right
part}. U22 Kllis st. ._
FIRST CLASS etenograpbers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor. S02 Montgomery.
A BRANCH effice cf The Call for the recep-
tion cf advprtlFemrnts and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WAXTED-MALE.
A — M I -R.R A Y^X^E^^T^^n^SG^cTay^ftT^"
Phone Main !V»46.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
KhC we cave l'.»oi we hope to
<*>,»¦<*» roen work. Increase 60,000.
ITS 8OCTH
SHIP DAILY.
ARIZONA Close to PRKSCOTT
$1, A Rl ZON A S9
25 Woodchopper*
To cut ccrtlwood for big lumber company.
Prices
Redwood SOe t-?r cord
Pinewood jl 25 per cord
Hardwood f 1 5« per cord
MURRAY & READY. 4H4-636 Clay ft.
EH1.VGLE f-awyer, Mendocino County. $45 and
found; t-hiajrle jointer, north. $35 and found:
wood turner, country mill ; nurserj'man, i'M
and found; German-Swiss milkfr, fare p*id,
$35 and found; cook, country hotel, south,
$30 and found: carriage trimmer. Old Mex-
i-^. free fare; 5 married laborer?, with fam-
ilies*; tilaekFinith. run *hop on shares; man
to rrm Mumn jjuller. t2 5<> per day; pastry
cook and baker, country hotel. *5O and
found; boy to learn upholstery trade; chore-
xnan. in«!tutlon. 52<? and found.
MfRRAT & READY. 634-«j.;<J Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. S. .Phone Grant 1S3.
Exr*rienc<«5 hotel clerk of^rood appearance,
country bot*l. steady t«>E:tSon. StO-ftiO.
Experienced storekeeper, countrj- hotel
$."i3-S5<V
Masseuer. sprinjr*. open yar around $30 fd.
Shirt hand finii-her and polisher, first-class
country hotel, free fare ar.d $40 "and found.
2 mangle boye came place, free fare, $1S fd.
Elevator boy no experience nete*seary. coun-
try hotel. 515 ar.d found.
Yegf table gardener, near city $:{()• fanner
fare 5Oc Jl day and board
¦ C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
CARPET talesman for Interior town. $M) [ nd
percentage; Italian choreman, *20 to f25 and
fcutid: Swiss milker and wife. $00 and found-
2 boys to learn trade. $4 week and increase;
Italian chorerr.an. $2«i to J25 end found;
baker, country shop. *4O and found, and oth-
-te J. F. CP.OSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third St.. near
Call bldg. — 4 men who understand grafting
prune tree? $2 u> a day: new R. R. work
n-.uth— 10 teamsters, %'i a day; 10 laborers.
$2 a day.
a— Z " L
M*-n to iearn the barber trade in two months
and secure goo<1 positions; catalogue and full
information mailed frc-e. MOLER System
<"c!lejre, t-55 Clay «t.
BARBERP. take notice— The ofn>e of secre-
tary and Fr**> Employment Bureau has re-
moved to V> City Hall jsq.. or 1M>4 Market st .
Journeymen Barber*" Union Local 148 JOS.
R. ELEILY. Secretary.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
toled when you can get it dene for 25c. 50c
and oOc while you wait at 5»i1 Mission st.
bet. Jst ar.d 2d sts., cr 11 Third st.
WANTED — An enterprising man en a fishing
expedition fr?outh; tiig profit*: some capital
rpyuired. Inguire HERMAN ARNHEIM. 8
Steuart st.
WANTED-Sole leather cutter, edge trimmer
and *etter. hottcm finisher and treer.
WENTWOP.TH a & L. CO.. I9th— Bryant.
AN experienced bookkeeper, country; $50 a
month; steady rlace; t.ne with typewriter or
fhorthaud preferred. Bex 055. Call.
SATURDAY barber. 100 Market St.
WANTED— Man to v&rU. Ir. fruit store 1315
Stockton st.
BOY. 14 years, psint shop and store; $4 week
first tfiiL mor.-.hg. Box 509. Call offlce.
WANTED — Able-bodied man to work in tee
factory In th«s country. Box €52. Call.
FOR xale— T\vo-cha!r barber shop; good loea-
tion; cheap lent, 330 Main et.
WAITER wanted at the Golden West Hotel
CS-7B -EU-i st.
WANTED — Good bushelroan; steady work and
good wages. Apply 308 Bush st.
TKY our mro'e fhes, union made, at $1 and
$1 *0 p»r pair, foot-fcrm shoes at «2 50, or
crtliopf-dic shoes, S3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st., Ksain. bNg., Jl doors from Market.
V.'ANTEL— Thorough accountant of modern
nv tho^s, capable of preparing financial state-
" wr.u cf complicated commercial business;
reTerenc'-e required. Box 422, Call.
HarBEU shop for sale; S chairs, hydraulic.
ccmbJnatlcr. case, first class, up-to-date; be«t
location; v.-iil rtand investigation. Address
A.. Call effice. San Jose.
WANTED - Men and women to learn the
tiarbei trtide; - waif** paid while learning,
call or address WESTERN COLLEGE OF
BARBERS. 047 Commercial st..San Francisco.
EAIiBEKS — Good 4-chair barber shop for sale;
turner \vifh»>» to sell on account of sickness.
'-all st DECKELMAN BROS.'. 106 Ellis st.
100 TOUICG men of 18 years, with good char-
acter, to organise military organization.
lail at 47:: Vciencla st.. bee 6 and 8 p. m.
BOY wanted. Address Cal!, 1006 Market St..
box M.
WANTED — Gocd foundry fcr«mao on orna-
rr.eptai ircn. Box 711. Call.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 828 Bush
*t.. third Borr. room 4.
THREli-CHAm barber «hop for eale: strictly
n:odern K:T Third «t. *
FOR sale— 2 <hair barber shop; cheap; llvlng-
rocms. Apply 1M7 Mi>*:r-n et.
BARBERS— Two-chair shop. $55; snap; come
quick; rer.t $T». H'4 Mlfeaion st. »•
FOR sale— 2-chair barber shop; cheap. 1136%
Fblsom st.
WANTED — Man to drive laundry wagon: must :
have $250. French Laundry Co.. 3372 Minion.
BAILORS and ordinary eeamen for d^ep-water
chips. Arrly L\ENT'E place. 26 Steuart rt. .
__.?JgI.P WASTED MALE-— Con.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520— Montgomery St.— 520
Finest employment offlce in the world.
Phone Main 1191. UPSTAIRS.
COAL MINERS. OREGON" NEW MEXICO.
WOODCHOPPERS— WOODCHOPPERS.
12 woodchoppers. Al job. fine timber, all 4-
foct wood: big money can be made; call and
see us about It; SI 50 per cord.
Cook and chore*, ranch. 820 found: bed-
maker. lumber company's boarding- house,
half fare, call early. $30 and found.
EXPERIENCED business men and women de-
siring mercantile position with good com-
pensation are requested to call on the Royal
Mercantile Co.. suite 19. Columbian building.
910 Market st.. or to 952 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— An aii around bookbinder; one who
can go forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO., 741
Market st.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know
that V.A Rolkln. Keno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms *o the Denver House.
11 , ihlrd st; 250 rooqis; 25c to 50c per nitfht.
WANTED— A first-class carriage blacksmith at
good wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento, Cal.
TB.Y our men's «hoe«, union made at $1 nnd
$1 BO pair; foot -form shoes at 52*00: we pay
express cr mall charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
TENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St.; 14
years practice; references from thousands of
perFons for whom I have secured pensions.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — ,00 rooms; 3Se night; reading rooms;
.free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MEN" to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College, 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan & Church pts.
A BRANCH office of The Caliber the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 56-1 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. '
GET y?ur sTioes half poled while waiting: '25c
to .*k>c. ?><?> Mission st.. *tct. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
FOR Mle— At Eclipse stable, 1375 Eddy st—
1 sp*n bay mares. 15-1 hands; weight 2200;
good drivers; 1 good plow team; 1 cheap
eaddlc horse.
DON'T FORGET THE BIG AUCTION TUES-
r>AY, January 2ti, 11 a. m.. at 1140 Folsom
St.. of 40 horses and wagons, surreys, bug-
gies, rarts and harness; no limit; everything
must be sold.
FOR Eale cheap; 3 spring business wagons.
new; 1 2d-hand wagon. 10S0 Mission.nr.l.",th.
Al nXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gro-cart for sal* cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2d-hanU wagons, buckb'd. pur-
rey.harness.work.driving horses. 15th-Valenela,
UODSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; eend for cir-
cular. G.H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
truubie. Corues Furniture Co., 243-259 Geary
Et* ob the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to leu BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
IXVEgTIlESTS.
BONDS STOCKS AND Mt>RTGAGEsT~~
All dividend-paying securities for sale. •
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st
LOST AXD FOUSD.
LOST — On Wednesday, male foxterrier, with
collar and license; black and tan head and
ears, black mark back of head and two large
black marks on b^l} ; liberal reward. 2340
Jones st.
LOS^T — From Castro car. brown leather purse,
containing key a.n<l small change. Please re-
turn purse and key to Call offlce.
LOST— Thursday night in the vicinity of
Alamo Square an Irish settf-r nine months
old; liberal reward. 1320 Fulton st.
STRAYED — From premises, Friday noon, a
black Cocker spaniel dog puppy; license on
collar No. 2312. Keturn 1407 Gough; reward.
LOST — Skye terrier answering to the name of
"Bosco." Return to 1818 Turk st. and re-
ceive liberal reward.
LOST— Old style gold eleeve buttons, with dia-
monds in center. Return to offlce of "Hotel
fit. Nicholas; receive reward.
LOST — Gold dog collar, ornamented With pearls
and turquoises; finder will receive reward.
Box 309. Call office.
LOST — Irish setter; white spot on head. Re-
turn 122 Hartford st.; reward.
LOST— Pearl stud. Reward at 416 California
street.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. W r YETH,' specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years experience; removed to S2C Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOSH Market St.. opp. Tith.
DR. G. W. O'DOXKELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
compla.ir.ts; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce. 101S Market st.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. I>r. Ccttii.gham. 204 Sutter St. -
MRS. D. ALLEN, 111S Market— Reliable, ladies'
fp**<la!ift; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin, 7.T! Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetric*, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment *10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 yeais* exper.
DR. ROSnN resides 2905 Felsom rt., corner
2Cth; ladie*. relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market st.
DR. NG TOY JCEE. 319 Powell st.^ opposite
Unlcn Stjuare; ail diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES A.\D MI.M.VU.
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns cm? of the most valuable mines in Cali-
fornia, has placed on the market 20.OOU .«nar? 9
of its stock at 20c a share, the par value
being $1. Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent min-
ing expert, is in charge of the work and re-
ports that the richness ot the mine is gaining
rapidly as the work advances: this stuck will
go to $2 a share within the nest J2 months;
interested parties can see the quaru and gold
taken out of this mine at the office of their
fiscal agents.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st
FOR sale— Stock in valuable Tonopali mine;
Investigate. Box 6SS. Call office.
M1SCI2M.ASEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McLN-
TOSU ti WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st
TRY AKCEKTOs roof paint and be convinced
that It Is the only paint that will step all
leaks In any roof, either metal cr shingle; it
Is also the best preservative paint for all new-
metal and shingle roofs, and makes tho roof
last over twice as long than tainted with
any other pa'.nts; It has no equal. Office. 41?
California st, room 21 i telephone James 5710.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? "
Repair it with elaterlte; in- rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
lrcn, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
1CLATERITE ROOFINO CO.. 713 Market »t
ID- HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY CO., 130-132 Beale st
A— Fine suite. $7 50; dress pants, $2 00. Origi-
nal uisflt Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st.
Dear Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A— Buys, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
A LARGE Columbia disc graphophene and 27
10-inch record*, almost new; will sell cheap.
Box VC7, Call offlce.
A FINE selection of trunks, suit cases and
tailor-made suits sold on small weekly pay-
cients. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 25 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
cent free. R. E. Revalk & Co., Ban Francisco.
ALTERATION eale— Best 12 60 . -ata, f 1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, S30 Kearny st, near
Pine: open to 0 p. m. : Sundays to noon. -
TRY our men's shoes at SI and $1 SO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charge*. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3%c ROLL, and up; fine wail paper: samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MKR-
' IG AN, 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and I'nfarn.
VAN NESS ave., 819 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for offlce or club.
WASHINGTON 1402— Large sunny front room
and hath: with or without board.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 70O rooms:
SSc to- $1 SO eight: $2 to $3 week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light in,
every room, rooms from 15c to $1 per night,
75c to $3 per week; open all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch ofBce. cor. Duncan * Church sta.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception.
of advertisements and subscriptions has ooen
opened at 100$ Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open nntll 11 p. m.
-ROOMS AXD B° AJt g^ )W)<w^.
222— 22221 nOTEL^BtATTON"
•77 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished;
! suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table. -
THB WALLACE. 044 Van Ness ave.. cor.
O'Farrell st; room and board. $25 per month;
hcuj* under naw management
CALIFORNIA. 1246— Most select location la
modern, elegantly furnished prlvat* home;
table unsurpassed: marine view. *
: MCALLISTER. 903— A large front room With
i or without board. ¦
VAN NESS ave. 944. corner O'Farrell— Boar*
and room. $25 per month.
THE NIARA. 615 Taylor— Nicely furnished.
sunny suites; also single: excellent table.
SUTTER. 967 (Crjstal House) — Klegant rooms;
board optional: respectable; reasonable.
HOTEL ELSMERE, 41S Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent tabl*; from $40; single $23. r
NEWPORT. 1018 Pine, near Taylor— Lar«» »ufl-
ny Miites; also single room; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California— Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL, 30S — Furnished rooms; bom*
cooking: German family; $0 per week.
POWELL. 602. cor. Sutter — Large sunny corner
room for 2: terms reasonable: also single rm.
' »<¦—^ — — — — —————— ¦ |
ROOMS A*'D BOARD WASTED.
, WANTED^ — Board and room or suite of rooms
for man and wife; rooms must be pleasant
I and homelike. Address, with rates, box 704.
Call offlce. ¦
BOARD and suite of rooms in first-class hotel
or private family for a married couple; gtv*
rites: references exchanged. Box 6S7. Call.
WANTED— Board and 2 rooms for two adulu*
and boy of 12: must be reasonable; stata
price. Box 4C5. Call.
ROOM and board, modern conveniences, for*
gent; private family. 1224 Golden Gate ave.
SUTTER. 2148 — Private, sunny, running water;
good board; all new; free phone. West S6».
ROOM and board wanted for a single man;
dewntown. Box "12. Call office.
STUTTERING A_XP STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cure
In every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
3IARKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Nickolas Schaafs. 35, 213.1 Mission street.
an* Ausruste Boekelmann, 32, 1430 Grov? at
Malk Kaspar. 33, 129 Clara street, and Mary
Pysxora. 23. city.
Robert L. Anderson. 37. 10S>4 Ellis street,
and Mary A. Caley. 27. *!2 Eddy street.
Irving T. Kllborn, 33, Chicago, and Emma
P. Smith. 23, city, x
Charles. F. Merritt, 39. 741 Guerrero street,
and Marlon L. Hall. 24. 221".»i Webster street.
Frank H. Feller. 23. 1202 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Relne Rogers, 25. Spokane.
John J. O'Toole, 21. city, and Christine I-.
Reian. 19. city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. ~"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They mu3t be handed
In at either of the cublicatlon offices an;l bo j
Indorse.! with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the «v«nt are published once in this column.
free of charge.
BOILV.
WARD— In Oakland, to the wife of W.. J.
Ward, a son.
MARRIED.
HUGHES — BENNKTT — In this city. January
21 19<>4, by the Rev. Rufus E. Nunn, pastor
Centenary Methodist Church, Rufus Hughes
and Catherine C. Bennett, both of Dua-
away. Cal.
KILBORN— SMITH— In this city. January 23.
19O4. by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal. Irvin?
T. KHborn of Chicago, 111., and Emma V.
Smith of San Francisco. . \
_"_ — died.
Ahlborn.* William McKenna. Margaret
Bennett Michael HcPherson, Bridget
Campbell. Frederick Marks. Samuel
Coleman. Elizabeth Martini. Farina.
Collymore. Robert Meyer. Clara
Croke. John P. Nealon. James
Degnan. Mary Nelson. Jennie E.
Donahue. Patrick Noyes. Capt. Wo. P.
Doxsee. Leslie B. Prescott Llllias J.
Fish, Gaius H. Prior. Mrs. Mary
Fitx Patrick. Simon Randle. Minnie M.
Galvin. John Rodney. Alfred L.
Hamilton. Mary Ryan. Thomas
Johnson. Olof Scheller, Annie J.
Kelthly. Harrison Schumann. Huso A.
Kiehl. Daniel Simpson. Thomas
Kletzmann. Fredrick Wacholder. Esther
Kolb. Edward A. Walker. John R.
Little. William Wickena. Arthur
Lund. Hanslne P. Wllaon, Mary M.
AHLBORN — In this city, January 22. 1!X>4.
William beloved husband of Lucy Ahlborn.
and devoted father of Mrs. D. B. Uhte. Mrs.
C. Fleischer and Ausust and Henry Ahl-
born, a native of Hanover. Germany, aged
US years 3 months and 19 days.
CAMPBELL— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 22. 15KM, Frederick Campb?ll.
a native of Eneland. aged 55 years.
BENNETT— In this- city, January 21. I0<>4.
Michael Bennett, beloved husband of Mary
Nyban Bennett, and stepfather of William,
J., Harry J. and Kittle Fleming and Mrs.
M. Fitzgerald, a native of Lancashire. Eng-
land, aged 57 years 1 month and 20 days.
A member cf Riggers' and Stevedores' Union.
Local 222.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 24. at 12:3O o'clock, from the par-
lors of MeFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth.
thence to St Joseph's Church, where ser-
vices will be held at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLEMAN— In this city. January 22, 19O4.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late James
Coleman. and dearly beloved mother of Mary
M. Coleman. a native of New York, aged U
yrars 5 months and 12 days. tWebstsr.
Masi.. papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Sunday>, at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1002 Harrison street thence to Pt.
Patrick's Church for services at Vi:'M
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLLYMORE— In this city. January 22. l»>*.
Robert, dearly beloved father of Marguerite
Collymore. a native of the West Indies, asi'd
"\ years 11 months and 29 days. (Philadel-
phia. Pa., and Verbados, W. I.. 1 paper*
please copy.)
C Funeral service* will be held to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:43 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence. 4033 Twenty- fifth street, between
Sanchez and Noe. Interment private.
CROKB— In this city. January 22, 1»>4, John
Plummer Croke, brother of the late Arch-
bishop Croke of Cashel and Emily Ireland,
a nativ« of Mallow, County Cork. Ireland.
aged ti." years.
CFriends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock. <rom the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for funeral
services at » o'elock. Interment Holy cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Elght-
etnth and Guerrero streets.
DEGNAN — In this city. Jantiary 21. 1904.
Mary Degnan. relict of the late James Deg-
nan. and mtther of Thomas, John and Cath-
erine Degnan and Mrs. L. Carolan, a native
of County Sligo. Ireland.
C7The funeral will take place today
' • (Saturday), at 0:30 o'clock, from her lat»
residence, 1133 Folsom street, thenc* to St.
Jessph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the rescae of her
soul at ' 10 o'clock. ' Interment private in
Holv Cross Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero street* Please
omit, flowers.
DONAHUE — In this city. January 21* 1904.
Patrick Donahue, beloved brother of Mr*.
K. Mitchell. Mrs. M. Taboas and the lat»
John Donahue, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland. • '.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
; fully invited to attend the f unerat to-day
Continued on Page Fourteen,
James McGinn. ' Henry Hansen.
I JAMES McGINN A CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
—Funeral Directors and Ernbalmers—
. 214 Eddy it; Tel. South 57*.
BY A riTTING ADVCRTCMNT IN THE CALLThe little bark Vidette, Captain Dodd, which
was seen hovering off the ' port late Thursday
night, - came Into the harbor yesterday: morn
ing anil was tlowed by the tuj.Sea king to
Los Medauos. where she will discharge her
Takes Cargo Up River.
LONDON, Jan. 22. — Tfle offerings at the wool
auction salee to-day numbered 11.410 ' bales.
Competition was keen throughout . and prices
were Arm. American purchases included
greasy half-bred rumhin?, a few lots of supe
rior sreaey South Africa.
London Wool Sales.
Makes a Long Passage.
The French bark La , Fontaine . arrived yes
terday at Astoria, 15)4 days from "Antwerp. v
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
• at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of tha
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
* V SATURDAT . JANUARY 23.
Surt« rises '.. ....'..' 7:21
Sun sets ..5:22
Moon acts 11:04 p. m.
D |H W • IL WJ )H W| |L W|
» | Ft. (~—| Ft. — -— ! Ft. I — —I Ft.
." iTIme |Tlme] [Time! |Tlmel
2.1 I S:24 - 4.91 9:17| 2.6 3:02 3.81 9:071 1.8
24 I 3:59 R.0|10:14 2.1 4:07 ».fl| ft:65| 1.8
25 -|-4:3S 5.1111:18 1.7 6:25 3.4]10:47| 2.2
•jr. 1 r>:-'0 3.:^:12:2^ 1.1 6:BSI 3.4|ll:50j 2.5
27 ! 6:16 5.51 1:27 0.6 3:2O! S.7).....f
- IL W |H.W| -IL..WI- JH W|. .
28 I 0:55 2.6(7:101 5.71 i:\1\ O-Oj »:22[ 4.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given. In the left
hand column and the successive ' tides of the
day in thworder of occurrence as to time: tho
fourth time column Rives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes ¦ occurs. The heights given art In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey chart?, except when a mlnui <— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane ot reference. Is the mean
of . the Sower low waters.
FROM SEATTLE.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydographlc, Office. ¦ U.S. N., Mer
chants' ; Exchange, San . Francisco. Cal.,
January 22, 1904.
The .Time Ball on : the . tower of .the Ferry
building was dropped . exactly at noon to-day —
I.e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.".' Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT. ,
. Lieutenant. - U. S. N., In charge.
Kilburn Sells His Residence?
BERKELEY. Jan. 22. — Paris Kil
burn," ex-State -Harbor Commissioner,
has sold his home at Lookout place
and Cedar street to Captain J. T.
Nash, a retired sea captain and ship
owner of Oregon. The Kilburn fam
ily have not yet decided on their fu
ture plans, but contemplate moving
to San Francisco.
Jhompson believes that "firebugs" set
fire to a can of coal oil In her hotel
at Rose street and Shattuck avenue
last night. She also believes that these
"bugs" are revengeful enemies, who
are persecuting her because she once
sold liquor. The fire was started by
some one putting a_Tvad of paper in
the coal oil can and then firing It. It
was put out without the assistance of
the FJre Department.
BERKELEY, Jan. 22.— Mrs. Mary
Says It's Firebugs' Work.
He pave his name as Charles Peterson, his
as;* a* C4, and when arrested by the harbor
jiolice had in his possession two big, old-fash
ioned pistols recently discharged. Discharg
ing Hrearms In the city limits is the ''charge
registered against him. Fire threatened : the
house !n which lie lives,, ho said, and among
the. things he picked up and carried . out he
afterward found the pistols. Knowing ¦ noth
ing of firearms and fearing these, might be
loaded, h» hurried to the water front, point
ed the guns seaward/closed his eye*', and
pul'.ed the triggers. The police heard the re
port, and Peterson's arrest followed.- '
Were Both Jxmdcd.
The new Spreckels tu? Dauntless. Captain
Shea, arrived yesterday from Grays Harbor
with the new steam schooner .1. H. HIggins
In tow. The lliggins comes here to receive
her engines, which are waiting for her at
"he Fulton Iron Works. The Dauntless left
Qrayp Harbor -with her tow on January. 10
and made th* trip here In seventy- five hour*.
Some heavy, weather was encountered, but the
Dauntless proved herself a splendid sea boat,
and delivered her rhargfl In as good condition
as *he received it anil a number of bourn
sooner than expected. This Is the first long
ocean tow the Dauntless has made.
• * » ¦ — ¦
Her First Ocean Tow.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. For. . I Pails.
Dolphin , Skagway & Way Ports. [Jan. 24
Cottage City. Skasrway & Way Ports. (Jan. 2U
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lKeb. 1
J. Dollar Valdez & Way Ports.. Feb. C
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
January 33.
Chlco Coquille Rirer B pm Pier 2
G.Llndauer Grays Harbor K pm Pier 1*
Newburg.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Redondo... t Los Angeles Ports. 4 pro Pier 2
Pomona r Humboldt l:30pPl»r »
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Colon. -• N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
G. W. Eldei Astoria & Portlandlll am Pter 24
Nebraskan New York direct.. | Pier 25 '
January 24.
jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonlta Newport * Way.. 9 am Pier 11
January 25. | I
C. Nel-*o n - Astoria * Portland' 5 pmlPier 2O
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Chehalls." Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
A. Maru... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier lu
January 36. j
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pmjPler 2
Uqua I Kumboldt 9 am' Pier 2
Corona Humboldt 11:30 pIPier S
.Coronado.. Grays Harbor | 4 pm'Pler lo
Queen Punet Sound Ports. ill amjpier 9
San Pedro. Humboldt . . . .1 4 pm ! Pier 2
January 28. I |
Centralla-- Grays Harbor | 4 pmtPler 10
Coos Bay-. San Pedro'A Way. I » amlPler It
Centennial. Seattle A Tacoma. | R pmlPier 20
Oregon. ••• Astoria fe Portlandlll amiPler 21
Arcata Coos B..&. Pt Orfrd|12 m!Pier l.T
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion! 6 pm Pier 2
State Cal.. San Dtego & Way. I 9 am Pier 11
-*. January 30.
Alliance..- Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier IS
Alameda.. • Honolulu ll «m Pier" 7
City Sydney jj. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
January 31. -
City Pueblf Puget Bound Ports. 11 amjPier 9
I rebruary a. | |
Korea.....! China & Japan....} 1 pmlPier 40
Rainier... I Seattle & Whatcom [ 4 pm|Pier 10
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 30 200 Chollar 25
.".CO Andes 35 20O Con Imperial. CW
200 Andes 34 ICO Gould A Cur. "7
700 Challenge Con 21 100 Sierra Xrv . . ,6.1
10O Challenge Con 25 # 4CO Silver Hill .. <0
100 Chollar . . 2i~
TOXOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE.
Following were the eales on the San Ftsji
dsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Evelyn 25 100 Ton Midway. 40
2750 Mont Ton ..150 200 Ton of Nev.5 50
Afternoon Session.
500 Brun»wlclc .. C«j 100 Ton Bet mom. t£
40O Evelyn 23 <
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 22—4 p.m.
Bid. AsM BM.Aslc.
M r ha 08 10 Justice Oft 10
; AIM * 3 1'I.Kentuck OS 83
! Andes £> -SJ'Keyea Graes.. - 1 ;:>
! Belcher 2j» ««», Lady Wash.. — f*
Best & Belch.l K5 1 i»| Mexican t 7f» 1 "
Bullion <*• 10;OccIdental ... 70 75
Caledonia ... *•"» N0,Ophlr 4 20 4 ::i»
Challenge Con 22 23iOverman. 21 2n
I ChoTlar v 25 . STjPotoat ....... 22 2^.
Confidence .--1 CO I 10 Savage W .">*
Con C & Va.l ¥0 1 B5 1 Scorpion «U US
Con imperial. OZ 04lSe«: Belcher.. OS 10
Con N T .... ««i W Sierra Nev .. «jK rs
frown Point. 20 23 i Silver Hill .. 65 «•'?
East Sierra N 05 — St Louis — 20
Eureka •on.. — TO Syndicate ... 04 ort
Exchequer ..IS 20 Union Con .. 8(5 R7
Gould & Cur. ."7 S* Utah 1.1 U
Hal« & Norc. 70 75 Yellow Jacket S6 33
Julia C5 07
" TOXOPAH MINES
Bid. Ask. • . Bid. Ask-
Esperanza ... — OltTon A'Cal.. — 25
Gold Anchor. 11 — t Tonopah Ex.. 45 —
MacNamara . l n 15, Ton Fraction. — M
Mtzpah Ex .. 25 —Ton of Nev.5 50 6 t 1 '"*
Mont Ton..l 27>-i 1 ::o Ton N Star.. 33 ::T
N T Ton — OH Ton Midway.. — 45
Ray & O*B.. 01 • .n> United Ton.. — • l'»
Rescue* ...... fi.% o«. Utopia ...... — 8*
Tea Eelmoat. Gl 74
Friday. January 22.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 2-t hours from Monterey
and. way port*. -
Stmr Fulton. Lee. 10 hours from Bowens
Landing. Oakland direct.
Stmr Alcazar, Johnson, 11 hours fm Green
wood.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne. 33 hours from Cres
cent City. ' / ¦
Stmr Queen. Cousins, 52 hours from Victoria
anrt Pueet Sound ports. .
Stm.- Alcatraz, Carlson. 56 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Tames S Hierins, Hlggins, 78 hours
from Aberdeen, in tow tug Dauntleas. -' '-.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen, 51 hours from
Santa Monica.
1 Stmr Geo Loomis, Badjter, 9O hours from
Seattle.
Tug Dauntless. Shea,. 7S hours from Aber
dfen. with stmr .Tom** S Hlgglns In tow.
Bark Vidette. Dodd, 8 drvs from Eureka. Up
river direct.'
Schr l.!zxle Vance, Jencen, 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
Sohr G W Watson. Weitftvnat. 15 days from
Port GambJe. via Claltem B\y 11 days. ~.
CLEARED. :
Friday, January 22.
Strnr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego; Pa
cific Cuast Steamship Co. ;••,•
Stmr Geo W Klder. Randall. Astoria: Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation Co.
Br s:mr Wellington. McKellar, Ladjsmith:
R Dnnsmulr's Soiik Co.
SAILED. .
-..Friday. January 22.
Stmr Empire. Macgenn. Coos Bay.
; Stmr Brooklyn, Johannnen, ' Fort Bragg.
. Stmr qiosy, Leland, -Monterey. ¦
: Stmr James Dollar. ThwlnK, Seattle.
Stmr "Greenwood. : Thomraon. » Albion.
Br stmr Wellington. McKellar. Ladysmith.
SPOKEN..
¦Dec 4 — Lat 07 S. long 67 W. Br ship County
of LinllthKow.' from Shields for San Francisco
Dec.S— Lat 57 S, long «9 W. Br bark In
veresk. bence SeDt 19 for London. :
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 22.- 10 p m— Weather
hazyi'wipd XE," velocity 6 miles per hour. ¦
OUTSIDE. ''BOUND -IN. 12 MIDNIGHT.
French bark ' and ' s:br Alpcna - '
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Continued From Page Fifteen.
TO SAIL.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
OAKLAND, Jan. 22. — W. F. Kyle
was appointed to the regular police
force to-day by the Board of Police
and Fire Commissioners to fill the va
cancy caused by the death of Police
man James H. Smith, who was killed
by burglars last November. Kyle has
been a substitute patrolman. The vote
was unanimc-us. > l:J-
Xew Policeman Appointed.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22. — Medals have
been awarded to the following mem
bers of the cadet corps of the First
Congregational Church. For excel
lence in competitive drill. Sergeant
Ralph Fox; for marksmanship at the
annual target shoot, Private Walter
Thellen, Sergeant Ralph Fox, Sergeant
Leon M. Gove and Sergeant Robert
Williams.
Cadets Receive Medals.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Jeanie.. Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 23
San Pedro | Grays Harbor Jan. 23
Atholl : China & Japan Jan. 2 :;
Iaqua:. ; Hnmboldt [Jan. 2:»
Redondo i Humboldt • IJan. 23
Korea 'China & Japan... Man. 2.:
Del Xorte [ Crescent City |Jan. 24
Corona > Hnmboldt IJan. 24
Centennial. . . .) Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 24
Tellus I Oyster Harbor Jan. 25
Edith Tacoma Jan. 25
Chehall* ! San Pedro (Jan. 23
State of Cal... I San Diego & ~Wqj Pta.jjan. 25
Coos Bay .San Pedro & Way Ports* Jan. 25
Oregon I Portland A Astoria |Jan. 25
Coronado San Pedro Jan. 26
S5. iionlca .... San Pedro Jan. 26
Arcata......-'- Cccs Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 2«
Porao ...' Point Arena & Albion. IJan. 20
Alameda [Honolulu 'Jan. 28
Czarina .Coos Bay IJan. 27
Kureka ;. Humboldt 'Jan. 27
City PueWa...l Puget Sound Forts |Jan. 27
Xewport ! New York via Panama. !Jan. 27
Pomona | Humboldt Jan. 27
Santa Rosa. ..; Pan Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 29
Centralia [San Pedro !Jan. 2S
Point Arena.. oMendoclno & Pt. Arena. IJan. 28
Rainier. ...... Seattle & Whatcom. ...IJan. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports IJan. 29
Bonlta Xewport & Way Ports. IJan. 2!>
Rival Wlllapa Harbor [Jan. 30
Gaelic China & Japan IJan. 30
G. W. Elder... Portland &. Astoria IJan. 30
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma I.Ian. 31
Xorth Fork... Humboldt ! Jan. 31
Umatilla Puset Sound Ports IFeb. 1
Ventura | Sydney & Way Ports. IFeb. 1
Memphis 1 Hamburg & Way PortsIFeb. 2
TO ARRIVE.
Slovements of Steamers.
Sltka harbor and approaches, page 04 —
Mitchell Rocks * buoy. Xo. 2. a red flrst-class
nun. reported having drifted behind Aleut
«ki Island December 20, 19<W, will be replaced
as soon as practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
C G. CALKIXS.
Commander. U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
ALASKA
vrASHIXGTOX.
¦VVillapa Bay entrance, page 09— Outer buoy,
a P. S.. first-class can, : marked "W. B." In
white, reported drifted about two miles to
the southward of its position. January 18,
will be replaced as soon as practicable. |
Inner buoy, a P. S. flrst-class nun, reported
adrift January 18. will .be replaced as soon
as practicable. • •
,,^Y a , shInKton Sound . Page .Sfi— Argyle shoal
(Grirlln Bay) buoy, a H. S. first-class spar,
reported drifted near the west shore of Fri
day Harbor January 14. -will be replaced as
soon as practicable ¦ ' ¦¦
Sea coast of Oregon, page :»— Coqull'.e
buoy, a red, first-class nun. reported adrift
January 11. will be replaced as soon as prac
ticable-.
Coo« Ray entrance, pages' 40 and 44— Coos
Bay outside bar whistling buoy. P. S. mark
ed V K in white, repojxed not sounding Jan
uary 11. will be repaired or replaced as soon
as practicable. •
The following affects the Ust of Beacons
and Buoys. Pacific Cpast. 1903:
OREGOX.
Notice to Mariners.
The gteamer Umatilla. which sailed on
Thursday" for Victoria, carried an assorted
merchandise cargo consigned, to the port of
destination and the principal British Colum
bian ports valued at ' $13,508 and Inciudln*
the following: 409 pkgs fresh fruits, 47 pkss
fiesh vegetables. 130 cs egRs. fi9>><> lbs driej
fruit. Stt>2 lbs beans, 205 lbs hams, :{55t» lbs
meals. .*{.%;{ lbs 1 cs cheese 13'pkgs eroceries
and provisions, 24,185 lbs sugar. 372 lbs coffee.
000 bxs paste, ;: cs liquors, 170 gals wine. 4
cs canned 20<> lbs chocolate. 778 lbs
leaf tobacco, :U) c* patent medicines, 1H9.S50
lbs pIk lead. '1 cs firearms, 247 pkgs pipe and
flttines, .'{ bales twine. 2 cs oil. 4 cs electrical
ffood*. 170 pks Cumberland coal, 6 bars steel,
1 drum acid.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried 5.55 lbs dried prunes valued at 113,
en route to Vlrden. Manitoba
Exports for the Xorth.
OAKLAND,. Jan. 22.— Local No. 525
of the . Bartenders' International
League will give a ball next Thursday
evening, January 28, at Maple Hall,
Fourteenth and Webster streets. The
committee of arrangements has made
elaborate preparations and a large at
tendance is expected.
The Plumbers' Union has appointed
an examining board of nine mem
bers to pass upon the qualifications of
all applicants for membership In the
union. The officers of the board are:
President, J. Scott; secretary, A. Cor
don; treasurer, W. Sullivan.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22. — The San
Francisco, Oakland and San Jose
Railway Company has planned to dig
a tunnel between Broadway aryl Pied
mont avenue,, south of Fortieth street,
to overcome the heavy grade at that
point and to provide level tracks for
its projected connections between U»«
Piedmont district and the new ferry
service. The Oakland Transit Con
solidated has petitioned the City
Council for leave to abandon ita
franchise on Fortieth street, between
Broadway and Piedmont avenue. Th!s
is preliminary to the filing of the fer
ry company's application.
The projected tunnel will be 600
feet long and its eastern portal will
be at Howe street, the western level
being at Broadway. The cut will be
dug through property of the Realty
Syndicate and will be wide enough for
two tracks. By the tunnel cut the
company will greatly facilitate opera
tion of its trains into Piedmont.
BAKTKXDEKS WTLL. GIVE
DANCE' IX MAP.LE HALL
YVIIX DIG A TUNNEL
FOR FERRY TRAINS
The overdue Frenchman is a vessel of
2333 tons, and was built in. 1900^ at
Nantes. She is commanded by Cap
tain Guevet.
The British bark Shakespeare, rein
sured at 20 per cent, arrived yesterday
at Valparaiso, 88 days from Newcastle^
Australia. The Martaban is quoted at
80 per cent: Robert Rickmers, 15 per
cent; Loch Brevan, 90 per cent: Castor
and St. Mtrren. 10 per cent, and Alder
grove, 15 per cent.
The French bark' Paris "was quoted
for reinsurance yesterday at 90 per cent
net, ithe highest rate offered since the
lost German ship H. F. Glade figured
on the overdue list. The reinsurance
game is purely a matter of speculation
to the majority, foF few who risk their
money on these particular chances of
the sea have any insurable interest in
the missing vessel. To these, there
fore, the rate at which the Paris is
quoted means that $100 played on the
vessel "to arrive" will net $1000 if she
shows ud.
The Paris was played heavily "not
to arrive" when the rate of reinsur
ance stood at a lower figure. Many of
these early investors sold out as the
rate advanced and some of them yes
terday planked their profits on the
Paris "to arrive," more because of the
percentage than that there is any great
hope of the vessel turning up.
There is some hope for her, however.
She left Hamburg £or Honolulu May
10, or 25S days ago. She was spoken
June 26 in 20.03 south, 39.31 west. Other
ships making the same voyage about
the same lime encountered terrific
southwesterly gales off Cape Horn, and^
it is possible that the Paris may have
abandoned the Horn route after a long
struggle and sailed toward her desti
nation by way of the Cape of Good
Hope. The French bark Edmond.Ros
tand, which arrived here the other day,
was 45 days off the Horn. The Wills
cott, now at Port Stanley, put back
to the Falkland Island port after vainly
trying for a much longer period to
weather the stormy headland. The
Kennebec, also being repaired at Port
Stanley, was twice sent to port in dis
tress by the very storms that may^be
responsible for the tardiness ¦ of the
Paris.
DOMESTIC PORT3.
WESTPORT— Sailed Jan 22— Stmr Westport.
for Sp.n Francisco. •
BAXDOK- Sailed Jan 21— Schr Coquelle. for
San Pedro.
MONTEREY— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Se
quoia, 'rom Grays Harbor.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 22— Schr Maoel
Gale, henee Jan 14: stmr Despatch, hepce Jan
l'J: Kr bark Ua Fontaine, from Antwerp.^-
KTJREKA — Arrived Jan IS — Stmr Noyo, hce
Jtn 17: schr Mary E Russ. hence Jan la. 21 —
Stmr Pasadena, hence Jan 19; stmr Aberdeen,
from Coos. Bay; stmr Corona, hence Jan 20;
stmr Acme, hence Jan 20.
Sailed Jan -'2— Stmrs Kur?ka, N'oyo. Iaqua,
Redcndo j:nd N'avarro. for San Francisco.
PORT J.OS ANt5EI.ES— Sailed Jan 22— Nor
Btmr Hero, for I.adysmith.
COOS BAT— Sailed Jan 22— Stmr Signal, for
San Franrl.ico.
TATOOSH— Parsed out -Jan 22— Xor bark
Rck<»by Hall for Delagoa Bay." .
Pass.-' 1 , tut Jail 'JZ — Etntr San. Ma ten, for
S»n Francisco: Fr bark Col de Villebols
Mareull, for Queer.stown; Xor ctmr. Tellus.
for San FrnncUco: bark Diamond Head, for
San Francisco.
Passed out Jan 22— Stmr Edith, from Ta
coma. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Jan 22— Schr Dora
Bluhm, from Eureka; stmr Santa Monica, from
Rrtlondo; stmr Homer, from Grays Harbor,
via S-p.n Francisco.
Arrived Jon 2"! — Stmr Coronado, from Re
dondo.
Sailed Jan 2- — Bktn Retrlevir. for Port
Hadlock: bktn J L Evlston. for Port Town
send; schr Kins Cyrus, for Tacoma.
PORT H A RFORD— Sailed Jan 22— Stmr Bn
nita, for San Francisco; stmr Coos Bay, for
San . Pedro. • •
PORT ANGEIJ2S— Sailed Jan 22— Schr An
nie M Cartinbell, for Blaine.
FAIRHAVEN— Arrived Jan 22— Schr Reso
lute, hence Jan 10.
REDONDO— Arrived Jan 22— Schr Esther
Buhne. from Eureka.
Sailed Jan 22— Stmr Coronado, for San Pe
dro. /
ABERDEEN— Arrived Jan 22— Schrs W J
Patterson and A B Johnson, from San Pedro;
schr Comet, from Santa Barbara; schr Al
calde, hence Jan 10..
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Jan 21— Ship
Wm M Smith.- for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 17— Jap stmr-
Xippon llnru. hence Dec SO. 19 — Br stmr Mis
souri, ex-stmr Stanley Dollar, from Astoria.
GUAYMAS— Sailetl Jnn IS— Schr Fred J
Wood, for Grays Harbor.
WALLAROO— Arrivtd prior' to Jan 22— Ger
ship tartuylrl?. hence Xov 21.
FAI^K.tUTH— Arrived Jan 22— Fr bark Em
pereur Menellk. hence Oct 2.
CAL.L.AO— Sailed Jan 'J2— Ger Btmr Anubls,
for Sp.n Francisco.
CORONEIv— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Ameri
can, from Kahului, and sailed Jan 22 for
D-laware Breakwater.
GUATEMALA— Sailed Jan 19— Ger stmr
M»niphlp. for San Frfcnc!«co. . '
VALPARAISO— Arrived Jan 22— Br bark
Shakesoeare, from Kcyrattiim, Aus.
'< OCEAX STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Celtic,
from New York.
COPENHAGEN — Arrived Jan 22 — Stmr
Island. ¦ from New York. ,
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Graf
Waldersre. frnm Hamburr.
The French bark Jean Bart In chartered for
barley to Kurope at 13s 3d: wheat stiffening
10p. The German shirt Adolf is chartered for
lumber from Hastings Mills to Iquiqui at 27a
»id, and the barktntlne James Johnson, wirae
business, from Chemalnu9 to Shanghai.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shippin.tr Merchants.
XEAVS OF THE OCEAX.
jargev. Tie Vidette was eight days from
Eureka, and brought 437,000 feet of lumber.
BARK VIDETTE, WHICH APPEARED OFF THE PORT THURSDAY NIGHT, CAME INTO THE HARBOR YES
TERDAY AND WAS TOWED UP THE SACRAMENTO RIVER TO LOS MADAXOS, WHERE SHE WILL
DISCHARGE THE CARGO OF LUMBER SHE BROUGHT FROM EUREKA.
OAKLAND, Jan. 22. — In investigat
ing: the claim of Stewart C. MacMuIlan
for $21,790 80 for discovering "unas
sessed" property. County Expert Sabin
figured out to-day that out of $43,
581 32 worth of taxes, if MacMullan'a
claim is allowed, the county will re
ceive but $7384 32.
In his report to be made to the
Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors it will show that on prop
erty claimed to have been discovered
by MacMuIlan there were taxes to the
amount of $43,581 32 collected. He
claims 50 per cent or $21,790 80. The
State gets its full share or $14,406 4S
and the county is left the balance, or
$7384 32, about half of what the State
gets and a third of what MacMuIlan
claims.
Light That Makes It Ap
pear Small.
MacMuIlan Claim Is Presented in
EXPERT SABIX REPOKTS
OX COUNTY* PROPERTY
FRIDAY. JANUARY 22.
George C and Annie J. Boardman to Samuel
S. Botr-Iman. lot on K line of Franklin street
K< :8>, S <.f Saeramentoi S 40 by K «2:0; gift.
«":ty and County of San Francisco to Andrew
Anderson, lot on KW corner of Greenwich and
UiMgrli Mre*t!i. S 08:9 by W 212:«; $ .
, Sam» to John M. Nowlan. lot on N line of
llaighi street. 63 E of FMmor*. E 75 by N
Same to Emile C Quenel. lot on SW corner
of \Vetei»r Ftreet and Golden Gate avenue.
W 40 by S )»7:<5; $ .
FYank 1^ and Jeanne Paillet to Arthur H.
Denny, lot on W line of Webster street, 62 ¦«
B of EUfl, S 25 by W 87:6; $10.
Arthur H. and Kmily E. Denny to Minnie
IUIum.i (wit> of Henry), name: $10.
Mary Lyons to Alice B. Talbot. lot on E
line of St*>iner itrcct, 2S X of Sacramento X
i.'i by K «:::«l; $!(»._
II>-nry I', ami K1U B. Sonntag to Jame*
N"i<ol. lot > n W line of Seymour street. 75 S
of Tuik. B 2." by W flo; $!(».
George <_'. and Annie J. Uoardman to G<?orge
<?. Jr. nnd Thomas D. Boardman. lot on X
!lne of California street. 106:3 E of Lyon, E
SO by X IZiM**; rift.
Henry Kich to Meyer Galinger. lot on X line
of I-VH street. 15ti:."{ E of Cole, E 25 by X
137:«: $:«
John I'. Shf-ri'Jan to John A. Hoots, lot on
S line of Waller street. ?."> W of Tremont ave
nue. W 85 »>y F 100; $10.
Thomas <jai(?Iey ta Frederick R. and Er
nrstina I.'i^wald, lot on S line of Thirteenth
street. 123.02 \V of Treat avenue, W 25.004. S
117.045. E 25.1ft X 114. :^4; *1(».
Thon.as II. and Jo*-.annah T. Carmody to
Arthur S Pembroke, lot on W line of Sharon
street. 175 S of Fifteenth. S 25 by W 125; 510.
Henry and Anna C. Mohr to Ilulda and Kail
Yhkv*' lot on S line of H»nry street. 240 E
of Quitra. E 2S by S IlSf $10.
Adaru George to riaudio and Annie M. Arata.
lot on R line of Alabama street. 2S5 X of
Tnent\-rourth. X 29 by R 100: $10.
Charles E. and I-izzie T. Evans to Mary F.
Bor.deson (Evan?), undivided one-fourt^pnth
¦ of lot on P life of Tw<>nty-ninth Ftreet. 152.S
W of DouKlaFf. W 101.10 hy S 114. lots 7 and
h Mock « Jurction Homestead: S10.
I>IU. J. Mack. May E. Arthur. Josephine A.
Gordon John A. and James T. McLure. to John
M'l.ure Estate Comnany. lot on XE line of
Vir?t street. 45:3 XW or Harrison. XE CS:9
by KW 23; also lot in Odd Fellows' Ceme
tery; $5.
Thomas and Bridget Geyan to Bertha San
ders, let on XW line of Jessie street, 412
NE of Sixth. XE 21 by XW SO; $10.
.lame* F. ljtwjer to John Wittman, lot on
XW line of Heron street. 145 XE of Eiehth.
XF. 20 by \'W «S» : $10.
Cltarles H. Hamford U Sarah Brodek. re
record ?i*)U D. 47. lot on NE corner of Cali
fornia ftreet and Tenth avenue, E 45 by X
100; *10.
Sarah Brodek to Peter Curry, same; $10.
Thomas F. and Annie CreiRhton to Edward
Ginle-, lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 225 S
of C!ement street. S 25 by E 120: $10.
Herbert F. and Louisa A. Mann to J. F.
Burein lot on W line of Fifth avenue, 95 S
of H street. S 50 by W 120; $10.
Mabry and Ada I. McMahan to James and
Florence B. Pmith. lot on XE corner of Twen
tv-ei;hth avenue and J street, E 132:6 by X
100; ?10.
Maurice I>"Ker to Pauline I.eger. lot on K
line of Twenty-ninth avenue, 150 X of S street,
X 28 bv K 120; itift.
George and Kate Ryan to Stella W. Roessle.
lot on W line of Condon street. 74 X of
Peralta. X 25 by W 7». lot fl. roap 2. Georee
Ryan subdivision Preclta Valley 234 to 230;
$»'.
Han? Mager to Wilbelmine W. Maror. lot
on S iine of Pioche ctreet. 132:6 E of Cam
bridge. K 25 by S 100. block 132, University
Homestead; flu
Thotnn* I, :md Anna P. Curry to B«r/iard
and Amelia Kraft, lot on XW corner of Sad-
I ova and Plymouth atraets, W 50 by X 30,
lot 9. block G. Railroad Homestead: $10.
S. Dura* Company «nd George Ryan to City
and" County of San Francisco, lot on SE line
,i.f Precita avenue, :::U.1.'4 XE of Alabama
street, XE 65 by SE 300. known as Ryan ave
nue, in Precita Valley, 219 to 223; $1.
Same to same, lot on XW lino of Peralta ave
nue. 2»0:0^ XE of York. XE 40 by XW 20S,
Cordon street, in Precita Valley. 234 to 236; $1.
Etnllv H. Moore and W. H. Robinson to Abe
Rosenstein, lot on S corner of Bacon and
Girard street*, SW 120 by SE 125, block 11.
University ilound; $10.
Frederick and Louise Klrchhoffer to Annl*
Creiahton. re-record 2018 D. 359. lot on SW
lire of Geneva street, 1S5:« XW of Howth,
XW 50 by SW 100; also lot 162, block 3. Fair
mount I>and Association; also lot on E line
of Sixth avenue 225 S of Clement street. S
25 by E 120; 510.
| Building Contracts.
A. B. Hammond (owner) with Ralney &
Phillips (contractors), architect Masonry
work, excavation, grading, brick, sandstone.
Kranite. iron and steel work for a three-story
and basement brick residence on N line of
Brcadway. 137 :« E of Fillmore etreet, E 57:6
by X 137 :C; $24,»56.
William Swarthy fowner) with C. E. Xteh- .
ols (contractor), architect Albert Farr — Altcra- '
tion* and addition* to a two-story and base-:
merit frame buildtng on S line of Chestnut
str»et. SO E of L«avenworth, E 49:6 by S 137:«;
$37CO. ' £: :
REAL ESTATE THANSACTIOXS.
"This matter of the appoi-tment cf
appraisers is now looked upon as a
mere formality, but from now on no
suggestions as to who shall be ap
pointed will be received by this court "
The strictness with which Judpe
Greene has inaugurated his advent in
the prolate department gives attorneys
visions cf a year of enforced adherence
to the rv-les of the court. The appoint
ment of appraisers, the filing of ac
counts and the entire procedure of
settl":-:ent of estates is receiving his
Urictest attention.
The entire practice in regard to the
probating of estates received an over
hauling to-day at the hands, of Judge
W. E. Greene, who took charge" of this
department at the beginning of the
year. Last week he i romulgated an
order that no reports of appraisers of
estates should be filed by the County
Clerk until he had examined them.
This morning he read a lacture .*
forty or fifty members of the Alameda
bar that were present In his court
room, it being calendar day, stating
that the old practice of attorneys sug
gesting who should be appointed ap
praisers of estates would be tolerated
no longer.
The matter was brought up by At
torney J. M. Havens, who presented
an order for Judge Greene to sign ap
pointing appraisers in an estate with
the names of the appraisers already
filled in. The Judge took the order and
then said: "I wish to call the atten
tion of the bar to a rule of the court
in regard to the appointment of ap
praisers. I have had an order appoint
ing appraisers in an estate presented
for me to sign with the names of tt.2
appraisers already filled in.
"I do not wish in any way to reflect
on the integrity of Judge Havens and
would be willing to sign an order blind
folded that he presented. I have the
highest regard for the honesty of the
members of the bar of this county and
State and believe as a whole that they
are not surpassed even by the minis
try. But while I can say this of the
bar in general there are members I
cannot trust and to enforce a rule I
i ust do so regardless of who is the
petitioner.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Jan. 22.
Constantio Gratiano. 10 years old,
a witness to the ambuscade and mur
der of his father. Luigl Gratziano,
swore to a complaint this afternoon In
the Police Court which accuses Louis
Orio oi the crime.
The child was with his parent three
weeks ago when the shooting occurred
at Forty-fifth street and Broadway
shortly after a quarrel which Orio had
at the Gratziano home, where he had
been a boarder. Gratziano and the
boy were walking along Broadway
when the father was shot down. His
wound caused pneumonia and paraly
sis and the injury ended fatally' last
night when Gratziano died at Fablola
Hospital.
Gratziano made a dying statement
declaring that Orio was his assailant.
The boy bears out his father's story
and has told the police that he saw
Orio do the shooting.
Dr. George H. Derrick held an au
topsy on Gratziano's body this after
noon, Dr. J. P. Dunn and Dr. O. D.
Hamlin attending. Coroner Mehrmann
will hold an inquest to-morrow even
ing. Orio has been formally charged
with murder.
Oakland Office San' Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Jan. 22.
Judge W. E. Greene Shakes Up
Local Practitioners in an Ad
dress on Rights of Attorneys
Claims Luigi Gratziano Was
Shot From Ambush by Louis
Orio, Who Is in City Jail
WITNESS TO THE CRIME
LAWYERS GIVEN WARNING
Overdue Vessel Is Quoted at Ninety Per Cent Net, the' Highest Rate
S Offered Since the German Ship H. F. Glade Was on the Board— Big
Percentage Attracts Heavy Play Despite the Unusually Long Voyage
Practice at Alameda Bar Mast
Conform Strictly to Rules
Laid Down for Its Government
Boy of Ten Years Hakes Oath
to a Complaint Against the
Accused Slayer of Parent
SWEARS FATHER
WAS MURDERED
REINSURANCE SPECULATORS GIVEN
LONG ODDS ON FRENCH BARK PARIS
PROBATE COURT
IS OVERHAULED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. JANUARY 23,-1904.
14
DEATH NOTICES.
t'ontlnnrd From Page Thirteen.
<i=aturdav). at S:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Gartner Bros.. 1203 Mission street,
•-'tween Eiehth and Ninth, thence to t*.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween J.-nec and L-avenwcrth streets, where
mar* will be celebrated for the repose cf his
.-nul. ooramenclne at fl o'clock. Interment
Holy CrofB Cemetery.
1V1XSEE- In this city. Lerfie Burten I> c "f» •
;-w>loved Bon of Frfd n. and Urac* Iv. IJox-
hee. and broU>-r of I^>rin W«>y Do *?*'- *
native of San Frar.ci*co, a*ed 1 month and
S da>f.
F1PH— In this city. January 2. 19W. GaJus
Halney, beloved husband of Anna Fish, a
r.ative of New York.
riTZ PATRICK— In tb!« city. January 21.-
liKH. 6!mon. dearly beloved bimband of
Msrv Fttz Patrick, and dearlr beloved
•ather of Mary. Simon. James and Rose
Fitz Tatrick. Mrs. C It. fWagner and the
lute Sarah Kiti Patrick, a native of County
l^outh. Ireland, aged To years and 4 months.
V member of ExeSOX Fire Company.
C7"Friends and ncqualntances are respert-
•uily invited to attend the funeral to-day
'< Saturday). «t 8:.:u o'clock, from his late
r*-*idence. 49 Julian avenue, thence to MIs-
«ion Dolores Church, whore a. requiem high
m«*» will be celebrated for the recose of
h's soul. ccmmencinK at « o'clock. Inter-
ment Hcly Cross Cemetery.
GALVIN— January :*>. J904. John Galvin, be-
lnved brotlier of Mlriiael <ialvln and Mrs.
Martin livrne*. a native of KlUorgltn,
County Kerry. Ireland, agrl :w yt-ars.
Cv'j-*nen4» and acquaintance* ar* re*pect-
rullv invited to attend the funeral to-day
.Saturday), at »:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J C O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission etreet,
c thrjice to St. Patrick* Church for services
a: ".* :30 o'clock. ln;erme.it Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HAMILTON— In thi« city. January 22. 190*.
J?ary HaiE'lton. dearly Iw-loved wife of
Charles Cn\ le Hamiltcjii. and beloved Hlster
< f Michael. Daniel. Patrick. Jolin and Peter
Smith. Mr*. H. «51auber. Mrs. K. Martin of
New Vork and tbe late Susan Boyle, a na-
tive of County Cavan, Ireland.
JOHNSON— In this <lty. January 20. 1004.
Olof. beloved husband of iiannah Johnson,
and father cf Frank and Roy Johnson, a
native cf Sweden. A member of Court Star
«>f tfee Mission Xo. 7J:«7. A. O. F.. and the
Sailnrs' I'nion of ihe Pacific.
C7"Kriends and ac<juaintaru-*-» «r< resjject-
fully invited to atVfiiil the funeral to-morn>w
• Sunday), at 1 o'clock, trom the Mission of
the Good sam?riian. Second t-trett. near
Folsom. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlor* of Bunker &
Lunt. 3068 Mission strwt. betw«ea Twenty-
second and T-.\>-nty-third. Ulacloa Masonic
Tempi*.
KKITHLV— In thie citv. January 21. 1904.
Harrison Keithly. a. native of Missouri, agfd
WJ year*.
rTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funrral to-day
• Seturdayt, at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
• •f Halted & Co.. !«4«: Mission street. Inter-
ment OPreps Lawn t'emeterj-. l>y caniaB<-.
KIKHL — In the <'ity and County Hospital,
.lanuarv £1. 1MO4. Uaniel Kit-hl. a native of
Pennsylvania, eeej 45« years.
KIET7.MANN— In this city. January 21, 1i*>i.
Fredrick, dearlv beloved husband of Elisa-
J>"th Kietur.ann, and beloved father of
Frank KSetzmenn. Mrs. Kd Kuhls-and Mrs.
Joseph Rose, a native of Gallow. Germany,
jtr«J €2 years.
tt~TFri»nd« ard acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ihe fun»ral Sunday,
.lar.uary m. 1KO4. at 12 o'clock, from his late
residence. i£o Ch^Btnut street, between Ma-
8nn and Taylor, thence to St. Paulus M. K.
Kirche lor ¦wttcei Interment Mount Olivet
« "emetery, l»>* carriace.
KOLB— In Palo Alto. January 22. 1004. Ed-
ward A. Kolb. a native of Monroe. # Wis.,
;-B' ¦! 40 years.
(HTFiif-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitea m attend the funeral service*
Monday. January 2."». 1904. at Cypresn I^wn
ometerj'- lntermt-nt Cstdkcs Uwn Ceme-
tery.
LITTLE— In this city. January 22. 15«M. Wil-
liam Little, dearly bt-ioved son of Mary A.
Welch. BT^i>so!i <>t L. J. Welch, brother of
the late John I>. Little, and uncle of I-orefta.
William and Man" Little, a native ot San
Francisco, ased Z3 yiars.
inyFriends and aoquaintancf-s are respect-
fu!!y invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ Sunda>>. at I o'clock, from his lat? renl-
•I'ncr, *55 Valencia street. Interment Mour.t
Olivet Cemetery.
6AN FRANCISCO I»ds^ No. 2. Knitrhts t>!
the Roval Arch — You are her«-by notified to
attend the funeral of "»r lare Sir Knight
:in«l brother. WIl!fam Little, from liis late
residence, 4r>5 Valencia street, on Sunday.
January 2i. l'.XM, at 1 »' clock. JJy order uf
THKoImikk LrXSTEDT.
V'ttilant Command-r.
F. G. RONEV, Recorder.
UXD — In Napa. Cal.. January 21, ISkH. Han-
sine P., bHovfd wife of E. P. Lund, ami
mother of Charles and Elizabeth Lund and
the. late Harry Lund, a native of Denmark,
aeed J»:j years 5 months and 7 day*.
tC7"Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ta-morrow
• Sunday). «t 3:30 o'clock, from the ]>arlnr*
.if ;he I'nited I'ndertakers. BOS Mission
street, where wrvices will be- held.
McKENNA— Za this city. January Hi l!»04.
Marjraret. relict of John J. McKenna. muih-r
r.f William J.. .lnlm J.. Ellf-n and Joseph A.
McKenna. and Bister cf Mr". Annie Wetter-
quist and Mrs. EFLher SkcuEl'-l^nd. a native
of Ireland, aged 4> years.
{CTNotice of fuaeral hti^fur. Remains
at the parlor* of J. C. «J'«ronni»r & Co., 1*i~i
Misaion Btre»t. bctneen Tb:rd and Fourth.
McPHERSOX — January — , 1904, entered Into
rest ax St. Mary's Hospital. Brideet Mc-
Pherson. relict of ih»- late Rol*-rt McPner-
a<in, and lovinr mother of Mrs. George
Pougherty and Mrs. Lucy Lfnci v a native of
Limerick. Ireland, ased I." years.
tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to F.ttond thr funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), at 12 •'dock, from the parlors of
Valente. Mar:ni &. Co.. 152* Stockton street.
MARKS — Friends :ire invited to at'.end the
erection of a monument for the late Samuel
Marks at Salem Cemetery January St, at
2:30 o'clock. ? -
MARTINI— In this city. January 22. 1IWM.
Farina Martini, a native of Italy, aged 33
years.
MEYER-In thi.* city. January 22. l»04, Clara,
beloved wifi- of Uaniel Meyer, and sister of
Mrs. Julia Meyer and the late Moritz and
Henry NCwhonae, a nativt- of BvlxtaXK, (»er-
tr.ar.y. aged M years 2 lr.onths and 1» days.
tyFun^ral and intermenl private. Pi«-ase
nm!t fi (V.ers.
NKALOX- In this city. January 22, 1004.
Jamee Neaioa. a name of County Siigo,
Ireland, • at^d 74 years.
NELBON— In this ctty. January 20, ]904,'at
her residence. 374 San Carlo* avenue, b —
t«een Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Jennie
Eleanor, beloved wife of Albt-rt E. Nelson,
•laughter of Mrs. E. Olson, and Fl«ter of
Mrs. G. A. Eliason and Frank W. and Ll»-
lie F. Olson, a isatixe of San Fiancisco.
aj:»d 21 years and 3 months.
C^Jriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, January it. 19O4. at 1:30 o'c:i>ck.
Et Jier late residence. 174 San Carlos ave-
nue, between Eirh?e<»nth and Nineteenth
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn «;em?tery.
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero street*.
NOYES — In Alameda. January 21. 1304, Cap-
tRin William P. NoA>s, beloved hucband of
Sophia Noyes, and father of Benjamin P.,
Annie S.. William P.. Charlf-s E.. Jeanette
S. and Paul P. Noyes. a native of Stoning-
tcn. Conn., eced €5 years 4 months and 5
caya. (Stonlngton, Conn., papers pleaae
copy.)
C7Friend« and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 24. 1304. at 1 o'clock. fro:n the fam-
ilr re«'<1ence. 915 Greenwich street. San
Fr»nci*co. Bervicee under the aus-nices of
the Master Mariners' Association. Inter-
ir;»r.t Cypr««» Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
PRESCOTT— In this city. January 22, 1904,
Lfllias J., widow of the late Leo F. Pre*-
cott, daughter of Mr. s.nd Mrs. F. B. West.
fonnerJy of Honolulu, and fiat*-r of Fred
TV., Charles A. and Howard U. West, a na-
tive of Canada, aced 2» »x-ars 7 months and
4 days.
CTFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday*, at 1:30 o'clock, at her
late home. 222 Guerrero street, betwetn
Fourteenth and Fifteenth. Fan Francisco.
Service.* ot chapel at Oakland Crematory at
4:15 o'clock.
PHIOR — In this city, January 20, 1904. Mm.
Mary Prior, dearly beloved plater of B. Gal-
lasrher of Vallejo, Cal., and Mrs. Ann Riley,
and dearly beloved aunt cf James P.. Mar-
garet and Minnie Riley and Mrs. A. Arnold.
a native of Ccunty Cavan, Ireland.
C7Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
« Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 128 Pae«> street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem hlrh mass
wiU be celebrated for the repose of her «oul
• at 9:30 r.'clock. Interment Holy Crocs
C«r»ctery. by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero street*.
RANDLE — In this city. January 21, l!»04,
Minnie M.. belcved wife of W. A. Candle.
*nd moUitr of Etta May Handle, a native
of Iowa.
CT Member* of Amity Rebekah Lodge No.
1«J. I. O. O. F.. Pacific Camp No. 22S1,
H. N. A., and Goodfellowship Camp No.
•.?tr.::. M. W. of A.. 8nd friend*, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
Sunday, at 1:43 o'clock, at Eureka Hall.
I. o. O. F. building, corner Seventh and
Market streets. Interment Cvpress Lawn
Cfanetery.
OFFICERS and members of Amity Rebrkah
I/x3£e No. i«;i. I. o. O. F.. are hereby noti-
fied to asfcrnhle at 1 o'clock Sunday at their
hall to attend the tuneral of their deceased
•ister, Minnie Randle. By hrier of
K. M. HOWARD. N. G.
ALMA JEEEEN. Secretary.
HODXEr-In this cjir. January 22. 1904
Alfred Laurence R<x«nev. younireet son of
Jam* i? "and Man' Rodney, a native of "San
Francisco, aged 2 months and 28 days.
RYAN— In this city. January 22. 1804 at the
residence. 5t!A Ccnv«rse street. Thomas be-
loved liu*baii<l of Marrarot Ryan, a native
«sf fnumy Cavan. Ireland, aced 68 years S
nonth« and 15 days.
SCHELLER— Xd tbis cltj', January 22, 1904,
Annie .Johanna Scheller. beloved wife of the
late Robert E. Scheller, and mother of
Florence and Kitty Scheller, a native of
California, aged 35 years.
E7"Remalni» at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 7tf7 Mission street, between Third
and Fourth.
SCHUMANN— In Redlands. January 19, 1904,
Hugo A. Schumann, son of the late Louis
A. and Emma Schumann, and brother ot
Ix)uis Schumann, a native of San Francl»co,
aged 35 years 3 months and *i days.
C^Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Germsnia Club are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, from the Native Sons'
Hall. 414 Ma»on street, under the auspice*
of California Parlor No. 1. N. S. G. W.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SIMPSON— In this city, January 21, 1004, en-
tered Into rest, at his residence. 1207 Mis-
sion street, Thorna*. beloved husband of
Mary Ann Simpson, and father of Henry
H.. Georpe L-. Thomas C. Alfred H.. Jo-
eeph I), and the late William J. Simpson.
a native 'of Carlisle. England, aged 7(» years
4 months and 5 days. (Newport, R. I., pa-
per* please copy.)
C7"l">len«is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner * Market and Seventh streets,
¦where »ervice» will be held tinder the aus-
Ijlcet! of Abou Ben Adhem Lodge No. 112,
I -O. O. K. Interment Cypret* Lawn Oeme-
terv. by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and O'lerrero street*. Remains at ihe par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. T iri7 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Kindly omit
flowers.
WACHOLDER— In this city, January 21, 19W,
Esther, dearly beloved wife of Benjamin
WacholUer, devoted mother of Joel, Sam,
Sara and Hattie Wacholder. Mrs. M. H.
• Marks. Mr*. C It. Srtein and Mm. <\ A.
Wilson, and sister of Senator E. I. Wolfe,
Mn». Leon Grfraberg, Mr». Kam Wolfe, Mrs.
Louis Rothenberg, Mrs. Carl Staahlgren and
Mrs. Joseph Weissbein, a native of Hull,
Kngland, a*ed 4H years 5) months and 2*J
day*.
lETFrienis and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 10 o'clock, from her late residence. 1041
O'Farrell street. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Ometery. via the electric funeral car
trom Eighteenth and Guerrero etreus at 11
o'clock.
WALKER— In Oakland, January 21, 1004. at
H2 l^fwls street. John H. Walker, cousin of
Mary l>- Kidlow, a native of Florida, aged
M» yearn It months and IS days.
WICKEXS— In this city. January 22' 1JHK,
Arthur Wickenu. beloved brother of John
and Thomas Wicken*. a native, of England,
air«-d U5 yeaia.
£^*Notiee of funeral hereafter.
WILSON— In this city, January 21, 1904,
Mary M.. wife of Frank Wilson, dearly be-
loved mother of Veronica J. and Mary 1.
Wil»on. loving daughter of Michael »nd
Catherine Geracht}-. and sister of Michael,
Kate, William and the late John Geraghiy.
a native of Walthani, ' Ma*s., axed :t4 years
10 months and day*. A member of "Cali-
fornia Circle. No. 103, A. O. F.
CFrienrts and acquaintance? are respect-
lully invited lo attend the funeral to-day
at S-..10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother. 310 Langton rfieet,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem hleh mars will be celebrated for the
repose ot her soul, commencing at W o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.Hides; Tallozv, Wool .and Hops.
Previous price* .'rule for Wool. Hides and
Hops and the latter are still quoted' very firm.
"HIDES AND SKINS— Cull* and brands .sell
about ViClc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers ttc: medium, 8c; llghu~7*»c; Cow Hides.
TUc fcr. heavy, and. 7«c for light: Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip. »e: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
10%c:' dry Hides. 15©l«o: dry. Kip. 13c; dry
Calf lSc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25930c each;
short Wool. 4OSC5c each: medlcm. 7OgB0c: long
W'col, ?l<gl 50: Horse . Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $?>£Z2 50' fcr medium. $1 27>Tc 1 73 for
umali-and 60c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 70 f«--r large and $1 50 for medium. $1©1 25
for small «nd 500 for Coltn. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry . sailed Mexican/ 25c; dry
Central American. ¦31c Goat Skins— Prime An
gora?, 75c; large and smooth. 50c: medium. 35c;
«roaIl. ! 20c. - ' ¦
TALLOW — No. 'I rendered. 4c per lb; No.
p. au.c: grease.. 2 *>4©.Te. , • ' ~ ¦",.-'. . ¦ ,-
WOOL— Kail clip — Sa- Joaquln Lambs*. B@
lie. Middle : County.. ll®12c: : Northern :De
fective. .n<SIOc: Nevada. 13i815c: Oregon fine,
lP-WlOc: Oregon . medium." 17c per .; Ib.
HOPS— 27<8.'!Cc- per lh . for - California, 1903,
tr.u 17J51S-: for crop of 1904.
STOCK MARKET.
Morning Session
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
200 Alpha Con .. 10 100 Mexican ...1 72»-i
4CO Andes 31 10O Ophir 4 SO
3CO Belcher .12 CO Ophir ......... SO
10O Bullion 10 5<iO Overman 25
ICO Caledonia ... 9.1 30O Potosi 25
50O Challange Con 25 5<> Savage «0
100 Chi liar 27 10O Sierra Nev .. 73
100 Confidence ...1 10 4(0 Sierra Nev .. IS
100O Con Imperial. 03 30O Sierra Nev .. «7
300 Con NY.... 08 10O Unton Con .. M
40O Crown Point. 25 10O Union Con . . 9«
*lf>n Crown Point. 22 10O Union Con .. 97
loo Gould & Cor. 37 ' 20© Union ' Con . . *n
40O Mexican 180 10<> Union Con ..~R5
200 Mexican 170 200 Utah 14
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 30 2CO Mexican IB
SOO Andes 31 600 Ophir 4 25
200 Belcher 2$ 100 Overman .... 23
100 Challenge Con 22 200 Potosi 21
50 Con C & Va.l 55 200 Potosi 22
500 Con Imperial. C3 10O Savage 53
20O Gould A Cur. 38 30O Sierra Nev .. M
40O Gould & Cur. 37 j 10O Union Con .. 84
400 Mexican . 1 70! SCO Utah 13
9C0 Andes 32 30OSavase 5»
300 Challenge Con 25 lm) Savage ...... !W
1500 Chollar 26 2i>0 Savage 57
55O Con C A Va.1 C5 pco See Belch«r.. .09
500 Con NY OS 10O Sierra Nev .. 7O
300 Crown Point. 22 fOO Sierra N«v .. «7
500 Justice 12! r.0rt Sierra Nev .. 68
700 Mexican .....1 70|I3OO Union Con .. S*
ICO OccldenUl ... 71: 200 Union Con .. 8«
10O Overman .... 22 600 Union Con .. R7
500 O\'erman 21 2C0 Union Con .. S3
300 Ophir 4 70 800 Utah 14
"00 Ophir 4 75 200> Yellow Jacket S!»
5OO PotosI 24 i 200 YeUow Jacket 33
500 Potosi 23'
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Follo-wlns were the sales on the San Fraa
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
Mining Stocks.
CL'RED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb tor
heavy. 11 '-ic tor light medium. 13>4c for light.
14c for extra - light and 10c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lS^c: California
Hams, 12»i® 13c: Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl:
extra Mess. $12012 50; Family. $13; prime
Mete Pork. SIC: extra 'clear. $24; Mess. $18:
Dry Salted Pork.' -lMjc; Pig Pork. $28: Pigs'
Feet. $5 25: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD-^TIerces, quoted at 7c Der lb for
compound and 0%c for pure; half-barrels. pur«.
OVje: 10-lb tlus, 10c; 6-lb tins. 13fcc; 3-lb tins.
lOHc. ' ¦¦ ' * ' - ¦-.¦-"_
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8Tfcc; thret
half bsrreli, S'Sc; one tierce. SHc; two tierces,
Si.ic; five tierces. 8%c per lb. ¦ •
Chicago was steady. Wires from there said
that tho country continues to buy and the pack
ers continue to make and sell. The outsiders
may force prices temporarily higher, but with
liberal receipts of Hogs stocks will so on ac
cumulating.
. There was no further change In this market.
Pro7'isions.
.RAISINS— F. o. b. prices. Fr-sno. for 1903
rrcp: 50-lb boxes— Loose Muscat-Is, 2-crown.
GVic per lb: 3-crown. TSc: 4-crown. «Uc; Seed
lees Muscatels.' 4>4c; do. floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4*>ic; Thompson's Seedless.
B^c. London Layers — 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown,
$1-35; 4-crown clusters, $2: 5-jerown Dehesas.
$2 CO; 0-crown Imperials. $3: Malaga Loose. 2
crown, 5c per lb: do 3-crown. S^c: Valencia
Cured. 4',4c; Pacific, do, 3?4c: Oriental, do.
2->4c Seeded Itaislns — 16-oz packages, fancy.
8c per lb; choice, 7%c; 12-oz packages, fancy.
(l%c; choice. OJic: In bulk, fancy. 7?4c; choice.
7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13U0Mc:
No. 2. ll^©12c; No. I hardshell. 13S13U'C;
No 2. 11011 ">c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10i,4c for I X L. lOWc for No Plus Ultra and
Sfic for Languedoc: Peanuts. CD' 7c for Eastern;
Pecans. ll«13c; Cocoanuts. $1 50@5: Chest
nuts. 8C10C per lb.
HONEY — Comb. ip®ll»4c for white and 8Vi9
Otyc for amber: water . white extracted. 5<f>
5%c; light amber extracted. *H'P-t?i<': dark,
BKESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
FRUIT — Apricots. 7y,@9?4c for Royals and 9
011c for Moorpjirks: Evaporated Apples. 4@
5>4c: sun-dried 3@4c; Peaches. 4©Gy a c; Pears,
6@10c: Nectarines. 4S5V4c; Figs, white. 4UM%c
In boxes; black. 4!$c: Plums, pitted. 6@Oo per
pound.
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2V4'52'»4c for the four
sizes. . .
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
There Is no further change to report in this
market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . . ¦-
BEEF— O^iy'^c for Steers and CgC^c per
lb for ¦ Cows.
VEAL— Large. 8<S9c; small. fKHOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. S>«@0c: Ewes. S83V4c
per lb.
LAMB— 10011c per lb. . ,
PORK— Dressed HcgF. 7SSV-C per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. S«Oc: Cows and Heifers.
7©«c: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 484 *4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4S4Vic; Ewes. 4c per lb
(gnrfs weight).
LAMBS— 5c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs 140 to ISO lbs. 5U©5^e:
over ISO lbs. 5c; soft Hogs. 4 Vic; Sows, 20 per
cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40
per cent off from above quotations. '
General ' Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5*&§5*:4c: San Quenttn.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32835c; Fleece Twine. 7ViO
8c.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $3: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $0 60; Bea
ver Hill. $(j; Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7:
Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland. 113 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13: Welsh Lump.
$11 50: Cannel. $S 50 per ton: Coke. $11 500
13 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases.
add 5c Linseed. 4!>c per gallon for boiled and
47c for" raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. I 70c:
Bakers' AA. SI 10©l 12: Lueol. 44e for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. CG«70e per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 63c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil SOc: natural winter Sperm Oil. "Ac; extra
blenched winter Whale Oil. 65c;- natural Whale
OH, 00c; «xtra winter strained Lard. Oil. 85c;
No 1 Lard Oil, 75c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: light Herring Oil. 45c:
dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 3Sc; boiled
Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled Paint
OH 35c j raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
In bulk. 15c: Pearl Oil in rases. 2l%c; Astral.
2lV.c: Star. 21V>c: Extra Stnr. 25Uc: Elaine.
27V-C; Eocene. 24ijc; Dedorlzed Stove Gaso
line*. In bulk. 17e; in cases. 23'4c: Eenztne. In
bulk 13c: In cases. 19»4c; SC-degree Gasoline,
In bulk 25c; In cases. 31c.
"TURPENTINE— SSc per gallon in cases and
S2c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6UQ
7c per lb: \Vblt» Lead. 8%07c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com- i
pany quotes aa follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.65c:
Powdered. 5.50c: Candy Granulated, 5.50c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dr- Granulated, coarse,
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. R.40c: Beet Granu
lated (100-ib bags only). 5.20c: Confectioners'
A. 5.40c: Magnolia A. Se; Extra C. 4.00c:
Golden C. 4.S0c; "D." 4.70c: barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 25cmore: boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
ba«s. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.»0c: boxes. 6.15c: II. A E. Crystal
Domino*. S.40c per lb. No orders taken for
lr tt tl-jm »eTenty-flvp barre»- or Its equivalent.
Receipts of. Produce. . . V»
'- - -;¦¦-:* .
FOR FRIDAY. JANUARY 22.
Flour, qr sks . . S.433 Corn', ctls '..... 560
Wheat ctls .... 4,150 Screenings, sks. 2,227
Barley" ctls .... 0.335 Tallow ctla ... 221
Oats, ctls 1.033 Pelts. No. 4,412
Beans sks 1.075 Hides. No e55
Rye. ctls 420 Sugar, ctls .... 1 440
Potatoes, ska . . 4.C20 Quicksilver, flks 31
Onions, sks .... 25 Leather, rolls ... 94
Bran, sks 1.160 Wine, gals 76,100
Middlings. 8ks.. 335 Raisins, bxs ... so
Kay. tons 422 Paper, reams . . 25
Straw, tons .... 20 Chicory, bbls... 25
Wool, bales:... MjLlme. bbls 409
Feed, sks ..... . 76; -
. 'WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. !>.000[Oat«. ctls ..... 3 03*
Wheat, ctls .... 11.94S|Bran. sks ..... 1 8"4
OREGON.
rota toes, sks .. 70'Wool. bales .... 4
NEV\ Jan, 22— Another day of ac
tive and varl«>d trading in etock marked the
j;ropre*E ct the speculative camiialgn taken
„ up. in the last re w days. The manner in
which enormous blocks of stock in thousand
. fhare loia were hurlt-d trorn one Krtlon of
the market to another was sufficient evidence
;tr.at leadership of the market was in daring
kr»d .powerful hands. About the only news
c from a stock markr^ standpoint was made up
«f surmises as to the personality of the newlv
active speculative "arty and the identity of
their operation?, whether on the buying or
'.jtfce •¦elling side. Some of the Bel*' • was
done in the interm of the principals
.'In the leadership, while their brokers were
also buyir.g at other points with ostentation
: *nd vociferation. The usual difficulty in
ftr. -ing skillfully conducted e;x-culative opera
. tions wae therefore felt on the part pt the
°;»nxiotis board-room traders who sought to fol
'low the movements of the larger operators
. The popular rupposition was tfcat the newly
: active tarty in the stock market included
: «peeulative elements that have been prom.
¦ Inent In cotton aud in grain during the r»cer.t
activity la those markets and that something
like 1 pool has been arranged by which these
various elements were acting in concert to
Mft the jtr;ces of stocks to their own profit
The trading presented all the characteristics
*><' the period of activity of euch organized
*pecu!aik,a. The 1 lying and bidding up of
rrices was skillfully shifted from one to
anpther* <jua«f-r calculated to affect opfnon
cr the market pjf a whole, and seiing at
, <ilfcer points ru carried on in the realizing
«. profits. Late in the day the reactionary
ten<iency became fairly general binder the
.weight of the saline to rfaiiie. and the level
of prices receded materia!!y from the highest.
The laic seiiir.g was somewhat aggravated by
• tnr reran of a banking failure in Cleveland
end the downward tendency was cot very ef
; fectua!ly arrested before Ihe close, which was
urs:t«-a<ly. . Amalgamated Copper and Southern
Pacific ar-J 1'cnsslyvanla were held ba^-k from
th<- nnerei advance by F.eles to realize on
yceterdajs gains-. Sugar was notably Rtronc
favorable ertimates of earnings, felted
Ettlci Steel was late in advancing e D 4 did
. r.ot hold well.
. „ The b/ > nd market was active and generally
r.rm. Total fales. fpar value). $8,315,000.
TTrited States bonds were all unchanged on
• m • Xczc York Money Market.
NEW TOEK. Jan. 22— Mor.ey-On call.
i vo. i T ;^r~ jfr cent; c'.csirg^bid. 1?; per
c*^t; effered at 2 per cent.
'Tim*-- laana — Easy; sixty, day* 3 per cent
r.lii-. ninety days. 34 per cent bid; eix months
ZfPA per rer.t.
Prime mercantile ;si,.r — i^35 per cent.
fiterling <xchar.se— Ea^y. with actual busl
r.'y -" l"*nk*-rt.' bi']c at $4.Kr J %«5|.gfj fgj- d e .
iraiifJ ar.d at ILnsOtt^JBU for e!xty-day Mils
Posted :-ate>— $+ S.'I I * ; C4 kC.i.
(¦"r>KTn^rc48l bUis— $4* S3
. . Hsr »grer— m»c
Mrxlcan dollars— I3J^ C .
r>-ftds — tJovtrnmenus. steady; railroad* ir
rr r^>r.
Preasury Statement.
TTOX. Jan. 22— To-<Sa>-*« trrat
nt: AvaHahle cash bala-ir* S*»*»1 .
3. ?S€,5O-_'.soo caiance. 5 — ,.
_ £W YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock.— s a! e«. Hlrh. Low. dot*
-Atchlf>n 7».900 ¦ 70»« W'i "O'l
AHhisun pfd •(.«?«> fi2?i 00'i Ol-l
Kalfirnure & Ohio. 2J.C0O K3*Z k:\. Kl
Bait & Ohio pfd... 2frr» ai 91 f»oii
Canadian PatiSc... 10.700 12J14 H9U l"o'
1 r»n of New Jersey. ;.;. jfijj^ j«iit jfli
Ctiesapeak* & Ohio. ~.wio 3r»*«i' TIT* 3«tz i
• Chicago A Alton. .. i.«no :s«t' .-.« . '¦.<> "
-Chi * AJton pM... 2.7W JCi M>!4 8t«
O-.i Creat W'ertern. 2.70H 17*4 17*. 17%
fWCWfipfl.. 4m 31* 30H 3014
rrhfCJE* 4: Hf W istiO 170 jcs«4 i«f»u
f1»i Term A: Trans. 4i)rt n jq« j^v
Cht T & T pfd •Bi'i 24'i Z3K 2»>*
f. «*. C & f?t Iyiuis. •.'OO fu>~i SO 7!»U i
?"¦olorado Snuthcrn. ~(*t ZX'1 lRii ISVi I
roin Kt»;th lot r>fd. i.<i«« ss r.s ns
<7ol«».Kocth 2<1 r-fd.. I. Tort 2Ts« 2R
Delaware &¦ IJudson l.ww J'X'4 107^ l«7'i
Petivrr & nio O... 2,<v*» 4 23 «2'i
T>en & Kio C, pM.. 1..W 74 14 7*?»4 73U
Kr!e H.noft 2^1^ 38*4 2s*ji
Krir J't r>fd Kl'«» <«Ui O 0!» |
Zirl- 2<J fii COO 43 4S»a 4&*i ,
XczjL- York Siock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22.— On account of crippled
wire service outside tradlnj was light in the
wheat Dit to-day. The market opened .weak,
' largely because of lower cables and large Ar
' gentlne shluments. Another factor was a'
report of additional rain in the Southwest,
effectually . breaking the long drought In that
section. May wan a shade to ¦'XtJrVic lower
at 01 Uc to »lT4c at the opening. The sintl
ment among Dit traders seemed to be de
cidedly bearish and they were inclined to sell
freely. During the first half hour prices de
clined ranidlv and May was soon Felllnc at
91>ic. " Ope-nlng buyinc l>y the bis bull opera
tor terr.Durarlly checked the downward ten
dency and some recovery was inaiie. On every
break the prominent lore would send in buy-
Ing orders ip an endeavor to upport the mar
ket, but his efforts were of no avail. Prices
continued to sink uptll May had touched OOVic,
a decline of lv'»c from the opening, which was
the hish nolnr of the day. The close was
weak, with May at OOUc. July ranged be
tween SlUc 3rd S3C. clCElnc at Sl^ic, a loss
of ITic for the day.
Corn vai sub3ectid to about the same ex-,
perience as -wheat, •¦with th? ro«RlbIe excep
tion that the pit crorvd was lees fearful of
selling corn than wheat. Closing prices were
weak at nearly the bottom figures, May Kc
lower at 49 1 ,4@43>ic.
Oats displayed some weakness In -sympathy
with wh(»at and com. A fair demand from
commission houses and local traders, how
ever, rn'ifea p. Fteady feeling. The market
was affected somewhat by the weakness In
wheat and corn: After opening a shade to
He lower at 42**iJM2 l .4c May sold oft to
41Sc, but closed steady at 41^,0.
There was realizing In lard on an unusually
large scale, but in spite of this selling pro
visions ruled firm. A strong hog marker was
the tirinclpal bull factor. May pork closed"
5c hleher. lard was up 10c r.nd ribs 2 1 /.Q5c
higher. . -' ¦
The leading futures raneed as follows: .
Articles— Oi>en. High. Low. 3loseT
Wheat So. 2— . \
May • 01 01% 00'i 90*4
July SS S-: R114 Sl%
September 7S% iS?4 77*^ ' 77'£
Corn No. 2 — . ' ,
January 4J>T4 45'i 45",4 45»i
May - t>0 50 4RTJ, 4»H
July 4SV4 48^4 47»> 47«4
Oats No. 2— , ' '. • ;
September 33',* Xl% r,T " 3:!
January ;.....'. -» 3!< 3S»4 3:> -
May ...••.. 42H 42'i 41^- -41U
July.. .. "TtVt ' 37T* 37V4 ~ y'%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January ..: 13 12*4 .-IS -12*4 13 12V4 13 12^
May 1-1 32«4 13-40 13 SO 13 32^
Lard, per 10O lbs — ' . . . . "
January .7 10. 7 12V-. 7 10 "7 12V,'
May 7 27%i 7 37 Vi 7 27'4 7 35
July.,. 7 35 r-T-37}i 7 C2"-i 7 37 ft
Short Ribs, per 1 CO lbs— , •
January ..«-42U H 4.V (I 42H « 45 ,
May :.......... 0 72*4 « 77Vi « 72% H 7JV
July d $2*A (i fZt <¦ 82^; 6 85
Cas'i quotations veie a? follo-ws: Flour,
flrtn: No. 3 sDrlns wheat. 75©S7c: Xo. 2 red.
JWftJiOl'&c; JSo. .2 corn. 45 3 54c;-Xo: 2 yellow,
4J<c: >Co- 2 pata, SOSTT.I'^c; No. 3 white, .'.iH^Oi
40Uc: No. 2'ry^. W.-ic: »^>od feeding barley.
40c; fair 1 to choice malting, 471?58e; " No. 1
fliixF^pj. SI fl'^i: No. J Northwestern, $1 12»i;
prime timothy seed, $3 25;' mesi? i>ork,' per
Chicago Grain Market.
1 . - x ¦¦¦¦'¦ y ¦ ¦ \
S Sliver was le lower at 56%c, It has been
• steadily declining of late, and on the ICth was
i oOc. There i3 no further change In exchange.
I Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 «U%
1 Sterling Exchange, cables ;.. — , 4 87%
j New York Exchange, sight .... — 12"^
j New York. Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
! Silver, per ounce 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 © 46
IVhcat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets showed no
change worthy of note. Chicago declined from
81 Vc to OOUjc. with considerable long Wheat
coming out. Bradstreet's gave the exports
from the country for the week. Flour included
at 3,500.000 bushels. St. Louis wired that the
! long drought In the southern part of the winter
Wheat belt has been successfully broken, as
rain, followed by snow, .has fallen over the
cer.trai portion of. the winter Wheat country.
There was no change of any consequence in
this market. . . ¦ .
CASH WHEAT.
California Club; $1 SS^©! 42H: California
White Australian. $1 45@1 50; Northern Club.
, $1 3S94®1 41%; Northern Bluestem $1 47W0
! 1 50; Oregon Valley. $1 40.
.FUTURES.
¦ Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
May— $1 38. •
2 p. m. Session. ¦
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 37*4 ?1 37% $1 U714 $1 37^
BARLEY — The market continues very quiet
and featureless. ' '"
CASH BARLEY. :
Feed, $1 07}iS?l HH'j Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 15&1 17>/4: Chevalier. $1 17V461 40 for
fair to choice. ... »•..¦.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open v High. Low. Close.
May $1 CK5% $100% $1 0C? 8 $1 OC'i
2 p. m. Session.
Mav— $1 07 bid. $l / 07"Xi asked."
OATS — Conditions remain as before anil quo
tations are unchanged. The demand Is not
overbrisk but offerings are not heavy.
White. $1 tICJjl 35; Black. $1 25^1 53; Red.
$1 2C«1 :*2 J 4 for feed and $1 W®! 35 for seed;
1 Gray?. $1 3214 P«"" ctl -
CORN — Previous prices are quoted, with a
quiet market. - . , . . .
Western sacked. ?1 25@1 27«4 for Yellow,
$1"-25<SI TiV* for White and $1 22»4 for
Mixed: California large Yellow. $1 r.2%; small
round do SI 40©l »0; .White. $1 33 per ctl:
Egyptian." $1 45@1 55 for white and $1 25 for
browr. . ¦ •
RYE— $1 25O1 30 per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— $1 73@2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstttffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60©
4 85 usual terms; Bakers* Extras. $4 60@4 CO;
Oregon and warhlngton. $3 0004 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 0004 40 for Bakers*.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $:: 25: Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
i t~: Corn Meal. *•'« 25: irxtra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats •"$? r>'>: Hominy. $4{J4 25: Buckwheat
Flairs $4 50J?4 75; Cracke-d Wheat. $3 73; Fa
rina $1 CO; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bb!«. $7 25@S CO; In sacks, $c 75®8 10;
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Pean. $5 50 per 100 lbs. .
Hay and Feedstuff sJ
AH quotntlons remain as before". Hay and
Feedstuffs being quoted firm, with the latter
in light supply. , '¦
BRAN— $20 50«121 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27@28 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $20 60021 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Bartey.'$23 50(824 50
per ton; Oil' Cake Meal" at the mm. $28^29 50;
jobbing $30: Cocoanut • Cake, $21®22; Corn
Meal $2S@28 50; Cracked Corn, $2S@29;
Mixc-d Feed. $22023; Horse Beans, $30^10 per
ton. . '-•'.' ' , --
HAY— Wheat. $U®17 CO: Wheat and Oat.
$14fflO 60; Oat $14JJ16; % Wild Oat. $13315;
Barley $12$U* 50; -Stock nominal — non» here;
Alfalfa $12013 50 per. ton ; - .. - „,
STRAW — 50® 75c per bale. • •
Exchangc'and Bullion.
A firm feelina: continued to prevail In the
Apple market and stocks of the higher grades
were light.. The top quotation for fancy stock
was shaded, as there was nothing on the mar
ket that would bring the previous quotation.
Stocks of common Apples have been greatly re
duced during the past week and such as they
are arc steady under a good demand from ped
dlers and others.
APPLES — JJ1 25®1 63 for fancy. 75c0$l for
choice and 40>S63c for common.
PEARS— Winter Nellis from cold storage.
$1 7562 ner box. .
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50®2
per box for fancy. $1 25®1 73 for choice and
7r<of£$t for standards: Seedlings. 50cg?l:
Tangerines, 50ciQ$l per box; Lemons, fl 75
02 6O for fancy. SI 23® 1 5O for choice and
75c©$i for standard: Grape Krult. Sl@2; Mex
ican Limer. $4@4 50: Bananas, $1@2 per bunch
for Hawaiian and $2C2 50 for Central Amer
left); Pineapples. $1 50&2 50 per dozen.
Conditions and prices In the fruit market
showed but little change from . the previous
report. The cold weather continued to discour
age trade in Oranges and other Citrus fruits,
and most dealers found It Impossible to effect
sales of ordinary stock, even at liberal con
cesBions. The large sizes of fancy Navels
were still in comparatively light supply, -but
there was lees disposition on the part of deal
ers to hold such stock at high figures. Stocks
of Japanese Mandarins are entirely cleaned up
and th--: quotations are withdrawn. There was
a fair attendance at yesterday's auction sale,
but the bidding was slow and fruit went at
rather U*v prices. Four cars of Navels, in
cluding the car of fancy Redlands fruit that
was withdrawn on Wednesday, were sold as
follows: Extra fancy. $1 C0@2 40; ordinary
fancy. $101 50; choice. »0c@$l 25; standard
50cfi$l 10. The top price for extra fancy was
obtalnrd only for six boxes of !>6s. $1 00 being
the highest for the other sizes.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — IO T Co 6». — —
Bay CPC 5s 151^ — Do 5s 109 —
Cal C G Dc — 107 Do con 5s.l01H — .
Cal C & E x Oceanic S 5s. — 73
m & ct 5s. — 104 Om Cable 63.122U —
Cal-st 5s 114 — • \P9." G Im 4s. — OS
C C Wat Bs. — 104 > 3 Ry Rs.lM'i —
Ed L & P 6s- 120 — 'P * e H 6S.103S —
F & C H «B. — 117 |P A O R «s.ll7 —
Oe«ry-st 5a.. 45Vi OO lpowell-«t «s.H3Vi
II C&S 5H»-104 — |SE G«R 5s. — 101
H C & S .V. 98 T ,i 09Vi SF & SJV39.11S 11S^
Hon R T 6s.lO6 . — Sierra R *a. — 112
L A Elec 5s. — — Is P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.. 114^115X4 tl9C9> iftRt^ —
L A L Co f.3. — — M910) 106% —
Do gtd fis. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 104H (19C5)Sr A.104 104*i
LAP lcm 5S.102H — «19<W)Sr B.104*i —
Mkt-st C es.llS — (19Ofi> IO3I4IO6
Do lcm 5s.ll4»411544 M912) 117 H —
NRR of C69.105U105S SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
Do 5s U7& — Do stmp<MW4t09
N P C R !i. - — S P B P. 63.13.1*4 —
N C R 5s.. — 112 S V W Cs.lO6Vi —
N C P C C». 05 10O Do 4s 2dm. WJl, —
N S R R 5s. — 10OU Do 4s 3dm. 99<-4 —
0 O L H Os. 107*4 — 9t>- O*E fis — 103
O W gtd 5s. — 80 lU G & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — — 'Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co... — 63 IS V XV Co.. 40 404
• GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP.— «K[8 F O & E. M»i 59
Mutual E L. 8*i — iPtkn G * E. 5 —
t Pac L Co.. 53Va - |U O & E.. - 39
Sac E G & R — — I
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — I
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 350 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 13f> L P & A — 179
Anglo-Cal .. S»Vi J>2 Mer Trust... — 240
Bank of Cal. — 460 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 151 S F Nation!. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2300 Sav & L So. 85 —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U. — C50
STREET RAILROADS.
California ;. 107LJ205 (Presidio .... 40 41- •
Geary — 80 I
POWDER.
j Giant 61 »4 63 ! Vtgcrit — 5
'• SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — jKllauca S P. — 3
[Hawaiian C. 43 >, 45 Makaweli C. 21 22
I Honokaa S C 12 13 Onomea S C — Si*
I Hutch SPC 8% 8*4 Paauhau S C — 14%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P AJ2S 139% Oceanic S C. 4S 5
Cal F C A. MH — Pac Am FA 5 6
Cal Wine A. — 05^1 Pac C Borx.167 —
Mornlns Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers* Association ... 1 M) 12'i
lift Alaska Packers' Association... 140 i»>
It) Alaska Packers' Association... i;g» 7.*t
1» Contra Costa Water 4i> 25
3O Contra Costa Water, b 30 4i> 25
35 Contra Costa Water 4i> (X>
10 Makaweli 21 5O
5 S F Gas & Electric 50 30
10 S F Gas & Electric ! 50 25
50 S F Gas & Electric 5J) 0<>
10 S F Ga» & Electric, b 3 59 OO
5 S F Gas A Electric 5H S7H
$2.0CO Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent. 117 5O
I $13,000 Pac Electric Ry 5 per cent 105 00
I Street —
50 Giant Powder Con 62 5f>
, 10 S F Gaa & Electric 59 75
$5,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 8s... 9f> 00
j $C,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. 105 UO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 California Fruit Canners 83 00
5 Mutual Electric Light » S«
20 Mutual Electric Light 8 7.1
10 Spring Valley Water 40 25
California Stock and OilExchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 40
Apollo 42
Associated Trust Certificates. IT ....
Aztec .... ....
California Standard 12
Caribou 1 50 3 00
Central Point Con
Chicago- Crude
Claremont 5ft 55
Esperanza 150 ....
Four CO
Fulton 4 00
Giant
Hanford 140 CO 142 0»
Home 1 07»i ....
Imperial ••••
Independence 13 ....
Junction 1 "
[Kern 4 50 4 75
! Kern River ,12 CO
Lion 01
[Monarch (of Arizona) 33 41
j Monte Crlsto 75 • 77 H
Occidental of W Va
Oil City Petroleum 2S ".0
Peerless 15 CO
Pittsburg
Reed Crude 4 50 ....
S F & McKIttrlck ....
San Joaquln O & D ....
• Senator • *3 ••••
; Sovereign 3T SB
I Sterling 2 ""
•Superior 05 07
1 Thirty- three '. 6W 7 00
Toltec 1!>
Twenty-eight 4 25 4.W
West Shore 3 00
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 1 30 1 «>
Alameda Sugar 29 CO
American Biscuit 50 CO
American District Tel ....
! Cal Gas 3c Electric Corp
: California Cotton Mills St> 00 93 UO
I California Jockey Club
California Shipping Company .... ....
Cal Title Ins & Trust ....
: Central Bank o Oakland ....
Chutes Company . . - •
Cypiess Lawn Imp Co 6 23
Fischer's Theater 2 2.V
Oast Consumers' Assn ....
Honolulu Sugar 12 OO
Northern Cal Power 8 50 ft fft .
North Shore Railroad 2O CO
Orpheum Company 16 OO ....
Pacific State* Tel & Tel ....
Parafflne Paint 35 OO ....
I San Francisco Dry Dock ....
•(Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 50 ....
! Sausalito Land & Ferry ....
i Sperry Flour Company ... .... . ... ,
Standard Electric '
Tesla Coal Company 2S 00
Trucked Electric
Union Sugar .... ....
United Gas * Electric ....
SALE3.
Morning Session.
10O Monte Crlsto 75
50O Sunset 11.
S00O Oil City Petroleum, b 30 ¦ SO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Oil City Petroleum 30
500 Hom« 1 12'i
LOCAL MARKETS.
PORTLAND. Jan. 22. — Wheat — Walla
Walla, 73c: bluestom. 78c; valley, 7S$S0c. .
THe ship East African cleared to-day ' for
Queenstown .or Falmouth with 10$, 730 bushels
of wheat.
OREGON
Northern IVhcat Market.
TACOMA. Jan. 22.— Clearings, 1326,162- bal
ances f 42.T«32.
PORTLAND. Jan. 22.— Clearings. $331,702
balances, $71,163.
SPOKANE. Jan. 22.— Clearings, $2S9 366
balances, $54,447." •> ¦
SEATTLE. Jan. 22. — Clearings, $503 633
balances. S172.201.
Northern :B n'sin ess.
EASTERX MARKETS.
.;"• 'troth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FKANC1SCO. Jar.. 22 — 3 p. m.
, -The' following are the seasonal rairtfaHs to
>£ate. .--. corr.x«.re<l -with th.^se of the same
*£ate" last *easor. and rainfall In last twenty
c tour hours:
Last This L^«t
- Stat'cns — 24 hours. Season. Season.
* ISureka 0.1C 23.32 2*.«57
•Red Bluff O.W 13.53 14.07
O.W« 5.20 6.8<>
a '6z^i FrtLT.clsco 0.0<t 7.10 0.44
Frvno 0.0<i 1.44 3.24
In-iepenSer.ee O.dO i».42 o.sa
:8aa Lui* OWspo ... O.uO 1.90 ft.:*}
ilsoi Ar.gele* 0.0<> 0.37 4.97
.tSaj r>;ero O.OO 0.43 t>.09
. THE COAST RECORD.
¦* 3 2 2 3 « *S
•-" TETATTONS. J 1=11 =*•'« ?" ? j
. / • r r |T . f f
; c t I ; '.
? - * * • i
•Baker S0.3S S8 22 NE Cloudy T.
(Carson 30. SS 4S 12 NW «"lear .<*)
[Eureka S0.38 l.Z 46 N Clear .10
yaraMon 30.24 52 48 NW Cl<»ar .<fJ
•FYe-sno ...... .30.24 Z>2 30 SW Clear ,U0
Klft^siaff 3O.O8 40 0 NW Pt.Cldy .0y
cFik a-ello 30.20 .52 14 SW Pt.Cldy .04
Independenre .S0.10 cz 38 NW Pt.Cldy .f-0
I*'* Ar.g'ies -.30.12 tx 4(> W Clear .00
"Alt. Tamali>a:s.:!(t.24 54 36 N «'lear .m
J'hoenix 30.10 5<i 1*<5 SW Pt.Cldy .00
c JJoint Rej-es ..3t>.l« 5C 4<J NW Clear .«)
Portland 3O.4S 5O 38 W Cloudy .C2
IUd BluT 3<>.2S €6 3S N Clear .00
Rfn-'-hurg ;>0.50 4S 44 E Cloudy .OS
Sarramento ..:<(». 24 !*) 34 E Clear .«>0
Pa!t Lak» ...30.14 34 IS SV\* Clrmdy .10
! sSaj Francisco.. %0-lti 56 4" NW Clear .00
F. L. <>bi«po..:^.16 62 32 NW Clear .00
• 6an Di«?£o ait.IO C2 36 NW Clear .HO
t^ea'ttle ::<i.4S 44 42 E Cloudy .04
?j"-kane :U).i2 34 2*i SW Clear T.
Tstoofh :;ii.4'j id 40 SW Rain .0*
Mill la. WaJ!*.. 30.44 42 24 NW Cloujy .0<.»
Wmnemucca .:;<».:{* 44 24 SE Clear .00
Yuma 3»».10 0»i 32 W Clear .GU
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the
BcuthTn half of the Pacific Flupe and ha^
<^:. <i »-Ti rapidly over the northern half.
• -V* rain iiaj= fallen in 'California.
Was-nier weetber Is rei»orted over the entire
cevntry n-e?t or the Rocky Mountains. In
N*.v«u3a. through the Sierras ar.d In the north
«-rri porticn of the Sacramento Valley the tera-
I*ratur*-B are trom !> to lt» degrees above the
ncrrr.iil.
Kccccask rr.aile at £an Francisco for thirty
Jiour^ tndir.K midnight. January 23:
Ncrtl.ern California — Fair Saturday, light fog
l c n the morning: light northerly winds.
KouThfra California — Fair Saturday, wanner;
c liS^t r.ortheayt vtada, changing to westerly.
• Nevada — Fair Saturday, continued warm.
San Francisco ar.d vicinity — Fair Saturday.
w:ia teg in tbt moinln?: light northeast wind"*.
A. Q. McADIE. DiMrkt Foiecafter.
Conditions In Butter remain as before, some
dealers quotlnc a firm and others a weak mar
ket. Stocks of fancy creamery are light and
some dealers who are well cleaned up are ask
ing an advance. '
Receipts were 40,500 lbs Butter. 980 cases
Eggs and 39.700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 2M®30c for extras and
25©27VsC for seconds; dairy, 18&22c; store But
ter, nominal; cold storage. 1SB22C per lb for
ordinary and 22>A'S24c for extras.
CHEESE — lOigllVic for good to choice new
and 74^940 for lower grades; Young Amer
icas, Iltfl2c; Eastern, 15® 10c; Western, 14 §•
15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 224g25c fcr choice to fancy
and 22c for small "and mixed colors; store,
22ff224c; cold storage, lSgl'Jc.
¦ The range in- the quotations for Eegs has
narrowed down to about 2c for the great bulk
of the trade. There Is nothing of any conse
quence going below 22c, and but little going
over 24c. Store Kces are very good at this
time of the year, especially if the weather is
cold, and when there Is a brisk shipping de
mand for them as at present, they bring about
as much as ranch. At the moment they are
practically cleaned -up and wanted, while ranch
are given .the go-by. -
Receipts'" of Cheese have been running heavy
"again during the past day or two, and as the
market will not stand the increase prices con
tinue to decline. The lower quotations do not
seem to stimulate trade, however.
Butter, Cheese and EggcT.
ST. LOUIS. : Jan. 22.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades.- combing.. and clothing, I7@21c
light fine. 15«Kl"Via:. heavyiflne;^'12ig»44c; tub
w^ghed, 20<S'31c:'' .-'.¦ ¦ .';' j : t < . . , -..
5"/. Louis IVobl Market.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 21,000; to-morrow,
20,«fD. Strong. Mixed and butchers'.; 54 85(f$
5 1O; good to icholce heavy, $.Vrjr, roagh
heavy.- M S5S5 03; ¦liEht. ?4.CQ@4 93;' bulk of
*&u»sVt.$4-«q<5**; '. - • . "V-"'-"- -' -¦.¦•¦
- SHEEP— Receipts, 5(h"K>... Shfepand lambs,
steady./ Good to choice wethers, $iU\ 40;- fair
to choice mixed. %?. 25©4: Western sheep; %:i 50
©4 40: native lambs', $4 50g6; Western lambs,
$4 15@6. < j
f I : f"HJ.C.AGO.'- ..i*!-; ''t.''iX^\\ "¦
r' i r;{ncA'a&.. -^H» c tuv 22-^cattlk.w Re^jStk/
2500:- ->-Oood<«trf' orime staers 1 .'- $4*.{IV>i^5 6,1;- poor
fct*| medium. > 53 .2JVB-J SO; -etpeker*; and' f «<f!d«rs>
$2^4;',tc< ws. $1 SOfil; heifers. $1755^4. S>0;
.canners,'*$l 50(22 20; bulls. t2S4; calves, %Z®
esc. .- .' ' ¦ . • ¦ '•' ;•'•.''-> . ,. .-. / 3 t
¦Edsiern > Livestock MarH§m&
¦ >TK,W YORK. -Jan. 22.— The cotton\marlet
opened strong 'at an advance vt six to twenty
coe-- points, -ruled. strong all day, closing 22 to
24 points Wgher.' ¦ •
V Nciv York Cotton Market.
Weather Report.
Grf-at Northern pfd J ¦ 170
Hocking Valley 2.500 77^ 75 76'4
Hocklrx Val pfd.. 200 85 ' 84"^ 84 Uj
Illinois Central 7.700, 134 H 188* 133^
Iowa. Central 30<) 22 21»i 2\%
Iowa Central pfd... l.noo 41 41 ' 40H
K C Southern 100 21 21 20«*
K C Southern pfd .. S>>0 :!8»i 38 38
L^uis «: Nash 6,400 111^ 110% 110%
Manhattan L »,400 146^ 14514 1454
Metropolitan St Ry. 4>>0 124 123»i 123>i
Minn & St Louis 65
Missouri Pacific 52.504 95?i 94"£ i»5tt
Mo. Kan & Texas. l.riOO 1» 1SL» 1S>4
M. K & T pfd 1.700 42i« .41»i 414
Ntl R R Mex pftl.. 500 S»U 39^ 39
New York Central. 5.400 121 *s 120*4 120*4
Norfolk * Western. 9.700 02 61 U fllV»
Nor & West pf d S7
Ontario £ Western. 18,700 2J% 'i'{ 22%
Pennsylvania 61.:JO<| 122*. 121*8 121-^4
P. C. C & St Louis «00 «6=4 C5 «5'.i
Reading IB. 700 47 Vi 40»i 46»i
Reariir.c 1st pfd 100 SO 80 7*H
Reading 2<i pfd 61
Rock Island Co 9S.R00 27H 2« 26^
Rock Island Co pfd. 10.600 68% 67 67
StL & SF 1st pfd 65
PtL& SF 2*1 rid... 1.100 ' 47«» 4HT, 4«H
Pt l»uis P W 4Ort 16«i 15T4 15t,
Ht L>-iuly S W pfd.. 2.2"0 3SSi 3"- 36
St Paul 44,200 14«H 146*; 147U
St Paul pfil 100 17S>4 1761J. 1774
Southern Pacific. .. 45.7<*> ta% 51 W 51 "A |
Southern Railway., fi.500 23 22*j 22»i !
Southern Ry pfd... 7.000 SOU 85 85H j
Texas & Pacific 5.300 27?<. 27 2fi : ,"4
T. St L & W 2««4
T. Ft L <Sr W pf.l.. 100 3» 39 384
Vnirn Pacific 39,000 £2K 8H* Rl>4
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 P0% »0«, tt<>4
Wabash l.WW 2<> 20^ 20T.
Wabash jiffJ S.OOO 39U M 3m,i
Wheeling & L E.. 2.8<« ISVi 18'i IS',
Wisconsin Central. 2.900 21^, 214 214
Wisconsin On pM- 47*4 *"V« 47U
Exrrcys Companies —
Adams .' 220
American 190
I'nited States 108
Wells-Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 59.300 r.u; 50^ MS.
Am Car & F .... 1.700 2C»4 20«» 2<V\
Am Car & F pfd . 1/>00 71"i 71 71"^
Amer Lin Oil .ViO 12 11 114
Amtr Lin Oil pfd 29
Amcr Loco 7.800 19^, 18% 19
Amer Loco pfd .. 1.400 784 7SH 77'4
Amer 8 & Ref.. 2.500 4«4 4ST^ 49»4
Amer S & R pfd.. SiX> »1 01 91
Am Suga' Ref ... 11.000 129«i 127>4 128%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 10O 7fiVi 7«i^ 75 ' I
Brooklvn R T 24.700 51 s* 504 5O*i
Colo Fuel & Iron. 1,600 32U 30 31»i
Col & H Coal ... l.l<«0 14 14 14i, 4
Consolidated Gas... 7.100 1!*>4 1»44 195?4
General Electric .. <V<0 179 178 177
Inter Paper 3.300" 14 14" I*%
Inter Paper pfd... 1.300 6T% W=4 67
Inter Pump 100 35 . 35 32
Irter Pump pfd 71
National Biscuit . . 300 4O«* 40 ra>"4
National Lead .... 600 164 16 l 4 16H
North American ... 2.00tj f>0 874 87 »i
Pacific Mail 1.700 r?li-; 30t{, 304
People's Gas lft.300 Wi K>4 09%
Pregffd Steel Car. 2.100 32 30 314
PresFed Steel C pfd 2no 71*4 7O»4 70>i
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 21»4 2194 21S
Republic Steel 4.000 8 7% 7'A
Republic Steel pfd. 3.300 47 4C 46%
Rubber Goods 3.400 24 % 20^ 21 H
Rubber Goods pfd. 9(k> 78 774 "8
Tenn Cca! & Iron 1.2W 404 39', 39*4
f S Leather 2.000 774 T-\ 7%
r S Leather pfd... 1,600 7s T i 7S"« 784
D S Rubt*r 500 13«1 134 13'*
IT P Rubber pfd.. 2.400 50 49 RO
IT S Steel 4X306 124 H*J 12"^
U S Steel cfd 70.100 fiO 594 59%
Western Union 1.000 8S*i SS'.i 8S$i
Nor Securities 81*4
V.'esfern Union .... 1.0C0 8S>4 5S>4 SS»i
Totai sales 1.0C5.700 shares.
UNITED RAILRQADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— Bond transactions of
the United Railroads of San Francisco: 45.0C0
at $79 874; J2.000 at ISO. 20.000 at <79 874,
OO.WO at $79 75. 5000 at $79 €24 and 15,000 at
$79 674.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY:
American Can: Common — Bid. $4; asked,
$4 25. Preferred— Bid. $:;4 ; asked, ¦ $35.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg.lO5H|L & N unified 4s. 93%
Do coupon lC5»i(Man con gold 4s. 1113*4
Do 9m. reg 1'« |Mfx Cent 4s 70
Do coupon 1CC»4! Do 1st inc 16 •
Do new 4s. reg.i:^^ Minn & St L 4s. 97*4
Do coupon 133V4IM. K & Tex 4s.. 98»»
Do old 4s. reg. 10741 Do 2ds 81
Do coupon 1074 'NR of Mex con4s. 764
Do 6s. reg 101Vi N Y C gen 34s.. 9S^i
Do to'upon 101 l i N J C gen 5s... 131
Atch gen 4s 09% Nor Pac 4s 104^
Do adj 4* »0 Do 3s 73
Atlantic C Lw l.i 'Jt Nor & W con 4s. 07 U
Hal &. Ohio 4s....l<C OSL 4s & partlc. f).'.
Do 3'2S !>5 Fc conv 34s 00
Central of Ga 5s. 10*>H J Reading pen 4s.. OU 1 *
Do 1st Inc 71 S L & I M con 5s.ll2H
Ches & Ohio 44*-10-";% S L & S F fg 4?. 84'
Chi & Alton .'i^s. 704 1st Louis SW l«s. 94
C B & Q new 4s. K% .Seaboard A L 4s. 06*4
CM & StP gn 4s. 108*4 So Pacific 4s 89%
C & N W con 7s.13m.ISo Railway 5s.. .113%
C, R I & Pac 4s. 73%! Tex & Pac lsts.,116
Do col 5s 82*,>iiT. St L & W 4s. 7^4
C.C.C & S Lgn 4s »7 Union Pac 4s 103%
Chi Term 4s 814] Do conv 4s 98
Cons Tobacco 4s.. 0O%|C S Steel 2d 5s.. 7.1
Colo & So 4s.... 8SV4 Wabash lets 1154
Den & Rio G 4s. »8 Do deb B 65^
Erie prior lien 4s. 8S W & L Erie 4s.. 90=4
Dr> gen 4s 88 Wis Cent 4s 90
F \V & D C 1st*. 104 Colo F & I conv3s 73
Hocking Val 4VJS.105
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
A'iams Con 10'Little Ch!ef (fi
Alic* 27jOntarlo c 00
Greece 10 Ophir 4 50
Eruns Con fcSiPhoenix J.I
Com Tunnel OSJPotosI 25
Con Cal & Va.. 1 70, Savage 59
Horn Silver 1 C5' Sierra Nev....... 75
Iron Silver 1 25!£mall Hopes ... 2i>
Leadvllle Con.... C3 Standard 1 CO
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westing Com 81
Call loams ...3 14 04% Mining-
Time !»:;i!. s. . .4 'ii'5 Adventure 2H
Bonds — Allouez 4^4
Atchiifon 4s 984 Amal Copper . . . 5ov.
Mex Cent 4s CS»4 Blnghtrm 2:«J-i
Railroads — j Calumet & Hecla.45o'
Atchison 70^ j Centennial j lrjij
Do pfd... 01%iCopper Range 4fj'
Boston A Albany. 215 Daly West 34 • .
Boston & Ma!ne.l€g Dom Coal ««u
Boston Elev 140 Franklin ..¦ s?w
N Y. N II & H..19554 I»!e Royale 84
Fltchburg pfd 138 Mohawk 354
Union Pacific .S74^Old TJomlnion 1114
Mex Central i:i<4 O.'coola eo
Miscellaneous— |Pairot **2(A
Amer Sugar 12STs!Quiney 95
Do pM 124«i!Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel &. Tel.l27 ! /4 Tamarack 112'
Dom Iron & S... 9 Trinity 5
Gen niectric 17T United " States "l
Mars Electric 23 [Utah .' 3.{U~
United FYult 98 L Victoria ju
United Copper... »S jWlnona «£
U S Ete»l 12 V« Wolverine , 72 ,
Do pfd 59VS:
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for mon»y88 11-16 X Y Central 124 U
Do for'acct.. 8S',i Nor.& West..... 6.{^4
Anaconda «'/« Do pfd 00
Atchisan 71% Ont & West 2Jt^
Do pfd S3 Penneyiva'n'a .... «2«:
Bal A Ohio S5'4 Rand Mines 0%
Can Pacific 122>i, Reading ztv.
Ches & Ohio 3C\i D o 1st pfd 41
Chi Great W I84 Do 2d pfd 31
Chi. Mil & St P.ir>14!So Railway 23%
De Beers 20M, Do pfd 87U
D*-n & Rio G.... 23% So Pacific Rl%
Do pfd 76 I Union Pacific .... 84 >4
Erie 29»4| Do vta ....'. na '
Do 1st pfd 71UJU 8 Steel '. 12i«
Do 2d pfd...;.. 50 i Do pfd 61 4
III Central 137*4 Wabash 21'*
IxjuI"! A Nash.. .1144 Do pfd 40%
M. K & Tex..... Wi\ .
Bar cih?r — Quiet. 25 3-18d per ounce.
Money— 2Vs r#r cent.
The fate of discount in the open market for
'The sixth car "of Western Poultry for the
week was on Fale and met with a fair de
mand at stea'ly prices. The receipts o* domes
tic/ stock were.»llght. . bu£. there was quite a
P'j&ntlty- carried over from Thursday and the
marlfetV'was r'thCr easy" as retailers-, wern
llhecally biippiird with We«tern. Small Broil
ers -were 'luotec lower, but all other descrip
tions were unhanged. There was hot; much
-doing* In ' Turkeys and - both i live and dressed
-.verv quoted lower. The receipts of. the lat
tir,-were, nicif rate, but rroved , too nvnch for
thq market 'to otN>rb. Some very poor lots
of .drf-ssed .gold down to 15c,. per^ lb.
• Receipts of Game were light, .but there was
very little inquiry and a Ijtrge portion of the
receipts were still on. hand at the close.
POULTRY — Dressed Ttirkeys. 17@20c per lb;
live Turkeys, ¦ 15@l7c per lb; Geese, ¦¦ per pair,
?2©2 25; Goslings $2ft2 25: Ducks. <5^S05« 50
pat dozen for old and $ti 50® 7 50 Tor : young;
Hens". ,|U@" -for j large 'and $5JT5. 50 for email;
young J Roosters, • $04*7,;' old 'Roosters,' $C>@5 50;
Fryor«. *5«X«;- Broilers. $3®5 50 for large
and ?4@4' 50 for. small -Pigeons. $1.25@l ; 50 per
''.flown>«r uliiBd-iS "iffiz 5o l /or- Squabs.
•XSAMBr— Mallard 1 Dueks.v^J©*.- per dozen;
CanvasbHck.-'-SSIU tO:- Kprtg. ?2^2 50; Teal.
-$1 feO<$l'75: WWgeon,-.$l 25©1 50: small Ducks.
*l©l t 25: JJray Geese. $3: White Geese, 73c0
. 51 25; Brant. $1 25 for small and $2 .for. large;
Honkers, *4 50 for large and f:t 50 for small;
j English Snipe, ?3; common Snipe. $1 50; Wild
..Doves, $1 25; RabbUs. ?2 for Cottontails and
; $1 25. for. Brush; Hare, $1 2&01 50.
Poultry and Game, i
Sp«?ll?r was steady at ?4 05^5 05. in New
York and 'was 'also unchanged In London- at
£21.: 7s. Cd. ;> : ¦".::! . •(.
V Iron closed . at 49s tvi. in- Glasgow ' anil at :
41s " In . Middlcrboro. Locally • Iron was un
changed and more cr less nominal.- No. " 1.
foundry. . TiorthTn. $13*ilG;'. No. 2 foundry."
northern. (14$1.V; No. 1 foundry, southern. ,and
Ncu Isfojindo*. southern, soft. ?13 75^U,25- '
- NEW ¦ YORK. "Jan.! '22.— Tin underwent a
severe break In London to-day, .spot declining
£1.17s Cd to"£127 7s ;6<3. . and: futures- were
£1 Is lower at .E127 5s. The decline was at
tributed to speculative influences. Locally
spot oliFed weak nt $2Sf/2S 50.
Corpcr was # alpo ea«y in I/ondon, spot de
clinlne 12s < Cd to £50 17s Cd, .while futures
were 7s Cd lower at £5(1 15s. .Locally, . cop
per^ ..va» vunchiinpet!. Lake. ' $12 7."ifll;{
electrolytic- ?12 C2Va@12 S7H. and casting
?12 r>0<S12.73. . ¦ -.
Lead was unchanged here at $4 60^4 65 but
declined Is 3<l to £11 13s 9*1 in London.
New 'York *¦ Metal* Market;
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Jan. 22.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the" bank clear
ings at the princlDal cities for the week ended
January 20. with the percentage of increase
and decrease^ as compared with the correspond
ing week last year: . ' '
Percentages, j
Cities — ' Amount.- • ' Inc.'.; . Dec.
•New York.. :S1,232.355.751 ....' 17.8
•Chicago . 180,302,401 • .... ' 0«a
•Bostin ? 130.024.704- 14. a
•Philadelphia . ...- in>.'.H5,668? - . ... 3i,C
•St. Louis ....... • G0.ltiT.i38 14.5 ..V.'
Pittsburg 37.511,032 17.1
•San Francisco'. ..-.• Sft,348.89« 2.2 • ...;'
•Baltimore . : • 23,074.215 ' .... ' 3.4.
Cincinnati- .-. 24.762.95O • '.4.3 •
•Kanras CJty A 22.1V4.eCW - 0.1 '....
Cleveland 14,246,210 '/, 17..T
•Minneapolis .... > 14.275.OCO • 5.7
•New Orleans 25.140.323 38.8
Detroit ll,X87Ji74 4.4/ ....
•Louisville 10.902.772 12.3'
Omaha 7. 7*4,222 4.7
•Milwaukee 8..S07,">77 3.3 ....
•Provf.Ience 8,20T>,S0O ..:. 9.2
•BufTaI.1 0.M1.215 .... O.'J
•St. Paul 0,621.147- - 15.2.
Indianapolis C.WM.lll .... 1.6
Ix:s Angeles C'.MMJ.312 27.5 .
•St. Joseph 0.133,8:11 17.2 ....
Denver 4. 205, SOS s 2.7 i
Rlrhmond 6.210,280 15.4; . .'. . .\
Colun.bus 3.S07.B0O .- 12.3 |
Seattle 3.9M.133 10.3 ' .... r
Washington 4.04«.ir.<J 2S.0 |
•Savannah 4,147.007 l.«;, . ./. . !
Memphis- C.744,840 13:1,7V ': .S .'. '
Albany S,<JS0.«:sO ..... ' ¦"• -9.i
Salt \jn\t-. City... 3,12G,Sn 12.3 '.'...'.
•Portland. Or.;.. ;!.384.J«S') .... .4.7
•Toledo 3.21H.543-; '.8.0 ;•..'..
Fort Worth 3.276. 7»3" -.'...-. ;% . • 3:2 j
Peorla 2.758.402 •' '. 1.1 ¦'-,. i-. -•.- f
Hartford 2.344.C29 17-3 :•....
Rochecter 2,51)7.30(5 ¦' ; 3. 4- : *...":.•-
Atlanta 3.431. 825 •' 2.7 ' : \...
Dea Moin^s 2.15D.04C ' 2.R '-.."..
New Haven 1.017,543 / 5.3 •'".*..."
Nashville i >.. 2,0fi8 .201 ¦' .>.'S "%.':;.>
Fp-ikane. .Wash.'.. ; i,UK120 > J«,'4 ,
Grand Rapids: . . . / 2IIW.40* ?-¦¦ Vi'.O^¦ ;. V. ,.' "
; Sioux c:ity>. .«.?.. 1,363.|31. J .V.. j 11.0
Sprlngflelif Ma^s. 1.453.6*5 (.(.;¦ i ....
Norfolk ./...;/... J.OOS^TS 22.3 • ,'..'..
Dayton .,...«;.'.. 1.551.450 '.'... '¦ O.i2.
Tacoma : 0.7 '. i.X
Worw.tter ...,...' - .1,117.861". ..... ' I'.IJi
Augusta. Ga...... 1.7U.2S7' "10;8 i t..«
Portland. Me : • . 1,565; 731 -.6.6. ! I..-..
Scrantcn ......... . 1.754.009 0.6 .....
Topek.% ..• .-..., . 1.051.S35 >•.... ¦ i - '19,0
Syracuse' ¦ 1.3!4<*,fi25 ¦-....- • 1.0 !
BvaDavtHe' :.- 1.24t».«2L 15^1^ : '.:.s \
Wilmington. Del..* ; 1.007,3-14 ' ~ '• 0.4
Birmingham ;...." 2ft2.«T!8 10.0- ..-.".
Davenport 315.737 7.3'
Fall River 1.204.487 23.6
Little Rock 1.33S.34S lS.I«t
Knoxville 1,»:«.OI>1 25.6
Mccon S07.000 9.0
Wllkesbarre O72.SO2 10.3
Akron 670.000 22.5
Springfield. 111.... 025,252 25.7
Wheeling. W. Va. t*>5.R42 7.0 ....
Wichita 1,223.018 78.5 ;...
Youngstown 6«37,92rt • ' • \8 ' ....
Helena 754,038 2.T.8 ....
Lexlngtpn C.54.995 4.S
Chattanooga 730.041 lfi.O
Ix)well 428.26!) 24.1
New Bedford ../. Cn».C13 20.9 ....
Kalamazoo 670.738 10.0
Fargo. N. D 488. TOO I
Cantnn 0 981.000 19.1 I
Jacksonville, Fla.. 779,234 105.5 I
Greensburg. Pa.... 3S-\S2t 19.5 ... I
J Rockford. Ill 452.337 8 8
j Springflpld. O. ... K4K.300 20.3
j Blnghamton 418.000 l.o I
Chestor, Pa 490,043 ....
Bloomington, 111.. 398,875 1.9 ....
Qu'ncy. Ill 3ti2.4iirt 29.3
Sioux Falls. S. I). • 212.2H5 .... • « fl.
Manpfield. 0 1.82,855 9.0 j
Jackponville. III. .. 273,477 22.4 .... '
Fremont. Nebr 2O4,l!)3 6.2 .'. . . <
Decatur. Ill 239.848 20. C j
Houston** 18,223.113 16.9
Galveston** 4.770,000
Guthrie i. 77»5.fi.'!7 ....
Charleston 1.2S7.419 ,...
Totals. U. S.... $2, 110.823.80.-! TTs
[ Outside N. Y 87iS.470.06S .... 2.7!
CANADA.
I Montreal HR.204.510 .. : ,% 3
j Toronto 15.720.805 0.6
.Winnipeg 4.0C7.0tJ3 10.9 •...'.-
Halifax 1.507.300 14.0
Ottawa 2.5C0.941 10.8 ....
Vancouver. B. C. .. 1,208,372 24.7
Quebec 1,388,33.8 2.S '...'.
1,058,213 13.1
j St. John. N. B S24.315 l(i!5
| Victoria, B. C 4SR.443 4 5
London 795.266 3.9
Totals $48,680,528 "oTi
•Balances paid in cash. "Not included in
totals because containing other Items than
clearings.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Jan. 22.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19.640 barrels; exports. 37.C0O barrels; sales,
12.600 packages. Market dull, but steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 4S00 bushels;- sales, 2.
700.1100 busheU futures and 16,000 bushels spot.
Spot market easy. No. 2 red. 94c elevator and
nominal afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal.
Options developed moderate weakness this
morning under bearish markets an4 political
news, snow In the West and liquidation. I^ater
depression was helped by bearish Western crop
advices, but a slight rally occurred near the
close, with final prices KGl&C net lower. Sales
Included: No. 2 red. May. 01'5461>2Tic, closed
t>2'4c: July. 8GMj@S7*hc, closed SO&c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Finn.
PETKOLKUM— Steady.
COFFEK — Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 invoice.
S 7-16c: mild, firm. The coffee futures market
closed firm. 10 to 20 points higher, with sales
of 255.000 bags, including: January, 7.«0c;
February. 7.5.Vu7.G5c: March, 7.C5?J7.R0o; April
7.8T»c; May. 7.00<SS.10c; July, 8.20<gS.:t5c; Sep
tember. 8.43#S.50c;' October, S.OOc; December,
8.70£8.R0c.
; SUGAR— Raw, nominal; refined, dull.-
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Nczv York stocks about a point higher and firm.
'. Fair business on ike local stock exchanges.
; Stiver continues to decline rapidly. Exchange unchanged.
* ll'h'cai and Barley still quiet and featureless.
•'Oats. Corn and Rye inactive at previous prices.
- Hay, Bran and Middings firm.
'. 'Lima Beans still pointing upward under the dry weather.
'• 'Butter in moderate supply and steady.
[.'Cheese continues to tend doivnzvard, with increasing receipts
' S selling at a very narrow range.
Xo further variation in Provisions.
JVool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
¦' X.o change in Cattle, Sheep and Hogs.
• Potatoes and Onions steady, with moderate stocks.
Poidtrv easv, zvith dealers zvcl I stocked.- Game dull.
. Cold weather still operating against the Fruit market.
short bills is 3U©."Hi per cent and for three
months' bills 3Vi ?er cent.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 6 4^ 0 3%
Closing 6 4% 6 3
PARIS. : , . •
V.'heat— Jan. May-Aug.
Opening '. 21 15 . 21 30
Closing ¦. 2110 2130
Flour— . • .
Opening .."...V. ...'...'. ."•.:".'•^.29 25 ; :,-v: 28 80 \.
Closing ...-;... .......... 2?;i5,,> 23' 80~
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange -to-day th» butter
market was steady; creameries. 15@2lc; dai
ries, 13Sl!)c. KgR9, firm; at mark, cases In
cluded, 2£i@27}4c. Cheese, steady, lO^lO'ic.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Aak.j BifAik.
4s qr coup..l07mnsi,i4» qr cp newl.r»V*lS4
4s qr reg... 107 VjlCS^i 14s qr coup... 107 10*
FRIDAY. Jan. 22—2 p. ra.
Stock and Bond ExcJtange.
Meat Market.
Do horse l.VS — ;Trout — # —
Rockflsh — 9 12 Vi Brook Trout — © —
Salmon, frosh 15<5?2O'Whlteflsh 10« —
Do smoked. .. .lTiifT^S Clams, gallon. .. .&)<& —
Sardines l(i©—i Do hardshell. lb S®10
Shrimps — ©10 Crawfish, lb :— «15
Shad 10-ff — Crabs each 15(325
Strired Bass 1.VS20' Mussels, lb 12'~.'ol5
Perch 10*?— Oyster*. Cal. 100.4&330
Pomplno — S40- Do Eastern. dz.3O@4O
•Colored, per lb. 50— i Parsnips per dz.l5«2O
Dried Lima. lb. .— -9 6'P.adlslW. dz bch.l3©20
Cabbage, each... PtfHO'Sage. dz bunches23® —
Celery, head CftlO String' Beans.
Cress, dz bunch. 15® — per lb 15€20
Cucumbers doz. .$ltf2 Summer Squash.
Garlic l(VS12Vji per lb SB10
Green Peppers.lb-S®12H|Sprouts. per lb. . 5@ 6
Dried Peppers. . .1OS2O Spinach, per lb. 6® 8
Egg Plant 15#2.*»;Sweet Potatoes.
Green Peas. lb.. r.tSlQ] per lb 2^'g3
Lettuce, per doz .'15<3"0| Thyme, dz bnchs.25®.'M)
Leeks, dz bunch. iriiffJOjTurnlps. per doz. — «S15
Mushrooms. lb...35®30! T<yr.atoes. lb SglO
FISH—
IJarracouta — ©13'Rockeod — ©15
Carp 10#12Vi'Sea Bass — <@15
Catfish .— «12V4! Smelts —615
Codfish — «r 12 V. Soles 10<q!13
Flounders lft®— Skates, each 1C315
Halibut 15«— -Squid — ®—
¦Herring 8^10 Tomcod 12H@—
Mackerel — © — ITurbot ..; 20© —
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes di.eo@$l 23iOnions. per Ib"..l%e2
Beets dozen ID'S — Okra dried lb...20i9 —
Beans white, lb. Z/& — fPotatoes. lb.. .1>4«2U
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective Asso
ciation gives -the following retail prices for
meats. **¦*
Roast Beef 10^20'Hindqrtr Larnb..lS@20
Tenderloin Steak. 15-ft'lS'Foreqtr Mutton.. 8@10
Porterhse. do.l7l-i®22Vi!Leg Mutton 12^15
Sirloin Steak.. lSHSlJiMutton Chops.. 12ii@lS
Round Steak... 10fm»4lMutton Stew.... 8»10
Beef Stew —©10, Roast Veal.. 1215T2O
Corn Beef S'jflO Voal Cutlets 13<g2O
Soup Bones . . 4<fc — Veal Stew 12M,«15
Soup Meal 5010 Roast Pork 12v,<yiS
Lamb Chops — «2t> Pork Chops 1301S
Foreqtr' Lamb.l2Hftl5
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens, each COS90;Wlld Doves. doz.$l 50
Tcuns Roosters. :EnrH-*» Snipe d*.*4 00
each Cj-gOO Jack Snipe, do*. .$2 50
Old Roosters. ea.5Ofifi5 Gray Geese, each. 40350
Fryersrf each C3<&75i\Vhite Geese, ea. 13(825
Broilers each 50©;:5l Brant each 20^:15
Turkeys, per lb. .2C©25i Honkers, each. ..40875
Ducks,' each 75c@41|Tcal Ducks. ea..20@25
Geese, each. .— #Jt .WMaU'd Ducks ea.50e*5
Goslings |2 OOjWldg'n Ducks,ea2CW25
Pigeons, pair — «?!;0J5prig Ducks, ea. 40^30
Squab«. per pair. — <S80 Canvasbacks ea.. 60*375
Rabbits, each 20fi25 Small Ducks. ea.20®23
Hare, each — ®20l
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligtr Pears. ea.23<g40;Grare Fruit. d*.75cS$l
Almonds 15^20 Limrs. doz KXS15
Apples 4® 8'Lemons. do* !15@3O
Cranberries, qt.. —^25|nranges. doi 2OW3O
Pecans — #20 Pears perlb... — <S12%
Brazil Nuts.....2O® — | Pineapples ea 23-f»5O
Bananas, doz 2,">'f?«> RaUins per lb.. 5S15
Chestnuts ..15«20|TangerInes. doa..l5iB20
Cocoanuts each.. — ft 10; Walnuts, per lb..l5@20
Dried Figs. lb.. 6@10f
MEATS. PER- POUND—
Bacon 18923 Pork Sausage.. 12^©15
Hams l«#15ismoked Beef — €20
Lard 12^i«— |
DAIRY PRODUCE. KTC—
Butter. cholce.sq.MUCOiRanch Eggs. . .30<&32'-i
' Do good 45<ff 50 Common Eggs.25©27 }j
Do packed, lb. 25® UO Honey comb, per
Cheese. Cal 15«20 pound — ©20
Cheese. Eastern.. 20®23f Do extracted.. 8#10
Cheese. Swiss. ..25@35|
Poultry. Game and Meats are in good sup
ply and they are still selling at the familiar
quotations. Fish is plentiful and stands
about the same as quoted last week.
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington ..$ — @10 00 Xew
Seattle $ — @ S 50 Wellington |— ©10 00
Roslyn 9 — 'ix 0 00 Wellington
Richmond ...$—©0 50 Nut $— » S CO
Greta $— ® 9 CO Ooos Bay...$— © 7 50
Fine ranch Egg3 ar/ cheaper again as will
be seen. Stocks in the wholesale markets are
heavy, and as the daily receipts continue largo
low prices are likely to- rule for some time.
Butter is firmer." with' heavy-weight squares
selling at a small premium.
Fruits and Vegetables have changed but
little since last week and the latter are still
rather scarce. .
| FAMIL Y RETAIL MARKET\
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. SOc®
$1 per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1 25<31 60 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 20<51 S3 per ctl;
River Reds C09«0c per ctl: Garnet Chiles. 00c
fi$l per ctl: Early Rose. 00c@$l per ctl;
Swept Potatoes. $1 7502 per ctl.
ONIONS— SI -30® 1 50 i>er ctl; Green. Onions.
C5fi75c per box. . ..
. VEGETABLES — Green Teas, 3®6c per lb;
String Keans. 10®15c per lb; Wax. 8tfl2^c:
Tomatoes from Los Angeles. 50c<ff$l per box
or ' crate: Rhubarb. Gc . per lb; Summer
Squash, trom Los Angela. G0e<g?l per box;
Cabbage. 1 51 per * ctl : : Carrots. tiOc ,. per .sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, 75c<f?$l per dozen for
sirall and SI uOffl T5 . for large: ' Garlic, 5
6Cc . per lh; Egg Plant. . 12>i«?20c per
lb: Dried * Peppers. - 5@8c per lb for Stock
:t<>n and lieia^c for routhern;- Dried Okra,
12V4e per lb: Greea— Peppers. 5@7c : per lb;
Mushrooms. 201325c per lb; • Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash. $10©I5 per ton for round
lots and per lb; for sacked.
scrlptions of table Burbanks and the recently
advanced prices were well, maintained. Ore
gon Burbanks ex-steamer, are about cleaned
out of first hands and Pallnas and river kinds
are"- clctirim; up readily, from day to' day.
Sweets were In good request and tho top quo
tation was easily obtained for the best of
forlnrs.' A car of second quality stock came
in yestoidHy and sold off well at the Inside
rate. Onions were steady and unchanged,
with the t'emand fair and supplies moderate.
.Receipts of vegetables from Los Angeles
•were iredc-rate and choice stock mot with
.precept sale at good figures, while frostbitten
and otherwise poor stock dragged at unsteady
rates. Hothouse Cucumbere arc becoming
mere plentiful and they are selling at a wide
range es to size. Dried Peppers are firmly
hold, but moving slowly, owing to the abund
ance and comparatively low prices of Green.
bbl fl3 22»iO13 35: lard, per 100 lbs, $7 02»£;
short ribs sideu (loose), $0 37^4@tt C2>£: short
clear sides (boxed). $<» 02>4<£« 75: whisky,
basis of hivh wlnts, $1 27; clover, contract
grade. $11 25. " ' . ' ' - "„
Webber, assistant secretary: George Steel, ma
rine secretary: Bernard Faymonvllle. C. P.
Eells. John C. Coleman and W. H. Brown, di
rectors. The total Income for the year amount
ed to S1.W5.257 14. an Increase over 1902 of
over $S0.UCO: the assets of the company were
increased $136,303. reserve gained $34.7 iS and
net surplus more than $30,000. Regular divi
dends were paid to shareholders daring tho
year at the rate of 12 per cent, amounting to
$30,000.
- . - . . - ., . ., . . . .; :. • ¦ .' .
THEJSAN FRANCISCO 'GALL, 'SATURDAY, JANUARY 23, ,1904.
Articles — ' • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour. barr?ls 21.30O 20.300
Wheat, bushels ......... 7.">,100 3(1. -ICO
Corn, bushels 250,000 204.700
Oats, bushels 17!1,70O 221.300
Rye, bushels 11.500 14,jOOO
Barley, bushels 73,800 28,200
Continacd on Page Fourteen.
There was conti»«ed firmness in all de-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
No Especial Activity on the Ex
changes Yesterday. i
There was a fair business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, with some
activity In Gas and Electric at $30 75*g58 87 H
falling figures, while Alaska Packers aold off
asaln to $130 75. The afternoon was dull
Among the unlisted securities S89.O0O United
Railroads -Is sold at ?so .".(>.
. Ther* was nothing new in the oil or mining
stocks.
The Ophlr^ dividend of 25c per share will b«
paid January 27/ - .
• The regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the l*Heiflc Lighting Company has
been -culled K for February 3.
¦ At the annual mating of the Home Fire and
Marine Insurance Company the following dl
ifctnrs and officers were elected : William : J.
Dut ton. president: Stephen D. Ives, vice presi
dent ;F. \V. Lougce. second vice president and
treasurer: Franklin Bangs, secretary; J. F. B.
The firmness In Lima* on account of the con
tinued dry weather In the producing districts
Is becoming Dronouneed. -and the tendency- Is
toward ftill- higher price«v .-.,¦.-.
BEANS-Eayon, *2 3"@2 45: Pea,?3 25; But
ters *3; small -White, $2 95@3 03; Iarg« While.
$2 50®'-' C5; Pink. 92. 81(02. 90; Red. $4 25^t GO.
Lima. $3 155?3 25:- Red. Kidneys. $4 25; Black
eye, $2 1502 2."i per ctl:: Horse Beans. $2^2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. ; $.1; . Yellow Mus
tard $2 {!5@2 RD; Flax." $1 SQ@1 00: Canary.
505*-;c for Eastern:. Alfalfa." Il@l4n; . Rape.
l>4«?2e: Timothy. CffC^c: Hemp, .*};j®3%e per
lb: Millet. 3@.'%c; Broom J Corn Seed. 820623
per, .ton. ' "•¦¦ '•'¦ -"."-' , -<-".i! • -, ¦
DRIED PEAS— Nominal. . . ¦' ..
/?t'«//5 Ymd Seeds.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15Don't carry a cough around with you. . Piso's
Cure has made coughs unnecessary. •
Gar lic:itcrs. formerly $4.50. now $2.50
rt San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, Hi Post street. •
• A negligent love can easily, become
a diligent hate.
ADAMS'. Irish Mofs Cough Bale&m the safe,
sure and guaranteed euro. 25c. 6Oe. ,DrJrsi»ts.»
Kxplotiion Causes Damage Suit.
John Murphy, an employe of the
contracting firm of B. Lantry Sons
sued the firm yesterday for $5000
damages for Injuries received by him
v.Jiilc he was doing excavating work
in the Y»otrero last June. He was in
jured by an alleged s premature ex
plosion.
ilurine Eye Remedy cures Sore Eyes.
W;.bes weak Eyes strong. Murino doesn't
Kmart. It soothes Kye pain. •
Testimonial to Mme. Fabbri -Mueller.
Madame Fabbri-Mueller, the re
tired prima donna, will attain her
seventy-second birthday on January
2S, and to celebrate the "event her
friends have arranged to tender her
a complimentary benefit on January
29. when a great vocal and instrumen
tal programme will be .Interpreted.
The patronesses are^ Mrs. W. Hell
raann. Mrs. A. E. Hecht. Mrs." Helene
Strybing, Mrs. Consul Roscnthal. Mrs.
F. D. Stadtmuller. Mrs. N. Ohlandt,
Mrs. F. B. George, Mrs. L. Wegener,
Mrs. A. Korbel, Mrs. S. Eggers, -Mrs.
Nathan BIbo, Mrs. E. Rahlmann, Mrs.
A. M. Buck, Mrs. K. Hisgen, Mrs. J.
II. Merzbach, Mrs. Ida Fuendeling,
Mrs. XV. C. Hllderbrandt, Mrs. Her
man Meyer. Mrs. John Nightingale.
Mrs. Paul 'Friedmann and- Mrs. E.
Bonnheim. ¦
Martin Foley, a waiter, was found
dead in his room, 7G5 Market street,
last night. On a table beside the bed
v.a» a paper containing a powder re
sembling morphine. Until an autopsy
is performed the cause of death will
iiot be known. Deceased was a suf
ferer from insomnia and may have
taken an overdose of the. drug toquiet
his nerves. The body was removed to
the Morgue.
Waiter Found Dead in Bed.
On the morning the body of Joseph Blaise, bearing the marks of the
assassin's Made, was found a. gray suit belonging to Leon Soeder, now in
j.iison accused of th« murder of Blaise, was taken to the Native Sons
Cleaning and Dyeing Works. 430 Bush street. That Soeder himself did
hot take the <lolhos to the cleaners was learned yesterday, when *Mrs.
A. de Lareuelle. clerk at the cleaning establishment, positively identified
;i photograph of Joseph R. Xriblas. Soeder's landlord, as that of the man
that took the accused man's Vlit to the store.
The day after the murder was committed it was found that Soeder
llKd sent the rhiv suit he wore on the night of the murder to the clean-
Ina establishment named. It was at first thought that the accused mur
derer took the suit there himself. On subsequent investigation by the po
lk" it was found that it had been delivered at the cleaning works by a
small man of slight build, wearing a dark mustache.
At the time she was interviewed by the police Mrs. de LareueUe
frave them a vivid description of the man that save her the suit to be
cleaned. The police looked everywhere for the man, but were unable to
find him. Every one on whom suspicion fell was interrogated without
avail. Some da2*s after the woman was interviewed by the police she
saw the picture of Xeiblas in "a paper and immediately recognized him
hs the man that went to the store early on the Monday morning: follow
ing the murder.
She at once telephoned for Detective Gibson, and failing to locate
him at the Hall of Justice left word for him to call. It was not until
yesterday that Gibson was able to see her again, not knowing the impor
tance of lier evidence. The police consider the new evidence of great
vslae. Inasmuch as it show* that Soeder was not alone in the disposition
of the traces of the crime with which he i« charjjed.
Mrs. de Lareuclle was seen at the cleaning works yesterday and made
the following statement:
"I am positive that the man that brought Soeder's gray suit here to be
cleaned was his landlord, Neihlas. As soon as I saw his picture published
I immediately remarked to my employer that he was the man the police
were looking: for. Of course, I have not seen the landlord yet, but Detective
<Jil)j=on showed me a picture of him and said that it was a good one. If he
is not the man that brought Soeder's suit into this store on the Monday
morning following the murder of Blaise he certainly is his twin brother.
FACE OF PATKON" I'KIGIiTICNKD THE CLERK.
"1 am skills; to meet him face to face to-day. Gibson is to Wring him
here to Ui« store, and if he is anything like his picture I shall certainly iden
tify him. as 1 remember him very well. He was a small man, short and of
Flijrht buikl, and had a fact? that frightene-d me. He had a dark mustache, and
liis Bkln was of a dark hue, leading me to believe that he must have been a
Mexican, a Spaniard or of some other dark-skinned race.
"The rtapon that I noticed him particularly was that he came in a hurry,
about S o'clock in the morning, and did not wait for the usual numbered
ticket which we give on the receipt of any article. This man seemed to be
in a Ricat hurry. He deposited the bundle on the counter and said: "Here's
a suit to be cleaned.' When I told him to wait until I could give him a
ticket he replied that the name was on the package and rushed out.
"I looked on the package for the name and found inscribed thereon the
words 'I^eon Solder." There was nothing unusual about the occurrence, and
I thought no more of it until the police visited me the next day. Detective
Gibson was here two or three times to-day, and seemed to think that what
I told him was of great importance."
Th»» positivencss of Mrs. de Lareuelle's statement on viewing the picture
of NHblas, which was a particularly good one. leads the police to believe
That she must have seen Neiblas. Xeiblas has been interviewed several times
by the police, but up to yesterday they had never connected him with the
case in any way.
Joseph Xeiblas was seen last night at his house at 827 Jackson street
and indipmantly denied that he had taken Soeder's clothes to the Xative
Sons Cleaning and Dyeing Works on Bush street. He said:
"I never had much to do with Soeder. He once approached me to go
out to Miss Flatley's house and try to get her to return the jewelry he
had {riven her. I did not take readily to the proposition and he dropped it
for a couple of days. Then he came again to me and I Inferred that he
wanted me to break into the woman's house and get something out of
his trunk, which he said he must have at once. When I did not seem to
enthuse over the proposition he left me. As for taking his clothes down
to th*> cleaning-place, I know nothing about that.
"There was a man here one day looking in the window, and whom I
afterward saw Soeder and Blaise talking to, that looked very much like
me. He wore a cap and overalls and had a bad face. This may have been
the man whom Soeder got to take his clothes to the cleaner's."
DENIES YKEVIOUS ACQUAINTANCE WITH SOEDER.
Neiblas was closely questioned in regard to his previous acquaintance
with Soeder, prior, to his taking rooms at his house with Blaise. He de
nied that he had ever met Soeder before Soeder went to his Jackson-street
house. Xeiblas said he had lived in the house he is at present occupying for
one year, and prior to that lived on Broadway, near the Latin quarter.
To-day Detective Gibson will give Mrs. de Lareuelle a chance to see
Xeiblas and further complete her identification. He would have done so
yesterday, but Neiblas was at work at the Vermont Marble Works, where
he Is employed as a marble polisher.
The police are still working in the Barbary Coast section of town and
expect to show that Soeder was not in his room, as he has stoutly main
tained, on the night Blaise was murdered on the side of Russian Hill. The
new piece of evidence supplied will be followed and If Neiblas is the man
whom Mrs. de Lareuelle saw he will be given a chance to explain why
he has kept quiet the fact that he delivered the , gray suit that Soeder is
known to have worn on the night of the murder. Although Xeiblas has
Ueen interviewed many times In regard to what he knows about the move
ments of Soeder on the night of the murder he has not given the police
any definite knowledge as to whether Soeder was in his room at the time
he says he was or not.
He has said that he was upstairs hammering and -working on some new
fixtures and would not have heard Soeder if he had come in between the
hours he claims he did on the night of January 10.
Further evidence showing the criminal nature of Soeder was found yes
terday by Detective Gibson. A man named C. Webster, a sea cook, residing
at S28 Fremont street, called at the Hall of Justice and told Gibson that he
had worked with Soeder in Alaska for several years.
"Once while we were on shipboard." said Webster, "Soeder was working
as a cook and the captain asked him to make his, the captain's, wife, some
biscuits. Soeder had a lot of morphine, chloroform, cantbarides and other
poisons in his trunk and remarked that if the captain's wifewanted biscuits,
•she would eat them in hell.' I met him on the street a few days before the
murder of Blaise and remarked to him that he was looking fine. I asked
him if he was going to Alaska this year again, and/he said that he was not,
as he was going to have all the money he wanted In a few weeks."
The police regard this as good evidence, as-it helps to verify that of a
similar nature already obtained. : *>-,
A letter from Blaise's wife written January 10, the day~Blaise was mur
dered, arrived at 827 Jackson street yesterday. The police took it in charge.
It is a pathetic incident, as it was written on the day Blaise met his death.
Mrs. A. de Lareuelle Supplies Important
Link in the Blaise Murder Case.
MRS. A. DE LAREUELLE, clerk at the Native Sons
Cleaning Establishment. 430 Bush street, told Detective
Gibson yesterday that she was almost certain that the
njan that took Socder's gray suit to the establishment to be
cleaned on the morning- of the Blaise murder was Joseph
Xeiblas. Mrs. De Lareuelle received the suit that Soeder sent
to be cleaned the morning after Blaise was murdered. She
positivelv identiried Xeiblas bv his picture. Xeiblas is landlord
of the house at which Soeder and Blaise roomed. (
PHOTOGRAPH OF LANDLORD JOSEPH NEIBLAS IS IDENTIFIED AS THAT
OF THE MAN THAT TOOK SOEDER'S SUIT TO A CLEANING ESTABLISHMENT
Second ¦ Attempt, at \ Suicide Proves
Successful; Prisoner Using Cell - .
• , "¦ ',' 'mate's linltc'." - ,.*':.
\ Charles Sablns,,: who \ murdered ; his
wife in this clty.last 'August,; committed
suicide . yesterday, afternoon . . In '« : the
Broadway County Jail v by \ cutting his
throat j with Stable knife. - V : .i,i,:
The deed was'dohe at about half /past
( one^o'clock jh(the,' afternoon whll'e^hls
cellmate, \ Bernard , Ward, ; was walking
.iip^and down the corridor. ; When ;Wai;d
re-entered : the '¦': cell ¦ ; "he • found / Sabln's
dead, body ;.in- ! a;chair : in :a-cbrner.^ , A"
tin bucket covered "with" \biood >as next
.the' chair, :and',the-knife;! was 'in the
bucket. . - ¦".-/ ;
Sabins- murdered -his wife," Ellen t on
'August: 5, of last year,; in -her room 1 at
1812 . Mason' street, i by . shooting' her
through the head with : a = revolver. ¦ He'
then - shot . himself through the ,.head.
and' cut -his throat. > On /that occasion
he left a note. reading: "To whom It
may -concern: I /am i guilty^ of ¦ " this
crime.. .Charles. Sabins." ''•-.- ;¦ •
• On recovering 'from -his injuries Sa
bins was confined In the ] Broadway jail
/or. trial , on i a charge of "murder. ¦ The
table knife with which he killed himself
belonged to -.Ward arid had been used,
for.' cutting" bread. *
WIFE . MURDERER SABIXS >£§
. -CUTS SHORT HIS; LIFE
Choral harmony w ; as the dominant
feature of -^ the Verein Arion's second
concert of, the-season last evening -in
Native Sonsv Hall. .The! audience was
large and appreciative and- the ap
plause that followed each number was
spontaneous and; merited.
| The verein, consisting of the Arion
Maennerchor, the Arion Ladles' Cho
rus and the Arion Mixed Chorus, was
assisted by. Madame Ida de Seminario,
soprano; Hother violin; C.
\V. Fuhrer. viola; F. C. Zen. flute, and
F. A. . Ballaseyus and S. i Martinez,
piano. The instrumental portion of
the/concert contributed mightily* to
the charm of the vocallsm.. Frederick
Zech Jr. directed the music, ' -
All ..the choral numbers were sung
with a precision that "reflected intelli
gent'drilling by the director and con
scientious 'study by, the vocalists.
Madame de .Seminaro's singing v of
"Forever" won a hearty encore, and
her execution -of the Meyerbeer aria
enthused the audience .to the. point of
demanding a repetition^ The instru
mental solos v and" concerted,' numbers
also received merited approval. ;
j The annual masquerade of the Ve
rein Arion' is announced , for February
27 in the Post-street hall.
Choruses and .Vocal and Instrumental
Solos Enthuse a Large and Cul- ' :
tured Audience. (.*../
VEREIX ARION GIVES . .
. . A CHARMING- CONCERT
Everything is in readiness for the re
ception of • Governor W. H. Taft, who
is due here early this morning. He will
be received by Colonel George Andrews,
representing General MacArthur; Ma
jor Parker, W. West, aid \ to General
MacArthur, who will act as aid to Gov-
Yesterday it was rumored that some
turn had been reached In the salt war
now raging in this city by. which re
conciliation was about to be effected.^
Large buyers of salt that have been
holding back notwithstanding the pres-'
ent low price for salt having^in ;View
the possibility that a still lower; level
might be reached were interested, be
cause the return of harmony between
the warring salt companies would cause
an immediate rise in the market. ' .
Inquiry led to the fact that there
is no compromise in slgnt nor is there
any chance of a near settlement of dif
ferences. Ton salt, which is the col-'
lective way of describing several
grades, was going freely yesterday to
any one that wanted it for $4 a ton,
or perhaps lower. Yet there were not
many buyers. The fish companies that
have immediate need of salt have laid
in their winter stock, but jtheir greatest
need is in the spring. Then, naturally,
the heaviest buying takes place. ,-. It is
not supposed by any of the salt'buy
ers that the war. now in progress can
be maintained until spring.
On the other hand, the companies,
the Amalgamated and the Imperial,
while they agree that some settlement
eventually will be reached, deny that
the situation Is liable to change for
some time. There are at least 120,000
tons of salt that are in the hands of
the companies now. This vast bulk- is
a sufficient supply in itself for the Pa
cific Coast for quite a long period.
Rather than to have outsiders break
into the market some of Jhis salt will
be practically given away. The
ample of the shipload of salt imported
RUMORED PEACE
OFFERS DENIED
WAR SECRETARY
IS DUE TO-DAY
Impressive Ceremony Is Held in the
Presence of Supreme Chief Rang
er John T. Kelly.
The monster initiation of the For
esters of America under the auspices
of the combined courts of San Fran
cisco was held in Eintracht Hall last
night and 325 strangers were admitted
into the order in the presence of Su
preme Chief Ranger John T. Kelly of
Xew Jersey and the majority of the
grand officers of the State of Califor
nia.
It' was one of the most perfect ex
emplifications of the work ever pre
sented in this city. Edwin R. Zion,
chairman of the executive committee,
presided and informed the 1500 mem
bers of the order of the programme
for the evening. After the initiation
the supreme chief made an enthusias
tic address and closed by proclaiming
the newly initiated candidates mem
bers of the order and" of the courts in
which they placed their applications.
The stage was occupied by the su
preme chief ranger. Grand Chief
Ranger Gabriel, Grand Secretary John
J. Cordy, Grand Recording Secretary
Dr. C. M. Troppmann, Grand Treasurer
Frank Conklln, Grand Junior Wood
ward H. L. Simon, Grand Senior
Woodward C>H. Root. Deputy Su
preme Chief Ranger , Jacob Samuel,
Grand Trustees D. Tcare, J. W. Em
crick, G. W. Beck, J. Meyer, Grand
Senior Beadle Henry , Haab, Past
Grand Chief Rangers J. S. W. Saun
ders, E. I. Wolfe, J. W. Hughes and
John Heenan and twenty flagbearers.
To-night the Foresters will tender
the supreme chief ranger a "reception
and ball in the same hall.
i Workman Falls Dead.
James Nealon, a marble polisher,
70 years of age, residing at 441 Teha
ma street, died on the sidewalk at the
intersection of Tine and Battery
streets at 7:15 a. m. yesterday. He
•was going to .work for. Joseph Musto
& Son when he was suddenly stricken
with heart failure. -
Owners ' Arc 31 issing.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Cross
and ; "Welch have seized a net which
wag set acros3 the mouth of Ilussian
River for the purpose of catching steel
heads. The owners "have not yet been
located. - Deputies Weitzel and Toms
have also taken, two 400-foot nets that
were set in San Diego Bay.
from Mexico mentioned in The Call two
days ago, in ' which • instance: a great
loss was met, has put an end to; im
portations, at' least* at present. «|
The principal salt- men said yester
day that the fight would now be warm
and grow keener to Us natural finish.
The Amalgamated Company has large
supplies to be manufactured on demand
if they are needed. All through the
business section salt is the commodity
on which the eyes of merchants are
focused. . ¦ t
WOMAN CLERK TX BUSH-STREET RENOVATORY, AND BOEDER'S LANDLORD, WHOSE PHOTOGRAPH SHE
IDENTIFIES AS THAT. OF THE MAN WHO BROUGHT' THE CLOTHES OF THE ALLEGED MURDERER
OF JOSPH BLAISE TO THE PLACE TO BE CLEANED.
Colonel Andrews, with attending offi
cers, will board the big ship and in the
name of General MacArthur welcome
Governor Taft to the United States.
Should the Korea arrive early, the
Secretary and party will be at once
taken on the Slocum and rushed to
Oakland mole, where Mr. McCormick
of the Southern Pacific will have a
train in readiness and. will hold the
same until 10:50 a. m.. but no later..
Should the steamship be too late for
the train, Governor Taft will return
to the city and remain until the 10
o'clock train Sunday morning.
Governor Taff is accompanied by
Mrs. Taft, two children, his secretary,
K. w. Carpenter, and Judge "Wolfley,
Attorney General of the Philippines.
ORDER AMERICAN* FORESTERS
INITIATES MAXY STRANGERS
On account of the. early hour at which
the Korea was expected to arrive, the
reception "committee went on board the
Sheridan at midnight last night and
at daybreak hoarded .the tug Slocum
and proceeded out through the Golden
Gate to await the arrival of the big
liner.
ernor Taft; Major C. A. Devol, who will
represent the transport service and see
to the arrangements for the transpor
tation of the distinguished party; Cap
tain Baker of the transport service,
who is an intimate friend of the Sec
retary; Dr. Cnmmlngs, chief of the
Marine Hospital service; Colonel Pippy,
representing: the Union League Club;
Professor Bernard Moses, who was one
of the original Philippine commission,
and the representatives of the press.
Collector of Customs Stratton will also
be in the party, and in accordance with
his instructions from L. M. Shaw, Sec
retary of the Treasury, will extend to
Governor Taft courtesies that are
granted to diplomats of the highest
rank.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. .SATURDAY, JANUARY. 23.. 1904.
16
HALE'S. | BALE'S.
At Hale's: A Saturday of Unusuallnterest.
$1.25 Flannelette Wrappers 65c.
Almost half price, but when you look. at the wrappers you will be
more astonisheifstill to see how new and dressy and well made thev are.
with deep flounces around the skirt and very full; sleeves larcc. ruffles
and yoke trimmed with braid. The patterns may be limited. Thev will
get more limited every hour in the day. . ..
Other notable wraooer values on the tables to-dav. ¦
95c — Dark flannelettes; wide skirt flounces, standing collars, ruffles
and braid.
$1.25— Dark ground flannelettes; flounce skirt?, standing and rollinz
collars, braid and ruffles.
$1.75 — Kimona wrappers: voked backs and fronts; shawl collars.
Windowful 15c Ribbons.
Moires (6 in.); satin taffetas (4 iu.).
Two bread-and-butter ribbons which it will be a surprise to any
one to find so low as 15c. We don't know o* any wholesaler selling
them so cheap as that in big lots. We have had them out for a few
days. This is our last chance to call your attention to them. Only one
shade left of the moires (green). Quite a few shades in the satin taf-
fetas - _
Toilet Soaps. A Chance Tc-Day to Buy
Come to Hales to-day and pay Veils at 15c.
' ic for a cake of cocoanut oil soao. Regular 25c kind.
3c for 5c elder flower, glycerine Tuxedo mesh styles in ever so
and wild rose toilet soaps. many dainty patterns; plain and in
Sc Transparent srlvcerine soap fancy effects; some with self dots.
(similar to Pear's). others with chenille, others with
Sc White soap; large, hard milled velvet spots; still others have dots
perfumed cakes. in cluster?; black, brown, white,
ioc box, French Violet soap. .1 navy and black and white. Among
cakes. them arc a few Tuxedos in 2 color
18c box. Dr. Oliver's skin, .soap effects— royal blue and white, brown
(3 cakes); good medicated soap. a " d . whl *e, red a,nd white, black and
22c bar, Italian Castile soao: large vvh ' t . c and " avy a ? d . whlt^\ M „*
k, r , u««. r n.,,1;,.. Also maline styles with black
bars, bestqaaiitj. sQuffl<r dots that , ook go daimy whcn
you make them, into rosettes.
Important Sale ->
Sponges and Chamois Popcorn Crisp. .
cn nc Three sc rolls to-day for ioc. Its
M, . , an iresn.
ah new. * Ambrosia, a rvew Confection.
All perfect. _ How appetizing it must be — made
All underpriced. of popcorn, peanuts, cocoanut and
A window fitted this morning and honey! Can you imagine a more
three bargain tables. Buy if you tempting combination? Get some
have any use at all for them— no to-day, sc and ioc packages,
telling when such a chance will — ~~
Face Chamois, 5c. Sc. 12c. 20c, 23c. 30c /^S^^/SylsSS?!^ Ew jf^^^^!f7S.
Sponges, 4c. lOr, 15c. 25c, 28c, 35c, up to flBj ¦^^*-^*-^
those extra larije Mediterranean *• — { -^^ZGOoi* f}n/yt*A
sponges at \\ 15. ;.' l " TSl *'«*g | fg-^
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' b
[:¦' ' I MABKS BROS. ,
MARKS BROS.
...Sale of...
Walking Skirts
PRICES; ARE CUT FROM *£
to % OFF THEIR REG-
ULAR VALUES.
01.25 Sale Price for $1.95
VI Walking Skirts.
Cf 1.65 Sale Price for $2.25
0* Walking Skirts. ¦
0 1.95 Sale Price for $2.75
V * Walking Skirts.
<t?O- 45 Sa/e Pn ' ce ior $ 3 - 50
0 i-JC Walking Skirts.
0Q.75Sale Price fop$3.95
mC0S/k0Sk0s^
Q Q'25Safe Price fbr $4.45
9O Walking Skirts.
&Q.45 Sa/e Price tor $5.00
V>0 Walking Skirts.
V MATERIALS comprise the
LATEST DESIGNS >: in Novelty
Mixtures, -Men's Suitings,
Serges, Cheviots and Scotch
Tweeds. Elegantly Tailored
throughou t ; -¦ perfect fitting
over the hips, widening out
at -the bottom in the Prevail-
ing, Full'Flare Effect; Stylish-
ly Trimmed in Tailor- Stitched
Straps. Several up-to-date
styles to select from.
DON'T OVERLOOK OUR MANY
' CLEARANCE : BARGAINS ON ! OUR
CENTER COUNTERS.
.Green Trading Stamps With All
' Purchases. •' •
MmKSBROS.
Honest Values.
1220^222-122*iMarket St.,
Bet Taylor '.and Jones.
ADVEKTISEMZ2TTS.
STAS SAFETY SAZOS. A| p ft
Regular |2 Valu<\ \| Kll
Mr Price OIlJU
The lines 1 carry are all hitrh clua
Itoods, and my assortment l» largo and
choice. Jly prices mean a blgr savins to
yu.
A rood POCKT7T KXIFE. with two.
three or four braden. worth C I f\ I \
x. ch more, for 91*Uvl
Standard makes of HAZORS of Btiar-
Rntecd quality; my prices, <£ • C\f\
from O1»UU
SCISSORS— High-class goods; CICZ.^.
my prices, from «OC
Good Hones. 25c, f>0c' up to J2.0O. Raror
Strop*. 25c. r>©c. 75c. *1.O<> ud to SZ.Su.
Two bars Williams' Shaving- Soap. t5c.
Orders by mall promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. \V. PITTS, the Stationer.
IOCS Market st.. above Powell. San Francisco
flnilar
1/UlIUl .^
Premium L 1 1 coffees
Free "** spices
withEach vCcnt5 BaKa «
withEach worth Pftw^
rThey are Beauties q
A thousand kinds jtik
to Select from. <^S
It Pays to jp
Trade at J
Great American Importii £ Tea Co's
1 Stores
«*I Market ao Grant tr. 1413 P^k
1« StxO^ 1?19 r*rri»dCT» 705 Lartln
475Hal*£t 3006 Sixteenth 855 Bayes
32a532JuioQ 521 lion tg'y »t«. E2 Market
ZOQSFiSmor* 251S Minion US Ninth
SCSThml 2732 mh *g) Fourth
;; THE BOARD OF V
LONDON WINE MERCHANTS
HAS SELECTED
DRYMONOPOLE
A3 THE 6EST
CHAMPAGNE IN THE
W0RL0
PARKER'S |
BALSAM ;!
t Proraotes tua growth of tHo li&ir and I '
!• gt7cs It tea lustre and sllilaess of ycata. ; ',
$ Wben tbo l'iir 13 gray or faded It j '
'I BRINGS BACK THE YC'JTHFUL COLOR. ¦ ;
< , It prevents DaadraXf and hair fantng !
!' and keeps t!» scalp clean and healthy. J
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
This '.)om« for the ased. conduc »<J by th«
Sisters uf Mercy. Is situated at Saa Vies k
Cal.. ¦ on University Heights, overtook !nr th»
ocean. The climate is considered »ns tlnest >:i
the world free from extremes of fc^it or cold.
A"ed couples ar» also received. Th« charge*
for a home fcr life rary from 51500 UDwarJ.
according to age and requirements. Fot further
Information apply to Sister SutwrJcr H. J»-
acsb's Sanitarium. Saa Dteso, Cai. .... y