VIEW. OF : KORRAN^CAPITAL
AND • PORTRAIT OF-'A.-FA
MOUS • DIPLOMAT. V •> SS !
Japan's attitude was outlined in
dispatches received to-day by the
department from Minister Gris
com in Tokio and some of trie
American Embassadors in Eu
rope. These advices agree that
Japan will positively refuse to ac
cept the Russian proposal that a
neutral zone embracing nearlv
one-third of Korea be established,
and would insist upon *be main
tenance of the territorial integrity
of China and Korea, while willing
to recognize Russia's special in
terests in Manchuria in return for
recognition by Russia of Japan's
special interests in Korea. The
tone of the department's advices is
not hopeful and sensational news
will not surprise the officials here
Rumors in Japan that the
(JALL BUREAU, 1406. G
STREET, N. W., WASHING
TON, Jan. 7. — A prominent
official of the War Department,
who refused to permit the use of
his name, declared this afternoon
that war between Russia and
Japan was almost certain. He add
ed that news of the beginning of
hostilities might be received in
.^Vi^ir^on^withTn "the ' next
twenty-four hours, although he
did not look for a rupture of Rus
so-Japanese relations for a week
or ten days.
"The situation is such," said
the War Department official,
"that the clash between the forces
of Russia and Japan may occur at
any moment, and in any event
cannot much longer be averted."
READY TO INVADE KOREA.
Information came to the State
Department this evening from one
of its diplomatic agents in Europe
that 35,000 Japanese troops . are
ready to be landed in Korean ter
ritory. On account of this and
other advices the administration
practically abandoned its hopeful
view. The statement concerning
the 35,000 Japanese troops was
sent as a "report," but the high
standing and reliability of the
sender give it the greatest conse
quence in the minds of the au
thorities. It conforms to advices
cabled to the State Department
within the past twenty-four hours
by the American diplomatic estab
lishments in Tokio and the capi
tals of Europe, indicating that
the Russian response to the last
Japanese proposals was unsatis
factory to Japan and showing that
the situation was very grave in
deed.
REJECTS RUSSIA'S PROPOSAL
Special Dispatch to The Caii.
Washington Officials
Expect News oi
a Conflict.
First Battle May Oc
cur Within Twen
ty-Four Hoiirs.
Continued on Pa;c 2, Coiunui 6.
The committee met;nearly ; a" month ago
and • fixed thei time l and" placei'for ', the
National , convention, ."i The ' chairman , is
to.lssue f the: call "a'ndv many .-friends of
the President think he has : been « unduly
slow : in. issuing it." '.;
NEW ;YORK, - Jan. . 7.-fJustIce . Bar-;
rett and- a'jiiry .began to-day, thej hear.-'
ihg.^of a'- suit" brought^by*. Clarence H."
Mackay, the millionaire , clubman and
turfman; to recover' 55MO. damages' from
the ' Metropolitan/ Street Railway* Com-!
pany for.Hhe '; loss /of ;a.horse/aridTca.b,'
which '; were "struck /by; ; one ; of ) the^'de
fendant's • crbsstdwn • cars'; on ¦•'February,
27 last; :_-. ... ¦^.'"'.j ( '¦ N .. . . -\.'.. :i ; ; ; ."¦'"•' ;'¦¦¦; ¦ ' -:
¦ It was -brought -out; in the ; testimony
that Mrs.;Mackay.. was'In the'cab when
it 'was "wrecked." . "'. :-.'.• ;;:;
. . Mackay \ ¦ that :¦ he -paid > 51900,
for"; the horse^ and /valued] lt?at\j3000. v It
was"soibadly- hurts, that-fit': had ;to ; be
killed. - The r cab : co'it' 51050.^ > , . ,
Ex- Justice", 'Cohen appeared^ for
Mackay > an'dj^ex- Justice'', DalyV for'Tthe
defendant. *..* The '2 *case"t] wil I 'f go f \ on IV to-'
morrow./ V.'>S ";'*% ¦- v . - -:: . , ¦'
Special • Dispatch to -The .Call.
- CAPE HATTIEN, Jan. 7. — Follow
ing the news that a Dominican cruiser
had ¦ arrived at Puerto Plata, after
having embarked troops and muni
tions . of "i war at Sosua, Minister
Gufrere Has ordered the place to sur
render. He haa granted twenty-four
hours, : after which he will make an
attack by land and sea.
The. American and British war. ves
sels "will 'oppose the „ bombardment of
the city, and the Dominican command
ant has protested against it.
GeneraliDeschamps haa sent troops
to intercept the troops of the govern
ment. I General Caceres, the vice presi
dent of the provisional government, is
of the opinion that General Jlmlnez.
the leader, of the revolutionists, is
short of money and munitions of war.
CRISIS NEARING
IN MACEDONIA
i Jan. ' 7.— The Royal • Mail
steamship ¦ Atrato, which arrived to
day. fronvSavanilla and 'Cartagena, re
ports that, there is great military ac
tivity in both of those towns and that
large numbers of troops are concen
trating in" Cartagena. Many of these
troops arrived 'from the'interior dur
ing the' last fortnight. It is 'learned
thnt- the ¦ Colombian | troops at Carta
gena now.number. at least 2000. .
The ! Colombian -cruiser General
Pinzonand.the steam tug Nellie, con
tinue;, to convey troops to, Titumati as
they^ come ,ln. from the .interior. The
last ¦ detachment,"; which consisted of
300" men „ from ! the ' Department of
Antioquia, were brought to Cartagena
by' train 'from "Calamar. Most of: these
are volunteers without uniforms.
-The- cruiserf Cartagena is now laid
up'- at - Cartagena, undergoing' repairs,
her -boilers' being- defective. It- is? re
ported that she will soon be ready to
resume the itransportation'of troops.
»- The. war. talk is. unabated* in Carta
gena, and,'; in'Jcertain quarters, discon
tent. Is .openly ; expressed with • * the
tjiplomatlcpolicy^of-General Reyes.
"-; Major. Coles' division of 300 marines
from' the 'United States cruiser Dixie
disembarked .'this morning -and .went
by train to Empire -Station, .on" the
Panama- railroad. The auxiliary^ cruiser
Prairie and the • cruiser -Olympia re
turned ¦'¦ to "Colon "to-day. Admiral
Coughlan transferred his flag .to" the
Olympia. • ' : • ;
Massacre * of Christians May
Occur and Turkey May Call
Out the Third Army Corps
SALONICA, Jan. 7. — An order has
been received from Constantinople to
hold x the i'Third Army Corps in readi
ness. There 13 great military activity
in Seres. Troops are leaving Monastir
for Uskubl ... •¦
" A" massacre; of Christians at Mona
stir.Is expected in the event'of the de
•paTture of "Hilmi Pasha, the inspector
of the Sultan's reform movement.
Missionary. Is ; - Accidentally Drowned.
¦;i ANTW'ERP. Jan. 7.^-The rsteam
bQatlLapsley.sowned by'the American
Presbyterian *¦' Mission/ while on ; the
way;from\Upp'er; Congo to It Lebpolds
ville,. turned turtle- opposite.*: Kwa
mouth, v A . « missionary,* - «-. name ' not
known, * and ¦ twenty-three natives twere
drowned., - ' -
STREETCAR
LINE SUED
BY MACKAY
".".Up to a. late 'hour" to-night .Governor
Peabody was 'notf*at'-'his i 'h6me;- and '-'it
was | impossible^ to -tearnV.what' action
he will , take iregarding the ; writ of; in
junction issued by .'Judge,' Seeds of Tel
ler, county. - ;^f v ;... /.-.^V :;: \ > ;
"The order; simply applies ' to - agita- !
tors .and -disturbers.^" No one will be
forced to. work if he .'does* not ".care to. 1
and men can remain'in" the" district ; as
long as \ they ;beha\'e . Uiemselyes. : They
must . not Interfere. j.with . others •' who'
want. to work!" • -" '• _ ' ' J,-Uv. , .." i
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Jan. 7.—
Judge Seeds of the District Court of
Teller .County, on the application of
the attorneys for the Western Federa
tion of Miners, , to-night issued a tem
porary injunction against the Stats
militia, the Mine Owners' Association
and the Citizens' Alliance, enjoining
them | from driving any union miners
from the district. The hearing on the
writes set for January < 11.
' DENVER,' Jan. ; , 7.— Adjutant General
Sherman M.^BellTsaid .to-night that he
had given instruction's^ to' Colonel Ver
deckberg, commanding the "troops in
the* Cripple Creek- district, to^ permit
no service upon himself or other offi
cers 6f the guard in the injunction suit
of ' the ."Western* ' Miners.
He declared that no attention 5 would be
paid to the writ, r 1 / '.;;"•' *|
. Speaking of I the. vagrancy order Is
sued at. Cripple; Creek by Colonel Ver
deckberg. commanding the State troops
In the district, Governor Peabody said
to-day: . >. ':¦.¦'-'¦- ¦ :,./^- r ,- :":?;-¦
; "What „ makes the story .'that 'Hanna
Is really a candidate . easy; for.- anti-
Kerens Republicans to believe; is ¦,.- the
fact that they are already.' complain
ing because Hanna has not .issued the
formal call for the National convention.
"Whether Hanna is .really, a'candi
date and will make, the announcement
according to the scheduled outline may
be doubted. Direct ' information ¦ from'
Hanna himself Is wanting, but there
is not any doubt about the- position
Kerens is taking or that Morse is" sin
cere In giving iUoutthat/Hahna^'is a
candidate. -. -,' '¦..• -. , ' • . •
KANSAS CITY. Mo... , Jan. 7.— The
Star says: "A story that on .next Tues
day Senator Hanna will announce that
he is a candidate for President and
that on the. day following, R. C. Kerens
will issue a. prepared interview .declar
ing for Hanna produced a sensation in
Republican circles here ; to-day. There
are so many facts that support; the
story that it is readily believed by both
elements in the Republican party. .'.', 1
"The telling of the story, is attributed
to E.- L.. Morse of Excelsior Springs,
•who is a strong Kerens man. But back
of it is the fact that -Kerens has for
weeks been laying; the. foundation for a
fiRht against Roosevelt and has talked
to many of his - friends about, it. It
was told in St. Louis three > days ago
that on January 12 Hanna , would * say
finally . whether he -, would beKa candi
date for President. That? he. and Ker
ens had a Inns talk, over':' the Jorig-dis-'
tance telephone from. St. Louis yester
day Is ». another 'corroborative. "story;
brought from St. Louis' by -"another:
friend of Kerens.who was asked by the
National Commltteeman ;to-hold-him
self in readiness to make a fight .for
Hanna. ¦.<".•' . , . ,.,, <
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Will Ignore Injunction
on Behalf of [
v 'lUlllUJLui
Newspaper Says the
Senator Will Try
for Nomination, :
Puerto Plata to Be
Attacked by Land
• and Sea. .
Continjies to Cdncen
v-trafe Troops at
:Cartapa. V
DOMINICAN
PORT WILL
BE SHELLED
COLOMBIA
MOBILIZING
HER ARMY
COLORADO'S
MILITIA TO
DEFY COURT
ANNOUNCES
CANDIDACY
OF HANNA
While Mr. Davis was hurrying
across the continent to catch the
steamer for the Orient The Call
sought out President Harriman of
the Southern Pacific Company
and enlisted his influence to hold
the steamship untiL Mr. Davis
could arrive in this city. Al
though it is the rule of the Pacific
Mail Company never. to. hold any
of its steamers on any account,
Mr. Harriman. realizing the great
necessity of Mr. Davis getting to
the Orient as soon as' possible,
gave The Call the assurance that
the Siberia would not sail from
th'/ port without its corre-
In the meantime Harriman
wired all of the train dispatchers
along the route taken by the over
land to give her a clear track over
everything. It was just 8:35
when the huge locomotive draw
ing the train bearing the special
correspondent drew up at the Oak
land pier, panting, seemingly from
sheer exhaustion, from its rapid
run down from Sacramento. Spe
cial agents of the Southern Pa
cific and Pacific Mail companies
met Mr. Davis at Port Costa and
arranged to get his baggage off in
a rush and convey it to the "wait-
Tit AXSFER RED TO THE TUG.
Scarcely five, minutes had
elapsed when the Millen Griffith
was plowing her w.ay ! to where
the Siberia was lying in the
M-as quickly transferred to the Pa
cific Mail Company's tug Millen
Griffith, and Captain Ames put on
a fyll head of steam and headed
her for the gigantic PacificAMail
liner Siberia, which was being
held to rAvait the coming of the
Special Correspondent Davis
left, his home at Binghamton, N.
Y., on hurry orders last Saturday
night Ordinarily he should have
been in this city in plenty of time
for the regular departure of the
.Siberia. Repeated breakdowns
and heavy snowstorms in the
East put the train back twelve
hours. Much of this time was
made up after leaving Chicago.
On Wednesday night, at Carlin,
New. a drawhead pulled out of,
the dining-car and the train was
HARRIMAX HOLDS LINER.
The Overland Limited train
bearing the New York Herald and
San Francisco Call war corre
spondent, Oscar King Davis,
rolled into the Oakland mole last
right, three hours late. Mr. Davis
Oscar K, Davis De
parts for Scene of
Hostilities.
Pacific Liner Held for
TtieCall's War Cor
respondent
to reinforce
cruisers sent out for the purpose of intercepting ' :^2J^p^iiese : sq.tiadr6n'6f/four ironclads, which, it
is said, is now approaching Korea to stop six Japa^0ecodl=lad£n ships from Japan, destined for
Port Arthur, and to cancel their charter to a Russian' firhi.
WAR BEGINS WITH MOVEMENT OF RUSSIAN CRUISERS
TO INTERCEPT A JAPANESE SQUADRON OFF KOREA
VOLUME XCV— NO. 39
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
THE . WIATSIX.
. . .rcrecait mafle at 8u 7ru
dsco for 'thirty hours ending:
miOnlfht. January 8:
San Francisco and vlclalty—
Tctr rrlday, becomtafr cloudy at
clarht; ? lljht aortheast • winds,
chanrlnar-to southeast..
A. O. KcAOIE,
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.
THE . TXH ATIBS. ¦ ' *»^
- r T •* j>?
AlcasM— "A* ludy^otiQukilty.'*
CalIfornI*-i-"H*ju>y HooUgwi." k >
Central — "Mont a Crist o." /„•> ,
Ptochtr's— r 1^O. TT.*r4 /» "'%
Grand — "The Xwd Waiters." ~*
. Orpheum — "Vaudeville. ... Matlm*
To-Day. "^^'^w
The Chutes— Tauderllle.
TiYoU Opera-Houso — "I^ion." Ss
Columbia— "The Olzl * With tha
Oreea Eyes."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN, FRANCISCO, :'FRinAY;/JANIJARY:S8^;l9(U:SalvatUm Army Captain Dies.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 7.— Staff Cao-
Take I«aJtatlve Brorno-Qulnln^. • Tablets. All
drup^lsts refund the rnoney' If r It falls to cure
RiW: ! Orove'B : sjtfna mr* la m> each box. 2Sc. •
To Cure a Cold in Ones Pay.
* NEW YORK.' Jan. .7.— Major J.'-T
llcTeef, Mayors of Knoxville, , Tehn...
died at the Hoffman House yesterday
nf stftmnch trouble.
¦«•• • . ¦--";¦¦-- • ¦ ¦ . ' ?'¦-,•> ¦-:
3Iayor of Knoxvillc Dies.
.VAUiKJO. : Jan.Vr.— EaVlV this morning for
ty-flvelpiarlne-s In heavy marching order and in
command of Firet . Lieutenant William C.Harl
'Ire, U.'S. M. C, left the navy yard for < a prae-'
tide^msrch of three (toys; duration in' the coun
try -c-a&t of here.* 'Half. of thl? force will be dc
fallca for duty on the*; new cruiser Tacorna and
the other men wlJJ^Se sent to Honolulu; •
NEW YORK, Jan. 7. — Parke God
win...frpm 1837, to 1S53 editor of the*
New York Evening Post, of which he ;
againi became" editor a- f ew' years .later:
and .\pell kn,own as; editor and author;;
died to-day. --• " ; ,
Editor Godwin Dies in New York.
Jii WASHINGTON.. Jan. 7.-^-The Secre
tary-of State has received through M.
Jusserand, • French Embassador, a for
mal tender of a" bust of Washington
from the women of France.' The offer
will be submitted by Secretary Hay to
Congress with a recommendation tha,t
it be accepted and provision made for
a ceremonial installation. The bust is to
be a reproduction of that destroyed by
tire: in the Capitol in '1851. Count de
Rochambeau; w N as leader of the sub
scription for; the reproduction.
Will Be , a Reproduc'tioii';br the One
Destroyed by -Fire in tho Na
tional Capital iri 1 85 1 .
WOMEN OF, FRANCE .TENDER ..
A BUST OF " AVASIHNGTON
The first consignment of ithe Russian
Government's big meat order will "be
shipped 1 from here January 15 i on the
liner Coptic' "This consignment will
consIstVbt ten carloads/ '
Russia's Meat Order.
DENVER, Jan. 7.— George S.
Phelps, an eminent lawyer-poet, died
at his home in this city to-day. Phelps
had practiced law in Le'adville since
1880 and recently published a. book of
verse entitled t'Cloud City Chimes."
Death of a Lawyer-Poet.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 7.— A dispatch
was received here this morning con
taining Information of the death of
Archie Nivens last night at Snowball,
Ariz. Nivens was one of the prominent
mining: experts in the United States,
having returned not long ago from
Korea, where he went to examine
mines for an English : syndicate. He
had been in Arizona for three months
expertJng mines for Oakland capitalists
and was expected home shortly.
He was a native of this county, his
parents now residing: at Nevada City
His- -wife and two children have boen
living in ..this city fpr some time. Mrs.
Niyens was on. her way to her hus
band's beflside .when his death oc
curred. The cause of death' is not
known here, but it is believed to have
been- pneumonia. *- ¦ -«. •-
Mininc Expert Dies Suddenly.
• WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— Orders have
been sent to the commandant of the
Mare Island Navy Yard to put the new
cruiser Tacoma, now receiving finishing
touches at the Union Iron Works, into
commission as soon an' sho is delivered
to the povemment.. Tt is understood
the vessel will be assigned to 'duty In
isthmian waters." ' "
New Cruiser Is 'jo "Be Assigned to
Duty in Isthmian Waters.
SERVICE FOR THE TACOMA.
tain Nellie Truelove, head of the Sal
vation Army rescue, work In" Los An
geles and one of the leading Salvation
ists in California, died here to-day from
illness due to overwork. Nellie • True
love has been engaged in Salvation
Army work for the past fifteen years,
beginning In Edinburgh and later going
to London, thence to New York and
Chicago, and from the latter place be
ing sent about five years ago to take
charge of the army rescue work in Los
"Angeles. She was 40' years old.
PEKING, Jan. 8. — Major Nathan,
an officer, of the British - army," who
was second in command of railway
transportation in the Transvaal during:
the Boer' War, 'has arrived here. He.
traveled, over the Siberian railway
with the special view of ascertaining,
the possibilities of the road for;, the
transportation' ! of troops and supplies,
in the event Qf war. < : :
Major Nathan made careful obser
vations and collected a grreat amount
of data, . opinion, based on his ob
servations, is that the railroad would
break down and that its administra
tion-would find itself in hopeless pqn
fusion-.within'a week under the -strain
of war emergencies. ;'- + ' : -!.'' ;;> A'.> :
Russia Would;- Have Trouble yin
Movinsr Troops Across Siberia.^ //
POOR RAILWAY FACILITIES.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— United
United States Minister Allen, at Seoul,
Korea,, has cabled the State Depart
ment, under to-day's date, that the
ese Railroad Is Closed to Them.
Marines Proceed Afoot AVhen Japan-
RUSSIANS MARCH TO SEOUL.
The answer, which was prepured by
Secretary Hay, though c:.uche<*. In the
most diplomatic terms' and .expressing?
the. wish of this Clovcrnuient to deal
Justly .with Colombia, la an emphatic
refusii to reopen' the Panama question
'* Prior, to the receipt of the reply.
General Reyes wrote to ihe State De
partment, requesting that tho corre
spondence, be transmitted to the Senate
for its consideration. Pending an an
swer, to this request, the correspond
ence" will hot be made puMlc.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— General
Rafael Roycp, the Colombian special
envoy, has received tho answer of the
Washington Government to his note
charging the United State* with open
violation of {he treaty of 1S48,
United States Hefusos to Reopen the
* ' / Pnnnuia Question.
REPLY TO ltEYES'. PROTEST.
TACOMA.' Wash, Jan. 7. — The
steamship Tacoma brings news from
Yokohama that the Japanese 'steam
ship Sanuki Maru painted over her
name and flew the British flag on her
voyage out from London which ter
minated at -Hongkong In Decehibe'r.
The officers of the" steamship ' thought
that war had been declared between
Japan | and " Russia. They aiicbrdingly:
resorted to the ruse of covering the,
vessel's name 'and flying the -British;
ensign to secure, protection from Rus
sian-vessels that might be met on- the
voyage out When Hongkong; w£s
nearly reached the Japanese 1 flag was
again run up and the vessel's : name
was again painted on he.r . stern and
bow. ; ¦ i.;-' . :
the War Was On.
Japanese Resort to a Ruse, Believins
VESSEL'S NAME CONCEALED.
The infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
N. R. Cooper of 914 Brush street died
Tuesday evening. .»--
Mrs. Mary A. Hart, a native of New
York, who has resided in Oakland for
thirty years, died at her home, 330
Eighth street, last night at the age
of 67 years.
-OAKLAND, Jan. 7. — Charles W.
Emery died suddenly last night at his
home, 1194 East Fifteenth street, at
the age of 51 years. The cause of
death was neuralgia of the heart, and
a short time before the end came
Mr. Emery had been around, as usual,
and, did not complain of feeling ill.
Deceased was a member of the Fruit
vale Lodge of Masons, the State
Grange, Amazon Lodge and the Uni
form Rank, Knights of Pythias, and
Alpha Camp, No. 101, Woodmen of
the World. The funeral will be held
at 1:30 p. m. to-morrow, from the
late residence of the deceased, under
the auspices of the Masonic lodge of
which the deceased was a member.
Mr. Emery leaves one sister, the wife
of Dr. X. K. Foster, secretary of the
State Board of Health.
Mrs. Elizabeth H. Wilkins died last
night at her" home, on Twelfth ave
nue, near East Twentieth street. De
ceased was JTO years of age and was
the wife of Charles Wilkins and the
mother of C. W. Wilkins, ' a former
member of the City Council of this
city. The funeral will be held to
to-morrow at 2:30 p. m. from the
Church of the Advent, in East' Oak
land. Interment at Mountain View
Cemetery.
Charles W. Emery Expires Very Sud
denly in East Oakland.
Simuel C Bigelow, president. of the
Savings 1 and Loan Society of this'city,
passed away last evening at his resi
dence, Jackson street and Central'
avenue. Mr. Bigelow was one of the
oldest .and most respected residents
of San" FranciBco. He was born 1 ft
Cambridge, Mass., January 14, 1824, *<
and wa«, therefore, within a few days
of celebrating his'SOth year.
Only ..three weeks ago Mr.' Bigelow
gave a house warming and ' reception
in his handsome new Jiome. A few
days later he was stricken with rheu-
matism, but' at no time was alarm or ;
doubt felt as to his ultimate recovery.'
Yesterday afternoon it sudden : change!
tame, and at 6 o'clock, he" passed away
peacefully. : ' . • .-•;'. r
' Mr. Blgelow.wasa graduate of Will
iams College and entered Harvard
Law School in 1845 and was admitted
to the bar with full honors. His eye
sight, however, * failed him and whs
the cause of his having to give up all
hope of continuing the I practice of
Far Nearly 20 Years Was President of
the Snvlncs and>Loan Society. >
DEATH OF PROPONENT MASON.
PEKING, Jan. 7.— General
Yuan Shi Kai, , commander in
chief of the Chinese army and
navy, sent his, foreign adviser.
Charles Denby Jr., to Peking to
investigate the report as to the
probability of war. Denby has
reported that, according to the
best opinions obtainable, based
on diplomatic information, war
cannot be averted.
CHINESE GENERAL
IS INFORMED WAR
CANNOT. BE AVERTED
S. C. BIGELOW PASSES AWAY.
PRINCETON. N. J., Jan. 7.— Ruth
Cleveland, the eldest child of ex-Presi
dent and Mrs. Grover Cleveland, died
at the Cleveland home here to-day very
unexpectedly, the immediate cause of
death being a weakening of the heart
action during a mild attack of diph
theria. Dr. Wickoff, the attending
physician, said that Miss Cleveland had
been ill with a mild form of diphtheria
for four days and that the heart affec
tion was not anticipated. She was 15
years old.
The Cleveland household .:. is I grief
stricken over the death of. the. eldest
daughter and many messages of con
dolence are being received. -The funeral
services will be*held*at the Cleveland
home to-morrow, conducted .by Rev.
Maitland Bartlett. Burial will be at
Princeton Cemetery.
Dr. Bryant says the other children
show no signs of diphtheria.
. LOS ANGELES, Jan. 7.— The Times
says: It is estimated that by. the end
of this month over 1000 Japanese will
have gone back from. California to
Japan, having been called to go by an
edict of Japanese Consul Molono of
San '; Fran cisco. This statement was
made by K. Baba, who is an educated
Japanese of high standing among hi3
kindred iri Los Angeles.
"We are. very glad to meet with
Russia in arms," he said. "We must
flght arid we feel that all are glad
.about the war. The Japanese who
are going belong, to the class of those
-who -were once soldiers and they are
called back to serve in the home guard
and be ready to go Into active service
when needed. The Japanese of this
city .who belong to this class did not
wait for the order of the Consul, but
proposed to h{m two months ago that
they should go, and I wrote ' the let
ter. . Many of them have already gone
and the rest will leave before J:he end
of the month.'!
The foremen of the " electric foads
and of the Santa Fe speak of the sud
den departure of Japanese and are
becoming worried nbout a possible
shortage of labor. :
Men Who Once Were Soldiers Re
called to. the Army.
JAPANESE GOING HOJIE.
Italian Cruiser Ordered to China.
CALLAO, Jan. 7.— The Italian cruiser
Puglia has been ordered to sail imme
diately for China.
DEATH ENTERS
THE HOME OF
MR. CLEVELAND
SANTIAGO DE CHILE,
Jan. 7.— -The Government has
asked Congress to authorize the
sale of the battleship Capitan
Prat, the protected cruiser Cha
cabuco, the torpedo gunboats Al
mirante Condell and Almirante
Lynch, the transports Naigo and
Aconcagua, the latter belonging
to the Compania Americano de
Vapores, but aided by and held at
the disposal of the Government
to serve *as armed transports, arid
seven^~torpedo-boat destroyers,
the intention being to replace the
vessels with a more uniform type.
CHILE IS PLANNING
TO SELL HER ENTIRE \
; 'FLEET OF WARSHIPS
A widow and daughter, Mrs. Samuel
A. Wood, and a - rister, Miss Lucy
Bipelow of Oakland, survive Mr.
Blgelow.
The funeral arrangements have not
been completed, but it is probable
that the services will be held at the
First Unitarian Church to-morrow
afternoon.
the law, for which he had a great
liking.
In 1853 he turned his attention to
California and that year came out
to the coast. In 1862 he was elected
to the State Legislature, and in 1866
began a ten-year tour of the world,
visiting all countries accessible to the
ivhite man. Mr. Blgelow was the first
American to travel on the Suez canal.
On Jiis return to San Francisco he en
gsged in business and'~ became di
rector in various corporations, and
for almost twenty years held the posi
tion of president of the Savings and
Loan Society. ¦
Mr. Bigelow was a lover of books,
and in his advanced years was a stu
dent. His collection of art treasures
and antiques is one of the finest in the
country. For a long time he had been
a member of the First Unitarian
Church and at one period was a trus
tee of the organization. His charitable
deeds were many, and he was inter
ested in several benevolent institu
tions.
VIENNA. Jan. 7.— A dispatch from
Flume says that a Japanese officer has
arrived there and has approved the tor
pedoes which were ordered from a
Fiume factory for immediate shipment.
Japan Buying Torpedoes.
War Corresponderits Sail.
Among- the war correspondents that
sailed on the Siberia yesterday were:
Captain Lionel James of the London
Times. Percival Phillips of the Lon
don Daily Express and Frederick
Palmer of Collier's Weekly. All of
them, however, arrived in the city in
time to board the liner before she
pulled out from the wharf at 2:30 yes
terday afternoon.
James served in a British volunteer
regiment through England's recent
war in South Africa and the smell of
powdef is familiar to his nostrils.
Phillips, although on the staff of a
London newspaper, ia an American by
birth. He received his journalistic
training in the local rooms- of the New
xork newspapers.. He is related to
Attorney General Knox arid is prouder
of his Yankee citizenship than of the
important assignment upon which, his
paper hag sent him. He thinks a good
aeal of his paper, which is owned by
Alfred Harmsworth, and is said to
come nearer the American idea of a
news Journal than any other paper
published in the British Isles.
Palmer is by no means a new man
in the war corresponding: field. He
served as . the. correspondent of Col
lier s Weekly in the Spanish-American
War and is a capable man."
Lloyd's Orders' a War Rate.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 7.-M. C.
Harrison & Co., a local marine insur
ance house, to-day received instruc
tions from Lloyd's to make immediate
ly operative a special 10 per cent war
rate on all Russian and Japanese ves
sels leaving this port.
British Cruiser for the Orient.
VICTORIA, B. C.; Jan. 7. — It is
rumored at Esquimalt that the flag
ship Graf ton, a second-class cruiser,
has been ordered to proceed to the
China station to strengthen the Brit
ish fleet in the Far East
Cniiser Alniaza Goes to Far East.
BREST, France, Jan. 7.— The Rus
sian cruiser Almaza of 2385 tons will
leave here to-morrow for the Far
East.
Registrar Walsh at Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— Thomas J.
Walsh, Registrar of Voters in San
Francisco, arrived in Washington to
day from California with the ballots
cast in the Kahn and Livernash Con
gressional election. The contest will
come before the Elections Committee
on January 14. The original ballots
will be submitted to th« committee for
them to pass «on.
The army is excited, but the
higher officers are remarkably
calm, believing that the Japanese
are only "bluffing." There .is a
normal movement of troops in
both directions on .the railway.
The Port Arthur defenses are
complete and the authorities are
confident.
PORT ARTHUR, Jan. 7.—
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York
Herald. CopyriRht, 1H04, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
RUSSIAN OFFICERS *
THINK THAT JAPAN
IS BUT "BLUFFING''
According to the Standard's Tokio
correspondent, an increasing number of
steamships are requisitioned daily as
transports.
The correspondent of the Daily Mail
at Tokio reports on the authority of the
newspaper Chuo that one Japanese has
been murdered near Port- Arthur and
that four others have been injured. -
The insurance of the Japanese cruis
ers Nisshin and Kasan, which were
built at Genoa and bought from the
Argentine /Government, has been com
pleted after considerable difficulty. The
policies ' have been so arranged as to
permit the cruisers to go by way of
the Suez canal, Cape Horn or Cape of
Good Hope routes, as the circumstances
of the moment may dictate.'.
LONDON, Jan. 8.— The Daily Mail's
Tokio": correspondent says: I
1 ."'Governor Taft had a secret confer
ence wIth. ; Maraul3,Ito at the United
States>, consulate, in Yokohama. I un
derstand 'that ; Governor Taft assured
the Mar'auis. that the United States
would. observe a friendly neutrality to
ward JJapan }n the^eyent' of -war and
that.iif lijecessary, "it would 1 grant the
use of American por,ts in the Far East
Co th&' Jap'anefie. fleet.''* '
1 A* dispatch fronr Copenhagen to the
Daily; Mail says- It is. generally known
¦iii'i diplomatic: circles that the Russian
legation considers .war. inevitable. This
is noteworthy because hitherto M. d'ls
volsky,- the --Russian-Minister, has been
highly optimistic. ....
None of -the special cablegrams from
Tokio "printed in. this morning's papers
give the x:qntents, ; of ' Russia's reply,
but all concur 'in believing It to be un
satisfactory. ~- It appears that the note
might. still be undelivered, as Baron de
Rosen,, Russian Minister, la suffering
fronr an ear affection, 'had not Baron
Komura, the Japanese Foreign Minis
ter, visited the Russian legation to get
it.' : : --^' ' '¦ ¦' ' .;,.¦¦-
Tokio Requisitions Large
Number of Ships for
•
»
anything will occur which will
compel it to abandon the attitude
of neutrality. If war comes efforts
which the United States is mak
ing tp^secure the opening of Man
churian ports to foreign trade will
of necessity be suspended for the
period of hostilities. The war
ended, those efforts would be re
sumed.
United, States Government con
templated intervening to avert
war are declared to be groundless.
While the sympathy of the admin
istration is with Japan, it has no
desire to become embroiled in the"
dispute. No determination, how
ever, has been reached by the
President and his advisers as to
the disposition of the United
States fleet on the Asiatic station,
war break out. «...
This Government desires to
avoid any appearance of taking
sides in the troubles that have in
volved Russia and Japan and
there is no reason to believe that
j „• — -
was late in the night when the Si
beria, under the guidance of Pilot
yon Helms, finally, sought the
north channel and plowed her
way to the deep Pacific.
FAMED CORRESPONDENT.
The Call and the Herald, in
keeping with their policy of giv
ing to the public the most accu
rate and quickest news service in
the United States, and, realizing
the grave character which the sit
uation in the Orient has assumed,
at once decided to place in the
field a special correspondent. Hav
ing been always first in • the
presentation of news in all inter
national matters, The Call and the
Herald selected in Mr. Davis a
man who is equaled by none in
the country. Mr. Davis is an
experienced war correspondent
and a sagacious and farseeing
writer. He is a keen observer and
one not given to spreading rumors
stream below Alcatraz. The decks
of the steamer presented an ani
mated sight as the tug drew up
alongside. Passengers crowded
to the steamer's sides to see the
late arrival. Mr. Davis, who was
accompanied by his wife and
child, climbed up a steep ladder
to the towering deck of the liner,
which had been waiting since 2 130
vesterdav afternoon for them. It
Taft Assures Japan of the
Neutrality of This j
¦ J ; Government
or sensations. With him at the
seat of the differences between
Russia ajnd Japan, which have at
this time reached such a critical
stage that any day may bring
forth a declaration of war from
either of the nations, the Herald
and The Call will be in an excel
lent position to keep their readers
accurately informed of all that
transpires in the Orient.
WILL HURRY TO T0KI0.
Mr. Davis will disembark at
Yokohama and proceed at once to
Tokio to ascertain the exact situ*
ation that the trouble has as
sumed during the time he will
have been cut off from the world
on shipboard. He will go with
the Japanese troops and rough it
as a soldier, being constantly at
the front of operations, where he
can see all that transpires.
Oscar King Davis- is well
known in newspaper and literary
circles. He served as a war
correspondent for the New York
Sun and Harper's Weekly during
the Spanish-American War and
the Philippine insurrection. He
was also correspondent in China
during the trouble in 1900. Davis
was born in Bachvinsville in 1866.
He graduated from Colgate Uni
versity in 1888 and a short time
afterward began work as a news
paper man on the New York Sun.
He has written several books,
among which are "Our Con
quests in the Pacific," '-Dewey's
Capture of Manila" and "Sher
reaf's Exclusion."
It is insisted at the Japanese .leg*.-:
tlon that Japan never requested the
view of/ Russia upon the question of
dispatching troops to Korea, and it is
asserted ; that this action would be|
taken, if necessary, without consulta
tion with, that- Government. . :*/¦
PARIS, Jan. 7.-A dispatch to the
Patrie from Constantinople says that
Russia is negotiating with Turkey to
permit her Black Sea' fleet, said to con
sist of seventy-six ships, to pass
through the Straits of the •Dardanelles.
Officials and diplomatic circles here
claim to be' without information re
garding the contents " of the Russian
reply to Japan, but the tone is dis
tinctly ..'pessimistic and there are but
slight hopes of a peaceful exit from the
position in which" Russia and Japan
find themselves."
The diplomats are making inquiries
as to the attitude of the powers in case
of war, that to be adopted by the
United States being regarded as par
ticularly important. The Japanese
Minister said to-day.
"The attitude of the United States
will mean much. She has negotiated a
treaty with China for the opening of
three ports In Manchuria to the com
merce of the world. These ports have
been occupied by Russia and thus her
treaty rights have been violated. Japan
is not guided by selfish motives, but is
acting in the interest of all nations. I
hope the United States will clearly un
derstand our position and will favor 'us
with.IW support.'* ' *:••<?'.¦-',
• The'-Chineae legation claims.', to be
without information in regard to the
attitude at China* regarding v the war.'
It was said that'at the outset ;it was
certain neutrality would be proclaimed,
but in case of Japanese victories it
would not. surprise the legation if the.
Chinese should cast their lot with
Japan. This would seriously embar
rass Russia, not because of the im
portance of the Chinese as a fighting
force, but because of the danger of the
interruption of the Russian communi
cations.
The action of the United States in
sending marines *to Seoul is regarded
here la being a "significant indication
of the trend of its sympathies," and
it la known to be gratifying to' Japan j
because" it establishes a precedent
which the Japanese can follow, if ned
essary, in debarking a strong force bn
the peninsula. : : . ;
Russia Wants to Send Black Sea Fleet
Through Dardanelles.
NEGOTIATING "WITH TURKEY'.
Russian marines, iVho 'landed at Che
mulpo and were refused transporta
tion to Seoul over the Japanese rail
way, have reached the capital, jnarch-
Ink overland. Minister Allen's dis
patch is very brief, reading simply:
. Russian marines marched to-day
(yesterday) to Seoul." '
The railroad between Chemulpo and
Seoul is a single line steam road, and
owing: to its meagre equipment it is
believed at the State Department that
the Japanese officers declined to trans
port the Russian marines over it only
because of lack of rolling stock.
It is understood that the purpose in
sending American marines in such
haste to the Korean capital ahead of
all European marines was because of
a desire to protect not only the Amer
ican legation, in the ; Korean capital,
but also the property of the Chemulpo
electriq railway and the electric light
works, in"b'6th of which Americans are
interested' largely, i Colbrand and
Bostwick, the former a naturalized
American citizen, built -this railway
and also the 'railway conecting Seoul
with Chemulpo, which latter property
was ultimately purchased by the Jap
anese; ',¦";;•;
There are other large American in
terests in Korea; in fact, It is said at
the State Department that they are,
perhaps, more important than those
of any other nation.
\The death of the Empress Dowager
is likely seriously to complicate the,
situation at Seoul. Following the very
rigid etiquette of the Korean court, the
Emperor must now go into an extend
ed period of mourning, which certain
ly will last thirty days and has been
kpown to cover a period of two years.
During this' time of mourning the Em
peror absolutely refuses to touch any
public business, so that it is feared
that Allen, our .Minister, will be pre
cluded from urging his request for the
opening of- the Wiju as a trade port.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt t FRIDAY, JANUARY 8, 190*.
TOKIQ, Jan. 8.-— Russia's 'reply to/. Japan practically removes all hope of a peaceful settlement. Russia has made new demands,
which it wHl be impossible and the British bluejackets landed at
Chemulpo are expected to go to Seoul immediately Constant telegrams are passing between M. Povloff, the Russian Minister to Korea;
Baron de Rosen, the Russian Minister to Japan, and Viceroy Alexieff. The Japanese nation is deeply stirred. Public sentiment favors
the abandonment of negotiations, believing them to be useless, and urges a resort to arms.
REPLY OF THE CZAR MEANS WAR
Continued From Page 1, Column T.
Continued From Page 1, ' Column 1.
2
. ADVERTISEMENTS." -, , ;
Chas. KqHus &^Co.
E x e 1 u s i v e
liigh-Grade Clothiers
No Bran-h Stores. Ko Agents.
Selected Exclusive
Fabrics and Patterns
for Spring and Summer
Really for I n s p e c t io n
Sample Book Is Open
Models Will Be Shown
in About Three Weeks
Kv i.rny Street
Tjiurlow Bloc k
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
GET MY BOOK, IF SICK.
Don't Send a Penny.
T>on*t send » penny.
Just wait till you s«e what I can do.
I.M me tak« tho ri-k. I/ot me prove up first
what Dr. Shoop's Restorative can do. The
Restorative will train your friendship, your In-
dorsement. It you t«st It. And for a whole
month you can use It without the slightest risk.
I will tell you of a drugy/lst near you who
will furnish six bottles of
Or. Shoop's ' JtestoratiTa
A Month on Trial.
I will absolutely stand all the cost If it fails.
If you ray, "It did not help me," that ends It
a* far as cost to you is concerned. Do you
understand me? I am telling it as plainly, as
cltarly as I can. I want you to know abso-
lutely and without doubt that this offer is
made en honor. • 1 have the prescription that
cures. Mjr only problem is to convince you that
Dr. Shoop's' Restorative will cure— is an un-
common- remedy. A common remedy could
not stand a test like this. It would bankrupt
tho physician making the offer. - And I am
succeeding everywhere. Thousands are accept-
ing my offer and only one In each forty writes
me that my remedy failed, t Jtast think of it.'
Thirty-nine out of forty set ' well, and these
ar« difficult cases, top. - And the fortieth ban
nothing to pay. That is a record I am proud
of. It Is wrong to stay sick when a chance
like this is ooen. If well, you shouW tell
others who arc sick, of my offer. Don't let al
sick friend stay sick because he knows not of
my offer. Tell him. Get my book tor him. Do
your duty. Tou may " be sick ' yourself some
time. Sick people need help. They appreciate
sympathy and - aid. Tell me . of • some liick
friend. Let me cure htm. Then he will show
to both of us his irratltude. Your reward wjl! be
his cratlt"de. Send: for the book "now.
, • Do not delay.' '
Simply state which Book 1 on Dyspepsia.
T,nok> rou want and J3odk 2 en the Heart.
.^,rV BhMD Book 3 on th * Kidneys.
!¦«? - _ Sh< J° p< Book 4 for Women. -
Box S63O. Racine, j^j, 5 f pt . meo ( 9ea ied>
"WMs. " Book 6 on Rheumatism
Mild casej. nbt chronic, are often cured with
one or -tm> bottles. At drusxists* '
DB. KILMEB'S SWAMP-ROOT. g
w ¦ .' ¦ m - ... -
Thousands of Women Have Kidney
Trouble and Never . Suspect It
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney, Liver
and Bladder Remedy Will do for YOU, Every Reader
of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Sent FREE
by Mail. •",. ¦ ;•
— ~ — I WOMEN suffer untold misery bc-
CIDN'T KNOW I HAD KIDNEY TROUBLE cause the nature bf their disease is
•— ' not always correctly understood; in
I tad tried „ many rer^ie. without their «^ n V «Sf. s wI \ c " doctoring they ajj
tot-to* benefited ™ that \ was about die- led to believe that womb trouble or
<-nur»Kr<!. bat in a fi-w dajs after taking your female weakness of some sort is re-
wmderfui Sv»«mr>-Koot I began to feel better, sponsible for their ills, when in fact
- » 45 out of heaith-an* run cjown cenerally; disordered kidneys are the chief cause
- .• of their distressing troubles. Perhaps
>>^%-&?*;.£^^. you suffer almost continually with
/ytyps' 1 P a ' n ' n c baci;, bearing down feel-
• // •¦<^'^fl|fcj»fls^ ;^<i>\ ings, headache and utter exhaustion.
//^"ifjEi^l^VV- o;:r P oor l lcaltJl "lakes you
//. V^S^^^^gS^^SJt^^^ nervous, irritable and at times de-
//^^^^^*^^^^^^^\\ spondent; but thousands of just such
/ ; |\\ *•• suffering or broken down' women arc
/ '' •' : ""^rm.^-"^^^^Pa :^^ beins? restored to health and strength
•'•*' * : S^S% ?!^^ k ' : ' «^b^1^\\ every day by the use of that wonder-
MSm^Sf ;^ ful discovery, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
l^j^^ijfi^^?^^^ j^ Root, the great kidney, liver and
1^^^ ; ? ' Not only does Swamp- Root bring
W%!*F$&*ffiyPdL r^- 't^'~"'*~.v*£M '¦ new life and activity to the kidneys,
'^i $" ¦ "="¦' "*v>f£| f \ the cause of the trouble, but by
\ J\'^M^^2Sn treating the kidneys it acts as a gen-
\v?^<^9^T^^'.*^^^v?// eral' tonic and food for the entire con-
VW^S^^S^^M^// ¦ J stitution.
* V?* £h'^^Ufy?tifc*jr-^ r '// ** '" ie m ''^ anc * extraordinary effect
\V i^'vl"^»^l^w^*~'Vx °^ 1 ' 1C wor 'd-famous kidney and blad-
s&Z '"''•' : '"=*'> '•'"¦ ' .// <> " cr remedy, Swamp-Root, is soon
\^^^ • realized. It stands the highest for
\^fr\-^¦ s — <?? :n 'mi\«^S. — /Isy its wonderful cures of the most dis-
AftiSAL. Vt'ALK£-R.\Mtf~ trcssing cases. A trial will convince
any one — and you may have a: sample
iti n-> ai>j>etit'. *«s flizzy and sufterea" trith bottle sent free by mail.
b«adachf most of the tirfte. i ha not knew i n taking Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
tb4t my kidneys inert the cause of my -troubf*. t} ont von a fT nr H natural lirlr* to N-»
tut r.omehow felt they ralf ht b*. -and I b^gan KOOt / OU C anora natural iielR to XMa-
takinir |tu»BM^« above stated; There is ¦ ture. for Swamp-Root is the most per-
•uch a pleasant taste to Swair.p-Roet, and it feet healer and gentle aid to the kid-
soes right to the spefahd Jru'es «jf56ase out of neys that has ever been discovered.
the qstm Jt has cured me. and i cheerfully Don't make any "mistake, but remem-
¦ ¦ ber the name Swamp-Root, Dr. Kil-
mrs. a. l.' walker! mers Swamp-Root, and the address,
4C w«?st uiTiden St.. Atlanta. Ga. Binghamton, N. Y., on every bottle.
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney; Liver and Bladder
? Remedy Will do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a
Samph Battle FREE by Mail. \ •"; ¦.'¦¦
EDITORIAL NOTICE— No matter how many doctors you have
tried— no maticr how much money you may have spent on other medi-
cines, you really owe it to yourself 'and to j'our family to at least give
Swamp-Root a trial. Its strongest friends to-day are those who had
almost given up hope of ever becoming well 'again. You may have a
sample bottle of this wonderful discovery, $wigmp-Root, sent absolutely
. free by mail, also a book telling all about Swamp-Root, and contain-
ing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from men and women who otvc their good health, in fact their
very lives, to its wonderful curative, ipropertier. In writing to Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Binghamton, N. Y.. be sure to say 'that you read this generous offer
in the San Francisco Daily Call. If you ate already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can purchajierthe regular fifty-cent and
one dollar size bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weaf Good Clothes
f^Hk Made by tailors
i £^y that under-
stand their
M^5&K^?h business. Our
¦5k ' '&~S&L% P 1 a n enables
iiP * IS^** you to drcss
jpf ' /fef'^if w cll without
?&f^0iF\%$' noticing: the
'r^^M^J&t cx P en d»turc
fllfl';- $1 00
M '--»- a eeJc
\ And wear the
C\ suit meanwhile.
A. B. SMITH CO.
Up-to-Date Tailors.
128-132 Ellis Street. A bov« PtweH.
BAN yKAKCISCO.
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
Security Savings Bank
Published pursuant to an act of the Legis-
lature, approved March 23. 1S03, aod shawla*
unclaimed deposits on December 1. 1903.
Name. Residence. Amount.
Christina Cooke....San Francisco $1579 9*
, James lX>lan San Francisco....; 87 %l
C. Mitchell Grant.. San Francisco..... 50 2J
Analse Hill 18S 4H
Leonard Mazer. ... San Francisco..... ien 21
, R. H M&Koon San Francisco..... 440 69
Joha U. Prime Saa Francisco '. 8ft $5
Total .45533 8O
| jx^*"*r FRED "W.' RAT. Secretary. .
I DR.P1ERCES, I
GOIIOES
. " MEDICAL.
DISCOVERS,
K FOR THE
BLOOD.LlVER.LUtWG^
¦D"DTTCU17C FOR BARBERS,' B A-
BK U btlbb g^jo^gg^jjg.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makersv cannera.
dy«rs. flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors ate ;
B17CSAKAXT BSO3.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St,
«j^mS&zB MENANDWOMEfr.
tfjSBBftjVTlZ&^fii Ui* Big « for naa»rar«l
MBBBy la 1 *• f *»r*.\| diich»rg»i,laa»aia»atloat.
ffSHfyf OurmatMd II irritatioat or olc«r%tio*s
¦ «*¦ roi to «rlet«r«. ct Dicon mimbrtnei.
RSfrHEETMSCHEMnuCO. f rat or louoaoni.
\gjgk CISCH!UTJ.8.E^ I ¦«!< by DranliU,
-»^MBaagyy ¦ Circol^ nat oa wtBttt.
BlRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE
Catalogue and Price Lists' Mails J
on Application.
rEESH AND SAZiT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO. *$$%n c & n i^
orLs. >
LUBRICATING OILS; LJCONAKD & EXAA3.
US Front st... S. F. Phon» Main m».
wsxrsxxtQ.
LCDUeflES, wisaSTS:,.,.TOMALES, Jan. 7. — A passenger
train on the North Shore Railroad was
wrecked this afternoon at a." place
called St. Rest, between Hamlet and
Marshals. The cause of the wreck was
a broken rail. No one was hurt.
The train was in charge of Engineer
Danady, Fireman Baro and Conductor
Murray
BROKEN* HAIL WRECKS
A NORTH SHORE TRAIX
The Jury was completed at 11 o'clock j
and is composed of one real estate j
dealer, three merchants, one miller, one j
printer, two farmers, one bank clerk, |
two railroad men and a. harnessmaker. •
District Attorney Summers, in his (
opening statement, said the evidence
would show Senator Dietrich's election
as United States Senator. He recited
the details of the alleged transaction,
by which the appointment of Post
master Fisher was made. The evidence
would show, he said, that Dietrich re
quested William j Dutton to notify
Fisher that if the latter would pay
5500 for certain postomce fixtures and
turn them over to the Government and
in addition thereto .pay 5S00 In cash to
him (Dietrich) Fisher would be t ap
pointed postmaster; that Dutton so no
tified Fisher; that a conference fol
lowed between Fisher and Dietrich, ar
ranged by .Dutton, during the course
of which the terms of the appointment
were agreed upon and that Fisher had
admitted that the alleged transaction
had been closed between himself and
Senator Dietrich.
OMAHA, Jan. 7.— The trial of United
States Senator Dietrich on an indict- [
ment alleging bribery in connection j
with the appointment of a postmaster
at Hastings, Nebr., progressed rapidly j
to-day until a point was reached wher<s
the first witness for the Government
was placed on the stand, when General
Cowin. chief counsel for Senator Diet
rich, interposed a demurrer on the
ground that Dietrich had not taken
the oath and was not, therefore, a
United States Senator when the alleged
bribery* occurred.
This question was acknowledged by
counsel for both sides to be a new one
and each had prepared arguments on
the subject. The court will hand down
an opinion to-morrow morning.
JURY IS SWORN
TO TRY SENATOR
•ntire holding of bonds was deposited
under the reorganization plan would
inspire public confidence in the plan,
without rezard to the fact that Ws
holdings were mistakenly overstated.
SCHWAB'S HOLDINGS OF STOCK.
Schwab then testified as to the ex
tent of his holdings of shipbuilding
stock, and produced a list of the" men
who aided him in procuring the cash
whereby Morgan & Co. were paid for
the Bethlehem plant when it was
turned over to the shipbuilding com
pany. Counsel agreed to keep this list
from publication- Schwab said that
rie. until their tempers were apparently
strained nearly to the breaking point.
In this statement it was said that
Schwab had deposited his holdings of
SS50.000 worth of first mortgage bonds
iof the shipbuilding company under the
Sheldon agreement. Schwab admitted
that the statement was inaccurate, be
rause he did not hold that amount of
bonds, but he claimed that the inac
curacy was due to- the preparation of
the statement by Max Pam, his per
sonal counsel, and the fact that his
Schwab understood, he testified, that
before he obtained the option under
which Bethlehem was transferred to
J. P. Morgan & Co., in lS01,,a. prior op
tion had existed, expiring only a few
days before his was procured, the first
option calling for a price of 523 50 per
share and his far 524 per share.
John "vV*. Gates, the witness testified,
had assumed half of his (Schwab's)
subscription to the first mortgage bonds
of the United States Shipbuilding Com
pany, otherwise Schwab still retained
his original holdings of the shipbuild
ing bonds.
¦ Schwab wa- asked about -The state
ment given to the press in his name
immediately after this suit was begun,
jhe statement repelling the charge of
fraud, and expressing confidence in the
Sheldon reorganization plan. This
Hne of questioning developed a
heated three-cornered colloquy be
tween Schwab. Untermyer and Guth-
OPTION'S OX BETIILEIIE3f
Untermyer then turned his attention
to the Bethlehem plant and Schwab's
connection therewith, which, the wit
ness said, had existed since May. 1901.
though he was familiar with its history
since the formation of the company.
til within the last few months.
Schwab said that he bought the
Bc-thlehem property shortly after the
f ale of the^ Carnegie properties to the
Fteel corporation. He did not regard
the value paid in securities for the con
stituent plants of the steel corpora
tion as at all inflated. Against Guth
rie's advice, Schwab said that, since
the formation of the steel corporation.
he had sold a considerable amount of
Fteel securities, but an examination of
his accounts would show that most of
1 he sales were bonds, and that despite
the sale of some of the stock he be
lieved himself to be the largest owner
of steel stock.
"So far as properties with which I
am connected are concerned there has
been none, except so far as due to a
period of general prosperity."
The crest of the wavf of prosperity
in the steel industry, he said, was co
incident with the formation of the steel
« corporation, but the demand, he de
< !ared. had not fallen off materially un-
"Has there not been a period of in
flation in the steel business during the
last five years?"
You are considered the leading ex
pert in that line, are you not?" was
a?ked.
"I do not take that honor to myself,
he answered.
FALLING OFF IX DEMAND.
• NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— Charles M.
Schwab, ex/-president of the United
States Steel Corporation, took the
stand to-day, in the hearing to make
permanent the receivership over the
United States Shipbuilding Company,
to tell of his connection with the sale
of the Bethlehem Steel Company to the
shipyards concern.
. The attendance at the hearing, which
had fa5!en off during the taking of tes
tiir.ony, was greatly increased to-day,
interesting testimony being expected
from the man who arranged the sale
of the Bethlehem plant from J. P. Mor-
Ban & Co.. to whom he had transferred
It as svndicate managers, to the Unit
ed States Shipbuilding Company, the
arrangement being such. Receiver
Smith alleges, that the shipbuilding
company has been unable to control the
Bethlehem company or gain possession
of its earnings to keep the shipbuilding
company from insolvency.
Counsel Untermyer. for the complain
ant bondholders, protective Association,
immediately began the examination of
the witness. Schwab gave his age as
41 and said he had at present no occu
pation, having ceased to be president
of the United States Steel Corporation.
He had no connection, executive or ad
'Visory. with the Bethlehem Steel Com
pany* at this time, he said, though he
had "an enormous pecuniary Interest
in that company." He severed his con
nection with the management of the
company on account -of his going
abroad in 1302. His whole life, he said,
had been connected with the steel in
dustry.
Continuing his testimony, Schwab j
said he did not know whether any of i
his shipbuilding stock was registered
in his own name. A large part of it,
he said, no doubt was registered in the
name of Oliver Wrenn of his office, but |
he refused to answer when asked if, in
the case of the shipbuilding company
and other industrial enterprises, large
parts of this stock were not carried in
the name of his employes. He said
that the actual beneficial ownership,
so far as stock liability was concerned,
was his.
TOOIi OX ARMOR PLATE.
The witness said he had known
Lewis Nixon, president of the United
States Shipbuilding Company, for a
long time, socially and in a business
way. Before the shipbuilding consoli
dation his (witness') acquaintance
with this industry was slight.
•'Did you know that the Government,
when it asked the Carnegie Company
to build an armor plant, expected the
two to compete for contracts in good
faith?" Untermver asked Schwab.
"No, the Government did not,"
Schwab answered, saying that the
understanding with the Government
¦was that the two companies were to
share the work at a price understood i
by the Government before the bids
were submitted.
As bearing upon his knowledge of
steel properties in 1901 and 1902
Schwab was asked if he had not been
interested in the organization of the
American Steel Foundries' Association
and other steel properties and consoli
dations, but he declined to answer, ex
cept to say that he was not. interested,
except as an underwriter, in the foun
dries" association, and that he could
form no opinion as to whether the val
ues of steel plants were inflated at the
time.
During a series of objections over a
question about the amount of steel
stock held by Schwab, Untermyer said
.that his intention in asking this line
of questions was to show that the
prices paid for the constituent plants
of the steel corporation had a great
effect in inflating the prices asked for
other similar plants and that if it were
shown that Schwab had parted with
much of his stock it would indicate in
flation. During the colloquy Guthrie
protested against this line of inquiry
as an outrage and asked the examiner
to suspend the examination until the
matter could be certified to the court.
RESENTS COUNSEr/S QUESTION'.
Schwab declined to state the amount
of steel stocks and bonds he now held
or had sold, declaring that he did not
intend to permit such an investigation
of his private business by Untermyer.
The witness accepted Guthrie's advice
not to answer in regard to a long series
of questions along this line.
"Mr. Guthrle is my personal coun
sel in this and all other litigation," he
said.
DECTJXES TO GIVE ANSWERS.
Untermyer asked if the sale of the
steel properties to the corporation at
that time had any effect upon the
values of steel properties; but. follow
ing the advice of Guthrie, Schwab de
clined to answer that question or to
make any statement regarding alleged
inflation of the value of the Bethle
hem plant.
Schwab testified that at the time the
Bethlehem plant was in competition
with subsidiary plants of the United
States Steel Corporation in the manu
facture of armor, but in no other re
spect, the bulk of Bethlehem's business
consisting of the manufacture of armor
plate, projectiles, guns and gun forg
ings, etc.
Max Pam was on the list, but he de
clined to state whether the list in
cluded high officials of the steel cor
poration. The arrangement was, he
said, that the shipbuilding securities,
representing: the proffTin the trans
action, were to be shared an\ong e
associates proportionately to the
amount of money contributed by each
to the pool, and the allotment of the
$10,000,000 bonds had already been
made on this basis. The allotment of
stock/- he said, was never made,
having been postponed until the ex
pense of the transaction could be as
certained, and he still retained all of
the stock — 520,000.00. Schwab testi
fied that of the bonds allotted he. had
repurchased all but J495.000, being
now the owner of $9,505,000 worth of
the $10,000,000 bond issue'.
Schwab said he was not a defend
ant in the present suit, but that he
had retained counsel personally.
Ex-President of the United States Steel Corporation, Testi
fying in the^ Shipyards Trust Hearing, Refuses to An
. swer Many "interrogations of Counsel for Bondholders-
LEADING QUESTIONS ANNOY
WITNESS CHARLES SCHWAB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, .FRIDAY, JANUARY 8. 1904
3
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
OVERTAXED. ~~
Xoadreds of San Francisco Reader*
Xnow What It Means.
The kidneys are overtaxed;
Have too much to do.
They tell about it in many aches and
pair.s —
Backache, sideache, headache.
Early symptoms of kidney Ills.
Urinary troubles, diabetes. Brighfs
disease.
A San Francisco citizen tells here a
certain cure.
Mrs. Sarah T. Crozer of 237 Precita
avu.. says: "I had pain in my back and
kidneys and it clunff to me persistently
for seven months. It was more pro-
nounced than on any previous occasion
and I was at a loss to know what to do
to set relief when I read an account of
Doan's Kidney Pills being a specific for
just such symptoms as I had. The use
of the pills clearly proved that what has
been said about them is not over-esti-
mated. They stopped the backache and
proved conclusively that they are by far
the best remedy I ever used. My daugh-
ter also took a course of the treatment
and is as well pleased with -the results
obtained as I."
For sale by all dealer*. Pric* B0 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo. N". Y.. sole
agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's. and take
no substitute.
Uniform price and quality
make them easy to buy, anr 1
moneyback makes them saf<
— Schilling's Best — at you:
grocer's.
. . ADVERTISEMENTS. ' , , '• *
Maney for Mothers
--"^^^^^^i s sa^ e s^ows how carefully our stock is selected r^$£^^^s.
g|gpP|39gl when we order our workshops to make up the goods.
ti These are all new, up-to-date goods, which sold for
- rfil^^^^fe, ¦' A $ our stock has sold so well, we are wing to reduce *
the few remaining lines to what may seem impossible prices.
|^^^^^^^^^ The reductions are large, but every suit has been ffS^^^^S^^P^P
' 1^^^^^^^^^^ marked down from its original price, just as we claim. Our I-^PP«^P§
I^^^^^^H^ merchandise and methods, which are responsible for our #^^^Vp^^P^P^
II^^^^^^^^^M Here follows a description of some of 'the .reduced '^^^^^^^L
ligLv,.. <lieP^I m^ xtures ' mac *e up as pictured on the left; the sizes are only i >4^8 f*l|
\ sketched hm Life. j $4.00'and SJ.OO, but there are a few $6.00 garments among' jto^^K'^- e gllpP
\. / them; as only three sizes remain, the sale price will be . ¦ s^tcj>ettfnm ufe r "
Sailor Norfolks Ton Chat* r S , al \°f £ uits
Sizes 3, 4 and $ years. , I Op vUdlS /• ", Sizes 3, 4 and 5 years.
Sailor Norfolks made. of blue serge Sizes 3 to 13 Years Sailor suits made of blue, red,
and pretty Scotch mixtures, all richly <<--_ < -^ • . , . . r . t \ i , -V r °y aI and brown serge, handsomely
trimmed as pictured below; the only ' Top coats as pictured on the lower right hand Side, trimmed; the only remaining sizes
sizes left are 3, 4 and 5 years; the made of blue cheviots and tan coverts: the ages are from are f° r b °y s 3 > 4 and 5 y ears of a s e »
former prices were $3.50, $4.00, $5.00, 3. n VP o r e- thw rrak wprp fnrmprlv K3 sO sn'H #4 CO- tne regular selling prices of these
$6.00, $6.50; as only three sizes are . * t0 y ears > tnese coats V e - r ? tormerl y u and &*'>"> suits were $3.50, $5.00, $6.00 and
left the sale price is to sell them at once the price IS now . $6.50; the sale price will be
iplllll^ Children s Overcoats
' ne erse y overcoats for little children, in sizes 2 l A to 1^11^
\ fa i^J&SWr pj years; these little coats come in red, blue, royal and brown;
V*JI \5l glr eac h elegantly trimmed and splendidly tailored; you must MS^^i^f!^^^^^
s^^^S^- :^Sl^im see t nem t° really appreciate their unusual value: the former ii^Kl^^^S??liSJ^a
IJ Boys' Wool Sweaters .50c. /^ ;^'?^^^m
I I, ! Before the holidays many stores' asked a dollar, for this
J "^S^^MI^^^^ N° very same sweat ? r - ie s ' zes are somewhat broken, but / '"^^^pH^^^^P
j B^oi^P^ \\j we can fit any boy from 9 to 16 years: the shades are: black
*'*; * anc * oran £ e > navv anc * rec *> oxford and red, maroon and white. fPBi IB Ha
"' illiiiF i Babies' sweaters which were focmerly 75c will be sold W^B l§illlL
for 50c. The colors are navy and red, garnet and white, lll^*
IBr liiif s ' tenn ' s fl anne ' waists and blouses in light, medium Wm Ilia
JSJBS&SR'' ~' Skftcn^d tro/n Lifp ¦ " . Ciolf fiO^ in flll f OlOl*^ It 200 SAtfchfd frxsljf't. i£8QP»v-*In 'Jiis brief Philbrook accuses Sec
retary White of more than twenty dif
ierent crimes. .It is alleged that - E.
W.'Newhall. president of the society,'
• and Judge Coffey were principals with
the secretary in the commission of the
alleged 'breaches of the law. The at
torney enlivens his brief with copious
quotations from Macaulay's "Virginia,"
from which he draws parallels with
the case at bar. It remains to be seen
what Messrs. Newhall and White and
Judge Coffey will say about It
of Violent Attack.
Horace Philbrook. the, attorney who
achieved a considerable amount of no
toriety through -being 'disbarred from
; practicfe by the Supreme Court for at
tacking: one of the Justices in a brief,
has again shown that he possesses a
vitriolic vocabulary, this time in a pe
tition for a writ j>'f habeas corpus filed
with the. clerk of the State's highest
tribunal yesterday. Philbrook is act-
Ing: in behalf of Irene Wadleigrh, whose
J children were taken from her by offi
cers of the Society for the Prevention
! of Cruelty to Children.
The petition was granted by the court
and the case will be heard next Mon
day morning:. .
Charitable Society's Officers and Sn
perlor Judge Coffey Arc Subjects
PHILBROOK PUTS HIS
HAMMER TO WORK AGAIN
GUADALAJARA, Mexico. Jan. 7.—
Violent eruptions of Mount Colima
volcano have caused the inhabitants
of the country immediately adjacent
.to the mountain to become alarmed.
Many of the people have left their
homes and sought safety from the
ash*»s and lava.
The most interesting feature of the
eruptions is the earthquake shocks
which are felt in the region of the
volcano. These seismic disturbances
are of unusual severity, but no serious
damage has been reported.
MOUXT qOLJ>IA VOIXTAXO
IS VIOLENTLY ACTIVE
j The Secretary of War and the Sec
retary, of the Navy are directed to en
force the provisions of the act. • which
is to take effect. one month after pas
sage. ,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— The Senate
Committee on Commerce to-day favor
ably, reported a bill which provides:
That 'Vessels of the • United States and no
others shall be employed In the transportation
by sea of coal, provisions, fodder or supplies
of any description purchased pursuant to law
for the use of the army and navy; but this
action shall not bo . construed to prohibit the
transportation of Mich articles by any vessel
owned by any department ot the Government.
The President of tho United States may from
time to time suspend. In whole or In part, the
above tectlon whenever. In the interest of na
tional defense, . such suspension may seem to
him desirable or for the protection of the Gov
ernment. ' . "
Provides That Snpplies for the Army
; and Navy Are to Be Carried by |
* American Vessels.
TRANSPORTATION BILL
IS FAVORABLY REPORTED
J. Levy (owner) with A. Olson (contractor),
architects H. 'Oellfuss & Son — All. work exoept
plumbing', grasfittlng' and sewerage for a three
etory frame building on S line of Sutter street.
110 W ot BroderJck, W 17:6 by 8 137:6; JR400.
Same owner with J. M. Boscus and P. J.
Bcscub (contractors), architect same—Plumb
in?, gasflttlng. and sewerage for same, on same;
$10C5. '•¦¦ ' .
Theresa C. Horn (owner) with Alfred Olson
(contractor), architect none — All -work for a
two-story- and basement frame building on Fi
line of "Alpine street.*219 N of Fourteenth, ' N
25 bv— 91: $4250. V ,
- Martin » Sanders * (owner) with O. A; Craemer
(contractor), architect William Koenlg — All
work-: for two two-story ' frame buildings on , W
line of Castro Street, 30 N of Nineteenth, N
44:11 by. W. 80:6;. $«5Q0.
Louis and Sarah Getz to Solomon , Getz, un
divided half of following: Lot on N line of
L street. 32:6 E of Twenty-third. E 60 by N
100; also lot on W line of Twenty-second ave
nue '225 S of K street. S 75 by W 120; also
lot on W line of Twenty-second avenue. 150 S
of K street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Builders' Contracts. k
on N line of O'Farrell street. 68:9 E of Leaven
worth. E 34:4% by N 137:6; $10. - •
Leonle and Welllng-tcn Gregg Jr. to Robert A.
*Carrie S D? e Rodofph io John W. Dutton. lot on
E. llne.Qf California street,. 77:6 E of Hyde.
N 137:6 by E 60; also lot on E line of Hyde
street, 80 N of California, N 32:8 by E «i:8;
Ferdinand E. Hesthal to Eva Peyser,, lot on
NW lino of Clementina street. 230 SW ot
Fourth. SW 22:0 by NW 80; $10. • _
Mary Purcellto Eva E. Perkins, lot on NE
line of Harriet street, 125 SE of Bryant, SE 23
by NE 76; ?10. . , „
Val and Annie Melnberger to Isidore Fen-,
Fter, lot on E line of Ninth avenue. 125 N ot
California street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Hans H. and Jacoblne Larsen to Aaron Le
vlne. lot on W line of Second avenue. 100 S
of California street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Fred W and May E. Bridge to Catherine
F. Hill, lot on E line of .Third avenue. 100 S
of Point Loboa avenue. S 60 by E 120; ?10. .
Ettllnser Company (corporation) to Alnta
Land Company, lot on SW corner of A street
and Thirty-sixth avenue. W 171:10, SW Ii5:i,
E 120 SW 60 E 160. N- 225; also lot on W
line of avenue. 182 N of L. street.
N 100 by W 120: ?1Q. . ¦ '
J Frank and Marea Walters to James W.
Bird lot on NW corner pf Forty-first avenue
and I street, W 32:6 by N 100; $10.
Louts and Rose Llpman to Sophie V. Cull,
lot on S line of I street. E of Twenty-first. E
65 by S 100; $10. •
Sophie V Cull to Rachael V. Bateman. un
divided third Interest in lot- on S line of H
street. 85 E of Twenty-first, E 55 by S 100;
$10. .••-.. . ¦ ¦-.¦
Henry B. Pasmore to May S. • Pasmore, lot
on E line of Forty-ninth avenue. 144:8 S of
J street. S.43 by E 120; $10.. "!
OAKLAND, aan. 7. — Matchmaker
Bishop of the Sequoia Athletic Club
has signed Harry Foley and Billy
Woods for a fifteen-round contest, to
take place in Dietz Opera-house on the
evening of the 26th inst. .The. men will
meet at catch weights*, and. will box
under straight Marquis of Queens
berry rules. The purse will be divided,
60 and 40. per cent.
Harry Foley to Fight Woods
The fourth and fifth sessions of the
Midwinter Congress of the Salvation
I Army workers was held yesterday at
the Central Methodist Church. The
; morning services were opened by
i Ensign Stinehoff. A large attendance
of people interested in the work of
the army filled the rooms.
Ensign Matthis delivered an inter
esting talk on "How to Lead a Sal
vation Army Meeting." and Mrs. En
sign Bamberry told of the art of Sal
vation Army bookkeeping. Both talks
were well received. Talks on the "Ju
1 nior War" by Mrs. Adjutant McKen-
I zie and "The War Cry" by Adjutant
McKenzie were given at the closing of
the morning session.
During the intermission between
the morning and afternoon sessions
the officers of the organization were
given a dinner. The afternoon ser
vices began at 2:30 o'clock with de
votional exercises, led by Ensign Bur
gess. .Adjutant Hawkes delivered an
address on "Soul Saving." Major
Fynn spoke on "The Y. P. L.," and
"Soldier Making and Keeping" was
given by Mrs. Major ConnetL, The af
ternoon services werV closed with
an able address by Colonel French
Last night at 7:30 there was a
grand parade of the army forces from
j Congress Hall. The army marched
to Lyric Hall, where a brilliant dem
onstration was held. The last on the
programme for the day was a meet-
I In* of the staff council. To-day
j closes the sess'on of the congress.
Salvation Army Workers of California
Hold Fourth and Fifth Sessions of
Their Convention.
.MIDWINTER CONGRESS
IS NEARING A CLOSE
rype Founders Declare Off Strike.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 7.— S. M.
Wetherly, treasurer of the Keystone
Type Foun'dry, announced to-night
that the strike begun in October by
union type founders throughout the
United States has been % declared oft
by officers of the union,* and that the
men had been Instructed" to return to
work at the best terms they could ob
tain. The strike was for unionizing
the shops, the question of, wages not
being raised.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— E. H. Harri-.
man was to-day elected president of
the Union Pacific Railway Company.
There is reason to believe that Mr.
Harriman's acceptance of the presi
dency is only temporary. Meetings of
the various Harrtmari syndicate roads
were also held to-day, but they were
said to be of a routine and unimportant
nature.
OMAHA, Jan. 7.— President Burt of
the Union Pacific "Railway to-night re
ceived notice of the election of E. H.
Harriman to succeed him and said that
the change would take effect January.
15. No other changes, it was said,
would at present be made among other
officers, and the matter of appointing
a general manager or vice president
to have active control of the road has"
not been acted upon.
Ills Acceptance of Successorship to
Burt Is Believed to Be Only
Temporary.
HARREMAX PRESIDENT
OF THE UNION PACIFIC
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Jan. 7.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Emanuel Grant.
80. Berkeley, and Maria Hare, 60.
Oakland; James O'Reilly. 29, and
Louise Coleson, 31. both of San Fran
cisco; Stanley S. Purdy, 34. Bakers
field, and Jessie B. Harrell. 24. Oak
land: Henry Waring. 33, and Frances
Welfltt, 26, both of San Francisco.
HAVKRH1LU Mass.. Jan. 7.— John A.
Gllne*. City Treasurer, wm arrested to-dar.
charged with larceny of $43,000 of th« city's
funds.
The Supervisors'". Street Committee
yesterday: postponedaction ori its per
mit to maintain a spur track, already
constructed on Illinois street, con-,
necting with the main track, of 'the
•Santk»J:e Railw>3^ J syitem. : i".a'iie v , Board ;
of Works was requested to prepare a
map *6f -the*, land situate' on Illinois
street in order to determine the lines
of the property of the Union Oil Com-'
pany. • . ,
• The petition of Herbert E.* Law- for
permission to lay conduits ori Mission
and Annie streets was referred to the
Board of Works for investigation and
report.
. THe committee reported in favor of
the construction of,Ja bituminous rock
pavement on Clerrient street, between
First and Tenth avenuas, also for the
doing of street work in various parts
of the city." '
' The committee reported in favor of
accepting deeds for land repuired for
the. opening of Tremont avenue and
also of the omcial renumbering of the
blocks north of Lake street- arid west
of First avenue.
' .The application of the Western Pa
cific Railway Company for a fran
chise over Sixteenth and other streets
went over for one week.
Supervisors' Street Committee R'cfers
Petitidn of Union Oil Company
to Board of Works.
Organist Eaton promises to-give the
communion scene from "Parsifal"
next month, and as he -was the first to
introduce the work almost in Its en
tirety in America ten years ago, It
will no doubt arouse a good deal of
Interest.
Josef Rheinberger's suite for organ,
violin and 'cello will live in the mem
ory of thos? who had the good for
tune to hear the work' as given by
Eaton, Zech and Von der Mehden.
The profoundly beautiful and lofty
compositions were well in accord with
the church surroundings. At the close
of the programme Eaton was deluged
with congratulations upon the effect
given the works both by himself and
associates.
Mis3 Flynn sang, "O, Grant Me in
the Dust to Fall," from Dvorak's
oratorio, 'St. Ludmila.'.' Miss Flynn's
voice being in splendid tone, the num
ber was given in all its remarkable
sweetness.
The recital was under the auspices
of the San Francisco Musical Club
and bearan with Charles Marie
Widor's symphonie. No. 5 (1) allegro
vivace, (£) allegro cantabile, (3) an
dantino quasi allegretto, (4) adagio,
(5) allegro (toccata).
Eaton's execution was masterly.
He gave the great work with deli
cacy and a perfect appreciation of
its worth. Each movement was finely
interpreted. The exquisite symphonie
should be heard again under the same
auspices and with, the same artistic
treatment assured.
Trinity Church. Goujrh and Bush
streets, was crowded yesterday rporn
ins as early as 10 o'clock, half an
hour before the announced time, for
the or^an recital by Louis H. Eaton.
The church looked handsome in its
Cnristmas decoration, and when or
ganist, violinist and 'cellist took their
places in the mellow lighted chancel
the scene gave the impression of a
noted cicture by one of the old mas
ters.
Those assisting Eaton were - Miss
Millie Flynn, soprano: William F.
Zech. violin, and J. Louis von der
Menden, 'cello.
Louis II. Eaton Interprets Master
pieces Under Direction of San
Francisco Musical Club.
WANTS . TIME • EXTENDED ON
SPUR TRACK MAINTENANCE
W. P. Buckingham of 110 Geary
street was cut on the face and his
head was bruised, and J. Barnn Jr.,
living at 714 Valencia street, sus
tained a badly sprained back. \
Mrs. Beers is the widow of the late
Rev. H. W. Beers, who, before his
death, was rector of Trinity Church.
Her medical attendant was called in
immediately upon her arrival at her
home arid found Mrs. Beers suffering
from severe shock, as well as the in
jury to her head. . . ¦ > :
Three persons were injured while
riding on car 43 of the Sutter-street
line yesterday afternoon. As the car
reached the intersection of Polk and
Sutter streets the gripman failed to
let %o his grip. Through the sudden
stop Mrs. Sarah Beers of 2939" Fill
more, street was thrown violently
against the side of the car. Her Jeft
temple was' cut and her face badly
bruised. /— ¦> '
Mrs. Sarah Beers Badly Cut on Tem
ple and Sutlers Severe Nervous
Shock.
THREE PERSON'S • INJURED
OX SUTTER-STREET CAR
GREAT ASSEMBLAGE HEARS
BRILLIANT ORGAN' RECITAL
ST. LOUIS, Jan. '7. — Apparently
conscience-stricken and his mind
aflame with religious ardor, William
Wilson, aged 32', a Salvation Army
recruit, walked, into police headquar
ters to-day and confessed that on July
5, 1901, he had set fire to the Occiden
tal Hotel In Forsythe, Rosebud Coun
ty, Montana, which resulted in the
death of one man and injury to
twenty. . " . ¦ .* < ~-
Wilson declared that another man
is in the penitentiary serving a sen
tence for the deed and that it is to
ease his own conscience and give this
man his freedom that he has surren
dered. Wilson said that he did not
fire the hotel intentionally, but that
he accidental dropped a burning
match in the hallway and when he
saw the flames spring up he ran off
instead of raising an alarm. He fled
straight to St. Louis and later learned
that another man had been sentenced
to the penitentiary on circumstantial
evidence. Recently, while attending a
Salvation Army meeting Wilson broke
down and confessed to an army cap
tain. '.;¦¦-¦''¦ ¦
Confesses That, He Set Fire to a Hotel
nnd/TIiat an Innocent Man Was
- Convicted of the Crime.
SALVATION AKMY RECRUIT
SURRENDERS TO THE POLICE
Adeline Center to Walter F. Axford. lot on
\V line of Folsom street. 280 N of Twenty
first. N 25 by W 122:6; $10. •
Madeline Booth to Ella X. Booth, lot on N
line ot Nineteenth street. 97:6 W of Capp,
W 25 by N 00: $10.
Ella N.' Booth to Madeline Booth, lot on N
lln« of Nineteenth street, 72:6 W of . Capp, W
25 by N 60; $10.
Llna Schulze to Adolph Schulze, lot on W
line of Howard street. 260 N of Twenty-third,
N 25 by W 122:0; tift.
Amy, John. Michael. Edward and Jame»
Landers and Kate Hendricks (Landers) to John
Walton lot on K line of Mission street, 80 N of
Twenty- third. N 50 by E 122:8; $10.
• Johac E. and Alma S.< Bergstrom to John
Ludwlg, lot on NW line of Jersey street* 76 W
of Church, W-26 by N80; $10. : =
Hlbcrnia Savings and Loan Society to Oscar
Hcyman, lot on S line of Day street; 78 :ft E of
Noe, E 26:3 by S 101:6; $500.
Oscar Hcyman to Bertha Neville, lot ori 8
line of Day street. 78:9 E of Noe, E 26:3 by S
101 :6; $10. ». - t,-
Peter Ward and Sarah Aliern (wife'of Den
nis) to Bernard J. Ward, undivided . two-thirds
of lot on S line of Union street, 114 "W of San-
Bome. W 22:11 by S 68 .-9; $10.. ,
Ernest Brand to Wellington Greg? Jr., lot
Stephen A. and Mary L. Born to Frances T.
Hunt, lot on.W line of Masonic avenue, 102:0
S of Halght street. S 30 by W 100; $10.
Estate of Celia A. Smith (by W. T. Hess,
executor) to Harry H. Co»rrifr, lot on S line
of Clay street, 192:7 W ot Polk. W 3i:iU, by
S 127 :8U: $8500. . '.
Harry H. CosgTiff to Henry T. Scott same
$ro. .
Robert F.. -Francis H. and Joseph H. Kane
to Emilia M. and Kulalia I. Kane. lot on SK
corner of Eddy street and Van Ness avenue,
E 123 by S 118:6; also all Interest In estate
of Isabella M. Kane. No. 20,118; $10.
Isaac Ardewon to Wallace B. Plumb, lot
on S line of Waller street, 1G6:3 W of Web
ster, W 25 by S 80: $10.
Frank P. Hooper to John J. Spleker,' lot on
SE corner of Devlsadero and California streets
E 25 by S 110: $10.
Mary and Henry Wolt*ohn (by G;. H. Umb
sen, commissioner) to Pacific Loan Association,
lot on. 8 line fit Pine street, 118:0 W of Baker,
W 25 by S 137:6; $3530.
William W. and Hannah McGowan to John
B. and Mary FrceJL lot on N line of Frederick
street. 75 E of Cole. E 25 by N 110J $10.
George and Kate Ryan to H. P. Loustaunau,
coramiJiJclng at dividing line of lots 218 and 21'J,
Prcclta Valley, distant 230 SB of Peralta ave
nue and 12."> SW ot Ryan avenue, SE 25 by NE
40, lot 1, George Ryan's subdivision of Precita
Valley lots 219 and 223; {10.
• Mark L. Mltrovlch to Mabel A. Syken, lot on
SE corner cf Seventeenth and Point Lobos ave-'
nur-f; gift. ¦ •• .
Joseph H. KlnBOt, Ellen M., William. Joseph
R. Eben J., Sarah and Ruth- Higby and Nel
lie' Willis (Higby) to Hollister Land Company
(a corpoiatlon), lot on SW line of Sixth avenue,
225 NW of A street, NW ,150 by SW 100, lota
4 and* 5, block 111; also lot on W corner of
Eighth' avenue and B street, NW 150 by SW
100, lots 1 and 2, block 155; also property out
of county; $1.
Lstate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie
P Farnsworth, executrix) to Henry and Maria,
Koenler. S V, of lot Xi and rs ft ot lot moc*
D, Sunset Heights; $1175.
Same to same, S ',2 of lot 24, block D, Sunset
Heights; $000.
Fannie P. Farnsworth to same, S *i ot lot
23 and N Vi of lot 24, block D, Sunset
Heights; $1.
Same to same, S Hi of lot 24, block D, Sunset
Heights; $1. '
Mary T. Stempel (wife of Edward) to Ed
ward Stempel, lot on E line ol Steiner street,
1W N of sjacramento, X 25 by E 118 :»; »1.
Frank Johnson to Engelbert Kink, lot on SE
corner of Post and Baiter streets, E 137 by
137 :«; J10* .. „
Harry C. and Elsie M.\ Jensen to Leo O.
Rodgens, lot on SE -corner . of Haisht street
and Masonic avenue. E S7w« by 8 2i>; $10.
Charles E. Grw?n to C. E. • Hayes,' undi
vided one-quarter of lot on SE line of Colton
street, 50Mi NE of Brady, NE 28:6 by SK
C.*B Hayes to Thomafi R. Hayes, same; $10/
Thomas R. and Mary E. Hayes to C. E.
Green, same, quitclaim deed; flo.
James E. Bell and A. Dalton Harrison to
J.imes O'Neill, lot on BW line of Ninth street,
150 NW of Bryant. NW* 25 by SW 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to John
F. Sims lot on SE corner of Twenty-first and
Hcward' streets, S 97. E 122:0, S 28. E 122:$
N 125 W 245- aJso lot on W line of Shot well
street, €5 N of Twenty-second. N «0 by- W
122 -C- $100.
Amelia D. Skelly et al.- to" Amelia Brown,
Rosalia Muhon, Josephine McQulnn and, Char
lottt Caler (wife- of F. E.), lot on W line of Do
lores street. 89:6% N of Sixteenth, SW 150, N
41. E 150, S 39:loy 3 ; $10. -., w
Charlotte Caler. Amelia Brown. Rosalia Mi
hon and Josephine McQulnn to Hsutle B, Sib
ley, came- $100. ¦ •" \ ;- - J
Sarah Wilson to Agnes B. Cleary Mabel
Boutck and W. L. Wilson, undivided >4 of lot
on S l'ne of Twentieth street. 105 B of San
chez, E 25 by S 114; gift." £ •- . :
Frederick W. and Marie O. Buhman to Mary
C. McKeever. lot on S line of Twenty-first
street. 75 E of Bryant. E 25 by S 85; $10 '
William R. Bunting to Annie E. Bunting,
lot on E line of Capp street, 173:4 S of Twenty
flfth. S 21:8 by E 115; also lot 731. Gift Map
3- al«o lot on SW line of Sixteenth avenue. 12a
NW of Q street, NW 25 by SW 200. lots 6 and
43, block 334. Haley Tract; gilt.
Thomas Ann C, Samuel. R. and Maria L.
Dolliver to Edwin L. Hlteman) and Rena D.
Gruber lot on W line- of Eureka street, 110
N of Eighteenth. N 37 by W 125; $10. '_
William F. Whittier to Samuel A. Boy d, lot
on W line of Battery street. 51:8 S of Paclnc.
s 40-9'l W t>5:2%. N 41:«, E 95:0^; $10.
Butler B. Minor to C. Augusta Hooper re
\ecord 710 D. 563. NW corner BO-vara lot 655
thence along E line ol Taylor street, S 4 by
K Iua 7 E: Petennan to Frederick J. Hund, lot
on E line of Tehama street, 38< :6 NE of
Fourth, NE 25 by SE 80; $10.
Annie and Charles *A Handegren 1o R Mc-
Cann (trustee estate of Catherine McCann). lot
on SE line of Brannan street, 200 SW of
Fourth, SW 50 by SE 120; $10.
Bridget Nolan to Mary McShcehy, lot on NE
line of Langton street. 130 NW of Folsom —
•>5 NP 80 «E 25, SW 80; qujtclalm deed; $— .
Antolne and Grade Borel to Edward Hark
ness, lot en W line of Thirtieth street, 100 N
or Point Lobos avenue, N 75 by W 120; $10.
Minnie J. Flaherty to Isaac Llebes. lot on
SW corner of Fourteenth avenue and C street,
S 100 by W27:6; $10. " "
Frank and Mary Roccatagiiata to Jo«e M. A.
Jimlnez, lot on E line of Fifth avenue, 400 S of
Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Estate of Meryl Frank (minor) by Samuel
Bloom, guardian, to Lola Frank, undivided
che-elghth ot t olio wine: Lot On N line of
Golden Gate avenue, ?U W of Larkin. street,
\f JM:9 by N 137 :«; also lot on W line pi Lar-r
kin street, SO N of Golden Gate avenue, N 40 by
W TO; also lot on W line' of Larkin street, VZ6
N of Golden Gate avenue, N \'i :C by W 70; also
lot on N line of Oeai'y street/ 137:0 W of
Franklin, W a7:ti by N 1.17:0; JOUCW.
Isaac Levingston to Howard Trumbo, lot
on SE corner of Sutter and Octavia streets, E
'1:5 by S 110; $10.
Ida E. and John T. Clark to Mary M. Car
reras, lot on- S line of Green street', 142 :(5 E of
Webster, E 25 by S 1^7:«; $10.
William A. and Mary E. Tracy to John E.
Fltzpatrick, lot on S line of Fell street, 189 :«J
E of Webster. E 30:6 by S 120; $10.
James T. Donahue to Patrick and Cather
ine Degan, lot on E line of Broderick street,
l«) N of Sacramento, N 27:8U by E 110; $10.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Photographers' Union No. 11.038 — President
George Smith; vice president, J. D Mendoza'
financial secretary. T. C. Hect; ' secretary
treasurer, lira. Garthorn; delegate to Labor
Council, Mr. Eradley; Inside guide, J. Munday
outside guide, C. T. Erklson.
Canmakcrs' Union No. 249 — President, G.
Savage; vice president. F. Beall; recording
secretary. Edward Cook: financial secretary,
T. Haley; correspondins secretary. Gus Rahe;
treasurer. Robert F. Dugran; business agent.
Joseph Shillaber; warden. D. Martinez. The
union has pent to the proprietors a new wage
scale to become operative next Monday. •
Cracker Bakers" Union — President, T. D.
Polklnghorn; vice president, J. Robinson;
financial secretary, William Gelnbel; record
ing and corresponding- secretary. Freeman Hoy:
lAbel secretary, Henry Lewis; treasurer, Fred
Uarbrack; serceant-at-arms, Frank Lesser:
trustees — .T. Steele. John Edwards and Fred
Tyrell; executive committee — J. C. Rocker, J.
Robertson. P. McGowan, J. Niglis. L. Cappola,
T. D. Polktnghorn and J. Robinson; delegates
to 1-abor Council, Allied Provision Trades
Council and the Joint executive board — Ed
Stelzner and T. D. Polklnghorn. William
Kegan was elected organizer of the seventh
district by the International . Union, which
cover* the greater portion of thlg coast. ' •
Soda and Mineral Water Wacon Drivers'
Union No. ¦ 546 — President, R. E. Franklin;
vice president, W. -Davis; secretary -treasurer.
Charles F. Moller; recording secretary, t.- C.
Meishon; trustees — S. Meyer and F. Bison.
Officers have been installed as fol
lows:
Metal Workers' Union No. 1— President.
J. Lownle; vice president, Julius Wolff; financial
eecrrtarj-; \VMlam- Otis; corresponding secre
tary, M. R. Her; treasurer, Thomas Carson;
conductor. Frank Kelly; warden. Edward Nich
ols; trustee. Henry Lay; business agent. Eu-
Sfiw Clancy; delegates to ' Building Trades
Council, John Hoffman, Julius Wolff, James
l^ownle, Edward Nichols, J. Ralph, J. Des Co
miers; delegates to convention of State Building
Trades, Jui;u» Wolff.
The meeting of Branch No. 7, Ju
niors, on last Monday was well at
tended. Brothers W. Flynn, Joseph
Lyons, Oscar Hoberg,' T. Brog'an and
A. Hooper were appointed a committee
to arrange for a high Jinks to be given
in the near future. The following were
elected officers of Branch No. 7 for the
ensuing term: Chairman, W. Dunning;
vice chairman, W. Flynn; guide, John
Curran; guardian, C. Schafer; sergeant
at arms, A. Wilson.
The prize masquerade ball of the
Journeymen Butchers to be held at Sar
atoga Hall, 840 Geary street, on Satur
day, January 16, promises to be a great
affair. Fifty dollars in cash prizes will
be given away. A large amount of
tickets have been sold in advance and
a larse attendance is expected. The
following members of the union have
been appointed on the ball committee:
Frank Krauer, chairman; Louis Noo
r.an, Charles Weisheimer and James
Howard.
Officers of unions have been elected
as follows:
At the last meeting of Butchers'
Union No. 115 $50 was voted to the
striking slaughter-house butchers at
Los Angeles, 520 to the striking Cloak
makers* Union And $10 to the Western
Federation of Miners.
Fred Wiegner was fined $5 for work
ing on Christmas, 'two others are on
trial now for a similar offense.
The secretaries have been Instructed
not to receive any monthly dues of any
members who owe any fines until all
such fines have been paid. .
Members who owe more than two
months' dues will hereafter not be al
lowed a seat in any of the regular or
special meetings.
Rollcall of members will be done
away with from the first of February
on, and another system will be adopted
whereby members who fail to attend
the regular meetings of the branches
at least once a month can be noted.
' . SALT LAKE, JariT 7.— One hundred
street car men; infuriated by the mur
der of Motorman John Gleason and
the mortal wounding of Conductor
Thomas B. Brighton by a lone masked
highwayman early this morn_ing, made
an ineffectual attempt ttf-night to
storm the city jail and lynch John
Shockleigh,^ who wasarrested during
thes afternoon on information fur
nished by his roommate, Bert Pro
thero. Prothero toKL the police that
Shockleigh had, confessed to the mur
der upon his return home early this
morning. Shockleigh , ! denied all
knowledge of, the crime when arrest
ed, but was unable to give a satisfac
tory explanation of his whereabouts
at; the time the murder was commit
ted. ' .
Conductor Brighton died at the hos
pital- to-night.
. The news that the highwayman had
been captured spread with startling ra- v
pidity throughout the city and within
half an hour fully 100 persons, mostly
fellow employes fit the murdered men,
had gathered In front of the- jail, cry
ing loudly for the prisoner. The- action
of the crowd became so threatening
that every available patrolman and
deputy sheriff was held at the station
to protect the prisoner in case an at;
tempt was made to storm the jail.
Shortly before 6 o'clock a number of
the men forced their way into the jail
yard from the rear and were prepar
ing to batter down the door,- when they
were discovered" by the officers and
driven away.
"We. want that man!" yelled the
crowd. "He belongs tcr us and we are
going to have. 'him!" .:
As the crowd showed no inclination
to disperse, the police resoried to
strategy. They sounded an alarm of
fire from the engine-house next door
and during the temporary absence of
the crowd Shockleigh was hustled into
a closed carriage* and quickly driven
to the State prison, a few miles away,
where he was safe from all mob vio
lence.
When the crowd returned they were
informed that the prisoner had been
taken to the penitentiary and, to satis
fy them on that point, a committee of
carmen was allowed to go through
the building. After fhis the crowd dis
persed. • ¦ '-.
Engineer Raridan of the freight
train, which collided -with the passed
ger, testified that Benjamin had told
him immediately after the accident
that he had no orders to meet the
freight. Raridan also reported a con
versation he had with Conductor
Nagle in the hospital. Nagle said to
him: _
"Engineer Benjamin may as well
come . here and own up to the truth.
His action in disregarding the orders
caused the wreck."
TOPEKA, Kan., Jan. 7. — An official
investigation of the Rock Island
wreck at Willard was started here
this afternoon by Coroner Sllver
thorne.' Testimony was taken which
showed the . eastbound freight train
had orders to pass the passenger
train at Willard. No inquiry as to the
responsibility of the passenger crew
was made, on account of ""the inability
of Engineer Benjamin and Conductor
Nagle to be present. The engineer Is
suffering .from nervous prostration at
his home in Kansas City and the con
ductor is In a hospital here. As soon
as these witnesses can be present, the
inquiry will be resumed. .
It is announced that whoever is re
sponsible for the wreck will be held
on a charge of manslaughter.
It was announced at the Inquest to
day that the "train dispatchers in this
city learned that one train had left
Mapie Hill arid the- other had left
Willard.' knowing that no human
power couni prevent a. collision, they
immediately ordered out the wreck
ers. They also notified the Maple Hill
doctors to get ready for service. The
doctors received this notice eight
minutes before , the \ereck occurred
and reached the scene of the acci
dent thirty minutes later. Dr. Silver
thorne, the Coroner, is a surgeon and
operates a hospital at McFarland for
the Rock Island road.
' McQuillan did justice to the drink
nr.d came up smiling for another.
T5ut s'ar! that smile was his last. He
no sooner finished smacking- his lips
than he reeled over and fell to the
floor with a heavy thud. The barten
der hastily picked him up and set him
in a chnir. thinking thaf his customer
had merely fallen in a drunken fit.
But The man could not be roused,
so the bartender, becoming alarmed,
informed a policeman. By this time
Tho body of McQuillan had become
¦Heri<1 : n d^rirh. It was removed to the
Morcae, where an autopsy will be
held. „•
It seemed to strike the .mariner as
being about the proper thing to fol
low the whisky, and he disposed of
the red fluid without much ceremony.
He was still willing to continue, and
the bartender was willing that he
should, find forthwith handed out an
other schooner of the red stuff.
This disappeared even faster than
the first, and so the bartender filled
up another glass and prepared to mix
something else for the sailor as soon
as the third schooner of the evi
dently pleasing beverage had gone the
route of the other two.
This the famished sailor absorbed
in a trice, an£ a smile overspread
his countenance as he thought of the
other drinks that were coming. The
bartender lived ur> to his agreement,
and when the whisky was all gone
handed the sailor a big schooner of
claret.
McQuillan entered the place late
last night and made a talk to the bar
render to the effect that a thirst had
< apUvated him and that, a drink
would be a godsend. The bartender
then did what most bartenders would
not do. He informed the .man in
front of the counter the he was wel
come to all that he could drink and
commented by handing the thirsty
man a pint of whisky.
Just because he partook of the gen
erosity of a wuter-front bartender
Darney McQuillan • fell dead after
drinking a pint of whisky and three
schooners of claret late last night. The
tragedy took place in the Progreso
saloon, at 28 East street, and when
the sailor fell lifeless to the floor the
bartender closed up his place of
business.
After being brought to Berkeley the
specimen was permitte'd to lie In the
university museum for a year or more,
there being no instruments sufficiently
delicate to chisel out the remains with
out injury. A high-power dental en
gine was recently received, however,
and the work was carried on until the
whole form of the animal was exposed.
Professor Merriam says the remains
represent not only a new species, a new
family and a new genus, but a new or
der, a statement the importance of
which will be appreciated by scientists
as a very considerable one. He believes
that it will also be valuable in assist
ing scientists in other parts of the
world to clear up some mysteries that
now prevail in palaeontological science,
particularly In regard to a number of
specimens now- In museums that they
are unable to classify and which may
be found to belong to this newly dis
covered group. •
The animal appears to have been of
a family entirely unknown to palaeon
tologists, and has been named the Tha
lattosaurus. It Is a huge sea lizard
and is estimated to have been at least
seven feet long. Originally It was a
shore form, but became after a long
period a marine animal.
The specimen was found in the
Shasta limestone pits not 100 feet from
the spot where the Shastasaurus, the
most perfect of its kind in the world,
was discovered two years ago by the
university scientists. It Is supposed to
have been derived from the same group
of ancestors as the ichthyosaurus. It
differs in a number of ways, however,
from the genus ichthyosaurus, but
more especially in the structure of the
teeth and the roof of the. mouth.
The Shasta fossil beds, those lime
stone areas in Shasta County that have
been so prolific In the production of the
remains of prehistoric extinct animals,
tiave yielded still another specimen new
to the scientific" world and the zoological
kingdom. It was discovered by John
C. Merriam, professor of palaentology
at the University of California, who
has just announced it after two years
of labor, having kept it a secret until
he was. certain of his premises.
Berkeley Office San Franciscd Call.
214S Center Street, Jan. ".
The party was on its way in from the
park and .did not observe the approach
of the car as It neared Golden Gate
avenue. The* car did hot slow up and
• before the chauffeur couid stop, or re
verse the car hit the automobile.
"Lowe jumped and' rolled under the
¦wheels, but fortunately rolled away
again just in time to prevent his legs
from being severed. : Judge Mogan was
i bruised and scratched. When Lowe
! was picked up it was discovered that
he was suffering from a fracture of the
left arm. He was treated by Dr.
Fraser and then removed to St. Mary's
Hospital. . .•
A collision that might have proved
fatal was narrowly averted last night
at Fillmore street and Golden Gate
avenue, when a northbound Fillmore
street car ran into an automobile, in
which were seated Police Judge Mo
gap, William Lowe, Michael Scanlan
and Hugh Robertson, the chauffeur.
Lowe jumped from the vehicle and
was hit on the- arm by a stanchion of
the car, which broke the member.
Judge Mogan was badly bruised and
the rest of the party escaped injury.
The- Judge jumped out on the side of
the automobile opposite the car.
After the death of Professor Pajret
hfs widow addressed a letter to the
Board of Regents in which s«he ex
pressed her desire to give to the unl-'
ver3ity her husband's library. In order
to make sure that the university would
get the library she also made provision
for the gift in her will. The sift wa.<
promptly accepted and to-day the let
ter accompanying it was published at
the universitv. It reads as follows:
To the Resents ot th« University of Califor
nia. Berkeley. Cat. — Grntlemen: la loving
memory of my husband. Professor Feliclen
Victor Paget. I wish to give Tils library to the
University of California. The best and nao
plest year» of his life were «pent at the uni
versity, and his interests cantered there T"
desire thai this Kit t should take effect .«t
once, although It may not be possible for "you
to obtain full title to the books until ' they
*r» distributed out of Professor Pagnt's estat*
by order of court. That there may be no dif
ficulty when mat t imp comes. I hereby assign
to you aU my right, title and interest In thesn
nooks, and assume the payment of all thj
debts and expenses of administration of this
estate. an<J have Instructed I. null de F. Bart
lett. who holds my power of attorney and who
will administer upon Professor Paget's entat«.
to co-operate with you. Very respectfully
yours. E. M. PAGET.
The pallbearers were Professor Wil
liam Carey Jones. Frank M. 'Wilson. J.
S. Bunnell and Professor Gnstav Fau
cheux. The remains were borne tr>
Mountain View Cemetery, where a final
brief service was held, and were then
given to cremation.
Among the frienda of Mme. Paget
present at the services were President
and Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Pro
fessor and Mrs. Cornelius B. Bradley.
Professor and Mrs. Frank Soule. Pro
fessor and.M^. William Carey Jone3,
Professor and Mrs. W. A. Merrill,. Pro
fessor and Mrs. Frederick- Slate, Pro
fessor and Mrs. George H. Howlson,
Professor and Mrs. C. H. Howard, Pro
fessor and Mrs. Irving Stringham. Pro
fessor and Mrs. George C. Edwards.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Bunnell. Carlos
Bransby, Mr. and Mrs. Marius Spinello.
Mrs. J. E. Hathaway. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank M. Wilson. Mrs. Leon J. Rich
ardson. Warren Wilkinson. Mrs. A. J.
Ralston. Mrs. William McKenzie. Mrs.
Harley Leete, Mrs. Clinton Day. Louis
de F. Bartlett and almost the entir
membership of the Town and Gown
Club, of which Mme. Paget was the
founder and treasurer.
In keeping with her life simple ser
vices were held to-day at the funerai
of Mme. Emanuel Marie Paget. A
large number of her friends gathered
at the home of the revered woman, s-j
long Intimately associated with the
Town and Gown of Berkeley, and apok»
their final farewell. They brought flow
era—delicate messages of love— and
spread them upon the bier of their
frfend, last tokens of their esteem and
reverence *for a good woman.
The services began at 10:30 o'clock
and were conducted by Rev. Joseph
Worcester, pastor of tha Swedenborgian
church of San Francisco, the most in
timate friend of the late Professor and
Mme. Paget. The minister spoke of
the influence for good that had been
exerted by the lives of his friends, an
Influence that will not pass away with
them, but that will live on. This was
as much due to the example of blind
devotion that she had set for her hus
band and he for his wife as to the kind
liness and sympathy and generosity
with which both had received their
friends.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street. Jan. •-
Engineer of Freight Tries to
Shoulder the Blame on the
Crew of the Passenger Train
Exposes Form of Prehistoric
Beast After a Long Period
of Chiseling With Machine
Collision Occurs at the Inter
section of Fillmore Street
and Golden Gate Avenue
Suspect Is Accused^ of Having
Killed a Motorman and Cou
rt uctdr' 'During a "Hold-Up"
Members Are Fined for Work
ing on Christmas Day and
Others Are .Undergoing Trial
Eulogy of the Rev. • Joseph
Worcester Deals With Lives
of Devoted Man and Wife
Invites 3Ian to Drink Fill,
but Death Intervenes Ere
\\\% Thirst Has Been Satisfied
FRIENDS GO TO '
MOl'RN
PRISONER; ESCAPES MOB
BARTENDER'S GENEROSITY
NABK0WLY ESCAPE DEATH
PROSECUTION MAY FOLLOW 7
COMES FB0M SHASTA PITS
INSTALLATIONS ARE HELD
Infuriated 'Carmen" a£ Salt
Lake Try. to Storm Jail to
Lynch Alleged \ Highwayman
Butchers Aid the Strikers With
. Contributions of Money and
Transact Important Business
Funeral of the Woman so Lon£
Identified With the Town
and Gown Held at Old Home
Coroner. Starts Investigation
to Ascertain Cause of the
Wreck on Bock Island Eoad
Sailor Imbibes Pint of Whis
ky and Three Glasses of
Wine and Suddenly Expires
Police Judge Mogan Is Bruised
and William Lowe Sustains
Fracture of .the Left Arm
Professor John C. Merriam
• Discovers Bemains of a Huge
Lizard That Swam the Seas
CALLS A BLUFF
AND THEN DIES
BEGINS INQUIRY
INTO DISASTER
OFFICERS FOIL
THE LYNCHERS
UNIONS ELECT
NEW OFFICERS
FINDS ANIMAL
NEW TO SCIENCE
ELECTRIC CAR
RUNS INTO AUTO
MADAME PAGET
BORNE TO REST
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 8. 1904.
BAN DIEGO. ; Jan. ; 7.— The ' training ship
Mohican, which has Just returned from a short
cruise at sea,' will leave ¦ on Tuesday next for
San •, Francisco, where ¦ she will i discharge her
present • crew of ' apprentices and landsmen as
being sufficiently trained.
BUSINESS MAN ARRESTED
ON EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGE
Charles G. Clark Is Accused or Hav
ing Swindled the Firm of Alli
son, Neff &,Co. .
Charles G. Clark, assistant manager
of the .firm of. Allison, Neff & Co.,*
dealers* in farming implements, 222
Mission: street, was arrested late last
night by Detectives Freel and Bun
ner and locked up In the City Prison
on a charge of felony embezzlement.
The specified sum i is $100, though
there are said to be other. complaints
against the prisoner. He stayed in
jail in default of $2000 ..bonds fixed
by Police Judge Mogan.
The warrant was sworn to yesterday
afternoon ai\d as soon as Clark could
be located he was taken, to Jail. It is
said that he . wiil : - be • formally accused
of having embezzled. several thousand
dollars from -, the ' firm of v Allison. ,, Neff
& Co. Clark was very much surpris
ed - at his arrest and stated . that he
could not imagine what it meant
4
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAUSE Or rAlLINtt gATl^,
Dandruff, Which Zs a Germ DUeaie— -
Kill the Germ.
Filling: hair is caused by dandruff,
which is a term disease. The germ iri
burrowinr into the root of the hair
where It destroys the vitality of the
hair, causing the hair to fall out. digs
'ip the cuticle in little scales, called dan-
druff or scurf. You can't stop the falling
hair without curing the dandruff, and
you cant cure the dandruff without kill-
ing the dandruff f»rm. "Destroy the
cause you remove the effect." Newbro's
Herplclde is the only hair preparation
that kills the dandruff germ, rferpicide
is also a delightful hair dressing. Sold
by leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herplclde Co.. Detroit
Mich. .
CASTOR I A
; .. Tor Infanta and Children; \
Oie . Kind Jot jbie Always Bought
Bears tLo /*]? s/Gs? st "
slgnatturd of (*Z& e /jff&&/u/lt
COTTOLENE.
M . NaUutc'S Giftifrom the Sunny South. m
§ HearYeljHearYe!
Kl kind of food you eat, but rather what
14 your stomach fails to digest, that gira* jst: indigestion. Lard
II is a foe to digestion. If you had ! the stomach of an ostrich
|1 you could hardly withstand the ravages <rf lard-soaked pastry. You-
Ij have probably found this out and already given up the eating of pastry.
H Tis wholly unnecessary! Anyone can eat and digest food cooked with
II Cottolene— -the perfect shortening. . It is a pure vegetable product, made - 1
|l from the best beef suet and choicest vegetable oil. It is neutral in i
M taste and odor ; it is Nature's Gift from tha Sunny South. -I
|a Cottolene t« never told in bulk. It is ptit up in carefuHy sealed
H tin pails. And right here is another advantage. VVh-rv you buy lard. ''
El you have no protection as to quality— you simply know you are getting .-
fel LARD— never mind the grade, it's just L-A-R-D." Or* the other hand,
1 . every pail of Cottolene is uniform— -the product is.guar^steed. You take
|1 no chances whatever. . • <
pi In the face of these facts just ask yourself if yr>? ean afford to use !
p| hog lard when you can get pure, healthful, nutritious Cottolene. j
Pi USE 5^ LESS. Cottolene being richer «3tl»*r lara dr "cookiftg- j
fl butter, one-third less is required, j . . ** ;-]
vi TTRTTP San<1 »>s *2c stamo to pkypostasre and we'll mail you a ccdyoJ our h«nv I
« XKJLZ, -Home Helps."- edited by Mrs. Rorer. which contains 300 choic^ ? r£w : J
pi from tho country's noted cooks. w "" r «ape*; |
H| Made only by THE N.K.FA1RBAMK COMPANY. Dept 260 Chicaso " " ~*James McQuade, a shift boas at the
Pennsylvania, denied that any blasting:
was done in that mine on the night of
December 12, but said he heard heavy
blasting in the Rams. It was so heavy,
he said, his men could not work for the
smoke. He thinks ten boxes of powder
were set off at the entrance to the
Pennsylvania works by the Earus peo
ple. *~
Perhaps the nearest to- fixing any Im
mediate responsibility for the explosion
In the Rarus mine was given In the
testimony of Richard Reese. Reese pro
duced a mazazlne which he said Olson
had brought out from the raise Decem
ber 31. telling him that It had been
thrown from the Rarus. Olson said
that the man who threw this maga
zine down said: "Sit down and read
that for a while. To-morrow we -will
send you something on a string."
The Amalgamated people contend
that the "something on a string" wa3
the fifty pounds of dynamite James
McGrath swore Superintendent Grank
am of the Rarus had ordered lowered
In the Pennsylvania workings for the
purpose of blowing out the Amalga
mated miners and preventing a party
of Amalgamated inspectors entering
from the Mountain View mine.
W. P. Winchell, expert geologist for
the Amalgamated, testified that the fa
tal blast was caused by dynamite
placed In a sack connected 'with a fuse
lowered from the raise above and ex
ploded upon Olson and Divel.
mine, ljut who was in the Rams mine
at the time of the explosion, testified
that he heard Al Frank, superintendent
of the Rarus, tell his men to "keep
those fellows out," by blasting if they
had to.
.This week. TO Fourth «t.. front of KeysVcele^
irated cvster house.cycKlasses.specs, 15c to 30c.*
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 7.— The Securi
tjv. Savings - Bank ; has absorbed^ the
Main-street Savings i Bank, and in
creased tts capital stock from 5200,000
to 1300,000. ; A hundred thousand dol
lars X has been added to the : surplus,
making ', it 1 $200,000. 'The" combined de
posits " of the two institutions will , ag
jrregate $6,000,000, making It the largest
savings" bank *in Southern Calif ornia.
Both I. W. and H. !W.\Hellman'will be
directors of the Security Savings Bank.
Institutions in Los Angeles Unite and
Form Largest Savings Concern
in the South. •
BANKS IN COMBINATION
- JIAVE IMMENSE DI
return to the; Liberal/ party of : the
Duke of - Devonshire, ' who, :, October 1 5
last, • resigned- the_ office of Lord < Presi
dent of i the ' Council, ; is I announced \by
the .Pall Mall Gazette, which, under
stands ; that ; the Duke" and Lord ; Rose
bery have "agreed • to* "bury the , politi
cal hatchet", and amalgamate Itheir in
terests. ' ; ' ~. : '~: "-' ".•*'¦ - • • ¦-••
.grrees With Ix>rd * RoseberyV to Bury
. the Political Hatchet and Amal- !
Kamatc , Their Interests.
LONDON, ; Jan. ¦ 7.— The impending
»UKE: OP; DEVONSHIRE •
TO " JOIN' THE ' LIBERALS
Gas ranges $11 and upward, heaters
$1.60 at San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, 415 Post street. •
; Secretary Moody complimented the
officers ¦ and men of the fleet on • the
success 'of the trip.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— Rear Ad
miral Evans, commander in chief of
the Asiatic fleet, which recently made
a cruise from Yokohama to Honolulu,
says that the cruiser squadron made
twelve and a half knots and was
c-bllged/to droo the collier because it
was deficient in speed, and that the
battleships could have increased . the
speed a knot or a knot and a half. As
to the performance of the battleships
under, trying conditions of -weather in
the great Pacific swells the admiral has
this to say: - >
: "Heavy swells with practically no
wind continued from the fourth day
out until the third day before arriving:
at Honolulu. ' and I dc-ubt whether at
any .time during my experience of
forty-two years I have seen swells so
uniformly high as was experienced. I
estfmate that the height from crest to
hollow of the waves, for about three
days of . this run, ranged as bieh as
thirty, feet, and the general average
heightrof the swells would be at least
twenty feet! The behavior, of the bat
tleships'during this weather was par
ticularly good, and their speed practl
cally,notat all hampered. The Oregon,
considering | her.age and design, acted
particularly, well throughout the pas
sage. ' During the entire trip, the en
gines of 1 none of the three battleships
was stopped except for thirty minutes
during, the ceremony- attendant upon
the .burial of one of the crew of the
Wiscc-nsin."
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 7.— Masked
robbers entered the house" of' "David
Gates,' near Compton, last night/bound
and gagged him and his wife and rob
bed them of $745. the savings of years.
Gates is 82 years of agre and his wife
is 77. They were so roughly handled
by the, thieves and sustained - such a
nervous shock that both are 1 now un
der the care of a physician.
.VYThe'". robbery was committed evident
ly by persons who that the aged
couple .had money in the house. Mr.
and Mrs; Gates had . retired for the
night,, but were. not asleep, when, with
out warning, the door of their sleeping
room was burst open and two men en
tered; one carrying an ax and the other
a revolver.
- Without waiting for any show of re-,
sistance on the part of- their victims,
they 'seized and beat the old couple;
then bound 1 and • gagged - them,- tying
the cords so tightly that their lips and
cheeks were cut. , Then they broke open
a trunk and took therefrom $~00 in gold.
From Gates' trousers they secured 545.
The robbers then left.' . . - - •- •
Mrs. Gates . managed to free % herself'
and then freed her husband,, but . he
was unable to walk. . She had sustained
a fracture of the ankle several- weeks
ago and the injury, was -barely • heated.
Attired { only j in her night' clothes, she
hobbled to the house of a neighbor and
gave ; the .alarm. :• The : whole -neigrhbor
hood was soon aroused, but. no trace of
the robljers could be founds
Special. Dispatch to The Call
Rear Admiral Evans Reports
' ; on Performance of Asiatic
Fleet in the Pacific Swells
Cruel - Crime Committed - at
a Home in Los Angeles
County by Desperate Intruders
CRUISERS MAKE
QUICK VOY AGE
ROBBERS BEAT
AGED COUPLE
Building Commissioner Williams to
day rescinded the order closing the
Coliseum, declaring it safe from ' fire.
Fifteen halls were ordered closed.
He was shown a portion of the cur
tain that had been in a hot place and
said that the life had been taken out
of the piece shown him.
At the conclusion of Stetson's testi
mony an adjournment was taken until
to-morrow morning:. .
tlon against fire that he knew of was
ft rule against smoking.
George W. Stetson of Bingham,
Mass., secretary of a company which
made the asbestos curtain, said that
there were two kinds of asbestos cur
tains, one in which a fine brass wire
was interwoven, the other being with
out wire. Both curtains were of equal
use against flames, the wire being
merely to provide greater tensile
strength to the fabric. When asked
by Coroner Traeger how he accounted
for the burning up of his fireproof
cr.rlaln. Stetson replied that he did
not believe it had burned up, and that
he had every reason to believe that it
did not. In his opinion, the greater
part of the curtain was lying: at the
present \ time on the theater stage,
covered with soot and ice.
President Nominates Postmasters.
WASHINGTON", Jan. 7. — The Presi
dent sent the following 1 nominations
to the Senate to-day:. Postmasters-
California — James J. Matthews, Co
vina; Motley H. Flint, L03 Angeles.
Idaho — Charles W. Wilson, Sand
Point.
.SYDNEY, N. S. W. t Jan. 7.— It de
veloped to-day that the loss of life on
board the British cruiser Wallaroo by
the explosion of one of her boilers was
not so as at first reported. The
number of men killed~~"and injured
totals forty-three. The first reports
said forty-three men had been killed,
whereas but four were killed.
renter- Developments Show That the
Killed on Cruiser Wallaroo
Number but Four.
LOSS OF LIFE BY. EXPLOSION
NOT SO GREAT AS REPORTED
ROME. Jan. 7. — It is announced that
Great Britain has agreed to the Anglo-
Itslian arbitration treaty which was
sjjrr.ed in Rome.
Great Britain Agrees to Treaty.
CHICAGO, Jan. 7. — A dispatch to '
the from Mobile, Ala., says I
Ethel Revelle. the missing New York
heiress to J3.000.000, has been found
in 4 Mobile. She says she is going to.
stay hidden from her relatives and is*
going to marry J. P. Moses, a clothing
merchant. When the young woman
disappeared from New York it was
reported that her relatives feared that
she had been kidnaped.
• Incidentally it is stated that the
Colorado aunt, from whom it is ¦¦ al
leged she inherited her fortune. Is not
known in Denver.
Saj-s She Intends to Remain Away
I'rom Her Relatives as She Is
Goinsr to Get 3Iarried. :
MISSING NEW YORK HEIRESS
IS FOUND HIDING IN MOBILE
SALT LAKE, Utah. Jan. 7.— A sum
mons in the case of the Government
against former Superintendent of Rural
Delivery Machen was served upon
former First Assistant Postmaster Gen
eral Perry S. Heath by United States
Marshal Hey wood to-day.
Snbpcna Served on Heath
"I hollered and hollered for them to
lower the curtain and then I felt what
I should describe as a cyclone. It was
a whirl of smpke and when 1 looked
around the scenery had broken and
was flying all around me. There was
a heavy, cold draught, evidently from
the outside, and there was an explosion
of some kind, as though . you would
light a match and the whole box woula
go off. I did not know whether to go
front or back, as it looked about an
even thing for my life no matter which
way I went. Then I thought of my boy
and that perhaps the man did not take
him out. so I went to the back door. I
went out and found my boy in the al
ley."
Foy testified that the only precau-
During the second act Foy testified
he was in his dressing-room and heard
a noise, to which he at first paid little
attention. The noise grew louder, and
being anxious about his son he ran to
the theater stage, picked up the boy
right in front of the switchboard and
saw a fireman trying to put out the
fire. He ran with the boy to a door at
the back of the stage. -When he arrived
a number of people were trying to es
cape. He gave the boy to a man, tell
ing him to take him out, and then ran
back to the stage and out to the foot
lights. The audience was becoming
panic-stricken and in order to quiet the
people he called to the stage hands,
"Drop the curtain," and to the musi
cians, "Keep up your music." He urgea
the' audience repeatedly to remain
quiet and not get excited. When
the curtain came down it stuck about
three feet above his head. The rest of
Foy's testimony is as follows:
FIRE PROTECTION LACKING.
Lester Sackett of Elgin, 111., with two
women and a little girl, occupied seats
in the third row of the first balcony.
They made their way out of a rear exit
and down a fire escape. In going down
the fire escape Sackett had great trou
ble in closing an iron shutter which
projected across the stairway at right
angles and shut off escape.
Eddie Foy,' comedian, said he
r.ent to the matinee with his six-year
old son. He sent him out before the
first act in charge of the stage mana
ger, who brought him back and said
there were no seats.
Frank Houseman declared that he
bought two seats in an upper box for
the matinee. He reached the first floor
before the fire gained headway and
opened a door which he was told by
an usher was an exit. Outside of this
door was another of iron, which it was
impossible to open.
Charles Dexter was with Houseman
and gave similar evidence. When the
panic started he endeavored to open
doors on the first floor, and found be
hind them doors of iron, across which
were Iron crossbars. One of these doors
he could not open, but another he man
aged to force and got Out a number of
small children. Sf.
No person was admitted to the Coun
cil chamber without an order or a sub
pcr.a from Coroner Traeger. Even
members of the City Council who ap
plied for admission were turned away.
Among the witnesses were Eddie Foy,
a comedian of the "Mr. Bluebeard"
company, and George W. Stetsgn, a
representative of the company which
manufactured the asbestos curtain. The
evidence of Foy did not differ greatly
frorn the statements which have been
published heretofore concerning his ac
tion on the day of the fire.
Stetson and Coroner Traeger became
involved in a long discussion as to the
merits of asbestos curtains, during
which Stetson admitted that asbestos
curtains, if subjected to extremely high
heat, would lose their "life" and crum
ble- He declared that in his opinion
the greater portion of the asbestos cur
tain in the Iroquois Theater was still
in good condition and expressed him
self as anxious to make experiments
to prove the truth of his assertion. ¦
Antonio Frosolono, leader of the or
chestra, testified that the asbestos cur
tain came down after each performance
and that it came down within a foot
cf the stage at the time of the fire.
Then, he asserted, it appeared to
straighten out and the flames came
from beneath. One Email piece of hose
was the only fire fighting apparatus he
had found about the theater.
Ella H. Churcher attended the mat
inee. She was positive that the curtain
that -was lowered was not the asbestos
curtain, but the curtain which had been
lowered after the first acL (
AVENUES OF ESCAPE* LOCKED.
CHICAGO. Jan. 7.— A dozen persons
to-day testified at the Coroner's in
quest over the victims of the Iroquois
Theater fire on Wednesday, December
30. The inquest was held In the City
Council chamber.
Leader of Orchestra Asserts
That There Was Only a Small
Piece of Hose in Playhouse
When Fatal Blaze Broke Out
Driggs admitted that he had placed
*50 of the cashier company's machines
in various departments of the postof
fiee in Washington and that he was
paid S12.5C0 by the company. Driggs
aJso admitted that he gave money to
Beavers, who was a superintendent in
the posteffice. He declared that at the
riae he gave Beavers J2SO0, in 1900, it
-vis rot for services rendered, but went
toward* a foreign fund. At the time
I)rig-g-s was a candidate for president of
the Borough of Brooklyn.
under the law. I shall make the sen
tence as Upht as I possibly can. You,
pri?rgs, are free to come and go as you
please."
After the jury had been discharged
the court denied a motion for a new
trial and reserved decision on a motion
for a stay of proceedings pending an
appeal. Judge Thomas told the coun
sel they migrht agree on a day for sen
tence. He said:
"I wish I could inflict a sentence
¦without imprisonment, but I cannot
In response Judge Thomas said the
recommendation was eminently fitting,
as Drigrgrs had conducted himself with
dignity and because he undoubtedly
vic!aled the statute unwittingly. Judge
Thomas said he believed Driggs was
guilty only in a technical senst.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— After deliber
ating forty-five minutes to-day a jury
found former Conjrrersman Edmund
H. Dricss gruilty of accepting money to
procure a contract between a private
company and the Government, while
serving as a member of Congress. The
jury recommended mercy.
Morgan maintained that the Bogota
was warned not to make any bombard
ment at any time. This fact, he said,
made the United States a belligerent
nation against Colombia, This attitude
was continued by our forbidding Gen
eral Torres and his force to go from
Colon to, Panama.
"These acts of hostility and defiance
were in violation of the statute laws
of the United States," he said.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. f 7.— Morgan oc
cupied the time in the Senate to-day
in a reply to the speech of Lodge, de
livered on Tuesday. Morgan -again at
tacked the President and the attitude
of this Government in connection with
the Panama republic. He introduced
numerous newspaper extracts to bear
out his contention that the revolution
was assisted by officers and citizens of
the United States.
Morgan put into the Record a large
number of letters written by corre
spondents of newspapers which, he
said, gave the facts concerning the
overturning of the Colombian Govern
ment on the isthmus and which were
not disputed by the President in his
two messages to Congress. Many of
these article* made reference to" Colonel
Black, who is alleged to have raised
the first Panamaian flag on the isthmus,
and Consul Ehrmann, who is alleged
to have made thp- arrangements for the
raisins: of money- to '.buy the peaceful
withdrawal of Colonel Torres and his
Colombian troops.
Soooner wanted to know if Morgan
questioned the action of the represen
tatives of the United States in warn
ing the Colombian gunboat Bogota
from bombarding Panama In view of
the fact that the bombardment was
without the time warrfing required by
international law.
MERITS OF ASBESTOS
CURTAINS DISCUSSSED
Judge Thomas Expresses His
Belief That the Accused 3fan
Violated Law Unwittingly
Acts of Hostility Toward Co
lombia, He Declares, Tiolate
the Statutes of United States
Witnesses Testify at Inquest
Over Victims of the Theater
Fire That Avenues of Escape
Were Closed by Doors of Iron
SENTENCE WILL BE LIGHT
QUOTES THE NEWSPAPERS
Alabama Senator Insists That
This Government Lent Aid
to the Panama Kevolution
Former Congressman Convict
ed of Accepting" Money to Get
Contract With Government
SAY EXITS
COULD NOT
BE OPENED
JURY DECLARES
DRIGGS GUILTY
MORGAN MAKES
REPLY TO LODGE
i * • • - - ¦ ..•-.¦• — / - ¦¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISGOCALL,-FRIDAY,e:JANUARY S. 1904.
HELENA, Mont, Jan. 7.— In the
Coroner's investigation into the death
of Samuel Olsen and Fred Davel, who
were killed by an . explosion in the
Michael Davitt mine, J. H. Trerize, a
Helnze superintendent, admitted that
he had personally blown air, dust and
lime into the eyes of the miners in the
Pennsylvania property durins one of
the underground, battles, and further
admitted that. there existed a secret
crossing In the Michael Davitt mine
through which it Is alleged loot ore
had been. taken. .
In detailing the lime Incident Trerizp
said that when he broke through the
bulkhead into the Pennsylvania mine
the men would not let him into the
latter. .He then blew air from a hose
on them and afterward dust, and that
failing had a box of powdered lime
brought in. The lime accomplished the
purpose and he entered the Pennsyl
vania mine from the Rarus.
James J. McGrath. an electrical
worker employed in the Never Sweat
Superintendent Trerize \ Says
He Personally Blew Irri
tants Into Eyes of Miners
DUST AND LIME
BLIND WORKMEN
5
V f- ¦\T- ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
W^ S^^^B^T^ * s *k c joy of the household, for -without
Urat ma E^ ' it no happiness can be complete. Hoav
l^^^j^ M JSQw sweet the picture of mother and babe,
BhF BrUSSr Ea mjgjP angels smile at and commend the
*a m jgm^ m /BMk eig thoughts and aspirations of the mother
mS ma H Bf" hL lending over the cradle. The ordeal through
«f H H i n H^ wnich the expectant mother must pass, hov/-
jg. g 1^^ |Sq ever, is so full of danger and suffering that
she looks forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every, woman should knorr that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be, entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renden
pliable, . all the parts, and __ _^ •'_ IIM _ '^___| __ _ — _ _„_
great crisis in perfect safety ~ mm ' .^^ , .'^T>
value to all Avomen sent free. Address eP M^n n WP «H» 1 1 ? I
BRADFIELD REGULATOR COn Ail*** Q* ¦» ailniliiiv
ADVZHTISEMEKTS.
RICH 3IEN ARE
NOT ALL HAPPY
Croe«u«. King of Lydla. Ilad Troubles
of His Own, and There Are Others. '
Croesus, the John D. Rockefeller of |
the kingdom of Lydia, was very •well- I
to-do in worldly goods and chattels.
'Ay rich as Croesus" is a saying about
5300 years old. He had his troubles, I
however, and some of them -were full
"SToxvn. Ke was taken captive once by
Cyrus and only saved himself from be-
ng burned alive by quoting a saying
of Solon the Sage. He finally had to
flee his kingdom for parts unknown.
llany cf the rich man's troubles to-
*iz;r come from high living and could
• oe avoided. They are brought on by
"ctir.s: a!l kinds of rich, heavy foods at
; rrcsu!cr tidies, lack of proper ezer-
_ise, undue mental strain, unnatural
stimulants, etc, and are commonly
lino-wn as indigestion, dyspepsia and
. weak Btomach. They are serious
troubles all right, but not only can
they be avoided but can also be cured,
and that "without loss of time or
proper food and nourishment.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the
certain relief of dyspeptics, rich and
poor alike. There is no such thing as
stopping their onward progress now.
A great nation has placed its stamp
• of approval upon their noble work.
, The thousands and thousands of cures
they have effected and the happiness
.resulting therefrom have made their
name a household word throughout
the land.
¦ The story of Stuart's Dyspepsia
.Tablets can be told in a word. They
'actually clo the work that the weak
and wasted stomach is unable to do
and allow It to recuperate and regain
its strength. They contain all the es-
. sential properties that the gastric
.iuice and other digestive fluids do,
.and they digest the food just as a
sound and well stomach would, '?hey
relieve the stomach just as one rested
tnd refreshed workman relieves the
one on duty that is tired and worn,
and Xature does her own work of
restoration. It is a. simple, natural
pioce« that a child can understand.
You can cat all you want without fear
of results. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are for sale by all druggists at 50
cents a box. Druggists all know bet-
ter than to try to get along without
them, as the demand for. them Is great
and universal.
. BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
. S A OfiEAT JSKtTOHATIVE. IKVIGORA-
• \"t au.l N'ervlee.
Th* ruosl wntgStfW synrcaUiae *Rd Spectai
Tor.'.c Icr the Organs, for joth »exti.
• Tfc« Hexican Uerredlrs l'cr I»iseat»s cf th«
JviOit-n* .xnd iSliolder. Sell* on Its ow-n merits.
XABtSI!. ALKS £ XWU2CK. Aceat«.
ZZ-i Market. 1!.. S. X". — <Sen<l for Circular*!.
• S k Dr. Gibbon ? s Dispensary,
A->cTM§a C2O KEAKSY ST. EMal»^i«h«l
fP^S m '<4i ¦ ¦¦ t*>">: UtrlUf trr-.-itci'-n: "f I'rivatr
feiJk^SVl'.--— -. I^-t Matiliood. l>rti».aty«T
#5tffB^Ji--i:— »«•¦ a^nnfun t<.<3va-id niiml atMl
iSC&ftvSy^-i-' •'» «««««!«. Thr I)oct«>rrur»^n-I.^ii
»r. J. **. «;i bb».\, iian rramcSaco, Cat
/ U/. T. HESS.
STctsry TntUc «=4 Attcmey-at-Iiaw.
Tctih Floor fiaom 1015 Ciau* SpieckeU eldr.
Telcrbcne Main 3*3.
¦RjttiCcr.e; K.I CaMfurrJa »t. 1»!ov Powell.
Ile^i<I<nc« Tei«-pt.ca« Ja'rsei ISOl.
Schools and Colleges.
I.SAOIXG fJtTSIXE^S COLLEGE OF-THE
TV EFT. C4 I'ost *u, Can Francisco. CaL .
E«ttfc!l?hed 40 :?ars. . Open ratlr* jxar. 1
Vrtte ivr l'.lustretefi cathio^ie (free).
r ; .THE EMPORIUM. j' - / - THE EMPORItTM. | , ¦-* THE EMPORIUM. » THE EMPORIUM .
If i ' '*....' * * * * ' * J«
*• - ' '¦ £ \f)tt in \ x
% '¦ ,. . "Art Room, second ' 'floor, every day during, business hours. «
*: "'""'.•'''''"''¦ ' " ~ ' ' ' " ' ' %
J : Nbw Spring Suits s P ecial Sale Goods ° rdered ' b tmail Broken Lines ?
I Just^^^dio .^^one^cibesent COD. MGn'S Clothing \
| Ctearanc^Saie Jffi^^^ ** °»* Prices |
*»" £%&££*&+ £ &QS\1G? M i &~^^MMMUWh/V&&WJ\ K=s + Men of large proportions will find it %
J* fU1mm%MMMaMm0^9 california-s largest- jf 0imll^^^^ mm ~ m ~~~ to their advantage to attend this sale as \
i " -Of^^ The first annual ihipment of . "^^^^^•aIicr!Ca^scbandest storC there are a great many large sizes, from £
H advance 1904 styles in street. suits ' 4° to 46 chest measure \
K ' fl^KjV h « *««<» «i<l garments are $12-50 «nd 515.00 .Suit? re- r\ ,*
% TO^fi} .p'.-ced en u eit pric« in keep- m „ FjctnanrHinaM Salt* duced «» 59.50 — Th ;5 - .5
£ \fisf ing with the generallow prices of . v «^ P™-" 3 are made « D'gn- V V •*
! Olfc. -SOLm Fancy Ribbons 14c B^SB /S M^- \
* 1L&T ¦ar^t' 1 " 10.000 yards: of handsome Ribbons, over SZ^L"-^^ / J , fl/flA S
i /f^T^. 7 The new .Eton jack« 56 miles in length if all were in one . ths hs * ro:ts r 00 '™ *** /wi (j&7> *
i 'Piece-ribbons that the impoxters sold Mttei utiJHHSZ Vf MS/ $
* V I uninsd flare skirt; vrouVl be at wholesale, at from $2.25 to M.50 per piece Of reduced to $13.85— Made \JfJ 'J% I -J
i- > rti V . a great raiue at /2S.50; »'e : ten yards, has been bought by the big store at '" !£^ filMyw "!'i eJ » s f? tc S' W \ 'j
i / 1 ¦¦ 1 • \ Pr "' Ce ' $22.50 :¦: such a ridiculously low price that ;& i|r _^ KEJ «ST^fi£2 / S
// 1 \ ' Ntw \trtit Suits S25 00- We are going to Sell it Oil Friday H &EFBE *ont=ds and b!ue .erg.,; you / J \
*Wi : : -VlA-wS^^^^S . and Saturday-per yard. ... * -a be y** ,t the / %
i llLii ' \ V W£M^W^P* e &? s^ The lot consists of -all kinds" of fancies— plaids. s V ttne n^« / 5
*£ I \ suk lined,, biou-e, Eton str } peSf dots> figures, moire effects, <$c, ; etc., in all Men'. $12.50 and $«.oo L J •«
h W: '-Wi ;SSSSSSSfS coIors and »" widths varying from 3^ to 6 inches- Overcoat! reduced to $9-50 >- nr*^' *
J ' : T^ ''^r^rtmui, beautjfaiy These ribborls are all silk, fine imported French and -*J™ ™ e^ "^."f a ! J
taiored; worth #32.50; German novelties, with a small sprinkling of Amer- bdSbacicityiM.* * KW 4i 5
J* "J le &25mBQ ican-made ribbons mixed in. You will find it one Men's SI6.50 arid $20.00 w >
X • ¦•'¦¦¦-,. , - ¦ " ., of the most important offerings of ribbons" that the Overcoats reduced to ** * J
S* Broken lots Of Winter garments Emporium has ever made. . . $I3.«5-Oit wkh an ths d«h and «,ie «f ths hi|h« J
Six t- 111 t_- ¦ . ¦¦' •¦ ¦•' ; " -. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦_-__ ¦' ' ¦ grade tailor-made coat. £
that have all along been our best — — : ; — — — — S
* ' A Very important ?5»#*» Rnxwcz' ninthSnn I
* $30.00 Mixture Suits V . . . . fi 7 . 5 o —. - ' _ W«*C DOyS &|a7OI#f #171} *
f tZmmt^ts™ : ':¦:::: \\7 4 % Sale Of ShOeS Three Exceptional Values J
J $47.50 Long CoatSutts now ... . . . . 29.50 - . , ,. _ / , \... , To-Day and Saturday -1
5 $i i. 50 to $18.50 Cloth Coats '...: . . . ~8.?5 All of the broken lines of m:n s, women' a, children * f< . -" •*
H $21.50 Cto $25-00 Kersey Coats ...... 12.50 and misses' ihoes hive been lorted out, and, in conjunc- Th« Popvlar NorloOC Svit— Iq winter weights ' %
«^ $33-5o to $45.00 Kersey_Coats ..... .17.50 t j on with a .ample line of men', .hoes in thi. «e«on'« and neat dark coloring, uzes for boy. 9 to •*
i "^clfZltuZes^rafUno'onank'^ style, wiU be orTered at ipecial .aleTridayand S«urd. 7 « W $».fc. -de AJ ££ X
l>* ing wear at very special prices v prices like those quoted below. Remember that these are r ilv>t • • jj
J . " -,' . ' , . ' '.-" ' " -'•••• a n ncw , up-to-date shoes, perfect in every respect and the Two-Piect Suits— Double-breasted coats, made £
* Pe&U £le ft&3F 413C best shoe values obtainable at our rcgu'ar dcpmm:nt iforc of r=Iubl = blu = fhevion *°d fancy twesds of X
* " TZ. - - - . r^ % ".<_ pr : ces qualities that will give your boy a whole lot x
$ Snnci a ISnln'Tn?n»v «W^ Men's Sample Shoes at 1«. wear than yon really expect; size, for J
I A Special Sato* JO-Day than manntactufer'i- co5t- 4 oo pair, in 8 t0 »5 7«rs, worth |2. 75 , now re- J
j; A tnfle less than. one thousand ;yards is all § TgL alK and no two pair, alike. Among dnccd to • • • • $1.98 jj
f that we^ could secure of this beautiful new ; M>. *\ them are patent leathers, vici Lids, Boys' $400 SuiU — Three different .ryles. X
H weave or »nk to sell at to-day's htt e sale price'. ff^^ "'v calf »kins etc Th-v v- th- 3-p>=« «aitt, a-piece double-breasted suits and Tourist "J
$ It is an elegantly finished fabric in prettv color- fC$i\£%|w ik^ ' m ,v^ t «' m^'..' f nr t \U ,,,„'«« .« Norfolk «uiu, mad: cfexcelknt wicter we-jht ma-
t» ,-n . inr w ,; lf ., n J -„.. j r ' • makersiamp.es for tms season, so t . n3li •„ tnty p«tsrns, good fitting and weJ made X
J, ings for wa.sts. and costumr, and for evening there can be no mistake about their garment-, *» for 3 t, ,5 vrar,; .peciaUy pricei at . . *
g vretr. The color assortment include,: being right in every particular. '...'. .$2.95 X
«f Wh te Bine T»n |C^-»— .. _ A """' - D . . cm * _^ - «
J. Cream R e d * Nile I^^Sr^W R«gn.ar prices from S3.00 to$;.oo :,
*: .,, pink l^-nd.r Back < ISfffi^, per pair; sale price <£- Q CT SalO Broken LlHCS \
X The?' «.lk» are reguTarlr retailed at ;;c the WffJ-^, ®^S^^j^^. . . *¦ '. . *fr **+*%* ¦ %
| y ,rd;h C re en Friday cnlv f&G , Men'S Fl#r/j/S^/#l£fS %
I Sale HatS aitd CapS WomMS Wffi$® Wriihfs Jl.CO Underwear-Broken lines or the •«
g Men's $2.00 Hals— Derbies in black and soft ££. medium extension sole., mimary € W^'M . hcaUh * fl ««-iined kind; per garment C X
* . hats m. black, brown and pearl, odd^sizes; • bcd|> rcgularly $ 2 . oo . jm — Wf Jgl Men's Lmen Handkercbiels— The 5 ocNjnality,
U c.ean-up price. $1.40 $ a 'c price, all sizes . . *pim*&U> J? :*m of pare lintn, sJjhtlr soiled froy store dnplar; _ 'J
Ik" $3.00 Men's Soft Hats — BUck, nutrias and «_,._._,. ft _. npi i Tfr , P . t . nt A^'-^^Sk Itinc ' i t3 c!ose * " ch *OC x
% pearl; dean-up. price. ., $1.90 i°fw 22 rf,,li i Jf a r v,h n! M'#$Sn Men's Flannelette NUW Shlris-N«= «wipes, -J
§ Doys'Soft Hatsif black, brown, ste^ufr? ct 1^ « 2 J^^M ™ —— fl5 C \
j and pean; regularly $,.35, for ... . B5o $3.00 pair; sale j %-± Men's 60U 5 bir^-ExcIusiv=' patterns in ad. *
J. $1.50 to *z. 5 o Sailor Caps, to close . 95O p r i ce , a U t ( z : t . . §J m 73 gggSSP ZLT^l^i Percale,, m.dmand _„ !t
* I'.oo to $1.7$ Sailor Caps, to close l65o Women's Lace Shoes-Best patent ¦ %-rJ.' ¦ Oxford,, .!«, plain whhe SI. 00 .j
X -^ ¦ -¦,-- . ....... ..-¦- .._.»--,....-.• . leather, colt skin and vici kid, Goodyear welted so'es Mcn ' s NecKvear— Spring novelties, m Eoghsh j,
I &rGaOrie&~LiqUQr& Cnban or miliury heels, regularly tf^-OlT ¦ ' W «^ -V-*--* 6«W. SQc *
$ V Friday and Saturday ¦ $3-5°; sale price, all sizes &&m<$& Me?f$ * 61o¥es _Th e newest* style's "in mocha, j
J BuUer-Chcice Firkin Creamery, Norths twoVdayi.lb Women's Felt JuliclS — Felt lined and fur trimmed, red kid and doplcin; Prrrias, F*wnrs and f _^ J
»T ;• •:-'"' • • • A ... .. : ..' ¦'. ¦¦.:'. .26O or black, flexible soles, medium h-eli, +%— AdlermakM. . &imOU j
tf Van/Camp's Soups— Macaroni and cfae«e or team =in reaularly * i.oo; sale price . .. &&& " " Z
S tomato cauce,. 3 tins .... ..... . . ¦ -. £S*O «-•¦•' r • mmm < ¦• mm X
h Pearline-x-ib. pack. S c3, ' 3 for 2So g^, Misses' and Children's Shoes— Vici Lid ard YW&fffi&tl ? ® &&&€£ sYG '»
V O!iV2 Oil— B::: impcrctd ltal:*-, ; r^5W bos calf, . lace style, vriU-msde tift:s xr'.ta exztrS.cz io'.zt, " a n n r*»
l( Ginon tins for. .. ... $i.SB • M^i : chHdr:a "' > esl 8 /5 t0 "> thit "" e •<»•"? f™, novi • dJBCCI^f &*Bay Oa/P %
1 1, : . * ' h^^ 11 ? 31 li " 'or. . . . ; . .98e> JISsKS©! $i»*5; m^ssriisssn/i wV, thv.-«z jQO dozen ladies* Black Lace $
$ HerriBS-Xnr imported llilchwrf, V large .tna^t; ,7 'W> '^ pair; s;!= pr;c= $1.28 V, UU^ U *f U l^ . OldL , T LdcC •
fch. •• sso P^:- : %^ Yovths' Shoes— Good el:/ iic C shoes, Hoce, tine Maco cotton, Herms- >
2 n^ A 0 lJ£T y ~P^} OTi ' lx !lfn° tB * ioa 'L''£& 0 with so;h leather »k«, j^ d»= ,ho e . for dorff fast black, entirely new 3
fc - Good Whisky— PaaJonfiorOMGoremTr.tnt, bo?. QOO , c hool weir and good looking enough for A n <r;^ n c r^,,| or l ' o- i.u '
K Standard Beers-A BC, Hoster or Olympia,, pints Sunday, regularly St. 75 paV; sale price for sizes ix to I . . $1.16 OCSlgnS, TegUlarly Z5C the pair*, *
j: Misses' and Children's Jersey Lcttins-Batton style, in special Friday and Sat- f — ;J
V ExtraZinfandtlor Burgundy -GaUon. .'.'..;. e?ffo "gylar siie abore the fcme, » i.oo yake; ia!e price. . 58o Urday Only * M %M £
__-_. ty_. AD VEBTISEMEKTS. j ..„. ":':.¦
¦¦¦¦^^¦¦¦(¦^¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦¦^¦¦^^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦^^¦¦IMilMH
The store has been rented. We are forced to
vacate in a few days, so we are closed, to-day. get- .
,ting our shoe stock ready for the biggest .
C l-l f^\ D Salc in -
1. 1 Vil E this City
K ASTS, !t Geary St.
Fiztores for Sale. Store Opens Saturday 9 a.m. "
¦ : » . _. . ¦ ¦¦.-"¦•¦¦ »--¦•-¦¦-.•¦.¦. . • •¦ , .-• -DENVER; Jan. ¦ 7.— An epidemic that has
puzzled the physicians of Leadvllle for a week
past has been -determined -by the State B6ard
of Health to be typhoid fever. There are said
to be nearly 400 cases of i the malady In Lead
vUle." »v ¦-¦¦--¦ -¦•";-¦-- ¦¦ - -¦¦-¦¦'-;
• Judgment for $58,091 '55, was given by
Judge" Sea jvell against the city yester
day. He decided that the forty-three
plaintiffs who ¦ sued the city to recover
taxes pftld by them under the ' special
levy of 15 cents to -ralse'funds* to "build
new ¦ schoolhouses and r a county/¦hos
pital -were : entitled to recover their
money. The'; Judgment was .rendered
In accordance r ;with ; Sea well's decision
handed down several months ago, that
the special' levy- was illegal. ¦ -
City Mtist .' Refund Taxes,
Christmas day according * to the
rites and customs of the Holy Ortho
dox church : was -celebrated yesterday
morning at Trinity; Cathedral with an
imposing mass. The celebrants were
Fathers Sebastian, ; Daboyitch,^ Eaah
kovsky and Popoff • . The sermon was
preached by Father . Sebastian, .who
spoke of the peace Christ had'brought
Into the world. . 'In the evening a ves
per; service ,was .held,., at -.which" some
beautiful, music was rendered.: ' ;i * •' •
Christmas ' Celebration.
Conrt Supplants Lutz,
; Jacob IiUtz, administrator of the es
tate of the late Elizabeth Becker, who
was appointed as such upon the death
of Administrator Fritz Becker a
brother - of ¦ the deceased, * was remo'ved
from his post by Judge Troutt yeste"r
day and F. X. Becker was appointed.
The court held that F. X. Becker who
Is also a brother of the deceased, was
entitled- to the position by reason of
his relationship. .
Laborer's Leg Crushed.
"Harry Shoemaker, a laborer in a lum
ber yard on King street, had the bone
of hla left leg crushed by a train yes
terday afternoon. Shoemaker and
others weri loading flatcars with lum
ber when ihe train backed up, pinning:
him between a pile of lumber and the
bedy of the Car. He fell and the wheels
passed over his les below the knee.
grinding the bone Into pieces. ; The limb
was amputated by . Drs. Harvey, and
Boskowltz at the Emergency. Hospital,
to which Dlace he was taken. In th»
ambulance. His right foot ceceivcl
painful Injuries alao.
¦ TRENTON. N. J.. Jan. T.— It was announced
here to-day that Vice • Chancellor Emery has
appointed James R. Clarke of New York and
Charles K. Kimball of Summit, -N. J..-re
ceivers Mr the^'Flre Engine . Company, a
$0,000,000 corporation with plants In New York.
Balttmore. Chicago.' Cleveland. St.' Paul.: El
mlra and other places.
SANTA IIOSA, Jan. T.— William Ccrastock
fall from a tree yesterday afternoon and a pair
Of pruning shears he vai using sllpr* i from hi*
grasp and struck him on the head. A gash
was cut in his ncalp and one point of the shear*
punctured th« outer tabte of hts skull. T)M In.
juries are not dangerous.
Among those who thronged the big
auditorium' were:"
Box 1 (l«ft)-Mr. and Mrs. . de Young. Miss
Constance de Young, Miss Deane,. Boy Pike and
W Box 2'Tleft')— Mr. and Mrs. Eugene de Sabla,
Miss Charlotte Russell. Thomas Barbour. Clem
tnt Tobm and Leon d« HabJa. . ' ¦ • •
Box *J (Itft)— Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey R.
Wlnslovr and party. • ¦¦••-' .'_-.'
Box 4 <left>— Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Taylor,
Miss Blair, MrV Fred McNear and Mrs. l^nrl-
J'.r.x 5 (left) — Mica McKinley, Miss Faustina
McKlnley and psrty. ••" . . "; ¦
Box 0 (left)— Ex-Mayof James' Phelan, Mr.
and Mrf. Osgood Hooker, Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph
Spre ckels and MIm Phclani
Box 1 (right)— P. Davles. Miss B. Blrchfleld,
Miss Susan 'M. ' Smith, Miss N. L. Gllmore,
Mrs. P. M. Maher, Mrs. H." F. Pierce, Mr. and
Mrs E*. C. Brown. < ¦ •'.¦-. . ,\
llox 2 (right)— Miss Jennie Flood and party.
. Box 3 ¦ (rfttit)-— Mr. and" Mrs. Augustus :Tay
lor. Mrs. McNear, Mjss Dolbeer and Dr, Fred
ij-ix 4 (right)— Mr. and Mrs. R. Smith and
party. - • ; .
IJox 5 (right)— C. F. Robertson. J. F. Ccpdpn,
Mr. and Mrs. G. II. Nuroan and C. E.' Naylor.
Prominent Resident? of City and Vi
cinity \Ylio Attended, the Big
- Concert Liist Kight, '
A3IOXG THOSE P'RESEXT.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.— As the result
of recent conferences between President
Roosevelt, Governor odell .and Senator
Platt It can be announced that.Gov
ernor Odell will be in command of the
Roosevelt campaign in New York State
this year.- The plan has* the sanction of
both' the "President and Senator Platt
and' the Governor has consented to ac
cept the responsibility.
When: the ; new' Republican State
Committee organizes at the . coming
spring' convention "Governor Odell 'will
be elected unanimously "as chairman to
succeed , Colonel George "W. Dunn of
Blnghamton, the. present, head, of .the
committee.' This agreement of party
leaders 'practically disposes of the ru
mor that Odell 'may. again be a candi
date for election J as Governor;
.The plan to havg Governor Odell ac
tively manage the^ Roosevelt campaign
in this State ! Is credited to the Presi
dent : "himself. So far as "Governor
Odell's personal fortunes are Involved
in this plan the outcome, it is under
stood, will be -gratifying to him. If he
should" succeed In carrying New. York
for Roosevelt the Governor's :, friends
believe his wbuld be able to command
almost anything within the 'President's
control.
Special Dispatch to The Call
• •• ¦ ,. - i
aghan. Miss Elsie Moragban, Mrs. John Mor
risey, Mr. and Mrs. Peter Martin, Morris Mey
erfeld Jr., Mit« B, C. Morris, Harry McCoy, J.
McLaren, Mme. Fabbrl-Mullef, Mr. and Mis.
M. T . A.'- Mullen, Miss' Ardella Mills, Bert S.
Mullen, L. D. ¦ Mitchell; <' Wade Mahoney> Mrs.
M. Morris. Miss MacCloskey, P. A. Mahon,
H. L. Mlddleton.
Mri and Mrs. John McNaujtht, D.^L. Neu
man, MrJ and Mrs. George A. N'ewhall,' Mrt.
Newsom, W. O. Koonan, W. W. Naughton. ' k
Miss Van Orden. ¦'• - . • ¦
¦ James H., O'Brien., Dr. and Mrs. A. -P.
OBrt«n, Dr. and Mrs. O'Nell. ¦
Mr.- and Mrs.A. P. Porter of "Woodland. ¦ Miss
Mayllta Pease, -Mr. and Mrs. R." Hr? Pease,
George Palmer. Miss Pratt. Mrs. ,.A: - C- A.
Perkes, Mils Rose Pancost, Mre. L. Proud, N.
'B. Peterson, T. H." Parry, , O. Phelps, ' Mrs.
Pfluger. > ¦ * ' • .¦'-•":.'¦
«'C. -¦ H. -Renstrom.' Mr. '~and - Mrs. K. Warren
Runyou, Major -Rathbone and party. - OJge ;
Relchllr.g, J. A. Roach. A. J. JUch. David Rich.
MIes Marie Ruef. ' Miss . Henrietta Ruef. Abe
Ruef, Miss Pauline Ruef, Fred Rlccoml, Ge'drge
Rlccomi. Mr. and Mrs. George Robinson, Mrs.
Leota M. Ranous, Mr. and Mrs. James Robin-"
sou, Mr. and Mrs. J. , D. "Robertson* A. Roberts,
W.-W. Richards. W. Ridley Jr.
S: Belle Samuels, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Swain.
Leon SIoes and party. Mr. and Mrs.' Joseph
Spear, Mr. and- Mrs.- J. D. Sherwood Mr.' and
Mm. John D. Spreckels Jr.. Dr. and Mrs. James
F. Smith, Mr. and. Mrs. Ernest Simpson, Mrs.
C. A. : Smith, Herbert L. Schmltz, Miss 'Lou
Simmons; Mr. and Mrs. Ashton Stevens, Mrs.
M. Shannon, -Jerome Warren. Shannon, Miss
Mary Shannon, Samuel Salburg, Mr.' and Mrs.
J; A. Smith, E. Short." I>. Simon, W H. Ster
ling, S: Snyder, B.' G. Somerfi. ' *" = ¦¦¦ .
"JMr. and Mr*. Will Taylor, Mr. and Mrs/ Paul
Taylor, .Dr. F.- L. Talcott, Mr. and Mrs. Al
Tobln, G. S. Taylor.- ; .
E. .Vandehburg. - '.
O. C. Williams. Mr. «nd Mrsr H. A^ Watklns
Mr. and Mrs. Al. Walderstein, Mr. and- Mrs'
P. J. Wenlirer.A. L. Williams, Mr J.' Williams
Mr*. . G. M. Wright. ( T. iW.- Waldgrove W;
Weiner. L. E. Whalley, Mrs. M. Wall, Carleton
Wall.
j Mr. and • Mrs. John Zejl^. :
Will Have Entire Charge of
President Eoosevelt's Cam
paign in New York This Year
MME. ADELINA* PATTI AND
• BRILLIANT SCENE IN THE
"GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The representatives of Mahony and
Farnham abandoned the search after
midnijjht.' . •
.A. B. Mahony, the retiring County
Clerk, and John Farnham. retiring
Public Administrator, applied for in
junctions yesterday afternoon to have
John J. Gelf and Michael J. Hynes
restrained from taking their seats of
office to-day on the ground that the
petitioners were elected for four years,
and that they, still had two years to
serve. The cases went before Presid
ing Judge Kerrigan and he promptly
assigned them to Judge Hebbard.
Attorneys T. M. O'Connor and Louis
HlrschJ representing Mahony. and C.
M. Green; acting for Farnham. scoured
t the town, till" a late hour last nlaht.
anxiously seeking Hebbard. But their
efforts were of no avail, as the Judge
had disappeared completely. -
.. Mahony and Farnham. claim that as
county officials they, are entitled to
serve four yeari in the offices to which
they were' elected, and that therefore
Greif and Hynes have no right to as
sume charge. On these grounds the
two officials applied to Presiding Judge
Kerrigan for injunctions.'
In the meantime the attorneys rep
resenting Farnham and Mahony start
ed out on a still hunt after Hebbard
They visited every club and resort
where the Judge of ten. tarries, but he
was not among those present at any of
his favorite haunts. . His home was
closely watched, but the Judsre never
put in an appearance. His wife said
he had not been' home all day and cer
tainly would not return during the
night.
ODELL CHOSEN
STATE LEADER
Judge Cannot Be Found to
Issue Injunctions Against
J. J. Greif and M. J. Hynes
Rev. Edwin Kelly er Chicago, H. C. Knew
ing, George ; B. Keane. -. W. Chester ''•¦¦¦ Keogh
Henry I. Kowalsky, Dr. and Mrs. Knorp, a
Kendale, Mrs. A. E. Kelloff. J.-H. Koll, Col
onel G. Kovalski, Major and Mrs. Kopp, Mrs.
Ernestine Kraling, G. Kesseler." -- - -¦-
- l>: L. Long, "W. H. Leahy. Harry J. Lank,
William Lemmon. Mr. and Mrs. • T. . Lunstedt.
Mrs. William Lemmon, Judge William P. | Law
ler,. Mr. ; and Mrs. ¦¦¦ Benjamin F. • Lathroo, Mr.
and Mrs. John Lackmann, Mrs. , W. ( S. < Leake;
Mrs. J. Loughray. • ¦ -<•:.";.+¦ +
Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Mansfield, Mr. and Mrs.
Marcus Meyerfleld,. Miss Edna Mlddleton, • Mrs.
Clementine j Meyer, Mr. - Mid Mrs. . William • Ma>
gee, Mr. and' Mrs." John Morgan, Charles' Mor-'
Mr. and Mrs. M. G.- Jonas, Miss Rose Jacob
son, Mr. and, Mrs. Joseph S. Jordan,- L. John
won. •' •¦¦ . ' ; .
H. Hartman. G. Hyners, Mr. and Mrs. Hen
drlckson Jr.", N. W. Hood, L. K; Hagenkamp.
Miss Alice Hawr. Dr. E. K. Hopkins, Mr and
Mrs. Edward C. Harrison. C. Ar Hurst, Joseph
Harvey. " Mr. and Mrs. John Hurd,". J. Hotter
It. H. Handy, Mr. and Mrs. Philip Hastings'
Miss Ethel Hawker, F. ; B, Hultlng, Miss Ethel
Hager, Fred Holbrook.
Miss Gertrude Incham, Mr. and Mrs Wil
liam O. Irwln, Miss Irwfn. -' • • " '.-¦¦¦
R. Gardner, A. C. Griffith. Joseph McGenzer
H. H.' Guttereon. Mr. and Mrs.- Glass, Dr. a'
H. . Glannir.l. Donald de V. Graham. Frank
Goad, Mr. and- Mrs. Frederic - S. * Grcenlee
Thomas A. Goodwin, Frank Gould, H. Gowen
G. J. Gallo, F.H.- Gould- and party. Mr. and
Mrs. Clarence- H. Gray, Mr. 1 and Mrs. Otto
Grcenwald, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Gruenber*
O. D. Grimes. ¦,* ¦ ¦¦ ¦ • : •
In Mr. and Mrs. Black's party were Mr. and
Mrs. J, Spreckels, Ml«i Mabel Cluft, J. C. Wil
son, Mln de Ycun*. Miss Landers; Fred Green
wood and Edward M. Greenway.
Lodse 1— Mayer and Mrs. E. E. Schmltz, Mr.
and Mri. Iteneen, Miss Marie Ruef, Miss M.
Ruef, Mies A. Ruer. Miss Nellie Dinan.
Lodge 2 — Mr. and Mrs. Jerome Hart --"W. J.
Byrne, Dr. H. J. Stewart and E, Grace.
Mr. and Mrs. C. WV Allsky, A. Abrams,
Lieutenant Governor Alden Anderson and
wife, L. Alexander,'. J. W. E.» Allen, N." E.
Ames CD. Allen. C V. Armstrong, A. Al
* L - B » -Ames, Mr, and 1 Mrs. Charles L.
AcKerman. ¦;.•- . »„..
A. J. Buckley, John P. Barrett. John Bry
w^ •$*"• £* a Mr ** Mt ? es Balrd. Mr. and Mrs.
w ' W. Burnett, Mrs. Captain Bradley, Mr.
and Mrs. Arthur Barendt, Dr. and Mrs. Charles
Boxton, H. u. Brandensteln, Major and John
Bigelow. M. Bernstein. J. W. Ball, H." 3.
Backman, Miss Buckley, W. T. Burns M.
Brownlee, E. C. Brown, L. Bright. Mrs. George
«t k M , rs - A - Botkln. 'Mr. and Mrs. Harry
S 1 " h J?P. C°I°nel P. E. Beck. H. Baddock, Mrs.
I. E 't. ? ro * n ' Mrs. Alexander Brown, Mr. and
Mrs. William Blake of Palo Alto.
V, ' E -" Clark,' 'O. Costl&an, Morton L. Cook,
Mr. and Mrs. F. T. Crellins. Dr. R. L. Cox,
MIeb Clare Conovan. Dr. R. H. Cool E. H.
Currier, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Carpenter. Mr.
and Mrs. Arthur Carroza, J. . Cope. L,. Mc-
Cartllns. - Judge and Mrs. Charles T. Conlan,
T. E. Collins, Miss Jeanne Chandler, Mr. and
Mre. E.J. Carpenter. Mr- and Mrs. William
Clu«. Miss Hilda Cloush, Mrs. Maud Cowan
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Campbell, James W..Cot
froth. Dr. Guldo Cagllerl.
Mr. and Mrs.- P. F. Dunne, Mr. ana Mrs.
Henry W. Dlnkclsnlel. Mlts -Bernlee- Drown,
B.. H. Dickey, Miss Dunphy, Mr. - and Mrs.
Frank Deerins, Thomas Dwyer, MIbs Dwyer
Hon. Frank H. Dunne. Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Dunphr,'. Mr. and Mrs. H. G., W. Dinkelaplel,
Mr. and Mrs. Jerrold Drlscoll. Btrs. C. E. Dra
per, W. 8. Dayton, Joseph. Dally, Sahron Doe
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. de Hart.
G. Ellis, W. D. Egley, C.' Ernest, Joseph
Eber. ,Mlss Freda Eber, Mrs." Augusta .Evans,
Grant Forrest. Mr. and Mrs. • F. - A. Folger
W. W. Foote, Miss Farren. . . .
Box 6— Miss Marie G. Klein, Miss Josephine
U. Hoffman, Mrt. E. B. Painter, Mlsa Helno,
Georee Klein, "Mrs. G. O. Root.
"Erava! Brava! 1 ' cried the men and
women waved their dainty handker
chiefs or beat the palms of their
gloved hands. Repeated returns of the
singer to the stage did not quell the
tumult of applause, and Patti once
again delighted her admirers by sing
ing "Coming Through" the Rye" with
all the dainty gestures that character
ized her rendition of the song when
she first sang in San Francisco. ,
Again and again the diva was
forced ' to return and bow her
acknowledgments, and finally reap
peared with her traveling cloak. over
her shoulders and kissed, her .hands
to fhe audience that was still cheer
ing wildly. . V .
• Then the vast gathering, of men and
women filed slowly out into the street,
many with the echo in their ears of
a voice they had listened to for the
first time, while others thought of the
changes. in their livps wrought by re
lentless Father k Time since the day
that first gave them an opportunity
of hearing the faultless voice of the
diva. Adelina Patti. '"
Madame Patti and her husband,
Baron Cederstrom, accompanied by
their servants, boarded the private
car Cralg-T-Nos last night at the
Third and Townsend i streets : depot
They will leave this morning on the
coast limited for Lbs Angeles and the
concert company will depart to-nlgtfit
for the southland on the "owl" train.
The final Patti concert willtake place
in this city next Monday afternoon.
The receipts of the concert given last
night were a trifle more than $11,000.
bo bumble, there's .no place like
home."
Patti's voice quivered with emo
tion as she finished j the song, and
there were tears in her eyes also. For
a second after the eong died away,
the audience sat as if under a spell
and then it was broken.
AUDIENCE CHEERS WILDLY.
HUNT IN VAIN
FOR HEBBARD
: It was not Mr. Hegner*s fault that
his. 'cello solos, Lalo, Hegner and Pop
per, fell on rather Indifferent ears.
He Is an artist of accomplishment,
with a light but agreeable tone, but
even If he had given something more
interesting than his too tight group it
would have been Just the same. Mr.
Cunningham followed, an" excellent
barytone. He sang in smooth and emi
nently dramatic fashion Verdi's "Eri
tu," giving .an encore to a very en
thusiastic demand. He was honorably
re-encored. Miss Zamels then 'played
the Preislied and then came again
Mme. Patti.
Transposed as it is there are' none
of us who have heard the "Jewel Song"
sung with livelier charm by .even Sem
brich or Melba. It was a revelation.
Then came "Home. Sweet Home" and
madame bowed to her smiling husband
after her greeting. It was not until
"Coming Through the Rye" that .she
aulte flung off all restraint. -That she
sang and acted until the house was a
unit of Idolatry. She came out until
she was tired. Then came on in her
shawl. Then in her purple opera cloak
and at last disappeared. It was a
Patti night. -
BLANCHE PARTINOTON.
They took a big breath then, and then
came the little woman who has reigned
In* the song realm for the unexampled
period of forty-flve years. Fourteen
years . ago she came here, then on a
farewell tour. She sang then her in
comparable "Vloletta" In "Traviata,"
brought "Lakme" with its "Bell Song,"
"Semiramls," and the city was capitu
late. Last night it seemed as though
she might do- the same thing ten years
hence for the conquering of a new city.
"With her characteristic little trip, she
came on, holding up her cloth of silver
gown in her old, pretty way* One
heard the old-time sigh, "She looks Just
the same," the young folk wonder.- as
Patti bowed her auburn head. , Fifty,
one might- give . her, . a youthful, fifty.
Her eyes, dark and brighW are still full
of .fire. Her small ladyship Is stouter,
but only becomingly so. and her voice!
If one could imagine It possi&!e, Patti
was a IlttFe nervous as 'a&pcame' fft
greet us last night. There'was perhaps
appeal in her dark eyes as- she lifted
them to the sea of faces a-front. i She
came, not to an audience of Idolaters
as in the old days, but to a house to
whom her name was largely a lovely
myth. Sensitive, as is eveFy great art
ist. It is not to be wondered at that
she felt the doubt in the atmosphere.
But after the first few notes she knew
she had us, and at the Califoralan,
shout after the "Home, Sweet Home."
she preened herself like the bird she is,
and sang "Comin' Thro' the Rye" until
the house rocked.
Here' was still the historic voice one
felt, gold and honey, roundness itself
and flowing like syrup from a pitcher.
As Patti herself says, she never at
tempts to do the impossible. Therefore
the Faust "Jewel Song" was transposed
until its lower notes were a chocolate
ccntralto. Cadenzas the singer does not
attempt and tempos are taken easily.
One felt the breath a little short occa
sionally and the high notes, alas! have
taken flight. But rarely does one feel
this, the singer keeping wonderfully
within her limits. And withal, despite
every tradition and in violation of
every physical law. this woman of
sixty-something still has the noblest
note of them all. "-'.', •,
• She fittingly began with Mozart s
"Voi che Sapete." and to hear It was an
education. Her phrase is the ultimate
of phrasing, her enunciation the art
itself, her shading the very color ot
song's perfection. She was of course
encored, and 'twas "The Last Rose of
Summer" she sang. But it was in
"Robin- Adair." the second encore, that
th* deeper Patti was felt. The audience
yelled after it until Fatti's auburn head
was tired of bowing.
Miss Vera Margollesy pianist of the
company; followed, with a robust hand
ling of the Llzst Rhapsodle . No. 12.
Even for this famous old war horse,
brilliantly enough handled by Miss
Margolies. the audience had an encore,
with Patti to follow.
How is Patti? Ask those— if you
were not of the Joyful band— who made
the- house rock last night after her
•'Comln' Thro' the Bye." Has she any
voice- left? j Ha* «hjsu los.t .any? one
mi«ht -reply. Hardly would jroa get
any.- of the great audience ..that last
night greeted the still, greatest; singer
the world knows to acknowledge so
much- The old-timer, with tears of
delight, protested^she had never sung
better. Which., was always ,the way
with Patti; the last time always the
best. Nay! the .old-timer proclaimed
that the diva had:, never in certain
things sung so. well! "And -one was
quite ready to believe him.
..She -came -fifth, on the programme,
with "Voi che SapeteT as her number.
¦Half ''fearful, the old-timer, trembling
for the reception of hla former divin
ity, the younger afraid of disillusion
ment, the audience listened leisurely
to the opening numbers. An interesting
trio by Widor, who Is, however, less In
teresting here than in his brilliant or
gan symphonies, opened the pro
gramme with Miss Boxa Zamels. Miss.
Vera Margolles and Mr. Anton Hegner
to Its rendering- The audience also
listened, patiently, to an indifferent
handling of the Gounod "Lend Me
Your Aid," by Mr. Wilfrid Virgo. For
Miss Roza Zamela, who is a very pleas-
Ing violinist, supple of bow, nimble of
left hand and with a finish and matur
ity of style marred only by a little ten
dency to sentimentalism, the house de
layed the Patti entrance by three en
cores. Miss Zamels gave Wleniawakl's
"Airs Russes,"- her temperamental ren
dering lending new Interest to the fa
miliar number. .She responded in kind
to the ' enthusiastic • encore. _
New Admirers Say Singer
Is the Greatest of
Present Age.
Old-Timers Declare the
Diva's Voice as Pure
as of Yore.
ADELINA PATTI, QUEEN OF SONG, REAPPEARS AT OPERA-HOUSE
AND IS WELCOMED WITH PLAUDITS AND TRIBUTES OF FLOWERS
Fashionables Gather to
Hear the. Famous *
Cantatrice.
Every Seat in Theater Is
Sold Befo're'JDoors
Are Opened.
San Francisco, represented' ' by its
wealth, beauty, culhire and education,
once again laid a' tribute" at thtf feet of
the Queen of Song-.lasf night, r when
Mme. Adelina Patti. ; Baroness Cede
strom, reappeared at the; Gr^nd Opera
house in thp : first o( her farewell con
certs in this city. •
It was a Patti" nfeht as of yore, and
Patti nights are few and far between
in any city. , Not even the days when
the world-famous diva first appeared
in San Francisco did she receive a
more, hearty welcome or please her au
dience any better.
. Men and women who heard the al
vjr.e artist ten, twenty and aye, thirty
and more vears ago, marveled and
wondered if this could be the same pe
tite songstress who had charmed them
in the past.
There was but one general thought
in the minds of the vast audience that
filled the Grand Opera-bouse last night
arid that was that Adelina Patti is still
the Quetn of Song and that another
such as she may never " e Iieard.
GUARD SAFETY* OF AUDIENCE.
The audience commenced to arrive at
the opera-house when the doors were
opened at 7:20. The police arrange
ments were perfect and everything pos
sible was done to insure .he safety of
the spectators. Captain of Police Spil
lane had forty picked men under his
command and they were placed both in
front of and inside t" i opera-house.
Chief Sulliran of the Fire Department
sent a dozen men vflto patrolled the
house, and detective officers were also
on hand in all parts of the theiter.
There was an elaborate display of
the modiste'F art and some very
charming gowns were worn by promi
nent members of the fair sex. Evening
dress for men was de rigueur. The early
coiners followed the usual g^and opera
custom by taking up places of vantage
in the foyer and watching the arrival
of the crowds.
It was 8:30 last night ere the curtain
ascended and disclosed a pretty stage
setting of a drawing-room. There was
no orchestra, only a grand piano to
furnish accompaniments to the singer
and other artists who appeared.
Of course the appearance of Madame
Patti was the chief attraction of -the
evening. The audience was in friendly
mood and gave to all the associates of
the diva a cordial welcome.
DIVA TKIPS ON* STAGE.
"Patti is coming now" was the whis
per that ran through 'the house as the
gTand piano was put in place. There
tFMM a hush and then a roar of plaudits
as the famous songstress lightly, trip
ped upon the stage arrayed in a beauti
ful evening gown.
A few chords from the grand piano
and then the voice of the diva rang
clear and true through the vast eudi
torlum in llozart's "Voi che -Sapete,"
from "Le Nozze di Figaro."
•'Marvelous!" was the ejaculation of
the great audience of men and women
all-over the theater when the song
ended and the einger bowed # to the re
peated plaudits. . ......
Again and again she was called to the
stage, and then a remarkable scene
was ' witnessed. Patti sang as an en
core bxr favorite ballad, "The Last
Rose of Summer," and when the last
notes died away men and women rose
from their seats and pelted the smiling
artist with a deluge of California flow
ers. Bunches of flowers fell from the
boxes and were thrown from the or
chestra srats, the tribute of men and
women of the Golden State to the wo
man who has charmed millions and
whose voice has trilled aroundthe civ
ilized world.
Round after round of cheers greeted
the singer and she was forced to re
turn to the stage and finally was com
pelled to sing "Robin Adair" ere the
audience was satisfied.
There was no interval In the concert,
and when' Madame Patti again ap
peared as scheduled on the programme
she was again given a reception that
made the rafters of the building fairly
ring.
WIXS TEARS AS A TRIBUTE.
Up to the very roof of the opera
riouse soared the bird-like tones of
the singer and the enunciation rang
true of the sacred lines, "be it ever
The selection from "Faust" was
barely ended when the audience de
manded the return of their favorite.
There must have been some magnetic
impulse flashed from the body of the
house to the singer, for on all sides
were beard Quiet expressions "If she
would only sing 'Home, Sweet Home/."
And then Madame PattI, without mu
sic, turned to the. accompanist and
whispered to him and the piano strains
of the sad aria sounded through the
theater and the cheering was renewed.
The songstress raised her head, and
n. strange hush fell upon the audience.
Patti sans "Home, Sweet Home" as
only Patti can sins it, and men and
women thought of the long years
gone by when they had listened to the
same song by the same singer. Mem
ories of dear ones departed filled 'the
mind and dozens of the audience
could be seen quietly wiping the tears
from their eyes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO., 'CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, : 1901.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
liilii
818-820 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO.
REOPENINC
of 6un
Music Department.
For our opening sale, "SAT-
URDAY" (to-morrow) we have
selected the following SIX BIG
H ITS, which sell regularly at 25c
and 30c; "SATURDAY" they
will be sold at 18c each: RO-
MONA (by Johnson), FLOW-
ERS AND PALMS, BEAUTI-
FUL VENICE WALTZ, IF
YOU BUT KNEW, MY* RED
CARNATION, LAUGHING
WATER. . ;
All Other Music J£ OffGas ranges Jll and upward, heaters
$1.50 at San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, 415 Post street. •
SARANAC LAKE. N\ Y..Jan. 7.— Carl Cor
don a biothfr-ln-law of Daniel R. ' Hanna of
Cleveland. . O., . accidentally shot and killed
himself here last nisht.
Sheriff-elect Peter J.. Curtis last
night announced the names of the
men who will' be under him for the
next two") years.' In hall, sixty-four
were appointed, Including Under Sher
iff-William D. Hynes.. Sig Simon was
retained as head bookkeeper of 'the
office, as was expected; Frank Drury
was aDDointed attorney, and James J.
William i>. HyncaAVUl Be Under Sher
iff and. Frank ;Drury. Attorney. -
CURTIS NAMES ASSISTANTS.
As a result of these examinations
6C8 appointments were made, as fol
lows: Auditor. 8*6, Election Commission
14&, Fire Commission 84, Department of
Electricity 4". Board of Health 14, Po
lice Commission 98, Board of Public
Works 65, Tax Collector 38. .
A lengthy report wa3 filed with the
clerk of the Board of Supervisors yes
terday by the. Civil Service Commis
sioners. The report shows that since
January, 1903. the commission has held
thirteen written, seven medical and
two athletic examinations for positions
in the departments of Health. Public
.Works. Fire. Police and general ser
vice.
Board Enlightens ; Supervisors in Re
enrd to Its Work for Year
" Jjtxat Past.
ANNUAL. REPORT OP CIVIL
? I - , SERVICE COMMISSION
, Emil Pohli. the former stenographer,
resigned a. short time ago_ in order to
attend to his law; business, which has
increased so as to require the whole
of his time. Mr. Pphli retires with the
good wishes of all persons brought into
contact with him.
J. Frank Murphy resigned to accept
a position as lineman for the telephone
company. His «>lace was filled by the
appointment of John Sherman, former
ly a pc-rter in the Winchester Hotel.
Coroner Leland yesterday made the
following appointments for .his office
and the Morgue during the term for
which he has been re-elected: Chief
deputy, Peter J.' McCormick; autopsy
surgeon. Dr. Louis D. Bacigalupi; ste
nographer, Sidney B. Yemen: deputies
— John -P. Fennell, Michael J. Brown,
Charles W. Meehan: messengers —
James R; Murphy, David M. Shea:n
and John Sherman; matron, Miss Sarah
Tierney. ' , <C -^
Stenographer Emll Pohll and Messen
ger Frank Murphy. Resljrn.
CORONER'S N'EW OFFICE FORCE.
'¦'., Upon * the foundation; In 1869, of the
University of California, then located
in Oakland, He entered that institution,
•and was graduated with honors in 1873,
in Berkeley, -from the "college of civil
Lawrence F. Walsh, reappointed to
the Board of Education, was . born in
this city thirty-eight years ago. He re
ceived his education at St. Ignatius
College and upon .leaving" that institu
tlpn entered the employment" of Mur
phy, Grant '& Co.; where he remained
for , twelve rears. • He* then became a
member of the firm of Arnold & Walsh,
haberdashers. x •
Mr. Walsh is well, known in fraternal
circles; • being a member of the Elks,
Knights of Columbus, the Native Sons
and - other organizations. His wide
business experience' has been of inval
uable service' to ; his colleagues on the
Board of Education.
• J. George Boyne, the new Fire Com
rrjlsfloner, was born in San Francisco
in 1853 and. has lived continuously at
1045 Powell .street in the Forty-fourth
Assembly District during all that time.
He has been a prominent Republican
all his life and a recognized leader of
his party in the Forty-fourth District
for many years. . He was a stanch sup
porter of. Mayor Schmitz in both cam
paigns and did no small part In assist
ing to elect him. . He_has* been in the
newspaper business, having filled at
various times, the - position of manager
of the mailing departments of several
newspapers. -He" was a* director in the
Republican Primary League. He is a
union-labor man, being a member of
the San Francisco, Mailers' Union .No.
IS, and takes ah active part in several
fraternal societies^
Thomas Patterson Woodward, new
Commissioner of Public Works; was
born in Philadelphia.; Pa.y but has lived
in : San : Francisco ; since j infancy. •¦ His
father,' the .late William A. Woodward,
and his uncle, the late Frederick Mac-
Crelllsh, were , - associated for. many
years In the publication of the Alta
California, the pioneer: newspaper of
this city.- '¦' '-' : ¦'•-'¦¦ ;
* — — ; — *
Erie No. 5. Order of Eagles, and of
Court California No. 4, F. of A.
REAPPOIXTS BUSINESS 'MAX.
Wilkerson's attorney said yesterday
when notified that a decision had been
rendered against him that he would
take an appeal from the decision on the
ground that the actress was not a resi
dent of this city. /
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Robert William Jones from
Xellie G. Jones (nee Pearce). for deser
tion: Mahalla Ley from J. F. Ley. for
neglect, and George Everett from Eliz
abeth Everett, for desertion.
: Suits for divorce on the ground of
desertion were filed by Helen Henk
against Robert Henk and Annie
Brewen-asrainst C. W. Brewen. Neglect
Is charged in the. complaint filed by
Regina Hitchcock against Isaac M.
Hitchcock, and in the complaints filed
by Henry A. Reid against Mary J.
Reid and Clarence E. Sayles against
Mary A. Sayles, intemperance is
charged. ' •;
The final curtain was rung down yes
terday by Judge Murasky on th»
tragedy • or farce comedy ¦ in which
Maude Amber Wilkerson, leading lady
at Fischer's Theater, and Ira Puerl
Wilkerson, her husband, were the prin
cipal actors. He granted Maude's
prayer for a decree of divorce on tha
ground of Infidelity, thereby branding
as "the truth • and nothing but the
truth" Ovita Leathe-Hawas' story of
Wilkerson's lcv« for Myrtle Rosedale.
a buxom, dark-eyed, black-haired mem
ber of hl3 company. In rendering his
judgment Judge Murasky decided that
the plaintiff must pay the court costs
Incurred by her. •
Thomas McGuire, Election Commis
sioner, is a native of County Louth,
Ireland, and is 32 years of age. He is
the treasurer of the Millm'en's Union
and a prominent member of the Build
ing Trades Council. He; Is prominent
in many fraternal organizations and
has been past grand president of the
Young Men's Catholic Union of Cali
fornia. . He has resided.Jn San Fran
cisco for the last twenty-five years, and
is conspicuous in labor union . circles.
He is at present employed as a ma
chine hand at the Union Iron Works.
E. C. Lefflngwell, Election Commis
sioner, was born in Green Bay, WIs.,
in 1875. and was reared in Milwaukee,
Wis.-t where he graduated from the
public schools and Markham's Acad
emy, and then attended the Uni
versity. He embarked in the newspa
per business in Milwaukee, went from
there- to Chicago and from that place
came' to this city. He has served in
various reportorial capacities. Mr.
Lefflngwell is interested in the cause of
organized labor and has been identified
with the movement In this city, serving
In the* last campaign as the secretary
of the Schmitz Central Club.
Dr. William A. Harvey was born In
Missouri thirty-seven years ago. He
came to : California in 1884 and grad
uated from the California Medical.Col
lege in the year 188S. He attended the
California College of Pharmacy, de
partment of the State University, dur
ing 1S99-90. He also graduated
from the St. Louis College of Physicians
and . Surgeons, St. Louis,' Mo., in 1895.
He has since graduated from the Cali
fornia Medical College. He has been
connected' with that institution as an
instructor. For the last four years he
has filled the chair of the principles and
practice, of- medicine.but has recently
been elected professor of gynecology-in
the same institution.
Dr. Harvey Is a member of the San
Francisco County Society of Physi
cians and Surgeons, also of the. Eclectic
Medical Society of the State of * Cali
fornia, and has been in active practice
of his profession in this city since 1888.
He is a member of the Masonic frater
nity, a past grand of Golden Gate
Lodge. I. O. O. F.:.a member of San
Francisco Tent "No; 18, K. O.' T. M.;
which Institution he graduated in 1892
with highest honors. After leaving
college he took up the study of medi
cine. • He graduated from the Cooper
Medical College in December, 1896, and
has practiced medicine, in this city
since. He has b^iilt u'p a large prac
tice through his painstaking and con
scientious methods.
C. J. Williams. Civil Service Commis
sioner, was born in this city and has
always taken an active interest in
labor affairs. He i? president of the
Bookbinders' Union and was chairman
of the late Union Labor party conven
tion.
Judge Ifurasky Says Actress
Is Entitled to a Decree on
the Gronnd of Infidelity
Dr. John V. Hughes, appointed on
the Board of Health, was born In this
city thirty ago and was educated
in St. Mary's College, Oakland, from
Thomas Reagan, reappointed Police
Commissioner, is a member of the La
borers' Protective. Union and resides al
ICLO Folsom street. Mr. 1 Reagan was
born in Ireland in 1859 and has lived
in San Francisco for eighteen years.
NAMED ON* HEALTH BOARD.
Adolph B. Spreckels. who was reap
pointed on the Park Commission, gave
efficient service as president of that
body. His reappointment is a tribute
to the great interest he has always
taken in the affairs of Golden Gate
Park. :,. r -;-.: .. .-.. ; . .
schools of this city, and when 18 years
of age went to work for The Call. For
a period of twenty years Boyle contin
ued in the service of this newspaper,
and was then called to the Bulletin,
with which publication he was identi
fied for seven years. . In this time Mr.
Boyle came to be well known through
out /he State and for many years he
has occupied a prominent 1 and respect
ed position in the world of commerce
and affairs'. A Democrat in politics, hw
took no especially active interest in the
election of public officers until his life
long friend, Eugene E. Schmitz. went
before the people. He then exerted
every influence in behalf of the present
Mayor and has worked untiringly for
the success of two Schmitz campaigns.
Among the newspap.er men of San
Francisco Thomas Boyle is' held in the
highest esteem. . . *.-•.'„
James A. Devoto, Election Commis
sioner, was born in San Francisco July
29, 186?. He went to the public school,
taking the full course of study in the
High School, and thereafter entered
the Hastings College of Law.- He was
admitted to practice law by the Su
preme Court of the State of California
on May 5, 1890, his, license being with
held until he became of age on June 29,
1890. He then went to Europe and de
voted a year 1 and a half 4.0 classical
study. Returning home, he entered
upon the practice of law in partnership
with ex-District Judge E. D. Wheeler,
and this lasted. until Judge Wheeler's
death In January, ' 1S95. , His "present
association is with W. A. Richardson.
He is a member of California Comman
dery No. 1, Knights Templar; Alcalde
Parlor No. 154, N. S. G. W., and has
held the office of grand trustee of the
order last named --for two years. He
was president of the Schmitz Central
Club during the last campaign.
"William J. Dingee, the new Park
Commissioner, was prortlinent in the
affairs of Oakland until he moved to
this cltythree years lago.- Mr. Dingee
is president of the Contra Costa Water
Company and has. always, been identi
fied with large enterprises. .
FORTUNATE FRIENDS OF MAYOR EUGENE E. SCHMITZ WHO
HAVE BEEN APPOINTED MEMBERS OF .VARIOUS MUNICIPAL
BOARDS AND COMMISSIONS. TO TAKE EFFECT TO-DAY.
GIVES FREEDOM
TO MAUDE AMBER
Guards— X. C. ¦; Weinholz, M. O' Sullivan.
James Glnty, Warren Tyson.- John Kelly, Joseph
Donovan. J. Sartoris. P. Cassldy, C. O'Shea.
Frank Connolly. J. de Laveaga. James Man
ning. C.Ccakley. A. C. Ohlsen, T. Lownty.
Raymond Nolan. Charles Rtrykor, George Caf
fery. John McDono.ugh. .Thcmas Dcyle, John
Tracy. Edward McCormlck.
Sis I". Simon, chief bookkeeper.
Deputies— Joseph Mogan. Eugene F. Lacy.
Abraham Solomon, John F.' Feehan. John T.
Renault. Edward C. Pries. Charles Dugan.
Archibald L*nkey. Frank J. Ooyle. Michael
Fay. Mario Forno. Frank J. O'Reilly, George
KrimphofT. J. K. Sullivan. Jesse A. Galland,
John C. GrKfin, Harry A. KnoXj^Anthcny QHlll.
.lames liorlarity. Charles Melnert. D*nls J.
Sul!lvan,"John J. Smith. N\ T. Duffy. John J.
Holland. Edward J. Kerwln. Richard Curtis,
James Stevens. Arthur G. Brophy. D. O. KtnR«
ley. Lewis F. McMnnu?. J. D. McCarthy. Otto
L*mcke, James McHush. Matthew Connolly,
T:d-.\arJ Green«. ¦ Martin Welch, A. Robertson,
T AVhelan. John O'Brien.
He did not speak on reform at all.
but stated that the office would be
conducted in a businesslike manner
and any employe who reported for
duty intoxicated or became intoxicat
ed while on duty would be dismissed
from the service. Attending the races
during office hours was also put under
the ban. Following is a list of the
men who will serve under Sheriff Cur
tis:
"William D. Hynes. i-nder sheriff.
Frank G. Drury. attorney.
.Tames J. Donovan, superintendent of jails.
Donovan will hereafter be the super
intendent of jails. • \
Tha new appointees of the Sheriff
will assemble at the deputies* .room
this morning at 9 o'clock and be
sworn in. They will be then assigned
to their various places. Sheriff Cur
tis delivered a short speech, in which
he told his appointees' Just what was
expected of them when they were on
duty.
The Park Commissioners , will hold a
regular meeting this afternoon. It is
probable that William J. \ Dingee. who
was appointed to succeed .JasDer. Mc-
Donald./ will attend the session.
The reappointment of A. B. Spreckels
gives general satisfaction. Mr. Spreck
els recently ordered from Tokio all the
articles necessary for the complete
equipment of the Japanese lea garden
in Golden -Gate Park. The place will
be fitted up In true Japanese style.
Robert Irwln, brother of the late Ad
miral Irwin and former Commissioner
from .Hawaii • to -Japan, was ; reauested
to purchase, the tea garden. equipment.
The expense incident to the purchase
of the articles and the shipment to this
city will be sustained by Mr. Spreckels.
The Mayor remarks that the Com
missioners who were reaonointed
gained recognition by their efforts to
promote harmony and efficiency in the
management of , municipal affairs. He
also maintains that the non-partisan
spirit of the charter was respected in
the selection' of men to serve "on the
several commissions. ;
Health Officer, Dr. Denis F. Ragan
vice Dr. A. P. O'Brien.
Chief emergency surgeon, Dr. G. F.
Brackett, vice Dr. Edwin Bunnell.
City Physician, Dr. T. A. Rottanzi,
vice Dr. J. G. Morrissey.
Superintendent City and County Hos
pital, John N. Elbert, vice Dr. R. S.
McElroy. *\
Superintendent Alm3house, Frank A.
Schmitz, vice W. J. Kelly.
Matron Aljrishouse," Mrs. Frank A.
Schmitz, v'oe Mrs. P. A. Reddy.
Mayor Schmitz has reappointed
George B. Keane to be his private sec
retary and Walter Trefts stenographer,
both of whom have proven. . their effi
ciency in their respective positions.
TO PROMOTE IIARMOXW
engineering,' as one of the first class to
complete a four years' course iri the
university./- V, . ¦ ,-.
In" ,1886, under the old rejcime, when
there- "were --twelve . members of the
board, Mr. Woodward was first elected
School Director, and served in that ca
pacity from* 1887 untir 1892, inclusive.
TO HEAD COMMISSION*. .
. Commissioner John'Roger8,wIll,«ln all
probability,- be re-elected j president of
the Civil 'Service •Commission and Dr.
*James .Ward will be made president of
the, new Board .of Health. Commis
sioner Woodward will be chosen presi
dent of the Board of Public Works "and
as. such will • succeed Commissioner
Casey of the Board of Health, the presi
dent on the Board of Public Works be
ing, ex-offlcio a .member of the Health
Board. Casey will lose two presiden
cies, that of the Health Board and
Board of Public Works, though he will
.retain his membership for. one year
longer on the last named body.
School Director Roncovieri will be
elected president- of the .Board of Edu
cation for the ensuing year, succeeding
President Woodward, whose year's
term as such expired yesterday.
.Thomas Egan.. at. present storekeeper
of the 1 School Department, w-ill be ap
pointed gas and .water .• inspector by
the Board of, Public Works to succeed
Otis M. Tupper. Ijy-.all probability John
Oil Fitzgerald will be appointed to fill
the vacancy in the storekeepershlp
created by v Kgan's promotion.'
v Emmet Barrett, secretary of the
Board of Education, and Raleigh P
Hooe and Charles A. Berhner, assistant
secretaries; Herman Armer, usher, and
Miss • M. F. Cusick, stenographer, will
retain their positions.
WORKS BOARD SECRETARY.
Morris Levy will be appointed secre
tary of the Board of Public Works to
succeed Nicholas Jortall, who has re
signed.
In all likelihood the following ap
pointments will be made by the Health
Board: . . .
Thomas F. Boyle, the new School Di
rector, was born in Boston. Mass.. and
came to this State in 1SG2, when a
child. He was educated in the public
The newly appointed Commissioners
will gather in the Mayor's office this
.morning at 3 o'clock to receive their
commissions, file their bonds and take
their oaths of office. They will then
be introduced to their fellow Commis
sioners, nfter which the boards and
• ommisEion? will meet to reorganize
by the election of new presidents.
XEW SCHOOL DIRECTOR.
Those incumbents who were reap
polgtwl by the Mayor are Adolph B.
Spredceb on the Park Commission.
Laurence F. Walsh on the Board of
ilducruion and Thomas Reagan on the
Police Cofn mission.
, r > o'clock yesterday afternoon, was
confident that he would be appointed
lire Commissioner to succeed Watt.
At that hour, however, Daughney, who
had been sent for by the Mayor, ap
peared ?.t the latler's private office
:ind was informed that he would have
t<» be satisfied with one of the vacan
cies on the Election Commission.
Daushnpy. who had all along been
jiven positive assurance that he would
c« trained on the Fire Commission,
jjosMJvely refused to accept any other
cpnofn'ment, and he was thereupon
thrived entirely. i-i-'v;
>ho failed to be rewarded by Mayor
Schmilz for services, real or imagin
nr>\ was John Daughney, who. "up to
The surprise of the day was the ap
pointment of School Director Wood
ward on the Board of Public Works.
he having resigned from the Board of
Education to accept the new office
for which the Mayor had selected
him. Up to 1 oVlock yesterday morn
ing: Woodward had not been consid
ered for the place at all. it beinsr the
Mayors desire to name Election Com
missioner Thomas F. Boyle as Com
missioner of Works, notwithstanding
the charter provision prohibiting the
appointment of an Election Commis
sioner to any other municipal office
within one year after the expiration
of the term for which he was appoint
ed. At the hour named at a conference
at the Mayor's residence, at. which
were present A. Ruef and Woodward,
ihe Mayor decided to put Woodward
en ihe Board of Public Works.
The Mayor was disinclined to fly in
the face of the charter, but finally
made up his mind to appoint Thomas
Boyle on the Board of Education. The
salary of a Commissioner of Works is
?4000 per year for a term of three
> ?nrs, while the salary of a School
Director is $3000 a year for a term
of four years, so the financial emolu
ments are identical.
The most disappointed man of all
SURPRISE OF THE DAY.
Members Board of Health — Dr.
William A. llar\ey. vice Dr. V. V.
Buckles, term expired; Dr. John V.
Hughes, vice Dr. R. W. Bauni, term
expired.
Police Commissioner — Thomas Rca
;jan (Union I^abor and Democrat),
vk-e himself, term expired.
Civil Sor»ice Commissioner —
<:harles J. Williams (Union Latbor and
Democrat), vice P. II. McCarthy, term
expired.
I "ire Commissioners — J. George
I'.-M n«' ( In ion Labor and Republican),
\ie*« Rolla V. Watt, term expired.
Park Commissioners — Adolnh B.
Spreckels (Republican), vice himself,
term expired: William .1. Dln?ec (Re
publican), vice Jasper McDonald.
term expired.
Election Commissioners— James A.
Devoto (Democrat), vice Jeremiah
l>ea«y. term expire*!: Elmore C I>ef
finzvwlt ( I nion Labor and Socialist).
\ice Olixer Kvereit, term expired:
Thoma? McGuJre (Union liibor and
Democrat), vice Thomas Boyle, re
signed.
Commissioner of Public 'Works— j
Thomas P. Woodward (Repnblican), j
vior Marsden Manson. term expired.
Members of the Board of Kducation !
— Ijiwrrnce P. Walsh (Democrat),
t ive- himself, term expired: Thomas f.
Boyle ( Democrat), vice Thomas P.
Woodward, resigned.
Mayor Schmitz, late last evening, I
announced the names of those whom
he had selected for appointment? to ,
lacencies on the various municipal;
boards and commission? caused by j
the expiration of terms. The list iol- i
lows: i
Turns:Down John-Daugh
ney at Eleyenth Hour f or
; Promised [Office. [
JPuts A;; B. .Spreckels, 'T.
Reagan- and: Lv-FiiWalsh
: in : 01d Positions.
MAYOR SCHMITZ ANNOUNCES HIS SELECTIONS
FOR APPOINTMENTS ON THE MUNICIPAL BOARDS
Makes Thomas P. Wood
. ward Commissioner of
Public Works.
Rewards Thomas F. Boyle
With a School Direc
torship.
THE SAX FRANCISCQLCALL^ .FRIDAY. JANUARY .8. ; r 1904.
7
EL>IORE C. ' LEFFIXGVVELL.
» THOMAS: McGUIRE. .
Fire- Commissioner.
J. > GEORGE . BO YN E.
Park Commissioner. 1 !. '
ADOI.PII.B. SPRECKELS.
. AVIIXIAM j. DIXGEE. .
Civil Scrvict* Commissioner.
CHARLES J. WILLIAMS.
Police Commissioner.
THOMAS REAGAX. '
Members ot Health Board.
DR. WILLIAM A. HARVEY.
DR. JOHN* V. HLGHES.
Commissioner, of Public Works,
j THOMAS r. WOODWARD.
Members Board of Kducation.
IiAAVREXCE F. WAIiSH,
THOM AS F 1 . BOYI^E. .;
¦ Election , Commissioners, '
JAMES A. DE\ r OTO.
NEW APPOINTMENTS
TO SEVERAL-BOARDS
. '. BY "MAYOR SCHMITZ
ADVERTISZaiENTS. - " __
Er%?;;3fi8pr A ¦ \ . •.. \ • A /5 -- * t ' H '""^ ¦' x*^Sffl[ i
IttSiJHf n. a. *&,£ .•••¦¦* *<m*.'-'-'** .••** fStg&x I
HJBSKf / £"•> -^^s^^?' 5^"-^"'^ ••" : ' r l
fc^ ;^»"!t • *^c- '"'i.V. -¦ w «-<'"y r iV!i"./ r^." *-!>*¦* •."*.'•" «"^ I**- * I
K/c-ImB \ *<i» '*• -""'4 '•.;"¦• ¦""'-*.•"."."•;.•• <s> *••* • 1 », ¦ J
Miss Gannon, Sec'y Detroit Amateur l wj
Art Association, tells young women what to
do to avoid pain and suffering caused by
female troubles. .
" Dear:Mr3. PrNKHAK «I can conscientiously recommend liydlft B*
Plnkhani'i* -Vegetable Compound to those of my sisters suffering witr*
female weakness and the troubles which so often befall women. I suf-
fered for- months with general weakness, and felt so weary that I had
Jiard .work .to keep up. I had shooting pains, and was utterly miserable.
In my distress I wm advised to use Lydia K. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, and it was a red letter day to me when I took the first dose,
for at that time ray restoration began. In six weeks I was a changed
woman, perfectly well in every, resect. I felt so elated and happy that
IwantaU women who suffer to get well as I did." — 3Iiss Guila Gajtson,
359 Jones St., Detroit, Mich., Secretary Amateur Art Association.
It is clearly shown In this yonnjc lady's letter that I*ydia E.
Pinkham's "Vegetable Compound -will certainly cure the suf f ering*
of women; and when one* considers that Miss Gannon's letter is
only one of the countless hundreds Trhich -we: are continually
publishing- in the newspapers of this country, the great virtu© of Mrs. Pink-
ham's medicine must be adraitted'bv all ; and for the absolute cure of all kind*
nf female ills no substitute' can possibly take its place. Women should bear
this important fact in mind when they po into a drupr store.' and be sure not
to accept anything- that is claimed to be " jnst as good " as Lydia E. IMnk-
ham's Vege table Compound, for no other medicine for female ills has
nade so many actual cures.
How Another Sufferer' Was Cured.
** Dear Mrs. Pintchak : — I cannot praise yonr wonderful remedies
enough, for they have' done me more good than all the doctors I hava
had. For the last eight years and more I suffered with female troubles,
-was very weak, coufd not, do my housework, also had nervous pros-
tration. Some days I would remain unconscious for a whole day and
night. My neighbors thought I could never recover, but, thanks to
your medicine, I now feel like a different woman.
•"I feel very grateful to you and will recommend I.ydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound to all. It has now been four years since
I had. the last 1 spell of nervous prostration. I only weighed ninety-
eight pounds at that.time ; now I weigh one hundred and twenty-three.
"I i consider your' Vegetable Compound the finest remedy made.
Thanking you many times for the benefit I received from your medicine.
I remain, Yours truiy, Mrs. J. H. Farmer, 2809 Elliott Ave.,*St. Louis, Mo.*
Rememher Mrs. Pinkham's advice is free and all sick women
are foolish If they do not ask for it. She speaks from the widest
experience, and has helped multitudes of women.
FORFEIT*^ "«r»nnnt forthwith prodnceth«orijr;n.O letters and signararsa •<
Vnll I abuT* i«stiraonials, irhlcli irill proT« th«>ir »b«oiut» g#muini!o*.«*.
WUUUU l.jdi»E. Piakh»mM«rl.C*., Lrna, Ma...A wife secured a divorce a few days ago .because her
husband insisted upon keeping a loaded rifle under his
pillow after he had retired to the peace and pleasant
dreams of the slumber of domesticity. The husband got
no more than he deserved. The use of a pistol not a
rifle is good form in such cases whether they be for
domestic purposes or to repel invaders.
The scho&l exhibit of Honolulu at the St. Louis
Exposition, it is promised, will be eminently practical
and will reflect instruction in only the essentials of pri
mary education. The school governors of the island
shrewdly suspect that whatever they may do in this re
gard they will shine by comparison with other commu
nities more esthetic but less wise.
The Piutes of Nevada, disagreeably disposed, have
progressed in their unseemly demonstration from a war
dance to a scalp dance. : It is becoming, painfully appar
ent to the people of the Silver State that the next neces
sary step in the proceedings will be extensive funeral
services ft>r some of the noble red men of the* reserva
tions , 7
Cattlc in Texas.
The mortality from Texas. fever has
been. reduced from 75 per cent to less
than 10 per cent. 'By a conservative
estimate, through the work of the
Texas and Missouri experiment stations
alone, there has been saved to the cat
tle interests of Texas not less than
5350,000, and.the.work is, now only well
started. But more importantthan any
direct saving" are % the new possibilities
of Texas as a cattle country. The open
range and the lone horned steer are
rapidly passing, and in their wake are
coming the small stock farm, the Here
ford and the shorthorn. With improved
kreeds. favorable climate, winter pas-
THE MERCANTILE LIBRARY—
Subscriber, City. What was known as
Mercantile Library concerts, three In
number, during which there was a lot
tery drawing for financial aid to the
library, we're held in the Mechanics'
Pavilion on Union Square in the sum
mer of 18T0.
NEW RIFLE— E. V., City. If you
will so to the periodical room of the
Free Public Library in this city you
will find there in the recent files of the
Army and Navy Journal a number of
articles on the new service rifle for the
United States army, which is destined
to supersede the Krag-Jorgenson.
CLIPPERTON ISLAND— F. H.. City.
Clipperton Island, so called, is an atoll
or coral reef four miles In circumfer
ence In the Pacific Ocean. 10.13.V N. and "
109.7.30 W., 800 miles due west from
Acapulco. In The' Call of February 13.
1898, page 21, you will fin - an interest
ing account of a man named Gussman
who was the only Inhabitant of the
atoll for a long time.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 60c a pound. In artistic Cre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bid*. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main vux •
COIN QUESTIONS— Old Subscriber,
and Constant Reader, Oakland. Cal.
This department does not' answer
questions as to the value of coins. Such
questions are answered by mail when a
self-addressed and stamped envelope
accompanies the query.
•The authorities of ChicagoJ aroused and determined
to immediate action by the horror which closed the year
in gloom and death, have closed every dance hall in 1 the
city as a protection against another fire and more death.
San Francisco might do likewise with her dance halls
and dives to protect the foolish and the inexperienced
against worse than 1 fire or death.
To every people except the Japanese it seems evident
that in the desperate, situation in the Far East Russia
is shrewd in her diplomatic playing for time. When
the hour corhes for her to strike with her monsters
Japan is likely to receive her first bitter lesson in the
practice of modern war. The Mikado seems to forget
that neither "his army nor his navy has yet been tested.
ELECTRICITY-F. L. r., city. In
the free public library of this city you
will find a number of books on elec
tricity that will give you the process
for fusing metal by electricity and will
also tell you how to construct an elec
tric furnace.
Two children of superfluously wealthy
families were to be joined in the holy
bonds of matrimony. The best of San
Francisco's society had been inrited to
attend the wedding ceremony and the
best of San Francisco's society was
there to see at the- appointed time and
place. The prospective husband had
traveled an exceedingly rapid pace
.since he had become of age and was
well known In those circles where the
day's pleasures begin only when most
people are abed.
A Iifelorfg friend of his had been se
lected to officiate as usher. The chum,
a well known wag, was impatiently
awaiting the arrival of the wedding
party. Suddenly an acquaintance, who
was also chafing at the delay, addressed
him with the question, ""Who is going
to give the bride away, Jack?" "Her
old man," was the response in such a
strenuous stage whisper that many of
that well bred audience craned their
necks to see what it was all about.
Then he added in the same tone and
with just the suspicion of a smile on his
face: "Lucky for the groom that they
didn't select me to give him away, be
cause I am afraid she would stop the
festivities before I had told all I know."
It is alleged that there was a brutal
exchange of fisticuffs between two gen
tlemen at a swell club the day after
the wedding tour had been completed.
Giving Him Away.
THE SHAMROCKS— A. O. S., City.
The cost of the three Shamrocks which
took Dart in ¦ the American cup race
was about '$200,000 each. Sir Thomas
Lipton has never given out the exact
figures as ta the cost of each vessel.
They say that St. John introduced Christianity into
Ethiopia and that it exists there in its primitive simpli
city, as it was understood in the time of the apostles,
and without any of the modern improvements whatever.
The Negus rules, and his people live, according to the
Christian precept as it was" understood in the days of
Caesar, and without any ecclesiastical establishment or
ponderous machinery. There is also religious equality
in Abyssinia and there is no record, known to the out
side world,' of religious persecution there. Of course,
this shows the people to be horribly backward, and sunk
in simplicity, without even displaying .that that
shines in a heresy trial.
We are glad to give any information at hand concern
ing our new great and good friend Menelik and his
country. We fear that he does not indulge in the luxury
of foreign ministers, so we may not hope to see the
jewel of diplomacy in. an EthiopY ear at Washington.
The foreign policy of the Negus is simplicity itself.
Foreigners who enter his country in friendship are wel
comed as friends and treated to raw beef; but those who
come as enemies are met and whipped, -:as he whipped
the Egyptians and Italians.
We are not informed as to the articles of commerce
we may expect to find there in exchange. for. what, we
may sell under the new treaty. The Negus himself ;was
delightfully robust in the gifts to our Embassador for the
President, for they were a pair of lions and a couple of
elephant. tusks. It, is lucky that he did not reverse the
order and send a pair of elephants and a couple "of lion's
tusks, for elephants make clumsy baggage, and 'would
eat their heads off getting them here.
The roval EthioD was told all -about the St. Louis ex-
The world has always "fought shy of Ethiopia. The
Romans never conquered that country. The "last Ro
man general, Belisarius, who served Justinian •when
Constantinople was the seat of the empire, marched all
around the Mediterranean and fought and .whipped
everybody, but he kept ojut of Abyssinia, and that land
has remained a mysterious place, where the people are
Christians and eat raw beefsteaks cut out of the Hying
cattle.' -^
WE have entered into treaty relations with Abys
sinia. The Ethiop will change his skin now with
us, as well as with Europe. Heretofore his con
tact with Americans was confined to an awful licking he
gave to the Egyptian army led by two American gener
als. But he has forgiven us that ill-starred , expedition
which Ismail, Khedive of Egypt, sent against him under
American leadership.
THE NEGUS OUR FRIEND.
EDUCATIONAL, JOURNALS- O. 3..
Bandon. Or. The Northwest Journal of
Education is published in Sa*i Fran
cisco: the Western School Journal in
Topeka. Kans.. and the Western Teach
er in Milwaukee, Wis.
CASINO— Player. City. In casino the
deal is determined by cutting and the
player cutting the lowest card must
deal. In cutting in that game ace is
low. Ties cut over.
Coroner Lcland has undertaken the task of protecting
the public from the ignorant cupidity of lodging-house
keepers who regulate or suppress the supply of gas to
rooms during certain hours. The best way to do this
is not to aim at a reformation of the laws of the city,
but to establish a reform school for lawmakers.
SHOTGUNS— E. P.. City. There 10
an ordinance en the books of the Su
pervisors of Marin County which pro
hibits the use of repeating shotguns in
that county.
Ar.sivers to Queries.
Captain George Harvey of the Red
Stack towboat line has not always pos
sessed the skill with reins and whip
which now warrants his being trusted
even with a newly painted buggy. The
story of his first ride along the water
front has* not yet lost it3<f>ower ot pro
moting gayety on that part of the local
world.
"Take the buggy, George." Captain
Gray had said in sending Harvey on
some business that called for expedi
tious attention.
•Now Harvey had never driven a
horse, but was too good a sailor to re
fuse an order and too proud to admit
ignorance of knowledge.
All went well until .Harvey's steed
had carried him as far as the ferry
depot. 'Approaching the Market street
car tracks,' the buggy's course was sud
denly crossed by a street car. The car
stopped. The buggy held on its way.
Harvey's. right hand went groping into
the comers of the buggy and finding
no signal levers there sho£ above his
head in equally fruitless search for the
whistle cord. The lines lay limp in his
left hand and the horse kept on his
way, only, stopping when he had poked
his head through one window of the
car, raked two others and smashed a
panel with the shafts of the buggy.
"Why the blank dfdn't you stop?"
yelled the car crew in unison.
Then it was that Harvey found his
shore less.
"Here's my card. I'll pay all dam
ages. Don't give me away and I'll
make it all right."
"He's crazy," said a small boy.
"Nc- he ain't." volunteered another.
"He's a sailor."
Navigating a Horse.
Josef Mayr, the impersonator of
Christ in the Oberammergau passion
play for the last three times it has been
given, has died, being somewhat over
50 years old. Mayr, like those who have
preceded him In this great personation.
was a worker with his hands in the
carving industries of his village; but
he retained In all his private life the
air of consecration and was regarded
as set apart by virtue uf his? represen
tation of the Savior. His personal ap
pearance was majestic; the symmetric
beauty of his features, framed in long
brown, hair, and carefully v> trimmed 1
beard — for he never allowed his beard
to grow shaggy— the profound sweet
ness of his deep-set eyes — these all con
tributed to keep before the people of
the village the religious purpose and im
port of their periodical presentation of
the great, drama of the world. Mr.
Mayr had repeatedly been elected
Mayor of the village.
Death of Christ Actor.
In Korea the people tell a Cinderella
story that is much more ancient than
that familiar to Western people. Th»
key of the latter story i3 the slipper,
but not so thefrs. Peach Blossom, the
Korean Cinderella's name, was the
family drudge. One day as the mother
was starting off with the favorite
daughter to a picnic she said to Peach
Blossom: "You must not leave until
you have hulled a bagful of rice and
filled the broken crock with water."
Whrle sitting there bemoaning her hard
lot she heard a twittering and a flutter-
Ing of wings. Looking up she saw a
flock of sparrows pecking the hulls off
the rice. Before recovering froip her
surprise a little imp jumped out of the
fireplace and so skillfully repaired the
crock that but a few minutes of work
was required to fill it with water. Then
she went to the picnic and had a royal
time. — Chicago News.
'A Korean Cinderella.
for a canal across that part of the isthmus. Even if
negotiations had been reopened before the revolution in
Panama, the protocols could not have been exchanged,
and the President would have been entirely justified in
turning again to Panama immediately upon the appear
ance of a chance to outwit the greed and dishonor of
Bogota.
The people want a canal and so does the President.
The treaty made with Panama is as legitimate as any ever
made by any' nation. It gets more iavorable terms than
the United States ever dreamed of, and v brings in sight a
consummation that, has been the talk of the' world for a
hundred and fifty, years. Senator Morgan calls it "a
strange, and frantic usurpation, a national scandal that
would disgrace Turkey." Of course he can choose his
own language in describing his own country, but when
one remembers his .prompt indorsement of the revolu
tion in Hawaii, and his vindication of all its features,
and his subsequent participation in. annexation of the
'islands, it rouses curiosity to know at just what particu
lar point of time^his conscience lost its sea legs and pre
pared to get sick over Panama.
The tact is that his reasons are purely personal. For
many years he had canal matters in charge. He was
consulted about treaties and his advice was followed,
with no results. Growing tired of temporizing, Presi
dent McKinley wisely turned from the Morgan canal to
Panama, andthis successor has projected his policy in
that respect. Morgan fought the change. In the last
session he spoke for days against a treaty with Colombia,
and fought.it with all the weaponry of his experience.
He did not like the Spooner bill. He the dis
cretion given to the President and worked himself into
all sorts of temper. : : < •>
If he had been the original proponent of Panama, he
would now be patting the President on the back instead
of vituperating him. His motives are original in his
self-esteem and his pride of position. This is entirely
well understood by .his Southern colleagues, ,who, like
President McKinley, long ago grew tired of waiting for
Morgan to dig a canal by speeches in the Senate. He
is a theorist and declaimer. But theory and declamation
will not dig a canal. President Roosevelt is a man of
action and he has brought a canal in sight without mak
ing any entangling alliance, but under conditions of
perfect security and independence.
The country is with him. Americans do not believe
that their government is. lower than Turkey or that it
deserves the defamation and abuse which are the last
resort of Mr. Morgan. He is in the habit of doing the
vial of wrath act, and. has thereby injured himself as a
public man. In one aspect his position is serious. He
has the vocal gift of unlimited continuance, and will try
to talk the long session out, if he is physically equal
to it.
Senator Morgan should know .that the making of a
treaty with those two states during that time was im
possible. He is familiar with their past demands,
which were held, by Mr. Cleveland to be intolerable.
Since then they have given no evidence of abatement.
Nicaragua is in an unstable condition politically and
physically. Not only is the government weak, crafty,
avaricious and corrupt, with indications that renewal of
canal negotiations would bring on a revolution, caused
by the desire of such robbers as are out of office to
get a chance at the- swag, but the earthquake/ and
volcanoes of last year demonstrated the lack of safety
SENATOR Morgan of Alabama is irreconcilable to
the Panama matter. He has taken to writing on
the subject, and as his gorge rises he puts it in
the'papcrs. It is evident that Jie has been made aware
that a considerable number of Southern Senators will
support the treaty and help to secure the canal. This
leads him to vitriolic indulgence against the President,
whom he attacks for waiting just four weeks after
Colombia rejected the treaty, instead of immediately be
ginning to bargain with Nicaragua and Costa Rica. .
MORGAN REFUSES COMFORT.
"The person who merely watches the 1
flight of a bird gathers the impression
that the bird has nothing to think of,
but the flapping of its wings. As a
matter of fact this is a very small part
of its mental labor. To even mention
a2l the things the bird must constantly
keep in mind in order to fly securely
through the air would take a consid
erable part of the evening. If I take
this piece of paper and after placing it
parallel with the ground quickly let it
fall it will not settle steadily down as
a etaid, sensible piece of paper ought
to do, but it insists on contravening
*vcry recognized rule of decorum, turn
ing over and darting hither and thither
in the most erratic manner, much after
the style of an untrained horse.
"Yet this Is the style of steed that
men must learn to manage before fly
ing can become an everyday sport. The
bird has learned this art of equilibrium
and learned it so thoroughly that its
skill is not apparent to our sight. We
only learn to appreciate it when we
try to imitate it. Now there are two
ways or learning how to ride a frac
tious horse: One is to get on him and
learn by actual practice how each mo
tion and trick may be best met; the
other is to tit on a. fence and watch the
beast awhile, and then retire to the
house and at leisure figure out the best
way of overcoming his Jumps and
kicks. The latter system is the safest;
but the former on the whole turns out
the larger proportion of good riders.
It Is very much the same In learning
how to ride a. flyingr machine. If you
are looking for perfect safety you will
do v.t.'J to eit on a fence and watch the
The great problem which the Wright
brothers undertook to solve and have
solved related to the balancing and
steering of the machine after it was
actually in flight. In the words of Wil
bur Wright, "This can come only by
practice provided the proper machine
is constructed." In an address which
Wilbur Wright, in the fall of 1901, made
before the Western Society of Engin
eers in Chicago, in which he first pub
licly recounted his experiments, he
¦aid:
Aerial Xavigation.
BT MAL/7OLM McDOWELL.
(A-thor of * S*nci! Talk en the WosSers of # ihe
Crafts.")
•Coryngfct, I&C4. ty Joseph im BowJe«)
When the fJyjns machine built by
Wilbur and Orville Wright of Dayton,
Ohio, made, a three-mile flight at Kit
tyhawk, X. C. December 17 last aerial
navigation became a fact. The box
kite-like structure, which carried a
man three grood miles, was under per
fect control and was not held sus
pended ::i the air by a balloon. Santos-
DumorHs airships are merely steer
able balloons. The aer-auto of the
Wright brothers is a genuine flying
machine, depending entirely on its
wings 10 maintain a soaring flight, on
its propellers for the forward move
ment and its rudder for direction. En
gineers regard the success of the Day
ton aeronauts as a decided advance in
s-ir navigation and a* offering a larger
promise of a successful practical so
lution of the problems presented by
aerial navigation than the accomplish
ed feats of the Parisian bal'.oonists.
Back of the Wright brothers' tri
umph is the sequence of aeronautical
experiments conducted by Herr Otto
Lilienthal, who made over 2000 flights
in Germany before he was killed; a
young English engineer named Pil
cher. Octave Chanute, at one time
president of the Western Society of
Engineers, and some years of efforts,
failures and partial successes of Wil
bur Wright and Orville Wright.
The aeronautical history of the
Wright brothers is interesting; it is
the record of two young men deter
mined to solve the mysteries of me
chanical flight.
• • •
The unfortunate death of Lilienthal,
¦w ho was dashed to earth in one of
his flights, directed the attention of
Wubur Wright to aeronautics. He
begar. in 1&S6 to study and experiment
*r.d soon his brother Orviile joined
him. Their preliminary tests were so
?satisfying that in 1900 they carried
their experimental flying machines to
Kittyhawk. a sar.dy beach on the
shore of North Carolina, and it was
there they demonstrated their ability
not only to soar, but to manage their
air craft and to a limited degree con
trol its flight. They had ascertained
that the difficulties which obstructed
'he pathway to success in flying ma
chine construction were those which
related to the construction of sustain
ing wings; those which related to the
generation and application of the
power required to drive the machine
through the air and those relating to
the balancing and steering of the ma
chine after it was actually in flight.
Before they began their experiments
men bad constructed wings or aero
planes which when driven through the
air at a sufficient speed not only sus
tained the weight of the wings them
selves, but also of the engine and en
gineer as well. Fifteen years before the
lightest steam motor was the marine
engine, which weighed sixty pounds to
The horsepower, while the gas engine
weighed more, and the locomotive
weighed 200 pounds to the horsepower.
But great improvements effected radi
cal changes, so that when the Dayton
a!r navigators took their huge kites to
teat the carrying abilities of Atlantic
breezes steam motors had been made
which weighed but ten pounds to the
horsepower and gas engines had been
cut down to twelve and one-half to fif
teen pounds to the horsepower.
turage, practically no expense for hous
ing and the cheapest and best flesh
producing feeds; with a home market
capable cf. absorbing the entire home
product and a great city of export near
the future highway of the world's com
merce, the stock interests of Texas are
certainly enterlnff upon a new era of
growth and development, and all of
this serves to illustrate once more the
important truth that the scientific man
is also the practical man.— American
Monthly Review of Reviews.
A turkey, duly prepared for a San Jose New Year's
feast, was found to contain a quantity of gold, and now
the county of Santa Clara is diligently searching for a
placer mine. It seems like a compensation of fate that
during the holiday season particularly this" cherished do
mestic bird should be raised to the dignity of the fabu
lous goose" that laid the golden egg.
WHILE it ls_by no means certain that Olney, will
receive the Democratic nomination for . the
, Presidency, it is evident the boom given him in
Massachusetts and New York has jnade a strong impres
sion upon the country and that Republican leaders are
getting Kafly to meet an Olney campaign. For a long
time past Republican criticism of Democracy has betn
directed so exclusively against the Bryanites the public
has doubtless lost sight of the fact that the position of
the gold wing of the party on othe'r issues is about as
weak as that of the silver men on the money question.
Consequently, the opening of the campaign against
Olney will have something of the charm of novelty and
prove interesting for a time at least, J on that account rf
on no other.
An illustration of the turn given to partisan discussion
by the appearance of Olney in the forefront of the fight
was furnished during the debate in the Senate on Tues
day, when Senator Lodge took occasion to reveal some
of the weak places in the record on which Olney would
have to make his fight should he be nominated. In the
course of his speech, the Senator, after referring to
Olney as a personal friend with whom he never agreed
on any political subject, said that Qlney's commendation
of Cleveland had greatly interested him. He then added:
"I do not regard, the Democratic party as always
abounding in good sense, but they had too much sense to
fight the campaign of 1806 on Mr. Cleveland's adminis
tration. They repudiated him and his administration
and we are deprived of the opportunity of discussing it.
We can say what we want about the silver issue, but it
was a better issue for the Democratic party to meet the
country on than the one gone before; and when I saw
the accounts of this delightful banquet in New York and
read those inspiring- speeches and observed the Demo
cratic party once more, through its chosen leaders, there
preparing to stand across the pathway, of American
progress and proposing to put at their head .the man
who held power last in their name, I confess my spirits
rose higher than ever about the Republican prospects."
Of course Senator Lodge knows very well that Cleve
land is not in the race and wjH not be renominated.
Therefore, when he held up the weakness of the Cleve
land administration, it was done for the purpose of for
mulating charges that Olney will have to meet should he
enter the field; for of course he could enter it only a"s
the champion and defender of the bygone .Cleveland ad
ministration. Senator Lodge recails a striking series of
blunders on the part of the Cleveland regime. He says:
; 'What a pleasure it would be to contrast the policy
which .tried to set up Liliuokalani in Hawaii with the
policy of the Republican party "which has made thpse
islands a part of the United States; to contrast the tariff
which they passed, and which their own President called
the tariff of perfidy and dishonor, with the tariff we
passed; to examine the history of the loans which they
made in a time^of profound peace to the bankers of New
York with an interest rate far above what the United
States could borrow at even then, and contrast them
with the loans which we made in time of war; and then
compare that era of panic and depression with the pros
perity that followed."
With such a blast of criticism to start the fray, it is
easy to foresee that the nomination of Olney would
bring about a revival of the old party war over issues
that were dropped when Bryan raised the flag of free
silver and Populism. in the Democratic camp and drove
the old war horses out of it. The ¦, fight would not be
bitter, but it would be vigorous; for of course the whole
surviving Cleveland old guard would rally behind the
Massachusetts man and work like Trojans to beat
Bryan's record as a vote getter. Altogether an Olney
campaign would be red hot — a reminder of good old
limes.
He is an old gray-bearded gentlema -
who, can be found at almost any hour
of the day nestled comfortably in one
of the leather chairs of a downtown Tio
tel. His mind, once one of the most po
tent factors on Change, has -now so
far lost its original acuteness and dar
ing that its penchant foe figures and
calculations carries it into paths woe
fully removed from thoae of finance.
Still the instinct for statistical reckon
ings lingers and the results of Its pecu
liar ramifications are interesting.
"Did you ever, notice how many
strokes oJ the razor a barber uses in
shaving you?" remarked the old gentle
man the other day. "Well, it all de
pends upon what kind of a barber he
Is. If he is one of these talkative fel
lows whose every move Is punctuated
by a sentence he will go as Llgh as 500
strokes before he begins on the hot
towels. On the other hand, li* he tends
strictly to business he will average
from 300 to 350 strokes. You can tell
whether or not he is of a nervous tem
perament by the kinds of strokes he
uses. Look out for the barber who uses
the short, jerky kind, for his nerves are
not what they should be.
"Again, how many times will the
street car gripman ring his bell in go
ing one block in the downtown district?
Say right on Market street from Grant
avenue to Stockton street, when the
patent bell ringer is not used, the av
erage gripman will strike his bell from
75 to 100. times in that one short block.
"How much work does a lady do In
holding up her skirts during two hours'
shopping? Take it that she Is walking
two-thirds of that time and her skirts
weigh * five pounds. With that one
right arm she does- enough work in that
shopping tour to raise a 100 p»und
block of granite ten feet in the air.
"Say a man has a mustache. If he is
especially Droud of the contour of the
same, how many times during the day
will he raise his hand to lovingly stroke
it? Supposing he keeps books. How
many entries a day will he lose" by that
action of the hand going up to the
mustache? How much will his employ
er lose in a year by the fact of that
man's wearing the mustache?
"Say there are twelve stores within
the block which have mirror decora
tions in their show windows. How
many of those windows will the aver
age young, woman miss # in her journey
down that block? If she is at all pret
ty or well dressed she will not miss
more than two."
Sinus's of Buttons.
EumDtion per mile of tr; . ""
It seems to be the common thing for
a'.rsh'p inventors to Insist that they
will attain speeds of 100 to 200 miles
an hour, provided their airships work.
It is interesting to note that Wilbur
Wright, the first man to attain' me
chanical flight over any considerable
distance, is extremely modest in his
ideas of flying machine speed. He said
to the western engineers: '
"The probability is that the first
flying machines will have a relatively
low speed, perhaps not much exceed
ing twenty miles per hour, but the
problem of increasing the speed will
be much simpler in some respects
than that of increasing the speed of
a steamboat; for, whereas in the lat
ter case the size of- the engine must
increase as the cube of the speed, in
the flying machine, until extremely
high speeds are reached, the capacity
of the motor increases in less than
simple ratio, and there is even a de
crease in the fuel consumption per
mile of travel. In other words, to
double the speed of a steamship (and
the same is true of the balloon type
of airship) eight times the engine and
boiler capacity would be required,
and four times the fuel consumption
per mile of travel, while a flying ma
chine would require engines of less
than double the size, and there would
be an actual decrease in the *»»ai con-
The 1901. flying machine was 22
feet wide. 14 feet long, including the
rudder, and 6 feet high. The machine
was first tested July 27, 1901, in a
wind blowing thirteen miles an hour.
It was without any driving apparatus
for gravity -was still the "motor force"
of the experimental aeroplane. The
sequence of experiments disclosed
errors in construction and curves.
These were corrected and glides of
several hundreds of feet in length
were made repeatedly. The flying ma
chine was tested with a man aboard in
a twenty-two-mile wind — a somewhat
reckless proposition considering that
the navigator had had a practice of
less than five minutes spent in actual
flight. But the control of the machine
was so good that many successful
glides were made. The machine
weighed a trifle over 100 pounds, or
with a man aboard, 245 pounds. Its
immense spread of double wings gave
it the " appearance of a gigantic box
kite when in the air. The frampwork
was trussed to give strength with lit
tle weight, and the operator lay in a
framework in the center.
This machine was the model for
the flying machine, equipped with
gasoline motor and propellers, which
carried Wilbur Wright three miles in
the teeth of an Atlantic gale a few
weeks ago.
The experiments of 1900 were so
successful that the Ohio air cruisers at
once went to work to design a new
machine for 1901. They increased the
surface area from 165 to 308 square
feet. Compare this to the Lilienthal
flyer, which had an area of 157 square
feet, the Pilcher machine with 165
square feet and Chanute's famous
double decker with 134 square feet
and the nerve and audacity of the
Wright brothers can be appreciated.
Never before had so large a machine
been deemed controllable. -
"The slope of the hill was 9.5 degrees,
or a. drop of one foot in six. We found
that after 'attaining a speed of about
twenty-five to thirty miles with refer
ence to the wind or ten to fifteen miles
over the ground, the machine not on}y
glided parallel to the slope of the hill,
but greatly increased its speed, thus
indicating its ability to glide on a some
what less angle than 9.6 degrees,, when
we "should feel it safe to rise higher
from the surface. The control of the
machine Droved even better than we
had dared to expect, responding quick
ly to the slightest motion of the rud
der. 'With these glides our experiments
for the year 1900 closed. Although the
hours and hours of practice we had
hoped to obtain finally dwindled down
to al>out two minutes, we were very
much pleaded with the general results
of the trip, for setting out as we did,
with almost revolutionary theories on
many points and an entirely untried
form of machine, we considered it quite,
a point to be able to return without
having our pet theories completely
knocked in the head by the hard logic
of experience and our own .brains
dashed out in the bargain. Everything
seemed to us to confirm the correctness
of our original opinions: First— That
practice is the key to the secret of
flying; second, that it is practicable
to assume the horizontal position; third,
that steering up and down can be at
tained with a "rudder without moving
the position of the operator's body."
The first flying machine built by the
WriRht brothers was a double-decked
kite having a surface area of 165 square
fret. The operator lay extended on his
face crosswise of * the center of ths
lower deck. The rudder was a smaller
aeroplane extending forward in front
of the machine; therein the Wright
machine differed radically from others.
The first attempts at "gliding" were
made from the top of a sand hill which
rose from the flat sand to a heicht of
one hllndred feet. Wilbur Wright, in
describing the first flights, said:
"On the day of our arrival the wind
blew about twenty-five miles an hour,
and as we had had no experience at all
in gliding: we deemed It unsafe to at
tempt to leave the ground. On the day
following, the wind having subsided to
fourteen miles per hour, we made about
a dozen glides. It had been the original
intention that the operator should run
with the machine to obtain initial ve
locity and assume the horizontal posi
tion only after the machine was in free
flight. When it came time to land he
was to resume the upright position and
light on his feet after the style of-pre
vious gliding experimenters. But on
actua! trial we found it much better to
employ the help of two assistants in
starting, which the peculiar form of our
machine enabled us readily to do, and
in landing we found it was entirely
practicable to land while still reclining
in a horizontal position upon the ma
chine. Although the landings were
made while moving at tpeed of more
than twenty miles an hour neither ma
chine nor operator suffered any injury.
birds, but if you really 'wish to learn
you must mount a machine and become
acquainted with its tricks by actual
trial." /' •
position and promised to* see what he could do in the
way of .scratching together some exhibits, to send on,
W we beg to assure him that nothing would as well
represent his country as himself. The people would
like to see the representative of a dynasty that has so
well* defended ijs realm that Greek. Roman and
Egyptian commanders have looked the other way when
passing Abyssinia, and have respected the sign, "Keep
off the grass." ~:^:'%
AN OLNEY CAMPAIGN.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SFRECKELS,. Proprietor . . ? . Address All Commanications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication O^ce. . . .- ...... <5^^^^ > • Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY. . . .7 -. . . JANUARY 8, 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JANUARY S, 1904.
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThe question -whether Isadore Gold
en, Governor- Pardee'a appointee as
Justice of the Peace, or Walter E.
Dorn, the appointee of the Board- of
Supervisors, or Walter "Gallagher, the
appointee of Mayor Schmltz, is entitled
to the. office made vacant by. the elec
tion of . Justice, of the Peace Percy y.
Long to .th^ office ( of City, Attorney is
now, in the hands' of Judge Murasky.
After . an t argument yesterday by the
attorneys for: Dorn and Golden on a
motion to dissolve the injunction re
straining Golden from interfering with
Dorn in his possession of . the office,
Judge Murasky, who issued the injunc
tion, took the matter under submission.
Justice's Ficht Is Submitted.
Every company and every troop iB
being drilled to the utmost limit. If
the rfews of. war rumors from Japan
and Panama are to be credited then
undoubtedly this great activity Is ac
counted for. Uncle Sam is on the alert
this time, and if there is to be a mix
up he is now preparing for any and
every emergency. • .
The Tenth Infantry is daily drilling
at 7:30 a. m. The third squadron of the
Ninth Cavalry is now drilling every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 9
a. m., and on the intermediate days
special drills of the individual troops
are being held. ¦ ... • i ...'•¦
The signal corps is working every
afternoon on the grounds Just at the
entrance to the post.
The Twenty-fifth Company Coast
Artillery was at work all yesterday
afternoon firing No. 2 mortars' fjom
Battery Stotsenburg. It showed fine
marksmanship.
The transports Sherman, Buford and
Crook "are now almost ready for sea,
and in twenty-four hours if necessary
could be fully manned and ready to
set sail. For what point these three
transports are intended is not .made
known at headquarters, but if rumors
be true it is probably that the Japan
coast may be the objective point.
Not since the days of the Spanish-
American War has the Presidio pre
sented so animated and lively an ap
pearance as now. Everything • is life
and action.
Cavalrj-, Artillery and Infantry Are
All Beins: Put Through Complete
and Exhaustive Drills.
GREAT ACTIYTT^ MARKS
MOVEMENTS AT PRESIDIO
John Pryor protested too much
through his attorney yesterday before
Judge Mogan, and as a result-it was
discovered that he was a young but
interesting criminal. He was charged
with entering a room at 18 Ellis street.
"This boy is only 17 years old, your
Honor." said the attorney, "and he is
willing to plead guilty to petty larceny
or some misdemeanor. It would be a
Charles J. Haars, a real estate
agent, was arrested at his residence,
1164 O'Farrell street, yesterday af
ternoon by Detectives Bunner . and
Freel on a warrant charging: him with
felony embezzlement. He was locked
up In the City Prison.
The complaining witness is Mrs.
Antonio Lyons, 32 Second street, who
alleges that she purchased the lodg
iug- house where she is living from
Haars on July 8 for $950,' on his
statement that it was free of nay in
cumbrance. Haars acted as agent for
Airs. Margaret Clouston. « .
A .few days ago Mrs. Lyons was
notified of the fact that there was a
mortgage of $700 on the lodging
house and that it would be foreclosed
unless redeemed. She saw Mrs.
Clouston,. who informed her that
K.tars knew of the mortgage and had
given her $250, promising to pay off
the mortgage with the remaining
$700.
Haars at the time of the sale was
doing business at 850 Market street
under the name of the Donald In
vestment Company. After his arrest
he said he would get his lawyer to
straighten things out. .'
Charles J. Haars Arrested for Em
bezzlement In Retaining Money
He Should Have Paid.
REAL ESTATE AGENT IS
ACCUSED OF DUPLICITY
The couple were found by Officer,
McMurray of the Society for the Pre
vention *f Cruelty to Children living in
a filthy basement on Howard street
with four children, the eldest of whom
was 7 years. The children were m an
almost incredible state of filth and
wretchedness. How they survived the
neglect was a miracle. The father and
mother were almost continually drunk.
Rev. Father Crowley secured the cus
tody of one of the children and placed
it in a comfortable home. The society
cared for the other three little ones.
James Delury and his wife, Laura,
were convicted of cruelty to children in
Judge Conlan's cour£ yesterday. The
husband was' sentenced to six months
in the County JaU and the wife will be
sentenced to-day. Her sentence will
not be so heavy as that of her husband,
as extenuating circumstances . were*
shown in her case. m
"This court has no. way of furnishing
you transportatkm to Baden," said the
Judge, "but I'll do the best I can for
you. I'll send you out to Ingleside with
a stopover privilege, and from there
vou can continue to your destination.
Twenty days in the County Jail."
James McDermott appeared before
Judge Fritz yesterday on the charge
of begging. "I was trying to get to
Baden," explained the defendant. "I'm
broke, but if I could get there I would
be all right, because I can get work
right away."
C. J. Janssen, who was arrested last'
November on two charges of passing
fictitious checks, was released by Judge
Conlan yesterday. He has settled the
obligations and has. been in jail ever
since his arrest. The Judge thought he
had been sufficiently punished.
Janssen's crimes were committed In a
spirit of good fellowship. He was tread
ing the primrose path and ran short
of n.^ney one night while on a spree
and took an unlawful method of re
plenishing his. purse. He Is said to
have prominent relatives in the State
and to be perfectly reliable when not
drinking. .
Before Judge Conlan Francisco Rossi
and Giovanni Fossa, accused of the
muruer of Vincenzo Lavagnino, were
arraigned and their hearings continued
for one week. « j
"./illiam, H. Atkins, who shot and
killed Muldoon McDonald, the colored
prize fighter, also appeared before
Judge Mogan and his preliminary hear
ing was set for January 11.
Judge Cabaniss heard the story yes
terday and consigned the defendant to
six months In the County Jail on the
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement.
Custodio is not taking any paper money
these days.
L&st Tuesday the saloon-keeper was
called, upo/i to pay for a consignment
of imported sausages and not having
any small change^ he tendered the $100
bill to the 'collector. The latter looked
at it a moment and passed it back.
"Not for your Uncle Dudley," he said.
"Do I look like a Yolo County man?"
After some investigation Custodio
learned that his friend Rose had handed
him a $100 bill that is used in the book
keeping courses of commercial colleges
He waited until Rose came in to draw
the last $2 50, and then had him ar
rested. .
Custodio a $100 bill to keep for him.
The following day he wanted $40 to send
to his mother in Opiak, Aleutian Isl
ands, and the saloon-keeper gladly let
him have the money. Thereafter Rose
drew the sum of $5 and $10 occasionally
against his deposit until the amount
appr6ximated the bill on* deposit.
Edward Richards, who shot and
killed Joseph^ Martini, a saloon-kee"per
oh Pacific street early . Wednesday
morning, was formally accused of the
crime of murder before Judge Mogan
yesterday. The complaint was sworn
to by Delia Martini, wife of the mur
dered man. She is a remarkably pretty
woman. Under, the^ ordeal of making
the charge she broke down completely
and the procedure had to be delayed
fifteen minutes while she was removed
to the Judge's chambers to regain her
composure.
M. J. Costodio has a saloon at 325
Drumm street. One of his most en
thusiastic admirers was Joseph Rose,
who, although a new acquaintance, was
fervent and unstinted in prafse of Cus
todio's natural abilities. As the latter
cannot read or write, his natural abili
ties and the booze he keeps on tap are
his particular prides. '
Rose told Custodio that he would
trust him with his life. To demonstrate
the sincerity of the statement he gave
William McNamara lied himself into
Jail yesterday before Judge Mogan. He
was accused of stealing a mop from' a
grocery on May street. The Judge
was inclined to let him go, as the arti
cle was of small .value and had been
recovered. "I suppose you were a Jittle
full when you took this mop," said the
Judge, "and didn't realize what you
were doing." "I wasn't full," said the
defendant and I didn't steal that mop.
I bought It from a man for 15 cents."
The Judge sat up and began to take
notice. "A man who is a liar as well
as a thief deserves punishment," he
said. "I'll find you guilty of petty lar
ceny and sentence you to-morrow."
Kelley was sentenced to twelve
months more in the County Jail, mak
ing two and a half years he will have
to serve. According to Clerk Jack
Rice, who is the official statistician of
Judge Conlan's court, if Kelley can
keep on appealing his cases to the Su
perior Court and secure securities and
his stock of Confederate bills holds out
he will have an unserved term of 48,212
years hanging over him by the time he
becomes a millionaire.
At his hearing before Judge Conlan
he was sentenced to six months in the
County Jail on each charge, m.aking a
total of eighteen months' imprisonment
altogether. He did net relish the idea
of his Napoleonic career in finance be
ing .interrupted by such a pause, so he
appealed his cases to the Superior
Court and was set at liberty on bail.
Yesterday Kelley appeared before
Judge Conlan again, charged with hav
ing resumed his operation with $20
Confederate notes. He bought some
sausages from a factory on Vallejo
street and two bottles uf olive oil from
an Italian firm on Sansome street. To
each vendor he tendered a crisp bill
bearing a promise signed by Jefferson
Davis to pay the bearer $20 in gold on
presentation at the treasury in Rich
mond. He received $46 50 in money
that does not have to be put through
the tedious process of hunting up Jef
ferson Davis to give it a commercial
value.
Thomas Kelley is a persistent offen
der along certain lines. Two months
ago he passed • three $20 Confederate
bills on as many groceries out in the
Mission, in return for which he re
ceived $3 worth of merchandise and $57
in good American money. He was at
tempting to pass a fourth piece of dis
credited currency when he was ar
rested.
Judge Mogan called up" "Detective
Freel. "See if you can find any record
of this fellow." he said. Freel went to
the identification, bureau and returned
in a few minutes 'with a copy 6f the
"Detective," wherein are. published the
photographs of criminals taken all over
the country. There, large as life, was
the bright-eyed angel boy, who never
had been arrested before. He really
couldn't recognize his own picture,
which was taken in St. Louis-February
23, 1903. Still it was a striking likeness.
The fact of his arrest had likewise es
caped him, although he admitted he
had been taken into custody in New
Orleans about that time.
"Dangerous and suspicious charac
ter," read the Judge, "19 years old.
Now you're 17. You seem to have
backed down some in the betting. I
think myself you are about 22 and a
penitentiary- is a good place for you.
I'll hold you over to the Superior Court
when your case comes up again."
shame to spoil his bright young life
by sending him to the penitentiary."
"Only 17?" asked the Judge, eyeing the
young culprit. "Yes, .sir,", said the boy.
•'Ever been arrested before?" asKed the
Judge. "Oh, no,' sir," quavered the
youth. . •
Convicted Again on Two Charges of Exchanging Confed
erate Money f r Merchandise and Good Coin-r- A Trust
ful Saloon- Keeper Takes Bad Bill— Criminal Identified
KELLEY RESUMES CAREER
OF DECEIVING THE UNWARY
-THE. SAX 'FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY...,, JANUARY S. , M0*.
On motion of the United States Dis
trict Attorney in the . United States
District Court yesterday a nolle pros
equi was entered dismissing the indict
ment charging Louis - E. Campbell
with mailing an obscene letter. It was
not believed by the prosecution that
the evidence would warrant a convlc-
Indictment Dismissed.
Howard- Laws, 'a witness for: the
prosecution In the case of thetUnited
States vs. Thomas 'Davis, accused of an
outrage upon Mrs. AT H. Ames i on the
high seas, appeared before United
States District Judge de Haveri yester
day" afternoon tin answer! to a .writ of
habeas corpus. His bail ; was reduced
from IJ000 to $500 and., he ' furnished
bonds for^ the latter : sum and ; . was re
leased. He had been detained as a
witness since November 9. : .
Howard Laws Released.
Lee C. Fook,was arrested yesterday
on a bench warrant issued by United
States Court Commissioner Heacock,
charging him with contempt of court
In having failed to appear and produce
certain Chinese certificates of registra
tion that had been left . with him in
pawn by other Chinese who had been
required to produce their certificates in
court. Lee will* be examined at 10
o'clock this morning. One of the cer
tificates was found in his room yester
day.
» Chinese In Contempt.
9
qRAPE-NTJTS. . . --. w^_ _-.-¦--,¦
lisf Jftnr ma fsi rm ImH r^j I "I H Bh Hill flffl
Gold Bricks
md examine the Shavings.
ec£ <«y t£ e«y <^w e»£ eic* . «^
.Whenever you read the advertisements
BREAKFAST FOODS
announcing "Predigested" "Brain Food" "Starches
turned to Grape Sugar" "Made of entire Wheat
: and Barley," etc., etc., you can apply the following
• ¦:
' ' ' ¦ A /"^^ P I "^ /"^
• ¦•••IT'rWy/. I Ooeo
, Seven years ago the original ready-cooked, predigested Grape-Nuts Food was discovered
and placed before the people.
Its early history shows that the inventor, after recovery from a long attack of nervous
prostration and a well-nigh fatal attack of appendicitis, was brought to realize the urgent neces-
sity for a predigested cereal food that the system could absorb, and that would furnish the body
with energy and also rebuild the Brain and Nerve Centers.
I iltSLlL WSLS LliG
. Jm> M. A. mr T T ¦» * m* A. A.
PROBLEM
With years of training at his back, perhaps no. man was bettei ,
iquipped to solve that problem.
He knew that weak intestinal digestion meant either leave off
eating any starchy foods, Potatoes, Wheat, Oats. Bread, .Cakes anc
Puddings, or suffer distress and disease.
He knew that some starchy food is necessary to supply-
He also knew that delicate particles of Phosphate of Potash
issimilate with Albumen in the food and go to build the gray mat-
ter in' the Brain and Nerve Centers, so the experiments began
md extended over a period of about 2 years,, resulting in the now
world-famous food Grape-Nats.
j Special parts of the Wheat and Barley are selected and so
treated by moisture, heat and time as to change the starch into •
sugar, which can be seen exuding from every granule of Grape-
This form qi predigested starch (now sugar) is quickly taken
up by the blood and deposited in the muscles and tissues, stored
and ready for use when energy- is demanded. ... -.
* • ' Then the little particles (microscopic) of Phosphate of Pottsh
are there as .well, and with the Albumen of food, surely, steadily
and perfectly do their work in rebuilding and making new the
1 . worn-down Brain and Nerve Centers.
« That is the reason why people who know these facts and have
proven them use Grape-Nuts.
Truly "There's a Reason."
Persons who have been built back to strong, sturdy men and
women by adopting scientifically made food, particularly when de-
licious to the taste, are not quick to forget it.
A great original success is always a bid for imitators, but
Grape-Nuts was so hard to copy that for the first five years but
feeble attempts were made by any one to imitate either the food
or the announcements of its merit.
However, about 2 years ago a tremendous rush was made to
get into the ready-cooked food business.
It was like a stampede to the gold diggings.
Several hundred factories were built and the hopes of the
stockholders ran high.
• Had these money-seeking followers gone through the days,
weeks and years of hard experience, in sickness, investigation,
study and experiment that fitted the old originator to bring forth
from his food laboratory a genuine article, intended for a purpose,
. and so skillfully and scientifically blended and made that it would
Do what it was intended to do!!
Or were they forced from lack of early training to "grind" upr Something and "advertise!
thaf will make it go?" *
* The first year of the life of these imitators they did not assume that their foods were "pre-
digested"' or were "brain" foods, but when for some unexplained reason the demand did" not
come up to expectation, they concluded perhaps it might be because they were not advertised as
So. without any change in the articles, and with most amazing effrontery, the makers of
some have now suddenly begun to talk "Brain Food," "Predigested," etc.. etc., copying the an-
nouncement of Grape-Nuts that the public have been familiar with for seven years past.
When you read our words and phrases, "Predigested," "Made from entire Wheat and
Barley," "A Food for Brain and Nerve Centers," etc., etc., fitted to some breakfast food, vou
may know these claims have been cribbed from the original, and are pretenses.
A' genuine originator must have as his actuating motive, honesty of purpose.
•V Imitators Have but one object, MONEY, and that to be gained from the thought and
There is but one and only one gen-
uihe predigested Brain Food aild that is
Grape=Nuts
Look for the little book "the Road to Welivilie"
in each Dackaore
POSTIM CEREAL CO., L't'd
BATTLE CREEK* MICH.
MISCELLANEOUS. ; I
PATTOSIEN'S
Yearly Sale is still bring-
ing: buyers to the Mission.
Everything in the .store is
reduced — now is the time to
get a stove one=th i rd less than
Installment=house prices.
Why burn money? Come
out and see our stock — that's
IT PAYS TO BUY FOR CASH
PATTOSIEN CO.
Cor. J6th and Mission Sts.
AMVSKMKXTS-
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Laet Two Nights of
JOE KELLY
THE PIPE DREAMER.
In the B'.R Musical Cut-up.
The Head Waiters
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
IN CONVICT STRIPES.
A Tferfflf&s Stcry cf Life in South Carolina.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
specTal !
MONDAY AFTERNOON. Jan. 11. at 2:15.
LAST CONCERT
MMB. ADELINA PATTI
(THE BARONESS CEDERSTROM.)
I^ire^ticn ROBERT GRAU. Incorporated.
Management MARCUS It. MAYER.
SIG. I1OMUALDO SAPIO, Conductor.
STEIN WAY PIANO USED.
A BIG, NEW SHOW.
Hallen and Fuller: Dumitrescu, Van
Auken and Vanncrson; The Sa-
V'ans: Charlotte Guyer George,
and Orpheum Motion Pictures.
l.a-"t times of Dcaves' Merry Man-
ikins: Joan Iladen's Cycle of Love:
The Tohins. and Ernest Hogan and
Matni Wilkes. r
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box SeaU
«nd Opera Chairs, 50c
AT C\ A HT A T*> Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR esess
General Manager.
TO-JTtOHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES TO-MORROW A-\L> SUNDAY.
The Picturesque Romantic Play of a Century
A so.
A i a r\v II " Doei an> p !e cr * ait
L,/\L/ I 1 1 to the actors and the
»-« linage management." —
OF ll^ 1
OITAI ITVll "Very excellent pro-
yUrtLl 1 I llductlon."— Chronicle.
Evrs.. CSc to 75c; Mat. Sat. & Sun., 15c to 50c
NEXT MON.— Clyde Fitch's Strongest Play.
THE HOTS III First
tie rLAKE. HI Production-
CENTRALS
Market Street, Near Eighth. . -Phone South 633
TO-NIGHT— LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Revival cf the King cf Sensational
Drama*.
MONTE CRISTO
Th« I'nrivaled Masterpiece of Alexander Du-
mas" World Famous Play. Staged on Stu-
pendous Scale, with Splendid Scen-
ery and Brilliant Cast.
HERSCHEL MATAI>L AS EDMOND DANTES
EUGENIA THAIS LAWTON AS MERCEDES
PDIf*PC Evening* 10c to 50c
I filV-LJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
Monday. January 11— THE MOONSHINERS.
THE |i*ir\I |*>
LAST OF" I I K^t \J
Only Tferee Daji More, emd then We OCfer the
Biggest Hit Sac Francisco Has Ever Known,
"THE BEAUTY SHOP"
With Our "All Star 1 * Cast and MISS HELEN
RUSSELL (her first appearance). MR. JOHN
FEACHET Oils first appearance.)
The Beauty Shop" Is a Purely Local Musical
Comedy.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SAME POPULAR PRICES.
EVENINGS AT 8:15.
BURTON HOLMES
Magnificently Illustrated Lectures.
COLTSn A. — YoscaJite. Tues.. Jan. 12; Yet-
iowstone, Thurs.. Jan. 14; Grand Canyon. Sat
-Tan. Hi. A'.aeka I. The Fjords, Tuee., Jan 19-
AU*k* ri. The Klondike. Thurs.. Jan. 21.'
OOUESE H— St. Petersburg. Wed., Jan 13;
Moscow. Fri.. Jan. 15; Siberia, Mon.. Jan. IS-
Peking. WVri.. j» n . 20; Seoul. Capital cf Korea
Fn.. Jan. 12. g :. ¦¦• ?
nz.$i:n\ KX> SKATS *1, "5c and 50e. at Eher-
raan. Clay t Co/«.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB,
Commencing January 4,
Raring Each Week Day, Rain or Shine.
Mx or More :*aeeS Daily.
Pjces commence at S:15 p. m. sharp
For «peci«j trains stopping at the track take
, ; -£• , Jv"^'- 'J 001 of M* 1 "*" street, at 12.
12:30, 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'ejock. No smoking to
.ast two cars, which are reacrred tor 1adie»
tad their escorts.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:O end Immediately after the last race ,
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AMUSEMEXTS.
f*fll IIMDIA m warns
WULUiHDIA 'MOM TKEATEI
Last 2 Xights— Matinee Saturday.
CHARLES FROHMAN presents '
Clyde Fitch's Comedy of Wit and Sentiment,
The Girl With
The Green Eyes
ZTSXT SU1CD AT RIORT — One Tim* Only
ALBERTA OALLATIN in IBSEN'S
"OHtfSTS."
SEATS BEAST.
BEO. MOlVnAV SEATS HOW
MRS.
LANGTRY
Supported by the Imperial Theater Co.
MRS. DEERINgVdIVORCE.
Tl\/rtl I "OPERA
I I Vv/jLI house.
"OH! BE CAREFUL!"
Fcr tbis is the LAST WEEK of the Holiday
Spectacle, - v
IX1IOIN
A Mythological Musical Extravairacza^ in
Three Acts.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
BEGINNING MONDAY. JAN. II.
When Johnny Gomes Marching Home
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats $1 00
QT04«0RR0W HAPPYW
tOk NICUT ¦¦»»• ¦ ¦ m
i^i nioni IIAA , .a ... fikj
y THE USTJOOLIGAN ?
F3 N«xt Sunday — Miller A Savior'* lj
L 1 company of comedians, headed by (Sj
JN the favorite. JACK CAMPBELL. l^
W In Hoyt's famous Frisco satire. . KJ
U A TRIP TO CHINATOWN^ ft
|^ Ta tt^ T»» ™1> iJ> iM
I
The brittons
And a Great Show Every Afternoon and
ETenlnr in the Heated Theater.
INTERESTING BABIES IN THE INFANT
INCUBATORS.
See Anita and Her Baby Monkey.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Maze.
Take a Trip Down the Flume.
UBfiiCT "CABARET DE LA MOST."
Admission. 10c; Children, 6c.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LANE POPULAR LECTURES.
The First Lecture In This Course Will Be
Delivered by
SB. WILLIAM OPITULS
In LANE HALL of
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Sacramento and Webster Sts.,
On FRIDAY EVENING. January 8.
Subject: "OLD AND NEW FACTS ABOUT
TUBERCULOSIS."
THE LECTURE IS FREE TO ALL.
VEERS
The Highest Priced but
the Best Quality.
•.'¦ »OLt>£VER.Y WHERE.
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.
Pacific Coot Af enta.
Palarp dont tail to
1 a law gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/.till rpoaj. the EMPIRE
UlIU JiARLOR, the
C j PALM ROOM, the
Unind LOUIS XV PAR-
vjiuiiu LOR^ jmd the LA
U i.~1~ DIE S' WRITING
Hotels rqq^/There will .be, an. annual 'meeting of
the) Sempervirens Club at the "Maple
room of ; the -Palace at '2 p.- m. : - to-'mor
row.J?Annual* reports will be read, of
ficers * wills be elected and "John He-
Naught -will deliver an address on the
preservation of- forests'- — ;
Sempenlrcns to 3Iect.
The firsf'a'nnual ball'of the^.Tourig,
Men's i .- Association, held >Jn
Native Sons' Hall last evening, was a
success in every way; The hall,' which
had been '. appropriately ' decorated,
was crowded with members of the or
ganization-and, their friends. The. af
fair, was -.managed '. by. the- following
committeemen:. . ..
• Floor director. Ralph.I.. T^e\-y; assistant floor
directors — Sol K6ecn«lorn/, Henry Loverich. Ja
cob Hpgan. Henry Green, Ml. «s Tessie Sterling.
Mlfs Emma Haymann, Miss Rose Cohn;; re
ception • committee— Joseph f Myers, • Harry
Heraojf, ,T. "Jack Zeklnd, -Jacob Rapheld,'
Ber..1atnin * Harris. -" Harry Koblitx, Jacob
S. Meyer. 'Mrs. A.. Rush. .Miss Felice Tx>w
cob S. Mryer, tin. A. Rush, Miss J'clice Low
onstein. Misn^JeAbie Bernstein. Miss Millie
JV.um. MIm JuU»t Hayman.Mlss Sadie Lapi
da'.re, Miss Tillle Sione. '
Si>end Pleasant Evening.
Favors Change- of. Name -'of -Avenue.
. The Board of Public Works yester
day prepared »a- resolution recom
mending to the Board of J Supervisors
thafthe name of Central avenue, from
Geary street, to . Presidio " 'avenue,
be;changed to, Presidio avenue.' Be
fore transmitting'-. the resolution i the
petition I of owners request
ing'that* the name of the avenue be
changed was re-referred - to ' the City
Engineer, he having 'advised against
the - change. :' A- committee of ladies
fromi the California .Outdoor -League
addressed- the- board- urging* that the
trees r be, allowed to -remain on City
Hall square, but they- were informed
that '*• under^ Judge > Seawell's decision
tlie trees must be. removed." .
Lapique. was. first tried in 1895 on a
charge -of felony, embezzlement. He
,was convicted and sentenced to eight
Tears , in Folsom: penitentiary, but' was
discharged ,in 1898 after- an appeal to
the. Supreme Court. He was only out a
few months "When he' was arrested on
a charge of -forgery.,' He;" was held to
answer; and on March .7,' 1900, was con
victed in. the Superior. Coirrt and was
sentenced to nine years' in Folsom. He
appealed "to 'the' Supreme* Court' and ia
new trial was granted. •. . . , , ¦ "
I^apique insisted-upon beingihis own
counsel.'. A few. weeks ago Judge Cook
sent him ur> before the Insanity Com
missioners for *examination,'*but he was
returned as sane. The Judge in grant-,
ing. the. motionXtoi dismiss
said he, was satisfied 'that Lapique was
n,ot, of. sane mind, j He was only, insane,"
however, in , regard;' to: litigation, but
•not danf;erousito^be.at>large. ;He sup
posed. Lapique • would "insist upon - get
ting'backMn'jairsoqn"'.'-: " " "- *>" '
' Jean Lapi«iue,- after 9 being neari>
ejght years continuously' in the' County
Jail awaiting-_ the * final trials !*of - cases
against him,". was' set at • liberty by
Judge Cook yesterday, onmotron of the
District Attorney,: who said, there was
an' insufficiency, of evidence against the
defendant. • •;- ¦-. - ;
Jean Jj» pique . Given Freedom After
Belns: Xearly Eijclit jl'enrs in
/ County Jail.
CLAIMS ; HE : IS- INSANE? . A^'
: . I / ; REGARDING . IjITIGATION
Seven of the fifteen guarding inspec
tors whose positions were declared,va
cant by order of the Treasury Depart
ment .have been proVidedv with other
positions in 4he: customs service? The
Collector has been authorized to retain
the remaining eight in their positions
until such time as he may find vacan
cies for them in another department of
the service. -..
Customs; Collector Stratton has/ an
nounced the following promotions and
transfers: W." I. Kip, clerk, promoted
assistant to the auditor at $1800 per. an
num. Luther Osborne, clerk, promoted
assistant cashier at $1600 per annum,
vIceB. F. Small, transferred. Frank
J.Halpin,. discharging officer at $4 per
diem, transferred to clerk in the" cash
ier's -department j at $1400 per ' annum,
vice Luther Osborne, promoted. . : B. F.
Small, assistant cashier, transferred, at
his own request, to discharging officer
at $4 per diem, vice Frank J. Halpin,
transferred. . . .. ¦. .,. ¦ . '•'.'•I',-
Will Not Be Deprived of Their Posi
tions Until. They Are Placed in
. Other Departments.
GUARDING INSPECTORS . .
-^ «> TO BE PROVIDED FOR
Trouble In the Painters' Union.
mere is trouble in the Painters'
Paperhangers- and Decorators' Un'on'
Yesterday A. C. Barinque, the newly
appointed secretary, secured a search
warrant from Police Judge Mogan to
recover from E. O. Brundage, the re
tiring secretary, who lives at 3191
Twenty-third street, the books, seals
and other papers belonging to the
union, which Brundage refuses to
n:ind over.
PROBABLE WrNWEBS.
Tirst race — Amaia, Ball »«ed, Th«
Miller.
Second ract — Marlin. Sujrden, Pat
Morrlssey.
Third race — Matt Hofma, Tux* Salt,
Cousin Carrie.
Fourth races — 2.apidus, Tom SUrls,
Expedient. a :.,'*':
Tlf th race — Bombardier, Telephone,
_ini»ni?.«. ' ' "'•
Slxta race — rin»h et a old, Joe Xeaaer.
Kirrette. ¦•;-*_•
Noted Rcinsman Passes Away.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Jan. 7.— George
J. Fuller, aged 69, one of. the greatest
drivers of trotting horses In the "coun
try and who at one time had charge of
the stables of the Czar of Russia, is
dead. .
Mnst Hare Certificates.
Dr. Dudley T*It. secretary of the
State Board of/ Medical • Examiners,
secured warrants from Police Judge
Cabanlss yesterday, afternoon for
the arrest of Dr. Carl W. von Tiede
mann. Dr. J..C. Cowden, Dr. George
Herbein and Dr. Julien Waller. They
are accused of practicing medicine
without the necessary certificate.
Two Clubs Apply foir- Permit.
The Tosemite Club and Pacific Ath
letic Club yesterday petitioned the Su
pervisors for permission" to give a pro
fessional boxing exhibition during
February. The petition states that the
club paid the annual license of $1200
Grand President's Visit.
Grand President Stella Finkeldey
will pay an official visit to Genevieve
Parlor, Native Daughters of the Gold
en West, in Its hall, South San Fran
cisco, this evening. This will be for
members of the order only.
For .a time last night the struggle for
mastery 4n. the -management of Ingle
side Coursing Park, which has been in
progress in. the courts for some months,
was transferred to the hall' in which
the draw was held. , . .
R. P. Julian; who represents Mrs.
Lizzie M. Donovan, -one> of- the -owners,
announced that th"ere would be but one
day's coursing, this -week. Dominick
Shannon, manager of the park, would
not let the draw proceed on these" lines,
saying' that as a two-day meeting had
been announced it was unjust to the
greyhound owners". to run- but'oneday.
Julian left. the room, taking with. him
the materials for the draw;
He returned after, a time and . the
controversy . was resumed. Julian and
his party finally retired to another
room and. the' drawing was' held. fdr a
two days' meeting, as' originally pro
posed by. Mr. Shannon. The draw re
sulted as follows: '. •
Ma«nr Clalr vs.: Pathfinder; Ratrr^d Actor
v*. Intruder; Ouida vs. Wedsewood; High
Born v«. . Gold Chain : . Kafldlngion . vs. .Ru'sh
away; Rartlme v§. Prometheus; Lady Pinta
ve. Jlrh Anthony; Boots v». BTanche Jewett;
Kannle Huichie vs. Sisklyou: Kncore vh. Med
dresoine:Toxy Quiller vs- Slivenamon; White
Stocking vs.. Flora I>U; Mis« Wilson v».
Irlsli Lad; . General de-W«t-v». Touns Fear
leas; Texas Hetty Vs. Bob R; Joe Pasha vs.
Lulu «Girl; Don Pedro v«. Sofala; Mollle Me
vs. Free- Born;. Frisky Hoy.'. va." Jessie Dear;
Mi Amlio vi. Lord Onward; May Flush vs.
Hose of Gold; Lily York v.«. Ganclng Pa*ba;
Full Moon vs. Royal Sport;. Van 'Alba vs.-Har
lean Gladys; ¦-• Brilliancy vs. Mercy;
Crawford • Bell vs. • Menlo PrinceT Real Ducheas
vs.. PlouKhman; Monbells ..vs. Pac'inK.'.Bllly:
Helen Hayes ' vs. Golden Rule; .Woodland Girl
vg/Donnybrook; Whisper vs. Comstoc^; North
ern Lad vs. Dart away; Creswickvs. Medley;
Frisky Barbara .Vb. ' Lord Goff; Lost Girl v».
Beauty Gold; Toronto vs. Equator: Hose Tret
vs. .Texas Gill; .Little Plungrer. vs.. Pure Pearl;
Miss Green vs. Una; Little Lucy vs.- Our Min
nie: Homer Boy .vs. .' Irvlncton Tralee; .Golden
Lisht vs. Bella Lloyd; Glaucus vs. Prosresso;
Maid- of Mercy vs. Wild Norah; Cloudburst vs.
Bonnie Hmrhle; M«.r«ruerette vs.: Topsy Tur'vy;
Flnoola vs. Rich Argosy? Doc Burns vs. Ml
ras;e. I J ..•-•. • • . ' . .
¦¦"Xo record can;.be made with a wind
shield other, than the/ordinary dirt
shield and pacemaker in front. •."
"A performance with pacemaker in
front,- with :dirt' shield, 'shall be re
corded with adistingulshin'g mark, re
ferring to a note stating the facts."
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.— The joint com
mittee of the National Trotting Associ
ation decided .to-day to disallow Lou
Dillon's record of 2:05 to a high wheeled
ball-bearing sulky, made at. Cleveland
September 12 last. The committee said
this wasdone "because the. mare had
previously^ performed, in faster time,
-which performances-was her'record and
precluded a slower performance I being
a record. . >' ' . '
. "We also find that the performance of
Maud S at- Cleveland in, 1S85. was to a
high wheeled/ piain" axle sulky, accord
ing 'to rules; that the time.; 2:08%, was
not, only her best time, but the . best
time ever made" Up' to that- date, and
was a, record.".. . . t
• In regard to the use of wind shields
the committee's findings- are as fol
lows: ' " ' ' ' v ¦ .
to Tax Collector Smith in,-. «-^
Corbetf-Britt contSt Wil?lS k Tou 2 r
off under the permit. * brought
55S5 O'Hatsn (Doss) •. 114
6441 Flush of Gold (Oweni 107
55J?5 McGrathiana Prince <Reagan> 1O4
55S7 Gorgaleta (Fitzgerald) 07
Chickadee (Ktuber & C*>.) 102
•Apprentice allowance.
WILAJAM MeMURRAY TO
J, LEAVE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Resigns to Accept Important Position
Under Manager Pollok of St.
Francis Hotel.
William McMurray. head of the in
formation bureau of the Southern
Pacific Company, has handed in his
resignation to take effect on February
J. He Is to become a representative
of the new Si. Francis Hotel.- under
Manager Pollok, and among: other du
ne- of his new position will- be the
establishing and conducting of, a bu
reau of information in connection
with the»hotel. on lines similar to the
department of which he is 'now. the
head in the Southern Pacific Com
pany. The news of McMurray's -resig
nation from the railroad f.ompany
r. as received with considerable sur
prise by the employes of .the. uptown
offices, for- He has been regarded as a
valuable man in the passenger depart
ment of the. road, and has been ener
trttic in carrying out the' various proj
ect* of the company for advertising
California. He has been connected
with the company for more than fif
teen years. • ';-'. *
Amaranth Installation!
The officers of Crescent Court Xo.
I of the Royal and Exalted Degree of
Amaranth will be installed, Sn public
in the Golden Gate asylum this even
ing. The ceremonies of this order are
tery impressive and among? the most
beautiful of the installations in the
ftiffercnt orders. &u Y*-.V
National Trotting- Association
Refuses to Allow Lou Dil-
Jon's High wheel-Sulky Mark
. . .. .. • '.
Legal Fig-lit for Mastery in
the Management of Ingleside
Park Renewed Outside Courts
NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan/ 7.— Crescent City
results: • - ¦¦ ¦ .
. First race, stt furlongs, selling — Falkland
won,, Bronx second, -.Preaknees third. Time,
l:1«*-5. ¦ {
Second race, selling, one mile — Krbe won,
Louisville second, Floyd K third. Time,
'1:45 2-5. .-
Third race, six and a hal/ furlongs — Eva
Rust-ell won. Mrs Golightly second. Style third.
Time. .1:2c
Fourth race, seven furlongs — King Croker
won. Clangor second, St. Tammany third. Time,
1:313-3.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Frank Rice" won/
Ralph Young second, Kachael Ward tnlid.
Time. l:'J2.'5-5.
Sixth, race, one and a sixteenth miles—Hy
mcttus won, The Hcgent second, Malay third.
Time, 1:53 l-5.- :
NEW ORLEANS RACE RESULTS.
MAUD S' MILE
IS THE RECORD
STRUGGLE OVER
COURSING DRAW
KOTED AUTHORITY ON SPORTING DOGS WHO ARRIVED HERE
YESTERDAY EN ROUTE TO BAKERSFIELD TO ."JUDGE ~THE
FIELD TRIALS, AND; ONE OF THE ENTRIES.' s - •
Mr. Bell is an expert with the camera
and his collection of photographs of
field dogs in action is one of the finest
in America. He has given up some of
his leisure each year since 1892 to act
as a field trial judge, his latest service
being rendered the Monongahela Field
Trials Club.
The meeting was to have been held at
Hobinson, 111., but no birds were found
There. A baggage car and a Pullman
were chartered and owners, handlers
¦ nd dogs were whisked away to Wash
ington Courthouse. Ohio, 300 miles dis
tant. Birds were plentiful there and the
trials were successfully conducted.
Judge Bell, who is an affable and a
companionable man. was met upon his
arrival by Secretary Albert Betz of the
Field Trials Club and by Dr. C. W.
Hibbard. He was shown about the city
yesterday. He will leave for Bakers
fleld to-morrow night and will spend
Sunday on the ground over which the
trials will be run. These will commence
Monday.
I Mr. Bell is the head of the photo^
priaphic supply house in Pittsburg
Wearing his name and finds. his recrea
tion in the field. He owns a kennel of
thirty sporting dogs equally divided be
t ween setters and pointers, in whose
veins courses the best blood obtainable
in America. Pride of place is held by
Marschan by Champion Lady's Count
Gladstone-Latonia. His sire was Count
Gladstone IV, well known on this
coast, while the dam was by Antonia-
Oulda F.
W. S. Bell of Pittsburg:, a recognized
authority on sporting dogs, arrived in
this city yesterday en route to Bakers
field, tfhere he will act as judge of the
forthcoming meeting of the Pacific
Coast Field Trials Club.
OAKLAWP KACETKACX— THURSDAY. Jan. 7.— Weather fine. Track fast.
B054. FIRST RACE-SIx furlocgs; wiling: maiden 3-year-olds and up: value to trst. $":»•
1 -" dcx i 1 '' " Hor8e~and Owner. Wtj*St7'i4. Vj. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. OP- J^
8255 Lamorie,. 3 (Dlaslngame)..... "«5 4 ... 1 3' 1 2%1 'i 1« S^^k"!!,, 15 15
4514 Cracko. 4 (U Levy) ........ 105k5 ... 3h 3 1 32 2 2 J. T. Shehn 15 *•».
4€5.: Libervale. 3 (D. McCarty).... 93'« ... 21 2 S 22 32 . T. Butler. . » ™
rrJ S P un<1 «ary. 3 (Bums & W.). 10.J 11 ... 91 63 43 4n iBell •••£¦•• 0 :* „
5534 gatldor. 4 (W. P. Fine).... 10S 3 ... 4 3 4 V* » \ »2 W. NarVaes li *•»
MS7 Virginia Boy. 3 (Winter t-Xo) 03 12 ... 11 2 6^6* tf 1% U J ac J t9O . n - J a •>
KS D . n Blrd »H..3 (McConnell).. 98 13 ... 7 h III? TV, Hllderbrnd 5 9-^
0450 r Mae Scott, 3 (C.W. Carroll). 81 1 ...10 2 10 10 2 S n O. Bullmaa 2O «»
449S Joe John. 4 (P. G. Lane).... 105 7 ... 5<n 9 » 1 0 2 Connell .... *» . *»
6595 Stlmy. 3 (H. Stover) fa 8 .. 12 12 11 10 Vx Reed »* *T
R412 Hetrolla. 4 (Knight 6 Co.)... 10R 14 ... 14 14 12 115 Greenfleld. 2O 2O
»*» Theodora L. 4 yp. E. Smith). 101 9 ...J3 13 13 12 H. Smith.. 2O 20
B020 Road Agent, 6 (T. H. Ryan). 105 1O ... 8 4 SI 8 n 13 Larsen »»
2307 |r>obcrt J. tt (Alhambra Sta,). 105| 2 ... Gill 14 14 Donovan .. 3O 4O
Time— :22%. :40. 1:15. At post 2Vi minutes. Off at 2:15'4. Larnorie. P'*<=e. 15; aho^r S.
Craeko, place. 6; show. 3. Libervale show 5-2. Winner, bile. g. by Wemberg-Vie
; trjss. Trained by W. L. Appleby. " Start good. Won cleverly. Next four drtvlnar.
Winner had speed and just lasted. Libervale a hot Up. Away bettar Dundreary
*~JJZ^J^J^l e ™'^^-_I>T. Blrdaall a flow beginner. Altogether a^job^lot^^.^^^^^^
5655. SECOXD RACE— 3# furlongs; purse; 2-year-olda; value to first. |325.
Index . ,. . ; Horse and Owner. Wt St. »4. Y2. %l Str. Fin. Jockey. Op- Cl.
5512 Pr'nee Brutus (Cameron) 115 1 ...... 16 15 14 Bullman .. 7-5 3-3
5619 Peggy O'Neil (R. A. Smith).. 112 5 3 n 2 2 1 Larson .... 12 20
/*ri;o, £ ri8b * <Napa sto - iL Farm).. 112 2 2n 3 1 3 »i C Kelly... 30 ., f*
mJS* l Ienry Ach <B - Scbreib«r) 113 .1 4 14241 Burns » 11- tj
6619 Storma (Burns & Waterhouse) 112 4 5 2 62 5n Bell 1* 25
;«;A ¥*. Ti Z J <M - J <> nes ) "2 8. «1 72 6 2 J. Daly .. 3O 2O
061D Salable (Blasingame & Co.).. 113 9 ...... 7 1 6 »i 7 5 Hoar 30 4O
Steel Wire (H.. Stover) 112 6 8 3 S3 8 4 S«« O> 1<»
Willa (A. T. Dobson) ...112f7 ... . 0 194 03 T. Butler.. 3O 60
Onondulum (Mrs. Miller) 112110 10 8 10 1010 8 J. Martin.. 3(> 5»
.... Mogregor (Blanchl & Co.).... 113)11 ... ... 11 11 11 Donovan .. 30 60
Tlm j7^ 2 ?. 1 '*- :41%: At P° st * minutes. Off at 2:43. Brutus, place, 2-5; show. l-«.
O Neil, place. G; show. 7-5. Arisbe show 5. Winner, eh. c. by Brutus- Princess.
Trained by D. Cameron. Start good. Won in a gallop. Second easily. Third driving.
Prince Brutus had the field to himzelf. Arisbe vu green but fast, and carried Henry
Ach almost to the outside fence on the stretch turn. Latter never had a «hanc«.
Storma showed Improvement. Marie J Is fast. Onondulum and Mogregor wheeled and
were practically left. . .
SC5C. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs: selling; maiden 3-year-olds and up: value 1st. $323.
Index! .Horse and Owner. ~Wt St. 44. 14. «i . Str. Fin. I Jockey. OpI CU
C ,*J el L rant - 3 (Hamilton Sta.) 98 2 ... 1 1* 1 % 1 lyil 3 Larsen .... 1 «-»
64S8 IBrlght Moon, 6 (Garland Co.).;i06| 6 ... 3h 53 52 2n J. Martin.. « *
?«£? Oene Han <"»n, 3 (Schreiber).. j 88110 ... 6 % 4 V2 3 h 3 % Kunz 13 . 10
*;?t K - Reubold - * ( Appleby & Co.) 1031 4... 4h3n2n41 T Butler. . 20 23
*£;'* Jonorah. 5 {E. Schlff) |1O5 11 ... 91 6h 7h 5n J T. Shehn 10 12-
Sion c " nd ' da , te - 5 «H.E. Rowell).. 10S 8 ... 71 7n H8 82 Hildebrand I 13 13
*l~n » (Pritchard).... 103 3 ... 2 % 2 I*i4 1 7 « L. Jackson. 3O «>
J'f Minimum 3 (R . Sn | der) w „ ...102 On 9n 83 J Jones... 15 2O
£?%¦ V!?. UrU# 3 <Mrs - s = h <>") •••• 01 -1 ... 8 h » 5 6 n 0 1 Reed « 1»
J n ") ln ». * (Stockton Stable).. IKX5113 ...13 6 12 110^10 2 Donovan .. 2O 23
rSi Injftruin «nt. 3 (McAllister). ...1 1C2|14 ...14 13 2 111113 C.Kelly.. « 12
5..S0 Reno Eelle. 0' (Washoe Sta.)jlO3i 5 ... 5 n 10 1 12 2 12 2 W. Daly .. 30 BO
J£2? Rionda « <R- Hughes) 11O!12 ... 12 1 11 2 13 2 13 4 See 15 2O
65 iLJi o _ So ,_ 4 .J9. ;_?• 'McK«HXl«^.: .|106| 7 ... 1 1 1 14 14 14 jRceder .... a 30 60
Time— -:24H. :40. 1:14%. At post 3 minutes. Oft at 3:CS. Celebrant, place. 7-10; show.
1-3. Moon. Place. 3; show. 8-5. Handlan. show. 2. Winner, ch c. by Bathampton-
Ave Marie Trained by J.-Glyens. Start good. Won easily. Next three driving hard.
Cakewalk for winner. Bright Moon ran a fair race. With a better »end oft Gene HancJ
lan would have been dangerous. : Candidate will Improve. Wistaria cut oft on back
---J^V^^J^}^- ° a - - b ? d - ly '. J^strument won't So.
B657. FOURTH RACE— One'mlle and fifty yards; selling; 4-y«ar-olds & '.'up; to ""first. , *ZX.
Index! .Hone and Owner. Wt St. %. %. S«r. Fin. Jockey. Op! cIT
66T52 IHIpponax. a (P. G. Lane).... 106 5 11 TYwlt 1~5 1 4 Betl t ' T -s
5642 Gawaine. 6 (W. E. Cotton).... 101 2 2 14 4 h 5 V. i 2 2 n Hildebrand' 1* 15
r,fi.M) Emily Oliver. 6 (R. H. Clark) 107 1 6 n 8 1 8 3 8 ti 3 2',i Bums S "
(5C32)!ei Fonse. 6 (C. P. Fink) 114 3 7 1^5 * 3 n 6 2 4 2 J. T Shehn 4 H
0622 iMarello. 5 (J. Qulnlan) 114 4 3 % 2 £ 2 2 2 1^5 IK U Jackson S l"
8313 El Pllar. 5 (A. A. Haskell)... 110 9 9 * 7 n* 6 n II 6 2- iFroten i* 1W
5618 Fryer, 4 (T. H. Ryan) 102 7 8 n 3 n 4 n 6 ij 7 n J. Martin 4 ik.<\
S6CS .El Oriente. 8 (W. J. Spiers).. 1C5> 8 41 (11 7 fc « 2 ¦ 8 2 ILarsen 5-* ?
SgM iKIrkumbob. a (Wal» & Co.)..|100| 6 5 h O 9 0 » lOreenflel'd".' SO «S
Time— :24Vi. :49>i. 1:13%. 1:42 1:43.' At post V, minute. Of! at' 3:32V*. Hinoonax TJlaci.
«! «l»o». 3-5 Gawaine. place, 5: show. 5-2. OHvar. show. 3--; • Wtene? bST?. by* KS
. colo-Lowland Ijiss.- Trained by A. C. Dean. Seratche«— Pat Morrtsaey. Chorus Bor
Dr. Blssell Start good. _ Won very easily. Next thres drtvlnx hard.. Winner ran away
from M.« neld. Gawaine showed some Improvement El Fotue could not get up El Plfar
. ?a!d. "After you,, my dear El Fonse." as he always does. They arc brothtrs • «Tw»
SO5S. FIFTH RACE— Five 'and a half furlong*; purse; 3-ye^r^rdVa^d^ up-^to~ flrrtT $325?^"*
Index 1 Ijorse acd Owner.. . IWttSt: *A.~. *j. %. Str. Tin. \ Jockey" j O^! Cll
B512 iMoney, Muss, 6 (H. Green)... |"lO5| 3 ... S 1>,3 1 2 1H1 I | Hildebrand I 7-2
4502 |L«tola. 3 (Jennings & Co.)....l 911 5 :.. lh 1 1 1»*3 1- (COTnell I L* 12 A
5453 (Hagerdcn. a (H. L. Frank)... ]IO3| 4 ... 5 6 4,1 * 13 4 |B«11 '" | 7.K I5
5B11 |The Don, 4 (II. E. Rowell)... 10S 1 ... 4 2 A 2 ft 3 4 0 IHaacli 1 6 T
3003 !Xarra G. 6 (C. Mulkey) 110 2 ... 2 % 2 % 4 3 5 3 S«e \ 2O J»
(4397)|Creydmore. 4 (McCowan) 105 6 ... 6 6 6 8 |Kun» .'.'.*.'.'.[ 100 2cU
Time— :24. :48V4. 1:C7. At post 1 minuti. Off at 3:08. Muu, place. 7-5; show. 3-5. L* t olm
. place. 4-5: show. out. . Hagerdon. show. out. Winner, ch. g.' by The H*ro.lJ»!n r«»
. Que>ti. Trained by E. Getchel I. Start good. Won cleverty. Next two dr^ln* vXSI»
Mum was pocketed for a time, but got through on stretch turn. He bore In on Letola
last part of It. but claim of foul was not allowed. This race will do LetolaVood H? rSr
don was bumped at start and later .on cut oft by winner. He was probably best 'tjwi Eon
lacked _ speed. . •_ _ * ° xn>a
r.UTift. SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles:" selling ; 4-y«a r-olds JKsT*
Index I Horse and Owner. WtjSt. %.¦¦%. %. str . Fln> 1 Jocke y 1 Op
G5S7 iCaronal. 4 (Chappelle tc Co.). 102 2 4 S h 2 n 1 y, \ V, lLarsen T**TT^
B.V51 .Stlllcho. 4 (W. B. Jennings).. 06 1 3^5 4n3H2S Htldebrand" I x
65S7 JHeather Honey. 4 (Leach Co.) 94 3 1 n 2 h 3 1 4 2 3 v. Kuni 1 « S
65S5 iDlamante. 4 (AV. J. Spiers)... MM 4 5 4 1»i5 5 44 Burn* 1 ,?* 2
C551 IMeehanus. a (T. T. Rector). .J113 5 2 1^1 l'jl 1 21 5 Hoar ."."" ij "^
Time — :25. :5O. 1:16. 1M2U. 1:54. At post Vj minut-. Off at 4:24. Caronal ni»»- *~Z T —
out. Stilicho. Diace. B-5; show. 2-5. Honey, show. 2-5. Winner b h P If*' 2l 5: " how -
Orellana. Trained by C. W. Chappelle. Start-good. Won In a hafd drtvl »7. St " 9^'^
rtrivlng. Caronal well ridden and beat. Stilicho did his b««t. To far fo^-.HT°- « TblT<1
Diamante stood for a terrific cannonading, but conld do no good Shorter ,?¦ ? H 9 ne J r -
Meehanu.-. - «° Od ; Shorter disunce .mt.
• Fifth race, one mile, ••Hint:— Cloche d'Or.
1>4 (E. WAlsh). 4 to 1, won. .Henry Clay Hye.
112 (Miles*? a to 1. second; Glenrlco, 05 (J.
Hooker); 4 to 5, third.. Time, l:42?i. Ultruda,
Ohio Girl. Ulm, Rio Shannon. Taxman, Mira
cle II and Anvil also ran. * -
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs — Blissful.
97 (Slnnott), 10 to 1, won; E. M. Brattain. 107
(Blrkenruth). 8 to 5. second; Redan, 107 (Red
fern), «2% to 1, third. Time. 1:15. Gehelm
ness. also ran.
Fourth race, Slauson course, selling— Madam
Bishop,. 110 (J. Lewis), 3'/i to 1, won; Llttlt
Margaret, 111 (Birkeriruth), 2^i to 1. eecond;
Almoner, 117 (McClees), 12. to 1. third. Time,
1:12 H- Labor, Landseer, The Covenanter.
Double O, Jim Gore II, Evander and Jona B
also ran. ' -
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Quest, 99
(T. Walsh), 3 to 1. won; Pat Hammen. 101
(Redfern). 4'A to 1, second: Metlakatla. 01
(Anderson), « to 5,. third. . Time, 1:1(5. Col
leen Bawn, Negnisca, Effervescence and Wln
nlfreda als>o ran. .
First race, Slauson course, ' selling— Geisha
Girl. Ill (P. Phillips).- 5 to 1. won; Jlnjrler.
117 (H. Boland), 15 to 1, second; Brown Prince,
112 . (Buxton). . 3 to- 1. third. Time. 1:12%.
Mays, Qulsado, Judge Kapton, Tloleta. Jack
Rlrhelleu Jr. and t lorlsta also ran.
Second race, three furlongs, purse, for 2
year-olds—Lady Lasea. 107 (Redfern), 1 to 3,
won;,AxelIna, 113 (J. Bolans). 8 to 1. second;
Hilona. 112 (VV. Adam*). 50 to 1, third. Time,
:37: Ella Owen, La Torteza. C. P. Water
house, BIshoD Poolc, and BecketJr
Hodi also ran. - •> - ; ; .. - " "-„ ¦ •
Quest took the third number at six
furlongs.. Pat Hammond second, ,and
Metlakatla, the favorite, third.
The fourth race resulted in another
defeat for the favorite, Madame Bishop
winning handily from Little Margaret.
Cloche d'Or, at 4 to 1,- took the fifth,
a mile. selling race. .Henry Clay Rye
was .second "and Glen Rice, third. Glen
Rice was played off the board for this
race. He opened at 6 to 1 and was
backed down to 4 to 5 at post. He fin
ished a poor third.
i The feature of the card was the last
race, a six-furlong selling affair. There
were four starters— Blissful, Redan,
Gehelmness and E. M. Brattain. Tke^
last three were played from start to
finish by those supposed to be best
posted, while Blissful, although she Won
a splendid' race yesterday at practi
cally the same odds, was overlooked
and drifted from 10 to 1 to 12 to 1 at
post 'time, r At this price hundreds of
small bettors got aboard. Brattain was
a hot favorite. He led to the saddling
paddock, where Blissful came through
with a rush and .won by a length. Brat
tain was second and Reflan third..
Weather fine: track good.
; SUMMARY.'
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 7.— An attrac
tive programme , at Ascot Park this aft
ernoon drew, the largest crowd of the
season. More than 8000 persons passed
through' the gates, three-fourths of
them being women. The racing was
exciting and,* notwithstanding the, de
feat of five mt of six favorites, the
public seemed to" have. the best of the
argument. "
The first - race, over the Slauson
course, went to Geisha Girl at odds
of 5 to 1. Jingler. was second, a length
in front of Brown Prince.
- The second race was for two-year
olds at three furlongs. Lady Lasca,
having started once before and hav
ing finished a close, second "to Pinker
ton, winner of the first
dash ofthe year, was made a red hot
favorite at 1 to 2. At this price it
looked' good and was forced down to
1 to 3. The Libertine filly ran away
from the' others, finishing a half dozen
lengths ahead of Azellna, with Hilona
third. -
Blissful, an Outsider, Beats
E. M. Brattain by Length
in a Six-Furlong Kacc
¦'¦: Sixth -'race — One mile and seventy yards;
four-year-old mares an-i geldinss; purse:
-664.r» Oratter. CBlaslnsame) ".> ..109
562.1 Nigrette « Jennings &Co.) 102
0635 Joe Lesser (Beam?) ........ .........:. ICtt
Fifth race^ — Six and a half furlongs; three
year-old*: cellln?: ¦ ' "
RCSft 'Coroner Kelly ¦ (Bender & Co.) :: 1C5
55<a Bombardier (Jennings).. 107
5460'Misr Betty ( Ferjrcson) : ...;......' ill
S5C2 'Telephone i (Smith) . . . . . .' . . ;\CK
. MSO 'Harbor (Rowell) ¦ .....". . .*. 101
fifilH Lustifr (Schreiber) ...- ](«
r.e3l *A na nlas (Schorr) 107
MX" 'KttTu Brute. {Moran).'. .-.".'.. ..;.,.;.lfi0
&415 Northwest (Stover) .. 101
Fourth race — One and a s sixteenth' miles;
four-year-olds and up; selling:'
5032 Milas ". (Hanna) ......... .104
CC47 *Optimo (Blakeman) '..;.. 1C0
5(KJ2 MacGyle (Boots & Hollenbeck ..:.... 101
' 5610 'Dotterel (O'Rourke) n»
5C34 'Achilles (McCabe & Co.) 1C0
6G0B 'Uonator' (Mulholland ...... . .' fls«
B587 G. ,\V. Trahern (Kentucky stable) ..101
5632 'Expedient (Smith) I ....:.. '.. OC
6420 Slsenvtne , «Stoer)^. .. ..1CI
5506'Lapldus ' (Daly) -' . . . .. . . . . . ... . . . 0!)
5620 'Tom Slavin (Clifford) ¦... :.. OT
5623 Frank A%*oods (Garden City stable) Ill
First race— Futurity course; 4-year-o!ds and
upward; seHIn-: ' » -•
WS1H Bell Keed (Stantteld) .V..10.1
5C20 The Stewardess (Winter &"Co.). ..*.. . JOS
•Uictma (Robb) 1C4
5520 Lady Kent (Wellman) 105
.WHO Amasa «Rowley) 107
5338 Saul of Tarsus (Wall) lot
. AS84.*Ku«tlc Girl (Fltznerald) ;... 10O
CU43 Thcron (McAuliffe) 107
MUS'Tuck Back (Ross) : 103
-now 'The illl'rr (McNeil) A 107
M»70 First Chip (Crandall) ICC
5434 M lisa ' Vera (Lynch) 105
Second .race— One mile: 3-year-clds . and up
ward; «elltn~: ¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦ ..- '¦--¦
5287 •Respli*tor . <Eo<»«?cke> '. .. OS
GG-_»2.*Velina^:ir.rk (McAlesler) 100
BOOS Pat Mqrris>»:>- (Wellman).. 107
r>C20 Constable (Stockton Stable) 107
CC47 »MarHn (Dender) «... 97
OGOB *llhlr.uon' (Kandall) JC2
4»>"0 Antoloe <MeCafl>rTy) 107
OGOZ Tamm (Magranc) 101
47i>2 Mordent* ««toer) ' 1>«
B0M5 Pre'stolua <DevIn & Co.) 1CB
G«22 • Bugclen (McSaraet) 107
CC20 •Billy Mocrc (Rectcr) OS
Third race-jFuturity course; 4- year-olds and
upward; yelling: ¦ /¦
5506 'Quiet (Rowell) '.......1C3
61-14 Lurene (Pritchard) 112
r.r,S4 Matt Hr.stan (Magrane )..... ....Ill
5560 i-'aintly. (Crowe) 117
0440 My Surpriss ( Rogers) IK!
BU44 *Pure Uale (Thomas & Reavey). ...... 96
5302 'Courln Carrie (Burger) 10O
5G12 Our Pride (Tate) 114
6C44 Htlla* (Creely) 110
6451 PIcka way (Jackson) ., x 107
C5G0 Mr. I'hlnzy (Blakenian) ....110
KJOO Bcrendos (Green) . .^r: a.. .114
EXTRIES'FOR TO-DAY.
Larsen piloted two winners and once
finished second.
While Henry Ach was carried wide
on the stretch - turn the Schreiber
youngster lacked speed when headed
for the wire. He must have been suf
fering some ill effects from his first
race. '• ¦ .. '
It was supposed that the speed pos
sessed by Flyer would carry him to the
front, on the strength of - which the
Ryan horse was backed to win the
fourth race. In Jack Martin's hands
this electrifying turn of speed was as
dull as a boarding-house carving knife,
and the sorinter.. finished among the
"alsocrans." • ,
A LONG SHOT SCORES.
First choices fared none too well, de
camping with but two purses. The sur
prise of the afternoon was furpished
by Lamorie, which I won the . first race
at odds of 50 and 60. to 1.
Fourteen maidens started in the
opening six-furlong run, and the win
ner turned up in the 60 to .1 shot
Lamorie, ridden by Crossthwaite. The
gelding had. but 85 pounds to shoul
der, and after cutting out all the pace
lasted long 1 enough to beat Cracko,
another outsider, a neck. Libervale
ran third. Dundreary, the favorite,
from. the Burns & Waterhouse stable,
got away almost last of the big
bunch, and then ... finished fourth.
Away better he could not have lost.
The maiden six-furlong event saw
fourteen "more platers of all ages face
the webbing. Celebrant, . which
started for the first time in the Ham
ilton stable colors, was a pronounced
favorite, and with Larson on his back
won in ragtime. Bright Moon .took
the place from Gene Handlan in a
hard drive. The latter was away
poorly or he would have been a con
tender at the end. |
El Oriente did not last long • after
being installed as favorite for the mile
and fifty-yard selling affair. The odds
receded from 2^ to 5, and his show
ing: Justified the betting. Because of
possessing a. bunch of speed the tal
ent finally settled on Flyer as favorite,
but the Ryan horse also proved a
disappointment. Hipponax, at 3% to
1, piloted by Bell, made all the run
ning, and scored hands down from
Gawaine; a 15 to 1 shot. . Burns
dropped Emily Oliver down in the
show. Marelio quit after beinpr the
runner-up for most of the journey.
HAGERDOVS IIiL LUCK.
Poor racing luck more than any
thing else accomplished the d«feat of
Hagerdon, favorite for the five and a
half furlong purse run. He was
bumped at the start and soon after
ward was cut off by Hildebrand on
Money Muss.
Letola, from the Jennings stable,
developed to be the real hot one and
after leading to the paddock was
nabbed and beaten a length by Money
Muss in 1:07. Hagei*don ran third.
The winner's odds receded from 3'/i
to 5.
With weight off. from his preceding
race and well handled by Larsen, Car
onal annexed, the last event, a mile
and a furlong- selling number." The
Chappelle entry was well played at
9 to 10 and passing Meehanus in the
run home, Larsen stalled off the rush
of Hildebrand astride Stilicho. re
ceiving the decision by half a length.
Heather Honey ran a fair third.
NOTES OF. THE TRACK.
\I£ his first' public essay was not a
pronounced success, Prince Brutus
wiped out the memory. of that defeat
by/ taking,, the second two-year-old
event of the season in a common gallop
yesterday at Oakland - . ,
Because he had on*e nick on his gun,
Barney. Schreiber's youngster Henry
Ach closed a slight favorite over the
Cameron colt. An unavoidable circum
stance deprived the favorite- of all
chance of victory. Among the starters
was-Arisbe, a fast daughter of Brutus,
the entry of the Napa Stock Farm. She
ran green, and breaking away . head
and head with Henry. Ach carried the
favorite out almost from the time the
barrier was released.
' This gave Prince Brutus, with Bull
man up, clear sailing on the rail and
he won by himself. Arlsbe ran an ex
cellent race,- only losing the place .to
Peggy O'Neil ,by a length. Even when
straightened for the stand 'Ach did not
appear to possess the speed shown at
his debut, finishing a close fourth. The
winner stepped the distance : in :41%,
carrying 115 pounds, within a quarter
ol a second of the coast record. -
LADY LASCl IS A WINNER
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Form at a Discount at Ascot
Park, Where Big Crowd Views
an Exciting Day's Sport
W. S. Bell of Pittsburg Arrives in This City En Route to : Bakers
field, Where He Will Pass Upon the Merits of th^;Grack v Poi;nt7
ers and Setters Owned by Well-Known cMen rein"; This ; Coast
Schreiber Two- Year-Old Is Plunged On, but Does Not Show lo Ad
vantage—Lamorie Wins the Opening Race, Quoted at Odds of
6o to" I— Money Muss Defeats the , Heavily Supported Letola
NOTED EXPERT ON SPORTING DOGS
COMES WEST TO JU DGE FIEL D TRIA LS
PRINCE BRUTUS SCORES IN A GALLOP,
WHILE HENRY ACH FINISHES FOURTH
FIVE CHOICES
FAIL TO LAND
SPORES OF THE RACETRACK THE R ING AN D TH E FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISGQirCALL, , FRIDAY. TANUAR^ S, 1904.
10
ADVZB.TUBE3tE2XTS.
V5g . . v - BV b^kI Eh mS £yyk
HtSoB m fB mat <^d
FIVE CENTS
r^2 BflU ¦31 Bw Wrm ESivi 13 pq
ba 3 Evi ' * ' wJSw TSb Mk^i SJA VQ 1m
BEST SMOKE ON EARTH
ON SALE EVERYWHERE
'ADVEBTISEICENTS.
Iff .-,
1 ¦ B i -' -¦¦
|;L§J Ri
IlMJilll 1
Sf * H X Q ' •Auditor for Postofflce . Department.
• WASHINGTON, Jan. , 7.— The %¦_ ap
pointment of JohncJ. McCardy of St.
Paul to be auditor for the Postofflce
Department,. to succeed Henry A. Cas
tle, also of Minnesota, resigned, was
announced to-day.
And all Shoes will be disposed of. The
Men's Clothing Sale will start Just as
soon as the Shoes are sold; so lose no
time. and. «et. your Shoes now at the
Clonlntf Out* Sale, where" $3.50 Men's and
¦ Ladies' Shoes. are sold for only $1.85 a
pair. 815 Market st., opp. Mason.' .-*
Onlyn Few Days More
Prince Cupid Gets a Continuance."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— The case of
Jonah' Kalanianaple (Prince Cupid),
the, Hawaiian delegate, who. was ar
rested a few; days ago On, the charge of
disorderly conduct and who refused to
give collateralto avoid "being locked up
In'ia. cell, was to-day continued until
next Saturday to enable him to obtain
further evidence.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 7.— Orlando
Fountain began an action to-day
against. ex-Councilman Charles D.
Johnaon to cause' him to indorse •_ a
credit o: $1253 82 on a promissory note
which passed from plaintiff , to defend
ant in settlement of their co-partner
ship." The partnership was broken May
8. 1903, and in payment of the purchase
of Johnson's interest Fountain gave a
note of $3150. It is said to have been
agreed between the men ".Iiat any error
discovered should be rectified. After
a month Fountain declared that he had
overpaid Johnson and called on hjm for
a correction. This, It Is alleged, John
son refused, and' the .suit resulted. ; . .**" ¦'-
Sues His Former Partner.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 7.— Postmaster
General Payne, has appointed ,' former
"Representative Eugene F. Loud of Cal
ifornia as the United States delegate
to the International Postal Congress, to
meet in Rome, Italy, next, spring. A
Congressional appropriation of $7500 is
available for the expenses' of the dele
gates. .:*-"¦ * ' ':•:'-: -.»*¦.•.'•-¦¦¦
ternational Postal Congress.
Will to Rome as Represen
tative of the United States at In-
FORMER CONGRESSMAN "LOUD
IS /APPOINTED A 'DELEGATE
RAILROAD MEN BUSY ' • • > -'- ,' ' ;
NEAR S'APA JUNCTION
Southern Pacific, Makes Improve
ments ioi Track and Alterations to
Prevent Loss of Time. * ' •
NAPA, Jan. 7.— The Southern Pacific
Railroad Company is making extensive
and , costly .and permanent , « Improve
ments in the system near Napa Junc
tion. It is evidently with intention' to
sending a greater part' of the overland
traffic to and from San Francisco via
Napa Junction, Shellville and Tlburon.
The track across the Creston hills be
tween Cordelia and I Napa Junction Is
being laid with the heaviest steel- rails
and changes are being made at the
Junction' to enable trains to .'pass
through without unnecessary loss of
time." The new steel Santa Rosa draw
bridge over the Napa River is nearing
completion.
Good Crops Are Raised In Luzon.
MANILA, Jan:> 7.— This is the first
Mother Wants Children Confined.
.JAPA, Jan. 7.— Mrs. M. S. -Napper,
through District Attorney Benjamin<
has filed a petition in ¦¦: '*.ie Superior
Court asking that two of- her sons,
Jesse, aged'16 years, and' Edward, aged
15, be committed to some reform insti
tution, as they are beyond her control.
Judge Gesford is to : attend to the mat
ter, as soon as the case can be brought
before him. ' ; :,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— The Senate
Committee on Commerce to-day or
dered favorable reports on the follow
ing bills: For an immigrant station' at
San Francisco, costing not more than
$200,000; establishing a life-saving sta
tion at the entrance of Tillamook Bay,
Oregon: allowing foreign goods • tq be
received in ports adjacent to Canada
and Mexico in vessels of less than thir
ty tons; "exempting the clothing of.sea
men from attachment.
Senate Committee Recommends Pas
sage of Measure Providing for
a Building in San Francisco.
IMMIGRANT STATION BILL
IS FAVORABLY REPORTED
First Lieutenant Edmund D. Short
ledffe. jLs Detailed as a Member of
Examining Board at Presidio. I
WASH:: ~TON; Jan. '7.— Summer
postofflce dlosed: California— Hermosa
Beach. LoS 'Angeles County; mail goes
to Bedondo.' ' •' % \
Postoffice name changed: Oregon—
Nlcolal, Wasco County,' to Menomlnee.
Postmasters commissioned: Califor
nia — Charles R. Whitcher Jr., Castro
vllle;. Matilde Stevenson, Granlteville;
Robert r K.' Johrfsdn,' Sa'ri Gabriel! Ore
gon— Donald .McDonald, Kellogg.
Navy orders— Lieutenant Cj L.- P.
Stone goes to the Adams; EnsignF.'J.
Home Jr." is detached from t^ie "Adams
and goes to the-Wyominff.,,V. '«•*(* -
Army orders— First Lieutenant Ed
mund'D.- Shortledge, assistant surgeon,
is detailed as a member oft! examin
ing board at San Francisco, vice First
Lieutenant Edward P. Rockhill: •" -"*•*
OF INTEREST ,TO .PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
United States Minister Griscom
Cables That Distinguished Ruler !
Sailed Yesterday on Korea.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7.— United
States Minister Griscom cabled to the
State Department from Tokio under
yrstcrday's date that the Grand Vlxler
of Persia sailed yesterday on the Korea
for '""an Francisco, where he is due on
the 22d InsL .
GRAND VIZIER OF PERSIA
TO VISIT SAX FRANCISCO
| Mrs. Mary E. Hart, famed as an ex
| plorer trf Alaskan wilds. • collector of
! scientific specimens and writer of de
scriptions of the frozen north, arrived
I in this city on Jrfonday' evening, after
' an absence of three years spent In
| Alaska. Mrs. Hart has been appointed
as assistant to Governor Brady of Alas
ka to aid In arranging, an exhibition
at the St. Louis world's fair, and she
has also been appointed a special com
missioner of the Alaska Academy of
Sciences. ¦ ' \ '¦
Mrs. Hart thinks well of Alaska "and
even gx>es so far as' to say that It ii
the richest of all Uncle Sam's posses
sions. According:' to this woman ex
plorer, the northern country Is rich In
many minerals besides gold, and stock
raising and agriculture will soon be im
portant industries. -. ¦ «. ., ..-¦:
i Mrs. Hart was • appointed a special
I commissioner to the World's fair in
Chicago to take charge of the Alaskan
exhibit at that time, and her work won
for her praise from scientists, all over
the country. She says she expects to
accomplish even more at St. Louis this
year "and- hopes that . it . will be the
means of booming the many industries
of the north.
MOXJ3Y APPROPRIATED.
Though Governor Brady and Mrs.
Hart have never met. the former has
beard a great deal of her work, and this
Ted hfm' to,",'select, her toT'assist him at
the exposition. He had been in com
munication with her for some time and
i-a "few days -ago- wired her in this city
[ regarding her - appointment to . the jj po
sition of assistant to him in the work
j of collecting and arranging the exhibits
at the. fair. " • . , . . ;
•¦I : feel hishly. flattered at theJmpor
tant charpe with' which * Governor
Brady b,as intrusted me," said Mrs.
Hart last night, "and I will .do all in
my power to make the exhibit of Alas
ka one of the most notable at the fair.
! It means a whole lot of work and there
•is not much time left, still if everything
goes all right the work can be accom
; pliehedl
j "I have already been appointed to
I represent the Alaska Academy of Sci-
I ences at the fair, but this is only an
: association of individuals and has noth
ing whatever to do with the Territorial
exhibit. Still, I will be able to com
j bine -the two exhibits in certain ways
j and one will be an aid to the other! in
this respect.
¦ "The Government has already appro
priated $65,000 for the Alaskan exhibit,
and I believe we; will ¦ receive more.
Large sums have been collected from
prominent men in the north, so as far
as finances are to be considered we
are well off indeed and have plenty
of funds to carry out our project with.
SPLENDID COLLECTION.
"I have at the present time a splen
did collection of minerals, curios and
valuable Alaskan trinkets which I will
put on exhibition. Governor Brady is
also possessed .of a superb collection
and many others have volunteered
theirs, so we, are assured of plenty of
material. . ,
"I intended to stay here for a while
and then pay a. visit to my old home
in Los Angeles." but Governor Brady
states In his telegram that* he will ar
rive In this city on January 15, and is
desirous of meeting me and conferring
-wfith' me 'in regard to the comlng'work.
Whether he irjtenda for me to -return
to' Alaska or go direct to St. Louis I
do not know, though I will act" on' his
suggestions."
Mrs. Hart adds that the hardships
suffered by. the miners at Nome this
year . have been excessive and that
many of them were compelled to stay
there during the winter simply because
they did not have money enough with
which to' purchase tickets to 'get out.
No United States revenue cutters called
at Nome this year, as the Government
has been imposed upon by adventurers
so often that the services of the cut
ters have been denied the miners.
Mrs. Mary E. Hart Will
Represent Alaska
at St. Louis.
WELL-KNOWN WRITER AND
EXPLORER WHO IS HERE
FROM ALASKA.. -
Physicians Who Are Treating ;Him
t frr "Inflamrn'atl6n""of ~S~{omac*h '
Hold' Out No Hope. ..;
MIAML" Fla.Y ~Jan.;7:-%Generar John
B.' Gordon Is critically 111 at hla home)
Biscayne, of inflammation of the stom-|
ach, caused [ by^acute indlgee.ti6n. -A
consultation of^ physicians was held to-4
nlght^ and «. they? holfl - out 'no hope, for
recovery." '„; . , . ¦'* :H v '. \
GEXER^L .JOHN . B. GORDON j *
IS REPORTEJp -TO BE^DYIjfG
year since the insurrection in lS96.that
the crops -of nrice— and-ottier-ceretclsrin
Bulacan, Pamanga and Tarlac, prov*
inces of Luzon, have been large and of
good qualjLty/'This is attributed J to the
extermination 'of Ithei lawless ; elemen!;
and ,-ta the. jfact that the farmers are
now protected from the raids of the In
surgent tax collectors.* . • i
BOYS RESCUE
THEIR MOTHER
Memlocino County Woman' Has
a Very Narrow Escape Froni
Death : in aiBlazing \ Housq
textlion to..trn»-:blaze. -;»¦- .»••*•". »v '
Th6 -'wortfan's 'first thought was to
save" "her sewing: nvjcKIne; which was
In ihe'Ved.roOxn.' "VVhen-shehd* secured
her machine she ' started fpV tbe door,
only to. find that. means of retreat cut
off. As the partitions between the
rooms of the house did nQt extend to
roof, the 'fire had* followed (be cloth
ceiling from one - room to another.
Pieces _ of * btirriing cloth were falling
around her and Ignited her clothing:.
Her screams were heard by her two
sons, who had been hunting on a hill
back of the bouse:" They .Quickly came
to .her' rescue and broke in the window
of 'the bedroom, where Mrs. Jamison
" UKIAH. Jan. i.4W»- James Jamir
son of Redwood was nearly
burned to death W her »om% .fc,u, 5
o'clock yesterday >fternoon. She had
a large fire in a fireplace, in the sitting-
room, and a. spark" f$om this In some
manner-;- caught?inV.th'et cloth:ceiling! j
Smoke and falling sparks called her at-
WJIS h !n danger of being burned to
fi?V' ' LJuifL* #» ?• .M w_"
„««'„ SgSggfcj^gS $ „*]£
lng. She Was badly burned • on the
face, hands- and 'arms. Her back wa«
also burned when she fell. on blazing
<?loth. 'She was brought to this city
this, morning for medical treatment.
In July, 1902, suit was filed in the
Calaveras courts by J. H. Brothertt/n
against J. C. Kemp Van Ee, who has
been in control of the mine. Brother
ton likewise filed suit in London, where
considerable stock of the mine Is held.
Brotherton claimed to be an equal part
ner with Van Ee in the mine, and de
clared that the interest cf each was
one-quarter. The trial was to have
taken place in San Andreas on January
4. Both sires had been making elab
orate preparations for it and many •
long depositions had been taken.
The matter wajs settled out of court
on the eve of the trial. Brotberton was
represented by C. .H. Fairall. Asso
ciated with him was H. R. McNoble.
Van Ee had as counsel Jesse W. LI1
ienthal of San Francisco, F. J. Solinsky
and Frank Weheof San Andreas. For
Fairall the settlement is said to mean
& big fee and estimated to be in the
neighborhood of 550,000.
In 1S3S the Royal mine was sold- by
tbe then owners. Major J. D. Peter*,*
I. R. Wilbur and J. V. Castle for
$400,000. It was shortly after that the
disagreement between Brotherton and
Van Ee took place, and as a conse
quence the sellers of the mine only re
ceived a smal! portion of | the selling
price. They will now get the full
amount due them. The mine Is esti
mated to be worth in the neighborhood
of J4.000.000. The terms of settlement
have not been made public.
STOCKTON". Jan. 7.— While the Roy
al mine at Hodson has for the last
few weeks been in the throes of labor
troubles, it has also for the last year
and a half been in legal entanglements,
"which have now been adjusted by com
promise.
fxptclal Dispatch to The C«ll
"The city needs the , revenue," said
the Mayor, "and while I admit that
there is a law against gambling I do
not . think that it can be effectlvely
enforced. nor do I think that it is ad
visable to try. Instead I have estab
lished a number of restrictions on the
gambling houses which minimize their
evil influence as far as, possible." •
The Prosecuting Attorney refused to
proceed against the gamblers and the
Chief of Police took the stand/that he
was acting entirely under the Mayor's
orders. ,The attitude of these Officials
left the people who/ wanted to close
gambling without any regular legal re
dress and they accordingly/resorted' to
the mandamus proceeding and asked
the court to order the officials to" close
certain gambling houses specifically
mentioned In the complaint.
It is believed that the" court "will over
rule the city's demurrer and the cas"
will then be appealed by the city to the
Supreme-Court on" the' ground that th*
Superior Court has no right to dirept
the city officials how to' perform their
duties. ' •• •• ¦
PORTLAND, Jan. 7.— The attorney
representing Mayor Williams,' the Chief
of Police and, other city officials filed
to-day, a demurrer to the writ of man
damus which the Reform League re
cently applied for and. which, if grant
ed, will direct the city authorities to
close open gambling in Pprtland.-
Although there 1 are* many State and
municipal laws under which, public
gaming .could be suppressed the city
officials . have resolved to allow the
games. to. r.un upenly, on condition that
the gamblers pay, monthly fines, .which
aggregate nearly $3000 every thirty
days. The Mayor has publicly declared
that this was his policy and has firmly
rS?. used . A? change his._p fi lniqn of its
merits in deference to the many depu
tations and committees which have
waited upon him.' • • - y
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The board of , directors was given
power to prepare a set of by-laws and
to fix the ratio of representation, after
which the date for, the annual meeting
was fixed for the second Tuesday in
each year and the president was elect
ed the representative from the Califor
nia auxiliary to the National body.
A resolution was adopted that, any
organizer or officer or deputy any
association holding membership in the
auxiliary who shall run down any sis
ter organization for the purpose of
building up his own shall for the first
offense be rebuked and for a repetition
of the same be discharged from the
position he may hold.
Before the adjournment of the meet
ing a vote of thanks was given to Head
Consul Falkenburg for the . assist
ance and advice he had given and then
a, rising vote of appreciation was ten
dered to W. H. Barnes, who has been
an active fraternalist for forty-seven
years and who was the first vice presi
dent of the National Fraternal Con
gress, after which all present shook
hands with him and expressed pleasure
at meeting one who hRd done so much
for the advancement of fraternity and
who is known in every part of the
United States.
The board of directors was given
power to appoint an " editor who shall
obtain fraternal news ; from all' parts
of the State and furnish a synopsis of
the same to the newspapers.
Head Counsel Falkenburg gave an
account of the manner in which other
auxiliaries of the National Congress
had been organized and offered a num
ber of suggestions for the formation of
on*/in this State. He then said that
the" purpose of such auxiliaries was to
bring the representatives of the various
orders that hold membership in the Na
tional body into closer touch and with
the further idea or organizing, if oc
casion occurred, to prevent vicious leg
islation that would be detrimental to
the interest of the lodge system of pro
tection of the members. .He called
attention to a bill now before Congress
presented by a Senator from New Jer
sey, who is the head of a large insur
ance company, which has for its pur
pose the giving to the postal authori
ties the power to withhold all mail ad
dressed to or sent by any fraternal as*
sociation that has the lodge system of
protection for its members, a measure
which, if carried out, would stop the
business of all such lodges and deprive
the members of the protection which
has been vouchsafed to them.
FAIiKEXBURG THANKED.
• A permanent organization was ef
fected by the election of the following
named officers for the first term: Dr.
F. W. Browning of the, A. O. U. W.,
president; Prescott L. , Archibald of
the Knights of Honor, vice president;
David Oliver Jr. of the .Woodmen of
the World, secretary, and Lady M. W.
Aydelotte ot the Ladles of the Macca
bees, treasurer. The following named
were elected to serve as directors with
the officers: H. C. Lewis of the Fra
ternal Brotherhood, J. W. Cuthbert of
the National Union, M. Scott of the
Knights of Columbus, Mrs. Dr. V.
Derrick of the Women of Woodcraft
and R. F. Wells of the Fraternal
Union.
There are a number* of the fraterni
ties, such as- the Knights of the
Maccabees, Order of Pendo, Modern
Woodmen of America and kindred
organizations that were not repre
sented; for the reason, as was stated,
that the credentials authorizing repre
sentatives to attend the session had
not been received' from the head of
fices. There were a number of visitors
present, including F. A. Falkenburg,
head consul of the Woodmen of. the
World, who is the vice president of
the National Congress, an organiza
tion that represents 5,00.0,000 of the
8,000,000 fraternalists in the United
States. . -
A State auxiliary to the National
Fraternal Congress was organized In
this city yesterday morning at a meet
ing of. "representatives of thirteen of
the 'fraternal associations doing busi
ness In this State, "and representing,
Stf.210 beneficial members.
, The meeting was held in the Occi
dental Hotel and was called to order
by Dr. • Fred "W. Browning, - grand
rnaster workman of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen, the oldest bene
ficiary association in the United
States. He briefly stated that the
meeting had been called at the re
quest ol the National Fraternal.Con
gress, in which there are representa
tives of sixty-one fraternal beneficiary
associations, for the purpose of ef
fecting an organization in the State of
California similar to those of a like
character in other States of the Union.
At roll call of representatives there
were found to be present the follow
ing named, and each organization was
required to give its numerical strength
in this State: Ancient Order United
Workmen, Dr. F. W. Browning, D. S.
Hlrshberg and C. T. Spencer, 18,000
members; Catholic Knights of Amer
ica, J. B. Mannix, 500; Degree .of
Honor, Mary J." Stewart, W. H.
Barnes, Loretta F. Donelly, 700; Fra
ternal Brotherhood, H. C. Lewis,
14,000; Fraternal Union of America,
R. F. Wells, 100; Knights of Colum
bus, M. Scott, 130; Independent Order
of Foresters. G. Q. Stewart, 10,500;
Knights of Honor, P.* L. Archibald,
1800; Knights, and Ladies of Security,
I. Blum, 150; Ladles of the Macca
bees, Lady M. W. Aydelotte, 3500; Na
tional Union, Senators J. W. Cuthbert,
Norman It. Arter and James E. Field,
2600; Woodmen of the World, D. Oli
' ver Jr., X.aurance Vincent and H. B.
\ Smith, 24,680; Women of Woodcraft,
Mrs. Dr. V. Derrick, 3500. Total,
80,210." . •" '
OFFICERS ARE ELECTED.
Officials Will Anpeal to the
' Supreme Court, if Decision
Should Go Against Them
Organization Being Formed for
Purpose of Preventing Pas
sage of Antagonistic Measures
FirtaMjrleinruts of Long Stand
ing in Calayeras County Ad
jhstcd on the Eve of Trial
LOIN FOR EARLY OWNERS
CITY NEEDS THE REVENUE
30.000 AEE REPRESENTED
Portland Executive Has ' a De
murrer Filed to the Reform
• - ¦¦ ¦¦•'¦ — • i ¦> • • . , .
League's Writ of Mandamus
Formation of Auxiliary to the
National Fraternal Body of
United States Is Accomplished
Litigation Involvinjr Mining
rVoitcrty Worth About.Foui*
Millions Comes to a Close
LAWSUIT ENDS
IN COMPROMISE
FRATERNALISTS
HOLD CONGRESS
MAYOR FAVORS
THE GAMBLERS
RELATES HER
EXPERIENCES
IN FAR NORTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO eALU, FRIDAY,; JANUARY S. 1904.
11
, ADVERTISEMENTS. V
Open £>ores
can be cjeaned .out, the suppura- , .
tion stopped, and | a cure effected "¦
.by the use of ' . .. ".'
Hydrozone
i Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous eermicide,\wh!ch
allows Nature to build up healAy
tissue. . . .;.; . . ; ".• *'; • ¦, ./¦ :.*¦"*:•.. *
- '.Absolutely harmless. '._
Used • and ,- indorsed by leading
physicians* everywhere. •'
¦ -When' not at your druggist's/sent
prepaid on receipt of postal- note
.fqfsfs'^ts'fOT.fr^/bbtU^V-.-.;
ittnmy— : ¦ (J /• A n a J f l_
< rtgn»hiT» n — \fijf J2tcS3duJiM>uJlt*^>
•rery labtl. . . ¦ l^fc 77V^.- %* t t T— — *
¦7 .vfeTTof Prince Street, New, Vork."
FnE|S-Ti| a tbUB(»ll«t«aH«wt»Tr«atDlieuei.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H Brand B
¦ Evaporated m
\ 1 Cream B
Wa Is of unifprm quality at all B
H8 seasons, always pure, heavy B
\ in consistence, of delicious fll
1 avcr snc^ appetizing ap- fl-f
Vi\ pearance. " j§|
H Ask for the brand with IB
S|the"Helvetia" cap label B
I B Made by the largest pro- B
of Evaporated BK^
A— J Cream in the world,
Pleurisy
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and 51-00 per bottle. For
• sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
2S California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m. .
(5 visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat
OF ANATOMY
q' Qj ::ciJ£A«ircr.ht.i:kiru.s.r.w.
\ irl The Larrett Anatonical'Mineum in tfec
V World. t*eakmc*«vs «r my catttractrffl
i. 3«I «M <l-iei«e r..HI«^ly «¦•!••* h r ihr olde.t
O /fe^Sl Sp«3»flK««tkeCoi«t'-E»t j*y««rv
6 Ufg* & CR. JOROAN-D'SEASES OF KEH
P M iJfVL U T '•»'•""!• p»r»or»Hjr or by Irlltr. A
' J 7 •! I F—Un4 Curt in rreij ctit ontf crukm.' "
A F S \\ B w '"» *" Book. riiLanorav »r
U I ¦tRBUSC, MAILCXt Tr.lt. (X
A J |J. 'i:-il)!e l«oi for jn*-n)
V DR. JORDAA * CO.. !MI Mtrkf t SI..S. F.
¦ ¦ — . '-''•-•• - '
d% fill 4% Ammunition. Hunting »nd
& II III V £pcrtlnff Goods. La.rgeit
lei 9 I VI -^k *tock. Lowest prices. Send
ill H Stiff B ioT ««»»>osue.-.
W W I V V# 8HHEVE & DAUnKR CO..
Kt-arny st.
k yATENTs:;;i
¦ ¦ '¦¦"" '¦'';}'¦".'¦':"/ " ' .'-V!!!'" :: '.'.'-. ADVEBTISEMENIS, ¦","-.•;.. W%f& : "
From palace to Prison
NURSE-BELL looks after the children, of the j "
Princess or Wales. She wants rashions rorchil- ,
dren's coats and sends stamps for The Delineator. j®^^^S& f^OS^Sk
Some faithful fnend has subscribed to The
Delineator for a man condemned to life imprison- '^^^^m^^^j
ment in Sing Sing for murder. \
This wonderful contrast means that there is
sqmething in The Delineator for the . enttfe human W®3^
faihilyfrom tKelpalace ;; eyenl tq tKe pnsSn^'*^> r 1
mWMM 3^ From a hundred attention-compelling features, m
#^«W* the February issue^ — out to-day— here are three:
:^^^m ¦ Mrs, osborn
i]||:^^S THE RENOWNED* NEW YORK DRESSMAKER
' contr ibutes her letter, giving the real essentials of the
latest fashions. She discusses especially, the 1 830
skirt, its length, shape and hang. Mrs. Osborn can
~ make gowns for only a few ; thousands will get the
1 benefit of her ideas from The Delineator. This letter is in addition to seventy
new suggestions of our own designers and artiits. If you wish to suggest ideas
to those who make .your dresses, or if ' you make garments for yourself, your
children or others, a subscription to The Delineator will bring you as guides
the mosl reliable authorities on dress in this country. . ¦$ t - : vl^ : SP\-^ / .
Doctor Grace Peckham Murray tells how women may win back the beauty
which was theirs and enhance that which they have.
Any woman who underestimates j^^^^^^^^k.
The Power of Her Beauty
and its desirability is lacking in some essential womanly.
trait. No such remarkable series of papers has ever
, been published. Every woman who wants to be attractive V^Hp^| f
(and that ought to include every woman who reads these
lines) should get The Delineator and read these papers. "~^^*^w» iks *'
.aasssss* MiiciV ic a T ivirio- To at least 250,000 of
iviusic is a Living, lKe , 000000 yomen
J^S^^k Breathing Thing who }w % Delineator
£l>^SSra|SSSft everything that concerns i
the living, daily life of the world's greatest -songslers is I
S^^fi^S^^^-l °^ mtense . mtere^- In "}e rebruary number the second ;
pn mSi donna, series, describing the Tlom? Life
of the Great Favorites of Grand Opera, will be
devoted to CALVE,, to be followed by Melba'in*
"'^ H^" March,\Sembr^'m : 'Apr3 and Nordica Jn\ Mayvt
These are three of the reasons why you should get The Delineator for February. JThere are en<Bess others: ,,
The Departments for making 'home more horneEke. : The Kitchen,* With, b practical duties abd toothsojfte '¦ reaped f : -
The Duung' Roomie dressing of the table and die lervicei The fumishmg df ail the roor^'pftctK^, meroen- ;;
fsivery and artisticallyr Dainty bits of needlework of every kmd. The physical and mental c^eiopment of cluraren. .
Serials and sliort stones. ;. - !
Of your newsdealer or any Butterick ««nt, or of the pubKjhen. at 15 eenh a copy ; SliX) » Jfeif.- •" .' * : ]' \
- THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY. Umite^ 7 Wot Thirteenth Street. New York 1
Subscriptions to The Delineator, can be handed in at apy of the following Butterick Agencies in thl^ CltyYp;
. ! ;. ; The. Butterick Publishing^ Co., (Ltd.) ? 201 Post street. r, - -
Wehistock, Lubin &. Ct Grant avenue and Geary street.
I. ..'.'. Cohen, - 145 Sixth street.
¦ Schoenholz Bros. & Co., 2011-2013 Fillmore street
"duj^i ¦ • .¦ ¦ -'%¦¦¦*/'¦ * ¦"',•»"¦ • ADVEBUSBMENTa. - * »-*-»~ • - ....
_ ; — ___ , . . r. . . ... ¦¦ ; ti (C - ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦-:¦¦¦ ¦.¦ ' n
M^C I-f XJ .-RE' S
m iiiiii i n e
1 \J v>C./tl-o LL KjijLjy, <p 1 •1/1/ \L 1 CU/ •
"At Any Price the Best -
* •TS-'O TT! V± Suhttrii* now 'tor 1904—txttrt nar—andgtt thi SovtmUr tad % A 01 AA
ff» s\. F^M*^ Dsctnbert numbers of this y**r FREE. S. 5. McCUr$ Company, Id PlOnin^ »O I till
-f* Ar \. M - f m f 832 Ltx&gtm B*H£ng, Jfti^Yark. City i ,• . - . >i : , . . -• rV,; i *T*4*'*Tr T.^Y--
; " S. S. McCUURB COMPANV. 633 L*jdn*ton BuUdlnt. »iw Tork City. , . . . .-THE SAN FRANCISCO ? CALL, • ? FRIDAY, JANUARY- 8, 1904.
12
LOIDGIXCr II O USE S FOR S ALF!-—. Con .
[Established ' IS. years.l
. ¦ We will sell. - any . house
MARION on the Installment plan.
GRIFFIN. Business — Is — Booming.
: Call, write- or^ phene us
for big . free list""" of houses.
LTitlc abstract furnished free.j
[Room 400.. ¦"Examiner" Building.]-
Phone Black 3007. Take elevator 'to 4th floor.
Corner 3d and Market fits.. San Francisco.
BARGAIN"; 44 rooms, south of. Market; 23
rooni3 newly furnished;. electric ligiits; leass;
rent $06. Kcr sale only by • . * „
MARION GRIFTIN.J
HOW Is th!s?. IB-room corner. houre, north of
Market, ciearini SCO month', price 5600.
• ' ' MARION GRIFFIN.]
SPLENDID 18-room corner in h'.sh-toned
nsishborhopd;- niw, modern hoac^; all bay-
window rooms; Axmlnstcr carotta; golden
oak folding beds with ; large mirror '. fronts;
dressers to match; a home full of. permanent
roomers. MARION ORIFFIN.)
EXCLU8IVG — Rare bnrKaln;- family hotel; one
of the best . on the coast; handsome corner
building of 1C0 room*;. private baihs: tplendid
"furniture and exceptional location: 5-year
¦ lease; new and modern ln^every tlc-nartment:
. electric elevator: electric lights;' jrtrlctly tlrst
'.class; heart trouble of owner is cr.ly causa
of sale. # . MARION oniKFIN.]
HIGH-CLASS; downtown; 24 rooms: furnished
4 months aco with best of everything in fur-
niture, carpets and bedding: clears $175.
- ¦ MARION CK1FFIN.]
BONANZA — A . flrst-class, . utrictlv moJern
apartment house of 177 rooms; r.ew l-uildlmc:
elegantly furnished; low rent: long lease;
clearing, over $e5o per month above all ex-
penses. MARION GKIFFIN.]
ANOTHER -swell apartment 1 hou«>; of 106
rooms: magniticently and substantially fur-
nished throughout; long lease ot less than
?0 per room;, full cf permanent rot.m»-rs. See
MARION GR1KFIN.]
FASHIONABLK location: 14 rooms; on sunny
corner; Brussels carpets;. blrdsey? maple and
mahogany . furniture; must -be- sold at once
even If for less than half value; make offer to
MARION* GKIFFIN.]
ULTRA t stylish private ' boardlrsR-Jiouse; 32
rooms;. on Sutter st.: furnished In elegant
mahogany ami heavy", rich, 4 ,- velvet carpets;
5-year lease; clears J301 mJnth. S«e
c MARIAN. Giai'TIN.]
GREAT reduction; 22 rooms; $1200; clears $05;
rent $100; 2-year leaye; ni-ar Knuv-'ium.
MARION GKIFFIN.]
ONLY $200 down and small nav.-.ients for S-
room corner flnt, well lurnislied;- north of
Market; rent $30. See
' ... : MARION GRIFFIN.]
BEST hotel proposition 1n this city; S3 room*: •
sunny ;• iargr. dining-room; rent only $LM+
month: always full of steady boarders:
profit never less than $200 month'; dissolution
of partnership only reason; price. $7000; well
worth $10,000.' MARION GRIFFIN, room.
40ti.' Examiner, bldg. - , ¦'....
A— 12 -ROOMS; MARKET AND 'MASON.
TRANS1IC.NT: FORCED SALK.
*.V> CASH. BALANCE TERMS.
SEK SK1RM QUICK. PHONE ORKEN 631.
ROOM > 72. ST. ANN'S BLDG., EDDY ST.
LODGING-HOUSE. 3S rooms, in a good loca-
ticn on Powell at., paying me a clear profit
of $120 aer month: -house full; reasonablw
S rent;. look at this: l.will sfll low, as I must
leave the city. Box 2728, Call offlce.
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HO'JSE: MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION UEST IN THE CITY: LEASE:
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2S30.
CALL OFFICE. • .
$12."0 — GOOD corner house of 15 rooms; north
Market; \200d location.. S, Mason' St..
CH EAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, pent to any address in the
United States or Canada" one year for $1.
CARFKTf itMATIXO A!«O CLEANING.
All; now universally used In cleaning carpets
en; floor; without removal: I price moderate. "
1 . . S. F. Compressed Air Cleanlnr ' C0-t Call
bulldlru:. Phone Main 5237.
WIJEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Rioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 3B5-.T57, Tehama st. : teh; South SO.
TRY Hopke Bros. ; carpet beating; mattreases
made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 218.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning, Works. 1808 Har-
rison «t. :,A1 cleaning: 3c: tel. Mission 225.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel/ Main -304. QEO.WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works ;pric«s
reasonable. 1703 Harrison. st.;tcI.Mission 283.
CONKLIN'S ' Superior r- Carpet-beating Wortts,"
333 Golden Gat«» av». • telephone Ka»t 12«.
I t ._; COLLECTIOX : OFFICES. .:,
BAD tenants ejected tfor $4;. collections made;
dty or country •.: PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. 41B ; Montgomery, .roomw 0-10; s tel.i B588.
• CPaSS BUHUBE.' ,*i '. 7
WHO DOES ITT ' HUNTER, 1200 Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer T t ¦
EMPLOYMENT WAyTEP^ll^—
TOUNG man de«tres clerical '^^
Francisco wholesale house: Wtafl £*; esi
ence In offlcts of wholesa e grocery nou,
references. Box 3059. Call. , .
AN engineer. American, used to j°£%*J X £
stationary engines, would ll^e ?^ DreS ent
trust: can furni*!. reference, from prese
employer. L. M-. box 3235. Call.
POSITION wanted— A reliable ma rrt'd B^
understand- care of horses. ca" la .f?" *„ J
harness and can milk: wife J^.^'L*
lannJress; references. S. P.. .7 ntn *:
RELIABLE coachman wishes a Pf/" 1^!.^;
oughly understands care of no " P8 \5* . e£ O d
and harness; general man around place. g°oa
reference. W. P.. 77 Ninth st. ¦
WANTED— Position as engineer on £eezinff
plant; 8 years' experience erecting and run
ning same; do own repairs. Apply t»° x
3024. Call. .
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants work «>y th»
day or Jobbing. Please call at 1SU2 Powell
St., S. F. ¦_ ,
MINE blacksmith and tool sharpener wants
position: best references. Box 3021. Call.
A BAKER, good all-round man, wants position
In country. Box 2742, Call. _
GOOD cook wants situation In restaurant of
boarding-house. Call 633 Folsom sc.
FIRST-CLASS non-union handsaw, sticker or
shaver man wishes) poeltlon. Box 2734. Call.
YOUNG Chinese, first-class cook, wlshe* posi-
tion In private family. CHUNO WING. 80S
Clay it. ¦_ | ¦ ' .
JAPANESE experienced boy ~*nt« a position
as a schoolboy. S. YOSHI. 807 Pollc St..
Japanese Mission.
JAPANESE boy desires Dosltlon as schoolboy
and howaework. 637 Pine st.
~ TEATHER nEXOYATI5O.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Straw F>ather
Co., 325 Van Ness ave.; tel. Howard 3187.
FLATS TO LEL
A— HOUSES and flata to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage or
this department: It will sav« you tjm» and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-233 Geary
st., on the square. * •
ALL of the. most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department; let us glv»
you a list and help yon find one! hi the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FUKNITURS
COMPANY. 1C30 Market St.; aervlcei aoso-
lutely free.
MCALLISTER. 331 — Unfurnished parlor flocr;
4 rooms and bath; adults; $26. z _^
WALLER. 1708. near Park entrance— Modrrri
sunny upper flats. B room*, bath. >2S 00. »25.
$7— LOWElTflat~and large yard. 726fc Har-
rlson'st.. between Third and Fourth.
FLATS TO LET— FTJRXISHEP.
$45— NEW sunny upper flat: 8 rooms; ele-
gantly furnished. 12C5 Waller St.. 10 to 4.
FLATS FOR SALE FURBISHED.
EIGHT-room flat for sale; eood location; aiter-
noona. S30 Geary st.
SUNNY 8-room modern flat at a sacrtflce; 10
to 4. 2307 Van Ness ave.
;-': 7 H TACIAI. JCASSAQg.
A — WRINKLES removed: fln* complexion guar-
anteed; new method; 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlcrs. 764 Larkin st.; phone Polk 17.
1 FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. - Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent, 3ZZ Emma Spreckela bldg.
BUY SCOAL GOLD NOW.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A — Highest price paid for fur., carpets. etc. Mrs
T. B. Selby, Equitable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkin.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD. auctloneer.lSlSMkt.; tetHoward 2738.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
~ -HELP WATTEdIkeMALE.
2 COOKS. 3 In family $40 (io
5 cooks, German style $30 and $.:.'.
2 maids and seamstresses $23 CO
2 parlormaids |."0 to
5 second girls .....$20 and $25
4. nurse girls $20 and $15
5 chambermaids p.nd waiting $20 acd $—5
Second girl, care 2 grown children.. ...$25 u»
3 waitresses, cafe .$3. day c:"
50 general housework girls, city and countr: .
$20, $23. $00. Apply ta J. F. CR03ETT &
CO.. 324 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS coo!:. X4Q; a cook and sacoaS
girl el same house. $30 and $23; 4 flrst-clas?
waitresses for private families, $30 each;
second girl. 2 In family, $30: 4O good house-
work glrln, $30 and «2»; MI8S PLUSKETT,
423 gutter st., near Powell.
A — COOK. $33: laundress. $30; second girl, $•".'>;
nurse, $20; houwjflrl, $30; ranch cook. $0'>:
housekeeper. $30: 50 housework girls, $23
and $3O. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. 0
COOK.- woman In Institution, $40 and found.
Cal. Emp. Agency. 14 Third st.. near Call bd?
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $3 to those entering now; 3 po-
sltfons to flll Immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school lu
West. 233 Geary St.. ro«m 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to fln'.ia
In 1 month for $10: positions a« trimmer?,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton at, r. 1J.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdrcss'n^
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket at., cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A YOUNG lady graduate of domestic science
to teach cocking two days every week; stat»
school, ' and salary expected. Phone Busu
C4S. mornings S to 11. or addresa School for
Domestics, box 3222. Call office.
SEWINO MACHINE OPERA TOHS AND RtV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.S
FACTORIES. S2ti FREMONT ST. AND 13T.S
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — First-class stenographer: a ladv
who has had practical business experience:
a very nice and permanent situation with
good remuneration for a level-headed, relia-
ble person. Apply box 3227, Call offlce.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn the hair dreys-
Ing and manicure business: will pay whi!a
learning. Apply bet. 9- and 11 a. m. al
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — In San Rafael, strong. Intelligent
girl, about 28 yearn, general houvework;
wages $30 month. Addresa. with references,
H. B.. SOS Fourth »t.. San Rafael. Cal.,
GIRL to assist Ir. offlce: one who has had
experience tn billing preferred : state refer-
ences and salary. Box 3C91. Call office.
LADIES to solicit: excellent proposition; very
pleasant and profitable. Address at once box
3CS9. Call office. _^
AN examiner for waists and children's wear;
none but experienced need apply; good waz*s.'
63ti Mission st.. third floor.
WANTED — Youh* girl for Alameda; genera!
housework; wages $20. Apply to-day from X
to 5- p. m.. 18C3 Turk »t.
YOUNO girl of IS or 20 to take care of Infant*
and help with light housework; wagea 115.
Call at 430 Bush st. .. '
GIRL? for general housework In a small fam-
llv; German preferred. ' 543 Fourth st.
GIRL for housework and cooking; no washlne-
call to-day. 2712 California «t. «"»«•
A GIRL for general housework. 2331 PVrce
WANTED— A saleslady In bakery. Box 3234
Call office. ¦ " —•,
GOOD cook wanted for family of six Call at
1707 Octavia st. . .
AN experienced waitress wanted at the Hot-I
703 Geary st. Uv Hot - 1
W Ke % LO* to wash napkins; apply early. 612
A WOMAN accustomed to. teaching for lucrm-
tlve DoMtlon. Box 3006. Call. .
A GIRL, housework; family of 2- *•>« w.«TTr
OPERATOKS and tuckers on ubiei' waists
irun» and Buchanan sts. DetWMa ""
THE ;Hf CALL
JOaar P. SPBECJCSI.S. Proprietor.
iWrra CcnmsiisaiiOBS to JCT HcXADGHT, KatagEr
W. J. MARTIX Business Manager
TELEl'HONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You Wlstt.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial ltcon>« 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct*. Per W«k. 75
Cts. P<r Month. Single Copies 8 C«t«.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : o
DAILY CALL flnriud. Sunday). 1 year — *° JcJ
;>AILT CALL (ir.clud. Sunday). 0 aios 4;"°
JJA1LV CALU-By Single Month „'<*
MJNDAT CALL. I Year - ¦" '
WEEIiLI CALL. 1 Tear -- • ¦ ••""i-i'ir
f Daily.... $S.fi0 Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN J Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. | Week)}.. 1.00 Per Year ExU»
ALL POETMAPTERS ARE ££™° nlZK °
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
fampls Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. .
MaU subscribers In ordering ck * n 'j^,J > \.^
S.rctt should be particular to give both I^EW
KSV OLD ADDRESS In order to ia«Jre a
jicwpt and correct compliance wi'.n tnerr re-
«,-crl.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
j;:s Broadway €.... Telephone Main 1083
EEHKELET OFFICE. _
r;4S Center Btreet Telephone >or» . •
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE.... 14C6 O Street. X». W.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
"Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Volon 6ouare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfta-a\«- .
rue Hotel and HcfTmsn House. j
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News <- o : ( , c "*i
JCorthern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C. GEORGE KROGNnSS...Marquette Building
<Lors Distance Telei*one. '-Central 2«>1». >
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the £sn Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every nlRht In the year.
DP.ANCH OFFICES:
627 Montcom-ry street, corner Clay: open un-
til 9:30 d. m.
30(» Haven street; open until 0:«0 p. m.
?::Kt McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1SM1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market •treet, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til • o. tn.
10*5 Eleventh street: open until 0 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 8 P- nt.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan street*;
open until 9 o. in. . „
Northwest corner of Twenty-scccnd and Ken-
tucky rtreets; open until 0 p. m.
2200 Fill more Flreet; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. -?-
T.— Regulsr assembly THIS ETV'EN- TST
ING at «:30. Order of Red Cross. All kj .
frstrrs courteously invited. •
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander,
T. L. HENDERSON, .Recorder.
PACIFIC Ixxice No. 1M. F. and A. **•<»,
Masonic Temple, meets Tlllb EAE^-XX
ING 7:30 o'clock. First desrree. f^T >
GEORGE I'ENLINGTON. Sec.
PAET Grands Association, I. O. O. r^Sr^ir
(^.—Members. attend i-'-' u1ar --'«^&jfi
monthly meetlr.g TO-NIGHT, s H*i»S**-
odock. Fraterna.1 Hnll. Odd F>1-
lows' buildlriE. Business of Importance.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
VpOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O.
F.— Installation THI? (FRIDAT) : -^rjKPS^e5%
NIGHT Jan. 8. All numb'-ra-i^^Wv^g*'
and visitor* cordially invited. ''*r !f Z
R. B. DOWME. N. G.
XT. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec.
BAT City Lodre No. 117. K. of P. — ,>3i '¦
Officers »nd members of this lodge
are requested to attend funeral of 75ftJ>£
'ate brother. FRANZ FISCHER, Jg^X^
from 11"7 Mission St., at 2:30
p. m- TO-DAY.
CHAS C. MORRIS, K. cf R. and S.
fAN FRANCISCO Tent No. ./Sf.^jK
IK K. O. T. M. — Review B*fZ^- -3*3\
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEX- W-<? ,fr,O*
1KC. at 8 o'cloclc Pioneer f*2« WjS
D. B. J RICHARDS.
COJJDEN G.*Tfi Harboj.- ?^o.
«0. A. A. M. and P. ct S. fM»"«W UI __-
\ .— R»;ru!ar m«-»tir.ff THIS fT 11 IH'Is*
EVKNINO fFrlday). In^tal- r^-^S**^
lation of officers. All mem- ESP**"
t>ers are requested to attvr.d. u
P. N. STOFEN'. Captain.
J. T. JONES. Captain's Clerk.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING (Annual)— To
the Stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company — 1'lease tRke notice that 'he an-
rual meeting of the stockholders of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be hrld at
lhe principal office of the company ft e..
T.27 Market ft., room 4. *e<-ond floor) ; In
the city and county of San Francisco. State
of California, on THURSDAY, the 2Ut day
of January. A. I). 1904. at 11 o'clock a. m..
¦for the purpose of electing directors and for
the transaction of euch other business an
may properly come before tbe meeting. The
t>toc2c transfer books of the company will be
closed ten (10( days prior to «aid day of
meeting. By order of the Board of Directors
H. W. THOMAS. Seeretary Oceanic Stf-am-
ship Cnrnjisny, S27 Market ct.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.- ,
ANNUAL mectlnc — The regular Annual nieet-
-Inj: of tht Fto«-kholders of the Pajaro Valley
•'onjtolldsted Hull road Company will he h<-!U
af- t*e offire of the ccmoany, 327 Market
rtreet. San Franeisc". on MONDAY, the lMh
4*y of January. 10C4. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. ¦ m.. for th$ purpose of electing :i
board of directors to serve for the •¦nsuing
>ear and lor the transition of euch o;ht-r
>»UTlncw as may reme Iwfore the mrf-tlnc
The transfer iKvik* of tho company will close
en Friday, Januarv jr.. 1004. at 3 p. m.
V>". H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meetin; — The annual meeting cf the
•••vockholdeni cf the Spring Valley Water
romjiany will r» hold at the offlce of the
company. Nu. T.^; Stockton «.. at 12 o'clock
rotin. ca WEDNESDAY, the 13th day of
January. i:K>4. for thn election of directors
to serve for tbc ensuing year, and for thf
transaction of such ether business as may
ccffl« before the rrf-rllns. • .
P'-LHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
5an KrcncUco. Callroroia. December -0.
:^ca.
THE annual meeting ef th» Etockholler* o(
the Nevada National Bank of San PVan-
«-uco. C«l.. mil be held at Its banking
rteuse. St'l Montcomery street. San Fmn-
citco. Csl., en Tuesdar, January 12.- 1904.
• t 3:15 p. tn.. for the election of dlr*«tcni
to *erve daring the ensuing rear, ana for
the trasraction of ruch ether business as
t&ay come be! ore th» meeting.
GEORGE GRAKT. Sec,
San rrancltco. Dec. 12, 1903.
THE California Drbiis Comn-.lnlcn having re-
cefved appllcallpn tn mine by hydrdulic pro-
< e»<s from E. C. Robinson. In Siug Gulch
rlacer mint-, mrir Fairplay. El Dorado Coun.
ty. CaMfumls. dmining Into Middle Fork
Cr*umn< > « River, gives notice thst meeting
*vi!l lie licld at rv>n< 91. Fiord building San i
Francisco, Cal.. January IS. ISOt. at' 1 :U0
p. m. €
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
!0 j'apfy. in \rrarr>er. for malting. $1 per year.
AGEXTS WAATeS ~~"
WANTED— Finn puliably located to accept
general agtncy for Peerl^s pattern*, the
hlrnert grade of paper patferns. which are
about to be introduced to the coast trade;
can be handled In connection with any line
klnJred to dcpartmer.t ftore trad* or dry
roods trade; excellent opportunity for right
l>rny; experience in this particular line de-
Urable; tio attention i.ald to Irresponsible
People, but will communicate prompt;*, with
rl^bt rarties with a view of dosing negotia-
tions through our representative, who will
visit fc«n Francisco in the early spring.
V rite, stating full particulars, also (five ref-
erences. Independent- Peerless Pattern Cora-
p«ny. 42 Lam Twentieth st.. New York.
v n S! , l: N " and men solicitors wanted. Apply to
ADVSJXTISEMEIfT WK1T1WO.
HAVING recently acquired Ihrough"e3cchange
of pmp<-rty three $40 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising in the United States.
I will Mil them at 25 per cent discount for
«v>sh: the college teaehen advertisement writ-
ing by corrrFpondenc* nnd aiortMs lu grad-
uates to recure positions: catalogues fur-
nlKhwd on application. Address box .".026. CaH.
ASTKOLOGY.
Sirs. J. Francis, astrologlst. suite 10. Hotel
Laxfhani; hour?. 10-5; eve. by appointment.
SriltlTtJALISM. . ."'? -
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance: stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy nt.. nr. Octavia: phone Scott 8S7. ;
KATIE HECSSMANN'S circle -"Friday eve..
25c; sit, daily. 1000 Harrison ;• tel. Mint S»»7.
MRS. LESTER, .test and business medium;
circle to-night. 10c; readings daily." 142 6th.
MRS. C. C. KOTTER. circle ever}', night., 10c:
card reading 25c: sittings daily. 43 Sixth at.
C. V. MIDLER'S mr.terlalizinc rcance to-night,
.8 p. m.; $1. 1C94 Bush art. Phone Larkin 41^3.
MRS. L. HODGSON, circles Wed. 'Thur., Fri.
Sat.. Sun, eve. ; sittings dally. -liS «h, r. 10.
EDWARD EAKLE. 10.12 Ellin, reading daily.
0:H0 to *; R^ar.rps Kunrlay and Thursday. , <
claiuvova^ts.- ".- T
A — Call at Once and . Save! $2.. - " ¦
My Regular $3 Reading This Week. for '
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 ' JS$1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE/* '
The Finn Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
i l'nlmlst Ever In San Francisco^", ' ,: '..,¦
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charse If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
Ull you whether husband, wife, of sweetheart Is
true or false; tell you who and whtn you will
marry, in fact. I will tell you every hope, fear
or ambition better than you can tell yourself;
he restores lust aflections. reunites the separat-
ed, causes 'speedy and. happy marriage; makes
you successful and prosperous;' cures disease
and lost vitality: 10 a.m. to S p.m.; Sun.,S to t>.
:i'M O'Farrell st. — 320. .
MftlK. M. BERNARD. ¦ THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently loca^ii at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. : fhe reads your life correctly, gtves an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present h8fp»-ninrs and .portrays even's to
occur in the future: if you are In trouble, Jia-
Jcontentnl or not eatlRfted -with 'life, cr have
domestic. Jov«- or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be toNi how
to overcome th*=m: valuable advice In all af-
fairs of lire: 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall Tel. Black 4509. ¦
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant nnd
l'iilml.«t. permanently located r nt 1104 Market
St., eor. Turk; private' readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall <>s satlsfac-
- tory as in person: ." question* answered. $1;
full life, $."i; send lock of hair, date of year
of blrlh; don't s?nd currency; send 'post office.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. MARCELLA.just returned from ex-
tendi-d tour, reads past. : present anil future
by ancient Egyptian egg method and Le Nor-
nuind ranV; fe», $1. l«i:5 Lyon st.,' bet.
Bush anil Pine; phone Geary 2057.
MRS. T. H. " KRONENBERGTTpalmlst. "clalr-
voyp.nt, car.l reader: when others fall try me;
Rood reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MISS ZEMDAR, ycunjr gifted chTlr. and palm.:
names; L 5i>c, O $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
A — Mrnc; Ravenna read? life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St..; near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 Gth to 2.1 •$ Clh: In. 25c, g. BOc.
MRS. WYZAN, girtcl clairvoyant: test medi-
um; ladies 10c, gents 25c. IOCS Ilarrlson.nr.Cth.
OLDEST lady palmist and enrd read'r in city.
2G\j Kearny, room 20; ladles, 25c: gents, 60c.
MISS WARD, removed to 017 Market, rs.' 11-12;
'^glven names, dates, facts. Hours 11 to 0 p.m.
Mrs. VIena. trance medium and card reader; 3
questions ans. free. 406 Geary st., room 1.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 44SVj' Jessie ft., bet. 5th and Cth.
DENTISTS.^
DR. 0.RUSS, B04-5-6 " Market
and McAllister tin., uses tht* Basford Obtun.
j der: the only devi-e ever Invented for grind-
ing. . drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at < f flee.
DR. tutLUM HILL. 144.: MarkeUrr.Eleventh
— No - charge tor extracting, when .plates are
j > made: old plates. made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting BOc: gas given. .
A NEW "plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
v«tranted 20 y*s. ; crown, $3 60; fillings. ,M)c:
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
. ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PAIUS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Buah —
- Set teeth $1 CO up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, <S5c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.2C4, Sutler;
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM surgeon dentist,
room 14, Phelan buildlnsr. Ran Francisco. ,
I1RKSS.1I AKEHS AK» SBAMSTRESSE1
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew.
/art's button & buttonhole factory. llO.Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery -School-
Patterns cut to measure: eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIOirAIfeV..'*"'- --• • •
BANJO," mandolin, .'guitar thoroughly • taught ;
orchestra Dractlce fne to '-pupils. ' J. H.
MANSFIELD. 462 Geary. , _. - -
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs..'.,Teutonla. Hall. 'Howard st.. near
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continuing.
FOR t>ale— &>00; In rood location; a good pay-
Ing restaurant: American and Italian plan;
flrst-class opportunity. Inquire 17 Wash-
ington st. _____Lii__
FOR salc^ — Tailoring business; good trade for
dyeing- and cleaning works. Box 3240, Call..
SHOE store 12 years' standing, for sale cheap;
good repairing trade. Box 3217. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works; Rood location. Box 2S00, Call offlce.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the .recep-
tion cf advertisements "and subscriptions haa
bun opened at IOCS Market U.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 o. m. __.__li.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1030.
3 Eddy ct.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters - lor rooming-houses, hotels and
- . all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms: grand new modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $4U0 to ftiOU per month; golden op-
portunity. ¦ •
15 rooms; Van Ness; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain If taken at once.
SS rooms; bonton location; elezant build-
ing; luxuriously furnished;' all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance a.nd halls; strictly
up- tu-iluti;; called East by sickness.
12 rooms: Post; oak fur., Brus. carpet*;
' clears $50; $300 •cash, bal. on Installments;
PXlce $SfO. . • . \ .
60 rooms; 'new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and up-to-date; hot and
cold water every room; $4000 cash necessary.
30 rooms; rent $05; flne location; all on two
-floors; 3 years' lease: clears $100, all full;
$2000. . ¦
125 rooms: flrst-class downtown house; 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
flne commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 r6oms; rent'only $125; good lease: flne
location; some apartments always full; clears
$200. r .
110 rooms; new and • elegantly appointel
apartment house; one of the swellest in city:
clearing: J500 to $000 per month; splendid
. opportunity. •
7-rc'om new modern flat; $150 cash bal-
ance on Installments; Income $45; price $550.
24 rooms; rent $H0; newly furnished; flne
neighborhood; close In; always full.
102 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful mod-
ern building; flne entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $4(K> psr month; 5-year lease; part cash;
balance S> per cent i>er year. \
in rooms: cor.: rent $95;- oak fur.; good
carpets, hair mattresses: part cash, balance
on time. • ..
22 rooms: rent $73: never changed hands;
all men: steady roomers ths year around:
ciears $S5 uer month: first-class business
district: price 51S0O.
r> rooms; rent' $45: -oak fur.; moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $43; see this.
IS rooms: flne sunny c-ner; rent only $80:
• Tveil furnished: all outside rooms; fine yard;
clears $100.
5S rooms: rent $250; ¦ 2 years' lease: well
furnished throughout:- close In; .flrst-class
boarding house: clearing $250 per month. 1
5 rooms and bath; r«nt $18: water free;
new modern flat,, furnished 1 year; price $300.
CO rooms; Bush; rent only $162; good fur.,
carpets; clearing over $200 per month: only
14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work: a sn*p.
Ifi rooms: Van .Ness; rent $&5; oak. ma-
hogany furniture: .always full; price $1200;
almost new.
SO rooms: cheap rent; furnished last June;
onk fur.. Brus. carpets; clears over $250 per
month; half cash, balance 1 per cent; owner
sick in bed.
7 rooms; rent $3S; modern house: new fur-
niture: clears $30; only $400 cash, balance
time.
' 14 rocms; rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house; ; flne furniture; ..hair, mat-
tresses; clearing over $200 per month; price
$1000. - ¦:;• «•;_¦•¦; • :
8 rooms; flne flat; rent only $37 50; well
furnished; vexy central; snap at $500.
24 rooms; rent only $123: flrst-class con-
• dition; oak, mahog.. blrdseye maple fur.,'
extra flne carpets; clears T70; price |2000;
half cash, bal. 1 H per .cent. .
.28 rooms, rent only $100: lease; very cen-
tral; well, fur, clearing. 5120; must leave
city within 10 days;, reduced to $1400; snap.;
-13 rooms, rent '$05;. good? fur.; carpets all
full and clean: price only $000.
NICE house at : 90.1% . Washington nt.;' Oak- 1
land':- li> rooms: front rooms all sunny; suite
cr single; price $0C0. \ ¦ -
ATTOrtXKTS-AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNER. . ~~~~
ATT0RNET AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322 Emma Spreckeis building.
Divorces quietly anil legally obtained for
eight causes; damages /ecured for Injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garniih-
ments for debts; bonds furnUhed; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates sealed;
collections made In all parts of the P. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for & small fee. I
8ce me and save money; no pay tn advance.
O. W. HOWE ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.: mi. 1.2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market st.. between Msson and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed
R. W. KING. ANorn»y-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
f.th flocr. entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases; general court and offlce
practice; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion: evenlnps by appointment. Tel. Red 3IJ01.
GEO. W. AVERILL; advice given In all eases;
divorce, probate,, bankruptcy, and attachment
suits a specialty: practice In both State and
Federal courts. Room 403. <th floor, Parrott
h'.Cg.. f-:,:, Market st.; phone Howard. 2501.
ADVICE free— I will advance coi>t In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open every cvan-
inc. J. M. THURSTON. Sl» Market »U. r. .11.
a, ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.'
Room 83. 916 Market it.; tcL John 6228.
piVORCE costs $12; open evenings- tenants
ejected. $5. 316 Market. r.C2;phone Black 651.
DIVORCE— Costs, $12; quick, oulet; advice
free; open evenings. 027 Market «t.. r. S01.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful: all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
L. B. CLARK. 927 Market «t. : consulta.tlon
free; no fees In advance: open evenings.
nmns, dogs, etc.
WARBLING cansrles. talking parrots: all
ktnda of rong and fancy birds; goldfish, seeds,
cagec, etc. Give us a trial; we will plea*»
you. 154*: Market »t. '
ItCSIXESS CHANCES.
R. G. WILKE, real estate and business agen-
cy; establlrhcd IK years; quick sales. Rooms
9 and 10. 26>£ Kearny.
A — $1600 — Rarest chance in the market: cof-
fee saloon and restaurant; choicest location;
dally receipts about $60; net profits above
j:;oo per month; a flne business: Investigate
soon; trial given. R. G. WILKE, 26 W
Kearny st.
A— $1230— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; cloye to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock: clears at hast J2.V) per month;
full valv." In slsht; a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26 »$ Kearny gt.
A— $750 — SALOON on Commercial St.; rent
$50. See R. G. W1LKIE. 20^i Kcarny st.
A— $500 — SALOON and boarding-houre on
main ft.; 12 furnished rooms: established
years. Bee It. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— ROADIIOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rocms; bathroom, barn. 1 cart. 1 electric
piano; 10 years' lease; rent i*3; price $3000;
burin»ss very good: that is all. For particu-
lars see R. G. WILKE. 20',^ Krarny st.
A-J10QO— BUTCHER shop In Western Addl-
tion; rent 5*0; weekly sale about 4 steers,
'JZ nhepp; 1 hcrre, 1 watron: daily receipts
about $40. Pee R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
A — $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar .on
Guerrero rt.; lease; a good paying business;
fresh stock; all cash trade. Particulars It.
G. WILKE. 2<m Kearny st.
A— $1400— CORNER grocery and bar on De-
vifcadero «t.; owner has a flne paying busl-
nesK, but ramily affairs compels him to
l»ave for East. See R. G. WILKE. 2S14
Kearny st.'
A— $560— CIGAR, candy and notion store on
McAllister st.; rent |23; a nice paying busi-
ness for man and wife. Call and I will ehow
you the place. .: R. G. WILKE. 2<iV, Kearay.
A— $000— DRY goods' and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission st:: splendid
»-h.->nce for man and wife. Call R. U.
WILKE, 26% Kearny.
FOR country hotels, saloons, cigar, notion
stores, butcher shops or any kind of business
see R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
FOR eale— Beautiful and picturesque health
and summer resort. 2 hours' ride from 8.
F., minutes' ride from depot; has "JO
acres land, set with all kinds fruits, flow-
ers; beautiful groves; 32-room betel, with
cottage of 4 rooms, all' furnished: necessary
outbuWinps, dence pavilion, bar. bath-
houses, lake fcr rowing; ralsos own veg-
etables, poultry and hay; 2 horse3, bucgies,
bus. Jersey row and' calf, chickens, bar fix-
tures, billiard table, new upright piano; 3
rears' lease at J500 per year, can get longer;
fine mineral springs; will euro many dis-
eases; money In everything on plirt; round
trip Sundays $1 CO fr»m 8. ,F.: death cause
of sale; price $2250. CAMERON. ."> Eddy st.
FOU £il? or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect-
located in Cal.; at.-ay3 C40 to $10 ten: trade
for r'm'g hoar.e cr business. Cameior..j Eddy.
FOR tale — Best little restaurant !n • city; rent
$45; central; receipts $33 to $40 day; must
:eave town; price $1200; also several ethers at
prices from $350 to $2000; all flrst-class prop-
ositions and will bear Investigation. CAM-
EKON. 3 Eddy ft. T
FOR rent— C-room fur. flat; central; could get
2 more rooms adjoining: reasonable. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
A— $:»00; SALOON; water front: recewts S15
dally; large pine*; cheap rent; 3 llvlng-
momw. Kureka Realty Co., 71» Market st. ¦
A— fl.10: PARTNER for well-established offlce
business-; no cx»x'rl«'ncp required; will net $73
mo. to ench. Eureka Realty Co., 71!> Market.
A — $»5O; CIGAR ptard; full stock;. 2 card ma-
chines: complete fixtures; line, location; good
trad'-; if nt $20. Eureka Realty Co., 710 Mrkt.
A— $1200: hotel, bar and restaurant; main st.
In t«>r ming country town near city; 120 steady
boarders. Call Eureka Realty Co.. 719 Mrkt.
A^ 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-qulok" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling srhem», but a reputable, established
business enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
SC7,0(Ki last >eor on $100,000 capital; stock
incrtawd $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call
or write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
LIVERY and boarding stable In a flrst-cla&a
location, doing a good business, with steady
customers year round; two flrst-class hacks,
one almost new, rubber-tired, in splendid
condition; 24 young horses: vehicles of ail
klr.ii*; rent $45 month; |,rlce $:',U"»0. M \-
RION GRIFFIN, room 400 Examiner bldg.
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.,
I'hone Black t:»01. 777 >i Market st.
Bank Reference.
For bargains, set* the old reliable agents.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777»,4 Market st.
CALL and set? lh<! list of lodging-houses frum
O to 2CO room«: cheap rents; hotels,' road-
housp*. saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery
stables bought and sold and exchanstd;
n>«;ney lcaneil on chattels; millinery -store to
exri.ange. HITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
?730 — HAT.K interest In a light, pleasant busl-
iu-ss; large profits; legitimate and staple as
fl iur; present pnrtner must go East; no brok-
er*; call ami investigate. 510 Telegraph ave.,
Oakland, Cal.
WANTED — One or more parties to buy tsteam
and -aater jK.wer shake mill; $1201); owner
suddenly, enlled Kant. Address C. II.. box
50. 1'alace Hotel. Uklah.
HAVE just what you want In the line of bi'ni-
mrs cliances: sen mo for bargains. ANDER-
SON. Auctioneer, room 2ti. 800 Market et.;
phone Main 1S52; correspondence solicited.
PARTNER wanted— A young graduate dentlft
from tht Ka*t wishes u dentist with small
capital to oi>en up offlces; good chance. Box
3232, Call office. •
A PARTNER wanted in i r.O.OOO-acro stock
and *lu<p ramh to Invest ?.V)00 to $10,000.
Apply to P. c. LASSEN & CO.. 40C Tenth
St.. Oakland. Cal.
A PARTNER with . S600 cash can dear $1400
In 3 month*; a new proposition to catch
suckers who want something for nothing;
best of references given. Box 2729, Call.
A— WORKINGMAN'S boarding-house; good lo-
cation: low rent;' steady boarders; no agents.
Box 2MJ3. Call office.. .
STEADY, reliable man to assist In offlce; good
wages; no experience necessary: small capital
required. 1007% Market et., room 1.
$1400— FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; wholesale
' district: largo stock; 3 years' lease. s
MuBon «?t. '
$:54H) WILL, buy loan - office.* with stock, safe
and fixture*:, Eoud location; lease; low rent.
Box 30P2. Call. -
$450— FIRST-CLA SS saloon ; . central - location ;
cheap; account health. Address box 692, Call
offlce. Oakland.
WANTED— An opening In California for regu-
lar physician; best references. Box 3042, Call.
HOME bakery, candy, notions: nice furnished
rooms; -make offer; good trade. S Maxon st.
BRANCH BAKERY— Doing good business;
particulars at 300 Dolcrcs Bt., cor. 22d. *• ,
HOME btkery. enndy, notions; . nice furnished
rooms; make offer; good trade. S Mason st.
A VERY PRETTY iLJSLirUL IMITRL SE^L GIVEN
, EPCCATIONAJ — Continued.
ANOTHEH Enlarrement— California, Business
College moves the .first oj the year to It*
new home. 901-923 Golden Gate avt.. occu-
pying 1S.00O square. feet, the entire top floor
of the new Pioneer Automobile bide eppo-
e!e beautiful Jefferson square; every modern
Idea for health, comfort and progress of our
students: departments all reorganized and re-
furnished; occupies' larger . space than any
other two business - colleges on the coaat:
write at once for our 75-page Illustrated
catalogue, giving full Information about pur
25 t>er cent removal discount. Address 300
Larkin st ¦ •. • ¦
ALWAYS the best— We , are enlarging our
quarters CO per cent: other schools are mov-
- Ing farther out to secure cheap rent: our lo-
cation is central, among the business houses,
giving advantages In securing positions, also
convenient car service; experienced business
men as, teachers; actual business bookkeep-
ing:: Gregg shorthand (used In " half the
schools In America); typewriter at home
free. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st. . • •
ATRES.. the. leading business college T23 Mar-
ket et. : established IS years : - life scholar-
ship. $50; bookkeeping, shorthand., touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling, etc.;- positions - se-
cured f" the college refurnished with • new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free. ¦ ' ¦ ; _^ : \ v ¦'. __^
TOUNG - Italian i gentleman, just arrived from
China/ Is willing to get dally English les-
sons from American; state conditions; refer-
ences given If requested. . Address box 3023.
Call offlce. . . • .
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE.- 24 POST, 3.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. 'English branches; day
• and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. -305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.'
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the - university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day. and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing- established 20 yean. 1412 Pollc St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALTHS Schoor of Mines & Electricity. 24 post
St., S. F. ; a practical school. of. engineering;
complete equipment.: Special catalogue free.
YOUNG man can earn tuition by working out
cf school hours. S— F. Business. College,
_1236 Market st. • .
ENGlNEEniNG— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1864 Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ST. .JOSEPH'S ACADEMY. Peralta Park..
Berkeley, boarding school for boys under 15.
BRO. GENEBERN. Director.
PIANO leason-s. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013- Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL. OF ILLUSTRATION.. Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 42 1 Pine ft Night clasa.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing.
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1C24 Mission. nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GET your help at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleanlng Co., 1333
Pice, nr. Jap. M. E. Church: phone Polk 3668.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 135—
J»panese-Chineje employment offlce: fur-
nishes best relp; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — OKFHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnete help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main S732.
A — GRAND Japanene-Chtneae Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Offlce, 115 Franklin st.; phone Folsom 2S56.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. SOS Stockton: Main S18S.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. B4O Clay.
EMl'LOYMEXT •}?** ?' EP — FEMALE.
A SWEDISH Cook with flrst-class references
wants a situation; is young and neat: $30 to
S20. Call at MISS PLUNKETTS, 425 Sut-
ter at., near Powell, or ring up Main 5472.
AN experienced housekeeper In all Its branches,
a good dressmaker, wants" situation In Ala-
meda or Oakland; wages $20. 1203$& Golden
Gate avc, city. ¦ . . • . *
A HOUSEKEEPER wants sltuatton to elderly
cmiple or invalid; willing to go south; respect-
able arid highest references. Address box
TOPS. Call office. '
WANTED by a young woman with child 1 year
eld. ' position In family:' wages no object;
country preferred. 2S2S Twenty-fourth st. 1
A'LADY'wouId like a position to take care of
chiMren by the hour or day. MRS. K. JO-
'SEPI1IXE..M04 Eighth st. ¦
STRONG • German eirl wishes" -work In private
family ; likf 3 children ; speaks ' German only.
752 Bryant st. -
FKF.XCH girl wishes a situation to do second
work Apply 429 Sutter sL
RELIABLE woman wants wcrl: on Thursday,
Friday ard Sundsy; day or half. 49 Ivy ave.
A COMPETENT woman wishes a situation In
a private .family as cook; good reference:
Rooil cook; won't answer cards. "Call at 1111
Fol3om st. • - - ¦ •
YOUNG .girl wants position to do. 'general
housework; 5 yeurs In last place: from the
East: no postal cards; $25 per month. 276
CIara ; «t., ¦ near Sixth. .- - "* .
DANISH girl' wants situation as second girl
In private family, A.ddreas 1007 Hamp-
shire Ft.; city: call bet. I and 3. .
YOUNG Eastern" girl • wishes pr nit ion -to do
second ; work with Catholic family; good
wages required.. Box. 3Cy". Call.
EASTERN girl wishes ' position as upstairs
girl or Keneral housework; gcod wages, with
nice family. .Box 3C0S. 'Call.
MIDDLE-AGED tady wishes position with
Catholic family as governess; speaks French
and German. 236A £e\-enth St., from 10 to 4.
A SWEDISH cirl want* situation to do gen-
eral housework In a private family. ' Call
232O Twenty-third st.
YOUNG Fidnlsh girl would like a place to do
general housework. 13 Hopeton terrace, off
Washington st., bet. Stockton and Powell.
YOUNG French girl would like . situation In
private family to take care of children -and
do sewing. 1CC4 Point Lobos ave.
A FIRST-CLASS * laundress wants work by
the dav. lCT.i Vine ft..-
ADVERTISEMENTS.- subscriptions received at
Call Branch Offlce. cor. Duncan £ Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions- taken for The
Call at Eaton's Itazaar. CXI McAllister St.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
A FIRST-CLASS butler with best city refer-
' once* wishes situation;' good opportunity - for
you to secure a splendid servant. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. .T.T4 Sutter St. , •
FIRST-CLASS hotel- man. Just arrived from
New York. years' experience. 28 years of
agp, speaks English, French and German,
flrst-class references, wants to take charge
of dlnlng-rcoin; can tend bar. Box 3044, Call.
WANTED — Situation on ranch; thoroughly un-
derstand ho»e3 and cattle, also traction en-
gine find all kinds of - farming machinery;
•best refvrences, # Box 3231, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as Eastern or Southern
representative by experienced traveling sales-
man: best of reference?. Box 3040, Call.
YOUNG man wants position as collector; good
education an4 best of references. Address
room D, CSS Nineteenth St.. Oakland.,
A YOUNG man wants situation: can milk,
drive, handy with tools and plain garden-
ing. . Box .82X1, .Call. •• ;
COMPETENT young man stenographer, four
years' railroad experience., wants position any
kind. Box S048. Call of nee.
' WANTED — A position as elevator operator by
f experienced young man;, references given.
I Box 3CU2. Call office. ¦¦
YOUNG, man knowing ; Russian would like a
traveling position. Box 3CS0. Call offlce. '
SITUATION wanted as gardener or assistant
sard?ner; slr.glt; age 3y..' Box 3230. Call.
TRUSTWORTHY young man who • Is an ex"
pprienceil stenographer, desires a position "in
that capacity solely , to *«ter^ himself; San
Francisco or Oakland; references. Box 3100
trail office. .. • . *
A SOBER. Industrious . man wants pesttloa in
business house, . or to - drive; wagon • thor-
bofsoiS^C^^ce". 101 *'* ' CUy - ,¦*?-»
YOUNG man wants position as choreman on
B%x 30^5. Cafv 1 ' 01^ 1 *™" 5 '' ' Ober - ™"»bl£
ELDERLY man wants work; private family
horses, .gardening; ..useful in general- ref#rl
ences: wages moderate. . Box 3063, Call. "
YOUNG man-well -acquainted In 'city wants
position' as salesman, collector; best ; of "rer-
, erences. Box "3025. Call. "
ENGINEER wonts position: understands at*»m
:< and electrical; all fclnd* of work -roun^
building Box 3027. Catl. around
A YOUNG man. first-dam egg randlor. ben
r-ferences i from New York, , desires ' twsltlon
In a wholesale house at onct. BoxK223 CaH
By bringing your Want Ads to The Call
?f for irasertiorm in the Neat Sunday Issue
..... .". ....... ¦ * '• ¦ • ' '• ¦ ¦ -- •¦¦ ;•' \
To All Want Advertisers
• v ¦ ¦ . ....... * -j ,
<.- %.-fr. J -.-/¦.¦¦.-.¦ ..........._.. ._ . . , ._. .¦_¦;¦_: ..;.......-.;.'-.. .¦¦-, «,*v.-.. . .¦,...-.-¦-¦•¦*• ¦¦ ¦' ¦*•-¦-' ¦ •'¦'¦ k '* ••• i .rtiW.* «•• .^
INITIAL SEALS.
rr^HESE Seals are certainly very pretty and useful pre-'
-L rniums and you will not regret securing one. They may
be obtained by presenting your Want Ads to The Call" Busi-.
ness Office, 1108 Market Street or, 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
This offer is open to all Want Advertisers in Next Sun-
day's Call. Ads for. that issue will be received THURSDAY,
FRIDAY and SATURDAY. : : : ' : ': : \ :. :\The celebration was In charge of
the following committees: Arrange
ments — M. Gregovich, chairman: M.
Golcovich. G. Ivellich. S. Stiovich. J.
Kiliraovich. Reception — K. Miltsich.
N. Kyocich. G. Hlgesich. I* Kllim*
vich. M. Kilimovtcb-
OAKLAND, Jan. 7. — The Christ
mas festival of the orthodox Greek
church was celebrated by the Touns
Servian Society of Oakland at Forest
ers' Hall this evening: with a pro
gramme of Servian songs and mu
sic and an J elaborate banquet, at
which many of the national dishes
and beverages were served- Many of
those attending: the celebration were
garbed in Servian costume, and the
effect of the bright colors in con
trast with the more somber evening
dress of the majority was very
striking:. *
More than 200 invitations were Is
sued by the society, which has a
membership of seventy-five. In the
banquet hall covers were laid for
300 guests, and every seat was taken.
Some of those who attended the cele
bration were from Reno and Carson
City, New. and others from Jackson.
Angels Camp and San Jose. A large
delegation came from San Francisco.
The speakers of the evening were In
troduced by Martin Gregovich. chair
man of the committee of arrange
ments. George Ivelllch acted as
toastmaster. , agfi
YOUNG SERVIAN* SOCIETY
KNJOYS GREEK CHRISTMAS
THE .SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, FRIDAY. JANUARY 1904.
13
MONEY TO LOAN.-
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY^
' 601-002-603 Examiner building.
Quick' settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
W-.*n You Need' Money
See HERMAN MURPHY..
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants,, teamsters, boarding- houses, without
security; easy payments ;¦ largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 653 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place . to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
84G Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianca. or to salaried people on their
note: proper treatm*nt guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. IS. Phelan t»ld.. tel. Main 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov.
al, na commission, no publicity; $25 up; quick.'
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave:,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unin-
dorst'd notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture.: Indorsed n.ues and other security. S. F.
Disc£unt Agency, 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy;no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI, ."01 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture xsr Dlanos; no removal;
leweet rate: easy payments; no commission;
1170 Market St.. room C8.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 Der cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIX, room SI. frEddy st.
1 PER cent -on furniture or piano.- I 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market at.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming leans money to
salaried employes. R.311,' Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASHIoan«d salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. (iOQ Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FINE loc cf bargains in second-hand piancs.
Including such makes as Stelnway, Halnes
Kros.. Knabe, Baus. Foster, Weber, Star,
Marshall & Wendell. Sterling and ' other
makes. BENJ.- CURTAZ & SON. 1G O'Far-
rell st.; no branches -In San Francisco..
ALL makes; a list of 20 pianos under $100; 50
pianos from $100 to $200 and 200 pianos from
$200 up. -\V« rent pianog- good -enough for
practice from $1 up. HEINE PIANO CO.,
230-237 Geary st.. largest piano and piano
player dealers of the West.
DURING the nexi few days we shall off :r un-
usual opportunity lor the purchase of good
instruments at exceedingly low prices, you
can make money by calling on us at once.
THE ZCXO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY.
¦ 7t» Market st-
JITST arrived. 3 carloads new pianos, for rent
$3 mo.; 11 good second-hand pianos to be
sold at cosj. Scott-Curta». 060 Hayes st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. j 237 Geary st.
$C5 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister St.
ALMOST new upright; cheap; cash or lnstall-
ment. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st,
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
. perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-31 2 Post st.
SUPERIOR violin*, zithers, old and new. ilT
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET. [
NICE See office to Jet: also fine front desk
room. Call at 419 California at.j room 21.
PEH~sbXAL~sT " ~
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy. Vapor and electric baths; face
vlbrattag machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, bot and cold water; trained nurseti as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 400 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy' restores gray hair. Im-
provea Irs growth, "top* falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or sticklne*«;
cleanses scalp; at druggist?!', hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy. Co.. 123S
Polk st.
A — COME and let our doctors give you free
examination and advice; you pay for the
medicine only and at the lowest price*. LION
PHARMACY. 1500 Mission St., cor. 11th.
WANTED — The address of oil medical gradu-
ates desiring to practice fn California whom
the present law prohibits; 1 can help you.
Box 79, KeUeyville, Cal. .
A NEW idea In Jewelry and Central American
turtos. Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
etc.; the only store Jn the city that carriea
this. FROWISS & SON. 1239 Polk. nr. Sutter
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturer* of the Rapid Rotary
Standard- the "sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cure* per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter et. ; fee moderate.
FERNANDO KOHLUUSII will hTaT
thing to his advantage by calling or ad-
dressing C. F. M.. 53 First at.. San Fran-
cisco.
YOUNG . man would like to correspond with
young lady; object matrimony. Box SGS3
Call offlce. •
MRS. EATON, electric needle specialist, has
moved to 3C9 Sutter. Lincoln blk.. room COS.
MISS EATON to .233 Geary, room 3S.
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo.; ladies' suits made
to order: fir?t-class work; $10; with material
furnished $!'<>' up. At M. WILSON. .ISO Geary.
DRUNKENNESS morphine and all drugs dis-
ea.*cs positively cured by Willow Bark* Co..
1S'.Ki Polk Et.; consultation free; call cr write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket St.. room 203;. phone South 751.
AT le»* than cost, uncaJfej for suit*, overcoat*,
and trousers at CHARLKS LYONS'. London
Taller. 721 Market st.
DANCING Tueeday, Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard St.. near
8th: Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
ALL bills against 411 Sutter St., FRED~LOVE.
be In by Tuesday morning.
Ben Marche Pants Co. ; special $5 pants to or-
d«r. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Elll*. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mr.*. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50;.dres* pants $2 50~
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hali to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists*.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market at., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. rri.
PALMI.STIVY. \
MME. DFA'AS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist; palm reading* $1; 3 questions by ex-
press, $1; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st.
MME. NEERGARD, located at 242 Post: hours
1 to 5 daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor gt.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. .O'DONNELL — Office and residence
lCCl'-i Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor eta.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
PR; BALL. 1073% Market at.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all- disease- of the human, body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C67 Geary st.. near, Leavepworth.
DR. TONG PO CH Y. successor to Dr. LT Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures, all diseases of human
by. use of herbs and teas. 727. Washington. at.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eas«s cured by Chinese herb*. 746-8 Clay st.
;•'.., PROPERTY WAXTED. ,
WANTED — To lease building lot from owner,
north of Market, lor small modern flats;
state location. Box 3048, Call.
SEAVIXGMACHIXES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used;. $10, $15, $20; second-
. hand. $3. $5, $8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewinff Machine Co., 1051 Market st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
AUCTION— By order of Public Administrator
we will of/er the following property at auc-
tion. Monday. January 11, 1904, at 12 o'clock
noon, at our salesroom, . subject to conflrma-
. tton by the court: . No. 128 Welch St.. north
line, oft Fourth st., bet. • Bryant and Bran-
nan: improvements consist of stable and
tenements; Tents $9. per month; lot 25x75.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
$5500— COR. store, flat, cottage, with stock of
groceries and bar.
$6500 — 2 new flatF, 6 and C r. and b. on Dor-
land St.; rents $62 50 per. month.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st. '
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the I
highest price for buildings and will wre/:k
tbe largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
Ets.; office and yard.
FOR sale — 08 9-12x137:6 on Pacific at.; under
lease: $S5 per month ground rent. Inquire.
CHAS. C. BEMIS, 206 Hayward building.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO., Crocker building.
CHIMNEY tops set ud. roofs repaired by
Ahlbacb ft Mayer, plumbers. S33 Howard st.
LOTS, N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNK, 530 California at.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. .
REAL ESTATE Conntry—For _ Snle «
71S ACFES near Mayfleld. 11 miles from San
Jose: 100 acrea full bearing prunes; large
vineyard; all good land; water piped every-
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; fine
houses, stables, barns, etc.; fenced in 5 fields;
cost $100,000: price 150.000. THORNE &
KILPATR1CK. 312 Bush st. San Francisco.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
- Write for booklet. It'B free. COS J st.
WRIGHT & lylMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
. loguessent free. C.-M. WOOSTER CO.. 613
Market et. ¦ . .
I >o »>t'rICHMOXP_ REAL ESTATE.
WATER'' front lots and bargains: all tract*;
maps, photos. . etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
4 LOTfT 1 cheap for cash. '32S;Bush st, room
4, third floor. j ¦ . ; ; . '
' REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE..
WE have for sale or exchange some of the be.°t
I fruit; stock and grain ranches In- California.
P. C. -LASSEN & CO.. 46C Tenth st.. Oak-
; land. Cal. ¦ ¦ - . . : • .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$3S0O ONLY for 2 fine 9 and 10 room- houses
In good location; rent about $ti0 per month.
P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 468 Tenth St., Oak-
land. Cai.
A FINE 6-room cottage near the Key Route;
lot 5Oxl27; all street work done: must tw
sold at once: easy terms; price $2750.' P. C.
LASSEN & CO.. 4C6 Tenth st., Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAXD ROOMS TQ LET.
MONTANA House. 320 Kighth st. : sunny
gulteg and tlnglw rooms for housekeeping
OAKLAXD FURNITURE FOR SAI.B.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Scheilhaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oaklan<l.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
GEART. 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
HAIGHT. 21S— 2 splendid rooms, $20; also very
sunny front room, with kitchen; $17 50.
HYDE, 414 — Two completely furnished sunny
rear basement hkpg. rooms; bath, etc. ; $1*.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1.540 Pine at..
near Hyde — Sunny 3-room furnUbed suites;
steam h«at: electric lighted: free baths;
rates $30 up. '".''.
MODEL House, 1200 ijtoekton— Newly furnished-
hskpg., single rms.. $5-$12: gas, bath, phone.
POLK. 1020. near Geary— Neatly furnished
front-fcouaeKeeDlng'.roonT*;. reasonable. ¦
SEVENTH, 191— Nice sunny rooms for house-
keeping. r
SHOTAYELU 623 — Two aunny furnished rooms
for liebt housekeeping; bath. .
Sl'TTER. • 2ti20^ — Furnished bedroom, dining-
rooiu. kitchen; yard: bath; use parlor.
Tl'RK. &07 — .'{ or more front rooms. Including
kitchen; 5 beds: private. ¦
APARTMENT HOUSES. ¦
El, : OARMKLO — Beautiful apartment bouse;
just completed.- 1719 Washington St., near
Van Ness ave.; .".. 4, 5 and 6 rooms and both
with each; finished in natural woods; tiled
bath rooms, etc.; genteel residence location;
convenient to car lines : rooms large and
sunny; must- be seen to-be appreciated.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENT^ ;
Corner Pine and Taylor sts. ; beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior- ma-
rlne view. LYON & 11OAG. 116 Montgomery.
THE GABLES^
Cor. Clay and Larkin sts. — Modern 3-4-B-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences: reservation*
can be made on premises..! to 4; ternn reas.
bT. CECILE, 115 Fell St., above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments; private bath*,
steam heat. clec. lights, elevator, gas ranges.
ST. LOUIS*. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-S
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
AUGUSTINE, 945 Post— 3 and 4 rooms; fur-
nished new and ud to date.
HADDON HALL. ~"
951 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
APARTMENTS WANTED. , _
WANTED — An apartment of 4 rooms furnished
complete; state price and location. Box 25t.
C?ll otflce. .
ROOMS TO LK.T — Fnrn. and Unforu.
AURORA, corner Secortd and Folsom st*. — New
house, new furniture;- every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this in the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.— Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN. 636 Sutter— Just opened: hand-
¦ somely fur. : cor. suites; bath: sun all day;
fine view; single, rnu. ; tourists: ezcl. location.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. 81. $150 night;.
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
AT the Plerpont. 450 Ellis— Newly furnished
rms.: elevator; hot ft'cold water; transient.
BURNETT. 142G Market (old No. 1364)— Fur~
. nlshed rooms, nulte. single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, '806 — Single rooms, private family, .for
gentlemen with btst reference%; no sign. >
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 1000 — Large furnished room to let*
$8; gas. / .
ELLIS. 1900, near Scott— Nice large furnished
¦ room; gas; bath; phoney $8.
FTLLMORE, 026.- near McAllister st— Nicely
furnished room In a fine locality; car line
passes. tbe door: leasonable. '
FOURTH, 476 (first -floer)— Nicely furnlshei*-
room- In private family; rent reasonable'T ,
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to>l GO night; $l-to $3 week; reading-room.
LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— Sunny roorps; elec-
trlc lights; elevator; central: transient.
MANHEIM.' 6S2 Sutter — Sunny front rooms;
strictly class; transient '., . ;¦ ¦
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis—Incandescent lights.
, reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 3ac to 1150; week., $2
to' $S:> month.' $8 to $30; elevator' on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Lacuna — A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
THE FREMONT, 1864 MARKET ST.— Strictly
first-class elegantly turn, rooming hotel.
Tel. South 1133. : Capt. H. O. Ulberg, Prop.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome sunny , furnished
K' suites and single rooms; all' conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel.' 44 3* st.:near Market—
Moat- convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
- 35c to $1 CO night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ROOMS TO I.ET--Fnir». and Unfnrn.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth— Electric light la
every room; room: from 15c to $1 per nlgbt.
75c to $5 per week: open all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call .Branch offlce, cor. Duncan ft Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call lor the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
rooms and board.
a^
; van kess ave.. near geary st.
american plan.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
• SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGER & 2EBERG. PROPRIETORS.
ELEGANT front. -sunny alcove room; running
water, gas. bath; suitable . for two, with
board; private family; also another room.
1224 Golden Gate ave.; phone Stelner 3626.
- HOTEL HATTOX
977 Pine, nr. Taylor;, elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences: excellent table.
CALIFORNIA. 1248 — Most select location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed: marine vlew^
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. and Van Ness
ave.. has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
HOTEL ELSMERE, 418 Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $40; single $25.
HOTEL WALLACE, Van Ness and O'Farrell —
Rooms with board $25. per month.
NEWPORT, lOlS.-Plnp, near Taylor— Large sun-
• ny suites; also single room; excellent table.
THE NIRA. 615 Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
- ny suites; also single; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL, 308 — Furnished rooms; home
cooking: Gepnan family: $9 per week.
; ROOMS AKDi BOARD WAXTED.:
AVANTED— Board and 2 rooms for 2 adults
and -10-year-old child; price, not to exceed
$80 per month. Box 3090, Call' offlce. . -
¦ ; : SPECIAL NOTICES. :
NOTICE-rThe secretary of the San Francisco
¦ Protestant prphan Asylum Society herewith
gives - notice that the following ¦ orphan . and
half-orphan girls and ' boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum on Halght st. from
July 1,- 1903. to January 1, 1904: Josephine
. V. Johnson, 7 yrs. 10 mos,: Neta G. Johnson.
5 yrs. 6 mos. ; Florence Wllllston, 5 yrs. 8
mos.; Ruth O. Estee, ,10 yrs.; Ora M. White,
. U yrs. 7 mos. ; Martha Goessel, 3 yrs. 9
mos.; Fannje Ambler. 11 yrs 6 mos.: Laura
Ambler.' 9 yrs. 6 mo«.: Helen Belt. 7 yrs. 9
'mos.; Eva Danle.1*. 2 yrs. 4 mos.; Katie L.
¦ Schmidt, 3 yrs. 11 mos.: Eureelee Wlnntng-
ham, 7 yr,«. 4 mos.: Ktlzabeth A. Helberg. 3
yrs. 7 mos.: Cecil C. Willlston, 7 yrs. 7 mos.;
Edgar J. Mayerp, 4 yr*.; Herman Lindner, 4
yrs. 11 mos.; James R. I. Davis, 6 yrs. 6
' mos.; William L. Estee, 9 yrs. 10 mos.:
Willard E. Estee, 4 yrs. 3 mos.: Gustav
Dleffenbacker, 7 yrs.; Norman. L. Abbate, 7
yrs. H mos. • "
NOTICE la hereby given that Jhe Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake et.. Ban Francisco,
ha? received the following orphan and half-
orphan girls from July 1. 1003, to January
1. 1904: Violet K. Lundberg, 6 years; Ma-
bel Campbell, 12 years; Margaret Campbell,
ft. years: Amy K. Rice. 8 years; Bessie E.
Cook 12 years: Elliabeth Kerr. 4 years;
Annie Herrold. 12 years; Elizabeth Herrold.
10 years; Ida Herrold. 9 years^ Alice Her-
rold. S years; Hilda Herrold, 4 years; Ida
Rule. 9 years; Mabel E. Rule. 7 years; Dor-
othy R. Au Duchon. 12 years: Ruth Loui»e
Au Buchon, 8 years; Thelma Haven. 4 years,
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.:. furniture,
household goods stored, movd, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third: Dhone Grant ltU.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Ponl and Powell ats.; tel. Prive. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S -storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. :;:;.'! Golden Gate ave.; phone East V29.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
• Ml£«:on st.; tel. Howard 941; F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FlUmore at.; phone Jackson 281.
BEliIXS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 134O. Shipping at cut rales.
STUTTERING AND 8TAMMK1UNO.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
In every case: individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. -2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 SO. Tbs
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California 5t: :
A FEW good typewriters at $."50 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
A typewriter at any price: agents Fay-Shole*.
$100: Kim. $40: Commercial, $35: Postal. $29.
CUNNINGHAM, CURTISS & WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters *old, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 808 Market.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANJ"
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE bONDS—
Notice Js hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision -Of Article Kight of t'nr mortgage
from this Company. to the Central Trust Com-
pany of New York. Trustee, dated August 1.
1S99. this Company ha» set apart cut of the
net income derived by It from (he line* of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
ty -five thousand dollar* in trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bor.d* issued
under said mortgage will be reJeemed there-
with and bids are hereby invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to lie named by
the bidders, to the amount requisite to ex-
haust ?ai.i sum. Such bids should be pre-
sented to this Company at its office. 120
KroaUway. In the City of New YurK. on or
before the 1st day of February. 1904, at
twelve o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed
¦>"Bld«i for Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company First Refunding Bor.Js."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
lly E. II. HARRIMAN. President.
New York. January 'J, 1904.
I HAVE sold the butcher nhop. 1S06 Howard
St.. to DAS. KEMPHELL, and will not be
responsible for any bills contracted after
thin date. G. B. OHIO.
31 Alt K IAGK LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
George A. Dlssmeyer. 23, W4 First street,
and Elizabeth <ie Martini. 22. Sunnyslde.
Uriah H Newburn. .'!7, Crete, Nebr., and
Mary Christy. 30. Vallejo.
Milton E. Unger. 34, 351S Sacramento street,
and Marie L; Heppner. 27. 1514 Jackson street
William H. Wheeler, 31. 143 Sixth atreet,
and Martha Hamilton, 38. *43 Sixth street.
Columbus Mallaspina, 27, Angels Camp, and
Louisa Cuneo. 17, Angels Camn.
Walter A. Spencer. 33; Seattle, Wash., and
Augusta F. Pwyer. 25. city. %
Charles R. Gray. 24, 141 Sickles avanue, and
Mr-llda PelfegTini. 10, 109 Plymouth avenue.
George L. Johnson, 45, 424 Ivy avenue, and
Grace H. Sawyer, 30. IS Mason street.
Max ¦ Gross, - 30.' ••91 McAllister street, and
Lyla C. Perkins, 24. 807 Van Ness avenue.
¦ Peter Schneider. 631 *» Green street, and
Charlotte E. Robblns, 29. 1304 Powell street.
Grat Larrien. 34, 433 Dupont - street, and
Jeanne L. Hougrie, 36. city.
Giuseppe Annuxil. 39, 336 Green street, Snd
Maria G. Cava, 29. 330 Green street.
Oscar Holmquist. 30. Swartlngstorp, Sweden,
an.l Anna L. Swanberg. 20, 1417 Geary street.
Edward Dwelly, 38, 27C9 Howard street, and
Hazel Ooenshaw. 27. Kan Mateo.
Nels M. Iversen, 2t>. Point Arena, and Louise
Graves, 21. Point Arena.
Edward V. Ogden, 34. 56" Third street, and
Mary.E. Safley, 21, 567 Third street.
BimS-MARRIAGES-DEAM
1 Birth, marriage and death notices sent by.
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and reslde-nce of per-
sons authorized to have tbe same published.
Noticc-8 restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. .
BORX.
ARON— In this city,- January 6. 1804, to the
wife of M. Aron, a son.
FORTHMAN— In Vallejo, Cal.. December 27.
1003. to the wife of F.mll D. Forthman. a
'daughter.
JACOBY — In this city. December" 24. 1903, to
the wife of Albert Jacoby, a daughter..
McKENNT— In this city, January 4, 1904, to
- the ! wife of John McKenny. a daughter.
SERP.AN0— In this city, January 6, 1904, to
the wife of Rafael Serrano, a son.
~~™~ MARRIED.
BREDAL— POMEROY — In this city. January
4 : 1904. by the Rev.'O. Groensberg, Thomas
H. Bredal and Marlon Poraeroy. v
DALY— HERTING— In this city, January I
1904, by the Rev. M. H. Liebe. Dennis Daly
and Pauline, Herting, both of San , Francisco.
LINDSAY — WHIPPLE-^-In this i city, at tht
• First Unltt-d Presbyterian Church, ; January
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for eale cheap. S32 Mission st.
FOR eale — Handsome trap, cheap. Box 3759,
Call offlce.
Largest assortmt 2-band wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey, harness, work, driving bcrses, 15th-Valencla.
HOLSES TO J^E^^^^JL^
A— PRINTED hst of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G.H.UMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordcs Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
st., on the square.
~
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let- BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post St.
.A WEEK'S news for 5 centj— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, 1r. wrapper, fcr mailing, $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET — FURXISHED.
ELEGANTLY fuml6hed house of 14 rooms for
tale; account of departure. Apply 503 Post
zt.. near Mason.
LOST AND FOLWD.
LOST — Ilctween Crocker-Woolworth National
Dank and 322 Pine St.. a black pocket-book
containing nothing but currency. Finder will
please return it to the cashier of the bank
ar.d receive reward.
LOST— Yesterday, between Pine and Leaven-
worth and Eutter and Mascn Bts., ruby and
diamond cluster ringr. Liberal reward if re-
turned to W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
LOST — Oialn and locket, enpraved "It. J. R."
Liberal reward will be paid at R. J. BLEN-
XERHASSETTS. 221 First St.
LOST— Light colored terrier bitch "Fuzzie";
license tag 451; reward. 3009 Sacramento st.
LOST — Sunday afternoon, amethyst seal
eharro. Hawaiian coat of arms cut on stone.
Suitable reward If returned to C23 Eddy st.
HACHIN'ERV— Bought, Sola »n«l El.
HAND elevator wanted to be installed in ware,
house. Lron-Dlmock Storage and Moving
Co.. 412 Eleventh St., Oakland.
MEDICAL..
MRs! DR. WTETH, specialist fof all female
complaints; tnstant relief guaranteed; 30
years" experience; removed to S26 Post »t.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist' for ail fe«
male troubles and irregularities; instaat re-
lief guaranteed. 1C08 1 ,* Market St., Cpp. 5th.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are «Ick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaint?: positively corrected; the unfortu-
Data helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlr.gham, 204 Sutter st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Xess — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladies 1
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment; 112(Afarket st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 318 Powell st.. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCE^LAXEOUsI— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont St.
TRY APBESTOfc roof paint- and be convinced
that it is the •r.ly paint that will stop alt
leaks In any rocf, either metal or shingle; it
2s also the best preservative paint for all new
metal and shingle roofs, and makes the roof
last over twice as lone than painted with
any other paints; it has no e<jual. Office, 41i#
California at., room 21; telephone James 5TU.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? '•
Repair it with eiaterlte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; gocd over old
lrcn. tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, bollen*. engines, pumps,
• pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc, bought, sold..
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
11. 8. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A — Fine suits. S7 50: dress pants. $2 .".0. Origl-
Dal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 233 Kearny St..
uear Bvsh; open to 9 p. m.. Snnday to noon.
A — Buy*, cells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
€tc. WH1TELAW. 2S3-255 Spear *t.
00 HEAD calves, from 6 months to 12 months
o!d. in fine condition. Apply at 1421 Buchan-
an st. J. I>EIPS1C. .
SIX foot oval glass cabinet top show case,
nickel plate, good condition; cheap. Apply
1224 Golden Gate: ave. '
TYPEWRITERS, slightly 4i«=ed. sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
tent free. R. E. Revalk &. Co., San Francisco.
TRY our men's ehoes at $1 and $1 -50 pair;
foot-fcrm «ho»s at t- CO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
ALTERATION cale— Best $2 50 $1 W).
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. 1. FREEMAN, 1329 Market st #
FOR rale — Gentle fr*sh family' cow.
4106 Sixteenth si., off Ashburr. .
SAILING ark for fishing and bunlinr. .S2t>
Burh »t.. third floor, room 4.
SOME good necond-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 H. P. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
FINE steam automobile; first-class running or-
der. AV. V., S2U Lycn St., San Francisco.
SLOT machines cheap: Chlcae/oes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucka. BACIGALUPI. 933 Marke t.
DESKS and safes: nee the complete lln<* at 1P16
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THK HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
NEW and seoend-hand machinery of all kinds.
KP.OGH MFG. CO.. f>19 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic !ant*rn«. sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard & Breck, 1J1 Port st.
MILES of pipe *nd fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY &. SONS. 109 Vallejo at.
SAFES — New and- second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market sL j
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
.picture machines, films. BacigalupL C33 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobile* and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont Et.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
make*. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address . in the
United States or Canada one year for $1. .
¦MISCKI-LAXEOL'S WANTS.
BOOKS' and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market tt.: phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
1 PAY highest prices for all kind* of cast-off
clcthlng; send postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
TILTON wants good eecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.; tel Jesile 2S51.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco: At a regular nieet-
'•¦¦¦¦: of the board of directors of this bank,
held January 5, 1804, a dividend was -de-
clared tor the half year ending December
31. 1803. at the rate of seven (7) per cent
per annum, payable on and after the 15th
inst.; transfer books will be closed from- tbe
10th to tbe 15th Inst.. both days inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco. January S. 1904. -
DIVIDEND NOTICE— CALIFORNIA SAFE
DEPOSIT AND TRUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery sts.. For tbe
«lx months ending December 31. 1903. divi-
dends have been declared on deposits In the
•avtngs department ct this company, as fol-
lows: On term deposits at the rat* of
• 0-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate ot 3 per cent per an-
um. tn« of taxes, and payable on and alter
eaturday, January 2, 1904. Dividends To-
talled for are added to the principal after
January 1, 1804. J. DALZELL. BROWN.
Manager. r - ¦
EAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 708 Market sC. opposite 1 Third—
For the half-year ending 31st of December,
1*03. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating; certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAT, January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A- LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. : A dividend. No. ¦ 61, of fifty
cents (50c) per chare on the Issued capital
e tock of the company has been declared, pay*
at the office of the company, rooms 202.
204 and 200 Hayward building, San Fran-
cisco, on January 11, 1904; transfer books
close Jan. 4, at nron. C. C. QU1NN. &«.
5. 1904, by theJRev. H. H. Bell, Athol T.
Lindsay of Capitola. Cal., and Lila B. Wbtp-
. pie of Soquel, Cal.
DIED. \
Beard. Rev. Jas. >f. Knox. Mrs. Emma
- Bell. Robert A. London. Minna
Burris. David Lowe. Jesse M.
Clifton Margaret McCarthy. Mrs. B.
Cole John McKay. George P.
Donovan. Wm. J. Martini. Jiuseppe
Emerson* John T. Minehan. The*. J.
Emery. Charles W. Monnin. Euphroysne
JErtz. E. Louise Montague. Temple
Fltz Gerald, Ann Morgan. George A.
Foley. Timothy Mueller. Adolph G.
Gallagher, Elliabeth Nyhan Daniel F.
' Galleges. Emily L. Ohm Ellsa
Gardner. Arthur W. Reed. Catherine
Glover, James E Ryan, Ann
Godfrey. George T., Ryan. Mrs. Margaret
Hlppely. Charles A. ' Schaupp. Frederick
-. Hughes. Francis V. Seyfried. Matheus
Jensen. Christian J. Shaen. Sarah
Johnson. Samuel Sharp. Thomas F.
Kennedy. Eliza Stillman. Cara
> King, Jeremiah Vogel. Edward
BEARD— In St. Louis. Rev. Jame» N. Beard.
' D.D.. belovsd husband of Cynthia Beard,
father of May and Edith Beard, and brother
of Burke Beard of Indiana, a native of In-
diana, aged S3 years 7 months and 4 days.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
BELL— In Shlnsle Springs. January 6. 1604,
Robert Allen Bell, beloved brother of Mrs.
E. M. Buckley and Harford Bell, a native
of Coloma, El Dorado County. Cal.
BURRIS— In Santa Rosa. Cal., January 5.
1004. David, dearly beloved husband of Julia
A. Burris. devoted father of Mrs. Henry
Hopper of Uklaa. "Walter. Joshua. Henry
and Edward Burris and Mra. Laura Draper
of Tulare. Mrs. Alice Welker of San Fran-
cisco, Mrs. Dora Olateton of Sonoma and
Frank Burris of Santa Rosa, and uncle ot
Al W. Burris or Santa Rosa and Jease Bur-
ris ot Sonoma, a native of Missouri, aged
79 years 11 months and 29 days.
C7"S*rv!ces will b« held to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 12 o'clock, at the chapel In Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Friends are hereby noti-
fied that funeral will leave Third and Town-
send streets at 11:30 o'clock by special car.
CLIFTON— In thU city, January 7, 1904, Mar-
garet Clifton.
COLE — In this city. January 7. 1904, John
Cole, a native of New York, aged 74 years.
DONOVAN— In this city. January 6. 1904.
William J. Donovan, dearly beloved son of
the late Mrs. Marie Donovan, a native of
Boston, Mass.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the- funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 3131 Twentv-second street, thence
to ! St. Rose's Church for services at 1
o'clock. A solemn hlch mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of bis- soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock, on Monday, January 11,
1904, at St. Peter's Church.
EMERSON*— In th!g city. January 7. 1904.
John T. Emerson, a native of Oregon, aged
45 years.
EMERY— In Oakland. January 6. 1904. Charles
W.. beloved husband oX Caroline Foster
Emery, a native of Massachusetts, aged 01
years 3 months and 1 day.
ERTZ— In Oakland. January 7, 1904. E. Lou-
ise, beloved daughter of Mra. Susan R. Ertx.
and sister of Mrs. Charles Anderson Brown
and Charles Edward Ertx. a native of New
York City.
FITZ GERALD — In this city. January 6. 1904.
Ann. dearly beloved wife of Michael Fltz
Gerald, and mother of. Mrs. G. F. Coletnan
and Maurice J-. Mary Frances and> Martha
Fits Gerald, a native Of Ballina, County
Mayo. Ireland.
C7Funeral and Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
FOLEY— In this city. January 7. Tim-
othy Foley. betoved husband of Ann Foley,
'a native of Ireland.
CyNetlce of funeral hereafter.
GALLAGHER— In this city. January 7. 1904.
Elizabeth, relict of, Daniel Gallagher, and
b«loved mother of Mrs. Mary B. Meeban, a
native ot County Donegal, Ireland, aged 7<>
years.
C7The funeral will take place from her
late residence. 141 S Alabama street, to-mor-
row (Saturday), at 9:3O o'clock, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where a solemn mass of
requiem will be offered for the repose of ber
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
strictly private.
GALLEGOS— In this city. January €L 19O4.
Kmliy Louise, youngest daughter of Sara M.
and the late Rafael Gallexos, a native of
San Francisco.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are re«pect-
fully invited to attend a requiem mass to-
morrow (Saturday), at »:30 o'clock, at St.
Mary's Cathedral. Interment private. Please
omit flower*.
GARDNER— In tbii* city. January 6. 1904.
Arthur W.. b»!oved son of Lewis M. and
Clara il. Gardner, and brtjther of Florence
B. Gardner, a native of Oakland. Cal., aged
12 years 6 months and 20 days.
EVThe funeral will take place to-day
< Friday), at 1 :30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Porter & White. 453 Golden Gat? avenue.
Interment private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
GLOVER — In this city, January 7, 1904. James
E. Glover, dearly beloved son of Mr. and
Mrs. A. J. Glover, and brother of Mrs. J. C.
Junken or 1'aw-on. Y. T.. Mrs. J. Hyde and
Harry W.. Thomas F. and Jennetfe Glover,
a natlv* of Benlcla. Cal., aged 33 years s
months and 10 days.
GODFREY— In this city. January 6. 1804.
, George T. Godfrey, beloved husband of Mary
Uodfrey. and beloved father of Edna. Willie.
Lily. Georce and Mildred Godfrey, a native
of San Francisco, aged 33 years 6 months
and 10 days.
tnt'niiiirfff at the parlors of Gantner
Bros.. 12C9 Mission street, between Elghtb
and Ninth. Funeral and Interment private.
HIPPELY— In this city. January ». 1903.
Charles A. Hippely, beloved husband of
Louisa Hippely, an«J father of George. Step-
ham and I>e*ey Hlnpely. a native of Erte.
t'a., axed 51 years and 7 months, A member
of Knights of Honor. Germanla Lodge.
CTFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tbe funeral services
Friday, January a. at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence. 441 Linden avenue. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this city. January 6. 1904. Fran-
cis V.v Hus he?, a native of San Francisco,
aged 33 yeais 11 months and 23 days. A
member of the Waiters' L'nlon. Local No. 30.
C7 Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at '2 o'clock, from the funeral parlor* of
Porter A, While. 423 Golden Gate avenue,
thence t& flt. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JENSEN— Entered into rest, January 6, 1904.
Christian J. Jensen, beloved husband of
Kate Jensen <nee Coakleyi, and father of
May Jensen, a native of Denmark, ared 42
years. A member of the Coopers' Union,
Local C5.
fXFrirf.d« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Kridayi. at 9:13 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McOrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Elghtb.
thence to St. Paul's Church, where services
will be held at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In th!» city. January 6. 1804.
Samuel, beloved husband of Harriet E. John-
son, father of H. R. and L. E. Johnson, and
brother of William Johnson of Dtxon, Cal..
a native of Nottinghamshire, .England, seed
74 years and 8 days.
E7Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and- Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KESNEDI — Entered into peace, in this city.
January 6. 1904, Kllza Kennedy, beloved
mother of Mrs. P. Harbel. Mrs. M. Kohl or
Kew> York. Mrs. M. Derham, Mrs. C. E.
Amsbro and. William Kennedy of this city.
(New York papers please copy.)
KVFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
January 8, 1904, at 10 o'clock, at the funeral
parlors of Yalente. Marinl tt Co.. 1524 Stock-
ten street. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
KING— In the City and County Hospital. Jan-
uary H 1904. Jeremiah King, a native of
New York, aged 88 years.
KNOX— In this city, January 6. 1904. Mrs.
Emma «". Knox. a native of Pennsylvania.
(Philadelphia, Pa., papers please copy.)
LONDON— In this city, January «, 1904." Min-
na, beloved daughter of Johana. and the late
Louis A. London, and sister of Mrs. G. .Vic-
tor and Mr*. E. Michaels, a native of San
Franclsco.-
LOWE— In this city. January 7. 1904. Jesse
Marian, beloved husband of Margaret B.
Lowe, and father of Jessie M. Eickhoff and
Clarence W. Lowe, a native ot Maryland,
aged S3 years.
MCCARTHY— In this city, January 6, 1904.
Mrs. Bridget McCarthy, sister of Mrs. Mar-
garet Wiers. and aunt of Mrs. Stamper. '
Mr?. Tomkln. Mrs. Meiehan and Genevieve
and James Wlers. a native of County Lim-
erick, Ireland, ared 71 years 3 months and
10 days. .
- E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral services
to-day. January 8. 1004, at 10:30 o'clock, at
th; parlors of the California Undertaking
Company 405 Powell street, near Post. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, via
11 o'clock boat.
McKAY— In this city. January 5, 1904. George
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan * Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st. , opposite Lincoln School.
V> Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
——Funeral Directors . and Erabalmers — 7—
Formerly In < Metropolitan Temple. -
Now at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Bates.
P. McKay, beloved husband of C. M. Mc-
Kay, and father of Georse S. McKay, Mr*.
"VV. H. Colby. Mrs. C. C. Williamson. Mrs.
O. Vannuccl. Mrs. E. J. Brandon. Mra. T.
Severance snd Thomas and Fred; McKay, a
native of Enjcland. as«1 5U years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect'
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, &'.Z l . Elizabeth street. Services will .
be held at his late residence at 12:30 o'clock.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MARTINI— In this city, January 6. 1904. Jiu-
seppo Martini, beloved husband of Dell Mar-
tini, and uncle of Guaitlero Martini, a na-
tive of Switzerland, aged 31 years 9 months
and 3 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
Friday. January 8. 1904, at 12 o'clock, at
Charles J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors.
C36 Washlnarton street, thence to Third
street, corner of Townsend. to l:3O o'clock
train. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MINEHAN — In this city. January 6. tWM.
Thomas Josenb. dearly beloved son of Tim-
othy P. and Jennie Minehan. and Iovlnr
brother of Edmund C. and Hilton T. Mine-
han, a native of San Francisco, aged b4
years 10 months and 5 days.
C7Tbe funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the Barents. 1320 Harrison street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MONJfIX— In this city. January 7. 1904. Eu-
phroyme Monnin (nee Cbappuis). beloved
wife cf John B. Monnin. mother of John P.
Monnin, Mrs. ¦(.'. E. Watklns and Georre J- .
Monnin, daughter ot John R. and Melane
Cbappuis, and sister of Felix. Mary and tb*
late Pauline ChaDOuls, a native of Buffalo.
N. Y.. aged 69 years. tUuff&lo papers pleas*
copy.)
E7Friends sre invited to attend the fu-
*neral services Saturday, at 9 o'clock, at the
Notre Dame Church, Bush street, where
mass will be said for the repose of her soul.
Remains at the parlors of N. Gray & Co..
353 Sutter atreet, until 8:30 o'clock Satur-
day.
MONTAGUE:— In this city. Temple Montastie.
beloved mother of Mrs. C H. Brown of
Honolulu, aced 50 years.
CXThe funeral will take place to-da»
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Hanry J. Gallagher Undertaking
Company. 20 Fifth street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
MORGAN— In Windsor. CaJ.. January 7. t«M.
George A. Morgan, a native of New York,
aged 68 years.
MUELLER— In this city. January «. 1904.
Adolpn O. C Mueller, a native of Ger-
many, aged 58 years 5 months and 29 day*.
NYHAN— In the City and County Hospital.
January 7. 1901. Daniel F. Nyhan, a na-
tive of Oregon, aged 3S years.
OHM— In this city. January 7. 1904. Ellsa.
beloved wife of Charles L. Ohm. and coustn
of Mra. J. McCormick. a native of Ireland,
aged 75 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from ber lat*
residence. 1271 Howard street, between
Eighth and Ninth, and thence to St. Josephs
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing; at 9 o'clock, and thence by electric fu-
neral car leavlnar Elrhteenth and Guerrero
•treets at 10:15 o'clock to Holy Cross Ceme-
. tery for interment. Please omit flowers.
REED— In this city. January 7. 1904, Cather-
ine Reed, a native of County Loath, Ire-
land, aged SO years. %
RYAN — In this city. January 7. 18O4. Ann.
beloved wife of tile late Charles Ryan, an)
beloved mother of John Ryan and Mrs. M.
Fleming, a native of County Kilkenny. Ire-
land, axed 79 years.
RYAN— The final Interment of the late Mrs.
Margaret Ryan, beloved wife of Michael
Ryan, and mother of Ftederlca Logan, will
take place at Holy Cross Cemetery Saturday.
January 9. 1904. at 11:30 o'clock. Friend*
arc respectfully invited.
SCHAUPP— In this city. January 7. 1904,
Frederick, dearly beloved husband of Mar.
Schaupp. father of Mrs. W. C. Reutschler,
and grandfather of Esther M.. Fred W..
Ruth and Russel Reutschler, a native of
Wuriemberg, Germany, aged 77 years.
SEYFRIED — In this city. January 6. 19O«.
Matheus gevfried. beloved father of Mrs .1.
Dell and Frank. August and Ernest Sev-
fried, a native of Baden, Germany, aged X*
years 2 •months and 20 days.
E7Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlor-
of H. P. Peteraen. 228 McAllister street,
thence to St. Boniface's Church. .Golden Catw
requiem hi*h mass will be celebrated for
the reDGse of his soul, tommencins: at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHAEN— In ibis city. January 6. 1904. Sarah.
beloved wife of Joseph Shaen. and mother of
Mrs. 11. Kotow»ky and Jacob. Aaron. Sam-
uel ana Peter Shatn. a native of Germaa>.
aged 75 years and 9 months.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday;, at 10:15 o'clock, at her
late re*ldence. 1312 Webster street. Inter-
ment Hills of Ktemity Cemetery, by train
leavlnr Third and Townsend streets at 11 :U<>
o'clock.' Kindly omit flowers.
SHARP — In this city. January 5. 1904. Thomas
Kail Sharp, beloved husband of Mary Sharp
father of Helen Christian. Ntnran D. and
Willie Sharp, and son of the late William
Sharp, manager of Manchester District Bank
of Liverpool. England, a native of England.
aged 3S years 4 months and 23 days.
E7Friend> and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day- (Friday), at 1O o'clock, at the mor-
tuary chanel of the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing Comoany, 24S3 Mission street, near
Tweuty-tlrst. Interment Cyoress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
STILLMAN — In Chicago, December 3O. 19O3.
Cara Stlllman, beloved daughter of John M.
and Emma R. Stlllman.
¦ E7immediate friends are invited to attend
the services Saturday, January 9. at 10:45
o'clock, at the residence. Stanford Univer-
sity. Interment private.
VOGEL—In Alameda. January T. 1904. Ed-
ward Vogel. a native of Prussia. Germany.
aged 80 years 5 months and 26 days.
K7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturdav). at 9:30 o'clock, from th* par-
lors of Henry Evers. 8to Washington street.
Oakland. Cremation at Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. San Francisco.
Dr.R.L.Walsh
' 1/ Ml ' ** W * * m * T *****
«• * 847 Geary St.
Blr«t.y •«s« ( |to t.t*W ( » fill
Reduced Rates for Thtriy Day*
Painless extraction ....'. sse
v rnirnis 5o«
Crawns $2.00 to S5.0O
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to $25.00
MtK JO* XIU Aft IACE OTSM BAT.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE — Cob.
¦ INDUSTRIOUS business women capable of
handling mercantile proposition can secure
employment with the Royal Mercantile Co.;
. j. . r • ¦ ¦ '. work : pood compensation. Suite 19.
Columbian building. 916 Market St.
¦KRAT girl for general housework: two In
family; references. 147 Buer.a Vina ave., l»i
fclocks frcn Kaight and Baker.
FIRST-CLA^S stenographers furnished. Mies
M. G. Barrett, ir.ttructor. S02 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
rubicrirticr.s. has bten established at 1098
Valencia et.
A BRANCH cff.ee cf The Call for the recep-
tion cf advertisements and subscriptions has
been crened at 100S Market St.. opposiu
Fifth. Oren until 11 p. m.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY. 6T.1-638 Clay St.
Phone Main 5S4S.
rS45 Main phone.
. L*ai:r.g Employment and Labor Agents.
1803 We Gave lO^H We Hope To
• «0.000 ifen Work. Increase 60,000.
Arizona. Close to Prescott.
Oerrr.an cr Scandinavian cock. wife. $50.
Carriage trimmer. Old Mexico, free fare.
$9— Don't Forget— $3.
• Aiizor.a To-<lay. Prescott.
Sieeid> ;obe for two year*; big wages.
Italians.
4<) Italians to chop wood; tools found.
S rooks $30 ?40 $.V) $GO fouad.
MIR RAY'& REA DY. 6S4-636 Clay St.
IN MKNDOC1NO COUNTY.
1R German or Scandinavian woodchoppers,
N'o. 1 big job fl to $1 ;>0 crrd.
• :s rrcners btss here to-day. $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-606 Clay st.
TWO baker* country job*. *1« to $20 a week.
Raker, inrtiiution. $40 found.
•" ~ MURRAY & RCADY. «."'4*-636 'clay' st.
TV'AITER. commercial hcte!. $3 fare. $30 fd.
N*:rf<! 'country institution.
MURRAY & READV. CCt-636 Clay »t
'ELEVATOR bey; bell b->>\ $20. $2# found.
Bedrraker; butcher, all round man.
Ki reman (trradini? camp. $75.
MURRAY & READY. <«4-C36 Clay gt.
WANTED — A first-class clothing and up-to-
date lurclehins poods salesman; $75 and per-
centage; for large store In the interior; refer-
• ences. J. F. CUOSETT & CO., 02S Sacra-
mento at.
WANTED — A shoemaker for cobbling, etc.;
tnurt be neat in appearance; wages $13 a
week; for rountrv department store. J. F.
CROSETT fc CO., €28 Sacramento Et.
CARPET salesmen, $20 a week and percent-
ape: waiter, country hotel. $25 and found:
*hop baier. $1S week; 2 farmer?. fcW and
found, ar.d others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
t2* Sacramento St.
A.— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY^
520 — MONTGOMERY ST. — G2H.
Ccr. Clay st.. f.irt floor. Upstair?. /
TVrf Main Usi U91 Main Ph«ne.
COAL MINERS — Orepon. New Mexico,
«-hi,v\ Butte Co.. HALF FARE. $2S.
T*o and 4 horse teamrter*. $2 25 and S2 50.
3 Cfc.-rsers: cock, private family, city; ranch
to !eaw ; rock and do chore* ranch.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
526 — MO NTGOM E R Y— 526.
Ccr. C'ay st. Upstairs First floor.
AT Cai. Enu loymem Agency. .14 Third St..
near Call b!di. — 2 ranch hands, $25 and
found; 1 choreinan en ranch. S25 and found.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Second cock, country, $70.
__ _ _
Men to learn the barber trade in two months
acd 6ecure good petitions; catalogue and full
infcrn-.af.on mailed free. MOLER System
College. C35 Clay st.
WANTED — Bey. age 16 to IS. for men's fur-
r:th:r.g eooUs line. Apply at SCHOEN-
FELD?, CloibinR and Furnishing Goods,
Market et., cpp. Seventh.
GOVERNMENT positions— Ca 11 st room 14.
. ftfth floor. TX5 Larkin St.. for free informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limit*, etc.;
day cr even!ng£.
TV ANTED— -B^y from -14 to IS years of age to
learn th« <irv goods business. Au.iy be-
tween ¦ and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
• HONEST. . active man; outside wcrk and eoT-
•>ciir.s: salary ?50 month; $200 cash deposit
rtQUired. 3> Montiromfry st., room 8.
UMXVKftSITT rradtiate with literary talent
c*n rind ei-"ponunlty for rco<1 Investment
« H'a service*, high class magazine. 543 Clsy.
V ANTED— Good live ir.eo to solicit; big
money: call at occe. 137 Montgomery et.,
room 33.
TRY our men's shoes, union pnade. at $1 and
*'.."¦_• pt*- pair, foot-form ehoes at $2 ItO. nr
orthopedic shoes, S3 SO; best shoes on earth. 11
Third ct . £.iaa. bldg.. S doors from Market.
'BTSHELMAN for country. Apply I'.EISS
BROS. & CO.. SI Sutler st.
OFFICE &Fsis>tant: wholeaale grocery bu&inea* ;
suite ?ze. Answer bcx 3O4L Call offlce.
'FOR <-a!e ch*ar> — 2 barber cha'rs. 2 mirrors
*nd poie. Apply 34SH Seventh, cpr. Harrison.
V' ANTED — Two bright, neat errand boys. M.
FRIEDMAN & CO., 2J7 Pest et.
V' ANTED — A rood barber: a steady and res-
r"-ctabie man. Addrezs box 3043, Call offlce.
V ANTED — First-class bead bushelman. Box
L'^S-. CalL
WANTED — A .?*»• 15 cr 16 years old. Apply
to A. H. PRESTON. 331 Pine Ft., at 9 *. m. .
\V\NTED — :5 Cood carpenters for etoreflttlng-.
itS Larkin *t.
VAXTED-An elevator boy. 29 Stockton st.
BARBER she": all transient; money in it.
&TOLTZ, 723 Market st.
BARBER shop f;r sa!e en Fourth sf. ; cheap.
Apply Call office.
GOOD barber for 10c thx»p. Call after » o'clock,
?".'3 C!ay «'.
WHY pay t;g price* to have your ehoes haif-
«cle2 when ycu can get it done fcr 23c. tJe
*r.i 60c while you «a!t at 'Cl Mission St.,
bet. 1st and "d tts.. or 11 Third st.
BTEKOGBAPBEB wanted— A large bueinesji
hcuse wants a competent stenographer, who
has else a practical kiu>*ledge of commercial
£pani?h; making cut of consular in\oice*.
truntlaticns. etc.; state age. experience, ref-
erences and machine last used. Addiess. re-
»ly box .'/J2i. Call office.
V>"ANTF:D — An all around bookbinder; one who
fan do iorwardinr and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANCORN VAIL & CO.. 741
Market Ft.
WANTED— 'Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rc'kln. Reno Ilouse proprietor, has
«<l<!*a joo new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third tt.; 250 roomg; 20c to 50c per night.
"WANTED— A young nan as stenographer:
»r.ces l?,n; referrn^et, required. Apply JOHN
¦ RAFP & spy. Ei 8 h:h and Townsend s-ti.
TRY our men> shoe*, union made, at $1 and
$1 W> pair; foot-form *hoe« at $2 CO; we pay
express or mail chares, n 54 gt _ E xain. bid.
PALMER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle,
is eernmly requested to write to bis Borrow-
ing mother, cr ccine heme. "
2(/» YOUNG ir-n cf 13 >eara.~wUh good char-
acter. to organize military organization
Ca'.I at 473 Valencia St.. t*t. 6 and 8 cm.
PENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. ; 14
years' practice; references from thousand! cf
perscru; for when I have secured pensions.
TWO-CHAfR barber sthep for eale; account de-
parture. ZZ12 Twentieth st.
6AILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
*fc!}.'5. Apply DENT'S place. 26 Steuart st.
1<«: BARBER shop for sale cheap; two chain.
- Jji^- :r <- 3(21 Howard tt.
W*A»>T>:n— Driver for laundry wagon; must
frave $250. s?72 Mission st.
WANTKlj— Fim-cla*s barber as partner in
y-chalr yhop. 2C02 Mission st.
DRUG clerk; salary $100: give reference. Ad-
ixtu box 322^ cm ctflce. /,
BARBKH?_For sale. 2-ctair shop; old Hand;
gocd tra£^ Apply Call office.
• BARBER tbcp f 0 - gale. 233 East at.
. Musicians to join military band. S28 Bush
"•• th 'rJj5cor. room 4. -
M f; N *. l °I?srn barber trade. Ean Francisco
fge| 741A Howard st.
P ?^ £IO T^" *•*>•-. E A. Butlls room 40. Phelan
__giff_gf^t_2°_ m - G **°- H. Thomas Post. G.A.It.
"fSS^tJP & PERRY have a large stock of
_f5^_a^djeccnd-hand shoes; cheap. 233 3d st ¦
WINCHnirER~Hotel. « Third «t near Mar-
r^T-V room *: 25c night: reading room*:
J^_bus^c baggage to *ad from ferry.
A <^ I L'ir' CI ? ofac * of ¦"»• Cm" tor th « recepOon
™"V r «s<":7".'?nt* and subscriptions has been
Jgg^Ljig, » arktt "- opposlte rmbj
A pri« "rV? Z' . Ehoe8 - 8l! s n «y awa**" 1 . *»«
-Pnct. 6 " Mission st.. bet. 1st and ti rta. .
. *ti» r s0e' U Y^ 0 ? h * lf " o!ed wW1 « waiting-: 26<?
» »«c. tCo ailieion tt.. bet. l*t «£(( 2d «ts.
FPEE TO WANT ADVERTISERS IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALLGa.n ranges $11 and upward, heaters
IV.&Q at San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, 415 Post street •
•- . * ,. Thursday. January .7. -r
Stmr Chehalis. Martin. 34 , hours from San
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
I The British ship Netherby, which was mak
ing such a long voyage from London for Hono
lulu that the underwriters 'interested in her
reinsured their risks, paying, a premium of JO
per cent" for the protection, arrived yesterday
at the (stand uort. She /was 178 day* on the
trin. The rate of reinsurance en the Loch
Overdue Ship Arrives.
NOTE — The high .¦ and low waters 'occur at
tin city front (Mission- street wharf) about *>R
minutes later than at Fort'Point; the-helrbt
uf tide is the same at both places
United States Coast and ', Geodetic Survey —
. Time and Height of High and Low Wa'tera
at Fort. Point; entrance to .San Francisco
Bay. 'Published by official authority of the
- Superintendent. ' -. ¦ , .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The members of Company B. First
Regiment, Lcapue of the Cross Cadfcts.
will Klve a grand entertainment and
ball for the benefit of the uniform fund
at Native Sons' Hall on the^cvening of
February 4. Many veil-known enter
tainers have volunteered their services.
Ixms^ic of Cross Ball
Must Fly Chilean Ting.
The bark Andromeda, ¦which put into Hono
lulu dismasted and was bought, repaired and
put Into commission by. the Charles Nelson
Company, roust for the present fly the, Chilean
flag. Originally Rrltteh, she was given Chilean
register temporarily. Whtn Ehe left Eureka
with a cargo of lumber, for Australia on her
flrft voyage for her new, owners the stars and
stripes were flying from her gaff, although the
formalities of securing American register had
not been comoleted. The Australian authori
ties are wald to have refused to recognize the
Andromeda' Jt right to fly Old Glory and for
the present che must do business under the
Chilean flog. - ? - - . ¦ . : . :
.V United States civil service exami
. nation is announced to be held in this
•rity on April 13 for the position of rail
way mail clerk, age limit 18 to 35 years
Apply to United States Civil Service
Commission. Washington. D. C, or to
the secretary Consolidated Board Civil
Service Examiners, 201 Jackson street,
for application form 304.
Rail way Mall Clerks Wanted
TO SAII.,.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.] Pier.
January 8. j
Xoyo....:.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Sequoia.... Greys Harbor..... 4 pm Pier 2d
Czaiina.... Coos nay Pier 8
Spokane. . . . H umbcldt • • 1 '¦'•iO p VI -c ".i
Boi.lta Newpcrt & Way.. O am Pier'11
Cf!iu-.:.bi;i. . . Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm|Pier 10
. January 9. ¦ 'I '
Jaqua... ... j Humboldt 2 pm Pier • 2
Centralia... 'irays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
San Pedro. . Humboldt . 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt ;.. ft am Pier IS
Pt. Arena.. I*t. Anna *. Mdcno 4 pmjPier 2
Kllrateth.. Coquille River |Pier 20
Peiu. ...... N. y. vitt, Panama. |12 m Pier 40
Alameda.*.. Honolulu .,.. .....jll am Pier 7
January 10. I *
Arrata Coos H-Pt. Orford 110 am Pier 1.1
S. Rosa San Diego & Way.) t» aralPler 11
Jantittry 11. I I
Queen I'uget Sound Porta.lll amjPier . 9
Pcmona Humboldt ...... ...|l:30 p|Pler..»
. .Tannary 13. I
W. Kruger. I-os Angeles Ports. | 4 pm| Pier 2
CooslJny... San Pedro & Way.l » amlpler 11
Korth Fork Humboldt ........ | 5 pm|Pler 20
. January 13. | I
<LW. Elder Astoria ,& , Portlandill am|Pler 24
, -* ¦ January - 14. ! .
Pomo Pt. A-r»na. tz Albion 6 pmlPler 5
StateCal.. San Diego & Way. 9 amlPier It
Centennial. Seattle ft Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 20
Rainier Seattlo & Whatcom 4 pm Pier ] A
Chlco..:... Coquille IUver .... 6 pm Pier ' 2
January 15. .
Coptic^..... China. & Japan....! 1 pm Pier 40
Serbia.. Hamburg & Way.l 2, pm Pier 19
January 16. I I - :
San Juan.. N. Y. via Panama. 1 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier »
Rival...... Willapa Harbor . -I 4 pm Pier 2
¦ January 18. \ . \ ,
Nevadan..; Hono. : & Kahului. | 2 pm|Pier 25
FROM SEATTLE. .
Steamer. FoK " 1 Sailtr
Valencia..^... Skagway& Way Ports.lJan. 8
Dolphin...:.. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. -9.
Eertha........ Cooks Inlet &. Way Pti. Jan.' 10
Al-Kl........ Skagway ft Way Ports. Jan. 10
Cottage City. . Skagway & "Way Ports. Jan. 15
Santa Ana..;- Cooks Intat & Way Pts. Jan. 16
Quan Jee and Quan Jim, Chinese,
'ere arrested yesterday morning- at
Washington and Duaont streets while
fighting: by Policeman Douglass and
v.ere booked at the City Prison on a
• harjre of disturbing: the peace. Quan
•Tee said he was a farmer from Lk>s
.Angeles County and had embraced
Christianity. It was a custom of the
Qusn family that each, one bearing
the name .-tnd visitinjr the city should
pay 55 to the family fund before leav
injr. He objected to pay the amount,
as he did not believe in the custom,
and Quan Jim had been deputed to
beat hSm.
Opposes Chinese Custom.
To Manila — 3000 crts potatoes 81 pkgs Gro
ceries and provisions. 1250 lbs salt 1000 cs
canned meats. 8 pkg« machinery. S cs electrical
supplies. 36 cs typewriters and parts 8 cs
boots and shoes, 3 pkgs harness. , '
To East Indies — 2650 lbs dried fruit, 240 lbs
raisins,- 270 lbs nuts, 518 c.i salmon - 250 cs
canned goods. 225 lbs ham and bacon. li)3 gals
1 cs wine. 18 cs table preparations, 5 cs soap
2 cb :satber. 1 os dry goods. .
To Siam — 21 cs canned goods.
The steRmer Siberia sailed yesterday for
IlotiRkonB via Honolulu uml Yokohama with a
general merchandise cargo valued at ?356,(ill.
exclusive of treasure, to be distributed as fol
lows: For Honolulu, 15170; Japan, $1«5 107-
China, $l«5,005: Manila. $111,870; Bast Indies.
$:;fitr>; Siam, ?42. The leading exports were as
follows;
To Honolulu-j-00 casks beer. 42 pkgs elevator
material, S pkgs electrical supplies. 12 c.i drugs,
S rs dry goods, 4 cs paints, 2 pkgs cigars.
To Jnran— 10W bb!s flour, 1025 lbs lard, 61
pkg* table' preparations, 3050 lbs codn6h, 953
lbs cheese. JWi lbs ham and bacon, 3600 lbs
raisins. « <s salmon. 122.1 lbs butler. 2 cs wine,
2M; cs canned gcods. 1844 lbs meals. 2*2 pUgH
groceries and provisions. 2KJ5 lbs sugar 8000
lbs salt. 50 ch whisky, 136.1 bales cotton I.SIS.
177 lira nitrate ot soda, M41 lbs dried fruit.
10* pkgs paste, 100 bbls beef, 21 pkgs /fresh
fruit, 12(M» lbs candy, SCI lbs nut*, 15 pks»
dnigR, 300 bxs soap, 22 pkgn machinery, 14»
rolle 13 ci leather. 12.500 gals alcohol, 21.112
lbs sheet lead, 1CS.150 lbs pig lead, 9 pkgs
electrical supplies. 2 cs dry goods. 8 pkgs agri
cultural implements, 9 c« boots -and shoes. 50
risks qulcksll.'rr. 49 pkgs bicycles and sundries,
6r« steel, 7 pkgs pipe nttlngs.
To China — 17,575 bbls Hour, 115 pkgs fresh
fruits. 2200 lbs drl«»d fruit, 639 cs canned goods,
7923 ;ba beans, 19S0 Ion cheese, 70 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 22C0 lbs codfish. 1000 lbs
pea*, 5504 lbs ham and bacon, CO pkgs pota
toes, 1842 gals 1 cs wine, 70 "t» salmon, 120
casks beer. 4333 lbs ginseng-. 275 cs liquors, 48
cs whisky. 120 lbs lard, 250 lbs. 27 cs meals,
2O cs salad oil, 260 lbs raisins. 77 cs syrup,
K5 cs table preparations. 7000 lbs pearl barley,
336 lbs chocolate. 120 lbs butter. 20 crts onions,
20 ctlsi oat*. 20 bales hay, 2070 lbs yellow metal.
750 flsks qutclcsilver. 7 pkgs machinery, 2000
bxs soap. 338,090 lbs pig lead. 10 rolls 2 cs
leather. 23 cs drugs, 5 cs dry goods, 10 cs
boots and Khoe*.^
Merchandise for the Orient.
In discussing the matter Mr. Dan
forth paid: "The couple informed me
that they came down hpre on the morn
ing' train to be married. He was an
elderly man, but well preserved. The
woman appeared to be under the in
fluence of liquor. I asked her if she
had been married and she declared that
she had been, .but was divorced in
Woodland. She was unable to tell me
whether a year had passed and I In
formed her that she would have to get
4 certified copy of the decree before 1
would issue a marriage license. The
eouDle declared they would get the
record and return for the license."
Klink is pretty well known in Sacra
mento as the claimant of an estate
worth $25,000. The case is in court.
'Cupid" Danforth declined yesterday
to issue a marriage license to Christian
Klink of Sacramento, aged 81, and
Mary Titjiens, Sacramento, aped 33
years, because the latter was under the
influence of liquor and had no proof
of having been divorced for more than
a year. r .'
Because Bride Has Xo Record
of Her Divorce.
Request of Sacramento Couple Denied
MARRIAGE LICENSE
IS REFUSED THEM
TO ARRIVE. \
. Steamer. J From, j Due.
Nome City.... Portland ft Astoria.... Jan. 8
Elizabeth Coquille River Jan. 8
Sequoia... San . Pedro ! Jan. X
Arcatn.: Coos Bay ft Pt. Orford. Jan. 8
San .luan.... New York via Panama. iJan. .1
Newburg San Pedro |J«n. 8
Isqua Han Pedro ......Ian. i>
M. Dollar. ..." San Pedro Jan. S
Wyefleld Nanalmo .Jan. H
Centrnlla Hah Pedro Jan. »
Pomona Ilumboldt Jan. »
Coos Bay Han Pedro & Way- PorlS|Jan. M
North Fork..- Humboldt !.Ian. «
Tellus Oyster Harbor [.Ian. 1(>
Hero Oyster Harbor ........ .|Jim. 10
G. W. Elder.. Portland A Astoria |.lan. 1»
Serbia Seattle I.Jan. 10
Centennial S^attls &. Tacoma l.lan. 10
Chlco... Coquille River [Jan. 11
State of Cat.. SBn Diego & Way Pts.|Jan. 11
Scnoma Sydney & Way Ports. . .|.Ian. 11
RalnW .Seattle g- Whatcom |.lan. 11
Del Norte Crescent City .\ I.Tan. 11
N>vadpn Honolulu & Kahului. .. l.lan. 12
Kurelia Humboldt |.lan. 12
Ponio, Poijit Arena & Albion. l.lan. 12
I Uumboldt [.fan. 12
Alliance. . J'orUond &. Way Port«.|.Ian. 12
Colon. ........ New. York via Panamanian. i:t
'Hty J.'uebla... Pugct Sound Ports. . ..".Man. 1.1
Honita. Newport & Way Ports. Unn. 13
Santa. Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. I.Tan. 14
Point Arena.. Me.ndocino & Pt. Arena. .Tan._14
Rival.'. AVillapa >IIarbor ...... Jan. 14
.S. Monica...'. Grays Harbor .Ian. 14
Columbia...'.. Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 15
Mern. Hamburg & Way Pts. 'Jan. 15
R. Barbara... Seattle St Olympia . ...l.fnn. If".
Uni.-itillH j Puget Sound Ports. ... .I.Ian. 17
A. Mar i.i ''China. &. Japan (Jan. IS
The st<?oni»r T'matilla sailed on Wednesday
for Victoria with an assorted merchandise
< nrgo consigned to the port ot destination and
the principal JLSriti.«h Columbian ports, valued
at S5S77. and Includin? the following: «;H
pkgh fre«h (raits, 30 pkgs fresh vegetables,
1*5 cs mln»ral wat«r, CO gals wine, 3at$- lbs
butter, 4 pkg* paste, t) cs canned goods, 55)0.:
lbs coffee. 8 pkgs groceries and provision'', 11
bbls baking uowdcr. 84X1 lbs dried fi«h, 11,333
lbs malt. ISO pks* pickles, 16 pkgn machinery,
•i sheets steel, H bsies builap, l.cs shoes, 40S
l>ottl»» 2 cs drugs,. « cs arms and ammunition,
S pkirs dry goods, 1 pkg leather, 4 pkgs elec
trical supplies, 1 e>* oil.
Exports for the Xorth.
The ship A. .T. Fuller Is chartered for lumber
from Puget Sound to Sydney at 30s; if from
Uritlsh Columbia :!1« 3d.
The bark Andrew Welch returns to Hono
lulu with gfneral cargo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.'
The steamer .lames Dollar, which sailed yw
terda.v for Seattle, in in oommlswlon^aft^r be
ins laid lip for ft couple of weeks. During
this time the coaster underwent a thorough
overhauling. The James Dollar was fornvrly
known as the J. S. Klmball and Is one of the
sturdim of the coasting fleet.
Ilns Been Overhauled.
Captain Johnson of the rteamer Noyo. which
arrived Wednesday from Everett, reports that
whin off the Klamath River he passed the
top of a vessel's cabin. The wreckage was
painted lfad color. It is thought It was part
of inn Mary Buhne, recently run
down and «unk bv the steamer Del Norte.
Heports Passing Wreckage.
Movements of Steamers.
The. Time l»a!l on the tower of the Ferry
building v us dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. .e . at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
»
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.;',>Mir
chsnts' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 7. 1904. -.
Time Ball.
The British fihip Kails of Halladale. bound
from Liverpool for this port, has lust left
lnvercargill. New Zealand, whtre she out In
s-omo time ago for ntor<?s ami temporary re
pairs. From Liverpool to Invercarglll she en
countered an almost continuous round of gales
and whb considerably the wor*» for wear wheii
she reached the New Zealand port.
Puts Into Xcw 7iCnland Port.
Rredan was advanced to 00 per cent, and the
Paris, an equaliv forlorn hope, hag been
mark>d up to S5 per cent. The Franc.sco
Glvs o ppe I. l,h Fcnlalne, Jeanne Cordonnler
anu Martaban art all quoted ot 10 per cent.
»
FRIDAY. JANUARY 8.
Sun rises ,...7:2«
Sun sets 5:07
Moon rises 11:41 p. m.
O Time Tlmel |Time Time
£ ! Ft. Ft. I Ft. Ft.
? H W L W |H W , L W
S 3:53 r..4 0:45 2.2 3:42 4.3 9:42 O.i)
n 4:40 B.6 10:58 l.l) B:00 4.0 10:42 1.5
10 5:33 ft.C 12:08 1.6 0:26 3.S 11:14 2.1
11 C:25 5.71 1:10 0.9 7:47 3.7
L W |H W (L W H W
f2 0:42 2.51 f:17 5.R 2:14 0.4 9:C0 4.0
13 I 1:32 2.7| S:03 S.8I 3:07 0.0'iO:00 4.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there ore but three tides, as
sometimes occurs .. The heights, given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, ¦except when a minus ( — )
slirn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given b.v
the chart*. The plane of reference is the m. .n
of the lower low waters.
STEAMSHIP JAMES DOLLAR,
WHICH WAS FORMERLY
THE J. S. KIZ.IBALL.
Rescuers Spoil Suicide Scheme.
-Tohn Cleary. ¦ painter, who llvf^s at 601
Seventh street, filled his pockets with bowlders
yesterday morning and .lumped into tha bay
from Pacific-street wharf. A. Swanberg. a
stevedore, followed him on rescue bent. Cleary
grabbed Swanberg around the neck and was
slowly drowning: him when J»rry O'Connell.
also a. st«vedore, plunged -Jnto the chilly
waters and swam to the scene of action. A
hard (smash from O'Connell's right landed on
the paint»T'« jaw. Cleary releas»d Swanberg
and In fplte of •>!« bowlder ballast swam
speedily toward one of. the ropes thrown by
other rescuers from the wharf. Rescuers and
would-be suicide were hauled ashore. Cleary
was taken to the Harbor Hospital, where he
was allowed to ulecp ofr the effects of a drink
ing bout while his clothes dried.
Kobe— Miws M. M. Cook. Miss A. E. Garvin
Rpv. .T. C. C. Newton, Mr*. 3. C C. New ton
M«m Ruth Newton, .1. Bhea, T. TJyeda.
SharRhai— Rev. F. L* Hawks-Pott. D.D..
Mif. F I-. Hawks-Pott. Mi»« Olivo Hawk*-
Pott Master Walter Jlawks-Pott. Rev. A. S.
ll*n'n. Mrs. F. 1^. Rich. Mirs Johnni* Sanflcrs>.
Honekong— T. W. Allen. Mrs. T. W. Allen,
E P Boyd. Mrs. E. P. Boyd and Infant. J.
a! Br!»n. 'Mrs. Tom Brown. Ilev. F. W. I>avls.
Mm. F. "W. Davl» and Infant, Asa Fisher,
Kcll'and Gardner. Captain Lionel .lame? nnd
Fer\ar.t, Mrs. T. H. I>ovejoy, Mrs. I,. D. Miner,
R«v J M. HontanT. 1^. G. Relnbur»r. Rev, R.
B ROB«lte". Mrs. S. B. Ko*slt»r, Miss A. K.
Rossitfcr. MJern F. Ros^ltor. H. H. Stanley. W.
H Taylor. E. W. Tilden. F. W. WakenelJ,
Mr? F. W. • Wakefleld. I. Sheldon-Williams.
! To Join at Honolulu— A. F.. R»id, W. B.
i Whit*. Mri. W. B. White.
Among the liners passengers were
several newly wedded couples, whose
departure was made the occasion for
lavish floral display and the scattering
of much rice! The wharf was crowded
with friends of the people that thronged
the Siberia's decks and resembled an
animated flower bed when the big
steamship pulled away from her berth.
The passengers Included tourists, com
mercial travelers, missionaries and Asi
atics, and on the wharf their friends
made up a larger but equally varied
throng. *
The Siberia carried about 7000 tons
of freight, which Included a large ship
ment of lead and 700 tons of niter con
signed to Japan and possible elements
in the making of history should the
little brown man really tackle the bear.
The liner's passengers 201
Chinese, of whom four were deported,
and the following named:
( For Honolulu— W. F. Allen, Mrs. W. F.
Allen, Mies M. J. Allfn. Mil's .1. Anderson.
Mrs. J. B. Atherton, Mf«s Kate Atherton. W.
H. Balrd. Mrs. F. K. Breed. Captain H. M.
Benson. Miss M. Benson, J. Vv\ Brewster, Mrs.
F. Carty and child. J. C. Coppage, Miss E. M-
Orosett, John Ena. Mrs. John Kna. Miss Flax
; man. A. H. Fleming, Mrs. A. H. Fleming, Miss
Marjorle Fleming, Miss Katherlne Gardner,
Judge G. V. Gear. Miss A. K. Grozelier, T. A.
HayK, F. Ij. Hadley. Dr. .lennfe Hlldebrand.
Southard Hoffman, Mrs. M. Holmes', R. S.
Ho*ruer, Mrs. G. H. Hosmer. Dr. F. Howard
Humphries. Mrs. F. H. Humphries,' F. • M.
j/v.ls, Kobert l-ev.-is,- W. V. I^yon, Mrs. M.
AJ MJdfn s>nd two children. U. Macintosh.
Mrs. <S. Macintosh.' Miss M. Mackle, J. Mavs
den. Miss M. Mather, Miss Rose Muller, Miss
M. I.. McCormick, Dr. Kathcrine McKay. Mrs.
(5 F. McL^cd, Mrs. H. P, Nadeau. II. P. Na
«1eau, F. D. Nelson. »\ O'Brien, M. M.
O'Shaughnesny. E. E. Paxton. A. Haas, Mir.
W. T. Rawlln*. K. T. Slmiwon, Mrs. E. T.
Simpson ard two children. B. O. Spra«fu*>. Mrs.
B. O. Sprague. W. M. Speyer. 11. I). Smith,
E. Tschuml. P. W. White, Mrc P. W. White.
U. F. White, Perclval White, E. A. Wlnship.
Mn>. E. A. Wlnship.
Yokohama — V. Abe, Howard Ayres. R. 1,.
Dunn T. Funemlza. J. H. Hare, C lilies .Tr.,
Mrs. 'C. lilies Jr.. F. H. Jermyn, T,leutfnant
H. G. Ix.oi>old. Jack Jondcn. M. Matsenaml,
S. T. Matsumoto. Mrs. Carroll Miller. J. Okur
mura, V. Phillips. E. C. Srmrpe. Mrs. E. O
Sharp'. Claude H. Erdlth, Miss M. Upperman
Carroll Miller. *; \ >•
The Pacific Mail Company's liner Si
beria, Captain J. Tremains Smith, deep
ly laden with freight and carrying
many passengers, sailed yesterday for
the Orient. She left the Pacific Mail
wharf ahout 2:20 o'clock, but did not
leave the harbor until early this morn
ing:, havinp anchored off Meiggs wharf
to await the arrival of The Call-Her
ald war correspondent, whose train
was behind time, and then beinK com
pelled to wait still longer for the tide
to turn.
~. • Sailed Jan 7 — Stmr Cymric, "for Queens
town; stmr Sicilian, from Glasgow, for Phila
delphia. . \
. HAVRE— Arrived Jan 7— Stmr La Touraine,
from New .York. • .
LONDON— Sailed Jan S— Stmr Minaetonka,
for New York." k ¦
> GLASGOW — Sailed " Jan 7 — Stmr, Carthagi
nian. - for St' Johns. N- K. ¦
GENOA — Sailed Jart 7 — Stmr Lombardia. for
New York: /stmr Princess Irene, "^tor New
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 7 — Stmr Bovlc. for
Liverpool. -
Arrived Jan '7 — Stmr Vaderland. from Ant
werp. ¦ - ' ¦ .
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan 7— Stmr Teu
tonic, from' Liverpool, for New York; stmr
Frlesland, from. Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 7— Stmr Sxxonia,
from Boston.
Arrived • Jan 7 — Stmr Cedric; from New
York. ¦¦--..:.-."•¦: ...-'.-'.
ocean; steamers.
ANTWERP— Arrived ' Jan 6— Fr bark
Duchess del Berry, hence Aug 25.
LONDON — Arrived Jan 6— Br bark Gras
mere. from Eureka.
PERIM — Passed Jan 6 — Br stmr Mogul, from
New York, for Manila.
SWANSEA— Sailed Jan 6— Fr bark. Marls
llollno* for San. Francisco.
. IPSWICH— Arrived Jan 5— Fr bark Francois,
hence Auk 9." ' • 1
MALTA — Arrived Jan 6-7-Br stmr Indra
wadl. from New York, for Manila, .
MOJI — Passed Jan 3 — Br stmr Indrasamha,
from - HonRkonsr. . for Oregon.
- Arrived Jan ¦ 6 — Schr J. H. Lunsmann. from
Tslntau.
HONGKONG — Arrived Jan 6 — Br stmr Ara
rat, from New York. .
ACAPULCO— Sailed Jan 3— Stmr. Barracouta.
for - Panama. Jan 6— Stmr Colon, for San
Francisco. '¦ • -
DANDON — Arrived Jan 7— Stmr Chlco. hence
Jan '4. .
TACOMA— Arrived .>*n 7— Stmr Edith, hence
Jan 2; schr Transit, hence Dec 20.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 7— Schr John
G North, from Lahalna.
Sailed Jan 7— Schr Geo TV. Watson, for San
Francisco <
WESTPORT— Sailed Jan 7— Stmr Fulton, for
San Francisco.
EALLARD — Arrived , Jan 6— Schr Columbia,
from San Pedro. t
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Jan 7— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Jan 0.
Arrived Jan 7— Stmr National City, hence
Jan 0.
ALCATRAZ LANDING— Arrived Jan 6—
Stmr Rosecrans. from Astoria.
PORT TOWNSJEND — Arrived Jan 7— Schr
Soquel. hence Dec 29.
TATOOSH — Passed in" Jan 7 — Stmr Jeanie,
ffom Dutch Harbor, for Seattle.
EUP.EKA— Sailed Jan 7— Schr Mary Dodge,
for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
MA KAWELI— Sailed Jan 6— Ital ship Agos
tlno Terrirano. < -
HONOLULU— Sailed Jan 7— Stmr Sierra, for
Sydney. • . . • ,
Arrived Jan 7 — Br ship Netherby, from Lon
don; ship I F Chapman, from Newcastle, Aus.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS
REDONDO— Sailed Jan 7— Stmr Newburg,
for San Francisco.
Arrived and' sailed Jan 7 — Stmr Geo Loo
mis, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 7— Stmr Centennial,
for San Francisco.
FORT LUDLOW— Arrived Jan 7— Br ship
Fleur de Lts. from Port Blakelcy.
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan (J— Stmr Francis 11.
Leggett. for. San Francisco.
Hailed Jan 7 — Schr Virginia, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Jan 7— Schr Daunt
less, from Grays Harbor; schr Uangor. from
Port Ludlow; stmr Coos Bay. hence Jan 4.
Sailed Jan 7 — Stmr Coos Bay. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Pasadena, for Eureka: stmr Alca
traz. for San Francisco: schr Susie M Plum
mer, for Tacoma; stmr San Gabriel, for Ump
qua. •
Arrived Jan 7 — Bktn John C Meyer, from
Everett; bktn Retriever, from Port Hadlock.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Jan 7— Schr
Balnbridge. for San Pedro.
Arrived Jan 7 — Bktn John Palmer, from
Port Ludlow.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 7. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE. velocity 14 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Thursday. January 7.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, for San
Diego.
Stmr Maggie. Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
htmr Curacao, Paulsen. Guaymas. ¦ ¦
Stmr W H Kruger. Ahlin. Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Johnson. Point Arena.
Stmr Whitesboro Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Chehalls, Martin, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Montara. Rellly. Seattle.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson. Bowens Landing.
Stmr James Dollar. Thwlng. 8eattle. .
Stmr Porno. AVInkel, Albion River.
Stmr Greenwood. Johnson. Albion.
Stmr O C Lindauer. Allen. Grays Harbor.
Schr North Bend, Jackson. Coos Bay.
SAILED.
Stmr Bedondo, Krog. 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr W. H. Kxuger. Ahlin. 43 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Point .Arena,, Hansen. ,14 hours from
Mendocinq.
Stmr Queen. Cousins. 54 hours, from Vic
toria.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 41 hours from
San Ulecu and way ports.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24" hours from Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar, Johnson, 38 hours from Port
Los Angeles. . /
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 42 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr San Pedro, Petersen, 25 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Newsboy. Adler. 30 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 24 hours from Monte
rey, etc. .
Stmr Maggie, Corning. 3Vi hours from Half
moon Bay.
Schr Nokomfs, Hansen. 18 days from Port
Gamble; up river direct.
Schr Berwick. Olsen. 5 days from Coquille
River.
Schr Ida A. Campbell. 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen. 10 hours from
Fort Ross.
CLEARED.
Thursday, January 7.
Stmr Curacao. Paulsen, Guaymas; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Bonlta. Olelow. . San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Xav Co.
' Stmr Oregonlan, Carty. Honolulu. Seattle
and Tacoma; Williams, Dimond & Co.
Stmr Siberia. Smith. Honolulu. Yokohama
and Hongkong; Pacific Mall Steamship Co.
Fr bark Bossuet. Laroque. Melbourne; Roth.
Blum & Co.
First-class tickets between San Francisco and
I-.OS Angeles, either direction) including: stop and
two days' entertainment at famous Hotel del
Monte, only $22; children, (U&». Privilege of
30 days' stopover. Bathing:., boating, ashing.
riding, automoblllnK, golfing, etc. Scenery
beautiful and grand. Ask Southern Pacific
ticket agent. *
Two Days at Hotel Del Monte.
I am perfectly satiEfi°d that I ran now dredge
«he amount each month as called for under the
contract. The member* of the California dele
jrst'.cn in Congress have taken this matter up
?or me. There Is not the slightest word to be
*sid against the riant which I have built. I
fca\e invc5ted a very large fum of money to
carry out this contract and I feel sure that
the Government will ireat me fairly and grant
me ati extension of time.
I p'U in a serial plant at a cost of more
tr-.pn *15»».OOO. I had a new tiredgrr built and
x'rr. four big barges of large capacity. My
payroll has Kone on for nearly one year, and
we have dredged about 200.0C0 cubic yards of
cilt end dumped it. Of course 1 have not been
fb> to live tip to the exact terms of my con
tract as to the amount of work to be done.
That was due to *tortn*. the tli le required to
K't my plant built and the short time we could
work in dumping en the shore at low tide.
I have invested more than $200,000 In this
work and 1 am fully prepared to go on with it
K the Secretary of War will grant me an allow
ance of preparatory time.
CCRBENTS CAUSE TROUBLE.
Th*> tide* and currents have, however, flllrd
atp that uart of th» bsy and I found only a.
ticnth of three t<> four fe?t of water at low
ti<>. That naturally rhortened our time of
oumpirg fiom the barges and we could not
work the big: dredger as long as I expected.
I an? now preparir.z my case to lay before
the Secretary of Wsr. The whole trouble In
thr rr?tter i* that I have been misled by the
Government charts of Sen I'ablo Bay. On the
Fou'.h fhore of the bay. where the dredged sand
and siit roust be, ciumprd. the charts showed
that there was a d»pth cf cix feel of ivatcr
st low tide.
"The Government will probably call
for new bids." said Colonel Heuer, "'and
ihe surety companies who are on Ax
man's bond may be called upon to pay
the difference between the figures of
his contract and any excess that the
Government may be called upon to pay
on a new contract, recovering up to
the amount of the 530,000 bond."
Contractor Axman was asked yester
day as to what he purposed to do in
the matter and he made the following
statement:
Colonel Heuer said yesterday that he
ha<] no alternative in the matter and
that he was simply obeying the law in
recommending that the contract of Ax
man be canceled.
Contractor Rudolf Axman. who suc
« <*sstully destroyed Arch and Shag
rocks for the Government, is having a
;r«?at deal of trouble with his latest en
terprise of deepening the channel of
San Pablo Bay and all on account of
» he shifting tides and currents.
Axman secured a contract from the
War Department more than one year
.-4go to dredge the channel of San
Pablo Bay. his bid being 11 45-100 cents
ppr xubic yard. The quantity of sand
and sxavel* to be dredped was estima
led at 2.721,000 cubic yards. The speci
fications of the contract called for a
•'hannel COO feet wide on the bottom,
with a length of 27.OCW feet and a depth
of SO feet at. mean low tide.
The excavated oarth was required to
be dumped on the south shore of the
hay behind bulkheads to be erected by
rhe contractor. The contract further
stipulated that not less than 100,000
•mbic yards r>*r month should be
dredged from the shoal and dumped at
thf specified points.
The shoal in San Pablo Bay is five
miles long and extends from Pinole
Point to Lone Tree Point and the
• hannel was to be dredged through the
middle of the shoal.
PLANT A COSTLY ONE.
Contractor Axman, after securing the
contract, expended more than 5150,000
for the necessary plant. For the last
H^ven months Axman and his men
have worked hard, but they have not
satisfied the army engineers who have
supervision of the work and he was
• >rdered to suspend operations the day
hefore Christmas.
Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Heuer of
i he engineer corps, in charge of the
liver and harbor works on this coast.
has notified the Secretary of "War that
Axman has failed to live up to his
<ontra«t and has recommended that it
be canceled.
George E. Smith, aged 35 years, was
seriously injured. None of the passen
gers was badly burned.
The crowded passenger train
crashed into a train of empty ear?,
telescoping the rear car of the latter,
in which were the trainmen.
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— Three train
men were kihed to-day by a collision
of two trains on the Brooklyn Ele
vated railroad. One of the victims
¦was hurled from the structure to the
street, and nearly every bone In his
body was broken, while another had
his head crushed between the. bumper
of^he engine, which, was rammed by
a motor train and the front car .of
the one drawn by steam power.
Simultaneously with the collision a
fire was started by the coals from the
locomotive, and this added ti> the
panic of the passengers, who fought
desperately to escape from the
wrecked cars. The dead, all of whom
were employed on the railroad, are:
GEORGE GILG, yardmaster.
JAMES O'BRIEN, car coupler.
WILLIAM H. FERGUSON, fore
man.
Passengers Fight Desperately
to Escape From the Cars and
One of Them Is Badlv Hurt
Urge Sum of Money Will Be
Lost if Government Decides
011 Cancellation of Contract
WRECKAGE" CATCHES EIRE
APPEALS FOR MORE TIME
Tide's Upset Calculations of
Contractor Axiuan 011 Opera
tions in the Sim Pablo Bay
Two Trains on the Brooklyn
Elevated Railroad Meet With
a Crash, Killing: Employes
Pacific Mail Company's Big Liner Carries More Than 7000, Tons
of Freight, Which Includes Big Shipment of Lead and a
Heavy Consignment of Niter for the Japanese Government
DREDGING WORK
IS SUSPENDED
SIBERIA DEPARTS FOR THE FAR EAST
WITH LARGE NUMBER OF PASSENGERS
THREE PERISH
IN COLLISION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL- , FRIDAY, JANUARY S. 190*.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mi^ mmm^^ ' s brought to perfec-
f~ • tion ia good Kcdak
f >. Uevelopinj: andPrint-
\ _««—. r*j \\ ln £- That's where I
( iBfSr * r -v. < — \ c ° me in — i>m an rx '
J-^^fer^ I pert at thls wcrk - Jlv
jLr^-KL I prices are the lowest
\F/\ f j\ ( cf anybody In the
7 I \ V »'• - I business and my work
/J will «and every text.
f "% j DEVELOPING.
J . )' Jt 4^ Ro11 of six - 1O «
y /) Roll cf twelve... 15c
\ / S PRINTING.
f J _^s^ Solio finish. 3c to Re
l\ J Velm flnish.3c to tic
W Orders by Mall
.* / Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
The Stationer.
1006 MARKET ST., Above Powell.
San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
e Steamers -leave Saa Fran-
cisco us follows:
For Ketrhlkan, Wrancet,
Juneau, Haines. M\a»ua.v.
rje, Alaska — 11 a. m.'.' Jan.
S. 6, 11. 10. 21. 26. Ul. Feb
i. Chance to company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
come. Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Jan. 2. <1.
11, 1(>. 21. 2ti. 31. Feb. 5. Chance at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. t:*>*
p. m.. Jan. ft, 11. 17. 23. 29. Feb. 4; Corona.
1:SO p. m.. Jan. 2. 8. 14. 20. 26. Feb. 1.
For Lcs Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
ftat- of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Aneeles (via San Pedro and East
Ean Pfdroj. Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Kueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Jan. 4. 12. 20. 23. Feb. 3.
Ronlta, 9 a. m.. Jan. 8, 16, 24. Feb. 1.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jo«s de!
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par, Panta R?-
ralla. Guaymas (Msi.), 10 a. >m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or salt'
TICKET OrPICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hutel). 10 Market street and
Brcadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
o. '¦#?."?* /v, co.
-Columbia" tails Jan. 8, IS. 23. Feb. 7.
17. .27 anJ Marrh ». *'George W. El-
der" saila Jan. 3, 13, 23. Feb. 2. 12. 22 and
March 4. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR.. and£hoit rail line from Portland to alt
points East. Through tickets to ell points. »'!
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
meals. Steamer -alls foot of Spear st.. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pkss. Dept.. I
Montgomery at.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery at.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Stean ers will leave wharf, corner Fir^t an-i
Brannan streets, at t ; p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hlogo), Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong with «teamer« for India, etc. No carga
received on board on day of sailing.
3. S. AMERICA MARU
Monday, January 20. 1804
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday, February 17. 1904
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. March 15. 190.1
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For frelarht and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
TV. H. AVERT. General Anent.
Qeeanics.s.eo. gjssff.ias
q S ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Jan. 9. 11 a. m.
s' S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
'lan'd and Sydney, Thursday. Jan. 21, 8 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu, Feb. 11, 1904,
iijnnms * bhs.w., i jix-.tjcw ¦rce.Gjj iiiita
IntyHtfiaUl fiartsl SL.Pfcf It. J, haft IL
COMPAOSIE eZHZKALB TRAN8ATI.ANTiatJ^.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ..jMiWe*
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <VWji»>
Saturday, at 10 a. ro.. frcm Pier 42. 7***.^
North River, foot of Morton street. .
First class to Havre. *70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AXD
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
Kew York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. PaciRc Coast
Ag'nts. 5 Montgomery, avenue. San Francisco.
Tickers gold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Kara Island aad Vallejo Steamers.
" Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9MS a. m., :t:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
•Sunday. 1»:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. I.*are Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
flay, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 60 cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier S. Uisslcn-st.. dock. HATCH
BROS.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE • .
SAN FRANCI&bO ANj NuRTH PACIFIC
KAIL WAY COMPAJTY.
Tlburon I"erry. root ot Harket Str««t.
SAir r»ANCisco to saw batasl.
AVEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:00 ll:0O a. m. ; 12:3*.
8:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. rn. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 rf.O and 1 1 "30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30 5:00 6:20. ll:.*50 p. m.
SAN BAFAEL TO SAN *FK AW CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6.05. ":*«. 7:50. »:20. 11:13
a. m.: 12:5O »:40. 6:00. B:2O p. m.
Saturday^ — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS?— 8:00. 9:40. 11:1ft a. m.; 1:40. 3A9.
4:55. 5:CC. 6:25 p. nrt.
Leave ~j In~Effect J Arrive
San Francisco. [ Sept. 27. 1803. |San Francisco
"Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. \ days. | Days.
7:30a 8:00a ~~ 0:10a 8:40a
9:30 a Ijnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:30p 3:30 p «:05p 8:20 p
5:00 p 7:35 p
'7 -30 a H-.lOa ":40 a
8:C0a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:.t0p 9:30 a Petaluma A:Oft p 6:20 p
6:10 p ::-.:iOp - and 7:35 p
B:00p Santa Rosa. ,
7:30 a , 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:OOa Fulton. 7:35 p «:2o p
3:30 p 3:30 p^
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 8:30p Geyservllle. 7:35 p «:20 p
Cloverdals.
7:30 a I S:00a| Hopland. 110:40 a[l0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah_J_7 :35jp|_6^20j>
"7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllts. I 7~35 p| 6:20~p
7:30 al 8:00 al " 110:40 at 10:20 a
S:3Qp| 3;.10p| Guemevllle. | 7:.*t5p[ «>:2Q p
~7:-10 a I 8:00 a I Sonoma. I 9:10 a) S:4(Ta
5:10 p| 8:00 pi Glen Ellen. t 6:05 j:| 6:20 p
"7:30 a I 8:00 al lloTo a|10:20a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Bebaitopol. |7:Mp| < : ?o p
STAGES connect at Green Bra* for San
Qucntln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark \Ve.«t
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at Gey
arrvllle for Skaggs Springs; at C!ovrrdal« tor
the Geysers. BoonevIUe and Greenwood- ¦»
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
KeUeyvtlK Carlsbad Spring. Soda Bay lake'
port and Bartlett Springs;. at Uklah for Vlehr
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes Laur/i
Dell Lake. Witter Springs I/pp. p Lake*. p om "'
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside ' LlerlW
Bucknell's Sarih-drin Heights. Hullville Orr'i
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche.' Camn
Etevens. Hooklns. Mendoclno City Fort Bri^V
Westport., tJsal: at Wllllts tor' Fort Brae-
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Lavton
vllle. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs Harris 01-
»en'a. Dyer, Garbmille. Pepperwcod Scotia
and Eureka., ' 7™"*
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at r«i
duced rates. V ..
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates
Ticket offices. 630 Market striet. ChronlcL
ttulldin*;.
H. C. -WHITING. R. X RTAX.
Cen. Manager. Cen. Pass. A»t«'
BAIL WAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CmCACO 1 $
LEAVES DAILY 3
at :>:::<> a. re., t^rongrb In ;: days. Jf
with, diner and all trappings. ||
Other Santa re Trains:
7:10 a. m. j for c t ockton. Fresno. BakersU«l«.
»:.!(> a. m. > Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
S:00 p. ro. J
4:<xTp. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon an*
I Chicago.
T2CX2T OITICE — 641 Starkat SU and
I Perry Depot. S. P. Al«o 1112 Broaa-
j way. Oakland. Ca4. 27 Sonta Plrrt'
; St^ San Joaa. .
: SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains lei»»«»i*i»il »r*> Him tt»»rri»»»*
! >AN FICANflHCO.
; fM»!a Line. r«xit of MarXet Street >
' V«»^» -^~rw"»JirP"«t:«Ma«iti!9. 1'Jttt. — *«»t^j.
i * 7.00* v«caYlll<% ttiaier«-. Uauner 7.S5P
i 7.00* Benlcia. Su!>an. Elinfr«»ntl Sacrar
m-»nti» ••• 7-23'
7.30a Vullrjo. Napa, C«:ls:n;::>. Saata
Itosa. >f»rtluez, S»a Uamon B.Zjr
7.30* Klte». LIverinore. Tracy. L«thro[>.
Stootron 7-23r
1.00a Sh-»»t« Kxpr"«— (Via l)«vts),
Wllll»m» if«>r Itnrtlett Ssr!ug^>.
"Willows. trru:f>. t:e-l . UlaS.
1 Portl»u I. T*«-om». Seaitle -7.55^
8 00* />»rli«. U'oi)-llnnrt. Knights Ln:nl!Bg.
Marjivllie. OrovlUe 7.5»»
8 33a Port CtHtn. Martluex. Aatloch.
Pyron. "lr«rr. aioctctoa. New-
msn. Lo» iVin?>». M e n '1 o » •.
Armom. lUafoM. VI saila,
porter»ll!e 4^5^
S JO* PcirtCootn. Martinez. Tr«c-. Lath-
i TMf. Mo'letl*. Mereert. Kreino.
irnsiKn Junction. Hanford.
Vttatia. Psker«flel<i ..- 4.33F
1.33* Xilesi. S«ri ,lnr, LUermore. S'.^ck-
t«n.(»Mi:ti>u^ lone. Sacramento,
PHcer»i:ie. iUrytrlllc. Chlco.
i:«.i nintr -•• 4.25^
1.30* Ont-UIe. Chtne.e. .l»me»t«»n. So-
norrt. Tiiolnmne »ml Aneels * X-
3 00» Atlantic K*pr««s—Ogae»<n<iR««t. ll.ZS*
3.30* Ki<-hmond, Murtlnes «nd way
Stittlons ••••• 85SP
10 00* Tb« Orer'and Limited — ugden.
HciiTer. Omnbs, thlcago. ,5??.
1000* TaQ«J* •¦ •¦- »2.2a*
1000* Lo» An»el«« Pa««enger — Port
Coita. Martinez. Byron. Tmcy.
I.athrop. Stockton. Merced.
K.iTtiifiU'l. Krc*no. (io»her> Junc-
tion. Htnfnni. l.emoore. Vlsaila.
Bskemtte!U. Los An3«!e» 45?
/ 11.00m n«yw«rd. Nllesanrl Way Statloni. 329P
tV00»« S<cr»inentf»i:i»erStc»nier» tW.OOr
J30r B-i»te!», Winter*. Sacramento.
WiKvtl»!»"I. KnlKhii Lanulne.
\M(try.iTtl!c. OroTlllo «nd »»/._„.
ntstlon* 1 ?e"i
3.30r Hs»wanl.NllesandWiiv Stations., fair
330i* Port Cost*. MafttBar, Byron.
Trscy. I.sthrop. Modesto.
)I«rce>l, Fre«no and Way St»-
Hnm l>e»on<t Port Cost* 1" 25p
330p Msriliiez.Trarr.8tocIsron.Lwll... 10-25*
4 00p M»rUaez,S«nU.iinon.VnlleJo,Napa,
C»l!itogi». Santi^iCKsa 9 25*
4 OOP Nlles. Trw. Stockton, t.o.ll 4.2Sr
4.50P HaTwunt. XMcs. lrrlnglon. San) TB.oS*
Jusf. Mvrnnure > 111.55*.
BXOp The Owl Mmlteil— Sewin«a. Lo«
H»no». Memiota. Fresno. Tulare.
r.a^ersflewi. Lo* Aoselcs.
Golden Statfi Llmltea Sleeper,
Oatlanrl to I.os Angcle*, for Chi-
cago, via C. XI. I. *1* 8-55*
B.COr Port Coitn. Tracy. S;ocl£t"n 12-2ii*
to 50p lluwnnl. Nllrs and San Jose 7.2J4
fi CO" lltrwanl. Nt!esHnd Snn.)o«e 9j5*
6. 00p Kiorern Exprpn— OitUeu. l>eu»er.
Omalia. Sr. I.onU. C!itiv«;o an4
Kast. Tort f«.*m. Henicls. Sul-
»nn. F.Imlra. U:iti9. Sacratnpntm,
Kockltn. Anbiirn. Co! fax.
TrurWee. Itocn, Keno. Wads- •
worth, Wlnnemncca 5-23f
B.OOp Viiile.lo. dally*, -xrrpt S»nd»y » ....
7 03p Villejo, Sunday only ( /oar
7X0p hlrhmonrt. #»n P.iblo. Port Coils.
Marltnex sn"! A7»t S'«t!ons 11.25a
8X5r Oregon »* Ciilirornln Kxprem— S»c-
raitiesto. UaryaTtll*, Raiidtng,
Fortlnml. Vogirt Sou ml nnd E»it. 8-55*
9.10r UsyTrnnl. Klin and Saa Jose (Sub-
ilmw«lir» 11.55 »
COAST LINE tJarraw «au S ej.
(Koi't »t Mnrlcct Street) ¦
815* Nr«ar». OentcrTllle. Sna ./'>«<».
. .- feltna. Hoaluer Creefe. 8»nti
Cruz ami VT»y St»tlun» S-55*
t2.15P Netrsrt, CentrrTllle. S»3 .loii».
Kew Atm«il»n. Lot Gatcx.Tc'.too.
ISoalder Creefe. 3«nr» Crnx aad .•"*.-
Price!?*! W»y 8t«tlon» + 10 S"U
4.1SP Newarlc. SanJoie. LvaUato* and « tg.55 «
way itMinn* <t1055»
«9 30p llnnter» Train. Saturday only. Sun
Jose and Way Ststlom. R-.-tufn-
Iwg from Lo« Catos Snn'liiT only. VI 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ttcmSAN M:.\M;Im:o, l-u-.t ••: JtMrKet St. (SilpO
— t;:lS S:0O 11:uua.m. 1.00 3 00 615 rw
From OAKLAND. Koot »t l:ro»<lwi«T — tfi:UU t3:M
18:P3 K):H>>.it. 12 00 200 4.00 r.x.
COAST LINE <Uro.dt.aiig*>.
IW~ (inlrii nn'l fmrnnend S;reet*.) .
0.10a Saa .loioand Way Stations 630/
700* S*a Jose and Way Stat'on* G.39'
SCO* K«w Almitlea (Tues.. Frl.1.. only). 4.\Qr
(00* The Coaster — Srop« naiy Mia Jose.
Gllroy (Connection for Botlls-
ter). Fa'aro. Castrovllla (coa-
nectlon to and from Monterey
aad Pacific Grore), Salinas. Ssa
Ardo, Ptso Kndirs. Santa Mnr-
gsrlta. S«n Luis Oblspo, principal
stations thence Surf (eonnectloa
for Lompoc). principal jtattoa*
tbence Santa Bart>«ra,5an Bueaa-
Tenrnra, Sangu*. Los Angeles... 1JJ 4*frp"
9.00* S»n Jose. Tres Pino*. Xapltola.
SantaCrai.Paciacitrore.S&Itnas.
Sun l.ii!i ubltpo and Principal
"War Station* 4.18>
10-30* Sun Joie and Way Sutloni 1-20**
11-30* Santa Clara. Sail Jose, Los Gatos
anil Way SraNor.s 7.30p
1 30r San Joae and Way Station* '. tiit.
3-COp Del ilonte Kxpreaa— Sanra Clara.
Kan Jose. Hal Mon'e. Momterey.
Paclflc Grove (conuects at San;a
Clara for Santa Cruz, Tlontder
Creet nnd Narrow Gaage Points)
at Gilroy for Holl'star. Tres
Pinos. at Castroriue for Salinas. 12.1Si»
3-30p Tres Plnos "War Passenger 10-4Sa
4 30p f»n Jose and Way Stations +8. CO*
! 15 00** San Joae, (Tla. dan'* Cl«ra> Los
<iatos. aad Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sun. I it) -rS.OO*,
"ojOp SanJotenndPiincfpniirsrSuttAns j5 41*.
• IOp Santet Limited.— Kedwocd. Stn
Jose.G llro.r.Sallnss.Psso Koble*.
Ean Luis ob'ipo. Santa Barbara.
I.os Angeles. Dem'nr. El Paio.
K»ir Orleans. Kew yortc. Con-
nects at Pajnro for s«nt» Cms
and at Ca*rroT!;ie. for Pad 3c
Groxe and Way Station* 71"K
tt Mr San *iUteo,Rere«ford.Be!niont.Saa
«.«r!o», Rertweod. Fair Oalca.
Men'oParlt. Vs!« Alto tS 4*j
6 ZOp San Jor<! and WayStnttoas 833*
8 OCp Palo Alto aad Way Station* 10.15a
il.aOr Sxtitli san Francisco. M!llhrae. Bnr-
Itngame. San Mateo. Belmont.
San Carlo*. Hedvmxt. Fair Otic*.
Mrnlo Park, and Pa"o Alto S.49r
«11-30r Mayfleld, Jlonntain Vleir. Sunny- .
vale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
San Jose ¦••••- i!MSj
A for Morning. . Pfor Afternoon.
1 Snnday exeepted. I Sunday on:y.
a Sxtorda? only.
I Stop* »t at! station* on Sanday.
t~a>~Oniy train* stopping? at Va:enr>ts> St. setttlitKrtw
»reh:l(j A .Jl.,;:OOi.M., 11:30 a.m., 3:ajp.x.. 6:30 r.». i»
1:00 r.K.
l^p^^^SI TO SAN RAFAEL*
l£«)@^B R0SS VALLEY -
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
(ft^^^^sti^i^lSj via Sauaallto Terry.
Suburban Seivlce. Standard Uauge Klecinc— •
Depart from San Krandsco Dally — 7:0o. a:W»,
»-00 10:00. 11:CO a- m.. l-:-"O. 1:45. 3:)S. 4.14.
5:1.1' 6:15 7:0O 8:43. 10:'JO. 11:45 p. n>.
FHOM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:23 8:35. 7:40. S:35. 0:35. U:W a.
m.. 12:20. 1:43 2:33. 3:43. 4:»3. 5:43. 6:43.
8:45 10:20 p. m.
I KKOM MILL. VAIJ>ET TO SA>? FRAN*-
I CISCO — Dally — ft'45. 8:5R. 7:52. 8:5a. »:A3,
11:20 a. m. 12:33. 2:00. 3:15. 4:03. 4:03. «:u4.
7:05. »:CO. 1O:.*» p. n>.
. * THRODCH TRAINS.
8:00 a m. dall> — Cazadero and way stations.
»:) 3 p. m. week days (Saturdays executed)—
Tomales and way stations.
ft:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero aad way sta-
; tlons.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyea aad
! ¦wa.y *t«tlon«. • - •¦¦
I TICKKT OFFICE— C2« Market «t.
I FERHT — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
I Mt. Tamalpais Railway
I Leave . lit SjaaaU-o 1«tj \ r rive
SaaFrandsco f»*t ttUtt I* gr> San Fran dsc»
5ir,i;H : »¦ -Tisf;^
*Csnwt yjta tttft »g * Dry m xm^w O»»
£3" J W6 Majucst ST^(Nortli Shore Railroad
WTlwB } and Sa us auto FKxay. Foot Markac 3c
wezkly call7?i;oo peb yeab!Potatoes/ Onions and* Vegetables.
Prices of Salinas and Oregon Burbanks were
well maintained under light supplies and a
steady local demand. Receipts of river Bur
banks-.wera ; moderate ..and . there was ' more
steadiness In that '¦' description; ..as previously
noted. Desirable lots of -.Sweets were -well
cleaned up,' and what little .stock was carried
over from the preceding day ' was offering at
lower prices." | Onions were 1 firm ; at the pre
viously quoted rates. ." - ;
Receipts of Los Angeles vegetables, were
very light and prices of several kinds were
higher. String Beans. Tortiatoes and Egg
Plant were In demand for shipment and choice
lots cleaned up quickly at advanced rates. : A
box of natural growth Asparagus' came in from
the Sacramento River, the first of the season.
The box contained 25 pounds, and as the stock
was In' fine condition It met with prompt. sale
at 50c per pound. A consignment of "0 boxes
Mexican Tomatoes were received. They were
In "rather, poor condition and sold slowly at
75c«t$l p?r box. '¦--• -' -;. ;¦-..-•¦- ¦ ¦ ».- •.;-
' POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. • 60© '
80c per ctl;. Salinas. Burbanks: $1 25®1 40 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks. 00c©$l 10 per ctl: River
Reds" 50C60C per ptl; Garnet Chiles. Jiei 10
per ctl: Sweet- Potatoes, *l(J0@l 65 per- ctl. ¦'
ONIONS— $1 25®1 35 per ctl. -, .,
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3Q5c. per lb;
String Beans. 10® 15c per lb; Wax, a8 1 12V4c;
Tomatoes 'from .Los Angeles, $1@1 50 per box
or crate; Summer Squash' from- Los Angeles
J1SJ1 25 per'box: .Cabbage." 50c per ctl: Carrots,
'50c- p«t sack:"- Hothouse, Cucumbers, <1 60 p«r
doa; Garlic. 6tfSc per lb: Egg P"lant.' l&lfSOc per
lb: Dried peppers. C«8c. per -Ib for Stockton
and ll@12%c.for southern ;' Dried t5krs,MlVaC
per lb; Green Peppers, - 7@8c per lb; " . Mush
rooms," -12U025C per lb;. Marrowfat'and'Hub
bard Squash.! $10<pl2;per ton for round >lots
and per lb for sacked. ' '¦- *
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 7.— CATTLE— Receiots, 10.
000. Market slow. Good t6 prime steers.
$5 10tff5 65; noor to medium, - $3 50<$4 90
stockers and feeders, $2 35©4 25; cows, $2©
4 25: heUtrs, $2g4 75: canners, $232 40; bulls,
$2 25@4 55: calves, $3 50^7 25. •
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 40.000; to-morrow.
30.000: S^lOc higher. Mixed and butchers'.
$4 7565 OS; good to choice heavy. $4 05©
5 12»A: rough heavy. $4 65@4 90; light, S4 904*
4 05: bulk. $4 75®4 90> . • .
• SHEEP — Receipts. 16.000. Sheep, steady to
10c higher; lambs, steady to 10c higher. Good
to choice wethers. $4 lft@4 50; fair to mixed.
$3 2S€4: Western rteep, $3 6004 60; native
lambs. $4ff6 85; Western Iambs, $5 5O@6 30.
St. Loips Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 7. — Wool, steady. Medium
grades combing. 19©21c; light, fine, 15©17%c:
heavr. fine. I2©14 ftc; tub washed, 20@31c. ¦ •
NEW YORK, .Jan. 7. — Cotton closed steady
at a net Advance of 10© 14 points.
New York Cotton Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 7.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
Northern Wheat Market.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: -• - '-
CATTLE— Steers. RQOc: Cows and Heifers,
7©Sc: thin Cows. 4C 5c per lb.
CALVES — t«4!ic per !b (gross weight). •
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%64c; Ewes. • aV4«3V5c
per Ib ((trotis weight). ¦
' LAMBS — IH?5c per lb. , v
HOGS— Urt Hogs/ 140 to ISO lbs. 1 5Uc: over
ISO lbs.-Sc: 1 soft'-Hogi, 4%c:- sows, 20 per
cent off: Boars, SO percent off. and Stars. 40
per. cent off from above quotations. * *,-: . :¦
LTVESTOCK" MARKET.
Wholesale ratet* from slaughterers to dealers
art as follows:- -. ¦¦ .' ¦ .• .."¦-¦ - -*
- BEEF— «HS7i4c for Steers and 6$6Uc per
lb for Cows.- . - • i "¦-- ¦¦'¦ ' • . -•- ¦¦ "•
VEAL— Large. ' ««9c; small. 9910c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. SS«Hc: Ewes. 7£SVic
perlb. • - - •-¦-'¦,¦ s- -¦- ;-• .'¦'• -.
-LAMB— 9H«|10c per lb. i
PORK— Drejwed HhTs. 7«t8Uo per lb. .
There js nothing new to report under this
head. '
: DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
Some changes in Beans will .be observed,
generally in the direction of higher prices.
Llmas nnd small Whites are very firm, owing
to the dry. weather down south, but there is
no business. '¦- '¦' - .
BEANS — BayOB. $2 30®2 50; Pea. $3 25: But
ters *."»: small White. $2 S593; large White,
$2 404,2(50: Pink. $2 65t?2 SO; Red, $3 6Otf4;
Lima. $.W3 18; Red Kidneys. S4 25; HUck
eye %2fi1 15 per ctl; Horse' Beans. $1 50S2. '
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $.1: Tellow 'Mus
tard 5 $2 65@2 SO; Flax. 1 ' $1 S0@l 90; Canary.
5@5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. ll@14c; Rape.
IHfi2c: Timothy. 6©6Hc; Hemp. :iH«3Hc per
lb; Millet;" 3S3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®23
per ton. . •
Beans and Seeds.
In Gla*KOw closed unchansed at 49s
lOd. Middlesboro decllnt-d l>£d to 42» 6d. The
local market ruled steady but quiet. No 1
foundry • Northern,' ' $15©1<5; "No.' 2 foundry
North* rn, $14@15; No. 1 foundry Southern and
No. 1 foundry Southern soft, $13 75@14 25."
The local spelter market also remained un
changed at $">G.*> 20. In London spelter ad
vanced 2s Od to £21 17s fid. ' '
NEW YORK, Jan. 7. — The local copper mar
ket to-day developed a firm undertone dwing
to »n ImDroved demand from consumer* and
limited offexlnes from nrst ha-ndis.' Lake is
quoted at $12 50ffl2 87%. electrolytic at $12 50
©12 75 and castlnr at $12 25*212 50. On the
other side no change occurred for the day In
«pot, although future* eared off 2s 6d. Spot is
quoted at £5S 2s I'd And' futures at £57 7s 6d.
While tin was quiet and unchanged here,
the Kncllsh market advanced- £1 7s «M for spot
and '17s Cd foi- futures. ThU ' closed spot at
£i::i ISs and futurrs at £131 10s. ' Locally tin
Is quoted at S28 00^29. - - • .
The local lead mqrket is quiet and un
changed at $4 37*i§4 45. London declined Is
3d to £11 6« 3d. - ,
Nczv York Meld Market.
UNITED STATES BONDS. .
Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
4* qr coup..l07H!C8^ 4s qr cp newlS.1H134ti
4s qr reg ..107%lCS<4i33 qr eoup..l06HM»
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.''
Ala A W 5s. — iOT Co*6s..ll5»4 —
Kay CPC Os.lOlHKS 1 * E>o 8s 1O7H — *
Cal C O 5s. — 1CO% Do con — 101.
Cal C & E g Oceanic 8 5s. — 73
m & ct us. — — Om Cable Cs.l2Q 124
Cal-st 5s ..114 — Pac G Im 4s. »5 100
C C Wat 5«. — 1C0 PERjr 5*. 1043; If 5
Ed L tc P6S.120 — P & C H fe.lO3U —
F & C H 6s. — 117 P & O R 6s. — 117ft
Geary-st Ss.. 4S>,i 90 Powell-»t 63.1I3U — •
H C&S 5HS.104 • — SB O&R 5s. •- 101
H C A S 5s. 99V»10O SF & 9JV3s-117% —
Hon R T 6s.lO5 100 S R-of C 6s.I12% —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5».U2tf — (1909) .... 104*4104%
LALCofe- — (1910) .... — 106U
Do gtd 6s. — — £ P of C 6s . '
Do gtd 5s. — 10414 <I9CS)Sr A. 103 104
LAP lem 3s.l0rt 102 <190«)Sr B. — 104H
Mkt-»t C Cs.I13H — (l»QCr 1O4HIC5
Do lem Ss.tl3'illS <1012> ....115>4 —
NRU nl C63.104V4103 SPC 1 eg 5s. — 117 Va
Do 6s ....114% — Do stmpd.l07H —
N P C R 5s. — 106 S P B R 6s. — 134
N C R Os.. — 112 S V'W 6s. .108 —
N C P C.5s. — 101 Do 4s 2dm. — 100
N 9 R R 5s. 98 100 Do 4% 3dm. 98H 99U
,O G L H 5s.l07% — Stkn G&E 6a — 100
O W gtd 5s. — 100 U G ft E 5s. — 103
."WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 I Port Costa. . — —
Marln Co . . — «3 | S V W Co. 39 39U
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent I.'& P. 8« 4 ]P F O. & K^— 63ii
Mutual EL. 8»1 — I Stkn G & E. 5
Pac L Co... M — UG&E..— 39
Sac E G & R — — * ¦ '• ' •
TRt'STEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F G 1 £. M — I
IN8URANCE.
Firem's Fnd — 350 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.120 125 L P tc A... — 170
Anglo-Cat ..85 01 Mer Trust .. — 232i£
Bank of Cal. — 4«O Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp.l4S 150 S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & 1.4 — 2275 Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S tc L. — — Sec Sav Bk.375 475
Mutual Sav.100 110 • Union T Co. — —
S F Sar U.610 7C0
STREET RAILROADS. *
California ..199 205 [Presidio .... 38 41«
Geary — SO |
POWDER. •
Giant 62U 65 I Vlgorit — 5
' SUGAR. , .
Hana P Co. — . — Kllauea S C. — .5
Hawaiian C. 44 -43 Makawell' C. 22« 231i
Honokaa S C 12«'. Y.i% Onomea. S C. — . 31
Hutch SPC 7'4 9 Paauhau S C 14 —
- - MISCELLANEOUS. : • ' "
Alaska P A.1SS — I Oceanic S C— 5
Cal F C A. 03% 94% PacAux FA 5 »&
Cal Wine A. 93£ 94HIPac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board — ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ 5 "' " -"• " . '
10 Alaska Packers' Assn.* cash.... 138 50
40 California Win* Assn 94 CO
5 California Wine Assn 94 25
150 HuWh S P Co 8 00
50 Paanhau ' S P Co • .'...... 14 00
$1,000 S P of Arizona (19CD) 104 75
• 10 Spring Valley Water Co ...... 38 23
Street—
$50,000 8 P. of C 6 per cent (1912).. 115 62%
Afternoon Session.
Board— '.:"*¦ %
5 Alaska ' Packers' Assn. b 5. . . .136 50 -
5 California Fruit Canners". b 5. 94 OO
100 Oceanic S S Co ......'./¦ 4 no
93.000 S P of Arizona (1909) .......104 S7U
; • • ¦ : . Street— - ' > -**
; 15 California Fruit Cannexi §4 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma ;-.;•.. ....... .... ; ..
Apollo 42 ....'
Associated Trust Certificates. IS ....
Aztec ...........•.../........ .... go
California Standard 11
Caribou ; ...;. 140 1JJ
Central Point Con .... ....
Chicago - Crude .............. -.... .-,;.
Claremont >...... .......... ; S3 • ......
Esperanza .........' ......*. .... .....
Four -..'.; .' ¦ «s
Fulton .......... ........... .... 3 PO
Giant ......."..... .... 25
Hanford ........ ....'......140 OO 143 00
Home ....... 1 10 '1 1»H
Imperial • ....-«.
Independence • -11 ¦¦¦ 14
Junction ..:........ 1?
Kern... '..".'. 4 RO ¦ 4 75-
Kern River .;..... 1275 WOO,
: M onarch" (of" "Arizona) ". '.'.'.'.'. 40
Occidental of ,'\v"va!!!!!!.'.' ...w "if
OH City . Petroleum ' v . J. ..... 35 ;r.;;/.-"v
Peerless ..'.... ............ . ... .14 00
Stocks — Sales. Hljrh. Low. Close.
AtchUon .«... 21.C00 m% 66 MU
Atctlson i*Td ; - 700 89 « .- 8S%
Bar & Ohio T.flOO 77% 79% .77%
Bal tc Ohio pfd...'. 300 99 90 .90
Viina Pacific 2.WJ0 116% 1I« 116%
Central of N J ¦ 200 J60 160 : 169 .
CSes A r Ohio ««• 32U 32 »'i
CW & Alton LBOO ."»% 34% S5%
Chi & Altcn pfd... 2.000 804 79% '9%
C fc G West 300 15% 15% 15%
CiGWflrtBpM 100 27% 27<>; 27%
Tilcaeo A U w 200 IMi . 165% 166 -
NEW TORK. Jan. 7.— To-day's stock market
reflected a mere sober view or the conditions
crewSr.* cat cf the war crisis In that Far East.
The result was a moderate recovery from the
fail- of yesterday. War cewg continued sorr.e
thSrg oTjl factor in all of the speculative mar-
Veti iind wheat rase and. cottca fell In response.
ILondoa had already scored some recovery from
its early decline before trading began here.
•The day's market In New Tort was sluggish
and listless. The Etar.a&rd stocks moved very
narrowly axd d!d not maintain the positions.
reflecting the shifting opinions of professional
.trtcer?, cteklug merely to follow prices. There
v.-ere wider movements In a collection of minor
EtockE. principally among the railroads, but
.embra.&jr.s seme of the low-priced Industrials
as < we!L Umttd States Steel preferred was
fcm» throughout the day uztll the closing deal
ings. wht» it« gain, which had reached %
TSf !ted away In common with a reaction In the
whole .1st. The buj-lng of United States Steel
prcl erred was attributed to banking ¦ Interests
assneiated with the corporation, and was be
lieved to be for purp'^es of support. News
of the day from the trade oITered r.o explana
tioo of the firmness of the stock, the leading
trade atnbcrity reporting a waiting attitude -on
the part cf buyers cf finished products in the
confidence thtt they could cover their require
ments with ease. Something -was rn«de cf the
argument that the selling cf the Steel atotcts
ha» tlr.-a.tfy discounted the cor«lft.lon 4 of treat
est ciepreeslon and that economies from - wage
rttecti^na are to be felt from thjs time. Amal-
Ktmat-4 Copper showed temporary firmness tn
• face of the heaviness of the general market
&nd then weakened -decidedly, presumably en
account of the reports of a Judicial holding on
a minor point in one of the company's nuraer
•ous lKlrations. The stock scored a loss on the
4*T ot V- Money continued to work declflcdly
ea*ier for all kinds of loans, time funds being
offered Jn abosdance at 4%.- except where large
•prcportiors in Industrial collateral were sought
ta be Included. Tfcls removed any obstruction
• to the adv&nce In sterling exchange, while the
adranrr In dli-count rates In London helped to
1 lift sterling. The Bank cf England and Bank
of France exhibited the large repayments of
• io&ns until the turn of, the year and the English
Institution pa'.-t-d in gold on the return from
domefctic char.nela. The Back of France, how.
e-vw, showed a loss of X2.000.000 In cold. One
cf the unsettling influences of an outbreak of
hostilities which has been most feared was
. l&nre withdrawals of French, capital now In
vested in London discounts to take care of
French holding* of Russians. The • market
closed rather easy with reartlons.
Bine* were dull and irrerular. Total rales,
51.S30.OO0.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
XEW TORK STOCK LIST.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May.
Oper.ln? (; 6 6 5%
CVins - 0 5% 6 5%
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. May-Aug.
Openln* 21 70 21 «'O
Closing -. 21 40 21 40
Floor —
Opt- nlng ; 2950 29 10
Closing 29 30 - 28 SO
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easier; creameries, 16®20c; dairies,
14#21c. Eggs, steady; at mark, casfs in
cluded, 2552bc. Cheese, steady,' 10©10%c.
A dispatch from Washington says that the
Government wants another 1000 tons of Hay
for Manila. The Hay market continues to
point upward, | with continued complaints of
dry weather. ¦ and another advance in! the
choicer grades is reported." Receipts are ¦ mod
erate. .-" , : ¦ ¦ : - .
Bran and Middlings are very firm. with, con
tinued slender offerings. Prices, however, are
unchanged. • ' ' - .,'.'-
BRAN— 510 50020 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $26 50©2S 60 per ton.
SHORTS— $1!) 5O«2O 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23 50ft24 50
per ton: Oil Cake Meal at the mill. S27S2S 50;
Jobbing. S290SO: Cocoanut Cake. S21®22:Corn
Meal »2S 5Off29 50; Cracked Corn. S29Q30;
Mixed Feed. $22®23: Horse Beans. $30940 per
. HAT— Wheat, $14^17 50; Wheat and" Oat.
$14@1G 50; Oat, $14,1*16; Wild Oat. $13$14 50;
Barley $12^14; Stock nominal— none here; Al
falfa. $1201.1 50 per ton. v ' - .
STRAW— D0®65c per bale.
Hay an d fcedstu fis.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24.400 : 30,000
Wheat, bughehi r 26.400 55.800
Com, buehel 100.800 200.000
Oats, bushels 92.300 139,000
Rye. bushels 2.B00 -5,000
Barley, bushels 47,500 19,306
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about "iBlc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9c: medium. Sc: light. 7%c; Cow Hides,
7%c for hea%-y'snd 7%e for light; Stags, 5c;
Salted Kip. 9c: Paltcd Veal. 10c; Salted Calf,
10%c: dry Hides, 1.W16C; dry Kip. 13c; dry Calf,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each; short
Wool. 4Oe«X)c each: medium. 70i890e; long
Wool. $1@1 5O; Horse Hides, salt. %2 75 for
large and $2f?2 50 for medium. $1 2!>fll 75 for
small and 50c for Colts.- Hor»« Hlden. dry.
<1 75 for*larjre and $1 5ft for medium. *1«1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 2.V; dry
Central Amerlcan,'31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 7">c; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c:
small. 20c. '
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%o per lb; No.
2. 4c: grease. -2UO3c. • .-
WOOL — Fall . clip — San Joacroln Lambs'. 99
lie: Middle .County. 11612c; ¦ Northern Free,
IlGI2c: Northern Defective. 10*»llc: Humb"Idt
and Mendoclno. 12fTl4c: Nevada, . 13®13c: Ore
gon fine. lRttlOc; Oregon. medium. 17c per lb.
-¦ HOPSr-2Ce24c per Ib for California. ,7 " ;
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There was no change whatever In this mar
ket, whjch continued quiet, but Chicago broke
sharply, with the packers large sellers and
outside traders buying. Receipts of Hogs are
lante- and stocks are rapidly accumulating.
The. Chicago letter of Bolton. Ue Ruyter &
Co. says: "Market Is a little easier. Receipts
of HogB'are Iartre and prices' at the yards 10c
to 15c lower. There Is still a fair distributive
demand, but stocks are accumulating rapidly,
packers are marketing their product- freely,
and property is In the hands of scattered out
side buyers. It Is not a strong position after
so material an advance, and we are Inclined
to think the result will be lower prices."
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 11 He per lb for
heavy, lie for.: Hunt medium, 14c tor light.
14%c for extra light; 18c for sugar-cured! and
20c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured
Hams. 14c: California' Hams. I"%<gi3%c: Mrss
Beef. $11 50 Der bbl: extra Mess, $12ftl2 50;
Family. $13: prime Mess Pork. $17: extra clear,
124: Mees. $1»: Dry Palted Pork.- 12c; Pig. Pork.
S2K; Plgs'Feet. $5 25: Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces- quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and Oc for pure: half-barrels, pure.
»>ic; 10-lb tins. 0%c; S-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
10c. :•¦-.' ..-....>.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels. SXc: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8%c: five tierces. S%c per Ib. '„ ' ;^
Provisions.
FLOUR — California Family Extras $4 C09
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, S4'00@4 w
Oregon and Washington. $3 9C@4 20 per bol for
Fanilly and $3 9004 40 for Bakers 1 , t " "
M1LLSTCFFS— Prices In packages -are as
follows: Graham 'Flour. $3 25 per 10O' lbs-
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7: Corn Meat; $3 25; extra cream do S4--Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. 54®4 25; Buckwheat
Flour." $4 60?£4 75; Cracked Wheat %3 It- Fa
rina $4 00; Whole Wheat Flour $3 BO: Rolled
Oats. bbls. ft 25©S 60; In sacks. $0 75Q8 10;
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. ?5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Carh qjuotatlons Trtre as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 82$ 84c; No. 3. 75@
SOc: No. 2 red. 83@SS K c : . No. 2 corn, 44c; No.
2 yellow, 40c; No. 2 oats, 36%@37%o; No. 3
white. 36£3S%c; No. 2 o - e,53c; good feeding
barley. 36@37c; fair to choice malting. 43©
58c: No. 1 flaxseed. &S%c; No. 1 Northwestern.
*1 05: prime timothy seed, f 2 JBO; mess pork,
per bbt. $13 12 %<g 13 25; lard. 'per 100 lbs,
S4 72H@8 75: short rib- sides (loose). $6 37V*
ee e7H: short clear sides (boxed), $B C2H@
6 75'; whisky,' basis of hlrh wines, $ I 26;'clo
ver, contract grade, (11 25@11 35. ]
HURSDAT.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Articles— Open. Hl«h. .Low.. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . ¦ ' ' "~" ; '.'.
May W5 S-S'4 87.%.. »7%
July 83% 83^4 82H S2*i
September SI 81 \ SOY* SOii
Corn No. 2 — ' . .
January 4"»U , 43»i 43U- 43«.
May... 48 * 48 4,7- 41%
July 47% 47% 40%. 46%
Oats No. 2—
January 3G»4 30% 36^' 30%
May 39%. 39% 39% 39%
July S6% , 36% 36 36%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January ' - 1"* -.'¦ . ¦ "13 00
May 13 50 13 67»4 13 27% 13 32%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January . .. 0 77% (5 77% 6 72% 0 75
May 7 07% 7 12% 7 00 7 00
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January ..." "..:. .'...' ¦.'..". 6 42%
May .......6*0. 0 85' 6 1)7% B 70
•The fellow ire are the seasonal rainfalls to
(ate, as compared with those of same date last
steason, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hour*, season, season.
Eureka O.OO IS. 63 22.00
Red Bluff 0.00 12.59 13.51
Sacramento 0.00 4.82 6.71
S*n Fraadsco 0.00 6.20 6.15
Fresno 0.00 0.90 3.31
Independence 0.00 0.42 0.83
•San Luis Oblspo 0.00 O.S2 5.00
1-os Angeles 0.00 O.43 4.97
; San I'ltto 0.00 0.40 6.C9
¦• THE COAST RECORD.
e S K 3 2 5
1 \i a 3 n 1
Stations. s || || g| f- g
••* - * 5 i - ?
.Bt'^er SO. 40 34 20 SC Clear .00
•oTrson 3A.44 SS 10 N Clear .00
Eureka 30. 1« « 36 KW Cl*ar .00
Varallcn 30.10 CS 4S NW Clear .OO
Kr«no 20.12 54 28 NW C1e«r .(*>
KUgrstaS 30. OS 36 12 E Clear .00
ja&cairllo 30.52 2S 20 W Cloudy Tr.
ln<lrr*ndence .30.10 56 38 NW Clear .00
Los Aru?el*s...3O.C2 70 49 W Clear .00
•lit TamalpaJs.3lJ.12 50 42 N Clear .00
.North Head... 30. CS 50 44 SE Rain .04
Phoenix 23. «6 70 30 NE Clear .00 1
Pclnt Reyes... ?.0. 06 5S 4«S NW Oear .00
Portland 30.1* 4« S« SE Pt.Ody .00
Red Bluff SO. 10 64 45 N Clear .00.
!los*bcrg W>.20 4« 32 SE Pt.Ody .00
Vacraraento ..W.12 5^ Z* E Clear .00
SaU Lake 3O.&4 24 12 SE Clear .00
San Francisco. 30. 14 SS 46 NW Clear .00
Can L. Obbspo. 30.06 «5S 38 E Clear ' .00
San Dle«o «).fiO O4 42 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle ....... 3O.OS 54 44 S Cloudy .01
Spokane 30.18 42 30 S Cloudy .00
Tatocwi 23.90 50 46 S Rain .30
Walla Walla... 30. 14 50 36 S defer .00
W'isneraucca .30.44 3« 10 SW Clear .00
Yuma -. 23.64 66 50 S Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
. • The pressure is banning to fall rapidly over
the" Pacific slope. Over the vaUey cf the Colo
rado a email disturbance is developing, while a
marked depression is ; a^s'.r.i; over Northern
Wa^hlr^ton arid Vancouver Island.
. " High southerly winds prevail alcsg the Ore
£' r. aad Washington cosct.
No rain has tailen except Berth of the Co
lursbia River.
Foreran made at £an Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January S:
Xorthern California — Cloudy Friday; light
, ticrtheart wind?, changing to southerly.
Southern California — Clcudy. unsettled weath
er FnCay; light northwest winds, changing to
"easterly.
. Neva 1^— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Fridav, be
coming cloudy at night; light northeast wtnds
changing to southeast.'
¦ A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
CHICAGO, Jan. 7. — Wheat was nervous and
a disposition was manifested among traders
to play the market for a decline. Notwith
standing the fact that war news seemed about
as threatening as yesterday and that consols
were lower, opening prices showed lo*s?s, May
betag %c to %c lower at 87%©8Sc. There was
a'gdpd'deal of long wheat for rale and' May
was gradually forced down to 87%c. "a loss of
lc from last night's final 'figures. Toward the
noon hour the sentiment suddenly changed on
an erroneous- cable dlapatch from Liverpool
alleging that hostilities between Russia and
Japan had "begun. Shorts became actiyp buy
ers and In their effort to cover the. price "of
May was advanced rapidly to 8S&C Denial of
the report resulted in as quick a reaction. May
again selling to 87Hc. .The close was weak at
almost the lowest figure of the day, with May
at S7H«r*-%c
Corn was weak, partly because of the action
of wheat and partly because of lack of sup
port. May cU-sed %c lower at 47%©47*ic.
Oats revived 'a setback' early irt the'day, but
clowd unchanged at 30U©30% c .
'There was liquidation In provisions on a
fairly large scale, especially in May pork, and
that product led the Un in seekmg- a low* r
level in crices. Late buying by commission
houses caused a steadier tone, but final figures
on May Dork were 35c lower. May lard was
down 12%c and ribs 12%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Weather Report.
:120th Meridian— Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 7—5 p. m
Chi Term & T 6,600 11^ 10U 11
Chi Terra & T pfd. 21,000 23*; ;2l*i ' 24%
C, C. C & St Louis. 73
Colo So 6,000 17* 16 16%
Colo So 1st pfd 400 57 . 55% 56
Colo go 2d pfd 1,500 2tS*i 25ft 25%
Del & Hudson 500 104 163 1C3V>
Del. Lack & West 2t»
Den &. Rio G 800 20 l ; 19*4 1'JH
Den & BJo G pfd.. 68
Erie 5.400 2S 27% 27%
Erie 1st pfd 900 6.S»i fc"7«% 67%
Erie 2d pfd. 2.000 47»4 47 47»i
Great Ncr pfd .- 170
Hocking Val 700 73% 73 73%
Uocking Val pfd.. COO S5 &V& 8*%
III Central 200 12914 129*i 129
Iowa Central ...:.. 1.100 22% 21 22
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 3SV4 38U 3»%
Kans City So 400 19 1S% 18%
Kar.s City So pfd.. 1.300 34% 33 - 34^j
Louis & Nash 1.400 107 - *106tt 106»»
Manhattan L 2.700 142 141^4 141%,
Met St Ry 900 121% 121 12014
Minn & St Louis.. 200 66% .66 64
Mo raclflc 5,300 91% 91 91 »i
Mo. Kar.s & Tex... 900 17 16»i 16%
Mo. Kans & T pfd. 300 39 3S% 3SV4
N R R of Mex pfd. 400 36% 34% 36V4
N Y Central 1,500 119 117% IIS*
Nor & AVeet 200 5«% 56% 5«H
Nor & W*st pfd S5
Northern Securities SSV»
Ont & West 1.200 21% 21% 51%
Pennsvlvanla 16,300 117$» 116»i 117V4
Pits. C, C t St L. 100 63 63 63
Reading 6.500 44% 43% 4.3T4
Reading 1st pfd... 300 77% 77% 7«SV,
Reading 2d prd 58*i
Rock Island Co 7.S0O 22 21% 21%
Rork Island Co pfd 500 58% 51% 5S
St L &; S F 1st pfd 60
St L & S F 3d pfd X*%,
St Louis S W 300 1G>4 13% 14
St I>ouls S W pfd.. 2.400 331.J 31% 32%
St Paul .;.. 14.200 142% 141% 141%
St Paul pfd 176
Fo Pacific 13.000 47% 46% 47
So Railway 2.100 1»% l»Vi 13*
So Railway pfd 100 73 7S 77%
Tex * PacBlc 700 25 24% 24%
Tol, St L & W.... 100 24% 24% 24%
To!. St L & W pfd , ... 36
Union Pacific 36.MX) 77% 7BT« 77%
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 ' S3 R8T* SS
Waba^h 200 19% 19% 1ft%
Wabash pfd 1.500 2d\i SS% 35"ii i
•Wheel & L Erie - 16%
Wis Cctitral 500 17% >17 16%
Wisconsin Cm pfd. 600 33% 3SU 33
Express Corr.pa.3ies —
Adams 224
American 1W
United States 110
Wella-Fargo , .... 201
Miscellaneous^, ¦ ". f
Amalgram Copper. .. 7S.fiftf> 45»"4 48% 4<^i.
Amer Car & Found 1.700 18% IS 1R%
Amer Car & F Dfd. 300 6S% 67% C8
Atrer Linseed Oil ¦ fi
Amer Lin Oil pfd 2S
Amer Locomotive.. 1,000 17*4 16% 17
Amer Loco pfd Z. 76
Amer Smelt tc Ref. 400 47% 47% ¦ 47
Amer R ts. Ref pfd. 100 89% 8fl% K9
Amer Sujar Ref..." 5.O0O 124% 124 124
Anaconda' Mln Co.. 200 72% 72% 74
Brklyn Rap Trans. 32,900 50% 4SU 49%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 500 -30% 27*i 29%
Colum.4 Hock Coal 1.CO0 15 14% 14%
C'msolldsted Gbs... 1,100 l»0% 1S9% 190
General Electric... 100 170 170 171
International Paper -.... 10%
Interntl Paper pfd. 100 65% 65% «4
International Pump 29
Intemtl Pump pfd. .;. 70
National Biscuit 36
Natlcnal Iv>ad f.oo 15 14% 14%
North Arrerlcar... COO 83% S2 • 83
Pacific Mall 200 25 25 ">4t4
People's Ge«i 400 .96% 96% 06%
Pressed Ste^l Car.. 300 27% 27 27 H
Prised S-Cer pfd.. 67'
Pullman Palace Car 215
Republic Steel 200 6% ¦ 6% 6%
Republic Steel pfd. 100 40% 40% 40'
Rubber Goods 100 17*i 17V* 17U
Rubber Goods pfd *-'* 73
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1.8O) 38 351; 35 «
U S Leather 300 7% 7% 7U
U S Leather pfd... 300 76 75% 76'
U S Rubber ; .... '.™ JqU
U S Rubber pfd 4?
U S Steel 21.600 10»4 *9« OTi
U S Steel pfd 36.000 56% 53% si5
Western Union 500 S6% 86^ 60 JJ
Total sales ". .419, 1 20O.shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK. Jan. 7.— Bond transactions In
t>r.lte<l Railroads of San Francisco: 15,O>J at
? «5 46;. 15.00ft at fT3 S7%.
NEW TORK BONDS.
US ref 2s re S . .105% j Louis & N uni 4s. 9S%
l>o coup 105% Manhattan c g 4s io°%
Do 3« reg 103% Mex Cent 4s .... 67%
Do coup 100% Do 1st inc 14%
Do r.ew 4s reff.133 Minn & £t L 4s. 97
Do coup 13314 M K A T 4s... 9««
Do old 4s reg.107%- Do 2ds ....... 70%
Do coup " 107% X R R of M c 4s 7414
£° &» ™«T 101U K Y Cent r 3%s! 97%
Do coup 101 «4 N* J Cent g 5S..12SU.
Atcblson gen 4s.. Ofi% j; or p ac ifl c < s io-»%
Do adjt 4» SS Do 3s 70%
Atlantic C L 4s. W^ Nor & TV con 4s fie«i4
Balto & O 4S...1OOT4 O S L 4s & Par. 91*;
Do 3%s 93% Penn com- 3%s.. 95
Cent of Ot Bs ..104 Reading Gon 4«. 94%
Do 1st Inc ... «J7 Ft I, 4 I 11 c 5s 111
Ches & O 4%s..ir2% ft L 4 R P fi 4c S3
Chi tc Alton 3%s. 75 St'If S W lsts.. 92M
C R tc Q n 4s.. 90% Seaboard A L" 4s. 67%
! C M 4: S P g 4s. 105% {--outhern Pac 4s. 8S%
Ch! & N W c "s.MlU Southern Ry 5s. .111%
C R I & P R R 4s a Ta t Pm Ists.lir.i2
Do col 5s ..... 73 Tol St L & W 4s. 71 '
CCC&SLg4s 95% Union Paciflc 4s.l00%
Chi Term 4s '... 7fl Do eonv'4s .. ..- 05%
Con Tobacco 4s.. 55% I* S Steel 2d 5s. 69%
Colo tc So 4»... 87 Wabash lsts 114%
Denver t R C, 4s. IK Do Deb B . .' C2U
Erie prior lien 4s. 97 Wheel & L E 4s" 90
Do Gen 4s .... 84 Wis Cent 4s .... «9U
Ft W & D C Ists.lOlH Colo F & I c 5s 70
Hocking Val 4%«.IO4%
NEW YORK-MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 1C 'Little Chief 07
Alice 23' Ontario .... « 00
Breeee IA Ophir 370
Brunswick Con ... C5 Potosi - 2 1
Ccmstock Tunnel.. C7t Savage .... ' <e
Con Cal & Va....l 55'sierra Nevada ." 70
Horn Silver 1 00 Small Hopes '... r»
Iron Sllvrr 1 25? Standard 1 s5
Lead\111e Con ' C2' ¦
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westlngh Com 81
Call loans 5%«6 Mln,nir—
Time loans 5 C6 Un" - Copper ... 5
Bonat — ' Adventure ....... 2J4
Atch!«on 4s : 98 Allouex 4%
Mex Ont 4s ... 67«i AmaUramated .... 4Stt
Railroads— Daly West au
Atchlson 6C% Blnrham ..... riu
Dp prefd RS% Calumet & Hecla!437-
Boston * Albany. 24 Centennial . 1A14
Boston * Maine.167% Copper Range " 43I4
Boston L ...:... 140. Dominion Coal «nti
N T N H 4: H...195 Franklin S~r "
FitChburg prefd..lS5 Isle'Royale *""* rv
Union Pacific i... 77% Mohawk .... ."" 3A**
Mexican Central.. 9% Old Dominion . 10 ,
Miscellaneous — Osceola .......... eo
Amer Susar ....124 Parrot "* 2114
Do prefd 123 Qulncy " 00 ¦¦
Amrr Tel & TeI.12R Santa F* Copper l«
Domln I & S ... 9. Tamarack 100
Gen Electric 169 Trinity 4%
Maw- Electric... 20 United States ... IS«
Do pr*fd ...... 75 Utah -. .. 32-
United Fruit .... OH Victoria ......... 2
US Steel"......: ' 9U Wlnona" .......... 7
• Do prefd C5K Wolverine ........69%
• A dissatch from London yesterday quoted
««»!• fox money at 86 13-16, a decline of 1
point' and cosscls for account 87. a decline of
1 1-lfi. slt-z said that these are the lowest
ifrvres touched since lSeS.
English Consols at Bedrock.
Pltteburg , - ....
Reed Crude ...... 4 55 .... ,
8 P & McKlttrlck .... ....
San Joaquln O & D ....
Senator 63 ....
Boverelgn .......... S7 40
Sterling ..." 2 90 ....
Superior .«..
Thirty-three ..:..., -.-- ...»
Toltcc ..•. 19 ...«
Twenty-eight ....; 4 60 • .<-.
West Shore 3 00
Miscellaneous —
Abqy Land A Improvement ....
Alameda Sugar .... '20 CO
American Biscuit 75 CO ...'.
American District Tel :..- ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp... .... ....
California Cotton Mills . : . S9 CO 93 00
California Jockey Club .... . ... ....
California Shipping Co . ...
Cal Title Ins & Trust ....
Central. Bank of Oakland ....
Chutes Company ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 50 7 oo
; Fischer's Theatar ' .... 2 25
Oas Consumers" Assn *... ....
Honolulu Sugar .'......'.... .... ....
i Northern Cal Power 8 75 » CO
North Shore Railroad ..* ....
Orpheum Company 18 00 . ...
I Pacific States Tel tc Tel.. .... ..».
I Parafffne Paint 35 CO ....
1 San Francisco Dry Dock .... .
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 30 ....
Sausalito Land & Ferry ....
Sperry Flour Company .: .;i«-
Standard Electric ....:
Tesla Coal Company 23 00 30 CO
Truekee Electric ....
Union s Sugar ....
United Gas * Electric ....
. •- SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Kern River 12 73
10O Home 1 124
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1M Caribou ISO
100 Home 1W
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. .
Following "were the salea on the San Fran
! Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday :
Morning Session.
400 Alpha ... 131 200 Mexican .1 or.
200 Andes 23[ 10O Ophlr 4 W>
300 Bullion 12. 4C0 Ophlr 4 1»
100 Caledonia ... OX 200 Overman .... 23
' 100 Caledonia ... 91 1 350 Sierra Nev ..• 7»
100 Challenge Con 3O« 200 Silver Hill . . *»
90O Chollar 23! ICO Silver Hill .. Kl
230 Con C k. . Va.l 50' «00 Union Ccm . . PO
200 Gould fc CUr. 4S 10O Union Con . . «»
20O Justice Ill 50O Utah 17
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 15. 700 Mexican 2 45
600 Andes U0- 200 Mexican S «•
200 Andes 29'< 800 Occidental ... S3
2C0 Belcher 30 600 Ophlr 5 00
100 Best & Belch.2 00 10O Ophlr ........4 93
lt<0 Caledonia ... 93' 6O Ophlr .......4*1
100 Caledonia. ... W 2CO Overman .... 2S
30O CaledonU ... S3) 6OO Potort ....... 27
300 Chollar 32' 200 Savage «1
200 Con C '& Va.l 9«v 800 Savage ...... Co
400 Con C & Va.l 95ilOCO Scorpion M
1100 Cosi Imperial. 05' 100 Sierra Nev .. an
ICO Confidence ...1 00 100 Sierra Nev .. 97
100 Crown Point.. 27 300 Silver Hill .. W»
700 Exchequer .".. 20! ' 50 St Louis .... 12
100 Gould * Cur. 62{ 60O Union Con ..t 15
200 Hale & Norc 82 400 Union Con ..1 lt>
3CO Hale & Norc 80 700 Utah 22
SCO Julia C7 2C0 Utah 21
2C0 Justice 12 30O Yellow Jacket 33
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales en the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: •
Morning Session.
1200 Alpha Con . . 12 200 Gould & Cur. 51
COO Alpha Con .. 13 50 Mexican 195
200 Andes 55 100 Mexican 2 C5
100 Belcher 33 100 Mexican ...2 07 Yi
300 Belcher 35 100 Ophir 4 10
SCO Bullion 12 4CO Ophlr 4 20
. 100 Bullion 13 iflO Ophlr 4 15
WO Chollar 27 10O Ophlr .......4 23
100 Chollar 28 600 Potost 24
200 Con C & Va.1 45 100 Savage Kl
300 Con C & V.I 47H 3<*> Scorpion . 0»
100 Con C & Va.l 50 2CO Se* Belcher. . II
100 Con C & V.I 82'i eOO Sierra Nev .. 82
160 Crown Point.. 23 2CO Union Con .. !X»
100 Crown Point. 24 100 Union Con .. »4
¦Hin Gould * Cur. 47 BOO Utah ..; in
100 Gould A Cur. 4U VXT TetlOW Jacket " 32
Afternoon Session.
,300 Andea ....... 2S SCO Potosl 27
200 Caledonia ... 81 200 Potos! 2S
200 Con C & Va.1 75 3C0 Savage 59
2CO Con C & V.I 87*J 3C0 Savage CO
300> Con C & Va.l 90 30O Scorpion .*... M
, 20O Con C k Va.1 85 200 Sierra Ner .. S5
200 Crown Point.. 25 200 Sierra Nev .. 9«
4OO Crown Point.. 2«l 100 Sierra. Kev ..t OO
lOO Crown Point.. 271 100 Sierra Nev .. »l
100 Gould & Cur. 6S' ICO Silver Hill .. B2
600 Gould A Cur. 10- 200 SllveT Hill .. Kl
400 Oould A Cur. &•*:. 200 Silver Hill... M
! 200 Kentuck 03,1.100 Union Con ..1 10
IW> Mexican 2 23 2C0 Union Con..l 12»^
10O Mexican 2 33i TOO Union Con ..1 15
100 Mexican ...2 32V,| 30O Union Con.l 07H
40O Ophlr ..4 8Of 7OO Utah 21
100 Ophlr 3 00- 1<X> Yellow Jacket ."?<«
200 Ophlr 4 83 100 Tellow Jacket 36
300 Overman .... 28
• . TON0PAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Mont Ton ...1 20 .too Ton Midway. 4ft
30O Mont Ton..l 22V» 200 Ton Midway.' 42
1000 Rescue 07 2CO Ton N Star.. 30
Afternoon Session.
100 Gold Anchor. 27/ 200 Mont Ton ..I 25
ICO Mont Ton.. 1 22HII0CO Paymaster ... 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Jan. 7—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. [ Btd.Aslr.
Alpha 14 1.V Justice 11 12
i Alta 08 C«!Kentnck 04 C3
Andes 29 .TO. Keye.1 Graes. — 1 7.*.
BMcher 37 3S,Lady Waslf .. — to»
Beat & Belch.2 .V. 2 «3l Mexican 2 3O 2 4f>
Bunion 12 14] Occidental ...-53 Rl
Caledonia ... 94 96i Ophir 4 SO 4 00
Challenge Con 33 33jOvennan 27 ?.*
Chollar 32 3T,Potosl 28 SO
Confidence ... 05 1 CO!£avage RO rz
Con C ft Va.1 85 1 &<> Scorpion 04 Or,
Con Imperial. 04 06 Peg Betcher.. 10 12
Con NT 10 11 Sierra Nev ..91 ft:
Crown Point. 27 2S Pllvor Hill ..BO (ST.
Eureka Con... — 5O St Louis .... 12 ]h
Exchequer ... 20 22 Syndicate .... 04 Otl
Oould A Cur. R9 611 Union Con ..1 in ] 1.1
Hal« & Norc. RO Xl'Utah 2O 23
Julia ........ 06 07 Tellow Jacket 33 39
TON'OPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. [ Bid. Ask
Colehan — ! 191 Ton Belmont. 65 I 70
Esperanza ... — OliTon & Cal.... — 2n
. Oold Anchor. 25 — Ton of N#v..« OO « 2.T
MacNamara . C9 14 Ton N Star. 23 • SO
Moot Ton 1 22% — Ton Midway. 4O —
Ray & OBrien — 25 United. Ton... CO 12
Rescue .04 07
John Wanamaker of Philadelphia is
believed to carry more insurance than
any other man. his politics amounting
to more than $2,400,000.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown,
BVJc P* r ' D ! 3-crown, 0^«c; 4-crown, 6%c; Seed.
Itsi Muscatelf, 4>«c: do. floated, 4%c; un
bleached Sultana*. 4 Vic; Thompson's Seedlesis,
6%c. -London Layers— 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown.
$1 35; 4-crown clusters; $2: 5-crown D^hesac,
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials. $3: Malaga Loose. 2
crown. 5c per Ib; "do 3-crown. 5%c: Valencia
Cured^, 4 Vie: Pacific, do, 35Jc: Oriental.- do.
"%c. Sepded I^alslrs — 16-oz packages, fancy,
8c per lb: choice, "t~*c; 12-oz packages, fancy.
G%c; choice. 6%c: in bulk, fancy, 7»ic; choice.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13%i»14c;
No.' 2 - -11Uf|t2e:-No. I* hardshell. l.1813>lc:
No. 2, 114211 'jc; Almonds, lie for Nonpareil*.
10%c for I X L. 10>;c for Ne Plus Ultra and
R^ic for. Languedoc: Peanuts. 6177c for Eartem;
Pecans. llQl.tc; Cocoanuts. $1 C0@2; Chest
nuts. S®10c Der lb.
HOXEY— Comb. 10©llHc for white and 8%®
9%«' for smber; '¦- water white extracted, ft^
6<4c: light amber extracted, 4%@4%c; dark.
S',;«i4c. '
BEESWAX— 27(829o Der lb.
Dullness, still prevails at unchanged quota
tions. 'V
FRUIT — Apricots, 7»^€9%c for Royals and 9
@llc for Mocrparks; Evaporated Apples. 4©
6%c; sun-dried. 3©4c; Peaches, 4@6%c;. Pears,
S^lOc; Nectarines, 4<J5%c; Figs, white, 4@4?;c
in boxes; black. 4Uc; Plums, pitted, 6S9c per
pound. - "'• "'
PRUNES— 1903 crop, 2%®2%c for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
i-APPLESr^-Fancy Spltsenbergs. ¦ $1 60®l 75
per box; . other- varieties. $1^1 40 for fancy.
5O@ftpc for choice "and 55® 40c for common.
" PEARS-r^WInter Nellls i from cold storage.
$l-50^a.per box.- ¦•' ¦- . - . • ,. ¦'¦•< :\
, CJTKUS 7 FRUrra— Navel Oranges. «2@2 50
per^box-fbr 'fancy.' $1.25® 1 76 for choice* and
75c1?$l 25 for standards; Seedlings; 75c@$L;
Tangerines, SOc@$l 25-^per box; Japanese Man
darins, $1@1 25 f6r half boxes; Lemons, $1-75
€2 SO for fancy; $1 23©l'S0'for choice, and
75c@$l for standard: Grape Fruit." $1^2; Mex
ican Limes, -$4^4 50: Bananas,' $1®2 per bunch
for Hawaiian, and $2$ 2 50 for Central Amer
ican ;" PInf apples, $2^3 per dozen.
"' .A 'cbest'of 'Longworth Strawberries came In
'from San 'Mwtoa County., the, first in some time.-.
The Berries' were of good>'flzc .andVwell col
ored,/and met with prompt sale at 70@75c
.per "drawer.-.. Otherwise the ; fruit market was^
featureless, wlth~""the* cocil ' weather" still tope-*
rating against -<rad«v -.-High-grade. offerings of
Newtown Pippin Apples packed In 3-tler boxes,'
•met. with' « limited lnqulry-at SI XV<jl 40?per
.box, but 4-tIer packages of ' this' and all other
descriptions,-- except -fancy 'SpiWenbergs, were
- «<lotv : of i sale at $1: 25. Common and ! medium
grades of Apples were abundant and moved
vefy".' slowly: Stocks of • Pears'- were- llsht, but
. as --the demand .was likewise, /prices '.were un
changed. .¦¦- . .,'.-. • : ¦ •'
' Trade In Oranges continued quiet, with most
retailers / and shipping | brokers ' awaiting the
: result of the auction sale to be held to-day.
Only 3 car* are In sight thus far, and It Is not
likely that any more will be received In time
for the sale. Other Citrus fruits were dull
' and' featureless." . ' - . "
• * ' ' ¦" - 9 '
'Deciduous an'd"Ct'frus Truil's.
In addition to the preferred stock $4 67 in
common stock of the new company will also
be given for each share of the Vlgorit.
Most of the stock Is held by the ponohoe-
Kelly Banking Company In escrow, under an
agreement" 'tfiat expired' pecember "15, Share
holders will be asked to extend the time of
settlement under the above term* until Janu
ary 31. As soon as thla Is done the Vlgorit
stock will be sent on to the Wilmington Trust
Company at Wilmington. Del., to be exchanged
for the stock of the E. I. du Pont de Nemours
Company • under the terms agreed to." . ...
The Union Laundry Company, of San Fran
cisco has levied an assessment of SO cents per
share, delinquent' February 6.- .
"A new savings Institution, which trill prob
ably -be named < the -Mechanics' Savings Bank.
Is' being organised In this city...
The new proposals for the absorption of the
California Vlgorit Powder ' Company by the
E. I. <lu Pont de Nemours Company have been
agreed to- by the holders of ovtr 40,000 shares
of the Vl^orlt stock.
' Under the present agreement for each share
of VlKortt 12 73 In preferred stock of th« Du
Pont Company will be received, with the
probability . Of securing 60 to 70 cents more
when certain suits Involving about $39,000 ar«
settled. 5
• The only activity at the moment 1« in min
ing stocks, which continue to rise sharply
nnderif lively, trading. - TcsterOay I Ophlr »old
from $.4 up to $5,. Con. Cal. and Va. from $1 80
up to $1 05, Mexican from $1 89 up to $2 45.
andr so on... Trading ia local stocks and bonds
On the Bond Exchange was light, ami the oil
stocks ' continued dull. There ws* m. sale of
$4000 .'United .-Railroad 4 ' per "ceftt 'bonds (un
«sted)i af#76 12%. ... ...-, . v -• ," \ r.\
Oakland, .Transit paid, interest'- on Its "6s,
1918,". yesterday; - - ; .; ".- - '- ; ' - f
-The First National Bank has declared *
stml-annual dividend at the ran of .10 percent
per .annum. Dayable January. 11. --,Tb4«y to
gether with' the extra, dividend of '6 per cent
declared^ In December : witf make a return to
the ''stockboldf rs of 15 per cent for the past
year. ' - -." •. ¦-: ':. —
• The- Pres Idle a nd« Ferries Railroad Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 2V
cents 'per share/ payable January 15. • -
The 'annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Oceanic Steamship Company has been
called for January 21. - *..
The regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of 'the Humboldt Savings and Loan
Society has bf en Called for January 28.
¦ The -Spring Valley Water Company has de
clared a regularly quarterly dividend of -63
cents per share, payable January 20.' Trans
fer books will close January 9. This dividend
is at the previous rate oC about & per cent
per annum. ¦ \ -. - ¦. : v ".'.'-'¦ •
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
Evaporated Apples shows a ' somewhat stead
ier feeling owing to a better -Inquiry. Common
are quoted at, 463c: prime; O^i&G'ic; choice,
5%©6Hc;. fancy.. 6©7c. . h .
PRUNES— More slow. Prices about steady
at 3Hc=to 6%c.. - ¦ " ' ' -,
APRICOTS— A little firmer; but quiet.
Choice, 0>4@9%c; e^tra choice, 9%©10%c;
fancy, llfjlOc.
PEACHES — Quiet and firm. Choice. "7%®
7%c; extra choice. 7»i©!iVici fancy, 9Vi@10Hc
SUGAR— Raw, nominal; fair refining, 3c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%cr molasses sugar;-2%c;
refined," quiet. . • , - - ,
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE — Spot R(o, firm; Ko. 7 Invoice,
7 9-ltSc; mild, firm. The market for coffee fu
tures cloeed- barely steady, net 15@20 points
lower/ Sales, 145,000 bags, including: r Janu
ary. 7.00S7.05C; March. 7.20©7.40c; . April.
7.45©7.50c; May, 7.50®7.€5; June. 7.65©
7.75c: ' October,' 8.2Cc.' ¦ "
NEW YORK, Jan. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19.1C4; exports. 1670 'barrels. Market "quiet,
but prices were firmly held; Winter patents,
54 25g?4 50; winter straights,, |1 20@4 25; Mln
.nesota bakers'. $3 80@4. ...
. . WHEAT— Receipts. 0500 bushels: spot Ir
regular. «o. 2 red, $1 elevator and t>5o f.' p. ; b.,
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 09c f. o. b.,
afloat; No. 1 hard Mantltoba,, nominal, f. o. b.,
afloat. Options were somewhat lrreirular. all
day on conflicting war rumors, but generally
lower, closing 34c ' lower. May closed 90%c;
July. S7%c.'i .' ' ; : ¦ . 'M : • '
HOPS— Firm.
HIDBS— Firm. • . ¦
WOOL— Firm. . . '
New York Grain and Produce.
r>pen. High. Low. , Close
May $106 $1 08% $106 $106%
OATS— Are not actually higher,, but they are
firm, with dealers reporting an active demand.
Receipts and offerings are moderate. Dealers
say that the'<urrent Government order for 4000
tons Up north .will indirectly help this' market
as it means, that there .will be SO.OOQ sacks
less In that quarter from now on, and this is
a. pretty large line of. grain.
.^Xi 111^, * 1 '22?4®1 2S for California and
•1 27%©1 35 for Northern; Black $1 45@l «;5-
Red. H 20@l 32% for feed and fi 2531 S3 for
seed; Gray, $1 22^. ' • •¦ ¦
CORN— The market continues quiet. The
Chicago' letter of Gotten.- de RUyter & Co says
"The weakness- In wheat contributes, the edge
ia oft (he market and there Is a good deal of
scattered selling, both for the lens and short
account. J Local, traders.majn^tlispbsed to play
for lower prices, The "cash situation is. about
a fair, one In respect to- receipts and demand.
Political news is also likely to affect market.
We dpn't feel particularly bearish, but it has
had a pretty big advance and could easily sell
off a couple of cents."
"(Western sacked. $1 2O@l'27%; for Yellow
$1 22Vi®l 25 for White and $1 2O©1 22% for
Mixed: California large Yellow, $1 27?3eV-30'
small round do. $1 40@l 50: White, II ;i0ei 35
per ctl. Egyptian. $1 40<gfl 55 for white- and
$1 25- -for brown. . :.. ; - . .-'
RYE-r-$1.25<51 30 per. ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75^2 per ctl. . .
2 p. m. Session.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. in.
Open. High. Low. ' Close
May ....... .|l 0314 $1 Oti |t CSV, $1 t)u "
Feed, $1 10©$l 13%; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 10@l 20; Chevalier. $1 20®l 45 for fair
to choice. : ¦ ¦ » :-
. WHEAT— The markets all over the. world
continue extremely sensitive over, the war situ
ation, by which they are. largely controlled at
the moment'- A : di6patfch' from Chicago' yester
day said that, the market would break -on/peace
news, but; that the> political altuatlon- was stur
critical.. The cash situation favors th© bears.
The snow covering is more extehsivehhan hert
itofore. Minneapolis reports- large Flour sales,
•with some* for Japan. '.'-;v ; ', - : -. •'.- . ¦•?-*- «-- ;?• ;:
'There'ls'no change of any consequence In- this
market,, except .a- decline- in futures". 'C»sh
wheat rules firm, with -operators predlclinjaSi
advance if the rain holds r bff much" ' longer.^ ;> > -
' Bolton, .de Ruyt*r '*'• Co.'s ¦ Chicago-' wires
said : * tConaolsj were ; about . : •% - * lower -'¦ *nd
Broomhall reported some ...; activity ~ in English
country* markets, ."ye,t .'Liverpool 'showed "'only
dullness. There" is no more certainty regard
ing the* political outlook than 'heretofore. The
: market was, very., irregular and naturally ner
vous. After .an early decline It was all re
gained on Armour buying arid the Inipfovemerit
was lest 'later.' Outside of'the >t»rthwestern
milling '•interest -there- lilno^ cash -activity 'any
where.- : Daily.^ Trade Bulletin., estimates Ettro-
Rean stocks at 87,000,000 bushels, which. 1* 20-
COO.COO biishele ., in ¦ excess of 'a"-yea£>a.gcs. The!
world's stocksjarellherefore'not far Irom what
they were lasf yeaf. Immediate action all 'de
pends on.' the,- political news.' "Apart .from this'
the situation, does -not look to us'buiiish'.v • j
4 -''¦> cash wheat; ¦*'•.: t-rrL- -;;•;
California. XcauBS*|$l!t745«l 40:< CaHfornla!
White Australian.. $1 50@I 52 %j Northern Cltih I
$1 40@l 41 *i; .-Northern "Bluestem '.$i 60@
151U; Oregon Valley. $1 4a ' :>
.; ;. -.'"fltcres.-;, : ' -¦ 'fp s-. ?' \
. .Session ,'9T to." 11 fS0;a.m.' ; /¦' •¦' "
. • ¦" ¦ ' J Open!" ' ' High. \ - Low;" ' : close •
May ( ....:...$1»)%- $1-39% U 38%^ $1 30%
- 2 p. m. Session. -'¦ --'t->- .? . ¦'•'
Open. Hlg'h. • .Low. Close
May $138^4 $139% $133% $1 39U
BARLEY— The, present course of. the market
is a puzzle to the oldest operators In the street.
With Oats, Hay- and' Feedstuff s high • and In
brisk demand, the rain holding off and a north
wind blowing ovBr-a large part of the "State,
the market ought to be active and firm, where
as It Is quiet, with futures actually lower. , In
addition, receipts have been light' since the
large deliveries on- December contracts.' The
only cause for; the dullness aiid easiness- eeems
to be the slowness of' the,: demand, but >.even'
this perplexes operators/ "i-i :
CASH . BARLET! ' -.'»*;
W.hcai: and Other Grains.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 7.— Call loans opened at
3 per cent and closed at 2% per cent. :
I The firmness In Butter if increasing. Stocks
have-' become, materially reduced and are ndw
mod^rate./whlle ¦ the- demand has ¦ proportlan
ately;lmprov«d.-.The'market is ; In better shape
for sellers' than for ». some -weeks."' ¦^'7 J
• The', depression in Cheese- continues.' Stocks
are Just- as excessive as ever and close buyer?
Can' obtain, concessions from' the quotations.*
. Eegfc continue to "shade oft and no longer
bring 35c except In a «mall retail way — a «bi
gle case ata'tlme.- with free delivery* or long
time, of" some other privilege attached to thd
aalef Stocks continue to increase *16wly and
the demand Is slack. s "''¦¦'¦' '¦ *
- Receipts were ltl.500 lbs Butter, 757 cases
Eggs and 30,500. lbs Cheese; ¦ •- * » '
; BUTTER— CreatneoV 2»€26c-for extras and
22024c itor-s««ond«>.4alry. 17@23c; store" But
ter^nbminal; cold storage, ' 18®22e per lb for
ordinary and 22%©24c for extras. -^ . <
- CHEESE— 12c tor the general market, 12%©
13c—for*wrtecT-Trittd-Hew and W# lie- for lower
grades;. Young Americas, 13@14c; Eastern, 1S%
(glO'tcj Westem."'14«15c-per rb.^» v^-' " * !
»- EGGS — Ranch. 32fi34c for choice and 2SQ31c
tor* small- -'and- mixed colors; "store. 27Mi<SF
30c;' cold storage. 24j527c; Eastern, 24&23c tor
Isold; storage.' •'? ' ."¦¦ """ " i
Butter, pheese 'and' Eggs, h
Sterling Exchange ia higher. Domestic is
firm, but unchanged.
The Siberia took out a treasure list of $419,
492. conslstlngVftt $68,033 -In Mexican dollars
and $4410 In gold ccrtn for Hongkong and $250,
000 In Mexican 'dollars and $97,OuO In silver
bullion for'Hiogo.-- "¦- i\ '.„ j. ., ¦; :
Sterling -.Exchange,- sUty •days...?: -— ' ,$4 §2%
Sterling Exchange, ; 'sight ."!'.. :.'/••• — 4 85%
Sterling Eiohange, • cables. .-. .-.V. ,;,".~.: .4' SH.%
New York ' Exchange.- "«ight ¦> w. ..* .— rv ; .10 ,
New York .Exchange, telegraphic — 15 ':
Silver, per-'ounce .:..'.. .-.i.'.".. —"-'67*4'
Mexican Dollars, "nominal ...».., .44 -@ 45 \ :
Exchange and Bullion.
¦F:rst Asparagus comes iti from the Sacramento River.
English consols lower than since 1866.
"Nczv York stock market sensitive over the -juar situation.
¦Local stocks and bonds still quiet and featureless. r
.¦¦¦-.. .
Mtmng. stocks active and much higher. ,
SMpmait of $419,492 in specie to the Orient.
Continued advance in Sterling Exchange. OtJwr rates unchanged,
Call money hrv and plentiful in Nczv York.
Wlicat and Barley futures lower and cash Barley weak.
Qats iinn and selling off briskly. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Govcnunent reported to want 1000 tons more of Hay for Manila.
'Hay still higher. Bran and Middlings very firm.
Beans quiet but very firm, owing to the dry weather.
Butter moving up and Eggs and Cheese down.
'Nothing new in Dried Fruits and Raisins.
Provisions break at Chicago, with the packers selling.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Nothitig new in live or dressed Meats.
Potatoes showing more steadtness. Onions firm.
Southern Vegetables in light supply and advancing.
Six cars of I Vest cm Poultry in thus far this week. ¦
.Game coming in freely, but no lower.
Fresh Fruit trade still checked bv cold zvcathcr.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
¦ The rate of discount in the open market for
short billte is 3^Qf3% per cent and for three
'months'- bills 3f»i?3% per cent.. ¦
Do 1st pfd 69% U S. Steel ....... 10^
Do2dprd:. 4K% D4 pfd 57%
III Central 134 Wabash 19%
Louis & Nash 110 Do pfd 30%
.Mo. Kins 4 T... 17
' ' Bar silver — Steady, 26 13-lGd per ounce.
Money — 2%@3% per cent: j-
Cons for money. 67*4iJI Y Central ....122V4
Do fpr acct.... 87H Nor& West 57%
Anaconda 3% I Do pfd 90
Atchlson 6S% Ont & West..... ?l%
Do pfd 01 h Pennsylvania .... 60&
Bal A Ohio" .... 79% Rand Mines ..... 9.,
Can Pacific- 11954 Reading .... 22U
Ches, &. Ohio 33 Do l£t pfd 40 T
Chi Great W.... 15?; Do M pfd 28%
Cht MJ1 & St P.146 t So Railway 2O
D« Beers 19»i! Do pfd 80%
Den & Rio G 20% So Pacific .. 48^
•Do pfd .... 70% Union Pacific .,. 79%
Erie : 28% j Do pfd 91%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
SEATTLE, Jan. 6.— Clearings, $776,608; bal
ances, $2S1,347. '
TACOMA. J[an. 7.— Clearings. $358,613; bal
ances. $67,831.'-- ¦""- '-" '¦ ' r ¦'- '¦ s ; '
PORTLAND, Jan. 7. — Clearings, $730,082;
balances, S158,32tt. • ' '•"? "¦¦' -¦
SPOKANE. Jan. 7. — Clearings, $457,051; bal
ances. $.76,297. ¦ :
Northern .Business.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 22®25c per lb;
live Turkeys, l»®21c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2#2 255-' Goslings. $262 25: Ducks. »3<3U
per doten for old and $6@7 for young; Hens.
$6@6 SO- for I larre - and - $4 50-35 ! for small:
young Boosters. $5 SOQtS; Old Koosters. $585 50;
Fryers.- $4 50«5;< Broilers. $i 6O®5 for larga
and $3 5OS4 Jor small: Plseong. $1$1 25 per
dozen for. old and $2 23^2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. $3@4 -per doten;
CanVasback. $3©5; Sprig/ $2^2 50; Teal, $1 75
©2; Widgeon.- $1 60; small Duck». $1'28: Gray
Geese, ' $3©3 50; White -Geese, -75ce*I 25:
Brant. $1 25 for- small and $2 . . for '• .-. larg« ;
Honkers. $5 ' for : targe ¦ and • $4 • for. small: Eng
lish" "Srilpe s $3; common Snipe,'/ $1' 50; Wild
Doves ' $1 '25t-*RabWts. • 12 = for* Cottontails aid
flBQ'ror BrusU; Hare. |1 2301' 60.- '. •; {
¦ Game arrived freely and met with a sluggish
demand. Prices,- however, were no lower, as
the cold weather gives the birds keeping qual
ities and " dealers . were ¦ not . inclined to force
sales. '¦-- ¦—-.¦¦ : r-. ' \ ¦¦ '¦-' .¦"¦-' -- ¦
The sixth car of; Western Poultry was on
sale and moved oft well at steady prices. The
market- -for domestic stock •fc-as easier, 'but as
receipts were light prices were well sustained.
Fine large you ns stock and- good 'heavy Hens
sold. weU . enough, but second-class stock was
dull^ Receipts of dressed Turkeys were about
Sfi. cases'. ..The. market. ruled .firm despite the
heavy Increase in the receipts, and everything
cleaned up at good prices. Live were In lim
ited supply and • firmer ": in sympathy with
dressed.*' r. ? • ¦¦- ¦'-- ~ -" "' - ¦. . '•
poultry and Game.
] RED AND WHITE L.EAI>— Red Lead. «ty$
"e cer IbJ Whit* Lead. ««4ff7c.' according to
QURntlty. ' . .-. ' L : -.
SUGAR — The "Western Sucar Reftnln* Com
pany quotes as follows, per 1b. In 100-lb bars:
Cubes, -A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.66c:
Powdered. 5.50c; Candr Granulated, 5.50c: Dry
Granulated/ fine. B.4flc; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6.40c;' yrulfGranulated. 5.40c:' Beet Granu
lated flOQ-lb baa-s only). 5.30c: Confectioners'
A. R.40c:^Mamoll* A. 5c: >JEhrtra'iC>. 4.00c:
Golden C. 4.S0c: "D." 4.70c; barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 23o~* more: boxes. 6Oe more: 50-lb
.bars, 10c more for all kind*. Tablets — Half'
Barrels? : 5.00c: boxe.s.- 6.13c: H. & f E, Crystal
Dornlnos.. 8.40c -per lb.~ No orders taken (fir
less" than seventy 'five barrels or* Its' equivalent.
'*-¦ *¦•* Receipts of Produce,
• »j >FQR fTHVnSTfAT. JANUARY 7.
' Flour O.r ska .. 13.«MlShorts aks..... 32S
' Wfteat, ctls\'... 14.24B Tallow. ¦*.'ctI«*'.V ¦ 223
" Barley. ctt» . . .: 88.33$ Cnleory bWi.. . > :l 10
CorniCEasOi ctls 500 Hide*. . NO. ; 8.15
Beans, aks ..... 606 Pelts. No." ..'... 90
Potatoes. ¦ sks ... 4,888 Leather, rolls.-.. - 45
Onions, ska .... •-34Ltme - W>is~:.,.. 817
Bran, sks 1.3<*> Paper, reams . . j 820
Mlddllh**. sk«..- • 453 Oateksllver -flits 1«T
Hay> tons -a... -232 Win*, gait .7.* 4R.03O
t Wool. r bales .... v -82 prandrj ea|» '.. 8.SC0
¦ , . WASHINGTON. ;
Flour, qr sks .. R.WC! Screenings, sks. 6C3
, Oats, ctls ..... 2.R21 1 Shorts, ) ska" T. .': 2.500
Calry chop. sks. MOl * - * ' * '
add 5c Linseed. 45c per gallon (or boiled and
43c for raw; Castor -Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c:
Baker*' A A. $1:1061 12; Lucol. 44c. for boiled
and 42c (or raw; China Xut, A0t?70e per gallon;
Cocoanut OH. in barrels.* 88e for Ceylon and '53c
for Australian; extra, bleached winter Sperm
Oil.' SOe : natural "winter ripen* Oil; ?5c; r extra
bleached Winter Whale OD. : 65c; natural Whale
Oil.- 60c; «tra. winter st mined Lard Oil. f.Vc:
No. 1 T^rd OIL *75cr pure Neatafoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: lljtht Herring OH. 49c:
dark Herring Oil. 43e; Salmon Oil. 38c: boiled
Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled Paint
Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil. S3c-
COAL. OIL— Water ryhlU Coal Oil
In bulk. 13c: Pearl Otl In e*»es, 21Hc; Astral.
2mc; Star. 21t»e: J&xtn. Star; 25 tie: Elaine.
27Vic: Kocene. 2<HC:-deo<lorTxeil Stove* Giadlne,
in bulk. 17c: in cases, Z3%c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c: ; In cases, l&ttci 86-degrree Gasoline.* In
bulk. 25c: ln 4 cases. 3le. "
TURPENTINE— S0cp«r gallon In cuts and
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
73c; bluestem.* 79080c; valley, 78c The clear
ances of- wheat ; from- thia port for the, week
ending to-day were 14,933 bushels. • ' ' "-, '
VA a ¦V^A§HIIJGTQN. . ,, I
TACOMA, Jan. 7.— WJHEAT— Bluestem^, 80c;
Club. 76c. • <:¦¦•-••-:'.¦. .;;• . -;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, JANUARY 8, 1904.
STOCK MARKET.
' BAGS — Grain Bags. o<§o%c; San Quentln.
6.56c: "Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7^0
8c. "-¦ ¦••¦-" ¦' '• ¦ '• •¦ '•••-¦;¦';- '", i> ;. v ¦ .; "" "- * --;.
COAL— Wellington, . $s per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle.- $6 SO; Bryant. $8 50; IJea
ver Hlllr,$5 SO:- Standard. $7; " Roslyn. $7;
Coos Bay. *5 50: Greta. 17; Wallsend. 97: Rich
mond. ¦ $7 BO: . Cumberland. $1.1 In bulk and
$14 SS In sacks: Pennsylvania-Anthracite Exs.
*14; Welsh Anthracite Eicgr. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 60; Cannel. • $8 8» per ton: Coke. $11 W>!>
13 per ton In -bulk- and $15 In sacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 RO-per long 5 ton.' according to brand. ' ¦ ' . ¦
' OIL<S— Quotations are' for barrels:' for cases.
General Merchandise.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
ADCTIQN SALES
VQuickest-r^The Highest Returns,"*
Bakery and Coffee ' Parlor— a snap.'. . . . *10O CO
18-room LodgtaK-Hcnise. clears *83. .. $203 00
Grocery, doing- a business of $30 per
day V..-;..-.:..:; $(O5 co
12-room house on. Geary st $790 00
Candy and Ice-cream plant; country... $1,850 00
160 acres ot fruit land. $10 ter acre.
AirDESSOW. TIjo Anctloneer,
Room 28. SOS MARKET ST.
TeLMarn 1S52. - Correspondence solicited.
f'PLACE YOIJB OBDERS "EARLY
lT H 20thCENTURY|
1 COOK BOOK I
Another shipment will
arrive about Jannary 21,
1904.
In order N to satisfy the
demand for this premium
we have ordered another
carload of ' these books,
and all persons sending to
" The Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a six.
months', . subscription to
. The ' Dally and Sunday
Can may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium
rate of 50c
" Oai-oMoia si&seribirt sissii remit
20s iddiiunl ta prepay irinsjurfitiai.^DES MOINES^ Iowa,' Jan. .7.— H. Fraze«. an
electrical worllw, • has . been . found • responsible
for the. 5300,000! fire at the. State i Capitol,- he
havlnx .drorpedva lighted candle. . Hewiii not
be j prosecuted. ...i:.J: ¦'.::.., ;.
Calif omians i in New
NEW YORK., Jan. T.-^-Thes follow
ing Califbrnians -/are in New.' York:
From San^ Francisco: . A. 1 - R: Fisher
and J. . E. ' Gatins Jr.,'at . theW York:
M. Ysern . and • wife, 0 at -?the^'> Grand
Union; Herbert, at the
tholomew; and D. E. O'Conneli; : .at the
Navarre.- 1 : ->!*r.'-.f, .. •-. . ..".''r.'-.- .- ;
Register for Coming Elections.
George P. 'Adams, Registrar; of Vot
ers, has issued the following * notice
to voters: "Every citizen; in border, /to
be entitled 1 to vote at the coming' elec
tions must register at once." AH'pre
vious registrations "canceled: ,'iRegis
tration for the primary election'to be
held May 3, closes :"Aprll: 13,
1904. Registration .for 'the primary
election , to be held August- 9, 1904,
closes July 20, 1904.' Registration for
the Presidential- election to : be : held
November' 8,vl904, closes; September
2s, 1904." •¦-- s-.' •:. •¦ -,'r : ; ';^r-;v-v s.-,
. Some very swell weddlnz Invitations .com*
from Knowlps. 24 Second street. Main SUS. • *
TRJNIDAD. Colo..' Jan.- "^'.'Mother*- Jones
is 111 -with pneumonia at. her hotel . here. Her
condition Is said to be critical. '; ¦ •"; - '-
ADAMS', Jrtsh- \Mosa CoukK Dalaam htlp s
from the. first dose, cures In a day. L'3c, 50c. *
Dr. Washington Dodge, Assessor of
the City and County of San Francisco,
returned from his Eastern -trip yester
day. • -'. -;, .'¦-.'¦ : -
Bank Commissioner Henry; Silver
arrived from the southern : part 'of the
State yesterday and is. staying -at 'the
Palace. • . C . .
Dr. Peter Hoyle and wife of Banla
Cruz are at the Palace.
H. K. . Delafleld. a merchant of Se
attle, is at the California. . -,
. Dr. William Lewis of Los Angeles
is at the Grand. , • .';
Rev. W; H. Stoy of Marysville is
registered at the Occidental. •
Dr. J. W. Robertson and family of
Livermore are registered at the Cali
fornia. .,
PERSONAL.
Assigns Courtroom* to Dorn.
The Supervisors' . Building Commit
tee yesterday recommended that ¦ .the
court, rooms' formerly occupied by ex-
Juatlce of the Peace Long: be formally
assigned' to Walter E.' Dorn,.- who was
appointed to; succeed Long '.by the
Board of Supervisors. ;, : '.-..':' -;
. -The .February Delineator is a magazine of
uncommon Interest and value. • Its stories, ar
ticles and pictures are* excellent, and the re
view of the fashions. Jncludlng a letter from-
Hrs. Osborn,- thorough and enlightening.- More
than sixty winter -modes are depicted. In, fic
tion there Is a mystical .tale, entitled "The
Sliver Boat,", by Albert^ Blgelow Paine:' a
strong* love story, from the Pacific by Ednah
Proctor Clarke: "The Wooing, of Tia." and. u
dellghtful«mld<lle-age romance by L. M. Mont
gomery; alfio a chapter of the '/Evolution of a
Club Woman." the much discussed serial by
Agnes Surbridee. The home life -of Calve,
the ' mwt Interesting personality among the
favorites of' the opera. Is. described in a re
markably Illustrated article - by Percy Mitch
ell..-A serious paper on '"The" Cultivation of
Ideals," by Lillie Hamilton French, will - be
cenerally enjoyed, and. collectors of antiques
eppecially- will be InterestPd in "The Quest of
noxanc," by l-'rances ' KobertB. Dr. Grace
Peckham . Murray's article -. on the care of the
complexion meets tin urgent need for Ju«t such
a scientific treatise 1 simply and enllshtenlngly
preeented. , In addition there are, many good
things for the. children and -for women of all
age« timely information on a variety «f topics.
The February Delineator.
The San Francisco Architectural Club
elected the -following officers last^night:
EarlB. Scfttt/ president; H. Schiffauer,
vice president;. William Crim Jr., di
rector, v ,~.- v " *. •. ¦. ¦ ¦-. .¦': ,¦ •
Architectural dob's. Officers.
The stockholders by unanimous
vote re-elected the following officers-
President, T. J. Welsh; vice president,
C. A. Malm; treasurer/ A,: J.; Merle;
secretary. A. Sbarboro; attorney, D.
Freidenrich; at-jistant secretary, A.
JR. Sbarboro: . directors ' (in addition
to the foregoing): G. B.\ Cevasco-
James K. Barry, G. de Luca'and P
C. Rossi.
Secretary Sbarboro was instructed
to open his books for the issuance of
1000 shares of stock of the sixteenth
series. ¦ " •* .
The stockholders of the San?Fran
cisco and Oakland Mutual Loan As
sociation held their fifteenth • annual
meeting at the offlce of Secretary A.
Sbarboro yesterday. The secretary
read his annual report, from which it
was shown that in fifteen' years the
association had assisted '267 /of its
members to procure homes for. their
families by payment 01 small monthly
installments, which aggregated'%457,
0U0. Of this number . releases • have
been granted to 231 families, aggre
gating $372,000, thus leaving now
only thirty-six mortgaged homes, ng
gregating $85,200. These are also
rapidly paying up, and will in due
time receive a release of mortgage.
In addition to this a large. number
of young wage-earners, by the ' pay
ment of small monthly installments,
varying from $5 to $50 per month,
have in a few years accumulated by
their thrift and frugality quite a large
amount. The amount paid -out to
withdrawn members for the past .fif
teen years has been. $521,640 88; 'in
cluding $90,320 38 interest,' which has
averaged more than 7 per cent per
annum. j - > v - ¦':¦
Loan Association Holds Annual
Meeting.
San Francisco anil Oakland Mutual
OFFICERS ARI3 ELECTED
AXD .REPORTS RECEIVED
SAX JOSE, Jan. 7. — Fire In the Unitarian
church to-day destroyed valuable manuscripts of
the Rev. B. Fay Mills that represent the result
cf several years of study and labor, Alto
gether &00 manuscripts were destroyed. The
fire started in a room while he was In a studio
below. The damage to the church was slight.
Gas ranges 511 and upward, heaters
$1.50 at San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company. 415 Post street. •
There was a meeting of the extension
committee of the Outdoor Art League
yesterday afternoon. Bruce Porter's
plan for decorating the Mission Do
lores section of the city was discussed
and it was decided to plant trees on
Fifteenth. Sixteenth and Seventeenth
streets and also to decorate the pro
posed statue of Junlpero Serra.
In Honor of Junipcro Scrra.
Ladies should take advantage of the
S2S.O0O cloak and suit sale to-day and
to-morrow. All the 525 and $20 suits
are selling for $10 at Baron's Cloak and
Suit House. 7S2 Market street. •
$25,000 Iindlcs' Suit Sale.
Mr. and. Mrs.' William duff will give
a- dinner to-night to thirty-four guests
at .the Palace In honor of, their daugh
ter. Miss Mabel Cluff, and her -fiance.
Jack Wilson. ' \ • ¦
- Miss Maud O'Connor entertained sev
eral : friends at luncheon yesterday at
the University. Club. ¦• . V
.The regular monthly meeting of th»
California "State j Floral Society will
take place at Central Hall, 223' Sutter
street. . to-day at 2- o'clock. Directors
will meetat 1:30.. Dr. Arthur L. Emery
will address the. society on. "Fertilizers
for the Garden; -What They Are and
How to Use Them;". . . .
The -Daughters of California Pioneers
will plant a. sequoia in Golden- Gate
Park in Historical' Valley on Saturday,
January 9, . at 11 :30 a. • m. Members
will enter the gate at the terminus of
the McAllister, street line. -
The • Gerstle lihjcheon yesterday . was
a delightful aftalrfor the merry maids
who filled the roles In '."My Colorado
Belle.".-' The affair was given primarily
In honor of 'Miss Constance de : Young,
the debutante,* and a right good time
th^y had.. The luncheon will long be
remembered . as . a particularly smart
affair. -• ¦'.-¦'• .' ¦
The announcement of the- marriage
of Miss Caroline Rixford and Covlngton
Johnson was inadvertently stated to be
the 8th. The' date lathe ISth. .">;;
•Mrs.. A". B. Costigan was hostess yes
terday at a" luncheon at the St. Dun
stan in-' honor of the charming
Miss Margaret .Wilson . of Baltimore.
The guests who sat about the Jonquil
laden table were Mrs. Henry Foster
Dutton. Mrs. Ritchie Dunn, Mrs. Alfred
Baker Spalding. Mrs. John D. Spreckete
Jr., Mrs.. Silas Palmer, Miss Charlotte
Ellinwood, Miss Lade King. Miss Mar
garet Alee, Miss Bertha . Dolbeer. Miss
Katharine Dillon. Miss Emily Wilson,
Miss Genevleve King, Miss Gertrude
Dutton, Miss Edith Simpson, Miss
Ethel Cooper and Miss Helen de Young.
j? Mrs, Morgan's tea yesterday in honor
of her. visiting, daughter. Mrs. 'Al
phonse'Pellew, was one of the .impor
tant'affairs'of the. eventful day.. Re
ceiving with Mrs. Morgan were Mrs.
Benjamin Field. Mrs. Charles Farrell,
Mrs. H. L. E. Meyer Jr., Mrs. George
Hendry, Miss Anita Meyer, Miss Tibbie
Taylor, 'Miss Laura Taylor. Miss Amy
Gunn,- Miss Ella Porter,. Miss Winifred
Mears, 'Miss Gertrude Campbell and
Miss Emily Fish.
The ball given last night by Dr. Gib
bons in honor; of his daughter, Miss
Florence Gibbons, was a brilliant-af
fair, for the expectant debutantes. The
function was the occasion of the formal
presentation of the young daughter of
the house to the social set, and a ra
diantly good time was the keynote of
the hour. . , ' ...
Mrs. John F. Swift. Mrs. Norris and
the fair debutante. . Miss Bailey, held
their first "at home" yesterday. A large
number of visitors called . during the
fashionable hours at the old family
residence on Valencia street.
Mrs. Ferdinand . Stevenson - was
hostess at a large tea yesterday at her
artistic new home in honor of the
lovely Miss Newell - Drown, the debu
tante. A . profusion of, cut • flowers
adorned'/ the rooms, while a curious
Oriental lamp gave forth a wealth of
ruddy light,.. ¦ . ,
Receiving with, the fair bride were
Mrs. Robert Lee Stephenson, Miss Ber
nie Drown. Misa Stella Kane, Miss Lu
cie King, Miss Ethel Cooper. Miss Mar
garet Sinclair and Miss Gertrude Van
Wyck. ¦ . '
Yesterday was - society's busy day.
Miss May • Colbiirn entertained, her
hosts of friends-rand they are legion—
at a tea in honor of the popular Mrs.
Harry Macfarlane of ' Honolulu. Red
roses lent a warm, glow to the love
feast, to-.which^many of the old friends
of the honored guest were bidden. The
following assisted in receiving:
Mrs. Gerrit Livingston Lansing, Mrs.
Henry Foster Dutton, Mrs. Thomas
Benton Darragh, . Mrs. Elizabeth Cole,
Miss Elsie Sperry, Miss Frances Har
ris, Miss Sophie Borel, Miss Alice Borel,
Miss Jane Wilshire, Miss Elsie Dorr
and Miss Florence Bailey.
SEVERAL TEAS
KEEP SOCIETY
ON QUI VIVE
. Mr. Wilcox will serve as -agent for
the entire State when he assumes his
new duties. He will make his .-head
quarters in this city, but much of his
time will be spent in traveling about
to the other towns »nd inspecting the
work of the various branches -of the
association. One of his first duties will
be in connection with the new building
soon to be erected in Los Ajigeles It
is to cost 5350,000 and will be one of
the handsomest structures of its kind
in the, country. .
B. B. Wilcox of Chicago, will arrive
in this, city within the next/ few days
to assume the duties of. State. secretary
of the Toung Men's Christian:Associa
tion of California. Mr. -rWilcox /was
formerly associate State, secretary/ of
the.Y. M. C. A. in Illinois,-with/head
quarters in Chicago. He is one of the
best known Y. M. C. A. leaders '-'-"in
America and has worked in- the interest
of the assocTation for many, years.: As
soon as he arrives in this city Mr.
Wilcox will inaugurate a, new. line of
work for this State and it Is expected
that his efforts will be of great benefit
to the "association. ?s ¦ - .-' ;
B. B.Wilcox Appqinted
Secretary ior^Cal-l '..\
ifornia. *
Lane also rendered an opinion that
where the budget- has made separate
appropriations for salaries, and ex
penses the. t\vo ; ite.ms cannot be united
and - c-ne-twe!fth . of ,the I total , be ex
pended in one month. _The opinion af
fects the Fire Commission, which want
ed to' draw on the expense account to
pay salaries. . .
In another opinion Lane advises the
Civil Service Commission that there is
nothing to prevent the holding of an
examinatic-n of police patrol drivers,
an injunction thereon having been dis
solved. * - v -
] Lane : also filed an opinion that in
asmuch as the, city- has proceeded upon
the theory that all of the property of
the United Railroads within the limits
of San Francisco is subject to assess
ment by the, local Assessor he advises
against any action which will in any
way recognize or appear to recognize
the right, of the State Board of Equal
ization to assess such property. Lane
says that -the proposed ordinance de
claring the; length of the main track
and -the mllease, assessment of the
United Railroads ; would be in conflict
wlth?€he* city's position. ',
Lane also. advised the board that the
city Is liable under the law for the sup'
port-of feeble minded children: commit
ted from this city, and. county where
the commitment .has- been. made in ac
cordance with law. ; .
RAILROAD ASSESSMENT.
."*""In i cl6"sing/my. official relation with
the municipality. I ; wish to acknowledge
;the services rendered to the city by the
members \' of . niy official staff, all jj of
whom' I-am- pleased to say have been
with me throughout 'the full five' years
of; my Incumbency., ;To n the ability and
the .unswerving loyalty to the cityj of
George WhitfleldLane, JTirst Assistant;
W. I. Brobeck, Second Assistant; Hugo
K.-AsheV; 'Third Assistant; Walter E.
Dorn, Fourth 'Assistant; R. M.. Sima,
Fifth .Assistant; Harry R. . White,
clerk; P. Allen Joy, messenger, and Of
ficer , Hawes, . detailed from . the Police
Department, are due in small meas
ure whatever of success and good for
tune have been the portion of this de
partmentof the t city government for
the time .we have been together. ;
.."And. it \is "a: matter of no slight sat
isfaction-that'I leave the offlce to one
who will,' I fully trust, prove both an
horiestand. faithful official, whose sin
cere and steadfast effort it will be, to
uphold the new charter, the organic
law of the municipality, and for Mr.,
Long I besDeak that full measure of
your confidence -which has always been
given^me." ,. •
.. ; City /Attorney Lane yesterday filed a
Statement '. .with "the Board -of Super
visors ; showing " the -character and
status of 'the, 450; cases how "in his office
tor "the ''convenience of .his successor,
Percy. Long,, and' the 'Information of the
municipal « departmerits.;. liahe's . . com
munication,- in, which I he pays a glow
ing' tribute ;'td • his associates \ in ' offlce,
is as follows:','., •.",. .
/"Included 1 , in this /statement also is
refe*isence -to ' the various: adjudications
had; upon- questions touching, the prop
erty. Interests \ of ; the city, and . county
and' the' rights, powers, duties ,ahd ob
ligations ; of its officials/Upon exami
nation: of, this statement it- will be seen
.that- the great body of .'the cases pend
ing : to. which the city [ and county is a
party may .be- grouped into- a few
classes, in . each of which class a test
case has already been tried in the lower
courts: ; For, instance, 142 cases involve
the taxation of national bank. stock,
and a * test case is now ready for argu-.
;ment in 'the .United' States Supreme
Court; ,95 cases involve the validity of
the special; tax levy" for school buildings
and; hospitals, arid a t«st case is ready
to',be'appealed to the Supreme Court of
State:. / ;>;/•; / :: ; . ". ;'
' KIND * WORDS ; FOR LONG.
The intimate ' relations that existed
between Mrs. Bowers- and; Patrick
Lervy," a ' laborer, for six • ¦ or • - seven
months prior to " the death of her hus
band will' also form part of the case for
the prosecution. The I testimony at i the
preliminary hearing showed that they
frequented different saloons in the
neighborhood of her home together and
were carousing on the night prior to
Bowers' death and the night after. •
Mrs. Sutton was ¦ also charged with
murder, "but at. the preliminary hearing
before Police Judge Cabaniss she was
discharged. She sat 'beside her. sister
all day yesterday. , ... —
CAI1OUSKS WITH LERVY.
When the- contents of the -stomach
were. analyzed' four grams /of arsenic
were found, more than enough to kill
a: man. The police discovered that on
August'20 a woman called with a pre
scription^ at ; a drug store at 301 Fifth
street. IV called; for arsenlc,./wlthout
specifying the. quantity and purported
to be signed "McLaughlin; M.'D." '-' J.
t_. Peterson, the drug clerk, gave, the
woman an , ounce of ? ar.senic . .and he
claimed that she was Mrs. Zylphia. Sut
ton,,a sister' of Mrs. Bowers. ¦; Hand
writing experts alleged that the hapd
writing . on the prescription . was • that
of Mrs. powers,. Dr. McLaughlin hay
ing _denied signing it, and. the police
claimed '.to- have found 'a .notebook in
Mrs. Bowers' house from which the: leaf
on which the . prescription was written
was torn.; . ' : '. ,' .- ' -\ • , '
On July ; 6 u Dr. Alfred ' Mclaughlin
took charge of the patient and attend
ed him till August'24, the day. before' he
died. . During the time he was sick' the
patient 1 was removed to the Waldeck
Sanatorium and showed marked signs
of improvement. He : was ; taken back
to his home at the request of his wife
and the bad symptoms again, developed.
On the morning, of August -25 Bowers
was removed J to the j German Hospital
and- expired *-in a-few hours. ,- .
.The case has' attracted widespread
attention. . It is claimed by the prose
cution 'that. Mrs. Bowers caused her
husband's death by giving him arsenic. i
Bowers; who was. a bridge builder,? and
his jwlte lived at 370 j Clementina street.
On June;5'Dr. Carl W. von Tiedemann 1
was called in to attend Bowers and he
diagnosed; the symptoms as. those of
ptomaine poisoning caused by Bowers
partaking of, ham that'was alleged. to
have been unfit for. food. Dr. John F.
Dillon was --called In on June. 11 and he
diagnosed ;the trouble as gastritis.
\- SIGNS .OP; IMPROVEMENT.
' The task ; of : impaneling: a Jury to try
the case of .Mrs.; Martha j E. : Bowers, :
'charged'.with the- murder of her hus
band; 1 Martin ' L.' Bowers, '.was. com
menced in Judge. Cook's court yester
day.- The defendant is represented by ;
Attorneys Frank L.. Drury and' Hugh
J. ,McIsaac;and,the. people, by. District
'Attorney, Byington and Assistant ,Dis-'
trict Attorney- Ashe. When court ad
journed, nine, jurors :had been' accepted
a'nd'a's the' venire was exhausted a neW|
venire was ordered"and the. case con
tinued" till* Monday morning. .. The
jurors' accepted are Robert Haight,~-310
Valencia street; "John H.- Brown, 841
Steiner street; A. Gilbert, 513 Union
street ; H. .Hargrove, . 41 V Perry street ;
Fred \.W.» Meussdorfer, - 328 , Kearny
street: : Walter A.-Linforth.' 801 Market
street; John Murphy,. 1637 Golden v Gate
avenue; . John T. Welby, ] 445 Tehama
street; Moses Ephraim, 1314.. Fulton
street. • • . • • < - ¦;- •; ; ¦ '¦: 1
The court also made an order direct
ing the executors to turn over to Ignatz
Steinhart forty-two shares of stock in
the Pacific Coast . Redwood Company
valued at $4200, claimed by Steinhart to
have been held in trust for the Navarro
Investment Company by the deceased.
Steinhart, through his attorney. Matt
Sullivan, agreed to furnish a bond for
the safekeeDing of the stock until the
validity of his claim was determined.
A motion to continue the hearing of
Andrew J. Clunle's j petition for, partial
distribution to him of- his Interest in
the estate .of ' his. -brother,', the late
Thomas J. Clunie, made by former
Judge Charles W/ Slack, the 'repre
sentative of Florence Clunie, widow, of
the decedent, raised a storm in the Pro
bate Court, where the motion was made
yesterdaSy. It aroused the' ire of An
drew Clunie' and 'caused- him to make
the announcement' that .he believed an
effort was being made to stipulate him
out of court andrto prevent" him from
taking part in the! management of the
estate that he, as one or\ the executors
of his brother's, will should take. He
protested vigorously ' against the con
tinuance, but- the court- saw fit to place
credence In Slack's statement that an
endeavor was being made' to effect a
compromise of >the contest waged by
the widow and set the matter, over un
til next Monday at . 4 , o'clock/
"At that time," said . Slack, "I' expect
to be enabled . to ,- announce v that the
present difficulties: will; be settled."
The wordy' war was -precipitated at
the very commencement of the hearing.
Slack asked for a continuance as soon
as the case was .called. 1 ""Efforts to
compromise this matter* .are, rbeing
made," he said, "and if the case is put
over a few days the compromise will, I
am sure, be effected.- In 'fact r know
to a certainty that .two of the execu
tors of- the. Clunie V.wiU' favor settling
the matter this way."
"I- object to any c#ntlnuance," said
Clunie. "I am an executorof ,the will
and I know nothing of any compromise.
This looks like an attempt of the other
two executors, Mr. White and Mr.
Brldgeford, to side with, the widow
against me." --
Former Supreme . Justice' Garoutte
and Attorney Charles J. Heggerty,
Clunie's legal representatives, also ob
jected to the continuance on the ground
that they knew nothing of any peace ;
negotiations, . but the court granted
Slack's request and set the'matter over.
Owing to the indisposition of Baron
ess von Horst she was unable to see
an interviewer last evening, and the
Baron supplied the details of the rob
bery. He stated that the Jewels, among
which were several Invaluable heir
looms, had been taken from the Baron
ess' trunk in their apartments. Ac
cording to the Baron, the Jewels were
kept in a jewel, case in the trunk, and
the key was secreted in a hiding place
known only to himself and wife. The
Baroness first became aware of her
loss upon discovering that her j purse
was missing and, suspecting that some
thing was wrong, opened the trunk to
find that the jewel case had been rifled
of its precious contents.
The thief was undoubtedly aware of
the hiding place of the key to the trunk,
as the lock was found intact. It is
the opinion of the Baron that the trunk
was opened, the booty secured and the
thief then locked It and replaced the
key in its hiding place. When asked
whether he suspected any one of the
crime. Baron von Horst stated that he
had the greatest cc-nfidence in the abil
ity of the American detectives and had
placed the matter entirely in their
hands. Baroness von Horst arrived in
this city from her London home on
Christmas and has been seen at many
society functions since her arrival.
The robbery is supposed to have tak
en place some time during Wednesday
night. The most valuable jewelry stol
en, according to the pcrlice report, is
a diamond and pearl pendant, a cres
cent brooch, lizard pin, gold marquise
ring, gold turquoise ring, diamond ring
and foreign coins valued at 5150.
A robbery of considerable magnitude
has been reported to the police by-
Baron von Horst, residing at the Colo
nial Hotel, corner of Pine and Jones
streets, and the detectives are endeav
oring: to find a clew to the perpetrators
and a trace of the stolen jewelry. Ac
cording to the Baron, his loss will
amount to 510,000, but the official re
port of Detectives Harper and Arm
strong fixes the valuation of the stolen
articles at $5S5.
Aid vises Supervisors Against
.^Recognizing Right of State
Equalization Boafd to Assess
Is Accused sof * Causing the
Death Her Husband by Ad
; ; niinisteriiig • Arsenic to : Him
Crooks Discover Hiding Place
of Valuable Jewelry and
Make Away With Booty
Brother of the : Deceased Ob
jects on the Ground That
He lias Not Been Consulted
TWO EXECUTORS WILLING
GE3IS STOLEN FROM TRUNK
SUBMLTS ' LAST ; . OPINIONS
M3TREE -M0BE ARE NEEDED
City Attorney 'Lane Files a
. Statement J>Vitli the Board of
Supervisors Before Retiring
Jury ... Being -to
. the: Case- of -Mrs. 3fartha E.
- Bowers; in Judge Cook's Court
Xobleman Places His Loss at
$10,000, but Official Police
Deport Fixes Value at $585
Effort to -Settle tlie Contest
Over Clunie (Estate Out of
Court Is Approved^ l>y. Her
PAYS TRIBUTE
TO ASSOCIATES
THIEVES TAKE
BARON'S JEWELS
HER FATE WILL
SOON BE KNOWN
WIDOW DESIRES
TO COMPROMISE
THE SAN. <\_ FRANCISCO ¦ CALL/, : FRIDAY; v JANUARY ; 8/ >J904.-
CHICAGO MAN
IS HONORED
BY Y. M. C. A.
NEW STATE SECRETARY* OF
THE YOUNG MEN'S CHRIS
TIAN ASSOCIATION. • .
16
ADVEBTiSEJ^gTS^_ ; .^Z^'S^JJJZu-
- _ - _ '-'."^'/t^vjf'^';'- ._....-
In AU- Wool - iffl Double-
Grays and Jm??\ Breasted
Fancy I^^P Coat) two
Cheviots. ttlKj|| P aJrs of
Pants with $fj ncc Pants
double mjs and Cap to
scQt zinQ Tsigffl niuicn.
knees. Ages 8 to 15.
$51
Open Saturday Night Till 10 O'ClocK.
516*518 PUSKET SXw^W
•• . . ADVERTISEMENTS.
'(^^¦- ¦ • ¦ • ¦¦ ¦.¦* ¦ • -" ¦ "¦ ¦" "^\
IPatt/'s v Triumph \
is as ; remarkable * as . that ¦ ¦
PIANO PLAYER fl
Something seems IacKing in S
a home without a piano * and 1
¦ • no, piano : is : qvilc^ complete I
; ;-_.: vithoui an- Apollo.. . Testily^ H
;¦ inj -to ;• its perfection, . the B
/ Apollo is a chaming musical |
; companion : in - the famous \ . |
Diva's home. . V* |
B^tGurtaz SSon J
16 O* FARRELL STRJEET. I
*|.San,Joxe.-: Rtocktonr'Alameda.i. Fresno. ;¦;
ADVEBTTSEMENTS. :'
Ton nf ITptrf -PftVprpR- with QmIps
1 UjJ Ul 11 Cell Vu V &1 GU n 1111: uwm
' lilpOffplf:
/ Hairvwith Tbaa. -
CURED BFciJTiCUBA
Now Six Years Old wift TMgS
Hair; and : Clean ; Scalp.
..'. .-¦¦•' Core -
" My baby was about six weeks old
wheiMhe top of her head becane cot-
ered with, thick scales, which orould
peel and come off, taking thie-halr with
It. It woald soon form again and be as
bad ; as , before. -I tried sere ral things
and then went to the doctor. He said
it tvns'Eczeinai and prescribed an oint-
ment, which- d!d s not do nny good. \A.
friend spoke of CnUcura Soap. I tried,
it itnd.read on the wrapper abont-Coti-
enra Ointment as a remedy for Eczema.
I bought a box and washed; her head in
warm water and Cuticura Soap and
gently combed. the «cale» off. They did
not come back and her hair grew Coat
fine and thick. She is now a year aod
a half old and has no trace of Eczema."
MRS. C. ; W: BURQES.IranisUn Are.,
Bridgeport," Conn.. ; Feb. 21, 1898.
Mrs.: Barnes; writes Feb. 28,. 1903:. .
" My • bnby," who had : Eczema "very
badly on her head, as I told you before,'
after using the -Cuticnra ltemedles was
cured. She -is: now;six years bid and
has thick hair and a clean scalp.",'
r InsuntXrellef and . refreshing sleep
for : skin-tortured babies [ an'dV rest, for
[ tired, \ worried • mothers S in . warm j baths
with Cuticura' Soap/ and -gentle anoint-
ings with t: CuticaraXOintnient,'* purest
'of. emollients and greatest of skin cures,
to be followed 'in' snTpfe cases by mlM
doscfl'of , Cnticara'Rc^Tent. .'.This Is
the purest, sweetest, most *pee«iy, per-
manent'., and 'economical' treatment for
torturing." disfiguring/ itchine, burning, 1 ;
bleeding; scaly.- crnsted andjrimplr. skin
and scalp. humonfs; with lo's'ofhair.'of '
Infants and children, its well as adults,
and is : sure to succeed "when #TT other
remedies and the best physicians faiL " :
Sold tbrntivhni fhe »<»«. Cntlrnrm'FaMtT»^iC «Vl'~
On turn of Chorol.it* Co... 4 P1U«. **., n«r t1»I of m<u
Otn'mjnt. fku, )fe<p. tte. I>mt>i Ixmdnn. J7 Oitrtw-
how« Sq.t Ptrh. < Bo. it U P«1ti Bo-trm, 1« C«<»m-
bo. At.. P.itrr IVar k Ob»-». Corp.. SaU t'roprlt«or».
I ES^ A 'M B^ i Sii W lift. i|
Prlday, Satnrda.y and Saturday Xlfflit.
CREAMERY BUTTER. POUND. ~25c.
Butter^ as.85c
LOWNEY'S COCOA. CAN. 10c.
BEST STOKE ZOOS doz 33c
Large white; -all guaranteed.
TRY STAR CREAMERY BUTTER.
I MAPtE~~SYBTJP 45o can 33c
j Full .quart; Log Cabin brand.
_ S KEST-SAXP SOAP. 23c.
TOIIATOES, red ripe ..5 cvxs sio
. Solid pack, large can*; usually 10c each.
SUGAR TEAS. 5 CANS 38c.
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE. 2 bottles
SXST CO AIi OIL 3-e%l caa jflJLO
|W.«."/Ko grnoke. no smell; usually $1.23.
&T&A.vrB*:xxY JAax. .glass loo
Mrs. Fai>rr'»; «very berry whole; doxen $l.li>.
13c BOTTLES MAPLE SYRUP. 3 FOR 25c^
SWEET WXH£S 5 bottles SlToo
¦iOcVort or Sherry; gpeclal price Munday only.
20c QUART BOTTLE SALAD OIL 15c.
GO1D DUST 6 packages 35o
Falrtmnk'a; saves the back, cleans the clothes.
25c IX>X VERMICELLI IScT • - •'
COB2T BEEI* iRn f.^'q t^t<>ff
. " -2-pound cans; a ready iuncfiT
BEST CREAM CHEESE. 20c POCXD. 15c.
XOITA COrrEZ, genuine 3 lbs 35c
Rich brown Hawaiian coffee; tea' store price
'JZc pound.
»1.25 BOTTLE CASTLE MALT WHISKY 83c.
ENGLISH BEEAXTAST TXA....ft 330
Excellent cup tta; usually 00c.
LARGE WHITE FIGS. POUND. 5c.
COCKTAILS, Gold Lion q[uart 73o
AU varieties: usually $1; Monday only.
33c GI.ASS JAR PEARS 20c
JESSE MOOBE or KOMOCaAM A A..."
.bot 650
Beat brands; usually .85c and. 06c. '
15c CANS BEST CHERRIES 10c.
1OOI FILLMORE ST. 119 TAYLOR ST
¦*&**r HOLIDAY
¥ Chatelaine
I Bags. J
H Were $1.00. J1.30 and $2.00. fl
» Reduced to. .......... ,.c» g~\^, ' fcl
"la Ovic Ei
p| seal chatelaine bags E»i
Were »2. CO. $2.0O. *3.CO. $4.00. frli
jg| Reduced to *7 E\C * t#
H\ WRIST BAGS— Were 73c. Re- K
M f a "^°.::::::::::::: 50c M
\$i SEAL LEATHER 8HOPPIXO ' V-i|
K| BAGS — Were $1.25. •7r=^
YE- Reduced to COw- Vf
ff 'Great reductions in aom« *t-
If eletrant lines of fashionable ¦ r
. If, ¦ BUtionery. Jncludlnsr Ber!!n p » \t
» celebrated pagers. ¦ Mill orders I
S promptly filled. I
I THAT MAR PITTS. I
: H .' F. W. PITTS. The Stationer. f
, L\ IOCS' Market St.. Above Powell /I
" I ¦ \ ' st " an ranclsco - f:\
*'••-. ' • . ¦
.¦'.'- ¦¦•¦¦¦* ¦ -
W A R
RISKS
— i ; at — — . — _ —
¦Lowest Rates
iFIREMAN'S FUHD
INSURANCE COMPANY
ADVERTISEMENTS. /
MACNIN'S
Imll^y CLEARANCE SALE A
F^\\33r of UNDERMUSLIIMS 1
V will be continued to-day /
\ and to-morrow : :• : : :- /
I ifr-^fai * ' n addition • to our sale of
W^P s^tet. Underwear we will, start to-diy
ANNUAL "/:'¦'
I CLEARANCE SALE...
I Of CHILDREN'S CLOAKS,
WOOLEN DRESSES,
HATS and CAPS.
We have decided to makeV immediate
disposal of our entire assortment b^broken
lines and have marked the prices down 8
J lower than actual jag^ir I
Women who are familiar with f^W'^^L^^rt I
the quality of our zoods know I
that when we reduce prices they I
are always legitimate reductions. m
This sale embraces hundreds I
of this season's styles of gar- illgSaliffi^
ments for children from 1 to 14 E$sa8iil!8J^lB
Every garment is absolutely M^''^^^]SS^^
correct in style, make, fit and j^^ ; -" ? !iffn«M^P&
finish— the very best grade of 7BS:8^S^S»i
1 Do not fail to attend this sale. J|^^^^^^^