The Sunday Call Magazinenot only that old love, but she who
had caused it, were dead, and the tone
of his voice made her shiver.
And the suffering he used to get—
the suffering from trifles — the foolish
suffering from silly trifles!
He turned now, for he heard Judith
walking toward him. She was looking
him straight in the eyes and' was smil
ing strangely.
"I'm going to make you love me as
you used to love me."
Her lips were half parted from the
whisper, and he could have stooped
and kissed her — something that never
in his life he had done — he knew that
— but the old reverence came back
from the past to forbid him, and he
merely looked down into her eyes,
flushing a little.
"Yes," she said, gently. "And I
think you are just tall enough."
In a flash her mood changed, and
* she drew his head down until she
could just touch his forehead with her
lips. It was a sweet bit of motherli
nessr—no more— rand Crittenden un
derstood and- was grateful.
"Go home, now," she said.
VII.
; At Tampa — the pomp and circum
stance of war.
; A", gigantic hotel, brilliant with
lights, music, flowers, women; halls
.and corridors filled with bustling offi
cers, uniformed from empty straps to
stars; ' volunteer and regular-"-easily
distinguished by the ease of one and
the new and conscious erectness of the*
other; adjutants, millionaire aids, civ
ilian inspectors; gorgeous attaches-
English, German, Swedish, Russian,
Prussian, Japanese — each. wondrous to
the dazzled republican , - eyes ; i Cubans .
with cigarettes, Cubans— little arid big,
warlike, "with the 1 tall of the dark eye
ever womanward, S: brave with ma
chetes; on the divans Cuban senori
tas—refugees at Tampa— -dark eyed,
of course, languid of manner, to be
sure, and with the eloquent fan, ever
present, omnipotent — shutting ' and
closing, like the wings of a gigantic
butterfly: 'adventurers,' adventuresses;
artists/ photographers; correspondents '
by-, the ' score—^-female correspondents;
story writers, novelists, real war corre
spondents,; and real draughtsmen-^-ar-"
tlsts, indeed; arid a host of lesser, men
with spurs yet. to win— all crowding
the hotel day and night, night arid day..
And outside,' to the sea-^-camped in*
fine white sand dust,' under thick stars
and a hot • sun— soldiers, '.¦ soldiers
everywhere,: lounging through the
streets and the railway stations, over-
running the suburbs; drilling — horse
back and on, foot— through clouds of
sand; drilling at skirmish over burnt
sedge grass and stunted and charred
pine'. woods; riding horses into the sea,
and plunging in themselves like truant
school boys. In the bay a fleet of
waiting transports, and all over dook,
camp, town and hotel an atmosphere
of . fierce unrest and of eager longing
to fill those wooden hulks, rising and
falling with such maddening patience
on the tide, and to be away. All the
time, meanwhile, soldiers coming in —
more, and more soldiers—- in freight
box, .day coach and palace car.
That night, in the hotel. Grafton
and Crittenden watched the crowd
from a divan of red plush, Grafton
chatting incessantly. Around them
moved and . sat the women of the
"House of the Hundred, Thousand" —
officers' wives and daughters and sis
ters and sweethearts and army wid
ows—claiming rank and giving it
more or less consciously, according to
the rank of the man whom they re
presented. The big man with, the
monocle and the suit of towering
white from foot , to crown was the En-'
glish , naval attache. He -stalked
through the hotel as , though he had
the British Empire at his back. j
, "And ; he has, ; - too,',' said Grafton.
"You ought to see * him go down the
steps to the cafe. i^The door is too low
for : him. * Other; ten f people bend for
ward — he always rears back.",*
And the' 7 picturesque*' little "'fellow
with the helmet was the English mili
tary attache.' Crittenden had seen
him at Chickamauga;' and Grafton 1 said
they w*ould'hear ? of him, in Cuba. The
Prussian was handsome, and a count
The big, boyish blonde was a Russian,
ana a prince, as 'was the quiet, modest,
little Japanese— a mighty warrior in
his. own country. -.Arid the^Swede, the
politeV'-the 'exquisle! . '• t . ;
4- "He wears a mustache guard. I of
fered him a cigar. He saluted: 'Thank
you,' he said. i 'Ne vare I schmoke.' " v
"They are the pets of the expedi-
"Think of it. Fourteen years I never
saw the first star without making the
same.wlsh for you and me'. : Why," he
went on, and stopped. suddenly .with a
little shame at making the, confession
even to himself, and at the same time
with an impersonal wonder that such
a thing could be, "I used to pray for
you always — when I Bald my prayers
— actually. And sometimes even now,
when I'm pretty hopeless and helpless
and moved by some memory, the old
prayer comes back unconsciously and
I find myself repeating your name."
For the moment he spoke as though
"It never comes but once." he said.
In a low tone that made. Judith turn
suddenly. Her eyes looked as if they
were not far from tears.
A tiny star showed in the pink glow
over the west —
Starlight. «t*rbri«ht.
For a' moment Crittendan watched
her. He never realized before how
much simple physical beauty she had,
nor did he realize the significance of
the fact that never until now had he
observed it. . She had been' a spirit be
fore; now she was a woman as well.
But he did rote that If he could? have
learned only from* Judith, he would
never have known that he even had
wrists or eyes until that day; and yet
he was curiously unstirred by the
subtle change in her. He was busied
with his own memories.
"And I know it can never come
back," he said, and he went on think
ing as he looked at her. "I wonder if
you can know what it is to have some
body such a part of your life that you
never hear a noble strain of music,
never read *a noble line of poetry,
never catch a high mood from nature,
nor from your own best t houghs — that
you do not imagine her by your side
to share your pleasure In It all; that
you make no effort to better yourself
or help others, that you do nothing of
which she could approve, that you are
not thinking of her — that really she is
not the inspiration of it all? That
doesn't come but once. Think of hav
ing somebody so linked with your life,
with what Is highest and best in you,
that, when the hour of temptation
comes and overcomes, you are not
able to think of her through very
shame. I wonder If he loved you that
waf. I wonder if you know what such
love Is." '
diently and followed her to the porch,
but she did notsit down outside. She
went on into the parlor and threw
open the window to let the last sun
light in, and sat by it looking at the
west.
The buggy behind had made a little
spurt and the horses were almost
neck? and nock. Wharton looked ugly,
and the black-eyed girl with fluffy
black hair was looking behind Ju
dith's head at Crittenden and was
smiling. Not once had Judith turned
her head, even to see who they were.
Crittenden hardly knew whether she
was conscious of the race, but they
were approaching her gate now and
he found out
•\Shail I turn in?" he aske<V
"Go on," said Judith.
There was a long, low hill before
them, ar.d . up that Crittenden let
Raincrow have his full speed for th*
first time. The panting nostrils' of the
other horse fell behind — out of sight —
out of hearing.
"And if he doesn't get back from
the war, she will mourn for him sin
cerely for a year or two and then — "
'Marry some one. else."
"Why not?"
Thai v.-as what she had so often told
him to do, and now he spoke as
though it were quite possible— even
lor him; and she was both glad and a
'little resentful.
At the top of the hill they turned.
The enemy was trotting leisurely up
the slope, having given up the race
earlier than they knew. Judith's face
was flushed.
"I don't think you are so very old,"
she said.
Crittenden laughed, and took off his
hat very politely when they met the
buggy, but Wharton looked surly. The
girl v ith the black hair looked sharply
at Judith, and then again at Critten
den, and smiled. She must have cared
little for her companion, Judith
thought, or something for Crittenden,
and yet she knew that most women
emiled at Crittenden. even when they
did not know him very well. Still she
asked: "And the other things — you
meant other women?"
"Yes and no."
"Why no?"
"Because I have deceived nobody —
not even myself— and heaven knows I
tried that hard enough." , .
'That was one ?" she added, smiling.
"I thought you lenev* me better than
to ask such a question."
Again Judith smiled — scanning him
closely.
"No. you aren't so very old— nor
world weary, after all."
"No?"
"No. And you have strong hands —
and wrists. And your eyes are — " she
seemed almost embarrassed — "are the
eyes of a good man. in spite of what
you say about yourself; and I would
trust them. And it was very fine in
you to talk as you did when we were
tearing up that hill a moment ago."
Crittenden turned with a start of
surprise.
"Oh." he said, with unaffected care
lessness. "You didn't seem to be very
Crittenden had stop; ed to pull the
self -opening gate, and he drove almost
at a slow walk through the pasture to
ward Judith's home. The sun was
reddening through the trees now. The
whole earth was moist and fragrant,
and the larks were singing their last
songs for that happy day. Judith was
quite serious now.
"Do y*ou know, I was glad to hear
you Bay that you had got over your
old feeling for me. I feel so relieved.
I have always felt so responsible for,
your happiness, but I don't now,. and It
is cucb a relief. Now you will go
ahead and marry some lovely girl and
you will be happy and I shall be hap
pier — seeing it and knowing it."
Crittenden shook his head.
"No," he said, "something seems to
havo gone. out of me. never to come
back."
There was nobody In sight to open
the yard gate, and Crittenden drove to
the stile, where he helped Judith out
and climbed back into his buggy.
Judith turned in surprise. "Aren't
you coming in?"
"I'm afraid I haven't time."
"Oh. yea, you have."
A negro boy was running from the
kitchen.
"Hitch Mr. Crittenden's horse," she
raid, ar.d Crittenden climbed out obe-
£ £ } Y ES - tne y are as * rank as hirds
/ 1 ln their love making, and
M they will marry with as lit-
lie question as birds do when
.TTvJ 1 they r.est They will have a
house full of children — I have heard
her mother say that was her ambition
and the ambition she had for her chil
dren; and they will live a sane, whole
some, useful, happy life."
Copyright by Charles Scribner's Sons.
' -^^S^^R^^fiJKl^^^^K^F k
C"T>III3 is the second in
stallment of "Critten-
X den." It gives you
tvar scenes in Cuba and
love scenes in Kentucky as
they've never been shown
before.Does Crittenden fin
ally win Judith or— whom
does she really love ?
You'll get this whole
thrilling: novel complete
in four installments. That
is a truly remarkable tri
umph of modern journal
ism.
tiori, ,' Grafton went on. "they and that
warlike group of correspondents over
there. They'll go down on the flag
ship, while We nobodies iWlll herd to
gether on one boat But we'll all be
on ¦ the , same footing when we get
there." v
Just then a big: man, who was sit
ting on the next divan twisting his
mustache and talking chiefly with his
hands, rolled up and called Grafton.
"Huh!'! he said.
•- "Huh!" mimicked Grafton... "
-"You don't know .much about the
army."
"Six w^eks . ago I couldn't tell a
dough boy 'officer : from a cavalryman
by the stripe down his legs." |
The big man smiled with iftflnite
pity- and tolerance. .
."Therefore/: said Grafton, "I shall
not pass judgment, deliver expert mili
tary opinions, and decide how. the
campaign . ought .' to be -conducted —
well, maybe for some days yet." t - "¦
';,,.„ "You've got " to. You must* have'a
policy— -a policy. I'll give you one.";
./And he began— favoring mo'nosylla
bles, >. dashes, exclamation points,
pauses *$ for: pantomime, Indian sign
language, and heys, huhsand humphs
that vwere', intended to. fill but sen
tences and round up elaborate argu
ment. ;'-': ' ..'• ¦•. ¦".
"There is -a; lot {any. damn - fool : can large and red, because he could reach
say, of course, hey? But' you "mustn't It every time, he led out. The nose
say it, huh? Give 'em hell afterward.'-' swelled and still reddened, and Rey
(Pantomime.) ."That's right, ain't it? nolds' small black eyes narrowed and
Understand? Regular army all right" flamed with a wicked light He
(Sign language.) "These damn foola fought with skill at first, but those
smiling. V
"Gawd," said Abe Long. "He's one
o*. the- fellows that Jaugh when they're
*flghtin\ . ,Th*ey're > worse than the cryin'
sort— a sight .worse."
-The prophecy"; In* the soldier's tone
soon came true. The smile nev^r left
face, even when It was so
'bruised' up that smiling was difficult;
but the onlookersknew that the spirit
of the smile was still there. ' Black
ford himself was smiling now. Crit
tenden struck but for one place at first
—Reynolds' nose, which was naturally
word, acting as Crittenden's second.
Reynolds was the champion bruiser of
the regiment and a boxer of no mean
skill, and Blackford looked anxious.
"Worry him, and he'll lose his head.
Don't try to do him up too quickly."
Reynolds was coarse, disdainful and
triumphant, but he did not look so
confident when Crittenden stripped
and showed a white body, closely
jointed at shoulder and elbow and at
knee and thigh, and closely knit with
steel-like tendons. The long muscles
of his back slipped like eels under his
white skin. ' Blackford looked re
lieved.
"Do you know the game?"
"A little."
"Worry him and wait till he loses
his head — remember now."
"All right." said Crittenden, cheer
fully, and- turned and faced Reynolds,
outside- volunteers, politicians, hey? :
Had the best army in the world at the
close of the old war. see? Best equip
ped, you understand, huh? "Congress"
(violent , Indian., sign _ language) i
"wanted to squash it — to squash it —
that's right, you understand, huh?
Cut it down — cut it down, see? Illus
trate: Wanted 18,000 mules for this
push, cot S000. see? Same principle
all through; «ee? That's right! No ?ood
to «ay anything now — people think
you complain of the regular army,
huh? Mustn't say anything now — give
'em hell afterward — understand?"
(More sign language.) "Hell after
ward. Alt right now. got your policy,
go 'ahead."
Grafton nodded basely, and without
a smile:
"Thanks, old man — thanks. It's
very lucid."
A little'" later Crittenden saw the
¦tout civilian, Major Billings, fairly
puffing with pride, excitement, and' a
fine uniform of khaki, -whom he had
met at Chickamauga: and Willlngs.
the Burgeon, and Chaffee, now a brig
adier; and Lawton, soon to command
a division; and, finally, little Jerry
Carter, quiet, unassuming, dreamy,
slight, old, but active, and tough as
hickory. The little genera] greeted
Crittenden like a son.
"I was sorry not to see you again at
Chickamauga, but I started here next
day. I have : Just written you that
there was a place on my staff for you
or your brother— or for any son of
your father and my friend. I'll write
to Washington for you to-night, and
you can report for duty whenever you
please."
The' little man made the astounding
proposition as calmly as though he
were asking the Kentucklan to a
lunch of bacon and hard tack, and
Crittenden flushe'd with gratitude and
his heart leaped— his going was sure
now. Before he could stammer out
hi3 thanks, the general was gone.
Just then Rivers, who, to his great Joy,
.had got at least that far, sat down by
him. He was much depressed. His
regiment was going, but two com
panies would be left behind. His colo
nel talked about sending him back to
Kentucky to bring down some horses,
and he was afraid to go.
"To think of being in the army as
long as I have been, just for this flght
And to think of being left here in this
hell hole all summer, and missing all
the fun in Cuba, not to speak of the
glory and the game. We haven't had
a war for so long that glory will come
easy now, and anybody who does any
thing will be promoted. But it's miss
ing the fight — the flght — that worries
me," and Rivers shook his head from
side to side dejectedly. "If my com
pany goes, I'm all right; but if it
doesn't, there is no chance for me if I
go away. I shall lose my last chance
' of slipping in somewhere. 'I swear I'd
rather go as a private than not at all."
This videa gave Crittenden a start.
and made him on the sudden very
thoughtful.
"Can you get me in as a private at
the last minute?" he asked presently.
"Yes," said Rivers, quickly, "and I'll
telegraph you in plenty of time, so
that you c»n get back."
Crittenden smiled, for Rivers' plan
was plaint but lie was thinking of a
' plan of his own.
', '"*'• Meanwhile, he drilled as a private
each day. 'He -was ignorant of the
Krag-Jorgensen; and at Chickamauga
he had made such a laughable exhibi
tion of himself that the old sergeant
took him off alone one day, and when
they came back the sergeant was ob
served to be smiling broadly. At the
first target practice thereafter, Crit
tenden stood among the first men of
the company, and the captain -took
mental note of him as a sharpshooter
to be remembered when they got to
Cuba. With the drill he had little
itroublfr — being a natural-born horse
man — so one day, when a trooper was
111, he was allowed to take the sick
soldier's place and drill with the regi
ment. That day his trouble with Rey
nolds came. All the soldiers were free
and' easy of speech and rather reck
less with epithets, and, knowing how
little was meant, Crittenden merely
remonstrated with the bully and smil
ingly 'asked him to desist.
"Suppose I don't?"
Crittenden smiled again and an
swered nothing, and Reynolds mis
took his silence for timidity. At right
wheel, a little later, Crittenden
squeezed the bully's leg, and Reynolds
cursed him. He might have passed that
with a last warning, but as they wheel
ed again, he saw Reynolds kick San
ders so violently that the boy's eyes
filled with.tears. He went straight for
the soldier as soon as the drill was
over.
- ; " "Put up your guard."
The word was checked at his lips
by. Crittenden's fist. In a rage Rey
nolds threw his hand behind him, as
though he would p^ll his revolver, but
his wrist was caught by sinewy fingers
from behind. It was Blackford, smil
ing into his purple face.
"Hold on!" he said, "save that for
a Spaniard."
At once, as a matter of course, the
men led the way behind the tents, and
made a ring — Blackford, without a
"No, old man* I was selfish enough
to think it, but I'm not self.:h enough
to do it. I won't have it."
"But I want to go back. If I can get
in at the last moment I should go back
anyhow to-night."
"Really?"
"Really. Just that you let me know
in time."
Rivers grasped hi- hand.
"I'll do that."
Next morning rumors were flying. In
a week, at least, they would sail. And
still regiments rolled in, and that after
noon Crittenden saw the regiment come
in for which Grafton had been waiting
— a picturesque body of fighting men,
and, perhaps, the most typical Ameri
can regiment formed since Jackson
fought at New Orleans. At . the head
of it rode two men— one with a quiet
mesmeric power that bred perfect trust
at slight, the other with the 'kindling*
poWer of enthusiasm, and a passionate
energy, mental, physical, emotional,
that was tireless; each a man among
men, and both together an ideal leader
for the thousand Americans 'at their
heels. Behind them rode the Rough
Riders — dusty, traveled-stained troop
ers, gathered from every State, every
walk of labor and leisure, every social
grade in the Union — day laborer and
millionaire, clerk and clubman, college
boy and athletes. Southern revenue offi
cers and Northern policemen; but most
of them "Westerners — Texan rangers,
sheriffs and desperadoes — the men
hunters and the men-hunted; Indians;
followers of all politic.: iaiths. all
creeds — Catholics, Protestants, Jews;
but cowboys for the most part; dare
devils, to be sure,' but good-natured,
good-hearted, : lcturesque, fearless.
And Americans! — all!
As the last troopers filed rast, Crit
tenden followed them with his eyes,
and he saw a little way ~ Ulackford
standing with folded arms on the edge
of a cloud of dust and looking after
them too, with his face set as though
he were buried deep In a thousand
memories. He started when Crittenden
spoke to him, and the dark fire of his
eyes flashed.
"That's where I belong." he said,
with a wave of his hand after the re
treating column. "I don't know one of
them, and I I.now them all. I've gone
to- college with some; I've hunted,
fished, camped, drank and gambled
with the others. I belong with them;
and I'm going with them if I can; I'm
trying to get an exchange now."
"Well, luck to you, and good-by."
said Crittenden, holding out his hand.
"I'm going home to-night."
"But you're coming back?"
"Yjs."
Blackford hesitated.
"Are you going to join this outfit?"—
meaning his own regiment.
"I don't know; this or the Rough
Riders."
"Well," Blackford seemed embar
rassed, and his manner "was most re
spectful, "If we go (.jgether, what do
you say to our going as 'bunkies'?"
"Sure." 4
"Thank you"."
The two men grasped hands. A _
"I hope you will come back.** f
"I'm sure to come back. Good-by.**
"Good-by, sir."
The ungracious "sir" startled Critten
den. It was merely habit, of course,
and the fact that Crittenden was not
yet enlisted, but there was an unin
tended significance in the soldier's tone
that made him wince. Blackford
turned sharply away,' flushing.'
Back in the Bluegrass, the earth was
flashing with dew, and the air wai bril
liant* with a steady light that on its
way from the sun was broken by
hardly a cloud. The woodland was
alive with bird-wing and bird-song and
under them with the flash of metal and
the Joy of breaking camp. The town
was a mighty pedestal for flag-staffs.
Everywhere flags were shaken out.
Main street, at a distance, looked like
a long lane of flowers in a great gar
den — all blowing In a wind." Under
them,' crowds gathered — country' peo
ple, negroes and townfolk — while the
town band stood waiting at the gate of
the park. The Legion was making
ready to leave for Chickamauga, and
"The 'Governor* told me," he said,
"you couldn't do anything in this regi
ment that would do you more good
with officers and men. That fellow has
caused us more trouble than any
other ten men in the regiment, and you
are the first man yet to get the best of
him. If the men could elect you, you'd
be a lieutenant before to-morrow
night."
Crittenden laughed.
"It was disgusting, but I didn't ¦«•
any other way out of it."
Tattoo was sounded.
"Are you sure you can get into the
army &: any time?"
"Easy— as a private."
"What regiment?"
"Rough Riders or regulars."
"All right, then, I'll go to Kentucky
for you."
"You let that boy alone,"'he said, in
a low voice, and then aloud and calm
ly:
"I don't like thi?. but it's in defer
ence to your customs, f I don't call
names, and I allow nobody to call me
names; and if I have another flght."
Reynolds was listening no#l "it won't
be with my fists."
"Well, Mister Man from Kentucky."
said Abe. "I'd a damn sight ruther
you'd use a club on me than fists; but
there's others of us who don't call
names, and ain't called names: and
some of us ain't easy skeered, neither."
"I wasn't threatening," said Critten
den. quickly, "but I. have heard a good
deal of that sort* of thins flying
around, and I don't want to get into
this sort of a thing, again." He looked
steadily at the soldier, but the eye of
Abraham Long quailed not. at all. In
stead, a smile broke over his face.
"I got a drink waitin' fer you." he
said; and Crittenden laughed.
"Git up an' shake hands. Jim." said
Abe, sternly, to Crittenden's opponent,
"an' let's have a drink." Reynolds got
up slowly.
"You gimme a good llckin'." he said
to Crittenden. "Shake!"
Crittenden shook, and seconds and
principals started for Long's tent.
"Boys." he said to the others, Tm
sorry for ye. I ain't got but four
drinks — and — "the old sergeant was ap
proaching; "and one more for the Gov
ernor."
Rivers smiled broadly when he saw
Crittenden at noon.
maddening: taps on his nose made him
lose his head altogether In the sixth
round, and he senselessly, rushed at
Crittenden with lowered head, like a
sheep. - Crittenden ¦ took him sidewis»
on his Jaw as he 1 came, and sjepp*»fi
aside. Reynolds pitched to th*
ground heavily, and Crittenden bent
over him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAU1
CRITTENDEN A KENTUCKY
STORY OF LOVE AND WAR
2(Continued Next Sunday.)
tenden watched her white shape move
slowly and quietly up the walk and
grow dim 1 ; heard her light, even step on
the gravel, up the. steps, across . the
porch, and through the doorway. Not
once did she look around. '
He was in his room now and at his
window, his face hard as stone when
his heart was parching for tears. It
was true, then. He was the brute he
feared he ;^was. He had killed his life,
and he had killed his love— beyond even
her power to recall. His soul, too. must,
be dead, and it were just as well that
his body die. And. . still bitter, still
shamed and hopeless, he stretched out
his arms to the south with a fierce
longing for the quick fate— no matter
what— that was waiting for him there.
By and by bulletins began to come
in to, the mother at Cane wood from her
boy at Tampa. There was little psy
chology in Basil's bulletin:
." ."I got here all right. My commission
hasn't come, and I've joined the Rough
Rulers, for fear it won't get here in
time. The colonel was very kind to me
—called me mister.
"I've got a lieutenant's uniform of
khaki, but I'm keeping ifc out of sight.
I may have no use for it. I've got two
left spurs, and Fm writing in the Wal
dorf-Astoria. I like these Northern fel
lows; they are gentlemen and plucky —
I can see that. Very few of them
swear. I wish I knew where brother is.
The colonel calls everybody mister —
even the Indians. '
; "Word comes to-night that we are to
be off to the front. Please send. me a
piece of cotton to clean my gun. And
please be easy about me— do be easy.
And if you Insist on giving me a title,
don't call me private— call me trooper.
VYes, we are going; the thing Is seri
ous. We are all packed up now; have
rolled up camping outfit and are ready
to start. _¦ ¦:¦-:-;/.
"Baggage on the transport. now, and
we sail this afternoon! 1 Am sorry to
leave you, and I have a tear in my eye
now,, that I can't keep back. It isn't a
summer picnic, .- and I don't- feel like
shouting when I think of home; but I'm
always lucky, and I'll come out all
-right. I'm afraid I shan't see brother
at all. I tried to look cheerful for my
picture (Inclosed). Good-by.
"Some delay; actually on board and
steam uo.
"Waiting— waiting— waiting. It's bad
enough to go. to Cuba In boats like
these, but to lie around for days Is try-
Ing. 'No one goes ashore, and I can
hear nothing of brother. I wonder why
the general didn't give him that com
mission instead of me. There is a curi
ous sort of fellow here, who says he
knows \ brother, g His . name is Black
ford, and. he is very, kind to me. . He
used to.be a regular, . and he . says he
thinks brother took his place in the
— th and is a regular, now himself— a
private; I don't understand. There is
< mighty little rough riding about this.
Ti'P. S. • My bunkie Is from Boston-
Bob Sumner.v His father. commanded a
"regiment in a fight once against
my father: think of it!
'.^"Hurrah! we're off."
It was a . tropical holiday— that 7 sail
down to Cuba— a strange, huge: pleas
ure trip of steamships, sailing, in a
lordly column of three; at night, sailing
always, it seemed, in a harbor of bril
liant lights under multitudinous stars
and over thickly sown beds of tiny
phosphorescent stars that were blown
about like flowers in a wlrid-storm by
the frothing wake of the ships; by day,
through a brilliant sunlit sea, a cool
breeze — so cool that only at noon was
the heat tropical— and over- smooth
water, blue as sapphire. Music night
and morning, on each ship, 'and music
coming across the little waves at any
hour from the ships about. Porpoises
frisking at the bows and chasing each
other in a circle around the bow and
stern as though the transports sat mo
tionless; schools of flying fish with filmy
rainbow wings rising from one wave
and shimmering through the sunlight
to the foamy crest of another—some
times hundreds of yards away. Beau
tiful clear sunsets of rose, gold-green
and crimson, with one big, pure, radiant
sta'r ever like a censer* over them ; every
night the stars more deeply arid thickly
sown and growing ever softer and more
brilliant as the boats neared the trop
ics; every day dawn rich with beauty
and richer for the .dewy memories of
the dawns that were left behind.
Now and then a litt\e torpedo-boat
would cut like a knife-blade through
the water on messenger service;, or a
gunboat would drop lightly down- from
the hill of the sea, along the top of
which it patrolled so vigilantly: and
ever on the horizon hung a battleship
that "looked like a great gray floating
cathedral. But nobody was looking for
a fight— nobody thought the Spaniards
would flght — and so these were only
symbols of war; and even they seemed
merely playing the game.
It was Grafton said. » Far ahead went
the flagship with the huge commartder
in-chief and his staff, the gorgeous at
taches, and the artists and correspond
ents, with valets, orderlies, stenogra
phers and secretaries. Somewhere far
to the rear, one ship was filled with
newspaper men from stem to stern. But
wily Grafton was with Lav '.on and
Chaff ee, the only correspondent aboard
their transport. On the second day, as
he sat on the poop-deck, a negro boy
came up to him, grinning uneasily:
j "I seed you back In ole Kentuck,
suh." ;••::¦
"You did? Well. I don't remember
seeing you. "What do you want?"
' "Captain says he gwine to throw me (
overboard."
"What for?"
"I ain't got no business here, suh."
"Then what are you here for?"
"Lookin''-fpr ole cap'n, : suh."
"Ole cap'n who?" said Grafton, mim
icking.
'"Cap'n Crittendenr suh."
"Well, if you are his servant, I sup-
"Until lately," she was saying, and
she was not saying at all what she
meant to say; but here lately a change
was taking place; something had come
into her feelings for him that was new
and strange — she could not understand
— perhaps it had always been there;
perhaps she was merely becoming con
scious of It. And when she thought, as
she had been thinking all day, of his
long years of devotion — how badly she
had rectuited them — it seemed that the
least she could do" was to tell him that
he was now first In her life of all men—
that much she could say; and perhaps
he had always been, she did not know;
perhaps, now that, the half-gods were
gone, it was at last the coming of ther
the . She was deeply agitated now;
her voice was trembljng; she faltered,
and she turned suddenly, sharply, and
with a little catch in her breath, her
lips and eyes opening slowly— her, first
consciousness, perhaps, a wonder at his
strange silence — and dazed by her own
feeling and flushing painfully, she
looked at him for the first time since
she began to talk, and she saw' him
staring,flxedly at her with a half-agon
ized look, as though he were speechless
ly trying to stop j her, his face white,
bitter, shamed, helpless. Not a word
more dropped from her lips— not a
sound. She was moved; it seemed that
she was about to fall, and Crittenden
started toward her, but ; she drew her
self erect, and as she turned— lif ting her
head proudly— the moonlight showed
that her throat was drawn— nothing
more. Motionless and speechless, Crit-
"It is all very strange," she said, as
though she were talking to herself, and
she rose and walked into the warm,
fragrant night, and down the path to
the stiles, Crittenden silently following.
The night was breathless and ..the
moon-lit woods had the still beautyof
a dream; and Judith -went on speaking
of herself as she had never done— of the
man whose name she' had never men
tioned, aritl whose name Crittenden had
never asked. Until that night he had
not known even whether/the man were
still alive or dead. She '/had
that was love—until lately ihe'ihad
never questioned but . thatiwHen-that
was gone from her heart, 1 all was gone
that would ever be possible for her to
know. That was why. she had told
Crittenden to conquer his love for her.
And now she was beginning to doubt
and to wonder— ever since she came
hack and heard him at the old audito
rium — and why and whence the change
now? That puzzled her. One thing
was curious— through it all, as far back
as she could remember, her feeling for
him had never changed, except lately.
Perhaps it was an unconscious response
In her to the nobler change that in
spite of his new hardness her instinct
told her was at work in him.
She was leaning on the fence how,
her elbow on the top. plank, her hand
under her chin, and her face uplifted —
the moon lighting her hair, her face
and eyes, and her voice the voice of one
slowly threading the mazes of a half
forgotten dream. Crittenden's own
face grew .tense as he watched her.
There was a tone in her voice that he
had hungered for all his- life; that he
had never heard but in his Imaginings
and in his dreams; that he had heard
sounding in the ears of another and
sounding at the same time the death
knell of the one hone that until now
had made effort worth while. All
evening she had played about his
spirit as a wistful, changeful light will
play over the fields when the moon, is
bright and clouds run swiftly. She
turned on him like a flame now.
She turned suddenly upon Him.
"Yes— something has happened to
you. I didn't know what you meant
that day we drove home, but I do now."
I feel it but I don't understand."..
Crittenden flushed, but made no an
swer.
"You could not have spoken to me in
the old days as you do now. Your in
stinct would have heldVou back. And
something has happened to me." Then
she began talking to him as frankly
and simply as a child to a child. ' It
was foolish and selfish, but it had hurt
her when he told her that he no longer
had his old feeling for her. It was self
ish and cruel it seemed, and was — but
she had felt hurt. Perhaps that was
vanity, wh5ch was net to her credit —
but that, too, she could not help. It
had hurt her every time he had said
anything from which she could infer
that her influence over him was less
than it once was— although, as a rule,
she did not like to have influence
over people. Maybe he wounded her as
his friend in this way, and, perhaps,
there was a- little vanity in this, too —
but a curious change was taken place
in their relations. Once he was always
trying to please her, and in those days
she would have made him suffer if he
had spoken to her then as he had late
ly — but he would not have spoken that
way then. And now she wondered why
she was not an«ry instead of being
hurt. And she wondered why she did
not like him less. Somehow, it seemed
quite fair that she shquld be the one
to suffer now, and Bhe was glad to
take her share — she had caused him and
others so much pain.
"He" — not e'ven now did she mention
his name— "wrote to me again, not long
ago, asking to see. me again. It . was
impossible. And it was the thought of
you that made me know how impos-,
slble it was— you." The girl laughed,
almost hardly, but she was thinking of
herself when she did — not of him.
The time and circumstance that
make woman the thing apart , in. a
man's life must come sooner or later
to all women, and women must -yield;
she knew that, but she had never
thought they could come to her— but
they had come, and she, too, must give
way.
count of yourself* -I never knew > a
man of your name, who didn't."
"Thank you, sir.". ..
. There was a long silence.
"Basil will hardly have time ; to get
his commission arid get to Tampa."
"No. But he can come after us." -
Why not.
She felt a sudden warmth in her
cheeks, her lips parted, and as she
turned from the sunset her eyes had all
its deep tender light.
> Dusk was falling, and already Rain
crow and Crittenden were jogging
along toward her at that hour— the last
trip for either for many a day— the last
for either in life, maybe — for Rain
crow, too, like his master, was going to
war — while Bob, at home, forbidden by
hi3 young captain to follow him ; to
Chlckamauga, trailed after Crittenden
about the place with the appealing look
of a dog — enraged now and then by the
taunts of the sharp-tongued Molly, who
had the little confidence in.the courage
of her fellows that mark her race.
Judith was waiting for him on the
porch, and Crittenden saw her from
afar. . T ¦;''.*,;.'"
She was dressed for the evening in
pure white — delicate, filmy — showing
her round, white throat and round,
white wrists. Her eyes were sofb and
welcoming and full of light: her man
ner was playful to the point of co
quetry; and in sharp contrast, now and
then, her face was intense with thought.
A faint, pink light was still diffused
from the afterglow, and she took him
down into her mother's garden, which
was old-fashioned and had grass walks
running down through it — bordered
with pink beds and hedges of rose
bushes.jAnd they passed under a shad
owed grape arbor and past a dead lo
cust treef which a vine had made Into
a green tower of waving tendrils, and
from which came the fragrant breath
of wild grape, and back again to the
gate, where Judith reached down for an
old-fashioned pink and pinned if in his
buttonhole, talking with low. friendly
affection, meanwhile, and turning
backward the leaves of the past rap
idly.
Did h« remember this— and that— and
that ? Memories — memories — memories.
Was there anything she had let go un
forgotten? And then, as they ap-,
proached the porch in answer to a sum
mons to supper, brought out by a little
negro girl, she said:
"You haven't told me what regiment
you are going with."
"I don't know."
Judith's eyes brightened. "I'm so
glad you have a commission.".
have no commission."
Judith looked puzzled." 1 "Why, your
mother "
"Yes, but I gave it to Basil." And he
explained in detail. He had asked Gen
eral Carter to give the commission to
Basil, and the general had said he
would gladly. And that morning the
colonel of the Legion had promised to
recommend Basil for the exchange.
This was one reason why he had come
back to the bluegrass. Judith's face
was growing more thoughtful while he
spoke, and a proud light was rising in
her eves.
"And are you coing as "
"As a private."'
"With the Rough Riders?"
"As a regular— a plain, common sol
dier, with plain, common soldiers. I am
trying to.be an American now — not a
Southerner. I've been drilling at Tam-
and Chickamauga with the regu
lars."
"You are much interested?"
"More than in anything for years."
She had seen this and she had re
sented it, foolishly, she knew, and with
out reason — but. still, she resented it.
"Think of it," Crittenden went on.
"It Is the first time in my life, almost.
I have known what It was to wish to
do something— to have a purpose — that
was not inspired by you." It was an
unconscious and rather ungracious
declaration of Independence— it was un
necessary—and Judith was surprised,
Crittenden pulled a telegram from his
pocket.
"To-morrow morning. I got this just
as I was leaving town."
"To-morrow!"
"It means life or death to me — this
telegram. And if it doesn't mean life,
I don't care for the other. I shall come
out with a commission or— not at all. If
dead. I shall be a hero— if alive," he
smiled. "I don't know what I'll be, but
think of me as a hero, dead or alive,
with my past and my present. I can
feel a change already, a sort of, grow
ing pain, at the very thought." x
"When do you go to Cuba?"
"Within four days."
"Four days! And you can talk as you
do, when you are going to war to live
the life of a common soldier— to die of ;
fever, to be killed, maybe," . her lip
shook .and she stopped, but she went on
thickly, "and to be thrown into an un
known grave or lie unburled in a jun
gle." She spoke with such sudden pas
sion that Crittenden was startled.
"Listen."
Judge Page appeared in the doorway,
welcoming Crittenden with old-time
grace and courtesy. Through supper,
Judith was silent and thoughtful and,
when she did talk, it was with a per
ceptible effort. There was a light In
her eves that he would have under
stood once — that would have put hi3
heart on fire. And once he met a look
that he was wholly at a loss to under- j
stand. ' After supper, she disappeared
while the two men smoked oil , the
porch. The mon was rising when she
came out again. The breath of honey
suckles was heavy on the air, and from
garden and fields floated Innumerable
odors of flowers and clover blossoms
and moist grasses. Crittenden lived
often through that scene afterward—
Judith on the highest step of the porch,
the light from the hallway on her
dress and her tightly folded hands:
her. face back in shadow, from which
her eyes glowed with a fire in them
that he had never seen before.
Judge Page rose soon to go indoors.
He did not believe there was going to
be much of a war, and his manner was
almost cheery when he bade the young
man good-by. %
"Good luck to you," he said. "If the
chance comes, you will give a good ac-
And so. durine her drive home, she
had thought all the way of him and of
herself since both were children— of his
love and his long faithfulness, and of
ner _ her— what? Yes she had been
something of a coquette— she had— she
had: but men had bothered and wor
ried her, and, usually, she couldn't help
acting as she had. She was bo sorry
for them ail that she had really tried
to like them alL She had succeeded but
once — and even that was a mistake.
But she remembered one thing; through
it all— far back as it all was— she had
never trifled with Crittenden. Before
him she had dropped foils and mask
and stood frankly face to face always.
There was something In him that had
always forced that. And he had loyed
her throuch it all. and he had suffered
—how much, it had really never oc
curred to her until she thought of a
sudden that he must have been hurt as
had she— hurt more; for what had been
only infatuation with her had been gen
uine passion In him; and the months of
her unhappiness scarcely matched the
years of his. There was none other in
her life now but him, and. somehow,
she was beginning to feel there never'
¦mould be. If there were only any way
that she could make amends.
Never had she thought with such- ten
derness of him. How strong and brave
he was; how high-minded and faithful.
And he was good, in spite of all that
foolish talk about himself. And all
her life he had loved her, and he had
suffered." She could see that he was
still unhappy. If. then, there was no
other, and if, when he came back from
the war— why not?
How every detail of earth and sky
was seared deep into the memory of the
vromen left behind that afternoon — as
each drove slowly homeward; for God
help the women in days of war! The
very peace of heaven lay upon the
earth. It sank from the low, moveless
clouds in the windless sky to the sunlit
trees in the windless woods, as still as
the long shadows under them. It lay
over the still seas of bluegrass — dap
pled In woodland, sunlit in open pas
ture — resting on low hills like a soft
cloud of bluish gray, clinging closely to
every line of every peaceful slope.
Stillness everywhere. Still cattle brows
ing in the distance; sheep asleep In the
far shade of a cliff, shadowing the still
stream; even the song of birds distant,
faint, restfuL Peace everywhere, but
little peace in the heart of the mother
to whose lips was raised once more the
self-same cup that she had drained so
long ago. Peace everywhere but for
Phyllis climbing the stairs to her room
and flinging herself upon her bed in a
racking passion of tears. God help the
women in the days of war! Peace from
the dome of heaven to the heart of
earth, but a gnawing unrest for Judith,
who walked very slowly down the
traveled walk to the stiles, and sat
looking over the quiet fields. Only in
her eves was 'the light not wholly of
sadness, but a proud light of sacrifice
and high resolve. Crittenden was corn
in? that night. He was going for good
now; he was coming to tell her good
by; and he must not go— to his death,
maybe — without knowing what she had
to tell him. It was not much— it was
very little, in return for his life-long
devotion— that she should at least tell
him how she had wholly outgrown her
girlish infatuation— she knew now that
it was nothing else — for the one man
who had stood In her life before him,
and that now there was no other
lover or friend— for whom she had the
genuine affection that she would always
have for him. She would tell him
frankly— she was a grown woman now
— because she thought she owed that
much to him— because, under the cir
cumstances, she thought It was her
duty; and he would not misunderstand
her, even if he really did not have
quite the old feeling for her. Then, re
calling what he had 1 said on the drive,
she laughed softly. It was preposter
ous. She understood all that He had
acted that little part so many times in
by-gone years. And she had always
pretended to take him seriously, for she
¦would have eiven him mortal offense
had she not; and she was pretending to
take him seriously now. And, anyhow,
•what could he misunderstand? There
was nothing to misunderstand.
the town had made ready to speed its
going.
Out of the shady woodland, and into
the bright sunlight, the young soldiers
came — to the music of stirring^hcrn and
drum— legs swinging rhythmically,
chins well set in, eyes to the front —
wheeling into the main street in perfect
form — their guns a moving forest of
glinting steel — colonel and staff su
perbly mounted — every heart beating
proudly against every blue blouse, and
sworn to give up its blood for the flag
waving over them— the flag the fathers
of many had so bitterly fought five and
thirty years before. Down the street
went the flash and glitter and steady
tramp of the solid columns, through
waving flags and handkerchiefs and
mad cheerE — cheers that rose before
them, swelled away on either side and
sank out of hearing behind them as
they marched — through faces bravely
smiling, when the eyes were full of
tears; faces tense with love, anxiety,
fear; faces sad with bitter memories of
the oM war. On the end of the first
rank was the boy Basil, file-leader of
hfs squad, swinging proudly, his hand
some face serious and fixed, his eyes
turnir.g to right nor left — seeing not his
mother, proud, white, tearless; nor
Crittenden, with a lump of love in his
throat; nor even Phyllis^— her pride in
her soldier-boy swept suddenly out of
her aching heart, her eyes brimming,
and her handkerchief at her mouth to
keep back the sob that surged at her
lil.s. The station at last, and then
cheers and kisses and sobs, and tears
ar.d cheers again, and a waf'ing of
hands and flags and handkerchiefs— a
column of smoke puffing on and on to
ward, the horizon— the vanishing per
spective of a rear platform filled with
jolly, reckless, waving, yelling soldiers,
and the. tragedy of the parting was
over.
"Bunkie," said Blackford, 4o a dare
devil like himself, "welcome to the
Spanish bullet that knocks for entrance
here"— tapping his heart. Basil struck
the cup from his hand, and Blackford
swore, laughed and put his arm around
the boy. ""
morous mouth, there was a kindly
look in his blue eye that pleased Crit
tenden mishtily. As for the old ser
geant, he could never forget that the
soldier was a Crittenden-7-one of his
revered Crittendens. And, while he
was particularly stern with him in the
presence of his comrades, for fear that
he might be betrayed into showing^par
tiality — he was always drifting around
to eivo him a tvord of advice and to
shake his head over the step that Crit
tenden had taken.
» That step had done him good In body
and soul. It had made him lean and
tanned; It sharpened and strengthened
his profile: it cleared his eya and set
tled his lips even more firmly. Tobac
j:o and liquor were scarce, and from
disuse he got a new sensation of men
tal clearness and physical cleanliness
that was comforting and invigorating,
and helped bring back the freshness of
his boyhood.
For the first time in many years, his
days were full of work and, asleep,
awake, or at work, his hours were
clocklike and steadied him into ma
chine-like regularity. It was work of
his hands, to be sure, and not even
high work of that kind, but still it
was work. And the measure of the
self-respect that this fact alone brought
him was worth It all. Already his mind
was taking character from -his body.
He was distinctly less morbid and he
found himself thinking during those
long days of the sail of what he s!>ould
do after the war was over. His de
sire to get killed was gone, and !t was
slowly being forced on him that he had
been priggish, pompous, self-r.bsorbed,
hair-splitting, lazy, good-for-nothing,
when there was no need for him to
be other than what he meant to be
when he got back. And as for Judith,
he felt the bitterness of gall for him
self when he thought of her, and he
never allowed himself to think of her
except to absolve her. as he knew she
would not absolve herself, and to curse
himself heartily and bitterly. He un
derstood now. It was just her thought
of his faithfulness, her feeling of re
sponsibility for hlm-^the thought that
she had not been as kind to him as
she might have been (and she had al
ways been kinder than he deserved)—
all this had loosed her tears and her
self-control and had thrown her into
a mood of reckless self-sacrifice.' And
when she looked up into hl3 face that
night of the parting He felt her look
ing into his soul and seeing his shame
that he had lost his love because he
had lost himself, and she was quite
right to turn from him, as she did.
without another word. Already, how
ever he was healthy enough to believe
that' he was not quite so hopeless as
she must think him— not as hopeless
as he had thought himself. Life now.
with even a soldier's work, was far
from being as worthless as life
with a gentleman's idleness had
been He was honest enough to
take no credit for the clean change in
his life— no other life was passible; but
he was teaming the practical value and
mental comfort of straight living as
he had never learned them before.
And he was not so prone to meta
physics and morbid self-examination
a 3 he once was. and he shook off a
mood of that kind when it came—im
patiently—as he shook it off now. He
was a soldier now, and his province
was action and no more thought than
his superiors allowed him. And, stand
ing thus, at sunrise, on the plunging
bow of the ship, with his eager, sensi
tive face splitting the swift wind— he
might have stood to any thoughtful
American who knew his character and
his history as a national hope and a
.national danger. The nation, meas
ured by Its Bwift leap into maturity,
its striking power to keep going at the
same swift pace, was about his age.
South, North and West it had lived,
or was living his life. It had his faults
and his virtues; like him. It was high
eplrited, high-minded, alert, active,
manly, generous, and with it, as with
him. the bad, was circumstantial,
trivial. Incipient: the good was bred In
the Saxon bone and lasting as rock.
There was little perceptible change in
the American officer and soldier, now
tha.t the work was about actually" to
begin. Allttle more soberness was ap
parent. Every one was still simple, na
tural, matter-of-fact. But that night,
doubtless, each man dreamed his
dream. The West Point stripling: saw
in his empty shoulder-straps a single
bar, as the man above him saw two
tiny bars where he had been proud of
one. The captain led a battalion, the
major charged at the head of a thou
sand strong; the colonel plucked a star
and the brigadier heard the tramp of
hosts behind him. And who knows
how many bold spirits leaped at once,
that night from acorns to stars; and
if there were not more than one who
saw himself the war-god of the an
xious nation behind— saw, maybe, even
the doors of the White House swing
open at the conquering sound of his
coming feet. And, through the dreams
of all waved aimlessly the mighty wand
of the blind master— fate— giving death
to a passion for glory here; disappoint
ment bitter as death to a noble ambi
tion there; and there giving unsought
fame where was Indifference to death;
and, then, to lend substance to the
phantom of Just deserts, giving a mor
tal here and there the exact fulfillment
of his dream.
Two toasts were drunk, that night
one by the men who were to lead the
Rough Riders of the West.
"May the war last till each man
meets death, wears a wound, or wins
himself better spurs."
And, in the hold of the same ship, an
other In whisky from a tin cup be
.tween two comrades: x
With the men, Crittenden was popu
lar, for he did his work thoroughly,
asked no favors, shirked no, duties.
There were several officers* sons among
them working for commissions, - and,
naturally, he drifted to them, and he
found them all good fellows. Of Black
ford, he was rather wary, after Rivers'
short history of him. but as he was
friendly, unselfish, had a high sense of
personal honor, and 'a peculiar rever
ence lor women, Crittenden asked no
further questions, and was sorry, when
he came back to Tampa, to find him
gone with the Rough . Riders. "With
Reynolds, he was particularly popular,
and he never knew that the story of
the Tampa fight had gone to all the'
line officers of the regiment, and that
nearly every one of them knew him by
sight and knew his history. Only once
from an officer, however, and steadily
always from the old sergeant, could he
feel that he was regarded in a different
light from the humblest soldier in the
ranks— which is lust what he would
have asked. The colonel had cast an
envious eye on Raincrow at Tampa,
and. straightway, he had taken the lib
erty of getting the sergeant to take the
horse to the colonel's tent with the re
quest that he use him throughout the
campaign. The horse came back with
the colonel's thanks: but, when the or
der came that the cavalry was to go
unmounted, the colonel sent word that
he would take the horse now, as the
soldier could not use him. So Rain
crow was aboard the ship, and the old
cc-lohel, coming down to look at the
horse one day. found Crittenden feed
ing him." and thanked him and asked
him how he was getting along: and,
while there was a smile about, his hu-
It was hard for him to believe that he
really was going to war, even now, when
the long sail was near an end and the
ships were running fearlessly along the
big, grim coast . mountains of Cuba,
with bands playing and colors to the
breeze; hard to realize that he was not
to land in peace and safety and, in
peace and safety, go back as he came;
that a little farther down those gashed
mountains, showing ever clearer
through the mist, were men with whom
the culet officers and men around him
would soon be in a death grapplel The
thought stirred him, and he looked
around at the big, strong, fellows—in
telligent, orderly, obedient, good na
tured and patient; patient, restless
and sick as they were from the dread
ful hencoop life they had led for so
many days— patient beyond words. He
had risen early that morning. The
rose light over the eastern water was
whitening, and all faces gray in the
coming dawn and their attitudes sug
gesting ghastly premonitions—premo
nitions that would come' true fast
enough for some of the poor fellows —
perhaps for him. Stepping between
between and over the prostrate bodies,
he made his way forward and leaned
over the prow, with his. hat In his hand
and his hair blowing back from his
forehead.
Already his face had ¦ suffered a
change. For more than three weeks
he had been merely a plain man among
plain men. .At once when he became
Private Crittenden, No. 63, Company C.
—th -United States Regular Cavalry, at
Tampa, he was shorn of his former es
tate as completely as though in the
process he had been wholly merged in
to some, other man. The officers, at
whose table he had once sat, answered
his salute precisely as they answered
any soldier's. He had seen Rivers but
seldom— but once only on the old foot
ing, and that was on the night he went
on board, when Rivers came to tell him
good-by and jj to bitterly bemoan the
luck that, as was his fear from the be
ginr* .g, had put him among the ill
starred ones chosen stay behind at
Tampa and take care of the horses;. as
hostlers, he said, with deep disgust,
adding hungrily:
"I wish I were in your place."
pose they won't throw you overboard.
What's your name?"
"Bob, suh— Bob Crittenden." . ' •
"Crittenden." repeated Grafton, smil
ing. "Oh, yes, I know him; I should
say so! So he^s a captain?"
"Yes, suh," said Bob, not quite sure
whether he was lying or not.
Grafton snoke to an 'officer, and was
allowed to take Bob for his own ser
vant, though the officer said he did
not remember any captain of that name
in the — th. To the newspaper .man,
Bob 'was a godsend: for humor was
scarce on board and "jollying" Bob was
a welcome diversion. He learned many
things of Crictenden and the* Critten
dens, and what great people they had
always been and still were; but at a
certain pbint Bob was evasive or
dumb— and the correspondent respected
the servant's delicacy about family af
fairs and went no further along that
line — he had no curiosity, and was
questioning idly and for fun, but
treated Bob kindly and, in return, the
fat of the ship, through Bob's keen eye
and quick hand, was his, therafter,
from day to day.
Grafton was not storing up much ma
terial for use; but he would have been
much surprised if he could have looked
straight across' to the deck of the ship
running parallel to his and have seen
the dignified "young statesman whom
he had heard speak at the recruiting
camp in Kentucky; who made him
think of Henry Clay; whom he had seen
whisking a beautiful girl from the
camp in the smartest turn-out he had
seen South — had seen him now as Pri
vate Crittenden. with his fast friend,
'Abe Long, and passing in his company
because of. his bearing under a sobri
quet, donated by his late enemy, Rey
nolds, as "Old Hamlet of Kentucky."
And Crittenden would have been sur
prised had he known that the active
darky whom he saw carrying coffee
and shoes to a certain stateroom was
none other than Bob waiting on Graf
ton, and that the Rough Rider. whom
he saw scribbling on a pad in the rig
ging of the Yucatan was none other
than Basil writing one of his bulletins
home. .'
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAL11
3(Copyright, 1903, by W. W. Hines.)
rv~^ "^"Ti3 *^ LETTICE was
I irlncX&PaYSt the mind of Donald
hearted gentleman
n£a!j&tyX:iKffl a * ea fourteen, that
|>~^£anr~MTTYy<{J this fit of tears had
! »' - to do with the vis
itor who had Just left her.. There
fore, It was befitting- that this
visitor should return and make
prompt apology to Miss Lettlce
for anything in his words or actions
which might have caused tears. Zt
seemed to Donald that It. was both his
peculiar duty and much-to-be-valued
privilege to bring back this visitor and
see that the apology was made, even if
It should be necessary to resort to force
to accomplish the desired end.
There would be odds against him, he
reflected, as he* thought of the strang
er's broad shoulders and athletic ap
pearance, but odds in battle were not
to be considered by en Ordway, nor
was it well that one of the family
should contemplate the bare possibil
ity of defeat in any warlike undertak
ing. Of course, defeat was possible,
but one could and did put It out of his
mind In coins Into battla.
Therefore Donald set out hastily
along the oak arched driveway which
led to the big gate. It was his calcu
lation that be would be able to over
take the late visitor Just outside the
boundary of the Orflway demesne, and
this cheered him, for It would not do
to attack a guest within your gates.
Once outside the gates, the duties of
hospitality do not shield the offender.
This was in the code of Donald's blue
grass country, and was not to be ques
tioned by one who was raised upon
the lessons furnished by that code.
And Just beyond the big gates he did
overtake the visitor, who was walking
along the roadside towards the sta
tion, slashing angrily at weeds with his
cane. Donald had not figured on the
cane, and wished that he had thought
to provide himself with a weapon of
some sort But there was no time to
hesitate, and he made haste to put him
self alongside his adversary-to-be.
"Pardon me, sir," said Donald, "for
Interrupting you." The whole proced
ure must be carried through with per
fect politeness. Rudeness, even to an
enemy, was never justifiable— Donald
recollected having heard his father
often say that.
The man with the cane came to a
stop.
"Well, what Is It, young man?" he
said, somewhat brusquely. This
brusqueness was very ungentlemanly,
thought Donald, but the man was a
Northerner, and this, in Donald's eyes,
pleaded that he knew no better.
"You are Mr, Douglass?" He had
seen the card on the tray in the hall.
"Yes,- what "of ft?" this brusquely as
before. Then, "Did Miss Mason send
you after me?" with * trace of eager
ness In his voice,
"Certainly not, sir/' said Donald, with
dignity, "I have come on my; own ac
count, sir." Zt was not in the code that
ons should drag the name of a woman
in the quarrels of men.
"Well, what do you want?" The
bruEqueneis was t gain quit* trident
"It will be necessary for you, sir, to
apologize to my cousin, Miss Lettlce
Mason." •
"Apologize to Miss Mason!" •
"You have heard me correctly, sir."
Donald was greatly rejoiced at the firm
dignity of his own tones. He felt that
he was carrying through. his part In the
affair In a way which would have, won
the sincere commendation of his father
and even of his grandfather, who had
been the most famous duelist of his
day and State.
"But, young man, I don't owe Miss
Mason any apology." %
"That, sir, is a question which you
must permit me to decide. Miss Mason
Is, as I have said, my cousin. We Ord
ways" — there was a quiver of oride in
the way which Donald pronounced the
name— "are not accustomed to receive
instructions from outsiders upon mat
ters of etiquette."
"What makes you think I owe Miss
Mason an apology?"
"Is it not enough, sir, for you. to
know that I deem an apology neces
sary?" .»
Now his prospective antagonist threw
back his head and laughed, loud, and
long. Donald waited patiently until
the fit of- laughter had passed— it was
merely another item to 6e added to
Mr. Douglass' count of rudeness. There
had been nothing In the Ordway': blood
or the Ordway upbringing to teach this
fourteen-year-old . descendant of the
Cavaliers that there!; was anything
ridiculous in bis demanding, without
condescending to explain, an apology
from a bearded man of thirty.
"No," said Mr. Douglass, still half
choked with laughter. 'It Is not enough
for ma to know that yon consider an
be well to explain. J^ftr -.',
"Miss Mason, my cousin, upon whom
you called a few. minutes ago, went to
her rooms in tears as you left. I nat
urally take It for granted that you said
something to offend her.**
"In tears! Something to offend her!
Are you quite sure about the tears, my
boy?" There was eagerness In the
questioner's tones. '
"Certainly. I am sure."
"Then come with me and watch me
apologize."
And Donald's rather short legs found
much difficulty In keeping pace with
the longer ones of Mr. Douglass. In
fact, Mr. Douglass reached the house a
good five minutes before Donald came
up, puffing and blowing. He could not
understand why his cousin should be
standing there in the doorway with her
head on Mr. Douglass' shoulders and
crying at the same time. He pushed
forward fiercely.
"Oh, Donald, Donald, dear." said
Miss Lettlce, smiling almost happily
through a mist of tears. Donald went
forward more Blowly, confronting
something now which he did not pre
tend to understand. x
"I've apologized, Donald," said Mr.
Douglass. .
It was not to be expected that Don
ald, at the age of fourteen, should have
arrived at an understanding of woman
nature sufficient to comprehend that
Miss Lettlce had rejected Mr. Doug
lass, and' that the tears which she shed
were tears of regret at her own action.
Nor did he understand exactly the part
he had himself played in bringing back
the man who had been rejected—bring
ing him back to be accepted.
But,, despite the fact that, he was
only fourteen, Donald was the best
man at the wedding.
apology necessary. 1 must catch my
train and will bid you good afternoon."
With this he turned and would have
walked forward, but i that Donald laid
a detaining hand on his arm. .
"Then you must fight me, sir."
"Now look here, you young savage,
why don't you pick out a man of your
size instead of trying to pick a quarrel
with a little fellow like myself?" Evi
dently Mr. Douglass was inclined to
consider the whole affair a joke, for he
threw up his arms In a position of de
fense which Donald could readily see
was burlesqued.
All that could be demanded of even
the Ordway courtesy was passed and,
the limit reached, Donald struck with
all his might at the head of his antago
nist. But the antagonist would not
fight fairly. He simply grasped both
of Donald's small . hands, in his own
big palms, held them fast and when
the upholder of the Ordway name at
tempted to kick he found himself ly
ing flat on his back.
"Now, youngster, come down off
your high horse a bit and tell me what
Is the matter with you."
Searching his memory for some pre
cedent of his own Donald
found nono. His ancestors had, some
of them, been imprisoned for uphold
ing what they believed to be their right
or. their honor, but none, so far as
Donald knew, had ever been so ig
nomlniously treated as himself. The
big tears welled up to, his eyes and
were prevented from overflowing only
by pride. 'His opponent caught. sight
of the tears and at onee released him.
Thie was putting Donald on honor not
to renew hostilities without due warn
ing. He drew himself up with all the
remains of dignity which he could
command.
"You have the better of me. sir. In
the matter of strength. But rest as
sured that I shall not permit the mat
ter to drop.. You will hear from me
again, sir."
"Now; youngster, tell me what Is the
matter. . If I . owe an apology you can
bet I will make it at once." I
Truly this Northerner, was not so en
tirely dftflcjeat l» cqtirtesy. It might
DONALD'S INTERFERENCE
By W. W. Mines
Campbell pulled up v Cyclone and
watched. There had been no school
at Devl!s Tower for over a year. The
last teacher had been a young fellow
from Kansas City. The two Chibouque
(Copyright. 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
'"ilfflllWIffnnmnm HE first time .that
g«r.r7iffl-iarang Campbell saw her
J ft5i BSJjJfi phe was standing In
tjk ! [IsqIh t * le doorway of the
5§l 2 RB^Jfl schoolnouse - ringing
K5*V- -mTrylri sounding bell, while
mffiwiriVtrmivrS the children scurried
in all directions like a flock of fright
ened sage hens.
Many parents who -are disposed to
give a regular, allowance to their chil
dren have not done bo for the reason
that they cannot decide what would be
a proper amount to give them. This is
a question which parents must decide
for themselves. However, It should not
be forgotten that, other things being
equal, the smaller the amount the bet
ter for the child. Too many children
have been trained by their parents to
become spendthrifts long before they
have left the parental roof. The chil
dren of some parents will need more
than the children of others. Five cents
each week will seem more to some chil
dren* than would five dollars to others.
In most cases the first mentioned
amount would be far better than the
larger amount; however, the age and
the proper demands upon the child and
other considerations must determine
the amount to be allowed. *
While many would change the nlan
to suit their own Ideas. It is believed
that some such plan as the one men
tioned might well be adopted by the
majority of the parents.
"Miss Woodford" — Jack looked at
her with mock reproach—"I am pained
that you should thus undervalue my
yachtamanshlp. Nothing but patriotic
feeling prevented my offering my ex
pert services to Sir Thoraaa for Sham
rock III. Step on board the Widgeon,
ladies, and fear nothing."
But fear entered Gertrude's heart
more than once when they had left the
little harbor and she noted the darken
ing horizon.
Mrs. Armitage was sitting near
Garst, beautiful in her soft white flan
nel yachting suit. After half an hour's
Bailing Gertrude crossed to where
Jack Clifford sat at the helm, thus
bringing herself on Garst'a other side.
"Do put back," she whispered to
Clifford. "We are going to have a
squall, and a bad one."
After a critical glanca at the sky
Jack put the boat's head around. But
even as he did so a cold blast, which
was as the foreboding of coming ill,
shivered over them. Gertrude drew her
breath hard. She alone knew what the
wind would be when It struck them.
Suddenly, as IX she had received a
mortal blow, the Widgeon went over
over until her mainsail lay almost level
on the water. With a horrible hungry,
suggestive hisa the sea rose over the
combings of the hatchway.
Too terrified to scream, the ¦nnm»
held their breath, clinging for dear life
to whatever they could hold on by.
Mrs. Armitage flung herself oa Oarsfs
shoulder.
"Stephen! Save me!"
But In that moment when death
seemed upon them he was not even
aware of her presence. His arm want
around* the girl at his side and drew
her close, his llpa brushing her cheek,
while her damp hair blew against hia
face. Gertrude scarcely cared whether
It was life or death.
Then she suddenly wrenched herself
free and flung her weight upon the til
ler, putting it hard to port, for Jack's
amateur skill seemed to have deserted
him. The Widgeon came round, shud
dering 1. Into the wind, and lay ICee a
frightened thing with flapping Balls
while the squall raced by.
"I think we owe our lives to you.
Miss Woodford." One of the woman
from the Ocean View approached Ger
trude when they were safely landed on
the wharf, but Garst drew her aside.
"Sweetheart!" His voice vibrated as
he bent over her.
Mrs. Armitage turned to look after
them, lifting an end of her bedraggled
flannel skirt.
"Well." she said slowly, "for nerve,
give me a native!"
HOW MUCH MON^Y SHOULD
CHILDREN BE GIVEN?
yachting party arranged for the next
morning.
"You forget that I am a 'native.'
The summer people might object." she
said with a bitter ¦ little smile, and
Garst set his heel Into the ground aa
he listened.
When they reached the wharf Ger
trude turned to Jack Clifford.
"Old Captain Lufkln la sick and
can't go, the boy tells me." she said
auickly. "I think we had better give
up the trip."
"The old nlan very considerately
'shuffled oft this mortal coil* two years
ago, leaving hef complete mistress of
his millions," Jack rambled on. "My
own opinion is that this alighting next
door to where she knew Stephen was
staying, in the subdued attractiveness
of second mourning. Is the beginning
of the end. You should have seen him
start when he saw her on the hotel
piazza to-night."
Gertrude rose quickly.
"How cold it is up here," she said.
with a rhiver. "Let us get back to the
house."
A group from the summer hotels and
cottages was standing near Mrs. Wood
ford's house, watching the sunset, when
they descended. Gertrude would have
passed on, but Jack Clifford detained
her. Unwilling as she was. she had' to
submit to an introduction to Mrs.
Armitage, Stephen Garst's former
fiancee. The latter turned to her at once
with a scrutinizing look. The girl was
too pretty not to be dangerous.
"It is beautiful here In these late
summer weeks," she drawled. * •
"I think it beautiful at all times. Tha
Cape is my home," Gertrude answered
quietly.
"Indeed! Then you ore a— native.
I should hardly have thought it"
A 'faint color rose under the girl's
skin at the supercilious tone.
"Miss • Woodf ord's forefathers settled
here over 200 years ago," Garst broke
In quietly. "I believe her ancestors for
six generations back are burled In the
little cemetery at Plum Cove. Not
many of us can go as far back as that."
Mrs. Armitage looked quickly from
Garst to the girl beyond him. But
Gertrude had left the group with her
head held high. She wanted none of
Garst's vindication of her family. She
had almost reached the house when be
overtook her.
"One moment,." he pleaded. "I want
so much to speak to you to-night."
"I am afraid I must auk you to ex
cuse me," she said icily.
Had Garst known that the cold, di
rect look which she sent Into hia eyes
was really the outcome of burning Jeal
ousy, he would not have turned away
with so heavy a heart.
Jack Clifford had hard work to per
suade her to accompany them on the
" 'For she is come, she is here,' as
Jean Ingelow says in 'The Letter L.' "
"Here?"
"Yes: at the Ocean View. I saw her
on the pin7za to-night as I came up
from the train. Handsorrfer than ever,
by ¦Jove! Tall woman, with bronze
hair."
"Bronzed, you mean. I saw her ar
rive this morning," Gertrude said
coldly. /
"She tried to stuff it down Stephen's
throat that she was sacrificing herself
to save her father from financial ruin,
and I think he believed her," Jack went
on. "Then she attempted a platonic
correspondence with him after her
marriage, but he would have none of
it. All the same, I don't believe he has
ever, quite forgotten her. Anyway, he
could not do so now, even if he would."
••What do you mean?"
"Well, I suppose it won't do any harm
to tell you," Jack hesitated, "though
we never speak of it when he is pres
ent. His leg was crushed in a railway
accident, trying to save the girl to
whom he was engaged."
"Did he save her?"
"Yes."
"Then why were they not married?"
\ "Oh, she threw him over for a man
twice his age and the trifling adjunct
of $3,000,000."
Gertrude Woodford drew her breath
sharply.
He was looking gravely into her eyes
and the color mounted to her temples.
"Stephen, the fish is getting cold," hls
cousin called impatiently, and Gertrude'
went quickly into the house.
In compliance with a previous prom
ise to Jack Clifford, she went with him
after supper to see the sunset from a
hill near by. When they were seated
on a bowlder, watching the vast sweep
of ocean and crimsoning sky, she
turned suddenly to her companion.
"Why is Mr. Garst lame?" she asked
gently.
in spite of the fact that he walked with
a slight limp.
"It Is heavenly here after even a day
in town," he said. "I have Just beten
thinking that the most marvelous
changes in our lives come when we
least expect them. I wonder if you
know what this summer has been to
me?"
"Who's trifling with my august ap- #
pellation," called a gay voice as a
young fellow sv.-ung himself on to the
piazza. "Miss Woodford, I don't know
which I shall devour first, you or the
peaches, I'm so ravenous." .
"I was Just going to say that your
appetite 5s i all right, anyhow," Mrs.
Woodward laughed. "Did your cousin
come down with you?" she added.
"Yes, Garst got as far as the ham
mock and collapsed."
"Go and call him, Gertrude. Supper
is ready," her mother said.'
The girl rose and went through the
hall. Inside the door she paused,
looking with darkening eyes at the man
who lay at full length in the hammock.
The slight clash of the screen as she
stepped outside caused him to turn. He
sprang up at once and came toward
her, showing a strong, clean-shaven
face and a figure singularly muscular
\ —^ fl -H. Gertrude, won't
'SF^irf 'most train time and
U«flpE22agjaa«JJ The voice came
v/lth a pleasantly
suggestive clink of dishes through the"
Bcreen door to where Gertrude Wood
v» \rd stood under a large elm.
; 'I think the train is in," she an
swered, entering the cool, pleasant
house in answer to her mother's call.
"For the land's sake!" Mrs. Wood
ford turned to her handmaid and gave
an order with epnie asperity. Keeping
summer boarders v.as really the one ex
citement of her dull life, eagerly looked
forward to during the long winter
months when her daughter pursued her
musical career in the city and she lived
alone on the rugged Cape.
"Small this year, aren't they?" she
said, watching her daughter's pretty
bent head and referring to the fruit.
"Not more so than usual," the girl
lauched.
"Well, I don't care," Mrs. Woodward
declared. "Mr. Garst says he never
tasted sweeter peaches, and as to Mr.
Clifford"
Wooing "A Native"
•By M. Louise Cummins
The little schoolma'am bent forward
and gave the offending member a royal
slap with an oak ruler. Jules. howled
in pain, and Campbell rode en rejoicing.
It was a good commanding voice.
Campbell . waited. Jules stalked down
to the -desk, and was ordered to> crawl
beneath it In disgrace. A knothole of
fered golden opportunities, and Jule's
tongue wagged merrily through it to
an appreciative audience.
Campbell -stared at the new school
ma'am ; admiringly. More than that,
when her flock was safe inside he rode
leisurely up. to the open windows and
stared In them, not rudely but inter
estedly.
She looked absurdly young, perched
up. behind the rough plank desk. She
was fair. A bunch of purple wild flow
ers was fastened in ner hair. Jules
Chiboque fired a tattered hat at the
row of nails back of the teacher. • It
fell short of the mark and struck the
bunch of purple flowers. Campbell's
leg was half cut of the saddle when
the girl called: s
"Jules, you come here."
ooys did him up one day when he called
Louis "a half-breed ignoramus." Louis
said he wouldn't be called any name
he didn't know the meaning of. The
risk was too great. So he did up the
teacher, and the key was turned in the
schoolhouse door.
He found out at the Arrow Head
Ranch that she was old Colby's niece;
and was boarding there. Also that she
was nineteen, from Chicago and her
name was Ethel Maude Colby. The
Colby did not affect him. but all the
way home from the ranch, and during
the weeks that followed, the name
of Ethel rang in his ears like a refrain
of half forgotten music.
Every day Campbell rode up the
river road and looked in the school
house window Just for a glimpse of
the pretty blonde head. One Satur
day night he started wildly for the Ar
row Head Ranch, and all the way home
Cyclone kept pace with his Joyous
whistling, for he had been introduced
to her, and she had blushed, and all the
world was full of promise. }
After that night Cyclone was rid
den at a breakneck speed every after
noon from Campbell's ranch down at
Five Forks, to the bend in the river
road, there to wait patiently and peace
fully until a certain ficrure in a trim
gray skirt and white shirt-waist rode
down the path from the schoolhouse
on a black pony,. and greeted him with
sky-eyed pleasure.
"Reckon Tom Campbell's shining up
to ye, Ethel." old Colby said gravely,
when the wooing was well advanced.
The girl laughed and bent lower over
her books at the kitchen table.
"It isn't anything. Uncle Ben."
The old ranchman glanced at her
keenly through the rifts of smoke from
his pipe.
"Aint it? Tom seems to think it is.
Got any objections to* him?"
Ethel laughed and shook her head. i
"He's just a cowboy," she said, and
¦J>vils Tower was to know discipline
at last.
"No. you mustn't. Wait till it lets
up a bit." He lifted her pearl handled
pen tenderly and curiously, as if it had
been a stray feather dropped from an
angel's wing. "That's a mighty pretty
thing, ain't it?" He met her eyes sud
denly. "Say. I -want to know If you
meant what you said yonder, about my
being a no account, rough and tumble
cowboy?" i
"I dldh't say that."
"But you meant it." Her lashes
drooped, guilty under his steady gaze.
"I don't blame you. I know I'm differ
ent from your city breed. But love
com«s the same to a man whether he's
a professor or a cowboy, you know.
I'd make you mighty happy. Ethel. If
you'd let me." His voice was low and
tender. "Seems as If I don't want any
thing in life but you."
He bent nearer .over the narrow,
rtfughly painted desk, his eyes on a
level with her own. but she looked away
from him out of the little side window.
It was splashed and blurred with rain,
but she could see the faint outlines of
the hills that lay like a barrier between
looked up to find Tom Campbell's six
foot-two blocking the kitchen door.
There was a look in his frank gray eyes
she had never, seen there, not of anger
or defeat, but simply determination.
The following day. long after the last
of th« -children had gone, the school
ma'am still sat at her desk. It had
been raining all day. a wild, autumn
rain that came in fitful dashes against
the window panes, with now and then
the heavy crash* of thunder. The door
opened i suddenly with a bang, and
Campbell entered, dripping with rain
and smiling.
"I was just passing by." he began, as
if he had not raced his bronco for the
last five miles. "It's a bad storm, and
getting worse." • i
"I must go, then." She rose hastily
and reached for her. hat on the row of
nails back of her desk.
He came over and leaned, on the
desk.
"I can't,". she answered over her
shoulder, as the pony shook herself
free. "The bridge is safe."
Before he could stop her she had rid
den forward on to the frail logs that
shuddered and strained at the shock.
There was a sudden rending, crushing
sound, and the next instant the logs
had parted and swept away on the
foaming waters with Gypsy's terrified
head and pawing hoofs showing be
tween them.
One cry for help reached Campbell's
ears, but that one changed »U the
world.
"Tom! Tom!" she called, and he
headed Cyclone down stream In a race
with the swollen, rushing river. As he
came abreast of her he raised himself
In his stirrups and swung hia lariat
straight for the pony's head. It fell
and drew taut. Cyclone braced for the
shock, as he had in many aVound-up
capture, and in a few seconds the black
pony was stumbling up the bank,
drenched and half-strangled, but with
her burden still safe in the saddle.
Campbell lifted the slim, fainting fig
ure down ajid held her close In his
arms, her white face on his shoulder.
For one brief Instant she seemed all hia
own, and he bent and kissed the pale,
sweet lips that had so nearly drained
the cup of death.
"Mine," he whispered beneath hia
breath. "Mine, Just for now."
Her eyes opened and she smiled up
at him.
"For always. Tom." she said softly*
"I'm glad you're a cowboy."
It was nearly two miles to the old
log bridge that spanned the river.
Campbell did not try to talk. He took
her silence and reserve as his answer,
but his face looked almost stern in the
shadow of his sombrero as he rode he
side the black pony. As they neared
the log bridge a vivid flash of lightning
made both horses rear, and he caught
Gypsy's bridle.
"We can't cress the river," he said.
"You'll have to turn back."
"If you do I shall go. too. The dam
up at Caribou Hun brokf? at 4 o'clock,
and the river's racing like a mountain
cascade."
the range country and the outer world.
She had always hoped to go back some
day. but the spell of the open and the
glory of the freedom stole over her
with the lov/ music of his voice. Some
where in her heart she caught the echo
to his own words, and knew the power
of their meaning.
"Seems as if I don't want anything
In life but you." ~i '•¦* r *.. :
A crash of thunder shook the little
frame building, and she rose unsiead
"y.
"Will you please brin* Gypsy from
the shed for me?" she said. "I must so
before dark."
He hesitated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO . SUNDAY CALIl
THE GIRL AT DEVIL'S TOWER
4
The New Literary
Two Full Pages
Fascinating
H alx* no hi*
•Storiettes.burning. Then he sat down at the
table and wrote rapidly:
"Dear Old Mac — You will find the ba
con cut and the eggs ready for scram
bling. The coffee Is all made, and . Is
pretty good this morning. I have
taken some of your cartridges. I found
I didn't have quite enough of my own,
and I may not have a chance . to get
any more. I am going away now. I
shall not be back. I hope the rabbit
pie will turn out to be a good one.
Yours, HENDERSON."
He folded the letter and placed. It
under Macdonald's cup. Then he took
the saddle to the stable, cinched It
tightly on the pony, took his rifle,
mounted, and rode away up the trail
which led directly Into the mountains.
An hour later Macdonald returned
with <flve rabbits swinging at his side.
He was whistling. In one hand was
his game and ln the other he carried
his rifle. When he reached the door
of the cabin he kicked it to attract
- Henderson's attention. "Open the
door, will you, old man?" he called.
There was no answer. Macdonald
put down his rifle and entered. "Prob
ably he's out at the stable," he thought
Then he saw the letter.
Macdonald sat down and stared
blankly before him. "Won't be back!"
he exclaimed. "Won't be back. What
In does all this mean?"
He went to the door and looked up
and down the trail from the stable.
There was no marks of a horse's feet
showing' on the frozen earth. Return
ing to the cabin he cooked his eggs
and bacon, ate hurriedly, and again
slinging his rifle over his arm he walked
rapidly in the direction of Alamosa.
Henderson rode all day. At night
he had come to the very crest of the
mountain where the trail descended
to the camp on the other side. It was
near « o'clock. A moon was rising
somewhere in the east, and Hender
son watched It eagerly. He took from
his saddlebag a can of meat and opened
It, eating ravenously. The pony
watched him. She whinnied, and called
his attention to the fact that she had
had nothing to eat since morning.
Henderson rose from the snow and
put her bridle rein back over the sad
dle and led her to the trail which led
back toward his cabin. "Go home, old
girl," he said, "but don't tell them
where you left me. This is as good
a place as any ln which to die. Go
home." •
The pony started down the trail.
Henderson took a cartridge from his
belt and fitted it Into his rifle. "I
wonder," he said,* "if they kill
quickly?"
He placed the butt of the trun
against a jagged rock— the muzzle over
his heart Then he turned and looked
out over the east to the moon, which
was big and round and beautiful.
While he stood watching a soft, indla
rubber-like nose was pushed over his
shoulder, and the ugliest pony in all
the San Luis said as plainly as a horse
can say things that she was hungry
and wanted to go home. Henderson
dropped the rifle Into the snow. "We'll
give them one more chance, old lady.**
he said.
Then he climbed wearily Into the sad
dle and rode down toward the valley.
When he reached Alamosa he took
the pony to the stable and fed her
royally.
Afterward he went to the postofflce.
There was a letter there for him. This
Is what it said:
"My Dear— I am so sorry, so dread
fully sorry, about It an. Mr. Macdonald
has written Frances how you would not
tell me about your failures and all that
sort of thing. Why didn't you? Why
couldn't you have told me. that you
wanted me to help you fight out? I
would, dear— oh, I would. .And why
didn't you ask me whether I cared —
cared more than anything ln the whole
world? Why didn't you, dear? Surely,
to ask me to love you wouldn't be ask
ing so vary much. I am waiting, dear.
Will you come. KATHERINE."
Henderson came out of the postofSce
and found in front of the hotel a group
of men. They were mounted and evi
dently, ready to ride away. Macdonald
was with them. "We'll go first up the
trail toward Sunnyslde," he said.
Henderson walked over to the group.
"Were you looking for me. old man?"
he asked. "If you were you're Just in
time to go with me to the station. The
train leaves at midnight"
Then he handed the letter to Macdon
ald.
When the little narrow gauge train
pulled out that night Henderson occu
pied one of the bertha of th« Denver
sleeper. Three days later he was ln
New YoTk. Katharine was waltlnjr.
The next spring Macdonald found tha
rifle at tha foot of the Jagged rock on
the -crest of the mountain.
If you don't mind," be said. "It's only
twenty minutes, you know," he added.
"As you like," she said.
"They were ripping old letters," he
. asserted. "No one could ever write a
letter like you, Fil."
He untied, the string that bound
them and ran hastily through the en
velopes.
"Here's the one you wrote me from
Venice," he said. "Listen!"
Despite her look of anger he pulled
the letter from the envelope and read:
"Dear Old Dave: Your last outburst
reached me at Cibnoa, 'Never!' (as the
persecuted herofne in the melodrama
shrieks) 'Never!' You'll "thank me for
all ,thls some day when you meet the
one and only Her for wasting all this
Ink and paper in writing you a re
fusal from every stopping place. Why
will you propose In every letter, Davy?
I have filled twenty-five sheets with
'No's,' an* hereafter, when you ask
me again, shall simply mall you one
of these sheets." % ' :^
He paused and looked at her.
"Well, ' you may thank me j now,"; she
said with a sorry attempt <"at« levity. .
"I'm not so sure I want to," he gald.
"Dave!" There was sharp', reproof
in her voice.
'.'Don't misunderstand me. I'm not
disloyal to— to her. Only—''
•;. «<i • wouldn't - explain," ' she said
coldly/ '
He put the letter back in the en
velope and drew out another.
• "Here Is one from Rome," he said.
"Ah,; yes.' This V is the one simply
filled with 'no's.' Fil, you have riven
more misery than any other woman
ever has or ever can give me."
• "You'll forget* it> in your new hap
plnes*," she said. - _.
• "Heaven send I do," he said fer
vently. . •
< She eyed him curiously. Then with
a sudden movement of her hand she
"I'll give you one," ehe said gayly.
"Here's to the Mrs. David Potter that
is to be! May she believe she has al
ways been supreme in the heart of
David!"
- "Amen!" said, he, and drained bis
glass. ' •
Then he refilled the glasses at the
punch- bowl.
"My turn now," he said. "To Mrs.
David Potter that Is to bet She has
always reigned supreme in the heart of
David!"
Flloroena's hand trembled as she
raised her glass. Potter noted this
from the corner of his "eye. He came
clase beside her.
"Fllomena," he said solemnly, "be
fore another year Is ' finished I shall
be married. I shall be very happy and
you-—"
Her eyes suddenly filled with tears*.
-"Don't!" she said weakly.
Potter ¦ looked at her searchlngly,
then drew back his head and laughed.
The girl's face grew bitter as she lis
tened. . '*
"I think you'd be happier If you
knew: who the lady was," he said.
"You might at least ask her name."\
• "Who-ywho Is she?" said Fllomena.
"You, (my ;Lady Disdain," Potter
chuckled as he caught her in his arms.
"Really, Dave. I haven't said yet I'd
marry, you," she said.
Potter grinned.'
1 'There are times when words are
quite superfluous," he observed. ,\
\ "It's nearly 12," she said. "Let's
have a toast or two before we drink
to the new year."
She went to the little table In the
corner and filled two cups, from the
punch bowl.
swept the letters from his knee into
the fire.
"Exeunt omnes! They all go out!"
'she said, but there was a suspicion of
artifice in her mocking laugh.
Potter sprang from his chair and
stood moodily contemplating the burn-
Ing paper.
HE clock on the
Bj^^^^W^MMg mantel chimed the
a IP'T^n'ii Eg half hour before mld
n StJ^S Epy^ I night as ' they came
H?^^ lnto the room - Pot "
Ef s^^^e' & * er threw wood on
fi E^Lc^y l§ ! tne fire ' and by dlnt
of much exertion
with the bellows succeeded in raising
quite a respectable blaze. From a chair
near the hearth Fllomena watched him
Indolently, and when he had hung the
bellows on the little brass hook she t
motioned him to the chair beside her'
own.
"The latest bulletin from the old
year shows him to be very feeble," he
said. "Pulse weak; respiration scarce
ly perceptible'. The poor old chap is
so worn out he won't last but twenty
five minutes longer. Sort of melan
choly. Isn't It?" \ - ; ~i (
The girl was silent
"Say. Fil," he said, with sudden Im
pulsiveness, "I shall miss these heart
to heart talks before this old fireplace
awfully."
"Indeed," she said rather frigidly.
"Awfully," he repeated. "A fellow
gives up a lot when he marries, doesn't
her*
Her chin raised from her palm and
she looked at him with steady disap
proval.
"Don't look at me like that Fil," he
said. "Between such old friends as
you and me a bit of confession won't
be misunderstood."
"Did , t you "bring the letters?" " she
asked quietly.
"Yes," he said.
He delved Into a bulging pocket and
brought forth a packet of old loiters
that gave evidence of much handling.
He laid them on his knee.
"Here they are," he said.
"Put them in the fire," she said
shortly.
He looked at them tenderly.
"I shall keep them until next year,
By J. B. Oxford
THEIR '.WATCH MEETING
* ""* — * ' ~~~ ' — -— - ~.
has a choice to make. He can face
the music and take his punishment, or
he can flee the country or commit
suicide. He puts off his decision to
the very last hour, hoping he knows
not what, but the hour comes at last
when he must make It. That hour
came to Tom Matthews, and he re
mained behind in the office to decide
what step he should take. He folly
realized that he must choose between
the three evils, but' the hours -went
by and he could not make up his mind.
He should have left tl • store at 6
o'clock, but he was still there at 9, and
at 9 he was yet undecided. As he sat
with his face in his hands and the office
only dimly illuminated by a single jet.
something touched him on the arm and
he lifted his head to find a stranger
standing beside him.
"You must excuse me for calling so
late," observed the man, "but the fact
Is I had some difficulty in getting into
the store."
"Who are you and what do you
want?" asked Tom. more puzzled than
startled.
"Oh. as to my name you can pick
out any old thing, but as to what I
want I dropped ln to do a little busi
ness with you."
"But the store is dosed."
"Yes, I know, and that's my best
time for doing business. Don't you
saveyT"
"Tou don't mean that you are a bur
glar—a robber?" queried Tom, after
looking the man over for a moment
and wondering If it was a real live man
who stood before him.
"That's pretty close to it," laughed
the man as he sat down on the nearest
chair and brought out a cigar and
lighted It When he had taken a few
puffs he resumed:
'Tve had my eye on this plant for
some time, and when I got ln to-night
I didn't expect to have your company.
How does it come that you are here,
and what's the matter that you look so
seedy? I'd been spying on you for half
an hour before I entered the office, and
I think you've got a peck of trouble on
your mind. Let's hear what it Is."
It was a strange situation, but the
cashier was ln a strange mood. The
caller had said that he was a burglar
and had come with designs, but yet
there was a touch of sympathy in his
tones. Tom hesitated for a moment and
then told him all. The man listened,
nodding or shaking his head now and
then, and when be had heard all he
said:
"Look here, my boy, there's only one
way In this thing. You've got to be
either all good or all bad. You can't be
half and half and make a go of Jt I'm
all bad and I get along very well. What
are you going to do?"
"For God's sake, what am I to do?"
walled Tom.
"Want to turn had?"
"No."
"Is there money enough In the safe
to take you out of the country?"
"There's about $800 ln there, but I
wouldn't touch a penny of it I've yield
ed to temptation, but I'm no thief."
"Fudge!" Elizabeth's lip curled. "He's
younger than I am. I thought' I told
you that. He was my sweetheart ten
years ago. He was only 17 and I was
20. Think of the difference between 17
and 20! Of course. I didn't care any
thing about him; but he was an awful
ly nice boy and splendid company, and
he thought that he was so terribly in
love." : Elizabeth, leaned against the
back of the chair and smiled rexnlnls
cently. " ,
Marie sat up again, her face showing
renewed interest. "What are you smil
ing at? It's an incident. I know by
your eyes. Tell me about It and then
I'll know his character better and how
to captivate him."
Elizabeth's face flushed - and she
laughed guiltily. "Oh, it was nothing.
I was just thinking of the last time I
saw him. He was going to New York
and he came to make his. adieus. ,1
walked down to the gate with him ln
the moonlight and — and he kissed me
good-by." Again the flusn crept over
her face and the fascinating corners of
her mouth curled upward In spite of
herself, while the gray eyes,' shining
with merriment, kept. themselves fixed
persistently vpon the toe of her patent
leather slipper.
Marie gazed at her curiously. "Well,
what was there so amusing • about
that?" she inquired tentatively.
"Oh, the kiss itself. It was so funny.
Positively the funniest one that I ever
had ln all my life. It was the first
time that he had ever kissed me and —
and — well. It was exactly the kind of
a kiss that he would have given to his
grandmother."
Both of the girls laughed.
"Really, Marie, you've no Idea how
funny It was. Such a gentle, pretty
little kiss. If it had not been for the
shadow of the lilac bush he certainly
would have seen me laugh. But there,
he was a dear boy." Elizabeth's tone
took on a little self-reproach. "And
it's a shame to laugh at him; but
truly, ' I shall remember that kiss as
long as I-llve."
"And Is he still a dear boy?" asked
Marie maliciously.
"How do I know? Tv* never saea
him from that day to this. He quite
distinguished himself In the war; went
willowy and thirty, balanced herself on
the arm of a veranda chair. "I Just
saw the register and Captain Bleazby
has arrived!"
There was a note of such genuine
pleasure in her tone that Marie dropped
back Into a reclining posture with her
hands behind her head. "Well." she
said slowly and disgustedly, "If you
are so wonderfully glad, what is the use
of my putting on the bib and tucker.
Who Is he, anyway?"
"Marie! Goosie! Don't be foolish.
Haven't I always taken a grandmother
ly interest in you. and tried my best to
find a satisfactory husband for you?
Now here is Captain Bleazby, the very
epitome of perfection, falling right into
your hand. Of course I'm glad!"
"But If you like him so much — " per
sisted Marie.
"Well. Johnson, I fed a- load off my
mind. Tom Is aa straight as a string,
&ad we need not worry about him. I
don't believe that he could be tempted
to do a crooked thing."
Never did a young man carry a
cleaner record Into an ©ffloe. There
had been a thousand chances for peou
latten, but Tom bad not been tempted.
If any oae had whispered In his ear
that temptation was going to fat the
best of h*™ he would have smiled at
the idea, He had put In another y»ar
when It came, and Curing- thai year
.had married and established a home.
The firm had made him a liberal pres
ent In cash, and op to the hour of his
temptation had his books been ex
amined and his cash counted they
would hare bees found correct to a
dot.
To obUs* a friend ha took $59 from
the each account for thru or four
days. Ths friend repaid the loan and
put Tom on to a "sure thing" ln the
etock market. Tom Invested his week's
salary and made (200. It was his first
speculation, and the thing seemed so
easy that he gave It a whirl a month
later and came out several hundred
dollars to the good.
The man who wants to speculate can
run across "sure things" 9vary hour ln
the day. Tom had known of scores
of men in trusted positions going wrong
through speculation, but his name
should never be added to the list He
would make or lose with his own
money and not a penny belonging to
Haines & Co. should be put in periL
That was the policy he pursued for
eix memths, sometimes gaining and
sometimes losing, but, of course, there
came a day when the market was up
set, end he found himself on the wrong
Fide of it and had to "borrow" from
the firm to make good his margins.
Buch a step is always called "borrow
ing," and the man who takes It always
feels himself thoroughly honest The
market continued to drop and in four
or five days Tom was closed out and
owed the firm $500 besides. He could
have raised that through friends and
squared things up, but he had lost by
the market and he meant to make good
.by the market
There must be cashiers who borrow
the firm's money and are lucky enough
to return it, but no one ever hears of
them. It is of those who would return
It if they could, but find it impossible,
that are held up to public gaze and
cent to prison.
The trusted cashier who goes wrong
(Copyristtt. 1SC3, by EL M. Whitehead.)
tIS—- v V-— <i "* name was Thomas
1 VJiyij '-"jCt" iJSrttM Matthews, but every
wfi iryTK ftP body around the store
K M sKzfcH Km called *»<tt) Tom. He
cS 38]3|S !f Q &*& come to the buil
•^sD^MPbi waea * fcoy ten y** 2 *
years he had rained the position of
-feoc&fceeper and cashier. At orrery stage
to cad been complimented on his hon
esty and fidelity, and tb* day he took
charre of the books and the cash Har
ris, the active partner, said to one ef
the "Co.-:
"Captain Bleazby goes to-morrow,
doesn't he?" she asked suddenly.
Elizabeth read on to the end of the
paragraph and then laid down her
book. "Yes, I believe 80," she said,
looking off over the lake.
Marie's lashes shaded her eyes.
"Well." she said, meditatively, "evi
dently the campaign has been a fail
ure. He hasn't kissed me."
The pink color stole up around
Elizabeth's temple, and Marie went on.
"It's an awful disappointment. I
didn't care so much about marrying:
him; but I would like to know
-whether, ln ten years, he has learned
to kiss. Do you suppose he ha*.
Elizabeth?"
Elizabeth's llpa were pressed quit©
tightly together. "Probably," she an
swered briefly.
. "And Elizabeth." continued tha In
corrigible Marie, speculatlvely. "if ha
has, who do you suppose taught him?
Did you ever think of that?"
Two tiny wrinkles appeared between
Elizabeth's soft eyebrows, but she
made no reply.
Marie yawned and placed a hand
over her mouth. "I wouldn't In the
least have minded teaching him.
Would you, Elizabeth?"
No answer.
"Have you noticed, Elizabeth/* aha
went on, "that there Is not nearly so
much difference between 27 and SO
as there Is between 17 and 20? I call
that a very .curious mathematical ver
ity. Don't you really think so?"
Receiving no reply she returned to
the original proposition. "But he
doesn't really look as If he needed In
struction. Do you think he does,
Elizabeth?"
But Elizabeth had fled.
The .next evening Marie came softly
behind her friend as she sat alone on
the veranda, placing a soft little hand
upon either cheek. "Elizabeth." she
whispered, "has he learned how?"
She felt the cheeks grow warm be
neath her palms, and Elizabeth caught
the soft hands lovingly ln hers.
"Tea," she. whispered.
as a ToltmtMT, * rough rider or iom«*
thing. He was awfully fond of the mil
itary and cavalry, even aa a boy. Now
do run along and fix up, Marie, and 111
watch for an opportunity to renew old
acquaintance and say a good word for
you. And, Marie, don't disappoint ma
this time, for he la just exactly the
man for yon."
Marie rose lazily. "Well, then, se«
that you keep ln the background, my
lady, or perhaps the old love '•
"Marie, don't be silly! Think ot the
difference between 17 and 20. I don't
want to take a boy to raise."
Captain Bleazby proved to be an ex
ceedingly tall and well set-up "boy,"
and seemed to fall ln with the plans
laid for him with remarkable faclllty.
Th<5 end of the captain's stay was at
hand. \ After the first week the glrla
had not discussed him as they did In
the beginning: In fact, they had rather
avoided the mention of his name when
they were alone, and sometimes awk
ward silence fell between them. The
morning before the day set for bis de
parture Marie, was swinging drowsily
ln the hammock, and Elizabeth sat be
side her with a book. Marie looked
out lazily beneath her lids.
By K. M. Yates
By C. DericKson
And if you were given a chance?"
queried the burglar after awhile.
"A chance! "Why, man, I'd live on
crusts before I'd put myself in this
position again! Think of my fourteen
years' record. Think of my wife and
relatives!"
"Y — e — s. The game wasn't worth
the candle. Suppose you give me your
home address."
"What for?" as he wrote It down.
"Just to know where you live. Sup
pose that we also go out now."
"Yes, but— but— "
"Just to get out, you know. I'd like
that $800 in the safe, but to get it I'd
have to crack you on the head and
add to your troubles. If I were you
I'd go home and manage to keep this
thing to myself for a day or two longer.
Come — let's walk out together. . Your
way is up the street and mine is down.
So long to you."
Before Tom left his house next morn
ing a messenger brought a package
containing $1500 addressed to him. An
hour after the package had been.deliv
ered the senior partner of the firm was
saying to the burglar of the night be
fore:
"Well, I'm glad he took it that way.
and he shall have his chance. Tom's
honest, and we have got to. have honest
men about us. I don't think he'll med
dle with stocks again, and on Thursday
when his books are overhauled they
will be found all O. K. All right. Simp
son—all right. You worked it beauti
fully."
k~ j i ARID, Ive some news
j jVT^^V*nj^s^|pj for you. Run up and
''^fW^fwJu put on your best blb
[g vpt&/-fe\.f E anci tucker - quick."
// W#/^latJ$ Marie dropped her
I *^ mW^is^li novel and sat up ln
T^Ssg^w^sSsl the hammock, bllnk-
Js2SS&!*u*{55jq] ing her eyes at the
sunlight and the tall figure which ob
structed it.
""What on earth? You don't mean the
advent of an eligible man ln this out
of-the-way hole?"
"That's just it!" Elizabeth, slender,
SEVENTEEN AND TWENTY
TOM MATTHEWS' DECISION
strong, and without sugar or milk.
Then he packed a can of food in a
saddlebag and carefully tied It to the
saddle which hung beside the door.
He filled his revolver and his belt with
cartridges and put his rifle alongside
the saddle. Prom under his bunk he
drew a small tin box, unlocked it and
took out a package of letters. He did
not open the package, but threw It,
still tied with a bit of leather thong,
into the fire. For two or three min
utes he stood and watched the letters
gTeat chrysanthemums drifting across
the levels.
Macdonald got into his corduroy
and pulled on his heavy hunting boots.
He reached for his rifle— a little 22
long — and started out. "To-morrow
being Sunday," he said, "I propose to
construct a rabbit pie for dinner like
mother used to make, and I guess I
can land a few Jacks before break
fast Poor little devils," he continued,
"I'm going to give them a chance for
their lives, anyway. I hate a man
who will shoot rabbits with a shot
gun. With a rifle like, this it takes
Rome skill, and there is at least a
fighting chance for the beasties. I'll
be back in an hour. You don't mind
getting breakfast alone, do you?"
Henderson made no ¦ reply, but
ground up some coffee and stirred up
the fire. Macdonald swung off down
the hill and across the plain toward
the sage brush. Henderson watched
him till he was a mile away. Then
he went out into the open air and
took great long breaths of it. Going
into the little stable he fed his pony —
a little buckskin brute, which, till
Henderson took her in hand, had been
known as the. ugliest pony in the San
Luis. She whinnied delightedly as
Henderson opened the stable doorl He
fed her a double portion of grain and
brought water for her from the
spring. He gave her, too, an extra
quantity of hay. "Better eat it all,'
old lady," he said; "you've got a long
day before you."
He went back to the cabin, cooked
some eggs and bacon, made coffee and
drank three cups of It — hot and
(Copyright. 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
EXDERSON rolled
\~- vj-^-g'^SlL uneasily In his sleep.
I 1 _ '^"j I Macdonald, his bunk
/ , 1 *.^*^ : mate. Jabbed his knee
f}£j% ; into H e n d er a o n's
£ J§S* I Dac K- "For heaven's
' >^r— 1 B&ke, H« still 1" he
" cried. "You're get
ting all the blankets off, and it's cold
er*n blazes."
Henderson woke up. "I'm sorry, old
man," he said. "But you can have a
coofi sleep to-morrow morning. I'm
ffolng away to-day, and shall probably
not b« back again to-night. Did I say
anything in my sleep?"
"I should say you fl!d," replied Mac
donald. "You were talking half the
night — a whole lot of rubbish about
blue eyes and black eyes and hair and
things."
"Did I mention any one's name?"
"Not while I •was listening:. I pulled
the blanket up over my head and re
fused to be let Into your secret."
• • • • •
The two men tumbled out of their
bunk. They went to the door of their
cabin. The first rays of the Bun came
swiftly over the Sangre do Crlsto, and
Ki\o whole range tvas outlined In crlm
scn.
."Now you see," said Macdonald,
"why they named those mountains
"PJlood of Christ.' "
The snow-capped peaks rose cold to
-vvard the sky, and above the blue was
unflecked by cloud. Across the valley
there had been but little snow — only
here and there were little patches
which the wind had brought down from
the mountainside and scattered against
.the windward of the sage brush. Rab- '
bits scurried across the plain Is search
of what little food might be found. As
they ran they showed white tails— like
THE" SANFRANCTSCO SUNDAY CALL).
A LEAP YEAR PROPOSAL
5IT Is hard to resist atmospheric con
ditions. A crisp January morning
sets the blood tingling and makes
. you want to be up and doing.
talk. A person of this type becomes a
member of a family, in which criticism
of neighbors, fault finding with one an
other, "envy . ot the more prosperous,
gossip and slander produce a^ common
atmosphere uncongenial In the extreme.
But this boarder,, or lodger, or visitor,
/whatever, he . may be, can come and
go untouched and unsullied by the pre
vailing, tone of things simply because
he has a sure defense in the purer air
in, which he , has habituated himself
to live. He has become <_ morajly Im
mune. But . a man's atmosphere may
serve not ; simply as a protection but
as an aggressive Influence in* the world.
Why * is it that some people * seem . to
invite you to share with, them %11 that
is worst in you, while with others you
feel bound to be your very best?.
At any. rate, this question of a man's
atmosphere is worth thinking about at
the^week's end. Each man is certainly
responsible ; for the' silent '.impression
his '. life ' makes. -Will . you I carry ¦ about
a depressing, contaminating personal
atmosphere or one charged with purity,
courage ' and ' helpfulness ? - j>i£|&§j9£j
There are human atmospheres, too;
composed of widely different elements.
Some day a delicate instrument , may
be invented we can analyze
and measure them. Then we shall be
able : tokjsa'yj'pf j Smith: "He carries
about? ah jjatmosphere in; which nine
parts iotit- if ; ten are pure cynicism and
the remaining fraction downright pessi
mism" f'li'And- there -goes Jones, sur
rounded by 'an atmosphere of courage,
hopefulness and friendliness in about
equal * amounts." And of Mrs. Robin
son we shall ; '.'Why,, there's
ozone unlimited in her very presence.
How it braces one Just to talk with her
five minutes!": . -://,'¦
' Figures of speech aside, . It Is ; a tre
mendous protection to be able to pano
ply one's self with the right sort of at
mosphere. I know a man who works
in a cracker factory. ; where , profanity
and obscenity . are altogether too : com
mon. They^ grate upon ; him, but they
do not > defile him. He makes ; his own
atmosphere and he can withdraw /into
It 'when the t air of the? room/ in which
be works Is foul with ¦ cheas * and low
A MAN'S ATMOSPHERE
BY THE PARSON
It Is very important that those upon
whom rests the responsibility of train
ing children should fully understand
the significance of the word "train
ing/.* That some who are following
these articles do not is shown by
many earnest letters. Many parents
still believe It means teaching. Such
is not the case. Primarily, teaching
means the imparting of knowledge.
Training implies, not merely the im
parting of knowledge, but also inspir
ing to repeat action, which results in
the formation of habits. Teaching en
ables the child to make use of the
knowledge he possesses. Teaching is
very important. Training is far more
important. Why teach many things
if nothing is to be used? Children
should not merely be taught to know
what Is right. It is not even sufficient
to teach them to be good. • They should
be trained to be good for something,
and to do right.
Parents should ever be mindful of
the fact that all will receive some kind
of training. During almost every
wakeful moment every child Is being
trained. Every sense reaches out after
knowledge, all of which helps deter
mine his training. The. great aim
should be to roc to it that' the train
ing is of the right kind.
The parent who expects to leave the
training of a child until a later period
**p-f L.L. Uf« Is a constant warfare.
f 1 That of a child is especially so.
% y^ I While developing conscience and
JL embryonic reason strive for su
premacy, animal appetites and pro
pensities tempt to utter ruin by offer
ing. In exchange, all the pleasures in
the child's heaven and earth. Whether
the sweet babe shall develop into the
murderous Herod or the saving Moses
will be determined by the result of the
conflict. What the result of the con
flict shall be will depend largely upon
the character of the training which the
parents give their children. To the
child it means life or death— upon the
one side a life of honor and beneficence.
and a triumphant death; upon the
other, a life of shame and misery, and
an Ignominious death.
Those who have made the most care
ful, study of this important problem
agree that the most that can be claim
ed for heredity is a tendency to act
as did the parents. They also agree
that these tendencies require stimula
tion from without. Therefore, with
proper care as to these outside stim
ulations to action, a child can be
properly trained in spite of adverse
tendencies. '
The child may Inherit Impulses;
but a kind providence has foreordain
ed that he shall not inherit habits.
He may inhepft certain tastes, but he
does not inherit temptations. He may
bring with him into the world tenden
cies; but he does not bring with him
any prejudices. - In the very great ma
jority of cases a child's character will
be determined by his training and his
environments, rather than by Inher
ited-tendencies.'
All the child's powers exist bat as
germs, which are easily developed and
controlled almost at will by the wisely
directed, fostering hand. Pew will
deny that, as we can train to healthy
and well proportioned growth the
plant, which, if neglected. would,have
proven unsightly, dwarfed and • bar
ren of good fruit, so by proper train
ing the dormant powers of a child
may be brought to healthy develop
ment; and by restraining the evil ten
dencies and stimulating the good vast
changes for the better may be made In
the developing character. Parents
should remember that as the twig is
bent the tree will slant; and in the
direction it inclines in life., so it will
fall in. death. Being responsible for
the first, they almost certainly deter
mine the last, not merely for all time,
but for eternity as well.
The third seven years may be termed
the analytic age. During this period the
youth, examines and questions more
closely all matters presented to the at
tention: : therefore the training which
might answer satisfactorily for the first
periods would be ; of much less value
during this third stage of development.
In spite of the fact that it is distinct
ly, their duty too many parents. try to
place upon others the responsibility for
training the child. Some look to the
church for the training which the child
A child born blind may be taught
many things better than other children;
,but he cannot be taught to see.
The second seven years Is the recep
tive age, when many of the most last-
Ing impressions are made. During these
periods every vicious mental, moral and
physical tendency should be suppressed,
and the natural activity directed to
ward some associated virtue. Thus,
much can be done to transform by
careful treatment, unwearied patience
and persistent effort the surliness, vul
garity and other evil tendencies into
their opposites. The great danger is
lest In these years the mold Into which
the child is cast may be a wrong one.
Many more look to the schools, which
are doing much toward training in
right habits, along moral and physical,
as well as educational lines. But for
the training many get in the public
schools of our land the outlook for the
future of many a child, as well as for
the nation, would be far more dis
couraging than It now Is. In spite of
this fact, however, it Is, primarily, the
duty of parents to see that the home
training is what it should be: and there
is no excuse for their attempting to
shift the responsibility. Certain it is
that the Inspiration of the church and
the instruction in the schools are in
finitely more effective when there Is
'proper home training.
; In considering the power of training
we must not forget that, whll? a vast
deal can be accomplished by training,
yet to the possibility of training there
are certain limitations. Each child can
be trained to do the best with his own
powers. He can be trained to go "In
the way he should go," not in the way
some other child can go.
There are different phases of growth.
though the child passea Imperceptibly
from one to another.
The first seven years may be termed
the plastic age. during which the child
may be molded almost at will, like clay
In the potter's hands.
should be given; but the time spent la
Sunday-school or church cannot possi
bly do much more than inspire. It may
teach some things and inspire toward
higher activities, but there la no possi
bility of such training as will firmly es
tablish habits of action. " * '
should begin after birth and continue
until the age when it is freed from aU
parental authority.
With great plausibility some will con
tinue to urge the argument that a
child's nature cannot be changed. This
may be true, in part. It is even more
certain, however, that a child can be so
trained that it will give expressions <to
its nature in an entirely different way
than the same child would but for the
training. . ;
If the. training is begun quite early
and continues as long as the child Is
susceptible to impressions from without
it will have a marked effect upon every
stage of the child's existence. It is not
too much to claim that continued proper
training will so change the expression
of the child's nature that it will appear
as an entirely different creature. , Such
.training is In. reality, a process of re
creating a child into an entirely, differ
ent kind of being.
The training suitable for any child,
should not only be determined by the
health, the sex, the temperament and,
by other conditions; It should also be
determined by age. The treatment
which would be best for a young child
would probably be the very vforst for
older, children. As a child reaches
the age of adolescence it will generally
be necessary to relax absolute author
• ity and make use of more reason. On
the other hand, it would be an even
greater, mistake for parents to feel
compelled to give reasons to the young
child for the purpose of securing com
pliance with their wishes..
Many will argue that a child's fu
i ture depends almost entirely upon
what it inherits. This is not the case.
Fifteeuafciv Tal&
to Pa-are latsfcy
Wm. J. Shearer
As before indicated, one great mis
take many parents make is, that they
do not begin the training of children
as early as they should. In answer to
the question as to why a mother per
mitted a certain action, she replied,
as most mothers would have replied
under the same circumstances, "Why,
he's only a baby." How often we have
all heard similar answers given by
conscientious parents who do not fully
appreciate the fact that, months after
the child should have been trained
to do differently, they have encdur :
aged the growth of the most vicious
habits, from the bonds of which he can
break with difficulty, if at all.
Though it is hoped they are not
many, yet there are some parents who
are disposed to nut off the training of
a child until they send him to school.
This is done, either because of the be
lief that the young child is not a fit
subject for training, or because it is
too much trouble. Regard for the
welfare of the child, if not sympathy
for the poor teacher, unreservedly con
demns such a practice. '$x£
All who have had experience with
children will agree that they may be
trained in Important habits long be
fore it is possible to teach them. While
¦a babe in .its mother's arms, a child
may be trained to sleep in a noisy room
with or without rocking. In the light or
In the dark. Though in its early life It
has no other way to express dissatis
faction, jet long before It is able to ut
ter a word it Can be taught that it will
not cet what it 'cries for. ' These and
other Important habits may very easily
be Instilled into the young child.
It is not too. much to assert that by
the. time the. child is able to talk he may
be led away from many of the habits
which, in after years, would. cause both
child and parents much unpleasantness.
If not absolute suffering. "Without fear
of successful , contradiction - it may be
asserted that the training of a child
will find, when the time arrives, that
his training has already become ef
fective. Then will be necessary the
arduous task of lifting him out of the
ruts of Improper training that he may
be helped along on the smoother road.
Happy the parent who can overcome
the constant tendency to return to the
old ruts.
WHEN, WHERE AND HOW TO TRAIN YOUR CHILDREN
If it is business, not love, in which
she wishes to succeed, she scores also;
for once an Englishman receives an im
pression it is as difficult to eradicate
as if it were a scar, j Somehow the
"word has gone round" that an Ameri
can woman-Journalist, an American
nctress. stenographer, dancer, lecturer,
reciter, manicurist or miniature paint
er has a dash, a "go," a je ne sais quoi,
The man whose fancy is taken by her
brightness and prettiness at first dares
to go on enjoying her society, comfort
ably assured that he Is not in honor
bound by a few flowers; sweets, calls,
bicycle rides, days on the river, and
theater tickets. He ventures to become
her friend,' and before he dreams .what
is happening to him. he finds that he is
willingly her lover. The opportunity
for knowing the English girl as well
as he knew the American, before he
was sure she was worth loving, would
not have been safe t6 grasp. Thus the
American Eirl scores.
She, and her actions, her comings and
goinRS, are regarded from an entirely
different point of view. -She Is a kind
of freak— albeit an agreeable freak
and she has a freak's privileges with
out its disadvantages. She can safely
live up to this, and she soon finds it
out by experience. In this way, if it is
her whim to marry, she can often gath
er in opportunities which her English
sister is obliged to miss.
dinary! But, then, she Is an American.
They are all like that. It is Bure to be
quite proper."
."Were she an English girl, a man
meeting and admiring her — unless his
"intentions were serious" from the first
—would be afraid to make his admira
tion as evident as he might wish, lest
he should be misunderstood or the girl
compromised. But fortunately It is -a
far less easy thing to compromise an
American girl in England than an.Eng
lish girl at home, or an American girl
at home.
which her Engltsn sister lacks.
This is probably a fallacy. Experi
ence and observation have given me a
secret, sneaking conviction that it is
undoubtedly a fallacy, and that the In
telligent woman, though she
may not display her goods as strikingly
in the window, has as large and
quite as valuable a stock on hand as
the "smartest" American; but it is well
for the latter that she has the cachet,
and she wrongs no one., not even her
rival, in "cutely" making, the most
of it.
All . these arguments' hold equally
good in the case of the American heir
ess who comes to see, to be seen and to
conquer in a London season. Fortune
has' placed her higher, on the social lad
der than the merely pretty, clever and
charming , young woman who visits
England, either because she has no re-
sponsibillties elsewhere, because she
wishes to see the old world or because
she has something to gain, something
to fight for. She or her parents prob
ably began life in the same sphere from
which the other has been recruited, but
a sewing machine, a patent medicine,
a tinned soup, a sleeping-car or a pe
troleum well has placed her on a glided
pedestal.
A little of the fierce light which beats
upon a throne must beat upon her
there, and even though she be an
American the bright surface of her un
conventionallty will melt visibly in the
blaze of glory. Nevertheless she can
safely have a great deal more "fun"
than the English heiress. She can be
eccentric, and be thought merely orig
inal. She can be daring and know that
she will be excused, because "American
girls are brought up differently from
ours, poor things."
Suppose she marries an Englishman.
f*f HAKESPEARE makes Rosalind
X>v bid Phoebe "go down on her
M knees and thank heaven fasting
\^ for a good man's love." I think
it would be equally right to perform
this act of gratitude for the Joyful priv
ilege of being- an American woman in
England, for she becomes a member of
a privileged class.
It is very nice to be a woman any
v.-here, provided she have come prettl
ness, some youth and some money — or
the brains to get it. It is particularly
nice to be an American woman in
America; but I am Inclined to think
that the bonne bouche is to be an
American woman in England.
There are several cogent reasons for
this — as many reasons as there are
types and grades of such women— but
the principal reason lies like a nut In a
shell. It is the fact Just asserted, that
the American woman in England be
comes a member of a privileged class.
Indeed, she has created the class and
the privilege.
As to the class to which ehe belonged
before Ehe left the States, that is a
comparatively irrelevant matter, since
the status she is to take in her adopted
country depends upon herself, and upon
luck— the latter being a separate part of
her own individuality.
These are but statements; they re
main to be proved, so let us "come to
Hecuba," Hecuba being, for the sake
of convenience at the moment, a young"
American woman, with charm, clever
ness and Independence of character;
with the other sort we have nothing to
do In this article. . As an American such
a daughter of misfortune -is an accident
of nature, not a type,* and she had bet
ter Eton safely at home, since she can
expect to command success nowhere.
Our charming and clever young
woman who is, we will say, of age, re
flects upon her future. She can have a
very "good time" In her dwn country,
¦where men are wise enough to take
vronvn more seriously than in less mod.
cm lands; but in the States she will
at best be one girl among millions of
©there, more or less like herself. She
•will have to conform to the habits and
customs of the society in "which she
has been placed by Providence, or else
It is upon this convenient state of
affairs that the clever young American
woman trades, whether wholly con
sciously or half unconsciously, in
adopting England as her country.
Our nice girl comes gaily over, with
a friend of her own age, or even alone.
She proceeds to do things which she
would not dare to do at home, among
her old friends who know her well, or
in a strange American town where she
wishes to collect new friends. She has
"come over" armed with letters of
introduction, but she does not need to
ask herselft "Will these good people be
horrified, and fight shy of me. If I take
a flat, or live in an hotel without a
chaperon?" She knows by Instinct, If
not by information, that at worst they
will only eay: "Dear me, how extraor-
she Trill be misunderstood \>y strangers
and apologized for by her friends;
whereas, if she elect to try "pastures
new" in England, she can become a
law unto herself.
In the States she has lived, perhaps.
In a circle whose Ideas of conventional
propriety have been molded upon Eng
lish rules, for In certain Anglo-maniac
sets in American towns it is a social sin
to do anythig not done "on the other
side." It is raining in London. Ladles,
instantly put up your umbrellas! Men,
make haste and turn up your trousers!
But to escape this bondage the maiden
who revolts has only to pack her boxes
and take passage on an ocean liner for
Merrie England. She, being a Ameri
can girl, will find herself emancipated
there, because dear, kind, indulgent
English people know nothing whatever
about the rules of social etiquette which
govern women in the States. They are
not aware that In some States a young
woman in society may never go out un
chaperoned, while In others chaperons
are considered as superfluous as fur
cloaks in July. They have accepted as
correct the portraits of American girls,
which they have seen in novels (mostly
by English writers who have not sifted
Eastern traditions from those of the
West), and they would consider a young
vroman from the States uninteresting,
rather than well brought up, if she
never surprised or even shocked them
a little. They expect her to be unex
pected, and if she Is not they are dis
appointed.
An American girl has gleaned from
story books penned by compatriots that
her English sister can say very little to
a man beyond ' yes" and "no," and that
her principal charm (one apt to pall
after frequent repetition) Is blushing
like roses and cream when looked at or
spoken to by a member of the opposite
¦ex. Consequently the American maid
en makes her voyage of discovery to
the other side of the great pond almost
impudently certain that she will "sweep
the board" and carry all before her.
She Is sure that sh*; knows more, can
talk better and render herself far more
fascinating than any English girl, even
If the latter chance to be her superior
In beauty. This self-confidence often
gives her an unattractive hardness of
manner, though the hardness may
sparkle like the facets of a diamond.
,She receives a hundred new impressions
'In a day; she sees things which until
now have seemed drt-am-like, unreal to
her, things which have made the his
tory of the world. In her quick interest
ehe is inclined to forget that the people
she meets in her adopted country have
absorbed these Impressions, strange to
her, in her babyhood, and she goes
about telling her English friends facta
•which they have been "born knowing."
This gets on their nerves and they find
the Yankee girl rather an irritating
young person. She does herself injus
tice by mistaking her own flippancy for
wit; she tells too many anecdotes; she
Is altogether too "cock-sure" during the
first few exciting months of life In
England. But she is not really the
hard, audacious creature she sometimes
appears. She haa as good a heart; she
Is as Innately modest as her English
sister and can make as truo a wife and
mother; and as soon aa her beautiful
old, old surroundings have begun to
educate her soul, to mellow her too er
ratic intelligence, the best that la In
her is brought out. She has learned
much which all the books ever written
could not have taught her so well. Bha
Is softened and refined without losing:
any of her energy and her originality;
and when she haa adjusted herself and
the balance of things external the
American woman In England becomes
one of the most charming and success
fully "grnf ted products" la "the gardaa
of the world.
Let us "begin at the top" and say that
he is a duke. Now, some dukes who
are condescending enough to marry
heiresses more lowly born than they
consider that the ladles graciously se
lected should show their appreciation
of the honor by conducting themselves
In an unobtrusive, thoroughly domes
ticated, early Victorian manner: that
the duchess' first duty should be to
present his Grace with an heir to the
dukedom: her %econd to give the heir
as many brothers as possible; her third
to stop at home and play with the
children in the . nursery and preside
over school feasts or present prizes,
while the duke amuses himself In a
right ducal manner. But no really
thoughtful duke would ever hope in
his most sanguine moments that .an
American duchess would be satisfied
with these pursuits and- no others less
monotonous. If he were a wise person
he would make uo his mind before
proposing that he was about to take
for his wife a being as incomprehensi
ble as delightful, a being who must b«
Indulged, amused and treated as an
equal; that if he "tried any nonsense"
Ehe would not be likely to stand It
long.
AH this has truth In it, though It la
¦aid half in Jest, and It Is true also,
without Jesting, that a residence In
England mellows and Improves an
American woman, If she has a recep
tive mind; -
Odd books are written about Ameri
can girls by English novelists; books
Just as odd are written about English
girls by Americans, and young women
In the Sjatea are cs apt to believe what
they read as .those of Great Britain.
They are perhaps a little less obstin
ately fixed in their Impressions, that is
all.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY; CALL.
When the air is damp and muggy
depression creeps over you la spite of
your best efforts. A famous New York
editor used often to remark in the of
fice on a rainy morning: "This feels
to me like a murder day. Get the staff
ready to report it." A certain true phil
osophy underlay his apparently flippant
remark. He knew that on stormy days
it -was bard' for. people, particularly for
eigners, in crowded tenements j to live
on friendly terms with one another and
that angry words might * soon , lead to
death dealing blows. This world' is
$wathed in an atmosphere - whose . con
stituent elements, varying- in j different
localities in amount and in their meth
od of combining with one ¦ another, pro
duce varying results. In this fact ; lies
to a large extent the difference between
a languorous do-nothing son ... of * the
tropics and a brisk, forceful resident of
Northern Ijjurope or America, ,, , ' ,
THE AMERICAN WOMAN IN ENGLAND
6/THHOSE who have followed Poult
/ ney Birelow's story of the Ger
•^ man struggle for freedom
through the first two volumes have
welcomed the appearance of the third.
This, dealing with what was the most
critical period of the growth of polit
ical freedom throughout the states of
Germany — that corresponding very
nearly to our own period of the Con
federation—tells with graphic fervor of
the sacrifices and reverses of men
whose names are now honored In every
household of the fatherland.
It has been the scheme of Mr. BIge-
T^ROM the publishing house of the
fi American Book. Company there'
. - have come a series of valuable vol
umes for school use.
Alarcon's "El Nino de la Uola." edit
ed by Rudolph Schwlil, is a judiciously
made abridgment of the successful
novel of the well. known Spanish auth
or. The real Interest; of the romance
is retained, but tbe prolix descriptions
of - minor .characters, • and the religious
and \ political discussions, {are In ; large
part omitted. The picture of * Spanish
life*, Is excellent, portraying vividly the.
naive traits ; of : the 'people, their insati
able curiosity, their love of idleness 'and .
German Independence
Is His Then)e.
"THE RELENTLESS CTTT,**.,F. A.
Benson;, Harper &• Bros., New York;
prtce II 50. \ ' • ¦> *
"HISTORY OP THE GERMAN
STRUGGLE FOR LIBERTY,** volume
3, Poultney Bigelow; Harper & Bros..
New York; Illustrated; price $2 ''SQL*
- "CHARACTER, * A m6raL -TEXT
BOOK," Henrjr Varnum; Hinds & No
ble, New York; price $1 50.
. • "THE FEDERATION ..OF \ RELIG
IONS," . Hiram ".yroo man: Nunc Licet
Press,- Philadelphia; price 75 cents.
' »jHE CONSUL," Commander Booth-
Tucker; Salvation Army. Publishing
Company, "New York; price 50 cents.
"BOOK OF PSALMS"; Jewish Publi
cation Society, of; "America, Philadel
phia... • v '/;: . ¦ ••*¦,-
Many New Text Booths
for School Use.
New BooKs Received.
A S always before, the serial story
/-\ is on its last legs; and as always
Jr • before, no centipede was ever so
secure of -keeping so vigorous and un
interruptible a gait.' It is on Its last
legs with the old, • the sad, the sated,'
with, the overtheatered," overdlned.
overworked, overexcited Inhabitants of
the city, "but with the country and. the
village dweller, with the young* and cu
rious, with the lover and his loved, with
the young married pair, beside . the
evening lamp,' or the well- grown family
around It, with the girl dreaming of
marriage at .her toil or her pleasure,
with the boy straining forward tn his
impassioned ambition,, the serial story
is a messenger of joy whose" myriad
feet are still. beautiful upon the moun
tains. We ourselves, if we may be so
personal, find our rarest literary de
light -in it, though we live in • a city,
and are in nothing, except our human
ity, akin * to .the amiable serldlatora we
have been specifying. -We " find the
monthly^ installment of a novel, which
Randon) Notes Upon
Things BooKIsI).
TT7HETHER the average Amerl
1/1/ can reader of "Dodo" Benson's
"The Relentless City" reviles
the author as a British cad or smiles at
him for being a clever satirist must de
pend largely upon whether or not' that
reader takes small black pills with
every meal. Certainly there is excuse
for the more choleric criticism; un
doubtedly the majority will accede to
the latter appreciation. Not a few may
argue that Mr. Benson is possessed of a
bit of both qualities. After all it is a
matter of a good or a bad digestion.
"The Relentless City" purports to be
a satire upon the alleged "smart set"
of relentless New York. That the seed
of sarcastic criticism is sown on fruit
ful ground few outside of the glided
circle of that chosen band will gainsay.
We have had our monkey dinners, our
stable banquets and our. tawdry circus
parade weddings ad nauseam. The an
tics of the nouveau riche on Manhattan
who constitute themselves the ar
biters of swagger society have too long
become a byword and a hissing abroad,
as well as a gladsome ¦- token to the
stout British shopkeepers. That Mr.
Benson, tha 'caustic English gentleman,
should have a tilt at such mushroom
growth should be a source of pleasure
to every well-minded American.
And right heartily does Mr. Benson's
anvil ring/ring, ring. Mrs. Lewis S.
Palmer, whose husband lives on milk
and soda crackers and makes a million
at every revolution of the. earth; is the
straw dummy which the English au
thor 6ets up for .piercing with his
barbed shafts. She is ostentatious, vul
gar, of a shrilling voice and outrageous
He Aims His Shafts at
Vulgar Rich. .
OLD readers of Dickens are able to
sniff a very familiar scent in the
humorous writings of W. W.
Jacobs, whose "Old Craft" has recently
been published. It is the tarry smell of
the wharves and the typical Wapplng
whiff of the Thames which recall the
haunts of good old Cap'n Cuttle, the
odious Quilp and Rogue Riderhood. The
waterman and ship's watchmen of Ja
cobs' stories are very akin to the Im
mortalized characters of the great hu
morist. Dickens' fund lay In carica
ture; likewise Jacobs*. The master
story teller delighted in laying bare
all the ingenuous simplicity and child
like Improvidence of his people of the
humbler walk; the present sketch ar
tist of Ratcliffe and Splteaflelds allows
himself the same pleasure.
In his "Odd Craft" Jacobs presents
fourteen short stories brimming over
with laughter. They have for the most
part to deal with the adventures and
cogitations of the disenfranchised sea
man, whose haunts are the docks and
the "pubs" down at the river's edge.
His love affairs, his roysterings, his
griefs of a day— all of these serve as the
themes for Jacobs', inimitable* sketches.
The field Is his own and he Is acknowl
edged a master of it. Few such stories
of the sub-strata have been written
and none better than Jacobs'.
The author's people are not inherent
ly the kind who would appear at first
sleht to be the most | lovable in the
world. However, Jacobs has with rare"
art left their undoubted offenslveness
to be only guessed at by the reader.
From their debauches he picks out only
the uproariously humorous Incidents
and their honeyed words in occasions
of stress he glides over with due defer
ence to the proprieties.
By the irresistibly droll . method , Ja
cobs takes in holding his characters up
to view through, the mouth of some
water-front raconteur", his' stories 'gain'
much. , It is the pithy commentary,up
on the actions of Ginger Dick from the
oracular Small Small which brings the
laugh bubbling 'to the surface.'.
Such naive bits of philosophy as come
Jacobs' Sailorn)en Re
call DicKens. y
7 WO holiday editions of standard
poetry have appeared this season
which will each appeal powerfully
to a widely divergent clientele. These
are Howard Chandler Christy's artistic
edition of Longfellow's "Courtship of
Miles Standlsh" and a rich. little volume
of Moore's translation of the "Odes" of
Anacreon, embellished with designs by
Gerodet de Roussy. The one will call
strongly to the lover of art; the other
will be dear to the scholar. . . .-.-„ J: ;*.
Mr. Christy has done a worthy work
in acting as the first standard art inter
preter of Longfellow's tale of old Mas
sachusetts. With a subtle skill he has
Invested the text with a charm which it
has never had before. The
sweetness and purity of the poem has
been embodied by the artist in pictures
which are each a little masterpiece of
the modern illustrator's art. There are
more than forty ..full-page' drawings;
some of them in color. They certainly
revivify the old tale to a remarkable
degree..
The ."Anacreon" is the golden font of
true poesy . for every lover of the
classics. The Moore translation, which
Putnam's have brought out on splendid
paper and artistically bound, holds all
the old Athenian's sprightly touches In
praise of Phyllis and the good Saxrilan
vintage. To read the 'odes is to catch
a' breath straight from the old. Aegean.
("The Courtship of Miles Standlsh,"
Bobbs-Merrtll - Company, Indianapolis.
Price $3. "The Odes of Anacreon/*. O. P.
Putnam's Sons, New -York.) :
Verse BooKs fjppear In
a New Garb.'
/-N "Fancies" " Henry Wise Wood, a
New England writer, presents a
dainty little volume of poems that
are somewhat above the ordinary
standard of present day verse. ,The
longer poems are written in a breezy
didacto-philosophical style that Is full
of freshness, and inculcates' sound ethi
cal principles.
The longest and most ambitious poem
is entitled "The Forge." Its burden is
the unassailable fact that after all is
said' and done "success Is the. measure
of the man." The ethical teachings are
occasionally relieved by slyly humor
ous effusions like "An \ Extraordinary
Bee," In which is outlined, the short
life history of ( a luxury loving but in
dolent insect.
, In the first • short poem, entitled
"Awakening," the poet Intimates that
after a long residence in an affluent
city he sought rest in a country village.
It was a new world to him, and,, like
other singers, his muse thereafter
largely turned from the didactic to sing
of rural scenes and pleasures. To this
change must be attributed the graceful
little lyrics of our country themes, that
recall the sweet odors of the flowers
arid the love songs of the birds borne
by the breezes of spring and early sum
mer time. In these the poet Is seen at
his best. • \
A few of the songs like "To My
Shadows," " 'Tis Only Death" and
"Worry" remind us of Barry Cornwall;
they suggest that Wood has been a
diligent student of that neglected but
charming lyric writer.
No poem in the collection is more
representative of the author's, style
than the following ode entitled "Phan
tasmal Night":
Come, greet with me tha arriving' stars of
nlrht— >
Pale, lucent pilgTlms. threading- silently
The boundless environs of space. . The sea.
Far-casting:, lies bedlmmed with their faint
' light,
All tossed and broken, ere to regal height.
They rise! O apeak, supernal melody.
Of motion*! Leadeat thou on' to destiny
The man, the state, tha star, th* Infinite T
The east fulfills the promise of the west;
Deep- hooded . spirits at the pyre of day
Invoke the morrow, and the lnterway
la Night, phantasmal Night, whe»e rich be
quest
Of Immemorial paats— wan-winged array—
Sweeps ever, mutely onward without rest.
"Fancies" is evidently Wood's first
printed work. The poems are of un
equal merit, but they give promise that
with further efforts he will be capable
of producing lyrics of considerable
merit An hour or two may be enjoy
ably and perhaps instructively spent
in perusing the little, book.
(W. J. Ritchie, New York; price $1 25.)
y^ROM the publishing offices of the
t~1 Salvation Army comes a neat
volume from. the pen of Com
mander, Booth-Tucker,.- the r . sub-v
Ject of which is hfe much-lamented
wife, whose tragic taking-off recently
caused such a shock to the Christian
world at large. A perusal of this work
shows it to be one of the most readable
and fascinating biographical sketches
issued during the year. The writer
having sustained the close relationship
of husband to Mrs. Booth-Tucker, Is
enabled to draw aside the veil and give
the . reader a series of glimpses .of a
most saintly life, and one no more
saintly than soldierlike, from the
standpoint of aggressive Christianity.
Mrs. Booth-Tucker's life is so Inter
woven with the history of the Salva
tion Army movement from the very,
time of its inception that her loss |Uji
naturally felt to be a very serious one.
And yet such a testing time as this
must necessarily have been only seems
to demonstrate' the solidity of the foun
dation upon which the organization is
built. Like the ring of the flawless car
wheel at the stroke of the tester as the
train lies in the railroad depot, fo do
these periods of test and trial tend to
emphasize the soundness and stability
of the movement.
The fruits possible to a life devoted
to one particular object, when. that ob
ject is in the line of religious endeavor,
are held up to view in a manner cal
culated-.to stimulate the Christian
worker of any and every denomination.
This "daughter of the regiment" (for
she was such in a very sacred sense,
having been raised to a life of militant
Christianity from the time of her baby
hood) has done more toward the mak
ing and molding of character in the
experiences of the quaintly bonneted
. Salvation lassies . than any other one
person, having, acted .as principal of
the j International Women's Training'
Home In London for a great number ot
years— from the time of its opening
until her marriage with Commander
Booth-Tucker.
Since that time we may Infer that
this life of consecrated service met Its
fullest fruitlon-f-as co-leader of the
Important American- field,- with Its
manifold activities; taking a leading
seat at Its councils, legislating for its
Farm Colonies, its Rescue Homes, its
Industrial - Homes for Workingmen,
as well as for the strictly spiritual part
of its work; as wife and mother (she
had a family, of seven), raising aloft'
the .highest' standards for the home
life and seeing that these standards
were Invariably lived up /o; traveling
many thousands 4 ot miles, yearly to
hold ; up the banner of . Calvary to
crowded audiences; successfully insti
tuting | financial j appeals ; . bringing re
newed j light | and sunshine ¦-.-. Into the
lives of her subordinate officers; her
life a benison _ and blessing every day
of the week , arid every; hour of the day,
—all this,, in | spite ot. constitutional
physical weakness,' timidity and ner
vousness beyond the average, does It
not single out Emma Booth-Tucker as
a woman , of .women— a latter-day un
canonized saint? . ;
•'",' No giddy, trifler ;in the realm of fash
ion need "remain in doubt after read
ing this - fascinating "Life," aa to
whether It Is possible to raise a family
properly rand :; likewise , fulfill her, wo
manly obligations to the world in gen
eral. In " spite of physical difficulties
£T New Englaod Poet
C Records fancies.
Booth-TucKer Writes of
':, -Late Wife.
from Jacobs' sailormen would have
passed current at Madame de Stael's
had they been burnished up In the po
lite diction of the salon.
(Charles Scribner's Sons, New York;
illustrated by Owen; price $1 50.)
manners. -To her palatial home on Long
Island there comes a certain Bertie, a
bankrupt English nobleman, seeking
matrimony hyphenated by the dollar
sign. The fetes and the routs given
by the loud Mrs. Palmer to signalize
the advent of so interesting a possibil
ity do not read more strange than the
oft-recurrent press accounts of like
events outside the realms of fiction.
But in all fairness to those con
cerned, Mr. Benson has laid some of
the scenes of his story In England.
Though kinder in a measure to his na
tive folk, the author does not paint a
very inspiring picture of life aa it is
lived among the class jj of privileged
indolence. ' He does not hesitate to
speak out in meeting against the ut
ter listlessness which seems to be the
characteristic of the^Engllsh gentler
man — and lady, too, for that matter.
He rails at his brethren for sitting,
hands folded; and allowing the purse
fat Americans to point the way to suc
cess.
In all of this Benson writes with a
keen wit and a polish' of epigram
.which gives his novel a distinctly
buoyant and sprightly tone. Sincere
aa he at first appears, there Is, how
ever, throughout the book an under
current of burlesque which leaves the
reader In doubt as to whether or not
Mr. Benson's uncivil remarks about
some Americans are in themselves sin
cere.
'- As to New York, the relentless city,
there can be no doubt of the author's
genuine disgust entertained against it.
The people, the press, the streetcars,
the buildings, even the vagaries of the
thermometer; come under a sweeping
curse by bell and by book at the hands
of the English satirist. The word
"beastly" can be read between the
lines of every reference made to the
unfortunate metropolis.
(Harper & Bros., New York; price
Jl 50.)
gossip, their weakness fo all that is
showy, and their continuous much ado
about nothing. -The.. editor has sup
plied all needful helps in the footnotes
and complete vocabulary-, and the vol
ume Is well calculated to Introduce the
student to one of the. principal figures
in modern Spanish literature. "Dona
Perfecta" by Galoon Is edited .by Ed
win S. Lewis of Princeton University
for similar uses. In Spanish. classes.
In the French there are tha old
stand-bys, Merlmee's "Colomba," ed
ited by Hiram P. Williamson of Chi
cago University,' and La.. Fontaine's
"Fables," revised, with notes and vo
cabulary, by Kenneth McKenzie of
Yale. ' ; . ...
Clarence W. Gleason has written an
admirable Greek primer for beginners.
Although the book Is Intended as an
introduction to the study , of . Greek,
rather than aa a short cut to the Ana
basis of Xeriophon. the latter .work
has been drawn on freely, for readlns
matter. The reading selections in and
following trie lessons are intended to
arouse .the . beginner's interest in
Greek literature, and for that end are
taken from as varied sources as possi
ble. To facilitate' the .acquisition cf a
permanent vocabulary, ..both- .Greek
and English, vocabularies' coptain ref
erences . to the lesson, vocabulary
¦where; the words first occur. The sen
tences to be rendered Into Greek are
cut down ta the minimum.
("El Nino de la Bo'la." price 90a.
"Dona Perfecta," price $1. "Fables,"
price 40c "Colomba," price 40c. "Greek
Primer," price $1.)
low's history to popularize (If the term
may be so used) the subject of his
Investigation. He has tried to clothe
the dry bones of fact with a raiment
of romance. Losing nothing to accur
acy or appreciation of the general trend
of his subject, the author has skillfully
contrived to sound in his history, a note
of human interest which removes It
from the plane of mere scholastic grub
bers.
At the expense of minute records of
official orders, diplomatic sparring and
palace Intrigues leading nowhere, Bige
low has filled this third volume with
vivid portraits of leaders in the uphill
fight for a constitutional government.
With spirited style . he pictures such
strong men as Father Jahn, Fritz Reu
ter, Robert Blum and Louis Kossuth.
He tells of their aspirations, their seem
ingly fruitless efforts to raise their
country from tyranny, their heart
breaking "disappointments. Bigelow's
portraits breathe. »
It is almost impossible for us of to
day who see in the German empire a
world power to be respected mightily,
to imagine the deadly pall of reaction
which settled over the dissevered
states of the German-speaking peoples
after the terrible Napoleon had been at
last safely caged. When, from the
crafty and all-powerful Metternich, at
the court of Austria, there emanated
the repressive decrees which pushed •
back the defenders of their father
lands all over Europe, when Kings
were united in a hypocritical Holy Alli
ance to safeguard the principles of ab
solutism and no man's conscience was
his own— then was the time when he
roes no less great than Washington >
and Lincoln arose to fight for their in
dependence. BIgelow shows the inter
dependence of the republican move
ments of one country upon that of an
other, the alliance for protection
against these movements between one
King and another.
Not only does the historian recount
the political movements among the
Germans, which culminated in the rev
olution of 1848, but he reveals the part,
the very large part, in the emancipa
tion which philosophers, poets and even
musicians had to play. The revolution
sprang from the universities, where
such' men as Beethoven, Heine and
Humboldt worked and preached the
doctrines of liberty. Father Jahn, to
whom BIgelow is prone to attribute al
most too much credit for the awaken
ing of Germany, is carried in the
author's work from his college through
all the vicissitudes of a political agi
tator to his grave. !
Perhaps one of the best drawn por
traits and ;the one productive of the
most interest is that of Julie Krudener,
the woman who led Czar Alexander by
the nose Into the promulgation of the
Holy Alliance propaganda. This wo
man, half courtesan, half mystic, is
one of the remarkable female figures of
history. Bigelow has presented a lively
sketch of her personality.
(Harper & Bros., New York; price
52 25.)
of no mean order the heroine of this
volume seems to_have settled the ques
tion once and forever.
The world of superncialism may toll
Its bell at the passing of such a great
soul as Emma Booth-Tucker and go
on its way In rapid forgetfulness, but
there will be few. if anyfof those ear
nest spirits who are trying to wipe
away the world's tears and lessen its
sorrows but will secure and read with
activity this sketch of the life of one
of the most remarkable women of the
twentieth centiiry. in intellect, in sym
pathy and in spiritual attainment.
(Salvation Army Publishing House,
New York; price 50 cents.)
/N one of his essays upon esthetl
< ism Schiller says: "Before truth
.-..-nds its conquering light into the
depths of the heart, the poetic im
agination catches its rays and the sum
mils of humanity begin to glow while
the damp night is« still lying: in the val
leys." TLan this no more happy ex
pression of poetic truth could be found
to characterize the first published
thought of a ne«- ""estern poet. George
Sterling of Oakland has his name to a
modest volume of verse which is cer
tainly bound to carry by force the re
doubts of the rr ' stubborn critics and
win for its author a recognition of no
transitory character. For "The Testi
mony of the Suns" narrowly misses be
ing: a great poem; per", aps the readers
of ten years hence will vote it great.
In bald statement of theme, "The Tes
timony of the Suns" is a pDetic concep
tion of the first inklings of truth about
the grand scheme of the universe which
astronomers have just begun to g;ra*=p.
In the very essence of this fact lies the
application of Schiller's words to the
masterful poem which is Sterling's.
The poetic imagination, pays the great
philoBopher-poet. catches the first glint
cf half reveaied truth and heralds it
abroad to the souls yet unenlightened.
The poet is the frontiersman of thought
— the watchman who tells what of the
night. Just so has Sterling sought to
eee into and beyond the filmy concep
tion of the scientists and read the great
Law which is veiled behind tbe truth of
the telescope.
But the poem is more than that. A
bold plunge Into untrodden heights of
transcendentalism is "The Testimony
of the Suns." It is daring:; it could al
most be styled untoward in the realms
of poetry- The eternal ' why" is the po
etic spring of the work, but it is not the
query as applied to mere human life
which Sterling voices, but the illimitable
riddle of star space and worlds' cata
clysms which swings through his
stanzas. No attempt at an answer is
made. The monstrous crux of the en
tire Thing thinkable, of All that Is, is
chanted in a measure sonorous and awe
full.
The late Frank Norris once wrote
that were one to lie upon his back on
a cloudless day and gaze intently up
at the blue the crust of the sky would
part after long scrutiny and the
watcher would see bare space; hi3
soul will tlien wither within him at
the dread of It. This homely illus
tration is adequate to describe in a
measure the effect of "The Testimony
of the Suns." One reading with un
derstanding feels about him the utter
awfulness of stellar space. Here It is:
What Bounds shall pass the guilt where zrcma.
Their «uUen axles on the nijcht?
What thunder from the etrands of llrht
Whence Vegm eUxes on worlds unknown?
O deep whote very alienee stuns!
Where lifht la powerless to Illume.
lost In inimenstUea of rloora
Teat Awnst to motet the fiarinff rusi.
Sterling's flight into the realms
where Is
The wind, that blows between the worlds
has nothing of the classic deflnlteness
of Coleridge or the mystic gropinga of
Poe. In his "Ode to the Departing
Tear" Coleridge dwells upon the ste
reotyped group of gods in the high
heavens, come from every star; there is
no new concept there. Poe's misbegot
ten "Ulalume," like other figments of
that strangely disordered thought, pos
sesses no Image of the outer dark than
the fanciful figures of Poe's own usage.
In Its sublimity of concept and vivid
ness cf portrayal Sterling's picture of
the war of the worlds in the unplumb
&ble abyss of the universe is without
parallel. Rash and sudden though the
statement may be. It appears, never
theless, that the new Western poet has
caught a small part of the wondrous
Imagination of a Dante or a Milton.
Though In no way didactic. Sterling's
view of the supreme heavens brings
him to enunciate a doctrine which is
at one with the remarkable sublimity
of bis conception. Does little man, liv
ing but for a fleeting breath on this
puny world, dare to believe that to him
there will ever come the stupendous
revelation of all that great congeries of
forces ruling the Bkies? Is there even
an eternity for so small a dust speck
in the cosmic scheme?
Bow Taat tbe g-ulfa of man's desire!
ChUerca of chance, we dream to tfcar*
The battle-vl*ll of Altalr.
And watch treat Fcmalhaut expire;
So Areanpt thy sona on world* destroyed.
Whose dust a.Ilure« our careless eyes.
Ac, lit as last on alien ekies.
The taetecr raj!ts athwart the void.
There are other bits of verse In this
first volume of Sterling's which, aside
from "The Testimony of the Suns,"
are well calculated to give the author
prominence. The exalted note of sub
limity is in these subdued to a gentle
rhythm of tenderness and simplicity.
There are lyrics of short length, the
sonnet is tried with success, and in an
ode to "Music" the poet shows his fa
cility with blank verse. Into simple
verse form are cast all of Sterling's ef
forts. There is no striving for effect
with a tortured construction or arbi
trary rhyme scheme. His stanzas are
musical and flowing: and harmony has
been well molded to the thought.
(W. E. Wood, San Francisco.)
A Re marina ble Poem
by New Writer.
we get In a magazine, quite enough for
our mental digestion, though we hope
this is in nowise enfeebled by early ex
cesses, i Even w*en we find It too much,
we feel s?fer than If we had the whola
book before us In a mass; and in any
case we' spend our hour or half -hour
with it, And then go contentedly about
our .'business, with a. little glimmer on
our .way of «
. The light that never was on ua or land.
\ The Burlington M.aga?lne will here
after be published fa the United States
by "'the Macmillari Company. This
monthly magazine for connoisseurs ha3
become famous during Its two and a
half years of life for its beautiful re
productions of' unknown paintings of
special Interest. English! • French.
Italian,; German. Dutch, and even Chi
nese. In addition its illustrations in
clude wqodcutl, and half- tones and
color plates of pottery, porcelain* glass
ware, medals, panels, sculpture, flagons.
tankards and pewter- ware. Its dis
tinction la that it publishes reproduc
tions of unequaled . beauty and accu
" racy of all sorts of rare objects of art,
the real appreciation of which Is con
fined chiefly to the-elect. The contents
sometimes include'freely illustrated de
scriptions of famous collections.
Miss Marie Manning, author of "Ju
dith of the Plains," whose travels have
always yielded material for good sto
ries, is fond of telling of a family she
encountered while taking a horseback
trip -in: Tennessee. They were typical
backwoods -people, far off civiliza
tion's highway. In conversation it
transpired that the eldest daughter, Lu
ella, had recently returned from a town
and had brought horn* a pair of euri
ing-lrons. The entire feminine portion
of the family had since spent their
spare time In hair curling, but without
avail. Not a curl would come. Miss
Manning sympathetically Inquired into
the trouble, and discovered that they
had never heated .the curling- Irons.
Overjoyed at this discovery, general
curling operations were promptly re
newed, and at the end of the perform
ance every woman of the family had a
head, not: only thoroughly curled, but
equally well -scorched, -
Early publication is -announced by
the Century Company of "Mrs. Mc-
Lerle," by J. J. Bell of "Wee Macgree
gor" fame. Mrs. McLerle la a quaint
and delightful old soul, who rules her
"man" lovingly 1 If firmly, talks over
everything with her neighbor, Mrs.
Munro, and is a regular Mrs. Parting
ton In her. misuse of unfamiliar words.
"Mrs. McLerle'.*. tells all about the life
of the McLerle household—*. . homely,
simple life enough—with glimpses of
doings in the Munro family and.of hap
penings in the neighborhood. Much of
the quiet humor of the book is found in
Mrs. McLerie's . unconscious . , bulls.
"AweeU it's a*, yin," she .always aay«
placidly to all correction. . . .
. The late M. d» Blowltz. whoso vol
ume of memoirs, published this fall by
Doubleday, Page & Co.. is considered
one of the main literary events of the
year, .was. the/. one Journalist. the world
has seen fit .to honor aa a man of com -
man ding, ability in publio life. On» rea
son why he, was successful la .•plainly
seen In his statement that, his work
was "the .veritable passion" of his life.
The other reasons are that Blo-wita
was a man of keen Judgment, coupled
with Ingenuity, perseverance and Intel
lect, which enabled fr'Tp to consort on •>
plane of equality with the greatest per
sonages and rulers of his time. ¦ - Tho
story, of his life reads like a novel. Tha
remarkable part of It is that he became
a newspaper man only by a • series of
accidents, it seems, and • then he- wu
.away on toward middle life.
Henry Seton Merrtman. the- author of
"Barlasch of the Guard." or to givs
him his proper name, Hugh Scott, who
died recently at his house in Suffolk,
England, was probably the least known
in a personal sense of- any English
writer. He was almost a recluse, and
. one. might go .for many years to- liter
ary gatherings in London and net meet
him. This was not beeause Mr. Msr
- ziman was opposed to social life, but
rather because he was indifferent to it.
To his last days, moreover, ho could
not get over being amused at the~hom
age he received from nis admirers and
at being caUed/^fainou!*" and "great."
Henry KrehWel's volnm*. "Studies In
the Wasnerian Drama." la In demand
at present, say the Harpers, because*
of. Its scholarly accotjnt of, ••ParslfaL"
Mr._ Krehblel . Inquires* into. tnei origin
of the opera, and shows that It was aa
offspring of two previous dramas by
Wagner, -one of which was entitled
"Jesus of Nazareth." the other- "Th«
Victors." In his analysis of the. later
and greater opera Mr. Krehblel, says:
"The fundamental elements of the mu
sic . of . 'Parsifal' are suffering . and as
piration. When they are apprehended
the ethical purpose of. the- drama be
comes plain, but not till then." "Par
sifal," In Its new English. poetic ver
sion by, Oliver Huckel, .has reached Its
tenth thousand, say the publishers*
Thomas Y. Crowell & Co.. . .
"My Lady Laughter," Dwight Til
ton's new novel, la. expected to equal in
the fascinating charm of its heroine tho
author's "Miss Petticoats,!"., whose tre
mendous sale' was undeniably due to the
«Sart Interest of -the chief feminine
figure,. Agatha Renler. The stage'ver
sion of this play Is : meeting with much
success' as given by a company headed
. by K athryn Osterman." ; \'Z , • — ;~ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY ,CALH
A BIBLIOLATER IN THE BOOKSTALLS
7"What have they against him?"
asked. the Guidman of Bailengeich with
a -frown. "It Isn't exactly that .they
have anything against the KIng,""sald
MacDonald, perhaps not slow to prick
the -self-esteem of his. comrade, "but
they consider him merely, a boy. of
small weight. In. their affairs one way
or. another.. They neither fear him nor
respect. him. The real mbnarclTof these
regions is the , humpback in Dunvegan
Castle; and even If they knew you were
King, your sternest command would
have! no effect against his slightest
wish,'- unless -you had irresistible
force at. the back of you."
"That is .very true," replied MacDon
ald, "but you must not forget that no
one has any. suspicion, who you are.
Every one is a friend of James Stuart
of the Lowlands, but I hear nobody say
a good word for the King." :./
I'll put Into the English whatever you
like to say."
Malcolm MacLeod took the strangers
to his own house, which was the best
in the village. Almost the entire popu
lation of the port had been working on
the King's boat, and now "that it was
finished and launched the place had
earned a holiday. 'Malcolm was delight
ed to have visitors who could bear wit
ness to the skill -.of his designing/ap
preciate the genius of the poets and
listen to the skrelph of the piping. The
strangers were hospitably enter
tained and entered thoroughly into the
SDlrit of the festivities. *
"Lash,. Jamie," said the King to his
friend two or three days after their ar
rival, "I | might well have Ignored your
advice about the ships, as I did your
base counsel about the army. I need
no 'fleet here to protect me in Skye,
where every man is my friend."
¦•¦¦-'-'ram James MacDonald, ' explained
that young: man by way of introduction
"son of the Laird of Sleat. We heard
you had built a" boat for, the King, and
so have come to see it. This is James
Stuart, a friend «f mine from*the Low
lands, and I have brought him with me
that he may learn what Doalbuildlnir
really is.," ¦ •
"You "are very welcome," said Mac-
Leod, "and just in time, for they are
taking her round the' headland to.Dun
vegan to-morrp w morning. Aye, she's
a.-bonnie boat, if r do say it myself, for
norone knows her and what she'll do
¦better than I."
"The King should be proud of her "
said MacDonald. ; * . . ' .
S MacLeod tossed his shaggy head and
replied with a sneer: . ¦ -\.vvn
/'It's little • the King knows' about
: boat's;*. • He, should be playing- with a
shallop in a' tub of water Instead of
meddling, with men'a^affairs. Allaster
Crottach is our king, and If he gra
ciously pleases to tickle the lad in Stir
ling : by -saying', he owns the boat, All
aster himself will have ' the using of
her. '._ I would not spike a plank for the
King, but Kd build a fleet for, Allaster if
he wanted i It. Has your friend : the
'Gaelic?^ If he has.^.he ;may. tell * the
King what I say .when he goes back to
the ' Lowlands." ."- -¦¦;"
~ "No, " he " has \ no Gaelic, Malcolm, but
"Ah. that is better, and.more reassur
ing. I think^either of us. Jamie, would
rather be within 5-isht of the smiles of
the Rose .of Skye than within reach of
the claymore3.bf her kinsmen."
¦ . Bji this :tJmethe*assembIafce bri' shore
became, aware thai visitors were ap
proaching,, and the acclamation ceased.
Malcolm MacLeod himself came for
ward on the landing to greet the new
com*»rs.;. He was; a • huge man* of about
f»0, toll q«*d .wejl proportioned,' with an
honegt-but masterful face; all in all "a
mag-niflcent specimen of the race, des
tined by- nature to "be a leader of men.
He received his visitors with dignified
courtesy. , •.','¦ •"•' '' " . :
•The 'King laughed heartily, at 'this.
"But here we have another '. follower of
the muse who has taken the place of the
first What is this one saying?-' ! -V
"He says that beautiful is |the western
sky "when the sun sinks '_, beneath i Ithe
.wave, - more* beautiful /still : ls r ; the
'cheek of the Rose' of Skye," the daughter
of their Chieftain." -¦ -r • r •'•'• : ¦••* -""
"Oh, not so," replied MacDonald; ."The
man .is'one of their poets/and he. is re
citing an epic he has written," doubtless
in praise of Malcolm's boat building." •
- "God save usl'.'.'oried the King. "Have
we, .then,'; poets; m- Skye?" .• ?'¦ * '¦' '"'• ,
"The whole of the. Highlands is a land
of .,- poetry,"/, your-". Majesty;"^ afflrmed
MacDonald,, drawing himself up proud
ly, "although the very poor; Judges ; <of
the art In Stirling may not be aware of
the ; fact.? . ; . ..... •¦. .,-¦-,_¦'/¦' -. _ ¦¦ ¦¦¦• : :
The King shrugged his shoulders. <
- ."The man .forgets that the sea also
Is eternal, and that it ultimately wears
away the M^iff." This appears to be an
incitement toward war, then i"~". -
- "It seems the boat is yours.", said
MacDonald to the King, In English.
"It;, is the ' . twenty-six-oared pulley
that Allaster Crottach was bound .by
his agreement to build for you. My'
man tells me that it is to be taken to
morrow to. Dunvegan. *Castle, so it is",
likely "to be used by Allaster Crottaclf
himself before your Ma jesty sets r foot
in it, for If it 'had been intended only,
for the King It would 'have been left
here so 'that'It might be .convenient. to
the mainland.. — It. has been built, by
Malcolm. MacLeod, the 'leader of '.all
the people in these. parts. "„ . '¦} 1
"iris, indeed/ a'; beautiful barge." as
sented the | King, admiring. the ! graccf iiL
lines of. the ; ship." "But whatsis! that,
long - haired, "'bare - legged "^ cateran:
screaming about^ with his arms
like a windmill ? - The crowd evidently -
appreciates his efforts, for -they/, are
rapturous in their applause."
"He is saying," translated MacDon
ald, after- a '• few ; Iistenlnff,',
"that the MacLeods are- like; the eter
nal rocks of "Skye,- and -their enemies,
like the waves of the sea. Their ene-"
mies dash against, them' and; they" re-,
main unmoved, while; the wave is shat-t
tered -into infinitesimal spray. .* So do.
the MacLeods defy' and scorn all'- who:
come against, them." ,:-¦".: 1. •,._",
of the handsome ship, which they now
saw, covered with flags,. riding placidly
on the surface of the bay. She evident
ly was new, for her sides were fresh
from the ax, without stain of either
weather or wave. . ; . :
The court wondered greatly at the
sudden disappearance of James Mac-
Donald. but nor.e dared to make in
quiry, some thinking he. had. escaped
to the north,~others that a dungeon" in
Stirling Castle might reveal his where
abouts. The Kins spent three days in
settling those affairs of the realm
which demanded immediate attention,
left . Sir Donald Sinclair in temporary
command, and rode off to Doune Castle.
From thls J stronghold there issued
next morning before daylight two well
mounted young men, who struck in a
northwesterly direction for the 1 wild
Highland coufctry. At is'.was uriadvis
able far them to. enter. Skye In anything
like state, the two travelers contented
themselves with an ordinary fishing
boat, which spread sail when 'the
winds were fair, and depended on th.e
oars of. the crew when the. sea was
calm. - They were accompanied by. two
gillies, who were intended .to be use
ful on any ordinary occasion and neces
sary in case of emergency, for the, boat
and Its crew were to wait in any. har
bor of Skya that was determined upon
and carry news to Loch Torridon if the
presence of the fleet was deemed neces
sary. ....
The scattered village .of . Portree
climbed up a steep acclivity, and, as
the"*- royal . party . rounded the j headland
-and- came • In sight of the ' place It
seemed as if the inhabitants knew a
distinguished visitor " was about to
honor them with his presence, for the
whole ; population',' cheering ' and ges-'
ticulating, was gathered along, the
shore. The" gillH,' however, -informed
his -master that, the demonstration"' was
probably on the' occasion of the launch'
"That is not a bad plan, Jamiel" said
the Kiner, "and we will arrange It as
you suggest." , '
"My advice has been slighted so far."
said MacDonald, "yet I .must give you
another piece of it. "We are going In
a kittleish country. I advise you to or
der your fleet into some safe cove on
the west coast. It will do. the; West
Highlanders goc-d to see what ships you
have, for they think that no one but
themselves and Noah could build a
boat. When we come up into my own
country we'll get a-gillle or two that
can be dependedon to wait on us, then.'
if we aVe nipped, one or other of these
gillies can easily steal a boat and make
for the fleet with your orders. to the
admiral."
as possible to-night and hie you to my
Castle of Doune, and wait until I come,
which may be in a day or in a week."
"You advised -an army, which I shall
not take with me. I shall • be" well
guarded by my good right arm and by
the still more potent right arm, if I
may believe his own statement, of my
friend Jamie McDonald of Sleat. ~
' "You " will ¦ cet yourself out of Stir
line." continued the King,' "aslquietly
"Your Majesty does not .propose going
alone?", cried \MacDonald • In- amaze
ment. ¦ . ¦ ¦ . . . -. . , • --.... i -
"Certainly not; ? I 'Bhall-" be well
guarded." f/- ; - •
"Ah, that is a different matter, and
exactly what I advised." •
"You are right in that. Jamie, and
the remark shows I have chosen a wise
councilor. Very well, then. I ; have
never seen the renowned island of
Skye. They, tell me It is even more
picturesque than Stirling itself. I nro
pose, then, to don a disguise, visit Skye
and find out if I can what . the tur
bulent islanders want. . If I am not
able to grant their desire I can at least
deal the better, with them for belnc
acquainted."- ¦.¦*,;.
"If your Ma Jesty... will tell what you
¦have resolved upon, then I shall very
blithely . give you my opinion on' it.; It
is always easier to criticize the plans
of another than to put forward "sensi
ble plans of one's own."
"Next! I would raise an army and
march against him and ' make him
laugh on the other side of his crooked
mouth."
"Hum," said the King. "I am think
ing, Jamie, there are lions in the path."
"The lions are imaginary, your Maj
esty. The Grahams, the Stewarts, the
McNabs would rise not against -you,
but for you, delighted to be led by their
King. The Campbells themselves must
Join you, if your force were large
enough to do without them. Among
the MacDonalds alone I could guaran
tee you an army. You forget that the
Highlandman is always anxious for
warfare. Leave Stirling with a thou
sand men and you will have ten thou
sand before you are at the shores of
Sleat."
"It may all be as you say, Jamie.
Perhaps the Highlands would rise with
me instead of against me, but a pru
dent commander must not ignore the
possibility of the reverse. However,
apart from all this, I am desirous of
quelling the military ardor of the High
lands, not" of augmenting it. It's easy
enough setting the heather on fire' in
dry weather, but he .is a wise prophet
who tells where the conflagration ends.
I would rather carry a bucket of . water
than a sword, even though it may -be
heavier.".".." y "'
"That seems but just," concurred the
King, "still, I doubt if our friend the
humpback places very much value on
the writing of his august sovereign. He
knows he holds his lands as he holds
his sword — his grip on the one relaxing
when he loses his grip on the other.
We will suppose, however, the charter
withdrawn and the MacLeods laughing
defiance at us. What next, MacDon
ald?"
"Yes, 'that's the man, and a crafty,
plausible old gentleman he is.' He got a
charter under the great seal of all his
lands from my father, dated the 15th of
June, 1468. This did not satisfy him,
and when 1 ckmfe to the throne Mie
asked for 'a similar charter from me,
which I signed on the ISth of February
last. Its conditiens seemed to be most
advantageous tjo him,' for all that 'was
required of him was' that J he . should
keep for my use a -galley .'of twenty-six
oars, and likewise keep the peace, I
am Tiot aware whether the galley. h*s
been built or not, but there is certainly
very little peace, where a" MacLeod has
a claymore in his hand., Now, Jamie,
the MacLeods are your .neighbors in
Sleat. so tell me what you would'~do
were the King's crown on your head?"
"I should withdraw their charter,"
said MacDonald. \
The King threw back his head and
laughed the generous laugh of the all
conquering man.
"E-god, Jamie, my man, we may put
that to the test before long, but it is in
the high realms of statesmanship I
want your advice, and not In the frivol
ous- courts of love."
"Why does your Majesty wish to have
my opinion?" asked the Highlander.
"Lord. I'll want more than your opin
ion before this is done with, but I may
tell • you at once that there's trouble
some news from Skye."
"Are the MacLeods up again?""
"Aye, they're ur> and down. They're
up in their anger and down on their
neighbors. I cannot fathom the intri
cacies of their disputes, but it may in
terest you to know that some of your
clan are engaged in it. I suspect that
Alexander MacLeod of Dunvegan is be
hind all this, although he may not be
an active participant."
"Ah, that is Allaster Crottach," said
the young man, knitting his brows.
"AUaster, yes; but what does Crot
tach mean?" asked the King. * . •
"It means the humpback."
Whether intentional or not, the King
had touched a sore spot when he re
ferred to the laying of a winsome las
sie's head on his shoulder, and Mac-
Donald drew himself up rather stiffly.
"In any ploy with the ladies," he
said, "your Majesty has the weight of
an ermine cloak in your favor, and we
all know how the lassies like milli
nery."
"Then. Jamie, In a fair field, you
think you would have the advantage of
me, as for example if our carpet were
the heather instead of the weaving of
an Eastern loom?"
"I Just think that,"' said MacDonald
stoutly
"Truth to tell, Jamie, your head
would be of little use to inc. were it not
on your shoulders. If the head were
that of a winsome lassie I might be
tempted to take it on my own shoulder,
but otherwise I am well content to let
heads remain where Providence places
them./" ; i< - *^
"If your Majesty means the High
landers they are easily enough under
stood. They are plain, simple, honest
bodies who speak .what's on their
minds, and who are always willing in
an argument to exchange the wag of
the tongue for a swoop of the black
knife."
•I admit," said the King, with a
smile, "that they are a guileless, pas
toral people, easy to get on with if you
comprehend them, but that is where
I'm at a loss and I thought your head
might supplement my own."
"I am delighted to hear you want my
head for no other purpose but that of
giving advice." returned the High
lander candidly.
When James the laird's son entered
the presence of James the King, the
latter eald as soon as the captain had
left them alone together:
"Jamie, my man. you understand the
Gaelic, so It Is possible you understand
those who speak it."
Some weeks after the Ill-considered
anti-royal threats had been made their
premulgator was one of a group In the
courtyard of the castle, when the cap
tain of the guard came forward and
said the King wished to see him in his
private chamber.
"Ah. well." commented James, "Kings
must take their luck like other folk,
and some day Jamie and I may meet
on the heather with no other witnesses
than the mountains around us and the
blue skv above us. and in that case I
'Bhall have to do the best I can. I make
no doubt that MacDonald's position in
Stirling Is less pleasant than my own!
He is practically a prisoner, held host
age here for the rood conduct of his
father, the firebrand of Sleat, so we
must not take too seriously the vapor
ing of a youth whose leg is tied. I was
once a captive myself to the Douglas,
and I coed words that would scarcely
have been pleasant for my gaoler to
hear had eome kind friend carried
them, co I have ever a soft side for
the man In thrall."
Now this was rank treason, for you
must never talk of swords in relation
to a King, except that they be drawn
in his defense. So it was not long after
these injudicious utterances had been
given forth that they "were brought,
with many exaggerations, to- the ears
of the King.
"You think, then," said his- Majesty
to one of the tale bearers, "that if
Jamie had the chance he wojuld run his
iron through my "royal person?"
"There is little doubt of it, your Maj
esty," replied the parasite.
"If the King," he said boldly, "w.-vs
plain Jamie Stuart, as I am Jamie Mac-
Donald, we would soon see who was
winner of the bonniest less, and if he
objected to fair play I'd not scruple
to meet him 6word in hand on the
heather of the hills, but not on the
stones of Stirling. It is the crown that
has won, and net the face underneath
it."
¦fTAMES was pleased with himself.
I He had finished a poem, admlt
\ ted by all the court to excel any-
Qj thing: that Sir David Lyndsay ever
wrote, and he had outdistanced
James MacDonald, son of the Laird
of Sieat. in a contest for the prefer
ence of the fairest lady in Stirling, and
young llacDonald was certainly the
handsomest sprig about the palace. So
the double victory in the art of rhythm
and of love naturally induced the Kins
to hold a great- conceit of himself.
Poor Davie, who was as modest a man
regarding his ewn merits as could be
found in the realm, quite readily and
honestly hailed the King his superior
in the construction of Jingling rhyme,
but the strapping youn* Highlander
was proud as any scion of the royal
house and he took, his defeat less diffi
dently. •
(Copyright by Robert Barr.)
The little company without another
word retraced their steps to the small
boat and made for the ship, which was
now facing outward, anchor hoisted
and sails spread once more, so the
watching Highlanders had a view of a
large vessel superbly managed, as the
west wind which brought her Into the
harbor took her safely out again.
The royal young man had a striking
lesson on the fickleness of the populace*
Heretofore, as MacDonald had truly
said, no one had a good word to say for
the King; now It was evident that
James V of Scotland was the greatest
and wisest monarch that ever sat on a
throne.
Malcolm MacLeod had been always
so proud of his skill that this proclama
tion could hardly augment his self
esteem, but it suddenly changed his
views regarding his august overlord. In
conversation ever after it became, "I
and the King," and he was almost will
ing to admit that - James was -very
nearly as great a man a* Al«ander
MacLeod of Dunvegan.
The reader now looked up from his
parchment and gazed over the assem
blage.
"Is Malcolm MacLeod here?" he
asked. "Let him step forward."
The giant, somewhat dazed, walking
like a man in a dream, approached the
foot of the cross. The officer rolled the
proclamation and presented It to the
shipbuilder, saying:
"From the hand of the King to the
hand of. Malcolm MacLeod."
Malcolm accepted it. muttering half
with a smile, half with a frown:
"E-god. the King knows a good boat
when he gets it!"
Then the officer uplifted his sword
and cried:
"God save the King," and now the
hills around re-echoed with the cheer
ing.. ;£/, ¦- "i- ¦;.
cerned. these Islanders would simply
take to the hills and defy it."
"Ah. well." said the Kins. "I'll make
them think better of me before I am
done with them."
The week's festivities /were to end
with a grand poetical contest- All the
bards of the island were scribbling; at
any rate, those who could write. But
this Homeric competition was endan
gered by disquieting news brought to
the island by the fishermen. They re
ported that a powerful fleet had been
seen rounding the northern coast of
Scotland, and was now making toward
the south. This unexpected Intelligence
seemed to change Instantaneously th«
attitude of the Islanders toward their
two guests.
The King's alertness of mind saved
the situation. He had brought with
him from Stirling, 'in case of emer
gencies, several sheets of blank parch
ment, each bearing the Great Seal of
Scotland. Once more the useful Mac-
Donald was his amanuensis. A procla
mation in Gaelic was written and the
signature of James IV Inscribed
thereon- This document was Inclosed
with a communication containing di
rections to the admiral of the fleet, and
MacDonald intrusted the packet to one
of his gillies, with orders that sail
should be set for Loch Torrldon, and
the message given to the officer in com
mand. ' l •
Three days later the ferment on the
island was immeasurably Increased
when the guard on the headland report
ed that a ship of war was making di
rect for the harbor. A horseman was
dispatched full gallop to Dunvegan
Castle to inform the head of the clan
of the mysterious visit of the two men.
followed so sooa by the approach of
a belligerent vessel. 'But before the
messenger was ten miles on his way
the ceremony was over and done with.
The big ship sailed majestically
through the narrows, cast anchor and
fired a salute.' A well-; manned boat was
lowered and rowed to the shore. There
stepped from the 1 boat* 8n officer in a
splendid uniform, followed by a lieu
tenant and half a dozen men. one of
whom carried the flag of Scotland. This
icomRany marched ti> the cross, which
stood in the center of the village, and
the crowd sullenly followed, with Mal
colm. MacLeod at their head, not
knowing what the action of the naval
officer might porfend. and in absence
of 'definite orders^ from their chief.
hesUating to oppose this inland march.
Many of those on the fleet were High
landers, and 'the second in command
was one of them. This man mounted
the three steps at the foot of the cross
and. stood with his back against the
upright stone. His "chief handed him
a roll of parchment, and the subordi
nate officer In a loud voice, and in ex
cellent Gaelic, cried:
"A proclamation from his Most Ex
cellent Majesty. James V of Scotland!
God save the King!"
At this the chief officer raised his
sword in salute and his men sent up a
cheer, but the aggregation was not sec
onded by any of the large concourse
there gathered. Undaunted by this
frigid reception the officer unrolled
the manuscript and read its contents
in a voice that reached to the farthest
outskirts of the crowd:
"I, James of Scotland, lawful King of
this realm, do proclaim to all loyal sub
jects that the safety and liberty of my
land depends on an unconquerable fleet,
and that the merit of the fleet consists
In stout, well-built ships; therefore the
man whom I, the King, delight to honor
is he whose skill produces the best sea
going craft, so I hereon inscribe the
name of Malcolm MacLeod, master
shipbuilder, a man who has designed
and constructed a boat of which all
Scotland has reason to be proud. The
King's barge of twenty-six oars,
planned by Malcolm MacLeod and built
for him by the people of Skye. will be
used as a model for all shipbuilders In
the Scottish navy."
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
"Ah, Jamie, you ; are simply trying
to Justify the bringing of the fleet
round Scotland."
- "Indeed and I am not. The only use
to- which yotNcan put your fleet will be
to set \ you away from herein case of
trouble. As far as ' its force . is con-
THE KING EXPLORES
8have since been universal
ly admired by all who
have seen them.
All poses should be ea?y
and natural, and to se
cure the best possible re
sults a photographer has
need, besides his art train
ing and experience, of in
finite tact, patience and
presence of mind. He must
consider the tempers of
Bitters", who should bo
made to feel at ease, an«l
remember that in a good
bies are, to many photog
raphers, more or less of a
nuisance. With me, on the
contrary,- to photograph
them is a labor of iovp.
I like the little ones and
they like me. a leading rea
son, no doubt, for my suc
cess with them. Children
should never be told be
forehand of a contem
plated visit to the studio
nor Instructed as to their
poses. - It is far better to
take them by surprise and
ward in another, but atti
tudes common in . every
day. life" should, be .care
fully- observed, studied
and adapted to the photo
graphic art. Expression,
like posing, - admits of al
most endless diversity,
and is besides so .evanes
cent and dependent upon
minute differences of light
and shade, that while not
impossible, it is ! still . very
difficult to' secure.
Uttle children and ba-
photograph, as in a paint
ing, should be — /
Not the form alone I
And semblance, buti how
ever faintly shown.
The mind's Impression, too,
on every fa;e.
An accidental attitude
sometimes gives the-oper
ator the effect desired,
and when the opportunity
c*omes he should be quick
to avail himself of it. A
sitter may be graceful in
one position and awk-
ret them to pose them
selves, r ,
When a child enters a
Btudio it should be met In
a friendly spirit and mad a
to feel perfectly at borne.
To get the beat expres
sion, In the cose of an In
fant, it must first be In
terested and pleased, thus
giving the operator full
scope for j the exercise of
his persuasive talents. «
Adults too, frequently
become nervous before a
camera, and then it Is tha
business of the observant
and " tactful operator to
put them at their ease. In
stantaneous photographs
can.be taken In a well
lighted studio with a less
having a wide aperture
and a rapid plate.
When,, all Is in readiness
let the operator, before
making the exposure, taka
a last, quick glance at the
sitter to see that the out
line of the figure composes
well, that the light and
shade Is massive and
round and that the face
bears some Indication of
expression desired.
]T is no exaggeration to
Fay that the dominat
ing features of all
Portraits, oil paint
ings, as wail as photo
era r,hs, are tose and ex
pression
Recently, *bu e ' travel
ing in a Southern Pacific
train between this city. ami
Oakland, my attention
was attracted by the ap
pearanee of Margaret C.
Hoist, the precocious tnd
beautiful .b-ld whosa
likeness is here repro
duced. f?h- E2t
opposite to i:\" and was ac
• com par. led by her mother.
I noted the artistic out
linos of her iurrr. and fea
tures. I>ut what chiefly
impressed mj was the? uu
etudied praoc of her atti
tudes and the vivid ex
pression of the emotions
.reflected in her face. In
troducing myself to the
! mother, I arranged with
her to bring the little sir!
to my etudio to be photo
graphed. I tot k her in Eix
different pose*, at one sit
ting, and the pictures
THE ART OF POSING
CHILDREN
WATCH FOR THE NEW MUI/TIPLE NEXT SUNDAY"Win he get well, doctor?" distract
edly asked Mrs. Tucker. "i a he out of
danger?"
Tommy Tucker had been hurt while
performing the act he called flipping a
freight . train.
The Infant Terrible.
looked upon as the diversion of an in
genuous-youth. • <
This until Mrs. Carleton had caught
him. trading her button-hole scissors
for a gold-plated 'pencil holder, three
white mice, an old whitewash brush,'
half a. tin of. blacking,"- a: mangy daub
to be used with the same, and two
B-cent tales of adventure oh the West
ern plains, participated In w by^ almost j
strenuous 'person named Diamond Bill.
Then she set her foot down and .would
not be pacified even when Jimmy de
clared that all he wanted' was the
books and mice, and * that after de^'
ducting these as commission 'he was
going to give her tbe rest of the goods.
The story came out at \the supper
table and was hugely enjoyed- by Mr.
Carleton, whose Yankee blood had evl-'
dently transmitted to Jimmy the pas
sion for trading. . 1, . v ,
"Leave the work basket ¦' alone,'
Jimmy," he admonished.* ''When you j
want to make a swap on commission
take something big. Take your sister
Lutie, fo» instance. TouV take - what
you want from Sandon, and I'll take a
couple of boxes of cigars for my
share."
Then "everybody laughed, for it was
a standing joke that Lutie was apt to
become an old maid simply .'- because
she insisted on waiting for Harry San
don, and 'Sandon .was too bashful to
(CajryrtcSt. XMs» tor OoBn a. QoUns.)
. SfityvS&Z^kX* always contended
that her Jimmy
'y^f^^** come a men of
/^///TiYvli Bark in the world
f 7* ¦^¦t t*** early age
of Ux ba had been caught putting pen
nies Into the contribution box, when
his mother had always made it a point
to give tola a nickel.
This being brought- to the attention
of the youthful James did not abash
Wrp, He merely quoted his father to
the effect that all the heathen were
not located in Africa. Bis mother
afterward remembered that on the
aame occasion James himself was the
heathen referred to by his father.
The Inference was obvious, but a
six-year-old logician is not to be ar
gued with. A compromise was ef
fected by turning ever to the super
intendent a sum double the amount of
a year's contribution. «
When Jimmy was eight he started
in at a regular school. He acquired
* knowledge promptly; also the nick
name of "Swaps,** as a delicate trib
ute to bis accomplishment. The first
day he was In school he started with
a 10-cent Jackknife, and went home
-rrlth a new one worth h&U a dollar.
speak his mind. Lutie .was put driv
ing with Sandon- even' then* and did
not hear, of the terms of the agree
ment. The others promptly forgot It
—all save Jimmy. V.
• This was a rather larger 'order than
he * had yet filled, but he was' not to
be set aside' by a minor consideration
like this. Promptly the next after
noon he turned up at the. grocery store
which/ bore Sandon's name over -the
door. *'. Sandon was all alone, for both
clerks were. out with the wagons. He
was putting up sugar^ in * packages
.ready , for "'• the ? Saturday '* trade, ' but
looked up pleasantly \ when -Jimmy
came in.. - •'.; ; . \ :^
"Got> a trade,' .'Swipes,' " he called,
as the youngster perched himself on
a stool.' The last trade had been ¦ one
of Lutte's hair ribbons ' . f or « a -; half
. pound' ' of r' figs, . and ! the '/ribbon * even
now was* resting over his ' heart. , /
; James nodded gravely. "Got a big
trade," he declared. "I've got. to have
twov'boxes!; of «, good cigars, anyhow,
and what* else ( I can get.'* -
Sandon Btarted.' , This was rather
more important than a half-pound of
flgSVV"'.V-. $¦:.?£'£?$?}
"""I "want to swap- Lutle for two boxes
ot good; cigars, a .whole -big box \et
raisins, ¦ some t candy . ( like \ chocolate
cigars b'est)l;a}bbx;bf sardines/some
crackers, a pound of cheese, a pair of
1 "They had beautiful handles," , ob
served "Swaps,", "besides you should
have tried them first. It's this," and he
pulled from his pocket the sparkling
diamond, but little the worse for the
fact he had been carrying a tar ball in
his pocket the day before.
Lutie cave a cry. "Where did you
get this?"
"It's mine." he protested k stoutly.
"Mr. Sandon gave it to me to swap
with you. You see, pop said I could
swap you with Harry Sandon for two
boxes of cigars and what else I could
get. You get the ring if you promise to
marry him. * Is It a trader*
Lutie grew very red. She was angry
with her father for the jest; angry with
"Swaps" for what he had' done; but
most of all she was angry at Sandon.
It was unmanly, she declared to her
self, to make her the subject of a jest.
For a moment it looked to "Swaps"
as though the elegant trade was off.
Before he could spoil things by argu
ing, a note came from Sandon.
"Don't think," he wrote, "that I was
Joking when I let Jimmy have the ring.
It wasn't that, dear heart, but I have
been trying for so long to tell you what
is in my heart, and I could not find the
words.. Now an Idle remark of your
father's has given me a chance to
speak. I no longer fear to ask you to
skates and — and"— -his 'gaze wandered
—•'that watch,'.': indicating of the
dollar vyariety that lay in the
case.' -. ¦ .'• ' ' y . . ' .:
For a moment Sandon was non
plused. He loved Lutle Carieton," and
some day; hoped to make her his wife.
He had more than enough -\ for two,
and he felt that he was in every way
eligible, but he couldn'tpropose. The
set v forms he found In guides to court
ship were too flowery, and the set
speeches 'he formulated himself were
"too' blunt. .'
By skillful questioning he arrived at
the 'truth>f the. matter, and saw that
"Swaps'*; had accepted the proposition
seriously.,' Why should he. not turn
the , ¦ JokV the other way and be as
serious as Swaps"? He reached out
his hand. "It's' a .trade, .'Swaps,' "he
assured; him; "and here, give her this
ring." It .was an engagement ring
he had purchased when he had visited
New /York I the summer before. He
had dlways carried it with him, but
had never -had the courage to offer it.
"Swaps" was not without a poetical
vein, and the Ying gave him an idea.
He sought out his slater.
"Want" to* make 'a trade; 'Lu?" *he
prefaced. She shook her head laugh
ingly.^ ¦ ... •• -^ - ' ¦ . -, •
"I don't think/ 1 "do, Jimmy. The
last pair of scissors you - traded with
be my wife. I have loved you. dear.
longer than you havs known. Won't
you forgive what is an impertinence,
because I saw In it my only chance to
tell you that I love you? Now that I
have found my voice I shall say It to
my dying day."
Lutle cried a little, but she put on
the ring and "Swaps" knew that he had
made the trade of his life. Mr. Carleton
was taken aback when he saw the turn
affairs had taken and added his apolo
gy to Sandon.
They had Sandon over to supper, and
a merry party It was after the Ice had
been broken by "Swaps" naively re
marking. "Say, Harry*d make a bully
swapper. He gives Lutle a ring to be
his. What's hers Is his, so he's got
his rinjc baclr."
And yet Jimmy was not miserly in
his habits. He- was quite willing to
sell a dilapidated watch case, for
which he had given a penny lead
pencil, to another for 10 cents, and
then treat to a soda at the corner
stand, where, soda might be. had for
2 cents the small glass.
Had he been penurious Mrs. Carle
ton might have Intervened. He was
even fenerous. aad bo his trading wu
When he went -Into the second reader
he eet aside the dollar which had been
given him for the purchase of . a book,
and by a succession of swaps had ac
quired a second-hand volume at an
outlay of 10 cents.
The 10 cents had first been invested
in bullseyes, a confection recom"'
mending Itself to the youth of the
land because It was hard enough to
last through the whole of the morn
ing session. The final trade had been
three buUaeyes, a knife with one
blade and the stump of another, a
stub of Indelible pencil, a red, white
and blue pen holder and three pens
which had not been used past a point
where they would write with a little
coaxing. This was the seventeenth of
the series, from which It may 'be
argued that James was somewhat en
ergetic, since the* book was required
for the afternoon session.
CUPID'S CAPTAIN OF INDUSTRY
These days portieres are a great ad
junct to a well appointed house, and
the most beautiful ones are made to
match the tone of the room to a T.
Tapestry In any dull, rich tone is al-
harmonious. "But beautiful things
cost money," you say. That's very true,
but they do not cost any more or as
much, many times, as the ugly ones,
and In this day and generation there
Is an 'immense j line of conventional
hall papers that are offered the home
decorator. If your hall is small and
narrow put a smooth, soft gray paper
on It that never falls to be cool and
pleasing to look upon and let the few
pictures that dot it here and there be
landscapes that will give depth. But
if tbe hall is of any size the swellest
paper that can be purchased is an imi
tation of leather, and when It Is found
in a Pompeiian red with great sprawly
scrolls of silver, and copper In it it Is
the best kind of decoration in Itself.
Golden oak is a good, serviceable
woodwork and gives the room a cheer
ful aspect at- the same time, and there
Is scarcely a color that falls to blend
with it In a charming manner. And
then the allj-burnlng question of car
pets arises and confronts you with a
cold, etony gtare.* "Oh. don't put car
pets down" is heard from all sides, but
If you can afford a red Axmlnster car
pet, in' rather a mottled design, and
then throw as many Turkish rugs
about as you please, it adds on air of
cozlness and warmth that hardwood
floors and a wealth of nigs never does,
or can for that matter. If the house
does not belong to you it is far better
to Invest in rugs, as they are a decided
economy In the long run and can be
carried from; house to house with the
same good results.
If you have an old home begin by
tearing down a section of the partition
and forming an arch or. putting in a
great sliding door, and then turn your
thoughts to centuries long gone past.
If you would have it very dainty and
fetching choose Louis XV style, but. be
sure to remember that any period ] as
pronounced as this one does. not' permit
of. any old furniture, for then you
would have neither one thing nor the
other, but *a' most unpleasant jumble.
If you can afford it select one of those
beautiful moire damasks that make the
halls look almost good enough to eat.
It costs something like $5 a yard, and
It takes many of them, you know.'to'go
around, but It Is well worth the money
expended when once ur>. '
To carry out the same delicate tone
the woodwork should be ivory white
naajrel. and it Is richest If plain and
not lncrusted with gold or pink. The
And when you have such an entrance
to your home you need not feel that the
light of day should be excluded in or
der to prevent your callers from com
menting uron its hideouaness. and you
will flnd. to your surprise, that you will
be a much more gracious hostess for
this one simple reason. , .
Yet« It is mos*t comforting to have
a dainty drawing-roorif, that Is never
out of order, and to feel that the deli
cate portieres can be pulled aside, with
out fear and trembling. r , ' •
The furnishings should be severely
plain and but the really necessary ar
ticles, for to be roomy and comfortable
it should be free from all projecting ar
ticles of furniture.', 1
ways nice and very serviceable as well,
but when it is dressed up .with a de
sign appliqued in Illuminated leather
it is quite the finest in the land.
best when mads of a warm brown wool
en rep— with bands of green ooze leath
er apDllqued on and held in place by
large copper nails, which add a charm-
Ing bit of color In themselves.
To be apropos, the carpet should be
brown, and as this room probably Is
one of the most popular a good scheme
is to use filling and then throw down
one brown and green carpet rug, which
has the advantage of being easily taken
up and thoroughly cleaned.
Perhaps the prettiest furniture Is
after the mission style, and it goes so
nicely with the room that It is almost a
shame not to select It. Put a high, old
fashioned clock In one corner to warn
people not to sit and toast their toes
quite all night, and decorate the walls
and the tiny shelf that encircles the
room with hunting scenes, or, in fact,
anything that especially catches your
fancy, provided they are. in the pretty
browns. And, above all, don't forget
the mantel, for a den wouldn't be a
den without an open fireplace, for con
tentment always rises with the fire
flickers, and the most delightful air
castles build themselves almost unbid
den.
Every one can't afford such a luxury,
but they cannot get along very well
without a dining-room. Jf you are wise
select a hunting scene in tapestry with
which to cover your walls, for that In
itself Is one of the handsomest adjuncts '
to a dining-room. Of course, tapestry
comes in an almost endless variety, but
If you are overly particular hunt until
you flnd a piece that repeats Itself
every eighteen feet, for the same scene
is not presented bo many times. The
dark EngliBh oe^c that Is heavily carved
is about Ideal, and even If you looked
the world over you probably could not
Katuxally the wallpaper should be
yocr first consideration, for the key
note of year home Is sounded by It and
abov* all It should look Inviting and
WOULD you. Mme. Housewife.
have a home that pleases you
every time you step across
the threshold? that rests
you every time you have an opportun
ity to sit down and look about? Be
cause, forsooth. If that Is the case you
can twist and turn, add a little here
and take away a little there, until you
will scarcely recognise your own house,
and certainly no one else would.
But one thing is absolutely necessary
to work this transformation and It Is
the gift of originality, and it this is
lacking your home will be merely a
house that is entirely innocent of any
expression or that boasts of the least
bit of individuality.
As a rule one house is precisely like
another and that is what you want to
avoid as though it were a deadly pest.
Instead of having the generous supply
of gingerbread work about change to
the simple, straight lines and low open
ings, for they always Impart a quiet
dignity that Is a positive relief.
In the first place the clumsy oak ban
isters with the great newel post that
always seems on the alert to catch the
hurrying folk Is a thing of the past.
If It Is possible the stairs are moved
and the narrow hall made quite twice
or even three times its original size
and the railings and post are of plain
mahogany. That makes more differ
ence than anything else, for the first
Impression on entering a home Is the
most lasttnc on* and a two by four
hall with a brass umbrella stand and
, a tmw hooks on the wall does not give
tho fiaror of stability that Is one of the
principal factors In true homeliness.
While th« outside may look like a twin
broc&er to your neighbor's house there
Is no valid or good reason tor Its being
as xnocstroos In the Interior.
Furnish It in the craftsman fashion
and snare no expense If you caji pos
sibly help It. The walls should be of
oak, but stained a rich brawn, and
much is added to the attractiveness of
the room if the woodwork extends full
four pr five feet from the floor, and the
celling, by the way, should be heavily
paneled to carry out the same effect. [
The portieres and window hangings are
Never let your most "comfy" room
be without a writing desk, for It Is
decidedly unpleasant as well as un
comfortable to leave the snug fire and
sociable candle flicker to accept a din
ner invitation or say "hello" to your
absent friends. Make everything as
homelike as you possibly can, so that
the room may be wqrthy of its name.
And remember one little thing: Noth
ing adds ctn'te so much to the finish-
Ing touch as the "picked up" treasures.
The queer little vases on f heir teak
wood pedestals, the* odd old jugs that
lock as though they had been a part
c-f the furnishings of the ark, the Chi
nese odds and ends that are in the
clearest of blues and white, and, last
but. not least, the ivory colored plasters.
These things may not be of the most
expensive, but they have glorious dec
orative qualities and fit into their
niches quite as well as tliough they
were. of the finest marbles and the rar
est crystal.
One of the most pleasing rooms that
you could Dossiblv add to your list is
the den: that one secluded spot where
only the privileged mortals are admit
ted and then on state occasions.
tor unless It Is comfortable It has no
valid reason for being in this room, for
nothing under the shining -heavens Is
quite as depressing as a chair that
catches one In the wrong place.
carpet must be a sort pmn velvet and
Is Drettier when absolutely plain and
under no circumstances place any rugs
over it unless, they are soft white bear,
for the carpet should be quite sufficient
In itself. , .
And then comes the delicate spindle
legged gold furniture. Don't make the
mistake, of 'crowding the room, far
rather let it 'appear bare. lor it Is only
for your very best Sunday-go-to-meet
ing guests and Is really, more! for show
than for u&f;_' . \^ ¦;-•: '.;.< .- ' .;.,.;, .,
Three or %t 'our stralght-bXrked . bro
caded chairs," a small setup, an Inlaid
table and a handsome cabinet filled
with Ivory trinkets and /little odds and
ends are aniple, with, of course, -the
exception of;,a fsw^water. colors, end
rather smajjl.ones at that,' ahdjlo and
behold if his Majesty Louis the Fif
teenth should happen in he couldn't
find a single thing to criticize ormake
unkind remarks about.
But If you can afford such a reception
room for the convenience of your ac
quaintance you certainly can afford a
living rpom for the pleasure of your
friends and family and its main re
quisite Is that It be pleasantly spacious.
No style better lends Itself to this
purpose than the colonial, for its very
simplicity inevitably results in com
fort and ease. Sflfect a color that you
•will-' not- tire of too quickly and one
that will not fight with everything, for
If you possess the spirit of a collector
you will be forever picking up bar
gains and this is the room of rooms to
put them in.
' Green and mahogany are always de-~
Iightful. For instance, cover the walls
' with a two-toned green jute tapestry
and the floor with a plain green, filling
with two or three Oriental rugs here
and there where the greatest wear and
tear. is certain to be. Place a great
table in the very center of the room
and. then hunt until you find a lamp
that" Is both useful and ornamental.
Don't; try to keep it spick and span, for
the more magazines and books care
lessly!'strewed about tne better. In
one corner; there should be a spacious ¦
bookcaseT* rather low and long, and
near ; lt a leather Davenport that sug
gests" cozy . hours In good book com
'panyViEyery chair should be well tried,
But be warned before you leap. A
house furnished In such a dslljhtfal
fashion Is not for those of us that suf
fer from damask tastes and calico In
comes: yet. on the other hand, be con
soled, for It does not cost a fortune.
And. after all, remember— and remem
ber it well— that taste more than money
regulates the beauty of a home, and
go and act accordingly.
There Is such an Immense variety of
pretty wall papers that your only trou
ble probably will be In discovering
which you like the best. Instead of the
regulation paper get a Franca taffeta
cretonne In a dainty blue and white
striped effect, and then bh th* same
pattern for the curtain drape* and tha
portieres, for you know you can par
chase wall paper these days with the
draperies to match, and right swell
they are, too. Never dream of putting
a dark carpet In a bedroom. It Isn't
cheerful enough. Instead select a light
blue and white, that perhaps Introduces
a slight shade of rose, and t^tty of
course, but one kind of wood remains
that could be suitably used, and that
is blrdseye maple.
No matter what else you dispense
with, there Is no getting away from a
bedroom, for nothing short of a good,
comfortable bed should be tolerated for
a single Instant.
find anything: that Is more beautiful or
more appropriate. It has but one draw
back other than Its price, and most
good housewives should be quite ready
to overlook It. The massive sideboard,
the cut class cabinet and the great
round table are Just the very finest
kind of dust catchers, but while the
chairs are on the sains order th«y are
not nearly as bad In this respect, as
they are covered with Spanish leather.
To even look at such a dining-room Is
almost enough to make one's mouth
water, and when a well-cooked, well
served dinner Is added life has little
more to offer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
"He wui get well, madam." replied
the surgeon, "but I can't say ho Is out
of danger. He will probably do the
same thing again the first cnance oo
has."— Chicago Tribune.
THE FURNISHING
OF A HOME
By Colin G. Colins
10case they will feel n«!te at home, for
the "New Jerusalem" with World's
Fair crowds In attendance will be
very much like the old Jerusalem at
Eastertide, when thousands of pil
grims throng its narrow streets.
These streets themselves are calcu
lated to astonish the Occidental pll
frrlm. Hardly any of them exceed ten
feet In width, and some are much nar
rower. In the center Is & ditch or trench
for the passage of beasts of burden. As
the trenches are wide enough for only
one beast at a time it is quite probable
that here, as In the real city m Pales
tine, there will be various fierce rival
ries for the right of way between the
owners or renters of camels and don
keys. .
Fifty camels from Jerusalem will be
brought to the new city. A considerable
number of donkeys— the real Jerusalem
sort— will belong to the necessary fur
nishings of the city. These animals
will provide a source of amusement to
the visitors and profit to the conces
sionaires. The pilgrim to Jerusalem,
tiring of walking through the narrow
streets, may hire a donkey or a humpy
camel and ride triumphantly between
the rows of houses, his legs almost
touching the walls on each side at some
particularly narrow points along the
way.
Across the moat that bounds the cit
adel Market square Is being laid out.
This is a wide space leading off from
the Street of David. Here the Inhabit
ants of the "New Jerusalem" will buy
and sell goods necessary for culinary
uses. The plcturesqueness of the mar
ket place need not be pointed oat.
In the Mohammedan quarter of the
city a big Arabian cafe will be located,
where the hungry pllgrrtnis may dine la
tree Oriental style.
Across from market square Is a row
of buildings Biore modern In pattern
than most of the structures in the city.
These are the Austrian postofflce, the
United States consulate and Cook's
tourist office. On the other side of the
square the outer gate of the citadel ad
mits to a bridge spanning the moat.
Climbing the Inner terrace one enters
the citadel through a wide passage be
tween the Tower of David and th»
Tower of HIppicus.
egy and bribery, and even then at great
risk, could any person other than a
Mohammedan enter.
It Is this sacred 'Inclosure, with Its
grand mosque and other Interesting
structures, that Is being reproduced at
St. Louis. During the exposition the
temple area will be given over to the
Mohammedans, the general visitor of
course being admitted. Here the fol
lowers of Mohammed from Jerusalem
will carry on their forms of worship.
Among the wonderful things to be
shown in this transplanted temple area
are the tomb of David, the great King
of Judea, and the throne of King Solo-'
mon, his son and the builder of the
temple.
The mosque Is octagonal in form,
each side measuring 67 feet. Various
colored marbles form the lower portion
of the wall, arranged in intricate and
beautiful patterns. Fifty-six pointed
windows of magnificent stained glass
pierce the upper portion. The great
dome is covered with lead, surmounted
by a tall gilt crescent. Underneath the
dome is a remarkable limestone rock of
irregular shape, which is believed to
be the natural surface of the ,rock of
Mount Morlah, upon which the Im
mense platform supporting the mosque
and the. temple area is built. An Iron
railing surrounds this, sacred stone, to
protect it from the touch of pilgrims.
At' one corner of the rock Is an exca
vated chamber, which, according to Mo
hammedan tradition, was successively
the praying place of Abraham, David,
Solomon and Jesus. ; .¦ •
In the" "New Jerusalem" at St.* Louis
the Golden Gate will be restored. This
famous gateway, the exact location' of
which has been' lost for ages, was used
in Solomon's time .and for centuries
thereafter as an entrance to the temple
area from outside the city. The Golden
the temple area and called the Haram
es-Sherlf by the Mohammedans, has
been holy ground for nearly four thou
sand years. Temple after temple has
been bullded upon it, to rail before suc
cessive invaders— Assyrian, Roman,
Mohammedan. Within this area have
worshiped the followers of the God of
Abraham, the believers in Jesus of
Nazareth and the zealous and fanatic
adherents of Mohammed. Even, a pagan
temple, built by Hadrian, has occupied
the site of Solomon's magnificent tem
ple. At times, for generations, the area
has been but a tumble of ruins, yet It
has not i ceased for a moment to be
venerated as a holy place by the fol
lowers of some great religious prophet.
Around the walls razed and rebuilt
from time to time the great religions
of the world have surged and struggled
for possession of the area. These walls
have been drenched with blood and the
maimed bodies of defender and ag
gressor have strewn the area. Even
the Saracenic mosque now standing has
changed masters repeatedly, being
taken by the Crusaders under Godfrey
of Bouillon In the year 1099. Then the
cross took the place of the crescent,
until the expulsion of the Christians by
Saladin, when once more the Moslem
symbol was planted.. * .
' Now the Mohammedans hold the area
and ' worship within the mosque built
by the, great Omar, ; or at ; the prayer
places here and there within the sacred
inclosure. It was; not '1' until ''recent
years that Jew or Christian . per
mitted to enter this ' Inclosure .except
on peril of death, so zealous were Its
Moslem keepers i lest the , sacred space
be .profaned by those ¦who,' from .their
'standpoint, 'are unbelievers.;: Strenuous
efforts were made - for many years \ to
obtain photographs or. drawings of the
Interior of the mosque. Only by strat-
Gate wiil form the mid-northern en
trance to Jerusalem.
St. Stephen's Gate is at the north
west corner of the wall. It was near
this entrance to the Holy City where
the stoning of Stephen took place.
The gate leads Into the Via Dolorosa,
mentioned before. It leads also to the
inner gate of St. Stephen's, through
which, at the exposition, the visitor
will pass into a hall in which a dio
rama of the Mount of Olives will
show memorable scenes in the life
of Christ, the Garden of Gethsemane
and other localities of sacred interest
being shown.
In the several acres of land lying
between the Church of the Holy
Sepulcher and the temple area there Is
rapidly building . a great array of
smaller houses, exact copies of the
buildings that' occupy the corespond-
Ing streets in -Jerusalem. When com
pleted about three hundred of these
houses will appear, more than a
dozen streets being completely repro
duced. Among these thoroughfares
are the Moorish street. Chemists*
street. Coppersmiths* street. Silver
smiths' ' street, Jewish street and
others.' The name of each thorough
fare affords an idea as to its charac
ter. In Jerusalem the workers In one
occupation pre-empt a whole street—
that is to say, all the coppersmiths
have their shops on one street, all the
chemists on another, and so on.
In these streets, whjch are very
narrow, .the IWorld's Fair visitor will
find native artisans and tradesmen of
Jerusalem plying their vocations. The
silversmith will live above his shop.
Just as he does at home. It is. not at
all unlikely that some of the natives
who come to, St. Louis, will be '•¦ privi
leged to occupy the very house • that
corresponds to their own, and in that
Within this citadel Herod erected hi*
palace, building noble towers at three
of the corners to serve for defense and
ornamentation. Josephus, the great
historian of antiquity, says that these*
towers excited the admiration of Titus,
the conqueror, after the destruction of
the rest of the city, and were left
standing, partly as memc rials of his
conquest and partly as shelter and pro.
tection to the camp or garrison which,
he left behind upon his departure.
Herod named these towers after hl3
wife, whom he had put to death be
cause of his Jealousy; his brother.
Phasaelus, and his friend, HIppicus.
The Tower of HIppicus still stands.
The towers named for Phasaelus and
for Mariamne, the dead Queen, have
perished, though newer structures have
arisen In their stead. One of these,
called the Tower of David, is being re
produced opposite the Tower of Hippl
cus, and near the Jaffa gate also arises.
In stone-like staff, the Tower of Pha
saelus'.
At the remaining corner of th» cita
del is the Jewish Synagogue, In which
the Hebrew natives from the Holy City
will worship during their sojourn at
the World's Fair. Not far away,
across a garden, is one of the most cu
riously interesting features of the en
tire reproduction. This Is the Jews*
wailing wall. Here the Jews are wont
to gather, against a wall which sepa
rates them from the temple area, and
pray for the restoration of the sacred
inclosure. Until comparatively recent
years the Mohammedans refused to
permit the Jews to approach even this
near to the sacred Inclosure, but after
much persuason It was permitted tho
descendants of the builder of the tem
ple to approach this wall and wail out
their, sorrow because of the loss of the
sacred soil of Zlon. and pray for Its
restoration to toe Jews.
The large court In front of the church
its pavement worn by the feet of In
numerable pilgrims, is to be reproduced
accurately. Beneath the central dome
of the church, which was rebuilt by
the Greeks after having been destroyed
by fire, is the sepulcher within a white
marble edifice. This is divided into two
small edifices, in the first of which Is
found the stone where the angels were
seated when they repjied to the holy
women, "He is not here, but is risen "
The second sanctuary incloses the sep
ulcher. Lig-hts from lamps of gold and
silver are always burning In this chapel
and the air is redolent with burning
perfumes.
At Oberammergau there is an annual
production of the Passion play, which
has attracted world-wide attention
There the living. Christ is Impersonated
by an actor. Here at St; Louis will
be shown in reproduced outward as
pect what many persons believe to be
the sepulcher of the Savior. For long
ages devout men and women have
made pilgrimages to that spot from
many carts of the world.
But there Is now building within this
world's fair tract a structure which is
a more prominent architectural feature
In Jerusalem than the Church of the
Holy Sepulcher. The Mosque of Omar
Is being reproduced in staff/resting
upon Its mighty platform, with Its won
derful dome towering high above the
city. The site of the Holy Sepulcher
Is disputed, but no one questions that
the ground upon which stands the
Mosque of Omar is the Identical site of
Solomon's temple and the temple of.
Herod the Great, from which Christ
scourged the money changers.-
This considerable ; tract cf land in
Jerusalem, known to Christendom as
but certain features of the medieval
architecture remain, and these are be
ing reproduced In connection with the
.replica of this venerable church at St.
Louis.
which stands the Church of the Holy
Sepulcher, with the holy sepulcher it
self reproduced in proper position at
the east end. This Church of the Holy
Sepulcher has been for centuries the
subject of controversy among schol
ars and ecclesiasts. Traditionally, it
is built upon the site of the crucifixion.
The original Church of the Holy Sepul
cher was erected upon the present site
by ,the Emperor Constantine. The
church was destroyed and rebuilt re
peatedly, in the centuries of flerc*
struggle for possession of the Holy
City between Christian and Moslem.
When the. Crusaders took Jerusalem
they enlarged the extent of the church
considerably. The present building was
erected early In the nineteenth century.
Here the Mohammedan will find hia
sacred mosque, the Jew his synagogue,
the Christian his church or chapel.
Here each will walk about familiar
streets, dwell In houses identical In
pattern with those in which they dwell
at home, and engage in the same trades
or other occupations that engage their
time and talents in the Holy City.
In short, seven months of next year
Jerusalem, St Louis, U. S. A., will
be peopled by natives of Jerusalem, the
Holy City. Arrangements are being
made v.hereby about one thousand In
habitants of Jerusalem will be brought
to St. Louis to take up their residence
during the seven months of the expo
sition ir.slde this 11-acre walled city.
Amor.; these people will be Mohamme
dans, Jews and Christians, each wor
shiping after his own fashion and liv
1ns his own life here In the reproduced
city, just as he lives and worships at
home.
fy T. LOUIS, Jan. 6.— If any Ameri-
Oy can child had desired to spend
YJ Christmas in Jerusalem, the
Holy City, it would not have
been necessary for him to cross the seas
and travel alar in alien lands. He could
have ccme to St. Louis, where on a
tract of land included in the World's
Fair grounds Jerusalem is being built.
True, it Is not the actual Jerusalem of
Bible times, but It Is a reproduction,
xsarvelously accurate, cf the Jerusalem
that stands to-day u^on the site In
Palestine which for thirty-eight centu
ries has been holy ground — revered
alike by Jew. Christian and Moslem.
Many remarkable things are being
prepared for the World's Fair, but none
that surpasses this in any of the essen
tial elements of human interest. Here
and there throughout the grounds are
reproductions of celebrated buildings,
each as have been seen before at other
expositions, though not in such number
and excellence cf selection: but here,
for the first time in the world, a city Is
being reproduced, and that city the one
of all the world most intensely inter
esting to the people of Christendom.
This is not a panorama, or cyclo
rama, it may be proper to point out to
those who are incredulous; it Is an
actual city, which is being built out
doors of wood and etan*; and it is no
toy city, but is of actual size so far as
the area that is being rebuilt goes.
This reproduction of Jerusalem oc
cupies over eleven acres of land. It in
cludes practically all the features of
the Holy City which are of deeply in
timate Interest to the Bible student
and to any person to whom the won
derful story of Jesus of Nazareth, or
the narratives of the Old Testament,
are of interest. When the World's Fair
opens, nothing will be lacking In "The
New Jerusalem," as this reproduction
Is called, to show life in the modem
city of th« great King as It really is—
with Moslem and Jew and Christian
dwelling in separate quarters or ming
ling together in the curious and quaint
marts of trade.
BT ROBERTUS LOVE.
One of the points of interest on the
right-hand side of the Street of David
is the wheat market, with dirt floor,
in which Jew and Gentile strive for
commercial . mastery. It is vastly less
magnificent than the Stock Exchange
in New York, but as a place of busi
ness activity in this sacred city it has
its unfailing Interest. *, c, - ¦•
Passing throueh Christian street to
the south, the World's Fair. pilgrim^ or
crusader may enter an open space In
Entering. at the Jaffa gate the pil
grim finds himself inside the walled
city of Jerusalem. Before him stretches
the Street of David, the widest thor
oughfare In the city. On the left Bide
is the moat guarding the citadel, and
on the right a line of quaint houses,
while farther along on that 3lde ap
pear two modern hotels, which are re
produced Just as they stand In the Holy
City. These hostelrles, the Grand New-
Hotel and the' Central Hotel, are al
ready built, and will accommodate dur
ing the exposition the numerous per
sons connected with the management
of the "New Jerusalem." The Street
of David runs on to the west gate,
crossing the Via Dolorosa, along which
thoroughfare, according to tradition,
Jesua bore his cross on the way to the
crucifixion on Calvary. Here will be
shown the Bcce Homo arch, upon
which Pontius Pilate stood' when he
cried to the populace. "Behold the
man!"
this eleven-acre tract, densely built
over with houses, will be Jerusalem
transplanted for the time in the New
World, and as such cannct fail to at
tract the attention of millions of per
sons who are unable to visit the ac
tual city In Palestine. Any boy or girl
who is reasonably familiar with mod
ern Jerusalem, through pictures or
books, would find much to suggest the
Holy City in the reproduction now
building here, should a visit be paid
to the site. First to attract the at
tention would be the outer wall of
the city. The entire tract is being in
closed In a wall of the dimensions of
the actual wall of Jerusalem. Wood
and staff, instead of stone, are used in
the construction, but so cleverly is
the staff molded and colored that it
closely resembles the real stono
"round about" Jerusalem. The arch
itect visited Jerusalem personally and
studied with minute care the con
struction of the walls, towers and in
terior dwellings and other edifices
which they v.-ere to reproduce at St.
Louis, so that in all essential respects
the "New Jerusalem" will be identi
cal in appearance with ita original.
Travelers now may go from Jaffa
to Jerusalem by railroad. Thousands
of pilgrims, however, annually ap
proach the Holy City by the ancient
highway, on the backs of camels or
donkeys or trudging along on foot.
For the sake of comparison we may
let the Palace of Fine Arts stand for
Jaffa, and the pilgrim of 1904 may
start from this superb edifice, filled
with ancient and modern .works of
art, and reach within two minute3 the
Jaffa gate in the wall of Jerusalem,
which is the main entrance and is lo
cated down the western slope of Art
HilL
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
JERUSALEM REPRODUCED
AT THE
WORLD'S FAIR
11Keep Touch With Your Friends.
On the other hand. If a man has a
good wife he has the best friend it is
possible to have. "A man's best friend,"
says Bulwer Lytton, "Is a wife of good
sense and good heart, -whom he loves
and who loves him. In woman there
is at once a subtle delicacy of tact and
a»plaln soundness of Judgment which
are rarely combined to an equal de
gree in a man.' A woman, If she be
really your friend, will have a sensitive
regard for your character, honor, re
pute. She will seldom counsel you to
do a shabby thing, for a woman always
desires to be proud of you. At the
same time her constitutional timidity
makes her more cautious than your
male friend. She, therefore,, seldom
counsels you to do an imprudent deed."
A wife best shows her .. friendliness
by clipping - from her husband's
moral nature little twigs that 'are growi
ing in the wrong direction. If. he. say
anything silly . she will , affectionately
tell him so. If he declares that he will
"candid friends," as they called them
selxes. but as they were without sym
pathy and cared more to inflict pain
than to morally improve us, their fault
finding did no good. An old man once
quaintly remarked that though his ac
quaintances would fill a church, his
real friends could be packed in a pul
pit Too many so-called friends are
like the London omnibuses, hailing us
in fine weather, and shunning us in
wet When, however, we have got a
friend who Is always the same, who
knows the best and the worst of us,
and who lores us in spite of our faults
—then we have a fortune indeed.
- In one respect friendship is above
blood-relationship. I cannot -help hav
ing relations, but I choose my friends.
If my chosen friend is great, I am
great; for to make a friend of one
truly great we must be able to appre
ciate greatness. Nothing dignifies and
soothes the ordinary affairs of life so
much as friendship. When It exists be
tween mistress and maid the servant
difficulty disappears. If a parent and
child are not ;riends, the parent is a
despot and the child a slave. What
can we call married life without a
friendship, but joint-stock housekeep
ing or worse? Passion is not. love; and
when the respect which is implied in
friendship ceases, Indifference, eon
tempt and quarreling begin.
Make a Friend of Yonr Wife.
your nose at so recklessly."
Mr. Larkins finally grew decidedly
discontented and a little puzzled.
"I don't understand you, ma'am," he
admitted, in one of his mental apos
trophes to the widow. "I have so far
modified my, views as to give you every
opportunity to signify your wish to be
come airs. Larkins, and yet you're as
cool and calm as a bale of snow. I'm
not used to it, ma'am, and I won't
stand it. I'll give you three weeks more
to get interested in me, and then I'll
take and propose to you— that's about
what I'll do."
When the allotted three weeks of
grace had expired Mr. Larkins, in des
peration, executed his threat and re
ceived a plump "No!" — the result of
Miss Podderly's championship and a
streak of contrariness in .the widow's
disposition.
He accepted the sentence with visi
ble disappointment, but bore it with
manly fortitude.
"I'm sorry, ma'am," he said, frankly,
"tearing sorry. I've taken more of a
shine to you, somehow, than I ever did
to any one, and I'd be good to you,
you can bank on that. But If you can't
like me you can't. There now, ma'am,
don't go and cry — don't I wouldn't
hurt your feelings for forty farms," for
the widow's "heart all at once had
smitten her sharply, and some subtle
pathos in Mr. Larkins' simple accept
ance of defeat caused her eyes to brim
with misty tears.
"I'm so-oo-o sorry," she faltered,
blushing and sobbing, "I "
"Don't mention it," Implored Mr.
Larkins, "don't you be miserable or
blue about it. But if you should — kind
of change your mind, you know, ma'am,
Just let me know; won't you?"
Mr. Larkins dove headlong into his
garden patch and hoed vigorously to
distract his thoughts, and the widow
sat down on the edge of her porch and
swung her neat little foot dejectedly.
"I do believe I'm half-witted." said
she under "her breath. "I dare Bay I've
lost as good a man as I'll ever meet,
and all because Henrietta Podderly told
me to run after him. I needn't have
run after him. but I could have thrown
him away, and I ain't half as smart as
I thought I was. I'm lonely and mis
erable, woo— oo— oo." Mrs. Bittersweet
ran Into" her eittlng-room and cried as
heartily as Mr. Larkins hoed.
After that she smiled suanily when
ever she met him. He smiled genially.
Th^. widow daintily became more lone
some and more convinced that she had
discarded a congenial spirit
"He won't propose. again In a hun
dred years," shs bemoaned herself,
"aild.no wonder he don't want to risk
another snub. He did tell me to let
him know If I changed my mind: I hate
"Took about as much notice of me as
she would of a brindle dog," he com
plained to himself; "in fact, not as
much. She pets up all the old stray
dogs and gives 'em bones. What's the
matter with me. I'd like to know?"
He looked anxiously Into the mirror
as he brushed his hair. He saw therein
a good looking and fairly good natured
face, the chief defect of which was an
expression tending toward self-conceit
"Now, ma'am," he observed decisive
ly, addressing the absent widow,
"you've got to see me and : appreciate
me: then If you choose to take advan
tage of leap year privileges, I don't
really know as I'll run away."
' Meantime Mrs. Bittersweet's atten
tion . had j been directed to. Mr. Larkins
by her friend, Miss Podderly.
"He's the smartest man In Blbbvtlle."
said she, ."and got - everything , in his
house a woman's heart could wish,
from gas ranges to teaspoons, not to
mention scuds of blue i and white ware
saucepans. But seems like he's afraid
some woman'!! marry him In* spite of
himself.'. I. guess he's too bashful to ask
any one. But I believe in! my heart you
could' overcome ; the difficulty, Polly, if
you'd set your cap good and strong."
-: "Set - a ; fiddlestick." retorted Polly
Bittersweet," scornfully. "I'll" never set
my cap for any man." •
'rwell."- said -Miss Podderly, '?Iwlsh
I had : the opportunities you turn up
PEPPERS and pumpkins! A wid
ow moved in right next door, and
this leap year."
Mr. Alonzo Larkins stared ap
iuchensively out of his window,
as% - if he expected to see his
newly arrived neighbor flitting up his
porch steps in search of him >wlth a
lasso. Instead he really did Bee a small,
-'inoffensive looking woman walking se
renely from her doorway toward her
own front lawn, bearing a pot of pan
sles and a trowel.
•'Oh, of course," he continued caus
tically, "wants to make a good impres
sion first before- she lets out at me.
Well, ma'am, my- heart Is tough. But
you are a neat little bundle," he added
with a slight change of tone; "trim as
a sassafras whistle. That's right — let
that ruflitd up pink contraption slide
oil' your head. Gum, what shiny brown
hair! And look at the little curl bob
bing over her off ear!" • v
Little Mrs. 'Bittersweet did not seem
at all troubled by the orb Mr. Larkins
deemed it expedient to keep focused
upon her. .She trotted around about
her. own business, paying little heed to
the doings of her bachelor .neighbor.
The first time she met him plump and
square she gave him a sweet, indiffer
ent little neighborly "Good morning,"
which somehow excited his discontent
and Ire.
When Kingsley attributed his success
as a writer and a clergyman to the fact
that he had a friend he was probably
thinking of his wife. Indeed he used
often to say that but for her sympathy
and influence he never would have be
come a writer. He met the girl. who
was to be his wife when he was only
20 years cf age. He was at the time
full of doubts about religion and his
face, with Its unsatisfied, hungering
look, bore witness to the state of his
mind. He told her of his doubts and
she told him her faith, and the former
was dispelled by the latter. Writing
to. Mrs. Kingsley- from the seaside,
where he had gone in search of health,
he said: "This place Is perfect: but It
seems a dream 'and Imperfect 'without
you. Absence quickens love Into con
sciousness. I never before felt the lone
liness of being without the beloved be
ing whose every look and word and mo
tion are the keynotes of my life."
Not a few great men have confessed
that they were marriage- made to a
very considerable extent. "It is often
the cas'e when you see a great man,
like ,a ship, sailing proudly along the
current of renown, that there Is a little
tug — his wife — whom you cannot see.
but who is dlre'cting hig movements and
supplying the motive power." Could
any one have had a better friend than
Sir James Macintosh had in his wife?
He says that by tender management of
his weaknesses she gradually corrected
the most pernicious of them.
When a man is unpopular, and the
world frowns -upon him, then the
friendship of a good wife is as faith
ful as it is valuable. Lady Rachel
Russell sat beside her husband day aft
er day during his public trial, taking
notes and doing everything to help him.
When Baxter was confined In Clerken
well Jail for holding a conventicle he
said of his wife: "She was never so
cheerful a companion to me as In pris
on, . and was very much against me
seeking to be released."
do something absurd, she will find
means to prevent him doing so. If Dr.
Johnson's wife had lived th^re would
have been r.o hoarding up of orange
peel, r.o touching all the pO3ts in walk
ing along the streets, no eating and
drinking with disgusting voracity. If
Goldsmith had been married he would
never have worn that ridiculous and
memorable coat.
A wife's a man'* best piece, who, till h«
marries.
Wants makir.K up.
Wives of Great .Men.
a a * HAD a friend." This was the
I answer which was given by
J[ Charles Klngsley when asked to
explain his success In life, and
truly his experience Is much commoner
In this respect than cynics would ad
mit
A good friend brings out our beet and
makes us do what we can. He does not
lead us into temptation, but tries to
guard us from it He is never iealous,
but is ever ready to rejoice in our
prosperity and condole with our sor
rows. Nor is he afraid to pull us up
when we are going wrong. He has
courage to act as did the Duke of Wel
lington in the following anecdote:
When Sir Charles Napier was brooding
over ill-treatment, which he thought
he had received from the Lords of the
Indian House, he- called upon the Duke
of Wellington. He spoke of his griev
ances and said that he had been writ
ing a letter to the directors. "Got the
letter?" asked the Duke, and held out
his band for it "Here It Is." Welling
ton took it and read It through. "Got
a copy?" "No." "Sure you haven't
got a copy?" "That is the only copy."
"Foolish letter— very foolish letter,"
and the document fell from the Duke's
hand into the fire. /
History of Paley's Christianity.
When the celebrated theological
writer. Archdeacon Paley, was an un
dergraduate at Oxford, he associated
v.1th a fast set and wasted his time.
One night after a "wine" the wildest
cf these companions came to his bed-
Bide and said, ."Paley. I have been
thinking that you are wasting your
opportunities by your idleness. We
have rot brains, and could not do much
even if we worked, but It is different
vrith you. and If you do not work I
xrxuKt give up your society." Such words
corcir.g from such a eource made Paley
think. He lay awake all night arrang
ing hoars and plans for work, and from
that night was an altered man. He
may be eald to have written hie "Evi
dences cf Christianity" and bis other
work* because he had a friend who was
less afraid of giving offense than of
allowing: him to throw himself away.
It is of course very difficult, how
ever, to get a friend who is as faithful
as this. We may have suffered from
(All RlrhU Reserved.)
to, like fun, but"—
One golden afternoon when both were
sitting, In an unusually pensive mood,
upon Mrs. Bittersweet's porch, the wid
ow's heart suddenly prompted her to a
little prospecting.
"Mr. Larkins," she said, softly. "do
you ever change your mind?"
"No," returned Mr. Larkins pluxapJy,
"not without solid reason."
"We-ell," she continued, T»"ldf"r her
breath at her own boldness, "would you
still like me to— «r— «r — be— be" —
Her meaning rushed through Mr.
Larkins like a streak of electricity. He
sprang out of his lolling attitude at a
bounce.
"Polly, If you're asking me If Yd
like you to be my wife, I say ye»— ye«—
yes. I didn't dare to ask you again,
but you've a perfect right to ask me.
even if I hadn't told you to. for it's
leap — why, Polly love, what's the mat
ter? You're as pale as ashes. What la
It. darling?"
"Why, I've actually as good as asked
you to marry me." gasped Polly, "Just
what I've always declared I'd die rather
than do! Oh. well." as Alonzo's arm
stole protectlngly around her waist, "I
guess I was excusable this time. But.
Alonzo. listen. Don't you ever, the
longest day you live, let Henrietta Pod
derly know I did it— will you?"
"Never," vowed Alonzo, kissing her.
T By H. W. Durbin. T
By Rev. E.J. Hardy
MRS. BITTERSWEET'S PROPOSAL.
How miserable it must be for hus
band and wife, as they si^ opposite to
each other, day by day, not to be able
to say, "I have a friend" in him or h$r.
Perhaps they are not upon . speaking
terms, in which case the tete-a-tete
meals which . they take together must
be sad and awkward indeed. Often,
too, painfully ludicrous consequences
result when the master and mistress of
a house are not friends. Reynolds In
his "Life and Times" tells of a free
and-easy actor who passed three fes
tive days at the seat of the Marquis
and Marchioness of without any
invitation, convinced (as proved to be
the case) that, my lord and lady not
being on speaking terms, each would
suppose that the other had asked him.
"According to Milton, Eve kept silent
in Eden to hear, her husband talk,"
said, a gentleman to a lady friend, and
then added, in a melancholy tone,
"Alas, there have been no Eves, since."
"Because," retorted the lady, "there
have been no husbands worth listening
to." Certainly there are too few men
who exert themselves to be as agreeable
to their wives (their, best friends) as
they are' to the comparative strangers or
secret ; enemies J whom -. they meet at
clubs and other places of resort It is a
great thing for husband and wife to be
able* to .'say, after years of married life
that each: has in;the other a true friend.
This : was the : happiness of James" Nas
myth, the inventor .'of the steam ham
mer, anaVnls ¦; wif e. v The former said :
"Forty^twoj yeans of married life finds
us the 'same 'devoted cronies that we
were": at the beginning." ' This was bet
ter, than ,the mere, gunpowder passion
that barely survives the honeymoon, i
The experience which Klngaley had
of the value of true friendship made
him the more able and willing to ex
ercise it himself toward others, and es
pecially toward those of his own house
hold. How blessed Is the son who can
speak of his father "as did Kingsley's
eldest eon. " 'Perfect love casteth out
fenr,' wag the > motto," he says, "on
which my father based his theory of
oringlng up children. From this and
from the Interest he took in their pur
suits, their pleasures, trials and even
the petty details of their everyday life,
there sprang up a -friendship between
father and children that increased in
intensity and depth with years. To
speak for myself, he was the best
friend— the only true friend I ever had.
At once he was the most fatherly and,
the most unfatherly of fathers—father
ly in that he was our most intimate
friend, and our self-constituted advis
er; unfatherly in that our feeling for
him lacked that fear and restraint that
make boys call their father 'the gov
ernor.' " • - . '¦ .
GREAT MARRIAGE-MADE MEN.
•with common-sense poots ana lead
him about by the hand instead of pull
ing him around by the hair. She gets
everything she wants in this world,
from the time she begins wheedling
sugar plums out of her nurse up to
the time that she succeeds in coaxing
a sealskin Jacket out of her husband.
But she is a comfortable, practical
sort of little person, a good manager
of household finances and at all times
clever and sane. If you don't mind
being bamboozled, she is about the
most interesting type of wife you can
find.
There is one type of woman who goes
through the world successfully solely
on the strength of her profile. She is
the woman with the so-called Grecian
nose. Usually she is large and ox
eyed, stupid and statuesque, but so im
posing in appearance that she manages
to hold an important position wherever
6hR goes, without doing tr»e least thins
to merit it. She is made president o?
her club simply because she looks im
pressive in the chair of honor. Her ¦
husband adores her and treats her with
a deference that is due — her Grecian
nose. But the man who marries the
woman with the Greek profile has to
work for his honors. She requires a
handsome setting and invariably being
ceased to struggle. If you want a
pretty picture warranted to wear well
and to adorn your drawing-room, a
wife v.ho will always be a credit to you
and ma.ke your neighbors' wives ap
pear insignificant, marry the girl with
ths Grecian profile.
The girl with the irregular nose Is in
a class all by herself. She is a fas
cinating creature, full of possibilities.
She was never born to be married, and
vet she possesses most of the charming
attributes that a man demands In a
wife. Stupid she is never, she is seldom
bad-tempered, clever she Is always and
she is -never carried away by personal
vanity. But she is the possessor of that
The girl with the piquant profile, the
little retrousse noee that looks so cun
ning ami tractable, is perhaps the
greatest* surprise in the matrimonial
lottery. She Is so dainty and doll-like
that the great big fellow who fancies
The siil with the broad, flat nose, on
the other hand, with the profile that
is not a profile, but a i-mudge. is an
ideal clinging vine. Hers is the d!s
poEiticn that you can walk all over
vith your muddy boots and still find
ev.eet and sunny. Hers is the heart
that will beat true time, no natter
v. bat tune you may play upon It. From
the time when she shcire* all her pickles
and candy with the other girls at school
to the time when she gtrs up on cold
winter mornings to make the fire fcr
her husband, the girl with the broad
rose is used to obliterating herself as
her profile is obliterated. See is as
broad mir.ded as ehe is Jbroad nosed.
Ehe will burner all a tz&n's little faults
and weaknesses, will hand him his pipe
Tvith a smile and Invite him to smoke
all over the house, play poker with him
in the evenings Instead of reading him
a Tecture on the curse of cards and sit
up until 2 o'clock in the morning to
make him a cup of coffee when he
cornea In rather the worse for wear.
{"T^lIE averae? bachelor does not
j appreciate how much of his fu-.
i lure happiness depends on the
•* turn or the curve of one small
fcn-.inir.e rose. In fact, a girl's nose is
the laet item he considers, vhen sum
ming lip her wifely possibilities. With
a deet> faiih in the smile of her lips
and the flash of her eyes and a casual
S'ance at the possibilities of her figure
(judged mainly by a careful study of
the ample rotundity or pronounced in
sufficiency of her mother's matronly
curves'), he takes the plunge from the
cozy corrfort cf his bachelor flat into
the ni.ielftrom of matrimony — from the
quiet waters cf indoenden-.e and a
latch-! f .ey into the doubtful whirl of
home eo&kins and on?-third of his own
chiffonier.
Mea:iv.hi!e a single glance at the
bridge of a dainty aquiline or the tip
<>f a tiny pun nose might have warned
him agraiust a lifetime of domestic
f«j;u»!>b>s. Adclina may hav«» the eyes
of a saint and the voice of a siren,
but if the 5s a girl with the narrow
nose that shows a long curve from
base to tip. beware of her. V'hen you
and ehe are made one, SHE will b?
the ONE. At nineteen, the curve on
the bridge of her nose may be ever
so slight; there may be no suggestion
of a hump in the center of the deli
cate feature; the pointed tip may be
6oftened into the lir.es of youth. But
at twenty-nine the rtorms cf matri
mony, the arguments with tht* butcher,
and the worries over the grocer's bill
will have worn that tip to a sharpness
you could not have dreamed of; the
hump will have become a stern reality;
aad you will have discovered what it
is to pay the rent of a house and yet
have no rights in it. Wher3ver she is.
the girl with the curving nose must be
the rnanagerers. If you are a veak and
tender creature in need of a backbone,
she is just what you want; but if you
desire a tender, clinging little vine, who
•will stand by while you steer the mat
rimonial ship, do not choose the girl
with the curving nose. She not only
must, but she will have her hand on
the rudder.
he is getting a bit of Dresden for his
breakfast table is astounded when.
after sit months of matrimony, he
finds himself being led around like a
lamb with a rope about its neck.. Her
rule is all the more absolute because
it is subtle and the man in the case
never fully realizes that he Is being
"bossed." She walks over her hus
band with French heels Instead of
The girl with the aquiline nose looks
best when she Is meekest: that Is. when
her chin Is held slightly downward and
In close to the throat. The sneering,
disdainful expression so unconsciously
assumed by most aquiline nosed women
Is thus avoided. The length of the
nose Is not accentuated and It Is given
an appearance of breadth.
The girl with the retrousse nose, on
the other hand, cannot tilt her chin
upwai£ too much. She need3 dignity;
to carry her chin down and in gives
her a stupid, weak expression. Her
natural pose is the saucy pose of
piquancy. The tilt to her insignificant
nose is Its only excuse for being. Like
wise the girl with the broad. Cat nose
must carry her head high and at an
angle of forty-five degrees. The flat
test nose will attain some semblance
of beauty if it Is properly held. Even
a broken nose is respected. If the own
er know how to carry it Jauntily. There
Is no limit to the improvement a woman
may produce in her appearance. If she
will carefully study her profile. What
women need to do is to use the cream
Jar leas and the handglass more, to
stop studying home-made recipes for
complexion washes and begin studying
the effect of their noses from the most
popular point of view— the point of
view of every man or woman who alts
beside them In a street car or passes
them in a morning's walk.
: strange and unaccountable thing—tem
perament. Three-fourths of the clever
actresses have Irregular noses. Temper
ament and intellect somehow mar the
regularity of a woman's face. Deep
emotion and thought cut Into it; but
they cut gracefully and give it! a beauty
that Is illusive and will never pall. The
woman with the irregular nose, unlike
any of her sisters, possesses a sense of
humor. But she Is as unreliable as the
winds. To-day she Is in love with a
man and to-morrow with a book or a
picture or a profession; to-day she is
satisfied to sit at home by the domestic
fireside, and to-morrow* she is off for
Japan or Australia. She' is the kind of
woman who keeps a man's nerves in a
constant state cf tension and his heart
fluctuating between zero and a hundred
degrees.
The average woman does not half
value her profile. She will spend hours
massaging her complexion, curling her
hair and beautifying her eyes, and then
will dismiss her nose with a dab of the
powder puff. Elizabeth of German gar
den fame once said of one of her
friends: "She has a good nose; but
she doesn't know how to carry It-**
It la not the shape of the nose but
the way a woman carries It that makes
or mars her profile. The homeliest
nose may be carried with an air that
will redeem half its sins and give It
a Gibsonesque expression. Actresses
study their noses with the utmost se
riousness and care. They know that
while one person may look them full
In the face, nine persons are getting
merely a side or three-quarters view.
It is possible to carry a perfect Ore
dan nose so badly that its grace and
attraction will be completely lost. The
woman with the Greek profile should
carry her ehln erect, but not tilted up
ward. This simple statuesque pose will
give her profile Just sufficient promi
nence. To tilt her chin either \ way
would detract from the regular carved
perfection of her features: and the
surest path to beauty lies In the ac
centuating of one's most noticeable
good points.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALT.
A man whose wife had died, being
asked how he felt replied. "It's very
peaceful but it is very dull." In the
same way, though our friends, when
with us, may often Inconvenience and
annoy us, yet when death or the
changes and chances of life remove
them, we are very dull and full of re
morse, because when it was in our
power we did not better appreciate
them. Youth 13 the time for formins
friendships, after this we only make
acquaintances. As we get on in Ufa
then we should hold hard to the friends
we have, we should keep our frtend-
Bhips In repair. The way to do this is
to go and see our friends frequently,
but not too freauently, when near
them: to write letters regularly when
at a distance, and occasionally to send
something that will let them see that
we are thinking of them. Pr^st-nts en
dear absents, and, do not forget It! If
we are not careful to keep our friend
ships in repair we may find ourselves
enteritis: upon old age without one
genuine earthly friend. How bitter
then will be the reflection. "I had a
friend or many of them, but I have
none now. nothing better than nodding
acquaintances, who wouid read the an
nouncement of my death with horrible
cheerfulness!"
without energy," she sits quietly back
and allows somebody to make It! for
her. In her quiet, cold way she Is the
personification of selfishness. Her
egotism Is S unbounded. Yet she has
her points of excellence. To the day of
her death she Is good to look upon. She
does not fade or wither like her aqui
line or pusrnosed sister; her beautiful.
Immobile face keeps Its c/mtour Ions
after her struggling husband has
CHOOSING A WIFE BY HER NOSE
12THE SAN- FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
("pc^-^.-^^i? 4 *"* N girls osculate on the street unc- f
U*3p?i?^?!*^'ll tuous^ v * t>s t * me to * ssue a search war-
J =4WVXrHfl£|v rant. There is something hidden up the
lo^S^^S) I *^ c avera B e w o man would rather be
Lflaejaiwillliintn stylish than good.
* * ¦ ¦ ?
A woman may not know what she is talking about,
but she never knows when to stop all the same.
* * *
A woman's judgment is simply a question of price,
People who love most deeply say the least about it
It's your infatuated fool who bubbles and babbles.
* ? *
Always be willing to pay dear for what you want, and
then don't squeal if you are disappointed.
-v * * * fe
When- you look at the husbands of some women it
docs not take clairvoyant powers to figure out the figure
that bound the contract.
* * *
r Some men trust to luck, others go broke.
* * *
It makes every-day white working people sick to hear
how grinding old millionaires sneer at riche's. 4
* * *
People who are placidly contented are often too lazy
to be anything else.
* * *
When a man asserts that he has no weak spots it's
because he is so weak all over that it cannot tie up to
one spot. •
A New York paper notes "Fresh Singers for the
Grand Opera." If old fat prima donnas hear themselves
called "fresh" there may be discord in the opera.
* * * .
A woman should always be generous with her smiles
and tears.
* * *
Hunger will sometimes make even a lazy man 'hustle.
*¦ * *
If the fool and his money were not easily parted some
people would never know the meaning of a real good
time.
* * *
Some people take so much pride in recounting their
troubles that they feel actually insulted if any one else
tells a sorrier tale of woe.
* * *
The devil always gets his dues even if he does not
waste any time dunning for bills.
* * *
If there were no divorce courts some people would
miss a golden opportunity to try. try again.
* *. ¦ *
The man who will kiss a woman after she has kissed
her dog "good night" needs fumigating.
* * *
Children who are too fresh often spoil before ma
turity.
* * *
The fool spends his money, the wise man hoards his,
yet it's peanuts to pineapples the fool gets more enjoy
ment out of lite.
* * *
We never realize what dirty people and what trash
gatherers we are until we start to move.
Love is a song the siren sings,
And sings it oft so well
It lures the soul to heaven above
Or hurls it down to hell.
ALEC AND
HIS COUNTRY
COUSIN
(Copyright, 1903. by Albert Britt.)
PS-wi NCE upon a time there was a tailor-made
gS-js'j article of the Aleck brand whose princi-
pal occupation and amusement con
«§H s * stC( * ' n burning large red holes in the
'&M night air along Broadway. He was the
!5£i<fj real original rounder. What he didn''t
know about the little old town after the
gas lamps were lighted wouldn't have
made even a first-class police captain's report, and the
things that he did know would have kept Dr. Parkhurst
in good spirits for at least three sermons, two inter
views and a letter to the Mayor. According to his own
account of the matter he was one of the most prominent
discouragers of the overproduction of spirituous liquors
in the borough of Manhattan. Half the chorus girls on
Broadway called him by his first name and any nighthawk
in the tenderloin could take him home at 2 o'clock in the
morning without looking in his inside pocket for his
card. His nightly course down the Rialto was barked
by' a broad trail of empty bottles and hiccoughs and his
landlady had a funnel around the keyhole in the front
door so that Aleck could let himself in without scratching
off all the varnish. It may appear from these few sug
gestions that Aleck knew his way around somewhat.
Now, Aleck was afflicted with a country cousin who
rejoiced in the artistic cognomen of Hen, marked down
from Henry. To the untutored eye Hen was most of
the things that Aleck was not. He couldn't tell the dif
ference between a dry Martini and a Krag-Jorgcnsen and
his wildest diversion was being drawn on the jury at
Kenosha* Center every two or three years. He wore
freckles and a two by eight smile cut bias and spent most
of his leisure time trying to get away from his hands and
untangling his feet.
One fall after" all the pumpkins were husked and the
undersized potatoes had been properly and carefully ar
ranged in the bottoms of the barrels and other simple
agricultural duties had been attended to Hen sold a
couple of fat steers and announced his intention of in
vesting the proceeds in one glad illumination of the me
tropolis. When Aleck heard the tidings of the bucolic
relative who was about to be visited upon him he went
away by himself to conceal his joy. The difference be-
tween black and white is Infinitesimal as compared with
the great gulf that is fixed between sticking the inof
fensive country cousin for a month's board in the summer
time and putting up for that same country cousin for a
few days during the ensuing winter.
When Hen arrived to begin his career of crime in the
heart of the metropolis Aleck mildly suggested that they
start in gently with a trip to the Eden Musee. Hen
didn't know what it was, but the Eden part of it tickled
his fancy and he allowed that he reckoned he was game-
After a thorough investigation of this chaste and uplift
ing exhibition Aleck led, his innocent .and confiding rela
tive from the tall grass a wild chase up Fifth avenue and
showed him the dining-room .'of the Waldorf-Astoria
through the windows — and some of the homes of the un
happy rich. The next night he proposed to gladden his
soul by a visit to the dried fruit show at Madison Square
Garden, which he assured Hen was one of the swellest
affairs on the ¦ programme. Then they could wind: up
their career of wild dissipation by'a two hour seance in
the' bosom of the annual convention of the Young Men's
Association for the Suppression of the Morning After
Feeling. i
At this point in his wistful meditations Hen pulled his
city relative down to earth with a thump and whispered in
plaintive accents that he hadn't come down to New York
to cultivate his intellect and otherwise add to the dull
ness of the universe. A man didn't need to leave home
to do that. What his soul thirsted for was the flicker of
the'gaslamps with the red shades and the soft gurgle of
the Maraschino cherry in its native lair. The next night
they foregathered with a 50-cent table d'hote in Twenty
seventh street, one of those; abodes of Bacchus haunted
by, wit,' beauty hnd the incense of somber, dark-browed
Swiss cheese, run by a Frenchman from Long Island _City,
where the wine is throWn »in and ought to be thrown out.
It was the sort of resort much affected by school teachers
from up State; and daring tourists' from faraway Rahwaji,
A divorce suit is often a big bid for sympathy whero
the better half is auctioneered of! regardless of the cost
of maintenance.
Before matrimony a man spends. all sorts of money
for carriages and violets when taking his sweetheart to
the theater. After matrimony he wants to know what's
the matter with the street cars. :• • '
• * * *
When a man gets useless or troublesome in his home
town his friends conspire to kill him off by sending him
to Congress.
* . • *
There is nothing to equal a political job for the fel
low who is too lazy to work.
* * . •
Courtship is the lovely dreamy moonlight with peep
ing stars and romantic bubbles bubbling over. Matri
mony is the "cold gray dawn of the morning after."
*. * *
The confidence man generally gives the other fel
low's confidence a sorry sort of jolt.
* * *
When a man says that "life is not worth living" give
him a dose of liver pills or lend him a $10 bill. If the
stirring effect of the one or the glad smile of the other
won't brace him up then he had better pass in his checks
and be done with the whole business.
* ? *
It takes a smart man to write a letter that may not
be used in evidence.
* * *
The get-rich-quick fellow lets the other fellow who
furnishes the funds do the worrying.
* ? *
The clever young fool can give the wise old guy cards
and spades and win out in every trick of the game.
* * *
When a man does not want to buy his wife a new
hat he should very gracefully convince her that she looks
so perfectly lovely in the old one that he cannot bear to
see her make a change.
The wqrld is full of sad old fools, as breach of prom
ise suits prove every day.
* * '¦¦*"-:"
When a woman puts a price on her love it is sure to
be price — less.
* * * ¦
Pessimism is more dyspeptic than philosophic. .
4 Wisdom is a reformed fool.
Flattery is a sugar-coated pill.
Egotism is the mirror that always reflects self.
* * ?
Hope tells a flattering tale, but it don't pay the bills.
* * *
Every cloud may have a silver lining, but how are you
going to prove it?
* * ?
. Love is the minor strain of life's symphony.
* * *:
Reaching out for the things that are beyond us keeps
us from appreciating the blessings at hand.
* * . *
A woman would rather freeze to death than hide the
graceful lines of her figure.
* .* *
The smile of some women is enough to give you "cold
feet."
-? ? ?
When a girl makes up her mind to marry a certain
fellow popguns and "poppers" might as well go out of
business.
NEMO'S
FABLE FOR THE
FOOLISH
New Jersey, so that they can tell the folks at home what
a devilish place New York is after dark. If Aleck thought
that his bucolic cousin's thirsty soul was going to be sat
isfied with any such imitation dissipation as that he wa3
barking up the wrong tree. Hen's soul didn't get thirsty
more than once or twice in a lifetime, but this was one
of the times that no one could ring an overworked table
d'hote in on him and call it an adult entertainment. A
man who has been brought up on hard cider and alcohol
flavored with A little water desires something with more
teeth in it than Rhein wine made in Jersey.
After they had absorbed a few samples of food they
wandered out into the stilly night again and the pro
cession moved up Broadway with Hen in the lead. Every
time he saw a. door that swung both ways he executed a
flank movement and lined his forces up along the breast
works with one foot on the rail at the bottom. Inside of
half an hour he had his hat on the back of his head and
was ordering his nerve tonic without any advice from
Aleck. At first Aleck entered into the spirit of the occa
sion, but there was too much spirit for even him, and be
fore they reached Forty-second street he was among the
also rans and Hen was asking him if he had been eating
something that disagreed with him. Just as he was going
down for the third time Aleck had a vague recollection,
of seeing Hen giving the dispenser of liquid refreshment
instruction in the manner of filling a new prescription for
snake bite. He came to as Hen was tucking him away
in his downy couch just long enough to hear his unso
phisticated relative from the backwoods announce that
he was going out to begin all over again where he left
Off.
The next morning Aleck was a close imitation of a
lemon that has been working overtime at a church so
ciable, while Hen was as fresh as a daisy and ready to
go to bat for another inning. It was three times and out
for Aleck. The next two nights were blazing reproduc
tions of the first round, and when Hen retired to his
rural fastness he had reduced Aleck to such a sad condi
tion of body, and mind that he would go three blocks out
of his way at the sight of a picture of a goat of the Wil
liam persuasion with his front feet on a barrel.
As will have* been observed this touching tale has
neither moral nor morals, but the point of the whole
matter is that not only are two heads better than one, but
some. heads arc better than others, and by no means all
the cabbage-heads are grown in tLe country.
13A bumptious constituent teeing Ne
smith conversing with a gentleman on
Pennsylvania avenue, and being un
mindful of the proprieties of the occa
sion, slapped the Senator on the back
and exclaimed, "I say. Nes, If I had
your cheek I would get any office in
this Government." Nesmlth replied
with dignity. "You are mistaken, sir;
if you had what you call my cheek.
with your limited amount of brains
you would get kicked down Pennsyl
vania avenue every day In the week."
watery hinges— a world 'full and noth
ing lost, for a word turns the back
ward keys of memory and the picture
Is revealed again.
"On the other side of the brush fire
my husband's Chinese cork hat gleams
among the green pines like a helmet of
Navarre, only a good deal ragged and
besmeared with a combination of brush
burning results and restaurant tarnish,
and no modest pen . can do adequate
justice to his pantaloons. The general
dissolute appearance of this article of
.wearing : apparel Is enhanced • by < cer
tain bagginess eloquently suggestive of
limited rations, while little knobs at
the I knees attest the unrelieved stress
at this point, which stress is confirmed
by tenacious touches of pine tree gunv
Indeed the rear presentation of the en
tire figure, shoulders and elbows as
There is a fascination . In the pursuit
of the precious metals that accompan
ies no other avocation, and-ln it men
and women cheerfully endure hard
ships and encounter dangers. In 1885
my wife and L enthused; by reports of
great silver, discoveries,'; wandered into
a new camp In Eastern Oregon. From
a box of "scraps" I extract a letter now
yellow with age, which was written by
her, to an -Eastern friend and never
mailed. She says :. "Our cabin stands
among the pines and looks the eternal
mountains in the face. The last" gleam
of the setting sun is thus left for my
ever-straining eyes, for they •; are al
ways ' searching some , landscape for
suggestion. What etrange bits I have
filed away for thoughts bits broken
from every corner of the earth. A
glimpse of the Bwiss glaciers, pearly
and • prismatic, reaches of rose and
gamboge from/ Italian sunsets, phos
phorescent swirl of tropic sea^congloin,
erate belching* of ¦ Colorado upheavals,'
stretches Yof distant peaks, leaning
magicwards, swathed in the warmest
of Arizona .tints, ; pulsing of green
buds and boughs and golden gates with
though I had never lived in the State
I was at the time of my election consti
tutionally eligible, for the constitution
does not require that a Senator shall be
a citizen, but only an inhabitant of his
State, and for two months before the
election I 'inhabited' Alabama to an
unlimited extent. I was elected and
afterward re-elected. I made ' her a
good Senator, if I do say It myself, and
I lasted longer than most of the carpet
baggers." .
fire and the Indictment was burned.
Its place could not be supplied and the
Grand Jury had been discharged. The
next evening, shortly after the arrival
of the train from Portland, Shirley
came over to the hotel, lfvld with rage,
bringing with him a copy of the Ore
gonlan. In the press dispatches was a
special from Baker City, saying: "The
Courthouse was ' destroyed by fire last
night and all the records were burned.
It is generally believed that it was fired
by Mr. J.'Q. Shirley, in order to get rid
of the indictment found against him fur
cattle stealing." Shirley wanted to
sue the Oregonlan and every paper on
the coast that contained the paragraph
for libel and fill every Jail in Oregon
with editors. He quieted down, how
ever, at the suggestion that the Ore
gonian would probably . retract, ¦ apolo
.glze and discharge it* malicious'corre
spondent, all of which the Oregonlan
Yet, as Me.ca.ulay says In substance,
"Parties often survive long after the
issues which called them into existence
have been settled," bo the cry for free
coinage did not cease. In the canvass
of 1900 It was still an issue In the Far
West, and those Republicans who had
left their party to support Bryan in
18% on account of it did not escape
criticism if they returned to their al
legiance.
There was a great political meeting
in a far western community and the
speaker of the evening was a noted free
coinage advocate who had returned to
the Republican fold. He explained the
reason for his action, and claimed that
for the United States alone to attempt
free coinage would be- to Mexicanize our
currency. Thereupon a loud voiced op
ponent in the audience interrupted him
with the question, "Which is the be«t
for us to become, a Mexican colony or
to remain as now slaves of England?"
The speaker paused. "I cannot answer
that question," said he. "Ah ha! 1
thought you cried the Inter
rupter. "And I wy explain," continued
the speaker, "why I cannot answer it,
by telling a little story. Once upon a
time a. company of Federal troops 'were
In pursuit of a band of hostile Apaches.
Their chase led them along a mountain
trail over which no wheeled vehicle
could pass. So they strapped a small
brass "field piece upon the back of a
burro and went ahead. They dlacov-
One of the most ardent free- silver
advocates In the country was George
Spencer, at one time United States Sen
ator from Alabama. "The curious fea
ture of my first election to the Senate,"
said h«, "was that until a few week
before the election I had never lived it
the State of Alabama. It happened in
this way: i raised a company in Iowa,
where I lived before the war, and in the
second year of the ivar was on the staff
of the general commanding at Chatta
nooga. It was proposed to raise a regi
ment from the Union men living In the
mountains in Northern Alabama. This
duty was Intrusted to me and I was
appointed colonel. I selected all of the
staff and most of the company officers,
and the regiment did good service, al
though as it happened it was never
called upon for service in Alabama.
When the war was over we/were mus
tered out, and I went to California and
opened an office in San Francisco as a
mining stock broker.- 1 corresponded oc
casionally with my old comrades. One
day after reconstruction had been ef
fected and Alabama admitted . I re
ceived by pony express— for the rail
road was not then completed— a letter
signed by several of the former officers
of my regiment. They,/ stated in sub
stance that they had been eleceted
members of the State Legislature,
which would convene in a few months;
that two United States Senators were
to be elected: that there were a dozen
candidates; that they had no prefer-*
ences, and If I were on the ground they
believed that they could*, effect a com
bination that would secure my election.
I wired my acceptance of that proposi
tion, and the next day my broker's of •'•
flee was for. rent and I was en route fojr
Alabama by the overland road. Al-
"I wondered." said Nesmlth. "when
dinner would be ready, and I won
dered more what kind of a lady it was
that Black had an appointment with
at that hour, but the situation was
fully explained to me when Black add
ed. Tou will not forget. Senator, our
dinner party to-morrow night.* ••
Finally Mr. Black appeared arrayed
In a dressing gown and slippers. The
twain entered Into conversation and
conversed and _ conversed and con
versed. Seven o'clock Btruck, then 8,
then 9. then 10. By this time Nesmith
was thoroughly acquainted with the
history of-Pennsylvanla from the time
of William Penn, and Blade .was pos
sessed of all the details of the Lewis
and Clark expedition.
Shortly after 10 o'clock Black arose
and said, "You will have to excuse me.
Senator, for I have an appointment
with a lady."
Nesmlth used to tell his friends of
his having accepted an invitation to
dine with Jeremiah S. Black. The exi
gencies of life in Oregon demanded
for evening dress the old-fashioned
long-tailed double-breasted broadcloth
frock, which was the very summit
of fashion. But Washington was dif
ferent, bo the Senator placed a hnrry
order for a dress suit. It arrived Just
in time, and with his stalwart form
incased in it he hurried to the home
of the Pennsylvanian.
The servant showed him Into the draw
ing-room and took his card. Nesmith
seated himself and waited for some
time.
Our hopes were not fulfilled, for the
ledges "petered" and I returned to law,
practice. Before I left that section I
was employed by a gentleman named
Shirley in a cattle case. Among the
Idiosyncrasies of * Oregon legislation
there is or was a law by which a
Grand Jury consisted of only five mem
bers, and three of these could find an
Indictment. It was doubtless Intended
to prevent shooting scrapes among cat
tle owners. . When there was a
quarrel the disputants. Instead of
shooting each other, .would have
each other indicted for stealing
steers. There was seldom a con
viction, but the prosecuting ; wit
ness could put his enemy to the cost
and vexation of a trial and enjoy the
roasting which his victim would re
ceive from the lips of the lawyers. My
client, who was one of the wealthiest
cattle owners in Eastern OregQn, was
absent In the East at the time the
other man's steer strayed into tlic
Shirley herd, but an Indictment was
found nevertheless, and I was engaged
for the defense. While we were pre
paring for trial the Jail and Court
house at Baker City was destroyed by
"If free coinage is denied us," said an
Oregon farmer tc an_advocate of the
single gold standard, "silver will go
down and the price of grain will follow
that of silver, and what shall we do
with our wheat?". "Make pork of it,"
replied. the speaker, airily. "But," an
swered the farmer, "the gold bagrs don'4
eat pork."
The Oregonlan looked up and ex
claimed: "Well, Senator, when I flrat
came I wondered how It could be that
such a man as I am could have been
elected a United States Senator. I have
been here three weeks, and I wonder
now how any of you ever got here."
Is there an Oregonlan of the vintage
of 1860 who will fall to recollect Sena
tor J. W. Nesmlth? His crisp, com
pact, sententious speeches, his breezy
style of address and his caustlo wit
•will be long remembered by his col
leagues of what is now the "Million
aires' Club." Shortly after his election
to the United States Senate a New
England Senator approached htm In
the cloakroom, where he was enjoying
an after lunch cigar, and patronizingly
inquired: "Well. Brother Nesmlth,
how does it feel to be a Senator of the
United States?"
ered a party of Indians at the bottom
of a deep ravine. Their gun was loaded
and ready. They backed the burro to
the edge of the precipice, turned the
gun on the Indians and the order was
given to fire. Before the order could be
obeyed the burro suddenly wheeled, but
the soldier to whom the order was given
In. his confusion p filled the lanyard or
the gun. Its contents were discharged
into the ground, and the recoil kicked
the burro and sun over the precipice
and both fell into the middle of the In
dian camp. A white flag Boon' appeared
and shortly afterward the Indians ap
peared. "Ugh!.", said their chief to the
lieutenant commanding the . soldiers,
'Injun no fight you. We fight miner,
fight soldier, fight with gun,, fight with
pistol, tight with bow and arrow. But
you shoot JackasB at Injun— then Injun
Quit.'" .. _
(Copyright, 1903, by Thomas Fitch.)
{"TpjHE free sili'er coinage move
1 ment which swept like a flood
I over the West and South In 1896.
which in many instances oblit
erated party lines, which made Demo
crats of Republicans . and Republicans
of Democrats, was logical In its day
because It was based upon conditions
which seemed to demand its success as
the only method of extrication from
existing evils. Natural causes and
not agitation remitted the great ques
tion of 1SS6 to the limbo of lost politi
cal Issues.
South Africa, West Australia, Crip
ple Creek and Alaska solved the prob
lem that for a time vexed the politi
cians. The gold finders of the world
have usually been members of the An-'
glo-Sazon race, and they have seldom
failed in an emergency. They went
to the mountains and veldts of South
Africa and the torrid gulches of^West
Australia and cried "Give forth!" To
the stubborn ores of Colorado they
said: "We have come to cyanide
you. Give forth!" On the Yukon and
at Nome they swung the pick and
hammer by the light of the aurora
boreal!? and the midnight sun and
rhouted "Give forth!" And the rocks
obeyed, even as Horeb yielded when
Moses emote it, and the new streams
of gold supplied all demands for com
merce for more metallic money, an!
free coinage of silver was no longer
necessary, or even desirable, except to
silver mine owners, and there were
not many of these.
Jack Smith was a litigious butcher,
and his lawyer was a bon vlvant. The
new year was fairly, on Its feet, when
Jack bristled into the attorney's ofllce.
"I have called," said he. "to settle my
account. Your meat bill for the year
is $685, and I will allow you $300 for
your legal services." "Jack.- replied
the lawyer, "you can make out either
your bill or mine, Just as you like, but
you cannot make out both." "Oh. why
didn't I ask for your bill before I pre
sented mine?" said Jack. "It was im
prudent," said the lawyer, "but I am
willing to favor you. Suppose we Jump
accounts and call it square?" "Agreed."
said the relieved slaughterer of cattle.
wall, reminds one of Japanese subjects
technically under conventional treat
ment, severely outlined and shorn of
lights and shades. My own conditions
are not such as to warrant boastlnr.
I use lard for toilet, resin soap for my
bath, wornout lawn . tennis shoes,
broken-boned corsets and silk stock
ings patched with muslin after the
most approved esthetic crazy quilt de
sign. It is for the hope to have and
to hold In the glittering legacy of na
ture said to be hidden among these
snow-capped hills that we, with others,
undertake hardships and privations
and sleep upon cots and hay, and oc
casionally skip beef, butter, milk and
desserts and go without newspapers and
wear linen guiltless of starch or flat-
Irona and only, clean through the pro
cess of hand laundrying In a basin.
"The miners— blessing on the big
hearts under the blue shirts — bring ua
'specimens' and 'samples' until the
mirror upon my Improvised toilet table
reflects more sulphurets than brushes
and more chlorides than combs. The
latest addition is a thirty-pound dor
nock covered with greasy little 'green
ery-yallery* flakes of pure chloride of
silver. More discoveries on both sides
of the creek are reported. If but one
in twenty fulfills expectations this will
be the largest mining field in the land."
Months afterward I met Shirley In
San Francisco. "I shall never get rid
of that thine never," Bald he. "Last
month I was at the Cattle Dealers' Con
vention In Cheyenne, and when I
named a price for cattle the other fel
low would say, "Why, Shirley, you ask
as much for steers as though you had
bought them,* and after, the- conven
tion adjourned three highbinders from
Ounnlson County cams to me and said
they were a committee appointed to
wait cm me; that they had an old ram
shackle courthouse that they wanted to
"set rid of, bo they could erect a new
building; that they understood that I
had experience In the business, and
they wanted to know what I would
charge to go there and set fire, to it."
did promptly and fully, cot because of
Shirley's demand, but because It round
on investigation that It had been be
trayed by Its correspondent.
THE SAN . FRANCISCO . SUNDAY CAtL.
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECTIONS
OF THOMAS FITCH
14all he loved the master's son. Why,
nobody knew.'
Jack Lindsay, the master's son, was
not a favorite. He had a naturally in
born, cruel nature; he had been a tease
as a boy; he had grown to be a bully.
Handsome, tall, upstanding as all of
his race, dark-eyed, black-haired, lithe
of limb, at 21 he was the catch of the
county, but he wasn't liked, save by his
father, who adored him, and the' men
who spent his money freely.
Mothers of many daughters kept their
eyes on him and girls too young to
know an inborn, vicious nature
thought perhaps too much of Jack.
Other women there were who saw more,
yet cared less. ' —
Cripps grew apace. Strong, limbed,
big maw, with a solid muscular body,
strong clean legs, he came to be a per
fect type of dog. He took his exercise
manlike. He bathed, he ran, he kept
himself In perfect condition. When it
was necessary, to fight, he fought; if he
could keep from it. like a gentleman, he
did eo, otherwise he killed.
Almost against himself, the master's
son got to like him. • It was hard to
battle with such affection. No matter
bow many the; kicks, no matter how
many the blows, the dog, partly grown,
would Eldle away and come back
smiling. •
One fear he had. The master gave a
dinner In rooms at Oxford one night.
The bottles traveled freely and i after
the table had been cleared, Llewellyn, a
Jack. He grew with him and became
of him a part. As he gathered years
he took, on i knowledge and - loved the
blue sky. the green fields," "the water,
the universe itself; with* all its health
giving properties. _ One fear only he
had and that we knew about.
And Jack; Jack loved him in his way,
a. careless way; loved him enough to
have him always with him. ". But Cripps
loved as a woman loves. He loved Jeal
ously, fiercely, sometimes savagely, but
always nobly. The dog never let Jack
remember the ¦ slur, of his babyhood or
the | knockout i blow of j his youth. He
loved and all' he asked was love In re
turn.
He didn't mind blows if there was a
caress ; to ¦ follow. He took his lickings
cheerfully,. because a. kind .word would
come his way. : later. He never
pered! : His crejed was sacred \ to . him.
When he was alone he did his dear
est .thinking. pondered on his past
and' figured 5 on'his future, but most of
all he thought of his love of the ' mas
ter's' son and" how he could best keep
that love intact."!. ;^ /.
: , . Those were - : the V days ¦ of : hla youth
dreams, when he was , growing to < his
greatness ; and Jack began to think of
marrying.
- Out on the great lawns at the grange
the hoar frost glistened asd there corn-
boon companion and an amateur boxer
of some note, suggested a bout. Lind
say took him- up, himself no slouch,
and soon the men had the room cleared
and the two went at it. :
A careful observer, might have saw
the shifting of a big red body in Jack
Lindsay's corner, the gradually spread
ing muscles of great fore legs, the
bristling of crisp hair, the glistening of
eyes quickly becoming bloodshot. , .
An uppercut took Lindsay fair* and
square under the right side of the Jaw.
There was a cry "Look out for
Cripps,". and the big dog was In mid
air, with a howl of fury.
Quick as a flash Lindsay had recov
ered and caught the dog midway with
a heavy right' It caught him fair on
the nozzle and threw him half way
across the room. He lay there stunned.
The men stood still for a minute. \ The
room took on a great silence. ; ' :
Then*X.indsay went quickly to him:
Down on his knees, ; he . took the big
head in his lap, saying: /'Poor old man,.
God knows I didn't mean that to be so
hard."_ . ¦ . , , »• „
1 Cripps looked up through blood and
foam, smiled and licked a blood mark
on Lindsay's ' hand. Never, again but
once did he face a fist gloved or bare. -
j There was not a dry eye that night
"as they made the young hero comforta-^
bie. He sighed with satisfaction, sorely
hurt as he was, that he had saved the
"master's" son."
From that time Cripps never left
pact and .massive, stood Cripps, gazing
out into the vast— what, a* nothing.; a
gaping void. Something had happened
weeks before, and to-day was the mar
riage day. and his strong great love had
gone for. nothing somehow. Some one
had come : between,- a , sweet, pretty,
clear-eyed' girl, who loved Jack as he
loved him, but. whom Jack loved best
when he wasn't around.
This was their wedding day; all he
knew was that something strange had
been going on. There had been the
laughter of young '• girlish voices; there
had . been much bustling about, and ;
even his own corner had been besieged
by a sweet young girl, who had tender-'
ly patted him, almost mournfully.
There in the cold morning air he
sniffed the coming of evil, of a great
sorrow. Might he* cry Just once. Just
once?; Down on his great' limbs he ;
slipped and there in the cold of the win
ter dew. he thawed out the hoar frost in
his great sorrow. . . • '
z Then, up (like a strong man,' whose
grief has been wrung from him and is a
thing to be known only between Mother
(Nature i and he rose, slowly,
stiffly, and walked the stable.
; Oh! that the man and the bride-to-be
might have seen him In his great de
¦.epalr! .V?;l/V- : : c ¦'¦'¦ '¦¦'• -\'-W.'- -'. ¦'*¦•' '\
. Dogs are not wanted on honeymoons.
, So for. the 'first time ¦ Cripps ¦ and Jack
were separated. . The great • terrier dis
appeared ; for, ' three days ; what he did,
no man ever' knew/ where •. he went only
?*—£ j *^ ***• 5* ou Uttle cur,"
i'"^S^^$S*| and he kicked him
mS^^^Wi fnt0 a stal1 ' The pup
f WpHftjEaan' I didn't even whimper;
** ls ta^ went down a
T^fr^^v^i " ttle blt ~ * hat ta!l
j .^i^isTMjjjw J§ there was to go — his
deep-set brown eyes
looked up and asked a question. With
that questioning look, with that hard,
rough kick, began the love of a little
animal for the master of Moffat's son.
Cripps was an Irish terrier pup, not
a thoroughbred, though behind him was
the breeding of the great ,"Mary Queen"
strain. He stood for a moment after
that great kick on his little half -formed
side, and, puppy-like, he thought to
himself: "Maybe I'm not full bred, yet
the master of Moffat is master here and
the master's son is breed of the breed
and I haven't whimpered and maybe — "
but he got no further, for the voice
came again: "Get in your little cur.
Foxley, and keep the little brute Inside
your stable." This to the head stable
man. "Very good, sir," came the an
swer, and Cripps lay down to ponder
further on the stupidity of pups. ' v
Cripps, snub-nosed, yellow-haired,
bright-eyed, understood from that time,
human-like, everything you said . to
him. He loved Foxley, he loved the
master of Moffat, but over and above
the gamekeepers might guess; for In
their toll by night they said later that
they had seen Him racing through the
woods, a specter of a dog.
When'he returned it was to be at the
master's" heels. The master's word was
law, and what he said Cripps did; but
the dog was no longer the Cripps of old.
True, his outward body was the same,
the. perfect, symmetry of form was
there, the huge muscles, but .the eyes
were the eyes of an old man grief
stricken.
The master, petted him.- had him al
ways .with* him, - took ( mm to the new
house so soon to be ready for the young
bride, and he went as a human, goes
whose days are done. and whose life is
finished. • . . . • „
They came at last. Jack and his bride,
came to the ; Old Grange ; for the re
union- of families and made bright the
old house. The master and Cripps-'
stood; in the great- hallway to receive
'them. . * . "> : ••.•.
The dog showed in a gentle way his
.unbounded affection and Ja.ck was un
¦ f elgnediy • glad- to . see ; him. Fdr the
young- ; mistress Cripps^gaVe as his best
friend that unstinted affection- that'
was ingrown. Yet he v.knew^ and
they knew that it was not the same,*
.and while, his. poor understanding. could.
not quite fathom .the „ difference, theirs
learned at once that his .heart was
.breaking. ".'•"'..•¦ '
It was on the following' day, and Jack :
and his wife were in the morning "room
preparing a surprise for all the young
folk,, who were to receive them after
breakfast. The most simple discussion
occurred. Jack Lindsay grew angry,
his young, bride retorted, and.no one
shall ever tell what hla raised fist
meant to do. ' ' ' r *
Cripps, quiet and demure.' was faying
between them. . At first he. had not
seemed to notice ths raised voices, then
gradually hia demeanor , changed; the
.blood. red came. into his eyes, his hair
stiffened and he rose.^
The fist may have been meant* to em
phasize, who shall tell? Cripps Tooked
'once Into the girl's startled 'eyes; "then
wheeled quickly.. With a. grin* on his
face, but death in his eyes, he sprang
at., the uplifted, % hand. The Impetus
threw "Lindsay to Oje. ground. ;,
The master of Moffat rarely speaks of
it/ but" no brave" mtiii,' he has said.' ever
.•stood** up against a wall to' be shot as
Cripps did that morning. ' ¦ • '
; Bloody mawed, eyes aflame, be went
.with-, the .master .like . a child. - He
walked erectly with him. Norman put
chain or leather on him.' fought
: hls" -great' : flght and had won" or' lost.
He dripped bfodd as-he" went, the blood
of his love; and "he knew that the pen
alty was : death. . Behind . the .stables
..where he had been Woked and.-.called
.qur'he stood bravely.- to face the. Inevi
table! Blear eyed though., he . was, he
'never flinched and even as. he stumbled
"forward 'he tried to' lick "the "master's
• hand: ' -•- • *" w '-¦
By Wm. Jardine
THE PRETTY BRIDE AND GREEN-EYED CRIPPS
IT would probably be impossible to
point to any single ornament to
which so much Interest is attached
as to the finger-ring; during centu
ries it has been associated with most
Important concerns of life, in. mat
ters of ceremony and sentiment. Its
origin ts enveloped in the mist of fable;
the Greeks believed that the fashion
emanated from no less personage than
Zeus himself: and in their mythology
the little finger-ring 'was consecrated
to Mercury, the patron of thieves. Not
to Epcak of the evidences we find in
the mountains of ancient Egypt, we
read that even the simple patriarchs
were susceptible to this adornment. In
the books of Moses we find records of
the use of finger-ring; It originally ap
pears to have been a signet, used
as we now do a written autograph, and
It Is not a little curious that the un
changed habit of Eastern life Is as
common to-day aa It was 3300 years ago.
When Tamar desired some token by
which she should again be recognized
by Tadah, she requested his signet
(Fig. 1) ; this Is the usual form of these
rings; It has a somewhat clumsy mova
ble cube, engraved on each of Its facets
with symbolical devices.
The next in Importance Is the ring
which was given by Pharaoh to Jo
seph. Upon opening, in 1824, a tomb
In the necropolis of Sakkara, the work
men discovered a mummy, every limb
of which was cased in solid gold; each
finger had Its particular envelope, in-
Serapi3 at w»e extremity and* of Isls
at the other. •
(Fig. 5.) The above massive ring be
longed to Pope Pius II, better, known*
by his literary name of Aeneas Sylvius;;
it is of brass, thickly gilt, set with, a
topaz; on the hoop are chased the
arms of the family, Picolomini, the pa
pal tiara with the;; inscription. "P a P a
Pio," and on each of the four sides is
placed in relief one of the four beasts
of the Revelation, to typify the Evan-'
gellsts. (Fig. 6.) The recent election
of Plo X has made every one acquaint
ed with all the sanctity and importance
attached to the official ring of the Sov
ereign pontiff, the celebrated "Fisher
man's Ring," which Impressed upon
briefs ' was once more powerful than
the authority of kings. It is a steel
seal made in the fashion ofaRoman
signet; it ,bears upon it a representa
tion of St. Peter seated in the prow of
an ancient boat, holding a net in each
hand. It is taken possession of by the
cardinal chancellor .with great Bolem
nity when the Pope dies; the signet is
then destroyed and not restored until
a new Pope has been elected; this is
not worn by him, but is used for briefs.
(Fig. 7). This is the ring of some
early Christian, "I rejoice" Inside, and
the monogram upon the signet is evi
dently the name of Jesus, in its earliest
form, made'.up of the letters X "and <I,
as commonly found in the catacombs
of Rome. The rings of the Anglo-,
Saxon sovereigns are very interesting,
having sometimes names upon them.
rlage Darnley was created Duke of
Albany.. (Fig; 9.)" X
,;piieen' Elizabeth's history.^and that
of h^er unfortunate favorite, the Earl of
Essex,' is 'popularly, known, and may ue
briefly" told. At the. time when most
passionately; attached to the Earl, she
gave him a' ring. ,' with 'the assurance
that she would pardon any fault Of
which he might.be accused on the re
turn of the pledge. (Fig. 10.) When, in
later, years." he was condemned for
treason, she expected to receive this
token,' and was prepared to grant the
promis'ed pardon; it came not! The
Queen was .confirmed in the belief that
he had ceased to care for her. ' The
Earl, in the last extremity of despair,
•had entrusted the ring to the Countess
of Nottingham, wife of the Lord High
Admiral, an enemy of the unfortunate
Essex, who forced his wife to conceal
the trust entirely, and secrete the ring.
The Countess upon her deathbed sent
for her royal mistress, and for the first
time told of her. guilt, humbly implor
ing mercy" from her God and forgive
ness from her earthly sovereign, who
did not only refuse to give it, but hav
ing shook her as she lay in bed, sent
her, accompanied with most fearful
curses, to a higher tribunal. (Fig. 10.)
William Shakespeare's ring was
found March' 16, l§10, by a laborer's
wife in the mill close, adjoining Stat
ford-on-Avon churchyard.
•Poison rings were in frequent use In
ecrlbed with hieroglyphics: "So Joseph
died, being 110 years old; and they
embalmed him, and he was put in a
coffin In Egypt."
In connection with this ring it is nec
essary to remember what occurred:
Pharaoh took his ring from his hand
and put it upon Joseph's hand, and he
made him ruler over all the land of
Egypt; the seal has the cartouche of
Pharaoh upon it. (Fig. 2.)
The Romans literally reveled in rings
of all styles and sizes. We have a trans
lation of Juvenal by Dryden:
Charged with light summer rings, his fingers
sweat.
Unable to support a gem of weight. '
They were made very thick, with
such large stones in them that it is no
wonder a fop should reckon them a
little cumbersome in the summer sea
son in so hot a climate; we have as a
proof the thumb ring which bears the
portrait of Trajan's good queen Plo
tina. The coiffure is remarkable and
splendid, being composed of three rows
of precious stones cut in facets. (Fig. 3.)
This bust would of course come out
side the hand, the narrower part of
the wreathed ring passing between the
thumb and first finger. The gorgeous
inconvenience of the whole thing is
very apparent.
In the comparatively modern era of
Roman rule in Egypt, rings of more
fanciful construction were worn (Fig.
4); here is a remarkable one, having the
convolutions of a serpent, the head of
One of these Vrellcs, * the remarkable
work of this-; early- jar.t, \ belonged to '
Bthel wulf , ' King of \ Wessex, the father
•of 'Alfred' the"!Gr^^^who;relg^ed Al .D.¦
83C-8^8. and bear's the i royal name 'upon »'•
it. (Fig. 8.)
In the year 1852 some citizens of Cal-V
ifornia presented President Pierce with
a gigantic ring; lt'ls of massive gold
and was designed by George^ Blake, a
mechanic of San Francisco; on the cir-,'
cular portion of the ring are groups
representing the history of California.
The part reserved for a Veal is covered
by a solid carved plate of gold; bearing
the arms of the State of California, sur
mounted by the banner of the* United
States; this lid opens and presents to
view, nine separate compartments, con
taining specimens of ores found in the
country^ with the inscription: "Pre
sented to Franklin Pierce — the four
teenth President of the United States."
(Fig. 11.)
George Washington made bequests in
his wilj to each of. his sisters-in-law
arid friends of a mourning ring of the
value of $100, as mementoes of his es
teem and regard. / /
A valuable one that- has come down
to our time is the signet-ring of. Mary.
Queen of Scots. . It is thought that
this was Mary's nuptial ring when she
married. Darnley, and it affords the
-earliest Instance of her bearing the
royal arms of Scotland alone after hav
, ing discarded the arms of France. On
"the ring, is a monogram formed of the
letters M and A. Just before her mar-
Precious stones were supposed to be
endowed with properties. Jasper took
the lead, Galen himself vouching for its
qualities from his own ample experi
ence; it cured fever, dropsies and hem
orrahges. The turquoise . was believed
to strengthen the sight and the spirits
of the wearer, to take away all enmity
and to reconcile man and wife. Ame
thysts were supposed to prevent drunk-
Rings of gold were thought to cure St.
Anthony^s fire; in Berkshire one made
from a piece of sliver collected at the
communion was a > preventive against
convulsions; for, curing divers diseases
In Devonshire rings were made of 'three
nails or screws that had been used to
fasten a coffin. , : ,•¦¦«-.-
Italy in the Middle Ages: they -/were
called "Death's rings." The most fa
mous of these employed to kill an .ene
my was that- whlch-belonged .to- Caesar'
Borgia — a grasp from the hand wearing
the ring Insured; a very slow but cer
tain death; It contained. a virulent poi
son, which found vent through a small
spike pressed out by a spring when the
hand was grasped, and which was so
slight in its operation as to be scarcely
felt, and not usually noticed by the per
son wounded- during the 'excitement of
the hearty friendship so well simulated.
We wish to mention some of the num
berless rings -of antiquity which were
supposed to .possess magical charms
and medicinal virtues in the estimation
of the credulous; even In our days some
will purchase galvanic rings to. cure
rheumatism.
The glyptic art may be said U have
reached Its perfection la the century
which preceded and the century
which followed the Christian era;
then flourished the most eminent gem
engravers of antiquity, "Pyrgotelea,
Apollonldes, Solon and' Naualaa.
Three-fourths of the ancient .engraved
stones have been r plowed, up from
the soil, or dredged up from tha rivers
of classic lands, after lying burled for
a thousand years.' * ' '."¦* • •'" \ •' *
Within the -last century there has
been a renaissance of the • study of
this art and ft Is now quite a society
fad In "our country. ....
ertneas.. Queen Elizabeth received oas
.from her gallant Chancellor Hatton,
with minute Instructions tor her guid
ance: "A ring against Infected air, to
be worn between the sweet dugs of her
bosom." "
¦ Lady Cathcart, on* marrying her
fourth husband,' Hush' Maguire, In 1713,
had the following'posy Inscribed on her
wedding ring: "• - - ."• . .' ¦"¦'
"If I survive. ~\
¦• ¦ ¦ I will have five." •* ' ¦ r '"
Another had a useful piece of advtoa,
"Bear and Forbear." •' '
A Monmouthshire man wh» causa 3
his wife's wedding ring to-be In
scribed, "If thee doesn't i. work the*
shan't eat," waa - determined :• that
there should be no mistake In what ha
required in a wife. \ It is again becom
ing fashionable % to ; hava , . wedding
rings with posies,, and no. doubt the
f aot that the Duchess of York had ona
engraved upon . hers will do much to
revive the old custom., - ¦.;;*•.'•
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY GALL.
THE HISTORY OF THE FINGER RING
15;" • - '¦. Who CanUoTVe^fhisileuzzT^ > -
And no\v,'\cliilrlrcn, thoPuzzzlo Editor wnnts to have 'a scriousjioart to heart talk with youy so lls-*
ten. every ; one: of . you. • This " week . : there, .'nre "^only , Seventy-Seven illttlc'v hoys J and girls who : guessed the . ,
puzzles of December ' 27 correctly i( vvhere • there should have been -a 'f'ull.iohe Hhhdred rind Fifty nntl more.:,
Only Sovonty-Sci-cn. Think; of tli'jit. ' Aren't*, y° u " -ashamed? ' ARE35/T :YOU VASI1AMED?. J Well, ; you
ought to be. think that. you -haye" been c givingj ?so* 'ranch'^ time' to" ChrLstmus joys'. and Christmas toys';
as to ! be utterly forgetful " Or "indifferent' "or ii^rse to* the solution of these,, niizzlcs." Tlicfc 'were" hundreds "
-mitt- hundreds a(- answer^, -but- Jiow«careIessCy6u.»UCaverc. -.^Tjyi.sonia,- children ¦ had them all wrong— --
every ; slngle solitary one of them. ,Aren't"yo n lisliamed?., ... '„ ¦ j. ' \. ••• '. : . . , .-.
r :/¦ "And think what splendid reward. '- Did y you ' sec full -. page /.'ofii photographs . of -, puzzle winners :
last Snndny?. Hjivc. looked at the rfull page \}f •'pHotograp^'qfv pnzile' winners^^r^s; Sunday? Arc yoii.
among, them?- -Well, Jf you- are r* not you should. be,'; so" be wide awaiBeV.'«J>ow,' is -your chance " for, a prize and
thc-hu2iur. ; Ql.jviuning it. ,.^. "L^_.:; * •- . ¦ '. " .' '>.,;;;--. .-v*:,.-,.^ . . . / - •¦ ¦¦ .,...-.
' And 1 is another thins that the Editor .wants to' speak of. Please don't send In any tin
type pictures 'or proofs that* ai^e untohcd~ which that .they, yvlll" fade as'; soon as they.are exposed
to the sun, aiul don't' forget, to i\vrJkteyour-!nanic^^nd"-address=.onVUM^ibac^
And by all nicans-be; sure, tluit -you arc a /prize .winncr'before you'schdiin anyVpictui'e at all. '- . .. -^
No^ • i-cmemb^er, this: You, will all :hivye;a'~chrinOT not only r tor«-ta one of.those"l50 prizes, bat get you* -
picture published as '.well.: 'The Pukzler Editor *«ttintir aU the*' prize winners 1 from: now on to send In their
; pictures— the whole 11 1 30 " every wee k If possible. * B^gln •; right now? Don't -Walt. V The more the merrier. :
There can't ' be too many. • But remember only^ the ' prUwTwitlners 'can : ha ve- their .pictures published. . {' ' ;
' '- -Each-or the Nine Pictures in this. ithe'-Fiftli' 'contest^bf tthe^S^xth Sericli, representa a Letter of the",
(Alphabets- Can you £uess? Ah! There' is .n-;Vich^i^Wd: ; for\'ybu^ ... . . / '.. ?
And now listen carefully: 1'lIEUK ARE rQXE>HUNDREp AND FIFTY^ PRIZES, and tills Is what ',
1 yon must do to.wln one bf.them: '¦ ¦.¦;,•.¦ J v,.'*ii':'jv4-o '^;''K*'- \f*i ¦.¦.:¦',*' '-¦¦ ¦*• ¦ ¦¦-- fiX.- ¦-¦'.«•¦ ¦,< " ¦¦ • '.••&'• ) •'¦¦ ..>
- Find thfc names of . Nine; Different iLettersj of; the >A^
on this page and write them out in- the spact opn63ite\U»el proper, corr^pbndhig^nunibcri, prov|ded.vfor". the '
purpose in the coupon on this page, . as per : directions ;:BH in the conpdn : witii your name ,n' n^l:adtlress and the
. prize you desire— if you uln-pand send tlio; picture, -^wldi^the coupon attached, t to.; the EDITOR S OF. THE>
' NAME. PUZZLE : PAGE; v Sunday iC all, ¦San^I>Mci^^ '¦'; : '. ¦'..'¦
, RE5IE3mER^To."theVFIRST ; hvyi}^iyfA^imF^'}BOY!S AI^DlGIRL3 who solve. the Ntoi
Name Puzzles correctly; one 'of these ONE^ HUND RED '/'AND * FIFTY BEAUTIFT&Ij ->" PRIZES ' will b«
And don't ; forget": this* next point, because -it iB^Ter^ftmpwt^^ REACH •;
¦ THIS OFFICE -BY* FRIDAY ; NOON.^ This '-gives* all those in count ry lanTequal <:•' chance , to ' cpmpete.
, Read everything on this page,; to be^sure" 'that "you •oWriobk 1^nothing; 1 that'wiil Jielpyba'to win a prize.'
" : THE ' NAMES OF LXHE ( LUCKY WINNERS ? WIIjIi ? BE PUBLISH ED « IN .THE SUNDAY CALL .TWO
*WEEKS TOOiljTO-DAY, January , : 24.! -'^ ' ;.•¦¦•••¦¦" ¦;£%» ;--VV? • : :•.¦.•'> •:•'*•? ¦;>•>-¦' - : : •}'''¦: ; ; •I* '¦"<>:*£*-''?
These are thV;T^JTTY BE AUTIF^B^
' correctly: 'A Dog of In'llis Steps,' ,".
' b ? Shbldon ;Tom^Brown's^- School Day>, ;Jby. Hughes •.¦R^b'a^
• tory of NewYork, by Irving; ;The BUthedale Romance,, by Hawthorne; 'Paul ; and ; yirglnia, • by -Saint : . Pierre; ~
The Prince of the House of;DaTid,Aby.Ingrahani; lAx Christmas Carol, ;.,by •Dickcfci: J. Cole, , bj. Gellebrand;
Alice's" Adventures' In Wonderland,*; by? Carroll;! OldijOairiutt by
Stcvenson^Jcsslca^VFu^t Prayer, by Strettbn;:Cihrf«tie^
Bunyan ; The - Cricket on the "'. Hea rth. , by .Dlckeiisr 'Laddie 'arid MlW To osof'« ; Mission ' '
'OR At BOX; OF^ SUPERFINE FRENCH PAINTS.
t m iy HESE arc the names . of II uj
I lucky cliildren who won pricta*
i in the puzzle contest — the Names
| of Maces In the United -states
r A ' Worth Visiting: — publish*.-.! in
The Sunday Call of December 27:
San\ Young, 4118 Twenty-fourth
street, San Francisco; Gr^ce Greer,
4122 Twenty-fourth street, San Fran
cisco: James Greer. 4122 Twenty- fourth
street. San Francisco; Earl Wohler.
3376 Twenty-third street. San Fran
cisco; Selma Frazier, 2931 K street. Sac
ramento; J. B. Frazier, Goat Island;
Leo Kasten. 507 Oak street. San Fran
cisco: Tessie Houston, >_yr.*a: Helen
Davis. 2150 "Fifteenth street. San Fran
cisco; Coralin Jaeot, 510 Mission street.
San Rafael; Jack Cushing. Ciockett;
Florence Palmeton. 2740 Fllbi-rt street,
San Francisco; Josie Gallicran, 217^4
Eighth street, San Francisco: Florence
Churchill, 860 Shrader strset. San
Francisco; Flora Flynn, 22 Octavia
street. San Francisco; Kal Curtl3. 218
Ellis street, San Francir-co; Mildred
Curtis, 918 Ellis street, San Francisco;
John Lauchlstedt, 621 Kentucky street.
Vallejo; Paul Dewey. 1525 Scott street,
San Francisco; C. Mansfield, S26 Har
rison street. San Francisco; Dorothy
Howe, 1021 Fifteenth street, San Diego;
Julius Kahn, 2712 Webster street, San
Francisco; Frank Moore, <SS Bush
street, San Francisco; Bray ton Hahn,
793 Haight street, San Francisco; Mary
Hubbaek. 2<& East San Carlos street,
San Jose; Lowell Entl^gr, 182S South
Flower street, Los Angeles; May Tay
lor, 858 Castro street/ Oakland; Amy
Horn. Georgetown; Russell Pettingill,
S23 Fifth street. Eureka; Ruth Dewey,
1525 Scott street. San'. Francisco; Lo
retta JGallagher, €04 Eddy street, San
Francisco; Carrie Voodry, 210 West
Main street^ Stockton; F. Westphal, 913
Pine street, San Francisco; Charles
Martin, 725 Laurel avenue, San Fran
cisco; Carl Callreatt, 112 Jones street,
San Francisco; John McLachlan, 527
Bryant street, Palo Alto; Ruth Wiles,
Tulare; R. Marquard, 1133 -Florida
street, San Francisco; Edgar Manning,
Taylor; H. Townsend. 671 Twenty
seventh street, Oakland ; Grace Jo? elyn,
256 Cap"p street. San Francisco; Haz«»l
Wren, ~. 2115 % ._ Howard. .. street, -San
Francisco; Laura Rlccl, 305 South Sut
ter street, Stoclttbn: Lucy Parrott,"*^65
Tenth street. Oakland: Lester Pearl
man, 150 Hickory avenue. San Fran
cisco; Hya Coleinan/ 524 Post street,
San F^riancisco; Irene Woods, t 1232
Campbelf street, Oakland; Leona Cole,
rilS'i Howard street, San Francisco;
Dorothy 'Bernhard, 8 Twenty-eighth
street. San Francisco; Charlotte Vin
cent. 1837 Lark in street, San Francisco;
Eddie Graham, 3Ct).Shotwell ctrcet, San
Francisco; Archie' Llghtbndy, ., 3521
Twentieth street, San "Francisco ;
Gladys Vezly, Modesto; Pearl Pearson,
Z29 North. First street, San' Jose; % Eu
gene Sturgis,. 2458 . Ashby "avenue,
Berkeley; Emerald t Voodry; ,210 West
Main street.' Stockton;'Frances'Robin
son, 5 Middle "street, San Francisco;
Edith Rissland. 708 . Virginia street,
Vallejo; C. Reilley, 721 Hampshire
street, San Francisco; *B. B. Campbell,
Watsonville; A. Trantner, 54$ Stockton
street, San Francisco; Camilla Hedlger,
South Pilgrim street. Stockton; Bertha
"Steffens, ISO Larkin street, San Fran
cisco; Marguerite Bell, 2010 . Sutter
street, San Francisco; P. J. Shuster, 819
WaJl street, Chico; Clara Hcey, Eu
reka: Lloyd Evans. 1635 * Page street,
San Francisco; Lee ICorvall, J-lt> Sacra
mento street, Vallejo; . LouH Norvall,
E1S Sacramento street, Vallejo; Grover
Power, Colusa; Marie Brueck, 228 South
Pilgrim street,- Stockton; Johanna
Kiedlinff.1502 Pacific avenue. Sen Fran
cisco; "Cora Pierson, S43 Joa«s street,
Can Fraadseo.
THESE ARE
THE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF DEC. 27.
THE'. SAN^FRANCISCOH:SUNDAY GALL.
NAME PUZZLES
16
Solve the Pozzle3,
Fill Out tiis Coupon
and Send It to
¦
the Fuzzlc Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Pnzzle Editor. Sunday Call.
San Francisco:
Below in their prop**** num-
bers please find my solution of
the names of Nine Different
Letters of the Alphabet repre-
sented hi this week's Name
Puzzles.
1 , '.
. 4 . * . .B~»KMB
/ • .
ft ....••.• •****« > »-..c«~«x»«a»-**«
January 10, 100-1.
Street or P. O. ;
atj
State .Z
U I win t choose for prlate
¦
\oc€ LmSX or prizes.)miredby ther > adopted * father.v; She,-;
eooslw'ithidelight as' she-puts herHiny./
arms out- for r him ¦ to • take , her T - and *
lisps v'Papa ! '.' - In ; . the > most « charming %
P,arislanr: accent :« imaginable. v.? It « : has. j
been , a source - of ,* much ; regret / to », the .
Marquis, j who < .was i married i in ~ 1 S 9 8, ;
that jhe has^had no children.;-;, '.
"Although it .seems . hardly .possible;,
that a restaurant" in ' which'a'meal - of *
meat;, vegetables and pudding can be
served atia? profit for 10 cents,* such a
place 'Will V'roon be ¦ in : London,
and ? judging \ from" the j business-like
'way <InVwhtch"- the promoters have laid
out^their; scheme/.they are sure that
th"e "venture" will be successful.,
../Miss Sharp and.Miss" .Violet Sharp of
San 'Francisco 'are; making a stay' in
London ftbTconclude their year's holi-
day. in Europe. - The Misses • Sharp
have toured:. : throughout Belgium.
Italy, Swltzprland.and Germany, spent
a considerable amount of time in Nor
way and;- Sweden* and France, only
leaving 'I Paris . to * come 'to London.
These. holiday",. makers are now about
to start" forrhome,'. calling a few days
at New York "en route.
THE DUCHESS OF^ CONNAUGHT -AND HER;TWO- DAUGHTERS, PRINCESSES MARGARET -AND PATRICIA.
WHO, HAVE MADE' AN INTIMAT^COMPANION OF MRS. "JACK" LESLIE, AN 'AMERICAN GIRL AND
• . A-SISTEROF.MRS.^GEdRGE^CORNWALLIS WEST./ ' -/,--;?-f};\~ A>\- V.; - ]
daughter of a poverty-stricken French
mother, to whom the Marquis _ has
paid a good round sum for all parental
rights in the dark-eyed beauty. .Little
Marie will never know. her real par
ents. She has changed her surround
ings as entirely as did Cinderella from
the fireside rags to ballroom glories.
Her course linen smock has been re
placed by garments" of the finest spun
silk, her wee bed Is a marvel of ivory,
covered and curtained with rich silk.
Her bath and toilet tools are' all of
chased silver, so are allthe dishes-in
which . are served the, nursery meals.'
A whole suite of ' servants attend : to
the wants of the fairy princess, wh<v
however, manifests some. discontent as
to one or two matters pf the new re
gime. She dislikes the too-frequent
scented baths, and kicks her dimpled
limbs, against the silver' sides im
patiently.- She also disapproves of the
twice-a-day visits of the professional
manicurist, and the frequent changing
of the priceless laces- and silk's that
enwrap her small, form Is .often",the
occasion of an outburst of baby rage.
But all is forgotten when, .with ; her
court/of attendants about her,, she Is
borne in state to be caressed and ad-
¦ PARIS, Jan. 9. — Correspondent
called by appointment upon Bartholdi.
the famous sculptor, who gave to New
York the colossal statue of Liberty
Enlightening the World, at his fine
villa, comprising studio and home,
with a garden and rear court. No. 82
Rue d'Assas. on the left bank of the
river Seine.
' The ; artist, now in his seventieth
year. Is suffering from a complication
of ailments, but his eye Is still bright,
his* mind is clear and he does light
work daily himself in addition to di
recting others.
Bartholdi said that he is always
cherishing as his favorite idea the
turning of Bedloe's Island into a sort
of National American Pantheon, girted
¦with "the statues of those who have
contributed to their country's fame —
with Washington, Lafayette and other
famous generals, perhaps, as a central
group.
He would also have the bodies of all
the Presidents removed to Bedloe'3
Island, and would have a comprehen
sive museum of national relics estab
lished.
He believes that such a spot would
prove a mecca for all- Americans, in
stilling patriotism into the yotrag.
The correspondent inquired about
the project attributed to him for light
ing Montmartre with a lofty pillar to
which he had planned to attach an
electric balloon.
"The press has mixed up two of my
projects." Bartholdi smilingly, ex
plained. "Some years ago when back
of Montmartre was a great plain. I
suggested the idea in question, but
since the Church of the Sacred Heart
. has been built that plan »i3 no longer
necessary.' The papers have con
founded the old idea with my present
work on a monument in honor of the
dced3 of the aeronauts during the
siege of Paris and to the heroes of the
mail and telegraph service of ta« tune
•noclu " •'' •
Sculptor Bartholdi's
Dream of Liberty
Island.
WOULD MAKE
A PANTHEON
OF BEDLOES
LONDON*. Jan. 3. — Mrs. "Jack"
L*sli«, who was Leonie Jerome, sister
of Mrs. George CornwalHs West (Lady
Randolph Churchill), has captivated
a place of prime importance in the
.family of the Duke of Connaught, the
King's brother. Since the Durbar, and
largely because of it, Mrs. Leslie has
l>een practically lady-in-waiting to the
Duchess of Connaught, and the favor
ite chaperon of the pretty Connaught
girls — Princesses Margaret and Patricia
— the first American woman to come
8'j close to the royal family. Ever
since the return from India, Mrs. Les
lie has lunched with the Duchess in
the unconventional outings her Royal
Highness likes so well, and people at
Prince's and the Carlton have grown
accustomed to see the two together.
While en shopping expeditions the
Duchess win have none other than
"Mrs. Leslie with her. The young
Princesses also demand much of the
American lady's time. At the .Stafford
House concert (when th»» Duchess of
Sutherland loaned her historic home
¦ tot charity) the daughters of the
Duke Fat one on cither side of Mrs.
Leslie.
STORY TELLING THE SECRET.
Mrs. Leslie has accomplished all
this by telling good stories. The Duke
•and Duchess are said to have voted
her the most amusing woman in Eng
land. Sh» is sometimes rather daring,
but on the whole her frit Is considered
charmingly light and wholesome. Un
til now, Mrs. Leslie has been thrown
somewhat into shadow by the fame of
Lady Randolph Churchill, but not
even Lady Randolph can approach
her now. Nor yet Mrs. Moreton
Frewen, the third daughter of that
historic New York lady known in days
long gone by as "Mamma Jerome."
This title clung to the indefatigable
old lady until her three daughters suc
cessively took up their homes In Eng
land.
Mrs. Leslie Is not blessed with such
a share of beauty as has made the
now Mrs. Cornwallis West famous, al
though she has fine eyes and a dark
rich coloring. tShc fully understands^
that h^r tongue is her fortune. She
talks about her gift for story-telling
tnd general conversation as a musi
cian discusses the technique of his
I-erformance. She is reported to have
Baid, "Oh, I've brought home enough
jrood stories from the Durbar to last
me two years!" Now that she and
Mr. Leslie have been summoned to
Ireland, an Englishman observed in
my hearing: "The next thing we hear,
America will be talking about Mrs.
Leslie as the Vice Commandress-in-
Chief of Ireland. There's almost as
much reason for such a title as for the
curious one of Vicereine conferred on
Lady Curzon."
MISTAKEN FOR DUCHESS.
All this greatness so recently thrust
tspon Mrs. Leslie was the result of
Etrong liking on the part of the Con
r.aughts for her. But an accident
gave the opportunity to the man
nhoni the King calls his "immaculate
brother," to do the thrusting'. He
went out to India with a certain aid
de-camp who fell ill. Some one had
to take his place. "Jack" Leslie, a
civilian, contrary to all custom, did
the taking rather than an army man.
While in India, Mrs. Leslie was again
and again thought to be the Duchess
cf Connaught. Frequently her Royal
Highness insisted that the delusion be
kept up. Qn one occasion, she told
Airs. Leslie to mimic her, just to help
".the delusion along, which she did with
erusto.
As the Duke and Duchess of Marl
borough couldn't call their huge new
London mansion Marlborough House
— that being the name'of the resi
dence of the Prince of Wales — they
have taken the next best available
name :n the choice of Sunderland.
The daughter and heiress of the first
fcnd great Duke of Marlborough mar
ried the Earl of Sunderland, who thus
became the ancestor of the present
Duke. If he chose, the husband of
Consuclo Vanderbiit could call himself
the Earl of Sunderland. as well as
I-*a ron Spencer; Baron Churchill and
Prince of Mindelheim in Suabia. An
other of his titles he has conferred by
• ourtesy on his small heir, who bears
the name of Marquis of Blandford.
Sanucrland House, which is at last
finished, bo far as the exterior goes,
h?.s yet much to be desired in the way
of interior decorations, and was not
ready for occupancy on January 1, as
the Duchess had hoped.
HOXBLHGHtrS LONDON* HOUSE.
I hear that architects* plans have
act.ua.lly been drawn in detail for the,
London house of the Duke of Rox-,'
burghe, and that the promise that it
will be even more palatial than the
Marlborough-Vanderbilt mansion is to
be ke^t to the letter. But it will take
fully two years to build it, and in the
meantime the Goelet Duchess will
have to play second fiddle to the Van
derbilt Duchess as a London hostess.
A new American and English club
has just been started in Brussels, vice
the old "English Club," which died of
inanition some two years ago. The
new group is to be called the "Union,"
as fitting all nationalities. E. M. Enr
lich. barrister of Chicago, is responsi
ble for the inception of the club, hav
ing with untiring energy called It like
a iihenix from the ashes, and is one
of th* committee. Colonel R. Hes
k**th of the English Indian army Is the
chairman. All officers are elected for
• ine year. The club will establish it
self at Wiltcher's Hotel, Boulevarde
Waterloo, where new premises are be-
Ing prepared for it. American visitors
under-offlcials of the office to boss the
office boy and the minor clerks, and
they resented this liberty with their
authority. They sent a delegation to
the Duke and told him that he must
confine himself to his own part of the
work in the establishment. In conse
quence, the Duke has abandoned his
democratic ideas and the old dignified
style of time-wasting has been re
stored. Having succeeded in remov
ing one grievance, the permanent offi
cials are now satisfied to wait for the
removal of his Grace to a higher office
•before they agitate for more favorable
terms. It is noticed that the Duke is
taking things much easier than he did
at the beginning, when he used to
work eight or ten hours a day — some
times even more.
\* MARQUIS' ADOPTED CHILD.
The most noble Marquis of Angle
sey has- made a new Investment, of
which news has not yet reached the
English papers. Play-acting has long
been the favorite pastime of the,Mar
quis, who at the present moment with
his company is engaged in going the
round of a number of towns in the
United Kingdom, where he performs
* his favorite roles and gives the money
bo obtained to charity. As t is well
known, the Marquis also derives much
satisfaction from the possession of in
numerable jewels and gems of the
first water. "With these distributed
about his person, he has been" In the'
habit of dazzling the eyes of his re
tainers and neighbors at Anglesey
Castle, and of the audiences at his
theatrical performances. Xow, how
ever, the Marquis has come into.pos
session of a Jewel that ! eclipses all the
others. The new acquisition is a little,
girl three years of age. She is the
to Brussels will be able to join as tem
porary members. -'•'•:
A3IERICAX SCOUT'S RECORD.
Major F. R. Burnham, the American
scout, a record of whose adventures
would make one of the most exciting
books ever penned, has just returned
to London from another difficult ex
pedition to East Africa — this time
through the East Africa Protectorate
and Uganda to the borders of the
Congo Free State, penetrating: about
a thousand miles and exploring much
territory that has never before seen a
white man. The major was accom
panied by several hundred blacks, and
twenty white men, three of , whom died
of fever, and six were invalided home.
The most interesting result of the
expedition was the discovery of a lake
of about forty-nine square miles com
posed almost entirely of pure carbon-,
ate of soda, forming a, snow-like crust
so thick that the party walked across
on it. In some places the chemical is
solid clear through to the ground. It
is the largest deposit of the kind that,
has ever been found. The lake is fed
by mineral springs carrying soda in
solution, and the deposit is formed by
the evaporation of the water under
the burning equatorial sun. In years
to come when the Inevitable railroads
run through Uganda, this chemical
lake will doubtless be of enormous
value, but at present it is one of na
ture's inviolable reserve funds. •
An active volcano was found at
Lake Rudolph, and severed others
which were busily spouting mud and
steam were seen.
Major Burnham was accompanied
as far as the uplands' of Nawasha by
Mrs. Burnham, who is also a Califor
nian; and by their 5-year-old son
Bruce, who distinguished himself on
one occasion by spending seven hours
In the paddle.
MARLBOROUGH'S ENERGY.
Alas, the Duke of Marlborough has
slowed up! As second in command at
the Colonial Office under Joseph
Chamberlain, he set forth to be as
energetic as his chief: and was the
wonder of ail Downing street But
when Ilr. Chamberlain left office to
lead the tariff _ fight, .the- Yanderbilt'
son-in-law became tangled in red
tape. According to my Informant, the
Duke began office by hustling hjs sub
ordinates, imposing extra duties upon
them and keeping the merest office
boy under his ducal eye. The hum
blest clerk would be summoned into
his Grace's presence for the most
trifling cause. Xow, it had always
been the privilege of the permanent
Duchess of Connaught, the King's Sister
in-Law, and the American Girl
Are Now Inseparable.
MRS. "JACK" LESLIE, BY HER WIT AND CLEVER STORY TELLING,
WINS HER WAY TO THE INNER CIRCLES OF THE ROYAL FAMILY
Pages 17 6)^0
Pages 17 to 20
SAN FRANCISCO, ,; SUNDAY, JANUARY' 10, 1904.from the "hill." The clubhouse was
radiant with flags and fir branches that
breathed of the sweet smelling forest.
The following folk enjoyed the fun: Mr.
and Mrs. A. Starr Heeler, Mr. and Mrs.
Lester Herrick, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Gunn, Mr. and Mrs. Frank B. Findley;
Lieutenant Hawes, U. S. A.: Mrs.
Hawes, Mr. and Mrs. William Grant
Morrow; taptain Cloke, U. S. A.; Mrsi
Cloke, Mr..and-Mrs. Bruce Bonny, Mr;
and Mrs. L. M. HIckman, Mrs. Gaston
Ashe/ Miss Edith Findley, Miss Grace
Martin, Miss" Constance Borrowe, Mrs.
Watkins, Mrs." W.' i Z. Tiffany. Miss
Shepard, . Miss _ Lomia. Miss : Gertrude
Wheeler, Miss Cornelia Campbell, Miss
Marjorie Gibbons ( Miss Agnes Buchan
an, Miss Etelka Williar. the Misses
Hamilton, Miss Mabel Gunn, Miss
Zelda Tiffany, Miss Mabel Watkins, T.
C. Van Ness Jr., Robert Baird, Hillyer
Deuprey. W. ; R. Harrison, J. C. Beedy,
Winslow Beedy, Harry Williar, H. Clay
Miller; Lieutenant Clarence Carrigan,
U- S, A.; Lieutenant Abbott, U.S. A.;
• • - • .. *
Mrs. Norris King Davis was the
guest of Mrs. Horace Davis last week,
On Thursday afternoon Mrs. John
Swift. Mrs. Norris . and . Miss Helen
Bailey held their first day at home,
arid hosts of friends called to pay their
homage to the dainty debutante, Miss
Bailey. Those whcK assisted in receiv
ing were Miss Elizabeth Miss
Mabel Toy, Miss Frances Harris, Miss
Florence. Colei Mfss Marian "Hunting
ton,'Miss Helen Murison,31iss Katha
rine Self ridge and Miss . Margaret Pos
tlethwaite, nearly all of whom are de
butantes—those feted maids whose
reign, alas! covers but: one brief year —
and then,* behold, another, batch. , But
while they hold the scepter theirireign
is absolute. ' r ¦'¦ \ ¦- _•: ¦
• ' • ••
Lieutenant George Gunn, Edward
Gunn, Dr. Brechemin, U. S. A.: Allyn
Miller, Herbert Jones, John Polhemus,
Southard Hoffman. Jack Hoffman, Wil
berforce Williams and Frank Jones.
THREE LADIES WHO ARE AT PRESENT CONSPICUOUS IN SOCIETY
. — A PRETTY FIANCEE. A CHARMING CLUB WOMAN AND A
MUCH ENTERTAINED VISITOR I ROM HONOLULU. •
. That was a Jolly leap year affair
given at Sausalito by the clever girls
Therefore it looks as If the links were
in future to be linked to the Ninth Cav
alry*and its successors for its equine
scampers over the green. However, it
is said In extenuation of Uncle Sam
uel's martial men that the golfers took
up the ground with the understanding
that they would pick up stakes when
requested to do so by the military.".
That was a terrible shock adminis
tered by the new commanding officer of
the Presidio, Major John . Bigelow Jr.,
to the golf devotees when he announced
that he liked the looks of the links for
a drilling ground for the .Ninth Caval
ry. Then there was hurrying and scur
rying hither and thither, with mes
sages, petitions, inquiries, etc., but the
reassurances that came weren't even a
little bit reassuring. t
The retirement of Lieutenant Gen
eral S. B. M. Young on the 9th may
bring: him back to California, where his
daughter, Mrs. John Read, resides.
Ord Barracks, in Monterey, has been
her home for some time, and the advent
of Young in the cantonment
would stir things up a bit.
He is to be assisted by three perfectly
lovely debutante lieutenants, who will
wear —let's see— stunning uniforms of
blue. Yes, that's it, and they will brew
the tea, too. But! secretly, I have heard
that the "tea" will be served from "a
punch bowl. Oh, what a Joyful sur
prise that will be!
charming Lieutenant Victor Lewis to
the ladies of the post and some girls
from town.
Mrs. Grayson ' Dutton on Monday
gave a luncheon at the St. Dunstan.
Violets and pink roses— the loveliest
combination of colors in nature
graced the table. The following la
dies were entertained: Mrs. Charles
Klndleberger, ' Mrs. William Llndsley
It la only a few moons since the
eldest daughter,' Maud, occupied the
center of the stage as the engaged
maiden.
The lodestars of the function were
of course the fascinating Miss Mabel
Cluff and her fortunate fiance. Jack
Wilson, business man. bon vivant and
raconteur. ' \ '¦
Mr. and Mrs. William Cluff gave a
dinner on Friday- night at the Pal
ace, where covers were laid for
thirty-four guests. It was a very
smart affair. .
In the near -future the following
women will entertain at the Univer
sity Club, j which seems to grow In
popularity: Miss Susan Blanding, Mrs.
Philip Clay and Mrs. Ritchie Dunn.
There is, unquestionably, an "air"
about the big white boxy building that
is quite alluring— is it the redolent
air of the masculinity?
Miss Maud O'Connor entertained at
a delightful luncheon at the Univer
sity Club on Thursday. This clever
young woman has never been guilty of
giving aught but interesting affair's.
Charles de Yoilng's chum from
Harvard, another Charles — Charles
Shea— of the famous football family
of Sheas, has become immensely pop
ular during his visit. He must rather
dislike leaving so delightful an en
vironment and so many bewitching
girls for the classic shades of Har
vard. . However, he may. be lured
back to the Golden Gate again. Who
knows?
Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs. Ira Pierce,
Mrs. James . Otis, Mrs. Bradford
Leavitt, Mrs. E. B. Pond, Mrs. Arthur
L. Whitney. Mrs. A. B. Ford. Mrs.
Horace Hill. Mrs. Willis Davis, Mrs.
James Hogg, Mrs. Charles E. Green,
Mrs. George Shreve, Mrs. Earle E.
"Brownell, Mrs. Norris, Miss Ella Mor
gan, Miss Ruth McNutt, Miss Mary
josselyn. Miss Genevieve King, Mis3
Beaver and Miss Linda Cadwallader.
' • « .
when the house was thrown open to
friends of the hostess, that they
might meet the bride of her son.
Mrs. NorriB* King Davis Is a stun
ning young woman, always conspicu
ously, well-gowned, and at this affair
looked especially smart In a white
cloth robe.
The following ladles received with
the hostess:
Mr. and Mrs. Denis Searles silently
stole off to the Orient to enjoy their
honeymoon under the bamboo tree.
They sailed on the Siberia,
Mrs. George Boardman was at home
on Tuesday and was assisted by her
sister. Mrs. Tompkins, and her niece
Mrs. Brown of New York. The girls
who called looked like a Hock of snow
birds In their white gowns. Pretty?
More than that! y
Some of Mrs. Morffew's late gowns
have been conspicuously beautiful no
tably an imported affair of black creDe
and white Irish crochet.
t>, M ?K, ThOmaS Morffew w »> be at home
the third Wednesday of this month at
her residence, 1725 Pine street.
As one of the most popular women in
clubdom and society Mrs. Morffew will
undoubtedly entertain a large number
of ladies.
One of the most popular women in
club and society circles is Mrs. Henry
Payot. president of the Forum Club.
At Mrs. Adams' notable luncheon at
the university Mrs. Payot was con
spicuous among the many handsomely
gowned women and there assuredly
were many.
The wedding will take place about tha
middle of the month of February and
the young couple will make their fu
ture home in San Francisco.
The engagement of Miss A. Adeline
Smith, daughter of Mrs. J. A. Smith of;
this city, to John A. Percy, the popular
attorney, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. A,
Percy of Alameda, afforded society a
pleasant little surprise. Miss Smith Is
a beauty of the Junoesque type, with
hests of ardent admirers. The fortu
nate young man is prominent in legal
circles and has already won excep
tional recognition and success in hi3
profession, having been a member of
the legal firm of Pierson & Mitchell
until its dissolution and having been
for a number of years identified with
large corporate enterprises.
What a fine style Miss Charlotts
Russell, fiancee of Clement Tobin.
possesses! She wears a gray tailor
gown of long lines, close-fitting, and
a pale blue flat hat wreathed in pink
roses. Stunning? More than that —
she is beautiful besides. Lucky girl!
Spencer, Miss Edna Middletoa, Miss
Genevieve Huntsman. Mrs. Thomaa
Benton Darragh, Mrs. Gerritt L.
Lansing. Miss Gertrude Dutton, Miss
Etelka Williar, Miss Mayllta Pease.
Miss Elizabeth Cole and Miss Agnes
Buchanan.
A notable function is to take place
to-day within the martial precincts of
the Presidio, and it Is to be none other
than a leap 'year tea, given' by the
The wedding is to be a very brilliant
affair, some 1500 invitations having
been issued. The ceremony will be
performed at the navy yard. New York
City, January 15.
Mr. Tricou is the son of Henry P
Trico«, the well-known notary of this
city, and Is highly connected, has been
paymaster on the United States moni
tor Nevada for nearly a year and is
very popular both at his home In San
Francisco and In the naval 'set at Nor
folk, Va., where he has been stationed
for some months. •
The bride will be attended by six
bridesmaids. Paymaster Lemley of the
United States monitor Arkansas will be
best man. ,
Miss Colhoun comes from one of the
best families of Virginia. Her home is
in Philadelphia, although she has trav
eled abroad extensively for a number
of years.
Word comes from the East of the
approaching wedding pf Paymaster
Eugene Hermann Tricou, U. S. N., and
Miss Sarah Randolph Colhoun, daugh
ter of Pay Director and Mrs. Samuel
Reed Colhoun, U. S. N.
The following ladies were guests of
the charming Mrs. Costigan: Mrs.
Henry Foster Dutton, Mrs. Ritchie
Dunn, Mrs. Alfred Baker Spalding. Mrs.
John D. Spreckels Jr., Mrs. Silas Pal
mer, Miss Charlotte Ellinwood, Miss
Lucia Kinc. Miss Margaret Mee, Miss
Bertha Dolbeer. Miss Katharine Dillon
Miss Emily Wilson, Miss Genevieve
King, Miss Gertrude Dutton, Miss
Edith Simpson, Miss Ethel Cooper and
Miss Helen de Young.
The table was laden with yellow Jon
quils, eo popular now at smart New
York functions.
Mrs. A. B. Costigan gave a luncheon
on Thursday at the St. Dunstan in
honor of her visitor. Miss Margaret
Wilson of Baltimore, who leaves for
her home on the 14th.
The young ladies were entertained by
Miss Eleanor Haber, the monologist,
who really succeeded in getting In a
few clever things during the merry
chatter. "Chatter?" Your pardon! Chat.
That's it.
Mrs. Mark L. Gerstle was hostess at
a luncheon. on Thursday in honor of
Miss Constance* de Young. Violets
were banked prodigally upon the table
at which sat the following maidens
who had covered themselves with
glory as they trod the De Young st,age
in "My Colorado Belle"; Miss Ethyl
Hager. Miss Pearl Landers. Miss Helen
Wagner. Miss Mabel Cluff, Miss Helen
de Young, Miss Jane Wilshlre, Miss
Ardella Mills and Miss Frances Stew
art.
What a whirling, twirling time Mrs.
Harry Macfarlane of Honolulu is hav
ing. As the beloved Polly Dunn, she
was feted perhaps more than any other
girl of her set; and h«>r pre-nuptlal en
tertainments were really bewildering.
It has often been a" wonder to me how
engaged girls escape vertigo, attending
eo furiously on teas, receptions and
other dissipations, but they do, don't
they? ¦ Perhaps 'tis the virility of
youth that saves them. The following
functions planned for next week in
Mrs. Macfarlane's honor are a lunch
eon by Mrs. Christian Rels and Miss
Frances Harris, on the 14th. Mrs. Wil
liam L. Spencer a tea on January 15,
and Miss Gertrude Palmer a tea on
January 16, while Miss May Colburn
entertained t for her on Thursday.'
Wanda Brastow, 'Miss Ruth Merrill,
Charles Holbrook, Miss Lucy King,
Miss Edna Dickens, Charles Tripler,
Ralph Merrill. Charles Merrill,
Joseph King, Herbert Mee and Isaac
Upham.
What will "the Hutch" do without
Denis Searles? Adopt Mrs. Searles,
quite probably. There are some wo
men—not many, 'tis true — that can un
derstand men and fraternize with
them without parting with their femi
ninity — which all men admire, yea,
even more than Intelligence or beauty.
The following guests were present at
the wedding ceremony: Mr." and Mrs.
Homer King: Mr. and Mrs. John F.
Merrill, Mr. and Mrs. John S. Merrill,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Bates, Mr. and
Mrs. Silas Palmer, Mr. and Mrs. James
B. Stetson, Miss Gertrude Bates, M|ss
Genevieve King, Mr. and Mrs. Muscol
Garcett, Miss Helen Spading, Miss
The distinctly important feature of
the week was the Ayers-Searles nup
tials. The affair was celebrated at
home, but it possessed all the salient
features of a church wedding. It is
said that Mrs. Searlcs was one of the
most winsome brides of the season—
which Is really saying a great deal, In
asmuch as there have been so many
charming brides up to date.
Sitting as we are on the right hand
of the continent, with men and women
of note passing through our gates to
and from the Orient, the day is near
¦when we must expand socially, even as
we have commercially — for In all lands
one follows the other as the night the
day. And if we would repel social tor
pidity in our smart set a welcome must
be extended to the wanderers from
abroad — they, of course, who come
with the right kind of passports.
Now in London, Paris, Vienna, Dres
den, Rome, Florence and other Euro
pean centers, it is at the salon of some
social leader — and often at a Sunday
E&lon— that the stranger is entertained
and presented. And with his new
ideas and new impressions the conver
sation is freshened and fertilized; and
where a clever, tactful, versatile
hostess is at the helm dullness and its
progeny, ennui, are impossible.
Another advantage we possess — here
we are with one of the largest army
posts in the country Just around the
corner, and likewise within sound of
the sunset gun of an Important naval
station. Here is a fecundity that few
other American cities share with us.
And what a leaven to a social function
is a bunch of gajiy caparisoned offi
cers! And let it be said in truth that
their charm is not all in the glitter of
braid and brass, but in that which lies
in their manly heads and hearts.
Besides these various facilities for
the establishment of a salon— and there
are many more — there is not in any
city of its size a larger number of
beautiful homes suited to entertaining
than are located in our city. There is
the Flood mansion, the old Phelan
home, the De Your.g place, the Parrott
place, the Spreckels palace and scores
of others far too numerous to mention,
from beneath whose vaulted domes the
intelligent hospitality of San Francisco
would become a thing of renown.
And as for the women who could lead
in such affairs as to render social life
a genuine joy — rather than a cheerful
sorrow — there are scores of them. And
the inanities, the ostentations and the
hollowness that now prevail would
give way to sane sayings, sane amuse
ments and some real pleasures.
Let us hope for the success of the
San Francisco salon. Here's to It!
There are gathered here upon our
hillsides coteries of men and women
from the artistic and literary centers
of Europe, drawn to our shores by the
charms that are ours by gift of God.
and of a part with the allurements of
their own lands. And these besides
our own clever people who play and
sing and paint.
No other city on Uncle Samuel's ros
ter outside of New Orleans, New York
and Washington is so admirably adapt
ed for the establishment of the salon
as our City by the Golden Gate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10, 1904.
SMART SET TENDING TOWARD THE SALON
18Prince Orders Army Disbanded.
MONTE CARLO, • Jan. 9. — The
Prince of Monaco Is setting an ex
ample in disarmament to Europe. Ho
has ordered that his army of eighty
men be disbanded permanently. Their
only duties have been to drill once a
week and to present arms whenever
the Prince happened to come to Mon
aco, and such honors proved too cost
ly. The Prince will allow the men to
be employed as croupiers and occupy
themselves with roulette balls Instead
of rifle balls.
Xew Crown for the Pope.
ROME. Jan. 9.— The Pope has re
ceived the committee organized for
the celebration of the Jubilee of the
Immaculate conception and has ex
pressed his gratification at being In
formed that. Catholics all over the
world will join In the celebration. The
Osservatore Romano states that on
the occasion of the, jubilee a crown of
diamonds, obtained by public sub
scription, will ' be presented to the
Pope for the purpose of solemnly
crowning the statue of the immacu
late virgin in St. Peter's. The cost of
the crown will be at least 9100.000.
MONKS WILL MAKE
CORDIALS IN* SPAIN"
Plans AJrcndy on Foot to , Establish
Distilleries for Maklne
Chartreuse.
ROME. Jan. 9. — As a result of th«
expulsion of the religious orders from
France, the Carthusian monks, whose
principal industry at Grenoble was the
making of the famous cordial called
chartreuse, which brought them an
income of nearly, * 500.0 00 a year, have
recently bought for $800,000 the an
cient monastery of Farneta. near Lu
cia, including 400 acres of ground. It
is their intention to establish t>.e head
quarters of the order in this, monas
tery and extensive rep; " -s and new
buildings are contemplated.
The manufacture of the famous
liqueur, however, which is at present
suspended, will be re-established «/
Spain, where the only Carthuf.n
monk who is now in possession of i a
secret of fabrication has been ttry
with six others to continue the mar
facture of the same liqueurs under at. 1 ,
other name, as the old label is the
property of the French Government.
A suggestive coincidence in con
nection with the terrible theater fire
in Chicago is the appearance of an
article in this month's Theater Mag
azine, entitled "Are Our Theaters
Safe?" Written before the colossal
disaster In Chicago, the paper deals
with the safety of the actors and the
ater goers in New York in case of fire
or panic, the writer's (Harry P. Maw
son) conclusions being the reverse of
reassuring to the playgoer. Mr. Maw
son's facts are startling and grewsome
and before we can thank God our lo
cal theaters are not as these much
will have to*be done. Here is an
extract from Mr. Mawson's most timely
protest:
"The laws governing the construc
tion of theaters in the State of New
York are most stringent and adequate
for the safety of the theater-going
public,* provided that the theater is of
recent date, but there are at least
eight prominent theaters in active
operation to-day in New York City, to
say nothing of Brooklyn, which are
nightly a menace to the public and the
licensing of which must take some ex
traordinary political 'pull' to secure.
One of these has a stage , entrance
down a flight of cellar stairs from an
adjoining street with all the dressing
rooms for the actors underground.
The place has one stairway to the bal
cony and the 'gallery gods' take wing
down a side entrance to- the building
from Broadway. Another theater
which adjoins a prominent hotel Is
practically • upstairs and the aisles
barely accommodate one person to
pass at a time. The rows of seats are
so shockingly close together that as
the auditor sits in his place, his knees
and his nose are In such close proxim
ity to each other that he has the back
ache if not the stomachache, before
the end of the first act of any play.
Should a panic, occur In this theater
only a football player could get out
alive. Still another theater is upstairs
and has one solitary flight of winding
stairs down which the entire audience
must plunge in time of panic, to meet
another flight of steps before reaching
the street. It is well known that
winding stairways are a deadly source
of danger in time of panic. One more
theater, originally built as a music
hall, has a stage which is below the
level of the street, to reach which the
actor descends what is called a stair
way, but which is nothing, short of a
narrow steep ladder. What the pow
ers that be had on their minds when
they. passed this construction, would
furnish an interesting item to the
cause of 'graft. uprooting' and munic
ipal reform. However, her.ef the au
dience is reasonably safe, so the poor
factor and the stage hands 'be
danyied.* A popular theater, facing
on Broadway, has a rotten wooden
stairway In an old building by which
these whose income admits of 50 cents
for a seat must enter from the street
Other theaters are overcrowded as to
seating capacity. Nothing is of more
vital importance In a theater than
wide aisles, stairways, roomy seating
arrangements, numerous ""exits, fire ex
tinguishers, hose lines, sprinklers over
TALKS OF DANGERS
IN MANY OF NEW
YORK'S THEATERS
VICEROY OF IRELAND
PLA\*S SANTA CLAUS
Distinguished Official Contributes to
Entertainment of the Poor
of Dublin.
DUBLIN. Jan. 9. — Before leaving
for Rockingham, his place In County
Roscommon, to spend Christmas.
Viceroy Dudley, accompanied by the
Countess, went on an extended tour
through the poorer quarters of Dublin
and distributed right and left good
sized parcels of tea, plum pudding,
turkeys, beef and tobacco. In cases
where people were behindhand in
their rent Lord Dudley presented gold
pieces to help make good the de
ficiency.
In one instance a poor woman sob
blngly admitted that the reason she
had little or no furniture was that
piece by piece It had gone . to the
pawnshop. • owing to want of work-
Lord Dudley induced her to show him
the pawntickets and gave her enough
money to redeem them.
The Earl and the Countess, who
were unknown to the recipients of
their bounty, were both deeply moved
by the wretchedness brought under
their notice. .' >,.
A week of exceptional interest at the
theaters begins to-night at the Colum
bia with the first local production of
Ibsen's "Ghosts." among the most
powerful work of the author. As in
"The PillarB^or Sopiety." "The Doll's
House," the*"pfayTvrlght is again at
tacking existing social conditions with
*for his stern text: "The sins of the
fathers ;_ shall descend .upon' the chil
dren." J Purely pathological as is the
theme, . its deYeloprrfent is highly "dra
matic. The drama is in the hands of
five people only: Mrs. Alving, the
mother of the idiot son of a degener
ate husband; Oswald, the son. doomed
to hopeless idiocy — the play shows him
in the shadow and clutch of it — -for the
sins of his father; Iieglna Engstrand,
illegitimate daughter of.Alvins, as Is
later shown, with whom Oswald is in
love, a woman of splendid physique
and uncertain morality; Jacob Eng
strand, her supposed father, and Par
son Manders, who suggests a combined
Pecksniff and Urla:i Heep.
The scenes take place within the nar
row walls of a Norwegian cottage, the
play depending wholly for its interest
.upon the somber drama involving these
five people. Problem play it is, its
gloom wholly unrelieved, its thrill of
pure pain. Its people almost wholly re
pulsive, yet with a lesson unescapable
and making powerfully for righteous
ness. Mrs. Alving, /nut like Nora in
"The Doll's House," has stayed with
the husband she justly despises, more.
In line with the Parson Manders theol
ogy, has become mother of his child.
The problem posed is self-evident, and
though Ibsen avoids answer his moral
is not to be evaded.
Alberta Gallatln, of whom one hears
good things, is to Interpret the difficult
part of Mrs. Alving. Clans Boyd, who
did leading roles with Mrs. Fiske, is to
.have the role of Oswald. The others uf
the company are. John Ravold, Allen
Davenport and Rose Curry. There will
be only one performance.
Very different will the Columbia's bill
on Monday evening be. when Mrs.
Langtry, the ever-famous Jersey Lily,
will present a new comedy, "Mrs. Deer
ing's Divorce." The actress is said to
have an uncommonly good medium in
her new play, that depends neither
upon the apotheosizeu gown nor the
social prestige of its wearer, for its
success. - Mrs. Langtry s last local ap
pearance was in 1886, and, then only
an indifferent actress, she has since be
come an accomplished comedienne She
is still, beautiful, and her coming will
doubtless be of conspicuous Interest to
theatergoers. She will be supported by
members of the Imperial Theater ,(her
own)- of London, and it goes without
saying will have a galaxy of gowns.
Next comes the Tivoli, with the first
production of light opera In the new
house, the Stange Edwardes
opera, "When Johnny Comes March
ing Home." The occasion will be 'the
local, premiere of the work, and will
doubtless be of considerable attract
ive power. The story is military, and
the opera is said" to afford the* ' ex
cellent company the Tivoli has gath
ered together a good opportunity.
The Alcazar will have "The Moth and
Next Fischer's, with - a new bur
lesque, , entitled "The BeautyShop."
Again the patriotic . proprietors have
gone in for encouraging local genius,
"The Beauty Shop" being, from the
pen of a local newspaper man, • Mr.
J. C. Crawford, the music by a San
Franciscan composer. The thing
promises to be very f.unny, and has
been amply rehearsed and lavishly
mounted by the -management. Miss
Helen Russell, the new leading
woman, and John Peachey, who suc
ceeds Winfleld' Blake, will both make
their first bow at Fischer's in the new
show. ¦ '-.'.. BHBfiflSBi
"You will not see her." my editor
warned, as I hopefully suggested Patti
as the subject of my chat for the 'week.
"I'm afraid you will no.t see her,"
Marcus Mayer. Patti's urbane repre
sentative, prophesied.
But would I not! I who — but
wherefore the recital of that pride
that goeth before a fall!
"At any rate, there is the baron" —
I suggested.
Of course there was the baron, not
the rose, but very near the rose, the
Baron Cederstrom, the youthful Swede
who succeeds Nicolini, and the Mar
quis de Caux. And so, armed with
a letter of introduction to the baron,
and with the brash confidence born
of long contact with the willing-to-be
interviewed. I set off for Sacramento,
there to invade Craig-y-nos. the trav
eling citadel of the queen of song.
I was not alone. At Sacramento I
met a clever confrere with an inter
view already written, awaiting only
the august approval of the lady who
could, would or should have said the
things therein contained. There was
els.o a lone representative of the capi
tal press, who had apparently neg
ated to prnvide himself with one
of these ingenious labor-saving de
vices. Apart from this Sacramento
took no more interest in the diva's
advent than in mine. For ten min
utes there she sunned her auburn head
on the back porch of Craig-y-nos with
an occasional brakeman as sole au
dience. The few stragglers at the sta
tion seemed wholly unaware that
within a few feet of them was Patti
of the incomparable voice and art,
arid — the intejviewers were busily en
gaging the baron at the other end of
the car.
It is useless to deny that my accus
tomed heart did not play an unaccus
tomed prank or two as Patti's train
swung into the station. Patti! There
is yet a big thrill in the name. Patti!
Old men> eyes gleam at the word and
women's lips are reverent. Patti! who
filched the very heart of song from its
heaven. And I was to see her. That
went without saying. I would ask this,
and this, in the five minutes I hoped
she would grant me. I would ask her
why. in her opinion, there were no
Pattis among the youthful generation
of Fingers. I would ask if she thought
that the Wagner music-drama would
prevent there being any in the next.
I would ask to what she ascribed the
phenomenal preservation of her own
•voice. I would* ajk if the present sys
tem of teaching was the system likely
to develop a Patti. I would ask if the
possible Patti were herself as sacri
ficially in earnest in her devotion to
her art as the older artists. I would
ask — but the train plunged heavily
into the station, and almost before Its
groaning ritardando had ceased, I was
aboard Craig-y-nos.
"May I see the BaroiT Cederstrom?"
I asked of a quite baronial looking
person, tall, slim and distinguished,
who stood on the. steps of the adjoin
ing car. "Or perhaps you "
"Xo," the baronial person smiled.
It is never mistaken to ascribe great
ness to the others. Yet, I thought, "I
might have known." I never yet saw
a king that looked like one, but Lau
rance d'Orsay!
The baronial person courteously
pointed me then to a gentleman
"standing in the door of Craig-y-nos.
"Ach! German!" I thought, as the
ehort and genially rotund "baron"
took my letter of introduction.
"Baron Cederstrom?" I asked.
"No," he bowed, "I will tell him you
are here," and vanished into theinner
regions of the car.
There wore by this time several
other possible barons on the steps. I
learned later Anton Hegner, the 'cell
ist; TVIlfrfd Virgo, the tenor; Signor
Sapio. the conductor; Claude A^ Cun
ningham, the barytone, and others —
all ol the little queen's suite. At last
the genuine baron appeared with my
letter in his hand. He looked worried.
"You wish — " he began.
"Five minutes* chat with the baron
ess, if I may?"
My confreres preferred hastily a
similar request.
"Impossible," the baron said with
chilly courtesy.
'Mr. Mayer thought she might give
me just five minutes — "
"She sees noMme," her husband an
nounced seriously.
He is very serious. I never met
any one quite so serious. Even Edwin
Ste\"ens himself must give place here
to the Baron Rolf Cederstrom. Evi
dently the responsibilities of his posi
tion are of ..the. serious sort and the
slender, frigid, worried gentleman
that faced us as evidently takes them
very seriously.
I was not as yet sufficiently under
the superstition of the situation, and
asked again: "Not even for a mo
ment?"
"She makes no exceptions," the
baron said then, frigidly final.
"Then, baron, may I have a little
talk with you?" I asked.
I wondered afterward* at my cour
age. Perhaps it was induced by the
delightful incongruity of the baron's
background — the Craig-y-nos coal-box
and kindling — even as thine and mine!
"Certainly," he bowed, and stood at
attention.
"Hardly here."
Then I led the way into the other
car, my Ingenious confrere meantime
informing the baron of his written-to
flt interview.
I should give Baron Cederstrom
quite the thirty-two years he has been
credited with. Not more. His" thin
nish oval face is dark and smooth but
for a small curled must he, his eyes
are dark and anxious :.: 1 set a little
too closely over the thin, hooked nose,
his slender figure tall, straight and
lithe as becomes his supposed athk: 'i
tendencies. His simple traveling suit
of gray and a Scotch cap sat easily
and becomingly upon him. He looked
less "difficile" sitting down.
"Where's Cunningham?" someone
asked here. The train was out from
Sacramento a few moments. Then
amid a chorus of laughter, it devel
oped that the adventurous Mr. Cun
ningham, barytone of the company,
had been* left to the delights of Sac
ramento.
The baron was probably too busy to
smile at this. He didn't, at any rate,
but began gravely: "What do you wish
to ask?"
"I should like to know," I began,
"just to what madame attributes
the extraordinary preservation of her
voice? To regular habits of living
and "
"Yes," the baron replied. He evi
dently thought the reply sufficient.
"Is it because of fatiguing the voice
that she refuses to be interviewed?"
••Yes," said Baron Cederstrom.
"Entirely?"
"No— she has been made to say
absurd things in the papers and so de
clines to say anything."
"Does she not find all this traveling
very tiring?"
* "She is very well."
"This is almost the end of your
tour?"
"No, only the tenth concert."
"There are fifty?"
"Forty." ;-f '
"There will be a very large house to
greet her in San Francisco."
"Ah!" the baron looked faintly in
terested. .
"I should very much like to know
the baroness* opinion of the modern
school of singing," I ventured then.
"Ah, that I can say nothing of. She
has naturally her opinion, but does not
care to be quoted. Fine weather," he
volunteered politely, looking out on
the green and gold fields spinning by,
the circlet of «.pal hills surrounding
them.
"Slightly different from your Eng
lish winter weather? But you are not
English? You speak English so well
' "No, I am a Swede."
"You may go, Baron," I said then,
after a ' little more desultory -ossip.
The 'd ea had occurred to me that other
less responsible members of the party
in the new Tivoli. "Zara," of course,
was mentioned — the signor shook his
head over the theme.
"Why add music when the dramatic
interest is so vivid as to destroy all
consciousness of the, music?" the con
ductor asked. ".You never, I am surfc,
had 'Tosca'?'— you never, I am. sure,
have heard the music at the end of
the second act." .
I was obliged to confess I could not
recall it. .
The old and new Italian opera then
came up, and with it Patti again. |
"Does she like the 'new Italian
school?'.'
"Oh,, yes. And the baroness is also
very fond of Wagner. . We often spend
whole evenings.ovec.the operas." ;..,:.+-•-
| The baron had told me that he and
the. baroness went' every season to
Bayreuth, though he ' would not say
whether or 'not she considered the'
Wagner music-drama a grateful vo
cal field. Signor Sapio, liowever, in
formed me that Patti herself sings
much of the "Tannhauser" music.
- "Does she ever practice?" I" ven
tured' then.
"Hardly ever. For ten minutes
sometimes. She sings almost- every,
day though."
"I wonder — perhaps you can tell me
— if she would be willing to answer a
few questions -"
"For example?"
"As to whether she considers the
present system of teaching singing as
good as it was in her day? Why there
are no more Pattis, Sembrichs, among
the young singers?"
"Voices are born," the signor began.
"And. made, too," I ventured.
"Jenny Lind- "
i "Oh, yes, the brain is a big, motive
force, but you must have the throat,
too. Madame Patti could not help
singing with her throat.
"Still, it seems .to me from my read
ing that vocal study was a very differ
ent thing in Patti's day from now?"
"No doubt, no doubt/" Sapio admit
ted. "I myself have had some little
experience of that." He was for four
years head of the .New York National
Conservatory vocal department. "Stu
dents, now desire to get through six
years' work in two. ..They make their
debut unprepared, the voice is ruined,
e't voila! failure all round. I think
madame \yould subscribe to that
statement."
• I sent In again my note to madame
then, and heard of her smiling over it
and my friend's "interview" at Beni
cia. It. came out later "approved."
which means that Patti believes the
few following things.^
1. That any singer, with reasonable
care, may preserve her voice as the
Patti voice has been preserved.
- 2. That regular habits of eating,
drinking, sleeping and so on, are the
first essentials. " .
3. That freedom from worry is also
imperative to the preservation of the
voice.
4. That. the older. 'Italian opera is
more grateful to the voice than either
the newer Italian school or the Wag
ner music-drama. ? /.L
5. That the modern fashion of vocal
teaching is as good as in Patti's vocal
echool days. . -;:/'¦,"'
She would not say why there were
no more Pattis, if throats, or students
were at fault, but acknowledged. deep
pleasure In coming again to San Fran
cisco, "the scene of some of my pleas
antest associations."
"At last the train swept into the
Oakland mole, and there I caught my
first glimpse of the little, lady. Three
or four porters, the hackman and a
few newspaper folk shared it with me.
With-a pathetically regal air; — for the
tiny audience —^she put one hand upon
her' husband's arm, the other upon
her manager's, as she left 'the car , : and
swept into the hack awaiting her,
leaving behind an impression of dark,
bright eyes, an extraordinary aureole
of auburn ' locks, and sables.
; On the boat I asked' a large, inno
cent, pink policeman , the reason for
the unusual crowd— a racing one, I
found. ,. .'¦."'. '.".:.¦'¦'
"Do ye see that hack?*' he said.
I did.
•:Well. there's a woman in there
they ¦•¦¦call— Patth-I think 'tis. They
say she's a great singer. That's what
the (jrowd's about. Ye can see the
old lady if ye step up here."
And so Patti came to San Francisco.
MANY NEW ACTORS
AND NEW PLAYS ARE
SOON TO BE SEEN
the Flame" for the week's bill. It is
an attractive medium for the local Ly
ceum and will doubtless find a hearty
patronage.
"The Moonshiners" at the Central
promises a thrilling fare of the kind
the Central serves up nobly. There are
moonshiners, whisky stills, revenue of
ficers and the- whole fascinating contin
gent of the Virginian smuggling tribe.
Thomas Shearer, a new comedian, will
make his debut with the Central com
pany In the play.
Vaudeville will be well represented at
the local temple this afternoon. Half
the bill is new.
' There are some interesting babies in
the Chutes Incubator and some good
turns in the big theater.
might be more interesting.
"There is nothing else?"
"Nothing, thank you."
He bowed as he left and went sol
emnly to his duties at Craig-y-nos.
Almost then I had begun to feel the
tremendous importance j of traveling
with a prima donna, particularly as
her husband. Later I was to realize it
more strongly. However slender
Patti's hold upon the imagination of
the present day may be her sover
eignty in her own small circle is abso
lute. Much of charm and reason
there must be in it, too. Her com
panion, Miss Karoline Burmeister, has
been with the diva for thirty years,'
her secretary, Signor Marini, for fif
teen. The baron? Oh, for four.V .
"Well?" I said to the artist. He
also had his five minutes with *the
baron, from across the aisle.
"Scared," my experienced friend de
cided. He added a slight touch of
hawkiness to the baron's nose as he
said: "These soft snaps are not all
they're painted." •
We went then tb^the rear platform
to thaw out and were immediately be
friended by first one and then another
member of tire company. The ro
tund person whom I had mistaken foi
the baron was admiring the scenery
from Craig-y-nos back door.
"Very like Rome," he said hand
somely. Then asked: "You saw the
baron?"
"Yes. but not the baroness. But I
suppose no one sees her?"
"No — not I even, sometimes."
"This must be Signor Marini or per
haps Signor Sapio," I said to myself.
Then aloud, "She — ever • one talked
of 'the' — "she is very careful of her
self, of course?"
•'Oh, yes, one must not do this, one
must not do that to sing," he put it,
importantly.
"No tea or coffee, no -"
"Oh, yes, she takes both. Cham
pagne, too. Not much of anything,
though. At breakfast only tea and a
couple of eggs— very simply she lives."
"I wonder," I began — a brilliant
idea haying arrived — "I wonder if she
would answer a question or two for
me on paper?"
"Possibly," he said, doubtfully.
"Could you, would you ask for-me?"
With gravity befitting the occasion
he consulted another Patti subject and
decided to prefer by request. On tip
toes he returned with my note a mo
ment later to say that madame was
lying down and must not be disturbed.
But I saved the note, :id at Benicla
Madame read and "approved" it.
"And to whom am I indebted?". I
madame read and "approved" ik.
••T^e baron's valet, mademoiselle."
I hope my return' bow was as splen
did as this gentleman's.
We returned then to the inside of
the car, and there met the long-time
friend and conductor of Patti — Signor
Sapio. Miss Zamels, the violinist,
square and intense of face, and most
luminously eyed, was in the next seat.
She divided her glances between Miss
Margolies — whose piquant French
lilted across the way — her violin and
the golden country flying past. Anton
Hefner, the 'cellist,, nearby smiled
sympathy for our troubles and affec
tion for the khaki-covered 'cello in
front of him. The tenor, Wilfrid
Virgo, drolly remembered every now
and then the dropped barytone, "who
had ieft his 'cowt,' you know." Signor
Sapio, keen and thoughtful of face
and one of the best conductors we
have, was in front of us wjth cour
teous intent looking from his quiet
eyes. Altogether it was like getting
home again. We chatted awhile of
various things, of the Moody-Manners
English grand opera company for one.
The conductor for a while led the
company, during Ihe time when Stan
ford's opera, "Much Ado About'Noth
ing" was produced. He had many
good words for the opera. The inter
national prize recently offered the
Moody-Manners people for a grand
opera he told me was won by a young
Englishman, one Lester, with an opera
entitled, "The Cross and the Crescent"
- — "scholarly, but without much purity
musical value.' Still, promising, as the
author is young." Signor Sapio was
much interested in the De Lussan .en
gagement at the Tlvoli last year. Also
the stage, asbestos curtain*, and also
a system of separate lighting for the
fire escapes and lobbies entirely de
tached from the lights on the stage or
the body of the house. Nothing adds
to panic so much as the sudden col
lapse of lights and continued darkness
In the .auditorium, yet in some thea
ters In New York there are no such
extra lights and if the electric lights
suddenly failed the house would be
plunged Into absolute darkness, mak
ing egress almost impossible. A panic
under such conditions is<a\vful to con
template."
PATTI FINDS SECLUSION IN A CLOSED CARRIAGE ON - THE FERRY-BOAT, WHILE HER HUSBAND, BARON CEDERSTROM, MAKES MEANINGLESS REPLIES TO QUESTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10, .1904:
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19• The. following named of Stan
ford Parlor, ''¦ N. S. G. "wV,~were installed
NATIVE: SONS:
FORESTERS.
.Court Precita .of ._ the- Independent
Order of -Foresters has elected the
following named as its officers for
Oro Fino Parlor had a'very ( pleasant
party- for' children "in7.the;':Red v' Men's
build ing , last week. There ; were about
twenty-five young ones >- present* and
during the evening each .was presented
a generous box. of candies," a- bag "of
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The officers of Saxon Lodge were in
stalled with due ceremony on the"even
ing of January 5 in the presence of a
large, number of members of the lodge *
and visitors.
Xorman Lodge of the Knight3 of
Honor will Install Its officers on the
night of January 12, and the ceremony
will be followed by a banquet for the
members and a limited number of In
vited guests. BSfi
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
-; The> last held meeting of Argonaut
Council in December was- a busy one.
for hot only, was a ivast amount of rou
tine >: business disposed of. but there
was the presentation of Christmas gifts
The office of the grand secretary in
Los Angeles hasj)een removed to the
new Chamber of Commerce buildlne. as
the former quarters were too con
tracted. 1 *"
, Grand'.} Regent; Gus Gunzendorfer of
the Royal Arcanum will start on Tues
day, for a . r tour v of . official visits to
councils ; in 'the southern part of the
State. He will be absent from the city
about three weeks. On the 14th he will
be with Los Angeles Council, which
will have a large class to initiate. It
is expected that" many of the councils
in the. vicinity will be represented in
that meeting.
ROYAL ARCANUM.
The bonbon party recently, given by
Lincojn Lodge of the Friends of the
Forest' in the social hall, of tho Ancient
Order, of Foresters* building was a very
pleasant affair that was enjoyed by-a
large number of people. ' It -was suc
cessfully carried out under the super
vision of Friends Mae: Burress, : 'Mrs.
Marsh'-Jennie Trennell, 7; » a' Raymond,
Annie 'Sharp. G. Hoffman,- Frank;-Beii
jamin, Paul , Samman and' - F. > Mertz.
This lodge is advancing; in member
ship, having from one- to two to initi
ate at each meeting. A feature of this
lodge is the pleasant sociaP.entertairi
ments-that are .' given : after . each meet
ing and Vhich/mcn-e thanrroutine busi
ness, attract to the lodgerbom.
Pioneer Lodge of the Friends of the
Forest had the following .'named In
stalled as its officers for. the current
term:," Mary- Elizabeth .McLani. , past
president:' Emma Tynian;;, president;
¦Nellie? Bernstein, : vice president; ' "ate
Hollen,' chaplain; Lena Scholten, finan
cial, an«l Harry Gorman, recording sec-
\ retafy ; M. L.- Simon, treasurer ; Friend
, Brbadhead, marshal ; / Josep.jlne *. Kerr,
. vafderi ; , Lliza Kenyan, guard. ,. and M."
B. Collins, sentry; Drs., ' Leffler .. * and
Mather, ; physicians ; Bell Jbolspm;'.or
ganist. The retiring president,. Mrs.
McLane, was presented * as a • token . of
FRIENDS OF FOREST.
While 1 In Los: Angelas Grand, Presir
dent .•Finkeldey ¦ .was not -neglected by •
the, members ;6f Losi- Angeles Parlor.
After' she ihad concluded the business of
; hery-official. visit. In that, parlor sheVwas
presented an elegant* souvenir of '"the
Qccaslbn-and made the, guest; of honor
at a 'slipper. tThe day the
members, . through a cbmfnittee, gav'e
ber a . tally-ho ride to many points of
' inte'resf'in that beautiful' city and vi
¦Jclnity.., , ',, . .-,
, : . One of .the most enjoyable visits of
. the grand - president in thfs. city was
; that' toJKeith] Parlor, January 4. Thei e
present* Junior- Pa%t"Grand Presi
• dent * Keith/ Grand Secretary- Laura J."
fFrakes, Agnes AicVeTy . of ' Calavefas
Hyams of Gabnelle. Par-
Grace .Williams and a , number of
fother; visitors, besides , a goodly^num
. ber.-.bf - ; the i members" of .the parlor. .* The
v who'have been well .'drilled^- in
,"the ,• work j of the , order, I rendered It/ in
i a manner, that won for, them as hearty
'•praise- as -.the/grand president's words
could, express! " She also praised them
I and ; the i members '• for - having - planted
* a'> monumental ;¦ tree ¦ii'K polden Gate
/Park.:; The ; parlor; presented 'the grand
' officer- a - ! . silver r souvenir 'spoon.
"After]- the > adjournment -of; the parlor
t Dr. Florence A. t Temple and other, mem
; ber3 jOt ", the - entertainment committee
served icecream," cakes and candy. - ' ¦
nuts and a" toy from a neatly, decorated
tree. - The members and numbers of
invited guests were entertained by*
adults and the children with recitations,
songs, instrumental music and fancy
dancing. The contributors, were 'little
Gladys Cordy, Pauline, Adelaide and
J. A. -Winner, Dorothy Saur'and little
Jack Rena and Helen Stuparich. Edna
Ryan, Harry. Kidd and Ellen Wright
and Hazel Levy. Mrs.; C. Gassnun
added to the programme by singing
coon songs. This very successful affair
was under, thp direction of Mrs. Ida
Cordy,;. Mrv Brown, Mrs. Dolly Brad :
ley and Miss Hirik. The'fancy dancing
of little Gladys Cordy was loudly ap
plauded and she was forced # : to* encore. ,
Grand. President Stella -Finkeldey
paid a' visit to Calayeras Parlor Janu- j
ary 5 and.-.waa: wejl received. There
were present « Past;'. Grand - President
Mrs.. B ¦ » W/;Conrad. r ? Junior Past Grand
President' Eflzil D. Keith. 'District Dep
uty Grand- President Miss Edwards of
Darina and i ..visitors - from- Alta, Oro
Fino< Keith," Fremont; • La'*,Bandero of
Sacramento* and Darina, parlors. After
an exemplification'; of ¦ the, -'work of the
. order by the officers!; who' were greatly,
praised, there' wasf v an r address of a, very
entertaining character by the visiting
grand officer- and..speechesi by j the past
grands and ¦/others, after which MiS3
Finkeldey- was presented a : beautifully
painted cake dish and^a perfume flask
was presented to Miss 'Edwards* Then
there "were, flowers 'for "the , past grand
officials.- •:'..><"•". v .
• Grand Secretary Laura" J.Frakes and
;'pastGfand T President-Mary. E.Tillmah
Svent: to : Occidental, -Sonoma . County,
\ and there -instituted a' new .parlor,- No.
?142, on January 5. Hvr j> ; V: v .
MEN* AND WOMEN WHO ARK
P UOM'lNENT IN THE FRA
'¦;.TERNAL ORGANIZATIONS.
The Companion court started •by
Court Oakland was instituted* on the
afternoon of January 9 with a" good
membership. / ' •¦ '
!The courts of this city are .promis
ing -to make a good showinkKat the
theater'party to be given in -the 'name
of the '.order in the Central 'Theater
February 12. -¦•'. ¦'¦% .
The new officers of Court ; Yerba/Bu
ena will be Installed in 'public on the
evening of January 26. Af ter^ the cere
mahy there will be a proeramme of
entertainment. Just to let \he: members
and their friends know tha.t-j.his court
is alive and progressive.' .:/•.. '-.'•_
After the 'installation ;otHhe> officers
in Court Southern 'Heights Mast week;
the members. of the board .'of deputies,;
th« officers and, "members'; of Cqurt^ca
cia and a number of visitors were^thV
guests of that truly hbsDitable s co-urt
Southern Heights. In' addition^ to \ the
Hospitality there was an hour of speech
maklnff for trie: good 'of jthe' ordef;"and
the court" in particular. .:- . -¦• K$>.?
The^ officers,' of. Court lirfde-,
pendent Order of Foresters,, w;UU;befln^
stalled in Foresters' Hall. Thirteenth
and Clay streets, Oakland, by 1 the
board of San Francisco e'eputies Tues
day, January, 11. • After, the Installa
tion, there, will be a .banquet served 'to
the members of the^cdurt and ladies.
The affair will.be by^ invitation only.'; -
The board of San Francisco depu
ties on the evening of January 4 paid
a visit to Court Seal Rock, in Devlsa
dero-street Hall, where the president
of. the board, J. P. Murphy, assisted by
the other members of the board, in
stalled the officers of the court for the .
current term. After the work of the
evening there were addresses by Dep
uty Supreme Chief Ranger Stewart,
President Murphy and other members
ol the board, after which High Treas
urer Ed Cameron entertained the
members present with a budget of
"new" stories, some of which were -
traced back to the days of Jo Miller."
They were new to those who never
heard them before, and created a
hearty lauzh.
The deputies on the evening of Jan
uary 5 installed the officers of Courts
Southern Heights and Acacia; Janu
ary 7 they installed those of Court
Diana; January 9 those:. of Court El
Cerito in San Mateo, and on January
11 they will install the officers of Court
Mission in Mission Opera Hall; Janu
ary 12 those of Court Oakland; January
13 those of Court Precita in Mission
Masonic Hall, and January 14 those of
Court Golden Gate in Franklin Hall,'
on Fillmore street.
Court Oakland was visited last week
by the degree team that conferred the
degree at the recent large class initia
tion in this city, and that aggregation,
under the leadership of .Deputy Su
preme Chief Ranger Stewart, conferred
the desree on a class of fifteen in • a
manner that won for it the highest
commendation. . ».
High Chief Ranger Stewart, High
Treasurer Cameron and President
Murphy of the board of/ deputies paid
an olficial visit to Court Oakland De
cember 29. . .
the ensuing term: J. H. Sturgis, chief
ranger; D. Rivera, vice chief: A.
Shoenan. recording, and C. A. Dris
coll, financial secretary; H. Schroe
der, treasurer; L. Paganette, orator;
F. Duarte, senior, and P. Dunphy, ju
nior woodward; A. L. Lang, senior,
and G. Palas, junior beadle; R. E.
Wren, court deputy; Dr. Hawkins,
jihysician. . . ¦
Court Ado!!o has selected G. W.
Strickland, chief ranger; J. D. O'Con
nor, vice chief; W. H. Brown, re
cording, and C. Nielson. financial sec
retary; M. O'Connor,, treasurer; W.
H. Kenning, orator; G. F. Ochs. past
chief ranger; J. Waldie. court deputy;
J. A. Boni, physician, and F.' W. Hil T
dreth, senior woodward. .
by District Deputy Grand President W.
J._ Donlon on the fifth Tuesday in Jan
uary: J. J. Van Xostrand, past pres
ident; Joseph W. Hardiman, president:
C. T. Granz, T. I. Fitzpatrick and W.
M. Maguire, vice presidents; Fred H.
Jung (the only "Jung, re-elected), re
cording, and Joseph G. Cox (re-elect
ed), financial secretary; Leo J.'McMa
h«n. marshal; H. A. Cahalan and P.
Ifuer, sentinels. After the installation
there was an adjournment to the ban
quet 'hall, where a collation was served
and there were speeches, songs and
specialties, Dr. A. H. Giannini being
the toastmaster. Those who were vic
tims of the toastmaster's choice were:
W. Mr Maguire. Robert Grennan, W".
II. Mead, Dr. W. H. Sieberst, J. I'\
English, D. Torres, A. C. Graeber, Ber
nard Flood, Walter "Marston, W. J.
Donlon, D. D. G. P., and Past Presi
dent A. F. Sleicher. who," on, behalf of
the parlor, presented A handsome dia
mond-set emblematic badge to retiring
President Van Nostrand.
Pacific Parlor had the following
named installed ais Its officers for the.,
current term by District Deputy Grand
President W. P.' Johnson with impres
sive dignity, for there is no one who
can be more dignified in the discharge
of an oftlcijal duty than genial "Papa"
Johnson. W. J. Locke, as past presi
dent; C. J. Lynch, president; W. Dahl,
Jesse Callan and G. W. - Lillie, vice
presidents; Dr. F. J. Gonzalez, mar
shal; J. C. Miller, recording, and
George G.. Frascr, financial secretary;
' A. Latham, treasurer; G. A. Marshal,
inside, and W. J. Melvin,- outside sen
tinel. Alter the ceremony there were a
number of addresses by ojd-time mem
bers, who told the new members what
they each did, when filling the office of
marshal, in'the race for the presidency
of the. parlor. Then followed a gastro
nomical feast on the Alaskan plan— all
cold. ?
Graiml Trustee Charles M. Belshaw/
has invited the grand officers and
members of the order of Native
Sons of the Golden West to | accom
pany him on the visits he' shall ; make
-to the/ following named parlors —
•'that is. where those invited can con
veniently attend": To Solano Parlor,
January 11; Vallejo, 12th; Marys
ville. 13th; Chico, .14th; Winters,
15th; Presidio, 18th; Stanford, 19th;
Olympus, 20th; California, 21st, and
Dixon,. 26th. During the last week
the grand trustee paid official visits
to Rio Vista, Silver Star, ' Woodland,
Rainbow and Colusa parlors. '
: The followins named will be the
officers of Athens Parlor of Oakland
for the* first half of the current year!
Louis A. Lefevre, president; Harry
G.. White, Dr. W.* H. Abby and Gor
man P. White, vice presidents; W. F.
Garrison., recording and financial
secretary; Charles A. Rollins, mar
• Ehal, and William B. White, trustee.
Aurora Lodge of the Knights and
Ladles of Honor has had the following
named Installed as its officers for the
current term: Louise Bigler. protec
tor; E. L. Sundberg. vice protector; W.
B. Faulkner, recording, and Lizzie J.
Rapp. financial secretary ; Dr. J. B.
Hannah, treasurer; Lillian Sorensen,
chaplain; M. P. Smith, guide; Anna
Nordland, guardian, and Carrie Black
more sentinel. The installing officer
was Z T. Whitten, D. D. G. P. and P.
G. P.. assisted by a number of the
grand officers.
The officers of other lodges will be
installed as follows: Magnolia Lodge.
January -0; West End. 21st; Martha,
o-M- Bay City. 26th: Pacific. 2Gth; Pa
cific "Tth, and Golden Rule, 2Sth..
KNIGHTS AND LADIES.
GRAND ARMY.
There was a joint installation in OaK
land last week of the officers of Appo
mattox Post and of the- Relief Corps of
the same name in Grand Army Hall.
Past Post Commander C. K. King in
stalled the officers of th;' post and P^?t
President Mrs. P. Parrott those of too
corps. There were present irt uniform
fifty members of Company A, Veteran
Reserves. The officers of the post are:
Post commander. Captain W. R. Thom
as; senior vice commander. J. U. Vin
cent: junior vice comma.id.er E. P.
JJettleton; quartermaster. - S. P.
Knight; chaplain. James A. de Poy:
surgeon. Charles Wilklns; ofileer of the
day, J. C. Darnal, and officer .of the
guard, P. D. Sherwood. Those of th"
corps are: President. Mrs. /'.. H.
Drake; senior vice president. Mrs. Sa
rah Deming; Junior vice president. Mrs.
Abble Weeks; treasurer. Mrs. May B.
Adams; secretary. Miss Hancock;
chaplain. Mrs. Cornelia French; con
ductor, Mrs. Beberta" Evans: guard,
Mrs. Amy Hamflton; organist, Mrs.
May B. Adams; assistant conductor,
Mrs. Wright; asslst*nt guard, Mrs.
Blackburn; . .corresponding secretary,
Mrs. Sarah C. Borland: patriotic in
structor, Mrs. Annie Gusine.
*$
The officers of the several lodge?'?
have been installed during the past
two weeks for one year, instead of
six months, as in the past. This is in
accordance with a recent change in
the constitution.
A new lodge of the Knights of
Pythias will be instituted at Black
Diamond next Saturday by J.'Tl. Wear.
Golden City Lodge will have several
candidates to initiate next Friday.
Alamania Lodge has taken quarters
in the B'nai B'rith building.
The members of the D. O. K. K.
r.ill hold a ceremonial session In thir.
city February ID and confer degrees
on a number of candidates. The
i-if'mbers have been asked to make a
pilgrimage to San Jose, also one to
Lodi. for the purpose of introducing
a. number of eligibles to the mysteries?
potentate of the K. K's.
General Herman Schaffner (retired)
of the Uniform Rank of the Knights
of Pythias has bt»on restored to active
duty, having ti'en appointed assist
ant general for the State, to fill thf»
vacincy causod by the recent death
of General Abbott.
Companies No. 3 and No. 58 of this
city were consolidated last week.
A ii?w company was mustered in at
Eira Mills in the latter part of De
cember.
Next Wednesday General McGtas
han and staff will inspect the com
pany at Ukiah, and the following
eveninar the one at Healdsburg.
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS.
The following » named have , been
raised as the council chiefs of -Seneca
Council of the Degree of •Pocahontas:
Mrs. Carragues, • Pocahontas; 'Mrs.^J.
D. Sheble, prophetess; Mrs. . - Millroy,
Wenonah, and -M. i Woods, Powhattan.
The appointed chiefs were raised at the
same time. The snow ball and holiday
party given by this tribe in the latter
part of December, .. in Washington
Square Hall, was attended* by a large
number of people and was . a decided
success. Louise Weder was the chair
man of the committee of- arrange
ments.
Great Representative Emilio Las
treto has been making rapid improve
ment to health recovery during his trip
in the southland.. He writes from Los
Angeles that he expects to return to
this city during' the current week.
On the evening.of February. 8 Great
Wenonah Mrs. A. Bliss visited Peta-
Iuma, where, after, a public raising; up
of the chiefs of the. tribe in that] place,
she raised up' the chiefs of the council
which meets there. .. :.. •• ;••
The new tribe established a short
time since in Chico by Great Chief of
Records Bliss has been named Wena,ko
and numbered 150. It starts out in its
fraternal life with ninety members.^ A.
L. Nichols is the sachem and H. B.
Weaver chief of records.
Pitiaches Tribe of Fresno on the
evening of January 5 adopted a class
of fifty palefaces In Its new wigwam
in the Elks building, in the presence
of delegations from the tribes in Han
ford. Lemoore and Visalia. The cere
monies were. followed by a srand ball
at which were present many of the la
dies of Fresno.
Seminole Tribe, the French tribe of
this city, will give its annual ball in
Native Sons' Hall on the evening of
January 23. .' ..
The new tribal chiefs of Manitou and
Oshonee tribes were raised up by Dis
trict Deputy Great Sachem Samuel
Berel in the wigwam .in the Shiels
building in the presence of a large
number of Red Men on the fifth sleep of
the cold moon. The ceremony was fol
lowed by a social hour.
Senator J. B. Sanford of Yokayo
Tribe of Ukiah was a visitor at the
office of the great chief of records last
week. His visit to this part of the res
ervation was to consult with the great
Pocahontas, Mrs. Minna Betts, with a
view to establish a council of the De
gree of- Pocahontas in Ukiah.
Calumet Tribe No. 149 of the. Im
proved Order of Red Men at its last
held. meeting was opened with .new re
galia for the members. This tribe
hopes to have a large class adoption on
the evening of Monday, February 1.
The tribe will give its first ball in Lyric
Hall on Eddy street on the evening of
Saturday, February 6. At the last held
meeting of the tribe twenty applica
tions for membership were presented
and a. number were promised.
Althamos Tribe on the sixth sleep of
the cold moon had its tribal chiefs
raised for the current term by District
Deputy Hyas Tyhee George W. Das
tague with all the ceremonies of the or
der. Those who arc to be the chiefs for
the ensuing twelve moons are: Dr.
A. H. Lacoste. sachem; W. B. Welch,
senior, and J. H. Fitzgerald, junior sag
amore; H. M. Blankenstein, prophet; J.
Harry Hutaff, chief of record?. The
braves, warriors and other chiefs of the
tribe were raised at the same time.
After the ceremony of raising up and
the smoking of the pipe of peace in
silence around the council fire there
were long and short talks for the good
of the tribe, after which there was
served a feast of corn and venison.
This tribe under the new chiefs will
endeavor to excel the work performed
by those who were under the chiefship
of H. M. Blankenstein, who during the
time he wielded the chief's tomahawk
proved that i he is a first-class chief.
Those who assisted him were imbued
with the spirit that possessed him and
made excellent chiefs.
THE RED MEN.
action against the Board of Public
Works for neglect in not repairing a
sidewalk and which resulted in a large
judgment against the board. The
lodge, which received by consolidation
Parker and Ophir lodges, now has a
membership of 386 and 570,000 in its
treasury. The ceremony of installation
conducted by District Deputy Grand
Master F. J. Smithson was witnessed
by a number of visitors,- including the
Past Grands' Association.
Olive Branch had a large attendance
and In the transaction of the business
the officers soon accustomed themselves
to the duties of their stations, and
gave proof that they are equal to the
work that is expected of them. At the
next meeting there will be ritualistic
work, and in order to keep up the flrst
class reputation that this chapter
gained under the government of Ma
tron Mrs. Atwood and Patron Dr. At
wood during the past term, the present
officers are studying the ritual, so that
even on the first occasion there shall
be no flaw.
Beulah Chapter at its last held meet
ing had an instructive meeting, at
which Mrs. Christensen, the new dep
uty, paid an informal visit, and after
Instructive talks on matters appertain
ing, to the order and the chapter there
was a social hour.
At the first meeting of the new. offi
cers of San Francisco Chapter there
was a good attendance of members and
visitors, among the latter being Grand
Treasurer Etta Heuer and *a number
of the past matrons of other chapters.
The new matron Mrs. Bertha E. Mack
rett, who has been presiding officer in
a number of other organizations, dem
onstrated her ability to fill the office
she now occupies, and that in an im
pressive and dignified manner. After
.the close of the business the worthy
inatron was congratulated by mahy for
her manner of conducting the affairs of
the chapter. After that there was a
pleasing programme of music, songs
"and short addresses. Etta Heuer,
Susie Lockwood and Mrs. Lottie
Roihman were among those who con
tributed to. the pleasure of the evening.
Ivy Chapter will have a social even
ing for the officers and members only
after the business ¦ meeting Tuesday,
. Jslnuary 12. The new patron, ' J. E.
Gordon, has issued a bulletin to the
"members in which he sets forth some
ideas for the chapter and tells of pros
pective social events. •
All of the chapters of the Eastern
Star of this city have held their first
meeting of the new term and all were
for the purpose of experimental work
with the advanced officers In the new
positions.
The officers of Magnolia Lodge were
installed by Past Supreme President
Mrs. A. Boehm, assisted by several su
preme officers. After the Installation
there was a banquet in the banquet
hall of the A. O. F. building, where M.
Boehm presided as toastmaster, and
there were many speeches for the good
of the order. The new officers are D.
E. Carcass, president; Friend Pittam,
vice president; Friend Galvln, record
ingf and L. Smith, financial secretary;
J. de Leon, treasurer;' Friend Rudy,
marshal; Friend Arensberg, warden;
Dr. G. Coompton. guard; Friend Tal
bot. sentry; Dr. J. A. McDonald, physi
cian; Friends Mans, organist, and
Friend Nagan, past president. The re
tiring president was presented with a
beautiful regalia of her rank.
The officers of Olive Branch Lodge
will be installed in public in Mission
Opera Hall on the night of Wednesday,
January 13. An entertaining programme
will follow the ceremony.
EASTERN STAR.
fraternal love with a handsome mani
cure -*et • _ N '
The following named . were installed
as the officers of Lincoln Lodge by Su
preme President Mrs. Lillle A. Dygert,
assisted by a number of the other su
preme officers: v Mae Burress, president;
Jennie G. Trennell, vice president;
Friend Geary, chaplain; Friend Marsh,
marshal; Belle Stewart, warden; Neva
Raymond, recording, and Mrs. A. E.
Craig, financial secretary; Isabelle
Strong. ' treasurer; Friend Benjamin,
guardian: Friend Preston, sentry.
The following named have been in
stalled as the officers of Templar
Lodge: A. A. Goldsack, junior past
grand; Carl W. Mueller, noble grand;
John Rock, vice grand; J. R. Mor
rison, recording secretary: J. F.
Nichols, financial secretary; J. M. Mc-
Queen, treasurer: J. B. Russell, John
Burgess and v- O. Ford, trustees. The
report* of the officers were very satis
factory.in this. •*--? t»*— showed that
the lodge has prospered during the
past term. The new noble grand was
prominently brought into notice re
cently by having been the attorney in
_rrcn, the retiring noble grand, was
presented with a collar of her rank
in the order, and then Mrs. McCol
lister, the retiring past grand, was
presented the handsome jewel that
goes to every past noble grand who
has faithfully discharged the duties
of her office. Then followed the pre
sentation of beautiful flowers to the
retiring and incoming officers and
congratulatory speeches. Loyal, dur
ing the past term, under the guidance
of Mrs. Carren as noble grand, was
very successful and everything was
conducted In a most harmonious spirit.
At the close of the ceremonies the
oranges that were used for decora
tions were taken from garlands and
distributed to those in the hall, after
which there was dancing for two
hours.
The following named were installed
as the officers of Loyal Rebekah Lodge
by District Deputy President Mrs.
Flora Bergman and her staff of officers
in the Odd Fellows' building January 4
in the presence of as many people as
could crowd into the hall, which had
been, beautifully decorated with gar
lands of dark green leaves. On each
of the festoons were hundreds of or
anges of light golden hue. The officers
for the current term are: Maude Bar
ney, noble grand: Tillie Craig, vice
grand: Myrtle Carberry, recording, and
Theresa Crossman, financial secretary;
Henrietta Taylor, treasurer: Mollie Mc-
Collister, chaplain: Mary Robinson,
•u-den. The appointed officers were
tailed at the same time.
Vfter the installation. Mrs. J. . T.
Those*"vho took part in the amateur
show recently given by Loyal Lodge
were all members of the lodge and each
T.as "home-made" talent. The partici
pants were Tillie Craig. J. T. Carren.
Mrs. Eola M. Cyrus and Mrs. Barnett,
and all were not only loudly applauded,
but were each forced to give an encore.
The work of J. F. Nichols, secretary
of the San Francisco Board of Relief
of the Odd Fellows, has again been
recognized. He is one of the most con
scientious and painstaking members of
the order and everything that he does
for the board is performed with
the same conscientious attention that
he would devote to his personal affairs.
A few weeks ago he was the recipient
of a handsome collar in recognition of
services rendered in the case pi a
strange member of the order from Se
attle, and on Christmas morning he
received through the mail a beautiful
gold emblematic watch charm from a
member of the order in Bear Creek,
Canada, to whom he had been very
attentive while h<? was in the- city and
who was in need of assistance. The
letter that accompanied the gift is one
that any man would feel proud to re
ceive.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge has had re
rntrved by death one of its most earn
est workers, Mrs. Isabella Ewing, who
passed away with the close of 1903. She
was a native of Pennsylvania, came
to this city many years ago. and on
the 12th of October. 1S87, became a
mfmbpr of the lodge named, and hav
ing imbibed the true spirit of Odd Fel
lowship she was an earnest worker for
ihe cause, fvrr ready to give her time,
services and of her means when there
-was a demand for such. For her un
tiring services in the cause of Odd Fel
lowship she was decorated with the
cross of the degree of chivalry at the
close of the Grand Encampment in San
Jr.se in 1S9S. The chief mourners are
Luther L. Kwing, her husband, and a
married and an unmarried daughter.
She also had many relatives and friends
who sincerely mourn her taking away.
District Deputy Flora Bergman has
arranged with the lodges of her dis
trict in San Francisco to get up a grand
ball Sn Native Sens' Hall for the bene
fit of the Orphans' Home at Gilroy.
There are auite a number of little
wards of the Odd Fellows at the home,
which is under the special care of the
Rrbckah branch of the order, and as
the institution is growing and the num
ber of wards increasing, steps have to
be taken to raise funds for a little more
than their mere maintenance, and with
that idea in view District Deputy Mrs.
Bergman has started the movement to
help the orphans. If all are as enthu
siastic in t*e matter as she is the affair
will be a grVat success.
The fficers of Mission Rebekah
L«dge. who were installed :n a most
Impressive manner by District Deputy
Mrs. Bergman, assisted by her staff, in
Excelsior Hall on the first S;tuiday in
January, are: Edith Hextrom,, ncble
grand: Lulu Perry, vice grand; Emma
Ireland, recording secretary; Emma
Crawford, financial secretary: Minnie
Robinson, treasurer: Emma Arrison,
past noble grand: Anna Norman, chap
lain: Alma Miller, warden, and Carrie
S^ul'ivan, conductress. After the in
stallation, -which tTSs in public and was
conducted with a. dignity that rellectcd
credit unon the deputy who installed
the new officers and the members of
her staff, all dressed in white, there
was th*» presentation to Mrs. Arrison.
the retiring noble grand, of a collar of
her rank and of a handsome emblem
atic jewol to the retiring past grand,
Mrs. Norman. Then Frank D. Worth,
the drill master of the initiatory team
of the lodge, was presented a costly
cutglars b*rry bowl, together with a
gold-lined silver berry spoon in appre
ciation of his efficiency in bringing the
members of the drill team to a degree
of efficiency that has been most favor
ably commented upon. After that the
new noble grand, ttje past grand and
the vice grand were each presented
with fragrant flowers. The principal
speakers of the evening wore Mrs. Lll
lie B. Holcomb. Past Grand Master W.
\V. "Watson, Mrs. Mary E. Donoho. sec
retary of the assembly: Gabrielle
Gross, past district deputy, and Dr.
Frost. After the ceremonies there was
dancing for more than an hour. The
report for the last six months shows
that the lodge has been very active and
prosperous.
San Francisco Council has under con
sideration the giving of a grand enter
tainment for the benevolent fund o!?
the council. -
Alameda Council is still Initiating
candidates and expects to reach the
125 mark by next March. The coun
cil has under consideration the secur
ing of a meeting-place, where It can
hold its sessions and have a social
hall connected therewith.
On January 14 Sequoia Council will
have a number of candidates to Initiate
in its meeting place in the Alcazar.
The officers of this, the baby council of
this city, are said to be letter perfect in
the manner of conferring the decree
and that they can give pointers to offi
cers of older councils.
to different officers and members. Two
candidates were initiated and three
applications received. Grand *eeen.
Gunzendorfer -delivered an interesting
address on fraternal protection. Ma
rion S. de Roco ia discharging the du
ties of secretary of the council durinc
the continued illness of Secretary
Dixon.
The membership league of Golden
West Council will enjoy a banauet dur
ing the latter part of January, and will
then review the work of the last year.
This council, under the leadership of
H. B. Langllle. the recently installed
regent, and the other new officers,
promises an increase of 100 per cent in
membership during the current term.
Buena Vista Council will enter the race
for membership with this council.
The new officers of Buena Vista Coun
cil were installed January 7. after the
conferring of the degree on a class of
candidates by Regent McDougall and
his staff of proficient officers. The re
gent, secretary and several other offi
cers of the council have arranged a side
degree which will soon be sprung on
the members, probably before the close
of the month. It is said to be brimful
of good things and free from the ob
jectionable features that have been
noticed In some of the other side de
grees.
Deputy Grand Regent Davidson ex
pects to have the new council he Is or
ganizing ready for institution before
the middle of the current month. It is
expected that the grand resent, grand
vice regent and other ' grand officers
will be present at the institution of the
new council.
THE SAN% FRANCISCO /CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10, 1901.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
20Continued on Page 22, Column 1.
Continued on Page 24, Column I.
Continued on Page 22, Column 3.
into the sea in their. life preservers. I
was $n the., water -about five minutes
before I-got, hold of a life raft.- After
clinging, to 'this for half -an hour the
Seal Lion: came [alongside and took me
A careful Canvass of the wholesale
and commission distri«^i , yesterday
afternoon brought to light the fact
that the supplies are evidently intend
ed for Russia. The houses holding the
contracts would divulge nothing re
garding destination, but admitted that
the orders were for mess beef in bar
rels and canned fruits and vegetables.
•This is the line of goods usually
shipped for consumption in the RtW«
The announcement that orders had
been' placed among local commission
men for large quantities of supplies
to be' shipped at once to the Orient oc
casioned considerable comment amor?
local 'business men yesterday. The
parties who have received the orders
are reticent almost to the point of de
nial; the other merchants are anxious
to ascertain the identity of their more
fortunate rivals, and, if possible, get
a share of the rich basket- of plums
about to be distributed in this city.
Ins Orders and Destination.
Commission Houses Reticent Concern-
LOCAL SHIPMENTS HEAVY.
At 12:30 o'clock the Clallam went on
her beams end and began sinking rap
idly. At 1:07 o'cJock she »settled and
the tou lines were cut. A few minutes
later she lurched and disappeared be
neath the waves. Only her top works
and floating wreckage remained to
show that she had "ever been.
By -heroic efforts the crews " of the
two tugs saved the lives of nearly all
who had remained aboard the Clallam.
A few were swept away and
in the blackness of the storm, with none
to .heed their shouts and cries. /
The closing scene' in this, the most
terrible marine tragedy ever known in
these waters, was eight miles north of
Protection Island, only a short; dis T
tance north of Port Townsend and ap
proximately thirty miles from Victoria!
The Holyoke picked the Clallam up off
Smiths Island. • The survivors, of - the
cheated of their .prey and still more
lives were to be sacrificed to the god
of the waters. The hull of the Clallam
began to rive way before the terrific
assaults of the waves and the strain
of the towline completed the work the
seas had begun. The tug Sea Lion
sighted the Holyoke and her tow about
midnight and stood by to* assist.
¦ SEATTLE, Jan. 9.— Charles G. Ben
nett of 2771 Twenty-fourth street, San
Francisco, a passenger, remained on
board the Clallam until she sank and
witnessed all the principal scenes both
before she foundered and sank and im
mediately afterward, when the last life
raft was launched. v
Bennett had not recovered from the
effects of the exposure and Bcenes in
cident to the wreck when he arrived
on the Dlrlgo to-night and seemed to
be in a half, dazed condition. He col
lected his thoughts, however, suffi
ciently to* recall what was probably
one of the most thrilling and pathetic
incidents of the wreck. This was the
action oC a "man unknown to Bennett
who. after 1 his wife and. two children
were drowned before his eyes, became
f rantic , and , plunged headlong into the
sea. He was undoubtedly lost. ' as
neither Bennett' nor any of the crew
saw him come to the surface and no
lifeboats were near him at the, time.
In Bennett's opinion there was; some
misunderstanding between ; the officers
of the ill-fated vessel and the, crew in
charge of the tug Holyoke over signals
at the critical moment, [ this fact
Bennett believes resulted in the \ loss
of many lives among those who' stayed
with the doomed ship who might oth
erwise have been saved. Bennett
speaks in the highest , praise of the | ac
tion of the crew on the ; tug Sea' Lion,
who, he says, rendered every, assistance
possible from; the moment they arrived
on the K scene. ,
Bennett also witnessed a lifeboat cap-
did.the first. It contained a mir'd load
of men and women, mostly^ the former.
The i ; l6at; was tossed" about by * the
it' were. a cork and went
do.wnVln^the trough of a' swell with all
its: occupants. ' Some, niay have after
ward^sot on ra,fts, but if I
am not aware of It. " So far as I know
no't' a* woman or; child survived. -
,;>;'When>I realized that the third and
last;, boat tlaunched was about j to meet
af similar. : fate,- I turned r away, unable
to witness another such terrible' end. v I
stayed; with j the ;doomed • ship" and to
gether.^wlth th'e>remalnlhg..passengers
;did*all>I 'could to"^bail the water out of
herholdJ 5 ; ";,'•; ', . . _ ,•: "^ •:-
was ' the ; first tug to
coniefito v , the | rescue, /though' . in v : my
opinion jhad": the' vessel been equipped
with | and | rockets ' she could
have^summonedj the •' ¦ whole; Victoria
fleet:tblh(»r assistance. long, before the
Holyoke put in an ; appearance'. " .
: "When J the i Holyoke r. took j hold of us
it;Vas*with a line fully/ah.eighth of.a
mile 'long. She.; towed us toward Port
Townsend j of .steering | for the
beach,' the passehgers meantime bailing
water out. of the hold.% When-itbecatne
apparent- that ;. th^e vessel ' was '[doomed
somepf.the^crew. signaled , to the Holy
oke J to> abandow : the ;¦ tow, f and ; ;. come
alongside.'- ] Either..through'a-^mis'under
standing;Jbf;the\sigft'al8 or failure; to
'coTriply; r w'ith them,; I "dori't'know which,
the'f greatest = loss of ¦ life ; on /board ' the
ClallamVoccurred/ .; "
: r \"Xtit:% Hoi yoke, did not * respond and
the 'vessel ibegan; to 'list. ?;TVe"; then feal-
Ized* # ,tha't s .bur /only chance r was v to ; take
: to; the 'water,; and J ?the majority; jumped
size with 'its load of women and chil
dren a'ncT was -a! spectator to.thefear
firi^struggle and : cries of the i helpless
inmates of the .boat as she was swamp
ed in the trough of the sea as if a mere'
feather. ¦- Bennett ;.is an j old manVand
has traveled . extensively, but the, har
rosving: spectacle which took j place j be
fore the- Clallam finally. went down un- ;
strung, him'icompletely. It was with
effort that he' could bring ; himself
recount the. things which he witnessed
and the experiences .-of himself \ *nd
other survivors' who clun^ to tne\llfe
raft from which they- were* finally,;res
cued. -V"-- ¦' ¦ '•¦'¦¦' •" : 'V?-'' S - '¦¦. fyji'ic'}
• "When the vessel -v became disabled
all the male passengers j worke.d j he'ro't'.
ically- to launch >, the^llfeboats/v* said
Bennett, "and the* first was reserved
for,- the women .and -children. ? Iti..was
loaded with r difficulty. An - angry, sea
.was, rolling, but this ,boat j cleared, t)iV
ship and rode the. waves for !abbut>teV
minutes. : Of '. a. sudden it got •into, the
trough of: 'the sear and' before", the, pu-j
sengers on deck could frealize they saw,
its load of humanity; engulfed | In ajsea;
which was; running eighteen" feet 'high*
; j "The sight was a' terrible ope arid we
could j plainly, hear.' the. screams ; of C the
helpless ! women .and j children^ as : they
floundered"; about : for a"; f £w moments
before. they sank.'; The wind screamed
about us and'wafted" their^dyingicrles
on; deck, 'where .stood ""two" , score jof :
brave men- who gazed at their * death
struggles powerless 'to lend "a"; helping
hand. > :* ¦ '.'.': -¦_.¦¦ V* 'X '¦':'- '>
: "The second boat j-to be launched
lived' but "a* short^ time 'longer* than
Harrowing Spectacle as the DooMM
\ | Waters Itfith Its Human Freighti^ :
PUGET SOUND PASSENGER VESSEL THAT FOUNDERED IN THE ST^Alfs' oV> JUAN DE FUCA WHILE BE
ING TOWED INTO PORT, THE MASTER OF. THE CRAFT, AND A'SAN FRANCISCAN -WHO WAS ON
BOARD AND GRAPHICALLY DESCRIBES THE DISASTER.; 1 ; .! ' . ' . r - '
; DECK DEPARTMENT.
Captain George Robert.*.
First Officer G. W. Downey.
H. Arnold.
F. Myers.
R. Griffith.
J. Jeffrey.
II. Johnson.
J. Anderson.
A. McKcen:
ENGINEER DEPARTMENT.
Scott Delaney, chief engineer.
James Matt loci i. fireman.
John Atkins, oiler.
Edward • Parker, oiler.
STEWARD'S DEPARTMENT.
J. R. Watson, steward.
James Caldwell.
Archie Davis.
William Jones.
Purser *F. C. Kreer.
PASSENGERS.
William King.
H. D. Bailey.
Jack Sweeney.
Charles W. David.
John Davis.
W. H. Grime*.
William Lcplante.
Edward Laumer."
Thomas Sooilus.
E. Larsen.
FORTUNATE* ONES
WHO SURVIVE THE
FEARFUL DISASTER
NAMES OF THOSE u
WHO FELL VICTIM
TO THE SEA'S FCKY
: Mrs. H. AV. La Plant of Fri
day Harbor and two children.
Mrs. .-Richards, Port Town
send.
H. H. Swaney, Seattle.
-Miss Annie Murray, Victoria,
B. C.
. Guy Daniels, musician, Kan
sas City. <,
W. W. Gibbons, Tacoma.
¦ Miss Bellies.
G. J.- Jeffs. •
\V. H. Grimes.
I George Hyson.
(A. Vnldemeer.
"H. Buckncr.
Mrs. Charles Cox. ¦
Charles Thomas.
/ Miss Gill, jl
9C. J. Burncy.
R. G.CampbeU. .
s ' XV* \ E; RookJedse.
a Ed Lcnnan. ¦
, Miss Reynolds.
C. , A. Johnson.
; R. Turncy. ? .\.- , .
. 'Charles Green. .;
~ M.B. Currln,^ second mate.
¦ C. Lockwobd, freight' clerk,
Seattle.
James Smith, first assistant
engineer. Seattle.
. Charles Manson, quartermas
ter. Seattle. . r ~. '. .-..-.
R. . Lindhope, quartermaster,
Seattle.
¦Joseph Jewell, saloon watch
man. Victoria.. .
"Alexander, Harvey, mess man,
Seattle! -',
Robert . Currie, steward, Vic
toria. ¦-?•;-'
/Harvey. Sears, seaman. Vic
toria.. . .'.'.'¦
. George Hudson," waiter. '
¦A.' K. Prince, Kansas \City,
member - of \ theatrical -. troupe.
Eugene ¦ Hicks, Indianapolis,
Ind.-
Mrs. T. Sullens and two chil
dren, - Port .Townsend.
P. La Plant, Port Townsend.
3Irs. A. J. C. Galletely, Victo
ria, wife of the manager of the
Bank of- Montreal.
Miss Galletely, Victoria.
Miss. Louise Harris, Spokane."
Mrs.; Rouih, Seattle, wife of
restaurant owner. . V-
Captain L. Thompson, Victo
ria, Lloyd's agent. -
' Bruno Lehman, Tacoma, cus
toms, inspector..
Captain T.L. Lawrence, Vic
toria, ;Ynkon River pilot.
Mrs. S. E.Bolton, Alberta, B.
C, iwho was on her wedding
tour. .
>*. * P. Shaw, r Victoria, ship
owner. ¦
• C. W. Thompson, Tacoma,
president of the .Washington Co
operative 3Iining- Company.
I also noted constant expressions of
puzzled curiosity-as to what Germany
is doing. Evidently a strong suspicion
exists in the minds of Russians. Added
to the published fact that the latter
portion of > the German Emperor's
speech at the Guards* barracks has
been suppressed,, if is here stated to
have referred to Germany's policy in
the Far East in the event of war.
The conviction prevails here that any
aggressive action by the German Em
peror In the present crisis would be a
signal for France's immediate entry
upon the scene.
From what I have heard the official
class has formed a conviction that th«
United States will morally assist' Japaa
when asked to do so.
I made a number of visits on the
Russian Christmas among the official
classes and found the opinion prevail
ing that Russia i3 to-day virtually at
war with Japan, although, what is actu
ally being done in the way of assuming
strategical positions is concealed by
both sides.
"When the time comes." the Russians
say, "you Will find that just as many
Russian troops have been smuggled
into desirable points in Korea as Japa
nese, who are well known to be pour
ing in."
SUSPICIOUS OF GERMAXY.
Simultaneously government agents
are making inquiries for extensive
transport accommodations, and leadins
firms are asked for freight rates for a
time when the ice clears, but such well
known houses as Messrs. "Wilson and
Messrs. Boruholdt have refused to give
advance quotations.
The corps consists of 37,000 men. I
am told that the estimated cost per
man for the journey is 1W rubles, and
more than 5,000,000 rubles (5^,050,000)
has been appropriated for the same.
VIRTUALLY AT WAR ALREADY.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 9.— It is dif
ficult to-day to discover trace or sign.
of a possible . maintenance of peace,
whereas those of war are easily visible.
Foremost in seriousness is the fact,
as yet scarcely known, that the entire
Tenth Army Corps, at Kharkoff, com
manded by General Sloutchevsky, con
sisting of the Xinth Division of Infan
try at Poltava, the Thirty-first Division
of Cavalry of. Kharkoff and the Fifty
first Brigade of Reserve Infantry (in
cluding artillery), has been equipped
with baggage and the corps is ordered
to be transported with the least possi
ble delay to Manchuria.
* A line was thrown aboard the tug
and with her tow she started for Port
To.wnsend. She made fair progress
and Jt seemed for a time that the Clal
lara with the remainder of her pas
sengers and crew were to be saved.
But the hungry seas were not to be
Two boats were launched and in
these some of the passengers were en
trusted to the angry waters. The first
boat contained only women and chil
dren, three deck hands from the Clal-*
lam and Captain Lawrence of Victoria
going off in her. The boat was over
whelmed C00 feet from the Clallam and
its occupants shrieked in vain for aid
from those aboard the steamer. Not
a hand could be raised to aid them.
The second boat rowed away into the
darkness. On board the Clallam men
were seen as the waves tore them from
the boal, but later she was still afloat.
The third boat, containing only men,
was swamped in launching.
From that time on the members of
the crew and a few passengers who
had volunteered to remain aboard, de
voted themselves to the task of trying
to save the vessel. The pumps were
impotent and three gangs of bailers
were pet to work. In spite of their
pffnrts the water gained on them and
they were about to resign themselves
to their fate when the Richard Hol
yoke, one of the six tugs which had
been sent to the rescue of the Clallam
from Port Townsend, hove in sight
SHRIEKS ABOVE STORM.
All this happened yesterday after
noon. The culmination of the tragedy
was postponed for a number of agon
izing hours. Bravely officers and crew
at the helpless hulk worked to .gave
the boat and the eighty squIs aboard
her, but in vain. Stanch as she was,
th« Clallam could not stand the ter
rific onslaught cf the seas that raced
in mountain high frdm the ocean and
just before darkness began to fall it
was resolved to make an attempt to
fiave the passengers at least by the
boat*.
The passengers who had fastened life-
Ef rvers about their bodies were picked
up by the steamer Bahata. They had
died from exposure and their bodies
were brought to Seattle to-day.
The Clallam was a stanch, new pas
senger boat on the Seattle-Victoria run.
She left Port Townsend for Victoria
yesterday noon, facing a terrific south
west glae. Within sight of her destina
tion a huge sea overwhelmed the Hjttle
steamer, smashing in her deadlights,
flooding her hold with water, extin
guishing the fires beneath her boilers
and placing her at the mercy of a howl
ing gale.
The frail craft went down within
Fight of the Clallam, and a second life
boat, filled with male passengers and
in command of Second Officer Currln,
v.as probably lost a few minutes later.
Aboard the Clallam watchers saw the
waves sweei) the passengers from their
hold on the seats and hurl them into
the water. Thoush the lifeboat was
righted later and was still afloat a dili
fient search extending for twenty* hours
has failed to find trace of her. JJLore
passengers and members of the crew
v.ere lost when a third lifeboatr'was
swamped fa an attempt to launch It*.
DEATH FROM EXPOSURE.
SEATTLE. Jan. 9 — The eteamer Clal
ls.ni of the Seattle- Victoria fleet went
d'jwn early this morning midway be
tween Smith Island and Dungeness, in
the Straits of Juan de Fuca. Fifty-four
]»ersons were drowned.
Every woman arid child aboard the
Clallam was a sacrifice to the fierce
storm that rased in the straits Jast
right. Within three miles of ehore and
at a time when it appeared certain" the
ClaJlam could not be saved a desperate
c fCort . was made to save the women
and children in the lifeboat*. They were
placed in the first boat to leave the
.-hip, which Cartain Lawrence, a Yu
kon pilot, volunteered to command and
which was manned by deck hands.
LONDON', .Ian. 10. — The statement
is printed this morning: that a well
known diplomat last evening received
a message from one of the interested
parties In the Far Kustern trouble an
nouneingr that diplomatic relations be
tween Japan and ltns-ia had almost
reached the breaking point and that
war was inevitable.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York
ileraki. Copyright, 1904. by the New Yurlt
Herald Publishing Company.
Agonizing Struggle
Against Wrath of
a Cale.
Feverish Military Activity in St. Peters
burg During Interim Provided by
Japan's Indecision.
Entire Tentb Army Corps
Is Being Hurried to
Manclmria.
Passengers Perish
of Cfew.
Russia's War Pre
parations Go on
uudouluoolj.
Women and Children
the Prey of a
Storm.
MUSCOVITE
PROFITS BY
NEW DELAY
PUGET SOUND STEAMER CALLAM FOUNDERS IN A TERRIFIC TEMPEST
AND FIFTY-FOUR LIVES ARE SACRIFICED TO THE SLAUGHTERING SEA
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SANy FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10, 1904.— PAGES 21 TO 34.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE THEATERS.
Aleaaar— "A laftf ©1 Qualltj".".
California — "A/rxip' •*• Ciina.
- torTn." ¦*****, • C '"'
Central— "Monte Citrtg." SSatl-,
nea To-Day.
Fi«cher'« — "X. O. V." •T^w
Grand "la Convict stripes.""*
Matinee To-Day.
Orpbeum — Vaudovills. Matinee
To-Day. ' • '/.;
Toe Chuiea — Va,ude?illa.
Tivoli Op era-House — "Ixloa."
Columbia— 'fohoBts."
VOLUME XCV-- &Q. 41.
TEE WEATEES.
. Forecast' ina£e.£t Saa Fran
cisco .Itir thirty Vonxa eadin^r
miinlKht, January 10:
Saa Francisco aafi Tictnlty—
IXain' Rn»flny; 'brisk to kirn
aerxthwest wiad^.
«\ *'/''/" A. O. aCoASEB,
.,• ''^ District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.FIFTY-FOUR
PERISH IN
SHIPWRECK
HUNTINGTOX. ."W. Va.. Jan. 0.— A dyna
mite explosion n*ar Cassville In Wayne County
to-day on the Norfolk and Western extension
killed itx men and Injured fourteen.
SEATTLE, Wash'., Jan. 9.— It was not
the fault of, the commanding officers
of the Clallam nor the men In charge
6f the lifeboats that the passengers
who took to the boats werei lost.'. When
the lifeboats were lowered ' land . was
within- slght.-yet the impotent Clallam
was unable : to '¦ even make headway
against the gale. . Prudence \ dictated
that • the passengers and crew needed
OWNERS OF BOATS
s." AT VICTORIA REFUSE
. , T TO TAKE THE RISK
CHAMPAGXE BOTTLE
FAILED TO BREAK
OX. CLALLAM'S BOW
TACOMA. Wash., Jan. 9.— When the
steamer Clallam ivas launched here
last April the bottle of champagne was
not broken, but fell downalongside and
slid along the side of the vessel. Old
seamen predicted that disaster would
overtake the vessel within a year, and
it was said at the time that it would
be a difficult matter to secure a crew
to man the vessel.
REDDING.- Jan. 9. — Charles - Johnson and
Tom Scott quarreled early this morning. Scott
stood partly behind a saloon door and , called
Johnson a vile name. Johnson drew a revolver
and shot at Scott, the bullet passing through
the latter'* right arm.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 9.— Albert
Kimmons Prince and Guy Daniels,
k who were lost in the wreck of the
steamer Clallam, were Kansas City
musicians who were making a concert
tour of the world. Prince was a
brother of Lulu Prince Kennedy, who
shot and killed her husband,- Phillip
Kennedy, in this city three years ago.
Prince himself was indicted, charged
with complicity in the murder, but the
charge against him was dismissed and
he was never tried.
KANSAS CITY MEN
OX COXCERTTOUR
AMOXG THE LOST
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan." 9.—
The funeral of Miss Cara Stillman, '05.
who was killed In the Chicago theater
disaster, tools place from the family
residence on the university campus
this morning.. . -
Funoral of Miss Clara Stillman.
ST. HELENA. Jan. 9.— Charles
Wheeler, owner of the famous vineyard
and wine making plant known as."Zln
fandel," about a mile from town, died
to-day. He was borfi in Vermont and
was nearly 81 years old. Mr. Wheeler
was the oddest winemaker in the coun
ty and one of the best known in the
State. He was for years an authority
on viticulture.
Weil-Known Winemaker Dead.
Mrs. Galletley and Miss Galletley
were wife and daughter of the man
ager of the Bank of Montreal.
Miss Annie ! Murray, was a sister of
Mrs. E. Burns, agent of the Northern
Pacific Railroad in Seattle, whom she
had , been visiting.
Captain Tom Lawrence was formerly
in the Canadirn Pacific stemship ser
vice and -last year in command of the
Yukon steamer Scotia.
Flags are at half mast and crowds
are thronging the newspaper and tele
graph offices. Many Victorians are
among the lost. N. P. Shaw is a son
in-law of C^ H. Lugrin, well known in
Seattle. He owned the steamer Ven
tura and was head of a big meat busi
ness in British Columbia and Dawson.
Captain Livingstone Thompson was
Lloyd's surveyor and a prominent Vic
torian.* He was an old military man. '
At 3:20 p. m. sh.e was seen to* slew
around and drifted away toward Dis
covery Island broadside to the wind.
She was wallowing heavily, rolling from
beam to beam in a big sea. Telephone
messages were sent to her agent, E.
E. Blackwood, who made great efforts
to secure a tug to assist her. Falling,
owing to the absence of available tugs
and the fact that all steamers in port
were unable to get up steam in le«3
than five hours, he wired to Port
Townsend and the "Holyoke and 1 Sea
Lion were dispatched. The steamer
Iroquols went . from Sydney and
searched for hours without seeing any
thing of her and in the dark none knew
what had befallen the steamer. Then
came the. news of the disaster and Vic
toria Is sorrow stricken.
VICTORIA, B. C Jan. 9.— When the
steamer Clallam broke down she was
within half an hour or less of her
wharf here. The hacks and hotel buse3
were there awaiting her and then the
news came that she had been seen to
stop steaming off the point, with Vic
toria in plain view. She had broken
down and became unmanageable. None
knew what had happened. .
ASTORIA. Or., Jan. 9.— A gale of
unusual severity prevails off the mouth
of the Columbia River to-night, i The
latest reports from the mouth of the
river state the velocity of the wind- to
be seventy miles an hour and increas
ing. Last night a steam schooner was
reported off the mouth of the river,
which failed to reach port to-day. The
vessel is supposed to be the steamer
Aberdeen from San Francisco. Xo
fears are entertained for her safety.
Terrific Storm Off the Colombia.
aboard. There were half a dozen other
passenger* on the raft with me and all
were got aboard the tug."
Isaac Hewitt, a passenger, who re-
Fides on Vancouver Island, stayed with
the Clallam until she foundered and
went down. He shares the opinion of
Charles G. Bfer.nett that had the Holy
oke responded promptly to the signals
of the crew on board the Clallam many
persons would have been saved who
The distress Vof the vessel had been
noticed by watchers ashore. The steam
ship company owning the Clallam
begged steamer and tugboat owners of
Victoria to put off to relieve the vessel
and hurried an American fleet of six
tugs to the relief of the Clallam. But
the Victoria boat owners refused to
risk their craft in the gale. One steam
er, the Maud, started out of Victoria
harbor to go to the Clallam's rescue,
but after striking the storm *vas com
pelled to put about and run to safety.
Distress flags were flying from the
Clallam from the time she became dis
abled. There was no boat in sight at
the time the flags were hoisted, but it
was with the chance that a passing
vessel might sight her or those an
shore be attracted by the Clallam's
fight against the odds of the sea that
the signals were suspended.
.After the vessel had been fighting for
two or three hours to keep headway
or to preserve the safety of the pas
sengers a steam schooner passed astern
of "the Clallam. three miles distant.
Aboard the Clallani the vessel could
be made put plainly. To those who
sighted the schooner it was apparent
that the distress signals of the Clallam
could have -been made out if the men
aboard her glanced in that .direction.
But they passed on up the straits with
out an answering: signal or even a
to navigate the boats be given the op
portunity of saving their lives by the
lifeboats. That they failed to reach
shore was due entirely to the fact that
human strength was but a feeble pro
test against the fury of the elements.
Had all £he passengers and crew re
mained aboard it is undoubtedly true
that most of them would have been lost
when the boat turned over and gave up
the struggle; others, stronger and bet
ter able to care for themselves drowned
with the relief tugs standing by await
ing to take them aboafd. .
moment's hesitation to indicate that
the boat would carry the news of the
Clallam's distress. It was impossible
to make out the name of the passing
vessel, but from the course she fol
lowed it was believed she had cleared
from Bellingham Bay, possibly for
San Francisco.
Had this ve3ael stood by and given
aid to the Clallam the disaster might
have been avoided, or in any event the
extent of the horror minimized. -Had
word been carried at that time to Vic
toria or some other nearby port there
is a possibility that relief might have
been sent earlier, though the refusal
of Victoria steamers to go to the res
cue indicates that nothing could have
been gained by an appeal in»that di
rection.
Two additional children are be
lieved to have been drowned.
VICTORIA MOURNS
AXD ALL THE FLAGS !
ARE AT HALF MAST
and thirsty, and it seemed days. to. me
while I lay within sight of the light
house on Smiths Island, with the light
flickering at me. and me helpless to
make.mv condition known.
"The boys on 'the Sea Lion deserve
a lot of credit. They worked like,
troopers picking up survivors, and
they got me about 5 o'clock in the
morning. I was about all in. I can
tell you. but they soon bucked me, up
with hot drinks and dry clothing."
'Parker was sore and stiff when he
landed oft the Diriso. He had swal
lowed some salt water and was
pretty badly shaken up by his expen-.
ences. /To his friends, however, he
made iisht of his experiences, and
when they rushed up to shake., his
hand and, congratulate him upon Jiis
escape^his one reply, was?. Oh, .Im
.feeling all right." ¦ _
Tom Morris, a young man, who has
not been long from his home in Dur
ham. England, was a bit dazecT when
heianded. on 'the dock in Seattle He
¦dld-not-wnt to talk about.^expe
riences. We wanted to wait, he said,
until the cause of the accident was
known, before telling his story.
Morris was a passenger for Victoria
and did not know a jingle person on
the boat. When the call for volunteers
to help save the ship went forth, how
ever, he was one of the first to respond,
and he baled water until his head
swam. He says, he worked below for
full ten hours. He was in no hurry
to leave the disabled ship, he says, for
he had figured .it out that b*ng a
wooden vessel she would be hard , to
sink. The fact that every boat launched
sank while yet in sight of those 'on the
Clallam made it easier for those ;jyho
stayed to be contented, for it seetned
like certain death to try to get away
in any of the boats.
Morris was on the Clallam when she
sank. He says he Cannot swim much,
so he buckled on a life-preserver wid
waited for a favorable chance to .get
clear of the ship. Suddenly she took
an , awful lurch and MorriB slid into
the water. He landed in the water close
to a life raft and was picked up.
"Morris says the conduct of the pas
sengers and crew who stayed by the
boat was admirable. There was no
contusion, but every man worked as
hard as he knew how and aid, exactly
what he was told. He says; tons and
tons of freight were thrown 'overboard
in an attempt to lighten the vessel,
but that when he left the' hold the
water was nearly up to 'his -neck and
he was badly chilled.'
Postlin, a passenger on train No. 6.
shot 'and killed E. E. Armstrong of
Woodland, another passenger, at New
castle to-nlsht. The body was taken
to.A^uburn. " '.- *
Thomas Postlin Takes the life of E.
E. Armstrong at the Town
of Xeucastle.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9.— Thomas
PASSENGER OX TRAIN"
- KILLS A AVOODLAVD MAX
Continued From Page 21, Column 6.
"The Clallam's pumps refused to work
from the start and she was kept afloat
only by the efforts of the passengers '¦
and crew who remained on board.
Water rushed into her hold in a per
fect deluge and all we could do was to
stave off what every one below deck |
realized would be the inevitable end.
A great deal of the water poured in
through the deadlights and human ef- ;
fort was powerless to bail out as fast
as it accumulated. AH this time we
were working in the belief that if the
boat began to sink we could get aboard
the Holyoke, and not until she failed
to come to our rescue did those on
board fully realize their peril. Then the
rush for life preservers and life rafts
began. Those who were fit enough to
get on the rafts were rescued In short
order by the Sea Lion. Too much can
not be said fn praise of this tug's offi
cers and crew for the assistance which
they rendered."
had stayed with the ship in the belief
that at the critical moment the Holyoke
would abandon her tow and come
alongside to rescue the passengers.
"We all believed that the Holyoke
would let go her line and come along
side when . it became apparent that
further effort to save the ship was use
less," said Hewitt. "This belief served
to keep us buoyed up until a few min
utes before the ship sank.
"We signaled the Holyoke repeatedly
to come to our aid, but she continued
to tow us with a line which put her
out of range of the human voice. I
noticed red lamps were used by the
crew on the Clallam. I don't know
whether this is the proper signal in
such cases, but in any event it had no
visible effect upon the Holyoke's crew.
"The Sea Lion wasted no time when
she arrived In rendering all the assist
ance possible. Every member of the
crew rendered heroic assistance and it
was largely due to her efforts that any
of the survivors live "to tell the story
of the wreck.
HURBOWIIIG SPECTACLE.
There was no confusion on board.
The women and children were out in
boats and then every able-bodied man
turned in and tried to save the ship.
John Smith, who worked alongside of
me, was drowned. We were in water
up to our necks and were chilled to
the bone, when Captain Roberts
dered all hands on deck to save them
selves. While, we were at work be
low we were expecting the Clallam to
go down every minute, and how the
steamer lived through 3ome of those
seas ois a wonder to me. *
• "I rushed on deck and saw a boat
swinging from the davits. I chopped
it loose with an- ax and she swamped
in the heavy sea running. I got aboard
and though the boa.t was filled to the
brim with water and a terrible sea
was running she did not go down. I
was chilled "to the bone, was hungry
"The sight of those poor women and
children being killed right before our
eyes was a terrible- one," said Parker.
"The first boats were launched about
3 o'clock in the afternoon when it was
seen that the Clallcn was filling: de
spite our efforts to bail her out. The
wat-. put out our 'fires, so that the
whistle could not be used, and the fog
made it impossible to see our signals
of distress.
. "Three boats were launched and
they all went down right, before our
eyes. The first boat contained women
and children, the next was a boatload
of men and the third had women and
children. The first boat lived about
half an hour as near as I can recol
lect; the others were, swamped before
they hardly got clear of the ship.
There was an awful sea running in
the straits and it looked to me as if
the waves were as high as this dock.
"The crew and the men passengers
•worked down below trying to bail out
the water, but work as we would it
kept crowding on us. We threw
everything loose overboard and tried
to plug up the holes with bundles and
boxes, but it was pf no use. She
floated something like ten hours from
the time she sprung a leak and lived
through seas that threatened to
swamp her every minute.
SEATTLE. Wash., Jan. 9.— E. Parker,
an. oiler on the Clallam, fought against
the flood that poured into the hold of
the ill-fated vessel until the water was
up to hi» neck, and then got away in
the only boat that lived through the
storm, \tfhen Captain Roberts shouted
to the men below that the ship was lost
and ordered them up to save them
selves If they could, Parker grabbed an
ax and cut loose the last remaining
boat on the Clallam.
The lifeboat swamped, but Parker
held on and he drifted about all the
rest of the night, a lone passenger In
a boat that Was level full of water, but
still did not go down. He was picked up
off Smiths Island about 5 o'clock this
morning by the tug Sea Lion while he
was drifting about helplessly In plain
sight of the lighthouse, but unable to
attract the attention of the people on
shore. He was weak from exposure
and cold, but the men on the Sea Lion
poured hot coffee into him, gave him
dry clothing and he arrived in Seattle
on the steamer Dirigo not much/ the
worse for his ' experience, except that
his nerves were badly shaken by the
terrible sights he had witnessed.
Parker was the last man to leave the
sinking vessel except Pilot Doheney.
It was a scramble for life without hope
of saving the sinking vessel when Par
ker came up on deck. He says he cut
the boat loose with an ax and plunged
into the sea. He thinks Doheney
jumped overboard and was picked up
by a raft.
OILER CHOPS AWAY
A LAST BOAT AND
DRIFTS TO SAFETY
wreck were brousrhf to Seattle at 5
o'clock to-night on the steamer Dirigo.'
•THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , SUNDAY, JANUARY 10. 1904.
Continued From Pago 21, Column 2.
22
,';i ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR
Shudder! Shiver!! Sneeze!!!
"Some one walked over my grave" is a
common exclamation that follows a
"shudder." A shudder, a shiver or a
sneeze, the first sign of taking "Cold, ls
caused i>y checked circulation of the
blood. The use of Dr. Humphreys" "Sev-
enty-seven" starts the blood coursing
through the veins and "breaks up?* the-
Cold or Grip.
"Seventy-seven" cures Coughs, Colds.
Grip. Influenza. Catarrh. Pains and Sore-
ness In the head and cheat. Hoarseness
and Sore Throat. At druggists', 1 25 cents.
ETMedical Guide mailed free.' '
Humphreys Med. Co.. Cor. William an4
John Stretta. New Tark.
DB. FIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
"I liave no mora
nervous headaches
and rest very well at
night."
When a 'woman suffers from female
weakness and irregularity or other forms
of womanly disease, the effect is cer-
tain to be marked in her. nervous sys-
tem, the general effect being, as in Mrs.
Woodin's case, n nervous headaches, rest-
lessness at night" and a run-down condi-
tion. It is simply common sense then-
¦which says if you cure the female weak-
ness, irregularity, etc., you will cure the
nervousness, sleeplessness and other con-
sequences of womanly disease, f :
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription cures
the womanly diseases which undermine
the general health. It establishes regu-
larity, dries enfeebling drains, heals in-
flammation and ulceration, and cures
female weakness. It cures headache,
nervousness, sleeplessness, etc., by cur-
ing the womanly diseases which cause
these ailments.
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce, by letter, free. All correspond-
ence strictly private. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. " ; . . . > * .
"I feef more than grateful to you for the
benefit I have received from Dr. Pierce's Favor-
ite Prescription and 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery," writes Mrs. Ervie E. Wcjdin. of Millerton,
Dutches* Co., N. Y., care of tox No. I. t For a
number of years I had been troubled with female
weakness, nervous headache, irregularity, rest-
lessness at night, and, in fact was all run-down,
but after taking three bottles of Favorite Pre-
scription ' and one of ' Golden Medical Dtscov-
erv *feel that I am entirely cured. I have no
mbre nervous headaches, and rest very well at^
night; in feet, feel like a different person,
thanks to your kind advice and wonderful medi-
cine. I earnestlv advise all who suffer from any
similar troubles" to write to Dr. Pierce at once.
They will not regret it" . ,
"Favorite Prescription" has the testi-
mony of thousands of women to its com-,
plete cure of womanly diseases.. Do not
accept an unknown ¦ and .unproved . sub-
stitute in its place. ,.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets should bi
used with « Favorite Prescription "wheat
ever a laxative is required.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Get Rid
of Scrofula
. Bunches/ eruptions. Inflammations, sore-
ness of the eyelids and ears, diseases of the
bones, rickets, dyspepsia, catarrh 'wasting,
are. only some of the troubles it causes. *
It Is a very active evil, making havoc of
the whole system.
HoocTsSarsaparilSa
Eradicates it, cares all Its manifestations,
and builds up the whole system. '
Accept no substitute.
'Dadway*s
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, ¦' complete absorption and
healthful • regular! ty.' 'i-*-<iff*»Sf Bayr** «"Ka««MMwiT'"ii
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
ntlpatlon. Piles and all derangements of th«
Internal Viscera. ' 25c a box. At druggists or
| by mail. -- " RAPWAY & CO.. New York. *
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
NATURE'S GREATEST CURE ~
FOR MEN AND WOMEN
Swamp-Root is the Most Perfect Healer and Natural
Aid to the Kidneys, Liver and Bladder
Ever Discovered.
I. — r irritation, pain or dull ache In the back
— they tell us In Bilence that our kidneys
need doctoring. If neglected now. the
— — _ _— disease advances until the face looks
, .. , *^.«t. «f m^« P al e or sallow, puffy or dark circles un-
I rereivod promptly th* samp!* bottle of your fl th fegt 8we n and sometimes
crtat kidney remedy. Swamp-Root. the acts badly
1 had an awful pain in my back, over the Thcre ls comfort in knowing that Dr.
_^___ Kilmer's Swamp-root, the great kidney.
-^v liver and bladder remedy, fulfills every
/V<^ O»\ wish in quickly relieving such troubles.
/T^'/^rSS-'-'-vVV It corrects inability to hold urine and
iY ; \^~*fi*ti$$C\. . :? -^S\ scalding pain in passing It, and over-
f/jFwjf&^i \V • comes that unpleasant necessity of
If j '¦'• £ - ; ii '¦' : '- '¦ ¦:'¦'.-. '¦ being compelled to get up many times
/I '¦ - ¦'M& '"¦ "~ : : - •• - ;; A "fV^'AX ' during the night to urinate. In taking
// /4' ' ¦; ;•• S.-i '\\ this wonderful new discovery, Swamp-
[Ijt'r* ¦•'"¦¦ ti^s^^fcBjfi? '^£ V ¦ : -\\ Root, you afford natural help to Nature.
1 1 ¦'' '¦ ' G% t^DIV "^§r?*?' v^ n ' : "\\ f«">r Swamp-Root is the most perfect
/>~ -^7-< *S-L ¦' fSj) ' -\\ . healer and trentle aid to the kidneys that |
j ** *^ > ¦-..: :^j* - ; \ lvis ever been Oiscovered.
\-^^ t y | SWAMP-ROOT A BLESSING TO WOMEN."
I /^'vSSSr^^X. * "- My kidneys and bladder rave me nrreat
i\' j . ¦^>^E^p >^ M^K ' trouble for over two months and 1 suffered un-
m/itTapker. QjJ rWM^/ ¦ ' \\
kidneys, an.! h«d to urinate from four to seven : : : ¦. p^^^. - ¦..: -• ; v r ¦¦.-••. '-I
tinwe a nipht often with FinartinK and burnlns. ViSflL '- ' ; "^*%*)i ; - : : |
Rrick dust would settle in the urine. I lost \c^ ~ * -~^f % |
iu.:.;> i- i: i. its in t».> wvkf, ar'l thought I ;-.. : : ¦ .¦¦•'i*"5w ¦.¦¦¦.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦> ¦¦¦¦.¦ I
v,.'j;i s ¦ :. •-.,'¦. I 1 " k th- lirst .lose nf your . *V* *- ' " 'ar \ ]
Kwamp-Roct fn the t-venins: at U-i time, and \, & '\
»as very much furprispd; I had to urinate but "' •/
enc* that rlpht. ».r.d the s<^ond nirht I did not VlMP^K^IfiljSWScSaj'lfl * " -\ \
t-: up •:¦ • : ir mini;. I ha v* used »!.r«* bottles 13?p:<? g^wWMwiMr'Kvj..' ..:*4>t I
of Swamp-Ko. t. ai d to-day avi .-»? mil as ever. \ T^^J&riCfiRgK^Sl!^^ > fj^^SSf /
I am a farmer, a-d am »-orkirjr cvpry day. \^^^SJOoSc^tt-sE. , j£*iA^ikj I
¦ r.d »••-¦ k\. 190 pounds, the mhip that I weighed \l&vin^y\V^T l V^Ev/
before 1 wu taf.'-r; sick. Gratefully yours. XvCvV^N^^fct^^V 11 '\£& , /
T. S. APKEK. Mareh Hill, Pa. VA\\\V^^k*^\^V
There comes a time to both men and MRS. E. A USTIN fj f/
women when sickness and poor health '»- i /
bring anxiety and trouble hard to bear; toM ml6ery . x became weak, emaciated and
disappointment seems to follow every very much run down. I had great difficulty in
effort of physicians in our behalf, and retaining my urine, and was obliged to pass
remote, try have little or no effect. ™f a v^ te &5i?$f «. Sta^wkJS
U many such cases serious mistakes are Root, sent me on my request. I experienced re-
made in doctoring, and not knowing He* al *d I Immediately bought of my druggist
what the /»1«pt«p i« or what ma k.« n. ¦ two large bottles and continued taking It regu-
. , at l ,* « lsease ls or wnat makes us . Urlr x m pIeaa ed to say that Swamp-Root
e:ck. Kind nature warns us by certain cured me entirely. I can now stand on my feet
symptoms, which are unmistakable evi- ' aI1 a *y without any bad symptoms whatever.
d«t of danger, such as too f reauent j S^STjouS »™%^
desire to urinate, scanty supply, scalding I 19 Nassau et.. Brooklyn, N. T.
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder
Remedy, Will do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call
May Have a Sample Bottle FREE by Mail.
EDirOEIAL NOTICE — If you are sick or feel badly write at once to Dr.
Kilmer. & Co., BinRhamton. X. Y., who will gladly send you by mail. Imme-
diately, -srithout cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, and a book tell-
ing: all about it. and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testi-
monial letters received from men and women cured. In writing to Dr.
Kilmer &- Co.. Binghamton. !C. Y.. be sure to say that you read this generous -
offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and you can purchase the regular
f.fty-cont and one-dollar sire bottles at the drug stores everywhere. Don't
make asiy mistake, but remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, and th*> address* Binghamton. X. Y.. on every bottle. •
GREEN'BERG & GREEN'BERG.
._«i*t-.«yTV--?.-^,"'L-.;-'r-- -v ¦¥*xii*<v*iz.- i ',-Yj t ri\i'-'P
GREEKS' 9
| 7 SPECIALS 7 I
| For Monday and Tuesday 1
HOSIERY P
22 1000 pairs manufacturer's H
- -j.lC sample line of Hosiery, M
*' v% ' consisting 1 of Black Lace. QB
very pretty fancy Btripes and VA
hig-h novelties, worth from SOc to B]
$1.50 a pair. H
SALE FSICE, 33C M
VEILS |3
"5O Black Drop Veils, made Ifl
SXC cf the beet veiliEjr thread, f\
*""*** pretty tfbtted border*; H
kind the smart dressers wear; B
worth SOc. la
SALE PUICE, :t8('> H
KNITTED SK RTS K f l
£. O _ SO dozen Assorted Pat- n
UfSC tern * ci Knitted Skirti. H
Indndinir ail the newest M
etrlpes and patterns, some all fj
wool, some wool and cotton mixed; K
worth Si. 00. Sl.25 and Si. 50. M
SALE PKICE. 68O* D
LADIES' VEST« |
OO* 40 dozen Katural Gray fa
OuC Hi>rh NccX and IiOa «f H
Sleeve Vests, wool and H
cotton mixed. non-shrlnkable, H
swiss ribbed; worth Sl.25. H
SALE PRICE, 88C H
FLEECE- LI NED VESTS
rj n Ladies' rieece-Lined Hlgrh
JjC Neck and Longr Sleeve
" Vests or Drawers, made
of best Sea Island cotton. In srray
or ecru; worth SOc.
SALE PKICE. 33C
'• HAND-MADE LACES
•*7O * This lot contains 700 yds..
f OC. Inclndinr all the latest
and prettiest designs Im-
cgiBable of Cluny and Pllet Laces,
widths 6 to 10 in.; worth $1.00,
Sl.25 and S1.50.
SALE PRICE. 78c
SILK WAISTS
CO C\f\ This lot contains 110
2lLf7\J Waists, all prettily
trimmed, latest pat-
teras, in pinks, bine, reds, navies,
black, etc, made of Pean de Sole,
Taffeta and Lndne Silks; worth
S5.OO. S6.O0 and S7.OO.
SAXE PRICE. S2.OQ.
Country Orders Solicited.
GREEKBERG & GREENBERG
7 SPECIALS 7-
31. 33. 35 and 37 GBAICT ATE.,
Cor. Geary Et.
".-¦"' '.. . . ' ' ' ' • ;....;.'.- " DR - SHOOP'S BEMEDIES. ,_ — ~**~ ¦ ' ¦¦
Tear out and mail to Dr. Shoop, Bex 6C30, Racine, Wis. * *»pP^^wlfe * %
That is all. Send no money. Simply sign above.
J3To Stioop 9 s Restorative 1 y'
Take it a month at my risk. If it succeeds. the cost to you is $5.50. If it I j^^^^i
fails the druggist will bill the cost to me. And I leave the decision to you. \J^^^^^J
Don't .Wait Until You Are Worse Why the Restorative Succeeds , .All You Need To Do
Taken in time, the suffering of "this little one Tou may oil and rub, adjust and repalr'a weak Simply sign the above — that ls 9 1 • A»
would have been prevented. ¦' Her mother writes engine. It will never be stronger nor do its book you need. The offer I make is Droau
me: . * - - \ work better, without 1 steam. More power — more tr*,- „„„ t« „«• is simple. Th« Restora-
'•Two years ago niy litle K lrl was eick. contln- - steam is necessary. eraK 1Re way 13 e *
uously for six months. We tried manv doctors, and tlve ls certain,
they failed, yet it took only two bottles of your ,
remedy to cure her, and she haw remained cured. And so with the vital organs. Doctor them t . .
Tou can tell other* of this cure if you «o desire.' ag you w ju That's mere repairing. Permanent But do not misunderstand m«
Mrs. C. H. A very. Kockdale. N. T. cures never come save through treating the
•Tis a pity she did not first write me, before nerves that operate those organs. _., , t f treatment with nothing ever to
th. e«. wa. danger*... .- pay feuX, .„ offer would bi mfLadte.-would
La. T h h a°d "L'en SUTSF tf%Zf FcTI Tars A "" ">" ™ R '* l ° M '" ""* "eintl. the ph^Oan who »ade "v*^*^
could do practically no work. He writes: *i In a sick one's honesty — his gratituae. i a *
-when she first .tarted taking the Restorative - After almost a lifetime of labor— of study at wnen he is curedt he will pay the cost or me
Bhe barely welehed 90 pounds: now she wetehs 135, bedsides and research In hospitals— I made this treatment— and gladly,
and ls able easily to do all her 1 otisi-Tiork." discovery. I found a way to treat, not the or- treatment— ana giaaiy.
T«,« n »i7 "/lorb" voorarniiFht have h«n "brlcht" * gans themselves, but the nerves — the . inside
onel y nerves-that operate these organs and give them , i ma ke this offer so that those who might
ones - ¦' ¦ • ¦¦ ¦ . . power and strength and health. That discovery f M * raB e " . _„ ., v
J. G. iBlllingsley of Thomasvllle, Ga., for has shown me the way to cure. doubt, may learn at my ri3K.
3 years has been crippled with disease. Now he .
is well. He writes: • T+ „,<,!,„ „„ .«„ „.„,,,,. , Tell of It. please, to a friend who is sick, or
i ." -'I: spent. $250 00 for othe, -medicine^ and line: .. , It makes my offer possible. sen d me his name. That's but a trifle to ask-a
$3 00 I. have spent with you have done me . more • . . ? . *t » . ..,,,, H« la vour friend. Tou
sootftharv all the rest." fc k , I know the remedy. I never can forget the minutes tl: me— a post^ I.He Is youi r Wen <L^ sou
. I Both money and suffering might have been .¦ study, all the research, the trials and tests that can help him. My way may be bis only way
saved.' . t v /¦:'¦•¦-":'.. , ¦¦ , ' perfected it: I have watched its action year g e t well.
¦ im (^..nrannif ihrwi from over 85 000 ' : after year in cases difficult, discouraging. Time
.sim^ iisSof E \jstjssi s^a^oA^ajs^ t WB. <*« * M M 4 w«i yO u.
C ° m How e much y seri?us illness the Restorative has I 1 know what " wlU dO ' - friend, his neighbor, simply writer
: -lUS^^i^ V t^rM^^MSSn^Si^^^-: My only prqblem is to convince you. - - He will learn from my book a way to set well.
tle-or'twp'of their" druggist, are; cured, and . I , ;' perhaps, as I say, the only way for him. His case
never hear from them. _ Wim,,iv ' «iMr And so I make my offer. And the bare fact may be serious^hopeless almost. Other physi-
V^ Ut ?/ w 0 hn°^kM C for q »v^7ufrantee 39-out- ; \ that I make such an offer ought of itself to cians-other specialists may have failed. Tha"
mind you— who a sked^ for my %£"™~\ tl lz\ °"t convince you that I know how to cure. Please w£**3 la ureent then
of each • 40 have paid. Paid because they, got . read It again . It means exactly what I say. No matter is urgent, then.
well..' ¦ ' - . „_. ,,,-- «.i,___ f-ii'v,,* . , catch — no misleading phrases in it. Simply this — „
you take the medIclne lnd X wU1 taVe the rUk - Writ * mC a P ° Stal ° r 8lSn ab ° Ve tO ' day *
sliSTtlTlllf U certalnIcanalwayS . CUre the ; .. And you-not I-declde if you are to pay. Address Dr. Shoop, Box 6630, Racine, Wls.NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— William J.
Bryan returned to-day from his Euro
pean tour. Asked about the great men
he had visited, Bryan said that he re
garded Balfour, England's Premier, as
on* of the most scholarly men h» had
ever met. He spoke in terms of high
praise and gratitude of the manner in
which he had been received and helped
by Embassador Choate and all the
other American representatives to
whom he had applied. "
"I met President Loubet of France,"
Bryan said, "and I found him very
pleasant. President Deucher of Switz
erland is a very genial man, with Ger
man characteristics strongly marked.
The Czar of Russia also appeared to me
to be a charming man. The Crown
Prince of Denmark is friendly to a de
gree. With the exception of President
Loubet. all of them spoke English well.
I enjoyed the visit to the Vatican and
was presented to the Pope by Father
Kennedy, the head of the American
College in Rome. The Pope did not
speak English. I was greatly impressed
with the friendly feeling everywhere
exhibited to the American people. I do
not think it was the friendship of awe.
They seemed to like us."
"Do you agree with other travelers
that the people are really more the
rulers in England than in this coun
try?" he was asked.
"In England, I think," Bryan said,
"public opinion prevails more than in
any other place I know, except perhaps
France and Switzerland. Switzerland
is far more democratic than the United
States. Public opinion controls there
more quickly than anywhere I know."
Bryan said he was going to Connecti
cut on Monday and that he hoped to be
able to go to Nebraska before the, end
of the coming week..
Asked if he favored the holding of
the Democratic National Convention in
New York, Bryan gave an emphatio
negative answer. He said:
"If you people have as much money
as you say you have you can afford to
| go into the center of the country. You
| have been boasting about your wealth.
! and can afford to spend a' little of it. I
I am opposed to any extreme point of the
j country being selected for the conven-
I tion."
Bryan would not say where he would
like the convention to be held, but sug
gested come city In the center of the
country-
Bryan would not talk about the plat
form. .He said he knew of nothing that
should be taken out of the last plat
form and could not Bay what should
be added. He refused to discuss the
Panama situation, saying he wanted to
know more about it.
MARRIAGE OF BANKER *
MORSE IS ANNULLED
New York Jurist Decides That Wife
Had Not Been Legally Divorced „
From Her First Husband.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9. — After a union
of two years the marriage of Mrs.
Charles F. Dodge to Charles W.
Morse, banker and former president
of the American Ice Company, has
been annulled by Supreme Court Jus
tice Bischoff, on the ground that when
she became his wife she had not been
legally divorced from her first hus
band.
It appears that Mrs. Dcyige was
married to Charles F. Dodge, a hotel
proprietor, in Atlanta, GfL. March 28,
1877. In 1898 she obtained a de
cree of divorce and in 1901 married
Morse in this city. Recently Dodge
had the decree set aside on the ground
that it had been Illegally obtained in
that he was not properly served with
notice of the suit.
This decision rendered the Morse
marriage illegal and petition for its
annulment was necessary In order to
straighten out the tangle. Dodge is
said to be at present in New Orleans.
Much serecy has been thrown about
the case, lawyers connected with it
even denying that Morse, the banker,
is a party to the sut.
STEEL PRESIDENT
RESIGNS POSITION
Walter Scranton of Lackawanna Com
pany Desires Rest in Declin
ing Ycarsfr
XEW YORK, Jan. 9.— It has just be
come known that Walter Scranton,
president of the $60,000,000 Lackawanna
Steel Company, recently resigned the
position which he had heldjXor so many
years. He retains the chairmanship of
the board of directors.' His successor
has not yet been chosen for the presi
dency, but it is understood that D. O.
Mills and H. McK. Twombley are now
taking an active part in the adminis
tration of the financial affairs of the
company. Scranton has directed the
affairs of the company since it began to
develop from the original plant at
Scranton, Pa., and retired because of
a desire to rest in his declining years.
The works are now located at West
Seneca, in Buffalo,>and are recognized
as comprising the -'largest individual
steel and iron plant in tlie world.
TRIBE OF BEN. HUR."
The leap year party given by Mizpah
Court No. 1 of the Tribe of Ben Hur
in the Odd Fellows' building on the
evening of January 4 was a most en
joyable affair that delighted a larpe
number of the members of this thriv
ing subordinate and many of their
friends. "Traps" were laid by the un
married ladies of the court for the eli
gible unmarried male members, and
the prospects are that before lone: a
number of the ladies of the court "will
get under the. bamboo tree and chancre
their names." In addition to a good
programme of dancing to excellent
music furnished by an orchestra under
the leadership of that well-known . fra
ternalist, Mrs. Linda G. Molloy. there
were specialties by Helen Tucker and
Professor Bonvive. The affair was
carried to a most pleasant conclusion
under the direction of Clara Hedcer.
Mrs. Peckham, Mrs. Muggier. Mrs.'
Dewey and Mrs. Hawley. The officers
of the court will be installed on the
evening of Monday, January 11. . They
are Mrs. Dewey, past chief; Mr. Gunn,
chief; Mrs. Brunskul, Judge; Mrs.
Day. teacher; D. «L..' Dewey/ scribe (re
elected); Mr. Caddell, keeper of trib
ute; Mr. Peckham, captain; Mrs. Peck
ham, guide; Mr. Forster, keeper of the
inner gate; Mrs. Murray, keeper of the
outer gate, and Mrs. Hawley. pianist;
The installation will be followed by a
social hour. '¦} ,'*.:; '^*?~
POPE TABOOS IiOW-CUT
GOWNS AT RECEPTIONS
Expression of His Wish Excites Ladles
of Diplomatic Corps Accredited
to the Vatican.
ROME, Jan. 9. — Members of the
"Black Society," an organization com
posed of the faithful of the Holy See,
are much disturbed over the an
nouncement that the Pope has writ
ten to Martin d'Antas, the Portuguese
Ambassador and the dean of th€ dip
lomatic corps accredited to the Vati
can, expressing the desire that ladies
should not- wear low-cut gowns at re
ceptions attended by Cardinals, and
other prelates. Great excitement has
been aroused by the Pope's action,
especially amongthe ladies of the dip
lomatic corps.
MODERN WOODMEN.
Gobdfellowship Camp, Modern Wood
men of America, has changed' its meet
ing place from' B'naiB'rith" Hall to the
Pythian Castle,^ and at the. meeting on
the first Monday of j the | month had the
following named . installed as' \ officers
for the current term by Deputy Ileiss:
Xebraskaii Impressed by the
Friendship Displayed Toward
Citizens of the United States
EUROPE LIKES AMERICANS
Regards Premier Balfour of
Great Britain as the Most
Scholarly Man He Visited
BRYAN TALKS
OF HIS TOUR
During the first ten days of the cur
rent month, all the tents of, the Or
der of . Maccabees in this State were
called upon to vote on the proposition
to. cease being a subordinate oC the
supreme tent and be governed by j a
great camp in the State. At the first
meeting in San Francisco Tent and in
Golden -West Tent the matter was dis
cussed and tlie vote, unanimous in the
first named, with. only three votes In
opposition in the " latter, was in favor
of a great camp. California now) has
a membershiPj in excess of ¦¦.-'10,000.'
There will "be a convention of ¦ dele
gates of . the various tents " ; in . 'the
State in ; Los Angeles early in March;
to elect' representatives ; to' "the su-
MACCABEES.
The officers of Volunteer Council 01
the OrdeT of Pendo were installed for
the current term last week and at the
close of the ceremony there was a social
hour.
The officers of Golden Gate Council
were installed In the Odd. Fellows'
building on the evening of January 8.
Arrangements are progressing favor
ably for the organization, of the new
councif in this city, which . is to be
known as the Home Council. It is ex
pected that it will be ready for in
stitution January 20.
~ Information has been received by Su
preme. Councilor Tugwell that the three
councils | that were recently organized
in the State of -Washington have " : been
instituted, each with a igood working
membership. . . ; V.
'.^ The* "ground has been broken" for
the building up of three councils of the
order in the San Joaquin Valley during
the next* thirty days.
The supreme officers are arranging a
campaign by which they expect to in
crease , the - membership in r this State
from • a little in excess > of. 2000 t<y 2500.
A number of special organizers will be
put . in 'the '[ field and an • effort ; will .be
made to institute a' council in ; every,
place in this jurisdiction where one doe3
not' now exist. . \ ,'". . -v..
ORDER OF PENDO.
C. H. Cook, venerable counselor; "W. H.
Edwards, advisor; W. L. Cunningham,
clerk; Thomas Pepler, escort; W. j J.
Elliott, banker; S. McCahill, watch
man, and Louis Bauer, sentry. Neigh
bor Voorsanger was appointed chief
forester. After the installation there
was a celebration of the twenty-llrst
anniversary of the foundation of the
order, when the Rev. Dr. William
White delivered a most eloquent ad
dress on. the fraternal side of the or
ganization, and his words , created a
most favorable impression on the large
number of members present. The pre
siding officer spoke at some length and
gave an idea of what he expects to do
during his term. There were a number
of other speakers, and, taken "as a
whole, the celebration was a success.
The convention of representatives
from all the camps of the* order, during
which there is to be a school of in
struction, which has already been an
'nounced, will be held in. Fresno this
week. V* i ;
preme tent and to make arrangements
for the transfer of the management
of the order 1 in California from the
supreme to the "State or great camp.
The new officers of San Francisco
Tent. were installed January 8. Those
of Golden "West Tent will be installed
at the first meeting in February, on
which ! occasion State Commander
Hall will officiate as installing officer.
The tent's company of the uniform
rank will also be present.
Theta Cbl Convention.
The ninth annual convention of the
Theta Chi Fraternity was held in ReA
Men's Hall yesterday afternoon. In a^
ditlon to a large amount of Important
business th"e following officers were
elected: "William Mlddleton of San
Francisco, grand president; Frank So
linsky, grand vice president; Harry
Gutterson of Oakland, grand secretary,
and Ray Elliott of Sacramento, grand
treasurer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, JANUARY 10; 1904.
23
ADVEBTISEHZNTS.
|j Fhihdelphia. Shoe Co. I !
j (0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, fjj
,' j Afijoinirc CaU Building. g
I STAPLE LINES SACRIFICED §
y BEFORE STOCK TAKING I
{? You know our ¦well-earned repu- g
Jl tatlon for square dealing, so be- H
jl lieve us when we say that this ia Rj
if the blgcest bar^nin •»• have ever H
(I offered- We will shortly Uike H
II Btock and will sacrifice all our |
H broken line* 8nd o>Ms and enda. 1
Ij and for this week will offer Ladles' |
I Patent Leather* LacCy Shoes. J
[I plain or coin toes and tips, French j
jl or military heels, and cither Me- ¦
H Kay. handturned or wrlted soles. ; j
(1 These were made by such ] I
I well-known manufacturers as j
I ¦V^¦ic^«*rt and Gardiner, the Plngree
[I Co.. E. P. Reed & Co. and John J. !
[I Lettemann Co. They sold regular- j
[I ly from $3.50 to S5.00. but we ,
(I have bunched them all together |
(1 and will sell tliem AT S1.7^» A
«| PAIR. We have the following ip
H AAA tride, 4-BH B wide, «*4 to « I
B AA T-lflf.StcTh C wlfle.SH to 7H f
n A v.i<1e. 3 to « I> wldc.2H to 7^ H
M «"onie early Monday morning if 9
H you expect to be fitted- PI
[j LADIES' KID JULIETS 1
I; A »tyle that means ease ar.d i
¦ comfort and no lacing or button- B
|l Ing. Ladies' Fine Vici Kid Juliets. Ed
[| with elastic sides, full, round m
(1 toes 2nd patent leather tips, hand- H
I j turned soles and Imw heels. OUR H
H PEICE OZO.T 81 •"."»• Sizes 2^ H
M to 9; widths C to EE. W
CHILDREN'S KID SHOES 1
Every pair reduced In price. A y
etaple line regularly carried In [3
i stock and guaranteed for wear. 9
Child's and Misses' Bright Don- g
gola Kid Lace Shoes, coin toes and H
patent leather tips; solid, durable B
koJ^s »nd spring heels. E5
rhlld's sizes, 8 to 11 SOc R
Misses' sizes, 11 1£ to 2 05c fe
IUD1ES' 0YER8AITERS 1
"^Vlll keep the ankles warm. La- Q
dies' Black Beaverette 8even-But- H
ton Overgraiters. All sizes. THE H
PSZCS OHI.T 2.%c. |
IB. KATSGHINSKI
] Philadelphia Shoe Co. i
j 10 THIRD ST^ Saa Tranclaco. j
BEE;RS I
Famous the - World j
Ovcr-^Fullj^Matured,' j
«To;^ EVery&here; I .
HlLBKltT UXRCAXTlLti CO.. I
f&ciflc Cciast AtiiU. 2
X.. jiiij-jLJimiiiiii jf i
.CUTIIERif
ASTHMANOLA
Is the only cure for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA;
Tour Dru«:u cr at 50S HAIQUT ST.,
San Francisco, Cal.
Schilling's Best bring-in a
new era in trade. So far as
they, go, the grocer's business
is perfectly easy and perfectly
sale. Uniform price and qua-
lity rr.u!:** it easy, and money-
back makes it safe
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I EASTERN OUTFITTIMC CO., I
S 1320-1328 Stockton St., Near Broadway. %
II WETRUST THE PEOPLE li
. ® • ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ o
I THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL |
O " * Elegant Parlor or Library | 'Q #
O Table, just as shown in the pic- •
© *^W' u^^^& / *ifir turc; solid quarter sawed oak, HHTTTTh *
o 'Jj 9 X Xi P'ano polish; top 24x21: sells j I I •
q [l [1 I M regularly for $3-50. While they 1 nil i , H J
O I "^^^1 Vi Dining-Room Chairs, the very 5 **^ •
® // I % latest; solid oak, saddle veneer \^\ " '"'"g^ 2
® «f I seat, just as illustrated; rejrular tw^j -rr^i^ja 3
5 U \ price $1.10. For this week Ip * *[» 2
0 . * TOc each. Not more than six If -"* W
© sold to one customer. jaggl * O
2 Special sale of short ends of Carpet, from 6 to 20 yards, at just 9
a half of the reptular price. 5
©We Furnish Ho.uses Complete. All Cars Lead to Our Store. Z
?©««©000«®©©»S«®00©00«©«000©0*©00«0«©00000©©2
. , rj ZJDVEBTISHTVrnNT& ¦
Deaths ire Each State from. CatarrhaB Diseases During Last Census Year.
The accompanying map lias been care- T\^lU IT C V'.-^n n n( , ft ,J. IT HIT \» U • or***—^
u. Liztn I. b. tensns Keport, V. 11I.J jl/ j^ ;. _
pany. Columbus, Ohlor The figures were V^5 r ."t*~' . . 1 ' ' I -*^S& OT -^?«Sx iJ Ill>^
taken from the lat'.st mortal statistics =>O?'( -\ j A >^— ' —^ ' I M iN*t*/>-r* \ "^^^^sr^S^l^l V^ -?#^Sa * //iO>
published by the government ar.d en- Sr 7.7., f . eM ,. frT/ » M ! ! • N. DAKOTA \ M1MWF e nT . jd&*2^ «^^^^£2rf *^1ksL 'J/t VS«
tirely agree with thr> archives kept at Y\ (AjWASHINGTON i ? MONIftlMH i nn% JM1NNE5OTA f r^ 0^? . Vd
The Hartman Sanitarium. \V «* 2.106 i X *«\ . j**o Wl W \ 7.653 S '*"\ CV^rO^ OMn^t * i W
The figures on each State represent JL •" IWV -4 j ! :053 y*\ \ J I SJXi'r *&**~2r J "sL/V
the total number of deaths from catarrh- p^ . n '\ ' %-k . *w*"^ f -•--•••* — ""'""t l Mfl .,7^. j ZJSki.^sjggla f 1% 4i.
al diseases during the last census year. fj J JV,,^ *\ ....JL — f- -* s AKOTA ! \WISCONSIN Pffl ff/ s '* I f^^^§^^ . yf^ 1) /• y© '*»\
This is an appalling state of affairs. if OREGON ( "*"**! ' j I 42 7 ' A "*®* 7 Ijj til O%$ V v S t^fTi
This nation has got to confront the k ' DAHO | WYOMING I .._'. t V j( 1 J^^^S^/ YOfin JT^Zl^^
fact that catarrh has become a na- f| '•';* j * >tf<:> I 313 1* *>-*»-J .-•-... -Aj\yy <<iJ?L\ fefiN^lr 71,278 ; WJj, e *»r
Catarrhal d,zoazes threaten the V"~ "fr""'* ~j'Y&) L L-}*H*m \ Q '° e \ f ' i\ i^r^^NNSYLVANlAVI^'X^ 5 "
life of our people. |\ ,J MFVA C^ IA I —~~, 3.768 1 VJ, LlJNOlS \f\ J °"i° • 777 P<'»%
Over one-half of the people suffer -' W \ NEVADA ; 0 , I \ Y, , 5OO i' V«! 26 * I - 2 K 1 *B # -fe^ ft N
from some form or degree of catarrh. \ * : *& ! U ™? COLORAOO f ' \ A V 8 • U /^i^S^M^/T^^ NT
Fully thirty five mi/lion people are \L% 0 jM85 | 5, 567 | KANSAS \MiSS0URI V • / /S/jjAy ,Z 09^\>
personally interested in the discovery \y> V s ' ' 9 * ' ?t - 85 1 l8 '- 6 - 89 [ L~sf V^V^A^S *•><•
of a radical catarrh cure. VT A.V. \ .......I... ( , V * 9^^/^^ '^C.-
Peruna is the main expectation in o t> 4 \ »r«— '•-- y-«-^ L9Jl«r A . MOMA ) • Vt^- - l -^'.-?---t'-.— x ?l •&?«•
this direction. j 1 ? % * (W^ 1 NEW '\ ! ! r 461 ! J \', •"'••"""''V^r'TeVlNESSEE" X
Peruna is an internal, systemio , N ARIZONA MEXICO « \ K!* 1 " 01 *""' ARKANSAS /.-.-. JtP^^.^'J r ?» 88 J5jP *'&r»/5>
catarrh remedy. \^^ * > 521 ' 703 j VJ^^a" i y ! 9.549 f j\\ \ n^
Its cures are so prompt and per- , ' I ! I / d^nUtKahu^rrnttGU^ 7 *?/? N
manent^that it is attracting .orld- j I rV- U fMM \^^1^^ SUMMER CATARRH.
"rrom "vrry' State in the Union. WINTER CATARRH VR^^" \ I4.29O r'feJ^>r| Catarrh of StomaclV
Letters testifying to the fact that p e - Catarrh of head; s_/^\ w j^^^s^ja^k! v\ Catarrh of Hvcr.
runa is n radical cure for catarrh are /^ Mffif) \ S &4&^ \\^j\l
constantly pouring in from every state Catarrh of ear. TOj^^L ? \jfi^ xv' <^v Catarrh of bowels.
in the Union. Thousands of such, letters WgS» S\ Vl I W/ , \\\ ? >v\
are on file in the office of The Peruna CaiarrU nf t>\ie» ' % Ilk . . I fir ..^ «. . . « ">'- * v\$O»Vi> Patarrh nf klrinpvt
Medicine company. • baiarrn or eye. . McW Ik \lk r\ /v Winter Catarrh Prevails Most North. N&cvl oaiarrn or Riancys.
! The following letters taken at random r»_i.___i- n f*hi.«-.t w^^ \k / v^/y «. « «. n .. .. : £.'*£ ««. - vi^CVrvX r"-.t-.^^^. «* hi-.«4<in I < -
i from our nies give a testimonial^ from Catarrh of throat. vk \ \V //f Summer Catarrh Prevails Most south. . Catarrh of bladder.,,
llT^^ofBowii^ ». ».. Catarrh of lungs. \\V ( \ cause of Most Bodily ins is Catarrh. %# Female catarrh.
Writes: "I have been afflicted with ca- ! , . . , ,'
MOST WINTER ILLS : COUGHS, COLDS AND LA GRIPPE, ARE TYPES OF CATARRH.
but without the least relief until I tried . . • ' ' • "
Peruna. four bottles of which entirely ... .¦ hi .' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ' - . Congressman K. B. Snover. of Fort Ans-
cured me." . , ¦> . tln j^jgi,^
Attorney Leon J. Charles of WlnBlow, NOTABLE PE-RU-NA TESTIMONIALS PROM EVERY STATE IN THE UNION. Writes from Washington D. C: "I hav.
Arizona. \ • , found Perun3 a very efficient and apeedy
Writes: "From personal experience I r»PT nnCTCn nil vnilD All/IU ctitc . remedy for a persistent and annoying
advocate Peruna as a safe, proper and . lit I rUo I CU UJ\ YUUK UWl\l olMlL cough resulting from catarrhal trouble."
- • - ' »«• » «*-—•»
fT- ¦ !¦¦ m wtmm : Mr. Caleb E. Bortcll, Police Offlocr, 212 James Carrisran, Watch Hill. S« I.. Writes from Washington, O. C, as fol-
«*ii :t i!fii^i**^-*^5 ' a u^rT**?K * n lows**'\tth'^5 ? oli' r 'ittitionofa f ricnd I
-rfd^^h^. North Paca Street, Baltimore, Md., Eighty-eighth Co., Coast Artillery, Fort used' your Peruna and can cheerfully
fc&vid'"*' ' ' i 'iiJ' *u Writes: "For several years I was trou- Mansfield, writes: "I contracted a heavy recommend Peruna to any one suffering
1 /yS^^§*3^^^^>»i> u"if> l * 7',H <¦ bled with catarrh of the head, throat cold and let it run until there was a con- Tvitn catarrh or who nreds a Rood tonic."
t , '^e^^^^S^^i E&fl Jiff*! » and stomach. I took sev*»n bottles of sta nt rumbling in my head as if bolls Hon. V7. V. Sullivan. United States 8«n-
$£&£&? 1 B-lHT ' " '* % your Peruna, and I am clad to say it nas wcr e ringrinp. and a watery discharge atcr rrona Miaslssippi.
! /<«^^5^^^5V?5 B m[" j r - ',> | cured me. from my nose. I purchased two bottles Writes from Oxford, Miss.: "For sorn*
' l^^^T*^^ V r -^ "^n!^ Phoebe C. Carr. Oroflno, Idaho, of p eruna. v;hieh entirely cured me." time I have brpn a sufTerer from catarrh.
Mft !JteSS5Sai ' coS5h.aSd?a»^to C ute?thSnI Mr. Prank Cobb. Deerlngr. Maine. as the best medicine I have tried."
>s5j3 J avi' 1 ! ; '' i - i ii'i have been for years." 1"» Summit street, writes: "I was trou- Mrs. P. E. "Warren. "Wife of United
MM \^ -«_• *" l- :^ : ' - j \ 7\% „ • *, „ iy. _, „• «,,.««™~^ bl? d for a number of years with catarrh States Senator From "Wyoming.
v^X Ss **lr /i^iil^'plll • HOn " CulDerson. Ex-Conffre»«man Jn my heafl and tr , ed many 8O . caile(1 Writes: -The sample bottle of Periina
yw^."m / j V' v *, • . Prom Texas. cures, but without benefit. I now feel *<"nt to my husband came when I T.a.i
>^ %;^^%v (*&*&/¦-•¦ " Writes: "I can recommend Peruna as better than I have for many years, suffering from a cold and I used It with
¦ ¦ A W^@9Ri ' one of the very best of tonicH. and I take thanks to ieruna. good results.
jT \ \^«^8ffiP^^S^5^8^fOTffl^ pleasure in testifying to the merits of Mr3 . j. Benson, Guardian Grand Circle, £x-Conarre«man C. Pelham, of Bancroft,
/ 1 \ y ° Ur Sreat medlclne -" ¦ ¦• Women of Woodcraft, of Seattle. Wa.h.. Wrltes . .. Mv „ J^ 8^' haa b^ n auf
,/ I i 1 Hon. W. M. lortf. Governor of Oreron. Says: -. Last fall x contracted a severo J^Sr wlS^tarVhof •
A. S § J^^^L flP^^^^^ffl^^ « aya: -<I h^«?i ° C c v M f!,mfiv fnr'roUl 1 / ™ld on my lungs. Peruna worked won- considerable time. She has h°en usins
A^i^-i 1^ Peruna medicine in my famllj for colOs not onlv oomnletMv heilin- Peruna for about one week ana Is mani-
A^^^^^^^^^^mm^^^^^^^ and Pr ° V Y ' thl ; lun r S s m but 0 cu O H& the P catarrh h of "ho Improved."
/ A^ '^^^JIs-^^tC^ y^PMSf'W^^^^^il^^^^^ Mr ' J- R ' Howard> Duraat « l - T - hpart aa well, which had set in." M. Caslmir Barthe«, 1773 Glenann St..
/ y^O^^lvV^^^^^^^^^SlSl we r er s ince J LTa S h cu%eTo7lun e g \rol k ble Mr. Lawrence I.alrd. Kendle Green. Ma,,.. .., for about
Mm l^a^ea^K-" ' "" " my " elf tfS.'SJt K^y'l Sn^ft"^^^'^^^!^
I jMaW3£8g&&&&ZSr^$mft Kffiini *^&3E&k 8K.'~"*""'" n ""']tiMI IhNi' ill llave cver tried." take Peruna. A f?w bottles cured me."
¦ SwlwWvMMK HPS-SiW 1 ft?^lMi&W ' 11! Hoa " Ge0TZ * C - Ex-Member of M Marla Qoert C1 , Oil
i BH Jl V^BHHk i'i ' ' Conjrre,. Prom Wisconsin, Mr. w. H. Tucker, 4 Grove St.. Concord. wrltJsT^lSSrSd^Sth Catarrh ten
' H m ! Writes: "I cordially recommend your N. H.. years. The catarrh had invaded my
Wll&flfcV WHi^w8lMlMBn^^^ifi^Mft*»'»» \rf\l Bl^S&?^ ii P ' Peruna to any one suffering with ca- Writes" "When I becan taklnir vour m»d- whole system, hf-ad. no^e. throat, stom-
V \ llS v\ l&SWl^^llifil^RH L %}& Wi m WkM§ffllGk Writes: "Peruna and Manalin ar.» the Mrs. Emma Schnell, Hew Canada, Minn.. Says: "I join with my colleagues in the
?. a Jit v «v W¥/MWMifM\'WmiVr il V° W?3$ U S SSffltH: it'^OT I best medicines I have ever taken. They Writes: "Peruna cured my son of catarrh House of liepresentatives In recommend- '
' $\ ikvltib^ MSfi¥a//'i^' J *JrMl^ " !!!!!lg£j I ' VxKi B r3 Hi^'ISff^Si w111 do al1 you cl . alm - - 1 am cured °" ca " with which he has been troubled from Ins your excellent remedy, Peruna. as a
1 va't Ed W<$ fcW^1»*€^jy^Qfl 'n 'u'! !^V^ i 'H h u' Mri I a ' tarrh." • birth." . good tonic and also as an effective cura
; l\W ' ii|il I: Mr -^^^irw^"" «— .t^^,--, as^gg-^ **„ .,
h *W> $ "WJMm/MMB i Kli L • *¦ !l* s J I P m J Also President of thft Woman's? Suffrage s "From what mv friends «v Pe Writes: "My secretary had as bad a ca.-i-*
FlSIF/A, fWMmWl \ \ W fa*®* A W^ ra lil IWi Association of^Utah. In a letter from 273 r*n^ Is a ?ood ton™ and safe catarrh of rataTrh as 1 ever saw - and -*lnc8 h*
I foWk ®WwiMlm I 'Will aTia lH[ W% ! Pliiilr fi'i "." d street ' Salt Ulke Ci^ y> Ltah ' wrltes: cure." • catarrn has taken one bottle of Peruaa he seems
I i^ilWl HPimum % ! ill i fl^. |||! |ji|||i Ul'l r P t e hink a irh S as° afre^gthlSed my Tyjtlm. Daniel Wright. Clari Palls. Conn.. "^ s.'s'matoV wmiam CaU of Tlorld*,
I Wmm WlMW\ ' ! a->. . jr - ! li P'i i ! M \ £Z?l m C r peruna'and n soon fan! Wrltes: " l have been Kettln ° for Wrltps: "Peruna has been recommended
I WBM, f/flmmW i' I l! OFTHF > illli tLln- two years and could hardly hear a com- by many reliable persons and has been
\\ WW^l/lW X/W&Hix III 1 \\V • *' ¦¦•¦— i lUttty Mffl •¦ restorea. mon conversation. I took two bottles of used by some members of my family."
tfl|»PB^^ jjfyffirlui BJBw I'i i ' MM ''liJmiSifali Geor?e T. Hamilton, Anaconda, Mont., Peruna and now I can\hear as well as Other prominent men who indorse Pa-
fi\l M 1 Ifl rail* iTlLSC^AAT llaS^li^^lj Writes: "I consider myself cured of ca- e%er " '• rU «!L~l--« M t t tw,«*». «•» >•
Wll WSB»^S<VV(0 r fi ? f liiMiT*^S/ !l nlKll£&E U.U i tarrh of the urinary organs after using En. Ernc«t lappenbnsch. Duncan, S. D.. , Congressman L. I. I.lvuar,.on, or At-
¦ is W^nS^m JILliniilffi M%v/^ 1 * "tn p ji j six botti es O f pcruna.- Wrltea: ..! usePeruna for aI1 klnd3 of iB^^ Iiailia H> o , wort2llartoa oz
'H e^iMKfi^^^^ril rarivHiilaiai A am !' i'l^E Mi,« Anjrusta V. Sinn, Merriniac. Iowa, ills and consider it the b^st medicine. I ITevada.
AM :^W1 ** 1 Ty? i I I- rfi II I TWO' " Writes: "When I wrote you for your ad- can do any kind of work since Peruna Congressnaan H. W. O^dea of I.oul«-
lu\mW'iiM/**>W/S I Hifflft n^lllf I' I I | Mm j vice my health was all run down. I took ewr fY IT e- I . wlsh . t'Yf 1 "/ suffering woman iana.
1 iSWSl «Li'^*^^^^r« mil ' 'L ' !| I : Piil'Hpl ! Peruna according to directions, and now could know how it helped me. Congressman Brownlow of T«nne,,»».
' /(HSw^^^feA 1 ft ISlfiU FY^tlj ! i 'IIB 1 can say I am well." Mr,. Mattie Smith, 415 Jeffer.on Street. mSXTiU. 0 '" 0 W ' BSliVX ' ° S
e-V''V\ft^ra^% Wm B I 1^" ¦/¦ « ¦*• ¦ li I i I illili; Cha«. V. Fereira, of Jersey City, K. J., WilmlnsTton, Del., Congressman Irvine Dunjaa, of Jack*
«V U^^V^^^ YA&ziS 9i III !i! ! liil '(••'li^raK 1 ' " 2 Beacon avenue, writes: "I had catarrh Writes: "Last fall when I besan the use 10nt Ohio -
ftH \l i% >r5^»/S|V 'I'll ' It: - raB A SS 5^3 *• ! lSS!il ' for ovor } ] ve vears - - so 1 trled a11 the P a " of Peruna I was in poor health and Conjrresinian D. T. WUber. of Oneon-
M» X V* %n P M M : ! I • Ptfi AAl/B^Milr tent medicines, until I found Peruna. wolphed only S5 pounds. By the faith- **• N - ?• , ,. «^
f\^^ «\ lilt I " '' ' I tWV*^ 1^' || jl || I 'II The first bottle I took .helped me so f,,i use of Peruna I am cured of mv Senator J. M. Thnrston. Trom Omaha,
• 111 >Vl // h - < *«Mi«&SL ! l|l| \> . -. ! l I I'!' 'I ! I much that I kept on usins It until I was troubles" ' Net>r.
1 IftA N A n^ 4 Iv I AN*' i " JliaMi cured." Es-Coa^reasman Jcia B. Clark of Mis-
1 I * % \n%^§m$k aj f orgAIr . °-«— s - h »7 Powe " " rt " Jota i l:lt"'"- "s&j-.— *. -. *»»* ***¦
I tflfS-J fa ''* rf; lr^fe^4J«»i Il»i!L,!L. \Jf I * Vv iiilini II! I mont, erset. Pa.
! ft^k / WjfiL W/ffA %Wl 4^ r-lltoito • w , | , writes fromMorrisville. Vt.: "Peruna I Writes: "At the solicitation of a friend Eon. Judson W. I,yon,, Kezlater V. S.
$»f& tJrfiiRSl!', 'Y///M/ VM/k'li hive used in mv familv with success. I my used Peruna. and it Improved Treasury.
F/'M^^^&y / W¥wi, /^SS#V ' It I! LnrecommenTitafan excellent^^llmily her conditlongenerally. It Is a remark- Slla. Hare. Ex-Chief Justlc. of JT«w
ll\%s&k*&'ffli- nwr§* I I li II remedy and very good for coughs, colds able remedy. Uexico. ,„„
' W^^mWML^ I VMM -" catarrhala « ections " U. S. Baator M. C. Bntler of South SftSf dTn^t 5e?!v?'pro»S?S!i SS^
/ ftf&Wk %k **&¦ \a rrfaSiT riffll ¦r~^ifBffl?W!JHw e> *'-* M^nn i ¦ » 1 1- BwfiS ito 3 Conffressnian J. A. Barhain of Santa Carolina, factory results from the use of Peruna.
kMWwM0^^^^^^^t>^ m^^ Si^r^ruSV'Sff^S'&ffr^W sfo^S^r^lTTha^ belnSl y^ur Sfc^ffl. *° ™ V "" Me
or tS?r' '" I recommend It as an excellent remedy for medicine for a short perioU and I feel Address Dr. Hartrnan President of
JBfodF^ I all catarrhal troubles." very much relieved." The Hartman Sanitarium Columbus O.
PE-RU-NA RESTORES 200,000 CATARRH PATIENTS EACH YEARSAIL. FOR SUEZ CANAL*
Firemen Ask More Wage*.
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 9. — No deci
sion nas yet been reiiched at the confer
ence between General Manager Madge
of. the Santa Fe and the grievance
committee of the firemen of the road.
It was announced to-day that the con
ference had been postponed until next
week, when another effort will be made
to come together on the 'question of
wages and other concessions asked for
by the firemen. .
PEKING, Jan. 9. — The ."Japanese
Minister to China, M. Uchida, and
Prince Ching. the Grand Secretary,
had a long interview here yesterday
and discussed the - prospects of war
between Russia and Japan. 'Prince
Ching announced that China had de
cided to maintain neutrality and ex
pressed great interest in the nature of
the Russian reply recently trans
mitted to Japan. M. Uchida was non
committal on this subject-
It is reported here that Japan is
chartering many more commercial
ships for use as naval colliers and sup-
Prince Ching Makes This Announce
ment to Japanese Minister. . *
CHINA WILL BE NEUTRAJj.
President Burt said to-day that the.
report that' he would succeed Marvin
Hughitt as president of the Chicago
and Northwestern. Railroad was abso
lutely without foundation. Beyond his
projected pleasure, trip he has no plans
for the immediate future.
OMAHA.* Xeb., Jan. 9. — -Horace G.
Burt. the* retiring president of the
Union Pacific Railroad, has sold his
Omaha resid*ence property and will, it
is said, remove to Chicago, where he
will reside "for the present. 'Shortly
after leaving Omaha, however, he will
began an extensive trip, planned* be
fore his resignation. > •
Orunha.
Former President of the Union Pacific
Has Sold HIT Property in
BURT WILL CiO TO •
CHICAGO TO LIVE
The Japanese military attache here
has been directed to return to Japan
immediately.
The reports that the Russian answer
is of such a nature that some time
must elapse before any decisive action
be taken are apparently borne out by
the information received in diplomatic
circles here. The reply is said to raise
new questions, which will require time
for consideration.
VIENNA, Jan. 9. — The Austrian-
Hungarian Foreign Office has received
a cable message from Tokio saying
Japan has no intention of taking any
offensive measures in Korea so long
as the negotiations with Russia are
going on. The officials and diplomats
here are hopeful. They believe the
chances for a peaceful adjustment of
the dispute is distinctly better, since
the Russian answer apparently is more
favorable than the early reports sug
gested.
Their Coa*ideration by Japan Insures
Weeks of Delay.
RUSSIA RAISES XEW QUESTIONS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— In the forth
coming edition of the Xew York Med
ical Journal Dr. S. B. Tracy discusses
the, therapeutical possibilities of ra
dium, advancing the belief that it may
be ultimately used internally as a med
icine. He says:
"The property possessed by radium
of imparting its activity to various
fluids, as shown In experiments, seems
to offer reasonable ground for hopa
that, in this way, it may be therapeut
ically administered internally and the
fight against bacterial disease be waged
directly in the tissues affected, through
the agency of the blood and lymph cir
culations and the various internal se
cretions. It IS true that such retention
of properties in the radium fluids is
only temporary, but • the process of
manufacture is so simple that when
radium is available .in greater quan
tities than at present there will be. no
difficulty in* any suitable case in keep
ing up 'the supply of freshly prepared
and active solution^"
Xcw York Physician Believes Sub
stance Possesses Properties AVhich
May Be Used Against Disease.
SAYS RAUIUM MAY BE
v USED AS MEDICIXE
Kasaga left flrsL The Niassin sailed
half an hour later.
Much comment has been aroused by
the fact that some of the vessels of
the Russian Mediterranean squadron
have gathered at Suda Bay, north of
the Island of Crete, apparently await
ing the departure of the Japanese
ships.
JAPAX SETS TIME LIMIT.
Bian army, while the Japanese pur
. l.f.s" litle but salt fish, chiefly salmon.
The head of one of the largest com
mission houses in the city, who re
fuses to allow the u.«e of his name, has
an order for 3.000,000 pounds of mess
beef, besides a large quantity of
canned fruits and vegetables. This or
der, he s«iys, is unsual, but will not
seriously affect the market, as stocks
at present are large.
Another large house positively de
nies having received any unusual or
der from the Orient, but admits being
prepared at any moment to make an
extraordinary shipment.
In fact, this is the general tenor of
the street. 1 Commission men have
bepn watching the situation in the Far
Cast closely; their agent3 are there and
In constant communication with the
sSan Francisco houses. Just what the ¦
confidential advices and orders from
these agents were are facts closely;
guarded. The result is that enough
t.i.i. Is -to supply an army are prepared
for immediate shipment. The • next
thrc« ste_mers of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company will carry full
cargoes to some one of .the Oriental
ports. The commission men, who have
been acting very quietly, peek to give
out the impression that all this activ
ity means nothing. It is simply, they
claim, an order which has annually
been placed with an Eastern house,
but' this year was secured by a San
Francisco firm. The Sa.n Francisco
firm «&* unable to fill the order alone
and divided it among other houses.
This statement comes on the face
of one from a- house In the same line
that there is nothing unusual about
the order and that it can be and is
regularly filled in this city. All agree,
however. * in stating that San 'Fran-'
ciaco will undoubtedly get the Jion's
chare of the business. .Armour & Co.
stand ready to supply even an extra
ordinary order, but claims the ship
ment on such an order would be
through their Eastern house. They
report the market as firm, with a
weakening tendency.^
Ttre market is heavily enough stock
ed at present to permit of the ship
ment of. the unusual order without
greatly affecting prices, but, as one
, wholesaler expressed it. "The shipment
of a heavy order and the outbreak of
j war will furnish an excellent excuse
to raise prices and in the present.con
dition of the market such an excusQ
¦ vlll hardly be overlooked."
is regarded as premature in diplomatic
circles here. It is pointed out that
the Russo-Japanese negotiations are
not broken off. The opinion here is
that any proposition of Intervention
would be useless and probably harm
ful.
Continued From Pagr 21. Colnmn 7.
Probabilities and possibilities are dis
cussed everywhere, and in all public
places, high and low, sympathy is ex
pressed for the "little Japanese." As
far 'as the masses are "concerned; the
Anglo- Japanese alliance j is - Immensely
popular. "? : \
A j Peking dispatch to Reuter's Tele
graph Company says:
"According- to /trustworthy -diplo
matic . information received here, the
'Russian reply^ though- conciliatory in
tone, is unsatisfactory in v substance.
The Stock Exchange relapsed into a
distressing state of apathy. This was
deepened on Friday by a rumor that
the Russian reply was altogether un
satisfactory and that Japan had 35.000
troops ready to start for Korea. Con
sols made a fresh low record, but clos
ed the week a shade above the worst.
S Meanwhile Continental bourses have
continued calm, if not optimistic. Paris
throughout the week remained a buyer
of gilt-edged securities.-
On Friday night the war . scare
reached the climax when the papers
declared that war was_ inevitable.
When it became known to-day that the
Russian reply was certain to at leasz
bring a further rejoinder - from , Japan
London began to share the confident
view of European capitals that
war was not immediately to be declarr
ed.' and that it was not inevitable.
A significant remark, indicating that
no very speedy progress - Would be
made in the further negotiations, was
that by Baron Hayashi, the Japanese
Minister to Great Britain, who, in an
interview, said:
"The suspense is now -over, as far as
Japan is concerned. It is now Rus
sia's turn to wait." -t
It has been a week of suspense. On
Monday it was officially known from
St. Petersburg that the long-expected
Russian reply had been dispatched to
Tokio. As the week passed without
the nature of the answer becoming
public, London began to believe the
worsL This apprehension was foster
ed by Japan instituting a news cen
sorship and rumors of Russian war
ships sailing under sealed orders to
destinations which were unasceftain
able.
Diplomatic and official circles have
been .extremely, guarded in their ut
terances, but from fragmentary ex
pressions escaping from Downing
street and the embassies it Is apparent
that this pessimism is shared in the
best informed circles.
mistic, due. probably, to the mass of
reports from all quarters of the globe,
mostly conflicting, regarding the na
ture of Russia's reply and the warlike
movements and preparations of Japan
and Russia.
French Cruiser Reaches Chemulpo.
. SEOUL, Korea. Jan. 9. — The French
second-class cruiser Pascal is about to
join the other foreign warships off
Chemulpo-
RUSSIA'S TENTH ARMY CORPS BEING HURRIED TO MANCHURIA
Cruiser Sails Under Secret Orders.
PORT SAID, Jan. 9. — H. M. S. Diana
has sailed for the East under secret
orders. The Diana is a protected
cruiser of the second class, with a ton
nage of 5600 and speed of 19.5 knots.
LOXDOX, Jan. 9. — It is reported
that vessels of the Russian Mediter
ranean squadron have gathered at
Suda Bay, north of the island of Crete,
to watch the movements of the Japan
ese ships which sailed to-day from
Genoa, and, in the event of a declara
tion of war, to intercept them.
HONOLULU, Jan. 9. — More than
sixty sailors have deserted the vessels
of the United States naval fleet here,
and. acording to reports, they intend
joining: the Russian navy. Admiral
Alexieff having made promises of* in
creased pay.
Sjeeial Cablfgram to The Call and Xew York
Herald. Copyright. 1904. by the New York
Herald Publishing: Company.
Sixty Sailors Intend Enlisting on War
!-liips of Russian Navy.
YANKEE TARS DESERT.
It . is not known whether Russia's
concession goes to the extent of relin
quishing her contention for a neutral
zone across Northern Korea, but It is
understood that it relates chiefly to
giving definite assurance of Japan's
rights in Southern Korea.
Although reports of mediation con
tinue to circulate, the authoritative
statement was made to-day that no
PARIS, Jan. 9.— Official advices re
ceived to-day further convince those
in the highest authority that the Rus
so-Japanese war crisis has been avert
ed, at least for the present, and that
the. situation is being brought distinct
ly within the lines of diplomatic adjust
ment.
Reports, chiefly from Tokio, "but also
from St. Petersburg, give a clear view
of the circumstances leading up to the
sudden improvement at the situation.
They show that the Russian answer
actually reached Tokio the night of
January 6, and proved to be the turning
point. Prior to its receipt Japan had
been maRing strenuous preparations
for sending two divisions to Southern
Korea. The official reports establishing
"these preparations are beyond '-. the
slightest , question, but the note re
ceived on the 6th disclosed to Japan for
the first time that Russia fully conced
ed Japan's paramount rights in South
ern Korea. •• : ¦'¦¦-.
Russia's concession thus gave Japan
practically what she had been prepar
ing,^ assert by force, and, accordingly,
military activity .was suspended, as
Russia's concession made unnecessary
Japan's forcible assertion of paramount
position;; in Southern Korea.
The three days succeeding January 6
gave. an opportunity to the authorities
in Tokio to consider and. recognize Rus
sia's concession. Whether it will be
satisfactory the reports have not dis
closed, but the suspension of military
activity Is regarded as removing the
most dangerous aspect and as giving
hope that Japan is likely to receive
Russia's answer in a conciliatory spirit.
Belief That Russian Concessions to
i • Japan Insure Peace.
Japan, it is further stated from the
same source, desires to obtain further
delay in order to complete her prepara
tions, and' will therefore continue the
negotiations. The prospects of war
before spring continue very strong."
¦ . - - ,, , .»
HOPE REVIVES IN PARIS.
The Temps this evening gave promi
nence to a statement, purporting to
come from important private Russian
sources, explaining Russia's present
pacific tendencies. It asserts that Bezo
brazoff, who has been looked upon as
the leader of the Russian war party,
recently incurred the hostility of the
Grand Duke Alexander and that the
latter, who strenuously opposed war
with Japan, succeeded in impressing
his views upon the Czar. The paper
adds that as a result of the personal
feeling aroused by the incident, Bezo
brazoft obtained leave to go abroad and
intends to depart from St. Petersburg
during the next two or three days, thus
confirming previous London and St.
Petersburg reports that Bezobrazoff
had lost the favor of the Czar.
steps have been- taken by France to
ward mediation. It is pointed out that
such a movement, if addressed to-Ja
pan, probably would originate with
Great Britain, owing to their close po
litical relations.
PEKING, -Jan. 9. — The Chinese Em
peror has ratified the American and
Japanese treaties of commerce with
China.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— In view of
Minister Conger's last advices, the of
ficials here were prepared for the news
of thecommercial treaty's signature by
the Emperor. Besides,' they knew that
certain extraneous influences adverse to
the treaty had disappeared, or, at least,
had been suspended. The next step In
order is the exchange in ratifications of
the treaty.
Profiting by past experiences in the
deliberate methods of Oriental diplom
acy,,Secretary Hay caused the Ameri
can commissioners, headed by Consul
General Goodnow, to allow a very liber
al period of time for this part of the ne
gotiations, so that the date was set a
year ahead, making it next October.
However, the department, with the con
currence of the Chinese authorities, will
make every effort to secure a speedy
exchange.
The treaty will be forwarded to the
Not the slightest difficulty is expected
at the State Department in putting into
operation those sections of the treay
providing for the opening to American
commerce of the now ports of Moukden
and Antunpr. The President has pre
pared for this by submitting: estimates
to Congress for the salaries of Consuls
and nominations will be sent in very
soon. On their confirmations the Con
suls will proceed to Peking, present
their credentials, obtain their exequa
turs, and. repairing to their posts, will
open consular offices, ready to clear
American merchant ships for the first
time from interior Manchurian ports.
United States from Peking and with
ordinary diligence in its dispatch should
be In Washington about six weeks
hence. The exchange must take place
in Washington between Secretary Hay
and Sir Chentung Liang Cheng 1 , the
Chinese Minister here. After that cere
mony the treaty will' be proclaimed by
the President and a date set for its pro
visions to take effect. As these largely
concern customs dues and affect ship
ping, there may be some allowance of
time on these points.
Agreement Provides for Opening of iwo
Manchurian Ports Now Occupied
by the Russian Troops.
CHINESE RULER RATIFIES
COMMERCIAL TREATY
WITH UNITED STATES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10, 190i. \
Russia Wants No Intervention.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jta. 9.— The
tuRgesiion of the intervention of other
powers In Uae Far Eastern situation
the Far Eastern Situation.
Tjondon More : Optimistic ' Regarding
LONDON, Jan. 10.— The shadow of
the Far Eastern situation during the
past week has fallen darker on London
than on" other 'European capitals: The
feeling here, i reflected JT from "". London
newspapers, haa been decidedly pessi-
WEEK OP SUSPENSE ENDS.
GENOA. Jan. 9.— The Japanese
armored cruisers Kasaga*and*Niassin
left Genoa to-day 4 for Suez. Despite
the early, hour— 4:30 o'clock — many
persons gathered" this morning to see
the warships leave aijd to give a last
cheer "for Japan.' -Through the eemi
darkness the brilliantly lighted ships
could be clearly seen, * The Italian
sailors on board the departing ships
exchanged loud salutations with their
countrymen * on the, docks or on 'the
steamships anchored near them. The
Japan's . Xew Cruisers Bejrln Their
Voyage to the Orient:
Addresses Note to Russia and De
mands an Early Response.
TOKIO, Jan. 9. — Japan addressed a
note to Russia to-day, through Min
ister Rosen. Its character has not
been disclosed, -but it is- said that
Japan requires an answer within a
given number of days. Whether the j
note mentions the time, making the
document an ultimatum, or whether
the time is intimated otherwise, is un
known. The Government, however, is
determined to obtain an early response
and close the discussion, if it should
prove to be fruitless.
It is understood that Japan adheres
flosely to her original contentions,
and. r It is believed, that if Russia fails
to fairly- met the demands, war will
ensue.
The attitude of the British and
Americans greatly encourages the
Japanese war epirit, vrhich is stronger
than ever.
The meeting of the elder statesmen
has been deferred, for a day or two.
The Russian warships • which left
Vladivostok recently are reported to
have returned there, instead of pro
ceeding to Port Arthur, as expected.
Despite.the general Impatience, there
is no public excitement here.
Sasebo, twenty-five 'miles from Na
gasaki, is full of officers* and their
families and .friends,. .yho are bidding
them farewell. , ;
, The suggestion cohiained.in a dis
patch from Berlin' of «the possible par
tition of Korea betiveen Japan and
Russia meets with n© acceptance here.
The Japanese officials regard it as
further evidence of German support
of Russia. ,\"
24
A_>VESTI3ia---Ji TS»
I Chiffoniers
were used
long ago
In the' days of our great-
grandmothers the women
folk used low, wide chests
of drawers for their
linen underwearing apparel.
Somebody decided that it
would be" a good idea to
make them taller and nar-
rower. Right then the mod-
ern chiffonier came into use.
Of course the cabinet-work
and finish have been con-
stantly improved.
The chiffonier pictured
above is the product of one
of America's foremost fac-
tories. It represents the sort
"of quality that quickly builds
an enviable reputation for a
furniture store. Measures
•J2 inches high and 28 inches
wide. In golden quartered
oak and birdseye maple,
at $40.00.
261 to 281 Geary Street
1 At Union Square
CLEARANCE
SALE,
Discount,
I on
Everything.
I S. & 6. GUMP GO.
j -? 113 Geary Street.
; ARMENIANS AGAIN
JN STATE OF DREAD
! Officials ami Residents nf Sassoun
Flee for Fear of Another
MiKSHTO.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Jan. 9.— Ad-
j vices from Erzeroum say the people of
1 Sassoun are in a state of semi-panic,
; fearing a repetition of the events of.
! 1S94. The local Governor and other
1 officials have fled. Tewflk Pasha, with
• several battalions of troops and six
I g'ur.s. has arrived at Mush, where the
I feeling of anxiety is intense.
Detachments of Kurdish cavalry
have b*en stationed at all the villages
! along the Russian frontier to prevent
] the passage of Armenian bands. A
j thousand armed Armenians are in the
[ district of Sassoun. They are com-
| manded by a chief name^ Antranik.
Bt-TXETt. - Pa;.- Jan. 0— One death from
typhoid fever and one new case- «rr» r^Tx»rt»>l
to-day. *• •
i r~*~**^ ~~———— ———__———
AJVEBTTSETyrSSTTS...
W~E A K M^ifN
Tr TOO SUFFER FROM A*T OT THK W_vs.
| linn* or d'fniM niM by Icnoraac* <•:„
' I «lp«uoa or coBta?fcc tOXi AR_ th_ vest
I PKUSOX WE WANT TO TALK TO. .
1 DRS. SHORES' &• SHORES -
1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PILES.
Cured Quickly and Without Pain.
There are pile ' remedies without
number, but there is only one cure,
and that is the Pyramid Pile Cure,
which is in the form of a suppository
and Is applied directly to the seat of
the trouble.
Any physician will tell you that for
the proper treatment of Piles nothing
can compare with a suppository,
whereas the greater number of prep-
arations that are offered to you for
the treatment of this disease are lo-
tions, salves and ointments." "Why?
Because they are not so expensive as
a suppository, which is bound to con-
tain more costly ingredients and
which requires special machinery
to make it; moreover, a suppository
inserted up the rectum comes in direct
contact with the cause of the com-
plaint, and j no other form of treat-
ment does so.
Wallace Cookman. Hallerton. P. Q.,
Canada, writes: "I have had two sur-
gical operations for piles' and they
were not a success; after using three
boxes- of Pyramid Pile Cure I feel as
though I never had piles, and they
have afflicted me for twenty-flve
years.".
B. H. Palmer, Windsor, Cal.: "After
suffering from piles for fifteen years
and trying different salves and olnt-
: ments in vain I was completely cured
by the use of two fifty-cent packages
of Pyramid Pile Cure."
. These and thousands of similar let-
ters go to show that piles can ,be
cured, are cured. Cured to stay cured.
Cured so they won't come back. Cured
j without cutting. Cured without dan-
1 ger. Cured without- pain. Cured with-
out detention from work. Cured with-
out indelicate examinations. Cured in
privacy of home. Cured by self rap-
plied, treatment. . Cured. with very lit-
tle expense. .Cured without the dread
and publicity of waiting your turn
at the surgeon's office. Cured .with-
out a dangerous surgical operation,
its period of enforced invalidism, te-
dious convalescence and heavy ex-
pense." .You simply buy and apply 'a
cheap* and convenient remedy; It does
the rest.''
s All druggists sell Pyramid Pile Cure
at fifty cents a package, and we urge
all sufferers to write the Pyramid
Drug- Co., Marshall, Mich., for their
little book on "The Causes and Cure
- of PJles," which Is sent ; free for the
ADVERTISEMENTS, ¦¦*..-•- ¦
_ H§§ firla Hif IHi J®r -9V irO »___§»
1 rriF yoLTmisscd the fir-t, pomt fail to attend during th_ second week or our big sale. -^3 II
This mighty sale has been a record breaker" from the beKinninpr. It's the Rreat Clearance Sale which *is recognized as the greatest value-
eivinc sale of the season. We are making a clean sweep of every dollar's worth of Winter Merchandise — all the broken lines and remnants of every
description at prices thai mean a saving to you from 25 per cent to 50 per cent. • One of the strong features of this sale are the marvelous reduc-
tions that have been made 'on all our SUITS, WRAPS and WAISTS, and no matter, the loss every garment has got to go.
THE GREATEST REDUCTION SALE IN LADIES' SUITS, COATS, SKIRTS and WAISTS
TAILORED SUIT REDUCTIONS. . NOVELTY COAT AND JACKET REDUCTIONS DRESS AND WALKING SKIRT REDUCTIONS
Our 817 50 Ladies' Soils to close' al 67 OK Our S7.50 Milifary Coats to close it QJ[ QR Our $5 Walking Skirts to close O*J OK
A l»rce va'-loty but broken line*. Ia : Blow \( tQO M«d 8 of Black Kersey, with new pouchy A*f'_ They come In Oxford, Tan and Black; nicely Aj'_ V
ar.3 Jacket Suits ' * . ' *"¦' ? M * sleeves. * W • Each stitched. . , W*» E»ct
Sgss^^lllsiii MiilipS S7-50 H^^^ISi $K$
Our $30 and S35 Dress and Walking: Suits for fi I ft 85 "* „"*?«, , .„» r« - ,!•'«/. Our S17 ' 50 Black Etamlne Skiris for CIO.50
in *«« : "it 'mou*. «nd j.cke? xyie, of JS|H'_°X '^ur «5 and $22.50 HoTelty Coats for OfC 00 t*? M lDk - *w-.h»«"« 8ktrU: fancy 4IZVLh
¦wcaett.BWtert-te.- . WIWri *' Military effects: very popular «tyles; were \ I H 'J "" * J ,1 „„„,.„ ,.„,-...
Our S40 and $45 Suits to clow - OOC 00 l250 ° and $22WV Our $22 - 50 and * 25 Rain Coats for. 017 RO
•one* n'Mrr, fi is- W*tU E.clx Our fine 1 35.00 Velvet Coat* at $17.30 each waterproof. • ¦ . . *" II E»ch
marvelous waist offers. ) f TREMENDOUS BARGAINS IN GINGHAMS ) ( RpmarhtilP <\fllp nf Rllfk 1
$4.50 and $5.00 SILK.WAISTS, to close Of QR 1800 yds. 25c & 40c Ginghams for |7fi eo S ii ?n " * •! nn « 1» « ., . -«
Ahmit K-0 aro prouped in this lot that 01 - w Come earl >' tomorrow morning if you | | U $/.J)U, $O.0U 3(1(1 $4.UU flSCK RUlIS, all at O I hll
pr*» boun.l to po in one day. There aro E»:h wa nt to participate in the biggest ging- T»rd Sach prices on such a collection of iM llJU
Waists of Taffeta nnd JVau do Soio; Intm* latosi ham on » er | ng that you have ever been asked to choice Nock Ruffs have never been quot- w reh
colors: orlpinally sold at. $<..*>0 and ? ! J-°" : J' l jT attend. We closed out all the sample pieces from e d in this city. Think of getting $2 50 < S3. 50
cl^an up price Each Bl.VO' a big wholesale house at less than half price. The an( j $4.00 values for Each JS1 5O
Our $6 and $7.50 SILK WAISTS, to close 0 0,95 2^^S&£^%g^&?$2SS$S On SiiIe Monday/ i '"
v, T r Sr;r n Kin al aTd $5553* la s^ d0 Si IVA vo?r rs c : ho w «c e^h m ifo 0^S^ g *S38?JSg Tuckings and Allovers. at Half.
Uaist*; b.st colorings «nd stylos; were $«: now Rajrillar lOl/r Wrannpr Flannel fnr 50c Tuckings and Allovers for Yard 2.-,c
Each $3.05, UUl negUldl IZ/2C Wl.ppei rianiieilOl ft p 75c Tuckings and Allovers for Yard USc
Our CheTicI and Flannel Waists, were $2l50 now . . $1.48 f™ g^JtoSSJ 8 TS P c- 9 U l]°° I uc j;! neLaB ; t!!° v ° rs for •-^E-TgJte
Per Cherist and Flannel Waists, were S5 and S6-, now S3.65 J [ for Yard «><. w nrd J | sirso Tuckings and amoves for Yard 75^ J
In conjunction with our marvelous Clearance" Sale offers we announce, beginning to-morrow, a Great Saving Sale of Muslin Underwear, an offering that
«in «:irr.iR« «n barjrain piving the best this or suiy other store has over made. \\ e have been planning for this sale, for months, and the aim has not been hnw
cheap wV o.\uM sell vou. tot for how littl.? we could supply t_orou*_ly food underwear. As a result we now invite you to participate in some phenomenal Fn-
doi tv.ar barpains. Tables and counters are iieaped with the most reliable and well made Gowns, Skirt», Drawers ani Corgst Covers. The great sale begins
to-morrov.-. The saving advantages are indeed extraordinary. -—=—-—————_—____________
} DRAWERS. I 8 CORSET COVERS. | r^ «> \ , GOWNS. | | SKIRTS. |
"^ir^J^W IQC iv^r^meTwTth^l 15 C " " WW > *$£?'*$"&«*£{ UL r 'J |" SkirtS Jg» ° ffer
lik-Sd. of P«d mus-^ 17W edpe. good value 25c; f * ww Cf ? <k~^C2?' / *"<">««. hemstitching \ Q3C what we consider unques-
lln. worth 35c; on sale) Each sale price J Each srfL\^7 ZM/ Si %*™*l\^lll ™ xX *) Farh tionably the best values we
or^tr c^r^u A iv^m^rw?th n e c m e :l25e FM&%m( ™<££^ ?&$™4$%® °- -
Ished with tucks and* 7UC broidery edging; reg. f MVW J> \F$aT A&SP nnd square yoke, beau- 1 0 A- two lines, but over 2O differ-
hems^ohing; worth] «£ *To tT.\ 8 *C otTrn i WJlirW-/ slucnVfruffle^ 5VC e,U styles to choose from-
t-iie«''3>r*w.r. O trimmed with lace.Vm-' ,- L/®1^>>lU#L $125 KRCh on sale as follows:
trimmed with cmbroid-i rA A broidery. neat l:em- •- \*\r tferVXp) / fU'i£&k _adie«' Gowns, madel nj) «< C n m ; 1 . ¦ qn
rry lace, tucks and J- 3UC stitching; worth 50c; www rV > W/ / If W& with square yoke, che- 1 >lt w »' 41.DU SKinS, S8I8 price • . y»C
hemstitching: wqrth ] for J Hich \ *</M I U^K& * m - EC e ", ect * tH^! 1 \ l^ y i S2 00 Skirts sale nrica Si 50
'be: en sale J Facn Conet CoTen, a"» \ I sA^Sl^^^CSv trimmed; worth Sl.oO.J Each vt.uu OKinb, sdie price . 01. ov
I.'ftdie«' Driwer«,n5C- large variety, trimmed [ r ft/ , h *f^\*4CZ£^ ' lAdlea 1 Oow_«, rtnO $2.50 Skirfs, Sah Dries . . $1.95
of the best i-ambric, ; -^ 9 - with hemstitching: Y J^lfC / X ?L4>«D \ /f2$gY£l\J\ ished with round and , C|.2o .«„„„,., . . rn
finest FYench cmbrold- r*l«*«» ribbon, embroidery and tJV Xi'*^"'! square neck. French Y «pi S3. 00 Skirls, Sale price . . S2.50
ery and lace, on sale atJ FJ»ch lace: worth 75c: for... J Kach / Jji&JL vV,/ / embroidery and lace; ,.., ».,. . r . _ o '
II u h ., . H /A V^)M worth *i.95 --Each $4.50 Skirts, sale price .. $3.50
Our fine lino of Indies" Also a beautiful assort- / sfactt&K\r^^ \ II ' II \ "
Drawers, beautifully lace ' Tr.rnt of Corset Covers of / / /Vfi&fj?(i \ \ A magnificent lino of , .1
ar.d embroidery trimmed. the finest material and / .( ATwW? 7\ \ i\ Gowns, ver>' high class in H Cheml»e« — A large vari-
cut extra full, to be sold at diintiest embroidery and / /C I veW_!\ \_ J&L every particular; finished ety, in short skirt effects,
special prices f: >m ..SI .50. I I lace trimmed'; special at... \2J \' /^^y\ fevS^m with" the daintiest lace and beautifully trimmed with
•<- r»O •• ' S.~.O«» .1 Pair j i 7,"»«v .<I.<M> to $:t,,"O Ea. 3 f~^ J\ JSSsZZ&t**.^ embroidery: special at lace and embroidery, at....
1 ..' Ml ' AJ> / ll^^^fi^ JM.r.O. .-S-.OO. g»7.oO Ea. \ ."»<><•. 7."i«'. 81. S.'J.oO Ea.
UNDK"V\KAMnnd HOSIE'' YCLEARANCE tV' r s i '
LafiifE 1 Oseita Unions ; Ladies* Swiss Wool Vests, f */&\ \^a — 1 1 i> • i-»j 1 n L J n
STiit«. the $: .::> qual- (\Z r the best grades, in white, pink. /C%W KPfl 11(^1 flFIQ \W F flPrfiflWn KftllPQ JHIfl NflPflllP^
ity. U\ white and gray. [ V3C sky blue and black. Reduced g ROlIUullUIIO III LIUCIUUlTII llUUbO 01111 OaUljUuOi
j>:i sixes, on special as follows: yVi A l\ t'S^v ' Every garment must be cleared but. Radical reductions have
sale at - Each - t -^ 1C -^ <._ c^_i, **&&**&£ Xrvfa^'$* f A. been made for the immediate disposal of every Sacque or Robe now
Children"* Under--, +l f Jl.CD CdCll. _MTJi_3?%&3iV: in stock. . . -.
wear, fine jersey ribbed i /<¦• '• ' Jt0 ° Eiderdown Robrs. now ' Each «_.OS
v«sts and pants: per- j /^f Children's Hosiery,! 15 <^**=*^S^ S S*@W J5.50 Eiderdown Robes, now , Each So. OS
fectly pmooth-flnished f fast Mack <iyo. double; |^f '\*^^_9'<_5S^*' Jir>0 Dressing Sac^ues. now .". *. Each ;>S«.
scams; all sizes; white! Esch knees and soles: sizes,. v -«— • $2.00 Dressing Sacques, novr Each Si.ilo
and gray; worth 35c..- 1 5 to SH: worth 25c; forJ Pair J2.50 Dressing Sacques, now : — Each $12. OO
T n'll n • COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROM1T ATrEXTIOX. rn n p xa q»\i SI_ -A « • D^.4-^«4
TWO Ribbon u3r£3inSi it _#^ SOcaoOcbilkraioreenKeduced
At 10c YHrd About 3^ 00 yards Satln and J? *^/"^^r «^ifc/ Moreen; some pood colors arc /h^
uibciut;:^%f<r>zm: «sg^^^^^^^^-^,, aiit>iJ^^' 100 pieces Glass Toweling,
Btitched effects, best colorings: were 25c Kp'in'r'^^^ In Blue" and Rod Chocks; regular valueNEW YORK; Jan. >.— Cornelius Van
derbilt Vlll probably: be chosen .the Re
publican ; candidate for Congress from
Vanderbilt May Run for ; Office.
NEW. YORK, , Jan. 1 9.— Adam ; Nelde-
II nser," .vrho "made -' a big- ; fortune - inT the
maltins business, fell to-day while leav
ing : bis r residence I and , struck a stone
step. He was dead when an ambulance
surgeon arrived. ;'v '^.-. _'';¦;¦.
Malt Brewer Has Fatal Fall.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— These post
masters ; were ,. commissioned to-<lay :
California— Daniel; R. Trout, Boulder
Creek • ''¦ Frank - Storer, j Elmhurst • Mary
I.Syme, French Gulch; Fred H. Smith,
Nestor. ; jS£9fiSSE8BIB8H
Department at WasKlngton Issues
Commissions of Four ¦ Postmas- -
ters In . California. .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON*, Jan. 9.— Secretary
Hay has determined to ask the.Cana
dian Government to Join in a confer
ence looking to the establishment of
international flah -hatcheries on the
Fraser River, in British Columbia, for
the propagation of salmon.
The plan sriggested has been urged
for more than a year by Senator Fos
ter of Washington^ "who has called the
attention of the State Department to
the fact that unless some heroic course
is taken the salmon supply .will be ex
hausted.
sf cretary Ha j Will Ask Conference
;. -With Canada Concerning Inter
national Hatcheries.
SEEKING TO SAVE
SALMON* FISHERIES
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 9.— General
Superintendent Gruber of the Rock
Island gave out an official statement
of the Rock Island wreck at Willard
last Wednesday morning. He says the
blame lies between Conductor Nagle
and Engineer Benjamin, both of the
trainmen having disregarded their or
ders. The question of the responsibil
ity of the trainmen will be further de-
Blames Engineer or Condnctor.
Joliet Steel Plant Reopens.
JOLIET. 111., Jan. 9. — Orders posted
to-day announce the resumption ot
work Monday In all important depart
ments of the JoIIet plant of the Illi
nois Steel Company. The mills hav»
been closed for four weeks. Nearly
3000 men are recalled.
Californians in Xe\v York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— The following
Calif ornians are here: From San Fran-
CTsco — C. Brederman. at the Imperial;'
P. Humbert Jr., at the Hoffman; ~J.
Wichelhausen, at the Earlington; G.
Flamin, at the Herald Square; C. F.
Hanlon. at the Netherland; D. M.
Moses, at the Herald Square; E. O. A.
Ord. at the Astor House; Mrs. S. Salo
mon, at the Vendome.
From Santa Barbara — C. Lilllagtos,
at the St. Denis.
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 9. — The case
of John A. Benson, thu San Francisco
real estate operator, arrested here for
alleged land frauds and subsequently
arrested in New York under an in
dictment found by the' Grand Jury
here, was signed to-day before United
States Commissioner Taylor, the ques
tion being the forfeiture of bond, and
the decision was reserved until next
Wednesday. • ¦ ,
Benson's hearing was called earlier
in the week and he failed to appear.
Assistant United States District Attor
ney Turner argued that his non-ap
pearance constituted a forfeiture of
the $5000 bond, while former Justice
Cole of the District Supreme Court and
Attorney Campbell of San Francisco
contended that such a course amount
ed to harassment: that his appearance
here was unnecessary and would have*
conflicted with the hearing fixed for
Monday in New York and might have
resulted in the forfeiture of the $10,
000 bond he gave there.
Legal Points on Forfeiture of Bond
Argued Before United States
Commissioner Taylor. >
DECISION* RESERVED
IN THE BENSOX CASE
Smoot alleges that, since the mani
festo of President Woodruff in 1S9O|
the practice of. polygamous cohabita
tion by those who were polygamists
theretofore had been abandoned' by,
many, but continued by., some* for . a
time. Where it. was continued It; was
on the sole responsibility of such p'ery
sons, and subject to . the penalties of
thelaw. . > ;
It is denied that any body of the of
ficials either practices or connives at
PRACTICE OF POLYGA3IY.
of said church: that the next high
est governing body in said church
is the twelve apostles, con
sisting of twelve -members of
said church, who 'are under the di
rection of the first presidency,' and
said apostles on the dissolution of the
first presidency for any reason what
soever, then and not otherwise, have
authority equal to such first presi
dency..
"Respondent further alleges that
since the manifesto of President Wll
ford Woodruff was Issued in 1890
.neither a belief in nor a practice of
polygamy or polygamous cohabita
tion has either been taught or en
couraged."
CONTROL OF THE CHURCH/
Smoot admits that the first presi
dency of the Mormon church is vest
ed with supreme authority,,- in all
| things spiritual and in all things tem
poral, so far as temporal things per
tain to the affairs of the church. He
denies that the first presidency or the
twelve apostles are supreme in the
exercise of the alleged mandates. He
says the only accepted standard works
of the church are the Bible (King
James' version), the Book of Mormon,
the Pearl of Great Price and the Doc
trine and Covenants, together with
the manifesto of President Wllf ord
Woodruff, dated 1890. So far as quo
tations are made from any of the fore
going and correctly quoted, the re
spondent makes no complaint, but he
denies the construction placed upon
them by the protestants.
It is admitted that the Mormon
church made a rule in regard /to - its
leading officials taking part in poli
tics, but Smoot denies that this rule
Is fully or correctly \ set forth in the
protest.
In reference to the deposing of Mo
ses Thatcher from the twelve apostles
and his defeat by the church in his
contest for senatorship in the Legis
lature, the respondent denies that the
defeat was due to his opposition to
the rule of the church. He. admits
that remarks were made by George Q.
Cannon, Wllf ord Woodruff, Lorenzo
Snow, " John Henry . Smith, Brigham
Young and Joseph Smith on the sub
ject of such deposition, but denies that
such* remarks are corectly quoted : in
the protest.
termlned at the Coroner's inqueat,
which will be held next week.
Concerning the political significance
of his election as United States Senator,
Mr. Smoot says that" In May, 1902, he
announced he would be a candidate be
fore the Legislature to be next elected,
and that : such declaration was of his
own Judgment.
" Continuing; he says "that the Demo
cratic papers In the State of Utah, op
posing the candidacy of this respond
ent, r staled over and over again In
prominent headlines and in strong edi
torials* that a vote I for the Republican
ticket meant just that much toward
the selection of this respondent as the
next Republican United States Senator
from the State of Utah; that the mem
bers of the Legislature were named and
elected on the issue, and your respond
ent^as the choice by a large majority
of such Legislature as the Republican
United States Senator from the State of
Utah, , and most of the gentile Repub
lican legislators .voted -for this respond-r
eht for such office. ; At the ' time . all of
the Democratic Mormon legislators op
posed his nomination to such office and
voted for another candidate."
TEIXS OF. HIS ELECTION'.
polygamy or that Smoot or any body
of officials sought to pass a law nul
lifying, enactments against polygam
ous cohabitation. It is admitted that
such a law did pass the Utah Legisla
ture in 1891, but it is asserted that
many of the Mormon members voted
against the bill and that, it was vetoed
by the Governor and-that the veto was
sustained by the Legislature, a large
majority of -which were members of
the Mormon church.
Smoot admits the charge that he is
a director, of'Brigham Young Acad
emy, but alleges that he Is not fami
liar with details of the employment of
instructors.
The charge that Smoot, from the
high station of United States Senator,
would urge war upon the home, is
denied in strong terms. He agrees
that the home is the basic institution
upon whose purity and perpetuity
rests the very Government ; itself , and
he alleges that he has as sacred regard
for the station of Senator and for its
duties as has any of the protestants or
the most loyal citizens. He admits
that the enjoyment of the privileges
of statehood must depend upon the
observance of the sacred compact
upon which statehood was secured;
also that the rights thereby granted
are not inalienable, but denies that he
is or ever will be unfitted to make any
law.
the Thirteenth District for next fall's
election. The district leaders have de
cided to offer him the nomination and
all that now remains to make Vander
bilt the candidate is his acceptance
when the nomination is tendered. The
leaders say their only fear on that
point is that the young millionaire
may not care to fight Francis Burton
Harrison, who is now the Democratic
Representative of the district. They
roomed together at Tale and are the
closest, of friends. The district is nor
mally Republican.
"As to the charge that he is a
polyguinlst, the respondent says that
he was married on the 17th day of
September. 1SS4. to Alpha May El
dridge- She is stiil his wife and is
the mother of all his children. He
has never had another wife and has
never cohabited with any other
womzn.
"Second — That he is bound by some
oath or obligation which is inconsis
tent with the oath required by the
constitution which was administered
to him before he took his seat as a
Senator.
"Both these charges respondent de
nies.
"This respondent is advised and
avers that but two of the charges
made against him in said protests,
either directly or by implication, are
-such as, if true, could legally affect
his right to hold his seat in the Sen
ate. These two charges are:
"First — That the respondent Is a
polygamist.
TEXT OF THE PROTEST.
Senator Smoot's protest is as fol
lows:
The attorneys will be heard as to
th*» merits of the case aa already pre
sented. They will tje examined to
show, precedents and authorities and
after they shall have made their pre
sentation the committee will decide
T.-hat to 6.0 further, calling witnesses
or disposing of it on the showing
which will then have been made.
John G. Carlisle of New York, for
merly Secretary of the Treasury, and
It. W. Taylor, formerly a Representa
tive In Congress from Ohio, •will ap
pear for the prosecution, while Smoot
will be represented by A. S. TVorthingr
ton of Washington, D. C; Waldemar
Van Cott of Utah and W. E. Borah of
Idaho.
WASHINGTON*. Jan. Z1. — The re
sponse of Senator Reed Smoot of Utah
to the charges made against him was
presented to the Senate Committee on
Privileges and Elections to-day by
Senator Burrows, chairman of that
committee. The document was in
printed form and the members of the
committee did not go through the for
mality of reading it during the session.
Jt was agreed that at -the regular
ineeti-ijr of the committee, to be held
n-?xt Saturday, the attorneys for Smoot
i.nd for the petitioners should be
h^ard.
ilOHMON "WHO IS STRIVING
TO RETAIN HIS SEAT IN*
THE SENATE.
DEXIES VIOLATION' OF LAW.
"This respondent further denies that
he has ever countenanced or connived
-at any violation of any law either of
the State of Utah or of the United
States, or that he has ever protected
or honored any person or persons who
may have violated the laws of the
land. And this respondent denies that
he is guilty of any practices or any
practice destructive either of the fam
ily or the home. On the contrary,
this respondent alleges that he honors
and respects and obeys all of the laws
of the State of Utah and of the United
States and has never been guilty of
any offense against either.
x "And this respondent further al
tute the first presidency and is the
church and his two counselors consti
tute the first presidency an dis the
highest governing body in said church
and the same has control of the spir
itual and temporal affairs of said
church, but not of the temporal affairs
either of the state or of any members
"The respondent denies that he is one
of said alleged self-perpetuating body
of fifteen men. or that there is any
such body of men; or that the follow
ers or members of the Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter Day Saints, or any of
them, accc-rd the right to said alleged
body to claim supreme authority, either
divinely sanctioned or otherwise, to
shape the belief or control the conduct
of those under them in all or any mat
ters, civil or temporal, and that said
church or such alleged body claims or
exercises any such alleged rights; or
that said church or said alleged body
of men or either of them unite either
in one body or in all of them the au
thority of church and state, or of the
state, or that said church or sad ;,'
leged body or any person or be ly 'ol
ercises any authority or power .Z*.
inculcate or encourage a belief in the
practice of polygamy or belief in or
practice of polygamous cohabitation, or
that cither countenances or connives
at any violation of the laws of the State
of Utah or of the United States, either
regardless of pledges or pledge, or oth
erwise, or at all, either made for the
said alleged purpose, or otherwise, or
at all, or of any covenants or cove
nant, or otherwise, either made with
the people of the United States or any
other person or body; or that said
church or any person or body, by all
or any means whatsoever, either pro
tects or honors persons or an/ person
who is or may be guilty of said al
leged practices, or any practice, either
destructive of the family cr the home
or otherwise: or that said alleged
body, or any of them, violate any law
of the land or Is guilty qf any of said
alleged practices: and this respondent
for himE<£f in particular denies that
he is one of said alleged self-perpetu
ating body of fifteen men or that there
Is any such body, or that said church,
or any part thereof, or any person
therein, inculcates or encourages a be
lief in the practice of polygamy or be
lief in or practice ot polygamous co
habitation: and this respondent denies
that he is guilty of polygamous cohabi
tation or that he Is a polygamist or
that he ever has been a polygamist. or
that he has ever practiced polygamous
cohabitation.
"The respondent now moves to
strike out and eliminate separately
from said protect each and every mat
ter and thins therein contained except
the two char/res above mentioned.
"While the respondent is advised
and fivers that the other matters re
ferred to In said protests are such as
cannot legally or properly be consid
ered as affecting the right of the re
spondent to retain h's seat in the Sen
ate, nevertheless the respondent now
proceeds to answer the same. Submit
ting the question of the relevancy of
the same, not waiving his said^motlon,
but insisting thereon.
"As to the charge that the respond
ent is bound by some oath or obliga
tion controlling his duty under his
oath as a Senator, the respondent
says that he has never taken any such
oath or in any way assumed an;.' sucli
oblis-ation. Ke holds himself bound
to obey and UDhold the constitution
and laws of the United Slate?, includ
ing the condition -in reference to
polygamy, ur>on which the State of
Utah was admitted into the Union.
MOVFS TO STRIKE OUT.
Denies That He Practices or Onnives at the Practice of
.Polygamy or That His O:th to the Mormon Church Is
Inconsistent With His Oath as a National Lawmaker
SENATOR SMOOT ANSWERS
PROTEST OF PROTESTANTS
THE SAX FRANCISCO ; CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 10, 1904.
25
• ADVERTISEMENTS. '.
-— J - * . C
After bvestisstiss all Known Methods we Believe There Is Nothing to Equt]
" CALTHOS "—It Cares at. Home.
To Prove It», Fdl Fhre Days' Trial Trectment # Wfl Be Sent. Free to «ny
Needy Mm. Send for it Todcy. No C O. D. or Prescription Scheme. **l*
—— — — — iy*^ 4
This caper U astberlzed ta gar th« If a=r elddle-tnd or old n&a trho does cot ttel htmself
as rrrtfc-* today as whea b* vrts In his twe&tles. or *n- joang ana wao is oot aa^ perfect as fca
irc~ i ce osgst t9 be, wlU write In ccsfidence to the Ton ilohl Co.. of Cioeisnctt. they. will be glti
to fiend etch niaa mho writes them & full 6 days' trial treat-
/r^\ S^A, ment of "Caltbos," tho treat remedy for weak and oervoos
•» r < — K «m^% nsen, ciscorered by that celfbrated French scientist. Prof.
\H » fi^kTA Julcs Liborde. Thla ts the very remedy that has enred eo
A* ?>**) it, 5ttf n:xnr thousands cf D^n of all a?e«,Trho through errors la
/y>^/^g>i»aa jaath, excesses la later lif»acd-«lll other causes, had be-
C^C - «^bT^3 con - wtaklicgs of tho cost embarnt??lnff kind. It ln-
V>« \/*^t5i2'**v > ' fZK. v^*<7 lastly restored to thesa tLls powers hich they had lc?t and
>>jfc 1 CaSi^H* «V# "Si>^ cave theaa b*ct ncain the vijor, confidence and asibitlon of
/Sau S3 M— 5* k roc=gcr dsys, and all privately In their own bcae. Ills
\^BSL A. lfee c^ly reatcy cf Ita tied sanctioned by the French and
\ "tJL \>'\. A Gerzicn armies, rrd the Von iloM Co. has the sole Clstrlb-
YKiywiLJ*"^ / \ ttlnr rights for Aserici. <
\&* f*Z$& "^H«* V Ttere 19 ncthin? whatsoever bfhlad this c2er to tend
/Ta&iS, i^S^ j\ fca a 5 days' trial treatoen: free. It neansthat aedcoth-
/ j&£jfiK t i'; '"^SB^t^i la^more. It lscoC.0. D^ prescription or depejit schenie,
/2B&PfsS§3l£&&gT*> W^/ * s thIs concera is too large to resort to such nefarious
/w5Sr^3*3jBr T^l> #4* mrthtds. / C d others are spending hundreds of
«9i taoas£nd3 of dollars every yrtr In sdverti?irjr. the Voa
SSKJa9JStn \\ Kohl Co. purs its spars mesey iato free trill treatments,
Jf*T V* ,y**ffl&a ; \\ vhich it seeds oat broadcast to all men who send their
JZ&3 \ J r&A BW=e and addresa, and io this way they not ccly prove the
£2£Qf L*-i?5£a 'v r i\l vaine of C-Jthca, but thpy do nantitd eome good. Toa
JBSr A*^ *'''<«Sk 'i 311 f^rely need tbia creat discovery If joa suffer from Lo?t
wSfiT iBk;"''*.^ni '¦¦ #11 Manfcood, Ecissions. Prematurity, Epennatorrhoea, Varico-
effi\^-^» : "f iwll c * le » En'arrement of ths Prostate Glacd, Lack of Tlrila
X'Z&'Vi ' *t yfl Power, Hydroesie, Impcteoey : If yoa are bashf oi. timid in
V ti «f I :> "IS tkecompaayof ladies, if yon lack con fide tee in your pow-
UjM >' /*? H A *rs, if yoa &re rot socially 39 attractiT* as yon d?»h1 to b?.
Ty<2 / J't3 /ea lf J" oa are S^JtinST to be a "woman fcater." Calthcs will
% Off mm *** * mt blood ta circulating to the desired spot, your
jfeykXa * • M W.^fM nerres to tincllsc with renewed ambltloa,yocr innsciesec-
X-^tBsL Itrgfd wJthiccrMsingpowor; It will step tte drains, cre-
J^ssSsti JSetFJlRA ste t fal:n J' lifc icrep. Invigorate the Cabby parts and mete
f^gESSSr £8Fr* you occo ajratn see life ts you saw It In rour pri^". and as
y&£mPfJ&r--i" £& \ ¦ every vlrorons zr.zn Pees it throoffhont life. It will be a
'jffT tT *~.^t penaanent cure aai it is nccomFllited privately in your
' f jf * af JE&Y Tou may thlr.k yoa have tried yonr level best to b«
r ?Z z « " t&?*Js?~m ' / cared, you may have spent escney ca this thing and that
«-<r%^: T ' ahliS^S^ W without cood results, but cntil yoa send for tho free trial
V^ . -*ftJ5gs<qyv>v .-" */ treatcent of Calthos tnd see for jourself what wonderfnl
jriod It does jon, yoa cannot saj with a clear conscier.ca
\\fjBg^r"* xtat you have dons your full duty to yourself. Caltboshas
permanently cured thousands who haTe tried •* every thin a:
tt will enre yoa tf or.!y too wfil be thoaghtf ul enon*h~*o send I or it.^ Do bo today sare and
tfc?yufU»eadyonff«V b«Ides tbeedays* trial treatment, manyiiiterestinc innstrated bookaonths
£abject.alHaDiaiawra^a-asd sealed acalnst Inspection. Do not hesitate to write, as they ara
«"y?co r'ad [&^o tkH?o?«wi*SrteK^aTand you sfaeiild ! not rest content nntU yoa find out
li Calttos caa care yon. Writ* today in foil confidence.
TUC VflU linUI nfi niA O L«rte«t Importer of Standard Ojnpinnati fihin
lilt VUN MUHLbUii Z/4 O, P^paratlon* m tb. UnlUd Statea. bmiiinnSU| UIllOi
- * ADVERTISEMENTS. , v .
¦ ¦ ¦ - - - - . - - - • %j . * ~ - .', . - - - - - >. - »
" '¦ '¦ ~. ¦ ~- ¦ ¦- - . : - '"¦ . - - .-,.-,. ¦ _¦¦ .
. ¦..•:.¦• ,-:;-.,. v / — ; !
"J^H£ great number of mothers who purchased. Friday and Saturday is
A Mothers are judges of goods and prices. We respect and ap- / r 'j* * \\/^^
ZZIj -predate their opinions. They are bringing their boys here to be '^S^^S0^^^'^^^^
outfitted because they realize the saving. "
These are all new, up-to-date goods which sold for regular prices. ,\ ; \ A 4
As the stock sold so well during the holidays, we reduced the few j2^M^.,i%^M :: &%*
remaining lines to what may seem impossible prices. : "-?.t--"^v-' " ; :-^/?f
The reductions are large, but every suit has been marked down from )! ' jl ii^^^^^^^^^®©^^^^^
its original price, just as we claim. Our merchandise and methods, which . |! jj l^^^^^^^^^i^^^^
are responsible for our success, merit your faith in our statements. jj i-J jj '^^^^^^^^^^
Here follows a description of some of the reduced goods: j| J^_ :; |i L (^^^HSH» "
Sizes 3 to 6 Years Sizes 3, 4 and 5 Years «."^T«? ':'- H Sf^^^^^^^Si^I^M ''¦
Sailor suits in beautiful mixtures made Norfolk suits in blue serges, blue <^^^p^ w^ ;i || [ i
as pictured, with embroidered shield cheviots and a few mixtures made up ,, •£^§* %• *.;¦! H %^^^§f^^^^ ' ? :
and star on collar-, with a pretty silk tie; with box pleats and belt; the sizes* are |l ••:¦• f [i , img&Wl ~W* c"> 5 J :
strictly all-wool goods, with a few only 3, 4 and ,5 years of age; the major- J£.J>^^*^^*&£ 4-^S^^MHaLlfcfoH^S*^..-^^
serges among them; sizes 3 to 6 years; ity of suits sold for $4.09 and S5.00, but i?y ' } •.^V^.^ t^?^ "H& '^W^WSSsP' "^^^S"
only a few sizes in each pattern; actual there are a few $6.00 garments among -A&z-f. X '^^/vV/J-^^-: •^ r; -^^^;- ::::^^^^—^—^^^
selling price formerly $ .50; sale price them; as only three sizes remain, the 'ij •'. v'S^o"'^- 1^^ =•• MsbS^ K ii
,^^m.:. " Sailor Suits . ; mi^^^^ %arMfhBim
(0$^M^^^^^^ S zc8 3 ' A fini 5;Ycars ' Top COEtS
p®^^ :^^pSpi^ Sailor suits made of blue, red, royal and . 6izcs 3 to 13 Y « ap *
S JiXi* ¦ brown serge, handsomely trimmed: the only Top coats, as pictured on the lower 'left-
S^RBii^PW remaining sizes are for boys 3, 4 and J years of hand side, made of blue cheviots and tan co-
W^WS^!&W a^ e ; the regular selling prices of these suits verts; the ages are from 3 to 13 years; these
i * : • ' ! '.I ¦ were $3. JO, $5.00, S6.00 and $6.>0; the sale coats were formerly S3.>0 and $4.50; to sell them
fe^jS^^^P^ price will be g at once the price is now
Z'&Fk ;:^Y' -'^^^R ' Sailor Norfolks * vhhuicii & uvcrtuaid
. M ; OI ui5Ycar« Fine Kerse^ercwte Y foTlittle children, in
l^^i-i^^^PS^ Sailor norfolks made of blue serges and sizes 2# to 8 years; these little coats come in
V^'/*flHBBiilr pretty Scotch mixtures, all richly trimmed; the re d, blue, royal and -brown: each elegantly
X^y Miliiilr only sizes left are 3, 4 and^ vears; the former trimmed and splendidly tailored; you must see
: P ri ces were $3.50, 4.00, $>.00, S6.00, 86.50 as them to really appreciate their unusual value, the
mm f||i only three sizes are left, the sale price is former prices were $7.50, $8.50 and $10.00: as
WM Wi $2.35 long as the garments last they will be sold for
Iff MtmlJh 740 Market. Street 9 ° ods - for ai>1 "" < ***¦ :
ST 55^. // A MTT,T,TO27 ROMPING, ROY-
U STERING- AMERICAN BOYS,
P j£Br^ tbo lcind that eat too much, pla
Uj ¥9 -whenever thoy set a chance,
9 J^L "^ShM ix:o-w that there's a sweet little.
gj , fiL-» JraPl frasrrant medicine tablet — a
M %*& &F*% pleasure to eat it— that cures
¦ ' flA WfV that torture of childhood —
I CreS*^Ef 1 J SMALL BOYS' COUO. Soma-
li *&5sa&*3SPi ~<i times the little trirla get it too
g VffigS&Si'*/ Vy — but CASCAIIETS Candy Ca-
ll jag*-^--' Jn tharticthe perfect bo-wel and
g .^ mW liver medicine and preventive
u j£$tt&!ZZ^- l 0d&r^ °" childhood's aitaients, k©«p
E the children's stomachs and
H jgM&M systems al"^ays in perfectly
g healthy condition. "Wlae moth-
B X - ers always keep a box handy in
•g r^^^^^S^^^^S^^ ne ouse - -^-W druff cists, lOc,
a ?\S/fflB9BBlgmX^^^ 25c, 60c Ee sure you get the
1 7#3!5S?aSi'3© \ genuine —each tablet marked
1 /lW&%ffl I # OCC. Samplt and booklet
i / *^/ln S "Thmy\ STERLING REMEDY CO, - |
¦1. /Ji -^ +*+ wiTT^t Chicago or Now York. I
S^^fch-? ANDY CATHARTIC «affl^^^^I
I AMMUAL SALE— TEM MILLION BOXES I
I ereatest In the World mjNo physician will question the stater
ment that alcoholics taken to the point
of intoxication increase the suscepti
bility . to infections . diseases.
Mrs. . George . R. Smith of Lancashire
recently wrote • to the Kansas City Chief
of Police; asking for information about
her: husband, whom . she^ had riot seen
for thirty ; years. . She /thought that he
was hunting -buffaloes .in Kansas
and wanted him •' locked ''up '"and sent
It is reported that a Norwegian chem
ist has discovered a new and cheap
process oC malting alcohol from ' saw
dust This waste product of the mill is
treated under pressure with diluted
sulphuric acid, by which the cellulose
la transformed Into sugar, which, by
adding fermentation producers, is con
verted into alcohol in the * old manner
and then distilled. One hundred kilo
grams (220.46 pounds) of sawdust; yield
from 6 to 7 kilograms : (13.2 : to- "15.4
pounds) of alcohol. , Valuable by-pro
ducts are also 'obtained in the process.
While In Norway 100 kilograms of * po
,tato -• alcohol^ cost \ $10. 50,; the price .•; of
sawdust alcohol is only- $6 50.—Ex
change. *_v
Alcohol From Sawdust: '>
A simple way (out of. many) to de
velop the picture is to transfer it by
slight pressure to gelatin coated paper,
which ¦ is flowed ; with " ferrous sulphate,
washed and treated with gallic acid,
the result being a dark violet and per
manent picture-^in \ fact, j a picture " In
writing ink. , Other '.tones are got by
substituting peroxide of manganese for
the ferrous sulphate. The shadows are
insoluble and ;; the lights are washed
away in warm water. A similar pro
cess gives , gelatin, plates for printing
in lithographic ink. The katatype
therefore makes the photographer dis
pense with light and sensitized or per
ishable" papers. The result 1 is ; the ' same
whether the plate is flowed (says the
Scientific American) In bright sunlight
or 'absolute .darkness. ; ... . "
Photosraphic News.
First-class tickets - between San Francisco
and I-o* Anselep, either - direction, including:
stop and two days' entertainment at famous
Paso Uoblcs Hot Springs Hotel, only $21.
Children $13 50. Privilege of 30 days' stop
over. Bf*t of fare and * service ' at hotel. Cura
tive muri or water baths hot from celebrated
medicinal springs: lovely country; fine drives;
Invigorating mountain air; warm sunshine.
Just the place to rest. Full information of
Southern Pacific ticket agents. • •
Special Rates.
The house and contents are a com
plete loss. The amount is - probably
55000, with little insurance. Had not
the dog discovered the fire and awak
ened its master the family undoubtedly
would have perished. /\
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 9.— A faithful
watch dog played the part of a life
saver in the fire which destroyed the
home of Farmer James Stead and his
famfly in Pleasant Valley, near this
city, early this morning.
A\vak6ned by the furious barking of
the dog, Stead arose shortly ( after mid
night and was' nearly suffocated by a
'volume of smoke. On opening door
flames and smoke swept in from anoth
er room. Stead's shouts awakened the
members of the family and they were
compelled to flee in their night clothes
with the flames close behind them.
- Simpson and Alexander started their
prospecting early last winter. They
uncovered their strike in January last,
but did not make, (he find known until
now. They had little means and sub
sisted precariously, their chief diet be
ing salt pork and beans. Both are ex
perienced miners, and they knew that
everything pointed to a strike further
on and persisted in their work. Every
two ( week3 one oir the other would. go
into "town and procure supplies, but
they were .careful not to divulge the
success; they were meeting with. or the
location' of their prospect.7
"It was on New Year's day of this
year that the strike was made. ' The
vein was uncovered at last, and as they
probed it deeper. It widened out.
The lucky and determined prospect
ors are now arranging to develop their
find upon the proper scale. Mining men
are enthusiastic over the ore displayed,
and it Is likely that there will be some
thing like a rush to the vicinity of the
new discovery.-
WADSWORTH, Nev., Jan. 9.—Con
siderable excitement has been caused
here by tl^ display of ore samples
taken from a strike recently made and
which may prove to be the richest ever
discovered in Nevada. The samples
show a range in value of from $2000 to
$3000 to the ton. The discovery was
made about twenty-nine miles north of
Reno by William J. # Alexander and
John W. Simpson after a year of hard
work and privations. It is said that
there is a large area of pay rock in the
vicinity of the big strike, and tbat the
locality may prove to be another Tono
pah. Mining men are agreed that if
there is any considerable quantity of
ore like the samples displayed the mine
that it comes from will prove one of the
heaviest producers in the West.
The rock was taken from a tunnel at
a depth of fifty feet. It Is free milling
and fairly glitters with the yellow met
al. ~ The vein is now eighteen Inches
wide and carries values across its en
tire face. ; The owners say the lead
bears every Indication of being perma
nent, i'....-;'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Vigilant Canine Barks to
Arouse Members of Household
"When Fire Threatens Life
Nevada Mining Men Excited
Over Gold Strike Made in
the Vicinity of "Wadsworth
WATCHFUL DOG
SATES FAMILY
MAY BE RICHER
THAN TONOPAH
A movement has been started in Den
mark to commemorate' the three hun
dredth anniversary of the production of
"Hamlet" by erecting a. statue of
Shakespeare at the little town of Elsi
nore. The ancient castle of Cronberg,
on the ramparts of which Hamlet held
converse with the ghost of his father,
forms the central point of the town.
The plan has met with enthusiastic re
sponse throughout Denmark.
Clmrtreijsc to Fizure in Lawsuit.
Chartreuse is going shortly to be the
cent: il feature of a lawsuit almost as
remarkable as the liqueur itself. To put
it briefly, the French Government,
through Its official liquidator, claims
that by the forfeiture clauses of the
law it becomes vested cot only In all
the trade-marks and the patent rights,
but even in the very formula or recipe
itself, and the action will shortly be
tried at Grenoble, with Father Rey, the
late procurator of the onastery and
legal depositor yof its rights, as de-
fendant. The manufacture was first
placed under the protection of the law
by Father Greceer in 1871. A merely
nominal value of £4 was placed upon
the business when he transferred his
rights to his successor. Father
Gramier: but when the latter relin
quished them about six years ago to
Father Rey the value was declared at
about £180,000 — a year's turnover. — New
York Tribune.
¦ * •
When an old chap marries a young
woman he must feel like a man who
has robed his best friend.
Porter was a man about 5 feet ''9
inches in height and of medium frame.
At the*time he disappeared he wore
dark clothes and a black sweater." One
of his intimates here states that he
had several gold teeth.
A party of hunters. Porter among
them, proposed making an extensive
hunt, and he went out to search .for
good territory. He was last seen start
ing out of Los Banos toward the Coast
range. The road he was on led direct
ly into the Pacheco Pass, where -the
skeleton was found. The wheel beside
the skeleton was a Rambler, bought in
this city In April, 1895, from S. M.
Thompson. Unfortunately Thomp
son's books previous to 1896 have been
destroyed. However, it is known that
Porter bought a Rambler wheel, wi*
copper plated steel rims, from Thomp
son some time during 1895, and it was
on this wheel that he rode away. The
theory has always been held here that
Porter got lost in the slough country
or perhaps met with an accident and
died there. Now, however, there are
many of his intimates who believe he
started through the Pacheco Pass to
visit his parents at Santa Cruz, a trip
he had made once before.
L. M. Gilkey, a bicycle repairer, stated
positively this afternoon that the wheel
was not the one owned by Dunham.
He had done some work on Dunham's
wheel the day before Dunham killed
the McGlincy family. At that time
Dunham had an Ontario wheel. This
one is a Rambler. Thebonea are those
of a small man, while Dunham was
large. While the party who discovered
the remains believed they were Dun
ham's, Sheriff Langford and his depu
ties take small stock in it. They are
more inclined to believe the remains
those of T. F. Porter, a printer of Fres
no, who disappeared in 1894 or 1895.
FRESNO, Jan. 9.— The belief is held
in this city that the discovery of a
skeleton and a bicycle in the Pacheco
Pass explains the disappearance of T.
F. Porter, a printer who rode away
from this city on his wheel in the early
part of December, 1895, and. has never
since been heard from. Porter was an
enthusiastic wheelman and made nu
merous long trips on his bicycle. The
occasion of his trip at the time he dis
appeared was to find a good duck hunt
ing field in the sloughs in the western
part of Merced County. . .
SCOUTS DUNIIASI THEORY.
Nothing was found that 'would di
rectly lead to the identity of the man.
A key ring and five keys were among
the effects. The keys were those of tin
boxes or satchels and a Yale key num
bered 21,076. 1
The front wheel of the bicycle Is bad
ly broken and would Indicate that the
rider had had a bad fall. The rim and
many spokes are broken. , . '
Two o'clock this afternoon they
brought their exhibit to the County
Jail. It consists of the skull, cross
bones and a few ribs and other bones.
There is a F. & W. 38-caliber revolver,
a box nearly full of cartridges, a pearl
handle penknife, scraps of a blue or
black sweater and part of a leather
belt. In the lower jaw the second and
third molars are filled with gold, and
in the lower jaw the second and third
molars on the left and the second molar
on the right are gold-filled. Two of
the chambers of the revolver were
empty. A whisky and vaseline bottle
tvere also- found. The bicycle is a
Rambler, model 12, 1S93 . make, and
numbered 3740. It had had copper rims
and the. tires appeared to have been
new one8, r and from the patent on the
tires they were put on the wheel after
1894.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 9.— A grewsome ex
hibit of skull and bones and a broken
and weather-beaten bicycle is puzzling
Sheriff Langford and his deputies. It
is possible that the bones are those of
James C. Dunham, the sextuple mur
derer of Campbell. P. B. Payne, A. W.
Hall and E. Weisendanger, all of
Campbell, found the remains in the.Pa
eheco Pass hills yesterday,- and they
brought them to the County Jail to
day, thinking that they were relics of
Dunham. William A. Beasly, an attor
ney, accompanied them to see that they
lost none of their rights in making the
demand for ih<> $10,000 reward that the
citizens of San Jose had offered for the
murderer of the McGlincy family.
The Payne party had been hunting
for geese in the San Joaquln, near Los
Banos, for a week, and Thursday start
ed for their homes at Campbell. About
{our and a half miles above Bell sta
tion, in the Pacheco Pass, Payne got
out of *he rig to hunt quail on the side
of a hill. He had taken but a few. steps
in the brush when he came on a skull.
He called to his companions, and they
made a search of the place. The skull
lay about fifty yards from the fence on
the north side of the road. On a little
flat 100 yards farther up the hill, under
some oaks, the remains of a skeleton
and a "bicycle were found. Scattered
about on the ground were particles of
clothing and a revolver. In the skull is
a bullet hole just behind the right ear,
which shows that the man committed
suicide or was murdered. Payne and
his comrades gathered up everything
they could find that belonged to the
remains ahd brought them to this city.
PISTOL AND BICYCLE.
When Plumbing Inspector Chapman
learned of the Governor's action in
sending to Oakland for a plumber his
official dignity was offended and he an
nounced that unless Pierce came back
and did his work over again according
to local regulations .he would place
him under arrest.
The Governor met this threat of the
Plumbing Inspector by formally charg
ing him with incompetency, and ap
pearing before the Board of Health
in person to substantiate his charges.
He was accompanied by Editor Dan
iels of Oakland, who was his guest at
the time the sewer gas pervaded the
mansion, and Daniels told, of his de
tection of the odors and his -inspection
with the view to finding the cause.
The Governor's charges are formal in
character and uttered with great re
gard for legal exactness.
The Governor signs the charges in
his capacity as a doctor of medicine*
Chapman's defense will be that he is
not supposed to hunt for sewer gas;
that is the Sanitary Inspector's duty.
The hearing will be resumed next
Thursday night. - , 4 ,
The proceeding arises from formal
charges filed last night with the Board
of Health by Governor Pardce against
City Plumbing Inspector Chapman.
Soon after he installed his famlJyin
the newly purchased executive man
sion Governor Pardee was struck by
the foul odors which filled the apart
ments. He sent for a local plumber,
who informed the Governor that his
new home was infested by bats. .The
Governor, not satisfied, called in^_the
Plumbing Inspector, who coincided in
the bat theory of the local plumber. .
The odors increasing, the Governor
sentUo Oakland for Fred Pierce, a
plumber, and the latter, after an in
spection of the . premises, discovered
the seat of the trouble in an open
sewer under the mansion. The Gov
ernor was Indignant over the situa
tion and expressed himself in strong,
language concerning the peril in which
his family had been placed from the
deadly sewer eas.
SACRAMENTO, \ Jan. 9. — Governor
George C. Pardee and G. B. Daniels,
publisher of the Oakland Enquirer*
have ¦.been notified by the City Board
of Health to appear before that body
next Thursday, night and tell what
they know of the subject of sewer gas
and bats.
Special Dispatch to The Gill
Condition of the New Executive
Mansion in Sacramento Is
the Subject of Investigation
One Theory Is That the Bones
Are Those of a . Fresno
Printer Who Disappeared
INQUIRY AT THE CAPITAL
OFFICERS ARE IN DOUBT
Hunting Party Finds Skeleton
of a Man, a Bicycle and a
Revolver in Pacheco Pass
Sacramento Health Authorities
t Desire to Know Something
of the Sewer Gas and Bats
BOARD SENDS
FOR GOVERNOR
REMAINS MAY
BE DUNHAM'S
¦ • ••¦¦'.> ¦ v \.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 10,
A young woman of Lexington, Ky.,
Miss Florence Graham Offut, has hit
upon a new method of publicity. She Is
out with a "card to the public" discuss
ing the reasons that prompted her to
refuse to marry the rich and aristo
cratic Judge Stout unless she could
continue in her profession, which la
that of "teacher of physical culture"
in the State College. Her work is pure-,
ly a matter of conscience, It seems — a
sort of protest against "the senseless
round of gayety" in which most women,
travel. "Any woman can maintain &
home and a profession if she cares to.
It is a matter of attending fewer card
parties, that is all." Marriage and di
vorce do not afford enough opportunity
to get one's name In the pape,r. Tha
men rejected are to be turned to ac
count.—New York .Tribune. J
Kentucky Woman's Reason.
26
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Ten Days'
Trial Treatment
Offered Men
Great Parisian Method
:That Cures Varicocele,
Bladder and Urinary
Disorders. Without
Taking Medicine into
the Stomach and in
Their Own Home. Let
Every Man Send for It.
TJy a wonderful method successfully used for |
years In France, and now for the flrst time j
introduced In America. It Ig possible for any 1
man, no matter how bad oft, to instantly re- |
Bain the vigor x of younp manhood without
taking any medicine Into the stomach, and to
THB PARIS MEDICATED CRAYON. j
, ¦* PLEASANT, SOOTH INO AND H CAU NO.^ "<
Drove that It will' <Jo this they offer a* full
Ten Days' Trial Treatment to every man ssnd. ;
Inx name and address to Dr. Stevens & Co.,
box 1407, Columbus, Ohio, .the American im-
portera. You apply It locally to the «eat of
the trouble,^ and It , quickly find* ' Its way to
the desired spot, enlarging the i muscles. ' In- '
creasing the nerve force and giving the neces- :
'sary vim and energy. The' world of science
and medicine thoroughly Indorse It. .•!
'.-. It" cures In' wonderfully quick time, in your
own home, lost vitality, ' emaciation, J prema-
turity, varicocele, , and all bladder and urinary
disorders of men. it ts the only method known
• to science that wllU electrify the " body,, rout
wastlnK -diseases, create - vigor, - warmth and
force, and all this without medicine taken Into
. the stomach. ; • If others tell you .¦ nothing . can .
be done for you this will 'surely cure you.
-..Write to Dr. Stevens & Co., Columbus, "Ohio,
box 1407. They .offer Ten Days«v Trial Treat- i
ment" to every man. It Is no "prescripUon,"1
'."deooslt.";or^"C. O.'. D.'*. scheme.", as this firm
is too large to resort to such petty ways, t They
send the moat complete ¦ book ever written on
the, Diseases of Men, telling all, and fully : Il-
lustrated." -with ;• forty* -engravings from life.
Everything is. confidential, and sent perfectly
,Dlaln.'. and{Blnce they, merely .ask you tto'in-^
quira what they have got i that will cure you,'
we trust every gentleman reader oft this paper*
will- write them at once- as above, and -thus
*et the Ten DayB' Trial Treatment - and book.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I v
kies 7X.OBA vo». quickly, cheaply, painlessly and
pacific grove, California, permanently cured by Electro-
Cur-Pd of Deafness. Catarrh and Ring- C*U~~,Z~i.~ ,.
• ing Ears by Electro-Chemistry.
MRS. WILLIAM BARNES, Black's, Cal., cured of Cancer ofi the
Breast by Electro-Chemistry. 1 v
MRS. JULIA A. MITCHELL, 958 Fifth st., Oakland, Cal., cured
of severe Liver, Kidney, Stomach and Bowel Trouble by Elec-
tro-Chemistry.
MISS ALICE WILSON, 329 Second ave., San Francisco, cured of^
Deafness, Catarrh and Running Ears by Electro-Chemistry "
MRS. MARY RIVEST, 522 Forty-fourth st, Oakland, Cal., cured
of Rheumatism and Complications by Electro-Chemistry
MRS. MARY RICHARDS, 213 Shotwell St., San Francisco,' cur^d
of Rheumatism, Stiff and Swollen Joints by Electro-Chemistry.
If you are a woman, suffering from Weak Back, Irregular and
Painful Periods, Misplacements, Inflammation of the Ovaries, etc.,
you probably know from bitter experience that no medical treat-
ment will cure you, so it is hopeless for you to go on wearing out
the stomach with strong and poisonous medicines that do you no
good. In this class of cases Electro-Chemistry is particularly suc-
cessful.
h Electro-chemistry Cures Painlessly and Without Operation;
Catarrh, Xstomni*. Dyspepsia, Piles *
»roacJilti«. Paralysis, Indirection. Fistula.
Arthmm, I,ocomotor Ataxla, Debility, Rectal Ulcer*.
Consumption. Cancer. Liver Diseases. Rectal Tluinut:
D ealners. Ulcer*. Cystitis. Special anoSrervous
5£2,£«U!' ?^ or "' Bladder Trouble.. Dlse£e"r£2£en?:
sneumatism. Goitre, Eczema, Sneclal Diseases of *r»n
Seuralria, Brtrtf. Disease. Epileply, I«eT ¦*'
tferrousaess. Diabetes, - Palllar Spells. Psoriasis. •
COggTTI.TATIO» AW) EXASPBTATIOIT XX JLLT. CASES rBJEE. , -
JIOME TREATMENT EtEGTRO=eHEMIC
' Some of our best cures are accom- W\Tnrw\in\wirw\r\
plished by the . Electro-Chemic home IIM Vrl Tl ITR'''
treatment. We advise all our outside pa- 11"^/ 1 1 1 U 1 L
S^^^SJra?ESS3S£ " 8 °"1 A A I 7?^cf 6 0 co PO1IT OT -
sonal examination. When this is lm- b AN FRANCISCO,
possible, v rite us a short description of Office hours. 3 a.' m. to 5 p. m. and 7
eymptoms, and full Instructions regard- to 8 p. m. daily. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1
ipe home examination and treatment will p. m. Separate apartments for ladles
*>e promptly forwarded. ' and centlernen. • ,
ADVERTISEMENTS* '
8)8-820 /"^APKET 5T, 6AIA FRANC15C0. 1
OUR ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE
SFEC1ALS IN EACH AND EVERY DEPARTMENT. I
| NECK RUFFS AND CAPES. I TOILET NECESSITIES. |
| Liberty Silk Stoics and Cape Tooth Brushes, rej?. 2^c. 2 for 2jc |
effects, edged with ribbon. Tooth Brushes, re* asc. 3 for 50c B
Y <. L ~ ¦ , «. mv Hair Brushes, 20 styles, reg. 50c, j
I $2.50 Rutfs, special 5l.25 f or . h
I $3.00 Ru'fT?. special $i.«;o Cloth Brushes. 20 styles, rec. 50c, g
[ $^.00 Rafts, special $2.50 for :3QC
f $6.00 R afi" s, special $3.00 Bath Brushes, with handles- or |3
«Z fi "i:ii f %°r f c? strich Featlier P^#^££§pi I
t iioas at nalt-pnce. , __ c m
I HIGH GRADE LINE OF CORSETS Nan r BruVheV. |
I $1.25 xalue. special 4SC Combs-All 25c and 3>c reduced |
K value, special 60c to ...17c n
I We carry a full line of the _ _ _ n r UT n-C nil ill U!R3nHQ i
! j celebrated R. & G. Corsets. 25 PER CENT D.T Drt ALL ffllHMHb |
1 able C Furr a rhaJf-°n n ri?e. iS lOn STATIONERY SPECIALS.' i I ;
•^ ; Closins out beautiful line of cal- B j
Oft JL DQ jndars selling from 25c to 51.50 for «
OUKrOi u their value. H
k )~>rcrf nnA \-%r\rA n«;cr>rtm#>nt nf All our 35c papeterle, a selection H
A large and \aned assortment ot of 25 dlfferent t *; les and colors . A H
ditierent odor; and makes, gr e a t bargain at 23c box fcj
selling regularlj' for 25c bo^. Ask for the "Century" letter size ft
p cut to IQC writing: tablet, bond finish, always B
I A lar^ baV of "ck'siiK "r«." V«. no°te Viie," w'fi 1
fj cut to 21c cut to.. ; 14c y
I BUY MUSIC AT y 2 PRICE. SEE OUR NEW DEPARTMENT. 1
h SALE OF BOOKS DcJ^hJ^Ever. 1
r| 200 titles, cloth-bound books; worth $1 60 copyright fiction, cloth bound; |Sj
at rerular 23c; on ea> 12c on sale 5Oc B
r 250 titles c!oth-bound books, bv *uch Webster's Unabridged Dictionary, 1280 Ej
M authors as Honty. Fewall. Kipling, Verne. PMres. bound In half Russia 91.50 la
t1 Hansard. Ouido. Ertcker.5 Holmes. Du- Uncle Tom's Cabin. Illustrated; over n
H man. RMd, CorelM. Ellct, Hall Calne, 630 pares; cut to 25c M
|j A1k»t \\>yman. Aurusta Evans, Bwlng. 'JLc vest pocket dictionaries cut to..H>c H
n Hugo' Hojle and others; above clieap at Woman's Exchange Cook Book: full W
H 3T.<- on sal» *. ISc flze; oilcloth bounds worth rerular Jl: B
¦•1 riobbs Family Phvuician. complete cut to 50c • f
n edition, published at f-l 00; cut to..OSc Webster's Encyclopedia and Worlds M
fi Bibles and crayer books at 25 per cent Atlas: published at $.1 60; cut to.. 91.25 H
| : discount from ret^lar prices. 2000 other becks with prices cut In half Kg
H Knives, Razors and Shears ground and repaired, 15c. . U
S Picture Frames of all descriptions made to order. ||
__. ¦_¦•¦¦•¦¦:¦•:¦-¦':••'-¦ ADVEBTISEMENTS. ., ;..._: -- ~~
1 very designs and patterns that have \\\
j made this Department famous throughout the West. This special lasts one M
] week and here is what we offer. ' f . (J
S RPIIQQFI Two-tone reds or greens, TAPF^TRY RRIISSFI <l Rlch ill
I DIXUuOLLO small patterns, tan grounds IrirLOIIil UllvuOLLO color- jfj
a with small patterns or tans with large scroll de- Ings, velvet softness, true art designs. Some of 19
I signs. Quiet, tasty designs. The yard, £?£?-> the most successful patterns on display. See I
1 not laid. dub these carpets, It Is worth your while. The < T£Tr» ¦!
S RfnlW RP! IQQFI Q The Brussels that «\, m am*if\^-r-r%r\ . t M
I DUIil DUUOOLLO hasmadethls De- AXMJl\STFRS LuxurIous « deep-colored. I
3 partment famous. Soft, shaded colorings and ¦.'¦¦_ . h!ih -pile Axminsters. J
B cameo designs. They are, this week, Oi g\£\ marked to the lowest price. The very perfection MJ
p by the yard, not laid «pl.UU of the weaver's art. By the yard, not <>j Off j
1 RUGS ? e^ r l bI !«nSr^;°Jr 2 L by5 i]? ch iviATTii\ir.S Maitln^ atwho!csa!clnth o" il
I u, ™ * \ ?¦ ' Vl^ ' • ¦NUO special 20-yard roils. Large I
~H S nS ' InlswccK " uw enough to cover an average sized room, and pretty is
m 9xl2feet all Brussels rugs, suitable for i> I O "7ir enough to cover any room. By the CO <QO 4
lij any room. Bcautl;ul colors and design \p\&m.J Z) roll, not laid. *p^.*7O J
I DRAPERY DEPARTMENT clearing out all odd lines. One and two pair lots of 1
H portieres, lace curtains and couch covers. Big bargains to offer in every line, r
9 "THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235-237 POST STREET j I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ :
V Y vCIIIl iTlvil
Made Strong.
Contracted
DR. HOLSMAN
The Master Specialist.
More than 17 Tears' Success. Con-
sultation Txf at OSct
1 or by Mail. *
. I HAVE CCREX> MORE MEM THAN
' any other physician on the coast. My
treatments ar« more retional. more mod-
ern and mow effective than any other Dhy
slcian Dractpmlng In the Went. My treat-
»«?t Cives Em. vigor, vitality, strength
and amb!tloil\o w«ali and despondent men
young or old. married or alngle. regardless
<w the cause of their trouble I master
wasting weakness, etc.. quickly and ner-
rnanently. . •
I ALSO CURE
SD*cial Diteastt, iaclufllay Cont*- I
arious Blood Poison. Stricture vH
xleoe«l«, Sy droc«l«. Bnptura. PUea,
Diseases 0* the Xlda*y«, BUdlarl
My home cure system Is marve!o««lT
successful. If r<m cannot plait San Fran-
cisco write me In confidence and I will
send you sealed, by m*». a booklet whi"h
,cct»UiBs a treatise on all diseases and
weakness, of men. and a rreat deal ¦ ot
ether valuable Information.
C; K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
729 Market St, S«a Praadaoo.
I , -Woo Floor. > . -
; Hours— 9 to 8 daUy; 9 . to 12 Sua4aya,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10, 1904.
27
! 7/ae Second of Our Astonishing Series of January Special Sales, Beginning To-Rlorrow, is the
&S&B& of B&eBdtiBdiS Some of the most important sales of the year are now in progress at The Emporium. Every item that we £2HB*f3in&~"E2l*22!63P*i*\f
?5.o»^ ~~ rS^^^i^ quote on this p?ge deserves your most careful attention.' These are but a few of the unmatchable bargains that 7, -* ** IJZ^Jrr- -« i-s <T
onsets, &asss, Bisznkeis, we are now o ff er ing, many departments being necessarily omitted from this announcement, as we are giving up -. , f" ' ?* ,° P ? - X Pr / Ges .
the m^^^^^^^^^^^^&^^^^^^^^^^^
I s about i 4 c, and very scarce. Raw woo 1 , is a'so a quar- -Every article will be found to be exactly as represented. Satisfaction guaranteed or money promptly refunded. \ sale, beginning Monday, « . . . . . . . . . OC
t :cr mere than i: was a year ago. Therefore man-el at ¦ r -¦<,. - : .¦ -- J|MJiU ¦- ¦ __ „ ¦ - : . » ¦. 30-inch Curtain Net — Imiution Battenbcrg, for 1"jPg%
\ " e ;vcn a rin:e kss than thc sam= Furmturo mt the Prices M&my Dealers Pay n^£££S£*S^*& \^ % lf^.
\ Pillow cases-whhc, hemstitched; 36x45 inches, neatly Most of the people of San Francisco and vicinage know what an exceptionally high class of furniture «/•?**! on ,p !c ; . pcr p *^* * •.• • •: -: ' 6 P°
• tohjd >n| ready icr me; instead ot iSc each this The Emporium sells. A year and a half ago every piece of the old- stock was carried out of our doors * ; . ' ¦^tam,, Wlde and heavy, me p" cc «p^
: : H^d Vh^eJ-Fai'v Cached size 8 ixqo inches- Jr« and an entireI Y new lot of furniture of a much higher and better grade was put in its place, arid we claim TapciiWWrticrei-/y«d3 long, rrbged ip'Jd bo«om,
[ finiih; value 58c ea*ch ; this wVck . .'.'-ffSc that equally gcod furniture cannot be bought elsewhere in Californ'a, as low as our every-day prices. Note regularly $1.50 * pair, sale price $1.18
i $7.00 Blankets— white California, 7 "ib$./ sale* price prr the additional savings to be made during our Annual Home Furnishing Sales. A few examples only are given 52.73, Portieres— o n i y 3c pairs, good patterns and <*«*-
pair $5.78 here ~ I .coloring*, tale price . .$1.88
f $3.00 Qlankds-Wh'tc California,' 5 lbs.*, lax price per '. -V 4, - -: ._. ___^ HeaVy DoaWe -f accd PorUercs— Two good line«» heavy
.' $4.00 Blankets — White CViiornia, 4 lbs., sale price per I f^ fi s^a'g ' " i U<^V^^^^^5^gS^»H l Q>i|i> ¦> I I /t|3llHiS|k * **.*****. * T * * « * $^'88 aac^ $2*98
i Colored QuilU-SmnnaUhcd, large siie, asartmcatcf co'.orsj rrgular |' «¦ V\ \CH S^^A -j %• >£i^^!> ffyf I'^ftlrfr^V^ar Femnie Curtains — Six ciltrcrcn: new spring designs,*
J White Crochtt Quilts— Marseilles effect, large sire, extra heavv cuilitv, > ¦ $A.EO 35 4SR £R m Rfi <7 *»/? £ft «*/!
Ts'-ue 51.50 each; sale price .$1.12 $5.00 Hall Chairs- $2.?5 Rockers-Im- $12.50 Library. Table $1.50 Costumtr-Im- $4.00 Rattan Rocker 85c Plate Rack-? feet $15.00 Enamel Iron $18.50 THtJns Qrd tgVy *°* *°' VOmOU, VtmOU, »tfiOtf
i Large Comforters - Fgurrd tilkolinc covered, white Sir.ir.ary fill r.jr, .Golden quar:-r- iution m-hogan_v, — Quarter - sa w cd itation mahogany or Clean write bleach- wide, 14. in. high 4 5C Btd — Co'onial de- T a b 1 1 — Golden LaiintJfV 8afiI<Btf>~ ~Hamnf*I*<i
» X -7S <}i^itj-; each $1*38 "sawed oak, highly cobbler «eat, sub- oak, top 47x46 in«., weatiered oak, a ed rattan, ncely i, 50.00 Divan — Mahog- iign, 5 different col- quarter-«awed or im- . ¦•*¦•#*# •##-jr <aor\ui£> ri**IJJfJUrz>
_ mm^^ mmmm __^ / polished, talc price stantial and com- has one drawer, now • bedroom necessity, shellaced, cow. .' . any frame and back, . ors, double sixe, now itation mahogany, Splint Baskets, regular size. . SGO
Towelinn Twn Saocial* .-{.$3.15 finable . $1.9G ...$8.75 now .... BOo .... $2.4-5] now . . $38 65 $11.85 now. .. $15.25 Rattan Baskets . $1.25,$1.5O, $1.85, $2.15, $2^5
' White TwriedTowehnJ-Sin^r^ '' 3 7-50 Upholstered Parlor Chsir-Over- $57.50 Pianola Music Cabinet— AH Ma- $17-55 Enameled Iron Bed— Double Sides, $48.50 Combination Folding B«d-Go!den Willow Baskets . . . 6oC, 85o, 95c, $1,10 and $1.25
houseiol'd use; regular g «^c yari, beginn'ing Monday.' . '. &C "uffed in be,t white h»ir, silk Brocatelle cov^ hogany, highly poliihed; jale price. . . . . extra heayy frame, three colors; sale price quartcr-sawed oak, with berel mirror front; Splint Hampers, for soiled clothes $1.68, $1.75
| Chtcked Glass Linen- 1 7/ 'i inche, wide, f.ne IrUh make, in different $8O?oI' Dave^porU* Solid Ma'hogany fr'arne, S142.50* Bedroom , Suit- * pieces, bed" and $40.00 Enameled" Iron Bed-Double Sides, $8^0^'^ Suit-Mahogany frame, highly R»««« Hainpers, each . . . . . $3.OO, $3.25 and S3. SO
'- *-M ' "S^^y la^cper yard; sale pnee begin- »-» Colonial design, covered in embossed brocaded dresser in Oak, Mahogany or Birdseye Map e, beautifully shaped outer frame, center of polithed, upholstered in French Damask Fanc y Hamp«n ... $3.23, &4mOO, S4-.25 »nd $5.OO
\ n:^g Monday . 9J>%* vc'our; now $64-.€Q very massive. $108.00 neatly designed brass tubing, now $32.25 • ........ . • • "• $69»OO Wasie Baskets 250, 35C, BOO, 60c, 7&O, St.GO andnp
\ Crockery and Glassware at Special Sale Prices Kiichenware and Housefurnishing OoodsSale
A varietj of useful articles, the best of their several kinds, at less than smaller srores can buy them for at wholesale, beginning Monday. Dozens of needed household devices Oil S.ile beginning t0?lT101T0\V at prices like the few examples
25c China QikcPiatts 30c Cu«pidcrs— Carlsbrd China Cr:ad 35c Preserved Palms Tea Cups and $'.35 Basin and 35-cent G ass Dc- J,Y^^^^^^i \? &*£2%i££'£Sa f<3^ i»
— Decorated w'.th rpray ni*bto<toxe&iaeh*<L- and Butter Piatej- Re- —5 leaf, on special Saucers— Semi-porce- Pitcher— Fancy rais- canter and stoppers. $3.50 Ciir Radia- $1.5 0 Folding SL50 Wash Boiler bbseli's $2.50 Car- $2.50 Wringers— • $t25 S«is of Flat I 45c Coal Moda-
; of flower, and goli ed?e, I 5,^0,, M f e pri ce".2lc g«^ly $1.50 dosen, now s^e.each . J . 24c lain, as thin and white e-J edge, sale price . Thin blown glass, tor— The Victor — Tables— Highly polish- —Large size for No. pet Sweepers— T h e Wcod frame, jo inch Irons— Best iron*, with I Galranlssd iron, 16
tOT 19 O Dinner Sets — 103 set of 6 for - • - 45C Cut Glaw Peppers as China, regularly .... . . Q5C prettiy e n g r a v e d, Full nickeled and ed, with yard measure 7 or No. 8 range, standard brand, the rubber roller, sale handle and holder com- | inch «;zc, will not ru»-,
SOe Sal d R rieces for 12 person*. DinnerSets — Fine and Salts, fancy nick- Si. 60 a dozen, now Revolutionary largesize. . . 21c Jeweled tubes, 10 feet on top, sale price each heavy tin, copper bot- genuine for . $1.07 price only ..$1,69 plere, set. . . G80 3 <*& .... 28c
¦ ouc aa^aa or oerry 6era i.po 1C eiain, with HarL'and China, 3 dain- el plated topi, each . set of six... 55c Souvenir Platts,with Hall lampi-Fancy cf tubing, sale price . $1.16 tcm 98o Tea a n d Coffee Rtnevar Cleanint Calluatro. for cteanini mirrors) 10c
flaw«7c --'iot%Q^ S'^S g *n ty decorstl ° a7 « vilet * 25C Water Tumblers- historic scene?, for W r 0Ui ht iron, colored ... .$2.96 25c Victory Toast- $!.00 Door Mati- Pots- Odd lots of the Fluid - The Turk- Sc?"pu% 7 Jo2£ num^'Vach *£
' • -rtf£? J pieces $1<;.!»O «>5-s and pmk fbwerf, Wrought Iron Good tear glass, 'pret- Hecorating dining glass sMe«, for dens or '85c Suvlo Heater ers — Will toait four^ Cocoa fiber, size i6x 60c, 70c *nd 85c kind, iih cleaner that cleans Three-Inch aluminum house number's! 'each! lOc
' S-r.ch Cnsta! BuJ 1 Ss _ me tor 6 „_ complete set for iz . . Umbrella Stands . . tily engraved, dozen rooms or dem: each cozy corner... —for heating rooms slices cf bread at once; 17; sale price each.. .* all at one price to anything; larte bode HercuJe 9 a«If-pulllBg corkscrews 2Se
v^cch. . we „», .:..:.".. ..f&, ..... . S3o st.sn .ego soo : . . . s2.7s | «« e .. y. . eac «i« prkc . . . 160 ..... : aBo to.-'.'m . . ¦ ¦ ' too F+iJ^r2^'S£^^:::::"::'::l£,
I i"^n^Lint°l s Ji!!fZ Table Silverware, Cutlery, Etc. , Big Gut in Carpei Prices Brushes, soaps, sponges
ln A?S O p %%Z D c e u P t a p^s S Sptendid Vatoes These * l For this Week Only And Other Toilet AMicles
,' Sapolio-Moniav and Tuesday, 4 bars 25O /^k&^-^- H&~*±'- -> Note these prices for SpOOnS forks, etc., Of *^" a*MM*9 ¦rsr«^«jpsv st^HUUJ^ lcoo Hani ScrB j, Bnahea, hea-ry hardwocd back*, fan Tampico
[ A ; m^ ia .^ Gr J Tgk hOaSChOM ' M ° n<ia - TaBd T0eS - ay ' Pm3 3 yo i^^^^'P^^^^ Celebrated " R °g erS Br0S ' 1847 " make J Be^-«g Monday and unnl clo«ng time Saturday, 8^ 7 "^ " '^^ "^ betmniai GC
, SaAdSoap-Sr/vker-si^M^/an^^^ '/^^^g^g^ f'-f» of our endre Ibc of Bigdow-Lowell, Whit- '^jfj^^^^^^ Italian CastHe Scap- A pure, gocd mh re^'ar 2 cc.«
' L.undrytoap-Extr, value, fortiMw,da yS , 29 bars. .$1. O J ~ZL, oSn £5 . Wl 9lC " *""** '" wWch 0Ur "^ I \ >fyWPPWTM ban, on .p.cial S, be,in^ 5 Monday, bar S3C
'. Crvstola — K r* 1 scouring <oit>, Monday a.-.d Tuesday, 13 bars 6f*gsyag ag-^^ . s^^&$^ 7?T>\.V\ -J ** G low rriccs are Ji AC and <i e-th- ** nm * ' l ! &"<ffl S- 1 \'\ /$£*
' :.....:.... SOO * S=Sa "* 3I <Cr^ C ° !i M?at F ° rks Sl.OO • 0W P nc «« re *'-4S an<«5i.S5^ Jgf m\WltkW\ ifc JtMl\ Whilk Broom^-Hightr in price than ev« owing to .carcity of
' 3a:i Blcing-G.-rrnir... 3 boxes 25 G P**-^ 1 . .^_^^ °-" ;r Ft>r1 "' Setof6 $2.5Q yard, sewed, Uned and laM for . . . 'jfl^JB 1 « ' N 'i^lS^l «hi,k corn. Beginning Mor.day, ho*eTer, w- wUl ofT.r
Stove Polish— Rising San, Mon<Uy and Tuesday, large sze. . 5(3 5^- ¦¦. "*" s Bju.Lon Spoons, set ot 6 S3. GO . , §ffl/W §£ ! ? ! 'li^^Wal a b"g lot of special 15c va'.ues, each £7 C#
Pawdeicd Borax-Srrlctlv rur-, , Jb. packages' /Oc <^^SS^^^^, F«h Set, P °° rl!> lmed * ' 6 ' ' * " %^2 , ° f 4 ° Pa "" n '' "' Cth " "^ "^ LPP 111 ' i^!i^ Toilet Soap~A special lot cf the * 5 c per box kind, delicately ?= r-
Starch-Best bale laundry, Mor.day and Tuesday, 5 lbs.. . 25c S^^^ Medum Knives 'JcH ' ' ' ' ' <J'l% «h-ch our regular low price is $1.25 the yard, until MjB^Wm famed -tiolet, heliotrope and jockey club-b^nni^ Mondav.
Maine Corn— Ne* far.cy pack, tin /5 C '. lvnu "' - c - CI ° • *»»/5 c!o;i dme „„. Saturday nigh' gt% * amp* \, box . f2*5
', Suczr Corn- B:.t Wetrern, 3 tins 3*7C Wallace Brcs'. triple-plated spoons, set of 6.-6 DO and Art N'ouveau design, one of which, a fish dish, , .. , , . ., f iS» M mCUlJtS) <MHWSwWW3Jl ' v"-" " ** w
• Mt'spcnan Toma-orj — New pick, 3 :ir.s i?5c Wallace Bros*, triple-plated table spoens or lorks, is shown in thc illustration. The^e arc very beau- fewcd » ""^ and la d lor dW^^^tf^l Chamois Skins— Good, heary quality, size 14x1* inches. . . 25o
.* Weshini? Soda — Bc:t, 20 :bs 25o set of 6. ;........ . . $1.2O tiful pieces, and besides fish plates there are veget- . . HTI BIT I III MTiT Toilet Paper— Hustler Brand, rood onalky, larte roll., 6 for 2Sc
'. Extra F.-uits — Peaches, jean and apricots, 3 tins . . . . . SOO Standard triple-plated medium knives, set of 6 . able d.shes, celery dishes, bread and cake trays, fruit V> c call s^eaal attention to the fact that we are offering the best Body Brussels tor but 5c •—•»%*
» Oysters -Extra New York count, dor. 51.45, 2 tins. . . . 25o • • St'25 dish«, etc. The patterns cannot betold from ster- P" >' aid more than ' h c «'F« combine jprice for taptstry Brusiels; and the famfts Smth Veltet Car- Tolltt Paper— Sanitary, good quality tisue, flat package, rail count,
I JOSSie MoorC AA Whisky - Monday and Tursday, John RusstH'l Cutlery Co. Table KniVfi— ling silver. We are sole agenti for Sin FrancWco. P ets for *SC P= r 7" d lts » than the comb^c's price fjr tapestry Brmssli. 6 for. 2BO
'' D b °^u\' \i u ' " V ' " u ti * ¦* * * •.-.• S2 C ziL?^- f 0 ™^?' ? °* 6 - 1 / '/o*£2 Pocket Knives-Krusius Bros., Henckx, I XL, Special Sale Smyrna Ruis- Continued for one Rujs Made from Carpet Remnants-All tie Sponges - Bath and house sponges, Weached, u larjc as your
1 Rye Vhisky— McBrayer, Sour mash, Hermitage or Miner's tor S«ne with ce^uloid band.es, set of 6 . $2.5O Gordon and other fine makes in every imaein week m conjunct.on with the big home furnbhing short cuts in our carpet stocks have been made head . . 25C
> the two cays, gal S3-15 Same w:th genuine ivory bandies, set of 6 . . . fc , . h 25otof4 SO »'e, al. new choice patterns and colorings and th: into rugs, in sizes from i\( by 6 fee:, to iaby 15 CA . .. .. .-- , . .. . ._.
Svreet Whus -* 1.50 port, sherry or Angelica, gaL . . . $1.'JS $3.75 l^u^l, nh'n '. en' fi T very best quaitie, of Smyrna,. feet, and we are oflerinj Ihem now « f.om /«/ Stork Xheetin S - We ha« it n.w- absolutely waterproo*, fight and
, Crystallized Rock and Rye-For thc two days, bottle ... S5O H-nckle*s celebrated steel able knives, $2*5CS AU kmves above 50c zte guarantee. • J30.00 Rugs, size 9 xis feet ... $22.85 third to one-half off regular pricei iunhle '
Champajne— Er.n Domestic, natural sparkling, dor. pts. J5.00, with cdluloid handle, set of 6. . . .$4,50 Scissorf— Best makes. . . . 25o to $1.35 f 4.00 Rug?, 36 inch size . ". ..$2.50 «r. 1 c « . * I yard wide, per yard |x. 00.
Pi» 5OC A New Une ct silver-plated hollow ware has Shears— Best makes, 6 to 9 inches, per pair . .* J i.eo Rugs, 26 inch sue .. . .$1.25 WindOW briadeS j . l>^ yards wide, per yard |i. 5 o.
. Ganymede *76" P"" O^ f a \i bottle . .,* 95O just been received. It U in the r.cw gray finish . . . \/ SOO to $f.OO - }»-*°Rng»> 18 inch size . . . . 75c 3 X 7 feet, 35C tO 70C. Rotund*, mainfloOT.
One-Quarter OH Framed Pictures $1.25 Framed Pictures S8c I Sate of Stamped Unens
During the Home-Furnishing Saies For Monday Only— We offer the balance of a line of handsome parlor Half or Less, Beginning Monday
\ Beginning Monday, and during the entire week, your choice of any framed picture, from $3.50 upward, P^tureS —prettily Colored Copies of nature photographs— pictures 17}4x25}4 Many broken line, of linens, of which we only have a few each left, are marked to e^se About
i at 25 per cent discount from the regular marked prices. The assortment includes all that is new and pleasing in inches, -nicely framed in 3*inch gilt and pretty ' gilt corners — someof them in Half Regu ap Prices.
; parlor, sittr.j-room, dining-rocm and bedroom pxtures, choice subj.-cu, by well known artists— artot>-pej, etchings Circular frames With Ornamented tops. .-These pictures have been Slightly £?£&*» J2° €.°y li 'L, no , w • ' '*O ISO Doylies HOW. . . .7© 25O Squares now . . 16O
• ¦»*¦*-« Bfcpfc-s^—^s^^ ; ¦' -.., • I damaged in store display, and to close out to-morrow, are marked- .. OOP }fg IgggjfSgj \ \ %% %%% f&%U?) ill UZsgaZ VZ \ •'. 2%
Waists and Suits [ Safe Pongee Silks Boys' Clothing 1 Annual winter Sale I Muslinwear Sale
\ ifim'styles 1 "* Monday Ottfy At Real Economy Prices Embroideries and Biggest ana Best In Town
"i Si2± The firs: shipments of advanced Our silk buyer during his Eastern trip These garmenta are new, up-to-date and perfect in Fine SffJSGi*tIOffJS OnW regularly made
|- iZF'&.jirto 1934 *y»e5 ia waists and street suits closed Out an importer's Stock Of pongee silks, every particular. The reason for the extraordinary cuts full rnt JinH nPf-
\ has arrived, and the garments are in plain an jj ern broidered offects, at about half in prices is because the line, are broken in size,. , Only A big importation Of many thOU" *M" T^J^^a -\^ v ' fr-V^'
\ *ST eS^tSS^S^Si the P ri^ s they will cost a little' later in the - few suit, o f each size and kind of themany .t 7 ies now sands-'of yards] of embroideries and fect + ly fmi | he f , g i r ." JtrT
• clearance ule b this department, season. These silks are very popular and will remaining in stock. . insertions, direct from' Switzerland, «T nlfrmtwmJh! /*¥^&\
i JffMm t^l^m^m, d^ V a n^^o^ 0^ T tt IS^i^^StSS on sale beginning Monday, *t /ess Man SSthJd "J5S
I\ :M«A and faacy uwn,, be« U t:fuu/tuck- morro^ > ou can anticipate your \vants at y^^) Oregon b.uc cheviots, of which we half the regular firices " bv "bargain" «arments /O^ lirll
! ifeP) S4FSHi Sc r to^l. fr0ft)39C , t059CayardinStead ¦ h p 5hiSsH These -dfint^^deries are worked S^e Kp«r« J|
fl^ff buckdot. would be full value ; t Se.^Wn, iSKJ PSS^r^ ? 5 f « SK« i T/^ ' f " StOr " beautifully made, with properly finished edges, be duplicated elsewhere at I O
[^ m, w :T;."^?^ ?..\?.™.39O. P^l^ WeW#^%^ems|^ the same prices. I I IP
it^'L Lot 2-500 yards of 27 inch plain pongee-a / / 7M Norfolk Suits-Sever.r hW that are fcad i y eludes the new ribbon effect for corset covers, FiRe amWc »«,, elaborately 1 if . If
&'>' U\\ ' aciu-ab^ stock. 'w^thV, 7A ver >' P re «y f^nc Jor shirt wa«ts, repilariy 75c a b^ li^^l . broken in the matter cf sizes; suits that embroidery for trimming, muslin Underwear, trimmed, from /I H J\
r Ml U\ an4Yi75«ch; S W P rS ? S yard, on ,p:c>al sa'e Monday only.. ....... JT^C VJfcJfcW -ere ,'4.50, " *r boy, 8 to- ,4 and Other SOrtS oftwash materials. , '-..... $1.18 to $2.33 JU [j if \ ,
Mi* A(\ • $1.25 *nd $1.35 Lot 3 — 500 yards of embroidered striped T^T . y«nijiin»rkcJn. WJ ,o» t uniformpj« We have divided them into six lots, from HlB< i. ome Conat Covtn. fa many /M * Ml A
Jnk /d\ N - E V 7 nin ? Waists - The T Pongee, in black and white ef/ects, that will \ ,1.1 Cai^ "«£Si§?»l?r?'. .7? /fP^i \
WfW \H \ j F r «5 j cuon fjr season 19 C4, the make very dainty and attractive shirt waists, regu- J* *%,— H / I ' I wailor buitf-For boys 5 to-,- 8 years; a large «,-„ fletnnkhfnolv Inw nriw ¦ fffrt to JJf 9P / B % flQMM
; V/ V 5 l\ V^ v^ry la cst ideas in aU-ovcr laces, iarly 85c the yard, uecial Monday only ..... | |J Km : of heavy weight serge suits, trimmed these astonishingly lOW prices. B ° 91 ' 38 t tj £!^\\\\&ffl
H.V' Crrp; de Chines, Peau de Sole, . . . , ftnft \ j ox • 1. , /. %AJmm w:tb black or whte silk braid on collars, that • Styles Worth lib to 2 ZC Yard • • //o Muslin * Oowns and Cambric, made Vff M ulidEf
\y uffetas ar.d French nc:s. You L ° l 4 ~ 1U0 ° yards d4 \T\Ch extra heavy gtfZ W were S3.95, cut for this sale to.. $2.95 StvltS worth ttb totoe vari 14c cf reliab:e mit!:r5aU *" d P r « £^ ' III*!?
-^ wiU find thee wasts priced at a Pongee, with small embroidered rings, in Shades BfM Boys' Finest Sailor" Suits -A badly broken ¦ Stvfa worth UA to'-locvdrZ ' 'iSn tAnkoti. tnm..68o *> S2.18 >**
; r "^ «^;S$&^^r%™ s IE r .r, e s^r.'*to O .^5|«jg;^^»| .'230 :«^ »,.«„» 5 » «*^* ;5 »-^ ft
have !eceivcd thess styles as y« and servicrabic costumes, regularly £i. 25 a yard, en m%£$C ' //I t5^*C and Su!t! » n° w • S6.OO Styles Worth ufi to 60C yard • ¦ 2SO t.Jmmmgt, from , 33O to $1.78
. -SS.OO, S6.0O, S7.OO, $8.50 t>$18.OO special sale Monday only .. . . . . . . . • • , V. .'*:'lW I900 and Suits, now..tf6»5O worth ut to 8<C vard '¦¦. • 34o Udit*' Ch«mijM of excellent musriw and cambrics, from . . . .
. New 19 .'4 Suits, #4-95—^ norelty mixtures of tan, gray and fcue, ' " \*/ Ages 3, 4 and 5 only/ m ' 48o*>$1*38
; rratly trimmed wth bands of solid colon of rame shade. Th: sft^TAin- B9R***± Bjr*±r**« 54IL* 99 "''" ' ' ' ' ' " ' ' ' """ " T C#IMM OAAslafl' Ladles* Cambric Drawers, with deep lawn flounce and -*-» '
r.ewEtonbou^e jsckets and unlinrd even length skirts, instead of Bide e2SS8G!K$n9B$n * *m> ¦•/ &OBM8g fft&GBSSSi cluster of rlae tuck,, hemstitched hem, only 23C
: ¦ on Free Exhibition SaleofCigats ah this week *£&2£e, .r*. r . "* v -* «/c
navy, brown and black, the new Eton jacket w.th shoulder cape . WJ? /i^z.'<? again secured Delorme^s The Crown — The new Sc cmzr beain- Miss Fronie Kruse will sing Lee Johnson's *« nn «-# # « —1
¦ i^^^rMM^^^^m marvelous painting, for a limited time, nine TMohdav 10 hotSSSc-^bOXO?50 W»S^ song, "Ramona," and his latest . Flannelette Cown T2o
. i: Wijn; w»« »rf 6«t _cmb«i i»J u«, b... .»d Utck Room, second floor, tviry day during butincss ¦£?'-; - „ .¦-...*>*.•« at 2, 2.30, 3, 3.30 and 4 o clock m the music te,^, iui rfj. tkln, trirand .:«. havteh'tt, , tZL, tik
. ¦f™^i^^,^ ll j;fc™ 1 J'' 11 hours. It is one of the most • famous o/ modern El Belmont— That most popular brand departaentfsKohd floor.;* ;KVi;jJ fentrf brf^, .«<b. ibc^, ««. Thoi , re ,!«. -«rf W
; .^^^,^^^.^.,,,,,,0,^^^ \ paintirlgs , an 7ts%aiuedat$s6,°oo.<,l \ .of Havana cigars, 3 for .^ggc. T^?'^ Ib *? "T**"* w.^r.';*9o. t :i'.72c
: Black Venet an Cloth 79c I Sate Children's Wool Dresses
We have closed out a stock of Black Venetian Twills from a prominent iflfcW ¦ ¦r'tii^ _^> -jf* Extra special vajues begins for Monday— a clean up of broken lines.
iNevv York jobbing house— one of the best wearing dress fabrics • *JL0 sr?^ f * -•' Children's all wool and cashmere dresses, in the latest styles, includ-
made, suitable for coats, suits and skirts. This is the 56-inch -mg^the Russian^ and Peter Thompson effects, large as- &*& ff gs
grade, regularly sold at. $1.50 a yard.' Beginning Monday and dur- K^MM$^^^/£yM / W§^M%^^ sortmentof colors, sizes 2 to 6 years; regular J4.00 value, Monday. +P^ia€i&
in^ week, while quantity lasts, an unniatchable special tc*^ < iu"iiiniin'» ', imim \ \ £ hwimimiiiii'" 1 "" chiidrcn^^AU-wooi wd c^^
rr ¦ ' ' " ... # v&J%jt lvraiJ jmi^^!^^^^ SSSt^^^^^' ' •¦'¦"' trimmed; «uch colon as pink, light bice, brown, red, navy, light graj, cadet ££**"!> flJISf
unering at ? ; , ; >a^i^^^^ aga *^^MERr6A t S'GRANDEST STORE b'ue, etc.; lizei 2 to 6 years; regular $5.50 and $6.00 values, Monday . *p*$ U%3%2 %DEATH CALLS
HIM IN PRIME
OF HIS LIFE
WILLIAM C. LEHRKE, WELL
KNOWN MERCHANT, WHO
DIED AFTER OPERATION.
;.j STOCKTON, * Jani 9.— Frank Brown,
.who '' has served terms in San Quentin
and . Folsom,; was to-day sentenced ,by
Judge Nutter to ten years in'San Quen
tin for. relieving the till of a local mer
cha"nt 1 of " $26. : Brown located the till
by making a small purchase and then
sent the dealer, out of the store for
some goods ¦on display, in front, which
gave him his opportunity. .- ¦-'¦
Ex-Convict Returns to Prison.
Joseph Anton Schwarz, one of the
pioneer German brewers of;this city,
passed ¦ peacefully. #away yesterday
morning at his home. He had been
ailing for some time and on account of
his age was unable, to rally. Mr.
Schwarz was born in Germany in 1834
and came to this^" country, .when", a
young man. He first settled in, New
York and later, moved I to j Milwaukee]
After engaging in the brewing busi
ness in that city for . some time Mr.
Schwarz disposed of his interests there
and came to California, arriving here
with many of the pioneers, v He again
entered ' the . brewery business arid was
in it at the time of his death. He has
been^ connected with some of the best
known brewing- estabHshments in the
city and was known all over the State.
He was a* prominent member, of | many,
German ; societies. ¦, ¦•¦ Deceased ¦' is sur
vived by a'* wife and two children. ,
Pioneer Brewer Dies.
OWINGSVILLE. Ky.i Jan. : 9. — A
volcano onSugarloaf Mountain, in Ro
wan County, ' is assuming ~ alarming
proportions. ;, There "are five fissures on
the side ; of the mountain^. from which
smbkejpours in considerable volume,
accompanied . by a deep, : rumbling
noise. . ¦ IK&KRlSBEBHStt
Volcano in Kentucky.
Mrs. Foster Dies Suddenly.
;, Mrs. .A. J. ; Poster, a native of Ire
land,'! 65 years of age', f died "very sud-"
. NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 9.—
Francis Wayland, LL. D./ formerly
dean of the Yale Law School arid pro
fessor of English constitutional law in
the university, died to-day of acute
bronchitis.
Death of Tale Scholar.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 9.— Andrew P.
West, president of the Columbia Savf
ings : Bank and prominent as a philan
thropist and public spirited citizen, 4 died
last night after a long illness. He \tras
a native of Zanesvllle, Ohio, '¦ 62 years of
age and had lived : here eighteen year's.
During the Civil' War. he participated in
thirty-three battles and: never received
a wound. He ' was a T ¦ man of " great
Los Angeles Philanthropist Dead.
TYLER, Wash., Jan. 9.— Ran Corley,
a yo\itb about 16 years of age, was
shot to-night and instantly killed. The
bullet took effect In the left temple.
About 7 o'clock the night telegraph
operator saw two men pass In the di
rection from which the shots were
heard a few minutes later. He also
heard the scuffling preceding the shots,
but as there was an entertainment tak
ing place at a school house near where
the shooting occurred he "thought it
was; probably some of the young men
engaging in . a friendly scuffle. About
an hour later the body, of the dead hoy
yvasr found In a sitting position leaning
against a stied in the rear: of a'jealoon
south of the railroad station anJabout
eighty rods. fypm , where the shots were
heard. There . was a revolver fin the
right: hand of the dead boy with ; his
thumb on the trigger, but there was
no ' powder marks on , the /ace. Later
his hat was . found under a clothes line
in the rear of 'Judge Bouton's barn and
not far from the pchoolhouse. The body
had evidently -been carried about eighty
rods and placed ¦ where found.
There Is no clew to the murderer, ex
cept-that the victim was, known to
have* had trouble with some other man
over the affections of a girl.' "The young
Fireman .- Killed ; Engineer Hurt.
BUENA VISTA, Colo., Jan. 9.— Rio
Grande passenger train No. 1,. west- e
bound, "collided;, head-on with a light
engine one t and : a half, miles west of
Arena 'and about .ten miles south of
here shortly before 6 this evening.
Fireman Robert Burns was, killed and
Engineer Williams was seriously in
jured. , None of the passengers were
seriously hurt, though all were'severely
shaken up.
Death of a Congressman:
MANSFIELD, Ohio. Jan. 9.—Con
gressman William W. Skiles of the
Fourth District of Ohio died to-day of
pneumonia at his nome at Shelby,
aged 64 years. •
Lad of Sixteen Years Is Found
Dead and the Circumstances
; Point to a Foul Murder
Mrs. Tnttle Dies of Burns.
Mrs. Clara Tuttle. wife of Frank
Tuttle of 909 Folsom street, died at
12:30 o'clock this < morning of burns
received at. her home at 7 o'clock last
night. , .
Well-Known Editor Dies.
WILLIAMSPORT, Pa., Jan. 9.^
James W. Sweely, editor and proprie
tor of the Sun and a leader in Demo
cratic politics in Pennsylvania, is dead
of pneumonia.
UNKNOWN MAN
SHOOTS A BOY
wealth, and although he never paraded
his good deeds he thousands of
dollars annually to charity. He leaves
a wife, but no children.
It was necessary to revise the lines In
order to keep him from what looked
like perpetual re-election.
One of the important measures to the
credit of Foster as a member of Con
gress was his famous report on the de
lay In completing the Washington
monument^ and It r/as due to his ef
forts more than to those of any other
man that this triumph of engineering
skill was finally completed as a lasting
monument to the founder of the repub
lic. • ;
• In 1S91 he was appointed by President
Harrison Secretary of the Treasury
and two important acts while serving
the Government in this capacity will
always be remembered.' Not long after
taking office he distinguished himself
by successfully adjusting the 4% per
cent loan which matured September 1,
1891. It is said that he was the first
Secretary, of the Treasury to negotiate
a public loan. at so low a rate as 2 per
cent. The next year Foster prevented
a deficit in the Treasury by calling, in
the amounts of public money In na
tional bank depositories.
denly last Wednesday night at her
home on Twenty-first avenue. An in
quest will be^held to determine ' the
cause of death.* The deceased leaves a
husband. '
man's parents are well-to-do residents
of Lance Hill district and live aot far
from here.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 9. — Cesar 3.
Resso, a wealthy Italian ship chand
ler, to-night shot and killed his wife
and then committed suicide In a
boardlngr-house in West Philadelphia.
Jealousy was the motive.
Kills Wife and Himself.
OHIO STATES3IAX DIES.
Former Cabinet Officer Charles Fos
ter Is Suddenly Stricken Down.
SPRINGFIELD, O., Jan. 9.— Former
Governor Charles Foster, who was
Secretary of the Treasury under Pres
ident Harrison, died at the residence^
of General Keifer here to-day, from the^
effects of cerebral hemorrhages. He
was 76 years old, and Is survived by
his wife and a daughter. He was at
tacked last night while sitting: in the
library of General Kelfer's home, talk
ing, and never regained consciousness.
No arrangements for the funeral have
been made.
Charles Foster's career in Washing
ton was marked by the strictest loyal
ty to his party while serving four terms,
as a Representative from Ohio in Con
gress in the early seventies, and by his
successful administration of the Treas
ury Department and as a member of
President . Harrison's Cabinet from
1891 to 1893.
Both as a Representative and as Sec
retary ot the Treasury, Mr. Foster.nas
easily accessible and was regarded as a
strong man in President Harrison's of
ficial family. He was first elected to
the House in 1870 and served until 1878,
when a Democratic Legislature in Ohio
redlstricted, him out of office. He had
already made great headway in Ohio
politics and when he was first nomi
nated for Congress carried a district
that had been Democratic for years.
William C. Lehrke. who died on
Friday last as a result of injuries sus
tained about three weeks aso while
stepping into his wagon, was promi
nently known in fraternal and busi
ness circles. "He was a member of the
firm of H. Lehrke Son?, grocers, 500
Minnesota street. His untimely tak
ing off was a severe shock to his fam
ily and friends.
The deceased was born in this city I
thirty years ago and spent all his life
here. His career was one of success
and he commanded respect both in the
businejr? «nd social world.
a. little over two years ago he was
married to Miss Annie Kiernan, who,
with an infant son, survive him. His
brothers, A. W. Lehrke and G. F. j
Lehrke. are well known In to\rn and 1
are associated with him in the firm, j
In fraternal matters Lehrke had a j
high standing. He was a member of
Crockett Lodge, F. and A. M.; Cosmo
politan Lodge, I. O. O. F., and Beulah :
Chapter. O. E. S. His funeral will J
take place from his late residence, 504 I
Minnesota street, at noon to-day. Ser- !
vices will then be held at Masonic
Temple. Interment will take place
In Cypress Lawn Cemetery. r
Lehrke was driving in the vicinity
of his grocery and had stopped to call
on a friend. He was about to step
into his buggy again, when his shoe,
which was muddy, slipped and he suf- (
fered a serious ruDture. He was re- j
moved to a hospital on Cole street,
where, despite the best of medical at
tendance, he expired.
W. C. LehrkeSuccurribs
to Injury Received!
Weeks Ago.
the san Francisco call; ¦Sunday, January to, 100*.
28
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
IWILLfiIVE$1000
gsft^^. If I fail to cure any
W*%. CANCER
or Tumor I treat
P*> ILW«i_ &5k before It poltens
7 fjNihifBl-HiPih!
jjg4 P Ho Pay Until Cured
¦ In W years I.havo cored more
-.•-¦.% • cancers than anr other doctor
kl. «^X / llTln «- Ko 2C R »r or other swln-
E«5**Sr>^ X Cle " INVESTIGATE
K^S^a^A LUMP !N
WOMAN'S BREAST IS GANGER
.They always poison tho glands In the armpit
and shoulder; then cure is often Impossible. Any
tumor, lump or sore oa tho LIP, FACE or any*
wbero . sir months is nearly alwayi cancer.
They never pain until almost past cure.
120 PAGS BOOK SENT FREE,
with symptom: L,xtC testimonials of thousands
cored whom you can see and talk wltl» •-
OR. & MRS. DR. CHAMLEY & CO.
"Strictly Reliable." Two Lady Assistant*.
23 & 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
; APVEBTISE«E3rrg.
Has science solved tv>e problem^ at Ian *n<i
robbed nature of her secret? The above Illus-
tration ia.that of an expert trying- to dlscera
the difference between the cenuine and th.it
phenomenal imitatJon, the Sapph-Ciafaond
Tho Sapph-Dlamond Is so near a fac nimiU
of the real that It cannot be classed with anv
rormer effort ot actencr. Demonstrated anfl
sold side by slda with the genuine. Never
under electric lights. sou
This gem is cut same as tha genuine dos-
•esslng a hardness which In a guarantee ot th«
brimanc^. 0 * ° m * °' prl3ma "c &» "S
Genuine Diamonds at Eastern prices.
J. C. DAVIDSOM,
Only one store on the Paciflo Coast.
124 Kcarny Street.
Send ltam? tor eatalociMk' J
; JOE BOSEWBEBCPS. I JOE V BOSENBEErtTS. | JOE BOSEUBEBCKS. \ JOS BOSEUBEBQ^S. I JOE BOSEJTBEBG^J^^
'^^^^B l\ 'obi?* /I JOE* ROSENBERG «Ei.i.s woolbw "underwear at
,V775^^^^wSSfejj^ I | . It has been predicted that we will have a very cold winter of the good old kind. If
///////^IIBiI-^SBiBSl^ Wa \ ' experience counts for anything, we have had It for twenty-five years, which has taught us
/Iff/llmlWlwBSfiflSR J&y\ \ i^^K A all the defects and how they should be remedied. We quote a few of the many samples of
i 7/ ///iVHKHHJH^^^ •ot* our good, warm underwear. j^yy •
' I % f%/^^/fWl c MABIB A»TOINETTB VESTS. p^'.i THEBE 13 AI.-WATS SOMETEIITO UUDIES' TIOSTS. ..,.„,,..
..I J I If! lUll If I (I y U : BUSTLE JOE BEY'S Made of same quality as above, high ¦ NEW. AND HERE IT IS IN LADIES' Mide of steam shrunk wilvflt-
*\ \ \\\V& II <*»•- »*^t^." neck ond lon & sleeves, the patent- DBA WEBS. wool, double twist weave Jersey nt
\ \ T^rSS^^^S^^bmrr/-^ imMBassii t « „,„, tMa pe(1 kintl - In or white Spe- it i«. made of knitted fabric, swiss ting tops and ankle lencth: medium
I \ liUVW^^SSSS^®^^/// 7 ¦ . Soft as MTJSH. truo ,%i A earment Sl.OO ribbed, umbrella shape and trimmed and winter weights.
l\\\ MVVwiCi^SSWBTOSSSpd^VK^Sj^. to nature; mado or lm- LADIES' VESTS. with wide knitted lace. French band. CHUB'S VIST.
\\\\\ \ « HSMSBS®^^8^^ «3tJrv hateMUrtit Sd of pure Vega silk, high neck wtth buttons on the side also drawlns . " Made o f steam shrunk Australian
\\\\\\\h Bii^ffiSffiK«Sa^88s®f ' afn '%*« nm-h?atfir and lon B sleeves. bwIss ribbed: me- "Jrinp. No laundry bills here; so voo l. high neck and lonsr Bleeves. Jer-
iWWWVi I HB Ii$&K§$i^i& u&icSi rwommeSi dium and winter wei K ht. TIOHTS to simple a child can wash them; no s ev init? medium weicht: soft a« vel-
\\\V\\VB BISBSIIMvJ^M^fBS t£?m • S ™& matc h. ankle length and Jersey fitting starch or iron needed; warmth and vc^ and wm not itch or irritate th«
\A V\\l ¦IlHHBV^BfiSRr VSW Lr2?'i.t "Kc tops - In Pink, blue or cream. For comfort for a very little 2.1c mO st tender akin: physicians recom-
\\\\vOfi Bll^^^^aWvW^lTl lSf nay, at — »*- health or warmth you cannot equal iHFAKTS' VESTS mend them. PAMTALBTTES to match,
VVVVJ i^^^K\W@ ¥ WE BOXTOHT r ? OM these for »1.» 5 fon g s'leeva. Made of g^r^'PSSdiSffSz" !™l.'.BOe
XVAll^^W^ffl ft^ySffi***. * DBW.HEB A LIM- STOUT WOMEN! Jersey knitted fabric; steam shrunk Sm a ll and medium sues. .^
\\\\VS Sls^^#^^ H t^W^mM ITED QUANTITY OP More is some underwear made ex- «nd medicated, soft as velvet to the Lar^ e sl2 «
\V AvPi Wi^^S^lvV IE ts£s#!ffiwM'l BLOTTER H0LDEB3 pressly for you. Tho extra large or most tender skin; easy to put on and MOTHTBS! W x-r«v-c8
OAVOjJ BsBrXf^mSsS ll xSeZzZSMpr AHD SAJiVB JABS. • \ outsizes. it is the Merode make, and take off. as they open all the way Have you se»n DR. DEN^TON S
VV \VBI dfcSii = a !Slra^X HFl I tflSzZ^niw* Ebony tops, with you know how they lit. dov.-n the front. Large and small flzes KXIT SLEEPING GARMENTS? "vv lth
0v vV.fSS^SSEHB^FKh m \F¥Z&&* M$ sterlinfr «Uver orna- V EETS at the Price -Cutter's ...'- > uc these on children can kick bedclothes
<S^^^^^&S^^^^W^ SS t ?^SrJ°S£j? l irtS Hiih'neck and lon S sleeve,. Made of CHIT.D M N'S VESTS. <$jn^^^J^J^ *%rSt&
? a 50 J c TCo but It Ftcam shrunk, wool-finished- yarn, High neck and lon K sleeves. Made [hygiene. Cover tha
r^^^E?^ was ouAuor to touV ?? ece Ji?£L£ r » ey \ nl } and^ ver ? elas " of fleece-lined yarn. Jersey knit, elastic SSi^SSr; cuffs for the hands and
TTJP^ - them w tSSt we could tic. TiaHTS to match, made of same and steam shrunk by a sanitary pro- m occl«!ins for the feet; easy to put on
XpJzP . ,1*1. ?«i ' Quality as above, snug fitting tops, cesa. PANTS to match, the same f ». « ««m« tn rhafe- nerfect fit
UP ""^^^ApieeVhe ankle Wth. If you wear these once quality as above. French 2£d "SB J^^J^fSSfmS^SS 'V^S ph™
,-;::.: «^ . . ' .a-pieco *>v we are positive you will wear no ankle length; in gray or ecru; all sizes deisms
LADIES' COMBINATION SUITS. No Let-Up others. Price A garment 75c 25c Small and me dlum sizes BOc
T^^li^^r^ulMh^.to\Tor™k . «> the oood THINGS we a M Economy Is the Road to\Wealth r Ladies, , Large 8lzes 5 °
for artificial warmth when you wear OPPEBING THIS WEEK. A jfi> EEKE ABE S0M3 LADIES' Here li a lonff Eiderdown Bola« at » A Bid Dime's Worth.
these. Made of Sea Island yarn, fleece- Above all don't miss our PETTI- ., JACKETS , low price. And you know what eom- ... . . y •.,.„« .«•»« »• rnui
lined: high neck and long sleeves; the C 0AT SALE. .^ O*< Oa which you wiU saT« 25 and warmth ther* Is la on* of „ D^tct frra toe^fl. waew tn» p«»
kind that button across the shoulders: The Orescent Manu- vT?^ oei- cent on the oriffinal sell- them. t llaea Haadiarcalefi ax« mafle.
ankle length; sanitary bleached; me- facturinff * Company's JgL tntc price. «««"« ¦•« Made of heavy rIpple \ LADIES* HANDKBR-
dium or heavy weight. At the Price cnxire line of snow- /rTw\ Drummer'* sample line of 5L eiderdown, deep sailor collar. j£a CHIEFS — Made of soft
Cutter's SOc \ room samples. 3Peopl» /-* the Florodora make. :• " ff/v crocheted all around with a bleached Shamrock linen, neat
LADIES' CO3KtINATIO» SUITS. /fj^\ wao nave worn them \%.7{h No better fitting; or w«ar- - SiA} P earl edge; military fro» rKT\ and narrow hemstitched. Our
Made of seventy per cent Australian (\>EfA know their fit and N&iF lnjr ffoods made than these.", fTu down the front, cord and |llA_Prlce. 10c apiece or....... .
wool; high neck long sleeves and \/fX\ wearing; qualitlw. We f^ «5 samples, no two alike. 1\ tassel around the waist and UgKJ. • • • • • •• •• • • • • tr^l'D KE^2
ankle length. Tie Oneita make; seam- #'VTV tcuffUt these a *. * Made of all-wool eiderdown; £k\\ P« c^ . °° m f n « * l <*£ *" V E^ lE®^-. T h^.«s E M«d"«rf Belfast
less and slove fitting- steam shrunk _*£& A ' forced sale at auction. . ripple doth and plain; some 7/1 lY. or red; you cannot buy the A*Rrp CHIEFS— Made of Beirast
If you "enjov warmth 'ano I low prieSi -SSS9 '1 * They are made of sa- embroidery trimmed, others T.ilk appli- <MiS? material for what .we ask for 1\*l \ lawn, neat and narrow hem-
combined lSSpJct Uiese for. . .Tsi.OO @^4 teens, moreens. Italian aued. also satin bound; sleeves and "^^ these complete. Price now. . stitched. You can hardly
<.urauiiirain.i)aiiiiaiiui ,t»x.w^ j^j, cloth and iron frame collars to match ;aU the newest shap«s: « S3.85 realize that you can buy a good hand-
POE ATHLETIC WOMEN OB OUT- alpacas. They are toae tiffht fitting- and others loose! '• * kerchief like this for Apiece 3c
DOOB SPOETS. - . hemstitched, tucked, For the tip-to-date woman you will WS TAKE STOCK SHOSTLT
Here are some tights that will keep tailor stitched, others never see a larger or better assortment But find we have too many odds and YOU WXJUi JTBVEB BTTT DKES3
you warm; ankle length and jersey fit- ruffled, also accordion plaited. Per than these: - ends In SHA2XS, SCABPS and SHIELDS. THE GOOD KIND, AT
tins tops. Made of Sea Island yarn; the moat exacting here is your Regular 91.00 quality, now....Cr>c/ TIDIES, and as we would AS LOW A PRICE AS TXXSB.
warranted stainless and fast black; opportunity: Beyular $1.25 quality, now OOc • rather have ths money It is nainsook covered and
patent jersey knit; elastic and velvet si.00 nuaUty 75c KeffUlar $1.50 quality, now S1.15 on hand than ,< >1 Uhed wtth a vegetable sub-
nnish. At the Price Cutter's 5Oc %{'^ ?£££%¦ . '! ':. '. .. V . . . '. . I . '; , .'. : OOr Kearular S2.00 qu a ut y ; now. Ilia!? these P=*<5l stance which is washable
LADIES' VESTS. S1.5O q-oality $1.15 Begular $2.25 quality, now ,SI.."»O \. "We have made a big cut Y^// and odorless. For a limited
i Made, of pure French silk, swiss rib- $2.00 quality M1.2K . •. a in the price of these to Vy number of days. .A pair 7c
bedf low neck and sleeveless; if you S2.50 quality $1.73 98c Instead of $1.50. Jt make a qulcjc clearance.
pay $1.25 you could not get any J>et- And Others. For warmth there is nothing to «S» x,;$l S 5,££ IJ S T . , or v TA ¥" To Those Who Were Disappointed
\rv; in pink and blue only. Price.. 75c equal tlie.se. ISQk} BOUK TIDY— 17 inches, in , . . . _«*»•_.. -»
LADIES' VESTS. . Hosiery. . ; GENTS' REEraRS-Made of extra MM 1 " pa^rn^with 'a atjo? the Real Turkish */4&
High neck and long sleeves; made of * Our prices ami our qnal- • h f a .vy filled silk; fast black and eSsag^ hraUlT-deaee- made of rood Cushion Covers and #*L JL
pure Vega silk, swies ribbed; In fast . itv-a?e totally different from stainless: IS Inches wide and 50 Inches hwv lirn Priw 1«p Back: were lucky in ffJg&M
colors, such as pink, blu*. cream and iir*x» ottiera r 5 ' * 1Imitefl Quantity be sold - TirjIE^l* inches'aouare securing another lot \Effigg*T
white. -Price Each gl.OO \IM -^Direct from the mills. No for • •••• OSc extm^la^ linen Center! f; qUally " sood If not -^^-.
I.ADIES' TIOHTS. ''<Fh~*' middleman's profit here. *^ 5 CENTS IHSTEAD OP trimmed with a hand-made Battenberg £5,"^" >°«J "^.S* 11 ".
of Vega silk, swiss ribbed; "%? . CHILD'S HOSE-Made of 25 CXKTS? lace. Regular 40c" quality. -marked to Kle WS^n each^SSer They wUl
00 Wm We Han Too Many Belts on Hand.
The celebrated Mentor make, known t AmES 1 HOSE-Xlade of. fa^t \y®&% Those who are fond of dr | w " r^ W^^t, 50^ If you read through
for fit and finish Made of wnol-('n- ,,,,,¦ , .i T ii >n»! rihtal A* •> embroklering. here is your SCARP OR BLREAL RLXNER-10 m^*r&^ carefully you will see
ished yarn fleece lined ier«ey knif b ack nsl i sh li hr^ 'KJ flnwn thi " opportunity at the Price inches long and 17 inches wide, open- «\^> how low we have
hiEh neck lone sleevei bS-ia als0 colore J? 8llk embroiderv down the Cutter - S for * 5 work hemstitch all around: hand-made hlk JoA marked them down:
leSth- ofen down t^ front with dioS front; perfectly made ami low in >*- drawn work in center; made of extra BAlJ54 iadip? nr aVk
wight. Will not have to hup the .,n-v-ool cashmerT^fast black, Jersey. Hi5,r > SUS?^Sv? P bMeP WBk Q«»ckly oOc \^ - Wf EELTS— Full one inch
Hffi-3S^^^ nH T lf7 L "Pi- fW WX«o™«OW WH IM TO bYckle. the un^ckabl^nd; m f!
iADIES! fflngtor wirmtlTfor the little ones, SS ? mad? of extS W/l V \i M TO BUT , Iimi ITIMS AT 10c
You will not have to hug the stove here you are for only 25c -??on e lambskin- na tent ¥/ / J ll ¦ M™ PWOES. , AUTO OR CRUSHED LEATHER
when you wear the MERODE UNDER- LADIES' HOSE-Made of fine cash- «[ a ro »f lambs kln^p at ent Wg/ J^J TApE MBASURES _ BELT-Made of extra nne Levant kid.
VEST, known for nt, finish and v.-ear. mere or worsted, steam shrunk, sani- re ducod to close F33&S3 SfcS co inches long, soft and sateen lined, steel buckle. In red. blue
Wo make a specialty of these. High tary fast black dye;. warm and velvet <m<""y t"»ae riTIMWITM • V unbreakable; now ...lc and green. Price 5Oc
neck and long sleeves, or high neck finish. Now ......^oc . ¦• •« /^ ~ iK^. \ HOOKS AND EYES — THE. ADELIXA BELT — Made of
and short sleeves; French knit; neck LADIES' HOSE — The outsize Kino, WHAT ABOUT AH AUTO VEXXi OS I^HO 1 The improved kind, steel black peau de soie silk, fancy metal
finished with a silk crochet beading, made; of Sea Island yarn; last macs taCE PEOTECTOB FOE THIS K fifl l» C I and D l< ick : - dozen for buckles, also slide in back; in the new-
with a ribbon run throuph it; in me- and velvet finish; spliced heel and toes. COLD WEATHER? K^J&Af^J lc est heads and designs. Price 50c
dium and heavy weight. also double soles. You will not match •;,- • „. . ". ,,. \TrT HAIRPIN'S — Four
q u^TaV^^ MW^WMMM^- ?imm> »rkl*IS ''•Liz's?* *****
match them in 'Frisco for our price. . OOMBI. - V?P?fy ; "nches^^dl: in" "blue* . - PEARL BUTTOXS-The C? od heavy tfV^v Srt* Jf^teT **"* "*
A garment 50c J ««¦ S S X^X'vJC/ brown. black and kind, clear white; small and medium KjV.jftJ 6000 yards, in different
INDIES* VESTS. C •*Xtf^«CS. vnViUH o'ontll t. hind- ?vfT white. Wo are over- sl7 - es >« widths, in openwork and
Made of Vega silk; low nock and no T*^|?£^ g^d and bias cut ' J W stocked in these, so APACHE JOHN' INDIAN LOOM- 7^4V blind patterns: the good
sleeves: neck and /armholes lace trim- lacp trimmed top and N must reduce our For making beaded work 25c ttg$& washlne kind. Hero is one
med and run through with silk ribbon; * bottom- rust proof - ' ' * ,, , stock; 50c and 75c CAMEL SILK— High luster, for .7^^. of the many; full 7 Inches
In pink, blue and cream 45c steels; 'straight front. Quality, a limited quantity 25c. knitting and crocheting, all colors: wide. Our price 20c
I.ADIES' VESTS. 3 *' short hip, just the corset for slender u . c . n ll ' lar^ e balls Apiece 4c m o *
Hieh neck and lone sleev#s ktoU* figures; in pink, blue, white, drab and . tieroArO 00/779 bOOa HlOOOns rf£k • - ¦ « rreV6ntl¥9
ribbed; made of silk and wool; un- black: many an imported^corset would Tor f work or neck . «^ T^J^^^^a^^Til^' Por caUWatos •* "^ *»«• rfb?
.!???..^S;.i8- «^- h^^^..K wear- an extremely low W SSS^ SSgT* " cW^S-M^ of L^m W
TIQHTS TO MATCH. YOU WILL BE HAPPY WHEN Width No. 60. full 3 M inches &t?& A length and width made ex- shrunk. all-wool yarn, in feg|
Made of Jhe same quality as above; YOU ARE UOTEa.OHB OP THESE. wide, made of all-silk taffeta ~ ., ftl, pressly for us. It Is steam £? ncy e«ect, Jersey knit; in t \23
kid fitting tops; knee , and ankle ___—- And Jurt think of the In satin dotted effects. Now shrunk. ¦ square yoke, ela- *J, 1 i e ' 4 .IfA ".* .Hf^"' . II
lengths. Price T7j :;$1V75 K(\V^\^ price 155c A yard 8c ji JWfbfa borately trimmed in fag- and children s all one price. . £J
IF WOM EK COXTXI, VOTE THE Tv^^l rc^^SP^^Si AK0THE E KIBBOK OPPEKIKa. • f^ed^^yo^^OU^ . [ ' ' ' ' ' ' ' '^t *T G^C* **.
QIVEW. «al wood handles; a wide or sash ribbon width; in pink, *' j J* '» V and blue stripes. Price AT A VEBY I.OW PMCE
(fa And here is one in LA- limited quantity, so try blue, nile. tan. red. green, lavender/ ¦ them elsewhere and then w W/f \ p^vr w «.»„ .
W) DIES' CHEMISE ot SLIP : « a ' B » ;a » to be parly if, you want also black and white. Instead of 40c.' you will see how reasonable we sell.' W ll v /o« . \-nv i PARIS and
**ju GOWN, made of soft one. Price ..'.... .35c Monday and Tuesday :... 25c Price 90c W^jj JjO« M «^i?\ J n , . T^ c^".
/Kte£h bleached English long cloth. . . HhLU 5^* al a^ d le^ **aisaa.
(ftmn round neck; front neatly *1 00 /ntfanH nf t4 00 nntf &1 00 d& PABTICTOAK WOMEN. J Rlicv o 'iiU^S £j^,T- aZVZ Vl ? inches
v5*OTl trimmed with three rows of 9'^ u Instead Ot $4.UU anO SO.UU. ' f?* HEBE ISA COBSET POB tSUSy / *"'¦"* wide. Just the lace for
NrvWml Cluny lace insertion, alter- Inspect these and then you will say \*J - YOU— THE C B A I.A SPIR- OP COUBSS WE ASS. OVBLOW w««h«M- « rw i e ? r or fancy work;
/fflwkt nating with thre? rows of this is the one store that advertises ITE. PRICES MAKE US SO. HERE IS ashabI «- Special \ard 10c
¦ ' 1 m1 fading and ribbon; fa ff ntTC . rmim . Trnv porKPT lilJJk Made of fast black French OUB WAY OP SEILIHG. TOVB MOSS7 WOL SO UOBE
elbow sleeves, trimmed with , CO >V*w cV< h Sp «Ji i^K) ) sateen, low bust, extended hip ' - •-¦' ' ¦¦ - LADIES' FOUN- THAN DOUBLE DUTY HIM.
Cluny lnce and ribbon. Hotwepn the BOOIv and PLKSL. — Made of s«»al, TtSSs. 7 ., nr i i ontr nv( , r n l«iompn- f irr-n- DJIlLIJlssi mi_ _ riATmv rmiiP o /-. , « « Jv U „
hours of 10 and 12. Monday and Tues- Levant, morocco and alliga tor skin: . /|&* lar cut and handTored four .PT^SSg^ff fo^ ke^Dine thl q,^ 8 ? ES , OR
-^fi 2? .'nw S2 W ° Q «i ni» to prevent stretching; stout Iffl ™n v «llill stocks; in pointed x the rood kfndtJSf
Ladies' Golf or Walking Skirt. ™n- be sold for Sl.00 -.women here is an extraordin- ¦ - and round effects will cut. Do not Judg^e Se qStiit^by
\ You -will be proud of these WHAT ABOUT A PiAKHEIiBTTE ar y corset for you. Price. .&1.OO. in^the newest shapes Aplwe 8c the price, but come and Inspect them.
-when-you .get one. Most PETTICOAT POB WABMTH? ' " .« ' i -*'S* •. . . ' - ' »» •* A pair 9c
(5Pgi; comfortable walking skirt >. Here is one of the Aim am^ £g% /g± agng f9»k E3 IBtft Otk Tl B »~ - . viav wot vivn « nm > Vln
¦ M\ "J, 3 * 1^ 11 , h ,anp and fits as it f . good kind at a very fi§ iff fl}C"W fH Dl OP -=-= I KF —— , WOX OTATATO TO? wS
rJ*\ should Made expressly for /r\. low price. Flounce H • BUS H U V5» \ffl M fei Ug B^ ¦ BIL YOU CAS BOT TIE jto pat
iffiy* us. Made of all-wool Ens- / / [\% finished with a seal- B BfQ Q HbMH IlW BWB MB Bff nnii^IT />¦ rTTriN ENT hair BTTAiirrs n£ «,^^"
j^-I^JMffSara !.° p oii^ s vilLz; 1 ¦ ¦! UtttWBLlia PRICE CUTTER 1 ""-"-
rvfe,4\ the bottom; flare effect, also ": blue stripes; steam H _/_ ;.__ ¦ _ ¦ . # - __ . . _, -. u,, . of . hl 5 hl y polished Italian
SHC&A. man tailored; lapped seam?: shrunk and fast col- - H £!6 Market Street. IlOTarrcU Str&et % v he "' f aten^ »mproyed teeth which
yZI&J* 1 in brown, gray, black and ors; tlie store that is satisfled with a I g -,.„ MM ' - . . ' ?51?.« \fl locks in place and also
* navy. At the money-saving small profit. Instead of 50c, Monday rafe m MAIL OWJE84 SoUcfTED .>/.' Prei ent ths comb from coming out of
store 82.08 and Tuesday. .•/.¦. S9c' ¦ T' '•-** '¦'" the hair. At the Price Cutter's.. 15 C
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Shoe
Sale
That
You
A" money-saving sale of good
6hoes — a sale, so satisfactory
that Kaufmann customers are
always pleased — a sale in a
shoe store that does not exag-
gerate- — does not impose upon
its customers' confidence — a
sale that has a reason for its
existence — an honest reason.
Each year our sales increase
— each sale brings us more good
customers — and they come to
us because we sell only good
chocs and our reductions are
the real kind that make a sale
genuine. You can depend on
every bargain — it's just as we
advertise — every patron can al-
ways return their purchase and
have their money without a
tquabble — every sale is satisfac-
tory here.
RADIUS' rELT UOMEO6- Red.
I purple and black. Some are
trimmed with kid; all are flan-
'• nel lined SOc
XJUDZTS' SATIN EOMEOS-In
blue, pink, white, brown, black
1 and red; strictly handmade
; goods 81.15
CEHDEEK'S ASTO KISSES'
] rSLT SLIPPE3S —
Sizes 5 to 8 ooC
Sizes S^ to 11 <}Oc
Sizes 11>4 to 2 ' 65c
XXTFAHTS' SOFT SOLE SK0E3
A number of fancy styles. -35e
XJTPAirTS' PA5CT VEIiVET OS
; THI.T XOKEOS- Flannel lined;
; sizes 1 to 6 %Oc
XiADXES' FATEHT LEATH2S
i SLIPPERS — Thr<»e straps.
f , French heel; usually $2.50; the
sale price »1.05
XABXES* KID LACE SHOES
Generally sold for $2.50 and are
guaranteed 81.85
LADIES' PATESTT LEATHEE
LACE SHOES — Military heel
and nobby last. Always sell for
*3<>0 82.15
Xl&OZES' PATESTT i.EATKE»
OZPOSDS — Made on very pret-
) ty last with military he«l. Al-
• -ways sell for $2.50 91.SO
• C'H I I.TlRFiTS SHOES — Odds and
I ends from many different lines.
Tour choice, for SOc
CHILDREN'S FAXTOT DANCING
SLIPPERS — Pink, white, blue
or black kid; also In patent
leather:
? Sizes £ to S o>;»
1 Sires 84 to 11 Sl.lO
v Sizes 11% to 2 J&1.3O
SOTS' EATIN CALP LACE
SHOES — Good looking and good
for wear.
Sizes 9 to 13 551 Or»
Sizes 13% to 2 Si '"¦?
Sizes 2% to 614 $l!45
KEN'S rELT SOXEOS— Either
felt or leather solep. The felt
Is extra, warm and thick..$l.«o
3SS3TS BATH SLXFPEUS — Xice
and warm 55 C
ITEBTB DOUBLE SOLE SHOES
Made by Johnson & Murphy.
Former price $6.50. Xow. .
84.65
KBIT'S ENAMEI, 'OX PATENT
COLT SEOEBr- Heavy soles:
$4.00 always ./ S3.15
KHJS'3 ELIPPEH.S — Tan or black
..90c
good Shoes
K . 5pat e nt£T jx
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists MalioJ
on Application.
7BESI AND SALT KEATS.
JAS BOYES & CO. a &i Bo £5r^
oros. - .. .:r.-.. --
LUBRICATCfO OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS,
4U Frost st. 6. F. Phon* Mala 1718.
FKIW TUTO.SANTA ROSA Jan. 0.— At the matins of
the Board of Supervisors to-day Dr. J. W.
Jesse of this city was elected county physi
cian. succeftJIos Dr. M. M. Shearer. Th»
latter has held the position for many years.
Dr Jesse was once elected Mayor of this city.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.— The case
of Jonah K. Kalanianaole, the Ha
waiian Delegate, .who recently was ar
rested here for disorderly conduct, and,
on the ground of Immunity from ar
res$, refused to furnish collateral to
avoid being locked up and tried in
court, was again called in the Police
Hawaiian Again in Police Court.
JEFFERSON CITT. Mo.. Jan. 9.— In
an opinion handed down by Division:
2 of the Supreme Court the Missouri
"truckstore" law is declared to be un
constitutional. This law prohibits cor
porations from issuing trade checks to
employes.
VTruckstore" \m\\ Is Invalid.
lln governments on the subject, and the
officials here emphatically refuse to be
led into explanation of acts which they
declare are known to Emperor William
and all Germans who have taken the
trouble to institute an intelligent In
quiry. ' ?v' 7. V;
Court to-day and continued until next
Tuesday.
* STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. ».— At a
meeting of the faculty . council of Stanford
University herd » last; evenlns • forty-four de
grees were conferred upon students who have
completed the - prescribed course of study in
the university. -. .' • • ¦
Boer Prisoners to Go to Natal.
BOMBAY, .Jan. 9. — Nearly, BOO
Boers sailed for Durban, ' Natal, ; to
day. These are the last of the irre
concilables who were imprisoned at
Ahmadnagar. later" they were' in
duced by General Delarey to take the
oath of allegiance.
- Tuesday evening. January 12, at 8:15
o'clock, in the Academy of Sciences "Hall,
810 Market street. Dr. Jan Grant will de
liver a lecture on Scotland, illustrated
by over 150 colored slides. The lecture
is for the benefit of All Saints Episcopal
Mission. . . •
: Dr.' Grant's wide i reputation as an
author and traveler should 1 insure - a
large audience v. Independently of the
worthiness of ' the object for which the
lecture *s given.
Where the Purple Heather Blooms.
BOSTON, Jan. 9.— The Democratic
State Committee to-day indorsed a
movement in favor of having the na
tional convention nominate Richard
OIney for President of the United
States. Resolutions were adopted in
viting Democrats everywhere to .work
in support of such a movement.
The resolutions were introduced by
Congressman McNary, who classed OI
ney as one of the J'foremost Americans
and foremost Democrats." He thought
that if the Democrats were to win .this
year they must carry the Eastern
States, and said that the nomination
of a man from New England would
have the immense advantage to the
Democrats of establishing a, large East
ern area where the scales could be
turned in favor of the Democratic nom-
BERLIN, Jan. 9. — Professor Uphues*
statue of Frederick the 'Great, present
ed by Emperor William to the United
States, has been ready to be shipped
for some weeks past, but no. intimation
has come from Washington as to when
the authorities there want it sent. The
newspapers In opposition to the Gov
ernment or unfriendly to the United
States continue at intervals " to com
ment s on the "contemptuous disregard
of -his Majesty's gift by the United
States," and find fault with the policy
of j conciliation toward "the Yankees,
who mistake German courtesy for
weakness."
Jan. 9.— No excite
ment has been aroused official cir
cles here by the attacks : of the anti-
American Dress in Germany regarding
the statue of Frederick the Great! v It
is' again - pointed out that until - ; the
work of construction at the War Col
lege has ' progressed . further j it. will l be
not only not expedient but dangerous
for the statue to'be. erected. It is to*
be located near the main building, and
the contractors .will 'not be" responsible
forr'its safety : while building . Is" going
on.: There Is a thorough understand
ing between" the Washington and Ber-
Democratic State Committee
of Massachusetts Formally
Proclaims His Candidacy
Anti-American Press in Ger
many Try to Make Trouble
Over Monument to Frederick
OLNET'S BOOM
IS LAUNCHED
STATUE TOPIC
OF CONTENTION
Accordfng to the testimony of
George Gould and his brother John,
they had knowledge of the coming of
the party and. when twenty-five mask
ed and armed mencame to the house
they were lying in wait for themi
They; halted the crowd and told them
to go back; for answer the whitecap
ping party fired a volley at the
Goulds. The latter opened fire, shoot
ing two of the whitecappers and the
latter fled.' One of the wounded men
is now in a Great Falls hospital and
the other is in hiding in the Highwood
section.
GREAT FALLS, Hpnt, Jan. 9. — J.
M. Reeves, accused of having headed
the .alleged . whitecapping party that
visited the home of George Gould in
the Highwood section on the night of
December 30, was last evening given
a preliminary hearing before Justice
H. L. Descombes In Belt and bound
over to the District Court.
Midnight Raid.
Mountain Man Must Answer to Dis
trict Court for His Part in
WHITECAr LEADER r
IS HELD FOR TRIAL
He aided Lamar in saving Missis
sippi from political misrule, and was
empowered by Governor Hampton to
look after South Carolina's interest,
having canvassed the State foT Its re
demption with Hampton, and after the
adjournment of Congress secured the
removal of troops from Carolina. For
this he received the historic dispatch,
'.'South Carolina thanks you." His life
size portrait hangs in the State Capitol.
The ladies sent his little daughter, born
in Washington, a silver urn, with
Hampton's dispatch on it, and to Gen
eral Gordon a superb silver service,
each piece mounted with ' a gold pal
metto tree. As Governor his adminis
tration was faultless. The New. York
Sun declared his first inaugural
"worthy of Thomas Jefferson"." His
last election as United States Senator
was a marvelous political victory. Un
opposed, until he antagonized the sub
treasury plan of the Farmers* Alliance,
which had four-fifths of the Legisla
ture in its favor, he was elected after
the most exciting contest of the time.
In the wild enthusiasm succeeding his
victory he was borne by the multitude
through the Capitol to -the streets,
placed on a caisson and drawn, about
the city among shouts and rejoicing,
while the whole State was ablaze with
bonfires. General Gordon has been all
his life a model of social worth and an
ardent Christian worker.
TIIAXKED BY A STATE.
After the war he gathered his wing
of the army and njade the greatest
speech of his life to his heart-broken
men, exhorting them to bear the trial,
go home in peace, obey the laws, re
build the country and work for the
weal and harmony of the republic. His
seven years' service In the United
States Senate was brilliant and states
manlike. He delivered powerful and elo
quent speeches upon finance, civil ser
vice reform and made a masterly de
fense of the South, exerting a conserva
tive influence. In the Louisiana trou
bles he was chosen by the Democrats
in Congress to draft an address to the
people of Louisiana and the South,
urging patience, endurance and an, ap
peal to the returning sense of Justice
to cure wrongs. He took a masterful
part in the debate, and a serious vari
ance between him and Senator Conk
ling was adjusted by Senator Bayard
and others. The farmers of Georgia
thanked him for his efforts for agricul
ture, k
GORDON'S GREAT SPEECH.
ies and won an international fame as a
soldier. An English correspondent of
the London Times declared him the ris
ing genius of the South. He was sec
ond only to the great Lee. He was five
times desperately wounded. His de
voted wife, who accompanied him dur
ing the entire war and whose narrow
escapes would equal any romance, by
her care and faithful nursing saved
his life when pierced by five bullets at
Sharpsburg. He led the last charge at
fateful Appomattox, taking the Fed
eral breastworks and capturing artil
lery during this closing scene of the
drama.
BERLIN, Jan. 9. — Professor Gunkel
has come to the conclusion, from
scriptural evidence, that Mount Sinai
was an active volcano when Moses led
the Israelites to it.
According to the narrative a thick
cloud lay on the mountain, the smoke
of it ascended to heaven. There was
thunder and lightning and a voice like
a trumpet- The mountain is also tie
scribed as quaking.
Putting all these things together.
Professor Gunkel. who is one of the
most advanced of Berlin theologians,
insists that Sinai was selected by
Moses on purpose. Moses spent years
in the wilderness before he went to
Egypt and knew of the existence of
this volcano.
Mount Sinai Once a Volcano.
KLECTED TO SEXATE.
He declined the use of his name as
a candidate for United Slates Senator
in 1871, when Norwood was elected,
and the same year went before the
Congressional committee to defend
his State in the "Ku-Klux" Investiga
tion. He was delegate at large in the
Rational Democratic Convention at
Baltimore in 1672, opposing the nom
ination of Greeley; was elected Unit
ed States Senator in IS 73, and re
elected in 1879. He resigned in 1SS0
and raised money to build the Georgia
Pacific Railroad. He was elected Gov
ernor of Georgia in 1SS6, and re-elect
ed in 1SS8, and in 1890 was elected
United States Senator.
General Gordon was one of the illus
trious generais of the Confederate arm-
He was mining when the war be
pan, but enlisted at once and served
heroically to the close, becoming in
succession captain, major, lieutenant
colonel, colonel, brigadier general,
major general and lieutenant general
in command of one wing of the Array
of Virginia. He settled in Atlanta
after the war. He was a member of
the National Union convention of
Philadelphia in 1866, delegate to the
National Democratic Convention in
1S6S and Seymour and Blair elector
the same year- He declined the use
of his name as a candidate for Gov
ernor of Georgia, but was finally nom
inated, made the race against R. B.
Bullock, and, according to the claim
of his party, was elected and counted
out by recontsruction machinery-
•John Brown Gordon.' thirty-fifth
Governor of Georgia (1886-90), and
former United States Senator, was
bom in Upson County. Ga., July^ S,
1*32. His great-grandfather was one
of seven brothers who emigrated from
Scotland to North Carolina and Vir
ginia and who were all Revolutionary
soldiers. His grandfather" was a promi
nent citizens of Wilkes County, N. C.',
and his father was Rev. Zachariah H.
Gordon. John was educated at the
State University of Georgia, where he
was graduated in 1S52 at the head of
his 'class. He road law and practiced
a short time in Altanta with his
brother-in-law, L. E. Bleckley, after
ward Chief Justice of Georgia, but
soon gave up the profession to aid his
father, who was mining coal in Geor
gia and Tennessee. He married, in
1853, Fanny, daughter of Congressman
Hugh A. Haralson. -
$ IS*RAPJI>L.Y PROMOTED.
ness, which overtook him last Wednes
day, was congestion of the stomach
and liver, following an acute attack of
indigestion.
• ATLANTA, O.i.. Jan. 9. — Lieutenant
Oeneral John Brown Gordon died at
iiis winter home near Miami, Fla.. at
10:15 o'clock to-night. His fatal ill-
Death Calls John B.
Gordon, Famous
Southerner.
LONDON", Jan. 9. — Referring to the
statement published in the United
States that final arrangements were
made yesterday at a .conference be
tween Embassador Choate and the
Home Office officials for the release
in Apri of Mrs. Florence Maybrick,
the American woman under sentence
of hie imprisonment on th*» charge of
I oisoning her husband, it is pointed
oat that the status of" the case is as
cabled to the press on March 23, 1903,
when it was announced on the author
ity of the Home Office that she would
be released in 1904. The exact date
of her release is not yet fixed.
Baroness de Roques says that her
daughter. Mrs. Maybrick, is decidedly
in better health and gaining strength,
now that she has the certainly of be
ing released.
"All the sensational newspaper ac
counts relative to our business inter
nets and future fortunes," added the
•Baroness, "have not resulted in any
profit to us. Quite the contrary."
Prisoner Is in Better Health Now
That Her Freedom Has Been
Assured.
MRS. MAYBRICIv WILL.
SOON' BE RELEASED
LIKUTENANT GENERAL
GORDON. WHO PASSED
A \VA Y Y ESTER DAY.
When the congregation rose to sing
a hymn it was noticed that Downer did
not move and his bowed head attracted
attention. A friendly hand shook him,
and then, without disturbing the wor
shipers, three men carried the corpse
from the church. . 4
NORTH YAKIMA, Wash.. Jan. 9.—
For an hour last night the corpse of
Joseph W. Downer, one of the pioneer
business men of this city, sat upright
in a pew in the First Christian Church
and stared with sightless eyes at the
preacher.
Downer had gone to church to at
tend the regular Friday night service.
Some time during the sermon he was
stricken with apoplexy and died •with
eut any indication of his death to those
surrounding him.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Xoighbor Discovers the Reason
Why Pioneer Merchant Did
Xot Join in the Singing
LIFELESS MAX IX A PEW
Worshiper in a Church* in
Washington L* Stricken Witli
Apoplexy During Devotions
DEATH INTRUDES
ON A SERVICE
CONFEDERATE
GENERAL GOES
TO LAST REST
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SUNDAY. JANUARY 10, 1904.
29
PRAGERS I - PRAGEKS 1 PRAGEKS | PR.\G£RS } PRAGERS
¦ • ¦ ' • - . -
Late Shipment of New J^{^^ --Greater Values Than Ever in Women's
Embroideries, - 1 ' \ Muslin Underwear -— Children^ Coats,
THE following lines were not received^ for the 1 Besides the- many new V qp HROUGH uncontrollable delays- the greater part of our women's under-
opening day of the great 'White bale, and to |fl spe cials planned for the.A. j 'wear stock was not ready for display until a few days ago. Therefore
give them a place with tjie other great values we \m. seC ond week of the. Annual \ A this will really be thc/irst chance to inspect it. Thousands of the
nave made big reductions. Don't fail to take advan- ||l White. Sale there will, be \ daintiest, prettiest garments shown in years can now be had at greatly re-
tage of this shopping opportunity. |JH some exceptionally fine at- \ duced prices. Note a few of the following values:
•*>c a yard — Fine cambric and lawn embroidery edeines and sljH tractions ' in Other depart- \ SKIRTS — $1.50 — Made of cambric with fiou-r.ee trimmed with three
insertions; also fancy, galloon headings; regular ioc and- 15c. inn mentS ; notably, women S \ clusters of hemstitched tucki and o-inch embroidery edge,
values. : ... V ' InU suits and coats. The care- \ CORSET COVERS — 5Oc— Made of fine nainsook. French style:
lOc a yard — Fine cambric edgings and insertions. 4 to o 3ntl . f u j thought tnven to \ round neck, trimmed with three-iheh Valenciennes lace "insertion and
inches wide; regular 20c value. . 3[|U . . ° T 8 C n1<» \ beading run with ribbon: neck and arms trimmed with fine lace edge.
. a«c a yard-Swiss nainsook and cambric edgings and in- |MH tins -rjanuary sale \ GOWNS— *? 1.00— Made of heavv muslin/ Empire style; square
sertions to match; sells regularly at 35c a yard. This lot con- |nn shows throughout the store \ neck: reveres of all-over embroidery edged with good quality of em-
sists of the most beautiful patterns. / , c • j, inH ijuthe magnificent . values \ broidery: * : ¦
cambHc%Sin7s H an n d1nTer^nrt O l^ offered on.all.of the most \ DRAWERS-^c-Made of muslin with cambric ruffle.
10 inches widf. These embroideries are worth 50c. 75c up to iD-ti seasonable and desirable \ ,- trimmed with one row ot taggotmg and narrow embroidery
$1.25 a yard. Excellent values. WrlH goods. J> J* J* <*• «£ , \ ' ' f HI1 , nMnuDWPAD «i-,. u t r ti 1 ¦.
HL114 & \ KNIT UNDERWEAR — <>«»c — Broken line of Tersev kn:t
¦^•l 1 — J UT^.m T&*m*rr. Greeil Trading Stamps GlVen. \ vests and pants, one-half wool; regular $r quality; white
Kli)l)OI\S anCi flair UOWS. Mfln^ u ,-,v, ., .v v \ and natural.
: 1 at'RtT\\\\m^^ ,2.1c_Mercerized lisle vests: low neck and sleeveless; ex-
WE have already lowered the regular selling MM.CTi^V^^."-' -> ¦¦' - ;< ' ' * - , ra finf ,, tli ,ii tv: hi ai .^,,,,i r . r^,,i 3f ;n ,- ra in f .
prices on several very attractive new lines of iv i^ixrsAc /livrl QSltre 'Children's Wear.
ribbons and have made them splendid bargains, l/FCSS X^OOuS 0110 OlliiS» UNDERWEAR— 2Hc— Heavy fleeced cotton vests and
in keeping with the other features of the sale. . ~ " ~ ~ 7" pants, also combination auits; extra value: sizes 2 to 12
1 s »N line with the policy of great values for this years. . >
4c a yard— i V< -inch plain and I fancy hair ribbon; worth ioc. | sa i e the dress goods department offers some new FERRIS WAISTS— 1 He—Made of a cood quality o(
' 15c a yard— All silk satin taffeta and plain taffeta ribbon; J| a '": nn< - b t F drilling; well corded; bone buttons are put on with
3 inches wide. Just the thing for heckwear. attractions. . t sizes- -»i and 2' oniv worth 2^0
10c a yard-ooo- yards of all- silk fancy ribbons: Dresden, DRESS G00DS-43C a yard-trench Albatross; all col- ta^ e ' *'"* 7 1 and 2 ' ° nl> ' '\ or "" 3 -- D ; .. ¦ „
ombre, polka doVand stripe effects; regular 35C quality. ors, cream and black. . COATS (sizes 2 to 6 years)-M.. o-Reeter ,acket ot all-
25c a yard— All silk satin taffeta, libertv satin and plain taf- $1.5O a yard— 58-inch "Rainette," 111 brown, gray and wool cloth: colors red and tan; reduced from J3.50, —
feta ribbons in all the newest shades; 3l4 to 5 inches wide; a blue mixtures, for walking suits. Sells regularly at $2.50 a length coat of eiderdown, with laree cape
regular 40c value * ' yard.- ¦" collar, trimmed with fancy braid and ribbon; come 111 white.
S.*»c a yard— Latest novelty in belting ribbons; Roman stripe .fl.OO a yard— 52-inch black broadcloth; an extra heavy pink and blue: reduced from $3.50.
effect Special • ' quality; worth $1.35. • - *-•»«>— Full length box coat ol all-wool cloth; fancv stole
HAIR BOWS 23e each— Black taffeta and colored satin $1.00 a yard— Plaid silks— wide heavy silk plaids, includ- collar, trimmed with silk cord and ornaments; colors tan
hair bows: high and broad effect. Special. ing the moire grounds. Reduced from $1.50 a yard. and royal; regular $5.75 value.
' Shoe Bargains. Lace Curtains, Wash Goods and Fifteen Specials Selected Men sFurnishings
FSo^^et: for Their Appropriateness at This Season. ' lilp^M^
"* be found in our well ap- \ X / avc arran K e( l to begin tb'e second week of this great January sale success with a. new lot bought, for the holiday
pointed shoe section. Perfect \f\/ of specials. Every line advertised and displayed last week has been carefully looked over trade that we .have reduced
fit guaranteed and the biggest and the best chosen for to-morrow's business. Not a line of goods has been omitted for this white. sale,
values. - that we believe is in demand by our customers. The splendid values are a byword with shop- HANDKERCHIEFS — pc—
$2.S5f Me p ;s up-to-date shoe,: pers o f the department. . stitched'fai/dke'chiefs 0 !" cofo?*"
box calt. vici kid or patent colt K LACE CURTAINS.— ?2.5O, ?2.75 and up to ?«.5O a pair. Heavy corded Arabian curtains m and i a 7e e S " ze o f" ",4c
skin; medium or heavy extension the newest and choicest designs. Made of the best imported nets. Excellent values. lOc-Initial" handkerchiefs- u
soles, Goodyear welt and the lat- $].;{!) a pair— Broken line of Nottingham lace curtains, 3V2 yards long and full width. All styles. and l Jnch hem . , a siz( .. xtra
esf style toes. .Keduced trom Only a few pairs of , each kind These curtains are worth $2.50 and $300 a pair. soft fi n j s h ; nearly every initial; 20c
'^i;.io_Boy S ' .school shoes; : Extra Special s. . . va i u »; /c _ P T- h 'r h
S3t j n i "^ J^V.f R^to S t°,t C ' S CRASH "TOWELING, 4c a .yard-Heavy MUSLIN, bleached; one yard wide. 6c a yard. sti tcl,ed handLrchTefs. oX 70^
and low heels, sizes bVfe to 13/2.- shrunk Russia toweling. BLANKETS, $5.50 a pair— Regular $7.50. values. SOX— lOc a pair— Fancv sox-
*i eX 't- v V fi c' C ' i,~*w coh^i NAPKINS, OSc a dozen— Damask dinner napkins. BLANKETS, a pair— 10-4 white California seamless, double heels ami toes:
*l..*o— \ouths hea\>^ school PILLOW CASES, 7c each— Good wearing; size blankets. ' dots, stripes, figured and solid col-
¦^M^JSg^fjJig^ 1^ by 36. PILLOWS, 75c each-Good 3% lb. feather pil- ors, also some lace effects; all
soles, solid lea her countermand in- fi £ D SHEETS, 40c each-Heavy double size , i ow . ' . \ • •• sizes and colors are fast. Not a
S« : ,u Z tft<i ThU«% shoe that sheets - ' * - ' WHITE GOOPS— 15c a yard-50 pieces of this pair in the lot is worth less than
HI HvV satisfaction TABLE DAMASK, 29c a yard— Heavy - home- season's- newest -white goods; heavy satin damask ef- 15c a pair and some are regular 25c
* « r »^;n ¦Wrtmon'c -n-^IVJnrr Knnfc- spun damask. ' . ¦ fects, also pretty, neat embroidered dots and Mate- values.
Vivfu ,71 oatS?t?ns mat^Sni and HUCK TOWELS, 10c each— Hemmed, large size lasse designs. Also a few pieces of 32-inch Mummie N ECK W E A R— 12^c_Silk
m Siv S SSn S tow els. cloth with satin strjpes. These goods are worth 25c. neckwear; bands, bows, four-in-
rnodvMr welt Reeular- ?ivt; BATH,.. T.OWELS^Sc^ each-Extra size, dou- 30c and 35c a yard;, hands. Tecks, batwings and
vSne Keguiar . »aoo b i e threa ded.' > ' . ORGANDIE— 25c a. yard— French white dress or- shields: all up-to-date shapes; sold
aoflO a f,,liHri.s«;sTinf for wn HONEYCOMB SPREADS, SOc each— Double Bed gandie: fine sheer quality, 2 yards wide. regularly at 23c.
j: "Zt f J:S wfth nlaiS toet size. . ' .<• TENNIS FLANNEL— 7c a yard-Tennis flannel in SHIRTS-40c-Co:ored shirts
FriJwL aid far!- liiht fi>x MARSEILLES SPREADS, $1.75 each— Raised any desirable pattern; pink, blue, gray, etc. Nothing with stiff bosoms: open front and
Ihil c rt i« heavy designs. * / nicer for night dresses, skirts, etc. back: non-chafing neck band; come
*»Oc a "" nair— Men's rubbers- COMFORTERS, 75c each— White cotton filled, WOO.L WAISTINGS— «0c a yard— Several lines in neat figures and stripes: guar-
c ;^ c - k ;-,«)? " OnV' •, few n«i« COMFORTERS, ?1.5O each— Sateen covered, . of the newest of waistings; some of the colors are sold anteed perfect fitting; sizes 14% to
left Reduced 'from % *""¦»*"* quilted, , out. All worth soc and 60c a yard. 17. .
Continues-the Biggest Reductions Ever Made Clothing for Boys, Clothing for Men.
f%T* Wnmpn'Q WaiStS ai\d WrafcfcerS \A/ E afe . offerin^ some of , th f fin " A SPECIAL line of overcoats and
On WOmen S OmiS,OKHTS, ?? aiSIS aU^l YY r«tppCI & yy est .winter garments at lower J^ pantg haye been received
THE low prices 'marked on all the garments in our cloak and suit depart- seasonV Lwest^sTvle 7i!d showing materials now being
ment have started the entire shopping public talking.. Last week there SS^^^e ¦ newest materiafs W ?f" 1 ? the E , aSt ', ™ eSe f nnOt , be e K X "
was ah unexpectedly large number of calls for garments. Many of the lines There is a S seleSn and even : cdIed quahty'and workmanship by
were broken and some of the sizes exhausted, and if the buying continues as heavily ,^ sh ' n be <fie J ' any other San Francisco store, and
. as it has the last few days the stock cannot last very long. Therefore it will be SUITS - A-50 - Long pants suits in *£ have made the P nces as low as P 05 "
very wise for those who contemplate securing new garments to visit the store as nobby patterns: ages' 12 to 19 years. Regular Slbl c. - ,
early as possible $6.to values. Special" for this week. , OVERCOATS— $7.25 — Good serviceable
SUITS SO.On— About 200 suits in this lot: either long, medium or. short coats with in- *.«U— Long pants suits of pure woolen navy blue kersev overcoat; medium length;
step length or train skirt. They are made of fancy mixtures, cheviots, etc. Reduced from materials, such as are sold at $8.00 and $S.so; we ii ma de and nicely tailored. Regular $10.00
$2000 • ages- 12 to 19 years. value.
$14.95— These are among the handsomest suits shown • $8.75— Long $0.85 — Rich shade of Oxford in a long,
this season: they are made in every style and of the newest pants suits of loo = e cnt garment, 50 inches long; cuffs on
mannish mixtures as well as cheviots and broadcloths. Worth . JE| l|| *) pure w o ol e n sleeve ? and has slashed pockets; good linings
SKIRTS — $2.05— Walking skirts made of fancy mix- |JP^«^W' '^^ t£jm 'Wr^'t&^f cheviots^'simSe 91LOO— Black kersey or a good Oxford
tures in gray, green, blue. and brown. Regular $5.00 skirts. Kg M V® £\]M ffl m Wbr ffi &^ I or j b , cheviot; all tailored in first-class style; best of
$:?.0."»— Made of beautiful mixtures; seven gore flare and .J§&* M ES M » H ffl / H 1 . . bmngs and trimmmes. Regular $15.00 coat,
strapped seams. Regular $7.25 value. '/W^ 8 * *W *&- Ls%^ breasted. aces j^i^.SO — Cravanette rainproof overcoat
WRAPPERS — !).'c each— Fine flannelette wrappers: \ Bl . , W L -rt l ° l ° y€ZT "- in two shades of Oxford and a rich tan shade:
about dozen in tfic Int. Reduced from $1.50 and $1.75- V f|P / —^ fheS , e re ur perfect fitting. Others at $13.00, .«?17.r»O
WAISTS — 7J>e— Fine black sateen waists: beautffullv |g A"LTVAYS RELIABLE regular $10, $11 and $2O.OO.
made and perfect fitting. Worth $1.25. M n ,«r%—.^. and $I2 5UUS " PANTS— J?1.45_ Several patterns in neat
All our fine wool waists have been reduced to less than f^ l^OO* 1250 lVTA'R'K'P'T AT Special for the stripe worsteds: all sewed with the best linen
one-half former prices for quick clearing/ '' ->^^va'A^xvxu^ a i^y J.»JOKESfl wee k. thread and warranted not to rip. Worth $2.OO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, ¦ * is, her nature to love
. . fl^ ; ;*¦ -•- beautifol and
pure. The critical ordeal through Ayhich the expectant mother must
pass, however, 'is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger. ¦
that the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror.
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life- to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. This
great ; and
of women through '. -
the trying crisis withput suffering, ffi*" mmm\ _nU^
S<>nd for fr?e \10\i contminlng leformation ifflCT £»**M^JclJbS fws& »Sf
of piteeless v»lae to all expectant inoLher3. fSf £^ CfTstg hM tS w!\jfm
The Bradfield Ronulator Co., Atlanta, Ga. mi^ m mi
GRAPE-NUTS.
GIVES "GO."
Food That Carrie* One Alone
It*6 nice to know of food that not only
tastes delicious, but that puts the snap
and po Into one and supplies staying
power for the day.
A woman pays: "I have taken enough
medicine in my time to furnish a drug
store, but in later and wiser years I
hav*> taken none, but have depended,
for the health I now enjoy, on suitable
and sustaining food, of which I keep on
hand a tested variety, plain bnt nour-
"Of thppc my main dependence is
Grapo-Nuts. especially if I have before
me a- day of unusual effort either men-
tal or physical. In this case I fortify
-myself the first thinp in the morning-
with about four teaspoonruls of Grape-
Nuts moistened with cream arid not
much else for breakfast, »nd ' the
¦amount of work I can then carry
through Euccessfully without fatigue
or exhaustion is a wonder i » those
about roe and even to myself.
"Grape-Xuts food is certainly a won-
derful etrengthener and is not a stimu-
lant, for there is no reaction afterward,
but it is Fustainlng and frtrengthening,
•as I have proved by long experience."
Name given by Postum Co.; Battle
Crer':, Mich.
There's a reason four teaspoonfuls of
Grape-Nuts and cream will add more
strength and carry one .further than a
plateful of coarse heavy fr»»i that is
nearly all waste. Grape-Nuts food is
condensed, pre-digested and delicious.
It contains the parts of the wheat and
barley grains that supply the rebuild-
ing parts f »r brain and nerve centers.
I/or- in each package for a - - opy of
the famous little book, 'The Road to
WeUville."¦ The promoters of the race track at Los "Angeles fear
that their venture will fail miserably unless the.authori
ties'permit them to sell intoxicating beverages within
the inclosure/where races 'are lost and won. It is noth
ing new -to' the ; public to be informed that anybody , who
goes against this game needs strong drink to support
him. ; ( '
The Westminster Gazette says that
for the inhabitants of the island of
Tristan da Cunha the Bible Society
has made a, free grant of fifty. Bibles
and Testaments^ which are being sent
out," by request,' to "Peter Green, the
chiet man of the island." This island,
which' is the loneliest. and least know:,
fragment of our empire, lies in the
Atlantic Ocean, midway between the
Cape and "South America. "The pop
ulation, 'which ; numbers about sixty,
Bibles io the Needy.
Special information supplfed dally to
bu?in«»« houses and -public men by the
Frcus Clipping Bureau (Allen's>. 230 Cali
fornia itreet. Telephone Main 1042.' r #
. The doctors in the Dunsmuir case, now moving its spir
ited way in the courts at Victoria, have decided to disagree
upon what properly constitutes a case of alcoholism. It
would seem, because of the value of. the stakes at issue,
that the learned men of pills and pellets might have
thought of importing one of our 'unmistakable speci
mens collected after the celebration of the coming of
the new year.
SALUTING "WARSHIPS— Subscriber.
City. The origin of forts or warship*
in a harbor saluting a foreign war ves
sel on entering the port is traced back
tc» very ancient times. The discharge
of guns was to show the approaching
strangers that those in charge of the
fortifications or war vessel3 had such
faith in their visitor's peaceful mission
and intentions that they did not think
It necessary to keep the guns loaded.
The Fatal Finger Mark.
Gl.oves will soon become an indispen
sable part of every burglar's outfit. The
other day Mr. Denman of the London
courts sentenced a man to twelve
months' hard labor on the sole. evidence
of the impressions of the middle finger
of his left hand. This method of identi
fying a prisoner, far more certain than
photography, was in usa we believe in
China years before Its adoption in any
European country, and in conjunction
with the Bertillon system has been used
in France successfully for a decade or
so. It is a strange thing that nature
should have so provided every man
with a witness against himself — a wit
ness which he cannot be rid of. Dis
guise can alter the face until a photo
graph, however careful, is useless for
identification, and even the elaborate
Bertiilon system can be upset by the
deliberate Infliction of some new mark
on the body. But If a criminal mutilate
the end of : his finger such mutilation
alone would suffice to make him sus
pected. ' In attempting to avoid its evi
dence he practically confirms his guilt.
—London Pall' Mall Gazette. •
The Supreme Court of Ohio has strucjc high water
mark in the flood of American legal absurdities. Sim
ply because a jury, listened to the confession of a fiend
who boasted that he had murdered five people a new
trial has been granted. The astounding reason is given
that the jury must have been prejudiced against the de
fendant by the recital. One may say with as much jus
tice that the thoroughness /with which the prosecution
presents its case creates inevitable and illegal bias
against an accused.
VOTING— A Subscriber. Richmond,
Cal. In a number of the States of th«
Union aliens who have declare J their
intention to become citizens are allowed
to vote at all elections, provided they
have been residents for a fixed period
varying from six months to a year. In
those States the alien who has declared
his intention can vote for Presidential
electors. :r .;.. "
Answers to Queries.
QUOTATION— Reader, City. Th«
quotation, " 'Tls with o_r Judgment
as our watches; none go Just alike, yet
each believes hta own." is from Pope
on "Criticism," line nine.
W omen as 'Lawyers'.
To-day women are admitted to the
bar on^equal terms with men in thirty
four States of the Union. That woman
is intellectually as capable of studying
law as man is the belief of Clarence D.
Ashley,- dean of the New York Univer
sity Law School, who contributes an In
teresting article on the subject to Har
per's Weekly for January 2. Professor
Ashley sees nothing to deplore in the
tendency 'of women to enter the law.
"They lose thereby , neither charm nor
any true womanly character; no study
ing or' training can change a genuine
woman to anything else— she will be
after, as she was before, the same gen
uine woman. As far as education is
concerned woman is in the law to stay,
and the worl'd will be the better for
it." New York Uni\oersity. has a regu
lar law course for women, and has
graduated some sixty-eight with the
degree of bachelor of laws. The work
of these .women in the law school is
said to be generally excellent, and in
some cases brilliant.
0W r IXG to the number of extraordinary events
that have occurred to distract attention from
the progress of politics in Great Britain, com
paratively little heed has been given of late in this coun
try to the contest going on over Chamberlain's proposal
to safeguard British industries- by the establishment of
a protective tariff. In Great Britain itself, however,
there has been no diminution of interest in the cam
paign. The. main issues involved have long since been
threshed out by the papers and the political leaders, but
still the eagerness of the people for further information
is such that every new speech on the subject draws*
large crowds, and the daily journals continue to give a
great amount of space to speeches, to letters and to edi
torial comment on every varying phase of the campaign.
A recent issue of the London Globe in noting the
rousing reception given to Chamberlain on his recent
address at Leeds says: >¦ "'"'. Vs / '':!l :% T-.
. "The city, like Yorkshire at large, has in its popula
tion a solid body of hard-fighting Radicals, hitherto
steeped to the lips in Cobdenism of the most 'con
vinced' character. It is a remarkable and significant
change, therefore, that the citizens af ,this great and
busy town should have accorded to the champion.of-fis
cal reform, not only a closely attentive hearing, but a
welcome which, for heartiness, .could not be surpassed.
The audience's' cannot have been attracted by the ex
pectation of hearing some* new thing.. *. * * It is
a growing conviction among all classes that he is in the
right that chiefly draws together' these enormous meet
ings." " ;-. \
It must not be supposed the campaign is one sided.
The free traders, or "Free Fooders" as they prefer to
call themselves, are making a united and vigorous ef
fort to fasten upon Chamberlain the charge of advocat
ing a tax upon the bread of the poor. In their attempts
to explain away the prosperity that prevails in protective
tariff countries, like the United States and Germany,
they have no hesitation in resorting to the most extraor
dinary statements. Thus Winston Churchill is reported
by the Daily. News as saying:
''"Why, then';- it will be asked, do these clever Ameri
cans, these scientific Germans hold to a system which
is found to be so inferior? It is because once a protec
tionist system takes root in a country it cannot be torn
up except with terrible loss and suffering, and all the
forces of wealth, monopoly and privilege are banded to
gether .to prevent it being torn up jatx-ail. .* * * But
our industries stand on the solid earth. They do not de
pend- on "acts of. ParliameJit, or the caprice of powerful
politicians, or the appetites of great millionaires, but on
the resources of our island and the skill and intelligence
of its' people. And ; the people* of America and Germany
—the poor people I mean — know that: they are being
cheated and bled on every article they buy for.thcun
natural^and .illicit profits of a few rich' manufacturers
and speculators.". • ,' j
Thatis a very, finepicce.of rant, but it would .not. take
Chamberlain very long to expose the absurdity of it,
since, the conditions 'of ¦ workingmen \ who are -alleged to
be '."robbed" 'in, America by the protective tariff ; are far
superior ,to "those; of the' workmen in Great' Britain, who
under a regime of Jree trade- and so-called "free food"
get very little .u;6r]Nand_ very little; food. The .Daily
Mail has, been running.Aseries, of articles under- the. title
"Willing .-but- Worklessj V givingMactsYand figuresVshow
in£, how large apercchtage of the -working" ; classes of -the
CHAMBERLAIN'S CAMPAIGN.
The world is now watching the astounding spectacle
of a German nnd'a French warship hovering ominously
on the coast of Hayti, to terrorize that republic into
modifying the sentence imposed upon rascally bankers
caught in gigantic dishonesty and properly punished.
This conduct of Germany and France may be consid
ered by diplomats as within the legitimate province of
nations, but to a layman it looks like a cross between
piracy and the bluff of a highwayman.
Young America.
A few days ago twelve boys, rang
ing in age from S to 15 years, occupied
the chairs in the jury box in Judge
Murasky's courtroom during the ses
sion- of the Juvenile Court. There
were traces of tears upon the cheeks
of elaven of them and the head of
each and every one , of the eleven
drooped in shame. But the twelfth,
a ragged urchin about 10 years of age,
sat bolt upright in his -chair. Not a
tear bedimmed his eyes and the looks
he gave the Jydge and the spectators
contained no trace of tears or shame.
He watched his eleven companions go
up to' the Judge as they were called,
and when each of them burst into
tears at the first question asked by the
Judge, he snickered aloud and cast at
them a scornful look.
AC last his turn came. When the
clerk called the name of Mickey r>u
gan he 'arose and with no sign of
haste <¦ swaggered up to the Judge.
Every one smiled and even the Judge
had to hide his mouth behind his
hand.
Boldly the little street arab stared
at the Judge and there was scorn in
the glance he gave the two big officers
who stepped forward to tell the court
what the boy had done.
"Mickey." said the Judge, "what
were you arrested for?"
Mickey pointed a dirty forefinger at
the larger of the two officers and grin
ning said: "I punched him in der jaw."
SENATOR PLATT of New York took occasion at
the recent banquet of his. Congressional colleagues
to point out that the prospects of the coming Pres
idential campaign are highly favorable to the Repub
lican party, but at the same time to give warning that
the very brightness of the outlook might prove a source
of danger by engendering among Republicans a sense of
security that would lead them to fall short of the efforts
required in the campaign to make success certain.
'Among the portents of the time, said the Senator, are
signs that the Democratic party is becoming "sane and
dangerous." The signs~ are well known to the public
and # have been frequently commented on. It seems
clear the party will have just about enough sanity this
year to nominate a candidate of known conservatism
whose personality will be attractive to a good many of
that large class of people who are. more or less indiffer
ent to political principles and are fond of voting for a
change whenever they think they can do so without dan
ger to the country. If such a nomination be made the
party will undoubtedly be dangerous, and it is, none too
early to warn the public of the consequences that would
follow. f
, Another dangerous element of the situation is one
which the Senator has learned to recognize by reason of
his long experience in politics. It is a danger whose
statement involves something of a paradox. * Senator
Platt put it thus: . .
: "The Government, under President Roosevelt, has
been strong and wise: but it often happens in politics
that a political party .whicTi has had a long lease of power
is never so much in danger as when nobody has any
thing in particular to complain of, for it is then that
many people vote not with regard to great political prin
ciples, but with regard to trivial events."
Under such circumstances ' it becomes important to
remind the public of the often proved incapacity of the
Democratic party- to govern well, or even effectively,
whether well or ill. Supposing a strong candidate were
nominated by the party and through some aberration of
the popular mind were elected, he could do nothing in
office without the support of his party, and his party is
strongly tainted with a radicalism that tends to social
disturbance as well as to wildcat finance. No soonef
would the supposed conservative Democrat take office
than the radical Bryanites would be raging about him
demanding recognition, place and power. The result
would be cither a surrender of conservatism to the radi
cal wing. or "else a self-stultified administration like that
of the second term of Grover Cleveland, when the Presi
dent was denouncing the tariff of his party as a measure
of "perfidy and dishonor" and the party was denouncing
the financial policy of the President as a betrayal of the
people and a 'surrender to Wall street. ' ;*. ; •
This country has had ample experience with .. tariff
smashers and currency - debasers, and no intelligent
patriot can have any desire for further experiments of
that kind. For that reason it is timely to remind the
curious ones who would like to see a change of what tbe
nature of that change would surely be. Or, as Senator
Platt put it, "We, must through the, coming campaign
keep constantly before the people the often proved in
capacity of the Democratic j)arty to conduct public af
fairs and the; menace to business which proceeds -from
its very constitution."
A WARNING FROM PLATT.
Jeannette ha« found another fad— J
She's jrtined the literary crew!
More evanescent dreams she's had
Than any j?lrl you ever knew.
But whatsoe'er she plans to do.
No contradiction will she brook;
And she assures me It Is true
That she's resolved to write a book!
Society and I are sad —
She scorns our favors, and In lieu
Thereof, she takes her scrlbblinr-pad.
The path of glory to pursue;
Though from her head «he cannot
screw
A plot, by any hook or crook. *- '
Her pencil she delights to chew—
For she's resolved to write a book.
In ink-splashed cambric, now, she's oladj
Her hair is plaited In a queue;
Strictly sub rosa. I may add
Her stockings are Bostonlan bfue;
The shops, the play,, the "private
view"
Now win from her no passing look.
Nor will she listen when I ¦woo.
For she's resolved to write a dook.
Girls, here's a splendid chance for yon
To take the place Jeannette forsook;
I'm looking for a sweetheart who
Has not resolved to write a book!
— Smart Set.
Remarkable Promotion.
Sir John Harrington, who has Jtat
been advanced to the rank of Minister
Plenipotentiary, enjoys the distinction
of being the only British envoy who
has literally risen from the ranks, hav
ing enlisted in 1S84, at ths age of 20,
as a private in an infantry regiment.
At the age of 24, after successively
holding the grades of corporal and ser
geant, he received a commission as sec
ond lieutenant of the Middlesex Regi
ment, and fifteen months later hs was
transferred to that picked body, the
Indian Staff Corps. Before long he vol
unteered for service as vice consul
at Zailah. a pestilential place, which is
one of the seaports of Abyssinia, tha
post In question being avoided as much
as possible by the other members of/th9
Indian Staff Corps by reason o£ its
loneliness and unhealthfulness. ¦ So
good was the use which Harrington
made of his opportunities that hs was
able to render invaluable assistance to
the special mission of Sir Rennell Rodd
to Emperor Menelik in 1897, striking
up a great friendship with Lord Ed
ward Cecil, the soldier son of the lats
Lord Salisbury, and who formed part
of Sir Rennell's staff. The result was
that when the British Government re
solved to establish a permanent lega
tion in Abyssinia, where British | In- *
terests are exceedingly important, both
Sir Rennell and Lord Ed ward warmly
recommended Lieutenant Harrington to
Lord Salisbury for the post. He has
since received military promotion to
the rank of colonel, and the influeno*
which he has been able to acquire over
the dusky potentate to whom he is ac
credited is so remarkable that it has
completely relegated into the back
ground that it Russia and of Franc*/
which formerly predominated.
'A Ballade of Jeanette, \
President Roosevelt's message, defending the con
duct of the* United States in everything that has led to
the creation and protection of the republic of - Panama,
ought to make interesting reading at Bogota. It is the
turn now -of the warriors — not the statesmen — of Colom-
bia to know what is in prospect for them if they seek to
disturb conditions which came into being solely upon
the responsibility of theijr fellows.
Ccngo Slave Traders.
ny TTTLMAM STAMPS CHFKRT.
(A.'rlc«.n Traveler. Explorer and Bisr Otme
Hunter.)
•""orrrie-ht, 1304, by Joseph B. Bowl««.)
The backbone of the slave trade in
the Cor.&o has been broken, but it dies
hard. It is estimated th3t before the
Interference of the European powers
SO. 000 natives were taken from the
Congo country annually and sold into
slavery. The most of these we/e de
ported to Egypt, Arabia. Persia and
Turkey; a;id so very cheap was hu
man life that i 00.000 more were killed
in the raids or dird on the way to the
coast. Think of it. over a thousand
human beings killed or taken into cap
tivity every day! But. although the
az-ea of the slave trade has been re
stricted, the Arabs still carry on their
nefarious business. Their former
¦.method of operation was to employ
emissaries', whom they sent on in ad
vance to the villages. These emis
saries were received as friends and
employed their advantage and repaid
the kindness shown them by forming
plans of attack. Shortly after their
iloparture the villages were invaded,
pillaged and burned, and the natives
who were considered marketable were
carried off as slaves. The Arabs have
now discovered a more excellent way.
They do not engage in the slave raid
ing themselves: they get the chief to
do it for them, and they buy the
Flaves cheaper than when the}' secur
ed them by personally conducted
iaid.«. There are other advantages in
this method besides cheapness. There
is no risk of life, and by keeping free
from war they make fewer enemies.
It is but too evident that in former
times they did thorough work in raid
ins the country north of the Mobangi,
as there are wide districts entirely de
populated.
It lias sometimes been charged that
the Arabs have been severely dealt
with by the Belgians and other Eu
ropean, power?. I do not think so.
They are a bad lot and have been the
scourge of Africa. From first to last
I have had a great deal to do with
thrm. When at Stanley Falls in 1S90
1 had my quarters in a house built
by Tippo Tib, the Arab chief, who had
been placed ns governor of the falls
and region around for the purpose of
repressing the slave trade west of the
falls. When our party arrived there
v.s.5 great excitement. Rashid had
just come in from an expedition east
of the fall?, which was in reality a
Blave raid on a gigantic scale. He had
with him a miscellaneous company of
about a thousand people, S00 of whom
were slaves. They had traveled up
ward of a thousand miles and as they
tame into camp they presented a woe
begone appearance. *
Hunger and forced marches had re
ducd them to the appearance >of
walking skeletons. Smallpox had also
broken out among them. And what a
Eight the camp presented! Anderson
villc must have been a paradise com
pared to it. The nlthir.ess was inde
scribable. Owing to a failure in the
rice and manioca crops the food sup
ply, which, was scant enough before
their arrival, was utterly inadequate
to keep them from starvation. The
deaths from smallpox and hunger
numbered over twenty a day. The
dead remained unburied aiid were
either thrown aside into the bush or
cast into the river. Every few hours
a dead body might be seen floating: by.
Great as was the destitution at the
f;ills at the time of Rashid's arrival,
the event was celebrated by a banquet
upon a scale cf royal magnificence.
The material for the feast had been
carried from Zanzibar on the heads
of men for six weary months.
During the progress of the feast a
curious dish was served up. Several
Arabs entered the banquet hall, ac
companied by slaves carrying sacks
v.hich contained round-shaped objects
which looked as if they might be pine
apples. The newcomers prostrated
themselves on their faces in oriental
fashion, and when commanded to rise
they ordered their slaves to present
their offerings; when opening their
sacks a number of human heads rolled
en the floor. This ghastly course did
not help to whet one's appetite. Trie
evident purpose of this bit of panto
mime was to impress all present with
the sure retribution that would befall
the traitor. The heads were those of
revolters in the Nyangua territory.
Rashid showed himself to be a man
of genius, with administrative gifts
like those of hi3 old Uncle Tippu Tib.
The Arabs under his command, like
Arabs generally, were hospitable peo
ple, reflnedj' in manners and scru
pulously clean in their personal habits.
They look cool and comfortable" in
their loose, flowing robes of immacu
late whiteness. How they manage to
k*ep th^m so clean is a marvel. A
true Arab is a strange contradiction.
He nill not stoop to do a mean thing;
his daves do that for him. "
Excrpt in remote districts bordering
on th^ desert Arab slave raiding is a
thing «jf the past, but the Arab slave
trading flourishes in Congo "Francaise.
After a war between two tribes the
Arabs are soon upon the scene barter
ing for ihr» captives. I have Been hun
dreds of slaves taken from Bangas&ou,
Itcfai and Iseniio fastened together with
eharkles, bent so us to form an inprc
nibus^DUZzle. It was impossible, for the
captives 1-j tak* them off. The. slaves
vert* chained two and two. ko that the
'outer fe<t were free. Very few of them
were men The Arabs prefer women
and children, the fom:*r when good
consists of shipwrecked sailors with ,
their wives and families, who hays
now made the Island their permanent
home. One of his Majesty's ships pays
an annual visit to the island. Now.
what a blessing: those fifty Bibles will
prove to be to sixty marooned sailor
men!
THAT the appointments of the Mayor will be sub
ject to many adverse criticisms is to be expected.
No one will like all of them, perhaps even the
Mayor himself does not do that; some people will not
like any of them.- Dislikes~of that kind go without say
ing, lor such is the (nature of man. Taking the commu
nity as a whole, however, the appointments' will be
judged in the light of practical politics, and the Mayor
will have no reason to be dissatisfied .with the tone of
public sentiment with regard to them. _
The desire of the people at this time is for a good
municipal government conducted along lines which will
be sufficiently beneficial and progressive to assure a feel
ing of harmony among a^ll classes of the population.
We have been riding the crest of a high wave of pros
perity, and we cannot reasonably expect to continue in
definitely in that fortunate condition. Already in the
Eastern States there are signs of a comiHg depression
in trade and in industry,, and eventually we shall feel the
effects of' what happens there. It would be a very bad
thing for us if the ebb of the tide of industrial activity,
that is now threatened, should find us menaced by any
political or social disturbance to aggravate the evil. An
era of such genuinely good local government as will
help to assure and continue industrial peace is what is
needed, and fortunately every move of the Mayor's new
administration thus far has confirmed the hopes of good
citizens that such is^the kind of government he is going
to do his best to give us.
Gloomy as are some of the portents in the East, where
stocks are tumbling.- prices falling and wages diminish
ing, there can be no question that California and
San Francisco can safely pass the crisis if only a proper
care be exercised by those who are either officially or
financially the leaders of the people. We are about to
enter upon what is for us an unexampled era of public
improvements. The sums of money to be expended in
that way by the municipality will encourage further en
terprises in the way of improvements by private capital
atjd energy. In addition we have the promise of' good
crops and of a further increase in our Oriental com
merce. Thus we shall have strong forces to assist us in
counteracting whatever movements are now tending to
check our recent prosperous progress.
About all that we need just now is good government
and public harmony, and we have said the Mayor's ap
pointments show a desire on his part to provide them.
Minor criticism upon the wisdom of this or that choice
will not affect the attitude of the communky toward his
administration as a whole. The people wish it well, and
will uphold the Mayor in all his efforts to make it an era
of municipal progress, prosperity and genuine good
feeling.
Murbhxs Secret.
Two bits of wooden slats, to which
was roughly tacked a faded branch
from one of those ornamental ever
greens, formed the Christmas tree.
From a eastaway tomato can the label
had been stripped and slashed
into Irregular pieces/ the bright
red furnishing color. These were
tied to the three with cotton twine,
borrowed or begged from Hugo at the
corner grocery. The can had been
laboriously cut into bits and the shiny
tin stuck on to the meager foliage. - A
couple of pieces of ordinary tallow
candles, also drawn from Hugo, served
as finishing touches of decoration.
A pair of red apples, a scaly orange
and a gaudy bandana handkerchief
loomed amid the>slckly light, symbolic
of "Peace on earth, good will toward
men."
Policeman Murphy peeked through
a crack ; in the window of a Bouthside
basement tenement and what he saw
has been described, except for three
mites of raggedy urchins, who were
gleefully romping about that homely
altar. The tears came to the rugged
patrolman's eyes. Softly he stole
aAvay. Down to Hugo's he went. An
hour later the rosy-cheeked German
was knocking at the tenement door.
A pale faced, thin woman responded.
"I'm sorry." she said, "but Tom's
been sick and out of work this three
months. We'll pay you as soon as we
can. We're honest, you know; only
we are awful hard up just now."
"Pay? I don'd vant p"ay. Here's a
Christmas box for you," replied the
grocer's boy.
Indeed it was a box, for Murphy had
ordered a store of things that had
long been absent from that cupboard.
There was a Christmas indeed that
night in the humble tenement. But
they never knew whence it came. And
for Murphy, why he will go down un
sung, for Murphy isn't his name, and
he has flatly refused to let it be made
public.
looking supplying harems of the
Waddai— and. like the Sabine women
whom the Romans took captive, they
tjecom** the mothers of a race superior
to their own.
On the upper Mobangi slaves are
cheap. 1 knew a. Frenchman who had
bought a woman for S2 sous, and was
proud of his bargain. Another had
added to his harem a new wife for
whom h«-tiad given on old muzzle
loading gun. The regular price for a
good slave is from 10 to 100 gingaw.
When bought with beads a few hand
fu!s are given— possibly 5 or G francs'
worth. A gun will buy five slaves in
the Banda region, and if they are small
more. When slaves are plentiful a
good article can be bought for 200 gun
caps, and can in turn be traded off for
ivory. Nothing is cheaper in the north
western Congo than human flesh.
In the village of Moinga. a Veadire
chief who had made friends with the
Arabs, I was surprised to run into an
Arab settlement of about 1000 souls.
Some of these Arabs were passable
looking, but most of them were a scaly
lot, and some of them were among the
most villainous looking specimens of
Arab humanity I had ever seen. Had
I known of this cobra's den 1 would
have given It a wide berth.' I was any
thing but comfortable, knowing that
my throat might be cut at any moment
if they only had the courage to do it. I
found a few hundred native women
and children in their camp. They had
been selected with good taste; the boys
and girls were bright and intelligent
looking, and the women young and well
formed. They did not treat them badly,
any more than a man treats an animal
badly that he wishes to keep in good
condition and sell at a large price. They
wore no shackles, but had heavy ank
lets thai impeded their locomotion and
kept them from running away. The
Arabs swarmed around me like bees,
examining my firearms. I indulged in
a little target practice to show them
the use I could make of them. I told
the Sultan that he had better warn
his people not to come to my camp
after nightfall, as it was my habit to
shoot without asking questions. I never
permitted any one near after dark. I
loaded my guns and kept watch while
my men slept the sleep of the just. It
wa« a long night, and I was glad when
the moon came up so that I could see
the Eights of my gun. In the morning
I was again besieged by my Arab
friends, but I took good care not to al
low any of them to get behind my
back. I never realized before what a
convenient thing for concealing a knife
these big flowing robes are. After con
siderable parleying I was thankful to
get away with a whole skin, and I did
not feel easy until I had reached- the
village of Madda, where the people hate
the Arabs and had given evidence of
their hatred by massacreing four of
them the night before.
On my way back from the Kotta I
met a caravan of Arabs. They had a
number of native women whom they
had bought at the rate of one tusk
for two young girls of marriageable
age. And as one gun of the old muz
zle loading musket order sold among
the Veadires for three or four tusks
of ivory, this made some six or eight
women for 15 francs, the value of a
gun here, a cheap enough bargain sure
ly! A poorly blooded pup at home
would cost more than an African
maiden.
at Sangaly an Arab wanted
to sell me his greegree. or sacred
charm, which consisted of a portion of
the Koran and a prayer, sown up in
leather and fastened to a belt. It was
too biz to wear around the neck, be
ing about the size of a pocket Bible
I toM him the white men did not be
lieve in charms. He swore by all the
holy orophets that this particular gree
gree had saved his life many a time,
and he stoutly maintained that no rifle
ball could hurt him while he had it on.
I told him to stand back a hundred
paces and let me test it. and if it with
stood my rifle ball I would give him
what he might ask for it. He declined
the test. He, however, agreed to hang
it on a tree and allow me to shoot at
It, for he said that the ball could not
touch it. but would fall harmless to
the ground. After praying to the Allah
he hung it up, and I shot it to pieces
with my bis gun. The Arab was fu
rious, hut the natives yelled in deri
sion. They had often been duped by
the Arabs, who had worked off many
greegrees upon them for their big ivory.
But while I am at it I want to chron
icle my opinion that the effects of slave
raiding, terrible as they are, have often
been greatly exaggerated. If any one
was to pass over a district recently vis
ited by the slave raiders, as I have
often done, he would exclaim: "How
great the havoc; how cornplete the des
olation!" But things are not quite so
bad as they seem. On the first alarm
they, in all probability, hid their ivory
and fled into the bush, where you could
find them just as easily as you could
find the proverbial needle in the hay
stack. Some, of course, were captured
in the act of flight, but the majority
got away. Looking at their desolate
and smoldering villages, you might
conclude that they had been wiped out
of existence. The fact that not a single
native was in sight might confirm this
impression, but your conclusion would
be utterly false. They had merely scat
tered., to recombine and come back
again to their old haunts when things
settled down or to move to a new place.
The expedition of Commandant SIo
rain. raided and burned two villages
of 10.000 people, and, although some of
the villages were taken by surprise, not
more than eight or ten natives were
killed, and when I returned up the
I river some months after all the villages
were rebuilt on the same sites.
Slavery as It exists among the na-.
tlves themselves will be a hard thing
to stamp out- It is part and parcel of
tbe social order. One thing which ren
ders the slave problem perplexing is
the difficulty, if not the impossibility,
of an escaped slave returning to his
tribe. Every native has peculiar tribal
marks: he is also in possession of the
legends of his people, so. that if he at
tempts to pass through strange tribes
he is H^sely examined, and if he can
not stand the tests- applied to him he
is retained, as a slave, and. more than
likely he is fatted for a feast at the
next full moon.' A" distinction muet.be
made between -slavery as -'it exists
among the natives ¦ themselves and
slavery under the Arabs. 1
country are even now seeking for employment without
being able to find it.
Some of the statistics that have been brought out to
show the effect of free tradeupon" British industries are
very striking. For example, the silk manufacturing in
dustry of the kingdom was protected down to i860 by
a duty of 15 per cent, but in that year the duty yas re
pealed. Statistics of the Board of Trade show that in
1857, when the industry was protected, Great Britain im
ported 12,000,000 pounds of raw silk and exported manu
factured silk to the value of £2,119.000. After forty
five years of fret trado the industry has been so far de
pressed that the importation of raw. silk amounted in
1902 to less than 1,300,000 pounds and the exports of
manufactured silk were virtually nothing.
Such has been the effect of free trade on'.tha* industry.
Many other examples of the kind are being cited and the
cry is going up "England expects every foreigner to pay
his duty." In,the face of such facts conservative Demo
crats are planning to make a campaign for free trade in
this country this fall. Did ever the Democratic capacity
for blundering go further?
THE MAYOR'S APPOINTMENTS.
SUNDAY :..... JANUARY 10. 1904
Publication Office.; '. ; <Jfj£@£l> ••>' I Third nnd Market Streets, S. F.
_____^ _; . ' i
JOHN D..SPRECKELS, Proprietor .......... Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
THE S AN FRANCISCO CALL
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^Lt, SUNDAY. JANUARY 10, 1904.
The brutal and. unpunished outrage perpetrated by a
negro soldier upon a defenseless woman a few days ago,
while riding.on a street car, has suggested to the au
thorities the- necessity of more police officers in the
neighborhood of the Presidio. It might be wise also to
suggest to the street .car companies the "advisability of
securing conductors courageouY enough and able to pro
tect their patrons from insult and assault.
C: TREES — Old Subscri
ber. The custom of the use of. trees at
Christmas time springs from a period
far anterior to the revelation of Chris
tianity and seems proximately to be
derived from the custom prevalent dur
ing the Saturnalia of tbe inhabitants
of Rome in decorating their temples and
dwellings with green bough's. In Ger
many, away back in' early history, ami
in Holland, it was customary for some
one to appear as Santa Claus or Kris
Kringle about Christmas time and re
ward the good children of the household
with gilt nuts, sweetmeats and other
presents, and if the child for whom a
present wa3 intended, did not respond
the -"?'was hung on the branch ot a
decorated tree. From this sprang th»
modern custom of placing presents^oa
the Christmas tree.
_ Townsend's California glace frult3 and
rand^s. 30c a pound, hi artistic flre
etched boxes A nice present for Eastern
friend3. 41j Market- s>t.. above Call bldg •
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
30Policemen's CoUeze.
There is a policemen's college in
SL Petersburg to train applicants for
the force. There Is a museum com
bined with the school, where the pu
pils make themselves familiar with
the tools of criminals — jimmies, drills,
chisels and contrivances for robbing
collection boxes, a special field of Rus
sian thieves. The Russian passport
system is studied in detail. The du
ties of the dvorniks, a sort of assistant
police, taught. They keep watch
on the report on the hab
its of the tenants, their visitors, ex
amine the papers of new comers and
direct them to report themselves at
the police station.
A national pantheon Is being erected
by the. Mexican Government in the
City of Mexico, the estimated cost be
ing $5,000,000. It ls to be at once a
memorial and a sepulcher for Mexico's
great men,
Special Dispatch to The Call
STOCKTON, Jan. 9.— As guardian ad
litum for her two minor children, Iva
A. and Harvey M. Odell, Mary B. Per
cival to-day *began a suit for $50,000
against the estate of William S. Moss,
incompetent.
The suit Is an echo of the killing of
Dr. Odell, then her husband by her
brother, the present defendant, nearly
sixteen years ago. , After returning
from a hunting trip the two got into an
altercation and Moss shot his brother
in-law to death. He was acquitted on
the ground of self-defense and subse
quently deeded to his sister, r farm
worth about $20,000 In consideration, It
is said, of the Ios3 she. had sustained
through her husband's death. Later
Moss became incompetent and his
guardian sued for the return of the
property, alleging lack of consideration,
and the Supreme Court finally restored
the property to the estate of the In
competent.
Mrs. Percival now sues for $50,000 In
behalf of her children. The Moss fam
ily owns much land and Mrs. Percival
is rated as wealthy.
San Joaquin County,
Begins Legal Action to Ob
tain Thousands for Children
SUIT RECALLS
OLD TRAGEDY
Smokeless powder, machine guns and
quick-firing rifles tend to make the at
tacking of small states by powerful
ones more and more impossible.
The London County Council now
makes $69,000 a year from tramways.
Leeds Corporation secures from a sim
ilar source an income of $21,000.
sylyania subsidiary companies explains
one field for diversion for capital seek
ing investment. It is believed that this
and other new issues of offerings are
attracting capital, which might other
wise find its way into issues currently
traded in and" listed on the Stock Ex
change, the demand for which has
failed to show the stimulation usual
at the period of annual dividend and
interest disbursements. -
The movements of bond prices have
been sluggish and irregular. United-
States twos registered have declined %
per cent on call during the week.
Minister Deprecates Carrying Arms.
Italy's Prime Minister, Slgnor Gjo
litti, has recently had a protest ad
dressed .to him against the practice
of the police and constabulary of car
rying revolvers stropped to their belts
outside their tunics, it being urged
that the sight, of these revolvers was
sufficient to provoke attacks. To this
the Premier replied that no one ever
drew the teeth of a watchdog, and
that as far as keeping the revolvers
out of sight one might just as well
ask soldiers to hide their rifles from
view. So Italian policemen will con
tinue to go s armed as heretofore,
thanks to the common sense of the
present Premner. — Baltimore American.
Count Schouvaloff's Error.
A story is told of Count Shouvaloff, a
former Russian Embassador to Eng
land. He greatly admired English wo
men and was heartily annoyed when
he offended any one of them. While. In
London he learned English, and hav
ing heard one famous -English- beauty
say "Shut up!" to arfother. he imagined
it to be a phrase of polite agreement,
such as, "Say no more." In this sense
he himself addressed it to an illustrious
lady the next night at dinner, to the
lady's consternation, and his own.
when later he discovered his mistake.
l^csc-Majcstc Abroad.
Many people think that "lese
majeste" is confined to Germany, but
this is not the case.* It is a high
crime in the first-class clubs in New
York for a servant to awaken a sleep
ing member on whatever pretext. If
has come to be understood by men
who have lots of money that no busi
ness is> more important than sleep
when one falls into it by natural pro
cesses. It has been observed that the
shock of suddenly awakening a sleeper
and compelling him to concentrate
his mind on business usually operates
to cause extreme j restlessness and
sometimes prevents the victim from
sleeping a^ain until he is exhausted.
Hence the rule. — Correspondence
Ptttsburg Dispatch.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9. — Prices made
small additional advances in to-day's
stock market on a fair volume of
business. Damage to the private wire
service and Interruption of the outW.
Bide quotation aervice by the tickers
had little effect on the volume of busi
ness done in stocks, indicating the
largely professional character of the
trading and the large proportion of
business originating on the floor of
the Stock Exchange itself. The main
influence on the advance in prices was
the more cheerful tone of foreign
markets and a feeling of restrained
hopefulness over a possibly peaceful
outcome to, the Far Eastern negotia
tions. The bank statement also met
expectation in cash items, which
showed an Increase of over $10,000,
000. The continued expansion of the
loan itemJto the extent of $7,421,000
was not received with as much satis
faction and induced some conjecture
as to the source of the borrowing. It
was suggested by some banking au
thorities that the low rate to which
interest in New York has declined has
induced pome reduction of trust com
pany and out of town banking loans
wiiich had to be taken up by the
Clearing House banks. London dis
counts continue to advance, but the
weekly statement of the Imperial
Bank of Germany made a strong show
ing and sterling exchange at that
center advanced. Amalgamated Cop
per continued strong to-day and the
Pacifies, grangers, coalers, trunk lines
and prominent industrials made quite
uniform advan'ces. The closing was
steady, but slightly below the best.
PRICES ARE SLUGGISH.
The opening week of the new year in
the stock market had proved somewhat
disappointing to those who bought
stocks in the last weeks of December
in the hope of an awakened demand for
securities with the turn of the year and
the resultant easing of the money mar
ket. Attempts to take profits by these
previous buyers have proved an . over
weight on the market, and some sharp
declines have resulted. The latter por
tion of the week has seen som'e diminu
tion in selling pressure and sluggish re
coveries. The acute stage reached in
the Far Eastern war situation and the
passing of the United States Steel divi
dend on the common stock and the poor
showing of earnings made by the cor
poration for the December quarter
have been important contributory
causes to the last demand for stocks
and to the disappointment of specu
lators long of stocks to lessen their
holdings. The action of the United
States Steel directors in discontinuing
the dividend on the common stock had
been accurately foreseen in circulars,
but the great decrease in net earnings
for the quarter proved a trying thing
for stockholders, verifying as it did
about the worst intimations circulated
by the bears before the publication.
Current trade reports were not calcu
lated to remove entirely the feeling of
discouragement over the situation, as
they pointed to a continued waiting at
titude on the part of the consumers
and a confidence that they would bp
able to fill their requirements, as they
hoped, on satisfactory terms.
RAILROADS DISCONTENTED.
It is believed that railroads are still
dissatisfied with the price of steel rails
and reports were current that conces
sions were being mad. from 'the offi
cial price. The preferred stock of the
corporation, however, made some re
sistance to pressure on buying attrib
uted to supporting orders by the bank
ing interests associated with the cor
poration. Speculators gave some at
tention to the argument that the de
pression In the price of the stock was
sufficient to discount the unfavorable
conditions in the trade and that better
results were to be expected from eco
nomics by wage reductions. Reports of
discontent on the part of some of the
employes and threats of strikes against
reduced wages partly offset this argu
ment. There were signs also that the
fears of the effect of the hostilities be
tween Japan and Russia had reached a
climax. The influence of t'.iese fears
was conspicuous in all the speculative
markets during the week, both here
and abroad, and the New York stock
market had to absorb large offerings
of American securities for foreign ac
count.
WAR TALK AFFECTS WHEAT.
The action of prices made clear that
war is expected to benefit the market
for our food products, wheat rising
sharply on all war reports, while cotton
ran off as sharply on the belief that
war fti the Far East would affect the
Chinese demand for cotton cloth. From
the financial standpoint there is little
apprehension of any direct effects upon
our markets. Holdings of Russian se
curities In this country are limited in
amount, It is believed, to about $15,000,
000, principally by some of the insur
ance companies for the purpose of com
plying with the Russian laws for doing
business in that country, French hold
ings of Russian Government and indus
trial securities, however, are known to
be very large. There was the proba
bility of the entry upon a war by Rus
sia would develop money requirements
in Paris. . w
As French capital is very heavily
committed to the London financial pa
per markeU large withdrawals of
French capital from London might be
apprehended, which would presum
ably spread to other money markets.
Our money market has relaxed to; a
condition of very pronounced ease,
without resulting in. Investment" de
mand for securities which was hoped
for.
RAILROAD PROJECTS.
Official intimations have been given
that the New York; Central does not
Intend any immediate , financing to
provide for its terminal improvements,
but a Hock Island refunding issue is
officially Intimated for an i early date/
The successful subscription for J10,
000,000 of bonds of one of the Penn-r
Special Dispatch to The Call
ST. LOUIS, J.n. 9.— The/ story was
made public here to-day that the notor
ious House of Delegates combine laid
a careful plot for the removal of Joseph
W. Folk, circuit attorney, at the time
when his investigation of municipal^af
fairs led them to believe all were In
danger. According to the story the
combine passed a resolution to the ef
fect that Folk ought to be got out
of the way and proceeded to draw lots
to determine who should carry out the
task. The member who drew the paper
slip bearing Folk's name" was not to
make known the fact, so that he could
better protect himself.
Harry A. Faulkner, one of the com
bine, was not present at' the drawing,
but heard immediately what had been
done and discovered "*••» name of the
man who drew the fatal. lot. He pro
tested against the proposed crime, but
was laughed at. * Then he turned his
entire attention to following the man
who was charged with putting Folk out
of the way. He kept tip his self-im
posed task until, with threats and ca
jolery and by sheer persistence, he
brought about the abandonment of the
project.
The story became known through the
refusal of Folk to agree to give. another
continuance in the case of Faulkner,
who is sodn to be tried on charges
growing out of the transactions of the
combine.
Former Lieutenant Governor Charles
P. Johnson told Folk what Faulkner
had done, but this did not change the
determination of the circuit attorney
to bring the accused man to an early
trial. Folk said that, of course, he was
grateful to Faulkner, but that he could
not be influenced in his duty as public
servant.
Harry Faulkner was one of the rnem-
Ders indicted for perjury in connection
with the suburban bribery deal. On
his first indictment he was tried, con
victed and sentenced to two years in
the penitentiary. Subsequently the
Supreme Court reversed the decision
and remanded his case for trial again.
At the second trial the Jury disagreed.
Folk tried him a third time and he was
convicted of perjury on October 5, 1903,
and sentenced to three yehrs in the
penitentiary. .
It was in looking for a continuance
for this last trial that Governor John
son disclosed tKe story.
Official's Life Saved by a
Man Whom He Afterward
Sends ,.. to the Penitentiary
Agitation in Food Prices Shows
That Wai- in Orient Will
Have a Beneficial Result
HOLDERS OF STEEL MURMUR
Interesting Gathering of Mem
bers of Artillery Corps Mili
tary Society Held in New York
?
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— Military pomp
has attended the annual dinner of* the
Veteran Corps of Artillery, Veterans'
Military Society of 1812. Incidentally
the ereat victory of Jackson at New
Orleans, eighty-nine years ago, was
duly commemorated.
The toasts, of which there werevsix,
were all inherited from previous ban
quets of the corps. General James
Grant Wilson, who * responded to the
tc/ast "George Washington," which has
been handed down from the dinner of
the corns held on July 4, 1814, told of
a visit to the estate in England of the
Duke of Wellington.
"When I was |mvn in the stately
drawing-room," said the general. "1 no
ticed with some 'surprise that a por
trait of Washington occupied the place
of honor. When I asked the then Duke
how it happened to be 'there, he told
me that the first Duke had placed it
there because he thought Washington
the noblest and purest man of the time.
"I was told, too, by the Duke that
Wellington, when offered the command
of an expedition against, the United
States in the war of 1812, declined it
on the ground that he could not fight
against Washington's countrymen."
Of the 734 original members of the
corps only one is now living — Hiram
Cronk of Sacketts Habor. He is 104
years old.
"VETS" OF 1812 BANQUET
Hopeful View of Japan-Eus
sian Situation Causes Ac
tivity in Foreign Market
Reminiscence in Which -Duke
of Wellington Is Quoted on
His Opinion of the American
Story of a Plan to Assassi
nate the Missouri' Circuit At
torney Is Given Publicity
CONSPIRATORS DRAW LOTS
PEACE RUMOR
IS EFFECTIVE
ENGLISH VIEW
OF WASHINGTON
BOODLERS PLOT
FOLK'S MURDER
THE ;SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10. 1901.
31
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' " " .~ l ~:-
' ' ; ¦ THE'..
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT
Beginning Monday, January 11,
In the Cloak and Suit Department
(Second Floor)
WILL OCCUR A
Genuine Clearance Sale of
Women's Cloaks, Costumes, Suits
and Furs. ||
r
7
LADIES' DRESS SUITS
Three-quarter length Coat, New Skirt, Coat
lined with Silk, fancy leather belt and but-
tons; colors Black and Green, Black and
Blue, Blue and Gray, Flake Zibeline. Reg-
ular price $30.00. "
Special at $15.00
LADIES' DRESS SUITS
New Models, three-quarter length Coat, New
Skirt, Coat lined with Silk, fancy trimmings
and braids: colors Black, Blue, Gray and
fancy mixtures. Heretofore $35.00 and $40.00
Wcial al $22 50
LADIES' WALKING SUITS
Tailor- iWade Model in three-quarter length,
made of high cr3de Panne Cheviot and
Mannish Tweed; equal to best custom make.
Heretofore $40.00 and $45.00.
For this Sale $25,00
WALKING SKIRTS
An exceptional offering; various new Winter
Models in plain and fancy mixed materials.
Regular price $12.50.
Special at $7.50
DRESS SKIRTS
Of best French Voile, Etamine and 'Cloth,
handsomely trimmed, over well fitting Taf-
feta Drop. Regular price $35.00 and $40.00.
Special at $25.00
BROADCLOTH COATS
For Street and Evening Wear
In White, Black and Colors
$35j)0 $45.00 $50.00 $65.00 $75.00
Heretofore $75.00 $90.00 $100.00 $125.00 $150.00
Tims SeasorVs Most Elaborate Models.
IMPORTED PARIS MODELS
Marked Regardless of Cost
Dinner and Evening Gowns. . . . . .$75.00 to $ 150.00
Formerly • . $150.00 to $300.00
RICH FURS
Muff s Stoles, Cravats; Boas, Jackets, Coats
and Fur Lined Wraps and Circulars
At Deduced Prices
CRAVENETTE and SILK RAIN COATS
In Mannish Mixtures, Tans. Oxfords, Blacks,
At Reduced Prices
~ " ¦¦""¦¦"¦"¦¦ |J illM |
IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION. jj
Cor. Sixteenth and Mission Sts. |
5^^ V£ \JMJLfL3 I
/^^^^^\v^ x .SALE a
5000 Yards of Super-Ingrain Carpets at / I
Come Now and Save 73 s
These Rrmnants arc cut from last Fall's Patterns, all ¦
new anJ frcsn, in extensive pattern variety and a'l colon I
effects, both gorgeous and Rjmbcr. You can now buy as I
ycu nevci* bought before. * i|
Bring Your Room Measure I
and we arc *unc to pleas: you. These remnants ars in I
. pieces of from 10 to 20 yards, suitable for floors measuring I
as much as 15x18 feet. • 1
Our Great Carpet Sale
Commencing th e week, in conjunct on with ou- GREAT I
•*ODDS AND ENDS" SALE, is the c -owning event of our long H
«ni glorious career as SAN FRANCISCO'S FORbMOS'l' |
CARPET HOUSE. We will offer you varieties am assort- I
ments to choose from impo-sihe to fin i eltcwh.re, a -d in I
'the most distinctive and exclusive designs. |
AXKHTSTEES — Lovely new pat- VTILTOir VELVETS— A superb 1
terns, standard manufacture, strik- product of characteristic beauty 5
lngly pretty coloring; g«i f\g* and elegance; a lasting wearer; B
regular price $1.25; now regular price $1.25; now q« |
r^^ZoZ^^^rl „ BODYBKUSSEl'slin this rf- 1
and patterns most exquisite- ree- "°,? ned fl . oor covering. our immense R
ular price ,1.50; now. . q .^ e j Sirc^utly^oV^Sci!? 0^ |
"• ijjlaLv ular J1.65 goods; now ** * •2f\ 1
EHtTSSELS — A choice of the •? * •«jU S
• J nan> : J?* tte Z nti ls th * m ? st Perplex- HTOBAIirS— The heaviest made. H
• Ing thing for you in buying this pure wool, close weave and in a va- 9
extra quality floor covering; reg- rfety o f new fall and winter pat- I
ular price SOc; now.... «- terns; regular price 90c; , n 3
/be now 65c I
S.0FE a POHTIERES — Fresh arrivals— the prettiest effects that design- I
ers at the factories can produce — the colors are in delicate harmony to suit f
room surroundings. They come for single or double doors in graceful drap- I
ing effects. We bought such a great quantity we will be sell- £•#% *v<v S
ing them this week only from $8.50 as low'as &£•[){) S
CHINA SIXK— For pillow covers. TAPPETA — Suitable for bed- fl
bedroom curtains and over-drapery; spreads, couches, bedroom draper- B
:<5 inches wide; all colors; rft^ ies. J<S inches wide; many w g\ I
75c regularly; now Dl/C PaUorns. Special. *±i)C I
riG^rr.ED BTTSLAF — The thing fl
DOO2 DIXAPESIES Beautiful for wal1 and box couches, 36 inches m
patterns figured tapestry, put up ~™id*'< pleasing colors. 0
complete on any Fixed door, with or- Special at Ct\}C 1
naments for $19.50. Others charge fc*vw |
$30. We have them also *f»r» f\g\ PBENCH UTOVELTT CTJBTAIHS 5
at 1|3 1111 — One of the prettiest curtains now i
H*** #> * w manufactured. From $12 «t»« r»# *
to $S and now special Jk £ J\L A
ponnr x>e aeabiak cur- f
TAIIIS — Fine quality, our old price POIWT SE LTTX CXTKTAISTS —
$7. DO to $9.50. Sold else- tf/ ng\ "U'hite Rococo — a most exquisite
where for 512. Now iO.DU article . tro ™ W to" tf«/ Qf\
• ¦ ¦ ¦ • 4^0.3 \J
ponrr be cazbo lacu cuo- battehbeso hah3-made
TAXWS CTJRTAI2TS —
$10.50 quality SS.r»O 512.50 quality $10.00
$9.50 quality «7.f»<» $11.00 quality S£8.7."»
$S.O0 quality .SO.HO $9.75 quality SS.OO
J6.50 qurlity S5.00 $8.00 quality. {$5.00
German Axminster Rugs
We have received the first ship-
v ment of Royal German Axminster %:^M^W^^im
Rugs. Exact copies of famous @*0ji^&|S^
Oriental Rugs at MOth J-J^ 75 Wg*Z^^'&M
the price, oize 7x12 teet. SLCJ* m^^^^^^^wi
Installment houses tax you $18.00
for the same rug.
DflXTTIQIC^! HO Cor. Sixteenth and
in I S UOlLll UUei Mission Streets.
. APVZBTISEJlEElJTS.
O To crowded stores we are selling our enormous stock of Ra
I Jackets, Dresses, Stirts, Waists ana Furs I
BE Without regard to price or profit. We are fortunate In our reputation for Ra
H exquisite taste, and these goods that are being sacrificed are all of the Best jfl
H Materials and Hlgh-Grade Work. , En
19 It Is impossible to describe the magnificent quality of these goods P but, H
H HFPF For fo.OO— FINE ALL-WOOL I?J
g IILIVL- JACKETS, all Bilk lined: g|
M • pc O/*k%AET were $15.00. ¦ \A
B AKL OUIVIll For ' Ijt7 Jiti— Best of' AH- * L3
H FIGURES QUARTER COATS, all* fine |I
H For SIO.OO-NKW MILITARY JACKETS, with capes. M
Eg For 915.OO— Lone fitting COVKIVr CORSET COATS *^^^^pV^^^^ MS
El — eleRant style — finest silk llnt-d: were $32.f>0. * '• '8^S2^ <^ KB
El FVr $32.50— Finest of new style MILITARY JACK- : ''^K'^^ fJ
fa ETS, best that can bej made; were $40.00. • tkSS? f S4
M TPFMFAinnilQ For K1O.OO— Well made, well PI
L>I ||\LIVILIHUUVO nn e ,] i good materials; were y??^sffii^^%>w H
H DRESS For SJin.OO— Fine JffiJ^jMEvWi 8S
H BARGAIiMS MADE PRESSES, newest of. M '
I* For $18.OO— COAT DRESSES. In handsome fancy fflffi|BMfflft§
El mlx^d all-wool cloths, finely tailored, coat silk tKMft^W5JWf^ra^3Sff*^H
§1 For ¦jpi.BO— WALKING* SKIRTS, all-wool; were ?5. Ml
f*l For 97.r»(V— DRESS SKIRTS, fine black cloth, lined; JaB^sSjlflSC ffiiflfffl HI
H \a/AIST F ° r 51 - 75 ~ FIXE VESTING /^^^fiit|i^Wft^^«' fjj
H SURPRISES |For J?a.75— Heavy quality If
S3 trimmed, many sha.les. air lined: were 87.50. ' V^mfelJloMMihsF^A Pj
El Fcr 92.no— Best quality VELVETEEN WAISTS, lt\MS?ll't^O ; V5l>3»*Wl Ell
B$ Country orders gu aranteed satisfaction. * C^ffii^^'?^5f*T<3r jj3
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
Trunk anil Salt Case -Special Offer.
Excellent Trunk, durably made, with all
heavy brass trimmings, t'gro extra traye.
double strapped and aa extra value at
, fii.r.'i. We have epedally reduced the
price to !M».O0
X>recc Suit Case of fine sole leather, hand-
«otn« in appearance, well made and
durable, worth much mere, but we offer
Jt for /..$G.OO
A. B. SMITH CO.
Trunks and Traveling Outfits,
128-132 Ellis Street, Above Powell,
Saa Francisco.'; Redwood Circle, Women of Wood-*
craft, has made elaborate arrange
ments ¦ for.*a^ public installation of its
officers in'Eagles* Hall oh the , night of
Tuesday - next. >The /induction of I the
officers t of ' the ' circle will ' be followed
by ! a £ programme. of, entertaining num
bersand dancing. \
Public Installation.
Two Days at Hotel Del Monte.
First-class tickets between San Francisco end
Lo« Angeles, either direction, including stop ana
two days' entertainment at famous liot«l del
Monte, only $22; children. *U 90. Privilege of
SO days' ptopover. , Bathing, boating, fishing,
riding, autcmobiling, golfing. v etc. Scenery
beautiful and grand. ' Ask Southern Pacific
ticket neenV^gSBOBfBtSK/KSEX^^^^,^
PRISONERS' SENTENCED
IN JUDGE DUNNE'S- COURT
Frank Williams Given Four Years for
Robbery and Toney Bonette, the
Same for Burglary. / x
Two . prisoners were ; sentenced by
Judge Dunne yesterday. Frank "Wil
liams, who pleaded guilty to a charge
of robbery, was sentenced to serve
four years ln'Folsom penitentiary. He
and Joseph Thompson and Samuel
Holmes; snatched _ a purse from Mi33
Emily Figuera at .Post and Leaven
worth streets on the night of Septem-
Daniel J. Sullivan, who was released
on parole from San Quentin prison a
few days ago, called upon Chief of Po
lice Wlttman yesterday. He told th©
Chief that his life hereafter would be
above suspicion and that he would
live down his disgrace. He has pro
cured employment and will ent?r upon
hi3 new duties to-morrow. The Chief
gave him some good advice. Sullivan
called upon his old associates in the
Bond and Warrant Clerk's Office and
was warmly greeted.
Wni Lead an Honest life.
Tuttle entered the house soon after
the occurrence in a drunken condition
and was taken into custody, but was
afterward ? released.
Clara Tuttle, wife of Frank "Tuttle,
a painter residing at 909 Folsom
*treet, was probably fatally burned at
her home about 7 o'clock last night.
From accounts furnished by neigh
bors it appears that the couple were
drinking considerably during the .af
ternoon.>\Just before the tragedy the
husband; left the house. While he
away hia wife attempted to start a
fire. In some manner her clothing be
came ignited and soon she was envel
oped in flames.
John Wymanra next door neighbor,
heard the woman's terrified screams,
and rushing into the house, tore off
what few clothes remained on the
unfortunate woman. A '"-still alarm
was sent to Engine Company 6 and the
incipient blaze in the house was soon
extinguished.
Wyman telephoned for the emer
gency ambulance and Mrs. Tuttle was
taken to the hospital. Dr. Millar,
who attended her. found that she had
been badly burned over her entire
body and gave it as his opinion that
the unfortunate victim could live but
a few hours. , ,
The officers of the Young Ladies'
Institute No. 1, who are to serve, for
the current term, were installed in of
fice in public in the headquarters of
the Institute," Loyola Hall, Tenth and
Market streets. They are Mrs. L. M.
Gregg, past president; Josie Readon,
president;. Daisy Kllbride and Lizzie
Reilly, vice presidents; Eva Witworth,
marshal; Margaret Soper, treasurer;
L. G. A. Terry, recording secretary;
Marie Fay, financial secretary; Nellie
Filben and Annie Riordan, sentinels;
Marguerite Grote Hill,-. Annie L. Swee
ney, Martha Coppage,\ Catherine Cal
laghan arid Annie E. Nyhan, P. P.,
trustees. vThe ceremonies were fol
lowed by the presentation of a dia
mond ring to Mrs. Gregg, the retiring
president, as a mark of esteem and
appreciation; after which there was a
programme of entertainment* and a
collation. Those who ' entertained
were Fannie Dowling, Marie Fay, Liz
zie Connor, Ethel Sweeney, I. Doherty,
¦Nellie Williams. Eva Witworth, Fan
ny Douglass, Alice Renwick, Kate
Driscoll, Gertie Lynch, Josie Reardon,
Lizzie Quigley, Sadie Flaherty, Ann<e
E. Nyhan, Kittled WaYren • and Annie
L. Sweeney, the latter giving "The
Dance of the Horribles."
Young Iiadies Installed.
3rrs. Clara Tattle Tries to
Start a Fire in Stove and
Clothing Becomes Ignited
WOMAN'S BURNS
MAY BE FATAL
from the Board of Public Works to
grade the streets in the area men
tioned. T. Henn was elected sergeant
at arms for the ensuing year. A. C.
Campbell reported the improved con
dition of the Oceanside district, of the
great demands for houses to rent and
the number of houses to be erected by
purchasers of lots in the blocks be
tween Forty-seventh and Forty-eighth
avenues, H and I streets, now that the
lowering of the railroad tracks and
the grading of H street was assured.
Toney Bonette, who was convicted
by a Jury on a charge of burglary,
was sentenced to serve four years la
San Quentin. He was cau«ht whila
leaving a vacant house at 895 Jack
son street on October 3. He was car
rying a bundle containing lead pipe
and gas fixtures, which he had stolen.
He had been arrested several times
before for similar offenses, but always
managed to escape conviction. The
police look upon him as one of th«
worst thieves in the city.
ber 26. Holmes was tried and con
victed and Thompson also pleaded
guilty.
Grand Army Ladles
Mrs. Belinda S. Bailey, national
president of the Ludies of the Grand
Army of the Republic, has installed
tS<j following: named as the officers of
Seven Pines Circle of this city for the
current term: Henrietta Howe, pres
ident: Amerlia Buttner. senior vice
president; Harriet C. Finch, junior
vice president; Lena Scholten. treas
urer: Anni" M. Phillips, secretary;
Emily F. Russell, chaplain; Louise F.
Ball, conductress; JIary F. Flaherty,
associate conductress; Sarah Farra
dsy. cr-jard: Agnes W. Thompson, as
sociate guard. After the installation
there were remarks appropriate to the
occasion by the national president rind
by Abbic E. Krebs, national secretary,
and the presentation of a badge to
Martha J. Finch, the retiring presi
dent, and the presentation of tokens
of esteem to Lena Scholten, the treas
urer, and Annie M. Phillips, the secre
tary. The ceremony was witnessed by
a large number of the members and
their friends.
» ? »
Washington's Birthday.
All of the local councils of the
Junior Order of United American Me
chanics and Daughters of Liberty are
making arrangements for a joint ob
servance of the anniversary 'of the
birth of Washington. These associa
tions will celebrate the event by giv
ing a patriotic entertainment in Native
Sons' {Hall. This will* tie followed by a
nroErramrae of dances.
Oscar Heyman reports the sale by
him of a cottage on the east line of
Putnam street, ' # 25 feet north of
Twenty-fifth, for $3750; cottage and
lot 26x101 feet on the south line of
Day street, 76 feet east~of Noe, for
$2950; four lots on Glrard' street, 100
feet north of Harkness, for $000. Two
cottages tt> co3t $5000 will be built by
Oscar Herman on the south line of
Day street niar Noe.
Sol Getz & Son made the following
sales during the past 'week: . -
Lot 25x120. on east line Eleventh avenue, 250
feet north, of Point Lobos, to Fred Wagner;
lot 25x120, on. the west; line , of. Forty -elsrhlh
avenue, ¦. 137 -• feet couth of U street, ¦ to . Hugh
Carlson for $550; lot 25xlC0.cn: tho northwest
line of Moscow street. 100 feet nouthwest of
Persia avenue. • In the -Excelsior lloesteaC. U
Dennis Madden; lot ¦ 25x100, on the 'southwest
line of Persia' avenue," 50 : feet -southeast of
'Athenb street, t*> John Green; lot 25x100, ok
th» southeast line of . Lisbon street, 125 feet
northeast of Brazil p. venue, to F. L. Smith;
lot - £5x120,' with improvements,' on i the cast
»in« of Eleventh avenue, 225 TfeeUr north of
Point Lobon. ¦ to John Williams, : for $21CO;-lol
ZhxlOO, on the northwest line of .Moncow «treet.
125. feet southwest- of Persia e venue, to -V.-.n.
Sundstrcm: lot. 25x120. on the east line -I of
John H. Spring has bought 4000
acres of overflowed land near Dixon;
Solano County, tor $50,000 and ' also
Joyce Island, near Suisun, for $26,000.
Speck & Co. will remove to 209
Montgomery street, opposite the Mills,
building, on February 15.
A list of properties* for sale,- includ-^
ing all sorts of opportunities for
profitable investment, has been issued
by Hooker & Lent.
For Walter Watscn, CS:0x57:6 and improve
|«ents, <A the eaat line of Jones street. 127:8
south of Bush, lor $12,250: for J. O. and E. A
Hayes, 25x$O feet and improvements, at S5O
Third street; for A. J. Ranken, three lots on
the west side of Sanchez street. 180, 212 and
310 feet north of Fourteenth, 2Cxl25 feet each
fcr 52000 each; for the same, lot 25x9:: feet'
on the north line of Fourteenth street, M> feet
east of Walter, for $2250; for Mrs. Katherlne
Small, 12v> feet and improvements, on the
weat line of Sixth avenue, 83 feet north of
California street, for 5C35O; for Mrs. A L
Clark. 25x100 feet, on \ the south line of
Twenty-fourth street. CO ffeet west of Vermont
for $1100; for Marearet -GranvUIe. 25x80 feet
and Improvements, at 23 and 25 Freelon
street, fcr S2500.
Lot 41:3x120 feet, north line of Golden Gate
avenue, 151 leet west lrom Van Ness, double
house of twenty rooms on Golden Gate avenue
and four fiata on Kim avenue, on account of
Jaine8 . Schwartz, to II. J. Aden, the Vallojo
capital 1st, .S-'XSOO: lot 23xS0 fwt aria three new
flats on" the south line of Waller street, 150
feet west'- from Webster, account of I. Ander
son, to Wallace B. Flumb*«of Folsom. $8170;
lot 23x1 OO feet, west line of *6Ixth avenue,
seventy-live feet south from C street, (Rich
mond District), account of Frank B. Bunker
to John Brouner, J1500.
— SALES ARE RECORDED.
Among the sales that have been put
on record during the last week are
the following: Estate of Celia A:
Smith to St. Luke's Episcopal Church,
34:4^x127:8'^ feet on the south line
of Clay street, 192:7 feet west of Polk,
with improvements, for $8500; estate
of Edward Glassel to Reginald W.
Sanford, 22:11x120 feet on the north
west line of Townsend street, 68:9 feet
from Fourth, for $13,500; estate of
Thomas Magee to John W. Flinn, ifOx
109 feet and improvements on the
northeast corner of Van Xess avenue
and Eddy street, for $26,000; Elida
Hodson to Angie C. Braham, 36:6x
3 32:6 feet on the south line of Sacra
mento street, 270:9 feet west of Oc
tavia, for $15,000.
Guy T. Wayman has sold 100x160
feet on the north line of Howard
street, 100 feet east of Sixth, for Wil
liam Walkinson for $55,000; also for
J. H. T. Walkinson property on the
north line of Frederick street, 35 feet
west of Ashbury, for $15,000.
Sales have been made by the C. M.
Wooster Company as follows:
For Rose Freeman to F. H. Gould. 25x85
feet, and Improvements on the northeast line
of Dore street, 265 feet southeast of Bryant,
for &i230; for J. C. Purcell to Eva B. Perkins,
25x75 and improvements, on the northeast side
of Harriet street. 125 feet southeast of Bryant,
for S220O; for J. G. Ersen to Lucia Price, lot
on the northeast line of Juniper street, 387-0
south of Folsom: for R. P. Christ, lot 35x125
and Improvements, on the went side of Dia
mond stroe/, south of Eighteenth for *ibW
for Elizabeth Durkee tar W. .. . Krueger, lot
40x100. on the west side of Hampshire street
south of Twenty-fifth, for $750. ¦ '
INCLUDES MANY SECTIONS. *
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report the fol
lowing sales:
Bovee, Toy & Co. have sold for T.
Eisenbach to Daniel Roth 25x137:6
feet on the south line of Geary street,
87:8 f<5et east of Taylor, for $36,000,
and also the property on the northeast
corner of Dupont and Bay streets,
183^114 feet, for $21,000. On the first
mentioned piece a four-story and base
ment building will be erected.
The following sales are reported by
Speck & Co.:
Davirvow will expend about $30,000 in
erecting a four-story and basement
building on the northeast corner of
Nor\h Park lane and Third street.
Henry E. Bothin will build a Blx-story
and basement "warehouse on. the north
line of Second Btreet, 248 feet south of
Mission, to cost $25,000.
The following sales are reported by
Baldwin & Howell:
Sophia Gast to H. L. McKnew, lot and Im
provements on the north weet side of Natoma
street, 82 :« feet northeast of Fourth. 33xS0,
and two-Htorv and basement double house of
IS rooms, $$200; southeast corner of Hayes
and Brodtrick streets, 31:3x100. by H. F.
r'ortmann iir.CL ethers to C C. ltivers, $5000;
lot -Iti, l'ark Lane Tract No. 2, Cornelius
Kolff to M. F. Kennedy, for $1500; south aide
of Twenty-fifth street. ISO west of Castro, 'J7x
14-J, and lot on the north side of Clipper street,
13U feet west of Castro, 50x110, Elizabeth G.
Messer to Charles G. Stuhr. $1500: east sld»
cf Twenty-nrs.1 avenue, iu> feet norih of I
street, 28x120, to James H. Stubbe, $900: east
elde of Twenty-first avenue, 2-5 feet north of
1 street. 25x120. to Georce H. Stubbe, $300;
east side of Twenty-first avenue, 175 feet
north of I street/ 25x120, to George F. Stubbe,
$00O; we<t line of Second avenue. 275 feet
north of Clement street, 25x120, George Goep
pert to Robert C. McLean, $1110; east side of
Twenty-nrst avenue, 125 feet south of H
5treet, 25x120, to Thomas Collins, SUM): south
side of H street. 85 feet east of Twenty-flrst
avenue. 65x100, to Sophie V. Culp, $2600; west
line of Tenth avenue, 200 feet south of O
street, 50x120, W. Lyons to S. S. Qillesple,
$700; caat side of Sixth avenue. 35 feet north
of I strett, 76x95, by L. Lipman to J.I. Rosen
thai. $4000; east line of Sixth avenue. 120 feet
Houth of H street. 25x120, S. Crozier to Mrs.
G. F. Burrett, $1&OO: north line of 1 street. 95
feet west of Sixth avenue, 25x110, If. F. Mann
\n Mrs. E. Denicke, $12.'.o; north side of I
street, 5*5 feet east of. Seventh avenue, "5x
110, II. F. Mann to Mrs. B. Denicke, $1250.
In San Hat to l 'ark and vicinity: Lot No. S,
San MatPo Park, to F. E. Baker, $1400: lot
No. 28. San llateo Park, to Frank A; Gam
mer, $1400; lot No. 17. San Mateo Park, to
A. J. Hahn and W. A. Beck. SltSOO; lots 2 and
3. block No. 10. Western Addition to San Ma
teo, H. "W. France to J. Chanteloup, $1750.
No large sales of local realty have
been completed during the week just
closed. The feature of the week has
been the number of building contracts
recorded. These were twenty-six, call
ing for the expenditure of something
more than $160,000. Among the new
projects in view is the erection by
Christopher A. Buckley of\a six-story
building to cover 45:10x137:6 feet on
the southeast corner of Market and
Spear streets, the cost of which will
be something like $170,000. Bernard
The City Realty Company has au
thorized Baldwin & Howell to sell
fifty-eight . lots on Parnassus heights
at auction on January 21. The lots
are situated in the blocks between
Fourth and Fifth avenues and Hugo,
H and I streets, and the, terms are so
attractive that not only v homeseekers
but builders, speculators and invest
ors should be interested in the sale,
as the first cash payment calls for
only 10 per cent of the purchase price
a.nd the balance is to be in equal semi
annual payments extending over a pe
riod of five years. The auction will
be held at the salesroom of Baldwin &
Howell, 25 Post street, on Thursday,
the 21st inst., at 12 o'clock noon.
The OceansldV Improvement Club
held a meeting last Thursday evening.
The members of the club were elated
to hear the report of a committee re
garding the interview of Mayor
Schmitz in relation to obtaining the
necessary assistance from the city
for the opening of H street to the
ocean, more street lights and a fire
engine-house and police patrol and
the improvement of the Ocean boule
vard. The Mayor agreed that the
growing Oceanside district was enti
tled to these concessions, as^ he per
sonally went driving in that district
and was convinced of the necessity of
all such requirements. The commit
tee on streets reported a petition
should be sent to Assessor Dodge ask
ing him to place an assessment of
$200 as the minimum rate per
twenty-five foot lot between the
streets bounded by, 1 Forty-seventh,
Forty-eighth and Forty-ninth avenues
and H and K streets, to enable the
property, owners to obtain permits
No. 7ttO Cole street, near Waller, cottage of
•lx rooms and bath, 'laundry and basement;
four new flats of four and five rooms, with
baths, lots 60x105 feet, on south Bide of West
avenue. 1)0 feet east of Mission street: No.
129 Second avenue, between Lake and Califor
nia streets, residence of nine rooms and bath;
lot 25x100, with store and, two living- room*,
also upper flat of six rooms and bath and sta
ble In rear, K-C50 Alabama street, 215 feet south
of Twenty-fifth; two flats of four rooms each,
with stable In rear, 432-4321) Tenth stteet.
south of Harrison; 4156 Twentieth street, west
of Hartford, five-room cottage, with bath and
high basement; lot 25x101 on east line of Lotta
Etceet, ICO feet south of Parnassus avenue;
frame building of four flats of four rooms each
en Minna street, 177:6 west of Russ, between
•Sixth and Seventh; an unimproved lot on the
northeast , corner of Valencia and Twenty
fourth streets, 34:5x90 feet; a residence of
f>even rooms and bath on north line of Twenty
sixth street, near Castro, No. 4226; lot 60x90
feet on west line of Valencia street, 201:6 feet
north of Twenty-sixth street.
On Thursday of the present week
will be auctioned the block of land
which faces Golden Gate Park and the
Fell-street boulevard, the only block
on the sunny side of "the Park Pan
handle that can be subdivided, as all
the other 'blocks on the north side of
the Panhandle are. subdivided and
built upon. This block is bounded by
Fell. Clayton. Cole and Hayes streets.
It will be sold in thirty-efyht subdivis
ions by Henry, Stern of Da"Vid Stern &
Sons at his salesroom, 11 Montgomery
street, on Thursday at noon. Mr.
Stern' says, comparing: this property
with all properties in San Francisco,
that during the dull period of the real
estate market in this city a few years
ago this was the only one that en
hanced in value. From present indi
cations the demand for this choice
property is greater than the supply.
Those that secure a^lot in the block
are doubly certain ' fk securing an ele
ganfvhome site as^yell as a choice
holding that is bound to improve ow
ing to its facing the grand drive of the
Panhandle to Golden Gate Park. In
all large cities, as New York and Chi
cago, history repeats itself, and all
property facing the parks has been
very much in demand. Fabulous
prices have been paid for some of
these locations.
. Easton, Eldridge &. Co. will auction
realty .on Tuesday next and will offer
the following properties for sale:
Tenth avenue. 250 feet south of J street, for
$1000 to J. B. Gler; lot 15. In block B, Getz'd
Addition to Lakevlev.-, to Nuncio Costa.
AUCTIONS ANNOUNCED.
While First Full Week of NewjYear Is Characterized Only
. by Realty Sales of Moderate Size,~the Builders Early Start
to Keep Up City's Record for Solid Improvements
PROJECTS FOR LARGE
STRUCTURES IN VIEW
THE SAN -FRANCISCQ CALL, SUNDAY/ JANUARY 10, 1904.
32
NEW ADVEETISEDEEUTi
ANOTHES OEKa: DE3TEOTEB.
Berpldda Zs DeatJi to 33aadrnS Germ*.
The germ burrows into the scalp,
throwins up the cuticle In thin scaTes.
called dandruff, or scurf, and digging at
the root of the hair, .where it saps the
hair's vitality. First comes brittle hair,
then lusterless and dead-like hair, then
falling hair, and. finally baldness. Nine-
tenths of the hair troubles are caused by'
dandruff, \yithout dandruff, hair will
grow luxuriantly, as nature intended.
-'Hcrpicide"' kills the dandruff germ!
leaving the hair to grow unhampered, as
it dots with the American red man. Sold
by leading „ drusshsts. "Send" 10c in
stamps for sample to The Hcrplcide Co..
pptroU. Mich.
Schools and Colleges*
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THH
- . L^. S I^ 2 *« Poat " t " Saa Francisco. Cat.
Eita Wished 40 year*. Open cnttr» y«»r.
for Illustrated caUloeut Urasj.
i ADVERTISEMENTS. . '
RICH MEN ARE
NOT AliL HAPPY
Croesus, King of Ljrdla, Had Troubles
of His Own, and There Are Others.
Croesus, the John D. Rockefeller of
the kingdom of Lydia, was very -well-
to-do In worldly goods and chattels.
"As rich as Croesus" is a saying about
2500 years old. .He had his troubles,
however, and some of them were full
grown. He was taken captive once by
Cyrus and only saved himself from be- •
ing burned alive by quoting: a saying'
of Solon the Sage. He finally had to
flee his kingdom for parts unknown.
Many of the rich; man's troubles to-
day come from high living and could
be. avoided. They are brought on by
eating all kinds of rich, heavy foods at
irregular times, lack of proper' exer-
cise, undue mental strain, unnatural
stimulants, etc., and are commonly
known as indigestion, dyspepsia and
weak stomach. They are serious
troubles all right, but' not only can
they be avoided but can also be cured,
and that without loss of time or
proper food and nourishment.
Stuart's Dyspepsia- Tablets are the
certain relief of dyspeptics, rich and
poor alike. There is no such thing as
slopping their onward progress now.
A great nation has placed it3 stamp
of approval upon their, noble work.
The thousands and thousands of cures
they have effected and the happiness
resulting therefrom have made their
name a household word throughout
the land.
The story of j Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets can be told in a word. They
actually do the. work that the weak
and wasted stomach"- is unable to. do
and allow it t| recuperate and regain
its strength. . They contain all the es-
sential properties that V the gastric
juice, and other digestive fluids do,
arid ''they digest the food, just as a
sound and well stomach would. They
relieve thelstomach: just a3 one Vested
and refreshed; workman relieves
one on /duty that is tired" and 'Worn,
and Nature does* her own work of
restoration. • .- It ;*, is ; a . simple, ¦ natural
process that a child can understand.'
You can eat all you. want .without fear
of results. ; Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
"are* for," sale by all -druggists at , ; 60
cents a ibox., ; Druggists "all^ know bet-
tei-A than" to V try ! : to " get along"^ without"
them, as the. demand for them. is great
and' universal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Frcsldcnt of Nolan Bros. Shoe Co.
$200,000 WORTH of
. hkr, grade ssioes
THROWN OX THE MARKET AT
25c 50c AND 75C ON THE DOL-
LAR.
NO WONDER
THE BIG STORE IS CROWDED
FROM MORNING UNTIL NIGHT
. AND PEOPLE COME ioo MILES
TO BUY A YEARS SUPPLY OT
THE ENTIRE STOCK
MUST GO WITHOUT RESERVE.
BARGAIN COUNTERS THE FULL
LENGTH OF. THE STORK. MANY
PEOPLE COME JUST TO LOOK
AND GO AWAY WITH THREE
OR FOUR PAIRS FOR WHAT
• THEY USED TO PAY FOR ONE.
Remember Even
JOHNSTON & MURPHY'S and
LAIRD-SCHOBER & CO'S.
HIGHEST GRADE SHOES ARE
ON SALE AT BARGAIN PRICES.
\A/o t> Ha\/o INo Branch Stores.
= 812-814 Market Street,
Pfiefan Building 9-n OTarrell Street.
MASKS BEOS. ,_ ,_ .,.,-,--,-
SECOND WEEK OF MARKS BROS-'
Mote the following Big Values which merely hint at the
Immense Bargains that will confront you in every department.
Closing Out Oiar Entire Line of Silk Waists
SPECIALLY GROUPED IN THREE DISTINCT LOTS*
Lot I 'Lot 2 0 £ '% Lot 3
$2.95 Clearance Sale Price placed $4.25 Clearance Sale Price placed $5.50 Clearance Sale Price placed
upon our $3.50, $4, $4.50 J and upon cur $5, $6, $6.50 and $7 upon our $7.50, $8, $8.50, $?
• $4.75 Silk Waists. ' Silk Waists. and $1 0,00 Silk Waists.
clearance sale of Children's White Dresses. £#e e &Y£e < i learlnB
IMPORTED MIXTURE WALKING SKIRTS 75c White Dresses To-morrow 39c
imruniLU miAiunt ifMLMnu oivmio $l.00 White Dresses To-monow 65c
Strictly Tailored Throughout $ U2 S White Dresses To-morrow 90c
$2.50 Walking Skirts To-morrow 61.40 $1.75 White Dresses To-morrow $1.45
$3.00 Walking Skirts To-morrow $1.95 t . Children's dresses made of Lonsdalc Cambric and
tormirtf a- i r Lmen Lawn. Fetchingly tnmmed in embroidery,
$3*50 Walking Skirts To-morrow $2.25 Val. face and tucksT^ . v !
$4.00 Walking Skirts To-morrow $3;00 ,000 doz. Women's Linen Handkerchiefs, slightly
$5.00 Walking Skirts To-morrow $4.00 mussed, worth iOc and Yl *6c To-morrow 3c.
~~ CLEARANCE OF CHILDREN'S COATS
$2.50 Children's Jackets To-morrow $1.75 I $4.00 Children's Coats To-morrow $2.90
$3.50 Children's Coats To-morrow $2.45 | $5.00 Children's Coats To-morrow $3.95
Coats are well made, lined throcghoqt, with an inner lining of warm flannel. ¦¦r.'.'-'r.
HI clearing of big values in
35^ FLANNEL FLANNELETTE
liHf^iK KIM0NflS WRflPPERS ¦
II lwHP}i§ll ! iP$\t! -,r yr. . . 9 8c Flannelette Wrappers
lil^l^|p r \f **' " P To-morrow 65c
yj J I f§ |ll^\j\ ScD to - morrow fa 35C $Jt2 5 Flannelette Wrappers
! 5 sjp ati-e^foffiff&s* ti en r i?f f vi To-morrow 95c
*yyg$jM~r£tr^ $1.50 German Flannel Kimonas _ J ...j- „
y^ v Ha(Ie mi^ dcc P flotmce and deep
; M 1V{> To-morrow 75c hem and fitted vest lining.
Mercerized Sateen Petticoats D ™'* ™s* These I clearing
AT HALF PRICE CORSET SPECIALS f VT o
Hade extra full and wide, with Ask for any leading style or L^at H er BagS
deep flounce and dust ruffle. make. _ A o _
$1.00 Sateen Skirts 50c Corsets To-morrow 35c 50c »*s To-morrow 25c
To-morrow 60c 75c Corsets To-morrow 50c 75c Bags To-morrow 45c
$1.50 Sateen Skirts $1.25 Corsets To-monow $1.00
To-morrow 90c | $2 Corsets To-morrow $1.50 $*-25Bags To-monow 95c
January Clearing of Shirt Waists Clearing of Fine Zepfiyr and
. 75c Fleece Lined Winter Weight Waists To-morrow 45c Shetland Woo! Shawls, All Colors
$1.00 Vesting Waists To-morrow 65c Jest the thing for the cold weather.
$1.50 Cheviot Waists To-morrow 95c 35c Shawls To-morrow 19c
p . . o . . . _ -. - _ . „ . 50c Shawls To-morrow 35c
Big Clearance Specials on Our Bargain Tables $1.00 Shawls To-morrow 65c
come aot ses pob YotmsELr. $1 50 Shawls To-morrow 9Oc
10c and 12 tfc Linen' Torchon Lace, 4 inches wide To-morrow 5c 51.95 Shawls To-morrow $1.25
15c and 20c Double Thread Embroidery, 4 inches wide To-morrow 10c $2.00 Shawls To-morrow $K45
JANUARY CLEARANCE SALE OF MUSLIN UNDERWEAR v -
$1.50 Lonsdale Cambric Skirt $1.00 Haslin and Cambric Gowns $1.00 Cambric Drawers
To-morrow 95c To-morrow 70c To-morrow 59c
. , 50c and 75c Women's Fancy Hosiery To-morrow, 25c
ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE OF KNIT UNDERWEAR
75c Women's Gray or Cream Wool $1.25 Women's Imported Wool Vests 35c Children's Fleece Lined Vests,
Mixed Vests To-morrow 50c All colors. To-morrow 95c Pants or Drawers To-morrow 19c
Green Trading Stamps MAS^KS B^OS. 1220-22-24 Market St. ,
With ¦ Alf Purchases . / HONEST VALUES Bet. Taylor and Jones
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j Beiorc stocktaking we offer any fur garment in our
! at 20 per cent off marked price.
jj On account of the size of the stock we have not ton-
H sidercd it practical to change the marked prices, conse-
I quently all prices remain marked in plain figures as \pre-
c viously, from which figures the uniform reduction of 20
a per cent will be given.
} It is without doubt the greatest bona-fide reduction
I ever made on fur garments in this city. The stock in-
I eludes:
Russian Sable Garments Near Seal Jackets
Sealskin Jackets Persian Lamb Jackets •
Mink Stoles ; V jAstrakan Jackets
Fox Stoles Siberian Squirrel Stoles
MUFFS IN ALL FURS.
and all other fur garments of every description.
!No garments will be exchanged during the sale, and
no charge will be made for alterations:
Tin's sale is to bo conducted for only a few days.
I consequently if you desire to make a purchase you had
better come to-morrow.
j This is an absolutely bona-fide reduction on garments.
• of guaranteed quality, every one of which bears our
" name — a positive assurance of satisfaction.
Sale starts to-morrow morning.
in fheVjorld
1It's impossible to convince, a lazy
man that there is- such a thins as easy
work.
Last Week for
Goinc! Ooins! Oone! will be every pair
of Shoes by-C;lurday next. The Men's
Clothing will then begin to take a march
from 915 Market Ftreet. Everybody
that -a-oars Shoes should take advantage
of this. All $3.50 Shoes for men and
womftn will b«>' sacrificed for $1.85 a pair.
Come to-morrow. $1.65 to save on a
pair of Shoos should be worth while.
Not one pa' r should be left on Saturday,
when the Shoe Sale will close at 915
Market St., opp. Mason. •
library. For the ensuing year, Joy
Lichtenstein of the San Francisco
public library was chosen president;
Miss Bertha Kumli, librarian of the
ganta Rosa public library, vice presi
dent; Miss M. A. Schmidt, librarian of
the North Beach branch, secretary,
and Miss Florence B. Whittier, of the
Mechanics' Institute, treasurer. The
association is entering, on the ninth
year of its. existence.
Reno, Nev., has the distinction of be
ing the only city in that State which
can, under present laws, maintain a
public library by taxation. Cities with
less than 5000 population cannot thus
establish libraries. The work on the
new Carnegie building is progressing
rapidly. One thousand volumes,
ordered for the beginning of the libra
ry, are expected to be ready for use
when the building is finished, about
March 1st.
A notable bequest of $200,000 has re
cently been made to Webster City,
Iowa, a place- of 5000 population. By
the will of Kendall Young, the sum of
$25,000"is to be devoted to the erection
of a fireproof library building. The
remainder of $175,000 is to be invested
for a perpetual endowment of the li
brary. This is the largest legacy left
in late years to any city in Iowa.
Lesal Light for Laymen.
In Cicero's "Treatise on the Laws"
Marcus is asked by, Atticushis opinion
respecting the nature of law, and part
of the answer is as follows: "We have
had many great men in Rome, who
have made It their profession to •ex
pound it to the people, -and explain its
doctrines and practice. But though
they professed to be acquainted with
its majestic theory, they were rather fa
miliar with its minute technicalities.
What can be grander or nobler than
jurisprudence? or what can be more in
significant or quibbling than the prac
tice of lawyers?— necessary as It is for
the people. Not that I think that those
who adopt this profession are alto
gether ignorant of the principles of uni
versal legislaion; but they are far more
attentive to civil law, which gives them
a hold on the interest of people.- Are
then the sublime • and recondite princi
ples of jurisprudence less necessary or
less useful? 'Certainly^ not. • * *
You ; ask : me not to write treatises : on
the rights of common sewers and parti
tion walls (stillici'diorum ac parietum).
and to compose forms of stipulations
and judgments. These have been -al
ready most diligently; prepared ; by
clerk's in office,' and are decidedly lower
'than. the '.topics which; you expect! me' to
discuBS." r. . - - i- - :
-.This is ah eloquent expose of the dis
A signal advance in library develop
ment is marked by the opening on the
6th insL.of the children's rooms in the
Oakland library. These two rooms are
the first ones to be occupied for such
purposes in any new library building in
this part of California. The larger
room contains the tables and books
and is spacious, well lighted and beau
tiful in its appointments. The" smaller
one is suitable for, class-room use, to
which teachers can bring -their classes
for special talks to be illustrated by
the books and engravings of the library.
The rooms are to be open between' noon
end 8 o'clock in the evening." To the
Ebeil Society of women is due rv the
credit of recognition of this urgent need
The Goodman free library in Napa
has changed librarians. Mrs. M. E.
Jacobs, a former teacher, has been
elected librarian, -vice Mary Boggs, re
signed.
The Carnegie library building- in
Redding, for which $10,000 was given,
has been completed and the keys turned
over to the library trustees. The rock
walks arou*nd the building were pro
vided by the Women's Improvement
Club.
Though Fresno's new library building
will not be finished for sixty days the
removal of the 7000 volumes from the
present library rooms was begun Janu
ary 1, as the space was required by the
new lessee.
Novelties Bometimes occur even in
library affairs. The Santa Cruz and
Capitola street car line gave a day's
receipts to the furnishing fund of ths
new Santa Cruz building, now under
contract. Fourteen young ladies acted
as conductors. The Santa Cruzans rode
early and often, frequently forgetting
to take their change, and the benefits
amounted to $167 SO.
LIBRARIANS CHANGED.
In Redwood City the citizens are tak
ing vigorous measures to bring their
application for a library donation be
fore Mr. Carnegie.
The important work of sending out'
traveling libraries from the State Li
brary at Sacramento has recently com
menced. Auburn and Boulder Creek
are among the first to receive these
libraries.
Porterville expects a traveling library
and proposes starting a free library on
a subscription basis.
The attendance was large and the
papers given received full apprecia
tion. Later, a collation was daintily
served by the lady attendants of the
C. S. 'Aikin, editor of "Sunset," pre
sented a sketch of "Some California
Writers of To-day."
LARGE ATTENDANCE.
Work of Sending: Out Collec
tions of Volumes From Head
quarters Now in Progress
The force of men engaged in putting
the last finishing touches to ' the
sheathed protected cruiser Tacoma has
been gradually reduced to a few who
are laying oil cloths and putting in
place the furniture of the officers' and
men's quarters. Commander B. F.
Nicholson, who has been detached from
the bureau of navigation of the Navy
Department, Washington, is now on
the way, and in a few days the Taco
ma will be put into commission and re
ceive active orders.
Where the Tacoma will be ordered is
as yet a secret. It was at first intended
to send her to Panama, but the neces
sity of additional naval reinforcements
at that point is not obvious, and it Is
more than likely that she will be dis
patched to Japan if war should be de
clared in that part of the world. The Ta
eoma is the only one of all cruisers built
after her type that fully equaled speed
requirements on her first trial. The ur
gent request of the municipal authori
ties of the Washington city after which
the Tacoma is named that the new
cruiser might make a visit .had to'be
declined on acount of the exigencies of
the service. On returning to the coast
the Tacoma will take. in Puget Sound.
Progress on the superstructure of the
big battleship Ohio is necessarily slow.
Her completion is a matter of a year
at least. The turrets are nearly com
plete and now the -workmen are en
gaged in pkicing pponsons and in fur
nishing exterior details. The. great six
inch riries which constitute her second
ary armament are on the deck and
roady for placing aboard. - - .
The protected cruisers California and
North Dakota are making rapid pro
gress and their huge bulk is observ
able. The California will not be ready
for launching before June next.
Repairs to the steamship City of Pe
king are nearly cojnplete. In about
three weeks the Peking will sail for
Central America to load coffee.
A new iron steamer for the inter
island traffic is approaching completion
at the Union ,Irpn Works and named
Like-Like. The Wilder Commercial
Company is the owner. She will carry
about 200 tons and will burn oil.
pose than to show the vast powers of
the human Intellect, however vainly or
preposterously employed ?" — Brooklyn
Eagle.
tinction between law as a science and
law as a practice. It would appear to
many observers after a visit to our
courts of to-day that our jurists are
spending more time, over the practice
than the science of law, and hence that
much of the moral grandeur and intel
lectual harmony of the later ia lost.
Should we not be careful not to degrade
the practice of law into a "mere art' of
casuistry and chicanery," which our
lawyers elaborate, as Blackstone says,
"With a skill tne most amazingly arti
ficial, but which serves no other pur-
European mail can now be dispatched
to the Far East by means of the great
trans-Siberian railroad. Letters can to
day be sent from Paris, Berlin or Vien
na via Moscow to Vladivostok and
Port Arthur in from twenty-two to
twenty-four days, while the time re
quired by steamer mall via the Suei
canal route Is from six to eight weeks.
SEVERAL TOWNS
GET LIBRARIES
Commander on Way Here From-
Washington and Latest Ad
dition to Navy Will Sail Soon
of every well-appointed free library and
of raising $5000 with which to finish and
equip the rooms.
An attractive programme awaited
the members of the California Library
Association at their annual meeting
held on the evening of the Sth inst.,
at the San Francisco public library!
Mr. J. B. Landfield of the State Uni
versity" spoke on the libraries of St.
Petersburg and Moscow; Professor E.
Flugel of Stanford University, on
Edward Bradshaw, the distinguished
English librarian and scholar, and Mr.
CRUISER WILL
GO TO ORIENT
Dietrich Meyer is the village black
smith who stands beneath the spreadr
Ing chestnut tree out Twin Peaks way.*
He took some of the fallen chestnuts
before Judge Mogan yesterday. He
was arrested on a charge of having,
lottery tickets in his possession and
the arresting officers had the goods to
show. Meyer admitted that the tick
ets were in his possession, but he could
not account for the fact. .He said he
was making a tour of Chinatown and.
some evil-minded Oriental must have
slipped them in his pocket.
The Judge made a sudden dive
through a little black book he keeps for
When the three sailor men have tes
tified to the happenings of Turner's
carving operations they will be set at
liberty, and they may learn a lesson
that if the right eye offend to cut it out.
Also to cut out the left eye — in fact, to
cut out everything that is liable to in
volve one in trouble, and not to know
very much about anything.
Judge Mogan will hold court in the
McNutt Hospital on Monday. This un
usual procedure is actuated by the fact
that three men are being held in cus
tody in the City Prison without just
cause. Somewhere in the dim and dis
tant past, which, measured in the epochs
of the Police Courts means about three
weeks ago, Thomas Tamer took a knife
and slashed B. Hansen somewhere be
tween the left shoulder blade and the
watch pocket. For days the wounded
man played tag with death, but he beat
the grim reaper out. Now he is going
to recover. Three sailor men witnessed
the assault unwittingly and have been
in jail ever since so that the facts they
could testify to might not be merged in
tales of the forecastle . on a whaling
voyage or' buried deeply in the shim
mering waves of the' South Seas.
Ralph E. Reinoehle, who was. once
a special policeman at the Orpheum,
was before Judge Mogan yesterday on
a charee of passing fictitious checks.
He is said to have fallen into the habit
of signing the name of Charles Wesley
Reed, ex- Supervisor and orator, to cer
tain forms on white paper that called
for money at the paying teller's win
dow of the Columbian Banking Com
pany.
Reinoehle was arraigned before Judge
Mogan on a charge of forgery yester
day and his case was continued until
January 16. In the meantime the de
fendant is resting in the City Prison
under bonds of $2000.
James Kelley is a negro with a Celtic
name, and he claims to have been born
in Ireland. He was arrested for beg
ging and came before Judge Mogan yes
terday for hearing. He told' the court
that it was no crime* to ask' for alms
in Ireland, and when he emigrated to
the United States he thought that he
might enjoy the same privileges that
were accorded him in his native land.
"You hardly look like an Irishman to
me," said the Judge. "I never saw any
Irishmen begging for a living, anyway.
Suppose you take twenty- four hours in
jail, and when you' get out make a hot
foot for that Stockton boat you say
employs you. If you appear here again
there will be something doing."
Victoria Ferslow, the woman who
thought that broiling on a hot stove
was the pr6per corrective measure for
the delinquencies which a two-year
and-a-half-old child might commit, ap
peared before Judge Cabaniss 'yester
day. She was not prepared to present
her defense, although the prosecutiol!
waa ready with the baby and a num
ber of witnesses to prove the utter de
pravity of her cruelty to the little one.
At the woman's request the case was
continued until to-morrow.
William Whitney, who is known in
pugilistic circles as "Kid White, the
Honest Fighter," ' was convicted of
petty larceny in Judge Cabaniss' court
yesterday. The original charge was
burglary. He entered a room at 904
Kearny street and stole a quantity of
clothing from the occupant. He was
allowed to rlead guilty to the minor
charge and was sentenced to four
months in the County JaiJ.
Minnie Harvey wears gl-la-ases and
looks like a Boston schoolteacher, al
though she is rather better looking
than the ordinary run of Eastern fe
male educators. She was arrested for
vagrancy and her appearance prompted
Judge Mogan to call her case among
the first. She told him that the Ar
rest was an outrage. In the midst of
the oration she was delivering to the
Judge a policeman, with a chest on him
like a Saratoga trunk, came forward and
passed up the, record of Miss Harvey
to the Judge. It showed that she had
been convicted eight times on charges
of vagrancy and only a few weeks ago
was discharged from the County Jail.
Miss Harvey was told to go "way back
and sit down," and further instructions
will be eiven h«r Monday.
Temple killed himself Friday after
noon by casting himself before an in
coming San Jose train. He was ground
to pieces.
There were three charges in Judge
Mogan's court against Temple. He was
accused of battery on Miss May Cadoza
and on Miss Marjorie McLiennan, and
an additional charge of disturbing the
peace was lodged against him. He en
tered the telephone exchange of the
Starr King building and attempted to
kiss the two young women. When male
assistance came to the rescue lie fought
hard to resist being taken into cus
tody. At his first arraignment his bail
was fixed at $200, and he secured his
liberty by furnishing the necessary
bonds. Rather than face a trial he
killed himself.
The charges, against the dead man
were dismissed by Judge Moga'n and
Temple's record on this earth was
made judicially clean.
All proceedings in mundane courts
that were registered against Louis
Temple were dismissed yesterday. The
unfortunate man had taken an appeal
to a tribunal higher and more just
than earthly courts can be. It is to be
hoped that the last great arbitriment
may be merciful.
reference and then looked up with
bland, blue eyes, like a boy coming
from a* bath. "I flnd," he said, "that
you h'ave been arrested a number of
times for this same offense, and once
for frequently a lottery place. Truth
crushed to earth will rise again, al
though in some cases not before the
time limit has expired. In this case she
merely dropped to her knees. ¦ If" you
had not lied I would have dismissed
you, but now I find you guilty and I
will pronounce sentence Monday."
Charges Against Him Are Dismissed by, Judge Mogan on Ac
count of His Terrible End— "Loidy" With Glasses Is Ad
judged Guilty— Pugilist;'Kid White" Must Serve County
DEATH PURGES POLICE COURT
RECORD OF LOUIS TEMPLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10, 1904.
33
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(A Eyeglasses /Q
I * and j^
{J Spectacles C
A\EIN
4ilTJS^ y - jV - HAUL'S RKINVIGORATOIl
3d W*TI steps all losses and unnatural di»-
; H rnarges in hours. You feel an
B9 E^3 Improvement fr rn the first dvsi.
Pfl v -*' h*** 6O much cor.Sdence In our
i*J'j ir'ri Tr«atn-.ent that «c GfTor Five Hun-
jpfjd ffl >£ drf- i reward for any ca>e we can-
auauU net rure. This secret remedy cur»-s
lost power, ntRhtly emissions, wasted organs,
varieocelf, frltet, utrictures, kidneys, failing
mtmoD', drains in the -jrine. gonorrhoea, dis-
ease of the pros-tate glands and all other terri-
ble eCects of s*-!f-abuEe or excesses, which lead
en to consumption and death. Positively cures
tr:<; worst caws in old or younsj cf that mortl-,
fyins crndltlf-n, quickness of the discharge, and
w£nfin£ to d'j, and you can't. Sent seated, %'i
per bottl*. three bottles, >.".. Guaranteed to
cure any case.
c-ell or addrrF* orders HALL'S MHDICAL
INSfTTTUTK. fC5 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
AIfa for Fal" lit 1OT3V> Market ft., i?. F. Send
tCT frto tK.r,k.
DR. JORDAN'S great/)
«QUSEU0 OF ANATOMY^
V S^ "»"»Sil2rt7r:.i:'..6:i*Ti,S.r.:^. A
\ *^T The l^ar^evt A&atomca! Museum in tb« \
V »»JD«. V.'ond. Uukncstc* »t ar.jr cuiuractcd ft
fti ISJ <5k*»»« p»m«l»^ly raradhr the o!de»t Y
O /SSI OB ihe Coir. E»tj6ye«rv O
A 6^»fi DR - JCRDAN-DI5EASES OF KEh 6
a t JSWM TtMtmeT.t px-r.oiu.lj or hy letter. A A
V fl fr nH 7^M^«^re CVr* ia every caMundcrt^er. T
6 t" \ 41 & v. r »(('trnk pniionopnVofA
* i 'l BlttnUCK, MAILED IJ-.tE. (AY
/ <J li- v * ut! JC boolc io ' ¦"'*"' A
V nit JOCD1S &,A O.. OS irnrtPt st..R. p. /
Every Woman
v'\'>.\ v \\ utslcrestednni! should know
<¦»¦"• ',*^ >-"Aj-C-\ about tte wonofrfnl
\ i.Vi^ 'X • m MARVEL Wbirfing Spray
V^S G*V *aSSw est-MoU ConrentenU
* ~~-^5^^W r^7*^ UUcumlaWiU;,
«i»T»w«nisr-«i»>rn. \;., /<ES~~-~~~-f7^~~
)f V f«"not nupiiiy the V«Wr ''i-'ft'G .
»ARVCL.Ac.-»plHO \,- -'¦¦£l*%Z. ir *m
etlier. bnt»«rdK4>:rii if or fl- \v i''./''/\f
\ssM\nXtA book-*»«l«l.lt ci^e* V'-,. / *.¦§
fail parti't:J*r»»ii<l rtirK-tirnMiir- VJv ' I M '
v*lr.»b> to i»flie». n«RVCL CO.. *>{.'¦ Hj.ifjr
Times Cdg.. y tm Y Ork . —
jcdSBte&sm MENANDWO.MEU,
•^Sw^CHib^fff CseBl«Cfornpcatura.
l»lus. ««yt3fc5 di»ch»rce«.itiC»nim«tioni.
Af'ST Ciuuu'4 \t irritation* or nlcerstloct
K**^J» m: » ei.-l«trt. " of mocont membranes.
[Tyjj Pr»Tteit (o«uriM. PaiaiftM, and cot attrla-
ftY«fTHt[TX)(SCnytttlCl). feat or poiwponi.
\flg\CJIClSI{ATi,CBESH Scld by DrnvrftU,
V^>Jk. kt-i. trva^ or ««ct in pUln wr«pr«t.
by czpreM. prepaid. IOT
SI .00. or 3 bottlee (3.76.
i fi iiTg"^% •«¦ Cfrculu- »ect on reaocrt.
PDTTCU17C r °K BARBEnS.-flAr
DnUOflL/O kerp. bootbUrkt. bath.
fcousetv . billiard tablea.
brewers, bookbinder*, candy makers, cannera.
<3>«r». flour ni:!!». (oundries, lauxtdriee. paper-
hao«erc. .t>rir.t*r». i^ijnt<:>. 'shoe -{actorie*.
. ctablemcn. tar-ronfen. tanners, tailors etc ¦
JBTJCSAHABT BSOS.,
Krutfa XjuixlX actureri, 609 Sacramento St.
1 - ADVEBTISEMENTS. : ;
I ¦
I Incredible Reductions This Week.
1 $3.50 WALKING SKIRTS cut to ...85c
§ $5.00 WALKING SKIRTS cut to $1.65
§ $18.00 TAILOR-MADE SUITS cut to.... ......$6.95
1 $27.50 TAILOR-MADE SUITS cu! to $9.95
g $35.00 TAILOR-MADE SUITS cut to $14.45
I $50.00 TAILOR-MADE SUITS cut to $27.45
S $5.00 KERSEY JACKETS cut to , $1.95
| $7.50 KERSEY BOX COATS cut to... ...$3.95
I $25.00 SILK COATS cut to ..$12.45
I $65.00; ELECTRIC SEAL JACKETS cut to... $27.45
| SEE OUR WINDOWS.
§' fS ~ MARKET STREET, .
. '.Bet. Mason and Taylor Sts.
oj r_ SAN FRANCISCO.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
G8EAT GOLlTsTRIKE
IN ARIZONA'
THE DISCOVERER OF THE FAMOUS IRON KING MINE
ABOUT TO RESUME WORK ON THE
YAVAPAI GROUP
Prediction That They Will Pay;
Big DiviciencJs.
. ~ i
J H. Hac:r.». the orlc'.nal discoverfr of the i is on a direct line with and made no such j
.famous Iron Kir.e Min<>. ni-ar E^MOOtt. Ariz., j showing on the surface as the Yavapai Gold i
for Mtilea $:!.WiO,000 was raeeatiy rcfusvd. is i Mining Company's property,
tu rcewiwe work un i!«e Yava|>al CTtmp ITYPfTIlT^ U TTDrtllT BIPHE.S
nc^s any propwty in the Territory ar.d ercatlv Two reliable mining experts examine*! Use ,
*uaiisf. ihe Iron Kir.c. property and assorted positively that from tne
A few yeiir* aj u Hacir.s. «!)<¦ lor over fhcwirgr made on the surface, and down to the
twest) years- pmpected tti«- ri<h "districts of 85-fOOt level, together with assays made from ;
Atuiii' <i:s.cv t >red t!.e Yavapai frrnup and the ore taken from the ledges, the mines were very
Iron Krs f rouji cf niir.es located tn Vavapai rich, und required. but the necessary machinery
County He li*J no apitaj to develop oUher. to further develop them— which they estimated
end ftbcclulely r^fu*ed to ao. tpt the a^si^!ance ccu\6 he done at an expenditure of less than
©nVi.-U him ty H,me capitalists » >•<> knew oi Jl'.'.OOO. absolutely placing the property on a
his tU^coveries. He knew itoe value of his I'asis paying at least $2O.O<X) a month. 1 ne
ijnj'jcrties and also that any -V<5 from BOCh a ! Yavapai Gold Minine Company was formed .
tour.e meant to him the ios» of the greater j With men at its htad whose honesty and busi-
t*rt of bU hold:nt« ness 'r.tegTity cannot be questioned, and who
Fir.a!'v* huvvpUr^ tie sufceedod in seiling would not Identify themselves with anything
the l'i -, n Kill* mints ar.d with the money at- that had not merit and truth to recommend it. ;
tempted to opett uj. the rich led?;** of the It i* the purpose of the company to sell
Vu\anal »hicli extended for over MM feet la enough s-tock to further develop the mine ana
I^rxcth and from b to 7 feet in width, and place it on a level with the greatest mines in ,
wlii.-h w*re vastly richer than -the Iron King the district. -,
lroiii the very surface. At a recent meeting of the Board of Direct- j
t»tt«/im *-»r»*jtT?iu-r- u/nov ors il w :ts «""ranjjed for the sale of a. limited
L/^Vc.LCJrTir.i^ I VVVJivn. amount <->f the treasury stock, at a price and
A shaft e:c::ty fert d»op was tirt-t bu:tk, and ! upon terms which will" be within the reach of
a> Jf-l'tii was "attained the ore increased i;i every person struggling to better hi* financial *
riehtiets. Ore nmuins at blgta as $100u per condition.
lor. ni rojd uas encountered at this level. A It was determined at this meeting:, however.
Si-toot criit t.urtit was tl.en run and a cre*£- j that not Uss than 100 shares of the stock
rut 40 feet west to determine the cxte.-.t of I should he sold tn any on<» person, and that
th» • -re bodiet. This work abaolotely dcmrai- j the price should be Z5 cents a share.
ttrat^J Um great bodies »¦: t>re tr.at lay hidden | The ccmpatiy al.-o agreed that any amount of
¦rUtoifl llU* i'ioui> of infnes. awaiting Lull j stock so purchased, from 100 shares up. couM
r-jj-t.Vr development and opening up to place j be paid for in monthly installments of U'.i
it amotyt the Umg list of Arizona's preat divi- i cents rpr share per month, as it would be
dend payer- ar.d producer*. 1 impossible for many worthy people struggling
M the extreme end of the property another j for a better IJrlOff, whom it is the company's
thi-t »a t ?urk to as-ertain whether or. not j deMre to benefit, to pay all cash down, while
• th*^ rich vaiues i-ontiaaed :"< full leneth of all can spam a few dollars each month ac-
the claims and when down l>ut 25 feet ore j cordir.s to their mean?.
ronri'.- a~ hi^h as $13'j per ton in soid «as ! Mvery care ha? been taken for the protection
found proving definitely that for :W*X) reet ! cf small Investor*. The articles of Jncorpora-
the^ "verj' rich values held out. and will in all | tion and the by-laws of the company make
rrt'bat!!:tv increase in richness as depth ia | the stock absolutely non-assessable,
attained " I II was lurthor decided at this meeting that
In prosecuting this work Mr. Hagins es- i these Email investors should under no circum-
bmiisted whjt few thousand .iollars he po*- stances fv.riV.t any money paid in for stock.
e»s«^ed and .-on.-rqucr.ily could not properly ; That is, if one should subscribe for 100 or more
protect the developments and shield them frcm I shares and after making one or more payments
the stonn that drenched this part of ArU^na. i be unable to meet an installment, stock for
In the winter of 1 1*00-01. Water poured djivn j every dollar that has been paid shall be issued
the unprot.-cted shafts, half riilinR them, and I to the purchaser.
the o!:!y device his mean* would euppiy for i If there are any readers of this paper who de-
rcsttovtflg t'.ie water was a common hoisting I s:re to stand in. in a small way. on this won-
bu<kct which of COUTM proved a very inade- j derful chance, they are advised to write to
uuate Inrtiument I A J. Chandler, assistant pecretao' Vavapai
AcctcTAwrc Arrrnrn Geld Mining Company, rooms 4U3-5 Crossley
Ab^lb 1 Ai^Ct, UrrbKlLU. j building. 8an Francisco, and arrangements will
Capitalists in Arizona and elsewhere offered ¦ be made to get a few of them In on this de-
to '"reit the ne<"eisary machinerv to further I sirable mine.
develop the mir.w, but *s usual they de- I Ma;jE. aff.davits and information regarding
ma:ii!<-'l tho !ion"s share of the prui*rty, which the property will be furnished free upon ap-
proposa] lie postUvely declined. Finally he plicatlcn.
PTmitted tome other parties of limited means, p rcrqrwrp TO PROMINENT
llKm he feared lr» than the capitalists, to Kl! '^ j! ' R r!;r i 7; i/ / I ); f Ji££i
a company on u L>a>is which would 5 I Ot-rVriU«^Ut,Ko.
give him an opportunity to share in the profits Hon H KootP \j g. Judge. South llc-
ot the drvcloiment of rhe mine, which all A j^ ter Indian Territory.
knew to I* ver>' rich. Hon. £?. H. ' Brooke. ex-Treasurer of §an
WHY MINES HAVE BEEN Francisco. Lick House. San Francisco.
«°" S- C. Denson. ex-Superior Judge of
i'C'VU-E.V* i ti,u. Sacramento, SC9-12 Claus Spreckels building.
The naneg of Arizcna have until very re- San Francisco.
rently been neglected rn account of the fierce- Hon. K. .1. Banning, Assistant United States
nos»"o: the Apache Indians, who for many Attorney. 01 Appraisers' building. San Fran-
vesr* a t T er the acouis'.ticn of Arizona, to tht? Cisco.
United States absolutely prevented any person AITirin AVIT CSV I D UAriM?
l»roVp*-ciinK the great goid fteldg they aJl knew AFFIDAVIT OF J. K. HAOIIN5.
tu exist tS»ere. I. J- R- Hagins, being first duly sworn, de-
livery vjltage «nd raining center ia Arizona pose and say: That I am the original dis-
bas its ta>s to te!l of the Indian massacres roverer of the group of mines now owned by
und the tortarea and death? inf.lcted on the the Yavapai Gold Mining Company and the
whites by the Apaches. The Indians have I superintendent of said minee; I firmly believe
itvw beer, tutniued and hundivds of millions I that when they are praperly opened up they
uf doiiare have been the reward cf the lucky j will be on a level with the best-paying mines
mine maai and Investors in this manolously | rn the d!st#iet:"-and will surpass the "Iron King
rich r^-lon I Mine," which I discovered and for which the
Almost every person Js lamiliar with the owners recently refused $3,000,000.
creat Arizona * L'r.iteJ Verde lline of Multl- In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
mti:iuna-re Senator Clark, whith pays J1.000,- hand and seal this 11th day of November. 1903.
iytjCi j,«r jneiith. arid tor which he recently re- (Signed) J. R. HAGINS.
fuicd 190.400.000^ and the Bisb^e Que«n, which Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th.-
is on» of the greatest rroducers la the wcr'.d. day of November, ltKVJ. O. C. PKATT,
"TT.<*?«" njir.f 1 .-' are but *. \ery thort distance from Notarj- Public In and for the city and county
the Yavanai Oj'.d Mines, an? the great Verde of San Francisco, State of California.
'____'_ _ ____"__ ___." ADVEETISEMENTS. '. >-
The best way to start a New Tear is NOT to sit bewailin* the blunders of day, gone by. Instead it IS to rise up with
fresh energy, with eyes to the front, resolved to profit by past experience.
What Is experience? \
It is knowledge gained from past deeds.
> That is the point where the ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA mokes IU great aoreal. It sums up for » man all the ex-
perience of all the other men since the world besan. .' .
Do^you think you are strong enough to tenors all this past experience in beginning another year?
THE DESIRE TO IMPROVE
Is the one element which has uplifted whole races and made entire civilisations. Kingdoms have passed away and new states hav«
arisen simply because. Individual men have resolved to better themselves.
The story of their struggles and the result» of their labors are printed for your benefit in the ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA.
THE NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION
Should include the procuring of this splendid set of books. It is the finest slnzle equipment for success ever prepared. Its thlrty-
cne volumes were a century and a quarter in the making and represent an outlay of three millions ot dollars. The New Twen-
tieth Century Edition will give you the latest facts In history and biography, the most recent researches In chemistry, mechanics
and engineering, the last word in surgery and theology, the present status of the Roentgen ray and wireless telegraphy.
If you start- l'J(W with BRITAXN1CA you can turn over 12,000 new leaves Instead of one! ...._
Bb Kinff of EnRVRlnnsiRflifis'
y BiflilgL Ua Lilly fUlUUUUUiUU i jgSStvvt
In spito of the multitude of reference works which appc:ir and disappear tr^~ =irr!^ r *~ c ~iyFi\ /If
every season, there is ONE GREAT AUTHORITY which remains unapproachably f^f^t^S^ *J)/XAf-'
find permanently at the hoail of them all — one that will continue to be cited as _T^ lH±±i" "2' ''/., 7>*// T/
the standard by critics, scholars, students and leaders the world around — and _£lJ1J~J±? ' ffi ' £• j\j Jr/f
The Encyclopaedia Britannica j*~£EzEE3mw
It is at once the king and father of them all. The pioneer in its <*'/ 'Cf/f
field and the product of the world's greatest minds, it has been ->„ ; A:ln'i,/J4 From
imitated and copied by smaller works, because the KN'CYCLO- tJ!i-,»'-^-^-a^ \ A J , \ 'LV fj, r , , .
PAEDIA BIUTANNICA has been recognized for a century and f^^TZ^'— ' ~~ Jr. * V\X i - Iff Afgnan-
a quarter as the greatest repository of knowledge in the _f^-^a3s^^_^ A /&-lf r jAfja : t j
Over 600 American Contributors ffl<Mfjf the"' ?mi i p-
Besides its corps of over 1000 of the ablest Euro- " JWmUmi^ /Xj t, L ' i ''%> ¥ •_ a ~7
pean scholars, over 600 American contributors were H^ a wS( j /, \ J '/ '{ * ¦ Pines ana can-
employed to write on American topics and Ameri- i-s^qnygsgsgr /£< V, J £,; / J M zibar Pvprv
can institutions. These 600 names represent the v - 'T-^f^f ir ~ ¦ 5 ¦ - -'/ J ! . r V '* . -
foremost men our land— such men as Thorn- fl£^====fcs#=¥fc» 2 Yj J '&; *V 1 Country receives
as I?. Reed. John Sherman. John 11. Finley, Jt^r- i. -^ M jfi/'/fcV, J\ { A* thnrniifrh srmtinv
Cardinal Gibbons, General McClellan, A-/ £,Y>J <R ? Af tnorough bCriltmy.
President lladley of Yale. Richard I^-ss^e^ /^AZzi' V' / A¥ While in the ARTS
Henry Stoddard, George W. Cable ./^ ' RP^P" /A J\¥fi ffflf ' J QPICVTCC I ct
and others. • >^^--^-~«i~°*=bj^s======^j^ f/)fJ ftjj Jf O^lCiN^ti, Lbl-
And when we leaveS America, ' feH " 'J^'^^^-^ mm^ mma / / z- i - 4 V/a ' J^fift ' ff TERS. and everv craft
BRITANNICA commands a ,Mfg± -^§&^ A% JWJ \JVJ t *( «f tv, *u'
view of world-encircling =g5^ //l/' r/ r * fj,?*fj ot the race, this great
l\v^Vproa£hed T*n?' ' JWfflfflif 4iAi "^ SUPPHeS the finai W ° rd '
other workl • m : - 3" /MMxd W >>)l¥ The Twentieth
Jmmmmmm^ _MMWj y fffl Century Edition
tm^ a^j^^^M^\ '%J Jj Is COMPLE TE a "J UP TO
: t^^fcW^^B^g^ M \j0,W^?tej!° l 7/ ditions, including" a f.ve-vo"urne Sup-
¦fc^jiyiwi'Mft^^M^^^a Wfr/j vmCM^^M/ V mi tt;rs, rrprcssnt a superb achievement
y '¦ y^^^^^^^^B^^r"^ Ms '* Jy//iW s 'ilfWjftMM *! as not be?n s.'o.v to pcrccivs its superi-
j^^^^^^r===^=s^==- /W v Jty/A i JJU W y j%/$ orkv. Since the Twenr eth Century
_ 1 /%£) j \j£fJlf wJjJfc/fc? Edition has b:en published more BRITAN-
f^C;-^^-^ v.^",w, .., ¦-^^^F===^^W^' /• ttftj **jri\£ fl? MCAb have be;n sold than ALL OTHER
.fiur:,! 1 ", 1 :'". 1 ../! '¦ . '¦_ ~. s .^"-"y'p£^'"pi^S3%J*/f W/fyf-t&'P/fsEt/flf* CYCLOPAEDIAS COMBINED
i Si^|^^^iMlM|l^|^iK W^^/xjfJ j^M^- a , Ap On acount of th« increased cost of materials and
'>r^^^b^O^^|^¥^| Wffi&ffl T>'7 h/ JT labor, the price of this Encyclopaedia must be advanced
Sgij£2$j pSS|pra^|! f WWgJ, % / ff§ at an earl y datc « e have, however, arranged that this
: V^Sr^ "^1 $$$a&^Jj\j/f¥j \Af *ncreasein pric« shall not go into effect until the present
ife^^^ 1 IJACCIUC : $Vfi6i M- M J/Mf IF YOU DO NOT DELAY you may still obtain this
PPPI "WdlVt I// i * King of Encyclopaedias at LESS THAN HALF PRICE
Pllll VOLUMES, pIS '^m^rW W M DAY° n " Sy payments amountir -S to onl V TEN CENTS A
IPp^j WEIGHT fe|§i£$ '^^>W$M$? But PROMPT action is necessary. Send in the free IN-
iliiit over $$mWK/W QU]RY COUPON T °- DAY -
: |S» onn i n^ III 0 IW what is said of it
i's&C^'iJ&i ZUU LOJi r^^^fif'imHjy I: * "It is without a peer in the whole noble army of encyclopae-
• [^S$Sg$i r^^S^^l &r / fm dla«=." — Lyman Abbott, d. D.
H^^^S^ V^^ ">iry-\^^^^^ 5*^ W\ f'l "The Kneyclopaedia Britannica is king of its tribe." — Prof.
jS^^^^4^^^4K^J§^1tS« f!Pai*k Atffl " If a11 otl^er books were destroyed, the Bible exceptf-d. the
; i^i^JlwM^l^^^^^i^ *$M world would lose but little of its inrormation."— Sirarjooa.
: (^^^^^^I^If^^^^ i^ T' "' BOOKCASE FREE. '
i S»iaS-i' ! -~v>vr.v, .-¦'¦>¦ !> ! v-'-'n.-.t.;5^.«- .ssJr & limited number of Bookcases will be frlvcn free of eharsre to
M i, •'*•: „„„„„„ + . Call readers who respond promptly. The coupon below will be
§3?* Cut out and mail this Coupon to- lenown as the Boolccase Coupon and should be mailed at once.
-day for particulars of our (Treat : ; — —
offer througrh "The Call." _l_."....
, i 1-10-04. ' """" ~~ " ""^^"~"
25 volume" itat^Edition. The American Newspaper Association.
5 Volumes American Additions. - Parrott Building. San Francisco, CaL .
1 Z£Zls7t\l & %ZT™o£ | Please send me free of .charge sample pages and full
particulars of your Encyclopaedia offer (Bookcase Cou-
$\ Secures This Entire Set pon).
•fl of the v
I New 20th Century Edition Name Street -•-
| You can. pay the balance Town County State
JGL at the rate of only 10c a J
day for a short time. SAN FRANCISCO CALL BUREAU
| " ADVERTISEMENTS. I
1 "L1TTLE-AT-A-TIME PAYMENTS"
125% DISCOUNT
On All
GOBBLER ROCKERS
Sold. Daring This Week.
i We want you to come In and
look over our Immense stock of
Chairs and Rockers. You . will
be surprised at the elegant as-
sortment and extremely low
prices at which we sell. . Watch
¦ our windows for special bargains
THE
J. Noonan Furniture Co.,
1017-1023 .Mission St.. Above SixlhtS.F.BtoIl, dentist; Hal* ht * Masonic ar.*
Trapper's Otl cures rheumatism and neuralffi*.
DruxrUts. COc fia«k. Richard ft Co.. 408 C!*r.«
The Music Teachers' Association of
California has elected the , following:
officers for the- ensuing year: Presi
dent, John Harriden Pratt; vice presi
dent, A. Spadina; secretary, Mrs.J. A.
Whiteside;. treasurer, Mrs. P. O. Peter
son; directors— Mme. Roeckel, H. W.
Patrick and Elena Rgeckel." _, \ _
Officers Elected.
George W. Humble, indicted for us
ing: the United States mails in further
ance of a scheme to defraud the pub
lic by means of a raining scheme,
pleaded" not guilty yesterday in the
United Stales District Court. The
'trial was set for April 6.
Rumble's Trial Sot.
The San Francisco and Eel. River
Transportation Company was incoV
porated yesterday with a capital stock
of $25,000, all of which Is subscribed.
The directors and subscribers are G.
S., B. D. -and A. W. Beadle, W. D.
Wells and X. H. Frank.
Form Transportation Company.
Reduced ratea on household roods to A from
U* East it South. Bekln'a, 11 Montgomery it *
ADAMS' .IrlMh Moss Cough Balsam ths safe,
»ure. guaranteed cure. 25c. 60c; Druggists. •
Last week, since the' announcement of
Baron's first clearance sale, the store was
crowded with buyers. The secret of the
success is that Mr. Bartm himself does
the fitting, whether they are ten or hun
dred-dollar suits. Kvery lady who walks
out with a suit fitted by Baron, suit
bears the closest criticism both in style
«nd IH. This week the entire - line of
$30.00 and $25.00 .will sell at $12.50/ The
famous $17.50 military coat $7.85. At
15a ions Cloak and Suit House, 762 Mar-
Ret street / ¦¦:.¦ •
Why Do the Ladies Go to Baron?
Won;: Din Released.
Wontf Din, one of the Chinese brok
tTB indicted with Dempsey, Dasha and
Burnett. Sheriff's deputies, for substi
tuting six Chinese laborers for six
prisoners awaiting deportation, was
released yesterday on giving a bond
for $6000.
Suits for divorce for desertion were
filed yesterday by. Emma TVedemeyer
against B. H. Wedemeyer, Addic Brad
ley Foley against E. F. Foley. Ellen T.
Sullivan against John D. Sullivan and
Benjamin Pitkofsky against Sarah B.
Pitkosfy.
In the Divorce Court.
Calaveras Parlor No. 10C, Native
Daughters of the Golden "West," will
give a grand ball in Native Sons* Hall
next Tuesday night. It is to be an
evening dres function and it is ex
pected that it will be one of the most
pleasant dances given this season.
Calaveras Parlor's Ball.
Some very >wcll wedd'.n; Invitations com*
from Knowlas. •_'? Second street. Mala 3U3- ¦
The Norton Bay Mining and De
velopment Company was incorporated
yesterday with a capital stock pf
$1,000,000. of which $500,000 is sub
scribed. The directors and the
amounts they have' each subscribed
are: J. D. Helps, $278,750; W. F.
Fisher. $103,115; E. C. F. McDonald.
$103,125; J. D. Flanigan, $15,000. and
C. A. Parker, $10.
Mining Company Incorporates.
The merchant, like the housewjfe, finds It
necessary t<j have periodical house cleanings.
At least twice a year the stock must be gone
through, the remnants of odds and ends sorted
tiut and disposed of. Strauss & Frohman. 107
Post. street, besrins to-morrow their annual
rtemrisnt sale. Every department has done a
large business and as a result a great lot of
remnants must find room elsewhere.. Suits,
cloaks, skirts, waists, dress goods, silks, fancy
Kocps. art goods, household {roods, underwear,
hosiery, etc., are to be offered In most cases
at half price. \
San Francisco women should not overlook
this event. /
Big Store Cleans House.
A woman's education is never com
pleted until she acquires the title of
grandmother. _£_>
Justice of the Peace Tisdale of
Tledlands fined C. H. Rumbo $25 yes
terday for shipping quail to market
in Los Angeles in violation of the law.
A. Lencioni, a hotel-keeper of Healds
burgr, was caught with five live quail
in his possession yesterday by Deputy
Fish Commissioner A. F. Lea. Jus
tice of the Peace Provine3 assessed the
boniface $25. Jodge llogan fined
George Dwyer $25 for having more
than twenty-five quail in his posses
sion.
Chief Deputy Vogelsang of the Fish
Commission has, succeeded in getting
an extension of two years' time from
the Commissioners of Washoe County.
New, for taking of rainbow trout
spawn in Truckce River. The Fish
Commission has 30,000,000 salmon
eggs at the Sisson hatchery and 6,000,
000 at Eel River. ¦ The national and
State commissioners handled more
than 60,000,000 salmon eggs at the
hatcheries of California last year.
This is a gain of 12.000,000 over the
highest previous record.
GAME LAW VIOLATORS
PAY FOR THEIR SPORT
Has Mania for Breaking; "Windows
O. E. Fairfleld, 14 Dane street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge
Slogan yesterday for the arrest of
"Jane Doe" Shannon on a charge of
disturbing the peace. Mrs. Shannon
has a mania for breaking windows and
on Friday night she started out to re
lieve her overmastering desire in that
direction and the windows in Fair
field's house suffered along with many
others in the neighborhood. She ha?
been arrested several times and ha;
been examined by the Insanity Com
missioners, who found her insane onb
on the subject of breaking windows.
and that he was further- entitled to
letters under the constitutional decla
ration that "treaties are paramount to
the organic law of any State."
He held also.. as, did the New York
Justice, "that all treaties shall be the
extreme law of the land."
The Belfast city corporation has de
cided to place ¦ shelters for consump
tives in one of the public parks. Pro
test meetings are being held. ? .
Reduction of 25 Per Cent
In our cloak and suit department during
January, cash or credit. Eastern Outfit
ting Co., 1S20-1328 Stockton st. - •
Joseph Fcld, ex-policeman, was ar
raigned before Judge Dunne yesterday
on a charge of murder. When he was
asked to plead his attorney, W. H. Al
ford, requested a continuance, for a
week, which was granted. Fcld is ac
cused of shooting and killing Fritz
Dirking, his father-in-law, at the Dirk
ing residence, 11 Fair avenue, on No
vember 2. . 1 '
Feld Arraigned for Murder.
Announcement of the date is made
early so that no o^her functions will
be set for the evening of the bal
masque. It is also considered that
time should be given for the making
of costumes. The fancy of society
leaders mav turn to something strik
ingly original in the art of costuming.
The design for the invitation should
have the merit of originality a^nd at
tractiveness, as Mrs. Albertlne Randall
Wheelan, whose reputation for illus
tration extends across the continent, is
to have charge of this line of work.
Artists John M. Gamble and Harry
j W. Seawell will take charge of the dec
orations;. It is expected that the main
rooms and galleries of the mansion on
! the hill will be decorated in superb
style. ' .
The- directors of the San Francisco
Art Association have decided to hold
the Mardi Gras ball as usual this year
and special efforts will be made to ren
der the function agreeable to the art
ists, the members of the association
and to other representatives of society.
The event will take place Tuesday
evening, February 16. At a recent con
ference of the directors, plans for dec
orating the house and, designs for the
Invitation were topics of discussion.
The board decided to adopt a liberal
J policy in regard to the expenses of the
i function.
Under a decision rendered by Judge
Slosa yesterday C. F. Serra, Consul
General for Italy in this city, and not
the Public Administrator, is entitled
to letters of administration upon the
estate of Giosue Gazzara, a citizen of
Italy who. died here. In accordance
with his decision Judge Sloss issued an
order revoking the letters of admin
istration upon the estate of Gazzara
previously issued to Public Adminis
trator John Karnham.
The decision is one of unusual in
terest in that it determines the value
of the laws of a State and thpse agree
ments, made in treaties between this
country and other nations. Judge
Sloss based his decision on the fact
that in a" recognized opinion by n
Judge of the Surrogate Court of New
York it was decided that a Consul
was entitled to administer upon an es
tate of a citizen of his country under
the • "most favored nation" clause.
In' this particular case this clause and
article D of- the treaty between this
country and the Argentine Republic,
which provides for the "intervention"
of a Consul in the matter of an estate
of a foreigner, were cited by Consul
Serra. Sloss sustained both points.
Judge Sloss, following the decision
of the New York Justice, decided also
j that International law gave the Con
' sul risrht to' letters of administration
DATE IS FEBRUARY 16
DEPOSES J0HX FAR^HAM
Directors of the San Fran
cisco 1 Art "Association Arc
Preparing for the Event
Jndge Sloss Decides That Jle
Is Entitled to Administer
on Estate Left by Gazzara
KING CARNIVAL
TO HOLD SWAY
ITALY'S CONSUL
WINS VICTORY
THE SAN FRAXCISCO -JGAtU SUNDAY;: JANUARY 10, 1904
34
AJVEBTISEMENTS. _
! THE MONEY-SAVING EVENT OF THE YEAR COMMENCES TO-MORROW. |
\-\ Inspired by the enormous businessSve have done thus far in our comparatively limited |
\ quarters, we have secured the entire building, consisting of three additional floors over our pres- g
\ ent stores, to be utilized for the" enlargement of our Women's and Children's Cloak and, Suit, Muslin ~
S Underwear, Millinery and other departments, spacious fitting rooms, workrooms, etc. The ground
\ floor space, when these departments have .been removed, will be devoted entirely to Fancy Goods, |
I Notions. Gloves, Hosiery, Underwear, r Veilings. Handkerchief s, * Druggist Sundries, Leather - o
> Goods, Ribbons and other lines, akin to a thoroughly modern establishment. A spacious elevator of g
\ . the most improved kin'd, provided with every appliance for safety and fitting for comfort, will be op- g
\ erated, reaching all floors: Wlien th^alterations are completed this store, from :the* fourth floor to |
\ the basement, will be^b complete in its arrangement as to make shopping a pleasure here. We wish
\ to thank our nume^us^friends and* the'^public; who have niade it possible for us.to build a business a
\ of such magnitude from our small beginning less than five years : ago.;... s
S REDUCTIONS GREATER THAN EVER. %
\ vEvery.,departmentr,nianager in the,.house has orders to keep up the intense interest and re- ci
\ duce everything itv the stock 'to |
>' patrons a numberof desirable items as exampies of the unusual price making throughout the en- |
\ tire store. We are determined that to-morrow and every day "this. Week" will, surpass all previous §
\ records in amount-of sales. " ~\.-_\ :: '""- : '-. ' .'¦¦'. •'.-•- '¦' . '.'''¦¦ S
\ Suit and Cloak Department Millinery Surprisingly Priced §
\ "Reductions. 'W^W^' % - °P r Alteration Sale |
W: Choice of all the remaining high-class, rich >. °^ cri »S s in Women's |
\ Tailor and Dress Suits at the following aston- W-^^L 4 Trimmed Hats, de- ~
\ ishing prices: ' rm^SSk. f SiSned f ° r Stl " eCt "™'' I
I S6o.ooand $65.00 Women's Suits/. . ..$35.00 1 arc intended to. create- g
I $55.00 and ? 5 o.oo Women's Suits.... $30.00 • \J*Wr^*g. a clearance of every
\ $45.00 and $40.00 Women's Suits. . . .$25.00 SZJmr^ trimmed haUn the de- h
I $35.00 and $30.00 Women's Suits. . . .$20.00 m TFffl$&* partment. 1 hesc prices |
i $25.00 and S20.00 Women's Suits . ... $1 5.00 //T 7^ ttl1 the St ° ry : I
t * _^* %m/~.~.~ i~ r>^ ¦¦'*.«.¦' V- $7.^0 Women's %
$ /<^-s^ ,.- «ip womcn 7 s coats . , tt . ' ">^ 7 *ox.(\ d
f IT^^S^i^ l^l?l ¦ rimmed Hats at $2.50 g
> J^^^^W^ O 9t Extpaopdi " $10.00 and $12.00 Trimmed Hats at. . . .$5:00 g
I <r^^^^? l FAX v Py~' ;^ nary LOW Prices Walking, Hats, fancy tailor felts, former J,
> Wm$Mi£w?± Kersey and Cheviot prices $5.00 and $6.00, at $1.50 |
I 1 1 <^mr7 Cloth Coats in medium Untrimmed mohair shapes, the sorts usu-
I illis MYivffi/' ¦ 11-1 • 1. . allv sold at $1,150 and $2.00: sale §
I mMflW/ ¦ and hght Weight mate " prices .,.:.......... .25c and 50c |
¥ iWW^sb rials; loose and fitted Unprecedentet j Eiderdown Robe Sale. |
\JMJk^. WS^ backs * Cape effects< tnm " A recent purchase of a largt |
?^^^^' ; " i&$ med with brass buttons • vLA^ nianufacturer's entire line §
5 •••• -oiu.uu : ¦ °^ . Women s Eiderdown $
I $12 & $15 Women's CoatS$7.50 Robes, at about half their g
t In zibeline and cheviot cloths, colors black and •"^Bffls."'' real worth. They are made |
I astor,madein the very newest styles. Never /Mil of a superb quality of heavy $
I before has such a value been offered by us. ¦#»« ripple eiderdown, with large |
g. Hundreds Of Dress Skirts. - ]§!$Mw\ sleeves and - collars, some I
g Made of cloths, cheviots, mixtures," tweeds and ®^S"ft trimmed with satin binding §
g other fabrics, in black and navy, trimmed with fA^^^^m -and contrasting- colors in jj
§ straps and taffeta bands j worth $12.50 and applique. g
g $15.00; -sale price . . .... . . '.,<>i . . .... . $7.50 &fii^||S4. $4.50, Eiderdown Robes; |
I Immense Sale of Crepe de Chine sale price. . .$2 .50 |
g . Waists $6.00 Eiderdown Robes; sale price.. . ..$2.95 "£
8 i _^ ' ... * , . . $7.00 Eiderdown Robes; sale price. ... .$3.50 i
« Every woman hkes pretty, daintv waists, I -r-- , 1 v, , t • en r»c S
io . ¦ • c t: ¦¦¦¦-"' "•„ , • $7oO Eiderdown Robes: sale price. ... .$3.95 §
8 and every woman in San /Francisco will be in- ¦ .- . . "^ . S
I terested to know where the choicest collection, is .A Special Glove Opportun.ty. \
0 iv.iv ltu v r> y We have arranged for an enormous sale of s
« shown. Our reputation for Waist selling is en- ,,r , n , j TT j j t--j /-r >
8 • ui Women s Dressed and Undressed Kid Gloves, <
g vl e ' .. inall shades and all sizes. We finnly believe
g On Sale Monday j the quality of these gloves is superior to any JS
j§ Crepe de chine Waists, beautifully made in ever offered; in this city at the price. . Warrant- <
-shades'- of pink, blue, white, black, with clabo- ed and fitted, value $1.25, at .85c pair <
rate lace trimming; usually sold at $7.50: sale Women's Handkerch'f Special Offering i
% price . . .....;... ........ ... . . ...... $3.95 Several thousand Sheer Lawii Handker-.^
1 Children's CoatS Greatly Re- chiefs/ lace trimmed, embroidered, hemstitched \
8 <\**^f*A and scalloped, values ranging up to 25c; vourj
•X _.. ,. ~ ¦ i „ choice at. lOc J
i« Zibeline Coats, ages 6 to 12 rears: usuallv \ t *> u. r* r> -j h ;
% c^ • • now _" . VtQQc -bilk Belts Greatly, Reduced. \
0 $7.50, ; now ,.....,....v ...... $j.jo ,\, n immense assortment of .Women's Silk "
1 Light weight Kersey, : Coats, ages 6 to 1 > • Belts, with exquisite oxidfzed and gilt buckles. ?
jg years; usually $10.00; now. .... . . $5.50 The 50c' kin^ on sale at. . . £ .... . . \ '. .. . ,25c |
S Brown and navy clotlv Coats, ages 6 to 12 -The 75c kind on sale at.*: .... ... .... . . V45c -\
g yearsVusually $12.50; now. . ... ... .$7.50 The$i.5O and Si. 00 kind on sale at. . . . . ;75c :
ffQ ¥^\ T^ fl \ 7^¥€2L J(P '# r?^W r^ Cor. Grant Avc.&. Geary St. ;
•P';M^k.« : JL— Jf. JL/m ; :y:l^;CX;:VJw»; Agents Royal Worcester Corssls .;
~ ADVEBTISEMENT^^^^^^^^^^^
'•
This week we will place on sale a large shipment of
"FRENCH CHIFFON SAMITE," 44 Inches wide in a
full line of the nsw colors for 1904. This Is an Im-
ported Silk ana Wool material or a fieautlful soft
and sheer texture and veru hloh silk luster. We
are showing two styles of this cloth-one plain, the
other a small dot effect.
Price $1.25 Yard
Fancy Wool Waistings.
Ourentlpa stock of FANCY WOOL WAISTINGS In Wool
Oxfords, Cheviots, Prunellas, Armures and Crepes in
a good Yarlet-g of colorings.
Reduced to 50c Yard
rennet prlcei 75o and 85c yd.
BlacK Dress Fabrics.
In our BLACK GOODS DEPARTMENT we Will
offer this weak 75 NOVELTY DRESS PATTERNS in
Strips! Camel's Hair, Panama Cloth, Camel's Hair.
Boucle, Nopp3 Zlhellne, Pebhle Camel's Hair and
Wire Cloth. \
At $7.50 Pattern
Xesrular value 810.50 and $12.50.
15 pieces BLACK "VOILE MISTRAL," 45 inches .wide.
Price 50c Yard
Secular price 73c yd.
All REMNANTS and SHORT LENGTHS of Colored and
Black Dress Goois marked at ahout half price.
l^r s~~*\ T"* IC^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
.TN V— i* A K— j All orders for samples or goods filled
— and shipped same day they are received.
111/113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
Have You Weak Eyes?
OR POOR SIGHT?
IF £O. USE GEORGE MATERLE'S GLASSES
AND GERMAN EYEWATER. /
The Wrong Glasses Will Ruin the
Strongest Eyes.
Neglected E>-es!ght Affect* the Brain. Cv,
BEWARE OF. INJURIOUS IMITATIONS.
GeorR» Maytrte't Glasses relieve the strain,
rest the eye, strengthen the optic nerve and
preserve the sight.
The genuine are Indorsed by the highest U. P.
Army. Navy and Government officials, ajid
must be ordered direct from George Mayetie,
German Expert . Optician. 1071 • Market street,
near Seventh.
German Eyewater, 60c; by mail. 62e.
EYES EXAMINED FREE
Glasses by Kxpress.on Trial before paying
charges.
j^i^TisonEyrs. SL^~
I THE BIG SAVING EVENT
I OF THE YEAR-OUR
P During which we dispose of odds and ends, broken lots, odd
I! sizes. All departments participate — Dress Goods, Silks,
] Cloaks, Suits, Waists, Household Goods, Art Goods, Under-
jj wear. Hosiery, etc, etc
p In many instances the price reductions arc half.
B 6Sc Camel's Hair Zibelmes 23c Yard
Is Kerr.nanis of Camels Hair Zibelines — 38 inches wide; full range
\i nf latest colorings; suitable for the new long coat suits. A good
if quality^ worth from 50c to 65c a yard. Pieces run from 4 7 O~
\\ to loyards. Remnant Sale price, j-ard
p 60c English Oxford Checks 25c Yard
H R«rnanis of English Oxford Checks— These arc the genuine
|| British checks, made in Bradford. England. Come in three dif-
L; ferrm fire checks. Width 40 inches, in lengths suitable for shirt
•5i waists, children's school dresses and summer outing suits, con-
K tuning from 2 to 9 yards. Regular 60c quality. Remnant 2*)C
\ I Sale price, yard
I 50c Oxford Cheviot Waistings 19c Yard
li Remnants of Oxford Cheviot .Waistings— in lengths of 2 to 6
H vards; just the thing for summer wash waists. In plain, dice,
11 fancy cream and colored stripe cfTects— full 27 Inches wide. 1Q C
\i Regular 50c kind. Remnant Sale price J '^
I $1.00 Alpacas 49c Yard
,1 Remnants of Iron Frame Alpaces— Full 52 inches wide: has a
I! Ttr>' glossy silk finish, in shades of new blues: garnets, golden
Ij browns, silver grays, navys, reds and rich fast black. Extra heavy
J] iron frame weave;'remnants run from 1 V 2 to 9 yards. Sells off the .
jj bolt for $1.00 a yard. Remnant sale price, per vard 49c
I 75c taiJetas 35c Yard
H 19-inch all silk Taffetas, in cerise, royal, blue, navy, garnet.
I! cardinal, mauve, rnajema. cvam. amethyst and black, a splendid
1 1 silk for fining? and stiffs. Worth 50c and 75c a yard Rem- JJ C
IJ T.ant Sale price
1 85c Black Taffeta 55c Yard
H 27-inch Black Taffeta, a good 85c value. Remnant Sale
I $1.25 BlacK Peav dc Soic 89c Yard
I- 2 j -inch heavy Black Peau de Soic. a splendid bargain. QQ C
(1 Regularly Si. 25 per yard. .Remnant Sale price vs%*
$ 60c Sheets 42c Each
l\ A splendid sheet, size 81x72 inches; heavy bleached mus- AOq
El lin, good value at 60c. Remnant Sale price .'. tv^w
I] 15c Pillow Cases 9c Each
H Made of heavy soft finished muslin; size 45X3*5 inches, with
1 1 ;A-idc hem. Sold regularly at 15c each. Remnant Sale price Q
M ' • ¦
I $1.50 Comforters 95c
[i Full size, filled with best white fluffy cotton, free from QS^
M shoddy or waste. Regularly $i.=;o. Remnant Sale price JO\*
[I 20c Taifcta Ribbons 10c Yard
|] Luster Taffeta Ribbon, the quality so mucli in "demand at the
1 1 present time for neckwear, in white, cream, light blue, nink, tur-
I <juoise ann black. Wid'h 4 inches. Regular 20c quality. 1()f
I j Rannant Sale price, vard * ** *"
ij $1.50 Kid Gloves 95c Pair
h American Queen Kid Gloves. One of our leading makes.
I' Always sell regularly at Si. 50 a pair. Remnant Sale price QC*
I j St* *"
P 50c Cushion Top, BacK and Ruffle 19c
i j Tinted Cushion Tops in an entirely new design, and arc easily
\f worked. Top, back and Tuflle sell regularly for 50c. Rcm- IQ^
H rant Sale price *¦-"'.
§ Ladies' 25c Handkerchiefs 9c
\'\ Ladies' Embroidered edge Handkerchiefs, all new designs, in'
j! fine quality material, considered a good value *at 25c each., q
\\ Remnant SaJe price -***
y 15c Spun Glass Lining lie Yard
|J Spun Glass Lining — A good quality, suitable for dresses and
\ waists, in every shade, black or white.. Regular 15c quality. 11f>
« .Remnant Sale price - **+'
I Reductions on Suits
' Zzo.oo Suits reduced to $J>..">O
{ ".'.' ' $25-00 Suits reduced to $14.50
S3Q.00 Suits reduced to $19.:»0
$40.00 Suits reduced to $12."5.OO
It $60.00 Suits reduced to $40. OO
Seductions on Coats
$10.00 Coats reduced to $4 .*>•"»
$15.00 Coats reduced to $7 f»O
$20.00 Coats reduced to !j51,!t.7J»
S25.00 Coats reduced' to ij&ilB.OO
S3500 Velour Coats ij*14.7r»
$40.00 Coals reduced to $19. 75
Reductions on Skirts
~\ $6.00 Dress Skirts ' 94 Air*
$1200 Dress Skirts reduced to 98.OO
S5.00 Walking Skirts reduced to ••. .$:$.S5 *
; So.so Walking Skirts reduced to '.lf»J5.J>5
$1.50 Sateen Skirts ..J)5c
Deductions on Waists
$3.00 Waists reduced to *. . . .'. ..51.5O
$4.00 Flannel Waists reduced to $2.OO
$6.00 Flannel Waists reduced to ...$^.7.*I
; ' $7.00 Velvet Waists reduced to .?3.I)fi
i$i.5O Dressing Sacques reduced to O5c
Special SflK Waist Offering
Our entire line of Silk Waists that sold for $7.00 <£ j *7 IZ
H and $6.00 on sale at Witt?
ADVERTISEIOaiTS.
• •••¦• »••••• ••••••• •••••«
Oriental Goods j
; At Wholesale Prices
' we Offax Our Snttra £ztr» 3riaa Col*
lactioa or
Oriental Ruirs
AND CURTAINS ::
At 25 Per Cent 1
Slscouat imm rtfolar ratal! prio««.
"We are sola agent* for ',
t JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
]Chas.M.Plum&Co.
5 Cor. 9th and Market Sts.-
? ¦ ¦
We are again'in our build-
ing at
Market and I Oth Streets
with a clean-, up-to-date
1 stock of vehicles.
I— -_The position of superintendent of
the Almshouse, held by W. J." Kelly,
at 1200. per month,, and the [ position
ot matron of the Almshouse, now held
CHANGES ORDERED IX
ALMSHOUSE AFFECT
ALL ITS BRANCHES
Experts Find That the City Has Seven
Cents Over _- Amount. Called for/
)'¦¦ by . Ledger. ',_ -
Treasurer John McDougald and his
deputies were . engaged yesterday in
the difficult .task of counting the
money stored in. the* vaults of the City
and County Treasurer's office. . The
count was made: in the presence, of
Frank L. Gilbert, representing - the
National Surety ¦ Cohxpany of . New
York, and Harry .Baehr, Auditor of
the city and county.. ,v
Upon V summing .up the- moneys on
hand it was discovered that there was
7 cents to the credit of the city. .Fol
lowing is a list of the amounts in the
vault:. , , s . • .
In twenties, $2,407,060; in tens,
$2160:: in- fives, $3690;: in onesj: $42,
249; in pieces.:; $1459 50;., in
25-ce'nt .pieces, $1860; v In,. 10-cent
pieces, $2365: jn'5-cerit pieces, $1010;
in coppers, $4 78; in currency, $108,
1S2; in checks," $62 30; in demands,'
$17,419 13.= - V' • ¦¦¦:.¦-. ..,'..-'-
The - total amdunt'in- the' vaults "is
$2,593i511 T 7.1.'. . The . ledger .balance."
calls for $2;593.511 64. , ;
' The clerks '.began .counting t'at '10
o'clock in the morning and. finished at
4 o'clockiin- the, afternoon.
McMuiTay" Is Removed.
. Policeman 1 H.' McMurray,- who < has
been attached^to' the California Society,
for the i Prevention of Cruelty ¦ to v Chil
dren" for many ty. ear*.- • will* report for
street duty to Captain Spillane to-mo'r-
TREASURER'S DEPUTIES . :
• v COUNT CITY'S FUNDS
RAIL LAYING RECORD IX
STATE FOR IiAST YEAR
Report of New Construction Work
Done on Various California Roads
During 1903 Is Prepared.
'According to data in ; the possession
of the State Railroad Commission,
California Is credited with the con
struction.of 169.55 miles of railroad
during the year Just ended. ; This mile
age is accredited as follows:
Butte County. Railroad (Diamond
Match : Company), from Chlco to
Coutellne, 23 miles; California North
western. Willits to Christine, 10 miles:
Guerneville to Camp ..'Vacation. •' 4
miles; -Eureka and Klamath River,
Camipa to~ Luff enholz.S miles; Oakland
and East Side (Santa Fe). Oakland to
Richmond. _ 11:50 miles; Port Angeles
and Pacific,' 6 f miles; .4 San 'Francisco
and Northwestern .(Santa Fe), Burnell
to Carlotta, 3.50 miles; San' Pedro, Los
"Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad, . Dag
gett eastward, • 40 miles; Peaiey to
Riversidfe, I miles ; Sunset Railroad
(Santa Fe), Sunset to Maricopa, 2.60
miles; \ Southern Pacific,, Montalav'o
branch. ''¦¦. Chatswofth Park ' and Bur
bank,' -16.95 miles; 'Old, Beach to Im
peria, 28 miles. '.'¦"''.¦'''.?
Turn Vercin Elects Officers.
The San Francisco Turn Verein has
elected the following named officers
for the ensuing six months: President,
F. Attinger; vice president, F. Zecher;
recording secretary, J. Kuhn; corre
sponding secretary. A. Brand; finan
cial secretary, A. Bergmann; treasur
er, F. Jacoby; sergeant at arms. W.
Gerke; first librarian. G. Gehrkeua;
second librarian, F._ Fortmann: first
leader, F. Attlngcr Jr.; second leader,
C. Schiehlng; trustee, Oscar Hock3;
officers of the sick fund. A. Festec. F.
Fortmann. H. Meanet. G. A. Troat and.
C. K. Zimmer; president of officers of
elections. H. Stleber.
WEATHER BUREAU ' REPORTS
* /. BIG STORM .BREWING
Passes.^Worthless Checks.
S. Lubfln, 960 Howard street, swore
to.'a; complaint* in Police Judge Ca
baiiiss" court , yesterday charging S.
Mehr with /obtaining money " by false
pretenses. Lubflnallegcs that on Jan
uary 2 'he, cashed a check for Mehr
for" 573 drawn' on the First National
Bank* and found that Mehr had no ac
count there. . Mehr was arrested, in
Sacramento, on Thursday, for passing
worthless checks and he is also want
ed in* Santa -Rbsa-V-J';'. .
Officers Arc Nominated.
The annual election of the Chamber
of Commerce will -take place in th<»
Newhall building rtext Tuesday after-,
noon. The ticket, to which there, is
no opposition, is as follows: G. A".
Xewhall. president; £. It. Dimonri,
vice president: C. H. Bentlcy, second
vice president: F. L. Brown. W. J.
?Dutton.-J. A. Folg-r? W. L. - Gerstle,
H. P. Jennings. H. D. Loveland. W. H.
Marstop, T. Rickard, Jamsa Roiph
Jr., H. Rosenfold. J. B. Smith and W.
K. Wheeler, trustees. • :
Professor ;3IcAdIe Says It Will Sweep
State, Resulting' in Great Benefit
to the Crops.
Professor: McAdle. of the .Weather
Bureau -reports^ that, from all general
Indlcations^the flurry of- a' great; storm
center is brewing on* ..the . northern
coast.- The barometer" is falling', fast.
Reports nil tend to point" that the
storm' In all' probability . will-, sweep
over. the entire State! evento the most
southern '. portions.' which, at the : mo
ment, are greatly* in need of rain. -If*
thesV Indications \ proye, to be* true the
storm Vwill -be of v incalculable value' to
the State; running' into millions of doN
lars, as great crops will.be Insured.
. George- Okugawai restaurant keep
er,, Oakland, filed, a 'petition^in insol
vency ./yesterday' in United - Stales
District *: Court. . He '$345: and
has $80 assets. ' ' : . . "'^ :
1 nsolvcnt Restaurant ' Man.
Eppinger "Suit Dismissed.
. _\t. the: United States Circuit Court
ye&terday the } suit of the Bank . of
Monterey, vs.: Henry Wadsworth as re
ceiver in the bankruptcy Estate of Ep
pinKer; &-Co..~was dismissed by stip
ulation. The; stipulation 'did not state
the -terras .of the -dismissal, but .they
are the fame as those . on which the
suit of the American Bank against the
same defendant was dismissed some
weeks agro*. '-
Attacks His Landlady.
Mrs. Birdie Joseph, who -has a lodg
ing-'house at 590 Stevenson street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judgo
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest of
William Graham on a charge of bat
tery- She said she- went v to Graham*.*
room on Friday and asked him for hii
rent. He struck her on the face, black
ening her eyes and knocking her down.
While she lay on the floor ha kicked
iier on the ribs and abdomaa.
"One-half ¦ ward to be used aa a ma-j;
ternlty ward for th« use of all physi-
On motion of Dr. Stinson the exist
"ing rules governing the City and
County Hospital were abrogated and
a- . new set of rules were adopted.
These provide for a special maternity
ward and for representation of the
eclectic school In the force of visit
ing physicians.
Dr. Stinson and Dr. Harvey were
appointed a committee to draft rules
for the conduct of other Institutions
under the board's charge.
Secretary Emery filed a written, pro^
test against what he termed an unjust
and Illegal act in abolishing the posi
tlon^of secretary. He will contest his'
remoVal in .the^ courts.
The following*. Introduced by Dr. Po
heim, was adopted:
"Resolved, That until further or
der of the board the ratio for the ap
portionment of. patients at . the City
and County Hospital shall ' be as * f ol;
lows:
•¦To the physicians representing the
University of California, five wards (in
cluding, the San Francisco polyclinic,
one ward). ¦ .
"To the physicians j representing 'the
Cooper Medical College of San Fran
cisco, three and a half wards.
'.'To the physicians representing the
College of Physicians and Surgeons'bf
San Francisco, • two wards.
"To the. physicians representing the
Hahemann Medical College of the Pa
cific, two wards. , . '
"To the physicians representing the
California Medical College! one ward. .;
The position ctf. commissary, held
by William Ross, was declared va
cant, and F. Julian appointed at the
same salary, $100 per month.
The position of outside foreman,
held by P. J. Kelly, was declared va
cant and F. J. PJopper appointed such
at 550 per month.
E. H. Coffee was appointed apothe
cary of the Almshouse at a salary of
$75 per month.
The position of nurse, held by J.
Nlckson, was declared vacant and
Clara Lawton appointed at the same
salary of $40 per month.
The uosition of clerk of the Aims
house, held by George J. Berger, was
abolished.
by J. T. Kelly at 560 per month, were
declared vacant. and Frank A.
Schmitz was appointed superintend
dent and Mrs. Frank A. Schmitz was
appointed matron at -the same sala
ries. Kelly filed his resignation with
the board, which was accepted.
A. M. Currie was appointed assist
ant superintendent of the Almahouse
at a salary of $100 per month.
. W. E. Conlan, M. D., incumbent,
was reappointed resident physician
at the Almshouse at $125 per month.
row and his place will be taken by Po
liceman William H. Young. Chief
Wittman in announcing the change
yesterday said that McMurray had not
been attending to his duties recently
with that zeal which he had previously
displayed. Young has been in the de
partment for twelve years and is an
efficient and painstaking officer.
Dr. Q. F. Brackett, who was appoint
ed chief emergency surgeon, is already
on his way "East to study the methods
in various emergency hospitals there.
He was granted a leave of absence by
the Health Board and his duties will
be assumed by Dr. J. I. Stephen, who
was 1 appointed first assistant and act-,
ing qhief emergency surgeon. ..
Louis Levy, who was appointed as
sistant health officer, will' perform the
duties hitherto performed by Secretary
Emery. He*is a well known newspaper
man and is, in. every way qualified- for
the position..-- .- . '
clans of the. various staffs, of the hos
pital." •£
Dr. Joseph Pohbim. the new member
of the Health Board, is 27 years of age
and was bom in this city. He was
graduated in medicine in 1898 from the
Cooper Medical College. He has "just
returned from a four years'" trip to
Europe, where he completed a course
in the Stephania Hospital in Vienna,
He is a son of Joseph Poheim, who
has been in business here f$r thirty
years. ,*
PHYSICIAN NAMED' BT MAYOR SCHMITZ AS ONE OF THE NEW MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF HEALTH.
AND SOME OF THOSE WHOHAVE BEEN APPOINTED TCTDESIRABLE POSITIONS. IN THE VARIOUS
BRANCHES OF THE DEPARTMENT. ' -. . '
. Isador Golden, who was appointed
by Governor Pardee to the office of
Justice of the Peace of this" city made
vacant by the election of Percy V.
Long to the office of City Attorney, is
at least entitled to possession of Long's
courtroom, according to a decision ren
dered by Judge Muraaky yesterday.
The court dissolved the injunction re
straining Golden from interfering with
Walter E. Dorn, who was app6inte<l
Justice of the Peace by the Board of
Supervisors, in his possession of the of
fice. Judge Murasky. who issued the
injunction upon application of. Dorn,
dissolved it. on the ground that Dorn
failed to prove his claim that he was
in possession of the office at the time
the complaint was filed.
The decision is a direct slap at the
methods pursued by Dorn and his at
torney, former Assistant City At
torney Sims. Dorn . was not ap
pointed until forty-eight hours
after Golden had received his
commission from the Governor and
had ¦ served a dav as Justice of the
Peace. After Golden had been in un
disputed possession for a day and de
parted. Dorn and his attorney secured
a key to the place, rushed Into it and
out acain to the chambers of Judge
Murasky and secured, by/Vepresenting
that they had possession of the prem
ises, an injunction restraining Golden
from interfering with them. The next
morning they took the place by force
from Golden and when he objected
they coolly presented him with the
order of court directing him to keep
his hands off. ,
Murasky'a decision, though it doe3
not decide the merits of the Mayor's,
the Board of Supervisors' or the Gov
ernor's claims to the right to make the
appointment, effectually 'disposes of
Dora's Immediate interest In the posi
tion. The opinion handed down with
the decision is as follows: '
, "I am convinced from the established
facts of the: case that when plaintiff's
complaint was filed he was not in. pos
session'of"' the . office of Justice of the
p"eace; that 'defendant.. Golden, was
then the de facto officer; that there can
be only onede facto^offlcer; that pos
session of the office under color of au
thority is necessary to sustain a claim
for the relief herein invoked, 1 and that
therefore -the -motion -to dissolve shcruld
beffrantea. It 4s so ordered."
Voters residing in San Francisco
should bear in mind that all registra
tions for the general election of 1302
and the local election of 1903 have been
canceled, and a • new registration for
the Presidential election of the year la
required by law. Voters can now reg
ister. The office of Registrar George
P. Adams, at the City Hall, is open
daily from 8:20 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Moreover, it should be borne in mind
by citizens, irrespective of party affilia
tion, that a primary election to choose
delegates to State and district conven
tions will be held In San Francisco on
Tuesday. May Z, 1904. These State and
district conventions will select dele
gates to attend the national conven-'
tions. Registration for the May pri
mary is now open and will not close
until April 13. A voter who fails to
register before the last named dat«?
will not be allowed to participate in
the May primary election. A voter
who resristers before April 13 will not
be required to re-register in order to
cast his vote in the Presidential elecr
tlon next November. The early regis
tration will also entitle him to particK
pate in the May and August primary
elections.
Section 13T3 of the amended elec
tion law makes the May primary
mandatory in the cities of San Fran
cisco, IjOS Angeles, Oakland. Sacra
mento. San Jo»c. San Diego. Stockton,
Alamcda, Berkeley, Fresno, Pasadona.
and Vallejo. Registrar Adams is mak
ing all necessary preparation for the
enrollment of voters. It is understood
that the amended law will not be ques
tioned In court by the goveroJifg body
of. any political party In this State.
Voters 3Inst Be Enrolled Anew
in Order to Participate in
the Elections of This Year
Judge Murasky Dissolves In-
junction Restraining: Him
From Interfering With Dorn
GOLDEN GAINS
AN ADVANTAGE
REGISTRATION
FOR PRIMARY
The Board of. Education met yes
terday morning to install the ' newly
appointed members. Superintendent
of Schools Langdon called the meet
ing to order, saying that it had been
called for the purpose of reorganiz
ing the board.
The retiring director, Thomas P.
Woodward, introduced his successor,
Thomas F. Boyle, in a brief speech.
Mr. Boyle responded, saying it would
be his earnest endeavor to co-operate
with his asociates in working for the
good of the School Department and to
reflect credit on Mayor Schmitz's ad
ministration. Director Lawrence F.
Walsh, who succeeds himself, also
presented his commission and took
his seat.
On motion of Director Mark, sec
onded by Director Walsh. Director
Rontovieri was unanimously elected
president of the board. Mark said
that Roncovieri possessed all the nec
essary qualifications for the position.
Secretary Barrett was instructed to
The board by resolution changed
the time of Its regular meetings from
Wednesday at 2 p. m. to Thursday
at 3 p. m.
No action was taken on the appoint
ment of a successor to Thomas Egan
as storekeeper of the Board of Edu
cation, as Egan, who is slated for
light and water Inspector, will not as
sume his new duties under the Board
of Works until February 1. Otis M.
Tupper's resignation from the latter
office taking effect on January 31
cast the ballot for President Ronco
vieri, who thanked his associates in a
graceful speech for the honor be
stowed upon him.
"Director Boyle was constituted a
committee on public school buildings
and grounds and was authorized to
sign requisitions on the Board of
Public Works.
Director Walsh was constituted a
committee on supplies and authorized
to sign all requisitions pertaining to
the general supplies of the School De
partment.
The position of matron at the City
and County Hospital, held by M. Han
ley, was declare^ vacant, and Julia
Kan« is appointed^ matron, salary 560.
The position of ambulance driver at
the City and County Hospital. ¦ held by
J. J\ Johnson at $60 per month, was de
clared vacant and Harry Rix appointed.
The position of baker at the City and
County Hospital, held by P. Gallagher,
was declared vacant and M. A. Kopp
appointed, /salary $80 a month.
The ix>sition of J. . V.. Thompson as
orderly at the hospital at $65 per month
was declared vacant, and Thomas
Reardon appointed. -.*..*,
The position of commissary at the
City and County Hospital, held by J.
E. O'Brien at a salary of .^125 per
month, was declared vacant, and F. S.
Ward was appointed to the place.
The position of apothecary at the City
and County Hospital, held by "W. M.
Stanton at a salary of 5100 per month,
was declared vacant, and J. H. Huba
chek was appointed. • >*
The position of assistant apothecary
at the City and County Hospital, held
by R. O. Burnett, was declared vacant,
and J. F. Kelly was appointed, salary
v'S a month. !
The position of X-ray operator at the
hospital,/ held by F. Graham, was abol
ished. ¦ - : - . .
"Resolved, further, that the ofHee of
resident physician, now held by B. F.
McElroy, be declared vacant, to take
effect January Cl, ISO*, and that In ac
cordance with the new rules governing
said City and County Hospital the in
terne selected by competitive examina
tion, as provided in feald rules, be ap
pointed resident physician from Feb
ruary 1. 1904. without salary, as in said
rules provided."
The positions of clerk of the City and
County Hospital, held by D. Wolfe, arid
assistant clerks, held by J. N. Barry
and E. A. Calegari3, were abolished.
The following, introduced by Dr. Har
vey, was adopted:
"Resolved. That in accordance with
the rules and regulations this day
adopted for the government of the City
and~<Tounty Hospital the following of
ficers be appointed: Warden, J. N. El
bcrt, 5200; assistant warden and cus
todian, James P. McQuaide, $125; re
ceiving secretary. Dr. B. P. Ehrlick,
$100.
OFFICEKS NAMED TO
SUPERVISE THE CITY
A.VI> COUVTi" HOSPITAL
It was further resolved that the fol
lowing be appointed to the various po
sitions in the Emergency Hospital ser
vice connected with their respective
names:
Chief S-jrce^r.— G*<-,rge F. Brr.ckett. $175.
FIiTt assistant and acting chief surgeon---J.
I. Stephen. I12T.. •
Assistant «urReons. S10O each — C. F. Millar,
W. K. Stevens, G. H. Hoskowitz. Oeorge Paint
er, C. G. Wilson. C B. Plnkham. Reuben E.
Kill. George K. Hrrzog, J. W. ven Werthern.
Assistant stewards. S70 each— James O'Dea,
\V. Heffprnan. Homer Hay?, A. Camous, W.
Mandeville and John Devere.
Matrons, f*> each— N. K. Wynne. K. . C.
Wynne. A. B. Andrew, B. Pwett. R. Kane.
G. Cussen. M. Davidson, A. Dwyer. Floyd
Cannon and Marsaret f-heehey.
AI'POIXTED TO PliACES
IN THE EMERGENCY
HOSPITAL SER^CE
Asbietant steward!". $T0 each — E. L. Ber
trand, C Mahoney. C. r>. I^dbetter, J. W.
Peck. Janies O'Dca and W: Heffernan.
Resolved. That the offices cf the following
matron*, at the .«alarv of 580 per month, ba
declared vacant: H. E. VTynne, A. E. Andrew.
K. C Wynre, A. Dwyer, E. Swett. A. Hart. R.
Kane, j" L. Buesenlus, R. McLean, N. Mc-
Grath and G. Cussfn.
Assistant purpeors. Sloa each — W. P. Har
ney. C. F. Millar. G. A. Y.'eyer. W. E. Stevens,
J. W. I^eonaH. C M. Armistead. G. H. Bosko
witr. T. D. Maher. J. D. Murphy and Georte
Painter. _ ¦
U-.e stuff of lh« centra! office of the Board of |
Health of th» city and cc-jnty of Sa.n Francisco. I
respectiTd/ ttendimfter set opposite their vi- j
ri'>us names, at th" t^alatles provided. That i
said appointment*. w>Ve effect forthwith upon ,
the ad'ution of this resolution, to wit:
Urolth Officer. U. K. Raean. M. I>.. $200 .
li^puty Hraliti Oincer. 1>ol'!s t^evy ISO }
District Health <->fflo«-ni > J. F. Dillon.
' M. D. A. *¦• Adl-r, M. D.. and FVank
J. Tillrr.in M. D.. each 150;
City rh>siviar..«. O. P. Purlenky and T. »>
A. Uottanzi, M. D., each 125:
A»>istatit City Physician. B. M. Hinkle.. 100;
Clr.it Insp'ctln* Physician, W. C. Hass- |
ler. M. D I' 5 !
Inspecting l J hy?iciars. <J. W. Goodale. M.
1> Walter Jaikson. M. D.. C. A. mover.
ii \>.. and William J. Walsh. M. D.,
e?ch 1"°
Bact"ricIoEist. F. O. Ca.nr.ey. M. D 150
Chemist <m-diean A. C Hothe. M. D 12a
Chemist lind'-striait. H c nr-- C. Costa 125
i"himist helper. TZ. Q. Kendall »5
clerks. Mrt=. M. Turner and P. Hennesy.
e ? ch • X 2?
Mess-enper L.. Monaco *•»
Plumbinp In«pector«. P. Mulligan. W. D.
Hobro and T. A. easterly, each 1-3
ilarUet Ir-->cctors. Thomas F. McESiroe,
W. II. Jordar. J. Brown and .1. Rcgran,
tah .. ..• JS?i
Chief Food Inferior. W. It. Robertson.. 1-5
Food Inspector*- Thon>ai« P. Lydon. E. T.
Unrphy. J. V. Clasvy and J. T. Sllvera. |
Dairy InioVrtori " kV C. "Smith* 90 j
Fartcrv- and Workshop Inspector, Henry I
Miller —¦;-,••
Di«interment Inspector. I^awrence Walsh. <ft
Keyolved. That the following positions in the
Emergency Hospital service be and the same |
are hereby declared vacant:
Ciiief surgeon — E. Bunnell, $175. ',
Action Affects the Tenure of Subordinates in Gen-j
eral Office, City and County Hospital, Alms- j
house and Emergency Department. . ;
Dr«. Hu&hes and Stinaon then intro
•dur*»d the following: resolutions, which
T.*r» adopted, relative to the abolish
ing end creation of new positions:
B«o1twJI That the followins offices and po
**it(Mis hwtofore created by the Board «_
U"«Hh.sre hereby abolished:
OffW— Monthly Salarr.
Secretary. Junifs A. Emrry JSW
Assistant- trcret&n". J- W/. Cameron 1-3
On* clerk FVank Stan*. on -1 "0
Ftetistician. IVlward J. Ooffey 150
Ascisttnt chemist. F. Brandt 100
Toxlcologist Dr. Morjrsn 100
fT.lrf Plumbing Inspector. .T. J. Sullivan. l.'<0
«"hSaf Sanitary Inspector. W. Ha«.«lrr '.'CO
Six Sanitary Inspectors <$IC0 per month
~ exeM 600
Two Market Inspectors <$100 per month
•*ch» -25
<Jii» Dairy Inspector so
On* Clrar Factory In*jwctor 100
Ftfcr Food Inspector* fJlOO per month
• each) |
Total pr month • •« 51D
Total per icnttm »i0,180
positions created.
Reso:>,e<l That the followias new poeitlom i
arn-i r.T?,c~s'be and they are hereby creat-d:
Offire— Monthly Salary.
Om Deputy Health Officer ......'$150
Thm DlfTirt Health Officers <$1K) per
month earh> ••••
One lr«iuEtrial Chemist J-S
On? City Phyeictan '~»
One Chl-f tnrv^nir.K Physician .......... 1.5
rour Insxx-ctin* Physicians <$100 per
month *ach> • • 'O*
Two Milk Inspectors <5100 P«" month
radii 2M
Tun Factory snd r/orksho? Inspectors
$100 r-'i month each) • "w
Total pfr month $l.K5
n»r?>]\»d T»-»t tb" following reductions be
tr.«d» in sularier: Health from $250
p»r nrvrith to J200; «.'ity Pby5ic4an. from J15»
to $1»5 r*r month :.ch'\W«<t. from $150 per
•%nomh ;o *125: «7hi<*f • Food Inspector, from
11*0 to, $12r» r*r nvmth.
U»*olv»<5. That the foJlenlnj; ealnrie. b«
ralw-d: Eskerj-. Rath-honse and I.*<in<iry In
?p^cfor. . Jrcm S7T> to. S10O pr month:- three
' Plumbing Ics-rectors. from J115 to J1C5 per
month. - - 'r . . *•
Revived. That the folloivinir offlres and po
fcitioiw 1>* and they %re hereby declared vacant.-
Thlf reeotutloo to take effect forthwith:
HeeJtli Officer. A. r. O'Brien $250
Ba<-terioloplst. H. Morrow .; ISO
< tiemivt, F. T. Irren. 1W»
Ch^mlrt hvlt+T. P.A'. Hatter... : 75
City Physician.- •>¦ G. ' Morrtsejr -.... ISO.
AssiEtiist- City Phyeictan.' B. M. Hlnlde. 1O) ]
nijilnfectw. K. Mottr, ' 100 '
niFtnfector. T. O..Ma<ulr« " ino •
Haken' inspector. E. G. Meiers 75
Cemetery Inspector..!,. TVaUh 73
NAMES OF APPOINTEES.
BeaolTed, That the folloWlnr b« and ther are
hereby *r painted , to the varlotia position* or
»
PLACES 4N' BOARD'S
OFFICE ABOLISHED
AND CREATED ANEW
The new Board of Health yesterday j
effected a radical reorganization of j
the various departments under its im
mediate supervision by removing from |
'their positions more than fifty em- i
ployes. To accomplish its declared j
policy of retrenchment the board
abolished certain positions pronounced
unnecessary by Mayor Schmitz in his !
'Veto message of th»* last municipal j
•"budget. A number of new positions \
•were created and appointments there- j
to made, while other pieces were de- j
dared vacant and the successors to I
(those thus ousted were immediately j
appointed.
The upheavals among: the employes !
.affected even' department under the
board's control, including the general j
office. City and County Hospital, j
Aimshouse and Emergency Hospitals j
and the appointments confirmed In J
ever>* instance the advance informa- i
Tien given in The Call, including: Dr. j
D. F. Rapan, Health Officer: Dr. G.
F. Brackeit, Chief Sur- j
peon; Dr. T. A. Rottanzl. City Physi- J
cian; Frank A. Schmitz. Superinten
dent of the Almshouse; Mrs. Frank A.
Srhmitz. matron of the Almshouse. |
and John N. Elbert, warden of the City I
and County Hospital.
There were present at the meeting
Dr. James W. Ward, the senior mem- j
ber, who called the meeting to-or
*der; Dr. J. C. Stinson, Dr. TV. A.
Harvey. Dr. John V. Hughes and Dr.
Joseph F. Poheim, the last three :
named beinc new members, who pre
sented their commissions sitned by
Mayor Schmitz and took their seats.
The first official act of the board
was to receive as a member President
Herbert Schmitz of the Board of
¦Works, who te ex-officio a member of
the Board of Health, to succeed Com
missioner Casey.
Mayer Schmitz had previously an
nounced the appointment of Dr. Jo
seph Francis Poheim as a member of
the Board of Health to succeed Dr. W. j
T>* Letrltt, who resigned. The latter's
resignation was brief and as fol
lows:
/'Hon. Z. E. Schmitz — Sir: I hereby:
tender my resignation as a member of j
.the Board of Health of the city and j
county of San Francisco and request
that th* same be accepted. Yours re
spectfully. "W. B. LEWITT, M. D.
•January 8, 1904."
The Health Board then effected or
ganization by electing Dr. James W.
XX*ard . president by acclamation for i
: ihe ensuing year. Dr. Ward paid a {
'tribute to Mayor Schmitz. who. he
/said. -had been defined worthy of the
confidence of the people.
"The reorganization of the Health
TVpartment has been effected on the
']Wes of efficiency and economy," said
' W^rd^ "There are change* in the
main office alone that will effect a
f-avir.s of $3900 y.early.
Effects Reorganization by Unanimously Electing
School Director Roncovieri to .Be President for
the Ensuing Term of One Year.
Small Army of Employes Removed From Positions
Which Are Declared Vacant and New Places Are *
Created, to Which Appointments Are Made.
Board of Education Installs Two Newly Appointed
Members, Thomas F. Boyle and Lawrence F.
¦Walch, Who Were Named by Mayor Schmitz.
THE new Board of Health began its term of office yesterday by inaugurating an upheaval in the various .depart a small army of employes, who were summarily
removed from their positions. The board abolished "numerous positions, created many new ones and rewarded men who had taken an active interest in Mayor Schmitz's recent campaign by appointing them to the positions
thus created. The fact that a number of the positions abolished were under civil service did not deter the board in. its policy of effecting a complete reorganization oHts various branches, an d thereby effecting a saving of ap
proximatelv $io.ooo yearly in salaries. '• , . '¦ . % ; • - - . - >^
MAYOR SCHMITZ'S NEW BOARD OF HEALTH INAUGURATES ITS
REIGN BY WHOLESALE REMOVALS OF SUBORDINATE OFFICIALS
Pages 354048
Pages 35 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO/ SUNDAY/ JANUARY 10, 1904.
' ' ' _ 1 1 ¦ I ' • "WINNER OF THE FOLLAXSBEE
HANDICAP, CHIEF EVENT AT
OAKLAND YESTERDAY.
OAKI.AKD RACETRACK— SATURDAY, Jan. 9. Weather fine. Track fast
0078. FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index I Horee and Owner. »• WtjSt. ?4 . %. 94. Str. Fin, j JockeT! OpT cT.
%6CC Ffl^v k^"; 0^^-- ,? IiIU T ) 7 7 •'• * "' 3 H 1 n 11% Hlidebrlnd T'uTs
•tooo L.ady Kent, a (T. Wellman). 1W l ... 2 K 2 IU,'> O U" 7 Poll • •* •» i •>
.... Abbey^tead. 4 (T. E. Jones). . IOC 11- .. 11 11 10 1 10 •> T Rutler 10 100
5653 lueno Belle. 5 QVashoe Stable) 99j 4 .'. ! " n 6 n 11 11 " icVosfwrite!' 30 80
Tlme-:25 . :«U.- £tUI.^ At post 1 minute. Off at 2:14. Abbott, place. 7-10; show.
k?h«. r P Iac< Vl 0; ehow - 1-3- Rinaldo. ehow. 5-2. Winner, b. f. by Puryear D
TWrd dHvVnTh T J a ' n ??.^' y v R - P- MllIer - Start good. Won very easily. Second easUy.
SivKfnt g T.»« Hlldfcbrand on winner got through next the rail and ran over
sgjwfjagg^asas ss! gsajgggjs^g * l Beniash piayed a
RO7O. SECOXD RACE— 5^ furlongs; selling ; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. r,25.
Indexl Horse and Owner. JWtjSt. K. %.Mi. Str. Fin. I Jockey. \~Qp. CU
|| ;gSS 'M !S i ::: I Uuili i?""^ ~l~l
as te^ s ,f |^ a !|i|sp i| ! f i? "- :::: i ? . "%
SS BSj^m.rg- AS^:: IS I -::: -I '» i ? { ' I' £• JSt S £
Tlm tr : . 24^- :4!) ' V 07^- At p08t l minute. Off at 2:40. Yellowstone nlace 3- show 6-5
A\atcrpower place. 7-5; show. 3-6. Laura, show. 1-5. Winner en h by Rev Fl
S:inta Anita-Florilla. Trained by \V. P. Fino. ScraU-hed-Brennus Start fair Won
50SO. THIRD RACE-Slx fu^SsT^lU^gTTy^aT^l^^
index | Horse and Owner. jWtjSt. V4 j^H-^^Str. Fin. J Jockey. ' Op. ci.
5416 Bay Wonder, 4 (Newman)., .fl 01 4. 1 n 1 1U1 n i 1 u. fm,,s, 1 TH 7~7
MSe 4R<«te^t6%%^e^^: .106 _6 J __. J J J_ J^?_%ij^_lK_ujfz \ \ '« 10
Time— :24Vi. :46?i. 1:14. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:C0." Bay place 0-20^ show ~lT5
Waener. place. 11-10; ehow. 2-5. matcher, ehow. 9-5. Winner b e bv S' Dal r
meny-Falthless Trainod by H. F. Newman. Scratched-!™ * bale Lansdowne Co
onel Van Nullah. Start good. Won easily. Next two driving. Ju."t an exerc"^ eat
5081. u RACE-Seven 6( furlont B: Follansbee HiglTweight handicap; 3-year-old, and
Indexl Horse and Owner. Wt f^Jj^J^. J^ Str. Fm. JHckeT! oT! cT.
(CeSSJlArcade. 4 (W. B. Jennings).. 120 4 2U2n In lh lh J^ ria\Z To i
B5S.7 Fossil. 4 (Parker & Co.) 124 S 1 g 1 h 2 1 2 « \ h Wonderlv " 5 7
(55S5) Jockey Club. 4 <W. Flehcr)... Ill 10 10 14 0 U J 1 3 n a 2 C Kri\l? ' «>o d
6U45 Dainty. 4 (W. B. Jennings)... U3J1 4h 52 1 2 J Martin"" • •
P633 MartlnmaK. i (Henshail) 118 1 5 h 4 h 3 h 4 U C in MartIn " ' *
BM1 Military Man. J (Ferguson)... 107 3 6 h 7 h C V4 0 ? B :{ Haack 12 1%
(5040) Rockaway. 3 (B. & W.), 114 12 7 1 H 2'A8 1 S 2 7 1 Bell K Q
M74 Iridius, 4 (XV. B. Jennings),.. 124 7 3 1%3 1$7 % 7 n « 1^ Connel'l • •
550(5 Futurlta. 4 (W. H. Kraft).... 100 » 8 1 11 h 0 1 0 1 » \f mKihri.nd" I 12
63«> Ben MacDhul. 0 (P. Ryan)... 122 2 9 hi 10 3 10 1 10 3 10 4 Laraen ? \l
6C21. Daisy Green, 4 (Follansbee).. 113 5 12 0 12 2012 1011 1 11 2 jjoneV" •• «
604B Otto Stlfel. 3 (B. Schreiber),. 105 « U % 0 1 It 2 12 1012 8 b'u™, ik ftft
(5621)IInc U bator. 4 (Van Meter)...:. 115 13 13 *13 13 13 ll 8 |"i^ an - -.V. 8 *g 7^
Time— :23%, :48. 1:13% 1:20. At post 3 mlnuteB. Off at 3:40 Arcade place 4- show ->
Fossil, rlace. .V2; ehow. «-6. Club, show, 0. Jennlnes mtrv ni?» t «. V™ 1 J"
Winner, b. h by Ben All-Calora. rrnXn^^^i^.^^^'^^J^i^^?^:
E. Shaw. Ha8«don Start good for all but Incubator. Won* in a Tfard^rTv? of thre^"
Arcado enjoyed good racintr luck and Dalv outflnlshed Wonderly. Had latter on fS
not made a bungling effort In making for his whip opposite paddock he rfroblbly woulJ
have won. Away better. Jockey Club could . have scored Dainty wa' The
three-year-olds. Military Man and Rockaway. were up against it Irtdlus^do* Fi7tu
rita outclassed. Ben MacDhul drew an Insido positicH and was cut off early Incubator"
5082. FIFTH RACB-One and a quarter miles; telling; 4-year-old, and up; to flmt. «25.
,Indc»l How and Owner. |Wt|St. H- %¦ %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. di
BC>5 iNamtor. 5 (F. Reagan) 100 B 2 n 2 % 2 2H2 1H1 n WonderhT"! i^ 7~R
(5623) Nigrette. 4 (W. B. Jennlnge).. W 2 1 « 1 1 n 1 i 2 1 U Kun* OK «s
B0Z3 Rosaiie. 8 (C. W. Chappelle).. 93 3 5 1*44 2 3 3 3 3 3 3V4 I^-sen 5 0*2
C023 Col. Anderson. 5 (Fitzgerald). 105 6 3 1 . 5 4£ 5 2 ' 4 1 >4 4 ;Dono?ai" " *n fm
5645 ILacy Crawford. 4 (Schreiber). 06 1 4 h 0 8 63 86 Ollnhan? '•"' 15 52
.... |Eda Rlley. a (McCafferty) . . . ¦ 101 4 6 3 1 4 h 6 g \j. T. Shthn 20 20
Time— :25%, :51. 1:17. 1:42%, '2:07. At post 1 minute. Off at'4-OS Namtor nlar« £flJt
show. 1-i. Nifrette • place. 1-2; show. out. Rosarle. .how. 2-5 WlSle?' ?h bv
Hastings-Nineveh. Trained by F. Reagan. Scratched— El Orimte ¦ Ben MmiZi" p™i
tion. Modicum. Start good. Won all out. Next two driving 8 hart Ihd Kun. ™
Nisrette set a faster pace the first mile, he would probably haf« won' Rob»h« rPn h£
Rlley £°t°re e ady. n<ler " On W " 1 *° *° *' fr ° nt "° On - Cra^Iord p^ed n up BdJ
COS3. SIXTH RACE— One? mile and fifty yards; gelling; 4-year-olds and up; f> first, |326.
•Index Horse and Owner. -. Wt St. Vj: .%; f^. Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. q.
(5644) Mocorlto. a (T. Wellman).... 109 3 3 2 3 4 3 4 2 3 14 Bee •» \
(5657) Hipponax. a (P. O. Lane) Ill 2,lh In llUln 2 2 Bell"" 1 at
56«7 Prestolu*. 4 (Devln & Co.) 106 6 8 H , 7 2 7 6 3 1 J MaVun" " " I 5
KC«» Achilles. 5 (J. J. McCab*).... 109 1 6 2 5 h « H/.B l 4 U LarseT " lrt 'X
5622 Kitty Kelly, a (Stanfleld) 106 4 2 2%2 :i 2 94 3 2 5 3 CV "mlth"" 2 «
5416 Augie, 5 (Capps & Co.) 99 v7 fin 4 % 4 % 4 n.6 n oilphant "" 4o" &>
B647 Fllle d'Or. a (G. D. Kenvon). 97 6 72 02 5 1*55 Kunz '" 20 m
5654 Cracko. 4 (L. Levy).:;..;.... 99 8 4h 7 H 8./V?/g.-- * " T shehn 10 15^
Time— .24%. :«% 1:14J4. IMOH. 1:43«. At post 1 minute. : Off at 4:32. Mocorlto place
1; show. 1-2. HipponaJC. place. 1-2; show, out. Prestolus. show. 9-10 Winner chm
by AmiBO-Santa Monica. Trained by G. Wentworth. Scratched— Billy Moore" El Pila?"
Expedient. Start good. Won easily. Next two driving Race run to rmiS- t,^, 1^^51(7^'
Hipponax tired after racing Kitty Kelly to a standstUl. vTchaies i^t > to t^"^TtaWe
, eupport. Others no. account. ;¦.,.- **"*" « lor •uoie
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Namtor, with Otto Wonderly .up,
landed the mile and a quarter selling
affair by a narrow margin from Ni
grette. Frank Reagan's horse was so
well thought of that even money, was
the first quotation. Later, when a play
on Nigrette developed, 7 to 5 could be
obtained. Kunz astride Nigrette set a
slow pace for the first mile, never,lead
ing the favorite more than half a
length. This brought it down to a quar
tt;r-mlle sprint, and Wonderly had the
better of the argument with the lighter
boy, earning the decision by a neck In
2:07. Larson took the show with Rosa
rie. , V ; >, ; -.
"With the approach of old age Moco
rito seems to sharpen and improve. In
the concluding mile and fifty yard se
lection, after Hipponax, the 'favorite,
had raced Kitty Kelly into subjection.
See on Mocorlto made a "bid for it. The
first choice appeared all in, and the an
cient mare scampered home first, by
four lengths. Prestolus ran third, • be
hind the favorite.
When a British Embassador is ap
pointed to France he is allowed $20,000
for outfit. In the case of promotion
$1*4,000 is allowed, and in the case of
transfer $10,000. .'
After quite a rest Bay Wonder, from,
the stable of H. F. Newman, made his
reappearance In the slx-furlong selling
fixture, next decided. The fast gelding
was played down from 6 to 5 to 4 to 5,
and won all the way. Louis Wagner
disposed of Harry Thatcher, a 20 to 1
shpt, for the place. Emshee, a stoutly
supported one, ran disappointingly.
Rollick, -cut off at the start, never
loomed ud as a dangerous factor.
XAMTOR BEATS N1GRETTE.
Johnny Millin started his recent pur
chase L.aura F M in the second, and
the mare was installed a 7 tp 10 favor
ite. She showed some early speed, but
quit badly, finishing third. Yellowstone,
a 10 to 1 shot, with Jack Martin up,
was fn front all the way, crossing the
line the easiest kind of a winner over
Waterpower. Hoar succeeded In getting
almost left v.-ith Meehanus.
Lady Kent closed a slight favorite
over Ethel Abbott for the first event, a
slx-furlong sprint. The mare looked a
winner turning; into the stretch, when
Hildebrand on Ethel Abbott skimmed
through on the rail, beating the favor
ite with ridiculous ease. Lee Jackson
on the lfiylo 1 shot Rinaldo took the
show.
Favorites fared badly in nearly all of
the races run. Bay Wonder and Nam
tor being the only successful ones. De
spite this the major portion of the
bookmakers claimed to have quit to the
bad financially.
ETHEL* ABBOTT WINS HAXDIIiY.
About opposite the paddock Wonder
ly reached for his whip and this proba
bly cost Fossil the race, for, instead of
gaining, the rider lost ground. Johnny
Daly, hammered away at Arcade,
though, with telling effect, and in a
nerve-rackingr finish was first by a
head on the inside. Fossil beat Jockey
Club a like distance for the place. .The
time demonstrates that loafers had no
businees in the game, for the first
three-quarters was covered in 1:13%,
the seven furlongs in 1:26.
A good horse won beyond question,
but for his size and inches a better
horse does not stand on plates in this
country than Fossil. It must not be
overlooked that Dainty ran an excel
lent race and but for being pocketed
might have added another head to the
finish.
the leaders, and a. furious drive be
tween the three then ensued.
Gradually C Kelly forced Jockey
Club until nearly on equal terms with
indicates that each of the thirteen
starters was regarded by the betting
rubiie as p"ssos5ing a chance. The dis
tance was seven furlonp.s and 53460
r.f ihe Ftake went to the first horse.
The ore unfortunate incident was the
leaving at the pcrst of the favorite. In
cubator, the Van Meter entry* on whose
thanc^F thousands were wagered.
BlIXMAN IJLAMES HOLTMAX.
Jockey John Bullman lays the blame
at Starter Ho'trr.an's door, saying he
was told to turn his mount around, and
that the barrier was released with the
hor*p wheeling. However. Incubator
fn most of hi? racr-s has shown' a dis
ineliratir-n to break with his company,
and in all likelihood an unruly temper
provoked the mishap yesterday.
The handicap was the fourth num
ber on the card, and betting began with
the Jennings trio— Arcade, Dainty and
Iridius — coupjed, opening favorite at ;
ZVi to 1. Then there came a rush to
pet aboard Incubator, whose price was
rut from 4Vj to- 3} 2 . with the odds about
the Jennings stable lengthening to
foun.
Fossil came in for backing at 6 and
7, as clid the three- year-olds Rockaway ;
and Military Man. although tfieir j
ebaivep locked remote. Futurita and
Daisy Gre«>n, coupled a? an entry, were
by no moan.< neglected. "Doc" Kyle be-
Ins Bweet on Futurita. Neither cracked
any tee In th»' actual running.
There was enly a delay of three min
utes at the post before Jake Holtman
sprung the barrier. Wonderly. on Fos
sil, was not long in showing first, with
Arcade ihe runner-up. Iridius for a
tin:e clung to the third position, then
his streak of "yaller" developed and
the big horse fell out of it- Fossil was
still leading Arcade entering the
Ftretch. and Jockey Club was pressing
ilartinmas for third place.
JOCKEY CLUB MOVES UP.
Fortune oner as:ain_ smilrd on the
red jp'tr'.ped Filk of Walter Jennings, for
Arcane, carrying 120 pounds- and su
porbiy rr.anae* v i by Johnny DaJy,
reached th?.fin!?hing mark a head b*»
fore ?ame little Foss-Ml. with his trying
impost of 124 p.?und». ¦while Jockey
Club, whith" C. Kelly brought from
tenth position, rsetded only a slight ac
cident to either of the two leaders to
be hailed th<y*vinner.
It was a srand race, and the betting
With three heads on the wire in a
terrific drive, the big cro-.vd in a state
frenzied excitement, the Foilansbee
fcar^iccp decided at Oakland yesterday
wfil long be remembered as one of the
k^n^st cut i.teceF of the har.dicapper's
r»rt Bern in maoy jr.oons.
incubator,the First Choice,
With Bullman Up Is
Left at Po.vt.'
GAME LITTLE FOSSIL, CARRYING TOP WEIGHT, RUNS REMARKABLE
RACE AND THOUGH BEATEN, VICTORY SHOULD HAVE BEEN HIS
ARCADE, FOSSIL AND JOCKEY CLUB FINISH HEADS ON THE WIRE FOR THE FOLLANSBEE HANDICAP
ALBIONS READY
FOR VAMPIRES
CHOICES FAIL
THEIR BACKERS
MISHAP MARS
HURDLE RACE
Rovers Will Contend This Day
at Idora Park and Hornets
on Alameda Cricket Ground
Greyhounds on the Lonjr End
Capture a Number of Trials
at Ingleside Coursing" Park
The Horse Limber Jim Falls
at the Third Jump at Ascot
and Has to Be Destroyed
AT PRESIDIO
PICKWICKS
DOGS WHICH ARE FANCIED
STAKE F0K WARTE XICHT
Defeats Princess Titania, Havi
land and Golden Rule Clev
erly in the Santa Catalina
Full 31 oon, Doc Burns, Sofala
and Young: Fearless Are Ex
pected to Do Well. To-Day
The long shots landed with sufficient
frequency at Ingleside^ Coursing/ Park
yesterday to please those bettors who
take an outside chance and to keep the
talent guessing. Master Clair beat the
1 to 3H favorite Pathfinder, Blanche
iewett beat the 2 to 5 choice Boots, Joe
Pasha beat Lulu Girl, the 3 to 5 choice;
Mollie Me beat Free Born at 3% to 1,
Toronto beat Equator a.t 2 to 1, Pure
Pearl beat Little Plunger at 5 to 4. Irv
ington Tralee beat Homer Boy at 2 to
1 and Marguerite beat Topsy Turvey
at the same odds.
Of the dogs which will run to-day
Doc Burns, Sofala. Full Moon. Young
Fearless, Comstock and Glaucua are
the most fancied. They escaped the se
vere running yesterday, and with or
dinary coursing luck should make their
way well into the stake.
The results in detail, with Judge
Thomas Tierney's official scores, follow:
Master C'.air beat Pathfinder. 7-4: Rag;ed
Actor beat Intruder. 10-7; Wedsewood beat
Ouida, 5-0; High Born beat Gold Chain, ti-0;
IJaddir.gton beat Rushaway. 6-0; Prometheus
heat Ragtime. fi-3; Lady Pinta beat Jimmy An
thony. 11-4; Blanche Jewett beat Boots. 10-4;
Sisklymi beat Fannie Hughie. 5-1: Meddle
some beat Encore. 5-1: Sliever.amon beat Poxy
Qutller. 23-4: Flora Belle beat White Stockings.
4-0; Miss Wilson beat Irish Lad. 11-4; Young
Fearless beat General Dewet. 6-4; Bob II beat
Texas Betty. 11-U; Joe Pasha beat Lulu Girl.
«-2; Sofala beat Don Pedro. 17-6; Mollle Me
beat Free Born. 5-0; Frisky Roy beat Jessie
Dear. 5-3: Mi Amigro beat Lord Granard. 7-S:
Rose if Gold beat May Flush. 4-3; Lily York
heat Glancins Pasha. 12-0; Full Moon bent
Royal Sport 12-4; Harlean Gladys beat Van
Alba, 6-1: Little Mercy beat Brilliancy, -3-0;
Menlo Prince beat Crawford Belles. 12-H>;
Ploughman beat Real Duchess. 12-9: Pacing
Biily beat Monbells. 4-2; Golden Rule beat
Helen Hayes. 8-1; Ponnybrook beat Woodland
Girl. tf-S; Comstock beat Whisper. 2:5-2: North
ern Lad beat Dartaway. 8-7; Creswlck heat
Medley. 10-rt; Frisky Barbara beat Lord GotT.
11-1; Beauty Goltl beat Lost Olrl. 12-1: Toronto
beat Kquatcr. 11-4: Texas Gill heat Rose Tree.
3-2; Pure Pearl beat kittle Plunger, 13-S: Una
boat Miss Green. 5-2; Our Minnie heat Little
Lury, 12-3; Irvlngton Traiee beat Hcrner Boy.
4-2:* Bella Lloyds beat Golden Light. 16-10;
Giaucus beat ProKrrsso, 12-.">: Wild Xora beat
Maid of Mercy. 5-1: Cloudburst beat Bonnl*
Hughie. 1S-5: Margueritte beat Topsy Turvy.
ll-t>: Rich Ancosy beat Finoola, 3-2; Doc Burns
beat Mirage, 6-0.
Three matches will be played to-day
for the championship of the California
Association Football League. At Idora
Park, Oakland, the Albion Rovers will
play against the Vampires, the ball be
ins kicked off at 2:30 p. m. C. W. Irish
will referee.
On thr cricket ground at Alameda,
beginning at 2:30 p. m.. the Oakland
Hornets will meet the Occidentals. J.
Casson acting as referee. 'On the Pre
sidio Athletic Grounds in thi3 city the
Pickwicks will try their strength
against the Independents. The ball will
be kicked off at 11 o'clock in the morn
ing, and the referee will be Arthur Rob
inson or Henry Roberts.
The Albion Rovers will be represented
by Hosford, goalkeeper; Glllchrest, left
•back; John, right back; Jones, left half
back; Bayne, center halfback; Mat
thieson. right halfback; Bradley, out
side left; Duquesne. inside left;
Churchill, center forward; Tweedie. in
side right; Goodlet, outside right.
The team of the Vampires will be
made up of Airth. goalkeeper; Peter
sen, left back; Martin or Macdonald,
right back; Glarner. left halfback;
Harwood, center halfback; McCallum,
right halfback; Buchly and Turner, left
wing; Wilding, center forward; Kay
and Showell. right wing.
The Oakland Hornets will line up In
the following order: Smith, goalkeep
er; Burdon, left back; Conolly, right
back; Cowell, left halfback; Chambers
(captain), center halfback: Bird, right
halfback: Deane. outside left; Colches
ter, Inside left: Shand, center forward;
McKenzie, inside right; Alexander, out
side right.
The Occidental eleven will be Chi
vers, goalkeeper; Lloyd, left back; Rob
erts, right back; Evans, left halfback;
McCarty. center halfback: Bowdon.
right halfback; F. Holland, outside
left; P. Lydon. inside left; V. Holland,
center forward; Grade, Insider right;
Milne, outside risht.
The representatives of the Pickwick
Club will be Boweock, goalkeeper;
Bouton, left back: Conway. right back;
Furber, left halfback; James, center
halfback; Todd. right halfback; Mur
dock, outside left; Sheddon, inside left;
Cowan, center forward; Wattera. in
side right; Robertson, outside right.
The Independent eleven will consist
of Forbes, goalkeeper; Lynch, left
back; Armstrong, right back; McGran,
left halfback; llechels, center half
back; Owens, right halfback; Russell,
outside left; E. Fay, inside left; "Watt,
center forward; T. Fay. inside right;
Ellis, outside right.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 9. — The Santa
Catalina selling stakes, worth $1290
to the winner, was the feature of the
Ascot card to-day. Nine of the best
horses racing here went to the post.
The distance was seven furlongs.
Princess Titania was made favorite at
4 to 1, while Warte Nicht, which woji,
was fancied 'by a' large following at
3Vi to 1. Golden Rule held steady
at 4 to 1 and Haviland at 5. Golden
Rule set a hot pace for almost sbc fur
longs and was then overhauled by
Warte Nicht. Redfern. on Titania,
made his move too late and was beaten
out by Warte Nicht by half a length.
Haviland was third and Golden Rule
fourth.
The hurdle handicap at a mile and
a Quarter was marred by a mishap
that cost 'the life of the horse Limber
Jim and proved nearly fatal to Mur
phy, his rider. Flourish was leading
by five lengths, but at the third jump
he balked and threw Limber Jim off
his" stride at the 'jump. Jim fell,
breaking a foreleg. He was destroped.
Murphy was severely shaken up.
Charawind won from Poorlands. In
dian II was third. ,
Thisbee took the first race in a
drive, Evander finishing second and
Madam Bishop third.
Schreiber's 2-year-old Azelina won
the three-furlong sprint for 2-year
olds, Bishop Poole second, Pegg^' Mine
third. •
The fifth race at a mile and a quar
ter went' to the short-priced favorite,
Chiib; , Cloche *dOr second. Discus
third. j
Bill Curtis, at 1 to 2, galloped away
from his field in the last race at six
furlongs. Dargin was second and El
Corteza third. Five out of six favor
ites were successful. Weather fine;
track good.
SUMMARY.
First race, Slauson course, selling, four-year
olds and upward — Thisbe. CS (Lewis), even,
won; Evander, 115 (Phillips), 10 to 1. second;
Mm* Bishop, 106 (Adams), 7 to 2. third. Time,
1:12. Galanthus, Andrattus, Geisha Girl, Chief
Aloha. Valmar and Frterllene alyo ran.
Second race, three furlongs, purse, maiden
two-year-olds — Azellna. 110 (Boland). « to 5,
won; BUhop Poole. 108 (Adams), 15 to 1, sec
ond; Peggy Mine. 1C5 (Redfern). 2 to 5, third.
Time. :3«%. Hearsay (coupled with Azellna),
Woodclaim, Ella Owen and De Gatnmont
(coupled with Woodclaim>* also ran.
Third race,, one and a quarter miles, hurdle
handicap, four-year-olds «nd upward—Chara
wind, 1C5 (McHugh). 3 to 2, wen; Poorland«.
172 (Richards). 4 to 1. second; Indian II, 133
(Tully). 7 to 1. third. Time. 2:20. Tom Hill.
Flourish and Rio Chico also ran. Limber Jim
fell. „ v
Founh race, seven furlongs. Santa Catalina
stake?, selling, three-year-olds and up — Warte
XlCht, fK» < Becker). 7 to 2, won: Princess Ti
tania. 103 (Blrkenruth). 2 to 1, second; Havi
land. 106 (Redfern). 5 to 1. third. Time. 1:28.
Ras Tag. Anirad and Best Man also ran.
• Fifth race, one and a quarter miles. selling,
four- year-olds and upward — Chub. 11O (Lewis).
S to 5, won; Cloche d'Or. 93 (Walsh), 16-to 5.
second; Discus. 103 (John5on). 8 to 5. third.
Time, 2:11. Henry Clay Rye and Rio Shan
non also ran.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, puree
three-year-olds — Bill Curtis. 110 (Redfern). 1
to 3. won; Dargin. ll.*> fBoland). 3 to 1, sec
ond; Kl Corteza. 101 (Knapp). 23 to I, third.
Time. 1:23.. Sals. Susie, Christian and Picture
also ran.
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10, 1904.
36
ADVEBTISZMEHTS.
..I CURE..
jj DR. O. C JOSLEN.
j Contracted Disorders.
H The progi^ss in th* rtudy of con- fl
H tr«ctf-(J i'mrim in the pajt few years Eg
[ t ;.:.- ranUed !n advanced tr.*thod» of H
\i fc*rur!nc rermanent r"»u!ts. In my H
B practice 1 use *j#cial methoda of Jrri- IB
M c*tlon. and a mcih.-.-l cf iry own H
U flevlein* Jor inMaliationx that rur<> M
n ronorrh^a PEItaANESTLT in from H
p 3 to ll» day«. I rnske Jr^-juent insp«c- H
I tlor.» cf th" ran*l by m»-ans of a fsmall H
i electric :!ght. T.hlch eaattai me to we H
I -I • t *'' to trrat «ach inftam»il part ««»pa- 10
Eg r«telr. and I era alto enabled to show r
M Oie r*t!ent hlmw?]f the couditionn that R
B actually exist. Following my tr^at- C
H ' EIT" 1 tbf '- r * are no evil after results |
1 Tti'Tt Is no «tri««re to fear, not the E
t slichtcrt chance of a chronic condition B
H CX«MPI.KTi: healing of the inflamed I
|J and i«v1»ot.«3 Jiwuet-. Never use harsh t
j injection* cr <Jra.«tJc internal renWies E
[I to no;, the ditcharr*. ior if you do it I
I . Js certain that in the future you will H
[ 1 find your *¦.¦¦•- worse than ever I I
J .euarante* you * PERFBCT CURE. I
j WEAKNESS. y
{ What it commoniy termed functional M
E «<-akne»f it merely a «>-tr,ptom of pros- K
tetlc tflfcorijer. To stimuiaCe activity M
I bj the uw of powerfnt t<?nlr» is an V
k <-ary matter, but euch renulu are G
V BKTVly temr^rary «Jrur effects. Most E
I «Joct:jm treat »<-skr.-n In this man-
{ ner because they do not know how to
f cure t!ic real cause of the deranicc-
» men. I am th§ only physician em-
| fc-oyinK ecientiac and eucccesful meth-
l } Ms. 1 vse v.<> tonics at all. My
it trpstnxT.t ia a. local' one entirely, and
II «*"*«* ; 'vejy abnormal condition ol
B that vital «*r.ter. the i.rwtnte Kland.
I 1 My cure* are real cure* tnd are per-
M tnanent.
o > o
Jffjr fttt are lair; my cures I
* are permanent, and you can!
J pay -when. satUned that yon I
j J are really sound and well. y
I t« * r nT f J <il r.i' ik '*' > Ftri cture and Spe- 1
J ciSc . Hlood i'ol*on are also numbered L
B amons ltu>. Mtrzhe* I cure. Send for B
I n-y pimrhlel, "Live AU Your Tears a H
It is frer. and mo are consultation fi
and advice, either at office or by mail. E
DR. 0. C. JOSLEM I
Cor. Market and Kearny Streeti. if
• Private Entrance, 702 Harket St. |I
Office Hours — Week day*, y a. m. to 9 E
ji. in.; Kundiiyc, 9 a. tn. to 1 p. m. |»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r a DEMON OF DISCOMFORT
¦ t When to the other discomforts of winter is added the torments of Eczema, existence
becomes a long-drawn-out period of bodily suffering and untold misery. Of all the varied
types and forms of this violent and terrifying skin disease, that which comes in the winter
season is the worst. While Eczema is aggravated by the cold, penetrating winds, it is not
due to atmosph,eri cconditions or external causes. The disease itself is located in the blood,
and is an internal, constitutional disorder. The pent-up secretions,- the biting acids and
poisonous matter that have accumulated Jn the system because of an inactive, torpid state
of the bodily organs, are absorbed into the circulation,
polluting the blood, filling the veins with acrid particles .£^p^?S£" T35t"»5g5£ ¦
and liquid fire that dries OUt the natural oils, irritates standing I was under the treatment of difler-
and clogs the 'pores, causing the skin to redden and 2&g^%fZg^£*3££
burn, and itch and sjnart almost be3 7 ond endurance. a friend told me he»had cared his utti© diiid
Eczema in winter is a demon of discomfort. The Zt%& WoS
skin hardens and dries, cracks and bleeds ; filthy-look- l noticed an improvement, i oontimied oa
ing sores and crusts, scaly eruptions and other painful jStST^IUSifrSi^JS&^LJS
and dlSgUStmg Symptoms appear as the disease takes had a return of the disease. No one that
deeper hold upon the system. Eczema generally attacks ?*££££ W
the legs and arms, face, chest, hands and feet, breaking i contracted during the civil War & severe
out in red, angry-looking patches, sparsely-scattered t !$£'£SS7£S?££
pimples or watery blisters; but in whatever form it , severe vomiting spells. Could not digest my
appears, o X wherever located, it is an evidence "of a too £***! tnSS
acid Condition Of .the System, and if the Cause is not trouble, and I regained my strength and
removed and the progress of the disease checked, it £&tam.. o. W iA'?£3& rBt .
grows and spreads and becomes a lingering torture. No
permanent good comes from washes, salves and ointments; they are helpful but not curative.
The disease is running riot in the blood, the acid poisons are circulating all through the
system, and nothing applied to the surface of the body can penetrate deep enough to reach
the fountain source of the trouble and root out the real cause of this terrible skin disease.
Eczema must be fought through the- blood system, and an internal remedy that enters
into the circulation and searches out and neutralizes the acids and destroys the poisonous
secretions offers the only chance of permanent relief.
The various mineral preparations are bad on the stomach and digestion, and the tempo-
rary good they do is over-balanced; by the harmful after-effects. In S. S. S. is offered a
remedy absolutely, vegetable ; it doesn't contain a single mineral or injurious drug of any
¦j^"^^ -^mPHW sas^. kind. It is composed exclusively of roots and herbs
f|pBi|J ff^ ra^3 selected for their curative and tonic progenies. It purifies
A?^*^^ v!^^^^ •yV^' e a^d cleanses the system of all irritating snb-
stances, stimulates the sluggish qrgans and invigorates
¦iK^wJ^'f t^.. "3 1 fc^Tj J an^ Guilds up all parts of the system. Under its tonic
effect the appetite increases, the digestion improves, the
? nerves are strengthened and all the complications brought
on by the long-continued spell of Eczema driven away. With the restoration of the blood
;to its. natural,- normal condition, and ¦• the system freed of all unhealthy secretions the
eruptions, sores and other evidences c* Eczema disappear ¦ and the becomes soft, smooth
and pliable. If you have Eczema or any skin trouble, write us and let our physicians help
you by tHeir; advice; for which no" charge whatever will be made.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, GJL.Contesting Teams Play the First
Games of Championship Series at
Central Alleys. ?
The Los Angeles bowling team won
from the Eugene team of this city last
night at the Central alleys the first of
a series of games for the coast cham
pionship. The scores were as fol
lows: • V
1st 2d 3d 4th 5th
Eusen-s. Game. Game. Game. Game. Game.
1*5d ..... =O<> 148 1C4 Sift- 1SS
i Birdcall 151 K« * 191 161 135/
nm^vj:.:-^? 10 2 2 lf
Totals .... 592 812 »04 936.- 018
1st *2d 3d s * 4th 3th I
-¦ Los An. Game. Game. Gam*. Game. Game.
Dys'nger ... 212 203 - 171 173 253
Dee ........ 180 192 1S2 163 170
Gllman , 213 162 .10.1 235 193
Ixxrey ..}.... 101 1*> 32 155 ISO
Simpson'.... '17S 2C*. l&l 1« 143
Totals -974 93* r 901 £77 945
Th»' Eugene team substituted Russell for
Eacret in. the fourth game and the'Los Ansele*
team substituted Concry in place of Simpson
In the fifth game.
The contesting teams play again to-
LOS ANGEXES DEFEATS <
THE EUGENE BOWLERS
The. new green of the Scotch bowl
ers at Golden Gate Park was not in
condition to be used yesterday, and no
tournament matches were decided.
The grass is dying and it was thought
best to allow the new gras3.to come
up. A few of the t most enthusiastic
players Journeyed to the old green at
Recreation Park and indulged in prac-
Hice games. The closest and most ex
citing match was that between D. Dal
zlel and W. R. Eaton and E. J. Clin
_ton and Dr. Hamilton. The match
was even up to the last two ends,
which were won by Dalzlel and Eaton.
The score In their favor was 21 to 18.
Another match that was close was
that in which Dalziel and Eaton beat
M. L. Crowe and Dr. Hamilton. The
winners were In fine form in both
matches and did some clever bowl
ing. , The score was 21 to 19. Three
other matches were played, -but they
were all rather one-sided. They re
sulted as follows: Stewart and J. Mc-
Lachlan beat ; R. Park and J. Stott
21 to 8; James Gray dnd Dr. Gunn
beat J. C. Moffatt and A. Foreman 21
to 12; G. C. Patterson and James Gray
beat J. McLachlan and Dr. Gunn 21
to 13.
Dalitcl and Eaton Beat Clinton and
Hamilton In an Exciting
Match.
The United States imports of trop
ical and semi-tropical fruits amount
to $1,000,000 a day.
SCOTCH BOWLERS PLAY
AT RECREATION PARK
The largest tre« In the world lle«
broken and petrified at the.end'of a
defile in Northwestern Nevada. It 1»
said to be 666'feet long.
Citv Commltteeman John Boyla «t
Philadelphia was consulted by soxn«
fellow Democrats as to a certain can
didate for ward leadership. "Mr.
Blank is a first-rate man." said ona of
his callers. "He talks like a book, as
the saying Is." Mr. Boyle responded
bluntly. "We don't want a man that
talks like a book. The man we need
is a fellow that talks like a burglar
proof safe after It has been locked up
for the night."
He- Knew Politics.
"K2.tatypes" are a new kind of pho
tographic print introduced by Her
ren Ostwald and Gros of Leipzig and
made without the use of light. The
function of light In photography (as
now regarded) is to accelerate the
chemical reactions. It Is a katalyser,
and other katalysers will serve in
stead. The finely divided silver of a
photographic negative and the perox
ide of hydrogen are good katalysers.
In making a katatyoe the negative is
flowed with an ethereal solution of
hydrogen. The peroxide is- Instantly
decomposed when It comes in contact
with the sll%-er film, and the evapora
tion of the resulting water leaves on
the plate an invisible picture In unal
tered peroxide, which Is a positive,
that is to say, densest where the nega
tive Is least dense. — London Globe.
Knlatypes."
Some interesting experiments are In
course of prosecution on the Berlin ele
vated electric railway. Complaints
have been frequent concerning the
noise made by the cars on the elevated
structure. The first experiment con
sisted In inserting three layers of felt
between the rails and the wooden cross
ties on which they were laid. This was
inadequate, however, although It gave
some improvement. Next, hollow iron
girders filled with loose sand were sub
stituted for the wooden sleepers; this
also was partially effective, but not
entirely so. The rails were then laid
"on long longitudinal sleepers with
cushions of lead under them. Finally
the car wheels have been lined 'with
wood, so as to break the continuity of
the path for vibrations through metal.
These experimental remedies are still
on trial, but no definite conclusions con
cerning them have been announced.—
Chicago Inter Ocean.
Noise on Elevated Road*.
"I kept my nerves -well In hand and
did not allow them to bore other'peo
ple.
"I tried to find any work that cams
to hand congenial.
"I retained the illusions of my youth
and did not believe 'every man a Uai*
and every woman soiteful.
"I did my best to relieve the misery
I came In contact^with and sympa
thized with the suffering.
"In fact. I tried to do to others as X
would be done by."— New York Press.
Women who are asking: how to ke«?
young as the gray hairs appear above
their brows would do well to try the
recipe of an old lady who, although
she had seen eighty years, never Im
pressed one as being old, becauss her
heart was still young and sympathetic.
When asked how she had secured such
apparent youth in age she said:
"I knew how to forget disagrr»eabls
"I tried to master the art of saying
pleasant things.
"I did not expect too much of my
friends. '<¦ i •..
How She Retained Her Youth.
SEW ORLEANS, Jan. 9. — Crescent City
summary:
Fi-Ft rac«, ceree furlcncs. sellicjr — Over
A£a!n •tor, Clrcss Girl «?con4, E'.d Silver
third. Time. 1:30.
Secord raoe, tare* fur:e>nn— Ete!l* Allen
» no. Friar Tuck fecund. Dclaraa third. Time
:3T 4-5.
Third race, six furlonrs — Scorpio ircn. Os
tr;-?h second. Joe Gcss third. Time. 1:16 2-5.
Fourth race. «lx end a hair furlonr». Gen
tOty hs.n'Ilcai*— T>an Mr.Keana iron. I*ari«lenne
¦HWIld. Hands Across third. Time. 1 :22 4-5.
F:T:h raoe. handicap, a rails and twenty
! erds — Kins Croker won, XlsJsland second. Du
tiful third. Tirae. 1:47 3-5.
filrth race, selling, one and three- sirt sen ths
irjie* — Mauser won. Uoyal Pirate, second,
.:u4te Csn'.r-,n tfc!rd. Time. 2:05.
XEW ORLEANS RACE RESULTS.
OAKLAND. Jan. ?. — Jack Cordell
and Charlie Seigrer have been matched
to meet in a fifteen-round boxing con
test before the Reliance Athletic Club
rn th» ex-ening of the 21st inst. The
men will weigh in at 133 pounds at
6 o'clock.
The main preliminary will be a ten
round bout between Young McConnell
sr.d George Brown.
st. ixjul« Counts on Joe Corbett
PJTTSBURG. Jan. 9. — President
Barney Dreyfus." returned from Cin
cinnati to-<Jav, -where he. has been at
tending a session of the national com
!:;ission. He said that Joe Corbett,
played rrlth the Baltimore Na
tional League team, will play with
the St- Louis Nationals next season.
1'reyfuss calJed attentron to the pitch
*rs th» csrdintls have, which Include
< /orbett. Nichols and Taylor. The in
f:?]d 2s edso a good one.
Many practice matches were played
on the California Club courts. They
resulted as follows:
H. F.prirx beat R. Drolla. 6-4. 6-4; H. <Srajr
beat I* Wood. C-2; L. C. Eozarth beat A.
HoTrell. 6-4. 7-5; S. Salisbury beat H. Rojfe,
6-4, 4-6. 6-3; F. S. Mitchell aM Huph Hume
beat A. W. Wcrthlncton and W. F. Bull. 6-4.
6-3; Gray beat Hen ell, 6-4. 6-1: Salisbury and
Ptrir.gham tied Rclfe and J. S. Tobin. 6-4. S-7;
II. Lesser beat G. Leseer. 6-C; D. Volkinann
and Dr. Lov^grov* beat Gray and Wood, 6-4.
6-4; Dr. Noble and I>r. Philip tied K. Punnett
and Alexander. 7-3. 4-6; II. Lone beat M. Lx>nc
6-1. 6-2, 6-2. 6-4. 6-2.
F^ml-tinals — Miss Hctchklss 'owe ir>> beat
yiits Varn«?y <3-6). 6-3. 7-5; MIfs Ratcllffe (owe
15) beat Miss Beyfuss <30». 6-2, 6-2.
Finals— Mies Hotchkiss beat Miss RateMSe,
11-9, 0-C. 7-\
In the third set both players were
tired, but Miss Hotchkiss had prev
iously played in three matches, while
her opponent played in but one and the
pace told more on her. Miss Eatcliffe
won the first two games and aiso led
at 3-2. Miss Hotchkiss, by clever
placing took the next two games, mak
ing the score 4-3 In her favor. She
lost the ne^t two pames and made her
final effort in the tenth game, which
she won. The next two games were
close but were won by MIfs Ratcliffe.
Sliss Hotchkiss* style was better than
that of her opponent and she -would
probably have won had she not gone
into the match so tired. Miss Rat
cliffe was' steady and her lobbing was
t
The handicaps were largervthan in
former tournaments and the matches
were closer than usual. Miss Bessie
Valleau, with edds of 15, had a hard
match with Miss Hotchkiss, who owed
15. The latter won two sets out of
three. Miss Valleau played well at
times but was not steady.
In the first round Miss Maud Varney
(3-6) and Miss Ida Mearns (30) had a.
long, hard match. The last two sets
were both vantage sets.
Following are the tournament match
Following are the tournament
matches:
Preliminary recr.d — Miss KotchJdss (o-»r» 15)
beat Mit-s Be«sle Valleau (lit. 6-2. 1-6. 6-3.
Ftrst round — Miss Maud Varney (3-6) beat
Mts» Ida Mearna (30). 6-4, 5-7. 6-C: Miss Hotcb
kiss beat Miss Dorothy Mills <30). 6-2, 6-2;
M!«=s Vera Beyfuss <30) beat Miss Duncan <30>.
6-3. 6-3; Mis* UatcHSe beat MIjs Llndstrcm
by drfault.
The finals of the women's handicap
single-tennis tournament at Golden
Gate Park yesterday was by far the
closest and most interesting match
ever played by the fair racket wielders
on the public courts. The contestants
were Miss Hazel Hotchkiss and Miss
Ethel Ratdiffe. both of Berkeley. They
met on even terms and the tennis
played by both was a surprise to the
spectators. Miss Ratcllffe won by a
small margin and now leads in the
race for the Jackman cup. She won
the last tournament and has two victo
ries to her credit. Miss Hotchkiss also
has her name on the cup.
The first set was much the best of the
three and was remarkably long. Al
most every game went to deuce vant
age. Miss Hotchkiss started playing
better tennis than her opponent and
the score soon read 5-2 and 40-15 in her
favor. Miss Ratcliffe braced, and by
clever playing evened up the score at
5-5. From this point to the end first
one was ahead and then the other
until Miss Ratcllffe won. 11-9.
In the second set Miss Hotchkiss
played a game that the Suttons would
have to hustle to beat. Miss Ratcllffe
played as hard as possible, but her
clever opponent did not allow her a
game.
Britt and Young Corbett agreed to
meet the representatives of the San
Francisco Athletic Club and the Colma
r\uh at Corbett's to-morrow night. At!
that time they will inspect the plans of
their respective pavilions and determine
whether they -art*, consider their offers.
The outcome of the matter will un
doubtedly be that tho- Tosemite Club
managers will secure the bout, but will
have to bid more for it than they ex
pected. This in itself will be some
h&lm to the opposition managers.
Tounp Corbett insists on the fijjht tak
ing place not later than the first
v.«*k in March.
has had the February date for the past
:hree years, and as its $1203 license for
this year is paid he saw no reason
v hy !t should not receive the permit.
Young Corbett eaid he wanted to
f.pht in Mechanics' Pavilion. He did
not v.ant to break 5a any new place
like Woodward's Pavilion after it is re
modeled. Brkt agreed to this. 6aying
they had certain wares to sell and
wanted the best market.
the affair.
Jim Neil, of the Colma Club, made an
offer of $10,000 cash for the fight. Man
ager Coffroth of the Yosemite Club
raised this to $12,500; Morris Levy said
$13,000: Coffroth went to 513.0C9, and
Levy ended the bidding with 513,070.
The question ir»f the permit for Feb
ruary created much discussion. Man
fc?t Coffroth said the Yosemite Club
The Western Athletic Club offered 71
prr cent, the Hayes Valley Club 70
per cent, the Yosemite Club, by Harry
'M ocahan, secretary. CD per cent, * the
San Francisco Athletic Club TO per cent
or a. guarantee of a 510.030 purse. The
Colma Club offers the use of Its pa
vilicn for iZOO. the fighters to promote
Tour.g Corbett and Jimmy Britt were
overwhelmed with offers last night for
their fipfct, and have taken them under
advisement. Five clubs ivere repre
sented in the bidding and they gave
ih» fighters a wJde range of choice.
Russia is, or will soon be, the pos
sessor of the only unchanged Issue of
postage stamps In the world. Until
now Hongkong. held' that position. The
first Hongkong stamps were Issued in
1S59 and are identical in every, respect
with those in use to-day. The head of
King Edward is. however, soon to re
place that of Victoria, and thenceforth
the Russian Issue, with the double
eagle and shield of St. George. • which
first ; appeared ,in 1S64-65 and is. still
running, will hold the long time record.
Some- landlords are so -Suspicious
that they even bar out the table" with
extra * leaves.— ?*** iriat. Hunura.
Will Hold a Race Meeting.
PLEASANTOX. Jan. 9. — The citi
zens of Pleasanton have arranged to
hold a race meeting and stock and ag
ricultural exhibit as soon as prepara
tions for the event can be completed.
The matter is in charge of A. S. Ol
ney and G. A. Kelly.
, Fullest Issue of Stamps.
Lacrosse Players to Meet.
The officers of the California La
crosse Asosciatlon have issued , an In
vitation to all lacrosse enthusiasts to
attend a meeting to-morrow night at
the Olj'mpic, Athletic Club. Plans will
be discussed for the coming season
and much business of importance
tansacted.
Team From British Vessels Wins As
sociation Football Match at
Oakland Easily..
A team of British sailors played a
game .of association football yester
day afternoon at Idora Park, Oakland,
against the Saturday Hornets, beating
them 6 goals to 0. The ball was kick
ed off about 3:30 p. m., the sailors
having ten men and the Saturday Hor
nets nine on the field. *
The first period lasted thirty-five
minutes, during which the sailors had
the best of the play, scoring 3 goals.
Wilding not proving a success as a
goalkeeper. Henry Roberts took that
position and Wilding went Into the
forward line. During the second half
Roberts cleared several dangerous
shots well, but Alexander, at center
forward, got the ball past him three
times, making 'thjj^score 6 to 0.
For the sailors' Alexander and Hol
land did the best work in the forward
line, the defense of the Hornets being
weak. Knight, the goalkeeper of the
sailors' team, cleared well and dis
posed of three or four good shots
made by the Hornets at their oppo
nents' goal. For the Hornets Cham
bers and Shand showed to the best
advantage. The te^ms occupied the
following positions:
Saturday
Sailors. Position. Hornets.
Knight Goalkeeper! Wlldlnr
Podmore • • • • Roberts
Todd Backs Mildred
Churchill
Tounr ..••• Halfbacki Ereart
BrocJc • Price-
Usher
Colchester Forwards Shand
Holland Chambers
Alexander Cowell
Ewbank... WlMlnjr
McArthur ¦ »
SATURDAY HOKXETS ARE %
BEATEN -BY SAILORS
In his sworn statement given to In- 1
spector Fulkerson Dusenberry declared j
that they were locked to prevent per
sons entering portions of the house to
which their ticket did not grant them
admission. It was the duty of Dusen
berry to see that these two gates were j
locked before every performance and
then unlocked after the second act. j
When asked by the inspector why a I
/nan had not, been stationed in place j
of the gates, to direct the audience, i
Dusenberry said that he merely re- J
ceived his orders from Davi3 and Pow- i
ers. the managers of the theater, and !
had carried them out.
"I found these gates after the fire.'
said Inspector Fulkerson, "all battered
and bent inward, but still standing and ¦
both of them tightly locked. I ques- J
tioned Dusenberry about them at the J
time, but did not care 'to say anything !
publicly until I had secured his sworn!
statement, and this I now have."
TO PUNISH THE GUILTY.
A meeting x>£ the relatives of per
sons who perished in the fire was held j
this afternoon to agree upon concerted j
action toward establishing responsi- |
bility for the fire and for accomplish- j
Ing the punishment of persons who
should be.found guilty of criminal neg
ligence. Several of the speakers at the s
meeting urged that If the Coroner's
Jury fixed the responsibility of the dis
aster upon any of the city officials they
should be attacked In the civil courts
and made responsible for damages as
long as their property should last#
Miss Lizzie Haley, a teacher in the
public schools, created something of a I
sensation by declaring that many o%J
the public school buildings were abso
lutely without protection against fire,
and that repeated protests by the
teachers and principals had produced
no result and had not even been hon
ored with a reply. i
It was the sense of the meeting that
damage suits should be instituted j
against Klaw & Erlanger, who repre
sent the Eastern stockholders in the j
theater, and the manner of doing this j
will be decided upon at the meeting
next Wednesday night.
The Iroquois Theater death roll con
tinues to grow. Another death result
ing from the fire was reported to the
Coroner to-day. Mrs. M. A. Helms
died at the Samaritan Hospital from
burns and injuries. Her death In
creased the total to 569.
To-day George X. Dusenberry. head
usher of the theater, admitted to Fulk
erson that these gates were placed,
one across an exit from the ilrst bal
cony and the other across an exit from
the second balcony. Both gates were
locked securely with padlocks and were
never at any performance unlocked un
til after the second act of the play.
On the day of the fire the second act
had not been completed when the
catastrophe occurred, and the gates
were still standing. They were "so
strong that the firemen- were not able
to batter them down with axes after
the flre, and to the frenzied people who
sought .safety through these exits
they were absolutely impenetrable.
OBEYED TILE MANAGERS.
' CHICAGO. Jan. 9.— It was discovered
to-day that two iron gates, the exist
ence of which had not been known to
the public and .were removed
from the Iroquois Theater after the
fire, played a deadly part In the de
struction of life in the ill-fated play
house. Fire Inspector Fulkerson. who
knew of their existence, was not able
until to-day to obtain sworn evidence
concerning them.
"You think that President McKin
ley made a mistake when he made
General Wood a brigadier general?".
Answer: "I think he made a deadly
mistake. When he made that ap
pointment I think he gave the great
est shock to the sense of discipline and
fairness of the American army that it
has ever received."
General Wilson further stated, as re
ported exclusively in The Call, that
General Wood was not at the battle of
San Juan, and told the committee that
he had informed the President, then
Governor of New York, of this fact.
This evidence was refuted by Secretary
Root when he went on the stand a few
days . later. Root said that General
Wood was not only at the battle of San
Juan, but that his division comnjander
had reported him for conspicuous brav
ery and for handling his troops so well
that he desired to recommend him for
promotion. The Secretary further said
that General Wood was at the bloody
ford, "in the hottest and heaviest fire
that our men had to endure, when men
were falling all around him." Continu
ing he said:
"I think I ought to say, too, that a
part of the facts upon which President
Roosevelt determined, so far as was
within his power, to keep General Wood
in the same order of relative rank
where President McKinley had put him
was his personal knowledge of General
Wood's presence in that fight and of
the extraordinary gallantry and effi
ciency he displayed."
Regarding General "Wilson's state
ment that President Roosevelt asked
him not to mention the fact that Wood
was at the rear during the battle of
San Juan, Secretary Root said:
"I think I ought to allude to the re
marks of General James H. Wilson
here as to the conversation with the
President. Of course, the President
cannot be a witness. The President In
forms me that General Wilson Is mis
taken and that no such conversation
regarding General Wood's presence at
the San Juan tight that day ever took
place between him and General Wil
son."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.^— Testimony
offered In the hearings before the
Senate Committee on Military Affairs
concerning the nomination of Briga
dier General Leonard Wood to be
made major general has been supplied
to all the Senators. The printed tes
timony shows that General -James H.
t Wilson was particularly severe in his
criticism of General Wood, and while
on the stand also criticized President
McKinley for making him a brigadier
general. This criticism was brought
out by the following question from
Senator Foraker: •
Longshore "Lumbermen's Union No. 224 —
President. John W. Decker; vice president. Jo
seph Downham; recording secretary. George A.
Hansen; financial secretary. Reuben CurtLs;
treasurer. Kdward Jones; sergeant at arms,
Thomas Cummings; sentinel and Janitor. M.
Dalton: business agent. John C. Williams;
board of trustees — J. W. Sullivan. D. K. Cum
mlngs Mathew O'C^— j.n. J. Lynngren, n.
Anderson. Louis Freitscn and William Mc-
Gcidrlck; delegate* to City Front Federation
— J. E Blordan. J. C. Williams and A. H.
Corliss.
Piano Movers' and 'Helpers' Union No>. 5+4 —
President, H. Gorman; vice president. H. Jan
sen; recording secretary and business agent.
G. h! .Jyson: financial secretary. T. R.
Beecher: treaaurer and corresponding secre
tary W. Marden; trustees — H. Smith.. G. Al
len and G. Wilbur: delegates to Labor Coun
cil — H. Gorman. II. Smith and W. Marden.
The officers and executive committee compose
the delegation to the Joint executive council
of team drivers' unions.
PIAXO MOVERS.
Milk Wagon Drivers' Union J»o. 226 — Presl
dent* M. F. Shannon; rice president. William
Broderlck: recording secretary. Joseph O'Day;
secretary- treasurer, Alexander IMJean; trustees
— H. S. Erown. Emtl Kaufmann and Prank J.
McGovern: delegates to Labor Council — C.
Stlllwe'.l. Wllllem O'BrJea and M. F. Shannon.
Cloakmakf rs" Union X». 8 — President. J.
Bauer; vice president. S. Urbansky; financial
secretary. S. Levltea: executive, committee
(operator members) — Messrs. Leader. Au^en
bllck and Green; presser - members — Messrs.
Hammer. Carpel and Melsner; cutter member.
Mr. Kenneally; delegates to the Labor Coun
cil — Messrs. Leader. Bauer and Morris. The
auditing committee Is composed of Messrs.
Fitzgerald. Goodman, Asber, Freed. Lerltea
and Morri.*.
Hackmen's Union So. 224— President. M. W.
Coffey; vice president. W. M. White; record
ine secretary. John Dowltng; financial seer
tary. John CKane; treasurer. P. F. Coyle;
¦warden. M. Egan; conductor. H. Cook; trus
tees — C. B. WHkus. Eugpr.s McCarthy and
James Bowlan.
The various labor unions are still
busily engaged In electing their officers
for the coming six months. The latest
returns are: •
Among the speakers was John Peter
son, a charter member of the union
when it was organized in 1ST6. He gave
a most Interesting talk regarding the
union, its organization, objects, trials
and successes.
The new officers are: President,
James McXab; vice president, Michael
Casey; treasurer, John S. French; fin
ancial secretary. P. Moriarity: record
ing secretary, W. T. Dooley; sergeant
at-arms, C.4 J. Barrie; trustees. C. D.
Evers, "W. Grutzmacher, "W. Raublnger,
D. D. Casey and S. D. Cole.
The gathering broke up at midnight
with cheers for the union and its new
officers.
HACK3EEX'S UNION. '
The nev.-lr elected officers of the
Draymen's and Teamsters' Union were
installed with appropriate ceremonies at
B'nai B'rith Kail last nipht, after which
all adjourned to a downtown restau
rant. At the hall appropriate speeches
were made by both the retiring and In
coming officers, John McLaughlin, the
former president, thanking the mem
bers for their hearty co-operation with
him during the last year and express-
Ing his confidence that they would
stand as loyally by the new president.
Michael Casey, the newly elected vice
president, also made some pertinent re
marks, chiefly of a congratulatory na
ture.
At the restaurant addresses were
made by all the outgoing and incoming
officers and^many prominent members
of the union. Covers were laid for 250,
and ever>' seat was occupied. Z. T.
Whltton .officiated as toastmaster, and
his genial manner and original .witti
cisms foccasioned continued outbursts
of merriment.
Both Principals Express a
Desire to Meet in 3Iechanics*
Pavilion Owing to Its Size
Contest Brings Out the Clev
erest Work by Women Play
ers Ever Witnescd in Park
Escape of Audience Prevented
. by Locked Obstructions at
Entrance to the Balconies
War Secretary Refutes State
ment That Rough Rider Colo
nel Was Not at the Front
Organization Is Congratulated
for Work Done in the fast
and Roseate Future Planned
THAT SAN JUAN INCIDENT
THE MATCH IS SPIRITED
CONFESSION OF EMPLOYE
ADDRESSES BY LEADERS
WWK VARIETY OF OFFERS
Sensational Discovery in In
quiry Into the Iroquois
Theater Holocaust in Chicago
Vive Organizations Desire to
Handle the Jimmy Britt-
Young Corbet t Boxiag Bout
Conflict of Testimony in
Hearing of Charges Against
the Former Army Surgeon
Xew. Officers of Draymen's and
Teamsters' Union Installed
and a Good Time Follows
Miss Ethel Batcliffe Wins the
Jackman Cup for Second
Time, Beating Miss Hotchkiss
FIGHTERS HEAR
BIDS OF CLUBS
CLEVER TENNIS
ON PARK COURT
IRON GATES BAR
WAY TO EXITS
ROOT CLASHES
WITH WILSON
UNION DRIVERS
ENJOY BANQUET
- •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, . JANUARY 30, 1904.
rdell and Seller Matched.
37
" '' 2 ADVERTISEMENTS.
!p U i s \
* HOPF FOR WFAK MFN
gProfossor of University of Mlohlgan Proves That
o Electricity Will Cause an Increase of 2O
2 Per Cent in Strength* and 2O to t
© 30 Pounds In Weight,
Q
• Slowly the trutli fs breaking out. From the laboratory of scUntMe men tSi» faets
(£ are coming to the world that men can ba made over; that weak, puny men can
be trade as etrcng as Hercules; that eld, decrepit men can ba triads you:j In rliorial
; £ ambition.
A Professor Herdman. M. I>., LI* D.. University of Michigan, annonacea that ta ft
2 »erles of experiments with Electro-Magnetic Currents he has brought out tb9 faet that
• the physical body can be Increased 20 per cent In siz« and etreegth.
J* lie cites one case where a JTOOttS man rained 20 pounds In welgM and 8 laches la
| JB' height, and another gained 23 pounjs in weight and ons Inch In height.
© In every Instance whers the treatment was applied the patient gained In h«a!ta
© and strength.
0 The professor found that in no case wan t*-.er» abnormal growth, but as a rerolt ot
£ the treatment subjects which had not reached full development were made to reach
g the highest stage of physical developnur.t.
a Thus small and undeveloped men and woir.en may b« transformed Into tall and
2! rcbust ones. Xo man or woman Is ,tco old to receive benefits from the treatment.
• More can be done if the patient is under thirty, but even until seventy the physical
O body can be made to grow In strength. r • .
© ¦ I have a patient who In now seventy-two. Two y»ar9 ago h- said thst aft«r nsinr
0 my Belt for three months he felt as young *nd Tieorous as he had at thlrty-ftra. and
q recently, two years after h» got my Belt, he said that h^ was still strong and hearty.
X md he believed that If it had not been for the P.elt he would be In his grave.
Sk What a pleasure- It Is to feel the fire cf youth in your veiis; to b« always Joyous
** anJ ambitious. Instead of slow and pekry, ss the nan !s who has lost his vital enercy!
*¦» Mr. O. L. ShuII. Hural Frs* Delivery Box TAT. Santa Crar. Cal.. writes n»; "A*
• a result of only a month's application of your Belt my weakness has disappeared. I
O Bleep fine end feel fine in every way. The Belt was ro trouble whatever to ua«; I am
© paining In flesh every day and will soon reach the 20O pound mark. I work hard all
#j tha time, too, but I really feel like a schoolboy. I get up In the morning fe«lln«
21 completely rested, something I had not experienced for a very long time, and from
2 this Improvement In my condition yoa can easily realize how well pleased I am with
© the treatment." O. L. SIILTX.
© I have always noted that strength ar.i vigor brought rr.or* happfness to the raan
© who had regained !t after It was lost than to the one who had always possessed It.
j A That shows that you never appreciate reed health until yen have lost It. Some men
j j», have raid they would not sell my Belt fcr all th» gc!d In Califcrn'.a. A man who sayn
• that must lik* it.
' 2 You who have lo«t v!t.i*Ity: wlrfse health is wearing down: who fe«! weak. <ly»-
I O peptic, cold and f.abby: who have swallowed nasty drugs until ycu are s'.ck of them
i ©" and their failure to help yoa. Yen eusrbt to try thit method which sc>ne» says is
j Q correct and which my cures prove right.
A In Rheumatism. Pocr Circulation. Fc!at!ca. L.nir.ba»ro and Kl<Lner trouble there's
• j>| life In this grand power. My Bait pours rljro» Into the b!.\>!. stimulates th# action «f
5? the ellmlnatlre organs and cleanses the «y«te:n. No pain can exist in the body upon
• which It is worn.
© Restores Youth to Man of 75.
© DR. McL.AUGHL.IX — I fcav« been wearing your Belt off and on fcr the past ten
© years as a gereral lnvlgorator. and although I am 73 years of ag« I must say that ua-
O der Its strengthening Influence I have been able to hold my own with mea mueh
Z yourger than I am. It Is the isest wonderful remedy that I have evtr used, .and I at-
il tribute my good physical condition to its effect. Tours truly".
• • O. W. SCOTT. Mad!son. Tol» County.
© I don't think there's a town in the ronntry that does not hold somebody that r>«
© cured. Tell me where you are and I thick. I can give you the name of a neighbor who
O Is shouting for me. My business has been growing for nearly 23 years, and Is getting
Q .bigger every year because I am always studying to give my patlests more for their
S 'money, and people are coming to me now.
»i Ton know about ray Electric Belt; you hav# heard pecple praise It; you know' run.
™ need it. so why don't you try It Instead of making a drug shop of your stemach? It's
9 easier to core yon now than it will be when youj pocr stomach is worn cot with drugs;
C5 «o come to m* now.
C I want you to call if you can and see how my appliance is made and let nt tan
you whether I can cure you or not. I don't charge fcr that.
@ Send fer my beautiful book, fun of the thinjs that make men c>s'.r» to be stroar.
q sealed, free If you send this ad.
I Dr. M. C McLaughlin, 2S ««J*&st
• Office Hours — S a. m. to S p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1.
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
[J j The degrading Dowers of Alcoholism have met their master in Dr. McKanna, who has thor- fe
j| ! oughly demonstrated that this dread habit is a disease which quickly responds to his humane y
H treatment. Many so-called "cures" have been tried requiring an indefinite absence from busi- S
c "i ness, treatments often attended with painful hypodermic injections and resulting in exceedingly H
K p injurious after effects. Not so with Dr. McKanna, whose fourteen years of experience have ef- ¦
B-| fected his celebrated Three-Day Liquor Cure. Unattended by personal discomforts, this treat- B
H {I • ment is of remarkably short duration and, resulting in a cure positively permanent, its effects in S
m « no way injurious to the system. Attesting its efficacy V ¦:;- p
rj p souls, representing an immense territory of human, suffering, have been released from the liquor- 0
h U craving bondage. Your determination to destroy this self-consuming taste . meets certain 0
R H success through the scientific skill of- Dr. McKanna. B
1$ It "T^^ *s|%» *TJT *£*. j— m s * «£. vbv^il wp a . s4
IB BE J. J. McKANNA I
1 1 The Original and Only 3-Day Cure for the Liquor Habit 1
H f| Open Day, Night and Sundays. " j|
[J 0 Dr. McKanna's Book on Alcoholism Sent on Request. . , »
E a Saritariums — Chicago, Kansas City, Oklahoma City, Dcs Moines and Seattle. a
ADVEBTISEHEENTS. ; _J
S^WeXk MEN CURED
Jr Vacuum Developer
1 ih AJCI> IKVIGORATOn. It qnleklr r»«tor*« Lost 6tr«neth or
a « i! vital Power and never falls to core Var!coc«le. Stricture. Drains.
I '• ijljj Weakness. Impoteaca or Proststlc Tronolem. It positively deT»!ot» »ad
3 • ijljj vitalizes VT»«k cr Debilitated Ore*n*. thus restcrtnr full yootafal n got.
I* ''M . OTTBS GUAKAJTTEED OS M03TBT BACX.
Affv* To rrore the marvelous «nd pesttir* merits of tn« VACT7CM
. TREATMENT you may tak« It on 10 days* trial and appror*! AJ5SO-
LUTELY FREE. W« can back op every claim w» maka. , }
Call cr TfTlte to-day for U-p&r* Illustrated bock No. C stawtnr n»ml» system •*».
•xplalniag.thls wonderful, convenient and simple HOME TREATMENT. 8eat plab.
ie **-W*e «rt* experienced physicians. Onr treatment ti* best aai eur fees Um tiaa
cue-half those of other strictly r»llab!# specialists.
CONSULTATION" FREE and confidential at ©ffle» or by xnalL -iours. 3 *. m. t»
i B p. m. Sundays. :0 a. m. to 1 p. m. Open evenlnss.
WO 2X0ITBT BEQUXBSD XTStTTZt CUBTTD.
HEALTH APPLIANGE CO.,
6 OTARRELL ST., Near Market. San Francisco.At the annual meeting of the Sun
set Improvement Club the following
officers were elected for the ensuing
year: President, W. W. Allen Jr.; vice
president, Frank Cornyn; secretary j J.
T>'. Bluxome; treasurer. John A. Hoey;
executive committee.' William, ?Bauer,
Edward\ Cox, William ' Murray, J. A.
Rutherford, - S. / E. Sherwood, .- F. C.
Sunder and A. Yost.
Improvement Club Elects "Officers.
Wai J. Tuska and his \vif«, Clara,
and W. C. Bruson, defendants in a suit
brought by John' G. Schwalm to re
cover money alleged to have been
fraudulently obtained, filed an answer
yesterday. They deny- that the sale
of stock 'upon which the suit is based
was j otherwise than a legitimate busi
ness transaction and say that' no at
tempt to defraud the plaintiff was ever
made
Deny Charges of Fraud.
Mrs. J. H. Grimlnger, grand chief
of the Companions of the Forest of
America., a resident of Los Angeles,
will visit this city next week for the
purpose of making offlclal visits, to
circles of the order in San Francisco
and vicinity. Her first visit will be to
Oakland Circle on January 18. The
following night she will visit Excel-'
slor Circle in this city; on January 20
she will be with Loreley Circle; on the
21st with Golden Era Circle; on the
22d. Imperial Circle, Oakland; 25th,
Bay City Circle, this city; 26th, Contra
Costa Circle, Antioch; ' 27th, Rose
Circle. Santa Rosa; 28 th, Martha
Washington Circle, this city; February
1. Sadi Carnot. Circle, Oakland; 2d.
Pride ot the Forest Circle, this .city;
3d, Robin Hood Circle; 4th, San Fran
cisco Circle in Mission Opera Hall.
A TWr of Visits.
W. P. Fuller &. Co. filed a suit yes
terday for an injunction restraining
the SouthSan Francisco Land and Im
provement Company from carrying
out its threat to discontinue the carry
ing of the employes of the plaintiff by
rail from the station of the Southern
Pacific Company in San Mateo. County
to the factory of the .plaintiff. It is al
leged that an agreement exists where
by the defendants agree to carry the
plaintiff's employes until such time as
other means of transportation are pro
vided. \ , - . . • , >.
Wants Contract Fulfilled.
Bishop Nichols Will Attend the Morn-
Ins Service at the Church of St.
' v " Mary the Virgin. ,
Services to be held at the local
churches to-day are as follows:
Grace* M. E. — Morning, "God's Free
Gift"; evening, "God's* Universal De
mand." Pastor, Rev. F. M. Larkin.
California-street '' M. E. — Morning,
"The, Example of Christ"; evening,
"Social Problems." Pastor, Rev.
Clarence Reed.
Hamilton M. E.— Morning, "Influ
ence After Death"; evening, "Lot's
Choice." Pastor, Rev. Charles O. Ox
nam.
Central M. E. — Morning, preachuig
by pastor, Rev. George W. While;
evening, same.
» -First M. . E. — Morning, "How • to
Make World Happy"; evening,
preachingi Pastor, Rev. E. F. Brown.
Trinity M. E. — Morning, "The Voice
of God on the Duty Next Us." ."Prep
arations of a Revival." Pastor, Rev.
John A. B. Wilson. '
First English Lutheran- — Morning,
"Word of Cheer for the Discouraged";
evening,' "Unbinding Lazarus." Pas
tor, Rev. E. Nelander.
Rev. Father Whittle will preach at
St. Ignatius Church at the 10-o'clock
mass this morning. \ Rev. Father Sa"
sia will preach in the evening. ¦ - , ¦'•
His Grace Archbishop Montgomery
PASTOKS • SKLKCT SUBJECTS -.
FOU SERMONS ON SABBATH
It was . only; after Anthony had ob
tained' his decree that Mrs." Anthony
was able to call upon her friends.' Even
after she had sent (or several -of. them
Anthony, though her husband no' long-
•PERJURES HIMSELF.
But it was only a dream. . He had
been here but a short time when she
noticed a change in his demeanor. She
grew nervous and excitable because of
the change, and soon her mind weak
ened under the strain. She realized
that treatment was necessary, and
when her husband suggested that she
go to a sanitarium she readily consent
ed, little knowing that her removal to
a hospital was the first step in her
husband's plan to rid himself of her. \
It was while she was in the hospital
that the papers in divorce were served
upon her. Thr % shock almost killed her,
but her friends rallied to her side and
told her that such an infamous pro
ceeding could not be tolerated in the
American courts. Affidavits were made
by these friends, in 'which Anthony's
knavery was exposed, and they were
filed with, the County Clerk. But they
were never presented, for A'nthony,
learning of the care exercised by his
wife's friends", went to her and by rep
resenting to her that" unless she de
nounced her friends to be victims of
mistaken zeal in her behalf he would
withdraw his charge of desertion and
sue on the ground of infidelity. With her
mind weakenetl by lllne.ssand by the
worries consequent upon her husband's
actions, Mrs. Anthony consented, and
when Anthony promised her that with
in a period of six months he would
again make her his wife if in his opin
ion the good Lord had sufficiently pun
ished her for her crimes against him,
personally paid a visit to the chambers
of Judge Hebbard, where the divorce
action was pending, withdrewher con
test of the suit and informed Judge
Hebbard . .that her friends were mis
taken — that she had deserted her . hus
band and that he was entitled to a
divorce. •
her husband. He came in due time and
joined her at the home of his sister,
where Fhe had been residing since her
arrival from* South Africa. He greeted
her effusively, and she thought that
here in this land of the free, undis
turbed by war or rumors of war, theirs
would be a happy life.
NOTICES CHANGE.
A short time after getting the decree
of divorce Anthony left the city 'and
went to Los Angeles. From there he
went to Yuma, Ariz., where he took unto
himself a second wife. With her he went
to the Orient, only returning in time
to appear and defend himself against
the charges made by his real wife.
Anthony has rendered himself liable to
prosecution on a charge of perjury, for
when he filed his action in divorce he
swore that he had been a resident of
this country one year, a statement ut
tery disproved by the testimony taken
in the proceedings instituted by his
wife.
er, exercised his control over her and
persuaded her to send them away and
to refuse them an audience. But they
persisted, with the result that a suit
was filed to set aside the decree of di
vorce on- the ground that it had been
obtained by methods calculated to de
ceive the court. . ,
A unique feature is being success
fully introduced into the Young Men's
Christian Association Sunday after
noon . service. The gathering is. now
known as the men's Sunday social re
ligious hour. An informal .reception
precedes the < address in the ! audito
rium. This afternoon at 2:30 o'clock
there will be a piano recital .in the
reception hall and selections by the
Knickerbocker male quartet. T,he ser
vice proper will be held at 3 o'clock
and a brief address will be given by
Frank S. Ford. The service is free to
all men. The life-question Bible class
at 4:30. o'clock is conducted by the
general secretary/ '
will bless St. Peter's School this after
noon at 4 o'clpck. The schoolhouse
is the second one"1built by the parish.
It is on Alabama street, near Twenty
fifth, and is intended for grammar
grade children. On the first floor
there are seven rooms capable of ac
commodating 350 students. On the
second lloor there is a large hall,
which will hold more than 1000 peo
ple.
The Right Rev. William Ford Nich
ols, D. D., Episcopal Bishop of the
diocese of California, will visit the
Church of St. Mary the Virgin, at the
11 a. m. service.
Mr. McXaught dwelt heavily upon
the necessity of Government control
of forest lands, if we would conserve
them with intelligence and with profit
to. the future, "for," said the speaker
forcefully, ""If we let our forests per
ish then we. too. shall perish. De
nuded hills and mountains mean
flooded valleys, for the trees that hold
the moisture in the forest floor no
longer exist.; Devastation must fol
low this unholy vandalism of- indis
criminate and ignorant destruction,
as its "blight ' falls , upon whole com
munities and' countries., And for this
fundamental reason the matter of
Then came the address^ — a talk upon
"Forestry" by John McNaught. The
address was distinctly the - drawing
card of the session. As a speaker at
women's clubs Mr. McNaught has
grown to be immensely popular. And
small wonder, since between his sen
tences of fact and fancy he adroitly
introduces some sly compliment to the
ladies. . Now, the effect yesterday was
electrical, calling forth a unanimous
vote of thanks from the members of
the club. The membership ot the
Sempervirens, Club, while not con
fined to» women, is really governed
principally' by them and greatly to
their credit. •
President' Mrs. Lovell White. San Francisco;
first vice president, Mrs. G. J. Bucknall. San
Franclsoo: second vice president. Abbot Kinne,
Los Angeles; third vice president, H. R. Mc-
Noble, Stockton. Grand President N. P. G. W. ;
fourth vice president, Mrs. Joseph le Conte,
Berkeley; recording secretary. Charles F.
O'Callashan, San FranciFco; corresponding sec
letary. Hiss B. M. Wilson, fan Francisco;
treasurer,, ssanford Bennett. Sa'n Francisco;
financial secretary. Professor Louis T. Hen»cst
ler. San Francisco; general secretary. Miss
Mary G. Gorham. San Francisco; literary sec
retary, Mrs. Carrie Stevens Walter. Pan Joser
club historian. Mrs. Luther Wagoner. San
Francisco: offlclal artist. A. P. HIM. San Jose.
Dlrectors-^Mlss Kate Atkinson, gan Francisco;
J. H. Aram, Boulder Creek: Mrs. A. G. Free
man, Berkeley: Miss Stella. Flnkeldey. Santa
Cruz (grand president N. IX G. W.>: Captain
R. F. Fletcher. Los Gatos; Mm. Edward F.
Glasscr. San Francisco; Hon. Joseph R. Know
land, Alameda; Mrs. J. C. Lynch. Berkeley;
AVllliam'W. Richards. San Francisco. ...",
The election was held early in the
session and there was ho scratching
or stuffing or other ballot-box sinning,
and the following ticket went through
in good order:
The Sempervirens Club held its an
nual meeting yesterday in the conser
vatory room of the Palace Hotel,
where an election, an address and a
prolific lot of resolutions were placed
on record.
Address by John McNanght Declaring
for Governmental Control of For
ests Commands Attention.
The address was the motive for tho
passing of four resolutions on the
lines suggested by Mr. McXaught, and
were presented by Miss B. Wilson,
Mrs. E. F. Glaser. Mrs. Bucknall and
W. W. Richards. After felicitating tho
speaker for the delightful half hour,
Mrs. Lovell White declared the an
nual meeting adjourned.
controlling the forests should be be
yond the vacillating power of Individ
uals and vested solely In. the Govern
ment, either State or national, for
that, and that alone, will insure to the
future the proper protection that we
have been all too slow in recognizing.
"However, the fact that we .must
face is- this: That we must, first of all.
take steps to obtain proper forest leg
islation, and then submit the law to
the Supreme Court to pass upon iw
validity. That done, the first great
step toward scientific | forestry wilt
have been {aken. And when framing
this law the lumberman must be pro
tected in the same ratio as the pub
lic. He must be protected from firs
and not taxed to death.
"In France and Switzerland the
most stringent forestry laws in. tho
world prevail. It is to be hoped, how
ever, that an intelligent understanding
by our people of the necessity of for
ests will not necessitate such drastic
measures as obtain in those countries.
But the fate of Spain, denuded of her
trees and despoiled and impoverished,
by. drought, carried a warning to her
neighbors that bore good fruit."
Mr. McXaught closed his talk by
quoting President Roosevelt, who em
braced the whole of forestry policy in
the fololwlng terse sentence: "The
preservation of the forests is the wise
use of them." ¦>*..-. "i;. .-
SKMPERV1KKXS CLUB
HOLDS ANNUAL SESSION*
She had been here but a very short
time when she was notified that her
husband, because of his Canadian birth
and espousal of the Boer cause, had
been apprehended by the British au
thorities and sentenced to be shot for
treason. Upon the receipt of the ca
blegram she went at once to Wash
ington, where, by means of the Influ
ence she. as a Wessels, possessed, she
interested the Government officials and
the fiat went forth that Anthony was
not to be harmed.
With heart gladdened she returned to
this city and awaited the coming of
Then they returned to South Africa,
where Mrs. Anthony succeeded in again
securing for Anthony a fine berth in
her family's sanitarium. Up to this
time their married life had been .a hap
py one, and Mrs. Anthony had no ink
ling of the troubles m store for her un
til Anthony suggested that for the sake
of their children she should return to
this country. Because of her love for
them fihe cons^pted to come here, with
the understanding that he would fol
low her.
Mrs. Anthony's story of her wrongs
is a romantic tale. It was in 1887 that
she, at that time Christina YVcssels.
heiress and cousin of President Stein of
the Orange Free State, first met An
thony. It was in fare Town, where
Anthony conducted a bicycle repair
ehop. and where, wh^n he was not busy
fixing tires and sprockets, he filled the
role of missionary'. Pne became inter
ested jr. him and in 1SS9 became his
wife. Being of the famous and wealthy
"Wessels family, eho did not lack in
fluence and in a short time- her husband
Becured a sood position in the largest
sanitarium in South Africa, a sanita
rium owned by the Wessela family.
She dev«-ted all her time and means
to her husband, and when he an
nounced that he would like to stu<iy
medicine, she willingly converted her
securities i^to cash and brought him
to thi? country. She took him to liat
tle Creek, Mich., and gave him a pre
paratory course and then brought him
to this city and defrayed the expense
of his four years' course at Cooper Med
ical College. Then srie took him to
Ann Arbor and gave him a post grad
uate course.
I:DUCATHI> ANTHONY.
The decisiim places Anthony in a
Borry plight, for within a very short
time after he had secured his freedom
from the ties uniting him to his South
African wife he wont to Yuma, Ariz.,
and there married a trained nurse he
had met in the sanitarium in which he
had kept his wife while he prepared his
divorce action.
NOW HAS TWO WIYKS
The decree o f div< rce Is declared void and
1« set asi.le ani annulled an-1 paid action is
<<rdered »l)smi t sM with all costs to plaintiff
herein.
Christina J. Anthony, his wife, had not
depe-rted Mm anri ,-he waK prevented from
defendins that art ion by. ihraatB and by vio
lence- sn.1 by jTomises which, were never ful
filled, and which were n*ver Intended to be
fulfilled, done and mad? hy the defendant
fcer*>jn.
This is *n action to hav<» set asid* and
annul a d^cr<»«» of divnro? <"ni*TP«i hy de
fault in thlf d*>i-ar;m^r!i of ih* court on th»
IClh day of Juno. 1MCC. in favor of Richard
6. Anthony and apalnst rhristlna Anthony.
Upon thp trial all of the allegation* of th*
plaintiff's ramplEtaf filp'l herein were jiroven.
Richard !?. Anthony was n<n a resident of
thi* Stale at the tiin«- the action for divorce
m-a.« tiled. .
In his decision in the suit handed
down Judge Hr bbcrd says:
When freed from his influence and
in a position t<» enter a defense against
her husband's charges. Mrs. Anthony
filed a pujt to set aside the decree of
divorce on the ground that it had been
fraudulently obtained. The suit was
tried before Judge Hebbard— as was
aJso thp suit for divorce — and he. in
deciding the oase yesterday, found that
the court had boon grossly deceived by
Anthony during thf trial of the divorce
proceedings and that Mrs. Anthony was
entitled to the relief she prayed for.
namely, a restoration to her of her
good name and a setting aside of the
decree of divorce.
COURTS OPINION.
Justice has at last been meted out
to Christina, the wife of Dr. Richard
S. Anthony. Though tardy, it is com
plete, »nd she now has it in her pqwer
to mekc it decidedly warm for the man
whose life she saved and who repaid
her for her devotion by restraining her
cf her liberty and branding her as an
unfaithful wife, and who then, by
means of threats of violence and ap
peals to her love for her children and
by playing upon fears engendered by
her religious belief, secured her consent
to allow him to secure a decree of di
vorce.
.Company. B, San Jose, is doing well.
It will soon have a full complement of
enlisted' men, and by February will
have a number on the waiting list
It is stated that Company I of Liver
more will in a short time have a com
petitive shooting match with Battery
B, Captain Grattan, of the First Artil
lery. The match will be at the Liver
more company's range, where . the
Krag-Jorgensen rifles can be used.
Company . D, San Rafael, Captain
Vanderbilt commanding, .will have an
election January 22 for first and second
lieutenants, vice Smith aiid Hawkins,
terms expired. This company will soon
return to its former armory in the Ma
sonic Temple, which ha3 been reno
vated. The company is recruiting rap
idly and will soon have a full comple
ment.
An election was held last week in
Company I, Fifth Infantry, to fill a va
cancy In the position of first lieutenant.
Major D. A: Smith presided, and there
were present fifty of the fifty-six mem
bers. Second Lieutenant L. Schoenfelt
was elected to fill the vacancy, and
Corporal . W. Beck was .elected second
lieutenant. The last named is a very
popular young man, who has been with
the company- since it was organized
and is a most enthusiastic guardsman.
This company will in a short time move
into a new armory, which is being spe
cially fitted up for it. After the election
Major Smith talked to the members for
some time on the line of the lecture
that was recently delivered" by Colonel
Wilhelm to one of the local organiza
tions. In this way the company was
instructed as to what the United States
inspector expects to see. t
The field officers of the Fifth Infan
try will hold a meeting this week for
the purpose of laying out work for the
year.
VACANCY FILLED.
If the board can frame a law that
will come up to expectations the rank
and file will have something that will
become a useful guide. The present law
is fearfully and wonderfully made. up,
and is such that no two men if not in
consultation can reach the same idea
as v to the meaning of many of the para
graphs, and when one concludes that
he has placed the right construction on
a section he finds further on another
section that upsets his former ideas,
and then still further on he will find
something that makes him greatly
doubt the meaning of the other sec
tions.
The "law" is an aggregation of sec
tions that are«not up to date and are
entirely at variance with the provisions
that require the National Guard to
keep up with the United States army
ideas. It is to make sense out of what
now is nonsense that this board has
been appointed. .
•^The resignation of Captain W. A.
Varney, Battery A, First Artillery, has
been accepted and an election order is
sued for the latter part of the month
to fill the vacancy. An election will
rIso be called shortly to fill the vacancy
in the signal corps in this city occa
sioned by the resignation of Captain
Selfridge.
Colonel Thomas Wilhelm, U. S. A.,
will commence the inspection of the
guard of this State during the current
week. ' •
A remarkable condition exists in the
guard at this time. The several organi
zations have been furnished Krag-Jor
gensen rifles, and the old Springnelds
have been boxed ready j to ship to the
United" States arsenal at Benicia, but
while the men have been furnished the
arms they have not been' furnished am
munition for such, nor have they been
furnished belts in which to carry the
ammunition. In case of need the guard
would find Itself with a lot of empty
guns, without anything to put in them
and the old guns unavailable.
The Board of officers— Major General
Dickinson, commanding the division:
Colonel Bangham, assistant adjutant
general; Colonel Pippy, judge advocate
general; Captain Simpson, Fifth In
fantry, and Captain Keesling, First
Artillery— selected for the purpose . of
considering proposed amendments to
the present military laws of this State,
to the end that the same may be made
to conform to the militia law as estab
lished by the act of Congres of last
January and to follow as nearly as the
conditions of the State will warrant the
outline of the general military law sug
gested in a circular from the War De
partment issued last October, has held
a meeting and laid out a plan for sys
tematic work along such lines.
A USEFUL GUIDE.
The officers also displayed a change
for the better and seemed to realize the
fact that, when in uniform and before
men in uniform the intimate friendship
that exists in every day life is not con
ducive to the best interests of the State
soldiery. The officers maintained an
unusual degree of dignity and the men
a remarkable amount of respect for
their superior officers.
. After a month's rest the officers of
the local organizations of the National
Guard assembled in their respective
armories on company night, and it was
apparent that there had been a deal of
brushing up during the month of rest.
The men'in the ranks appeared to have
profited by the lectures they received
during the last few months, and ap
peared more like soldiers than they
have for a long time past. There was a
neatness and smartness that was most
noticeable, and it may be taken as the
first step in the line of improvement
for the better. ¦
Liyermore Infantry to Shoot
a Match With Battery B of
the First Artillery Regiment
"The Judicious friends of union labor
deplore these excesses, and thoughtful
citizens are alarmed because the places
in our industries that should be filled
by trained .American youth are occu
pied by ever increasing foreign immi
gration, which is immediately taken
into unions and taught that it must de
pend upon the laws of the union and
the union oath, and not upon the laws
of the country and its oath of alle-
"It is not necessary further to discuss
the effect of denial or limitation of the
right to learn a trade. It means a sen
tence of American youth to moral
death, and its effect is seen in the mul
tiplication of State reform schools and
in the lowering of the age of criminals
at date of first conviction, until now
the average is a little above' twenty
years, showing, that enforced idleness
in youth leads to crime before the vic
tim reaches his majority. This means
steady moral decay infecting society
and the State.
"In addition to this denial of the
right of aprenticeship to American
youth, ambitious labor agitators claim
the right to license Amp rican labor and
to enforce the license by denying to
all non-union labor the right to work
at all. This extraordinary Infringement
of natural right is enforced by the boy
cott and by maiming and murder. The
employer undertakes to control "his
business: at the risk of Us destruction
and his ruin, and the free laborer
makes his own contract and performs
it at the risk of his life.
"With our. youth forbidden gainful
occupation, it is no wonder that our
national pride is shamed by the fact
that our percentage of criminal popu
lation increases and exceeds that of
Europe. Industrial training curbs li
centiousness, decreases the use of stim
ulants and narcotics and forms good
character, with habits of thrift, temper
ance and industry requisite for good
citizenship. Our criminal statistics
show that SO per cent of our prison pop
ulation are rersons who learned no
trade or handicraft.
RIGHT TO LEARN TRADE.
and as a matter of supreme interest to
its many readers presents it in full. Pt
is as follows:
"Kxoessive industrial organization
has been diverted from its professed
legitimate purpose into an instrument
of arbitrary power, often used willfully
and in denial of natural rights. In this
aspect the labor union has usurped and
exceeded the sovereignty of the State,
and assumes to be superior to the civil
and moral obligations of citizenship.
"These conditions have naturally
roused antagonisms which seriously
disturb the commerce and block the
progress of the country.. The misuse of
the power of organization in the hands
of the agitators has' not only caused
serious and defiant violation of law
and destruction of life and property,
but it has gone further than present in
jury by striking at the future welfare
of the country in certain matters of
such vital importance that it is folly
to ignore them. The limitation of ap
prenticeship to the handicrafts ha3
practically outlawed our native youth.
Forbidden the right to learn a trade,
they must either overcrowd the profes
sions or fester in the vices of idleness
until they require the restraint of re
form schools and prisons.
For some time it has been known in
this city that a movement was on foot
to organize a third force in the conflict
between employers and union labor or
ganizations. The matter has excited
the deepest, interest in industrial cir
cles, and new developments have been
anxiously looked for.
The organization has so far pro
gressed that an executive committee
has been formed and a statement of
the alms of the new organization has
\)een drawn up by the committee. The
Call has been able to obtain the state
ment from a member of the committee.
"With all the resources of the law, it
will defersrl those whose rights 'are in
fringed: will meet every emergency in
volving danger to life, liberty and prop
erty, caused by the lawless use of pow-.
er, with every legal weapon, and it will
punjue such admonitory policy as will
discipline the administrators of the law
in a more dutiful discharge of their
trust. These being its purposes, it in
tends to fearlessly administer a^ lesson,
useful alike to the. oppressor and the
oppressed, when rights are imperiled
and laws are defied."
"These great voices, in stating the
rights of man and the essentials of civil
liberty, have uttered the platform of
the Citizens' Alliance. We welcome im
migration, bu; deny to the immigrant
the right to- outlaw-' our. native youth:
We make no objection to labor unions,
but demand that the equal right ot
all men to labor be respected, and that
the laws which protect i' be enforced
impartially. We will not tolerate re
strictions on the employer to prevent
his employment of union labor, but his
right to employ non-union labor is of
equal <i:gnity and must not be re
strained. Every, restriction on Ameri
can citizens, other than those imposed
by the law, must { u destroyed, to the
end that' no man in this country shall
be subieet to the arbitrary will of an
other. When "these principles are rec
ognised and enforc 1 there will be In
dustrial peace and justice.
"It is the purpose of the Citizens*
Alliance to insure peace to every man
in the prosecution of his business and
the performance of his labor." and to
make him safe in his home and on the
street, from the insults and assaults
heretofore encouraged by agitators.
PLATFORM OF ALLIANCE.
•In his 'Faith of Our Fathers,' Car
dinal. Gibbons says: 'A man enjoys
civil liberty when he is exempt from
the arbitrary will of otiiers, and when
he is governed by equitable laws, es
tablished for the general welfare of
socitey; so long as, in common with
his feilow citizens, he observes the law
of the State any exceptional restraint
imposed upon him in the exercise <rf
his rights as a citizen is so far an in
fringement upon civil liberty.'
"In a subsecuent publication Cardi
nal Gibbons says: 'The right of a non
union laborer to make his own contract
freely, arid perform it without hin
drance, is so essential to civil liberty
that it must be defended by the whole
power of this Government.'
"One of. the greatest American ju
rists, a Justice of the United States
Supreme Court, in a decision says: 'The
equality of right, with exemption from
all disparaging and partial enactments
in the lawful pursuits of rife through*
out the whole country, is the distin
guishing privilege of American citizen
ship. To American citizens 'everywhere
all pursuits, all vocations, . all prof cs
sions are open vtfthout oth^r restric
tions than such as are imposed equally
upon all others of the same age, sex
and condition. The state may prescribe
such regulations as promote the public
good, but the pursuit or "calling, must
be free to be. followed by every citizen
who is within the conditions desig
nated and will conform to the regula
tion. That, only " a free country, in
the -American sense of the term, under
which the inalienable right of every
citizen to pursue his happiness is un
restrained, except by just, equal and
impartial laws.'
"Blackstone says: 'Civil liberty, the
great end of all human society and gov
ernment, is that state In which each
individual has the power to pursue his
own happiness,' according to his own
views of his Interest, and the dictates
of .his own conscience, unrestrained ex
cept by Just, equal and impartial laws.'
free his subjects from any restriction
upon this inalienable right of human
ity/ , .--... • - . •
LAWGIVER'S WORDS.
„¦" 'The' allurement of -the fiscal advan
tages made in these money contribu
tions undoubtedly prolonged the illu
sions and concealed the vast injury
they did to industry and their infrac
tion of natural rights. This delusion
has extended so far that it is asserted
that the 'right to work at all is a royal
privilege, which the King might sell,
and that his subjects were bound to
purchase of him. We hasten to correct
this error and to repel the conclusion.
God, in giving to man wants and de
sires rendering labor necessary for their
r.atlsf action, conferred the right to la
bor upon all men. and this property is
the first, most sacred and imprescripti
ble of all. The King therefore regards
it as the first duty of his justice and
the worthiest act of benevolence to
"It stands for law and order and for
the primitive rights of man. Adam
Smith, in his "Origin of the Wealth of
Nations," says: 'The property which
a man has Is his own labor, as it is
the original foundation o*f all other
property, so it is the most sacred and
inviolable. The patrimony of the poor
man lies in the strength and skill of
his hands; and to hinder him* from
employing: his strength and dexterity
in what manner he thinks proper, with
out injury to his neighbor, is a plain
violation of the most sacred property.
It is a manifest encroachment upon the
just liberty of both the workman and
of those who might be disposed to em
ploy him. As it hinders the one from
working at what he thinks proper, so
it hinders the others from employing
whom they think proper.'
"The trade unions and jurandes <rt
France, deterred by .fear of the law
from denying the right* to labor," by
(Subventions' and financial contributions
to the King, persuaded him that it was
the royal prerogative to license or for
bid men to labor. When the great
Turgot "became Minister of Finance of
Louig XVI he persuaded that monarch
to repudiate this monstrous doctrine in
a decree which he wrote for tho royal
signature, in which he said:
A\ TIIOH1TIKS QUOTED
'"By these means there has been es
tablished an absolute control of every
man's private business 'by those who
have no legal interest in it and no legal
right to intrude upon it. This interfer
ence extends to manufacturers, farm
crops, building material and strikes at
every point vital to community life.
Using the sympathetic strike and boy
cott, assault and assassination, it in
tlicts loss and injury upon employee
and laborer alike, and \vh(?h no ques
tion of hours or labor is involved fre
quently paralyzes transportation and
business merely to enforce a demand for
recognition, which means the outlawing
of free labor and denial of the right ot
private contract and of. freedom of
crioice to the employer \jf tho material
he can use or the merchandise he will
handle. Under these conditions various
organizations of employers, manufac
turers and others have been made in
response to sudden emergency, their
purpose being of necessity limited by
the quality of the emergency. But the
far-reaching nature of the injury in
flicted by these excesses of power has
seemed to demand a more thorough and
thoughtful treatment than can be ex
pected of men who band together to
meet a risk in their personal affairs.
So the Citizens' Alliance- has risen, an
organization of the community, of the
third party, heretofore not considered
in those industrial wars, hut the party
that endures their cost and loss and
stands impartially between the parties
to the conflict.
BOYCOTT ASSAILED.
giance. Immigration should assimilate
our political institutions and become
American, but under the union policy
its Tirst training is in lawlessness and
disorder, and it is apt to remain an
alien, increment, thankjess for Its asy
lum and ungrateful for its liberty.
Hebbard Rules That the .South
African Heiress Was Made
Victim of .Scheming 1 Husband
SETS JUDGMENT ASIDE
LIEUTENANTS ARE ELECTED
Court Finds Decree of Divorce
Granted Her Spouse Was Ob
tained bv Fraudulent 31ethods
Guardsmen Armed With New
Rifles, but Department Fails
to Provide the Ammunition
Executive Committee of Citizens' Alliance of San Francisco
Prepares Declaration of Reasons That Prompted Its' Birth,
Which The Call Is Now Enabled to Furnish Its, Readers
MRS. ANTHONY
IS VINDICATED
WORK FOLLOWS
MONTH'S REST
NEW INDUSTRIAL ORGANIZATION GIVES
STATEMENT OF ITS CAUSE AND BEING
•¦¦•.¦•¦ . ¦ ¦¦-¦¦¦¦¦ . .; . ¦ »
THE SAN FRANCISCO. ..CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10, 1904
38
"Colonial Dame and Virginia Belle." |
" '"~~ "~ ' j
The reader* of The Call get thp latest and best
nrt pictures in the market, and next Sunday's offering,
an exquisite pair of panels hi colors. "Colonial Dame
and Virginia Belle," Is only further proof of the
above statement. . %
It is a double attraction ami is from thp brnsh of
the eminent painter, IMcrre Carricr-Bclluesp. It rep-
resents two charming and graceful young women, two
superbly interesting fijjure**; in fact, they are compan-
ion pictures and on the same plate. To a remark-
able degree they possess that quality which the
French call "chic." n quality which Is made up of
dash, attractiveness and skill. They represent two su-
pcrbly drawn form.*, while the beauty of contour of
tlicir figures is delicately suggested under the mass of
/ drapery which dominates the charmins: characters.
The t-olors are simply delightful, notes of pink and
j;reen beins set off by contrasting notes of pink and
black.
The artist who created these beautiful women Is
a pupil of Cabanel. and shows the sympathy, the
grace and the atmosphere of that famous master.
Pierre Cnrrier-Belluese was born In Paris nearly
fifty years ago, hns received the highest medals at, the
universal expositions in 1880 and In 1900 and is a
member of the Society of French Artists.
Thousands are having these beautiful art pictures
framed. Nothing has ever been given away that pos-
sesses the. novelty and artistic, cleverness that "Tho
Colonial Dame nnd Virginia Belle" does when in-
closed in a neat cold frame.
Unless you arc a regular subscriber it will be well
to order your 'carrier to-day to reserve you
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Aii Tram News Agents Sell THE CALL. All Newsdealers on the
Pacitic Coast Have THE CALL on Sale. Kick if You Don't Gst it.
Ai)VEBTXSE2IENT.S.
I « "* *"™""^™™< Si >» ©
I r ft"!* 159 »c Tr *•
f ¦ '.jf • P 1 ? __ Im . "" CI — ¦ O
I * C&ffl&^E* '? a ».At the burial of a South London man
his. six 'dogs, draped in black, followed
the cortege. *
YREKA. Jan. 0. — The, Supervisors' of Slski
you County have unanimously refused to raise
the liquor, license to $500 a year. A petition
asking . for the Increased rate had been ' pre
sented to the board.*,;- '¦'¦¦¦
ROME. Jan. 9. — Because of the threatenlnc
condition of th* fimoun Cathedral of Spoleto.
portions of the walla of which f*II on Tn<r»
day last, the Government tta« or-icr-d th« Im
mediate removal o* the tombs cf Fri PlU^pi,
Uaol and Orjial.
Governor Appoints Former Senator.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9.— Governor
Pardee this afternoon appointed ex-
Senator E.C. Voorheis of Sutter Creek
a Trustee of the Preston School of In
dustry at lone, vice J..HL Durigan of
Woodland, resigned.
received. The gash is a long one,
reaching clear across the side of the
lower part. of her face.- The v.-ound
will leave an ugly scar, which she will
¦wear through life. The slasher has
not vet been found.
OAKLAXD, Jan. 9.— The material
teamsters elected and Installed the fol
lowing officers at the regular meeting
last night: .Chairman... CL.:G. Walker;
vice president, ; F. Lewis; •; recording
secretary, H. . Manning; ; secretary
treasurer," W. . E. Greer; trustees— G.
Mitchell, for three years; E. Williams,
for two years'; -C. Christensen, for one
year. ; •
The members of the Columbia Park
Boys' Club, under,, command of Major
Pelxotto, have, volunteered their ser
vices for the McIOnnon memorial fund
concert at the Mechanics' Pavilion" on
January 21. * The little fellows have ap
peared at numerous benefits and enter
tainments in this city and have always
attracted a great deal of attention.
Dplll for McKinnon Benefit.
OAKLAXD, Jan. 9. — Burglars en
tered the residence of Paul Schoen,
1932 Grove street, during -the absence
of - the family ' this afternoon, secur
ing valuables to the amount of more
thari : '$250. Entrance was effected by
tearlngUhe screen from a pantry win
dow, which had been left open. The
articles stolen were two gold watches,
a gold watch fob and three gold tings,
one of which was set- with a diamond.
Bnrglars Secure Jewelry.
OAKLAXD. Jan. 9. — Eugene Sturte
vant, who resides at 2222 Grand street.
Alameda, slipped on the floor of Maple
Hall, where he was attending a dance
last night, and in trying to save him
self falling thrust his hand through a
window. The broken glass cut
wrist, almost severing the tendon-i.
His Injuries were dressed at the-Re
ceiving Hospital.
Wrist Cut by Broken Glass.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 9.— Joseph Know
land, the prominent capitalist, who
was ' yesterday stricken with conges
tion of the brain while in his office, in
San Francisco, was resting easier to
night and the attending physician and
members of his family are now hope
ful that he will rally from the shock
and necover. ';.
Joseph, Knowland Improves.
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 9. — The Boston
and Montana Company of the Amal
gamated Copper group to-day offered a
reward ofJSOOO for information which
will lead to the conviction of. those
guilty of dynamiting the Pennsylvania
workings and' causing the * death /of
Samuel Olson and Fred Divel on Janu
ary 1; ¦
Boston and Montana Mining Company
Offers Reward for Apprehension
of Murderers.
TRYING TO IiEARN
WHO DID DYNAMITING
OAKLAND. Jan. 9.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: George E. Wil
liams, 21. and Julia D. Swafford, 19.
both of Oakland; Fred W. Carey, 24,
Sacramento, and Stella E. Doan, 22.
San Francisco; John W. Rogers, 62,
and Elizabeth Lovel, 50, both of Oak
land; William Marsden, 26, and Emma
T»I. Ducss, 23, both of San Francisco;
Ben D. Robinson, 22. and Lyle B.
Perkins, 17, both of Oakland; Burger
Andreen, 21, and Ingrid Miesterlin, 18,
both of New York; Charles .W. Jones,
25, and Martha A. Burghardt, 23,. both
of Oakland; Frank Gentoza, 21. and
Angelina Vaniene, 16/ both of Oak
land.
Jiarriagc Licenses.
The bis realty companies in New I
York have seen their business under- I
go surprising: changes in the last six*
or eisht years. Before . that time peo
ple ¦ who wanted to build modest
homes would go to the companies' i
offices. This is changed now. The
lots are sold, more and more, by can
vassers. One of the leading men in a
concern that buys; up large tracts in;
New, Jersey and sells them cald the.
other day that the sales he now makes '
in the office would not keep the bus!-!
ness afloat a day. Canvassers dispose j
of the property, for. if the people will
not come, they must be sought out —
New York Letter. ;
Canvassers Do the Business.
In sending to a friend a« refutation
of an error, while noticing that the
promulgator of the error had him
self corrected it, Wayne MacVeagh
remarks: "But retraction, however
full and honorable, follows falsehood
but lamely and never Quite catches up
with it. for it is fleet of loot and won
derfully elusive, as its parentage en
titles it to be." We are slad that
air. MacVeagrh Is so orthodox — though
It may be that he affects orthodoxy
in order to conciliate the orthodox,
to whom he sends his speech before
The Hague tribunal. We are entire
ly certain that the retainer would
have to be extremely large which
would make a devtt'3 advocate out of
him, and that he would try to bavs
the case removed from the devil's do
main — to Philadelphia, for instance. —
Brooklyn Eagle.
Wayne MacVeagh's Orthodoxy.
BERKELEY, Jan. 0.— Professor Thomas
Walker Pase and Mrs. Page returned to th«
university to-day after an absence of eighteen
months. Dr. Pate cornea back- to the univer
sity to teach economics. Durlne his absence
he has be;n head of the department of eco
nomics and political economy a£ the Univer
sity of Texas. When Professor Kendric C.
Babcock was recently called to the presidency
of the University of Arizona a vacancy was
created tn the department that was hard to
fill and it was only after lenstny negotia
tions that Di. Pa*e was prevailed upon to
return to California. He will resume his work
with the reopening o£ the university on Mon-
8 B<?rt C." Austin. '90. has been appointed to the
assistant superintendency of the Onelda-mfce
at Jackson. . • ¦:'-<.'¦ .
E. E Wood. '03. has received an appointment
as teacher In the Alarccda Hlica School, suc
ceeding S Bruce Wright. 'KX,, promoted to
the principalohlp of" the Porter Grammar
School of Alcmeda.' s : /_ ;j
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Smoking cigarettes is said to have
become prevalent among the High
School students, who do not attempt
to disguise the fact at all. The habit
has thus been contracted by some of
the younger students.
BERKELEY, Jan. 9. — Morris C.
James, In delivering his annual ad
dress yesterday to the students of the
Berkeley. High School, took advantage
of the occasion to trounce verbally the
youths of the school that spend a good
deal of their time out of school hours
smoking cigarettes.
"If this were a private school." he
said, "and I had control of it, I would
dismiss every pupil that smoked cigar
ettes."
Slorris C. James, Principal of the
Berkeley High School, Gives Stu
dents His Opinion.
CASTIGATES THE YOUTHS
THAT SMOKE CIGARETTES
His Majesty's approval of the en
gagement between Prince Alexander)
of Teck and Princess Alice of Albany
is .thus notified In a supplement to the
London Gazette, which was Issued
last night: \
"At the court at Buckingham Pal
ace, the 16th day of November, 1303.
"Present.
"The King's most excellent Majesty in
"council.
"His Majesty was this day pleased
to declare his consent to a contract of
matrimony, between her Royal High
ness the Princess Alice Mary Victoria
Pauline, daughter of his Royal High
ness the late Prince Leopold. Duke of
Albany, and her Royal Highness the
Duchess of Albany, and his Serene
Highness Prince - Alexander Augustus
Frederick William Alfred George of
Teck, which consent his Majesty has
caused to be signified under the great j
seal and to be entered in the books •
of the privy council." — London Ex- '
press. _' 1 _ * ¦
Words — and a Wedding.
The following officers were installed
for the ensuing year: Harry I. Mul
crevyi worthy*- past president; Jerome
A. Bassity; worthy president; John S.
Parry,- worthy vice president; James
L. Nagle.^ wprthy Gustave
Pohlmann," worthy- secretary (re-elected
for the "k fifth term); Harry d. Pohl
mann. worthy financial secretary' (re
elected); John T. .Sullivan, treasurer
(re-elected); Fred H. Everett, conduct
or (re-elected) ; John P. Re illy. Inside
guardian; .Thomas M. Ferguson, out
side guardian ; Daniel E. Anglum (re
elected), Thomas J.Clancj; and Ernest
Bohlen, trustees, and Dr. \*.' J. Keefe
and Dr. Ed Bunnell, worthy physicians.
After the installation ceremonies re
-freshments were served and an Inter
esting literary programme was present
ed and thoroughly enjoyed.
A handsome^ floral piece was present
ed to Jerome A. Bassljry by Davlu
Becker and Edward B. Jewell.
The State deputy grand president,
Charles G. Nagle, presided as install
ing officer, "assisted by Thomas H.
Lindsay, acting as grand worthy con
ductor; James F.. Cheetham, Judge
John Hunt. Judge Thomas F. Graham,
James Moff ett, David Becker," William
Clack, J. George Crowley and R, M.
Donnelly.
Installation of officers of San Fran
cisco Aerie No. 5, Fraternal Order of
Eagles, was held Friday evening at
Eagles' Hall, 731 Market . street, at
which meeting some live hundred or
more members were present.
Follows Ceremonies and Worthy
President Is Honored.
Interesting and Enjoyable Programme
EAGLES INSTALL OFFICERS
FOR THE ENSUING YEAR
Charles E. Randall fit Chicago. Asses
sor of Cook County, Illinois, and his
wife and a party of friends arrived at
the Palace yesterday. They are hers
on a pleasure trip.
Eank Commissioner Guy B. Barham
and wife of Los Angeles are staying at
the California. ¦¦-":'.£" V
Robert H. Turner, a member of the
City Council of Nevada City, is regis
tered at the Lick.
T. E. Gerald. A. W. Whitney and
Arthur Wilson, Insurance men of Port
land, arrived* from the north yester
day and are registered at the Occi
dental.
Arthur H. Steil leaves to-day for
New York, where he will remain for
a month.
A. it. Diamond, an insurance man
of Portland, Is staying at the Palace.
J. L. Bryson. a mininc man of May
fort, Is at the Lick.
Edwin E. Nicol. an attorney of
Stockton, is at the Lick.
t T J. O. Hestwood, a mining: man of
San Jose, is at the Grand.
ThVmas' Ewing, a prominent mining
mah^of Lo? Angeles, is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The transport Sherman, which was
scheduled to sail for Manila on Feb
ruary 1 with troops and stores, -will
not go as intended. Her place will be
taken by the Sheridan, now en route
home from Honolulu, from which port
she sailed on the 6th. This should
bring 1 her here early on the morning?
of the 14th. This new order from
Washington Trill leave ttie Sherman,'
Buford and Crook for any emergency
call. The freight transport Dixie sailed
from Nagasaki for San Francisco on
January A.
Mrs. Carney, who was slashed by a
colored cavalry man, was taken to .the
General Hospital yesterday and had
the stitches removed from the cut she*
First Lieutenant Charles E. Dority,
who has been laid up for five months
in the General Hospital, haa been
granted a three months' leave of ab-
Fcnce and will depart on Monday to
visit his family in Michigan. Lieuten
ant Dority has been for the last four
vcars in the Philippines with his com
pany, th* Twenty-fourth Philippine
Scouts. For a large portion of the
time the Scouts were located in the vi
cinity of Coloocan. They are now un
der orders to go to St. Louis to partici
pate in the exposition ceremonies.
Major William Stephenson left yes
terday for a ten days' trip to make an
inspection of the Nacimiento rancho,
with a view of selecting suitable
grounds for the establishment of a
target «range there and also to report
on the advisability of laying out big
grounds at that place for- general
maneuver practice.
The promotion of Colonel Alexander
Mackenzie to chief of Corps of Engin
eers, with rank of brigadier general.
was perhaps the greatest surprise of
all. It was a clean Jump over the
heads of Colonel C. R. Suter, Colonel
Garrett L. Lydecker and Colonel Amos
SUckney. all of whom ranked him.
Colonel Mackenzie was the senior
member of the board that recently re
turned from Honolulu, where it had
been engaged In locating military sites
for the Hawaiian Islands. General
Frank M. Coxe, the only officer pro
moted in this department, was besieged
all day long with visits of brother of
ficers offering congratulations, and was
also the recipient of telegrams from all
over the country. Rumors o: -war news
also added to the general excitement
in the Phelan building.
Army circles were in a etate of ex
citement yesterday over the announce
ments of different promotions and re
tirements. All day long the headquar
ters building was besieged by officers
located at the different posts around
th»- bay. who had come In to. discuss
thf» situation and glean any news as
to which of the lower officers stood the
bc*=t chance for promotion.
Official* Busy Gueseins
Announcement of Promotions and
Reports of War News lieep the
ARMY CIRCLES IN STATE
' OF UNUSUAL EXCITEMENT
The officers of Amity Rebekah Lodge.
I. O. O. F., were installed by District
Deputy President of the California As
sembly Mrs. Flora Bergman, and her
staff of assistants in the Odd Fellows'
building last night in public, there be
ing many persons to witness the beau
tiful ceremony. The new officers are:
Kate Howard, noble grand; Ida M.
Irving, vice grand; Alma Jessen, re
cording secretary; Lizzie Cummings,
financial secretary; Sarah Moulton,
treasurer: Laura Lowric, right,- and
Sarah Hill, left supporter to the noble
grand; Anna Knippenberg. warden;
May Vfncent, conductress; Sophie Vin
cent, inside, and William Randall,
outer guard.
Ada Z. Stites, the retiring noble
grand, was presented with a handsome
ly embroidered collar. The deputy was
presented with a pretty silver souvenir
spoon, and Christine Randall, who at
the close of the ceremony performed a
cornet solo, was presented with a mini
ature gold cornet, to be warn as a
watch charm. Tl\en followed a short
programme of song and music, after
which there was dancing for an hour.
The officers of Walhaila F.ebekah
Lodge, the German lodge of this city,
were installed by Tlstrict Deputy
Franz of Oakland. They are: Bertha
Proll/past noble grand; Fredia Peter
sen, .iOble grand; Anna Reigge, vice
grand; Dora Segelken, recording, and
Georglana Hencken, financial secre
tary; Otillle Eging, treasurer; Ida Ketl
from, warden; Mary Hocking, conduc r
tress; Anna llaurer, guard, and Emma
Grenninger, chaplain. Mrs. Proll, the
retiring noble grand, was the' recipient
of a costly crystal berry bowl. Each of
the -.coming officers was presented
with a great bunch of beautiful fra
grant flowers, after which a collation
was served. The' social branch of this
lodge will give a leap year party in
Union Square Hall on February 25.
Those Who Have Been Chosen to Rule
in Amity and Walhalla Are
Inducted.
BERKELEY. Jan. 9. — Signs that
were posted at Eerkeley and Dwlght
way stations to-day revived the story
that the Southern Pacific Company in
tonds to begin charging fares between
stations on its local line. The signs
•warn prospective passengers that, they
must purchase tickets before attempt
ing to board the trains. Superintend
ent W. S. Palmer denies, however, that
it is the present intention of the rail
road company to charges fares.
He said to-night that the signs had
been put up in conformity with a rule
of the corporation, but that the charg
ing of fares is a matter for future con
sideration. Fares will ultimately be
charged, he said, but that may be a
long time in the future. At any rate
there is no intention of charging fares
beginning with next Monday, as re
port had it to-day on the streets of
Berkeley.
Railroad Posts Sign*, but Superintend
ent W. S. Palmer Says They Have
No Significance.
REBEKAII LODGES INSTALL
OFFICERS FOR THE TERM
DIRECTS PASSENGERS TO
PURCHASE TRANSPORTATION*
The university 'will have the refusal
of this allotment until February 1. By
that time the Board of Regents will
have decided whether an appropriation
will be made. V ,
Professor Christy found that there
are a number of advantages about the
place, particularly In regard _to loca
tion. The space is in one of the vesti
bules, where sightseers will becoming
and going constantly through the eight
entrances. Between these entrances
there is a large amount of wall space,
v/hich may be utilized for pictures and
maps. The aisles, which will be fifteen
feet wide,' will absorb considerable
floor space, but there will remain suffi
cient to make exhibits in cases along
the walls. A space ten feet square will
remain in the center for utilization.
There seems to be some doubt as to
the position the regents will assume
in regard to the proposed exhibition.
It will take at least $5000 to make a
creditable exhibit and in view of .the
recent disclosures with reference to
finances, involving probably the loss ofr
$35,000, the Regents may feel that they
would not be justified in appropriating
such a sum for mere advertising. The
whole thing will be decided, however,
on January 12, when the Regents meet
again; that is, if the JIcKowen scandal
docs not absorb" all the attention of the
board at that time.
The decision to accept the allotted
space was made after the committee
heard from. Professor S. B. Christy,
who returned this morning from St.
Louis. Professor Christy was largely
instrumental In securing the space and
was so familiar with its location and
advantages that he was enabled to give
a ecod account of it.
It now devolves upon the, Board of
Regents of the University of California
to say whether the university will be
represented as an' exhibitor at the St.
Louis World's Fair, the faculty com
mittee appointed by President Wheeler
having decided at a meeting to-tfay to
accept the 1600 square, feet of space as
signed to the university by the fair of
cials.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center Street, Jan. 9.
Otto Emerson of Hay wards read a
paper on "The Feet and Bills of Birds
in Relation to Their Food Habits" and
J. A. Anderson delivered a lecture on
"Bird Islands in Cooks Inlet." Wal
ter K. Fisher, son of Dr. A. K. Fisher
of the United States Department of
Agriculture was again selected to be
the editor of the Condor, the official
publication of the society, which 13
issued bi-monthly. Thi3 magazine is
regarded by ornithologists as the best
of its class printed in America.
There are now more than 200 mem
bers enrolled in the Cooper Club and
included in these are many of the
prominent natural scientists of Cali
fornia and the Eastern States. Meet
ings are held by the society; every two
months.
.ALAMEDA. Jan. 9. — Students of
birds and bird life gathered in force
to-night at the home of Henry Reed
Taylor, where the eleventh anaual
meeting of the Cooper Ornithological
Club was held. Officers to act for the
ensuing year were elected, several pa
pers were read and a banquet was
served. Those chosen to manage the
organization in an official capacity
during 1904 are: President, Henry
Reed Taylor; vice president, R. B. Mo
ran of San Luis Obispo; secretary,
Charles S. Thompson of Stanford Uni
versity; treasurer, Joseph Grinnell of
Pasadena.
OAKLAND. Jan. 9.— The engagement
is announced of Miss Celeste Disney
of this city to John H. Robbins, the
eldest son of former Judge George Bob
bins, a pioneer jurist and attorney of
San Francisco, who for many years has
resided atyS797 Telegraph avenue. Mr.
Robbins Is in the employ of a promi
nent real estate company of San Fran
cisco and is well known in this city,
where he is prominent in church cir
cles, beins an active member of the
Christian Endeavor Society of the First
Congregational Church.
Miss Disney Is a native of Des Moines,
Iowa, where her parents now reside. At
present she is staying at the home of
Mrs. A. G. Jones, 617 Eighteenth street.
The date of the wedding has not yet
been Bet, but it will probably take place
during the coming summer.
Cooper Clul) for the Study of
Birds Chooses Officers for
New Year and Enjoys Banquet
University of California Will
Exhibit if the Board Will
Appropriate Enough Money
ALL DEVOLVES
UPON REGENTS
ORNITHOLOGISTS
HOLD MEETING
will be specially issued.
The host placed several automobiles .
at the disposal of his guests after the
luncheon, as they desired to inspect the i
fir.al arrangements for the completion J
of the new Jefferson Square Club,
which will occupy the entire second
floor of the Pioneer Automobile Com
pany's building at the corner of Golden
Gate avenue and Octavia street. !
The club directors gave their personal
attention to several details in the
equipment and furnishings of the club
and are enthusiastic over the prospect
of bowling as a prominent feature,
which will supply a long felt want to
lovers of this sport in San Francisco. j
Among other luxuries of the club will I
be an excellent grillroom with private'
telephones on all tables, a buffet, read- j
ing. and lounging, room and billiard and t
pool tables. 7 j
The club will bo open to members on I
January 14 for the first time. The mem
bership, which has been kept very ex- '
elusive, includes members of the Uni
versity, Bohemian. Cosmos and Family
clubs. Every effort will be made to
keep the club attractive to both ladiss
and gentlemen, admitting the wives
and sisters of members by cards, which
Officers and directors for the new
Jef£er3on Square Club were elected yes
terday at a special meeting. William
Greer Harrison was unanimously
chosen for president. Henry J. Crocker
vice president and Frank H. Kerrigan
secretary. The' directors are Edward
M. Greenway, J. R. Howell. Dr. Her
bert Gunm Charles Elliott. Dr. James
F. Pressley and Henry G. W. Dinkel
spid. Immediately after the appoint
ments the entire party was entertained
at luncheon by M. L. Rosenfeld in the
blue dining-room of the Olympic Club.
The table was made attractive with a
large centerpiece of red and white roses.
The luncheon was informal; ~many
funny stories v;ere told and the utmost
good nature characterized the ent're
affair.
Members or New Organization Are
Making Preparations for Its
Opening on the 14th Inst.
?JEFFERSON' SQUARE 'CLUB
ELECTS ITS OFFICERS
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE OF
OAKLAND WHOSE "ENGAGE
MENT HAS BEEN ANNOUNCED.
The executive committee of San
Francisco met at the Mayor's office and
after considering the matter decided
to return the unexpended money to the
original subscribers.
Cornelius Bliss, treasurer of the fund
in New York, was notified, and yester
day A. Sbarbo'ro, treasurer of the fund
in San Francisco, received a check for
one-half of the amount subscribed in
this city, which will now be refunded
to all subscribers. Checks will be
mailed to all known subscribers, and
others will be paid on the presentation
of receipts. The national committee
reports that it received subscriptions
from nearly one thousand persons.
San Francisco sent donations from one
hundred and thirty subscribers.
The committee appointed by the
President, after having made all the
disbursements for aid which they could
judiciously make, found that they still
had on hand one-half of the total
amount received from subscribers,
whereupon notices were sent out to the
different committees asking them
whether they desired the money col
lected refunded to the subscribers or
whether they wished to appropriate
the same for the relief of suffering
Filipinos.
The persons that subscribed to th«
relief fund for the aid of persons ren
dered homeless by the recent destruc
tion of towns and lives In the West
Indian Islands by the eruption of a
volcano on the island of Martinique
are to have one-half of the sums they
subscribed refunded.
At the time of the disaster the ap
peal was so spontaneously answered
that in a short time the President
notified all the committees to stop re
ceiving subscriptions, as all the money
required for the purpose of aiding the
sufferers had been received.
Committee Appointed by President to
Return to Subscribers One-Half
S of the 3Ioney Collected.
WIIjIj REPAY PORTION
OF MARTINIQUE FUND
General Has Informed His
government That His Mission
to the Capital Is a Failure
Father Powers of Livermore has peti
tioned the court to appoint him guard
ian of the children.
Deputy Sheriff Pete White, In charge
o* the County Jail, swore to a com
plaint to-day charging the woman with
insanity. He states that they can do
nothing with the woman In the Jai'.
She charse3 th2 pec-pie at Livermore
that have taken temporary charge of
her children with trying to railroad her
to an insane asylum in order to retain
the custody of her children.
She was sentenced to thirty days in
the County Jail by Justice of the Peace
Taylor at Livermore, and since her
Incarceration it has been determined
that she is insane.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. Jan. 9.
Mrs. Lena Hill, who was found wan
dering with two young children In the
country near Livermore, is insane.
With two little girls. 10 and 12 years
of age. respectively, she made her way
f Am Reno, Nev.. to the small towns in
the southern part cf this county, where
she was errested for malicious into
chief.
Profesror Christy said that he was
pc-.erally pleased with the plans for
the 'air and that the site was particu
larly fortunate. The California
building is three-quarters finished and
will be ready in ample time for the
opening of the frJ.r.
"II the resents do not make a suf
ficient appropriation for the mining
exhibit the University of California
will not be represented in the land
grant minins exhibit in the Educa
tional Building. The other land
grant colleges, that is those that re
.ceive appropriations, will be repre
sented, however, and it is my work to
arrange thorn.
"We have been offered space In the
Mining Building adjacent to the Cali
fornia State exhibit and may be forced
to tcil;e that in case the plnns for the
exn\bit in the Educational Building do
not maturp." « '
Of this 16,000 square feet a portion
400 feet square has been set aside in
a good location for the mining exhib
its of these twelve colleges. Originally
only 200 square feet had been assigned
to the mining colleges, but after some
little maneuvering Professor Christy
was enabled to have the allotment In
creased to 400 square feet.
"Of course not much of an exhibit
can be made even in this enlarged
space," said Professor Christy. "The
be.«t we can do is to exhibit maps and
transparencies showing the work at
the different colleges. There will be
no r.ttempt to exhibit specimens or
machinery, as it would be impossible
to find a place for them.
Professor S. B. Christy of the Uni
versity of California, director of ex
hibits for the land grant mining col
leges at the Louisiana Purchase'Ex
position, returned from St. Louis to
day after looking over the ground in
behalf of the exhibits of which he has
charge.
Professor Christy saw much that
was interesting and wrestled with
some problems that could only be de
termined by personal observation and
appeal. There is still the largest
Question to be solved, however, that of
finance, and unless the board of re
gents makes some kind of an appro
priation the mining department of
the University o* California will not
be represented at the fair.
As it stands now there are 10.000
square feet of space set aside in the
Educational Building for exhibitions
by the land grant colleges of the
United States. The Government has
appropriated 5100.000 for. the exhibi
tion of the land grant colleges, of
which there are twelve. The activi
ties of all these colleges will be repre
sented — the agricultural, the mining,
the mechanical arts and others.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street. Jan.«9.
The deed was sent some days ago
by mistake to ex-County Recorder
YioJ Church by Georgo Hodges, a
lawyer of Tallahassee. Fla.. to be re
corded. Kodges said it had been
given him . by Shorter as a. fee for
defending him.
Investigation 'showed that an al
leged deed purporting to convey the
property mentioned from Mrs. Wil
liams to Shorter had been recorded
several years ago. Mr. Church com
municated with Mrs. Williams and she
said she knew Shorter h^re and gave
him a home. He became acquainted
with the piece of land she owns and
sayd that he evidently forged her
name to the deed and placed it on
record before he left here. When ar
rested in Florida he represented to
Hodges, an attorney there, that he
owned a piece of property here and
gave him the deed as a fee for defend
ing him.
Mrs. Williams claims she. never
deeded the land to Shorter and has re
tained counsel, who has brought suit
to quiet title to the land and have the
deed declared a forgery. The notary
before whom it was sworn to Is said
to be dead. >*.';.
Mrs. Lilia "Williams, an asred colored
woman, claims that a. deed purporting
to convey a piece of property owned
by her to one Thomas Shorter is a
forgery. Shorter is now in a Florida
penitentiary', to which he was sent for
counterfeiting:. The property is lo
cated on the outskirts of East Oak
land.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Jan. 9.
The men who take their- "morning's
morning" and do the "route" at night
are aghast. The threatened war be
tween Russia and Japan is nothing in
comparison with the threatened break
ing off of diplomatic relations between
the proprietors and the men who mix.
A's the matter now stands the bar
tenders have asked for a day eff a
week. A hundred proprietors o" sa
loons met to-day and by an almost
unanimous rising vote said "no." The
reason argued is that on the bartend
er's day off his particular, customers,
with a highly developed taste, would be
inconsolable. If a strange man were
put behind one man's bar one day and
another man's the next, taking the
places of those who were off, the trade
secrets would be let out of the bag.
The amount of cash that goes into the
till and water Into the barrel would
alike be at the mercy of a loquacious
itinerant bartender. The saloon men
cannot trust themselves nor their bar
tenders, and war has been declared. At
the meeting held to-day the saloon men
appointed Pete Hanrahan and A. Bel
tink to have a "confab" with the union
and try to call It off. The matter, how
ever, has been put up to them by the
union good and strong and is the talk
of the town to-night.
There is likely to be a drink famine In
Oakland, and the "highball" and cock
tail may go out of business, and all be
cause the mixers' Union Is up In arms
for a da^"bff. while the proprietors are
threatening to close up their shops be
fore they yield.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Jan. 9.
. The armored cruiser New York has
arrived at Panama and will become the
f.agrshlp of Admiral Glass, command
ing the Pacific squadron. The train
ing squadron. Rear Admiral Wise com
manding, has left Pensacola for Guan
tan&mo. where it will rendezvous.
It' was learr.ed to-day that General
Reyes has seen a number of adminis
tration Senators during his stay here,
r.rnoag them Lodge, Spooner and El
kins.
General Reyes can suggest no means
by which the Colombian and Panama
governments can settle their differ
ence?. He believes It possible that the
dispatch of a special envoy to Bogota
from this Government might result sat
isfactorily, and he suggested to-day
th;it Minister Bo wen, in Caracas, who
speaks Spanish fluently and whose in
fluence in South America has been in
creased by his work for Venezuela, or
Minister Buchanan might be able to
bring about a solution of the Colombia-
Fav.ama problem if either were sent to
Bogota at this time.
Up to the present time General Reyes 1
last note to the State Department, re
questing that his presentations of the
Colombian case be forwarded to the
Senate, has not been answered. His
reasons for making this request were
that, as a treaty was under considera
tion b'y the American Senate hostile to
the interests of his country, the Bo
gota Government desired that its side
of the case should be presented. Gen
eral" Reyes believes that in this way
the Senate will be better able to reach
a fair decision.
WASHINGTON. Jan. sT-General
Reyes, the Colombian representative,
to-night said he was yet hoping for
an answer to his last request that the
correspondence be sent to the Senate
and that he could not ray deflnitely
w hen he would leave Washington? He
added that when the time came for so
ins he would officially take leave of
the President and other officials with
whom he had come in contact.
. In a lone cablegram which general
R^yes has dispatched to General Mar
roquin h* has reviewed the negotia
tions in Washington and informed the
Bogota Government that, after doing
everything in his power to save some
thins from the wreck, he has failed.
<ieneral Reyes has not supplemented
this announcement with a word of ad
vice as to the course his Government
shall -pursue. Naturally, he expects, in
view of the high feeling prevailing in
«'olombia, that it will be very difficult
to restrain his people longer. Through
out the negotiations General Reyes
brought to bear all the pressure in his
power to prevent a rupture between
the Washington and Bogota govern
ments, and he Is gratified that his peo
ple have kept their word and not de
clared war while there was hope of
effecting: a settlement by diplomacy.
This means havins failed, General
Reyes does not feel that it is his mis
sion further to advise the Bogota Gov
ernment as to its course.
Imprisoned for Malicious Mis
chief She Develops Mania and
Will Be Sent to AsVlum
Land Grant Colleges, of Coun
try Are to Be Represented at
the Purchase' Exposition
Diplomatic Relations May Be
Broken at Any Minute, and
Strike and Dry Spell Begun
NEEDED
APPROPRIATION
KNOWS PANAMA IS LOST
Thomas Shorter, Now in Flori
da Prison, Pays Lawyer With
Land He Is Said Not to Own
HER HO3IE IS AT STAKE
DAY OFF IS DEMANDED
NOW RAVES IX HER CELL
Colombian Representative Is
Awaiting Reply to His Last
Request of Secretary Hay
'Professor Samuel B. Christy
Prevails on St. Louis Fair
Officials to 3Iake Concession
Aged Colored Woman Says
Paper Purporting: to Con
vey Property Is Fraudulent
With Two Little Girls Mrs.
L. Hill Wanders From Reno
to Towns About, Livermore
Bibulous Citizens See Menace
in Kupture Between Bar
tenders and Their Employers
John H. Robbins, Employed by Prominent San Francisco
Real Estate Firm, Will Marry , MiSs Celeste Disney,
Now of Oakland, but Formerly of Des Moines, Iowa
FEAR DROUGHT
ALONG "ROUTE"
CLAIMS DEED
IS A FORGERY
ENLARGE MINING
EXHIBIT SPACE
REYES TARRIES
IN WASHINGTON
ENGAGEMENT OF POPULAR
YOUNG PEOPLE ANNOUNCED
MOTHER PROVES
TO BE INSANE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 10, 1904.
39of masculine appearance and great lack
of beauty were looking at some filmy
gauze spread attractively over a coun
ter, when the less prepossessing of the
two said to the wall-eyed one, speak
ing in a voice of barytone quality:
"Cheap stuff! Just fancy me in a dress
like that!" And the girl behind the
counter grinned, and murmured to her
companion, "Just fancy!" The two
Tree Is Embedded In Earth With
Spade Presented to the Ladles
by Mr. McLaren.
The Daughters of the California
Pioneers held a tree-planting func
tion yesterday in the Old Forty-Nin
ers f Camp, Historical Valley, Golden
Gate Park.
PIONEER DAUGHTERS
PLANT YOUNG SEQUOIA
The United States will sell about
$10,000,000 -worth'jpf fruits ' to Europe
this year.
. , I » • . ¦ . • :¦¦ ;¦
According to a recent .census there
are upward of 600 Chinese in Johan
nesburg, of whom 180 are in business.
All are reportedas doing well..
The case in Leipzig of a man who
is petitioning to be relieved of his
name, Max Katz, because he is pur
sued with "''meow's"', by brutal boys
with a wild halloo, and brutal noise,
brings up the question of parental re
sponsibility in giving: names to their
children. As a rule a man entertains
a feeling of sacred reverence for his
patronymic, and however revolting . it
may be to modern taste, sticks- to it
with the- resignation of a martyr all
the days of his life. Occasionally a
bold spirit Is to be found who. gets, a
deed poll and changes his name' from
some obscure and even hideous sound
to one with a tone of Vere de Vere in
Its pronunciation. But one has only
to glance through a directory i to j see
how many people are "cursed i from
birth" > by. names -with evil and unlove
ly meanings. Parents frequently add
to this torture of their children by giv
ing them Christian names which in
tensify the uncomfortable character of
their patronymic. Oliver Wendell
Holmes, it will be remembered, ob
jected strongly to the name of
"Hiram," and invited parents 'to re
gard, their responsibilities in this mat
ter with graver and .more statesman
like-care. But the old . slovenliness
continues, and the sins of the father
are visited upon the children when the
time comes for Michael Angelo Smith
to be caned by'the drawing master, or
for Cicero Catullus Brown to stammer
through Amo.— London Globe.
Troubled With Bad Names.
•The San Jose scale was first discov
ered by Professor J. H. Comstock, near
San Jose, Cal., in 1879. It had been
found in various parts of the world and,
while the place of Its origin has not yet
been ascertained, it" is conjectured to
Japan.. .. >,!;'
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— The Financier
says: The most notable feature of the
official statement of the New York As
sociated Banks last week was the close
correspondence between the gain in
cash as shown by the statement and
the increase as estimated on the basis
of the. traceable movements of money
during the week. ; The bank return re
corded a gain of $10,028,700, of which
$5,726,100 consisted of specie and $4,302,
600 of legal tenders. The estimated in
crease in cash was $11,806,100, making
the difference between the official and
the preliminary figures $1,837,400, which
may very easily be accounted for by
the average system and also by the
fact that the' br.nk statement included
the movements of Friday. 4 The depos
its were increased $19,534,400, in conse
quence of which r. serve requirements
were augmented by $4,883,600. Deduct
ing this sum from the increase in cash
leaves $5,145,100- as the increase in sur
plus reserve, which item now is $14,
686,975, or only $123,225 below the sur r
plu3 at the corresponding date a year
ago. Calculated upon the basis of de
posits, less those of $36,698,600 public
funds, the surplus is $23,861,625, it may
be noted that the deposits at this time
In 1902 were $2,477,600 greater.
The amount of the Increase in loans
was . $7,421,700, making the gain in this
item $37,252,000. during the past three
weeks. The sum of the Increase, in
loans 4 and of the gain in cash was less
j by $2,084,000 than the Increase in de
posits;, therefore the statement did not
balance. The daily - average of the
clearings for the week was $245,000,
000, or $17,000,000 greater than in the
previous week, reflecting operations in
cident to the distribution of interest
and dividends. The excess of loans
over deposits. .was $10,278,900, or about
$12,000,000; less than in the previous
week." '
, Comparisons show'that seven of the
largest banks ' gained . $4,600,000 net in
loans, while five of these banks in
creased cash holdings by $3,400,000 net.
"Pet and Masle."
. The incongruity of , pet names \ for
"grown ; uds" was" never more appar
ent than in an incident which occurred
in a store last week. 1 ' Two huge women
The following officers were present:
Mrs. H. P. Tricou, chairman; Miss
Eliza D. Keith, historian; Mrs. Bau
cher, Mrs. Ernest Leigh, Mrs. Alice
Morse, Miss Lucy C. Adams, Mrs. Pal
mer, Mrs. Hutchinson.
Those present in addition to the of
ficers were Mrs. Guinett, Mrs. W. J.
Tuska, Mrs. William Limbaugh, Miss
Ophelia Levy, Miss Templeman, Miss
N. White, Mrs. Keith, Mrs. Hutchin
son, Miss Adams, Miss Lucy Adams,
Miss Clara Adams, Miss Hutchinson,
Mrs. Bibbin, Mrs. Lefflngwell, Mrs.
Meyer, Mrs. Palmer, Miss McWilliams,
Mrs. Galloway,. Mrs. Nesmith, Miss
Norton and Miss Chisholm.
Mr. Latham, -.Mr. Vandercook and
Mr. Baker, pioneer fathers, were pres
ent to lend their asistance and assur
ance to the Daughters.
The chairman, Mrs. Tricou, opened
the exercises with a brief address.
Miss Eliza D. Keith, the historian of
the organization, paid a patriotic trib
ute to the Pioneers, in whose honor
the sequoia was planted. Miss Lucy
F. Adams, the president, gave a short
talk upon trees, going back in her
data to the creation. Mrs. Galloway
recited the apropos and time honored
poem, "Woodman, Spare That Tree."
The literary part of the programme
completed. Pioneers' officers and
members present filed past the little
wonder of the forest and deposited at
its base a shovelful of soil. That par
ticular shovel, or spade, let it be said,
was presented to Mrs. Tricou by Mr.
McLaren and will pass into the pos
session of the society as a memento. of
& memorable day.
The tree planted securely and greet
ings exchanged, the audience closed in
about it and made the air ring' with
the patriotic strains of "America,"
The tree, a sequoia, was presented
to the Daughters of the Pioneers by
the superintendent of the park, Mr.
McLaren. The ground being too
sandy, the committee had purchased
$45 worth of loam with which to'an
chor it safely in the soil.
Bank Returns and the In
crease Based on Movement
of. Money Closely Correspond
CLOSE BALANCE
THE FEATURE
women were evidently from the coun
try and one of their purchases was to
be a heavy coat, suitable for driving.
They could find nothing to please them,
and finally the barytone woman said to
the other. "Come. Pet. let's go to
Blank's for It." And "Pet," in a voice
like a file rasped out, "Yep; let's,
Masie." Even the floorwalker laughed.
—Brooklyn Eagle.
Arundel Castle, the ancestral home
of the Duke of Norfolk, and which is
now once more to have a gracious
young chatelaine, has often been de
scribed and visited by nearly every
American who tours in England. Most
people know that it was occupied for
years by Alfred the Great, that King
William Rufus, son of the Con
queror, stayed there; that Empress
Mathilde of Germany found shelter
within its walls, and that its posses
sion carries with it a seat in the House
of Lords and the Earldom of Arundel.
But few people are aware that it
was for many years the prison of the
late Cardinal Howard. This prelate,
who was one of the most magnificent
figures of the church at Rome during
the reign of Pius IX and during the
early part of the pontificate of Leo
XIII, and invested with many digni
ties, including that of arch priest of
St. Peter's, suddenly became violently
Insane. He was a man of huge stature
— he had in his youth been an officer
of the Horse Guards in London — and
was possessed of great physical
strength. Some means had to be de
vised for placing him under restraint,
especially as his case was pronounced
incurable. Moreover, it was impera
tive that he should be removed from
Rome, where his presence might have
become more embarrassing, as there
was no precedent by which to go.
Thereupon his kinsman, the Duke of
Norfolk, conveyed him to England,
had one wing of Arundel Castle fitted
up for his detention, with barred win
dows and all other requisite precau
tions, and then established him there
with a large staff of trusted keepers
and physicians. He died there with
out ever having recovered his' reason
a number of years later. — Baltimore
American.
The Norfolk Ancestral Home.
Now the bride that is to be does not
have to wait till herSvedding day for
visible assurance of the affection of her
friends. The announcement of her en
gagement brings her a multitude of
dainty gifts, and every anniversary re
peats them. Even before these there
have been the delightful tissue-papered
mysteries of birthdays and Christmas
and New Year and St. Valentine's day
and Easter, and once or twice the ex
citement of commencement, with its
flowers and boxes, and frequent pres
ents from visiting . friends or other
friends returning from journeys. "We
live truly in an era of gifts, is the
child— or the grown-up child, for that
matter— greatly the happier for all
these gifts? Probably not, and for two
reasons. One is the grave old law of
compensation, so often the leveler of
unequal fortunes. A gift cannot mean
so much to one who receives a hundred
as it did to one who cherished his soli
tary treasure.
The other reason is that the great
gift of all to any' life, no matter
how few or how many the years it
counts, is love. The child who has that
can easily spare material wealth. There
is, nevertheless, one other side to this
matter of giving. If luxury in living is
increasing every day, 'as it seems to be,
it is surely a\ pleasant thing that one
phase of it Is the devising of new and
graceful ways of showing our sympa
thy with friends in everything, wheth
er joy or sorrow, that touches their
lives. — Youth's Companion.
If the making and receiving of gifts
contributes vitally to the joy of exist
ence the children of the twentieth cen
tury have reason to congratulate them
selves upon their good fortune. In no
way has the increasing luxury of
American life revealed itself more wide
ly than in this. Our grandmothers
could' often count upon their len fingers
the gifts of their childhood. The aver
age American baby of any except the,
poorer families probably receives more
gifts from admiring relatives In the
first year of, his life than his great
grandmother received In her first twen
ty. For in her day, except for the oc
casional rare treasure bestowed by
some especial kindness of fortune,
there was but one time of gift-making
and receiving, and that the wedding
day, when the friends and relatives
brought their simple presents of house
hold goods and plenishings and provi
sions to help furnish the new home.
Children of To-day Receive More
Presents Than Did the Little
Ones of Old.
TIIE HAPFY TIME *
OF GIFT MAKING
A notable feature of the visit thus far
has been the apparent lack of restraint
surrounding the movements of King
Edward. There has been no show of
guards. On several occasions when the
King rode to covers on his favorite
hunting pony the natives gathered to
see the royalties. On one occasion a
solicitous village constable endeavored
to drive off those who desired to see
the royal party. The Duke of Devon
shire heard this and called out:
"Let them all come and see the fun."
The King apparently enjoyed the ex
perience and laughingly acquiesced in
the Duke of Devonshire's order. The
bag this week consisted of about 5000
birds.
Queen Alexandra during the week
visited Bakewell workhouse, where
she conversed briefly with a number
of the sick and poor inmates and left a
$250 donation.
The striking feature of the house
party was the appearance of A. J. Bal
four, the Premier, as the guest of the
Duke of Devonshire. His presence
was the subject of much political com
ment, especially in view of the report
published by the Pall Mall Gazette on
Thursday of the Impending return of
the Duke of Devonshire to the Liberal
party, but it only indicates how little
party, politics affect social Ufe in Eng
land, where royalty is concerned.
LONDON, Jan. 9.— King Edward,
Queen Alexandra and Princess Victo
ria will leave Chatsworth, the seat •of
the Duke of^Devonshire, in Derbyshire,
where they are now visiting, on Jan
uary .11. The King will return to Buck
ingham Palace and the Queen to Sand
ringham, where she will be joined by
the King in a few days.
This is the first visit as King and
Queen their Majesties have paid to the
Duke of Devonshire's magnificent seat,
which is the greatest show place in
Middle England. The distinguished
guests have displayed a most demo
cratic spirit. They visited the sur
rounding country several times in a
motor car and everywhere have been
enthusiastically received. They took a
motor car ride to Chesterfield, where
the town was decorated and the popu
lace turned out- to greet them. The
royal party escaped a civic ceremony
there, however, the corporation having
prepared an address of welcome on the
occasion of the proposed visit to Ches
terfield, which was delayed by the
King's illness a year ago. This address
was afterward forwarded to London.
The party, therefore, passed on directly
to Hardwick Hall, another beautiful
Midland seat of the Duke of Devon
shire, where luncheon was served.
"They set examples of child neglect,"
he is quoted as saying. "I do not for
a moment mean cruelty in any shape
or form, but they are too busy gadding
about to study children or to educate
them in the right paths and win their
respect."
Nothing, indeed, could be more, idle
than to conceive -such a thing about
American duchesses who have been
over here some time and occupy a.so
cial position which is regarded as im
pregnable. The only English people
who would discuss the possibility of
such a social (frusade were those with
out high social position. Certainly
there has been no disposition manifest
toward the latest comers other than
of the most cordial character.
One clergyman, pastor of a fashion
able West End church, has joined
forecs with, that much quoted per.son
who, under the name of "Rita," con
tinues a crusade against society evils
by flinging vemon at American women
in interviews. The clergyman says
the "human exports" which "Americans
send us have had an effect on the mor
ality of our country. American women
in London, he says, have used their in
fluence against the binding ties of hus
band and wife, and they helped to re
duce love and friendship to a money
value.
LONDON, Jan. 9.— One of the sensa
tional, papers recently filled two pages
telling how a league had been formed
here against American duchesses. The
Duchess of Somerset was-, named as
playing the leading part and it was
declared that a systematic social boy
cott wonld bo organized against the
new Duchess of Roxburghe. The Duke
of Somerset has* gone to considerable
trouble to deny this.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1!K)4. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Pomp and Ceremony Are For
got While He Mingles With'
the People of the Countryside
British Clergyman Joins the
Anonymous "Rita" in Fling
ing: Venom at Our Fair Sex
PUTS ASIDE ALL RESTRAINT
STOKY IS PROMPTLY DENIED
London Journal Declares a
League Against American
Duchesses Has Been Formed
Democratic Spirit Displayed
by Monarch During the Visit
to the Duke of Devonshire
KING EDWARD'S
MERRY OUTING
YANKEE WOMEN
ARE ASSAILED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10, 1 904.
40
ASVEBfiSEMENTS.
/Printing I
II I
developing /
The fact that I make a specialty of
this work and that my prices are
lower than those of anybody else In
the business ought to prove the ad-
vantage of letting me do this work
for you.
Here are a few prices:
DEVELOPING:
SoU of six loo
Boll of twelve 15o
PSINTIKG:
Solio fi&iab 3c to 6e
Velox finish .7 3c to 6c
Order* by mail promptly Oiled.- ¦
THAT MAN PITTS
(F. W. PITTS),
The Stationer,
1008 MASEET STB.EET.
Saa rrancisco.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes arc removed by
CK. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE Donohoe
building 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electric needle without psirior
mcMZ: permanency guaranteed ;hours 1 to 4 p.m.
ADVERTISEMENTS. V
IS YOU R FACE . U N WOMaNLY?
, . Have you dark shadows on your lips, cheek,
chin or person? If you have, B. B. B. English
Caramel . Is Just what you - want. ¦
, It removes and cures thla unfortunate blem-
lsh.'^; ' ...;¦:-¦¦ ¦¦: ,, .\-,.; : v, -, -,
r a After one application yourface will be as
Jree from hair as the palm of 'your hand. .
' B..B. B. English Caramel Is Indorsed by the
medical profession, ' and I has had twenty 1 years
of successful practice In England and on 1 the
Continent. It Is. In factw the only satisfactory
eradlcator of superfluous hair known to science
Elite Skin Food— Removes all. blemishes and
roughnese; makes the complexion perfect; keeps
the skin clear, soft and smooth.
.The Elite Blackhead Eradlcator— Permanent-
ly removes blackheads and reduces the pores
of theiskln. ¦ ' ," ¦
.-: Elite Face Powder— Chemically pure; a pre-
ventive of superfluous, hair.
The Elite Face Bleach— For removing tan
and freckles. It has no equal. - ¦ ••¦
• attention to mall orders with'stamr#.
Elite' Dermatology Institute,' ¦
- S38 Market St.. Ban Francisco,- • ',
MYSTERY THAT SURROUNDS
THE MAN OF THE
HOUR IN JAPAN
Whom tlie World's Greatest
Fighting Men
Are Now LooKing to to
He Lives Alone in a. Beautiful
- Japanese Garden
Bigger Than All San If rancisco
SEE THE PICTURES
M ISCELLiANEOUS.
F "frJ j Mm jfc ixi-iJ n .. i i nj ii- iiil in-iiimnii in in ij-^nitr im rinrrrntiwnr r-i • i rrmi turr* ii£7
v 9/8-922 MARKET £T
, Annual Clearance
Sale of Undermuslins
So well and favorably is this sale meeting
the approval of the public, and from the fact
that there is a very select assortment of gar-
ments still on hand, we have decided to con-
tinue this annual clearance throughout the
entire week.
LADIES* GOWNS.
75c value : now 50c
$1.00 value now 65c and 75c
• • $1.25 and $1.50 values : now $1.00
$2.00 and $2.50 values now $1.50
$3, $4 and $5 values now $2.50
LADIES' CORSET COVERS.
75c and 85c values now 50c
$1.25 and $1.50 values now 90c
LADIES* DRAWERS.
75c values now 50c
$1, $1.25 and $1.50 values, .now 85c and $1.00
LADIES* SKIRTS.
$1.25 values now 85c
$2.00 and $2.50 values now $1.50
$4 and $5 values now $2.50
LADIES' CHEMISES.
All broken sizes have been reduced to one-
half regular prices.
CHILDREN'S tnt! MISSES' WEAR DEPARTMENT.
Annual Clearance Sale
of Children's Cloaks, Woolen
Dresses, Hats and Caps.
We have decided to make an immediate
clearance of the entire assortment, and the
prices are marked down to less than actual
cost.
CHILDREN'S COATS.
CHILDREN'S COATS, sizes 1 to 5 years;
$5.50 value now $3.50
CHILDREN'S COATS, sizes 2 to 14 years;
Sio.=;o and $12 values now $6.00
CHILDREN'S COATS, sizes 2 to 14 years;
$13.50 and $14 values now $8.50
CHILDREN'S COATS, sizes 8 to 14 years;
$22, $25 and $30 values now $15.00
CHILDREN'S HATS.
$1.50 and $2.00 values now 50c and 75c
$2.50 values now $1.00
S3.50 and $5.00 values.. now $1.75 and $2.00
IMPORTED HATS, $7.50 and $10.00 val-
ues now $4.50
IMPORTED HATS, $10 to $20 values
now $7.50
MISSES' HATS, $3.50 to $5.00 values, now
$1.75 and $2.00
An immense reduction on CHILDREN'S
I CAPS. I .
918-922 Market Street.
\ 9 .
>^iM'^ii«ii<i«''w»'«^iMiLioiiiiiiinhii^««i»iiH»t»aiitiT"«iMiiii>ii»!:i»^^ i2S'*«»^
NEWMAN & IiEVIXSOXV
Kearny and Sutter Sts. *
We cAnnounce for cTWonday, January 10,
A Sale of Fine Dress Trimmings
AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES W^0 '
It is our Annual Clearance Sale and gives ah opportunity for patrons — dressmakers and ladies'
tailors in particular — to secure the best values in Trimmings ever offered in this city. Among
them are the handsomest and richest of .
• APPLIQUES, PASSEMENTERIES, FANCY BRAIDS, PERSIAN TRIMMINGS,
SPANGLED TRIMMINGS, SPANGLED GIMPS, EVENING TRIMMINGS, ETC.
The prices below will give you some idea of what you can expect to-morrow :
ioc and 15c Trimmings, now ' 5c yard ooc and 5i.oo Trimmings, now 50c yard
2ocand 25c Trimmings, now 7c yard $1.25 and jr. 50 Trimmings, now 65c yard
30c and 35c Trimmings, now 1 5c yard $1 .65 and $2.00 Trimmings, now 95c yard
40c and 50c Trimmings, now .20c yard $2.25 and $2.50 Trimmings, now $1.35 yard
60c and 65c Trimrninjs, now 25c yard J3.00 and J3.25 Trimmings, now $1.60 yard
75c and 85c Trimmings, now 35c yard $3.40 and $4.00 Trimmings, now $1 .85 yard
Continuation of the Undermuslin Sale
x ' ,' (Third Floor Kearny Street)
Last week's great success induces us to continue this sale for another week. This Undermuslin
sale was very broadly planned, with far-reaching preparations. Successful result is evidenced in
the magnificent variety of styles and prices — for never were undergarments of such superior
qualities offered at anywhere near the prices we quote.
MUSLIN NIGHT GOWNS 45c, 60c, 75c, 85c, $1.00, $1.10 up to $1.25
FINE NAINSOOK GOWNS $1.50, $2.00, $2.35, $2.75, $3.00 up to $6.00
BEST MUSLIN DRAWERS 25c, 40c, 50c, 65c, 75c, 85c up to $2.45
DAINTY CORSET COVERS 20c, 25c, 35c, 55c, 65c, 90c up to $2.35
SOME PRETTY CHEMISES / 45c, 65c, 75c, 85c, $1.00, $1.25 up to $3.35
CHOICE MUSLIN SKIRTS^.: 90c, $1.00, $1.15, $1.35, $1.65 up to $8.00
A Very* Special Offering To-morrow of C£ar B ?!£ r )
The Celebrated J. B. Corsets . __
CORSETS that SeU Regularly at $2.00 and $2.75 per Pair, at - - $ I «O vJ
This is the biggest Corset bargain that has been offered in a very long time. The J. B. Corsets
are acknowledged to be the best American Corsets — none fit better, none are more comfortable.
The sale includes several models, all straight front, with low busts and medium and extra long hips.
They are made of fine quality coutille and extra heavy sateen,^black, white and gray, <r i rn
sizes 18 to 30, sold regularly at £2.00 and $2.75 — to-morrow's price only 3>l.0U
Sale of Battenberg Art Linens (1^^)
We have determined to make a quick clearance of several lines of Handmade Battenberg Lace
Scarfs and Squares — all are of the finest quality — designs are exquisitely rich and prices are
marked so low as to allow all lovers of the beautiful an indulgence of their taste in Real Lace.
They average one-quarter to one : third below what is usually asked.
Battenberg Doylies Battenberg Squares Battenberg Scarfs
lj" gj' JJjJh cor" ' nZ 30? Sire l6xl6 ' worth * u^' ' now 75c Slze l8x 54, worth S2.50. .now $1.50
Size 8x8, worth 50c... now 30c Size 20x20, worth $1.65.. now $1.15 Size 18x54, worth $4.50.. now $3.00
BattenDerg IrayS Size 24x24, worth $1.75.. now $1.35 Size 20x54, worth $;.oo.. now $3.25
Size 16x24, worth $1.75. .now $1.25 Size 27x27, worth $4.00. .now $3.00 Size 20x54, worth J7.00. .now $5.00
Size 18x27* worth $2.2$. now $1.65 Size 30x30, worth $4.75. .now $3.75 Sizs 20x72, worth $8.50. .now $6.75
SHEETS and PILLOW CASES WORSTED SHAWLS GE^SE.)
-ru cu * <**~nd moor sutter st.) At Less than Cost.
These Sheets and PUIow Cases are made of best
quality sheeting, all have 3-inch hems. They are torn by «» Imported Shawls made of Zephyr, Saxony and
hand and are ironed ready for use. Shetland Wool, in colors black, white, red, gray, light
Sheets, size 63x90, for. .55c Sheets, size 00x90, for. .70c blue and pink. Formerly sold at $2.25, $2.50 and $2.75.
Sheets, size 72x00, for.. 60c Slips, size 45x36, for.... 10c ii^jiV \l
Sheets, size 81x90, for. .65c Slips, size 50x36, for. ... 1 5c Sale Price, $1.50 Each. .
LADIES' BELTS "" -CKLBZ 1 ) TABLE LINENS &£?££g
At Sacrifice Prices. Attractively Priced for Monday
These are air new Belts— -assortments are broken and Bleached Table Linens, 72 inches wide, in a splendid
they must be closed out at once— some are of leather, variety of new designs, real value $1.25 per * 1 nA
others of silk and fancy braids, in black, white and colors, yard — our special price s> 1 •UU
60c to 85c styles, reduced to 25c each - Napkins to Match.
$1.00 to $1.50 styles, reduced to 50c each . Flne Bleached Table Damask. 72 inches wide, very
|| to t,*5 styles, redu «d .0 75c each $1.20
$2.50 to $3.50 styles, reduced to $1.00 each Napkins to Match.
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention — Samples Sent to Any Address.?For preserving 'the peace in a partly
civilized country a railway, according
to a famous statesman. Is worth more
than an army corps. Although the
railways which are building from Haifa
to Damascus, in Palestine, and from
Damascus southward toward Mecca
are primarily for military purposes,
they will open up a country which was
prosperous and fertile 2000 years ago,
but has since become one of the waste
places of the earth. They are al
ready using American harvesting ma
chinery on the plain of Jezreel. When
the proposed railways are finished
there will be a demand for the accom
panying modern agricultural machines.
Galilee and the country beyond Jordan
will again blossom as the rose.
Best Way to Preserve Peace.
Peculiarly interesting to San Fran
cisco, the homa of the Tivoll. is an
article in this month's Theater Maga
zine on the French opera in New Or
leans, senior by sixty years to our own
grand opera institution. It is from
the pen of Charles Stewart Booth and
throughout interesting and suggestive
in its light on another opera-mad town
than ours. We are haughtily left un
mentioned, however, though more than
once the hospitality of San Francisco
has been extended to the New Orleans
opera singers. Grand opera in New
York again is dismissed as "the fad
of a few millionaires, who allow' them
selves the luxury of listening to the
highest-paid singers to be found in the
world." Like ourselves. New Orleans
folk seem to pride themselves on loving
opera for opera's sake, and they have
at least ninety-one years of an attach
ment to show in support of their claim.
Here, however, is Mr. Booth on the
subject:
"Famous the world over as the home
of gay revelry and brilliant pageantry,
the annual festival of the Mardi Gras
end the French opera have given New
Orleans added and unique distinction
among American cities and are insep
arably connected with her civic and ar
tistic history.
"Deep rooted in the historic past as
both these purely local institutions
are, time has not weakened their popu
larity. -They have to-day as firm a
hold upon public sentiment and pat
rcnage as in those earlier times when
the city was wholly under French dom
ination and influence. For the visitor
to New Orleans there is much to in
terest at any time, but now the opera
season has begun the town is decked in
holiday garb and will remain in festive
attire until Lent. Where else in Amer
ica are there thoroughfares more pic
turesque or possessing more points of
historic interest than Bourbon, Royal
and Chartres streets? Here we are in
the center of the old French city and
carelessly strolling along the -ban
quette," past the old bookshops with
their bright displays of yellf w-covered
French novels, signs in a foreign
torfgue meet the eye at every turn:
'Cafe de lX^pera,' 'Restaurant de
Paris,' etc., etc.. until one rubs one's
eyes, not quite sure If he is not In the
French capital Itself.
"In the very heart of New Orleans,
and yet only five blocks away from Ca
nal street— the JBroadway of the South
— stands the French Opera-house, an
Imposing building, and with the excep
tion of the Metropolitan Opera-house
of New York the largest and best
equipped home of opera in America.
The French Opera is indeed the center
of social, artistic and musical life in
New Orleans. In New York grand
opera is indulged in as the fad of a few
millionaires, who allow themselves the
luxury oMlstening to the highest-paid
Eingers to be found in the world. In
the North It is a matter of fad and
fashion rather than love of art and
music, and although Director Conried
promises to remedy this, It is doubtful
whether he can so long as society con
trols the purse strings and dictates the
policy. It is different In New Orleans,
where grand opera is loved for Its own
sake, and has grown to be one of the
cherished traditions of the population.
The visitor to the Crescent City is soon
impressed by this fact. He realizes
how much more opera is part of the
life of the people than in any other
American community and how much
more enjoyable It Is than in New York,
without being as showy and expensive!
This is the result of time, the outcome
of years of musical education, because
New Orleans has cultivated a taste for
opera in the same way that New York
cultivates a taste for baseball and be
comes expert at it, because everybody
understands and appreciates it, pluto
crat and pauper, and more especially
because a large part of the population
understand and speak the language in
which the operas are sung. Opera in
New Orleans is generally given in
French, very rarely in Italian or Ger
man, and then only when the artists
cannot sing In French. As one-fourth
of the population of New Orleans
speak French in their ordinary inter
course, and more than half understand
that language, It is evident that the
opera must be a more popular institu
tion than in other American cities
where French is not understood, and to
a great majority of the audience the
performance is a perfect blank, except
the music.
"Opera in New Orleans is nearly a
hundred years old. Davis, a French
refugee from the massacre of San
| Domingo, went to Louisiana in 1790,
and soon after began giving theatri
cal and operatic performances, first
[¦in the old St. Philip-street Theater.
I afterward in the New Orleans-street
Opera-house. The first season in New
Orleans was in 1813, ninety-one years
ago. Since then, almost without ex
j ceptlon, New Orleans has had grand
opera every year. The Orleans The
ater, or was erected by
John Davis in 1816. The most fam
ous portions of the old edifice were
the ball and supper rooms connected
with the\ opera-house; indeed, the
parquet in the latter was frequently
floored over and occupied as a ball
room, thus furnishing:, when brilliant
ly lighted, in connection with the suite
adjoining, a coup d'oeil not to be sur
passed for effect In America. Those
were fiery days, when the New Or
leans Creole was very jealous of hla
honor and dj^nily and the slightest
impropriety called for an Interchange
of cards. The Orleans ballroom is
said to have been the origin of more
duels than any other edifice in the
World. '
"The audience was, in the •'earlier
days, almost exclusively French and
Creole, and in that ante-bellum period
social customs -were established -which
have clung to the opera ever since.
Patrons were required to be in full
evening dress. The grand operas of
Meyerbeer, Rossini, Mozart and others
of the old composers were required to
be performed in the most perfect de
taiL There were.* ho 'cuts* in the
score, and In order to give the full
opera. the- performance usually com
menced at 6 o'clock, closing at mid
night. In .those days the operaSi'as
almost the only form of social amuse
ment. Every family had its box^nd
the opera-house was always crowded;
but as the city grew larger and richer*
the Orleans Opera-house was consid
ered too small, and the present fine
building, the third generation of
opera-houses in New Orleans, was
erected , at Bourbon and Toulouse
streets. During the period of "nearly
I a century, almost every famous singer
'the. world has produced and almost
"A feature of the opera-house, com
mon enough in Europe, but not seen
in America outside of New Orleans,
are the loges grillees, or latticed boxes., ;
These are boxes, covered with latticed
windows in front which can be closed
if necessary- and are really small rooms
where one can have all the seclusion
one desires. They were originally in
tended for families in mourning. The
Creoles wear mourning for distant cous
ins, and for a long period. The conse
quence is that in the families so Inter
married one death will put? a score of
persons in mourning. While dressed
in black, they did not care to give up
the opera; so the loges grillees came
into use. Through them one could hear
the opera without being seen. This
practice, however, has long since pass
ed away, and the loges grillees are now
as fashionable as any other part of
the theater, and preferred by those who
like comfort mere than show.
"The opera-house is seen at its best
on Mardi Gras night, when 6000 to 8000
persons find room in the auditorium
and the various foyers. Then the house
presents an animated and brilliant
spectacle. Beautiful wome*n— the vol
uptuous beauty of, the South — with
their gloric/us eyes, sit in the radiance
of the dazzling light, reflecting its own
splendor, while it seems as if all the
world had been robbed of its flowers,
eo profusely are the spoils scattered.
Yet brilliant as is the, opera night, the
scene is eclipsed by the grand carnival
balls which end the opera season and
usher in Lent. Then these same floors
are crowded with the same beautiful
women, still more gorgeously attired;
while mingling: with them are heroic
or grotesque figures, representative of
all climes, all eges, an epitome of his
tory and the world, as beautiful, as
fantastic. The . light, the Jewels, the
air heavy with perfumes and the odor
of the flowers, the passionate music —
all this recalls some Oriental feast
rather than a scene in prosaic twen
tieth century America.
"The strength of the opera in New
Orleans lies In the support it receives
from the public. It is regarded by the
people of New Orleans as part of one's
musical education, and ' children are
taken there to hear the music as soon
as they learn their notes. The humblest
wage-earner stints himself In order to
secure a<imlssion to the opera. But the
popular support is not sufficient to pay
expenses, and appeal has to be made to
the richer classes and the Opera Asso
ciation or Club. The boxes are sold as
far in advance as April, seven months
before the opera opens, to enable the
director to go to Europe and engage
artists. The French Opera Association,
with H. Laroussini, president, and G.
W. Nott, secretary and treasurer, is
the gTeat promoter of the opera in
New Orleans, and it is due to their un
tiring efforts that the opera has proven
a success. This association guarantees
against loss and runs the opera if no
manager is willing to undertake the re
sponsibility."
every opera of Importance has been
heard in New Orleans. On its stage,
too, the great Patti made her debut
and won her earliest laurels.
OPERA AT NEW ORLEANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLy SUNDAY, JANUARY 10 ? 1904.
41
AMUSEMENTS.
-TIVPLKS5S&
TO-NIGHT— IaAST TIME OF
.MXION.'.
Beginning MONDAY EVENIN6, Jannarj II,
First Production in San Francisco of
This Sauon's Greatest Success,
When
Johnny
Comes
Marching
Home.
A Three-Act Military Spectacular Ccrnts Opera
by Stanislaus Stange" and Julian Edwards.
Martial Mnilc!
yictnresqna Scenery!
BTortatra Boldl«r« aad
Soutlx»ra Sw*«tiiMurta!
MATHTEB ETIaT SATUBJ3AT.
Usual Popular Prices 25c. BOe and 75c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats fl
Union Coursing Park
P. J. REILLT. Jndse. JAS. F. GRACE. Sllppw.
SUNDAY, JAN. 10, 1904
Gigantic Open Stake
Of Seventy-Six
High-Class Performers
$1009-TOTAL_PU8SE==$1000
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets at 10:13
i. m. and 11 a. m.. 12 in. aad 1 p. m.; Twcnty-
flfth and Valencia streets, five mtnutea later.
Returnln*. at 4: -45 p. ra. and after ta« last
course. . fan Mateo electric cars dlrvct to park
entrance every four minutes during the day.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS; ULDIES FREE.
' Son Francisco
Rates lets than carrlaje*.
Mobile vUte Co. i.£3B*z!j£SZX&
Golden Gate and Van Kasa Ares.
Phones Larkin SMI— Polk 3CW.
Downtown Office, Lobby Palace Hotel.
' Phone Bash 820.
Tou Can Secure These Cars at Any Hotel or
Cafe by Asklns for Mobile Carrtaa-* Co.
BALES DEPARTMENT— COAST AGENCIES.
Pierce Arrow Tourta* Car (French) prlce.f 265O
Pierce Stanhope (French type) 135O
Northern Runabout (leader In New Tork) * tfOO
Fine Garage, expert mechanics, guarantee ex*
pCXLBCS*
MOBILK CARRIAGE COMPACT.
.Van Mes* and Golden Gate Area. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"' ""' ' - - - -•-'¦- - •^¦^¦' -vjw
Dry Goods Company I
. 1__ ; _ j
——¦»¦¦ ¦¦ — — . — MM.Uil.Ml.mMUl-mj.IIU—^—— IMJULiUUJlU
I
..IMPORTANT REDUCTIONS., j
All broken lines from this season's ]
importation, both colored and black, to ]
be closed out previous to stock taking. ;
/\X HALF" RRICEj
All short lengths from \ 54 to 5 yards - # \
both in plain and fancy materials suit- j
able for waists and skirts. ;
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, \
Geary asd Stocktca Streets, Uoioa Squ&ra. *
G. B. Hall of Berry. HI., owns the I It was born June 6, and weighed b\
aallest Shetland pony In the world, j twelve pounds.
IBBBBBBBIBEEHBBEIBHBBBBBBBaBB8HlBallBBBHs.eBBI
A View of the Great St. Lonis Exposition From Yonr Armchair I
...ST. LOUIS... | |
World's Fair Portfolio Series !
IN BEAUTIFUL COLORS !
PRESERVE THIS SERIES TO BE BODND IN PORTFOLIO FORM \
i ' i
I
Greater San Francisco's ' Greatest Daily scores I
a^ain with an entirely new Sunday feature. j
I By an exclusive arrangement, secured at an enor-
| nious cost, THE SUNDAY CALX, will be the first to
; b*ue the WORIiD'S FAIR OFFICIAL. ART SERIES. j
! reproductions In color of the grounds and buildings i
'¦ of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition. I
3IACHTXERY ILVLL.
; THE FiRST OF THIS SERIES WILL BE ISSUED
| 1 1 SUNDAY, JANUARY 31st |
[ The original of that Sunday's Art Supplement te
the first artistic reproduction gjioxving the arcliitec-
i tural beauty of the Ivory City, and is selected as one
; of the best of the many views sabmitted* it being the
i object to combine in a limited series Uie mostimport-
! ant and interesting features of the St. Louis 'World's
! Fair.
I The Palace of Machinery, representing power,
J force. In reality the pivot on which % this immense ex-
*¦ hlbitlon revolves. Is the Inaugural issue of what will
( doubtless prove the most interesting series that was
| ever given free by a publication. f
I The main entrance to this building shows a triple
1 arcade, with large pavilion in the center. The north
J front, which is thirteen hundred'feet In length, has an
', arcade of nine arches as a center feature.
3 Following . the classical In architectural effect,
3 there arc found several beautiful examples of the Ital-
j lari and Spanish Renaissance styles. The brilliancy of
* color, the realistic scene, with thg moving crowds of
] . sightseers, give variety and animation to the picture.
I Nothing is so universally attractive as power. Men,
< mnlmals and nature are most fascinated when, by
| Its exercise, they demonstrate possession of extraor-
< dluary power. Admiration for might and the desire
i to see it In evidence, to feel It and sense It, to rcmcrn-
| ber ft and to tell of it. are instinctive factors with
I men. women and children. This is the keynote to the
j • collection and arrangement of th*f exhibits hi the Ma-
I diinery Department — Power. Here are shown the
3 methods and means for creating every variety of ma-
i cblncry for the generation, transmission and uso of
| power.
' Forty thousand horses harnessed together and
: polling with one mighty concentrated effort convey
i the Idea of the total power which makes the wheels
] of this World's Fair go round. • The engines, con-
3 deasers, pumps, moving machinery and accessories
3 malurur up the power plant, which is the largest ever
3 thown at an exhibit, are Installed 'on the msln floor
3 cf Machinery H a U an d occupy the entire westerly half
1 of that building — en area of something over 200.000
| square feet, or about the gize of an ordinary city
] block. * • '.'j
1 There will donbtless be an unprecedented demand
. f or this SERIES. Nearly every one will want to pre-
' serve them to be bound In PORTFOLIO FORM.
3 Make certain of your getting the full set by giving
3 an advance order. • ' .
| I THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
\ GREATER SAN FRANCISCO'S GREATEST PAPER
i ALL TRAIN' NEWSBOYS AXD ALb NEWS
I DEALERS SELL THE CALL.
AMUSEMENTS.
%9 y E> y IWi IS 11% IEAEISQ IHEA'iB
To=Night .?SS
ALBERTA
GAL LATIN
And Her New Tork Cast In
IBSEN'S
G H OSXS
The Greatest Drama of Modern Times.
Seglaalngr
TO-mORROVA/ NIGHT
7V\RS.
Supported by the
IMPERIAL. THEATER CO.
Of London.
In Percy Fendall'3 Modern Comedy.
TC IT
lYJid*
Deer ing 's
Divorce
BATURDAT MATIXEES ONLY.
, w ™»m MATINEE TODAY
B. C. Whitney Presents
Miss* Vivian Prescott
"THE BOVTEKT WATT,"
In the Idyllic. Pastoral Southern Melodrama.
IN CONVICT STRIPES
A Story of Life In the Hills of South
Carolina. . i
XATXHXHB SATTJ*DAY.
Usual Popular Prices.
SPECIAL— To-morrow Afternoon, January 11.
' at 2:15.
LAST CONCERT
MMB. ADELINA PATTI
<Tb* Baroness Cederstrom.)
STEIN WAY PI AKO USED.
- TO-DAT— TWICE— LAST OP
" IQ U "
And To-morrow We Will Present
"THE BEAUTY SHOP"
* An Incomparable Production.
An Entirely Local. Musical Farce.
Full to the Brim With : Orlxinal Novelties.
I Our "All-Star" Cast and First Appearance of
MISS HELEN RUSSELL, Leadinc Lady: MR.
JOHN PEACHEY, . Leadinc Man. ¦ <
SEATS NOW ON SALE. .
THE; WEEKLY CALL
'¦¦':¦' Si per Year,
ADVEBTISEMENT&
5W Pnr WppK
This complete Talking Ma-
chine outfit. No extras to
purchase. You pay us $5.00
.at time of purchase, and
bring $1.00 in each week, on
Saturday evening if you
wish, as we keep open that
evening for the convenience
of our customers.
iiflr^r^siViiT*^* «*»«c»m^ .
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.
125 GEARY STREET.
Open Saturday Evenings. V-
Palace D0NT fAlt TO
•I COURT Lounzing
ft fin room, the EMPIRE
flUU PARLOR, tho
p _ 4 PALM ROOM, tho
liniliQ LOUIS XV .PAR."
uiauu LOR and the j^^
U~l*\~ DIES* WRITING
I Hotels 1 room.
AMUSEMENTS.
Racijig!^^^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing January 4,
Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Ilacfs commence at 1:15 p. m. sharp.
- For cpeeieJ trains stopping- at the track take
S. P. Fernr. - foot ol Market ¦ street, at 12.
12:30. 1:00.1 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking: In
last two can. which are reserved for ladles
and' their escorts. '
•*. Returning trains leave " track at 4:10 and
4:45 and immediately after the last race.' .".-•»-.¦
• . THOMAS H.: WILLIAMS. President.
PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary. ,
ADVEBTISEMENT& '.v
ruuvjifj^TnnnAriAnAAivju-.^n.-v.-L-jv-jiAAnAAji.iu<.r 1 Af»r. -i .-I--J- -.-u--nj-.r.^.n.rj-j-.n.ruru-i!ru^..n.- u -L-in.-i.-.ni
2nd Week
$150,000 STOCK
Tailor Suits, Jackets, Silk and Cloth Coats, Capes,
Furs, Skirts and Children's Coats to be sold at : :
Lowest Prices Ever Known in San Francisco
Only the newest styles of this season's productions,
,well made and finished garments of reliable material
No Misrepresentation—No Disappointment
One of the GREATEST SALES ever held in this city.
TAILOR SUITS JACKETS SKIRTS.
$20.00 Suits on sale $ 7.50 Jackets for $2.00 Rainy Day
km* V $9 f •••••:• J 3 - 45 Skirts at..$ .85
25.00 Suits on sale mm r^Uf, (™
at $1145 ja0 ° Jacket |^ 4.00 All Wool
27.50 Suits on sale ••••••••-•* • Wailcitw SWirtc
at $12.95 15.00 White Sici- Walkmg
30.00 Suits on sale lian Jackets trim- cut to 51.95
• .; -*4^5 med at. . . .$6.95 5.00 Skirts at $2.45
35.00 emits on sale onnn -a a t
*. ciffoc -^o.uu 0-4 lan „ rnc , , , . r , n[ ,
at .$19.95 CrZii «« **u ** o.50Skirtsat$3.95
innAQ :V^«^ii- vjoats on sale at
4U.00c>uitsonsale €ooc srs^^. -.¦*-
at $22.45 $9 * 95 10.00 Skirts at $4.95
50.00 Suits on sale 1 5.00 Military 7.50 Silk Skirts at
at i $27.50 Coats on sale at c - oc
FURS $ 9 - 9 ?
$40.00' Fur Jackets 17.50 Military 12.50 Peau de Soie
at $25.00 Coats on sale at Skirts trimmed,
50.00 Fur Jackets $11.45 at
at* ..$2750 25 00 Military "*"
15.00 Fur <£* Coau on a Y t Novelty
20*66 Fur* cf s * * ' ' $16 ' 45 Skir& at> • $9 ' 95
at 20.00SilkNovelty 12.50 Velvet Skirts
25.66 Fur Opes s on »|« t « 95
at $14.95 $1L95 *^
15.66 Feather 25.00 . Silk Coats 15.00 Velvet Skirts
Boas at . . . $8.45 1 on sale at $16.45 1 at $6.95
1 230- 1 232- 1 234 Market Street
§ Week Consmenelnjr TH13 AFTKR- y%
S NOON. Jan. 10.
I Sumptuous I
§ Vaudeville! |
I The Retgniaa- Sensation. O
Howard Thnrston |
Direct From Europe. S
1 Wallno and fiarinette |
S Vienna Caricature Dancere. * lO
§ Asra §
0 European Comedy Jugsler. M
| White and Simmons |
O America's Favorite Comedians. Ct
| Dnmitrescu, Van |
| Auken and Yannerson §
« The World's Greatest Triple Horizontal §
4$ Bar Performers. £;
I Chas, and Minnie Sa^Van 1
rt In a Comedy Act of Mtah»rm. 'C[
I Charlotte Gnyer George I
Q The Distinguished Contralto. jC:
I The Tobins I
O Refined Musical Experts. w
I Orphenm Motion Pictures §
S Showioa- the Latest Novelties. C;
g Last Week and Tremendous Success of C;
g FRED. MOLLY B
1 B.4LLEN and FULLER |
Ci In Their Best One-Act Comedy. "Hie O
X Wife's Hero." O
g Reg*utar Matinees Every Wednesday, $5
X Thursday. Saturday and Sunday, p
X Price*. 10c. 23c and 60c. O
BURTON HOLMES
LECTURES
BEAUTIFULLY COLORED VIEWS
REALISTIC MOTION' PICTURES
TXZS WXMSX — Evenings at 3:15:
TUESDAY Yosemlte Valler
1 "WEDNESDAY 8L Petersburg
j THURSDAY Yellowstone Park:
\ FRIDAY Moscow
t SATURDAY Grand Canyon
SEXT WEES:
! MOXDAY Siberia
TUESDAY Alaska (No. 1)
(WEDNESDAY Peking;
THURSDAY Alaska (Klondike)
FRIDAY Korea
Special Saturday Matinees—^Subjects)
to be announced. Reserved Seats. Jl. 09,
75c and 50c. General Admission. 50a,
Box OQce. Sherman. Clay & Co.' a.
Q TRIP i 1 9
| CHINATOWN, g
»J With the Favorite Coaedlan, . PV
Ml JACK CAMPBELL. kj
KJ And an Excellent Company. M
¦M Funniest of All Hoyt Farces. I j
ALCAZAR "WST
Geaerai Minna,
TO-5IOHT — VULTISUB TO-SAT.
Great Success of the Romantic Play.
A I A HV II " Do * a * mpltt *****
/\ l^iWJ I I] to the actors asd the
y<— , 1 1 stage manaremest."-*
OF ll**- __ i
O1TAI ITVll -v«t ««n«t jw
\£Uf\L,M. 1 I I J suction."— Chronlcl*.
Ergs.. 23c to T3c; Mat. 8at. * Sun.. Uc to 50a.
MONDAY— Clyde Fttch'i Strontest PUT,
m JS™ 111 Scalar
¦ntf^iirp HI Production.
The Fancy Dresa Party and TashlooablA CaureSl
WedOteK.
CENTRAL*!?
Market st.. near Eishta. Flwn* Souta 833.
MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-NIGHT LAST TLM"Ht»
Tfce TremendOQs Success
MONTE CRISTO
MONDAY NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATCRI>AT ANI> SXTNDAT,
The Murnlflcent Comedy Drama. $&¥%
The Moonshiners
A Romance of the Virginia Mountains.
First appearance of tne New Central Comedlaa,
TOMMT S"*"tES.-.
Hijli-Gliss Specialties Efsr/ Afternoon ui
Evsaiog la lbs Heated Theater.
DEAVES* MERRT MANIKINS: LA DREW
AND LA ZONE: THE QIRDELLEKS:
LUCE AND L.UCB: THE BRITTON3; MA-
BEL LAMSON AND NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES-
SEE THE BABIES IN THE INTACT D?CU-
BAT0R8.
SAMASXY AS XX TZS SOO I
tots of Pmi la tie Peaay Jkxcad*.
AMATETJR NIGHT THURSDAT.
Adtr.lvilon. 10c: Children, 5c.
. - TVTien Phoning Ask for "The Chntasi."
HISCELLANZOUS AMUSETtfTSNTS.
SCOTLAND.
DR. IAN GRANT
The World Famous Scotch Traveler and Autisor
_ot •TraTel Talks O'er tie- World."
Win Lecture For the
BENEFIT Or ALL SAINTS' EPI3COPAIj
MI3SION.
• i Subject. "WHERE THE PURPLE HKA TUER
• BXOOMS." lUustrsted With Orer V» '
Ma jxlflcer.tly Colored Slides.
ACADEMY OF SCIENCES HALL, M» Market.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 12. at 8:13 p. as. SJwrj.
ADMISSION SO CEXTm.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, SUNDAY, JANUARY 190*.
42
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SAX-B.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
NINETY PER CENT CREDIT IS AS GOOD
AS GOLD. _^_.
BETTER THAN GOVERNMENT BONDS.
That's what we propose to do with you
when we sell you a lot on
PARNA6SUS HEIGHTS.
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD _-I T -_.--,
ON PARNASSUS HEIGHT-.
We will loan you 90 per cent of the price
you pay for any lot.
Only 10 per cent cash. Balance payable in
9 equal semi-annual payments. Interest 8 per
cent. ; ¦•'¦'. ;'.
GRAND CREDIT SALE. AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY. January 21. 1904,
At 12 o'clock noon.
At our salesroom. 25 Pott It
68— BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE LOTS— *»
Comprising these two blocks.
__-*_# «_*5 r:*j"_~T *•_• e_-~~*«>^— »
H ST.
****' _ _. r~*
1 " ri; ;i: ; :i; in
« j *
u ' " I ¦ ¦ '* <: M'
> ' M » •» ¦ • ' j>
< S » i ». . ¦ '<
_ I* «*_l_r_i- M j' l_
HUGO St
___________ _______ _______ .
«• _ * j " * » *•
I ¦~T"TtfE$r^-- ! *ir-'
- * - yr*i " ' *o
U. a «• at a .
_ m , U.
• 41 W « '
a ¦ _ k «
I 8T ;
n i L r-
Ftontlng the Park, being on H. Hugo and 1
Bt»., 4th and 6th aves.: also 10 lots on east line
of 4th ave.. between Hugo and I Bts. •
UNPRECEDENTED TERMS.
For further particulars apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
£5 POST. ST.. or to •
Branch office adjoining the property, cor. H
ft, and 7th ave. Open every day, Including
Sundays and holidays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST 8T.
$6.000 — Buchanan, nr. Butter; 7 rooms. j
$17.tOO— Fell. . facing Park: 50 feet; Eastlake. j
$3,250— Maple; key lot; 2-story. 7 rooms; :
stable. \
$4.000— Tremont ave.; new 2-story; 6 rooms.
$4,000— Frederick, nr. Ashbury; cottage. !
524,500 — Sixth Bt.,«nr. Folsom; 25x120; rents
$105. V.
$5,500 — Seventh, nr. Folsom: 2 fiatn.
$1S.5OO — Height Ft.; €8:9x137:6; 4 houses.
?27.iOO— Fulton-Et. corner, nr. City Hall; im-
provetl.
SKJ.Oon — Devlsadero-Ft. corner; store and flats.
$25,000— Dtvisauero ?t ; etore and flats; rents
flSOO.
j $47,000— Polk st.; stores, etc.: 80 feet frontage.
$12,000— Fell. nr. Market: 4 flats; rents $90. •
SS.70O — Webster, nr. Haipht; 2 flats: rents $C3.
*S.5OO— Sacramento: 4 flats; rents $31; 32xl*2S.
$13,000 — Broderlok, nr. Sacramento; 3 flats;
rents - f 105.
•.-,,500 — Jackson; marine view corner; 2 flats.
?5.7W)— Bush nr. De\iead*?ro; 2 flats; stable.
$30,000— Polk, nr. Ellis; 6 flats; rents $2400.
$17,500— Golden Gate ave., nr. Octavia; 37:6x :
120; f> flats.
$15,000— vallejo, nr. Hyde: new flats; rents,
$140. j
$5.250 — Buchanan, nr. Bush; 2 flats.
$16,500— Montgomery ave.; stores, etc. ; 4-story
brick; rent $120. ;
$10.750 — Washington, nr. Hyde; 3 flats; rent* ;
$97. . I
$17,500— Leavenworth. nr. Clay; 3 flats; rents [
$137. f . I
| $42,500— Ellis nr. Larkin: rents $3000. '
$C.000 — Dolores-Et. corner; 50 feet: rents
$52 50.
$0,300 — Alvarado, nr. Sanchez; new, 6 worm ¦
and bath. i
$4.000— Clement it.; 4 flats; rent $40.
SPECK & CO..
. 667 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNT. j
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full Charge Taken of Property. j
ELEVEN N PER CENT NET INVESTMENT, j
$100,000— Modern 6-Btory brick building; rents j
$1145; bank mortffage $75,000; lot BOx ¦
137:6 feet; pays 11 per cent net.
\
WAREHOUSE SITE.
$100.000— Townsend-st. corner; 275x276 feet:
front— BC S. "P. R. R. ; no better site to J
be had.
BIG INTEREST PAYING FLATS. i
1 $25,000— Corner: Western Addition; rents $_J0; \
lot 37:CrS5 feet; splendid new building, j
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY. !
$20.000 — Stores and lodging-house; rents $1CO; ¦
lot 30 feet frontage; pays over 8 per j
cent. i
DOWN-TOWN INVESTMENT. 1
$16,500 — O'Farrell st.. eaot of Van Ness; pays i
10 per cent net by assuming $9000 bank i
mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x120; two J
frontages. » t
$19,000 — Annual rents $2135: Golden Gate :
Park; modern bay-,w1n<3ow flat; lot 50
¦ xl37:6 feet. j
$16,000— Geary ft.: 3 elegant flats, near Hyde I
et.; rents $120. ,'i|
$15.000 — Annual rents. $1710; Webster St.; * |
new flats; select location.
$10.00TV— Two beautiful Poet-st. flats; close to
Gough St.; SO feet frontage; always
rented; yearly rents $900.
$6,&00— Yearly rents $924; Rltch St.; lot 42x
75 feet; pays 14 per cent.
$5.000 — Yearly rents $C24: 2-story building i
and stable for 6 homes. . ;
$4.600^ — Two Sutter-rt. flats: 5 and 6 rooms; i
lot 2T.xl37:6 feet; a good buy.
SPECK & CO..
J . 6C7 Market st.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.. ]
Room 2. Seventh Floor, Mills Butldlnr. !
$40.000— Six flats on California st.. east c' La-
r.-ina St.; large lot, U8:9xl37:C: 8 ana 7
rooms each; thene flats have just been I
put in first-class order, modern style, j
ranltary plumbing and combination fix- i
tures; all ready for renting; should bring j
$37S0 per year. ¦
$19,750 — Bix new- flats on Greenwich St.; all
rented; rents low. but paying a hJtnd-
Kome Income; will sell any two flats at
$2250; total rents $1C2O.
?7.500 — Ixjvely heme on College Heights; new
building; up to date throughout; superb
corner lot; sunshine in abundance on
every side; extensive views. .
$6,000 — Wtllard st., south of Parnassus ave.;
modern residence, 7 rooms, bath, etc.; I
very convenient; large lot; sunshine in
; every room.
$4,000 each — First ave., between Golden Gate i
ave. and Turk *t.; two houses. Just fin-
ished, up to date; not occupied; 0 large
rooms, toilet, bathroom, etc. -
$6,500 each — Two new buildings, two flats
each, 7 and 7 rooms; all rented $30 each;
these are Just finished and up to date in
every respect."
$8,5C0 — Two new up to date Cats on the cor-
ner Second ave. and C St.; one of 10 i
rooms and one of 7 rooms; rents $860 per >
yenr. ,
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG _ CO
Mills Building.
LANDRY C .BABIN.
Real Estate, . '
Insurance Broker,
Rent Collector.
. 413 Kearny Street
$1.000— Two lots; 13th ave.. bet. K and L*
C0xl20.
$•1.000 — Hreen. near - Sansorr.e: 45:10x68:3
$2.000— Six lots, off San Bruno, nr. Cortland
$ 8,009 — Jackpon, near Eansome; 25x60; $50; 3
years* lease.
$13,500— FolKHn, nr. Third; 25xlC0; rent $95.50
$4,500 — Pacific, near Jones; 4ti_60; rent' $32.
$13,500— Folsom, near Sixth; 25x165; rent $104.
Apply LANDRY C. BABIN. 413 Kearny et.*
NOE- ST. cottage for $3250: between 17th and
16th; lot 25x110; 6 'rooms, bath, high base-
ment; barn: - owner must sell; make offer.
- G. A. BERTON, 323 Montgomery »t.
|10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet.- It's free. e03 J at.
WRIGHT - 1CIMBROUGH. Sacramento. C_L
REAL ESTATE— CITY— -FOR SALJgL
LYON & HOAG, . "116 Montgomery at.
• Send for our printed list of property for sale
In all sections of the city. \
BUSINESS PROPERTY CHEAP.
$6500— Rent $50; choice business corner at
the Mission; dry goods store; plateglass win-
dows; good flat above; lot 60x75.
i"it£i A BIG SACRIFICE.
$4C00^-Two flats on north side of Minna. 65
feet east of Eighth; a splendid buy: backs up
to Mission et. and key lot from Eighth; only
one block from Marlcft.
STORE AND FLATS. •
$9250 — New 8-story building; store and 2 flats
above of 6 rooms and bath each; total rent
$90; lot 25x122:6; .Folsom st.. near 16th; this
is a snap; be quick. .
$8250— Reduced from $9000; rent $66 60;
mortgage $6000; this property must be sold at
once to pay mortgage; lot nearly 60 feet front:
buildings In first-class condition; store and
flats all rented ; one of the best business cor-
ners in the Mission.
> DOWNTOWN FLATS.
$4i50— Two flats on Rincon Hill, containing
6 and i rooms and bath each; brick foundation;
«"»ry thine in first-class condition; rents
**• . i
$3800 — Pays over 14 j>er cent; near Dolorea
and SOth sts; 2 splendid flats of 4 and 5 rooms
and bath; also rear house, 2 flats of S and 4
rooms; all In good shape; brick foundation;
rents ?40 50; lot -5x125; probate salei
COTTAGF. AT A BARGAIN.
$3750 — Dubcce ave., near Duboce Park and
Fillmore st.; cottage of 0 rooms and bath;
brick foundation; all In fair condition; mort-
gage of $1000 c»n remain. v
MARINE VIEW FLATS. »^^
$9500 — Two beautiful brand new flats on best
part of Union St.. 8 and 7 rooms and bath
each; rent $80; 2 separate entrances: flne ma-
rine yiew; large lot; this Is a good permanent
investment.
LYON & IIOAO,
'. ' 116 Montgomery st.
A BIG SACRIFICE. N
$4250— Beautiful cott|_e of 6 rooms and
bath; additional space fn attic for 3 rooms; 8-
foot basement, cemented: gas plant; also
wired for electricity; stable for 5 horses: other
outbuildings; flne grounds: water piped all
over lot; well and windmill; lot 75x125; 45
minutes from City Hall.'
BRAND-NEW residence; remarkably easy
terms; low price.
$S2.*>0 — English basement house, containing;
reception hall and den on basement floor: large
living room, hall, paneled dining-room and
kitchen on first floor, and 4 commodious sunny
bedrooms on second floor; large attic; well lo-
cated on Kllmore st. ; commands a charming
view. / -
$583F- Another up-to-date-home; Moorish*
style of architecture; close to the Park; con-
tains 6 splendidly arranged rooms; all the lat-
est conveniences; paneled dining-room; beamed
ceilings; beautiful reception hall; hot-air fur-
nace; a charming home; artistic In every de-
tail. « LYON * HOAG,
- ________^ 116 Montgomery st.
' 'J A*UCTION
By - ;
HENRY STERN
(Of David Stern A Sons),
THURSDAY. JANUARY 14. 1904.
At 12 o'clock noon.
At Salesroom.
11 MOXTGOMERY ST.
COLE STREET.
» 10© 25 | 25 I 25 | 23 | 25 I 25 | 25
; "
• Z ¦ - ¦ s
I » I g|
3 I •
tj 137:6 | 137:6 K
v. en
• to " —
, _: . _u
a^ — —-
i v- : _ . __¦*
3* i — : ti
Si r$
r- «v , « n
— — — . _. a,
w 137:6 f 137:6 5 |
to - r 10O ; I pj !
K9 ~ '¦ -: = c i
r? -ioo
" 25 I 25 25 25 25 25 25
CLAYTON STREET.
STRI2F.T WORK DONE.
FACING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
38 CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
'FHLL ST., BOULEVARD AND PANHANDLE. !
FELL. HAYES. CLAYTON AND COLE STS. '
•7 40 per cent cash, balance at 6 pt.T cent In- i
terest. . '•
For further particulars apply to
HENRY STERN. 11 Montgomery st.
\ CALIFORNIA ¦
TITLE INSURANCE *c TRUST COMPANY. I
410 MONTGOMERY ST.. i
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
i COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
I WARD BUILDING,
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
1 NO TITLE INSURANCE POLICY in Issued
by the CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE &
TRUST COMPANY which Is not preceded by
i the rnont scanning investigation of not only
the official records, but of our own records
after which the title Is passed upon by the
law department: if it Is 'valid a policy Is is- |
; sued, and when issued Is backed up by the i
entire capital of the corporation. It Is swift •
safe and protects against loes. " j
A TRUST COMPANY DEVOTES ITS EN-
ERGIES to caring for other pecple'a money,
to seeing that their best Interests are sub-
served and to tjecurihg- for them a safe invest-
ment yield. Its relations with clients are con-
fidential, their BfTairs beiny i-afe-ruarded and
administered in accordance with their wishes.
1 THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York Boa-
ton, Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable
rates;' regular trust company business trans-
acted under State charter: all matters con-
trolled and managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES*
WILLIAM ALVORD. Z^J^fft;
CHARLES R. BiSh^P* Ol >> H < ora *'
ROBERT BRUgSr^,""*- 0 ' W °^
HENRY L. -DAVIS. 0 ? *?»"• Of** * <*-
P. N. LILIENT^AL?' Cam0ral/OPtICal -' CO -
WARREN 0 *^r ; An_lo-C^l_ornIa» Bank.
cllARXES n ?AGE° lney> f? <*«•»«*<>»•
AT BPOTTS' 1&CCUtCh&n * Kn 'S ht ' A "'y*
JOHN R. l^lN^ T1Ue lM : '"»? J™ 9^* 1
Capitalist. 530 California st.
W. J. GUNN. "•' *'•" # r ~"
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
$4000— -A "positive bargain and a flne buy-
corner on Point Lobos ave. : on sunny side-
large lot. 45x100; 2-story building; well built-
at small expense can be turned Into flats -and
store on corner; $7500 . was refused i for this
property; both i avenues graded., macadamlz-d
and stwered. Point Lobos Is a wide avenue
and has a fine future; 3 lines of cars within
a; short distance.
¦ $1750— On sunny side Union st.; lot 25x100-
very cheap; near Broderlck: grand , marin-
vlew; easy payments: *250 down and $40
monthly: ready for building; cars pass* flne
improvements to go up on next lot.
FOR Bale-r-Hou-MS and lot; 2 flats, with finished
basement. 1625 Dolores st. •-.--¦¦•
- "-S -"¦.-¦" -* .bargain. ' t: :
$200 cash; balance as you please; new modern
cottage, 5 rooms. » bath, high basement- No
3032 Laguna st.. 1 . block from Union. • See
this -property at or.ee. T-GANCO. GUNZ &
CO.. C34 Market at.; tel. Main B389.
CALIFORNIA I House' Wrecking > Co. pays the
highest ¦ price ' for - buildings and will . wreck
; the largest building completely '. within •. 10
.days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
.i fcts.,- office and yard. . ; -
fBUILD ; on • your unimproved realty: '. we loan
: ".-, full; cost lmprov. and part let at 0 per cent.
/MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker, building.
CHIMNEY ' topa - set . uo, roofs renalred by
Ahlbach & Mayer.. plumbers. 836 Howard st.
LOTS,'N or, 8 side of Golden Gate Park; pur-
¦'". chased : by W. -. J. • GUNN. , 530 California st.
REAL ESTATE ' TO * EXCHAXGE. ¦
ELEGANT \ home." large grounds. , Alameda. % to
exchange, for real estate or . good , business in
S. F. Apply DR. : BEW, 608 Bush st.^ S. * F.
REAL KgTATE---CITY— FOR SAlfg:
McAFEB BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
f SOUTH OF MARKET.
On Clementina st.; 4 flats; rented for $41 per
month; price $4250.
COLONIAX. FLATS.
New building; 2 fine new flats close to the
park; on main street: R and 6 rooms; beamed
ceilings in dining-rooms and hall ; splendidly
finished throughout; gas and electric > lights,
marble steps, etc. ; price $7200. ¦ ¦
SUNNY MODERN FLATS.
On Clay et., near Baker; 6 and 7 rooms, attic
and basement; rented for $77 50 per month;
lot 25x127; price $3000. . . |
PANHANDLE) COTTAGE.
New. modern, up-to-date; 7 rooms and bath;
price $4350; street bitumen.' . .
PANHANDLE FLATS.
New modern flats; 6 rooms each; all rented
for $56 &0 monthly; price $5750. .
MISSION COTTAGE.
Five rooms and bath; 2 lots, 60x121; near
Elghttfeenth St.; close to cars; only $2500.
BERNAL HEIGHTS.
Near Mission st.: good corner; 50x70 feet;
only $750: owner very anxious to sell.
Pretty building lot on north side of Lake
St., runnlDg back to Mountain Lake Park;
29:6 feet front; price only $1500.
A SNAP.
6-room cottage, with bath; in good condition:
Holly Park Tract; reduced from $1400 to $1100
to make quick sale; must be sold in the next
few days: rented for $12 per month. .
LOOKING INTO THE PARK. '.
On Frederick st.. near Stanyan; lots 27:6_ :
137:6; bitumen street work and sewer being ,
done at expense of owner. These lots at the :
1 price are positively the cheapest In the city;
will iro to $100 per foot In a few months;. now
offered at $1750; 3 flne modern buildings now
I being erected on this property. \
BEAUTIFUL LOTS
At the entrartce and looking into the park:
27:6x137:6: finest"' lots in the city for elegant
Hats; price $4260.
BUSINESS CORNER.
Right downtown; 25:10xCO feet: old buildings;
rented for $68 monthly; will certainly Increase
in value. »
ON FIRST, '¦:•*
Near Howard: lot 23:0x137:0: improvements
rent Tor $63; rents Fhould be raised; prica
910.000.
MCAFEE BROTireR^ oNTqoME _ Y __
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$26.000 — A corner on Goush et. In Paciflo
Heights district; 6 new flats renting for
t-02 00 per month.
SUTTE3t-ST. APARTMENT SITE.
$26,000—35x120; Sutter St.. near Larkin. run-
ning through to Fern ave.; in the best retail
| locality of the Western Addition; $100,000
I upartment-house In course of construction ad-
Joining.
VALLEJO-ST. FLATS.
$15,000—27:6x187:6; Vallejo st.. near Leav-
•nworth; 6 new flats, renting for $140 per mo.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
$12,500—25x86:11; Devisadero St.. near
Turk; 3 new flats, renting for $100 per month.
NEW FTLLMORE-ST. FLATS.
$9000 — Four new bay-window flats of 4 room-
and bath each, rentlnj for $85.
I FELL-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
I $14,000— 100x137:6; Fell st.. between Flllmore
} and Stelner: in lota to suit. . ,
j COR. 11TH AVE. AND LAKE ST.
i $7500 — 72x107:6; NE. cor. 11th ave. and Lake
j st. ; coming fashionable section of the city.
! VALLEJO-ST. CORNER.
'¦ $7500— KW. cor. Vallejo and Pollard; Im-
provements consist of flats renting for $68 per
month.
UNION-ST. BUILDING LOT. %
$5200 — 41:6x125; Unto- St., near Van Ness
ave.
GEARY-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
j $fiO0»> — 25x92:6; corner Geary and Broderlck;
rents $42 50 per month.
GREEN-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$5000 — 51:Cxl37:6; Green, east of Octavia.
MISSION HOME.
$4500 — 30x122:6; Capp st.. near Eighteenth:
2-story bay-window residence ot 7 rooms and
bath, renting for $35 per month.
MARIPOSA-ST. HOUSES.
Two housea of 6 rooms and bath ' each on
Martposa Ft., near Bryant; renting for $30 per
month; street accepted; no reasonable on>r
¦ will be refused.'
'¦ CHEAP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOTS.
I $1650 each — 25x137:6; an unsurp&Esed line of
! lots on either Clayton or Carl eta. ; only a few
more left In this block.
j B. GETZ ROOM 22 CHRONICLE BLDG.
OWNER AND DEALER
NEW LOTS!:! NEW LOTS!!!
i 4STH AVE.. EAST LINE. FACING THE
I OCEAN.
BETWEEN K AND L STREETS.
! GRADED AND FENCED, READY TO
; BUILD ON.
I ON EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
, SEE THEM AT ONCE; CHOICE AND CHEAP
$60 to $100— Ocean Heights and boulevard
'¦ lots. •
$300 to $500 — Graded lOth-ave. boulevard lots.
: $350 to $1000 — Choice Sunset and Richmond
J lots.
$75 to $100— Level Ocean View lots* city
i water.
| . ..
! $150 up— New Excelsior Homestead lots: the
; finest In the district; city water.
J1000 to $5000— Modern house* and cottages.
SPLENDID BARGAINS ON EASY TERMS!
1 CALL. a't^JY OFFICE. ROOM 22. 2D FLOOR
| CHRONICLE BUILDING.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS J
114^ — Montgomery st. — 114 '
, Real Estate and Insurance Brokers.
• Before buying call or send for our January
| catalogue of properties for tale in all parts
I of. the city. ,
! $H.25O— Business property; rented under lease
i for $125 a month; stores and 2 7-room
flats; one yoar old; excellent location- a.
bargain. . '
$8.250— Panhandle residence of 9 rooms ana
... bath; built by day's labor; nearly new-
sunny and commodious.
• $2,500— Two substantial flats, south of Mar-
ket st ; rented for $22. to same tenants
for past ten years. For a small invest-
ment we know of nothing to compare
i with thia.
! $3.250— A splendid key lot on the north side
j Of Hal_h t Et.. 25x100
! $4,200 — Make offer; 2 excellent lots on Waller
Bt., 50x100; built on both sides, leaving
' open space; will subdivide.
$2,CC0— Key to a NE. corner. One of -the
; prettiest lots In residence part of West-
: em Addition: 23x123.
| $3.500— Cozy cottage near Park Panhandle:
: stable and driveway; year and a half
j ¦ old; sunny. side of the street.
I HAWKS & SKELTON..
I Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
; Property.
! $7000— Residence. Octavla, near Broadway- 7
rooms and bath; has a view. of. bay;
25x137.
$3500 — Residence, Lombard, near Larkin:' 8
roonis and bath; flne view of bay; 25x137.
$5500 — Lot on N. line Clay, near Webster; 33x
127:8; flne location and size for flats
$7200— Marine view lot; Hyde St.. near Chest-
nut; 20:8x110; very fine view assured*
new building on each side of it.
$5000 — Lot en SW. corner Larkin and Lorn-
I bard sts.: 25x105: magnificent marine view
I . from every window.
$4500— SE. corner Larkin and Greenwich: 60s
I C2:0; elegant view of Golden Gate and bay
$3000— Lot. Frankfm st.t near Filbert; D3xlG0 :
•street sewered ; make an offer.
$2000 — Lot. Greenwich st., between Van Nees
ave. and Franklin «t. : 33x137.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
$000 — 0 LOTS Excelsior Homestead, nr. Silver
ave. and Mission road; fine spring of water.
i $1100 — Cheapest corner In Richmond; 49x100;
1 Clement St.; sewered,' graded; on car line!
$400— A bargain in Sunset; 23x119; 13th
ave., near L st. : a delightful view. .
$400 — Only; a NE. corner on Market st.
and 30th , ave.: 125x124: grand ocean view.
$80 each — Some choice level lots now in gar-
1 den; 25x124; near good road and ocean beach
CHAS. W. POPE, owner. 11 Montgomery st.
START THE NEW YEAR Tr-
SAVING $5 PER MONTH
By buying a lot In the growing city, of Rich-
mond; where ¦ are located - the Standard ' Oil
Company. * Santa Fe ! Railroad terminal, ¦ the
Southern Pacific It. R. belt warehouses t and
manufacturing plants. -All level. Streets
graded.' Maps free. -
, RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
Crocker building., 9an Francisco.
$2000— TWO lots on 26th - Bt., near Church-
only one block from 24th-st. cars.~ MARK
.. LANE. 630 Market^ st." ,
FOR sale, cheap,; neat cottage 4 rooms and
bath, large basement ; " terms same ; as ' rent.
Apply "owner, lumber yard /southeast corner
Alabama and. Montealm sts.~; .,>;/*' '
GOES to highest bidder; worth $6000; 30x60; on
Oregon ' at..- 65 * feet : from . Front: . key lot:
i might exchange. Box 400, Frultvale.
ALAMEDA ADVEKTIS'MENIS
'A-AMEPA REAL ESTATE.
A HOME FOR EVERTEODT.
$1000— 5-room l$i story cottars; lot _3_181;
terms.
$10C0-^_-rocm 1-story cottage; lot 28x100;
terms. C
$1400— 6-room 1-story cottage: lot 28x100;
terms.
$1750— 5-room 1-story cotta.e* lot 28x125; K
cash.
$2150— 7-room 1-story cottage; lot 8t_130:$300
cash.
$2150—3 room 1-story cottage; lot 40x113; V,
cash. . "* -'
$2300— 6-room 1 -story cottage; lot 50x130; tt
cash.
S" 1C0— 7-room 1-story cottage; lot 50x130; 14
cash.
Two nice water front cottages on Central
ave-. rear station; bargains; large list Of realty.
Apply to A. R. DENKE. 1400 Webster it.
LOOK OVER OUR LIST OP BAJIGAIN3.
The beat DroDOsttlons ever offered tn real
estate. Positive bantams. Beautiful home».
Great values.
$2500 buys beautiful 6-room cottags, recep-
tion hall, complete.
$2500— Fine 0-room furnished eottafe; lot
50x_ 72.
$3100 — 6-room cottage, partly furnished; lot
40x100: a anaj>.
$2500^ — Elegant 7-room colonial house; a bar-
gain.
14300— 8-room modern house; lot 00x130; •ta-
ble; near trains and schools.
?j<yh>— Great bargain; beautiful corner lot.
together with elegant modern 8-room, house;
all modern conveniences.
Seeing Is believing. Investigate and b* eon-
vlnced.
Want to trade for San Francisco »rop«rty
one of the finest homes ia Alameda; originally
cost $22,000; 10 rooms; lot 73-137:8; elegant
corner lot; will sacrifice to trade: open for
one week: here is a chance to secur* a horn*
at a bargain.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
150O Park st.
FOR. RENT OR FOR. SALB.
8 rooms; Central ave.; $30.
10 room*; Central ave. ; $35. •_,
A rooms: modern cottage; $1-,
5 rooms; furnished: $_5.
6 rooms; $30: new.
Whatever you want wo hav*. _ _^
W. K. CONGER Sc CO.. 1501 Parlt *-
SPECIAL. SPECIAL. BPECL-U
This week only; 6-room modern eottage:
partly furnished: good location; porceiata tub:
overhead plumbing: can be had this week only
for $2250. HAMMOND ft HAMMOND. 1423
Park St.. Alameda.
$3200— HOUSE of 7 rooms; lot M^J 2 *' °7 er T
locking the bay: flne location; $1600 caan. J.
H. YOUNG. 1213 Park at.. Alameda.
BEKKELEY APVEBT'S'M'NTS
REAL CSTATTB.
JOSEPH J. MASON. REAL ESTATE I AGBPTT.
S.E. CORNER OF SHATTUCKAVTE. AND
CENTER ST.. BERKELEY. OFFERS FOIt
SALE THE FOLLOWING. SELECTED
FROM A LARGE LIST OF THE CHOICEST
PROPERTY IN ALAMEDA COUNTY:
j $3000— Splendidly built hou*» of 12 room*:
I near the university: all modern Improvement*:
I lot 43x200; Just the place for a fashionable
boarding-house.
$C0OO— Fine house of 9 rooms; lot 52x160; near
university. ;
¦I $5000— New house of 10 rooms; on sunny aid*
I oC street; near station.
; $4000^ — Now building: flne Tnous« of T rooms
! and bath; combination fixtures, window shade*-.
! cement walk.**; about one block from atation ot
j "Key Route."
I " ~~ — ~"~**
| $5750 — New house of 9 rooms; lot 13x133; very
1 conveniently situated.
<| $.1200^ — Nearly new house of 6 rooms and
j bath; stable, etc.; only 5 minutes' walk from
• "Key Routa" station; on sunny slda of street;
' a bareain.»
I A gentleman's home: a fins house of 1.1
: rooms; near the hills; 3'i acres of land; only
J000O.
A BEAUTTPT-L PICTURE OF BAN THAN'.
CISCO BAY, TAKEN FROM THE BERKE-
LEY HILLS. FREE.
SPECIAL bargains in desirable lots, on mac-
adamized streets, convenient to university and
Key station. '
$750 — 10x130; quite near U. C, station ar.l
high school. ,
$S0O — 45x00; nice location: west front; on
Grove st.
$1000^ — 45x05; south and west front; very
nice: all street work.
$i:io0 — J3xll3; sightly corner; only two blocks
to V. C.
« $1325—50x156; in Hille-rass Tract, near Par-
I ker st.
$1523 — 50x143: west front: In Berry-Bangs
Tract, near Derby, east of Regent.
$*"<XK> — 47x124; south front: close In; east of
Shattuck; One for large house or flats. •
$7500 — A choice corner: elegant location; east
of Dana, north of Dvvlght; roora for three large
houses.
ALLEN _ ELLIS. 2120 Center ¦_. Berkeley.
SNAP— House of 3 rooms; good well of water;
- ru !lw, treeB ' barn * chicken houses, etc.: lot
4.0x200; good home; price only $1500; tern«
SJ.»O cash, balance S14 montnly. O A RU-
DOLPH. Lorin station; open Sunday's.
BIQ bargain— Owner goin* to sea; 6-room cot-
tage, large grounds, corner lot. fruit trees,
flower garden. . chicken- house and barn* "
blocks to electric cars: school, church and
stores; dose to ral'rcad station: price $223O-
terma $500 cash, balance $2O per month O*
A. RUDOLPH. Lortn station. Open Sundays!
ALMOST new 6-room cottage; porcelain bath
gas and electric lights; city water; nice-
garden; close to R. n. station, electric cars
church, stores and school: large lot- low
price; easy terms; only $2300; $200 cash, bal-
ance $20 per month. O. A. RUDOLPH
Lorin station: open Sundays. «—--»••..
$18,000— FINE business block In North Berke-
.i« «~x V par " 7 per cent on th * aaklnr Price
$10,000—3 acres in West Berkeley, on railroad
and water front: fine factory site: two
blocks on railroad in West Berkeley-
will rent for terra of years; this ls an
ideal factory site..
$6,000 — 4 acres on Clairjnont ave.: flne resi-
dence district.
SSOO for lot one block from car Unas
$_5O for acre lot adjoining U. C. grounds.
$2,000 for a 5-rocm house In Bateman tract
one block from College ave.: lot 60xl2f>'
street work done; thia is a fins buy; w<J
have a flne list of properties and will
be pleased to show them on applica-
CHENEY & BERRY. P. O. Block.
Berkeley. Cal.
A FEW SNAPS.
$3700— 7-room house; 1 year built and all
furniture complete; range dishes and all- lot
42x120. and stable; situated at 1927 Falrvlew
at.; 1 block from cars. 2 blocks from Lorin
s.tation.
$2800^ — A neat nice G-room cottage and corner
lot: slza 50x100; street work complete; electric
cars pasi door; only 3% blocks from Ashby
station. Berkeley: situated at 2S2S Grove st. ;
terms can be had.
$2123— A nice .-story house of 7 room* and
stable; lot 50x140; street work complete; 1
block of electric cars and only a short distance
from station: well worth $3000; call and In-
spect at once.
L. J. MORAN _ CO
21.71 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley station.
$8C0— CABIN, 3 rooms: lot 40x100; near
Telegraph ave.; $100 cash. $10 a month* lot
alone worth the price.
$1100 — House, 6 rooms, bath: patent toilet*
street work all done; $20O cash. $10 a month. *
Two elegant new 5-room cottages: strictly
up-to-date: street work complete; sunny aid/-
handy to "Key Route." •
MURDOCK & CO., Lorin, Berkeley.
$3000— PARTIALLY Improved business corner-
78x113; one block to new bank. " * .
LAYMANCE RKAL ESTATE CO "
4G0-462 EIGHTH ST., '*
AMONG THE MOST DESIRABLE.
$ICO cash, balance like rent; 4 large rooms
i bath and basement: large lot; $1S5O- taao
$230 cash. $30 per month: new up-to-date 6-
room cottage: very desirable; close In
$U00O— New 2-story colonial house, 0* rooms
hall. bath, laundry, etc.: large lot ruo ™».
An extensive list of desirable housea and lot.
Call and examine. Open Sundays
. , H. D. 1T.WIN, Lortn Station. 'Ber-Mley.
THE .Wheeler Tract— the Nob HlU'of Berkeley'
See- the lota in this beautiful tract- buy one
and live life anew; this portion of Berkelev
excels aU others part* In scenic beauty and
desirability fcr a house; send for map and
prices.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO
Phon-i Derby -16CC. 2123 Center St.
LAWTON & ALBEE. real estate, have for aal«
F.erkeley homes, residences and business hws
at lowest Price, ; choice Investment p£pVr?y
laying 6 to 10 per e-nt net; refer to either
tank In Berkeley. 2133 Center St.. _5rkaley.
REAL ESTATE — CITY—FOR 8 ALB.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
2lS-22l> MONTGOMERY ST.
$3.0C0— Union St.. near Hyde; frame build-
ing, store and flat above of 6 rooms ana
bath: if a couple of hundred dollars is
expended on this property It could easily
be made to Day 10 oer cent and couia
, *- readily, be sold for $4000.
$3,250— Natoma St., near Ninth: 4 flats: rsnts
$30: thia property Is in excellent condi-
tion: nil rood, prompt-paying tenants:
no repairs necessary: no danger of va-
cancies; a good, safe buy; lot 25xu ft-
$17.000— Second-st. corner, near Harrison; «ox
95 feet: flne site for factory or ware-
house purposes.
-$1LOOO— 50-vara northwest corner Union and
Baker stn.. 137:«xl37:6 feet.
$7.000— Pierce st., near Golden Gate ave.: lm-
j provements are residence of 8 rooms and
: bath and 2 flne flats 4 and 6 rooms and
bath: rents $35-$12-$14; total rents $«1;
lot 25x110 ft.; a gilt-edged proposition.
$7,250— Sutter St., near Devisadero; 2. modern
flats 0 and 9 rooms and bath; rents $60;
extra large lot. 41:3x111 ft. .
$3,500 — Post at. : 3 new shingle flats: 5-8
rooms: » rents $2tt 50-$28 50-$30: total
rents $S3: leased: flats pay 11^4 per
cent lot 25x137:6 feet X a great bargain.
$12,500 — California St.. near Hyde; frame tim-
provements; lot 6OxllO:ti feet; handsome
location to improve.
$10,250 — Clay «t.. near Jones: 3 modern flats,
5-6-S roomi and bath; rents $1050 per
annum; always rented.
$»,000— Minna St.. near Sixth: 4 flats, renting
for $UO per month: 3-5 rooms and bath;
lot 25xS0 feet: must be ao.d.
$10,000 — Vallejo st., near Leavenworth: 3 mod-
ern flats one year old: 0 rooms and bath
each; lot 27:tixl27:« ft.; rents for $S7 50
monthly.
$10,000— Reduced f« — i S12.50O: Clay St.. near
Buchanan: beautiful 10-roome<l resi-
dence; every modern improvement: half
block from public square; lot 25x100 ft.;
is beinc sold at the above figure to ef-
fect an immediate sale.
$13,000— New Presidio Heights residence: first
floor contains larze reception hall and
llvir.s-roorn, dining-rooms, breakfast-
room, kitchen ami butler's pantry; upper
floor contains 5 bedrooms and bath; alsu
billiard-room: basement contains ball-
room, laundry, servants" room, furnace,
ttc. : house just completed and sold on
account of owner's departure from, city;
lot 40x127 :SVi feet. • .
$2,200— Northwest corner of Castro and Alva-
rado sts.; lot 50:6x105 feet; elegant view
, of city. /
$5,750— Income $9C0 gross per annum: 2 new
modem flats on sunny side of Sacra-
mento Et.: will pay 8 per cent net; lots
25x100 feet.
$7,200 — Presidio Heights rfsldence: Locust St..
near Jackson ; almost new; 2-story base-
j ment and attic; 7 rooms and bath and
I - basement; 3 bedrooms and also room for
! servant; lot 25x112:6 feet.
| $35,000— illistcn-st. corner; 10O ft. front: pays
I over 10 rer cent net: stores and apart-
»* tnent hou3e above; flne investment.
$7,000— Broadway, this side of Van Nesa ave.: \
2 modern flats of 6-5 rooms and bath; ;
rents $53; pick-up.
$5,250— Mcs3 St., between Sixth and Seventh,
near Folsom: 2 flats, 5 and 8 rooms.and [
bath; rents 510: lot 24x80 feet. */ ,
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE St CO..
Real E.'tate Arents.
218-220 Montgomery at.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
648 MARKET ST.
$4000—2 modern fiats on 21st St., near Cas-
tro; rents low. $156; lot 25x114.
$350— Fair Oaks st.. near 25th; lot 25x125.
$6500 — *_ new modern flats, just finished:
J rents low. JMO: on Belvedere st.. near Waller.
' $4850 — 2 brand new,, modern flats. 5 and 6
krooms and bath: rented for $540; lot 31:S_100.
I Rents low, $C_i; 6 flne flats on Ship-
ley st., near tith» lot 23x75.
$10,r>00— Rents low, $2190: 6 new, modern, up- ;
to-date flats on Scott St.. near Oak. ;
$4000 — i flats, excellent condition; rents low,
$S40; lot 40x100: en Alabama St., near 25th.
$2500^ — Rents $.030; 4 splendid flats tn Al con-
dition: near bth and Bryant sto. ; lot 25x85.
$05,000 — *JS -.0x137:6; on Golrlen Gate ave..
only a block and a half from Market 81.; a
grand site fur a hotel or automobile repository.
?13,5W) — ' elegant, new, modem, up-to-date
flat*, renting for $li>40; on Webster st.
$I7."i0 — 0 splendid flats, in the very best con-
dition: flrst-clA'-s In all respects: rents very
low. $510: lot 25s75: near 6th and Fol3om st?.
SlTiO — 2 fiats and r»ar house; In excellent
condition; rents low, $57(>; lot 25x112; near tith
and Harrison sts. .*,
$IOCO — 4 good flats; w»11 ar.d substantially
buiit: brick foundation, etc.; on Shipley Ft.,
r.p.-ir fttr; a b!e turn can bu marie on this ki it
is « ititr-l and rencvated; rei.ts >504.
S2O.f«iO — Magnificent ccrnor rps!clen-r» en
j O'Farrell __; near Van Nesd ave.; large lot;
| three front&gef.
I $10. CCO— Corner on Bryant st.. near fith; «ub-
! •"tantial 1 uMillnrr; 2 3tore& and 6 fla^s; resU
ilow: 11238; lot 30:6*75; large wine cellar; brick
' fiuiKlail'-n; good plumbing.
j $75.0tX) — Grand corner on Market St., near
{ Van N~»s ave.: 75x123; ,' three frontages; an
! Ideal lr.ontion for a hotel.
! ?32^> — i good, well built flats on Lombard
•ft., near Klllmorfc; always rented; lot 26x125;
rents SV36.
$10,000 — 3 modern, flats, 6-7-S rooms and
lath; permanently rented to flne tenants for
$1140; near California and Webster sts.; lot
28x100.
$lS,5f-0 — " majrnlficent. new. modern flats, $
[ to 12 rooms and bath; up-to-date In all details;
I 10 minutes' walk from Kearny and Market sts.;
| lot 25xl37:C: rent *1740.
$2*sC0 — 3 good flats on Greenwich st near
**»rkir; the ?ot. 27:4i,ixl37:C, i a alone worth
the asking price: grand marine view; rent $300.
$i(J50— Rents $540; 2 good flats on 2d St.,
near ftryanl; always rented.
j $15.500 — 3 elegant, new. modern flat.i. 7 1
I rooms and bath each; rents $15C0; on Washing-
• ton st. : lot 25x104.
$0000— Reduced from $11,000 to force sale:
rent $117«: make offer: owner must sell; store
and 11 flats always rented; excellent condi-
tion: n»w plumbing, etc.; lot 40x75; near 4th
and Bryant t?ts.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643 Market st.
• E. H. LANGE & CO.. ~
| • 20 MONTGOMERY ST.. ROOM 23.
$30,C«)rt— Ellis st.. between Gouarh and Octa-
vla ; lot S0=t20. with two frontages;
rent $ir5; grand site for apartment-
house; bargain.
$16,250 — Third «t..- near Folsom: 3-story build-
;jr'. ¦-• ing in flrct-clans condition; lot 25xS0;
rent $90; good buy. •;-'
$8.500— Carl st.. near Stanyan: two new flats*
5-6 rooms each; lot 25x137:6; rent $50;
mortgage $3000 can remain; cheap.
— — — *•
E. II. I.AN'GE & CO..
*6 St.. room 23.
RKAL^ESTATE Country — For Sale.
71S ACPES near Mayfleld. 11 mTles~frcm San
Joee: 100 acres full bearing prunes; large
vineyard: all good land; water piped every-
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; fin*
houses, stables, bars*, etc.; fenced In S fields;
cost $lt:O,COO; price $50,000. THORNE *
¦ KILPA TRICK 1 . 312 Bosh at.. San Francisco.
$1CCO— 160 ACRES;. 10 acres orchard: "house,
cellars, corrals, plenty water year round;
flne part'ire; pine and oak wood.
$20OO—2t acres In fruit; house, etc.; 65 miles
from S. P.; $1000 cash. JOSEPH STRAUB,
KJO Market st. > .. - , .
— — tt
TO rlcge estate — Country place "in center of
Monteclto Valley. Santa Barbara: nearly 12
acres: well located; good 8-room house, sta-
ble, 2 good'we!!s. fruit and shade; furnished
or unfurnished: at less than coat. Address
box 34. Monteclto. Cal. ¦
IN ElmhuTst— $3250; for sale on account of
foreclosure of mortgage; 10-room house; 6
Idts: containing fruit orchard, barn, well.
Call on G. IIREF.SBR, 12 Mission St.. S. F.
FOR Bale — A 15-acre fruit farm, near Hay-
wards; good location: good Improvements;
price reasonable Call or address 7J5 Nine-
teenth Et., Oakland. Cal, *
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected 1 bargains i monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 6_
Market st.
.BUY a cheap home; send stamp for list: chick-
en ranches, alfalfa, stock, fruit and general j
farms. W. J. WHITE. 20 Montgomery ?t. |
ALFALFA our tn>ecialty: best alfalfa land at I
$20 ner acre: ditch and artesian water. 1\ !
H. JORDAN CO.. 116 Monttromery st. j
¦ &A.\ SI ATEO KEAL ESTATE.
f ' mzzzzzzzi
SAN MATEO SA^. MATEO
- . ' . '.- ¦ \
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a' choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fail
to see us before buying.- Investigate San
Mateo Park.' The , Ideal property of them all.
Lots about one acre each. Easy terms-
Bound, to be most- valuable. See our local
egent,*- Frank - S,* Grummon.- S«n Mateo of flee
open Sundays. ••- v
BALDWIN '&: HOWELL, 25 Post at.
; _SAN MATEO— BURLINOAME. TT.
;, Best suburban homes near San Francisco-
no ferry; electric railroad now running- lots
and residences for sale; we can sell good 'lots
as low as $500 each; we will be glad to show
them: we also have some acreage land near by
as low as $100 to $200 per acre. .
* : McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery • st., San Francisco. Resident
agent. S. G. GOODHC-, Western Union Tel
building,' San Mateo.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE _ COMPANY.
638 MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. Jan. 12. 1004.. .*.'.. 12 O'clock Noon
At Our Salesrooms, 63S Market St. -.:¦
-«A £^ K p ANHANDLE RESIDENCE,
„ J°° Col » *., near Waller. E. side; im-
F-F°Y« ment<!> a handsome cottage, built less
than - years ago at a cost of $5000 for build-
!?£, t * o . n . e - contains fi spacious rooms, porce-
lof.™ .' "£'P ate nt flush Toilets, laundry, high
basement, brick foundation.
Q „ MISSION FLATS.
S. line of West ave.. 90 feet E. of Mission
St.. near aist; lot 50x105 feet; Nos. 2. 4. 6.-8
a i Ve - :^ lmDrovementB . 4- brand new flats,
containing 4 and 5 rooms, porcelain bath, gas
Irif 3 ' woo<: -en mantels, modern In every re-
montn rented t0 flr sV clas9 tenants for $05 per
v f iS£ ( £' ID AVENUE RESIDENCE.
,- No * 1 - 9 Second ave., bet. Lake and Callfor-
taft, k »L a hand some 9-room residence; porce-
lain bath, tiled sink, wooden mantels, etc.; al-
most new; mortgage of $3000 can remain.
.. -BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
•„; «« ,X? A 'abama st.: 215 feet S. of 25th:
?'* 5xl0 ° feet: Improvements, store with 4
living rooms; also upper flat of 6 rooms and
bath, with stable in the rear: rents $10 month.
11 •*, ..TENTH-STREET FLATS.
Nos. 432 and 432% .Tenth st., S. ot Harrison:
-very pretty flats of 4 rooms each: large sta-
Die on the premises; rent, $30 per month.
*t .,„ MISSION COTTAGE.
4160 20th st.. W. of Hartford: Improve-
ments consist of an excellent cottage contain-
ing a rooms and bath; high basement: con-
e « e ,^i de^ a * k *- bltuminlzed i-treet: roortgagu
Ao^;-J, h i s ls a delightful neighborhood.
ASHBLRY HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
_. linn of Lotta St.. 100 feet S. oi Pamaescs
ave.: _jx101 feet: this property commands a
beautiful view and cannot be suroassed aa a
business site for a residence or flat.
MINNA-STREET FLATS.
--M 8 \J F 63 * «»%. 5OTA and 563B Minna St..
7,,.' ot Russ * bet. 6th and 7th; substan-
Jjal frame building containing 4 very flne llt-
Ue nats of 4 rooms each; rented to flrst-claw,
tenants at ?K0 per month; concrete sidewalk;
10-foot basement
VALENCIA-STREET COR__CR.
,. 1 {f t on NE. corner of Valencia and 24th sts.;
o*:3x90 feet; an exceptionally flne location for
tne erection of stores and flats.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
N. line of 26th st., near Castro, No. 4228;
improvements consist of a residence containing
t rooms and bath; high basement; renting for
$40 per month; mortgage of $1000.
VALENCIA-STREET BUSINESS SITE,
i vv. line of Valencia st , 261 :li feet N. of 26th
St.; extremely large piece or ground, C8xl»0 feet;
a most desirable business site.
For further particulars and catalogue apply
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
638 MARKET STREET.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
„. „ - C3S MARKET ST.
$31,000 — Downtown investment: Polk St.. near
Geary; 0 modern flats on large lot; 55
feet frontage; rented extremely low at
$2400 per annum..
$20,500 — Prominent^ downtown corner on Taylor
st,, near Geary, with nominal Improve-
ments; this Is a rapidly Improving neigh-
borhood and in . worth Investigating; a
mortgage of $1**,000 at 6 per cent can re-
main.
$17,500^ — G flats and 10-room house on Folsom
St.. near 10th: renting for $1800 a year;
large lot. C2:6xl2O feet.
$16,500—4 elegant flats on Haight St., near
Fillmore; lot 60x100 feet; could be turned
Into ptores and flats and made to produce
big Income. . .
$14.000— Might take less; 4 new flats close to
the Panhandle; lot 40x100:3; rents $115
— per menth.
$11.000— Howard St.. near 2d; great speculative
v»lue; property on this block has sold
tor $450 per front foot; 25xK5. I
$9,000 — Elegant residence on FHlmore st.: lot
39x87 :(<: property could be turned Into a
handsome paying investment.
$8,250— Rents $1)00 a year; 3 new flats north
of Market St.; close In; the first and most
complete sacrifice of the new year.
$S,0GO— Rent $77 50; store and 2 flats of 6
rooms and hath each on Clementina st..
near Oth: this is a barzain; should be
Investigated.
$5,000— Rents $48 per month; 2 flats and rear
house on Harriet st. ; good property and
never vacant.
$4.50C — Rents $51 per month: tenement house
) >and rear house on Langton St.; this Is a
positive eacriflce: al\v%ya rented.
$3,250—2 flats neor the new Fairmont Hotel:
. . close to Clay- and Mason sts.; rented
steadily at ¥31 50 per month; lot has
frontage on 2 streets.
$3,200—2 flats on Minna Bt., renting for $3R4 a
year; interest-bearing small Investments
In this district are scarce, so call early |
for description. '
$1,800 — 2 flats east of Van Ness ave. : rented'
for $192 a year; mortgage of $S0O can re-
main.
EASTON, F.LDRIDGE *" CO..
&3S Market st.
~ F. B. SURRYHNE~
Real Estate Atrent,
138 Montgomery st. :
S2S50 — Close to Haight and Ashbury sts.;
nice modern cottage.. O rooms and bath; large,
lot: easy terms if desired.
$1500 — Clone to Mlss1on-st. power-house;
cottage, C rooms and bath; lot 25x75; monthly
Installments 1C desired.
§7000 — Close to Market and Sanchez sts.:
T/ell-establlshfd grocery corner, " with flat
above; renta $C0: large lot.
$1850 — Snap: Union St., near Octavla; choice
building lot: 25x110: nothing to be had near
it for less than ?100 per foot.
$0500 — Close to Valencia and 14th , sts. : 4
flats In good condition; renting for $55 per
month.
$11,000 — Rents $100 per month; 3 new mod-
ern flats facing Duboco Park; choice.
$5050^ — Price reduced to make Immediate !
sale; Vallejo 6t.. near Van Ness ave.: 7 rooms j
and bath/ lot 25x137:6; very desirable; mort-
gage of S3">O0 can remain if desired.
$3000 — Close to Baker and Fulton: nice cot-
tage, r> rooms and bath; lot 25x100; easy terms
if desired.
$15.000 — Want an offer; Mission St.: 4 sub-
stantial houses of A rooms and bath each;
rents $110; large lot!
; $14,500 — Mission st.. near 14th; transfer
point: 3 new flats: rents $100 50.
$1100 — Nineteenth St.: corner lot: • 57x105.
S0.">o0 — Greenwich St.. near- Montgoir^^y
ave.: 4 flats; rents $55 per month; lot 30x120.
$2(300 — Near Market and Noe; . cottage, 5 j
rooms and bat>.
$16,000— Clay st.; best part; 3 modern flats,
7 rooms and bath; rents $132 50.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
Make your nelectlon to-day.
Fronting Buena Vista ave., Devlsadero,.
Waller and Alpine sts. Several have already
b^en J*old, on which elegant homes are now
In course of conftruetion. Ranging in price
from $2000 to ?1500; easj* terms if desired.
There are no lots* on th« market that are as
prettily situated and accessible. '¦ •
Get one of my January catalogues giving
pacticulars of properties for salo In all parts,
of the city. ¦
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK _OTS-
$500 TO $1200; VERY EASY TERMS.
Why do so many buy our Oeeanslde lots?
Because no others there compare with them.
They have unobstructed ocean and park view.
- They are on "Official Grade"; ready fnr
building.
j ' Every lot is a bargain." . See them to-day.
Get oft cars cor. 47th ave. and H st.
$60 to $250; near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
' "Oceancide" branch, office, cor. 49th ave. and
K st. Open'fiundays and holidays.
$500 to $1000— Unexcelled SuiSet dlatrlct lots;
graded and cewered; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on Oth-ave.V near II st.
$150 TO $350; DON'T MISS THIS.-
New. lots In the Excelsior Homestead.
Perfectly level; choicest location of all.
Near Mlsslon-st. cars. $5 monthly.
$1200 to $3C0O; modern cottages and houses
In Sunset. Richmond, Oeeanslde and Excel-
sior Homestead.
ALL BARGAINS; EASY TERMS.
SOL. GETZ & SON. Owner* and Dealers.
Room 64. 4th floor. Chronicle bldg.
$8500— ASHBURY Heights property cheap;
.' with all modern conveniences: just fin-
ished; paying: well; easy terms can be ar-
ranged. *
$7500 — A business corner on Guerrero st., near
22d; now well rented; two street car lines;
street, bltumlnlzed; call at office for par-
ticulars. .
$4660 — Rents $45; a bargain in flats In the MIs-
' ¦¦ ¦ •-" elon." ¦¦ ¦ ¦ .. •-•¦•• ¦ ' ¦ • r. -¦--.:
$3200— South of the park on 9th ave., near L;
. a home of , tl rooms and bath; owner is
very, anxious 5 to sell.
$1750 — Larj?> corner on ¦ 22d St.: 60x81.
l. ¦ McEWEN BROS., lltt Montgomery St.
?5 PER MONTIlT^ ~~ ' -.¦,< :.r-.. ¦
¦ STREETS LEVEL AND GRADED.
SIDEWALKS BITUMINIZED. V,
Best Investment in Real Estate To-day.
IT WILL DOUBLE- IN VALUE. , U
¦ SANTA | FE . TRACT.
• POINT RICHMOND. "... -
McEWEN BROS.. 118 MONTGOMERY ST.."
SOLE AGENTS.
SPECIAL. -¦- .- ¦"
, $21 ,000— Cheap at $24,000. "
40 feet; Ninth* st., ; near Market; three-story
building would pay handsomely. ~ : . :c ; >
¦¦--¦¦¦-.•• MARK s LANE.: 030 . Market St..
FOR sale — 08 8-12x137:6 on : Pacific st. ; under
• leaseu~$85 per. month ground nent. • Inquire
CHAS. C. BEMIS. .206 Hay ward building. ,¦
FOR sale— Three extra finely finished well-built
.flats, bringing big. rents. Apply A: CONDON,
1161 Ellis »t.. builder and owner. . . - .
FINE Income ; flats * on ; Fulton "¦ St."; near City
Hall. Inquire owner, 142 Fulton St.
THEi^CALL
JO__ar P. SPKEC--C-.3. Proprietor.
ktinsi ft_____n_r.s to I0H5 McSAUGHT, Macagr
•W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Atk for THE CALL. Tfce Operator WIU Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
PufcUcatlon Office Market and Third. B. F.
LV".itcrlal Bcomi 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cta. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postage (Cash Wltn
Order) : „ -.
DAILY CALL (lnelud. Sunday). 1 year. . .$3.00
DAILY CALL (lnciud. Sunday). 6 moe 4.W
T»AILY CALL— By single Month £g*
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year -•?"
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year -• Z-h*
t Dailv SS H>0 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN } gf^y ;;7;tH Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. . l weekly. . 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eample Copies will be forwarded wnen re-
Quested. " .
Mall ttt-bacrlbers In ordering change o^aa-
«ress thould be particular to give both NET*
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
goatt.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE. _.
tlt$ Caster fitrect Telephone Nort_ • .
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE.... 14U» O SU-eet, N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Tnioo Equare; Murray Hill Uctel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel &_d Uoemia
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotpl; Trenoni House; Audltortum
Hotel; Palmer House. •- \i
,
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C GEORGE KROGNESS.-.Marquette Building
CLo_5 Distance Telephone. * -Central -61S. >
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATTvTB:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
•CEW YORK! CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, rcrner Market and Third «-treets: open
B-Ul 12 o'clock every n'rht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Oar; "P* 11 un "
til 9:30 d. m.
' JtOO Hayes street; cpen until 9:80 p. tax.
?39 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
«6 I—irkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
Z'Hl Mission streot; open until 10 p. m.
22« Market otrfeu corner Btxteenth; open un-
til 8 x>. tn.
J0« Eleventh ctreet: cpen until 8 p. m.
1P86 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Nertheaft corner Church and Duncan itreeta;
cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest cevrner of Twenty-*eeon4 and Ken-
tucky streets: open until V p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— •FOR SALE.
MADISON «r BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1S5S.
89 Montgomery St Opposite Lick House
tlP.OV — Devisadero st.: store and flat*: lot
30x82:6; new building: rent $150.
$34,000 — Fine business corner on Devlsadero
et. : rent $2400 per annum and tenant*
make &U repairs and pay water extra;
lot 50-100 feet.
$30,000- I r. side husinesK property on Third St.;
rent $_IJ>0 x^r annum.
SPLENDID INCOME PROPERTY.
I :.•.:.<¦•" — Small flats: always rented; now pay-
ing over 1 p*r cent net per month; one-
half block of new Fairmont Hotel._jxar
Sacramento and Mason st?. ; buildings in
fine condition.
$12,000 — Post et.: two large well constructed
houses; very large lot.
SOCTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$?,000 — 1> flat!- and store below; near 6th and
T3rannan ets.; rrnt SSC per month; new
bVl'din_.
$h,T50 — Natonr.a rt- investment: good Improve-
ments and with rm-i'l outlay Income can
be doubled; lot 25x~5.
Jackson-at. CO-vara. let. corner Lyon; an ele-
frant. aightly building location; com-
mands grand, unobstructed view and
beet neighborhood in city; only $30,000.
FINE. IiOCATION FOR PHYSICIAN.
$11,<XX> — Sutter St., r.ear a transfer corner: 10-
room residence in fine condition; large
lot, 27:Cxl37:C feet.
$10,500— Jackson «t.; 50-vara. lot in the Pr«-
eidio Heights district.
11,200 — Etelner «t., near O'Farrell; 25x109:9.
$2.500— Lou on I-arkin st.. near Broadway;
$100 per foot.
Lots 27:«x.I3T:6 on Butter *t.. bet. Steiner
and Pierce.
Building lots: NE. corner Gclflen Gate ave.
and Baker st.: In sites to euit; prices
frca $2000 upward.
T_ree lou. each 27:€xl37:fi. on south line of
Geary et., near Fltltr.cre. "
MADISON & BCRKE.
30 Montgomery et., Opp. Lick House.
* O. H. UMBSEN 4: CO., 20 Mcntgomery st.
tTO.000 — Po*>t »t.; 4-story building, basement;
stores and lodging-house; rent f31O per
month; 3 front age?-.
113,500 — Folscm-pt. business property: 2 front-
age?; rented very low at $103_ per an-
num; Ftorer &nd flats; 37:6x90.
$10,000 — Rent $l*.*o0 per ennum, Jess only taxes
and insurance; near Kearny and Bush
fts. : brick building: a bargain.
$4,750 — Rents S4"i6'per annum; business cor-
ner; well located in the Mission; store
and living rooms and flat.
$4,250 — Price reduced; a bargain; Jac-scn St.;
27:6x110; house of 7 rooms, also stable. J
- 13.000 — Rents $26 per rr.o.: close to Howard
and 14th sts.; 2 fiat* of 4 rooms each; lot
SO feet front.
For further particulars of the above, and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
• properties fcr sa'.e In all p-rts of the city, in-
quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lot, close to D-r-
boce Park; bitumlnlred streets; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain a
holding admlrab'y situated and close to the
city at a reasonable price; diagram, price and
all further particulars at our office
O. U. UUBSBX & CO.. 20 Montgomery at.
t —an! Estate Agents end Auctioneers.
rCELSON. JOHNSON A CO ~ — -
MB Montgomery _t.. Opp. Mills Building.
$7,700— Rents $812; 4 new up-to-date bay-
windowed fiats; 4 and 5 rooms, bath and
high basement; near Hth and Folsom st?
$6.750— O_k st.. close In. north 6lde: 2 sunny
bay-windowed flats, 0 and 6 rooms and
bath.
n 3.750 — Rents $1530; Powell «t.: 3 storea and
lodglng-houoe; 60 feet frontage
$4,500— Rents $540; fine attractive building-
brick foundation: 3 blocks south Market
$6,000—2 attractive Pacific Heights flats- 6
and C rooms and bath; rents $000
$8.7S0— Attractive Pacific Heights residence* 7
rooms, bath and basement; choice aris-
tocratic neighborhood.
SS.ooo — choice KE. corner lot on Oak at.
til, 500— Rent* $12C0; Guerrero rt.: 2 attractive
bay-windowed flats and 4 cottages; per-
fect condition: n»ver Idle. .
$7.500 — Grove at., north side: 2 awe*.! up-to-
£ate flats of C and 7 rooms and bath.
NELSON. JOHNSON *: CO..
gig Montgomery et.. Opp. Mills Building.
AN object lesson to rent payers: We are build-
ing a 3-mom cottage on Point Lobos and
Fifteenth aves. : 'the man for whom we are
building is aattafied to live in 3 rooms rather
than pay rent; the home ls small, but he
would rather manage In 3 rooms cf hie own
than to pay rrnt to the landlord for 6 rooms.
Why don't you follow this man's example?
It will mean a home to you. .We can rive
you as large a house as you want in any
part of the city. You can pay .us raonthlv.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post EtT !
Umo— HOUSE of eight rooms; modern;, lot
25x114; Bunny Bide Army rt., between Do-
lores and Church.
$3500— House of seren rooms; modern- lot
2ftxl25: Fair Oaks et.. between Twenty -firth
ar.d Twenty-Birth; ea#y payments. ' -
$2500— Cottage five rooms and bath; Junction
Pr«nta ave. and Army st,;lot 25x100; easy
payments. J. F. PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia ec
FOR ma.lt — As a whole or In subdivisions; 50-
vara lot. wroth line Union et., 137:6 feet east
of Pierce: lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce eta.; lot 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker,
221 Banaome Bt. . / - ¦ ¦¦
$150 EACH— 2 lota on Buena Vista ave., 2
block* of 29th and Mission: easy, terms. D.
OOFTDf ft O0., 5308 Mission st.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10, 1904.
43
MIS CELL A NTS PCS FOR SALE: Con |
GASOLINE engines, automobllea and launches: j
all sizes. J. EL DOAK. 4« Fremont st.
ASK for prices en second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mcntc'y.
MI SCELLANEO US WANTS.
EGGS wantfd for hatching In Incubator lct»
or less; Pekin or Indian Runner ducks. Ply- {
mouth Rocks or Wyandottea, or cross** of i
these with Leehorns or other breeds: must i
be fertile. Will pay 5c por dozen above the
market price quoted In this paper on day j
of delivery. Address, giving particulars
and when egss can be delivered, bcx 2>- 1 .
Call office. ;
WANTED — Ticket East; tall, fair; must be j
cheap. Box 25C. Call.
WANTED — Three 2-story houses in good condl- \
tion to be removed; west of Van Ness ave. ]
J. P. CASOLY. 2430 Geary st. j
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES, j
1149 Market St.: phene Jessie 3741. or postal, j
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clcthing; send postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
WANTED — Small screw cutting lathe. Call
or address 754 Capp St.. city^
10<> YOUNG white Leghorn hens wanted. f. I
O. box 216, Colroa. j
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and j
theatrical goods. .154 9th tt.: tel Jessie 2Sol.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR- WYETH. specialist for all female;
: ' complaints; instant relief guaranteed: SO r
years* experience; removed to S2C Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe- j
male troubles and Irregularities: instant re- .
\M guaranteed. 1008% Market St.. opp. 5th. |
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills I
fold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's ;
syringe and tablets; price S5. By express !
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH- J
.ERS. wholesale druggists. Seventh and |
Broadway. Oakland. i
! DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or !
In trouble ccnsult this specialist en feraal* j
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu- ,
nate helped; the. most difficult cases treated; j
advice free. Office. 101S Market tt. [
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR3 :
positively cured: new method; 1 week's treat- |
ment tree. Dr. Cottingbam. 204 Sqtter St.
TJrs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert j
Jn obstetrics, female complaints; inst relief:
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 years" erper. ,
; MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladle*' j
specialist; a private borne before and durlcg j
confinement: best medical care; low tee*.
DR. ROSEN resides 2903 Fclsom St.. corner
26th: ladtes. relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment; 1126 Market st. ,
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite I
UnStn Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MONEY TO LOAJ^ j
AAA^HERM AN 'MURPHY^ i
601-C02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: co disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust. [
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided ia- •
terests in prooerty purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
I Whfn You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MONEY leaned to salaried, people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-bouses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
40 principal pities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY r«si>ectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S46 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianca. cr to salaried people on thMr
note: proper treatm>nt guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid.. teL Main 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al. CM commission, no publicity; J25 up; quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, na. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, allver.
diamonds, pearls and crecicus stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on untn-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
. Company, rooms 4S-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture: indorsed notes and other security. S. F. •{
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building. j
AT lowest rates on fr.nsitnre and planoa; -rtrlct I
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building! j
ANY sum on furniture or pianos: no removal;
lowest rate: easy payments: no commission.
1170 Market st.. room 68.
ALL !oan« on diamonds and jewelry 2 Der cent j
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
I HAVE some private money to loan on good j
teal estate security. Box 303. Call office.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no cam. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy «t.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. - 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
; salaried employes'. R.311. Mutual Sav. Bk.bld. j
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without I
indcrser. MORFLL. €<O Examiner building.
MONEY WASTED.
WANTED— $10«>. $2C0O or $3000 from private !
parties; security, gilt edge. Address box !
:>iX>. Cal 1 office. j
—^^ — — — — — — — j
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
J OUR low price sale has been so successful i
during the past week that we shall continue j
it for one week longer, as many who have j
been looking have not been able to close. ;
Remember that all our pianos are incluied I
In the offer. Easy payments If desired. THE |
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY, 7*> ;
Market st. - '¦
A FINE lot of bargains In second-hand plane*. ]
including- such makes as Steinway. Haines i
Bros. Knabe. Baus. Fester. Weber. Star. I
Marshall & Wendell. I Sterling and other j
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. ltt O*Far- i
rell st.; no branches in San Francisco. |
ALL makes; a list of 20 pianos under $100; 50 j
pianos from $100 to $200 and 200 pianos frcm :
$200 up. We rent planes good enough for '
practice from $1 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. |
235-237 Geary St.. largest piano and piano
player dealers of the We«t. :
JUST arrived. .1 carloads new planes, for rent j
$3 mo.; 11 good second-hand pianos to be !
sold at cost. Scott-Curtaa. 560 Hayes st. j
FINE upright piano for sale, on account of 1
leaving town. Apply Cumberland Hotel, I
corner Bush and Leavenworth sts.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD"S storage. l(3tt Market at.
UPRIGHT piano for sale cheap. T. B.. 42
Mint ave.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; gocd as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
$65 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany: nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister st.
ALMOST new upright; cheap; cash cr install-
ment.- SCHMITZ ft CO.. 16 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano:
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMEK, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cedllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
NICE fine office to let: also fine front desk
room. Call at 419 California rt.. room 21.
816 LARKIN— Store. 25x00. Including 5 living
rooms and large basement.
PERSONALS.
GRADUATES o» New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor J and ¦ electric baths: face
vibrating rr.achtn- : tor rheumatism: genuxne
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 4Oti Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandrnS
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers';
accept no substitute. . Star Remedy Co.. 133M
Polk st. .... ;
¦ A — COME ar.d. let our doctors give you free
examination and advice; you pay for the
medicine only and at the lowest prices LIO.V
PHARMACY. 1500 Mission st.. cor. 11th.
RAG carpents'wo've to order and for sale: als*
chenllle-wove rugs, silk Dortifrea; tealer in
carpet twine, in bank or chain, at lower.
rates. Geo. Matthew*. 708 Fifth St.. Oakland.
WANTEI>»The address of all medical gradu-
al* s desiring to practice In California wncm
tha present law prohibits: I can help you.
Ecx.79, Keliieyville. Cal. ¦
A NEW idea in Jewelry and Central Amencaa
curies. Indian curtains, draperies, shawls.
etc. ; the only store In the city tnat carries
this. FROWISS & SON£_1239 PoIX nr. Sutter
XOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
¦'¦ the manufacturer* of the Rapid Rctary
Standard ' the sewtng-machim of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent.- 1021 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson. 13& Post.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATB.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT (Inc.).
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
52.500. ' r* $2500
In business location; a fine store and
flat of 5" rooms; modern; fine order and
condition; Income f27 per month; a fin*
Investment; flOOO cash, balance bank
mortgage.
$2,750. A EUNGALOW COTTAGE. $2750
Five rooms", reception hall, connecting
dining-room and parlor: cory window-
seats; fine mantel, bookcase and china
closet; gas and electric lighting; open
plumbing, porcelain bath, nickel trim-
mings, medicine chest and every up-to-
date feature for comfort: must be seen
to appreciate Its good value; close to
Telegraph ave.: lot 37:6x115; aee photo
and plans at office.
M. A. B.
$4,000. $4000
Two fine flats of 5 and 7 rooms each;
mMern In every particular; close to I
schools, local trains and business cen- I
ter; lot 37:6x100; rented for ?40 per
month to Al tenants.
$4,500. $4500
An S-room residence on . Webster st. ;
mrxlern plumbing: gas and electric
lighting: lot 45-foot fp-mtage: not a new-
house, but If It were so would <~ost $7000 I
to duplicate; property worth your Imme-
diate attention if you want a home,
$5,000— REDUCED FROM $S*V>0.
An elegantly situated home of 14 rooms;
modern: on flr.e corner; 7 blocks from
Washington St.; property can b» subdi-
vided, giving two additional lots; must
be keen to anrreeinte its value.
?9,2i«>-PATS 1«> PErVent NET.
Four flr.e new flats .of 5 rooms and bath j
each: open plumbing; the latest ideas .
of modern construction; close to Oak-st. j
plaza and local trains.
BEAUTIFfL ALAMEDA RESIDENCE.
Beautiful home; S large rooms and bath;
all modern conveniences; oak hall and ;
stairway, art glass windows, hot air :
furnace, full basement, cement floor, |
plate glass window; lot 55x145; choicest !
rt-sidence location in Alameda; owing to !
owner's removal will sell at great eac- j
rifiee: favorable terms can be arranged; i
bargain; cost *925O. .
H. P. B
i $21,000. $21,000
Eight fine new flats: thoroughly up- to- !
date in every feature of construction j
and for cemfort; oa sunny* corner: fine j
class of tenants; ?22T>8 per annum;
terms can be arranged to putt.
24— W
I HOU'OMB, BREED. 4: BANCROFT (Inc.).
l«60 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.
,4»ift-4«2 EIGHTH STF.EET.
Oakland.
{^-(OfV—Fine house, S room? and bath.: lake
frontage; beautiful view; lot $>0xl51; a
splendid home.
___^___
$7500 — A fine hr>u*e; beautiful grounds; house ,
has 8 large room*: terraced lot. 1Wx14O; j
cem«it walks and coping: lake view; j
convenient to locaJs and car lines: $10.<X>O !
ence !osn«l on this property; walking j
distar.ee to Broadway.
$7CC0 — Elegant modern 2- story house, 11 |
roc.ms anil bath; beautiful terraced lit, j
100x150; northeast corner: elevated poei- j
tion; cost $12,500; bargain.
j
: $2650 — Comfortable cottage, 7 rooms and bath; j
Fur.ny lot; choice location.
I $lft50 — 6-room canny cottage; lot 50x100; suit- \
able factory site: Grove and Second ets. j
| $3S5o— Nearly 4 acres, fronting on San L«- j
andro road: modern 2-story .hard-finished i
building of store and S-room flat; level j
land; flat mortgage $2100; Insured $2500. j
• $3250 — Coming business property; 50-foot
frontage: north of Seventh 8t_; modern- ]
ized cottage 6 rooms and hath; good ]
rental; 3 blocks from Broadway.
| $275f» — Nice house S rooms and bath; lot 35x
105: convenient to locals; north of Eighth
si. ; ni'j.n be eold.
I $2K50— Modern cottage «J rooms and bath; 35- |
foot frontage; near Center-st. station.
¦ $2000 — Modern bay-window cottage 6 rooms,
bath and ba-«ement'; lot 30x103; 5 min-
utes' walk to City Hall.
j f2TiO0 — Pretty bay-window cottage, 5 rooms
and bath; good rentali near new Poet-
orfloe.
! $2t¥V> — Modfm 2-*tory. S rooms and hath; |
lot S3xl9-">; near Thirty-sixth and Grove
sts.; easy terms. .
J20IX* — 5-room houy; nearly 1 acre of ground; j
' fruit tree*, well, bam and city water: j
near car line; fronting on one of our
best avenues.
Lot* of every size ani price in every locality.
LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth st.. Oakland.
JAP. S. NAISMITH.
534 Thirteenth st.
A FET) OF MANY BARGAINS
NORTH <^AKt.ANT>. THE GOLDEN MECCA
FOR INVESTORS NOW IS THE
TIME.
50x100 on Linden Et. ; Key route cars pass the
door. ?<X«. No. 33
j 50x100 on Forty-fourth st. Only $550 No. 502 !
IOOjcPO; northwest comer on West st. Will be
sold for $135. " No. 39
50xKO; north fide Fortv-flfth *t. $600. Be-
tween Grove and Market sts.
40x130 on Chetwood st.. in the Stanford Tract.
WU1 be fold for $b50 each.
. 40xJ30 on Vernon rt.. Stanford Tract. Ele-
gant views from it. $120O.
30x115; north side of go^d street, close to
• Broadway. Will be sold for $022 50. 637
5^x125: close to Fourth ave., on beautiful East
Oakland Heights. $<S0. Worth $1200.
Or will se'.l entire corner 10<»xl2S. with street
all macadamized, sewered, etc.. for $1300.
Think cf it. a northwest corner on high
ground, having a crand view of Oakland,
the biy and vicinity, for $13 per foot. The
Fourlh-ave. line is now to be rebuilt and
will be a main direct line Into Oakland
and ccnnwtlng with the new Key route.
anJ also the broad and narrow gauge
boats. This Is a tn»u.
IMPROVED PLACES TO SUIT ANY ONE.
JAS. ?• N'AISMITH.
f>J4 Thirteenth et.
A. J. SNYDER,
REKL ESTATE BROKER 'AND DEALER,
467 NINTH ST.
UPPER FRUITVALE LOT. •
$600 will buy a lot 100x130 on Boston ave.,
near schoolhouse: rplendid climate here.
DOWNTOWN COTTAGE..
12700 A 'splendid cottage of 5 rooms and hath
and basement; on West St., near 17th; clcse
In; convenient and cheap.
{2TWX> — New. well built cottage of 5 rooms and
bath and basement: stable; Iot 45x132: street
•work done; 51st Et.. cast of Telegraph ave.;
terms.
$3000 will buy a 2-story house, 7 rooms and
bath, on West st.; on very easy terms; close
to Lafayette School.
$.Vi00 — Large cottage on 2Sth St., west of San
Pablo ave.. with lot 37:6 foot front and lot '
50x100 facing another street, which Joins 2Sth
rt. lot in rear.
$300 will buy lot 5O frontage en two streets, on
Panoramic way. University Terrace, Berke-
ley; very sightly.
$22<X» — New 2-ttory house, 6 rooms and bath;
lot 25x100; on 43th st., only 2 blocks from !
Telegraph ave. - .
If you are in the market for a home, cash or
Installment. I can supply you.
Get my renting list of cottages, flats and bouses
$25» CASH. $6 monthly; neat, cozy new-
built ccttage. surrounded by immense laurel
and cak trees: running stream nf mountain
water; sandy Icam soil 8 to 10 feet deep;
lovely rjrround'ngs; section building up rap-
: idly: near car line; 'fine school house; good
substantial community; cee it and you wili
' buy It. sure: adjoining East Oakland: away
from co'.d winds and fcg: price all told.
$C75: 2 lot*. . 5TxlC0. Call or *tnd for cir-
cular 4.".5 Seventh et., opp. Broadwar sta-
tion. OaAland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
Owner.
JC700 — A FINE house In Lakeside district;
i thoroughly modern and up to date In
every particular; 9 rooms and -bath; 5
blocks from the business center: 4 blocks
from the new postofflce; price reduced
from $3000 to $C75O; must be aold. - 4
$0000 — Large, new. modern 9-room house en
TelegTaph ave.; lot Is 45x100: thU price
has been reduced from $(5000; is certainly
a great bargain.
¦ C. K. MARSHALL. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
BARGAINS tn Piedmont residence lots, indua-
lng all kinds of flowers and shrubbery; will
build to'fjit. Box £54, Call office. Oakland.
- - HORSES AND WAGONS.
DON'T fail to attend the big auction sale of
horses a: Ellls-st. stable, 615 Ellis st.. on
Monday. Jan. 11, at 11 o'clock. S. WAT-
KINS, auctioneer.
WILL close out a large stock of horses, wag-
_ ons, surries. buggies, carts and harness at
auction, January 12, at 11 a. m.. 1 at 1140 Fol-
eom et. ¦
FOR eale — Very, fine glass-front coupe, com-
plete, with harness. 1011 Sutter st.
FOR sale — Handsome trap, cheap. Box 3759,
Call office.
AI EXPRESS wagon, light camping " wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.harneBB,work.drlvlng horses. 15th-Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET. j
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Conies Furniture Co.. 24&-25d Geary
, ¦ ft., on the square.
CORNER Gough and Bush — Very sunny, m<*l-
em residence; 11 room« and bath. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
ASHBURY.* 1068. cor. 18th— Handsome resl-
! d»nce, 7 rocms. bath, garden, t table; S32 50.
1 BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 23 Post St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
| MACHINERY— Bought, Sold and Ex.
HAND elevator wanted to be installed In ware,
.house. Lycn-Dlmock Storage and Moving
Co.. 412 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
MINING AN.D ASSAYING.
20 EXPERIENCED miners to work for stock In
valuable Arizona mine; board, expenses, faro
paid. 72fi Starr King bldg.
LOST AND FOUND.
: LOST — On Friday evening, going from car.
Sacramento and Baker sts. to Clay St., near
Baker, a black feather boa. Tht finder will
kindly return to 3025 Clay Et., and receive
reward. .;-.¦:>' ¦ : \-y.;
LOST — A diamond Marquis ring, on O'Farrell
bet. Powell and Mason, or vicinity. Return
to 225 EH13 gt. and receive liberal reward.
; LOST — Brown, short-tailed, long-eared, shaggy
setter; Dr. Howard's Dick L. Liberal re-
ward If returned to 15CS Masonic ave.
! LOST — Lady's gold, open-face watch: ¦ J.
Moore's. Return to owner, L. and L. saloon;
j *10 reward. '
j LOST— White pointer dcg. 18th and Howard
6ts. Suitable reward at 2214 Howard st.
LOST— Knight Terholar badge. Return to A.
WILKIE, 715 Bryant st.; receive reward.
LOST— Spectacles: bet. hours 5:30-0; bet. Polk
and 14th sts.. Thursday eve. 56 Erie st.
LOST— January 8. silver belt buckle. Reward
at 1116 Bush et.
LOST — Black cat from 2111 Pacific are., an-
swering to name of "Mac"; r*ward.
LOST— January 7, In going from 2513 Broadway
to 2125 Jackson Ft. via. Scott St., Pacific ave.
and Buchanan st.. an open-work black enamel
pin with pearl in center. Finder will be lib-
erally rewarded by leaving same at 2513
Broadway. MRS. J. G. KITTLE.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JOHN A. or KATIE DOHERTY,
No. 102-111. The finder will please return to :
bank. .
FOUND — January 5, on Harrison St., small
lady.'s chatelaine, containing lady's watch.
penknife ana small sum of money. Owner
can obtain sam~ at 420 Eighth st. by describ-
i jj:±
j LOST— Between December 23 and December 2C.
i lady's gold watch and chain: rough finish;
! Initials P. W. Reward, 1560 Fclsom «t.,
forenoons.
I LOST — Chain and locket, engraved "R. J. B."
; Liberal r«ward will be paid at R. J. BLEN-
XERHASSETT'S, 221 First st.
S LOST— Lady's open-faced, enameled watch,
| bet. Washington and Powell sts. and ferry:
reward. 1120 Powellst.
j LO.~T — A collie dogr. Return to J. O'PHEA.
; Seventeenth and Vermont gtp. : receive reward.
' MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALB.
| BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
TRY ASBESTOs roof paint and "be convinced
that it is the nnly paint that will stop all
leaks in any rocf. either metal or shingle; It
is also the best preservative paint for all new
; metal and shingle roofs, and makes the roof
i last over twice as long than Dalnted with
any other paints; It has no equal. Office, 41a
California st., room 21; telephone James 3716.
i i
; SLOT machines — Dewey. Chicagos, Twentieth
: Centuries, Electric machines. Two-bit Puck.
J35 up; one Reglna music box: lot discs: 2
Victor talktnz machine*, your own price;
raloon bar. cheap: muet sell. ET7REKA
. NOVELTY CO.. loCS Seventh St.. Oakland, j
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lav;
I riceds no painting or coating: good over old
; ircn. tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO., 130-132 Beaie st.
FOR SALE — A first- class, large burglar-proof )
: Waltz safe in perfect condition. Apply to
: S. S. AUSTIN. -Real Estate A^ent. Twenty-
third ave.. East Oakland.
A— Fine- suits. »7 50: dress pants, ?2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — Buys, -sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BO HEAD calves, from 6 months to 12 months
old. in fine condition. Apply at 1121 Buchan-
an st. J. LEIPSIC.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost: '
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog .
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 -ats. *1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st.. near ;
Pine; open to 9 p. ra. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and 91 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d Et-.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
BARGAIN — One Parisian card press, seven
fonts type; complete. Apply 215 Minna st., .
between 4 and 5 o'clock, any day.
SELLING out Roller-Canary birds, males and
females: also Goldfinch-Canary males. 31GS
Sixteenth st.
3%c ROLL and up: fine wall paper: samples
mailed; painting, tlntiiyr. papering. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jacknon 1321.
A NO. 1 fresh Durham cow, milks IS quarts
rich milk dally; gentle; sell or trade for dry
cow. 1694 San Bruno ave.
WHITE sewing machine. 7 drawers, oak. at-
tachments complete; bargain. 1571 Market
St., near Twelfth. • ,^\/-
$15 — DOMESTIC sewing machine; 5 drawers: In
good order; complete. 1015 Mission st., near
Fifteenth. -
4-HORSE boiler and 3-borse steam engine; used
• little; cheap. Call 1303 Valencia st.
BABY carriage for sale at 1409 Scott st., city.
THBKE • beautiful cocker spaniel" pupa: 'one
brown and two black. 73 City Hall are.
SINGER tailor's machine for sale. $20> fine
femily Domestic, ?10. 2244 Mission st. ,
FOR sale — Fine GVfcxS^j . photo camera. Box
201. Call office. ...
FOR sale — One National cash register; almost
new. Inauire at 863 Bryant at. .
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. 1. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
FOR sale — Gentle yeung fresh family cow.
4106 Sixteenth st.. off Ashbury.
SAILING ark for- fishing and hunting. JrJa
Bush st.. third floor, room 4. .
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 H. P. cheap.'. E- B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt. -
FINE steam automobile: first-class running or-
der. W. V., 520 Lyon st., San Francisco.- j.
SLOT machines cheap: Chlcagoes. Twentieth
Centuries, Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 833 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1316
Market, ah. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New ana second-hand.. THE HER-,
! MANN* SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st:
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MFG.' CO.. , 510 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. *• Bullard & Breck." 131 Post st.
MILES -'-of -pip* '"and fittings: l all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo it.
SA FES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
4 CO.. 122 Market st. - ¦ : -
Edison- phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi, 053 Mkt.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
;
S. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 BROADWAY.
INCOME.
$3750— Twelfth-st. corner; "West Oakland; 2
stores; flat above; 6 large rooms, alcove and
bath; lot 35x100; good condition and would
easily rent for $50 per month; building could
not be erected for asking price.
FLATS.
Good renting flats within railroad call dis-
trict; I37&O; 5 blocks north of Center-st. sta-
tion; 2 flau, 5 and 6 rooms, worth $*5 per
i month rent; lot 25x125.
SPLENDID HOME.
Half cash; unusually well built house; with-
in 7 minutes' ride of City Hall; 7 rooms and .
bath: 3 sunny bedrooms: dining room is eepe- j
cially attractive (has novel feature of a 2-foot
mirror extending all around the four walls):
nothing else like it that we know of; lot 40x
120; year's commutation on new ferry free to
the purchaser of this house. . :
*2<J<X> — Good house of 5 rooms and bath; a |
fine lot. 50x1. "i0; out by the race track, near j
Ban Pablo ave.
GOOD VALUE.
$2600— Price cut for quick sale; good-sized
let. 34x100; 8 Tocms and bath: not too far
from town: Realty Syndicate certificates will
be accepted as cash for this.
NEW HOUSES IN EAST OAKLAND.
$3200 — 7 rooms and bath each: everything i
modern; lots 4Sxl50; near two car lines. j
IDEAL BUILDING LOTS ;
! In Linda Vista; euperb view of hills, bay and
I San Francisco; 60x132; near Oakland ave.
j cars; price $1600.
BUNGALOWS
Are very popular, because they are cozy, at-
i tractive and artiftlc; we have three very nice
I ones on hand; call end let us show ycu them; j
I prices range frcm $25O to $2900. i
Large S-room colonial hcuse;»well located: |
near Twenty-eighth and Telegraph ave. ; small |
payment down, remainder same as rent; price
j S425<>. Th'.« Is something your friends would
Lenthuse over and ycu would be proud to own.
; See additional lifts advertised in other Sun- j
! day papers.
i S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 BROADWAY. ,
TAYLOR BROS. * CO..
Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Agents,
TeL Cedar 351. 125>i Broadway, Oakland, Cal. j
DON'T OVERLOOK THIS.
$I,25A — Cottage. 5 rooms, bath and laundry: |
East front; 5 minutes' walk to local
trains, schools and churches; must be
sold; Email i-ash payment, balance like
VERY CHEAP HOME.
$3,250 — Large 8-room two-story .modern
dence; fine well: cement driveway: iron
fence; everything strictly first-class; re-
duced from $5000; terms $125O cash,
balance flat loan. S per cent: Eituation
first-clafs; on street caj- line; close to
church, schgol ar.d one-half block from
good stores. Investigate this. T.
INCOME PROPERTY.
I $4,000— Tw.j flat.«. 10 rooms; income $412 per
annum.
¦ 54.S0O — Two flats, modem throughout; Grove
et. : fine location; income *tCk> per an-
num: the l*?st and cheapest flats in Oak-
land for the money. 5«>)
; $6,500— Two new. very handsome flats, 14
rooms, cement basement; income $720
l«r annum. . fun
i $4.85O— Three flats. Sth St.; splendid location:
income 5612 per annum. • 2S«;
j $7,00O— Kour flats of rooms; fine cement
basement: very sunny and always rent-
ed: lot SoxllO feet: Madison st. ; fine Jo-
cation: Income ?96o per annum.
$10,500— Four flats, 20 rooms and basement;
11th st.; clcse in; income 51320 per an-
num.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.,
1236 Broadway, Oakland, CaL
j FRANK P. LEE.
911 RROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$2700 — Clo«e in; no car fare: good as new; cot-
tage of S rooms, bath, laundry and floored
hoFemeri; extra good plumbing; lot ::0x
10»..- owner breaklhg up housekeeping and
rriucfd price from $2»00 for quick sale.
SjTOO — New colonial 7 rooms: convenient ar-
rangement: everything about it up to date-
lot 37:«xlOO; sunny side of street; close to
new "Key route"; very easy terms.
I $325*)— Attractive new 2-!>tory; 7 rooms den
rpceptk-n hall, etc.: lot 4<>xl50 <not«? size)-
«.«» r nk " Io «atton: near new Panta Fe local.
j 5->>00 — Brand now cottage; 5 rooms; modern -
; tx-s=t construction; sunny elde of street-
near new "Key route"; lot 37:6x100; part
cash.
j $2150— Old-fashioned 2-stery; S rooms: in good
condition: larpe barn; fruit trees berries
etc.: lot 50x140; beautifully situated on
sunny side of East Sixteenth st.
$4250 — Corner on Fourteenth St.; 50x100: mod-
ern: 0 rooms; substantially built; In good
condition: house cost $.VKX): opportunity
for railroad man with family; owner away:
needs money, hence sacrifice
FRANK P. LEE.
Oil Broadway. Oakland.
WM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway.
Real Estate.
$9f<KV_A beautiful home of 12 rooms: modern
conveniences; hot-air heater; large floored attic
and c»ment bayment; north side street; lot
K"Oxl4f>; must be seen to be appreciated; near
TeUpraph ave. and Thirty-third St.; see
! photo at our office.
j
I $4500 — A new R-room colonial house; modern-
near Telegraph ave. and Twenty-eighth st. ;
40-foot lot: fine location; terms.
S-1250 — Modern 9-room 2-story house; on
Thirty-seventh et.. near Telegraph ave.; lot
42:0x115; easy terms to suit purchaser.,
$3000 — A very pretty 5-room cottage; on su-
ny sld* of Grove st.: latest plumbing: nom for
2 more rr*>ms in attic; near new "Key" rout"
for San Francisco; see photo at office; owner
must leave town on account of 111 health; re-
duced from (3300 for cuick sale.
WM. P. TODD. 1070 Broadway,
Oakland. California.
$5800 ONLY for 2 fine 9 and 1O room houses
In good location: rent about $60 per month.
P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 488 Tenth St.. Oak-
land. Cal.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO I,KT\
BIG catalogue of brutes both for rent and sale
Issued every Monday morning; get it. GEO.
W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
M0NTAXA" House. 320 EigHth ft.: sunny
suite* and ' slnele rooms for hou*ekeer>ln«
OAKI.A3rP TXTRTX. n.ATS rOB SAI.E.
FOR sale — Completely furnished fiat. 6 rooms;
everything modern: best location In the city;
close to narrow-frauge depot. Box &90, Call
office. Oakland.
OAKLAND KCR.X1TIJKE J^OK. SALB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furcN
ture. H. Scbelihsas. 11th st..cor.store.Oakland.
EMERYVILLE BE AX. ESTATE.
$2000 — COTTAGE of 6 rooms, bath, pantry,
basement: windmill, outhouses: 50x100. JO-
SEPH STRAUB, C30 Market st.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATB.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
reaps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 32S Bush st.. room
4. third floor.
MILL VALLEY AD V'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VAX.LEV REAL ESTATE.
MILL VALLEY— Fine cottage; 9 rms. & bath;
furnls>hed; electric lights: modern Imp.; cor.
lot. 100x120; fine view Mt.Tamalpals & sur-
rounding country. Owner, box 102.MU1 Valley
TAKE your wife to see th« tract right at the
station: big lots. 50xl2T>, for $400; 100 eold
In short time: $10 monthly payments. LYON
& HOAG. 116 Montgomery st. -
STORAGE
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture^
, household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third: phone Grant ltfl.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co./df-
flce Post and Powell ata. ; tel. Prlve. Ex. 571. v
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12U.
GOLDEN .West Storage: adr&nces made: MO
Mission et.: tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zshfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and ¦ Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 FlUmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
*t.: teL Main 1*40.. Shipping at cut rates'."
STUTTER-ING AND STAMMEUIXO.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market^Cw»
In every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
EDPCATIOItAL.
WHICH IS THE BEST BUSINESS COLLEGE
TO ATTEND?
The best school Is the one that employs the
best" teachers, gives the most solid instruc-
tion and that can best advance the Interests
Heald's Business College employs 30 teach-
ers, many of whom have a national reputa-
tion.
The attendance is larger than at any other
commercial school on the coast.
There are nearly 100 new writing machines
{ in the Typing Department.
The college has special instructors fcr book-
keeping, penmanship, shorthand, typewriting,
the English branches, arithmetic, commer-
| cial correspondence, mechanical drawing.
! higher mathematics. French, German and
Spanish.
The Business Practice Department Has one j
, of the most complete systems of commercial !
work in America.
Heald's Business College is. acknowledged !
to be the leading school of its class west of
Chicago and ranks among the first in the
: United States. |
HHI (
It was one of the six selected by the Na- !
tinnal Government out of a thousand or more
throughout the entire country to represent '
the development of commercial education at I
; the last Paris Exposition. :
I = V. '
; Having been established for 40 years, thou-
: samis of its former graduates now occupy po-
I sitinns in the mercantile community as capi-
: talists and employers. It is thus able to be of
! material service in securing employment for all
I who are qualified.
; More than 20.<V>0 Heald's Business College
j graduates -are now In active life.
The utmost effort Is made to promote the
material, as well as the educational welfare,
of all who pass through its classrooms.
Last, it csnnot h* too widely known that :
Heald's Business College is always unable to i
I supply the demand on It for young men and
j young worarn who understand stenography
I and bookkeeping. All who »lll acquire a rea-
j scnable proficiency in these subjects are pure [
I of employment at good salaries. Eteht hun-
dred'calLa at the college for help during 1903. j
ZZH ;
Do not these facts promptly answer the f
question. "WHICH IS THE BEST COLLEGE
TO ATTEND?"
HZ
Catalogue "free en application.
2-4 Post St.. San Francisco.
; ; • ;
Telephone Main .1248. |
¦ ¦ ZZZZI •. i
ANOTHER Enlargement — California Business
College moves the first of the year to IM
new home, 901-925 Golden Gate ave.. occu-
pying 18,000 square feet, the entire top floor
of the new Pioneer Automobile bldg., oppo-
pie beautiful Jcfftrscn square: every modem
Idea for health, comfort and progress of our
students; departments all reorganized and re-
furnished; occupies larger Epace than any
other two business colleges on the coast:
write at once for our 75-page Illustrated
catalogue, giving full information about our j
25 ter cent removal discount. Address 3uO j
Larkln st. j
ALWAYS the best — We are enlarging our
quarters 50 per cent; other schools are mov- J
Ing farther out to secure cheap rent: our lo- j
cation is central, among the business houses, j
giving advantages In securing positions, also j
convenient car service; experienced business j
men as teachers; .actual business bookkeep- i
Ing; Gregg shorthand (used In half the J
«chools In America); typewriter at home '
free. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL- 1
LKGE, 123C Market rt. j
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; established IS years: life scholar-
ship; $50: boottkeeplngj shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions .se-
cured; the college refurnished with new j
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue |
free. ' ; !
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, "touch typing.
languages, telegraphy English branches: day |
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln tl~. i
"A thorough school"; positions secured for !
graduates; modern methods: individual In- i
Etruction. Write for illustrated catalogue. '
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory echool j
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk Bt..
¦ between Pine and California; both adult and j
children's classes are now open for the ecason. I
ADVANCED French classes Monday. Wednes- j
<!ay. Friday. 11 o'clock: elementary course
will begin January 15 at-10 o'clock; $2 month;
simplest method. 428 Sutter st.
HEALD'S School of Mines if Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S. F.: a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.'
TEACHER will give private assistance to pu- !
pils deficient in scholarship; day governess.
MISS LANE. 1827 Hyde st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elecTm!:!.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1RW Van
der Naillen School. 11.1 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY. Peralta Park.
Berkeley, boarding school for boys under 15.
BRO. GENEBERN. Director.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard st.. near
Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
SPANISH: quick method; dally lessons; $1 a
week; 4 *o 9 p. m. Room 42. Parrott bldg.
SPANISH taught by Spanish lady; an experi-
enced teacher. 230.T* Bush st.", city.
WANTED — English lessons in exchange for
German. Box 3079, Call office.
BANJO, mandoiln. guitar thoroughly taught:lat-
est methods. J. H. MANSFIELP. 4C2 Geary st.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher, 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTOVS. 424 Pine st--.- Night clas«.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.wrlttng.
etc.;. day or eve. ; $.% mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Cth.
FINANCIAL. ~~™
~~ STOCKS — BONDS — SHARES.
We will sell, in lots to suit:
100 Alaska Central Ry 5s pfd $5 50
20.000 Mount Shasta 03
7,0<X> New Cerro Bonito Bargain
1,111 Llghtner Bargain
5<<0 Golconda lij
5.000 Westlake Oil 05 i
5,000 Tarbox 11
2,000 Potomac Oil n
We will buy: : -
Jerome Canyon. Maltman. Santa Ana Tin.
Bismarck. Nugget Gulch, Fullerton Oil and
all marketable Mining, Oil, Bank, L*>an or
Industrial Stocks.
, To Investors — Now is the time to buy In good
securities. The market Is low and the op-
portunities for securing choice bargains never
better. Write us your wants or for Informa-
tion on sound investments. Our offerings cover
the entire market while our prices are highly
attractive.
WATT & COWPER-THWAITE,
- Bankers and Brokers. Stockton. Cal.
_ : , — .
INCORPORATE your business under the new
Congressional corporation act, approved by
3 President- Roosevelt;, broadest, cheapest and
best corporation law in the world: beware of
advert Isements of Irresponsible promoters; full
booklet. Information an»l refs. furn. free on
application. Address National Corporation
Co. tine), Starr King bid., San Francisco, Cal.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
, nancial Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
but scoal gold now. . " v — v", .
fur.mturl: for sale. .
FURNITURE for «ale at 1411 Van Ness ave-
nue; _ magnificently . furnished house, com-
plete: carpets, pictures, draperies, furniture
and all other, furnlshin-s; geed tenant can
have lease.
FUnxrnjRE for. sale la. a fine 5-room flat on
Valencia st... at n reasonable figure. Apply
to DOYLB-ITtYAL CO.. 47i* Valencia st. -¦
is * CRMTURE -WASTED.
A.— Highest price paid for fur..carpets.ete. Mrs
- T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur." Co./ S12 Larkln!
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctloneer.lSlSMkt.:.tel.Howard.2756.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44G2,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture," carpets.
PERSONALS ContlnocA. .
PHYSICIAN' 15 years' experience, cure* per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Cap o«
address Central Pharmacy. 221 Grant ave. .
corner Slitter St.: fee moderate.
MRS. e'aTON. electric needle specialist, haj
moved to it«a* Sutter. Lincoln blk.. room. 6CU.
MISS EATON to 233 Geary, room 33.
SPKCIAL OFFEK for 1 mo.: ladies' suits mads
to order: first -class 'work: .*;>.»; with material
furnished «2<> up. At M. WILSOX. 3SO Geary.
DRUNKENNESS morrhJne and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S.30 PoIX »t.: consultation fre;; call cr writa.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 937 Mar-
ket St.. room 203: phone South 751.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoat*,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
. Tailor. 721 Market st. >
DANCINO-Tuf*(Jay. Thursday. Saturday. Stra-
day evgs.. Teutenia Hall. Howard st.. near
Oth: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
BKP-WETT1NG cured, any age; package of
Pen-ine. directions and bockiet free. Mis-
souri Rem«-dy Co.. Dept. tt»4, St. Louis. M".
"EFHPHATHO'S"' marvelous (drug!ess) cures
of "total" deafne.«s»; yesterday "deaf mute "
instantly heard and spoke. 417>-i Pine; h. 2-3,
GOOD Christian, sober widower, alone. Trith
rmans, desires to correspond with lad"; r»b-
>*ct matrimony. Box 321. Call office.
DETECTIVE work, dene: reference* riven;
terms reasonable: res. 1.V7 Guerrero tt..
Fan Francisco.. <'al. ; phone White 97 1.
ALL bills against 411 Sutler st.. FRED LOVE,
be In by Tuesday mcrning.
Bon Marche Pants Co. : special S3 pants to or-
d*r. Rooms 14 A IS. 4O Ellis. Tel. Dnam 44.
MASQUERADE ccatumes. play books, wigs;
country orders GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mk\
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed br «!ec-
trlc needle. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Mark*;.
TAILOR-MADE suit J7 30: dress rants $2 5O.
Misfit Clcthing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFRIDCU'B Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception'
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Marktt St.. opposite Fifth.
Ocen until II p. m.
PALMis-nvv.
MME. DKVAS. sc!entiflc palmist and astrolo-
ft!st; palm readings $1; li questions by ex-
press, $1; open Tuesday eve. also. 130 Post st.
MME. NEERGARD, located at 242 Post; houra
1 to S daily. Phone Jamea 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 315
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 5rtl.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONN'ELL— Of3ce and residence.
1021H Market §t.. bet. «th and 7th; panlcu-.
Iar attention paid to diseases of .women.
DR. M. MATSTDA has returned from Orient-
Now at 8E. corner Geary and Taylor sta.
BLOOD skin ar.1 rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073}, Market at.
REMOVED — DR. -WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases cf the human body; fcr
past four years at 113-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI P»
Tai. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dia-
eases cured by Chinese herba. 748- H Clay st.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
NOTICE — The secretary of the San Francisco
Protestant Orphan Asylum Society herewith
gives notice that the following orphan aivl
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted tn the asylum oa Haight st. from
July 1, 1903, to January 1. VsH: Joa-pain*
V. Johnson. 7 yrs. 10 mos. ; Neta G. Johnscn.
5 yrs. tt mos.; Florence Wlillston. 5 yrs. 3
mos.; Ruth G. Estee. 1O yrs.: Ora M. White.
9 yrs. 7 mcs. ; Martha Goessel. 3 yrs. 'J
mo*.; Fannie Ambler. 11 yrs 6 mos.; Laun*
Ambler. 0 yrs. S mo?. : Helen Eett. 7 yrs.
mos.; Eva Daniels, 2 »ts. 4 mos.: Katie L.
Schmidt. 3 yrs. 11 raos.; Eureelee Winning-
ham, 7 yrs. 4 mns. ; "Elizabeth A. Helberir. 3
yrs. 7 mos.: Cecil C. Willlston. 7 yra. 7 mos :
Edgar J. Mayers, 4 yrs.; Herman Lindner. 4
yrs. 11 mos.; James R. I. Davis, 6 yrs. <%
mos. ; William L. Estee. 9 yrs. 10 mos. :
¦Willard E. Estee. 4 yra. 3 mos.: Gustav
DieSenbacker. 7 yra. ; Norman L. AVoate. 7
yrs. S mcs.
THE Padtta Hebrew Orphan Asylum ar.d Horn*
Society hereby gives retire that they havs
a^mitt'd Into the orphanage from July I.
; ir*tt. to January 1. 1304. the followtnc-
mmed orphans and half-orphans, boys an.t
i girl«, viz. : Rebecca RaMnnwitJ, aged ¦«
| yr». 4 mo«. ; Tiny Rabinowitz. ag*d 3 yr». »
mos. ; Litl'.e Goldberg, aged .«. yrs. 4 me*. :
} Rosle Goldberg, aged 6 yrs: Israel Forman.
agrd 4 yrs. 5 mos.; Rebecca Fabian, aged S
yr». 2 mo?.; Philip Fabian, aged 7 jts. U
' mo?.; Fanny FaMan. aged 6 yrs. 3 mos.:
Julius C.-.hen. ared 4 yrs. 8 mo*.; Paulina
: Ghinsburg. II yrs. 3 mcs.
I NOTICE U hereby given that the Maria K:p
Orphanage of 32O Lake et.. San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half-
crphan girls from July 1. 190C. to January
1. 1904: Violet K. Lungers, tf years; M.i-
bel Campbell. 12 years: Margaret Campbell.
9 years: Amy K. Rice. S years; Bessie E.
Cook. 12 years; Elizabeth K»rr. 4 years;
Annie Herrold. 12 years: Etfzabeth Herrold.
10 years: Ida Herrold. 9 years; Alice Her-
rold 9 years; Hilda Herrold. 4 years; Id.»
Rule. 9 years: Mabel E. Rule. 7 years; Dor-
othyR. Au Buchon. 12 years: Ruth Loui;»
Au Buchon. 8 years; Thelma Haven, i year3.
I I!- ,
! THE following chirdren have been entered «t
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children: George James Miller, age 1 year;
Anita Mulligan, age ." : .. years: Joseph Mulli-
gan, age 3*$ years, and Veronica Mui:.?i-i.
' age 2 years, all half crphana.
j Ladies: Chlrnester's English Pennyroyal Pil!j
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
• stamps fcr particulars. ".Relief for Ladles"
' In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co . Philadelphia. Pa.
| SKAVIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
, NEW HOME — See cur new triple-feed ma-
; chines: slightly used: $10. $13. $20: second-
hand. $ :. $5. $S: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market *t."
jnrpEWRiTEns a.\d supplies.
' AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
'. Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Tea
Typewriter Exchange. 526 California st
j A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
I tlculars of L. * M. ALEXANDER. 110 Most-
j gomery st. -• ¦ ' ¦--
I A typewriter at any prl-e; agents Fay-Sholes.
$lw»: Sun. $40: Commercial. $33: Postal. $23.
CUNNINGHAM. CUBTI3S A WELCH.
1 2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 5CS Marzec.
DIVIDEVD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Tha Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco: At a regular meet-
Ing of the board of directors of thi3 tan*,
held January 5. 1804. a dividend was de-
clared for the half year ending December
31, 19C3. at the rate ot seven »7> per cent
per annum, payable on and after the 15tn
i inst.; transfer booka will be closed from t- s
10th to the 15th inst.. both days Inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. .Secretary.
San Francisco. January 5» 1004. '
EA-N FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings BanK
building. 708 Market st.. opposite Third—
For th«' half-year eading 31st ot December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at tn*
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
capital stock and participatlns certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 19O*. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Olant Powder Ccm-
par.y. Con.: A dividend. No. Cl. of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the issued caoital
stock of the company haa been declared, pay-
able at the ofrlc* of the company, rooms 202.
' 204 and 206 Hayward, traUJing. San Fran-
cisco, on January 11. 1904: transfer books
close Jan. 4. at neon. C. C. QUINN-. Sec
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
! CENTRAL^ " P^lcIfTc^^RaTlWaY COMPANY
FIRST REFUNBLN'G MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice Is hereby given that, purxuar.t to ta»
provision cf Article Eight of tSe mortzazi
trcm this Company to the #entri! Trust Com.
! pany ot New Ycrk, Trustee, dated August 1.
Is39. this Company haa set apart out of tha
net Income derived by It . from the line* of
railroad therein mortgaged use sum of Twen-
: ;.»five thousand dollars -In trusi to be u>* l
to r«Kem sai.l bonds.* and that boeds Issued
ur.der said mortgage will be re.I »en-.«>d there.
with «nd bids are hereby invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to be named by
the bidders, to the amount retiuislu to ex-
I haust tak! sum. Such bids should b« pre-
stnted to this Ccmt-any . at Its office. 120
{ Broadway. In the City of New Turk, on or
I before the 1st day cf February. 1304. at
twelve o'clock noun, and shwlj be indorsed
•Bids for Surrender of Central Pacific RaU-
way Company First Refunding, Hor.J»."
t CENTIiAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPAXT.
- liy E. H.. HARRIMAN. President.
New York. January 2. lOto.
THE copartnership- heretofore' existing be-
t tween ROMAN PRYOR and W. II.
SCHOLTZ. carpenters, haa this day been
dissolved by mutual consent. Dated at San
Francisco, Cal., January 2. 19C4.
W. H. SCHOLTZ.
I ISEAL/I R. PRYOR.
1 For Additional Classified AdTertlse-
t merits See Page Forty-Foor. •
IJBEBKBLEY ADYEKT'S'M'NTS (
"^*E»™j?!LJ!^f' ESTATS - "
••"^ „;,. three blocks to both trains; street
e -r-k all dor.e; worth »*000.
" i^sno— New 7-room house; only $200 cash, fcal-
• f» per month; only 2 block* to btfth
— ..,,.- fK'i-celain bath, tiled sink, •tatlon-
ary toba, fine mantel, gaa and electric
• KfXtt^N<w J>-rocni house, all conveniences; 4
' rice let? on corner; street work all done;
I* cl^se to cars: $1000 cash required, balance
rafr payment*.
: j75ji k'-Tocm house, chicken yard, fine well;
. . street eewered; large let; handy to care;
-in g'^xi condition.
|~;<v»_N»-&.-:y new 4-room cottage, bath; all
ih'frf room; let ROx.135; fruit trees and
heaoUfOl flower parden: all furnished. In-
. i-jd:r;«r new piano, carpets, curtains, bed.
t-*.i*ir.g. pictures and dishes; only H block
-. rr«:r. : must be told at once on account
* of departure.
W. C. MORAN. lyrin station,
or C. C. EMPL1E. Arhby station.
Ji^-HOUFE of 5 rooms, bath, etc.: only 3
block* from Ftatlcn; street work al! done;
e let t£xl37
CtOft Hub— nf 6 rormt and balh; lot 40
X130; ciose to ftation an4 car lines: for a few
day* only.
. $V« — A flne corner. 102x14* ; street work
. LITTLE "i ' WOOLFET. 2110 Shatturk are.
A «~HANHE OF A LIFETIME.
c «A few rh^ce building lots at $*!> per front
foot; a view cf the bay and hill* that mill
T)»ver be obstructed; .property within, one block
of the abovr i r > — t ¦-.:¦* at $75 per front fr»ot.
JUSTER & BAIRP. 2137 Fhattuck ave.
FOR SALE — Choice properties, improved und
unimproved, for residence or business, in
ail parts of town; or will build you a home
on easy payments. Call or write fcr rar-
..ticular*
FRANCIS FERRIER Real Estate.
2:21-Fhatiuck ave.. opp. BERKELEY Station.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
; . : FRIITVALE REAL ESTATE.
• H. BARKMEYER. 12<*5 Freitvale ave..
Frultvaie. Cal.,
¦ 'Win Build Tmi a Home to Suit on Easy Terms.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
. .$100 — Oriy two short blocks frcm car line in j
N: limit.
$V»0 — A bargain; coxy cottage cf 3 rooms:
iarr* lot. J>0x20i<; fine well and fon-e pump;
imii treee and Ilowerr: 3 dozen chickens and
ch»rk«>Q hous-<-*; near school and electric cart; J
10 minutes' ¦-» to local train; «-e this be-
fore .buying elsewhere.
$1050— Splendid cottage nf 4 ro^m«. high
tassmrnt; lot 05x115; one block from Fruitvale
kve.; terms if desired.
$:i".V> — Almost new; bay-window enttnge of 4
rooms, high »*»!wnt; lot 37:«ixl0rt; 3 blocks
from local train; «»>«) cash, balance ram* ag
rent.
' $170*) — Cottage of 4 rooms and par.try, about
1 acre cf fine t-oil; good well and pump; rtable
and chicken houses; situated In upper Fruit-
vale; term* if desired.
»:<<«> — Modern, up-to-date rottage cf A rooms
and bath, high ba*em«-nt; barn, burgy shed.
chicken house and yard; lot «>xl4l». ail fenced:
near school and local train; mu5t be seen to be
. arrrec'ated.
fif**} — Two-*tory house of R room* and bath;
2 <acMa of fine foiI. frontinsr on two street?: i
fruit trP<-», aal t-znall fruit in bearing; large. J
*-ftory J^arn. chicken and brooder houses- two :
tncubatTrs; fine Jersey cow; almost new tnp .
.buggy ar.d haroes*; will subdivide and «tll one 1
acre *ith ail improvements fcr J3500; this p'.a^e j
'.* situated on one of the finest avenues in Ala- ,
, rneria County and worth irv^rj rating. For
particulsrs apply to H.' Ba7..."EYER. 12™5 j
Fruitvale ave.. Fruitvale. Cal.; tel. Brook *>3>>'. ;
H A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. i
• w *-' — Xe » cottage of 3 Urge moms; clowt*. ,
pantry: c'ty water; lot 40x135; one block '
frcm electric cars: easy terms if desired.
•1250— ; Good 5-room cottage, bath, laundry- !
. room, etc.; lot 5oxir>0; close to school and i
electric cars; eagy terms.
plOOrv— Ni-.e 4-nrom cottage, newly 'painted- fruit
*»<v>« tr tr',* eU! -i Iot •»••<***: handy to cars.
532CJO— Moaem S-rocm ccttage: hall, bath base- i
'^w-^ m '' nt - exc - : iot 70x113; Jn a fine location. '
* 2 * lrtf 'r K * tr * fi ne dwelling nf 7 rooms; hall. !
na:n. mantel, ga*: modern in every j-ar- :
TicuJar: l-t :«-x!25; in the best part cl i
Ear: Oakland.
.$22T.<»— Fin* cottage c f 5 large m-w, hall, hath !
ana all mojeru conveniences: lot 72:<Sxl"4 I
.,„ '¦'"'* ha ' f Mock frcm KruiivjUe ave.
iZZaV-New modem cottage ot 5 rooms, hath,
large ha:), mam*!. sta:li-.nary tubs and '
fine bawntnt; lot 37:»i-12xKK»: only two !
• ..^.r £** frrm frugal* un:«u| terms. ,
liflOO—Nex. modem cottage of 4 large rooms.
barti, basement, barn, etc.: lot rjOxl75- in
a beautiful, elevated location; one block
from Fruitvale ave. -
[ H. A. CLEITNETt. Fruit rale Ftatiog.
CHA jl riliiFf: , Phone Vale TM.
• Office half Mock from Fruitvale station
**.*> ca*h; modern, new. 5-rjom bungalow
ccuage; beautifully locatfd in the foothill*
cemmensi:-? flr.e view <.f the bay and sur-
rounding country; 3'Jst the pure for a chicken
ranch; away from the cold winds and wet fog*-
:n the froFtle** r*-It : ncte sire of !r>t 3i5xl<iO :
price, all told. GE300; rnly $.vm cash required.'
ba.ance 6 per cer.t interest, payments at option
• of purchaser.
$75 lots jn the beautiful Rosa L*» Tra-f
r.r ft sell; pran! view; new hcraes rapidly going
? r: 11 r r ;/1 w:r ""- y or we '- n Ss and only |75 per
• fc. <5ow n. balance $2 M p*r month.
' HARLi> F. LEE. 1222 FrultvaJe ave.
SPECIAL ~
POR THIRTY DATS.
T.TKDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA P*RK
The tuTEir.us trf 5-cent fare. }}ayward5 car* •
**!¦••* e graded and gravfle«1; Ftone Kidf^ralks; -
<1fpot on tract: lotp from f5<> to f?T>: J2<> rash I
tnd balance *1O p^r month; IS blr>cka to lor-al
train; tK*t locates property on Pan Leandro
"jriaii- eraded trhool nn tract. Apply to S s
AT'STIN 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
' PBUITVAUB FaOPEBTT.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TTO.^DWARr>. WATSON * CO. INC
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE
1172 KROADWAV. COR. 14TH ET
TELEPHONE MAIN S5.
WEBSTERST. HOMES ON LAROE. SUNNT
n^? V r» aaUftd * orr - r * ar» nearing comple-
VtJl f, th- comer r.f Twenty-firrt and Web-
'• V s ' ry ur * thc b *« l baiIt house, that
can be constructed and the prices are rieht
ora'ce tCr ™ Sf doclrw1 ' Particular, ,t 8 our
'
-¦u^^iruJ^V^^ and
' Its aituation make, u a good, tafe buy.
A M>TUe-et. house of 5 rooms and bath en
C*s.t*>*3. tee It.
$0250.
. Income fiats on West «. They pay *3« per
month on the investment or about Vtii ner •
cent net. Let us show you this property. i
Fine, modern eight-room house on sunny
L ct ,*Z. e * Jt A > w *»<« raodera. Easy teTO^if
cesirea.
Nic* eunny flve-room ccttajr*. new and
modern. Fine bay for the money.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO INC
UEAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE
1172 BROADWAT. COR. 14TH ST
TELEPHONE MAIN S3.
• LIST TOUR moPERTY WITH US FOR
$3000— FLATS; renting for $360; 5 rooms each-
In cood condition. "¦
»4000— Prettiect Hwis« colonial cottage fn Oak-
land; 7 room*; large corner; choice loca-
tion, close to Telegraph ave.
$::.-. •- 0 roctna; haniy to Broadway; downtown.
$1750— On Thirty-second utreet. bet. Telegraph
and San Pablo aves.; rooms; lot 33x110
feet; cusny and desirable. -\ '•¦>¦
. Pretty new. modem house just completed -
sorth side Tfctrty-fcurth street, bet. Weft
and Market.
GEO. W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broaoway. Oakland.
S100 VOWTS. $10 s>er month and bank inter-
est, will buy a oory 5-room bouse, close to
San Pablo ave.; high basement: street work
all dose; this house rents for $10 per month
and win par for Itself: "took this op at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. JANUARY 10. 1904.
44
CH COUCH SERVICES.^
i'lAV'M th Coacres*— a Church. fo*t *'•.
near \\otwi»r-- Rev. I. C. Meserve, U- u ¦¦
0 r»*tor. Morning ucrshiji Ai 1!; s:rr.ion
_i<-rr.». -"Itw t'uiy ut the Hour." Evening
«.«^hi|i — T:<:.: toulc of addrfis, ."How -
rv-or Mih Mek«-» Mar.y others Uich. tun-
•i£'.» »¦• h.K>! at '.»:'6<J a. n. «.'. 10. mee.lrg
ai C:45 p. m. Th? people are all welcome to
' nil thess serrtcra.
TH1SO tVmcrcgitionaL Fi':?entn st.. near
M-ssicr. -Rev. Willitm lUdrr, pastor, will
i-rcii-b i'V l*jtl: >-»rvice*. 11 H. m., "Th«
Ket:«?r V\ay. ur the r*«_nf Meals.' • : : 'U
;.. m . -3 he Mcar_ng annB'rivileee of D?ir.g
t_ppy." T .
FJCST Congregational Church, ccr. Post anj
Ma>cr. rts.— Hev. «j3orjfe «'. .Adame. O.IV.
I astor. vill I'tvarh wih services.^ At 11
a. m . louic. -Tiie Creation. " At 7:ij V- B.,
topic 'A Comparison of Experiences. , AU
a:-* cerd tally jnviteU. £ .1
>"ll_jT Pna— yterlsa Cbsrcb. Van Nes» a-.e. |
iD d Sacraner.iu St. — Itcv. W. K. GuthiiC .
lasior. MvrrAr.g. setvtee. H oclock. jtreacli?.-. !
i'.-v. F.. K. strong of Trinity Presbyterian
< hv.rcb. Evening wrvice, 7:J'J o'dUjck.
t— Mtcher. R*v. W. K. Guthric. Lecture on
:he '¦f.-hristlan jicrtrino of the Future Life,"
''Hebrew Pi.pr.r.ulon.' "i'ocitivc Aspect.
F.bbath scfaocL I -':;:<• p. m. Christian t-n- 1
deav^r. -r.:ir> i>. D- and «J:!5 p. m. \\ «-dr.es- !
<".-v. s p. m.. Bddwaek serrtoe. Tur>«day, SI
I'.'jh.. lectur-' by IVofc-sscr >- «¦». AIcAdie on |
"UgbtBizut and Top." illustrate-1 by the 1
• finest ccltecUoa of p_atcsr_nhs in ;ne -.vcr.J. |
All are cordially tartttd. |
CALVAJ'.Y rVesbjtcrt— Church, rorner Jac!;- ¦
son eru FUUaar. *t*.~ !te.-. John Bemphlll.
0. I».. r>_stor. Moralns •enrloa at l_;
o'clock; terr.:on toclc. •'Croti-n Jewels.;'
Kvening Berries at 7:30 fc'i-iock; ftrmen
topic. "A tirca: Jt BTC-WMlIty — Is It •
v .'ourt?"' The raster will preach at both i
— i-0-.-e*. fai>>;».th uohcx.l at y:30 a. m.. |
< rchestmJ KUtic. Christian Endeavor mtet- j
mj a? •:_ v. m. Prayer m»*tir.s Wednes-
day eveolcs at S o'clock. All are cordially
invited. .
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, comer
• >f V. ebilcr ar.<! Page et*.. ii::'.p':.\.. JJ«ye« ani
fillmcr*' fctn-ei cars convenienr— Serm on 11
;¦- m.. ty Rev. J. T. Wills. !>.1>.. themt.
"The Prih* ot Redemption," foilowedai>y ce!-
of the lyrd's Supper. Sermon In
(Jic evening a* 7:45 t/c'ock. tiie-ue, "Oharac-
t*r Eui!d:ng," a ncrmor for young mca. Sun-
oay-s?hool »t V:45 a., m. Christian Kndeavcr j
. at 6:45 p. m . Trayer meeting every Wednei-
e'.Av c\enir.f al 7:1^ o'ciocir All invited and ;
••eicotce. j
rNITAHIAN <-hurch rFirit). EW. ccr. Geary j
»nd Kianklin «=-.».— Pev. liradferd I>eavitt, |
rr.inistrr: Oiarlts A. Murdock ar.d Rev.
< liristophrr Ilut^s. sup*rini<cd':nts of Sunday '
school, .lunior churth and Sunday school are?
ai lt» o'clocV. Sunday service '.t at 11
• .'clock. Uh. Mr. llosmcr cf Berkeley will j
(¦reach it: «<x<~lianf!c wit;i Mr. Lravitt. I'arents I
may leave . hildr* »n in the kindergarten room'
iJuring ¦errlc*. Vufic by ouartit under di- ,
ration of :T. Bretherick, orpanist. All are j
ccrtiialTy invited. j
UNITARIAN Oh-C— a <P<cr.ndt. cor. T~_tleth]
and Capp ft«. aake MiEsion cr Valencia st. ,
r_r)--Th* Her. Jay William HuJsun. mln- j
i*tf r: rerfdenre. W^) Ca- 1 ft. The Surday I
fhr, c \ n-.*-cts at 9:45 o'clock. Mr. W. «\ Max- j
« ell. ti!T«rrintcndent. At the morning service]
al 11 o'olii-k'thr Itev. Jay William Hudson ]
will rr*_<-b. Subject: ' Th" Mistakes We •
MakQ.** Mu=:<- by crcfceMra and choir under !
ih- direction wf Mr. Jab:*h Clement. All the j
«-cat« are fret. No evening service.
ElMPSOX Mrtroria! Mrthodist Hpiscopa! I
iTiSTcfa, cor. IIa>— aiH Buchanan sts. — Rfv. I
Jolm {factor. Public worship st 11 f
_. ni. an^ 7 ::ji< p. m. Bandar «"chrrl at 12:"r»
!¦ in., li U. JVrkin*. ?'jr<^rintend»-r.t. Ep-
-orth 1,'aruc at «::«» p. — I>r. R. O.
Mi -'•:>¦. preside;. t. The pastor ti ill prc3<-h
rr !*jih fervicts to-day. S»ats free. All
«V*!<-c:rc.
FinST lUii-iift Church. Eddy rt.. ncer Jones—
Prfai hirsF. II a. m. and 7:S<> p. m.. by Rev.
T_cc9— f Uai<i«in. !).!».; topic. — crninir. "Ihe
SufT^rinc Ka vli>r" : »•^fnins. "The fc'tcry <if
Utriam." f?:L!« *--fcool, 1_:"O |>. m. Chric- ]
van m«»rjins5. i',:'-:>> p. m. Prayrr meetint. I
~><neaday. 7:ir, p. m., conducted by Dr.
Ha'dwln.
TRINITY <')mrch. oor. Du^h and Goush Bts. —
rt«r. Frederick W. rismpett, I). I)., rector.
Holy cv-r.imunion. ~l?M a. m. Morning
pr aver, II a. m. Pe'>^l»'i» one hour service
.:; 8 p. m. . The rector will preach at both
¦errfce*
l"in.«T «'hurrh cf Christ. Scientist. Central
bin k. 'JZ-l Suttpr «.. bet. Keamy and Grant
av«v— < iirlstian Scirnre service at 11 a. m.:
aabj#ct of It— aoa straw. "Sacrament."
s-jnday frr!v.->| f.ir children at the fair*
h'nir: \Vodn<«Jay evening Tneeting at ••
o'«Jor_; Jr.«> ieziin_ rcom. 2'«« Kearny St.,
:>v^r,i>' r'":.«-510; all are wrlc^mp.
TUrr Ppof!e'«= fhurch meets Sunday evenlrign,
F.!ks- - Hi;!l. 223 Putter ft. Pastor. Mrs. Anr.a
1. O'HrFjiie; subject, "InJiviiuailty After
Death."
A CHEATER MeaTs meeting will b« held this
Sunday t'lprninn .in th» Young Men's
< hnstisn Association Av.ditorium, Mason
• . »nd Kliis st>-.. at :; o'clock. Prcceedlng the
addresa t!i»-rc uiii be an informal recrp-
ti-in st ":r:i» <-.-clock in the reception hall.
. Th» proeTa'Rtn^ will includo a i«iano recital
en<3 s*>lec;i i :n5 from the Knickerbocker mal«
•luartel. At a oVleck Frank B. Fori| will
fi*ak ¦!• Use a-jditc r ium. <"<ir:ie oarly anJ
*pfuie -a g.«-«l F<»»it. as :h«> li?!I is sure to b«>
¦ r— rded. Th«* fa~iiMi* Kr'ckerbjckers will
ni' ."•ime <•( th?!r finest muRiiv
THE Tb'v.K-'phioal P.-«if-ty. <'olonel If. S. O!cott. |
rr*-« ; Sil''nt-f<iur>d'»r — Ilfa>5Tjarters Academy cf I
Scl^ncw buildin?. ST!» Market st. Public- *!<•;•- !
tur<- .-<t s p. m. by Mr. Fr^erick ML Willis:
rabject, "F—^m Rsrth to Hirth." I^otus group
II :.»• a m. Study dan TTllllwlai. 2:30 p. ni.
THF. Th«-npli<ca! Pocl^ty. GoMen Gat" I>jjp<»
- Tieo ptfbllc lectures: tytTJ Sunday, S p. m..
Flood bui!«1int. SITI Mai ket Ft. ?ubjpct t".
nic_L "Fsllacir? in th« Doctrine of Ueredl-
iy." by an F. T. S. #
EPECIA1. !?•,¦*!« 1 rncetin- «t the hall. 17 city
Hall f;\:»rf. t/ar Market rt.. Sundav evon-
¦ng at 7 :*.'»: <pen tiir meetins at 7:30." H. A.
Irons'of. erang_tat. All T(-elcome; seats free!
THl-OfOPHIiAirMTcTinee— \V. P. PHEI-ON, i
M. It . on "Map an<l His InflUf-mes." at I
lirrmrtlc Brotherhood, .vjy Van Ness ave..
Tlmi— ilay nighl.
MEETINGS Sl'XDAV.
W. J. COLVILLE lectures in room 11. Flood
building. Mnrki-t sjid Kourt'i sts.. at 3 p. m.;
m Lorinc Hall, Elcvnih and <:iay «ts.. Oak-
land. 7:30 i: m. Subject. "The Pracllcal
Impcrtan'-o of s Study cf Occult Science to
tbf PreB»nt <;en«>i— tion." Lectures in Bam*
ball, J-'dri Francisco. Tu^s., Thurs.. Sat.. ."
and S 1,. m.: In Oakland, Mon., 3 and 8
l'. m.; Bet; 3 d. tn. •
MME. F.. TOUNG <who prophesied Chicago
, fltr) in\it»>s all jikeptics to witness her genu-
Itie rrlrit m-rsages to-night. Me. CIS McAllis-
ter
_IMi:. EEEI,ETS te«s; lecture by Halim
Hrr>r>ks. "Actian of Planets on Human Life";
l-paling: S p. m.. Odd Fellows' bldg.; 10c.
CASFINO. wonderful Hindoo trance medium.
¦ II Taylor i-t.; all who are sick or in trouble
'•cn?u!t her; 2 questions by mall, 25c.
AT HMter A<1*pts. 12:0 Market *t.. test meet-
Ing. Sun., Tu».. Thurs. and Fri. eve.. 10c.
W. n. KEE'lAN holds test seances even- night
except Sat.. 10c; eit. 10 to li. MS fetxth st.
KATIE HEl'SSMAXX'B circle Friday eve..
-.V: Kit, daily. IQfxj Harrison: tel. Mint 997.
Friendship Hall. r.Z5 McAllister; tests to all
3<V; n-.adings dal!;-. Mr*. Meyer and others.
ATTE :n:> Mrs. Ilarland's evening circle to-
r.ight. K)c. 148 f.Jh;New Tear prophecies daily?
kit-. HRnnHARDT. tert meetins. 10c. S250
Ttteniv- second Bt.. bet. Valencia and Mission.
SJRS. FTOLtDARD'S stances continue to con-
v»rt hard headed ekeptlca. Ktc. 278 9tti.
TKf-'TS. SM~'j Market; 2-R, Wilson; 8, Jas. R.
l-ittle of Oakland, Mr. Cowan; 10c.
UB& CONNOLL. UK 6th St.— Circle erery
niffct; tests to all, I0>-: readings daily.
UR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
«-\onUig, Crystal JIall, Pythian Castle 90S
Market M..; ttubject. "Phrsloiogical Co-'ordi-
n_tion." follcwed by views of a visit to Paris
the beautiful; free tickets will be distributed
for X-Ray exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday
«-\ening; remember the question box; special
music
"NOW" lecture. Henry Harrlron Brown, eub-
rct "-radical Telepathy." The speaker will
tell the benefit of telepathy In conveying
nw-~ ages, avoiding accidents, and In absent
treatment for health; 8 p. ». sharp; mu;!c.
Memorial rial!. Odd Fellows' bulging, cor
£e*cst_ end Market ets.
<->. N. ORLOW lectures thia <Sun<!ay) evening
in Cold_ »Jate 'upper) Jlall. 629 Sutter St..
At K o cJoek; lh« t ubiect to be presented
*-?elft:atriv _nd Relne_mation." •
; ~iant» and vo-.al *>\oe. Admission free.
AHTJIUH MORROW LEWIS of London. En>r-
land will _;•,*> an recital from
American hunloristg at Odd Fellows' b_!'.d-
\r,z to-n'.ght at B. Admission 10c.
-UAM1 TR1GUNATITA will deliver his lec-
«ure on "The Manifested Energy of the
Spin! • to-night. 8 o'clock: ad. 26c 40
-teiner s-t.. Ve_nta Society.
rvoLUTION-Fsy^hc^cic Irr.prcssioa. Mosw
iUrm_n. <,"hlcato. Justire Hall. Pyth'an
; asile. _ '.HO p. ro.
rfSOGRXSnVB spiritualists t«-nl_ht Odd~F>T
!»-»• bullglng. Tth-SUrket: Mrsfn: S. ?lMlil'
ASTItOLOtivI "~"~~ ~
l.OSSX^UT Astor, famous New Tork eatro^oger-
man of ability: jidvic**, lessons/ nativltirs'
T'-twk «tcrc. lCOS j Market 1 st.
ilr*. . J. Francia. >*tro\p?lst; lessons; ru'te 10.
KuLel .Lasgham; readirss, hours 10-5,
BMPLOY5IEXT -\VA2V TEP— - ¦TOM IA LE.
A TRUSTWORTHY woman with city refer-
ences for waahins or housecleantn*. Si 25
and car fare. Bos 3077. Call.
WANTED — Situation aa companion to lnralld
or elderly person: references sivtn. B-j*
3071. Call office.
COMPETENT stenographer and typewriter: 9
years' experience: best references; salary
moderate. Box 274. Call offlce.
A YOUNO womaii wishes a- position In some
good rooming house as chambermaid. Ad-
dress 143Vi Fifth st. '
YOUNO lady wishes a few more engagements
for shampooing, manicurins and scalp treat-
ment. Phone «*app 3573.
SITUATION aa housekeeper, hotel or roomins-
houre. in or cut city. Housekeeper. _¦>.¦*
JCcarny st
' DRESSMAKER, experienced, good cutter and
fitter would like a few mere engagements
by the day; terms moderate. Box »-*. la. I.
POSITION by young lady aa assistant hook-
keeper and general offlce work; references.
Box 2C3. Call.
SITUATION wanted as companion to lady by
refined, educated young lady. Address box
205, Call offlce.
YOUNG girl (14) would like place to WM
in genera 1 housework, in private family, la-
quire o28!i Tenth st.
FIRST-CLAS3 lady stenographer of _ several
years' experience desires position. Box *s.,
Call offlce.
A NEAT, reliable woman wlshea a situation to
do general housework. Call Monday. 478 LJa-
den ave. m
EXPERIENCED lady desires to change posi-
tion ; cityr^fere^ce^^Jtiojt_J1004»__£aaL_____
WANTED — A position as housekeeper, city or
country- Bo* -SI. Call office.
A RESPECTABLE woman wants work br — •
day. Box _T3. t Call offlce. -
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the.
day; $2 a day and union hours. Bex 232. Call.
WOMAN with a child would like place _»
housekeeper. Box 3C3. Call office.
POSITION as companion to lady going 1 E_t.
Address Ccm panlor. 313 Golden Oat» are.
WOMAN wants to do general houaework. 41»
1 Harrison st.
A LADY, first-class cook, wants position by
the day. 114S Mission st. j <
YOUNG girl, good cook, wants position; wir«
. $35 to $40. Call 814 Eddy at.. Monday 9 ta 2.
A FINE laundress wishes laundering- to ta_»
home. Box 707. Call offlce. •
A LADY pianist wishes position; city or ccua-
try. Address 830 Mission St.
YOUNG woman wishes housecleanlng: $1 60
per day: reference. 763 McAllister st.
! WANTED- Day work; washtns or aweepl-f.
Call 230 Hickory » ve -
GERMAN superior cook. Eastern refereneea.
all kinds of cooking, wishes situation. See
J. F. CROSETT _• CO.. 334 Sutter at.
DESIGNER, cutter and fitter. Just arrt-»4
from Mow York, desires position in dress-
making department in a flrst-claaa hous»:
would like where there Is advancement aa
buyer and manager. Eox C0G1. Call offlce.
GOVERNESS wishes position: thorough, expe-
rienced teacher and musician: piano, ¦•ole*
culture. German. English branches, litera-
ture; terms $::•: ,references: country pre-
ferred. Vox ."B54. Call office.
TOUNO girl would like a position as nurs«.
Box "084. Call offlce. ¦
YOUNG ladr wants house cleaning or offlc«,
$1 50. 910 Howard St.. room 1. •
GIRL wishes to do second work. Call at 254
I Langton st. . '
AN experienced housekeeper In all Its branches,
a good dressmaker, wants situation in Ala-
meda or Oakl-ind; wages $20. 1203 Vi Golden
Gate ave.. city. .
A HOUSEKEEPER wants situation to elderlr
cur-le or Invalid: willing to go south; respect-
able ar.'l highest references. Address box
30!>5. Call office^
WANTED by a youns woman with child 1 year
• Id. position Ir, family: wages no object;
country preferred. 2S2S Twenty-fourth at.
A LADY would lik» a position to take care of
children by the hour or day. MRS. K- JO-
SEPH I NE_lM_E|ghth_st.
FRENCH girl wishes a situation to do second
work Apply 423 Sutter st.
! DANISH girl wants situation as second girl
in private family. Address 100» Ha.-r.?-
shire St.. city: call bet. 1 and 3.
TOUNO Eastern girl wishes position to d»
second work with Catholic family; goo*
wages required. Box .".0:»T. Call.
YOUNO French girl would like situation In
private family to take care of children and
do sewinr. 1604 Point Lobos ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS. subscTtpfl— s received at
Call Branch Offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYME.NT WASTED— •MAUS.
A FIRST-CLASS butler, with good references
wishes situation; also a competent butler, i
years 1— st place, and a German gardener,
with best certificates. At ANDRETS. S17
Stockton St.; phone Main 1304.
POSITION wanted by practical electrician; 9
years' experience rewinding, alternating and
direct current apparatus, installing switch-
boards and high tension apparatus; experi-
enced in mining plants; will go any— here;
best of references^ Box 439. Call office.
CHEMIST manufacturing extracts, trruya.
medicines, sauces, inks and all grocers' and
confectioners' sundries) desires position: hav*
had more than 13 years' experience. Address
box 207, Call. • j
A YOUNG man with the. best' of references and
thoroughly acquainted with the trmde wants '
to sell a line of fancy or furnishing soodat
salary or commission. Box 3072. .Call.
A RESPONSIBLE position In an office br *
young man; trustworthy and reliable; abl«
to operate Smith typewriter; ua deratanda
bookkeeping. Box 3023. Call.
POSITION wanted — A reliable married, man:
understands care of horses, carriages • ana
harness and can milk; wife good cook and
laundress; references. S. D.. 77 Ninth at.
STRICTLY temperate reliable man wants em-
ployment as collector or light outside work;
¦ salary moderate: win glre bond U required.
Bex 834. Call offlce. Oakland.
RELIABLE coachman wishes a position; thor-
oughly understands care of horses, carrta*— ••
and harness: general man around placs; rood
reference. W. P.. 77 Ninth st.
COMPETENT bookkeeper deatrea permanent
position: all-round offlce experience: modar- ,
ate salary; references. Box 895. Call «_oaw
Oakland.
RESPECTABLE young man. sober and reliable,
wishes position In first-class house to learn
bartending; city or country. Address E.. box
SfieS. Call.
STABLEMAN wants position: Is a middl*-
aged single man: thoroughly understands car*
of horses and rlss: best city references. Ad-
dress F. W.. 620 Commercial st.
EXPERIENCED young man wlshea position
as clerk In grocery: can give good reference
- from place last employed. Box 30R5, Call.
AN Eastern steward and cook; wife second or
waitress: big m'inin_ or timber camp: best
references. J. RAYBORN. 212" Second at.
A YOUNG, strong man willing to work wishes
a position: can furnish th« best city refar-
er.ccj. Arldresa box DOGS. Call office.
MAN". aeM 20. strong, wants work: stranger ts
ci»y. moderate wages to start with; good ref-
erences. Address box 277. Call.
YOUNO man (German) wants position tn coun-
try; can ke»'> books or can make himself uss-
ful b?hlnd the bar. Box 279. Call.
AN o'rl. sober German carpent?r wants work
about place for good home: small wages. Ad-
| dress Home, box OOSG. Call.
MARRIED, sober, reliable man wishes posi-
tion as stableman or in winery: steady Job
preferred. Address box 2S2. Call.
1 GENTLEMAN of ability desireit position as
master mechanic; excellent references. Box
317. Call ofnee.
1 '
MAN to Uriv» team, wife to cook for a tan
: n;cn in ccuntry. Call or address MR. E. R.,
r.5" Mission st.
HATS — Wanted a cood position by. an exp»-
Tienceii mao: agf H_; exceptional references.
Box L"S«. C?»ll office.
YOUNG man. 23. desires to learn barteadlT-.s:
b»st cr reference; soma experiencs. Box
3CC0. Call.
YOUNG man. 2J years, wants position in
sprits' furnishing line. Address A. R.. 7Ct
Geary st. v
AN up-to-date furnishing goods Iran wants,
position In ctty or country: can furnish best
of reference. Box CyS, Call offUe.
DnUU.S— Intelligent ycung mrn. 1 year's *x-
perier.rfv deslrea position In drug store. Box
;»23. Call.
WANTED — A stradv place on ranch by string
boy. IG: <r < n milte; willing tij work: 'utat*
»a?os. Aitrircrs S. A. I'ORKT. ."! tjhlpley *t.
JAPANESE, faithful and bright." d*-tr<vThoui*-
work In ir^<l family. A. S.. room 10. Avan-
t fe». IV) Ellla xt.
JAPANESE neat ycun:- schoolboy d»s!r«* v^>-
sttlon In private famllv: can sneak an-i
write good English: NISHTO. 1327 rtna ~-
I IttSIXESS CHANCES — Contlnwert.
j R. G. WILKE. real estate and business agen-
cy; established 15 year*; quick sales. Rooms
j 0 and lo. 2O'.-i Kearny.
i A— $1600— Rarest chance In the market: cof-
I ' fee Falcon and restaurant: choicest locatton;
; daily receipts about ?CO: net pro3ts above
\ j::00 per month; a fine business: investigate
I »=oon; trial given. R. G. WILKE, -"654
! Kearny *t.
j A— $1250— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
I store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
I large stock: cl;ars at least S'"At per month;
; full valu» In sight; n splendid offer. CaJl
j K. G. WILKE. 20 '/ 3 Kearny et. ¦
{ A— $750 — SALOON on Commercial st. : rent
i $'M. See R. G. WILKIE, 26V, Kearny st.
I A— ?.*>()0— SALOON and boarding-house on
i :nain st.; 12 furnished rooms: established
! yr;-.rs. See R. G. WlLKjS, ll&Vj Ktarny st.
1 A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
i rooms; bathroom, barn. I i:art. 1 electric
I piano; 10 years' Jeas?; rent $4:$: price j:iOtX>; (.
business very good: that is all. For particu- <
lars Fee R. G. WILKE, 20"i Kearny ft. 1
; A— $1500— BUTCHER shop in Western Addi- I
I tion: rent $40; weekly sale nbout 4 steers, j
[ 2."> sheep; 1 horse. 1 \va','cn: dally receipt*
1 about |40. See R. G. WILKE, 2CVi Kearny. J
j A—fl7W) — CORNER grocery and bar on i
¦ Guerrero St.; lease; a good paying business;
1 fresh rtock; all cash trade. Particulars R.
, G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny st.
i A— ?1400— CORNER grocery and Uir on De-
! visadero st. ; owner has a fine paying busl- 1
n»s.=, but family affairs compeis him to j
leave fcr East. See R. G. WILKE, 26& I
i Kearny st. / •
j A — $550 — CICSAr:, candy and notion store on j
j McAllister St.: rent ?25; a nice payjng busi- j
ness for man and wife. Call and I will show
you the place. R. G. WILKE, 20^i Kearny.
1 ¦ ¦
J A— 5600— DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission st. ; splendid
! chance lor man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE, 28% Kearny.
! FOR country hotels, saloons, clsar, notion
stores, butcher rhops or any kind of business,
see R. G. WILKE. 2S'i Kearny St.
FOR sale — One of ths very be t *nd most pros-
perous, contracting businesscL In San Fran- |
cfsco: established 27 years; has for custom- '
: ers the very largest estates, business houses
and a long list of others; present owners i
want to retire, but v.-ill stay with the new |
firm 3 months or more until duties are
learned and customers acquainted; can prove
that over ?2000 clear profit has been made in
the last Fix months; a good chance for two
• fnt.erprlsing men to make a fortune; will
be sold for loss than what it will pay In ;
one year. Addreys bor 8093. Call office. I
; A— 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
: rirh-qulck" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
j b'.Ing scheme, but a reputable, established !
I business enterprise In San Francisco; cleared !
I $C7.0W last >ear on $100,000 capital; stock j
J increased $20, 0W) to enlarge the plant; call !
I or write fcr particulars. ',
j GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st. !
I A— $22C0— CORNER grocery; situated in best !
pomen of Oakland: value In stock, all sal-
; able and first class; strictly ca.«h business;
: best class nt trade: rent $27; 4 living rooms ¦
and bath: Ions l^ase; thorough investigation
invited: owner has other business needing
personal attention: Al horse and wagon. AL- I
UKN & CO.. Ills Broadway. Oakland. J
A — $1200: hotel, bar and restaurant; main st. I
in booming country town near city; 120 steady J
boarders. Call Eureka Realty Co., 710 Mrkt. :
LIVERY and boardlns stable In a first-cla*s |
location, doing a pood business, with steady
customers yar round; two first-class hack?,
one almost new. rubber-tired, in splendid
condition; 24 young horses; vehicles of all
kinds; rrnt ?45 month: price $3250. MA-
R1OX GKIFFIN. room 406 Examiner bldg.
CALL and pee the list of lodgingr-houses from
6 to 2t>O rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road- I
ho-jses. saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery
stables bought and sold and exchanged; I
money loaned on chattels; millinery store to
exchange. EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny.
j THE Storey Cotton Company is the pioneer
and only corooratlon offering the public
I every facility fnr obtaining the largest regu-
: lar profits which can be safely made by con-
aenratlve trading in Cotton, which now pre-
j^nts the best features and most activity of
all the cornmoUiti'.s bousht and sold in the
market? of the world. »
Immense fortunes are ncinr mad« and
lost by '¦ncculatlon in cotton. The Storey I
Cotton Company, Jiowcver, never speculates; j
therefore it never loses: but It does buy and j
fit 11 cotton from a purely investment stand- j
point: consequently It earns largo profits
continuously and always eafely, month in 1
and month out. year after year, which [
profits are divided monthly with all its cus- .
tomcrs on tho most approved profit-sharing j
plan nor. In vosrue.
Any investor, large or -mall, may become
a customer at any time, and thereafter re-,
crlve regularly the Iar?e monthly profits
earned with capital deposited to his credit.
J His invested capital and accrued profit* al-
' way* being repaid in full subject to his order.
Sent Free on Request —
"AI! About Cotton," revised to 1004.
"Hears Investigating."
"The Test of Time" and "Sworn Truths."
"Cotton As An Investment."
'•The Cotton <*!iart Book."
THE STOREY COTTON' CO., Inc.,
Tho Itourte, Philadelphia. Pa.
11 Broadway. New York, N. Y. j
j Kxchanro Huildincs. Liverpool, England. !
j Corre.'pondonc" Invited and promptly answered. I
J CORPORATION controlling business estab-
\ llshed I8U5 desires energetic business man
v.-ith unquestionable reference as to ability
and integrity to manage branch offlce; com- j
. j>ensation $2500 p«r annum. Address Aud- '
itors. box r»3t>, Madison, Wis. " t j
I STOCK OR BOND ISSUE
; of reputable .corporation, mining or Indus-
trial, wanted. Have evesy facility for sell-
ing sarae on commission; cive particulars.
P. O. box 14C3, New York City.
! GO into th<» mail-order business. We start
you: full particulars and sample for stamp.
American Special Agency, . Milwaukee, Wis.
j WANTED— Either whole or half interest In a
corner grocery and bar in a good business
I location. Send price and location to box
I 322, Cail office.
I HAVE $1000 that I will Invest, with iny
Berviccs, in a good-paying business; either
buy «he whole or hair. Please address, with
particulars, box 354, Call offlce.
I WOULD like to buy a cigar stand in a good
: part of the city for business; give price and
i what part of city It is in. Address box 343,
i Call office.
j IF you are looking for a restaurant, see mine-
it is in a good business location *>n Taylor
Bt.-. rent reasonable and a good trade. Box
."04, Call offlce.
ADVERTISER wants to meet party with $1000-
will demonstrate at personal interview how
$3000 can be Qrtide In next ten days. Ad-
dress box 270, Call offlce,
A DELICATESSEN store on Turk 8 t. ; good
locality and good growing business'; will sell
If taken at once for $450. Address' box 378
Call office. 1
I WOULD like to locate in the <lty in a good
stationery or book store nnd newsstand- will
pay cash. Write particulars to box 350,'Call.
$350— A RESTAURANT in good locality on
Sixth »t. ; large seating capacity: reasonable
rent; lease. Inquire box 381, Call offlce.
U. S. PATENT; practically tested: splendid op-
portunity for profitable business; moderate
capital required. Box 205, Call offlce.
$3500 FOR a first-class milk business In Ala-
m«da County. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 4C6
Tcntlv St.. Oakland. Cal.
PARTXER^Si-lth some ready money to assist
experienced promoter In blr deal now on
Box 2S4. Call office.
w ANTEp— Partner In good business; pays $100
to 51o0 per month; 4 hours' work per day*
half interest, $300. Box 271. Call offlce.
PARTNER wanted— A young graduate dentist
from the East wishes a dentist with small
..capital to open up offices; good chancerBox
3232. Call offlce.
A PARTNER with $C0O cash can clear $1400
in 3 months ; a .new proposition to catch
auckers who waju something for nothing-
best of referencea given. Box 2729, v Call.
-A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opeped at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth.- Open until 11 p. m.
WANTED— A delicatessen store In business lo-
cation. Address, — ith price and particulars.
box 371, Call offlce. '
LARGEST, richest, safest work extant' for
man with little or large money to extend
business. Box 326. Call.
$200— ESTA BLUSHED office "business; "must be
sold; owner leaving city. INGRAM, 759
Market st.
$450— FIRST-CLASS saloon; central location;
cheap; account health. Address box 892, Call
offlce. Oakland.
j BRANCH BAKERY — Doing good business;
. , particulars at »00 Dolcres st., cor. . 22d. I
HOME bakery, candy, notions; nice furnished
1 rooms; make offer; {rood trade. 8 Mason et.
SHOE store. 12 years* standing, for sale cheap;
good repairing trade.- Box 3217.. Call office.
• I WILL buy a ealoon if In a good location for
• business. Addrees, with price, box 334, Call.
DELICATESSEN store for sale; goodTbusinesT
I Box 3d. call offlce.
: WANTED— To buy a restaurant. Address bor
387. -.Call offlce. .
• $600— RESTAURANT on Larkin' st.; low rent
Box 349. Call office. '
Ji??.*? 1 *** HOUSES FOR SALE-— Con.
. ¦ .-. ~ — — .
MARION GRIFFIN.
4C6 Examiner bldg., cor. Market and 3d»sts.
Fine front offices, dnrectly over entrance.
Take elevator to 4th floor. Phone Black
3O)7. Title abstract free with each and every
*a!e. We do business strictly according to
law.
MAGNIFICENTLY furnished 100-room apart-
ment bouse, In excellent downtown location:
long lease at $5 50 per room; clears $404
month.
DEATH causes sale of 00-rcom corner hotel;
S25C0; half cash; furniture cost $3500.
OWNER being: In hospital this 17-room house
must be sold or exchanged for flat; 2-year
lease; clears $95 per month.
REDUCKD to 51100. was $1100: sunny side; 20
big rooms; rent $75; clears $Sl month; lady
sick In bed; compelled to sacrifice.
XEW and modern; 74 rooms, beautifully fur-
nished in birdseye maple, mahogany and
weathered oak; carpet* are velvet, Axminster
and body Brussels: clears ?243; 5-year lease.
SPLENDID 30-room corner rooming-house on
Sutter st.; clears $14« per month; all fine
oak furniture and rich, heavy carpetsf lease
If desired; eminently respectable; well estab-
lished: worth $3700; will sell. for $3000.
MARION GPJFFIN Is sole agent for this n?w,
SWELL (U-room house; 5-year lease; sunny
corner; books show $305 monthly profit.
t / ¦'
CUT this out; great bargain; 15-room transient
house, near Market; a rapid money maker;
you'd better come and Investigate.
HIGH-CLASS aristocratic private hotel In fine
location; 6 blocks north of Market; 65 rooms;
all occupied by selected boarders; clears $453.
AN honest 21-room house, near the Chronicle;
rent $100; clears $90 month; easy terms.
ANY reasonable offer will be accepted: 2D
rooms: south of Market; think of the rent,
only ?«0; then think of the Income,' $180.
ILL HEALTH^, caused owner of a 16-room
house to leave city; all housekeeping; rent
$30; clears $50; price reduced to $750; It's
a gift.
NEW in 1D04; 9 rooms; near the Emporium;
rent $18; income $53; price $323; only $200
down. •
1.— ATTENTION! Read these 12 linen:
-• — The owner ot a largo transient house
3. — In the center of San Francisco.
; 4. — Has been suddenly called to
•">. — The deathbed of his sister,
0. — In another State
7.— And has authorized MARION GRIFFIN
X.— To gell the house.
9. — The manager In charge of said house
10. — Keeps careful book accounts. . .
11. — Which show $3Q0- monthly proflf.'
1-. — A thorough investigation is solicited.
BEST hotel proposition- In thia city;. 83 rooms; .
sunny; large dining-room; rent only $234 !
month: always full of steady boarders: ¦
profit never less than $200 month; dissolution 1
of partnership only reason: price $7000; well
worth $10,000. MARION GRIFFIN room
406. Examiner bldg.
C. K. HINKLEY, ' PHONE MINT 796.
1020 Market St., Opp. Fifth st.
Former patrons my best references.
Reliable dealing. , Easy terms. Clear titles.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
12 rooms; California St.; rent $.">•; a snap.$75i»
.'{I rooms; Fourth and Market sts.: a gift.$lW><> \
H> rooms: Geary St.; clears $40; rent $28.. $500
24 rooms; Leavrnworth st.: speculation.SlfWO
10 rooms; Buah St.; rent $37 50; only... $450
• 32 rooms: Market St.; fl years' Iea3e $2500 1
1<". rooms; hoarding; offer wanted *i>00 !
.17 rooms: rent $15: clears $G<> $650'
100 rccms; grand sunny corner S70CO !
4D rooms: Van Xrss ave.; worth $3000. .$1800 I
» rooms; cheerful and homelike $17."» ,
IS rooms; U unfurnished: rent $45 $30O j
::."> rooms; transient; lease $1500 j
_(> rooms; Ifase; electric lights SfiSO
S rooms; Post st.: rent $32: only $250
SNAP—!) roomsr nicely furnished: rent $40; \
a t;lft at $175. HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET.
OPPORTUNITY— SO rooms; newly furnished
rooms; lease: will exchange for ranch or
business of any kind. HINKLEY. 1020 Mar- !
ket Bt. j
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO. '
Phone Black 6901. 777^ Market st. !
BANK REFERENCES. ¦
Any House Sold on Kasy Term*. *
BUYERS' GUIDB; Bring This Ad With You. !
SOME OF OUR SPECIAL BARGAINS. I
K rooms; wfll furnished; lease; rent $S..$30O l
K rooms: well furnished: rent $17 50. ..$300 t
•i-room flat; fine; rent $20 W> $350 .
11 room?; Fourth Et.: rent $30 ?5<«» <
14 rooms; fine loc. and furniture: ?60O cash,
balance terms: den't fall to see this.
14 rooms; furnished grand; Van Ness ave.;
$COO cas'i. balajice easy terms.
8 rooms: Eddy fit.: nicely furnished; large j
yards; barealn for $425.
fi3 rooms: nicely furnished: grand \or.: i
l<?as?; low rent; clears $3C0 month; $5000 ]
cash, balance easy terms; old-establish«l j
hous<". California Investment Co.. 777'i '¦
Market st.
A— KREDO &. CO. i
Phono Black «S72. 765 Market st. 1
35 rs.: cor.; transient house: rent $125.. $1^00 j
53 rs.; Mission et.: clears $150 month.. 20OO •
21 rs.; Coary, cor.: new: bargain for.. .1000
1ft rs. ; cor. Post; clears $100. .'. 170n •
- 21 rs.; Mission: now: bargain 120i> 1
10 rs. : Jones; rent S55; cheap t'50
Others not advertised. Mcney loaned. ; j
GRAND bargain— B.-.arding-house. 2C rooms,
excellent location: good furniture; lease with j
lovr ront; forced to eell, owinj to illness. Box |
204, Call of life.
LODGING-HOUSE. 38 rooms, in a good loca- )
tion on Powell st.. paying me a clear profit j
of $120 per month: house full; reasonable I
rent: look at this; I will s?ll low. as I must i
leave the city. Box 2728, Call offlce. ' ;
FOR SALE — A BOARDING-HO'JSE: MEDIUM j
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA- (
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE:
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2S56.
2 CALL OFFICE.
$12.~>0 — GOOD corner house of 15 rooms; north |
of Market: good location. Mason st.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale; clean; well fur-
nished. 2O7 Turk st. ¦ |
Lodging-houses to let. j
EXCEPTIONAL opportunity fcr cheap Iod3- !
• ings. CT,S-eiS Commercial st. ; upstairs. )
SPIH1TUALIS31.
MRS. Dlt. MARTIN, one of the greatest spir-
itual healers in the universe; a business me-
dium; mining a specialty; advice on invest- j
menu, all business propositions; I guarantee I
to make charms that will bring husband and !
wife together; I guarantee success with my i
magnet; my readings by mail are most satis- "
factory; inclose scli'-addreesed envelope: •
readings daily 0 a. m. to 5 p. m., $1 and up; 1
developing class Thursday 8 p. m. 502 Eddy.
MRS. DR. E. SANDERS, 118 Post st. — World's
greatest medium; business sittings dally; !
mental suggestion and new thought taught;
Sunday by appointment. Telephone Red ot»41.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
wrltlng nnd clairvoyance; stamp for circular
1112 Eddy »t.. nr. Oi-tavia: phone Soott 837.
A— MRt'. CRINDLE. materializing seance Sun- I
. day eve., 8 o'clock; 50c. 328 Ellis st. • j
KATIE IJEUSSMANN'S' circle Friday~e\~i
25c: git, daily, low Harrison; tel. Mint 037.
MRS. LESTER, teat and busirie*s medium;
circle to-nlcht. 10c; readings daily. 112 6th.
EDWARD KARLK. 1OT.2 RI1I-. r»a<iin-» dally.
9:30 to 4. seance* Funday and Thursday.
C. V, MILLER'S materialising seance to-night, i
S o'clock."^!. lCSl-Bush st. , •
A GRAND materializing, seance Sundav, 2 i
O'clock; 50c. 32S Ellla st. 1
CLAIRVOYANTS. * ¦
A— ' Call at Once and Save $2. ;
My Regular «S Heading This Week for
$1 $1 ?t 51 $1 tl $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
; The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
. Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no char.e If I fall t* tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for: I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife of sweetheart is
true or false; tell you who and whtn you will
marry, in fact, I will tell you every hepe, fear
or ambition better than you can telj yourself;
he' restorea lost affections, reunites the separat-
ed, causes' speedy and happy marriage; makes
you successful and prosperous; cures disease
and lost vitality; 10 a.m. to S p.m.: S_n.._ to (j.
I. 320 O'Farrell st. — 328.
L-I-V-O-R-N-O '. • -¦•¦• '¦
1 4 L-I-V-O-R-N-O
The World Renowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer.
34 .IOarny st.'. over Hammersmith & Field'a.
! tt-TSee portrait of MME. LIVORNO and orig-
| inul testimonials from distinguished people at
, entrance: :: questions by mail $1; send month
¦ and year of birth. ' ' •- "
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant ind
palmist, permanently located at 1101 Market I
~ St.. cor.; Turk; iirlvate readings daily. 10 a. \
m.'.to B p. m. ; readings by mall as 'satisfac-
tory us In person: ."questions answered. $1:
full life,' $5: send lock of hair.' dale' of year
. of birlh; don't *?nd currency; send postofflce,
W-lls-Farso money order or reglsjered letter.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBeITg. . pafmfst~lalr-
voyant, card reader: when others fail try me;
¦ good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MRS.'.VIENA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader: three questions answered free.
Room 1, 1W Ueary st.., near Mason . .
• MEETING NOTICKS. ;
i CROCKET Lo£k» No. I39, I", and A. O j
M.— Officers aod members arc re- *W*f ;
qtipsfed to assemble at.Masonto Ten:- f^f\ ¦
r'-c. Sunday. Jan. IO nt 11:30 -n. ra. . j
pherj.. • for the purpos* cf conducting live :
rumral of our dc.-cased brother. WILLIAM I
CHRISTIAN LEHCKE. By orior of W. M. .
P. H. McPHERiON'^ bgC.iV !
.M.TA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.— ->£&SS£« V I
Initiation MONDAY. January 11 j
Ail members an> requited to at- "^^htIjeS?
tend. Visitors welcome. '' i - t:r VT I
«• A. EDWARDS. N <*. ,
H. T. PETEP.5EX. Recording SacretaVry,
i "A MANS * man for a' that."— A £&* }
grand ce>b»atlcn In honor of th» feSfiy '¦¦
113th ann/eretry or the birth of ¦¦
Scutlar.O's poet ROBERT BURNS, I
will be tel<1 tlnri»r the au-pioe* ot -/vV •
«':an Fr*ser. Order of Scottish A
\ flan* la Native sens' Hall. Mason Ft., near]
Geary, on TUESDAY EVENING. Jan. 20. |
l;i04. Full particulars will b? announced 1
nex«. week. Admission 5Cc.
T.tA. ilL'NRO. Chief. ;
ALEX. KING. Secretary.
CAXMAKERf" LCCSl 249 and Auxiliaries Nos.
1 and 2 will hold a aped*} meeting SUNDAY, j
I January 10. l'JOl. at 2 p. m.ct Alcaxaf build- ,
in;? a? business of iK5portar.ee •fill be trans- j
sc.cd. By cr.ler cf «. SAVAGE. President. !
i TIIK annual meeting cf the A-s;ciation of j
th«» Hosoltal fcr Children end TralnstiR 1
School for Xurtrs v.Ul lie held at thj DOS" t
pital. .TOO California stret on TIIL'RS- j
DAT. Janaary H, MUM. r\. !:"•> p. rn. ,
A SPECIAL meeting: o' Denmark Branch No. \
2 of Dania will be held MONDAY. January j
11. pt 7. o'clock p. m.. at Pythian C.'.stle. '.):>:' I
llarii't St., for th? isirporr of pa-sing on ]
reports. A. RASMUSSSN. President.
I STOCKHOLDERS'' MEETING f Annual)— To !
the Stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship j
1 Company— Please take notice that Ihe an- |
1 rval meeting cf the stockholders of the- J
Oceanic Steamship Company will be held nt 1
the principal of:ice of the company (|. e.. |
227 Market *'.. room 4. second floor). In <
tho city ar.3 countj- of Pan Frarclsco, State ;
of OaMferr.la on THURSDAY. »fc« 21st day .
of January. A. D. 1H04. at 11 o'clock a. in.. [
for the pmjioae of elective directors and for ;
the -transaction of su?h other business as
tr.ay r'°r >erl y come before the meeting. The
Flock transfer boo'^s cf the company will be
dosed t?n (10) days prior to said day of:
meeting. By order of the Board of Directors, j
II W. THOMAS. Secretary Oceanic Steam-
»h;it" Company. Z"~ Market «t., San Fran-
cisco. Ca! ;
j ANNUAL m-etirtjr — The regular annual meet- j
•¦ ir.jr of thi Ftovjihcldcrs of the Pajaro Valley I
Cor.solidatrd Railroad Company will be held j
at the orflce of the comcany, 327 Market. |
street. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 18th :
<-:ay of January, 1904, at the hour of 11 j
n'clork a. m.. for the purpose of electing a ;
board of directors to terve for the rnsulncr '
year and for the transaction of such ctiier
; i.uyinpw! as may come before the meeting. 1
The transfer books of the company will close j
cn Friday. Januarv IS, 1W4. at 3 p. m.
* W. H. HANNAM, Secretary. !
i ANNUAL Meeting— The annual meeting pf the
ftovkhclders of the Spring- Valley «T>Vater j
Company will be hold at the offlce of the j
rempany. No. 126 Stockton -t.. at 12 o'clock
nocn. ca WEDNESDAY, the 13th day of
January. 1904. for the election of directors j
to *erve for the ensuing year, and for tht
transaction of such other business as may
ccme before the meetlnc.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
Fen Francisco. California. December 30.
1003.
f _____^ — — — —
TDK annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada Nstional Bank cf San F.-aa-
elcco, Cal.. will be held at its ' banking
hcuse, Sl'l Montgomery street. San Fran-
cUco. Cal.. cn Tuesday, January 12, 1904,
at 8:1& p. m.. it- the election of dlrvtora
to terve dartre the ensuing year, and for
the tranractlon of such ether business aa
may come betora the meeting.
GEORGE GRANT. Sec
Ptn Franclfco. Dec. 12. 1003.
THE California D«brls Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
. cess from E. C. Robinson, In Slug Gulch
placer mine, near Fairplay. El Dorado Coun-
ty, California, draining into Middle Fork 1
Co»umnes River, gives notice that meeting |
will be held at rcom 96. Flood building. San j
Krancieco,' Cal., January IS, 1904, at 1 :30 |
P. m.
ADOPTION.
IIANDPOMR baby boy and girl for adoption
DR. FU.NKK. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
AGENTS WANTED.
$.V* WEEKLY and expense?; sample free;
greatest money-making Invention of the age;
automat!'- washer; deee a waxhlng in SO
minutes without labor or attention ; cheaper
than any ether: indestructible; everybody
buys; .icents coining money; thounn.nds of j
testimonial*. Automatic Washer Co., Sta- !
tlfji \'. Chicago.
WANTED — Agent* to sell solendid article to
housekeepers: hII want it; one acent made i
$Kf> in ten davs in October; only reliable. I
Industrious agents need apply: new article;
rraiiy F«»l]pr: his commi?.s!cns. Address i
Jl'BILEE IKON CO., Omaha, Nebr., 150X I
AGKNTS wanted everywhere to handle "Xov- j
pity Hi^n CarJs": every merchant buys from )
It} to K-0 '<n Fight; 600 variPtloy; catalogue '¦
free. SULLIVAN CO., 1109 Maplewood ave,
fhicago. 111.
j RI'GIN l)-jsin«y9 for yourself; stop working for j
Ptbera: w sta't you In profitab'e mail-order I
busTneas liome: immens? profit?. Address I
Krankltn-Howard Co.. Denver. Colo. :
— — i
AGENTS — An agency fcr a preposition that Is 1
a decided Improvement on building and loan [
is worth having. Great Wcrtc-rn Improve- !
mcr.t Company, Parrolt building. j
AGENTS everywhere can make $7 'per day up j
in spar? time: more by steady work. UED- I
DIN. 72C Starr King bldg. j
$"55 A WEEK and oxp^nses to men to eell our
. poultry roods. Orwon Co., D?pt. D.. Par-
5oris. Kans.
j . I
I WOMEN and men solicitors wanted. Apply to !
Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co., 28 California
St., 1 to 5.
AGENTS v.-anted to sell latest Invention! Call
Monday, 9-10 a. m.. et room I, 75 Third st. '
SOLICITORS, either sex, on liberal salary.
Hotel Francisco, cor. Turk and Taylor, r. A. I
AGENTS of bot'n sexes for big ioney. Call on
WM PCHARERT. 27C3 Harrison ' et.
WRXTUfQ.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships In the best
College of Advertising in the United States,
I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for '
cssh: the college teaches advertisement writ- j
ing by correspondence and assists Its grad- I
uates to secure positions: catalogues fur-
nlslied on application. Address box "026. Call.
__________ „
WAHBLJNG canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of song and fancy birds; goldfish, seeds,
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will pleass
you. 1S4B Market st. .
BOARDING FOR CHILUiHK.V.
A GERMAN lady would like to board one or
two children; a good home. 31C Prospect ave.
LITTLE girl to board; good home. 2214 Lar-
kin st.
ATTO^SBYS-AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNER.
> ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Aflvic* free. Phono South 743.
Eulte 822. Emma Epreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes;' damages secured for Injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
ments for debts: bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made In all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See roe and save money; no pay In advance.
O. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
; Established 22 yrs.: rms. 1. 2 3. 4 £ 5. 1st fl.
, 1122 Market *t.. between Mason and Taylor.
. Advice free, all matters. Detectives- employed
; R. W. KINO. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bid*..
Cth flocr. entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases; central court and office
practice; no fee In advance or for conauita-
tion: evenlnga by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
. CEO. W. AVERILL: advice given In all cases;
I divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
«ults a specialty; practice In both State and
Federal courts. Room 4C5. 4th floor. Pirrott
bldg.. S55 Market St.; phone Howard. 2S61.
! ADVICE free— I will advance cost In merltorl-
; ( ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees In advance; open every evca-
lag. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.. r. ai,
ADVICK FRE_~
: Columbian Law nnd Collection Agency
Room S5. 91C Market' st.: tel. John 622«.
'I DIVORCE costs $12; open cven!n E a I tenants
1 1 ejected. K. 916 Market. r.62;phoae ifiack 631.
; DIVORCE — Costs.: $12; quick, quiet; advice
• j free; op«-n evenings. 827 Market St.. r. 301.
; ADVICE free': no charge unless successful: ail i
> ' law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market. !
j L. 3. CLARK. 827 Market st.; consultation '
I free: nt. fees in advance: open e^nlngs.
' j~~ BUSINESS CHANCES.
. I HAVE Just what you want In the line of busi-
ness chances; see me for bargains. ANDEU-
I' KON, Auctioneer, room 26.' 806 Market St.;
) phone Main 1SS2; correspondence solicited.
j WANTED — One cr more parties to buy steam
and water pawer rhake mill; $1200; owner
suddenly called Es«t. Address C. H., box
! _______________________
WANTED— An opening Iff California for regu-
1 Ur phj-aician; best referencea. Box 30 12, Call.
DUSjIXESS CHAXCES — Continned^
FOR tale— Beautiful and picturesque health
• and summer resort; 1! hours' ride from Han
Francisco: 20 minutes' ride from depot: has 20
acres land, set with all kinds fruits, flowers:
beautiful groves; hotel, with cottage
at -1 rooms, all furnish?d; neceseary outbuild- |
ings, dance pavilion, bar. bathhouses, lake ,
for rowing; raises own vegetables, poultry ¦
ard hay; 2 horses, buggies, bus. Jersey cow
and cclf. chickens, bar fixtures, billiard table,
new upright piano: « years' lease at $500 psr
. year, can 'get longer: fine mineral springs;
will cure many diseases: mci.ey in everything
cn place; round trip Sundays. $1 50 from S. |
I*.: death cause of sale; price $--'250. CAM- 1
ERON. 3 Eddy st. '
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for r'm'g house or business. Cameron, .'{ Eddy.
FOR Eale— Well -located candy store: all equip-
ped for making own candies: established 8
years: clearing over $200 per month: will in-
volce about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
HIGHEST cash price paid for stocks of m«r-
chandlge. See A. CAMERON' & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR trade — Income-bearing city property for I
stocks of merchandise; any amount. CAM- 1
ERON & CO. j
FOR salt — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to J1C0 per day; wi'.t
bfar Investigation; prloe $1500: also one in
good location for $350. CAMERON' & CO.,
•'I Eddy st.
FOR reasons that will be made apparent to an
actuaj purchaser, we have had placed in our
hands for sale the best paying business in
Alameda County at* a price wherein the
purchaser can easily realize an advance of
40 per cent on the investment inside of 120
days. Investment Is also absolutely secured
by realty. Apply at once.
W. K. CONGER & CO.,
1501 -Park st.,
Alameda.
A SNAP — Less than Invoice, complete hard-
ware store: stock Invoice about S200O: fix-
tures valued at $1500; National cash register.
Ha 11, safe, plate glass uftowcases, etc.; will
sell complete for $1500. A. L. KHE1SS, 10012
Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — Men everywhere who shave to
send for trial packages Razorless Shaving
rowder; harmless: good for 2 shaves: no
razor required; 15 cents prepaid. Address
suite B, Hudson Process Co., 2S03 Market
st., Sarr Francisco. Ca!.
HAVE $3u<); want active man with like amount
to Jolnme in establishing legitimate business;
will clear each $150 monthly; money amply J
secured. 18 Montgomery st., suite 8. j
FOR sale — Wood and' coal yard, including
horses and wagons, etc. S19 Florida st.
LARGK store with basement, nr. Hall Justice
and Koarny st. ; rent $30. Babin, 413 Kearny.
GOOD paying country bakery for sale or ex-
change for city bakery. Box 321, Call.
VERY low figure; well stocked, go-xl payin-
cor. bazaar; must be sold. 1000 Devlsadero.
LARGE newspaper route in thia city for sale;
desirable location. 413 Bush St., rcom 1.
$1400— FIRST-CLASS corner saloon: wholesale
district: large stock; 3 yrs. lease. 8 Mason it
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning I
works; good location. Box 2S00, Call office. j
MILK route — 10 cows, horse, wagon; clearing 1
5150 month. 405 Montgomery St., room 4.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE,
A, CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquauers for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business! chances.
220 rooms; grand new modern apartment
house; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $t(X> to $000 per month; golden op-
portunity.
15 rooms; Van Ness; cak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain If taken at once.
SS rooms; bonton location: elegant build-
ing; luxuriously furnished; all modem con-
veniences; grand entrance and halls; strictly
up to date; called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture; Brussels
' carpets: clears $30: $300 cash, balance on in-
stallments; price $S0O.
f>!) rooms; new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and up to date; hot and
cold water every room; $1000 cash necessary.
SO rooms: rent $05; fine location; all on 2
. floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100, all full;
$2C00.
125 rooms; flrst-clees downtown house; 5-
year lease; cheap rrnt; private baths: doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms: rent only $125; good lease: fine
location; some apartments always full; clears
$2C0.
116 rooms; new and elegantly appointed
apartment house; one of the swellcst In city-
clearing $500 to $000 per month; splendid
opportunity.
7- room new modern fiat; $<50 cash, bal-
ance on Installments; income $15; price $550.
24 rooms'; rent $140; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close In; always full.
162 moms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment houso in San Francisco; beautiful mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap tent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash-
baiance 8 per cent par year. " !
8 rooms: golden oak fur.: Moquet carpets i
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer. j
SO rooms; rent only $200; downtown house- !
always full; clearing $.00 to $300 per mo.; |
newly renovated and In fine condition.
20 rooms; rent only $75; 2 years' lease-
good permanent and transient house; price |
44 rooms; rent only $125; 5 years' lease-
running water; everything in good condi-
tion: clears $125 to $150 per mo.; price $2S0O.
19 rooms; corner; rent $95; oak furniture-
gaod carpets, hair mattresses; part cash bal-
ance on time. . • '
6 rooms; -rent $45; oak fur.: Moquet car-*
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $«; see this.
I 1* rooms; fine sunny corner; rent only $S0:
well furnished; all outside rooms; fine yard-
clears $100.
5« rooms: rent $250; 2 years 1 lease; well
furnished throughout; close in; first-class
boarding-house; clearing $250 per month.
5 rooms and balh; rent $1S: water free;
new modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
60 rooms: Bush; rent only $1G2; pood fur-
niture. carpetM; clearing over $200 per month-
only 14 rooms to take care of, balance do
own work; a snac
15 rooms; Van Ness; rent $fiS; oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200-
almost new. **-"".
R6 rooms: cheap rent: furnished last June-
2 a .~ furniture, Brussels carpets; clears over
?-'jO per month: half cash, balance 1 per
cent; owner sick in bed.
".rooms; rent $,"8; modern house; new fur-
niture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance
time.
s —
i ** ro o«ns: mnt $40; new and modern little
boarding-house; fine furniture; hair mat-
SIOOO 08 ' <i:lrlnc ovor $ - 00 Der month; price
\
S rooms; fine fiat; rent only $37 BO; well
furnished; very central; snap at $500.
• 24 rooms; rent only $125; first-class con-
dition; oak, mahogany, blrdseye maple furnl-
£"onA *if t , r j l -' fln _ s car Pets;- clears $70: price
$2000; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
28 rooms; rent only $100: lease; very cen-
tral; well fur.; clearing $120: must leave
city within 10 days; reduced to $1400; a snap.
13 rooms; rent $55; good furniture; carpets
all fpll and clean; price only $600.
• 21 rooms; Howard st. : rent only $G0; good
£ ur j, and _ carpets; clearing $180 per month;
$400 cash, balance time; price $900.
10 rooms; rent $50; close in; oak, blrdseye
maple fur.; fine carpets; elegant little tran-
sient house; clears $125; part cash; price $600.
BARGAIN— 30 rooms, well furnished: close In-
rent $100; clears ¦ $125 per month: $2100:
easy terms to responsible party; leaving city
For particulars address Owner. . box . 302*.
Call office. . ,
A— LODGING house. 46 rooms, within 1 block
of Market st. and : near, theaters; rent $115
per month, with lease; will sell for •$.'!2C0: '
all or part cash.- Address box 299, Call office. .
BEAUTIFUL new house- of 30 rooms: elesant
furniture: full of gentlemen roomers; must
Btll; owner leaving town. Address box 29S
Call office. i\ .
WANTED, for cash, -a lodging houeo of not
more than 50 rooms; state pricn wanted and
give, location. Box 304, Call olflce.. . -»
WANTED — Lodging house- of about 25 or to
rooms. Address, with particulars, box 2727
', Call office.- . . „
NICE hous«* at - 90o% Washington . st:, Oak-
land; It; rooms; front rooms all aunny; suite
or single: price $900.- •
BUSINESS East; I offer 28-room lodging-house
- 3 block3 Market st. Box 320. -Call offlca.
REMOVED.
• >Vt • TO 710 ELLIS ST.
CAEHMIRK. the Wizard of the Orient.
Spiritual Adviser Adept.
A— ?1 THIS WEEK— — fl.
Wonderful, bewildering. In the work <,f
Cashmire, the peer of all clairvoyants, whose
readings are a revelation; advice on love,
jnarrlage. courtship, ¦ business, mines: also
the separated: gives' secret power to
r control any ore in III days: removes evil in-
fluemes and develops medium*; locates hid-
den treasure; givey names, dates and i";tct?:
readings by mall. ,
MAIK. IS. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently lecafed at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate de/cription of the past, reveals the
presrnt happenings and portrays even's to
occur in the future: If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not «ati«ned with life, or havs
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them: valuable advice In all af-
fair* of life: 23c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed: readings by mail. Tel. Black 456V.
MME. MARCELLA.Just returned from ex-
tended tour, reads past, present and future
by ancient Egyptian egg method and Le Nor-
mand rarde: fee. $1. 161.1 Lyon at., bet.
Bush and Pine; phone Geary 2W7.
A — Mme. Ravenna ready life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MRS. WYZAN, gifted clairvoyant, test medi-
um; ladles 10c. gents 25c. 1008 Harrison. nr.6th.
MRS. UROWN. clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23_| 6th: la. 25c:&. 50c.
MISS ZEMDAR, ycung gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; L 50c. G $1. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G.ave.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 23c.
gents 5Cc. 951 Mission st.. nr. 6th: open Sun.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader; ladles. 25c;
gents, 50c. 845 Minna st.
OLDEST lady palmfet and card readsr In city.
• '-'CVj Kearny, room 20; ladles. 23c; gents. 50c.
MISS WARD, removed to 017 Market, rs. 11-12;
gives names, dates, facts. Hours 11 to 9 p.m.
Mns. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tings dally. 4«S% Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
< BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
- CO. 413 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 3.188.
CUBES BTJPTTTBE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1208 Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer T
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 8. 1902.
MR. A. HUNTER. j
Dear Sir: For ten years I have been afflict- j
rd with scrota! rupture; I used all kinds of I
trusses; gome recommended the knife, others
the needle. Your rupture holder gives perfect
vatlsfactlon. My health Is better than It has
been for jfars. Tours truly,
DIEDRTCH. BEN'ECKE,
200.*. Mission st.. S. F.
1 p— _-_-__»w---_i ---J-»-_--_-_-,
C^lPEJl' HEATKVG AXP CJLE^^^^
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
cn floor, without removal; price moderate.
& F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
I building. Phone Main 6237.
Y7JJEN you become disgusted with your worlr
tend for SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Injr Works. 353-257 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
TRT Hopke Bros.; carpet beating; mattresses
made over. 1432 Howard; te!. South 216.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1SC0 Har-
| risen St.: Al cleaning: 3c: tel. Mission 223.
j ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.; :
I tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM ii CO.. Props.
! RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works:prtce»
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
I CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
' S-'a Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
; DEXTISTS.
! DR7^UR*uii7~W-3"6"c"aJ!a«h^n^*Jiids™a^ket
I and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun.
der; the only device ever invented for grind-
lug, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at <<tflce.
j DR. LUELUM HILL. 1 US Market.nr. Eleventh
— No charge tor extracting when plates ar«
made: old plates made aver like new; teeth
from $-S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
! A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
i vcrranted 20 yrs.: crown. $ I CO; nlllngs. 50c;
! plates. $5: full set; all work pa:_!e«3 and war-
! ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
' PARIS Dental I'arlors. 235 Kearr.y. cor. Bush —
t Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up: fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. U5c; crowns. $2; no
pain; op;n Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.2C4 Sutter.
A ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist,
room 14. Pbelan building. Sma Francisco.
' 1ikessmakeks and sea3istresses
; McDowell dressmaking and mil-
linery SCHOOL.
I Ladies' tailoring.
Special course for dressmakers.
Spwlal rates to old puclls.
Patterns cut to order; Hnlnsrs fitted.
1010 Market st... above .Sixth.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttenhole factory. 110 Taylor.
Mrs F. Schwanke. fashionable dressmaking^
from East; prices reasonable. 2935 Howard.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
( EXCHAXGE. .
EXCHANGE— 27 ft. yacht for horse, rubber-
tired carriage, harness, etc. Box 3073. Call.
EjipLOYM^XT OFFICES.
GET yourl^lp at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY^
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co.. 13XJ
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone PoU 3666.
GKORGK AOKI. 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 42C Powell. Tel. Main 5752. .
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Orflce. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 16S: expert, reliable help.
' SWEDISH and German Female Employment
; Office, 115 Franklin St.; phone Folsom 2S56.
'• RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. S15 Stockton: Main 51S3.
' CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
GERMAN cook, superior in all branches of
cookery, wishes a nrst-class situation. Se»
•J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more encase-
ments* by the day; evening, -ball, tailor-made,
wedding and embroidered gowns a specialty:
references given: prefer to take work home;
$t .".<» per day. 713 Post st. Phone Larkin
2C37. ' #
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker, cutter
and fitter: only first-class work done; In pri-
vate families; few more engagements per
: day or week; garments made at home. E. C. I
BARSS. 64 Webster st.
WANTED by middle-aged lady- a position as
seanr stress: nu objection to a child; can
ppeak German and English; wases $25. Cail
; , or uddrp aa 133 Hyde st., room 10. , ; .
REFINED, respectable German wishes posi-
tion as working housekerpcr: references as
to horn sty, character, etc., etc., given. Ad-
dress box .1083. Call.
WANTED — In smajl family, by a p?rson who
is good plain cock: understands mak.ng good
bread and pastry; wages reasonable. Call at
1 ' SiU California St.. flat A.
COMPETENT Swiss girl. Just arrived, wishes
a position for general housework. Call or ad-
• Ureas' on- Monday or Tuesday C. L.. Sev-
: cnteenth st., near Castro.
SITUATION wanted by"~Swed!sh girl to do
gqneral housework and cooking. Apply at
I _2^ Chanultepee st.. off Mission, bet. Vir-
ginia and Euccn'.a aves.
A GOOD dressmaker wishes work by the day,
$2 and lunch, or would take . work hum?.
27B Per.rl st.. between Valencia. Market an>l I
Thirteenth sis. ' ;
YOUNO lady of education and. refinement de- !
f«irc» Dvfciticn <>f. trust, coveiiu-ss i,r cum- I
panton to chlldrm or elderly. Derscit. Bex
:!O;i, Cail. !
A COMPETENT woman wishes position "os !
working housekeeper: hotel or lodging house; I
city or country. Box 330. Call office. .
AMERICAN woman wishes housekeeper's posi-
tion or cook on ranch: neat and r»Pable.
.MRS. FAIRBANKS. Cotatl, Sonoma County.
A COMPETENT person will take fu'.t charge
ot roomlne house for us? of :: lar«c family l
rooms. Box 5C0, Call office. / . . !
GIRL who Is a good plain cook wants cm-
ployrnejit: wages $30. Call 2417 Clay. St.,
Sunday and Monday forenoon.
MIDDLE-AGED lady with a boy. housekeep-
er's position; city or country: kind to chil-
I riien. ,A-.ldr«-S5 833 Howard at.
FRENCH Jady wishes plain sewing at home;
mending, darning; neat hand stwer. Box
3CtiU. Call offlce.
YOUNG «irl desires Doait ion as stenographer.
• office v?ork lt> svnerul: reference; object
practice. Box 3071. Call.
ELDERLY I*ADY wishes employment at plain
sewing and mending: no objection to short
distance from city. Box 290, Call office.
A COMPETENT American woman desires car*
, of • Invalid; - reasonable. 410 Franklin at.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 10, 1904.
45
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-._L.-LE.
•l_^."^..-i^APS teleyrarh operator wants rall-
V'i' mm Itrni' 5 years' experience; good let-
, :e . r ; i>..ix 3C7. Cal- __^^^
« t iiL£-aGE1) ruin would lUce situation as
generally tiserul; best references. •
T p.. 42 X-~t ave. •
PAINTER, papertacter aad tlnter wants
tt'i-k: \tj cheap. WILLIAM HAPP, 434
Full** «. ; ttX. Pace 1421.
¦ w •• M'_TJ — A pc*-tion in a fire Insurance, of-
Cct by aa experienced man. 530 J st.. Sun-
eel District. ¦
TOrVI nxar. wants petition. I. SPEL__iAX,
147 NatarrA st.
TRAVEUXO. Calir. and Cretan; salary and
rt.-vr.". Box 3030. Call offlce.
BRIGHT ycuag 'man of pood address- hich
*¦-.¦¦*¦: mtdnate. Apply bcx 275. Call offlce.
BLACKEVZTH -WO-U Uke position on dredger.
Box 3C7»J. CalL
t\^LLX«~rOR or Kilicitor of ex^erienre wouia
like pofltlcn. Address 4>ox iO34, Call.
DBCQ clerk, well experienced, desires a poei-
ii"n as second clerk. Kox 276. Call.
A RELIABLE young man -n-ants position- will-
". ir^ to wcrk. Box 307S. CaU.
SOUCTTOR srd city dr^mncr would lik- po- !
¦?iticn. Box S0S1. Call.
LADY barber *ishee work Saturdays and Pan-
days: experienct-d. Apply liarber, 777V» Mar- j
COACHMAS or useful man wants a Job- beet I
referesces. T. B.. 441 Jersey st.
WANTED— Position as tinner and pipe fitter;
country town. Box 27K, Call.
GENTLEMAN. 23. wishes work of any k!nd; i
good referer.ee. Box 3075. Call.
WATCHMAN — Day or ntrtt. ln»!<Je or out*i<i<», '•
by at-tive. able-ho<iie<i man. Bt.x 30€7. Call, j
A SCHOOLBOT wants a Ca'-urday Job. 144S i
Ninth av«.. South San Franctsco.
. |
BOY wants work. Bcx 14S0 CaU effic*. ;
A TOITNG nuin wishes position with a chance (
for ail\ar.oe-tne-r.t. Box £S». CaU offtce.
TOC3CO man. aee 10. would l!ke position of j
some kicd in city. Bcx S;i3, Call office.
ENGINEER end electrician desires position; I
' -^--iv* *xi>erience. M. E.. 901 Powell at. \
DRAl'GHTEMAK. mechanical, with shop ex- |
¦ r*r:trr>, withes »"rk. Sex 2So. Cell offlce. j
PAINTING, paper har-si_«r and tinting; town '
cr country. CO Mary st.
A LONDONER war.15 poFitinn as usher in any
theater. Address 470 Jessie st.
V ANTED— A pn_rao_ as typewriter and pen-
gan. Box tils. «?al!.
CARPENTER wants work direct from owner;
S3 day or ccrtrart. Bcx r:^. Call.
CARPENTETl v.ar.ts str.all job*; will stall
price before begtr.ntng work. Box 306, CalL
BAP.BER. ftm das*. w»r.:« rood extra cr
shcrt hour job. 47^ T»'hania et.
WANTED— TV<vrk »s r-orter. E. S. MASTER, :
13C2 Kentucky st. j
TOt-ICO tran wst:is portion as a porter in :
whc>f_le hc-J?e. .vdlress t<;x 50C«. Call office. ;
t i
*A YOUNG -in wants position as a ory goods ¦
r''r""ll Address box 500. Call office.
WANTED — Work a.« har<<Jy mar. In ly_r!r.x-- j
• house. R. DOYLE, ir.77 Kentucky st.
• ___ i
WANTED— Work es porter. O. BRADY. 15 !
Third ft.
W ANTED — PoslUon as bookkeeper Box 3_5. I
Call. J {
•POSITION cf ar.y kind wanted by honest. I
s>>t>er man; referer.es. T. B., 42 Mint av«?. '!
CARDENEK and man about place for family ;
wishes actuation; bttt et reCerences. See J. ,
F. CRQgETT i CO, »2S ?acrarner.to «t.
AN old g-^itlen—in *a_ts as night j
watchman; can keep rlaia books* Is good I
at figures; transact bu*ice=s and ether I'gUt i
wcrk: city or country: the best cf refer- '
ences. Bcx 3087. Call office. j
¦WANTED— By experierced coachrr.an. wcrk in '
private- place; c!tv rtfertace3. Box 30S3. ,
Call c^Zze. '
YOUNG r^aru 19 yearn to Jeam grocery busl- i
ee__ Bcx St*5. Ca:i efflce. j
COOK, all troscd work. «ar.:s s!t_atior. in ;
ctty cr country hsUQ. Box 2^5. Cail offlce.
TRUSTWORTHY rcurx m*n ivho is an ex- |
perieaced st«»nccrapisw. desires a position in \
that capacity eolely to better himself; San I
Francifc-o or Oakland; references. Box £100. j
Call offlc*. i
WANTED — Sifaatlcn on ranch; thoroughly un- I
derstand Iwrat- and cattle, also traction en- ;
glne aci ell kid!- cf fanning machinery; •
best referer.ee*. Cox 3201, Call of&^.
? SOBER, inlustrtous n-.an wants positloa in •
bui'.neae hcus*. cr to drive wagon; thDr-
ouct'.y acquainted with the city. Adir*-*j
bcx 2018. r_U office.
¦ i
YOUNG man desires clerical Dcsltinn In San j
Trancisco wholesale house; has had expert- j
ence In offica of wholesale grocery boosts);
references . Box 2CZ&. Call. j
AN «-T_r;neer. American, us^d to hoistlnjr and i
•tat'.ccary cnginfs, would JJke a position of !
trust; :_= furr.lsi references from present !
esiflcyer. L. M.. b:x 2235. CaU. ;
TOUNG can waca poeiticn as collector: good !
education aai brst of reference*. Address ]
. room D. ttb Niseteenth St.. Oakland.
COMPETENT youne man stenographer, four i
years' railroad e-zp^rieace. wants position zr.y i
kir-d. Bcx 3G4S. Call office. j
WANTED — A poeltlon as elevator cper_tor by j
experierc»d >j,:« man; referenoes given, j
Box 3032. Call ofSce.
YOUNG man wants position as choreman oa t
ranch or in tr.vate family; sober reliable. ;
Ecx 3043. C*1L t
ENGINEER wants poeiticr.; understands stea.-n I
aad electrical; all !:lr.ds cf work around (
builfitnff. Box 3027. CalL ;
TOUNO rr.ar. knowing Russian would like a
trav. :-.r.g position. Box 3<X». Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as gardener or assistant '
C_ni-_er; eir^le; ag- 34. Bcx S230. Call.
MINE blackssjlth ar.d too! charp^ner wants
poeltion; ben reference*. Bcx 2021. CalL
YOUNG Japanese wants situation to do house- i
work: speakg good English; ro-icis out. ITO
C3 Pcweli «t.
.. ¦
JAPANESE »choolboy wishes' a situation a» |
• waiter after school; speaks English. FRANK <
S., 721 Haight st. : tel. Fell 7931.
JAPANESE yourjc boy] a first -class coo'_. i
want* steady work in a family; city or coun- 1
try. E- SASAKI. iSZ\t Pine gt.
JAPANESE eoople want pc>»ltl^n«; man house- !
work ar.d wait at tab>. wife take care of •'
b-ty. Mall cnl> SOJ. 71S Pine *t.
TOUNG Ctlnese. Crrt-claej! wok. «';«hes peg!- '¦
tion in private fasiliy. CHUNG WING, aC2 1
Clay at.
JAPANESE boy d«1res cosition as «choo:boy
and houagwork. C37 Pine st.
FLATS TO r.E'F.
NEW flats:
3CJ9 Washington, nr. Prrueo. S-ll mw^ $70. %M
2927 California, nr. Baker. 8-7 toornt. «oO. $_j!
N. Sacramecto, nr. Spruce. 6-5 rm*.> J45. $*o. ;
>"W. H_go & tith ave. <Sunset District), 7-6 I
rooma. SSZ SO. fCS.
Central ave.. nr. Fulton. C-3 rooms. S_5. $^0.
NW. Larkin and Broadway, 11-7-7 roo—is
U:. tSX S70.
W. line Car-p. nr. _t.:h. 6 fat*. 6 rooms, $27 30,
$20. MORE AT OFFICE.
BALDWIN & HOW ELL. Agents. 23 Post st.
~~.
A — HOUSES sad Cats to let; an Immerase list:
•errlce absolutely ' Ire* : take advantage cf
this department: It will save you time end
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co.. 245.259 Geary
tt . on ti-e square.
ALL cf the most desirable flats and bouses ar»
listed ta our renting department; Jet us give
¦yon a list and help you Csd one in the loca-
tion yea war._ \ STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1033 Market s_: services abso-
lute'.y free."
DE LONG. 123 — New attractive fiat; 7 rooms;
2 .T.h-;..i; paneled dining room; rent S33.
Owner on premise* to-day.
• CARL. SCO. near Etaryan — New suany Cat. 7
• rooms, bath. baF.ement: separate yard; fine j
view ot park and ocean; rent *30.
LARGEST list of houses and Cats to let.
Call oc LYON & HOAG. lie Montgomery «_
A SUNNY lower Sat. 3 rooms. ISO* McAllis-
ter St.. near park; rent >11. -
A SUNNY ui/:»r Cat. 3 rocms. In rear. 2H
Havw_r3 tt.. off HarrOcn. near Eight-.
FLAT, J)» EdSy ftt.: 9 rocnae and bath; hall
and parlor frescoed.
GREEN. 1574^ — New sanny Cat. J rooms; rent
MCALLISTER. S31— Unfurnished parler Boor:
4 roam and b— t_; adults; $28.
KETV «aany lower Hat, 7 rooms and bath.
2S30 £acr_meato St.: rent $35.
ffALLER. 17M. near Park entrance — Modern
sunny upper izXm. S rooms, bath. $22 50. $25.
»UEH. S0ft4 — Elegantly furn. T^rm. flat; bath.
Ola-a. Call asjr «re_!nr bet. 7 and 8; $40.
PENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.: 14
years* practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.". near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms;. 35c night: reading rooma;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A ERAJJCH office of The Cail for th« reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
. opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. ra.
ALL sizes men's shoe?, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission at., bet, tst and 2d sts. -
GET your shoe6 half soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. C63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ROOUS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH." 805. cor. Taylor, 1st floor — 1 or 2 house-
keep'g rms: also single rm; bath; reasonable.
GEARY. 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
HAIGHT, 228—3 or 4 lovely housekeeping
rooms: gas and bath; rent reasonable.
HARTFORD, 70. bet. Seventeenth and Eigh-
teenth — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms; new
flat. - .
J HOWARD, 23S1 — Sunny well-furnished suite of
{ 4 front rooms: $17; adults.
> HYDE, 414— Two completely furnished sunny
', rear basement hkpg. rooms; bath, etc.; $14.
i JACKSON. 1513 — Two sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms, with o»king gas; $14.
I KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1.J40 Pine »t-.
I near Hyde — Sunny 3-rw)m furnished suites;
steam heat: electric lighted; fre« bat_*;
rateg $30 up.
MCALLISTER. 5.^S — Large room, complete
fcfrCtg keeping; hot bath, laundry; adults: $10.
! MISSION, I22J; naar Eighth — 2 nicely fur-
nished sunny rooms; no children.
t MODEL HoiiFe, 12Q« Stcckton — Newly iumlshed
hskpg.; single rms.. $5-$12: gag, bath, phone.
I OAK GROVE ave.. 10, off Harrison, near
; Sixth — Unfurnished rooma for housekeeping.
'I POLK. 1020. near Geary — Neatly furnished
; front housekeeping roon-ss; reasonable. <
I POLK, lf-43. cor. Clay — Two newly furnished
sunny front rooms: housekeeping: rent $18.
i RAUSCH, 5S— 3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
; with yard.
' SACKASIENTO, 13JK) — 3 aunny rooms for
i housekeeping; 2 large and 1 small.
i SACRAMENTO, 1400— All kinds eunny house-
keeping rooms; running water; gas stoves.
j SEVENTH. 1»1—^lce sunny rooms for houw- i
keeping. i
! EHOTWELL-. 625 — Two sunny furnished rooms
j for lizht housekeeping; bath.
i SUTTER~ 2620^ — Furnished bedroom, dining-
room, kitcten; yard: bath; use parlor.
TAYLOR. SH — 2 furr.ished rooms; gas range,
coal stove, grate, sink; $10.
j TURK. 507 — 3 or more front rooms, including
i kitchen: 3 beds; private.
i THIRD 312 — 2 nice furnished hskpg. rooms; |
I warer'; range; tun; porch; $12; 1 room. $8. |
TURK. 3-S1 — Parlor floor: 3 sunny rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas ranye. J
TURK. 5C7 — .'! or 4 front housekeeping rooms,
kitchen: suitable for four or more; private, j
; TURK 411A — Nicely furn. room for house- '
' keeping; also rooms for gentlemen. $0 & $10. ;
I THITtD. KM — Large eunny front room fur- j
nlshed for housekf eping ; $2 per week.
' TWENTY- FOURTH. 2521 — 3 partly furnished
rrr-s. for hskpg. in the Mission^. adults: yard. :
AFAKTKEKT HOUSES. I
EL CARMELO — Benutlful apartment house;
Just completed. 1710 WaEhinirton St., near
Van Ness ave. ; 3. 4, 5 and 6 rooms and bath
j with each: finished In .natural woods; tiled
' bath rooins, etc.: genteel residence location;
convenient to car lines; rooms large and
sunny; must be eeen to be appreciated.
" MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
! Corner Pine and Taylor its.; beautiful new
: irojern npr.rtment3; all sunny corner suites:
: furniyhed or unfurnished; none superior; raa-
' rine view. LYON & HOAG. 118 Montgomery.
THE GABLES,
' Cor. Clay and Larkin sts. — Modern 3-4-5-room ¦
; up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
i nished; ail latest conveniences; reservations '
i can be made en premises. 1 to 4: terms re_.*. ,
! A— THE WILLAP.D.
Turk st.. nr. Cough; 2, 3. 4 rooms, furnished
or unfurnished, w>th private baths and mca-
_<crn conveniences; open /or inspection 1 to 4,
also 312 Pine St.; phone Red 543G.
ST. CECILE. 11,-. Fell, above Van Ness— Th«
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
: apartments: private baths, steam heat. eiec.
• lights, elevator, gas ranges; v:o to $53.
I ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jack«on st. — Modern 3-4-3
{ room?. a!*o t'.r.g',?: furnished or unfurnished;
marine View;, now open; references.
AUGUSTINE. 945 Post— a and 4 rooms; fur-
ntihed nev ami up to date.
HADDON HALL. ~
051 EDDY ST. RKFEP.ENCES.
J APABT-tEJrrS WAyTEP.
i WANTED — An apartment of 4 rooms furnished
; '¦omplefe: state price and location. Bcx 251.
C*ll office.
'¦ FURNISHED 3-room apartment wanted; close
in. Box 253. Call office.
: ROOMS TO LET — Foru. and (n furn.
I a— ran AUDiToiuui: hotel.
THK AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
113 AND 117 EDDY ST.
110 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODEItN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS: 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
| LIGHT?: PTEAM HEATED THKOUGK-
¦I OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
i SUITS WITH BATH. $1 50 to $2 50 PER
I DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
; south nm.
• ASH WORTH ,' HOTEL.
SCO Maocn «., bcu G»try and O'Farrel!.
Rooms with or without private bath.
?-'cw addition j*J«t completed: entire house
I newly renovated: sun in rco:ns all day.
AURORA, corner S?cond and Foiiom sts. — New
house. Dew furniture; every room outside:
modern and sunny, prices from $1 50 per
week up: this is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
i A— BRUNSWICK Hou*e, 143 Sixth tt.— Room*
; 2.'c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night..
I ABERDEEN. S3S Sutter — Just opened; band-
; romely fur.: cor. suites: bath; sun all day:
! fine view; stngle rms. ; tourists; excL location.
AT "The Almonte.'"- 873 Market sti (or No. I
Fifth st.>— Rocms. 25c. 00c. Jl. $1 »0 night;
$1 5'"> to $10 week; hou^e open all n.'ght.
! AT the Pierpont. 450 Ellis — Newly furnished
} rms.; e!e\-ator: hot & cold water; transient.
j . . -r\r^ .--'¦ ' yff^fjS^TES^'
j BUSH. 912. near Jones — Private residence: 3
exceptionally large connecting unfurnished
rooms; carpets and curtains;- every modern
convenience; 2 very handsomely furnished
rooms (renovated), bath attached; references.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13»4) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite. Ringle: also unfurnished.
BUSH, £C$-Slr.Rle rooms, private faintly, for
gentlemen with best references; no sign.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 13G — Unfurnished room and
kitchen for light housekeeping; suitable for
man _nd wife. , *
ELLIS, 1JKJ0. near Scott— Nice large furnished
room; gas;- bath: phone; %S.
FOLSOM. 1220— Newly furnished house; good
beds; sunny rooms; terms reasonable.
FRA>*KLIN. 721. nr. G. O. ave. — Sunny, furn.
front rooms; suitable for 2; all conveniences.
GEARY, 87S— Sunny front room; $9 per month.
I GOLDEN GATE. 1223. near Fillmore— Nice
sunny furnished room In private family. *
GRAND Southern.' 7th and Mission — Rooms SOc
to $1 50 night: Jl to $3 week; readlng-roo:u.
HOWARD. . 1310 — Single sunny front..' room,
nicely furnished; gentletn— n or lady. . ¦.--
HYDE, S53— Pleasant front room with use of
bath, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen;. nice lo-
cation; quiet: reasonable to rigAt: parties.
LARCHMONT. 381 Sutter— Sunny rooms; elec-
" trio lights; elevator; central; transient.
LOMBARD. £531 — Stngle room for gentleman;
- -rent $3. -.-"•¦--- ¦•-. ____!_
MANHEIM. 682 Sutter— Sunny front rooms;
," strictly ¦; first class; transient. _¦/
MCALLISTER. 912— Nicely furnished room for
gentleman, , with .bath; . rent 1 $S.
O'FARRELL. - M0 — E_qulsltely i furnished run-
' »ny roon— i In modern flat; rent very low...
ROYAL House. ; 126 Ellis^ — Incandescent lights,
. reading-room. «mokins-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. 33c to $1 50; week. $2
to |8; month. $9 to (30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.;
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna — A sunny:
furnished single room; rent $7.
ROOMS- TO ' LET— Furn. and Pnf wra.
SEVENTH. 143 — Front sunny • bay-window
room; suitable for two men; reasonable.
SUNNY, furnished room, bath: -business per-
son; private family; $7 month. Eighteenth
et. and Castro cars. Box 50, Call branch.
Church and Duncan sts. „
SUTTER, 1C22H. near Hyde— 2 large sunny
parlors and kitchen or laboratory; gas grate.
TAYLOR. 515B — Sunny room, suitable for 2.
: $10; running water, bath; no car fare. '
THE FREMONT. 1S«4 MARKET ST. — Strictly
first-class elegantly furn. rooming -'hotel.
Tel. South 1133. Capt. H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
~~ THE LAM BOURNE.
420 Eddy st.— Elegantly furnished rooms;
en ¦>'.:'. te or sinKie; breakfast.
, , — .
TURK. 724»,£ — NewlJ furnished sunny rooms;
stngle or en suite. - ;
TWENTY- FOURTH. 3174— Fnrrlshed room to
let.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, rear Market— 400
rooms. Sic to $1 night. 51 75 to $G week: elec-
.. trie lights (no gas), running water In every
mom; elevatcr. read.-room; free bus; baggag*.
VAN NESS. 619 — Hanilsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
.•J5o to $1 50 nlgftt: $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus: baggage.
WOLF Houf*. 202 Sixth— Eiectrtc Itsht In
every room: ror>ni !romM5c to >1 per night.
.75c to $5 per week: op?n all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Rranch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts. |
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
ot advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at '.1008.. Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
* . j ROO3IS AXD BOARD.
A-^~"~ TiO~TElT_ALTIMORE.
VAN XESS AVE NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT- AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGER & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
.— HOTEL HATTON - —
977 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; .private ' baths; all modern .conven-
.lencfs; excellent table.
ELEGANT front, sunny alcove room; running
water, gar, bath; suitable for 2, with beard;
private family; also another ro^m. 1224 Gold-
en Gate ave.: phone Steiner 3S26.
CALIFORNIA. 1246— Most select location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed: marine view^
HOT_L~MARTINET, Geary st. cad Van Net"
¦ ave.. has changed hands; hereafter conducted
Crst-cicss family hotel: table board specialty.
LARGE newly furnished front room, with
board In private family: two gentlemen or
couple. 113 Valoaralso ft.
ELLIS. 740— Elegantly furnished eunny rooma;
exceUent' table; comfortable home. "
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41S Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent tatl?: from $40; single $25.
; NEWPORT, 101S Pine, near Taylor — Large sun-
ny k'dttrs: also single room; excellent tabls.
VALENCIA, 1>3C- Sunny room for 2: new fur-
niture: first-class boarding-house.
! THE NIRA. 615 Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
| ny suites; also clngle; excellent table.
| Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
; new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
i O'FARRELL. 3C3 — Furnished rooms: hom«
cooking: German family: $6 per week.
I ROOMS A.ND BO.UID WAXTED.
f WAXTED — By a student, •'place to work for
l-.ani and r3t.m from 5 to S p. m. Address
| J. G. OHANNESIAN. 550 Parrott bldg.
' WANTED — Breakfast, dinner and room in nice
he— i«? place, close in. by yours man; state
terms. Uox 3 la. Call office.
WANTED-- Board and 2 rooms for 2 adults
and 10- year-old child: price not to exceed.,
$S0 per month. Box 3C90. Call offlce.
' SUITE of rooms, with first-class board, wanted
for 2 adults; rates not to exceed $S5 per
| month. Box 252, Call.
j BOARD and room wanted for 2 at ?0O per
; month. Box 254. Call.
I ROOMS WAKTgP.
I WANTED — 3-rottnui famished complete fcr
housekeeping. - Address, statir.g .rent box
j ?*j7. Call office.
I WANTED — An unfurnished room on Mission
! st.. bet. 4th and ICth. Box 3500, Call.
MARRIAG.E JLICEXSES.
The following marriajre licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Allen F. Kecnan. 24, Santa Rosa, and Daisy
C. Plxley. 24. city.
Henry Kaufmann. 2S. Oakland, and Rose
Harris, 2:;. 11 Cedar avenue.
I.uici Repetto, 35, 2117 Chestnut rtreet, and
Virginia Sorlno, 23, 72 Sixteenth street.
James J. Wetle. 31. 253 Minna street, and
Mary Stoli. 21, 12 Godens street.
Jam:s O'Conncr, 38. 17CJ Howard street, ami
Elizabeth McLaughlln. 22. Harrison and Juni-
per streets.
Charles Manwarins:. 22, Sioux Citv, Iowa,
and Eva I- Hucklns. IS, Suisun.
Thomas A. Keogh,' 32, city, and Elizabeth
WIckerrha-3, 27, city. -
. Chester A. Ju.'ah. 28, 923 Union street, and
Sarah E. Gardner, 25, 8CH Greenwich Ftreet.
! Jran C I-oi-stcuncn. 35. 23O Mcntcomery
1 avenue, and Anne Dannut, 25, 134 Collinswood
street. .
James N. Johnson, 4.1. 110 Third street, and
Fannie M. Xic!s?n, 42, Oakland.
Georre P-- Carver, 30, 1)20 Jack«-,n street,
and Ruth CJ Johnson. 31. 020 Jackson stre-?_
Emllio T-orenzinl. "S. 2l>O Fillmore street,
and Ixiulvi Vannuccl. IS. Trenton avenue.
Hugh W. Kelly. 43. ltt: Langton ftr«et. and
LouU'a Driacoll. V., ICt La^Kton street.
. Kamon'E. Milan. 21, MB Pine street, and
Erclila _L Munoz, 21. Tfft Pine rtrut.
Loul« Klein. 27.-in.SU Ellis street, and Bes-
sie L. Honeywell. 24, 201 Hyde street.
I Albert J. Green. 29. 318 Fourteenth street,
and Katherine (^Keefe, 29. 312 Fulton street.
Patrick Keating, 35, city, and Hannah Cur-
ran. 27. city. -
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth. marrla«re and death notices went by
mail will not be inserted. They moot be handed
In at either -of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eon* authorized to have the same pub'.lshrd.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
Of the event are published ence In this column
APPIARIUS— In this city. December 2. 1JKCT.
Xo th; Trtfe of II. W. Appiarius. a son. ¦
CHARLESTON— In this city. January 4. 1SKM.
to the wife of Edward Charleston, a daugh-
ter.
COFFEE— In this city. January 7. 1CW, to the
wife of Laurence W. Coffee, a son.
DESMOND— In thts city. January 8» 1004. to
ithe wife of E. P. Desmcnd. a daughter.
HEDBERG — la' this 'city, January 5. 19O4, to
the wife cf 7. N. Hidberg. a daughter.
' IVANKOVICH — In this city. January 7. 1004."
to the wife of L. N. Ivan&ovlch, a daughter.
LOW— In this city, December 31. 1903, to the
wife of Joseph C. Lo-w. a son. .
McENHILL— In thl* city, December IS. 1303,
j to the wife of Hush McEnhiU, a MflJ
McKEIRNAN — In this city, January -7, 10C4,
to the wife- of Frank McKelrnan. twin
daughters. _•>
POOLE — In thin city, January 4, 1904, to the
wife of W. H. Poole, a daurhter.
SCOTT— In this city, J_nuary 7, 1901. to the
wife cf J. M. Scott, a son.
SHANNON— In this city. December 2ft. 1903.
to the wife of' R. T. Shannon, a son.
SKELLENGER — In this city. January 6 19O4,
to the wife of Harry D. SkEllenrer. a sen.
W1TTE — In this city. January 5. lOOi. to the
wife of Henry Wltte. a daughter.
WOOLLETT — In this city, January 3. 1304, to
the wife of Thomas Wotllett, a ton.
MARRIED. V
DISSMEYER—DE -MARTINI— In this cityj
January 7. 19O4. by the ' Rev. William K.
Dugan. pastor of Stewart Memorial Church,
-George A. Dlssmeyer and E!iz_b:th da Mar-
tint, both of San Francisco.
GLAHN—PIPER— In thts city, Januarv fi,
1904, bv the Itev. Frank S. Ford, pastor of
the First Christian CJ-.urch, Robert R. C.
- Glahn of Lcs Angeles. Cal., and Inez Sona-
ervllle Piper of Oasis, Mono County, Cal.
GULL — STEBBINS— In this city. January 6.
1904. 'bx th* Rev. J. K_ Guthrie. G. Adolph
Gull and Minnie G. Stebbjns.
MATISON— O'CONNELL— In this city.. Janu-
ary 7, ' 1904. : by tb* .Rev. Father Caraher,
John D. Matlson and Catherine O'Connell.
both of San Francisco.
STEWART— BRADLEY— In this *• ity. Janu-
ary C. l»04, by the Rev. H. B. Collier. Rob-
ert H. Stewart acd Linda . M. Bradley, both
of ' San . Franc_ico. .
DIED.
Allen, Annie McClcskey, John L.
Baruch. Frieda McQulllian. Bernard
1 Beard, Rev. Jas. N. May, Mrs. Mary M.
Beeler, Henry Mlllken. Ellen
Bertram, Mary Moriarty, Mrs. E. A.
M Brennan. : Celia *• ' Reviile. EIU
Bunemann. Jullu* Rockwell. Charles II.
Cos^rave, James K. , Ruckstell. Kenneth
Crawford, John Ryan. Ann
: Duastan. Adeline '. Schade,- Rudolph C.
Foley, Timothy Schaupp, Frederick
Gabriel. William E. SchuUerts. Frank G.
• Gale; Grade: '•- •»'.. Schwarz. Joseph A.
. Glass. Frederick Shanlay. Bridget'
Glover. James E. • Sherrard. Charles A.
Hathwell, Jackajn . Sullivan. Mary
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
OPEN TO-DAY. :
: .; SUNDAY— 8 TO 12.
A — MURRAY & READY -34-636 Clay St.
Phone Main S84S. ¦¦
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. - ;
1903 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
60,000 men work. /v Increase 60,000
— ¦ *
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT.
German or Scandinavian cook. wife. $50.
Carriage trimmer Old Mexico, free fare.
$9 — DON'T FORGET— ?3.
Arizona. To-day. Prescott.
Steady Jobs for two years; big wages.
ITALIANS.
40 Italians to chop wood: tools found.
5 cooks. $30 $40. $50. $60 ar.d found.
MURRAY & READY. 631-630 Clay 9t.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
IS German or Scandinavian woodchoppen j;
No. . I big job $1 to $1 50 cord.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
3 BUTCHERS, country Job. £50 to $35 found.
Sticker or matcher hand. city. $4 a day.
MURRAY & READY. 031-630 Clay st.
BOILERMAKER, country. $3 CO day. ' .
Machinist. lathe hand, country.
Baker, hotel. $5O and found.
Laundry wagon driver, country. $30 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, i
526 — Montgomery St. — 626. , '
: Cor. Clay UPSTAIRS 1st floor. 1
I'houe Main 1181 1101 Phone Main.
COAL MINERS, OREGON, fare returned, j
Coal miners. New Mexico. '
Chioo, Butte Co., half fare, $25; teamsters. ¦
$2 25 and $2 5<>; man and wife, private [ '
{.-lace, city; 3 farmers; solicitors, city; cook, j
private. $20 and found; 2 ranches to lease.
A HEAD barkeeper for large hotel bar. South-
ern Calif r.rnta. $S5 and found: also a gentle-
man to attend to the card games in gentle- j
men's clubroom. same place. $75 and found;
apply in person with references to-day. Sun- |
day, between 12 and 2 p. m. I •
C. R. HA.\SEN _ CO 429 Bush st. t
i T j
; A BUTLER fcr a private family. $50; also a j
second butler for city. $35. Call Monday at
MISS PLUNKETTS. 423 Sutter St., near.
Powell. j
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Bellboy. $15. Open !) to 11. i
' GOVERNMENT Dotations— More than 13.000 j
appointments la.n year. Chances even b»t- ,
fr now. Examinations in every State. |
Thousands prepared by the National Cor- ;
respordence Institute, Wathinetiin. D. C.. i
the originators of this work are now In the |
service. Writ? for circular J-l. showing I
positions. salarie5. examinations, sample ¦
• Questions, etc.. to our I'aclflc Coast OfUcf, I
1C7 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal. (•
\ WANTED— The advertising buslnf 83 taught t
In 30 days; no previous experience neces- j
Fary: Dractical wcrkinr knowledge guaran- ,
teed; advertising men earn from $25 to $10O j
and ud per irVek; I made 513,000 In thla !
tjusiners last year; I can start you riKht; j
write for particulars. GEORGE H. CUR-
RICR. 12 Lakeside blrfg., Chicago.
1 A— ' L L
Men to learn the barber trade in two months '
and secure good positions; catalogue and full ;
information mailed free. MOLER System |
College. 635 Clay St. :
: TRAVELING t»!f!T.an to sell all classes re-
tai! tra1»: buFinets full established: hi|th-
priced men investigate. F. R. JENNINUS,
I Hales Manager. Detroit, Mich.
WANTED — To employ an educated gentleman !
tr> trav-l in Pcuthern California and wiite [
short ort!cl«s for rubl'.catlon: $1000 per !
year and railroad far+s; first-cla?» refer- I
enc»s required. Box ."001, Call.
- EXPERIENCED busine** men and women de- :
slrirg mercajitll" position with good com- ¦
;»Ttaticn are requested to call on the Royal
Mercantile Cr>.. Suite 19. Columbian building. 1
flic Market st.
WANTED — 5 men to learn fire ext:«(ruish»r
business (powder appliance) ; standard: costs
20 cents, tell* S3 each; thorough instruction .
an3 formula, J3. Warehouse ltil New Mont- '.
gomery *t. :
! WANTED— Men and women to learn the bar- ;
l«=-r tracie; waxes raid while learning. Call j
or address Western Colleee of Barbers, ft»7
Corr.m»rci_I et.. San Francisco. J
WANTED — Experienced soecialty saJtsmen ;
with zood references: liberal ttrirs to good :
mea. J. W. BREEN, Main and Walnut, '
St. Louis. Mo.
j ! |
: BOYS un.ier 1C sar.1 r.ame^ and addresses of 6 i
hnv?. get a printing- preys. Aa Supply Co., j
Dept. Coffcyvillc. Kans. i
i WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack sign*. '
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can- !
j vasslTis; good pay. Sun Adv. Bu., Chicago. !
i 100 YOUNG men of IS years, with good char- j
. act«r, to organ!z» military organization.
Call at 473 Valencia rt., bet. G and S p. m.
i WANTED — A first-class carriage blacksmith
at rocd wae«s. A::piy to A. MEISTER & I
SONS CO., Sacrcmtnto. Cal. j
| WANTED — First-dare specialty salesmen to j
handle I!n» co commission. Address Barton- j
Parker Mfc Co., Ceder Rapids. Iowa. ;
j WANTED mfa everywhere: good pay: to dis- !
; tribute circulars, adv. matter, tack signs; ,'
no canvasflnjr. Nat. Adv. Buraau.. Chicago
] WE want eood men to solicit: big money-
maker: rradily sjld. Inquire 137 Montgom-
eiy st.. room 33.
A GOOD boy at JOE ROSENBERG'S, S16 Mar-
! j_}_«i- |
, DETECTIVES everywhere; eood Hilary; no i
experience. Int'l. Detec. Azov.. Milwaukee, j
' OFFICE toy in wholefalc bocas: hours 7 to 6; |
give. •{•-, v.ases. Box 30t%. Call.
| WANTED — 50 reliat-1" yoang Protestant, white i
American men. 18 to 21 yrf. Bos 2i"9'.», Call. '
' EXPKPJENCFD ycung taller on custom criats. |
Apply to-day. 514 Turk st. j
' ERRAND boy In photo?rar-hic business. ll.-J. I
WATER.S & Tin.. 110 Setter .«t. J
' WANTED — Cash bey; also •wagon bov. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m., HALE BROS.'.
' BfllOHT bey v.ho can ride wheel; chance to j
Icwn printing trade. 240 Ellis Kt.
: WANTED — Two first-class shoe sa!eem<"n. Ap- j
ply to HERMAN LESSER. 915 Market St.
WANTED— Operator and retoucher. TON- I
KIN'S. 1227 Market st. » j
i W> >.'TED — Hand finisher on men's straw hats. I
Union Hat Co., 578 Mission st.
' YOUNG man, 1S-2I. help cutting meats: geed :
references; call Sunday^-12 to 5. 77 Shotwell.
BARBER — One revolving-chair J-hop; price $40;
a bargain; rent $5. 1674 Mission st.
i WANTED — Young man typewriter, stenogra-
pher and assistant bookkeeper: must be quirk j
and rot require instruction* In either capaci- I
ty; pood wag»* and permanent position to i
right party; references. Eox 3037, Call office, j
| ONE of the neatest four hydraulic chair shops |
; In Oakland: up to date and doing a good {
lm-inf >-.: price $1200. or f«eh_nge for shop
in nearby town. Call BECKLE & PRESHER,
J 367 Twelfth at.. *)aklapd.
• UNCLE SAM wants help: 14.0CO appointments
last year; free examination paper and cata- |
leg giving positions and salaries. Cept. Q. .'
Western Correspondence University, San f
[ Francisco. i
j GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room 14.
fifth flr>or. 3C3 Larkin ?t.. for free Informa-
tion a* to positions, salaries, aee limits, etc.;
day or -evenings.
! WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between » and 11 a. m. at HALE
. EROS.'
f WANTED — Bey from 14 to IS years of age to
l(-arn th* dry goods business. Apply be-
tween 3 aftd 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
: TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 acd
$1 £0 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 473 Parrott building.
> BOY, 1C or IS. residing with parents, for whole-
sale house; state are and experience. Ad-
dress bcx 2011, Call offlce.
i TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
; $i 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. "or
¦ orthopedic nboee, 13 CO; best shoes on earth. 11
i Third st . Zxam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
I ¦ 1 —
WAXTED— An all around bookbinder; ona who
can do forwarding and flclgbing on full,
bounds. Apply SANBORN VAIL te CO 74l\
Market st. :. ,
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added ICO new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St. ; 250 roorrj; 25c to SOc per night.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It done fcr 25c. We
and COc while you wait at 5<d Mission st.,
bet. 1st and 2d its., or 11 Third it
FOR sale cheap — 2 barber chairs 1 . 2 mirrors
and pole. Apply 346!i Seventh, cor. Harrison..
TWO-CHAIR barber *hop for sale; account de-"
parture. C512 Twentieth at.
BAILORS and otSlnary seamen for deep-water
shlpa. • Apply DEXTS place, 2G Steuart st.
BARBER fcbcp for sale. 238 East st. -
MUSICIANS to Join military : band. 328 Bush
St.. third floor, room 4. r -.-. ;
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741 A Howard »t.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 4O.Phela_
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thoman Post. G. A.R. ¦
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
T ?«^ t^ Verr w Chole * raddle flat. 2SC5 Wash-
>ngton ,_. be twe<n gcott tind pey ls ad;ro.
T _2s !t T;iV P r^ rp ' r * UCD r Cat. 6 rooms, bath;
»•». 11^3 Devlsadero st.. near Eddy.
UNION. 10C5— Nice upper flat, 6 rooms; lota
cf tain and marine view.
VAN ICESS. S07— 7-room Cat. nicely fnraleh^
eg. to rent; reasonable; r.o children.
'" — LOWER Cat and large yard. 72CX4 Har-
rtson et.. between Third and Fourth.
H 5 — NEW eunny upper flat; 6 rooms; ele-
cantly famished. 1205 Waller at.. 10 to 4.
FLATS TO LET-— FfRXISHED.
FOR rent— Elegantly furnished sunny cor. flat;
6 room.', bath; rent J.33; no children; refer-
ences. 705 Cole 6_
HANDSOMELY furnished upper flat; sun every
room. O. G. Park Panhandle. Box 3065. CalL
DIAMOND. M9— Flat cf 3 furnfcshfd rooms, !
hot and cold water, $15.
FURNISHED flat of 6 room*; almost new.
1214A M-son »l
FLATS FOK SALE KL'KMSHED.
J SUNNY 8-room medern flat at a sacrifice; 10
to 4. 2307 Van Ness ave. -
FLATS WAXTED. •
[ YOUNG couple want rr<v}ern flat of 4 rooms;
rent reasonable. Box 3070. Call.
/gACIAI. MASSAGE. '
! A— WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method; 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors. 7C4 Larkin st.; phone Polk 17.
FEATHER RENOVATING.
! OSTRICH feathers and boas remodeled, curled
and wr.terprocfed: gives a luster equal to
new; can be. worn a se_son without losing
curl. Potter Waterrrocttnir Co.. oO Geary st. |
! BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather ]
Co.. SS5 Van Ness _ve. ; tel. Howard 3167.
HELP UASTEO- KE-ALE.
I A PASTRY cook for an easy place in city. $40.
but no room; a laundress fcr 2 days a week. |
II 60 a day; a waitress and second girl. ;
small family, ?30; a girl for waiting and j
torn- chsmberwork in a *m_Il private board- ;
ing h~££e. ?2Ti. room and board: a girl for '
cooklns and' little housework for 3 in family !
plac- in Oaklar.1. wag«-s $35: a your.K woman |
for chaal*rwork. eewic^ and wait on a laciy ,
¦ in city, J_S; nurse for one child. $15; a '
your.g strong wcm_n as kltchenmaid; a Ger- I
man chambermaid for hotel in city, ?2f>: a !
lstundress for 3 in family, city. $30; a iaun-
t dress for 4 in family. J3O; a laundress who
will help with chambfrwurk for s:n_!I fam- I
ily. $3i.»; a cook to assist laundry work, plain
place. $3o: two Filters or friends for private !
family in San Rafael, one to wait table ard .
do parlor work, the other fcr chambersvork I
and sewir.gr. ?25 each; a cook ar.d second girl !
for email American family in city. K0 to j
sir.": 4o housework girls for city, also for j
ranches acd private places in country. S2t»
to £30 a month. Call Monday at MISS i
PLUNKETTP. 42." Batttt St., near Towell.
• 3 COOKS, r.o wsjhinr *35 [
2 mai.is and neair.strvsj^s f25 :
5 secon-i girls $20-*2T> j
Laundress, country ?SO •
L-undrtars. institution •
llousfcTr ork. sleep home £Sl> :
Nurst-Kirls $10-»2A
6 waitresses for hotel, restaurant. $25-$27-SS j
Man ar.d wife, rrlvate place... $50 ;
Mother ar.d daurhter as cook and nurse
$25-115 |
2 parlormaids and ¦waitress $30 |
¦ . ro general housework girls, city and coun- i
try f-O-*2S-«30 ;
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter. ;
' AT San Franr>:?cn Emj.lovment Bureau, 27 Vs ¦
Fourth ft. — Seamstress for institution. $25.
rfXMri. board, waihir.s ; cock, samt: p'.ace. JK):
housekeeper, city. $30 found; housekeeper for
one, $20; cock, country. $25; housework for I
two, city. *_5: : curse girl, city references. .
»»: lirht housework. Berkeley, $19. l'hone ;
Grar.t 20.
! COOK, woman, fcr institution. $40 and found, j
Cook, woman, fcr country. $2.1 and found.
Feair.rtrese for institution, J25, beard, room
and washing.
CAL. EilP AGENCY, 14 3d bt. ; cpen Sun-
day. IV to 12.
: MRS. MITCHELL'S Ladle?' Employment 67- '
See. 324 Mason st; telephone 2£>6 Black — j
Gcod, reliable help furnished.
i
: A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresstng. I
n;ar.lcfrJTiK. etc; trade taught from A to Z j
in 2 weeks; i,"> to tho*e em-ring- now; 3 po- i
t.i.-.r.s to Cl! immediately; positions pi:_r_n- '
teed at 110 : -r week up: limnltnf; school la ,
West. 233 Geary ft., room 13.
| A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring lea- ;
•on: bctr neasDns taught frcm start to finish !
In 1 month fo*- $10: pesitlo.r.9 ae trimmers. |
*a'ecladier. etc.. guaranteed \t $10 per tvk u>; •
•lay tr.d evening cla«>. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13. {
¦ A — LADIES to learn ail brar.chc-» halrdrt»*:nx j
trade; rcanicunng, massage, eje 123C Mar- I
ket 6t.. cor. Jcnes, room 94; positions secured '
j et highest wages: day and eve. cl?^s; call.
; A— EXAMINER Teamed on ladies- and chil- j
dren's undcrw-ar. with scod experience. C5« ;
Mission Ft., third Soor.
j A — OPERATORS wanted on ladies' waists. I
65(5 Mission St.. third floor. ;
I ,
! A — OPERATORS wanted en lad'.es' underwear. (
•"50 Mission . st.. tbird floor.
; A YOUNG Udy rraduate of domestic scier>c-> ;
to teach cooking two days every week: state ;
school, and salary expected. Phone Uusii |
??4?, moraines S to 11. or address School tor I
Domestics, bcx S222. Cal! office. j
I SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND P.IV- '
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY: ;
PAID SALARY. LEV1 STRAUSS & CO.'S 1
FACTORIES. B« FREMONT ST. AND ISI3
MISSION. NEAR" FIFTEENTH.
I ZUZZ ] !
; TWO Catholic ladles for permanent outside
paying position: some selling ability neces-
sary; those with Lock or inrurance experience !
preferred: state fully former experience. Box
2SG. CaU o'fl.-e.
I i
j LADIES to do piecework fccrac; v.-e furnish ma-
terials and pay $7 to ?12 weekly. Send I
stamped envelope to Rcyal Co., C4 E. Monroe j
5t., ChlCigO.
! WOMAN not too y«un2 and familiar with i
business methods for position of trust: no J
Btenosrraphr- Hex :_«. CaU- |
i 'WANTED — A lady -with musical talent and *>d- '
ucation: $<<Xi per year. Apply, with refer- ;
erces, the University Society, box COCO. Call, i
j WANTED — Young lady stenographer and as- •
distant bookkeeper: wholesale house. An- j
s«ir, giving reference?, box 309. Call offlci. i
I LADIES^ — Moet prcfitable. rteady home work; j
«9 to $12 weekly: materiel free; no canva?«- I
tr.r. Address tfurety Compsny. Chicago.
. WANTED — A number of schoolteacher* for j
private positions: state age and experience s
tfarhlr.s; and other business. Bix ."KJSO. v CaIl. j
EXPERIENCED sale-ladies wantedI~GRSEN. •
EDRO & GIIEENBERU. Geary st. and
Orant ave.
EXPERIENCED fitter wanted: apply b*twe«n •
» and 10 a. c:. I. MAGNIN _ CO., 43-5.; I
Ell:« ft. ,
WANTED— Girls experienced in fancy <!ried i
fruit; wace* good. Apply 7:S« a. m.. Men- '¦
day. 2T2 Drumm £t.. upstairs.
A FIRST-CLASS trimmer for yearly city posl- '
tion; ncellent siijrv. Apply HOLM _: NA- '
THAN. 1
A LARGE sunny home for worklnt; girls; $1 !
per we»k; privilege of cockinr. 1S29 Pinj st.
WANTED — FIr.i»h»rs on wali-t* and skirts. Call '•
Sunday. 1C15A Clay st-
RKLIABLE Kirl for ct-eral housework; no
cooking; ??5. ICG Walnut st.
WANTED — Apprentices for milliner}'. 723 ¦
Market st. ;
A GIRL for plain cocking: and light housework; j
delicatessen store. 294 Valencia rt.
A GIRL for general hous^vrork; $20 a month. !
Apply Monday, 1014 Jackson st. ',
EXPERIENCED chocolate dippers! Apply 224
Battery st. |
WOMAN who !s good cleaner to work In room-
ing-house reurr.lr.es. 324 Bu»h st.
WANTED — Halnlres»er and apprentice. Elite
Dermatology Institute. 8-'{8 Market St.
WAXTED — Good willing girt to do housewurk
and help tend takery. 4S0- Hayes st.
FIHST-CLASP trimmer for first-class position-
city. Box 327. CalL -
FIRST-CLASS coat taUoress; good wages
ABE JACOBS. 1200 Market st.
A REFINED young woman to teach cocking
and hcueework: must understand both thor-
oughly; hours 1 to € dally: salary. $4O month;
references. Phone Bush C4S. mornings S to 11.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn the hair dress-
lnr and manicure buelnees; win pay while
learning. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' .
WANTED — In San Rafael. | strong, intelligent
sTlrl. about 28 years, general housework;
wages $30 month. Address. > with references.
H. B.. 60S Fourth St.. San Rafael. Cal.
OPERATORS and tuckers on ladles' waists;
good pay; permanent ppiltlo&s. - JUDA
BROS.. 820 Market st. -_
FIRST-CLASS ¦ stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor, 302 Montgomery.
LOPEZ— In West Berkeley. January 9. 1904.
Jose M. Lc^ez. beloved husband of Anna
Lopes, and father of A!oharue Loses. Mrs.
G. Grim?haw and Mrs. O. G. Martin, a na-
tive of Panama. Central America. a<ed 63
years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Delaware street and San Pablo ave-
nue. Berkel-y. thence to St. Jcajph'* Church,
where services will be held, commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
McAULIFFE— In thl* city. January S. 1904.
James Francis, dearty beloved son of Han-
nah and th? late Timotliy McAuliffe. and
brother of Joseph. Eu«-£ne. Dennis and th«
late John. Mary and Kate McAulifTe. a na-
tive of Ireland. as;ed 3S years 4 months asl
15 days. A member cf 1. M. U. No. 1*4.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ¦ to-day
(Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. MT Church street, between Twenty-
first stifd Twenty-second, thence to St. James
Church for services. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery.
McCLOSKEY— In this city. January 9. 1904.
at tfie residence. 221 Vt Sanchez street. John
Leo, yo_ng*«t son of John B. and Annie M.
McClodk?y. a native cf San Francisco, aged
2 years S months and 23 days.
McQUILLIAN— In this city. January 7. 1>H.
Bernard McQuilllan. a native of Irelana.
aged 35 years.
t7Remai?j at Charles J. B. Metzler"s un-
dertaking parlors. 6T.6 Washington street.
MAY— In this city January ». 1W. Mr«.
Mary Magdalene May. beloved wife of th*
late Captain John May. and sister of Mrs.
Rosalie Schwarze and Mrs. Louise Dur-lnd.
a native of Lorraine. France, aged M years.
CrFriends and acquaintance are respect-
fully Invited to attend i!--c •*u»eraJ to-day
(Sunday) at 2:30 o'clock, from r>r residence
of her sister Mrs. Louisa P^ralnd. 1819
Pierce street, thence by »T3v .••dock train
from Valencia and Twenty- nftk streets. In-
terment Holy Crcas Cemetery.
MILIKEN— In this city January S. 1904. Ellen
MUiken. beloved wlf* of the lat* George
Mi liken, a native of County K#ry. Ire-
land ag*d 80 years.
CTFrienda acd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services)
to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at tn«
parlors of Valente. Marls! * Co.. 1324 Stock-
ton street. Interment Holy- Crosa Ceme-
tery.
MORIARTY— In this city. January 9. 1904.
Mr*. EllzabetH A., relict of th« late Joha
J. Moriarty. and mother of John J.. Eu?w»
J. and David A. Moriarty and Mrs. J. Walsto.
a native of County Kerry. Ireland. a_ed 7*
years. A member of Tbird Order of St.
Francis.
C7Fureral Sunday. January 10. at I
o'clock, from tha parlors of McFadden. Me-
Brtarty * Green. 1171 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eirhth. thence to St.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenu-.
where services will b* held at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
REVILLE— In this dty. January S. 1904. Ells>
Reviile. beloved daughter of Thomas and
Beatrice Rcvllle. and sister of Mrs. Captafn
Thonagel of 1193 Ninth street. Alameda.
Cal. ; also sister cf Thomas. Jamea. Wil-
liam, John. Marie and Margi* R*»iU<» of
Waiton. Delaware County. N. T.. axM 3L
years. (Walton. Delaware County. N. T.,
papera please copy.)
(T_r Funeral services private. Monday.
January 11. 1904, at 1 o'clock, at James
Fowler's undertaking parlors. 1524 Park
street. Alameda. CaU Interment St. Mary'«
Cemetery. Oakland.
ROCKWELL— In Tarrytown. Jf. T.. January
1. 1904. Charles Hall Rockwell.
CT Funeral crtvate. Interment at Nor-
wich. Conn.
RUCKSTELL— In this city. January B. 1WH.
Kenneth 11 . beloved son of John R. and
Nellie G. Ruckstell. a natlva of California,
aged 3 years !> months and 23 days.
C7Intei— nent private. -¦
RYAN— In this city. January 7. 1904. Ann.
beloved wife ot the late Charles Ryan, be-
loved mother of John Ryan and Mrs. M.
Fleming, sister of the late Mrs. Ellen Cal-
nan. and grandmother ot Lillian and Charles
Ryan, a native of County Kilkenny. Ire-
land, aged 7d yearn. - . - •
t_TFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:13 o'clock, from her late-
residence, 213 Harriet street, between Har-
rison and Br#ant. thence to St. Rose's
Church for sertices. Interment Holy Cross)
Cemetery.
SCHULLERTS — In Oakland. January 9. 19O4.
at 13S Louisa street. Frank G.. beloved hus-
band of Soohla Schullerta. and father of
Arthur W., Frank O. and Benard T. Schul-
lerts. a native of Sweden, axed G3 years 3s
months and 13 days. . -
I SCHADE— In this city. January 8, 1904. Ru-
, dolph C. beloved husband of —.Ilzabeth J.
Schcde. father of Dorothy E. Schade. be-
loved son of Rudclstt acd Marie Schade.
and brother of Fr«d C. Gusaie C. aad TUH*
M. Echade. a native of San Francisco, aged,
29 years 3 months and 2 days. A member
of Brewery Drivers* Union No. 227.
Z^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlt*d to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). At 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrtarty &. Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Elgh'a .
. Cremation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SCHAUPP— In this city, January 7. 1904.
1 Frederick Schaupp. beloved husband of Mary
Schaupp. father of Mrs. W. C. Reutschler.
and grandfather of Esther M., Fred W..
i ltutlr and Russell Reutschler. a n*t:v« or
Wurtembera;. Germany. aged 77 years.
(South Bend. Ind.. papers please copy.)
CyFrlendsi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), a: 1 o'clock, at bis late
residence. 43 Albion avenue, thence to Ger-
man Lutheran Church. Twelfth street, be-
tween Mission and Market. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carr^ase.
SCHWARZ — In this city, January 9. 19O4. J*-
veph Anton Schwarz, beloved husband of
Jos-phlse C. Schwarz. and beloved father of
; Mrs. C. W. Wagner and George F. Schwarz.
; a native of Baastrttln, Germany, axed t&
years 7 months and 2ti days.
< [7 Friends acd acquaintances are reapect-
; fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. January 11. 19O4. at 2 o'clock, at
his late residence. 420 Chestnut street. Cre-
: matlon at Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Pleass
: emit flowers,
SHANLAY— In the City and County HoapltaT.
January 9. 1904. Bridget Shanlay. a native,
of Ireland, aged €7 y<ars.
EHERRARD— At 1732 Ninth street. West
Berkeley. January 0. l'Jtrt. Charles Auatla
R. Sherrard of Kent. Wash., brother of H.
L. Sherrard of Hornlck. Iowa, Leslie C.
Sherrarrt of Port Townsend, W_so.. an <i
¦ Marion W. Sherrard of Kent.. Wash., a na-
tive of Belfast. Ireland, aged 25 years) .
SULLIVAN— In this city. January 9. 1904.
Mary, dearly beloved wife of John Sulli-
van, and lovlnc motber of Dennis. Timothy
and Thomas Sullivan and Mrs. W. Dunlevy.
a native of Countv Kerry, Ireland, ased 5*
years. (Chlppewa Falls. Wls.. and New York
papers please copy.) -»_•;'>¦•
E7Frtend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fuaeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her * ra
residence. ltf70 Mission street, thence to St
Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass will
te celebrated for the rencse of her soul,
commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
STTLLrVAN— A mass will b« ofTered tor tna
rspose of the scul of the late Nellie V. Sul-
livan at St. Paul's Church to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 7:30 a. m.
UPTON*— In this city January 8. 1304. Mary
A., widow of the late John P. Upton, and
beloved mother of Eliza M.. Edward P..
Vernon and Thomas B. Upton. Mrs. D. M.
Bckee and Mrs. r\P. Hoin. a native of
SaJem.. Mass.. aged Vi. years 6 month* and
24 days. (>__tsachotetts papers please copy.)
CTFrien&s and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. January 10. 1DO4. at 3 o'clock, at
the Park Congregational ¦ Church. Haves)
street, between Lyon street and Central ave>-
nue. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. -
WELCH — In this citr. January 9. 19O«. James
Welch, beloved hoatoand of th* l_t» Wini-
fred Welch, and father of John. William.
Thoraas. James. Edward and Katie Welca,
a native of Ireland, ased C5 years.
C7Fnend9 ar.d acquaintances) are respect*
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
at S:30 o'clock, from hla late residence. -Uci
Twenty-Sroopd street, thence ta St. James
Church, where a requiem high mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of bis soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WELLENDORF— In this city. January 3. 1904.
Gnstave. beloved husband of Johanna V.'-!-
lecdorf. .-on of Marie and the late Chris-
tian Wellendorf. and brother of Mrs. Dora
Kuhn. Mr?. Mary Goetz and Charles and J.
J. Wellendorf. a native of New York, aged
42 years 10 months and 14 days. *
t_rFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from hi* late resi-
dence. 135 Fillmore street, near Waller. la*
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WHALEX— In thla ctty, January 7. 1JXM."
Catherine. . wife of Joaecn Whalen. and sis-
' ter of T., P. J.. Michael and the late An-
drew Co* kley and Mrs. .Margaret CMfara,
a native of Slstroy. County Kerry. Ireland,
aged 44 years. •
E7Fiienc> and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend - the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 13:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor <% Co.. 7G7 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church at 12:30
o'clock for services. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery.
WHKITLEil — In hi* old home at Zlnfandel.
near St. Helena. January 7. 1D04. Caarle*
Wheeler, a native of Vermcnt.- axed S3 years
10 months and 18 days.
t_T Funeral services at the horns Tuesday.
January 12. at 10:30 o'clock.
WILLIS— In thla city. January 9. 1901. Jennie
Willis, a native of Virginia, ased SO years 4
month a and 4 days.
CARD OF THANKS.
"Wa. desire .to thank oar many friends far
their ceseroos help and kind sympathy ¦ en
the oecaalon of the sickness and death of
our baby.
MR. AND MRS. M. E. LOCGHAy.
Hill. Mary A. Eulllvan. Nellie V.
Hurst. Frank Upton, Mary A.
'Jones. Anna A. Welch. James
Katz, Louisa Wellendorf. Oustave
Kcster. Frtddle Whalen. Catherine
Lehrke. William C. Wheeler. Charles
Lo?ez. Jose 31. * tYillis, Jennie
McAuliCe. James F. ; v v. —
ALLEN— In this city) January 9. 1901, Annie
Allen, beloved mother of Mrs. Dora Berrie
• and Mrs. Nellie Zlnko. a native of Ger-
. . many, aged SC years.
BARUCH — In this dty. January 0. \19O4.
Frieda, beloved wife of the late IsaarN Ba-
ruch, and beloved mother of Mrs. J. Olco-
vieh of San Salvador. Mrs. M. Rosenberg ot
" Hollister Mrs W. Rosenbers and Fredtriclo
Albert and Benjamin Baruch, a native of
Germany, aged 73 years and 6 months.
BEARD— In St. Louis. Rev. James N. Beard.
D.D beloved husband of Cynthia Beard,
father cf May and Edltb Beard, and brother
of Burke Beard of Indiana, a native of In-
diana, atred S3 years 7 months and 4 days.
C7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
BEELER— In the -City and County Hospital.
January S, IWM. Henry Beeltr. a native of
California, ajred 3S years.
BERTRAM— In this city. June 9, 1304. Mary.
beloved wife ot the Ute Thomas Bertram.
and dearly beloved mother of Joseph D. and
John T. Bertram. Mrs. M. Ross and the Ute
Mrs. Harrltt d'Arcy. a native of County
Longford. Ireland, ared 76 years.
CTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun-ral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 10134 Folscm street, thence to
St. Patrick's Clmrch. where a requiem hiph
mats will be celebrated for the repjsff of
her ronl. cc— imencin* at 0 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRENNAN — In this city. January ». 1P04.
Cella Brennan, dearly beloved aunt of Mrs.
J J Llnehan James. Patrick and Margaret
Devine. Mrs. William Leach and Mrs. M.
Borue.' a native of County Roscommon, Ire-
land, aged 75 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Sunday January 10. 19O4 at 1 o'clock,
at the residence of \heT niece. Mrs. J. J.
Llnehan 2797 Bryant street, corner Twenty-
pi.xth. theno- to St. Peter's Church. Twenty-
f.iurth and Alabama streets, for services.
Interment Hr>ly Cross Cemetery-
BU.XEMANN— In this city. January 9. 1904.
Julius beloved son of Mrs. P. Jeenlcke. a
native of San Jose. Cal.. aged 23 yeara.
<San Joee. CaL, papers please copy.)
COSGRAVE — A requiem hi«h mass will be
eald for the repose of the soul of James
Klrby Cosgrave at St. Brigid's Church. Van
Nee* avenue and Broadway, on Tuesday,
January 12, at 0 o'clock.
CRAWFORD— In Berkeley, January 9. 1904.
John Crawford, husband cf Eliza S. Craw-
ford, and father of Edward J . Eliza L..
Edith I'.. Caroline J. and Charles John
Crawford, a nativ* of Brlth. Ayrshire, Scot-
land, ased 71 yearn.
CTFuneral services will be held Sunday,
at 2:30 o'clock, at his late residence. 2435
Piedmont avenue. Eerkeiey. Interment pri-
vate.
DUNSTAN — In Redlands. San Bernardino
County. January S. • 1904. Adeline, beloved
daughter of John and Elizabeth Dunstan.
and sister of Francis P.. William J.. Elmo
R-. ,T. Herbert. Dora M.. Frederick T. and
Ernest A. Dunstan and Mrs. U. L. Dike, a
native of New Alrnaden. Cal.. aged 32 years
9 months and 14 dayp.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. January 11. 19O4. at 1:30 o'clock,
at Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-flrst ar.d-Capp streets. Remains at
the home of her parents. 3137 Twenty-fourth
street between Howard and FoLsotn. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car- I
riage.
FOLEY— In this city. January 7. 1904, Tins-
clhy Foley, beloved husband of Anne Foley.
and lovinjr father of Timothy. Mich—el, Mar-
tin. Dennis and Jeremiah Foley, Mrs. Wil-
liam Butler. Mrs. Charles Gruner and the
late Johana Foley. a native of Macroom.
County Cork. Ireland, eged 59 years 3
months and & days. A member of Triumph
Lodpe No. ISO. A. O. U. W.
ir—^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
at 9:30 o'clock, from his late residence. 2S4
Dorj street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem high ma_ will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GABRIEL— In this city. January 9. 1UO4. Wil-
liam EL. beloved son of Earnest and Lottie
Gabriel, a native of San Francisco, ased 2
months and 19 days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
at 10:3O o'clock, from the funeral parlors
of Porter -White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Cypress Laviro Cemetery.
GALE — In this citv, January 9. 1W>4. Grade,
beloved daught-r of Milton and Grace Gale,
and *fster of Ruth and Milton Gale, a iu-
- tive of >»an Francisco, a<red 6 years and 2
2 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tfc? funeral Monday,
• January 11. at 2 o'clock, from her late r»ai-
dence, 9i4 Powell street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by el-ctric car from "Eight-
eenth, and Guer— fro streets.
GLASS — In this city, January S. 1904. Fred-
erick, beloved husband of Mae Glas3. aoa
.'of the late Julias and Amelia Glass, and
brother of l!o/e Glass and the late Gilbert
and Jennie Glass, a native of San Fran-
cisco a;ed 39 years 2 months and 10 days.
A member of California Parlor No. 1. N. S.
G. VT.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th* funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
i d-vjnee. 26CS Sutter street, between Baker
: and Lycn. Interment Home of Peace Ceme-
" tery. by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
¦ Townscnd streets.
! MEMBERS of California Parlor No. 1". N. S.
G. W. — You are hereby requested to attend
the funeral of our deceased brcther. Fred
Glass, from his latj residence. 2CC6 Sutter
street Sunday. January 10. at 10 o'clock
sharp. J J. CUSACK. President.
• CHARLES A. BOLDEMANN. Sec.
! GLOVER — In this 'city. January 7. 1904. James
I E. Glover, dearly beloved son of Mr. and
Mrs. A. J. Glover, and brother ot Mrs. J. C.
Junken of Dawson. Y. T.. Mrs. J. Hyde and
Harry W.. Thomas F. and Jennette Glover.
a native of Benicla. Cal.. aged 33 yean 3
months and 10 days.
: ¦ K_TFriends and acquaintances are reapect-
! fully Invited to attend the funeral services
' Sunday. January 10. 1904. at 2 o'clock, at
! the residence of bis parents at Benicia. Cal.
i IIATHWELL — In the City and County Hospi-
tal. January- ». 19C4. Jacks-sn Hathwell. a
; rative of Illinois, aged 47 years.
I KILL— In this city. January 8. 19<>4. Mary A.,
: beloved wife of William H. Hill, and be-
loved mother of Edward D. Williams, a na-
z tiw . of Sydney. Australia, ared 37 yean* 4
months and 3 days.
HURST — In the City and County Hospital.
January 9. luO4. Frank Hurst, a native of
Germany. a*ed CD years.
JONES — In th:a city, Januvy 9. 1904, Anna
Alleene. dearlv beloved daughter of John
and Matrde Jones, sister of Gerald Jor.»-s,
, and iron'idaurhter of William and the late
Anna McCullouirh and Thomas and the late
Margaret Jon-.s. a u-tive of San Francisco.
aged 2 years and IS days.
C7FrienJs and ac<ruaictances are respect^
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10- o'clock, from th* residence
- of the parents, C27 'Thirteenth street. In-
tfnatnt Holy Crosa Cemetery.
KATZ — Entered into rest. In this city, Janu-
ary S. 1UO4. Louisa, widow of the late Fred-
erick Katz. and lovlnc mother of George.
- Louis and Oustave Katz. Mrs E. C. Kalben.
Mr*. M. Sb*rwood and the late Fr.-d Kats
and Lor.is*. Sandow. a native cf Germany;
ased 73 yeara .". months and 21 days.
C7Friend.i arc respectfully Invited to at-
tend the fumi-1 to-day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, irom her late residence. lt'ltS Union
street. Interment I. O. O. Y. Cemetery.
flea:-- omit flowers.
KOSTER— In South San Francisco. January
S. 1SO4. Freddie. be!oved son of Chris and
Ida Koster. and grandson ot Frrd and Chris-
tine Koster and Mrs. Evelyn Dupas. a na-
tive of Petcadero. Cat., aged 4 yeara 10
months and 7 day's.
t^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltid to attend the funeral tu-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock.- from the residence
-of the parents. 1730 Twelfth avenue, betweea
N and P streets. South San Francisco. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LEHRKE— In thla city. January 8. 1004. Wil-
liam Christian, dearly beloved huxband of
Annie K. Lehrke. beloved father of Lucile
Lehrke, beloved son of the late Henry and
Louise Lehrke. and beloved brother of A.
W.. G. F. and Louiaa Lebrke. a . native of
' San Francisco, axed SO years 8 months and
4 days. A member of Cosmopolitan Lodge.
. I. O. O. F.. and B«ulah Lodge No. V9. Order
- of the Eastern Star.
ETFrtend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, CO1 Minnesota street, and thence to
Masonic Temple, corner of Pest and Mont-
gomery streets, where services will be held,
under the auspices of Crockett Lodze No.
i:.!t. F. and A. M.. commencing at 1 o'clock.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car leaving corner of Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 2:45 o'clock. Extra
pas*engtT cars are provided for the accom-
modation of friends.
OFFICERS and members of Beulah Chapter
No. S9, O. E. S.. are hereby requested to
attend the funeral of onr late brother. Wil-
liam C. Lehrke, to-day (Sunday), at 12
o'clock. By order of the worthy matron.
¦ MARY TODD. Secretary.
hENSY J CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flansajran £ Gallagher.)
: DANIEL P. DONOVAN.' Mgz.
FUNERAL DIKECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln ScnooL
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
- — —Funeral Directors and Ensbal inert—--
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 8«« MISSION. TeL South 187.
Eetween Fourth and Fifth, near . Flf t_ «_
Finest Equipments at Moderaut Rates.
F~ J. MONAHAX Manager. Tel. Mission 3L
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEHS.
- 2339-2341 Mission St.. near Nineteenth.
San Francisco.Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
¦t Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Fublished by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. JANUARY 10.
Sun rises 7:20
Sun eets 6:09
Moon rises 0:45 a. m.
D iTime ITime Time ITlme
£ j Ft. [ Ft. Ft. ( Ft.
.« |h w }l w (h w |l w
10 5:33 6.6 12:08 1.6 6:26 S.S 11:44 2.1
11 6:25 6.7 1:16 0.9 7:47 3.7
L W H W L W * H W
12 0:42 2.5 7:17 B.8 2:14 0 4 9:00 4.0
13 1:32 2.7 8:0S 6:8 3:07 0.010:00 4.2
14 2:2S 2.3 8:55 6.0 3:52 — 0.2 10:52 4.4
15 5:17 2.0 9:37 6.S| 4:33 — 0.5 11:35) 4.«
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tldea
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given 'are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
Elgn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Steamer. 1 From. I Due.
Elizabeth Coquille River Jan. 10
Iaqua San Pedro Jan. 10
M. Dollar San Pedro Jan. 10
WyefleM Nanaimo Jan. 10
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria IJan. 10
Centennial Seattle & Taeoma I Jan. 10
Noyo JHumboldt Jan. 11
Serbia I Seattle Jan. 11
Tellus Oyster Harbor Jan. 11
Hero Comor Jan. 11
Chieo. ........ Coquille River Jan. 11
State cf Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 11
Sonoma Sydney &. Way Ports... Jan. 11
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Jan. 11
Del Norte Crescent City Jan. 11
Coronado Grays Harbor Jan. 11
W. H. Kruger Humboldt Jan. 12
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul. .. Jan. 12
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 12
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. Jan. 12
Spokane Humboldt Jan. 12
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 12
San Mateo.... Tacoma Jan. 13
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports Jan. IX
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 1.1 ;
Santa. Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 14
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Jan 14
Rival Willapa Harbor Jan. 14
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor Jan. 14
Colon New Tork via Panama Jan. 15
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 15
Columbia Portland & Astoria... . Jan. 15
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 15
Mera Hamburg &. Way Pts. Jan. 15
S.Barbara... Seattle & Olympia Jan. 1«
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Jan. 17
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Jan. 17
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 17
A. Maru China & Japan Jan. 18
North Fork . . . Humboldt ; I Jan, 18
City Sydney. . New York via Panama) Jan. 20
TO SAIL.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAT, JANUARY 8.
-i J.Cuneo Company (a corporation) to John B.
and Mary C. Butterworth, , lot on i W line of
Pc'.K street, CS:8 S of Broadway, S 34 by. V»*
100; $7000. s[ :
Arthur and Simon Bschman to Eliza G.
Deutch (wife of. Isaac),' lot on S lln« of Geary
street, 137:6 E of Gough, E 27:1 by 8 120: $10.
I. C. Scharft to Helen Demlng, lot on W line
of Church street, 85 8- of. Herman,. Si 23 by =,W
79:»: $10. J • . - .
Charles - W. , and Frederlca I«. i MarwaJil' to
Charles F. Marwedel, lot on :N- line. of Union
etrect. 00:0 E of Scott. E GO by N 137 :G; $10.
Joseph and Caroline F. Nash to Alfred . E.
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd325 350 - 1
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.120 125 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. S5 W Mer Trust .. — 232^J
Bank of Cal. — 4B0 Merch Ex .. — —
» Cal Safe Dp.145 160 S F Nation). — —
x First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2190 2300 Sav & L So. — ICO
Hum S& L. — — Sec Sav Bk.375 476
Mutual Eav.100 110 Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.C00 700
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..199 205 I Presidio .... SS 41 Vi '
Geary ...... — 80 I - J
POWDER.
Giant . 62 62%|Vigorit . — 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — Kllauea S C. — 5
Hawaiian C. 43K 44 MakaweJi C. 22 23U
Honokaa 8 C 12 12>4 Onomea S C. — —
Hutch S V C — 8U Paauhau 8 C — —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. — 138 Oceanic S C 4 ,i«":3
Cal F C A. 83 94H Pac Aux FA 5 „ B^j
Cal Wine A. 93 »1 , Pac C Borx.l«7 — .
Morning Session.
' Board—
25 Oceanic ij . S Co.. 4 00
• 15 Spring Valley Water Co........ 40 0O
40 S V Oas & Electric Co 57 25
'200 S F.Gas & Electric Co 57 60
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 57 87ft
5 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 68 ri^
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 68 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co... 53 25
105 S F Gas & Electric Co... 63 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 63 87^4
(>•> S F Gas & Electric Co 50 CO
$2,<XK) N P C R R 5s bonds 105 00
$1.0W Pac Electric Ry 5 per cent... 101 87}4
$0,000 S P of Arizona (190U) 105 00
$1,000 S P of Arizona (1010) 1C5 75
Streot — <
5 German Savings & Loan...... 2200 00
$10,000 Pac Electric Ry 5 per cent... .105 00
California Stock and OilExchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma »•••••••••••••.••••¦••• .... ....
Apollo;.
Associated Trust Cert .... 19
Aztec 11
California .Standard ....
Caribou 1 45 1 CO
Central oolnt Con ....
Chicago Crude ....
Claremont 40 ....
Esperanza ....
Four 60
i'^ulton 4 00
Giant 25-
Hanford 140 00 142 no
Home 1 10 1 15
Imperial : ....
Independence 12 14
Junction 17
Kern 4 5O 4 75
Kern River 12 60
Lion 02
Monarch of Arizona 40 ....
Monte Crtsto 65 ....
Occidental of W Va .... 16
Oil City Petroleum 26
Peerless 14 00 ....
Pittsburg ....*.
Reed Crude 4 50 ....
S F & McKlttrtck
Kan Joaauin O&D ....
Senator 62
Sovereign 37 40
Sterling. 2 50
Superior 05 07
Thirty-three 7 25
Toltec 21
Twenty-eight 450 ....
West Shore 3 CO
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. .-... ....
Alameda Sugar ....
American Biscuit 75 00 ....
American District Tel ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ....
California Cotton Mills 80 00 MW-
California Jockey Club .....
California Shipping Co ¦ ....
Cal Title Ins & Trust ISO 00 140 CO
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 00
Chutes Company -
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 60 8 87*5
Fischer's Theater 2 23
Gas Consumers' Association ....
Honolulu -Sugar -
Northern Cal Power 8 50 9 00
Noilh Shore Railroad ....
Orphr.um Company 10 0O ....
Pacific States Tel & Tel :... ....
Parafflne Paint 35 00 ....
Han Francisco Drydock ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 &0 ....
Kausalito Lund & Ferry ....
Sperry Flour Company ....
Standard Electric ....
T*Bla Coal Co 25 00 30 00 1
Truckee Electric . .'. .... -
Union Sujar .... ' ....
United G13 & Electric .... ¦
SALES.
;, Morning Session. .
r.0O Nevada Co ; 42
200 Home 1 12%
10.000 Associated IS
80 Peerless 14 CO
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1100 Andes 40] P.OO Ophir 6 75
100 Belcher ..... K 200 Ophlr 6 00
400 Caledonia ...1 25 100 Ophir 6 62%
400 Caledonia ...130 600 Overman .... 3:5
.".00 Challenge Con 3C (500 Overman .... 82
HOO Cntollar 35 100 Potosl 35
500 Con C & Va.2 45 400 Potosl ....... :J6
100 Con C & Va.2 40; 100 Fotosl ....... 37
100 Confidence ...1 15 40O Savage f,9
2000 Con NT .12 2CO Savage .70
000 Crown Point. 5131 SOf> Savave 75
30« Gould fz. Our. «7l 4CO Seg Belcher. . 16
400 Gould &. Cur. f>5 J0O Sierra Nev . .1 15
500 Julia 07 400 Sierra Nev ..I 20
5C0 Justice ...... 1* 200 Silver Hill ..¦ 71
200 Justice 13 400 Union Con ..1-10
1 40rt Kentuck 05 000 Utah r.2
r.00 Mexican 3 40 300 Yellow Jacket 45
r.00 Mexican 3 45 ICO Yellow Jacket .44
500 Ophlr 7 C0|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
. Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: #
¦ -.MofnlnB Session.
200 Andes 31 .".A) Mexican 3 60
r.OO Andes ... 37 100 Mexican 340
100 And on 41 UM) Mexican 3 35
30O Andes ....... 4li 250 Ophir 6 5O
' 10'» Best & Belch.2 SO 200 Ophlr 6 C2H
JCO Best fk Delch.2 75 50 Ophir .. 6 D7H
700 Bullion ..... 1.1 JOt) Overman 1 - 34
. 200 Caledonia .. .1 iT. ',100 Kavatre ...... 70
100 Challenge Con 3S 7W S«g Belcher.'. ,15
' 1.100 Chollar .. - 3« SCO Sierra Nev .1 15
20O Clio: la r 35 2P<) Fierra Nev. I 17>4
.",00 Chollar ...;.. •'«? 2OO S'erra Nev . .1 lo
100 Chollar '...-.. '">S DO Sierra Kev ..1 ID
"OO ("on C fc Va.2 40 200 SlerrA N*T ..125
van Con C ft; Va.2 50 ICO Silver* 71111 .. 7"
I 100 Con C ft Va.2 5T»f 200 Silver Hill ..71
100 Con O & Va.2 (W 100 Silver .Hill .: 7.-,
1 400 Crown Point. •••'-! 1W) Sliver Hill ... 7">
r.CH Crown Point, .'"tl 100 Union Con ..1 35
1 600 Gould A: Cur. 70j ' «0ft Union Con.l 421-',
3C0 Goulrt-& Cur. .fs LifiO ITnion Con ..t 30
200 Gould & Cur. 72 "00 TTn!on Con . .1 45
.•Ulrt Hal<» f*. Norc. »4 £O0 ITtah 32
1 2(X> Juetlae It 200 I Ttah ; . ."*:*
5fO Kentuck'..... 0^ C(V) Yellow Jacket . ¦»•<!
3C0 Mexican 3 45 200 Tellow Jacket 45
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following wore the scles on the San Fran
cisco and TonojSxh Mlninx Exchange yesterday:
« Morning Session. .
2OCO Esperanza.. ... Ol 1C<!sl Kay fc OBrien 10
(WO Evelyn^...... 25 10O" Ton Helmont. 71
' 1 00 'GoM-- Anchor.. ¦£» 1C0 Ton llelmont." tT,
COO 'Gold Anchor.' "0 nOO Ton Helmont.. «5
20<i Mont Ton ...1 "0 SCO Ton Midway.. 41
300 Mont Ton.. 1 17 >/a 500 Ton N Star.. 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY", Jan. 9— 2 r>. m.
Upha 1 ....... 1-1 Injustice 13 15
AUa ..' d~ 10 Kentuck ..... 04 f6
Andes SS CO Kcyes Graes.' — 175
Belcl^r .:... 56 tWJLady.Wash..'. — CS
Uest & Belch. 2 75 2 S3, Mexican .....3 40 3 50
Bullion 1"> ¦¦' 20 Occidental ... SO —
Caledonia ...I W-l 40 Ophir .7 00 7 12«-i
Challenge Con 37 40 Overman ."-". -SS
Cho'.lar ...... - 3R • 40 : p 0 tosl ....... 3S 40
Confidence ..t 10 120 Pavajre ...... Xt 85
Con C & Va. 2 65 2 70 Scorpion ...... 05 07
Con imperial. C r . .Cti f-e-r Belcher.. 15 20
Con N T .... 12 HSterra»Nev ..12«1?5
Crown ;Polnt. 35. 37) Silver. HIU .. «75 77
Eureka Con.. — r.OISt I^ouls 2R 30
Exchequer'... 32 ."SiSyndicata .... 04 •«
Could'*: Cur. -78 SO. Union Con .;1 «5 KJ0
Hale& Norc. ¦ R5 ;9n;utah. ... 34 37
Julia .,"...:.._ 07? IOiYpMow Jacket 44 40
' • TONOPAH MIMES. .;".,:
Bld.Ask BId.Ask.
Colehan — 19 Ray & OBrien (19 10
Esperanza-...- — 01 Rescue. 04 07
(Sold Anchor. •.- £9 : ¦ — Ton B^lmonti • <!4 • 65
Hannapah ... — . EO Toniof Nev.'.S 25 6 25
Hannapah Mu; — 12 Ton -N Star:. 31 : if,
Mlzpah Ex... — 25 ; T<>h Midway:. 41 42
1 Mont * Ton .'.1- 17*4 l'20| United" Ton..' CS'll
N Y T6n , . . . . — O5'^g»«PMMiaB!fiMH5
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Forty-Seven.
Sbarbaro.lot on N line of Jackson street, 217 :S
W of Lyon, W 40 by'N 127:8%; $10.
Richard Schleve to Annie Schieve, undl\-idcd
half of lot on E line of De Long avenue, 131 S
of Frederick, S 25 by E 85; $10.
Edmund and Annie C. Pennington to George
B. Vaughn, lot on W line of Shotwell street,
155 N of Twenty-first, N 30 by W 122:C; SJO.
Balthes and -Louise Gall to Michael OrlbHn.
lot on SE corner of Twentieth and dlio:well
streets. E 25 by a 95; $10.
O. H. • Greenewald to Mary C. Sullivan, lot
on E line of Folsom street. 212 S of rweaty
thlrd. 8 20 by E 122:C- $10
Jeremiah F. Sullivan to same, same; $10.*
Charles G. and Rose E. Stuhr to William J.
J. and Mary F. McGowan. lot on W line of
b rC Vsr> et l S ° - S Ct Twenty " slxth street, S3
Thomas A. and Annie L. Turner to Thomas
So «<» 1 »n*hton. lot on S line of Valley street,
Tfc £ Sanches. E 25:8 by 8 114; $10.
<^r?,n w d El8l ° Leicester to Rudolph
SpreckcHs. lot on on E line of Kearny street,
fc- S of Sacramento. S 124:3 by E 12G:ti; $10.
iin^VS Bame ' lot on E llne ot Kearny Btreet,
w «o°« E 30, S 7:0. E 95, S 137:5,
v iin« ¦/^ (iS:9 ' w C2:tJ - N " (}:3 : also lot ™
«io v ?- *>^ arn y street, 5O:10^ N of Callfor
5r«™« . 0? ? by E c - :6 : also »°* ° n E lln « ot
S-ipWxf, 8 of Sacramento. S 43. E 30.
bame to same, lo^on W line of Webb Btreet,
v i?r, , T- rcmento ' ateo distant 126:6 from
J> « ia T^ V o aray -" S «2:«. -W 49. N 62:0. E
lu. b 10. E 34; $10.
Same to same, lot on W line of Webb street.
i2 O o^ mento - s 6 "t:8. W 64. N 11:6. E
** ; • E 15 - N °- E 3 *= « - 10
tt*£t°r?-T U r?% 1 £ on S 1!ne °f Sacramento
af£.n w 7 ,? °' Kearny. E SO. S 85. W 15,
B 52:0. W 15, N 137:6; $10
.ff^'r^fi 8 ?? 16 - lot Ol1 8 lln « of Sacramento
tT-V^ tt 5 A N 1 . 37:C - Quitclaim deed; $10.
c. „ ?• C ° B Srltt to same, lot on S llne of
Sacramento street. 02 :« E of Kearny. S 75 by
Tfhb L Ge «rgiana J. Onatlvia (by Union
via I °4? 5 R ? y \ execil tor) to J. Victor Onatl
via. undivided eighth of same; $2300.
vi «? a l las J - Vlctor anrf Julla C. Onatl
)o of. . v J^ hn r, R - and Pauline C. Townsend
ronativla) to Harry H.-Cosgrlff, all of same;
Tomas U Onativla to time, same; $10.
samnaml;-$10 n<1 Antoln ?«» Jf. HowanJ to
San Francisco Union to Henrtetta
?tV^ iS^^f h)> ", lot on H » no of Tayl.r
street. 114:7 N of Suttcr. N 22:11 by 87:6:
T*£?} y T> a 7 d , Countv of San Francisco to Ed
r7y 8W?75.$-_!1 V 80O ... NW Everett. NW 50
n G^?t S 1 S and#Johann * Richmond to Mary
?v»^tw f-r!? °? SE Iin * of Brannan street.
o50 SW of Fourth, SW 25 by SE 120- $10
Mary Hennessy to Joseph Prlester. lot on
hv v/oa 811 , 1 , 1 ! Btreet - 20 SE ot Bryant. SE
,J° h ? an'*?.* Ja P» Purcell^to Jean Roumas,
Jot on B\\ line of Folsom aver.ue, 250 SE of
Folsom street. SB 25 by SW (J2-6- $10
T.M? lom i? n and D °ra Getz to I-Vederlck and
Llllle Wagner, lot on E line of Eleventh ave-
S. Ue Vo«*^l,« ot Polnt Lobo* avenue. N 25 by
William A. and Thomas Magee (trustees of
the estate of Thomaa Magee Sr.. deceased) to
Pv.^^f^^ 00^ 10 * oaAV IIne of Eighteenth
240, N i5 E 120, S 25. B 120; $1500.
i « m u an , d Loul8 « C. Row* to Solomon
and Bernhard Getr. lot on W line of Eleventh
Ey W C 12o7 $10. ° P °' nt L ° bOa aVenue ' S
Solomon. Dora. Bernhard and Rose Geta to
» S m .i ' ftnd LoulBO °- Rowe. lot on W line
i«o Vio avenue> 2T5 N or B 8treet « N 25 bv w
Alice Klein to Solomon Getx. lot on B line
"5 by r E"l^$10 VenUe ' 25 ° S ° f L 8treet ' 3
George and' Bertha Bernotat to Gustavo and
Morgaretha Ecker, lot 36, block C, Park Lane;
$10. •
Ludwlg A. and Henry E. Theiler to Henry
Theiler Br.. undivided 1-3 of lot on SW corner
w i?» e - strcet and San Brun( > road, S 125 by
Solomon and Dora Gets to Nuzio Coscio. lot
15. block B, Gets Addition to Lakeview; $10.
Anna A. Pitman to Anna D. Jooet. lot on E
\}™r*°l E>ou K laas street. 113 N of Ocean road.
N CO by E 120. lot 5, block 21, Market-street
Homestead; $10.
S. Ducas Company. to G«org« Ryan. lot on
W line of Condon street. 74 N of Peralta, N
25 by W 70. lot 9, George Ryan subdivision of
lots 234 to 230, Preclta. Valley: $10.
Eliza A. McLure to Belle J. Mack, Josephine
A. Gordon, James T. McLure, May E. Arthur
and John A. McLure. nil Interest In estate of
John McLure (deceased); gift.
A. H. and Adeiheld G. Schultze to Rudolph
W. Schultze. lot on S line of Fifth avenue,
150 E of K street, E 60 by S 100. lot 239 block
99, Central Park Homestead: $10.
R. W. and Eliza L. Schultze. to August H.
Schultze. lot on S line of Fifth avenue. 100
E cf K street, E 100 by S 100, lot 239. block
89, same; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Theresa A. Oelrichs (owner) with Charles
Stockholm (contractor), architects Reid Bros.,
carpentry work about roof on Fairmont Ho
tel building. In block bounded on W by Ma
son street. N by Sacramento. E by Powell and
S by California; total, $10S0.
Charles K. Harlrey (owner) with Thomas H.
Day's Sons (contractors), architect Reid Bros.,
all work except sheathing; for one-story frame
building (automobile garage) on NE corner of
Golden Gate avenue and Gough street, H
137:6 by N 120; total, $11,500.
Alameda County.
Margaret Powell (widow)" to John Bchwaxz.
lot on NW line of C street. 200 NE of First,
NE 100 by NW 200, Haywarde, Eden Town
ship; $10.
Nellie S. and George P. Allen (husband) to
Frank H. Graham (single), lot on E line off
Adeline street, 418:8 N of Fourteenth. N 60:4
by E 127. block CSS. Boardman's Map, Oak
land; $10.
Letltia J.- Burckhalter (widow)"" to Henrica
Illohan, lot on N line of Fifty-third street 240
E of Park, E 40 by N 120, lot SO, block C, map
of Parson's Golden Gate Tract. Oakland; $10.
Theodore Frank to Pasquale Bruno, lot 6n.
W line of Telegraph avenue, 129.03 N from S
line of plat 49. thenco NE 50 NW 170. -SE
along W line of plat 40 to Ha Intersection with
line NW. from point of beginning, thence SE
to beginning, portion of plat 49, V. and D.
Peralta rancho. Oakland; $10.
Louis and Emilia Slegrlest to same, same;
$10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to Frederick R, Bartels.
lot 2S and W 15 feet of lot 27^ and B 10 feet
of lot 28Vj. amended map of subdivision of
Mcpswood Tract, Oakland: $10.
Olivia Thaler to Lizzie June, undivided V*
interest In lot on NE corner of West Eighteenth
and Cypress streets, E 32:3 by N 104 :9, lot 52,
block COO, Map No. 1. portion .of Scotchler
Tract and vicinity, Oakland; $10. .
EUsn W. Bonea (slnsle) to Cora R. Bones
(daughter), lot on W« corner of East Eleventh
(Jackson) street and Eleventh avenue (Pierce),
NW r.0 by SW 150. East Oakland: also lot
on N W corner of Ninth and Alice streets. N
100 by W 100. lotp 10 to 23. block 122,' Kellcrs
berKer's Map. Oakland; elft.
Western Pacific I^and Company to Anna Me-
Nelll (Mngle). lots 2 to 5, block F. and lot 8.
block B, map of Crystal Springs Tract,-Berke
ley; $2000. v
Berry-Bangs Land Company (corporation) to
A. II. Cole, lot on E line of Hlllegass avenue,
194.25 N of Russell street. N 50 by E 148, lot
10. block I. Berry-Banffs Tract. Map No. 2
(deed and agreement). Berkeley: $10.
Same to\V. L. Glenn, lot on.E line of Htll»
gass avenue, 144.25 N of Russell street, N 50
by E 14S, lot 15, block I, same map, Berkeley:
$10.
Wellington J. and Leonie- . Gregg to Hatlle
Estella Latter, lot on Adeline street. 90 feet
S of Seventh, -S 27 by E 127, block 487. Board
man's map. Oakland; $10.
Albert F. ' and Mary . Connett to Huith
O'Keane, lot on S line of Sycamore street, 150
f««et W of Grove, W .TJ-.l by S 100. being E
33:4 or lot 14, block M. map of W. F. Kel
sey's Tract. Oakland; $10. >'
Thomas H." and Nellie Parry to Mary Walsh,
wife of William, lot on S line of Laurel street,'
158 fwt E of Grovo, E ?>5 by S 135, * lot ¦ 24.
block O. rnap of blocks O, P and L, Kelsey
tract; $10.
Jam»fl S. and Mary T. Stewart to Joseph S.'
and John S. Marshall, lot on S line of Thirty
seventh street, 275 W of Grove, W 50 by S 200,
lot 8, block AI Apgar Tract. Oakland: '$10. .
R. C. Papworth, administrator of the estate
of Hannah Tyler, to F. S. Bodle. all interest
In lot on N lino of Thirtv-second street. 2(>5
feet E of Market; E 33, N 112.23, V» r 33.141.
etc., S rtft.r.2..- portion -of lot 10. block 2041,
Rowland Tract. Oakland; S1025.T -
• Minerva L. and F. S. Bodle to Frank '< TT.
Graham, all Interent in lot on N line ofThlr
ty-jtocond street, 205 feet E of Market. E 33.
N 112.23. W. 13.141, etc.. S 115..T2, portion of
lot 10. Mock 2041. Rowland Tract, Oakland;
$10. . . < y-7
Realty Syndicate to same and F. C. ' Havens,
lot on SW corner of Buena avenue and Hold<»n
street. S 414:2. «te.,-W 1.T3. S 2fi:J). W t ! »4.
etc.. W. IP,;:, S 7:«>i. W-7SC, N T E 560, T? 1453.
to beginning, portion blocks 17 and 23. map
part plat «, Krllersbergcr's eurveyn V. and D.
1'eraUfi ranrho, property or J. S. Kmery. Oak
land; excepting lots 1 and 7 of said block. Oak
land: also,; beginning at intersection of W llr.e
or right of way of Northern Rnilway. formerly
conveyed to Charles Crocker, with N line of Yer
ba Buena avcnu« produced • W, thence W 385 S
715. E 323, N . 71"., block 33. same map/, Oak
land; also, subject ¦ to proportionate amount' of
indebtedness secured by <J62 Deeds, 8, being
$36.8KJ, ptc: S10. " . ;
-Oakland Water' Front Comoany to T. M.
Smith. land bounded on the N by charter line
of 1S52. 1 S by N line land upon which Oakland
Mo'e Is now constructed (said traTTVaa deeded
to C. P. R. R. Co., 180 Deeds. 859), E by W
linn 'Rancho San Antonio. ns finally confirm ed
nnd patented to V. and D.;Peralta by U.;S. >.,
W by shin channel in Bay of • San Francisco,
with certain exceptionfl, Oakland: $10. '
Leah F. Mott to Arthur P." Holland, lot on
S corner of East Nineteenth. street and Twen
ty-sect'nd avenue, i SE 225 by SW - 14O. . lots 10
to 18. block 04, San Antonio; East Oakland; $10.
Eliza J. • Leeds to -Bertha* J.' Walsh. •¦ lot on
N line of Woolsey ptre»t.~ 400 feet W. of Calais,
N_i:'.5,--W 155:11, .S 135:1%, E 152:11. lots 0
to 11, block -G.: map of subdivision of S por
tion, of Harmon Tract, Berkeley; $10.
i Eliza J. -Leeds to Kate L. Coles, lots 0,
block r9, map of Sm!thls<stibdivlslon. part of
Mathews* Tract.' Berkeley ; $5. ¦-,. ¦ .
• Estate . cl , Barbara Decker - (by Joseph Sand,'
extr.). ; to Louisa -Nolte.- undivided -)» of, lot on
N line of Jessie street. 2S0 feet SW-of Seventh,
S W ¦ 20 ; by N W • 73 ; f 1250. • ¦;
' Estate rof James Nolan <by Mary Nolan, Bd
mlnlstratrix). to Mary. McSheehy,, lot on NE
line of Langton street, 130 feet NW of Folsom,
NW 25 by NE 80; $2550. < V'-
Charles Lundberg to Anthony T. and Minnis
Mehl. lot on W line of Hampshire street, 01
feet S of Nineteenth, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Charles II. . and ' Lina Hamdorf to , Sarah
BrodMc. lot onNE corner of -California street
end Tenth avenue. N 45 by E 100: $10.
William and C. T. Nlcol and Aaron Heringhl,
lot en NW corner of California street - and
Eighteenth avenue. W 29 by N 129; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Nicholas
Ileleck. lot on E line of Second avenue, 125 S
of A street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Roman ' Catholic Archbishop of San Fran
cisco to Davis J. and Nellie J. Brown, lot on
NW line of Mission street. 75 SVT of Francis,
SW 25 by NW 100. Academy Tract; $10.
Andrew P. and Emma Nylan to Teadoro
Gladius, lot on S line of Thirty-fourth street.
100 W of Mission, W 25 by S 100. lot 17. block
E. French & Oilman Tract; $2000.
MrrchandLse for Hawaii.
The tteair^r Argyll was cleared yesterday for
Kahu'ul with J.«».000 gallons erode oil. in
' The *ch<<oner H. C. Wright was cleared yes
i.itlav for MaliuUona with an assorted mer
rhandUe txj-ffc, valued ct 512,702 ana including
ll 'v^°bM« r«ur. 10C» ctls barley. 17 ba!-s bay.
«•- *)l^ lbs l»ran. 103 sk« rnldiSllrgs. SO ctls
v he«'* SIAS Jbn besnu. 1279 pl^s groceries and
•Jf-i«'on« 4 c» cennefl coods. 22 aks potatoes.
5- T. 5 okr» •alrar.n, llOO !bs lard. 3^ pkgs
tut!c prcperatlor.s. 3 cs whisky. 15 gals 4 cs
!.._, t Vm- brandy." « drugs, le.000 lbs ce-
P ';.Tt 75bh!» 113? MO bricks, 30 fks coal. 133
! -.. n'tclii-j«-y 1"«9" ' be bre*/!. JS mules. •
"t'i*. barliNohlccn was cleared for Honolulu
. T^VvT «irh an «SJOrt«J cargo valued at
iT-^* TH; r«rKO included the following: .
* -<^b' Jfour 1WA Ib« bt»r.s. 8000 lbs salt.
•>-£? Ite brwd 28. US lbs sugar. 2530 bales
hiv Jo* 17 IbL middUnss. 20 rtls wheat._%«W
fte b'«r WS ct!* barley. 65 ct s corn, 11C0 gal.
Shipping Intelligence.
! ARRIVED. .
Saturday, January 9.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson. 14 hours from
Albion. ~
Stmr Marshfleld, Dettmers. Cl hours from
Ean Pedro.
Stmr- Ceo Looznls./ Badser, :40 houn from
Redondo.
btmr Pomona. Swansen. 23 hours-from.Eu
reka. :-~
Stmr Snn Gabriel. Hamilton. 46 hours from
San P«Iro.
Stmr San Juan. 'Robinson. 25 days 4 hours
fr r.u Panama, via Son Dlas 7 days 4 hours.
Stmr Ccntralia, Ericsson. 10 hours from
Hcdondo.
A Carso for 3Icxlco.
"I he If exi *an ncbo^nT V.'inchester sailed ye«
t»r<l?y for La Paz. Mexico, with a general mcr
. Vn'.yU> r rergo valued at $C02C The cargo In
cluded 2C.5CJ ft lumber, 450 bdl« sbooks, 40
,.,,;; s rope, 10 bales oakum. 2S bales duck. 22
W!* va.rr. 5 pk«» ehip chandlery. 72 pkgs
biilldins; tii*t»rUI. 2S pkgn raitls. ::4 pkgK patnta
*n<J rtls. 3 pUsv di-ugH. biil» wire. 172 bdls
vti'ngler. <¦¦••'• la!*-.- Lay. 100 I bis <-«ni^r.t, 6 ctls
liurley. 65 tat* ps«<\ :5 4>O pals wine. 28 cs sal
mim. .';8 cs canned coods. IC fcalcs bass, "5 pkga
inachlr.er}' anJ C pkes groceries and provisions.
Steamer. Destination. Bails. Pier.
January 10.
Czarina.... Coos Bay 12 tn Pier 8
Centrallx. . . Grays Harbor " . . . . 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata Coos ¦ B-Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. S am Pier 11
January 11. I
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPler 2
Iaqua Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Coronado... Los Angeles Ports. S pm Pier 10
Queen Puget Sound Port?. 11 am Pier 9
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 8
Jcnuarv 12.
Elirabeth.. Coquille River Pier 20
W. Kruger. Lo S Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay. . . Pan Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
' * January 13.
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
January 14.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Monica. . Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Spokane.... Humbcldt 1:30 p PK»r v
Porno rt. Arena A Albion 6 pm Pier 2
EtateCal.. Kan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
¦ Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma,. S pm Pier 20
Chlco Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 2
January 15. - . >
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Coptic China Ik Japan.... I pm Pier 40
Serbia Hamburg & Way. 12 ,m Pier 13
* January 16.
Pt. Arena.. It. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Plef 2
Botita Newport £ Way.. 9 am Pier 11
San Juan.. N. .T. via Panama. 12 m Pter 40
City Puebla Pueret Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Rival W ilia pa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
January 18.
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului. 2 pm Pier 25
Col'ju.ma.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
January 21.
i;rratllla... Puget Sound Ports. II am Pier »
J. Dollar.. . Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am I Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPler 10
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm|Pier 7
FROM SEATTLE. ~
Steamer, 'For. Balls."
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 10
Al-Ki Skagway tc Way Ports. Jan. 10
Dolphin Kkagway & Way Ports. Jan 1°
Cottage Clty.i Skagway Sz. Way Ports. Jan. . 15
Santa Aja*... ' Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 16
Jear.ie :.. Cooks In'.et & Way Pts.lJan. 20
XEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchant?.
The French bark Marecfcal de Vlliars sailed
y^Fterday for Queenstown. for orders, wltn 66,
r.fr, ct!s wheat., vaiuw) at $93,000. and 24,000 ft
lumber as <!jnnago. valued &t $309.
Charters.
Zh* British ship MozaniblQM (on Puget
Kcurid) Is chartered for lumber thence to Val
paraiso, for orders (Pisagua, Range), at 80s;
• Jrnr.iii chsp • ii'.kla. pame business from Puget
Hound to Sydney or Newcastle at 27s <Sd. with
«l4ion of Air! bourne. Adelaide or Port Pirie, at
:><¦ 0d — 'hnrt^-red prior to arrival.
The British «-:hip Duchsiburn proceeds to
Ken castle, Australia, in ballast.
Exports to German Oceanlca.
Tif German schooner Neptun was cleared
vf.vnlay for Jaluit. Marshall Islands, with 250
n tinuv. 578 cs canned goods. 100 ca 6 half
li,:> *^Imon, C7 pks* groceries and provisions.
n;»3 Its bread. 20 crts potatoes, 34,021 ft lum
ber. 13.200 gals dletllLate. 2 boats. & bales
t.p.-!n«, 2 cs electrical euppiies. 1 cs drugs, 9 cs
»-< rr>. 1* cs tiynamite and 2 cs caps and fuse,
valued at £Q08. •
Peru Sails for Panama,
Tbe Panflc Mail Company* s steamship Peru
vailed yesterday for Panama, with a full cargo
and r.Inety-tvo passengers, of whom twenty
•ix were Cbiaese.
The Overdue List.
The x-essels posted for reinsurance were quot
»-} jysterday as follows: Paris, $5 per cent;
Fracceeco Giuseppe I. Artemis. La Fontaine
and Jeanne Cordonnier. 10 per cent; Martaban,
£5 per cent; Loch Bredan. 80 per cent.
Schooner Newark Returns.
The gasoline rchocn»r Newark, which sailed
Frlfiay. returned to port yesterday on acccunt
of disabled machinery.
Improvements on Siberia.
Fer the comfort cf passengers, the Pacific
Mail Company equipped the staterooms of the
liner Siberia during her last stay In port with
• n additional washstand in every stateroom.
Wb«i the Korea arrives a similar addition will
.be made to her already numerous devices for
rr.akinr life at fi as luxurious as possible.
Alameda Sails for Honolulu.
• • The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Ala.
tneda. sailed yesterday for Honolulu with a full
r'argo and passer.gers, among whom were the
* following r.am*4:
George D. Clsgett. Frank H. Grace. C. I.
Gallagher. W. W. Gilluly. Mrs. Gllluly. F. J.
Herer. G. H. Hellman. Mrs. Hellman. P*. B.
IIpH. S!r«. Holt. Frank J. Hare. C. F. Lehners.
J E. U tiler. E. A. P. Newcomb. Miss S. L.
NtT.comb, Jim. George A. Ordway and child.
E. N. Shaw, F. 6. Fhoup, Mrs. C. F. True end
two children, W. Walsh and G. H. Whitney.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. 8. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office. U. B. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January 8. 1904. '
To Peru — I pkgs mining machinery.
To New York— 33.934 gals wine. 15,550 lbs
dry hides. 1S.W2 lbs grease wool, 78 bales Junk.
The steamer Peru sailed yesterday for Pana
ma and way ports with a general merchandise
carjo valued at $97,40C, to be distributed as
folloivr: For Mexico. 55S20; Central America,
?C2,047; Parama, S2446; Colombia, $6333; Ecua
dor, $012; Pefu. $:>»C; New York. 518,617; Ger
many, $200. The leading exports were as fol-
To Mexico— 100 flasks Quicksilver, 800 lbs
raisins. 4 pkgs groceries and prorlsions. C c*
drugs. 4 pkgs bicycles and sundries, 1 bbl am.
n-.onla. 0 pkgs acid, 10 pkgs paints and oils, 1
jjkg machinery.
To Central America— 5045 bbls flour, 4533 lbs
2 cs eplces, 42C2 lbs 1 cs raisins. 2351 lbs dried
fruit. 2CS1 gals 40 cs wine, 22 cs beer, 10 c*
champagne, li) gals 60 cs whisky, 14 cs mineral
water, 125 cs canned goods, 101 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 14S ca salmon. 460 lbs nut?. 43
pkss puste. 7345 lbs codfish, 13 pkgs onions,
106 pkga potatoes, 1S40 lbs lard, 20 pkga fresh
fruits «nd vegetables. 43S lbs ham and bacon,
b50 lb« rice, :;<X» lbs cheese, 776 lbs mlllstuOs,
20,0tt2 lbs parafCne wax, 10 cs turpentine. 12
cs paints, 51 bbfs 51 cs oils, 100 bales cotton,
52 pkgs dry coods. 64 pkgs tank material, 41
pkgs wire, C7^> lbs cyanide potassium, 42 pkgs
machinery, 14 pkgB leather. 130 cs coal oil, 50.
878 lbs tallow, 20.000 lbs cement. 97 bales
burs, 89 flasks quicksilver. 3456 feet lumber.
To Panama — 200 bbls flour. 610 gals 2 cs
wine, 17 rtkgs groceries and provisions, 1037 lbs
sugar, 101 ca canned goods, 30 cs salmon. 50
pkgs potatoes, 23 cs bread, 5 pkgs naval stores,
7 bxs wrap, 2 cs dry goods.
To Coloiabia— -33S bbis flour. 272S gals 4 cs
wine. -- cs eaimon, uc bxs soap, 11S0 lbs rais
ins. 142S lbs epices. 22 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 33 cs canned goods, 300 lbs mlllstuffs,
171 cs Whisky, 4S pals brandy, 1200 lbs lard.
To Ecuador— 53 bbls flour, 29S6 lbs lard, 4 cs
wine. 90 pkgs groceries and provisions, 3 cs
boots and ehoes.
Kiports by Panama Steamer.
5 cs wine. 10O bbls beer, 275 gals vinegar, 75
C9 cannrt K»'oJs, 13 pkgs paints and oils,
bills 415 bars iron, 325 bxs soap. 3011 lbs soda
&:«) gal? distillate, 100 bbls lime. 2 cs boots and
shoe«, ;; cyls pas, 2 cs dry goods, 3 bars steel,
1 pkc machinery. 9 bdls paper. , V,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Schr Mary Dodre, Ol»cn, 43 hour* from
Eureka.
- CLEARED.
:}'?£* Saturday, January 9.
Sfmr Peru. Macklnnon. Panama - and way
ports; Pacific Mall Steamship Co.
Stmr Alameda. Dowdell. Honolulu ; J "D
Sprecke!* & Bros Co.
Stmr Argyll, Gilboy, Kahulul; Union Oil Co.
Ship Susquehanna, Watts, Iillo; Welch
& Co.
Baric Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu; Welch
Ic Co.
Schr H C ¦Vfricht, Nielsen, Mahu'.tona; The
Chasr Nelson Co.
Ger echr Neptun. Melnholz, JaJulta; Wil
liams, Uimond & Co..
SAILED.
Saturday. January *•
Btmr Eureka, Jeisen, Eureka.
Btmr Alameila.*Dowdell. Honolulu.
Stmr Peru, Macklnnon, Panama.
Stmr Marshllold, Dettmers, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller. Mendocino.
Stmr Aurelia, Erlckson, Portland* '
Stmr Coquille River, Sanford, Crescant City.
Fr bark Marechal de Villard, Rioual, Queens
town.
Bktn Echo. Tounr, Columbia River.
Bktn Aracro, Semsen. Wlllapa Harbor.
Bktn J M Grifflth. -Arey, Port Hadlock.
Schr Orient. Sanders. Port Anseles.
Schr Oakland, Ewart, TiUamook.
ilex schr Winchester; Gilbert. La Pa«.
RETURNED.
Saturday. January 0.
Schr Newark. Reinertsen. hence Jan S for
Stewarts Point, on account of machinery belnf
disabled off Point Reyes, Jan 8, 9 p m.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 9. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. < ;
> EUREKA — Arrived Jan 9 — Stmr Spokane,
nence Jan 8: stmr Noyo, hence Jan 8; stmr
W H Kruger, hence JainT; Etmr Scotia, henco
Jan 7. - „ I -
Sailed Jon 9— Stmr« North Fork and Pho«
nix, for San Francisco.
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived Jan 8— Stmr Del
Norte, hence Jan- 6.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Umatilla,
hence Jan S. 8 — Stmr Santa Barbara, hence
Jan 5; etmr Valencia, from Skacway.
Arrived Jan 9 — Stmr Diritro, from Skaffway.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Jan 9— Schr Lottie
Carson, from Eureka. *
PORT HARFORD— Sailed. Jan 9— Stmr Bo
nlta, for San Pedro. *
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr South Coast,
hence Jan 8.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 9— Stmr Aberdeen,
for Portland, bence Jan 5.
PAIRHAVEN- Arrived Jan 8— Schr C A
Thayer. from Wlnslow.
ALCATRAZ LANDING — Sailed Jan 8— Stmr
Rosecrans, for Honolulu.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 9— Stmr Edith, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Jan 9 — Stmr Mackinaw, hence Jan 4.
Arrived Jan 9 — Stmr San Mateo. hence Jan ft.
FORT BRAGO — Sailed Jan 9 — Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
POINT 1X3 BOS— Passed Jan. 9— Stmr Alca
traz, from San Pedro, for Greenwood.
TATOOSH— Passed in Jan 9— Schr Robert
Searle, from San Pedro, for Port Gamble.
Passed out Jan 9— Stmr Edith, from Ta
coma. for San Francisco: 6Chr Admiral, from
Port Gamble, for San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 8— Ship Wm P
Frye. hence Dec 24.
Palled Jan 8 — Schr Mahukonav for Kahulul.
Jan 9 — Br stmr Miowera. for. Sydney.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA. B C— Sailed Jan 8— Nor stmrs
Hero and Tellua, for San Francisco.
MALTA — Arrived Jan 7 — Br stmr Braemar,
from New York for Manila.
ANTWERP— In port Dec 24— Br ship Slxtus,
for San Francisco.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Jan 4— Fr bark Mon
tebello for San Francisco. -
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Deo 19— Ger stmr Si
lesia, for Hamburg. 17 — Ger stmr Luxor, for
Hamburg.
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Sailed Jan 8 — Bark Sea
Kin?, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Heath
dean*, from San Francisco and Tacoma. via
Yokohama, etc.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Jan 9— Stmr
Hyades, from Seattle. *
ST VINCENT— Arrived Drlor to Jan » — Oer
stmr Silefla, hence Sept 2, for Hamburg.
• OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 0— Stmr La Cham
pagne, for Havre; stmr Mesaba, for London;
stmr St Louif. for Southampton, via Plymouth
and Cherbourg;: etmr Pennsylvania, for Ham
1 burg:; stmr Prinzessin Victoria Louis«, for St
1 Thomas; stmr Mongolian, for Glasgow; stmr
Ivernla, fcr Liverpool; stmr Calabria, for Mar
seilles. Genoa, etc; Etmr Sicilian Prince, for
Genoa and Naples.
The stmr New Yorlc. from Southampton and |
Cherbourg:. Is In communication with Nan
tucket HehtshiD at 6:50 p m.
Stmr La Savoie. from Havre, In communica
tion with Nantucket lightship at 9:30 p in.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Jan 9 — Stmr Auranla,
from Trieste. Flum*. for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Jan 9— Stmr St Paul,
from Southampton, for New York.
NAPLES — Sailed Jan 0 — Stmr Peruela, for
New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Rot
terdam, from New York.
Sailed Jan 9 — Stmr Amsterdam, for New
York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Jan fi — Stmr Georgia,
from New York; Etmr Canadian, from Boston,
via Portland, Me.
Sailed Jan 9— Stmr Lucania, for New York.
3 QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Mer
lon, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Jan 9— Stmr St
Paul, for New York.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed Jan 8— Stmr
Main, for Bremen.
•LIZARD — Passed Jan 10. 1:55 a m — Stmr
Philadelphia, from N«w York, for Southamp
ton. Plymouth and Cherbourg. •
The following table elves a oomparatlv*
atalement for two years of the estimated flow
of certa.ln California rivers in cubic feet per
second, or second feet, one second foot equal*
inr 50 California miner's inches, or about 40
Colorado miner's inches. The figures for th«
last year may be revised by later measure
merits. The figures are, by S. O. Bennett,
hydrorrapher. United States Geological Survey:
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT U GRANGE.
Second Feet. 1
DATE. i
1002. 1903.
December 27 750 260 '
December 28 660 300
December 2» -650 /„. 2»0'
December 30 :.... 560 280
December SI SGO 27".
1SKH. 11(04.
January 1 -, 560 340
January 2 , 4S0 340 -
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON.
Second Feet.
DATE. ¦
1902. 1003.
December 27.... 2&£20 10,790
December 28 2O20 10.470
December 29 17.500 0,850
December 30 15,580 0,250
December SI 15,580 10,4*0 ,
190.1. 1SHM.
January 1.... 14,500 10.790
January 2. 13,110 10,470
K1.NGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
~ Second Feet.
DATE. - — —
1902. 1903.
December' 27.. 480 285
December 23 620 278
December 20 44O 268
December SO.. 440. ;26S,
December 31 400 268
lDft3. l!)04. >¦
January 1 400 2G8 '
Januarys 400 : 26S
' TULE RIVER, NEAR PORTERVILLE.
I /Second Feet.
DATE. — —
1932. 1903.
December 27 .67 SO v
December 28. 64 30
December £9 «l 30
December 30........ 57 '30.;-
December 31 r.S so
W03 1901
January 1 fit : 30 • .
January 2 40 30
FLOW OF CALIFORNIA RIVERS.
When the British ship Eurasia left
•here December 13 che -was sound of
ppar and hull. She was bound for the
United Kingdom and seemed fit in
every respect for the long trip and in
condition under ordinary circumstances
to give a sood account oi herself In any
l:ind of battle the elements might offer.
• She was still in good condition at 2:43
p. m. of December 21. when in latitude
ZZ 40 north, longitude 120 40 west, a
trusty, easterly wind about-faced and j
went roarinsf % in the opposite direction.
When the wind changed the Eurasia's
sails had to be shifted to conform with
tho new state of affairs. The order was
Klveh, the braces were manned and
•about 2:*0 p. m. the Eurasia's sailors
were haulins round the yards. There
was a eudden crash, and in less time
than it takes to tell the Eurasia's spar
ac.d canvas scheme was in a writhing
tangle. The vessel came limping back
to. port early yesterday morning, and
will have to undergo extensive repairs
aJeft and on deck before she rseumes
•&er voyage.
• The origin of the trouble was the
carrying away cf the sling of the main
"'yiird. which snapped as the spar was
being hauled around. The rest of the
chapter reads like the story of the
' house that Jack built, inverted. The
of the sling left the main yard
' inn to obey the law of gravity. In its
downward flight it brought the lower
ard upper topsail yards, breaking the
-latter eps.r into two pieces. The tum
bling Epars smashed the lower cap and
•fell with damaging force against the
mainstay and foretopsail braces.
.The mainsail, lower topsail, up
per topsail. topgallant sail and
royal were ripped into rags, and
the whole tangled collection showered
in an avalanche to the deck, while the
terrified seamen hunted cover and in
fearful anticipation awaited other hard
ware showers from the other masts.
Clearing the wreckage was a terrible
task, to which the rolling of the ship
added tenfold. All the tangled gear had
to be thrown overboard, and when the
tack was completed Davy Jones' locker
had been equipped with a wholesale
supply of Junk, which included nearly
all the Eurasia's canvas^
' The bulwarks and rail were damaged,
the deckhouse injured and the main
pump put out of business in the tug-
Blng and tearing necessary to clear
«.way the wreckage. A survey showed
that the cap of the lower mast had
been broken and stays and rigging gen
erally bo badly strained that Captain
' Hughes followed his mate's advice and
put back to this port for repairs.
: Tn his report of his troubles Captain
Hughes makes no mention of the fact
that the liner Mariposa offered assist
ance, nor does he give any reason for
* his failure to acknowledge the steam
ship's signals. This seeming discour
' tesy on the part of the British skipper
?will probably receive some attention
at. the investigation which the under
" writers will make.
British Ship Eurasia Gets the Worst of a Sudden 7 Shift in the
Wind's Direction and in. a Few Seconds- Her Sailors Are
Dodging Writhing Steel Ropes and Tangled Marine Hardware
BREAKING SLING SENDS TO THE DECK
AN AVALANCHE OF SPARS AND CANVAS
THE SAN.; FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10/ 1904.
46
XAILWAY TBAVEL.
1 CALIFORNIA «.l
| LIMITED TO CHICAGO f
I LEAVES DAILY v 3
9 at !):flO a. za... tirouj-a la ;t days. 3
1 witli direr and all trapping's. 3
Other Santa r« Tralat:
7 :30 a. m. 1 tor Stockton. Fresno. BakersO^Id,
1) :30 a. m. i Merced. Hanford and VlsaUa,
8:00 p. m. J
4 :CO p. ra. for Stockton. _-*/ <
8:C0p m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET orriCS — 641 Market St., aad
Perry Depot, S. F. Also 1X13 Broad-
way. Oakland. CaL 27 Sontb Tlris
St.. Saa Jo»o. - —
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Msin Line. Toot of Market Btrcct.)
*i.»i.t» — Fkom Dtcm»»» a. 1»C3. — Am»rr»
"'7 00*. V»c«vllle. Wlatert. Kuuwey... 7.6S»
7.00a Beatda, Salsuo, Elmtrs sad Bscrtp
mectu i «•*"
7J0a V»ll«Jo. N»P*. Callstogs, Santa
Iloia. MartJaei, Ssn Rsmon 6.25*
7.3DA Nils*. Ltrermore, Tracy. Lathrop.
Stockton ;•— #«*•»
•.00a Sh»it» Kxpr««»— (Via „©»?••>.
Wllltsm* (for BarUett Sprlnss).
"Willows, tfrato. Ued BlaS.
Portland. Taooma. Seattls 7-83F
•.00a D»tU. Woodland. Kn!;hti Lsadtat,
JitrTsvllle, Oroirnie 7.51»
•.30a Port Costa. Martlaei. AaUoch.
Byron, Tracy. Stockton. !. air-
man, Los Baaos. Mendota,
Armona, Haiford. Vlsalla,
PorterrlUe ..-..• *JS»
t-iQx Port Cost*. Mwtlaei, Tracr. L»tl»-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
Oosa«a Junction, Hanford,
Vlsalla. Bakersfleld ' ?•»»»
»^0a Nlles. 8»a Jo«e. Ll»ermore. Stock-
ton. (tMi!tan>. lone. Sacramento,
FJacerrtlle. Marjirille. Cbtco.
Rsd Btaff •-• 4-2S*
830i OaWdale. ClJtnes*. Jamestown. ¦»•._, -
nora, Taolnmne sad Angals ..$¦«*
3 00* At!antioExpT<M»— O«dea sadist. 11.25a
8.30a Richmond, Martinez and Way
Station* ¦-63»
1000a The Overland Limited — Ordan.
Denrer. Omana, Chicago. .§•*!»
1000a. Vallejo_ ttlM
1300* Loi Anpeles Pswuag-er — Port
Costa, Martinez, Byroa, Tracy,
Latbrop. Stockton. Merced,
I:»f tnoa 4. Fresno, Goshea Joac-
tloa. Uanford, Leswore, Vlsalla,
Baker*fleld. Los Angelas ZQ P
18.00m Hay-ward. Nlles and Way SUttoas. S.23*
t'.OOr SacrameatoRlTer Steamers. tH.OOJP
J.oOr BenicU. TTlnter*. Saeramettto,
TToodland. Knight* Landing.
MaryiTUle. OroTilla tnd wty
•Uttons '2"fl^
J.30r Haywsr1.jn:es and Vf ay Buttons.. 74»
S30p Port Costa. Martinez, Byroa,
Trtcy, La tUr op. Modesto,
Merced, Fresno an* Way St»-
tlons beyond Port Cotta 12.28*
S-SOr Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10-25 a
4XQr Martlnez,S«nlUmon.VaUeJo,irtpa,
Csli»tfS». 3aiU.>r.o!t.v 9 25k
400r HHes. Trtcr. Stockton. Lodi <•?}*
4 30r Usyward. Nlles, Irrtngton. Saa S tS.eoA
Jose. LlTeranore 1 tl 1.55a
BCOp The Owl LUnited— Sownssn, Los
isanos. Mendoio. Frenao. Tolaro,
BakxrsOeld. Lo» Angolet.
Golden State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Aageles, for CM-
ca?o. via C. B. I. A F 8.55*
6.00r Fort Costs. Tracy, Stockton 12-25?
t6 30p Ilaywnrd. KCea ami San Joi« 7-25*
S.OOp Hlyw»rd. Xliesanil San Jose 955a
6-C3P Kir.tern Exi>re»»— OsUen. DanTer,
Omaha, St. Loci*. Chicago (in i
Kasu Tort Co«t«. Ctnlcta. Bul-
i'in. rimlrs, Ditrts. Sacramento,
Rucklln, Aabara. Cull'..,
Truckee, Coca, Reno, V._J*-
worta. Wlnuenancct 5 25p
6.00p Vtllejo. dsl'.y, except. Scaday.... i ¦» c-,-
700p Vtllejo, Sunday ouly f *•»••'
7X0p Klchmond. san Pablo. Port Coita,
Mftrttnsz 804 W»j Stations 11.23a
I-CSp Orpzon * Ciiiforaln Express— Sac-
ramento, Marjuvllle. Reddlar.
Purtlaad. Paset Soanii aod Bait. 8-55 a
8.1 Or Iltywtrd. KUes tnd Saa Jo*e (Sun-
dtToaly) : 11.S54
COAST LINE (.Itrrow Usage).
(foot of Market Street.) -
S.I 6a Newark. Centerrllle. San Jo««.
Felton. r.oulner Creek, Saats>
Cms and War Station* 5 S5»
t2-15i" Hawark. CentnTrllle. Saa Juts,
New Alma'iien.Los Gato*. Felton.
Bou'.rier CrreX. Earns Crua tnd
Principal Wty Butloni tlO-534
4.15* Newtrfc, SanJotc, LcsUttoa tnd j ?355*
waystatlonx I $10 55 a
«9 30r nnnters Tratn. Samnlay only. San
Jose and V« nj Stations, netarn-
log from Lo< Gatow 8»m«<»r only. 17 2Br
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SAN J-liANClSCO, ioo* of Market rit. <Si:»«l
—17:15 »:00 11:(::)*.m. 100 3 CO 5-15 r.x.
From OAKLAND. Voot of.nrot«lway — t«:<X> &:*
tt:O> I0:QUa.ii. 1 2 00 200 4.00 r.u.
COAST LI NE (Broart «a»^»».
iiT (Taint »nU lo\tBitn«! S;reet».)
8-10* 8«» Jose «nd W»y St»t\m.. 6-30*
/ 00* San Joae ai«i Wi«y Station* ... 5-33*
800a Hew Almaden (Tucs., fTU\., inly), 4.10*
8 00a The Coaster— Stops only &ac Joae,
GUroy (Connection for Holilt-
ter). Ptjtro. Ct»troTi::c (con-
nection to tnd from Moaterey
tnd Pacific GroTe), Btlinas, Baa
Artio. Paso Robles. Santu Mar-
C»r!t», San Luis Obiipo. priaeipal
. stations thence Surf (connectloa
for Lomjtoc). principal stations
thence Santa Barbara,San Buentr
Tenturt, Saosas. Los Angeles... 1M9P
O.COa fi«n Jone. Tres Plnot, Ctpttola,
EtnttCra2.PtctacGroTe.9aIlntt,
San Lnts Oblspo tnd Principal
"Wty Station* 4.19F
10.30a Ean Joae and Way Stations 1.20T
11 -10a Santa Clara, Han Joae. Lo< Gttot _
and "Way St»tloo» 7-30t>
1-30* San Jo»e and Way Stations ... .... t -5S-t
J.liOr Del Monte Expreis— Santa CItrt,
Etn Jote, Del Monte, Moiterey,
Pacific Grove (connects tt S*.ita
Clara for Santt Cruj. Boulder
Creek asd N'arrowGanse Points)
x at GUroy for Holllster. Tres
Plnoi. at CaatmTl-.le far Salinas. 12.19*
3-30P TreaPinos Way Pa«»«)nce». ........ 10 4S*
4 30p ban Joae and Way Stations. ....... tS CO*.
t5 00r S*n Joeflk (Tis S«nt» Cl»ra) Los
Gttos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sundtr) tS.GQfc
{6-3Cr StnJ**etn(fPrlnci?a:waySutIoni |§.4«U
tltir Sunset Limited.— Ksdwood. Sta
Jose, Gllroy,?tlina«.Ptso Eoblet,
Sta Luis ObUpo. iiaati Barbara.
Los Ac jte>». I'rmlnr. Kl Faaot
New Orl-an». New York. Con-
. necU at Pajaro for Santa Crna
and at CaatrOT|ll« for Ptclatt
Groye tnd Wty Button* 7-1S*
rf-Ur £tu Mateo, 8ere*rord,Be:m«nt,Sta
Carlos. Uodwood. Ftlr Oakt,
MeoloPtrlr. Palo Alto t5.44*
8 JOp S«n Joss tnd Way Stations B-3&*
8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Statical 10.15*
il.-JCr tionth 3«nFr«art«co. M;i:fcr«e. Bnr-
'Ingtme, San Slateo. Belznont,
Sao Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and PaloAlto 8.4»»
alVSOr lltyfleld, Muuuuln view, Sucny-
vale, Ltwrcnce, Stnta Cltra tnd
SanJote t3.4Sj
A lor Morntnir. P f»r Aftemoon.
1 Snnday exnent«it t Snnday only,
a Saturday only.
| Stop* at all station* oa Sunday.
CV'Only trato* stopping at Valencia St- ftonthhom
»r-S: 111 4.M.,T:!X < i.M.. 11:30 i.K.,;:;»r.«,S;ajr,«.ui
t:OQ p.m.
gpgSKiESwp? TOSANRAFAEU
H^^^^ ROSS VALLEY, .
|J5?3S?^^2^^ iulLL VALLEY*
CAZADERO, Etc*
auburbau SeTvlce. Staoaard onu^e iuiccirtu—
Depart from San Francisco EUUjr— 7 :0o s:w»,
'|».<W 10:00. J1:C« a. m. 12:20. J :«. Z:\i. 4:14.
ft-18 «:15 7:0O 8:45. 10:-0. lt:4» p. m.
! FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Dally— a:23 «:M. 7:40. 8:S3, 0:35. U:0i v
!m.. 13:20. 1:45 2:53. 3:45. 4:«. B:45. e:4ft.
' 8*43 10:20 V- m.
; FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN.
CISCO— Dally— 5:45. «:». 7:52. »:55. 9:3JL
U?JoaT ra. 12:S5 2:00. 3:13. 4:CS. 5:03. «:ui
< 7-05 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
1 THROUGH TRAINS.
;: *:CO a m. dai:> — Cazadero and way station*.
i ft:)3 p. n»- week days (Saturday* exctptsdj—
Tom«le* and way *t*tlon«.
3:13 p. «n. Saturdays— Cazadero and way tu-
tlons
Sunday* only— 10 t. tn.. Point Reyes M a4
¦ wty stations.
TICKET OKFtCE— q?« Market «t-
I FBrjTtT— Cnlon Depot._f oot_o f Mark* a*.
Wt. Tamalpais Railway
j l.ea\v ~ Ti» Sj»tlito ferry Krriv* '
I San Frar.dsco T*: tt Xtrlti b. San Fraadaco.
i W*el; Son- ' Sun- I Week*
i
"Z" l-45p >f^^ «:}Opt:»0»
•BatnC wltt gtap t» gtiaaaurt TDi«w Ouzo
S£Sx l 6^,^ ARitKT ST -( N o^ Sbot« ict.lr^r
i imC23 1 and Siusaujo r'*u *y. Foot MariMC St.
(.WEEKLY CALL, §1.00~PEE~YiBAB,
|PLAG£ YOUR "'rOE^S EARLY^
|p20ill CENTURY]
Another shipment will >
arrive about January 21, ',
1904. !
In order to satisfy the 1
demand for this premium
vre have ordered another
carload of these books,
and all persons sending to i
Hie Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a six
months' subscription to I
v Tho Dally and Snnday
Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium
rate of 50c.
**** gxlll - ki '* J "'ttlflTiai'- l TirLTii'f''TggrggiMCJirxo|l
I Oal-oMown subscriber* staid rimH | \
I 20c iddilbnil to prepay tnasporiaiiin Hi
OCEAH* TBAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran*
¦ citco aa follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
Juneau. Ilalnes, Skaguay.
?tc. Alaska— 11 a. in.. Jan.
2. 6. 11. 16. 21. 2«. 31. Feb.
6. Change to company's
¦teamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Jan. 2. 4.
: 11. IS. 21. 2C, 31. Feb. 8. Change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. Is*. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.:
, at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Eay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Jan. 5. 11. 17. 23. 2». Feb. 4: Corona.
1:30 p. m., Jan. 2, 8. 14, 20. 26, Feb. 1.
-Tor Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo)." Ean Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Ron, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State cf California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
Fcr Los Acgeles (via San Pedro and East
Ean Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa. Crua. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Huenem«.
Coos Bay, 0 a. m., Jan. 4, 12. U0. 28. Feb. S.
Bonita. 9 a. m., Jan. 8. 16. 24. Feb. 1.
For Enyenada, Magdalena Bay. San Joss de!
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. tn.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — ? New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market str««t and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street. <•
C. D. DUNAKN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. Saa Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
Columbia sails Jan. 18. 23, Feb. 7. 17, 27.
March 9 and 19. George W. Elder sails Jan.
13. 23, Feb 2. 12. 22. March 4 and 14. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR.. a»d short
rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST R. -~ES. ; Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept., 1 Montgomery St.: C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Act. Freight Dept., 3 Mont-
gomery st.
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Stearrcrs will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan struts, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hiono), Nasra.
eakl and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
konf with steamer* fcr India, etc. Nj cargo
received on board on day of sailing.
8. S. AMERICA MARU
Monday, January 23. 19W
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday, February 17, 1904
B. 8. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. March 15. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.* For freight and passage apply »t Cora-
D«ny'i office. 421/Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
« <? so"JOM *. for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Jan. 21 2 p. m.
<s S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Jan. $0. 11 a.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Feb. 11, 1004.
illPK KE18 ft KH.tt., Ajti..Tcfct Ma.643 Eotta
H£!Cfl!u.UI BuWlt. Per Si 7. Pofit It
COMPAQNIS QSSEBALE TBANSATLA5TIQUI.>
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,a«g*
Sailing every Thursday Instead of $£& Jf>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. See-
md c i a sa to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
FPAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New Yorkl J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacl3c Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare' Island and VaUejo Steamer*.
i Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
t 0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
' Sunday. 9:45 *. ni.. 8:30 p. m. Leave VaUejo.
I 7 a. m., 12:30 and 6 p. in., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare, 60 cents. TeL
, Main IMS. Pier 2. illsslon-st., dock. HATCH
j BROS.
I EAHWAY THAVEX*
I CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCIatO akj SUHTH PACIFIC
BATLWA7 COMPANY.
Tllrarca ferry, Foot ot Market 3treet.
SAW 7KAXTCXSCO TO SAW BAIAE1.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 0:10. 0:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 p, m. . _.
. Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:0O. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30,
3:30 5:00 8:2O, U:30p. m.
' SAJBf ' HAP A El. TO SAN TSAHCXSCO.
I WEEK DATS-«:0\ 7:35. 7:60. 9:20. 11:19
I a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 6:20 p. m.
1 . Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:03 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:<*>. 9:40. 11:15 a. in.; 1:40. 3:40.
I 4:53. R:05. 6:25 p. m.
' Leave I In Effect I Arrlvn
; San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1003. |3an Francis-re.
! !\>*k 1 Sun- I D««tlna- I Sun- I Week
; Days. I days^J tlon. \ daya. I I>ay».
I .~7l30 al 8:00~a 9:10 a 8:4Oa
I f 0:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
j 3:30 p 3:30p «:C.ip 6:C0 p
1 5:C0p . 7:25 p
j 7 -30 a i »:10al »:40»
i S:0Oa ' Nova to. 10:4ft a|l<>:20 »
S:.*K)p »:.toa Petaiuma «:«i p! «::» 9
I 5:10 p ::::irtp I and 7:S5pj
j 5:00 p Santa Rosa. I
7-30 a . 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fultoa. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8 :30 p 3 :.".O p ¦¦_ •¦' ¦
~~~ I Windsor.
7:S0a 8:00 al He»ld?burar. 10:40 a 10:20 a
ILytton.
r;»yservlll-. 7:33 p 8:»» I
CloverJale.
! *7:30 alltTooal Kopland. 110:40 » 1 10:20 a i
' S:S-Jpl_3_:30p!_. and Uk!ah_ 1^7 :33_p|JI :20_p !
! *7':r>o'ai"i:00 »17 ~:1Villlt».' 1~^T :33*pt g^O*p :
i "VTSoal 8:00«l 110:40 a[10:20 a* :
! n :ZO pi S :30 y>I Guerneville. |7:35p!6:20p
j -I -no a! S:0O at . Sor.omm. " I 9:10 al fl:4Oa
I *6:lOp( 5:C0p| Glen Ellen. I 6:05 Fj «:20p
I 7:30 at 8:00 a I 110:40 a|10:20 a
I 5:30 pi 3:30 pi Sebastopol. I 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
! STAGES connect at Green Hrae for San
, Quentln: at Santa n«N» . for Whit* . Sulphur
fcpriiifr.: at Fulton for" Altruria and Mark Wmi
I Springs: at Lytton for Lyiton Sprtntra; at u«y.
srrville for Stamps Springs: at Cloverdal- far
• the Geysers Boonevllle ffnd Greecwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. HUhlan.1 Springs
Keljeyville, Carlsbad Sprinsr Soda Bay. Lak»I
port and Bartlett Spring?; at Ufc!ah for Vlch'j
Spring*. Saratosa Springs. Bite Lakes. laurel
D«ll Lake. Witter Spricss. Upper LaW«. Pom.)
Potter Valley. ¦ John Day's. Riverside. Llerly'a
Buckne'.!'s £ana«r»iiin Heights. Hnilvllle .Orr's
Hot Sprinc*. Halfway House, Cotr.ptche." Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fo»t Braes
Westport. Usal: at-WlllUs for Fort-BrasK
Wfstport Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. L«>ton-
i ville. Cunaminjcs. Bell** Springs. Harris oi-
1 1 en'». Dyer. ' Garbervllle. Pepperwood Scotia
and Eureka.
\ Saturday. to Sunday round-trip tickets at r«-
duced rat^s.'
On- Suni1ayJround-triT» tickets to all point*
beyond San>!afarl at hair rates.
Ticket offfces. 630 Market street. Chronic!*
building. ' '¦•-:••¦;
H. C. WHITINO R. X. RTAX.
' Gen. Manatee. Cen. Pass. . Aft.The market for Hogs remains about as stated
yesterday, small grain-fed being firm, while
large ' and soft are weak ' and out of favor at
present. . ¦
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ¦ - •• .-t ; -
BEEF— «^4@7H<5 for SUers and 6@6%c per
lb • for Cows. • '•
VEAL — Large. 8©9c: small. 9310c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 808%c; Ewes. 7©8i4c
per lb. " • ' . ;.< ¦- ¦ ¦"
LAMB— 0V4@10c per lb. ' '
: PORK — Dreesed Hogs, 7@8%c per lb.
r ; LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco. • less 50
per cent Bhrlnkaze fcr Cattle J
¦ CATTLE — Steers. 8@0c; Cows and Heifers.
7©8c: thin Cows. 4©5c per lb.
* CALVES — 4©4}4c per lb (gross weight), -
" SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@4c; jEwes, 3U03»4c
per lb fKrws welRht).' * " . v- »
LAMBS^— 4V<iT5c per lb.
HOGS— Live" Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs. 5V465%c;
o\-er ISO 'lbs, 5c; soft Hogs. 4%c; sows, 20 per
cent oft: Boars. 60 per cent oft. and Stags. 40
per cent oft from above quotations.
General Merchandise.'
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5@5V»c; San Quentln,
M eat Market.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 3<fGc per lb;
String Beans, 12V4©15c.per. lhuWax. 10@15c;
Tomatoes , from ¦ Los • Angeles, $1@1 50 per box
or crate; Rummer Squash ' from Los Angeles.
(1@1 25 per box: Cabbage. Wk^per.ctl: Carrots.
50c pvr" sack: Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 60 per
doa; Garlic. 6®8c perlb; Egg Plant, 10©20c per
lb; Dried Peppers, . 5@Sc per lb for Stockton
and 1I®1 2^c for southern; Dried Okra. l?^c
per lbiOreen' Peppers,' 104il2V4c per Ib; Mush
rooms, 2C<a-5c per lb; Marrowfat aad Hub-
Receipt* of Strlnc and Wax Beaiia, Egg
Plant and Green Peppers from Los Angeles
continued light, and, as the demand was good,
prices of choice Jots were well sustained. Some
of the , Eeu Plant was overgrown and sold
rather : slowly, hence the wide range in prices.
Peas continued abundant and more or less
weak, extept for strictly fancy offerings. ¦ To
matoes were: easier under Increased receipts,
•while ali other descriptions were unchanged.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 70(3
83c pr ctl; Salinas Burbanks, - $1 25@1 60 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. IMtef/Sl 15 per ctl; River
Reds. 50§ 00c -per ctl; Garnet Chiles, $1@1 05
per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $1 «0@l 75 per ctl.-
ONION'S— $1 40 per ctl.
The market for Potatoes and Onions was In
good ehape for Beller» and ruled firm at rising
prices. Stocks of Salinas and Oregon Burbanks
were light and choice lots met with prompt
sale at • advanced rates. There was a brisk
demand for Tlvers owing to the scarcity of
the other descriptions, and the moderate re
ceipts cleaned up well at previous prices. Stocks
of ; Onions in first hands are | very light *nd
dealers ' are - expecting higher prices. Only 50
sacks came 'In yesterday and they met with
prompt sale at an advance. Offerings of
Sweet . Potatoes consisted of a few scattering
lots' of carrled-over stock and the quotations
were largely 1 nominal. . . .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts. 30O
nominal. Good to prime steers. $5i?5 C3; poor
to medium, $3 50J?-3 90; stockcrs and feeder*
$2 35SA 26: cows, $ 1 75{?4 25; heifers, $2®4 50
canners. $1 , 75@2 40; bulls, ?2@1 30; calves.'
$3 60427 25.
HOGS— Receipt* to-<Say. 23,000; Monday.
60,000. Steady at yesterday's closed. Mixed and
butchers', $4 60®4 05; good to choice heavy,
$4 85®0; rough heavy, $4 COtfM SO; light,
$4 SCtfMt 70; bulk of sales, $4 '7C@4 S5.
SHEEP — Receipts. 2000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 10@4 50;
fair to choice mixed, $3 23@4: Western sheep,
$3 60@4 B0: native lambs. $4@6 30; Western
lambs, ?5 25@0 30. .
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
The situation remains unchanged. Beans
being ' firmly held, with the prolonged dry
weather an important factor.
BEAN'S — Bayos. $2 3C(32 50; Pea. $3 25- But
ters. *3; email White. $2 S5@3; large White.
$2 40®2ti0: Pink. $2 6592 80; Red, $3CO®4-
Lima. %-W-l 15;' Red Kidneys, $4 23; Black
eye -$2@2 15 per ctl; Horse Beans. $1 50@2 v
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard; $2 6B©2 PO: Flax. $1 S0@l 90; Canary.
C@5%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. Il@l4c- Rape.
1 % ST2c : Timothy. 6@6%c: Hemp. :iH@3Hc per
lb: Millet. 3©3V4c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®23
per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay closed the week very firm, with $17 75
bid and refused for a_car of extra choice wheat.
The tendency j Is upward, and unless we get
rain very phortly ¦ the advance will probably
be raold and pronounced. FeedstufTs continue
strong with very llsht offerings.
BRAN— $19 50PC0 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $2G 50®28 60 per ton.
SHORTS — $10 5CCT20 50 per ton.
FEKDSTUFFS— Kollod Barley. $23 503J24 50
per ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $27@2S 50;
Jobbing. |29©S0: Tocoanut Cake. $21@22; Corn
Meal $2S 50(529 60: Cracked Corn. $29@J0;
Mixed Feed. $22023; Horse Beans. $3C@4U per
ton
HAY— Wheat. $14@17 50; Wheat and Oat.
$14316 .10: Oat. $14?il6: Wild Oat. $13014 50;
Barley. $12®14: Stock nominal— none here; Al
falfa $12@13 r.0 per ton.
STRAW— 50®65c per bale. .
Hav and Fccdstuffs:
Local bank clearings during the week Ju*t
••T:4fd show a rain of $2,871,180 over the cor
responding w»*k of last year, being $31,628,828.
• gainst $28,757 '>4S in W03. The <-l»>arlngs dur
ing the same week in 15»02 were $25,uS0,243.
Flour Exports in 1903.
In December the experts of flour from Eaa
Francisco by s*a were as follows:
To — Barrels. Values.
. China *3,570 $185,306
iapan t^S39 13.562
Hawaiian Islands <i,2>£l 29.381
Tahiti 1.019 4,310
, ilcxieo 2.469 9.«*"»
Central America 6,437 2i>.3U5
Panama 700 2,o22
Coloir.bia 275 L2O4
Kouador I.cjuO 4.423
Peru 1<X) 4^5
Pemoan Island* in» MxJ
<KhT Parinc islands 34 161
Korea 64 2*>
British Columbia. f. 20
Totais .65.C9D $277,075
' In r»t rember, 19(J2r the exports were 146>2O
barrels, valued at $581,243. In that month 93,-
O£0 berrpls went to China iind S3.1tto to Aus
tralia. The Daniph t=reajner Arab. which
<-ieared for China on Deceml>er 31. 1902, took
63.250 barrels, valued at $2tt>:t,375, the largest
quantity ever stnt frcm this pert in one vessel.
Th* 1 monthly shipments fur the year ending
December 3!. 1!*I3. were as follows:
Barrels. Values.
January 35,140 $130,903
February 44.1S6 1K2.114
M^rch 73.335 316,34a i
Afrtl o2.4»6 19.131 i
• Ma>' M.U99 214,965
June M.o«7 :n2..v.n
July T.8.928 228. 7h5
August 90.O40 413.670
Kej.tember 12<5.C««» M7.!n»
October H«S,ST^3 440.451 j
November <;i.i»i 2M.»i.{o
I>c-cember B3.CM 277,o75
ToUls S37.K3O $.".441, .".71
The oLjx^na in 11Ki2. including the shipments
to the .:¦.•¦.-.... r. Islands a'ter June 1. were j
1.UU.115 barrels, valued *t S3,b37.80<>. No
. record v.-ax k^pt of the F.hipmT.ts to the Ha
¦waiiiir. Iriandt for the first five months of the
y«>.ar. but ttm statistics wore resumed on June
1. and th« Fh'.-.iments to the same from that
dat« to L>ecember 31 were 56,204 barrels, val
yed sx 5207,05>5.
Weather Report.
< 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 9 — 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, a* compared with those of same date last
Mton, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Station* — 24 hours, season, season.
Eorc-ka 0.03 1S.«4 22.14
Red Bluff 0.00 12. M» 13. M
tiAcramt-nto O.«X» 4.*2 «.71
?an Francitco O.<iO «.2O p.15
Fre«^r> 0.00 0.»0 3.31
Independence 0.00 0.42 0.83
' fcan Luis Ohltpo 0.00 0.82 5.00
Los A:igeles O.OO 0.43 4.97
San I>i««o O.tX) O.4O 6.09
THE COAST RECORD.
5 2 2 "3 ffl *3
h if 3 II I
STATIONS. J 5; ?3 ?§ T E
•* m " tt c- "i —
• .•*?-• o
c c a
: ? ? : : \
Eaker " r >12 32 16 PE Cloudy !oi
Carson 30.10 48 28 NE Clear .00
Kur*ka. 30.20 40 40 SE Cloudy .0.5
Faralloa tX».22 54 49 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 3O-1S 50 »6 NW Ooudy .00
Flagstaff SO. 00 32 2S PW Cloudy .00
Pocatello SO. 16 30 18 S Cloudy .10
Independence .30.00 62 32 S Cloudy .00
Loe-Angelee...30.08 <3 48 W Cloudy .'»)
Mt Tamalpais.o0.21 48 36 NW Clear .04
North Head... 29. «h 50 T>« SE Rain -IS
Phoenix 3O.O<5 GO 34 N Clear .00
Point Reyes.: .30.16 M 46 NW Cloudy .00
Portland ».«8 42 3<i fiK Rain .18
K*d Bluff *«.2O 52 :!4 FE «"loudy .00
Roseburg MM 44 32 HE Rain .1«
Sacramento ..30.22 f.2 S8 N Pt.Cldy .00
Sa.lt Lake ..10 ....
San Francisco. 30.24 54 46 W Pt.CHy Tr.
San L. Obispo.30.14 «0 42 N Oeer .00
San Diegc 30.1« 62 52 NW Clear .00
Seattle 2!*. 72 40 34 SE Rain .34
fpokafte 3Q.<>« :'.4 30 S Snow Tr.
Tfctoot-h 2a. 54 :i» .. SE Rain .."rfl
\\ bl'.a. Walla... 30. (<4 42 -'A SE Cloudy .fK)
•Winnetnucca ."f».J< T!6 20 W Clear .00
• Tuma 30.O0 64 46 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A Ktorm of marked intensity has appeared
suddenly on the Washington coast and from
present, indications muy cxtenl southward,
probably causing high southeasterly winds gun
day from Ean Francisco northward.
Southe&rt etorro warnings are. displayed along
the entire coat-t north of San Francisco, and
advisory meseages have been sent to southern
points. '*'.'
Should the etorm move southward rain msy
be expected in Southern California Monday.
The temperature has remained siaticnary en
tfee Pacific dope. . • . .
A maximum wind velocity of «*eventy-two
• • miles per hour from the southeast is reported
at the mouth of the Columbia River. ¦ t
Forecast maie at San Francisco for thirty
hours t-n<J:ns midnight. January 10:
Northern Calif orr.la — Cloudy, unsettled weather
Sunday, with rain; brick to high southeast
winds.
• Southern California — Cloudy Sunday, with
conditions fax-erable for rain Monday; light
nijrtherly winds, changing: to southerly.
Nevada — Cloudy Eunday; probably enow by
rtifctt
Saa Francisco and vicinity — Rain Sunday;
brisk to high fouthwett winds.
A- O. McADIE. .District Forecaster.
Transactions on the Stock, and Bond Ex
change yesrerday were more numerous than
STOCK MARKET. '
Continued on Page Forty-Six.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 609
4 85. usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 50CJ4 i;0:
Oregon and Washington. $3 90<S4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 !>OS14 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are ai
follows: Graham Flour. $.". 25 per 100 ibs;
Rye Flour; $3 25; Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour,
$7: Corn Meal. $3 25: extra cream do $4- Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $i 5C04 75; Cracked Wheat $3 75;-Fa
rlna $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 5O: Rolled
Oats bbls. $7 2E@8 60;l n »sacks. $0 73@8 \6;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Greih
Peas $5.50 per ICO lbs. /..
Flour and Millstuffs.
FOR SATURDAY. JANUARY ».
Flour. qr - sks .. 1* 3"u;| Shorts, sks 400
Wh-at ctls 60.0t5JFee<l. sks ' B«
Parley ctls 4,<KH? Pelts No 240
Corn ctls 2.V>IHi(1ps Nrr 2,'i.T
Beans sk3 P91| Leather, rollg... 104
Potatoes, sks .. 3,010[\vine gal- .... 7-1.700
Onions, sks KOj Brandy, gals .. 6,8"O
Brnn sks r*fl Sorar. ctls 420
f'lddlines. sks.. 120: Tallow ctls ... 4O>
Hay tone ..... 44-VLlme. bbto ?.17
Straw. tons .... 5 Paper, reams... 717
Mustard sks . . 24? Onicksllvpr flks 3S
Wool, bales ... P5 Chicory, bbls .. 37
OREGON.
Wheat. ctU 30.422! Oats, ctls 2,450
Barley, ctls 5-'R vv>n! bales .... 5
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1 557!
Receipts of Produce.
Provisions were weak, influenced at the start
by a decline in the price of hogs and later by!
the slump in grains. The selling was tiulte
general, and us prices declined stop-loss orders
were reached, which increased the weakness.
May pork closed 30c lower at $12 SO. May lard
was off 12Uc at $« 80 and ribs down 10c at
*6 52 >a.
The* leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No '; 2 — ,
May 87 S7% ST.% 86
July S2% $2% 81 81 %
September SO 80 7S% 79
Corn No. 2 —
January 4*Vi« 43'i 42% 42%
May 47U 47% 46% 47
July 46?i 4694 40% 46tf
Oats No 2—
January 1. .. 36% 36H 36% 3C%
May 39*4 39% 39^ 39%
July 86% 36% 35% 33
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 12 57% 12 57% 12 50 12 50
May 13 05 13 12% 12 75 12 80
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 6 57%
May 0 90 6 92% 6 80 6 SO
Short Ribs, per K>0 pounds —
January • • • • .... 6 2."i
May : 6 60 « <",2% 6 50 6 52%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, ytrady: winter patents. .$4 10fl)» 20;
straights, $3 S<l<7f4 10; spring patents. $liJ4 30;
straights. $.1 50$..'! CO: bakers'. $2 :«;.fj.; 30;
No. 3 spring v.-heat. 72ft>80c; No. 2 red..JU%Q>
f»7c; No. 2 corn. 4-'{%p; No. 2 yellow. 45c: No.
2 cats. 36M.<53Se; No. 3 white. 37%«i3S"4c;
No. 2 rye ">2%c; good fedinc barley. 37ig39c;
fair to choice maltins. 4t)g<".8c; No. 1 flax
seed. 9Sc;'No. 1 Northwestern. $1 04; prime
timothy s«»c<1 $.') 10; mess pork per barrel.
$12 «2%ff|12 75: lard, per lf;O pounds $6 f.7%
e« C5; »>hort ribs sides (loose). $<i 12%i?4<J 5*7%;
short clear sidjs inoxcd). $6 62%W0 75; whis
ky, basis of high wines, ?1 27; clover, contract
grade. $11 f.O.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flcur. barrels 17.900 20.900
Wheat, bushels 38,100 40,.°,0O
CJorn bushels 241,900 O.'.f.OO
Oats, bushels 113.000 172 600
Rye bushels 4,800 2,500
Barley, bushels^....^..39,000 . 10.C00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
mm-ket was easy. Creameries. 16928c; Dai
ries. 14«|21c. Eggs, weaker: at mark, cases
Included. 23®28e. Cheese, steady. 10@10%c.
CHICAGO. Jan. 0.— Before trading* began It
was reoorted efforts would be made to avert
hostilities in the Far East. There was con
siderable wheat here at the start for sale and
May was Hfe%c to lower at S6^ac to
S7c. A little support from the leading long sent
May up to 87©S7%c. but offerings were so lib
eral that the demand from this source was soon
satisfied and the market eased off again. Later
In the day the big bull operator became an open
seller and prices slumped badly, May declining
to 85'S,f}S5%c. The domestic situation was
mostly bearish, a large increase in visible sup
ply being expected for Monday. Covering by
shorts caused % better sentiment. May closed
at a6c.
Corn was comparatively firm early In the
day. due to small receipts and the poor quality
of the corn coming In. together with higher
Liverpool markets. May opened %c to *jc
lower at 47c to 47',4c. and after selling at 47%c
the price declined to 40% c, closing at 40~i<g47c.
Oats weakened along with wheat, but there
was not much enthusiasm on the short side,
for the reason that the big line held by the
leading long is still Intact. May opened M«f5>
He to \ir lower at :W-i>iM%c to 30%c, sold
between :»Hc and 39UQ39%c clo-l"«B at 39"ic.
Chicago Grain Market.
All descriptions remain as before quoted! ex
cept Hops, which are reported firmer..
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %®lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9c: medium. Sej light. 7%c; Cow Hides.
7%c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags, 5c:
Salted Kip. 9c: Falted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
lOVic: dry Hides. 15@lHc; dry Kip. 13c: dry Calf,
18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 2ft@30c each; short
Wool 40<ftt!0c each: medium. 70©90cf long
Wool. $1@I 60; Horse Hides, salt. J2 75 for
large and $2(82 50 for medium. $1 2501 75 for
emallandCOc for Colts. Horse Hides, dry..
$1 75 for large and $1 R0 for medium. $101 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, "31c: dry- salted Mexican, 25c: dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c: large and smooth. 50c: medium. 35c;
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb: No.
2. 4c: grease. 2%03c. - 2W -
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joarcln Lambs . 0©
lie; Middle County. lltf?12c; Northern Free.
11012c Northern Defective, 10*»llc: Humboldt
and Mendocino, 12®14c: Nevada. 13315c; Ore
gon fln<\ lfi«*l!)c: Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
. HOPS— 20<ff25c per lb for California.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Flops.
. Chlcftg* was lower. 1 This market was dull
and ea«y. with reported cutting of Hams and
Bacon - by* some dealers.
¦ 'The Chicaco wires of Boiton. de Ruyter &
Co.. said: ''Market has ruled heavy throughout
thi' day. There was a continuation of selling
by outsiders; which has been going on the past
few days. In addition- to this some of our lead-
Ing packers were selling aggressively. Thero
Is nlll. in our opinion, quite a scattered Jpn<? in
terest in provisions, and with the large local
operators arrayed on the bear side we feel that
some further break Is likely." ..
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 11 %c per lb for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 14c for light.
14V-C for extra light. ISc for sugar-cured and
20c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured
Hams. 14c: California Hams. Uygl.'l'Ac; Mess
Beef $11 nO tier bbl; extra M»?s. $121112 50;
Family. $13: prime Mrs3 Pork. $17: extra clear.
$24: Me«s. $1«: Dry Palted Pork. 12c; Pig Pork..
$28; Pigs' -Feet. $5 23: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
' LARD — Tlerce3 quoted at 7«£c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pur*.
0',ic: 10-lb tln6,~0%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, $%c; three
haif barrels 8%c; one tierce. 8%c: two tlereei.
8%c: five tierces, 8?ie per lb. •
Provisions.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. I softshell. 13%@14c:
No. 2 ll%«12c: No. I hardshell. 13m»~Ac;
No. 2. ll@ll%c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%c for I X L. 10V,c for Ne Plus Ultra and
8%c for Lunguedoc; Peanuts. C@7c for Eastern;
Pecans. HiUSc: Cocoanuts. $4 50S3; Chest
nuts. SffilCc Der lb.
HONEY— Ccmb. 10®U%c for white and 8%®
9%c for amber: water white extracted, 5ft
5Mc: light amber extracted. 4%@4%c; dark.
BEESWAX— 274229c oer lb.
EAISINS— F. 0. b. prices, Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
5V,c per lb; 3-crown. 5%'c; 4-crown. 6%c; Seed
less Muscetelr. 4'4c; do, floated. 4Hc: un
bleached Sultanas. 4%c; Thompson's Seedless.
6VsC London Layers — 2-crown. II 25; S-crown.
$l~35; 4-crown clusters. (2; 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 00; 6-crown Imperials. $3: Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 5c per lb; do 3-crown. 5%c; Valencia
Cured. 4V4c; Pacific, do. 3%c; Oriental, do,
2%c. Seeded r.Hislns — 16-oz packages, fancy,
fcc per lb; choice, 7"*c: 12-oz packages, fancy.
(i-Sic; choice. C?4c: in bulk, ftney. 7%c; choice.
7"»o. , ,
FRUIT— Apricots, 7V4©O%tf for Royals and 9
@llc for MocrpurUs; Evaporated Apples. 49
5«4c: sun-dried. :!©4c; Peachex 4@«j»£c; Peara.
«@10c; Nectarines. 4jj5»Ac; Figs, while, 4&i%c
in boxes; black. 4 We: Plums, pitted, ti®3c per
pound. •
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%«J2%c for the four
sizes.
Trade Is still quiet at the quotations which
have ruled for some time past.
Dried Fruits } Nuts, Raisins, Honev
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. ; Bid. Ask.
4s OT coup.. 107 HWV 4s q r cp newl3.il* 134 >4
4s or reg . .107^108 HI "•* IT coup. .IO6V4UI8
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — j Do 5a 109 —
Bay CPC 5s.l01 l 41O2"4 Do con 5s. — 101
Cal C G 5s. — lO6Vi O W gtd 5s. — 1"O
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s. *— 73
m & ct 5s. — — Om Cable 6a. 120 124
Cal-«t 5s ..114 — Pac G Im 4s. 95 10O
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5s.HH»;iC4Ti
Ed L & P.BS.12O — P & C K 69.103*4 — '
F & C H 6s. — 117 P & O R 6». — 117'4
Geary-st 5s.. 45>4 90 Powell-st «s.H3V* —
H C43 5^9.104 — SE G&R 5«. — 100H
H C & 3 5s. — 100 SF & SJV5s.ll7Vi —
Hon R T 6s.lO5 10(1 S R of C es.112^ —
L A Elec Bs. — — S P of A 6a
L A Ry 53.112%— (1909) ....104% —
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) 105% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 8« ¦ >
Do gtd 5». — 104% (lD05)8r A.103 104
LAP lem 5S.100 102 (1905)Sr B. — 104%
Mkt-st C 63.115% — U90«) 104%103
Do lem 5s.ll.imi5 (1912) ....llSVi —
NRR of C6s.lOt% — SPC 1 eg 5s. — 117%
Do Bs ....115 — Do stmpd.l07t*10?U4.
N P C R 5s.J04% — S P B R 6s. — 134
NCR 5*.. — 112 S V W 6s.. 106 —
N C P C 3s. — 101 Do 4s 2dra. OS^ 9» l i
N S R- R 5s. OS 100 Do 4s 3dm. 08% —
O G L H 5s.lO7% — Stkn G&B 6s — ICO
O T Co 6s.. 116 — U G & E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 I Pert Coat*. . — —
Marin Co . . — 65 1 S V W Co. 40% 42
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% — S F G * B. M 53%
Mutual E L. 7 0 Stkn O & E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 53% — U O & E. . — 33 .
Sac E G & R — — I
TRUSTEES CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 57% 59 |
SATURDAY. Jan. »-41 m.
Stock and Bond Excliange.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 6 5»i 6 6(4
Closing '. 6 6ij 6 C.14
PARIS.
Wheat — Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 21 40 21 40
Clo-ing 21 35 21 25
Flour —
Ope ning 29 25 28 25
Closing 29 20 28 SO
Foreign Futures.
, Western sacked, $1 L'Ofcl 27 Vi for Yellow,
$1 22'-'.©l 25 for JVhite end Jl 20(^1 22»,<, for
Mixed: California large Yellow. $1 27V4©! 30:
small round do. $1 40@l K0: White. $1 :id@l 39
per ctl. Egyptian. $1 45@$1 S6 for white and
$1 23 for brown.
RYE— $1 26@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75Q2 pej- ctl.
, Open. High. Low. .Close.
May $1 <x>m ?i U6% $1 osH $1 ee%
OATS — Firmly held at full figures, with a
very tood demand and moderate offerings.
¦White. $1 ZZViQV 25 for California and
$1 27%@1 «5 for Northern; Black. $1 45@1 65;
lied $1 20@l 32Vi for feed and $1 25 @1 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 32 Vi,
CORN— The market Is apparently working
around into a firfner condition, as the dry
v.'tath2r In the San Joaquin Valley and Sojth«r.i
California has forced stock-raisers . during the
past week to feed Corn to their sheep and
cattle. At present they are using Western and
Inferior California Corn 1 , but /as soon as sup
plies of the latter ore exhausted they will be
compelled to feed No. 1 Corn. They are get
ting their Western Corn from Western points
direct, so this market is not being drawn upon.
But San Francisco Is affected by thin diversion
of the grain to stock feeding, for Corn which
otherwise would come here is being sent to
the grazing lands, hence receipts of domestic
product here are insignificant. The sltuatlcm
la therefore a very steady one.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 10©$.l 13% ; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 18gl 20; Chevalier. $1 "HiQX 45 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
California Club. $1 37lA@l 40; California
White Australian. $1 5<J(jjl 52H: Northern Club,
$1 40@l 41'i; Northern Bluestem $t bCxQ
1.01%; Oregon Valley. $1 40.
' FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 37>4 $138% $1 «7% -$1 38
BARLEY — Closed the week steady but quiet
for cash sralti and higher for futures, which
are at present mainly governed by tha weather.
CASH WHEAT
WHEAT — The foreign markets werfe easy,
with weaker futures. Chicago declined from
87%c to 85%e. closing at. 8«c. The market
showed no changes worthy of note.
This market was dull and featureless, with
the cash grain very firmly held and futures
lower in sympathy with Chicago.
Wheat and Other Grains.
APPLES— Fancy Spltzenbergs. $1 60@l 73
per box; other varieties. $1@1 40 for fancy.
50fJ90c for choice and 25@40c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellis from cold storage,
$1 50©2 per . box.
CITRUS TRUITS— Navel Oranges^$^S2 50
per box for fancy. SI 26@1 75 .for choice and
75c®$l 25 for standards; Seedlings, 75c@$l;
Tangerines. 50c&$l 25 per box; Japanese Man
darins. $1@1 25 for half boxes; Lemons, $1 75
©2 60 for fancy, $1 £5@1 50 for choice, and
7CiC(&$» for standard; Grape Fruit. $1@2; Mex
ican Limes. $4#4 50: Bananas. $1'5'2 per bunch
tor -Hawaiian and $2© 2 50 for Central Amer
ican; Pineapples. $2@3 per dozen.
There was no life In Apples or Pears. Stocks
of the latter were light, but Apples continued
abundant.
There was some little activity in the fruit
market during the early morning hours, but
trade was of much smaller volume than usual
on Saturday. During the greater part of the
day there was practically nothing doing, as
the cool weather continued to discourage buy
ers, and piic«-s of all descriptions stood as
previously quoted. Tangerines and Manda
rins were the weakest descriptions in the Cit
rus line and dealers reported that It was Im
possible to effect salts, even at concessions.
The quotations for these descriptions are
largely nominal. Eight or ten cars of Oranges
will be auctioned to-morrow.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Sales *n the California Exchange last week
were 17.276 shares, valued at $S46S. tn> lead
ing * sales being as follows: Associated OH.
10. CCO shares; Claremont. 834; Home. 60O; Ne
vada. 500; Petroleum Center and Superior. 5CO
each; Toltec. S2C0.
The Columbian Banking: Company haj made
a further call on its shareholders* of $10 per
share. This, with the $10 assessment recently
collected, will make the stock $50 per shara
paid uj>.
The Four Oil Company has declared
dend of lc per share, amounting to $3000. pay
able January 15.
The regular annual meeting of the French
Savings Bank will be held January 25.
Th» annual meeting of the shareholders o|
the Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company
will be held on Tuesday, February 9.
Mining stocks, while still active and mor«
or less excited, were not as high as on the
preceding day, aa will be seen by the list of
sales. The oil stocks continued dull and fea
lui *'¦¦¦.
usual oi Saturdayr with Gas and Electric still
the leader. The stock showed some recovery
from Friday's censational decline and sold at
$57 2'&59, against a low quotatton of $54 ST'j
on Friday. The sale« were mostly in small
lots. There was a sale of German Savings
and Loan at $2200. The other stocks wer»
quiet.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 f2%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S5%
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 s«%
New York Exchange, sight .... — 12^
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 5s^£
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44 @ 45
There was nothing new beyond an advance
of *ic in Silver and a slight rise In New York
Exchange.
Exchange and Bullion.
Bank Clearings.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Consols, money .. 87% NY Central ...124
Do account .... S7% Nor & West .... 19 '^
Anaconda 3"fe Do prefd ...... 90
Atchison ....'.... 69% Ontario & West. 22 "4
Do prefd ...... .92 . Pennsylvania ... C0%
Balto & Ohio .. S1J4 Rand Mines 9%
Canadian Pacific. 120>4 Reading .' 22%
Che* & O ...... 33% Do 1st prefd.... 41
Chi G W .: . 16Vi Do 2d prefd;... ,T0
Chi M & St P.'.14" 1 4 Southern Ry .... 20U
DeBeera . . 20«4 Do prefd . . ... . 81
Del A Hudson 200 165* 165 165
Erie 1st pfd 1,100 ' C8«j 68 68
Erie 2d pfd 400 4S»4 *7>* 48%
Great Ncrth pM 17«>
Hocking Val "4»i
Hock-I^s Val pfd... 1OO 84*i S4? t S4
111 Central 1,200 131 131 130%
Iowa Central
Iowa Central pfd... 40
Kans City So 600 19-i 1»*« 19^
Kans City So pfd. 100 37^, 36» 4 ' S5%
Louis & Nash 400 10S 107* 4 lOi^s
Manhattan L 900 114 114?u 112%
Met t=t Ry &<J0 122S 121% 121%
Minn & St L 64
Mo Pacific ' 4fM) iW* 92>4 925s
Mo. Kans & T 700 17*4 l^ 1 * 17%
Mo. Kans & T pfd. BOO 38%, 39^ 39%
N R R of Mex pfd. 1.600 40=4 40 39 ? -4
N Y Central 1.900 12o£ 119% 119%
Nor Securities 89%
Nor & West s "
Nor & West pfd §5
Orct &• West 300 21 ?i 21 »i 21%
P»nn?ilvanla 23.800 11S% 117*/, 11S6*,
Pitts. "C, C & St L. 62^4
Reading" 1.9C0 45 444 « 7 s
Reading 1st pM 100 7S?4 7& S 4 77» 4
Reading I'd pfd 5Sr*
Rock Iflaad Co *7,Cf>0 23H ¦ 22% *i—
Rock IWan<i Co pfd 700 53", 5S^ 59V£
St L & S F let pf.i 60
St L & S F 2d pfd. 700 41 40«4 41
Bt Lo'iis S \V 4(10 15 14», 14U
St Louis S W rfd. 1.400 M\ :«>» 31'4
St Pav.l 12,900 113** 143H 143H
St Pai:l pfd 177
So Paciflc 20.300 49 4S% 4$%
So Railway 1.1<*> W% 1»»4 19T(,
So Railway pfd 300 79 79 79"
T<* & Pacific 300 23U 25 25
Tol. St L & W 100 25H 25'4 25 •
Tol. St L & W pfd. 1O<) :i<*\ 38% 3S<4
Union Pacific 15,fiO0 TBTg 7S»« 7S14
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 f>o go^ 89
Wahash 200 19-i 19' 8 19^4
Wabafh pfd 1.S0O 37 37 37
Whf-1! & L Eric... 100 I-14* 17»^ I614
Wts Central «*> 17% 17^ lTH
WI« Central rfd... 700 39? 4 39 V4 SO' 2
Express Companies-
Adams .'. 223
American 1HO
United States 10S
Wells-Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper *6,2<X> 51 l i W)'i 60%'
Amer Car & F. 400 1S"^ 18% l sti -
ABfr Car & F pfd. 100 68% 6S% 6S>>4
Am*r I. Oil 9
Ae« L Oil p.'d 2<»
Am°r-Lo<-o 000 17 U 17 U l7Vi
Arr.fr Loco pfd 7fi'j
Amer 8 & Ref 200 46H * r >% 4<%
Amer S & Ref pfd , 89^4
Amer Sucar Ret.. 3.700 12.'.% 125tf 125»s
Anaconda Min Co.. 100 76 76 76
Brooklvn R Transit 6.P0O MH 50% 50%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 500 31 29 SO
Col ft Hock Coal 14 s .
Ccns Gas 300 l!»2*i lfl2Vi 192U
Gen Electric 400 174% 173H 173H
Intc-r Paper 11
Inter Paper rfd MS:
Intrr Pump ...... SOU
intT Pump pfd 71 Vi
Nat Biscuit 200 37 V4 36"A 37
Nat Li-ad 15
Ncrth Amer 2OO R4Vi K4 J»4Vt
Pacific Mail ."{OO 27 26*4 27
Peoples Gas 800 97VJ I>6*i 97
Pr«-S6©<l S Car 27
Pr^-ert S Car pM 67
Pullman Pal Car 215}i
Rf public Strtl 7
Republic Ste«>l p.'d. • 1OO 41"* 41*4 41%
Ruhber Goods 500 1SU 18U IS^i
Rubb?r floo-ls pM 7.1
T«-nr Coal & Iron.. 200 Sfii^ 36% 3KIW,
t: fi leather sort 7% 7% ~V t
U S leather pfd... 40ft 77% 77 79K
V S Rubt*r 2,000 12 II 1 * 11%
V S Rubber pfd... 200 42H 41% 42U
v s ster-i, io,i»rw> io*' t -101; int^
U S Steel pfd 19.700 r»7t, MV. 567;
West Union <*00 S8 S7H 88
Totals Kales 275.700 shares.
UNITED RAILP.OADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— Bond transactions of
the United Railroads of San Francisco: 15,000
at $76 25.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9. — American Can. com
mon: Bid $3 75; asked. $3 87»-i. Preferred:
BIJ $32 C2>^- asked. $::2 75. v
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2e reg ..10o"jilL.ouiK & N uni 4s. 99
Do coup :.10"r% Manhattan c g 4s.lO2%
Do :te reg 10o% Mex Cent 4s 71 Vi
Do coup .lW 1^ Do m ir.c 16Vi
Po old 4s* reg.133 Minn & S L 4?... 97
Do coup 133»4 M K &¦ T 4s... Ofi^
Do old 4s re-;.l<i7>4 Do 2ds 79
Do coup .- 107 Vj N R R of M c 4s. 75%
Do 5s re>- IOIUJN Y Cent p 3'is. 97'i,
Do coup 101 Vi N J Cent g 5s..J2S%
Atch gen 4s 99 Nor Pacific 4s ... 102*4
Do adjt 4s . . . S7 Do 3s 71
Atlantic C L 4s.. 82% Nor & W c 4s W,%
Balto & O 4s ..1OO74 OSLO * Par. .91 %
Do.3V/s SW% P^fn conv ."^s -. 05%
Cent of Ga 5s 104 Rftdlng Gen 4s.. 95
Do 1st inc «0 St L & I M c ".8.111%
Ches & O 4%s... 102% St L & S F f(- 4s. P3
Chi & Alton 3^B. 75H Pt L S W lsts.. 92%
C B & Q n 4s.. 90"<, Seaboard A L 4s. 67
O M & Pt P g 45.108^1 So Pacific 4s ... &8U
Chi & N* W c 7s. I'm So Railway .'.*.. lll'i
CRI&PRR4sC7 Tex &. Pac lMs..ll5"i
Do col 5s 74 Tol St L ft W 4s. 71H
C C C & S L g 4s. 9r.*4. Union Pacific 4s.l'^C%
Chi Term 4« 79*4 Do conv 4s U^i*
Con Tobacco >*«. 56% IT S Steel 2d 6s. 70%
Colo &. So 4s 87% Wabash Ist3 114"»
Denver & R O 4s\ 97% Do Deb B cay,
Erie prior lien 4*. 97H Wheel & L E 4s. 89
Do gen 4s S4% WIs Cent 4s 8S^
Ft W & D C l-ts.lC2% Colo F^IcDs.. 70ii
Hockinir Val 4V4«.1O5. . '
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adsjns Con .. 15 Little Chief 07
Alice 14 Ontario '..6 00
Hreece 10 Ophir 55
Brunswick Con ... 03 Phoenix 05
Comstock Tunnel.. 07 Potosi .... 33
Con Cal &. Va 2 25 S&vaj-e «!5
Horn Silver 1 05 Sierra Nevada ...1 CO
Iron Silver 1 25 Small Hopes 24
Leadville Con 02 Standard 1 50
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Mining —
Call loans ... .X>®« Adventure 2%
Time loans t^C AJIouez 4%
Bonds — ' Amalgamated 50%
Atchison 4s 07% Daly West 35
Mex Cent 4s .... 70& Hingham 22*J
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.440
Atrhison 67% Centennial ....... 16VI
Do prefd 83 ¦ Copper Range ... 4C%
Boston & Albany .245 Dominion Coal , . C9
Boston &. Maine.167 Franklin ..... 9 !
Boston L-......140 Isle Royale 7*4
N Y N H & H...195 Mohawk . 38'
Fitchburg prefd.. 135 Old Dominion .... 11
Union Pacific ... 76% Osceola 60*4
Miscellaneous — Parrot ;. 22 •
Amer Sugar 125 Qulncy 90 '
Do prefd 125 Santa. Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel & T..125V4 Tamarack 107
Domln I & S ... 9 Trinity ;/.... 5
Gen Electric ....173 United States .... 18%
Mail Electric... 20 Utah 32%
Do prefd 75 Victoria 2\4
United Fruit 97*4 Wlnona 7«
U S Steel 10% Wolverine 6014
Do pr»f d 56% I United - Capper . .' ¦ 5
Westinsrh Com... 81. I
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 9. — Wheat— Steady. Blue
6tem. S0c; club. 76c.
PORTLAND. Jan. 9.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
73c; bluestem. 79'.aSCc; valley. 78c.
The ship Andorinha cleared from here to
day for Queenstown or Falmouth with
1S2.-161 bushels of wheat.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Only ,a light home
demand for choice and fancy and prices con
sidered full. Prim<; are better and firmer.
Common, 4f5c; prime, 5Vic; choice, 5^&@6%c;
fancy, 64^70.
PRUNES— Are in fair export demand. Quo
tations. .'S'JsQ-e'ic.
APRICOTS — Are not pressed for sale and
prlct-6 firm. choice. OHO^Hc; extra choice,
DftOriOHc: fancy. ll@15c.
PEACHES — Rule firm but quieter. Prices
are unchanged. Choice, 7^4fg7*ic; extra choice,
7%68%c; fancy, 914 @ 1014c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 Invoice,
7"H,c; mild, stearty; Cordova. 8&913& Market
closed steady at a net advance of r.'gio points;
total sales were 96,000 ba?s, including January,
7.1fiO7.20c; March, 7.85Q7.S0C; June, 7.75$
7.S0c; July, T.SOQec; September, S.l5'§S.30c;
October, 8.20c: December. 8.40@S.45c.
DRIED FRUITS. /
SUGAR — Raw, nominal: fair refining. 2 15-16
©3e; centrifugal, ftO test. 3 7-16@3V.c; molasses
sugar. 2 ll-l(5S2*<4c; refined, quiet; No. 0,
4.05c; No. 7, 4c; No. 8 3.93c; No. 9, 3.00c;
No. 10. 3.85c; No. 11. 3.R0c; No. 12, 3.iT)c;
No. 13, S.SOc; No. 14, 3.65c; confectioners' A.
3.45c; cut loaf, 5.05c: crushed, 5.05c; pow
derod. 4.45c; cubes, 4.70c.
PETROLEUM— Steady; refined. New York.
9.10c; Philadelphia and Baltimore, y.O5c; do
in bulk, C.15c.
NETW YORK, Jan. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts.
23,400 barrels; exports. 14,037 barrels; market
inactive and nominally unchanged; winter
patents, $4 25@4 45; winter straights, $4 10'<j>
4 25; Minnesota patents.' $4 t>5@4 'JO; winter
extras. $3 20(2-4 45; Minnesota bakers, $3 85S>
4; winter low grades, $3#3 25.
WHEAT— Receipts. 10.700 bushels; spot,
quiet; No. 2 red nominal elevator; No. 2 red.
94%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
90»Ac f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba
nominal t. o. b. afloat. Options displayed
more or less weakness this morning on the
higher cables Indicating more peaceful condi
tions, but were quiet owing to wire trouble.
Near the clo6e prices yielded severely to stop
loss selling and left off lc net lower. May,
S9-H@90>4c. closed at 83%c; July, S6@gO!ic,
closed at S6c.
HOPS — Firm; State common to .choice. 1903.
2S@37c; 1902, 23@'27c: old. 9@15c: Pacific
Coast. 1903. 26<g33c; 1902, 22@20c; olds. 0®15c.
HIDES — Firm; Galveston. 20 to 35 pounds,
8c; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 19c; Texas,
dry. 24 to 30 pounJs. 13Uc.
WOOL. — Firm; domestic fleece, 2S@32c.
New York Grain and Produce.
SEATTLE. Jan. 9.— Clearings. $698,619; bal
ances. $205,89.V . - . — « 1
TACOMA. Jan. 9. — Clearings. $300,481; bal
ances, $«7.040
PORTLAND, Jan. 9. — Clearings, $506,447;
balances. $70,163.
SPOKANE. Jan. 9. — Clearings. $206,760;
balances. $2b,010.
Northern Business.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 9.— Wool, nominal; medium
grades and combing. 17@21c; heavy fine, V2&
14MiC: tub-washed. 20@31c. '
St. Louis Wool Market.
NEW. YORK. Jan. 9. — Imports of specie at
New York for the week ending to-day were
$025,709 gold and $25,208 silver. Exports' of
specie from New York for the past week were
$530,295 silver and $84,501 gold.
Imports of dry goods and general merchan
dise at New York for the week ending to-day,
were valued at $7,762,186. . *
Exports and-lmports.
AV all-street. Stocks close the week slightly higher.
Continued activity in local Gas and Mining Stocks.
¦Local Bank Clearings show a gain of $2,871,000 for the week.
Silver and New York Exchange higher. Sterling rates un
hanged.
Wheat quiet, zvith lower Futures. Barley Futures higher.
Corn being fed to sheep, and. cattle in the southern counties.
Oats firm and selling well. Rye still quiet.
Hav ar.d Fccdstuffs very firm and tending upward.
Beans still firmly held on account of dry weather.
Butter in reduced supply and firm. Eggs slowly declining.
Cheese in excessive supply and offered at lower prices.
¦Provisions lower at Chicago, with packers and outsiders selling.
Local houses reported cittting Hams and Bacon.
Wool and Hides as prrciously quoted. Hops very firm.
Small, grain-fed Hogs continue firm and wanted.
Coffee quoted firm, with the recent movement very large.
Potatoes and Onions firm, with rising-prices.
Poultry and Game close the week easy.
. Fruit market still quiet, ozi'ing to cold weather.
NEW TORK. Jan. 9. — The statement of av
erages of the Clearing-house banks of this city
for the week shows: . \
Loans, $915,U92.200; increase, $1,421,700.
Deposits. ?905.7i:i.30O; Increase, $10,534,400.
Circulation, $44,697,600; decrease, ?227,S0O. Le
gal tenders. $14,713,400; increase, $4,302,600.
Specie, $166,401,900; increase, $5,706,100. Re
serve, $241,115,300; Increase, $10,C2S."00. Re
serve required. $22C.42S,325; increase. $4.8S3.
600. Surplus, $14.<;SS.O27; Increase, 55.145.100.
Ex-United State* deposits. $23,861,600; Increase,
$5,121,800.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Denver & R O.. 21 Southern Pacific. 499S
Do prefd 71 Union Pacific 80H
Erie 29 Do prefd 92
, Do l*t prefd... 70 US Steel WMt
Do 2d prefd 50 Do prefd 6SV4
Illinois Central.. 134 •"$; Wabash £0
Louis & Nash... 11094 'Do prefd 38
•Mo Kan & Tex .. 17^
Bar Silver— Steady 26 15-16d per ounce.
Money— 3@3^A per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 3V4@3% per cent, and for three
months' bills 3%@3% per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— The cotton market
opened to-day with moderate activity at an
advance of 10C12 points. The volume of
business was small, but the market was-strong,
at one time showing a net advance of 26@J1
points, the opening prices being the lowest of
the session.
New York Cotton Market.
CHEESE — ll@12c for the general market.
12%c for select mild new and KrfnOVic for
lower «rades; Young Americas. 12^ ©1.1c; East
ern. 15@16c; Western, HflSc per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 3Kg3Gc for choice to fancy
and 2S@30c for small and mixed colors; 6tore.
2. r >028c: cold storag'e. 25@26c; Eastern. 23<824c
for cold storage.
The week closed on a very firm Butter mar
ket, stocks being greatly reduced and the de
mand good. Dealers made their own prlcei
and buyers were at a disadvantage. Some
sellers quoted 27c. but the largest handlers
did not advance their prices beyond 26c.
The depression in Cheese is becoming more
pronounced, and prices are %c lower again.
Stocks are away above the absorbing capacity
of the market. Receipts in 1003 were 6.206,356
Ib3. against 4.0S4.520 in 1002. Last year
Southern Oregon began' to produce Cheese in
large quantities and entered this market as an
active competitor for trade, and it is largely
from that source that the Increased supplies
in 1003 were received. From now on that
quarter will, be an important shipper to this
market. Cards are being sent out offering all
brands at lower quotations than those hereto
fore ruling.
Eggs are also lower and quiet, with receipts
and stocks elowly increasing and dealers mak
ing concessions to work off the goods. .Cold
storage descriptions, though almost cleaned
up. are qiloted lower, and store Eggs are now
being preferred to all others, owing to their
cheapness.
Receipts were 22.200 lbs Butter, 879 cases
Eggs arid 3300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 25(g2Hc for extras with
27c for specials, and 22V4®24c for seconds;
dairy.- 17©23c; store Butter, nominal: cold
storage. 18022c per lb for ordinary and 22 Vi
<i3'2lc for extras.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 23®25c per lb;
live Turkeys, 19g21c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2f(~2 25; Goslings. . $2@2 25: Dycks. $.'.««
per dozen for old and $t>&7 for young; Hens,
?5 50jj6 50 for large and $4 50@5 for small;
young Roosters, $5 50@<S; old Roosters. $5<@5 50;
Fryers. $4 50@5; Broilers. $4 50@5 for large
and $3 50@4 for small: Pigeons. $1@1 25 per
dozen for old and $2 25@2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $3@4 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3ig5; Sprig. $2>82 60; Teal. $1 5"!fi»
1 75; Widgeon. 51 OO^l 75; small Ducks %1Q
1 25; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese. 75c@$l 25;
Brant. $1 50 for small and $2 for large; Honk
ers, $5 for large and $4 for email; English
Snipe. $3; common Snipe $1 80; Wild Doves,
$1 25; Rabbits $2 for Cottontails and $1 25 for
Brush; Hare, $1 50.
Poultry closed the week rather easy, al
though the market was pretty well cleaned up.
As usual on Saturday the receipts were very
light, but there was practically no demand, for
live chickens, as all retailers were well sup
plied with Western stock. A car of Western
came in, making the seventh for. the week, and
was held over lor Monday's market, when an
other car falls due. There was not much in
quiry for dress«?d\Turkeys and the light receipts
were just about sufficient to satisfy the. de
mand. Nine cases .came in and sold at the
previously quoted rates. Game arrived freely
and fine large birds met with the usual Sat
urday demand at steady prices. Some dealers
who were liberally supplied were anxious to
ck-an up. and as a result several kinds were
quoted lower.
Foultry and Game.
Nicaraeua — 12U c?1SV r nominal for prime to
fancy washed: 8*;<fU0*;c nominal for fair to
Urictlr gc.rrl washed- s^^fS'fcic for good to su
perior unwashed: 0@9?£c for good to, prime
unn-ashed rea berry. . '
Guatemala and Mexican— 14HC15c for fancy
wafhed: 12V.*?14 5 ,4C for prime to strictly prime
wash*/,- 11*?11V;V for -strictly good washed:
10V. iSioy. <• 'cr pood ivartM: PWIU for f.iir
wa*hert: Sfisvic f OT medium: 5?iftT4c for ln
fer'or to orrl'nary; 1f*»11Vie for fair to prim*
¦v:3Fh"<\ rx'aberry: OfM*V.r- for rocxl to prim*
tmrn?hM peaberrv: 8***°" nominal for good
to superior unwashed: CffSVic for ash-damaged.
Salvador— 12 HifilSf nominal for strictly
prime w.uh'fl: l<M?12c for good to prime
washed; SUflD^c for fair washed: ft«flUc for
fair to r>rtme washed peaberry: OVJfSO'ic for
good to Drtmo s'mi- washed; 0c for raperlor
urwashed: SUfiR-lsf for rood gre»n unwashed;
f>#D l Jc for pood to superior unwashed . pea
berry: f>V,*l~\l.r for inferior to ordinary.
12M>c for good to prime washed p^aberrv; fWJ
10U.C for good to prime peaberry: OVifJllc for
good to prime: 8@0c for fair; 5V,g7^c for com
mon to ordinary.
O«ta Rica — 13*i<315c nominal for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 124® 13c f°r prim*
washed: nv,fi12V»e for cooi washed: lOV-**
"Deliveries from first hands since the 5»h
ult. include: 1321 bags Costa Rica. 3*5 Nica
ragua. 14.16 Salvador. 6316 Guatemala. ' 227
Mexican and lS-Tt various: in all 11. SIS bags."
"To-day's first-hand stock consists of 1000
bae* Cogta RIra, 470 Nlcaramia. 2200 Salvador.
7470 Guatemala. 1310 Mexican and 7S6O Vari
ous: in all 2O.aiJ> bags.
"Arrivals o' new rron have been v*ry small
and not enough tn make firm Quotations for all
clnssr*. Salss have been made of small par
cels at 12\ic to lM'ic for prime and Me to 15c
for strictly prime to fancy Guatemala and
Mexican. •
COFFEE — C. E Blckford's circular reports
receipts at this port In 1903 at 230. «48 bags,
against 210.566 bags during 1802. The sales
from first hands were 255,765 bags, against
209.S3S. The stock in first hands January 1
wa3 19,938 bags against 25,057 January 1.
1903. The world's visible supply January 1
was 13.751,1.11 bags, against 13.212,801 last
year. The circular saj'3:
"Brazil coffe* in the New York market has
steadily advanced during the past month, be
ing fully lc per pound higher for the actual
article and about %c for futures. The volume
of business on the Exchange has been enor
mous, nearly 3,000.0<X> of bags during th»
period mentioned, and whatever may be
thought of the present and prospective merits
of the position of actual Coffee, it Is clear that
the heavy speculative interest which has cen
tered in the article during the past three months
is a factor which will have its influence from
now on, apart from the natural law of supply
and demand. Cables regarding the present and
Browing crop continue unfavorable, the present
being estimated at 10.750.000 bags, and the
growing crop at about the same figures, or
rather less. Compared with the lowest point
of last fall, the advance amounts to 2^'t'itSc per
pound in that market. Coffees either than
Brazil (known as '"mild") have also appre
ciated In Drice, but have not followed Brazils
to the full extent.
"The local market has kept pace with the
movement in a central way. but operations
have been largely restricted by reason of the
lack of a complete assortment and business has
consequently b*en small h*re during December.
The present stock in first hands consists of
only 13. COO bags Central American and 6000
bags of other" kinds. Trading between second
hands, which was a feature at the time of our
lost review, has subsided, as their stocks have
also sold down to a point limiting further
transactions.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per-lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crush-d. 5.65c:
Powdered. 5.50c: Candy Granulated. 5.50c; Dry
Granulated fine. 5.40c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
B.4Cc; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c: Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags onlt). 5.20c: Confectioners'
A. 5.40c: Magnolia A. 5c; Extra C. 4.9Oc:
Golden C. 4.80c; "D." 4.70c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more:'50-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels, 0.90c: boxes. 6.15c; H. & E. Crystal
Poralr.os. 8.40c r"*r lb. No orders taken for
le*s» than neventy-fiv* barrel* or lt» equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 6%0
7c Der lb: White Lead. 0%®7c. according to
quantltv.
COAL — Wellington, $S per ton; Ntw Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $tt 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Standard. S7; Itoslyn. 57;
Coos Bay. $5 SO; Greta. $7: Wallsend. 17: Rich
mond, $7 SO; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50#
13 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. Sll 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c. Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA, #1 10@l 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 60370c per gallon:
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 6Sc for Ceylon and 65c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 8Oc; natural winter SDerm Oil. 73c; extra
bleached Winter Whale O1J. C5c: natural Whale
Oil. 60c; -extra winter strained Lard Oil. 85c*
Xo. 1 I-ard Oil. 75c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c:
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light HerrlnK Oil. 45c:
dark Herring OH. 43c; Salmon OH. 33c; boiled
Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fish OH. 3Sc; boiled Paint
Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil. S3c
COAL OIL — Water *Vhlte Coal Oil
In bulk. 15c: Peart OH in crsbb. 21%c: Astral.
2H,e; Star. 21%c: Extra Star. 25%c: Elaine.
27V4o: Eocene 2i*ie; deodorized Stove Gasoline,
in bulk. 17c; In cases. 23%c: B*n*in*>. In bulk,
13c: In cases. 19%c: 86-dezree Gasoline. In
bulk. 2Bc: In ea«es. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 83c per gallon in cases and
77c in drums and iron barrels.
6.55c; Wool Bagf. 32$55c; Fleece Twine. VnO
8c.
bard Squash. $10® 15 per ton for round lots
and %@?ic per lb for sacked.
vance. Lake, $12 62Vj@13; electrolytic,
$12 62%@12 67*6; "casting. $12 37%@12 62%-
Copper is reported to be in a firmer position
than for some time past, due chiefly to light
stocks in first hands, and to a better consum
ing demand. . , *
Lead ruled quiet and firm. Spot, $4 -35@4 45.
Spelter — Quiet, steady; unchanged at $5
©5 10. „
The iron market remains In a more or leas
unsettled condition, although v prices rule as
last quoted. ¦ '. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 10, .1904.
EAST2RN MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— The usual Saturday
dullness prevailed in alt metals to-day, with
buyers confining their demands chiefly to sup
plies to meet . immediate requirements. ¦; Tin
maintained the advance recorded yesterday and
wu firm in tone, with spot quoted at $29 25
029 45.' , ' -
Copper also ruled firm at yesterday's ad-
Mrrc Korfc ilf etal Market.
NT5W YORK Jaa 9. — Call loans, nominal
at M&2V: per cent.
NEW TORK STOCK UST.
' Fto-k*-- Sal*-*. High. Low. Close.
Atrhison *,:«» 67% < «7% CT 1^
Atchifcn pfd 000 89K «9 &>~A
Bat * Ohio 5,400 78% 79*4 78!4
Bal * Ohio pfd s .... 89H
Can P«dfic 300-117% J17«4 II7«4
Central of N J 300 . 160 160 1K>
Cbes & Ohio .700 33 32% 32%
Oil ft Alton 4.200 85% Xi 35
Chi & Alton pM.. 1,000 80 SO SO
C 4- G West 1,200 1« llWi ,15%
C *; G Wert B pffl: *V» 27'J 27% ¦ 27J5
TThlcfljro A- If XV... 700 109 IBS 168
Chi Terra A T ©00 X1U 11!4 1W
Ch( T»rm & T pfd. 1.9W tMH 24; 2<>*
C C. C tSt touls. ~ "•» 77 77-77
Colo Bo ' 1.S00 17'i 1VU 17%
Colo So 3 it pfd 100 .'.CS, !>CT» '5C\4
Colo So 2d pM.... MOO 27 Sm. 2SK
NEW TORIC Jan. 0. — The dry goods mar
ket shows little Increased activity, but th9
outlook for more active business and added
firmness to prices is generally considered
bright. • The print cloth market is usually
firm and products of print cloth are naturally
sharing in this firmness and upward tendency.
No marked change has occurred in prices, but
the prospects are fof> further readjustment. |
New York Dry Goods.
A r^rt' Fort Money Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
47
ADVERTISEiBLENTS.
j- 1 ! - — - r ——— -^——^— ——————^——— o>
§ ..Part of Marconi Certificates.. §
§ . Let Your Money Work for You 3
| MARCONI CERTIFICATES will net you from |
1 100 to 1000 per cent better results than g
g any labor of yours can produce. • §
5 ACT N0W--D0 NOT DELAY |
I ah Send your check or 'money order for as many blocks of S
to 20 as you wish. to the undersigned. No subscription for less g
S than $100. Price par for $5.00 certificates. The price may g
2 advance any day. &
8 The stcck of the British Marconi Company was put out at §
8 $5.00 and is now selling at 522 on the London Stock* Exchange, S
~ an advance of 340 p:r cent. The possibilities of the American §
S Company are much greater. g
S-. The Marconi system is indorsed by' such men as Andrew g
§ Carnegie and Thomas A. Edison, and by the press of the entire > g
8 world. Edison, Marcpnl and Pupin are the Consulting Engl- g
8 neers of the American Company. g
Q Prospectus upon application and your correspondence g
S solicited. , y 8
I F. P. \Vard & CO., 1
I Grossley Building, San Francisco I
§ Century Building, St. Louis, Mo. Farmers' Bank Building, Fit'sburg, Pa. g
« Land Title Building, Philadelphia, Pa. Union Trust Building, Cincinnati, Ohio. |
|. ' • Royal Ins.. Building, Chicago, III. ¦ §
S CORRESPONDENTS— MUNROE & MUNROE, N. Y. I
ADCTION SALES
£* FRED B. CHASE & CO., jfea
Successors to KKIip & Co..
1733 Market Street. Saa Tranelaoo,
Announce for THL'RSI>AT EVENING, a
o'clock. Jan. 14. 1904.
THE FINAL SALE
OF HORSES FROM
/ PALO ALTO STUCK FARM,
Comprising eighteen yearlings. thre« two-
year-olds, two four- year-olds and two brood
marei.
The colts and fillies are by McKlnner.
2:11%; Nutwood Wilkes. 2:16^; Mendocino.
2:10V. Xlonbells, 2:20%; Iran Alto. 2:iiH. *n<*
Dexter Prince, out of brood mares by Elec-
tioneer, Palo Alto. Advertiser, Azmoor. Nor-
val and other great sires.
'These horses are all by great sires and from
great mares and are as choice individuals as
any ever bred on the farm.
i At the same time and place several consign-
ments from various owners will be sold aa fol-
lows: The stallions Daedallon. 2:11. by
Dlaolo. dam Grace, by Buccaneer; By Mack,
by McKlnney. dam By By. by Nutwood. Also
colts and nllies by McKlnney. 2:UV»; Ray Di-
rect. 2:10: Mendocino, 2:1!H 4 : Diablo. 2:09*4:
Falrose. 2:19. entered In stakes and out of
producing clans.
Horses at yard. 1732 Market st., on Monday.
Jan. 11. Catalogues now ready.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. -
Livestock Auctioneers.
£a AUCTION SALE £*
AT 11 A. M..
MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 1904,
617 ELLIS STREET,
Tfe will sell a lot of horses used by a con-
tracting outfit, also a lot of all purposes horses.
Here are horses for everybody. "Must be sold
positively without reserve or limit.
SAM WATKIN3, Auctioneer.
"Quickest— =-Ths Highest Amount,"
Is what it means when you list your property
with me at prices that I can give value to my
customer*. Business chances, lodging houses,
stock ranches, etc. See my list before going
elsewhere. Correspondence sclicited.
A. H. ANDERSON,
"Tie Auctioneer."
Tel. Main 1832. Room 26, SOtt Market Street.'
fe £* fe
A lot of GOOD CHEAP HORSES win >v»
sold with some good wajrons. carts, surries.
bugsles and harness. TUESDAY. Jan. 12. It
a. m.. at 1140 FOLSOM ST. Closing out.
Must be sold.THE SAN FRANGISCPlCALl,; : SUNDAY. JANUARY: 10. 1904;
trlgiie of Herr Tramm. A certain
Countess, It is said, told the Emperor
that the Governor was intemperate.
The reason Herr Tramm gave for his
long period at home was that he had
suffered from bronchial catarrh.
PARIS, Jan. '9. — The # condition of
Former Premier WaIde*ck;Rosseau is
again exciting serious apprehension,"
chiefly owing to unconfirmed reports
that he is suffering from cancer of the
liver.
Waldeck-Uosscau Very 111.
-: WASHINGTON; Jan. : 9.-^General
Funston* has notified , the' ; War Depart
ment'that he -has remitted the, unexe-^
cutedJportlonTof the sentence imposed
by -'court-martial ¦ In ' the case of > Major.
i James B. Goe,. Nineteenth. Infantry?
The officer, was convicted atyancouver^
Barracks ; charges on intoxication
and absence without leave , arid ," senV
tenced to 1 be confined* to, the limits fof
his post 'for , eight months . and to " : f or
felt;$50; per month of 'hisfpay 'durjjig
that ] period. ' The ' senterice was ' ap
proved In September last
' BERLIN, Jan. 9.— Mayor Tramm of
Hanover ' appeared in the Council
House, yesterday .for the first time In
two; months and sat with the magis
trates. He. limped slightly, in con
sequence, as. Is widely .published to
day, of a pistol bullet in the leg, re
ceived In a duel with Herrvbn Bran
denstehv until -recently Governor of
the ¦ ' province of Hanover. Several
versions of the affair are printed. One,
In .the . Tageblett, seemingly reliable,
avers that Von Brandenstein believed
the Emperor had removed him "from
the Governorship as a result of an in-
MAYOR OF nAXOVER
; . . IJ3IPS , INTO COUNCIL
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. ».— Strong op
position will be raised to the practice]
of taking annual conventions of the*
Nationel Livestock and ' National Wool
Growers' Association to different cities
of the country, and it ;wlll be proposed
that a j permanent ! headquarters '-, be (es-,
tablisned at some' central^'point. where
the annual gatherings will be, held. ,'.
, J. D.' Wood of Salt Lake, one -of the,
men most prominent in- the organiza
tion, believes that- this;- should » be ..the
last time r that' the 'f hospitality of. axiy^
city should.be accepted: for -a biggen
eral meeting and that the organizations
have . attained such strength, " that. "/a
permanent .headquarters ought v to ; be
established.' ; ¦ . ' ' .. . , • S-. •*'•-. '" ;
.The following, : announcement - has
been made :1 . ";V
The Importance of • the convention
which will begin January 12 Is assum
ing greater importance as the time ap
proaches. The .question ¦ of-; forest -.re
serves, arid lands, packing-house com
bines and transportation are matters
which demand Immediate and decisive
The reduction of the. present rate of
J12.1s the result of a long -struggle of
the California' producers, which began
¦uith thfir organizing what. is. known
as the California Asphalt Sales Agency.
a concern now composed of fourteen of
the largest oil companies in the State
and managed by John Baker of the
Union OH Company.
- It is practically a restoration of the
rate In force In 1900, when the Southern
Pacific and other western lines sud
denly advanced' It lo $15. Later the
railroad companies reduced the rate to
$14 and then to $12. Efforts to secure
The announcement was made yester
tday *t th» Southern Pacific^ freight of
fice'to the effect that a reduction of $2
a ton has been made In the rate of Cali
fornia asphalt um and -bituminous ..rock
to the Missouri and Mississippi rivers
. and Chicago and New. York and com
inon points, to take effect on~ January
18, the date'eet for the application of
the new "vTest and East bound freight
tariff. . H£BBhS9R1
tenant general for a little less than five
months, Lieutenant General- S. B.'M.
.Young relinquished his duties to-day
tolhls successor in office. General Adna
R.' Chaffce, who has been acting as his
chief j assistant- for- several weeks past .'
The /change; is due to the. fact that
General Young, became 64 years ol«i
to-day- and therefore "under the -law
was 'relegated to the : retired list: J
.. General , George «Li Gillespic, who
has been since May, , 1 00 l n chlef of en
gineers. - 'succeeds \ General . Chaff ee, as
assistant, chief ; of staff, vwith thej rank
off: major .*',' general.. iVEhis is .the first
tlme r that^ an 'engineer officer has been
in 1 the ¦ line of -supreme command^of
the army,, in eighty years. General : Mc-
Cornb ~ being the . last officer . in that
branch of .the" service ,'to occupy such
a! position. <; ,
" ; By! direction! of thePresiderit. Secre
tary Root to-day Issued an order ai-
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.— After hav
ing served at the head of tjie army as
chief of staff, with -the rank of lieu-
Cattlemen and"Woolgrqwers to
Make Fight Against Hold
ing' Meetings in Various Cities
War Department Retires Lieu
tenant General and Pro
motes His Assistant to Post
Transcontinental Railroads
. Agree to a Fair* Bednction
on the California Product
CUT THE RATE
ON ASPHALTUM
CHAFEE TAKES
YOUNG'S PLACE
DELEGATES SHY
AT EXCURSIONS
a further reduction proved of no" avail
until last October, when the California
Asphalt Sales Agency decided' to send
Its manager. John Baker,, to Chicago
to confer directly with the principals
of the railroads. Before the last nam
ed Baker squarely placed the griev
ances* of the California producers,
whom he represented as suffering
greatly from the disadvantages of com
petition •with the producers.
Evidence was shown the heads of the
railroad companies to prove that Cali
fornia was In reality the largest pro
ducer of asphalt and that with a rea
sonable rate to the East its product
could be placed In the markets on- a
fair footing with the material from the
South for use in paving and roofing,
the lining of reservoirs, the coating of
buildings, manufacturing of paints, for
Insulating, pipe dipping and a hundred
other purposes. The rate existing at
the time, it was explained to the rail
road officials, had made cimpetltion
ruinous and seriously threatened the
growing industry, .- '•
Assurance was. given Baker that the
matter of a further reduction would re
ceive proper consideration, but the first
definite answer given to, the appeal: of
the California producers was inthe an:
nouncement made yesterday, that the
former $10 rate would be restored,on
January 18. • •• * ...
action by the stockgrowers of . this
country. The necessity of some.imme
diate action on the land and forest re
serve question Is recognized by Presi
dent Roosevelt, who has authorized
Hon. Glfford Plnchot, Chief Forester of
the United) States,' and Hotw. F. ,*H.
Newell, Chief Engineer of the Depart
ment of 'Geological Survey, members of
the recently appointed Land Commis
sion, to attend this meeting for the pur
pose of ascertaining the wishes of the
gtoek growers of the country. These
two subjects will be made tl\e feature
of/the discussion on Thursday, January
14, when Hon. Heber M. Wells of Utah,
•Dr.Vj. E. . Stubbs of Nevada and Hon.
'Thomas Haley of Oregon will represent
the stockmen* In the . debate, while
Messrs, Plnchot and Newell will repre
sent^ the Government. This discussion
In/itself will. be 'of 'sufficient importance
¦to justify -every stockman in hearing
it;'."' These, with other, debates oh' the
subject mentioned, will make the con-'
y entiori one of the most j interestln g^ In
the history/of the organization.! •'
nouncingr the retirement of General,
Young: and highly extolling the service
of that officer.
The order. reviews General Young's
services, beginning as 6. private of the
Twelfth ?*nnsylvania Volunteer In
fantry cr. April 26. 1861, and dosing
as chief of staff, and concludes as fol
lows:
"He goes into retirement with -the
respect and esteem of all his asso
ciates. Th£re can be no better wish
for the- army In the future than. that
its officers shall remember how dis
tinction and the highest rank have
come to this officer, not as the result
of self-seeking or political or social in
fluence, but as the result of duty well
done, a high standard "of honor, sane
and " kindly judgment and unselfish
loyalty to his commander In chief, to
the array and to the country .which he
has senved."
Funston' 'TiCniciit to Subordinate.:
48
Si.oo French Cloths at 6or. Si. 50 Silk and Wool I Bourcttcs at $1.00. ''r *'\v T " §1 00 Checked Silks at 65c.
«__ : ¦ ¦. v ' . i_ _ : ; _^— ¦ ~~~°
Special Priced Jewelry I Pot* PL C\¥&fl\ I^lti-liflfV Tr^lH^ Sfllfi School Supplies
i oe popular pieces, women aici « ... ¦ */ Complete line qi primary, grair*-
v.caring. Most of them new: all \ Black taffetas, black pedu de soies and -lots of fancy silks. . The best of it is these big fellows close out their goods while \yomen mar and high schoo j books, as
: of them doubly desirable at these I Plain and fancy zibelines bourette novelties without number; fancy are still wearing them and .wanting them. The quicker they can w dl as slates?
jidctL worsteds, plain meltons, cheviots, poplins and granite cloth's. make t he turn and get to work on what women will want the better siate pencils. i« hundred.
Gems' silk -watch fobs. 15c— reg- j Almost anything vou want and all ot it under regular" prices. .. Vh . - t • • white chalk, 12c box.
t nXn r , c Vaw-h chains. -oc- Tnere * s n ""» ore of " some than others— manufacturers' stocks don't come L ? y * ,u . Ul . • . r . Sc^°.° r 1 a b n T* closcly wovca - toc *
those with goid-piatcd slides; out even anv more than ours ao. Their remnants, mean almost full inat s wn y in *y come T0 naie s S1X slore " Tirsi * Boys' knapsacks. 23 c and 45c
Bab1- d pin C cc h t"%oc. 75 Goid-piaicd, lines to Y 011 - Six or e{ Z ht P ieces of one st y le » Mi pieces-of another, That's why we have things no one else has. ink tabiet*notc packet and let-
3 "in set with chain. * maybe two of this one or a dozen of that one gives retail choosing a That's why we ask less than any one else.' Pendf'tabSs", large size, ruled.
fh^cf < splendid opportunitv where wholesale buying has : no show at all. Will you take -advantage of what we have? — ;;6c- . . . ..
rutton? each, and of the best j r rr . jo .- ¦ j o Lead pencils with inserted rub-
™zr- ' k io ™ in w - Very - 1 Stuffs Needed Now: Money- Saved on I hem All i^^ife^CT
Gun metal ribbon pins, 6 on card. ** ' » » good, 2 for 5c.
Belt or «a5h pins, silver gray fin- | Flen ? S Golf 5liirtS Especially black silks— and as sure as you save money on the.ni j'ou Tain in quality. We want you to put Our Mail Order Depart- °™t°tc. and ioc S ' "" * COT *
ish. -oc. your faith in -Hale's silk store.' We'll give you good reason for doing it. But dress goods first. ment Pencil boxes 7c
111 ! imWMi Granite Suitings, 16gc Yard Fancy Zibelines, 8k wai S u PP i y you wjth «*** %
They are going this we*. Wei! *\^ \S^%X MM^^^M. tTH^i^pt^ Z Erasers 3 c and '
J , ..I made ones of cheviot and madras / r Hfl ,. D ,, /n v , wide. In this lot are also some black granite, suit- what you want. \ou will get as a good hardwood ruler (one
ri n T1 atScLT U1Ul ° XldlZCd ° n " f$ cloths. Some plain ;' others with . J:*!*!l*° Ur ? tte % 60c rd A \ ins5 ' « tra fe c " ra g|^ in ' : 8 f c ' o . I pr ° mpt ' M " foqt) free with every purchase.
And jet birdie chains rope pat- p!eatcd fronls> Large assor f m e n t T w" Fancy Imported Worsteds, 8>c ' , :
tern. 50 inches .ong. black onij. ,5c. didn . t fu ,, pricc We agk . Js th ! icc They are worth that right CAMiO \Z\4T*\\&in T h!fiA*C
Maw Hair nrAccino- o. patterns ana colors, ah sizeb. Wldc; grcen> cadetSf porce , ainSi castors> tans> navics . no * v f f they arc worth anything: With them are • vSOITlC t\l tCllCll 1 IlinSrS
i>CW IiaiT LJrCi>-SlllV£ All with separate Cllfts to match. and black and white. some very heavy plain pebble suitings; 50 in. wide; >>--'" T °
and Manicuring Parlors! 25c Suspenders atji2j4c: Zibelines and Others at 70c ail new colors. 85c a yard. Most Needed Noiv.
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Morrill in Good serviceable suspenders . of $r . 25 and $I . 5O matcrials . 9 sty i es in the lot. Van- Silk and Wool BouretteS, $1.00 #. Most Inexpensive Now.
charge. | strong c .^ st * c . webbmz. an v cy silk-and-wool and all-wool crash suitings; plain A noveltv material in great favor this winter; Tti<;<;e11 carnct sweeners are Si TO Familv scales o8e rvouart
Scalp treatment especially. ratMrns with braided linen ends and 2ib elines and fancy zibelines, Scotch bourettes and greens, navies, browns and blacks; <o in. wide, as . 15lSSe11 carpet sweepers are ramiiy scales 9«C. O-quart
Hair health for all now.' New ««y«PPort" .attadmrnt .00 So on . A11 f uH so inches wide. Every " yard new. well as black and whitte. You pay "$1.30 for it the tin saucepans IOC. Big deep dishpans IOC. Even a couple hundred
methods, new cures. \^iS^^!^f^^^r^^!^^ regular way. Pay $r.oo now. kitchen brooms ioc
>»T-r-ii ' ' We could go on down the list and point out the unusual fea-
6 p. m. Yesterday.. Ien s IOC Linen Collars 5c. TTl^r^ C51Lrc?» All I 1 m As^***<*+* /~* s^A tures - But >' ou do 11 can see it as quick as we can.
Silk Gloves And 20c Linen Cuffs ioc. l'llC 4JllKb« /\'I1 \J ilQCrOa ICCO Such is the message this morning from the downstairs store.
Hrrr at I ast -or 4-ply 2100 linen too. The most A ' , . ' ' J . , . ' * Thriftv housekeepers will relish it.
Plentv m know" lmencoIlars and cuffs we A » desirable-the goods that are being worn to-day and for which you will likely pay full prices jMt p ' an8 t|n Bx9 & ¦ Turkey feather dusters> 18a Unlon
Ail who have been .wanting silk The Collars are in all sizes and in " n^SS you hear of what Hale s are doing. <c. SK?" i^^SS^'Sh^V to
gloves may have them now. Not the nearly every shape you can think They are all new. All shown for the first time Monday mornintr Mllk kettles, 2 qt.. 15c. each one.
common kind either, but those dou- of. Half the pricc now. 5c. If*--- . _ to Tea kettles, for the gas or oil stoves. Fiber paila. 12 qt. ones. 23c.
ble-tipped ones (Amsterdam thevVe The Linen Cuhs are too> in Black TaffetaS Black PeaU de SoieS FaflCy Check Silks Flour'can^japanned. 25-lb. one.. 65c. MCP " Ucl * 10C "* *' *' Tt
called); r-dasp with a row Of cm- single and double links as well as some of the lowen prtcea yet. . Some c f the i<, wen prices yet. , , », • Canisters for nour. sugar, etc., 10c. _^ Cocoa Door Mats 6^C. -— «.
broidery on the back; blacks and the ordinary straight styles; near- 25c for a 60c quality (19 In.) f.6c for a 75c quality (*»4 in) Among them are some of the dressi- t-cup muffin pans 9c\ tin. ' •> -«*"
whites. 5's to S's. ly all sizes, 914 to 11 1^. ioc. <5c for a 65c Quality (27 In.) 75c for a jl.oo quality"(24 In.) cst styles we have seen. Goods en- In .n,,,rt n;ct, M nc t/v> Not the -poor, , skimpy kind, bat a
. • . — " tlcfol tt'lfc^S fy ( ihV.) !?S \Z a Vl bo SSiK SlVlS} ?*' .""V™™ looaL l Dishpans, ioc. go(?d qu p ality>good p size (l5x3O £j.
I __ I _4. I , 75c for a 51.00 quality (27 In.) *i.« ror a ji.so quality (.4 in.) 19 inches wide. Every yard good Big ones, deep ones. We arc selling , „ ,
E flCG^ 1 S nfl^P 05c for a Jl.25 quality (24 in.) Standard staple silks as eood as value for $1.00. Have your choice them regular.lv at 20c. Here' they Wringers and Wash Boards.
*"- rf*-*-^'^**^ a— rf^^ &. JL-4V-^ VJ'KJ*^*' Every yard is as good as if you paid money can buy, and yet. here they now at 65c. . are now at ha "if or ; cc Ioc ... . e . -.».•.
, „ „ . . . all it's worth. The prices mean a - are '20c, 25c and 30c a vard cheaper L 3 *4^ , . -.,, v !!,! f , . «.- Woo , den fr e ar " e wringers with io-mch
2I,2OO yards: all new; all fresh pieces. saving. The quality means a gain. than you usually get them for. 10 Styles in Fancy Silks ?fn w^fn atratae™ 1 '?^ 1 '*' *9e rollers, $1.65, worth $2.25. Good
• AU under-priced. § aUd yard in | of || | i Roman : Strj Sj , ks g A ,, /t 500 yy d. ] $&?%& Si IT^J^JT^LTT^T^
-Thcv're the stvles most women want for trimmine; wash rn , A , Q j T ' ffflMe c<v „„ , . , " .. I Ordinarily sold at 75c and 85c. Bissell Carpet Sweepers, $1.70. good we haven't many left.
• , ' . " , , , , , ., T , . ... *; V^OlOiea laneidb OUC. . What s prettier tor waists or linings? Black and white figures, fancy swivel r . rv -«v iv«i, K rt ,rrle t-^ J,'**+%, r«^ t«,.
dressed underwear and baby clothes. They re qualities,, too, that All colors are included. It's as good t 9 inches wide. With: them also stripes, Pckin stripes, fancy checks, We have been watting for them 8 or rf* h ?£™\*^ -?£^Jf?- The
are Selling in regular Stocks tO-d a V for about twice as much as VOU a c ' ot h as we know of for 75c ; 46 are some small figured designs, cords., etc. The stylish fabrics just 9 months. Here they are $1.70 in- 8 » *7 ceaoie.
....f. * ' pieces for special January selling at '35c yard too. Styles that /usually now, 25c and 35c yard less than stead of $2.25 — a saving of 55c.
VllI pay if you buy now. ip 50c yard. , sell at 50c: " .. - they usually are. Light oak or mahogany colors: " _
. _ — . — — . . j — . — . — . ¦ — o-v^uart oaucepans, ioc.
2C yard: worth AC. j.^ '. r> I J- 7 > ¦'¦'¦>¦''¦ '¦ RibbOHS >. r^ t t —' Tin; and in the regular size, tuch as
nr^hcoucTorchonE^.to Mercerized 10c Gutins: Flannels 7c . -;f/«»« 2Ic -
3 1 4 in. wide; insertions 1 In. to J\i in. * , , '^. -L, ' _.- . . . , ,- , , Chop Knlve»,-9c
Trifle; 1200 >-ards. \\T • A.* ** *> ; " Pour items much le§S than they • Chop bowls, maple, rood «li«. 13c;
. , WaiStinOfS, OOC mWi^^^mot^ . A mill bargain.
V yard: worth S c and 7 y 2 c. Tocand 7S c: . 0 T - Gc ~f^f^ fS'^itv' A Hale bargain-out for the first time to-morrow morning. S P rm^ Clothes *™. <*
EnRlish Cotton Torchon Edfflngs. 1% ~ '- • , , , , , , %. , ', ~ „ , .' J /8 inches, splendid quality, «=» . Not a ooor naalitv hnt th* fc«* ViWA
to 2 in. Trtde; insertions i to i»i in. 1 hose rich, heavy black and white cloths. Some deep cream only the best colors. It's the same flannel we can sell regularly at ioc. Here are and at a much lower price than is
. wide; S2oo yards. colored ; some in checks and plaids: some striped in colors as well Oc— Sathf Taffeta ribbon, No. two bales of mill lengths (10 to 20 yard pieces), but we'll cut usually asked. Stock up.
'¦$c yard: worth 8 1-3C and I2y 2 c. as black on white grounds. All are in the height of 'style and 12, 2 inches wide, regular them up foryou in any i cngt h you w^ant same as if they were full Lap Boards, 49c.
very -in. pattern- of En^h Torchon^^ usefulness We are fortunateto have them at bargain at th^ ' i ac-B^ack" taffeta , ribbon, No. pieces Pinks and blues. '." ? > We don't know of anything in the
«p to 4 to wide^lnsertions to match. 1 t i me . We'll sell them from a bargain square. -,. . 40, 3^ inches, very heavv. pieCeS< rmS ', town to equal them. They even
.*> 2 to. wide; 3300 yards. h * \* ,. : . ¦ : Just right for the neck 6r . »*** jam* have yard measurements.
xieW pieces; cut for the first time. < *^ >^^ **W vwm^^^ . ___ — o be left very long. ' 0— — — -O ' ¦^^IWiwTr"^- *™W&^ llttle money.
f PLACE YOUfl OBDEflS EARLY^j
I152WI CENTURY]
1 COOKBOOK [
> ,\ Another shipment will
arrive abont Jtaaary 21,
190-1.
In order to satisfy the
demand for. this premhua {
we hare ordered another
; carload of these, books,
and all persons sending to
The Cook Book Depart.
raent of this paper a sfcs 5
i months' subscription to _
Tlie Deily and Sunday
Call may secure one of the
Twentieth . Century* Cook i
Books at the. prcmiom
rate of SOc. •
I , B Oll :"!:! 9ini 1 » ab « cr *««-rtiiiW ramitl
j ZOc jddrtwail to prg]»; Iransporhtiaa |