¦The new, multiple colored photographs are strikingly beautiful in point of
desigu and boldness. Tliey are a combination of the most daring poster ef
fects with the most delicate photographs obtainable, and though there are an unlim
ited number of variations, the most popular multiple pictures are those wherein on
the face and figure are photographic, while allelse in the picture, such as head or
nameiits, necklace, ribbons, laces, flowers and the whole bewildering array of femi
nine frou frou generally is worked out in an elaborate and dashing color scheme
as for instance the picture of Mrs. Squires reproduced herewith-the face is brought
out in bold relief against a deep rich bank of roses.
PWO^O :;i,:By ; NAUGHAN ANOKEITH^. .
The Sunday Call Magazine
THE MULTIPLE
COLOR PHOTOGRAPHservants coming trom tn^jiuarters to
welcome him, while his : mother stood
watching and fondly f humoring him. . •
"Uncle EDhralm.'V he said to a re
spectful old white-haired man, "Where's
my buggy?"
jTtlght 'where you left it, suh."
"Well/hltsh up— "Ratacrow, he was
about to eay, and. then he remembered
that ' Ralncrow was 'dead. ' "Have you
got anything to drive?"
•"Yessuh; we got Mr. Basil's little
mare.".- . ; .--¦¦•-¦: , .
;,V "Hitch- her up to my buggy, then,
right away. I want you to drive me."
The old darkv looked puzzled, " but
Mrs.: Crittenden, still -with the idea of
humoring him, nodded for him to obey,
and the old man turned ; toward the
stable.. " '
, /'Yessuh— right away, suh.'! 1 •
. ",Where's 'Basil, mother V ' ¦*
Phyllis turned her face quickly.
"He'll be here soon," said his mother,
with" a smile. . . .
.The doctor looked at his .flushed face.
¦; : "ComeVon,"my boy." he said,' firmly.
''You. must get out of the sun." '-.
Crittenden shook his head.'
Marching Home Again," and Critten
den aske^d feebly: . .
"What does all this mean?"
Phyllis laughed through her tears.
"That's for you." . . . ' .-•
Crittenden's j ' brow wrinkled in a
pathetic effort to collect. his thoughts;
but he gave it up and looked at his
mother with, an unspoken question on
his lips. : Hismother smiled merely, and,
Crittenden wondered why;' but ' some-"
how he was not particularly curious —
he was ( not particularly concerned
about anything. In fact, he was get
ting weaker," and the, excitement at
the station was bringing on the fever,
again. Half the time his eyes were
closed, and when he opened them on
the swiftly passing autumn 'fields, his
gaze was listless. Once he muttered
several times, as though he' were" out of
his head; and when they drove into the
yard, bis face was turning blue at the
lips and his teeth began . to "chatter.
Close behind came the doctor's I buggy.
Crittenden climbed out slowly' and
slowly mounted the stiles. ... On the top
step he sat down, ' looking . at the old
homestead and the barn and the stub
ble wheat-fields beyond, and at the
Judith sat bare-headed on the porch
with a*J wliite >. shawl '¦ 'drawn . closely
about her neck and about her half bare
arms. % Behind her,' on the floor of the
porch,' was, where she had thrown it,' a
paper in which there was "a column
about the home-coming of Crittenden—
plain "•: Sergeant Crittenden. And there
was a Iong> editorial comment, full of
national spirit, and a plain statement
to the effect that tne next vacant seat
in Congress was his without the alklng.
The pike \ gate ". Blammed-rher father
was 4 getting home from . town. The'
buggy coming over the turf made her.
think what a change a few months had
brought to Crittenden ; and to , her; of
the ride ' borne" with him~ the previous
"Mother have I ever done anything
that you asked me not to. do?".
"No, my son." •
- "Please don't make me begin now,"
he said, gently. "Is— is she at home?"
"Yes; but she is not very well. She
has been ill a Ions while," she added,
but she did not tell him that Judith
had been nursing at Tampa, and that
she had been sent home, stricken with
fever. '
The doctor had been counting his
pulse,- and now, with a grave look,
pulled a thermometer from his pocket;
but Crittenden waved him away,
, "Not yet, doctor: not yet," he said,
and stopped a moment to control his
voice before he went on.
"I know what's, the -matter better
than you do. I'm going to have the
fever again; but I've got something to
do before "I go to bed, or I'll never get
up again. I have come up from Tampa
Just this way, and I can go on like this
for two more hours; and I'm going."
Te doctor started to speak.. but Mrs.
Crittenden shook heV head at. him. and
Phyllis' face, too, was pleading for.hlm.
"Mother, I'll be back in two hours,
and then I'll do Just what you and the
doctor say; but not, now."
. spring; . and; what she rarely {allowed
herself, she thought of the night 'of
their parting and the warm color came
to her cheeks. He had never sent her
a line, of course. The matter' would
never be mentioned— it couldn't be. It
struck her while she was listening to
the coming of the feet on the turf that
they, were much swifter than her
father's steady-going old buggy horse.
The click was different; and when the
buggy. Instead of turning toward the
stable, came, straight for the stiles, her
heart' quickened and she raised her
head. She. heard acutely the creak of
the springs as some one stepped to the
ground, and then, without waiting to
tie his horse, stepped slowly over the
stiles. Unconsciously she rose to her
feet., not' knowing what to think—to
V do.' And; then she saw that the man
wore a slouch hat, . that his coat was
off, and that a' huge pistol was buckled
around him, and then she turned for
'the door, in alarm.
"Judith!"
The* voice was weak, and she did not
know it: hut in a moment the light
from the lamp In the hallway fell upon
\a bare-headed, gaunt-featured man In
the uniform of a common soldier.
• "Judith!"
This time the voice broke a little, and
for a moment Judith stood speechless
still— unable to believe that the wreck
, before her was Crittenden. His face and
eyes were on flre— the flre of fever— she
could not know that; and he was trem
bling and looked hardly able to stand.
"I've come, Judith," he said. "I
haven't known what to do, and I've
come to tell you— to— ask "
He was searching her" face anxiously,
and he stopped suddenly and passed
one. hand over his eyes, as though he
were trying to recall something. The
I girl had . drawn . nerself slowly upward
until the honeysuckle above her head
touched her hair, and her face, that had
been so full of aching pity for him that
"Yes, dear," she said, gently; and she
put one hand on his forehead and the
other on the hand that was clinched
on his breast. Slowly his hand loos
ened and clasoed hers tight, and Crit
tenden passed, by and by, into sleep.
The doctor looked at him closely.
He had just made the rounds of the
tents oTi'Eide, and he was marveling.
There were men who bad fought brave
ly, who had, stood wounds and the sur
geon's knife -without a murmur; who,
weakened and demoralized by fever
now, were weak and puling of spirit,
and sly and thievish; who would steal
the food of the very comrades for
whom a little while before they had
risked thefr lives — men who in a fort
right had fallen from a high plane of
life to the pitiful level of brutes. Only
here and there was an exception. This
man. Crittenden. was one. When sane,
he was gentle, uncomplaining,, consid
erate. Delirious, there was never a
plaint in his \-oice; never a word passed
his Ups that his own mother might not
hear; and when his lips closed, an un
daunted spirit kept them firm.'
"Aren't you tired?"
The nurse shook her head.
1 "Then you had better stay where you
are; his case is pretty serious. I'll do
your work for you."
The nurse nodded and smiled. She
v.-as tired and worn to death, but she
sat as she was till dawn came over the
sea. for the sake of the girl, whose
fresh, young face she saw above the
sick man's heart. And she knew from
the fac<» that the other woman would
have watched just that way for her.
The thunder of big guns, Cervera's
doom, and truce at the trenches. A
trying week of hot 6un, cool nights,
tropical rains, and fevers. Then a
A tent at Siboney in the fever-camp
overlooking the sea.
"Judith! Judith! Judith!"
The doctor pointed to the sick man's
name.
"Answer him?"
But the nurse would not call his
name.
"And. doctor, give me that — what he
has in his hand, please. I know her."
"Don't put him in there, please," nod
ding toward the trench behind the
tents; "and mark his grave, won't you.
doctor? He's my burikie."
"AH right." raid Willings. kindly.
"Well, there's RTit for you," said the
other surgeon. "We'll take him next."
"Straighten him out there, won't
you?" said Crittenden. gently, as the
two men etooped for him.
THE man would die and be thrown
Into that trench; or he might.
and never know! He raised him
self on one elbow again and
dragged his quivering body after
it; he clinched his teeth; he could hear
them crunching again; he was near him
now; he would not faint; and then the
blood gushed from his mouth and he
felt the darkness coming again, and
again he heard:
"Judith— Judith!"
Then there were footsteps near him
and a voice — a careless voice:
"He's gone."
He felt himself caught, and turned
over; a hand was put to his heart for a
moment and the same voice:
"Bring in that other man; no use
fooling with this one."
When the Iicht came back to him
again, he turned his head feebly. The
shape was still there, but the moon
light had risen to the dead man's breast
and glittered on the edge of something
that -was still clinched in his right hand.
It was a miniature, and Crittenden
stared at it— unwinking— stared and
stared while it slowly came into the
strong, white light. It looked like the
face of Judith. It wasn't, of course.
but he dragged himself slowly, slowly
eloper. It was Judith— Judith as he
had known her years ago. He must
see now; he must see now, and he
dragged himself on and up until his
eyes bent over the dead man's face. He
fell back then, and painfully edged
himself away, shuddering.
"Blackford! Judith: Blackford! '
lie was face to face with the man he
had longed so many years to see; he
waf face to face at last with him — dead.
As he lay there, his mood changed
and softened and a curious pity filled
him through and through. And pres
ently he reached out with his left hand
and closed the dead man's eyes and
drew his right arm to his side, and with
his left foot he straightened the dead
man's right leg. The face was in clear
view presently — the handsome, dare
devil face — strangely shorn of its evil
lines now by the master-sculptor of the
spirit — Death. Peace was come to the
face now; peace to the turbulent spirit;
peace to the man whose heart was pure
and whose blood was tainted; who had
lived ever in the light of a baleful star.
He had loved, and he had been faithful
to the end; and such a fate might have
been his — as Justly — God knew.
Footsteps approached again and Crit
tenden turned his head.
"Why. he isn't dead!"
It was Willing?, the surgeon he had
known at Chickamauga, and Crittenden
called him by name.
"No, I'm not dead — I'm not going to
die."
WiUings gave an exclamation of sur
prise.
Cepyrlrfct. 1900, by Charlea Scrlbner's Sons.
This is the fourth and
last installment of "Crit
tenden," wherein, is re-
Tcaled the secret of who
was the unknown man
whom Judith loved with
such a love that the hero
was completely overshad
owed. And what his fate
was you may also learn.
Next week watch for
"The Two Vanrevels" —
complete in four editions.
When they came out again to the car
riage, the band started "Johnny Comes
Half out of his head, weak and, fev
erish, Crittenden climbed into the dusty
train and was whirled through the
dusty town, out through l dry marshes
and dusty woods and dusty, cheerless,
dead-flowered fields, but with an ex
hilaration (hat made his temple throb
like a woman's,
Up through the blistered, sandy,
piney lowlands; through Chickamauga
again, full of volunteers who. too, had
suffered and risked all the ills of the
war without one thrill of compensation;
and on again, until he was once more
on the edge of the Bluegraes, with
birds singing the sun down; and again
the world- for him, was changed— from
nervous exaltation to an air of balm
and peace; from grim hlls to the rolling
sweep of low, brown slopes; from giant
poplar to broad oak and "sugar tree;
from log cabin to homestead of brick
and stone. And so, from mountain of
Cuba and mountain of his own land,
Crittenden once more passed home.' It
had been green spring for the earth
when he left, but- autumn in his heart.
Now autumn lay over the earth, but
in his heart was spring.
As he 'glanced out of the window, he
could see a great crowd about the sta
tion. A brass band was standing in
front of the station door — some holiday
excursion was on foot, he thought. As
he stepped on the platform, a great
cheer was raised and a dozen men
swept toward him, friends, personal
and political, but when they saw him
pale, thin, lean-faced, feverish, dull
eyed, the cheers stopped and two pow
erful fellows took him by the arms and
half carried him to the station door,
where were waiting his . mother— and
little Phyllis.' •..•¦•-¦¦,
And Crittenden was coming home —
Color-Sereeant Crittenden, who had got
out of the hospital and back to the
trenches lust in time to receive flag
and chevrons on Ihe very day of the
surrender — only to fall ill of the fever
and go back to the hospital that same
day. There was Tampa once more —
the great hotel, the streets, silent and
deserted, except for the occasional offi
cer-that rode or matched the deep
dust of the town, and the other sol-r
diers, regulars and volunteers, who f tad
suffered the disappointment, the heat,
sickness and hardship of war with little
credit from the nation at large, and no
reward, such even as a like fidelity In .
any path of peace would have brought
them.
The two walked toward the cabin,
the negroes crowding about Bob and
shaking him by the hand and asking
a thousand absurd questions: and Bob.
while he was affable, was lordly as well,
and one or two of Bob's possible rivals
were seen to sniff, as did other young
field hands, though Bob's mammy was,
for the first time in her life, grinning:
openly with pride in her "chile," and
she waved the curious away and took
the two in her own cabin, reappearing
presently and walking toward the
kitchen. ! ...
Bob and Molly sat dov.n on opposite
6ides of the fireplace. Bob triumphant
at last, and Molly watching him fur
tively. . • •
"I believe you has sc-hiethin* to say
to me. Miss Johnson," said Bob, loftily?
"Well, I sut'nly is £la<I to welcome
you home ag'in, Mlstuh Crittenden,"
said Molly.
"Is you?"
Bcl» as <iuite independent now, and
Molly began to weaken slightly.
"An' is dat all you got t -• say?"
"Ole Miss said I must t?ll you that I
was mighty — mean— to — you — when you
went — to— de wah. an' th: . — I'm sorry."
"Well, is you sorry?"
Molly was silent.
"Quit yo' foclin', gal; ciuit vo' fool-
In'."
In a moment Bc-b was by her side,
and with 1 is arm around her: and
Molly rose to her feet with an ineffect
ual effort to unclasp his hands.
"Quit ro* foolin'!"
Bob's stron? arms began to tighten,
and the girl in a moment turned and
gave away into his arms, and with her
head on his shoulder, began to cry..
But Bob knew what sort of tears they
were, and he was as gentle as though
his skin had been as white as was his
heart.
Mo-lly came out embarrassed, twist
ing a corner of her apron and putting
it in her mouth while she walked for
ward and awkwardly shook hands.
"I think Molly has got something to
say to you. Bob. You can go, Molly,"
she added, smiling. .• • '.'
"No, Bob, he's coming home now,"
and Bob's eyes streamed. "You've been
a good boy, Bo& Come neVe;" and she
led him into the hallway and told him
to wait, while she went to the dcor of
her room and called some one.
They had let him out of the hospital,
or, rather,' he had got out by dressing
himself when his doctor was not there.
An attendant tried to stop hlmr .
"An' Young Cap'n he Jes drew his
self up mighty gran* an* says: Tm
going to join my regiment,' he. says.
'It sails to-morrow." But Ole ..Cap'n
done killed," Bob reckoned; "killed on
top of the hill where they" druv the
Spaniards out of the ditches what they
wus shootin* from." . .
Mrs. Crittenden smiled.
Was Basil well? ' '. •
"Yas'm. Young Cap'n didn' mln'.dat
little bullet- right through his neck.no
mo'n a fly bite. Nothln' gwlne to keep
dat boy back." -i ¦.':*"¦
harmless little bombardment one Sun
day afternoon— that befitted the day;
another week of heat and cold and wet'
and sickness. After that, the surren
der—and the fierce little war was over.
Meantime, sick and wounded were
homeward bound, and -of the Crltten
dens. Bob was the first to reach Cane.-' 5 '
wood. He came in one morning, hun
gry and, footsore, but with ¦" a swagger;
of importance that he had well earned. I
He had left his Young Captain Bai'li'
at Old Point Comfort, he said, where
the boy, not having had enough of war,
had slipped aboard a transport and
gone off with the Kentucky Legion for
Porto Rico— the unhappy Legion that
had fumed all summer at Chickamau
ga — and had hoisted sail for PortoRlco,
without daring to look backward for
fear It should be wiswaEged back to
land from Washington. '-" . .
in another moment she must have gone
and put her arms about him; took on a
sudden, hard quiet; and the Ions an
guish of the summer came out sud
denly in her trembling lips and the
whiteness of her face.
"To ask for forgiveness," he might
have said; but his instinct swerved
him; and —
"For mercy, Judith," he would have
said, but the look of her face stopped
the words in an unheard whisper; and
he stooped slowly, feeling carefully for
a step, and letting himself weakly down
in a wav that almost unnerved her
again; but he had begun to talk now,
quietly and evenly, and without look
ing, ud at her.
"I'm not going to stay long. I'm not
going to worry vou. I'll go awav in
'just a moment: but I had to come: I
had to come. I've been a little sick,
and I believe I've not quite got over
the fever yet: but I couldn't go through
it again without seeing you. I know
that, and that's— why— I've — come. It
Isn't the fever. Oh, no; I'm not sick at
all. I'm very well, thank you — -"
He was getting incoherent and he
knew it, and stopped a moment.
"It's you, Judith "
He stopped again, and with a painful
effort went on slowly — slowly and QUlet
ly, and the girl, without a word, stood
still, looking down at him. ' ,
"I —used —to — think — that — I —
loved— you. I — used — to — think I
was — a— man. I didn't know what love
was, and I didn't know what It was to
be a man. I know both now, thank God,
and learning each has helped me to
learn the other. If I killed all your
feeling for me. I deserve the loss; but
you must have known, Judith, that I
was not myself that night. Tou did
know. Tour instinct told you the
truth; you— knew— I loved— you— then—
and that's why— you— God bless you—
spld — what — you — did. To think that I
should ever dare to open my lips
again! but I can't help it. I was crazy.
Judith— crazy— and I am now; but it
never went at all, as I found out. going
down to Cuba— and yes, it x did come
back; but it was a thousand times
higher and better love than It had ever
been, for everything came back and I
was a better man. I have seen nothing
but your face all the time— nothing—
nothing, all the time I've been gone;
and I couldn't rest or sleep— I couldn't
even die. Judith, until I had come to
tell you that I never knew a man could
love a woman as— I— love— you— Judith.
t n
He rose very slowly, turned, and as
he passed from the light, his weakness
got the better of him for .he first time,
because of his wound3 and sickness,
and his voice broke In a half sob — the
sob that is so terrible to a woman's
ears; and she saw him clinch his arms
fiercely around his breast to stifle it
• ¦ • •
. It was the old story that night— the
story of. the summer's heat and horror
and suffering — heard and seen, and
keenly felt in his delirium; the dusty.
grimy days of drill on the hot sands of
Tampa; the long, long, hot wait on the
transport In the harbor; the stuffy, ill
smelling breath of the hold, when the
wind was wrong; the march along the
coast and the grewsome life over and
around him— buzzard and strange bird
in the air, and crab and snail and liz
ard and scorpion and hairy tarantula
scuttling through the tropical green
rushes along the path. And the hunger
and thirst and heat and dirt and rolling
sweat of the last day's march and
every detail of the day's flsht: the
stench of dead horse and dead man;
the shriek of shell and rattle of mus
ketry and yell of officer; the slo-ir rush
through the long grass and the climb
up the hfll. And always, he was
tramping, tramping, tramping through
the long, green, thick grass. Sometimes
a kaleidoscope series of pictures would
go Jumbling through his brain. ' as
though some imp were rolling the scroll
of his brain backward, forward and
sidewise; a whirling cl.ud of sand, a
driving sheet of visible bullets; a hose
pipe that shot streams of melted steel;
a forest of smokestacks; the Cash of
trailing phosphorescent foam; a clear
sky, full of stars — the mountains clear
and radiant through sunlit vapors;
campflres shooting flames Into the
darkness, and men and guns moving
past them. Through it all he could feel
his legs moving and his feet tramping,
tramping, tramping through long- gTeen
grass. Sometimes he was tramping to
ward the figure of a woman, whose face
looked like Judith's; and tramp as he
could, he could never get close enough
through that grass to know whether it
was Judith or not. But usually It was
a hill that he 'was tramping toward,
and then his foothold was good; and
while he Went slowly he got forward
and he reached the hill, and he climbed
it to a queer looking little block house
on top, from which queer looking little
blue men were running. And now and
then one would drop and not get up
again. And by and by came his time
to drop. Then he would begin all over
again, or he would go back to the
coast, - which he preferred to do, in
spite of his aching wound, and the long
wait in the hospital and the place
where poor Reynolds was tossed into
the air and Into fragments by a shell:
in spite of the long walk back .to Sib
oney; the graves of the Rough -Riders
and the scuttling land-crabs; and the
heat I and the smells. Then he would
march back again to the trenches" In
his dream, as he had done in Cuba
when he got out of the hospital. There
was the hill up which he had charged.
It looked like the abode of cave-dwell
ers—so burrowed was It -with bomb
proofs. He could hear the shouts of
welcome as his comrades and men, who
had never spoken to him before,
crowded about him..
How often he lived through that last
proud little" drama of his soldier life*
There was his captain wounded, and
there was the old sergeant— the "Gov
ernor" — with chevrons and a flag.
"You're a sergeant. Crittenden," said
the captain.
He, Crittenden, in blood and sym
pathy *the spirit of secession— bearer
now of the stars and stripes! How his
heart thumped, and how his. head
reeled when he caught the staff and
looked dumbly up to the folds; and in
spite of all his self-control, the tears
came, as they came again and again in
his delirium. .
Right at that moment there was a
great bustle in camp. And still holding
that flag, Crittenden marched with his
company ud to the trenches. There
was the army drawn up at parade, in
a great ten-mile half circle and facing
Santiago. There were the red roofs of
the town, and the batteries, which
were to thunder word when the red and
yellow flag of defeat went down and
the victorious stars and stripes rose
up. There were little men in straw hats
and blue clothes, coming from Santiago
and swinging hammocks and tethering
horses in an open field, while more lit
tle men In Panama, hats were advanc
ing on the American trenches, tainting
THE SAN FRANCISCO. SUNDAY. CALL.
2
CRITTENDENgiven her the locket and had. told .her
the storv of that night in the hospital.
She had shown no surprise,, and but
very little emotion; moreover, she was
silent. And Crittenden, too. was silent,,
and, as always, asked no questions. It
was her secret: she did nob wish him
to know, and his trust waa unfaltering.
Besides, he had his secrets as well. He
meant to tell -her some day, and she
meant'to tell him: but the. hours were
so full- of sweet companionship that
both forbore to throw \he semblance of
a shadow on the sunny days 'they spent
together.
It was at the stiles one night that
Judith handed* Crittenden 'back the
locket that had come from the stiffened
band of the Rough Rider, . Blaekford,
along with a letter, stained, soiled, un
stamped, addressed to herself, marked
on the "envelope, "Soldier's letter," and
countersigned by his captain. .
"I heard him say at Chickamauga
that he was from Kentucky," ran the
letter, "and that his name was Critten
den. I saw yenr'name on a piece cf
paper that b!ew\ put, of his tent one
day. I jyuessed what was between you
two, and I asked him to be my 'bunkie;'
but as you never Hold him my name, -I
never told him who I was." I went with
the , Rough Riders, but we .have been
camped ' near each other. To-morrow
comes ,the \ big fi»ht.' : Our regiments
will doubtless advance together. I shall
watch out for him as- long as I am
alive. I shall be. shot. It-is no premoni
tion—no fear, no belief. \I know it. I
still have the locket you gave me. If I.
.could. . I would give it to him; but he
would know who>I am. and it seems
your wish. that he should not know. I
should like to see you once more, but I
should not like you to* see me. I am
too much changed; I can see it in my
own face. Good-night.- Good-by."
There was , no,name signed. The Ini
tials were J. P., and Crittenden looked
up inquiringly. ./ \
"His name was not Blackford; It was
Page— Jack: Page. He was my cousin,"
she xwent on gently. "Thatls why I
never told you. It all happened while
you were at college. While you "were
here, he- was 'usually; out* West;- and
people thought r e weresmerely cousins,
and that I was weaning him from | his
..unhappy ways. . I .Was .young and .fool
ish, but I had— you know the rest." ;
' The" tears 'gathered in her eyes.
"God pity him!" 7 .' -•
Crittenden turned, "from '. her. and
walked to and fro, and Judith rose and
j walked up to him, looking him In ¦ the
eyes.- • ( ¦ • -.-."¦.¦ -.'¦. . - v.- ¦¦; -,:¦: ¦
dear," she said; , "I am. sorry. for
him now-^sorry; \\ so sorry! .. I, wish. I
could have helbed him* more. , : That is
all. It has all gone— long ago." It never
were coming homeward and the sheep
were still browsing — out of the quiet
and peace and stillness and purity and.
sweetness of it all came his last vision —
the vision of a boy with a fresh open
face and no shadow across the mirror
of his clear eyes. It looked like Basil,
but it was "the little brother" c-f him
self coming back at last — coming with
a glad, welcoming smile. The little
man was running swiftly across the
fields toward him. He had floated light
ly over the fence, and was making
straight across the yard for his win
dow; and there he rose and floated in,
and with a boy's trustfulness put his
small, chubby hand in the big brother's,
and Crittenden felt the little fellow's
cheek close to his as he slept on, his
lashes wet with tears. .
The mother opened the door; a tall
figure slipped gently In; the door was
closed softly after it again,. and Judith
was alone; for Crittenden still lay with
his eyes closed, and the 1 girl's face whit
ened with pity and flamed slowly, as
she slowly slip'ped forward and stood
looking down at him. As she knelt
down beside him, something that she
held in her hand clanked s'oftly^against
the bed and Crittenden opened his
eyes.
"Mother!"
There was no answer. Judith had
buried her face in her hands. A s<5b
reached his ears and. he turned quickly.
"Judith." he said; "Judith," he re
peated, with a quick breath. "Why, my
God, you! Why — you— you've come to
see me! you, after all— you!"
He raised himself slowly, and as he
bent over her, he saw his father's
sword, caught tightly in her j white
hands— the old sword that was between'
him and Basil to win and wear— and he
knew the meaning of it all. and he had
to steady himself to keep back his own
His voice choked: he could get no
further, and he folded his arms about
her head and buried his face in her
hair. .. 1
XV.
The gray walls of Indian summer
tumbled at the horizon and let the
glory of many fires shine out among the
leaves. Once or twice the breath of
winter smote the earth white at dawn.
Christmas was coming and God was
good that Christmas.
Peace came to Crittenden during the
long, dream-like days— and happiness;
and high resolve had deepened. .¦ .
Day ; by day; Judith opened to him
some new phase of loveliness, and he
wondered how. he , could have ever
thought that he knew herf that he
loved her, as he loved her now. He had
Now Crittenden was looking out on
the sward, green with the curious
autumn-spring that . comes In that
bluegrass land: a second spring that
came every year to nature, and was
coming this year to him. And in his
mood for field and sky was the old,
dreamy mistiness of pure delight-^splr-
Itual— that he had not known for many
years. It was the spirit of his youth
come back— that distant youth when
the world was without a shadow; when
his own sour had no tarnish of evil;
when passion was unconscious and
pure; when his boyish reverence was
the only feeling he. knew toward every
woman. And lying thus, as the sun
sank and the shadows stole slowly
across the warm bands of sunlight, and
the meadow-lark called good-night
from the meadows, whence the cows
Crittenden went to bed that day and
lay there delirious and In serious dan
ger for more than a fortnight. But at
the end a reward came for all the ills
of his past and all that could ever come.
His long fight was over, and that after
noon he lay by his window, which was
open to the rich, autumn sunlight that
sifted through the woods and over the
pasture till it lay in golden sheens
across the fence and the yard and
rested on his window-sill, rich enough
almost to grasp with his hand, should
he reach out for It. There was a little
color in his face— he had eaten one
good meal that day. and bis Ibng fight
with the fever was won. He did not
know that -in his delirium he had
spoken of Judith— Judith— Judith— and
this day and that had given out frag
ments from which his mother could
piece out the story of his love; that, at
the crisis, when his mother was about
to go to the girl, Judith had come of
her own accord to his bedside. He did
not know her, but he grew quiet at
once when the girl put her hand on his
forehead.
And who knew but that up where
France's great statue stood at the
wide-thrown portals of the great city
of the land, it had not given to the
mighty torch that nightly streams the
light of liberty across the waters
from the New World to the^Old— who
knew that It had not given to that
light a steady, ever-onward reaching
glow that some day should illumine the
earth?
• • •
The Cuban fever does not loosen Its
clutch easily.
those brothers shoulder to shoulder
with our brothers across the' sea. In
the interest of humanity, it had freed
twelve million people of an alien race
and another land, and It had given us
a better hope for the alien race in our
own.
"And Ood was . good .that Christmas.
The day was snapping cold, and just a
fortnight tiefore Christmas eve. There
had been. a heavy storm of wind and
sleet the night before, and theWgroe3
of Canewood, headed by Bob and Uncle
Ephraim. were searching the woods for
the biggest fallen oak they could find.
The frozen grass "was strewn' with
wrenched limbs, and here and there
was an ash or a sugar tree splintered
and .prostrate,' but wily Uncle Ephraim
was; looking for' a yule log that would
burn' slowly and burn'long; for as long
as the log burned, just that long lasted
the holiday "of every darky, pn the place.;
So the search was careful and lasted
till a'yell rc-se from Bob, under a cliff by
the side of the creek— a yell of triumph
that sent the negroes in a rush toward
him. "Bob stood on the torn and twisted
roots of a" great oak.that wind and ice
had tugged from its creek- washed roots
and stretched parallel with the water—
every tooth showing delight in his find.
With the cries and laughter of chil
dren, two boys sprang upon the tree
with axes." but Bob waved them back.
"Go, back an' git dat cross-cut saw!"
he said. . '-¦•-,
"Bob, as ex- warrior, took precedence
even of his elders now. ."'
"Fool niggers don't seem to know
dar'll be.mo'.wood'to burn if we don't
waste de chips!'V .
The wisdom of this was clear, and'In
a few minutes, the "long-toothed saw
was singing through the tough bark of
the old monarch— a darky at each end
cf it. the tip.of his tongue in the corner,
of his mouth, .the muscles of each pow
erful arm.playing like cords of elastic
steel under its' black Bkin-^rthe* sawyers,
each time with' a mighty '. grunt.' drew
the shining^ whistling blade to and fro
to the handle. Presently they began to
sing— improvising:
Pull him t'rob! (grunt)
. Yes. man.''
.. Pull him t'roo — huh!
was. I did" not know until' I left you
here'at the stiles that night."
Crittenden looked inquiringly into her
eyes, before he stooped to kiss her.' She
answered his look.
"Yes," she said simply; "when I .sent
him a war." * .
Crittenden's conscience smote him
sharply. What right had he to ask
such a .cuestion — even with a look?
'•Come; dear," he^said; "'I want to tell
you all — now."
But Judith stopped him with a ges
ture.
"Is there anything that may cross
your life hereafter — or mine?"
"No, thank God; no.""
Judith put her finger on his lips.
"I don't want to know."
"Why, Phyllis."
Phyllis was giving way. and. there
upon, with her own mother and Basil's
mother looking on, and to Basil's
blushing consternation, she darted for
his neck-band and kissed him on the
throat. The throat flushed, and In the
flush a tiny white spot showed — the
mouth of a tiny wound where a'Mau
ser bullet had hissed straight through.
Then the old auditorium again, and
Crittenden, who had welcomed the Le
gion to camp at Ashland, was out of
bed, against the doctor's advice, to wel
come it to home and fireside. And
when he faced the crowd— If < they
cheered Basil, what did they do now?
He was startled by the roar that broke
courteously. And there were American «
officers jumping across the trenches to i
meet them, and while they were shak- <
ing hands, on the very stroke of twelve, i
there came thunder — the thunder of •
two-score and one salutes. And the <
cheers, gathering volume as they came, <
swinging through the center far to the 1
left, and swinging through the center i
back again, until they broke in a wild i
storm against the big green hills. A j
etorm that ran down the foothills to the j
rear was mingled with the surf at 3
Siboncy and swung by. the rocking i
transports out to sea. Under the sea. j
too, it sang, along the cables, to ring
on through the white corridors of the ,
great capitol, and spread like a hurri- ]
cane throughout all the waiting land ,
at home! Then he could hear bands .
playing— playing the "Star-Spangled ,
Banner"— and the soldiers cheering and j
cheering again. Suddenly there was ,
quiet; the bands were playing hymns— (
old, old hymns that the soldier had (
heard with bowed head at his mother's j
knee, or In some little old country ,
church at home — and what hardships, j
prlvi tions, wounds, death of comrades
had rarely done, those old hymns did .
now— they brought tears. Then some '
thoughtful soldier pulled a bc-x of hard- '
tack across the trenches and the little '
, Spanish soldiers fell upon it like school
boys and scrambled like pickaninnies '
for a penny.
Thus it was that day all around the
shining circle of sheathed bayonets, si
lent carbines, and dumb cannon-mouths
at the American trenches around San
tiago, where the fighting was done.
And on a little knoll not far away
stood Sergeant Crittenden, swaying on
his feet— color-sergeant to the folds of
the ever- victorious, ever- beloved Old
Glory waving over him. with a strange
new wave of feeling surging through
him. For then and there, Crittenden.
Southerner, died straightway and
through a travail of wounds, suffering,
sickness, devotion and love for that flag ,
— Crittenden, American, was born.
And Just at that proud moment, he
would feel once more the dizziness
seize him. The world would turn dark,
and again he would sink slowly.
And again, when all this was over,
the sick man would go back to the long
prass and tramp it once more until his
Jess ached and his brain swam. And
when it was the hill that he could see,
he was quiet and got rest for a while;
and Tvhen it was the figure of Judith —
he kir?w now that it was Judith — he
w outd call aloud for her, just as he did
In the hospital at Siboney. And always
the tramp through the long grass
would begin again —
Train p — tramp — tramp.
He was very tired, but there was the
long {Trass ahead of him, and he must
get through it somehow.
Tramp — tramp — tramp.
• • •
xiv.
Autumn came and the Legion was
coming home — Basil was coming home.
And Phyllis was for one hour haughty
and unforgiving over what she called
his shameful neglect and. for another,
in a fever of unrest to see him. No,
she v as net going to meet him. She
would wait for him at her home, and
he could come to her there with the
honors of war on his brow and plead
on bended knee to be forgiven. At
least that was the picture "that she
sometimes surmised in her own mind,
though she did nqt'want Basil kneeling
to anybody — not even to her.
The town made ready and the spirit
of welcome for the home-coming was
oddly like the spirit of God-speed that
had followed them six months before;
only there were more smiling faces,
more and madder cheers, and as
many tears, but this time they were
tears of joy. For many a mother and
daughter who did not weep when father
and brother went away, wept now, that
they were coming home again. They
had run the risk of fever and sickness. •
the real terrors of war. God knew
they had done their best to get to the
front, and the people knew what ac
count they would have given of them
selves had they got their chance at
war. They had had ail the hardship
—the long, long hardship without the
one moment of recompense that was
the soldier's reward and his sole oppor
tunity for death or glory. So the peo
ple gave them all the deserved honor
that they would have given had they
stormed San Juan or the stone fort at
Caney. The change that even In that
short time was^wrought In the regi
ment, everybody saw; but only the old
ex-Conlederates and Federals on the
street knew the steady, veteran-like
swing of the march and felt the solid
unity of form and spirit that those few
months had brought to the tanned
youths who marched now like soldiers
indeed. And next the colonel rode the
hero of the regiment, who had got to
Cuba, who had stormed the hill, and
who had met a Spanish bullet face to v
face and come jjff conqueror — Basil,
sitting his horse as only the South
erner, bora to the saddle, can. How
they cheered him, and how the gallant,
generous old colonel nodded and bowed,
as though to say:
"That's right: that's right- Give It
to him! give it to him!"
Phyllis— her mother and Basil's moth
er being present— shook hands merely
with Basil when she saw him first at
the old woodland, and Basil blushed
like a girL They fell behind as the
older people walked toward the audi
torium, and Basil managed to get hold
of her hand, but she pulled It away
rather haughtily. She was looking at
him very reproachfuly, a moment later,
when her eyes became suddenly fixed
to the neck of his blouse, and filled
with tears. Sho began to cry softly.
As Christmas day drew near, gray
clouds marshaled and, loosed white
messengers of peace and 'good- will to
the frozen earth until the land was
robed In a thick. '.'sett, shining mantle
of pure white— the first spirituallzation
of the •earth for the birth of spring.
It was the mother's wish that her two
sons should marry on the same day,
aqd on that day. and Judith and Phyl-
" God was good that Christmas— good
to the nation, for he brought to it vic
tory and peace, and made it one and in
divisible in feeling, as it already was in
fact;, good, to the State, for it had
sprung loyally' to the. defence of the
country, and had won all the honor
that was in the effort to be won, and
man nor soldier can do more; good to
the • mother, for the whole j land rang
with praises 'of her 'sons, and her own
people swore that to one should be given
once more the seat of his fathers In the
capitol; but best to her when the bishop
came to'ordain, and, on his knees at the
chancel and waiting for the good old
man's hands, was the best beloved of
her children and her first born— Clay
Qrittenden. To her a divine purpose
| seemed apparent, to bring her back the
best of the old past and all she prayed
for the future.
•'Gord'." said a little negro with bandy
legs. "Soak dat log till Christmas an'
I reckon he'll burn mo'n two weeks."
"Hoi* on," said Bob; and he drove a
spike - into the end of the log, tied
one end of a rope to the spike, and the
other to a pliant young hickory, talk
ing meanwhile:.
"Gwine to rain, an* maybe ole Mister
Log try to slip away like a thief in de
dark. Don't git away from Bob; no,
suh. You be heah now Christmas eve—
sho'!"  Y :&x&
There was a tightening of big, black
biceps, a swelling of powerful thighs, a
straightening of mighty backs; the
severed heart xreaked .and . groaned,
rose slightly, turned and rolled with a
splash into the black, winter water. An
other delighted chorus:
"Dyar now!"
And the saw sang with them in per
fect time, spitting out the black, moist
dust Joyously — sang with .them and
without a breath for rest: for as two
pair of arms tired, another fresh, pair
of sinewy hands grasped the handles.
In an hour the whistle of the saw be
gan to rise In key higher and highe*r,
and as the men slowed up carefully, it
gave a little high squeak of triumph,
and with a "kerchunk" dropped to the
ground. , With more cries and laughter,
two men rushed for fence-rail3 to be
used as levers.
There was a chorus now:
Soak him in de water,
Up. now!
Soak him in de water.
Up, now!
O Lawd, soak long!
Saw. him to de heart. • • \
• ¦ •
Gwine to' have Christmas.
Yes. man!
Gwine to have Christmas.
Yes. man!
Gwine to have Christmas
Long as he can bu'n.
• • « •
Burn long, log!
Yes, log!
Burn long, log!
Heah me, lag. burn long!
Gib dis nigger Christmas.
Yes .Lawd.long Christmas!
Gib dls nigger Christmas!
O log. burn long!
• • •
She looked up quickly, the dream
gone from her face, and In its place the
light of love and perfect trust, and she
stood still, her arms hanging at ' her
sides — waiting.
"Sweetheart!" ,
God was good that Chrlstmt*
THE END.
Judith was standing in the drawing
room on his hearth, looking into nis
fire and dreaming. Ah, God, to think
that it should come to pass at last!
He entered so softly that she did not
hear him. There was no sound but the
drowsy, tick of the great clock In the
hall and the low song of the fire.
"Sweetheart!"
Then came toasts after the old fash
ion — graceful toast3 — to the hostess and
the brides, to the American soldier,
regular and volunteer. And at the end.
Crittenden. regular, raised his glass and
there was a hush.
It was sood. he said, to go back to
the past: good to revive and hold fast
to the ideals that time had proven best
for humanity; good to go bade to the
earth, like the Titans, for fresh
strength; good for the man, the State,
the nation. And It was best for tie
man to go back to the ideals that had
dawned at his mother's knee; for there
was the fountain-head of the cation's
faith in its God. man's faith In his
nation — man's faith in his fellow and
faith in himself. And he drank to one
who represented bis own early Ideals
better than he should ever realize them
for himself. Then he raised his glass*
smiling, but deeply moved:
"My little brother."
He turned to Basil when he spoke
and back again to Judith, who, of all
present, knew all that he meant, and he
saw her eyes shine with the sudden
light of tears.
At last Came the crack of wheels on
the snow outside, the cries of servants*
the good-bys and good wishes and con
gratulations from one and all to one
and all; the mother's kiss to Basil asd
Phyllis, who were under their mother's
wing; the last calls from the doorway;
the light of lanterns across the fields;
the slam of the pike gate— and. over ths
earth, white silence. The mother kissed
Judith and kissed her son.
"My children!"
Then, as was her custom always, she
said simply:
"Be sure to bolt the front door* my
son." .
And, as he had done for years, Crit
tenden slipped the fastenings of the big
hall door, paused a moment, and looked
out. Around the earner of the still
house swept the sounds of merriment
from the quarters. The moon had risen
on the snowy fields and white-cowled
trees and draped hedges and on the
slender white shaft under the bent
willow over his father's and his uncle's
grave — the brothers who had fought
face to face and were sleeping side by
side in peace, each the blameless gen
tleman who had reverenced his con
science as his king. and. without re
gret for his way on earth, had set bis
foot, without fear, on the long way Into
the hereafter.. For one moment • his
mind swept back over the short, fierce
struggle of the summer.
As they had done, so he had tried to
do; and as they had lived, so he, with
God's help,, would live henceforth to the
end. For a moment he thought of the
flag hanging motionless In the* dim
drawing-room behind him— the flag of
the great land that was stretching out
its powerful hand to the weak and op
pressed of the earth. And then with a
last look to the willow and the shaft
beneath, his lips moved noiselessly:
"They will sleep better to-night,**
Us yielded. So early that afternoon
she saw together Judith, as pure and
radiant as a snow-hung willow in the
sunshine, and her son, with the light in
his face for which she had prayed so
many years— saw them standing to
gether and clasp hands forever. They
took a short wedding trip, and that
straight across the crystal fields, where
little Phyllis stood with Basil in uni
form—straight and tall and with new
lines, too, but deepened merely, about
his handsome mouth and chin — waiting
to have their lives made one. And.
meanwhile. Bob and Molly too were
making ready; for if there be a better
hot-bed of sentiment than the mood of
man and woman when the man is go
ing to war. It is the mood of man and
woman when the man has come home
from war: and with cries and grunts
and great laughter and singing, the
negroes were pulling the yule-log from
its long bath and across the snowy
fields; and when, at dui.: the mother
brought her two sons and her two
daughters and the Pages and Stantons
to her own roof, the big log. hidden bjr
sticks of pine and hickory, was sputter-
Ing Christmas cheer with a blaze and
crackle that warmed body and heart
and home. That night the friends came
from afar and near: and that night
Bob. the faithful, valiant Bob. In a
dress-suit that was his own and new,
and Mrs. Crittenden's own gift, led the
¦aucy Molly, robed as no other dusky
bride at Canewood -was ever arrayed.
Into the dininsr-rc-ORi. while the serv
ants crowded the doors and hallway
and the white folk climbed the stairs to
give them room. And after a few sol
emn moments. Bob caught the girl In
his arms and smacked her lips loudly.
"Now, gal. I reckon I got yer!" he
cried; and whites and blacks broke Into
Jolly laughter, and the music of fiddles
rose in the kitchen, where there was a
feast for Bob's and Molly's friends.
Rose, too, the music of fiddlers under
the stairway in the hall, and Mrs. Crit
tenden and Judge Page and Crlttenden
and Mrs. Stanton. and Judith and Basil
and none other than Grafton and radi
ant little Phyllis led the way for the
opening quadrille. It was an old-fash
ioned Christmas the mother wanted,
and an old-fashioned Christmas, with
the dance and merriment and the
graces of the old days, that the mother
had. Over the portrait of the eldest
Crittenden. who slept in Cuba, hung the
flag of the single star that would never
bend its colors again to Spain. Above
the blazing log and over the fine
strong face of the brave father, who
had fought to dissolve the Union, hung
the stars and bars — proudly. And over
the brave brother, who looked down
from the north wall, hung proudly the
stars and stripes for which ha had
given his young life.
against the roof. As he stood there,
still pale, erect, modest, two -pairs of
eyes saw what no other eyes saw. two
minds were thinking: what none others
were — the mother and Judith Page.
Others saw him as the soldier, the gen
erous brcther. the returned hero. Thesa
two looked deeper and saw the
man who had been forgeS from dross
by the nre of battle and fever and the
nre of love. There was much humility
in the face, a new fire in the eyes, a
nobler bearing— and his bearing had al
ways been proud— a nobler sincerity, a
nobler purpose.
He spoke not a word of himself— not
a word of the sickness through which
he had passed. It was of the long pa
tience and the patriotism of the Amer-,
lean soldier, the hardship of camp life,
the body-wearing travail of the march
In tropical heat. And then he paid his
tribute to the, regular. There was no
danger of the volunteer failing to get
credit for what he had done, but the
regular — there was no one to speak
for him in camp, on the transports, on
the march. In tropical heat, and pn the
battle-field. He had seen the regular
hungry, wet, sick, but fighting still:
and he had seen him wounded, dying,
dead, and never had he known anything
but perfect kindness from one to the
other; perfect courtesy to outsider;
perfect devotion to officer, and never a
word of complaint — never one word
cf complaint.
"Sometimes I think that the regular
who has gone will not open his lips if
the God of Battles tells him that not
yet has he earned eternal peace."
As for the war itself, 'it had placed
the nation high among the seats of* the
mighty. It had increased our national
pride, through unity, a thousand fold.
It would show to the world and to our
selves that the heroic mold in which
the sires of the nation were, cast is
still casting the sons of to-day; that we
need not fear degeneracy nor dissolu
tion for another hundred years—smil
ing as he said this, as though the
dreams of Greece and Rome were to be
come realities here. It had put to rest
for a time the troublous social problems
of the dav: it had brought together
every social element in our national
life— coal-heaver and millionaire, stu
dent and cowboy, plain man and gen
tleman, regular and volunteer— had
brought them face to face and taught
each for the other tolerance, under
standing, sympathy, high regard; and
had wheeled all into a solid front
against a common foe. It had thus not
only brought shoulder to shoulder the
brothers of the North and South, but
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL!
3Continued on Page Fifteen.
great, they had the proud satisfaction
of knowing that they were - running
and dressing according to the court
calendar. ..
During the sixteenth century Korea
was Invaded several times by the
Japanese, and prodigies of valor were
accomplished on both sides. The up
shot of these wars was to engender
one of the most pronounced cases of
racial antipathy I have ever encoun
tered. It Is' now three hundred years
old and shows no signs of abating. As
a result of their many Invasions the
Japanese ; remained in possession of
Fusaiva; little; port in the southeast
corner of : Korea, around* which they
built awall and a string of little stone"
forts. They held It idle many years,
as the English did Calais, in France,
against the timVbf thoir next invasion,
and that came in 18S5, when Jealousy
as to their respective rights and duties
In Korea brought about war between
.One of the results of this war. In
which the Koreans perserved an atti
tude of amused impartiality, was the
Introduction of the Japanese calendar
in Seoul and a lot more objectionable
features, of the conqueror's pro
gramme. • Every department of the
Korean Government, which had got
along so noiselessly in the sleepy old
days of the Chinese misfit calendar,
was now simply crowned with Japan
ese advisers, who. had been graciously
loaned to the King by his imperial
cousin of Japan, though the large fat
salaries Ihey drew came out of the de
pleted, treasury of the Hermits, who
now, very much against their will.
purpose. Several thousand years ago,
as v.-e all know, the Koreans' were in
tellectually a prodigiously, active peo
ple.' They had printing presses before
Gutenberg was ever dreamed of, and
they had monitors and ironclads
twenty generations at least before
Ericsson was born. This great mental
activity has been followed by a period
of brain weariness which is apparent
the first day you arrive. in Korea.
Bright enough though they are
when they want to be, every Korean
Impresses you as wishing to avoid
working his brain. However, they did
want to know where they were at and
how, the seasons passed, If this could
be ascertained without astronomical
calculations, which, as we know, are
so wasting i upon the gray matter and
the nervous tissues. ' So the Emb^ror
of China sent every year by his Em
bassador a calendar in which not only
were the seasons set forth, but much
other . useful and timely advice was
given. For instance, the calendar
would say: "March 20 the season of
the great cold ends; you can. put on
your spring clothes. July 10 the great
heat begins; shed your wadded overalls
and show your skin." The Kin* would
Immediately order the calendar re
printed and have it distributed
throughout the land, and so it can be
said that the whole of Korea went by
Peking time. The calendar did not fit
in very well with the weather condi
tions of Seoul, and the Hermits often
sweltered in their wadded overalls and
blouses when the warm weather had
come, but like many another .people,
though the physical discomfort was
The duties of this Chinese Embassa
dor to Korea were not onerous and the
Koreans lodged . him free,' used him
very well in every way and sent him
home laden with rich presents. His
duties were hardly diplomatic, there
being apparently at that time no busi
ness of state between the two coun
tries worth discussing. More than
anything else he was a literary agent
pledged to boom the study of Con
fucius and to make known to the
literati of Seoul the latest commen
taries on the disputed or more ojbscure
passages of the sage by the Han-lin
professors.
But the mission had one business
feature and served at least one useful
As a matter of fact the only connec
tion Korea had at thl3 time with the
world outside was through a Chinese
Embassador who came every year
from the court of Peking to the penin
sula. Recen'Ty the attempt was made
to show that the relations between
China and Korea were those of a
suzerain power and a tributary state.
If they were so, at least the Koreans —
certainly the people most directly con
cerned — were not aware of it. They
had — and in a measure still have — a
sentimental attachment to the Chin
ese, and they showed their respect for
the Emperor of their neighbors. by
speaking to him in even more exalted
honoriflcs than were required by, eti
quette when addressing their own
ruler.
were practically pirates who had gone
to Korea on a gamble in which they
lost everything — Including their lives.
arCTIL ten years ago Korea, now
the storm center of the Far
East, well deserved its poetic
name — the Land of the Morn
ing Calm. Then what has become the
Naboth's vineyard of the Asian coast
was generally referred to, when refer
ence was necessary, as the Hermit
Kingdom, and it kept severely to it
self. In 1866, however, an adventur
ous Hamburg merchant, listening to
the f^airy tales of the Shanghai settle
ment, fitted out an • expedition and
tried to penetrate the forbidden land.
It was generally thought that the ob
ject of the Hamburger's venture was
to rob the royal tombs at Pingan,
which were reputed to contain much,
treasure. However, he returned
empty handed. Then we Americans
got Into a little war with the Hermits
about an American schooner, the Gen
eral Sherman, which disappeared up a
Korean river, and together with the
crew was never heard of again. Our
marines and bluejackets went up the
Han. River nearly to the Korean capi
tal and gave the tiger hunting batta
lions of the then King a good drub
bing:, but ne did not push the war to
a conclusion or insist upon the com
plete satisfaction and reparation
.which Sir Harry Parkes and some
other English Judges thought we
should have had.
* Our want of energy was really due
to the apparently well substantiated
fact that the crew of the Sherman
BY STEPHEN BOXSAL.
But op to the present these efforts
have not been crowned with success.
The King of Korea, who now, as
though to emphasise the pltifulness of
his position, styles himself Emperor,
Is a bright little man with a very im
posing face and sympathetic eyes. He
has a greater insight Into Western
-ways and manners than any other
Eastern potentates I have known, with
the exception of the King of Slam, and
has borne himself with considerable
dignity in the many trying positions
in which he has been placed by the
•recent course of events. However, he
Is not a strong man, he seems to have
no power over his lethargic subjects,
arid probably, should war again take
place about the final disposition of
Korea, he and his people will, as in
1894, maintain an attitude of impas
sive reserve and indeed indifference to
the result. The Crown Prince, whose
picture Is given as he beams out from
the audience pavilion, is a cheerful
idiot, who has, I believe, been recently
supplanted In favor of another son.
However, the fault seems to be in the
race rather than in the individual.
The Koreans have lived too long with
no admixture of fresh blood.
For some years past, in fact ever
since the war with China, a company
in which were interested many promi
nent Japanese has been engaged in
promoting the construction of a raJl-
The Queen was undoubtedly the
head and front of the anti-Japanese
party, trat her death ur.der such dis
graceful circumstances did not have
the result which the conspirators un
doubtedly hoped from it. Russian
diplomacy, of course, made the most
of the opportunity. For a few months
practical anarchy reigned throughout
the country, and at last the King In
fear of his life took refuge in the Rus
sian legation. This was the end of
whatever pretense of independence
Korea up to that time had maintained.
For seven years now the only power
In the country has been that of the
antagonistic legation? of Japan and
Russia. • Our efforts have been con
fined to seeking to Induce Korea to
open more treaty ports, with the
double purpose of increasing our mar
kets and as (a means of life insurance
to the threatened kingdom. Of
course, the fate of Korea at an early
day la annexation to *tfr efficient
power, and the treaty ports and treaty
rights form some slight obstacle to
offhand annexation, as the case of
Jvlucbwang in the Manchurian diffi
culty dearly demonstrates. . V ; t
found themselves right In the midst
of things.
The first and the most prominent of
these advisers -who had been loaned to
the Koreans regardless of cost was Mr.
Hoshl Toru. afterward Japanese Min
ister In Washington, where he became
celebrated for hi3 close study and ad
miration of the Tammany system of
political organization. He tried to
Introduce the system In Tokio, the
Japanese capital, and was promptly
assassinated. But in Seoul Hoshl was
a reformer of the most uncompromis
ing character and made himself most
cordially detested by the Koreans, as
I had ample opportunity of seeing.
Mr. Hoshl , knew a great many things,
but he had forgotten the fact, which
It Is especially well for reformers to
recall every now and then, that Rome
was not built in a day.
He made fun of the old customs of
the country. He even ordered the
Koreans to cut off their topknot hair
adornments. He said men were not
necessarily wise because they had hair
growing out of their ears, and he dis
couraged the- habit of Korean states
men of pretending they could not walk
and appearing at the councils of state
supported by their bond slaves. He
also ridiculed their flowing sleeves and
abundant skirts, which, as he said
quite truly, made it impossible for
them to work; but of course that was
just what they wanted. The, awful
fear of having some day to work was
the one preoccupation of the Korean
statement as long as the strenuous Mr.
Hoshl remained in the land.
Time went on; one tempest after
another disturbed that Korean teapot,
and the one thing that became at all
clear was the failure of reforms to
catch on and the ever Increasing
hatred of the Koreans of all classes
for their benefactors. Symptomatic
rebellions took place in various prov
inces, and at last the Japanese Minis
ter to Seoul, probably without the ad
vice and sanction of his Government,
determined upon a desperate act. One
night in October, 18 96, the palace was
surrounded by a battalion of Japanese
troops, and a body of soldiers and
Japanese civilians, some, at least,
wearing the disguise of Korean uni
forms, entered the. private apartments
of Queen Mln and murdered her.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL;
4
THE BATTLE GROUND OF
EASTERN ASIAShe laid the articles in a neat box
and wrapped and tied it Then she
dressed for the street. It was close
quarters for dressing in the hall bed
room with the cot, the chair, the wash
stand, the trunk and the chiffonier,
that sky-scraper , of . dressing tables
that ¦ serves ' In the - lack ; of ground
space.'
Holy Terrors had his . customary
bark at the impossible head, which for
many winters now. had clasped her fur
collar. • . .-¦-' - ¦ ¦ •¦ ¦ : r- ;
, "If I , bring „ back . a great : deal of
money/ Terror,' perhaps we can throw
this • away and - have a new stole that
won't ' g> t on your nerves'." •
; ,; With •«, the box under her arm she
told* him good-by. She hated to leave
him;; as a rule, they were inseparable.
But she had met with ; those who j did
not understand him in some "of • the
shops 'and she - explained to him that
it was best he should wait at home for
her.
was being etched, he had spent dayi
of exultation. -
"Do you think It's like you. Ter
ror?" ".'¦'¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦•-'.-¦. ',: > ¦ :i-- .-•¦¦'
.At moments she feared it was only
the green leather that pleased him
bo mightily, for green was his favorite
color. But it must be that he knew,
she reassured herself. At any rate,
his nose followed the hot point like
a sleuth's, and whenever the point
stopped he would . raise his head and
bark "Hurrah!" in two eharp yaps.
When the etching of Holy Terror's
outline was done, Lois tainted in his
spots of black and white, and with a
final tender and brilliant carmine
touch she colored the strawberry nose.
. "Take a last look at your portrait,"
she said to him now. '
Although Lois could not see on the
dark stairway, she knew the land
lady's hard hands clamped her hips.
"I can't— not to-night— ", The girl's
.voice broke wretchedly.
"Humph!" said Mrs. Siefke. "I
knew, you wouldn't. There's no use
goln* - up. Your room's locked and
your goods are attached."
Lois turned white and silent, taking
it in. From above came a furious
barking. . , ;
\"Oh! Holy Terror W the girl cried,
and ran up. the stairs. \ She seized the
knob. and shook the door. The bark
ing came from within.
"Terror! Let him out, Mrs. Siefke,"
8h*J called. ¦¦-'¦¦
The walk downtown was misarabl*
without him. She longed to feel tne
tug of his buoyant strength as hs
dragged at her at the end,of his chain.
She longed to watch his pointed muz
zle prying out the way ahead of her
and returning with noisy reports. She
longed for his infectious cheer that
had tided over many a dark hour In
the hall bedroom.
On the avenue she • came to the
shops where pictures are sold. These
she canvassed, as she often had done
before, feeling that pyrography had
Its place among works of art. Then
there were shops that had depart
ments of fancy goods. She made the
rounds. -
It was dark when she turned the
latchkey. She knew that the dinner
would be cold and that the waiter
would frown,. and she did- not care for
dinner anyway. She started upstairs.
Mrs. Siefke met her at the first
landing.
"Well— got It?" she asked. -
"It was a somewhat random shot,
but I think it has hit the mark." he
said to himself later, after he had de
livered her at his aunt's house. Then
he set out to call on Mrs. Siefke.
They returned together. Burr and
Holy Terror. Lois was down In the
kitchen preparing malted milk. Ter
ror rushed Into her arms like a minia
ture hurricane, and I their emotions
merged in a hysteria of sobs and barks.
Burr stood above them and watched.
"It's odd." he remarked, "how a life
of art bars out a husband, but does not
in the least interfere with a fox ter
rier." . --
At what followed Holy Terror burst
into a fury of jealous barking.
Etlow, tha landlady chuckled with
lioty. "He'a attached all right," she
said comfortably.
"No! Not Terror! Mrs. Siefke, you
can't — oh, take everything else" —
She heard the landlady walking off
heavily. "Terrorl" she cried passion
ately, and* sank in a little heap outside
the door, while he leaped madly against
the inside, scratching and yelping and
rattling the latch In vain.
When Burr met her at the door he
wondered at her being alone. -
"It's disobliging of you to be going
out . Just as I'm coming to aee you,"
he 'said blithely. "And Where's Holy
Terror? Has he thrown you over?"
"No — he's upstairs." sne stammered.
'Tre got to go; I'm «o sorry, but it's
urgent business." ;
He looked at her keenly, then he
turned and walked beside her, with bis
great, sure strides.
"My aunt Is 111. Can you manage to
stay with her at her home to-night?
She'll consider it a great favor."
(Copyright, 1903, by Sarah Comstock.)
w?--^ A NSTEAD of rap
*\\£%S*!B£F^'\ii P' n S the landlady
l9u* grasped the knob
Kr^Ea*^-* with her bony, de
'™si§if termined hand and
*}Jtt,v$ll v/lft I rattled lt roughly.
j/Vjv£^£^ j In reply came a
dHKEpS^nSSajwjwSJ tart little bark and
a gentle voice.
"Yes, Mrs. Siefke; come in."
Mrs. Siefke did not come in, though.
She crashed open the door, wounding
its varnish on Lois' trunk.
"Packed?" she inquired.. .
"No, no, I haven't packed," the girl
replied nervously, •while the fox ter
rier grumbled. "I can make It all right
by this evening, I'm sure I can, Mrs.
Siefke."
"You've thought that for a lot o*
evenln's. What you looking' for now?"
Lois pointed proudly to the array on
the cot. ~
"These are the best I've done," Bhe
said. "I'm going downtown with
them now."
The landlady, her bony, hands firmly
clasping her . hips, said "Humph!"
Then she added: ¦¦:'•"•-'. v '..
"To-night's your last chance. Settle
or leave." She trod away, down the
hall, walking heavily on her heels as
always. ,
Lois choked a little. But when she
turned back to the cot her pride prick
ed up. ;
"Aren't they beautiful. Holy Terror?"
she said. "Mrs. Siefke : doesn't know
anything about art" >
The terrier jumped upon the cot and
burst into a spasm of glowing .barks
over them. His ears were. up and his
stub of a tail quivered. ¦* .
They were all the work of her hands,
and Terror sniffed them lovingly, trac
ing her in every one. They were the
high-water mark of her artlstlo ambi
tion; couch cushions and opera bags
and book covers and photograph
frames, all of leather wrought in elab
orate designs by burning. On the book
covers were outlined willowy ladies,
who appeared to be absorbed In their
reading. The photograph frames and
the opera bags were etched in wreaths
and scrolls. One of the cushions was
of brilliant green leather and In its
center, in deep black burning and vivjd
water color, was a life-sized portrait of
Holy- Terror. This .was her master
piece.' » : '
"We can't fail. to make money from
these, can we, Terror?" she said.
"We've worked so hard over them." \ .
-It. was true that they had worked
together.' For ever since she had set
out to make pyrography her life work.
Terror had ' helped her. All the • prep
arations : were watched critically;, by
him; and as soon:as the hot point be-
Ean to [ move ' over j the stamped design
is. labor commenced. Every line and
curve and dot of the etching ¦ he ' fol
lowed with his busy strawberry nose,
the . 7 same nose that had " frightened
away the bench show prize.
"I like strawberry, noses much bet
ter than black, Terror," Lois told him
when 'she '., took, him home, dejected.
It was the only, time in his life that he
had e ver ; placed his stub of a tail * at
half mast; he knew bitterly, well that
he had failed. . ~
When the portrait, the masterpiece,
chuckled Uncle Ben. "and here's the
$100. I'll give Walter another hun
dred before the thing comes off." '
"Dear old Uncle Ben, but what a
good man vou are!" Sarah said grate
folly.
"Yea, all wool and a yard wide,"he
replied as he pinched her cheek.
Three nights later at 11 o'clock at
night Sarah Jane •Williams tiptoed
softly downstairs and left the house.
There was a horse and buggy waiting
in the road for her — one ordered by
Uncle Ben. A young man followed
close on her heels and' took the lines
and drove away. As the outfit dis
appeared In the darkness the good
man waved his hat and chuckled.
It needs no Sherlock Holmes to
unravel the mystery. Sarah had
locked Walter in. and Walter was out
of it. The man who had driven off
with her to get married before a wait
ing minister in the nearest village
must be Harry Seymour. They would
see Niagara Falls and other wonders
of. the world on that $100, and then
come back for forgiveness.
"Walter, my boy," said good Uncle
Ben when through with his figuring,
"you part your hair in the middle
and have got a gold-filled tooth, and
you are a fool."
"Uncle Ben," replied the chagrined
and dejected distant relative. "you
conspire and plan and chuckle, and
are an idiot."
I can see him. That feller Harry ain't
no feller for you to marry. I didn't
have to look at him twice to see that
he'll never make a hustler."
"I don't see why," protested Sarah.
"Natur' didn't make him that way.
You'd never have a second dress to
your back if you married him. Better
give him right up now, and lemme
p'lnt you out a feller who'll make a
crackln' good husband."
"Who is it?"
"Your cousin Walter. He's fell in
love with you and can't sleen o'nights.
He's a feller who's goin'. to rip up the
ground all around some day."
"But t know I never could love him."
"One can do- a heap of things, my
girl, if they set- out to. You Jest go
around thinkin' about Walter from .
mornln' till night and you'll be lovin'
him Inside of a week."
"I don't believe father and mother
would like it."
"Say, now, that's the fun of the hull
thing," laughed Uncle Ben. as he rub
bed his hands together. "I've kinder
sounded your dad and mam, and they
ain't stuck on Walter. They can't
cotton to a feller who parts his hair
in the middle and has a gold filled
tooth. They might be opposed to a
marriage, but that marriage could
come off jest the same."
"How?" asked Sarah with consid
erable interest
"Lean your head down till I whisper
one word in your ear — elopement. If
you and Walter make up to each other
I'll help you plan an elopement and
put $100 In your hand for a bridal
dower. I'd Jest like to show your dad
and mam that there's other folks who
know a thing or two."
An Idea was trying to work itself
out in Sarah's mind, and she asked f o'r
half a day to think things over. At
the end of that time she accepted
Uncle Ben's proposition.
"Good girl!" he exclaimed as _he
kissed her. and smiled like a June
morning. "You Just go right ahead
lovin' Walter and when the time
comes I'll be on hand."
Sarah and Walter went ahead. As
he was no ¦ great favorite of her par
ents she was not put to any great
bother. The most she had to do was
to hear him sigh and recite poetry
and apostrophize the rising and set
ting . sun. Backed ; and mrged on by
Uncle Ben, he finally proposed and
was inferentially accepteg. - This was
no sooner over than there was a fur
ther confab in the orchard.
"Now, then,, for the elopement!"
(Copyright. 1804. by O B. Lewis.)
C=^^— S=J ARAH JANE WIL
,VftS|igW*;J LIAMS, daughter of
' WW^S^j/- Farmer John Wil
• y^^KrfSv llams » was char-
acterized by her
f i J&llk$2tJmJr parent* as a plg
l^j^r^JS^K^ headed girl. They
, linBiaQel said Bhe had been
" . tJghcaded ever In her babyhood days
fend had crown worse as she grew
•. elder. When asked by her In reply
* to furnish a bill of particulars, about
"all they could bring forward was the
feet that at 17 she had refused to
' marry a lightning-rod man twice her
*.«£*; that at 18 she had scorned a
. patent hayfork agent who had fallen
.in love with her at first sight; at 19
she had refused to receive the atten
•tfona of an old widower, who owned
: the only windmill for ten miles
ground, and at 20 she was "taken up"
\tfth Harry Seymour, son of a nearby
••farmer, in moderate circumstances.
" The girl did not deny that she meant
.:tf» marry Harry. But the old folks had
other plans In view. They wanted her
' to look higher— even as high as the
commission man who came through
"the country every fall buying up thou
*es.nd5 of bushels of apples. They first
began objecting to Harry in a general
"way, but in the course of a few
months he had been as good as forbid
den the house.
The lovers' difficulties simply in
creased their love. They had about
. determined on an elo-pement, when
Uncle Ben Churchill arrived on a visit.
end with him a distant relative. Uncle
Ben was Mrs. Williams' brother, and
the distant relative was a second cous
in to both and a young man of 22. The
first thine that Uncle Ben did was to
¦(discover that Sarah wanted to marry
and that her parents were opposed to
. the match. The first thing that the
Becor.d cousin did was to fall in love
v.-ith Sarah Jane. That niade three
complications on hand at once, and
• Uncle Ben was in his element. If there
was one thing he liked better than an
other it was complications. When he
had seen that the second cousin was
. emitten he took his part arainst the
field.
' "Look-a-here, Sarah," he began one
day as he got the girl to sit down be
eide him in the orchard; "you believe
' I bow folks better'n you do, don't
you ?"
"Yes. of course.**
"I orter, Sarah— I orter. I've been to
New York and Boston and all around,
end I can spot a pickrocket as far as
GOOD UNCLE BEN
By C. B. Lewis
ROM the open win
dow's came music by
the -orchestra in the
ballroom on the fur
ther side of the house,
softened by distance.
Moonlight, broken up
by intervening trees
into bars and splotches of golden radi
ance, lay all about them as they walked
up and/down ithe .veranda.
' "The {right kind of a woman always
appreciates "a ; " proposal of marriage
from any manias a great compliment.
Coming from you It Is the much more
to be valued, but I cannot marry you,"
said the woman.
. "I have to thank you for having lis
tened to me so patiently. Might I tres
pass a little more upon your good na
ture and ask permission to discuss the
matter further with you?"
"No amount of discussion can profit
either of u^, so far as I can see. But,
as I have said, in asking me to marry
you a great compliment was paid me.
and In return for that compliment I
suppose that I owe you permission to
indulge your love for discussion or ar
gument."
"Thanks for the permission," said the
man, still in his stolf 1 manner. "I can
not recognize my proposal as. in any
sense, a compliment, but I am willing
that you should, if you wish, take the
manner in which I made it as a com
pliment. Recognizing the splendid de
velopment of your own logical faculties,
I have made my offer of marriage in
perfectly business-like form. I have
heard you often declare that a contract
of marriage is like, any other contract,
and should be entered into only when
both parties are fully aware of what
they are doing."
"Do" you think women are ever en
tirely consistent?" Interrupted the wo
man.
The man looked a trifle surprised, and
replied:
"At least, I give you credit for hav
ing a splendidly consistent mind. You
do not mean that I have erred in my
manner of proposing, that you would
have preferred more of an air of ro
mance, and all that sort of thins?"
"Now the situation is something: like
"Far be it from me to say anything
against those estimable members Of so
ciety—the old maids," said the man,
"but I do not think you will ever be
one of them. A wise man once said
that the cowl of a monk always hides
either a disappointed lover or a great
rascal, and, while I do not indorse his
opinion unqualifiedly, I am firm In the
belief that every old maid Is a woman
who was disappointed in lov» or who
was too cold-bloodedly selfish to ever
marry- Surely you do not coma in
"I hardly care to regard the matter
as one of prosecution and defense,"
said the man imperturbably, "but If
you wish to use the terms I am forced
to admit their applicability. Will the
defense rest its case on the testimony
submitted by the prosecution, or will it
elect to submit an argument?"
"The defense will submit an argu
ment," replied the woman. "I admit
that the match would be, as you say,
pronounced suitable by every one. As
for the two or three other men whom
you aver that I can marry at any time,
I cannot answer. I have., noticed . that
the number of my proposals has been
falling off of late, and attributed ' the
fact to advancing age— you were right
when you Bald I was 30. I may close
the discussion by saying that I have
made up my mind to become on old
maid."
"Does the prosecution here close its
case?" inquired the woman, laughing a
little.
this," continued the man in very much
the same tone of voice that he would
have used in arguing an Important case
before .the Supreme Court. "You are
29— or is it 30?— years old, have a repu
tation as a beauty, and all that. You
can, I know, marry any one of two or
three men who can offer you at least as
much as I, but modesty was never a
prevailing characteristic of mine, and I
have not feared to measure myself with
these other men.
"On the other hand. I can give you
pretty much anything you desire that
costs money. I stand well in my pro
fession, and have prospects of soon be
ing near the top of it. Altogether, I
am satisfied that any one would call
it a very suitable match all around."
"No," said the woman, reflectively.
"I can't say that I do, and yet— '»
"Perhaps," said the man, and now
his voice was very gentle, as though he
feared he might hero touch some old
wound unwittingly, "there Is in your
life some romance which I have not
guessed. Believe me, I would not
•wound you for worlds, and I trust you
will pardon my clumsy speech."
"Oh, I am not a blighted being, never
fear," this with a laugh that did not
ring altogether of merriment.
"Then your refusal to marry me !s
not based upon the ground that you
prefer some other man?"
"No. . I am not in love — with some
other man." ,
"Then why not marry me?"
"I have given you the best of all a
woman's reasons, 'because.' "
"But your refusal of mo is final, I
may take it?" '*
"Yes," — the "yes" with an almost in
audible sigh, a sigh so nearly inaudi
ble that It did not reach the man.
He had thrown away his cigar and
stood for a moment gazing out toward
the trees. Then he began to speak, and
his voice was harsh with feeling that
had been restrained.
"I think I quite forgot to mention one
thing in my proposal. I did sot say
that I love you very dearly; that, not
wishing to be a beggar of love, I have
waited all these years to be In a posi
tion "to offer you the things which I
mentioned as rendering'- me eligible tor
your hand. You, who are so" cool and
calm, what can you know of love and
passion? Now, I know that I have
worked all these years la vain — no. not
altogether In vain — for, by God, I am
going to kiss you once, here and now. if
It means the loss of all the little that Is
left me of your regard."
He gathered her In his strong arms
and kissed her, not once, bat many
times, on her forehead, on her eyes and
on her lips, and then released her. with
the full consciousness that he had done
an unpardonable thins which he did not
regret.
But the woman held out her arms to
him and said:
"Ob. Jack, dear, why didn't you tell
me that you loved me at first.**
By W. W. Mines
HER SPLENDID INCONSISTENCY
He went back to his chair before
the fire and wondered If it would be
possible for him to locate her. He
fancied he would like to meet her and
There was longing for an under
standing and for a sympathy that the
known men had never been able to sat
isfy. Stanley could imagine that she
had relieved a Epell of despondency by
putting her thoughts on paper on the
fame principle that he talked to his
clog, or smoked an extra cigar. The
• thing he could not understand was that
•a- woman capable of such depths of In
tellect and feeling should have had so
tilly an impulse and put the letter in a
library book.
There was no nama or address — at
least fhe expected no reply.
He got up from his easy chair and
walked to the window. A cold driz
zling sleet beat against the pane, and
the electric lights from the street
turned the night into a ghastly gray.
His dog had followed him and stood
with his forepaws on the window
ledge.
A sudden furious blast striking the
pane made the dog rub his head
against his master and whine his de
sire for comradeship and affection.
"Are you lonelv, too, old fellow?
Two old bachelors like us, living in a
flat, ought not to expect to be gay.
You ought to be glad that you are not
out in the Ftorm, you ungrateful
wretch." He stroked the dog's head
and thought of the loneliness expressed
in the letter he had Just read.
"By Jove, she knows the real ar
ticle. It must be the lonely-in-a-crowd
feeling. She seemed to be a society
woman— the monogram on her paper
didn't indicate a poor girl working for
, her living."
This woman was tired and disap
pointed. She "had evidently expected
mere than she had found, and through
some whim had written all her disap
pointment and heart ache to the only
person that could fully understand it —
her ideal man.
(Copyright. ISM, by K. M. Whitehead.)
i . „ <apagfesv F course. Stanley
j^v^'x^ wondered how it
fy—'gTv'' %Vr^ * h~~ Si s ** e * va3 an< * a^
l\r''^"' : .$$g»^ about 1L Tne letter
)1^^^^^^^ had dropped out of
lWfi33@$&$S%$i&*& library book
i&MWmmG^ that he had hastily
selected on his way home. The sheets
of paper were unfolded and the letter
"began in a way that made him think
he had as much right to read it as any
one else. It was a love letter, undoubt
edly the whole heart of the woman was
Jn it, but it commenced "Dear Un
known Man." Before he read it he
thought some silly school girl had put
It in the Look with the Intention of get
ting up a flirtation, but he realized that
it was a letter a school girl could not
have written.
"Darling," he said, sitting on the
arm of the chair at the same time as
arm of her chair, "I was seized with
a feeling of most abject humility, my
greatest desire was to be The Un
known Man. * **
Joan happened to have on the flimsy
black dress when he asked her. Its
soft trailing length lay on the white
fur rug as she sat by the open fire.
Stanley had forgotten there was ever
such an ailment as loneliness in the
world. If any one had asked him to
name all the elements In nature, he
would have answered, "One element,
happiness, composed of Joan, black
dress, white fur rug, and light from a
lamp with a pink shade."
"When are you going to write me
your second love letter, dear?" he
asked.
Joan looked surprised.
"Happiness and excitement haven't
caused your mind to wander, have
they, dear boy?" she asked In aston
ishment- "I haven't written the first
one yet." <
?• '--;'• j - * -¦ ¦. ' ¦< ¦¦¦ --¦-•..
He took from his pocket the letter
to the "Unknown Man."
"Here's the first," he said, and
laughed at her confession when she
looked at It.
"John, I'm so glad you found It.
I've been in a constant state of morti
fication for three months about that
letter. I left it in the book while I
went for a drive to take away a blue
headache! Mother knew I had
finished the book and sent it to the
library before I returned. Didn't you
think It awful when you found It?"
He wrapped the fluffy black train
around her feet so that the fear of it
would not keep him at an unreason
able distance.
tone that perhaps bjid a touch of
jealousy In it.
"There's only one thing that worries
me," he continued meditatively, "how
could she have put that letter In the
book? I don't believe she intended to
do it, Donald, do you?"
"She's tall and slender and gray
eyed, Donald, and she Is about 28
years old. She has slender, white
hands with lots of rings, and she had
on a flimsy black dress that trained
after her on the floor. I generally
hate td keep jumping to avoid those
trains, ., Donald, but I swear I would
make a jumping-jack of myself for
ever to stay where I could see those
eyes. I'm going to call to-morrow.
If you were a man you could go with
me and see her smile. Well, old brute,
maybe you'll be a lucky dog some
day."
As the weeks went by they reached
a state of friendship that permitted
Don to go driving with them in the
trap.
"Old fellow," he said that night,
"you've seen her, you've seen her
smile, to say nothing of her gray
eyes. You know we never liked
women, but you don't think I'm a fool
to ask' her what I intend asking her
to-night, do you?"
The dog whined a low, melancholy
"She's all right, old boy. If I hadn't
read that letter I should never have
believed that she was lonely. I don't
see how such a beautiful woman could
be so lonely, do you?"
The dog whined a reply that the
master evidently took to mean that he
really did not see how It could be
possible. *
Don beat .the floor , with his tail in
satisfied approval while Stanley -put
on hi^ .overcoat, patted him on the
head and went out. .
When he came in that night the dog
heard . his step and met him at the
door. ; \v''
. He put on his dressing gown and
sMppers, sat down before the fire and
took the dog's head between his knees
and the palms of his hands before he
spoke.
fhe -pretty waitress* In th« cafe had
a habit of coaxing the elevator boy < to
give the nice bones to. the nice dog
that belonged to the nice man on the
fourth floor. •
study the woman, aided by his knowl
edge of her inner ; thoughts - as ex- ,
pressed in the erratic letter.
.Suddenly he < threw away .his cigar
.with an expression .of satisfaction,
"Sherlock "Holmes -might have solved
It in, less time; but he cpuldn't have
thought of an easier method of find
ing her." ¦• ' . Ys : *'-'KJ * •*'
J; The next morning at the library the
woman in charge gave Stanley the at
tention that his looks always won
from women. '-.'.-.
''The book; was last returned by
Joan Ransdell,' 2008 Massachusetts
avenue.: I am sure it will be very, kind
of you to return anything/ that you
found in it. Very few people would
trouble themselves to that extent."
j Stanley kept the letter in his pocket
arid if his acquaintances \ could have
compared . notes during the -next- few
days they would have thought that
he was suffering from a mania that
took* the form of an acute desire to
learn if his auditor knew a certain
Miss Joan Ransdell.
He himself had only been in the
city a few months, after an absence of
several years. He thought she must
be' a new comer, and the address
given carried out this idea that she
was riot amons the working classes.
It was a week before he met a mu
tual acquaintance. Then Jim Dent re
peated .his Question, "Know Miss
Ransdell? ¦ Certainly I do. She takes
with us to-qight. Do you want
to come.' old . man?"-
When Stanley was getting into his
evening clothes: he carried on his
usual conversation with the dog.
"Don, old chappie, I'm: going to see
her to-night. We are going to solve
a problem^ Be good, old fellow, and
don't get lonely, and I'll tell you about
her when I get home."
¦ He brought a rug from the bedroom
and put it in front of the grate. The
dog looked on knowingly and then lay
down on it to take the ham bone that
his master always left . as a special
treat when he went out to dinner.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY? CALL!.
ART, A DOG AND A HUSBAND
THE UNKNOWN MAN
5Of necessity, the father must be
away from home most of the timer
When he returns, wearied by., the end
less cares and work of the day, he is
often not fitted to consider carefully
and patiently the cases c-t management
which the mother would gladly place
in his hands. So far as possible, these
matters will be attended to by the
thoughtful^ mother. Only' when abso
lutely necessary is she apt to call. upon
the father for assistance. For this, and
for. other^reasons, the management of
the younger ch'ildren at least will be
almost entirely in the hands of the
mother.
thoughts and experiences as these, he
approaches the subject of the mother's
influence in the training of children.
Would that he cc-uld say something
which would help them to appreciate
their power over their children, even
long years after all other early influ
ences have been forgotten.
Almost all great men have - been
noted ' for their devotion to their
mothers. All have recognized her un
limited influence. ' Who can read the
history of Washington or McKInley
without being struck with t the "great
appreciation and. the loving' tender
ness "they' manifested toward their
mothers? How many will Join with
Lincoln in saying, "All I am, or can
be,' I owe to my angel mother?" -How
sweetly. Lord Macaulay speaks of his
parents; .of.the pleasure he had nest
ling close to his : mother's bosom: of
her ' good-night .kisses and loving
glances.: Until the' day of her death
his love never lessened. ~-.-. He <• said,
"Years "have I passed away since , we
laid ; her beside my father In the . old
church yard;" yet still her voice whis
pers .from-: the grave .and. her eye
watches I over 1 me ¦ as I -.visit V the spots
long since hallowed to the memory of
my mother." •- ; . . ...... .
Another one has well said: "Who
can fathom the depth of a mother's
love? No friendship so pure, so de
voted. The wild storm of adversity and
the bright sunshine of prosperity are
all alike to her; however unworthy we
may be of that affection,* a mother
never ceases to love her. erring child.
Often when alone, as we gaze up to
the starry heaven, can we in imagina
tion catch a glimpse - of the angels
around the 'great white throne' ;, and
among the brightest and fairest _ of
them all Is our- sweet mother, ever
beckoning us onward and upward- to
her celestial home."
Is it not true as has. been said:
"Better than all the' gaud of wealth,
better , than all the fastidious tastes
and refinements of luxury, better than
highest '.esthetic culture or intellectual
superiority, is the presence in the home
of one of these queens of the hearth,
whose realm is bounded by the affec
tions and well being of her, household?
Such mothers and suclr.jhomes will
send out sons puch as the world needs
and men delight to honor, and daugh
ters whose loveliest adornments are
the virtues and ' graces which they
possess." ¦
If only the mothers, these patient,
long-suffering, representatives of the
Almighty, could but faintly appreciate
the grandeur of their office and their
unboundless power, and influence over
the present and future lives of 'their
children! It can^scarcely be overesti
mated. v ' Almost daily the writer has to
appeal to the most troublesome boys
and girls that are found among thou
sands.. Many are just one step from the
reform school or the Jail. A considera
tion of such places has little or no ef
fect upon them. / ¦ -
; Harshness and threats make no im
pression. The most brutal punishments
by parents have, had no effect. The
last parent spoken to said: "I do not
want to commit murder; I have done
everything elsfr— have even, by chain
and padlock. confined him to his room,
yet he is no. better.". , An appeal to the
love for his » mother .saved that; boy.
Such an appeal will generally reach
the : most stubborn cases. Even 'where
it fails. It comes* nearest to .'breaking
the chain* of 'habits which have^bound
them. The writer doe3 not : remember
a single case where this appeal did not
have great' influence. With such
broken her heart by some real or im
agined terrible acts. There may be no
servant, or what is just as bad, she
may have left or be about to leave. . A
hundred other troubles crowd fast upon
each other. Should she not feel free to
call for any assistance needed from the
father? Such is the time for showing
the flowers of appreciation. On the part
of too many there is a tendency to keep
air sympathy and praise until it is too
late. How many patient mothers would
be surprised if. 'they could see the flow
ers heaped upon their coffins and hear
the words of praise from lips which,
for years, had" spoken ; scarcely a word
of 'appreciation or sympathy! Truly, it
is time that the father awaken to the
fact that he has much to do. with the
training of the children. Surely he
owes to the home the best influences
of his life. It should not be a board
ing-house where he sleeps and eats arid
pays the bills. It should be the center
cf his life. • .
Too m&nj fathers consider that, since
it is their duty to provide for the fam
ily, they have no duties in connection
with the training, of children. A mo
ment's consideration will convince
every thoughtful father that this Is not
the case and that, no-matter what suc
cess he may gain in his business or
profession, he Is a complete failure if
he has not proven himself a true hus
band and an interested and devoted
father.
At every point it is the father's duty
to stand ready to co-operate with the
mother in her attempts to train the
children. This duty becomes even
more Imperative as the child grows
older and approaches the time of going
out into the world.
If the father does not take interest
in the training of the children it will be
exceedingly hard for the mother, and
they will not generally be trained as
they should be; for there are many
things which can be learned only from
the father. While the home is the
mother's world, the father Is the con
necting link between the world and the
home. Each has a part to perform,
the performance of which is necessary
for the best results. When they do not
do so, the training will be as discord
ant as the song of two singers whose
voices are not in harmony.
One great trouble is that many men,
and not a few women, who are consid
erate of others all day, have little con
sideration for those in their own homes.
They have a pleasant word and smile
for every one until they reach. home,
•< —^ A.CH parent should be conslder
-/ ate of the other, but the father
Jf is the husband or houseband.
\7 He is the head of the family.
This i» the teaching of the Bible.
which Is accepted by all men and most
¦women. It may be argued that in
some families, becaus* of pccul'ar
temperaments, the mother li better
fitted to be at the head than the
father. The fact remains, however,
¦he Is the queen of the house, not the
kin*. /
which should be the most Joyous place
on earth — a place for which each has
reserved the most pleasant word and
happiest smile.
Every father should 'eel th - - bsolute
necessity of having the r -»ther under
stand that he is ready, willing and
anxious to gfve all possible assistance
In the training of children. Other things
being equal, his help c" ould te in pro
portion to the amount of time he spends
home. Some fathers are home so little
that children hardly know whom to call
"father," and are led to ask as did one
little fellow, "Mamma, who is that man
that whips us nearly every Saturday?"
Mothers and fathers should recognize
the necessity of co-operation
In the training of children. Vital as it
is elsewhere, it is even more important
here. There must be no conflict of au
thority, for it is one of the most potent
causes -.1) failure in the management of
children. It has caused the ruination
of more children than almost any other
mistake. When either corrects a child,
how often the other takes his part! Un
less there is marked injustice or bru
tality, that is not justifiable. It is the
surest way of making a child rebellious
against the j authority of both. The
sensible way would be to wait until
they are alone and then discuss the
matter in a reasonable way.
Soi..e fathers object to haying any
thing to do with the management . of
the children. .They say th:y 'aave many
trials during the day which a mother
cannot fully appreciate. " Let this be
granted. Is her sympathy rot ever
ready? On the other hand, it must also
be remembered that the mother has
many c^res which the father cannot
appreciate. If he would take her place
for one veek he would I more
about it, and, afterward, would have
plenty of sympathy. She works at
home, away from: associates, which
might make things seem to move eas
ier. How often, with aching head, the
many difficulties must be>met and con
quered.- How. many times have her
quivering nerves been shattered and
her strength taxed to the uttermost by
the trying cares of home when every
thing seemed to go wrong. The young
child may have been sick and trouble
some. . . ; . •
The older ones -may have, almost
Parents are apt to forget how great
Is \ the price . they place upon Uieir
precious children. In the press of many
cares it is natural they should , do so.
However, | if .they would but stop ] and
consider, how hard It would be to part
with any one of even a* large family of
children,, they would be more likely to
•appreciate how highly they prize each
child, and more willing to devote time
and thought . to 'their training.
Who "has not read with emotion Mrs.
Beers* account of the attempt" made by
needy parents who werestrlvlng to de
cide which child should be given in ex
change for comforts for all those re
maining. This is the letter: "I will
give a house and land while you shall
live, if, in return from out- of your
seven, one child to me for aye is given.**
Hand in hand the gray-haired, poorly
clad parents walk from bed to bed for
the purpose of deciding which one shall
be given: How hastily they pass the
hjglpless babe, "Not - her," said- the
father, as he gazed' at the crib which
held little -Lillle and her doll. "Nor
Jamie, he's but > a baby, too." the
mother, said.. Then gazing upon pale,
patient Robbie's acsel f ace; . the father
There U not a grand. Inspiring thought.
There is not a truth by wisdom taught, .
There is not a feeling, pure and high.
That may not be read In mother's eye.
There are teachings on earth, and sky and air.
The heavens the glory of God declare.
But more loud than the voice "beneath, above.
He is heard to speak through a mother's love.
.' The wondrous power of a mother's
love .was well shown by her whose
daughter had wandered from home
and had been lost in the whirl of sin
of New York. Having 1 had her own
portrait printed, the mother placed it
in a mission house where the fallen
creatures sometimes came for a crust
of bread or a kind word. The poor
fallen daughter saw the picture. Upon
the .floor she sank, crying "Mother!
my mother!" That mother's love so
melted her poor heart that she was
saved, and returned to her home' a
ransomed child.
In words that can never be forgot
ten, Miss Taylor speaks thus of a
mother's love:
Hast thou sounded the depths of yonder sea.
And counted the ssnds that under it be?
Hast thou measured the height or heaven above?
Then mayat thou measure a mother's love.
Evening and morn, hast thou watched the be*
Go forth on her errands of Industry?
The bee, for herself, hath gathered and tolled.
But the mother's cares are all for her child.
Noble mothers, srrow not weary and
faint. Upon you depends not cmly the
happiness of the home, but even the
future of our country. Upon you will
forever rest not only the blessings of
your children, but the highest benedic
tion of Almighty God. whose represen
tatives you are on earth.
creep—
Hock me to sleep, mother — rock xao to ale«p.
Mother, dear mother, the years have been long
Since I last listened to your lullaby song-
Sing, then, and unto my soul It shall seem
Womanhood's ayes have been onty a dream-
Clasped to your heart In a loving embrace.
With ycur light lashes just sweepinr my fact.
Never hereafter to wake or to weep—
Rock me to sleep, mother — rock me to sleep.
whispered. "No, not for a. thousand
crowns, not him." Next came "Poo;
Dick," bad Dick, wayward son. "No,
only a mother's heart can be patient
enough for such as he." They passed
by sweet Mary and the trusty, truth
ful, oldest boy who so resembled bis
father and ' >>?-. , _,
So they wrote, la courteous way.
They would not rive on* child away.
And afterward toll lighter teemad
• Thinking- of that of which they itrumid
Happy In truth, that not one faea
Was missed from Its accustomed plaaa.
Truly, most parents do love their
children, as did these parents. Yet how
few love them so wisely as to be will
ing to give the attention necessary to
train them properly.
Every mother must read with In
creased determination to strive to>
properly train her children such line*
as those written by Miss Allen. They
but echo the sentiments which minions
of children hold and will hold in years
that are to come. Ions after the moth
er's spirit has been wafted to the other
shore:
Backward, turn backward, O Time, In you*
flight.
Make ma a child again. Just for to-night;
Mother, come back from the echoless shore.
Take me again to your heart as of yore:
Kiss from my forehead the furrows of car*.
Smooth th« few silver threads of my hair:
Over my slumbers your lovinsr watch keep:
, Rock me to sleep, mother— ipek m« to sleep!
Tired of the hollow, the bas«. the untrue.
Mother. O mother, my heart calls for you;
Many a summer the grass has grown green.
Blossomed and faded, our faces between:
Tet with strong yearning and passionate pain.
Lons I to-night for your presence again.
Come from the silence so long and so deep-
Rock me to ileep. mother— rock m« to sleep!
Ore r my heart tn the day* that are Sown.
No love like mother-love ever has shown.
No other worship abide* and endures.
Faithful, unselfish, and patient like yours:
None like a mother can charm away pain
From the slck-souied and world-weary brain.
Slumber's soft calms o'er my heavy lids
SEVENTEENTH" TAlyK TO PARENTS
BY WILLIAM J. SHEARER
SUBTLE INFLUENCE OF FATHER AND MOTHER UPON CHILD
We can make them see the strong
undercurrent of fun that runs through
life: the gleams of pathos and humor
that illumine the most sordid and un
likely subjects; in a word, each one of
us is a maker of sunshine, . or a pro
ducer of -'gloom in himself and others,
and loved or disliked according to
which role he elects to play. ¦
To be "merry and wjse" is not given
to all, but to cultivate the bright side
of things, to get a laugh out of un
promising material is open to every
one, and it Is astonishing how the habit
of laughter, once indulged In, grows on
us, till at last we come to recognize It
rfs one of the great sweeteners and pu-
i It may be taken for granted that
those having great possessions cannot
fool light-heartedly, for even as the
soldier with the lightest knapsack
steps outN Quickest, so are the rich
weighed down to earth v by the gold
taken out of * It, or rather the over
whelming responsibilities attached to
their 'position.
They may be the cause, and often are,
of others' light-heartedness. but sel
dom of their own; it Is the moderates
who inherit the earth, those who have
known neither starvation nor a ple
thora of the good things of life, and ft
is among them that we must look for
the "merry" men and women who
take the sunshine with them wherever
they go. and who.- whatever may be
their faults,. are loved | accordingly.
To turn always a brisht face to the
world may at first be difficult,. but how
quickly it becomes a habit, how great
is the reward! To call the diseased
mind out of its self-built dungeon; to
blow like a clean wind through the
dust and morbidity of the four-walled
life lived by most unhappy humans;
such is the mission of the cheerful,
the gay of heart, more glorious by far
than to go about preaching and teach
ing, and though they may have, their
own wry moments (where the light is
brightest the shadow Is deepest), they
are using up their "ounce of cheer
fulness" with which to serve God roy
ally.
Do not we all more or less hypno
tize each other, impress our own
moods on those near to us, elevating
or depressing their spirits, and for
cing them to look through our own
spectacles, rose-colored or blue, as the
case may be? May not we even nar
row and vulgarize their mental vision,
even as we have power to inspire them
with that larger . humanity which
throws its weight into the scale of
pity, not condemnation of its fellow
man? -
Be Considerate.
those above them in the social scale,
arid they will end by hugging them
selves rather on what they have than
desiring what would probably make
them no happier than that does
which they now possess.
. "There's always a little something —
she can't abide the mon," said one old
farmer to another, when bragging
about his daughter's married happi
ness, and while not unduly rejoicing
over those whom the -world envies, it
may console poor folks to reflect that
there is always "a little something" to
discount the happiness of fortunate
people, who. if we only knew It, deep
ly envy us, the obscure and happy.
They may have all the desire to fool
that we have, feel impulses as eager
to take life rather as a picnic than &
solemn feast, but they cannot escape
from their surroundings, or rather
from the circumstances that make
them famous or remarkable. Let us
then more happy, learn to fool gently,
fool wisely, and laugh while we fool,
encouraging others to a like pursuit,
only taking care that such fooling does
not degenerate Into ] sheer folly, or
worse — but to the honest and pure of
heart, to whom I especially address
myself, the practice Is more likely t»
tend to their ennobling, than to their
deterioration.
It is a good world, a beautiful *rorld.
It is man himself who makes moat of
the trouble by indulging: In purely flc
tltlous desires and sorrows. Turning
his back on all the glories of the uni
verse, he fights tooth and nail for the
one bit of colored glass~that has caught
his fancy, only to discover its worth
lessness when seized; meanwhile he la
blind to all most worth having In life,
for are not his the sky, the earth, the
sea, his also the parks, the treasures of
picture galleries and museums, such as
the richest men alive cannot bring to
gether?
It might do some of us good If w
deliberately set ourselves to count up
the amount of pleasures we can take
for nothing; it would not hurt us In
deed to be vainglorious, and strut
about, vaunting the joys so freely
provided for us; we might even In
time come to patronize the multi-mil
lionaire who has not a tittle more
right in a superb sunset, a xpsy dawn,
and the recrudescence of spring, than
we have.
If we come to measure our personal
happiness with his, he might be the
loser by the comparison, but In any
case it is a. fine thing to stand up to
wealth, not be cowed by It, to say
"A man's a man for a' that — and a'
that — " and when we are able to do
this, we are far on the road to seren
ity of spirit that besets the desire to
fool discreetly at a fitting. opportunity.
riflers of life, while from a physical
point of view its value is untold. The
veriest grumbler and misanthrope
alive might be improved by a laughter
treatment, supplemented by plenty of.
fresh air, for in addition to brooding
far too much over imaginary troubles,
we are all too much Indoors for our
spiritual and bodily health. The gen
tle art of fooling does not permit stag
nation of men's mind, but rather
makes It quick-moving, keen to ob
serve the humors of the crowd, of na
ture, and lastly, of oneself, for not to
be able to smile at our own peculiari
ties and foibles is to be entirely bereft
of that sense of the ridiculous which
encroaches so nearly on humor, and Is
so priceless a belonging to Its posses
sor, keeping him armored against all
the minor misfortunes and accident* of
Be Appreciative.
lal. grumblings?
- ¦ . Be Active.
Over much reading, especially of
society' papers with their idle tattle of
rich folks' doings, is responsible for a
good deal of mind-vaporing, especially
among women, whose minds are con
fused by a variety of matters not in
the least essential to their comfort or
happiness. But let them fix their at
tention rather on the wants of those
beneath than the extravagance of
of the really afflicted and heart-broken,
how many of us would not then sit
down to reflect soberly on our advan
tages, feeling ashamed of our perpet-
fulness is even more necessary, --with
teachers who would diligenHy point out
to us our blessings and occasions for
rejoicing, instead of reviling. By com
paring what we might have been with
what we are, physically, mentally, >
commercially; by counting up the
misfortunes we have just missed; the
occasions when luck or circumstance i
has saved us from ruin of one kind or
another; by forcing ourselves to meas
ure our paltry grievances with those
Just as our house3 contain numbers
of perfectly useless things, so do we in
sensibly allow our minds to become re
ceptacles for disagreeable, tedious, un
profitable thoughts, regrets and desires,
that warder aimlessly to and fro like
ghosts, and like them, vanish into mist
lf we resolutely set ourselves to enjoy,
moment by moment, the much that life
has t6 offer, facing our misfortunes
with equal courage, and forgetting
them, would we not arid enormously to
our own. and others' store, of happi
ness? How few of us dare to say. "I
am happy," yet the reasons are purely
artificial that prevent our being so. and
when we realize this, when we climb up.
and look, over the- paling that man has
raised to fence us off from God and his
works, we are ingrates. indeed, if we do
not take cf the feast so bountifully set
before us.
All nature rejoices in its own way,
and at proper seasons, all but man,
who, even when neither hunger, thirst,
nor sickness thrtaten him. looks about
for trouble, and stores it in his mind
as a bee, with more wisdom, stores
honey in the hive. .
• He is always expecling something to
go wrong, he completely misses the
moment of enjoyment in fearing, or ex
pecting it will be snatched from him —
surely if, as a recent brilliant writer
suggested, a school . for happiness
should be founded, a school for cheer-
Loss of worldly goods? If th<? brain*
and will to work are there these may
be replaced. The only real calamity
to be dreaded is loss of health, anJ
that very state of things is oftener
than not brought about by the fear of
it. Fear is an artificial condition of
mind that nature knows nothing of
in its chronic state — her children only
experience it In moments of acute
physical danger, when their racial
enemies are near, and if we also re
served our energies for meeting th?
inevitable bad moments of our life,
instead of anticipating them, we
should have considerably more time,
left over for enjoyment, in a word, we
should fool mere and grizzle less.
Be Judiciously Forgetful.
we know clearly the conditions on
which' we hold existence — that we are
as torches lit only to be sooner or lat
er extinguished — why fear? Death
must come — well, let us meet it with
decent dignity, loss of what we love
must come — that. too. is in the bond.
Being human, we must more or less
often, according to the strength of
our humanity (it is not the strength
of our will, but the feebleness of our
desires that most often gives us the
victory over them) do things that
make us regret the past — but the fu
ture? A.vaunt fear! We mean to do
our best with It — if we fail we shall
still have tried — fear makes our de
feat a foregone conclusion — we will
have none for hiin.
It is the bogie man fear who ex
tinguishes in us that Joy of living,
•which, is the very essence, the raison
d'etre of our presence here, fear of
the future, fear of the past, fear of
death, fear of losing what we love,
what we have amassed, though since
Be Brave.
And." primarily. I say that none of
us fool sufficiently, but grizzle far too
much: that if for only one hour of
the dav we tied ud memory and our
¦worldly and domestic worries in a bag
and dropped them somewhere out of
Bight, then did something that, with
out hurting any one else, mo^t* partic
ularly pleased us, our tempers would
Improve vastly, and we should rr.aks
much brighter, companions to those
with whom fat**, or circumstance, has
Jailed us. The heart of youth is light,
because pure, and fooling follows in
evitably; but as years advance it in
?vitably gathers weight, feels that it
cannot rise, and this is where art
should come in, to teach us that if
\ve will throw overboard the useless
lumber we have piled on it that heart
will spring light as air to meet the
thousand joys «~,f life, aye, and e.ijoy
them consciously, as in careless youth
it did not.
I have seen some exquisite fooling
between quite old people when they
thought themselves unobserved, per
sons in whom an innate gayety of
heart and a happy knack of seeing the
bright side of things has outlived all
the pain and disillusionment of life,
and I have been fain to ask them the
secret of this art — for is it not an art
to retain in middle and old age a
privilege peculiar to youth? They
must have analyzed this precious
quality, have tracked it to its source,
finding out what qualities of heart
and brain go to its making, or is It
that they have emptied their wallets
of all grievances, throwing overboard
malice, selfishness, acquisitiveness —
above a V il-<-fear?
Be Cheerful.
TO fool pron^r-ly, I take it. In a
purely physical sense, requires
two persons, young, slim, long
limbed and light of heels and
heart, not necessarily of opposite
sexes, as two s1rl<=, or two youths can
fool together with equal felicity, some
times even better than when lave in
terferes to make too serious their frol
ics, ar.d end them.
Vet 10 watch two graceful young
lovers in the initial stages of courtship
is a pretty eight— tie swallow-like
character of thtir advances, flights and
retreats: th<> half averted way in which
they glean hints of earn other's char
acters and predilections, till gradually
the circle narrows, and by impercepti
ble degree? they draw nearer to each
other, and. the spurt over, the fool
ing done, they sit hand in hand, dull
human fashior., and we know that un
>fs one of therri is wise and keeps the
game up aft^r marriage their happiest
days nrp over.
For the gentle art of fooling does not
•.omprise fooling: another person; it
means that you yourself have a great
capacity for playing the fool, and with
wise discrimination admit another per
son to share your pleasure; it means
that you have a gift for seeing the
light sidf <>f nature, and human na
ture, instead of the dark; the humor
ous instead of the tragic; jnd this is
.less a gift than an art that can b«
acquired, if you resolutely set out t«
learn it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
The character of the child, will, very
largely be determined by the time the
child reaches the age of 10. None but
the very strongest influence will affect
him after that age. Before that time
the character may -generally be molded
at will. For the first five or six years
children are almost entirely under the
influence of the mother. After that
time' her influence will be strongest.
Next to her influence/that of the. teach'-,
er, father and companions will be most
powerful. •>
| In J the of encouraging some
¦weary mothers, who are sometimes dis
couraged by the daily trials with way
ward-children, attention is called to a
few. of the j many - beautiful tributes to
the memory and power- of • a mother's
noble, self-sacrificing " love. To theft
sentiments all loving hearts must as
sent: "Blessed is the memory of an old
fashioned mother. • It floats to us now
like the perfume of. -some woodland
blossoms. 'The music of other j voices
may be lost, but the' entrancing mem
ory of hers will echcrin our hearts for
ever. Other 'faces'; will ' be forgotten,
but hers will, shine on . until Uhe "'light
of heaven's portals shall glorify our
own." - : . .
6
THE GENTLE ART OF FOOLINGPowerful Tale
of Old Sweden
THE LITERARY GUILLOTINE
is the somewhat grewsome name
for a book of doubtful merit
Were the book .reduced to about
one-half its present size there
would be no doubt of its clever
ness, for about one- half of the humor
ous literary criticisms within the cov
ers are undeniably bright. Of course,
the volume is published anonymously.
fox some of the honeyed words of criti
cism contained therein could not be for
given even on the grounds of an au
thor's license — were the author known.
Brief Reviews
of Some Books
OUTSIDE of the hallowed circle
of Ibsen and Bjornsen ther.e
v have been Vpractically no Swed-.
ish stores written which .have found
appreciation at the hands of English
readers. . : , ...
JACK LONDON'S sea story, "The
Sea Wolf," which began its serial
publication in the January Cen
tury, promises to bring forth some sur
prises to those who have followed his
literary work. Back in his schooldays
the author, who had not then been off
the sea for a year, confided to the
editor of these columns his ambition to
write a story which would smack of the
brine.' "A story, which will make you
glad that you are in front of your* own
fire at home," said the enthusiastic
young fellow ;, "a story which will make
the sea roar in your ears when you go
to bed." ;•'' :':< ['-:
Few may know, possibly,- that Lon
don himself was'once a member of the
crew on a sealing schooner, and there
fore knows his "Ghost" at first. hand.
The writer of this notice would like to
take a sly wager with his readers that
the Bonin Islands will appear In Lon
don's story. He thinks he knows.
Processor Lounsbury. has no fears as
to the future of the English language.
In a vigorous article in Harper's he an
swers with refreshing common sense
the question, Is English becoming cor
rupt ? He holds that the largeness of
the number of words struggling to be
brought into use is a sign of the health
HOW TO MAKE A FLOWER GAR
DEN, edited and published by Double
day, Page & Co., New York; profuse
ly illustrated.
STATISTICIAN AND ECONOMIST
for December, Louis P. McCarthy,
publisher, San Francisco; price 25
cents.
FOSTER'S BRIDGE TACTICS, R.
F. Foster; Frederick Warne & Co.,
New York; illustrated; price $1 25.
CHARACTER. A MORAL TEXT
BOOK, Henry Varnum; Hinds & No
ble, New York; price $1 50.
THE FEDERATION OF RELIG
IONS, Rev. Hiram Vrooman, Nunc
Licet Press, Philadelphia; price -75
cents.
THE ROVER BOYS ON LAND
AND SEA, Arthur M. Winfleld; The
Mershon Company, Rahway, N. J.; il
lustrated; price 60 cents.
WOMAN'S UNFITNESS FOR
HIGHER CO-EDUCATION. Ely Van
de Warker; The Grafton Press, New
York.
MRS. J. WORTHINGTON WOOD
WARD, Helen Beekman; Brentano's,
New York; price $1 25.
S ING O ALL A, Axel Josephsson,
translated from the Swedish of Vik
tor Rydberg; Grafton Press, New
York, illustrated; price $1 25.
THE WHITE CASTLE OF LOUIS
IANA, M. R. Allenroc; John P. Mor
ton Company. Louisville, Ky.; illus
trated; price Jl 25.
New Books Received
When Brentano's changed the narai
of Helen Beekman's book from "Dainty
Devils" to "Mrs. J. "Worthlngton
Woodward" they doubtless did so to
placate the ultra-Presbyterian readers.
In a little note on the fly page of the
rechristened novel Brentano's stata
that the original title was found to be
misleading as expressing the character
of the book, hence the change. Cer
tainly the present non-committal title
jfemedies the difficulty; ' It expresses
nothing.
Helen Beekman certainly takes a
very gloomy view of New York societ. .
for its feminine half furnishes the
"dainty devils" of tabooed memory.
They smoke opium, drink whisky
straights before breakfast and gamble
their sweet lives away according to
Helen Beekman. Like some famous
painters, the author h; i mingled dirt
with her dull tints to make the pictured
dirt more realistic.
The author takes a pretty, naive little
country lass and drops her down in the
whirlpool of New York's creme de
creme, then watches her through a
reading glass and record3 her flounder
ings in the present book. It cannot be
said that the net result Is very start
ling, nor yet cheering. (Brentano's,
New York; price $1 25.)
About these mysterious ••"• creatures
whose goings and comings are like the
wind which bloweth wheri. it listeth
there have been many' volumes written
to sate the crying demand. The last
of these and the one which could be
called up-to-date is that of Gustav
Kobbe, entitled "Famous and
Actresses and Their Homes." Gathered
from a popular home periodical into a
good binding and illustrated by nume
rous snap shots of these people of con
sequence, these sketches by Kobbe
make a book of strong fascination to
the theater-goers.
Miss Maude Adams Is the first of the
noble company to be introduced to the
reader. The details of her farm at
Ronkonkoma. Long Island, are faith
fully reproduced, Miss Adams holding
center RtagR in a barnyard and all that.
Then follows a pen sketch of the
chnrming Ethel Barrymore and of her
uncle, the perfectly correct John Drew.
Miss Barrymore's ' passion for good
books and the immaculate John's fond
ness for the social whirl the author
faithfully chronicles. ,
Then follows Richard Mansfield, that
interesting character whose temper has
sometimes been called boorish. Sarah
Frances Frost, bthjerrjlse known as
Julia Marlowe; Annie Russell, William
Gillette, Virginia Harned, E. H. Soth
ern and Francis Wilson are each given
a chapter of anecdote and . sprightly
characterization. The book closes with
something , about the Lambs' and the
Players' clubs, the two well-known
stamping grounds for members of the
profession.
Mr. Kobbe's volume will not go
a-begging. The present-day Interest in
things of the stage is so strong that
such a closely personal sketch of' the
various , celebrities as Kobbe has writ
ten will find ready reading.
, (Little, Brown & Co., Boston; Illus
trated; price $3 00.)
Kobbe Writes
Jibout Players
Vv«HAT indefinable air of mys-.
g jg ytery is that which closes down
around actor folk and, hedges
them oft from the world on
the other side of the footlights?
From the fluffy matinee pirl up to her
blandly smiling papa there- is every
where that spirit cf curiosity which
wishes to know Just what the stace
people are when they have rubbed off
the grease paint.. v Ab if the matinee Idol
lived in a dark castJe upon a diet of
chewing gum and breakfast food!
And the poor fellow 'who has been di
vorced and about whom this discussion
is waged hears all this too— from the
hallway.
Captain Cartwripht has a broth of a
time of it getting himself into line for
the command of a ship when war
t«rraks out. Finally he is dispatched to
Dewey's fleet in China waters. Then
follows a description of the battle of
Manila Bay, now old In song and story.
Captain Cartwiight's shin Is the first
to return to Xew York harbor after the
war. and the brave commander here is
merged into the actual living character
of Captain Coghlan of the Raleigh; or
maybe Admiral ¦ Dewey— It is hard to
discern which the author has in mind.
The story ends with the captain lean
ing UDon a sword of honor.
(The Macmillan Company. New York;
price $1 25.)
" *Oh," what nonsense!' groaned Sue.
'You've got a brain of your own,
haven't you?'
"But Barbara wisely refused to be
lured into controversy."
mat settles it for me.
Ray Stannard Baker, the well
known contributor to Eastern maga
zines upon scientific subjects of time
liness^ has collected nine of his
sketches Into a volume, which he calls
"The Boys' Second Book of Inven
tions," a companion volume to a sim
ilar book issued last year. Let no
one take the title strictly and feel
that boys alone are to read the book,
for the romance of science, which is
every day becoming more and more
an open book, is here told In a man
ner which will attract the elders as
well as the young folks.
The book is sufficiently up-to-date
to include an article upon the - re
markable element, radium. Another
chapter Is devoted to Santos Dumont
and the problem of aerial navigation;
the electrical furnaces at Niagara re
ceive attention; Marconi and his wire
less telegraphy is the subject of an
other sketch. The book is the last
word upon popular science.
(McClure, Phillips & Co., New York;
illustrated; price SI 50.)
Quiller-Couch
in Short Story
/N another part of this page there Is
an attempt to anaryze the work of
the peer among short story writ
ers. De Maupassant is an author who
is known best for his tales; his novels
fall far short of the standard set by his
other writings. With Arthur T. Qulller-
Couch a different condition obtains. In
the novel and the short story alike this
versatile young English writer seems
equally, proficient. Following closely
upon the publication of his novel, "Het
ty Wesley." comes a collection of his
short stories under the caption "Two
Sides of the Face."
Although Mr. Quiller-Couch seems to
have chosen an enigmatic name for his
book of tales, there being no apparent
applicability of it to any or all of the
stories, he has without question pro
duced a collection which deserves high
mention. Stories which do not rely upon
dialect for their cause of being, stories
which are free Trom the stereotyped
historical setting, stories which do not
breathe an evident cynicism, such as
do so many- of the current magazine
type— these has Quiller-Couch written.
In this collection of el tin short tales
the author has presented • as many
widely differing romantic conceits. The
majority of them are stories of mys
tery, a fact which should at once
recommend them to all who have read
"Dead Man's Rock," for Instance Two
of them are cast in the humorous vein.
With one exception th#y all hark back
a hundred years or so to gain the hal
lowed touch of the past.
. One reading these tales cannot fail
to find a resemblance to Stevenson in
them. It is not a direct copy by any
means, but a certain indefinable touch
of R. ,1* S. which is evident. -. In
"Stephen of Steens" there Is something
of the masterful, devil-may-care spirit
of "The Master of Ballantrae" and "The
Horror on the Stair" . finds almost its
exact counterpart .in that., terrible
Novel Without
Even an Excuse
*T\ EALLY, it is sometimes difficult
A[ to take some of these novels seri
. V»ously. One catches himself say
ing: "Does the author actually mean
that I should accept this or that sen
timent or situation as being worth
while?" Thus, trusting that belter is to
come and dutifully following the story
through to the end in the hope of
catching' something real good, the
reader suddenly turns-. the last page
and lo! it was not. That is "The Spirit
of the Service," by Edith Elmer Wood,
whose picture, decollete, adorns this
page.
If one is thoughtful and reads with
any degree of appreciation hi* must
necessarily ask himself what th« thnmc
of the book is. What excuse had the
author for writing it? How well or
how ill did she succeed in developing
the central idea of the story? The
theme of "The Spirit of the Service"
might be the making of a hero; it
might be' what 1 (the author) think
of life in the navy: It might be a brief
review of the navy in the Spanish
War. Each «>f these . three ideas is
partially developed in the story, but
none of them are brought to a very
definite conclusion.
We learn from the literary review
er's notices which accompanied the
publication of the novel in question
that Mrs. Edith Elmer Wood, decollete,
is the wife of a naval officer, and is
therefore especially well qualified to
give a picture of life in that branch
of the service. But it is not the rule
that a stonemason can write a good
story about a 'marble quarry. Neither
does it follow that a naval officer's
wife can write a good story of the
navy.
Mrs. Wood follows the ; fortunes of
a certain Captain Cartwright from the
position of commandant at a navy yard
up to the position of hero of a devoted
nation. At first blush he falls afoul
of a low-browed political boss; the
boss sets in agitation several strong
centers in Washington and the captain
finds himself before a court of inquiry.
But the captain is a Democrat and he
escapes.
At this Juncture the love element be
comes timely and Sue and Barbara are
introduced. Sue is big, wholesome and
Calif ornian; Barbara is wizened, pes
simistic and New Englandish— of
course foils,' the one to the other. The
girls sit up in bed In their robes de
nuit and philosophize upon certain
weighty, matters.
" 'Do you believe in divorced people
marrying?' exclaimed Sue, turning to
Barbara.
" 'I'm a Catholic,' said the girl
quietly. ;V< , -'. -..-¦:,: i
" 'Of course I know your .church
doesn't allow it, but— ' /.,:.¦;
fection of vocabulary cannot be re
produced in the English. There is a
rigid simplicity about all of his diction
which comports admirably with the
Boeotian style of his tales. The sim
plicity makes the tragedy more mani
fest. The tale Is told directly, imper
sonally. There are no digressions, very
little descriptions other'' than those of
physical manifestations and nothing
like a moral can be read either in or
betweenthe lines..
As lone as the great study of life
remains the mainspring of literature.
De Maupassant's works will live.
Should the vogue of the short story
pafs away Dp Maupassant's tale? must
mark the high water of that movement
in the nineteenth century.
'Thrawn Janet" of Stevenson's, even
3own to the grim,- hanging: body of the
suspected . sorceress. Jn truth Quiller-
Coucn, shows that he, too, loves what
the master Scotchman used to .fondly
designate as Vcr'awlers."
The stories are all crisp, clear cut and
dramatic. The author has the blessed
faculty' of getting to the heart of his
tale very speedily, and never digressing
once frdm : the weaving of " the
There are/ 'no. overburdened passages
telling how .this or jtH&t character 'felt
at such a crucial, 'moment;».Jbjjw- his
eyes dropped - to pthir%rou][M r. : and, *he
would tiave. fallen -hsuJ hermit; clutched
the stair halustr4d4Vetc. On the; con
trary, ; the story is 'told, with a •brevity^
which only ..hints at certain unimpor-'
tant discussion and leaves the imagina
tion ot the reader « some "play. .*-- >,
(Charles Scribner's Sons, New York;
price, $1.50.) ;.., ,
What Is Doing
in Book World
There . Is a Swedish author, Viktor
Rydberg, who has for many years
stood* as the popular . story teller of
Scandinavia, but whose works have
never been, translated for English
readers. A young Swedish attorney of
Washington,- D. C, Axel Josephsson,
has just completed the. task of present-
Ing ' § Singoalla," Rydberg's best novel,
in English. It is a great boon to read
ers of this country that they are thus
enabled to read a remarkably fine
story." ( . . ¦ ' , "
"Sinjroalla" is a tale of- the thir
teenth "century.' The scene is laid In
the • heart , of the j Swedish forests,
where baronial customs were not yet
far "removed from the pagan ( society
of the post-Christian era In Scandi
navia. The whole atmosphere of the
book is of the wild and savage; it
nearly approaches ' the spirit of a
saga or ancient folk song. Its /very
primitive concept exerts a charm
which holds the reader.
The story has to deal with a certain
Erland, the son of a baronial lord,
whose manor is in the fastness of
Smal.ind. While yet a youth the
hero fails in love' with Slrigoalla, a
beautiful gypsy, girl, who returns ' his
passion and unites him to herself in
marriage "according to the mystic rit
ual of : her people. Through the
treachery of her own father Singoalla
is separated from her boy lover, never
to see him': again until he has learned
to forcet her. Then by the mystical
influence of the son which is born to
her by the Swedish youth she comes
to gain again the ascendency in Er
land's affections, but only by the dark
ened Avay of tragedy. The coming of
the Black Death forms a terrible cli
max to the plot and the story ends in
the midst of general wreck and ruin.
The chief merit of the book lies in
the powerful way in which the author
casts his tale into the grim mold of
legendary romance. The weird influ
ences of the j forest, the storm, the
1 ooding crags of the mountain peo
goblinr. such as are found in the
pie the tale with sprites and unseen
p.isan sagas. There is the eerie
spirit of the occult about it which
makes the reading fascinating. It
seems to be a fairy story meant for
grown children.
(The Grafton Press, New York; il
lustrated; price $1 25.)
Two volumes, "American Humorous
Verse." and "American Prose Humor"
are published in octavo size by Herbert
S. Stone & Co., Chicago. They are of
250 pages each, and are collections of
humorous and witty verses. ' tales,
sketches, etc.. composed by the best
known American writers. Their chief
excellence lies In the fact that In vol
umes of convenient size there are
grouped one or more examples of the
work of laugh-producing writers of the
last fifty years. The book of prose-se
lections gives sketches of Artemus
Ward and Josh Billings, which are fair
specimens of the humor of nearly half
a century ago, and Mark Twain. Bill
Nye, Josiah Allen's Wife. E. W. Town
send. John Kendrick Bangs. Henry M.
Blossom Jr., George Ade, F. P.
Dunne, Hayden Carruth, George V.
Hobart and Billy Baxter show the re
markable diversity of their powers of
expression, and what most appeals to
the risibilities of the public of to-day.
All the selections are genuinely funny,
but perhaps the reader may, according
to his sense of humor, question the
choice of some of them as being the
very best examples of the author's wit.
The volume of verse Is. on the other
hand, much more satisfactory, and hers
one finds a large number of funny
rhymes with pointed wit by such hu
morists as Burdette, Will Carleton.
Holman F. Day. Eugene Field, Joel
Chandler Harris. Bret Harte, John
Hay. Charles Battell Loomis, James
Russell Lowell and many others, who,
while not well known, are piquant
verse makers.
(Herbert S. Stone & Co., Chicago.)
In concept the thing Is unique. Offend
•ing authors are haled before a high
court of literary equity, where their
sins against the ethics of literature are
made to rise up and face them. Their
foibles are then exploited by testimony
of witnesses.
Nothing is so dreary as to find the
place for a laugh in a piece of humor
ous writing all marked out with stars
and yet to have no laugh forthcoming.
This happens, as said before, in about
one half of the sketches comprising
"The Literary Guillotine."
(John Lane, New York; price $L)
A beautifully illustrated and com
prehensive article on "French Sculp
ture of To-Day," by»C. Yarnall Abbott,
appears In the January issue of the
Booklovers* Magazine. Mr. Abbott,
who is himself an artist, states that
the tendency of French sculpture to
day is toward "naturalism," exhibiting
a decided reaction from the "cold and
dreary classicism" that was its domi
nant note not many years since.
Eleven full page reproductions in half
tone illustrates the text and are beau
tiful and varied examples of the work
of leading French sculptors of to-day.
There are also full-page portiaits of
Louis Ernest Barrlas and Denys
Puech.
Carl Snyder's successful book, "New
Conceptions In Science," has been very
well received in Germany. Johann
Ambrosius Barth, the German pub
lisher, has now opened negotiations
with Harper & Bros., who publish the
book in America, to translate it into
German and issue it at Leipzig. As
the firm of Barth has high standing in
Germany, and particularly as publish
ers of authoritative books of science,
their appreciation of an American
work like Mr. Snyder's Is the more
notable. The book is also published
in England by the Harpers and has
passed through several editions there.
Mrs. Deland's satisfying stories, en
titled, "Dr. Lavendar's People," are
taking their place among classics of a
similar character. The London Athen
aeum compares the book with the best
English models of its kind and says,
"From beginning to end this book
forms delightful reading, in the sense
that 'Pride and Prejudice* and 'Cran
ford' are delightful." The thousands
of readers who know their Jane Aus
ten and Mrs. Gaskell will be thankful
to add the American Mrs. Deland to
that charmed circle.
The "Lounger" in the Critic says:
"Charles Battell Loomis has been
rather annoyed by being accused of
the authorship of 'The Literary Guil
lotine. 1 He requests me to say that
he has had nothing to do with that
book and has no knowledge of the
guilty parties. Any one familiar with
Mr. Loomis' gentle wit knows that
there is none of the sharpness of the
headsman's knife." '^-^'i^
Beatrice Harraden's recent novel,
"Katherine Frensham," is having a
marked success in England, and. in
deed. In Europe, it having already
been translated In French, German,
Danish and Norwegian. Its success
has probably been due to the under
tone of tragedy and pathos that
gathers about the figures of Clifford
and his son. The book has the right,
healthful and courageous outlook on
life; and the story holds the interest
of the reader because of the mingled
humor and anguish that it contains.
ot a language, not of its decay, and ha
recalls many. changes attacked in past
centuries as excruciating vulgarisms
and now counted justly as valuable ad
ditions to our tongue. "The final deci
sion." he concludes, "as to propriety of
usage rests not with individuals—neith
er with men of letters, however prom
inent; nor with scholars, however
learned. It Is In the hands of the whole
body of cultivated users of speech.
They haVe an unerring instinct as to
its necessities. They are a great deal
wiser than any of their self -constituted
advisers, however prominent. Fortu
nately, too. they have the ability to
carry their wishes into effect. They
know what they need, and they can
neither be persuaded out of it ncfr bul
lied out of It. • • • If, in spite of
clamor, they retain a word or construc
tion it may' be generally taken for
granted that It supplies a demand
which really exists."
Mr. Howells writing in Harper's
Weekly advocates a publishers' syndi
cate, or an authors' union, for the pur
pose of Improving the present unsatis
factory relations between the two. As
to the recommended labor union for
authors, Mr. Howells outlines a schema
for' a schedule of prices for fiction,
history, poetry, psychology, travel,
sketches, reviews; and penalties, direct
and indirect, for rating authors. "Of
course, the same prices must be paid to
poor authors as to good ones when once
they are members of the union." As to
the publishers, Mr. Howells suggests
that they should form a syndicate
"pledged among its own members to
the payment of such and such prices
to authors, and bound to an absolute
constancy In one another's behalf."
Robert Grant, in his new novel (the
opening chapters of which appear in
the current Scrlbner's), has taken for
a hero a sort of "smart" young man,
who served to make "A Modern In
stance" the best of Mr. Howells'
stories. Like Bartley Hubbard, Mr.
Grant's hero, Krnil Stuart, is a cheap
soul, full of fine phrases and a rascal
at bottom. Where Mr. Grant is di
verging from the plan of his brother
novelist is in giving the creature a
young wife of type infinitely superior
to that of silly Marcla Hubbard. The
action upon one another of these two
matrimonial factors is enough to make
"The Undercurrent" an inviting story,
but it is easy to foresee that it is to
'have a larger interest as a study of
American life and of American tenden
cies. . J
GUY DE MAUPASSANT is being
revived. A translated edition de
luxe of his complete works has
appeared in London and another
-complete edition is for the first time
on the American market. Lovers of
. literature outside of France seem to
have Just awakened to the fact that
• in that peculiar genius who died in a
madhouse ten years ago there Abided
. a wonderful endowment of true artistic
• genius.
• De Maupassant is the peer in the
short story. There has never been a
master of this difficult art such as he.
XtemarkabJe It is that with the sudden
phenomenal Jump Into popularity which
this form of literary expression has
I made during: the last fifteen years such
a writer as De Maupassant should have
been known, in this country at least.
. «nly bv the unfortunate pirated yel
low back penny catchers which flaunt
kheir highly colored covers of erotic
. design from the news stands. The
worst of his writings only have passed
current in this country and those of
the sort which have difficulty in pass
ing throuch the mails.
But De Maupassant deserves a higher
" niche than that awarded him by read
ers of this sort of stuff. Because the
author was himself so frankly an ani
mal and hesitated not to mirror his
•wn self in some of his stories his
• wortcs have all come under the signifl
.' .cam condemnation of being "French
novels" — a class tabooed, and rightly
so, by the honest reader. Aside from
these lapses inter the extreme, however,
De Maupassant has written some stor
ies which shou'.d be r«-ad by every one
; who appreciates delicacy of conception
and lkn-h of technique. They are per
-. fection in the short story. •
In an essay upon "The Tale" Dt
' Maupassant enunciates the fundamen
tals of his art— the art of a teller of
rc-aj stories of real life. He says:
Tli« . storyteller who pretends to
- Kiv«- <in exact image of life must avoid
with t.ire all the enchantment of in
• Merit* whkii would appear unusual.
His alrti is not to tell us a story to
iii:iUM' us or to make us sad. but to
forpe us to think, to understand the
-,¦¦¦¦-¦¦. d and hidden meaning of every
day occurrences. It is a -personal view
of the world which he endeavors to
communicate to us by reproducing ii.
in his book."
A personal view of the world, an in
sifeht into the life of every day— these,
• then, are the bases of De Maupassant's
. tales. By temperament, by the effects
. of environment, by the early teachings
. of Flaubert he was pre-eminently a
realist. He was not of the Zola na
. turalistic school, which does not fail
to make note of the fact that a green
and gray fly walked over the butter
on the breakfast table. Care for mul
titudinous details did not intrude upon
his keen sense of the real. Xot the
mess of irrelevant details meaning
.nothing nor the useless meanderings
of the naturalists were De Maupas
sant's, but only the outward . sym
bolisms of inward impulses; not a rep
• resentation of life, but life itself.
De Maupassant's conception of life
es reflected in his tales is probably the
most thoroughly Gallic of any in
French literature. Life to him Is but
the futile battle against the mysterious
forces of the eternal fatalities — not a
battle, maybe, but a blind groping.
How pitifully insignificant are human
Joys, sorrows, vanities, follies — what
count they? Instinct alone rules the
actions of mankind. There is no soul.
There is no heart. Love is but the
impulse which draws together two
healthy animals. Death is ever at the
elbow and that is the end. Life is
, ridiculous.
Pessimism this is to be sure. A not
very pleasant or healthy inspiration.
But it is not the pessimism which led
the philosopher to commit suicide be
cause life was worthless. It is not a
BCholarly pessimism nor yet the lyric
. variety of the I3yronic school. If the
term may be used it may be stated
that De Maupassant's was a passive
pessimism — the kind which merely
shrugs its shoulders and turns to the
-absinthe glass. De Maupassant was
too much the man and too little the
philosopher to be of a pugnacious bit
'.t^rness.
This trend of thought of the French
tU/ry writer produces in his tales a
chairn which is felt, but which baffles
definition. All of his stories reflect a
commonplace existence; Into these
humdrum lU-es the author reads the
. pitiless workings of fate which makes
a nock of all efforts. The catastrophe
"has none of the melodramatic clash
and i^rar of the romanticists; it is not
precipitated by the fall of duty before
temptation. The tragic element is
rather reflected by a wholly physical
emotion of utter hopelessness before
• the hidden terror of unseen powers. It
is subdued, though poignant." It in
duces in the reader an Indefinable,
sweet melancholy.
The characters "of De Maupassant's
stories are. for the most part, simple
unlovely bourgeoisie, government clerks
.or soldiers. He pictures their lives
truly; he 'reflects their emotions. But
•in all of his stories the writer remains
aloof from his character. There is
no injection of a part of himself into
them. He maintains a cold, sometimes
a sneering distance. By no words of
his are any sympathies aroused for the
people of his pen. He does not make
life, but simply reflect* it-
Of a necessity the style of De Mau
. passant cannot be maintained in the
transiat^pn. For those who cannot read
the original there is a loss, for his per-
De Maupassant,
a hare Jfrtist
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
7
A HALF HOUR WITH THE WRITERS.Frances .Simonds was slttinr on -the
back piazza sewing, when they ap
;Proached. ' • • '-: . . .->.
r "How delightful this is!" she ex
claimed," thinking- they had come for an
afternc--i call. Bridget was in the
background and .Frances had not
caught sight of her and the.saUcer-of
3. ilk. , •
"We are looking for Mr.'Gray,"-Miss
Deborah explained. "By an accident"—
this. was generous of her— "he got out
of the kitchen— i.".- '
"I let. him .out,'' said Jack, who liked
the glory of the exploit. "He was mew
ing-awfully, and 1 thought he would
be happier " ....."
"Goodness!" said. Frances, rising has
tily. "I hope he hasn't caught any of
our 'chickens." -
The chickens were safe, which seemed
to prove that Mr. Gray's evening stroll
had been taken In the opposite direc
tion, so the little company changed its
curse. Most of the. party returned,
discouraged to .the. house,; but . Miss
Deborah and the/ children faithfully
hunted' far and near,. . but although
some, persons went so' far \ as to say
they had seen a gray cat, no one had
any definite 'news to give and gray
cats were plentiful in the neighbor
hood.
"I. declare," said' Miss Deborah that
evening, "I- feel as badly as if. ¦¦Mr.
Gray were a person;" worse, for people
know when they are doing wrongl To
think of that poor.^dear creature, out
all night. He/has'never been'-out a
single night in his life, blec. his dear
heart.";. v't'^.f-*:"*\ 1 i'-'v?l!?.-''.' : ¦ : + '\'
"It is beginning to rain. I had a pre
sentiment that there would" be trouble
if the Forsyths came on this summer,"
said Miss Letitia ominously. . ' . • "
Miss. Letitia went to bed e- . slept
the sleep of the Just, Lucy worried- a
great deal; and woke several .tlmesiri
the night, while Miss Debo:ah sat up
until after 12 o'clock, hoping 'in vain
for the prodigal's | return. -When she
at last went to bed her sleep was bro
ken by 'roubled dreams. At 5 o'clock
in \ the momin a she was i by,
heart-piercing "mews. She^rose hastily
and joyfully let Mr. Gray, in at the
door that opened on the 'upper? piazza.*
He looked humbled and chastened. One
ear hadTeceiveda" wound, and his "poor
fur was draggled by^ the rain.^.\ ''- '¦
"Dear boy," she said, catching him up
in her arms, "your old auntie has been
"You little monkey,*' said her aunt.
seem a brighter place, and finally the
nurse.
"How good it Is to be here again!"
said John after he had greeted his
aunts.
"Let me take Mary," Lucy begged.
Having a baby In the .house for two
long months was a most delightful
prospect.
Mary looked at her steadily for a mo
ment with blue eyes that had some
thing of the mystery and unfathomable
quality df the sea. Then she put out
her hands to go to her aunt Lucy.
"Dear little girl." said Lucy, taking
her on her lap and giving her a kiss.
"Lucy, you mustn't kiss the baby; It
isn't good for her," Deborah said warn
ingly. "And you hold her as if you
thought she was going to break."
"My baby isn't brittle," Esther re
turned gayly.
Lucy looked at the mother's bright
face. "There is such a thing as happi
ness In the world," she thought.
After the Forsyths had gone to their
rooms to get ready for tea' Miss Letitia
£aid: " Jack has grown a great deal.
He is much more of a boy than he was.
I foresee we shall have trouble with
him."
To which Miss Deborah replied, "Yes,
I am sorry he is so rough. I don't know
what we shall do with Mr. Gray."
"It is even worse than I expected/'
confessed Miss Letitia. "Lily Is less
quiet, too. I don't know how I am go
ing to stand the noise. I don't know
what Esther's nerves are made of. I
am thankful I never married."
"I am glad I never did. I thank
heaven every day. of my life that I
haven't a husband," declared Miss Deb
orah.
Lucy said nothing. Was Letitia,
who had been the beauty and belle of
Epplngham in her youth, reaJly satis
fied with her unstimulating life of In
dolence of body, joined to gentle activ
ity of mind? . Was this what it meant
to have ceased to be young? Should
she herself, in the years to come, learn
to be contented with her life of trifles?
Would there ever be a time when she
would not loowwith envious eyes at
the women who, like Esther/had the
fuller life, with its greater cares but
higher happiness? Deborah seemed
satisfied, too, but hers was the con
tent of the active woman who fills
every hour with loving, If sometimes
mistaken, service. They both seemed
happy with what they had arid . to
crave nothing more! • Was it because
they had chosen their OAvn lives, while
she had been refused the choice?
How strange that this noisy inroad
of life from the larger world, that
filled her with such a keen sensation
of joy, should be merely tolerated by
them?
• • • • •_'!>
"Lucy, have you seen the cat?" Miss
Deborah asked two evenings later.
"No. "Didn't, you bring him in?"
"Of course. I did. I' took^.him out
for a little exercise, as usual, and then
I chained him up in the yard. I do
wish the Simondses would keep their
chickens in. the cellar, it would make
life so much simpler for us," she said,
with the gleam of humor in her eyes
that always accompanied an especial
ly preposterous remark. "Then I
brought him In and put him in the
kitchen, as I always do. And now 1
can't find him. Children," as Jack and '
Lily came rushing into the room,
"have you seen Mr. Gray?" '
"I let him out,", said Jack.
"You let him out! You naughty
boy! He will stay out all night and
probably • be chewed up by a bigger
cat. Oh, my dear, dear Mr. Gray!
Jack, didn't you know you were very
naughty?"
"He seemed to want to get out aw
fully, Aunt Deborah. He was mew
ing like. fury. I didn't know it was
naugjity, truly I didn't. He is awfully
brave? Aunt Deborah, I guess he'll do
most of the chewing up."
. . "I suppose he'll eat about ,-a dozen
of the Simondses' c.hlckens," she said
grimly. "If you had only waited un
til I had given him his supper! But
he Is as hungry as a hawk. Well, the
only thing we can do now is to go out
and see if we can find him."
They made an imposing procession as
they set forth, Miss Deborah a:.: Lucy
In the rear, while Lily and Jack dashed
madly forward. «;
"What is the matter?" called Mis3
Letitia from the window, and when she
was told she, too, descended into the
arena, ; Bridget joined them with a
saucer of milk in her hand, while John
and Esther, who were just returning
from a walk, increased the number of
the search party. Alas! Nothing was to
be seen of " Mr. Gray In the Wyatts'
premises, so they proceeded to their
next-door neighbor's house.
breaking har heart- over you. Life
would be a dreary affair without my
darling boy. You are worth a dozen
baby Marys, do you hear? Lucy can
make, a fool of herself over that child
if she likes, but I am constant to my
old'friends. ¦ Poor dear craature, to have
his, precious ear torn.. You can never
tell me about the fright ap.d horror of
this' dreadful night. And I know 2,011
have been jealous of the baby, dear.
What do I care- about babies?"
Lucy had. heard the news. She went
quickly downstairs and arrived in tims
to hear the greater", part of her sister's
• speech. "If -she' will only keep on feel
ing so!" she thought.' "Mr. Gray is a
perfect dear—for a cat— he Is a great
deal better than nothing, but the baby
is worth a dozen'Mr. Gr-iys!"
To steal upstairs to* the nursery, to
sit on the floor by the hour together
.with baby Mary, to hand her a soool
of thread or a rattle, merely to have
her drop it with laughing glee, in order
that her devoted relative might pick
it up — to repeat this performance over
and over again, was the greatest hap
piness Lucy had known for years.
"Lucy, you must make a stand, or
you will be Imposed on," Miss Deborah
Informed her a few days later. "Esther
is a dear child, but it isn't in human
nature not to taka advantage of 'a
bridge over a stream when you want to
go across, even if the bridge •is mad**
by : the prostrate body of a devoted
relative. Esther had much better stay
at home and look. after her own baby.
There is no occasion for her seeing so
much of her .girlfriends, and she and
John have surely- been married long
enough not to need so many tete-a-tete
drives." • . .
' "But T love to take care of the baby,
and Esther knows she is giving me the
greatest possible happiness in letting
me do it. Nora takes all the responsi
bility. I am delighted to give Esther
a little rest. And as for the drives,
just think how many times John and
Esther have taken two of us with them.
I am sure .they, are most considerate."
' "Oh, I suppose' they are as. consider
.ate as you can ' expect two .such' head
less young things to be. The modern
parent is a profound mystery to me. In'
my; day people took all the "care of
their babies,; or else the bigger chil
dren, looked after the little ones. R^any
a time I have" trundled 1 you'about in
your baby carriage* when I was longing
to play 'hi-spy' with Letitia" and. the
.other girls." ' '' "V ..'•*. ".
, "I't was a shame. . ¦ I . wish mother
coulu '•¦xve afforded a nuraer;* maid."
',» That; evening as tfie" Wyatts were sit
ting around their 1 cheerful tea table
;they* heard ; shrieks issuing from the
baby'srbom, as Esther camj out and
shut the 'door. John was taking tea with
his classmate.^Ned Simonds, and It was
Nora's evening out. Her evenings out,
by tl.e "A'ay, were of , frequent occur
rence.-for she was a young thing and
needed diversion. _
The sisters looked at each other for
a moment in a silence too shocked for
words. At last Miss Letltla Bald. "Do
you suppose she Is going to leave that
child crying like that?"
"It does not seem possible." said
Miss Deborah. .\
Presently Esther came gayly^lnto the
room. She bad been playing tennis, and
had come home just In time to give the
baby her supper and put her 'to bed.
Esther had on her bicycle . skirt, and
her pretty hair was curling in little
rings around her face, .while the exer
cise had given her a color even' bright*
er than usual. -
"I'm awfully sorry to be late. Aunt
Deborah," she said. "We were having
a most exciting tennis match; John
and I played against Frances and Ned
"Simonds, arid we beat them, although
.we 'did' it by the skin of our teeth. I
thought that, was d/aing pretty well for
a humdrum /pair from New York City.
I didn't have, time to .do my hair or
change rriy dress. : I will after tea. Oh.
do you mind?" she added, noticing the
gathering cloud on the faces of her
aunts.
"I am wondering how you can leave
• that poor child screaming upstairs."
Miss. Deborah said. ' ': ¦£
Esther laughed. "It is nothing but
temper. She didn't want me to come
down stairs; the doctor told me not to
humor her." she added, as she helped
herself to tomato salad. "If I had
stayed with her to-night she would
howl like that every evening when we
leave her. Poor little soul, it seemed
very hard* hearted to come off, but
she'll get over it in a minute."
Lucy wondered how any mother
could take those heart-breaking
screams so calmly. Miss Deborah felt
indignant, and Misa Letitia was driven
nearly frantic by the noise. , - :
"Dqn't you think somebody had bet
ter go upstairs and stop her?" she
asked. "I have had a bad headache all
day. and although I dare say the dis
cipline of leaving her alone may be
Kood for her, it is just a little hard on
•'Oh', you poor dear," said Esther,
looking regretfully at her salad. "I
never thought of that. I'll go right up
myself," and she rose hastily.
"Let me- go." Lucy entreated. "I
have finished my supper."
"Lucy, you haven't eaten enough to
keep a bird alive," said Miss Deborah
reproachfully. "Let Esther manage her
own baby." ¦ -Cr.-'-
Lucy gently pushed Esther back Into
her seat. "I would like to go to her,"
she said.
Shc # ran swiftly upstairs. Mary was
already crying less violently. Her rage
had given away to grief. If she had
the Forsyth temper, she had also in
herited the Norris disposition to make
the best of things. She was sitting up
in her crib, and her two dimpled hands
were put helplessly up to her rosy face,
Awhile the tears stood in her reproach
ful eyes.
"You darling." Lucy cried, catching
her up and kissing her with passionate
tenderness. "You little dear. Come to
Aunt Lucy, come, dear, dear baby,
and we'll 'Ride a cock horse to Ban-
bury Cress.' " £ .-
The baby, was much pleased with this
invitation, and subsequent events
proved that she was not too young to
learn the lesson of cause and effect.
When she was in New York she cried
in vain; nobody invaded her solitude,
but here it required only a few screams'
to bring a kind, yellow-haired lady with
a gently rustling gown, who took her
out of her wretched crib and danced
her on her knees, and this friendly
Aunt Lucy would stay until she was
fairly asleep and it was much more
sociable. Then there was one never
to-be-forgotten evening, when the yel
low-haired ,aunt was very tired and the
short; stout aunt came upstairs in her
place..; -i ;^ '
•• '-Lucy'," Miss Deborah had said, "you
are getting perfectly worn out with the
vagaries of that imp of a child. John
and 'Esther -ought not to have gone out
to tea when Nora was out too. No, you
p ha 11 not get off .that sofa; I forbid it.
I'll go up to' Mary. I can make her be
have herself in two minutes."
Lucy looked at the clock and became
more and more Jealous as the time
passed "and her sister did not come
down. Ten minutes went by, quarter of
an hour, twenty minutes; it -was a
shame. Baby Mary would get to love
Deborah best. People, as well as cats,
always did sooner or later,' and no
wonder. Lucy was obliged to own with
?toe.' or else your poor aunt Lcey.
dear, delicate child, has to speadhor
•venlnc with you. I am poatttrejy
•shamed of you. Tou are * dliyrac* U
the family. Do you hear?"
Baby Mary heard. How much ate
understood it were difficult to say. bat
¦hs stepped crylsc and fastened he*
blue eyes on the rosy face of her aunt
with a fascinating gaze. The not
moment in* electrified her by nylaf.
"Debba."
"Oh, the darling child.- cried MU«
Xteborah. *,'8he Is trying to say my
same, and she hasn't once triad to say
Xucy* or 'Letltla.* The dear, precious.
amusing little monkey! Dear baby,
you must go to sleep, but I don't g*t
up to the nursery very often, so first
Til aay /Robert Barnes, fellow fin*,*
to you, once, only once, remember,**
and she lifted her out of th» crib.
Miss Deborah sat down In th« lo>w
chair, and. turning up one tiny, pink
foot, she patted it vigorously as ah* re
peated the childish classic When it
came to —
Hert » nail and there a prod;
Now, good sir, your hort* is shod.
¦he pinched the little foot with a win
and tossed it vigorously In the air.
Mary was delighted. She laughed up
roariously and put out the other little
foot Invitingly.
"Well, Just once more," said Mls»
Deborah.
At the end of the second performance
the baby put out her right foot again.
"You little monkey," said her aunt.
"No more, positively no more."
Mary looked thoughtful, then sh*
put out her left foot, and. In accents
that would have melted a heart of
stone, she said "Debba."
When Miss Deborah at last went
downstairs her face wore* the non
committal look of a person who does
not wish to be questioned.
"Have you seen the evening paper?"
¦he asked Lucy.
"Letitia had It a moment ago. sh*
has Just gone upstairs to get her em
broidery- What kept you so long?"
Lucy Inquired after a moment's si
lence.
"Was I long?" Miss Deborah de
manded with candid Innocence. "Mary
was a little restless. It took longsr
to cuiet her than I expected."
It was in vain for Mlsa Deborah to
try to keep her new relations with th«
baby a secret, for that young person
gave the situation away the very next
morning. "When she was brought
downstairs and her aunt Lucy was go-
Ing to take her. as usual, she shook
her head. and. looking past her to the
sprightly aunt who was knitting th«
red stripe of an afghan, she said,
"Debba."
"So you taught her to say your
name last night?" Lucy asked, with
that stab at the heart with which she
was only too familiar.
"I didn't. Honestly I didn't Th«
witch suddenly said 'Debba* out of
the whole cloth. I couldn't have been
more startled if the gilt clock on the
Browns' stable were to begin to crow.
The monkey looks so small and as If
her mind were just a vacant sheet of
paper. Say 'Lucy.' dear. That la *
much prettier name. 'Lucy, Lucy.' "
"Debba."
"Xo, Lucy." •
"Debba."
Mary laughed. The Wyatt sense of
humor had evidently been transmitted
to her.
"You are an ungrateful little
wretch. Aunt Lucy is the person who
is a slave to you."
"Debba," and' she put out her
foqt.
"Oh, you want me to say, 'Robert
Barnes, fellow fine,* do you? I know
a great many nicer things than that.
If I am to be manager of a theater I
will at least have a variety In th»
plays," and taking the baby In her
lap Miss Deborah began. "This little
pig went to market, this little pig
stayed home," and so on down to the
line of Mary's small fingers.
"I am so glad we came on this sum
mer," Esther confided to her husband
a fortnight later. "I was afraid the
baby would be too much for your
aunts. They were used to the other
children, and knew what to expect, but
the baby was an unknown quantity. I
didn't think Aunt Deborah would be
so devoted to her."
"That was only because you didn't
know Aunt Deborah. "
"Well, I know her now. I useil to b»
afraid of her before I was married, but
she is the dearest old thing in the
world. I declare she grows younger
every day. Before long she—"
"You see, I was right in vetoing your
proposition to go to a boarding
house," John broke in. "It seemed a
pity that three ladies with such a
wealth of affection should lavish it all
dn a cat." •»
Mr. Gray, who was lying on the
hearth rug. looked as if he hud his
own views on this subject.
"Poor old fellow," said Esther, tak
ing the cat up in her arms, "don't mind
what John says. He is nothing but a
clumsy man. You are nicer than he is
in ever so many ways. You never In
terrupt, and you always let me have
the last word."
"And in this case the last word If
that the baby—" John began.
"Is even nicer than Mr. Gray,** ¦?•
finished.
BY ELIZA ORNE WHITE.
(Copyright by McClure, Phillips & Co.)
THE arrival of the Monday even-
Ing mall was the chief event of
the week to the Miss Wyatts be
cause It brought the Xew York
letters. From the time that Mary
Wyatt had become Mrs. Amos For
eyih until Just before her death, more
than thirty years later, there had never
bean a break In the correspondence
save when the sisters were together.
At last there had come an anxious Mon
day evening when no letter reached
them, and later a few hurried lines
from Mary's son John, with whom Bhe
had lived since his wife's death, telling
of the illness of his mother; then a
telegram saying that all was over, and
finally that desolating gap that can
never be bridged.
"I suppose you have a letter for me?"
eaid Miss Letitia, as Lucy came in with
the Monday evening mall.
"That Is very strange. It is John's
turn to write to me."
Miss Deborah opened her letter and
gave En exclamation oL surprise.
"I hope th«re is not any bad news? "
Lucy aeked anxiously.
"No. They are all well. John Is
proposing to bring all the family on to
spend the summer with us."
"Upon mv word, that is cool!" ex
claimed Miss Letitia, "It is very
strange he did not write to me when It
is my turn, and I am the oldest," ehe
added.
"I suppose he wrote to me because I
am housekeeper. Tou can answer the
letter if you like."
"J have enough letters of my own to
answer, thank you. I should think
Esther would have the sense to see
that it may not be convenient for us
to have two grown people and two chil
dren and a nurse and baby to spend the
summer."
'"She has," and Miss Deborah read
an extract from the letter.
"Esther tells me we are altogether
too big a family now to Inflict on you,
and as her father's house Is not large
enough to receive us she proposes our
going to Mrs. Homer Newhall's board
ing-house, but I told her my aunts
would fee! deeply hurt if we didn't
come to them. Of course. If for any
reason it is not convenient, you will let
us know frankly. I long to have you all
see Mary. She Is beginning to walk
and take notice, and yesterday she
electrified me by saying papa."
"John is a perfect fool over that
child." Miss Deborah observed. "Mary
is 13 months old and ought to have
eaid 'papa* weeks ago; Lucy said
'papa' and 'mamma' when she was
nine months old, and John himself —
and boys are not usually bo forward
as girls — began to talk when he
was — "
"For heaven's sake, spare us those
reminiscences," said Miss Letitia.
"What are you going to write to
John?"
*'Oh, I supose they will have to
come; but what on earth can we do
about Mr. Gray I don't 6ee. Jack and
Lilly will tease him outrageously, poor
creature, and he Is used to such a
placid life."
"I declare, Deborah, I believe you
put the cat's comfort before that of
your own family. I am used to a
placid life, too," Miss Letitia re
marked.
"You can protect yourself. If the
babV were only a little younger I
shouldn't mind bo much, but as soon
as a child is big enough to walk it is
big enough to get into every kind of
mischief. Dear, fascinating little
thing! I long to s«»e her,. but I would
rather see her at the distance of Mrs.
Newhall's boarding-house."
'Then why don't you have the cour
sge of your convictions and say so to
John?"
••Letitia!" Lucy cried reproachful
ly. "You wouldn't have the heart to
let them go to a boarding-house when
we have four spare rooms!" '/'-'- •, ;
•*Wf> can manage the room well
enough," said Miss Deborah. "We
ran give them the three south rooms
opening together."
"So you are planning to have me
move out of my room?" Miss Letitia
asked.
"Why, I thought you could move
Into mine, and I would take the little
room. It would be much more com
fortable for them to have *connect
inq; rooms and an open fire."
Miss Deborah had known her sister
for. more than fifty years, and her
faith in tho inherent unselfishness of
human nature was so great that she
could still make a proposition of this
kind.
••Lclitia would never be happy In
any room but her own," said Lucy,
who had knocked her head against
her sister's limitations too often not
to recognize them. "It's no matter if
they don't have conectrhg rooms. The
nurse and the baby can be across the
hall."
' I am very sorry about poor, dear
Mr. Gray," said MiS3 Deborah, revert
ing to he»r pet. "1 know that naughty
baby trill pull his tail and make him
very unhappy, and as for Jack and
j^j] v •• Ndi
"John i« a dear fellow," Miss Letitia
Interrupted, 'but, like all men, he is
selfish. It never occurs to him to look'
at things from any point of view but
h!» own." ¦ .
They were coming, actually comlnf,
at last. Miss Deborah had gone to the
station to meet them, and Miss Letitia
and Lucy were waiting in the parlor,
which was gay with a wealth of roses
arranged in bowls and vases by Lucy's
skillful fingers. It was not often that
she was allowed to follow her own taste
entirely, even in small things, but the
others had been so busy with larger
decisions that they had left the cutting
and arranging of the flowers to her.
"My dear, you have a real genius for
fixing: flowers," said Miss Letitia, She
always recognized perfection when she
¦aw It, but her praise was given so
rarely that her words brought a glow
to Lucy's heart.
At last there was the sound of wheel*
on the gravel, then came a gay laugh
and a shrill voice called out, "Mr. Gray!
What an awfully funny name for him.
I thought he was a person when Aunt
Lucy wrote about him first. HI! Mr.
Gray, you needn't be so scared of me.
Hullo, Aunt Lucy!" and Jack rushed
into the room, closely followed by his
sister Lily. Next came John, carrying
the baby with patriarchal pride; then
Esther, rosy and happy, with a light In
her eyes that made the whole world
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU.
a remorseful sigh. There never was a
more unselfish, spontaneous, whole
souled woman than her sister Deborah.
Miss Deborah, meanwhile, had ap
proached the baby with feelings of ex
asperation. Of course Lucy had spoiled
the child. Lucy always did spoil every
body. If no one had gone up to Mary
that first evening no one need ever
have gone. Esther had been right, she
knew the characteristics of her" child
better than they did, but the mischief
had been done, and now it was for hr.
Deborah Wyatt. to discipline this smaU
piece of humanity, as she had discip
lined the baby's grandmother and her
great aunt Lucy.
"Well. Mary Forsyth." she began, as
she entered the nursery, "this is a
pretty piece of business: To keep thrcs
quiet maiden ladies in a stew like this
every evening. Either you howl until
your aunt Letitia is ready for the *Ner-
8
MR. GRAY'S RIVALno_textK. E. E.— It was Carlyle- who, by his
analysis of Tenfelsdrockh's book on
clothes, established the theory that so
ciety la founded on cloth's. All men
women, that Is— are born equal; the Ine
qualities develop with the clothes they
inherit or acquire. Clothes denote not
only the means of a woman, but still
more decidedly express her tasta and ed
ucation.
Bailie.— To make honey and almond
paste to use In massaging the arms, rub
the yolks of two eggs with one-fourth of
a pound of strained honey and two
ounces ground bitter almonds. Then add
slowly one ounce almond oil and one
half dram each of attar of cloves and at
tar of bersamot.
Carrie Careless.— The word pomatum.
about which you inquire. Is derived from
pomum. an apple, because pomatum was
originally made by macerating overripe
apples in grease. If an apple be stuck all
over with spice, such as cloves, then ex
posed to the air for a few days, and aft
erward macerated In purlrled melted lard,
or any other fatty matter, the crease will
become perfumed. Repeating the opera
tion with the same grease several times
produces real pomatum. According to a
receipt published more than a century
ago, the form given is: Kid's- grease, two
pippins, an orange sliced, a glass of ros»
water and half a glass of white wine,
boiled and strained and finally sprinkled
with oil of sweet almonds.
John J. — The upper arm should measure
from two to two and a half Inches more
than the forearm. The expanded chest
should be eight or ten inches larger than
the smallest natural waist. Light gym
nastics, without apparatus, will do any
one much good. According to ons author
ity, wrestling- Is "the very best physical
pastime." It Improves evexy muscle of
the body, and nerve, patience, endurance,
agility, quickness and coolness are all In
volved.
Camilla— A little salt dissolved In warm
water— about quarter of a saltspoonful to
half a cup of water— will remove Inflam
mation from eyelids reddened by the
wind. If your hands perspire freely keep
a Jar of powdered alum on the toilet table.
Occasionally use a little of this in the
water with which the hands are washed.,
but don't use It every day. If you ar«
going to a ball or reception, use the alum
bath before putting on your gloves.
Caroyln— Don't be guided entirely by
your feelings in the matter of exerclas.
When a person feels the least like taking
exercise that is apt to be the time It Is
needed the most. If you are "nervous,"
as you say, take your athletics slowly and
not In 'a quick, jerky manner. Very little
exercise daily— for five minutes, say— U
much better than. none.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Rosamond L.— A complexion cream for
the face, which will xnaka It smooth and
white, is made by mixing- two ounces of
precipitated chalk thoroughly with four
ounces of cologne spirits, 93 p«r cent
Then add four ounces of rosewater. quar
ter ounce of glycerin and two drams of
extract of white roae. BotUp and always
shake well before using. It Is best ap
plied with a small sponge.
There is a little smile that Is might
ily overdone by many, women with
dainty, piquant faces. It is the Infan
tile smile, the brilliant, babyish smile,
that means little but is full of the Joy
of living. It is a dewy smile with an
appealing, artless glance and a care
fully planned, "unstudied" expression,
a smile that twinkles like a little lost
star, a smile that makes the average
man want to take a girl up In his arms
and talk baby talk to her, a smile that
wins love as a baby coaxes jam from
the stern parent, a smile that even the
"two-seat hog" in a street car cannot
resist until his mornlns paper is fin
ished.
The society smirk is a smile that (a
much, decried, yet. while It is all arti
fice, It Is one of the most useful smiles
known to women. The society smirk is
the cold, meaningless parting *of the
lips vouchsafed by the average hostess,
when the butler happens to spill the
soup In her lap or an extra guest ar
rives for dinner. The society woman
needs a cloak for her emotions, and the
popular smirk 13 the most perfectly fit
ting cloak that she can wear. With this
macle-to-order smile at her command
the popular hostess can cover every
slip in the domestic regime, every em
barrassing situation, every personal
emotion. She can greet her \-est friend
and the woman she most dislikes with
perfect impartiality of expression. The
society smirk can cover a household
full of skeletons. It 'can hide a social
catastrophe and help make a social de
feat look like a triumph. It Is the smile
of the social martyr. Like manners, it
may be artificial, but it is necessary for
the benefit of the many. The society
smirk is nothing more nor less than a
habit, acquired by constant association
with persons one wishes to treat agree
ably.
It is like a mask, which, after hav
ing done good service all evening, may
he taken off when one goes to bed at
night. Like cabbages and potatoes.
It may not be beautiful, but it is em
inently useful; and. to a few— a very
few — women It Is becoming, "j
To the woman who wishes to make
her path through life an easy and
agreeable one, the science of smiling
is a most necessary study. Like acting
or art or engineering, it is a thing in
which practice can only make one per
fect A, little theory may go a long
way, but It As enough to remember
these two rules: First the honey of
a smile catches more files than the
vinegar of a frown or the pepp'er of a
sneer; second, it is not the mechanical
beauty, but the significance of a smile
that makes it attractive. Knowing
these two things and possessing a
looking-glass the plainest of her kind
can make herself popular with that
das that is too sultry. Mixed with the
warmth and significance of the co
quette's smile there should always be
a spice of the coquette's indifference.
For a coauette Is a potpourri.' It Is
the very illusiveness of her smile that
charms.
easily wheedled sex that loves nothing
so much as to be smiled upon.
The Fad of tHe Hour
By Elsie Carmichael
HIS COMPOSITE NEW STORIETTE
V'That is very hard luck,' Dick." ah*
said slowly. " : "Can.'t you really tell T
You must like one ' better than the
other." '-¦' ' ¦ ; '. • •¦'-'-¦;.;\ V.- T. ;'- :
• ;"Ifs like this," he explained. "You
see, I care an awful lot for them both,
and first I think it's one and then the
- other. The queer t>art is that almost
always when I'm "with one I am think
ingTabbut' the other one, 'and wishing
L were with her. It's awfully queer."
"It is 'strange,", she assented, with
a little catch, in her voice. . 'They, are
*8o N different that you like some things
in one. the other "has not If they
could.be made into a sort of compo
site you would be all right"
He . looked so distressed and em
barrassed that ordinarily Nan would
have difficulty In suppressing a laugh,
but" now! ,'the j color faded | from her
cheeks and she. looked at him seri
ously.. -..V '.. ¦.;.-!--¦>' ;•>»':> :. •.
piece of i Dresden | china f I «ver saw.
See here. Nan."-: he sat up straight and
a flush .rose under his tan, "do you
know;I'm in a sort of a fix. Don't
laugh, will you? -.: You i must help ma
out. • I think I'm in love with both
those girls a.t once.", • ',"!'¦'
astlcally. "isn't she a corking looking
ETlrl, Nan ? Jove, she carries herself
like a queen. And strong! Why she
has more good hard muscle than
many men. I love to see her play
tennis or. paddle a ¦ canoe, but . still
sometimes, Nan, a fellow wants some
one to nit around and listen to him
and sympathize, don't you know?"
"Yes, I know," sHe. said thought
fully, "I have, a little of that feeling
about Helen myself. She has so much
strength and health :¦ ¦ that ' It almost
tires one. Still she Is a perfect dear,
Dicky, and has a great deal of charac
ter." Nan always was a loyal sort of
*IrI. :. ¦, ....... "¦ .. .. _ ./ „, f; .
••Yes. she has," he said earnestly.
He laid down his paddle and lighted
his pipe In silence! ¦ Then he leaned
back comfortably against the thwarts
and let the canoe drift through the
cloud-reflected water. -.:
"Then there's Betty," he went on
after a. pause.' • "She is all that Helen
is not. She is' the daintiest, prettiest
"Ah, don't turn your back on me,"
he said. 'That's what Helen does,
ehe always wants to paddle and it
(Copyright, 1903, by Elsie Car
michael.)
jj^i _^ ii |— j ELLO, Kan."
Nan stopped swlng-
"Hello, Dicky," she
fyjB^ J MfiB2^'\ called, then she
-^iL— ZZ^^-l] laughed as she looked
up into his lugubrious, face. "Why,
what's the matter?"
"Oh, nothing.** responded Dicky,
throwing himself down on the upper
step of the veranda.
"Yes there is," contradicted Nan,
extricating herself from the ham
mock. "Something has been doing,
and you must tell me all about It."
Dick laughed as he looked down at
the diminutive figure with her imperi
ous little ways. He rose to his six
feet one with an amused glance.
"Come out for a paddle," he begged.
"I am grouchy and I want to be Jol
lied."
• "Shall I paddle bow or sit and talk
to you?" she asked, hesitating before
she stepped Into the green canoe.
isn't any fun to talk to- a girl's back,
you know."
Nan loved to kneel In the bow and
watch the new unbroken water ahead
as they stole silently across the lake,
but instead she. seated herself among
the cushions facing him. She had a
tactful way. of adapting herself, to
other people's moods, that made her
a charming companion.
"Isn't it a corking day?" he said af.
ter a long silence while he sent the
canoe forging ahead under his slow,
powerful strokes.
"Yes," responded Nan absently, as
she trailed her hand in the water and
watched the .slow moving masses of
white cloud piling up »in the south.
"So Helen always likes to paddle, does
she?" she asked.
"Always," he assented. "She never
is content to sit still for two minutes.
She isn't a bit restful."
For a moment Nan felt inclined to
laugh. Dicky in his strength and with
his superb physique was the last one
who looked as though his nerves need
er a restful person to quiet them.
"She has such a lot of extra energy
and vitality that she has to do some
thing to use them up," she said.
. "Yes, I know," cried Dicky, enthusi-
"Yes. that's it," he cried. "You al
ways understand so well,, Nan. I feel
you won't look on me as a fool to tell
you all this. 1-alway^do tell you
things somehow. You f ieej -I love
Helen's strength arid •health I and
beauty, but I'm 3 always . wishing she
had Bettyfs little sympathetic ways
and wasn't ' so brusque, . Arid ¦¦ then
when I am in a certain mood' I love
Betty with her "poetic nature and her
fascinating quiet, manners. ¦ Sometimes
I feel ! as j though I .would. 7 like nothing
better, 'than?. to> take care , of her and
shield; her "'all my i life,* she is so frail
and helpless. But '¦'} there are * times
when Ij,feel so full (of; strength ' and
life | and energy, j arid then she don't
seem to enter Into things. It's ' then
I;love:tb go galloping off with Helen
over ; fences and ditches, . feeling the
wind whistle in my ears and the ex
hilaratlonYand spipe of danger Jn it.
Or to sail 'right into the teeth of a
storm £ that would make Betty sick.
Helen is a great sailor. Why she can
manage a boat, Nan—quite as well as
you." '/ V.:
Nan flushed with pleasure, though
he said it as he might have said it
to another mas.
"You see -what * hole Tm in," h«
finished.'
"Yes." said Nan slowly. "Dick, I
would go slow. You don't want to
make a mistake. It would about
break my heart If you weren't happy."
She choked a little. . \
Dick leaned over and grasped her
hand. ,"You are a dear. Nan," he said.
"I. know you will stick .by me what
ever happens." He puffed away at his
pipe with his dark eyes fixed thought
fully on her face.
The next day Iran went away. A
mysterious telegram had called her
back to the great hotel where her
; family, was staying, and she left Dicky
feeling very lonely and forlorn.
She was sitting on the hotel piazza
one day a week later, a book open in
¦ her lap, but her eyes fixed dreamily
on - the distant mountains across the
lake," when she saw a familiar figure
swinging up the path .between the
pines that lead to the station. She
started up: and for an Instant her
heart seemed to stop beating! Then
the color surged back into her face
and she ran down the steps to wel
come him.
"Dicky." she cried. "How good to
see you. Why this sudden appari
tion?"
Dick's face was flushed, too, under
his tan; there was a light in his dark
eyes Nan had never seen there before,
and In an instant she knew his secret;
he had come to tell her that he was
Dick stopped and laid his hands on
her shoulders, compelling her to look
up. "It's neither of them. Nan." he
said. "The only girl I have ever loved
is you, sweetheart. I did not find It
out until you went away, and then I
realized it. Oh, I've been so lonely
without you, dear, so lonely. I>o you
remember you said I ought to have a
composite of those two? Well, you
are that composite; It was always you,
only I- was blind before."
Nan trembled and moved a little
away from him so that the width of
the path was' between them. Then she
looked at the lake b-'dre her with
steady eyes. "Is it Betty or Helen?"
she asked softly. .
"Nan," said Dick, abruptly. "I've
come to tell you something. Tou will
probably think I have acted like a
fool, but you must forgive me, dear
— you always understand and make al
lowances for me. I have decided
•whom I love at last"
engaged to Betty or Helen — which?
The color faded from her cheeks.
Dick gave his suitcase to a bellboy and
turned to her again.
"Let us walk down to the lake," he
said quietly. There was a new dig
nity about him that was beautiful in
Nan's eyes.
The shadow of the Dines enfolded
them as they entered the woo-lUini
path. Their footsteps were hushed
In the red-gold pine needles. Through
the dim mysterious vistas of tall tree
trunks gleamed the lake.
Whatever a man says, no matter how
deep, nor how trivial his remark, nor
how much nor how little she under
stands of it. her smile will give him an
answer that will be all satisfying. He
may be talking of pates de fois gras,
or discussing Wagner. He may mere
ly remark that Brown's broiled lobstei
is the best in town. Her smile will
seem to say, "And do you think so,
too!" Or he may declare that "Ibsen
dwells too much in the ether," and
that same smile will say, "How clever
of yoii to put it that way! How per
fectly we understand each other!"
And the man's heart will warm to her.
whether It be a fossil or only a second
ary stomach.
Yet any woman with, a particle of
tact and Intelligence can cultivate the
sympathetic smile. Only the woman
monologist, who has not time to give
her vis-a-vis a show in the conversa
tion, need fail. For the cympathslic
smile is the smile of the listener rather
than of the talker, the smile that says
much and is so useful In the gentle art
of managing a man.
Next to the woman with the sym
pathetic smile a man likes best the girl
with a good, hearty, frank, open smile
— a smile that might be called a laugh
and Is Indeed usually accompanied by
an Irrepressible ripple or gurgle. The
frank smile does not begin in nny one
place; it flashes all over the face at
once. Some Women fattcy that "a
frank smile" means merely parting the
lips and openlng.the eyes wide, so that
all one really observes is a pair of
big eyes and a good set of -teeth. But
a frank smile is a lighting up of the
whole face. This is a smile that can
not be cultivated.
It is the natural spontaneous expres
sion of the girl who is at peace with
all the world. When a man is walking
along hurriedly, with his troubles
weighing down his shoulders and press
ing his forehead into a wrinkle, it is
like a sudden dose of a stimulant to
glance up and meet the glowing eyes
of the girl with a frank smile and to
hear that little bubbling gurgle. The
frank smile has the same effect upon
a man as the raising of his window
shade on a bright sunny winter morn
ing. It is warming and enlivening and
cheering. But it has not the fascina
tion nor the personal significance of the
sympathetic smile.
There is a smile that to some wo ien
is (~s natural as a dinr of a curl.
It is the significant smile, the smile
of the coauette. the smile that comes
with eyes that glance out of the t cor
ners and lips that are only half parted.
Some women are born flirts, and from
the time that they first lure the male
members of the family Into bringing
them taffy and sugar plums on the sly
to the time when they begin to lure
other girls 1 sweethearts away . from
them they understand the full value
of the significant smile. Other women
attempt, by fetching glances of th»
eyes and making a move of the llps^
to cultivate this dangerous smile; but
the trouble with the girl who does this
is that she usually overdoes it. A smile
that is too significant is as disgusting
as tea that is too sweet, or a summer's
There is a certain type of woman
who knows how to smile scientifically.
She is the woman with the sympa
thetic smile, the most fascinating
smile to the masculine mind and
heart; the slow, sweet, hfclf- wistful
smile, the smile that does not flash
upon you all at once, but begins in
the eyes and spreads slowly over the
face; the very personal smile, that is
accompanied by a direct, significant
and searching glance, straight Into
your own eyes. A woman who has
cultivated this smile — for the sympa
thetic smile is invariably cultivated —
can make a fool think himself bril
liant, an old man fancy himself a
devilish boy, don't you know, and a
youngster imagine that he has, at last,
found the woman 'who understands
him. She need not be clever: she need
not even be a good conversationist.
A woman may be a plain, insignifi
cant little thing, but if she understands
the art of smiling, the science of say
ing all she means and a little more,
by the mere parting of her lips and the
flash of her eyes and teeth she will nev
er have to worry about blank spaces on
her dance programme or the fit of
ready-made frocks. The clever girl,
who can keep a whole drawing-room
full of people amused by her witticisms
and her epigrams, may be a social light
in her way, but while she is entertain
ing the catch of the season, who sits
next her at dinner, and while -she Is
earning his intellectual admiration and
keeping him on the qui vive with her
repartee, there are ten chances to one
that there will be a wise, silly little
thin? somewhere across the table-smil
ing her way straight down into his
heart without saying a single word.
Yet the art of smiling does not con
sist in a mere flashing of teeth and
eyes, or in the illusive dancing of a
dimple. The average girl with a
pretty row of white teeth, who works
day and night to keep up a perpetual
smiling, whose lips part on the slight
est provocation, without rhyme or rea
son, incites a man to a frenzy for
pinching her to eee if he can make
her frown. A woman may smile too
much as well as t< little and too
warmly as well as too coldly. Even
vinegar is preferable to an overdose
of sugar.
an you may safely conclude
that it is the trick of her smile and
pome subtle quality therein that has
entrapped him. For a ¦woman's smile
is the proverbial honey that catches the
masculine fly. From Circe down it has
been the ¦woman who smiled properly
and scientifically, as well as at the
right time, who ruled men and made
them do foolish things, from bringing
her bonbons to bringing her the heads
of her enemies neatly served on a sil
ver dish.
WHEN a man Is fascinated, for
no ostensible reason, by a
plain and uninteresting wom-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY. CALL.
10
THE FEMININE SMILE THAT FASCINATESContinued on Page Twtlto, >
Itself most beneficently in the educa
tion and development of Emperor Wil
liam's children. The infinite love which
Empress Augusta Victoria, a true
mother, in the Sweetest sense of the
word, bears for her children Is dis
cernible In the well balanced disposi
tion - and demeanor of - the youqg
consciousness of the high position which
birth has bestowed upon him.
His tastes are those of a gentleman.
While a predilection for the military
profession — born In every scion of the
house of Hohenzollern and carefully
nursed by the .process of education—
naturally prevails, the young Prlnca
has shown the greatest interest in ath
letic sports, music and various branches
of study, history and languages be
ing his strong points.
The influence of family life, which in
the imperial family of Germany is a
more potent factor than in any other
reigning house of Europe, has exerted
Princes. This motherly love was par
ticularly helpful to the Crown Prince,
who, as the oldest, was In duty bound
to outstrip all his younger brothers in
every branch of learning; it ¦ carried
him over many a difficult task which
the exacting demands of his imperial
'•>¦•¦' /
leisure hours, and. many a pretty" tale
about .such - family scenes Is current
In court circles.: Emperor William
thought well of giving his boys in their
early youth opportunities to become
. acquainted with the important person
ages ' of,' his entourage. For this pur
pose he Instituted the custom of having
them, come into the dining hall after
luncheon to meet the inv'ted guests.
The: young Princes would then be in
troduced-and chat with the Ministers
of state, diplomats or generals" who
might happen to be present.
" On one such occasion the Emperor,
being in particularly good humor, lifted
the Crown ; Prince upon his shoulders)
some high dignitaries, of the court fol
lowing suit with the two other Princes
that "were present, and the procession
filed out amid laughter ' and boyish
shouting' to pay a visit to the apart
ments;of: the Empress, who received
the callers smiles, Twhlle the
younger members ' of 'the • family sur
rounding'her clapped their tiny hands
¦ in childish : glee at the funny ' spectacle.
father had -placed .before .the - future
ruler of Germany. C' -'.¦ /
Yet, strict— nay, lnexorabler-as the
Emperor always has been- with" his
children whenever the % question of duty
was concerned; he is wont' to play and
romp and frolic with'them' during their
¦ BY A GERMAN JOURXALIST.
r^\ MONG the numerous Princes of
f I royal blood that grace Euro
i j pean courts there is one who
JL easily stands foremost in this
brilliant galaxy, not only by dint of
the pruspect of future power and the
exalted position which some day will
be his lot, but even more, perhaps, be
cause of his attractive individuality,
the many amiable personal traits
which lend a peculiar charm to this*
young Prince, the coming ruler of a
great nation.
William, Crown Prince of Germany
and heir to the throne of Prussia, is a
ilender. well-built youth of 21 years.
His features, without being regular,
are pleasant and interesting, especially
to the feminine eye: .his . movements
graceful and well defined, hi3 manner
.prepossessing and cordial, yet dignified
and showing strength of character and
Boyish pranks were . not infrequent
during this period. Once, when -a dis
tinguished visitor had audience with
the Emperor, the Crown Prince ob
served that the gentleman before being
ushered into the august presence com
pressed his opera hat and laid it on a
chair in the antechamber. The head
piece was a novelty for the Prince. He
examined the same closely and experi
mented with it to his great satisfac
tion.
' A few days later the Rev. Dr. Dry
ander. Court Chaplain, called to pay
his respects to his- Majesty. He wore
a brand-new stovepipe and deposited
his) shining tile in the antechamber
before going to the audience. Crown
Prince William, who happened to be
near with his younger "brother, -Eltel
Fritz, Immediately started to investi
gate the reverend gentleman's hat and,
remembering the Interesting experl
ence'with the opera hat. tried to com
press the stiff plus in the same man
ner.
The efforts being far from success
ful, he placed the hat back I on the
chair, and assuming the tone of a su
perior officer, commanded* his brother
to sit down on it. The command was
promptly obeyed, and the was
instantaneous and complete, the Court
Chaplain's hat being reduced to the
shape of a pancake.
Of course, the misdeed could not be
hidden, and the reverend gentleman
was rather perplexed when the sad
looking wreck came to his notice. Upon
hearing the story of the experiment,
however, he laughed heartily and In
sisted on keeping the hat as a souv
enir.' . •
The course of education and train
ing prescribed for thjs imperial chil
dren is a very rigorous one. and the
Crown Prince especially had a pretty
strenuous time, until a few years
ago he entered public life, attain
ing his majority on the eighteenth
anniversary of his birth. Private
tutors,' under the immediate supervis
ion of the Empress, laid. the founda
tion.: The 'teacher 1 who first intro
duced him to i ' the elementary princi
ples of reading, writing and'arlthmetic
was Professor Fechner, while a theo
logian, from Geneva, •'Switzerland, M.
Girardin,' taught him French.- At the
same time two "military Instructors
were assigned to him, Lieutenant Gen-
•ral von Delnes as military governor
and Lieutenant von Rauch as aide-de-
MUnpy
Early rising was a point the Em
peror Insisted on with great severity.
The lessons, which began at seven
O'clock In the morning, were preceded
by a light breakfast, consisting of a
eup of coffee — very much milk and
very little coffee — and a buttered roll.
After two hours of instruction a more
substantial breakfast was partaken of
at half -past nine. Then the lessons
would -continue until luncheon, varied
With fencing, military tactics, athletic
•xerclses or horseback riding. After
luncheon and some hours of leisure
school work again; after supper an
hour In the apartments of the mother,
and then bedtime. This was for years
the regular daily routine.
In April, 1396, fourteen years old.
Prince William was sent to Ploen. tha
"renowned military academy in Hol
steln, where, separate from the ordi
nary cadet school, the "Prinzenschule"
Is maintained, an educational institu
tion intended for the princes of royal
blood. Here he continued his studies
under the tutelage of Professor Ester
naux, an eminent teacher of lan
guages, history and geography, and
Dr. Sachse, instructor* in mathematics.
As "military companions'* were at
tached to his household Colonel von
Pritselwitz and First Lieutenant von
EtuelpnageJ.
The Prince's associates at Ploen.
however, were not at all of an exclu
sive character. It was the desire of
tha Emperor that his heir should not
be isolated, but that he should mingle
with the other cadets, and among his
companions could be found young men
of bourgeois birth as well as those of
ancient lineage. The studies wero
pursued with great assiduity, but at
recess time the Prince enjoyed with
boyish eagerness bicycle riding, sailing
on the beautiful Ploen Lake, horse
back exercises and tennis playing.
Tennis has remained hi3 favoritt
sport up to the present time. He un
derstands the handling of a yacht as
thoroughly as any grizzled old salt,
and to-day he is counted one of the
best and most daring horsemen in the
army. An example of hi3 skill and
fearlessness in the saddle he gave not
loag ago, when he rode at the head of
his company of the guards through
the magnificent park at Potsdam, and.
reaching the celebrated Castle of Sans
Soud, built by his ancestor Frederick
-the Great, he trotted up the high stair
cases stretching down from the palace
in terraces to the park and dismounted
in front of the portal.
This remarkable feat was accom
plished without the slightest hitch with
perfect ease. He then, ordered his
grenadiers to follow him and showed
them through the palace, explaining to
them all the numerous treasures of
historic value that fill the edifice.
While In the pursuit of his studies at
Ploen the strictest kind of discipline
was maintained and festivities of any |
description were absolutely tabooed.
During his sojourn at the academy,
which lasted for nearly four years, it
was the standing order of the Emperor
that no social entertainments should ba
permitted to divert the Prince's atten
tion from his work, and even when on
his departure the city authorities of
that little Holstein tdwn desired to en
tertain the Prince at a banquet lha
¦tern veto of the Emperor forbade It;
tha time had not come when the heir
to the throne might appear at publlo
festivities.
The young.man was ever taught that
a Prince must merit the position ha oc
cupies: he had to learn that self-con
trot never ceasing work and painful
conscientiousness are the essential at
tributes of royalty. This rather severe
method of training and preparation
¦•emed to the Emperor the best way to
form the Prince's characer and to fit
him for his important duties. And the
result seems to have Justified tha well
considered judgment of his Imperial
father.
Prince William's military can«r be-
gan at the age of 10. In 1S92 he re- £
celved the appointment as lieutenant
In the First Regiment of Foot Guards.
the "Grenadiers" of olden times. where
his service started in the "Lelbkom
pagnie," that crack company to which
all princes of the royal blood have been
assigned for generations.
The debut was made at the grand
parade In spring, when the Crown
Prince passed in review with his regi
ment before the Emperor. An inter
ested spectator was the little Princess
WUhelmlna, now Queen of the Nether
lands, who at the time was visiting
the Berlin court with her mother, the
Queen Regent. The young fellow had
a. hard time of it, for the First Foot
Guard. is composed of the tallest men
in the kingdom of Prussia, and their
strides are long; but Crown Prince Wil
liam kept up with them bravely and
acquitted himself with much credit, to •
the treat admiration of the distin
guished onlookers.
Ills advancement In the mili
tary service has now brought
him *to th*r rank of captain.
At the same time he holds honorary v
commissions in various German regi- v '
ments, including Bavaria, Saxony / and
Wurttemberg, as well as in Russian
and Austrian regiments. He is, fur
thermore, honorary colonel of an Aus
trian regiment of hussars, a distinc
tion conferred on him last spring
while attending the maneuvers in
Hungary in company with hia father.
Having passed through the mili
tary academy, where he graduated
one of the first of his class, the Crown
Prince served a short time with his*'***,
regiment at Potsdam and then entered
the university at Bonn -in the spring
of 1901. His matriculation was per
formed with great ceremony In tha
"Aula," the great hall of the univer
sity, beautifully adorned with flowers
and palms for this extraordinary oc
casion.
m The Emperor attended in person?
with him a host of statesmen, courtier*
and high army officers, all tha profes
sors in their official robes and delega
tions of students shining In multi
colored sashes and rakish caps. Tha ,
Imposing register was placed upon a
table under a canopy of palms. Her* .,
the Crown Prince inscribed his naxna
and solemnly affirmed hia willingness
to abide by the laws of the univer- .
sity. v i
For the evening a "Commen," aa
the festive gatherings are termed, had
been arranged by the students, and
there the Emperor introduced his son
and heir to the large assemblage in a
pretty speech.
"It is my desire," he said, "that
my son, whom I now place in your
midst, may enjoy as happy a time as
was vouchsafed to me when I was a
student. And. when the foaming gob
let passes around and gleeful song
THE SAN SUNDAY CALLY:
11
RULER TO BE OF THE
GERMAN EMPIREHis attendance at the lecture halls
was regular. Almost every morning,
without exception, he might have been
seen either walking down to the great
gray pile, with his black portfolio un
der his arm, like any ordinary student,
or on his bicycle, or occasionally in in
clement weather in a coach. And the
good people of Bonn would stand in
groups at the portals of the university,
watching for him and pointing him out
A new perspective opened to the
young Prince at Bonn, the beautiful
city on the Rhine, with its interesting
historic environments, its magnificent
scenery and the gay, unfettered student
•life. What a change from the close
confinement within the precincts of the
school at Ploen and the rigid discipline
<:f military training! A commodious
villa was placed at his disposal, situ
ated in ihe Koblentzer etrasse, a fash
ionable thoroughfare not far from the
university buildings. There he lived,
surrounded by a small household, his
own master; yet freedom did not tempt
him to license.
bursts forth, then your minds may
thoroughly enjoy the delightful mo
ments, as will seem befitting for Ger
man youths. But the spring from
which you draw, may It be pure and
clear, as the golden Juice of the grapes,
be it deep and noble as the Father
Rhine."
Affairs of state have not yet troubled
the attention of Crown Prince William.
The only Prince of the royal house
who has been Initiated into the secrets
of statecraft and diplomacy Is Prince
Henry of Prussia, the Emperor'3
brother, whose recent visit to the
United States is still pleasantly re
membered. But the time is not far
distant when , Crown Prince William
must serve his apprenticeship under
the ~ careful guidance oC Count von
Bulow's subtle and clever hand.
Hungary and accompanied his father
to Rome, where ha was presented to
Pope Leo as well as to the King of
Italy.
. Somewhat more than a year ago the
Crown Prince and his younger brother,
Eltel Fritz, made a trip to Egypt. Con
stantinople and Athens. In Egypt both
Princes fell ill with the measles, the
Crown Prince at Luxor and Prince
Eitel Fritz at Alexandria, and great
anxiety prevailed at the Berlin court.
However, the attack proved light in
both cases and the loving apprehension
of the Empress was soon relieved.
Since his return to Potsdam last win
ter the Crown Prince has occupied a
palace by himself, the so-called "Cab
lnetshaus," and the Emperor has pro
vided his eldest born with a complete
court of his own, presided over by
Baron von Trotha as master of cere
monies.
utmost regard for detail that Crown
Prince William, after an acquaintance
of about twenty minutes, had' fallen so
deeply in love with her that he was
ready to forego his prospects as heir to
the throne in order to make Miss Dea
con his lawful wife.
The cold hand of fact has brushed
this romance aside, beautiful though
It would seem as a plot for a
novel. In real life events do not run
that way. Fleeting fancies and the en
chantment of the passing hour break
and scatter when they dash against
the firm rock of duty.
The first public reception at which
the Crown Prince officiated was the
New Year's reception of 1899, when he
acted as his father's representative, the
Emperor being 111. Since then he has
been frequently chosen by the Emperor
to represent him at the unveiling of
monuments, or. the dedication of
churches. When the exposition of Dus
eeldorf opened the Crown Prince pre
sided as patron of the enterprise.
.After leaving Ploen Crown Prince
.William made a number. of short trips
for the purpose of inspecting industrial
establishments in Germany. On such
occasions he : traveled incognito as
Count von Ravensberg and was accom
panied by scientific and sociological ex
perts. Later on the Prince took several
extended journeys. He visited the Eng
lish court,- attended the maneuvers in
iable courtesy, frankness and unosten
tatious bearing ¦ won him' friends and
admirers everywhere.
In the company of ladies the\Prince
has ever been at hia best. Hia lively
interest in feminine . beauty is well
known, arid it has been remarked that
at court balls as .well as private dances
he would manifest the,, most exquisite
taste In the selection of his partners.
CrownJPrince William is a passionate
and most elegant dancer. He acquired
perfection, in this art under the tuition
of the celebrated Mme. Woldefn of Ber
lin.' who last winter, at the instance
of Empress Victoria Augusta, Instruct
ed the ..younger of the court
circle I in- the „ graceful figures of the
gavotte and the minuet. > These dances
were performed wlth-'radmirable,* suc
cess at the two court 'balls in the mag
nificent "Weisse^Saar*— the; white hall
—of the imperial castle, Crown -Prince
William and the " other royal princes
taking part. r : .
The preference which the Crown
Prince is wont to show for the fairest
of the; f al r, sex _ has afforded an oppor
tunity for some very romantic anec
dotes. The most exotic of these stories
center, around an American girl. Miss
Deacon,, whom the Prince met in Eng
land. Her beauty • fascinated .the
Crown Prince, 'so it is said, and his de
votion to this fairy-like republican was
marked. , Busy tongues and In
course of time it was related with the
.The Buardjan of the law bad pr
ably assiduously for the wel
come'opportunity of catching a - stu
dent In a flagrant transgression of the
regulations, for there is little love lost
between the light-hearted "Brother
Studk/t and his hereditary enemy, the
chesty eendarme. ' A deefy voiced
"Halt!" stopped the cavalca'de and the
gendarme, ordered the Prince to dis
mount. Prince William jumped off in
an V instant, giving his companions a
wink, and stood before" the bflftcial,
awaiting further developments. ' /
The man of the law demanded the
"card of identification," which every
student is required to carry with him,
and the, Prince politely complied. Hard
ly had the pompous official glanced at
the : Piece of pasteboard ' when a sud
den change .came i over, hte 1 manner. He
saluted abruptly and stammered an In
coherent apology. Laughing • heartUy,
the Prince remounted; and a crestfallen
gendarme retired from the scene of
action. ' • . '
• ¦..¦¦¦.- - • ¦
Asja student the Crown Prince had
the first taste; of social life.; He -was
a frequent guest of Baron von Rotten
burg, the curator or the university,
w . hose , wlf e. it may be remembered, is
an American, the' daughter of the late
William' Walter/Phelps. The homes of
the rector. \ Baron j j yon Lavalette St.
George, and of the renowned historian.
Professor, von Bezold, were- also ; quite
of ten visited by the Prince, i His am-
Accordingly the return trip was made
in the baggage car, to the abject mor
tification of the dumfounded railroad
official. • . ,
Naturally a great many stories of all
sorts . of adventure have crystallized
around the person of the Crown Prince,
some of them true, others the result of
"No, my good man; get some benches
and chairs and put them In the bag
gage car. It is cool and pleasant
there."
to visiting friends as be passed them
with a friendly nod.
Many a charming trip was under
taken to places in the | vicinity, along
the borders of the Rhine, where the
I-erelel sing* their siren songs, or into
the lovely forests on the mountain side.
On these occasions Prince William, ac
companied by a number of- student
friends, often traveled in very demo
cratic fashion. Once, on the return from
Godesberg, a picturesque town not far
from Bonn, the railroad train was
crowded and all the first-class carriages
were occupied. The depot master was
nearly thrown Into a fit, and his ex
citement and despair were simply be
yond description when he realized the
situation* In his ardor to serve the
Prince he proposed as a measure of
last resort that he would order one of
the first-class "compartments cleared
and stuff the passengers into other cars.
But the Crown Prince said very quietly
to the excited official:
Then followed a tremendous quarter
of an hour, the stern papa Emperor oc
cupying, tha center ot me stage and
visiting a . forceful lecture upon the
wayward son. It is truly, a pity to' de
stroy this interesting picture, but, sad
to relate, up to the present time the
Crown Prince has never visited gay
Paris, and thus the whole story is en
tirely without foundation hi fact.
An amusing little incident— and this
is a story which has the merit of being
true— occurred during . one of the
Prince's numerous bicycle tours In the
vicinity of Bonn. \ The; ride had taken
a wider scope than was originally in
tended and dusk set in before home
was reached. Prince William's bicycle
had not been provided with a lamp, as
prescribed by the regulations, arid, as
luck would have it, the little party ,bf
students encountered a' gendarme a
short distance from the city.
unbridled imagination. One such' ' tals
of adventure treats of .a secret trip to
France, which the Prince Is said to
have undertaken during hls.stay^at
Bonn. Being eagerly desirous of. seeing
gay Paris, he slipped away from' his
studies, so the story goes, and visited
the French capital under an assumed
name. After a few days of unalloyed
enjoyment he returned to the univer
sity. But, his imperial father having
been apprised of the junket. Prince
William was sharply summoned to the
august presence.
Continued From Page Eleven.
* THE N&W RUkER TO BE/qOF f fff E, GREAT -GERMAN: EMPIRE^ted p^e.,™,. »? *
on a measly $25 a month. No man can
bring hi3 bes,t work to the top when
his stomach is empty and he is worry
ing and wondering every blessed min
ute whether he can manage to stay an
other month or go home by slow
freight. It's, all rank foolishness. I
say ur.!e?s a man has at least $75 a
mont.i and knows that he can have it
for a stated time he had better stay at
home and peg a.vay there. At"" least
he won't go backward and be restless
the rest of his natural life. You can't
grind from 3 until 5 or 5 rvery day and
have no recreation at a|l." and without
thinking his eyes turneu toward . a
bevy of beruffled. fluffy damsels that
ornamented the walls and whose chief
object In life seemed to be seeing who
could kick the highest and smile the
sweetest.
"Of course, you had a quiet, studious
life over there." I casually remarked as
I twisted the arms and legs of a small
manikin. "You look it."
"No fair joshin.j. Now say. really
there's an awful lot of hard work going
on over there all the time and there
ifn't half as much foolishness as people
Kive us credit for. The seventeen Cali
fornians were all busy and they are all
doing well and making names ¦ for
themselves. One day for the want of
something better .to do we dressed a
life-sized manikin that stood In ray
studio and nearly every one that came
in bumped up against him and then
turned and apologized so- sweetly that
It griu to be a howling Josh."
Fancy thousands of students turned
loose in our city cuttln up pranks and
didoes and making qf life one great Jolje.
for while painting, architecture and
music may be - uppJ. mast in their
minds, they are -never loo busy to get
a little fun on the side. Andnnyhow.
they argue the «mbre, they see and do
the mute I heir education is broadened
and so everything orid nny'hlng goes
been eating horse flesh all th.e time
they had been priding themselves th-y
d'dn't know what It tasted like.
"You wait one minute, I want you
to tell mo right now whether it is con
sidered all right for a girl to go abroad
to study by herself? I've bean asked
that so many times."
"To be sure it is. She'd have a hard
time of it if it wasn't. There is only
or.e American woman in all France that
makes it her business to care for Amer
ican pirls and she always has a lodge
packed, or crammed full of them. The
only trouble is that she places a two
years' limit on them and they* have to
make room for new ones after that
length of time. But after that they
don't care. They're used* to the way*
and the place and can take care of
themselves, and anyhow when the time
Is up three or four of them band to
gether and they're very Independent
and comfortable.
"I tell you it takes an American to
jret alone. You can tell one as far as
you can see him, and every soul along:
the line is patiently waiting for a
chance to do him, too. If you can't
speak a little French and have no idea
what things cost you are distinctly up
against It. Everything In the shop goes
up 100 per cent and even the cabby will
stand ur» and howl lustily for a few
more pennies after he has already over
charged you shamefully. But after you
have been there a short time he may
call out for more, but he'll take just
what you've a mind to throw at him
and be smilingly satisfied. Oh. you
have to live in Paris and then leave
it before you know Just how to get
along."
"I can't stretch my fancy to such an
extent as to think they wouldn't get
along." I answered.
"Well, some of them do, and there
are any number of bright, talented peo
ple that don't have a chance to make
the most of themselves or their time
and all because they haven't the mon
ey. Fancy making the most of yourself
"*Don*X gu to Paris to study without
ar. assured inenme. It doesn't pay." So
sa.id Ea;le Oummsngs, and as he has
just come home from a three years'
trip he certainly ought to know.
"It is a mistaken idea that one can
live so much cheaper on the Continen:
than at home. One must always wear
clothes, must always eat and must al
ways sleep, and unfortunately those
three luxuries always cost money."
That sounded very much like the
truth to me, so I didn't gainsay it, al
though I vaguely wondered if Mr. Cum
mingrs had visited some of our restau
rants where we get a French dinner,
a Quart <••' claret and the nutcrackers
thrown in for the munilicent sum of 15
cents. That used to look very much
like somethinf: for nothing, but when
compared with Paris prices it com
menced to lo«.k as though wp had been
decidedly and shamefully bunkoed.
"Oh! the chocolate that is consumed
in France. It's absolutely astounding,
but you get so you can scarcely stand
the sierht of it. In the morning, in
stead of getting a square meal, hosts
of the students buy a huge bowl of
chocolate and two rolls, for which they
pay 2 or 4 cents, according to the size
of the bowl, it's good and it's nourish
ing, but after you have had it for days,
and even month?, it begins to grow
decidedly tiresome. Then there are
places where you can get a meal for
a. few cents, but each day exactly the
same dishes are placed before you, un
til you ar,e ready to tear your hair and
wonder why people have to eat any
how. It's a beastly habit abroad."
"Why. don't you know that some of
us have acauired that vice right here
¦without going to Paris to learn It?"
"Yes, but you don't have to eat horses
and mules and heavens only knows
¦what. At least you have the satisfac
tion of knowing what you're paying for.
Oh. say, I'll tell you a rattling good
Josh on three of our California girls.
They lived together and kept house
after a sort of fashion, but they swore
they wouldn't eat meat unless they
knew absolutely what it was. Not they.
Consequently it took the three* to do
their shopping and they were blissfully
satisfied with themselves and the world
In general. But one morning: when one
of the girls was going into raptures
over the sky. her eye lit on a great gilt
horse's head over the door. They ha'd
under this convenient broadening prol
cess.
"I'll tell you where the students do
have a rattling good time though, and
that's at the students' ball. It's a
vyonc'T. Tou see only the models and
students are allowed to go and really
it is a gorgeous, sight.
'•Each year the ball represents some
period or time, and everybody dresses
to carry c/ut the idea. .Last year It was
medieval, and the knights were clad
in armor *na vent clattering about and
creating no end of merriment. But the
great feature of tLe ball was the storm
ing of a castle. Some of the fellows
arranged two castles opposite each
other and besieged them for all they
"I- brought home some medals In
bronze and silver, as every other Call
fornian is doing," he suddenly an
nounced from the depths of a great
-wooden chest that he had dived head
first Into, "but I haven't any place to
put them as yet," and out cams the
queerest looking things to ba within a
man's possession. Great Paisley shawls
that would have delighted ths hearts of
our grandmothers, gaudy peasant at
tire and the thousand and one traps
that can be picked up here and there
for a mere song. Finally In the midst
of the debris he pounced upon the vel
vet cases and came out triumphantly.
"Here they are. Whew! It's as good
as a day's work to find anything in that
mess." MADGU MOORE.
"No. I didn't, and I'm trying to lose
it right now. This small man" — pat
ting a figure of a child playing with a
turtle — "is to be placed in front" of the
conservatory in the park. You see. he
¦wasn't made to wear clothes, and that's
where all the trouble comes In. Some
of thepeople want him draped. I want
him Just as he is. Now, honestly, do
you see anything the matter with it?"
Honestly I didn't. An exquisitely
graceful figure of a child of a few sum
mers bending his little lithe body to
. play with a turtle that is in the water.
Somehow or other the only thought
that entered my head was "I wonder if.
he'll get caught. It would be such a
shame to spoil his fun."
There is something about Mr. Cum
mings' work that marks it his own dis
tinctly. Instead of looking stolid and
heavy, as so many marbles do, every
bit of his work has a dainty air about
It that is charming and a great relief.
One, a portrait of Miss Lees, on* of our
home girls, is the lightest, daintiest
creation imaginable, and it caused not
a little comment when It was exhibited
in the salon.
In three years there wen three salon
"pieces, and since his return home, two
months ago, be has been chosen to dee
orate the interior of the new mining
building that la going up at the Uni
versity of California, so his fun evi
dently kept Jack from being a dull boy.
"No. After I made up my mind to
com» homo I couldn't get here fast
enough. Miss Partington was the first
of the seventeen to leav--. and I fol
lowed, and it was a very long trip over
and I was miahty glad to pet here.
Only"— wiping his hands on his trous
ers—"I've found trouble already."
"Did you look for it?"
were worth. They arranged the moats
and carried out the whale idea. A hun
dred strong: poured like bees into one
of them and in a few minutes the en
tire castle was ablaze with red lights
and smoke, and to make it all the more
realistic they threw dummies out the
windows and created such a noise you
couldn't hear yourself think. But with
it all it was one of the most beautiful
sights I have ever seen. There are
thousands of people there and they
dance and make merry until it is time
to go home for breakfast, and even
then they Josh everybody they chance
V> meet. Everybody goes, and it is
looked forward to with great glee." .
"I suppose you're like all the rest
of them — want to- go right back," I got
in edgewise.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU.
12
CALIFORNIA
STUDENTS
IN PARISIt is delightful to study the trim
mings of the year and their perusal
administers a wonderful lesson in the
utilization of small things, for some of
the handsomest gowns are made up of
things^which are apparently trifl!og.
The gowns are not fussy by any mean3.
but small trimmings are used upon
them In very effective ways.
One of the pretty notes of the year is
frills of the chiffon will fall over tne
hand, and a frilly, delicate, lacy result
will be obtained.,
A great many of the new spring
sleeves will be sheared off at the elbow.
They will be cut off and finished In
bell shape, quite flaring, with the' edges
finished with little floral applications
and with small frills of lace and with
all sorts of pretty trimmings. This
sort of elbow sleeve will be a feature,
not only of the evening gowns, but of
the gown for day and for street at that.
But the elbow sleeve of 1904 wIlF be
quite different from the elbow sleeve of
1902 and 1903, for it will have its full
lace undersleeve. which will lengthen
the sleeve and bring It down to wrist
length. The undersleeves will be made
of lawn, of lace, of chiffon and of all
kinds of silk, aboundantly trimmed and
made very puffy by the way they are
treated.
And speaking of pu'fflness reminds
one that the new sleeves, while very
full at the wrist, will not be droopy
sleeves. On the contrary they will be
puffed sleeves, with the puffing made
as stiff as possible. Instead of sagging
from the. elbow to the wrist and down
over the hands, the new sleeves will be
wonderfully ballooned and kept In
place by the linings.
So. if yjou have a pair of old-fash
ioned sleeves. >vith baggy, saggy wrist
puffs, just take them and Interline them
with stiff taffeta. Or you can use a
very thin soft quality of crinoline, or,
better still, you can Interline them with
lawn. The puffs must stand out In
melon shape, and there must be noth
ing soft or spiritless about them.
The New Trimming3 of 1904.
If you are the fortunate possessor of
a coat with a very wide bell sleeve, or
with a ben sleeve that is moderately
wide, you are probably, at a loss how to
fill in the bell. True, you can sew lace
In the sleeve, but this is not always
satisfactory, ; as such sleeves are hard
to' get off and on.
Well, here is the newest wrinkle, one
that was started by the leader of New
York society and has been taken up by
the leader of .the London" smart set. '
You put on your* prettiest silk shirt
waist., Then over its ample sleeves you
slip a pair of chiffon undersleeves. You
fasten them at the elbow, very much ab
work girls fasten .on their: oversleeves.
And then , you put on your street coat.
The result will be very satisfactory, for
will throw in a little material." Her
idea was that the sleeve governed the
gown and dominated It and made it
from start to finish. And she is very
nearly right.
In one of Gotham's most fashionable
shops they were selling undersleeves
the other day. The prices ranged from
$5 upward and the sleeves were made
of chiffon and of lace and of deep ruch
ing. They were elbow length and were
of the kind which you slip on over the
hand and pin at the elbow. Trie sleeve
then hangs down fluffy at the wrist.
This counter, which was besieged
with women who were willing to spend
$5 on a pair of undersleeves, was piled
high with sleeves of these sorts. One
sort was made entirely of deep ruching,
all lace, laid in side plaits and trimmed
with rows and rows of lace. When on
the arm they fall and make a very deep
frill » round the hands. Another sleeve
was finished with a neat little cuff of
lace at the wrist while the upper part
bagged down\over the hand. And the
third had a cuff with frills falling over
It. All were in creamy white and. tru
ly, any woman supplied with a set of
each would have a perfect treasure in
her wardrobe for all the winter. n
How to Wear the New Sleeve. •
, The sleeve auestion is one that does
not go down, for it crops' up again and
again, and always with some, new in
terest. Just now the point of ,' view Is
at the wristi.with a lesser Interest cen
tering In the shoulder. ,
/''Give' me six pairs of fashionable
sleeves," said a modiste, ', "and I will
give you six fa'shlonable bodices if you
terials, rnd .". is so velvety in Jts ..p
pearance that many women are buying
It to use as trimmings upon evening
gowns, instead of the panne velvet,
which costs a great deal more.
It is certainly a year for glossy
stuffs, and the manufacturers are
turning out materials which outrival
anything eve» seen before in point of
luster. And the luster 13 of a kind that
does not wear off. It endures, and
seemingly becomes glossier and glossier
as the garment wears out. To the very
last shred U is as brilliant as glass.
Louisine is found thte year in the
new colors, ar.G It. too, has taken- to
itself a new and wonderful surface, and
the new Louisines are. as one delight
ed modiste declares, a combination of
peaii de sple and satin, a texture of the
former with the gloss of the latter.
And there is another new material,
which is only a new form of an old
material, and this is the dyed lace of
the present year. Dyed laces will play
a very important part In the fashion
able wardrobe, and it will well repay
any woman to investigate them and to
procure as many kinds as she can af
ford. " Y
At a Fifth avenue luncheon the other
day one of the . guests wore a dyed
brown lace shirt whist, just about the
color of breakfast coffee. It was a soft,
deep, rich tone, which harmonized well
with her light brown hair. The na
ture of the lace. was a heavy Imported
lace of the sort once used for. lace cur
tains and. now called "furniture lace."
It; was dyed all over, and the shirt
waist, which was high in the neck and
long in the sleeves, was lined with taf
feta.
There are not so very many taffeta
linings these days, for the material does
not wear so very well, unless one gets
a very cood grade or is very fortunate
in one's selection. But a good taffeta
has great wearing qualities, and, now,
-it is claimed that louisine for a lining
-is the best of all things next to a very
glossy lightweight satin. "
• Many persons are lining shirt waists
and other thin material » with a very
i nice quality of cambric, or lawn, or
cotton stuff, and very smart some of
• these gowns are with their crisp, crink
ly cotton linings, in good shades.
The Question of the Sleeve.
The wonderful sheen
and the brilliant colors of
the dresses that will be
worn for evening from
now until the Easter days
—Sleeve revivals and re
markable revivals of trim
mings and small articles
—The belts that go round
and round the waist, do
ing away with the long
front -point.
tor use, for many of the nicest
French importations are made of sub
stantial material. But It can be pretty,
and it must be trimmed with some of
the many little intricacies which make
up so many gowns nowadays.
In these days, when all kinds of trim
mings can be bought, there Is no rea
son why a woman should not have a
very modish dress, and If she be indus
trious* she can have a French gown at
Americaa prices. In the embroidery
stores there come fat little seeds in all
colors, which, when scattered over the
surface of a gown, look Ilka French
knots, and there come the dearest little
lattices in ribbon and In braid, ' which
are ideal for the trimming of yokes
and the covering of stocks.
But it is of the possibilities of the
cloth gown that the faithful fashion
writer must sing, for cloth now comes
so thin as to look like veiling, though
It wears twice as well, and it also
comes >n as many colors as silk and it
can be made up as delicately as any
of the very fine fabrics. It is as glossy
as satin and you do not know it from
the latter material except as you pinch
it in the fingers.
liaising the Line of the Waist.
There is the slightest tendency to
raise the waist line u trifle, and it is
noticeable more upon the gowns of
evening than upon those that are in
tended for the day. Waists that were
formerly drawn down In a very long
and very low point are now finished so
as to look almost round, and blouses
that depended for their style upon the
front curve are now cut off and worn
with a wide, high belt.
The new evening belts are a littla
And there is really no reason why
«very woman with social hopes should
not have one handsome evening dress.
It need not , e a decollete, for a great
many of the handsomest gowns are not
cut decollete, and it need not be too
Mysterious many of these seem, with
their marvelous applications, raised
and flat, and with their very curious
embroideries, and their wealth of silk
tassels and their hanging balla and
fringes and queerly arranged Jewel
trimmings. But there Is no woman
who does not admire them, and there
are very few women who do not long
to possess Just such a gown.
; tf every woman, be she old or young,
admires nice gowns, it is nor.e the less
true that every woman has a particular
fancy for the handsome creations that
are to be worn in the ex'enlng.
Such Pretty Evening Waists.
THERE lives do woman in all the
wcrld, be she ever bo quiet or ever
so old, who does not secretly ad
trJre beautiful gowfis, even though
she does not do so outright. She may
declare that her mind Is above fashions
and her body beyond them. But down
:n her heart of hearts she loves to purr
over soft velvets, and in her soul of
souls she admires the sheen of the sat
ins and the glare of the Eilks. It Is in
born In a gentlewoman, and only a Fiji
Islander is free from it.
And the woman who admires the
fashions this winter may be excused
for her preferences. The new cloths are
so lustrous that they look precisely like
satin. And, indeed, there is a new
broadcloth which not only looks like
satin when new, but which keeps Its
gloss when it is old and which is so
lustrous that not even a sponging will
take off its sheen.
And how satisfactory it is to be able
to buy a brilliantly beautiful cloth
gown and to have it keep Its brilliancy,
to have it preserve its color, its texture
and even its very surface, no matter
what happens to it.
A "Washington woman who goes a
great deal to the diplomatic receptions
ordered a gown of cloth the color of
• cream of milk. It was to be made In
1904 fashion, which is a two-piece suit.
The upper part was to be in shirtwaist
shape, while the lower part was to be
a sweep EkJrt for evening wear. The
whole was to be trimmed with flower
embroidery, and in this respect the
woman gave her modiste carte blanche.
The gown came home simply gor
geous. Upon the exquisitely glossy
Moth skirt there were embroidered
lovely little white flowers, all carried
out In a very narrow lacy braid. Over
this skirt hung -one of tissue, and upon
this there were long sprays of small
procn leaves. The waist matched the
skirt. Its sleeves were short and there
were chiffon puffs below.
This woman, who has few gowns,
¦will, after she has worn the dress half
a dozen times, remove the tissue outer
part, and then she will have a gown
of pure cream cloth trimmed with small
lacy white flowers.
Woman cannot complain of monotony
in materials, for these are as numerous
as the styles. In the first stuffs of the
new 'year "there Is noticed a hew, kind
of panne silk, which Is -'so*; exceedingly
lustrous that it looks like panne velvet.
This silk has a sheen such as * was
never seen before upon the; panne ma-
to blame for the shortening of tne
waist, for they are so very wide and so
very effective. They, are made of
leather, of panne, of silk and of ribbon,
and they are wide and are fastened in
the back with a buckle. That Is one
style. But there are others.
,/Mlss Alice Roosevelt wore a wide
white leather belt the other evening,
with a white taffeta dress. The belt
was made of suede, very thin and very
crushable. It was laid around the waist
In many folds and the front was fast
ened with three white leather thongs
and a white leather covered buckle.
An evening waist of light brown laca
was caught at the belt by a crush
girdle of panne silk, which was pulled
down low in the front and drawn out
broad, so that it made a very wide or
nament for the waist. This was fast
ened invisibly with hooks and eyes,
without a buckle.
Those who are slender enough can
take this wide crush belt and clasp it
round and round the waist with a
great buckle, which comes in front.
Tall and slender girls affect this style,
and are the envy of their stout sisters,
and so do women who are short but not
too stout. The Btout woman must be
careful to keep her waist line low, but
the slender woman can revel in the new
high waist line, which is a revival of
•the waist of ten years ago.
And what a year it is for revivals!
No sooner does one get accustomed to
the long pointed waist, with its high
back and its dipping front; than along
comes the wide round-and-round belt,
which is precisely, the one mother wore
in 18S0 and 1890.
The Lovely New Materials.
There is something to be said, too.
for the ribbon rose which Is used to
fasten many a belt. It is a little round,
fat rose and is seen not only at its sta
tion, at the front of the belt, but it
is used to fasten the front of many a
low necked bodice. Made of glossy vel
vet ct of shining satin and finished
with a little jewel In the middle. It is
a very nice ornament for any gown.
A few of the ribbon roses are sewed
with pearls as though they were rain
drops. Others have a small '->weled
button in the middle to simulate the
heart of the flower. Made In this way
or made In that, the rose is pretty.
And these are but a few of the things
that are offered for woman's beautlflca
tion. And as spring comes on more
and more beauties will be disclosed.
About the buckles too much can
never be said. They are such marvel
ous things as to be really works of art,
and their workmanship, as well as
their materials, place them on a level
with any Jewel in one's Jewel box.
The subject of belts has not been
completely exhaust 1 by the statement
that belts are growing wider, for some
of the new gowns seem* to show that
they are growing a great deal nar
rower. A very handsome evening gown
was trimmed with very narrow claret
red velvet. It was worn with a. belt
which ¦v as made of claret-red panne,
cut very narrow and crossed in the
middle of the front under a garnet
buckle. It very frequently happens that
some of the handsomest evening gowns
are worn with very narrow belts, and
these are brought around the waist and
crossed very low In the middle of the
front In such a way as to leave two
arrow points, while over the points
there is pinned a jeweled buckle.
Final Word on Small Things.
sounded in the bringing out of very
narrow but very nice laces threaded
with ribbon. Ribbon, very narrow, la
run through the edge of the lace, just
as one threads one's underwear with,
ribbon, and lace Is used for the trim
ming of an evening gown, or a day
dress.
And It seems to make very little dif
ference how this threaded lace Is used,
for upon one evening bodice there was
a little lace around the low neck, ard
through this lace there was threaded
a very narrow black velvet ribbon.
Upon another a little lace, drawn full
of ribbons, was used for a yoke.
A very effective street dress had a
hip yoke of ecru lace which came down
to a long, low point upon the front of
the skirt. And all around the edge of
the lace there was run a narrow black
velvet ribbon, making a very neat and
very sharp contrast.
Very narrow pieces of Insertion, some
of them no more than half an inch
or a quarter of an Inch wide, axe
threaded with black velvet or with
royal blue velvet, or with berry-colored
ribbon, and used to head flounces and
to band the puffings with which so
many skirts are trimmed.
There are many new trimmings,
made of plcot edge braid and of all
sorts of fancy braids, and these, if don
delicately, have all the lacy appear
ance of fine lace. Irish lace, American
lace and many of the imported laces
can really be simulated by these laces,
which are made of the narrow braids.
And here it is that the woman w:th
deft fingers comes out very strong, for
she can do so very much with her
needle and thread, or with her crochet
hook and her fine linen.
13
THE SAN. FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAUi
THE PRETTY
WOMAN
AND HER
EVENING
GOWNa souvenir and defy Baradas sans
culotte, would it?"
Jimmy said- that under the circum
stances my stage business was quite
right. •
I notice that one of Lawrence Bar
rett's daughters is on the stage. I won
der if it Is the .one whose childish ex
periences as a dramatist and actress
her father once related, to a little com
pany of us who in the '70's assembled
at a dinner at Marchand's, in San Fran
cisco. The little one was - allowed to
celebrate her tenth birthday after her
own fashion, and she organized her
companions into a ; company to ; present
a composition of her own.
There were to be no grown people In
the cast or in the production or at the
rehearsals, brj to be allowed to read or
criticize : the ' "play, i In the •'¦ writing of
which; Miss Barrett had a' free hand.' ' -' • ¦
'.The 'rear -parlor .'• was I turned i into*T a
stage with real scenery. The front par
lor was seated arid "lighted Vand pro
vided with an orchestra and on the
thee, my Beauteous Clarissa Ara
minta." "Go, darling Augustus Aure
lius, my husband," replied the : blush
ing bride. "It .is hard to part with
thee, but go where duty. calls thee. In
thy absence . I will upbuild and beau
tify our home, and on thy return I will
welcome thee. Go!" And the curtain
fell amid prolonged applause.
.There was a supposed interval of
three years between the first and sec
ond , acts.' ¦ The ' curtain arose upon' a
scene on the Tuba River. * Miners and
Indians and Chinamen were mixed up
together. There was a quarrel and a
duel with knives, during which the
husband • befriended a miner .who was
stabbed, but wboUlved long enough to
bestow. upon. our hero his accumulation
of golden nuggets. .V
The .third /and last act represented
the husband'sYreturn. The .wife ', is dis
covered' reading a , letter from the ab
sent t.'At lits"- conclusion she fex
claims: "He ] should ; be" here ere "now.
He is coming. I hear his footstep on
the p^rch. My own Adulphus Aurellus
the result. Behold our family!"
And from the rear entrance enter
Lucy, arrayed In a nurse's cap, carry-
Ing an infant in her arms and with two
little tots clinging to her gown. Tab
leau—the returned husband— left cen
ter—raises his arms in frantic Joy, the
wife— right center— stands with one arm
akimbo and with the other "points with
pride" at her family, the orchestra
plays "Johnny Comes Marching Home 1 '
and tha audience Is in convulsions of
laughter. -.,'¦..
Among the leading actors In Califor
nia at an early day was J. H. War
wick. He left the! stage for politics,
and in 1863 was a member of the Cali
fornia Legislature. ' He played Claude
Melnotte and •' kindred characters ex
ceedingly well. He understood the art
of claquering, and on the closing night
of his engagement always arranged to
be called before the curtain, where he
delivered a short speech, eulogized the
town and its people and declared that
".Warwick turned "and faced his tor
mentor. "Thank you, my friend," said
he. "You are right I did forget to
mention that when I am about to die
I shall come to this town to leave
my bones. I shall do this because I
feel that I could pass from tho world
here with less regret than In any other
place on earth."
he intended at the close of his profes
sional career to become a resident and
leave hla tfones there.
He played a short engagement at
Marysville at a most unfortunate time.
It poured every night and the audi
ence was not there and those who did
come were dull, damp and dispirited
and there was a hole. In the Warwick
exchequer into which a brick block
might have tumbled. But in response
to a few poor voices which cried
"Warwick" when the curtain fell tho
actor appeared In front, bowed and
was about to retire when an* unthink
ing man on one of the front benches
cried, "Oh, Warwick, you forgot about
your bones." ""*' ¦
THIS hurrying age presents con
stantly the spectacle of multi
tudes of overbusy, overworked
men and women. Most Amer
icans, because of an influence in their
blood or In the atmosphere, or in both,
want to do something, and usually
something worth while. Moreover of
late, distinguished leaders in various
departments of thought and action,
from our strenuous President down,
have exhorted us to redeem the time.
Huch counsel from such sources has
borne, is beaming fruit.
But the American tendency also is
toward extremes, and so it comes about
that the world to-day is full of people
¦who have undertaken a little more
than they can effectively accomplish.
They are so busy all the time that when
they are politely asked to pay this so
cial call, to assume that responsibility
in the church, to show up at the cau
cus, to lend a hand in pushing some
worthy but struggling enterprise, their
excuse uniformly is "too busy." And
there's often a suggestion of Irritation
In the laconic" reply.
for the letter and the sender of It.
No man has a right to be so busy
as to fail to cherish a helpful interest
in somebody else. Most Americans
look well to their families and surely
their first obligation is to them. But
one's affections and sympathies ought
.not to ' stop there. There are often
homes less well provided than yours
¦with the comforts of existence. Get
an interest in some black lad in a
school in the South, or in some street
gamin who occasionally frequents a
boys' club or a social settlement. If
every busy man, if every business man
should become warmly, persistently
interested in some one needy person,
how much faster this old world would
go on.
Once more: No man ought to be so
busy as to neglect* the culture of his
soul. This phrase may sound like cant
but however \ thoughtlessly it may ba
used in the pulpit or out of itMt stands
for a great reality. § For . a human . be
ing . made in the image of; God to for
get the divine spark in him which dif
ferentiates him from the brute is in
the long run folly and madness.
THE PARSON.
Now there are certain righteous lim
itations to the various buslnessefe which
a man may undertake. • In the first
place, he has no right to be so busy as
to ignore or trifle with the little cour
tesies of life. When a man is so ab
sorbed In his own scheme that he can
not utter a cheery good-morning to the
family and to every member of it,
when he is 6O wrapped up in his buy
ing and selling or in his professional
problem that he never stops to say
"thank you," when even a social infe
rior renders him a personal service —
why, that man is altogether too busy.
He ought at ouce to begin to rearrange
his programme with a view to making
room for the small but indispensable
civilities to human intercourse.
I know an eminent minister who,
while he never disregards the decencies
of polite society, seems always in. too
great hurry even to pass the time of
day . with ] you.- And what" is It ' that
leads people to. sign their letters "Yours
hastily." What a revelation that is; of
a , hurried, ¦ perturbed \ existence. It
'would take no more time to ¦ sign it
"Yours truly," and the recipient would
as a rule, entertain more respect both
HOW BUSY OUGHT ONE TO BE.
J have seen and heard them all. for
I Wfcean theater going at 9 years of
age. That seems a long, long time ago.
They were discussing one day a com
ing production of "Julius Caesar." and
I ventured to outline a new line of busi
ness for Mark Antony when delivering
his oration. Instead of proceeding with
ills speech In the usual order I sug
gested that there was in Rome In those
days a condition of things not entirely
dissimilar to that existing in California
mining camps during election times.
Caesar had been killed. Brutus with
his high character and mighty, elo
quence has justified the homicide and
pacified the people. Feellnsr perfectly
safe arid disdaining opposition Brutus
consented that Mark Antony might
speak in defense of Caesar, and did
not consider Mark of sufficient conse
o.uence even to stop and hear him.
Mark Antony mounts . the forum. He
is recognized as a friend of Catsarand
an opponent of the noble Brutus and
with murmurs of dissent this populace
commenced to move away. "Friends,"
says- Antony, and they heed him not.
"Romans," he cries, and they continue
to depart. "Countrymen, lend me your
ears," he pleads, and the people ~* still
leave. ' Then he launches his final ad
jurations. He either has to 11<» or else
lose his audience and he shouts, "I
come to bury Caesar not to praise" him."
Thus assured those who were moving
"If it is done when it were lone 'twere
well. 'Twere done quickly if but this
blow could be the be-all and the end
all."
Barrett insisted that it should read
Many were the discussions tin- re con
cerning old and new readings of
Shakesnearo. Barrett and Adams once
contended for an. hour- over one sen
tence in Macbeth. Adams declared that
Ihe traditionary stage reading should
bo preserved.
"If it is done when it were done,
'twere we'l it were done quickly. If
but this Wow could be the be-all and
the end-all." etc.
*j"T VERY act-^r of ability can do or
Lj «y one thing better than it has
|f\ been said or dune by any of his
enntf niporaries. No tragedian,
living or d<'ad, ever equaled Frederick
Warde in offering as Richard the
Third his kingdom for any old horse.
Demoniac glee was never better ex
pressed than by the mocking laughter
of Louis James in "Francesca da Rim
ini," when, in a paroxysm of delight, he
throws himself upon a couch, exclaim
ing. "What a wife, what a brother!"
Laurence Barrett's delineation of the
cynical cross-grained patriotic Cassius
was never excelled. John McCullough
•v as a manufactured rather than a nat
ural actor and he played draw poker
better than anything else, yet Bouci
cault said of him that he was the only
man of his day who knew how to wear
a toga, and his delineation of Virglnlus
vas a work of art. There never was
such 'a Don Caesar de Bazan as the
elder Wai lack. Maeready as Shylock;
the elder Booth as Sir Giles Overreach;
Edwin Booth as Hamlet; Salvinl as
Othello; Lewis Morrison as Iago; Henry
Irving as Mathias; Edwin Adams as
Macbeth; Tom Keene as Fagin; Frank
Mayo as Crookett: Madame Ponisi as
Desdemona; Rachel as Phaedre; Ellen
Terry as Adrienne; Mary Anderson as
Juliet; Julia Dean Hayne as Pauline;
Clara Morris, in Article 47"; Modjeska
es Camille; Rose Eytinge as Nancy
t^ykes; "Fanny Davenport as La Tosca;
Frances Anne Kemble as Lady Mac
beth; Mrs. Leslie Carter in "The Heart
of Maryland": Ada Rehan as Portia,
and many others, in some part, or part
of a part, excelled, and last but not
least, greatest among the great, was
Forrest as Lear, with his melodious
End magnetic orotone.
With many of the later generation
of actors who resided in or vi?ited Cali
fornia I was well acquainted, for I
¦was a welcome though not a frequent
visitor at the cxe?n room of the Cali
fornia Theater. "Genial John" McCul
lough; Lawrence Barrett, who was the
kindliest of men and the cleverest of*
raconteurs; gentle and Rifted ISdwin
Adams, who v/as seized by consump
tion and greeted death with a jest;
Charles B. Bishop, melancholy in the
green room and fun incarnated on the
stage; Barton Hill, cleverest of dra
matic critics: Charles R. Thome Jr..
the chevalier of melodrama; Harry Ed
wards, the courtly; Walter Leman. who
was "first old man" all his life; Frank
Mayo, whose temperament was as ar
tistic as his face: Julia Deane Hayne,
"divinely tall and most divinely fair";
Jean Clara Walters, conscientious and
for l.nie has swung his .hour gU:53
around try frosted head five and sixty
times, yet let him not presume to point
his scythe at me and let no'oody dare to
call me a:i o!d ( man to my face, for
no ancestor of mine ever considered it
respectable to start on hie journey up
the golden stairway until ho was over
SO years of a?e, and the eternal Eso
of me is as young as it was on that
glorious r.isht of the 'long ago when
the green baize curtain of the old
Broadway Theater astended and dis
closed a ec-ene of enchantment.
The play was "Othello.*' with Forrest
as the Moor, and I'onway as la go, and
Charles Pc/ne fts Cassic. and Grosvenor
as Roderigo. rnd David^e as Braban
tio. and Madame Ponisi as Desdemona.
a century and more has passed
since then, ar.d death and distance and
the tidrs of creat events have rolled
between, yet photographed in endur
ing colors upon my brain there live
the scenes and dialogues and the very
intonations of the players on that "first
night."
careful; Mrs. Judah, as kindly a nurse
off the stage as she was to Juliet be
hind the footlights, ami rollicking Alice
Harrison, with a heart as large almost
as her head, assembled daily after re
hearsal in the green room.
away paused and those who had gone
returned and then as the text shows,
Antony" gradually and- adroitly 'turned
the tide against the"3ssassins.
My. suggestion was adopted and the
Innovation was a success, though Its.
adoption was not helped by a satirical
remark of 'Bishop that he knew of an
audience at Utlca, X. Y.,' which was in
the same way switched over to female
suffrage ." by a speech from Mark 'An- 1
tony's sister— Susan B. Anthony. .
The boys' tried to, induce. me to play.
Mark Antony_for Edwin" Adams' bene
fit. Adams :\vas about ;to depart for
Australia, "and, under medical"' advice,
was to go in a sailing vessel. McCul
lough, urged me to take the part. of the
Roman, and said to .Bishop, "If he will
do so it -will bring, to Ned Adams a
larger audience. Don't you think so,
Charley?" and Charley'3 answer was, "I 1
think it will cause to be thrown upon
the stage a' supply of vegetables large
enough to stock the ship for the voyage.
Why he might play Mark Antony bet
ter than Forrest could "have;d6ne, and
don't you know that his political foes
would delight at the chance to get even
for some of his speeches, • aud every"
Democrat in 7ths gallery would come
with pockets bulging with potatoes and
parsnips to throw at him?"
I declined to encounter this' possibiV
ity, but some years afterward, fired bj
an Arizona success as member of a
local dramatic society, exaggerated re
ports cf. which had reached 3.in Fran
; Cisco, I was induced by Tom Maguire to
play "Richelieu" at Baldwin's Theater.
The house -ivas packed with the elite of
San Francisco, and I.was called before
the curtain at flic close of every act.
But it did net fool me. I attributed the
large audience to curiosity ind the ap
plause fo generosity, and I declined to
repeat the performance.
James O'Neil said tome after the
curtain fell, "Do you know that in your
action it the close of the fourth act
ycu violated all the stage traditions?
When Richelieu says to Baradas, 'Be
hind thee stalks the headsman,' he al
ways crosses to right center and shakes
his linger in the! face of Baradas. But
you never moved; ; you stood like a
stoughton bottle on. a mantelpiece. Did
you think that it was undignified for a
Cardinal to wall; down the stage, and
that it would be more effective to do
your cursing at long range?" V
"Jimmy," said I, "I know all _about
the stage business. The; trouble was
with my pantaloons. I removed my vest
and coat in the dressing-room and put
on the Cardinal's, robe, which covered
me from neck to feet. I wore no sus
penders, and when I delivered the curse
of Rome the strap of my pantaloons
burst and they fell about my ankles.
I had to stand just there where they,
fell. If 1 had attempted to go down
front I had either to step out of my
pantaloons or drag them trailing after
me. Now it would not have looked well
for a Lord Cardinal to leave his
breeches in the middle of the stage as'
night of the performance a hundred
ladles and- gentlemen assembled to wit
ness the^first and last and only rendi
tion of "The Husband's Return." The
first act opened with a wedding festival
In New England and the dialogue was
delightful, for the intonations and
grammar of the Yankee were pre
served. -At the close of the act, after
an old-fashioned- country dance, the
bridegroom, a precocious boy of 10,
bade farewell .to his bride. "I go,"
said he, "as was agreed between us at
our betrothal, even from this hymeneal
altar to the distant land of gold. There
amid the pine-clad mountains of. Cali
fornia will I seek and win fortune for
Is here." .And thereupon enters Adol
phus Aurelius clad in red miner's shirt
with boots reaching above his kneea.
He drops upon the stage a huge sack
and after a most dramatic embrace
and meeting the lady exclaims: "Whsft
hast thou here?" He opens tho sack
and tumbles upon the stage three enor
mous nuggets or rather boulders of
gold, which, if they had not been mad*
of gilded cork, would have weighed
about 600 pounds. "For three long,
¦weary years I have been away from
thee, toiling for wealth. I have never
for an instant been idle and this is
the result. Behold, our fortune."
"JTis welcome, indeed," replied th«
wife, "but not more w*elcome to ma
than my gifts will be to thee. During
the long years thou hast been tolling
for gold I have been laboring to up
build our horns. I, too, have. never fur
an Instant, been idl«. Thou jihalt see
THE SAN} FRANCISCO* SUNDAY CALL!.
14
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLETIONS
OF THOMAS FITCHTHE SAN 'FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
15
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
K—S ~^r~fl who puts a new coat °* kalsomine
on his past often thinks he has really
! '^^/^ ii Discretion is the aftermath of fool
[' '•iA- : |Lv f /w v > : n ishness that has cost too dear.
li^pn^yi . *. * .*
A man forsakes the evil of his ways,
not because he has grown good, but because he has
grown tired and dyspeptic.
¦¦-¦'* * ¦ ? ¦
People who think themselves "so good" arc often
only hysterical.
"•*'.-¦ '¦'• * -*-'*
Many people have the same effect upon you .when
near you as if an alarm clock had run off an hour ahead
01 time.
* * *
You have to hit some people in the head with an ax
before you can make them understand that you are in
earnest.
* • ¦¦ *
A good hand-me-down is sometimes better than a
new misfit.
The world likes to crawl at the feet of the man who
When a man marries he wants something clinging to
cling to.
Putting one's, shoulder to the wheel pay bruise and
hurt, but it works its own gold cure. • ,' ¦'-'-.
When you get chesty and aim high, practice well so
ihat vou will be sure to hit the bullseyc. . ,
* * _ •' v
Men admire the college woman, but fall all over
themselves to do homage to the silly little fool.
Money that comes quickly goes more so.
It is better to be lonesome than sorry. .
¦ * . * •? i'i .
A papa with hard horse sense is not always able to
nonsuit a daughter out of her nonsense.. ''Sffi-
Love is like target, practice. You may be a pretty
cood shot and yet never hit the bullseye.
• * ¦ * ?•v-V
The createst bore 'on earth is ; the fellow who always
"told vou so." . .
£te •¦ * * ,'• . , .
A fool's cynicism often discounts a wise man s plati
tudes. '¦ ' . ~
: *¦ * ' ¦ * -j
Circumstance trumps nearly every game in "life.
* ? * .
The woman who thinks she can be naughty and
sporty without danger wakes up with a loud buzzing in
her ears. C £ *>
A woman may do many things" which she considers
"cute," brt in another woman she would pronounce bold
with a biz "B" • - .^ .- ¦.¦ ,.^
Idleness breeds crimes i> the rich as does poverty in
the poor. '„ *'T ''••¦: l " . v y "\--i. .
THE MERCHANT
WHO BEEFED
INCESSANTLY
(Copyright, 190.?, by Steve Floyd, N. Y.)
ik j . fp-i yrF. upon a time there lived in the town
|]?>^s^>c;J of Nellisville a main named Remus Bres-
5in ' Hc ran a druR store . and carried' a
i *MP©"*rB Iul1 Jinc of school books, fishing
i '/je^^?#Ai tackle, garden seed and toys— when
P- ' yVffi!28% * they were in season,
1J£'»4'' ¦¦ - — rji *¦! Remus was a natural born beefer. He
kicked incessantly. "V
If.hc was shy a suitable excuse for setting up a howl
he would vamp one. If trade was a shade slack he would
growl shamefully. If business was brisk he would go
over the- books, after the rush was over, until he could
iind that; on that same day way back in the year so and
so, he took in about six bits more, then he would make
for home and tell his wife if she did not ease up on the
household expenses he would not be able to keep his
head above water. . %
If there was no sickness in-town Remus would raise
Hail Columbia because there were no more old-fashioned
diseases. If- an epidemic struck ' Nellisville he would
stack up a full-sized groan to the effect that there was no
profit in the pesky, new-fashioned prescriptions written
by young Doc Tetter. , . .,•,.'-¦.' - -• j-
If the weather was bad Remus. would fret himself into
a fever because the farmers coujd not get,. away 'from
home to invest in pills, porous plasters and. the -like. If
the weather .-was .at par he would grumble, because the
agriculturists stayed at home to tend their crops.
Every morning as soon as Remus reached his store
he would grab the city paper and scrutinize the market
reports just as if they were the making of the breaking
of him. If cotton was up 10 points he would count the
cash in the drawer., look suspiciously at his clerk and
wonder why more had not come across the counter. If
middlings were down 2 points he would, tip' the clerk off
to go light on the soft coal, no matter. what the thermom
eter had to say about the weather.
When the consolation round of the calendar was
reached and the Young Americans began" to mail their
annual instructions to Santa Claus, Remus got out the
catalogue and made up his order for holiday goods,
which consisted of dolls with moving eyes, flowing curls
and sawdust inwards, steam cars with clock machinery,
"Remember Me" and "Forget-Me-Not" cups and sau
cers, fish and ducks with magnets in glass top boxes,
Christmas cards with snow-covered barns and windmills
on them, plush bound photograph albums, Roman can
dles, Noah arks, firecrackers and the like. The whole
caboodle footed up to fifty simoleons.
Remus touched his little iron safe for the full amount
and inclosed it with his order. Then he looked in the
back of the almanac to see what the state of the weather
would be on the 24th inst. The dope said "Fair; fresh,
southwest to west winds, turning to snow and followed
by. clearing and colder." Remus was skeptical. For all
that he knew the prognosticator was not at his best
when he made his calculations.
Anyhow, he was fifty to the bad, for the mail had
none to the station and he was in an awful frame of mind.
When a married-woman lectures about home and
husbands' hubby should be invited to tell his version of
the story. > ..• . •!*'>''
<:''¦''¦'. ¦'¦¦'¦¦ * '-'¦ * ,-'-*'¦''¦
. We offer no rewards for "lost time," yet it is one of
our most precious possessions. v - •;¦?.'' ¦"'•
¦-' ¦'-'¦¦'¦ ' *>¦;*¦¦.* i;%.f'S
The flying machine'may be all right, but an old don
key is safer on a lonesome road.
, The most pathetic sights on earth are an old horse
turned out to die and an old man whom> nobody wants.
*¦ ¦ ? *
• If other people valued us 'as we value ourselves we
would be afflicted with a chestincss that would put our
buttons out of business. -
• "¦',-.'•'.-* <: * ; : -' * . ¦-•
Etfery girl who works is not such a beauty' as to en
slave her employer. ;V'v?
Were it not for envy the residential town' sites would
not cpmmand so large a figure. . -*- --".V \rv ;v
<s i_j\v » :• *
There must^be an awful lot of solid comfort in being
able to buy a lot of newspapers wherein to "boom"
: When a man buys- newspapers for the of
advertising his own philanthropies there may.be more
self-complacency than charity in the deal. • /
.The pessimist' is the fellow whose morality • has cqjd
feet* .
- : -' * * .•'"¦*' * : • • '
The man with a pull and the man without a' pull soon
learn that although all men were born equal luck 'dOa't
always strike the same way. . ..^"rK- ,
The optimist is the fellow who thinks he can always
loop life's loop. ';-;
* * ¦.•¦*',--'! ••' • •
. When a. girl is determnied to marry the' fellow -that
you don't like let her jr;o ahead. She will -be sorry long
after yqu ceased to care a rap whether she' is married or
not. • * ¦* •¦? ••-,
You have'heard of -a man being-talked to death, but
no one ever heard of .a. woman being killed that way..
Wonder which one did, the talking? Statistics show that
there are'more widows than widowers.
- -¦ ¦ * • " ~ * $* • * ?
Were it not for hysterical women matinee idols and
fiction writers would bo' to, their graves unknown pau
pers. >,•/•
• * * *
People whom nobody ever understands never under
stand themselves. .' :?
? ' '* *
Cheap talk never needs a bargain counter rush.
¦ : ?" , * - *
How many of the gentlemen who swore off on New
Year's are sleeping off a real old-fashioned jag? Gen
tlemen, don't all speak at once.
How many wives who made good resolutions to be
real good got there? Hubbies will please not all speak
at once.
How manv people who were going to be so awful
good have slid back in the same old rut? But that is
unkind. Of course they don't want to give themselves
away.
NEW FABLE
FOR THE
FOOLISH
If breakage was light and the weather half way decent
there was a fighting chance for him to .break even. But
if the cards ran the other way he would be ruined for life.
In due time— on the morning of the 23d, to be exact —
the goods arrived. The news spread over Nellisvillc like
wildfire. Excitement was intense. All the kids at school
began to have toothache, hendache or some other excuse
for getting out at once, and the grown-ups took on a
solemn countenance and dropped in to get a glance at
the passel of tomfoolery.
Remus and his clerk peeled the straw off the play
things, got covered with dust, sneezed as if they hail the
hay fever, priced each item and put it on top of the show
case. Then the store was swept out. the music box
wound up and Remus went to the back door to sec the
sun set and get a line on the weather of the morrow. He
was visibly agitated.
Several persons had picked out what they wanted and
had it set aside. But there was a chance that they would
change their mind over night, just as Josh Pendleton had
done Christmas before last after selecting a salad dish
and two napkin rings.
Before the store closed for the day Remus threw a
bucket of water into the stove to make sure against loss
by fire, then he went home and removed the spots from
his black suit with ammonia, so that he would be spick
and span enough to wait on the ladies the next day.
When the clock struck 9 Remus put the cat out and
went to bed. All during the night he rolled and tossed
restlessly. His wife stroked his fevered brow and whis
pered words of encouragement. But he could not be
quieted.
Promptly at 6 on the morning of the 24th the alarm
went off. Remus jumped out of bed and dressed. After
getting on the outside of some fried sirloin and a cup of
mocha, which he drank from the saucer, for he could
not wait for it to cool, he took it on a run to his store.
The only sign of life without was a pile of burning
trash in front of the General Store across the way. Fog
hung thick and filled the air with gloom; children were
still asleep: dogs barked; roosters crowed and cows
lowed dolefully. Remus paced the floor impatiently. He
felt that he was up against it. Never before had he seen
trade so late in starting up on a Christmas eye.
Along about 9 o'clock the first native came in and be
gan to trade. He was followed by others, and before
the whistle blew for 12 the store was jammed. Men jin
gled money, women jabbered, wax dolls cried, wooden
sheep bleated, the clerk raked in the mazuma with both
hands and Remus made courtesies to everybody.
In the afternoon business became so swift that Remus
had to send for his wife to help wait on the customers.
As early as 2 o'clock prices were heartlessly boosted and
the stock had to be spread out thin to make a respectable
showing. At 5 everything had been sold except a 90-ccnt
vase which- was cracked across its flowered side.
When Remus counted up for the day and found that
he was only $197 25 to the good he turned to his clerk
and said, "Why in the world didn't you sell that vase to
one of your friends?"
Moral: The whole is not half enough for the average
BATTLEGROUND of EASTERN ASIA
Continued From Page Four.
way from Fusan, the Japanese foot
hold on the peninsula, to Seoul, the
capital, a distance of about 200 miles.
The strategic advantages of this rail
road, once completed, to the Japanese
would be enormous. By means of. it
even should Russia sweep the seas.
Which is extremely unlikely, Japan
could yet maintain an army In North
ern Korea, the island studded straits
between the peninsula and Japan be
ing rather narrow and difficult of navi
gation.
Probably all the navies of the East
would fail to maintain an effective
blockade here. But unfortunately for
Japan the railway is still on paper,
with but one complete section of
twenty-five miles in operation. The
project, however laudable from a
patriotic point of view, did not appeal
to the Japanese investor, who can put
his savings in railways near . • home
which pay anywhere from 10 to 20
per cent The work of construction
advanced by inches and only at this
li_'. s day the imperial Government has
been authorized by the Diet to take
over the railway and push it Jo' a
speedy conclusion. But the differ
ences between Russia and Japan will
probably have been settled before it
will be necessary to take this extreme
ly important railway into considera
tion as a factor in the same of war.
In conclusion it may be said that
Korea is about as large as the Empire
State and that its position on the East
Asian, map closely resembles that of
Florida on our own coast. Had, in
deed, Florida remained in the,posses
sion of Spain and Spain remained a
great power our position in the matter
would have been very much the same
as that of the Russian Government is
in regard to a Korea in Japanese pos
session or under her political influence.
The strategic railways between Port
Arthur, on the. Liaotong, and Vladivo
stok, on .Peter . the Great's Buy, must
pass within" a few miles of the north
ern frontier of Korea, and they would
be constantly exposed to destruction
at the critical moments when their
maintenance would be of vital import
ance to Russian dominion in the Far
East.'
Again, -with Japan strongly fortified
on the south coast of Korea, at Ma-
sampho or elsewhere, communication
by water between the two great bul
warks of Russian power and dominion
in the Far, East, which I have already
mentioned, would be extremely pre-
Here we have the elements of the
irreconcilable quarrel, and yet the
bloody phase, the trial of strength by
battle, may be postponed. Russia can
wait better than any other power In
th. world. All her great victories
have been won by waiting. One thing,
however* is quite certain — the finances
of Japan will not permit of her keep
ing up her present very effective
armament by sea ~nd land. It would
have been better for Japan to have
fought last year than this; better this
year than the next.
A postponement of the conflict .may
be secured by. Russia permitting ; the
occupation of Korea by Japanese
forces to maintain law and order in
the kingdom, which is fast lapsing;
into anarchy.- Public opinion in Japan
"would be appeased, and in the/mean
time Russia would consolidate , her
power in Manchuria, . in the Llaotong
Peninsula and in Eastern Siberia, and
await, her opportunity— which could
not fail to be more favorable than the
.present— of driving Japan out of
Korea. She compelled the withdrawal
of Japan from the Liaotong by diplom
acy and ' by putting 'her/ fleet in war
paint. She may aspire to gain posses
sion of the'Korean Peninsula by siml
i«i.'viinniilps.< ttnA inexnenslve methods.
BOOTH TARKINGTON'S
Best' Novel, :
"THE TWO VANREV-
Begins in Next
SUNDAY CALL.Cisco; Arthur Doviilcll, Eastland; Ethel
Scott. 415t; Twentieth street, Jsan "Fran
cisco; John Kiley, 2111 Joftes street,
San Francisco; Vernon Wilson, Stock-
ton; Martha Thoma?, 1371 Sacramento
street, San I'-rancisco"; Marie Levey,
Stockton, Lucy Alexander, Healds
burg: Richard Hodges, 502 Stanyaii
street, San Francisco; Lorena Mellon,
olO Alcatra?, stieet, Oakland; Neil
Crawford, Cornwall; Wallace McBain.
Oakiar.d: H-aiiiey Caura, Colusa; Frar.k
- /-VIIILDUKN. Cliildirn. CIIILD11KN. ATTENTIOX, EVERYBODY. There are three things of Import
/ / nncc Uiat the Puzzle Editor wonts to call your attention to this week. First and foremost Is the
\[_J question, \V!:y did so very ninny of you miss the Alphabet puzzle last week? Surely you all know
itr'^W-Jo»»' A, n. C"s. Isn't that the very first thing you Icnrn when you go to school? Then why la it that
; ; \ hYss^fni' less than one hundred and firt>;.or you got them right? It Is amazing. Why, the Puzzle EdJ-
V* tmvjvas.snre that not n single chlhraniong you all could possibly miss any of those puzzles. And yet
J iicaiiy>all t or you were wroo^.^ You must not ' think that these puzzles are too easy, for if yon do you
- . will be ;, cureless, and- cnfclossnt*ss losers- prizes every; I line. '¦'.
•- ' '> Thc**.s€H.'Qiidi thins should he an - inspiration to*"yo«' -all. Just look at the four pictures at the top
of this p"K<? * '•'TJuw^.tire the portraits of Tour little children, illl from the stinic family, ami all of them
liiizc uiniicri^ fArcn't they rerfootly uoiiilerful? Xowis Yt)UR chance. Don't waste It.
>ThetiilnI ! thing is that, the next Sunday Call will contain a full page of clever puzzle workers.
Are you ..unions them? -^ You can't tell until . you look, so keep your eyes wide open.
-¦-' : '' And here Is another thing that the Pjizzlc Editor wants" to speak of. I'!ca<c dnn 1 ! sonil In any tin
f type pictures or proofs thnt are iintoncd — which means thnt;they will fade as soon as they are exposed
to the sun, and don't forget to write your name am! I'.dilrcss oii the back or each and every photograph.
And 'byVafl means be sui-e that you arc a prlzf winner before you send in any picture at all.
¦:•'• .'- : • Now remember this: You will all have a chance not only to" win one of those 150 prizes, but get you*
.picture -published as well. The Puzzle Editor wants all the prize, winners from now on to send In thclf
' pictures—^the whole 150 every week'^f possible.^ Begin right now. "Don't wait. The more the merrier.
There can't he too many. But renicmbcr only the prize" winners can ha ve their pictures published. ,
' Each of the Nine Pictures in this, the Seventh contest of the" Sixth Scries, represents at Weather
Forecast. Can- you guess? • Ah! There is a rich reward for you if 'you can.
And now listen carefully: Til LIKE AKK OXE HUNDRED. AND FUTY PRIZES, and this to whit
, you must do to win one of them: ¦ ;\~ •>-. •.
. • / . riiid.tlie names or Nine'bifrerent Weather Forecasts represented by the Small Puzzle Pictures on
this page and write them out in the space opposite the proper corresponding number provided Tur the
purpose in thVv coupon on this page, as |>er directions: (ill in the coupon with your name and nddrcu and
the prize you desire— It you win — and send the. picture, with the coupon "attached, to the F.DITOU OF THE
NAME PUZZLE I'AGE. Sunday Call. San Francisco. Cul. ..*,-. t : '
REJIESIBKK— To tlie FIRST ONE HU.NDltKD AM) FIFTY BOYS AND «IULS who roItc the Nine
¦ Name' .Puzzles correctly, one of these ONE UUNDllED AXDF11TY BEAUTIFUL PHIZES will be
' awhrded, . ; ¦ .: ,- ¦¦'.-, ¦ :•:¦¦£/¦ v*~ .**"^i k "¦>''*•'
¦; , j • •.. Am! don't fdrert thN nr.tt point, hrcjinsn It I* very Important: ALL ANSWERS MUST REACH
: TIIISJOFFICi:. BY FIMDAY NOON. This sives till ilinse ln'tlic country an equal chance to compete.
. Head e.vfrythlnsron this pa~e. to he sui*e that you -'overtook' uotlilng that will he!?» .von to win a prize.
vVv,TlIE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WIXNEIIS WILL BE PUBLJSUED IN THE SUNDAY CALX* TWO
These ; are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose If you solve all (tlie puz
zles correctly: Lady of the Lake, by Scott: Light That .Failed, by KtpUug: Uttlc Lame Prlnctvby Muloct:
The Magic Nuts, by Moleswortli: the Master of Ballantrac. by. Stevcn^ou; Mosses From uu Old Manse, by
lIa\vllioriteioiIuIvane.vStories.by Ivf|)Iing: Paradise Ltist. by Milton: The Pilgrim's Progress. b> Banyan:
Plain Tt:!es lYoin.,,thcllliI.< hy Kipling: I*rlncc or tlae House of David, by Ingruham: !Iab and UN FrlcnOiV
by Brown: Sketch Book, by Irving: The Snow Image, by UawtbomeT
Tales : From ' Shaktisjxjaiv. by Lamb: Tom Bi-owh'm School Days, by Hughes; Treasure IslaiwJj^by Siuveuaon;
Twice Told Talcs, by llan tliof nc^anJ Unde Tom's Cnhhi. by Stowe.:
AND A BOX OF SUPEUFINE FRENCH PAINTSp^r?^^
. ¦ | i ¦ tv . j- ' *
Watch f ?> -tfi$ PUTT page'©? CT$V^ puzsT^ Woi-^r-s
in xhs- N<^5 vS^ioay Can*
TMley, Clll Jones street, San Francisco;
Forrest Johnson, 517 Logan avenue, San
Diego; Marguerite McCarthy, Smarts
vine; Mary Souza, Stockton.; Velma
Arlin, Lodi; Henrietta Contata, Elm
hurst; Xorlne Fitzgerald, San Fran
cJsco; T. Ostrom, 2919 Stelner street,
San Francisco; Max Cans, S6S McAllis
ter street, San Francisco; Rudolph
Trautner, 2S40 McAllister street, San
Francisco; Gwen Barton, Fresno; Ben
Osborn. Watsonville; Charles Dodge.
Santa Cruz; Sqlita Graves, 617 Halght
Btreet, San Francisco; Arthur Polln,
028 Harrison street, San Francisco;
Asher Sampson, Vailejo; Vera Bagot,
Lorin: Philo Murray, Fruitvale; Rose
Cuilen, 7 Ritch street, San Francisco;
Charlotte Chapman, Oakland..
TIII-3SK are tho nsmr« of t*i4
I5O lucky < liitilo ii hIki »>m
prize's hi tl:c puzzle ctmtol—
the Names of I Alters of the Al
phabet — published in Tlie Sun
day Call of .January 10:
H. P. Melink, 2019 Woolsey street.
Berkeley; H. Melinic. 20i:» "Woolscy
street, Berkeley; Kitty CasteUo, 101L
Webster turret, Oakland; Laura Foley,
K08' Fifteenth street. Fan • Francisco;
Florence Harrington, a Vailejo tor
race. San Francisco: P- Ackerman, 1327
Myrtle street, OalJand; Lesiie Crurrip.
141 Hancock street, San Francisco; Alice
Becker. 534 Castro street, San Fran
cisco; Flora Bruzbin. L'10 Pennsylvania
avenue, San Francisco; G. MoCormacIc,
t'20 Brady street. San Francisco; Mil
dred Smith, 1Z11 Dcvtoidero Fti"e(, !<an
I'rancisco; Elarry Ains'.cy. <: V <)1 J s;reet,
Ocean Side; Jack Liguori, Agne-.v;
l>orothy Coombs. Napa; Gertrude
BJanchard, San Jose; Garfield McCabe,
Modesto; C. Turk. 15"9 Taylor street,
San Francisco; Irene Montague, Lath
•rop: Etta Billings. Concord; Mervin
lArps. 443 Ocean street. Santa Cruz;
Gertie Gatter. Stockton; Kenneth
Campbell, Fruitvale; Ellen Murray,
Newcastle; Viola Hamilton, Silver City,
Nevada; William Bloeser, Los Angeles;
l-inian Hall, 203 Fourteenth street, San
Francisco; Miss Dibble, 1013 Central
avenue, Alameda; Kyna Williams,
Stockton; Al McXriU, C05 Jessie street,
<San Francisco; Marion • Richards, SSI
Sutter street, San Francisco; JCorma
Sober, 1357 McAllister street, San Fran
cisco; Mabel Johnson, Watsonville;
Isabel Neson, 2017 SanLAntonia avenue,
Alamotia; Julius Kahn, 2712 WeWer
street, San Francisco; George Becker,
534 Castro street, .Fan Francisco; Anna
McGincrty. J011 Alabama street, San
Francisco; Lizzie Kennedy, 218 Harriet
street, San Francisco; Hazel Isaacs,
757 Eighth street, Oakland; Ethel
Clemensen. Folsom; R. Luna, 1236 Du
pont street.,' San Francisco; Alice
Blackloclc,' 1274 Sacramento street. San
Francisco;; MUdred '. N'idever, Santa
Cruz; LiLHe Flahaven. 1S07 Howard
street, S^n Francisco; Flora Miller,
TSelma: Gladys Johnson. Santa Cruz;
Dora Brink, Lakeport; Elva Coulthard,
Palo Alto;. ; Mazie Dunn, Bakerefield;
J&mes Dunn, 2422 Chester avenue,
JBakersfield: F. Lowenthal, Livermore;
Talentine .Ilademacher, 1353 McAllister
street, San Francisco; Leo De Vaney,
rtosebur£,*Oregon; Elizabeth Quinn, 669
Sixth street, Oakland; Harold Trask,
1409 Scott'street; San Francisco; Ken
neth Dick,; £34 York Ktreet. Vailejo;
Genevieve Fafrcll. Petaluma; Eakle
Hart, £14 Eddy street, San Francisco;
John Baldwin. 2513 Pacific avenue, San
Francisco; Vivian Webb, 235 Eighth
street. Oakland; Ethelyn Reibelinjr,
121 Olive avenue. San Francisco; El
eanor Coll, "7 Fell street. Sap Fran
cisco : Beatrice Miner, 1516 Sherman-
Btreet, Alameda; Laura Tade, 1009. I
street. Sacramento: Etna Claypool,
2000 H street. Sacramento; Pearl Lu
cas. Woodbriige: Florence Coates, ;
Lafayette; Kenneth Murphy, Portei
ville; Elsie Haesters, Glemvood; Edith
O'Brien, 477 Shotwell street, San Fran-
THESE JZRE
THE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF JAM. 10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles, x
Fill Gut the Coupon
end Send It to
tte Fuzzle Editor,
iunriay Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor. Sunday Call.
San Francisco:
Below In their proper num-
bers please linil my ••olutlon of
the Weather Forecasts repre-
sented in this %rcck*s Name Puz-
zles.
1
X ...........................
e ..:
8
»
January 21, 1901.
Namo
Street or P. O.
Cltj'
State •
If I win I choose for prize
0
(See List of Prizes.)MOTHER AND WIFE OF THE CZAR OF RUSSIA "WHO WOULD DI
RECT HIS POLITICAL. DESTINY AND THE WOMAN WHO IS
STRIVING FOR HIS DOWNFALL. . .
Since the day he ascended the throne
there has been a continuous contest
between his wife ar.d his mother for
supremacy over the Czar. His mother,
the Dowager Empress, though brought
up at the most democratic court in
Europe — that of Denmark— became
after her marriage to Alexander III as
Muscovite in thought and opinion as
the most extreme Russian Conserv
atives. A Protestant by birth and edu
cation, she became a devout adherent
of the orthodox Greek faith.
When her son. Nicholas II, then a
young man of "6, became Emperor, his
mother formed a resolve that she would
guide him in the footsteps of his
fathers and protect him from the mod
ernizing influences of the age. The
Dowager Empress has been the lead
ing spirit of the reactionists at the
Russian court. She has sought to make
her eon a ruler after her own heart, a
statesman of the Muscovite school, a
The truth is that the Czar Nicholas II
is physically weak, with shattered
nerves, and without much will of his
own. He is an amiable young man and
well-meaning: enough, but he is abso
lutely unfitted to be the autocratic
ruler of a country like Russia, where
an iron-handed administrator is essen
tial.
ET. PETERSBURG. Jan. 23.— One of
tbm permanent puzzles of the present
Cear's reign has been the remarkable
inconsistency with which Nicholas II
has conducted the Government of his
empire. AVhen he ascended the throne
he had the reputation of being a keen
reformer, yet he retained the most
reactionary of his father's Ministers in
cfSce. Since then he has alternated be
tween progressive and retrogressive
tendencies.
Czarina Pleadsfor
Liberality and
Progress.
Iron -Hand Policy
Suits Dowager
Empress.
BETWEEN FORCE OF A STRONG MOTHER AND CHARITY OF A DEVOTED
WIFE THE CZAR HALTS AND THE WORLD SAYS HE IS A WEAK MAN
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1904.
Kages.lFto 20
Pagesl7to20
militarist, and an upholder of the Rus
sian bureaucracy, which is the Czar's
most potent instrument in ruling per-
ponally over so many millions of sub
jects distributed. over two continents.
The Csar's wife," on the coijtrary, is
the embodiment of open-minded liber
alism. Her Anglo-German mind cannot
grasp the medieval ideal which 'ap-
peal so strongly to the Slavs, with
their lower degree of culture, civiliza
tion and ', enlightenment. Necessity
compelled her to embrace the orthodox
Greek faith when she married Nicho
las, but her conversion was purely for
mal, and she remains at heart true to
Lutheran Presbyterianism, the religion
of her childhood. In politics, too, the
Asiatic ideas which prevail at the Rus
sian court are abhorrent to her, and she
regards the reactionary advisers of the
Czar, Including her own mother-in-law,
as the worst enemies of Russia.' '""
- •• • ¦ ¦ - ¦ -
. CZARINA IS PROGRESSIVE.
All the influence the Czarina pos
sesses over her Imperial husband is ex
erted to make him a progressive west
ern monarch instead of an eastern po-
ten tate glorying in Asiatic -conditions
of semi-barbarism. She has pleaded
repeatedly, for malcontent students
who . have cot into trouble * by demon
strating their political opinions too vig
orously; she has espoused the cause. of
strikers; she has championed the rights
of . the Jews, who can be baited wiih
impunity throughout Russia; she has
represented to her husband the injus
tice of suppressing Polish nationalism
by* blbod-and-iron .methods, and .she
has , warmly advocted a more merciful
treatment* of the liberty-loving, patri
otic Finns. . '.
Needless to say, during the nine years
of the Czar's reign, the Czarina and
her mother-in-law have come into
sharp collision over political affairs on
numerous occasions.
The Czar wavers continuously be
tween allegiance to his wife and to his
mother. He loves his wife, but he fears
his mother, and it is a constant strug
gle between love and fear.. Sometimes
the one gets the upper hand, sometimes
the other c hence the I zigzag course of
the Czar's policy visible to the world.
It is a matter of common gossip In
Russian court circles that the two im
perial ladies from time to time have
lively passages rf arms over their di
vergent political views. Shortly after
the recent Kishenev -riots, when so
many Jews were massacred, there was
quite a scene between the Dowager
Empress and her daughter-in-law in
the , Czar/s study ¦ one morning. The
Czarina urged that the Kishenev mas
sacres disgraced Russia in the eyes of
The Grand Duchess Marie Pavlovna,
the wlfe\of the Czar's uncle and heir
presumptive. Grand Duke Vladimir,
is the most formidable and most dan
gerous of the women who exercise
political influence on the Russian Em
peror. This ambitious woman covets
the throne of Russia for her husband
and for her son and her whole career
has been devoted to the task of under
mining the present Czar's position.
Whenever she can contribute to the
accomplishment of something: likely to
weaken the Czar's position she exerts
her whole strength to bring it about.
She has sought to make the Czar ridi
culous in the eyes of the nobility and
to represent him in an unfavorable
light to the masses of the Russian
people. Her influence Is exercised most
ly V indirectly, throuch her husband,
whose position as next in line to the
throne after the Czar's rather sickly
younger brother makes him a person
age of great power and importance.
The Grand Duchess also operates
through members of a court clique,
which is ill-disposed toward Nicholas
II. and through newspapers which are
in receipt of subventions from her.
She is by far the cleverest of the
women around the Czar and had her
Influence been exerted to strengthen
his position and to contribute to the
success of his reign instead of the re
verse Nicholas II might go down to
history with a reputation very differ
ent from the one which posterity
seems likely to accord to him.
the civilized world and cast a blot on
her husband's honor, while the Dow
ager Empress maintained that no one
whose opinion was worthy of consid
eration cared whether there were a
few Jews more or "less in the world
and that the protests made in western
countries were engineered by an In
significant minority of uninfluential
and sentimental or interested no
bodies.This council has under consideration
a grand entertainment to be given in
the near future. As soon as the council
decides upon the date an announcement
will be made.
During the second week in January
Prosperity Council of the Sentinels of
the Universe had their officers Installed
for the current term in a very Impres
sive manner. The new officers are
Louis Parent, chief sentinel; Leland
Olson, vice sentinel: It B. Darby, sec
retary; George S. Clinton, treasurer;
Nellie Stuart, conductor; Mrs. E.
Montgomery, sentry. After the cere
mony there was a banquet, at which
there were present many loyal senti
nels. Dr. R. F. Tomllnson \»as the
toastmaster. discharging tho duties de
volving upon htm with marked ability
and giving each speaker called on a
witty Introduction.
THE SENTINELS.
The visit of Noble Grand Arch Beck
to McKInley Grove of the United An
cient Order of Druids was one of the
most pleasant of the season. The
visiting official was accompanied by
Grand Secretary Martlnoni, Grand
Treasurer Horn, Grand Trustees Wede
meyer, Dorn and Sichel, Grand Mar
shal Antonovich and a delegation from
Manzanita and Old Friends' groves.
The initiatory work was performed by
the officers in an excellent manner and
during the conferring of the degree
there was no smoking In the hall and
no whispering. This struck the visitors
as remarkable, and It was most fa
vorably commented upon by the grand
officers, who expressed the hope that
all groves will do likewise. This grove
has an enviable, reputation for the dig
nity of its members during the con
ducting of business, as well as the
conferring of the degrees. Forest Co
burn, the noble arch, was told by the
noble grand arch that his work was
the most perfect he had witnessed
during his many official visits. The
other officers were also complimented.
After the work of the evening there
DRUIDISM.
District Deputy Grand Chief Ranger
Ed C. Sewell, assisted by Dr. Charles
M. Troppmann, grand recording secre
tary, as marshal, installed the follow
ing as officers of Court Seal Rock of
the Foresters of America for the cur
rent term: P. G. Anderson, chief
ranger; A. C. Biedenbach, sub-chief
ranger; E. J. Coffney, treasurer; Ben
F. Johnson, financial, and W. J. Willis,
recording secretary; Dr. A.. K. Hap
persberger, physician; A. B. Swenson,
and K. Nelson, woodwards; G. A. An
derson and J. Taisen, beadles; Joseph
L. Gallagher, lecturer; C. M. Tropp
mann, M. D., druggist.
Grand Recording Secretary Tropp
mann has during the last two weeks
paid official visits to Courts Robin
Hood, Bay City and Pride of Gras3 Val
ley and at each place he was well re
ceived and entertained. At each pluc;
he gave excellent advice and "put a lit
tle life" into the visited membership.
The officers of Live Oak Circle were
installed by Mrs. C. Tucker, D. O. C.
C. They are: Companion Burg, chief
companion; Companion Campia, sub
chief; A. Rothman, financial, and Com
panion Stelnweg, recording secretary;
Companion Harris, treasurer; Mrs. K.
Sneider, junior past chief; Companion
Madden and Companion Clack, guides;
Companions Campbell and Schoon
macher, guards; Companion Igo, pian
ist, and Dr. Woodward physician. In
recognition of services rendered the
retiring chief. Mrs. Sneider, was pre
sented with an emblamatic badge and
an elegant writing desk and bookcase
combined. The circle is growing, and
on the night of installation initiated
two strangers,
Deputy Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Lizzie Atwood, S. S. C. C, with Grand
Trustee Coletia Tucker as marshal, in
stalled the following named as the offi
cers of James G. Blalne Circle of the
Companions of the Forest of America
for the current term : Mate Cart
wright, past chief companion; Mrs.
Will McDowell, chief companion; Mrs.
Phil E. Klley, sub chief; Mrs. L. Label,
recording, and Mrs. T. J. Emery,
financial secretary; Mrs. John J. Cor
dy, treasurer; Mrs. S. Beban, right,
and Mrs. H. Getz," left guide; Mrs. C.
Woodall and Mrs. K^ Searer, guards;
Dr.. Frank Emmal, physician; Mrs. H.
AMERICAN FORESTERS.
A new court was instituted at Corn
ing by Deputy A. U. Field on Janu
ary !D.
San Joaquln and Pacific courts are
preparing for a large class initiation in
February.
Court Raisin City of Fresno, now two
years old, has a membership of 192 and
$1500 to its credit.
Junior Court Star of the West in
stalled its officers in public on January
22, and then had a first class Jinks.
Juvenile Court Rose City of Santa
Rosa will have an anniversary celebra
tion in that city on January 30. The
Juvenile band of Court No. 1 will ren
der selections during the evening.
During the latter part of the current
month the Companions of the Forest
will have a circus and entertainment
in the bancuet hall of the A. O. F ;
building, which is arranged for by the
executive committee of the order.
The following , named were installed
for the current term as the officers of
Sherwood Circle No. 129. C. O. F., A.
O. F.: May O'Brien, junior past chief;
May Goley, worthy chief; P. J. Jonas,
sub-chief; . Effie Furgeson, .treasurer;
Virginia Rentschler, financial secre
tary; Carrie Dambaeher, recording sec
retary; Isa Stewart and Annie Elikers,
A new court of the Ancient Order
of Foresters named Court Vancouver
was instituted at Vancouver. Wash.,
last week by E. L. Bailey, deputy or
ganizer, c. A. Rambo is the chief
ranger and R. D. Mills the financial
secretary.
Court Hartford of Vallejo was vis
ited last week by High Chief Ranger
Sanford, High Court Secretary Rob
erts and High Court Senior Woodward
Jones. The meeting was a pleasant and
interesting one.
High Sub-Chief Ranger O. M. Golda
recena paid a visit January 21 to Court
Treadwell at Tes!a, when there was a
public installation of the officers and
a banquet.
Court Pride of San Mateo installed
its officers January 20. Several of the
high court officers were present and
addressed the meeting.
There was a joint public installation
of the officers of Court Athens and
Athens Circle In Oakland on January
21, after which 1 there was an interest
ing programme of music and song and
an address by Permanent Secretary
John Falconer. Those who took part
in the nroKramme were the A. O. F.
juvenile band. Professor W. H. Nunan,
John Falconer Jr., Harry Brown and
Willie Falconer. Dancing followed the
programme.
ANCIENT FORESTERS.
Grand Second Vice President James
L. Gallagher of the N. S. G. W., who
was called to Seattle on important
business, will on his return commence
the official visits to the parlors in his
jurisdiction.
Grand First Vice President Charles
E. McLaughlin will, on his official trip
to the parlors in the southern part of
the State, be accompanied by Grand
President H. R. McNoble.
Grand Trustee Charles M. Belshaw
is at this time visiting the parlors as
signed to him for the purpose of offi
cial visitations.
Andrew Mocker, grand organizer, is
visiting the parlors In Sonoma County
to encourage the membership to con
tinued activity for the order. Mocker
proposes to keep at work until every
white male born in this State who has
attained his majority and is eligible by
reason of physical, mental and moral
qualifications to join the order, places
his application In some parlor.
Deputy Grand President E. P. Troy
has installed the following named as
officers of Sequoia Parlor for the cur
rent term: R. P. Dunphy, past pres
ident; A. Gudehus, president; F. A.
Fox, F. A. Denhard and L. M. Mc-
Avoy, vice presidents; L. M. Bannan.
treasurer; C B. Torres, financial sec
retary; Richard D. Barton, recording
secretary; C. A. MIchaelson, marshal;
F. A. McGeeney, trustee; John de
Luca and M. Herlitz, sentinels, and
Drs. Alden, Donnelly and Mahoney,
surgeons. The Installation was fol
lowed by a' banquet, at which L. M.
Bannan was the toastmaster. The
principal speakers were District Dep
uty Grand Presidents E. P. Troy and
William Johnson and John Dumbrell,
Ralph Stockwin and R. D. Barton,
better known as Professor Sousa. The
hall in which the banquet was served
was tastefully decorated by Thomas
Eddy and George si. Stockwitz. Dur
ing the repast there was an excellent
musical programme under the direc
tion of C. d! Slebe and James G. Kent
zell.
The official visit of Grand Trustee
James A. Devoto to Pacific Parlor was
marked by the very cordial reception
tendered him by the many members
and visitors on the night of January
13 and by the great display of orator
ical fireworks during good of the
order. The visiting official presented
many facts and figures that were not
only interesting but instructive. He
alluded to the statements often made
that Pacific Parlor is a "grabber" and
that Its hobby is to launch grand offi
cers. He said that be that as it may,
Pacific has reason to be proud of the
grand officers It has launched and he
predicted that Pacific will launch an
other grand president in the person of
D. A. Ryan, the silver-tongued orator
not only of the parlor but of the order
in San Francisco. Junior Past President
Locke deplored the fact that he was
only the second star. In the opinion of
the visitor, but that as he Is still young
he hopes to learn and in time excel
the future president of the order.
What he did say was masterly and was
well received. "Bill" Langdon stood
on his tiptoes and told his wonderful
NATIVE SONS.
San Francisco, Golden West and
Pathfinder camps and San Francisco
Circle. W. O. W., had a joint enter
tainment and dance in Mission Ma
sonic Hall last week, and it was a most
successful affair, enjoyed by as many
people as could crowd Into the hall. It
was In the nature of a reception to
Head Consul Falkenburg. who was es
corted into the hall by the uniformed
tesm of Mission Council. There was
an excellent programme of music, songs
and recitations and an interesting ad
dress by the head consul. Among the
visitors were the teams of San Fran
cisco and Golden Gate camps and a
large delegation from California Camp.
At a Drtvate reunion of a number of
the members of California Circle of the
Women of Woodcraft Laurance Vin
cent, who has been an ardent worker
for the advancement of the circle, was
presented with a beautiful matchbox
In appreciation of his unselfish work
for the circle and the order.
At a recent meeting of Spruce Circle
of Alameda, "Women of Woodcraft, two
strangers were initiated, with the as
sistance of the drill team of Oakland
Circle, which had accompanied Mrs.
M. M. Kline, past guardian neighbor of
the circle named, for the purpose of In
stalling the officers for the current
term. Those who were inducted Into
office are: Mrs. V. C. Ebbesen, guard
ian neighbor; Miss H. L. Kruger, past
guardian neighbor; Miss Josephine
Moblad. adviser; Mrs. M. M. Kline,
clerk; Mrs. Marie Tardlf. banker; Miss
Bertha Moblad, magician; Mrs. Rosa
Hinds, attendant; Mrs. Mattle Town
send, captain of guards; Mrs. Poulson,
inner sentinel; Mrs. Louise Gastman,
outer sentinel; Mrs. MIna Rew. musi
cian; Mrs. Bruer, manager. After the
installation Mrs. Mlna Rew, on behalf
of the circle, presented, in a neat
speech, a beautiful emblematic pin to
Miss H. L. Kruger. the retiring guard
ian neighbor. She remarked that "duty
well performed merits recognition, and
that is why Spruce Circle presents you
this token of its appreciation of your
services." The ceremonies and speech
making were followed by a supper In
the banquet hall. This circle will have
a progressive whist party on the night
of February 4, In Woodmen's Hall.
After the game and distribution of
prizes, there will be dancing.
On the night of January 13 the Chop
pers' Friendship Club, the Woodmen's
organization for the care of the sick,
initiated several candidates and had
its officers installed for the current
term. This club is still working; hard
to raise the membership to 1000.
WOODCRAFT.
The officers of Precita Parlor were
installed by District Deputy Grand
President William D. Hynes last week,
after which there was the presenta
tion of a handsome desk and chair to
"Uncle" Daniel J. Wren the parlor's
honored financial secretary, in token
of the parlor's appreciation of his
services since he has filled that posi
tion. This was followed by the pre
sentation to the retiring* president,
Sheriff Peter J. Curtis, of a beautiful
gold and diamond badge of the or
der. During the evening Grand First
Vice President Charles E. McLaugh-
Hn delivered an interesting address on
the ritual of the Native Sons.
"Jackrabbit story." Like love's sweet
whispering, it was the old, old story,
but ever new, when poured into ears
willing to receive it. T. P. Martin, an
other star "of the parlor, who is ever
ready to "kick" on behalf of the mi
nority, spoke in a serious vein and gave
the grand and petty officers and mem
bers much to 'think about. Then fol
lowed talks by H. F. Dam, the Patrick
Henry of the parlor; "Witch" Hazell.
the intellectual genius, and several
other hot air distributors. The last
of the speakers was D. A. Ryan, "the
future," who delivered a speech that
electrified the auditors by its bril
liancy. Not only was his address bril
liant, but it was full of humor, and
some of those who preceded him in
oratory came in for good natured
chaff.
SOME PROMINENT MEMBERS
OF SAN FRANCISCO'S FRA
TERNAL ORGANIZATIONS.
San Francisco Company, Uniform
Rank, K. O. P., has elected for the en
suing term Dr. J. A. Eason, captain;
Dr. P. M. Seibert, first, and W. Wag
ner, second lieutenant; A. F. Wade,
recorder; F. Pratt, treasurer; J. Huber,
Ernest Ullman and George H. Broder
son, trustees. These officers will be
installed during the early part of Feb
ruary at a public military installation.
The company having ascertained that
a number of the local lodges of the
Knights of Pythias had abandoned the
idea of celebrating the fortieth anni
versary of the order, decided to cele
brate it. and to that end has secured
Saratoga . Hall for February 19.
Clara Tuska, district deputy of the
Rathbone Sisters, with the assistance
of Ida Brooks and Julia Day, installed
the following named as officers of
Golden Gate Temple: Charlotte Bayley,
past chief; Myrtle R. Saylor, most ex
cellent chief; Anna L. Elkington, ex
cellent senior; Bertha H. Klemm,
excifyent junior; Mary A. Pabst, man
ager; Cora Thomson, mistress of rec
ords and correspondence; Lizzie B.
Armstrong, mistress of finance; Paul
ine Taylor, 'protector; Louisa Johnson,
outer guard.
E. S. Belknap, D. D. G. C. has In
stalled the following named as the of
ficers of Eureka Lodge, K. of P., for
the current term: William Cronin, C.
C.; M. Sinsby, V. C; A. Moorehouse,
P.; Fred Klein. M. of W.; J. W. C.
Beattie, K. of R.; E. S. Belknap, M. of
F.; G. H. Broderson, M. of E.; H.
Fisher, M. at A.; Fred Esker, I. G., and
Chris Broderson, O. G. The installa
tion was followed by a programme of
entertainment, which included musical
selections, a wrestling match between
Professor Charles Garcia of the Olym
pic and Professor Otto E. Anderson of
the Ashland Club of Chicago and ex
hibitions of boxing by Billy Murnane
and Tom Sullivan and Al Younge and
Terry Murnane.
The new lodge organized by J. R.
Wear at Black Diamond and named
Contra Costa, was instituted January
lfr. W. C. Lewis is the chancellor and
W. H. Hanlon keeper of records and
seal. A lodge was Instituted at Wil
lits, Mendocino County, January 12, by
S. A. McDonald. ; ' #
Myrtle Lodge conferred the knight
rank in long form last week in a very
creditable manner. Golden City Lodge
conferred the rank of esquire on quite
a number of eligibles.
, DIrigo Company of Oakland will give
a dance in its quarters on February 19.
A new company* of the uniform rank
will be mustered In by Brigadier Gen
eral McC.lashan January 29, assisted
by a number of the prominent officers
of the order. Some time In February
another company will be mustered In
at San Leandro.
Grand Chancellor B. V. Sargent Is ar
ranging for a tour of visitations to the
lodges in Southern California.
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS.
The same week Deputy Grand Chief
Mrs. Worms installed the officers of
Lorely Circle, being aided in the work
by Past Grand Chief Mrs. Harrington.
Court Golden West will give a grand
ball in Native Sons' Hall on the night
of February 2.
Mrs. Atwood, assisted by Mary Con
nell, ex-grand recording secretary, as
marshal, installed the officers of Inter
Nos Circle for the term. They are:
Lizzie Robinson, chief companion;
Mary Murtha, sub chief; Celia Lach
man, right guide; Emma Schback, left
guide; Ernest W. Jakobs, recording,
and Emma Asnes Harrington, finan
cial secretary; Lizzie Meyers, treas
urer; Mrs. Lynch and Frank Scove,
guards, and Mrs. Olwell, trustee. The
reports show that this circle is doing
well, having during the past term
added quite a number by initiation.
An official visit will be paid to Mar
tha Washington Circle on January 26
by Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Krimminger.
The officers of San Francisco Circle,
one of the most harmonious of the
order, were Installed last week by
Deputy Grand Chief Companion
Thomas Blake, L. P., assisted by Past
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Harring
ton, acting as grand marshal. The
deputy did his work in a most satis
factory manner, and it won for him
many words of congratulation. As to
the acting grand marshal, she always
does hr>r work well.
Lewis, trustee, ar?d Mrs. Roberson,
organist. After the installation there
was a bancuet for a large number of
the companions and visitors under the
superintendence of the committee com
posed of George Beban, Mrs. Phil E.
Kiley, Mrs. Ida Cordy, Mrs. D. Brad
ley and Ed Livenston.
guides; Agnes Cobblestone and Kate
Bridge wood, guards; Amanda von
Lindermann, organist; Dr. Alexander
Keenan, physician. The Installing offi
cer was Mrs. Matilda Harvey. D. S. G.
C. C. assisted by Miss Wunderlich as
herald. This circle will have an "at
home" in its meeting place Wednesday,
February 2.
The grand officers also paid a visit
to North End Grove the following;
night, when several candidates were
initiated and the reports presented
showed a good numerical and financial
condition of that subordinate. There
were under good for the order some
plain talk by the noble grand arch on
the duties of officers and members
toward each other and addresses by
Past Supreme Arch Schord and Past
Arch Conrad relative to the uniform
rank of Hartnagle Chapter and ad
dresses by the grand secretary, grand
marshal, Dr. T. W. B. Leland, a mem
ber of Golden Star Grove, and many
others.
Last week the noble grand arch,
grand secretary, grand marshal. Grand
Trustees Sichel and Dorn, Past Arches
Bamman and Wolf and the degree
team of Old Friends' Grove, under
command of Captain de Bruyne, and
twenty-six members of that grove
visited the grove in Redwood City.
where they were joined by Past Grand
Arches Buck and Lovie and a delega
tion from Mayfleld Grove, accom
panied by W. Mount. D. N\ G. A. The
three degrees were conferred on sev
eral candidates and the grove did not
close until 1:30 o'clock in the morn-
Ing. A "hand-out lunch" was served
after the work of the night.
Last week Vasca da Gama, Helvetia
and Lincoln groves were visited by the
grand officers.
were addreses by the visitors and a
collation was served.
gave an informal dancing party in its
hall in the Odd Fellows' building, which
was enjoyed by a large number of
members and friends. The lodge will
give a ragtime party in the banquet
hall of the Odd Fellows' building on
the last Saturday in January.
District Deputy President of the As
sembly Mrs. Flora Bergman on the
third Saturday in January installed the
officers of California Lodge, in which
she holds her membership. She was
assisted in this work by her staff and
the work was unexceptionally well
done. The new officers are Esther
Rosenbaum, past noble grand; E. B.
Baker, noble grand; Lizzie McMurray,
vice grand; Cora Levin, recording, and
Mary A. Hawley, financial secretary;
Lizzie Galvin, treasurer; Lydia Bur
dick, warden; Rose Rosen, conductor;
Emil Paris, outside, and Annie W.
King, inside guard. The ceremony was
followed by the presentation of a
handsome embroidered collar to the
retiring noble grand by Captain M. A.
Samuels on behalf of the lodge. Then
there was the presentation of a valu
able ornamental ne'ek chain to the
district deputy and flowers rich, rare
and beautiful to the marshal and the
new officers.
Grand President Miss Stella Finkel
dey paid an official visit to Genevieve
Parlor, N. D. G. W., in the Masonic
building. South San Francisco. She
was accompanied by a number of
members of the order and the meeting
proved to be a most pleasant one for
the officers and the members. Among
the visitors were Grand Treasurer
Emma Gruber Foley, District Deputy
Grand President Agnes Troy and Past
Grand President Mrs. G. W. Baker.
The officers were examined in the rit
ualistic, memorized and floor work:
also in the manner of balloting, all of
which won words of commendation for
those who exemplified the same. The
grand officer was given a pleasing sou
venir of the visit.
The new parlor instituted at Occi
dental by Grand Secretary Laura J.
Frakes and Past Grand President Mary
E. Tiliman has been named for the
town in which it ,was organized. After
the institution, initiation of members
and installation of officers there was a
vcte of thanks to the instituting offi
cers and a banquet in their honor.
The grand president visited Copa de
Ora Parlor last Monday. Bonita Tues
day. Monte del Rey Wednesday and
Aloha on Thursday.
The grand president also paid a
visit to Piedmont Parlor in Oakland,
where she was tendered a flattering
reception and was given an opportu
nity to judge of the officer's pro
ficiency In the work by the initiation
of candidates. One of the past
grand officers, who was a visitor to
the parlor, said that the praise given
by the grand president to the officers
was well deserved. Among the visit
ors were noticed the grand secretary,
Miss Frakes: grand treasurer, Mrs.
Foley; Past Grand Presidents Conrad
and Keith and members of other par
lors In Alameda County, including
Amanda Hammerley. past grand treas
urer, and members from San Fran
cisco. Under good of the order tbere
were addresses by the prominent
visitors after the grand president had
cpoken, after which the visiting and
inspecting grand officer was presented
with a crystal bowl as a token of fra
ternal admiration. Bouquets were pre
sented to the other grand officers and
Jce cream and cakes were served to
all. In her remarks to the assembled
members of the order. Past Grand
President Conrad commended Pied
mont Parlor for having presented to
the Grand Parlor, and had unanimous
ly adopted, the patriotic Betsy Ross
resolution. She said that she was a
strong supporter of that resolution
and expressed the hope that the mem
bers of the order throughout the State
would unite and carry out the pro
visions of the same. The framer of the
resolution. Jennie E. Brown, heartily
indorsed the word of Mrs. Conrad.
The officers of Placer Parlor of Lin
cota were installed January 13 by Mrs.
Ada G. Bowman. D. D. G. P.. of Califia
I'arlor of Sacramento, assisted by Past
Grand President Mrs. Ema Gett of the
game parlor, acting as grand marshal.
The new officials are: Bertha Landis,
past president; Carrie Parlin, presi
dent; Elizabeth Flemming, Jessie Dillian
and Josephine Findiey, vice presidents;
Mabel Adams, recording secretary;
Lois Gladding financial secretary; Ma
bel Fuller, marshal; Adelia Brown,
treasurer; Mary Finney, Frances Lan
ders and Ethel McArthur. trustees;
Sophie Neville and Marie Fuller, senti
nels. After the parlor work the mem
bers of the Native Sons* parlor of Lin
coln were invited into the parlor hall,
where there was a programme of enter
tainment, which included an instru
mental duet by Lois Gladding and
Elizabeth Flemming; select reading,
Mabel Adams; vocal selections, Emma
Jansen, and recitation, Katie Nelson.
This was followed by a banquet, at
which the retiring president. Bertha
Landis, was the toastmistress, and there
were responses to toasts by the visiting
officials and by Amy Brown. Lottie
Sartani. Mrs. Bowman and others. The
toast assigned to Past Grand President
Mrs. Gett was "The Native Sons." and
her response was loudly applauded.
The second grand ball given by Cala
veras, the beauty parlor of San Fran
cisco, in Native Sons' Hall in the sec
ond week in January was a great suc
cess, the hall being more than comfort
ably 'filled. The programme of dances
was a well arranged one, and the affair
was conducted under the auspices of
the following named committees: Ar
rangempnts—Jennie A. Ohlerich (chair
man). Lena C. Moore. Emma White,
Emma Mullcr, Eleanor W. Garms, Ali
cia A. Nunan. Sophie Grisingher and
Josephine C. Budde: floor— Lena C.
S Moore, Martin McFarland. Agnes Mc-
Verry.. Tillie Leemann, Alice A, Vice,
1>cah T. Wrede and Grace Fleck; recep
tion—Eleanor Brickwedel. Anita Chlera
< ns. Jofle Hartmann. Ardie Wrede,
fv.ra Dtpgs and Nina C. Nelson.
The officers of Darina Parlor were
installed last week by Fannie Edwards,
T\ d. G. P. AH the grand officers
vrre invited to be present. The same
<JTtcer installed the officers of Cala
v«»r?6 Pflrlor.
Th<» nfneers of Minerva Parlor were
publicly installed in the presence of a
large Dumber of persons by Genevleve
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge had a pleas
ant party in its lodgeroom January 19.
On the third Saturday in January
Mission Rebekah Lodge had a very
pleasant party in Excelsior Hall, under
the direction of Lulu Perry, Carrie
Martin and F. J. Hind, when there was
presented a pleasing programme of en
tertainment, the numbers being pre
sented by Miss Georgia Bacon, a bril
liant young specialist; Otis Harrold.
Margaret Nesblt. Ethel and Arnold
Glazer. .There was also an address on
"Humor." by Rev. V?jKih Rader. He
engaged the attention of the audience,
a large one, for more than half an
hour and kept it In the best of humor
with amusing anecdotes and witty Bay
ings. This lodge will have an open
meeting February 6.
On the night of the third Saturday in
January, Amity Lodge of the Rebekahs
The December reports from all parts
of the State show a good Increase in
the subordinate and encampment
branches of the order and also an in
crease in finance. n
At the meeting of Templar Lodge
last week Past Grand Stovall was
made the recipient of a handsome
souvenir from a number of the mem
bers, who have great admiration for
the "has been." The presentation was
in the nature of a genuine surprisa, so
great that the recipient was at a Ios3
for words to express his feelings. The
punning- secretary, J. F. Nichols, sug
gested that he send them by mail.
The San Francisco Relief Commit
tee paid a visit to Apollo Lodge Janu
ary 22. and on the 28th that organiza
tion will visit Yerba Buena and Pa
cific lodges' in joint meeting.
The Past Grands' Association has
extended an invitation to the Veter
ans' Association to pay it a fraternal
visit February 12.
Grand Scribe Barnes delivered an
address on January 21 before Ulati3
Encampment at a rmblic installation
of its officer?. On February 9 he will
be the guest of Morning Star Lodge at
Its golden anniversary; on the 10th
he will address the guests of the or
der in the home at Thermalito, and on
the 11th he will attend a public re
union of Rebekahs in Sacramento.
ODD FELLOWSHIP.
Carroll of Keith Parlor. D. D. G. P.
After the installation there was dan
cing for an hour.
The grand secretary. Miss Frakes,
paid a fraternal visit last week to Cala
veras Parlor and was most cordially
received. Under good of the order she
delivered a very interesting address.
Junior Past Grand President Eliza
D. Keith was a visitor to Alta Parlor
on the night of installation. That
night Mary N'oonan, who for many
years filled the office of financial sec
retary and was succeeded by Lizzie
Douglass, was, as she was leaving her
station, presented with a handsome pin
by her many friends of the parlor, who
were won to her during her term as
an officer by her kindness and the
courteous treatment accorded every
one who had business with her.
Grand President Finkeldey, having
concluded her official visits, returned
to her school in Santa Cruz, but during
her leisure hours from school duties
will attend to the many and exacting
duties of the presidency of the order.
During the visit of the grand pres
ident to Aloha Parlor in Oakland
there was one Native Daughter who
attracted unusual attention, and that
was Jennie E. Brown of Piedmont
Parlor, who gave a recitation which
for excellence has seldom been sur
passed. If equaled, in a lodgeroom.
She displayed a power of elocution
that astonished her most intimate
friends and for this she was applaud
ed to the echo.
The good of the order committee of
Las Loma? Parlor, consisting of Mat
tie Farris, Teresa Melbourne, Lillie
Kern, Anna Lacy, Kittie Whalen. Jes
sie Harp and Kittie Cassidy, at the
first meeting in January entertained
the members and visitors with an hour
of minstrelsy. There was an opening
chorus, address by Anna Lacy, the in
terlocutor; vocal solo, "There's No
body Just Like You," Mattie Farris;
recitation, "Just Supposing," Kittie
Whalen; song, "I'll Be Busy All Next
Week," Teresa Melbourne; duet, "My
Palm Leaf Maid," Miss Melbourne
and Miss Farris in costumes sent from
Honolulu by Mrs. E. Knox of Buena
Vista Parlor; finale, "Down -Where
the Cotton Blossoms Grow" by the
company. Miss Lacy proved an ad
mirable interlocutor and kent the end
people busy answering conundrums.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 1904.
18
ECHOES
FROM THE
LODGE ROOMBESSIE TANNEHILL, THE TIVOLFS NEW SINGER, WHO TELLS THE TRUTH ABOUT HER AGE, SAYS SHE IS NOT CLEVER ENOUGH FOR VAUDEVILLE, AND LIKES THE NEWSPAPERS, j
Nellie Lynch,* who is to succeed
Georgia O'Ramey as Fischer's leading
eoubrette, arrived here last week and
will rehearse for the piece that Is to
follow "The Beauty Shop." She was
GOSSIP CONCERNING
PERSONS AND THINGS
,. . ; KNOWN IN STAGELAXD
Dave Warfield is perhaps the only
idle actor In America whose idleness is
not compulsory. He closed his season
in "The Auctioneer" while the piece
'was attracting crowded houses and ex
plained that the abrupt ending of his
tour was due to the proceedings
brought by Joseph Brooks against Da
vid Belasco, which ended in the ap
pointment of a receiver for the suc
cessful play. As Mr. Warfleld refuses to
play any longer in the piece no re
ceiver will be necessary.
Brooks averred that he was a part
ner in "The Auctioneer," and Belasco
alleged that Brooks was not a part
ner in any sense, but that he was the
dummy of Klaw & Erlanger, to
whom, Belasco says, he had to give a
half interest In "The Auctioneer" in
order to have It booked by the syndi
cate agency. Mr. Warfleld has Issued
this explanation of his position:
"When I stated I would not play un
der the management of any one but
Mr. Belaeco I meant just what I said.
It was not a threat— simply my honest
conviction as to what was just and due
to the man who has made me a suc
cessful star. 'The Auctioneer! was Mr.
Belasco's own investment, every penny
of it. It was he who conceived the
idea of starring me in a play of this
character. From this man Brooks I
have received nothing, nor have I from
Klaw & Erlanger, who are Mr. Be
lasco's partners in 'The Auctioneer.'
"The manner in which they became
partners will be shown and proved
when this case comes into cdurt for
trial. They refused to give Mr. Belasco
bookings until he had surrendered 50
per cent of the concern. I was an un
made star then, and Mr. Belasco was
not In the position of power which he
holds to-day. We had to divide.
"But of the profits which Klaw &
Erlanger have made from the man
agers with whom they have booked the
attraction, neither Mr. Belasco nor I
have received one penny from our
partners. < As for Brooks, he has never
had even! carfare from our end, unless
Klaw & Erlanger have been more lib
eral to him than to us.
"The trouble and annoyance which
th!s whole affair has caused me have
made me 111. But, sick or well, I abso
lutely refuse to play in 'The Auction
eer' for" any one but my "own manager,
David Belasco. I defy Erlanger, as he
hopes to emerge unscathed from some
of his own Western troubles, to deny
that he and Klaw and not Brooks, are
the real- partners of Belasco in my tour.
"He told me so with his own lips,
when the New Amsterdam Theater
was building last summer. He asked
me to come and see how the founda
tions were getting on. And when I
funked, before crossing a rather rick
ety-looking plank, he said, 'I won't let
you get hurt, old man. Remember, I
own CO per cent of you.' When Klaw &
Erlanger hand over our share of the
profits they have made on the side,
through booking my play, I will go on
with the tour if my health permits." ¦
ACTOR DAVID WARFIELD
VOLUNTARILY CLOSES
A PROFITABLE SEASON
"That's easy. Comic opera is as
much in demand as it ever was, but -it
looks as if the librettists and composers
are played out. The field remains open,
but the goods are not delivered. All the
recent failures of comic opera were due
la the poor quality of the lines or the
music or both. There are no modern
Gilberts and Eullivans or Smiths and
De Kovens. The breed seems to be ex
tinct, and its p!ace has gradually been
taken by a race of Webers and Fields.
Look at 'Lady Mollie.' for instance. No
comic opera was ever so lavishly
staged or so intrinsically worthless, un
less it was 'The Fisher Maiden.' Both
pieces were started out at the begin
ning of this season, and both died early
and of the same disease — debility of
the book. The music wasn't so bad,
but the librettos were awful. I was in
the cast of 'The Fisher Maiden,* book
and lyrics by Arthur J. Lamb, a New
York Journalist, and score by Harry
Van Tilzer. Charlie Candee, who now
swings the baton over Fischer's or
chestra, was the music director, and
the music was all right. But the book
—well, may it rest in peace,"
"fio music and scenery are not the
"When away from the shop I hate
to talk shop, except to newspaper men,
who are likely to publish what I say.
Oh. you needn't try to conceal your
surprise. Of course I like to be noticed
by the newspapers. Why shouldn't I?
Attention from the press is eagerly
welcomed by every person In my pro
fession, although some of them are
snobbish enough to profess aversion
to it. Advertising is the life of the
theater. I know that and you know
thst— and we agreed to be candid." .
"So we did. And in the line of candor
I want you to explain why comic opera
is giving way to musical comedy and
extravaganza."
Nor was she. Her strong, reposeful
face was entirely guiltless of powder,
and her hair, parted in the middle and
lying flat, awakened memory of Mr.
Gillette as the Private Secretary. A
plain white shirtwaist and a skirt of
rough woolen material enveloped her
buxom figure.
"So without flying very wide of the
mark, you can describe me as late 30
or early 40 — never mind saying any
thing about fat and fair— and you
might add that I feel about 16. Now
let us proceed to less interesting mat
ters. What shall it be. your glorious
climate or the stage?"
"The stage, by all means."
"Of course I'm not going to state how
long I have been on earth, because
your readers would rot believe any
statement of that kind I might utter.
You may tell them, however, that I am
no pullet— that my son hes passed his
eighteenth birthday and my daughter
is close up to 16. If you want to do
any calculation on your own account
you mav look at me and guess. But
remember, I'm not made up for critical
inspection."
"In accordance with that policy,"
continued the New Tivoli's new favor
ite, "we will first tcke up the question
of my age."
This was also unlooked for, but sat
ipfactorv.
"A charminp subject, truly," she
laurhed. "But before we go any fur
ther let us agree to be candid with each
other and the dear public that is to be
enlightened by your report of the in
terview."
The suggestion was unexpected, but
acceptable.
"There goes that confounded bell
again— please excuse me!" exclaimed
Miss Bessie Tannehill as she sprang
from her chair for the third time in
about thrice as many minutes and has
tened to the telephone in her cozy clt
ting ror.rn. Fhe had previously
"darned" the tinkling summons and in
voked plague upon it. and when she
concluded her third conversation over
the wire the receiver was left dangling.
I've been out shopping this after
noon and it's storekeepers," she ex
plained, reseating herself, "but they
must wait awhile. Now we can chat
without interruption. What do you de
fire to talk about?"
"Yourself." I said.
presented "Im Welssen Roessl" on the
same stage several weeks ago. The
principal roles will be In the hands of
Adolph Schubert, Max Horwinskl Jr.,
Frieda Shanley. Josephine Lafontaine-
Neckhaus, Martha Plumhof, Theodore
S&ling, Richard Lenz and Josephine
Sherwln. Some special singing features
will be introduced and a dance typical
of the country In which the tavern is
situated will be presented by Josef
Toplack. and ElsaiKuehne.
"The Daughter of Josio," D'Annun
zlo's latest play, is booked for ten per
formance's in Milan, with Duse as the
heroine, Hermir.e. If it Is a success
Duse will tour the world with it.
Alma Stencel of New York made her
debut as a pianist January 7 in Vienna
In a Jan Kubelik concert and won the
praise of audience and critics. She
will accompany Kubelik on his Rus
sian tour.
Madame Antoinette Sterling, the no
ted contralto ballad singer, died in
London on January 10 after an illness
that began last October. Madame
Sterling— in private life Mrs. J. Mac-
Iclnley— was born in Sterlingvllle. N.
Y., and at the age of 17 she won favor
as a choir and concert singer In New
York. In 1873 she made her debut in
London and was so highly successful
that she was invited to sing at many
of the European courts. In the latter
years of her life she became deeply in
terested in temperance and evangeli
cal work, and at the time of her death
she was a vice president of the Wo
men's Christian Temperance Union.
Forbes Robertson is • rehearsing
"Hamlet." His brother Ian is now on
the way from London with the original
scenery and settings used by Mr. Rob
ertson at the London Lyceum.
» • a
Mrs. Le Moyne will read selections
from Browning during Lent. She will
not return to the stage until she ia
reasonably sure of having a play with
success in it.
Mrs. Gilbert fell on a stairway be
tween acts of "Mice and Men" in Wil
mington, Del., January 4, and broke
two of her teeth, besides cutting her
upper lip. The venerable actress com
mands wide sympathy for her mishap.
Mrs. J. Ogden Armour made the
members of the "Bluebeard" chorus
happy by paying their hotel bills, thus
enabling the unfortunate young wo
men to take their baggage with them
when they boarded the special train
which Klaw & Erlanger furnished to
take them back to New York City. The
bills for forty girls amounted to $564.
Fears for the timidity of audiences
have caused Hermann, the magician, to
cut out his transformation scene in
the last act of his performance for the
rest of the season. The transformation
scene consisted of wrapping a young
woman In rolls of paper and then set
ting fire to the bundle. The fire ap
parently burned the young woman
alive.
Sheridan Corbyn. superintendent of
the Actors' Fund Home on Staten Isl
and and one of the last survivors of
the old-time traveling managers, died
at the home on the morning of Jan
uary 8 after a severe illness of only a
few days. He had long suffered from
Brlght's disease and chronic pleurisy.
and it was a sudden attack of the lat
ter malady that put a period to his life.
• • •
Among the well-known actors who
are out of employment this season may
be mentioned Amelia Blngham, Henry
Miller. W. J. Ferguson. Mrs. Le Moyne.
Margaret Anglin. Harry Woodruff.
Francis Carlyle. White Whittlesey. Jo
seph Holland, Madeline Beasley, Jessie
Mlllward, J. H. Gilmour, Horace Lewis,
William Collier, Hilda Spong, Bonnie
Maglnn, Fay Templeton and Thomas
Q. Seabrooke.
The Bcstonians have in rehearsal a
new opera, "The Queen of Laughter,"
by Ysabel De Witt Kaplan and S. Wil
liam Brady, two comparatively new
writers.
before last, and the throng of idle
actor folk in New York is augmented
almost daily. Over-production and the
Chicago theater horror are ascribed as
the main reasons for the failures.
• • *
Eight more road companies closed
their season for lack of business week
Lillian Russell, Peter F. Dailey and
Louis Mann are some of the former
Ftars thit . will accompany Weber &
Fields on their trip to this city next
March.
• • . •
The John Robinson Circus had the
unique distinction during the past sea
son of having a chaplain for the entire
tour. He was the Rev. William Sneak
of Peru, Ind., who has just returned to
his home, thoroughly delighted with his
experience. Mr. Sheak is known as "the
circus minister." He combined religion
and business by lecturing in the animal
tent and preaching to the members
of the company. Mr. Sheak Joined the
circus because he realized that It was a
field of labor that would offer him good
opportunities, and he is loud in his
praise of the circus people, for whom
he acted as guide, philosopher and
friend during a very long and pleasant
season.
Harry Corsc-n Clarke has leased the
New Empire Theater, Houston, Texas,
for his stock company.
Virginia Harned was taken ill during
a performance in Atlantic City and her
date in Trenton was canceled and the
company went to New York.
Robert Grau has brought suit for
libel against Weber & Fields, growing
out of the Incident relative to the Patti
engagement at the West End Theater.
Mr. Grau claims he was libeled.
The Isabella Rosati Caserini compa
ny of twenty harpists, brought to this
•country by Ted Marks, are now filling
vaudeville dates.
Margaret Anglin's name has been
mentioned in connection with Weber
& Fields as her managers, but there is
no truth In the report.
Timothy Daniel Frawley and his dra
matic company are touring South Af
rica and making money. Of all the
plays in the Frawley repertoire "Ari
zona" finds most favor in the Boer
country, probably because its charac
ters are more intelligible to the people
than are any of the others portrayed.
Frederick Warde and Louis James are
working up the coast with their necv
historical drama, "Alexander the
Great." The play is said to be more
melodramatic than classical.
Henry W. Savage will bring his Eng
lish grand opera company to the Pa
cific Coast "at the close of his present
•New York season. It is a big and bril
liant organization, with ah extensive
repertoire, carries an Italian and a
Wagnerlan conductor and a "technical
director" of the stage.
Mrs. Grace Davis and Mrs. Carroll
Nicholson will give a song recital on
the evening of February 2, at Stelnway
Hall. The programme is varied and
attractive.
Mme. Fabbri Mailer's seventy-second
birthday will be celebrated on the even
ing of January 29. when her friends will
give a complimentary benefit concert to
the veteran artist. As it will also be
the anniversary of Mozart's birthday
the first part of the programme will
be composed exclusively of his works.
Among those who will appear are Miss
Suzanne Nicotine Pasmore, Miss Lina
Wolff and Edward Lash man n, Mrs.
Florence Wyman Gardner, Miss Beth
Snow. Max von Borpsk, Miss Helen
Darling. Miss Elsa Tolon and F. Rem
brach. The orchestra will be under the
direction of S. Maurice Simon.
on the stage of the Iroquols Theater
in Chicago when the memorable holo
caust occurred and received injuries
which necessitated her removal to a
hospital, but she has entirely recovered
from the effects of her physical hurts
and mental shock.
"Als ich Wiederkam," a sequel tp
"Im Welssen Roessl" ("At the White
Horse Tavern"), is to be played in Ger
man this evening at the Columbia The
ater by. the ."same clever company that
The Chinese baby girl in the. infant
incubator continues to hold headline
honors at the Chutes. ;; ,
The Orpheum will present several
new and strong acts this afternoon and
evening and throughout the week.
"When Johnny Comes Marching
Home" shows no sign of losing attract
iveness at the Tivoll.
"David Harum," with W. H. Turner
In the title part, is announced to open
a week's run this afternoon at the
Grand Opera-house. •',i:;':~.
"Quo Vadis" is to be the bill this
week at the Central Theater, commenc
ing to-morrow evening.
"The Beauty Shop" has packed Fisch
er's Theater at every performance
since Its initial production two weeks
ago, and the advance demand for seats
Is said to be unabated.
"Mrs. Jack" will have its final per
formances at the Alcazar tMis after
noon and evening and is to be followed
to-morrow night by "The Masquerad
ers."
* * *
"A Chinese Honeymoon" comes with
high recommendation from the Eastern
cities to begin a two weeks' engage
ment at the Columbia Theater to-mor
row evening.
An exceptionally strong company is
to interpret Hall Caine's play, "The
Eternal City," to-morrow evening and
all the week at the California Theater.
BRIGHT ATTRACTIONS
ANNOUNCED FOR THE
liOCAL PLAYHOUSES
"That depends upon the gentlemen
who are providing musical comedy. If
their rivalry continues to lead to the
extravagance of production that caused
so many failures this season, they will
soon tire of the game, pool their is
sues and establish a common policy of
economic expenditure, just as the dra
matic and vaudeville syndicates have
done. Next season there is likely to
• be fewer and less expensive musical
comedies started on tour than was the
case this season, and consequently
there will be less work for performers
and a better prospect of steady em
ployment for those who are engaged."
"How do you like the Tivoll?"
"The audiences are generous and. the
company lovely. Most of my stage
companions are old acquaintances.
Would you believe that Ferris Hart
man coached me in the first comic
opera part. I ever attempted? It was
In Duluth, while the Hanlan-Courtney
boat race was in preparation, and the
town was jammed with visitors. We
got up a performance of 'The Mikado,'
and Ferris managed the stage and
played Koko. I was cast for Pitti-
Slng."
"The Hanlan-Courtney race took
place in the year eighteen eighty"—
"Goodness gracious! Can't we get
along without resurrecting the prob
lem of my age? I move we adjourn."
Motion carried with reluctance.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
"To the fact that the musical comedy,
musical farce nnd musical burlesque
are giving the very features that made
vaudeville so attracthe a decade ago.
In the musical comedy you get all sorts
of 'specialties,' and they are equipped
with scenic and choral and orchestral
accessories that the regular vaudeville
house does not and probably cannot
present."
"So you believe that musical comedy
will wax as vaudeville wanes?"
nasts and the Jugglers were the only
performers."
"To what do juu OB»"lbe this going
backward?"
"Right you are. Harry Bulger is now
the leading comedian In 'Mother Goose'
in New York, and Sherry Mathews is
an incurable paralytic in an Eastern
sanitarium. After leaving San Fran
cisco he married Norma Whalley— you
remember the statuesque Norma, of
course— and now she is in London and
suing for a divorce. If lynching were
legal, and Norma — but please omit that,
even if we are candid."
"Too late— an agreement is an agree
ment, you know."
"Well, I didn't say all I was going to
say, anyhow. But I guess it's safer to
talk about one's self than to discuss
other people. Let's stick to strict auto
biography."
"You married Mr. Tannehlll "
"Yes, Ed Tannehlll— not old Frank.
For gracious sake, don't confound me,
as so many newspaper men have done,
with old Mrs. Frank. After the death
of Mr. Tannehill there was a long pe
riod of widowhood and then I became
the wife of — well, never mind his name.
He la not an actor, and he is at the
head of my home In New York. That's
all 1 can think of about myself that
would be at all Interesting to the folk
you are going to write for."
"Then we'll go back to the stage.
What is the future of vaudeville?"
"That can only be answered by the
opulent and clever gentlemen who are
conducting the destinies of vaudeville
in America. Its what they devise, and
not what the public demands, that the
public will get. I don't know what the
conditions are in this part of the coun
try, but in the East there has been a
gradual change in the general make-up
of the vaudeville show from what it
was five years ago. Good acts— that Is,
genuine vaudeville turns— are scarcer
than they used to be, because the per
formers can do better In Europe. And
there is also an evident elimination of
the short dramatic sketch that had such
vogue not long ago. It looks to me as
if vaudeville is going back to where it
sprang from, the old time variety show
that society did not flock to patronize
and in which the knock-about team,
the serio-comic singer, the innumerable
dialecticians, the acrobats, the gym-
"Oh, it will come, all right, and I'm
on the lookout for it. . But that it is
not likely to come for another twelve
month, at least, is one of the comfort
ins: reflections I derive from looking at
my contract with the Tivoll manage
ment. Mr. Leahy seems to be rather a
shrewd person, and if he saw a pos
sibility of my becoming senile within
fifty-two weeks he would not have en
gaged me for that period at a salary
suggested by myself."
"So you have been on the stage since
you were 7 years of age?"
"I thought we had disposed of the
question of my age, but if you are ang
ling for autobiography I can fill all the
blank pages of your notebook with it.
Or shall I make it brief?"
"To quote the dominant phrase of a
play now running to large and bewil
dered audiences, 'it's up to you. 1 '.'
"I don't know v.hat drama you allude
to, but here's the summarized story of
my life: Began theater work as an
infant phenomenon in the city of St.
Louis and have been at it £vcry season
ever since. Went to Colorado with my
parents In 1876 and played child and
Ingenue with Nick Forrester's stock
company in Denver and the mining
camps until I became big and old
enough to personate grown-ups, and
then I commenced what might be
termed my real professional career.
Played under the management of Rich
& Harris in 'Evangeline,' was with
Hoyt & Thomas in their farce comedies
a number of seasons, and for the last
ten years or so have been identified
with as many enterprises. Was here
three years ago with Dunne & Ryley's
comedians when they played the Hoyt
pieces at the California Theater for
three months—"
"Mathews and Bulger were with that
company?"
my dears, till the public hints that it
does not like me, and then I'll be with
you as long as I live."
"May the hint never come."
"Do you mean Patti?"
"I mean any one who Is a hasbeen.
Of all the women who have achieved
distinction behind the footlights there
is only one I can now think of who
showed good sense. That is Lotta. She
is the wisest of them all, for she
stopped work before she became stale
and still has the world guessing as to
whether ehe is yet able to compel Its
handclaps. She retired while the world
was at her feet, and she is remem
bered only as a great artist Such re
membrance is worth winning, even at
the sacrifice of deserting the stage. I
love the stage — have been on It since
I was 7 years old— but just as soon as
I see the first symptom of the public
tiring of me, or even lessening Its de
mand for my services. I shall go home
and stay there. Thank heaven, I have
a home to go to, although it may not
be as luxurious an establishment as
eome of those which have been aban
doned by tfcelr avaricious chatelaines.
A good husband and a pair of the dear
est children on earth are constantly so
liciting me to stay at home all the year
'round, but I say to them, 'Just wait.
"And the applause of that certain
class was prompted by pity instead of
admiration. Now, there's another thing
I want to talk about — this thing, of
clinging to the stage after you have
lost your artistic attractiveness."
"Please let It go at that. Do you
mean to say that Pauline Hall, for in
stance, made as big a hit in vaudeville
as did the acrobats or the trained dogs
or the knockabout comedians?"
"With a certain class she did."
"But other women have stepped out
of comic opera into vaudeville and
won plaudits."
"How many of them?"
"Well, there's Jessie Bartlett Davis
and Camille D'Arville and Pauline Hall
and "
"No; candor. I honestly believe that
no sane manager of vaudeville would
offer me stage-room if he knew what
I know. Put me on any stage with a
bunch of good people and I'll make
good In any character comedy part, but
set me up before an audience and ex
pect me todo an acceptable "single turn*
for fifteen or twenty minutes and you'll
soon *nd yourself provoked to throw
things at me. No, sir; no vaudeville
for me. The educated pig or the elastic
limbed lady would make me look like
thirty cents in comparison."
"Nonsense!"
"Too lazy — that is, for vaudeville as
it is operated on the Eastern circuits,
where each house gives two or three
shows a day. Gracious knows I find
it toil enough to don the makeup once
a day. Two matinees a week is a great
trial to me. And here is another con
fession — we're still candid — that you
may make public: I don't think I'm
clever enough to succeed in vaudeville!"
"Never. I have had several enticing
offers to appear as a 'headliner,' but
rejected them."
"You considered vaudeville beneath
your art?"
"Not on your life. No such consider
ation influenced. The truth is— we're
candid, "you know — I'm too lazy for
vaudeville."
"Too lazy?"
only essentials to operatic success now
adays?"
"Ko, siree. The American people are
not uproarious sticklers for cleverness
of plot, intricacy of situations or bril
liancy of dialogue, but they do insist on
having something intelligible in those
lines. In other words, you can't make
a comic opera out of scenery, costumes
and music. In so-called musical
comedy the public is less exacting, be
cause so-called musical comedy is sim
ply connected vaudeville, and some
times the connection is not very close.
In a comic opera you must stick to
your story and make your music illus
trative of your theme. In a musical
comedy you may have two or three
stories running alternately, or no
stories at all, and your music is all
right, so long: as it is 'catchy.' You are
at liberty to interpolate at will."
"Speaking of vaudeville, have you
ever tried it?"
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 2±, 1904.
19
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLKsisted by the Misses Elizabeth and
Marian Huntington, in honor of the
fair debutante, Miss Helen Bailey.
The affair was delightfully appoint
ed, , and over sixty guests were enter
tained.
What a royal time these young folk
have! It is one of the flowerets ot
youth- ' 's effervescence. :' : ~
¦ • ' •. '..•
Speaking of private balls, there are
quite a few on the < .rds for the fu
ture. There is the Borel ball on the 1
27th," the Homer S. King ball on the
28th, the dance to be given by
Mr. and Mrs. Barry Coleman
on . the 26th in- honor of Miss
being manifested by many of -our so
ciety folk in the new Naval Clubhouse
in Vallejo. Now, this project is a spe
cial protege of women who have had
ample opportunity- to know the needs
of .the sailor laddies. , ;•= V>
This clubhouse is now raised to the
point of actuality, but the funds to pay
for it are somewhat nebulous; ; Hence
the assemblage , at ¦ the Richelieu on
Tuesday last to discuss ways and
means. .
v Forty thousand dollars is needed to
complete the structure and to furnish
it, after which it will become self-sup
porting from the revenue derived from
the "jackles" who are oh shore leave.
THREE OF SAN FRANCISCO'S MOST CHARMING MATRONS, WHO
ARE DEVOTED TO THEIR LITTLE ONES AND YET HAVE AM
PLE TIME TO DEVOTE TO SOCIAL DUTIES.
"best" — can be amply demonstrated by
an offhand roilcall of the society wom
en of San Francisco who have fulfilled
their roles of hostesses with a charm
and distinction all their own — gay even
as the gayest — but who at the "chil
dren's hour" are wiih their babes in
the nursery, telling tales of "Goodla,
Gowdla,** and kissing to slumber the
precious pink parcel of soul and body
confided to them by the Heavenly Fath
er. Perhaps the young mother Implants
that kiss in her evening gown— but
what more beautiful vision in the years
to come can the little lad or maiden
hold than of his mother. with her
gleaming white shoulders, her spark
ling eyes and a sweet, cheerful, ex
pectant smile, in her brilliant evening
robe? I seriously question the Impres
sion left upon the child's mind at the
close of day, when his mother's tired
and nooeless face reflects the cares
that beset her. The mind of
the child is like unto our own; we
love the bright, the cheerful, the viva
cious, and the law underlying this uni
versal preference of mankind is not
far to seek. We all turn to the sun
shine, be it physical or personal, by a
natural law. And when a unit of the
human race, or even of the lower verte
brates, refuses the sunshine, literal or
figurative, he is lost — lost in the black
forest of pessimism. And. of course.
What a furor ' Mr. and Mrs. Peter
duties according to her capabilities—
which are infinite. And, 1 while it is
true that there are shirkers in this most
blessed capacity, it is distinctly the
fault of nature — not of social obliga
tions. Those women who shirk their
duties of motherhood would occupy ex
actly the same relation to their children
were they the occupants of dingy, alleys
on the South Side. It Is instinct, com
bined with intelligence, that makes
perfect motherhood, and with the so
ciety girl, who has poise, born of study
and travel, free-visioned as to the fu
ture, and nurtured daily with fresh
happenings, why would she not make
an ideal mother?
To be sure, she would never fill the
roll of the sock-darning mother of ye
olden day, but she will keep nearer to
her husband's pace, and will grow up
with her children as their companion
and their confidante, and herein she
fulfills her destiny.
By your leave, I think the affirmative
has won the case.
This is one of the prerogatives of the
pen — to give no quarter to one's ad
versaries. Besides, what's the use in
"arguing" with a' woman? Like some
of those Revolutionary sires of * ours—
they don't know when they are beaten.
That was a brilliant dinner given last
week by Miss' Susanne Blanding at the
University Club in honor of Miss Ber
nie Drown .and her fortunate fiance,
Samuel Hort Boardman. It was a
smart" set of young people that sat
down to -the gracefully decked board.
Among the guests were Miss Drown,
Mr. and Mrs. T. Danforth • Boardman,
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander D. Ke'yes, Mr.
and Mrs. Silas H. Palmer, Dr. and Mrs.
Earl E. Brownell, Miss Lena Blanding,
Miss Newell Drown, Miss Stella Kane,
Miss Cadwallader, Miss Charlotte El-
The performance at the Alhambra
is to be given by the sailor laddies
themselves and is said to be brimful
of zest and ginger. As those qualities
go to make good sea defenders it is safe
to assume they are part of the mental
make-up of the young sailor lads. And
that they won't play to scant benches
is now assured.
Among the women who have the suc
cess-of the' Alhambra affair close at
heart are primarily Mrs. Bowman Mc-
Calla (who secretly has been a con
tributor to the fund now on hand), Mrs.
Abby M.Parrott, Mrs. William S. Te
vis, Mrs. Norman McLaren, Mrs. Wil
liam G. Irwin. Mrs. Ralph C. Harrison
and Mrs. Frederick G. Sanborn.
The officials are: , Chairman, Mrs.
Bowman G. McC&lla; vice chairman,
Mrs. Eleanor Martin; secretary, Mrs.
George Oulton; assistant secretary,
Mrs. Charles Coolidge; treasurer, Mrs.
Herbert A. Folger; assistant treasurer,
Miss McCalla; directors, Mrs. William
S. Tevi3, Mrs. W. G. Irwin, Mrs. Ar
thur MacArthur, Mrs. Monroe Salis
bury and Mrs. Horace Hill.
Among those who attended the Rich
elieu meeting were Mrs. John Evelyn
Page, Mrs. Franklin K. Drake, Mrs.
Pelham Ames, Mrs. John F. Swift, Mrs.
James Monroe Goewey, Mrs. L. L. Dun
bar, Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mrs.
Hughes, Mrs. George Oulton, Mrs. F.
G. Sanborn, Mrs. Herbert Folger, Miss
Beaver, Mrs. J. L. Moody, Mrs. Ralph
C. Harrison and Mrs. Florence Pflngst.
All success to the Sailor-lads' Home!
That the cause is a splendid one for
the *nental and moral development of
our sailor lads is unquestioned, when
the pitfalls laid everywhere for their
landlegsrare considered.
Now, - that funds may be raised,
there will be a concert on Tuesday
afternoon at the Columbia Theater,
where some clever music will be dis
pensed by clever people, including the
famous Spamer.and Miss Bessie Ames,
during which time — or between times
— the boxes and seats for the perform
ance at the Alhambra Theater on Feb
ruary 3 will be auctioned, and no ad
mission fee.
On Monday a card party was given
by Mrs. Charles A. Coolidge of 2800 Van
Ness avenue that * proved j a delight ta
the assembled guests, and especially to
those ..' who . bore" off the trophies . tri
umphantly. Mrs.' j Coolidge's guests
were: Ttfrs. George Gibbs; Mrs. Theo
dore Kane, who is visiting Mrs. George
Gibbs and is the wife of Admiral Kane
of the. navy (retired); Mrs. Daniel
Kane, Mrs. Arthur Holland, Mrs. Tril
ley, Mrs. Glass, Mrs. Andrews, Mrs.
Devol. Mrs. Sargent of Monterey, Mrs.
Brechemin, Mrs. Smedberg, Mrs. Mor
ris , Foote, A Mrs. Mclvor. Mrs. Sanno,
Mrs. ; Youngr, Mrs. Andrews of the Pre
sidio and Miss Dollie . Andrews.
Mrs. Sanno, wife of General Sanno;
Mrs. Foote, wife of General Foote, and
Mrs. George Gibbs were the lucky
guests of the afternoon, making scores
that reflected much sagacity in their
The wedding ceremony was wit
nessed by these friends: Mr. and Mrs.
Julian Rlxford, Mrs. L. T. Rlxford, Mr.
and Mrs. E. H. Rixford, A. T. Rixford,
H. L. Rixford, Miss Katherine Rixford.
Dr. and Mrs. Rixford, Mrs. Sargent.
Mrs. Pringle, Mrs. Mezes, Mrs. Wynne,
Mr. and Mrs.* Edward Pringle, Mr. and
Mrs. H. C. Campbell, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Bull Pringle, Miss Cornelia Camp
bell, Miss Pringle, Miss Hess Pringle.
Miss Rixford, Miss Mildred -Halsey,
Sidney Pringle, Harry Campbell. Hal
sey Rixford, Allan Rixford. Philip and
Sidney Wynne, Covingtori Pringle, Mrs.
C. White, the Misses White, Mrs. F.
White, Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Baker, the
Misses Baker.. Dr.AV. Baker, Mr. and
Mrs. Alexander Swan, Francis Avery,
Miss Frances Reed; Mrs. W. W. Sar
gent'/ Miss Dugeia, Miss Linda Dugeia,
Mrs. A. McGhee, Mrs. Henry : Holmes,
Mrs. Reilly, Mrs. Nichols,- the Rev. W.
Maxwell Reill y. Bishop Nichols. Miss
Fay Breneman. Loring Rlxford, Mrs.
Loring Pickering and Miss Croudace.
The Rixford-Johnson wedding was a
charming affair on Monday last, and
while distinctly a family wedding it
was none the less ceremonial. The bri
dal pair^will, on returning from their
post-nuptial trip, depart for Europe,
where the bride will find much to inter
est her in the ateliers of Paris, where
she was, a few years ago, a most prom
ising student. Mr. Johnson is himself
something of a cosmopolite, having
spent many years on the Continent
wandering about. .
The coterie of artists in this «ity has
sustained a distinct loss at the depar
ture of Mrs. Johnson. •
llnwood, Miss Juliet Garber, Miss Em
ily Wilson, Miss Lucie King. Miss
Edith Simpson, Miss Ethel Cooper.
Miss Emily Carolan, Miss Helen
Chesebrough, Miss Marie Louise Par
rott, Miss Gertrude Eells, Miss Chris
tine Pomeroy, Samuel H. Boardman,
Dr. Harry L:-Tevis, William Page, John
Lawscn. Percy King, Philip Tompkins,
Frank Stringham, Burbank Somers,
Walter Bliss, Dr. Eugene Zeile, Gerald
Rathbone, George Whipple, Allen
Wright, Percival Williams. Lloyd Bald
win and Wilbur Burnett.
The hostesses, both girls of fine style
and personality, were gowned smartly.
Miss Constance wearing a dainty
frock of green crepe and Miss Ruth
a yellow taffeta.
The following ladles were present:
Mrs. Daugherty, Mrs. Charles M.
Dougherty, Mrs. Jabish Clement, Mrs.
Franklin Zane, Mrs. Charles M. Stone,
Mrs. Franklin Blake. Mrs. Hilda Mc-
Donald, Mrs. Duke Baxter. Mrs. C. W.
Tozer, Miss Emily Stone, Miss Jessie
Anderson, Miss Elizabeth Bender, Miss
Jessamine Young and Miss Hazel
Wiley.
Lieutenant Clarence Carrigan, U. S.
A., was host ttt a Jolly luncheon
at 'Kort Baker on Sunday, in honor of
Captain and Mrs. Spinks, who are here
from Baltimore on their way to Manila.
Those in the party were Captain and
Mrs. Spinks, Captain and Mrs. Cloke,
Miss Hazel King, 'Miss Edith Finley.
Miss Genevieve King, Miss Anna
Sperry, Miss Herrick, Captain E. T.
Wilson, Abbott W. Taylor and Captain
C. F. Armistead.
Did you know that Miss Florence
Callaghan, the fair fiancee of Vincent
de Laveaga, caught the bride's bouquet
at the wedding of Mrs. Andrew Welch?
Ah! How well the adage pursued Its
destiny!
Miss " Laura Sanborn entertained a
party of friends at dinner at her Oak
land home on Thursday last, among
whom were: Miss Florence White, Miss
Lillian Isaacs, Miss Marie English. Miss
Claire Chabot. Miss lone Fore, Arthur
Goodfellow, Fred Dieckmann. Denis
Diamond, John Sanborn, Herbert Lan
ders and Edward Aikea.
* One of the most elaborate luncheons
of the season was that of Miss Ruth
and Miss Constance Kirkpatrick,
given on Wednesday in the conserva
tory room at the Palace.
The room was hung with baskets of
trailing vines and feathery green,
while daffodils and maidenhair rose
from burnished vases on the table.
The namecards bore the yellow blos
soms of springtime, and In tone with
them were the shades on the can
delabra.
selection of the right cards.
• • •
Such a lunching week! There really
were luncheons enough to have kept
our army post in rations for a week.
One of the most elaborate was that
of Mrs. Ritchie Dunn at the University
Club in honor of her sister-in-law, Mrs.
Harry Macfarlane.
Such a pretty reminiscence of the
island home of the wanderer as was
the soft, sinuous, sighing music of the
Hawaiians — yes, and the leis of violets,
sweetly redolent of the comlns spring!
Mrs. Dunn entertained thirty-five for
mer friends of her fair guest, among
whom were Mrs. William J. Dalton.
Mrs. Frank Bates, Mrs. James Costi
gan, Mrs. William Thomas, Mrs. Ida
Lewis, Mrs. Hilda Baxter, Mrs. Burns
Macdcnald, Mrs. Dean, Miss Jennie
Blair, Miss Maye Colburn, Miss
Eleanor Warner. Miss Amy Porter,
Miss Frances Harris, Miss Daisy
Burns, Miss Gertrude Dutton, Miss Jes
sie Fillmore, Miss Edith Cutter, Miss
Helen Davis, Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss
Grace Holt, Mrs. Augustus B. Costi
gan. Mrs. Frank Wilson, Mrs. Harry
Durbrow, Mrs. William H. Morrow,
Mrs. Malcolm Henry, Mrs. J. A. Robin
son, Mrs. Frank P. Deering, Mrs. Stan
ley Revett, Mrs. John C. Adams. Mrs.
Eugene Bresse, Mrs. Victor Lewis.
Mrs. Charles Krauthoff. Mrs. Grayson
Dutton, Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton and
Mrs. Lewis Pierce.
Resolved, That motherhood Is com
jiatible with social duties. Now, this
debate has a delicious advantage over
most of its discursive brethren in that
it has not been passed over to its an
taponists for dissection.
If there's anything a woman — or a
man, either, for that matter— hates, it
is to have some profound, self-accused
thinker take issue with her on her pet
predilection.- Now, that society women
make excellent mothers — I refrain from
straining my point by claiming the
you know what pessimism stands fox- —
well, it stands for a hurry call for the
family pill builder.
The young woman who has been
schooled in any of the fashionable
schools— or even public high schools or
universities — has sufficient poise to
guide her activities according to her
obligations. The exception is so rare
as not to jeopardize the rule.
Therefore, when the clever society girl
becomes a wife, and in logical sequence
becomes a mother, she fulfills her
BY SALLY SHARP.
RESOLVED,
THAT BATHER=
=GOOD IS COMPAT=
= IBLE WITH
SOCIAL DUTIES.
One of the foremost functions of the
week included the dance given by Mrs.
W. H. Huntington at her residence, as-
Martin have caused— Mrs. Martin, par
ticularly. San Franciscans have ever
had a predilection for the Martin boys,
and when one of them brings back a
bride we surely cannot be censured
for looking at her. "Is she as beautiful
as we have heard?" "Is she a good
dresser?" "Is she agreeable?" are all
the questions propounded to those for
tunate enough to meet the young East
erner. To all,' I beg to reply in the af
firmative — she Is. Besides, she pos
sesses that finest of all personal pos
sessions—she possesses a distinctive
personality. And it is probably that
which has captivated Newport quite as
much as her beauty and style. It is to
be hoped that Mrs. Martin will dwell
among us for a \ time, until our smart
set has had the pleasre of meeting her.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin has not been in
the betet of health, else she would have
executed her original plan of entertain
ment for her beautiful daughter-in-law.
Last week she entertained informal
ly in her honor, however, and a memor
able afternoon was enjoyed by the fol
lowing: Mrs. Gaston Ashe, Mrs. Horace
Hill, Mrs. Inez Shorb White, Miss
Mae Coburn, Mrs. Walter Martin, Miss
Christine Pomeroy, Mrs. Mayo New
hall, Mrs. Shatter Howard, Mrs. George
Whittell, Mrs. Henry Glass, Mrs.
Frank Carolan, Mrs. Garceau, Mrs.
Hlnckley Taylor, Mrs. de Young, Mrs.
O. P. Evans, Mrs. McEnerny, Mrs.
Hyde-Smith, Mrs. A. H. Voorhies, Mrs.
George Boyd, Mrs. Richard Bayne,
Mrs. Cutter, Mrs. Coolidge, Mrs. Lewis,
Mrs. Malcolm Henry. Mrs.' J. de Barth
Shorb, Mrs. Homer King, Mrs. McNear,
Miss de Young, Miss Kate Dillon, Miss
Cadwallader, Miss Grace Martin" and
the Misses King.
What a delightful, vital Interest Is
The tea. given by Mrs. Austin Sper
ry last week was altogether a delight
ful affair. She was assisted in receiv
ing by Mrs. Horace Sperry, Mrs. Aus
tin Sperry Jr.; Miss Mary Sperry and
Miss Beda Sperry, who extended a
gracious hospitality to several hundred
guests.
The decorations were confined to
the ripe, rich shades of red and green
with fine effect. The following as
sisted In receiving: Mrs. Andrew Simp
son, Mrs. A. M. Simpson, Miss Edith
Simpson, Miss Margaret Simpson of
Stockton, Mrs. Lloyd Baldwin, Mrs.
John Flournoy, Miss Buckingham,
Miss Grace Baldwin, Mrs. Bradford
Leavitt, Mrs. E. T. Allen, Miss Can
field, Miss Alice Hauks, Miss Lillian
Field, Mrs. Milton Andrews and Mrs.
James Hogg. ,
Among the numberless young- society
matrons whose social affairs have never
been permitted to interfere with their
sweeter duties of motherhood are Mrs.
Jack Spreckels, Mrs. Lester. K. Wells,
Mrs. Mark Gerstle, Mrs. Samuel Short
ridge — and beginning to enumerate
them is really bewildering— and they all
reign quite as royally in the ballroom
as in the nursery. Lucky babies! Yes,
and lucky husbands— likewise ¦ lucky
friends. '; ; -r-v
Lucy GwinColeman and Miss Chris
tine Pomeroy, and the informal dance
given by Mr., and Mrs. -Ai Chese
brough and their debutante daughters,
the Misses Edith and Helen, on Feb
ruary 3 at their home on Clay street ;
and last, but assuredly not 1 least, the
ball at the Palace on February 12 by
the gracious Ned Greenway. And this
is . where the debutantes shine. Ah,
happy debutantes!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1904.
20ACTUAL RULER OF CHINA,
WHO WILL F'lGHT TO RE
TAIN MANCHURIA.
Continued on Page 22, Column 3.
Continued on Page 22, Column 1»
* Continued on Page 23, Column 4.
PARIS, Jan. 24.— The correspondent
of the Journal at Rome telegraphs to
his paper that Pope Pius is still worry
ing over the manner of his election and
may shortly retire.
Says Pope Pius May Retire.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— The second
trial of Isaac N. Rayner, a former ex
aminer of chemicals and drugs in the
United States Appraiser's store,
charged with conspiracy to defraud the
Government In 'the importation of
drugs by false appraisals of invoices,
resulted in a disagreement to-day. The
first jury also disagreed.
Disagreement In Rayner Trial.
Eraba^ador EfnckcndorfT Lays Stress
Upon This Feature of Contention.
LONDON. Jan. 22.— The Russian
Embatrsador. Count BenckendorfT.
when questioned as to the truth of
the rumor that the reply of Russia to
Japan -tvas sent from St. Petersburg
yesterday, said:
"It is rot true; I have not yet re-
MAXCH L1SI A TH E ISS UE.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 23,— S. ' F.
Decker, at present assistant general
passenger agent of the Southern. Pa
cific, will ; become general 'agent v of the
passenger department on' February 1,
and will be succeeded by * Assistant
Passenger Agent F. E. Batturs of San
Francisco. ' ',
Southern Pacific Official Will Be at
Head or Passenger Department
Next Month.
ASSISTANT AGENT
DECKER IS PROMOTED
ALLENTOWN, Pa., Jan. 23.— The
Jury in the case of Mrs. Catherine
Bechtel, charged with having been an
accessory before the fact in the murder
of her daughter Mabel, a shop girl, to
day returned a verdict of not guilty.
MRS. BECHTEL ACQUITTED
BY THE JURY'S VERDICT
BLOOMINGTON, 111.. •. Jan. 23.—
Senator U. J. Albertson of Pekin, who
Is one of the leading Republicans of
Central Illinois, to-day received his
credentials from Senator Mark 'Han
na as 6ergea: * at arms of the Repub
lican National Convention at Chicago!
He announced his acceptance of the
post. J ' . : -., : • /
Hanna Selects Sergeant ;.t Arms.
DOUGLAS, Ariz., Jan. 23.— One of the
greatest gold strikes ever made in this
section is reported in the Santa Rosa
district, about fourteen miles from
Douglas. It consists of a. ledge about
six feet- wide having fifteen inches of
pay streak. It contains wire gold and
runs thousands of dollars in free gold.
It is believed this will be one of the
greatest mining districts of the entire
West.
Remarkable Strike of the Precious
Metal is Reported Fourteen
Miles From Douglas.
WIDE LEDGE OF GOLD
DISCOVERED IN ARIZONA
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.-— William J.
Bryan, in an Interview here to-day,
made the following statement as to
the Democratic nomination for Pres
ident:
"No man who voted for Palmer and
Buckner will be nominated."
the Blacklist.
Places AH Supporters of Palmer on
BRYAN ISSUES AN UKASE.
their not having -had experience In
losses and gains, as have the British
and other, foreign financiers, then It
will remain for the latter to take up
the plans for the greater development
of the Philippines.
"We have some American capital al
ready invested In Island railroad pro
jects. One is headed by a Mr. Swift
of Detroit, who with a number of as
sociates is building an electric street
railway, which will gridiron the city of
Manila and is expected to form the
nucleus for other lines that will result
in a suburban system connecting the
city with all the neighboring town3.
British capital Is now involved in a
scheme to build two branches to the
Manila and Dagupan Railroad, which
Is 120 miles long, connecting the two
points after which the road is named.
One of the new branches will be thirty
five miles in length and the other thirty
miles. *
"Some time ago Secretary Root
caused a survey to be made, for two or
three trunk lines on the island of Lu
zon, with the hope that American capi
talists would accept the opportunity af
forded them for what appeared a splen
did investment, -Luzon, however, is not
the only Island that offers a chance for
railroad' building. ¦
"On any of the smaller islands there
is need of short railways, and a profit
is assured those that will undertake
.their construction."
. Asked if the Philippines were show-
Governor W.- H. Taft : had hardly set
foot on the Blocum headed for. the* Oak
land mole .before he was the center of
the assembled newspaper correspond
ents, with whom he" freely discussed the
conditionslh the Philippines existing
when he left there. ' Never before, said
he, 'had the conditions of the people
been better than now, and he expressed
a doubt as to whether during the many
years of Spanish reign over the islands
suclrta degree of tranquility existed as
at the present time under the govern
ment of the United States. .
. "During. th» last year," remarked
Governor Taft, "great work has been
done toward 'the extermination of the
roving bands of marauders, and all the
principal parts of the islands are per
fectly peaceful and safe to the traveler.
What we are looking for now Is greater
railroad construction, and It looks as
if .'.this .will be obtained. The. Islands
are seeking to encourage ihvesttment
of American capital, and right here I
would. like to say that stories that have
apparently ( emanated from Philippine
sources to the effect that the^Philippine
Government is opposed to American en
terprises are wholly,, without founda
tion. English and Belgian capitalists
have already shown their willingness to
foster 'various . big enterprises . In the
islands," especially new- railroad under
takings.; ...
AMERICAN CAPITAL WANTED.
"It would-be more preferable to have
American capital behind these projects,
but'if the Americans are too occupied
at home or are a bit afraid, owing to
NEW T.OR'k. Jan. 24. — Four
alarms, were sounded after midnight
for a fire that is burning in eight
buildings on Broadway, near Spring
street At 5 o'clock the fire appears
to be under control. The loss is es
timated to be about $250,000. The
buildings are occupied by a number
of firms, principally in dry goods,
from 540 to 548 Broadway.
HARTFORD, Conn., Jan. 24. — Fire
started at 1 o'clock this morning in
the four-story block at Main and
Kinsley streets. In ten minutes the
structure was a roaring furnace.
Fourteen persons on the upper. floors
were rescued by firemen. The block
was destroyed and an eight-story
building was , partly destroyed. Loss
$200,000.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex.. Jan. 24.—
Wolfson's retail dry goods store
caught fire shortly after midnight and
is a total loss. The stock was valued
at more than $333,000.
Tells of Pacification and HeveU
opmentofthe Islands.
MAN WHO WILL' SUCCEED, BLIHU ROOT AS SECRETARY OF WAR,
MEMBERS OF HIS PARTY, AND ARMY OFFICERS WHO WEL
COMED HIM HOMEFKOM THE PHILIPPINES.
Fire Rages in Eight
Broadway Busi
ness BiocKs.
NEW YORK
BUILDINGS
IN FLAMES
At this end of the trip the transfer
ring from the steamship to the train
was placed entirely In the hands of
Major C. A. Devol, quartermaster of
the army transport service. His ar
rangements were complete In every de
tail and passed off without a hitch..
NO EXCITEMENT EVIDENT.
There was no hurry, no excitement,
no rush. Everything was as smooth as
possible, and considering that the tim«*
was limited and the .duties arduous the
plans of Major Devol were more than
equal to the emergency. Long before
the Korea was sighted a fleet of small
tugs was dancing around the waters of
the bay awaiting her arrival. The Slo
cum- went some distance outside the
heads, but later came back and lay In
shelter, near. Fort Baker until the
steamship was sighted, and then tne
.little fleet dropped into line and so soon
as the Korea came to anchor they sur
rounded her. As soon as the Slocum
was made fast the reception commit
tee, composed of Colonel George An
drews, representing General MacAr
thur;' Major Parker W. West, and to
General MacArthur; Major Devol, Dr.
Cummings. Colonel Pippy. representing
Governor Pardee; "VV.B. Hamilton, dep
uty collector of customs; Professor Ber
nard Moses and Lieutenant Thomas L.
Governor W. H. Taft, the newly ap
pointed Secretary of War, arrived from
the Philippines on the Korea at 9:05 a.
xn. yssterday. and at 10:30 a. m.. just
one hour. and twenty-five minutes after
his arrival,, he was speeding away to
Washington on the Pullman car Scylla.
He returns . home in -fine health and
spirits, full. of. life and vigor and ready
to meet and cope with the big questions
he will be called upon to, consider so
soon as he takes up the new duties that
will devolve upon him when he takes
his seat In the Cabinet on February 1.
He possesses an easy, affable, dignified
manner. and a commanding appearance.
His likeness to G rover Cleveland is a
matter, of general comment. His eye is
bright and kind and he was quick to
take in every situation as he landed
yesterday.
¦The Korea did not arrive as early aa
expected, but she did arrive In the time
that her commander. Captain Seabury,
announced to Governor Taft as they
sailed out of Honolulu harbor. "I will
take you- to - the Golden Gate by 9
o'clock on the day of January 23," said
Seabury, and ha kept his word. The
Korea was plowing the waters of the
Golden Gate before 9 a. m., and just at
9:05 dropped her anchor off the quaran
tine station. ' j x ' ;
The alarm was at once given * and
searching parties were sent out. The
government forest rangers aided In the
search, and several friends of the young
man went out from this city. The
Sespe Hot Springs are in an almost in
accessible section of the mountains.
They are the property of Mrs. Radford,
mother of the young man, and were
lately acquired from the Government.
VENTURA, Jan. 23.— After a search
extending over a period of six days the
remains of Harry Radford were found
to-day in Johnsons Canyon, a rough
and precipitous gorge, ten miles from
the Sespi Hot Springs.
The body was found by Thomas and
William Harris, miners of that section
and expert mountaineers. It was on
the rocks at the base of a cliff, whither
it had fallen. A bullet hole In the neck
showed that death had been caused
probably by the accidental discharge of
the man's ~ rifle.' The indications are
that the injury was received before the
body fell from the cliff.
It Is supposed that Radford was fol
lowing a deer, and in falling or stum
bling received the wound. He had been
missing since last Monday and search
ing parties had been scouring the hills
for him since. that time. With a com
panion, Barney Mowrey, he had gone
Into camp at the springs beyond Fill
more, a distance of thirty miles. Mow
rey had to go back to Fillmore, leaving
Radford alone. On his return Radford
could not be found.
Br*rtal Dispatch to Th« Oil.
William H. Taft
a Passenger on
the Korea.
Ventura Youtli's Body
Found in the
Mountains.
WOUNDED
BOY FILLS
FROM CLIFF
There are thirty-three Democrats In
the Senate and 176 in the House. The
Call correspondent saw ninety-nine.
Of these sixty-two declared against
Bryan's self-imposed leadership; four
said they were for doing what Bryan
was advising; "thirty-three declined to
express an opinion.
The West tells the sante story. Even
the silver States abandon sixteen to
one. Senator Newlands, who was a
member of the platform committee in
1900 and whose vote kept in the Kan
sas City platform a reafflrmation of
the Chicago platform, now throws the
Nebraskan overboard. Senator Du
bois of Idaho does likewise.
Other silver States give him no
encouragement. Senator Teller of
Colorado, who gave up more to the
cause of free silver than Bryan did,
because he le,ft the Republican party,
of which he had been a distinguished
member, now refrains from saying a
word to advance Bryan's policy of
retrogression. All of his old mountain
friends stand amazed at the position
he has assumed.
In the Middle West the Democratic
Congressmen Interviewed are general
ly opposed to reviving the sixteen to
one issue.
This was "disclosed to-day when The
Call caused Democratic members of
Congress to be interviewed. They were
especially questioned about the dictum
laid down by Bryan in recent inter
views and speeches that the Chicago
and«Kansas City platforms must be
reaffirmed at St Louis and that the
reorganizers of the party must be kept
at the rear, because, having bolted the
ticket when he was a candidate, they
are not to be considered Democrats.
Democrats from all sections of the
Union declare the party would not
follow Bryan's leadership. They- are
looking for live issues and not dead
ones and say, "Sixteen to one Is as
dead as a smoked herring." They also
hold out the hope that, the party is
going to try something in the way of
a pla'tform which has not been so re
cently repudiated as the platform
Which Bryan % Is seeking to revive.
These views are expressed not only by
Democrats of the East, but iby Repre
sentatives and Senators who sincere
ly believed in Bryan and loyally sup
ported him In his two ill-starred cam
paigns. The South is very generally
against Bryan. Texas is against
Bryan's plan to exclude the reorganiz-"
ers and force sixteen to x>ne into the
platform again. It is against him al
most to a man.
Alabama, Georgia, North and South
Carolina all swing into line for ra
tional and wiser things. Their Repre
sentatives say it is time for Bryan to
stand aside. The veteran Senator
Morgan of Alabama declares Bryan Is
a dead politician and has no license to
tell Democrats what' their duty is.
Dozens of Southern members used the
words: "Free silver is dead."
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.—
Free silver is dead; so is William J.
Bryan as an important factor in the
next Democratic convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Even in the Nebraskan's Former
Strongholds Party Chieftains Have
Turned Against.Him. .
" "Nevertheless," adds the Rues, "for
eign poners must take into account the
-Russian occupation of Manchuria,
which, althouch it does not eliminate
•the authority of the Chinese Govern
.ment. places certain restrictions on the
•exercise of that authority which cannot
escape the notice of foreign representa
tives who wjph to enter into relations
' with the Chinese administration of that
province."
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 23.— The ne
.cessity of an exchange of views between
••Russia and the other powers interested
¦ regarding the application of their rights
-In Manchuria so as to avoid possible
•misunderstandings and harmonize the
.interests of Russia and the other pow
erfe in that province is emphasized in
'to-day's Russ. This paper says it learns
authoritatively that the fact that Rus-
Fia has recognized the inviolability of
the rights acquired by foreign powers
in Manchuria under existing treaties
has no connection with the ratification
of the commercial treaty between the
United States and China or the Japa
'neso-Chinese treaty. The Russ also de
nies that Russia has given her assent
to the ratification of these treaties, "be
cause as China is not a vassal state she
has perfect liberty to conclude any
treaty."
Doribt as to the Status of Powers'
Mancliurlan Rights*.
The- Admiralty authorities, answer
ing inquiries on the part of ship-own
ers, decline to define the rights of
neutral Fhips bound for Japan. Ship-
X*lner rates have advanced 100 percent
the last fortnight, otherwise
the traffic of foreign ships, especially
in Japanese coal, which is obtained by
indirect purchase, contimies normal.
The shipping authorities are consider
ing th» question of removing the non
.cc-mbatahts for whose transportation
fhips are In readiness.
. Otrir.g; to th«» disorder in the native
city among the coolies because the
government works have been stopped
large guards occupy all the streets
nightly.
JTEED OF AN* UNDERSTANDING
PORT ARTHUR, Jan. 23. — High
officials here say they believe -war or
peace will be decided upon within
twenty-four hours. After a confer
ence of the heads of all the depart
ments of the Manchurian administra
tion orders "were Issued that a list of
«very available army and navy reserve
man" In Manchuria be drawn up, as
well as a list of those indispensable for
the civil administration, which it is
Impossible to send to the front. It is
claimed that the reserves total S0.000
men.
The bulk of the Port Arthur fleet
is stationed Just outside the mouth of
the harbor. Naval and military stores
In unusual Quantities are being
bought on the condition of immediate
delivery.
Within Short Time.
Lssne of Peace or War to Be Decided
CRISIS IS ArPROAGHLVG.
"An extraordinary issue of the Ga
eette has been published containing an
Imperial ordinance approving the vari
ous coast defense regulations and for-
Mdding under stated penalties the nav
igation of private vessels, fishing within
specified areas or the carrying out of
marine work which might be inimical
to Japan's naval interests. The decree
is regarded as being highly significant."
Th? Kokumin Shimabun in a warlike
.editorial declares that the arrival or
non-arrival of Russia's reply does not
affect the situation, and says:
"Every hoi»e of securing the legitl-
Tnate demands of Japan diplomatically
has been abandoned, and the Govern
ment therefore Is compelled to take
fuch steps and to reserve to itself such
freedom of action as will insure per
petuaJ peace in the Far East."
LONDON, Jan. 22. — Confirming his
dispatch of yesterday eaying that the
Dowager Empress of China had decided
to fight at all costs fcr the freedom 'of
JIanchuria from foreign control, the
correspondent of the Globe at Shanghai
cays China has been given full reason
to depend en the armed assistance of
the powers for the maintenance of^the
Integrity of the empire, quite irrespec
tive of any action on the part of Japan.
A*dispateh to the Central News from
Tckio 6ays:
* PARIS, Jan. 23.— The Matin states
that, according to reliable news it has
obtained, the Japanese Government 13
preparing to land fcur divisions of
troops in Kcrea as a military demon
stration.
Result ol TDe Call's Poll of
Senators and Repre
sentatives.
Leaders Assert Free
Silver Is an Issue
No Longer.
China Looks to
Powers for As
sistance.
Great Military
Demonstration
to Be Made.
DEMOCRACY
REPUDIATES
BRYANISM
JAP AH PREPARING TO LAND
FOUR ARMY DWISIOWS ON
THE TERRITORY OF KOREA
VOLUME XCVp-XO. 55.'
,-«' THE WI&THEB.
Porecact made at San Tran
ciEco "fcr " thirty hour* ending
Eiiicisrht, January 34:
¦"^ S5an PrcnclBCO and vicinity —
Cloudy Sunday; light northerly
triads. A. G. SIcADIS.
District Forecaster.
THE THEATESS. .
Alcazar — "Sirs. Jack." JHa.Mae<
To-Day.
Central — "A Bowery Girl." Mat
inee To-Day. j/ t
Chutes — Vaudeville. Jlatinee To
' Day. I h- ?
Columbia— "Ala l<Dx I "Wleder
2=am." T " v *'
Fischer's — "Tlie Beauty > SUttpt'
Matinee To-Day. \ \
Granfl — "David Hank* Mati
nee To-Day. . \ *"* '
Orpheuxa — Vaudeville. » Matin r
To-Day. \ •
Tivoli — "When Johnny. '¦Come:
Marcnlnjr Home." V v
PRICE FlV£^£ENTS.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY; • JANUARY 24, 1904— PAGES. .21 TO 34.
GOVERNOR OF PHILIPPINES
ARRIVES FROM FAR EAST AND
HURRIES OM TO WASHINGTON
The San Francisco Call.The palmist is usually looking for a
hand out
Ifall is fair in love the blonde should
rejoice. •:;'; v^'-V-;
"Recent mention of the disappearance
of the $2 50 gold pieces from circula
tion and the Dremium this coin com
mands as a curio have set many to
rummaging in old pocketbooks and the
bottoms of cash boxes and drawers in
search of odd or out-of-date coins.
Some have found a $2 piece, but not
many. The 53 piece, one quite com
mon but always a sort of curiosity, is
oftener found, and many have speci
mens of the little gold coins represent
ing 25 and 50 cents, which were not
minted by the General Government and
probably have not so much Eold in
them as they represent. They used to
pass as coin, but were never in gen
eral circulation, being so easily lost
that they Boon became scarce.
One of the handsomest coin relics
eeen is a $10 cold piece bearinz the
mint stamr> of 179?. It is larger than
thc i-rfsent $10 gold piece. The ownsr
has it Mine in a band and wears it as
a charm on his watch chain. Tlie own
er says he refused an offer of $150 '/or
this lelic. The old octagonal $50 pieces
were quite common in California In
early days, when gold dust was largely
uped as a circulating medium. They
were made of pure gold, and while they
had not the elegant finish of the gold
coins minted by the Government In
those days, many still remember them
as the handsomest coin they ever saw.
Many people now would consider them
handsome on account of the $50 in
them. — Exchange.
Freak Coins Have Gone.
"Everything, my dear. If he's Scotch,
his name is a combination of 'muckle'
and 'a'do'; and 'muckle' means 'much.' "
"Now what are you driving at,
Andy?"
*'I. was thinking of the way a friend
of ours near Skibo pronounces the .title
of my favorite Shakespearean comedy,
He call3 it 'McAdoo About Nothin'."'
"For heaven's sake, don't work that
off publicly in Ne\y York. It would
never be appreciated— not even by the
Commissioner, and. we may wish to ask
him to dinner."— New York Mail and
Express. <¦ .
The Scotch varlet, Andrew Carnegie,
had finished reading the formal state
jment of the new Commissioner of Po
lice'of New York City. "McAdoo, Mc-
Adoo," he ruminated slowly. "Wonder
if he's Scotch?"
"What of it?" interposed Mrs. C.
Andrew Carnegie's Philology.
During the period he was confined
to the hospital tlie patient wa3 but
seldom unconscious, lie recognized
and conversed wil\ members of his
family • and friends and _ would fre
quently arise and walk about In his
room. Signs of dissolution were first
observed in .Purcell yesterday after
noon. He then lapsed into a state of
coma, from which he never rallied.
"When the demented athlete sought his
life he placed a revolver In his mouth
and pulled the trigger. The explo
sion worked terrible injury, loosening
the teeth and shattering the gums.
The lead slug passed through the
.brain cavity, coming out. about three
finches back of the center of the fore
-head. It was at first thought impos
sible for the patient to survive 'more
than a few hovrs, but Purcell's case
proved an exception, and when the
patient held his own for a week the
physicians * were much encouraged
and considered that he had an even
.chance for life.
Owing to the condition of i the un
•fortunate man's mouth he could take
only./ liquid food and this, militated
against him. ,
Deceased was a native of County
ALAMEDA, Jan. 23. — John Purcell.
once noted throughout this country
and Europe as an all-jound athlete,
passed away this morning at the Ala
meda Sanitarium from 'a ' bullet
wound through tho brain, self-in
flicted twelve days ago while tempo
rarily insane. His vitality,, consider
ing the nature of the wound, which
extended from the roof of the mouth
to the top of the skull, was regarded
as remarkable by the attending sur
geon?. Purcell was a man of mag
nificent physique and it was his
strength, the physicians say, that kept
him 9 live so long after his attempt
at suicide. . -
John Purcell, Xotcd Athlete, Dies
From Self-inflicted Injury.
SUCCUMBS TO HIS WOUND.
John Parker Bronk Dead.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Jan. 23. —
The death of John Parker Bronk. for
merly a prominent resident of Denver,
who was descended from the Prince of
Orange and also from James Bronk,
the original proprietor of the section
• "How longr did I cou't huh. how
long did I cou't huh?" replied the old
man, breaking into peals of laughter.
"I didn't cou't huh; she done cou't
me!" And then he went on as fol
lows, while the court sat spellbound:
"Jedge, th' fust two years uv mar
ried life wer like th' sunshine on th'
meddpw an' th' co'nfleld. Then came
th' rumblings uv th' sto'm. Th' clouds
done cum up an' th' wind do blow.
Der wer rustlin's an' raurmurin's, an'
th* sun an' th' moon done quit shin
in'. Den th' rain, dats th' teardraps.
an'th' thundred, dats th' rumblin' uv
huh voice, done knocked th' happiness
but uv our' lives. Now, Jedge, it's all
hail an' hell." — Lawrence (Kans.)
Gazette.
Uncle Patterso- sued his young
wife for divorce, and took the stand.
The court asked him: "How lone did
you court your wife?"
Marital Split in Kansas.
Tho deceased was a thorough busi
ness man and was well esteenjed by
his fellow-citizens. He was well known
about the city and had a large circle
of friends. He leaves a wife and seven
children to mourn his death, the chil
dren's names being "Beatrix, Gerald,
Nellie, Elaine, Ethel, Cla'risse and
George.
For the last year Lyons has been in
poor health and during the last month
he had been confined to his bed. He
passed away peacefully, with his fam
ily around him, at his residence, 2120
Central avenue.
Lyons was one of the pioneer busi
ness men of this city. He came from
London, where he was born, to San
Francisco twenty-five years ago and
entered the tailoring business. He con
trolled two stores, one at 721, Market
street and another at 122 Kearny
street.
;Charles Lyons, the tailor, is dead.
The deceased had been ailing for some
time with heart failure and when the
end came early yesterday morning it
was not wholly unexpected.
Meanwhile the tugs Golden Gate.
General Alexander and Sternberg had
come alongside the Slocum, bringing a
number of friends and relatives of
Governor Taft. Shortly before 10
Rhodpp, representing Major William P.
Kcndjj 11, climbed up the gangplank and
made it*; way to thai main deck, where
Governor Taft was waiting to receive
them. Colonel Andrews on behalf of
th" Secretary of War and General Mac-
Arihur made an informal speech of wel
come and then introduced the different
members of the party. The meeting
was entirely of an informal nature and
the conversation was of a general char
acter, touching principally on the ques
tion of the Philippines. In the mean
time the Governor's baggage was rap
idly being transferred to the Slocum.
It consisted of twenty immense trunks,
three great cases and about eighty
Fmaller bags, dress suit cases, golf
clubs, su-amrr chairs and several large
Chinese baskets filled with bottles of
mineral water.
TUGS ARKIVE OX SCENE.
Continued, from Page 21, Column 7.
TUFT JUiniVES OH - KOHEA
CHARLES LYONS
CALLED TO HIS
FINAL REST
Got an Early Breakfast.
Farmers axe always early risers, but
a pension examiner, traveling in Ken
tucky, had an experience which taught
him what the rural idea of "early" is.
He put up at a farm house for the
night and asked to be called for an
early breakfast. In -what seemed to
him ten minutes after he had gone to
sleep he was awakened by knocking
on the door.
"Get ud in there!" a voice shouted.
"It's gittin* up time. Your breakfast
is ready."
The examiner rose In the dark, slow
ly dresaed, and came.lnto the breakfast
room.
"What time is it?" he asked.
"It's about 2 o'clock, I reckon."
"Well, what In thunder do you mean
by waking me at 2 o'clock."
"Didn't you say you wanted an early
breakfast," said the farmer, with deep
concern.— N. Y. Tribune.
Even a dead past may sometimes
come to life.
o'clock the Governor, escorted by the
different army officials, passed down
the broad gangway of the Korea to
the upper deck of the Slocum, where
he was greeted by a' number of rela
tives and a sort of family gathering
was indulged in. Among: those in the
party were his sister, Mrs. W. A. Ed
wards; his cousin, Mrs. Charles T.
Blake, and Mrs. Bernard Moses. Mrs.
Taft was nearly smothered by a
wealth of beautiful floral offerings
that were showered on her as she
stepped on to the tug. .
Just at this moment- Major Devol
gave the signal to cast off the lines,
and at the some instant the beautiful
new flag of the Secretary of War was
run up to the masthead. The atten
tion of the Governor was called to it
and he asked what it was. When be
ing informed his pleasant face beam
ed enthusiastically and he laughing
ly said: 2 "It's a new one on me, and
the firstftlme I have ever seen one."
At this juncture the different news
paper men on board the tug were in
troduced to him and he received them
all in a most cordial fashion and
seemed to enjoy the interview great
ly. He was not reticent and tried to
answer any and all the different hun
dreds of questions that were put to
him. During the interview the Slo
cum was put under full head of steam
and headed for Oakland mole, where
the party arrived in plenty of time
for the Eastern (Iyer. The Governor
was escorted from the boat to the
train by his family and large com
pany of friends and officials. The
Governor was accompanied on the
journey East by his secretary, Fred
W. Carpenter. Mrs. Taft and the chil
dren, Helen and Charles W., will re
main for several days in San Fran
cisco and are staying at the Ply
mouth. .,.
Clare, Ireland, "aged 40 years. He
came to the United States fifteen
years ago with the Irish-English 'aam
of athletes that captured many events
in competition with Americans. Pur
ceil was noted as a hurdle runner,
jumper, hammer thrower and sprinter
and v>— the holder of several world's
records. When he decided to remain
in California h( became a member of
the Olympic Club and won hosts of
friends by his athletic prowess and
gentlemanly manner. He was the
secretary of the Gaelic Athletic As
sociation of San Francisco.
Purcell was employed in a clerical
capacity at the Hibernia Bank. He
is survived by a wife and four chil
dren. His funeral will take place
Monday morning at 10:30 o'clock
from St. Joseph's Church. Interment
will be in St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak
land.
of New York City known as the
Bronx, occurred here to-day. Bronk
was 49 years of age.
supposed Presidential aspirations and
the published articles in certain East
ern papers that he is likely -to be put
forward by his friends as a candidate
for the Republican nomination.
"¦Jfes, I have read. every one of those
stories," he replied,, with a hearty
laugh, "but they are all part of some
huge joke. There is, nothing in it."
It is said among those who have
been in touch with Secretary Taft dur
ing his gubernatorial service in the
Philippines that his political aspira
tions are soaring in another direction
and that his fondest ambition would
be realized if he were appointed to a
position on the United States Su
preme bench. j
Explaining his hurried journey to
Washington Governor Taft said that
it has no particular significance.
"Mr. Root has been waiting patient
ly for. a month for me to relieve him,"
said he, "and I am anxious to get to
"Washington on January 28, so that
we may confer prior to my entering
on my official duties on February 1,
which is the date of the beginning of
my term, fixed by the Senate in con
firming my appointment."
Regarding the interview accorded
him by the Mikado of Japan during
his short stay in Tokio, which was
briefly announced by cable, Secretary
Taft said that it interested him very
much, but he declined to repeat the
conversation that took place between
the Emperor and himself, as he might
be regarded as guilty of an act of im
propriety in view of the fact that he
was about to enter upon the duties of
Secertary of War.
"Arriving at Tokio," said he, "we
were met by the Japanese Secretary
of Foreign Affairs, whom I had pre
viously known as a Consul General in
Manila. He escorted Mrs. Taft, Sec
retary Carpenter and myself to the pal
ace, where we were introduced to the
Emperor and by him entertained at
luncheon. I found the Emperor
a broad-minded man of modern ideas,
who expressed a very cordial feeling
toward Americans, and he convinced
me that he is an excellent ruler. Of
the prospects for war between Japan
and Russia I can add nothing to what
you already know, for the telegraph
has keot you well advised."
Governor Taft was asked if he had
read any of the recent reports of hia
"We are not looking so far into the
future. "We are simply dealing with
present conditions, but naturally build
ing great hopes for the results of the
work now in progress in the United
States' new possessions."
During his two days' stay in Hono
him, while en route to this city, Gover
nor Taft, in company with Governor
Carter, spent the greater part of his
time inspecting the various industrial
enterprises of that dlty and several
neighboring sugar plantations, visiting
the Government barracks and in mak
ing a careful study of the labor and
social conditions there. Referring to
his observations in Hawaii and partic
ularly regarding the labor conditions
there and in the Philippines Governor
Taft said:
"Xhe Filipinos are intensely opposed
to any Chinese immigration. In the
Philippines a Chinese will make $100
or so from "a year's labor and then
sta/t a shop, driving some Filipino
woman competitor out of business. The
great development of the Hawaiian
Islands was caused by a free access
to the American market, with all thfc
benefits of the national policy of pro
tection, and I deem it as only fair
that Hawaii should now' contribute her
share to the national Government."
CAUSE OF HASTY TRIP.
in£ any benefit from the lessons being
taguht them in self-government Gov
ernor Taft replied that he had been In
formed that the report of the Philip
pine census would be made In Octo
ber and two years thereafter, accord
ing to the law, the natives, provided
they have remained peaceful, will be
permitted to hold an election for a pop
ular assembly; to consist of not less
than fifty members, and this organiza
tion will be co-ordinate with the higher
legislative body. If this assembly is to
be created the commission still has two
and a half years before it in which to
complete its work of law .and statute
making.' for the future government of
the islands. Continuing, he said:
"It* is expected that this assembly
will do much in the way of educating
the natives in matters of good govern
ment and strengthen their patriotic
tendencies. Of course the acts of the
assembly will have to be approved, by
the United States authorities, but the
natives will have a say in the enact
ment of all laws. By the time they
are ready to send their representatives
to the assembly hall it is expected that
they will have acquired a sufficient
knowledge of the methods of govern
ment."
CHINESE ARE OBJECTIONABLE.
Governor Taft declined to express an
opinion as to how long it would prob
ably take the United States, under its
present methods of political education
In the Philippines, to bring the native
population up to a position where they
may be relied upon to govern them
selves without assistance from this
country. He smiled as he remarked:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 190*.
Continued trom Page 21, Column 6.
CONDITIONS IN ISLANDS
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hood'sSarsaparilla
Has cured the most persistent and difficult
cases. Accept no substitute for Hood's; no
substitute acts like it.
That is Salt Rheum or Eczeraa.-one.of
the outward manifestations of scrofula.
It comes In itching, burning, oozing, dry-
ing, and scaling patches, on the face, head,
hands, legs or body.
It cannot be cared by outward applica-
tions,— the blood must be rid of the Im-
purity to which it 1b due.
The Itch Fiend
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This is my way of clearing your mind of all doubts at
to what Dr. Shoop 's Restorative can do. No matter
how prejudiced, you cannot dispute tha absolute «ecur- .
ity I offer. You cannot resist an offer like this ii you
are at ill sick. ¦
If you have a weakness, write me. If you can'l do
thinrs like you used to do them, tell me about it. . - . .
Write in confidence. , As a physician I will tell you
a way to help. Get my book now— to-day..
Simply state which Book Ion Dyspepsia.
book you warn *nct ."ggS 5 S S2 SSSSfe-
address Dr. Shoop, - Book 4 for Wornen.
box 1630, Racine. Book 5 "for- Men
„,. (sealed). --
* '"• Book 0 on RheumatUm
Mild . ca*es, not chronic, are often cured
with one or two bottles. At drunrists*.
I Can be taken on trial. For a full month I '¦ will let
you use it entirely at my risk ¦•-•¦¦. • ¦ * ¦•* . • '< i ¦ -
Setxl no money. Just write mi for the book yon
need. When 1 send it 1 will tell you of a drureisi near
by who will permit the month's 'trial. Use tse Restora-
tive a month. Then decide. If you say to the druggist
"I i did not help me," that will relieve you of any «-
pense whatever. He will bill the cott to me. - • ¦ ¦
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
. Send For My Boot
¦ II you want if* (eel better. -'»'•• • ¦¦ . .
If you want more strength.
If you lack ambition,
tf you can't do things like you used'to, ¦ ¦
If you lack confidence in yourself, j ,.. -.
If your nerve^-your courMTCT-is leaTing you.
If you lack vim, vigor, vitality,
{( something is eating away your constitution, write
to me for the Book you need
The book tells of my- discovery. Tells how after
thirty years I found the cause of these symptoms, and
many others, sriven above. ¦ . ¦¦ ,"„¦ ¦-/;
- Tlie book tells how by scientific experiment ' I traced
out the causes that brine on chronic diseases. It tells
how I perfected my prescripitonHDr. Shoop • Restora-
tive. • . . x
I found invariably that where there was a weakness,
the inside nerves were weak. Where there was h lack
of vitality that the vital nerves lacked power. ' where
weak organs were found, I always found vreak nerves.
Not the nerves commonly thought .of, but the vital or-
fans' nerves, the inside — the invisible nerves.
This was a revelation. Then my real success benm
1'hen I combined itarrcdients that would utrensthen,
that would vitalize these nerves. That prescription I
called a restorative. Ii is known the world over now as
I)r Snoop's Restorative. After that I did net toil to
cure one case in each hundred. In the extremely diffi-
cult cases mvfaiiurers for five-years were one in each
forty treated I found cancer incurable. Cancer ia
for surg-cry, not medicine.
Then how to get this prescription (b sick ones every,
where was my thought. I must announce it in the
public press. But, thought I, will they realize the
truth of my discovery— the real power of Dr. Sloop's
Restorative? Then a way came to me— like an inspira-
tion. "I will offer it to the sick on trial. * Then they
will know I am sincere."
1 wrote a reliable druggist in each city and villare in
America. ' They aareed to co-operate with me. Now
by any sick one ....
If You Have These Symptoms
DE. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
GREEXBERG & GREEXBERG.
• *~~~~~~~^_ DR ' KIL}4ER ' S SWAMP-BOOT.
lH KIDNEYS WEAK?
:
• Thousands of Men and Women Have Kid-
ney Trouble and Never Suspect It
. To Prove What the Great Kidney-Remedy, Swamp-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by "Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary /a^te^^S
andbladdcr troubles were to be traced to the iiiig'^&ll
kidneys, but now modern science proves that li^^iPIP
r.carly all diseases have iheir beginning in ff^^^W
the disorder of these most -important organs. -I^^l
Tho kidneys filter and purify the' blood— M*^'§P&
.. . that is their \vork. ' . fCM'i-^
Therefore, when your kidneys arc wcr.k or 1
out of order, vou can understand how quick- .* *$ "
ly your entire bt>dy is"a'ffpctcd.'"anTl"how"'CV- j?' v ' '
• erv organ seems to fail to do its duty. <Ai.*.l, *' *'.2.»ifJ^L
If you are sick or "feel badly." bepin taking
the preat kidney remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, bcc.iu^e as soon as vour kidneys begin jS^^M^^^S^M^i^^fm ''
. ¦ to K ci better thev will help all the. other or- !
pan' to h alth. A trial will convince ..anyone. MppaMBSg^fiV^ ilKH ffi
I dieerfirlly recommead and. indorse the Great fi|a I DR. KILAIER'5 \ a|M
Eexcay, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Eoct, lor kldaey " mm __-,„_. n^ m Wm
trouble and bad liver. I have used it and derived, M$R QW flMD KnllT $*W
great benefit frcm it. I believe it has cured mo $jM Q VL nUll'IlU \J I mM
entirely cf kidney and liver trouble, from wMcli . gg&V •„-,», «i a^«r il*R
X suSTerei terribly. ' ' ': gl Kidnejr.L.vera Na^er m^
Most gratefully vours, "* CURE. s|^?
A. B. Beynold8. Chief of Police. Kg a ¦ directions. grgS
ColUlIlbUS, Ga. b^&S mtiicncw,t«o-«r llrre M;
v\ cak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible mssi m»»iTnHi»ib«itiine. ¦ |^| j
for :.:--. kinds of diseases, and if permitted' gg ''vt^m^rtilb 10 .^! WM
to continue much suffering and fatal results sj>*3 j««» •«««««• «»fiau««
are F-jrc to follow. Kidney trouble . irritates Zt^n^'in. "" "¦ ou a j||gj
the nerves, makes vou dizzy, restless, sleep- Th(»^««t r»m^ y nrn »;¦
less and irritable. Makes you pnss vater often Psf! na-cy,ii»-rr,w>.id-t» D ji-:."., $tm
during <:c day and obliges yon to pet up gSjffifl iy , t0 ||
. manv times during the night. Unhealthy kid- E|g $Z*£2? iSfeTSli ill
- neys cause rheumvism, gravel, catarrh of the !«2g D»rrWi w««e, whth i§ th» 1^^ '
Irladdcr. pain or dull ache in the back, joints WSg. *iTT.' p^LL' . k u^'* M *** Wm
and muscles; makes your head" ache and back i^S -nifiMnoswii |p|
ache, causes indigestion, stomach and liver mM DR. ELMER * CO., |p
. trouble, you get a sallow, ycllcw complex- ||| soWbyaiiDniBsists. ||!
mn. makes j-ou feel as though you had .heart |||« « — I 3||p
. trouble; ynu may have plenty of ambition, but
r --:rc:-.c-:]\: pet wea'.and waste away.
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the world-famous new kidncv f^^^^^W^m^m
. rrmedj* Tn takine Swamp-Root you afford
ratural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the i*"
most perfect healer and gerrtle aid to^the kid- <swamp-Root is pleasant to take.)
neys that is known to medical science. If you arc already con-
How to Find Out vinced that S wam P -Root is
Tf there is any doubt m your mind as to
yonr condition, take from your urine on ris- what y° u necd . you can pur-
inp: about four ounces, place it in a glass or chase the regular fifty-cent
bottle and let it stand twenty-four hours. If
r>n examination it is milky or cloudy, if there and one-dollar size bottles
. is a brick-dust settling, or if small particles a t the drug stores every-
float about in it. your kidneys are in need of , ¦
immediate attention. * whefe - Don l make an y mi S"
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used take, but remember the
in the leadinp hospitals, recommended by _ • ' „.
physicians in their private practice, and is name - awamp-Root, Dr. Kil-
taken by doctors themselves who^ have kid- mcr's Swamp-Root, and the
ney ailments, because they recognize in it the ,, n . , -i
greatest and most successful remedy for kid- address Binghamton, N. Y.,
ne\% liver and bladder troubles. . ' on every bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly cur-
ing even thc most distressing cases of kidney, liver- or bladder troubles,
that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle and a
book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The
book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of
Swamp-Root is so well known that our readers are advised to send for a
simple bottle. In sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bincham-
ton, X. Y., be sure to say you read this generous offer in the San Francisco
Sunday Call. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuineness of
this offer.
'¦ > ¦ ¦ ' ¦'<••¦••• --APVEBTISEBfcBKTS. ' '
S Comfort Is as jT ntmim mg^ start a Homc - |
¦ FOOd, WC • . , . - -v-/*, a ctnvp a
5 Should Have "The Credit House" 233-35-37 Post St. Put it Up- I
¦ Plenty of it. The Biggest furniture House on the Pacific Coast < But Begin. S
B I •""'''' ' •¦-¦¦¦-¦¦/- - ' ..- ___^ ' ¦
k The world's successes are the men and women who work the r^^M^BMfM a
§ hardest in the time for work, and rest well when they rest. Tired ' ; '^^^^^^^^S |
b llPif I ilPicfr WM brains never solved great problems; tired muscles never lifted a
I ||$yi' If&^^ii3»f/i great weights. Eat well, rest well, sleep well and enjoy these a
c pk W^i' 5$W? comforts which we offer in the greatest clearance bargains of H^^^RSi^S jj
I ! Spy I^^3I '"wB c lii : the ycar * ** •** -^ '•* .*•*•*•*•*«*¦..* a
E '"W^^^^im^S^m!Sc^S 1 Foldi »K Beds from $ 10 to Hcre is comfort come your °
¦ s " ecial Price S58 - 50 j SPECIAL fOR THIS WEEK ONLY, 622.50. I SPe °^!^!l S5 '!l ¦
B Special Price 84.95 J!S, m °;i M *8e_»— price J3.00. a ¦¦ .B ¦': m
•2 shapes, of golden oak, at an average reg- A well made Davenport, of mahogany finish, covered with fine *"' * \',- . 5,
ts ular price of JS.OO. All special this week grade of corduroy, made with the clipper edge, and soft, buoyant _ «-»«!««. ci <ir 3
B $4.3)5 springs. Five feet long. 30 inches deep. Regular price, $35.00. Special PMCe »I.»W ' ¦•
¦ ' "••'¦• " - " * "
g DRAPERIES. | STOVE DEPARTMENT. | CARPETS. g
| Blankets. Iteat IteHL, Quick-Meal Range, $34.00 n^f^ n^^S 0^^
I As big a blanket offer as mm^MT J'Z^n^Z^ of rolls aSTbeinTpiaced on our |
I ever was made. '• ov e r a red-hot stove, with display floor, you would declare 5
iS at a en ia A ¦. Sfii-lKii their faces and hands redder as hundreds of others declared a
¦hl $ b?fh r P3 Vmr .^^^^^^^ and -hotter than the meat they fast Week that the Weavers art S
r DianKets this week $^.45. mp^^^^^^^^M- cooked ' can undcr5tand what was never so nearly perfect be- \
|| $6 50 per pair, 10-4 wool -ouTck me" r' *«««" ia* fore - Thc reat carpcts arc 3
;| blankets, $4.35. |PJ|J « «£^n£ S^t^ here; we have them: beautiful |
E r^rt *u r^,t\fc W !^iS W&&M¥ the hcat in — not out If that patterns at a thorough range a
g irOucn covers. & g^&r^^^S were a11 we couId sa> about if> of prlce - lf you wou!d knovv thc I
b «un rnnrh rnvprq toHq nnH St fllMS^^^^^ it should be enough to make meaning of carpet color harmony a
! S arinc in In Mnp ,ff^ thoughtful man and and CQrpCt bCBUty design. Spend H
| greens in two-tone effects,, « K^^^S , every tired woman come and one hour of your shopping on g
,g special this week, §1.95 . investigate. our Carpet Floor. a
i EsaHMK^aayteBa^aaiaBaiaBBgaHaiaBiaMBsaMffiBgaBBaseiaaBttaBaaBaaBHiaaa^gBaaaa
.BJy The opportunity to select a piano from a large
stock and «et the best value for the money ex- B
. pended — is the advantage we offer you. g*^JT r*
Tell us what amount of money you wish to spend \
m for a piano and we will sell you the best instrument Vj. %
j/KS that that amount of money can buy. Every dollar
ipaf you put into a piano you purchase of us means, in
W addition to its actual commercial value, the extra T»
H* value of quality that is peculiarly a characteristic of {}
H the pianos we carry. These are some of the things A
« that oueht to appeal to you if you contemplate R
' Call and get our most pleasant terms of sale. mjT
-IS 931-933 Market St., San Francisco. II
|| OAKLAND, SACRAMENTO, EUREKA, SAJi JOSE, FRESNO AND || r v
If Coast Aeents for the Chase & Baker and Hard- N
CS man Piano Players.
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
SPECIALS
FOR MONDAY, TUESDAY and
WEDNESDAY =====
Oxford Waists
?3O<x $350 and $4.00 Oxford
Waists for $1".95
$5-25, $550 and $600 Oxford
Waists for S2.OO
$575. $6.25. and $7.00" Oxford
Waists ....-• for $3.oO
$8.75. $9OO- and $Q7«; Oxford
Waists for $4.O."»
Shawls
50c Woolen Shawls for Jt8c
$1.00 AVoolcn Shawls for 70c
$1.50 Woolen Shawls for OTia
$2.00 Woolen Shawls... for $1.40
Ali-Ovcr Laces
S&35 All-over L?.cc for SI»c yd.
Si. 50 All-over Lace.. for $1.<>O v d.
$2.00 All-over Lace, .for $M«"^* yd.
$2.35 All-over Lace, .for Jj****^ vd.
25c Curtain Nets, 40 inches wide
" '. for 1 15c yd.
30c Curtain Nets. 43 inches wide
for 20c yd.
40c Curtain Nets, 4S inches wide
for il."»c yd.
45c Curtain Nets. 48 inches wide
for 30c vd.
Country orders receive prompt
attention.
. Time allowed on specials for
country orders.
Samples of Lace?. Trimmincs.
Embroideries, Veilinjjs. Ribbons,
etc., sent to any address.
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
31. S3. 35. 37 Grant Ave.,
Cor. Geary St.Alabama's Tornado Victims.
CHICAGO. Jan. £3.— For the third
time In the past two weeks fire to-day
the Grand Palace Hotel,
Mjstcrlons Hotel Fire.
Men Killed by Runaway Train.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 23.—Loco
motive Engineer Ladner and Fireman
Elmsley, both of Revelstoke, were kill
ed last night on the Canadian Pacific
Railroad, just west of Field. The loco
motive got beyond the control of the
engineer and the train ran away.
TVASHIXQTON*. Jan. 23. — Th» Uacclas has
sailed from Jibuti for Port Said. It is sup
posed that the- Skinner expedition li aboard
the vessel.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— The Navy b«part
ment was Informed to-day of the arrival of
the Rnleisb, New Orleans, Cincinnati and Al
bany at Subig; Bay.
" CAIRO. Jan. 23.— Monday's dance at
Eheparfls Tras largely attended. Among
those present I noticed Mrs. Lcland
Stanford of San Francisco. An even-
Ing later I noticed Mr. Lynch of San
Francisco dining with Judge Tuck and
S. TV. Mcrgan. United States Consul in
Cairo.
Americans in Cairo.
North Clark 6treet and Indiana ave
nue- Investigation Is being made to
learn, if possible, the source of the
three fires. One of the strange fea
tures noted In each Instance Is that the
flames were discovered before they had
made much headway and that all of
the fires occurred about the same hour.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 23.— The
rapid drying up of the Sea of Azof
Is receiving official attention. In five
years the water has receded to such
an extent that nearly 3,000,000 acres for-
Passing of the Azov Sea.
Washington Has No News.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23. — Although
he called for another purpose, Sir
Mortimer Durand. the British Em
bassador, had an Informal talk with
Mr. Loomis, the acting Secretary' of
State, to-day, about affairs in the Far
East. No dispatches have been re
ceived here in the last few days,
either from the Foreign Office or the
American Embassy in London, throw
ing much additional light on the situ
ation, but It is known that the Jap
anese Government Is awaiting, with
intense anxiety, the arrival of the Rus
sian reply 1 . The British Embassador,
throughout the Far Eastern negotia
tions, has been fully advised on both
sides of the question.
New Mayors for Dublin and Cork.
DUBLIN, Jan. 23. — Counselor Jo
seph Hutchinson, Nationalist, was to
day elected Lord Mayor of Dublin, and
Thomas Roche, candidate of the
United Irish League, -was elected Lord
Mayor of Cork.
Count Benckendorff added that he
believed to be correct the report that
the British Government did not think
the question of Japanese settlements
In Manchuria, on which he laid much
stress, was sufficient to cause war.
Count Benckendorff significantly re
marked that he believed the question
of Japanese settlements In Manchur
ian territory to be the most import
ant outstanding question.
"But this/' he continued, "certainly
does not seem worth going to war
about. As regards the Japanese de
mand for the inclusion of a Russian
acknowledgment of. Chinese sover
eignty over Manchuria in the -Russo-
Japanese treaty, that is merely a mat
ter of words, and surely no war about
words would be justifiable. I am
hopeful of a peaceful outcome of the
negotiations.
"The announcement from St. Peters
burg that peace is desired in such a
high quarter is more significant, but
before the royal wish can be assured
the fulfillment of several questions
must be settled. None of them, how
ever. In my judgment, are worth the
terrible recourse of war."
ceived any information as to what
form the reply ! will take or when it
will be sent."
merly covered by the sea are now a
swamp. Several once flourishing har
bors, notably Rostoff and Taganrog, are
suffering severely. The Minister of
Public ¦ Works sanctions a project *for
damming tht strait about two miles
wide between the Sea of Azof and the
Black Sea with an enormous causeway
with n 1 space In the middle for ships.
It is hoped to thus raise the surface
of the sea ten feet, covering the morass
with navigable water. Bids for the
work will be advertised for in the
United States, France, England and
Russia. The outlay will be $5,000,000.
Germany heads ;the list as the read
ing nation; "rand Russia Is falling to
zero. In 1S93 23,607 books were pub
lished in Germany, as compared with
80S2 in Russia. • In regard to newspar
pers, the* inhabitants of the United
States are catered. to by 22,000 Journals,
while Ru*ssla, .with a population of 130,
000.000, has only 800.
Among:. the: stories told of Herbert
Spencer some time ago vr&a one relat-.
ing to his boarding-house experiences.
His doctor had. advised him that soli
tary meals were not good for him, and
he went to a boarding-house, but did
not stay. The "pleasant lady" who
sat next to him and who was to en
gage him in light and cheerful talk
was a sad- disappointment. A friend
asked her how she liked the boarding
house; could she, recommend it? "Oh,
yes; I think Iican," she replied; "but
there is a llr. Spencer who thinks
that he knows about science and phil
osophy. I have to correct him every
night!" One of Spencer's peculiarities
was to carry about two little plugs in
his pocket, and whenever conversation
around him 'became annoying he took
them out and put them in his ears. —
London Daily Chronicle. , -7;
When Spencer Boarded.
President. C. E. Russell; vie* president. O.
TF. Snyder; recordllng secretary, E. O. Brnn
dage: financial - secretary. H. I.. Andrews;
treasurer. J. A. Burkhart; ' warden. W. J.
Davis; conductor, J. E. Murdock: trustee,
W. Hopps; business agent, G. S. Wood.
The Painters' . and Paperhangera*
Union has elected the following offi
cers:
malfi Emanuel; trustees — James Smith.
George Preston and Harry Hall: delegates to
Building Trades Council— M. Kerwln. Harry
Hall and It. Ilortcn.
The Building Trades Council has
nominated thefollowinc:
President, P. H. McCarthy: -vice president,
Thomas Parkinson: recording secretary. O. A.
Tveltraoe; financial secretary, Henry Thleler;
treasurer. John E. McDouarald; sergeant at
arms, Frank Haskell : busln»?s agent. II. r>.
Bleg.- " Toe council seated th>> del-gates from
Painters' Union No. 19, presided over by P.
II. Sheehan. as follows: D. W. Driscoll. J.
Lawrence, T. Moran, M. Morton, Fred Mc-
Cann. W. L. Reed. A. E. Smith. A. F. Im
perial. Walter Luke. J. Griffin. T. Lynch, O.
B. Evans. J. Coakley. 'William J. Blake: al
ternate?, J. Fleming, A. Clark. W. Manning.
But 8.3 per cent of the 1.330.637 Ger
man born males in the United States
have failed to become naturalized,
while 13 per cent of the English. 35 per
cent of the Russians, 53 per cent of th»
Italians and 80 per cent of the Japanese
are still aliens.
The carpenters and joiners are up. in
arms against \ the Building Trade3
Council for an alleged snub or over
sight. They claim \hat when they pre
sented the names of their delegates to
the council they were rejected, and
that the names of the seceding faction
of the organization were accepted. The
carpenters and joiners will hold a meet-'
ing to-morrow night at Eintracht Hall,
on Folsom street, and demand a hear
ing from the Building Trades Council.
The following new delegates have
been seated in the Building Trades
Council' of San Francisco:
Furniture Handlers' Union No. 1— Eugrene
Durtey, A. P. Alexander and Samuel Preeton.
Felt and Composition Roofers' Union No. 1 —
B. Powers. E. O. Travis and C. p. St. John.
Amalgamated Woodworkers' Union Xo. 15—
II. Th'.eler, Kmll Kternberg, Frank Schmltz,
John Jensen, Otto Wessell and W. F. Rose,
alteinaf. Kloctrlcal Workers' Union No. 208 —
P. A. Clifford, M. I-azarus, J. R. Smith. R.
H. Guppy and J. J. Welsh. G!azl»rs and Or
iiamental Glavs Workers' Union — T. ¦ D. Sulli
van. Ficnk Zachartao and Mark Taylor. Brass
<n«l Chandelier Workers' • Union No. 15S — W.
O'ttonnell. Albert W. Daniels and John J.
Kfihy. Building Material Team Drivers — R.
Thane. William Rottaer, X. Trumbull, J. J.
Monaghan. G. F. Dempsey, F. J. Shearer and
George Prescott. San Francisco Bricklayers'
International- Union, Xo. " — E. J. Brandon,
Georjro D. Kelly. P. J.- O'Brien. E. J. Nolan
and J. Sloan. International Union Steam Kn
frineerp. Local Xo. 59 — J. W. Matheson.
Shinglers' Union No. 1 — W. H. Joy, James
Fallon and John Sullivan.' Carpenters' Union
Xo. 22— P. H. McCarthy. John J. Tlerney,
Charle? Jackson. John Brodie. Edward L*
hauw', P. ¦ H. Farley, F. P. Nicholas, A. £..
Ilollls, Kugene O'Connor. A. Wallace, Steven
niy. John P. Morgan. C. H. Clark. O L
Sparks, W. Ti. Fuller, W. E. Beas
t»y ami .1. Swar.son. Sheet Metal Wockers'
Xo. 279 — William Coirerford, J'hlllp Hammond
and A. .J. Green, Laborers' 'Protective Union
Xo. 8044 — H. D. Jackson, William P. Gll
martirw John nrnnn^y. J. B. Wells, John
McManue,- Peter T. Kelly, Edward Ozard, E.
.1.. Deavtr. F. K. Sexton, Charlrs T. Re-
Kan. James A. Flannagan. John H. Welde
maii. Michael J. Fox. Frank button, E J.
P. O'RIley, ,C. M. Erlckson. House Mov
ers' Union— H. Beasley, P. H. Walker and
M. P. Clark. Amalgamated Sheet Work
ers Xo. 104— George T. Hagsermlller.
James J. Denly. Charles Morrison and J.
J. Walters. Mlllmen's Union No. 423 — James
Bell, T. P. Farmer. T. McGuIre. W. H. Be
mls. T. O'Bri»n, H. Mats:hon, J. G. Fallon
and -W. ¦ Madden. Klevator' Operators'
Union— W. H. Harvey, J. Coughlan, G. M.
Rancy and Charles Waldue. Window Shade
Workers' Union No. 1 — T. W. Brogan, A.
Maschk. Percy Coe and Charles Bai*. Metal
Workers No. 1 — J. Hoffman, J. Wolff, James
Lown!?. K. Clancy. E. Nicholas and E.
Keeley. ; Marble • Cutters and Finishers —
Charles Hlff. Robert McComlchl. Edward
Hayes and John E. • McDougald. Mantel.
Grate «tnd Tile Setter* — M. Klrwan. H. Hall
and .. R. Hartln. I Amalgamated Society of
Carpenters — Charles A. Nelson, Robert
Chlpchase. W. " Freeliind, J. p. Rung* and
D. R. . Fraser: John Falconer, alternate.
Woodcarverfc' and - Modelers' , Association —
Harry ZltKcb. Victor ; Maene. U Hoffman,
Journeymen Plumbers and Gasfltters" Union
No. .452 — James' McFsdden «nd Frank Arm
utrcng: Gas and Electric Fixtures Hangers —
H. F. Zecher. A. N\ , Smith and W. A. Thomp
son: Casters and Modelers No. 1 — J. B. Klein.
J. Stapleton, M. O'Brien and A. C. Kami;
Varnlshers- and Polishers No. 134 — . William
Hey. C. M. Haybl. C. Chrlstianson. • J. Shawl
and O. Diedrlchfen as alternate- Paper Hang
ers »nd Fresco 1 Painters No. 503=— C. S. Perry;
Al ; BarMtt. ¦ F. B. Chenoweth. . Benjamin -Bell
and A. Logan: Painters' -Union No. 10 — D. W.
Driseoll. M.- Norton. A. 1 E. Smith, "J. Grlffln.
J. Coakley,. J. Flsmlnr. J. Lawrence.- Fred
"McCpnn. A. F. Imperial. T. Lynch;. M. Blake,
C. Clarke, T. Moran, W. L. Reed. W. . Luke,
C. B." Evans and W. Mannings; Patnt Burners'
Union No. .962— H. -Rltks. H. Calvin . «md .T.
Dayley: Steam Pip« and . Boiler - CovereiV
Union No. 1 — C K. Williams, P. B. Daly and
H G. Donshfrty: Orpet Mechanics'. Associa
tion No.. 1— W. H. Hardy.- H. Ashton. H. • S.
Templ*ton and W. J. Bvers:; Carpenters' Union
Xo : 05 — J. MawiIl.J.IV Chapdelaine and- B.
Encs; Millwrights' Utiicn No. 76— M. J. Brad
ley and Alex. Tait; Felt and Composition Roof
ers'" Union No. 1 — Donald M. Graham as aj-
The Furniture, Carpet and Drapery
Salesmen's Association held its regular
monthly meeting last night in the Pio
neer building. Applications for mem
bership were received from a large
number of salesmen and favorably
passed upon.
The managers of. the Novelty The
ater have decided to comply with the
regulations of the Actors' Union and
the boycott on the place was removed
on Friday night.
The conference between the Stable
men's Association and the stablemen
did not take place, as was expected,
and the long existing trouble is still
unsettled. The Lodging Employes*
Union has been admitted to the Labor
Council. It was formed a few days
ago with the following officers: E.
Anderson,— chairman; N: Jorgensen,
treasurer, and F. E. Caine, secretary.
The delegation from the Brewery
"Workers' Union which went to Los
Angeles to settle the strike of the
brewery workers there is reported to
have been unsuccessful.
The Labor Council has received in
formation from Congressman " Need
ham to the effect that John Turner,
organizer of the Retail Clerks' Union,
has been deported to England be
cause of his connection with certain
anarchistic bodies.
ternate: Elevator Constructors — Paul Ander
son and William Ray: Cement Workers' Union
Xo. 1— T. It. Ryan, M. J. Kelley, W. A. Best,
R. H. Wunderllch. S. A. Chase. H. S. Byers
and O'. A. Tveltmoe. T. P. Fallon, Ed Spicer.
15. F. Bailey and James Mcran alternates:
Rrickmakers' Union Xo. 123 — E. Durham, C.
Johnson and J. Huchlns.
The Hat "Workers' Union has elected
the following executive board:
M. Bressman, I^ouls Goldman, J. Hyams, M.
Vlctorson, J. Sharkey, I. Schneider, L. J. Gor
don: delecate to the Labor Council, L. Gold
man. ; . - "
The Tile Setters' Union has Installed
the following officers: .
President, Charles Weber: vice president,
William Marble; financial secretary, William
Doyle; • recording secretary, Joseph . Mozoo;
treasurer, .John Schoen; sergeant at arms, To-
PITTSBURG, Jan. 23. — The flood
danger- at this point has passed. All
day long 'both rivers continued to rise
until 5 o'clock this afternoon, when
thirty and one-tenth feet was regis
tered at the Monong-ahela wharf.
From that hour on the waters receded
slowly until at 10 o'clock the gauge
registered 28 feet and stationary. The
temperature is lower and light snow
is falling. The Allegheny is still full
of running: ice. but it is much thinner
than earlier In the day. From the
headwater points on both the Alle
gheny and Monongahela rivers the
reports to-night show them to be
either stationary or falling.
The actual damage done in Pitts
burjr will not reach probably rnore
than half a million, dollars. To this
amount, however, must be added the
loss to the manufacturers and mills
through forced ""shutdowns and to
workmen through suspended wages,
while will' run the total close to the
S 1,000,000 mark. No loss of life has
l'oon reported.
The estimate of the number of men
that are temporarily thrown out of
work by. the flood puts it at 40,000. The
loss in wages will go close to $300,000.
It is known that thirty-five coal
boats, each holding 23,000 bushels of
coal," and two barges, each holding
15,000 bushels, were sunk. The loss on
this property would be about $100,000.
The loss on houseboats, landings, false
works at bridges, coal tipples and other
river property will bring the estimated
loss on river property to $233,000.
Stablemen and Employers Fail
to Meet to Settle Their
Long - Standing Differences
Danger Toint Is Passed at
Pittsburp and Rivers Are Ke
. suming. Their Normal Stage
FLOOD WATERS
ARE RECEDING
THEATER GIVEN
A UNION LABEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU SUNDAY, JANUARY/ 24, 1904.
JAPAN PREPARING TO LAND FOUR
ARMY DIVISIONS ON KOREAN SOIL
Continued from Page 21, Column 1.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., Jan. 23.— The
total number of dead In yesterday's
tornado is thirty-eight, six of whom
were whites. The number of injured is
estimated at sixty-five, twelve fatally.
23
_' _' HTSW ADVERTISEMENTS. g '._¦!_•_,¦¦_'
A. n V vv <B-tv JL w JL JL %u* IL H**? ill JL
Si
A "HAIR-SAVER" THAT GROWS IN POPULARITY
GOING FOR HERPICIDE-BUT NONE TOO SOON.
WHY? Because dandruff is a contagious disease DISCRf MINATINC PEOPLEnow reeard it a
and one cannot get away from it too soon. It is" ow- duty to employ a scalp antiseptic that will insure
ing to the highly contagious nature of dandruff that cleanliness and freedom from hair disease. This
the disease is so easily acquired. Washing and scour- "duty" becomes a genuine pleasure in usinc: New-
injj the scalp will remove dandruff, but the cause of bro's Herpicide andon account of its refreshinc qual-
the disease can be removed only with a scalo eermi- ity and exquisite fragrance a pleasant habit is* usually
cide, 2nd the original one is Nevrbro's Herpicide. formed for its use.
THE CHIEF reason for hair neglect and conse- THE HERPICIDE HABIT. A well-known
cuent hair loss is due to the extremely slow destruc- travelm.* ma ? writes as follows: A friend of mine
tin action of the dandruff microbe, thus rfvmg the «posed me to your delightful remedy and I prornpt-
impr«-sion that the hair is not in danger. The in- l l c . au g. ht the Herpicide habit. [ Ladies become en-
jury is to the hair bulbs, for when they are gone— thusiastic over Herpicide. for it overcomes excessive
as ,n chronic ba!dness-not even dandruff microbes oilmess and makes the hair light and fluffy. It
remain in the scalp «-*uut» promptly corrects dryness and brittleness of the hair
' " ______ and never fails to cure dandruff and stop falling hair.
THE MERE fact that a tiny flake of dandruff— It stops itching almost instantly.
laden with dandruff contagion— finds its way into IT IS ALWAYS SUCCESSFUL.
the healthy hair of a young person does not cause im- «\ have used your Herpicide with great success. I
mediate dandruff and falling hair. Dr. Cartez of wa s nearly bald, and now fine hair has started to
I ar:s has tonnd that the dandruff microbe reauires K row, and I think in a year or so I will have a nice
Y* r A a £ T T t h and development before it oroduces head of hair. (Signed) "C. E. BUTLER,
dandruft; but alter this the apparent destruction be- "San Francisco Cal"
cones more ra pi d casing in time itching of the C0 N S IDERS IT SUPERIOR TO OTHERS
M scab and falling hair. «« T have USfid one bottIe q{ Hero j.
\ <f\^A THE DISEASE DANDRUFF cide and found it to be all that you WmWr/'Si
£?a. l'p&l»i£ rnay be gotten by chance, but in al- claim for it. In fact I consider it su- MM S7 / )/\'
r:oct every case it is acemired throueh p^rior to the much advertised 's -A^HitA/^^
'&£#&$'£ the neglect of*certain rules for clean- and many other dandruff cures of the f)Ja^'o i\
"i.A I q. )$~ ¦ : ::r« that nre best underwood bv same character, inasmuch as it rids the JWRfflfflrtpaipb
'J&F&2334 T " ~ n *? who have kept pace with recent ?calp of dandruft without destroying jM^MW'
•;l£§^£t- discoveries relative to the contagious the hair. (Signed) "GEO. FRENCH. xW5^p\vin\ . :
- ; * — 3 i^^ vl mature of hair disease. 1 "San Francisco. Cal." 5?*i§fft
pSM&M At Leading Drug Store or Sent Prepaid from Detroit, Mich., <f^|MJ|a
W^Sh Upon Recei P t of $Loa ; t!|11p
Send 10 ets. in stamps for sample to THE HERPICIDE CO.. Detroit. Mich. : «
A Healthy Hair. "DESTROY THE CAUSE— YOU REMOVE THE EFFECT." An Unhealthy Hair.
DR. PIEKCE'S "REMEDIES.
$500 REWARD FOR WOMEN
WHO CANNOT BE CURED.
Backed tip by over a third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cares, a record •
such as no other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, tbe proprietors/and makers of Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription now feel
fully warranted in offering to pay $500 in
legal money of the United States, for any
"case of I<eucorrhea, Female Weakness, Pro-
lapsus, or "Falling of Womb which they
cannot enrr . All they ask is a fair aad
reasonable trial of their means of cure.
' ¦'_ ' ' --•**"
* "There are thousands of sick wonien dragging
out a Trearv, miserable existence, who would be
I well and Happy did they but hare my experi-
encejWith Dr. Pierce'3 FaTorite Prescription,"
writes Mrs. Annie Lenmao.of 106 Jackson St.,
Atlanta, Ga. r Four years ago I was nearly
dead with inflammation and nlceration. I en-
dured daily untold aeony. and life was a burden
to me. -I had used medicines internally and
externally until I had made up my mind that
there was no relief in sight for me. A friend of
mine endorsed your * Favorite Prescriptiou,* and
I determined then to give it a trial. It took
patience and perseverance for I was in a bad con-
dition, and had to use your medicine for nearly
four months before I was cured, but what a
change it brought ; from despair to happiness,
from misery to the delightful, exhilarating feel-
ing that only health brines. I would cot change
back for a thousand dollars.' Your •Prescrip-
tion' is a grand medicine. I wish every sick
woman would only try it and be convinced." .
Dr. 'Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in- paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps. Address
' Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.* ' . ..
ADVH&TISE2CE2TTS.
Has tcience aolv«d tilt problem at last an4
robbed nature of ber secret? Th» above tllui-
tratlon U that of an expert '-rytag to discern
tba difference between th» eenulna and t&At
phenomenal Imitation, tba Sapph- Diamond.
The Sapph-Diamond 1* ao Dear a fae slznil*
of the real that it cannot be clasae<t -with any
former effort of aelecce. Demonstrated and
sold side by aide with tha genuine. Never aold
under electric light*.
This gem Is cut same as tha genuine. po«-
aeEslns a hardness which la a guarantee of th»
retention of its volum* of prismatic fir* and
brilliancy.
Genuine Diamond*- at Eastern prices.
Largest stock of Hungarian and Austral
opals on the Pacific Coast. World's greatest
diamond imitator.
J. C. DAVIDSON,
Only one store on tha Paclac Coast.
124 Kearny Street.
Send stamp for catalogue.
You know tea and coffee.
Compare Schilling's Best and
the prices. N
Your grocer's ; moneyfeack.
ADTEB.TJSEHCESTS.
|005 BROS. SAY:
Our Special Overcoat and Suit Sale is
Still On. But One More Week Remains
tor You to Get Coated and Suited at
These Prices. Special Lines at the fol-
lowing Prices Reduced.
$10.00 COATS ARE NOW $8.50
$12.50 COATS ARE NOW $9.75
$15.00 COATS ARE NOW $12.00
$20.00 COATS ARE NOW $16 00
$25.00 COATS ARE NOW $21.00
$30.00 COATS ARE NOW $25.00
=ALSO —
I W jR jl ijJ val F >c Kl jjn t*i Jr>l a
(LMcn's "Roos-Made" Single and Double Breasted
All-Wool Blue and Black Cheviot Suits — also Single
Breasted Fancy Tweeds V : : : : : :
$10.00 and $12.50 Values Reduced to $8.50
ROOS BROS.
KEARNY AT POST
AD VEBT 1 STTBTETrrS.
FOR COVGHSTAND COLDS
Col. Beckwithjof \yashington Recom-
merids Pe-ru-na.
jC^ j!®Lj^ iT****** C° w Winds, Biting Frosts,
W^K lcy Calcs Causc Cou^ hs
If!!!! iW l!!^ Protect thc System Against
wSBi 2E n?3^' / Jilf. >* WIntcr Catarrh b v thc Usc
iIm Witt I.m^ Hfcr of Pcruna -"" A Nobble
flic IT r^^^l - *" Endorsement
? Colonel Paul E. Beckwith. Lt. Col., retired. 1st Res. Minute Men, In a let- +
° ter from 1503 Vermont avenue. N. W.. Washington. D. C wrltw: . °
? "From the unqualified endorsement of many of my friends, 1
? / lake pleasure in commending your remedies for coughs and %
J colds."— Paul E. Beckwith. ?
r> ¦ ¦ ¦ O'
-* o »o *o ? o^o-»-o-«o^o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-c^o-»-o-»-o-*-o-»-o-»-o-*'0-* i o-»-o-»-o-»-o-*-o-»-o-*-
Tnfarrh furoe PnnciHof*c»rf f nent - ll '%*?l»o * n unfailing remedy for
V»dLcJrrn l»UieS UOnSluerea. coughs, colas, bronchitis and contamp-
tlon in , Its early stages, and all th«
. __, . _ • , ' chronic diseases of winter.
ThCir EffeCtS, DefCCtS and F.W. Linden, Yazoo City. Miss., writes:
_ ¦ _ "I was afflicted with a very severe cough
'Differences. for eighteen months. I consulted several
physicians who told me my right lung
was, affected. I tried several prescrip-
CATARRH medicines are of two tlons, but got no relief. I concluded tf>
classes — thpse that cure anil those take Peruna and after taking th« flrst
that relieve. Those that cure are two bottles I was greatly relieved. I
called specifics; those that only, relieve continued taking it until I was entirely
are called palliatives. The number of restored to health. I have recommended
specific catarrh reme- Peruna to several friends with splendid
I—— ¦ dies is small indeed; results. I take pleasure In recommend-
r .T.npii the number of ca- ing Peruna to any one who was afflicted
iaiukhh tarrh palliatives Is as I was."
SPECIFICS legion. The effect of Four years later Mr. Linden writes: "t
.«._ catarrh palliatives is am still enjoying the best of health. I al-
AIVU >. often Immediate. . but ways recommend Peruna to any who I
CATARRH 'always temporary; run across who are afflicted as I was. I
they never cure. This have no need to take Peruna at present.
PALLIATIVES. kind of catarrh medi- I can say that Peruna saved my life. I
__ „__ __J cine includes, sprays, weigh 165 pounds. Before- I started tn*
snuffs. Inhalants, gar- take your medicine I weighed 12.?
gles and local applications of all kinds, pounds." — F. W. Linden.
They seem to cure for a while, but the If you do not derive prompt and «atls-
disease is sure to return. factory results from 'the use of Paruna.
Peruna belongs to the class of catarrh write at once to Dr. Hartman* giving a
remedies called specifics. Peruna does full statement of your case and h« will
not palliate the symptoms, but cures the be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
disease. It i3 sometimes slow In Its vice gratis.
action on old cases of chronic catarrh. Address Dr. Hartman. President of
but lt Is sure, and its effects are perma- The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbua. O.KNOXVILLE, Tenn.. Jan. 23. — Congress
man w. P. Brownlow (Rep.) was rencminated
to-day.
SEOUL. Jan. 23.— The Korean Gov
ernment has made a formal, declara
tion in the event of war between Japan
and Russia. : , •"'¦.',
Korea Declares Its Neutrality.
Removes Four Teamster?.
The Board of Public Works yester
day discharged four teamsters em
ployed at the corporation yard. Notifi
cations were sent to John Costello, John
Rogcrson, R. A. Summers and James
MoNamara that iheir services arc no
longer required. Ben Ivi* - y was ap
pointed to one of the vacancies.
I Widow Xot Entitled lo Pension.
City Attorney Long yesterday ad
vised the Board of Police Pension Fund 1
Commissioners that the application of
Mrs. Burke, the widow of the late Cor
poral John Burke, for pension benefits
under the provisions of the charter
must be denied.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 23.— The, San Jose-
Los Gatos Interurban Electric Railway
sent its first car over, its Market street
line at 11 o'clock to-day. AH last night
a large force was at work stringing the
trolley wires. Connection was made
across the line of the Sans Jose and
Santa Clara Electric Railway at Santa
Clara and Market streets before j day
break., Contractor Elder's force of men.
who were armed with ax handles, ; had
successfully guarded the wires on North
Market street during the night and
they were not molested. Center and
his men have made no efforts to string
wires or lay a third rail to-day,' but
there are rumors that another, injunc
tion will be served on the interurban
railway.
Railway Starts Its First Car.
SAN' JOSE. Jan.. 23.— The Santa Clara
County Bar Association, which has just
been organized, to-day elected the fol
lowing officers: President, V. A: Schel
ler; senior vice president, W. H. Johns
ton; junior vice president, J. C- Black;
recording secretary and corresponding
secretary, Edwin Coolldge; treasurer,
D. M. Burnett; trustees— Nicholas Bow
den (chairman), L. B. Archer (vice
president), Charles Clark, C. L. Witten.
John E. Richards, E. A. Wllcox, F. ' B.
Brown, H. C. Moore, J. W. Sullivan.
Edwin Coolidge was chosen as secre
tary to the trustees. Nearly every at
torney in Santa Clara County has been
induced to join the association, which
will work in conjunction with the San
Jose Law Library. - , .
Lawyers Elect Their Officers.
RENO, Nev. Jan. .23.— The Troy
Laundry Company's property in this
city was destroyed by fire to-night.
The loss is $20,000, with partial insur
ance. The largest stockholder is Sena
tor P. L. Flanigan.
Fire Destroys a Reno Laundry.
Woman Convicted of Manslaughter.
SONORA, Jan. 23. — At 2 o'clock
this morning, after being out ten
hours, the jury in the case of Marie
E. Jones, charged with murdering her
husband, returned a verdict, o'f man
slaughter and recommended the de
fendant to the mercy of the court
After the installation the lodge re
paired to the St.- Charles Hotel, where
a magnificent banquet was served.
There was speechmaking and a gen
eral jollification and it was late in the
morning before they left the banquet
tables. • Reports of officers show that
Court Italia is rapidly growing and is
becoming un influential lodge In this
city.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 23. — With a ban
quet and speechmaking Court Italia
No. 127, Foresters of America, in
stalled its officers for the ensuing term
last evening at the Italian Benevolent
Hall. Almost the. full membership of
the lodge was present and there were
many visitors from the other courts of
(he order. Grand District Deputy M.
D. Matei was the installing officer and
the following officers were seated: C.
R.. A. Vatoune; S. C. R., A. Basile;
financial secretary, A. Calabro; re
cording secretary pro tern., A. Devi:
treasurer. C. Romano; S. W., C.
Masfa; J. W., Ed Alario; S. B., E. Bat
talia; J. B., M. Guerriera; lecturer,
A. Barbaria; trustee, E. Santore.
Members of a Branch of the Foresters
of America Have Interesting Ses
, sion in Garden City.
COURT ITALIA INSTALLS
OFFICERS IX SAX JOSE
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— The Hous« to-day
adopted u resolution requesting, of the Secre
tary of the Navy, information as to the num
ber of horses, carriages and automobiles main
tained at the expense of the Government for
the officials of the Navy Department.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 23.— Frederick
Warde and other members of- his com
pany who belong to the Order of Elks
were the particular guests to-day of
San Diego Lodge No. 168. Norman
Hackett, one of the members of the
company, had. on the advice of Mr.
"Warde, beSn waiting for some time in
order that he might be initiated here.
The local committee had been hunting
for something new and had him ar
rested when he was leaving the theater
after the matinee. He was taken to
the "Police Court, where he was ar
raigned on a charge of larceny. He
was admitted to bail, and it was not
until he was fully initiated that the
actor knew that the arrest was planned
almost as a part of the ceremony. Over
200 Elks gathered at the banquet at
Elks' Hall after the evening perform
ance, when Messrs. Warde and Hackett
were the guests of honor. ' A speech
was made by State Senator M. L.
Ward.
San Diego Elks Entertain.
LOS ALAMOS, Jan. 23. — Three
shocks of earthquake have been felt
here since yesterday morningr. The
first occurred at 2:30 a. m. yesterday.
It lasted forty seconds and was very
severe. It extended from north to
south and was preceded by consider
able noise. The second occurred at
12:15 this morning and lasted fifteen
seconds. The third shock was felt at
noon to-day, -lasting five seconds. No
damage is reported.
Tliwe Shocks in the Santa Barbara
County Town, the First Pre
ceded by Noise.
EARTHQUAKE SHAKES
HOUSES IS LOS ALAMOS
MEN DESTROY
STREET FENCES
Forty Persons Make a Raid
at 'Sight on Obstructions
in a Eureka Thoroughfare
Special Dispatch to The Call
EUREKA, Jan. 23. — The fences
which were a few months ago erected
by property owners at the foot of D
street and which cut off entrance
from that thoroughfare to the water
front -were demolished by a crowd of
men, estimated at forty, at 1 o'clock
this morning.
.The men were supplied with picks,
axes and shovels and went quietly but
vigorously to work. Every obstruc
tion was demolished before a member
of the police force arrived on the
scene. There is nothing known that
would disclose the identity of the per
sons who engaged in tearing down the
obstructions.
The fences were erected by Eugene
TVoodin and Colonel AV. L. DufT, who
claim that they enclose their private
property. The city of Eureka -has
brought a suit against them to compel
them to remove the obstructions from
the street. Those who participated in
the night attack on the fences may
have been impatient at the delay
caused by the appeal to the courts
and believed in taking the law into
their own hands.
WOMAN BEGINS SUIT
TO OBTAIN PROPERTY
Resident of Santa Kosa Asks a Court
to Take Action Against
. Sail Franciscans.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 23. — Mrs. Han
nah A. D. Fleming brought an action
this afternoon in the Superior Court
against Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Connell of
San Francisco to regain possession of
her personal effects and a leasehold
for the White Sulphur Springs, near
this city. The damages wanted amount
to $3000. Mrs. Fleming alleges she
sold the defendants her effects and
lease for $1950; that $250 was paid
on January 11 and the remaining
$1700 was to be turned over on Jan
uary 20 and defendants were not to be
put in possession until the full amount
had been paid. Mrs. Fleming charges
that Connell and his wife forcibly took
possession of the premises contrary to
the agreement and refuse to surrender
the same to her. Mrs. Fleming was
recently sued for court costs and a
debt of her former partner, Emil
Hawes. and the sal«» of the property
took place about this time. An at
tachment was placed upon the prop
erty, but upon Mrs. Fleming declar
ing she had received all the money
for the sale. of the place, to which
Connell Is said to have given affirma
tion, the attachment was dismissed.
Liquidators Will Close Business.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 23.— The California
Cured Fruit Association is now In. the
hands of liquidators. President Wood
has turned over its affairs to W. P.
Lyon, "C. W. Childs and E, T. Pettit,
who were appointed by the growers to
close up, its affairs.. All the needless
expenses have . been cut off and the
association headquarters will be moved
to a less elaborate place. The liquida
tors will now settle up the business as
soon as possible and pay out what
money there is on hand to the grow
ers.
Hot IUvet Causes a" Lawsuit.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23. — C. F.
Murray, a show case manufacturer,
has commenced" suit against the
Llewellyn Iron Works Company for
$10,000 damages, because, he alleges,
one of the workmen of the defendant
company dropped a hot rivet from an
adjoining building, Into a pile of saw
dust on his- premises, setting them on
fire and destroying his entire stock.
EUREKA, Jan. 2^. — Findings of
fact and conclusions of law have been
filed by Judge Wilson of the Superior
Court in the suit of the Eureka and
Klamath River Railroad Company vs.
the California and Northern Railway
Company et al. and Judgment has
been ordered entered in favor of the
plaintiff company.
,The action was instituted to en
force a trackage agreement entered
into between the two roads January
12, "1902. The agreement was the re
sult of a compromise of a suit between
the companies and was signed by the
plaintiff and by F. J. Koster, superin
tendent, for the defendant The suit
was dismissed and the railroad war
was believed to be ended. The ef
•fect of the agreement was that the
two companies would exchange deeds
of rights of way and own in common
the track from A street to the east
em limits of the city. . After the suit
was dismissed the defendant company
refused to be bound by the agreement,
claiming that the agreement was im
properly executed in that it had not
the specific sanction of the company.
Unless an appeal is taken the water
front will soon again be opened up
for traffic and the northern part of
the county will have a through connec
tion by rail ,with southern Humboldt.
The Southern Pacific is behind the
Klamath road in the contest and the
Santa Fe, which has succeeded to the
properties of the defendant" company,
is the interested party on the other
side.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The case has been desperately fought
throughout by both prosecution and
defense. Attorneys from the home of
the slain men in Illinois assisted in the
prosecution. The Choissers were well
known in the section from which .they
came, and it is stated that they were of
good family and had always previously
borne good reputations.
It - was claimed by the prosecution
that the detectives entered the room of
the I Choissers without having an
nounced that they 'were officers, and
that if the Choissers resisted arrest it
(Cvas under the misapprehension that
they were about to be the victims of
a hcld-up. It was also contended that
Louis Choisser, the son, who was
killed as he ran from the room into the
hall after his father had been slain
by the detectives, was not in pursuit
of the latter, but that he was running
to summon medical aid for his father,
and, in fact, that he was unarmed at
the time he was killed. Justice Cham
bers ruled that these contentions had
not been established and that the offi
cers shot only in self-defense.
• Joseph . Choisser was'; wanted in
Equality, Ill.V'cn a. charge ot obtain
ing money under false pretenses, and
the local police' were ordered by tele
graph to make "the! arrest. . The three
detectives detailed on the case found
the' men in their" room at the Hotel,
where they resisted arrest and were
both shot and instantly killed by the
officers:" An attempt" was made to hold
the detectives for the shooting on the
ground of insufficient warrant for ar
rest.* .
XOS ANGELES, Jan. 23.— Police De
tectives Hatvley, Murphy nnd Covven,
held on a charge .^of manslaughter for
the killing of Joseph and Louis Chois
ser, father and son, at the Hotel Brox
burn. this city, on the night of Decem
ber 17, Tvere- to-day ordered released
by Justice Chambers. The', prelimin
ary hearing, ; which, has occupied two
weeks, closed Thursday, Justice Cham
bers holding his decision! in reserve un
til to-day, when he completely exon
erated the men for the killing.
Water Front Will Soon Be
Opened for Traffic Unless Ap
peal From Judgment Is Taken
Decision , of Judge Based on a
-Failure to Establish Conten
tion That Murder W 7 as Done
BIG COMPANIESINTERESTED
CLOSE OF EXCITING CASE
Three Police Detectives Who
Killed a Father and His Son
in Los Angeles Are Acquitted
Important Suit Involving a
Bight of Way in . Eureka
Is Settled by a Court
"JUSTIFIABLE"
SAYS A COURT
JUDGE DECIDES
RAILROAD CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, JANUARY 2 i. 1904.
24
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ¦ ' ¦ ¦ . ¦ -
f^-OR the next z days we w^^ ho * d the est Remnant Sale of its kind in our history. It
jS^ isn't a sale of one or two lines — IT is GENERAL — taking in every department^ in our
Store] There are hundreds and hundreds of Remnants that have accumulated during the month
of January, and as a fitting climax to one of our most successful clearance sales you will find pre-
pared the greatest and most tempting aggregation of bargains you have ever seen. Sale begins
at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning.
Remnants of Dress Goods J Remnants of Silks Remnants of Trimmings
Remnants of Flannels 1 1 Remnants of Linens Remnants of Linings
Odd Lines in Suits and Waists | | Broken Lines in Blankets and Comforters
TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS ON SUITS, WAISTS AND PETTICOATS
S»5 03 White flloaca Suits to close at fill OR $4.50 Ladles' Silk Waists to close at • Pj Afi
n,.-...^.-b' lP values-are made of send grade white iH '#•''[ About S5 Silk WaifU— broken lin<»6— sold as high as ¦hJV .
Atptca- latest cct w EM * $4.50. WI bMtt
S20 railarcrt Suits of mixed materials to clcsa ftjft gQ S6.00 and $7.00 SHk Waists to close at 00 95
InrtuofM arr Ions and m«Jium eoit effects— !n cheri- A I I! ' r ,. A grfat variety to choose from— Peau de Sale, Taffeta tfl j'_ *T*
lot* and niix«l -miitfriai*. . Vlv « ek and India Slllta. W I»eh
S25.00 Ladles' raliored Suits to close CM 85 silk Petticoats to dose at Ayj OQ
41! r:ir broken line? of $U.'> Suit* ct the choicest •! |"+V . Odd lines of our $7.50 Silk Petticoats in the best color,. iHfcp' V
* irmrriaU and b-st f tyle5. - . . Wl ' **" »nge. also white. w ¦ «ch
S3^.co a .d S40.03 Fancy smts to close oiQ.95 Muslin Underwear Greatly Reduced.
KS SSS "" ° f l3 ™ Gowns at 75c, wcrih $1. Skirls at 98c, worth $1.50.
S»7.50 an d S20 Military Box Coats to close at DQJ5 Drawers at 19c and 50c. Corset Coiers at 35c, worth 50c.
22*m S? US ard n " ck Kcrsey coat8 ~ th " e 00 E«h Mercerized Petticoats at 98e, worth $1.50.
EidcrdouTi Sacques at 75c, SI 25 and $1.50 Eiderdown Robes at $3.45
Worth fBpm ?1.2ri to $2.B0. The beat colorinjrs; reg. value $5.50.
LINING ) [EMBROIDERY ) f Handkerchiefs. Veilings,
REMNANTS. REMNANTS Neckwear.
Orer 500 Benmanti suitatle for $ c an ,i joe Kmbroideries for Yd. 4o Sc & 10c Handkerchiefs for. .4c ea.
sLtSf T^t» S S? MiSSf*' ** 12 He & 13c Embroideries for.. Yd. 7^o 15c & 20c Handkerchiefs. . .10c ea.
l«o"?^nings for Yard 5c 20c & 25c Embroideries for.. Yd. 12%c. 25c & 30c Handkerchiefs. . .16o ea.
15c I.iiiinfrs for Yard 7 He 3f)c and 35 C Embroiderie>« for.. Yd. 19c Veilingrs. worth 25c & 50c. .19c yd.
10c lininp* for! ¦.'.'.".* *".".". Yard 15c SOc and C5c Embroideries for.. Yd. 39o 25c & 50c Neckwear for. . . .19o ea.
50c Silk Moroen. .".*.".*.... Yard 25c 50c and 60c Tuckings for Yard 25c 75c & 51.00 Neckwear for. . .48c ea.
15o &• Me IMsfyrZ Yard 6Uo ?10 ° and ?L25 Tuckin^ s gw« :T *- 50 ° 75c & * 125 Trimmings for. .38c yd.
25.- & XBc Lsoes for. .... .Yard i6cj S5c and 50c Laces for Yard 19c J SI. 50 & $1.75 Trimmings. . .59c yd.
|S Remnants of Linens, Blankets and Flannels
REKNms of t(ble linens. . Blankets and Sheets, roc and i2j.4c flahnelettes.
An accumulation of over 200 piece* 5 • ppfatf«T RARCAIM^ An immense clean-up of y^o/\
in bleached and unbleached Table GREATEST BARGAINS. these wl ,, be made to .^ or . O|J|
I>in^n. in leostba from 1 > 2 to 4 yards. About 65 pairs are in this lot. Blank- row. Included are Flan- O/f
linen of the most reliable ««^*«. afe f CaUfornia production. nel « u t s \ n d^nty stripes vz »Twd
They must »m? disposed of at once and , w- oriTT ,_ «ii^htlv soilori wr» «ihall and checks; also cashmere fleeced
we have therefor* marked them cue- HaUngr become *lightl> soiled we shall back Flannelettes for wrap pers ' and
tlilrd leu than resrular ¦eUinf prices, sell them at less than the actual cost. waists; nice patterns; were selling at
._ .,„,.. _. , . »m m ?« nr 10c and 12 Vic; to close — A yard «?ic
Linen Napkins 10-4 Whiie Blankets, were S4.50, now S2.95
c,, d ,^n, of i.nen k«*h-. rt , QC 11-4 White Blankets, were S5.50, now. $3.95 ALL-WOOL FRENCH FLANNEL,
&*. r : <££??%£ £2-5 S \'™ 11-4 White Blankets, were $6.75, now. $4.85 P^Ta'^nl 1 !? 1^ SS QKC
fZ.M and (2.'T>; \o dose at VILM » . Ins colors; warranted pure wool: Jj" .
r nmfn ,K.r Rjrtaim Sheets and Cases. " "°« ¦• Mc ¦ >«" 1 Ilrt
w. ™ °" - ,1, ,,. „ ; r n 72.90 Sheets, worlk 60c, for 4S> EIDERDOWN FUNNELS,
doz^n o.M Comforters— the *>xtra \|,0U P1 T Qn Sheets WGrfh fi5c for 50c All-wool Eiderdown Flannel. AAA
h-avy klna which .r, B»f*J«5 01 Earh ""J """' W °"" ," C ' /" ' " " lA' J in Pink. Lirht Blue. R*d. Gray lf{\*
« «o*a^ < r.«5 l - : n *w . . |l.r.O each 45x36 CaSeS, WOrth 15c,-fOr ...1OC each [and Lavender; »ctu«l value 40o. T ard
LADIES' 'WOOL HOSE, I couxtuy orders receive trojut attextiox. LADIES'
_ii:__ _» v*fcc Mrhi "" " ¦ " mLmjl^ * - ' £%}C 311(1 ilUC & pELlt*.
8 •• LITTLE-AT-AkTlME PAYmENTS" |
I -& -^^U^sJ^ ( |
| CARPETS FOR EVERYBODY. |
S We are better prepared to sell you the best grades of car- 8
§ pets at lower prices than any other firm in the city. Why? g
g Because we did not join the carpet combine; because we S
« have no rent to pay: because we buy in carload lots and dis- pj
S count our bills — three substantial reasons why we can un- S
o dersell all other houses. In our furniture and stove depart- 8
8 ments we can give you the same special inducements to buy. 8
O Remember you are just as welcome to call and look at stock §
£> as to purchase. Your credit is good. S
I THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., |gf |
AD r; SJBT ISEMENTa.
8^ 5 S e i<3^ °^ tnc house^ old » for without
fl^ §iii\ it no happiness can be complete. How
laJffl M sweet the picture of mother and babe,
™ ™ iBsr IB "*M^ angels smile at ' "and commend the
El B ifflK H jgPK RqB thoughts and aspirations of the mother
HI? HH B E^ BL bcn . din ?? over thc cradle. The ordeal through
B» 1^ li F* M 19 la wh ich the expectant mother must pass, how-
*2» '^^Q^P^a ever, is so full of danger and suffering that
she looks forward to the hour when she 6hall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all the parts, and ' • "
preat crisis in perfect safety' . ™ MM aSai M «a *^Wj^
value to all women sent free. Address lp §gll K fy HH P H
BRADFIELD REGULATOR CO., Atlmat*. Co. W ttwMj^MwllMf
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A COXTIXUAIj DRAG.
The Exact Term.
Only those "who have experienced
the pain and suffering incident to
Piles, or Hemorrhoids can know what
a drag and handicap this complaint
ls;*how even the mildest forms hinder
the /patient from putting forth his or
her best efforts, while those afflicted
with bleeding and protruding plies re-
alize all the tortures of the Inquisi-
tion!
It may surprise the reader to know"
that there is a sure, permanent cure
for this disease, as the following tes-
timony from Mr. E. A. Leonard, an
American resident in the City of Mex-
ico, will show:': : ; ¦'•
"For twenty years I suffered with
piles, sometimes being confined to my
bed for days at a time. The relief re-
ceived from doctors, both in: the Unit-
ed States and Mexico, was 'temporary,
and more frequently I received ho re-
lief; other medicines, had no effect
It was a continual drag. I was fit for
'nothing. I finally tried pyramid Pile
Cure; first application was magical;*
I could not believe I was awake next
morning; I experienced a relief that
I had not .known for twenty years.
One box cured me; but not believing
niyself: cured; ; I- bought two more, but
: they , are -.still in >y trunk. I first
¦used thejremedy;in July, 1902; HAVE
HAD J\ r O -[OCCASION TO USE IT
SINCE.': : . The, world should know of
Pyramid 'Pile Cure. I have no words
to express' its- merits." V
.' Pyramid ;Piiej cure. is in the form
of ' a suppository, which is, admitted
by all physicians to .be the best prep-
aration for. treating piles; It comes in
direct contact with the. painful tu-
mors and 'does its work quickly and
painlessly. . / It is - sold by druggists,
generally. for' 50 cents a package, and
there Is rio other • remedy "Just as
good." " . " , • / . ; .
"Write Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich., for their little book on the
causes and cure of piles, which Is sent
free for the asking.
Agy^TISEMEirrS.
I 8I8-82O / v >vARK:eT 5T.t FDAKO5CO.
I Big Reductions on Waists. >$^^&^
8 $6.oo Velvet Waists re- Edgings; special yard -<?
« duced to 93.50 Very Fine Patterns of Eng-
g $5-oo Challi Wool Waists lish Torchon, yard. ...... .*»c
X- reduced to ?3.5O Fine Normandy Valenci-
•3 $3.00 Flannel Waists re- ennes, in a variety of
g duced to $1.75 beautiful patterns; _
§ $3.00 Fancy Oxford Chev- special, pet, yard. . . . . . . • 1Oc
S iot Waists reduced to 91-50 Venise Applique Galloons
S $2.50 Black Sateen Waists and Medallions in cream,
« reduced to $1.5O white and Arabian; spe-
5 $1.50 Black Lawn Waists cial, per yard lt>c
* reduced to O5c — ; " ~
I • A Few Bi^ "Specials.
Fancy Hair Ribbons; i J A in.; 35c Tooth Brushes cut to a''^
6 . plain and fancy. Special, for ••"' c
O yard 4c $i.co Hair Brushes JJ* C
g Fancy Novelty Ribbons: ¦* in. 25c to 40c 'Whisk Brooms. . "1e
g wide; in all shades. Value « c Bar French Castile Soap.Soc
» 10c, special 5c $ l00 Gents' Gold - plated
8 : — ' ' Chains cut to 55c
O /vhiqio $1.00 "Sunrise" Alarm Clocks
g /T1U»1L>. * cut to S5c
g 4 Big Hits— Special at I8C. 2SC Gents' Good -wearing
g "When We Were Two Little # Sus P e " dcrs i^^i 'ti'oV
g • Boys"* 5 1 - 00 and ? I#5 ° Colored - K
8 "Alone" (the hit at Fischer's); tf" 1 ! 1 "^
§ SPECIAL MONDAY Decorated Cord, all colors,
8 AT IOC ONLY special, a for 25c
0 CLEARANCE SALE Of DOOK.S.
O WONDEBFUL VAX.T7ES. r BEMABKABLE PRICES.
§ W« Intend this aale to last for one -w«^k. but early buyers will get the best
S selections. We cannot guarantee any special titles to be in stock after the nrst
8 day and advise country buyers to make a first, second and third cnoice.
S see wnn>ow dispx^t ros basoahts.
§ 250 BOOXS IOC. 81.5O COPTBIOKTS 50c
ft 150 titles, cloth bound books, with title Not any .hop-worn or s<?c °^: h *^
ft ln gold, by standard authors, cut to.. 10c books, but all fresh and new; published
8 at $1 50 and cut to 50c.
O 35C BOOXS 15o. Only room tr> advertise a few titles:
55 - Janice Meredith. The legatee. C.irl at
M 250 titles, cloth-bound books, by popu- th n a jf. wa y House. The Manxman.
8 lar authors, with title on face and back; Tommy and Orlzel Tale of the Ex- "
8 a big seller at 35c; closing at 15c. Tanks The Martian. The Castle Ifcn. A
» 41V. nOOSS 21c Whirl'" Asunder. De Wllloughby Claim,
rt 40c BOOKS 31C Vro9n The Intrudpr In the For. Second
* «>50 titles ! cloth- bound books, with Tho-Jihts of an Idle Fellow. \ la Crucls.
V Illuminated crtvers.. ln colors and gold and AVolfvilie Pays. Mr. Dooley s Philosophy
S best quality paper, illustrated, by popu- J»ysamy Bride. Ziska ana anoui mo
Y lar authors; leut to 2tc. °<ber». '
« ZmVES, BAZOSS Aim SS3LA.BS QJtOTnTD AITD EEPAIMD.
g ""^^jjj. PBAMES OPA1L DESCBTPTIOITS KADE TO OSDEB.
« C8»»5 g^OSCfcOCTCaeg.J05ffigOiC8gJO^CHgOfl^^ 0<>C8X>g<rO<i;OJCr^gCiEggC8a^
FOR SPLENDID LOTS ready for building,
right ln the city: 5-cent carfare.
NOTHING DOWN
$1.00 Week $1,00
Water Pipes in Front of Kach I»t.
These Lots Are Worth Fnur Times the Amouat
Askad.
SEE PROPERTY TO-DAY.
Tak» Kentucfcjr-st. car at U and Market to tl>«
REIS TRACT.
Cornering on Railroad ave. and ?»n Bruno
road.
Yon Can't Miss It. Slsn I» nn the Land.
AGENT AT TRACT SUNT»AY.
Do-vrntown Office Ot>en Evening*. -¦
REIS TRACT REAL ESTATE Cj).
019 Parrott bldg.. over Emporium.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great 7
itaUSEUfi! OF AHATOim
A Q) 1::: HASZi? sr. uu ssun, :.?. zii i
\ 177 T1>e Lsrcest Aaatonicai Museum in the \
V _^-j - ' Wornt Weaknesses or any contracted A
£ (KB 9m disease yMlllnlynrW try tike oideit Y
A fl^J I OR- JORDAM-O.'SEASES OF MEN J
\ yAVT^El Convoltirion free »nd utrictly priTits. \
Q I jywjJ H Traatmeit personally or by leuer. A M
\ n V B Ptnurt CW* in mi) die untlertaxea. W
S F If 11 fit w rite for Bosk. PULOROPBT mt A
" li 11^ BIBalMC, MilUO FIBS. fAf
X Q II- *>i>»ble book tor nn) \
V DB. JORDAN A CO.. 1061 Market St. & r*. f
Will of John 3luir Is Filrd.
L.OS ANGELES, Jan. 23. —^The will
of John A. Muir. the late general man-
ager of the Los Angeles Railway Com-
pany, has been filed for probate by
ExecUtor John D. Nicknell, It shows
the estate to consist of less than $30,-
.000 worth of property. $30,000 of
which is represented by stock in vari-
ous enterprises, $10,000 in business en-
terprises and the remainder in real
estate. The heirs are his widow and
fix sons.
ADVUB/nSEHEinS.
S5--A MOftTH~&5
AXiXi MEDICINES PBEE.
DRS. SHORES & SHORES
HOT ONX.T CUBE CATAXSB. bat
they care Stomach Trembles. Xldnay
Diseases. Bladder Troubles. Heart
Disease, Piles. Tistula and Bectal
Diseases. Diseases of 'Women aad
Children, SUa Diseases. Deafness.
Asthma, Bronchial and Itung . Trou-
bles. Rheumatism. Hay Fever, Lest
Strenjrth, Blood Disease* and all
forms of Nervous and Chronic Dis-
eases.
WEAK MEN
¦• If you suffer frcm any of the weaknesses
or diseases caused by lcnoranc*. dissipation
or contagion YOU AKfc THE VERY PER-
SON WE WANT TO TALK TO.
Gonorrhoea. S p e rxoatorrhoea.
t» ...«. ,.«„,. «,«. Stricture. Piles,
lapse after being C*U. O r g a n i c
rtlscharceil «» cured. w^eaxness, etc..
! and we cure in lees are also aiacnjr
' time than the ordl- tne diseases we
nary , forms of cur* to stft.y
treatment require. cured.
Varlcocelc Specific
Absolutely pato- Blood Pols on
less treatment that No dangerous mln-
cures completely. erals to drive the
I n v e s tljcate our Ttrus to tb* .late-
method. It fa the rtor. ! but harmless.
only thoroughly scl- blood - cleansing
entitle treatment for remedies that re~
thl» disease being move the last pois-
erarloyed- onous taint.
Box&e treatment cures. Writs for free
symptom list If you cannot call. Con-
sultation tn person cr by letter free.
DRS. SHORES & SHORES
SZKBST SPECIALISTS.
933 Market St.. San rraaclsco. OaL
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
A quaint
music cabinet
Another example of the
possibilities of "simplicity"
as applied to furniture de-
. 'signing. It is not surpris-
ing that the idea is gaining
in popularity by leaps and
: bounds when such creations
as this are brought forth.
The cabinet is divided into
two separate compartments.
The top one contains four
shelves and has double
doors with inlaid metal or-
nafrientatiorr in centers. The
lowers section has two
shelves and a place for
. books. Built of "fumed"
oak and measures 49 inches
high, 20 inches wide and 17
inches deep. Price fifty
dollars. "A similar pattern
at. forty dollars.
261 to 281 Geary Street
At Union" SquareTo;day American dried fruits, canned
meats and vegetables, office furniture,
typewriters, cash registers and many
article's of ironware used in the con
struction of buildings, etc.. are well
established and of constant demand in
European ¦ markets.
In tho United States the distance of
the average railway journe, is twenty
nine miles, in England it is scarcely
ten miles, while In Germany It is fif
teen miles, in France twenty-one miles
and Austria sixty-five miles.
:«K?!n?r proportion of cotton, and the
• J;.-tum that the negro is absolutely in
dispensable for cotton culture is fast
becoming a worn-out tradition. ¦
The official vi+vrn of the Louisiana
PurciiaR* Imposition to be held at St.
. ¦>..< will Ur issued as supplements to
The Su:»«»ay O«ll. lx»ginning with tUo. is
si;.: «»f Sunday. January 31. Agents and
::'-ws<Jfukrs will <1<i well to order early.
.-»«; thf.f will be. a great demand for these
b-jauiiful views.
ft . *-•_
Whitf farm labor is producing an !n-
fit. J.ouN World's Fair Views In Beau
tiful Colors.
OUT NEXT SUXDAY.
A Snab for the Kaiser.
After the fire last year in the old
ciety of Marienburg, the former home
of the Teutonic knights, the Kaiser
promised £50 to each of the five own
ers of burned houses if they would
rebuild them in the quaint gabled
Ktyl* of the Middle A*es.
Four of the houses -were correctly
reconstructed and each owner receiv
ed £50. The fifth made some slight
deviation from the Kaiser's plan and
not receiving the imperial gift, took
down the gables, built the rooms in
rnpderjn style and put this inscription
right Rcroa the front of the house:
Baue niclit auf Herrcngunst;
t>b^ Dein* eigren Kunst.
T!::s may Y>*> freely translated:
Hely not on the favors of the great;
The art that is within thee cultivate.
— London Daily Mail.
The Irish horse has lost none of its
excellence. Judging by the sires and
the young gallopers shown at Balls
bridge, it will hold more than its own
in coming races. There may be an
other Galtec Moore, another Ard Pat
rick among the colts, fit to capture
the blue ribbon of the turf; I know
not; but the Irish horse seems to have
a blanket mortgage on the Grand Na
tional Steeplechase, j Tou remember,
I dare say, that in the last Grand Na
tional the Irish bred chasers were 1,
2, 3 when the numbers went up. In
deed, there have been very few year*
since, in 1S39, the great race was es
tablished, when Irish horses have not
won. And if that course be not a test,
then horseflesh \va3 never tested. It
is almost four and a h^lf miles in
length and bristles with thorn fences
and, not to speak of "Beecher's
Brook." the water jump is sixteen feet,
with a grorsed fence on the ta.ke-on*
side. It takes a good man on a stout
hearted horse to face that course. The
history of the Irish winners of this
formidable event — from Matthen
down to Drumcree — speaks clearly
cnou§h the glory of the good breed.
Outing.
The Irish Jumper.
About 3000 head of cattle were
dipped in oil in Colorado, Tex., under
the personal supervision of . J. B.
Goodlett of Quanah for C. A. O'Keefe.
The cattle, are not to be moved from
the O'Keefe ranch, but were dipped,
bellevingthat it would be a benefit to
them. Mr. O'Keefe has had a large
stone dipping vat constructed on his
ranch and is a firm believer In the ef
ficacy of the dip. Mr. Goodlett. who
Is the State agent', for the official dip
adopted by the State Livestock Sani
tary Commission, says that an inves
tigation into the situation has con
vinced him that there is to be prac
tically no movement of cattle across
the line thi3 winter. He thinks there
•will be a fair movement v in the spring,
however, -when dipping will be gener
ally practiced. Speaking of the recent
dipping in crude Texas oil that was
done in his home town under Federal
dirction, he says'. it is a conceded fact
that oil will kill the fever ticks, but he
does not believe that dipping, in oil
¦will . ever become general. He says
while the oil may not injure the cat
tle, yet for the period of about two
weeks it' transforms them into ithe
most disreputable looking beasts that
ever walked the face of the earth. In
a fortnight the oil has had time to
•wear off.— Galveston Xews.
Cattle Dipping in Texas.
The recent death of Lord Rawton,
Disraeli's secretary and the executor of
his estate, brought to light the follow
ing explanation of how Mrs. Brydges
Willyams came to leave her fortune to
Lord Beaconsfleld: "Dizzy received one
morning a letter from Mrs. Willyams—
whom he did know — in which she
said that she had read his novels with
much interest and would like to make
his acquaintance. She also asked a
question which rendered it necessary
for him to answer the letter. Unfortu
nately, the letter was left in his great
coat pocket, and Dizzy did not wear
the coat until several months after,
when he happened to be in the south of
England, and in the very town In which
Mrs. Willyams lived. Coming across
the letter In such circumstances, It oc
curred to him to call upon her, and
Mrs. Willyams was so flattered at, as
she thought, his carrying the letter so
long about him and then calling that
she decided on leaving him her for
tune. That shows how wise it is not to
answer letters," added Lord Rawton. —
Exchange.
Fortune In Unanswered Letter.
WAGON' MOUND, N. M., Jan. 23.—
Fire of unknown origin this morning
destroyed the big Wagon Mound hotel
and for a time threatened to sweep the
entire town. The proprietor of the ho
tel, his wife and all the guests were
forced to flee in their night clothes and
several had to jump from windows to
save their lives. J. W. Jenkins was al
most suffocated before he could be
aroused. He jumped from a window.
Hotel In Xew Mexico Burned.
CHICAGO, Jan. 23.— Upon the man
agement and builders of the Iroquois
Theater has been placed the responsi
bility for the flre horror, in a report
rendered to Mayor Harrison by Fire
Chief Murham to-day. The report was
prepared by Flre Department Attorney
Monroe Fulkerson after examination of
nearly 100 witnesses in the days imme
diately following the fire. No criticism
is made of the building department,
although several violations of the
building ordinances are noted. Attor
ney Fulkerson concluded that the the
ater building was not completed at the
time it was opened, that the theater
employes did what they could to put
the flre out, and that the doors and
exits were generally locked throughout
the building. - ,
Between 300 and 400 relatives of vic
tims of the Iroquois Theater fire at a
meeting to-day began the permanent
organization of the Iroquois Memorial
Association, which has for its chief ob
ject the erection of a monument to the
memory of the persons who lost their
lives in the holocaust. It is proposed
to build a towering building monument
of absolutely fireproof material upon
the site of the theater ruined. Offers
of large sums of money are said to
have been made by several prominent
persons, whose names will be used to
head a public subscription. Whether it
will be their purpose to erect such
hospital or an office building has not
been decided.
Fire Chief "Renders - Report
Fixing Responsibility for the
Chicago Theater Disaster
PLACE BLAME
ON MANAGERS
SWAKOP.MUND,, German South
west Africa, Jan. 23.—^Lieutenant Zue
low's force of 120 men, which, as an
nounced on January 16, appeared to
be in a dangerous position near Wal
dau, has fought its way through the
rebels besieging Okahandja and has
joined the garrison, which occupies a
strong position. The railroad for a
distance of twenty-five miles is re
ported destroyed.
Lieutenant Zuelow's Squad in Sonth
Africa Has Narrow Escape From
Hcsicjjing Nn fives.
GERMAN FORCES FIGHT
THEIR WAY TO SAFETY
The population of Ireland is 4,432,274,
and the decrease for the last year has
been 16,003.
Out of 156,000 houses or flats in Glas
gow, -36.000 have one room only and
70,000 only two rooms.
That the damage to property and
individuals was not greater was prob
ably due to the efficiency of the fire
drill of the employes. When the great
bell at the top of the rotunda sounded
the alarm of flre every janitor, en
gineer and fireman in the building re
sponded and long before the Fire De
partment had arrived the Temple Fire
Brigade had attached hose to the
standpipes, which extend from the
basement to the roof of the structure,
and eight streams of water were
turned upon the flames by the volun
teer firemen. The Fire Department
used but little of its hose, the building
equipment being called into use.
CHICAGO. Jan. 23.— Fire in the
twenty-story Masonic Temple to-day
caused a panic among the 4000 occu
pants of the building and damaged
the stock and fixtures of tenants to
the extent of 520,000. All occupants
of the buildins: escaped without se
rious injury through the bravery of
the elevator men. who remained at
their posts operating their cars while
dense clouds of smoke filled the build
ing. The fire broke out in the suite
of five rooms on the fifth floor occu
pied by Robert Friedlander & Co.,
manufacturers of X-ray apparatus. A
lighted match carelessly thrown by
an employe into a pile of excelsior in
th'! packing room Is believed to have
started the flre. There was a large
number of X-ray vacuum tubes stored
in the company's rooms and these
exploded the moment the heat reached
them. liobert Friedlander, senior
member of the firm, realized the dan
ger from these tubes and worked un
til overcome by smoke, throwing them
out of the window. The flre spread
rapidly from the packing room to the
other rooms and in a few minutes the
entire suite was on flre and the light
shaft of the building was filled with
flames. The thousands of occupants
of the building, with the memory of
the Iroquois Theater holocaust, which
occurred half a square away, fresh in
their minds, were alarmed when
clouds of smoke filled every floor and
rushed to the elevators. Many women
fainted in the scramble to get into
the elevators, but none were seriously
injured-. The large building was
emptied within half an hour after the
fire was discovered. Hundreds of
men and women groped their way
through the smoke and came down
the stairs. The injured were: •
Robert Friedlander, aged 45, over
come by smoke and slightly burned;
Julius Ernst, hands and face burned;
John Stack, stock boy, slightly burned
about hands; Henry Buest, slightly
burned about head; B. Smith, 60 years
of age, trampled by crowd: Walter
Daveny, hands cut by flying glass;
"Walter S. Parker, burned about face;
Estelle McJ^eod. burned about face
and overcome by smoke; William
Schultz, fireman, both hands cut by
flying glass; Carl Tillenbach, fell down
stairs while leaving building, badly
bruised.
Through the Efficient Fire
Drill of the Employes the
Flames Are Readily Subdued
ELEVATOR MEX ARE BRAVE
Blaze in Fifth Floor of Masonic
Temple in Chicago Causes
Panic and Many Are Hurt
FIRE DAMAGES
A SKYSCRAPER
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, SUNDAY. TANUARY . 24. 1904.
25
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Induce Perspiration.
To stop the Grip or Influenza, to break
up. a Cold, to prevent Pneumonia, you
must induce "perspiration. The first mis-
erable feeling "of catchlns Cold" is
caused by checked circulation of the
blood. This is the time to take Dr.
Humphreys' "Seventy-seven" — it Imme-
diately starts the blood coursing through
the veins, t Induces perspiration and
breaks up the Cold.
The tonicity of "77" sustains the sys-
t«v« during: and restores the vicor after
the attack. At Druggists'. 25 cents.
* GTMedical Guide mailed free.
Humphreys' Med. Co., Cor. "William tod
John Sums, New York.
fiflfl EOBSB^k Em 'BIS^BS^^mW
FOR
tfmEBpj
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|j£« '. ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO- piiprO
CHEMIC UllllLU
• Such . cures as Mr.- Peterson's,
/^^x jfet^VftflL whose testimonial appears below,
ant^f "^^v A^lfcNSiP cx pl ain w hy the Electro-Chemic
/^sBra /*' vll&«r practice, in less than two years,
\tL^^L^j^^L^y^^^ * s e largest medical practice in
jf* W*^^^| J^sKsL San Francisco.
/ Yf 8 "^ vJ//MV$S^V He tells how Elcctro-Chcm-
/ \\ mill If I fiH» * str^ curec * his- cough; how it
¥ /? /////mi <! 'i I Ilia curc 4 the severe lung pains ; how
* \ 'WMXU&llu In I I 'in ** kuilt him up ; how it stopped
m^/Z/mSIUl um L i III the " n 2* n g ear n °J ses an d im-
iVwm^^iil) proved his hearing and how it
B l$^n//]r~~* ff^|V cured the awful neuralgia which
t-' Tjjf / v» » at times racked his head.
Mr. Peterson is an old resident of San Francisco, well known in archi-
tectural iron work. He says: "I found myself growing very sick. Catarrh
was at the bottom of my trouble. I was quite weak. I had a bad cough.
I had pains in my lungs. I was losing weight and strength rapidly. I had
severe neuralgia. My ears were ringing most of the time, and I was grow-
ing deaf. I looked as if I were going into consumption. I had to lose con-
siderable time from my work, and at last I never felt well enough to do
my work without considerable effort.
A friend advised me to go to the Electro-Chemic Institute, 118
Grant avenue. As medical treatment was doing me no good, I decided to
go. The way the Electro-Chemic specialists took hold of me gave me
confidence. The careful examination which they made of me made me feel
that they knew my exact condition and could cure me.
I have not been disappointed. The very first treatment helped me.
My strength rapidly returned. I had such an appetite in a few days after
beginning the Electro-Chemic treatment I could hardly get enough to eat.
Everything tasted good and everything agreed with me. My cough has
been perfectly cured, and the pains in my lungs arc all gone. The ringing
in my ears has stopped and I hear perfectly. The awful neuralgia that fre-
quently attacked me has been cured. It is man-clous that all of, this could
be done in one short month. I began the Electro-Chemic treatment on De-
cember 16, .1903. and was dismissed thoroughly cured on January 16,
1904 — just thirty days. I have not lost a single day from my work since
I began the treatment, and I am strong and well, and my work is now a
delight instead of a burden.
I am employed at the Western Iron Works, on Beale St., between
Mission and Howard, and I live at 102 Arlington st. I feel it my duty to
recommend to others the treatment which has so quickly, so thoroughly
and so cheaply cured me. (Signed) N. PETERSON,
102 Arlihgton St., San Francisco.
Home Treatment.
Some of our best cures are accomplished by the Eleotro-Chemlc home treat-
ment. We advise all our outside patients, when they can. possibly arrange to da
so. to visit our office for a careful personal examination: When' this is impossi-
ble write. us a short description of symptoms and' full instructions . resardin*^
home examination and treatment will be promptly forwarded.
Patients taking home treatment are loaned an expensive Electro-Chemic
apparatus free of charge until cured. Those coming for examination can return
home the same day, taking the necessary treatment and Instrument along.
Electro=Chenric Specialties. Cioptrn-PhoiTlip
Electro-Chemistry cures painlessly. |~ifj|j|llj ll 3 ll
quickly, permanently and cheaply Ca- ¦¦¦WW 111 *
tarrh; Consumption. Asthma. Bronchitis. « . ¦¦¦ ¦ s *"
Deafness. Ringin? Ears. Cancers. Tu- InAflffllffA
mor?. Old Sores, Blood Poison. Rheuma- filiVlililRU
lism. Nf-uralsia. T.ocomotor VUaxia. Par- lilOIllUBOl
alysis. riles. Diseases of the Nervous ¦ ¦ ¦ w • j - w » mm j
System. Diseases of,, the Stomach. Liver. '
Kidneys and Bowels. Bladder and Pros- 1|« (irnnt AVP Lftr PflM St
tatlc Diseases. Special Diseases of Wo- "U UlPUl Hf Ct, WV1. I UM JU,
men. Special Diseases of Men. Stricture, sa.N FnASCISCO.
Proitatltls, Weakness, Varlcocele. Ofllce hour*. >-a. m. to 5 p. n. and 7
Consultation IT* TT 1""* *° * P- m - daily" Sundays 10 a. tn. to 1 p.
and HKf r* m. . Separate apartments for ladie* and
, Examination ¦***"'*-' gentlemen.
; ' ': ' ' _ _ ADVERTISEMENTS. ... V _"['_ " "^':: .! . . ' iti
";-¦ ¦ -~ ~-- - : ' •¦• .-¦¦¦-¦ . • ¦: - •¦¦ ¦•> • ¦ .;.>¦•¦:-»¦¦• ¦ .-¦• ¦
The Cost of Clothing Your Boy !
of the latest styles from 45c up. { '^^^^^^^^'SJfPK/ted from life.
" sailor caps in cloth, corduroy or leather \ "*
— — ¦- —————¦¦——¦- mmm — a t a H priceS. j — ¦ ¦¦ — ¦— ¦— — —^ .
Books for Boys |g| KTTZTZtr^^ rA Mail Orders
In our American Boys' Library— Ww! if If i A, § Mm Ma// Orders tor an y of these
Any patron of the store is en- V^J I ip-^LS \Jr\j QmS? OJ § \J? advertised goods will be prompt-
titled to free membership. 1. - ¦ .. 1 \m\* / y fi/j ed Wnte io _j aYm
- 1 740 Market Street u — — »
S7C WORTH OF
10 FURNITURE
$7.50 GASH and
$1.50 A WEEK.
HERE IS A RARE CHANCE TO
FURNISH YOUa HOME WITH A
SMALL OUTLAY.
DRESSER IT. 75 GASH
And $1.00 a Week
bevel plate /i| f™ . jj^
drawers and 1^**^
2 large ones, j k£§|§l|l||P|f
PARLOR TABLE $1.00 CASH
; And 50c a Week
-t • W . I n PRICE
ROCKER
T.Brilliant Furniture Go.
338-342 POST STREET,
ADVZKTISEMIKTS.
...Of Our Great... |
Only six days more. Prices go down another notch ' for |j
the *inal clean-up. Every department is full of good bar- §§
Sain? — the kind that pav vou to at least investigate. H
50c Plain Tafieta Silk 25c Yard. g
iQ-Inch plain Taffetas— in black, cardinal, cerise, amethyst, ||
cream and navy. Good 50c value. Remnant Sale price ? %{* H
$1.00 Gros de Londres Silk 57c. 1
Gros de Londres Silks, especially suitable for evening: wear, in II
white, ivory, light bluej cardinal and black. Worth $1.00 per C7~ y
yard. Remnant Sale price O £ K* M
Fancy SilKs 57c Yard. I
A splendid line of fancy Silk? for waists and skirts in an im- H ¦
ir.ense variety of Taffeta and Louisine stripes and checks. Bourettes |j I
and Corded Novelties, ail colors and styles; worth from 7SC Cy^ H i
to $1.75 per vard. Remnant Sale price, yard *J f ** Hi
50c Zibelinc Cheviots 19c Yard. j
In lengths from 2\-' 2 to 10 yards, in oxford and reseda eravs, ll
blacks, navys, cadets and delft blues, 38 inches wide — a eood heavy H
quality, worth 50c on the bolt. Remnant Sale price, yard fQ^' 1
50c German Cashmeres 23c Yard. 1
In mostly eveninc shades, such as cream, cardinal, rose pink, skv [1
blue, oxblood, etc., suitable for fancy waists, tea rowhs and party y
drc5?es. A close twill, silkv finish quality. Width 3,7 inches. All K
lengths from ij£ to 10 yards. Remnant Sale price, yard -7 j^, B
$1.00 Black Iron Alpacas 49c Yard. I
An extra heavy aualitv: full 52 inches wide; a rich, fast black. H
Very silky. Also comes in navy blue, new blue and garnet. In K
lengths from i T i to 9 yards — the dollar quality. Remnant >q_ K
Sale price, yard Kj
SPECIAL — One entire table of waist length remnants from 57c B i
to $1 .95 for the waist length — worth from $1.50 to $3.50 the remnant. H
50c Cushion Tops 21c Each. 1
Cushion Tops, somcthine entirely new, which we place on sale Es
at Remnant price. Has conventional de^ippi center and border of §3
ivy and red berries. We have one complete for your inspec- Olf Eg
linn. Remnant Sale price, top, back and ruffle £ ll* m
35c Dozen Lace Medallions 15c Dozen, i
Beautiful assortment of new Lace, Medallions for dress trim- H
ming and collar makinjr. The kind so greatly in demand at the n
present time. Colors are white, ecru and black. Regularly itZs^ H
jr^c and 3=;c per dozen. Remnant Sale price, per dozen iOC M
15c and 25c All SilK Satin Ribbon 5c Yd §
The grcate>t value ever offered. Widths range from No. 5 to Eg
No. 22. in a great variety of colors and black. The price is so S n Q
low that they won't last lone Remnant S,alc price, yard OC H
Corset Cover Embroideries. 1
The latest patterns for making corset covers, all come with bead- If
ins: or openwork tops to draw ribbons through. Makes a very £1
pretty corset cover. Some have lace insertion and edging. See our tg
patterns made r.p — widths 12 to 14 inches. Prices $1.00, 75c, QC^, B I
650. 50c OOC H
75c Sheets 55c Each. 1
'Full size for double bed. Size Stxoo inches. Made of heavy H
bVacIied muslin, soft finish. Sold elsewhere at 75c. While {a
the 60 doze,n on hand last Remnant Sale price will be, l?e B
dozen OOC B
1754c Pillow Cases lie Each. 1
A splendid case. 4^x36 inches in size, wide hem, nice soft finish, pf •
bleached muslin. Regular price I7!^c each. Remnant Sale #/_ t!
price •• iiC R
$4.75 Arabian Curtains $3.45 Pair. 1
Genuine Arabian Curtains, beautiful effects. Plain centers and |i
heavily corded borders. Sold regularly at $4.75 a pair. q -j j g k|
Remnant Sale price *pO»40 B
20c, Curtain Rods 9c Each. 1 1
Highly polished brass Extension Rod>. Extend from q H
30 to 54 inches. Good value at 20c. Remnant Sale price VC A
Suits, Cloaks, Waists and SKirts. I
Very decisive price-cutting has been resorted to in this depart- 9
ment. All this year's styles are being sacrificed. Every garment is
f • •"! free of charge, and a perfect fit is guaranteed in every case. IS
Suits. 1
$15.00 Suits reduced to $7.50 m
535O0 Suits reduced to $14.7*5 ra
$30.00 Suits reduced to ij&19.75 w ;
Coats. • I
$10.00 Coats reduced to 94.7K H
$15.00 Coats reduced to • • . ., $6.7o »
S.23.00 Coats reduced to $1 4.75 ||
$25.00 Coats reduced to '. 91(J.5O E4
Skirts. 1
$5.00 Walking Skirts reduced to »n.»."» g
$4.50 Walking Skirts reduced to $2.95 ftf
Waists. I
$3.00 Flannel Waists reduced to $l.!5O fj
S3. 75 Flannel Waists reduced to JJ5iI.4f» gjj
$3.50 Alpaca Waist reduced to JJ5U.4O e|
No samples sent. Order at once. If goods are not 'Satisfactory H
money will be refunded. HNATIVE SONS TO nOLD
ST. LOUIS CELEBRATION
Observnnce of California's Natal Day
Likely to Take Place at the
Big Exposition.
STOCKTON, Jan. 23.— It is proposed
by the Native Sons of the Golden West
to hold the next celebration of Admis
sion day— September 9— at the St. Louis
Exposition. The managers of the expo
sition have set aside that date and des
ignated it California day. The Califor
nia commission -.to the fair has turned
the matter over to the Native Sons,
and Grant President R. H. McNoble,
who will preside at the celebration, has
accepted the invitation on behalf of the
Native Sons.
Mr. McNoble will leave for Los An
geles to-morrow morning, his idea be
ing to visit all the parlors of the south
ern part of the State and secure the
consensus of the various parlors on the
advisability of having a parade of 10,000
Native Sons at St. Louis on September
9. There are 17,000'Native Sons, and it
is believed that fully 10,000 can be in
duced to attend the celebration at St.
Louis.
Sx\N FRANCISCAN MAKES
HIS DEBUT AS PIANIST
Critics Comment Favorably on the
, Performance of Irwin E. Hassell
in Berlin.
BERLIN, Jan. 23. — Irwin E. Hassell
of Sain Francisco made his debut as
a pianist to-day at the Sing-Akademie,
assisted by the Philharmonic orchestra.
The- critics comment In a kindly man
ner on his performance.
SAN MATEO, Jan.' 23.— An unknown
man, who is supposed to have been a
laborer, was killed near Millbrae this
afternoon by the Del Monte express.
He was of large stature and probably
about 60 years old. The inquest will be
held I next Wednesday.
Train Kills an Unknown Man.
Russia's Step to Institute
Laws to Better Conditions of
Peasants Evokes Enthusiasm
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 23. — The
Imperial ukase ordering the assem
bling of Government conferences un
der the presidency of the Governors
of the various provinces where the
rural authorities hold office and in
the Governments of Kieff, Volhynia
and Podolia in order to elaborate the
peasant laws, monopolized attention
here, relegating the Far Eastern crisis
to secondary place. The press enthu
siastically hails the proposed reforms,
which are based on the manifesto of
March 11, 1903, the newspapers reit
erating this is the greatest step
for the betterment of the conditions
of the peasantry since the emancipa
tion of the serfs. The ukase is wel
comed by the Liberals," although the
Novostt remarks that "it is a pity that
the peasants themselves and not em
powered specifically to send, dele
gates." The drafting committee pro
poses that the laws shall be guided by
the following: aims':
First, to harmonize the existing
peasant legislation with modern re
quirements.
Second, to reorganize the courts in
order to expedite the settlement of
village disputes. • :
Third, to define individual rights re
garding communal lands.
Fourth, to discover means for stim
ulating individual enterprise and the
adoption of modern methods.
Fifth, to settle disputes between the
peasants and neighboring land own
ers.
Sixth, to institute, in the peasants
respect for the laws and rights of
property.
The new laws will only be applica
ble to the provinces of European Rus-r
sia, where reliable statistics and data
are available, without which the draft
ing committee declines to undertake
the taskr -
x rate practically equivalent to the
Dpen market call loan rate. Gross earn
ings of railroads continue to be well
maintained, sentiment over the Iron
and steel trade outlook has distinctly
improved, and the profitable terms on
vvhich the country's cotton and grain
crops are being marketed is of grow
ing impresiveness.
The growing demand for bonds. has
jeen of small influence in proving senti.
ment over the outlook for securities,
as a pressure of capital for employment
in railroad mortgages is a not unusual
prelude to an expanding market for
stocks. The extraordinary demand for
United States Steel second 5's and for
Rock Island bonds, while overshadow
ing the bond market, has not precluded
a good demand at advancing prices for
higher grade bonds.
Quotations on call for Government
bonds have not changed during the
week.
When rates for call loans fall to the
rate paid by New York banks on de
posits outside lenders call in their loans
nnd fall back on the deposit rate paid
by the New York banks, which are
thereby driven to find employment for
these funds, on which they are paying
The entire tranquillity with which the
money market has met the flotation of
a number of railroad bond Issues has
served to prove its adequacy to provide
for this class of requirements, which
has been a source of anxiety for many
months past. The rapid expansion of
the loan item of the clearing-house
banks in the last month has kept alive
this apprehension, but with a loan ex
pansion in a month of $55,000,000 the re
serve item increased over $32,000,000, and
the surplus above the legal requirement
grew to the extent of $3,156,250, money
)n call has fallen .to 2 per cent or under
md the rates for time loans have de
clined correspondingly, while the banks
liave been eager buyers of commercial
paper. The large influx of gold result
ing from the heavy trade balance In
jur favor for two months past has con
:urred with the return flood of^Tur
rency from active trade channels to
pile ui> in reserves in the New York
oanks. No small part of the increase
n New York bank loans is due also to
the transfer of toan items from trust
companies and from interior banking
nstitutions to the New York banks.
rhese outside institutions lend their de-"
posits in the New York banks directly
ivhen money rates are higher and the
profit attractive.
MOVEMENTS OF LOAN'S.
This kind of professional and feemi
professional operations is subject to
certain rusnicion always in the early
stages, owi.ns? to the ulterior purposes
which may be involved, such as the
making of a market for new securities
designed to be floated. It is also true,
however, that operations of this class
almost invariably serve to introduce
speculative -movement of large scope
nnd of wider public participation. The
persistent abstention of this class of
operators from activity has, in fact, In
timidated the smaller class of ope
rators. The development of these large
operations have been effective In driv
ing to cover a large bear party in the
market who had been obstinate in
maintaining the short side because the
large operators had not made their
appearance on the Ions side. The rush
to cover of the long standing and un
wieldy short interest was a material
factor in the buoyancy late in the
week. The movement was a crys
tallization of a number of influences
which have been under discussion for
some time past, rather than any sud
den change in conditions. The fear of
war between Russia and Japan was
rather definitely eliminated from the
situation and even more so the appre
hension of its unfavorable effect here
should it threaten again. The grow
ing conviction of the abundant re
sources of the money market to meet
all demands upon it has also been of
growing force upon sentiment.
.. money; .outlook firm.
IIIGn GRADE OPERATIONS.
broadened out and grown in volume
in the course of the past week, rising
to a degree of activity and an appear
ance of strength not seen for many
months past. The distribution of se
curities affected by this movement does
not appear to be very wide, ac
cording to the reports of the commis
sion houses, whose dealings represent
the demand of the so-called outside
public which continue to complain of
the small share of the increased busi
ness being done. In contrast the brok
erage lirms having a membership repre
sentative of the large individual ope
rators whose movements are in them
selves on a scale to dominate the mar
ket in ordinary times and whose lead
ership is looked for by a large specu
lative following to decide their action
in the market, have been very conspic
uous in the dealings. In other words
the market has continued largely pro
fessional. Other operations have been
attributed to some of the large bank
ing interests and groups of capitalists
who dominate the control of the prop
erties who3e shares are dealt in on the
Stock Exchange whose activity in the
market was looked upon as that of In
side interests. Operations of the latter
class have been manifest for several
weeks past, but they have been con
fined hitherto to the stoclts of smaller
railroad*-: and industrials of a volume
easily manipulated in the market and
subject to the Influence of speculative
pools. The transactions of the week
have extended to the high grade
stocks, with corresponding growth of
the sympathetic effect on the general
market.
CZAR'S UKASE
IS POPULAR
One of the first acts of Governor Car
ter, in view of the county act decision,
was to instruct High Sheriff Brown to
take charge of prisoners, county and
Territorial, and to resume his general
control of police affairs of all the isl
ands. No definite course was decided
upon except that the Territory must
Immediately take hold of police affairs.
With nobody in charge of jails and
other police matters there might be a
general delivery of prisoners, for as the
law stands the so-called county officers
who have the convicts in charge have
no legal power or duty to detain them.
What the Supreme Court did not de
cide in the county bill case Is regarded
as of the highest importance in view
of the possibility of the Legislature try
ing to enact another county law. The
general issues raised, which apply to
any county bills that may be attempt
ed, were not considered by the court at
all, so that if a new act were passed
in which the one defect found by the
court was avoided, the system might
once more be called in question. Among
the sweeping contentions brought for
ward was that the Legislature of Ha
waii had no legal power to create a
system of county government with
county elections in it. The court did
not enter into this question. The con
tentions as to the transfer of Territorial
property to counties and; the practical
abolishment of the offices ?of High Sher
iff and Superintendent of -Public Works
are in the same class and were all
"passed up" undecided, the court find
ing enough for an adverse decision in
the taxation question.
A meeting of citizens was held with
Governor Carter, when he received al
most as many diverse legal opinions
as there were lawyers in the room.
Business men declared themselves
strongly against county governmen}: in
any shape and also against a special
session of the Legislature. But the
Governor upheld the' Republican' party,
which had tried to enact a county bill,
and cabled to Delegate Ku, his repre
sentative in Washington, to push the
passage of a bill now before Congress,
which it is believed wiil legalize the
local measure. On the "other hand, a
section of the business community has
sent L. A. Thurstcm to Washington for
the purpose of, opposing any such ac
tion. , Attorney General Andrews has
given an opinion that a special session'
of the Legislature will not be needed,
and that the Governor" can carry on
the affairs of the Territory for the next
year and reappoint officials on the basis
of the salaries passed in a former ap
propriation bill.
HONOLULU, Jan. 17.— An immediate
special session of the Legislature may
be the result of the decision of the Su
preme Court declaring the county act
void. It leaves the affairs of the Terri
tory in great confusion. More than
half the Territorial appropriations to
carry on the departments ceasedjwith
the end of last year, the Legislature
leaving the department matters to the
county Boards. of Supervisors. The Ter
ritorial government has to resume
charge of all the matters turned .over
to the Supervisors and county officials.
It is, however, without appropriations
to pay for running the various bureaus,
water works, road boards and the As
sessor's office. There is also no provi
sion to pay for police, the Legislature
having left all such matters to the
counties.
Special Correspondence of The Call,
The statements of New York trust
companies, not yet complete, for the
six months ending December 31 last,
sho\y a net decrease in deposits of $102,
676,033 for thirty-five companies report
ing, and represents a reduction in pro
portion of liability upon bank repre
sentatives, as trust capitalists keep
their reserves largely on deposit with
the banks. But the suggestion is also
made that the present heavy influx of
funds from the interior to New York
may represent in part operations by the
treasury In the transfer of Government
deposits from Interior depositories to
New York to be drawn on in making
the Panama canal payment. The Item
of Government deposits with the New
York banks, however, reflects no such
opinion, and it is said that interior de
positories have not yet served' notice
of any calls upon the Government de
posits. Banking opinion seems to be
that the demand for money has so far
declined as to promise a plethoric con
dition, in the local money market in the
immediate future.
The stock and bond markets have
NET? YORK. Jan. 23.— To-day's stock
market was irregular, but the halting
j movement was not more marked than
J is usual under the profit taking, which
j»was invited by the rise. After the pub
i lication of the bank statement there
was an effective rally and the market
closed steady, with no important net
losses on the day. The operators in the
market seemed satisfied with the in
crease in the surplus reserve of the
banks, and were not impressed with the
staggering showing of the increase in
the various items, which broke all rec
ords in several instances. There is gen
eral agreement that the loan expansion
now in progress represents largely a
transfer of obligations from trust com
panies and outside banks to clearing
house Institutions.
DECREASE IN DEPOSITS.
A freight train was switching at
Marshall Pass, near the apex of the
mountain. An empty car was sent on
the siding and struck two lumber
laden flatcars with great force. The
brake chains snapped and the flatcars
started down the siding for the main
track, gaining momentum every sec
ond. They moved so swiftly that the
train crew was unable to head them
off and they were soon thundering
down the steep incline.
The - passenger train was due and
the freight conductor and brakemen
fully expected that the runaway cars
would collide with No. 316, causing a
disastrous wreck. At a sharp curve in
the grade the lumber cars suddenly
jumped the track and rolled 200 yards
down the mountain side.
Because it was two minutes late the
passenger train was a quarter of a
mile below the curve at the moment.
Had Lt not been for this delay it would
have rounded the curve before the
runaway cars reached that point and
great loss of life certainly would have
resulted.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 23. — Pas
sengers arriving from Colorado over
the Denver and Rio Grande tell of a
hair-raising experience at Marshall
Pass. Because It was two minutes
late passenger train No. 316 was saved
from being wrecked and probably
hurled hundreds of feet down the
mountain side.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Congress May Be Asked to En
act Special Legislation.toTer
mit Payment of Expenses
Money Market Is Stable Under
Pressure and Demand for
United States Steel Grows
Are Derailed at Point Which
Express Would Have Passed
if It Were Not Behind Time
FINANCES SHOW FIRMNESS
APPROPRIATIONS LAPSE
BUNA WAY CABS ON TRACK
Supreme Court Decision De
claring County Act Invalid
Leaves Islands "Without Law
Disaster to Denver and Bio
Grande Train Is Averted
by a Two-Minute Margin
Increase of Surplus Reserve
in the Banks Makes Good
Impression ' on Operators
ALL HAWAII
IN CONFUSION
ESCAPES WRECK
BY BEING LATE
STOCKS WATER
BUT END WELL
.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1904.
26
ADVEBTISElilENTS.
,
A Device That Ia Scientific, Simple, Di-
rect, and Instantly Restores Hearing
In Even the Oldest Person — Comfort-
able, Invisible, and Perfect Fitting 1 .
lso-Fage Book Containing a History of
the Discovery and Many Hundred
Signed Testimonials From All jrarts
of the World— SE2IT FBEE.
The True Story of the Invention of 'Wil-
son's Common Sense Ear Drains Told
by Geo. H. Wilson, the Inventor.
I was deaf from infancy. Eminent doctors,
surgeons and ear specialists treated me at
great expense, and yet did me no (food. I tried
all the artificial appliances that claimed to re-
store hearing-, but they failed to benefit me in
the least. . I even went to the test specialists
in the world, but their effort3 were unavailing.
My case was pronounced incurable!
I grew desperate: my deafness tormented me.
Daily 1 wa» becoming more of a recluse, avoid-
ing the companionship cf.people because of th»
annoyance my deafness and sensitiveness
caused me. Finally I began to experiment en
myself, and after patient years of study, la-
bor and personal expense I perfected something
that I found *-ook the place of the natural ear
drums, and I called lt Wilson's Common Sense
Ear Drums, which I now wear day and night
with perfect comfort, and do not even have to
remove th-?m when washing. No one can tell
I am wearing them, as they do not show, anj
as they give no discomfort whatever, I scarce-
ly know JfmyseU.
With these drums I can now hear a whisper.
I Join in the genera 10 conversatlcn and heap
everything going on around me. I can hear a
sermon or lecture from any part of a larga
church or hail. My general health is im-
proved because of the great change my Ear
Drums have made in my life. My spirits are
bright and cheerful; 1 am a cured, changed
man.
S:nce my fortunate discovery lt Is no longer
necessary for 1 any deaf persons to carry a
trumpet, a tube or any other such old-fashioned
makeshift. Sly Common Sense Ear Drum ia
built on the Ftrictest scientific principles, con-
tains no metal, wires or strings of any kind,
and is entirely new and up to date in all re-
spects. It ia so small that no one can see it
when in position, yet it collects all the sound
waves and focuses them against the drum-
head, causing you to hear naturally and per-
fectly. It will do thi3 ftven when the natural ear
drums are partially or entirely destroyed, per-
forated, scarred, relaxed or thickened. It fits
any ear from chiUlhcod to old ag?, male or fe-
male, and aside from the fact that it do«s not
show, it nevor causes the least irritation, and
can be used with comfort day and night with-
out removal for any cause.
With my device I can cure deafness in any
person, no matter how acquired, whether from
catarrh, scarlet fever, typhoid or brain fever,
measles, whooping cough, gatherings In the
ear. shocks from artillery or through accidents.
My Invention Dot only cures, but at once stop*
the progress of deafness and all roaring and
buzzing noises. The grreatest aural aurseons
In the world recommend lt, as well as physi-
cians of all schools. It win do for you what no
medicine or medioal skill on earth can do.
I want to place my 190 page book on deaf-
ness in the hands of every deaf person in the
world. I will gladly sead it free to any one
whose name and address I can get. It de-
scribes and illustrates Wilson's Common Sen?»«
Ear Drums and contains bona fide letters from
numerous user? In the United States. Canada.
Mexico. England. Scotland, Ireland. Wales.
Australia, New Zealand, Tasmania, India and
the remotest islands. I have letters from peo-
ple iu every station of life — ministers, physi-
cians, lawyers, merchants, society ladies, etc. —
and tell the truth about the benefits to be ¦!<•-
rivod from my wonderful little device. Toil
will find the names of people In your ova town
and State, many whose names you know, and I
am sure that all this will convince you that
the ctre »>f deafness has at last been solved
by rr.y invention.
Don't delay: write for the free book to-day
and address my firm — The Wll?on Ear Drum
Co.. UU5 Tcdd Uullding, Louisville. Ky., U. 3. A.
I BEERS !
I Guaranteed Pure. \
1 None So Gq°<}> j
| Setd £&*f9&<A# •?* I
H HiLr.uuT mercantile: CO, t
tt* Pacific Cbas* »«n»^ tJ
,<sf|\ Every Woman
i^4^$V\\v\ 13 Interested »nd should Snow
SiVav^S IVV.A- 4 il ;> \ aixjut the wonderful
«V^VV*U\1« MARVXL Whirling Spray
WK^§BL«x£s>Jul The new Visual Srrt»e«-. Jidfe-
\»£l*Z.S'n c Cs^»w «*"» «*'* Surtion. Best— >»f-
\>^^>c;V«'Y!5*«>»^ tit— Most Convenient.
"' C2 t^5 ?^W l^ r 7^ litlfii»c»U»taa«ir.
J» h« <-*7innt snpnly the Xft^r " ' "¦' ''<5 .
SI.«nVi:i>. ncrrftco > V r "1 ¦'¦fL>*^ r m «•
elber. Nit »nl »:.inii> forl% >>. f^' / 'Z?\j'
Inntra-.Ki b™*— <»»UJ.lt ?1t«s Y^ # '-,£
lull p*rufularaai«drtire«-tu>nsln- Co f A*
xaluableto ln.liev M.\KV*:i.CO..bJ ¦',,.,.&
taa mission' st.. s. f.. cai.
William Hattereth (Ladies' Dept-)..22t Sutler
Union Drug Co.. 21 i Kcarny & Van Nosa A Mict
Osgood Brc« Tlh tt Broadway. Oaklan.i
Baldwin Pharmacy ...U» KU*
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL..
Few People Know How Uscfnl It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
. Nearly everybody, knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature, but
few realize its value .when taken into
the human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose.
. Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; it is not»a
drug at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present in
the stomach and intestines and carries
them out of the system. '
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect In the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money
is in " Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges;
they are composed of the finest pow-
dered willow charcoal and . other
harmless antiseptics in tablet form or
rather in the form of . large, pleasant
tasting lozenges, the charcoal being
mixed with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
coon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
plexion, sweeter' breath and purer
blood, and, the beauty of it is that no
possible harm can^ result-from their
continued use, but, on the contrary,
great benefit. i
A Buffalo physician iny speaking of
the benefits of charcoal says: "I advise
Stuart's Absorbent Lozenges to all pa-
tients suffering from gas in stomach
and bowels and to clear the complex-
ion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is great-
ly benefited by the daily use of them;
they cost but 25 cents a box at drug
stores, and although in some sense a
patent preparation, yet I believe I get
more and better charcoal in Stuart's
Absorbent Lozenges than In any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets." ;
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
r • Tfte Importations for the Year 1903 of
I
Champagne
sas@s than the importations
II of any other brand. /
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-} ADVERTISEMENTS.
H Oar sale of good chocs will B
i continue all next week — until H
i all our customers have an op- ¦
B portunlty to buy the best of H
I good footwear at redaction- n
H sale prices. We are cleaning: H
¦ up stock — many lines- are B
J broken and cannot be carried g
] over until nczt winter;' it is ¦ !
n better- to sell such shoes at a R '
h lose now than seep them In w
a ctock; other stylish lines B
H will not be in demand next B
B fall, and that is why we are W
M havingr this sale. Every bar- B
H grain is a real one— every rs- tJ
9 Auction absolutely bona nde — H
m money is always ready for ens- N .
H tomers who are not satisfied, s i
j Kaufmann's, 822 market street, ]3 I
0 cpposlto Poarth. 3 |
B LADIES' KID LACE SHOES — S
H Dull mat kid tops; light and H;
H flexible soles; plain toe; l?i-ffi
3 ' inch military heels. A neat, w*
H dressy Shoe. None better at »¦
•¦ 53.50. Sale price .Sli.<»."» «
?¦ KID TIP LACE SHOES— We Hi
H still have a fair quantity of ja j
a this line, tho'ugh hundreds of U }
H pairs have been sold. Regular at
n price is $2.50. .Sale price.... R
H LADIES' PATENT LEATHER I
M SHOES— They have mat kid *
fij tops, worked silk eyelets; mil- a
F3 ' ltary heels, and are worth I t
H every cent of 53.00. Salr I i
H prico 81!.ir> fe '
03 LADIES' KID LACE SHOES- j |
Q Well-made Shoe, with fairly x ¦.
H heavy extended soles. A good (J \
H all-around Shoe. Sale price.. ; j
|l LADIES- ' 'PATENT 'LEA THEl! i J
H OXFORDS— Military heels; I J
M -plain -toes. Very good value- 5 !
B at 52.50. Sale price. . .$1 .SO | 1
II LADIES 1 KID AND PATENT S
H LEATHER SLIPPERS— Sev- J
¦ oral lines of them, with cither ;
H blnelc or steel beading. Every i'
R pair has been reduced tn cost. \
| H LADIES* SATIN ROMEOS— 5
: H Black, red. white, blue, pink !
H or brown; fur trimmed and _,
H flannel lined. Have been sell- £
H ins at 51.50 and $2.00. Sale B
1 price ..St. IT. | !
H INFANTS' KID SHOES— Soft. | |
H fine material, IiRnd-turned f? i
U soles. Sizes 1 to fi. »IO<«: 5^ | |
M to S. with spring "heels. .<{Of i
H CHILDREN'S FELT SLIPPERS 5
@ AND FELT OR SATIN RO- Ej j
H MEOS — All have been reduced | j
u to cost. That means some
@ splendid bargains. . |
j CHILDREN'S AND MISSES* i
H SLIPPERS— The three-strap \
"¦ M style like the Indies'; In white. B
S3 blue, pink and black kill. Also j '
!S some patent leather evening and g3
M dancing slippers: Eg
n sizes 5 to 8 :»r»i» &
H Sizes ZVt to 11 81.1O |
9 Sizes im to 2 *1.3i> £
B MCN"S SHOES — AH of our men's I
M double-sole and winter Shoes have E
B| bfen reduced. Plenty of sizes and fc
H styles. E
I J*^832 MARKET sr.S.f *O 1
? ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW CURE TO PROLONG LIFE
•
Made From the Fruit of Paw Paw— Stops All Wastes by Feed-
ing the Nerves— Revitalizes the Blood, Cures Indigestion,
Dyspepsia, Catarrh and All Stomach Troubles A
Great Test Is Being Made in San Francisco.
10,000 BOTTLES FREE TO BE GIVEN AWAY
FROM TKE EXAMINER OFFICE.
Free DistrMtM Closes Hay Utt at 5 O'clock
TO THE PUBLIC
In presenting PAW PAW, a natural stomach, heart and nerve
tonic, I teel that I have added to the science of medicine a force that
is as revolutionary, as was vaccination, as important to mankind as
the discovery of antiseptics and as beneficial in the preservation of
human life and happiness as anything that man's ingenuity or
providential wisdom has ever devised. . .
THE PRACTICAL DRUGGIST AND REVIEW OF RE-
VIEW says: "The juice of the Paw Paw is more efficacious than
pepsin in dissolving albumen. The fruit or juice seems to have the
same effect as a good digestive and is most effective in cases^ of
dyspepsia and habitual constipation."
Having combined this wonderful natural remedy with other
medicaments, I positively assert that I am giving to the world the
greatest stomach, blood, heart and nerve tonic known to mankind.
I know that Paw Paw will make worn-out stomachs almost
as good as new ; will make good, rich blood and build up the ner-
vous system ; will do away with both the necessity and desire for
beer, whisky, wine and other injurious stimulants.
A body that is overworked, a system that is run down, requires
a stimulant. Alcoholic stimulants lift, but let you fall. PAW
PAW LI FTS AND HOLDS YOU !
I want ovcry weak and debilitated person to give Paw Paw a trial.
I want pvitt doctor carefully to test this remedy and then honestly tell the
pubih: tli«* results. - - . ¦'¦•;•:'
> I want every clergyman, when he feels exhausted, to take Paw Paw and then
tell his friends what he thinks of lt.
I want every mother to introduce Paw Paw into her home. It will prove a
rra«iy ac«-nt in curing and warding off many diseases.
1 want every tired woman after a hard day's work or an afternoon's shopping
to tako a tal>lcspoorful of Paw Paw and see how quickly lt will refresh and In-
vigorate her.
! ureo u7-on brain workers particularly the use of Paw Paw. It will Immedi-
ately give tono nnd encrpy to the whole nervous system.
Jf th<? toiler who feels the need of a stimulant will step into the nearest drug
ntnre and asli for Paw Paw he will have no further use for whisky, beer or other
ulcnhoUr siirri'ilantss. "" . *'. ''"¦
1 J.eH<>ve when the public becomes thoroughly familiar with the virtues of
Pa w Paw it will n»t only be used in every home,' but will be adopted Into the
T*nit<H? States Army and Navy, and used in every hospital throughout the civil-
izrd worid.
GET A FREE BOTTLE MONDAY
In order that everybody may have a. chance to test this remedy before
buying, I have arranged for free distribution of 10,000 bottles from the of-
fice of Uic San Francisco Examiner.
• After you have taken it write to the editor of this paper and tell him
the truth- If it has cured you, tell him so. If it has benefited 'you, say —
sol If it has not done you any good, say so. Let us have the truth.
Sold by All Druggists. Large Bottles $1. Paw Paw
Laxative Pills 25c a Bottle.
(The Editor of this paper will be pleased to hear directly from any
one who has been benefited by the use of the Paw . Paw sample given
away free, or from the use of a bottle subsequently purchased from a
<Irt;ggist.)
WPIM7T V P A T 1 "I BRUSHES p. sgjgg* M
l/lr MHfllE it I housee. billiard tables.
1/1/ I ' I ' it I I ¦ I rl I I brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners,
¦ I |/|/|\|/I \J I I 1/1/ dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
«• •¦#.*-•**¦** * %/*-». -fc# m.m hanper*. printer*, painters, shoe factories,
— , utablemen, Ur-roofer6. tanner*. Jailors, etc.
16 Pagce. SI per Year „. «SSSHSSSi-—LJoe Pohclm, the, Tailor.
Pants offered during January for 56.00
are made to order, all wool, stylish, new
goods, up-to-date; nothing like them in
the market for the money. 201 and. 203
Montgomery street; 1110 and 1112 Mar
ket street. •
Do Yoti \Yi\iil Something?
In the Want Ad. columns to-day you
|"nd inquiry. about:
Wale Help Wanted.
Situations Wanted.
Kcraale Help Wanted.
AsonU Wanted.
Money Wanted.
Money to Ixjan.
Furniture for Sale.
Housekeeping Rooms to Let.
Furnished Rooms to Let.
Furnished Rooms for Sale.
Furnished Houses for Rent.
Kumh'lfld Houses for Sale.
Heal Kstate. Etc, Etc.. Etc.
Call readers will lind something of in
rer.t in th«» Want Ad. columns.
. These liul* Ads. will not only prove of
Inters to those nut of work, but to
those desiring to improve their positions
** well.
, More poisonous snakes are found in
Arizona than in any other part of the
United States.
TwILL SAIL HIGH
ABOVE THE EARTH
Steel Shell.
Lontencr Designs Craft for Great
Altitudes, Occupants to Ride in
LONDON. Jan. 23.— Eustace Shirt.
a London balloon maker, has designed
a craft for making aerial navigation
possible at a height of twenty feet
above the earth's surface. It is be
lieved nobody ever reached an altitude
of more than six and a half miles,
while thirteen and a half is the limit
reached by a balloon carrying self
registering instruments.
The journey into thin air is to be
made without the accompaniment of
gasping for breath, bleeding at the
nose and other discomforts. The bal
loon car, which is not really a car at
PARIS, Jan. 23. — A diplomat recently
asked President Loubet how he man
aged, to keep in good health, seeing that
he. was never met in the open except
driving.
"Oh, I taken plenty of exercise." an
swered the President, "but long before
gentlemen of your position are out of
bed. My walking hours axe from 8 to 8
in the morning. I seldom meet anybody
on the boulevard, save, merchants and
workmen hurrying to their places of
employment, and men and women car
rying meat, bread and milk to cus
tomers."
President Loubet's Exercise.
BERLIN, Jan. 23.— Max Ilalbe's new
play, "Der Strdm" (The Stream), al
ready presented in Vienna and several
other cities," has been given at the
Neues Theater. For years Berlin has
not had the opportunity to see such an
excellent performance. The plot of the
play is this: Peter Do' n, the owner of
the estate, and filling the position of a
dike captain, 1 by forging the last will of
his father, has robbed two brothers of
their inheritance^ , He compels his
younger brother, Jacob, to do the
lowest menial service, while his other
brother goes to America and becomes
¦.;?----•••• • ¦¦¦•¦- • -
"Per Strom," Which Is Now Being
Presented In Berlin, Is a Strong
and . Excellent Play.
GERMANS ENJOY NEW
\ DRAMA WRITTEN BY HALBE
Eighty-thrre cases of a plague, in
volving forty-nine deaths, occurred in
Mauritius in the week ending Decem
ber 17.
a successful engineer. In an hour of
weakness, Peter confesses his crime to
his wife, who hates him.
Henry, the older brother, returns
from America on the day the ice begins
to float in the river, over^ which Peter
is dike captain.'
Peter's wife tells Henry of her hus
band's duplicity. Jacob tears open the
dike. Peter is drowned. The scene ends
with Henry making love to Renate.
Peter's widow, who nas always loved
Henry. ,
LONDON, Jan. 23.— The Tailor and
Cutter, which believes men|8 clothing
ought to be more picturesque than now,
ia looking for twelve good looking men
of good figure of the best circles In so
ciety who will lead a dress reform. If
twelve such men were to appear in pale
blue or mauve dress coats there might
be some hope for the introduction of
more picturesque masculine, costumes.
Of course, only men with good figures
could wear such clothes, for portly
shapes are best hidden in black. A few
society men have bought colored even
ing clothes this winter, but they are
Among Leaders of Swell
Set.
London Cutters Planning a Reform
TAILORS WANT MEN
;VV,-; OF FINE FIGURE
modest, choosing coats of plum color or
dark blue cloth. This season has seen
one change in the right direction—
namefy, the wearing of waistcoats in
rich velvet.
all, but a steel ball seven feet fn diam
eter, is filled with compressed air. The
occupants will be hermetically sealed
inside the shell.
The ballast will be carried in a
cone shaped vessel hung between the
ball and balloon. The steel of the
shell will be a sixteenth of an inch
thick. Short intends the balloon for
scientific observations at great heights
and asserts it will be perfectly safe.
' BERLIN. Jan. 23.— The Grand Duke
cf Saxe-Altcnburg ha# announced to
l\i£ subjects; that he will give an audi
ence to any of them on Wednesdays,
/rom 10 a. m. to noon. The only for
crcalils' is that the names of those de-
Firous of being; received by the Grand
Duke shall be sent to the court mar
shal in advance. The older aristocracy
disapproves of such an innovation as
diminishing the dignity of the 'sover
*u?n and as tending toward republican-
cd and Coffins Are Submerged
in Many Graves.
HONOLULU, Jan. 17. —For two men
to descend into a grave and stand upon
the coffin, one at either end. to weigh
it down into the water until sufficient
earth has been thrown upon it is one
method that has been adopted in the
burial of the dead in Honolulu. Over
crowded cemeteries within the city
limits are responsible for this sacri
lege. To dig a grave without disturb
ing the coffins already buried is becom
ing 'more and more difficult. As many
as three and four holes are sometimes
dug before an unoccupied spot can be
found.
During the last three months five
¦burials have taken place at which the
coffins were entirely submerged. In
other cemeteries blasting with dyna
mite has to be resorted to owing to the
hardness of the foundation close to the
surface. A few weeks ago a body re
mained above ground for two days
waiting till a grave was blasted out
of the rock, and in a period of three
months as many as thirty-seven coffins
v.-«?re disturbed by the grave diggers.
Bome of those coffins wore actually
chopped in two. parts of the remains
being reburied beneath the new coffins.
Will Receive His Subjects
Honolulu Cemeteries Are Ovrrcrowd-
JURYING DEAD CXDER
DISTRESSING CONDITIONS
Ymv rrefsrr C1iarit**ton Launched.
NEWPORT NEWS; Va.. Jan. 23. —
The protected cruiser Charleston was
Fuccess fully launched at the yard of
the Newport News Shipbuilding: and
l>ry<Jock Company to-day.
ST\ I.OUIS. Jan. 23.— The Federal'
Grand Jury to-day returned an indict
ment against Joseph Ralph Burton.
United States Senator from Kansas,
"charging him on nine counts with hav
ing accepted five checks of 5500 each '
from the Rialto Grain and Securities ;
Company between November, 1902, and j
March 26, 1903, for his alleged services
.in interceding with the Postmaster j
General, the chief Pcstofflce Inspector
•and other higrh officials to induce Jhem
to render a favorable decision in mat- j
ters affecting the permission of the Rl
* alto company to use the mails.
. Major Hugh C. Dennis, president of
the company, and W. B. Mehaney, as
sociated with him, are named in the
Indictment as the men who gave the
checks to Burton.
. For several days past William E.
Cochran, chief Pcstoffice Inspector,
'from Y.'arhington; Major Hugh C.
Dennis and W. B. Mehaney have been
before the Grand Jury and it is be
lieved the indictment was found on
their testimony.
The purpose of Senator Burton's al
leged intercession was, it is stated, to
prevent the issuance of a fraud order
"sguinst the Rialto Grain and Securities
- Company.
As a result of his connection with
the company, Dennis was indicted In
both the Federal and the State courts,
but the United States Court acquitted
him. Four indictments found in State
courts scainFt Dennis are still pending. !
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 23.— Senator j
Burton said to-day that he could not j
imagine why an indictment had been J
found ag3inst him. He was employed !
as attorney for Dennis to defend him '
nsrainFt an indictment. Dennis came
here to consult with him as to the pro
ceedings and the Senator accompanied
Dennis to the PostofTice Department
urd asked if any charges had been
filed acrair.st Dennis. He further
r.Fked Inspector Cochran to inform him
* (Burton) if charges were filed against
Dennis in future. Senator Burton said
he specifically stated, that he did not
r.ppenr agpinst the Government in any
• inanncr.
Senator Burton will go at once to
St. Louis and defend the case, and has
no doubt that he will be able to make
it perfectly clear that there is no reason
for bringing the indictment.
Tho penalty provided upon conviction
* "for the offense with which Senator
.Durton is charged is a penitentiary sen
tdhce of not more than two j-ears and
a fine of not more than J10,<XM), and
•< ni-c so convicted shrill be rendered in
< -panic of holding office of trust, honor
ur emolument under the Government
Lrited State* Senators are immune
* "from arrest, except for specific crimes. .
vhile the Senate is in pr-ssion. It is ex
pected that the present Senate session
will last until the summer, but United
States Attorney r>yer expects that Sen
ator Burton will at once make arrange
ments for j M:<?edy trial.
licked Sale of His Influence
AVith Some of the Officials
o/ the Postoffiee Department;
XIXE COUNTS IN BILL
I'll i ted States Senator From
Kansas Is Charged With
Having Accepted Bribe 3Ioney
FEDERAL JURY
INDICTS BURTON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1904.
In Working Order.
The Marconi wireless telegraphic ap
paratus has arrived and is now in prac
tical operation at the offices of the
agents. F. P.' Ward & Co... room 412
Crossley building. Since Its installation
the demonstrations have been viewed by
many persons interested both from a
commercial and scientific standpoint.
27
THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM | THE EMPORIUM. j/i'[ | THE EMPORIUM. . | THB EMPORIUM.
fl SiiSri55^ I First Important Fabric Sale 1 904 $%%:%%,'?&&£%.
\ **//!* ¦£?*" •• * • To-Nlorrow— Silks, Dress Goods and Wash Goods £7^ ••
** tt^ffri C^TtfHIi V^VW '* i r i r l ' fff * ~ ¦ They are comins now ' comin 8 wi th a rush— the new silk, wool, linen and cotton fabrics that are to be J^f^^g g g Iff^-
jf worn this spring and summer. More wash goods and silks than dress goods, so far— but still a good showing Q^^^MiS^L^U^iy^^/i^^
g r«t tr» P f>n>- c . *¦"•""•- ¦¦¦ iiii ¦*¦* ' " of woolen dress goods, in the new weaves, is now being made. ¦• We start the spring selling by offering some California's l - AnGe% '^^^jgv^m.
*; •™^S^Si^*'^>i«ERiCA-s grandest storc very important specials for Monday. Read on. ' . ,¦_. . "^I^S^^^^^^w«rica-c gpandest stors
i — — — — — — — — — Sample Pieces Dress Goods 3 Popular Weaves Silk - — '.
fc rr^rr^ovEDNECKBAjjD^SjS>v^^ $1.00 an r J $2.50 Values 69o 75c and 85c Values 49 o S% <J — V
£ • j/2^*! "-«h^ We have secured from a New York manufacturer an iooo yards of these sil!c3 for shirt waists and evening |I^^®5r C^^^^^r
J^ /I : . \ l\ I v / '/.. 'v\ exceptionally choice lot of s?mp.c pieces of cress goods (full dresses will be on special sale a: 8: jo to-morrow morning. T*??
* / ¦*—*•*"**" \^J[ 5ii:i * s * ; * i <*i \ pieces) — Twines, Crepes, Z be'.incs, Serges, Veilings, The lot consists of Pcau de CygJe, Peau de Rex and \£C /^^Jr^
$ / f*y^ 1^^ £* \ Cheviots, Vigcureux, etc., in widths ranging from 48 to 56 .Louis'n* Sllki, in pinks, blues, reds, rssedts, grap, navy, tan, heliotrope, /^M^\f\^^. /^wif^^\
H / V • ¦/ \ * 24-inch Printed Liberty Satin*— Jn th- nsw gun m:til effect;, th: silks (?J^w4^/ K \ \
J. / / V ! 7 J 40-inch Crepe de Paris ( siUc ani woo!)— A v;ry nice quality in the that fashionable Parisirnnc; ani N'tw Yorkers ar: having their «» tllpr^^A tL^. *L» Ivf/b^)
V I / \. '' '' _ / new sprhg cooring — hrliotropr, royal, champ-gn-, ntfH spring shr: waists made of, 10 d'rTcrent designs, per yard . . 75C J^f/^utf^A Effl~ ~* L'£./'>k!^A
K /&¦ Meh y S UnlaUnSlerfSa / t*j, E "y, black, etc.; yarJ &t.U5J New Louijinei -For f h-rt-waist suits, som: very neat and pretty effects "Will ?f/M?W
fc » I/O YfhltO Sh!riSf\39O \ I 48-ir.ch Tweed Suitings— All wool, in pre tty m'x -d {fleet for spring; arrivrd last wsck,:th; r.ew gr^y, bur, green and brewn, _ ff W \ || \ t{ '¦'>«&?(
tt \ r> f .. , / i / g:avs, tans, browr.s and greens; a tine material for walking rt — c xceplionil valu: at, yard 75O fl /Mil \ If if mil
% 1 /^^ 1000 on sale Mondav./ \ / guit \ va ,. d €$OQ t ., ,. • c »• V 1 •< • u j 4 I § \\P \ H'-l 3«i\
J> 1 u> (.\ffoA t k etn O nf a > a ffrcat \ / ' } «^w«kr Tl! j or L n , n g Satin—^Jrd wiic, m gray, brown, navy, red, tan ani // ,J t , \l \ fl ! ffli I
2" IWyv rJUl th^ hitr / 56-inch Broaddofh— Steam finish, an extra fine cloth ready fcr uc, in black, particularly rsccmmer.dcd for their fine wearing qualities -^ _» L] ft 'I J \ \| \ V fll Mil ii i
*° 1 VjiV P n^ e " IK «f SlOlirl> > UUng lneDlg / the n:w shades of gray, red, champagnr, browns, royal, _ _ sn d a 1 tde cheaprr than elsewhere at, yard 95C //J'm \ V \ ffl '' WwA
* l/^A M«le Of best Shirting muslin. f\ \ gr«n, navy and bbek; yard p ;inled Net$ and p oint d ' Es p rit _ Fi)r evening wear novslties that ' £ glWl \\ \ \ I A W\
it yS l\\ 3.ply bosoms; re-enforced back and • i I New 9" am Dress Goods -All ths popuar weaves fcr s?r:ng, m mo- . arc pr int=H like Dresdsn tilk, will make very swell Kening drcKes, Mj 'iMj- \ YV I ) Ml R ill \
S Al V V^V'front. and made in best manner. i 1| J hair » wocl and fi;k and w ° o1 mi :ei 8 Jods 5 P ;r J'" d SD <* t0 S1.SO width* 24 to z 7 h-.chrj, price P :r yard. . . 6O0, 75c, $1.00 W£^MI ft I \\^-^ /In I 1\ \
*: Sw_L—^'AUSires i-^— ' Big Price Cuts Inaugurate the 1904 Wash Fabric Season '\.JwJ 111 s^ C l^fevSl \
K i Monday only <9&+ltl* : Thousands of Yards- Numerous Patterns— But Coma Early ** / s W/^k / ¦ 1
j* 1. A fixr $2 34 I Sale Printed Suitings -A new hiavy cotton fabric, in foulard Waisting Noveltie?— In the heavi;r m:rc:riz:d makes, all whit: — **_ — ~*^
ft* A: ; /* ' *K * 1 i,,d t imp c fle;ign?, pretty co.crhfs, very attractive ap.d j^f/^^ and also colors, both imported and borne makes, yard . ... OUG gf%m m "¦¦£~*'*ipiL^ Mf
%' tf*QlY. '2 lOr $4.0O j drSTablc, two fasci for' to-morrow's selling at ha f (JQ) /4G Boude Suitings — The new hravy-w.-ght, 1904 cotton fabric, for &lf29SG@ Of BltiQ§& HvQlflf
ff I J: j thrir va us, yard . skirts, suits and waists, dainty grounds, wovrn design-, __
5 ° " \U . // . Sa/0 Ma«ft«aS-*Soo yards cfth-i ¦»»«•• ht-K weave* > ard -- • •¦ • • • . 25& SB3ff 9 ffi3£3 ®ifi£& £328*50
£ \X\ ,J 83m; ecu.et.r; ether s-ap!c eff;cs, a fin: 32-inch-wide Homespun Suiting!— So id fabiicf, in the same effects as the mmg*/ " - "^ **
K " elf th, worth 25c a yard:"a; a ftarter for the scas;n, to- » &£&]£ Scotch makes, and very exceptional values at, jard . . . #2> AC tll/^vih nt 7*s,e/ «So m\
»•' — — _^__________ morrow's price will be. New PercaUs -The best cloth, nrwejt coloring, and largest j^. \W0Yin Cll UCISI
I Children's Dress S2.S5 ' p™ Mp< sm r « vnz^ > n * _ Ar^t they pretty/ snappy styles? Notice the
* (IVorth Li) to %d oo\ ? 3 « 'nch« *,„*, yard roc widei 5 and $h:er chlffbn finish , yat a 35c smart Eton jackets with the small shoulder capes
ft Mi t* *• •»' *.''** Silk Wirp Madras— Just p oduc:i from th: mills, dint/ de- ~ Suiting Ginghtmt— Over 500 styles cfh:avy, closriy woven, 0%l/ pnH thA lttti** Fna!i«h Wsiilfintr i-irlr^f whtrh i«
I AISO SomO Sailor'SultS s gM and m-d um ,cokrin Mf yM 5@G dr«i style gingham, and se.-rsucke. % the best quality, yard.. I2%C a " d ttie llttle fcn 2 llSh piking jacket, WhlCh IS
K At Very Moderate Prices ' ¦ ! ' going to be immensely popular this spring. They
I /rft^"i CHUdrtn'sCtelmicre and Scr*c Dresses- Iffl&Wf Em $9 &>&$&£&?>£&& S&GW 13Q& W&iist& are made of fine black cloth, novelty mixtures
* Mf%$&\ * Ud ~ Russia » effect, long wanted, ~ ,„„« ffl r/! e^ xrr >34S^^ Th^* ra. nm -< * ** » «. and mannish effects, with unlined skirt, train
* &M%\\ P^" Thompson style and numerous Season 1904 Novelties That The Magnitude of Our Purchases skirt and 7-gore even length. Some are
k ) ° tfa cr ways, trimmed with braids, Arrived From Si* Gall Last Week Accounts for the Low Prices of These neatly trimmed with small gilt buttons and
6 #lr?>C/ ribbons or laces, regularly 53. 50 and Th^ flr^t <;hihmpnt nf ihe> nrettiest pmhrniHprip<: — t*. NiW W:| w «i»t— Made of sh:er white have velvet Collars and Cuffs;
*-' aTsVv 7 $4 00 "ch, are now placed on sa-es shipment or tne prettiest embroideries j®Hv >»»-n, t,ckrd =n.d hemstitched, a geed £&&5$&43fiK others arc trimirei with novehy braids;
i* fij 1 \\\ tab'es d fl that have been desipned for this Spring and Summer Jft^aSSlV 1. 00 value. Emporium price . . .75c all are perfectly tailored, and not a iu : .t in the
i ¥ 1 1. , ) It n,ar L.. ar \ $2.85 has just arrived. The latest ring. Teneriffe wheels, ft £* N:w Uwn Waill _ Vtrv SnE dSgfffiT 53- ."" ~Jfi
k " VliWs. Siz'sfor 2 to 6 years- French blind, drawn work, French hand-made effects V* • bnntifuUy tucked back and front, with 7 • yr *%**&%*
i : )o|l\A Chndrcn ' sDrfi^ s: - A!s^ in a11 s° od rades of cambric ' nainsook and Swiss tSfed p:r : t;VS. k SS^S j^ - guZ^IF*..
* 'LLS^ m *°' 1C r° 1OrCd nYatcrials> red5 ' nav ?' embroideries. f^w/y/^K narrow h "" s - itch ' d c " ff - wou «i E ~v s^2&f*>\ NOVGiWy
% jfrt^jn* « d et, hgh: b UC, tan and rtd \ V .de Embroideries -Suitable for cor.et coveis, with and without beadinj, WF/,W* ff/ff ¦ * I cheap at £1.50, Emporium price. (I ($[ // \ B ****>B<r*-±4>
$ f m t and b'ue p'aids, some made Mother yarJ . . . 40c to $2.25 //> •Wl\ *f;( -I V- M 1 ru * 1 W ii' H0iB%*B*€3f ¦
$ A Hubbard style, orhcrs the long waiu Two-Tone Effects-Such as ecru, embroidered on white, in YfLwPlWfl™ rrfo^rf s*?. a ? V r'° l 1 7- 1 " '• 1 - d lii'I 111 ¦, &14S 1 1Z
I 1\L eft«..!lne.t: 7 trimmed J rosrs and f Jt patter,,, witn in^ons to t nateH. M' Ml 9Wm7S ,
t I^A^ now reduced to. . . . §2m5$0 Embroidery MecUllion* in largr assoitment, in round, diamend and U If MM\i 3 ¦ ' collar, and iuU French jleeve, a good $1 75 Uil #«' / ! (Worth $2O OO).
J Another Line o! Children's Dresses- 7" ' ;r : -/ ' Wi "rY'* 0 "!! 00 , K^Wj^ } "!^"S $USO II # / Made of fine black cloth, in the
* T c . , Nainiook and Swi s Se's— \[nh $ uxdtns of earing and 3 of jBiHWi >T .'V lifl If I. . , . . .„
fc In pretty assortment of co.ors, more or less c abcrately insertion. Wffif'* New Irish Linen WaVs-Sricdy tailor-mad.- lif L / Swagger Style Shown in lllus-
&: trimmed, regu'arly $5.00 and $6.OO each. Half and Full Flouncing - Si:i:ab'f A.r ch : !d:en's long dres.^-s and slcirts, tnV%JK''/l »nd good S 4 . 50 valuw, Emporium price. &.J JAgJA tration, lined thrOUChOUt with
f }'orag« z to6year3 &3.&S yard . .' 75c v> S4,5'J 9fwP > &5' ' "¦ S4.QO WM\l^\ ffotl tI>m ™ d wkh brakU
I Mi5SCS* Suilor Suits— A ccmplere iinc of pleasing styles Linen Embroidered Waist Patterns -On heavy, pure linrn; enough ma- . ll ,T y. ' New Vesting Waiits— Made o*f fine Englbh f *WiW'f \ \^ c fa 0 ' 00 ™ *& f® m 75
5 or gir.s 410 14 years, of sai : or and Russian blouse tcral tor com P <ts wa ' s£ - ' rom - '•.¦••;••.' up MM J nestings, fancy figure on white ground, '
•* M-ir -» n-i-rs rant/in<r t'rom *J/r fin , r , G *O tSft Allover E r broideries- New de-igns in cambric. nainsooJc and Swiss, p:r . iff hind?omcly tailored, fu'l * 6.00 value. Em- „ „' _ • _^
Jt sut> p ' Ke> ranglng - rom - • * 5 '°O t0 $12.50 \ , ard . : 75o ana upward / , porinm price *, . $5.00 . S®$B Velvet CSPpBtS
| Ds*®&&makeB*S w S^B&BSSw&B* PSmi&gS W&ire I Demonstration and Sale &J OO & Y&3»dl
| &SappM©S Knives, Forks, Sp@ons New Catchy Music 18c ~ T '
% Marked at Very Close Prices Com^lGie Sets Every afternoon this week, beginning at 2:30 oVock, Mr. ioc to 20c Cheaper than Tapestries
t Br^S,i:c^v^ Sc,Sc>n4t2a fP^^^ ' f Z1 G:o W )¦ Hayes, piani.t. and Mr. Steve Douglas, vio- |- pattemS, all the HCWCSt de-
&• C.rduroy Bindi^f, all co.ors, vard fin and 7c VlJl * fl V /'I offer 100 Cases of Wallace linljt, will . demonstrate rh= Iati.t compoutions of Mr. Hayes, - gm pnn.^»w, w^ t c j_l
g DoLb e edged braid, ail colors, Vyardplecei. . . 3^q i <| f I I 'Ijjfl BrOS ' Well known triple, which w= nij sell special -H the week, per copy . .... . S€PG SlgnS, JUSt amVeCl TrOITl the maR-
| i 5^^fe^plii?|il| H I 1 1 , pl^ s 5r^ f ±.:: -^^^^" :^SU, ufacturer, beginning Monday and
Whilebone c,s:ng, all color,, piece ... 5c, IOC, tSc, 25g L \ 'i . " I ' \j a "P 1^ SaV1I1 K irom TegUkU , during WCtk OH SDeCial Safe
A Hjm ben-, dczrn ioc; machin: oil. bott e fin ja^JjE=fegisssgfr fj=g> K~0£$k PTlCeS. &E%f£ ' " '*& 1- ••'«•••«* '
$ Eureka hump hook and eyes, 2 car.. %% /^^^^^M», R « ul " $6 °° f Case- Contain^ MBUOIiery SCWCd, hned and kldl &« *%f%
fc; Ban and Soc«t, b'ack and .white, doz 5c*nit0o " " ncy tca5F ° on? ' hiif Oei Monday Only .j . J
¦ Dressxakers' pins, convin'ng aco pini . . . . . 9^ V&l&fttiX STii^^S^^X**^ tab"cspcon% half dazen /V :; , i i« c -l i UCI y cll U •••• tt
Jl Hjok^de^cnt^.p^ard. .'.... 12%C »nl S6HO g * ff *^^^^'^^ >RafigiaJ medium forks and half dozen 24 sh « ts of § ood q^^'of p^r, With 25 envelopes to r J
i ?S^^S';L±: S ;^;;;; m - ¦ %% W^*MM0f£$?M $4.79 W^BMMMM^fj^^M Trunks Made to Stand
* D e* ShkMi, al! kiad,, pair . . ! ,\so to 3^b Regular $3.93 Cue-Containing one-half doz« medium fcrk, and onr- a handsome photo engraved view of some pciacof mrer- " m mmmmmpsm .mwmmmmmm* «*r m*mm*MM—
fc - Peet's Hcoks and Eyes, ra:kag; ]Q ~ hilf dozen table knives, in handsome p!u?h, silk- gfe 0Jk ¦*'*3 eft in or -bout San Frincisco; th: kind that many store* sel _ rf]£9St*£l! *& ET3f} 'f* 3* "<5
tf Bast ng Cotton, b"ac!c ani whtt.-, 200 yards, 3 for So lined ca e, for.. . Ipts&a 3 da at 50c the box; rnfprchl sale at The Emporium tJ-morrjwfor.^OC ¦«•«« «Mf «U«flwai^
A F"r*DC ih C?ttOn fl* * Itilt" for S llC &IK!Ol af R*% wmmKWvmmmrwrimmm*m*mKmnmmmmmmrftrMWTu~w~xwmmmm ihhimhiii ii ¦— ii.whiwwuw jijmwiih MB^aVaHHMiBMBVBVaiHKiiVBVVBtBBVH^HaaBHMBiB^HHH^HBHHVB^BHMi^MHHiMMHMH^i^^BMMBV^MHi .- "¦ w •
I pSl'6.ch h -: ; ; ;'; ; ; ; ; :f?'.feii58S White Poraeisaiw Lined Bitse Esssamei Wans w«"pL«
V N*ot-a-hook, beit dr«s fastener, card IQc JK jt «E»ff - B m -H-»ff /"»» T " P^> r:*;-?-- KESfPif SHIP PlUfc I IOh u j j 1
kack.niWh^Sfcirt B, fng, yard . . .' . ' .'gj J£ f Ffe^^fif L©§& T/SSHS Re^iBS^i* PB*B^5eS h " dw0 ° d « Ia »-
f K '"--> tnm..,, n g butron,. d.zrn Wfi $ 2 . 5 Q thc; . fincst cf %> fay minufiCtur . n of th . fam3U , 3gKC nkkel lt . d .. varf . raade of the beJt sheet !t . cl> C^^fplifi [li^LKwl d ° th h ' n= . d ' . With
£ —^ coitei en the infidc \u h an absolutely pure white porcelain enamrl and on th: outsid: with a br'ght blu- enam:l. Thry are perfect goods and the best •ttPr'^*'* ff—^^^^ff^^^^ Fieur de Hs lining,
*• ££&&£§**&&$££'& * h ' S ani tbi?eS ' " ' !^^^f^^ : Ti1 ! ''^ i l^ |l Flflilt!l!l^ too tray with com-
* Many broken lines of our Finest black and Oxford. fljlpif . p^S ij^iivB W^^^^F B <^<^S * to tic. Brass pitted mounting and large ball corner
% a V finTl o o k?Sg B wooU a nd pretty mixtures, all Tea Pots Coffee Pots Lipped Sauce Dish Pans Covered Convex Tea Kettles ' " .' ! .' Sft^o %£S '. '. '. '. '.sliizs
J* Oxford gray cheviot made with broad, hand- 7;c 3 P t$. size, 460 70c 3 pts. she, 460 Pans $1.00 10 qts. she Sauce Pans $ u ~ s 5 qt i. ««e. . . 3 zinch $12.75 38 inch SisloO
% coat, cut long and full; padded shoulders and 8 =c + pt «. ,i« e , SQo 80c 4 pt3 . iz ? , 59a f c 3i«. me, 33o '¦• . . 67o 75c 5 pa. •«, 46c Q80 i- i
h with hrnid hand naddei loose easv fittine skirts 6=c 4 qti. nze, 39e »i.*> 14.qn.1ue.. . . 90c 7 pts. u-, 54o 5 2.00 7 qt». sue. .. --. m, df*S /f*b<n>a*b 0%»
I shoulde?s, s1?k "sleeve (50 inches l"n2). Sfth S=C 6 67 ° ° "" 67 ° 5 ' S " *"° 86a ?t , s,e, 8Sc .... SU22 gBOpQOO GB§2&S»&
K linings; also long and or without belts, lined At Be At Wo Gas Radiators Jfrg $££& J$g g&Q ,,..,. ,_ the Vest Indies of OWe Porto Rirn
U molinm Ipncrths in with wool SPrPP Tnd silk" Steel Cake Turners Aluminum House Numbers *9Qft ***** mm%*JUr Made in tne West inaieS, OI <~noice KOrtOKlCO
fc! T u ?u-i * R I? 1 \vitn wool serge and silk CanOpen>rs Caalgters $4.96 Poup stralner8 Bread Tray tobaccos, have been purchased by us at a price
6 black rhibetsandfanc^ sleeve lining; also plenty 3 pcs Laundrv Wax Brccm Hol(ler8 PSSiSSS. SS6BS5I2 which enables us to offer them, beginning Monday:
ft* mixtures; SOme With Of the Shorter lengths, V/ood Com. Hangers Gas Lighters atom, fitted w th !O f4t o( 7-Inch Ostrich Duster .Set of a Knives ¦ ,. 4>4*c
k' 11*^ Ko^i-o. oil r>«,«, oil m-irl/oM tn rlnr O nm., Dozen Papor Napkins Sink Clennc-rn tub ne. regularlv St CO spe- Steel Toastlnjr Kork Wood Salad Set IO lor JjC, Box 58 5>1.2o
R belted baCKS; all nOW all marked tO ClOSe nOW Coal Shovel ¦ Wopd bamBox cial rrBUlarl} * l-w - spe r.oo<i Whisk Broom Cast Steel Hatchet . 8 for 2«c Boxofco StmSS
%i- ra-\,,roA in T/l nt I-orge Bov.l Strainer AVccd Towel Roller 4fO OC Bos Sloth Powder Egg Boiler Tln.cr _ «J - ., n~ n e , n c* on
g. redUCea tO • • gg*O» at &****<*& Stove L:d Lifters Laundo- Brush . . &d£mi§b Nickeled Suit Hanger Pleating Machine • 7 «W S5 C » Box of S° StmSO
I $1*75 Shoes $11*15 HSming-Room Fssrniteera at Gisi Prices Groceries, Liquors
| Misses' ard youths' M^ Extra Vaiues for Monday Only
tt Girls' and Eoys 1 CaU Lace Shoes-Vici kid or box a> ?«j -» fin'Aed t»bie dut win «l« p»d mrice and » excepl ft^^^ Royal B*kin S Powder- 1 lb. tin, 3 9o
$ call, the very best material, good soiid long wear- <^^^^^^^s^f^2£.-r=^^s^' :ior - al va - ue * l •••.., 9£y*«VC# ij^^^^pl L<C*bl M 1 S u -Ka'f »i go ?%
S ing shoes; the best of school shoes and good enough "^^S^iS«^^fe^#' The Dining Chair, P ; ctr C i on the ri E hti$ a io god.n «k, e * _ | WJ5H | *s _w.-*er Lk^f hi'/ib °'^9nl
v iV.r^nnn-tv wp-.r- on snprhl S'llp Mondiv nnlv f ]f S^T^^Er can; crated, brace arm ani nic.-Iv finshd, on!y '. . &Baf& ft ' WlM f Locoa-W^er Baker », Jii.t lb. t,m . . . . 2OC
* I'jr oll'KMV \v tril', Ull OcllC IMUIlUcl. 1 U11I' . if lj S iSJr^Jiru ¦ " - . ¦ Ul till! * •¦ • it • i • r i_ • i i *¦» j—
h " M- '"nn^ PhiHrpn'. ,hn P , i^nciS T I MH GoMtn .Oak Sideboard - With bcv.-leJ China Cabinet- GiMen quirter-nwed HJhSSL Macaroni, Verm.ceLi cr Spaghm., loose, S b, 2Sc
X MlSSeS and t^nildren b snoes, Wltn extension V. a ,fc lil I ' mirror, twel front, solid br»s? handles, oak, highly polished, has oval g-ass UHSnSSPhl Olive Oil— Dr. Dohrmaan's, pure CaKoraia, bottle .... 7O©
*t SOieS and patent leather tips jft ,;.|k | fc * one top :h;lf and two $^e thzlvet, s s : de» ani front, large Fr;nch pate ML iiyt^j _ Corn— B.-tt WeUtrn, «ugar, tin fOo
K Sires 8 1-2 to 11.: SI. 15 g i M Wi I Imi11 ?"*-'" !,' ljlge ;in:n draw "^, and ir!0 ; «; cndi . n s d 7 n , the b * ek > e' iv - FnP^pT? Duffy's Malt Whljky-M.iicin.!, bottle/ 7So
l» _. 1t i - . o . Q M 1 11 fl' ft argc doualc-door compartment below; ing double view of the cbmaware; I » g S -.,;,, ,„. . , J _ / . . . ,
&; Sizes II 1-2 to 2 1.28 Jffl m || | « a nandhomc ornimen i I picc . of fur . ¦ ver^ ch « P indeed at .. S42.0O iks^^r^L 0idNtl!onWhi » k y~ Gttar « ntttd ««'8 htl8 94g«>j'.8^. • • ¦
I Youths' Shoes with extension soles, heels and M y jl -- «» S29.OO lVgcarryafut/l iueoftutl^s kfc-^H A. V 'h Vinl^; i^. b.^ *''*''
R hooks on the uppers— «T M Quartcr-Sawed Oak Buffet — Good iravs, serving tables and dinin?- \j \ ¦ 'i wm i ne larg^ i»ta« "':*¦*> ..•-•*•**
Sk c: 7e r 12 to 2 SI 15 «r . sire, h'ghiy prf'ahed, good cabinet room furniture oj all descrip- I ' Q Cabernet or Margaux- 6 year o!<» claren, gal 4?0C
k; , 3 * *" " * .work . .'.... ... $19.5O tions. U Brand)'— Califoma, extra <roi%, pi $2.12A Western poet, wandering through
a pine forest at night and suddenly
perceiving in the utter darkness a
gleam of silver light, might compare
the moon shining to some fairy palace
•with glittering window panes; In short,
to some object of his experience or
imagination. The Japanese poet, on
the other hand, would compare the
glimmering light to "a moonlit crag of
Fusiyama."
The Japanese always remains an ob
server. He never becomes one with na
ture. . He does not possess the faculty
of endowing inanimate objects with
life. To invest clouds and woods with
human thoughts and desires, as, for
instance. Shelly has done, seems bald
and meaningless to him, and such a
sentence as "Aurora, veiling herself in
clouds, like a blushing girl," he would
consider in very bad taste. He looks
at the world with the eyes of an ideal
realist, or, rather, of an impressionist.
Life passes like the dissolving views of
a magic lantern, showing one beautiful
landscape after the other, each one
containing sufficient material for an ex
quisite vignette.— The Reader.
Japanese Poetry.
The new Lyceum Club for woiqpn,
which is to combine under one roof
club, residential hotel, information bu
reau* and several other attractions, is
moving rapidly toward its hatching.
Its exact site is not yet settled; but it
has the option of four sets of buildings
in Piccadilly, and the decision will prob
ably be made early next week. The
"original members" will bo elected in
January, and with the coming of spring
the club will enter into its own. Al
ready It is drawing members from all
quarters of the English-speaking world
—authors, artists, journalists, as well
as those who shine in the reflected
glory of their husbands. — London
Chronicle.
Hotel for Women.
Overture. Fairyrieve's orchestra; address of
welcome. Chief T. A. Munro; bagpipe ¦elec
tion—Pipers: I. S. n. Tevendale R. Mcl>.
Murray, A. Ross: quartet— (a) '"Ye Banks
and Brae?," (b) "Duncan Gray." Mri. Susia
II. -Mark. Miss M. Judson. Frank Onslow. r~
A. Larsen; sola "Loch Lomond." Mrs. Susi*
Ilert Mark; (a) '•There Was a Lad TVm
Born In Kyle." 0b) "Afton Water." FVanic
Onslow; oration. "Robert Burns." Rer. Georg »
J. Gibson; (a) tableaux and choral repre
sentation of "Scots Wha Hae." (b) tab
leaux and departure of Bonnie Prlnc*
Charlie. 100 clansmen in costume; solo ia)
"A Highland Lad." (b) "Robin AdaJr." Mlsa
MiKr.on Judson; tableaux — (a) "Caller Her
rln" (solo by Mrs. Susie Hert Mark). ib>
representation of an everyday scene at
New Haven, members of Lady Lovat Lodre
Ladies' Auxiliary; «olo — (a) "Gas Bring ta<t
Me a Pint o" Wine," (h) "A Man's a Man
for A' That." I* A. Larsen; tableaux char
acteristic representation of "Auld Lang Syn»."
A dance wil conclude the evening's
entertainment.
Clan Fraser X/o. 78, Order of Scot
tish Clans, will give an entertainment
in honor of the birthday of the im
mortal "Bobby;* Burns at Xative Sons*
Hall on Mason street next Tuesday
evening. A special programme has
been prepared for the occasion and tha
affair promises to be a memorable one.
Following is the programme:
Members of Clan Fraser Plan to Hold
an Kntcrtainment in Commemo
ration of Robert Barns.
Clark— That's old man Driver who
has Just passed us. He makes me tired.
Fidgett— There you go with your non
sensical slang. He doesn't really "maka
you tired." You should say — -
Clark— He.Just does. I'm working for
him now.— Philadelphia Press.
Proud Father — Rick, my boy. If you
live ud to your oration you'll be an
honor to the family.
Valedictorian— I expect to do better
than that, father. I am going to try
to live up to the baccalaureate sermon.
— Chicago Tribune.
Metzger & Franklin, a local lottery
firm, reports being mulcted to the tune
of $15,000 on Friday last by a' clever
trick perpetrated by a "supposed St.
Louis crook, whose means of fraud
were two bogus lottery tickets, so per
fect in imitation of the genuine coupons
that they. easily passed the scrutiny of
the lottery firm, and it was not until
yesterday that the latter discovered
they had been duped.
The police were at once communi
cated with and an investigation showed
that the man had arrived here from St.
Louis, where the genuine tickets are
printed, a week ago yesterday and reg
istered at the Lick House. He had by
some means secured in St. Louis the
paper on which the tickets are printed
and called in the services of a printer
here to reproduce some of the alluring
slips. As soon as the winning num
bers were published they were printed
on the duplicate coupons, each of which
called for $7500 and both were promptly
cashed by check when presented at the
office of Metzger & Franklin. When
the firm discovered the trick it engaged
the services of Handwriting Expert
Kytka, who pronounced the forgery a
clever one.
The crook, after receiving the two
check3 for $7500 each, went to a bank,
but as. he had no one to identify him,
they were not cashed. He then called
on Adolph Ottinger, the ticket broker
on Market street, and asked him if he
would indorse the checks. Ottinger
was obliging and the crook returned
to the bank. Instead of taking coin, he
secured drafts for the amounts on Xew
York and took his departure for Los
Angeles.
When Metzger & Franklin were no
tified of these facts the bank was com
municated with and payment of the
drafts was stopped, so that the crook,
through his own carelessness, may not
gain anything by his bold fraud. His
description was wired to Los Angeles
by the police, with a request that he be
arrested, but doubts are expressed as
to whether he could be convicted for
forging an illegal document.
Henry Lunstedt, grand secretary of
the Grand. Parlor of the Xative Sons
of the Golden West, has been deposed
from his position, the reason being
that he is short in his accounts in the
sum of about $7000.
Although it was known j'esterday
that Lunstedt was a defaulter the offi
cers of the Grand Parlor of the Xative
Sons would neither affirm nor deny the
accusations that the trusted official
had betrayed the trust reposed in him
ever since»thc society had been formed.
For twenty-two years Lunstedt
served as secretary of the Grand Par
lor and not a word had ever been ut
tered against his integrity. The news
that he is a defaulter came as a great
surprise to the thousands of the mem
bers of the organization.
For the last two weeks the officers
of the Grand Parlor of the Xative Sons
have quietly pursued an investigation
of Lunstedt's accounts. i
Secrecy has been maintained and the
officers have been warned not to make
public any of their findings, but the
startling news leaked out despite the
precautions taken.
Lunstedt was deposed from his posi
tion as grand secretary a few days ago
and Charles H. Turner of the Mer
chants' Exchange was elected to serve
for the term which expires next April,
when the Grand Parlor holds its an
nual meeting.
The various officers of the Grand
Parlor that are located in this city re
fused yesterday* to discuss the short
age of Lunstedt, and every effort is
being: made to hush the matter up.
L-unstedt and his intimate friends were
engaged yesterday in trying to raise
enough funds to make good the defal
cation. ./
James C. Gallagher, second grand
vice president, and Henry S. Martin,
grand treasurer, were seen yesterday,
but they declined to. make any state
ment as to Lundstedt's shortage. They
declared that Lundstedt was a "good
fellow" and that "everything would
be arranged satisfactorily."
Lundstedt's brother, Theodore Lund
stedt, admitted that his brother was a
defaulter, and said that the. accused
man did not care to make a statement
at the present time.
It is generally admitted that Henry
Lundstedt has? worked hard for the
success of the' Xative Sons and that
the defalcations of which he is ac
cused arose from his desire to enter
tain out-of-town members of the or
der when they visited San Francisco.
The loose methods of bookkeeping pur
sued by Lundstedt and passed by the
grand officers enabled the disgraced
man to cover up his peculations.
The sums of money that he used ille
gally are spread over the last seven
years, and were taken in very small
sums from time to^time. Lundstedt has
no property or means to make good his
For some unknown reason the police
hare not yet confronted Landlord Xei
blas with Mrs. de Lareuelle. clerk in the
Native Sons cleaning establishment.
Mrs. de Lareuelle made the statement
that she recognized Joseph Xeiblas,
Soeder's former landlord, as the man
that brought the gray suit to her that
•was worn by Soeder on the night Blaise
was murdered. Her identification was
made after seeing an excellent picture
of the landlord, and she still maintains
her story, despite the efforts of the po
lice to have her keep silence.
Detective Thomas Gibson yesterday
corroborated the statement of Mr?, de
Jvareuelle as published in The Call yes
terday. He says that the woman told
him Friday th&t she was sure that Xei
blas was the man that dolivered
Soeder's suit at the cleaning establish
ment.
Mrs. de Larouelle remain* as. positive
p.s ever on the point of her identifica
tion, and it is the duty of the police to
ipve her a char.ee to see the man face
to face. It is believed that Xeiblas
knows more than he has told.
Detective Gibson has been looking for
a. man resembling Xeibias, who he
thinks is in oxistence ajnd knows some
thing of Socder's transactions. He gets
his clew from Xciblap. who states that
on December 31 a woman of Spanish or
Mexican nationality rented the top floor
of his little house on Jackson street.
The woman paid J18 rent and left, but
never returned to the rooms. ¦
Xeiblas claims that the woman, who
cave her name as Mrs. Grove, was seen
taJking to Soeder after she had rented
the rooms. Gibson located her In her
rooms on Broadway yesterday. He in
terrogated her to find out if she had an
acquaintance of dark complexion that
knew Soeder. It was the theory of Gib
son that the woman who talked to
Seeder had a man living with her, and
that this man may have been connected
with Soeder in getting rid of incrimin
ating evidence after the crime was
committed. -'- / -'v
Mrs. Grove, as she calls ; herself,
claims 5he does not know Soeder and
denies an acquaintanceship with any
man associated with Soeder. Gibson
claims that the woman could give him
no evidence, yet he paid her several
visits yesterday.
The police have as yet insufficient
proof against Soeder, and know it. They
want to postpone the Coroner's inquest,
•which has been srt for Tuesday next,
although it is necessary that it be held
hrfore the preliminary hearing, which
has been set for Wednesday, the 27th
inst. •*- 7 i?V£
Th« police are busy summoning wit
n<*ses and expect to have more than
thirty at the examination next Wednes
day. Detective Gibson feels confident
that Judge Cabaniss will hear enough
evidence to warrant his binding Soeder
aver to the Superior Court for trial for
the murder of Blaise.
ORDER NOT AFFECTED.
Grand President McXoble Issues SUte
ment on the Lunstedt Matter.
STOCKTOX. Jan. 23— Grand Presi
dent McXoble of the Xative Sons gave
out a statement to-day regarding the
defalcation of Lunstedt. He says in
part:
"It is a fact that the grand secretary
is short in his accounts. According to
his own confession he has been short
for eight years. The system he em
ployed is new to experts. He kept a
double set of accounts, only one of
which the officials knew about. In a
second set of books he recorded his
peculation?. His own handwriting
shows the amount of money taken. His
misdeeds will not affect the business of
the Grand Parlor or the management
of the order."
Says Clever Forger Secured
Checks for $1 5.000 for Bogus
Tickets, but Left Coin in Bank
Admit That Mrs. de Lareuelle
Identified Xeiblas as Man
That Delivered Soeder's Suit
Grand Secretary of Native
Sons Is Short in His Ac
counts in the Sum of $7000
The Supreme Head of the Knights
Will Pay California Tents
a Visit.
A meeting of the representatives of
all the tents of the Knights of the
Maccabees of San Francisco and of
the bay counties was held Friday
evening for the purpose of arranging
for a joint reception to be tendered
Supreme Commander D. P. Markey on
bis visit to this city about the middle
of next March, after he shall have at
tended the State convention to be held
in the city of Los Angeles, which is to
convene March 9. He will come to
this city in the company of his wife,
Lady Lillian Hollister, supreme com
mander of the Ladies of the Macca
bees, and Lady Bina West, supreme
record keeper of that organization,
and it is their intention to spend a
week here. The following named
have been appointed a committee to
arrange for this event: A. C. Sharpe
of Golden West Tent, chairman;
George V. Leroi of San Francisco
Tent, secretary; Theo Frolich, treas
urer; J. L. Fine of Oak Tent, A.
Traube of Pacific Tent, John , Gilder
of Argonaut Tent, L. Rissman of Ala
meda Tent, J. E. Thompson of Rich
mond Tent and H. F. Bryant of Berke
ley Tent. Members from other tents
will be added to the committee at the
next meeting.
LOTTERY FIRM
CLAIMS FRAUD
FIND LUNSTEDT
IS A DEFAULTER
POLICE AFFIRM
HER STATEMENT
WUJj" .HOXOR THE ME3IORY
OF IMMORTAL SCOTCH POET
COMMAXDER OF MACCABEES
WILL BE HERE IX MARCH
RDCEPTIOX TO THE CHIEF
OF AMERICAN FORESTERS
Supreme Head of Order Kept Bnsjr
Shaking Hands With Fra
ternal Brothers.
Supreme Chief Ranger J. T. Kelly
of the Foresters of America, -was ten
dered a reception in Elntracht Hall
last night by the membership of the
local courts of the order. After that
there was a ball. The hall, which
was patriotically decorated, was
crowded with the members and their
lady relatives and friends and for
some time before the grand march
the supreme chief held a levee when
he shook hands with almost every. one
present.
The grand march was started with
more than 300 couolesand at its close
the marchers enjoyed the pleasure of
the modern waltz. The programme
was made up of twelve numbers, with
two extras. The following, named had
charge of the ball: W. E. Foley,
William J. Donlon, M. Harris, Joseph
Xl Gallagher, M. Stultzaft, George W.
Daley, John T. Hayes, C. R. Stone,
Max Cohn, A. L. Eisner, J. A. Bridge
wood, G. H. Vincent, Xathan
Schwartz. William A. McDowell, H. J.
Cooper, J. Randolph, M. T. Alliman,
M. J. Maguire, A. J. Glover, W. C.
Dennett, P. Jacobson, Charles Kachel,
A. X. Lauff, Lew Morrison, E. M. Rit
ter, Herman Goetz, Charles Pries, S.
T. Bryer. J. J. Harrington, W. F. Ba
con. John Callen, Henry Xewburg, D.
P. Casey, Sylvester Shaben, F. Zucker,
L. K. Hasenkamp, H. Munter Sr., E.
Cerf, Charles J. Woodall, S. Basker,
A. Duffee, P. J. Gray, E. C. Brehm,
Dr. G. H. Juilly, J. W. Sparrow, V. E.
Fteitu
The attendance of Foresters and
friends was the largest that has ever
been held in this city, nearly 4000 being
present. The grand march was led by
William J. Donlan, assistant floor man
a«er. and Mrs. Donlan.
losses, but his friends say that they
will see that no trouble comes to him
from v.hat they call "a misfortune."
* A surety company Is on, Lundstedt's
bond in the sum of 54000, and hi3
friends claim that they will make this
amount good in addition to repaying
the order of the Native Sons the
amount Lunflstedt has squandered.
Lundstedt's salary was recently raised
to $2000 a year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 24. 1904.
At a- cost of $32,500,000 a large cen
tral railway station,' with thirty-two
tracks, is to be built at Leipsic.
Detroit, the City of Pills.
The pill and civilization walk hand
in hand. Americans may feel justly
proud of«being citizens of the greatest
pill-eating nation on" the globe. Detroit
deserves a wreath of glory as the
worlds most prolific, tireless and ver
satile producer 'of pills. She sends
forth these pellets of health at the rate 1
of l.'O tons of pills a month— nearly
2000 tons a year. It is a mark of the
benevolent spirit of Detroit that she
consumes but a small portion herself,
sending the greater part to ease the
ills of other places. There is no malady
on earth which . the' 1700 varieties of pills
made in Detroit will not alleviate. —
Leslie's Monthly.
One EnglJslunan's Wit.
One of the hits in Lew Dockstader's
performance the other night at Ham
merstein'a Victoria was his imaginary
receipt of wireless messages from the
McClellan banquet. He had . dined
with half a dozen lively individuals
and an Englishman, all of whom had
witnessed the show the evening before.
"Weally, Mr. Dockstader," said the
Englishman, "can you explain how
that Marconigram from Mr. Bryan got
to the McClellan dinner, if there is no
wireless apparatus on the Celtic?"
"Dead easy," he replied, "but you
¦won't give me away?"
"Of course, I won't."
"Did you notice when I waved my
hand in the air last evening? Yes? I
sent it myself."
Then the Britisher got back at
Dockstader. "Very good trick. Very
I suppose you'd call that the
'lay of the last minstrel.' '\
Flnt-class ticket* between San Francisco
*nd Loi Angles, either direction. Including
•top of two days' entertainment at famous
Pa*o Robins Hot Springs Hotel, only $21; chil
dren. $13 SO. Privilege of thirty days' itop
ov»r. Best of fare nnd service at hotel. Cura
tive mud or hot water baths; One drives; In
vigorating mountain air: warm aunshlne. Just
the place to r»st. Pull information of Southern
Pacific ticket agent*. *
Stop at Paso Robles.
In their efforts to raise money to aid
in the completion of a new $15,000
church at Humboldt a number of the
women of the Congregational church
pledged themselves to contribute $1
each toward the purchase of carpeting
for the new structure and to earn the
money, by manual labor. Mrs. "Will
Strong, Mrs. Corry and Mrs. Ferryby,
wife of Dr. Ferryby, went out into a
cornfield and in half a day husked
forty bushels of corn, receiving for
their work 3 cents per bushel. Not
making the necessary dollar, they went
into a neighboring beet patch. the fol
lowing day and pulled beets, for which
work the farmer paid them and then
donated the beets. Miss Mabel Fuller
and Miss Minnie Nichols, school teach
ers, sold popcorn at the football games
and on the streets. Failing to raise the
necessary amounts they hired out to
do the janitor work of the Courthouse
for- a short time.— Chicago Record-
Herald. V~j:U
Fair Corn Huskere.
Is Man Lazy?
The London Daily Mail finds that
modern life tends to make us all lazy;
that people will no longer read poetry
because it requires effort; will no longer
row boats, dance dances or take a game
of whist seriously. And in this change
there lurks a certain amount of truth.
The modern man will show you, plenty
of energy when ho thinks it useful in
his affairs. If he will not read poetry
he will at least spend weary hour3
writing it, for the sake of the magazine
editor's check. If he will not dance
he will buy up a whole theatrical troupe
and wear himself thin in, trying to
raise money enough to keep them on
the road. He no longer enjoys a quiet
game of whist with three old cronies
on Saturday night; but propose to him
a game of bridge— well, that, too, is
something he can use in his business.
The fact is, the modern man is des
perately lazy when he Is not doing
something.— Boston Transcript.
28
,; ' EXPEBT OPTICIAN. : .
i « — — ..... - ¦ , .... ¦' — ' ' : — '• — '¦ ' ___^_______________^ O— ..
' U-ri^i-^-'i ¦ ¦ •'___¦ * " - ' .-¦..-•-¦:¦¦.-.¦ ¦'..¦-..¦ :¦¦¦•"¦) ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ . . - ¦ •
|{ A t SAN FRANCISCO OPTICIAN
I The Presidents of these Optical Colleges confar the highest honors and award the following Diplomas to Mr. George Mayerle, the German Expert Optician, 1071 Market Street, In recognition of HIS HIGHEST OPTICAL SKILL:
jl _ "**" — :=r^i"Vi^ .^"-"-X THE FBESIDENT OT THE AMZBIOAST OPTICAL COLliEGB WRITES: ' ¦
S3 "" *-C^ '?iT* llatTlVVltTt fSr-Sj'fl tfifl ~-^>> • \- r ' ?*° r|:e Mayerle— Dear Sir: It I* a gr^at deal of satisfaction to us to be abl* to turn c.u a stiDJent lik« • J!t<JSu3[ (JNt!Trf$' 'ft-
#.*St&£tftmr577 ft^m^mmiWk >' : >vZ^ IHTKEYIAR OF CUR LORD EIGHTEEN HUNDRED AND H1HETY- SIX. fi^^^^^^fc^-ui.^^^//
H .jt**&jdL£Cryt^sr*mi*r/^^*/Z^A/Aify™fa . ,- (ft-,m,/kiu,,/Ti# • ' (Doctor of "Kcfractioii (IRct ©.)
\\ *^ST? n£Z~- , r Jr^ „ ,' ' M«j *¦,»/>/<*¦'/» /»//<*»»' <¦/»*&«'#*» ~j/itMr*'J>'«/'fy*X*'
1] '*zC~ :^~^r<- - T--^* k - — - — , *--*—*. -it Z&iij&L^^^ /'/™^ ' ,£-</? J>/ S/7^Z-)S*''-^ • (r- — w?- --->A **
IJ Very truly your*. WILLIAM F. CATHCAnT. President. flfflHA S&t71?§£f!p/t r . _, competent and skilled optometrist. Tours faithfully, C. ir. BROUN. President.
I ¦ Mm^^^S^^ L ¦ufe^— • m Qg£ -Mtj
I^^^^^^&^Bf^ *^ . THE PERSONAL ELEMENT . S^ft^^
TjscMooi^^V^^l^Sf^r/^^K"-**^^ That enters into Mr. George Mayerle's practice is a FOWESTTJli PACTOB to his success. He gives each ""^-" : £^p!§^^
v <C*LointTS3'*'' 1 patient his earnest, personal attention, and takes an intense interest in every case. Optlca Is his Con- ~j_Z: ~~ r ¦U^W^^5^«--ri rtr -"
53^jS5S3I\!^^^JE.F5w «t»nt Study, the rellevlnc of some complicated eye defeot Ills sreat pleasure. 7- . ¦' :'-"^j£5Sw*^"ii?"-:"
> Bt%Sm tf^/y He has personally examined over twenty-flve thtfusand most complicated cases of Weak Eyes and '~' r "?' '^^^^t^'
Z/yjLf^y^JltAjHttjjLi/ftsCtime'&ltwttf^ Poor Sight. A Highest Record obtained in the Science of Optics. C " "
/ - C> L ~' Mr. George Mayerle has probably prescribed glasses to more prominent men of the world than any «EPT3^^ 5ft^?IPj?L4rb' l^l^
*gL .* loewn &•? j, "TT^m T <T\ "ther optician in this country. The fact that the highest United States Army. Navy and Government 4L.4SAQk& «4S'«i«»r*l«V^«.«A*a*
(yrtfl'QC (OilOTCne officials and most eminent clergymen. Judges and educators of California are using his glasses should rrar* ' (A jrtj' f Atd*.
I<^^ r^^,a,^^J^ u . fflc i e Sc e t2r c- of hls wonderful abimy to treat most co - plicat - d -«- wlth — >' and ab - • m? Hwar^ to K&msspjM&gaa*. j—~
%^* f -<^/iA<JmyX^<%^ ¦ additional f>f^^ic, e H ™Mincny</4*™y*>»^*1f Courec cr Xccturw, *ufA**«*
Vu^^^.^y^^w WM.4& +*_*«**. GEHEBAIi wniIAM BOOTH fh D b 'J ' t^ tS22Z * se _ My De8r s,r: i am .«;,•«.,». /W.^^^^Scicnce.of Q^.^jsjc.tOy
a.' »«»HfW.W u ' ltv * -mends Georee Marerle's glasses which ADMIEAL O330SOS JDUV/HI, ault my eyes perfectly. Yours very_ . <^ f% f*- tt .?lnt,ti% ' f>tfflt*\tVn oiir^x.
. .,- were made for him while In San Fran- _.. truly. GEORGE DEWEY. VpUClttBU^iJTS
Cisco. He highly appredates the sooth- d uri°ng t'he S^nlTh-Anledcan ' war an" THE PRESIDENT OP SAHTA -u*a^ 1^, ,* M ,~, r»» ,^*^
' J n M r .^ rm A l^>/*yr*/J^l<u^'^*^tr»* c ft***' a ~ i * '*¦* end HrengthenlnE effect they have 1* otlll uslnt; them with inut'h satis- CLARA COLLEGE. JjWiHtffc ¦-" Sfllgita fglmjif &» <^/ 9 mJ&HtZ/ t/£e4t */&* <Ui Z>i4an£»
•itfSfei, «*V »?/ 'ftrfwV 6f*V^ ««(V»^:^^^VyA^ on his eyes, and writes the- following t«cllon. highly reromni^nils Mr George Mr. Georce Mayerle-Dear Sir: The £^Wmk 'y / **', W ' / .O /7 y / ., <v „' / / , ,
/S^fefc T J' - V; -Lur ' teAlmonlal: M.yerK and »en<Ji the following te.- jUm« onlered cm. In eood Um*. mWSEEmk *~&u&S & ~*~', mn</ ~m«/ £,'. HaZ/^uS^JL. & 6 /*~~£*
*v<i>r£* O* O*-**** V ,«•«*«?* -«*i^rf *~* — * -c-t-t>t r- tt "inoniai. . They arc i-xcellent. and I am more .WMtfflTOWEBHEllr . . ' ' S /&\ >
Sg?2S5 MR - GEORGE MATERI/E— Dear Mr . Geor K »» Mayerlp. German Kipprt than plpa.xrd nlth them. Your.- very T&&8SR8sB8£i J?L^ //,. 2 0 /S *L~ */¦ .-*/**.'/?, "5>C O Str/
Iffife^r B -^f ¦¦ E!r: Th ' glasses you made for me are Optician. 1071 Market f?t.. San Fran- truly, ROBERT E. KENNA. S. J. 1MI|BBBMBHbF '%f—~,s*~' __•*&'_/ —
____^ """^ COLIMANDEB IN CHIEF ro» TH2 O. A. K. WRITES: TWpf /P/S* '*
; December 30. 190S— I hav« been us|ng George Mayerle'a Glasses, mad» for me In August, and. have found them .. rf/£g2rf^faj£ ... ¦
l&flt* A NEW DISCOVERY perfectly d-llrbtful. Very truly yours. ' JOHN C. BLACK. / > *"**
\i GZBXCAIT ITEGLASS CLEAKEES — Indispensable to eyeglass and spectacle HI * "W^k 4~^ fl * JSK /BT ")X Tt T W V TT"^ W M 4 d~\ *1 + K./T '•* j **-*. a i
I ESkS 1^^^- « -^ GEORGE M A YE RLE --«rs"~r 1071 Market St.
German Eyewater -^"--o^. 50c, by Mail 62c Examined Free IKT OPEN EVENINGS _@CT "^ 'SSroSXZSZ — s "^ <»»• »'— »-*¦
H^ Glasses by mall or «xpren. UJWO EiAcIIIIIlIwll n CC UhS V/r*L»ll L» V LlllllUo eJECHij Telephone Bontlx 573.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iJmPdlar
-¦¦'"' »INBr£* ecu
KRgSsaBR.'.- by liiKh-cl.iss talleri
. j ¦ tripgyKSS" ' ¦* I>i,th !U and -acirk-
'-"*'" WkjBH * rnanship arc perTnct.
V^¥j|j|S|i for >cu to wear b*.ily
.¦*"'V ; '" ¥&ja«3 i-!<ithes when you can
-jimAl*vSB tsj«:c by our plan
£K-S^Tf<» without foellns tha
m "' wjjd expenditure. %
:* • A.B. Smith Go.
Up-to-date Tailors.
128-132 Elils Street. Above Powell,
Q'l'+~J, s * n Francisco.DESSAU. Germany. Jan. 23. — The
Duke of Anhall has had another apo
plectic ' stroke and now lies In Castle
Ballensteit in an unconscious and
critical condition.
Dnke* of Anhall Very III.
effect that Lieutenant Campbell W.
Flake had been killed and that Lieu
tenant William E. Roberts and Private
Foy had been badly founded when
out on a scouting expedition against
unfriendly Moros. All of the men be
longed to the Twenty-second Infantry.
Oregon— L. E'. Palmer. Salmon. Clacka
mas County, vice Holland W. Parker,
resigned.
A navaP order assigns Assistant Civil
Engineer F. H. Cooke to Mare Island.
AMERICAN OFFICERS
ATTACKED BY MOROS
Report That Lieutenant Flake Is
Killed and Lieutenant Roberts
and Private Foy Injured.
MANILA, Jan. 23. — A report has
been received from Mindanao to the
That some of the protestants do not
follow Taylor ¦ to the extent of saying
they, have; no information. to the effect
that Smoot is a polygamist Avas brought
out in the meeting to-day, when Sen
ator Dubois said that he had received
assurances that there was on file tes
timony on that point.
The committee did not attempt to de
cide how extensive the Inquiry should
be, leaving that point for future deter
mination. Some of the members of the
committee express the opinion ; that
when the investigation is once entered
upon it. will be impossible to preVent
opening the doors wide and going into
all the points thoroughly. They agree,
however, with the rridre conservative
members that it is wise to leave the,ex
tent of the work to be done to future
developments. 4 . .. . ; t . • ,
The Senate committee had before', it
Smoot's amended reply to the specific
charges made by Taylor at the meet
ing on the" 16th inst., and it was agreed
that the charges and the reply consti-'
tuted a sharply joined issue, especially
on /the point as to the interference of
the Mormon church in temporal affairs.
Members of the committee express the
opinion, that; this and the charge that
Smoot is a polygamist Will constitute
the'principal points of inquiry. ... .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— The Senate
Committee on Privileges and Elections
to-day determined to enter upon'an In
vestigation into the charges against
Senator Smoot in connection with the
demands for his expulsion from the
Senate, and authorized Senator Bur
rows, chairman J of the committee, to
present a resolution in the Senate per
mitting the committee to send for wit
nesses and documents.
Departments : at Washington Tssue
. Orders Concerning Postoflices
- and Navy Affairs.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— Postofflce
discontinued January 30: California-
Sorrento, San Diego County, mail to
Delmar. * , •
Postmaster commissioned: California
—John C. Braiden, Lemon Grove.
Fourth-class Postmaster appointed :
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Senate Committee Will in
vestigate * Charges Against
Mormon Senator From Utah
SMOOT INQUIRY
DECIDED UPON
Henry Ernst will build a four-story
flat structure on the south line of
Hayes street, west of Buchanan, to
cost $13,000.
Paul T. Goodloe will build a two
story and basenunt fiat on the south
east corner of. Filbert and Pierce
streets to cost $12,500.
A.' three-story and basement fiat
building and also an adjoining build
ing will' be erected for Gustav C. F.
Schwartz on the northwest corner of
Steiner and McAllister streets. The
cost Will be about $18,500. ..
At the northeastVorner of "Webster
and Union streets 'Isaac Anderson will
erect a three-story and basement res
idence to "cost : $14,500.
J..A. Folger & Co. will erect a busi
ness building- on the southwest corner
of Spear and Howard streetB. The lot
is 137:6x137:6. '
Mrs. Fannie : P. Farnsworth ' will
build a six-story and basement struc
ture on the southwest line of Third
street, 137:6 feet northwest of Town
send street, to cover a lot 137:6x160
feet.
Tho J. K. C. Hobbs Estate Company
will build a four-story and basement
apartment-house on the southeast
corner of Gough'and Turk streets, the
cost of which will be $46,000. '
R. D. Cranston will erect a three
story and basement tenement struct
ture on the north line of Waller street,
90 feet' east of Ashbury, at a cost of
$10,000.' v\ ;>
SOME NEW BUILDINGS.
Lyon & Hoag have effected a lease
on the- property recently purchased
by Bertha Sanders on the south side
of Stevenson street, 365 feet south
west of Fifth, 47:6x155, to the Wiley
B. Allen Company, for eight
years at a total rental of $38,400.The
lessor is to' erect a new building for
the Wiley B. Allen Company. , '
The C. M. Wooster Company has
sold the following 1 properties through
its country department:
For A. *j. Houts to R. S. Carle, a hop
ranch near Santa Rosa for $10,000; at Redwood
City, one and one-elBhth acres, to W. W. Bee
son, and to E. R. Byrd. five acres; and for
the account of the Santa Clara Valley Land
Company in the Saq Martin tract to the buy
ers named at the rate of $100 an acre, to
F«mk Li Stevens of New York, ten acres, B.
A Keeler. of Chicago twenty acres, J. Krohn
of Barberton, Ohio, twelve and one-half acres,
<l H. de Lap of Chicago twenty acreir E. J.
Ilrew of Chicago ten acres. E. E. Colley of
Chicago thirteen acres, F. L. \osburg of Chi
cago ten acres, and to A. M. Pitts of Chicago
ten acres.
Juntas Rancho, Contra Coata County, consist
ing of 3115 aere3 and improvements, known as
the Golden Oate home, for $12,000; for G. C.
Thompson, blocks 5 and 6. Glenhaven Park,
Portland Or., comprising sixty lots, for I3S0Q;
for William Mann, two lots. 50x100 and 65x
123 on the southwest corner of Thirteenth
avenue and East Fifteenth street, Oakland,
with buildings consisting of stores and flats,
for $10 000; for William Jasper, the IMsRott
ranch, Sonoma County, of 200 acres, for $l'.»00;
for William Mann, four lots, on the south
east corner of Twenty-first and Diamond
fctreets. in this city, for ?2000.
The American sewing machine is
making advances in Japan far ahead
of all others.
• KIEL. Jan. 23. — The German cruis
er Prhiz Henrich will be dispatched
fjv~>m here for Aalesund to-morrow
n-ith provisions and medical stores for
the relief of the victims of the fire
there.
Germany to Send Relief.
Aalesund is a busy port trading town
of Norway, with more than S000 inhab
itants.
Two persons perished in the flr*».
One steamship was burned in the
harbor, and it is feared that others
w-ill be destroyed. Supplies of money,
clothing and wovisions are being: sent
from all parts of Norway.
TROXDHJEM. Norway, Jan. 23.— The
town of Aalosund was destroyed by fire
to-day. The destruction of Aalesund
was complete. The damage is esti
mated p.t ?r»,O0O.O00. The entire pop
ulation is homeless.
Fivc Million Dollars tho Esti
mated Value of Property That
Is Lost in the Conflagration
Lyon * TToag report sales as follows:
From Ann E. Gorham to Goonr* <*« Uriostc.
routneast corner of Fell and Franklin streets,
S"Cxl20 feet, for $.'53.000;.from Thomas Gegan,
Ann Kelly and Catherine O'Dea to I5ertha
f-andcrs. 47:^x153 feet on the southeast line of
Htevcnson street/ S65 feet west of Fifth, run
riin-- thrcuKh to Jessie, Tor $23,750: flat* on the
ea«t line of Lyon street. 12.1 feet north of Mc-
Allister, 2T>xl00 feet, from T. Relnke to T. B.
Khea for $7500; lot 25x82:6 feet and improve
ments on the east line of Baker street. 82:6
lect south of California, from Dr. H. C. Cot-
Three hundred and twenty-four acres of
grain, hay and alfalfa, land In Merced County
Irom J B. Laneton to O. B. Branston • tor
$3720- sixteen acres of choice land near Napa
from Colonel John True to Wallace B.Thuro
ton for $3200; forty-five acres of unimproved
land nrar Novato, Marln County, from Julius
Olson to James B. O'Connor for $2250.
RJSPORT 31AXY SALES/ jV;
The same brothers have sold the fol
lowing properties through their coun
try department:
Nrrth lin* of Pine street, 92:6 west of
Ptookton. 41:Ss59:6. with two flats, from
Joseph Miohel to James Paplnl. for $»..»00, and
have resold the promlrf* to Benjamin Fabian for
*;.-.«)• on the north line of Sacramento street.
liK-0 west of Webster, 25xl27:8U, with two
Rats, from J- McMullen ta Emma M. Winter,
for SC2S0: in the east line of Powell street.
7S feet north of Bush, 23x07 : 6 Ki. with three
flats from James Scott to a client, for $13,500;
on the pouth line of Bush street, 00:fl cast of
Mason 22xS4 feet, with a four-story flat, from
tho Beuson estate to T. Cuneo. for $12,000,
and on tho south line of Bush street, 1«7 feet
east of Larkin. 25xlS7:6. with two flats and
a cottar*, from I. C. Trubody to Jacob John
ton, for J90C0.
For E. G. Eisen et a!., improvements con-
Fistins of several flats and houses and lot
103:116x82, irregular west line of Franklin
street " 103:1 H feet south of Fulton, total rents
$1SS 50, for $23,000; for Robert Behlow to V.
Zech Jr., improvements at Ugl, 985. 1»S9 Pott
street three 2-story houses, rent $132 50 per
month south line of Post street, 37:0 feet east
of Larkin, 50x87:6. for $21,000; for Mrs. M.
Bitternian, Improvements at 2521 Folsom
street, east lir.e. 100 feet south of Twenty-first,
and lot 25x122 :C. for $3250: for Mrs. Debney.
improvements^ at 943 McAllister street, lot
°7 -0x120 souths line, 220 east of Buchanan
street renting for $50 per 'month, for $SC0O;
for II C Junge. improvements and lot 25x(K>,
bouthe'ast line of Folsom fctreet. 150 feet south
west of Fifth, for $4250; for Mrs. B. Heston,
improvements consisting of two house* of flvfi
rooms each, rent $24 per month, northerly
lliK" of Willow avenue, 103:3 feet east of
Buchanan street. 25:0x00. for $3000; for- the
Hlbcrnla Bank, lot on northwest line of Mis
sion street 70 feet northeast of Brook, north
east S0xl"S to San Jose avenue, for $:5000; for
B Neyt improvements at 1070 Hampshire
street consisting of cottage, west line. 150 feet
north of Twenty-third street, and lot 23x100, for
K2100- for L. Taaffee, lot 75x100 on east line
if Chewy rtrert. 113 feet south of Hoanoke,
Cor I $1100; fcr Peter Hub estate, subject to
confirmation. Improvements and lot 25x75.
northwt-st line of Welsh street, 250 feet north
of Fourth, for $1050..
Chatficld (fc Vinzent have sold 34x75
feet and three nearly new flats on the
east lino of Larkin street,35 feet north
ot Clay, for Mrs. Blanche Oulif, to
L. Altmack for $17,500, and also the
following:
Recent sales are reported by G. H.
Umbsen & Co. as follows:
The realty market is in excellent
shape. Large sales have taken place in
several portions of the city during the.
week just" closed.* The total for the
week is large. Deals that were pending
are being comsummated. At this the
dealers are not surprised, for they have
known that the interest in the market
has been strong. The only factor that
retards sales in the business section is
the stout holding on by owners of busi
ness properties well situated. A review
of the proceeding of the week reveals
the accuracy of the judgment of the
dealers.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold to
the Ruby Hill Vineyard Company the
property now occupied by the Mutual
Electric Light Company. This property
is immediately opposite and facing New-
Montgomery street, being the south
side of Howard street, between Second
and Third, and having a frontage of
seventy-five feet, with a depth of 165
feet, running back to Tehama street in
the rear. D. L. Bliss and W. D. Tobey
are the sellers. The .selling price is in
the neighborhood of $110,000. This prop
erty is covered with a brick building.
Madison & Burke have buoght for a
client from J. C. Brickell the northeast
corner of Mission and Twenty-fourth
streets, with improvements, the lot be
ing 100x80 feet, for $30,000. The old Park
Hotel, a three-story building, is on the
lot.
John F. Merrill has bought for his
daughter, Mrs. Bates, the lot on the on
the north line of Broadway, 45x132 feet,
97:6 feet east of Baker street, for $17,000
as a building site. The seller is William
Mooser, the architect.
Bovee, Toy & Co. have sold for the
heirs of the William Matthews estate
to Mark E. Lewis the property on the
south line of Turk street 162 feet east
of Larkin. 67x137:6 feet, for $40,000. The
same brokers have also sold the follow T 
ing properties: ¦ .-
Lot' and improvements on the north line r>f
Fell street. 102 feet weet of Ptelner. 27:6x
137:6, for |:i00O; residence and lot on the east
line of Pan Jose avenue. 112 feet north of
Twenty-fifth. 37x90 feet. $4500; two flats and
lot on the east side of Moss street. 250 feet
south of Howard. 25x80 feet. $S25O; two flats
and lot on the west line of Webster etreet,
62 feet south of Ellis. -2oxS7:r.. for $52. r >0; two
fiats and lot on the south line of Natoma
street, 75 f*-et east of Eleventh. 25x75 feet.
J3T.U0. and two flats and lot on the west line of
San Carles avenue. 125 feet north of Eight
eenth street. $2350.
Center & Spader have sold the north
east corner of Dolores and Eighteenth
streets, running through to- Dorian
street, 237x100. feet, for Mrs. Kate Dor-
Ian to D. R. McNeil for $20,000.
Nelson, Johnson & Co. report a spir
ited inquiry for all classes of invest
ment property. Sales have been nu
merous since the first of the year and
• a prosperous condition of the market is
! indicated; in fact, the showing is much
i better than that of January of last
year. The firm claims there is every,
indication that this year will exceed
last year's record for sales' and prices.
These brokers report the following sales
made since January 1:
For a client to John J. Quinn, property on
the northwpst corner of Clay and ' Dupont
streets for $45.0O<). building rfnts for $500 per
month: for Julia JaeKClinB to Darrell & Salo
mon, thre* new up-to-date flats, lot 25x100.
on south line of Page etreet. 5C f»et west of
Lyon. rents $110. for $12,500; for Margaret M.
Wicks to T Robertson, six flats of 4 and S
rooms, lot 50x75. Nos. 218 and 220 Hitch
street, near Bryant, rents $"-'5 f>O. for $72.">O;
for Anna Jooft to T. Robertson, four new up
to-date fiats of 4 rooms and hath, lot 2. r >xl2r>,
Nor. 122 and 124 Eureka street, near Eight
eenth, rent? $«1 50, |for $7000; for A. McCaf
fery to Scott Griffin, northeast corner of Oak
and Fillmore streets. 25xS7:« feet, unimproved,
for $5000; for H. Cappelman to John A. Fell,
two flats of six rooms and bath, lot 2(3x100
feet Nos. 1821 and 1821 Vi Lyon Etreet. ncjUr
Sacramento, rents $i:$ r*T month, for $4390;
for Mrs. K~. Wcsemann to Dan-ell & Salomon,
cottage of five rooms, bath and basement. lot
25x^2 :<* No. 41.V5 Twentieth street, near*Cas
tro for $3000: for Bertha Peterson to James
Taylor five- room cottage, lot 25x100 feet. No.
1210 Vermont street, nrar Twf-nty-fourth. for
$2050; for Kate E. O'Neill to F. E. Slppel,
front and rear house. lot 25x75 feet. Nos. 278
and 2V) Harriet street, near Harrison, for
$2100; for G. Duveneck to A. Hermann, north
line of Eighteenth ttreet. U'3:4 west of Eu
reka 25-10x75 feet, unimproved for $1100; for
II Daman to M. A. and E. J. Mclnerny. four
fiats 50x137:6 feet. Nos. 1005 to 1011 Oalt
Etreet near Scott, for $S750; for John O'Brien
to Uo'sanna J. Espel. six modern flats. 51x06
feet No*. 122-12615 Noe strept. for $11,300.
DETAILS OF TRANSFERS.
The following sales are' reported by
Center & Spader:
Two lots on the «ast line of Guerrero street,
25 feet south of Twenty-third, each 25x100
feet, for Catherine Jones to Roger Carroll;
west Fide of Folsom street, 2M) feet north of
Twenty-first. 25x122:6. for Adeline Center to
Walter Axford; south line of Henry street. 240
feet east of Castro. 28x115 feet, from Henry
Mohr to Carl Ynjsve; three lots on the east <Ude
of Bryant street, lf>3 fret north of Twenty
first. 75x100 feet, from John Center to A II
Stohlman; east side or Fair Oaks street 18-{
feet south of Twenty- third. 30x125, with im
provements, from Roger Carroll to Robinson
Nugent: 'west side of FlUmore street 01 feet
north of Pace. 37:fixllO feet, from II. F Dex
ter to a client of R. D. Cranston; threo lots
on the east line of Moultrie street, 250 feet
south of Crescent avenue, 75x70 feet from
C. T. ScadT to the Ducas Company, and on
the east side of Folsom street, 150 feet south
of Nineteenth, 25x122 :« feet, from John Center
to William Pierce.
Madison & Burke have recently
made the following sales:
I»t 55x137:6 on the north side of Post street
between FlUmore and Steiner. for Mrs Fmma
G. Butler, for ?S0OO; lot C.OxSO feet, with stores
and lodging-house, on the east line of PowHl
street. 77:6 north of Broadway for Emma L
Stanley, for $14,000: lot 20x60 feet and brick
building on the south line of Commercial
street just east of Kearny. for $7500; lot B0x
05 feet on the. north side of Sixteenth streot
between Church and Sanchez, for G vlrd^r
for *4000; lot 25x100 feet and two flats on the
oast side of Noe street, between Seventeenth
AL,Tj PARTS OF CITY.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will hold a ref
eree's, sale of properties at their sales
room, 20 Montgomery street, on Mon
day, February 29, at noon. In fhe list
of properties to be offered are the fol
lowing:
Lot en west line of Kearny street, 21:8 north
of Sacramento, north 23:9x28:11 and im
provements; lot on northeast- corner of Kearny
street and Hardy place, north 40x3tj and im
provements, between Gutter and Bush streets;
lot on. west line of Stockton street 92 feet
north of Broadway. 63:8x45:6 and improve
ments; lot on southeast coiner of Post and
Stockton streets. 25x70 and improvements,
facing Union Square; lot on east line of
Lrf-avenworth street. C7:6 feet north of Turk,
north £0x87:6 and improvements; lot on west
line of Leavenworth etreet. 57:0 feet south of
Kddy. 2r>xS7:tJ and improvements; lot on west
line of Fillmore street. 106 feet south of Sacra
mento, south Mx 100:3 and improvements; lot
on northwest corner of Sacramento and Pierce
streets, west I.*?7:6xl27:8'.; and improvements;
lot on north line of Sacramento • street. 137-0
feet west, of Pierce. GS:!»xl27:K!i and improve
ments; lot on southwest corner of Clay and
Pierce streets, west 200 : :3xl27 :,S',J ; lot on
southeast corner of Jackson and Dcvlsadero
streets, south 52:8i;xll0 and improvements;
lot on southwest corner of Jackson and'Devisa
dero streets, south «i - ?:f»xl37:6 and improve
ments; lot on south line of Paclflt, avenue, 120
feet oast of Broderick street. : 55x127 :SVi and
improvements: full block, Mo. 855. on north
west corner of Thirty-third avenoe and Ship
Rtreet. WOOxSOO: lot on southwest corner of
Nineteenth RVenua south, 100 feet northwest of
R street south, northwest 100x200 to Thirtieth
avenue south, block 381.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will auction
properties at their salesroom at 638
Market street at noon next Tuesday.
There are many offerings on the list,
among: them being the property at 923
Pine rtreet, the improvements on
which are excellent.
Baldwin & Howell will sell at auc
tion on February 11 the western two
thirds of the block bounded by Polk,
Larkin, Fulton and Ash streets. The
property is owned by Mrs. Charity
Hayward.
TO BE AUCTIONED.
Lot, 42x120, on the we.st line of Eighth ave^
nue. 2Xi feet south of XI street, to G. and C.
Thomas for $750; lot. MxlOO on the west line
of Forty-seventh avenue, 100 feet north of I
street, to I. B. A'cee; lot. 2. r >xl00, on the north
east corner of I^ishon street and Brazil ave
nu-?. to J. H. Farrell: lot. 2.")xl00, on the north
east line of Brazil avenue, 75 feet southeast of
Lisbon street, to J. II. Fallell; lot, 25x100, on
the east line of South avenue, 50 feet south of
Rlchland avenue, to S. J. Taylor;, lot, 28:0x100,
on the southwest corner of Mount Vernon ave
nue and Tara street, to M. Wlttman: lot, 25x
100. on the north line of I street. 107:6 feet
west of Fortj'-seventh avenue, in outside lands,
block «;26. to M. Emmett.
tlngham to Mary O'BrJen for $0000: A. t>. Het
trick to S. Feart, lot on the west - line ot
Shrader street, -'5 feet north ql Frederick,
25x131 feet, for J2750; G. 1!. Gllman to M. L.
.Smith, four lots, each i!5xl(X> feetr, on the south
line of Klchland avenue. 150 feet east from
MlSFlcn street, for ?2T>0O: George F. Lyon to
J. Deasy, two flat3 and 30x80 feet on the east
line of Cole street, south of Frederick, for
5GOl>0: southeast corner of Church and Twenty
eighth streets, .11:0x75 feet with improvements,
by Joseph Ncal to P. Tusp for $6150; southeast
corner of Clement street and Twenty-sixth
avenue, 82:0x100 Xeet, with Improvements, by
William Herlihy to T. II. Hanembers for
$2500; lot, 25x127:6 feet and improvements, on
the north line of California etreet, 11)1:3 west
from Haker, by Catherine Melghari to Mary
B. AVilson for $55Oo; S. J. Kellogg to Peter
Nelson. 25xlo3 fret on the north line of Cali
fornia street, 27:6 feet west of Second avenue,
for S1050; James P, Donohoe to William C.
Larsen, 23x83:5 feet on the east line of Alpine
street, CO feet north from Thirteenth, for
$l«5O; for Charles W. Fay, 25x110 feet on the
east line of Iilake street. 350 feel north from
Point Lobos avenue, for $525; lot on the south
line of Bush street, S7:0 feet west "of Baker,
with improvements, for $3050; corner of Ninth
and Blackwcod streets, 50x100 feet, by. George
T. Wrijjht to C. E. Dickinsen for $5000; lot
25x114 feet on Twenty-third street. ' 130' feet
east of Castro, with improvements, for $3505.
Sol Getz &, Son have made the fol
lowing sales:
«.
RESIDENTS ARE K03IELESS
Flames Destroy Aa^sund, a
Norwegian City of More Than
" Eiuht Thousand Population
ENTIRE TOWN
LIES IN RUINS
SALES OF IMPORTANT HOLDINGS
OF REALTY BECOMING NUMEROUS
Capital Is Still Eagerly Seeking Investments and
Many Valuable Properties Are Changing Hands,
Though Those Wishing to Buy Far Exceed Sellers
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, TANUARY. 24, 1904.
29
GRAPE-NUTS.
The following sales are reported by
W. J. White:
For George S. Montgomery, lot' 17,' Los
A good ofd family physician with. a
lifetime experience in saving people
finally found himself sick unto death.
Medicines failed and— but let him tell
his own story. "For the first time in
my life of 61 years, I am impelled to
publicly testify to the value of a large-
ly advertised article, and I certainly
would not pen these lines except that
what seems to me a direct act of Provi-
dence saved my life, and- I am im-
pressed that it is a bbunden duty to
make it known.
"For three years I. kept- failing with
stomach and liver disorders, until I was
reduced 70 pounds from my normal
weight. When I got too low to treat
myself, three of my associate physi-
cians advised me to 'put my house in
order,' for I would be quickly going
the way of all mankind. Just about
that time I was put on a. diet of Grape-
Nuts predigested food. Curiously
enough, it quickly. began to build me
up, appetite returned, and in fifteen
days I. gained six pounds. That started
my return to health and really saved
my .life. .
"A physician is naturally prejudiced
against writing such a letter, but in
this case I. am willing to declare it
from the housetops that tho multiplied
thousands who are now suffering as I
did can find relief and health as easily
and promptly by Grape-Nuts, if they
only knew what to do. Sincerely and
fraternally yours." Name of this prom-
inent physician furnished by Postiim
Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
Look in each package for a. copy. of
the famous little book, "The Road to
Wellville."
and Eichteenth.- for the account of 'George
Miller, for 1 $4125. ¦'. . .-.• '¦¦¦"¦ ¦• '
COUNTRY .-. PROPERTIES. :
Found the Food That Saved His Life.
DOCTOR FED IHMSELF.
•¦¦¦I ir :-:*;itc- what disea-e or dleen^es vnu
vant 'tired. You will receive the free trest-
1 yr i-rturn null, rm-tac*" paid.
~<> hecure personal Attention address the
*^ ! 'f'f rr'vcir- ..ffw a « fellows:
SB. JA2IE3 W. KIDD.
410 BKltes Block. Port Wayne, Ind,
T>«-«i jind his faith In his remedies sra all clear-
li-' t-h.iTvn by this !ih«-ra1 off.-r. ICothins can
VomOAy rerr.ove nil doubtn »i« qulrkly «» actual
trial. VTV.fit this is rffered absolutely' free,
every «i(jit vrson Fhculd take fldvantaffo of it.
Ton f-arir-.ot afford to be skeptical when your
V'jHV !p at t!a!--e. In apnlyinp for a .frw
''¦^itmprt. rlvc tbc dectrr a dercription of your
A Tree Treatment.'
Pr. Ki<M offers to tmd to every applicant
s free tr**a* rn^Tii . Tr.er'* sre no restrictions
vhs'rver. X) n:attcr whst your dlfi-aw. no
jnfittrr <•' how lor.~ standing nr' how many
rfrrt"!ic* or dect'.-rs yen have tri<*4, thia trrat-
r.iT.t triJ! r-ure you Bnd* It costs |r>u inly a
r'f>«tf;~.'' h!:ira:. to Ond thi* out for yourself.
jf br doctir'j" t^nercuF nature, bis fsense of fuir*
Br. Sidd's Eoneit7 aad BeliablUtT.
Three KatJoraJ Banks in Fort Wayne vouch
for Pr. Kidds reliability.. Ministers, City
ard CetBtdy Official!:. . Proffa-rfooa! -and Hu?i-
rr».f Men sll unite in civlr.s: him the Heautlest
liUlvn 1 *" it|f nt. Port i* p;r»ud of hrr <!!«=;
t'nt-'lshri] doctor. One ao<l all *»»• that -4ji?
WllUM if <irp«-rvfd by bis ability. bon^Kty and
Jndurtry. To the doctor the pood will of his
fallow towanoca a?id tl;p rxprrtstons of sr«t-
itud» frr.T' n.e thotifanfls to whom h<*. ho»:
4;!v<>r> the bl«M4BC nt vijorcun mnnhood and
vorrnr.bo<<3 ar" rufflcient to pay for the years
spent la patient study nr«T experiment. To
raa3w known to #-very jjersori in the
T.orld the fsirt that there bas nt laFt V>een
diKOt¥TC4 a treatuicpt which will pcwitlvcly
nm nil .:i?f.<fs bstb&i made the foHowinjj
rcmarl-.ab!c offer: f
An important feature v.hich recommends this
wonderful trratmctit. richtly called 'The Elixir
r,f I^lfe." is the fact that it can he used at
hoir« by any on". The rrmedies arc simple
li ccroposition. barmlcFi to the most delicate
mrtt.4 m but a fcret kr.oTrn to r.n other living
doctor. .
A Sosie Treatment.
Every dis*ra*e to which human flefh I*
fc*ir is reiTewntc d In tbes^ letters, the so-
tall^d itiTreHc diseases bcins as numerous
Ji.~ the ]es.« s^iious cas«-s. A letter from Cliflt
I^Btlmcr nf I>oveland. Ohio, pives the details
«f his miraculous cure of Consumption as tol-
I'.nf: *"I had ConKumi'tion. was examined by
lour Droniinent doctor*, one of whom, a Fpe-
• lalisi. marte an examination <.f the Eputa. and
rronounoed my difeape pulmonary ("onsump-
tion. and told me that there wa» no hope. I
v.eiched 12<» pounJF. No* I am well and
Ftrorj;. Ever?' trace of the ,\. rn -.- has left.
»nd I weigh 170 pnundF. It has bern over a
wear .fir.ee I took I>r. Kidd's treatment, to I
fcn<->w the cure is peirnanent.'-' Abraham Trau-
p«-r of I*Tr.)bertville. X. J.. affli"ted with
lo^omotor ataxia. a disease pronounced ir.cur-
able by tb5 medical profes?ion. tells of his cure
stt^r yesrs of fu tiering: "When I commenced
trrEtme.nt with I»r. Kidd for loccractor ataxia
1 roold not walk across the floor. Since finish -
1nj? troatmpnt I have rut lost a day from my.
•rode af= foreman of <h» I^ambertville Rubber
<~r>." Thomas .1. Hairvrty of Drimfiold. Ind..
*rit»5 as follows: **Or. Kfdi cured my Fon
of a tveie care f>f Bricht'B disease after he
was r-tFti^fi: lares quantities of blood in th»-
urine." xhe irccrd at such miraculous cures
f211 a bock. Sufferers from consumption.
fJripht's disease, dmpfy, paralysis, heart.
<il«afe. lr>como*.or ataxia and other dangerous
<!!*rares hihe been rrttored to lifalih. Tlie
« . rr.mf.n fhroiic diseases, ruch as rheumatism.
UUtnef troub>. catarrh, female troubles, bron-
chitis. cp0eP*7 <fils ( . chronic coujchs. lumbago.
>!acder troubles, scrofula. Impure blood, skir.
disfase. Roitrc, rl'e'. l>cwel troubles, peneral
ArbOUT. nentWMaesa. kwt vitality, contagious
t!<v,(i roiron. etc.. arc cured in so short a tlm«
thst It scms almost a miracle.
All Diseases Cured.
SB. JAKES WILLIAM KIDD. " r
j^elth. TTie doctor was beFieped by thousands
of letters asking: for Information and aFSlst-
mnr*-. until at last he determined tp Kive hl»
**cret to the Fjrk and afflicted of the world.
Thousands have tak« n advantage of his lib-
eral offpr. and his mail is now flooded with
letter* of heartfelt irratitude from cured pa-
tients.
It ha* only l>ffen a short time Fine* there ap-
pearej! in the columns of nearly all the prom-
Iner.t ne»>par»ers of tho world an announce-
mf-r.i of the- wenderful discoveries made by Dr.
Jair.es W. Kidd. Fhysician*. srirntiEts an(J
profejutonai men marveled at the wonderful
cure* which he performed with ease. Invalids
•»ho fcad suffered for years without hope were.
fX t-eerned, almost miraculauFly restored to
Wonderful
Discovery
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Remarkab'c Remedies That
Cure All Diseases
Ttie Famous Doctor Discoverer and Scien-
tist James W. Kids! Now Offers to
I very Af.licted Person a Free
Treatment
1 l PRAGERS J PRAGERS | PRAGERS --'-•-- —
Advance Sale of Trunks. I to^rf^, Stationery Bargains.
JjM.85 — Women's trunk^: full cov- HW ' o ¦*"" '^ c a ox — Ioco boxes of hich
ercd hat tray, hardwood slats, bump- JM LJjiJ *. . J grade stationery. Sold regularly at
minprsi knee caps 011 all sides, covered /1§P^^ >^>^ NOTIONS — •""»<?*' — The Alwavs
hat tray and Eagle lock. VraT rfHH. W C Ready dress shields; thorouchhr sani-
$4.J>i» — Steamer trunks with tray; bS-"'' ™"—^ tary; can be laundered and ne'ed no
hardwood slats. ' Wf ALWAYS RELIABLE '" sewing; all siiies.
BASKETS. SUIT CASES— 3.1c Ma T.'.o a pair— The "Alwavs Readv"
up— Telescope baskets. 123ft "* 1 2SO TVT A "DT^'1R"T' AT ventilated shield-: all sizes.
!f2.OO— Suit cases, 24 inches, in all A%UU A^UVITiiUClUL 1 -O l.jp>ies Oc each— Whist brooms. Rceular
colors, with strap handles. Special. * • . "— ¦ ' 15c- value. ¦
New Shoe Ideas. The Season's Most Sensational Sale Of Press Goods Values.
THE- s'aleY of advance ¦ . ~ _ ~" " ¦ '¦ '1^ HIS is the month when
styles of shoes which be- LflCC Cl|rt<imS VaiUSS NeVerGrCdter 1 dress S°ods are bought
gait a week ago will be ~j : — : nearly exclusively " for
continued all this week. There I SALE PRICES I "i WOR.TH gowns. We have some new
are hundreds of new ideas j S3 50 mateiials in stock that have
here, some of which are in ' O7 to been eagerly taken • by Ih'ose
, shoes never carried in this city H* * *^ * <J^On 0$9 have visited this depart-
before. .. I I * !>:) - uu v 1 ment during the last week.
. ??T S a 5-Good' school shoes: HT O : MORRO f W 1 " ornin^ we wiH on sale greatest as- w^iS^^SJ^u^
satin calf, lace, heaw extension £ sortment of moderate price curtains ever seen in any simi-^ coats. Good value at 6-c.
sole, solid sole leather counters Iar event.' Thousands of the swellest, "ne'west designs manu-' " lOc a yard— 44-inch erranite
™ d Jjl so l c . s '' si " s "* '• factured this season have been bought ¦ for this bargain sale, tuning; sheer and dressv. Re 2 uiar ;
#1.oO— Sizes 2% to 6. "• t- • • 1 'i.u 11 ;. iv j • r j j • *u 75c material.
MEN'S Every pair is stamped with excellent quality, and included in the C0L0RED—50e a vard—^S-
. .., .^2.25— Patent coltskin Ox- lot are effects of Irish Point, Motifany, -Point de Luxe, Du Barry, inch Xub mohair in melance
fords; matt- kid tops, extension French Point Lace and a few exact copies of real hand-made Bat- grounds; all.. colors; the latest ma-
Goodyear welt soles. These are +- n K~ r a- • '. t * ria ' and very dressv.
excellent bargains. «»,^^-, »»,.,««, t ».t^,« «^ ••'¦. "..V* 1 V- ' : " ...... <><>« a yard — .18-inch cranite eta-
CHILDREN'S • WOOL WAISTINGS—^oc a vard— Wool armure - waistings with mine, an all wool sprinc fabric in
«1. 00— Also Misses' dress P rett y woven satin stripes in beautiful shades of green, brown, tan, crav. all staple colors
shoes; vici kid, lace, patent tips. helio * r °P e l i T e i c i, T 4j^" I T ar , 60c value ' ' v ELV£TEENS .
spring heels and medium soles- TENNIS FLANNELS — «« a vard— Heavy woven tennis flannel in
sizes % to 8 Jj^l.25 Sizes 8% pretty stripes and checks of pink, blue, gray, etc. Just the thins: for nijiht «"Sc a yard — Colored velveteens:
ton * 91.S5O— Sizes H5^ to 2 dresses, ijajamas, skirts, etc. navy, myrtle, brown, tan. beiee.
WOMEN'S 1 cardinal and gray. Sells recularlv
S5^®iiS Women's Newest Winter Suits, M^fe^r' 3 ' for
heavy extension welt soles. !??»«•**•» A ~a ST#%a«I~
: , - *% .- ¦ *%¦ •_^- fancy Art* oooas.
Men's Furnishinss. CoatS and SkirtS. two or three lin»
SOM E. exceedingly strong rj-^HERE are still some rare opportunities to buy the very \J <?* Battenberg scarfs
lines of mSn's furnishings i newest winter garments at the very lowest prices. We meet nave arrived from the
have been selected for A customers every day who express surprise at the enormous -East up to this time, but they
this week's business. They in- reductions made on these seasonable goods. We have continued are so pretty and of such re-
clude the best in the depart- this sale to clean out the entire department and prepare it for the rnarkable value that we will
ment and are all the latest and arrival of spring goods. In the meantime there is every chance n °t delay presenting them,
newest styles. to gain a new seasonable garment at less than one-half the regular ¦ • s 1 - ac each— Tinted Batten-
NECKWEAR-33e_\Ve have r,rice S sc l uare5 » >7J< by i7Vi inches.
af^c^siirneckive^ wide" "nd SUIT S _*».On Made of . fancy mixture, and cheviots; lone, medium Tinted Battenber e
narrow four-in-hands. Imperials or **£[* ™*%™ ] . k ™ or train sk.rts. Worth $20.00. scarfs , 2I by # inches . Come in
ind Tccks and marked them at the *!<».«.>— Handsome suits in a big assortment of colors of zibehne. assorted colors,
rcrrarkablv low price The line mannish mixtures, heather bell suitincs, serges, cheviots, etc.; lqn ff or short 2IIc each— Shams and scarfs:
consists of the swellest styles in coats; a11 styles of skirts: different lengths; some are prettily trimmed, oth- som e with lace insertion effects,
the citv swenesc "V^s e rs man tailored Regular S.^o^oo values ' others with sta mped designs ready
UNDERWEAR— 62i/<c a ear- COATS— *».4o, q»4.O.>. *.».4S and ?«.4.»— 100 coats for women to work. They are of sheer lawn.
m.nt \rpn'<! ram.i'c hVir nr nat wearing sizes 40. 42 and 44. The real value of these coats is 'from $7.«;o ;
ment — Men s camels nair or nat- . * ui/-* -—««%»#» P-,.-.. /^ — -.j«
ural wool underwear: extra soft t0 *]$- A ~ ,« 1()r „ , . 4 r , -,, . .,. , . Women S Fdncy GOOQS.
cL;.u. Uo^-v T^Jo-tif nnH mmr 1? « .4i> and — Handsome and stylish silk and silk velour coats: > —
anteed nonshrinkable: dSuble assorted styles; sizes limited. Thev are reduced from $17.50 and $27. «?o to 'Tp'HIS department has
stitched seams; drawers have re- *^S- _„,_,„„ ffloo-' tti l n • 1 • j r r - 1 been given little atten-
i,,,o,ccd seat and covered S ea m s: Sk " lS ™*° °< <™* mi: """ S: * * tion £ O«r ads for some
an sizes. — _ — time, there has been so
New Co-Carts. A Price Stimulant. Given in much ? o L n?: on li other sec "
TTT , T>T , — — , « » A^^ JiUmuailb VyaVCll 111 t ions of the store, but to make
HP ? ER \ W u S a g S -° n %MF i , T . . -, . up for this to-morrow will wit-
I these baby go-carts m- )Y0mei\S UnderWeaF ai\d HOSiery. ness some ¦ exceedingly excel.
troduced in this store _ : i__ lent specials.
only last week, showing con- |^ y EW life has been instilled into this department and some RIBBONS— 5c a vard-Pure
clusively that it was some- |\| rare bargains arranged for the near future. Every -line in silk taffeta ribbon inches wide;
iSliii^i^i X stock has been looked over and the following strong sug - S^^SSS§Si S&&
¦perforated back that folds: wili gestions are made for your thought this week. Everything is a the ribbon to bow. Regular ioc
standalone; fitted with resilient good value. . I 1 *:^. .,„ . „
spring. . * SKIRTS— 48c— Women's eood quality cambric, skirts; very full: lawn VEILING — ~*c a vard— Fancy
jjsr.'.no— Redininjr foldine patent flounce, hemstitched and tucked. Worth 65c regularly. J" M J es; «! tIier d< ? t , te( or lain: * U
adjustments; moves easily; reed CORSET COVERS— 21e_Womcn's French corset covers, made of bI ? ck : white or_ black and white
back and extension seat. good quality nainsook; neck and body trimmed with narrow Torchon lace mix e d ; worth .i-,c a yard. Special.
-^— «—^— — — i^— and insertion. A nood value at 3SC 1^"™*^
FLANNEL SKIRTS— ISc— Women's best quality twilled flannelette gji^
A Mj /^>MV j<\^ <W^V skirts; knee length: have silk embroidered flounce. Regular 75c value. J3 HI 4*+'^><k AA r^.^iP
TflHi K^?¥iri B^i % INFANTS* KIMONAS— «."5cr— Full IeiiRth kimonas made of twill TlfJJ 11 /nIbIPS
/ f <vfojS 8>. IL^\^yk^ &¦ mqP 1 flannel; colors blue, pink and white, trimmed with bands of contrasting >ct^M g. /**]*¦
\ ALXVMTS RELIABLE I % , I 1| ALWAYS RELIABLE
M* 1238-1250 maskets^^v I Creen Trading Stamps Given With AH Purchases. | *¦ 1238-1250 marivET st.^'cs
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EASTERN OUTOTHNGCa
132O -132.8 STOCKTON ST.
wiLlmettivetlieir'jririends-on.
FRIDAY; JANUARY 29™
/TJpv 7 tolOP.M. (|Tls\
\K(f\ One year has passed since we moved V fl
vS w\ * nto our P rescnt quarters. At that time
"A"_A we received our friends — an occasion you
Y/}::. no doubt remember. . K'?^|
fi\'& Wishing to shov/ our appreciation for |.;*£Sv
'•&$ the splendid patronage we have had during ftvYj
£•-:*•:*.' the past year,we will on next Friday during \&y0;
?!}:£• the hours mentioned keep open house. All &?(:&
'$$& our friends and patrons and the general gg£S
|i?^': public as well are invited to be present. A ffify
l : i?£#l musical programme will be given both ,:#.*.*<•
WlS. afternoon and evening. V?V|
IEfSOOWorthef Goodv^r
jjnvill be given aww|
\n *\ . On this occasion $500 worth of furniture and Afi AO
jal household goods will be given away without any lF\ / 1
jL?Af I qualification or reserve. You cannot afford not |V^™Ai
j\ J lo come ' V f\ 1Horses, giraffes and ostriches have
the largest eyes of land animals; cut
tlefish of sea creatures.
Among the Eastern nations the be
ginning of school life is a critical time
for the child. The priest or astrologer
must be consulted to choose a lucky
day. Every precaution must be taken
to avert the jealousy of the gods,
whose malice is especially directed
against a fine boy.
The Chinese father who adores his
son will take the utmost pains to con
vince the powers of the air that the
boy is of no account. The child may
be given a despicable name, like flea,
or Chu-tze,»a pig, or, more insulting
still, he may be given a girl's name.
The boy may be started off to school
How Chinese, Japanese and Hindoo
Ypnths Prepare for School
Life.
Stanford Freshmen Victorious.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 23.
The Stanford freshman baseball nine
defeated the Palo Alto High School
team by the score of 14 to 12 in a slow
pame of ball on the varsity diamond
this morning. More than twenty
freshmen appeared on the field and
aJl were given a rhance by Captain
Swain of the '07 team.
Three men, Chalmers. McLain and
Pressley, were tried in the box for the
college youngsters, the first two prov
ing the most effective. Stott and
THE POWERS FOR EVIL
MUST BE DISARMED
wearing a girl's dress and one earring,
and if the deception is complete this
will be the most effectual of all, for
even the gods do not care for girls in
China.
j The Japanese schoolboy wears hang
insr from his belt a little red bag con
taining a brass tag, with his name and
his parents' name and address upon it.
He must have his paper umbrella and
his fan, and in a gray bag upon his arm
is a jar of rice for his luncheon. This
quaint little fellow has probably mails
his offering at his own private shrins
to Tenjlnscn. the god of penmanship.
Vv'hen the Hindoo boy has found an
auspicious day to begin school he ta
taken to the god of learning, Sarasvati.
Here the little supplicant presents' hi*
offerings of rice and betelnuts and re
peats the letter of the alphabet after
the priest. Thus he is entered into the
ways of knowledge in the very presence
of the god. — Everybody'3 Magazine.
E. R. Thomas, the young Kentuck
ian, sprung into racing fame through
his purchase of Hermis, the 1902
champion, by perhaps the quickest
horse trade in existence. His fortune
is ample, the inheritance of General
Thomas, the soldier, financier and
railroad man; he is not in the turf
for pelf alone. He loves the sport,
and he married a woman who shares
his passion for fine horses. Mrs.
Thomas Is a Kentucky girl, the
daughter of Colonel William Lee of
Louisville. She follows her- husband's
racing exploits with keen intereat,- and
though considerable of a judge j of
horses, disclaims any- credit for the
purchases made by her husband. —
Outing.
A Young Millionaire Turfman.
You cannot drive a 10-penny precept
with a tackhammer practice.
Poisonous English Beer.
The Royal Commission appointed to
investigate the arsenical poisoning in
the English midlands during 1900, re
ports that they have found 6000 cases,
all caused by drinking the « polluted
beer. Several deaths from this cause
are known to have occurred, but it is
believed that a large number of deaths
attributed to other causes should have
come under this category. There is no
doubt that -a large part of the beer
brewed in England before 1900 contain
ed much arsenic, from the malt and
from the brewing-sugars. — London Ex
change.
The number of anta in a nest varies
from 12,293 to 93,694. These figures are
from a recent count of five nests.
Crisp snoTT, lc« like glass, and safe, every
day throushout the winter at Reno. Nevada.
Week-end excursions while it lasts, going: Fri
day or. Saturday and returning Monday or
Tuesday; round trip. Including one day's enter
tainment at either Riverside or Overland Ho
tel, only $11 15. An opportunity to enjoy the
winter sports of the East, but set In Califor
nia's grand Sierra scenery. Full Information
from Southern Pacific ticket agents. •
Let's Go Skating.
French physicians report an increas
ing number of cases of acute nervous
ness which are due directly to autom~
biling. and they predict that with an
increase of the sport will come an in
crease in the number of the cases. The
sickness is called the neurosis of nnx
jety, and may be traced to the excite
ment and.mental tension^of rapid trav
eling w ith' the ¦ emotional repression
necessary to secure a reasonable feeling
of enjoyment; while speeding rapidly,
v-ith risks and dangers constantly at
hand. — N. Y. Commercial Advertiser.
Automobile Sickness.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— Jules B. Niel
son, son of Frederick Nielson and
brother of Mrs. Reginald Vanderbllt,
whose marriage . to JVIiss Marguerite
Wall on January 9 was announced only
to-day, spent the day in an endeavor
to gain access to his bride, whose fath
er, Frank T. Wall, a wealthy rope man
ufacturer, alleged, was keeping
her from her husband against her will.
A resort to. legal proceedings was
threatened by the groom.
Nielson and his bride left the resi
dence of the latter's father together
this evening. Nielson said:
"It's all right now; we have become
reconciled."
, He refused .to say whither they were
going, but it is understood that the cou
ple Intended to go to Philadelphia. No
particulars of the reconciliation could
be obtained from the Wall family.
The engagement of Nielson and Miss
Wall was announced last October, but
the Wall family objected so vigorously,
it is said, because Nielson was a Ro
man Catholic and Miss Wall a Protest
ant, that they were married secretly on
January 6, Mrs. Nielson continuing to
reside at her father's house. • -'
Jules Nielson is well known in New
York society. His elder sister was the
wife of Arthur Kemp, but procured a
divorce from him in Rhode Island last
November, marrying the same day
Hollls Hunnewell of Boston.
The Wall family lives at 1009 Madison
avenue. and has a large country place
at Lenox, Mass. . .
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. . 23.— Jules B.
Nielson and . his bride arrived at the
Pennsylvania Railroad station here to
night. They were disinclined to talk,
but Nielson said that he and his wife's
family had reached a satisfactory
agreement. Nielson would not sa'y how
long he intended to remain in this city.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 v G STREET,
X. W., WASHIXGTOX, Jan. 23.— Chief
Justice Fuller and Justice Harlan- of
the Supreme Court this forenoon car
ried to President Roosevelt their dis
pleasure at the precedence given the
diplomatic corps at the judiciary recep
tion on Thursday night. Their com
plaint that they were obliged to wait
at the door of the blue room, where
stood Major Charles McCawley,* United
States Marine Corps, while diplomats
big and little filed through to receive
the President's greeting fell upon sym
pathetic ears.
The President regretted the incident.
He did not declare, it is understood,
that the judiciary should have prece
dence over the diplomatic corps, but
he did consider that at Judiciary recep
tions members of the Supreme Court
and othrr tribunals should be received
before any one' else. The way" to ar
range the matter would be for mem
bers of the diplomatic corps to be in
vited behind the receiving line, in the
blue room. Then the reception would
open with a welcome to the members
of the Supreme Court, followed by the
members of the Court of Claims, the
Court of Appeals and the Supreme
Court of the District of Columbia.
As a reason why the diplomats
should be received first on all occa
sions it is rited that at all foreign cap
itals the diplomatic corps has prece
dence over all officials of the country
to which its members are accredited,
except the sovereign and the royal
family.
Although the dignity of the honorable
court has been satisfied, the question
cf precedence at White House recep
tions and the State Department's re
quest that the diplomatic corps appear
at these functions in their court dress,
continue to excite the risibilities of the
public.
Dailj' were given a chance behind the
bat and honors were about even be
tween them.
The two teams -were made up as
follows:
Freshmen — Stott. Dally, Chalmers, McLaln,
Presslcy, Clark. McFarland, Swain. Wagner,
Crlttt-nden. Kelley, Crupp. Wagner. Ithyns,
gtapntr, Brooke, Burtes, Shayner, Young, Ed
wards. Nisscn, Davis, Stevens, Morrow and
Manpfteld.
f'alj Alto Hitrh — G. Tomasini, Pomeroy,
tVcstal!. Lane. Moulton. C. Swalrv. Vander
voort, Sloan. Newlaad, Clark, Thonnae, JJrew
and Leach.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— The marriage
of Miss Emma Wallace Rutherford,
daughter of Mrs. George Crocker, to
Philip Kearney, son of t General John
Watts Kearney of Washington, was
solemnized to-day in St. Thomas Pro
testant Episcopal Church, Fifth avenue
and Fifty-third street. There were* sev
eral hundred guests present to witness
the ceremony, which was occompanied
by choral services by a vested choir.
The chancel was profusely- decorated
with white lilies, white roses'and palm's,
and vases of lilies and roses orna
mented the marble altar.
Miss Rutherford was escorted to the
altar and given away by her stepfather.
She was attired in a rich gown of ivory
white satin, the skirt and bodice em
bellished with beautiful point de venice
lace. The veil of tuile was fastened with
a wreath -of -orange blossoms and two
superb diamond pins, gifts from the
bridegroom. She also wore a collar of
pearls, a present from her mother, and
carried a bouquet of white orchids.
Miss Alice H. Rutherford, the bride's
sister, was maid of honor. Thomas
Kearney was best man.
A reception was held at the residence
of Mr. and Mrs: Crocker, 1 East Sixty
fourth street. *
Mr. and Mrs. Kearney will sail for
Europe on the Cedric on Wednesday.
They will spend their honeymoon on
the Riviera and will return to New
York in about two months.
Among the bridal gifts were a set of
silver plates from the bride's sister, a
silver table service from the bride's
brother and $500,000 in bonds from Mr.
Crocker.
WASHINGTON, Jan.| 23.— The House
devoted the entire day to consideration
of the army appropriation bill in com
mittee of the whole.' Robinson (D.) of
Indiana took occasion to criticize the
War Department for the expenditures
made by the bureau of ordnance and
fortifications in connection with, the
Langley airship. Only twelve of the
forty-one pages of »the bill had been
read for amendment when the House
adjourned. The provision in the bill for
the construction .of a submarine cable
from Sitka to Fort Liscum, Alaska,
went out on a point of order.
A spirited discussion was precipitated
by Hemenway, chairman of the Appro
priations Committee, who proposed a
limitation on the purchase of books and
periodicals for the army. The amend
ment providing for the purchase of
technical and professional works only
finally prevailed. #
Robinson of Indiana in criticizing the
expenditure of money by the "War De
partment in the Langley airship experi
ments said:
"I -will charge directly to the officers
of the Government, to Its officials and
to its departments a system of twisting
the construction of our appropriations,
a system of enlargement running wild,
and in that charge I see that the War
Department— yes, and the head of the
"War Department— has permitted an ex
penditure for scientific purposes of over
$200,000 in a vain attempt to breathe
life into an airship project, which col
lapsed and which was known, it seems
to me, by every sensible man to have
no utility about It; and Oiis he did with*.
out the sanction of Congress by a mis
construction of S.n act."
Regrets the Incident, but In
sists That Embassadors Ke
ceive First • Consideration
Reconciliation Is Finally Ef
fected and the Young Couple
Depart From New York
Gifts to the Bride Include
a Half-Million Dollars in
Bonds From Her Stepfather
Robinson Declares That the
Chief of War Department
Acted Without Authority
KEEPS HER-FItOM HUSBAND
BRILLIANT CHURCH RITES
CRITICISM OF MR. ROOT
MR. ROOSEVELT . IS SORRY
Millionaire Frank Wall, Father
jot- the Bride, Is Angry Over
His Daughters Disobedience
Formally Express Their Dis
pleasure at Precedence Given
Members of Diplomatic Corps
Emma Wallace - Kutherf ord
Becomes- the Wife of Phil
lip Kearney in New York
House Member i Denounces
¦Expenditure of $200,000
on the Langloy Aerodrome
JULES NIELSON
WEDS SECRETLY
HEIRESS WEDS
WARRIOR'S SON
AIRSHIP FIASCO
PROVES COSTLY
IRATE JURISTS
SEE PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY '24,^1904.
30
NOLAN BROS.
nuri \\J DITII niMH 812-814 MARKET STREET
PntiLAlN tSUlLUIlNvJ 9-11 cfarrell street
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES
Must be closed out also, and customers are getting
one-half more for their money than any other store
can offer.
And the entire stock of $300,000 worth of shoes
must be closed out regardless of cost.
The odds and ends are for sale, of course, almost
given away, but every regular line in our entire
stock, containing
ALL SIZES AND ALL WIDTHS
The astonishing low prices at which we are selling
high-grade shoes has had the desired effect. The
thousands who have purchased are telling their friends
of the wonderful bargains, and the sale is becoming
more, and more popular every day.
P. F. NOLAN
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
PRESIDENT OF NOLAN BROS. SHOE CO. IS
SUCCESS
YOU WILL: BE ALL
SMILES AGAIN.
Forget Your Stomach and You'll Have
a Santa Claas Face,
HOW* TO DO IT.
If there is one thins more than all
others that will give a man a forlorn
• and friendless appearance and make
him jnorBid and "cranky" and dis-
agreeable, that thing is dyspepsia. It
makes one forgret his friends and be-
come morose and irritable. He Is so
wrapped tip in his own misery that he
is inconsiderate of every one else. Re-
3Jpved of this terrible and depressing
ailment, he again becomes a good fel-
low and a man among men. *"«-,¦
" »?iuart's Dyspepsia Tablota are be-
yond question the most effective and
.popular remedy ever offered to the
sufferers of this terrible disease. The
thousands and thousands of cures they
have brought about and the enormous
increase 'of their-sales fully attest the
truth' of this statement.
• They are, above all, a natural rem-
«dy. They possess exactly the same
properties thnt the gastric Juices and
other digestive fluids of the stomach
possess and they actually do the diges-
tive work of the stomach and enable
that organ to rest and recuperate and
become sound and well. They act In
a. mild, natural manner and cause no
disturbance in the digestive organs.
They prevent any fermentation of the
food, which causes sour stomach. In
fact, under their influence the sub-
ject forgets that he h?.s a stomach
¦and hi<? resulting cheerfulness presents
a. great contrast to his former dejec-
tion.
Millions of boxes of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets are sold annually and
they are but In the dawn cf their
popularity. Every mail brings letters
of thanksgiving from grateful ones
who have been cured of this terrible
disease. The following is one of hun-
dreds received each week:
Rev. J. R. Hoag of Wyraore, Nebr..
writes: "For six years I have been
troubled with dyspepsia. Last fall I
became very much alarmed at some
pymptoms of heart trouble and came
lo believe there was a sympathetic re-
lation between the two diseases, or
rather, that the stomach trouble was
the cause of the heart disturbances. I
hit upon Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
for a remedy and invested a dollar and
a half for three boxes, which lasted
me three months, and I can eat any
kind of food I want and have. a good,
vigorous appetite. Although I am 77
years old. I now feel perfectly well
and without being requested by any
one I make this statement as a com-
.pliment to the virtues of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets."
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
eale by all druggists at 50 cents a box.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
.-...", ADVEBTISEMENTS. .. . . f&Vr
¦m . . . «f MM rVfVk^sSSS&S^. ' jM • ' - * ' • ' T* ••**¦>»#%•% I & 1 %J*t O %
upon the hair £3 SHBvgr Bil^Bila world has CTer produced j|j* AMw§
|^^lv?M W^lfWmt ToBttaoalal N«. 83 TectitaoAltl No. 9& ToetlmonUl No. 97 T«»ttm»n!al No. 136 TeaMmoalal No. 1« Testimonial No. 237 iv^iS® '*¥ W?£ I
.. Miss Dorothy Clark Miss Marmara Henry - MUi Annlo Sheahan Mis* Nellie Thomas , Miss Lucile Davis Miss Sella Wells Miss Lillian Lake Miss Lucy May
2130 Gremhaw fit.. 408 £.. Superior St.. WIEK CITY, . 4012 Ellis Ay... 980 t. 55th St.. »37 3. Humphrey At.., 320 Well* St.. • * 892 E. 43rd St..
CHICAGO CHICAGO \' : \j : KANSAS; CHICAGO /*; -CHICAGO' CHICAGO CHICAGO CHICAGO
NEVER IN THE HISTORY OF HAIR TONICS HAS SUCH A HIGH STATE OF PERFECTION BEEN ATTAINED. RESULTS FROM ITS USE ARE QUICK AND 'PERMANENT.
OF'^SAtN F RANGISCO * j - *"8 a : -'¦* & fig invigorating and strengthening that it makes the hair growtxn*
buy $9,504.00 WOrth Of Danderine, • | '""^£^^^^^^^^53~% / --^ v - ¦ C^~ ((fi^^WMf^^^^^^^ '"^^^^^^^^^^Si P roduce vc S et^ioa when the seeds are sown. It is Working
This is the largest drug purchase ever -made P&^SsK§5Sfc^^ rtTrt^^^^^^BBwJBfe..-- "^^-^1 hair tonic ever made. Be sure you jret the eecuine, madeonlr by
ors the Pacific Coast arid it is substantial prccf |v'.< ' P^jitj^!^'^^ — ¥~^«L i B Knotolton Danderine Co., Chicago,' 111.
of the far reaching virtues of. this greafhair I'^^.c'^^^ay^^^o § »ffi *^»*ellr?^^ Three «ff Sf\ dJ 1 /HA P«r
gro-ing remedy. Redington & Co. guar- Iffijg^gj^^ Sl "* S"C and tpi.UU Bottla
D \J N M. 1*1 JL O O X 1 • VE8£go£ B gjjg TJHBBB^^R^^^^MftBB^MiiiujMSM m^m^utS^^^^^^a^^^^^^^^m^^m^SL^^^L^ ~~~jjmiiiftfB^tMiBi'i^Saiur fc knowlton danderine company. Chicago, withAt Joe Polieim, the Tailor's.
During month. of January we ; pffer suit
ings, only one pattern of each, at a great
reduction in price. They, are v the., best
values ever offered. Call and examine
them. 201 and 203 Montgomery street;
1110 and 1112 Market street. . •,
Deputy Surveyor of the Port Chaun
c.ey M. St. John received the distin
guished travelers at the Pacific Mail
•wharf and extended to them the
courtesy of landing their impedimenta
without submitting any of it to search.
This was done at the request of . the
State I>epartment.
About all the Grand Vizier saw of
San Francisco was what he observed
from the upper deck of the Korea as
the vessel passed down the harbor and
later in the day during a ride out. to
Golden Ceate Park on a street car. The
evening he spent Jonriging around the
court of .the. Palace,, the comforts , of
which were apparently to his. liking.
To-day he and his suite take thfjir de
parture for the East' under the'pilbt-i
age of Jules Clerfayt.'., ¦':, ¦¦-. / ; $
OGDEN, Utah. Jan. "23. — In a rear
end collision at Promontory Point on
the Lucin cutoff this morning three
Greek laborers were 'killed and six
injured. The men were riding on a
car plow at the rear of a gravel train,
followed by a water train. The en
gine of the water* train struck the
gravel train pnd overturned the plow!
killing the men instantly. .
Three Killed in a Collision.
Martin Ulrichs. H. D. Ulrichs and
Rebecca Ulrichs. principal stockhold
ers in the Columbia Erewing Com
pany, filed a suit yesterday for an in
junction restraining August Meyer
from selling 3000 shares of stock in
the concern, alleged by the plalntifT3
to nave been surreptitiously taken pos
session of by Meyer. They claim ho
has already sold ten shares of the
stock to Otto turn Suden and Henry
Tietjen. Hence the suit.
Protest Against Sale of Stock.
>' : Savings deposits in Chicago, banks
have passed the 5100,000,000 mark. la
the past year they have increased more
than $22,000,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. Jan. 23. —
Much interest is again manifested in
the case of James L." Blair, whose sud
den death at Eustis, Fla.. last Satur
day caused such a commotion in St.
Louis. The sensation has been inten
sified by rumors here that Blair came
to his death by suicide. This talk is
not open, though, and only rumors are
in circulation. The physicians will
not say a word . and the townspeople
are hunting up. all the stray bits of
gossip they can 'gather.
A negro at a hotel says that Blair
Computed upon the basis of depos
its less those of $36,666,300 public
funds, the surplus is $.35,298,250. The
statement showed a good balance, the
sum of the increase in loans and of
cash only $216,800 less than the .in
crease in deposits. The remarkably
largo gain in loans may be attributed
to the efforts which banks made dur
ing last week to press for employment
their accumulations of balances, and
there -were doubtless large loans on
sterling collateral, representing invest
ment operations in exchange and also
considerable amounts loaned to syn
dicateR."''. The £rain in cash was almost*
wholly due to the return movement of
money from the interior and to the op
erations of the sub-treasury, which to^
gether contributed $11,423,000 to the
increase of $14, 149,600 cash. : Y- . .
"/Comparisons of changes In loans
showj that .seven- of the large banks
gained J27.100. 000 and three banks
contributed' 521.400.000 of /this
amount; these seven ''in
creased the cash item by. $i2,SOO,000.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23. — The Finan
cier says: The striking features of the
official statement of the New York As
sociated Banks last week were higher
records for loans and deposits and
holders of specie in excess of maxi
mum last year, while legal tenders
were within $712,900 of the highest
in 1903 and surplus reserve only $1,
908.100 below the maximum of- that
year. Compared with the return of
December 26 cash showed a gain of
$43,594,200, deposits $120,384,600 and
loans $86,324,700.
The increases on. loans of $30,669,
300 and In deposits of $45,034,700 last
week were ereater than in. any week
on record; the highest previous gain
i.i deposits was $36,467,000. January
19, 1901. The gain in cash was. $14, -
149,600, an amount closely 1 corre
sponding with the estimated increase,
which was based upon the- traceable
movements of money during. the week;
this estimate was $13,316,800. The
deposits were increased $45,034,700
and the reauired reserve was thereby
"raised $11.25S.675r deducting this
Bum from the gain from the cash left
52,S00,925 as the Increase in surplus
reserve to $20,072,675. or only $1,308,
.100 below the maximum of $27,080,
775 which was recorded January 31,
190.1.
The police have been told that Miss
Schaefer had jokingly said to a friend
that her sweetheart was in town and
that she had "fired him, but he would
not stand. for the fire."
BEDFORD, Indj, Jan. 23. — Search
for the murderer of Miss Sarah Schae
fer has as yet brought' no definite re
sults. A few red hairs, found clutched
in the hands of the dead girl and be
lieved to have been torn from the
mustache of her murderer, and a
bloody brick found near the body,
which was used to kill the girl, form
the only clews.
Three courts of inquiry are being
held by Coroner Plummer, Justice
Fletcher and Mayor Smith. All the
suspicious characters of Bedford have
been apprehended and examined as to
their whereabouts on the night of the
murder. Xo motive has been found
for the crime. Miss Schaefer was not
robbed. She was brutally beaten, but
not otherwise mistreated. The ac
cepted theory of the police Is that the
murderer was known to his victim and
approached her without creating any
suspicion in fier mind, and that he sud
denly dealt a blow that rendered her
unconscious .before she could call for
help. The police are working on some
slight clews," which they say point to
the thedry that the motive was re
venge. '•; . •
The Berlin directory, the 1904 Edition
of which is just out, has completed its
two hundredth year.
Residents of Florida Town
Hint That the Alleged Em
bezzler Committed Suicide
Increase of $30,000,000- for
the We'ek Is the Greatest
. Sum That Has Bqcn Reached
Police "Working, on the Theory
.That Revenge^ Was.' Motive
for Murder of Young Woman
Europe has four and a half miles of
railway 'for every 10,000 people;' the
United States has 25 miles. • •
BLAIR'S DEATH
STARTS GOSSIP
GIRL'S SLAYER
NOT YET FOUND
LOANS REACH
RECORD MARK
got up and shaved himself on the
morning of the day of his death.
Several insurance agents, represent
ing some of the big companies that
hold policies on his life, "are here in
vestigating. One of the friends of the
Blair family is at Eustis and is alleged
to be endeavoring to suppress the ru
mors. White nothing definite has de
veloped much sensational gossip has
been caused by Blair's habits while at
Eustis.
The case of Joseph Feld, ex-police
man.' charged with' the murder of his
father-in-law, Fritz Dirking, was called
in Judge Dunne's court yesterday to be
set for trial. By consent' the Case was
continued for another week.
Fold Cnse Postponed.
Ali Asgar and his son speak French
and German and both are most en
thusiastic when talking of Persia as
they hope to see it. Quoli Khan, the
Minister of Education, speaks English
with fluency and will serve as inter
preter for the party in this country.
7 :e Grand Vizier is looking forward
with pleasure to his visit to Washing
ton, where he expects to meet Sir
Henry Mortimer Durand. the British
Minister, who for flve years was sta
tioned at Teheran and for whom All
Asjrar cherishes a warm regard.
, Accompanied by Mirza Ahmed
Khan, one of his sons; Mehdi Quoli
Khan, the Vice Minister of Education,
and four servants, Ali "Asgar left
Teheran and traveled leisurely through
India, China and Japan. Th/»y are
here and leave to-day. They sail from
Xew York February 1 and expect to
reach Mecca February 23. .
Shortly before leaving Persia the
Grand Vizier gained the enmity of the
corrupt politicians by uncovering . a
system of graft in the custom house.
For every $4 of actual revenue only
SI was reaching the treasury. The
grafters were harvesting the surplus.
The Grand Vizier performed the Folk
act with the difference that State Su
preme courts never interfere with the
measuring out of Persian punishments,
and the career of the Shah's faithless
stewards ended with, their conviction.
Before leaving Persia Ali Asgar pro
posed a number of radical reforms.
There was great opposition and sev
eral attempts were made. to poison the
Grand Vizier. Vigilance 4 saved him,
.but to a good Mohammedan there is
nothing like a pilgrimage to Mecca for
insuring long life. A visit to the sa
cred city, it is said, insures the pilgrim
immunity from poison for two years.
The Grand Vizier • secured a .seven
months' leave of absence and Septem
ber 22 set forth on his pilgrimage. Be
fore leaving he asked that his pro
posed reforms receive careful consid
eration during his absence and a cable
gram received at Tientsin, he said yes
terday, gave him hope that his, sug
gestions v.ould be adopted upon his re
turn to Teheran.
is ereat in Persia, and as the Pre
mier's schemes must be worked out
in spite of their united opposition his
battle has been a hard one and there
is plenty of lighting still ahead. Be
ginning- the g-ood work at home, the
Grand Vizier is having his sons edu
cated in France. Austria and Ger
many. This has made enemies for
him among such of the nobility as
thinks Persia holds all a Persian
ought to know. . ". . ....
¦ Ali Asgar's plans for the awakening
of his people nre Faid to be bitterly
opposed by the priests. Their power
AH Asgar, for such is his name
?horn of titles, has for twenty-four
y*»ars occupied higli positions, includ
ing that of Prime Minister and virtual
ruler of Persia. Every step forward
taken by that country during the last
two decades has been made at his in
stigation. Jn ihe midst of darkness
All Asgar has maintained a constant
fight for lip-ht and more than once ha3
made himself very unpopular in the
easy-golcs land for chose place
among nations he is battling.
He sees in education Persia's salva
tion mid to America he looks more
than to all the lands of the earth for
in«pir»tio:i and resistance in securing 1
this boon for his people. Ali Asgar
personally has established more than
fifty schools in Persia and much of
the leisure his present journey through
the United States affords him will be
devoted to studying educational
methods in the large cities. Of the
schools established in Persia by Amer
ican missions he rpraks with gratitude
and declares that no settlers in his
< onntry arc more warmly welcomed
:han these pioneers of the civilization
h<? covets for Persia.
To those that expect to see any
thing of the fierce Oriental in the
Grand Vizier, Mirza AU Asgar Khan
is unsatisfying as the imaginary ban
quet spread by Prince Barmecide for
the hungry Sch?.cabac. He is worth
reein^. however, and of the many dis
tinguished foreigners who have halted
here on their travels east or. west none
looked more of a "personag< 1 " than
the sriz3!e-ha.ired. well-groomed, alert
little man who arrived yesterday on
th* Korea.
Tlie Grand Vizier of Persia arrived
yesterday on the liner Korea and in
the big crowd gathered on the Pacific
Mai! Company's wharf everybody who
had ever read th<? "Arabian Nights"
craned neck and strained eyes in the
effort to see how a really truly Grand
Vizier looks. There are few titles that
in themselves convey to the Occidental
mind quite fo much of mystery anl
romance as that borne by San Fran
cisco's distinguished visitor. He has
held high and powerful offices for
twenty-four years and knows all about
the winding secrets of the Grand
Vizier business. ft
Po!iticai!y he is a reformer, of demo
cratic taste*. Domestically he is the
husband of about 100 wives. As a
try* Mohammedan he declines to dis
cuss his domestic affairs with unbe
lievers.
Persian Premier a Fighter
for Reform in His
Own Land.
GRAND VIZIER
CAMPS HERE ON
ROAD TO MECCA
THE SAN .FRANCISCO- CALL', SUNDAY, JANUARY 21, 190*.
31
GRANT) VIZIER TO THE
SHAH OF PERSIA, WHO
ARRIVED TESTERDAY.
There are two mistakes in this ad. too late for correction one half less than what we can buy them for. It will be the newspaper's loss and your gam. v^r. ¦¦!:'- A -^
SW^^^m^^^^Mm^hW^^^^\x% f\c>A V%«^^ dir^« try- Our coh«ha«ok s^s. e^ :^%i£y*z;
pBkmr J WfflMffl&\i.l JLii JL*V**\jL ODf^ft VV^ ***# The celebrated kid flttingr -Mentor" ecru. Price ...oOc
imWjM^^^m^^^m^^^r^^^^W^^ M^X*, WAt^^ J ** mak0 , jrrscy knit; made of wool fin- j-atjUJS' DEESSI2TO SACOniS
\MBm *iQ*ri£Zt**A*.^ ished yarn: high neck and long sleeves. LADIES DBESSINO SACQUES.
M\m^R\m^m^P^//i^^9^^ wnaer wear* YouVc vvarmcr in thcm than in bed - °. pen .sk
i(l'-h\y&S^W*"J?T tu slB^^ - ,_._ c , ___„___.. cs.rniiT:^ satin odsre. JacKet and sleeves finished
fil Wm^^^^MiM^^^^mMWi ° Ur La , dieS> and Child « n ' s , Kn! « e . d , Underwear is all steam- J£~ ?£ "B/^kt 'M l H/'iE"
H5*fft» WiliUl]lffiM0m^^ /lMAIiHI Shrunk, medicated, Soft and velvet finish, not irritating tO the most I^ord Fauntleroy collars, trimmed with Warm nnd comfortable, yet very low
4i#y^^»#^^Pwlw»^| 'ender skin. We can fit you if you are small or large-we make a ffi? t^JST&^T^ c<£ '" "^ iADIEa ;' -^ ««
i^fW^^^^^M-W^§F^^% sp««ity of them. sia^jSAaifa'si!
I 'JaTfflM IBKBidiJi'i u,..^L^^^^^f^f^^^i^^it^^^^Mi^yyWl T3T — LADIES' PETTICOATS ladixS' PCTTTroAT«i solid facts. You cannot match them and no sleeves, hand crocheted yoke.
PicSf will MwflH mUlffM «^s=-=rr==^. . — *^^« <tf , ,. „ 7 %, , t, , * 1 , .anywhere In 'l'risco at this price.oOo nrmholes and neck finished with silk
Vl^'^//luiftwlBlPl ir .*„ /- j TT j ,1 rad^ of fast _ l ? lack Sllk moreen. Made of twilled Daisy flamTel, fin- ' .„_„, _„__' lace beadins with silk ribbon: ln pink.
Vfflll//lflSwfflimnBlSl YOU Will find OUr Underwear totally high luster, finished with a deep shed with tw<» scalloped flounces silk LADIES' TIGSTS. blue and white. Instead of $1. special
Xm I' lilwiraMlV lUrilma j-rr *u t^. • 11 j j flounce and trimmed with three ruf- button-hole stitched; in pink and blue. \nklo length, kid fitting tops, jersey 1Ot>
9l ll! llBnumlvllniilH dinerent 10 OttierS. It IS all made under Our lies; nt and hang as they should: A health protector, yet light and com- knit fast black; made of steam 5hrunk
* lill MTO\\lY5\l H OV/n SUDervision There is nothing Stinted made s0 aR to flt snu S'y at the waist fortable 7."»C Australian wool. Price 05c -A-IU AND QBOSOHAIN RIBBOW.
IOT Pjls^*™ Iwvi supervision, i nere IS notning Stinted w|th a tlfirht-fltting yoke band. In- LADIES' GOWN t.atjtts' t-ouwqiko kobeS Width Xo. 1— In pink. blue. Iaven-
e^ Ce P t the P riCe \ HerC 3re a feW examples stead of , 3; 50. Monday's Price.-- ¦ Made of twl , led flannel . mng co ,_ Madfof extra heavy all-wool eider- de V Sre^
r&/&' ! &BmBlffltvM OI the way we Will Sell them: lar, double yoko in the back and front; down, made with large sailor collar —illL
LADIES' VESTS. liberal in length and width; feather and an extra heavy cord and tassel WHITE BXBBOri.
l^j^.v4'ji£ljl4£3j^r IiADIES' COIdBINATION GTJITS. llish nook and Ion? sleeves, partially stitch braid trimmed; warm and com- at the waist, collar and sleeves fin- In. fancy satin, dotted brocaded ef-
lltlilllS^^ "Oneita" make, high neck and lorn? sleeves nnd wool: t!io Merode make, known for lit fortable. yet very low in price for a ished all around with crocheted shell feet. Width No. tlO. full 4 inches wide.
' >: 'l;T5*£«Qv^T\iMk ankle lenpth; seamless and glov^ littinR; made of an( j finish; 70 per pent wool; velvet lTn- Kood garment like this. Price. . .. 7»">e stitch edR" of German yarn, liberal in Washable. Now A yard So
'hi'' "**^mJUi^t WWt steam shrunk all wool, the kind that opens on the j s h; f or the most irritable skin. Price LADIES' VESTS. length and width. Price S-.S."» IiADIES* COMBINATION POCXET-
Good "Tmoming! Here's the LADIES' UKDEESKIET. LADIES' DRAWERS. make, Richelieu ribbed; made of extra Width Xo. 100 — Five inches wide. Made in the real seal morocco and
best news in thi.nan#»rtri rlav iIade of fast b]ack satln finished Made of heavy bleached muslin. f^' oo '-.^ ft as v e?vet: in. gray or Made of all-silk taffeta. cor3ed edge. Levant kid. also walrus skin; patent
ucot 11CW& m xnc paper tO-aay. Italian cloth. Trimmed with a ten- trimmed with a flounce, tucked and whlte - Pric « • O.»c In cream, white, blue, pink, lavender gteel frame. The kind you cannot lose
THE latest t« tmnPTtvrift 1nch fl °unce and finished with four hemmed. For Monday and Tuesday. . CHILD'S VESTS. and black. Price A yard 12Jic money out of. In black, brown and
£ri« Vt,7", * "» DE » W E^- tailor-stitched bands. We are not ; 1J) C T-Hch neck and lonir ¦ sleeves ' natent BIBBOX. ' trin - Some sterling silver trimmed.
i^l^lllS & pSisp m igm^g^K |iipi%sifk|ai£ |gilMii|ri M^^Zz^Fn
Urs 25c length, kid fitting top. jersey knit; LADIES' SHAWLS. COVERS Gilt frame, with leather handle, ex-
LADIES' WHITE PETTICOATS mado of Sea Island yarn. Price.. SOc LADIES' WARRICK OLOVES. Made of all-wool zeDhvr full fiftv at » *. ,. V* *i t , ti i^ 8tron S sewed. Made of Levant
Made o^Xel^fk M" TI mu° S Un S and LADIES' VESTS. to^S^ l^^fotSS^nl?^ Hffl^^SSSSffi a^SsTl^heli S^seTn^de 11 "^ S3
mushed with a deep flounce, tucked High neck and long sleeves, jersey L,^ Mh outs de seam, hr Onlv Whynotsave your hea Jft,; ruffl-. Our surprise for Monday and see what a good bargain you will K et
and hemmed. Monday and Tuesday. . knit; made of medium ' weight wool c stitching o«^ back *IT fed tan '" Tuesday lOc for ....-81.13
* ' • 30e varn : in e ra y °r r »- P rl ce oOc a nd~brown. If you paid %2 you would BABIES' POITHDATIOH OB 9KELE- THE HEW CORSET COVER EM- * LADIES' BELTS.
LADIES' VESTS. LADIES' WRAPPERS. not get a better wearing Glove than TON COLLARS. BROIDERY. A sample line Made of peau de soi«
Made of pure Vega Silk; high n°ck Mnde of fleece lined flannelette, ruf- these. Special at Sl.OO In the new pointed effect. Made *f . Full 18 incne s wide, double rows of and patent leather, fancy clasps and
a ? t, Ki ne sleeves. Swiss ribbed; in fiV over the shoulder, front, back, col- LADIES' GLOVES. chiffon Qn a skeleton frame. Price.. 8« beadine, in blind and openwork de- buckles. 25c and 35c quality to De
pin*, wue and cream. Price, now. .$1 lar. and, ruflle braid trimmed; tight- Made of picked lambskin patent DRESS SHIELDS. signs. Why not buy some of these sold for Oc
LADIES' TIQHTS. corne^in'S'ffl'renf cSlor2d U "t°rlDe^ T Si/ two-clasp three rows of \ embroidery Nainsook covered and lined, filled' and make up your own Corset Co^rs? LADIES' HAKDXERCHTEPS.
The Merode make, mostly wool, jer- l t . "«?', fflnS ti w v L in on back ' , In , tan> ay - mode> black and wltn a vegetable substance which is • • • : A y ard •» Oc? Made of imported lawn hemstitched
sey knit, fleece lined, ankle length, kid J«J. in flt and finish, jet \ery low in . wnite . In sizes fi 14 to S; real worth odorless and washable, medium size. . LADIES' ABDOMINAL REDTXCEB border full s ze A» e >
fitting. In gray or white 5O« P JS1.OO si.oo. Monday's and Tuesday's price ;. A pair 7c - AMTD HO3E SUPPORTER. 1 *™, " „ 1TJL111" *j~L
CHILD'S PAJTCALETS OR ,, ' f^ll™-' WAMPfc - <K>C ' ATJTO BEMS . » Made wlth a patent pad wlth extra LADIES' HAND KERCHIEPS.
DRAWERS Made of extra heavy iron frame CELEBRATED Made of soft crushed leather moi-e strong belt, covered with near sllk. „.,, I 3 .®, °,t,,* l oft b!e^ h if d J awn i h t"J"
Jersey knH fleTce Uned medium f£S Zftt^Jl?? t££ lX %Z n t £*&**£ LADIES" KAYSER GLOVE-Marte of UnS?aSiu^ble^cMel^ioyou^.n Four.tnp^ol fancy filled elastic stUched borders and hand-made Inl-
weight- made of Elvctian varn^ aS tlhl %%}» t^L V^Tt t??i 1 eff ?,i t suedft llsle - P^ tent two-clasp, stitched make them any size you wish. In red. with button clasps. In red. pink, blue tlal Apiece U C
length' i m ecru or Iray Un Jarn -^"'t h^l,w n H t^.w" •„ t!^ w Ik bacto tan. gray, black and white. y blue, green and black. Price.... 43c and black, now lj)c LADIES' HAND KESCHIErS.
pi^^ip| -°^r=^r ET - IIW^^S Wss^MMm i^H^^S
CHILDREN'S SLEEPING GAR- Made of Imported sateen, circular Made of steam-shrunk Australian ders A set 25c „. Finely polished, good strong han- wltn a narrow Valenciennes lace. Frice
MEirrS ¦ cut and na nd gored: low and medium wool, fast bl3Ck. sanitary dye. swlss ...._, . dies, tha kind that will cut. 8 and 9 "H" oc
Tho M ,.,, M( !rn no . n . t bust; long over abdomen, straight- ribbed, double heels, toes and knees: „,. ,°^^^ 3 ; « , inches long. As long as the quan- LADIES' HANDSERCHXEP8.
for the feet: patent cuffs to be tied fo" r Iy to be had at the PrIce S?i™1 Ma^ e of extra fine cashmere, double finished with sllk buttons. Now... 27c BAC3C COMB. colors In pink and blue. Soft ajd
over the. hands. Small and medium *¦.«>«» srles and heels, stainless black, elastic. uTAflv Tn-TTrri" »nmn« Made of Italian shell, rounded top reaay Tor use O C
size. SOe. Largo sizes 7.">C THE CELEBRATED W. B. CORSET. and velvet Iinish. full length ami p,,iT „,„ »mi «L h.7* (Th and smooth teeth. At the Price- GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS.
CHILD'S WAISTS. (The new 1904 Model.) "width. No better stocking made than Fr er ich make ) Cutter's 15e Made of pure lawn, with plain and
Mado of knitted fabric, strengthened . St / aight J f l ont - low bust > short hi P- S °" COe No. 4 A yard tOf TIDY OB PIN CUSHION. colored borders, such as is used for
with twilled tape bands, double rows hand Pored; for slender or medium fig- LADIES' HOSE. «* Xo. 5 A yard 12W« Made of strong lawn finished with makln £ collars and ties. Now...lOc
of washable tape buttons. All sizete. . "¦ T*?. lace mmmed top an> cl oottom; Made of English thread, fast black *°- 7 A yard 15c a double row of hemstitching; 8 inches BANDANA HAND 2CSRCHISPS.
Each 1 2c m^°= wide taDethroueh tho waiSfnn!J an^ °P enwork Iace effect, full length. LETTERS. • -square; the quantity will not last long Slado of extra strong cloth. In blue
BEADED CHAINS. to prevent the corset from stretching Special A pair I21ic Made in extra fine gilt metal, large a * thls low price. ., Apiece '.Sc or red. The handkerchief that is used
72 inches long, made of South Sea >n pink. blue, white, drab and black! AUTO VEILING. size, highly polished. Just the thing 1000 REMNANTS IN BEAUTJTIERS. for »" akln S kimonaa. Now. . . . . .
Island shell, in new and pretty colors. Price .$1 .OO Made of all-silk French chiffon, 18 l?I, yo " r , f Au J° or Wrist Bags ' At .,l he Made of all-silk net. in crisscross. Apiece 7hC
The regular ?1.50 quality Monday AP*E, THE TAPE GIRDLE COBSET inches wide, embroidered and chenille * Ice CUUer s — *« tuxedo, spider web and chiffon: some POINT VENISE LACE.
* 9."»c Mori., nt o wn „,,„„„ fi,ni f,^J dotted; in ring, dot and flower designs; THE MAT FISHES SIDE COMB. are chenille dotted, others plain: 2? Four irches wide, in floral designs.
LADIES' CHAIN. straight front steel finished with a' 1" navy, brown, black and white. At Made of fine polished shell, v.-ith and 36 inches long; in the good selling Ecru or butt-r. Now 23c
Made of turquoise beads, 56 inches sathf rYbbon bow? in pink blue whitt the Prlce Cutter ' S -•"»« fI»"Hj* £^£™iS?Z&™i L° C^ ki " d; mO9tly /~mn-ifi i^ndil^ EMBROIDERTr INSERTION.
longr. In oblong, square and round and drab. At the Price Cutter's. ..'i.-Je APACHE JOHN'S LOOM. in place and adds a chic appearance to A remnant .1 ,,e and lOc Full 2 inches wide. Made on good
beads. Worth Hwice The price we ask CHILD'S PERRIS WAISTS For making real Indian bead work J inow. ........ .a pair i o c XIMONAS. heavy cambric, in openwork patterns.
.••••• 25c (T - Mother ._ Friend > ln belts - chains and fobs. So simple ' , ¦' ,., f PI-0R0D0BA. • Made of fancv chec ked Egyptian **« A yard 2o
LADIES' SIDE ELASTICS OR HOSE fJfiBfe^fiSS^^lB ttS^SEFS£*Xn C £SF!±t
M.deof fancy^me^last.c. with ESS With "^en tv- vS^^^^fflSS^SSS WL^^^^^^M
metal buckle of bow knots, also but- sizes 2oc ered. At the Price Cutters 5 C Price .25c red " t the Price Cutter's »1 •»•; J *1»«>O
ton clesps. In blue, pink and black. . T.ATEST PARI3IABT CRAZE in " ' -" «,^,«^, -.— «««"" ALL-OVER WEEBING.
• A pair IOC * ATBBI BEf n T^?ER? S A' C»»« Btt A A n ¦> m ta Oh A Tlir PIMOW SHAMS. For flress or waist trimming. Made
TAPE MEASURES /ti V- £ -i KJ T» Sii K » H HE B Pll Hh B O BH IhU j »> tambour and Irish point, open- of Point Venise lace, full IS Inchon
of iw ~,,^ ctw ,, n, , .1 ,, > V tnrd-c.ige \eil.) . em , 53 i 3 0 g 0^ "H »il HH H R J H B I II I- work patterns, finished with a seal- wide. In star, serpentine and flower
I, ,1 t'.^ ? m i!?" 11 " 1 ' Made of tuxedo and crisscross mesh, H»l |"0 Fft|BTi& 1 B^MWrr B & !: Sa e B nrtinr nilTTrn loped embroidered edge. 22 inches designs. In Arabian or ecru. Price..
bors on both sides. 60 inches long. .. chenille dotted: fancy designs in H § «&3 U G 3 a U ffl Ht3 Q H 9 Oifl PkI I M--f!!!T If H square. Now A pair ."JOc SI OO
I c apiece chenille and velvet dotted borders. At PiSEia* 1 B&^^BaiaW&^flLHa^yi ifilUL UU I I Lll buseati -capps oe nu^^E's sleeve peotectdW
TOR MAKING THE NEW LACE. the Price Cutters .»J»C RJ §3 K % M -»-«-" BUREAU SCARFS OR RUNNERS. S1EEYE PROTECTORS.
T1 , D F r .,,..:». i_».^»i i,t 1 w raittt nvq - B H i EM r%tr* am ' « •_ r*m. «. •¦ r»»cr ' ¦¦ *>t •. Mnde of English lawn, scalloped em- Mnde of rubber, soft and pliable
i~id'"iM i re? w?i '»",«¦ <l th 1 ,?", » x- x, 1 , f > , ,1 , %M %S WER 816 MarkCt Street. II 0 Tarre! Street. broidered ixTrder and center finished in elastics or both ends so as P t o fit
made in three widths on this patent Nickel plated, extra strong. In black T&V KBPWU& fancy braided designs. 18 inches wid- snugly. Instead of 25c. Monday and
mieci. irice _ oC or white ..A dozen «c- MAILORDERS SOLICITED and 54 inches long. Sow *J."ie . Tuesday's price 10c
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The First St. Louis Exposition View^ Palate of Machinery^ Will Be Issued Next-Sunday
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
120 PAG"! 300K SENT FREE.
with«rm*»toa n testimonials of thousands
cured w-hesi you -an see and talk vritL.
DR. & MR C . DR. CHAMLEY & CO.
•' Strict-y Kellable." Two Lady Assistants.
23 & 25 Third St., San Franci5co
They always poison the glands ln th» inn.it
and shouMer; then core le of trnl* possible. Any
tsiraor, funn or Here on ths LIP, 5"ACE or any-
wbera t>l- most' s is nesrly always cancer.
They csverpsl.. ¦ mi" almost past cure.
man mm is ganger
**&&%££*>. Iff fail to cure any
CANCER
|i or Tumor I treat
p-<V « w £j?+ before it poisont
w& l&o tieep elands
7 ** % Ho Knife! Ho Pain!
P No Pay Until Cured
«4ln SO jrears I lu.v. cured more
** // cancers Ui:.n an/ otl»>r dorto.
I liTiog. J>' . . R*y or other swin-
fc**&<^>^ J dIe - INVESTIGATE
S=C^ : /!aK Ky Absslste Guir&rtej
\£\%&s££*tMpK LUMP N
I WILL GIVE $1000
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
[03%/ O" r '' rs ' sa^ e nas been J
• iV\i a suCccsi bscausc we 1
l| I'ji *' have offered such high I
• v $ i cliss exclusive garments 1
: ; '-'vJ^| at such remarkably, low. I
. f '' ¦ To-morrow we put h
ff ' '. s ¦ on sale the . following ' jj
fl' 100 Waists, consisting of an R
. B ¦ . aesorted lot of silk, cheviot.- B
g vesting materials; regular price B
a $6.00, • $7.00 and G"3 nn N
I. $7.50; while they n i #S a
¦ - lost »pOmtfJ g
n Heavy muslin Gowns, high Q
neck, trimmed with fine nn ri
tucks and good embroid- /S{» n
ery; clearing price . ; *w
Nearly one dozen different D
styles of Oowm, high and low H
neck; regular price «t« ¦* g\s\ ra
51.50; now JUJQ |
Silk Drop Skirts, in all shades. I
I properly cut; regu- a* i I
lar price 96.00; \£L f. S |
clearing price. ..... 4*^»fc**^ ¦
An assorted lot of Children"s a
. fine Coats, Ions and short; regu- H
lar price $25.00; ct« *t »j i-jr-, H
clearing out at JlO.f 5 |
.. Alii, MILUNEBY DEDUCED. N
.1 - $20.00 Hats...; 81 0.OO : fl
'/¦, - 810.00 Hats.... S5.00 S
< .55.00 Hats Sl.OO a
;g^THIKC5TOWEAR- J I
• ' ' •' ' - ¥, FUR- CO.-'' ¦'•• g
• ¦- KU5LINWEAR-MSUINERY B
217 Grant Ave. I
E^s^-Vx YOIS ® m 8
B ' " . V^F^S GEwyiwE B
p The most wonderful record ln all history— merit made It Advertialno has ¦
y sorved to make CASCARETS known, but the create >t advertisement aver H|
H Printed could do no more than oet a poraon to try CASCARETS once. Then B
3 comes tho test, and If CASCARETS did not prove their merit there would M
ffl not be a 3ale of over A MILLION BOXES A MONTH. This success has been D
H made by the kind words of our friends. No one who tries CASCAEET9 H
| fails to be pleased and talk nicely about them. CASCARETS are easiest to L
| buy. to carry, to take, to olve— THE PERFECT HOME MEDICINE. They are H
I a perfect cure for Constipation. Appendicitis. Biliousness. Sour Stomach, g
I Sick Headache, Bad Breath, Bad Blood, Pimples, Piles, Worm3 and all bowel Ej
I diseases. Genuine tablet stamped C C C. NEVER SOLD IN BULK. All ¦
I druaaist3. ioc. 25c, 50c. Sample and booklet free. N
| Address STERLING REMEDY CO.. Chicago or New York. H
1 -an D~*" r-nTTT — r~TTr~ *\JN!0* 11
AftfflUAL SALE— TE^ EHILLION BOXES |
[^ Greatest lii the World m KSpecial information supplied dally* to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia atreeu Telephone Main IMS. *
' Towr.send's Callrornta jrlace fruits unrt
candies.- 50c a pound. In artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 713 Market st. above Call bids. *
The astute observers who are chronicling all that hap-;
pens in the Far East and a great dear that doesn't say
that Korea is very panicky because of the quarrels of the
Mikado and the Czar. It is safe to suggest, however,
that Korea's panic is nothing to ours since information
has been given that the denizens of the Hermit Kingdom
intend to annihilate all the Americans unhappily resident
in the. beastly country.
The cat has long been a pampered
pet of society, says a French writer.
Fair Persians, uncanny Chinese, half
finished Manxes, sleek English tortoise
shells and lucky black grimalkins have
been cultivated as carefully of late
years as Shorthorns and race, horses,
and certain breeds of dogs. Pussy has
had shows and a society all to herself,
and one could name some famous
"catters** belonging to well-known
members of society. , A great insult Is
now offered her, however. In that the
mouse has become. a fashionable pet,
and has already attained the distinc
tion of "points." A mouse show- is in
contemplation, to which every good
cat should be taken for a treat.
The Mouse Reigns.
The Commissioners of Public Works have notified the
public that most of the theaters in San Francisco are ab
solutely safe as far, as danger from fire is concerned. It
is seldom that a decision of a:iy such vital importance to
the community is promulgated, and it certainly is <thc
hope of every one that the commissioners have been in
spired by the highest, most unbiased purpose in their in
quiry and are fortified by the most thorough investiga
tion in their conclusions.
TO COLOR .SHELLS — O. M. S..
City. To color sheila dissolve a little
lac dye in a solution of- chloride of
tin: tho dye' should be first boiled anti
allowed to stand so as to settle. The
shells, thoroughly cleaned, are then
dipped in the' solution until they at
tain the desired color.
SPANISH COINS— T. J. M.. Los An
geles. Cal. This department Is In re
ceipt of many communications rela
tive to old Spanish colna. None of
such, even though more than 200 years
old. are worth more than one-half of
their face value in the United States.
ELECTORAL VOTE — Voter. City.
Under the apportionment of 1000 the
aggregate of the electoral vot,es of tTlP
several States of the Union will be 476
for the next Presidential election. Cal
ifornia has ten electoral votes. New
York has thirty-nine.
SECRETARY of State John Hay was recently in re
ceipt of a report from Ernest Lyon, United States
Minister to Liberia, in which he sets fprth the des
perate plight of some lately arrived negro colonists from
our Southern States and strongly advises against the in
discriminate colonization schemes which arc yearly send
ing to the African black republic hundreds of helpless
men and women to fight against disease and even star
vation. After recounting the history of one group of
hapless colonists whose number was reduced from sixty
lo thirty-six and whose few remaining healthy members
arc making their best efforts to get ou of the country,
the American Minister says: "Owing to the agitation
now going on in the United States on the subject of.ne
gro emigration to Liberia by irresponsible persons
whose literature has wide circulation among the innocent
and poorer class of negroes, the question becomes one of
gravity for the consideration of both governments."
Minister Lyon's report calls official attention to abuses
which have been carried on undisturbed for years. Few
people realize that in blindly advocating a* return on the.
part of the American negroes to the home of their an
cestors they arc acting purely upon a . sentimental im
pulse and may be doing immeasurable harm to those
whose best interests they have at heart. For they arc
urging a people who have been so long attached to
LIBERIAN COLONIZATION.
In his campaign, for tari " legislation and the strength
ening of a vast colonial empire Chamberlain has spoken
to London and, if reports be justified, has made a deep
and favorable impression. He is experienced enough to
know probably that cheers at a mass meeting do not
mean votes at the ballot box. It is the silent army that
forms its own opinions and attends no demonstrations
which throws the balance toward victory or defeat on
election day.
EASTER SUNDAY — Subscriber.
City. Easter Sunday -will fall this year
on April 3 and next year on April 23.
In tho nineteenth century it fell as
early as March 22 in 1818.
Emissaries of Japan are scouring among! the peace
locked navies of the world to secure expert gunners for
service in the event of war with Russia. " The money of
the little brown men may be able to buy the marksman
ship of foreigners but not the spirit of patriotism, which
is vital to any national success in war.
During the examination by ths
Lunacy Commission, a few days ago,
of a man suspected of being insane,
one of the doctors desired to be in
formed as to the physical condition of
the patient. "What's his temperature?"
he inquired of one of the stewards at
tached to the hospital, who happened
to be a green one.
"I'll find out," said the steward, dis
appearing into the cell occupied by the
alleged insane person.
"Sixty, doctor," he said when he re
appeared.
"What's that?" said the physician;
"that can't be."
"Well, it is, all right," retorted the
steward. "I'll show you."
Again he disappeared into the cell,
reappeared a little later with a ther
mometer fully a foot long, one of the
kind placed about the hall by the Board
of Public Works. "See for yourself,"
he said, with an air of triumph. "I had
it on his chest for a minute."
A Knowing Official.
I^AST CHANGE — F. W. G-. Seattle.
Wash. Last Chnnge, by Duke of Nor
folk and Vidette, raced in 1SD7 under
the name of E. F. Smith and the Oak
land stables.
MISSISSIPPI — Enq., City. Ths
height of the Mississippi River at New
Orleans, 19.8 feet on March 20, 1903,
was the greatest ever known.
'Anszvers to Queries.
Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria, In a
recent interview with the Sofia corre
spondent of the Berlin Lokalanueiger,
accused the European press of system
atically makinc fun of him and his
people. He said it was absurd to call
him an absolute ruler. The Bulgarian
constitution is one of the most demo
cratic in Europe, and he is hardly more
than a President of a republic. His
chief ambition is to be the teacher of
the people and to lead Bulgaria toward
a higher civilization and a broader cul
ture. ' He suggested that writers- in
European papers should make a Jour
ney to Bulgaria and study the country.
Then they would stop joking and begin
to appreciate the great civilizing work
he and the Bulgarian people have ac
complished. He also explained to the
correspondent that in spit? of his long
reign in Bulgaria the west European
papers still call him "the Koburg."
"Why don't they gi _ that surname
to the Belgian King?" he asked.
"I, take," he continued. "King Carlos
of Roumaria for my model. He too
Don't Like Treatment.
There comes a voice from out the sea,
Somewhat it speafcs to ev'ry heart;
But tell me what it says to thee.
And I will tell thee what thou art.
— Youth's Companion.
The solemn knclllns of the sea
Hath all th?se voIops bleat, and more.
And Us wUole soul full ceaselessly
Into deep utt'rancc seems to pour.
The lotiff swell lifts beneath the moon
The derelict's fell menace, where
The liner's drownins clamor soon
Swells the far sound upon the air.
The hollow throats of suns loni? mute
Their lost reverberations pour
Across the tempest's frenzied flute, .'
The breakers' Intermittent roar.
It hclds the myst'ry of the sea —
Of lost armadas, where they lie;
AVnpre swpllins-breastsd galleons be.
Thtir golden hoards piled cank'rlng by.
Some ghostly caracl; mark tho hours.
Thus might «om» pe«l sound fitfully
From tur.k Atlantis' burled towers.
Or from the lone Sargasso Sea
There comes a voice from out the sea,
A vibrant clans along the wave,
As Thor's hu«re hammer heedlessly
Had smote the rim of heaven's concave:
A distant, deep and solemn knell.
Now clear, now faint upon the gale;
Now Ilk* ?. far-off minster bell,
Now like an echoed drowning wail.
The Voice of the Sea.
The authentic history of Korea be
gins at a date seme hundreds of years
anterior to the foundation of Rome.
It was In B. C. 1123 that Kitsu, brother
of Woo Wang, fled trorn the Chiness
court, and was elected Kins by the Ko
reans. He 13 said to have taught th«
Koreans etiquette, integrity, agricul
ture and rearing of silkworms and th«
spinning and weaving of silk. For the
better government ef the country he
established eight laws, which were so
well observed that, in that golden age,
theft was unknown, and no house -was
barred.
Seoul, the capital of the Korean king
dom, to which marines have been sent
for the protection of the legations, is
about flfty-seven miles from the port
of Chemulpo. It is situated in a. hol
low, surrounded by rocky hills up and
down which run the city walls, inclos
ing an area of about ten square miles.
The interior has three streets, about
sixty yards wide and well kept, but
the remainder is a labyrinth of narrow,
filthy, uneven lanes. The city was
founded originally as far back as 1337.
The Antiquity of Korea.
"He didn't know why I had called,
but he ushered me into a room. In a
corner was a trundle bed with two
children tumbling in a fever. The
mother was there, sitting at the bed
side, wearied by long watching. The
man, haggard and marked beyond a
question by mental tortures, said:
" 'You must excuse me for bringing
you in here, but we have had much
trouble. Two of our children are gone
—died from the fever that these little
ones are sufferers from. I have been
out of employment for some time and
we are doing the best we can.*
• "I knew why he was out of employ
ment, only too well," continued the re
porter. "1 looked at him, then at the
mother, then at the babies. I told him
I was sent to inquire about the chil
dren, a rumor being they had been
poisoned by tainted milk. And I got
out as soon as I could possibly get out.
Then I 'phoned to the city editor that
I couldn't land the story. My con
science did not disturb me a bit."
Sentiment has little place in the daily
grind of the average newspaper work
er. The toiler in the ranks is bound
by a stern law of "get there" and can
stir from the straight path of duty
only with peril of disgrace hanging
over him. But there are times when
the circumstances tempt strongly,
when a sidestep might bring to some
wretched mortal a glimmer of hope. So
it was in the story that follows:
"I was detailed one might to find a
man who had been accused of a serious
breach of trust," said a veteran news
paper reporter. "After much difficulty
I Ideated him. at his residence in the
Mission. It was very late, nearly mid
night, and I had only a few minutes
leeway to get my story in time for the
paper. Without this man's statement,
the story could not be. published. I
knew that well. He did not.
A Case of Conscience.
"Now, Johnny, my boy." he said, nn
one occasion when he had bousht a
gallon of molasses, "cant ye just throw^
in a trifle of fine cut?"
¦ Younsr Wentworth looked at him for
a moment. Then his eye twinkled.
"Certainly," he said, and uncorkin?
tho jug, he "threw in" a handful cf
chewing tobacco. It cured the man of
his habit of asking for a bonus, if not
of the habit of chewins tcrbacco. —
Youth's Companion.
In C.j stores, where clerks have n»
control over the prices of goods, th«
old-time practice of "throwing in"
something with a purchase has gone
out of fashion. Tears ago, however,
when "Long John" Wentworth. aftrr
ward Mayor Wentworth of Chicago,
was a clerk in a grocery store, it was
an established custom. A certain cus
tomer was particularly urgent in his
appeals fav what izi Nerr Orleans is
called "iKjnappe."
Thrczu in the Tobacco.
The development of Alaska is a matter of great inter
est to the United States. At the present time we are
losing a considerable number of our« pioneer class of
citizens by emigration to the Canadian northwest and to
the Klondike, and yet we have in Alaska ample room for
the exercise of the energies of all of our people of that
kind, not only for this but for the coming generation. In
order to hold them to their native allegiance, it is evi
dently necessary that they be fully informed of the man
ifold advantages Alaska holds for them. '"It is of course
right and proper that the agricultural possibilities of the
country be exploited and published, but at the same time
it is not to be overlooked that the most potent attraction
, of Alaska for settlers and for capitalists is the immense
and .varied opportunities it offers for gold mining.
In one important respect the Governor's interest in
agriculture is wise. Mo country can be permanently
prosperous unless it can support its population on a scale
of comfort equal to the best civilization of the time. -It
cannot do that unless it has ample agricultural wealth.
It appears that Alaska has that wealth in potentiality.
The miners and the men engaged in the fisheries will not
have hereafter to import all their food products. Enough
can be grown in the Territory itself to support a popula
tion sufficient to develop its mineral wealth. It is worth
while having that fact made plain at St. Louis, and from
the earnestness with which the task has been undertaken
by -Governor Brady and the lady manager, Mrs. Hart, it
seems quite likely the Alaskan exhibit will be one of the
most notable at the exposition, carrying with it a sur
prise for well nigh everybody.
GOVERNOR BRADY of Alaska, in the course of
an interview with a representative of The Call,
on the exhibit which the Territory will make at
the St. Louis exposition, gave a marvelous showing of
the agricultural resources and products of that far north
ern land, which most people believe to be a frozen waste
of ice and snow. He also spoke much of the fisheries
and the fur industry, saying comparatively little about the
mines, evidently for the purpose of making clear to the
public that Alaska has a variety of resources and is not
'to be looked upon as a mere mining camp.
The intent of the Governor was excellent, but while
an exhibit of the agricultural products of Alaska may be
pleasing to the public as a curiosity of nature, the great
popular intcrecst in Alaska, is centered in the gold dis
tricts and in the marvelous output of gold that has
come from the placer claims, where fortunes arc in reach
of men of moderate means. At the present time there is
on exhibit in this city a display of Alaskan nuggets,
which is more attractive and more instructive to the
average man than any possible display of Alaskan grain
or vegetables could be.
The w'orld is interested mainly in gold. It was the de
sire for gold that led to the upbuilding of civilization in
California and in Australia fifty years ago, and which
draws adventurous men. to the hcits of Africa and the
frozen wildernesses of Alaska to-day. The fact that
grasses can be profitably grown in the "Nome district is
but a little thing in public estimation to the fact that the
same district is the richest placer mining ground now
known to^thc world. /
ALASKA'S EXHIBIT.
Some of the theatrical managers of Chicago believe
that they arc victims of injustice in being forced to close
their showhouses until they are absolutely safe. A list
of these men should be published everywhere and the
public should be persuaded that under no possible condi
tion of time or locality should their entertainments be
patronized. Even in this age of commercialism human
life has some value.
JIany painters have aspired to ths
honor of painting the new. Pope's first
portrait, but to a French artist has
fallen the prize. According to "The
London Globe," M. Gabriel Ferrier won
the gold medal at the last Salon with a
picture of "JIary "Weeping Over the
Dead Christ," and Pius X inquired from
one of the staff of the French Embassy
the name of the painter, after seeing a
small reproduction of the work. This
led to M. Ferrier's commission. The
Pope gave the artist many sittings, and
the sketch is now almost complete,
though a few more touches axe still re
quired. M. Ferrier has elected to paint
what may be described as a state por
trait, with the Pontifical throne and th»
tiara. One detail of a personal nature is
of much Interest. Though the face of
Pius X is full of. benevolence, M. Fer
rier, In all the lengthy sittings and con
versations accorded to him, never ones
saw a smile upon it.
The Pope's Portrait.
When 1 first sighted him his tusks
were resting on the ground, as he was
leisurely mating grass. He presented a
niapnific^nt :-ight as he stood there like
m. colossus with six heavy columns sup-
P'-itins: hip huge body. He had turned
round crosswise upon his trail, and
there he stood in all his majesty flap
ping off the flics with his big ears. I
got around to his back and then made
straight for him; got up to within fifty
yards; cut a Quarter circle almost
round to his side; kneeled down on one
knee, resting my jam on the other,
t«x>k steady aim and fired. He came
down. I opened my sun to fill the
empty chamber and had a lot of
tremble in getting out the brass shell,
it .had expanded so. I knew that he
v.as trying to get up, for there was a
big commotion In his direction, but the
tshHl had stuck fast. It seemed an age
before 1 pot loaded up again. When I
looked toward my elephant he had got
<>n his feet, and bad turned around,
facing me, and looked at me for an
eternal moment. Ho was furiously
mad, for his tu^ks had half broken his
neck in falling and in Retting up. He
was coming at me. I cocked both bar
rels and before he had taken many
steps fired at his trunk low enough
down to cut it off if possible. I knew
the front brain shot too well to try it
under the circumstances. Both barrels
went off at almost the sarm time, and
the violent concussion was more than I
could stand. I scarcely knew what had
happened until some one picked me
up and I heard the natives beginning to
howl. "Bunprue que, bungue que" — that
is to say, "White man dead."
But Bungue was not dead, and gath
ering myself together I went to take a
look at my big elephant. I never for
a moment doubted he was dead. When
I srot to the p'.ace where he had been
shot, and where he ought to have been
lying, I could not see clearly, as my
glasses had been broken into a hundred
pieces, and the blood was streaming
down into my eye. Wiping it away and
looking hard I tried to find my ele
phant, but no elephant was there. I
got on his trail, expecting to find him
every second; but c-n going a few hun
dred yards I" began to realize he had
got away. Then I commenced to find
out the extent of my damages. The
heavy charges had broken the stock of
my gun at the grip, and the rr-eoil
caused the hammer to hit me in the
forehead just above the eye, nearly
cutting through the" skull. The blood
was running down qiy faee In a stream.
I gi/t my wound bandaged and started
back to camp a sick and discouraged
man. I inwardly vowed never again
to go on an elephant hunt. I staggered
like :i drunken man, feeling: at every
step that I must surely have to give
up going to camp and r ly where I was.
.^bout 10 o'clock at night I reached my
journey's end and l2y down on my bed.
I did not sleep much for thinking of
ihat elephant. The next day I was
joo tick to go after Mm, but on the
following day my blood was up. and
*ftrr tying my gun together. I resolved
to find him. I was afrai^. that no c-ne
would believe wliat large elephants we
have out here unless I could produce
About 3 o'clock we came upon the
LraiL I could put my two feet, one in
front of the other, in the tracks which
he had made, and soon I found where
ho had been resting his tusks on the
cround. The chase became very excit
ing: any one following the trail and
seeing how he had plowed his way
thn-ugh the bush would have known he
was a prize. I followed him until 12
o'clock, and then sat down to a hasty
lunch of buffalo tongue and cold sweet
potatoes. My men wanted to return
hemp, saying it was "yangora mangy,"
that is, a long way. I said: "There is
no setting back until we have found
that elephant/* So wo started out on
his trail once mere, following it hotly
for a l"ns time, until we came to an
oj»en- place with a few b:s trees in it
and grass no more than knee-high. I
was just thinking what a fine place
that would be tw interview an elephant,
wh<Mi my men. who were ahead of me,
came back on the run. saying that they
had come up to his lordship in an
• 'pon grass pitiin a little distance be
yond.
One morning when I was at Rafla a
native came- to me and told me of an
enormous elephant near his village
which tlie men had been trying to kill
for a long time, but which was so big
and strong that he always got away In
epite of all the epcar wounds they co-uld
give him. He could not, however, go
fast on account of his tusks, which
were so large that he could not carry
them far without setting them on the
Cround to rest his head on them — the
tusks serving the same purpose as the
legs of a table. He told me all this
with excited speech and gesticulations,
soing through aJl the motions of the
elephant as his tusks plowed the
ground or formed pillars for the sup
port of his head. I thought at first he
whs lying to me and merely wanted to
pet me to the village to kill him some
nii'at. Hut I decided tnat such a de
scription c«ru!<I not be altogether a
thing <<f the imagination; so I loaded
some heavy brass shells, putting twen
ty-three grams of powder and 160 grams
of lead into each. This was a heavier
charge than I had been using, but this
v.as an extraordinary elephant, and I
ettuld well afford to get kicked over in
'order to bac such a prize.
Cor> right. I'M*, by Joseph B. Bowles.
IJanter.)
(African Traieler. Kr.clorer and Blic Game
rt niLUAU staki-s chehrt.
Shots at Elephants.
had to suffer from the shallow jests of
the European press for twenty years.
To-day one has but to go through Kou
mania in a railroad train to see what
great things the Kins has accom
plished. He attained this by main
taining a position of strict independence
of all classes and parties, and by goins:
along quietly, without noticing hia
critics."
Fifty years ago it would have been thought fantastic
and preposterous in any one to predict that we would be
come, exporters of citrus fruits, olive products,' figs, pome
granates, raisins, grapes and wines. But we produce
and export them in such quantity as to affect the world's
markets and control our own. And now we ¦ are pre
paring to turn our dreariest desert into a date orchard,
by creating upon its blear surface oases that will grow
the choicest date of commerce. Their habitat is the
tropical Sahara. That they will grow here is settled by
the most reliable observation, and by actual experi
ment. So it may not be a wild prophecy to predict that
fifty years from now California will be an exporter of
rubber and that the value of the gum by that time will
make it the most profitable of our products. Men now
living may wear garments or use wheel tires of Califor
nia rubber.
There are several varieties of the rubber ficus. We
have gi owing in California, as a quite common outdoor
tree, a very close congener, which we call the rubber
tree. It is made ornamental by its large oblate and
shiny leaves. On the west coast of Central and South
America the true rubber tree flourishes. Those familiar
with physical geography know that the Pacific coast of
the tropical Americas docs not share the lurid tropical
conditions that prevail in the same latitude on the cast
coast. The west coast conditions may be said to vary
from tropical to semi-tropical types. They do not differ
in a marked degree from the physical characteristics of
California. The palms, that share the forests with the
rubber ficus, grow here. The orange, a distinctly tropi
cal tree, the native of moist swamps, is domesticated
with us. and flourishes. Why not the rubber tree?
Experiment would cost so little that some one should
make it with the rubber tree. We grow the tea plant, and
would produce tea for the whole country, except for
the lack of that form of labor which would make it profi
table. In the case of rubber the labor question offers no
impediment. Granted that the tree will grow here, and
yield gum unimpaired in quantity and quality, it would
be a lasting resource of wealth, greater than any other
related to the soil. The ornamental ficus we have grows
in the natural rubber forests, and perhaps is a yicldcr of
gum. We do not know whether it has been tested here.
But the fact that it flourishes in our climate is evidence
that the rubber tree would also.
In view of these facts, it becomes of importance to
know where the rubber tree may be grown, and the Ag
ricultural Department at Washington may well interest
itself in the matter. The tree is allied to the fig, and is
classed as a, ficus. Those familiar with our ordinary fig
tree know that when the bark is punctured a milky fluid
exudes, which upon exposure becomes viscous by evapo
ration. That fluid, which is the sap of the plant, in every
respects resembles the milk of the rubber tree when it
first leaves the tree. The milk of the rubber, however,
possesses greater viscosity, and evaporates into the
familiar gum withouj: much loss of bulk.
The progress of art has vastly increased the use of
rubber. In the beginning it was used only for over
shoes and rain coats. Before the discovery of vulcan
izing bj' Goodyear, these articles had no wide use, be
cause the gum was soft and sticky in warm weather, and
brittle to breaking in cold. But Goodyear's process rev
olutionized the whole trade, in fact created it. Since
then the application of the gum to new and necessary
uses has been so rapidly extended that the world would
not know what to do without it. We have seen the
steady advance in the value of copper, due to the very
recent extension of the applications of electricity. But
that advance is eclipsed by rubber, the non-conductor of
electricity. Its first use as a -wheel tire for bicycles was
soon extended to wagons and carriages, and now, a
bugg^y or carriage without a rubber tire is becoming the
exception. The multiplication of automobiles, a ma
chine that is here to stay, has made another extensive
demand.
It is only recently that much attention has been given
to rubber planting. Only a few of, the plantations in any
part of the world have begun to yield, and- by the time
they are all in action the price of the product .will have
largely advanced. So far no substitute for rubber has
been discovered in nature nor invented by science.
Some patents for such substitutes have been taken out
in this country and in Europe, but that they were, not
practical is shown by their non-appearance in the mar
ket.
Wr ILD RUBBER, or that taken from the
native tree growing in the forest, is de
• creasing evefy , year. This is due to a van/
ety of causes, among which forest fires hold first place.
Then, too, in such forests the taking of the rubber is
done by natives Who use no care in preserving the life of
the tree. Tapping becomes a girdling process, of course
with fatal results. Instead of any increase in the supply
of "wild rubber," to keep up with the constantly increas
ing demand, we have price affected by decrease in sup
ply.
King Dan really did try. with the
result that in a very few minutes the
poor old fellow was in the dispensary,
receiving treatment for a pair of badly
blackened eyes, a split lip, a bruised
nose and several black marks about
the body.
Tom. with his little eyes twinkling
i..errily, and without a mark on his
wrinkled vjsage, sat upon a soap box
in his room. About him were dozens
of gray-bearded old fellows offering
him their congratulations. In the midst
of it all the c!l fellow arose, and tak
ing from his pocket a worn, old pocket
book, abstracted therefrom a news
paper clipping, yellow with age. Care
fully unfolding it he spread it upon the
floor, and pointed with pride to the
picture of a fine, sturdy young fellow
in^ Tins costume. Placing a bent and
trembling forefinger upon the picture,
he said:
"That's me. Fifty years ago." '
A few weeks ago there arrived at the
almshouse a crabbed old fellow whom
the driver of the ambulance called Dan.
He was cranky and crotchety and
bossified to boot and he had been an
inmate of the institution but three days
when the other paupers unanimously
voted him king of the poorhouse. His
word became law, especially after he
had enforced it with a blow, and he
fairly reveled in the things called lux
uries out at the county farm. The little
box that stood at the head of his bed
•was filled almost to overflowing with
choice cuts of chewing tobacco and
cigar butts of extra length.
One day when King Dan had been In
power about a month the ambulance
brought out a little weazened old fel
low, who passed by the name of Tom.
In due course of time Tom and Dan
met, and 'the King let Tom know In
very short order that he was expected
to pay tribute. But Tom did not take
kindly to the suggestion, especially
when Dan demanded three-fourths of
his plug of navy.
"Not a bite," auoth Tom.
"I'll have all of it for that," growled
Dan.
"Take it."
"I will."
After Fifty Years.
The great big elephants, each nearly
eleven feet at the shoulders, were
standing there pulling grass with their
trunks and beating the mud from it
against their legs, and after rocking
it, like a child being put to sleep, in
the cradle of their trunks, they swung
it into their mouths. They were wag
ging their heads from side to side,
while their big round ears, five feet in
diameter, were waving about as though
swung on a pivot. An African ele
phant's brain is almost impossible to
locate from his forehair. I had missed
that shot so often that I had no con
fidence in It. They walked away about
eighty yards, when one of them grew
restless. He had a scent of something
irregular, out went his big ears at
right angles and up went his trunk.
While he was turning to locate the
smell I touched the trigger, and my
old gun thundered out its sentence of
death, nearly knocking me over, /as I
did not have a solid footing.
Making the natives stay behind, all
except my gun-bearer and trackers, I
was soon abreast of the quarry. The
breeze was strong in our favor, carry
ing the scent toward us. I crept
through the grass and swampy low
land, in what a state of excitement and
suspense may be imagined. I was try
ing to keep a little knoll on which
fome date palms grew between me and
the elephants, and after much effort I
arrived there. I crawled in between the
leaves, regardless of stickers, and rest
ed a second without looking out on the
other side. The excitement and ner
vous strain had lasted nearly half an
hour. When I peered out from the
covering the date leaves there were
the three big elephants so close
that I could sec every wrinkle in
thoir hides, and almost count the
hairs in their tails. Their rumps
were toward me, which was a
good thing for my nerve; it would have
been too great a strain to have faced
all three at once. My heart was throb
bing so that I could hear it, yet out
wardly I kept a' cool front. I could
not handle my gun, however, in this
state; hauling: myself through the mud
at double Quick time was exhausting.
my classes were not clear, for they
had been in the dew as veil as the rest
of mo, and there was not a dry thing
to wipe them on. At last I thought
of the leather band inside my hat and
used that. After a few moments of this
diversion I was cool all the way
through and ready to commence the
duel.
Suddenly, as if it were the raising of
a curtain on the stage, every vestige
of the mist disappeared, and I was
scanning the low grass lands for ele
phants, but there was not even an ante
lope in sight. I went on up river half
a mile farther. We crossed a gully in
the ridge, wading the swamp waist
deep, and as we came to the top of the
ridge, again there was a sight to make
a hunter forget any predicament. Some
1.00 yards up river were the three ele
phants.
Soon my glasses were on them, and I
saw they were all tuskers, and good
ones.
Sleepily, and feeling like a martyr, I
crawled out of my bunk one cold fall
morning as reluctantly as a man can
feel under such conditions. The natives
were clamoring at my door, saying,
"Demby Creecy, Deraba Creecy, duree
otta yacco yangora pepy." They had
found three elephants not far • off.
After much questioning I learned that
the elephants were in> the low grass
along the banks of the river. The
water had been high and it was miry
there in many places, but since the
water had sone down the grass had
grown waist high, and this was what
attracted the elephants. Back of this
low land was a grassy ridge. I was
soon following along this with my big
gun. and before walking half a mile I
was as wet as though I had been wad
ing neck deep in the river. The dew
was cold, and the men's teeth were
chattering in spite of their efforts to
keep warm. The sun was just peeping
up now, and the heavy mist lay on the
bottom land like a soft, fleecy blanket,
obscuring the whole scene.
his tusks in evidence. I was deter
mined to find him even if I had to con
tinue the search for four months, but
after a fortnight, just as I was pre
paring to gd back to Rafla for rations,'
I was saved all further trouble by hav
ing the natives come and tell me that
they had found my beast. I- lost no
time in going to see him. but he was
in a very advanced state of decomposi
tion. The tusks, however, were intact.
They are now in my collection in Amer
ica, and can speak for themselves. .
American soil as to become thoroughly, imbued with its
, traditions to cut all home ties and pack their families to
a tropical land upon a strange continent where utterly
unfamiliar conditions both of agriculture and society ob
tain. Not only are the colonists to Liberia thrown upon
these new and untoward circumstances, but they are
brought face to face with climatic conditions which affect
them as seriously as if their forefathers, five generations
removed, had not lived in the jungle. Africa is no more
suited for the American negro than for the American
white man. Tradition will not furnish him health,
wealth and happiness.
Emigration to Liberia had a worthy beginning. When,
in the year 1811, the American Colonization Society con
ceived the laudable purpose of sending back to the Dark
Continent those freed or run-away slaves who found the
South only as darkest Egypt was to the chosen of
Lord, they planted seed on fertile soil and the Liberian
colony grew until it- gained the dignity of an independ
ent state. Those early colonists who went there, how
ever, did so under the protection and with the assistance
of the American society. They were given financial aid
and put in the way of making for themselves comfortable
Jivings in that land.
Conditions have changed now. Those who were
fortunate enough to get to the new land first have taken
up all of the finest opportunities, organized their trade
reflations and have their society based upon principles of
their own evolving. The milk of human kindness does
not spout more plentifully on the west coast of Africa
than in any other portion of the globe. The Liberians
have ceased to welcome penniless immigrants, and ac
cordingly negro colonists from the United States find
on their arrival a far from hospitable reception.
RUBBER IN CALIFORNIA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, •TANUARY 24, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCIS.GO GALL
¦ ~ — -~ — ¦ — v—~j 1 ..,>¦.,... — . — . — >~»~~ ¦
JOHN^> SPRECKELS, Proprietor .... .... ... Address All Communications to JOHN" McNAUGHT, 'Hanager
Publication Office <5^^^^^ > Third and Market Streets, S. P.
SUNDAY . . . .• ;• "JANUARY 24, 1904
32
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESToo much father-in-lavf is what trou
bles Wllllaml W. Flagler, who deals
in paints and oils, but who overlooked
a bet in not claiming to be a nephew
of Henrv M. Flagler of the Standard
Oil Company. His father-in-law is
named Michael Savage and the old
gentleman, retired from business after
amassing a competency, lives at 438
Clementina street. ;
Flagler married Savage's daughter
one year ago and the silver cord was
severed Friday in their first matri
monial row. The wife tore off her wefl
ding'ring. threw it into the fireplace
and rushed to tho only rescue she had,
liie telephone. She ; called up her
John Dowd, an elderly man. who is
accused of cruelty to a minor child,
appeared in Judge Fritz's court yes
terday. The abused infant is 'his
daughter, aged 17 years. His wife
is a witness in the case and it may
require several hearings to develop
the real facts.
Dowd has made a wreck of a house
he tflaims to own at Harriet and Har
rison streets. When he wa3 arrested
on a charge of disturbing the peace
the policeman found that nearly all
the panels of the doors in eighteen
rooms had been kicked out. His wife
says she owns the premises and that
she is not in the wrecking business.
In addition he is accused of using his
brawny fist on the protruding jaw of
any member of the family that op
posed his frequent excursions to the
corner grocery to crown a tin pail
with amber and foam. When he was
arrested a horse bucket filled with
beer was alongside his bed.
B. Cohn is a man who peddles liz
ards around the streets with a pin
skewered through their insides./When
the Florida lizards are' properly im
paled they give splendid color effects.
Then they die in torture on the bos
oms of the women who wear them,
after a period of six or seven days.
Cohn was in court yesterday.
Cohn was charged with the offense
of peddling without a license. The
charge of cruelty to animals was lost
in the shuffle. Policeman Dan Dris
coll testified that Cohn often block
aded the front of Market-street stores,
vending his living wares, cruelly stab
bed as. they were.
Cohn made a poor witness for him
self and a poorer advocate before
Judge Mogan yesterday. He was ad-
Judged guilty of peddling without a
license and will be sentenced Monday.
Victor Lavart, like the French lyric
poet Beranger, cares not who makes
the laws of a country if he can write
its songs. He is a poet, with abundant
hair on his whiskers and the generally
unwashed appearance of one who dab
bles in versifying to excess. He was
before Judge Mogan yesterday on a
charge of vagrancy.
Policeman George Duffy testified that
his duties were seriously interfered
with in patrolling the vicinity of Jeffer
son square by being forced to hunt the
poet through the shrubbery and around
the trees at night time. So insistent
was Lavart in making a lodging-house
of the public square that he disregarded
more than fifty warnings by the police
man.
The poet approached Judge Mogan
closely and tried to whisper a few
winged words into his ear. In the
course of police business the Judge has
forgotten almost all the poetry he ever
knew. "Just stand down there," he
said, "and tell me all about it."
Lavart told him that poets and
prophets read their stories from the
stars, and that in the narrow confines
of his bunk on Washington street he
could get no inspiration. He needed the
blue vault of heaven and the twinkling
of the constellations to give him the
proper half-Nelson on eternal truths
that should be ambered in verse.
He was convicted of vagrancy, and
Monday he will be given thirty days in
a. resort on the San Jose road, where
he may gaze at the cerulean vault of
heaven as it appears banded and barred
by the windows of the bastile that
holds him.
The disagreement of the jury that
recently heard the trial of the suit
of J. H. McCarty agaist the Master
Horseshoers' Association and the
Journeymen Horseshoers* Union does
not suit McCarty. Yesterday he filed
notice that on January 29 he will
move that the court set a date for an
other trial of the action.
McCarty Will Try Again.
September he became acquainted with
Kelly and got him to sell some of the
stolen jewelry. Walters subsequently
became acquainted with Mills. Wal
ters secured a position as bellboy at
the Colonial Hotel, but was discharged
a?ter being there about two weeks.
Two days after his discharge the rob-
I bery in the apartments of Baron von
Horst was committed.
d"positions of witnesses in the Fair-
Nelson inquiry before Court Commis
s-oner Hossmer. Bollen's testimony
vrh* practically the same as he gave
on direct examination on Friday and
ho corroborated every statement which
h:? employers. Porter & White, made
on the stand a few days ago. The
taking of the depositions will be re
sumed on Tuesday morning at 10
o'clock.
I DESERTER IS ARRESTED
j OX STEAMSHIP KOREA
James Bollen, the undertaker's as
sistant, who helped take care of the
bodies of the lAe Charles L. Fair and
his wife, was cross-examiYied yester
day morning at the taking of the
Bollen Is Cross-Examined.
Husband (sadly) — Now that we
have lost all our property, what have
we to look forward to in the way of
pleasure? Wife (cheerfully) — Well.
it might be worse; I can still go shop,
ping. — Chicago Daily News.
j Private Salter, Who Attempted to
Leave Army Service at Hono
lulu, Is Caught Here.
Private Salter, who deserted from
the Sixty-seventh Artillery, stationed
at Honolulu, was arrested on the'
Korea when she arrived in port yes
terday. Salter and Private Kauffield
both disappeared from Camp McKin
! ley at Honolulu last Sunday, the day
1 that the Korea sailed for this port. A
I cablegram was dispatched to the com
! mending officer of this division with
I the request that the deserters be ap
prehended. The result was that Lieu
tenant E. H. Rubottom, Ninth Cavalry,
boarded the steamship as soon as she
came to anchor here and in a few min
utes located Salter. Kauffield could
not be found.
Brigadier General Theodore J. Wint,
commander of the Department of Mis
souri, and Brigadier General Jesse M.
Lee, commander of- the Department of
Tcx'as, are passengers on the Logan.
Both have been assigned to these de
tails by general orders No. 65, which
v/ent into force January 15, when the
revision of divisions and departments
took place. *
Captain Leon S. Roudiez, Twenty
fifth Infantry, reported at headquar
ters yesterday on leave.
Thursday will be the regular month
ly field day at the Presidio. Events
will begin at 9 a. m. Following is the
programme: Two hundred and twenty
yard dash, preliminary; striking Sibley
tent, Coast Artillery only; mounted
athletics, cavalry and field artillery;
standing broad jump; gun detach
ments, field artillery only; running
broad jump; 220-yard dash, finals; re
lay race. Prizes are to be offered for
every event.
GARXETT'S ATTORNEY ASKS
FOR LONG CONTINUANCE
Claims It Is Essential to Defendant's
Interests That 3Irs. Colt Be
Present at Trial. •
The argument on the motion of At
torney W. D. Grady on behalf of Alex
ander B. Garnett, charged with the
murder of Major J. W. McClung in the
apartments of Mrs. Lillian Hitchcock-
Coit at the Palace Hotel, to set aside
the Information was commenced before
Judge Lawlor yesterday 1 and will be
continued on Tuesday, jj
Grady spoke for nearly' four hours
on innumerable technical points. He
argued ' that 'the testimony given by
Mrs. Colt.at the.Coroner's inquest was
different in esential particulars to that
given by her at the preliminary exarrf^
ination before Police Judge Fritz. Other
points raised were to the effect that Il
legal continuances had been granted in
the Police Court, and that Mrs. Colt
was not in a proper state mentally to
testify.'
Grady claimed that it was - essential
to, the defendant's interests that the
trial be postponed until Mrs. Colt's at-"
tendance could.be secured. He had not
concluded his argument when a contini
vuance.till Tuesday was ordered.
Charles Peterson is a salvor at a
fire who looks mostly to his own bene
fit. He forgets about dropping an
asbestos curtain when gain is in sight.
During the progress of a conflagra
tion in a sailor boarding-house at 119
East street Friday he rushed valiantly
into the seething flames, rescued nine
bottles of whisky, two revolvers and
a pair of sea boots.
He was charged before Judge Mo
gan yesterday with carrying a con
cealed weapon, and after a short dis
cussion with the Judge was convicted.
During the inquiry he claimed to be a
sailorman, whose whole ambition was
to plow the seas in a stout ship. What
ever happened to him on the beach
was merely incidental and in the way
of repose from the toil of th*e salt
spray track. A few skillful, questions
drew from him the fact that he had
served a term in San Quentin for over
powering a policeman and beating him
on the heacL with a club. Monday
there will be something doing for the
ancient mariner.
father and told him she was being
abused. With his Celtic blood bailing
the father rushed to the rescue of his
che-lld and before he could be cooled
down the peace and quietude of the
neighborhood v.-as . shattered tempo
rarily. ;
Judge Fritz heard the facts and ten
derly treated the family to some
fatherly advice on the "butt-in-ski"
feature of marital troubles. When all
had absorbed the words of wisdom
they were allowed to go their ways.
BAUBLES ARE RECOVERED
»
Ringleader, Who Was Formerly
? Employed in Colonial Hotel,
Is Caught in Minneapolis
?
Three bellboys whom the police [
claim are implicated in the theft of
Baroness von ¦ Horst's diamonds and
other jewelry of the value of $3000 j
from her rooms at the Colonial Ho
tel, Pine and Jones streets, on the j
evening of January 6 or the morning |
of January 7, are in custody, one in j
Minneapolis and two here. They are
J. M. Walters, George Kelly and John
Mills.
Detectives Dinan and Wren have
been working on the case and their
suspicions, which fell upon the three
boys, were confirmed when they dis- i
covered that Kelly a,nd Mills had been j
disposing of some of the stolen jewel- j
ry here. This the officers recovered.
Kelly and Mills were placed under
arrest and it was le-arned by the of
ficers that Walters had left this city
on January 12 for the North by way j
of Seattle. J
Circulars were at once prepared,
giving- an accurate description of Wai- j
ters and containing a description of j
the stolen jewelry. Yesterday morn- i
ing Chief Wittman received a dispatch
from Ed J. Conroy, Superintendent of
Police, Minneapolis, Minn., that Wal
ters had been arrested there and that
the police had in their possession six
of the stolen articles of jewelry, which
Walters had sold there for $70/
Superintendent. Conroy was at once
notified to hold Walters and that an I
officer would be sent immediately with j
the necessary papers for his extradi
tion. The papers were at once pre
pared and Detective Dinan was in
structed to be in readiness to proceed i
to 'Sacramento to have them signed;
by the Governor and .then continue j
his journey to Minneapolis to bring j
Walters back. Baron von Horst was j
communicated with and he swore to j
the warrant for Walters' arrest on a ;
charge of grand larceny before Police
Judge Mogan. j
, The police say that "Walters came
here last September after stealing j
about $5000 worth of jewelry from the
Yellowstone Park Hotel. He disposed j
of the stolen jewelry here, getting j
Kelly to assist him. The police com- j
municated with the Yellowstone Park j
Hotel, but received a reply that "it '
had been closed for the winter and j
no one knew where the proprietor
could be found.
Kelly and Mills resided in this city
a long period and the police say they
have not been in trouble before. When
Walters came here with his booty last
Bellboys That , Tolicc Allege
Stole Baroness yon Horst's
Valuable Jewelry in Custody
MAUDE LAWRENCE PURGED
OF THE CHARGE OF FORGERY
Maude Lawrence was dismissed yes
terday by Judge Cabaniss, the charge
that she forged the name of J. Walter
Laymance to certain paper calling for
money from the Columbian Banking:
Company having failed of proof. All
the evidence showed that the checks in
dispute were Issued by Laymance, and
even the bank officials had acumen
enough to pass the alleged forged or
ders and give in exchange lawful money
of the United States.
Judge Cabaniss at three different
epochs of the hearing yesterday inti
mated that the defendant would be dis
missed. The attorney for the prosecu
tion was insistent on making an argu
ment, however, and before he had half
finished the cause was lost.
"We have wished to show," said the
attorney, "that Mr. Laymance has been
pursued by this woman for years and
that his entire desire was to be rid of]
her."
The Judge interrupted with the per
tinent question: "If Mr. Laymance
really desired to be rid of this woman
why did he go to meet her at the Bay
State in response to a telephone mes
sage on her return from New York,
after their intimacy had been severed
for a number of years?"
During the course of the decision ren
dered by Judge Cabaniss allowing the
defendant her liberty he inadvertently
referred to the charge against her as
"perjury." The special prosecutor
promptly corrected him and stated that
the charge was forgery. Attorney Tom
O'Connor for the defense leaned over
the rail and said audibly, "Perjurjrwill
be the charge against Laymance."
O'Connor refused to say later whether
or not charges of perjury would be pre
ferred against Laymance. He said it
was a matter still under consideration.
He frankly stated, however, that a. civil
damage suit would be brought against
' John H. Swift, president of the Colum
bian Banking Company, who swore to
the complaint against the woman de
! fendant, who remained In the City
i Prison three days before bail was se
i cured for her. Laymance and the do
; lumbian Banking Company will be
j made codefendants in the civil suit for
', damages.
Judge Cabaniss Refuses to Hold the Woman
Who- Is Accused by J. W. Laymance of Put
ting His Name to Checks— Poet in Trouble
HOTEL TH I EVES
ARE ARRESTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1904.
33
" ? 5 k f\ P\ U I fj 6 U TS ¥ \&r*&& i J « HALLS P.EINVIGORATOH
P-Jr Jl. 2L IV. J*mA *»/ Jv. H<> JL wL JL. SSa mlBf Ftoj s all losses and unnatural dis-
,„„___ g c ciiaiges In 21 hours. You feel an
•• -CI- RESPONSIBLE HOUiEi. VXPI improvement frcm the first dese.
«1 fiLOruilJlBiiii iivw^*-«. SQj B9W \v«. have »o much confidence tn our
.icislion, ~-r># Vvif* !!<;«¦? Mailai ui Ii* treatment that we cfter Five Hun-
• • ' CIl Application. tt-jRirrtPml noi cure. This secret remedy cures
j ¦ \on power, nightly emissions, wasted organ*.
— ...«-.» .»_.„,„ vancccele. KKet, strictures, kidneys, falling
. rSju23I A2TS SALT HEATB. memory, driin* In the urine, gonorrhoea. dl«-
• !IC |(hi'i.; t. rr\ Bbsptrfaz Batcherm, 104 ease cf the prostate glands and all other terri -
JAj. D'J I ill- C VJ. ciav T«l. Main 12»4. b!e rffectb of frlf-abuse or excesses, which lead
- ' on 10 consumption and death. Positively cures
••-„ ot-s the woret cases In oJd or young of that mortl-
: OI2.S. j ccndltion. quickness of the discharge, and
I.rr.P.ICATING OILS; LEONARD &. KLLIS. war^ JnK to do. and you can't. Rent sealed, fi
*418 Front tf... S. F. Phone Main IJl'J. r^ r bottlf. three bottles. $5- Guaranteed to
*, cure any case.
* ; ParS^mfO. Call or aitrr** orders HALL'S \ MEDICAL
"• /•' ni'r:ir~ ¦> rmivTn! INPTITVTK. KV> Broadway. Oakland, Cai.
l.X. FllGiiEb, rn bScST^* S. F. Also for «!« at 1073% Market st.. S. F. Send
mih^^^^^"i." 'ree book. - --. « -^ '^^ .
' V^f 3^ E E$3 ¦ t- Kj^ B @U«^«>3 ' Purely vecetable. mild and reliable. Causes
"'¦¦' Vi i E2. *'? ~, 4! UjNI U »T>'V v Tt? ! peri'.ct dic<.-.-:ion. c&rnplcie absorutiDn and
. U3 _fel LS r © • J2^ J$*\ healthful regularity.
v Bwypi ' yV ¦¦ l*r: :*r^c— 7-A -m.f^^yp^^ ' for t.^c cure of si! Citcrii'i-s of the. Stomach,
• ' M Liver. Uawe)^. Kidneys. CladUt". Female Ir- '
1 J.KADI^«G ri'HIN'F?R COLLF-^E OF THIC ''rfsufaritlre. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con- i
".VK.ST. C* "Pom %. £sr. Francirrcv Cai. ; rtii>atlnn. l'II» and all derarxements of . the
Ettnt.ii'h'-.'J 49 y0r Or.-n t— rir" •-'•r ' !r.««»r»ial Viscera. 2.V « b-u. At druRgUts or
• ViH« for U.*ltr 2 t.\ catal'-iue i.fiee). ti maii. K.VDWAY & CO.. New York.
• PATTOSIEN'S. |
| .When Furnishing a Home I
' q When furnishing a home visit our unique shop, as you will %
O find it to yov.r interest to do so. We can give you full infor- ©
q ..fnation rcj«irding the cccoratioa of your walls and ceilings, q
O ' the parquetry floors. Draperies, Lace Curtains, Furniture, O
q Rugs, Ranges and Stoves. We will furnish estimates also §
C for refinishing and upholstering Furniture. Experts sent O
.. to your liome for this purpose. Our corps of salesmen is §
© always at your service, whether you wish to purchase or not. ®
1 LAST WEEK OF THE fj
| Furniture,Draperies,Rugsi
O SAMPLE f UKMTURE PIECES TO BE CLOSED OUT. g I
o . e j
O Special Bargains in Fine Parlor Dining-Room Furniture. © j
•2-. Furniture. JSO.OO Mission Dinine Table... .324^0 § i
" g • SC.DO Parlor Bocfcir. sale price..$3.9O - 600 ° ak DIning 19 75 S !
m • 1 COO Parlor Hocker. sa!« price.. 6.50 40 00 Ocajron "oirire" Table" »
• 8.50 Parlor Rocker, uale price.. 5.50 v^thercd oak 32 no A
.. g . 5.4)0 Parlor Rocker, sale price. .3^0 25 00 Round Dinirg " ' Table S
• ; 6.00 Reception Chair, sale price 450 Wolden oak 26 25 2
.%B 14.00 Library Rookcr. sale price 9.25 ;o 00 Dining Table " niassiv'e ' 2
• Q. 12.00 nattnn Chair, sale price... 8.OO 6-Jn%h logs maSSUe> 15 00 ® '
• 7.50 Rattan Kockor. sale price. 5.OO 35.00 Go!d>n Oak Buffet" '.'.'.'.'. '. aaioo •!
O r.50 Baton corner Chair, sale 32.00 Golden Oak Buffet 26.25 ©
• •« «• tJ^*^ ', <• ««^« 45.00 Golden Oak Buffet 35.00©!
O. ?2-22E aror P, lv ? n ' sa , le price " ?2'S° 6.50 Arm Chair, golden oak.. 4.00 O I
O l l °2 nor Chair - e pnce - • - 14 - 00 8-50 Weathered Oak Arm Chair 5.60 ©
« 115.00 Davonport. mahugany. sale 10.00 Dining Chair, leather seat a
X pnce 85.00 and back 7.00 S
2 tl £° S ar J or C i i: - ir - P 1 ? Price. . .16.00 7.00 Dininc Chcir. box seat. . . 5.OO 2 !
O .5.00 Parlor Suit, o-piece. sale 4.50 Dining Chair, box seat. .. 3.OO 2 !
. O ' price 60.00 C. 50 Dining Chair, saddle seat 2.65 • t
O 4*00 Parlor Suit. 2-piece, sale S0 .00 Sideboard, mahogany . . . 74.50 • I
© '., . AT> pi i ire •¦,•; 30-0 ° s "» rac design in weathered oak. 68.00 © I
. q. i;c. 00 Parlor suit. 2-piece, ma- 75.00 Combination Buffet and ©
5 hogany, sale price 95.00 Sideboard 61.25 ©
© 5 = 5.00 Morris Char, mahogany. GOldCM UdK DfCSSCTS. ©
' !O sale price 816^0 ,„ , L ©I
d 50.00 U rria Chair, mahogany, ><*jrp»"^ v O
rt sale price 36.00 ixO^r ASk. ©I
'O 14.50 Morris Chair, weathered ffw* >y\i © ;
o nak. pale price 12.75 If Jr S /A A'
**¦ :* 00 :.' :¦ - R ' • r, >z l.'.^r. oak, // / J&%\ n a l
' 2 saJe Price 16.50 <*J'a,'S ' S
© r:. 00 Morris Chair. weathered il^Sr »52rJI\ Ji
;O : oak, tale price 17.50 |J' / && £i '\ '
o Bedroom Furniture. h i\@/ flj\ 2
? JJCO.OOCJolden Oak Salt, very /f y*T / fj \\ 2|
2 massive $111.00 tA >Cv Jf >a»(l
;© 85.00 Cheval Mirror, solid ma- U3?& >i^ &? (&7 2
1 i-2 ? hopany 61.5O j-^k " 2 ;
O 57.00 PririCess Dresser, bird's f ." ii 1 ll ©
<;©' eye maple 4855 -rTTiwii i __ .__ Jjl- ,jbi. .rrtil ©
d ii. 00 Dressing Table, bird's f^^^5^ r * < MBgyMWB5 t ©'
O eye maple 36.25 .^o d^' r a^*& o"*¥ m ©
C Dress r.g Table, mahog- j"5 _j~jJ'. ,.,,.,.tHl -3 Q
i, any 29.50 •?-' ~ " "^T? 0^™?!!!** 0^?" £ m
" -" DO Dresser, polden r.nk 64.50 f< -vt-'t* gf .,§' -S g
y :-- ¦¦¦ : ---r. bird's eye maple 67.75 =-^-/ Slt^/ il- £P 2
C 22.00 Dressing: Table, bird's |5 ||5 "3 ©
O eye maple 16.50 <*>¦ '" '¦'^rti n ¦y^>ci!_Emj<9. # ©
O r.00 Drorser, natural birch.. 43.25 vi -5=3 '-1 S ©
O ; incoss Dresser 17.50 Pif^J 5nJ T^ . ve} 1? ©
5 ! 7.V00 Walnut Suit 148^5 ft W Vl^~? $L fi> Q
2 IC.o.oi, Colonial Suit. ma!:opanyJ25X)0 W>.-.— *££ *:?* « X
. Jf* -J^OOOolden Oak Chiffonier.. 37.25 1 L" " H\\ ' Hi A X
' S SS.f'd Mahopany Chiffonier 29.25 » •*¦ "^t-.-^^ *» 2
v- "4. 0« Mahogany ChiSTonier 2623 H O iT3k AA L 2
© 22.00 Gnlricn Oak Chiffonier.. 17J5O P vVM»"" •
• O -¦ G : :• .-. Oak Chiffonier.. 21.50 y AtQ V ©
. © 1.21.00 Maple Chiffonier 17.00 ©
SS8.M Bird's Eye Maple Chif- Doun Town p rIcc> $ 42 .00 2
ZZ 00 Birf^ FvV XianlV <k*kl' This ver >' handsome, rich Goldon ©
ine Stand vsjaa Oak Dresser, made of selected quar- ©
O Ing Stand 25.OO ter . sawe< , oak> cabinet work and §
© T A V"T rTTDTATTTC nnnTrrnrr finish thf very best obtainable, lar^e O
S LACE CURTAIlO, PORTIERES, French bevel j>Iat« mirror, handsome- A
2 ly carved standards and highly pol- a
2: COUCH COVERS ished-sale price $2a00 g
© AND DRAPERY FABRICS MadC'Up RugS. §
O TO BE CLOSED OUT IN OUR j^^^^^ ©
g JANUARY CLEARANCE SALE |
,\ ' ' : • T - ¦~ r ' Curtains; x'alues up to • d^B 3 t/^tm £ M
r» ' "' " ' " ' ''' : : " r '- closed out f.t. -^fc r^y^y^ S©
""-* • rh, 75c. J 1 .00 and c i — *-\ ?^^ «— ' 3S 2
O , O*»it>vJ »g m | s^sgr ,gf^ ®
J* i : ; •'%'*:; ir lots Lace Curtains. 'rr-~-±^-.T^jci 5 2
X c " ' : : ¦•'• v : •' -• P '-" $15.00 a pair. W^VS^S^S&^^S^ S
O I to b« closed out r.r. pair. Jl.Oo! J?£^Z*g^&5&&i£g$i O
O Ji.50, J2.00, $3.00, up to <?o nn r^ t ©
a OO.UU Th*>se rugs are made up from the q
a " s-'1m t-^t-^' ' ¦' ',,!'%' r* . finest and choicest patterns of last r\
| Sfr^c^rfecTlV "^ S
2' l^ r '^ ] U tO t^n l ZT 1^ U X^'^ They a ' re mad% a ' 1 about one-half 2
Q-- J1.00. $2.0D. $3.00 up $0^.00 the regular price. *> O
O t0 0<;OlUU Some of the bargains: ©
ft Odd TIIREK pair l<?ts Lace Car- 8ize S:3xlO:6 Body Brussels. .818.50 O
t^ tait-.s. some very fine values up to Size S:3xlO:G Axminster 17.50 A
-L J25.00 a pair, all to be closed out at. Size 8:3x12 Body Brussels. . 2O.OO a
2 "a Pair. $1.50. 52.50. Off* (\f\ Size 9:4x12 Wilton Velvet.. 25.00 a
g . ?3.5i». up to O«V - * J *-' SizeS:3xll Roxbury 16.00 ;?
c 2' BEAUTIFUL NEW MERCERIZED Size S:3xlO:<5 Wilton Velvet.. 16 50 •
2 SILK PORTIERES— In all the popu- Size 8:3x10 :« Brussels 13.50 ©
© lar two-tow shades. Plain -land flg- Size 4:6x6:10 Axminster 7.50 2
9 ured rentpns. heavily fringed. Repru- Siz» 3:9x6:9 Axminster 6.OO ©
O lar price $12.00; sale price SS.3O f f Jze 6 f* \ elvet ......... 9.00 ©
r% Many other sizes and qualities. q
g Great Values in One-Pair Lots to QEBMAW AoanjrsTEB B uos. ©
O- Close OuL I>oor Mat Size, regular price ©
'O" 17.00 Values, cale price $4.50 $1.00; Bale price 55c •
A 12^0 Vdn«a sale price 750 German Axminster. 9x12 rug. .$12.75 Q
CJ 2ft 00 Values, sale price ..12.50 price J1S.50.) a
a 30.00 Values, sale price \7£O 200 Granite Art Squaees, 9x7:6. 2.OO a
G . 9x3... 2.50 2
O A f*w rpocial it»>ir» tv« •wish to cio»* 9x10:6 3.00 *
• O out quick •wjli b«> marked at one-half and Vxl2 4 CO ®
: g °^g£r?%££: sui^u „.««« yo 5 u r It c f r 1 r r et for crumb cloVh to saVe S
2 porttelM. lATnhr«3uins. table ccvers ani > our car Pei-
© varirm»< ot.V-r 7>ur7>^*s. valur^s _up to 45c SJffTKITA SUGS. 2
O a Y*ri. ¦Rhil* they Iart at. a Qg^; Pize2:<!x5 Rup $2.50 •
• q r»r<l « .— **w gizft 26-inch Rug 1.75 2
«j Tour choice of 20 different desipris gj ze 24-inch Rug 1.00 ©
O Figured China Silk. Good assortment size 3:6 Hug 2.75 ©
• ?ri^ 1OrS; UP . tO . J1 - 25 . P ZcV^&l IUM.UP CABPZT BUQS. • - %
.§- Cotton and S.k TapestHes. v. **£ ©
, % lours, suitable for portieres and i lo «,_j_ nil * nattprns ®
g v-.anpir.p8. «l~^ar **™^J£»%- m C slze9xf A xminst^r Carpet Ru & .«9.25 ©
O Ing; value up to 54 00 por y"*-J**« Size 8x6 Wilton Velvet Rug. . ..8.00 ©
¦ g Price Por yard 40c acd opward Sjzp Tape str y Brussels .. . . 5.25 ©
X -— 1 SizellxS:3 Tapestry Brussels. .10.75 a
5? CATALOCt'ES Size 11xR:3 Wilton Velvet Rug. .13^0 Z
© _ l -r t mi *^» Size 12x10:6 Velvet Rup 18J0 5
©" Oar beautiful illustrated Size 1 2x1 0:<5 "Wilton Velvet Rup.22.50 •
8 Furniture Catalozue. the lax- Size 12x10:6 Tapestry Brussels. 16.25 •
gest ever published on the AXZtirrSTEB HUGS. 2
2 Coast, will be sent FREE for Samples slightly soiled at one-half «
© »v» yJVrit^ for it- regular price. x
G the asking, wnte tor it, Size. 6x3. ....$2.95;Size 10:6x8:3..$14.75 2
|PATT05IEN CO.!
2 Cor. 16th and Mission Streets. S
••5 ©
oQe9330eGCoe99ooee9de<?@oeoooeQGeo9©eo&o©e©©9©
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Monday, January 25th,
i - i
SEASON
e^t i O i^% *£
" * V^ "^T
FRENCH CHIFFON
FOULARDS
<<^ 'Prices && £T+ and upward ">
-^^^
DressmaKing to Order — Top Floor.
Young Ladles' Gowns and Trousseaux a Specialty.
In addition, respectfully announce
SECOND WEEK
OF
China, Furniture, Bronzes, Etc.
C0R.P0ST5KCARHr St3a
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
Prices thrown to the wind on all
SUITS, COATS, WAISTS, SKIRTS
. Don't fall to read these wonderful bargains:
DRESSES FOR $10.00, $12.00, $15.00.
Fine all-wool Dresses, nt to wear any place. "Waists silk lined, and
stylish cut skirts. Lots of styles and colors. They have sold for
82O.OO. 825.OO and $27.00
DRESSES FOR $17.50,. $20.00, $22.50.
Elegant tailor-made, straight front Coat Dresses. Coat silk lined:
: skirts the latest cut." Lots of plain and fancy cloths. Guaranteed all
: wool. Have sold for $35.00 «nd S-IO.OO
JACK -TS FOR $5.00, $7.50, $10.00.
All-wool cloths, best satin lined. In a large assortment of styles.
Jackets that have sold for 81O.OO. 812.50 and 818.00.
DRESS SKIRTS FOR $5.00.
All-wool cheviot, silk-trimmed and plain. All lined throughout—
the latest cat.
felDERDOWN SACQUES AND ROBES.
$2.00 Eiderdown Bacques, all wool. Now 75c
$6.00 Eiderdown Robes, with cords *2 75
WAIST WONDER .
A lot of 3 S. 40 and 42 sizes in flna Flannel Waists — assorted) shades
that have sold as high as $4.00. To close out SI 25
. Blacks and all colors in fine all-wool Cloth Waists, finished with
white pearl buttons, tailor-made. Now. to close out 82 2S
All our $5.00. $6.00 and $7.00 heavy fine quality Vesting Waist* —
tins season's best styles. To close out 1.82.73
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| B, KATSGHINSKI I
; Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
| 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.' I
; Adjoiniafr Call Buildinj?. H
| MEN'S SHOES ALMOST GIVEN AWAY 1
H Ever wear Congress Gaiters? B
n Well, if you have you know how M
M eawsy they are pulled on and no Bj
H trouble to lace or .button. We have B
H on hand some great values in H
Bj Congress, but as the lines are R
H broken we wish to dispose of them ||
B before taking stock, and will sell c
!J thorn cheaper than old Shoes could H
fj be repaired. Men's Calf Con- I
¦ gress (Jalters. broad and narrow H j
|1 toes, plain or with tips. McKay Q !
H sewed and welted soles; sold regu- ra
ej larly from $3.00 to $5.00. But to E
H clear thorn out WILL SELL AT H
J 90c A PAIR. We have the fol- H
P lowing sizes: y
3 A width 5»i Ui 7»a D width 10 to 11U M
H B width B to 0 K width' 10 to 11 ¦ fti
B| C width 6 to S^s " EE width 9 to 12 fl
1 Bronze Kid Oxfords 1
a Daintiness of style; something I
¦I extra swell and attractive. La- . H
H dies' Finest Bronze Kid Oxfords, H
H with cloth tops, and Vici Kid Ox- M
N fords, with kid tops; up-to-date h
I toes; hand-turned soles and V
I French heels. THE PRICE BE- ¦
I DUCED TO 01.35- Sizes 3 to f
I 7H- Widths AA to D. ¥3
I- Ladies' Vici Kid Lace |
Don't overlook this chance. La- B
dies' Fine Vici Kid Lace Shoes. II
cloth and kid tops; coin toes and n
tips; hand-turned, welted or Me- H
Kny sewed soles. . Shoes manufac- P
tured by tho Pingreo Shoe Co,; H
Siebe Shoe Co. ;-J. J. Lattemann, la
WicJiert & Gardiner and Val Du- H
tenhoffer, and sold regularly from H
$3.00 to $5.00. But all bunched to-sfj
gether AND OFFERED AT H
Sl.:«r» A PAXB. Sizes 2^ to 8.' U
Widths AAA to EE. H
Children's Kid Shoes j]
We won't overlook the little II
ones, "so will offer parents, a H
chance to buy Shoes cheap. Chil- H
dren's Imperial Kid Lace and But- f
ton Shoes; <;oin and square toes H
ra and ' tips: hand-turned soles and 13
i spring heels. PBICE REDUCED ll
I TO 40c? A PAXB. Sizes: AH
; width.-S to 8; B width. 5 .to" 8; C Id
i width. \Vi tp S; D width. 6 to 8; H
I E width; 7»/i and 8, and EE width. Eg
I 7 and 7%. ra
IB. KATSGHINSKI I
|- Philadelphia, Shoe Co. 1
B — 10 THIBD Sli, San Francisco. HHusband ( n an aside to his wife) ?
If you can't think of some more anec
dotes of our children's smartness let's
go home right away, for they're get
ting ready to tell us things about their
own.— Baltimore American.
Court Consents to Sale of Stock.
Judge .Murasky made an order yes
terday-dissolving a court order re
straining: the Golden Gate. Power
Company . from selling 14.996 shares
of stock in the company alleged to be
the property of H. F. Lang. Lang op
posed the sale of the stock on the
ground that when it came into his
possession it was understood that It
was non-assessable, and that therefore
its sale to -pay an assessment was il
legal. He did not prove his chares
B.F.Stoll. aentist: iia.^nt & Masonic aT.»
Some very swell wedding Invitations coxa*
from Knowles. 2* Second street. Main 508. •
President Sbarbaro of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association sent
a telegram to Congressman W. P. Hep
burn yesterday expressive of the satis
faction of the business men of this
State over the introduction of the pure
food bill in the House of Representa
tives and its^ subsequent passage by
that body. Congressman Hepburn is
congratulated over the success of the
measure and assured of the earnest
appreciation of the producers of thrs
State.
Congratulates Hepburn.
The committee Representing the
groves of the United Ancient Order of
Druids of thi3 city that is making ar
rangements for the memorial service
to' be held in Golden Gate Hall next
"month has decided that tl.o following
shall be the order of exercises in
memory of those members who passed
away during the preceding twelve
months:
Funeral march from "Saul," orchestra- in
vocatKm by Rev. \V. M. Bourg. a member Sf
the order; -Lord'* Prayer," quartet- intr£diip
K- re^rern^ y r N °^ e °.^l« S
Berk. Eternal Goooness," quartet- nd<iro«a
by Eueene E. Schmlti. a' member of thV or
der: -Be Thou Faithful Unto Death " n M
Lawrrac*; callinj th e roll of the members who
passed away. Grand Secretary Martlnon": "I
Hear a Voice From Heaven," quartet- "rt
Lord. Be Merciful," Mis. Julia iohn^oni ora?
tion. Emil Pohll: "Nearer Home " auartxt
recitation. "The Isle of Lo nK Aw."*Mn. In«
Garrison: "Come Unto Me." Alfred Wilkie
eulr.^-. w. J. Demartinl of Manzanita Grove'
adatdo from the "Hynjn of Praise." orchestra 1
benediction and the sinelnc of "America "
Exercised to Be Held in Golden Gate
Hnll In Remembrance of the
Dead.
ADAMS* Irish Moss Coush Balsam helpa
from the first doee. cures in a day. 23c. 50c •
SOLE3IN SERVICE TO MARK
THE DRUIDS' MEMORIAL DAY
It is estimated by the Treasury De
partment that the exports of the United
States for the current year will reach
thegrrat total of $1,500,000,000.
• Reduced rate* on lioueehold goods to tc from
th« Enit & South. 3ekin>, II Montgomery et. •
Pacific Parlor of the Native Sons of
the* Golden West has appointed the
following named a committee to ar
range for a minstrel show to be given
by the parlor in Native Sons' Hall on
the evening of February 15: T. P.
Martin, chairman; George G. Fraser.
secretary: J- F « Cannon, A. F. Wil
liams. W. J. Locke, E. J. Lynch, J. F.
Shcehan, J. A. Black, G. A. Marshall,
press committee; R. A. Morton, R. M.
Roche, C..L. Quast. E. Schneider, G.
S. Gould and S. W. Dixon. The mem
bers of the parlor expect to give a
show that has never been equaled In
this city by any fraternal organization.
Pacific Parlor's Show.
' Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and nenralsia.
Druggists. 60c Haek. Richard & Co.. 406 Cl«y. #
M. Emile Labarthe, advocate in the
Court of Apncals in Paris, will deliver
an Interesting addrens on the -modern
trend in France, after which Mme.
Fichter will sing Tosti's "XinaY" M.
Paul Genparo, a well-known musician
who has won many prizes at grand con
certs in Paris, will play a flute solo.
M. K. Penez will be hoard in comic
selections, and the entertainment v.ill
close with a one-act comedy. A large
audience is expected.
The French Alliance of this city will
grive an elaborate entertainment at
;Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street, on
Monday evening. January 25. The en
tertainment-will be conducted by, a
committee carefully chosen and is
looked forward to with great expecta
tion.
Made for an Affair at Golden
Gate Hall.
Elaborate Prcpa rat Ions Arc* Rein;
EVTERTA! XMEXT PROPOSED
BY THE FUKXCII ALLIANCE
A short programme of first-class
ballads and music has been arranged
to precede the lecture, which will be
held in the Alhambra Theater on next
Wednesday evening. Carrie Roma
will appear In the best Irish melodies
and there will also be readings from
the choicest of Yeats* poems and
dramas. He will lecture at Berkeley
University on Wednesday and at Stan
ford on Friday. Mr. Yeats* stay will
be very brief, as he has engagements
in the East prior to his return to Ire
land. Tickets for his lecture may be
had at room 87, Flood building.
William Butler Yeats, the distin
guished young poet and orator of the
Celtic revival, will receive an 'enthu
siastic reception in San Francisco.
Seldom has the visit of a man of let
ters been expected with such deep in
terest. The Irish race regards him as
its great leader and representative in
the world of letters. Those who have
read his works or the comments of the
t ritics wish to see and hear the young
prophet of the mystic literature of the
Celt.
IVosramnip of Ballads and Instru
mental Music to Precede His
I>cclnre at the Alhambra.
WILLIAM BUTLER YEATS'
VISIT EXCITES INTEREST
and Judge Murasky dissolved tlie or
der he Issued upon the flllnjr of Lang's
complaint.
I am not* going to talk about the arttetfc
and educational value »f municipal Improve
ment. I am talklne on the money value of
beauty as applied to city life. Take Union
Square as a practical example. The location
and «oil are' no better now than they have
alawys been, but every parcel of property
facing: the nquare has advanced many thou
sands In sclllns Price, because some enterpris
es public spirited citizens erected a monu
ment in the center of it and the city authori
ties put the care of th? square into the hands
of the Pnrlc Commission and under Super
intendent McLaren's «ur>*rvlsion. Both move
ments Rave raid we IK in dollars and cents,
and so will every other atttmpt to better con
ditions here.
The whole intent cf the model city is to
show metropolitan and civic activities Instead
of raw product*. I>os Angeles and Seattle are
each bidding for public favor. One aims at
the tourist trade and the other lays claim to
being the greatest shipping pofnt on the coast.
We have only to make the efMSrt to hold our
supremacy, but we cannot afford to be unrep
resented »t Pt. TjohSs.
Now the finance committee does n^t wish
to resort to hegsln* and coaxing the business.
money and landed Interests here to subscribe
the funds needed. This is not a case of help
ing anybody b»t them^lves. It will pay In
every sense of the word to make the exhibit
planned, and the firm? and individuals ap
pealed to directly should answer as promptly
as nosslbie and as eenerously as they can.
San Francisco Is just hsirinnlnn to wake up
to her possibilities as a commercial and resi
dence -city and cannot afford to ignore any
good opportunity to benefit herself.
A PRACTICAL. EXAMPLE.
ista and wealthy, pteasure-l<rv!n* classes, who
must leave their own homes to escap# either
the heat of summer or th* cold of winter.
San Francisco has an Ideal location and
rurroundlngs for a gn:> winter and summer re
sort. If -we- have convention halls and suitable
hotel accommodations it will In time b« the
convention city of America.
PLAN TO REPRODUCE UNION FERRY
DEPOT AT THE ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
No Difficulty in Raising
of Funds Is Ex
pected.
Space Allotted in Attract
ive Part of World's
Fair Grounds.
• Frederick H. Colburn, assistant sec
retary and manager of the San Fran
cisco exhibit at the St. Louis World's,
Fair, has received a telegram from
Howard J. Rogers, who is acting In the
place of Secretary Reeves during the
temporary absence of the latter, which
states that satisfactory space for a
San Francisco building has been re
served. The telegram urges Mr. Col
burn to forward the designs as soon
as possible and states that further In
structions will be sent by mail. v
W« will need only $50,000 to carry out tat
entire plan and there Is 120,000 in tight now.
All I ask Is that ths business men of this city
shall understand exactly what the finance and
display committees are trying to do.
CHOICE IiOCATIOX.
In the first place San Francisco li the only
Pacific Coast city that is invited to erect a
building: In the model street, which is situated
at tho main entrance to the fair grounds and is
four blocks Ions. Next to It Is the Pike, or
Midway, with all its novelties and attractions,
and the exposition managers are determined
that the model street shall be one of the
greatest features of the fair. It will be Im
possible to pass through the main entranoa
without seeing the San- Francisco building.
The projected San Francisco build
ing will cost $50,000. Of this the Super
visors have agreed to appropriate
$15,000, an* the remainder can easily
be raised by popular subscription. The
banks, real estate firms and other
large corporations are already sending
in large contributions. It is planned
to model the structure after the new*
ferry depot.
"The chance of her municipal life
time" is the way Colburn sums up the
advantages to this community of^the
special building and exhibit proposed:
He said yesterday:
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL/ SUNDAY. JANUARY 24, 1901.
In some ways this city will »how up well,
especially In our Fire Department, street rail
ways, ferry, telephone and water systems. The
exposition management advised the selection
of the ferry building an a typical water depot,
¦which they very truthfully say is the best of
its kind in the United States. San Francisco
should make a strong bid for two., classes of
investors. One is the manufacturer, who looks
to supplying the future Oriental and Pacific
Coast. Central American, Mexican and Alaskan
trade. . The shipping men. too, are '. vitally ¦ttv*
terested In our harbor facilities, but by far the
greatest number to be catered to are the tour-
PROPOSED SAN FRANCISCO
BUILDING AT THE ST.
LOUIS EXPOSITION.
34
ADVEB.TISF.TYTR NTS.
Oriental Goods
: At Wholesale Prices
' ' Wa Offer Cmx 3Satlra £ztx» Tla» CoJ.
1 Icctlsm of
j AND CURTAINS
j AU5 Per Cent !
? —
| Wa ar« sola agent* for
{ JOHN CROSSLEY & SOJTS
1 CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
;Chas.M.Plnm&Co.
I Cor. 9th and Market Sts. I
* '\: •"
m >^^>-^»
RROSrfOMPANY "
We are again in our build-
Market and 10th Streets
with a clean, up'- to -date
stock of vehicles.
y\ Eyeglasses M
I r and j^j
H Spectacles u
I -
ASTHMANOLA
la the only cur© for • Nervoua and
. Bronchial ASTHaSA*
Tour Droxelat or at Sun HAIGHT ST..
San Francisco. Cal.
AEIVERTIEEMENTS.
OOCOCOOOSOCGOOQOOCeotO
• Best Dry, White 1
• Granulated |
| I
S 5
O WITH ANY OF OUR ©
J COMBINATION ORDERS. ©
I G. T. JONES & CO. |
• An Up-to-Date Mail Order ©
g House. •
• 2 and 4 CALIFORNIA ST., |
9 Corner Market. - 2\
• SAN FRANCISCO. •
• •
BBHBBBBBBaBBHaBBBBBBBBBiiiBBBBBHBaiBBHBBaBHBBBBHBBIIBaBBBBBBaBaaBBHBaBB!
5 ¦ ¦ t ¦ : ' ' «
S ' R
S ¦* ¦ : ¦ ¦¦
¦ • ¦ ¦ . ¦ B
¦ - - B !
B " ¦ ¦ • - 'Si
S ¦ - . . -¦ " ' ¦ ' ' ¦ B i
a Of 1 his Season s g
| COM/WE NOES |
U£S!BDBBQBBE]aBSEaCCBnBgBHHESflBBeESeHaSigE3ISaaEBBaBBBBIBaBQiaHBHEasaQQEISE£°
AJVEBTISEMENTS. *
' . * / ' ' ¦
==THIS WEEK===
On flonday, January 25th, and con-
tinuing all through this week, we will
have on sale full lines of the following
EXTRA VALUES:
60-INCH BASKET WEAVE CHEVIOTS In thS fOllOfflnff
colorings; Green, NaYU, Brown, Rogal, Cardinal and
Marine. These ooods are veru suitable fop Military
and Outing Suits, Pries SI.OO Yard
56-INCH DEVONSHIRE SUITINGS In all the New Mixed
Tweed Effects. Veru deslrahie for Tailor Made and
Outing Suits. Price -.....$1.50 Yard
60-INCH BLACK ENGLISH VENETIAN. BLACK BASKET
. WEAVE CHEVIOT, BLACK AMAZON CLOTH and
BLACK ENGLISH HOPSACKING. Prlce.SI.OO Yard
50-inch colored AMAZON CLOTH, extra flne-<iual-
itu, -in shades of Blue, Brown, Green, Tan, Grau and
•Cardinal. Price SI.OO Yard
WHITE MARSEILLES BED SPREADS, extra h33Yn
duality; size suitable for large heds and veru hand-
some designs Pf ice S3.5O Each
EXTRA LARGE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
horders assorted. Price S4.25 Pair
'gfc' rj Ke*ul»r Vain*. S9.OO.
Our Special Sale Satin Rlhhons, Remnants SHKs, Rem-
nants Embroideries, and Ladles' Muslin Underwear
will be continued all this week.
TS T i^"\ T* TT Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
1 nw I sljJ A! I orders for samples or goods filled
— and shipped same day they are received.
ilj, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Clearance Safe of
Children's White and
Coflorec! Dresses
\ A^?s 6 MonthS'to 7 Years
• We announce that to-morrow, at 9 a. m., we will
i place on sale our entire line of CHILDREN'S
! WHITE csid COLORED WASH DRESSES,
WOOLEN DRESSES, SAILOR SUITS, BOYS'
j WHITE KILTS and COLORED BLOUSES;
J brolxn sizes, which embrace hundreds of desirable
styles, trimmed in as many different ways. An un-
; equaled opportunity of procuring reliable garments
of our own manufacture ; correct styles : superior
make and finish.
The price of each garment is marked down to less than
the dctu<'l cost of manufacture.
LOT 1 — CHILDREN'S COLORED \VASH DRESSES:
sizes 6 months to 7 vears: made of jri'<iKham and CAa
percale. Former price 75c. SALE PRICE JWW
LOT 2—CHILDREN^S COLORED WASH SAILOR
SUITS: rr.nxic of plain 2nd striped percale: ?izes 4 *7C^»
to 7 years. Former price $1.50. SALE PRICE.. ¦ 3^
LOT .1— CHILDREN'S WHITE LAWN DRESSES:
lonp-waisfed effect: sizes 4 to 7 years; daintily trimmed
with insertions :niJ embroideries; neatly tucked. QO/»
Former prices S1.85 and $2.00. SALE PRICE.. 7V/C
LOT J--CHILDKEXS WHITE PIQUE GUIMPE
DRESSES: front and back box plaited; collar, sleeves and
belt inserted v.-ith embroidery; sizes 3 to 7 fl*^ 1Q
years. Former price $4.00. "SALE PRICE.. $u.U
LOT ?— CinLDREX'S WOOLEN DRESSES: empire
style: made of all-wool cashmere: red and navv; sizes
6 month- to 2 vears. Former price $^.00. tf* •% CA
SALE PRICE :..:. $1.3U
LOT 6— CHILDREN'S WOOLEN DRESSES: a vast va-
rietv broken sizo. rantrinR: from 1 to .s vears: effectively
> hemstitcr.ed. plaited am! trimmcl with lace^. Q!2 f\f\
i Former prices $4.soto $4.85. SALE PRICE.. *pO.\J\J
•LOT 7-CHILDREXS FRENCH GUIMPE DRESSES
: made of all-woo] cashmere: several colors: prettily em-
broidered in cotrtrasting shades: sizes .^ to 7 vears.
Fcrmer prices $4.50 to $5.50. SALE ff 1 ) or
TRICE tp&.Ot?
LOT S-CHILDREVS UNDERSLIPS: broken sizes:
made <>( nink. blue a;'d white lawn. Former prices 5C_ •
75c and $:^)o. SALE PRICE 03C
Other styles of CHILDREN'S WHITE and COLORED
DRESSES in washable and woolen materials, more elab-
l oratelv trimmer!, ranging in price from $5.00 to $18.00.
::°. w . :.: :::::::::::.::::::: : : :$2.50 to $10.00
I FINaL CLEARANCE SALE I
! ; This Week Throughout Every Depart-
ment.
9/8- 322 MARKET £TTHE foreign competition In export trade crows fiercer. All the
leading countries of the world are working for a larger share
of the export trade. This Is no mere assertion. No one who
reads the commercial reports, the official statements and the
popular literature of the business nations of the world can fail to
notice the increased competition in export trade. The American
people have standardized their bnsiness interests, have raised the
efficiency of their manufacturing plants, have multiplied their trans
portation facilities and have taken many strides of commercial
5 progress. And yet the consular service dealing directly with export
trade is ruled by laws nearly fifty years old. In order to keep
pace with our own commercial progress, in order to offset the ag
gressive action of forel&rn traders, the American Government must
raise its consular service to a higher standard of efficiency, a stand
ard that may only be reached th* rough recognition of merit and in
dependent selection. — From report of William M. Bunker, Washington
representative of the Chamber o f Commerce.
PRESIDENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CHAMBER OF COMMERCE, WHO PRESIDED AT THE ANNUAL BAN
QUET GIVEN BY THAT ORGANIZATION LAST NIGHT AT THE PALACE HOTEL, AND TWO OF THE
PROMINENT SPEAKERS. :
Continued on Page 37, Column l.
Continued on' Pazc 37, Column 1.
Frank Batturs, who leaves Tuesday
for New Orleans, where he is to take
th« position of assistant general pas
pengor agent of the Southern Pacific
Company's Atlantic system, was sur
rounded yesterday by the chiefs and
attaches of the local passenger depart
ment as he was about to leave the of
fice and' presented wjth a beautiful
giold watch, fob and seal.
The tok*>n of esteem from his old
associates was presented to him by
General Passenger Agent T. H. Good
man, who, in a short speech, referred
to Batturs' rise in the service of the
Southern Pacific Company and his ap
preciated ability as a rate clerk.
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O.
McCormick also paid a tribute to Bat
turs and joined with those present in
wishing him success in his future fields
of labor. '¦-, -'-\~~.-
To-morrow evening the passenger
snen of th»* other railroad offices in
the city win give Battura a dinner at
the Occidental Hotel,
LOCAL RAILROAD CLERKS
HONOR FRANK BATTURS
and influential part in the new period
of our country's commercial develop
ment. . I know it is fully alive to its
opportunities and is utilizing the nat
ural advantages of the great resources
of the Pacific Coast to make San Fran
cisco the entrepot of Asiatic and isles
of- the Pacific trade, as New York la In
the Atlantic Ocean."
After the reports of the president, the
secretary and Commissioner Bunker
had beeri, read, the chairman introduced
Frank J. Symmes, president of the
Merchants' Association, who delivered
a very happy address.
WHAT MR. SYM3EES SAID.
There were flashes of epigram In the
remartcs of the speaker. "Your field,"
he said, addressing President Newhall;
"is the world; ours is. tne city. The
task of the Merchants' Association, is
to keep San Francisco's streets clean.
When that is accomplished it may
clean the City Hall. But, after all,
perhans-the work of the Merchants'
Association is the greater one. The re
cent action of the City Board of Health
in removing employes without regard to
the civil service may have been indica
tive of what was planned for other de
partments, and. I am glad to have been
assured by the health board that it did
not intend to violate the law."
Mr. Symmes then expressed the
opinion that South America offers a
vast field for San Francisco's mercan
tile enterprise. The trade down there
is controlled by England and Germany,
but California could obtain a profitable
share of 1 1 by going after it in the
proper way. .
GOVERNOR BRADY TAUK.S.
The chairman then called upon Gov
ernor John G. Brady of Alaska to ad
dress the assemblage,' and the grizzled
territorial executive got a very hearty
reception when he arose In response.
He told of Alaska's business experience
and home life, and when he incidentally
mentioned that five children had been
born to him In the far north, President
Newhall occasioned a* laugh by remark
ing that he was ; the sort of a man
President Roosevelt is proud of. After
reviewing Alaska's history to consid
erable length, the Governor spoke
glowingly of the territory's resources.
He emphasized the statement -that
Alaska's /wealth lies in the certainty
of its moisture. The fisheries alone, he
declared, yielded enough income last
year to equal the original sum paid
by. the United States to Russia for the
territory. : Then he boldly accused San
Francisco of . slumbering and allowing
Seattle to grab; the trade of Alaska;
and the accusation, so. far from being
resented, evoked applause.
GEXERAL CHIPMAX'S IDEAS.
General X.' P. Chipman. president of
the State: Board of Trade, talked of
the valuable resources of Northern
California and what Is being done to
advertise them. The people of the
East, he said, are Just beginning to
understand and appreciate the desir
able home-making facilities that ex
ist in Central and Northern Califor
nia. . . .
President A. Sbarboro of the Man
ufacturers' and Producers'. Associa
tion .discussed . the, wine. industry. He
said' the art of aging wine had been
mastered in this" State, and that Is
one cause of the great success that is
now following viticulture. ; California
wines ore growing in favor abroad,
and the pure food law recently passed
by Congress is keeping out much adul
terated vintage from France and Ger
many and correspondingly populariz
ing the California product 'In the
East. ; Sixty, per cent of the French
wines sent to this country never came
from a vineyard, he asserted. "and Cal
ifornia is -supplying the world with
wines that cannot be beaten for pur
ity.. -•.
"Not champagne," suggested Pres
ident .Newhall. .- <
- v Not.'yet,'V was the auick answer. '
FOR3EER PRESIDEXT CRAIG.
Hugh Craig, a former president of
the .Chamber of Commerce, reviewed
the history of the organization and
told of some of the good works per
formed - by 1 it. He spoke of the time
when Market street, was a toll road
and when many of the wharves were
owned by private corporations, and
then he deplored the existence of what
he termed \the ' pilotage . mono_poly.
"Compulsory pilotage,"., he said, "must
be abolish*^ even at the risk of hav
ing ourselves accused of socialism, for
it Is retarding our port commerce."
Then he ; talked of the Panama canal
and : awoke ' a ¦ hurricane of plaudits by
alluding^ to President Roosevelt '. and
Secretary Hay. as the men of the hour,
who have done whatthe civilized world
has been expecting to be done for four
centuries. He predicted an early day
when the chamber will be 'confronted
with the question of 'municipal owner
ship of water, lights and street rail
ways, and he hoped "the chamber would
face the questions manfully. - •
. At the conclusion of Mr. Craig's ad-
One hundred and twenty-five
members of the San Francisco Cham
ber of Commerce and a number of in
vited guests attended the seventh an
nual banquet" of that organization last
evening in the Marble room of the
Palace Hotel. It was the most repre
sentative gathering of the city's mer
cantile elements on record, nor was
there ever a more interesting series of
post-prandial talks of the subject of
trade, despite the fact that several
distinguished .gentlemen who had
promised to be present and contribute
to the oratory sent last-minute ' mes
sages of regret at inability- to fulfill
their promise.
President George A. Newhall occu
pied the center of the board and close
to him were Vice Presidents B. R. Di
mond and C. H. Bentley, Secretary E.
Scott and Trustees Frank L. Brown",
W. J. Dutton, J. A. Folger, William Lu
Gerstle, Rufus P. Jennings, "W. D.
Loveland, William H. Marston,
Thomas Richard, Jamas .Rolph Jr.,
Henry Rosenfeld. James B. Smith and
William R. Wheeler. Among the
other gentlemen flanking the president
were Professors Bernard Moses and
Carl C. Plehn of the University of
California; Charles H. Spear, presi
dent of the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners: N. P. Chipman, presi
dent of the California State Board of
Trade; Frank J. Symmes, president of
the San Francisco Merchants' Associa
tion; A. A. Watkins, president of the
Board of Trade of San Francisco; A.
Sbarboro, president of the -Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association,
and H. D. Loveland, president of the
Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Manufac
turers' Association. Governor John
G. Brady of Alaska was one of the
speakers and most interested auditors.
The banquet hall was most artistic
ally decorated and the menu was on a
par with the dinners served at the Pal
ace. From 6:30 till 9 o'clock the viands
occupied attention and then President
Newtiall opened the oratory by, wel
coming, the' guests and quoting mes
sages of regret from President Benja
min Ide Wheeler of the University df
California, President David Starr Jor
dan of Stanford University and United
States Senator George C. Perkins. The
last named wired from Washington
these words:
"Please accept my hearty congratu
lations and best wishes for each mem
ber' of the Chamber of Commerce as
sembled at its annual .banquet. | The
organization Uf taking a prominent
Men That Are Conversant With California's Mercantile Needs
and Possibilities Give Expression to Ideas.
Much Interest was manifested dur
ing tha reading of the report of Wil
liam M. Bunker, the chamber's rep
resentative. at Washington. The tell
ing points of Mr. Bunker's exhaustive
document were quickly noted and
demonstratively approved. This is
the report in full: «
WASHINGTON', D. C. Jan. 12, 1904.— To
the Honorable President. Board of Trustees and
Members of the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco — Gentlemen: The Washington Bu
reau of the chamber begins Its third year un
der flattering auspices. The finished work
speaks for Itself. The future offers larger op
portunities. The bureau Is the natural eequel
to previous prompt action by the chamber ad
ministration. It Is only one link In a long
chain of events. The past and the present
may be pertinently Joined. The broad and
strong foundations of the San Francisco com
merce A to-day were at least' partially laid
by the Chamber of Commerce of San Fran
cisco. The home record* and the files at
Washington chow that the chamber has fairly
earned Its power and prestige. The commer
cial history of California is the history of the
chamber. Chamber Initiatives have succeeded.
The chamber was the first • to properly ap
praise the American-Asiatic trade. It forced
the fact* to the front. These same fact*
affect the trade Issues of to-day. The present
president of the chamber and his associated
trustees eaw the impending changes in Asiatic
trade. While -oublic men were discussing tb»
effect on the Pacific Coast of th* Trans-Siberian
Railway . and were needlessly alarmed the
chamber arranged an official Inspection of the
Trans-Siberian route. It Initiated a study of
the new transportation facilities. It planned
a commercial reconnolsance of Northeastern
Asia. A* the representative of th» chamber I
had the honor and the privilege of studying
commercial conditions In .China. Japan and
Siberia and later following the lines of trade
between Asia and Europe. The inquiry Into
the Asiatic trade Involved Interviews with
consular representatives and a special study
of trade In Northern China and Eastern Si
beria Public Interest centered In Northern
China and Eastern Siberia. These regions
were the . first beneficiaries of the Trans-
Siberian Railway. The records of the cham
ber ahow that Its reports of Asiatic trade
conditions were fair, full and faithful. The
Astatic demand for American breadstufCs. the
demand for American merchandise and the
results' that would follow Russian tariff
changes were discussed In detail. The neces
sity of officially' safeguarding American trade
In the Russian-Asiatic region was aggres
sively demonstrated. The several reports made
to the chamber were later circulated officially
by the Washington authorities. In view of.
the Dolitlcai and commercial, crisis in Man
. churla and the changes that threaten Ameri
can trade in Northeastern Asia It la distinctly
appropriate that the work of the chamber In
promoting, protecting and exploiting trade In
terests should be borne in mind.
The chamber went to the very foundation
of American trade with that portion of Siberia
directly, tributary to the Pacific Coast. The
facts and the figures were presented in 1S39.
Up to that time no one had taken a trade cen
sus of Eastern Siberia. In one of the reports
Issued by the chamber the commercial anJ
vital statistic* of Vladivostok. Khabarovsk,
Blagovestchensk. _ Stretylnsk and other cities
and towns of Eastern Siberia were printed In
the Englteh language for the first time. The
business of each place . was studied and
classified. The social facts relating to trade
'and figures covering the industrial activities
were, through the chamber, presented to the
American public. Incidentally the value of
consular reform was emphasized and the ad
vanced views of the chamber were fortified.
CONSULAR REFORM.
The chamber was one of the first commercial
organizations to stand for consular service re
form. The vast foreign trade of San Fran
cisco widened the horizon of this commercial
community and showed , the necessity for a
more practical consular service. The service
has been bettered>ln the last few years. The
service Is better to-day than It was a year
ago. But the service will not meet the de
mands of commerce until a consular reform
bill shall have been passed. The chief needs
of the consular service are:
' A regular graded classification, including all
salaried Consuls or Consul Generals, based on
the. amounts of salary, and so arranged as to
permit the Interchange of consular posts within
the same . grade, by order of the President
•tone, or advancement by promotion from
grade to grade.
The fixing of salaries for the higher grades
sufficiently adequate to encourage capable men
to enter the service as a career, and provision
for the turning of all fees received at salaried
post* Into the Government treasury, and
. The establishment of a system - of com
petitive examinations, open to all. for entrance
to -the lower grades, of transfers and promo
tion* based upon superior capacity shown in
actual service and of retention < during good
behavior. —^ • . -
.As the representative of the chamber I at
tended the annual meting at Baltimore, on
the 11th ult., of the - National Consular Re
form Committee. < of which Hon. H. A. Gar
flel$ is president. - and assisted in the discus
sion of the reform measure which Congress
will bt> asked to adopt. The consular bill In
troduced by Hon. Henry Cabot Lodge. Senator
from ' Massachusetts, and the bill mtroduced
by'XTon. Robert Adams Jr., representing the
Second Pennsylvania District, were carefully
analyzed and compared. The Adams bill, as
atrtended in committee, was finally* made the
committee measure. The friends of consular
reform may be felicitated on the successful
agitation of the consular reform Issue. While
It Is true that no consular reform bill has been
passed since* 1856. „ and the service lacks sys
temv the fact remains that active and as
gresslve" agitation for consular rcforn* has bet
tered the e?rvice. All tfiat may be done by
simple agitation has been done, and well done,
and. yet; the need of. consular Improvement Is
frreater to-day than- ever. The changes In
the: currents of trade Insure an Increasing de
mand .for better men in the service.
EXPORT CO3IPET1TIOX.
.'The foreign - competition in export" trade
grqws .fiercer. All the leading countries of the
world are' working for a larger share of the
'export trade.- Thla Is no mere assertion. No
one •who reads the- commercial reports, the of
ficial statements and the popular literature of
the business- natlops, of the world can fail to
notice the . increased competition in export
trade. The American people' have *tan<1anl
ized their business interests, have raised the
efficiency cf their manufacturing plants, have
multiplied their transportation facilities ami
have taken many strides -of commercial prog
ress. And ye.t the consular service dealing di
rectly with export trade is ruled by laws nearly
fifty years old. In order to keep pace with our
own commercial progress, f in order to ofTset
the. aggressive, action of foreign traders, the
American Government must raise Us consular
service to a higher standard of efficiency, :a
standard that may only be reached through
recognition of merit and Independent selection.
The demand for ¦ reform . is - based on business
needs. - These needs are not • of one class . and
are not limited to a few localities. - They are
especially Imperative in -British South Arrica,
where American ¦ exports have increased from
13.000.000 to over $33,000,000 in the Uat Us
years; in Eastern Asia, with which, through
an Increasing tonnage, we are coming into
closer contact, and In many other parts of the
world. The state of affairs that permits unin
formed and untrained men to represent the
business Interests of the country In foreisn
lands Is absurdly artiaclal. In practical busi
ness life there Is an ever Increasing demand
for the highest business ability. In the con
sular service there are men who have never
had any business training, others who have
demonstrated their lack of business ability.
and others still who. for various reasons, are
barely tolerable as consular officers. As the
consular service Is a business department of
the Government and the Consuls are supposed
to do business In a business way. it follows
that only men familiar with business and who
have the business Instinct should be placed
in consular positions.
CO3IMEIICE AND LABOR.
The Chamber of Commerce of San Francueo
early advocated the creation of a new de
partment dealing directly and in a public way
with the strictly commercial affairs of the
country. The chamber memorialized Congress
In favor of. the needed department. Plans for
the creation of this new branch of the publii
service were advocated by the representative
of the chamber at Washington at hearings of
th«. House Interstate and Foreign Commerce
Committee. The department has shown its
value. Scattered bureaus that formerly worked
at cross purposes have been welded Into a
symmetrical *ystem. Order has been evolved
fiom confusion. The department is operate!
on business lines. Private business in tha
active cities and towns of the Cnited States
gets no greater care than that given public
business by the new department. This Is the
general verdict. My own satisfactory experi
ence 1* an Incidental factor. The orderly ana
purposeful progress of the department may
be accepted as an earnest of future achieve
ments. The appropriation necessary to thi»
proper operation of the department should be
promptly voted. Money is rieeded for special
probing of foreign markets, foreign methods
and foreign trade demands. The export tr *d
of Germany Is not based on lucky hits. That
trade Is not accidental. That trade was born
of official inquiries in foreign countries.
Trained investigators found bottom facts an.1
bottom figures. These facts and figure* wer*
scattered throughout commercial Germany.
The German traders moved in the light of
accurate Information. The American Govern
ment ha* finally organized a department to
develop American trade. Given the necessary
funds and given them promptly the Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor will be able to
stimulate foreign trade at a time when »uch
stimulation will advantageously affect every
part of the country. If the funds of the De
partment of Commerce and Labor a few
months since had allowed the Secretary to
send to Asia a specially arranged expedition
the expert trade of the, United State* woul.i
have been benefited to an amount larger
than the annual expenses of the foreign In
quiry division. The department has many and
varied functions. At present the various bu-
£ a . U K ia . r .' a ««" bll n* guiding information.
With this information domestic and foreign'
trade may be fostered, promoted and protei.:»d
The Pacific Coast has a special use for ths
Department of Commerce and Labor, a greater
use perhaps than any other section of the
country. This because the trade field* of tne
Pacific are without parallel
AMERICAN ASIATIC TRADE.
The Paciflc Coast line o| 13.425 mi>i is
the natural American base for Asiatic trade.
No other Western nation has an equally g*«i
'%tZJ° r * J 3 trade ; rlrcui "sta noes' have con
sr.ired in favor of the Pacific Coast. San
iranciaco haa been socially favored. It i»
the duty of San Francisco and Pacific Coast
people generally to see that these favorlns
trade conditions are brousht to national at
tention. The distance from London to Shang
hai Is 10.5W miles, as against 5S41 miles from
San Francisco to Shanghai. It t 3 2100 miles
from San Francisco to Honolulu. It Is R8.V4
miles rrom San Francisco to th^ Philippines
vja. the Hawaiian Islands. San Francisco ha*
a Shanghai transportation advantage over Lon
don of 4tio9 miles. Saiv Francisco has relative
transportation advantages over London with
respect to ether Asiatic ports. These advan
tages have been made more apparent through
the annexation, and expansion peltries of the
Government. And yet neither the Government
nor the public has fully grasped the signifi
cance of'the *ituation. American public men
who have crossed the Russian empire on th»
Trans-Siberian Railway In the last two year*
have sralsed the enterprise cf Russia and
have seen In the march of that emoire u>
Pacific waters a magnificent and commendable
national policy. Tbesa observing Americans
assert that Russia needs a Pacific trade base.
They do not hesitate to say that In the ab
sence of an Asiatic trade base th» Russian
empire will fail to meet its manifest destiny.
They do not hesitate to say In Interviews,
addresses, books and magazines that this trad*
base must be fixed in the living present.
These views are being freely printed and
broadly circulated. If a Pacific trade base
is needed by 'Russia for the healthy exten
sion of Russian-Asiatic trade, how much mort
necessary to the Asiatic trade Interest* <Jf the
United States Is a broad and liberal policy
on the part of the American Government that
will sennit the proper and natural usa of
Pacific Coast geographical advantages In
American-Asiatic trade development. -It It
not Hear" that the American base should b»
hurriedly developed? The distance from New
York to San Francisco Is 3200 miles. The
distance from Dalny. the Russian- city oC
Manchuria, to St. Petersburg Is over <S00O miles.
¦It Is also over 600O mites from St. Peters
burg to Vladivostok. Th«u» distances show
the strategic trade advantages to San Fran
cisco. The distinguished American*, more rar
tlcularly American ouhllc nvn who hav* sim
ply praised the great eastern march of Rus
sia, have missed the lesson of that march.
They. have failed to see or at least to mention
an easterly direction the American nation
marches westerly, and that in a trade sense
the two nations are makins for the ianw
point. The promotion policy pursued by Uus
sia Is more than Interesting to the American
people. It is a warning.
PACIFIC OCEAN TUADK.
The Government has an economic interest in
Pacific Ocean trade. The expansion of this
trnd» haa mad»» the Pacific Coast a natural
official .base. There are numerous Illustra
tions In point. They affect various branches of
the Government. The great military depot for
quartermaster stores of the United State*
army. Is at Jefferscnville. Ind.. W! miles from
New Tork and over iMfu* miles from San Fran
cisco. The depot was opened in the early part
of the Civil War. Its location at that time,
and for the next quarter of a century, sulteri
the service. Cut to-day, after a lapse of
more than forty years, after the country has
altered ¦ its tra.l- methods, after the country
has expanded thousands of miles; In short,
after the commercial, military and population
conditions of the country have, in n?arly every
respect, changed, the purchase of supplies de
liverable at Jeffersonvllle for use In the Phil
ippines, over 9000 miles from th« Jefferaonvllle
depot, is against good business 'Judgment. Most
supplies used by the army at Pacific coast
points and in the Island possessions can be
more easily and- more cheaply bought at San
Francisco an<i other Pacific coast points Una
Present Georg* A. SfwhaU'f an-'
seal report "was attentively listened to
and frecuently applauded by those at
table. It was as follows:
To tfcej members of the Chamber of Com
t=eree of Baa Francisco. Cal.-Ge=t:«aen: V, e
h.av, again In the history pf our ch»= b "
reached the «n« of another year, axd .t is
ssr^K^'S sr y ou y r
tlon to the future outlook.
Much work fcaa been dor.e during the past
year eci a great rnarjr subject* have been
acted upon. The administration of the af
lair. of the chamber has been largely »i Q the
hands cf our first vice president. Mr. Edwa.a
R IXmond your president having been ao
rer.t for five months during the year. Tie
thar-ka cf the chamber are extended to Mr.
mmoEd for the energetic and active manner
In which fce has carried on the wcrk.
' As Is my custom, I will call your attention
to a cumber cf the transactions which have
*:,F«ged the attention of your board of ai-
Krctors. and which ar« aa follows:
A XEW CUSTOM-HOUSE.
L*»t year we were pleased to report that
an appropriation t*d been secured for the
k\iilding of a new Custotn-bouse. and it is
»ith much p'.easure that I now inform you
that a contract haa been awarded for the
erection cf eaine and w* nope before long
to «-• a fcandsonse new building In p.ace cf
the one that has served u» ao locg aad weil.
all these year*.
Tear chatr-ber took an active interest in
thi» matter ar.d lb» reeuit of our effort* Is
that a new cable Is an aaaured fact in this
;*<rtion of o'Jr Cnloa.
Strong •fforts have been made t» induce
the War Department to retain in Baa Fran
c:»co the Government transport*. This, a*
you a'.l know, has been successful, and our
r*c*r.t advice* from Washington show that
tea Francisee, M always rec«l\-e a very
"'.ai-ge proportion cf this business.
Another matter cf great interest to San
T'inrijco is the purchasing of Government
supplies for the different governmental de
-, artmente Much correepondence ha* been
*.-a.i with the Governrient In this regard, and
¦».^ are pleased to **y tbat our replica have
•b«»<>n favorable, and that California, and e»pe
cial'.y San Francisco, will receive a Just pro
r^rf.en of this business.
. An efrcrt has been made by Tour ebain
tor ard we are pleased to say ruccessfully —
!n favor cf electric lighta on the lightships
In this harbor This, cr course, as i» well
..•known will insure a steady light for tfce
incosalng and outgoing vetsels.
•Actiun na* beeu taken by your trustees
favoring the purchaae, by the National Gov
ernment, of the Cala\era.s groi-e of big trees
asd converting tame ir.to a national park. The
recent reports to the daily press Inform us that
. Pr*tie*ni Roosevelt ha* recommended this
ac-.icn to Congress.
Alter a careful investigation by the harbor
and ehipping committee cf your board cf
* unitfl Ser.ator Terkin* ha* introduced a
bill la Congress in favor of a life-savinr sta
tion *t Kalfreocn Bay, er.i we ar« assured
that it win meet with tfce approval of both
The car-al tubject i* cr.e that this chamber
has always taken a very active interest in.
• and we «r* pleased to say that the President
haa »een .-^ to recommend that a canal be
r—?uw<:; therefore, ycur board of trustees have
!^dorr«d the action cf the President in this
regard.
Aa lx well knewn. the foreign consular s»r
rfoe 1« of great btnrf.t and Rer\-ice to the
¦vorld. and as new busiaess is being opened up
*-ir. South Afri'-a, your board cf trustees have
"taken action favoring an Increase of American
•foniu'f Jr. this r.»-w bus'r.ees district. And not
nnly ha* action been takfn in regard to this
rart of the m-erld, but alto In favor of general
coteular reform, lining to a civil service
c In the Consular Department. rath»r than that
-Crr.*uls be appointed for political reasons.
Tour board, after due consideration, has de
.¦ clartd itsrlf us against Cuban reciprocity, for
¦ tfc» reason tbst it was thoucht that «uch action
"would interfere with a number of our own
•products.
Fcr sone time the question of an American
natior&l expotitlcn at Shanghai has been a?l
»ai»d. and jour board has seen fit to favor
•such «n exposition, and will do all it can to
'promote 6uch an enterprise, as It Is our belief
th«t Ph«un»?hal will he on» of the principal
ports fcr the increasing trade wit.h Northern
t'r.ina which t* of so much Importance to this
city. ...
• Harbor Improvements hav» also had our close
a't«»f!t!rn. and efforts have been made In favor
cf improving Trials Creek and also for better
fa'-lllti^s for handling foreign commerce in our
F«M"t.
In th<" matter of the proposed increase of
"rh-p« ar.4 pfrsor.nel cf the r.a^T. >'<>ur chamber
•h»s strongly indnrsed all measures of this
y'.rA as they believe that the seaboard should
be fully protected.
Another matter that has consumed a good
««¦¦! of the t;:re of your trustees has b*en the
¦ rbltration clause In bills of lading to coVer
rfl«pute« ariring In a eettlement of claims In
volving large amounts.. This your board of
iruttees has heartily Indorsed. Also In favor
of revising the rules and regulations adopted
bv the chamber In regard to commercial trans
ectlons.
AMFIUCAX MERCHANT MARLVE.
Vcur chamber has placed Itself en record a.«
rein* strongly In favor of, the revival cf the
Awr!ea:i merchant marine engaged In foreign
carrying trade.
MU'-h imprest has been shown by the people
«-r our State in i«^curlr.g benefits to the racinc
<v-«M in thr <rhine«« treaty. This your board
of trwt*** hat, indorsed.
Another rrkrt has bw-n made in regard to
Torclcn rarc-Is pofi. as It In the wish of your
truKtt*? to have this system extended to a'.l
foreign «x>u«u-W in??murh as it is considered
r.f tr»*l »ili«ii!8i(> in th*> commercial world
in tut ¦»! fllsjg wimples of goods to and from
:<T^:sn iviur.tTl«.
(ievrnor Ta't having F?en tit to appoint a
rrmrr.intan tf forty native Filipinos to visit
t;r* <v.-ur.try a? repmentattrea of the Philip
pine Island* at Ifae world's, fair to be helj in
¦ g| l^ouis, your ¦ harobpr. In conjunction with
oilier rr>inm<"r'ial organization* of this <"i?y,
j-.t^ tiudMtalceij to cr.terl.dn them during their
tizy here.
In tirts oonn* tion I might *aM that co
rprmtipB wtlS Otter oummerclpJ bodies In th"
h.'.t'on trihut?r> to the bay of Kan Francisco
for ih» ims'-rtivcm^t «f naicr vv-ay« Jfadins to
ih*> b,ay; »!*«• in having further improvements
mode in thie harbor in the way of trnovinr
JikKJtn -noi'k?, *-t«".. liss hr*en enoourae'd and
tiring au-tioa in this direction taken by-th:a
•tody.
We carnot fall to again mention the «-xcrl
>^t work of our rrprer^rtati-.e in the natloPJ.1
cai-lJal. Your tru«t»ef, after reviewing Ms
%rcrk for the iiart year, have concluded to •¦«
tain hi* s^rvicr-* fcr another year. Individually
I em of th» oolnicri that th'e rhould be niaiie
«• Dorman*'Ct offlcc of the chamber. «n view cf
tlic fact tfc»t so murli more can l»e acc*jni
rHs-*"*! T. - h<>n we liavo a man of cur own to
resist us v.ith matters pertaining to govern*
tsmt*] affairs.
The thanks of the chamber are due to our
Various rr>rnraltl**s.
The finani-e <xmm!:"<- has rnabl"d u» to
curry nur work en and I. si, !cfj a good Iwl
k:." in the treasury. ' 're«Ilt for ihis is due
t« E. II. Dimond, our firn v i ce president an-1
rtifffrrp?" tl this ccmmitiee.
Our library committee, under the chair
manaMp of Edward L». Eyre, has lncreajed
the number of volumes in our possession. One
of the specialties of this committee has been
to receive and go through the various billa
pending in Congress and w« wish to extend
our thanks to this committee for its labors In
this direction.
Our foreign commerce and revenue lawe
committee, under the chairmanship of A. D.
Field, has done committee work that has ma
terially added to the Importance of our for
eign commerce.
Our Internal trade and improvement commit
tee, by the active and energetic work of Its
chairman, William J. Dutton, has materially
Improved matters in this regard.
William H. Marston. chairman of the har
bor and shipping committee, has been un
ceasics In his efforts to improve matters per
taining to the water front and great credit
Is due to this committee for their unceaelng
efforts.
Kufus P. Jennings, chairman of the recep
tion and entertainment committee, has on
many occasions demonstrated the advantage of
this committee in the manner in which our
visitors have been received and given a god
speed on their departure.
Charles M. Yates. the chairman of our mem
bership committee, deserves the thanks of this
chamber for the increase of forty during the
year.
It is very gratifying to the board of trus
tees to see the manner in which members or
the commercial world are appreciating their
efforts.
Our committees en arbitration and appeals
are doing everything In their power to lm
prov» these departments . of our chamber.
This has been an unusually active year In
the history of the city, there being 552 more
sales and $314,645 larger valuation than the
previous year, which was supposed to be the
banner year.
The mortgages of 1903 a«sresa.te $30^889.039.
while tfte releases amount to $21,346,690, thus
making the net sum borrowed $9.54o.2S9. In
other words, there was $47,710,157 invested In
Par. Francisco realty during the year and only
$9 f.43 2S9 of the total amount was borrowed,
showing clearly that $38.16«,S6S was absolutely
new menev Invested in real estate In the city
and county of San Francisco.
The exports from San Francisco by sea dur
ing 1903 amounted to more than $50,000,000 and
the Imports to more than $36,000,000, showing
a large balance In our favor.
Our bank clearances have .steadily Increased.
While In our annual report last year we sur
passed all other years In these clearances, yet
for the year 1903 w« have again taken a step
forward, aa the clearances amounted toil,520.
198,692. an increase of $146,836,653 over
1902, or more than $12,000,000 per month.
The manufactures in San Francisco during
1903 we estimate at a little over $150,000,000
in valuation. While our customs collections
•how some difference, they should have'
amounted to over $9,000,000 if the duty on
coal and tea had not been removed, but they
did actually show $7,621,160.
The population of the city is steadily in
creasing and is now estimated to be between
440.000 and 450.000 people. -
The statistics of production for 1003 are aa
follows: Gold. $17,500,000; sliver, $600,000;
copper, $6,000,000.
The approximate value of all metals and
minerals produced ia California, during 1903
is $36,000,000.
FRUITS AND CEREALS.
Oranges figured quite largely In the produce
of the Stato, yielding 25.000 carloads, of which
2000 carload? were grown in the northern por
tion of the Ftat*. The lemon crop amounted
to 3200 carload*? some 150 carloads being
produced north of Tehachapi. The walnut crop
amounted t-> 11.500.0t)0 pounds; the almond
crop to 6,000.000 pounds, while our wine
amounted to 32,000,000 gallons. The amount
of brandy produced In the State was 5,700,000
gallons. The bean crop amounted to 117.500,000
pounds, while .the salmon pack amounted to
S.420.OO0 cases. Wheat was unusually small
owing to the dry season. This amounted to
».51",5OO centals. Barley was 8.750.000 centals.
Fuel oil amounted to 22.O00.O00 barrels, at
an averaee price of 75 cents per barrel. The
raisin crop amounted to 112,000,000 pounds;
canned fruit pack. 2,000.000 cases; hops, 47,000
bales of 1S8 pounds each; beet sugar. lM.ooo.-
OQO pounds. Dried frultn as follows: Prunes,
115.000.000 pounds; peaches, 30.000,000 pounds;
apricots, 10.000.000 pounds: apples. 9,000.000;
plums 2.1WO.O00; nectarines, 600. 000; flga,
7,500,000; grapes, 400.000 pounds; pears, 4,500.
000; silver prunes, 400.000.
Wool amounted to 22.500,000 pounds; butter,
S2,00ujft00 pounds; cheese, 8,750,000 pounds.
The \-alue of all dairy products wu about
$19 000 000. Quicksilver, amounted to 26.750
r.ar'k*. worth $4:5 each. Honey. 3.6.10,000
pounds and canned tomatoes, 840,000 cases.
Before closing I cannot neglect to again
refer to th* financial condition of San Ftan
cisct/ and call your particular attention to the
advance made by our city.
We have lost by death «ome ten members:
Louis Simon. January 27: J. H. Hecht, Feb
ruary 24- Samuel Eachs. March 13; O. F. Swift,
March 29- Irving M. Bcott, April 29: William
P Thomaj, April 29: R> O. fineath May 8;
William B. Hooper, July 16; Isldor Schwartx,
September 14; J. J. Smith, October 11.
And now In cloelnr I wish to extend to the
board my hearty thanks for their co-operation
and support and to express my personal thanks
to th« members for their active co-operation
during the year and for the compliment In
ar«.m electing me president of the chamber.
Great credit Is due to the pret« of Sail
Franci»co for their co-operation and support
riven to u» ia all matters pertaining to the
public rood. . GEORGE A. XEWHALJU
President.
Washington Commissioner Bunker Submits
Some Good Suggestions.
President Newhall Succinctly Reviews the
Organization's Achievements.
STRONG efforts haTe been made to induce the War Department
to retain In San Francisco the Government transports. This,
as you all know, has been successful, and our recent advices
from Washington show that San Francisco will always receive
a rery large proportion of this business. Another matter of great
Interest to San Francisco Is the purcliasing of Government supplies
for the different governmental departments. Much correspondence
has been had with the Government hi this regard, and we are pleased
to say that our replies have been farorable, and that California,
and especially San Francisco, will receive a Just proportion of this
business. The canal subject is one that this chamber has always
taken a very active interest in, and we are pleased to say that the
President has seen fit to recommend that a canal be secured; there
fore, your board of trustees has Indorsed the action of the Presi
dent hi this retard. — From report of George A. Newhall, president
of Chamber of Commerce.
SAN FRANCISCO'S REPRESENTATIVE BUSINESS MEN CONGREGATE AT BANQUET
AND HEAR REPORTS OF RECENT ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
Pages 3Sto 48
Pages 35 tola
SAN FRANCISCO/ SUNDAY, r JANUARY 24, 1904.Xoted French Horseman Killed.
PARIS, Jan. 23. — Jules Ravaut. a
well known French horseman, was ac
cidentally killed at Givers to-day.
Alexander was sighing for more
worlds to conquer.
"Have you tried to trek around the
Flatiron?" asked his advisers.
Realizing, however, ... the havoc it
would play with hi3 draperies, he pre
ferred to "sass" Persia. — New Tork
Tribune.
Boxer Kid McCoy a Bankrupt.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23. — Norman
Selby, the pugilist, better knows as
Kid McCoy, filed a voluntary petition
in bankruptcy to-day, giving his lia
bilities as $25,2 '6 and assets as $150.
A warrant was secured from Police
Judge Cabanlsa yesterday for the ar
rest of H. F. Credo, a real estate dealer
on Market street, near Fourth, on a
charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses. The complaining witness is
P. F; Clark.
Clark alleges that he agreed to pur
chase from Credo a saloon at 604
Fourth street for ' $700, and paid him
$195 on account. Credo, Clark says,
claimed that he owned the saloon by
virtue of a bill of sale. Clark says he
discovered that Credo simply held a
chattel mortgage on the place, which
belonged to M. Seyfried, who died re
cently. He demanded the return of his
money from Credo, * who refused, but
offered to let Clark have the saloon on
payment of $200 more- Clark insisted
upon the return of his money, but
claims he has not got it yet.
Clark says that Credo has since sold
the saloon to another man for $500.
P. P. Clark Charges H. F. Credo With
Felony, Claiming He Obtained
Jloney by False Pretenses.
SALOON MAN ASKS ARREST
% OF REAL. ESTATE DEALER
Players on Each Side Iiidulge
in Some Good Stickr/ork at
Critical Stages of the Game
The soldier ball tossers from the Pre
sidio turned another trick yesterday
afternoon, when they drove the Jesse
Moore team to the woods after ten
rounds of the fiercest kind of baseball.
There was not a dull moment during
the entire two hours of the struggle,
and a mighty cheer went .up from the
assemblage when the boys in blue bat
ted in the winning. tallies in the tenth
round. Score 7 to 6.
Possibly the largest . crowd that ever
gathered at the Presidio athletic
grounds was on the spot when time was
called. Of course, the soldiers were the
favorites with the multitude, and every
time they made a fast play the feat
was rewarded with a deafening yell
from the men on the bleachers.
The game was marked by some heavy
hitting, fast and sensational fielding
and errors that sometimes proved cost
ly. The soldiers outhit their opponents
nearly two to one, but they 'were like
truck horses on the bases, and simply
threw away half a dozen runs during
different innings of the contest.
The Moores were first to land, coming
through with two tallies in the second
inning by three well placed hits, which
came at' just the right moment. The
soldiers made a great stand in the
third. It was then, they got the Moores
rattled for a few minutes, and after
two men had^ been put out they piled up
five tallies on half a dozen hits and a
couple of bad errors by the infield.
In their half of the fourth the Moores
got into the going good and strong.
They began to find Forsyth for a bunch
of hits, and ere the agony ended three
of the distillers made the rounds of the
sacks. This was the beginning of a
great deadlock, which remained un
broken till the soldiers batted in two
runs in the tenth round.
Two hits' and an error gave the sol
diers their two tallies and won the
game for them in the last round of the
day. The Moores were not all in at
that. With the score 7 to 5 against
them; they started in and batted a run
through in a twinkling. With two on
the bags and two gone Smith made
three mighty swings at the ball and hit
nothing, so the struggle came to an end
and the crowd seemed satisfied. The
score:
Presidio — Jesse Moores —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R; H. P. A.
Cusak rf.4 0 0,1 1 Spncr. cf.ft 1 1 .-1- O
DukIs 2b.5 2 3 12 M.Mir, If.5 0 0 10
Camn, cf.5 2 3 12 Sulvan, c.5 0 0 3 5
Rymd, 3b-5 112 2jMphy, lb.3 2 117 0
Frsyth p.4 1 1 0 R'w.Mr. 2b.4 0 0 3 »!
Conrad" c.4 0 2 8 2 Dwng. 3b.5 2 2 0 3
Lamb if. .5 0 2 2 0 Smith. s..5 0 0 D 3
3hea c.lb.4 0 1 14 O.Stefns. cf.4 0.2 O O
Faie' ss...l 111 ONagle, p..4 1205
Oswl'd, cf.3 0100 — —
Totals.40 6 8 30 22
Totals.40 7 15 30 17
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Presidio ..... 0 0 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—7
Base hits -.1 1' 6 0 11 1 1 1 2—15
Jesse Moores.. 0 20300000 1— «
Base hits... 030400000 1—8
SUMMARY.
Errors— Cusack. Raymond. Oswald. Down
ing 2. Stolen bases— Forsyth, Lamb. Spencer.
Twc-base hits— Cameron, Lamb. Murphy. Sac
rifice hit — Smith. First base on errors — Pre
sidio J. Jepse Moores 2. First base on calied
balls — Off Forsyth p, off Nagle 2. Left on
bases— Presidio S. Jesse Moores 4. Struck out
—By Forsyth 6. by Nagle 2. Hit by pitcher-
Cameron, Raymond, W. Muller. Double play-
Smith to Murphy. Passed ball— Sullivan.
Time of game — 2 hours. Umpire — Mertes.
MAXY GOLFEKS PRACTICE
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS
Ladles Will Engage in a Handicap
Contest Against "Bogey" on Tues-
day Morning.
Though there was no set competi
tion for the members of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club yesterday, many golf
ers took advantage of the fine weather
to get some practice. ' Among them
were R. Gilman Brown, A. S. Lilley,
J. A. Folger, W. F. Dutton, L. B. Ed
wards, Charles Page, Rolla V. Watt,
Dr. W. L. Spencer, Dr. MacMonagle, R.
G. Hanford, Dr. J. R. Clark, R. D. Gir
vin, R. J. "Woods and Warren Clark.
The newly elected council of the
San Francisco Golf Club will hold a
meeting to-day in the clubhouse, when
the members of the tournament com
mittee and the green committee will
be announced. ¦• At a previous meet
ing of the council Captain J. S. Oyster
was chosen president and R. D. Girvin
secretary-treasurer. F. H. Beaver was
elected a member of the council, but
retired, R. D. Girvin taking his place.
Miss Alice Hoffman has resigned as
the representative of the Ladies' An
nex on the tournament committee.
On Tuesday morning, beginning at
9:30, the ladles will hold a handicap
over eighteen holes against "bogey."
Among the ladies who may be expect
ed to take part are Mrs. E. S. Miller,
Mrs. R. G. Brown, Mrs. Leroy Nickel,
Mrs. R. D. Girvin, Miss Drum, Miss
Edith Chesebrough .and Miss Hough
ton. '¦¦*• .'*-. ;v . .
Dolphin Club Holds Banquet.
The members of the Dolphin Swim
ming and Boating 'Club' held their an
nual banquet last night. During the
evening the newly elected officers of
the club were installed, J. S. Earls be
ing the installing officer.. The follow
ing are, the officers who will serve. the
club for the coming twelve months:
C. M. Farrell, president; T. J. Ken
nedy,, vice president; W. L. Bush, re
cording secretary; F. C. Staib, finan
cial secretary; A. L. ¦ Schuppert, treas
urer; P. H. Freudenberg, sergeant at
arms; T. R. Dixon, captain; Val Kehr T
lein, lieutenant captain; W.. F. Harris
and "W.. A.- Remensperger, members of
the executive committee; C. A. .Ken
niff. E. H. Coney and A. A. Bertrand,
members of the board of directors; A'.
P. Rothkopf, A. W. Pape and W. O.
Patch, . delegates to the Pacific Asso
ciation of the Amateur Athletic Union;
A. P. Rothkopf performed the duties
of toastmaster and- the :banquet was
under the management of a commltr
tee consisting of T. J. Kennedy, E. H.
Coney and W. O. Patch.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 23.— Crescent City
summary:
First racfe. one mile. Belling — Lingo won.
Barilla second. Exapo third. Time. 1:42 3-5.
Second race, three and one-half furlongs.
2-year-old flllles — Vlperine won. Pikle second.
Fair Una third. Time, :43 1-5.
Third race, five furlongs — Scorpio, won. As
cension second, Big Ben third. Time. 1:05.
Fourth race. Cotton Selling Stakes, one mll«
— Port Royal won, De Reszke second. Floyd
K third. Time, 1:40 3-5.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Hands Across won. Ethics second. The Mes
senger-third. Time. 1:45 1-5.
Sixth race, one mile and a half — Stonewall
won. Major Manslr second, Lou Woods third.
Time, 2:35 2-5.
XEW ORU3AXS RACE RESULTS.
The Vampires — Alrth. goalkeeper: Peterson
(captain), leftback: Theberge. rljthtback: Har
woo<l. left halfback: McCnllum. center half
back: Glarr.er, right halfback; Buchly. outside
left: Weaver, inside left: Turner, center for
ward; Kay, Inside right; Showell, outside
ri^ht.
The Thistles — Lowe. KOalkeeper: Tierney.
leftback: Forrem (captain), rlghtback; Mc-
Gregor, left halfback; Duncan, center half
back: Taylor, rlgrht halfback: R. Dlsher, nut
side left; F. Pisher. inside left; T. S. Lydon,
center forward; A. Dlsher. lnsld* right; J.
Smith: outside right.
The Albion Rover»— Hoafonl. goalkeeper:
Johnston (captain), Jeftback; OU'.chrest. rtffht
back; Bayne. left halfback: Matthleson. cun
ter halfback; Taylor, right halfback; Hradley.
outside left; Duguesne. insld» left: Churchill.
center forward; Tweedle, inside right; Good
let. outside rlffht.
The three matches set down on the
schedule of the California Association
Football League for to-day will b<>
played. They are as follows: Inde
pendents versus Occidentals, on the
Presidio athletic grounds, with J. Cas
son as referee; Pickwicks versus Al
bion Rovers, at Idora Park. Oakland,
with C. W. Irish as referee, and Vam
pires versus Thistles, on the cricket
ground at Webster street, Alameda.
with Arthur Robinson as referee. In
all three matches the ball will be kicked
off at 2:30 p. m. The Oakland Hornets
have no match, having drawn the bye.
The teams will be made up of the fol
lowing players:
Toe Independents — Forbes. goalkeeper:
Lynch, leftback: Armstrong, rlghthaok; Walsn,
left. halfback; Mechels. cer.fr halfback: Nolan,
right halfba.-k: Ruseell. outsi.2* left: P. Fay.
insMe left; AVatt. center forward; T. Fay in
sldo risrht; Ellis, outside right.
The Occidentals— Olivers— goalkeeper: Rob
erta Wtback: Milne, rtghtbaok: Grade, left
halfback: Lloyd, center halfback: Bowdea
right halfback: F. Holland, outside left; Evans.
inside left; V. Holland, center forward: P.
Lyiion. Inside right: Hayes, cutsidc right.
The Pickwicks — Knight, goalkeeper: T<-><1d.
lefthack; Bouton, rlghtbark: Furbsr, left half
back: James, center halfback: McGilllvray.
right halfba.-k; Murdock. outside l«ft: Cowan.
insida left: Paterscn. center forward; Watters.
in.«ide ri£hf. Sheddon. outside right.
Inasmuch as no matches were playei
for the California Association Football
League championship last Sunday on
account of the sodden condition of tho
Presidio athletic grounds and of th^
field at Idora Park, no change in the
standing of the clubs has taken place.
Results May Change the Stand
ing of Some of the Clubs
in the Animal Pennant Race
CROWD IS WILDLY EXCITED
Firat race, Slauson course, gelling — Beautiful
and Best. 10S (Kedfern). 1 to 7. won; Galan-.
thus, 102 (Buxton), 8 to 1, second; Landseer,
102 (L. Dean), 30 to 1, third. Time. 1:11%.
Rosebud, Can N'ell. Frank McKee and Nina
B, L. also ran.
Second race, three and a half furlongs, two
year-olds — Lady Lasca. 117 (Redfern), 2 to 1,
won; Pinkerton. 115 (J. Boland). 1 to 2. pec-'
ond; Airship, ll5 (L. Spencer). 7 to 1. third.
Time, :42. 'Woodclalm and Peggy Mine also
ran. Peggy Mine and Lady Lasca coupled.
Third race, hurdle handicap, mile and a
quarter— Phil Archibald. 13S (Archibald), lo
to 1, r won: Poorlands, 175 <#<tcMahon), 11 to f.
second: Heir Apparent, IKS (Sutherland). IS
to 1.' third. Time, 2:19. CSmbaceres also ran.
Ceylon fell. ...
Fourth race, the- Coronado Beach selling j
LOS ANGELES, Jan. . 23.— A good
crowd, a good'pard' that included a
stake event and - the success of the
former in selecting winners were the
most notable points of the racing to
day at Ascot. There was a hurdle race,
that furnished a surprise to the bettors
and a thrill to the feminine portion of
the crowd./ Phil Archibald; at 10 to 1.
proved . the winner. Ceylon fell at the
third jump, throwing and severely
bruising .Peters, the Jockey. Another
feature of the hurdle^ race was the poor
riding of McMahon on Poorlands and
his subsequent suspension for an in
definite period. «
The form players started the day
with Beautiful and B.est, but the odds
were prohibitive at 1 to 7. He won in a
gallop from Galanthus. ¦ Landseer was
third. .
The two-year-old event sent five good
youngsters to the post. Schreibeifs
Pinkerton was a strong favorite at 1 to
2, with Durnell's entry. Lady Lasca
and Peggy Mine, at 2 to 1. Lasca went
to the front and managed to win in a
hard drive by a neck from Pinkerton,
with Airship third.
Cambaceres, the 3 to 5 favorite for the
hurdle race, did not like the weight
and dropped out of it after a mile. Phil
Archibald won from Poorlandg by half
a length. Heir Apparent being third. '
The Coronado Beach selling stakes,
with $1250 added money, was a good
race. Haviland was favorite from the
first and a world of money went in on
him. He won easily from Orsina, with
The Goldfinder a close third. Elwood
was the strongly played second choice,
but could not keep up. The time was
the best for the distance on this track,
1:46% for the mile and a sixteenth!
Fortunatus, another favorite, won the
fifth« race from Dupont. with C. B.
Campbell third. The books were hard
hit on this race.
Tax Man was favorite for the last
event, but quit too soon and Buccleuth
won. Sallle Goodwin was second and
Dollie Welthoff third.
Redfern rode three winners. "Weather
fine, track good.
SUMMARY.
stakes, mile and a sixteenth — HavUand. 97
(Redfem). 4 to 5. won; Orsina. 85 tE. VV alsn).
0 to 1 seeond; The Goldflnder. 95 (Anderson).
fl tcf 1. third. Time, 1:40%; Eva G. Ellwood
and Greenock also ran.
Fifth race, one mile and a furlong, selling—
Fortunatus, 0d (E. Walsh). 6 to 5. won; Du
pont. l(io (Redfern). 5 to 2. second: C. a.
Campbell. 10^ (J. Booker). 2 to 1. third. Time.
1:'»4. Dr. Bernays and John McGurk also ran.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — _™"f"
cleuth. 112 (J. Boland). 5 to 2. won; Sallle
Goodwin. 105 (Anderson), 10 to 1, second;
DoUJe Weithoff. 105 (Robertson). 5 to 2. third.
Time, 1:20. The Covenanter, EKg N'ogg. Tax
Man. Valmar and Louwelsea also ran.
GAMES ARE IMPORTANT
Jesse JMoores Play in Great
Form, but Lose by One Lone
Tally in Sensational Game
Three Association Champion
ship Matches Are Scheduled
for Decision This 'Afternoon
McMahon Makes a Bad Showing on Poorlands.
Haviland Takes Coronado Selling Stakes From
Orsina and the Go'dfinder in Easy Fashion
PLAYERS READY
FOR FOOTBALL
SOLDIER BOTS
WIN IN TENTH
STEEPLECHASE RIDER SUSPENDED
BY THE JUDGES AT ASCOT PARK
INTERCOLLEGIATE FOOTBALL GAME WILL BE PLAYED THIS YEAR ON BERKELEY CAMPUS
CLAUDE FINISHES SECOND TO DAINTY
FOR THE VALUABLE LISSAK HANDICAP
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING- FORM CHART.
Shotgun Is Never a Fac
tor in Race— Saintly
Takes a Purse.
OAaa^AITD BACETBACK — SATURDAY, Jan. 23. — Weather fine. Track fast.
6H22. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to flrat. $325.
Indrxl Horse and Owner. • .Wt St. Vi . %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. OP- C1 
6668 iSalntly a (T. Crowe) 105 7 6 ' Vi 4 1^4 IV,\ h IFoley , g •
B6«S IPickaway. 4 <A. J. Jackson).. 97 2 ... 2 2 11 tl%2 li^lOllphant .. ». "
5766 |Matt Hogan a (Magrane) 106 3 !... 7 5nBn3 »i Hlldebrand 6-2 W
<4«77) Whlfkcrs 5 (R Wilson) . 95 6 ... 6 Vi 7 7 4 2 R. Wilson.. • 3J> • iu
C608 Constellator, a " (Keating) 106 1 ... 3n3h2nS5 J. Martin.. 7 10
(5740) Cousin- Carrte 6 (Burger).... #6 4 .-. . '.4 l^tt 1%3 4 6 8 Kunz --. ¦. . ». * ii'z'
<573G)|Ulctma, 5 (W. S. Robb) 99 5 ... lh 21 C8 7 Larsen 2 1.J-0
S812 | Pure Dale. 1 (Thomas & Co.) 97 8 ...» ... Connell .... 30 -30
Time— :23>4. :47 1:C9»4. At post 4 minutes. . Off at 2:19. Saintly, place. 2; show 1.
Plckaway, place' 5: show. 2 Hogan show, 1-2. Winner, br. g. by Midlothian-An
geljque. Trained by C. Pleasant Scratched— Lady Wadsworth. Sir Preston Xsuuan,
The Pride. Oittiuio. Algaretta. Start good for all but Pure Dale. Won in a hard drive
of four. Saintly had weight off. came from behind gamely and caught the tiring P - lcl£
away. Latter had a world of speed. Matt Hogan could not get up. Whiskers wen
trimmed at union rates. He ran well under inferior handling. Cons^ellator. flmi.
Cousin Carrie no early speed. Ulctma out footed. *^ ul ' e^'?Pv^__-^____l^^^ vv^>^^«,
SS23. SECOND RACE- Kour furlongs; purf* ; 2-year-olds; value to nrst. $325. fr
Index] Horse and Owner. Wt St. V 4 . %• %".' Str. Fin. Jockey. OP- *-*•
5787 IGloomy Gua (B. & W.) 105 3^ 2 "i 1 n In Bell 3 4
r.751 lEdlth Vice (Bianrhi & Co.).. 105 1 1 l'$2 I 2 5' J. Martin.. 5-2 13-5
ICorn Blossom (H. K Rowell). ll.f 2 3 n :i lVi'-i 1 King 15 -0
67R7 jTar Baby <San Joaquin Stable)llO.'i 6 4 5 47 4 4 Foley 1J . 15
5787 (Dix^lle (A. T. Dobson) 105 7 8, 5 1 5 1% T. Butler.. - 6: 5
57S7 ICalculate (Blasingame Bros.).jllO 4 » U 6 2 6 n IHaack o 0
Mary Pepper (Mrs. Miller) |HO| « 6 3 71 7 2 |\V. Waldo. I 6. *2
5713 jGlacoma (K. A. Smith). .... .|1C8| 5 5n8 8 |Larsen ..... 6 8
'Time— :24% :*9- At poet Vi minute Off at 2:44Vj . Gus. place. 7-5; show, 7-10. Vice,
place, 1: show 1-2 Blossom, show, 3. Winner, b. g. by Eddie Jones -Happy Maiden.
Trained by D.' Stone. Start poor. Won in a drive of two. Third driving. Gloomy
Gus outstayed Edith. Corn Blossom will Improve. Tar Baby ehowed improvement. JJlx
elle a disappointment. Mary P^ppfr off poorly. 5 . _•_ '_ j>_r-^-^-. •
OS24. THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling;', 4-year-olda and up; to first. $325.
Indiat Horse~and Owner. WtjSt. >4 . vT %¦ Str. Fin. 1 Jockey. Op- Cl.
G719 Mocorito. a <T. Weliman) 105| 1 2 n 3 1 2 n 2 S 1 2 |J. Martin.. 7-2 18-5
571» Storl. Towers 5 (Stockton S.)!lOO| 3 11 1 % Hi 1 h 2 Vx Foley 8 9"
6766 |Bay Wonder 1 (Newman*. . .!M1| 4 3 1 2 % 3 1V}3 2Vi3 2V4 Oliphant .. 6 11-2
5G93 I Jane Holly 5 U. C. Yeager) .|lO0| B 5 4 h 4 •% 4 1%4 n. Hildebrand 5-2 14-5
• <57SS)! Hainault 5 (Thomas & Cn.).|lO6| 6 4 n 5 1^5 0 5 2 5 4 H^rsen .... 5-2 11-5
r.75<> Goliltn Light. t> (McCafferty). 1110, 7 S 73736 5 67 Ulaack 20 30
5729 iMcGra. Prince a (Reagan). . flOOj 2718 8 8 75 |\fonderly. . ¦ 40 W>
Royal White. 4 (Lloyd & Co.)j 99| 8 6 V* 6 2»46 2^7 1 8 |Cross\Talte _JIO }vv
Time — :23^, :4SVi. 1:13 1:20. At post 44 minutes. Off at 3:12^. Mocorito, place, 65;
ehow 3-5 Towers place 3; show, 6-5 Wonder show. 4-5. Winner, ch. m. .hy-Amigo-
Panta Monica Trained by G. Went worth. Scratched— Yellowstone. Start good. Won
handily. N«Xt two driving hard. Winner was well ridden and showed marked Im
provement over her previous race. Sterling Towers ran to form.-. Bay .Wonder- tired.
. Jane Holly pocketed and poorly handled. Hainault ran a very poor race.
."N21. FOURTH RACE— One mile; Lissak handicap: 3-yr.-oldB &' up; value to flm. $3330.
Ir.dtx Horse and Owner. . %¦ Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
5753 Dainty 4 (W B. Jennings). . .1103 4 6h J»3 7n 52 1 l^iOHphant is, 9-5, 8-5
(57R9) 'Claude 4 <M. J. Daly) |119 1 2 1 V t 2 n. 2 1 ViZ 1^2 3 J. Daly 8- 7
578!» (FosFil 4 (Parker & Co.) 1115 2 3 ?4 '3 % 3 n 3 n 3 n Haack 6 9
5753 iJockey Club 4 (W. Fisher) . .|ir>7 7 I 2 1 3, 1 1 1 % 4 2 Burns " 8 10
(577S)!Rockaway. 3 (B. *. W.) \\m 8 51 4h 52 4n 5 1 iBell. ...... 8- 12
5523 Eonlc C (C. Young) I 09 (! 10 1510 1210 15 0 4 « 2Vi (>mnell .... 25. 30
(.V2»5) Stuyve 5 (F I^anterman) '1001 nSh6%«51 "474 HUdebrand " 8 10
rS733)jJoe Lesesr 6 (H D Beams). .|10l| 3- 4 4'5 n 8 4 8 2 8 3 Larsen 16 15
(8814) Shot Gun. 4 (W. B. .Iennings);1241O » 3 ,S 2 4 h 6 i* 5) 8 J. Martin.. • •
<5767)iKenilworth 6 <H. Stover). .. ,118! 5 7 n '7 n 0 3 10 1210 6 See- ... 15 25
57S: Martinmas." 4 (Henyhall) 1108111 11 11 11 11 11 Bullman .. 10 15
Time— -24U :»9 1:14U i:3t»H- At post 5^ minutes. Off at 3:46V4. Jennings entry
couplfd" place 4-5: chow, 'J-5. Claude, place, :{i show, 7-5. Fossil, show. 2. Dainty In
yeparate betting, place. r>-2; show, 6-5. Winner, ch. m. by Golden Garter- Rosebud.
Trained by W. B. Jennings. Scratched— Faulconbridge. Esherln. Start good for all'
but Martinmas Won in a hard drive of four. Dainty was in light and came with a
Kreat burst of speed the last sixteenth. Claude ran his level best. So did Fossil. Rock
away, att^r b»ine Interfered with at utart by Kenilworth. ran an excellent race. Jockey
Club could not maintain the clip he pet. Stuyve swerved at the start, cutting oft
Shot Gun and Martinmas. Sh<n Gun pocketed for six furlongs. 'Coupled with Dainty.
5820. FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index | Horse and Owner. IWtJSt. Vi - *5- %¦ Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
5605~|Rey Dare, 6 <J. C. NeaTon). .|102i 1 4 2Vjl 1 1 ',4 1 1^1 %i [Hildebrand 3-5 4-5
5790 'Chickadee 5 (MrCafferty) 1100! 3 1 % 2 >i 2 2^2 12 2 Larsen 5 7
5779 iThe Fretter a (O'Hourke) . . . . 105! 4 3 \ 4 S 3 n 3 3 3 3'i Oliphant .. X 8
(5808) Ethel Abbott 3 (Mrs. Miller) 80! 2 2 h 3 1»44 5 4 3 4 2 |Oreenfleld . 6 4
54S5 IThe Way 5 <R H. Clark)... 1O5I 5 5 3 5 3^5 3 5 2W Vi IFoley 30 2()
0729 (Keynote, a (J. A. Kyle) .109! 6 6 6 C 6 6 IWonderly .| 7 30
Time -24Vi :49Vi 1 :15V» 1"-41^4. 1:54H- At post 2'4 minutes. Oft. at 4 :13V4. Dare, place
2-5; ehow out. Chickadee, place, K-5; show, 1-2. Fretter, show, 7-10. Winner brr
g. by El Rio Rey-Uady Dare. Trained by J. C. Nealon. Start good. Won easily.
\*ext two driving Cakewalk for the winner. Chickadee did her best. The Fretter
showed improvement. Ethel Abbott not handled to best advantage. The Way ran a
¦ ijnoderate race. " . !-_¦_• L ,-,"„ r ,^~~-~^ l -^, f -.^~^^ r ,^~~A^^^ f -.^r.^^r,^.^..
6S27. SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; purse; 3- year-olds: value to first. $325.
l nt ' cx 1 Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. M . \->. %. Str. Fin. j Jockey. I Op. CL
(T^TllnearcatrherCr. G. F.-rgus-^n) . ! 1131.1 ... 12^12 11^12 IJ. Martin.. 7-5 3-2
(5791)iFormaster (Boots & Co.) jliOj 3 ... 2n 2 1 2 1 2 2H!L«irsen . . . . 2 11-5
6753 Judjce (S J. Daly) |113|2-... 3 1^ h 5 3 2^tJ. Daly.... 6 f 11
575^ !Dr Rowell (Blasingame Bros.)'lH>i 4 ... 4 I 5 4 h 4 1 Haack 12 30
5*02 ICa'sclne <B. & W.) |113|5 ... 5 42 3n 5 IBell 13-5 14-5
Tjn-.f. •24'« :4S 1:13 At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:39. Bear, place, 3-5; show, out. For
matter place 3-5; show. out. Judge, 6how. 1. Winner, br. c. by St. George-Saille
McAllister Trained by T. G. Ferguson. Scratched— Hill Curtis. Start good. Won
easily Third driving. Bearcatcher galloped. Cascine has a knee under suspicion, and
besidVs was Interfered with at start. Formatter ran his race. Judge found the pace
too hot. Dr. Rowell had speed.
An unusually large half-holiday
crowd, estimated at more than 6000,
viewed the running of.the Lissak hand
icap, over a mile, yesterday at Oakland.
• The luck of Walter Jennings, shows
no sign of faltering, for his mare
Dainty, ridden by the apprentice lad
Oliphant, finished first, with Claude
pecond and Fossil third. Shotgun, the
stable companion of Dainty, carrying
the top impost, 124 pound*, and the
mainstay of the stable, finished third
from lasu
- Perfect racing weather prevailed, the
track was fact and eleven starters tried
for the rich prize, with a gross valua
tion nf J3&90. of which sum the first
lyorce took $3330. The Jennings duo were
hold at 8 to 5. with lengthy odds against
any of the others. It was figured by
the shrewd ones that even if Shotgun
fell short Dainty was in so well that
she would acro::ipli?h the trick. Such
proved to h& the casp.
SHOTGUN OFF BADLY.
At th<* start Shotgun and Martinmas
¦were out off by Stuyve. which swerved
toward the inside, and the big horse
never had an opportunity to show what
he could do. Jockey Club made the run
ning for spven furlongs and was then
passed by Claude, the runner-up. Just
>vhen it looked as if Mike Daly's cam
1 .'dfrner might land. Oliphant came with
st rush on Dainty, winning cleverly by
more than a length in 1:39^4- Fossil,
which ran third throughout, took the
Fhow.
After thr«»e choices had been counted
out the next three came through with
out accident, and the books were hard
hit over their victories. Bearcatcher by
his impressive win of the last event is
again a public idol.
In the opening sprint, decided over
the Futurity course, the "Seattle Inter
ijthan" Clctma was away behind time.
For pome reason nobody seemed
to want a ticket on the mare, whereas
Jn pr«"-vio;:r; rac^s she was all the rage.
Her showing solved the problem, and
no questions asked. She could not
outfoot anything in the race. Pick-
FOOTBALL GAME
AT BERKELEY
For the First Time the Inter
collegiate Contest Will Be
Decided-' Outside This City
The intercollegiate athletic ; com
mittee of University of California and
Stanford University for this year met
last evening at the Palace Hotel and
formally organized. The committee is
composed of three representatives
from the California University, Ezra
Decota, E. J. Brown and Carl Parker,
and three from Stanford, C. M.NFick
ert. D. E. Brown and J. T. Nourse.
Fickert was chosen chairman and
Parker secretary of the committee.
It was decided to hold the inter
collegiate varsity football game this
year at Berkeley and the freshman
game at Stanford. The second Satur
day in November was selected as the
date of the varsity game and the
third Saturday in October for the
freshman game. Thereafter the
games will alternate each year be
tween the two universities. J
Consideration was eriven to the mat
ter of intercollegiate basket ball
games and it was finally decided to
abolish them. It was agreed that
the first of the baseball games shall
be played at Stanford in 1905, the ex
act date to be named later.
Another "matter taken up by the
committee referred to the award of
medals to first place trackmen, a cus
tom which it was decided to abolish,
the opinion of the members of the
committee being unanimous that, ath
letes should be content with the glory
their victorie's gain for the college.
The representatives from Berkeley re
ported that the work of preparing the
grounds for the varsity football .game
would begin early; to insure their
readiness before the date of the con
test •- - ;•??;> ¦ - •¦
away, a 15 to 1 shot, speedily took the
lead end at the wire was beaten but
a head by Saintly, the mount of Foley;
Matt Hogan was third. Cousin Car
rie also started, with Kunz up.
SOX OF EDDIE JOKES WINS.
An ordinary bunch of two-year-olds
started , in the baby race. On form
Edith Vice looked a shade the best
possibly and was installed a mild fa
vorite. The little filly made a re
markably game showing, only to be
outstayed and beaten a neck by
Gloomy Gus. The winner is the first
of the get of Kodie JCizeB, the latter a
son of Morello, to score brackets, and
was well ridden by Bell. Corn Blos
som ran third.
¦ There was as good as 6 to 1 about
Mocorito in the opening betting in the
six and a hp.ll" furlong selling affair,
and the old mare righted any wrongs
ehe may have wrought in her pre
vious excursion. She received splendid
handling at the hands of Jack
Martin, and, catching Sterling Towers
in the Ball home, reached her moor
ings firFt by two lengths. Bay Wonder
was third. Hainault, the favorite, was
even beaten out by the poorly ridden
Jane H«Uy.
Although J. C. Xealon's Rey Dare
looked an absolute certainty for the
mile and a furlong Felling number, the
books laid 4 to 5 against the brown
gelding. He was ridden by Hildebrand
and leisurely galloped in ahead of
Chickadee, the third choicee. The 1 Fret
ter secured show honors from Ethel
Abbott, the second choice.
BEARCATCHER IX FORM.
Garnet Ferguson's slashing colt Bear
catcher led his company the concluding
six f unions run a merry chase. Be
cause of a widely circulated tip on Cas
cine and the vast improvement
that Formaster was going to show, the
ring chalked up 8 to 5 against the Fer
guson entry. There was nothing to the
race from the start but Bearcatcher.
Getting away well the brown fellow
set a scorching clip, leading Formaster
past the judges • by two lengths,, with
plenty in reserve, in 1:13. Judge ran
third and Cascine last.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Bullman has been restored to good
standing by the Judges oi. promise of
better behavior. He can accept
mounts to-morrow. >•
Henry Spencer was to have had the
mount on Shot Gun, JSut Jack Martin
wanted it, so Spencer was out in the
cold. Jack didn't see where Dainty
had a chance with the big Artillery
horse and so cheated himself out of
a winning stake mount Oliphant,
who piloted Dainty, is in the employ
of Sidney Bender, and for the oppor
tunities he has had gives promise of
becoming a rider of note.
Bearcatcher is now the real tip
for the California Derby.
Cascine was sore again yesterday
and it is more than ; likely . that. Bell
did not deserve all the harsh criti
cism he fell heir to on Thursday.
Xocd lectures on Race* Suicide.
France had almost twenty-six thou
sand more deaths than births last year,
a record variously interpreted by her
publicists and statisticians, but look
ing to outsiders much as if the nation
was in need of an' able corps- of lec
turers on race suicide to stump the
country from the Pyrenees to the Brit
ish Channel, the Government backing
them up by offering premiums for large
families and decorations for larger
ones, with public honors for those who
play the limit, as it werei and sur
round themselves with a dozen or so
of offspring in the copious manner of
Germany, where nothing in particular
is thought of it.— New York Tribune.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUXRV 21, 1904.
36
A-DVEETISEHEElfTS.
1 !i Ire? "** /\ 1 I
1 1 1Vh!> I might with *<jual eueceM H
1 1 turn my attention to the cure of all B
I [ botflly allmer.ts. I feel safer In ccn- E
| f.T.:.F my pr&etlfe to the diseases I
{ I that have claimed rey entire time and R
I energy in mastering for the past 17 |j
M years. My methods of treailr.4 men H
& aro a resu!t of rar own study and ex- M
Q perirnco. They are the method* that M
I have roade me a successful specialist, f
t ano er» orsotie»d by no phynlclan ether Bt
¦ I than myself. Failure by them is an R
I Irnporelliility. t~
1 Weakness I
I A <jurrtien of restoring the prortate F,
f pland f> Its normal etate. and this I B
t acccirpllsh promptly and completely. K
f My treatm*r.t le a local one entirely. ZZ
! I .It .f original and 6rtentific. and has H
M been proven absolutely effective by Jl
Jl thousands cf tests. I am convinced Q
II that by no other methods can full and I
|1 ccmplete restoration of strength and H
E Hear be accomplished. fl
j BE. O. C. JOS£EZT |l
l] The Leadlnr Specftsist. H
[I ! Hy (eu are fair; my careai B
1 1 I are permanent; yon can pay H
I J^when enred. I rj
(j Gonorrhoea 1
I j This la one -of the disease* I cure by L
j l my cwti modern methods. I ne» a epe- 1}
f I cia! Irrigation system In my prmctic«, if
II end altof ether nev derices for instai- fj
IJ latlor?. I cure Gonorrhoea PERMA- B
H NENTTT^T Jn from 3 to 10 days. I am' K
H i. ':'.<; to do this because I frequently ex- f
I am!ne the canal by means of a small I
M electric llrht and am enabled to treat m
I j each dl5ea»ed part »eparatelr and Intel- p
jl llKenUy. Following my treatment there H
I are no a.fter resulu. Ther* Is no etric- H
| ture to fear, and no chronic condition H
I isoiretimes called rle«t) erer occurs. H
I X alao care with the iami ua- 9
1 ?arylnjr raoce»» Lort Manliood, ¦
Seminal Weatnesi, Spexmator- V-
rboea, Varicocele, Dltrues of tae Q
Prostate Gland, Unnatural Zrctses, U
Stricture. Ccutajrious Blood Poison K
and all Sleeasac conunan to Kea. H
Cocstatation a-nd advice free. H
Home Treatment |
I» sJwsys certain end satisfactory. My a
copyrighted pamphlet. "lAv All Tour 9
le«rs a Man." free at office or by 3
I tsall. . • , fl
| DR.-O. C. JOSLEIM |
W Cor- Market and Xearay Streets. Is
|J Private Entrance— 702 Market St. K
• Office Hours— Week d&j-s, » a m. to » H
H^ •. Bi.; Sundays. » a. m. to i pTa H
¦ ¦m mir
g • ADVERTISEMENTS. •
WRECKS THE NERVES AND
UNDERMINES THE HEALTH
Rheumatism is not only the most painful, but oftentimes the most formidable and dan-
gerous of all diseases. The constitution gives way, nerves are wrecked, health undermined
and life made a misery and torture by the terrible pains and aches. Rheumatism is bad
enough, even in its lightest form; but when it becomes chronic and the muscles and sinews
grow hard and stiff and. the joints immovable and fixed, it shows what the disease can do,
and the far-reaching effects of this most terrible of all human maladies. Rheumatism is
caused by uric, lactic and other acid particles in the blood, and every muscle, joint and
fibre that these- acid poisons touch become inflamed and sore, tender and painful. These
acids cause fermentation in the blood, rendering it sour and unfit for the proper nourishment
of the body. The nervous system breaks down for lack of rich, pure blood; the skin becomes
red, swollen, feverish and puffy; the disease is aggravated and the pain intensified by every
movement of muscle or joint; and there is no rest *£ rtV1 , M , ._
r , , , . £ ' .• £p •» Sidney, Ohio, Aug. 28, 190&
or ease for the almost frantic sufferer as long as A few months ago T wa6 feeliag weak
the blood remains m this abnormal and unnat- and unable to sleep at night. I felt extremely bad,
Ural condition. When Rheumatism is in the and al§o had rheumatic pains in my joints and mns-
blood and System you may expect all Sorts of com- oles - The doctors* medicine only gave me temporary
plications. The heart-muscles often are affected, "»ef «t best ; so seeing SS. S. highly recomm^ded
i-, -i , -.,..,' for snch troubles, I began its use, and after takine it
causing irregularity and weakness of this vital for some time was wcll pleased with the results . s It
Organ. The liver and kidneys act slowly, the did away with the rheumatic pains, gave me refresh-
Stomach, digestion and appetite fail, all because ing sleepand built up my general system, giving me
bf a too acid, SOUr and Unhealthy blood. KxpOS- strength and energy. It is a good medicine, without
ure to cold and wet, night air, damp,, foggy a donbt ' - and l take ' P lea8rare ta recommending it.
weather and chilly east winds, make Rheumatism S ' * B0UGHT0N -
worse and are exciting causes, but the real source of the disease is in the blood.. Arteries
and veins are fired with the poisonous acids, and exposure is the match that sets the whole
'circulation aflame, and brings out all the distressing symptoms of Rheumatism.
Home remedies, such as liniments, blisters and plasters* have a place in the treatment
of Rheumatism in certain stages. When properly applied they relieve temporarily the
pain and redness, the inflammation and swelling ; but you can never reach the real seat of
the disease from without; the cure must come from within, and it requires a remedy that
can bring the blood back to its original purity, that can relieve the circulation of all
irritating acids and stimulate the sluggish organs and all parts of the system before a
permanent cure of Rheumatism is effected. S. S. S. acts as a purifier of the blood, toning np
the nervous system; it neutralizes and filters out of the blood the, acids and poisons and
restores it; to a pure and healthy state, and arouses all the bodily organs to better action,
and the waste and refuse that has been collecting in the system is promptly carried off
'¦¦"^^¦^^- through the natural channels; and the cause of Rheu-
r^^3 f/"^ iTj | ""*ui mat ism being removed, the pains and aches stop.
V^nT^ v^jlT^ tL^im^ S. S. S. contains no mercury, potash, opiates, alkalies
or ot^ er harmful drugs, but is a guaranteed strictly vege-
fcL fc 1 iN^ff B frw B table compound. Where the nerves have been wrecked
!*^ZZ^ *^Z<r and the health undermined ) S. S. S. will, be found the
'^n— ttr jd ea i remedy, as it enriches and invigorates the thin,
acid blood, and at the same time builds up the debilitated system. Until the blood has
been thoroughly cleansed and purified there is no permanent relief from the tortures of
Rheumatism. Write for our special book on Rheumatism, containing much information
which every sufferer will find interesting and useful. If in need of medical advice, our
physicians will gladly furnish it without charge.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA. GA.ONE OF THE SUCCESSFUL
TEAMS IN THE CALIFORNIA
TENNIS CLUB'S TOURNAMENT.
Several good matches were played
by the Scottish bowlers on the. Recre
ation Park green yesterday afternoon.
The closest match was a . doubles be
tween John McLaren and- Alexander
Hay and Ai Vickar and - J. W. Stott.
The outcome was in doubt until the
last end was played. McLaren and
Hay won 21 to 20. '-Another close
match was that in which Y. C. Law
son and G. C. Patterson beat J. C.
Moffatt and H. L. Tickner 21 to 19.
The best bowling, of the day was done
in this match.
Three other games were played, but
they were, one-sided.. Dr. Gunn and
Joseph Black beat W. R. 'Eaton and
J.: M. Duncan 21, to 9. Dr. Hamilton
and D. O'Brien beat Robert Park and
J. McLachlan 21 to :. 7. , A. Foreman
and .Y." C. Lawson beat J. C. Moffatt
and H. L. Tickner 21 to 9. ..;:'. . >
Two Special Matches in Doubles by
Well Known I" layers Provide
Interesting Sport.
SCOTTISH BOWLERS MEET
AT RECREATION PARK
OMAHA, Neb., Jan. 23.— Mrs. Otllle
Hauptstuck of San Francisco, who was
taking the body of her husband to
Germany for burial, and who was
taken from a Union Pacific train a
week ago suffering from an accident
sustained at the docks in San Francisco,
died to-day. The woman was uncon
scious when removed from the train,
and the fact that she was in charge of
a corpse was not known for several
days. The body of her husband had
disappeared and railway officials are
now trying to locate it. Nothing is
known of the woman's California rela
tives.
SAN FRANCISCO WOMAN
DIES ON WAY EAST
Mr4. Otllle Hanptstuck Starts to Ger
many With Husband's Body and
Succumbs in Nebraska.
As Pacific Coast Interests grow greater and
become more diversified united action by Pa
cific Coast representatives Is Indispensable.
The coast has a common cause. Its representa
tives should make a common cause in the
halls of natlonat legislation. In years paat
needless Internecine strife has cost the Pacific
Coast States millions. Appropriations by the
national Government that should have been
irfade have-been lost. through wrangles of Pa
cific Coast communities and the reflected in
fluence of these wrangles at Washington. The
representatives of other States have fanned
and utilized Pacific Coast prejudices. These
clever gentlemen have outwardly mourned and
inwardly rejoiced at the miscarriage of Pacific
Coast appropriations. Happily conditions have
changed. The Representatives In Senate and
House of the several' Pacific Coast States and
Territories are working harmoniously for Pa
cific Coast Interests. They have learned,
through varied experience, that desired whole
sale legislation may only be secured through
united effort. There Is a . disposition to pool
Issues and pull together.
The. men from the Pacific realize that di
vision of sentiment means defeat: they realize
VALUE OF UNITED ACTION.
taken for amending the bill, and the Indica
tions promise official recognition of redwood.
As redwood is superior to pine for permanent
structural use, the value of official tests ot red
wood, on scientific lines. Is beyond dispute.
The growing popularity of redwood in Eastera
markets enhances the Importance and empha
sizes the necessity of scientific indorsement.
that the administration, the great depart
ments, the Senate, the House and the bureaus
that Influence legislation, have been too often
halted by prejudiced protests. The men from
the Pacific realize . that - their respective con
stituencies have a community of Interest.
They are no longer pulled to and fro by lnc.nl
prejudices. They work, together for Paclfio
Coast progress. It is to-day as It should t>-.
all for one and one for all. The other State*
hava in times past reaped rich harvests from
crops of discord raised on the shores of UM
Pacific. ¦ The new era, the era of peace among
Pacific Coast Representatives at Washington,
should bring the Pacific Coast States Into their
own. The change comes none too soon. Th*
Pacific and trans-Pacific developments hav»
multiplied the legislative needs of the Pacific
Coast. In the light of the progress and pros
pects of Pacific Coast States, the coloring of
legislation through local prejudices were trea
son to the people who have made the Far
West. The coast Is developing with such
rapidity and on «o many lines that favoring
legislation at Washington Is of national con
cern. For the Pacific Coast offers a great and
growing home market for American products
and is the great Asiatic trade base. Th«
menfbera of the California delegation to th»
last man are working for the commercial pre
eminence of the Pacific Coast. They are Indus
triously tnd intelligently forwarding the com
mercial interests of the State. They richly de
serve popular confidence and popular support.
I have the honor to be very respectfully yours.
. WILLIAM M. BUSKCK.
Representative at Washington. I>. C. of th«
Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco.
THE BIG TREE PARKS.
Hon. George C. Perkins, senior Senator
from California, and Hon. James X. Glllett
have respectively, introduced Into the Senate
and House a bill to acquire title to the two
grove3 of big trees in Calaveras County, with
a view to making national parks thereof. The
bills are Identical. They provide that the
Secretary of the Interior shall buy the groves
at a sum not exceeding $200,000. The San
Francisco Chamber of. Commerce has Instructed
Its representative at Washington to promote
the pa«sace of the measure, which is being
actively pushed. The Outdoor Art League of
California,"- the Women's Auxiliary of the
American Park and Outdoor Art Association,
a national organization, and many affiliated
Improvement- clubs, as well as many public
men are co-operating with the people of Cali
fornia In their efforts to preserve the big
tree* The office of the Ws?h!ncton represen
tative of the Chamber In a correspondence
center for the organizations working for this
crpat national measure. The favorable In
fluences, stimulated by the Outdoor Art League
Of California, the directing ngency of the great
salvation enterprise, represent all the centers
of thought of the country.. >These influences
¦ ra working harmoniouslv on the theory that
th« preservation or these peerless products of
nature Is a national affair. ...
The Government is studying the chemistry of
structural materials. An investigation directed
bv the Geological Survey has made excellent
progress. 'The reports serve the lumbering In
terests and are of popular and practical value.
Pacific Coast woods are being tested by the
University of California.. Hon. Addison Q.
Foster or Washington Is the author of a Sen
ate bill -appropriating $30,000 for testing the
tensile strength of fir and other woods. This
amount is : to be used In continuing the testa
now in progress. An It I* desirable: that red
wood, an exclusive- product of California, shall
be. specifically. named in th* Foster bill as one
of the woods used for testing purposes,- the aid
of the chamber has been invoked by the red
wood-Interests. The proper ' steps have been
1003, Hon. W. A. Jones. Commissioner of In
dian Affairs, wrote to the Secretary of the
Interior recommending an appropriation of
$10,000 for the maintenance at Jan Francisco
of a permanent warehouse for Indian supplies.
There are reasons for assuming that an ap
propriation ot this kind will carry In the pres
ent Congress. The economic necessity of this
warehouse has Impressed Itself on the Govern
ment and may no longer be evaded. The rea
soning that applies to other branches of th«
Government as to the use of this Pacific coast
baseVppllcs with equal force to Indian af
fairs. Commissioner Jones officially says that
there is. much more reason for a permanent
warehouse tn San Francisco than In some of
the cities where such warehouses are main
tained.
The Committee on Commerce, through Sen
ator Perkins, has favorably reported on the
bill providing for tho erection of buildlncs for
an immlsrant station at San Francisco. The
bill appropriates $200,000 for the .erection of
the station. It is Indorsed by Secretary Cor
telyou of the Department of Commerce and
Labor, who says that, in order to avoid the
difficulties arising from attempts to communi
cate with the detained aliens, the buildings
should be located on Government land. In the
harbor of San Francisco. Isolation from the
mainland Is also deemed necessary for sani
tary reasons. ¦ from the fact that communi
cable disease? are peculiarly prevelent among
aliens from the Oriental countries.
Various agencies have worked many months
for the establishment at San Francisco of a
'permanent warehouse for Indian supplies. At
the second session of the Fifty-seventh Con
gress an Item providing for such a warehouse
was favored by the Senate and thrust aside
by a House committee. Under date of January,
INDIAN SUPPLIES.
In Eastern cities. This fact Is admitted ty
army officers. But there is no military ware
house at San Francisco. And there Is the
rub. . Army supplies are often purchased for
future use and must be stored in military
buildings. Certain supplies for use in the Pa
cific island possessions that could be advan
tageously - bought in San Francisco if deliv
erable at San Francisco are bought elsewhere
because the Government requires delivery at
Jefferscnvllle. In the absence of military
.warehouse accommodations at San Francisco
these supplies, to be carried in stock and used
an needed, must be delivered at JefTerson
ville. The present interest of the service and.
the prospective emergency demands of the
service certainly justify the War Department
In erecting at San Francisco a large and mod
ern warehouse.
I respectfully suggest tn the members of the
chamber a careful examination of the statis
tics contained in the annual report, as It tvill
not only enable them to realize the Increase
cf our commerce during the year, but will as
sist them In comparing the commercial im
portance of this city with that or others
throughout the country.
The annual reports of the chamber are In
great demand among commercial organizations
throughout the world, as It Is realized that
they are carefully complied and contain the
best available Information upon the subjects
mentioned. *
In addition to the regular meetings, one
special meeting of the chamber and four special
meetings of the board have been held during
The rooms of the. chamber have been loaned
for various purposes fifteen times- In some
cases the meetings lasted several days.
The additions to the library have be*n very
gratifying, 2«J9 volumes end pamphlets have
been donated and thirteen purchased. This
do**s not, however, represent the actual num
ber of volumes, as many of the works included
In the list under one subject comprise a num
ber of volumes. A special feature In our
library Is the number of publications which we
obtain fr»m the national Government which
have been largely increased since j the estab
lishment of the bureau of the chamber In
Washington. We not only receive the principal
publications of the different departments, but
the Congressional Record and copies cf all bills
Introduced in Congress In any way affecting
th* Pacific Coaat.
The report of the treasurer shows a pros
perous condition of the finances of the cham
ber.
Secretary E. Scott's annual report
contained nothing but encouragment
for the men who have labored so hard
and intelligently to make the cham
ber's influence felt. The report was
as follows:
I acain have the honor of presenting to. you
the usual annual reports and xynopsts of
transactions, which show in a measure the
work of the chamber during the past year and
which relate almost entirely to subjects pre
sented and acted upon by the chamber and
board of trustees. To form, however, a more
complete Idea of the work of the chamber. It
would be necessary to look over the general
correspondence, which covers very many sub
jects not Included in the synopsis of transac
tion)", hundreds of letters having been re
ceived requesting Information upon the general
resources and industries of the State and hun
dreds more requesting » specific Information
bearing upon almost every conceivable Indus
try. This miscellaneous correspondence has
Eteadily Increased from year to year. I have
encouraced It as much as possible by replying
to every; letter and fumJshlnr the best Infor
mation obtainable in line with the requests
made.
the Growing Influence of the Or
ganization.
Increasing Correspondence Indicates
Continued from P«g^ 35, Column 7.
SECRETARY REPORTS
CHAMBER'S CONDITION
Secure Sucli a Commanding Lead as
to Insure a Victory in the
• Championship Match.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23. — The Eu-
I gene Bowling Club of San Francisco
1 defeated the- All-Star team of X.os An
geles in the first series of five games of
a return match in the easiest kind of
style on Morley's alleys to-night. At
the end of the fifth game the San
Franciscans had a lead on the night's
series of 421 pins and a lead on the
fifteen games rolled thus far of 308
pins. This will probably be sufficient
to win the match, as it Is not thought
the local bowlers can materially re
duce this lead in the five games to be
played to-morrow night.
The work of the Los Angeles men
was a surprise as well as a disappoint
ment to their partisans. Not one of
the five men rolled in good form. Dy
singer and Gilman, the two most de
pendable bowlers on the team, were
unable to locate the head pin. Per
sistent ill-luck followed the locals all
through the play. The Los Angeles
men were able to make a gain In but
one game — the third: — whiclrthey won
by twenty-three pins. Leap, for San
Francisco, rolled a strong and steady
game except in the third. His aver
age for the five games was 206. The
match will be concluded to-morrow
night with a series of five games. The
scores: * - , ¦¦•
EUGENES.
Rusiell ...200 171 168 180 182
Leap 223 230 157 210 210
Thorpe .197 224 168 197 171
Shave 21S 170' 204 102 1P«
Bertelsen 172 169 178- 162 172
Totals *.10O7 Mi 875 941 893
IjOS ANGELES.
Dyalnger 176 155 191 188 157
I>e 168 164 184 159 171
Gilman 132 204 19.1 145 150
I^acey 1S8 165 204 13a 158
Simpson ........... 157 170 136 178 190
Total* 871 84S 898 809 833
EUGENES/EASILY OUTBOWL
THE LOS ANGELES PLAYERS
COMMISSIONER BUNKER'S REPORT
feid. Jame* W. Reid. James Ito!ph Jr.
George A. .Smith, James B. Smith. K. V.
Saunders, Llppmann Sachs. W. W. Saint. John
C Shlpp. Frank W. Sumner. Julian Sonntan,
Henry 1*. Sonntap. J. M. Shawhan. A. M.
Simpson. Walter Sutton, Frank J. Symme«,
A. Sbarboro, Charles H. Spear, W. B. Sealey,
E. Scott. > .
Thomas Thomson. A. G. Towne, R. L.
TopHtz.
O. F. von Rhein.
I'.olla V. Watt. A. P. Williams. C. Worm
»<>r William M. Weil. \V. R. Wheeler, George
Whitttll. Whtttell Jr.*. A. A. Watk'.ns.
CLEVELAND. O., Jan. 23.— The
Grand Jury to-day returned an Indict
ment against George A. Rose, cashier
of the Produce Exchange National
Bank, which closed Its doors yesterday.
Rose, is charged with having embezzled
$189,000 of the bank's funds. A warrant
for his arrest was immediately issued,
following the report of the Grand Jury.
Subsequently Rose was taken into cus
tody and locked up In jail. It Is un
derstood ihat he will be given a hear
ing, on Monday. •
Accused of Having Embezzled $189,
000 or Funds of Institution That
Has Suspended.
CASHIER OF NATIONAL
BANK UNDER ARREST
VENTURA, Jan. 23.— The charred re
mains of William M. Stuart were dis
covered upon the bleak mountain side
above Bardsvale last night.
Ten days ago a fierce fire swept the
mountains In that section and Stuart
in endeavoring to save his little prop
erty evidently had been overcome and
then burned to death. He was unmar
ried.and lived alone in a remote can
yon of the mountains. His absence
was not noticed until Thursday, when
he failed to keep an appointment with
his brother, Joseph Stuart of Penrose.
The latter became alarmed and head
ing a searching party started out early
yesterday.
Coroner Beckley, who was summoned
tf> the score, empaneled a jury, which
rendered a verdict of accidental death.
The deceased was a native of Maine,
71 years of age. He was a brother of
Dr. S. I.. Stuart of this county.
The feature to-day will be a match
between Herbert Schmidt'of the Cali
fornia Club and Clarence Griffin of the
Golden Gate Club. It will be played on
the California courts at 2:30 o'cl6ck.
At .the park the handicap doubles
commenced several weeks ago will be
completed. * .
Seml-flnals Miss Valleau and Schmidt
(owe 2-0) V5. Ml«s M. RatclifTo and Strlna
ham (owe 3-6); MIfs E. Ratcliffe and Hardy
(owe 15 2-6) vs. Miss Hotchkiss and Allen
(owe ; 5-6.) . -
First round — Mian Bessie Valleau and II
Schmidt' (owe 2-6) beat Miss Dollle MacGavin
ar.d Harry McAfee (30), 6-2, 6-0; Miss rtat
cllffe and Stringham (owe 3-6) beat Miss Page
and Cornell (scratch), 6-4, 6-0: Miss Ratcliffa
and Hardy (owe 15 2-6) beat Miss Edna Davis
and B. U Wallace (30), 6-1, 7-5: Miss Hazel
Hotchkiss and Will Allen (oweT>-«) beat Mi«s
Alice Hoffman and W. B. Collier (owe 3-6),
by default.
Preliminary round — Miss Elltn Page and
Ray Cornell (scratch) beat Miss Ethel Smith
and Chester Smith (owe 2-8), 4-6, ~-5 t j-6"
Miss Mary RatcllfTe and Frank Strincha'ii
(owe S-li) beat Miss Alicia Mills and Harry
Rolfe (scratch), 6-1; 6-3: MIm Ethel Ratcliffe
and Dr. Sumner Hardy (owe 15 2-6) beat Miss
Anita Beyfuss and A. B. Beyfuss (4-6), 6-4,
6-4.
Miss Valleau and Schmidt won a one
sided match from Miss MacGavin and
Harry McAfee. The losers received the
limit— "30"— but it was not enough.
Schmidt and Miss Valleau will have a
hard time beating Miss M. Ratcliffe and
Stringham with the nominal odds of
"owe 1-6," but they have a chance. The
men are about even, but Miss Ratcliffe
rather outclasses Miss Valleau. i
The other match in the semi-finals
will be between Miss E. Ratcliffe and
Dr. Hardy and Miss Hotchkiss and
Will Allen. The latter will receive odds
of "owe 3-6," and stand more than an
even chance of winning. Miss Hotch
kiss is probably the best lady player In
the tournament. The winner of this
match will in all probability win the
tournament. The remaining, matches
will be played next Saturday afternoon
at 2 o'clock.
Following is the tournament by
rounds:
Miss May RatcUffe and Stringham
were "3-C" back of scratch, and from
that mark beat. Miss Mills and Harry
Rolfe and Miss Page and Cornell easily.
Miss Hotchkiss and Allen got their
place without playing a match. They
drew in the first round and there got a
default from Miss Alice Hoffmann and
Will Collier.
The closest match of the day was that
between Miss Ethel Smith and
Chester Smith and Miss Ellen Page and
Ray Cornell. The former were "2-6"
back of scratch, while the latter were
at scratch. The handicap proved jugt
right, as all three gets were exceedingly
long and close. Smith and Smith won
the first set, and with a lead of 4—1 In
the second looked like sure winners.
Mis-s Page and Cornell played a good
up-hill game and won the set, 7 — 5. The
third set was a repetition of the second.
Smith" and Smith led at 4—2, but were
passed and beaten, 8—6. All four played
good tennis in this match.
The four remaining teams had an easy
time reaching tfye semi-finals. Dr. Sum
ner Hardy was substituted for Drum
mond MacGavin, and was easily the
best player among the men. He and
Miss E. Ratcliffe "owed 13 2-6." They
beat the Beyfuss team and Miss Edna
Davis and Bradley Wallace" without
any trouble.
Eleven teams entered, and of that
number but four were left when dark
ness set in. The successful teams were
Miss Bessie Valleau of Alameda and
Herbert Schmidt. Miss Mary Ratcliffe
of Berkeley and Frank Stringham, Miss
Ethel Ratdiffe of Berkeley and Dr.
Sumner Hardy and Miss Hazel Hotch
kiss of Berkeley and Will Allen. As far
as the ladies are concerned the honors
easily go to Alameda County, as not
one of the local girls qualified.
The handicaps in most cases were too
small, and only one match of the eight
went three sets.
The mixed doubles tennis tournament
played on the California Club courts
yesterday afternoon was the most inter
esting event of the kind ever held .In
the city. It was a handicap tourney,
open to all lady players, but restricted
to California Club men. The cleverest
players from both sides pf the bay par
ticpated, and there was more class than
usual.
Remains of a Resident in
a Remote Canyon in Ventura
Found After a Forest Fire
MAN PERISHES
IN THE FLAME
PANAMA, Jan. 23. — Heated debates
on religious questions marked the. sit
tings of the constitutional convention
held last night and to-day. Several
members favored an arrangement sim
ilar to the one existing between the
Colombian Government and the
church, while others desired the abso
lute separation of church and state. Av
to-day's sitting: the discussion of the
matter was progressing with appar
ently no prospects of a conclusion be
ing reached when Dr. Amador pro
posed the following:
"The profession of all religions as
also the exercise of the forms of wor
ship shall be free, without. limitations
than respect for Christian morality and
public order. Nevertheless, it is recog
nized that the Catholic religion is that
of a majority of the Inhabitants of the
republic, and the laws will provide as
sistance toward the foundation of a
seminary in the capital, and missions
for savage tribes."
This was approved.
Article 14, which was also the subject
of discussion, was approved. It is as
follows:
"Ministers of religion are excepted
froan charges for and employment in
the public serf ice, civil or military, re
muneration for which is made by the
public treasury."
It Is Agreed That Government
Will Provide Funds for Cath
olic Seminary at Capital
PRIVILEGES FOR CLERGY
Constitutional Convention Has
Adopted Declar
ing Equal Rights for All
Charles H. Spear, president of the
\ Ftate Beard of Harbor Commissioners,
I read an instructive paper descriptive
of what the policy of the board is and
: the work it has en hand. Its purpose,
• he eaid, is to discontinue all Improve
; jntnts that cannot be classified as per
: manent. He denounced the necessity
that makes importers utilize the
wharves for warehouses, and said the
practice must be abolished If the city
wants to keep up with the ever grow
ing demand upon its dockage facili
. ties. He contradicted the report that
San Francisco is regarded by shipping
men as an expensive port, and cited
figures to show that Boston and Seat
tip, whose harbors are largely con
trolled by private corporations, are
more costly to ships that visit them
than is this port, controlled by the
State. When pending extensions are
completed, San Francisco will have the
best wharfage facilities in the world,
p.nd' the Interest on the bonds issued
to effect the" improvements will be
* ! eared from the money saved by the |
abcJltion of wooden driveways and \
bulkheads. ..— \
' Mr. Ncwhall thanked Mr. Spear for \
his instructive address and assured him
that the Chaml>er of Commerce is
heartily in accord with the Harbor
Board's efforts to advance the shipping
interests of San Francisco.
The final of the series was
delivered by H. D. Loveland. president
<>f the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Man
i:facturers' Association. He told the
history of that organization, saying
ihat. like all other movements, it was
born of want and necessity. The cause
of its being was the desire of the busi
refrs men of San Francisco to protect
their interests in the matter of trans
continental railroad freight charges.
IJST OF THE BANQUETERS.
Among those that attended the ban
(juet^were:
Frank P. Ar.dcrfon. Charles P.. Allen. M.
, ('.- Al<*xa»"".d«T n. Atschu!.
•• F. E. Keck. Kmlle Uauer. Samuel Eurgfr,
K. E. JWgrn. Morrie L". Rates. Frank 1..
Brown. Henry Urunner. Charlrg E Bancroft,
A. R Uri.Tgs. Chest :-r W. Burks. C*pUin
John Harrison.
Arthur H. C*«>t>. Arthur E. Castle, n A.
. CroUiera, Gcorgp D. Cooper. Jame* Coffin.
John II. N. «'iausrn. A. Ch«»sebroug;h. Julius
C*Jin. Hugh Oraijr. N. P. Chlpman.
nrUUun 4. IJution. E. n. Dlmond Henry
D'-rnham. It. L». Dunn.
.!. Everting. Dwtpht Edward*.
A. w. Poster, E. W. Ferguson, Christian
Fro'li- a. M. J. Fontana.
.!. C. <Jie*ting. George F. Gray. H M
Goldberg. • < . B. Goldberg. M. S. Grin-
Uum.
A. W. HjEjrins. J. J. Haviside. O. M
Hall. P. W. Hills. H. Z. Howard. II J j
Hill. Sf. C Harrison. H. G. H?Hman 'W
H. Hsnnam. C. H. Hunt.
R. C. Irvir.g.
T. I, Johnson. C. R. Johnson, J. Jeneen,
r.uf;is P. Jerming?. S. P. Johnston.
Jam's n. Kelly. Fred J. Roster, A. Kains
r. II. K*ye*. *- M. Kir.g.
II. I). L/>ve!«n<5 . William Lewis. E. R.
Lilirntha!. J. F. Lawless. James K. Lynch
.Tfctn'R McNab. WilJIatn E. Mighell, W.
Mar iiinsoirh. Ining F. Moulton, A. W. M*
hn«», \V. C. M. McCioekcy. J. M»tcaJfe,
ljfr-\td\& Miche<g, Letter L. Mcrse. William
Mais'-n. ("harles Main. William A. &Iag»e,
rrofepiiir Ucroard Mow??.
<^oree A. NcarbaU. K. W. Xewhall.
*n. Onffpoy.
John Partri^cp. Wales L. Palmer, Professor ¦
, Cerl P>hr.
Purr«»ll r.'iwf. Ix>ui« P^yenffld. Henrj' Ttogfn- '
Professor Bernard Moses was asked
to say something: about the Philippines.
«nd be said enough about the Orient in
general and Oriental trade possibilities
in particular to arouse his hearers to a
high pitch of enthusiasm. He predicted
the passage of Senator Frye's bill to
•extend coastwise shipping privileges to
the Philippines, and' declared that the
enactment of the meSteure Trill be a
mighty factor in promoting the mer
cantile marine business of San Fran
cisco. Among other things it will de
velop the manufacture on this coast of
Manila hempen rope.
Professor Moses then pointed to the
trade possibilities that will result from
[the opening up of China. Fifty years
ago, he said, Japan was as backward
as China now is, devoting all her activ
ity to the production of food to feed
her people. Since* the ports of Japan
have been opened, however, the people
pf that country have transferred their
attention from rice-growing to manu
facturing for export, and now receive
the greater part of their food supply
from abroad. So it will be in China
she has open markets. Then she
will be a greater field for our com
merce than South America could pos
sibly be.
A. A. Watkir.s, president of the City
Board of Trade, made a brief and face
tious address that had nothing what
ever to do with the subject of trade.
and the chairman humorously chided
him for dodging the question.
Professor Carl C. Plehn, dean of the
Oollepe of Commerce of the University
cf California, told of what that institu
. tion is doing in the way of promoting
scientific commerce. The college of
Commerce, he explained, aims to do for
thf business man what the Department
of Agriculture is doing for the fanner.
In commerce there are many subjects
that require scientific treatment — such
as the effect of tariffs upon different
commodities from those upon which*
they are directly levied, and to give en
lightenment on these questions the Col
lege of Commerce is ready to devote
research.
HARBOR MATTERS. .
PROFESSOR MOSES' SPEECH.
dress the chairman stated that the sub
ject cf establishing: free pilotage is now
under consideration by the chamber.
FREE WORSHIP
IN PANAMA
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE BANQUET.
Contlnncd From Page 35, Column 5.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1904.
Four Teams of the Eleven Which Took Part During
the Day Remain to Contest on Another Occa
sion for First Honors on California Club Courts
TENNIS DOUBLES TOURNAMENT
RESULTS IN SPIRITED MATCHES
37
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ADVERTISEMENTS. _ _„ V.
laBBHHHBEBHaHnnHBEaHBBHHHaBHnaHaHBHannaBaaHnnnnaHHnnnoannanaannnDnn^
i I m* K*^^^^^^^^i^^^(Jr No man should be weak; no man should suffer the loss of that vital element
I 1 Hyg»tti^>Ha5^Kgaay5g*^TWflf which renders life worth living:. So man should allow himself to become less a
' 1 Ijfllp^^^Er^WwBHln^tB man than nature intended him; no man should suffer for th« alns of his youth.
I ¦-. ffl&tyi •- when there is here at hand a certain cure for his weakness, a check to his waste
I «M l\ Most of the pains, most of the weakness of stomach, heart, brain and nerves.
1 »?lwv£& TgJBgBlSiBSBBai from which you men suffer, are due to an early loss of nature's reserve power
I I jpfiffi*fc_ v - 'through mistakes of youth. You need not suffer for this. You can be- restored.
i SS^f^^k^ * he Vt?ry elcment wn'ch you have lost you can get back, and you may be as hap-
I ] M^Sg(aiBah>i My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory (free) Trill restore your
' jJSjHjpHSfi& «£i»*ia£^ffr power. It will check all unnatural drains and Rive back the old vigor of youth.
I w3»£1«mF-&» W^iwiaBZj • S- Ic Cu!sten, Los Angeles, Cal.: I am more than pleased to be able to tell
aSfiwBBhgMBi ¦•' ¦ \BBfcSMH you that after wearing your Belt but ono month I was completely cured. There
• BMWjH^WgBa.%1. % \ IPJHMbHmII 1s not tlie least traci* of my old trouble remaining; and it in my opinion that your
• 1 WMSStTOj3wi!L\k\ I fclEflwJufll treatment is the greatest remedy extant. I assure you that It will be a great
j . igB|^»i^^^anL^«P|BMBJBBy pleasure to me to recommend the Belt whenever I can, for It has saved my
I . |MBKj^Sia^^^||^lEEBaBff This drain upon your power causes Kidney Trouble, Rheumatism and Stomach
I - IraJEttilwEF^OTiMii iBBBflLl Ailments; you know it's a loss of vital power and affects every organ of the body.
' Era*it^*££«flJ»*ift5l flg^fill ilost of the ailments from which men suffer can be traced to it.
j , ESBiBwgg5Sra!5fll8g BJB I have cured thousands of men who havs squandered the savings of years in
. My Belt is easy to use; put It on when you go to bed: you feel the glowins
TOIBff l!myMfcM»BB^^mi heat from it (no sting or burn as In old style belts), and you feel the nerves tln-
! wMf^S^^i^raK^^^S You eet U P in he marnl ng feeling like a two-year-old.
' y -Jr SBBBBSH^B I" <? mSSt Alfred S. Ilamlin, 105 Elm street. Reno. N«v. : My health has improved wnn-
I • f % f_\ JCPiJiKjJrM. W I f w/JSSt derfully during the past month. I feel better In every respect than I ever did.
I i&WFzMtttmi&n? TJ jjmMI ' My back is stronger and 1 am better generally.
j /Spf^fSsIx^ jW^wS^Jlisfa An old m . an of ~° savs he feels as strong and young as he did at 33. That
//k^K^J^^^^^^ffiaV^0^^ U cures . Rlieumatism - Sciatic Pains. Lumbago, Kidney Trouble. It banishes
! fl%?w'^#(^^ l^^t4i5'®m Mr - Geor & e Tanner. Watsonville. Cal.. says: I wore the Belt only a few times
I ¦ fffffflSffire i Jfraftffiffif^'fflujWi *vhen all pain and weakness left my back. I recommended It to a friend up
' fywMWiyflw ' BMwMlfflBaVjWftH north who had lame back for years, and he received wonderful results.
I BBBMT«f /mWBBMM w>3K»» What alls you? Write and tell me. and. no matter where you are. I think I
1 BWiyTT^ffilTCmiiriiffi™^^™-™* can K' ve vou tne address of some one in your town that I have cured. I've cured
¦ TTlHrflffi^ /JTjBBIHgiMlMfflBpC, ' thousands, and every man of them Is a walking advertisement for my Belt.
I gfcgBWS j/t^Hfi8BgEBa«lflM^B' lSL Every man who ever used it recommends it because it Is honest. It does
f&MBSSH ->ffjriJiilS§J8BffiftyHBL - «mL Kreat work, and those whom I have cured are the more grateful because
' Every man who uses my Belt gets the advice and the counsel of a phy-
' elpflflpY-A^ftilr^BPiffSa V^jffiftv^ffiT^ sician free. I give you all that any medical man can give you, and a lot
[ ,15 L Mfc-^HKSBB 4*5wH^^B. \BB» Try my Belt. Call or writs me to-day for my beautifully illustrated
I aBVifflf ¦ vShm r« ? H^l^^ book with cuts showing how my Belt is applied, and lots of good readlntr
SKaf bB'- "'JBiBiami^BvWBBBff''. for men who want to be '"The Noblest Work of God." A MAN". Inclose this
gBMJBl]BffflBSBBK8|»inl]^W|BH\^, ad, and I will send this book, sealed, free. Call for fr.ee consultation.
I • eo6 MARKET ST.. ABOVE ELLIS. SAN FRANCISCO.
**TW<nn5fr T*@9JUHBv Oflice Hours — S a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sunday?. 10 to I.
NEVER SOLD BY DRUG STORES OR AGEXTS.
IBBHaiHBHBBHBHEaBBBBHBgHBBBHBBBlBMHHBaiyMHBBHIBlBBBBMBBMMMHaMlMBHBlll
Mk fO" A iss^ «Att
'^"^"i^r - » i^jl**** - »J «• -y^TjLf jN^-'S*-- .*».W^» -~J^~r -*¦**»-— =^-V! j tyyrijS^ 1 1* ««»— . _ \'
, „ ¦ "^ ¦ -:— -j*H-u^.-».y -. -. rf - ¦¦a-MJTifcii .in i iiXUlil^iiii _lm_" — T aU
Marquette stands alone, the b$st product of
the latest distilling methods.
A whiskey of quality— purity and general
goodness — the whiskey of the home.
GEOMMES Se UX.X.KZCK. . SPOHH-PATBICX COMPANT,
Distillers, 400 Battery St.. S. T.
Chicago, Illinois. Telephone Main 536.
"@ WEAK MEN CURED
B7 Dr. £a«rrtae«'s Kr«r F«rf «ct«d
¦JT- Vacuum Developer, j
I | AXD IMV1G0RAT0R. It quickly restores Lost Strength or te *
5 j ii * Vital Power and never falls to cure Varlcocele. Stricture. Dralna.
I I " Weakneij. Impotence or Prostatlc Troublea. It positively develop* ana
: I vitalizes W»ak or Debilitated Organs, thus restoring full youtaroi vigor.
1 J - / COSE OTTABAZTTSEO OS TtUHCEY EiOZ.
C fiSpi To rrove th« marvelous «nd positive merits ot th» VACUUM
¦^jfr TREATMENT you. may tak» It on 10 days* trial and approru AB3O-
- LUTELT FREE. W« can back up every claim w« maka.
. Call or write to-day for 64-pas« illustrated book No. 6. showing mal« sT»tsm aad
•zplalnlng this wonderful, convenient and slmpl* HOME TREATMENT. Sent plaia.
sealed. It**. • • - -
We are experienced physicians. Our treatment th» be*t and our tecs leu tfcma
ene-hair those of other strictly reliable specialists. .
CONSULTATION FREE ami confidential at office or by matt. , . -ours. » a. m. t»
S p. m. Sundayt, :0 a. m. to 1 p. m. Open evenings. .
- • ho aeons? beqtjieed tjnthi cubes.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO..
6 O*F ARRELL ; ST.. Near Market.* San Franclsso .In 1812 only 400 English people were
assessed at £5000 a year and upward.
This number has now crown to* 4000. ..
The child of seven should weigh for
ty-nine and one-half .pounds," be forty
six inches high and'have a chest girth
of twenty-three and one-half inches.
arrtii'u«<~'Uir»i«fi i yni.'wr urn rai" rturAnrini , i
Chinese Woman; Ends Her Life.
Yut Ting,' a comely Chinese woman
of 22 years, who resided at 14 St.
Louis alley, ended her, life yesterday
afternoon by taking an* overdose of
opium. ' " '
The residents of the Noe Valley dis
trict assembled at the new Noe Valley
School last night and Indulged in a
dance and entertainment in honor of
the opening of the new structure.
Celebrate at New School.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
will commence, an investigation next
Thursday regarding a heavy blast at
the quarry of the Simmons-Fout Com
pany, Corbett road and Casselli avenue,
which is saJd to have wrecked the home
of John Gomersal and done other dam
age. Gomersal and the' owner, 'of. tho
brick company have -been subpenaed to
appear, and if the blast was too large
the permit may be revoked.
May Revoke License.
The California section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society held its fifteenth
meeting last night, which was properly
carried out In a French restaurant on
Pine street. French cooking: and chem
istry go hand-in-hand. Among those
present were Professors, Young and
Franklin from Stanford and^Professors
Rising and Blasdel from the University
of California. Both are among., the'
eminent chemists of the world. A paper
was read by Professor O'Brien; who has
lately returned from, Europe,, and. some
of the" latest discoveries in chemistry
were dwelt, upon- by him: • -
Chemists Hold Banquet.
The well-known $20 military coatk will
sell at J9; the $17.50 line. $7.85. The en
tire stock of $75 imported suits will go
at $35; the $50 line. $25; and all the styl
ish $25 suits. $12.50; there are a few at
$9.75. The long velvet coats at 50c on
the dollar. Be sure to have Baron's la
bel on your garments: it means up-to
date goods and style. Ladies, remember
Barons sale is a genuine clearance sale
Baron's Cloak and Suit House, 762 Mar
ket street. •
Of Baron's Great Sale in Cloaks and
Suits Will Be the Greatest of All
Sales In This City.
THE WINDUP OF TUB LAST WEEK
The unfortunate woman was removed
to the City and County Hospital and
the burns dressed. She may recover.
The woinan . is subject to epileptic
fits and has brooded much over her
condition. . Yesterday afternoon she
saturated her clothing with oil and
went out into the yard and applied a
match to it. As the flames began tc
sear her flesh she screamed with pain
and neighbors came promptly to her
assistance.
Lena Cook, who resides at 1327
Sanchez street, made a I desperate at
tempt to end her. own life yesterday
afternoon.
Lena 'Cook, an Epileptic, Makes Des
perate Attempt I to End
, Her Own Life.
DESPOXDEXT WOMAN SETS
FIRE TO * HER CLOTHING
Last year's reports from the •. 56,000
postoffices in. the German empire show
a decrease ,of 200,000 In the number of
letter cards sold. ¦ . ' . . "
The Society of California , Pioneers
celebrated the anniversary of the dis
covery of goid in this State by giving
a reception and ball last evening at
Pioneer Hall. There, was a large at
tendance of argonauts, friends and de
scendants. ¦''¦•••"!
Of the original 500 members of the
society who signed the charter In 1850
there are but sixteen survivors, of
which number but ten are residents of
California. A few of the* original pio
neers were present at the dance given
last evening and they entered with zest
into the enjoyment o£ the celebration.
The children, grandchildren and
great-grandchildren of the Pioneers
were present in number at last even
ing's celebration, linking the past with
the present and the future.
Reception and Ball Given by Old Res
idents to Their Friends and
¦ Descendants.
(a) Jordan - roene, "Nabucco" (Verdi); (b)
chorus and prayer, "Lombardl" (Verdi). Ri
vela's band; (a) improviBo, "Andrea Chenlor"
(Giordano): (b) Romonza, fourth act "Tosca"
<I*uccliri). D. Rusk), tenor; duo, fourth act
"Alda" (Verdi). Mrs. L.. Sturtevant-Sterllng
and .F. Avedano: ta) • Intermezzo. "William
Ratcllff" fMascasnl): (b) t'Albumblatt" (Wa*
nfr), Rivela's band; grand trio, "Lombardl"
<\>rdi). Mif-s Ivyrila Cavalli, soprano; G. . Cor
tesl. tenor; F.-FlgonI, bats; violin obllgato by
Pietro Marino; sextet. "Lucia" (Donizetti),
Rirela'a band.
PART II
Grand march. "Red Devils" (Rivela), Ri
vela's band; (a) 'quartet, fourth act "RiKOlet
to" <Wrdl); (h) pilgrims' chorus '-'Tannhau
rer" < Warner). Rivela's band; Romania
"Zaxa" (Leoncavallo). G. Cortetl, tenor; aria,
"Slmcn nocranegra" (Verdi), C. S. Wanrell,
bae>: duo. fourth act '"Trovatore" (Verdi), Mr*.
Lydia Sturte\-ant-8tcrling. mezzo soprano and
F. Avedano, tenor: (a) Brand polectlon, "Er
nani" (Verdi); (b) miserere. "Trovatore" (Ver
di), Rivela's band.
The entertainment at the Alham
bra Thoater last night in commemo
ration of the death' of Verdi, under
the auspices of the Daily 1'Italia, was
a success in every way. It consisted
chiefly of. Verdi music rendered by
Rivela's Royal Italian band. The va
rious numbers were well rendered and
the audience showed its appreciation
by repeated encores. The programme
was as follows: 7- "'.*'•¦>
,PART I. .
I^arpre Audience at the AUiambra Ap
plauds Work of the Fninous
Italian Composer.
PIONEERS CELEBRATE :
•DISCOVERY OF GOLD
COXCKRT IX MEMORY' '
¦ V ' OP VERDI A SUCCESS
His Skull Fractured.
Peter Anderson, a boiler-cleaner em
ployed at the Risdon Iron Works, fell
from the top 'of a ladder yesterday
afternoon and sustained a fracture of
the skull. Anderson resides with hi3
family at 1646 Eleventh avenue south.
Shortly before 12 o'clock last' night
fire broke out in the Ellisdale, at 217
Post street. The flames were confined
to the roof and an overheated flue is
assigned as the cause. The damage
was slight, but much excitement pre
vailed among the roomers.
Fire in Lodging- House.
A writer in Scribner's Magazine has
been much surprised by finding a sign
in a Dutch town: "L. Y. D. Zwaan,
Morgen Wekker." which Is Dutch for
"morning waker." But this is an in
dustry common in the districts where
London workingmen live, and six
pence a week from each client is the
usual "waker's wage." All over Lon
don, too, policemen make a little extra
in wakinjr those whose ' work calls
them early. Only a few nights — or
rather mornings — ago the present
writer found in South Kensington a
constable clambering suspiciously on
to a wall. There he'eaught the.end of
a rope and pulled till an answering
shout was heard. \ The constable ex
plained that the other end of the rope
was affixed to the baker's bed clothes.
And as the writer went home to bed
his baker arose to bake the writer's
breakfast roll. — London Dally Chron
icle. . •
The. Morning Waker.
Late last night after Mahoney had
gone home Detective Braig instituted
a search a.nd found the money hidden
away in a basket In the tool shop of
the building. The money was turned
over to the property clerk in the City
Hall for safe keeping. It is. alleged
that Mahoney, by virtue of his posi
tion, is given the powers of speclalpo
liceman. About two weeks ago he ar
rested a. man for disturbing the peace
and the man in retaliation sued Ma
honey for $5000. Mahoney forthwith
drew his money from the bank, hid it
in the tool shop and then forgot where
he had put it.
Chief Gardener Mahoney at the
City Hall building caused a big. sen
sation there last night by claiming
that $1230 had been stolen from him,
and while laboring under a state of
great excitement accused various par
ties about the building of having
taken it.
Chief Gardener Mahoney at City Hall
Secretes Coin and Forgets
About It.
HIDES MONEY AND CLAIMS
IT IS STOVES FROM HIM
Funeral of John Croke.
The funeral of the late John P.
Croke, who died in this city last Fri
day, will be held from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co. at 8:30 o'clock
this morning. The body will N then be
taken to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
mass will be celebrated. Mr. Croke
was a brother of the late Archbishop
Croke of Cashel. He was a native of
County Cork, Ireland, and 65 yearfe of
age.
One of McNab & Smith's teams,
driven ' by David . Fitzpatrick, was
struck by the outward-bound owl train
on Townsend street yesterday after
noon.- One of the horses was killed and
Fitzpatrick was thrown a distance of
fully thirty feet. At the Emergency
Hospital it was found that he had sus
tained a fracture of the collar bone,
severe scalp wounds and other minor
injuries.
Has Narrow Escape.
Charles Moore, a laundryman re
siding at 940 Harvard street, fell from
a car at Eighth and Harvard streets
yesterday afternoon and, v , when ex
amined at the hospital, it was found
that he was suffering from concussion
of the brain. He will probably re
cover.
Fulls troin a Car.
That Miss Constance de Young has
entered upon a brilliant cruise upon a
turquoise sea is to-day an assured fact.
Hereafter shall the house of De Young
include two young ladies-the next will
be the beautiful Miss Kathleen.
Here, under the frowi. of Napoleon,
the famous frowner of Europe, the
makers of music sent forth strains of
c'elightful melody. Whether 'twas mel
ody, art or just plebeian punch that
made this domain popular remained an
.unsolved problem. Albeit, no one— that
is no one with discrimination— missed
the brilliant ballroom.
Miss Helen de Young, who assisted
her debutante sister in her initial pre
sentation, -vvas gowned in white chif
fon cloth, with a dainty lace bertha.
Mrs. de Toung wore an exquisite robe
of Irish point, with lavender or
chids at the corsage. , ¦' ' •
Mrs. Deane, grandmother of the fair
debutante, was gowned in a princess
robe of black velvet, with Irish point.
Mies Pearl Landers, In a beautiful
fon'n of cream Battenberg over chif
fon, was, as ever, a center of a clever
coterie. Miss Ethel Hager was gowned
in awhite chiffon, and was one of the
busiest cl the receiving-set. And Mrs.
Jack Spreckels, with a white glitter
gown and an ivy wreath In her raven
locks, served punch in the ballroom
— with the clever assistance of a coupla
of garcons.
their glistening branches, besides
fruit blossoms glad with the/breath of
spring. The table, exquisitely ap
pointed, became the lodestar of the
later wanderers, and by six the re
sources of the receiving party W'ire
sorely taxed.
After the hours of reception — and the
last guest lingered long — the receiving
party remained to dinner and to a
dance. What a merry set! Jafck
Wilson, the benedict-to-be, had been
host at a dinner at the Bohemian Chit),
the dinner hour set for eight. But the
party was inexplicably expedite in
disposing of the good things placed be
fore it, and an adjourned session was
resumed under the rooftree of the hos
pitable de Young mansion. Here wero
gathered Miss Pearl Landers. Miss
Ethyl Hager, Mrs. Mark Gerstle, Mrs.
Jack Spreckels, Miss Mabel Cluff, Mrs.
Regensberger, Mrs. Sam Buckbee,
Miss Virginia Jolli'ffe, Miss Lucie Kin£,
Miss Bessie Wilson, Miss Ella O'Con
nor. Miss Jane "Wilshire. Miss Amy
Kahn, Miss Ethel Dean, Miss Aiice
Duffy, Miss Ardella Mills, Miss Belle
Smith, Miss Minnie Hennessy, Miss
Bertha Dolbeer, Mrs. Arthur Brander,
Mrs. Margaret Dean, Miss Dean, Mrs.
Nat Messer Jr., Mrs. John Rodgers
Clark, Mrs. John Dean and Mrs., Will
Dean. Likewise were the men-folk
there, with a rare sprinkling of merry
bachelors.
A lumber wagon driven by John
Remiro was struck, by an engine at
Eighteenth and Illinois streets yester
day afternoon and completely demol
ished. The horses and driver escaped
without injury. The accident Wd3
caused by the inability of the driver to
check his team on the , steep .down
grade.
Lumber Wagon Demolished.
CHARMING DAUGHTER OF MR. AND MRS. M. H. DE YOUNG, "WHO
MADE HEIR DEBUT IN SOCIETY AT A RECEPTION GIVEN BY
HER PARENTS YESTERDAY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
J.C. Wilson was host at a farewell
.dinner- at: the Bohemian / Club .last
night. • Mr. Wilson, who is to wed
Miss Mabel Cluff on February 10, in
vited a few. of his closest friends to
spend one more evening with him be
fore he joins the ranks of the bene
dicts. An excellent menu had been
arranged and speeches combining wit,
philosophy and the usual good advice
were delivered. The occasion was a
most Joyous one, 'but the gathering
broke up early in the evening, as many
of those present had previous engage
ments for other social functions.
Farewell Bachelor Dinner.'
The dining hall was gladdened by
great bunches of oranges clinging to
To this room the older,- folk, retired
during the hours, of the reception, al
lured by the glow of the firelight and
its divans of reposeful depth. *
The library, reposeful in soft green
plush and roseate mahogany, was
alicht with the fireside glow of big
pine lops and soft red lamps.
Here on the bookshelves between the
Satsuma and the Cloisonne — fitting
phrine for flowers — stood great vases of
Bermuda lilies, a sweet token of ihe
memories left behind of the world's
great men and women. ,.
Gowns? Ah! These, too, were works
of art. Virot, Ducet and other masters
of . feminine finesse were represented
in the throng. And no, too, were our
own modistes, distinctive, chic and
Ftunninff.
Here, indeed, the moments snatched
from chit-chat were blessedly spent
with Bougruereau, Carot. Bonheur, Ru
bens—yep, and with lesser people whom
we revere Ie?s, but love as much — some
of our OT.n provincial people who have
written their poems with a brilliant
brush. Before the "Russian Bride" a
stream of women stood in reverie, only
to be disturbed by the tap of a friendly
greeting— for every one's friend -was
there. ¦ •
At 4 groups of guests began to arrive
to offer their varid congratulations to
the debutante, and at 5 the crush be
gan; at 6 the reception hall, drawing
room, library, dining-room and ball
room were fairly crowded with the
beauty— the stunning beauty of San
Francisco— its wealth and its culture.
The entrance hall, with its overhang
ing branches of budding eucalyptus,
*ar!y in the afternoon became the pop
ular promenade, and the drawing-room
the gilded Mecca. Then, the ballroom
drew the wanderers who had already
paid their compliments to the host and
hostess.
Brilliant was the debut of Miss Con
stance dc Young— brilliant far beyond
the "coming out" parties of all the
dainty buds in the years agore.
Yesterday, at the family home — the
home of art and music and of .all that
makes the intellectual life of the old
•world and the new — the second daugh
ter cf the household was formally pre
sented to the smart set of the Ameri
ican Paris.
Stationed in the drawing-room to the
left of the hall the debutante, in a
dainty frock of white Valenciennes, re
ceived the multitude of gnests, which
included every San Franciscan in the
social pet — with her mother on her
right and her father on her left. Ex
quisite, indeed, was the setting. The
pink and gold drawing-room was
aglow with rose-hued lights, gleaming
from among thousands of pink-petaled
roses— yes, and red, deep, blood-red
j-oses. And their perfume, ah! it must
linger long in the memory of the fair
debutante — for they were the loving of
ferings of her loving friends.
By Sally Sharp.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 23.— Mrs. E. H.
Irish, Miss Willie Moore and Miss Min
nie Bloyd, women of Christine, Mendo
cino County, have suddenly become
heroines in the region by the killing
of a large bear.
Bears have been making inroads on
the flocks near Christine for some time,
and a large log trap was baited and set
for the beasts. While out walking yes
terday afternoon, Mrs. Irish carried a
rifle. She and her companions strolled
in the vicinity of the trap and found
bruin a' captive. The animal had eaten
through the end of the trap and had
succeeded in getting his ; head and
shoulders out. Being afraid the bear
would gain his liberty before masculine
aid could be summoned the women de
termined to slay the beast. Mrs. Irish
fired several shots, but owing to tYie
small caliber of the rifle failed to kill
the bear.
The beast desperately charged* the
side of the trap,' but the women did not
become frightened and faint. They se
cured a large >pole and inserted it be
tween the log* to keep the bear in the
strong end of ihe trap. Mrs. Irish then
fired four bullets at the beast, none of
which found a vital spot, but all served
to enrage it. While two of the women
engaged the bear's attention, Mrs. Irish
awaited a favorable opportunity and
«ent a, bullet Into the animal's heart.
The bear weighed 300 pounds' dressed.
The, skin is being tanned to make a rug
for the home of Mrs. Irish.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tlivee -Residents of Christine
Become Heroines of the Lo
cality After Exploit in Woods
BULLET IN BltUIN'S HEART
Wild Beast That Is Caught in
Trap Is. Killed by a Courage
ous Matron of Mcndocino
WOMEN BRAVE
ENRAGED BEAR
Splendid Home Is
/Beautiful With
r lowers.
Lovely Debutante
Charms Scores
of Guests/
MISS CONSTANCE DE YOUNG MAKES HER
FORMAL ADVENT IN LOCAL SMART SET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 24, .190&
Among the latter guests were: Ed
Tobin, Fred Greenwood, William H.
Smith Jr., Clarence Follis, Frank Goad,
Percy King, Addison Mizner, Charles
Earle, Joe King, Clive Baker, Dr.
Louis Brechmln Jr., Donald de V. Gra
ham, Roy Pike, Sydney Salisbury. I>r.
Clark, Sam Buckbee, Dr. Regensbyrger,
John Dean, Will Dean, Charles Tripler.
Nat Messer Jr.. Lieutenant Joseph
Kuznik, Mark Gerstle and Alvin Lev
entritt.
38
• ADVERTISEMENTS.'
Pt* in t iix^
Developing
My Kodak Developing- and Printing are
high class in all respects/ while my price3
are lower, than those of- anybody else in
the business. I set the pace. Give me a
trial: order and you'll coiitlnue to have me
do this work for you. Here are a few
prices:
F HINTING:
Sollo finish ' ...'......."...... 3c to 3e
Velox finish ..3c to fle
DEVELOPING: '
Roll of six ...A..... lOc
Roll of twelve ...15c
. ' Full line i of . fresh j Kodak . Films .always
on hand.' Order by mail if you are out of
THAT MAN PITTS
. F. W. PITTS, the - Stationer. *
1COS Market St.; above Powell, San Francisco
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all' other facial blemishes are removed by
DR.- and 'MRS. > A. nv.«' TRAVERSE •' Donohos
building. 1170 Market street, cpr. Taylor." rooms
28-29, with 'the 'electric needle without. pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed ;hours 1 to- 4 p.m.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Hair on
Woman's
H_ <"*| *f~\ j*"W
1 €lC"«««
I* i*puWw. It Is not necessary to suffer from
ttl« aisScurement." Many a lovely face Is
ruined by the presence of hair or dark shadows
on the lipe, chin or cheeka, while many other-
wise r!atn faces are made lovely by a clear,
pure i- kin.
TVe positively rem<n - e and cure superfluous
hair.
SUUe Skin Food — Removes all blemishes and
roughness; makes the complexion perfect;
keeps the «kin clear, soft and smooth.
The Elite Blackhead Ersullcator— Permanent-
ly removes blackhf-ads and reduces the pores
of the skin.
I'iite Fact Powder — Chemically pare; a pre-
ventive of superfluous hair.
The Elite Face Bleach — For removing; tan
*Bd freckles. It has no equal. '
Prompt attention to mail orders with etaxnps.
RUE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE, 1
SSS Market SU San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.'
*^ H * a El H L I " ¦ CT H J ri X% *" nv\ I U
I COMPELLED BY BOYCOTT. |
S GOODS CLOSED OUT AT S
I 33c ON THE DOLLAR. !
S ' ' ' r '-' : - ' •
0 $J 5.00 Eton Suits, new style, black and navy C*A Qfi* •
g blue cheviot, forced tosell at \pT-» JJO J
• $27.50 Blue Cheviot and Mixture Suits, <^8A >!/" S
•' forced to sell at. $iU.4t) •
© $35.00 Novelty Suits, in plain and stylish djflO €\g? •
© mixtures^ forced to sell at \p I O. %J O %
1 2000 SKIRTS MUST BE SOLD. !
S $2.50 Skirts forced to sell at . . : .... 7s c S
I $3.00 Skirts forced to sell at,.,. S 2
• $4.00 Skirts forced to sell at ' i ¦ 4 s 8
S $5.00 Skirts forced to sell at .;'.." t\'Z% 2
I $7.50 Skirts iorced to sell at. ....... .* * l.Y " " " $7 OS £
• $10.00 Skirts forced to sell at ............! ] '. *. *. ; $3*45 •
© f^^ 1142-1146 MARKET STREET. 2
*'%&£(: NEWMAN ..ft LEVINSOy. . — . -_
• • 'V ' • ' - "•¦-•» '* 25c. 35c «nd 5Oo
;To-Morrow ¦* «p^^ f^SSr g^^p ' *w»
We 'begin . Sale of - Jk\\ ' 3Srl£.w 1 w»V««i Cushion Iop»
BUTTONS ®^!^^jSKl^yfi' | 3y\WWW>. on S.I. Mond.y.t
||fi|!g£| i»OTjssiSittest fc -.c>saijaj»-; ' | ?o*»-*>
Sale of Ladies' and SK^
AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES FOR MONDAY ;U«rn,;st.;
The final clearance sale of Ladies' Suits a>id Skirts starts to-morrow. All are of $&£$JS£
importations/beautiful, stylish", up-to-date garments. , During this sale we quote, prices . tnat
scarcely cover the cost of manufacture. ¦:•'¦;;¦' • -• - • -V :i |,
THE OFFERINGS IN SUITS COMPRISE: THE OFFERINGS IN SKIRTS ARE:
Taiior-made Suits of fancy mixed materials,, blouse. Walking Skirts of fancy mixed materials, seven-gpre;,fin-
skirted jacket with cape; trimmed flare *- A " nA ished at the bottom with fancy corded design £* QY)
skirt; real value $18.50, sale price.. J>1U.UO arid buttons; real value $4-50. sale price..... «**«»• w
Walking Suits of Fancy Scotch mixtures, in gray or tan, Walking 'Skirts of Melton, in gray and Woe mixed, with
trimmed skirted jacket, latest flare skirt; 2*2? - A seven rowsof stitchingat bottom, trimmed witn £, j-A
real value $29.00, sale price $ 1 2.50 taitdr stitched straps and buttons; worth $5-5o. S«->v
Pedestrienne Suits of Cheviots and fancy mixed Stylish Corset Walking Skirts of Melton, in' gray, oxford
materials, some with long coats, others with V *< r aa a n d black "' stitched felled seams, 2^ Eores and * j cq
skirted blouse jackets; worth $22.50 suit, at V $15.00 finely stitched at the bottom; worth $6.50, at gt.JU
An Extraordinary Sale of Gloves (VniZ-z)
This is our annual clean-up sale of broken assortments of Gloves. We don't want to count a.
pair at stock taking and to insure, quick selling have made the following big reductions :
Ladles' Suede Gloves, some with 2 and 3 clasps, others Ladies' Kid Gloves, made of fine selected skins, with 2
in the mousquetaire style, in sizes $X, s'A and $U only and 3 clasps. Although assortments are broken, in the
—colors are fancy shades suitable for street or evtning lot are all sizes and such desirable colors as DlacK, wntte, •
wear, such as red, nile. old rose, green, etc— tan, mode, beaver, red, gray and brown —
the skins are soft and of the finest quality— Af\r Gloves that sell regularly at $1.00, $1.50 and g^C
sold formerly at $1.50, sale price only ~ v $2.00 per pair— sale price
A Great Umbrella Special at 85c C^Srj
We have secured another lot of Umbrellas to sell at this special price. They are in both ladies*
and gents' sizes, made of heavy twilled Gloria, with steel rod, and come in scores of different style
handles, embracing all the latest effects in Dresden, pearl, metal and natural woods. Never were
such Umbrellas offered for so little money — if bought in the regular way they could not q |— c
be sold for less than £1.50 each — our price to-morrow O^3
Monday, January 25th, Opening of New Embroideries
A Large Assortment of new Patterns in Nainsook, Swiss and GSmbric Embroidered Edges,
Insertions, Beadfngs, Galloons, Medallions and Allovers — All at Right Prices.
First Showing of New White Goods (iss 1^
The New White Fabrics for 1904 have arrived and await your inspection to-morrow. They are
the very kind that will be most wanted this spring for Waists and Suits and are best selected now
when assortments are complete. [
White Mercerized Cambrics, 28 inches wide, in a splendid White Fancy Cripes, 28 Inches wide, In a grand new
variety of fancy striped and floral designs; oe _ line of large floral and conventional desi ens; ACr
excellent value, per yard.. ZOC special at, per yard
Imported White Damask, 32 inches wide, fine quality, White Cheviots, 32 Inchts wide, an exquisite fabric—
in pretty dots and small figured designs; -,-_ , large floral designs in fancy crepe and damask - n
special at, per yard JJt effects ; exceptional value, , per yard Jvl
sale of Broken Lines m .®«»w Sa le of Mohair Sicillians
Wool Knitted Shawls 85c Quality for 50c Yard (?s a TO
to^fla^^^^ A fortunate purchase or we could not offer them
land wool in black, white, blue, pink and red, to-morrow at this price. This popular fabric is very desirable for
at these reduced prices : gowns, waists, skirts, bathing suits, etc. Comes 50
65c Shawls, on sale at 45c inches wide, extra heavy quality, in colors black, navy
85c Shawls, on sale at ....65c and royal blue — sold regularly at 85c per yard— - n
$1.25 Shawls, on sale at 90c on sale to-morrow, while quantity lasts, at.. ..3UC
All Remnants Sacrificed
ri Every Remnant in the store must be sold this week. To gain this .end, materials in lengths of
from 1 to 5 yards are sacrificed regardless of cost. All Remnants are marked with the regular
remnant prices, from which we deduct the following extra discounts:
One -Half Off One-THird Off One-Quarter Off
DRESS TRIMMING, * ' LACE AND SILK. VELVET,
CHIFFON AND VEILING EMBROIDERY ALLOVER LACE AND RIBBON
REMNANTS H REMNANTS • REMNANTS
MAIL ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION — SAMPLES SENT TO ANY ADDRESS' Marriages should be performed at un
ion rates. '¦-;.; .•
These little Ads. will not only prove of
interest to those oiit of work, but to
those desiring to improve their positions
as well.
In the Want Ad. columns to-day you
find inquiry about:
Male Help Wanted.
Situations Wanted.
Ferriale Help Wanted.
Agents Wanted.
Money Wanted.
Money to Loan.
Furniture for Sale.
Housekeeping Rooms to Let.
Furnished Rooms to Let.
Furnished Rooms for Sale.
Furnished Houses for Rent.
Furnhsicd Houses for Sale.
Real Estate. Etc., Etc.. Etc.
Call readers will find something of In
terest in tho Want Ad. columns.
Dc You Want Something?
Farmer Moss-backer — What's Wil
liam JennJn's llryan doin' now?
Farmer P.entover — Helpin' to elect
the n«att Ueriubiican Pre?ident. — Puck.
Callfornians In New York.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23. — The follow
ing Californiums are here: From San
Francisco — W. N. Cowles, at the Pla
za; J. H. Goldman, at the Hoffman;
L. Heilbronner, at the Imperial; W.
W. Thurston, at the Holland; J. J.
Wirtner and wife, at the Manhattan;
J. F. Lanagan, II. E. Lewin, at the
Cadillac; L. McCreery, at the Manhat
tan; S. Bibo, at the Imperial; Miss L.
Crosby, at the Albemarle; L. G. Long,
Mrs. B. Long, at th<> Victoria; F. Mc-
Laughlin, at the Hoffman.
From Los Angeles — H. O. Harrison,
at the Victoria; H. Laughlin Jr., at
the Herald Square; W. G. Thorpe, at
the Grand Union; Dr. D. J. Frick, at
the St. Denis.
At the First English Lutheran Church,
Rev. E. Nelander, the pastor, will
preach this morning on "The Sympa
thy of Christ With Man's Sorrow and
Sinfulness." In the evening his subject
will be "The Seven Wonders."
A rally of temperance and prohi
bition workers will be held this after
noon at 3 o'clock in the lecture-room
of the Howard-street Methodist Epis
copal Church. Rev. Flora T. Thomp
son of the W. C. T. U. 1 of San Jose will
address the audience. The meeting
will be held under the auspices of the
San Francisco Prohibition Alliance.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock the
fourth address in the series by Frank
S. Ford will be given at the Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason
and Ellis streets. His subject will be
"Ratification." Special music for the
afternoon will be furnished by the
Knickerbocker male quartet and the
meeting is sure to be of general in
terest.
Epworth Methodist Episcopal— Morning;. "U
the Spirit of th» Lord Straightened?"; even-
Ir.s. "A Question of Exchange." Pastor. Rev.
F. A. Kcait.
Slmpton Memorial Methodist Episcopal —
Evening, "The Wisdom of a King."
Richmond Methodist Episcopal — Morning,
"The Me*sag» Given"; evening. "The Message
Rejected." PfcStor. Rev. E. D. Raley.
The regular monthly musical service will be
held th!« Vvenlns at the First Congregational
Church. Selections from famous composer* will
be given, and the pastor. Rev. George C.
ACams. rvi:i give a ehort address.
The following services will be held
at the churches to-day:
Grace Methodist Episcopal— Morning, preachr
inp by tho pastor; evenlnr, "The Business
Fool." Pastor. Rev. F. M. Larkin.
California-street Methodist Episcopal — Morn
ins. • > Chr!i»t. the Teacher 1 '; evening-, "Interna
tional Arbitration." Pattor, Rev. Clarence
Reed.
Rev. Floi-a T. TJionmson to Deliver
an Address — Church Services
for To-Day.
Burton Holmes concluded his suc
• rcssf ul engasement here by an extra
lecture last night, repeating the lec
ture of the preceding evening on the
subject of Korea. A large audience
•V.as pr^-scnt and enthusiastically ap
].!au'>d the lecturer's description and
ih(* bractirdl pictures.
Mr. Holmes starts southward to-day
and will visit Europe before returninug
to California.
The lecture on Korea was repeated
last evening, and the deep interest
manifested by the audience In both talk
"and illustrations reflected how keenly
the Russo-Japanese argument is
watched by San Francisco's intelligent
people.
Kurton Holmes gave two additional
illustrated lectures yesterday in Lyric
Hall, and the numerical strength of his
audiences indicated that he could re
jeat the entire series and make money
toy th4 experiment.
In the afternoon he discussed Amer
ita's wonderland, the Yellowstone Na
tional Park, and the charm of his de-
Wription was augmented by the beau
tiful pictures that accompanied it. The
marvelous coloring of the famous ter
race formations was duplicated with a
fidelity that astonished those who had
visited the park and regarded the va
riegated tints as impossible of repro
duction on canvas. The kinetoscopic ef
fects did much toward making clear
ih« effect created by the geysers in ac
tion.
J>ist-Ks%cs the Yellowstone National
Park and Korea to Large and
Interested As^cmblajcp.
lUT.TON IIOL3IES;. CLOSES
HIS IMASTKATKD TALKS
WILL LJECrrURE OX THE
EVILS OF INTOXICANTS
O. B. Stijlman, a wealthy sugar
merchant of New York, and wife ar
rived at the Occidental yesterday.
W. McC. Osborne, Commissioner of
Customs of Korea, is at the Lick, hav
ing arrived from the Orient on the Ko
rea yesterday.
J. S. Cunningham, a wealthy mining
man of Salt Lake, who was recently
quietly married in this city to a young:
milliner of that city, returned from his
honeymoon with his bride yesterday
and registered at the Palace.
W. H. Southard, agent at Seattle for
the Pollard Steamship Company, who
has been visiting at Los Angeles and in
this city, returns to the Sound to-mor
row. C. H. Mulvey, a young business
man of Detroit, who accompanied Mr.
Southard from the north, leaves for the
East to-day.
Sanger Pullman, son of the late Chi
cago millionaire, and wife are at the
Palace.
Dr. J. Clark of Gilroy is at the Grand.
Dr. J. N. Coghlan of Portland is at
the Occidental.
Dr. and I.Irs. R. P. Meyers of Hono
lulu are at the Occidental.
L. A. Thurston, a capitalist of Hono
lulu, is registered at the California.
Lorenzo Hansen, a prominent mer
chant of logan, Utah, is in town.
Lieutenant Commander E. A. An
derson, U. S. N., is at the Occidental.
PERSOXAIi,
"I wonder if there'll be much of a
fight?" mused the funny man as he
paced the promenade de.ck with his
v.ife. "Much of a fight?" she queried.
"How? When?" "When they set the
dogwatch on this ocean greyhound." —
Philadelphia Record.
The host of friends, business and so
cial, of W. J. Pattosicn, will be gratified
to learn that he is improving: slowly.
About three weeks ago Mr. Pattoslen,
while driving: near San Matco, was
thrown violently from his buppy and
sustained severe injuries about the head
and shoulders and also had three ribs
broken. He lay in a precarious condition
for a fortnight. It will be a long: time
before he will be himself again.
Past president. Mrs. Alice E. "Wilson; presi
dent. Miss Elbertine Wolfrom; vice president.
Miss Alice O'&Ullivmn; chaplain. Miss Flora
M. Thcmas; secretary. Miss Maude Glerrlen;
fcuid?, Mrs. 1. L. Marks: assistant culde, Mrs.
Wallace; inside guard. Miss Cliariotte O'Sul
llvan; outside guard. Miss Mamie Rowne;
trustees. Mrs. A. L. Knoles, Mrs. K. D. Wol
from and Mrs. Alire M. Wilson.
Commandfr David L. Cohen of Lin
roln Camp was the installing officer,
assisted by several other officials of
the camp. The auxiliary will hold its
meetings at Pioneer Hall on the sec
ond and fourth Tuesdays of each
month. The follov.iiiK officers were
installed and will preside for one
year:
A ladies' auxiliary was admitted to
membership to Lincoln Camp of the
Sons of Veterans at a special session
held in Pioneer Hall last Thursday
night. The new branch of the camp
will be known as the Ladles' Aid So
ciety. Offlcer3 were installed at the
conclusion of the ceremony and a
musical programme was rendered.
Officers of the New Branch ot Lin
coln Camp Are Duly Elected and
Installed by Commander.
LADIES* AUXILIARY TO
THE SON'S OF VETERANS
The disaster was caused by the fall
ing of the brake, beam of a Southern
Pacific car. The wrecker went out from
this city this afternoon and had the
wreck cleared away by 7:50 o'clock to
night. Train 21 was delayed about five
hours, and No. 22 about six hours.
The wreck occurred in a shallow cut
and the cars had to be dragged out.
There was no great damage done to the
track. Local train. No. 24 was also de
layed about five hours.
SAX LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 23.-An ex
tra westbound freight train, in charge
of Conductor Vervier, which left San
Luis Obispo at 9:50 o'clock this morn
ing, was wrecked at 12:30 o'clock one
mile east of San Miguel, where the
track runs close" to the Salinas River
bank. Four cars were piled up, but no
one was hurt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
John E. Benaway has been cited to
appear in the Superior Court to show
causo why he should not be punished
for contempt of court for failing to
comply with a court order directing
him to pay to Myrtle Benaway; de
fendant in a suit for divorce brought
by him. the sum of $25 a month ali
mony pending the suit and $50 coun
sel fees. The citation was issued on
an affidavit filed by Mrs. Benaway.
Judge Murasky granted Olivet Blote
a divorce from Frederick Blote on the
ground of neglect.
Pearl Estella Clark, Ti'ho was mar
ried to Frederick Sherman Clark at
Reno, New, September 5, 1900; is seek
ing a divorce from him on the grounds
of neglect, intemperance and cruelty.
She alleges that lie is so idle, shiftlesa
and indolent that he has not provided
for her and alleges that in addition to
spending all that he earned he bor
rowed the money she received from
her father's estate and spent that. In
support of her charge of cruelty she
avers that he has frequently applied
to her vile and filthy language. She
asks for a divorce and permission to
ivsume her maiden name, Dunkin.
Viola J. Hodgers, who is the defend
ant in a suit for divorce brought by
JOFeph J. Rodgers, in an answer and
cross-complaint to the suit filed by
her yesterday denies that she has ever
treated her husband in a cruel and in
human manner and say that she was
never guilty of the charge that she
visited the Cliff House with men other
than her husband. In her cross-com
plaint she asks that she be granted a
divorce on the ground of desertion, al
leging that Ilodgers deserted her in
December. 1002. The parties were
married at Benicia in October, 1900.
Traffic Is Delayed by the
-Smash-Up in a Shallow Cut
Near Town of San Miguel
His Spouse Denies That She
Visited Cliff House With
Strangers as He Charges
EMPLOYES ESCAPE INJURY
KOJJGERS' SUIT ANSWERED
AVife Seeks a Divorce on the
Ground of Extreme Cruelty,
Neglect mid Intemperance
Falling of a Brake Beam
Causes the Piling Up of
a Portion of a Train
FREIGHT CARS
ARE WRICKED
CLARK'S HOME
IS DISRUPTED
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 24. 1904.
Weekly Gall, $1 Year
¦ - • :.'¦ - ¦ • ¦ . ¦ %J . , ;¦¦->¦::. -.,.,. . - . . .
ORDER F"OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK
Mail Tail Order to The San Prtnclaco Call Witt 7Dc.
17*iic San Francisco Call.
Sa:i Francisco, CaL: •• -v ¦'-< "
Inclosed herewitli please find 75c, for which send me one
ropy of Th- Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fitly
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers ' Kt the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges:) -^:.^
SiGXFF * •
CIT v Y * ;
STATE .•••••
Coursing
t
Park.
"open
STAKE
SUNDAY, JANUARY 24
Sunday coursing will begin at 10 sharp and
continue until the last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES— -$620
All Mission-street cars tranc. t to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
¦ THOMAS TIERNE-'. Judce.
KDWARD SHORTSTAG, Slipper.
Hi?h-C!ass Specialties Ever? Afternoon and
Evening in the Heated Theater.
MONTAGUE'S COCKATOO CIRCUS: KOPLIN:
FOWLER AND KOPLIN; DEELY AND
SHEAN; BARR AND LA SALLE; DEAVES'
MEERY MANIKINS; MABEL LAMSON
AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
SEE THE BABIES IN THE INFANT INCU-
BATORS.
HYMADRTAS IN TEE ZOO!
Lots of run In the Penny Arcade.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
' . Admission, 10c; Children, Be.
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
ft
P. J. BEZI.Z1T JUdf<
JAS. r. GBACE SUppc:
SUNDAY, JAN. 24, 1904
Gigantic
Open Stake
Of Seventy-Two
High'Class Performers
TKAZK SSBYXCE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets a
10:15 n. m. and 1 p. m.: Twenty-fifth am
Valencia streets, five minutes later. Re
turnlns at 5 p. m. San Mateo electri<
cars direct to park entrance every foui
minutes during the day. *v.\ s
ADMISSION 25 CENTS; IiAPIES TBEE
Racing !^^^^ king
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY j CLUB.
Commencing January ¦ 4. . • ' ' '¦"
Racing Each Week Day. Ram or Shin*.
Six or 3Iore Baces Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. ra. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track tak
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at la
1*2:30, 1:00, 1:30 or 2 o'clock.' No smoking li
last two cars, which are reserved for ladle
and their escorts. ¦
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 -an'
4:45 and Immediately. after the last race.
THOMAS H.- WILLIAMS. .President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary. .,. ."
ATffTJSEMEirrS.
WEEK COMMENCING
THIS AFTERNOON. JANUARY 24.
A Prodigious |
Programme! I
The Blaztnc L.ishts of Laagttter.
JohfloyTHE RAYS°£mma
lit Their LatMt romfti«»tta.
"BARKEnS r.ITTKRS,"
. , ' Dirert from Europe.
CORDUA AND MAUD
Hand Balancer* en th» Poubl* Wire.
The Comedy Trio.
DUFFY,
SAWTELLE and DUFFY
Tn Their <">rc-><-t Flayl-t.
••PAPAS SWEETHEA'r.T."
OXtZTTES T. WX3TZTKS1>
HOLDEN and FLORENCE
In Th»fr Romsntli- Cmotiy -^vtr&Vic
Sketch. "THK FAIRY OF
K1L1,ARXKY."
STANLEY AND WILSON
Prfypnting ••BKFCrtr: THE BAI.U'
KELLY AND VfOLETTE \
• Th« Fashion T'Tat* Singlnc Piio.
! IRVING JONES
The Man TCho Wrlf<»» His Own Sonss.
OrptieumMotionPiciures !
! . Showing: th» Latest No\-Hti<»!".
| _ |
I-a*t Week of th-» nur>vp-»an Mar\el». j
STEIiN-ERETTO FAMILY
Hand JumrinK Arrobatn.
R^jlular Matin*^s Every We<1n*"«<f;» j .
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices,- 10c. 2.V; and Me.
* -»
Oh! the Snow!
The Beautiful Snow!
Ouickly Reached via the
SIERRA
RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via the
SOUTHERN PACIFIC train at
8:30 a. in.
Arrive at Jamestown ..4:10 p.m.
Arrive at Sonora 4 140 p. m.
Arrive at Tuolumne ... 5 125 p. m.
Bring the children and let them
enjoy coasting and snowballing.
First-class hotels at all points.
City OCce: Or S. 3. SMITH.
229 Croclytr Bid?., Gea. Pass. Asrt..
.* San Francisco, Cal. Jamestown. CaL
A T n A 7 * T\ Belaaco H Mayer.
ALCAZAR £s?sd
General Manager.
TO-NIOHT-MATI1IEE TO-SAT.
/ ?•m IV •«3^ uu»hed
f . r\ tf~ "* \^ like idiots."—
Full of. Fun. Droll Tjpe^. the Western 'Widow,
the I*u«f:il»t. the Crushed Tragedian. th«
Auto Accident, the EulTalo Hunt.
Ev£3., 25o to 75c; Mat. Sat. & Sun., 13c to 50c.
MOS. NEXT— Fine Production ot
Henry Arthur Jones" Powerful • Play.
THE
MASQUERADERS!!
CENTRAL*!?
Market «t.. near Eighth. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-N :HT LAST TIME.
A BOWERY GIRL
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL XEXT TYEnK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of th*
Greatest of Historical Dramas,
QUO VADIS
ISO— PEOPLE IX CAST— 130
New Scenery'. Gorgeous Costume"?
Brilliant Electrical Effects'.
DDirCC Evenings 10c to fWM
IKILCJ Matinees.. '....10c. ISc. ZSo
Already 1 Three Weeks!
OF THE ENORMOUS SUCCESS.
...THE BEAUTY SHOP..,
Commences Monday Night. January 15.
Tfce Bert Muslc3l Comedy of the Year.
Replete With Catchy Sonra.
IlriKk ai:d Funny Dialogue.
Mo?t Original f pec laities.
B*>iUtiful Costumes and Staze Kffeeta.
Our ••All-Star 1 " Cast.
Mat'»n»>-» Saturday an<j Sunday.
Ever Popular Prices.
Next £>>:isatlcn~."P.OLY POLY."
By C^l »'**'
>uto-oblle .Jj^&iA^ ,
Rates less than carr'.a*ev ~y'i^^^^ii\
Jflobt'e ? ai*ia^e Co. "**r^ — 3KiJ=^
Golden Gate and Van N«n Aves.
Phones Larkln 2S41— Polk 3086.
Downtown Office. Lobby Palace Hot*].
Phone Bush SS9.
You Can Secure These Cars at Any Rota! op
Cafe by Asklns for Mobile Carriage Co.
SALI^ DEPARTMENT— COAST AGENCIES.
Pierce Arrow Touring Car «Krench) price. $2ti.~l»
Pierce Stanhope iFrench type) V.VH*
Northern Runabout Uecder in New Ycrk> SOU
Fine Oarace. expert mechanics, guarantee ex-
penses. ' • . ¦
MOBILE CARRIAGE COMPANY.
' ! Van Ness and Golden Gate Aves.
ADVEHTISSJIZNTS.
M Mrs. Fairbanks tells how neglect of ||
warning symptoms will soon prostrate a
woman. She thinks woman's safeguard is
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
"Deah Mr?. Pixkiiam: — Ignorance and neglect are the cause of
nut old female sulTerinjr, not only with the laws of health but with the
chance of a cure. I did not heed the warnings of headaches, organic
pain5, and general weariness, until I was well nigh prostrated. I knew 1
had to do something-. Happily I did the ri^ht thing. I took Lydia E.
Pinkham's Ve?r<*table Compound faithfully, according to directions,
and was rewarded in a few weeks to find that my aches and pains dis-
appeared, and I again felt the glow of health through my body. Since
I have been well I have been more careful, I have also advised a number
of my sick friends to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and they have never had reason to be sorry. Youi's very truly,
?>Ir«. Mat Fairbanks, 210 South 7th St.. Minneapolis, Minn." (Mrs. Fair-
banks is one of the most successful and highest salaried travelling sales-
women in ihe West.)
TThcn Tvemcn arc troubled rrith irrejrular, suppressed or painful menstru-
ation, vrrckness, ]eucorrha?a, displacement or ulccraticn of the womb, that
bearinp-down feeling-, inflammation of the orarics, backache, bloating 1 (or
flatulence), general debility, indigestion, and nervous prostration, or are
+»eset with such symptoms as dizziness, faintness, lassitude, excitability, irri-
.tmbiiltr, nerrousness, sleeplessness. melancholy, "all-gone" and " want-to-be-
left-aloce" feelings, blue6, nnd hopelessness, they should remember there in
<-ne tried and tme remedy. Lydia E. Pinkham's vegetable Compound
ftt'jooce removes euch troubles. Refuse to buy any other medicine, for you
Deed the best.
djs*. u Dear Mrs. Pixkiiam : — Fo'r over two years
£*&&>* suffered more than tonguo can express with
/s&w&si kktoey and bladder trouble. Z\[y physician pro-
. " nounced my troul.le catarrh of the bladder,
f^S^* caused by displacement of the womb. I had a
v?5*r frequent desu« to urinate, and it was very pain-
flis /^> V^^ \ aa(^ lumps of blood would pass with the
y&fi 3 urine. Also had bacloiehe very often.
gfl/v' r "After writing to you, and receiving your
ifllxi^Era^ ~*^ T ~ J re P*- v *° m y letter, I followed your advice, and
l^^^^^V.^^^^ feel that you and Lydia I". Pinkham's A>pe-
*^^^^9 P'^-ecv ' ta^ c Compound have cured me. The
/>T P^N^r-A mec^i cu > e drew my womb into its proper
/ V vTv \ place, and then I was well. I never feel
/ )) \^ n^ Ba^ n now » an d can do my hnusework
W with ease/' — Mrs. Alice Lamox, Kincaid,
Xo other medicine for female ills in the world has received
such widespread and unqualified, endorsement.
Mr?. Pinkhom invites all sick women to write her for advice.
She has guided thousands to health. Address, Lynn, Mass.
OCnOn FORFEIT ¦»¦* cannot forthwith prodnr« the original letters and yijpr.atnresof
\ T 1 1 ! I aboro teitiiao&i&ls, uh:ca nill prove their Absolute cenuit!cn<»s*.
VVUwU Lj&l* E. Finkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Msu.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
LAST WEEK Ea GREAT
ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE
LOWEST PRICES EVER KNOW/I IN SAN FRANCISCO
The greatest and most successful sale we ever had.
Judging by the endrmous crowds who hwe visited our
store for the last three weeks our BARGAINS were
appreciated. Thousands of garments were sold at M
and le«s than y 2 of their values. Additional Reduc-
tions This Week for a FINAL CLEANUP.
TAILOR SUITS SKIRTS JACKETS and
$25,$30 $32.50 and $ 7.50 Silk Skirts LONG COATS
$35 Tailor. Made at $3.95 $7.50 Tan and
Suits of zibeline, 12.50 Silk Skirts Castor Box Coats
cheviot, Venetian a t $6.95 at $3.95
and fancy mix- J5.00 Silk Skirts 15.00 Military
tures, all reduced at _ $8 95 Co ats at i . .$9.95
to..... ..$14.45 2000 s ., k skirts 25.00 Military
22.50 and $20.00.. at . . $IZ45 Coats at. .$(4.95
Suits in black and -)-> r n ' om'J <&£•&* , » 20.00 Long Coats
navy cheviot, re- % 50 Mk JS l 5? ' at. ...... $12.45
duced to . .$9.95 '''''•, f 25.00 Long Coats
45.00 and $50.00 2 f 5 ' 00 Sllk <c ?^ t | at $14.95
highnoveitySuits, * i ""'"* t5 Jr 5 40 - 00 Long Silk
exquisite tailoring, l?° Rainy Day Coats- at. $22.50
reduced to $27.50, bkirts at 85c Fur Capes and Fur
Advance Styles 3.50 Skirts $1.75 Collarettes at Less
Spring 1904 5.00 Novelty Mix- than y 2 of Former
Now Ready I tures at ". .. .$1.95 Prices.
A 1 230- 1 232- 1 234 Market Street
"! r _;. n __.;.. ..^^ AMUSEMENTS.
c a liWcTrnia
jtfBBm EDWARD ACKERMAN LESvSEE AND MANAGER P»°»Yfe_
fTO-MORROW iV/CHT»°^JL7Fi
U I-.1<?b!pr & Co. OfTer the Man Who Made "The Christian" Famcui fi
I MR. EDWARD MORGAN \\
M IN HALL. CAINE'S UATEST MASTEHPIECE, H
I THE I
I ETERNAL 1
H Special Prices: M^ ¥ B^^^ " Matinee Prices: I
D $1.50, $1.00. 75c, 9l. B JS a Same as for Even- I
H 50c, 25c. ¦" ¦"¦ ¦" ins Performance. |
I ENTIRE ORIGINAL CAST exactly as te»n durinr the five months* run at tha §
Victcrla Thtater. including ¦ ¦ fi
SARAH TRUAX FREDERIC DE BELLEVILLE W. C. BONXT U
FRANK C. BANGS . HENJIT HARMON And 32 Others. H
MOST MAGNIFICENT 1'RODL'CTION IN YEARS. . g
J Special Musical m a /-» » f j\j ¦ Including a Companion Intermezzo I H
I Pfttlngs hy i'l t\ O W t\\X Vi I tn "CAVALLKRIA RITSTICANA." | V
CURTAIN RISES PROMPTLY AT S O'CLOCK. J
\ AMUSEMENTS.
I 1U lllUlllr PERFORMANCE...
The Alameda Lustspicl Enscmb'e in
"ALS ICH W.EDBRKAM"
The Sequel to "At the White Horse Tavern."
jXltflONDAY
Messrs. Phubert. Nix- > _ - . -
J on and JJImmerman'p jr^r J
PRESENTATION, • { *
INTERNATIO1T- j^L>S
AZ. MI7SICAZ. •.; <fi$S??
COMEDY TBI- .J '^I^MCsN
UMPH. ; iffl^&A]
(CHINESE (^P
HONEYMOON.
' Company of 100. Augmented Orchestra.
$50,Cfl0 Production. |
425 Times at Casino, New York.
Now In Its Third Trar In London.
i .
; WEEK BEGINNIKa
Matinee To=-Day
\A/. H. TURNER
And a. Sterllns: Eastern Company.
,, In Julius Cahn's Complete Production of
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
Usual Popular Prices
T8VOygS5gg."
I THBRE IS 1VQTH1NG HKE~]
When Johnny
Comes Marching Home
A Military Spectacular Comic Opera by Stan-
i ialaus Rtanre and Julian Edwards.
1 Martial Music! Picturesque Scenery! , North-
! em Soldiers and Southern Sweethearts!
I MATIWES SATUBDAT. I
j Usual Popular Prices ........25c, 50c and 75o
I Box Seats $1.00
I ¦
! VnhcP D0NT FAIL TO
i laiaWW ,ee the beautiful
i • j COURT -Lounging
! 51 fin room, the EMPIRE
aim parlor, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
Iff/Hid LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU lor, and the LA-
i u V | DIES* WRITING
Hotels RooM -"That's it, that's it. You'll sell five
pairs of these shoes to one of any oth
ers."—New, York Weekly.
Shoe Dealer— It won't pay me to
handle these shoes on such small mar
gin.
Drummer— I know the profits are
small, but, my dear sir, just; look at
the shoes and see how they are made.
"Humph I They are made very bad-
Is^ ; miserable stuff, too — won't last a
week." ;
The wall surrounding Seoul, from
which kites are ever flying. Is but a
pocket edition of the great Chinese
wall that leads down *to the sea at
Shanhaikwan. Piercing this Korean
copy are the city gates — plcturesqfte
passage ways — which are promptly
and irrevocably closed with the set
ting of the sun. The west gate will
be entered by the tourist on reaching
the capital from Chemulpo and should
he come to the outside of this but a
minute after the sun has disappeared
behind the horizon and the "big bell"
has boomed its mournful warning
note, he is elected to camp in the open
until Phoebus ha3 cycled round the
world on the equatorial path. If he
reach the gate five minutes before It
closes on its groaning hinges he will
witness a sight that will almost repay
him for the toilsome trip up from the
coast. — Outing.
Walls of Korea's Capital.
BERKELEY, Jan. 23. — After squab
bling for the greater part of the week,
exhausting three venires aggregating
100 men and raking up one or two
scandals, the lawyers in the case of
"Sam" Fisher, saloonman, charged
with disturbing the peace of E. E.
Newton, agreed to-day upon the Jury
of twelve who t will pass upon Fisher's
culpability. The last two men were
secured this morning, the personnel of
the Jury being now as follows: C. F.
Hurlitz, G. A. Wanger, R. B. Baird,
A. Brokaw. F. E. Kling, Martin Arbu
lich, L. W. Burnhara, J. G. Wright. R.
A. Graham. William Van Housen, D.
L. Shirk and J. A. McNulty.
Jury to Try Fisher Secured.
had done anything so wonderfully
brave. Her mother, however, "says all
the praise is due the child, and is very
proud of her daughter.
An examination of the bedroom where
the girl had encountered the man
showed that he had got into it through
the only window, which he had forced
open with a jimmy. The bed, that stood
near the window, had been pushed
away from the wall and the bureau
drawers had all been ransacked.
The girl told the whole story of the
burglar's visit, to-day, in a modest
way. but did not seem to think that she
strength gave way. Wenzinger arrived
in a few minutes, and when he opened
the door there was no burglar to be
seen, the intruder evidently having
made his escape when he heard of
Wenzinger's approach. .
"Mamma," she said, "you take the
children and get out of the house. I can
hold the door until Mr. Wenzinger
comes. The burglar won't hurt. me if
he does break in."
Mrs. Kulkmeyer. did riot obey, how
ever, and clung to the door until her
of the two children. ? :
At last Freda decided to call her
mother, who lay 111 abed In an adjoin
ing room. She had feared to disturb
her at all, but now there was nothing
else to do. The mother came and took
the place of the brother at the door.
Then the sister dispatched the brother
to summon a neighbor to the scene.
The boy crept out of the back door and
leaped over a fence, going as fast as he
could to the home of A. L. Wenzinger,
a next-door neighbor. In the meantime
the feirl gave orders to the mother to
quit the house.
SICK MOTHER ASSISTS.
The burglar threw his weight against
the door in an attempt to force it
open. But the little girl was on the
other side, bearing all of her ninety
eight pounds against it, at the same
time holding the knob as hard as she
could.
Irving, the brother, had caught a
glimpse of the man too, so he made
haste to add his weight to his sister's.
The tug-of-war lasted about three min
utes, though it seemed an age to both
the children. All this time the man
kept pressing against the door, but said
not a word. The situation began to get
critical, for the labor and the fright
were having their effect on the limbs
BftAVELY HOLDS DOOR.
But while most of the honors of war
are due to the heroine the victory could
not have been achieved without the aid
of the army of two that followed the
directions of the leader. This army
consisted of Mrs. Hermann F. Kulk
meyer, the girl's mother, and Irving
Kulkmeyer, her brother, of 8 years.
These two carried out orders Implicitly
at the critical moment and helped win
the day. i •¦; ':.rl
The heroine. ran smack into the bur
glar about 8 o'clock last night while
she was going into the front bedroom
of the Kulkmeyer home. She saw him
loom up, big and awful, in the dark
just as she reached the threshold. A
moment more and she would have been
In his arms. But she retired quickly
through tko sitting-room to the kitchen
and slammed the door In the face of
the man, who had made a grab at her.
BERKELEY, Jan. 23.— Miss Freda
Kulkmeyer of 1724 Delaware street is
'only 10 years old, but she has all the
native courage of an African lion of
twice that many years. This was dem
onstrated last night when a burly bur
glar attacked the Kulkmeyer resi
dence with intent to rob it of all its
valuables. With rare presence of mind
this little heroine marshaled the forces
of the household like a major general
ordering his troops and compelled the
ruffian to retreat in disorder and dis
grace through a bedroom window.
TWO BRAVE BERKELEY TOTS. WHO FOILED THE ATTEMPT OF
A BOLD BURGLAR, BY HOLDING A DOOR THROUGH WHICH HE
WAS ABOUT TO PASS.
The invited guests were: - Dean Allen. Mon
roe Allen. Elizabeth Adams, Willie Allender.
Helen Acker, Emmet Brltton, • Martin Angus,
Miss Angus, Oakes BriRham. Earl Kukr* , Jef
fry Bane?, Gertrude Bangs, Katherine Bangs.
Henry Breck, Karl Breck. Helen B reck, • Roy
Butler, Berntce Bromweil, Helen Coogan, Thoda
Cockroft, Irving Cockroft. Clalr Coffin, Horace
Cadman, Anita Crellln, Katherlne Crellin, Alice
Crellln, Bradley Carr, Bessie Dargie, Deborah
Dyer, Will Davis, Albertlne : Detrick, Ellse
Detrick, Carol Eberts, Margaret, Eberts, Adole
Englehan'.t, Grace Ewlng. Bruce Farrington.
Marlon <Farrinston, Gladys Frick, Raymond
FricJs. Charles Fletcher. PhlllD Fisher. Mar-
Jorle Fisher. Harvey Ghlrardelli, Juanita Ghir
ardelli, Mary Gllchrlst. John Gilchrist, George
Goodman, John Goodman. Edith Goodf ellow,
Mary Gorsas. Master Hus-sey, Allen Hamilton,
Constance Heath, John Heath. Harvey Hill,
Dudley Herron. Marglne Hubbard, Sheridan
Hubbard. Sidney ; Howard. Helen Hathaway,
Tom Hcnshaw. Susie Hall, Frank Hall,
Master Henshaw. Margaret Holmes, "Harry
Ismon. Mildred - Isinon. James . Isaacs.
Simple Simon was represented by Lyman
Tayloi and Bradley Carr. Reml Knight, In
baker's costume, was Patty Cake, and Mary
Lyle Httchie. all In red, was a most adorable
little witch, with broom to sweep the sky.
The hall was beautifully decorated in green
and white and the children , not only enjoyed
the dancing and game of musical chairs, but
the iT.ovlng pictures, which. In fact, they
teemed to like best of all. Prizes were given
In the game of mucical chairs, the lucky ones
being Donald McClure, Margery Merrltt and
Albertlne Dctrick.
Mrs. Dunning was assisted in entertaining
her little daughters' eruests -by Mrs. J. J.
Valentine, Mrs. J. P. H. Dunn, Mrs. Robert
Knight. Mrs. George King, Mrs. Frank Brte
ham, Mm. Maud Everts, Mrs. Charles Sut
ton, Mrs. Fred Merritt, Mrs. Allen Knight,
Mies Alice Miller, Miss Carmen Sutton, Miss
Jane Rawlins, Mrs. Albert Dixon of Mara
Island and Mrs. J. R. Burnhani.
Elizabeth Adarro, with "cockle" shells and
pretty maids all in a row," was Mistress
Mary and .'o. also, was Bernlce Bromweil.
Irving Ccckroft wore probably the mott
unique costume In the room — a big, square
clock with mice running up and down. No
one needed to bo told he was Dickery Dock.
Boy Blues there were galore and Mother
Hubbaid was also a guest. Little Bo-Peep,
Old K'njr Cole and mahy other well-known
characters ot Mother Goose fame materialized
and enjoyed the dancing and games most
thoroughly.
Margaret Moore and Ruth Valentine were
milk maids, Lyman King was King of Hearts,
Dorothy Taft was Queen of Hearts and Keu
neth Kendall was the knave who stole the
tarts.
Helen Dunning was a very cunning Miss
Muffett, who wasn't at all afraid of the big
black spider embroidered en her blue satin
cklrt. Her overdress was of yellow satin
and the little bodice was of black velvet.
Mother Goose herself surely never dreamed
of a more beautiful sight than the children
mads In their varied and striking costumes.
Every character In the rhymes so dear to
every child was represented and many of tho
costumes were costly as well as quaint. De
borah Dunning, as Mother Goose. was a
charming little hostess. She wore a blue
satin skirt, with pink silk overdress. A tall,
clack, pointed hat and. tiny red shoes and
stockings completed this very dainty costume.
While the favored "grown-ups" of society
were enjoying the hospitality .of the Misses
Oliver their small sisters and brothers were
having the "time of their lives" at the Dun
ning Mother Goose party at Reed Hall. About
150 of Oakland's Juvenile elite had been in
vited to the fancy dress party given by little
Deborah and Helen Dunning this afternoon
and it certainly looked as if they were all
there.
Miss Bertha Young in pink silk, Mrs. Henry
Diockmann in light blue and Miss Claire
Chabot In white «;ik crepe were among those
who wore particularly pretty gowns.
Miss Burdge. who was to have been one
of the honored guests, was not present on
account of the recent death of Mrs. F. M.
Smith's mother. None of the young ladles
from Arbor Villa were there, although all were
to have helped receive.
The receiving party included Miss Jane
Barry, Miss I>etty Barry. Miss Winifred
Burdge, Miss Marian Smith, Miss Grace
Sperry, Miss Florence Nightingale. Miss Eve
lyn Ellis. Miss Ethel Moore. Miss Pearl Jones.
Mrs. Walter Starr, Mrs. James P. Sisson, Miss
Bertha Young, Mrs. Lillian Brown Everts,
Miss Florence Brown, Miss Cordelia Bishop,
Miss Marietta Havens, Miss May Cooxan, Miss
Isabelle Kendall. Miss Alice Knowles, Miss
Ruth Knowles, Mrs. Dan Belden, Mrs. Henry
Kosenfleld. Mrs. Willard F. Williamson, Miss
Edith Selby and Mrs. A. L. Stone.
Miss Isabella Kendall was a dainty picture
in blue with white lace. Mrs. Jack Hampton
wore a very stunning corn-colored silk, and
Mrs. Bernard Breeden wore a very becoming
tan silk trimmed with white lace.
S3Veral wore elegant vplvet dresses. Miss
Crlssle Taft, In blue, and Mrs. Harry Sullivan
of San Francisco In brown, were both very
attractive in gowns of that rich and popular
fabric.
Mrs. Waiter Starr wore a strikingly pretty
gown of pink "Jus!" cloth, and Miss Ethel
Moore was also in pink— a chiffon and lace
affair.
OAKUAXD, Jan. 23.— The Oliver card party
to-day, in honcr of the four much-feted young
brides-elect. Misses Edna Barry, Jacquelin
Moore, May Youne and May Burdge, was one
of the larpeat affairs of the kind given this
winter, and r>ot since Miss Anita Oliver's
comlngr out reception has the big mansion on
the hl!l been the scene of so brilliant or so
merry a gatherlnc. Flowers ran riot in t"ho
handsomely furnished rooms-, tlio drawing
room where the young hostesses received being
all in white. St. Joseph lilies and white
chrysanthemums were arranged with exquisite
grace and In the dining-room, also white,
fhasgy chrysanthemums formed the sole dec
oration. The library showed a very pretty
arrangement of violets and autumn leaves.
Card tables were arrar.sed for 140 players,
five hundred being the game for the afternoon.
This is a season of elaborate gowns and few
social affairs have been so conspicuous for the
number of "stunrilns" creations an were no
ticeable at the Oliver card party. The Misses
Oliver always dress with admirable taste and
both looked unusually well to-day. Miss Oliver
wearing a pink chiffon gauze and Miss Anita
Oliver being also In pink, an elaborate affair
of crepe de chine. Miss Jacqueline Mooro was
charmins in an ecru lace robe made over
yellow silk. Miss May .Young was daintiness
personified in a Parisian' creation of pale blue
crepe de chine, skirt and bodice being trimmed
with sunburst accordion pleatinf. Miss KtTha
Barry's gown of figured chiffon — white, with
pink flowers — was both pretty and becoming.
Mr3. A. L. Stone wore one of the handsomest
gowns in the room, a rich white lace. Mrs.
Brayton's; gown of white cloth was also much
admired. Mrs. WIHard Williamson wore a
beautiful white lace gown, and so did Miss
Marietta Havens, j
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
"The -circumstances of my father's
death I know. little about. I am wait
ing for a summons that is likely to ar
rive at any moment, when I will leave
immediately for London."
'•My father inherited the estate,
which has passed through the hands
of a long line of ancestors," she said.
"It consists principally of real estate,
much of which is in this country, and
personal property, such as stocks,
bonds and other securities.
Through the death of her father,
George Harvey of London, England,
Mrs. H. F. Patterson of Berkeley has
become the heir to an estate that is
estimated to be worth at least $500,
000. The news came to Mrs. Patter
son to-day in a cablegram from the
legal representatives of the estate, who
request her to go to London and prove
her heirship. She has already begun
her preparations for departure and
will leave within a few days. Mrs.
Patterson said to-day that' she did not
doubt that her father's estate was
worth half a million.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 23.
Expects to Go to England to
Prove Her Eight to Posses
sion of the Valuable Property
AWAITS EARLY SUMMONS
MOIJE J1003I IS NEEDED
TO HOKKOW THE MONEY
Objections td Project May
Come From the Military De
partment or the Residents
Change Will Take Place as
Soon as the Necessary Al
terations Can Ue Completed
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway; Jan. 23.
The Twelfth-street oflices of the Oak
land Transit Company, where the i re
ceivers new have their headquarters,
are to bo abandoned in the near future
and tho receivers will have their of
fices in the old San Pablo avenue
powfr-lious?, whc*re the general offices
of the company have been located for
some time.
A second floor will be put in where
the blacksmith s-hop is now situated,
the s^neral and receivers' offices
will be located in that section of the
buildinsr. The offices will be moved as
soon as the necessary alterations are
completed.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BHRKELET. Jan. 2.{.— The proposed revival
of students' labor day is accepted everywhere
»r a gocd thin)?. Max Tlielon, president of
ths AtFOcisied Stud'nt"!, is particularly pleased
with the idea and will call the attention of
the executive committee cf the Associated
Students to it when it meets next Tufsjay
•rvtr.ins. The Associated Women Students are
also enthusiastic over the project. They will
furnish a b2Eket lun.'h to the student work
men if the cay is celebrated.
Professor \V. W. Campbell, director of the
I.lrk Cbsorvatory. hjis b?en invited to dfliv?r
the principal address on astrophysics nt the
<'onsress of Arts aru Sciences at the I^ulslar.a
Purchese Esixjeltion at St. Louis. The entire
congress is under the direction of Professor
Simon Kewcorcb, Profewor Hugo Musnster
txrs and Professor Albion W. Small.
Professor Frederick J. Turner of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin, who is considered the
first authoritv on American history, has in
formed I > ro'e*;=or I^on J. Richardson, nean of
the summer *e.-sicn. of the titles of the sub
jects in which he will deal when he com?s to
tii" university to teach. The courses are ce
£igned . primarily for advanced Etud.-nts and
teachers of history, the subjects beins as
follows: "The Beginnings of the West." "The
Teaching: of American History" and "The Dip
lomatic History of Washington's Administra
tion."
IVccrder Sutton has announced that a't?r
Saturday, January 20. the addition of courts
will not l^e permitted by the study-lists com
mittees, exrept for extraordinary reason;- —
sach as for high scholarship and unusual prep
aration for the courses to be added. The re
moval of deficiencies aft»r January 3O -will not
qualify a student for registration this half
year nor for the addition courses.
Under th» heeding 'Taxation Without Justi
fication." th- Occident of this week attack*
editorially the recent edict of the university
authorities that upeclal fees must be paid by
all ftudents who have to take re-examinatioas.
The keynote of the attack ie that the students
are already taxed enouch Jor trifles and that
the boasted free education is really a very ex
pensive thinz.
Eerkc!?y Office San Francisco Call,
2118 Center street, Jan. 23.
The officers of the University of Cali
fornia and the Associated Students are
havinp various kinds of trouble In their
efforts to build a football oval. There
are any number cf objections to each
plan propose.!, especially in the way
of cost and space, and it wouldn't be
surprising if the whole thing was
abandoned.
In the hope of straightening out the
tancrln the executive committee of the
Associated Students had a consulta
tion with John Ga!en Howard, the su
rervi^lr.g architect of the university,
last nfgnt at the Bache'.ordon Club.
The committee decided to go ahead
with one of the thrve plans submitted.
but even this is likely to breed seri
ous objections.
The obje-oMons come from two quar
tern — ore from the military department
of th? 'sniverfily and the other from
residents. Co'.onrl Henry de II. Waite
firds himself very much cramped for
a drill pronnd just now, with the en
crosthmcrts of other departments
prowiv.rr all the t!mp. If the Hillegass
Tr?rt is taken by the footbai! oval ihe
• ad*t .repirr-ent v.ill b» forced to drill
in the street? or wherever there is a
little roorn. The residents whose homes
face on the HincjraFs Trart are likely
to <-bj« > ct bocausf. it is said, the walls
of Ih« field will destroy their view.
Under the.oripinal plan, drsigned to
fat 30,000 people, the cost will be
f 60.000, an altogether too large sum
for the students to spend. It cannot be
carried out without conflicting with
the sites mapped out for the buildings
of the greater university, and there is
rot room enough for the earth bleach
ers unless concrete walls are built to
hold them in place. Another scheme,
involving: the necessity of only one or
two walls instead of four, was found
to be almost as expensive as the first.
. According to the third plan, which
was adrpfKi, piles of earth thirty or
forty feet hiph ivi!l be thrown up, the
bases being eighty feet wide, thus pro
viding a slope for the bleachers. The
objections to this are the proximity of
houses and the dirt on the south side,
which would have to be fifteen feet
lower than en the east and west to
keep the dirt out of the streets. The
estimated cost of this work is $20,000.
There is now ?f>000 available to pay for
it, in that it will be necessary to bor
row the money ne«=-ded.
SAY CREMATORY CONTRACT
IS UNFAIR AND UNJUST
SAYS 31AV SHE WEDDED
ALREADY' HAD A WIFE
Corinne Maceldcrry Secures Decree
Annulling Her Marriage*on the
Ground of Bigamy.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23. — An order an
nulling the marriage of Corinne Mac
e-Merry to Hubert Macelderry was
made by Judge Melvin to-day on the
ground that Macelderry already had a
wife living in Montana when he con
tracted the second marriage.
Stephen Paulovich was granted a
divorce to-day from Ernelie Paulovich
on the ground of unfaithfulness.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day by
Pearl F. Eubanks against John W.
Eubanks on the ground of desertion.
Members of Women's Civil Improve
ment Club rrotest Against Ac
ceptance by the City.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23. — The follow
ing resolution of protest from the
Women's Civic Improvement Club
will be presented to the City Council
n«ct Monday evening:
To the Council of the City of Oakland: Th»
member* of the Women's Civic Improvement
Club of Oakland feel the prersir.g; necessity
that exists for a crematory to dispose of the
garbage of the city, and believe that a city
must be clean and sanitary before it can be
made bcautifu!. They fully/realize the dif
ficulties in the way of the Council, but they
also feel that it would be a great wrong to
all of the citizens of Oakland to compel them
to accept the contract under consideration.
They fall to see that the city is under any
moral .obligation to a company which has lost
money because of the failure of th- fulfill
ment of a former Illegal contract and which
would have been notoriously unjust and op
pressive to the city oj Oakland. They there
fore protest against the acceptance of the
present contract with (he Paclfle Incinerating
Company because It is still unfair and unjust
to the city's beat interests.
Sarah 1. Shuey. chairman of cremation of
frarbage committee: Sarah C. Borland, presi
dent; Mrs. E. A. Kluegel. secretary.
CORONER'S JURY CHARGES
;' OREO WITH MURDER
Elect New Directors.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— A new board
of directors for the Social Settlement,
Third and Linden streets, was elected
to-day and the following management
was chosen for the ensuing year: Mrs.
Ida II. Gorrill, Mrs. Sarah Cheek, Mrs.
S. P. Alexander, Miss Ethel Moore.
Miss Charlotte Playter. Mrs. R. H.
Chamberlain. Miss Wellman. Miss
Mary Alexander. Mrs. Tasheira and
Mrs. Charles Cushing.
Man Accused of Killing Lugui Grat
ziano Itefuscs to Give Testimony
at the Inquest.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23. — The Coroner's
jury in the case of Lugui Gratziano,
who died last Thursday at Fabiola
Hospital, returned the following ver
dict this evening: "We find that
death was caused by paralysis of the
vasa motor and respiratory centers,
due to injury to the spinal cord,
caused by a bullet fired from £. gun
in the hands of one Lugui Oreo, with
criminal intent, on December 23,
1S03, and we charge the said Lugui
Oreo with the crime of murder.
The verdict was signed by the fol
lowing jurors: John T. Walling, Sam
uel Wolf, C. A. Manuel, H. S. Scott,
Clay Hawbaker, L. Schwins and R. T.
Rich.
Oreo refused to^testify - at the Cor
oner's inquest. - • "- -"•'" . ;
Emma Wlngate Released.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23. — Emma Win
gate, pardoned by Governor Pardee
yesterday, was liberated from- the
county jail this afternoon and taken
out to the County Infirmary. She Is in
the last stages of consumption and
was sentenced to serve thirty days Jn
jail for vagrancy. Fearing she might
die in jail, a petition was sent to the
Governor, who ordered her release.
Would-Be Suicide Dies.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23. — Matalchi Kal,
a Japanese youth, who attempted sui
cide two months ago by shooting him
self In the forehead, died at the Re
ceiving Hospital this morning of
pneumonia, j $Ie had apparently re
covered from the wound in his head,
but pneumonia accomplished what
the bullet failed to do. ,
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23.~The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: David E. Gillett,
over 21, and Sarah C Steves, over 18.
both" of San Francisco; Charles E.
Hammerson, 25, Belmont, and Lulu M.
Daubenbiss, 19, Capitola; Anthony J.
Silva, 21, and Catherine Silva, 19, both
of Oakland.
Executive Committee of As
sociated Students Decides, to
Build a Football Field
Headquarters of Oakland Tran
sit Receivers Arc to Be Lo
cated ill the Old Carhousc
EIGHT SEAMEX PERISH
Officers Look for £000 That
Belonged to Sexton Whose
• Body Was Found on Marsh
SUSPECTS ARE STILL HELD
Heavy Surf Dashes Eescue-
Boat Upon Leach and Yog
Prevents Use of Life Lines
Records Shcnv One of Them Was
Accused of a Murder Several
Years Ago, but AVas Acquitted
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Jan. 23.
Investigation to establish the actual
cause of the death of Edward J. Sex
ton, whose dead body was found in
the marshes near Point Richmond
Thursday, has not been completed.
Sexton's back was found to be filled
with shot, but it has not been clearly
established whether these wounds
caused his death or whether it was
due to exposure or drowning.
To this end Coroner Curry of Contra
Costa County to-day ordered Dr. "Wil
liam Lucas to make a detailed exam
ination of the remains.
W. J. Davis and James Clancey, two
men who went hunting with Sexton,
are being held under suspicion of
having murdered him.
Clancey is one of the men who
were accused of killing Henry Walsh
about s ; x years ago. He was acquit
ted of that charge.
The local authorities are also
searching for $900 it is known Sexton
had about a week- ago, when his wife
secured a separation from him.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— Eight Hvc3
were lost in the wreck to-day off
Quogue, L. I., of the four-masted
schooner Augustus Hunt, bound for
Boston from NoHolk, Va., with coal. Of
the cre-w of ten only two were saved.
Second Mate George Ebert of Cleveland
and a Swede, who was unconscious
when washed upon the beach and
whose name could not be ascertained.
The vessel was in command of First
Mate Conary, v.ho took charge of her
in place of Captain Robert Blair when
she last left Boston. Soon after mid
night during a dense fog the schooner
stranded a few hundred feet from the
beach and about a mile west of the
Quogue life-saving station. A life-sav
ing patrolman heard the cries for help
and summoned the station crew. For
hours the Hfe-savers were able to hear
the cries of the men on the vessel,
which was near at hand, but buried In
the fog. They were absolutely unable
to help the men. Time and again they
launched their boat, only to have it
hurled back to the shore by the heavy
surf.
The llfe-saveae also had recourse to
life lines, but the shots carrying the
lines either fell wide or short of the in
visible mark. ,
Soon after daylight masses of wreck
age began to come ashore, indicating
that the vessel' was rapidly breaking
up. At noon a spar with a man cling
ing to it was seen tossing on the outer
line of breakers. After a line had been
shot across it and made fast by the
man he was pulled ashore and proved
to be Second Mate Ebert. A few min
utes later another sailor was seen on a
mass of wreckage, and a half-dozen
life-savers, forming a human chain,
dashed into the surf and drew him
ashore. He was unconscious and con
tinued in that condition at a late hour
to-night.
The cries of those remaining on the
wreck continued to grow fainter and
fainter during the afternoon, and final
ly ceased altogether. One body drifted
ashore, but it wa3 so disfigured as to
be unrecognizable.
It is believed that only the bow of the
vessel remains on the, bar. and that
from this the exhausted seamen
dropped one by one until all were swept
away. The vessel and cargo were valued
at $35,000.
SCHOOL CHILDREN MUST
UNDERGO VACCINATION*
Scholars Unable to Show Certificates
May Be Refused Right to Re
ceive Instruction.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23. — The order has
gone forth that all public school chil
dren must be vaccinated between now
and March 1. The matter has been
forced on the attention of the Board
of Education by the following com
munication received from the secre
tary of the State Board of Health:
California State Board of Health. Sacra
mento. January 10, 1£MM. — Board of Education.
Oakland. Col.: Oentleir.en — I would like to
call your attention to the law entitled "An
act to encourano and provide for a general
vaccination in the State of California."
The r??ent large number of ra«os of small
pox occurring in the city of Oakland and other
cities nnd towns throughout the State make it
necessary that this act should be strictly en
forced. • " —
You will, therefore. In comsliance with this
ant, give notice to those claiming the advant
ages of the schools that they must present a
certificate of successful vaccination or leave
tho school. Falllnc to do this. It will become
my duty, on behalf of the State Board of
Health, to appoint a day when all children
must be vaccinated. I greatly prefer that such
order should emanate from your honorable
body. Yours very truly. X. K. FOSTER.
Secretary State Board of Health.
A resolution has been prepared by
the Board of » Education which will be
passed next Monday .evening stating
that all public school children must
present certificates of vaccination by
March 1.
VESSELS IX GRIP OF ICE.
Storm Rages and Gnir of St. Law
rence Is Frozen Solid.
ST. JOHN, N. B., Jan. 23.— Another
violent snowstorm raged over the whole
island to-day. Four schooners are fast
In the Ice and aro unable to communi
cate with the shore. The whole bay
and the gulf of St. Lawrence as far
as the eye can reach is a mass ef Ice.
Two other craft that were carried out
into the gulf are frozen fast In the floe.
Did Not Sign Papers.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23. — In an affida
vit filed by Ann Becte to-day she de
nies she signed papers by which she
is supposed to have transferred an
$1800 mortgage to her brother-in
law, W. S. Beebe. She is suing Oliver
C. Coffin and his wife, Ella F. Coffin,
for foreclosure of the mortgage and
they claim they have paid it to Beebe.
SCHOOXEC GOES ASHORE.
Vessel Wrecked on Atlantic Coast and
Crew May Have Perished.
NEW/TORK, Jan. 23.— The small
two-masted schoner Alexa, of Lunen
burg, N. S., bound with a cargo of su
gar, from Manzanlllo, for New York,
went ashore early to-day east of Rock
away Beach and became a total wreck.
It is feared the crew perished.
Lumber Clerks Install Officers.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23. — The Lumber
Clerks' Union has installed the follow
ing officers for. the ensuing term:
President, C. Flanagan; vice president,
G. Smith; recording and financial sec
retary, Ed Warphal; treasurer, Joe
Guido; sergeant at -arms. Con Shee
han.
Coming of the Ducks.
Indeed, the flight of -water fowl is
dramatic enough. In -waning October
the waters you love have been duck
less since last March. The crisp frosts
and harvest moons have stirred your
blood mightily, and your heart feela
something of the unrest that has seized
the host of wild fowl in the waters of
the vast North and Northwest. You
picture the broods trying their wings
for the long flight. Somewhere, beyond
the cities and railroads, a great white
swan, for generations a leader. Is cir
cling around a Greenland cape In th»
van of a trumpeting line of younger
birds In training for the mighty essay
of wings: in Canada's wilderness the
stately geese are gathering their clans
and making a honking parliament of
discussion over the start; the royal
canvasback who has raised her brood
on some floating island of the Great
Slave Lake is stirring, and the males.
too, have come through their bachelor
moult and are resplendent and vigor
ous again. All are nervously awaiting
Mother Nature's signals— the frost, tho
moon and the winds.— Country Life in
America.
Xo Financial legislation.
WASHINGTCTN. Jan. 23.— It has been
practically settled that no financial leg
islation will be enacted at the present
session of Congress.
Almce Jorgensen, Allen Knight. Lyman Kinp,
Spencer Kales, Reml Knitrht, Elizabeth Ken
dall, Kenneth Kendall. Morris Lyman. Amy
Loffin?. Sally Lone, Fred Moller. Marion Mil
ler, Leslie Miller. Vibella Martin, Donald Me-
Clure, Dick McClure, Marearrt Moore. Ken
neth MonteaKle. Margie Merritt. Madie Mer
ritt, Lawrence Mathlru. Julien Mathieu. Caro
lyn Meek, Ernestine McXear, George McXear,
Klnsey Miller. Allon Morrow, Alma Nalsmlth.
Harol.1 Nalsmith, Rosalie Ogden. Clarence Og
den. Frank Otrden, Ethel Falmanteer. Master
Percy, Miss Percy, Marion liodolob. Helen
Rodolph, Helen Ritchie, Mary Lyle Ritchie.
Tom Ritchie. Kathrrine Reddinjr. Amy Requa.
I^awrcnce Requa, Walter- Scott. Lowndes Scott.
Harriot Stone. Marlon Stone. Helen Stone.
Dorothy Stone, Arthur Selby, Master Sharon.
Phllena Wetmore. Harriet Walsh. Edward
Walsh, Helen Weston, Clarence Williams. Mu
riel Williams., Florence Williams. Corona Wil
liams, Francis Witch«r, Helen Tiffany. Harold
Thornton, Lyman Taylor, Master and Miss
Thomas, Dorothy' Taft. Dallba Thompson,
Master and Miss Thomas. Dudley Valentine,
Ruth Valentine, Alfred von dcr Ropp and Vera
von der Ropp.
Piedmont Parlor No. 27, N. D. O. W., will
grive '.ts eiehth anniversary ball on Wednes
day, January 27, at Hovey Hall, 414 Eleventh
street. The committee in charge la endeavor
ing to make the affair a social miecess. xh«
committee Is composed of Mrs. IJeda Paeheco
(chairman), Mrs. G. Bibber, Miss A. Bock.
Miss E. Burns, Mrs. A. McDonald, Mr* p
Scott, Miss M. Dlefenbacher. Mlsa L. Ham
merly. Mrs. J. Jordan, Miss M. Sewell and
Miss A. Muller.
The question of having female fac
tory Inspectors is being discussed in
Switzerland and the mer.sure i3 advo
cated by owners of factories. -
Valued at Half a Million
4
Mrs. II. F. Patterson Finds
Herself the Heir to an Estate
Freda Kulkmeyer, Ten Years of Age, Upon Finding
Thief in Bedroom Shows Herself Heroine and
Marauder Is Driven Off Without Securing Booty
Life-Saving Station, Unable to
Aid the / CrcAv of a Schooner
Ashore on Ion*? Island
ACCEPT PLANS
FOR NEW OVAL
COMPANY WILL
MOVE OFFICES
BELIEVES GOLD
INCITED CRIME
FATHER'S DEATH
BRINGS RICHES
HELPLESS MEN
SHOW IN VAIN
COURAGE OF LITTLE GIRL BALKS
BURGLAR WHO BREAKS INTO HOME
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF A ALAMED A
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 100*.
40
_^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
DBBDBEIBaBBHBSBDHBiiBBIIBOBBgESBIIBBaaBBBSaaBQSa
5 an, mm. jjj
H - *
a Years of experience in treating rupture exclusivelv en- a
| able us to tell_£xactly what we can do when we examine a §
? case. Hence, when -we accept a case we kndW a cure will re- »
H S lL w ThlS t S t W^ y e Can afford t0 acce P t cases and ask for S
U No Money Until a Cure is Made. Treatment is riven once a
¦ a week for seven or eight weeks. There is no operation, pain §
| or oss of time. Ladies and children stand the treatment as 3
| well as strong men. We can furnish scores of references Call 2
g and talk the matter over— it costs nothing. * |
| Fidelity Rupture Cure 1
| 1344 riarket Street San Francisco I
¦BBgaaaansBBMBHMgBsaaaNMHMaBaMHgaaBS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AVOID DANGEROUS
OR
UNCERTAIN TREATMENT
DR. HOLSMAN
Ths Master Specialist for More
Tfean 17 Yiars
The Most Successful end Reliable Spe-
cialist in the West. Consultation
Free at Office or ky Mail.
I MAKE ICO MISLEADING STATE-
MENTS or deceptive . propositions to th*
tlf.'.cteA. neither do I protnli* to cur*
th»-m IK A FHV D.A.TS in order to eecar*
th'.r F«.tron»r»; but I eunrantee a OOM-
FMTTE SAFE AND LASTING CURE Jn
th* QUICKEST POSSIB^g TIME without
t«-m »nfl at ih» lowest co«t possible for
KONEFT, SKILLFTI, «nd SUCCESSFUL
TREATMENT. I cure
NERVOUS DEBILITY
BLOOD POISON
VARICOCELE
STRICTURE
RECTAL, KIDNEY Disease
and all reficz complication* and a*eo-
cUte diseases aufl affectioas.
If you cannot call, write for ques-
tion list and free book describing my
specialty. Correspondence confiden-
tial.
C. K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
729 KAEEET ST. (Top Floor).
Hours — 9 to 8 daily; 9 to 12 Sunday*.The Time Ball on the tower of the Perry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e.. at. noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m.. Greenwich time. J J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., ln charge.
Branch Hydosraphle Office. TJ. 8. N. 1 . Mer
• chants' . Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,'
January 23. \ 1904. ;
Time Ball.
To Mexico — 107 Eals 5 cs wine r» cs mineral
water 0000 ft lumber. 7 pk BS potato^. 5 pkgs
fresh fruits, 0 pkgs groceries and provision?
C pk*s drugs, 1501 lbs soda, 5 cs turpentine
6 coils rope. 200 lbs sulphur. 9 kegs K 7
pkrs shl:» chandlery, 10 steel plates
To Central America — 7070 bbls flour 44°.T
gals CO C3 wine, 3S5 srals 84 cs whisky- 6 nks'i
b'-er, 77 Btils 37 cs liquors. 8 cs champagne.
4 pkts mineral water. 212 cs canned l-ckW
5133 lbs meal, I960 lbs raisins, 53 pkRa m-to"
tio pkes groceries and provisions, cogs "iha
spices, SOS lbs tea, T2. nkts onions, 21 cs Bal
mon, 41t5O lbs codllsh, l»,i!00 lbs rice *>S rkzii
fresh fruit, 27 pkgs potatoes, 1300 'lbs ham
and babon, 2SO lbs nuts, 12S4 lbs 2 cs broad
910 lbs malt, 644 lbs dried fruit. 30 cs Had
oil. 20 bxs candles, 602 pkps machinery 115
cs coal oil, 18 bxs eoap, 23 cs ammunition
10 bdls eacks. 7 bales leather. 116-pkSpanSi
and oils. S418 lbs tallow, 377 pk KS tink ma
terial, 10 flasks quicksilver. 3 pkgs oars 10 000
lbs sulDhate of copper, 10 cs electrical s'ud
plies, 40.000 lbs cement. 1(5 pkgs dry eooda
100 re^ls barbed wire. 6 pkes nails, fcy bdls
10 bars steel.
,To Panama— 200 bbls flour, 616 teals ' Trine
50 pkus potatoes, 5 cs canned eoody, 4 casks
bottled beer. 437 lbs 4 cs manufactured to
bacco, 10 es table preparations- 23 pkss paints
and oils, 7 pkgs naval storeg. 38 bxs soap.
420 lbs soda, 2 bdls ropo, ¦ 0 cs shoes, 21 cs
bread. '¦'¦".* >:*
To Colombia— 75 bbls flour, 692 eals wine.
The steamer Colon, which sailed vestcrdav
for Panama and way ports, carried merchan
dise for Mexico valued at *1200; Cental Arm-r
ica. $r,5,133: Panama, WTa7; Colombia SlSm-
New York. fiS.776. The follow?ns ,ver* ihe
principal exports: " 1B
Cargo by tlie Panama Steamer.
The vessels en the overdue ll*t were quoted
yesterday as follows. Paris. 90 per cent net:
Martaban, 80 per cent; Robert lUckmers, J£
per cent; Loch Bredan, 90 per cent: Castor?
10 per cent; Pt. Mlrrer, 10 per cent; Alder-
Erove, 15 per cent.
Tlie Overdue Ust.
"You and the captain come to the dock,
fleht it out. and I'll see fair play," euj^gestcd
Edner. Holmberg agreed, but once on the dock
Edner and Gwin crabbed hir.i and after a
battle laptins ten minutes, during which Holm
berg smashed one pair of handcuffs, the
prisoner was placed on board the patrol wagon
and hurried to the harbor station. Of the men
that cast eft the lines whrn the Glory of the
Sea« left the wharf, seven had black eyes.
Easier to «ay than accomplished, however,
and when Holmberg reinforced his ready fists
with a belaying pin and defied the world.
Policeman Edner rieclded that etrategy might
be more eftectUe than force.
The ship Glory of the Seao. Captain Pindlnp,
which sailed yesterday for Ladyemith, will
make- the trip to the northern port without a
mate. When Olaf Holmberg, v.-ho was mate,,
boarded the ship at Greenwich-street wharf
he ivas drunk and agwe»sive. Captain PlnUIns
remonstrated, and when Holmberg threatened
to punch the skipper's head a big eailor stepped
between the captain and mate. Bans went
tho mate's fist agnir.rt the sailor's jaw and
down went the tar. Another mariner stepped
up and followed the first to the deck. Other
sailors Joined in and all found the mate in
good fightins form. The battle became gen
eral. In the confusion C.iptain Pinding went
ashore and telephoned for the police. Officers
Edner and Gwin responded. With some dif
ficulty Captain Pinding pointed out the busiest
and bloodiest of the fighting mob. "That's
the man. Arrest him."
Fights the Whole Crew.
The French bark I* Fontaine (at Portland)
l ° arrlVaI f ° r WhPat thenc «
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner Colon
eaiied yestc-rday for Panama. She carried
2CC0 tone of freight and about forty passengers
Htr careo included 800 tons of flour.
XKWS OF THE OCEAX.
Colon Sails for Panama.
T>e Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's l'.ner Gaelic, which is due here
January 30. is bringing the largest cargo of
raw sl'.k evr<r brought across the Pacific. The
consignment consists of 2300 bales, and is
worth) more than ?1, 500, 000.
The tug Sea Rover, which left here for Coos
Bay the day the. Dauntless sailed for Gray*
Harbor, was sighted yesterday by the steamer
San Pedro about twenty miles southwest of
Crescent City. The Rover, ip bringing a big
barpre from Coos Bay. The Dauntless, which
arrived Friday with the steam nchooner J. S.
Higgins in tow, came from Grays Harbor in
eeventy-cight hour?, making a better trip with
her tow than th» average unencumbered
coaster. It was the first lone; ocf.in tor.- of the
Dauntless and Captain Shea is very proud of
the new beat's showing.
?
Hecoicl Cai-ijo of Raw Silk.
Sea Rover Is Coming.
TO ARRIVE. ,_
Steamer. From. I Due.
Sequoia Monterey I Jan. 24
j Atholl ! China & Japan |Jan. 24
; Del Norte. . . . • Crescent City '.... . jJan. 2\
} Corona I Humboldt :... Jan. 24
i Centennial....] Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 24
: Edith Tacoma Jan. 25
i Chehalte Ran Pedro Jan. 25
| State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts.jjan. 25
Coos Bay . San Pedro & Way PortslJan. 25
Oregon Portland & Astoria Jan. 25
Tellun Oyster Harbor |Jan. 26
Coronado. .<. . San Pedro Jan. 28
S. idonica .... San Pedro Jan. 26
• Arcata Cccs Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 26
j Pomo Point Arena & Albion. Jan. 20
Alameda Honolulu Jan. 26
I Czarina Coos Bay Jan. 27
Eureka | Humboldf Jan. 27
City Puebla...l Puget Sound Ports Jan. 27
Newport [New York via Panama. Jan. 27
Pomona jHumboldt Jan. 27
S. Barbara.... San Pedro jjan. 28
Santa Rosa... [San Diego & Way Pta. Jan. 28
Centralla 'San Pedro |Jan. 28
Point Arena... Mendocino & Pt. Arena. IJan. 23
I Rainier [Seattle & Whatcom IJan. 28
I Curacao Mexican Ports ]Jan. 29
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. |Jan. 20
Rival Wlllapa Harbor IJan. 30
Gaelic China & Japan .'|Jan. 3U
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria IJan. 30
i J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma iJan. 31
I North Fork... Humboldt |Jan. 81
> Umotllla Pusret Sound Ports IFeb. . 1
[Ventura -Sydney & Way Porta.lFeb. 1
J Memphis Hamlra.rj & Way PortslFeb. 2
MaripoRa Tahiti (Feb. 3
j City Para New York via Panama. |Feb. 4
| TO SAIL. : .i '~
I : ,
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
—— — — — • — — - — -— — — — — —^ I
| January 24. ' (
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 5 pmiPler 20
; Jeanie | Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmjPler 2U
Eureka....] Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. P.osa.... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Bonita..... Newport & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
¦ January 25.
Newburg.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
C. Nelson. Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 20
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Chehalls... Oraya Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
A. Maru... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
¦ January 26. I I
Seauola. • • • Grays Harbor 1 4 pmjpier 20
s Monica.- Grays Harbor 4 pmiPier •»
licjua Humboldt 9.am|Pter 2
r-otona Humboldt. 1:3U pIPter 9
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pler 10
OueenV Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pler 9
January 27. |
BanP^ 10 * Humboldt 10 am|Pler 2
January 28.
8 Barbara Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2 j
Centralla. • Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Cpntennlal. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Orceon Astoria A Portlandlll am Pier 21
Arcata....- Coos B. & Pt Orfrd|12 n> Pier 13
Pmno ...*• P l - Arena & Alblonl 6 pm Pier 2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.| 0 am Pier 11
January 29.
Pomona Humboldt . — 1:30 p Pier 9
January 30.
. Pt Arena.. Ft. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance... .Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 18
Alameda.. • Honolulu 11 am Pier 7 i
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
January 31.
City Pueblt Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
rebruary 2. I |
G W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
K Ore a China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Rainier... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Pebruary 3. I
Rival...--. WIHapa Harbor . .j 4 pm Pier 10
JPeforuary C. . J{
Umatilla.. Puget Sound Ports.|ll am Pier 9
~~~~~~ JTROM~ SEATTLE.
Steamer. | , For. - Sails.
Dolphin. ......' Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 24
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 29
Excelsior..... Cooks Jnlet & Way Pta. Feb. 1
J Dollar....... Valdez & Way Porn.. Feb. f !
Al-K! Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 5
Bertha.. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 10
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet & Way Ptg. Feb. 16
Movements of Steamers.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tld?s are given In the left
hand column and the successive tideaof the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights gtven are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given 1b subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
24 3:59 5.0110:14 2.1) 4:071 3.6 9:35 1.0
25 4:38 5.1|11:18 1.7| 5:25| 3.4 10:47 2.2
20 5:25 5.312:25 1.1| C:5S| 3.4 11:50 2.3
27 C:16 5.5 1:27 0.6| 3:201 3.7
L W H W| |L Wj H Wl
28 0:55 2.6 7:101 5.71 2:17 0.0 9:221 4.0
29 l:5G| 2.7 8:04| 5.3| 3:10|— O.511O:13| 4.4
O IH Wl |L WJ JH Wl |L W|
» Ft. | [ Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
? lTimel ITImel lTlrne! |Tlme|
Sun rises 7:20
Sun sets 5:23
Moon sets 0:00 a. m.
NOTE — The lilgh and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
bria. from New York, for Liverpool. .
CHKRBOUP.G— Sailed Jan 23— Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton, for Jfew York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr New
Y,ork, from Cherbourg and Southampton.
ANTWERP— Sailed J»n 20— Stmr Finland,
for New York.
NEW YORK — Arrived Jan 23— Stmr La Tou
ralne, from Havre: stmr Ethiopia, from Glas
gow; ftmr Philadelphia, from Southampton.
Sailed Jan 23 — Stmr MInnetonka, for I^n
don; •Jtmr St Paul, for Plymouth, Cherbourg
and Southampton: Btmr Siberian, for Glasgow;
f>tmr Pretoria, for Plymouth, Cherbounr and
Hamburg: stmr Lucania, for Liverpool; stmr
Kroonland, for 'Antwerp; stmr Prlnzess Irene,
for Naples. ..
LIZARD — Passed Jan 23 — Stmr New York,
for Plymouth,. Cherbourg and Southampton.
1A V Kit POOL. — Arrived Jan 23 — Stmr Haver
ford, from . Philadelphia.
Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Etrurla, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Jan 23— Stmr St
Louis, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Jan 23 — Stmr La Cham
pagne, for New York.
QUI2ENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 23 — Stmr Um-
OCEAN STEAMERS
WALMER— Arrived Jan 21— Br ship Marl
borouRh Hill, hence Sept :*..
AMSTERDAM— In port Jan 5— Br ship Car
narvon Bay. for Port Los Angeles via Tync.
BREMEN— In port Jan 6— Ger bark Char
lotte for Honolulu.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Jan 22— Fr bark
Marguerite Molinos. for West Hartlepool.
SYDNEY — Arrived Jan 22 — Ship Jabez
Howes, from Ballard. \
VENTNOR— Passed Jan 2f>— Ger shin See
fahrer, from Antwerp, for San Fraftolsco. Jan
21 Br shin Port Elgin, from Antwerp, for
San Francisco.
SHANGHAI — Arrived nrlor to Jan 23 — Br
stmr Ararat, from Hongkong, for New York.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior to Jan 23 — Stmr
Nippon Maru, from San Francisco, for Hong-
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Victoria,
from Honckong. • - ::,:./;.;
FOREIGN PORTS,
CAPE HENRY — Passed Jan 21 — Br ship
Queen Elizabeth, from Taltal. for Baltimore.
EASTERN PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 22— Schr Robert
R HIp»l. from Grays Harbor.
SaJW Jan 22— Stmr Rosecrans, for Hllo;
Br ship Xclherby, for Puget Sound; Br atmr
Coptic for Yokohama.
Arrived Jan 23 — Br stmr Gaelic, from Yo
kohama, for San Francisco; bark Mohican,
hence Jan 10.
KAHULUI— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Hawaiian,
from Honolulu.
Saturday, January 23.
Stmr Westport, Smith, 17 hours from "West-
Stmr Samoa. M.".'l?en, 43 hours from Redondo.
Stmr Bontta. Glelow, 05 hours from San
Podro and way ports.
Stmr Rcdondo. Krog. 21 hours from Eureka;
bound south; put in to land passengers.
fUmr Korea, Seabury, 27 days 12 hours 28
minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 10
liars, via Honolulu 5 da>s 13 hours 37 mlnutea.
Stmr Ia<iua, Jorcenson, 21 hours from Ku
r<ka.
Stmr Jeanie, Mason, 5 days from Seattle. •
Stmr San Pedro, Peterson, 72 hours from
Aberdeen.
Ptmr Noyo, Johrson, 21 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Xnvnrro. Wtber, 2{) hours -from Eu-
V P stmr Mohican, Djxy, 20 hours from Mon
terey.
Fr bark rtonchamp. Labee. 22G days from
Nc-Tvc&stle. Kng. via Rio de Janeiro 126 Oays,
IJris Lurllne, Forest, S days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr J M Weather-wax, Backman, 8 days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Alpena, Cirkholm, 10 days from What
com.
CLEARED..
Saturday 1 , January 23.
Stmr Colon. Irvine, Panama, etc; Pacific
Mail Steamship Co.
Stmr Nebraskan. AVeedcn, New York; Wil
liams, Ijiniond & Co.
Stmr UonHa. Gielow. San Pedro; Pacific
Coa;-t Sfamshir> Co.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Br ?tmr Longshlps, Walker, Port Townsend;
J .1 Moore & Co. .
Ship Glcry of the Seas, Plndlng, Ladysmith;
R Dun-smnir's Scrs Co.
Bark Albert, Turne, Honolulu; Williams, Dl
mond & Co. . . . •
SAILED,
Saturday. January 23.
Stmr Oeo .W Klder, RandaU, Astoria.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. Casuar.
Stmr Colon. V Irvine, Panama, etc. .
Stmt Pcmonu, 'liwanscn, Kureka.
Ftmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Mendocino.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson, Eureka.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, Bowens 1 -a nil inc.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, Point Arena.
Stmr Redondo, Kroe. San Pedro.
Stmr Asuncion, Brldsett, Redondo.
Stmr W >I Kruger. Ahltn, Eureka. ,
Stmr Urace Dollar. Kosen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Kebraskan, Weeden, New York.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, Caspar.
Ptmr Fulton, Lee, Portland. ?
Stmr G- C Limiauer, Alien, Grays Harbor.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Pinding, Ladysmith.
Hark Louisiana, Peterson. Portland.
Schr Maweema, Smith. Port Townsend.
SPOKEN.
Per strcr San Pedro — On Jan 22, 20 miles ¦
SW of Crescent City, tug Sta Rover, from
Coos Bay for San Francisco, with bante in
tow.
Jan 5, lit 5 S. Ion 3S W, Br ship Rajore,
from Shields, for Orecon.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 23, 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind XE, velocity (i miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PKDRO— Arrived Jan 22— Stmr Coos
Bay, hence Jan 20; schr Muriel, from Ta
coma.
Saiied Jan 22— Stmr Coos Bay, for San
Francisco; schr Fearless, for Falrhavon; etmr
Coquille River, for San Francisco; stmr Fran
cis II Lurtreti, for Pan Francisco; stmr Che
halls, for Pan Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 2.3— Stmr /Valencia,
from Skssway.
Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Farallon, for Skagway.
PORT r-OS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 23—
Stmr Santa Barbara, from San Pedro.
Sailed Jan 2^ — Stmr Santa Barbara, for San
FranclHco. •
A 8TCRTA— Arrived Jan 23— Br stmr Indra
?aniha, from Honekong. Jan 22— Schr Chal
lenger, hence Jan 8.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Jan 23— Bktn Ara
go, hence Jan !•; schr Excelsior, from San
Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 23 — Schr Kxpansion,
for San Pedro.
UilPQUA P.IVER— Arrived Jan 2f>— Schr
Lily, hence Jan 13.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 23— Schr
Matthew Turner, from Kahulul.
Arrived Jan 23— Baric Hwper, from San .
Pedro.
GItAVS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 23— Schr
Sausalito, hence Jan 2.
TATOOSH — Passed in Jan 23 — Schr F W
Howe, from San Pedro, for Port Towneend.
Passed in Jan 23 — Stmr '•¦ Mackinaw, hence
Jan 20, for Tacoma; stmr Umatllla, hence
Jan 21, for Victoria and Seattle.
REDONDO— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Francis
H Leggett, from Han Frdro; sttnrs Central la
and Prentipn, hence Jan 21.
HAIIDY CREEK — Arrived Jan 23— Stmr
Kewnbuv, hence Jan 21.
EUREKA— Sailed Jan 2.1— Schr Bertha Dol
beer and *tmr Pa?adona. for San Pedro; stmrs
Pomona- and Abrrdor n, for Sun , Francisco.
ISLAND TORTS.
Shipping' Intelligence.
ARRIVED
| Petitions in insolvency were filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court as follows: A. W. Taylor, train
porter, Point Richmond, liabilities
$693, no assets; Thomas Turnbull,
farmer, Morgan Hill, liabilities $886,
no assets.
Petitions in. Insolvency.
John H. Schultz, an engineer, who
was injured while running 1 a train for
the Gualala Mill Railroad Company,
sued the company yesterday for $20,
361 damages. He alleges that the
company was negligent in caring for
its roadbed and compelled him to run
his locomotive at an hour when it
was unsafe.
Engineer A\ ants Damages.
The steamer Nebraskan was cleared yester
day for New Vork With an assorted merchan
dise cargo. The cargo included the following:
11, SKI CS cannpd salmon. S01:9 bbls wine, &51
cs canned asparasuu, til cs canned fruit,
3417 Fks brans, 2.V)3 cs baking powder, 400 sks
cascara, 101 cs olives, 2t?2 pkKs root beer, 1
cs srnces. 4307 piss lead, 3O;5 tons scrap Iron,
220 bales junk, 1 pks machinery, 16 pkgs
puir.pp, 2C.S3 bbls a?;->ha'.tum, 2 balee seal
skins. 34 cs drues and sundries, 2 pkgs paints.
The steamer also carried 400 cs canned salmon
on nvjtp t!> Boston, Mass., and 11 bales Junk
for Philadelphia.
A Cargo for New York.
3IerchandI.se for Honolulu.
The bark Albert was cleared for Honolulu
yesterday with a general merchandise cargo
valued at $24,412, and including the following:
1230 bbls flour. 112.044 lbs bran, 10,254 lbs
middlings, 1014 bales hay, ,1581 ctls barley,
51 ctls oats. 133 ctl^ wheat, 30,500 lbs suiar,
C25O lbs fertiliser, 1235 lbs 0 cs meals, oO-J
ctls corn, 2730 lbs oil cake meal, 3703 rals
v;lne, 5830 lbs lard, 43 es splcea, 10 cs canned
roods, 800 lbs tea, 6000 lbs bread, 379 gala
120 cs whisky, 5:t Eals 15 cs brandy, 781 gals
vinegar, M pkes groceries and provisions. • 11
cs dry coods», 7 cs boots and shoes, 1 cs caps,
2000 fire bricks. 17 pkgs wagon material, 1
cs ammunition. 20 colls rope, 1 pkg machinery,
2C>10 lbs tobacco, 24 cs matches, 52 bdls shooks,
25 bbis 5 !:its rickled salmon.
Wolfe is well known here and has al
ways borne a good reputation. The af
fair is said to have been the result of
letters written by Burt.
RED BLUFF, Jan. 23.— B. A. Bell,
manager of the Gallatin ranch, arrived
in town to-night, bringing with him
Frank Wolfe to surrender to the Sher
iff. This afternoon Wolfe shot an em
ploye on the ranch named Homer Burt.
Four bullets took effect in Burfs body,
and it is thought that he will die.' A
physician has gone out to the ranch,
which is sixteen miles from here.
Four Shots Take Effect and
Doctor Is Hurried Sixteen
Miles to Save Injured Laborer
LicutenHnt Commander B. A. Anderson, Mrs.
H. F. Allen, Miss Dana G. Allen, W. P.
Armstrong. K. Ando, t^. As-.irka and servant,
AbdallPh Kahn, Almas Kahn. K. A. Abbott,
Howard Abbott, C. K. Berd, Mrs. C. R. Bard.
Mrs. L. E. JJear. James Hear, Robert Hear,
Dr. J. N. Bristen (United States navy), Mrs.
Tony Bonff. Mrs. W. Klrkpatrick Hrice. Miss
E. Bills, Mrs. H. A. Blum, F. W. Carpenter,
Captain F. E. Cofreu, Miss L. Curry. J. A.
Cunninsham. Mrs. J. A. Cunningham. Miss K.
J. Cartwrisht, Mi»s R. Canton, Mrs. K. (J.
Davenport, Miss Eleanor Davenport, F De
vault. Miss Dunkln, Miss Alice Dunkin. Samuel
Dusenbery, Mrs. Samuel Dusenbery, Harry S.
Dusenbery. \V. W. Durham, Mrs. . W. AV.
Durham, Ensign H. Ellison, A. G. Ksca miller.
Miss Bessie Ferert, A. H. Fleming, Mrs. A.
H. Fleming, Mrs. A. N. Gade, .1. Galvez, Mif-s
Goodfellow. A. N. Gray, Mrs. E. E. Gregory,
A. Guerrero, Mrs. L,. M. Guerrero, C. K.
Greenfield. Miss B. U Hargear. Mrs. M. Pi
Haln, Mrs. II. Hardle. six children and ser
vant; Miss M. E. Hawley. Miss Wllma Haw
ley, Rev. W. S. Hornsby, Vossuge Kor.our,
Mrs. Alice P. Hudson. Hassleu Kahn. II. A.
Gross *nd wife, A. Gartley. Miss K. Gardner,
C. J. Hutchins, G. Inimlshi. K. Iwaya. F. G.
Kell. H. F. Kendall, Mrs. M. D. Kewill, Miss
Ada Kewill, L,. B. Kron, Mrs. Joseph I^aw,
Miss Lally A. I^ong, M. Liopoz, Mrs. E. S.
Luthl, Dsvid Lawrence, H. F. Lewis, Mr*.
H. F. Lewis, Donald Lewis, H. K. Mlrza AH
Asgar, Khan Atabakl Ozam, Mehdi Quoll
Kahn, Mirza Ahmad Kahn, S. Mayekawa.
H. A. Manning, Mss. H. A. Manninsr. Miss
Jeanettcr Mam. Miss M. P. McCormick. .1.
S. McCoy, H. D. Morrison. Miss Frances May
er, E. A. Mclnnrny, J. G. McFadyean, Miss
M. Mackle, Dr. R. P. Meyers, Mrs. R. P.
Mpyers. Mlsa Margaret Mclntyre, J. E. Met
ealfe, Mrs. J. E. Metcalfe. Mrs. M. L. Mc-
Cormick. Miss Margaret Fleming, S. Nunorae,
Miss E. Oederi. W. McC. Osborne. Miss Grace
Power. J. B. Pattulo. James FHatraH, Dr.
Ramsden, Mrs. Ramsden, C. du Roi, Mrs.
M. F. Rlttenhouse. H. V. Reeves, Mrs. C. C.
Rosenwasser, Miss L. Roaenwasser and servant,
Hugh Sutherland, Mrs. Sanford and child. Mrs.
Charles Hchiesinger, Robert Schoen, H. Scho.vs
bersrer. Miss Frances Eheppard, George A.
Fterling, Mrs. Ktrettmatter, K. Sufrawa and
eervant. Mrs. K. Sujrawa. W r . O. Smith, Gov
err.or William H. Taft. Mrs. Taft, Miss Taft.
Master Taft. Carson Taylor. Rev. Henry Top
ping. K. Tosawa, L. A. Thurston, Ensign K.
A. WVichert (United States navy), L. R. Wil
frer Mrs. C. A. Wlllard and child, Miss M.
E. Williams, D. L. Withington, S. Yoshida,
Dr. K. Yamada.
L. R. Wilfrey, Attorney General of
the Philippine Islands, who was a pas
senger on the liner, is going to Wash
ington to pecure two amendments to
the Philippine constitution.- One of
these is the right of trial by jury and
the other a law granting future im
munity from punishment for the same
offense to accused persons whose life
has been once in jeopardy.
K. Toswa, local manager of the Yo
kohama Specie Bank, returned on tilt.-
Korea. Another Japanese passenger
was K. Sugawa, who will represent
commercial Yokohama at the St. Louis
Exposition. Carson Taylor and H. I.
Kendall, who will have charge of the
Philippine exhibit at the fair, also
crossed the Pacific on the big liner.
The Korea's passengers included the
following named:
Lieutenant Commander E. A. Ander
son, Dr. J. R. Bristen and Ensigns H.
Ellison and E. A. Weishert of the navy
returned on the Korea and are going
to Washington. v
The Pacific Mall Company's bigr liner
Korea, Captain Seabury, carrie into
port early yesterday morning from the
Orient with 5S7 Passengers and 6454
tons of cargo. The Korea's freight in
cluded a shipment of raw silk, valued
at nearly $500,000. In her treasure
room she brought the largest consign
ent of Chinese gold yen ever carried
across the Pacific. The value of this
treasure shipment' was. $1,65S,125.
The Korea's passengers included
many prominent people. W. Kirkpat
rick Price, who returned on the liner,
is secretary of the, American China
Development -Company, which is en
gaged in building a railroad from Can
ton to Hankow. He went out to at
tend the opening of the road to Fat
shan, in' -the Sam Shui Dominion, and
is returning to New York. This rail
road, when completed, will mean much
for the development of Southern
China. The preliminary work of se
curing rights of way occupied many
months, but has been settled satis
factorily, and about one-tenth of the
road has been completed.
J. S. McCoy and "W. P. Armstrong,
who were passengers on the Korea,
are commissioners who were sent out
by the United States Treasury De
partment to investigate the Chinese
indemnity claims. They declined to
discuss their mission, a report on
which they are taking to Washington.
3444 lbs susrar, 1124 lbs peas, 046 lbs beans,
1059 lbs garbanzos, 2374 lbs lentils, 8 cs canned
goods, «> crts garlic, 20 pkg3 potatoes, 100 cs
soap, H5 pkjrs paints.
To New York— 44,810 eals wine, 83,620 lbs
beans. 13, £S>O lba dry hides, 115 bales Junk,
20 sks horns, 401,045 lbs pig lead, 185" flasks
quicksilver.
The. steamer also carried 130 cs canned sal
mon, valued at v *W0, for Trinidad Island; 70
cs canned salmon, valued at $275, lor Ja
maica; 2 pes mining machinery, valued at $50,
for Peru; 'M es canned fruit, valued at -5150,
for Enslnpd. and a shipment of treasure con
sisting of ?4&0 In gold coin for La Unibn,
Salvador.
MANAGER TARES PRISONER
Employe on a Ranch in Tehama
County Arrested for Firing
Bullets Into Another Man
•Pacific JWail Company's Big Liner Arrives* From the
Orient With Nearly 400 Passengers, Including
Many People of Note Here and in Far East
LETTERS CAUSE
THE TRAGEDY
KOREA BRINGS MUCH RAW SILK
AND $1,658,125 IN CHINESE YEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- SUNDAY,- JANUARY 24. 1904.
SUNDAY. JANUARY 24,
41
BATLWAY TSAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave »ud are dne to »rrW» at
SA^i KBAN'CISCO.
(M»In Line, ypot of Market 3 tret.)
1.1ATI — KKOM DlClM»»» ». HOT, — iMITl"
'7.00a VMaTllle. Wlnteri. Ram*ey.. 7.S&F
7410a Bentcl*,SaUan.Elmlr»andSa«ra>
mento « 7.25*
7.30a Vallojo. Xnp*. Caltotoga. SanU
Rosa. M»r:lnez, San Iismon 8.25'
7.30a if lies. Ltrermore, Tr»cy, L»taroi>.
Stockton 7.2a*
8-OOa Shut* ExpreM— (Via •Dtrls).
WlUUni (for BArtlett Springs),
Willows, trrato. Iteil Bluff.
Portland, Tacoina, Seattle 7.55r
8.00a 0«TU.Woodl»ad.Ka!ghtt Landing.
M»rysTtlle. Oroflllo IS&r
8.33a Port Costa, Martinez. Aattoeh.
Byron, Tracr. Stockton. Kew-
man, l>os Bano s. M e n d o t a.
Armona. Ilmrord. Visa I la.
Forterrllle 4J8»
UO* Port Coita. Martinet. Tracy, Lattf
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
Goihen Junction. Hanford,
Vltalla. BikersQeld 4.5V
8.30a Xiies. San .tote. Lhrermore. Stock-
ton, (tMtlton). lono, Sacramento,
Plaeenrllle, MaryiTllle. Chlco.
BedBlnff 423»
B30 a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 8o-
aor*. Tuolumac and Angels 425?
900a Atlantic Bxpres»— Osden*nd Em*. 11.25a
8.30a Richmond. Martines and Way
Stations 8-55P
IB 00a Tbe Overland Llmlteri — Ogdea.
Denver. Omabo, CUtcnga 829r
1000a Vallejo.. 12.25*
1000a Lot Aofreles Pasten^er — Port
Coita, Martinez. Byron, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
1 Raymond. Fre»no. Goshen June-
tioa. Hanford, Lemoore, VUalla.
BAkertaeid. Los Angeles 7.23^
11.00X Haywand. Klle» and Way SuUont. 5-25P
t'OQp 8acraroento Rlrer Summers tii.00?
IJOr Beolclm Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Kntgatt Landing.
MarytTlUe. OroTlll* and way
stations tQ'??*
IJiOr Dayward. Nlles and Way Buttons.. 7-5S»
ZSOr Port Costa. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way Stv
tlon n beyond Port Costa 12.25*
5.30* Mcrilne*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt... 10.25*
4.00P Martlnes.Sanltannon.Vallejo.Nap*,
Callttoca, 9ant»TP.o«» 9 25k
4.00p Nile*. Tracy. Stockton. LodI 4.2Sr
4.30r Bayward. Kile*. IrTlnston. Saal tS.SSa
' Joae. LtTermoro I II 1.55a
600r Tna Owl Limited— S«ra»n, Los
' Banos. Mendota. Freano. Tatar*.
Bakers fl eld. Loi Aoce!ea.
Golden State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Lot Angela*, for Chi-
cago, rta C. B. I. * P 853*
BCOr PortCoatA. Tracy. Stockton 12-25?
t5.30r Haywanl, "Sllea anrt Sun Jo«« ..... 7.25a
6 00r Hay wnrd. NMes and San Jpaa 9-SS*
t&Qr Eastern Express — O?den. DeoTer. ¦ -
Omaba, St. Louis. Cblcaco sad
Eatt. Port Costa, Benlclm. Sal-
¦an. Elntra, Darts. 3»nratnento.
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfax.
Trnekee. Boca, Reno. Wada-
worth, Wlnnemacca ............. 8-28*
S.OOr Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... f 7 KK -
74)0> Vanejo, Sunday only f *- oar
7-OOr Klchmon J. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinet and Way Station* 11.25*
tXBr Oregoo A California Bxpreis— Sas>
nunento, MarysvlUe, Reddine,
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8-55 a
9.10P Hay ward. Nllea and San Joaa (3on-
dayonly) 11-55 »
COAST LINE (.larrew U»mf).
(Toot ot Market 8treet->
•¦15a Newark. Centerrllle. Saa Joae,
Frlton. Boaloer Creek, SanU
Crni and Way Button* 541*
t2.15r Newark, Centerrtlle, San Joia,
New Alraaden. Los O»to*. Teliotu
Bon UI rr Crfsek. Santa Crui and
Principal War Stations ......... tI053A
4.15P Newark. 8an Jose, LosGatoa and I t8.55 »
i - __ way«tatton» j:10 55a
aBZOr Eantert Train, Stturday only, Saa
Jose and Way 3t.u!on«. Return-
i*K from Los Gatoa Sanday only. J7 25 r
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From 8AM fllAi, CISCO. Foot of M*riet St. (3U»»>
-r.:15 »:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3-00 515 rn.
From OAKLAND, * oo« of Broadway — t«:IW »:«
t»:06 MhOa a.m. 12.00 2X0 4410 r.».
COAST LINE (»ro.rt ttjinfe).
tr ( f nird and Tovrnacnd Street*.)
T 8.10a fan Jone and Way SUtiom S-3O
700a San Jote aad Way StaUona 83Sp
8.00a New Almaden ( Tues., Frld.. <mfy>. 4-lUi"
• 00* Tbe Coaster— Stop* only San Jose.
Gllroy (connection for BotHa-
ter). Pmjaro. CastroTtlla (coo-
section to and from Monterey
•a<n*»ctfle Orore), S.iHots. 8u
Ardo, Pa«o Robles. SanU Mar-
garita, San-Lnli Oblipo, principal
station* thence Surf (eonnectlo*
for Lompoc). principal stationi
thence. Santa Barbara.! 9 *n Bnena>
Tentnra, Saanus. Lo« An<eles... 18-4BV
9.00a San Joae. Trea Plaoa. Capltola,
SuntaCrui.PoeiacttroTC.Sallnad,
San Lni* Obl»po and Principal
Way Stations 4.10V
10.30i fan Joie and Way Stations.. 1.20?
1130a Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatoa , _„
and Way Stations l-Zu*
1-ZOr Baa Jo»» and Way SUttona 8.58a
••liOr Del Monte Rxprca*— Santa Clara.
8aa Joae. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa>
Clan for Hsdu Craz. Boulder
Creeii an d Narrow O.tage Points)
«t Gllroy for tlollister. Tres
Plflon. at CastmTllle for 3allna». 12. 15*
S-SOp Trea Plnos Way Patienser .. M 10.45a
4 -30p San Jose and Way Stations........ tft-OOA-
tS OOP Ban Joafe. (t1» Santa Clara) Loa
Gaton, and Principal Way St*.
ttona (except Sunday! TS-OOa
{630p San Jose aaUPrlnclpn: Way St.itloai {3 40a
S.Wp Svatet Limited.— V.el wood. 9m
' ~/ Jote, Gttroy,Paift5as,P*»o Robles,
San Luis Obitpo. Sin u Barbara,
Lot Anjtclrn. Demlnr. Et Paso.
New Orleaa*. New York. Con- *
D«ct* at Pa]aro for Santa Cm*
and at CAatrtrrtn* for Paclfla
GroToaad Way Stations 7.19*
tf.16> SanMateo.Beresford.U<>lmont,8aa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. PatoAlto t84iA
8?0p S«n Jose and Way Stations. 8-38*
8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10-1S*
il.JOP South Snn Francisco. MUlbrae.Bor-- . •.-.^.
lln«»me. flan Mateo. Belmont,
S»n Carte*. Hedwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and l*»i« Alto 94S'
«11.50p Mayfleld. Mountain Thrw. Sanny-
* Ttle. Lawrence. Santa (Harm and
B*aJo»e r t9-4S|
A forMominir. p for Afternoon.
ISunday excepted. t Sandsy <mly.
m Biturday only.
- | Stopa at an stattoas on Snaday.
I* "Only tralai ttopptn* at Valencia St. son t hbotias
»re6:lf»A.*^7:O)A.M^ 11:30 a.M, 3:3Or.H.. S:30j>.m.sj»
1:00 r.m.
jadfiBbtSn MEKAHDWOME*.
<^»KjrWBsi^*W»] Use EU O for nnnatorai
J&X&Tl* t to * d»r*Ntl dischar*M,inflamm»U0BS.
MEkS OumtMd Vi irritations or nlcarationa
E-**(f mi it ittloiin. " of mucous neobniM,
grril rwt»i» Co«u^«». PainlMi, and not astrJu«
a?^THE£MMSCKEMailCa. gsnt or roi«onon».
feaaOl!l3«WATI.S.g^|2 ScJd by Ds-acTliU,
US. 4. v2a^or tent ln pUla wr*pp«r.
dtnrPl h * 'xpreas. prepaid, tat
TC%&£&57?&riF& $1.00. or 3 bottle* $2.T».
"¦ V circular Mat «a ««a«rt.
O. /?. & N* CO.
f-^rvicc inst-ad of th" Columbia. Georce w
-rider Mils Jan. tiX Feb. 2. 12 22. •^ ?.
14 and 24. Only Ftt^mrhip line to wki-
LAND, OR., and fhort rail line from Portland
io all point. Kast. Through ticket, to Ml
t^'r.ts. j-11 rail or etesm^iip and rail, at lAJn ¦
EST UATKS. Steamer tickets include berth
*-d meal*. Steamer pall* foot of Fpear st. at
¦A «. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. A*t- Paw. Dept.,
1 Montgomery ri.: C. CLIFFORD. G«3. Agt.
*~:-«-il£lit I>rpt.. 3 Mcntgomery gt.
CCMPAGSIE GESESiLl TRAN3ftTLi.Kri335.
DXBSCZ LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -/¦-••»
hailing every Thursday instead of
f-'.aturiJay, at JO s.. m.. from Pier 42, -"~'* r *-
No:tb Jiiver loot oi Morton street.
Kirst class to ITavre. $70 and upward. Fec-
nnd olass to llav-r*-. $4j ani upward. GEN-
r.HAL. AGENCY FOH UN1TKD STATES AND
Z'i Kroaoway (Hudson Building).
.!".>«¦ York. J. P. FLC.AZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Aprnta 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tirkr's sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
aiare ZslanA a.s.0. Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer OEX. FJtISBIi: or SIOXTICELIX) —
P:«5 a. m.. ."J:1S and K:SO p. m.. except Sunday.
fcunday, 'J:45 a. m.. H:Z9 p. m. Leave Vallejo. j
7 a. m.. J2:.'J0 ar.d C p. ro.. ex. Sunday. Sun- '
fiay. 7 a. m.. 4 :15 p. rn. Fare. 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1S0S. rier 2. Mission-et. dock. HATCH
OCEAN TBAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,"
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.) _
Steamer* will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan f-treets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (lllogo), Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong r.'ith steamers for India, <-tc. No cargo
received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Monday January 26, 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
ratex. For freijrht and pasaage apply at Com-
pany'« office. 421 Market utreet, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
A#»a&5lfflfatC CT Fit * nnri> ' «* no*, «r»
oceaiucs.sxo.
fi 8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Jan. 30, 11 a.M
B. S. MAKIFOSA, for Tahiti. Feb. 11, 11 a. m."
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Feb. 11. 2 p. m.
•tf.JPEECKlStBE05.CO.,AES..Tfc!rtOfr«.C43Eirttfa
Jl#KS*lttteirfS!*Fkrfa.7.fts&tt.
# Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
Kor Ketchikan. Wrangel.
Juncau. Haines, Skaguay,
«»tc., Alaska.— 11 a. m. Jan.
•JG. 31, Feb. 5. Oiangre to
company's steamers at Se-
41 Tor Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townwnd. Seattle. Ta-
coma Everett. Whatcom— 11 a. m. Jan. 26. 31.
Vrb '5 Change at Seattle to this company's
rtramere Sot Aiaska and G. N. lly.: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. ttf.i at Vancouver to C
For^ Eureka (Humbfildt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m. Jan. 23, 8». Feb. 4; Coror.a, 1:30 p. m.
Jan. 2«S, Feb. 1. , ,
For Los Angelas (via Port Los Angeles and
HMondo), Han Diego and Santa Barbara—
Kiinta Rosa. Pundaye. 9 a. m.
Stat* o? Ca.lifornia. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
Kor Los Angeles <via San Pedro and Ea«t
San Pedro) Fanta liarbara. Santa. Cruz. Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucoe. 1'ort Ilarford <San
Luis Obi spo) Ventura and Hueneme:
• roos Bay. 9 •• m.. Jan. ifi Feb. 5.
* Ilonita 9 a. tn., Jan. 2*. Fob. 1.
For KnEenada, Magdalena Bay, Kan Jose -lei
* r---,c- Martian. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
- **£*. Guayir-as (Hex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
175 For "further Information obta'n folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or eall-
U OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
, r y f . r( . ft (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
•lSina'Jway wharves.
FrPl-hl ante*. 10 Market street.
C L» DOCA2IXI General Passenger Ajrent,
. . 10 Market 'street. San Francisco.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at J)::JO a. m., tlirongrh la 3 days,
with diner and all trappings.
Other Santa re Trains: . "
7:30a. m.l for stoc j{ton. Fresno, Balcersfleld.
9:.{«a. m. } Meree0 Hanford and Vlsalla.
S:0O p. m. J
4:C0 •'. m.* for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICE— 641 Market St., and
Ferry Depot, S. X*. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South Tint
St., San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANGIiiO AHu HUrtTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COKPAXTT.
Tibnron Terry, Foot of Market Street.
! SAN TSAZrCXSCO TO SAW BAPAEL.
I WEKK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6.30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and ll:S0 p. m.
; SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. in.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 0:20. 11:30 p. m.
' SAW RAFAEL 70 SAW rSAWCISCO.
WKEK DAYS— C:06. 7:35. 7:50, 0:20, 11:13
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. C:00. 5:20 p. m. ..
SatunJays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:S5 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55, 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
l>ave } In Kffect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. |San Francisco.
Wceli [ Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- I "Week
Days. I days. | tlon. J.^**' 8 ' ' ' D *y n '
7:30 a! S:CflTaj ~ » :Y«Tai~8 :40 a
I 0:30 a Isnacio. 10:40 a 1 10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p • 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p| 5:00 p 7:35 p|
*7:30a 9:10"a 8:40a
8:00 a Nova to. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 0:30 a. Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p! 3:30 pi and 7:33 p
I 5 \00 p] Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10.:20 a
S:0O a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
' S:30p 3:30 p
Windsor,
7:30 a S:00a Healdsburgr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
1 3:30 p 3:30 p GeyservUle. 7:33 p 6:20 p
I Cloverdale.
7:30 aj 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 aH0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p[ and Uklah | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7 :30a| 8:00 a| WtlUts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p| Guernevllle. j 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:.".Oal S:COal Sonoma J~9:10"anB:40a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen EHlen. I 6:05 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
_3:3Op|j5:3O_pi Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green~Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Spring*; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
s«TViII« for HknKsrs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
rort and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy
Spring*. Saratoga Spring*. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Spring*. Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lieriy'a.
Eucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. HullviHe, Orr's
Hot Sprincs, Hallway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal; ot Willita for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
ville, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. 01-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka. <
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street, Chronicle
bulldin;.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
jp||piiii||i|pi| TO SAN RAFAEL,
l£raffiU|| ROSS VALLEY,
\£§EI§M™ MILL VALLEY,
I1I1M1I11 CAZADER0 ' Etc
(JJifftffilBfiSiHbfswlH'Jjifu via £»a>nsa-llto 76rry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally— 7:00, 8:C0,
0:00 10:00. 11:00 a. m., 12:20. 1:43. 3:13, 4:15.
5-15 0:16 7:00. S:45. 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:33. 8:33, 11:05 a^
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:53, 3:43. 4:45. 3:45, »:45,
S:45, 10:20 p. m. ¦
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 3:45, ti:55. 7:52. 8:55. »:55.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15, 4:05, 0:05, 6:0ft.
7:05. 9:00. 10:33 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. daily — -Cazadero and way stations.
B:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomates and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. *
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reye« and
way .stationi.
TICKET OFFICE— €26 Market it.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Ti» Siwiita larj Arrive
SaaFlrmncbco hot «f KirkM >. San Fraacbca
Week Sun- -JKStt^ Suo- Week*
Days- <iay< days Days.
•H*)i*87ooX /raSffia 1 *: oft r folia
*l:45r 9:OOa JaBBB }W l:SSr %:&Or
— 11:OOa 4:fiOr ttivi
.,,„,., l:45p 5:fi0p ,, IMi
mat i 628 MxitKXT Sr^(North Sber* RaibtswD
MRSS I and Sacsauto K«»y, Foot Mark*t St.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
10:40 a 10:20 a
7:33 p 6:20 p
10:40 a lft:20a
T:35p 0:20 p
9:10a 8:40a
10:40 a 10:20 a
6:05 p 6:20 p
7:33 p
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
io©©oeooo©o3©ooo©©ooo0O©ocsoooecaooeoaooooo
Dry Goods ,"^^^^p Company \
HOUSEKEEPING DEPt. 1 1
This week we will offer as a special in- J
ducement to housekeepers, rooming houses j
and hotels, a limited number of special val- ;
ues, to be immediately cleared out. , ]
Three-Quarter Blankets $3.75 j
Full Size Blankets $5.00 ;
Eiderdown Comforters $5.00 j
Last Week of Linen Sale !
Offering the opportunity to acquire a great deal j
'St for a little money. !
Manufacturers' Samples of Table Cloths and Napkins.
Manufacturers' Samples of Tray Cloths and Runners.
Manufacturers' Samples of Plain and Embroidered Towels.
Less Than Imported Cost. :
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, ;
Geary and Stockton Street*, Union Squaw- *
EnEnaCKEEDEEnBBBBBEnaEHHSEaEEZSEEZEHBHEBBBHBigaS
.| A View of the Great St. Lonis Exposition From Your Armchair i
J I ... ST. LOUIS ... I I
g L — ' 3
I World's Fair Portfolio Series I
Q g
I IN BEAUTIFUL' COLORS I
s : ' i
I PRESERVE THIS SERIES TO BE BOUND IN PORTFOLIO FORM g
a __^_ b
fl ===== B
Bi 13
2 Greater San Francisco's Greatest Daily scores CS
5j again with an entirely new Sunday fcatnre. HI
£* Uy an cxclnsivc arran^nient, secured at an enor* §
* q tnous cost. THE SUNDAY CAUL will be the first to g
S issue tlie WORLD'S FAIR OFFICIAIi ART SERIES. jgj
Q reproductions In color of the grounds and buildings B
• B of the Louisiana Purchase exposition. Q
a n
D - P^_ , - m
gp ¦ . -^ ~^i
1 •¦ s
¦at /\ 4 -s
S : ..:, . . - Ml —t l ! &
n * ¦¦¦¦'¦' .¦¦*&* i<iik * y^--.: ;.. • T>jw' 1 ' 1 "^.- ' 1^**4 - x ~ ' " s '
B 5L\CIUXERY HALL. n
g , : §
5 1 — r a
g THE FIRST OF THIS SERIES WILL BE ISSUED g
I SUNDAY, JANUARY 31st |
a — ' 1 — I g
.q The original of that Sunday's Art Supplement Is S?
tT: tlic first arUstic reproduction showinc the architec- g|
H tural beauty of the Ivory City, and is selected as on© jg
Q «f the J>cst of the many views submitted. It being the H
\i object to combine in a limited series the most import- E3
» nnt and interesting features or the St. Louis World** SS
a I a!r. g
D Tlie Palace of Machinery, representing power. E9
;- force, in reality the pivot on which this Immense ex- O
£¦ hihition revolves. Is the inaugural issue of what will §
doubtless prove the most interesting series that was £
• a - ever given free by a publication. gj
¦; The main entrance to this building shows a triple O
2 nreadc. with large pavilion in the center. The north H
: j front, which is thirteen hundred feet in length, has an §?
q p.rcade of nine arches as a center feature. «
Q Following the classical in nrchltcctnral effect, B
' r i tliere are found several beautiful examples of the Ital- H
y • Ian and Spanish Renaissance styles. The brilliancy of
a color, the realistic scene, with the moving crowds of S
a Fightseers. give and animation to the picture. pj
B Xothing is so universally attractive as power. Men. °>
,- nnimals and natnre are most fascinated when, by B
q its exercise, they demonstrate possession of extraor- B
g tlinary power. Admiration for miglit and the desire «F
a <« see it in evidence, to feel it and sense it, to remem- if
; ••; b<*r it and to tell of it, are Instinctive factors with 9
. • men. women and children. This is the keynote to the H
g collection and arrangement of the exhibits In the Ma- "*
g. clifnery Department — Power. Here are shown the S
Ej • methods and means for creating every variety of ma- ra
H eliinery for the generation, transmission and use of
rl power. q
[^ Forty thousand horses harnessed together and m
H pulling with one mighty concentrated effort convey ra^
Q| . the Idea of the total power which makes the wheeH B
IS of this World's Fair ro round. Tlie engines, eon- H
g donsers, pumps, movine machinery and accessories H
£ making up the power plant, which is the largest ever B
"~~ f-hown at an exhibit, are installed on the main floor *B
¦3 of Machinery Iiall and occupy the entire westerly half H
'- • of that building — an area of something over 200.000 SJ
5 square feet, or about the sizo of -an ordinary city B
« block. B
n * There will doubtless be an unprecedented demand n
P5 , for this SERIES. Nearly every one will want to pre- r-
E " eervc them to be bound in PORTFOLIO FORM. Q
Si Make certain of your getting the full set by giving £3
B an advance order. " m
| • • B
I I THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL I 1
g GREATER SAN FRANCISCO'S GREATEST PAPER 3
a J ¦ I b
Q • ALL TRAI.V NEWSBOYS AND ALL NEWS Q
m DEALERS SELL THE CALL. rs
tSBCBEBESBESBaBBHHBBBBsiHBBBHHaBBaBBBaLgBBBHBHEaaaTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY , 24, 1904.
42
(THE j§f CALL
JO HIT P. SPSICIELS. Proprietor.
amiss ccmiiiK^i8Kg^AUSHT,iaM5f
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator WUl Con-
nect You With the Department You Wisn.
ruWIcatloo Office Market and Third. 8. T.
Editorial Roocn 217 to 221 Stevenson »C
DeHrered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per n
Cta Ptr Mocth. Single Copies SCents^
T*nn« by Mail. Including Postage tCaan witn
Order) : MM
DATLT CALL rinclud. Bunday). 1 year.. $8.00 J
DAILT CALL Onclud. Sunday). « n»o«.. 4.00 .
DAILY CALL— By Single Month •»«
SUNDAY CALL 1 Year ,2;
WEEKLY CaLU 1 Year iJL' 00
vrsrnrv pally.. $5.80 Per Tear E*tr»
FO??ir£ -^undey* 415 Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. LW«*kly. 1.00 Per Year Extra j
ALL POSTMASTERS ARH A £SS2 W * EX> '
TO RECEIVE eUPSCRIPTIONS.
Bamr-le Copies will be forwarded when re- 1
quested. j
If all »tir»criber» Jn ordering change of aa- 1
<reae »hocl4 be particular to give both NEW |
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a ,
prompt and correct compliance with their re- (
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
HIS Broadway Telephone Kaln 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
tl« Center Street Telephone North T7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT. 1
i MORTON E. CRANE.... 1406 G Street. N. W.
XEW YORK NEWS STANDS: i
*TaMor»-A«teria Hotel; A. Bretano, 81 j
Union 8r_&T-e; Murray Hill Hotel; Ftfth-ave-
Eue Hot*! aad HoSman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANTJS:
FberrruLn House- P O. N'rvi Cot; Great
Northern Hotel: Treniont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE: !
C GEORGE KROO,VESS..Manjuette Building
<L«Rg Distance Telephone. 'Central 2619.") ;
NEW TOP.K REPRESENTATIVE]:
• 1LHHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building ,
NEW YORK CORRESPONTJENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco j
Call, corner Market and Third street*; opea
until 12 o'clock eretr night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES;
100(1 Market street, opposite Fifth; opea until
II P. m. I
827 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open ua-
tU $>:S0 p. rn.
*r*> Hare* street; open ur.tll 9:33 p. m.
*B5t McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
ClJs Larkln etreet; open until 9:30 p. m. !
1M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22*51 Market, etreet. corner Sixteenth; opes un-
til !> p. rn.
30*5 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
¦1096 Valencia street; rpen unt'l 9 p. in.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. tn.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuck utreets; open until 8 p. m.
SJOQ r*l!l7TK>re street; open until 8 p. tn.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
VON RHEIX REAL ESTATE COMPANT.
Ci:S CALIFORNIA ST.
SEW "WESTERN" ADDITION FLATS.
ICrt.OOO^ — A comer on GoURh St.. in PaciSc
HeiR-hts district: 6 new flats renting for 1
$202 50 per month. '.
SUTTER-?T. APARTMENT SITE.
$26,000—35x120; Putter rt.. near Larkin. run- ]
n;ng through to Fern ave.; in the best retail !
locality of the We-tern Addition; $100,000
«r«rtment-bouFe in course of construction ad-
joining.
YALL.EJO-ST. FLATS.
$l,VOO0— 27:8U.;7:G, Vallejo st., ne^r Leav- !
•O worth: 5 new flats, renting for $1«O per mo. j
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
S12.SOO — 25xK6:ll: Devisadero St.. nr. Turk; I
3 n»w flats-, renting for $10") per month. |
NKW FILLMORE-ST. n.ATS.
• MnOO— Four new bay-window flats of 4 rooms ;
• Pd bath each, rfntlnc for $S5.
COR. liTir AVF.. AND LAKE ST.
iT.V»O— "2xJC7:C: NE. cor. Ilth ave. and Lake
•t., corning: f3?h:onable section of the city.
VALLEJO-ST. CORNER.
$T5O0— NW. cor of Vallejo and PolU.-d: Im- •
proverr.ents consist of flats renting for $63 per !
month.
DNIOX-ST. BUILDING LOT.
S52fO — 41 :«,xl2i: I'nion *t., near Van Ness
• venue. :
PDCK-ST. INVESTMENT.
$5000— 2;xi27:6 to rear str?et; Pine St., '
»*ar Webster, front and rear houses.
GItEEX-ST. HUILDING LOT. ;
$W»O— 51:€il37:<;; Green, east of Octavia.
MISSION HOME.
$*r>0O— 30x122 :«; Capp st.. near Eighteenth;
C-s'-ory bay-window residence of 7 rooms and i
bath, renting for i"£ per month.
LARGE nSTEBEST-PATXXQ INVESTMENT. [
$3500 — S2 ft. on Church alley, near Broad- i
way; impiovf^fiiif cons;Ft or stable and flats
renting f«r $«i^4 j*>r annum.
MARIPOSA-ST. HOUSE.
Tx:o houses of C rooms ar.<J bath each on
Usripofa St.. r.egr Bryant; renting for $."0 per
month: street accert^: no reasonable oflfer
will be refused.
CHEAP ASKBfRY HEIGHTS LOTS.
$ltJS© each — 25xi:{7:'J; an unsurpassed line of
Jots on either Olayton or Carl st». ; only a few
more left in thi? block.
,
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK ZOTS.
$600 TO $1200: VERY KASY .TERMS.
Whr *° *° tcxziy buy our Oceaz»>lde lots? |
Because no others there compare with them. ,
Th*y have unobstructed ocean aad park view. 1
They are on "Orflcial Grade"; ready for ;
building. 1
Ererj lot i» a bargain. See them to-day.
Get off cars cor. 47th ave. and H st.
$60 to $2£0; near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
• *<Oe«anside" branch office, cor. 49th are. and |
K. su Ozxn Eundaya ani holidays. ;
fSOfttoSlOOO — Unexcelled Sunwt district lot*- !
graded and eewered; $10 monthly. j
funaet branch office on Sth ave., near H a- !
$1SO TO $350: DON'T MIPS THIS.
New lota in the Excelsior Homestead.
Perfectly level; choicest location of a2L
Near l£isslon-«t. cars. $3 monthly.
$1200 to $3500; modem cottaret and houses
la f. unset. Richmond. Oceanrlde and Excel -
s!or Homestead.
ALL BARGAIN'S; EAST TERMS.
SOX*. GET5R & SON. Owners and Dealera.
Room 14. 4th floor. ChionUle bidcr.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. ~~~~~
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
$24. OOO — R*nt Hfi.'.O per annum: very sunny
. Western Addition comer: 3 elegant bay-
window flat*; 27:6x100; nrsr the park
$23,000— Rent $1680 t>er annum; Post St., In-
side of i-irk'n St.; improvements' and
lot CO feet front.
$21.000 — 9th «t . clone to Mi**;on: lot and Jm-
proietnentB 40 ft. front; a rpl«-ndld buy
«l«,000 — Valencia, near ICth; imr>rovem>-ms or
nominal value: a erriendld lot to im-
prove; CO ft. frcnt; a bargain.
$13,&00 — Folsom-st. burinrss property; 2 front-
age?; rented my low at $ia - t2 pe r an-
num; Worrs and flats; 37:6x00.
$3,50f» — Rent $1<!SO i*>r annum; Buchanan «;t •
i* , 3 nearty new flat.- of C-.'.-S ron m » and
bath each; Jarse lot. i
For further particulars of the abcie and fcr
the Real Eua.ie Record, containing a 1'st of
properties for sale in ell parts of the city in-
quire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montromery «r**t.
Heal Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DnPIRADLE, sunny, buildinr lots; clcae to
Duboce Park; bitumlntzed srtreets; lots level
ar*d ready to build on; a rare chance to ob-
tain a holding; admirably Eituated and jiusi
•o the city; at a very reasonable |>rice; dla-
ETRi.-.. rirlce and all further particulars at
our office.
G. II. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery i-treet.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
TWO fine level lots, ready to build en; Porter
•I., 70 feet below Crescent ave.. about two
hlo<-ks from Mission ct. cars. Apply Xo. 13
Porter st.
FOH tale — Western Addition, corner lot; 2-
5tory building, store and flats; no agents.
Box 837. Call offlce-
NOE-ST. cotlase fcr $7250: between 17th and
' ISUi: lot 25x110; ti rooms, bath, hlffh "base-
ment, barn: owner must- veil; make oJTer.
G. A. EERTON, 323 Montgomery st. ,
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOB *ALB.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
RANY. 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVEI? FI'.OM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HA YWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL. ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
k BY THOROUGH SYSTEM AND ORGANI-
ZATION the CAL. TITLE INSURANCE AND
TRUST COMPANY has as many advantages
over the old-fashioned title examlners^ — eacn
working alone and without co-operation — »s
the great shoe factories at Lynn have over tne
cobbler of the olden time.
THE CAL. TITLE INSURANCE A£g
TRUST COMPANY UNDER ITS CHARTER
and deposit of $100,000 as a trust company with
the State Treasurer is authorized by law to
act in any trust capacity. Where acting
jointly with individuals it renders srreat as-
sistance by obtaining Investments and giving
clerical aid In the matter of accounts.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a comolete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles !ike modern plants of New York. Boston.
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
regular trust company business transacted
under State charter: all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP,
Vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Of Balfour. Guthrte & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
Prealdent California Optical Co.
P. N. L1LIENTHAL. m
Manager Anglo-CalifornUn Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
. Olncy & Olney. Atty'a and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Page. McCutchen * Knight. Atty's.
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mcr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist, 530 California st.
FOR sale cheap, neat cottace; 4 rooms and
bath: large basement; terms same as rent.
Apply owner lumber yard southeast corner
Alabama and Montcelm sts.
CHEAP lots. Twenty-second and Douglas sts.,
25x125: $50 down, balance same as rent; near
new echoolhouse. EASTON & ELDRIDGE.
$750 — COTTAGE": 4 rooms; near Mission. For
snaps in Mission rroperty. call on MISSION
REALTY CO.. 2 Twenty-ninth st.
GOOD cottage cf four rooms, high basement:
116 Eugenia st.. near Mission; lot 25x70; no
reasonable offer refused.
CHEAPEST and best tn America— The Weekly
Call. 1« pages, «nt to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
CHATFIELD A VINZENT.
$10 p«r acre— 500O acres perfectly level, sandy
loam aoil; suitably for alfalfa, grain or stock;
all under a complete irrigation system; well
fenced and good buildings; must be sold.
$8 per acre— 8200 acres on line of railroad
north of San Francisco: all fenced; common
buildings; 2000 acres plow land, balance rolling
and plenty of flne oak timber and water; terms
easy.
$17 50 per acre — 9000 acres all No. 1 land
for grain, hay and about 300 acres suitable for
alfalfa: fronts J> miles on Sacramento River
and runs back to railroad: cne-half cash, bal-
ance 5 per cent per annum.
S12.6C0 — 126 acres very choice river bottom
land; near good town: Sacramento River;
hou^e; 2 Urge bams; now rented for $12 60 per
acre.
6000 acres choice San Joaquln River bottom
land; thoroughly leveed: flne Improvements;
1000 acres choice rye grass; balance rents from
$12 50 to J2O per acre; sale price $10O per acre:
no such land ever offered before less than $250
per acre; see this at once.
$12.S0O— 1280 acres land, 4 miles from town
and good market: 700 acres level; all well
fenced and cross-fenced: 2 good houses: flne
barns; water piped from springs throughout
buildings: 70 head choice cattle: 2 horses:
complete lot farming implements; household
furniture; personal property valued at $3000;
will sell land without personal property.
$7000—100 acres choice valley land; Napa
County: house. S rooms, hard finished: 2 large
barns, flne windmill and tank: family orchard;
will produce alfalfa, vegetables, hay and grain;
one-half cash, balance to suit.
Grand townsite proposition. 40 rniies from
i San Francisco; large factory in full operation,
' employs over 2C0 men strady; land all sur-
veyed and street laid out; hotel and other
; buildings now built; owner going to St. Louis;
must sell this week; call for particulars.
Estate sale; 200 acres all choice land; Con-
i tra Costa County: adjoining town; finest piece
ever offered: call fcr full particulars at office.
Wanted, small Improved chicken orchard and
home farms for sale; send us what you have
at once.
Several flr.e orchard properties In Santa Clara
County, ranging in price from $35C0 to $20,000;
send .for complete descriptions and locations.
$1SOO— 16 acre?: well located; Marln County;
near Novato; suitable for poultry; will sell in
_iwo parts.
Also several 10-acre tracts on Home and
Farm Company's lands near Black Point, from
*15 10 $23 per acre; easy terms; also 2 finely
located 5-acre tracts fronting on Petaluma
Creek for hunting clubs; one-th!rd cash.
CHATFIELD & VINZENT.
22S Montgomery St., S. F.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE
W. J. WHITE. 2O Montgomery nt., room S.
BY ORDER OF COURT.
$«O0 — To clr.se estate; 1050 acre?. Mendocina
County. 3 mites from town: near steamer land-
ing; 200 acres splendid hay or potato land; tip-
ple orchard; 500 acres more cculd be planted;
oOl) acres heavy redwood timber; balance ex-
cellent pasture; substantial improvements; line
and cross fences.
» ALFALFA LANDS.
• 12S0 acres, fenced and cross-fenced: house;
barn; outbuildings; artesian well that Irrigates
40o acres flne alfalfa; river runs through place;
$4000 rent offered; 5 miles of Anglola; only $30
an acre.
$14.000 — Only f>n» mile from station, schools,
churches, stores; 40 acrea full bearing orchard,
; vineyard and berries; small nursery: alfalfa:
! dark, 'sandy loam; "water for irrigation piped
! all over place: new 8-room house: cement foun-
dation; stable, carriage-house, machinery for
manufacturing olive oil; will subdivide in lots
$1COO up or exchange for bay property of equal
value.
• $2S00 — Close to city: 9 acres full bearing or-
i c*Iiard: 1 acre alfalfa; 5 r. hard finished cottage.
$2500 — ICO acres near boat and cars; nice or-
chard, vineyard; 6-r. home, barn, outbuildings,
span hows, stock, tools, wagons: steady Job.
$5 an acre— 1600 acres, S miles good town;
over COO plow land; xveil watered, wood, rolling
hills and little valleys; pay 20 per cent on In-
vestment: bank foreclosure.
$100O — Adjoining nice town; 240 acres. 30
acr»s level; house, outbuildings; controls 2000-
acre ranse.
S5CO0 — Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 sets good improvement; well fenced;
orchard: 5 hordes; farming tools; outside range.
Attention physicians — Nice home, live coun-
try town, £3 miles of S. F. : 10-room house and
ground;-: practice guaranteed $2500 a year- only
$6500; easy terms.
>"!0O — Thirty-five miles of San FVanclsco-
10 minutes' walk to Courthouse; 21 acres
garden land; half level; brand new colonial
cottage; large barn; horse; tools.
$17,000— Improved ranch; 430 acres; near
Lodl; adjoining land sold by the bank $10 as
acre; would exchange for city property
ALFALFA, LAND.
$10 an acre, COO acres. Anglola. Kings
County.
$1800 — 210 acres. 5 rni!»s of town, 5 acren
bearing orchard, 10 acres bearing grapes 40
acres bottom land: house, barn, packing-house
tools; water piped to buildings and pasture '
SO acres: 15 creek bottom; fruit, grapes
berries, building?; one mile town; tools- Jroc'
Send «tairiD for printed list
W. J. WIIITK. 28 Montgomery st.. room S
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
TO close estate— Country place in center of
Monteclto Valtey, Santa Barbara: nearly 12
acrss; well located; good S-room house sta-
ble, 2 good wells, emit and shade: furnished
cr unfurnished: at le»s than cost. Address
• box 34. Monteclto. Cal. Aaoress
FOR sale — Ranch of 71 acres; good hcu«e and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near S p ,ta
tion Aptos, Santa Cms County, Cal •" price
$5C0O; also other lands for sale. For'partlc
ulars address Postmaster, Moss. Cal.
CATTLE ranch. ICO acres; Alameda Count v
25 acres oats; timber, springs furnished
?^rM^ker^ tOCk;$lS °^ y -6Bp3Sc£i?
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm '
$200 profit per annum per acre
Write for booklet. Ifs free. 603 J «t
WRIGHT & KIMEROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY PROPERTTPS
Orchards, grain, stock, alfalfa and poultry
farms for sale and exchange v 1U7
PETERSEN REALTY CO.. 1035 Market «t.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches orchards'
vineyards : Inspected bargains; monthly cat.
Market"". *' C " M " WOOSTE R CaTe«
ALFALFA our BDecIalty: best alfalfa land at
»20 i>er acre; ditch and ¦ artesian wat-r t
H. JORDAN CO.. 116 Montgomery n.
C 9 UN r£ T Irap show >nK redwood belt mailed
L "'^
" D1US>
REAL. ESTATE— CITY— FOR SA1JB._
EA6T0N. ELDRIDGE & CO., 633 Market at.
AUCTION
AUCTION
v AUCTION
January ifl,'19O4, 12 O'clock Noon
At Our Salesrooms.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
S line of Pine et., 112:6 ft. E. of Taylor; lot
26x137:6 feet: No. 023 Pine, «t.; 2-story and
basement residence.' 12 spacious rooms: nomi-
nal rent of $50; lot adjacent recently sold for
$14,000; exceptional site for apartment house.
McALLISTER-ST. FLATS. '
Nos. 1346-48-50 McAllister St.. W. of Stelner:
lot 27x137 :« ft.; 3 magnificent new flats, 7-8-8
rooms, finished basement an* attic; heavy
beamed ceilings In dining rooms, studded with
numerous fancy incandescent lights; spacious
bathrooms, tiling 4 ft. high around entire
rooms; rents $160 per month.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 2440 Folsom «t., 8. of 20th; extremely
large lot, 60x145 -ft.; improvements, flne resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; substantial atabls
cf 7 stalls, windmill, etc.; rented at nominal
figure; mortgage $4000 can remain.
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 3017 Washington i»t.. W. of, Broderlck:
lot 25x127:8% ft.: elegant 2-story residence, 9
rooms and bath, brick foundation, high base-
ment: mortgage $.3500 can remain.
PROBATE SALE.
Kos. 610-512 Noe st., K. of 18th; 2 elegant
flats rented to first-class tenants at $52 60 per
mo.; «old to close the estate of George F.
Brotchle. deceased: subject to the confirmation
of tne Superior Court.
TEHAMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 259-69% Tehama St.. N.E. of 4th; 26x80
ft.; Improvements, 2 first-class flats of 4 and 6 !
rooms, renting for $35 per month. \
BRODERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT. I
W. line of Broderlck st., 82:0 ft. S. of Eddy: j
lot 27:fixlOO ft.: property positively commands
and .unobstructed marine view overlooking
Golden Gate.
MISSION HOME.
No. 3773 20tb st., E. of Dolores; lot 25x114
ft. ; improvements consist of residence 7 rooms
snd bath and high basement; patent concrete
sidewalk, bituminlzed street; mortgage $2000;
I rented for $l«i per month.
MISSION BUILDING SITE.
W. lire of Fair Oaks St.. 100 ft. R of 25th:
lot 50x115 It.; property so situated that It
commands a. magnificent view; most desirable
tlte for residence cr flats.
NOE-ST. BUILDING LOT.
E. line cf Noe st.. 2S ft. S. of Ford, between
17th and ISth sis.: lot 25x100 ft.; desirable
building site in a delightful part of the Mis-
sion warm belt. '
FOURTEENTH-ST. COP.NER.
S.E. cor. 14th and Natoma Ets.-. lot 25x74 ft.:
Improvements, store and 2 livingTooms and flat
of 5 rooms above; rents t&0: room at rear of
lot to erect two more flats facing Natoma st.
MISSION BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
E. line of San Jose ave., near Guerrero and
2Sthsts.; Nos. 66.1 to C67',i; 2 elegant stores
and 2 fine flats of 5 rooms and porcelain bath
each; new gas fixtures: wooden mantels, etc.:
almost new; lot 36:Sx87:10 ft.; rents $71 per
month.
For further particulars apply
¦EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
[ 638 Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
63S MARKET STREET.
$30,000— City Hall ave.: brick building; busi-
ness property with a great future; rent-
ed now at J1.15 per month, very low.
$25,000 — Polk-st. business investment: 3-story
building, almost new; 2 stores and 4
flats; nresent rents low at $175 per
month, could easily be Increased: lot,
40 ft. frontage; do not fail to investi-
gate.
$12,500— Fell st.: 3 eleeant modern flats of 7-
7-9 rooms and baths; rents $107 50 per
month; lot 25x100 ft.: these flats must
be seen to he appreciated.
$7,e00 — Cole St.. 2 elegant flats, 15-C rooms and
baths: almost new; rented to first-class
tenants at $52 50 p»r month; could be
Increased.
$7,000 — Howard-it, business property: near 6th
et. : improvements old; rented for $45 a
month: lot 25x65 feet.
$6,500— Howard tt.. near 20th; elegant 2-
story residence of 7 room? and bath;
30 it. frontage; houss a beauty.-
$5,000 — Cottage, almost new, 7 rooms, porce-
lain bath, excellent stable; on the N.W.
corner In the best portion of the MIs-
!»iori: building alone cost $C0O0; owners
leaving for Europe.
$4,650— Shipley st.. near 6th: 0 flats of 3
rooms each, renting for $672 per annum;
this should be investigated, as it is one
of the best paying propositions on the
market to-day.
$4.50t> — Leavenworth st., near California:
house of 10 rooms and bath: this is a
positive sacrifice and should be seen
at once.
$3,S0O— Corner on South Broderiek; rn elegant
7-room bay-window residence; street bi-
tuminlzed, concrete sidewalk; lot 2G:3x
SC:3 feet.
$3,500 — Hardy st., near ICth; C-room house In
perfect condition: flue stable In rear
with accommodations for 3 horses;
rented for $25 per month; tenants pay-
ing water bills.
$3,0C0— Natoma st.: 2-story house of S rooms;
rented permanently; lot alone worth
» more money.
$3,000 — Julia st.. near Minna:*2 new flats" of
5 rooms and bath each, porcelain tubs,
enameled sinks, etc.; rents $34 per mo.;
lot 23x5(5 Teet.
$1,500 — P.ulldlng 1-it: commands beautiful
view; Ashbury Heights; a sacrifice.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & COMPANY,
' C38 Market street.
OSCAR HEYMAN.
Real Estate,
14 Post Street.
NEW BARGAINS IN HOMES
AND LOTS, ALL ON EASY TERMB.
1 $1S5O — i rocms and bath on two level lots.
I $2OO0 — 7 rooms, 3 lots, stable and chicken
• houses'.
I ___ _^_
' $2250—4 rooms and bath. No. .151 Day St., near
I Sanchez at. and Twentieth.
[ $3500 — New 6-room and bath. No. 326 Alvarado
«t., near Castro.
i =
j $2250— No. 733 Andover St.. near Mission and
! Crescent ave.
i . zmz
j $1000 — Folsom St.. lot 25x100.
— — —
$950^ — Army street lot, near Guerrero st.
$1000— Richmond lot. near Sixth ave.
fGfin — Richmond lot. near Clement St.
{GOO — Chenery st. lots, all graded and sewered.
$800 — T^ots on Ashbury St., 3 blocks from
Park.
. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
i A. BARGAIN NEAR OCEAN BOULEVARD.
, *450 — For 3 lots, including a corner.
J25 down and $5 monthly: don't miss this
barga g' SCAn hryMAN, 14 Post st.
i ~~~ HAWKS & SKELTON,
I Rents Collected ar.il Entire Charge Taken of
I Property.
j $7000 Residence, Octavla, near Broadway; 7
i rooms and bath; has a view of bay;
I 25xlS7.
I S35OO — Residence, Lombard, near Larkin: 8
: rooms and bath; flne view of bay; 25x137.
$5000— Lot on N. line Clay, near Webster; 33x
127 :S; fine location and size for flats.
$7200 — Marine view lot: Hyde st.. near Chest-
nut; 36:SxllO: very flne view assured;
1 new building en each side of it.
$5000 — Lot on SW. corner l.arkin and Lom-
bard sts.; 25xior>; magnificent marine view
from every window.
$4500— SK. corner larkln and Greenwich; KOx
62:6; elecant view of Golden Gate and
bay.
$3000 — Lot. Franklin St.. near Filbert; 53x160;
I . street $e\rered; make an offer.
i $2000 — Lot, Greenwich St.. between Van Ness
ave. and Franklin st. ; 33x137; street to
be paved soon, which will increase value
greatly.
$2000 — Lot. E. elde De Long; ave., near Wal-
ler; 25xfcO.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery at.
B. OETZ Room 22 Chronicle Bldg.
Owner and Dealer.
New Lots. New Lots.
4Sth are., east line, facing the ocean.
Between K and L sts.
' Greded and fenced; ready to build on.
! On Easy Monthly Payments.
I See them at once. Choice and cheap.
j $60 to $400— Ocean Heights and Boulevard lots.
I $300 to $500— Graded 19th-ave. Boulevard lots.
$350 to $1000— Choice Sunset & Richmond lots.
$75 to $1CO — Level Ocean View lots; city water.
$150 ud— New Excelsior Homestead l^ts.
The finest In the district: city water.
$1000 to $5000 — Modern houses and cottages.
Splendid Bargains on Easy. Terms.
Call at my office, room 22.* second floor,
._¦;>-> ' Chronicle Building.
START THE NEW YEAR ~~"
SAVING $5 PER MONTH
By buying a lot Jn the growing city of Rich-
mond, TPhere are located the Standard Oil
Company. Santa Fe Railroad terminal, the
Southern Pacific R. R. belt warehouses and
manufacturing plants. All level. Streets
graded. Mapa free. .
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
Crocker building, San Francisco.
LOTS in the Mission for $150 each on easy
terms; 2 blocks from cars. D. COFFIN &
CO., 3303 Mltalon st. ;
PARK lots; must be sacrificed; account de-
parture. Box 8S3. Call.
j IlKAL ESTATK CITT — .FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
$10.000— First, near Howard; lot 23:flxl87:«;
splendid site for new bulldlnz: present
old frame Improvements renta for $63
per month.
$16,500 — Washington st., near " Walnut; new
buildings of 2 separate flats; splendid
marine view; rents $150 par month.
$14,000— Howard St., near lit; lot 23x85; store
and 3 floors above; rents $82 60.
$10.000— Corner Pacific and Mason sts.: 2-story
fre.roe- building; store and rooms sbovt;
lot 48x75.
$1,000— Trenont ave.. near Frederick at.; 1
block from Haight-st. ears: new 2-story
residence ct 6 rooms and bath. Just
completed.
$6.800— Clay st.. near Mason: lot 83x5* to rear
street: 2 frame buildings; rtnts $<80 per
annum; subject to approval of Superior
Court.
f • 000 — Osk ct.. rear Cole, facing Golden Gate
Park; new building of 2 flats, containing
1« rooms and 2 baths; rents low at $95
per month; lot 25x137:6.
$17 500 — Washington St.. north line, near Lar-
kln: lanre lot, 45x127; 2 buildings; rent
$112 50.
$6,250— Rents $60: Leavenworth-st. corner;
store and a flat above.
$3,600— Pacific st., near Mason: t flata «f 4
and 5 rooms each; rent '$28.
$5 000— O.stro st.. near 13th; business prop-
erty: store and flat above; rents $37 B0;
lot 25x125.
$1,500— Choice building lots fronting on Fell.
Hayes and Broderick sts.; all level and
ready for building; 25x137:6 each.
CHEAPEST and Choicest Home Building Lots i
on official eradea in Suneet District
SEWERED and MACADAMIZED
between H and I streets
....in blocks frontioe Golden Gate Park....
ELECTRIC CARS PAPS THESE
PROPERTIES
Sold on rour own terms and
monthly Installments
! Price $S23 and upward
Sf n the«« buikling sites and judge for. ...
yourself :
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st
...Branch office, comer H st. and 7th ave...
Open every day. Including Sundays
IC]«o0 — Bargain; cottage of 3 rooms; Isrge lot.
25x120: jr&rden. etc.; flne view; 10th ave.;
Sunset District: near pork and car lini»:
see property to-day. Call at our branch
office for particulars, ccr. 7th ave. and H
st. Open Sunday. BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 25Postst.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
On Clementina st.; 4 flats; rented for $41 per
month; price $4250.
COLONIAL FT»ATS.
New bulldin*; 2 flne new flats close to the
park; on main street; 5 and 6 rooms; beamed
ceilings in dining-rooms and hall: splendidly
finished throughout; gas and electric lights,
marble steps, etc. ; price $7250.
SUNNT MODERN FLATS.
On Clay St.. near Baker; 6' and 7 rooms, attic
and basement; rented for $77 60 per month;
lot 25x127; price $9000.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE-.
New. modern, up-to-date; 7 rooms and bath;
price $4350; street bttumen.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
New modern flats; 6 rooms each; all rented
for $56 60 monthly; price $5750.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Five rooms and bath; 2 lots. 5Oxl2l; near
' Eighteenth *t.: close to care: only $2500.
5 BERNAL HEIGHTS.
Near MiFF'.on St.: good corner; 50x70 feet;
1 only 5750: owner very anxious to sell.
Pretty building lot on north side of Lake
! «.. running back to Mountain Lake Park;
2»:C feet front; price only $1500.
BARGAIN.
r.-room eottare. with bath: in good condition:
Holly Park Tra«-t; reduced from $1400 to $1100
13 make quick sale; must be sold In the next
few days; rented for $12 per month.
LOOKING INTO THE PARK.
On Frederick st., near Stanyan; lots 27:6x
137:6: bitumen street work and sewer belnz
Unne at expense of owner. These lots at the
price are .positively the cheapest In the city;
will go to $100 per foot in a few months; now
! offered at $1750; 3 flne modern buildings now
j beirs eretted on this property.
: ON FIRST.
'Near Howard; lot 23:0x137:6: Improvement*
rent for $•«; rents should be raised; price
I $10,000.
;
Send for list of chesp lot* in all parts of
I the city.
! McAFEE BROTHERS.
1<>8 MONTGOMERY ?T.
F. B. SURRYHNE.
' REAL ESTATE AGENT.
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$11.000 — Three handsome modern flats, 7
'¦ rooms and bath each; rents $100; short distance
j from Haight and t-'teiner sts.; fronting Duboce
I Park: very desirable investment.
$<VKK» — Gold«n Gate ave. : 3 Jlats, 5 rooms
| each: rents *.V>; lot 25x137 :C. •
I $7750 — Possibly a little Ies«: Guerrero st..
1 ijesr 17th: 2 handsome modern flats. 0 and 6
i rooms and bath each; rents $r»7 50; lot 25x110.
$00(' — A little pnap; 21st ave., "close U Ful-
j ton: .V»xl20; installments.
i $675O — Close to California and Pierce; hand-
. fccnie 2-story residence. S rooms and bath;
I rrntinp: fnr SW per month: large lot; mortgage
1 of S4OH0 can be arranged if desired.
5TC"0 — Must lie sold; want an offer; Clay
' ft., near I^avpntvorth; 9 rooms and bath; lot
! "7:0x114; niortsase of $5000 can remain If de-
! tired.
j *4SK¥) — Folsom ft., near 12th; residence, 9
roome an>l bath: larpe mortgage if desired.
I $.*¦(;.'<> — Guerrero st.. near 19lh; handsome
j modern cottage. <; rooms and bath; lot 25x5)0;
j easy terms if desired.
»1(>.2."<i — Want an offer; Sacramento st., near
Fillmore; :t fine flatf. C and 7 rooms; rents $85.
$3900 — Close to Harrison and 8th sts.; corner
1 60x0^: fair improvements; renting for $36 per '
! month: rnske an offer. .
$3000 — O'Farreli »t.. near Fillmore; residence, :
10 rooms and bath; lot 22:«x»2:«.
$4500 — Corner on Sanchez St.; 2 nice flats, 5
and ti rooms; rents $3K.
$0150— A corner close to Valencia and 18th;
2 substantial fiatw, tl rocms and bath each;
rents £52 50: lot 55x80.
$3000 — Close to Baker and Fulton: neat little
j cottage. 5 rooms and bath: lot 25xKiO.
[ $77r»<t — Union St., near Polk; 2 flne flats. 5
I a.nd "i room;; rents S;ir.; lot 33x11%; would f-ub-
i mit a reasonable offer.
j $2250— Near Clement st. and 6th ave.; coay
cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x120; $500
I cash.
BUILDING LOTS. BUILDING LOTS.
From K2000 to $4500.
Fronting on Buena Vista ave., Devisadero,
Waller and Alpine sts.; <Jo not fall to look at
this property nnd see what a choice lot you
can buy for ?100 rcr foot; all street work
done; ready to build on; lots 15 minutes far-
ther out are selling for more money; don't
uverlook this opportunity: they are cheap;
easy terms can be arranged if desired.
Don't forxet that I lsxue a catalogue. Get
my January number for list of choice proper-
ties in all i.arts of the city.
LYON & HOAG. ™~ "
116 Montgomery st.
Send for our printed list of property for
sale in alt sections of the. city.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$7000^ — 2 F^Iendld flats. 4 and 5 rooms and
hath earh; rented low. $r,0; on sunny aide Cole
st., p.ear Pare.
RESIDENCE NEAR TOWN.
$C750 — Good house, 7 rocms and bath; all 1m-
proxtments: key lot; near corner Post and
Buchanan.
4 BLOCKS FROM CITT HALL.
: $13.500 — Rents $1500; flne business property,
i containing stores and flats; all rented- large
j frontage; Cough, near McAllister
; APARTMENT HOUSE SITE.
1 $42,500— Inrlde Larkln, south of Eddy: al-
, mort 7Oxi:i7:«J; He C ant site for an apartment
house.
FLATS FHONTTNG PARK.
JSOOO— 2 new f.at» of « and 7 It. and B..
facing Panhandle; flne sun and light; lot 3Ox
107 :6; Ickk than cost.
; SOUTH MARKET INVESTMENT.
i Price $5T>00; rented low. $600 annum; S-story
: building. 4 aoartments. 0 and 3 R. ; near 6th
and Folsom.
V CHEAP BUT.
$2000 — Baker-Ft. lot. near Golden Gate ave •
25x121; must be sold. ,
FINK PROPERTY TO IMPROVE.
$5750— Good key lot, sunny side of Washing-
ton, near Hyde; 5-room cottage; cood property
for 2 flats.
$6000 — OAK St.: Park Panhandle; 50x137 •«
j $17.000 — Cor. Devisadero and McAllister-
€2:<!xllO. - r*"S* •
S15OO— McAllister. St.: 25x100.
$550^ — Vulcan, near 18th-st. cars; 32x124
51200 — Gcod corner, near Chutes; 82:6x100.
Installment lots tn Excelsior Homestead.
Installment lots north o" Park; cheap
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st.
FOR choice list of city property, house and
lots; also some good , bargains in Berkeley
Oakland and Alameda, call on ROTHERMEL
4; CO.. tO7 California Et. ¦ ;
CHEAP, income property: south of Market and
Chinatown: homes Richmond, Sunset and
Miselnn districts; printed list city and coun-
try pjoperty; exchange. W. J. WHITE, 26
Montgomery St., room 5.
j» AjLB.
SPECK & CO.,
BC7 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNY.
Real EBtste Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
.«.«-« MUST BE SOLD.
$100.000— Modern B-story brick building; se-
cured leas* to one tennant, $1400 per
! month; bank - mortgage. $95,000, can
remain; by assuming mortgage, pays
17 Der cent net: lot 68:9x137:0.
CORNER NEAR MARKET ST.
$180,000— First-street corner; new brick build-
ing; 10 years' lease to one tenant; 9400
square feet floor 6pace; a very choice
buy.
GREAT WAREHOUSE SITE.
$100,000— Corner: Townsend street: 275x275
feet, railroad frontage; no better slt«
to be had: *!>7,000 refused at auction.
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS.
$45,000— Lot 82x275: two frontages; 100 rooms;
rents $350; one tenant; can be easily
leased at $4C0. . -
$10,000 CASH ONLY.
$35,000— Bank mortgage $26,000; 68:0x137:8
feet; Eddy st., near Larkln; rents $215;
¦ must be sold this week.
PACIFIC-AVENUE RESIDENCE.
$17,500— Cheapest buy on Pacific avenue;
splendid residence; 15 rooms and 3 j
baths; lot 31x123.
POLK-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$20,000— Stores and lodging-house; rents $)5,-
COO; lot 30 feet frontaKe: pajs over 9
per cent; $10,000 bank mortgage can
remain.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$18,500— O'Farrell street. ea»t of Van Nets
avenue; pays 10 per cent net by as-
feUtninK $9000 bank mortgage; rents
$115; lot 27:6x120; two frontages.
BIG INTEREST-PAYING FLATS.
$25,000— Corner: Western Addition; rents
¦' $230; lot 37-.BX85.
$22,000— One-half block from Market street;
rents $171; flne Improvements; lot 75x
100: improvements modern.
$1S).OCO— Annual rents J21S5: Golden Gate
Park- modern bay-window flats; lot
50x137:6; no better buy in Western
Addition. » m .
! $10,000— Gfary-street: 3 new bay-window fiats;
i east of Larkin street; rents $125.
$10,000— Two beautiful Post-street flats; close
to Gough street: ."0 feet frontaKe; al-
ways rented; yearly rents $900.
$8.250— McAllister-street flats; rents $960
' yearly; Jot 25x137:6.
$0,250— R.;nts $0t! 00; business property, near
Sixth and Harrison streets; lot has two
frontages. ' ,
$C.50O— Yearly rfnt? $024; Ritch street, lot
42x75; Days 14 cer cent net.
$5.000— Must be sold to close estate* TJ ash-
) ington street; lot 50x1 12 :C: worth $9oOO.
$5,000— Yearly rents $«24; 2-etory building
! and stable for 0 horses.
S4 GOO— Two Sutter-street flats: f> and «
! rooms; lot 25x137:6: a pood buy.
SPECK & CO., 0C7 Market fatreet.
SHAINWALD. K™™™,*^^ ST .
$3,000— Union Rt.. near Hyde; frame building, j
v store and flftt above of 5 rooms and
. bath- if a couple of hundred dollars Is
expended on this property it could eas-
ily be made to pay 10' per cent and ;
could readily be sold for $4000. 1
$5,250— Natoma st., near Ninth: 4 flats; rents ;
$50; this property is in excellent condl- j
tion: all good, prompt-paylnp tenants; |
no repairs necessary; no danger of va-
cancies; a good, safe buy; lot 2ox.5_ft.
$17 000 — Second-st. corner, near Harrison: i0x
95 feet: flne site for factory or ware-
house purpose?.
$7,000 — Pierce st., near Golden Gate ave.; Im-
provements are residence of 8 rooms and
bath and 2 fino flats. 4 and 5 rooms and
bath; rents $35-$12-$14: total rents $61;
lot 25x110 ft.; a gilt-edged proposition.
$7.250 — Sutter St., near Devisadero; 2 modern
flats, 6 and 0 rooms and bath; rents $bO;
j extra large lot. 41:3x114 ft.
$12,500— California st., near Hyde; frame im-
provements; lot 50x110:0 feet; handsome
location to improve.
$10,250 — Clay St., near Jones; 3 modern flats,
6-6-8 rooms and bath; rents $1050 per
annum; always rented.
$9,000 — Minna St.. near Sixth: 4 flats, renting
for $«0 per month: J5-5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x80 ft. ;- must be sold.
$10,000— Vallejo St., near Leavenworth; 3 mod-
ern flats one year old; tt rooms and bath
each: lot 27:0x127:6 ft.; rents for $87 50
monthly.
$10,000— Reduced from $12,500; Clay st., near
Buchanan: beautiful 10-room resi-
dence: every modern improvement: half
block from public square; lot 25x100 ft.;
Is being sold at thp above figure to ef-
fect an immediate sale.
$2,200— NW. corner of Castro and Al%-arado
sti=. ; lot 50:0x105 ft.; elegant view of
city.
$8,750 — Income ?90O gross per annum: 2 new
modern flats, on sunny side of Sacra-
mento Ft.; will pay 8 per cent net; lots
25x100 ft.
$35,000— Mi?slon-st. corner; 100 ft. front; pays
over 10 per cent net; stores and apart-
ment-house above;, fine Investment.
$7,000 — Broadway, fiis side of Van Ness ave.:
2 modern flats of 6-5 rooms and bath;
rents $53;-"plck-up.
$5,250 — Moss st., between Sixth and Seventh,
near Folsom: 2 flats, 5 and 6 room3 and
bath; rents «iD; lot 24x80 ft.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAIXWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
' 218-22Q Montgomery st.
• NELSON, JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery st. Opp. Mills BUg.
SPECULATORS' SNAP.
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW CORNER.
BANK APPRAISEMENT. $18,000.
WILL LOAN $ftlOO AT 6 PER CENT.
$13,000 — .'¦ choice corner lots, northwest corner
Union and Gough sts.; immediate
j'roflt of several thousand dollars guar-
anteed if sold in subdivisions.
j $35,000—01x120 feet: close to Market 6t., main
I car-line street; 2 frontages; 3 stores
i and !) flats; perfect condition.
i $28.500 — Corner lot; CtixISS; main car-ilne street
; south of and clo*e to Market st. ; . - S
• stores and S flats; handsome Income;
I guaranteed future.
I $22,000— Superb corner, 107 frontage on Bush
st:, near Van Ness ave.; old Im-
provements.
$20,000 — Grand corner on Second st., near
Market; 30 feet frontage.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
200 Montgomery st. Opp. Mills Bldp.
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG & CO.,
'Room 2. Seventh Floor. Mills bldg.
$7500— Lovely home on College Heights; new
; building: up-to-date throughout: superb
1 corner lot; sunshine In abundance on
I • every side; extensive views.
I $G00O — Willard mi., south of Parnassus ave.;
modern residence, 7 rooms, bath, etc. ;
very convenient; larre lot; -sunshine in
every room.
$4,0<K»— First ave.; bet. Golden Gate ave. and
, Turk St.; house Just finished; up-to-date-
.- not occupied; !» large rooms, toilet, bath-
1 room. etc.
S6.',OO each — Two nerv buildings; two flats
each; 7 and 7 rooms; all rented, $30 each:
these are Just finished and up-to-date in
every particular.
• $9500— Two new up-to-date flats on the corner
I of Second ave. and C st.; one of 10
J rooms and one of 7 rooms; rents $960 per
I Two fine properties r,n Taylor St.. not far
from Market. Particulars at office.
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG ft CO,
' MILLS BUILDING.
R. D. CRANSTON* ft SONS
.. t , 1 "-MONTGOMERY ST.— 114.
• i?;!'* 111 " Copy of Our List of Properties.
$12,500— Rents $110; three beautiful new flats,
substantially built; Jn one cf the best
«or/, n ™?. ldenoe , Portions; Western Addition.
$.o00— .. excellent lots on Ashbury st., near
11/!; ""• . a . b!oclf splendidly improved;
io™^iv n £" d rtTcet: thls is a bargain.
$9000— New flats, rented for $79 CO: 6 rooms
and bath in each; for a secure invest-
•¦j^nn^A thls B - em!! to be good.
$3500— A pretty home, less than 2 years old:
4 rooms, bath and etable; cars pass
»wrn"lvT tor ;. very Bood neighborhood.
$S^0— Near Colden Gate Park; sunny resl-
v > of JL larce rooms a "d bath; can
buy for $2500 ca E h and balance on easy
terms.
$500— Each; two good building lots on Twen-
tj-liitn Pt.
* 1 s« < $£z£ hl<>e n ,^ w nats: rent * I08f) yearly.
$2J0O— Tv.o well-built flats, eouth or Market-
rented steadily for $22. "
W. F. AMBROSE & CO ,
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers,
Chronicle Uldg.. Rooms 41 and 42
,...„,„- WHOLES ALE DISTRICT,
is.uxio..!)— a Brand corner on Battery st., not
far from Market: Improvements old,
no., ,-- n . ot to be considered. -
2-:llxl3,:t>— Battery st.; good lot to improve
A grand corner for flats, residence or
• apartments; on Gough st., not far
•*a«a« from Paclfi c ave.; 50x100.
$o0,000— Or« block from Powell and Sutter
f'rVtnV™ frfln t a Ees: large lot. 46 feet
rrontage; lent secured by surety bond-
leased to one tenant who makes all
repairs; 4-story-and-baEement bulld-
.~~\*~* '"K; this Is a snap.
$30,0C0-On Ijoweli Pt ., not far from Market:
lot 44x112 :(i; 4-.fla.ti: always rented;
paying a Rood income and has a
fc-rand future.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO
¦¦ 41 and 42 Chronicle Bldg.
$9000— Three flats on Harrison, near Twenty-
fourth. ( which owner is anxious to sell:
\ everything in fine condition; rents $000
per year.
j $4650— Rents $45; flats on Guerrero «t.. near
j Twenty-third : choice block; street ma-
cadamized; electric cars.
$7000 — Rents $72 per month; flats . near Sev-
--enteenth and Valencia; MUST be sold;
••>-« P artlcuI »>s at our office.
$350— VERY CHEAP LOT. near Chenery
and Roanoko sts.; close to the cars;
ready for building. ,
McEWEN BROS.. -118 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
¦
REAI, EST^ATE~CITY— FOR SALE.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
64S MARKET ST.
$176.000— 6-story downtown apartment house,
215 rooms; rents for $10,800 per annum; under
a R-year secured lease; all repairs made by
tenant; lot CS:0xl37:U.
$40,0C0— 03:9x137:6; a grand site for an
apartment house or a hotel; east of Van New
ave., south of Ellis; present- Improvements,
pay $210 per month.
5C5O0 — Three«modern flats and a rear house:
rented very low for $732: on thejiorth side of
Brannan st., near 6th: lot 25x110.
S120.0C0 — A grand apartment house, built
and finished in the latest up-to-date manner;
pays $10,600 per annum under a ten-year se-
cured lease; tenant makes repairs and pays
for waler; this property li» situated on a down-
town Pine-st. corner and has a magnificent
panoramic view of the city and bay.
S3100— Flat, stable and rear cottaere, on
Clara Et., near 6th: rented low for $J60.
$2160— A beautiful new coxy cottaze of 6
rooms, bath and barn; only a few feet from
Mission st., near 30th; the best of plumbing:
well built: easy terms; we also have one of
4 roorr* In the earn* nelKhborhood which we
can sell for $1850: Ihe lots are 25x100.
$4100 — Lot 37:6x137:0 on Bush St.: lot side
sewered; let us show you to build on this lot
so that you can make 15 per cent per annum
on your mon»y. ,
$6100— Three-story building on Harrison St.,
near Oth; lot 27:Gx86: rents low $072.
$2500— Two good Cats near 4th and Brannan;
rents low $300: lot 25xS0.
$13,500 — Rents $1440; three new modern flata
beautifully finished; on Guerrero st.. near
ICth: lot 23x130.
•55000 — Four flne <ats In perfect condition on
Tehama St.. near 6th: Days $624: lot 25x75.
$3750 — Handsome modern cottaie of 7 rooms
and bath; high basement; sanitary plumbing;
In the best of condition: brick foundation, etc.;
on I .yon St., near Golden Gate ave.; lot 25x
312:0.
?5000 — Two modern flats in first-class condi-
tion; on First ave., n«ar Sacramento at.; lot
25x120; rents S4S0.
$4500 — 22d «t., near No»: 2 modern flats,
rented very low for $4CS: thp furniture of one
flat included in the Rale; lot 25x114. ..
$3)500 — Three elfjcant modern flnts in first-
class condition; on llalsht st.. near Webster;
always rented; pays $980; lot 25x120.
$¦-1500 — Two modern flats on Shotwell st..
near 2Gth; rented low for $330; lot 27:8x115 to
rear street.
54COO — 2 modern flats on 21e>t St., near Cas-
tro; rents low at $456; lot 25x114.
$»»50— Fair Oaks St., near 25th: lot 25x125.
$8500— 'J new modern flats, just finished: (
: rents low $810: on Belvedere st.. near Waller, j
$4S50 — 2 brand new modern flat*. 5 and 6
rooms and bath; rented for *540: lot 31:8x100.
$4750 — G splendid flats in the very best ccn-
i rtil ion; first class In all rrspects: rents very
low," $072: lot 25x75; near Oth and Folsom.
$4500 — i flats, excellent condition: rents low
$•180: lot 40x100: on Alabama St.. near 25th.
*13,."00 — 4 elecant new modern up-to-date
; flata, renting for $l«-t0: on W»bster et.
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 MARKET ST.
MADISON & BURKE. •
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1858.
30 Montgomery St Opposite Lick House.
$19,000 — Devisadero »t. : store and flats; lot
30x82:6; new building; rent $150.
$34,000— Fine business corner on Devisadero
st.; rent $2400 per annum and tenants
make all repairs and pay water extra;
lot OCxlCO feet.
$30,000 — Inside business property; on Third St.; j
rent $22S0 per annum. j
SPLENDID INCOME PROPERTY". I
$15,500 — Small flats; always rented; now pay- |
ing over 1 per cent net per month; one- j
half block of new Fairmont Hotel, near 1
Sacramerito and Mason sts. ; buildings In
flne condition.
$12,000 — Post St.: two large well-constructed
houses; very large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$9,000 — 6 flats and store below; near 6th and
Brannan sts.; rent $S6 per month; new I
I building. ¦
$5,750 — Natoma-st. investment: good improve-
ments and with small outlay income can
be doubled; lot 25x75.
FINE LOCATION FOR PHYSICIAN.
$11,000 — Sutter st.. near a transfer corner: 10-
room residence, In flne condition; large
lot. 27:0x137:6 feet.
LOTS
$10,800— Jackson St.; 50-vara lot In the Pre-
fcldio Heights district.
$10,000— li 50-vara, 68:0x137:6; Broadway,
near Flllmore st. ; grand marine view.
$4,200 — Steiner St.. near O'Farrell; 25x109:9.
$2,000— Lots on Larkln St.. near Broadway; |
$100 per foot. j
Lots 27:6x137:6 on Sutter st., bet. Steiner
and Pierce.
Building lots: NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
: and Baker St. ; In sizes to suit; prices
from $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:0x137:6. on south line of
Geary st.. near Flllmore.
MADISON t. BURKE,
r,0 Montgomery st.. Opp. Lick House.
: JAMES G. JONES, 26 Montgomery St., !
Opposite Lick House. \
SOME MAGNIFICENT PROPERTIES.
$18,600— NE. corner- Vallejo and Devisadero:
one of the finest unobstructible marine
views in San Francisco: lot 62x105; will
subdivide. I
. . j
$5,250— One of the most beautiful lots south |
of the Park Panhandle: 50x187:6: grad- I
ed: gas. water and side sewer In; will
. subdivide. ;
$5,000 — Grove, inside Buchanan: 50-foot front- '
age; old improvements bring $25; the J
snappiest snap on the market. ;
EXECUTORS' SALE OF BARGAIN LOTS. '.
$5,000— North line Oak between Fillrr.ore and
! Stelner: lot 40x137 :G: beautiful lot at a ¦
great barsain; appraised at $6000: lots I
fronting north on opi»o;«lte side of block
[ and far 1»es desirable were recently
! purchased from this estate on specula-
I tion at a higher rate at auction and
I are now hel.l at $110 a front foot and
over.
$3,2oO^-West line Fillmore. between Oak and
Fell: !qt 27:0x100.
$3,000 — West line Fillmcre, between Oak and
Fell; key lot. 25x100: one of the finest
I keys In the city and an excellent buy
from every standpoint; appraised a't
$3."00.
Ses different lists in other papers. I
JAMES G. JONES. 2tf Montgomery it.
W. J. GL'NN. . - ~~
530 California st.
(Saving!* Union Building.)
$1,800— Cheap lot: sunny side Union near
Broderlck; 25x100; $250 first payment.
$40 per month; this lot has a grand
marine view: ready for building.
$2,450 — SE. cor. Webstrr and Filbert: 25x100;
flne corner for business or flats; few
steps from Union rt. cars
$6,000— Larkln; 2 flats. 41:6 frontage; marine
view; each 7 rooms nnd bath; very
cheap.
$1,900— Two clioire lots. COxlCO; east line of,
11th ave., 150 feet north of Clement; \
elevated ground; marine view; cars pass I
en Clement.
$10,000— Sutter »t.: :j flats; sunny side; first
class; Income $1'O.
$50,000— Pacific Heights; 2 corners, 275x137:0-
panoramic marine view.
$3.S50— NW. cor. Lake and Fifth ave.. 27:6x
100; fln* corner for business; grocers
look at this; very desirable
$10,000—100x110: choice Webster-»t. corner.
$9.000— NW. cor.. 137:0x137:6; W. A.; martre
view; a flne buy for a builder; very
' cheap. .
$400 for a lot In Richmond, ready for build-
ing; well located; street macadamized:
a few stops from Clement-et. cars; very
cheap; line bargain.
ft-TO California st.
LOTS. N or S side of Golden Gate Park pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
FOnT»Te~bF~ — — —
JUI.IEN SMITH.
Real Estate Agent — ! 420 Montgomern st.
NORTHEAST CORNER.
Harrison and Twelfth — 51xlC0; 57 across
rear; title guaranteed by title company; splen-
did for factory, livery stable or flats; price
$8150; If bought this week reduction made.
JF.PSIE STREET.
Near Sixth— Two or tluee nice income prop-
erties: lots run toward Mission «t.: prices
$7800. $8150, SSiOCO; property is advancing In
this locality daily.
NATOMA STREET. !
Near Third: flne lot: 30x80; fair improvt- j
ments: $4200; this ts very cheap; central and I
deridable. . !
. FELL STREET. . 1
Beautiful, sunny; lot 27:6x137:0 and cottage;
$3300; this Is near Steiner; one of the prettiest
home sites to be had.
FOR sale — As a whole cr in subdivisions: 50-
vara lot. south line Union st., 137:6 feet east
of Pierce: lot northeast corner . Green and
Pl»rce st9.: lot 103:0x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
221 Sansome at.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest ' price for buildings and will wreck
. the largest building completely within 10
days. /Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts.. office -and yard.
FINE income flats. Fulton st., near City Hall.
Inquire 142 Fulton St.. owner.
A NEW. house for sale on Twentieth *ave., near
: car * line; Sunset district. '
SO yc.i »»"t «¦- nlca bathroom? Call on AHL-
. BACH & MAYER, Plumbers, 836 Howard st.
REAIi ESTATE — Country— For **}**
FOR famw.^tock ranches orchard "£**"£•
yani lands call on or •««» for «««k« a *
ROTHERMFJ. fc CO.. 50. .^"^V^,.
11400— 40-acre improved hill farm. n°" 38 -
barn: orchard and all stock ; 1 " e * r *"" I £ a ,
$2230— Level valley farm; SO acres, nea*
Santa Rosa; with a house and barn.
$2000—12 acres; 5 In orchard: Soodjioxiaa
and barn: Includes horse, wajron cow and
poultry: all complete; near Pet f™J n *-_ .
$60 an acre— 320 acres tule vegetable Jand.
producing large crops potatoes corn. bean*,
etc.; rent for $7 an acre; on way to B.ock-
tO $030O— 20-acre farm: loam soil: 'o***?™*
and bara: 15 acres Jn orchard; on ™»£f£»
Watsonville to Santa Cnz; will sacriac«.
owing to departure. rv.»w w«h
$5000— 160 acres; near Boulder Cre-ek. witn
rroom house, barn and orchard; 40 acre*
farm land on creek; flne timber and place,
for summer resort: easy terms.
$4 an acre only— (540 acrea timber land in
Mer.docino County. , .
$2250— 11- acre fruit and poultry f*"^*,""
B-rooin house an.l barn; all In orchard and
vineyard: near Sonoma. __._•-- 114
$0300— Lovely home farm at n *y wm 'J d l' . K '
acres; flne new house. » room, and ba.h.
electric lights; beautiful grounds ana or-
° $5000—14 acres fruit and poultry t*rm:*-
room modern house; 8 acres orchard; near
Haywards. »-_/»
$3SC0— I.H acres at Kenwood •tatloa. =«£¦"¦
ma Valley; 5-room 2-story house; s.gntiy
location: 10 acres vineyard and orchard; on
creek: cost $6000; must be eold to clo»»
widow's estate. ,
jtoOO— General farm and stock range: «**
»cr«s- nicely located on Mark West Cree*.
Sonoma County: good buildings; 12 acres
orchard and vineyard; a paying ranch
$5 an acre — The best stock ranch In M»n-
docino County: f.840 acres; fenced: dwellins^
and barns; with creek and numerous springs;
flne winter and summer range, and som*
valuable redwood and tan oak timber: wtll
keep 500 cattle or 5^.00 «he«p. besides ho*»:
pays over 10 per cent on Investment; stock
at low price to close an estate.
ROTH ERMEL & CO.. &O7 California, at.
8AX MATEOJtEAl^JESTATg.
BAN MATEO SAX TEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDEXCB
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, vtlla sites and acreage. Don't fail
to see us before buying. Investigate Baa
Mateo Park. The ideal property of them an.
I-ots of about one acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to be most valuable. See our local
agent, Frank S. Grummon. San Mateo offlce
0P * n BALDWlN & HOWELL. 25 Post «t.
1 SAN MATF.O-r.URLINGAME.
Best surburban homes near San Francisco;
no ferry: electric railroad now runnrng: lots
and residences for s=al«>: we can sell good lots
as low as $5<V> each: we will be glad to show
them: we al»> have some acreage land near by
as low as ?10O to $200 per acre.
McAFEF. BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery ft.. San Francisco. Resident
agent. S. O. COODHUE. Western Union Tel.
building, Pan Matfo.
NEW houses sold on the Installment plan,
same, as rent: nnw showing houses at SlfiM
(2), $!S5O <2> S1300 »2). $230«, $2700. $2SO0.
$4000 (2). $.vinn- 12 in all; not one ever oc-
cupied; the choicest selection, the largest 11st
and ihe best rang? In prices and terms ever
offered in San Mateo residence property.
Office open Sunday. If, N. ROTDEN. opp.
Plaza. San Mateo. Cal.
HANDSOME residence of 1« rooms, with all
modern conveniences, furnished up-to-date :
beautiful grounds, sonsisting of 10 lots; small
cottage of 'J rooms; a well-flnlshed private
stable: grand view, overlooking the bay; a
bargain for some one: price $10,5C0.
Fine residence of 14 rooms; all modern con-
veniences: price $10,500.
The well-known Gosby rooming and boarding
house; centrally located; $8000.
The Grove bakery. Icecream parlors and
candy kitchen, all complete: did a business in
1tK« of S14.0OO; a mint for some one. ThU
business, together with a nice furnlshjd cot-
tage: failure of health cause cf sale; price
$3oC0.
Lots from $100 to $10CO; cottages from $500
up.
Address or call on W. B. FILCHER, Pacific
Grove. Cal.
POI.XT HICHMOXD nF.AL BSTATE.
POINT RICHMOND.
No Place on the Coast Eq-ially Promising.
Secure Lots Now While Prices Are I-ow.
Hanta Fe Tract is the Cream of the District.
$5 PER MOUTH. STREETS GRADED.
LOTS LEVKL. BITUMEN SIDEWALKS.
McEWEN BROS.. MM MONTGOMERY ST.
HOLE AGENTS.
4 LOTS choap for cash. 32S Bush St.. room
4. third floor.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photog. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott btdg.
REAL ESTATE WAXTED.
1 WANTED — To buy a two or three-story house.
Inquire 16^0 Lacuna st.
: WANTED — Cheap lot, near car line. Box 710,
Call office.
SAX It A FA EL. REAL ESTATE.
! NICE San Rafael home. S rooms, barn, etc.,
chsap. Owner, ll'J Fifth ave., San Rafael.
PROPERTY WAXTED.
WANTED — A 5 to 8 room house. Oakland.
Berkeley. Alameda or San Francisco, fur
cash; owners only. Box 42O. Cay.
WANTED — House of 3 Rats, between 11th *nd
25th sts. : modern. Box 70K. CaJL
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$.%00 — Cottage of 6 rooms; bath: nicely fin-
ished; 37xl2t); close to Geary st. cars.
S5000 — Elegant modern flats; new- w»SJ
rented: large lots; view; trade tor lots la
Western Addition.
W. J. WHITE. 20 Montgomery st.. room 5.
EXCHANGE modern apartment-house for city
property. Box «49. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALA3IEDA IlKAL ESTATB.
AHOME* FOR 'EVERYBODY.'""" """ " """""
$1000 — 5-room 1%-story cottage; lot 25x101-
terms. "
$1000— 5-room 1-itory cotUee; lot 28x100-
terms. *
$14W) — 3-room 11-story cottagt; lot 28x100-
terms. *
$1750 — 6-room 1-story cottage; lot 26x125; i^
.^ 15a T 7 ' room 1 - |tor 3r cotUg,; lot 84x130;
$300 cash.
$21B0— 5-room 1-story cottage; lot 40x113; '»
$2300— 6-room 1-itory cottage; lot 50x130; \i
$310fr-7-rocm 1-itory cottage; lot 30x150; »;
Two nice water front cottages on Central
ave.. near station; bargains; large list of realty.
For e.xchance- for San Francisco rear estate.
a modern 7-room house In the best locality.
Apply to A. R. DENKE, 1400 Webster it..
Alameda.
•52250 — FOR this price we can sell you a modern
5-room cottage, partly furnished, good loca-
tion.
$2100 — Ilere Is a bargain; can't buy a lot In
this block for $2300; this Is on Clinton ave
on the beach; cottage of 5 rooms on It- lot
50x100.
' $30(10 — Colonial C-room. story and a half house-
new: j-ist completed: porcelain tub: fine
finish; terms. $5C0 down, balance aame as
rent.
$75C0 — SE. cor. Chestnut it. and San Jo?«
ave. ; lot 75 feet front: beautiful, up to date
modern 8-rccm composite home- bea-jtifui
grounds, billiard room.* etc.
$lt\000 — Or Santa Clara av«., near Willow st ¦
lot r.0x207M.; elegant house of 0 Urge roomi :
modern; fine stable: a great home.
Unimproved lota In all parts of Alameda
Renting— Kntire Charge Taken of Prooertv
HAMMOND & HAMMOND * nroperty -
1422 Park st.. Alameda. *
TWO-STOUT. 10-room house; gas. bath ani
«S k ? Mrt of orlce ln • <" !
Two-story ti-room house on Park street- In
SI FSJh&F month; Bne '-"-
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park at..
Alameda, Cal.
j ELEGANT lot at a great sacrifice: 100x150-
either as a whole or In subdivisions- chik:»
L^^rrAv'afi z^v^LxB
FOR sale— A fin* 5-ror.m cottag- now K,,n^i« "
5 YOUNG - w i=« d Pa5i
9 -^ oM c h H T^nD^fvcV^Z r
tion. AUmeda; phone Union WSi" T 8t *"THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1904!
43
MISCELLAXEOUSIF^^
CYLINDER graphophone and records In good
condition, cheap. Box 16.' 1008 Market st.
FINEST bred dachshund pups for sale. 1603
. Geary «t. .'
TWO cocker spaniel pups; also 1 mastiff pup.
-1918 Hyde at.,- cheap^
A TWO-needle hemstltcher for sale at 1157
. Folsom st. H. Klas.
DISTILLATE, a gasoline engine: 4-horse
power. $S5. H. M. NEWELL. Talo Alto.
TWO lanee French plate mirrors In. frames,
cheap. ' 640 Howard st. ¦_ '
WILL sell electric battery. $6. 120 Alpine
street. -.-¦-•-.
1500-LB. dray horse wanted at 38 Lafayette
st.. bet. 11th and 12th. .
OFFICE furniture, practically, new. 519 MU-
slon st.. room 404. ¦ . ¦
FINE English pointer dog- for. sale; 11 months
old. Inquire at 130 Ninth St.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 323
Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
MILES- or pipe and fittings: ail sties. EU- ,
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo «t. i
EAFES and cash registers, new and atoond-
hand. 1. FREEMAN. 1329 Market it.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, t to
12 H. P. cheap. E. B. Beck ft Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucka. BACIQALUPI. 933 Martot.
DESKS and safes: see the complete line at ISIS
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 807 Battery «t
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROOH MFG. CO.. 519 Market it.
MOVING pictures, mastic lanterns. «al-. rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Po»t «t.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
k CO.. 122 Market St. ]
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobile* and launckei;
i all slies. J. E. DOaK. 4« Fremont" st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montr r. ,
A BRANCH office of The Call for th» reception
of advertisements and subscription* has been
. opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 r>. n>. <
MISCELLAyEODS WAMTS.
WANTED— 22-caliber repeating rifle. Win-
chester preferred: must be in good condition
and cheap. Address, stating price, box SS4.
Call office.
WANTED — Spring delivery wagon, carry on«
. ton; cheap: describe fully. P. O. box »3,
Llvsrmore, Cal.
WANTED^-Good range, hot water and gas
attachment; what kind. MISS CAMPBELL,
738 Elizabeth nt. .
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS, 870 Folsom.
CASH for second-hand geocentric astrological
books. MORTON'S Book Store. 649 E1H».
WANTED — To buy good second-hand bicycle;
Rambler preferred. Call 614 Kearny «t.
WANTED — Footpower bandaaw. 20 or 24-inch.
2632^ Bryant st. »
WANTED— Revolving office chair; state par-
ticulars. - 8. J. BEAN. IT Fourth »t.
SHOES, misfit and castoft; highest price. At
749 Mission st.. bet. 3d and 4th.
WANTED — A horse 1800 pounds weight. Ap-
ply Wnnder Brewery.
WANTED— Sewing machine cheap; eecond-
hand. 23% Folsom avenue.
WANTED — Second-hand motorcycle. Box 507,
Call office.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1140 Market it.; phone Jesole 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing; and
theatrical goods. 154 9th it.: tel Jesile 283L
OFFICES ASP STORES TO LET.
TO lease — Premises suitable for market: 50x80;
situated on a corner In a well-populated dis-
trict. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Mont-
gomery st. ,
STORE to lease; fine large store 25x00. with
5 nice living rooms and bath; also basement;
front will be altered to suit tenant. 810
Larkln st.
TO let, 2 large light rooms, suitable for of-
fices or business. Apply WALE PRINT-
ING CO., 621 Clay. ,
FOR rent — Fine offices on Market St.: suitable
for tailor; one now vacating; also well fur-
nished sleeping rooms. 3 Eddy it.
NICE fice office to let; also fin* front deals
room. Call at 419 California it., room 21.
STORE to lease on Market St., bet. Third and
Fourth. Box 609. Call.
A FINE store-like basement. Apply 130 Sixth
street. /
PHYSICIANS A.\D Sl'UGEOSS.
DR a C. O'DONNELL— Offlc« and residence.
1021 Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases ot women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market at. £
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases ot the human body; for
pact four years at 1*5-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenwortn.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. U Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington it.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— Att dls-
eases cured by Chines* herbs 748-8 Clay tt.
P^PE^H^OINJC^JP^^TJXG.^ ETC.^
ROOMS papered, $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 Third: tel. Main 413.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! . Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
STOCKS AND BONDS FOR SALE.
$10,000 OR $15,000 to loan on business prop-
erty In Oakland or San Francisco or Berke-
ley at 5 per cent net.
Also, some 5 per cent bonds and other, in-
terest-bearing securities, at a discount.
W. E. BARNARD. 476 Tenth St.. Oakland.
BkTWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10. $15, $20; second-
hand, $3. $5. $S; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
$16 CO — NEW improved drop-head nlckel-flnlsh.
guaranteed 10 yrs.: 2d-hand sewing machines
$2 60. $3. $4. 145 flth St.; tel. Jessie 3136.
STOKAGET AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; ohone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storag* & Moving Co.. of-
. flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlss. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phona East 121*.
GOLDEN West Storag*: advances made; 840
Mission «t. ; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zfhfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore at.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
¦t. ; tel. Msln 184". Shipping at cut rates-
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 3 Remington. No. t
' Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices ; rentals $2 DO. Th*
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par.
tlculars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont,
gomery st.
A typewriter at any prl^s: agents Fay-Sholes,
$100: Sun. $10: Commercial. $35: Portal. $23.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTIS3 .1 WELCH. _
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. BOS Market.
~~ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
THE Phoenix. Savings. Building and Loan As-
soclatlon. 516 California at.. San Francisco,
has declared a dividend for the six month)
- ending December 20. 1903. at the annual rate
of 0 per cent on general capital stock, ti pet
cent. on term certificates and 4Vi per cent on
savings accounts, the latter being withdraw,
able upen the same general terms and condi-
tions as are usual with savings banks.
The Phoenix has a paid In capital of $!.¦
COO, COO and a reserve fund -and surplus ol
$210,000. Its directors are: A. A. Watktns.
president: Charles R. Bishop, vie* president;
1 8. Prentlss Smith. treasurer: Clarence
Grange, secretary and managing director;
Gavin McNab. attorney: Cbarlea E. Ladd anc
George C. Bcardman.
6AN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
Ing Society. 6th floor, Mutual .Savings Bank
, building. 70S Market St.. opposite Third—
For the half-year ending 31st »f December.
1803. a dividend has-been declared at th«
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
. capital stock, and participating certificates,
I ' free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
J ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Sreretaxr.
OAKLAND ADVEIO;ISEMENTS
- OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE. ¦ '
S M DODOE & SOX «
IICO BROADWAY.
EVERY PIECE AD-
VERTISED 18 A
BARGAIN.*
, , • PARTIALLY FINISH-
ED 8-ROOM HOUSE:
• • CORNER LOT. Mix
f 1250. ' 100; GOLDEN OATB.
. . • NEAR LOCAL TRAIN
1 ' : STATION; BARGAIN
"FOR A MECHANIC.
$2500— .NEW MOD-
i ERN fl-ROOM BUN-
i GALOWCOTTAGK: :! - »
BEDROOMS; FINE
LOCATION: FIVE . FortKiJ
BLOCKS FROM S F. >: \LE
i LOCAL TRAIN;. ONE
BLOCK FROM ELEC-
TRIC CARS: DRIVE- . '
i WAY; LOT 39x115
i • "
14 SOLD: BUILDING
LOTS 25x132: AT AD-
ELINE STATION; 35
MINUTES TO S. F.;
CHEAPEST PROPER-
TY IN LOCALITY;
EXTENSIVE RAIL- !
$500 EACH. ROAD IMPROVE-
I U CASH., MENTS NEAR BY;
1 •- SURE TO INCREASE
GREATLY IN VAL-
UE* 7% PER CENT
INTEREST ON DE-
FERRED PAY-
MENTS.
ELEGANT RESI-
DENCB IN BEST-
SECTION OF BAST
OAKLAND: LOT 45x
xl2O : 7 ROOMS; IN-
TERIOR FINISHED FORCE-D
IN MANNER BEFIT- SALE
TING $10,000 RESI-
DENCE; SPLENDID
URBAN AND MA-
RINE VIEW; $2000
CASH.
UNUSUAL CIRCUM-
. STANCES FORCE
THIS SALE: LOT SOx
101; IN GOOD SEC-
TION OK BERKE-
PRICE $1200. LEY; LAND WORTH
WORTH $ie00. J1COO; FOR SALE
REFORE WEDNES-
DAY FOR $1200; IN-
. « VESTIGATB AND
ACT BEFORE IT IS
TOO LATE.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
_ 1160 BROADWAY.
Woodward, watson & co. (inc.).
1172 BROADWAY, COR. 14TH ST..
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE.
TEL. MAIN 35.
-MEMBERS OF THE OAKLAND REAL
ESTATE ASSOCIATION.
WEBSTER-ST. HOMES ON LARGE SUNNY
LOTS!!!
NOW COMPLETE AT THE CORNER OF
21ST AND WEBSTER STS.; WE HAVE
: FIVE BEAUTIFUL HOMES: THEY ARE
' FINISHED IN THE BEST POSSIBLE MAN-
| XER AND ARE IN EVERY WAY PERFECT.
IFOR PARTICULARS AS TO TERMS. AND
i PRICES CALL AT OUR OFFICE. '
?2C00.
Fin» little five-room cottage, new and mod-
ern; the place is on the north «lde of a fine
j residence street and on a hill.
*155O.
| Good investment in flats raying $17 per
j month; the property is near the Point and the
j flats are always rented.
$1100.
Here is a flve-room cottage on Adeline st.,
near 25th; the lot Is 20x125.
$2700.
Pevfn-room cottage with hich basement; on
Union St., near 12th; good buy for the money.
$3700.
Modern home of 7 rooms; on Union St.. near
12th; always rented, or would make fine home;
new and «a.s all conveniences. >-.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO (Inc).
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE
1172 BROADWAY, COR. 14TH ST. ?
¦ WHY NOT GET A HOME IN OAKLAND?
j It is nearer, in point of time, to business
Fan Francisco than Golden Gato Park; the
fare is the eame.
Here are some places worth your attention.
A little cottaRe. of four rooms and bath:
newly papered and painted; will grow In
value durinj? this year; $300 cash, balance
same as rent; total, $1350. •
Close to new ferry line; close to 6treet
: car line; dirt cheap; cottage of five rooms
; and bath; lot 27x1-10 feet; price, $1700.
¦ Cheap for cash; flve-room cottage on sun-
ny corner; on two car lines; wide lot, good
lawn and conservatory; great bargain; price,
$2250.
Just off San Pablo ave.: cottage of six
rooms and bath; just completed; fine plac«v;
south front; will rent- for $27 60 per month;
price, $2900.
Two-story house In most rapidly growing
section in the city; six big rooms; big lot
and lawn; rare value; price, $3000.
A beautiful home, handsomely finished;
best section in Oakland: large lot; terraced
lawn: this place can be appreciated only
after It has been seen; it's worth every
cent of the money and will be worth more
within a year; price, $4500.
<?EE THESE AND HUNDREDS MORE
WHICH WE HAVE ON OUR FILES.
E J. STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
Member of Oakland Real Estate Association,
467 Ninth st-
Oakland, California.
JSOO-^orner iot, 50x101; 62d St., one block
«. west of Telegraph.
$650— 42d-st lot. MxlOO, between Market and
West sts.. close to Key Route.
$1523 — Lot 105x131, on Frlton St., Lorln, two
blocks from station; street work done;
will sell part for $15 per foot.
$3250 — Elegant Panoramic Heights lot . In
Berkeley. 100x100.
$1800 — Flno cottage, 7 rooms and bath; near
21st and Chestnut; lot 25x100; or lot 60x
100; $2300.
A. J. PNYDER.
Member of Oakland Real Estate Association,
4G7 Ninth St.,
Oakland, California.
?250 DOWN, $25 per month; like rent: new
house. 6 rooms; near Grove at.; must
be sold, i
Ninth St., near Grove; 8 rooms, all in first-
class condition; newly painted and pa-
pered.
$12,300 — Modern house of 12 rooms; lot lOOx
120; very best location; few blocks from
Broadway; select residence or site for
flats.
16th and Adeline sts.; 10 rooms; large corner
let; a ble bargain; all In first-class con-
dition.
$1,7M) — House of 7 rooms: In good r.i.idltion-
close to Key Route ferry; sunny side
and main street.
! $750 — Cottage of 4 rooms; street >work all
done; cloge to Key Route ferry
GEO. W. AUS'l
Real Estate Aecnt and Dealer,
Member of Oakland Real Estate Association,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$3750— ONE of the best northeast corners on
Telegraph ave., right in the heart of the
I residence district; 50x150. V
| '.$lfcr>g — 10-foot lot on the sunny side .'of Tel-
¦ egraph' ave.
• $4500 — An elegant. . 8-roomed colonial. . close
i to Telegraph ave.; walking distance to town;
j lot 33x140. . -
j M. L. WURTS. 17th and Broadway,
i Opposite postoffice.
ELEVATED tract of 6\i acres within Oakland
city limits, in direct line of city's ; growth,
toward Berkeley; well adapted to cutting into
lots; only $2000 an acre.
• MEADS & BELL.
I 1223 Broadway, Oakland.
VLAMEDA ADVERTIS'JIENTS
AT.AMKOV I!K\I, I>T\TK.
T^Vn.Y HOMES AND CHOICE LOCATIONS
FOR .SALK.
FEE FOR YOURSELVES.
TROPnRTIES HOUND TO INCREASE IN
VALUE.
• SOME GOOD PROPOSITIONS WORTH IN-
VESTIGATING. RETIRE A HOME AND
LJVE IN ONE CF THK BEST CITIES IN
CALIFORNIA.
BARGAINS.
$1000 buys 5-rcr:n crttaffe; nlre let; Willow st.
CJ250 l>u\ 5 gr^at laigain; 6-room cottage; lot
• ' .V>xi50.
$2£G0 buys 5-i«cm cottage; lot 50x272; partly
Jurnifhed.
' $3000 buys .¦.--.,:• fi-room colonial house; good
• lot ; new.
$¦;:.".• buys ."> rooms, partly furnished; , Set 40x
100; murt be sold.
$0500 buys beautiful 7-room home; a snap;
Ji'>ar tra'.ns and school*.
PEE OUR BARGAINS. EAPY TKRMS.
JT500 boya a r.e»- modern S--wn house: "all
latest iirrrov<>ir(fitf : cas and electricity;
fine cott.pt: best l<"*-at'.on.
$C500 b'jys a rr^at bargain in a 12-room house;
lot :>Cx2<i7; on main line of elertric car*;
must h*> sold.
HOME? nriLT. RENTED AND EX-
CMA3CGED.
EASY TERMS. EF.TTER THAN PAYING
RENT.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 PARK 5T.
TEL ALAMEDA 4t«t
FOR rs;<> or tn rent in Alara<»da. nice hcjme;
«l-f«rab!e location. VVM. F. WATTSON. Mf>
Mission ct.' a room 311.
H*~'i:^r. ahd 1-t for Mie, finest location in Ala-
rnff'.a: bargain. Call nwners. 1724 Central
• svf. ; no appntf
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BKHKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
*J J MASON HEAL ESTATE AGENTT COR.
'BHATTL'CK AVE. AM' CENTER ST.. PE-
LK«Trs: THE FOLLOWING FROM HIS
LARGE UST OF CHOICE PROPERTY
AND INVITES IXSPI5CTXOX:
V.rw of 5 rocirs and bath; lot Whtl30;
price. ?:W0.
Hous- Ot 4 room* ar.d bath; lot 40x100;
price. $jrM*>.
Houw ff S n-oms and bath: lot 40x100;
P--U-4-. f2(K«<.
House cf O rooms and bath; lot &0xl35;
p-ice fsrco.
IfovM "f T r>xra« and bath; lot 40x100;
rrice. $2*00.
Home oi 7 rooms and bath: lot 40x125.
Hous* of 7 i'«oms and bath: lot CO ft.
frnjiap*-; street work all done and, near Key
R ut«i station.
New house of 9 r<->rns and bath: sunny side
of street; price. Jl.Wi.
Fir" bouse of 9 room*: lot C2xir.0:6, near
rnivenity: *trm work all done: price SCPOO.
desist booM cf :« roams, corner; lot 60x
is:*:*: price, $<».v». " £,
ilavf yi u «>\er seen the runset from Berke-
ley bills? . ...
The thfJV'''- ch.-i-est and most accessible
of tr-e hill lot* are those In the Hopkins
terrace North Berkeley; lots from $1250 to
f-ji»'i> f'ach.
F'T rent, an "lepar.t. well-appointed house
of l» roams i:i tbe heart of the wwt por-
tion ot UK town; rent. $60.
rOTl RENT— IN A GOOD NEIGHBOR-
!lfxu> HOUSE OF l'» ROOMS ANF> BATH;
U1U.HENT TO A RESPONSIBLE TEN-
ANT FOR ?5O.
CENTRAL REAL F.STATE CO..
Tii:> CENTER ST..
BERKELEY.
U^j_XT« nrf now ready to show this elegant
n^w n-room bouse; t>oli»h«»<l floors; com-
bination flxturt-s: beautiful bathroom; lot
•3x127; one has to see this house to ap-
predstc i'.
$27'»» - !CtW «i-nvm house; two toilets; hase-
rnesi roan 12x12: only five minutes from
Berkeley Station; lot SOxll'J; this is a
t arjjain.
laoft nrantlfnl lot 4<>xlir.. on east side of
r _,^. t; f^ant view; onlj' three minutes
frria N<~rth Berkeley station; street work
d^ne; sidewalk laid; fenced on three sides; t
very esyy terms.
fl2Tx>— This lot BOxXSS: worth $1500; Ftreet
wrk all done; nice hich levrl lot: only
thr^ minutes from steam and electric
roerls; this is one of the best bargains in
CEXTIUL RKAL ESTATE CO..
1M49 CENTER ST.,
BERKELET.
FTOP tmrttx r-nt ; almost new 6-room cottage.
]«"¦«*• improvement* hiKh basement. *tat!cn-
n-v*tub«= city water! chicken house: 2 W.-k-ks
t« n rj station both lines: a!*o electric
car* IT 4Oxi:;r«; price $I«vV>; terms *I50 «ish.
ralarre ?!<* rr.nntWy-. open Sundays- O. A.
RUDOLPH, Lorin Sta.Uoa.
f?>C\r— "i-rorm 2-story modern house; laree lot.
• U fenced- 2 Mocks to station and electric
c«.-s irie-eV ar.d schools; price $'i"H>0; terjiK
«:;•«! cssh. balance $^T» monthly; owner gi'n?
E>'t; this i« your char.c^. O. A. KL-
JVILPH. Lorin Station; open Sundays. . ¦
Fni'EfLOSED — New. 5-rvtm cottage; biKh
basement bav-»indow. foloing door*, b.itli.
• • rantry stationary tub*, brick foundatio j
U'-kc l'ot a'l fenced: half a block to strvct
eaca. 4 fatocka to R. R- Ftatlon. KfcoA.
church and Ftores; price $1<5T,O: terms. *loO
rajil- baiame f20 monthly: open Sundays
.O. A. RUDOLPH. Lotin Station.
BARGAINS IX DESIRABLE LOTS.
$fino_7;:rtxl2'>; nice lot: youth front; 3
b;o<-V« cf it <\
?750— 60vir,r,; slRhtly *!taaUon; east of
'$W»— 4Ot90; fine view; «ast of Shattuck.
*ou'h of Ro»».
finr>O SightJy corner: east of Shattuck. near
Ferryman. . . ,
HITS— (3x120; handsome corner; eishily;
. rice surrr-undingf!.
f33W>— 50x150; east cf Telegraph, near Par-
ker.
$147Ti_r>^clC5: *outh front; Scenic Tract,
n'ar EneMd.
$15.v» — Klejrant west front; east of Repent,
near Derby.
ALLEN * ELLIS. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley,
"$140 — 5-ROOM cottage: handsome: aJmcst
new; lot .V>xl50; *tr*et work complete;
close to oars.
IS-'iO^ t-wm cottace: completely furnished:
fln* piano: lot .'.0x135: south frontace;
half a block to train.
jyrrrfi — Tleautiful O-roora bungalow; almost
new- every convenience; swell location;
close to cars; largre comer lot; etreet
work complete.
A BUSINESS PNAP.
$2500- Forced sdl* on account of death: 2-story
buiWlrur. containing store ar.d two flats;
on laree corner lot : cloee to station.
LOT.
A nice lot on Seward st., for $200; $10 down,
J." per month.
W. C. MORAS". L^rin station,
or C. C. EMSLIE, Ashby Btatlcn.
FLFXIANT ir»-ro«~.m house on highlands of
Be-kelcy. facins west; fine view: large
t-rotin']r; shade ires; gymnasium; $12,000 or
$i;i.0<"«0. ac! ordir.K to land: two blivcks from
• train and electric cars: close to university;
jiroperty shown bt appointment.
Inv*«n:iipnt property; nortion block on
sunny 'lillEkir* ot Berkeley, overlooking-
Golden 1aT<-; three street frontajres; eleven
• lots-; ?1::,.V>|. Address
MBS. ADELAIDE MARQI'AND.
BERKELEY REALTY CO..
2147 CEXTEB ST.. BERKELEY.
«rrr for the money.
0 $2f>9 rash boys 2-«tcry colonial house, 7 room*;
larjre panelM dinir.«r-room: corner lot; al-
most new; price 52350; map; easy pay-
ment*. .
$2CW— f-plendid cottaire; c fine rooms, hall,
bath, basement, etc:; fine location; close
in.
|2<35O~2-fitory colonial house, 7 rooms, bath
and bascmrnt.
fc.3800 -Oot* to Dwight way; new colonial
house; 7 rooms and bath; finely finished;
. sunny exposure.
II. D. IRWIN, Lorin station.
FOUR lot?. 40x135 feet: no street work done:
very conveni* ntly located; fine view; city
water: orTcrod for 5 days at $U0O. or with
a G-room l.cus? $2100; part can remain if
oVslf-r-d with payments like rent. S. S.
" -QUA'.'KENBfFH. R*-al Estate. Insurance,
• Notary I'ubJic. 2171 Shattuck ave.. Berke-
\'l\ '.'ai.
X't'Tjfy— KJO hanraln; 8-roomed house; M feet
land; on Bsr.rroft way. faclnjr university
grounds : rpcak quick, or It will be gme.
|i75O— At»- of proand on Claremont ave.. near
• Russell ; fire tref j>.
CHE3CBT A- BERRY.
P. O Block, Berkeley Station.
AS THE SPRING APPROACHES IT BE-
<*OMES TIME TO UUILD. WB HAVK
NOMi: ELEGANT BUILDING SITES FROM
?fO0 UI'. *
Jl'STER & BAIRD.
2137 SHATTUCK AVK.. BERKELEY.
THE Wiieolor TractHthe~Nob nl " of Berkeley!
tieo the lots in this he:uJtlful tract; buy one
end live life Kltewj thi« portion of Berkeley
excels all other i*trts In wetjlc beauty and
<3e«ircbli;ty for a house; send for map and
prices.
W. 3 MORTIMER & CO.,
Phone Derby 1C0C. 2123 Center st.
IF ynu want a neat modern* home In beautiful
Berkeley for $100 or $200 ra?h and balance
In fmall rnonthlv payments call or write
«,«. FIUN ' r ' s FEPJUER Real Estate.
• Zin El^iuuck ave.. opp. BERKELET «tatioa.
PEn.SO.NALS. '
ABSOLUTELY free — Would you achieve busi-
ness and social success; Improva your talents;
gratify your ambitions; cure diseases and b-id
habits: and wield a wonJerful power and in-
fluence over others? If so. writs for cur free
book on personal magnetism, hypnottsm. nai-
n*tlc healing, etc.; the most wonderful bcx..ic I
Of the century: all secrets laid bare; you can
learn at home: success guaranteed. Address
American Collegs of Science*, Dept. D, Koch-
ester. N. T.
DON f T FAIL
To see the wonderful 'exhibition of the. treat-
ment for the removal of wrinkl?s by
MME. ELLA HARRIS.
at corner Stockton and OFarretl. this we^lt
. only. This method is the invention of Mm».
Ella Harris and is practiced by no one in.
this city bwt her. Of flee, 781 OFarrell st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores jrray hatr. im-
proves its growth. stops falllng.cures dandruff
and ttchltn? scalp; no stain or aticktne-j*;
cleanses scalp: at druggists*, hairdressers 1 ;
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1X19
Polk at. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦'
GRADUATES of New York School of Massag*."
- Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths; fac3
vibrating machine for rheumat^m; genuin«
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses, as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 4Ch> Geary.
"EPHPHATHO." the noted <drugless) Euro- .
pean specialist, has successfully treated ; 9
bom "deaf mutes" and over 20f> "totally"
deaf ears; circular: trial treatment. 417 -i
Pine (hours 2 to 5).
GENTLEMAN, of means, strang-r in city,
wishes the. acquaintance of working girl 'or
young widow; object matrimony: German or
Scandanavian preferred. Box 513. Call.
WANTED — Address of two men named Drohan.
who were as far East as New York* 1 a fev
years *xo and returned to California. Ad-
. dress THOMAS DROHAN. Brockton. Mass.
RAG carpents wove to order and for sala; also
chenille-wov« rugs, silk pcrtirres; dealer in
carp«t twine, tn bank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 70!) Fifth st.. Oakland.
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto ot
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
i PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant art..
corner Sutter st.; fe« moderate.
AT 3C0 Golden Gate ave.. cor. Hyde, laundry,
barber shop, cigars, tobaccos: newspapers for
sale: magazines to order: eh-wlng Rum; (rents'
suits cleaned, pressed: ladies' laundry speclty.
GENTLEMAN. 32. good position, seek* ac- r
qualntance of smart, good looking workin?
girl; object matrimony. Address box 913. Call.
AN honest, industrious young man would lik<»
to meet hone»t working girl or lady of
means; object matrimony. Box 635. Call.
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 ma ; ladies' nults mad»
to order; flm-class work: $10: with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 3S0 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugr dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk St.: consultation free: call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges:
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 907 Mar-
ket St., room 203; phone South 731.
AT lew than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor 721 Market St.
MALE surgical or medical nurse or masseur:
terms reasonable; residence 024 Bush. St.;
telephone Black 1553. _^
DANCING Tuesday". Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st.. near
8th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
FUL'L course In Professor Harraden's 1 hypnotic
lessons for $3, cost $10. Address box 677,
! Call office. _^
INFORMATION wanted of Thrs. Kane of Chi-
cago. ELLA KANE. 4&4 25th ft.. Chicago.
WHITE — Yours received; write often; don't
doubt me. BLACK^ -
UPHOLSTERING: furniture cleaned and var-
nished. UPHOLSTERER. 1114 Minna st.
MR3. Eaton, electric needle specialist. S6» Sut-
ter. i. C09. Miss Eaton. 2& Geary, room 33.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm. r»tr.ov«»dl
by electrolysis- Mrs. L. B. Johnson. 139 Post.
Bon Marche Pants Co.; special $3 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 18. 4O Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair * moles removed by elec-
trtc needle. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Buah and Pupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all drugjtUts'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th« reception
of advertisements and subscriptions baa been
opened »t 1008 Mark«t St.. opposit* Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
~ PALMISTRY.
THE ORIGINAL ROMANY GYPSIES, palm-
ists, card readers, clairvoyants, trance me-
diums; we guarantee to tell what you want
to know: we tell no fairy tailes. 2H5 Geary.
MME. DEVaS. acientlflc palmist and astroio-
glat; palm readings $1; Z questions by ex-
press. $1 ; open Tuesday eve. also. 1;;l» Post st.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 2ti Post; hours
1 to 5 daily. Phona James 1. Clares.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. SIS
Taylor »t. near Geary. Phone gtack 361.
PHOl'OSALS.
UNIVERSITY of California. B»rk«ley— Notlcs
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men:
Notice Is hereby given that sealed bids ara
solicited for performing the labor ami fur-
nishing the materials for the excavation and
foundation of the central power-house on tha
grounds of the University of California at
Berkeley. Cal.. and said bids will be received
at the office of the R'jents. South Hall,
Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock M. of Feb-
ruary 3. 1904. Plans and specifications for
said excavation and foundations have been
adopted and may be examined daily at offtva
of the Regents from 9 a. m. until I p. m.
No bids will be considered unless accompa-
nied by a certified check or bond of bidder.
In favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that,
if said bid be accepted, the bidder will- duly
enter into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obligations in accord-
ance with said bid and with the plans and
specifications which are hereby required to b<»
a part of such contract. The right to reject
any and all bids l« hereby reserved. By or-
der of the committee on grounds ami buUjJ-
Ings of the Board of Regents. V. H. HEN-
DERSON. Acting Secretary.
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley — Notice
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men —
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids ir»
solicited for performing tire labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the structural steel
and Iron work of California Hall on tha
grounds of the' University of California at
Berkeley. Cal.. and said bids will be re-
ceived at the office of the Regents. South
Hall. Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock- m. of
February 10, 1904. Plars and specification*
of said structural steel and iron work hav*
been adopted and may be examined dally ac
office of th-» Regents from 0 a. m. until 4
p. -m.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder
In favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (ID) per cent of his
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that.
if said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter Into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obligations In accord-
ance with raid bid and with the plans and
specifications which are hereby required to,
be a part of such contract. The right to re-
ject any and all bids Is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of tbe Beard of Regents. V. U.
HENDERSON. Secretary. t *. -, .. J . :
BIDS will be received until February 13. 1904.
for the drilling of an ell well within 5 miles
of Evanston. Wyo. ; plenty of water near by;
coal can be put at the - -ell at from $3 to $-'{ 50
'per ton:* the contractors to furnish everything
and m«st prosecute the work diligently day
and night until completed. Bidders will
make separate bids at so much per foot to
sink 10CO feet. 1500 feet and 2000 feet <1<m»d:
the size of the hole to be not less than ft^i
Inches at the bottom on completion. The
right Is reserved to reject any and all bids
if the price Is excessive. For further par-
ticulars write or call on the undersigned or
FRANK M- FOOTE. Evanston. Wyoming.
W. D. SANBORN, V trustee. 631 Market st.
LEO AL AD VERTIS EMENT3.
CENTRAL " PACIF?C V nRAlL^V^T^ColJpANY
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant to tha
provlMon of Article Eisht of the mort* *.,-¦»
from this Company to tha Central Trust Com.
pany of New York, Trustee, dated August 1,
1M»9. Ihis Company has set apart out of tl«
net Income derived by It from the Uses of
railroad therein mortcaged tha sum of Twen-
ty-five thousand dollars tn trust to be used
U- redeem *aul bonds, and that bonda issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there.
with and bids are hereby invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to be named by
. the bidders, to the amount requisite to ex-
haust said sum. Such bids should b« ore-
sentod to this Company at Ita office. 120
Broadway. ¦ in the City of New York, on or
before the 1st day of February. 1901. a*
twelve o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed
"Blda fqr Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY,
• By E. H. HARRIMAN. Presidezu.
Nrw York. January 2. 1004.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
¦ xacnta See Page Forty-Four,
BEKKELEY ADVEItT'S'M'NTS'
. : _ i
iu;nivi:i.r:v - real estate;
A FKW BARGAINS.
?1. 250— 4-room tottage; haff blnok of car line:
three block* r* rtation; street work all
done; fLMXj car'h. balance $13 per month, |
!n<-Iud:nj; int«ret-t at S ;>ei cent.
$2,425— 7-room Iiousp. nearly new; lot 50x140;
•trret work complete: half block of Tele-
Erai'h ave. cars and a .short distance of
Ftatlnn Iorated at 244S Ashby ave.;
terms if dcpircd.
$2.SOo— A beautiful H-rocm house and corner
1-H 50x100; street work complete; cars
paxsj door; only three blocks of Ashby
station, situate fit 2S2S Grove st.
$15.000— For a liuFinpFs Mock at Berkeley sta-
tion; tat alone is worth this price; prop-
erty is carnirs over $1200 per year;
come and Inspect.
Here is a chance that everybody lias
been looking for— a lot in the warm belt |
Ot the foothills; we have opened up a j
tmall tract; lots only ?70<t earh; come j
and inFr"*ot th^m; »»asy frmf.
MORAN & SWAIN,
2131 J^hattuok ave.,' opposite Berkeley Station.
(Successors to L. J. Moran & Co.)
BRAND new 5 r room cottages': latest style; :
sunny front; street work done; near Key |
Route; all kinds of houses from 4 to 12;
roorr.F: bargains in choice business and resi-
dence lots. JIURDOCK & CO.. S. Berkeley, j
1X850— HOUSE of 5 rooms, bath, etc.: only 3
Mocks frrm station; etreet work all done;
f;.jO0 — House of C rooms and bath; lot 40x
ISO; close to station ar.d car. lines; for a few
LITTLE** WOOLSEY, 2110 Shattuclc ave.
lXwtoX~~&~ALBEE. real estate, have for
ffile Berkeley homes, residences and husi-
ripss lots at lowest prices: choico investment
property, paying 6 to 10 p«r cent net: r p fer
to either bank in Berkeley. 213» Center st.. j
Berkeley. j
LOTS in North or Kast Berkeley where street |
w>rk Is donr-; near cars and university. Box
1011. Call office. Oakland^
BARGAINS — We buy, sell, exchange or build, j
Mt'RDOCK & CO.. Lorin Station. Berkeley. ;
FKUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
~ FKtITVALE HEAL ESTATE.
SNETSIXGKR & MATTESON,
1214 Fruitvale ave., Fruitvale, Cal.
$C0O— Store building: corner lot; 40 ft. front-
age; good location for small grocery.
$1450 — l-room cottajre; lot 15O ft. deep: three
blocks from station: 2 blocks from school;
modern; email payment down and $12 per
month.
$2100— 6-rwim cottage; large lot; near station,
school and electric cars; electricity, city
water, sewer, etc.; very easy terms to
right party.
$r>5O_ 3-room cottage:- lot 40x125; 1 block from
car line; new and modern; $10 30 per tno.
$1600— .Vroom cottage; lot 40x115; high base-
ment; city water: modern throughout; half
block from car line; easy terms.
$2500 — 5-room cottage; larpe lot: corner: fine
location; up to date in every respect; flow-
ers, berries, etc.
$1COO— 4-room cottage; lot 50xlC0; high base-
ment, city water, eewer, etc.; new; barn;
$150 down and balance as rent.
$150oL_4-room cottage; lot 37:6x134; excellent
location- half block from school; near sta-
tion; macadamized street, city water,
sewer, etc. ; small payment, balance $13 20
per month.
$3200— 5-room cottape; half block from car
line: lot 40xl.V>; barn, chicken yard?. ;
piReon cote, rabbitry. shrubs, flowers and I
lawn: a perfect home in every rrs*i>eet: j
Fmall amount down and balance can re-
main on mortgage; see this place. (
PON'T GIVE IT IF YOtT JXJN'T SEE
ANYTHING THAT SI.'ITP YOIT AilONG TUB j
ABOVE OR ANY OTHER AD. W.E WILL j
SELL YOU A LOT IN A FINE LOCATION. |
PLAN A HOUSE FOR YOU AFTER YOUR
OWN IDEAS AND BUILD IT FOR YOU AT i
A MO.^T REASONABLE FIGURE. IF YOU
HAVEN'T THE MONEY WELL GET IT
FOR YOU. WE GUARANTEE SATISFAC-
TION. •
SNETPINGER & MATTESON.
1214 Fruitvale ave., Fruitvale.
II. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale station.
$10rH>— Fine cottsutt? of a rooms and basement;
jr«»o»i w?wi"rage; city water; lot IK>xlOf>;
close -to the Fruitvale station; a big bar-
Rain and the best opportunity to secure a
home.
|123O— Coxy cottage of 4 rooms and bath; all
hard finished, brick foundation, etc.; lot
-37:«xl0o; sewered, fruit trees, chicken- •
house*, etc.: 2 blocks from local station;
easy terms if desired.
$1700 — One acre of best Raj-dc-n soil, with good
4-room cottage, chicken-houses, barn; all i
fenced and cross-fenced; spring water; !
choice place to ralee chickens; close to j
Fruit vale-ave. car line; terms- to suit j
purchaser.
$1<KX« — New modern 4-room cottage, basement, !
bath, barn, etc.; lot 50x175; in a beau- j
tlful location; 1 block from Frultvale- |
ave. car line.
$1200 — Modern 5-room cottage, hall, hath,
basement, etc.; lot 70x113; In a fine loca-
tion.
$2150— Extra fine «nd new modern cottage of
5 rooms, hath, large hall, mantel, sia- \
tlonary tubs and high basement; lot
37:t>xI00; only 2 blocks from Frultvale I
station: terms. ;
$900 — New cottage of 3 large rooms; closets; j
pantry: city water; lot 40x135; 1 block
from electric cars; can be bought on
your own terms.
$1250^ — Good 5-room cottage, bath, laundry,
barn; lot 5oxl5O; close to school and car
line. #
$1400 — Fine cottage of 4 large rooms and bath;
lot 33x100; a bargain; close to 23d-ave.
station.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale station.
CHAS. F. LEE Phone Vale 290.
Office i£ block From Frultvale Station.
$100 carh, balance $15 per month, for a- nice
3-room cottage; only two blocks to local train;
close to fine 6chool; street and sewer work
all done; lot 25x100: price all told $1000
$2<»0 cash; just finished; modern 4-room
and bath cottage; close to. local train, school
end electric cars; lot 35x125; price all told
$1400.
$300 cash, balance $15 €5 per month; nice
new bay-window cottage of 4 rooms; bath
pantry, etc.; close to local train, cars: flno
neighborhood; lot 38x125; price all told $150O
$100 cash, balance $10 month; %-acre fine
candy loam soil; running creek of jilce water-
fruit trees in bearing; fine shade trees; rustic
cottage of 3 rooms; chicken houses inclosed in
C-foot wire fence; grounds all surrounded by
a high 6- foot picket and board fence; cloeo
to street cars, school and depot; an admirable
place for a chicken ranch; price all told only
$TJ.v>.
$75 lots In the beautiful Rofia Lee tract; fine
poll: grand view; new homes rapidly going up:
no cold winds or wet fogs; and lots only $75
each- $."i down, balance $2 50 per month.
CHARLES F. LEE. ¦¦ .1222 Frultvale Avenue.
_____
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
The tf-rmlnus of fi-eent fare. Haywards cars;
streets gradod and graveled: stone sidewalks;
depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200; $20 caah
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train; beet located property on San Leandro
road- praded school on tract. Apply to S S.
AUSTIN 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
FOR sale — A new 5-room cottage; lot 35x150;
gas, electricity, porcelain bath, mantel and
grate; will, sell cheap. 1807 Bray ave..
Frultvale.
5-ROOM cottase. hall, stable, fine well, out-
hooses: lot 100x125; rent $10 per month.
Slit J"ilb»rt St.. Fan Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ATTENTION.
, BUSINESS MEN!!
DO YOU WANT A HOME IN THI" BEAU-
TIFUL PIEDMONT DISTRICT. WITHIN A
FEW BLOCKS OF THE NEW CROSSTOWN
KEY ROUTE KLECTRIC TRAIN? THIR-
TY-FIVK MINUTES FROM KAN FRANCIS-
CO. WE ARK OFFERING SOME BAR-
GAINS TO ADVERTISE THIS BEAUTIFUL
DISTRICT. SEND OR CALL FOR A LIST
OF THESE BARGAINS AT ONCE. AS THEY
WILL BE SNAPPED UP SOON.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
! 1052 Broadway,
':' -~ *' Oakland, Cal.
$S00 cash. $12 monthly: cottage of 6 rooms and
bath,- wasn tubs, etc., nice basement, good
• barn," chicken house, run, etc.: S lots. 200x
100; all fenced and on corner of graded
btreets; land all »<-t In email berry fruits of
raro Imported quality; sandy loam soil;- no
irrigation needed; away from iogs and
winds*: near a fine 3-stpry grammar school;
an Ideal linme. near the foothills; #hort dis-
tance to main line of cars; .adjoining .East
Oakland: place settling- up .rapidly; price in,
all. $2500; call' or eend for circular. 453
Seventh St., opp. Broadway station, ¦• Oak-
land - carriage ¦ free, H. Z. JONES, owner.
. . - - . ¦
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
MILL VALLEY— Fine cottage, 0 rooms, bath;
furnished; modern Improvements; electric
llRhts; corner lot, 100x120; fine view Mount
Tamalpais, surrounding country. Owner,
box 162. Mill Valley.
money to loa.v'
aaX^he^ma^Tmurphy^
1 .- , .601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates; secend" mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in' property purchased. • ""
•' Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money .
.See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount en -
¦ ¦< • . 1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or .
Chattels, in city, town
.y or country. " ¦ .
Low rate of Interest. • .'.' '
Give, full particulars
- of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408, Call office.
MONET loaned to salarl^l people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY rerpectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
S48 Market; td. Main 1614. Branch, 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or p!ano;-ffo remov-
- al. no commission, no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low -interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious Btones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. -10 Sixth st. ;
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave.,
! • LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
j NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
i dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
i Company, rooms 48-40, Chronicle bldg. •
i TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. 8. F.,
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture 'and pianos; strict
privacy; no commlsslon;lnstallments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; easy payments; no commission'.
1170 Market fct.. room 68.
MONEY loaned: reasonable rates. NORTON
CO.. 708 -Market at., room 207.- ¦
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 533 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent -on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bids.. 708 Market «t.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming- loans money to
salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people en notes without
indorter. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
~~~ MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— $5000 for home Industry; large re-
turns guaranteed. Box 573, Call office.
ALL~UPRIGHTS^ -"•~ w <-~~
Kimball. fancy walnut ............' $30
Collard $37
Stelnway $54
Henry Hertz $78
Occidental $82
J. AC. Fischer ...$99
8 Emersons. walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, same as new, each $187
Colby, cannot be told from new $235
Chickerlng $187
2 Steinways. targe and small size, al-
- mcBt new $195-$325
\ Heine. $475 style, slightly used .$283
. And 200 others.
All pianos sold are guaranteed not to be de-
; fectlve. Examine this list. We have never
had such a • great variety at so low a price.
Rents. $2 up; installments. $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.
A FINE lot of bargains In second-hand pianos,
including such makes aa Stelnway, Hatnes
Bros.. Knabe, Baas, Foster, Weber, Star,
Man-hall & Wendell. Sterling and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 CFar-
rell St.: no branches in San Francisco.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1636 Market st.
FOR privilege of slight use, family of 3 adults
will store and Insure piano; best of care.
Box 618. Call office.
NEW pianos sold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITZ A. CO.. 16 McAllister «t-
REGINA music box for sale, cheap. Corner o^
Thirteenth and Market sts.
A FISCHER upright piano (or sale; good aj
new; $135.- 237 Geary st.
$65 — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany: nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister «t-
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedaI Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.2&5 CFarrell.
BOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. ii7
MULLER. maker repairer. 2 Latham place.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALES.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-107 Fremont st.
TRY ASBESTOS roof paint and be convinced
that It is the only paint that will stop all
leaks In any roof, either metal or shingle; it
is also the best preservative paint for all new
metal and shingle roofs, and makes the roof
last over twice as long than painted wlta
any other paints; It has no equal. Office, Hi
California St., room 21; telephone James 3716.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK 7
Repair It with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating: good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
AUTOMATIC car coupler patent for sale;
don't fall to investigate if Interested; high-
est bidder exceeding $1000 will buy the U. S.
patent. Address MILES C. PRIDDY. 114
W. First St.. Loa Angeles'. Cal. .'
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pump*,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. - bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st
SLOT machine, $30; Vrctor talking- machine,
large size, $15; large Regina music box, wltr
25 discs, ?35; one saloon bar cheap. 15W
Seventh St., 'Oakland.
A— Fine suits. $7 50: dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A— Buys, cells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
«tc. TYHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
A LARGE Columbia disc graphophene and 2'i
10-lnch records, almost new; will sell cheap.
Box 0«7, Call office. - . .
A FINE selection of trunks, suit cases anc
tailor-made suits sold on email weekly pay
ments. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 25 Stockton
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Franclaco.
ALTERATION eale — Best $2 60 -ats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st. near
Pine; open to tip, m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoeB at $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
A FINE coupe. 1011 Sutter st.
A WHITE automobile. 1011 Sutter st.
FOR sale — Three Berlin coaches, new and up
to-rtate. Call or address J. W-. RICKLEY
224 San Pablo ave., Oakland. '
AUTOMATIC sewing machine; ' Domestic
White, Latcher, Singer. 2244 Mission at.
near Eighteenth.
3%c ROLL and up; fine wail paper: sample:
.mailed: painting, tinting, papering. M. MER
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 132L
EVERYTHING in machinery or merchandise
trade catalogue: free, library. The Crosslej
bldg.. 85 New Montgomery, next Grand Hotel
FOR sale — One skeleton folding bed, top mat
tress and portier curtains; almost new; prlc
$12. .Call Monday. 8 to 12 a. m.,.830 Mission
I SLOT machines — Deweys, Chicagos; Twentietl
j Centuries. 2-btt machines; S30.up. ¦ Kuruk;
' Novelty Co., 1508 Seventh St.; Oakland. .
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged.' T. D
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission;. tel. Bush 167
J FOR sale— Baby carriage. 1350 Jackson st.
! NATIONAL cash register; good as new; cheap
801 Turk st...
FOR ' sale— Collection of rare^old coins. 92
i Howard St.. In store.
I _ _ —
HEWALD'S furniture polish: for sale at store
• 1S10 Market St., bet. Van Ness and Franklin
! $20; NEW style Singer sewing machine, dro
I head; also Domestic. 1915 Mission, nr. ir>tt
FINE Fetaluma Incubators, bed lounge, stov
for sale. 1837 Union st. - . ,
WOOD, .coal, feed for -'sale.. 1852"-SIxteentl
ave. south. Phone Butchertown 58.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
ii ' OAKLAND REAL-: ESTATE. ¦ ¦
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Established 20 Years.
460 and 462 Kishth St.. Oakland. Cal.
••- CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
$90,000— Fine modern central business block, .
paying 6 per cent net; splendid future.
$26,000 — Rents $3200 per annum; nne corner of
10 modern central flats. •
$18,000 — Choice 3-story business block; leased
• to one tenant at 7 per cent net.
$20,000 — San Pablo awe., unimproved corner
lot worth $25,000; .coming property.
$18,000 — San Pablo ave.. unimproved lot, bar-
gain; eoecial chance on this street.
$10,000— Near Santa Fe Railroad terminus, fine
modern buildings; cost more to con-
struct; estate sacrifice.
RESIDENCES.
$25,000 — Magnificent mansion costing over $55,-
000; estate sacrifice; offer considered.
$16,500 — Vernon Heights,. Piedmont; same as
• new; crandly,, situated; specially • con-
structed for owner. ;
$1.">,000 — Fruitvale ave.; 4 acres finely Improved
residence and erounds.
$16,000 — 14 acres east of Frultvale, with resi-
dence; fine for subdivision.'
$10,500— Cost $10,000; extra fine bargain; hand-
some 12-room corner home; close in.
S7 500 liank authorizes ue> to sell,' which
' they loaned $10,000 on; splendid 10-room
house; corner; elevated lot, 150x140; fine
view; just across Lake Merrltt in East
Oakland: walking distance to Broadway;
! fine chance for one who wants terms;
fee us. ...
$6,7S0 — Finest bargain in market; 10-room
modern colonial corner; 100x150; cost
$12,500.
«,7 ( 000 — Lodging-house residence, 14 rooms;
close in; home free; income $77 month.
$5,000 — Eighth and Linden; that beautiful 7-
room cottase so much admired Just se-
cured for tale.
A SACRIFICE.
$4,000 — Magnificent home, 10 rooms and bath;
terraced lot, 75x100; southeast -exposure;
fully appointed; house co9t more.
$3,850 — Large cottage, S rooms and bath;
sunny corner lot. 70x100; • near locals
and car lines; offer wanted..
$3,250— Modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
lot 50x150: land worth $40 foot; near
locals.
$3,200 — New modern house, 6 rooms and bath;
lot 30x100; swell front; 2 toilets; combi-
nation fixtures; Grove and 32d; terms.
$2,700 — New bay-window cottage, 6 rooms and
bath; 30 ft. frontage; between Grove
and Telegraph aye.; terms.
$3,850— Acreage; snap' bargain; 3% acres;
fronts electric road; fine store, and flat
upstairs; insurance $2500; flat mort-
gage $2100; will subdivide into 36 lots;
see at once.
?2,l. r .O — San Pablo; cheap cottage on a 25-
fcot business lot; bank mortgage $1000;
must sell.
$3,100 — Never occupied; 8-room modern colo-
nial; 38th and Telegraph; terms.
$1,600— Cottage, 4 rooms, bathi large lot, 90x
168: neax new ferry.
$1,350 — West Oakland cottage. 4 rooms,
bath, gas, tubs; easy terms. '
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., \
400-462 Eighth st., Oakland. \
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT Inc
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAND, CAL.
$1600 — Very Neat Cottage.
5 rooms and bath; sunny; close to Tele-graph
ave. and crosstown quick service to San Fran-
cisco; only $tKX) cash, balance bank mortgage.
$2750 A BUNGALOW COTTAGE $2750
Five rooms; reception hall connecting
dining-room and parlor; cozy window seats;
fine mantel, bookcase and china closet;, gas and
electric lighting; open plumbing; porcelain
bath: nickel trimmings; medicine ¦ chest and
every up-to-date feature for comfort; must be
seen to annreclate it» good value; close to
Telegraph avenue; lot 37:6x115; see photo and
I'luns at office. ,
M. A. B. . • I
f 1000. $4000 I
Two fine flats of 5 and 7 rooms each ; mod- !
ern in every particular; close to schools, local
train and business center; lot 37:6x100;" rented
for $40 per month to Al tenants.
?l'">00. "' " $4500
An eight-room residence on Webster street;
modern plumbing; gas and electric lighting;
lot 45-foot frontage: not a new house, but If
It were so, would cost $7000 to duplicate;
property worth your Immedlatae attention if
you want a home.
BEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA RESIDENCE.
Beautiful home; 8 large rooms and bath; all
modern conveniences; oak hall and etalrway;
art glass windows; hot air furnaces; full base-
ment, cement floor; plate glass windows; lot
55x145; choicest residence location in Alamerfa;
owing to owner's removal will sell at great
sacrifice; favorable- terms can bo arranged;
bargain: cost $1)250: offer vaotpii. •
h. r. b.-i
$21,000 . $21,000
Eight flno new flats; thoroughly up-to-date
in every feature of construction and for com-
fort: on sunny corner; fine class of tenants;
$2358 per annum; terms can bo arranged to
tult.
94 and W.
HOLCOMB. BREED * BANCROFT Inc
1000 BROADWAY. OAKLAND, CAL.
WILLIAM- P. TODD. 1070 Broadway
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1400— 2-story 7-room house: lot 25x100* in
good location: if repaired a little would
easily rent for $15 per month; on north
side of street; near San Pablo ave.
$2000— A neat 6-room cottage; high basement;
sunny side of street; lot fiOxlOO; near
.o«« Grov «- St - power-house; see photo at office.
$..000— Fine 5-room cottage on Grove st.; lot
3.1x110; modern and neat; see photo at
office: 3 minutes' walk to- "Key Route."
$3450 — Flno new 7-room home on 36th St.; lot
37:fixll5: cement walks, electric lights
and, in fact, modern throughout.
$9000 — A beautiful 12-room home; cement cel-
¦ lar and large attic; main floor finished in
solid oak; 3 fine mantels: modern Im-
provements; fine large grounds, containing
fruit treep, flowers and lawn; lot 100x140:
bet. Telegraph ave. and Grove St.; too
large for present owner; see photo at of-
fice; owner may take smaller place if in
good location for part payment.
WILLIAM P. TODD. 1070 Broadway.
OAKLAND, CAL.
ALL NEW MODERN HOUSES.
$1600 — A little gem; 4 rooms, bath, laundry,
boiler; 40x90; north side; 6 minutes to
local Btation.- ;
$2300— Fine r>-room cottose; north side; close
to Grove st.; bargain.
$2750^-Two latest style; bungalow design; in
the Piedmont section; fine places.
$2.1&0 — New two-story house, close to Golden
Gate station; owner must have money;
rents for $25 month; worth $3000; term«
• to suit.
$3100— Two-sfory house on 37th St., short dis-
tance from West; good lot. "
$3*00— For immediate sale; 2-story house of 7
rooms: very fine location; on Oakland
Heights; this Is a bargain.
THESE ARE ONLY SAMPLES.
JAS. S. NAISMITH,
531 Thirteenth st.
ONLY $1850— The choicest lot on Telegraph
ave-.,- bet. 27th and 32d sts. ; 40 feeffront;
sunny side of the Etreet; .above grade, etrt;
can't "be beat for the price,
M. ,L. WURTS. 17th and Broadway.
$1375 — COZY cottage; 4 rooms and bath; sunny
side street: easy walk to Fourteenth street
and Broadway: a snap and easy pay-
ments. ALSO
$1500 — A 5 and 6-room flat; rented $47 50; only
3 blocks to Broadway and a bargain.
THE ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
$C500— A FINE house In Lakeside district; thor-
oughly modern and up-to-date In every '
particular: ..0 rooms and bath; 5 blocks
from the business center: 4 blocks from
the new nostofnee; price reduced from
$8000 to $15500; must be sold.
C. K. MARSHALL, 1118 Broadway.
~~" "FOR RENT OR FOR SALE.
¦ S rooms; Central ave.; ?30.
10 rooms: Central ave.; $35.
5 rooms'; modern cottace; $18. '
S rooms; furnished; $25. - ¦ '
• 0 rooms; $30; new.
Whatever you want we have.'
¦ ' W. K. CONGER & CO., 1501 Park st.
A \ SPECIAL bargain— A fine .7-room cottage,
near the Key route;, lot- 50x127; all street
work done; easy- terms; only $2750. Also a
tine 4-room cottage, with bath, etc., only
. $1050. P. C. LASSEN & CO.," 468 Tenth St..
Oakland,' Cal. ¦
BARGAINS in Piedmont residence lots, lnclud.
I Ing all kinds of flowers and shrubbery; will
; build to gult. Box sr>4. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
ELEGANT- home of 12 rooms, carpeted, cen-
trally located, near trains. • \ . > ~
We issue a big catalogue of vacant houses
every Monday; call or send for It. t GEO.
AV. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKUM) FURJilTUKE FOR SALE
TO-MORROW the day for bargains. In furni-
ture. H. Sthfilhaas.llth st., cor.store, Oakland.the san. Francisco; caliv, Sunday, jAnuary 24, 190^.
44
CHrBCH SERVICES.
CALVARY FrMbvterian Church. Wj£«*f2?
and Fillmore sts.— Kev. John HemphllU l>.
1) rastor. Mornlnc eervice at 11 0 clock,
topic. "Vislor.s of the Dnsee* Amid
the Seen." Evening service at « -^» <*?£*.•
Ff-rmon tocje. "Benefits of Church Meniber-
•¦hip." The pastor will preach at both «r-
vlr£s. E&bbath school «t »:3O ». "_1^
chePtral music. Christian Endeavor m «f " n * ,
-I 6:13 p. ra. Prayer meeting Wednesday
w-nlnr at 8 o'clock. All sre cordlall>
invited. _____—— —
WESTMINSTEIt Presbyterian Church «>rn* r
TVeb»ter and Page »ts.: Hayes. Halght and
Fillmore et. car* hnndy— Sermon at 11 a- m
r. T Rev. Herbert K. Hayes, theme. "Tbe
Christian's Birth," John 3-vi; ¦* e «?2&*~*
theme. "Tnir*. That Make the Chli**"
. Grow," Psalm W-xill. Sunday school at ».4o
a m. Christian Endeavor at 6:45. *;¦»>*•¦-
meeting every Wednesday evening. All Jn-
vlted ana welcomed. Seats free.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Nes» ave
«nd Sacramento 6 t.; R*v. William K.rk
Guthrie, pastor-Services at 11 a m and
7:30 p m. The pastor wm preach at both
servic«. Sabbath school. 12:30 p. m. Christ-
ian Endeavor. 5:15 p. m. and 6:15 p. m.
Wednesday 8 p. m.. midweek *ervlce. leader.
Mr. Gutbrie. subject. "India.' All are cor-
dlally Invited. ;
FIRST Con— egadonal Church, corner Post and
Mascn sts.— Rev. George C. Adarcs. D.D.,
pastor will preach at both services. At 11
a m. tcpic, "The Beginning of Sin. At
7 45 a. m the monthly service of song;
apodal music: Samuel D. Mayer, organist
• no mu«lo director: address by the pastor,
topic. 'The Bplrtt Is Willing, but the Flesb
la weak." All are cordially Invited.
THIRD Congregational Church, Fifteenth st.
near Mlsaion— Rev. "TUMam Rader. pastor,
—ill preach at both sen-Ices; 11 a. m... "The
Beatituae of Old Ac« "; 7:30 p. m.. "Jerome,
the Scholar Monk." First in seriea on the
•volution of the book o* blood. The sermon
will have a prelude on a matter of local ln-
tere-t. .
PLYMOTJTH Congregational Church. Poet *-.
Bear Webster— Rev. I. C. Meserve, D. D..
j_tor. Morning worship at 11; sermon
tneme, "Joy and Comfort In Generous Giv-
ing." Brenlng worship at 7:45: sermon
them*. "Trent Tlir-cueix I^oss — What to
Throw Away to Become a Christian." Sun-
Ciy tchool at » :«0 a. m. C. E. meeting at
€:45 p. rn.
UlsTTARIAN Church (First), S.W. cor. Geary
and FranUtn «t». — Her. Bradford Leavitt.
minister. Charles A. Murdock and Rev. 1
O:ri«tor.fcer Huet-s. suets, cf Sunday school. |
Junior church and Sunday school are at 10
o'clock. Sunday eervice is at 11 o'clock.
Mr. Leavitt will preach; subject, "The Let-
ter and t je Spirit " Parents may leave
children In the kindergarten room during
eervice. Music by quartet, under direction
of H. Bretherick. organist. All are cordially
invited.
UNITARIAN Cnurrh (Second.), corner Twen- ¦
tieth and Capp sts. iTa.ke Mission or Va-
lencia street car.) The Rev. Jay William
Hudson, minister; residence, 5>*i Capp st.
The Sunday school meets at 9:43 o'clock: i
W. C. Max-tell, superintendent. At the
morning -ervice. at 11 o'clock, the Rev. Jay |
William HuOfon will preach: subject, i
"Christ's Life cr Christ's Death?" Music by J
Jabish Clement. All the seats are free. No
evening service.
SIMPSON Memorial M. E. Church, corner j
Hayes and Buchanan els. Rev. John Steph- j
*n*. pastor — Public worship at 11 a. m. And
7:30 p. m. Sunday school at 12:30 p. m., j
C. B. Perkins superintendent. EpwortU j
I>-a*rue at ti::W p. m.. Ur.'Il. O. Moody I
dent. The i>a?Tor will preach at both ter- j
vices to-flay. Music by chorus under the
direction of I. E. Blake. Seats free. All in- *
v;ted. J
CFNTRAL M. E. Church, Mission ft., between ;
Sixth and Seventh — At the morning- service i
the uasior. Dr. Geo. V.'. White, will speak, i
The Sunday school, Rol'.a V. Watt superin-
tendent, meets at 12:*5. The . Young Peo-
ple's meetings are at «>:1j. Sacred concert J
from T:3y to S. At 8 Dr. Mark Guy Pearse
of London, England, wiil preach.
TRINITY Church, corner Hut-h and Gough j
• Ft?. — Rev. Frederick W. Clampett. D. D.. |
rector. Holy fommunion. 7 :'V) a. m. Sun- \
da.y-schr>ol. «:3t» a. m. Morning service. 11 ;
a. m. Ever.iiig prayer, 8 o'clock. The rector ;
will preach at both services.
•FIP.ST Bapttst Church. Kddy Ft.. n«ar Jones—
Hev. Thomas Baldwin. I». I>. At 11 a. m. j
pennon topic, "The Prodiiral Son." Bible !
1H :'M p. m. Christian Kndeavor •
'meetings. «::«• p. ni. At 7:-'W p. m. twrmon :
*opi<\ ?*Tbe *~iory of Gideon/' Prayer meet- '¦
ing Wednesday. 7:45 i>. ni. All are invited
to these services. Seats free.
F1HST Church of Christ, Scientist. Centra! i
ifclock. 22.'$ Futter Ct£ bet. Kearny and Grant i
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m. ; j
mbject fit teason seimon. ••Love." Sunday .
school for i-iiildren at the -.ame hour: Wed- I
ne*day evening niertir.g at ts o'clock: lree \
ie«dir.g-room. 2<*i Keainy et., rooms 509-51O. ;
AH e re welcome. j
THK I'ec;-ile*i< Church meets every Sunday '
evening in Elks' Hall, ZX Sutter St., at 8 i
«' clock. Bsbject this eveninff, "The Law of ¦
Spirit Control." Pastor Mrs. Anna L. Gil- '
lespie. IK'l OTarrcll st. - j
BPIRITI'AL interpretation of life as revealed j
In music, oratorj", literature and art.
Tfca£deus*S. Fritz
or
Forward Movement.
Thursday evening Jan. 2k, at ZW Van Ness |
KVC. - •
>. GREAT union mass-m«-etlr.s for men only '
w;ii be. held at the Younjr tlen'a Christian j
Association Auditorium, Mascn and Ellis J
Fts. this i Sunday) afternoon at .'» o'clock.
Address by Frank S. Kord on "Ratification. '
The KntdBertKM ker male Quartet will sing.
I All men invited to attend.
PECUt> Gospel meeting at the hall. No. 17 j
City Hall Square, near MaiUct st Sunday j
•\ening at 7:45; open air meeting at 7:30. !
H. A. Ironside, evangelist; all welcome; '
seats free.
UK Theosiphical Society, Colonel H. S. Ol- I
cctt. I'resident-founder. headquarters Acad- •
emy of Science?; huildinc. BUI Market fct. — j
Public lecture at 8 p. m. by Mr. Thomas
Prime of linden, England, subject, "The- }
oacphjr and Spiritualifra." Lotus proup, 11:20 i
a. m. Stodjr i!a*?. Thurtday. '2:M p. m.
HE Theosophical Society. Gcl^en Gate Lodge I
— Free public lectures every Sunday. 8 p. m.,
FifKyl building:. SO9 Market St.: subject to-
nighf "Our Divir." Ancestors," continued
by Mr. W. I,. Ducey.
SLXDAY LECTURES^
DR. JOHN A. KEnGA7r<f7ree~lecture thiis
ntUBft Crystal Mall. Pythian Castle, OOfl j
Market st. ; tubioct, "Electricity in Disease." |
followed l>y viens of a tour of the Yellow- j
? torn-; free tickets wi!l lu» distributed for
X-ray exhibition at sanitarium, Tuesday j
evening: remember the auestion box; epe- |
rial music. ¦ :
"NOW lecture. Henry Harrison Brown: »ub- I
Ject. "Telepathy in Business"; fourth lecture j
on trlepath:.-; those not atf>r.dins them are ;
*urcly mlssins bomcthing good: the speaker I
will tell of thought power in business euc-
c-fk: Rp. m.; free. i\ith collection. Memorial
Hall. Odd Ftl'.ow* 1 buildinc
THOMAS PAIN celebration, Scottish Hall. 107 t
Larkin st.. Friday evening. -Tan. 29, at 7:30 j
sharp: doorr op>ti at 7; music, vocal solo*.
violin <3u«. and Kddresses by Mrs. Ti. S.
Llilie. A. M. Ix-wis, G. B. Bcaham and Dr.
I. L. York; free; all invited. ¦
AMI TRIGUNATITA will deliver Ills
nurth lecture en "Th" Mind." to-night, 8
. in. 40 Steiner 5t.; admission 25c; Vedanta
oriety.
OGRESSIVE Spiritualist* to-night. Odd
'ellow*' buildinir. 7th and Market tne. Mrs.
«i. S. LUlie. epeakpr; free.
SIXDAV. • ~
P: J. COLVILLE lecture* In Flood bldg.. !
Market and Fourth *w., 3 p. m.; In Loring |
Hall. Eleventh and Clay sts... Oakland. 7:30 1
• p. m.: eubject. "The Mission of Elijah and
the Coramr of Messiah." Farewell lectures
In mr.tr hall, fc'an Francisco, Tuesday at 3
end S p. m.; in Oakland. Monday 'and Wed-
nesday. 3 p. m.; final evening. Monday, 8. ;
ATTENTION— Prof. Fred P. Evans, the fa- I
moug psychic for slatewriting and clalrvoy- I
«nc, has been so busily engaged that he '
suggests to intended visitors to make en-
casements in advance In order to prevent
<5isarpe!ntrn«it in securing an interview.
Of (Ice 1112 Eddy et.
IIB8J ELIZABETH DEUnESS. from the Lot
AncPles School of Metaphysics, will hold an
open Question meeting in the East Parlor,
'ioldcn Gate Hall, every Sunday eveninc at
6 o'clock tharp. All these interested are
invited.
¦ -. — — •_— —. __^^ —^____ Mm—
MME. HEELHT'S tests; lecture bv Dr. H.
t Brooks. "The Action cf the Planets en Hu-
man Life"; he.ilinc hy both; music Mrs
Kunz; 10c. Odd Fellows' bid*.. 8 p. m.
VESA MORROW L^WIP. Odd Fellows' bide
.th and Market e'.r.: H p. m. to-ni*hti B ub-
•iT'e' man ard the Clmrch ": admission
AT Master Aoerts. 1229 Market «t.. test circle
. £un.. Tu^.. Thuns.. Fri. eve.. 10c. People
get mor- than nome meetings Eive for f I.
ALL t-kepti.-* invited to witness Mme. Young's
r»nuir,e spirit menage* to-nl E ht. 10e. ol'J
M-A'.HkUt; Mrs. Seal lectures; readings daily.
Friendship Hall. .r» McAllister; tests to all
lOcf readings daily. Mrs. Meyer and otheo!
MRS. IIAHLAND'S rircle tc-n'cht; evenmes
except Monday; 3<V: read.. f.<V\ $j. 34s «th.
TV'. G. KEEOAN holds test s»anc-s every night
escept Pat., 10c; sit. 10 4<t .'». HS Sixth «.
MRS. nBEJlHARDT. test meeting. If*. 32.%o
Twcnty-eecond St., bet. Valencia and Mission.
BUSINESS CllAKCKS--T^yMt_l-_i___
A— STATIONERY store: $1500; will Invoice;
clears over $100 ; month. Commercial Ex-
change. •
A— OFFICE business; half Interest. $500; clears
you $1800 yearly. . Commercial Exchange, 20
Montgomery st. ¦ •
A — RESTAURANT; $250; guarantee $100 mo.
profit. Commercial Exchange, 20 Montgom-
ery St., suite 8. -•
A— EXPRESS business; half Interest, $1600; 10
/horses; part cash. Commercial Exchange,
20 Montgomery st.
A — CIGAR store (Stockton): clears $150 month:
$1500; excellent opportunity. Commercial
Exchange, 20 .Montgomery st. • .
A— PHOTO studio; ?350; excellent location;
| cheap at $700; inspect. Commercial Ex-
change, 20 Montgomery st. » . .
A. .„ . THE RELIABLE AGENTS - • A
KREDO & CO 765 MARKET ST.
• • ESTABLISHED 15 TEARS.. .......
$800 — Saloon, near Market; rare chance.
$25."O— Hotel and" restaurant; near city.
, -$1500 — Bakery; owner retiring; old age.
j -.$5000— Hotel and bar, with; 3-acrc orchard.
$900 — Grocery and bar; worth $1500.
A — $1650— RESTAURANT, bakery and delica-
tessen; receipts $35 daily; 3 furnished rooms.
KREDO & CO. •
NOTICE— We have big list of business oppor-
tunities of all kinds. KREDO & CO.. 765
Market «t. •
THE PACIFIC BUSINESS ASSOCIATION.
I ., 1148 Market, buys real estate and has
real ' eetato and businesses for ' sale.
FOR -ale — Complete dyeing and cleaning works;
good location. Box 2800, Call office.
VERY low figure; .well stocked, good paying
cor. bazaar; must be sold. 1600 Devlsadero.
LODG1AG-UOV5KS KO.1 MALK.
A. CAMERON &. CO.. Phone South 1080.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
TOG-room modern family hotel; swell, loca-
tion; first-class trade; ocean Datha; everything
up to date; clearing $1200 per month; will be
sacrificed for one-third less than cost to fur-
nish; obliged to leave February 1; price $15,-
000.
20 rooms: rent $75; 2 years' lease: good per-
manent and transient house; price $1200.
44 rooms; rent only $125; 5 years' lease: run-
ning . water; everything in good condition;
clears $125 to $150 per month; price $2S0O.-
19 rooms; corner; rent $95; oak furniturs:
good carpets; hair mattresses; part cash, bal-
ance on tlane^
68 rooms; rent $250; 2 years' lease: well fur-
nished thrcughout; close in; first-class board-
ing-house; clearing $250 per qponth.
5 rooms and bath; rent $18; water free; new,
modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
220 rooms; grand, new; modern- apartment-
house; elegantly furnished: -swell location;
clearing SiOO to $600 per month; golden oppor-
tunity.
30 rooms; rent $95; fine location; all or^s":
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
125 rooms: first-class downtown house; 6-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
fin* commercial business; reduced; see this.
' 47 rooms; rent $125; good lease; fine location;
some apartments always full; clears $200.
116 rooms; new, elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house; one of the swellest in city; clear-
ing $5G0 to $600 month; splendid opportunity.
7-room. new; modern flat': $450 cash, balance
on installments; Income $45; price $550. .
24 rooms;' rent $140; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close In; always full.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing .$400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
"rooms; golden oak fur.; Moquet carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer.
50 rooms; rent only $200; downtown house;
always full: clearing S200 to $300 month; new-
ly renovated and in fine condition..
15 rooms: Van Ness ave.; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain If taken at once.
SS rooms; bontcn location; elegant building;
luxuriously furnished: all modern conveniences;
grand entrance and halls; strictly up to date;
called East by sickness.
12 rooms: Post: oak furniture: Brussels car-
pets: clears $50: $:JOO cash, balance on install-
ments; price 5800.
50 room*; new and elegant bulldlnc; fur-
nished beautifully and up to date; hot and
cold water every room; $4000 cash necessary.
7 rooms: rent $38: modern house : new furni-
ture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house: fine furniture; hair mattresses;
clearlns over $200 month; price $1000.
24 rooms; rent only $136: first-class condi-
tion: oak. mahogany, blrdseye maple furni-
ture: extra fine caroets: clears $70; price
$2000; half cash, balance 1>4 per cent.
10 rooms; rent $50; close in; oak. blrdseye
maple fur.: fine carpets: elegant little transient
house; clears $125; part cash; price $600.
15 rooms; Van Ness ave.: rent $85; oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200; al-
most new.
SC rooms: cheap rent; furnished last June;
oak furniture: Brussels carpets; clears over
$250 per month; half cash, balance 1 per cent;
owner sick In bed.
50 rooms; Bush; rent only $162: rood furni-
ture, carpets; clearing over' $200 per. month:
only 14 rooms to take care of. balance do own
work; a snap.
31 rooms: rent $110; fur., carpets new; clear-
over $100 per i" 0 -: 2 v «ars' lease; wife sick In
hospital; part cash; $1500.
10 rooms; rent $45: new carpets; newly pa-
pered and painted; clears $30;. $450 cash, bal-
ance time. .
5 rooms: Geary: rent $20: fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200.
12 rooms; rent $60; oak and mahogany fur.:
good carpets: fine yard and garden In rear;
brings in $60: leaves balance; landlady; price
$900.
6 rooms; rent $35: oak fur., Brussels carpets:
S rooms rented for $28; price $300. :
"20' rooms: rent only $35; good fur, and car-
pets: clearing $75; cwner there 7 years; full;
sickness: $600. •" "
,17 rooms: "rent $60: oak fur., good carpets:
clearing $70; mtg. $700 can stand ;reduced $1050.
20 rooms: rent only $100; downtown: perma-
nent roomers; clears $00 per mo.; going East;
$2100. . ; '
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO J
Thone Black 6901. 777ti Market st.
Bank References — —
Any House Sold on Easy Terms.
Grand Geary-st. flat, 8 rooms; rent $42 €0;
$600; easy terms.
Sunny corner— Eddy-st. flat, 8 rooms; ele-
gantly furnished: price $650; see this. %
20 sunny, rooms: modern; elegantly fur-
nished -.swell location; reduced to $2100; sick-
ness cause;. . ' . . . . -h r Cyi%
53-room apartment-house: sunny corner; ele-
vator;- good lease; low rent; price $4200; bar-
gain, v* , - \ .
45 rooms: 29 newly furnished: long lease at
$85 rent: price $1500; make offer.- 1 v.->-^-'>:
-5 60 rooms; fine ¦ transient house; liquor
license; 2 entrances: trade for real estate. .
14 reoms; north of Market; rent $60; $650.
31 rooms; close to Market; snap; rent; lease;
reduced to $2400; bargain.
5 Attention, buyers— We have here the most
exclusive list in this city of the new and mod-
ern rooming and apartment houses.- hotels and
flats not advertised: call on us before buying;
we have your ideal. CALIFORNIA INVEST-
MENT CO.. 777 'i Market st. ft
A— JOS SKIRM, 6 EDDY. ST.. ST. ANN'S
BUILDING: PHONE GREEN 6.11.
"SPECIAL BARGAINS. .
20 rooms; POLK ST. ; sunny corner;
rent $4 room:- clears $S3: payments.. .$l£00
Swell "flat: 6 rooms; SUTTER ST.. near
Hyde- magnificently ' furnished: only
$100 cash;. balance as you make it.
30 rooms;- newly furnished; clears $125;
half cash . .'. . • • • • • . .$2200
44 ROOMS: new modern - building;-
""CLEARS $175 and owner : reserves -.6
rooms; 5-yr. LEASE; easy pay ments. $2700
•Any house SOLD on : monthly PAYMENTS.
APARTMENT-HOUSE — 76 rooms; . beautiful
light apartments; this hpuse is artistic and
magnificently furnished; In fact, the best
laid out apartments, in this city; rent less
than S"» 50 room: clears -¦ $290 month: price
only $7000. Particulars only with CAL. IN-
VESTMENT CO... 777>4 Market st.
¦*\'HY pay rent when Andersen .will ; sell you a
¦ lodging-house- on. easy payments? ANDER-
SEN. 935 MarketUt., room 1. \
10 ROOMS: cheap rent: part cash.* balance pay-
ments, J. ANDERSEN. 035 Market St.. r. 1.
• . ¦'-¦-¦-. , - . .- ¦ ~- .
i.oncixo Mo~;»~ca fok hai.e — *< on '
MARION OniPTIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In fln« front offices.
Phone Black 3«07. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract fre« with every »aie.
AVe do business strictly according to law.
103 ROOMS— ARISTOCRATIC.
New and modern apartments, elegantly fur-
nished: 8-year lease: Income $1097; expenses
S839: exact profit J458 per month; the why.
sickness.
30 ROOMS— SWELL*
New and modern: extra fine furni-hinrs; hot
water In every room: fashionable location; only
$200O cash necessary; clears $175 month.
SO-ROOM CORNER. mlnM
New and modern; 4-year lease;' price- $4009,
clears |20T per month; almost no work.
24 ROOMS— EXTRA.
New and modern: on Sutter St.; elesantly
furnished, and clears $15O to $175 monthly.
20 UP-TO-DATE ROOMS.
New and modern: mahogany furniture; neavy
Brussels carpets; hair mattresses: elesn and
quiet; Income $111 over expenses; all perma-
nent roomers.
15- ROOM SNAP. ¦ V
New and modern: splendid sunny corner;
dears |S0; will sell for $1200 less than cost.
10 ROOMS ON SUNNT SIDB5.
New and modern: rent $50; full of nice peo-
ple; small amount down and monthly Install-
44 ROOMS— A MINT.
Others 'have cleared $500 a month In this
house; better lnvestleate and make an offer.
11 ROOMS — A GIFT.
Only $150: big bargain; only partly furnished;
full of roomers; price only |150 U. S. money.
63 ROOMS— DEPENDABLE.
New and modern: 5-year lease; splendid fur-
nishings; croflt $452 over all expenses.
. 2i ROOMS — O. K.
Centrally located north of Market St.; part
offices; clears steadily *90 month; very easy
terms.
S^-'c. 40- ROOM SNAP.
New house: new furniture: owner has rheu-
matism and compelled to sell; pric» asked la
$3000. . .
28 ROOMS— CHEAP.
Cheap rent, $50: cheap house. $1250; but It
must be sold; full; part housekeeping.
# 32 EOOMS^-SWELU '
Spacious grounds; «»mer: homelike- nice
clasVof roomers: rent only $125: profit $20O.
82-ROOM HOTEL.
Mechanics* headquarters; well esUbli-hed.
a full house all the time; bar; a splendid busi-
ness. • . |'-.'.", '
15 ROOMS— PERMANENT AND TRANSrCNT.
Good foVJlOO month: $1200; one-third down.
403 Halght St.: 8-room corner flat; $650: rent
$30; Income $52 cash from 5 5 * do
down' and balance as yoy make It Why 'do
you pay rent when you make «_ proHt
and have 3 rooms for your own use free . >v m
exchange for a vacant lot.
C. B, HINKLEY. ph 22? B JKJk T 796 '
1020 Market St.. Opp Firm.
'Former patrons my best « >feren * :8 r_ t , t ...
Reliable dealing. Easy terms. Cleat ¦ titles.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part cash. Balance monthly paj ments
10 rooms; Geary St.; speculation. ,$^5»
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $55. $160O ,
J, r c o=; L Ma a rK%T^N^£u«^.::::$p|
J i r =; SS& fl^S^g_i__S i
12 rooms; California ct.: rent $o0; a snap $.50
31 rooms; Fourth and ,*«*_: a gift... $«00 ;
10 rooms: Geary st.: clears $40; rent $2S.$500
24 rooms: Leavenworth St.: speculation. $m<)
10 rooms; Bu?h St.: rent $5. &: only •..•**¦£
SS rooms: Market st.: 5 years lease. .. .$-£*>
1« rooms; boarding: offer wanted -*0OO
10i» rooms; grand sunny corner s.ow
IS rooms: 6 unfurnished; rent $4.> .$5oO
S3 rooms; transient; lease.... *15^
20 rooms; lease; electric "Khts... *%><> j
8' rooms; Po?t St.; rent $32; only J-^»
Grocery and bar; rent $20 Jiij? f
IS r<v3i-; Fifth and Market: rent $o.>0 .
6-room flat: cost $700: rent $3O ...... S35O
12 rooms; Polk et. : partially furnished. . .."4oO ,
63 rooms; Mission and 6th sts^ lease... .$4oOO
ft rooms: Larkin st.; r»_*»j "JJl^lfSS
45 rooms; partially furnished; rent $S5..|1500 (
H. C. DECKER- . j
H. C. Decker, 906 Market st. ; phone John 531 t
Rooroing--house and Hotel.
Broker . for over
28 years in San Francisco.
I have all the 'paying houses that are foe sale
All Titles Guaranteed. .
Money Loaned on Any House.
Houses Sold on Installments.
Larze Lot ot Flats.
20 Apartment House*.
6' Country Hotels and Bars.
Houses All Sizes and
Prices, from 10 to 800 Rooms.
Price From ¦ $o0 to $»»,00O.
You Can Save Money
by Calling on H. C. DECKER. 006 Market st. I
• i
HANDSOMELY furnished, sunny 10-room j
bouse; rent only $38: splendid location In |
• "Western Addition: always full; clears $33 |
over expenses, aside from very large room
ffcr owner; price reduced to $600; the bargain j
of the city. MARION GRIFFIN, 406 Exam-
iner building. ; : t I
FOR RALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED: LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE:
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2856.
CALL OFFICE - ' j
A LODGING house for sal- of 32 rooms; nice- |
ly furnished; central; full of roomers; big j
Income: account departure. Inquire 207 '
Jones, rocm 9, bet. 1 and 5 p. m. '>V.x.-
A — $550; special bargain; 15 rooms; good loca-
tion; rent $35; clears $50. Eureka Co., 719 Mkt.
FAMILY hotel, across the bay; aunny corner:
central; 64 rooms; rent $115; clears $530 per
month; a bargain; must sell. Address box
1*48. Call office.
HOUSE, good location, 4 blocks from Market
St.; 15 rooms; good paying house; will sell
reasonable: low rent. Box 550. Call.
FOR ' sale — Lodging house. 32 rooms, $2S5O;
down town on nromlnent etreet, near Market.
Box 036. Call.
19 ROOMS; rent $75; price $1200; easy pay-
ments. ANDERSEN, 935 Market st.
ROOMING house, 903',-j Washington St.. Oak-
land; nice house, 16 rooms; cheap; $850.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 58 rooms; price
reasonable. 174 Jessie st.
' •
NINE-room house for sale: reasonable price."
309 Eddy st. .
LODGING bouse, 22 rooms; price $2750; on
Powell st.; central location. Box 812, Call.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale, 20 rooms: close In
town. Box 675, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CHEAPEST snd best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
ITnlfd States nr Canada one year for $1.
~~~ LODGI>G-HOi;SES TO LET.
LODGING-HOUSE. 6.JS-<MS Commercial et^
near Kearny, upstairs; notice on premises.
cA^^jn^Ajriy^^a^jr^^i^EA^j^
AIR now universally' used In cleaning carpets
nn floor, without removal: . ice moderate:
S. F. Comaressed Air Cleaning Co. Call
lullding. Phone Alain 5237. ii
WHEN' you become disgusted with your wov-
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat- '
Ing Works. S55-357 Tebaroa st.; teL South 40.
CARPETS cleaned and laid: lowest rates- mov-
/lng done; houses completely fitted up when
desired. Glsslow, 608 Larkin, tel. East 745.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S00 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning: Sc; tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating- mat"
tresses mad« over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter «t -
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO . Prop;.'
RUDOLPH & CO carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel.Mlsslon"^
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating tVnrir*'
tt« Golden Gate ave.: telgphonV Ea»t»S *
COTTAGES TO _ET.
FURNISHED cottage to let; 7 "rooms iT-Th"
________f__|_H^r^ *
_' crn~.Es BTjyr ass.
WHO DOES ITT HUNTER. 1208 M.rkM .«_
- Bend for circular. Why will y^u .SLw?
AFTER 3 years of personal experimenting on
November 15. 1003. the solution or the p'rob"
. 1-m has been solved of how to cun~,s6n
cent of ruptures: from the best authority? £1
than 10 per cent has been cured by the
ordinary truss In the past 100 years.
1 COULBCT1O"* OFFICES.
B^"^ a^K^c^ic3^c^j
CO. 413 Montgomery, room* 9-10z ft Uta.
SPIRITUALISM.
mps DR MARTIN wonderful spiritual heal-
M rV S .nd R b£££i medium ; ml U-jF< *-*£*_J-
• dvlce I cuarantee on all b_in««_pro0<_-
tlon. to bV successful. My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lastln* peac
with ae one you love; readings by mall most
Tatlsfactory. h. readings dally, «:__«to^
Ing cl«s» Thursday. 8 pr m. S02 Eddy it.
Mr. Dr E. Sander*, 418 Post-Medium: tit-
times dally: mentaJ »ug>-e»tton taught: dl»-
eaJe ciVed by mental w*^*^ "{{"Iff
now; Sunday by appointment. Tel Red 3041.
A— MRS. CRI.VDLE— Materializing seance
Sunday eve.. 50c. 328 Ellis; 8 p. m. sharp.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted cla! I r °£*2*- an4
mate-writer. 1112 Eddy. Phona Scott 887.
ELSIE «. REYNOLDS' materials s*anc«,
Sunday, 2 p. m. ; OOc. 328 Ellis it.
3JRS. LESTER, test and business "jS 1 ™"-
circle to-night. 10c; readings dally. 1«3 6th.
MRS. TRACY. 14.1 Hyde et.. clairvoyant: cir-
des 10c. Tue. tt Thur.. 8 p. m.; reada. BOc-si.
KATIE HECSSMANN-a elrcU ™*»* «_L.
25c: alt, dally. lOOO Harrison: tel. Mint 897.
EDWARD EARLB. 10B2 Ellla, readtmra dally.
0:30 to 4; seancea Sunday and Thar»aay.
PERKrNS. 1220 Mission, ground Soar; «e_-al-
tatlon dally. 1 t» * p. m.
"^ CLAinVOYAXTS.
CASHMIRE -— ¦ CABHMIRS
310 Elli* it., near Taylor.
The Only Psychlo Intermediator
of Secret Power In America.
Clalrrorant. Palmist. Trance Medium.
Bo ¦tranx» to her work, wltho_- wort sr
Question tells you Just what yoa want Xa
know; tells your name la full and Xh» B*a»
of th. one you wt^marr^^
Wonderful, bewlldertn* Is the work oC
Caahmlre. peer of all dali— ayaats; her read-
ing* »re a revelation; advice on Wf. mar-
riage, courtship, businea*. mines; x»«nlte«
th- separated: slves secret power to control
any one In 21 days; remove* evil Inflaences:
develops mediums; locates hidden treasure;
rives names, dates, facts; readings by mall.
A— PAUL DESTINE. .-.*''
The Flr«t Registered Trance Clalrroyaat
and Palmist Ever In San ""randec©.
I do hereby solemnly agree and ruarant** t»
make no charee tf I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I prornls* to
tell you whether husband, wire or sweetbtart
Is true cr false: tell who and when you win
marry; In fact. I will tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can tell y°!J_;*i- x
reunite the aeoarated. restore loet affection*,
cause happy marriage, give good luck, re^f"^
lost en«*v: ID a. ra. to 8 o. m.: Sunday- 2 to «.
326 O-Farrell »t. Low *~ «»'» week— SU
MME. M. .BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medlun_P«r-na-
nently located at 17 Third st. next Examiner
bids. • she reads your life correctly. «l-»es an
accurate description of the past, reveals th«
present happenings and portray* •*__•*"
occur In the future; It yon are In trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will b« told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In all
affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction r«ar*n-
teed: readings by mall. TeL Blade 43CT.
TOUR Ufa clearly revealed by Mls» Zemdar.
young, alfted clalr. and palmist: baa »econd
sight; a wonderful prophetess. I have aston-
1-hed thousands with my wonderfully correct
horoscope of their lives, past, present and fu-
ture; I correctly treat your love affairs, do-
mestic trouble, business and financial suc-
cess- if you are In trouble, discontented or
not satisfied in life, consult th« leading clair-
voyant o*f San Francisco, and you will b«
told bow to overcome them; names: ladle*.
60c; cents. $1. 714 Franklin, nr Golden Gate.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gy-*y. elalrToyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st.. cor. Turk; private reading* dally, lfl a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person: 3 questions answered, $1:
fall life. $5; send loclc of hair, data of year
ef birth: don't send currency ; send pestofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and card
reader: buslne?s advice: sitting* dally; 10 to
12 a. m.. 1 to T p. ra. : 25c up. 33 McAllister.
MRS. A. II. KRONENBERG. palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; when others fall try me:
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.<J. i*e.
RETURNED from her European trip. Miss M.
Wllle will open her offices January 28. 460
Geary st.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 23c up. 8.T5 Howard, bet. 4ta&3th.
A WONDER: I am the great I aaa;.s«« him.
408 Geary, st., above Mason.
MISS WARD, for a few days, 917 Market, rs.
11-12; gives, dates, namei. facts. Hoars 11-9.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 23c:
gents SOc. 051 Mission ¦_ nr 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWS, clairvoyant, card reader. r»-
moved from 132 6th to 23% 6th; la. 23cg. 50c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader la elty.
'Jti'-j Kearny, rcom 20; ladles, 23c; gents, 50c.
MME. LE FERN. th« card reader, has re-
moved from 109 Fifth dt to 113 Ninth st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortua*-
teller. i» now at 317 Ellla st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings daily. 44S% Jessie st.. bet. 6th and Bth.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion or advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ¦
11HKSS3IAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL DRESSMAKINQ AND 1OXXI-
NERY SCHOOL. J ;. > - •
Ladies' tailoring
Special course for dressmakers.
Special rates to old pupils.
Patterns cut to order: linings fitted.
101S Market st., abov* Sixth.
Accordion, sunburst &. knife plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button ~y&
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121
LADIES' suits. ?6 to $10; Jackets, coats, shirt
-waists; first-class work. 330 Ellis St.
FANCY waists and dresses, also coats. T19
folk St.. bet. Eddy and Ellis.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
DENTISTS. i __ ij ._;. . .-.^ .,_
D^C*G~Ru¥s7^BoT^6~Callaghan "hldg.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der; the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLU11 HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Elsventa
— No charge for extracting when plates ar»
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from <8 per set; extracting SOc; gas given.
A NEW r-ate — The Whale-one — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings, 00c:*-
plates. $5: full set: all work painless and
¦warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
a! ARTHUR CH1SHOLM. surgeon dentist,
room 14. Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 23 J Kearny. cor. BusV-
Set teeth $1 SO up: crowns $2 up; fillings 23c.
GOLD fillings. 73c: silver. 35c; crown*. $2: na
pain; open Sunday. Dr. O.B-Hewitt.20iSutter
EJDLCATIONAX.
ANOTHER . enlargement at CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE; an array of workmen
are putting the finishing touches on our new
home. 901-925 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has been on«
of the greatest successes of the West: 13.000
square feet, ;a rooms, 450 students, IS teach-
ers. Write for 75-page Illustrated catalogue.
The growing Uf« and enthusiasm her* will
be a constant Inspiration to you.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established IS years: life scholarship.
$30; bookkeeping, shorthacd. touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.: positions secured:
the college refurnished with»new type-writers
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW Juvenile department of the Paul Gersoa
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from 8 to 12 years of age; Miss Lllllaa
Muscio, principal; exceptional advantages-
largest school of the kind in th« West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mascn.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST 8
. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typiVar.
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions: Illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum., an accredited preparatory school
for the university. »aw and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford prore3-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bids-
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
oancing; establUh-4 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
Ketween Pine and California: both adult and
children % cU-aes are now opea for the season.
A . I f ' A^ GE ?} and better 8Ch001 th *n •»«•: «'«"
i ?L ?h / -l?», d t sire a rood Position; Greg*
jhorthand Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1230 Market st.
HEALD'S school of Mines & Electricity. 24 Pan
JS°; . F ' : * Practical school ot engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
•>•«"- -*»« »«*•.
rt«'v=m y> «9 r * nW *: "J*y. ev. : est. 1!W4. Van
der . Nanie_£chool. 113 Fulton.. nr. City Hall.
C^r U S S th; *£ Lk , E *\ tenor" wIolsTinTteiS:
Ja«iMJj«_V yO; pt "° UUIht *
BA iuiht- "« nd0 '«n~ and jrultar thorouiWy
taught, orchestra practice. 403 Geary st.
MEETINGS — -SUNDAY— Contlaned.
MRS. STODDARD'S seances, 10c; each per-
son pets a test; Sun., Tues. sittings. 278 9th,
KATIE HEUESMANJrS circle Friday eve.,
25c; elt. dally. 1000 Harrison; tel. Mint 997.
MRS. KOTTER, circle every night. 10c; devel-
oping circle Mon. eve. ; Bit. . dally. 43 Sixth.
< ,TESTS, 909 Market. 2-8; Mrs. Waltman, Dr.
Cowan. Mr. Wilson, Mr. Harsrave; 10c.
MRS. L. HODGSON. 148 Sixth st.. room 16;
test circle to-night; sittings daily.
C. V. MILLER'S material izlng seance to-
night. 8 o'clock; $1. 10S4 Bush St.
EARLE'S grand seance to-night; full names. ;
1052 Ellis; 25c,
MEETING .NOTICES. ;
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodce No. .a£"SS«fe.
112. I. O. O. F. — Members ar *^t3^9HK^
notified to attend funeral of -JgcSBSSp
cur late brother, THOMAS J ~3wa« s *
BIMPSON. SUNDAY. 1:30 p. m.. from hall.
J L. HILDRETH. N. G.
C. J. SPEAR, R. S. - -
EXCELSIOR Lod*e No. 310.
I. o O. F— Initiation MONDAY
EVENING. Jan. -25. Visiting
brethren welcome. utmvss^
O. C. STANKE. N. G.
E. W. HANNAY, R. S. f
MASTER Mariners* Benevolent Abso- IT_--^_
elation — Special meeting will be held (LTT.^^
at hall. 320 Poet 6t.. SUNDAY. ]£*£**
January 24. at 12 m. All members
are requested to be present for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our deceased
brother, W. P NOYES from his late resi-
dence. 915 Greenwich st.. at 1 p. m. By
order of the President.
L. TRAUNG. Rec Sec
A GRAND celebration In honor of **Q&
the 145th anniversary of Scot- Cafl
land's I'Oet. ROBERT BTTrtN'S, -?W(»
will take place on TUESDAY
EVENING. January 26, in Native _Wr
Sons' Hall. 414 Mason St., under *^ jj
the auspices of Clan Fraser No. 78, Order of
Scottish Clan«. A splendid vocal programme
of quartets and songs will be presented,
under the direction of Professor R. D. Bur- ,
ness, assisted by the following artists: So-
prano, Mrs. Susie Hert Mark; contralto. Miss
. • Migpon Judson; tenor, Frank Onslow; basso,
L. A. Larson. Choral representation of
"Scots vha hae" pnd the departure of Prince
Charles by 100 clansmen in regalia: tableau
and choral representation of "Caller Her-
rin"; tableau. "The New Haven Fish-
wives." and a characteristic tableau. "Auld
I^anj- Syne"; oration by the Rev. GEORGE
J. GIBSON: music by clan pipers in costume
and Fairgreeve's band; entertainment at 8
o'clock sharp, to be» followed by a dance. •
Tickets: adults. 50c: children. 25c. Tickets
for sale at THAIN BROS., 781 Market st.;
I. W. KING, 22d and Valencia sts.: TEV-
EXDALE &. LINDSAY, 536 Sacramento st.
COMMITTEE.
TIf E St. Andrew's Society will cele- v — =? v,
, brate the 145th anniversary of the Sfc*/^
Wrth of Robert Burns at Scottish VkX'Ks
; Hall. 107 Larkin street, on MON-
DAY EVENING. January 25. at 8 o'clock,
I followed by a social dance; tickets 25 cents.
j THE California Debris Commission having re-
i ceived applications to mine by hydraulic .
process from Lawrence Canatta. In Alesom .
Dumas placer claim, near Volcano. Amador '
County. Cal.. draining into Dry Creek.
which reaches Mokelumne River; from Lulgi
and Victorio Demartlni. in Railroad Hill
] Gravel mine, near Calaveritas, Calaveras
County. Cal.. draining into San Antone
j . Creek, which reaches Calaveras River, give*
notices that meeting will be held at room 06
I Flood building. "San Francisco. Cal. Feb. S,
. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.
; THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Sierra Railway Company of California
will be held at the offices of the company.
No. 229 Crocker building. City and County
r.f San Francisco Ftate of California on
MONDAY, the Mh day of February. 19C4, at
1 the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
{ of electing directors for the ensuing year
and the transaction of puch other business as
| ¦ mav come before said meeting. Dated at
San Francisco. Cal.. January 23, 1904 S.
D. FKE?HMAN. Secretary.
i STOCKHOLDERS NOTICE: — The refrular an-
nual meeting of tile r'ockholders of the Red
Men's Hall Asscciatica for the electisn of
fifteen director?, to serve during the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busl-
npst as may come before the meeting, will
be held 2t the Red Men'? Hall. 510 Bush st
en TUESDAY. January 20, 1904. at 8 p. m!
CHAP. SCHLESINGER. President.
C G. BOLSDORKF. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual m»et-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco will be held at the
efnee cf tre company In the Union Trust
Company's building, corner Post. Montgom-
i fry and Market sts.. San Francisco. Cal., on
THURSDAY, the 4th day of February. 1901.
at the h'.ur of 2 o'clock p. m.. for the pur-
po&e of electing a board of directors to serve
for the following year. th» amendment of the
by-laws of the company and the transaction
of 5-jch < ither business as may come before
the meeting.
: * CHARLES J. PEERING. Secretary.
' NOTICE of annual meetlns — The regular an-
nual meeting of the etockholders of the
California Ga« and Electric Corporation will
be held at the office of the company sixth
I fiocr. Rialto bulMlnir. San Francisco CaL
on TUESDAY. January 26 1904 at the
hour of 3:15 p. m.. for the purpose' of elect-
Ing a Eoard of Directors to serve for the
tnsulrg year and to transact such other
business as may come before the meeting
; Transfer books will close on January 20 at
"> o'clock p .m.
C. W. CONLISK. Secretary.
j Room C27. Rialto building, city!
ANNUAL Meeting— Thl recular annual meet-
ing of the Ftockhciders of The National Ic?
Company will be held at the office of the
company. H27 Market St.. San Francisco Cal
on WEDNESDAY, the 3d lar of February.
13O4. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. 'or the
purpose cf olectlne a boarl of directors to
i s:rve for tlie ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such r.ther business as may come
I before the meeting.
J J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
j CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
j Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
¦ Ue * Statfs cr Canada one year for $1.
j AGENTS WASTED.
j AGENTS— Automatic Washers sell themselves;
one acent writes: "Exhibited sample to ten
women: took ten order?." Time required 45
minutes, profit over $50; guaranted to do a
washing in 30 min.utcs; furnishes its own
power; requires neither labor nor attention;
costs le>s than any other -machine; fre»
sample snd exclusive territory furnished; $50
; week guaranteed; thousands of testimonials
j Automatic Washer Co.. Station U, Chicago.
j AGENTS wanted: either sex; no canva-sing"
j no soliciting: no time from your regular oc-
: cupation: no cne win know you are my rep-
resentative; no capital, outht or experience
! needed; easy, permanent, honorable and
• profitable work that can be done at home
Address J. TV. KIDD. key 5025, Fort Wayne
Ind. — '
; WANTED — Agents to sell splendid article to
housekeeper-; all want it; one agent made
$100 in ten days In October; only reliable in-
dustricus agents need apply; new article*
i>ad> seller; • big commissions Address
j JUHILEE IRON CO.. Omaha. Nebr., 1503.
AT onr-e— lrt-class agents to handle patented
novelties in San Francisco £z Alameda coun-
ties: fine chances for. St. Louis Exposition -
special terms to right parties. A. Dove Gar-
butt, Western Industrial Co.. rear office. 4C3
Sth st.. Oakland. 10 to 1 p. m. & 2 to 6 p.m.
WANTED — 10 men <n each State to travel,
tack Eigne and distribute circulars and sam-
ples of our goods; salary ?fiO per month; 93
per <lay for cxih;ti?°f. KUHLMAN COM-
PANY. d<rt. K 8, Atlas Block, Chicago.
AGENTS and Kollcltors making less than $10
a day should sell our low-numbered gold
bond contracts: new plan and double com-
mission. Gold Bond Mercantile Co. 406
j Crossley building. San Francisco.
GRAND opportunity; city or country territory;
best ell burner in the market for cook stoves
ranges and crates; reduces cost of fuel one-
half: agents wanted everywhere. PERFEC-
i -, T1ON OIL BURNER CO.. r.Q5 Mission st.
| AGENTS make 500 per cent profit selling
"Novelty Sign Cards": merchants buy 10 to
i 100 on eight: SCO varieties; catalogue free.
SULLIVAN CO.. 1139 Maplewood ave. Chi-
cago. 111.
[ BEGIN busimrs for yourself; stop working for
others; we start you In profitable mail-order
business home; Immense profits. Address
Franklin-Howard Co., Denver, Colo.
AGCNTS— An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building 1 and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
AGENTS— $10 a day for evenings selling new
automatic funnels to saloons; can't overflow
bottles; tells at night. Automatic Funnel
Co.. box 47. Blddeford. M».
AGENTS wanted for our sanitary aluminum
coffee maker: particulars frre; eamplo pre-
paid 50c. Wisconsin Mfg. Co. department
A. Manitowoc. Wis.
WAKE up; investigate at once article guaran-
teed; big money; easily demonstrated; write
for tetfus. F. JEFTS, 28 Seventh St., euite
26. second floor.
MINUET skirt holder eldo line offers unusual
inducements; terms and sample free. 'Wheel-
er & Baldwin, Garden City block, Chicago.
LA OIKS to pell now article: liberal pay. Irn^
perial Rubber Co., 426 Callaghan t>ldg., S. F,.
Headquarters for best selling goods forTgent*.
Pacific Agents' Supply Co. 1220 Treat ave.S.F.
FIRST-CLASS agent; salary or .commission.
W. P. CARL. 856 Howard rt., room 1.
AGENTS wanted to sell household article.
Apply 3 Cleveland »t.~
AjpyT~tRTISEM"-|KT O.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships In the best
College of Advertising in the United States,
I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash; the college teachee advertisement writ-
Ing by correspondence and assists Its grad-
uates to secure positions; catalogues fur-
; nlshed on application. Address box 3026, Call.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
PARENT wants Christian person having coun-
try residence to take charge temporarily of
8 children. 6, 10. 13. Address box 816, Call.
TAKE children to board at 1000 Market et.
WANTED — To board one or two school chil-
dren. Apply C77 Harrison st.
ATTonKEV-.A'f.LA'W.
W. H. BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322, Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for Injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for debts; bends furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made In all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and save money: no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
. Established 22 yrs.; rros. 1. 2. 3, 4 & S. let fl.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
¦Aftvlce free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING, Atiorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
. Cth floor, entrance room Gil; established 20
years; all cases: general court and office prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
' evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
GEO..W. AVERILL;. advice given In all cases;
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
suits a specialty; practice In both State and
Federal courts. Room 465, 4 th floor, Parrott
bldg., 6T>5 Market st.; phone Howard 2551.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases; divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees In advance; open every even-
Ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market et.. r. 31.
" advice^pree!
Columbian Law and Collection Agency, .
Room 85, 916 Market St.; tel John 6220.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings: tenants
ejected.$5. 916 Market,- r.62: phone Black- 651.
DIVORCE — Costs, $12: quick, quiet: advice
free; open evenings. 927 Market st.. r. 301.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market St.: consultation
free; no fees In advance: open evenings.
ASTROLOGY.
CONSULT Astor. famous New York astrologer;
advice, nativities; $25 for thorough course of
Instructions; Invaluable students, -palmists,
phrenologists, practitioners: classes, individ-
ual lessens. Book store. 1203 Market. st.
MRS. J. FRANCIS, astrologlst: lessons; read-
Ings; hours 10 to 5. Suite 10. Hotel Langham.
MAIL birth data and dollar • to Niver' at
Stockton for one of his advisory.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
Selling out Roller Canary Birds, males and fe-
males; Goldfinch Canary mule?. 31GS 16th et.
BICYCLES— 'For Sale or Exvliange.
INDIAN motor bicycle. $150; California motor
tandem, $150. Joe Holle, 20th and Folsom 6ts.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $3500; THE leading restaurant of this city,
rent $150: surrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladies; a first-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny St.
A — $1600: SALOON; rent $10; place doing a
good business; clearing for owner at least
$250 per month; patronized by merchants and
printers mostly; no night or Sunday work; a
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26ft
Kearny et. -
A — $1200; CORNER saloon on Clay at., near
Front; mercantile lunch; rent $45: establlbh-
ed years; good business. R. G. WILKE.
2C% Kearriy st.
A— SSOO; CIGAR stand on California et., near
Sansome; rent $40; value in sight; a place
where any man easily can clear $200 per
month. See R. G. WILKE. 2GH Kearny st.
A— $1COO: RESTAURANT and coftea saloon
lust a few doors from Market 6t. ; owners
clearing at least $300 per month; will give
trial to purchaser if he means business;
sickness of one of the partners only cause
of sale. If you invest in this business your
money is well invested. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny 6t.
A— $4000: CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; net rent $65; lease; this is one of the
leading and best paying places in this city;
no night work. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock: clears at least $250 per month;
full value In sight; a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn. 1 cart. I electric
piano: 10 years' lease; rent $43; price $3000;
business very good; that is all. For particu-
lars see R. G. WILKE; 26% Kearny Bt.
A — SlfiCO; BUTCHER shop In Western Addi-
tion; rent $40; weekly sale about 4 steers.
25 sheep; 1 horse. 1 wagon; dally receipts
about $40. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $1750: CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero st. ; lease; a good payin? business;
fresh stock; all caah trade. Particulars R.
G WILKE. 26% Kearny str
; A — $14C0; CORNER grocery and bar on De-
.visadcro Et. : owner has a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compel him to
leave for East See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et.
A — $000; DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission st.; splendid
chance for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1500; THE best oyster stand in Portland.
Or.; a man with first-class references can
leave $700 stand on the business. See R. G.
' WILKE. 26% Kearny st,
A — $500-*-BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; dally receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $400; GROCERY and bar on Howard st. ;
I living rooms; rent $20: good place.* % See R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. .
OUR new "Duplex-Sctfie System" won over 200
per cent in the past 22 days on Frisco races;
for proofs and references ask any subscriber
on our list, or call and Investigate; explana-
tion free to regular subscribers at our office
only; commissions handled on this system for
25 per oent of the net weekly profits. Terms
for our Handicap sheets. $2 per day or $10
per week. N. S. HAND, expert handlcapper,
rooms 1, S and ",, 113 Stockton St., S. F.
A^ 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
. Mint scheme, but a reputable, established
; business enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
! $67,000 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
: increased $20,000 to enlarge plant; call
or write for particulars.'
QERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A — $350; BRANCH bakery, candy and notions;
full stock; nice fixtures; good trade; 3 living-
rooms; nicely furnished. Eureka Realty Co.,
719 Market st.
A— $C00; FRUIT store; horse and wagron; cash
register; safe; large stock. Eureka Co., 719
Market et.
CALL and see the list of lcdglng-bouses from
6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road-
houses, salcons, restaurants, groceries, livery
stables bought and sold and exchansed;
money loaned on chattels; millinery store to
exchange. EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny.
HOTEL and bar, country town; clears from
$40O to $1000 per month; long lease; cheap
rent; bar receipts over $7.0 per day. See H
C. DECKER. Hotel Broker. 906 Market Bt.
TAILORING and gents' furnishing business
for sale; doing the largest business In one
- of- the best cities on Puget Sound; excellent
opportunity for two young men with small
capital. Addre-s C. ROBERTS, 101 Val-
lejo st., city.
$1100— HALF Interest iii garment cleaning
business with automobile delivery want
partner to attend to outside business; this
business will bear investigation. Apply 510
• Telegraph ave.. Oakland, Cal
PARTNER wants lady or gentleman with
$1000 to start a fancy (delicacy Btore with
something new; nothing so good on th« mar-
ket; big money for small capital. Box 017
Call office. .
¦ MILLINERY— Gocd business; good town; 50
miles from San Francisco: sell tf taken at
• once, at invoice, about SijOO. Address Box
1014. Call office, Oakland.
BOOK and stationery store In Oakland; e-tab-
Ilshed and well located. Box 1012, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
WANTED to buy stcre or manufacturing busi-
ness at reasonable figure; state particulars.
Address box 1013. Call office,. Oakland, v- .:'•
1 $6000— SALOON; clears $500 monthly; havu
wholesale house and brewery reference; 4
years" lease. J. ANDERSEN,' 935 Market, r.l.
$750 — ACTIVE partner wanted in a mone-y-
makinp office ¦ business; no risk; secured by
real estate. 935 Market st., room 6. " '
WILL sell Interest In- steam ' schooner paying
dividends: investigate. Box 808, Call office.
FOR sale — Outside route on Call. Apply 3164
i Twentjr-f ourth '»t.
BUSINESS CHASCES— Continued.
FOR sale or - exchange for large . rooming or
apartment house, 128 acres.. near Santa Cruz;
B-room modern cottage* hot and cold water;
all well furnished; 40* acres vineyard; '20
acres grain ; 800 apple - trees ; 300 cherries ;
200 prunes; also pear trees; wine tanks hold-
Ing 8000 gallons; all cooperage ; large ham:
packing- houses; blacksmith shop . equipped
with tools; 2-room houses for hired man;
also quarters for other help; 7 more acres
ready for setting more --rapes; several cords
¦'wood cut; dryers; Incubators: 'I horses; wag-
ons: carriage; 2 pigs; <j sheep: Jersey cow;
40. chickens ;- farming- ' implements; plenty
all kinds packing boxes; flowers of all kinds;
fountain with goldfish; balance ot land In
timber: running creek passes: house; water
piped all over place; in case of trade will
pay . difference In cash; price 112,000; an
ideal home. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine: fine prospect:
located in Cal.; assays $10 to $70 ton; trade
for r'm- house or business. Cameron. .1 Kddy.
FOR sale — Well-located candy store; all equip-
ped for making; own candles; established 8
years; clearinj- over $200 per month; will in-
volce about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
HIGHEST cash price paid for stocks of mer-
chandlse. See CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR trade — Income bearing city property for
stocks of merchandise; any amount. CAM-
ERON & CO. '
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 per day; will
bear investigation: price $1500: also one In
good location for $350 CAMERON Sc CO.,
3 Eddy st. ¦
THE STOREY COTTON COMPANY is the
pioneer and only corporation offering: the
public, every facility for obtaining the largest
regular profits which can be SAFELY made
by conservative trading in . cotton, which
NOW presents the best features and most
activity of ALL the commodities bought and
sold In the markets of the world.
IMMENSE FORTUNES are being made
nnd lost, by speculation in cotton. The
Storey Cotton Company, however, NEVER
SPECULATES; therefore it never loses; but
it does BUY and SELL COTTON from a
purely INVESTMENT standpoint; conse-
quently it earns large profits continuously
and always SAFELY, month In and month,
out, year after year, s which profits are di-
vided monthly with all Its customers on the
most approved profit-sharing plan now In
vosue. • '
ANY INVESTOR, large or small, may be-
come a customer at any time, and thereafter
receive regularly the large monthly profits
earned with the capital deposited to his
credit: Ilia Invested, capital and accrued
profits always being repaid In full, subject to
his order. ¦
SENT FREE ON REQUEST:
"All About Cotton"; revised to 1904.
"Bears Investigating."
"The Test of Time" and "Sworn Truths."
"Cotton as an Investment."
"The Cotton Chart Book."
THE STORY COTTON CO., Inc.,
The Bourse, Philadelphia. Pa.
11 Broadway, New York, N. Y. '
Exchange buildings, Liverpool, England.
Correspondence Invited and promptly an-
swered.
WOULDN'T it be PLEASANT for you to
KNOW where you 'could invest from PIFT5T
dollars upward and obtain a large MONTH-
LY dividend on the same without the slight-
est risk of. loss to your principal at any
time, and free from any taint of speculation;
where you can have It on demand at any
time and where you get the best and highest
class mercantile and. BANK references as to
the safety and solidity of the concern you are
doing business with? A guarantee that covers
over . twenty years' successful business ex-
perience. WOULDN'T YOU? Or better still
— wouldn't you like to'have your money in-
vested WITH such "a concern? Others have
it. and so can you. Only conservative and
careful people solicited. Full particulars free
by writing to -W. II. - Latlmer, 411 Walnut
St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
CHANCE of lifetime to one man only in each
State with a few hundred dollars and ref-
erences; monopoly of, legitimate business;
enormous profits without risk; highest In-
dorsements. - Address HULL, 154 East Twen-
ty-third stl. New York.
FOR sale — Butcher shoD. Western Addition:
neighborhood first clasw; .nothing but best or
trad* at good tirices: fixtures nejv and first
clars r horse, wapon and cart and all tools;
a good wagon trade; will sell everything for
$llio0. Box 904, Call office; no agents.
FOR sale — Stationery, candy and toy store:
has run for several years; with 4 living
rooms, with or without furniture; close to
Market et.: in eood location for business.
' I must sell as other business comtjels me
to leave. Address box 00$. Call.
PARTNER or tenant wanted on 100-acre coun-
try place to raise cattle, chickens, etc.; must
be strictly temperate and have experience and
* some means; plant already established In fine
location. Address for Interview, R. H., box
514, Call office. . , ¦
IF I can show you that I: have a turf system
which has not had a losing day will you put
up $500 with my $500 to operate It? We. can
make $5000 in twelve weeks. Bos 933, Call.
STOCK OR BOND ISSUE
of reputable corporation; mining or indus-
trial, wanted. Have every facility for sell-
ing same en commission; give particulars.
P. O. box 1403. New York City.
FREE — Our new bock, "Suggestions to Specu-
lators," describing option trading and con-
taining valuable Information regarding- wheat
indispensable for success. Osborn Grain Co.,
Minneapolis, Minn.
FOR sale — Stationery, books, notions, china
and agate and tinware store; centrally lo-
cated: on streetcar line: good trade: 3 liv-
ing rooms: place well established. Box 611,
Call of flee. /
ANY one can make ?200O clear in three to six
months by investing $G0O; no chance to lose;
one who wishes can give a part or all of
their time preferred. --Bow 929, Call office.
A— PROFITS $200 month; cigars, billiards and
clubroom; rent $45: lease invoices $1500; near
new nost office; call. Investigate, make offer
to SKIRM, room 72, St. Ann's bldg.
SELECT hotel restaurant furnished; excellent
chance ior first-cla-3 caterer with meana,
rental taken mostly in board. Address one
week box 8S6. Call.
A — $250; PARTNER In est. office and commis-
sion business; euarantee $80 month; no ex-
perience neces'ry; barg'n. BROWN, 1221 Mkt.
FOti sale — Delicatessen store on business
¦street; one block from Market; good % trade.
Box 9S1. Call. . . •
DELICATESSEN store for sale; centrally lo-
cated; In Western Addition: good trade; on
, car, line: no competition. Box, SSI, Call.
RESTAURANT In Oakland, on principal
street; central: meals 10c and up; sood
trade; low rent; make offer. Box 887, Call.
$2.*> STARTS legitimate business anywhere;
.$2000 to $5000 annually easily made. Ad-
dress WM.-EWIG, Germania bid,, Milwaukee.
RESTAURANT on water front; good run of
trade; location eood; closed Sundays; price
$250. Box 072, Call office.
WILL sell my dye works in Oakland : good
business: profits big. Address- for particu-
lars. box 7 IS. Call. __^
LADY, literary ability, some financial back-
ing a* secretary for publishing firm. Box
, 004, Call office. ¦ ' * J
¦4N active, sober man: have email capital- and
service to invest: handy with tools. Box
421. Call. ¦ .- . ¦•-¦»¦
RESTAURANT, delicatessen store for sale;
guaranteed $200 month clear above expenses;
make offer. Box »701. Call.'""* -V
$C000— BAZAAR: transfer corner; 7 years'
lease; rent- $50: bargain. Address M. S.,
Call Branch. 2200 Flllmore Et.
FOR sale — Lumber yard; good location; excel-
lent chance to get a yard on small payment
down; no agents. Box 375, Call,
A — HAVE $1000 to •invest: . want, some legiti-
mate paying business. : Box 605. Call. .
CIGAR store , for sale on ' Market st.. near
Third; lease. price low. Address box 977, Call.
$750— DELICATESSEN store, with 15 steady
boarders; can increase trade.: Box 965,' Call.
FOR sale— Saloon 'on a ' prominent driveway;
good . trade. Box .738, Call.
$5C0— FOR sale;,t;orner grocery and bar. Box
V 8S8. Call office.
C1GAK stand; down town in- wholesale dis-
trict;- good -stand.. "Address box '.731, Call.
BAR~and grocery for sale, south of Market; no
agents. Owner, 112. Virginia- ave. ¦ \
STOVE store; a bargain: parties leaving citv-
no accnts. Box 9S4, Call.
LARGE newspaper route in this city for sale;
• desirable location. : 235-Ke/irny st., room, 10.
WANTED— To invest $1500 in a local business.
Box 071. Call.
A RESTAURANT . outfit for sale* 272 Bran-
nan- st. - >. , v
FOR ' sale— Oyster-'. and . chop * house; cause,
trouble bet.'- partners; must be sold. 603H 4th.
HAVE $1000 to invest with party • with equal
amount in business. Box 572, Call. ,
A *- BAKERY . In • good country town to rent.
Inquire . 408 McAllister ; st. ,
FIRST-CLASS p stove ' and '- hardware . store for
- sale, cheap, account departure. Box 724, Call.
OYSTER-HOUSE ' for sale; center of Oakland.
* 469 7th st.. bet. Broadway and Washington.
WANTED — Stationery and notion store; state
: . price; rent.* etc. . Box j 443. Call.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, TANUARY 24, 1904.
45
•_ .CU.LCAT1OX AL— •Conilnnfd.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day eve.?.. Teutonia Hall. Howard 6t.. near
Trof. Fester; eoclety dancing taught.
?PANISH. Frcnch.etc.Prcf.DeF'.llppe's Academy
- of l«nirun{.-<-s.:S0 Post :«-ftab"d lS7l:ablfSt profs.
V. 11. L1PSCOMBK. pianist and experienced
".teacher; harmony, etc. 313 Leavenworth pi.
5PANISH evening classes trl-weekly. $3 a
month; best lessons in the city. 578 Sutter.
MUSIC teacher wanted: a Japanese wishes to
learn clarinet. Address 504 »^ Dupont st.
SKLECT German class desires one more mem-
bor. Bcx £20, Call office.
A FEW more pupils tn take lessons on piano.
box til2. Call.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK?
_*^xperiencod teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 line ft Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, pramir.sr. wrltlr.g,
etc.; <<ay cr eve : $5 mo. 1024 Mlyslon.nr. eth.
. L')irLOY»F..\T OKKICIJ9.
GET your^rip^PlNE^JAP^ANEiE^EMPLOT-
UEXT OFFICK ar.d Ilous?elee.nlng Co.. lMj
••Pine. nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Polk 3GCC
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Von St.; tel. Bush 133—
Japanese-Chinese enplr;.Kest office; fur-
• ntshe*.bt*t help; contracts lor farm belp. etc.
A— ORPllilUM Employment offico— Japanesc-
Chinesf help. 42U Powell. Tel. Ma'.n r.752.
A-4GUAND Japcne«e-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415
_Etorkton; tel. Grant ltS; expert, reliable htlp.
, SWEDISH and German Female Employment
*>«fice. tU FTankiin st.: phone Folsom 2Sj«.
RELIAI5LE .'opanese-<?k7r^«T~Eir.ployment Of-
<W; all kinds help. Sir. Stockton; Main MS8.
CHINESH and Japanrs* t>*!r>: -stab. 20 y«tr«.
Tfl. Main 1!W7. BRADLEY & 'XV. «N0 Clay.
- EMP.LO Y3IEVT WA3ilgt>^F15MAXB;1
E1TUAT1ON wanted— Ytun* colored lady of
reflnerrwit, nil «lurat«Hl. as housekeeper; (
• a tra'.noJ cook »r<i ht>-jF?k'«>ner; no ohjec- :
tion lo tht country! first-class reference. ,
• E D MlNOTT. H-" Edeecorr.b place, chl-
cagO.-III. . j
DRESSMAKER find cott and suit maker;
la<*ie*' tailor suits; cutter and fitter; only
first-class work done in private families ptr
• da v. iZ. C BAR5S. Sherman House, 2S j
• Eisrhth mu j
E3UPKRIEXCSD stpnocrajr-her ar.d typewriter |
rspM a - ifl ar«:urste, vanie m^itlon with j
,.1-lianec for advancement; $*'> to begin; |
'tot-dag reference*. Bog MS., CalL j
X«ADY. wishes a jx<s:tion as nreery governess
c or* ceauianioa to a lady: ?r*-afcs French
c. fla«r.t!y: able to assist children with music
.and UeiTnon. A«idr:ss box B8S. Call.
A YOUNG girl lately from Germany would !
like upstair*, v.nrk or 'are of children; is a j
, good s#\»«r. rail Monday or Tuesday cr ad- j
cress !:•_"• Seventeenth st.
RES-PECTFl'L y.'une v.oman wants place to
, 'In houiit-wi.rk In American family; wapes
V-SO: no cards answered. Call 1 Cottage row,
off Sutter s*.. n*ar Webster.
A VOC3fG woman wants a position to take
cafe of children and to do stewing ; under-
"unnds ebom makfne little dresses; wages
- $M. Address Kx *»<>. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED .Swedish Kir!, competent and
' reliable, wishes position as housekeeper in
.pvd fs.mily; pood references; good wanes.
B*ex «0. Call.
A PITUATION by a n'at. steady woman for
• chambrrv.ork or assist with housework or
difhwathint; tlpcp h< r.ie. M. A.. 734 Fol-
trm ct.. ntar Fourth.
DRRSSXAKEB l>y the day: superior cutter,
fil'.'-r and irmwr? unsurrasred on evening;
ef.d 6ir*"t conns: ti rnrs $2 50. C. A. TUR-
NER, O>0 Oitp.vla et.
A RELIABLE pirl who urderrtanfis doing
eoektnsj wants situation to asrist in uenernl
hcuf-f-work In family ct adults. Address A.
B.. box VOl. C*U-
DRESSMAKING in families by tin experienced
dres*i':«k:r ir laoies' s»ni children's clctho;
also drcs-pr-^ renovated; ?1 40 pr <5av. Box
948. Call offU-e.
DRES=S1IAKER. «->:jwienre;S. RO^d cutter inJ
fitter, would like a few more cncaBpnients by
the day; city or country; terms reasonabic.
Box 914. CaU. »
A RELIABLE voiran wishes «ny kind of
w.-erk cr rhcrr.berwork by the day. Call or
aorirej.9 MRS. LELX'H. Brunswick House,
14^ S-'ixth *t.
A WOMAN wants v.-ork by t!i* ds.y washlrg
and housecl»i-ri!n?; willing to work $1 r>0 a
d%> and oerfare. Address F. WAIT?. 45
Minna st.
AN experienced trairj"d njrso wishfs more en-
¦¦gafm<>ii;s: ••¦rrv>* rfas^nahle. A<l<5rrs.s Nurse,
" Bll L»«v«t worth ft.. San Francisco.
.WANTED — Situation to .<¦> R.'nrral housework;
rmall wash- w.i*r«s ?15. Apply at or addre«s
LENA pgTEBSgN. 1<12 L «.. South S. F.
"MIIJULE-AGEI* w>in:an desire! tvumifTi to
<.&!¦«• for crown children. t*'l?»; n?i"t and re-
'• liable: city <r country. Box «".!!!. «"all.
A YOUNG woman wit--hr>s, any kind of work.
• afternoons cr part Ct ov«-nin<?s. A'ldrfFS Mts.
C. H.. a>81 Twemy-M::th st.
IAN' up-to-date dresFmaker. f<;rmfr!y with
• ''<"!1ty of I'aris, ¦¦ will take w.irk home by the
• tiay. Address Iwx ftxi. CaU office.
"MIDtiLE-AGKlj lftdy would like to be nurse
* ,Vir one or two children In private family;
, **can irlve rrferen<"e«. Ilox '.;3-'>. Call office.
tVOWAX war.t^ waFhinr to do at home: ' In-
• fants' and rhlidrr-n's clothes handled with
care.. Box T.4O, (*aM office.
l*OFindN wanted by young lady as b*>nk-
V*T*r Bnc j o:fice assistant; references. Box
• • ea\: c*ii.
rofition in hosj>!ta! or sanitarium
"_ as day nnrsje liy Eastern graduate. Addresss
"Kara*. ii»4i> I'o?t st.
"A RrSI'E'JTABI.K wcm«n « ir!i°s loiKlne-
• hou:^ k:-epinK: him* experience. Appl; at
1(2 Natoma «.
JOL'NU \a£y vtrhea few more engagements
for *>hr.miicu::u?. iranicurlng and scalp treat-
>• itiw.. Pbaoa i'app ."Jt7!i.
BITCATIOX ¦navtcd a* stesocimpber and type-
wrlter* !<t SsxtSTdara only. A6dma Imx 54ti,
'tTTEXOCRAPHEBJ expert. rs».p:tl an3 accurate;
;7 ;>ars' experJwice in lav.- and auvCiiMMBt
' T.'.-tr i'l.-." J. S.. M'7 <io!den G»to nve.
\'f>N1 ; KT> — \Y«:m*r. n«n'.f piafp to do housf-
•a' :,•.: nv objection t'j children. Apply .:.'l
«.
A nBST-CUUSS Prani«h. French and Amnl.
• fan cook wishes ponttfoB; C r >e» not «i>eak Buc*
- lisb: flrst-clafs and ootnrct«it. WKJ 5tccklon.
??TfJNO<JnAPIIKR. RfCfcly t&a*al*&. four lan-
Fuac''**. wants p<-«;t;on ?t. ijOtAt est^csition.
T25 PObwm Ct
ICXrEniENCED l.CMiJ'.keftvr and otfi^e rcrre-
•condent derires r lerlcs! ncrk to do at botaC;
* reTcrfnces. li*;x. 'M?.. CaU.
X fiTTtO'SO. wi'.llns jroo&g comu •rtahes.
som« kind r«f boBsjework' to do. AdJresa
MP.P. ?M!T7l, 3'U7 HarriaoB it:
l!orsr-<'LrANING and washlrg, ?1 per day
. Mid carlare. MRS. P... Uox HI. IOCS Mar-
t:et ct.
<;iRI. wis^.'>^" place in fn:n" family for Hsht
houe^work. Anpiy 1217 Stciner st. . •
YOUNG wpman d<:-fiire« po'ition: H?ht house-
work and a«pi*t v.-ith rhildren. Box O2, Call.
YOUNG lady v. lshcs position as cashier. Ad-
<r-a* V. P.. box 87fi. rail office.
XiADY wifhe* cliamber work only; Bleep home.
II Natoma stieet.
n*AS2S sewlr.s wanted. 1C3 K<i'ly street, up-
GIRL deeir^s position a^ typewriter. Addrrs*
. A. B.. »>ox 54'J. Ca!l oflkf-.
GIHL d*»ir*t rjosition a* ¦Ceaactmpher ond
typewriter. Address C. L.. bcx ««:?. Call.
MllJDLE-AGED wrman T.ar.ts ett'jation to
a«si«; in r'/omins-hous*. Box 0T>'.*, Call.
A OUGHT clri wants a position as type-
writer. Address bos 575. Call.
LAIjv rta tJ plain e»-win»r. Box 547. Call
ofSee.
•WANTED — Place a« cook In private family.
Box 4 J2S. Call. '
'TYPEWRITING done at bom". J42S Corbett
ave.. city.
A POSITION desired by nn expert booUlceeper;
«tf« not uudtr *5O. Uox till), f^atl.
. XiSCFINEIJ young- lady desire* praition as
'.adys-: maid. Call 1CC5 gutter Ft.
•WOMAN wiahr-n to so cut by (lie &&y doing
i.ashme; Jl 00 pr day. 304 Post fit.
TOUNO worr.an v;ould l!k«. r«-\sltlon to do
hounework end mertinm. Box SS3, Call.
FiRST-CLAfcfc laundress mishes launderics to
be- done at borne. Uox »44. Call offlc*.
CARE of children evenings; can jive less.oms In
music; 50 cents ccr fare. Bos 945, Call.
VIOLIN teacher wishes more puplli; best ref-
' erenceg; letgor.g 70c. Box 934, Call office.
VOMAS would like two half-day's work a
wetk. 7'SZ\i, Broadway. In rear.
.A COLORED lady would like day's work.
Aflflrew bcx S3». Call office.
A YOUNG lady %-itt«« a position aa second
Clrl in a jrt^at* fam::» ; «.p- Jl V 9 y«nch and
£?, ¦ i. : « oo<1 «"eference«. Address L D..
tot WathUynon »t.
GIRL wants position in candy store, Saturdays.
327 Duncan st.
I WOMAN wants work by the day; $1 and car-
fare.. Box 905, Call office.
I COMPETENT woman with grown child desires
• irenersl housework. S00 Shotwell st.
ENGLISH woman wishes to do chamberwork
from 9 to X Address C. R. G.. 1319H Powell.
A YOUNG woman wishes house-cleaning by
the day: $1 50 and carfare. 006 Howard at-
YOUNG lady wants position as stenographer
or conylM. Bcx 012, Call:
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation
as cook. KC5 Mission Bt. ¦ |
SITUATION wanted by a refined young widow I
as companion to wealthy lady; good sewer
and hairdresser. Box C34. CalL
WANTED — Place as nurse In or out of city:
j wages. f25-?3O. Address C, 15>J Tehama.
I YOUNG lady, thoroughly competent and ex-
! perieneed stenographer and typewriter, ac-
curtomed to law. insurance and bank work,
desires position in or out of city; highest
re'erencx-B. Box 425. Calf office.
A YOl'NG woman wants work by the day,
washing and house cleaning. .Address P. O. :
box €S. Fruitvale.
A FIRST-CLASS Spanish. French and Amerl- !
can cook wishes position: docs not speak Ens- j
1!s!j; ll«.t-cla¥s and competent. 603 Stockton. 1
j YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer: j
wages Sti per week. Box CSS, Call. j
WANTED— A situation as upstairs girl. Call
or andrres M. M.. 12234 Bush st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th»
Call et Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE).
W3' have a first-class man for gentleman's
place; understands gardening, driving, milk- :
fnp. etc.; wishes situation. J. F. CROSETT '
& CO., C2S Sacramento st. i
A YOUNG Hebrew-American, 32 years of age, !
having a thorough business education, v.lth !
experience a* bookkeeper and having execu-
tive ability, desires a position of any kind;
salary no objfet until ability demonstrated;
firvt-claps references. .Box 063, Cail.
A POSITION requiring service* of educated
man, 50; strictly temperate; literary abil-
ities; old res=!c!pnt; hlghtft references; pres-
cr.t San Francisco company 6 years; salary
(15. Address box 101U, Call office, Oakland.
GARDENER, first class, understands thor-
oughly all branches of Kardenincr. with IS
years' California experience, wishes a sttady
potitlon; first-cJass references. Address
Gardener, J>0O German Hotel, city.
STEADY, reliable man would like position as ,
janitor, watchman or collector; can furnish
best city references and bonds If required. ,
Bos: STS. Call.
COMPETENT raint-T, paperhanrer and deco-
ra- ">r want? Ptendy job by the day for private
;»r'.!es, hott'I or institution; city or country.
Cox 42S, Call office.
YOUNG married man wants work of any
kinci: steady and »Dber: not afraid of hard
work. C31I or address O. JOHANSON, 1258
H- rd st.
MA! .»_^D man wants steady employment;
hsndy with carpenter and machinist tools;
also a firet-clays t>a?ker: best of references.
Add! ess G. A. ,S.. 4C0A Minna st.
CARPENTER, good, hotel, store or institute, a
little over 66 year*, but active; first-class
references; $3 j>er day; formerly In U. S.
navy. Box T'96, Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wants set of
books to post or 10 transfer accounts to new
ledger. Address room 208, Mutual Savings
Bank bulldinj.
A THOROUGH implement man. with refer-
ences <out through failure of company), de-
riros po-'ition en rc&A cr In house. Address
Implerm-nt Man. Grand Hotel.
MAN with 3 In family wishes place to care for;
practical knowledse of ranching cattle, fie. ;
small wage;*, with privilege of raising poul-
try- Cail or address Rancher. 230 Che.ney st.
I YOUNG man. steady and capable, desires posi-
tion en private place first of the month: good
gardener; understands! horses: good driver;
can milk. . Box 1015. Call office. Oakland.
I ¦
j STEADY young man. understands care of
hor?o5_ otr.. wishes r>e?ltion on gentleman's
7>lac*>: can milk; handy with tools. Box 051,
Call office.
• MARRIED man wlrtiefl situation as shipping
c-l<*rk er porter: 4 years' experience with one
house: referenr-es. Address G. H., 1210 Ma-
son Kt.
: SITUATION wanted by 'mlddie-ag«d single Ger-
n.an. hnndy with tools, on private place; un-
derslends "care of horses and cows. Box
915. Call office.
! BARTENDER. German: sober and hon"st; of
long experience; can keep hooks: wants po-
sition in club or hotel; city or country. V.,
box 140. Call.
COLLECTOR on fraternal paper covering S. F.
and vicinity desh-es additional bilU of any
kind; cxperienred and tactfuL Box 417, Call.
I C<»A('HMAN for private family; can drive
and understands caretaking of automobiles?;
sober: undeniable references. Box C27. Call.
i EASTERN c >r.k nn<1 baker; hotel or restau-
rant, mine or lumber camp: best reference.
J. KAYBOItN. i'12 Second st.
j GOOD. all-.-.roun<1 electrician from the coun-
try; can take of a plant: wants po-
*itir.n. Box CSV. Call.
• WANTED — A scsitlon on cattle, fruit or
-hicken ranrh or other work. J. KARR,
312 McAllister St.
j POSITION— Shipping clerk, porter er racker;
wholesale house; best city references. Box
©04. CaM office.
! HIGHLY experienced collector desiree position
d* col lector; best cf references given. Box
j E33. Call office.
' POSITION wanted bv young man of good
habits end education: hours mutt be after
B D. m. m best references. Bcx 777. Call.
! AN* exp'tt clot'iing maaager and experienced
"ad" writer is orxm for engagement. Ad-
i dress box CSn. Call. v
j BOT wants position as Mock clerk or to assist
in drug store laboratory; experienced; best of
refertnos. . Atidress box liS4. Call.
• CIVIL and mining encine'r, surveyor and
draughtsman wants work of any kind. Ad-
drers box 5CT'. Call.
J ELECTRICIAN, with » years' experience,
wir:>»s work; can furnish good references.
Box C57. Cai!.
WANTED— By a young .German, a position as
a fc'lper in warehouse. Call P. S., 11»
South Park.
• SITUATION wanted by a man, 22 years old;
hort'st anJ n-liable; eon? experience in real
estate l;utir.?»F. Box S70. Call.
i YOUNG man «G^rman) wl?!ies. rcsltlon as
waiter in lestaurant. saloon or te>ardmg-
house. Box OJ. Call.
j YOUNG ir.an. well accjualnted with city,
iwifisen situation: best of references fur-
n!shf'.. Box <-*2. Call.
YOUNG man wants steady uositlor.: honfs:
1 ar.d trustworthy. Address K. G. S., .TWl
Ninetix-nth Ft., city.
! THAMSTER, experienced, v.-ants employment;
will lie willing to assist In other work. Box
I 41S, CaU office.
YOl'NG man. wt"l acquainted In the city,
wL-hcs a »?stt;cn driving light wagon or
work in; id-. Box Ci\. Call. ¦
JOB compositor, first-class, union man. wishes
rt«?a<ly position. Address box GS<5. Call.
A BUTLKR wishes a situation In private fam-
ily; Rood reference. Box C91. Call.
A NEAT bey wants a position. Box C97,
Call office.
POSITION wanted as night cashier. Box 770.
Call office.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper. Box 426,
Call office.
SITUATION in private family by French
gardener and florist. Box 702, Call.
FITUATION wanted to cut Standard oil cou-
j«>n>>. a<Mm *.¦¦ <STO Market st.
A NEAT boy wants a situation in office. Ap-
l;ly box 023. Call.
A KBAT boy wants a position in office. Ad-
dress bcx" CSO. Call.'
BRICKLAYER wants work, city cr country;
good juM>i!:c man. Box <:~S. Call.
PAINTER and decorator want« work In city
cr country, $.1 per day. Box 874, Call.
WANTKD — A position by a young man. Box
C7C. tell. '
YOUNG man wanta position as porter for
hotel. fcPELLMAN, 147 Natoma St.
COAT operator wants position. Address 1312
Howard st.
DRAUGHTSMAN and building superintendent
wants i>osition. Address box 95S, Call.
STEADY man wants position as painter; is
handy with tools. Box 070, Call.
YOUNG man wants to - assist janitor. Apply
R. FRENCH. 21>24 Folsom et. _.
AMERICANIZED . Chinese boy wishes position
in store or office; speaks and writes English.
1011 Pacific street.
WA>TEI>— By an Americanized Chinese, posi-
tion as Hrt*iur*t*r In doct&r** «r >a.w)er'a
• clCct. Addresi 1011 Pacific st.
EMPLO Y31EXT WAXTED— »W ALB. -
Al BARTENDER (French), speaking English
fluently, wants situation; best references in
city. Box 8S2, Call. _¦
YOUNG man wants- night work In hotel or
club; first -class references; very handy. Box
BiM. Call office.
BRIGHT boy wishes position after school:
best recommendation. Addrtss BERT COHN.
Ill Turk st.
POSITION as bookkeeper or office man; nve s
• v £ ars ~ ?*«>erience: will work on trial. Box ,
C07. Call office. %
A MAN 30 years old would like a position in
a liquor store in the city or country. Ad-
drcsa box 038. Call office.
" t
YOUNG man wishes 'situation of any kind:
understands care of horses and a good !
driver; references. Box 641. Call office. ;
GARDENER wants position;" ls~flrst-claes, so- i ,
ber and reliable; best city and country ref-
erences. Box 031. Call office. i
RELIABLE, active married man wants post- t
tlon of night watchman, inside or outside, or
any other responsible position. Box 932, Call.
YOT'NG irsn, studying civil engineering, de-
sires position of some sort for Saturdays.
Box 939, Call office.
A PAINTER, paper hanger and tlnter will do
work at special prices 10 get started. M. H.
Morris. 1914 Geary ct. ; phone Polk 2159.
POSITION as bookkeeper, shipping or stock
clerk by steady and experienced man; 28; •
references. Box Gil, Call office. '•
COMPETENT accountant desires employment*:
four hours daily; balance time occupied. Box I
943. Call office. j
EXPERIENCED druggist: city or country;
competent to take full charge; licensed;
flng-le man. Box 509. Call.
YOUNG man (German) wants position as ship-
ping clerk; don't care for high wages in the ,
ttart. Box GOO. Call. j
A FIRST-CLASS painter, gralner. striper and 1
fair paperhanger wants a position; not less '
than $4 a day. Box 003, Call office. j
POSITION in city or country, or as man about
place, liy steady, reliable young man: handy !
on general repairs. Box 983. Call office.
GARDENER, man about private place wants
position; ran milk; handy with carpenter
toole; Canadian: age 34.- Box 986, Call.
PAINTER and paperhanger wants work by
the day; prices reasonable. CHAS. SIIIREY,
430 Sixth st. :
STEADY, sober man, wants work of any kind; I
can milk; care of horses: no garden work; !
city or country. Box 623. Call office. ]
RATHER old man- would like to work on!
farm in country; good hand at butter mak-
ing. Box 60S, Call office. :
WANTED— A situation for a" 16-year-old boy )
in office, wholesale house or factory. Address i
Box 807. CaU. office.
DRAUGHTSMAN desires position in mechani- |
cal or architectural drawing office. Box (
lOt), 1008 Market B t. j
MARRIED man wants work in city or country; j
understands orchard, vineyard, poultry. Box I
60, 1G0S Market st. ' I
SITUATION wanted — Clerical work of any
bind; rood references. Box 510. Call. i
ENERGETIC young man wants evening work;
not particular. Box C43, Call.
TOOLMAKER for shop and machine use. Box
C53. Call. , !
GOOD fireman and blacksmith wants position
In factory-, ranch or dredger. Box 023. Call.
A BOY wants to learn a trade, plumbing pre-
ferred. Box 424. Call.
NIGHT watchman with references wants sltu-
ntlon. H. L.. 2327 Bryant st. ]
BY young colored man. place to work as
poner or Janitor. Box 626. Call.
SCHOOLBOY wonts a Saturday Job. 144S
Ninth ave.. South San Francisco.
WANTKD— Petition as solicitor. 511 Feli
¦ street.
NEAT boy wants a position. Box S77, Call
office.
BOY wants Saturday job. Bex 614. Call orflc?.
SECRETARY'S position wanted. Address 1703
Gough st. ;
A CAKE baker v.-ants a position. Box 608. !
Call office. I
SITUATION wanted where honest attention to
business is of worth. Box C10. Call office.
WAITER wishes to work lunch and dinner.
Call at 32S4 Folrom. ,
POSITION as gentleman's nurse. Address box
f>3O Call office.
POSITION by strong young German, recently
arrived. Box SI2. Call office.
YOUNG man would like work pf . any kind.
B. F. F., 11 Natoma st.
CREDIT man and collector wishes to change
pcsltion: references. Box G02, Call.
POSITION wanted as errand boy. Box 894,
Call office. j
POSITION as nteftt clerk; hotel. NIGHT !
CLERK. 44 Third St. i
. 1 — - , t
A SOBER, reliable man wants work in whole- !
sale district. Box 089. Call office. . I
A MAN would like a position as porter. Ad-
dress box 041, Call office. \
: WANTED — Work by all-rciind man. 737 Mis- 1
«ion st. :
YOUNG man wants work of any kin<! fcr few ;
months; city reference. Box 1)09, Call*
EXPERIENCED man wants employment as
i.urse. Nurse, II^IO Church St.
POSITION as stableman by competent man.
Box 510, Call. i
PAINTING, paperhanglng and tinting; city or
i-ountry. ."'.C Mary st.
YOUNG man wishes position as stenographer.
HO Fifth- St.. room i2.
YOUNG raw would like position as shinning I
clerk. Box C22. Cell office. |
WANTED— A position as blacksmith. Box 597,
Call, office
I FIRST-class plumber wants situation. Apply
1243 Broadway.
WANTED — Position as an errand boy Box I
U10. Call office. . s
YOUNG stronr man desires work of any kind
Box 6&2, call. <-
BOY. reliable and quick, wants posltltei as ele-
vator boy. Boe 988, Call office.
MAN* wishes position; all round man. Box 1)02,
COACHMAN end gardener wishes situation- t
Kocd references. .Uox 1)07. Call office. " .
WANTED— Position as flr*t-cias7~cellar-man I
H. IC, Me!ro5e, Cal. ' ;
MAN wnnts a position: wholesale house Ad- !
dress G. D. B.y-P. O. K.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Position as bartender, extra or
steady, saloon or grocery. Box 510, Call !
BUTLKR, experienced, desires position In Thy
or country. Box £20, Coll.
ENGINEER would deposit with employer $1CO
In trust for pceltlon as collector or assist in
eettlr.g up or taking down machinery any
part of the country. Box C73. Call office.
COMPETENT bookkeeper. 5 years' experience
banlu flour milt and export business, wants
position; flrst-class,cKy references. Box U74
Call office. i '
A CARPENTER wants work; would best Ilka
to so with a contractor who moftly bulk!*
residences or where steady work can b- se-
curetl. Eox C47. Cull.
BOOKKEEPER with experience an.] knowl-
odge In all lines; good references: steady and
temperate; Mate salary. Box 058, Call.
A GOOD, strong, active boy of. 19 would like a.
situation of any kind; willing to work. W
F., 1145»,i Mission lit.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants jobbing. Box
061. Call office.
GLAZIER would like to get work, city or coun-
try. Box CCO. Call office.
; WANTED— Position as butcherln market. Ad-
drees T. HARRIS. 252|Perry st.
BOY wanta to carry morrlng paper route. Ad-
dress box COS, Call office. .
A COLORED boy. aged 19, English, wants po-
eltion as bellboy In flr&'-clats hotel, club or
residence. Box 429. Call office. -... .
YOUNG man wants to run eleetrfc elevator;
experienced. Apply F. FRENCH, 2924 Fol-
sora st.
UPHOLSTERER, carpet layer, understands
mattres5«s, curtain shades, drapery also
(union), wishes work, city or country. M.
H. VAOASIAN. lOL-tfA Hyde St.
WANTED— Situation by a young man of 22 In
a wholesale house, commission. or retail firm;
$10 per week to start; experience as porter:
. excellent city references. Box C94, Call.
YOUNG Japanese wants a position as school-
boy. 827 Dupont st. .
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position. 923
Washington st.
fJOUN'O Chinese boy wlche* work of any .kind
742 Wasntngton M. .* * : > ¦ ;
EMPLO YMKNT , WASTED— MALE.
POSITION wanted by married man; good
farmer and able to keep place . in repair;
Woman will board hands . or assist w.tu
housework. ' Box 1000. Call office, Oakland.
BARBERS — Position wanted by a first-class
•arber: 11 years In San. FVanclsco . and 37
yars of age; married; wants steady Job. Bos ,
090, Call office. . - ;. , '
F1RST-CLAE? carpenter wishes to take charge 1
of work for property owner, city, S. F.; best :
references. Please call or wrlf 1832 Powell. •
CIVIL engineer: : specialty, railroad and
bridge- construction; now ready for engage- \
mente. Addregga J. H. C. box 714. Call.
A GERMAN atone mason and cement worker,
understands reservoir and oil tank work, '
wants a position. ,Box 414, Call. 1
GOOD paperhanger. tlnter and painter wishes
position In city or country; good at hotel 1
work. Box 734. Call office. ]
CARPENTER workwanted direct from owners;
j:j or contract: first-class work; best ol refer- '
encea. Box 430. Call office.
WANTED— Situation as carpenter's ! appren-
tlce. Addreas 307 Market st.. Oakland.
MARRIED man .wants position as stableman
or teamster in city. Call 430 Third St.
EXPERIENCED stock boy wants a position.
Box 705. Call.
COLORED man and wife would like a situation
In country: can do anything. Box 8292, Call. •
JfON-UNION carpenter, 20 years' experience,
wants job; wages reasonable. Box 430, Call
office, Oakland.
A JAPANESE boy wants to do housework,
from 4 o'clock afternoon, and morning work..
Box 771. Cail office.
YOUNG Japanese wants a position as school-
boy in family. Address HONDA. 614 Pine st.
TACUT. MASSAQB. '
A— WRINKLES removed: flne complexlcn guar-
anteed; new method; 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors. 70* Larkin st. ; phone Polk 17. \
•=-•• " , =5 I
FEATHEH RBXOVATIXQ. -
OSTRICH feathers and boas remodeled, curled j
and waterproofed; gives a luster equal to I
' new; can b? worn a season without losing . '
curl. Potter Waterproofing Co., 50 Geary st.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steazi Feat.h«r
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FINANCIAL. '¦
~~~~ INVESTMENTS.
AVE buy and sell stocks and bonds of all
the active mining, oil, Industrial, bank, loan
and trust companies.
At the prcssnt time we have on hand j
shares of every company operating In the 1
West, besides those of Eastern corporations, j
which we offer at from 10 per cent to SO per j
cent beiow market price. •
If in the market to buy, we can quote you
more attractive prices than yon can obtain I
elsewhere, while our facilities for quick sale
of active stocks are unetiualed.
WATT i COWPER-THWAITE. Bankers
and Brokers. Stockton. Cal.
- 4Vj pKn CENT —
Is paid on ordinary pavings accounts and 6 ;
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix |
Savings B. and p. Association. 516 Call- j
fornia st. A. A. Watkins, president: Charles j
H Bishor>, vice president; S. Prentlss Smith, •
treasurer; Clarence Grange, secretary and man. i
aging director; Gavin McNah. attorney; Georse •
C. Bosrdman and Charles E. Laud, directors; j
Walter K. Smith, cashier. j
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock |
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fl- j
nanclal Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg. 1
TO LET. j
ELEGANT new upper flat, 0 rooms and bath; <
1235 O*Farrell. near Gough; rent reasonable.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
MODERN sunny lower flat; 1540 Hyde, near i
Jackson st. : 6 rooms and bath; rent reason- i
able. G. '11: UMBSEN A CO., 20 Montgery. j
NEW upper flat; 1759 Greenwich, near Octa- !
via; 6 rooms and bath; rent cheap. G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
X HOUSES and fiats to let; an tinmen** list; ;
service absolutely free; take advantage of j
this department; it will rave you time and 1
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co., 245-259. O»ary |
it., on th« square. :
_____ j
ALL of the moat desirable flats and houses are !
. listed In our renting department; let us give ¦
ycu a lift and help you find one in the loca- j
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market 6t.; services abao- i
lutely free. : :
NEW flat* to let, not yet completed; every !
possible convenience: close to main entrance
to park: every room sunny; 5 car lines' ;
rents ?27 iiO to. $35; open 2 to 5. Seventh •
st., near Fulton. - - J
WASHINGTON, 2S72 and 2H78. corner Devls- ,
adero — Elegant, modern, artistic, gunny flats; j
M rooms and bath each: complet? In every 1
detail; rents reasonable. SHAINWALD. j
BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220 Montgomery st. ¦
SEE the new modern 0- room flats for $2.">, ¦
$27 50 and ?3C; cor. Lake st. and Seventh |
ave.: Eddy-st. cars direct; 'JO minutes from :
Powell st. |
; ELEGANT new flats; reversible windows;
¦ blrdseye maple mantels; all modern Improve- (
ments; rent reasonable. 1&XMS15 Ml9!>ion. ;
THREE new, magnificent, sunny flats, 8-0-9 '
rooms; social halls; paneled dining-rooms;
I panoramic view. Pierce, noar McAllister. [
NEW anrt modern 7-room flats: 731-733 Fulton: '
ront* >32 tHj and $33. Apply MADISON & '
BURKE. j
NEW sunny upprr flat, 7 rooms and bath; all ]
latent Improvement.*. M.'J Page st., bat. |
Pierre and Scott. i
: AN Upper flat: ti rooms, bath, yard; rent rf-as- j
onSble. Corner Webster and Clay sts. ;
DOLORES. 230, nr lGth— Elegant new modern j
flat, 8 sunny rooms; bath; 5 bay windows.
GREEN. 1S7J — New, sunny flat, S rooms and i
bath- rer.t $42 50. ;
HAYWARD, 2~>i] off Harrison, near 8th — I
Sunny flats. 3 rooms each, rents $8 and $11. j
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call,
on LYON & HOAG, lie Montgomery at. ;
HAYES, near Shrad»r — New flats; rents r*- .
duced. Mcneta Investment Co.. .'59 Flood bldg:. '
; MCALLISTER. .TU — Parlor floor: 4 unfurnished
rooms: can, oath; $20: adults; call before ;». i
NEW sunny flat; 7 rooms and bath. 3530 1
Sacramento st.; rent $"5. , . . '
NW. cor. McAllister and Flllmore sts., 7 sunny !
rooms, with five bay windows; rent $55. !
SCOTT. 133ft— Flat. « rooms and bath; rent !
S22 50. j
UNION, 97S— Flat, 5 rcoms. bath, $15; 'IP/JO !
Point I^cnoa ave., :j rooms. SS.
UPPER flat. 141 Central ave.: up-to-date, mod-
ern fiat of 7 rooms and bath; all sunny; $40. j
WALLER, 17US, near Park entrance^ — Modern j
punny upper flats," 5 rooms, bath, $22 50, $1'5. 1
$7—2 LARGE rooms and yard. 72G>,J Harri-
son at., bet. Third and Fourth. |
A WEEK'S news for 5 eents — Ths Weekly Call,
IC pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO UST— FURS1SHED.
FURNISHED flat. 4 rooms and bath; $?,0; 1340
Chestnut st. Apply 1>44 Van Ness ave.
FLAT of 7 rooms, partly furnished; cheap. 1198
, Fol3om St., corner Eighth.
FLATS F«lt S A LK — K V H .V 1 8 1 1 U ti.
6- ROOM flat, furnished, for sale; part of rooms
rented; downtown; rent $20 per month. Box
725, Call office.
OAK, 354 — Flat 5 rooms; a snap.
FLATS WAXTED. ~ ~
WANTED— A flat of I or 4 rooms, reasonable.
J. C. SNYDER. box (fl>2. Call. ¦.
gTgamsHED^rraxjL to i!et.~T~
COUNTRY villa of rough stone, Spanish style,
with patio; in orange grbve overlooking San
Gabriel Valley; Ideal climate; electric cars to
Los Angeles; artistically furnished: piano; 5
large rooms; living-room 18x30; large stone
. fireplaces, beamed celling, etc. ;. stone stable;
al! new; C months $50. 1201 Call bldg.
" HIHM'niUE WANTED,
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. II. I
. BURP, auctioneer. ISIS Mkt.: tel. Howard 2750 '
FUHX'TUKK KOlt SALE.
FOR «ale — Furniture of a 0-room flat; carpets,
bedroom suites, narlor set, dining-room and
kltrhen furniture: all new, only been used
0 months. Address box Gil, Call. ¦
A— Brass beds, hair mattresses, weathered ma-
hogany, maple, furn.; handsome dining suit.
• iira|jerlfrs,curuuns;tel. Page 718. 1006 Halght.
ELEGANT carr>ets and draperies at 1411 Van
. Ness ave.; all or Dart of furniture If desired;
must be sold this week; house to let.
FOR sale— Furniture of 6 rooms and bath;
rent $25. 1332 .Bush gt.
FOUR rooms to let; furniture for sale.' 4321j
¦ Vemii St. • ' ¦
HELP AVAM'ISU-FEJIALB.
THE DOMESTIC CLUB,
233 Genrv st., room 30. '..;¦.-/¦
MRS. M. M. THOMPSON, Manager.
Phcnn Bush 654. •
HOUSEWORK. 1
Superior girl about 23 to do very light cook- j
ing for two people; nice flat, where employer
treats help as one of themselves: no wash,
no windows, no sweeping, no heavy work; *20.
2 family; assist with baby...... *2S j
4 family: no heavy work: near San Rafael.. $3o
..-¦ Lady here Monrtay 0:3o a. m. I
3 family r Roes Valley $30 I
4 family; Ross Valley .*.?25 !
SECOND GIRL. 1
v Nice appearing . young girl will be taught
second work; last girl there 4 years;. rood!
family; f>0. >
SUNDRIES. !
Tidy girl, from 11 a. m. to 3 p. m. dally, |
houtework for lady in apartment house; sleep
home: *15; lady here Monday 11 a. m.
A DISHWASHER for small restaurant In
country, $20, board and room. -
A dl3hwasher for small restaurant In city,
$23, board and room.
Cook and second girl In same house In Berke-
ley, S20 and $23.
A cook that understands German cooking,
$35.
2 waitresses for flrst-clasn hotel In city, $25.
Chambermaid for private family In San
Matoo, $25, board and room.
2i) good housework girls. $20 to $25.
• A girl for general Housework in San Ra-
fael. $25.
A cook for large private family in country.
$30. .
IC. B. — TMs office opens 8:30 a. m. and
closes 5:30 p. m. sharp. Call on Monday
morning. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell.
TWO waitresses for country hotel to go Mon-
day, fare paid .$25
Working housekeeper for a mine superintend-
ent: no objection to woman with a child. $'((>
Cook for family bcardlng-housa ?;:s j
Cook for 2 in family; no washing; near San
Rafael; see party Monday : $-10
?it girls for housework, city and country:
also cooking; splendid places $23 to $35
J. F. CROSETT & CO.T1834 Sutter St.
A— jIRONERS wanted on ladies' underwear;
none but experienced need apply. 656 Mis-
sion St.. third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' and children's
wear. 656 Mission st., third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' and children's
wash suits. ti.'O Mission st., third floor.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdreeslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at (10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary st., room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, »»tc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up; 1
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13. j
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdresslng 1
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket'st.. cor. Jones, room fl4; positions secured
wt highest weges: day and eve, class; call.
MKN and women for city and country agents;
weekly salary and expenses or commission;
steady employment. 122S McAllister St., af-
ter 3 p. m. -
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. I.EVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. :J'.'»i FREMONT ST. AND 1373
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED— Cook for small family; country
near town: waares ?2. r >. Call at 2518 Broad-
- way. b«t. 11 anrt 12 a. m.. Tuesday, Janu-
ary 20, and bring references; care fare paid.
LADIES. *S to $15 paid weekly, doing plain j
sewing home; no experience; material sent
free. Address for particulars, Weber Manu-
facturing Co., 1135 Broadway, New York.
WANTED — A lady with same knowledge of
European usages, as a traveling companion
to n. middle-aged man. Address In own
handwriting. ICOrt Polk «t.
LADIES — To do piecework home; we furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly; send
stamped envelope to ROYAL ( CO., 34 E.
Monroe Bt.. Chicago.
GIRL for housework In small family at 2149
Stuart Bt. Berkeley. Call at place or at |
Dr. P. F. C. Blehl. 027 Market, room 216.
Emma Spreckels bldg.
IF you wish to earn money by writing short
stories or by acting as news correspondent,
address United Press Syndicate, 3Zi Postal j
bldg.. Indianapolis, Ind. . 1
BRIGHT younjr lady to l?arn magic mind rend-
ing and hypnotism and assist in that line of
work. Address Magician, box 02, 100S Mar- 1
ket «t. :
WANTED — First-clap? millinery raleswoman:
mupt have city experience. VOGUE CLOAK
AND FUR CO., 217_Grant av^.
LADIEK-r-Most profitable steady home, work; $!)
to $15 weekly; material free; r.o canvassing;
send stamped envelope. Surety Co... Chicago.
WANTED — A middle-aged woman for light
housework; 2 In family. Apply at the end
. of blue car line, ocean beach fruit stand.
LA DY bookkeeper; stat» references, former
experience; and salary required. Box 521,
Call office. I
GENERAL housekeeper: two In family: ex-
cellent wa?es: Wlnnemucca, Nev.; refer-
ences. Call mornlntc. 2154 Sutter at.
GIRL wanted to do light housework. Apply
Monday from 9 to 2 at 2C0 Sixth St., above
butcher shep^
WANTED — A few salesladies free to travel;. $15
per week nnd transportation; Catholics pre-
ferred. Box OCC. Call office^
WANTED — A larty with $450 to engage in es-
tablished me.ssaKo biu-Inets; experience un-
necessary. 751 Lr.rkln Et.
WANTED — More consumers for genuine Cali-
fornia FIk Coffee anl Asparagus Coffee.
HERM. MEYER. 1130 Eddy st.
WOMAN to clean house. --Apply at 412 Grove
etreet.
WANTED — A clrl to assist In general houw-
work. 12S2 Pare Bt. • tjy;
A LADY partner wanted In store; $150 cash.
Box 547. Cail office. ;
NEAT woman, nisist housework: $15. 1219
Eleventh ave.. Sunset, near H St.: car fare.
EXPERIENCED tuckers and operators: also
girls to sow buttons on ladles' waists. 28 1st.
OPERATORS on skirts; steady work and good
pay. S. BADEN. 113 First Bt.
WANTED— A Klrl' to do general housework;
must speak English; wages $20.' 1014 Powell.
REFINED woman for high-class position;
some nursing experience. Box 987, Call.
A YOUNG lady for a i household eoods stor?:
state wages. Box 001, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS operators. MAJOR CON WAY,
70 Flood bulldlnr.
CLASSES in millinery now forming; prices
reasonable. S07 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — A girl to assist with housework;
small fiat; no children. <C0 pevesadero.
AT Greencbaum, Weil &. Michel's ractory. Ml
Mission it,— Operators on Crown neglige?
thlrta; best prices: steady work; a few Inex-
perienced hands will be taken and taught.
WANTED — Young girl to take care of baby.
222S Polk street.
RELIABLE ranch cook: with or without a
child; good home; good wages. 4ft" lUh st.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework;
small family: no washing. 251S Pino st.
YOUNG^lady bookkeeper wanted: references
required: state experiences. Box 632. Call.
WOMAN to do washing. 212 Perry st.
GIRL for housework: good position for right
party. . 022 I; Ills st.
COMPETENT cook; Institution.' 2344 Sutter st.
A BRANCH office of The Call Tor the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions hat
If en opened at 100* Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. tn. •
HEia* ~\VANTED— MALE3.
AT CAL. EMP. AGCY'., 14 3d St.. nr. Call bdg.
10 teamsterp.fi 75 day, nt«r city.
* NEW R. R. WORK. SOUTH.
25 laborers, %'i per day.
25 teamsters, ?2 per day.
3 experienced grafters on prune trees, $3 .'>»>
day.
Matcher and sticker man, 35c per hour.
cXrtPET and wall paper salesman for store
In the country; $80. and percentage.
Middle-aged man as collector and solicitor for
first-Mai's ntore in city; $30. I
See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 028 Sacramento St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Bellboy, city. *20r. no room. ¦ . |
BOOKBINDERS — Foreman wanted: must be 1
good manager and have some knowledge of j
estimating; good place" for right man. Ad- j
drees, statins experience, general quallflca- \
tlons and wages expected. Box 911, Call.
BOOKBINDER wanted— First-class blank book
forwarder: one familiar with plain printed:
work: first-class wages and steady work for
live, steady - man. F. MALLOYE, 422 Sac- i
ramento st. , -. ' i
A— ~~~ L ~~ L
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 635 Clay »t.
HELP WASTED—MALE Con.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1'J(>;t we crave 1004 we hope to
00,000 men work. Increase 60,000.
1 . - ' ,
j Milker. Santa Clara County. $35 found.
j Milker and eheeserr.aker. north. $40 fcurM.
I Milker and make, butter, aee boss h»re; Ne-
vada.
j Milker, Sisklyou County, fare paid. $.J5 fd.
I 14 farmhands, «-JG-$r.O fcund; 4 prucers.
I -25 woodchotipers. summer and winter Job.
j redv.ood, M>c; pine, St 23; hardwood. $1 Oo J
cord.
* 4 woodefcoppers. Sonoma County, $2 cord. •
¦ 2 woedchoppers, Mariposa Co., |2 cord.
! SOUTH.
1 ARIZONA^ CLOSE TO PRESCOTT.
OK* Miles. Arizona. 10 10.
SHIP DAILY
ARIZONA.
Blacksmith, country shop. $50 foucd.
Blacksmith, run shop on shares.
"Cooper, slack work, good Job. /
Shlnjrle sawyer, north,- S65 found.
Shingle Jointer. Mendocino Co.. $33 found.
Carriage trimmer, south.
Nurseryman, orchard, ?28 found.
.Pastry cook and baker, country hotel, fSO
found. %
Cook, city restaurant. $30 found.
3 dishwashers, 4 waiters, etc.
Bellboy. 3 married laborers.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MANAGER wanted In everv large county for
.renting our famous "Skilliard Oame" to pub-
lic places; strictly lawful everywhere; re-
places forbidden slot machines; can be
played with nickels or pennies; electric bell
ring* each time It scores; sample game fur-
nished agents free: the "Skilliard Game"
never sold, always our property: agents
make from $75 to SSCO weekly; 2O.00O rented
first month; tiecure appointment quick. Mor-
gan Safe Co., Department S7, Chicago. III.
BIG 'money for salesman: write fcr our com-
plete ramiil'i outfit of woolens: we make
•¦made to measure clothing superior to any:
experience not required; explicit Instructions;
our prices lowest: your profits larxest: op-
portunity to Increase your Income; exclusive
territory: abundant advirtislns: matter; free
— not one cent do ycu have to lnve#t: we
' start you In paying business; den't miss this
chance. Lock Box No. 8S2. Chicago, 111.
WANTED— Bright men to learn to write ad-
vertisement* by my special 30-day course
In mall Instruction; may earn $25 to $100 a
week; cixnlng-B In every store and business
. house. 1 made 212,000 last year and can
teach you the same. GEORGI3 H. CUR-
HIKR. 12 Lake«lde\bldg.. Chicago.
CLOTHING — Denver to the coast. A promi-
nent wholesale clothing house with widely
advertised line desires high-class salesmen
to cover territory from Denver to the coast:
strong support for right men. Address Ar-
1 nold Advertising Agency. Bourse bjdg.. Phlla.
CORPORATION controlling established busl-
. ness desires aerviees of energetic, experi-
enced business man capable of earning $2500
p«r annum to manage branch office; unques-
tionable references rcoulred. Address Audi-
tor, box 530. Madison. Wls.
SALESMEN— Largest paint makers In South-
west want salesmen everywhere; largest pay
ever offered: best selling proposition; beats
nil competition: no samples; commission*
weekly. F. Hammar Paint Co., St. Louis, Mo.
SALESMAN — Successful man on commitslon:
big net profit fcr right man; specialty line;
clean, highly successful proposition. Bar-
ton-Parker Mfg. Co.. Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
WANTED — By manufacturing house, perma-
nent assistant for branch office: Sift paid
weekly: no capital; experience unnecessary.
Add. Branch Supt.. 324 Dearborn. Chicago.
{ WANTED — Servant, white man. for th» Facul-
ty Club, Berkeley; room anfl board Included
If desired. AoDly to U HUTCHINSON. at
club, University of Cal'fornia, Monday. Wed-
nesftqy cr Friday. 10 to 12.
TRAVELING salesman to sell all classes re-
tall trade; business fully established: high-
priced men Investigate; references. Bos C22,
Detroit, Mich.
I CAJT secure employment for you (If cm-
ployed or unemployed), any kind, anywhere;
Inclose 4 cents for booklet givlne plan.
ROBT. DAW8ON. Kort Smith. Ark.
WANTED — Book binders and paper rulers for
out of city; steady position; wages $18 per I
w««;k: no union men need apply. Address
box 5£9. Call office. j
J STATE manager wanted by short term In-
I vestment comcany; big pay: best .contract
I issued: don't dcla;-- Manager, room 301.
; 121 Geary *t. *
! WANTED— Men everywhere, good r^J". to dis-
( tribute circulars, adv. matter, tack signs etc;
no cahvasslng. Nat'n'l Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
J WANTKD — lien <jror>d pay) to distribute clr-
I culnrs 1 , %dv. mattfr. tack signs, etc.; no
• oanva«»ing. National Adv. Bureau, Chicago.
j $r,0 A MONTH and board; man to tend bar In
I country hot*I: must have ?250 ensh. Owner.
j Taylor Postofflce. Shasta County. Cal.
j WANTED — Hu3tl*rs to tack slffn.". distribute
{ circulars, samples, etc.: no canvassing; good
I pay. Sun Advertising Bureau. Chicago.
1 GOOD printer to run small Job office on per
1 cent. Call to-day, 2 to 4, or any evening,
j -60 Thirteenth st.
GARDENER: mon about place: steady, re-
liable: >iandy with stock; milker: work in
" city ; references. Box CC3. Call of nee.
WANTED — Barber who has his own chair; to
right man guarantee will bo given. Apply
Atchlson, P. O., Point Richmond.
YOUNG men r.nrtd as handy men: also
I rough carornters. U012 Larkin St., Hytle-
j>treet c:-.rs.
100 YOUNG men of IS years, with good char-
acter, tn orpjinlz* military organization. Call
at 473 Valencia St., between « and 8 d. m.
BARBER shop for rale; h?rt: en East St.; call
quick. BTOLZ. 72." Market st.
WANTED — A boy to run errand*. 1MO Geary
street.
I BOY in wholesale house; hours 7 to 6; give
j age and wag*s. Box OOS, Call.
! BRIGHT boy for druc store. Aoply Monday,
AGENTIS Drug Store. _1CO1 Waller tiU
1 WANTED— Clerk fcr wholesale house; state
j - wagr*.- Box C4C, Call.
1 I WANTF.D— Vosetab!emen. Restaurant, 153
Third street. ¦ "»
j WANTED— 10.000 people to buy Vitae Ore.
; 1 TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale 'on account
of other business. 704 Polk st.
WANTED — A first-class woodworker on wagon
work. 233 Beale st.
DETECTIVES — Everywhere, good salary, no
experience. Intl. Detoe. Agcy., Milwaukee.
WANTED — Experienced salesman. Tcy de-
s partment, third floor. Wblte House.
1 GOOD chance to learn new trade; reasonable;
two days; work everywhere. Box 543. Call.
: A BRIGHT, honest boy of 15 or 10 to learn
. the hardware business. 414 Market St.
j WANTED— Blacksmith helper on wason work
1 j at 4:J7 Francisco st.
WANTED — Tile setter. Apply Monday morn-
Ing. 245 Larkin st.
ASSISTANT cutter on shirt waists. JUDA
BROS.. 32O Market St.
WANTED — Pantsmaker. 438 Geary st.
WIRE frame makers. California Hat Co.. C07
Mission st.
BUTLER: ?45; city references. The Domestic
Club, 233 Geary st., room 30.
WIRE frame makers. California Hat Co.. 597
Mission st. |
GOOD stronz boy to work In coalyard early
Monday moraine. 620 Halght st.
TWO-chair barber shoo. $43. 113U'i FoUom st.
CITY salesman; call Monday. Inquire for C.
H. Gunn, HCo*i Broadway. Oakland.
TWO-chalr barber shop; flne mirror, wash-
- stand; linoleum: $5(1. 1C74 MUsion »t. ¦
BARBERS, take notice — The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 0 City Hall sq.. or 1004 Market St..
Journeymen Barbers' Union . Local 148 JOS.
R. BLEILY. Secretary.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoe? halT-
t-oled when you can- get It don# for 25e. 00c
and (>0c while you wait at 563 Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.
WANTED — An enterprising man on a fishing
expedition South: big profits; some capital
• required. Inquire HERMAN ARNHEIM. a
Steuart st.
WANTED — Sole leather cutter, edge trimmer
1 - and setter. bottom BnLvher and trv«r.
j ; WENTWORTH S. & L. CO.. 19th — Bryant.
i WANTED— Man to work In fruit store. 1.115
I Stockton *t.
I BOY. 14 years, paint shop and store: 34 week
S first six months. Box SCO. Call office.
i WANTED — Able-bodied man to work tn <ce
. factory In the country. Box 652, Call.
FOR sale — Two-chair barber shop; good loca-
tlon; cheap rent. 330 Main «t. ,
BARBERS — Good 4-chalr barber shop for sale;
• owner wishes to sell on account of sickness.
Cail at DECKELMAN BROS.'. 1C8 Ellis «t.
REiP W.WTKD MALE— Co«tl»«'*.
- - ... i
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
.""tV- Montgomery «t. — 328.
Finest employment office in the world.
Phone Main 1191. Upstairs.
COAL MINERS — OREGON — NEW MEXICO,
experienced quarry man. boss here. $2 50:
V2 woodchoppers. north, good timber, bf?
job. ?1 50 cord. 4 ft. wood; « woodchoppers.
north, 4 ft. redwood, 80c cord; handy man.
dredger. $40 found; 5 woodchoppers, 4 ft.
pine, Xl 25 cord; cook and chores, ranch,
|29 fcund.
WANTED — Gccd bush-lman; steady work and
Boo'l wages. Apply 3CS Bush st.
WANTED — Men and women»to learn the bar-
ber trade; wages paid while learning. Call
» cr address WESTEKN COLLEGE OF BAR-
BERS, 647 Commercial St., San Francisco.
THY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 *nJ
SI 60 per pair, foot-form slums at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. |:t SO; best shoes on earth. It
Third at.. £um. bUg.. 3 doors from MirkM.
WANTED— Thorough accountant of modern
methods, capable of preparing financial state-
ments of complicated commercial business;
references required. Box 422. Call.
BARBER shop for sale: 3 chairs, hydraulic,
combination case, first class, up-to-date: bese
location; will stand Investigation- Address*
A.. Call office. San Jose. ¦
1C0 YOUNG men of 13 sears, with good char-
acter, to organize military organization.
Call at 473 Valencia st.. bet, g and S p. m.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Bush
St.. third floor, room 4. •
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for sale; strictly
modern. 137 Third it.
WANTED— Man to drive laundry wagon: muse
have |230. French Laundry Co.. 3373 Mission.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships. Apply DENT'S place. 26 Steuart St.
GOVERNMENT positions — More than 13.000 ap-
polntraenta la.-t year; chances better now; ex-
aminations every State; thousands prepared by
National Correspondence Institute. Washing-
ton, D. C. the originator* of this work. ar«
In the service. Write for circular J-l. show-
ing positions, salaries, examinations, samn'i
Questions, etc.. to Pacific Coast Office. 927.
Market st., San Francisco, Cat,
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14.000 appointment*
last year; free examination paper and cata-
log giving positions and salaries. Dept Q.
Western Correspondence University, Sa:i
Francisco.
EXPERIENCED business men and women de-
siring mercantile position with good com-
pensation are requested to rail on the Royal
Mercantile Co.. suite 19. Columbian building.
910 Market at., or to 052 Broadway. Oakland.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at room 14.
ftrth floor. 3C5 Larkin st.. for *-•• Information
as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good,
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 479. Parrott building. ____
WANTKD — An ali around bookbinder; on« wh>i
can do forwardtn; and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL A CO.. 741
Market st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to ths Denver Hous*.
217 Third sL ; 230 rooms; 23c to 50c per aUnt.
WASTED — A first-data caniage blacksmith nt
Kood wages. Apply to A. MEISTER tt SON.4
CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
TRY ov.r men's shoe?, union made, at fl in 1
$1 CO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 ElliJ St.; 14
| years' practice; references from thousands of,
persons (or whom I have secured pensions.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
. ktt — 7UO rcoms; 3.V night; reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MEN to If am barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 4O. Phelai*
MrfS. Past Com. Geo. II. Thomas Post. Q.A.R.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church st3.
A BRANCH ofnee of The Call for the- recepti^
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1CC& Market St.. opposite, Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged. haiC
price. WK M!ssion.8t., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GF.T ynur shoes half soled while waiting; 23<J
to 50c. S«3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AKP WAGO39.
v;
FOR sate— At Eclipse stable. 1375 Eddy rt.—
1 sp*n bay mares. 15-1 hands; weight 22"»:
gocrt drivers; 1 good plow team; 1 cheap
•add!c horse.
WANTED — To buy a stylish horse, one that is
not Mow; also a buggy and set of harness;
must be In tintcp order; prefer baggy with
rubier tire*; state Tfull particulars, price,
age and tlm«» of horse. Box B17. Call.
DON'T FORGET THE BIG AUCTION TUES-
DAY. January 2>'>. 11 a. m.. at 1140 Folsoni
St.. of 4B horses and wagons, surreys, bug-
Kie*. carts and harness; no limit; everything
must be sold.
NICE bay road -horse, lfl hands. 9 years;
sound and gentle: can pace 2:20 gait; per-
fect in every way; sold for want of use. S."
C. HAMMOND. Fpreckels Market.
FOR »ale^ — Very stylish young mare. Lottery
Ticket stock: also new Bailey buggy and nev
harness. 60& Golden Gate *re.
FOR sale — A delivery horse. 7 years old; al.«-»
2 spring dettvery wagons and harness; good
rendition. Box C24. Call.
HORSE for sa> 245S San Bruno road.
3 LARGE work horses, weighing 13C0 a piece.
2415 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
FOR sale -6 second-hand express wagona anJ
two trucks. 2:3 Beale st.
BUSINESS bossy, also rubber-tire buggy.
cheap. 63OV4 Natoma *t.
HANDSOME bay gelJlng; good driver. 1C«4»
Valancia gt.
FOR sale — Horse and wagon. Addrtss MR3.
M., 45 Thornton St.. city.
FOR sale cheap; 3 spring business wagons.
new; 1 2d-hai:d wagon. 1«S.'» Mission. nr.lSth.
Al EXPRESS wsjron. light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
; Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, huckb'd. sur-
rey.harness.work.drlvtng hcrses. 15th- Valencia.
A Y.'EEK'S news for 5 cents — The Wnekly Ca!l.
IB pages. In wrapper, for mailing. %X per year.
.HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send I for clr-
cular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— KOUSES and fiats to let: an ImmnN n»tj
service absolutely free: tak* advantage of
toil department; It will mv« you tins* ant
triable. Cordes Fursltur* Co., S4A-2&* C«ary
; ¦ »t.. en U>« aquare.
CORNER Cough and Bush; very sunny, mod-
ern residence; 11 rooms an.-! bath. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. UO Monteomery a^
EUREKA, near Eighteenth — House of 4 rooms;
large yard; S13. ¦ t48 Market st.
BEFORE moving get cur printed list of hou»««
to Ut. BALDWIN * HOWELL. -3 Post st.
HOUSKS TO LET Ft'HSiSHKP.
i NEW. modern house, new furniture; on car
line; central location: choice surroundings;
complete In all furnished details; flne piano:
!> rocm* and bath: sun in every room; will
lease for 6 or 12 months. Box t'5i». Ca'.ly
HOUSES TO LET — FURSISHEO.
FOR* sale — Completely furnished 8-reom flat:
reasonable. Call Monday. 7 Hyde st.
[y'"\ I.WKSTMB.M'a.
BONDS STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
AH dividend-paying securities for sale.
GHRMAN1A INVEST CO.. 027 Market »t.
LOST A.\t> KOt'SD.
LOST— A purse containing small change and
sunburst pin; solitaire diamond center; val-
ued as a keepsake by a widow; liberal re-
ward. 829 Hayes st. __J
FINDER of feather boa recently advertised call
at 8X1 Hyde st. for box In which to keep It.
Boa is marked and will t>» known.
LOST— On th* 14th inst.. amethyst and silver
rosary beads. Return to 412 Scott st. and
recflve reward. ¦ ..
LOST — Black. ts.n and white fox terrier: an-
swers name Blinker Murphy: tag 4704. ' He-
. turn 142H Laxuna st. : reward.
LOST — On Wednesday.- coal* foxwrrier. with
collar and license; black and tan heai* and
ears, black mark back of head and two largn
black marks en body; liberal reward. 2344
Jones st.' ~
LOST — Irish setter; whit* spot on head. R«-
turn 122 Hartford st. : reward.
LOST— Pearl stud Reward at 418 California
street.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments' See Page Forty-Si*COMMERCIAL NEWS
POMESTIO PORT.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Jan 23— Schr flaosm.
Late Shipping Intclliscnce.
Saturday, January 23.
Stmr Chico, Martin, (.'ixjuillf! River
Albert Mey<*r to Emma Winter, lot on 9
lino of II street. 57:6 E of Eighteenth avenue,
E 25 by S 100; $10.
Frederic K: and B*ll M. Magee tr> Nelson V.
and An» M. Jensen, lot on B line of West Paric
street. 275 W of Mission. W 25 by S IO». lot
7. blook L>. French and Oilman tract; J1O.
John L. and Phoebe L* Dodge to Jac«b
WelJsbeln, lot on E line- of Lnndin street. 25O
N of Russia avenue. N 25 by E 100. block IX.
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to William II. G°r
ran. lot un NE line of Rrazll street, 25 SF3
of Lisbon. SE 25 by NE 100. block 23. Excel
sior Homestead: $10.
Building Contracts.
J»an M. Boyd. trustee of estate of AI
rxander Boyd. deceased fownrr>. with J P
Fraser (contractor), architect Nathaniel Blai»
d>n—Painting, etc.. for alteration* and addi
tions to 11 3-story and banemont brick bulld-
Inr on NW corner Rattery and Pine streets.
N 45: IO by W 1P.7-.U: ?14Sr.. «rects.
John T. Wright to Mercedes M. "Wrtirht. lot
en W line of l_aguna street. 164:6 N of Broad
way. N 27:« by W 107:6; gift.
Henry and Anna Becker to John and Annls
Burke, lot on S line of Fell street. 55 W oC
Buchanan. W 27:6 by S 120; $10.
John F. and Mary S. Merrill to Gladys M.
Bates, lot (in N line of Broadway, 02:6 £ of
Baker street. E 45 by N 137:6; gift.
Henry Rich to John C. Meyer, lot on N linn
of Fell street. 181:3 W of Clayton. W 80 by it
137:6: $10.
Henry Rich to Alexander L. Benioff. lot on
N line of Fell street. 81 :3 E of Cole. E 25 by K
100; $10.
Henry Rich to Philippine M. Henderson, lot
on S lino of Hayes street. 106:3 W of Clayton.
W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Joseph and Louise Harvey to Frank M. aacX
DolHe C. Rollins, lot on W line of Valencia
street. 185 N of Sixteenth. N £!:« by W 9O:
?10.
Wilbur F. Porter to Oscar F\ I^urson. lot. on
W line of Hartford" street. 110 S of Nineteenth.
S 25 by W 83; Quitclaim deed, $1.
Daniel Buckley to Oscar F. Larson, lot oa
W line of Hartford street. 110 S of Nineteenth.
S 25 by W S3: quitclaim deed. $1.
Oscar F. and Sophie Larson to May E. and
Dennis C. Ilerllhy. lot on W line of Hartford
street. 11O S of Nineteenth. 8 25 by W S3: $tO.
Catherine Sullivan, to Catherine T\ Sullivan,
lot on S line of Elizabeth street. 118:3 4-12 a
of Guerrero. E 25 by S f>4:n; cift.
William C. Sponcer to James F. tyHanlon.
lot on S line of Twenty-serond street. 200 E ot
Guerrero. K 25 by S 114; $10.
Charles C. and Florence E. Bemls to Charted
F. Do<* lot on SW corner of Army and Guerrero
streets. S 51:6. W 100. S 62:6. W 20O. N 114.
E 300; $10.
Mary L. Slocum to James M. Robinson, lot
on N line of Twenty- fourth street. 158:8 W of
Sanchez. W 50:11 by N 114: also lot on SW
corner Twenty-second and Sanchez streets, 3
76:« bv W 105; $10.
Charles and Johanna Jantzen to Fan Fran
cisco Sulphur Company, lot on NW corner
North Point and Jjurxjnt streets, N 137 :« by
W I.°.7:6: $10. .
' John and Catherine O' Dea to Bertha Sanders,
let on NW line of Jessie street, 435 NE of
Sixth. NE 23 by N>%«>; $10.
Ann Kelly tr» game; lot on SE line of Steven
son ptreet. CCS SW of Filth. SW 47:6 by SB
75: ?10.
Catherine Downinc to Edward A. and Wil
liam S3. Downins. lot on SK corner of Har
rison and Mariposa streets. S 20O by T. 124:3:
also lot on N lin^ of Geary street. 220 W of
Franklin. W 27:0 by N 137 :fi; also lot on W
lln«! of Thirteenth avenue, K5 N of J street.
N 00:l> by W 120: also lot on N lin<» ot Jack
son street. 20 :!> W of Cherry. W 50. N 03.
NE «O. SW 102:0'_; all property In the Stats
of California: 510.
Solonvin and Dora Getz to Felix II. Irvine.
of H street. S 50 by W 120: $H». *
JANUARY 23.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The many visitors to London who
flock here at this time of year will be
interested to hear that the Pyx Chapel,
in 'Westminster Abbey, which has
hitherto been jealousry guarded from
the public gaze, is shortly to be lighted
by electricity and thrown open for gen
eral inspection. Here was formerly tho
royal strong room, where the regalia
and the King's money were kept, and
from this treasury in 1303, while Ed
ward I was warring in Scotland, was
stolen the £100,000 which was to pay
the expenses of the campaign. The
stone door, with seven locks, had for
merly a covering of human skins, and
one wonders if they were those of the
daring robbers of Plantagenet times.
The pyx, which contained the stand
ard pieces of gold and silver used at
the "trial of the pyx," first ordered in
the reign of Henry II, has been trans
ferred to the mint, and the regalia,
since the restoration, have been kept at
the Tower. The only object of interest
now to be seen in the chapel, if we ex
cept a few ancient chests, is an old
stone altar, and there is no longer any
reason for keeping it under lock and
key. — London Chronicle.
The Famous Pyx Chapel.
MISCEIXAXEOUS.
Alaska P A.138 140 lOceanlc S C. 4& 5
Cal F C A. 94% — Pac Aux FA 5 «
Cal Wine A. — 95%Jpac C Borx.167 —
Morning' Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers* Association... 139 00
60 Hutchlnson S P Co, s 10 8 «24
10 S F Gas & Electric 6S B0 
10 S F Gas & Electric 68 62l_
125 Spring Valley Water Co 40 0O
6 Spring Valley Water Co S9 87?4
49 Spring Vclley Water Co 39 75
$2,000 SF&SJV6per cent US 12>.
$1,000 Spring Val 4s (2d mtge) 99 60
Afternoon Session.
Street —
$1,000 Pac Electric Ry 5 per cent.... 105 00
$8,000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent 134 0O
.fp.Wp B P of C 6s (1905. Series A).. 104 00
$10,000 fcpring Valley 6 per cent 107 00
California Slock and OHExchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma .••••••••••••......„„.
Apciio "45 "4g
Associated Trust Cert 17
Axtec
California Standard '.'..'. "12
Caribou _ 00
Central Point Con CO
Chicago Crude
Claremont 50 51
Esperanza 1 50
Four .-? 70
Fulton 4C0
Giant
•Hanford 140 00 142 00
Home 1 jo'. ....
Imperial '
Independence 13 "15
lunctlon is
Kern 450 ....
Kern River *
Lion ' oi
Monarch of Arizonal ::s 41
Monte Crlsto 75 771J
Occidental of W Va 14 is
Oil City Petroleum 29 30
Peerless .
Pittsburg ....
Reed Crude 4 60 ....
S F & McKittrlck ....
San Joaquln O & D ....
Senator 65 ....
Sovereign 37 39
Sterling 2 70
Superior ....
Thirty-three 6 00 7 00
Toltec 19 20
Twentv-elght 6 00
West Shore 30O
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 30 1 CO
Alameda Sugar 290O
American Biscuit i 50 00 ....
American District Tel ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ....
California Cotton Mills 89 00 95 00
California Jockey Club ....
California Shipping Co ....
Cal Title Ins & Trust ....
Central Bank of Oakland ....
Chutes Company ". .... ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 23 ....
Fischer's Theater ....
Gas Consumers' Association ....
Honolulu Sugar 12 00 ....
Northern Cal Power S 50 9 00
North Shore Railroad 2000
Orpheum Company 16 00 ....
Pacific Stntes Tel & Tel ....
Parafflnc Paint 35 00 ....
San Francisco Drydcck ....
Sanitary , Reduction Works.. 1 50 ....
Sausalitn Land & Ferry ....
Sperry Flour Company.... ; ....
Standard Electric
Tesla Coal Co 29 00
Truckee Klectric ....
Union Sugar ....
United Gas & Electric ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
2000 Oil City Petroleum 29
no Kern Oil 4 BO
25 Reed Crude 4 «O
100 Claremont SO
1000 Independence 14
.%0 Home 1 12V*
1200 Occidental 14
230 Central Point Con 60
Street— '
1100 Petroleum Center OR
700 OH City Petroleum, b SO... 30
Mining Stocks.*
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 35. 300 Hale & Norc. 70
1100 Belcher SOr ] 00 Justice 09
300 Bullion Mr S0O Mexican 170
200 Bullion OS 800 Overman 21
100 Caledonia ... 01 100 Ophir 4 25
100 Chollar 24 200 Ser Releher. . (W
300 Chollar 2T, SCO Seg Belcher. . 07
25O Con C & Va.l 65 .10O Union Con .. S5
S0O Con Imperial. 04 1300 Utah 13
400 Con NY 07 200 Yellow Jacket 38
300 Crown Point. 25
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacifies
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morninjr Session.
100 Andes 37 300 Sierra Nev .. «*
100 Andes 3S 10O Sierra Nev .. 70>
100 Belcher 30 2CO Union Con .. S«
200 Con C & V.I R2»i 100 Union Con .. 88
400 Con C & Va.l 65 100 Union Con .. 01
100 Confidence ...1 lf> 200 Utah 14
100 Mexican ...1 77^ 2C0 Yellow Jacket 3J>
10O Ophir 4 17U 2C0 Yellow Jacket 40
200 Potosl 24
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Folio. -Ing were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Esperanza ... 01 500 Rescue 07
300 Evelyn 25 40O Ton Belmont. 67
S0O Mont Ton ..ISO 200 Tonopah Ex.. R5
• BOO Mont Ton..l 32'i 1OO Ton Midway. 40
2W> Paymaster ... 10 150 Ton N Star.. 35
000 Rescue 06
CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
SATURDAY. Jan. 23—12 m .
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask
Alpha 0* 10 Justice os 10
Alta J'- 14 Kentuck 04 Of.
Andes "•"> -MKeyes Grass.. — 1 7 S
Belcher "«° -I) Lady Wash.. — <>7
Best & Belch. 1 70 1 SO | Mexican 1 70 1 so
Bullion ...... *"* 00 'Occidental .... 70 72
Caledonia ... «> Wi! Ophir 4 .T5 4 40
Challenge Con 21 1\>| Overman .... 2G *»7
Chollar 24 25 Potosi 2t 23
Confidence ...10O1 io Savage -.. 57 M
Con C A Va.l FO 1 M Scorpion o.i 03
Con Imperial. O.1 04 Seg Belcher.. 07 us
Con N Y <W 08 Sierra Nev .,- «7 r»
Crown Point. 24 2C Silver Hill .. 6S 70
East Sierra N 05 — St Louis .... __. «q
Eureka Con.. — 5^ Syndicate ... 04 C»5
Exchequer ... 1< 20 Union Con .. RS r<%
Gonld & Cur. 30 40 Utah n u
Hale & Norc. 85 0.> Yellow Jacket 39 40
Julia "5 07
TONOPAH MINKS.
BldAsk -L Bid. Ask.
E-xperanza ... — oi| ion Belmont. 6-f (57
Gold Anchor. — ?5|Ton & Cal — » 5
Hannapah ... — Ex.. 43 —
Hannapah Mu — 25 Ton Fraction. — so
MacNamara.. 00 — [Ton of Nev.5 37U
Mitpah Ex... 25 — Ton N Ftar. . 3» 35
!>.lont Ton..l 30 1 32«^|Ton Midway. 38 40
H T Ton .... — or,, Ton Superior. fin
Paymaster ... — 20 United Ton... — in
Ray &. OBrien — 10 Utopia — '¦ rn
Rescue ....... 05 (8
A friend is r man with whom you can
go camping tw«<~
Car building has become a science,
the details of which are worked out
carefully in the Interest of the safety
and comfort of the traveling public.
The solidity and strength of the sleep
ing car are regarded as guarantees of
safety for. -which many people cheer
fully pay the additional fee required
for occupying them. A review of rail
way accidents for the year shows that
a very small percentage of those who
suffered from them were occupants
of sleepers or chair cars, the principal
reason being that these cars were
heavy enough and strong: enough to
resist shocks that wrecked the ordi
nary passenger coaches and reduced
to splinters the mail, express and bag
gage cars.
The modern engine is a machine or
wonderful power and endurance; the
vestibule system makes a compact and
solid train, the resistive powers of
¦which reduces very largely the danger
to passengers in case of wreck. Be
tween these two extremes, drawn by
the one and pushed, in case of suddea
stoppage, by the other, are the mail,
express and baggage cars that are
constructed on lines that have fol
lowed the road for years, showing al
most no improvement. It follows
that the workers on these cars are en
gaged in vocations of extraordinary
hazard, and the Government, in be
half of its faithful servitors, the rail
way mail clerks, will be asked and
urged to pass a law requiring mail
cars to be more substantially con
structed. — Exchange.
It is asserted, and the proof of the
truth of the assertion is not wanting,
that measures for the protection of
railway mail clerks from injury by col
lision and other forms fof railway dis
aster have not kept pace with meas
ures with which the great railway sys
tems have in recent years been busy
for the protection of other classes of.
travelers. For example, ensines have
increased In weight and strength of
constructionrand vestibuled cars have
been built that are almost proof against
telescoping, whereas such changes as
have been made in the mail car render
It more likely than ever to be crushed
between the heavy masses before and
behind it in case of collision. In ghast
ly proof of this neglect is the large
percentage of mail clerks who are kill
ed or injured in the service. Congress
at Its coming session will be asked to
look Into the matter and enact a law
compelling railroad companies to ex
tend improvement -1n car building to
the mail cars that are a part-and a
very important part— of their rolling
stock. . ¦¦"¦.•.'¦¦-."'
inz Cars of More Substan
tial Construction.
Passage of Law To Be Asked Rcquir-
PROTECTION' NEEDED «
FOR MAIL CLERKS
THE SAN. FRANCISCO GALL,. SUNDAY, JANUARY 24, 1904.
Continued from Page Forty-Seven.
46
MEDICAL
MRS. DR. WYKTlI. specialist for all female
ocmplaintt-; im-tant relief guaranteed; 30
j,«-_it> oxperir-m-e; removed to S2« Post «t.
JinH. l.<n. KOHL, reliable (-racialist for all fe-
male trouble* and irrrpularities: instant re-
lipf guaranteed. lOOS'-* Market ft., oyp. 5in.
VAUPEAV9 -female pili?; best rogu!_ting pills
¦ Mid; price f _ 50 by express. Pasteur s
EVrtace «:id tablets: price sr>. By express
fiily on ro-oipt of price. OSGOOD HROTH-
KKS. wholn-«K> drus_isti. Seventh and
Bruadmy. Oakland.
I>K. <.;. W. <ri>O*XELL— All vilio are sick or
m trouble consult this pptti-lift on female
cunpU&tr; positively corrected; the unfortu-
JiMtp ln!;.c,l; tlw most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. IflS Market st.
CATARRH. DEAF2CESS and NOISKS in EARS
IK-.filtiv.-ly i-ured: new method: 1 week's treat-
ment fiW. Ur. Cottingham. 2<H Sutter f-t.
SIRS. !>. ALLEN.'IHS Market— Reliable ladies'
sp.-.-lalij'l : ;i private Iiome before and during
confinement; Ivm medical oaro: low tre*.
Dis. Goodwin. 7S3 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstelri-s. lemale complaints; ini=t. relief;
treat:rent HO; fc<ti:». 10 to 5; 25 year-' exP*r.
DR. OCSSKS ret-i.ie* 2»'J5 PotootB st.. corner
-"«"tn: lartiofr. relief or no fee: $?0. j
f>rj.~and MRP. PA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original nicthod <>f treatment. USt Market Ft.
pit, NG TOY KKK. 319" Powell rt.. opposite
t.'»ii<-n S.jufire: all <iiso«M>s cured by herbs.
MINKS A.MJ JI1.M>U.
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns cn» of the most valusble mines in Cali-
• forma, hint placed on the market 20.0W share,
of its stcx-k at 25c a share, the par value
bfing f 1 Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent min-
ing expert l» in charge of the work and re-
port* that the richness of the mine is gaining
mridly as the work advances; this stock will
CO to $2 a fhare within the next 12 months;
intrrestfd forties can eee the quartz end gold
i»V.en out of this mine at the office of their
fiscal agents
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market it.
OOMrrTENT and reliable man desires posi-
tion as a«f-ayer or chemist with mining com-
pany. ".^TAXTOX." 736 Fourteenth «t.
PARTIKS to ODen prornect and form a new
preat A!ame<ian mine. See owner, 3009 22d st.
FOK pair— Stork in valuable Tonopah mine;
Ir^efiigme. »f\ OS. Call office.
ROOMS FOR MOCSEICKEPlXa. *£
A— THL" AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY tvT.
11 ofT MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
VRL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS; :!5 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE HATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: BTEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
FUITS WITH BATH. Jl 50 to J2 00 PER
1>AV: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
POUTH H'41.
Af-'HWORTH HOTEL.
."._« Maxcn #t.. b?t. Geary and O'Farrell.
Hoomt with or without Drivate bath.
New addition ju»t completed; entire house
r.»aly renovated; run in rooms all day.
A— WHY remain in cold rooms when you can
set warm apartments at the Knickerbocker j
Apartim r.ts. l"40 Plr.e «t.? |
ALAMEDA — For rent. 2 or 3 furnished rocms; j
iiouFekcejiing privileges. !*• O. box 72, Ala-
meda.
BELVEDERE. 141— Newly furnished 2, 3 or
4 rooir.F; garden: Panhandle district.
CASTRO. 42:: — Two large sunny front unfur-
nished rooms in modern flat; suitable for
lieht liousckcepiiis: moderate.
CALIFORNIA. J42T— 3 beautiful rooms; sunny;
private b*th ; garden; $30.
CALIFOUNA. 300*J — Clean, very sunny base-
ment room.
CA lTtORNIA. C9C4— 2 or more nicely furnished
ninny 'ront rooms and kitchen: all modern
improvements; reasonable; call Sunday.
• m < !
E"LK\T:NTH. 106— 2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping : coal Hove.
ELLIS. Cll — Nicely furnished sunny alcova
room: 2 tunny connecting rooms; gas stoves.
FOURTH, 22:.— Nice su-ny front rocro; sult-
aMe u:r light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE. S72— Furnished. 2 lovely front
sunny connecting: gas range; also very large
basement; separate entrance; private.
. GEARY. 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
en s.ite or single ; housekeeping privileges;
running water: gas; reasonable.
HAIGHT. 'MCi— I-srge sunny front bay-window
innrr : kitfl.en. ess. bath, phone; $15.
HAIGHT, 1788 — Two unfurnished sunny rooms
and f-rr.au kitche_; bath and phone.
HAVE 3 or 4 room* completely furnished for
houwkef-'iir.s: crivat* residence; central; j
v«m rc.-ts^nsble. P-ox 742. Call. i
HOWARD. 701 B — Two housekeeping rooms, one
fr'->nt; gas, bath, hot water; $11. Call to-tiay. '
HYDE. 514 — Elegant sunny front Fulte for
hcuf .-keeping ; grate, bath. Phone Hyde 930.
JF-. C ?!K. S23— Newly furnished rooms, complete
fcr huusckeep^r.g; suite -or single; reasonable.
JEfPIE. :i:ii — !>f. !6 r sunny front room; fur-
nished: housek.eping; use range, irrate.
LINDEN ave.. 324 — Sunny front room; use of
kltcfeen for housekeeping for man and wife.
MCALLISTER. 53S— Sunny. furnished suite;
gas. lange. not bath, laundry; adults: $14.
MOOEX House. I2r»j Stockton — Nc-wly furnished
hekpfr.. *::iple tns., S.".-Jl_; gas. bath, phone.
NCVKTEE NTH. 3 4:59. bet. Mission and \>
• l"n<-ia — •"> nii-cly furnished sunny rooms, front
Lay window, parlor, hack rarlor and larga
kit<Mi*n; well furnished; coal and gas ranges;
r»-r.t <h*aj> to permanent peopl?.
PKARL. 3. corner Market — Two furnished
housekeeping rooms: $12; no children.
PINK. 1*29— Large eunny front rooms: will
furnish n«w ; every convenience; $10 to J12 i
month.
rn_,K. 012— $14: bedroom, kitchen; gas etove.
bath; no children.
I-OST. 6«!T. — Front Funny suite; for housekeep-
Ir.s:: ca-: range, running water; ?23 a month.
SUTTER. ICO— Furnished bedroom, dining-
room, kttch'-r.; yard: bath: parlor.
TEH A MA. 217 — Two rooms complete; regular
kitchen: yard; rent fI2 per month.
TVRK. S24 — 4 rooms, same as flat modern
*4O; also S rooms. $15.
TWENTY-SI XTU. _T,«7— Sunny front rooms,
furnished; for lra_Kfeeep_a_ri 512.
VAN NES-S _ve.. 7Qt> — Vacant February 1. 2
•anny front rooms., «-omplete, • $25.
VAN-NHSS. 7K> — A nice alcove suite with sln-
_rl« room; first-class people desired-
VAN NEE3. je_i— Front culte; 3 rooms.
• lr.<.*:«, cas rangr. $25; larre room. $12.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOKS WANTED.
llARItlCD couple desire one or two unfur-
nisli«-«l r"Oiri« for light housekeeping, n«er
:>'_rkot et. Jinx 61ft. CaJl.
houses.
IGLEXDORE— »w apartments on Pine St.,
«-a« of Van Ness a\e. ; r> and 6 rooms each!
>vilh bath. rioa.iT! heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lichts. cas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra tost; will be finished
. r.iih exceptional beauty and fasto and are
now offered for rent unfurnished; tenants
<-aji rent direct from owner, who will manage
the huiiiiinz, now arnroaoliing completion-
jp-n for ini»i*ction. HOOKER & LENT. 14
- — ¦--——-————-——————-—--______,
A,- THE WJLLARD.
Turk et.. rr. Oooch: 2. 3, 4 room-, furnished
< t unfurnished, with private ttaths and mod-
era f-onvenlences; open for inspection 1 to 4
¦ ___i!__? 12 *'''"• «¦•*-.• Phone Red 5436.
MOXTCLAtXt APARTMENTS.
• *r. 1 in* and Taylor rtt.; beautiful new mod-
fir «r>:irtmenl(.; all eunny corner suites- fur-
rishr-J or unfurnished; marine view; phone Pr
* K - Cn - <«"¦ LYOX A- HOAG. 116 Montgomery!
TI1C I_n*rer. 44T. Hayes, cor. Octavia— Juct
oornrlet-O; ronnj : modem 3-nn. apartments;
'•l-gsntiv furnished: electric lights; private
i>mns; $40 up; reft.: also doctors' oftices.
ET. OLClLi:. 115 Fell, stove Van Ness-The
•«tne of perfection In c'.egantly furn. 3-room
«p«r<meM* : private baths, steam heat. elec.
lirhts. elevator, gas ranges.; $30 to $55.
ST. LOUIS. 1.-.75 Jarkson St.— Modern 3-4-6
rooms. _;_o fine'e; furnished or unfurnished;
_jn_Mr:e view: now open; references.
ANTLERS. 117> Turk: modern housekeeping
npartTrynu, 4 or t> rms., fur. or unfur.
H ADDON HALI* ™
851 KDDY rVT. rtKFHnKNCES.
AgABTBE_.-rrS WAZfTEP. .
WANTED— A 3-rwm furnished apartment;
touj-1 be reasonable and central. Box C_S.
«"«H offl'-r.
A*.'Ror:A. «-orner Ker-«,nd and Polsom «ts- — New
rKiUf". new furniture; every room outside;
WK^tn »n«i funny; priws from $1 SO per
•wk up: this U the only up-tvdate house in
lW* vicinity: fim-iiats grlH attached.
A BBCJCSWTCK House. 14S Sixth «t.— Rooms
Sc io $1 p+r night. $1 25 to $3 per we k and
Uf bt ir, ;?< ,." i ir.« rooms; open all night.
" hoOMS AND nOARD—Contlnned^
POST, 1114, near Van Nes»— Sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: terms reasonable; references.
THE NIARA. 015 Taylor— Nicely furnished,
sunny suites; also oingle; excellent table.
SUTTER. 067 <Cr>otal House)— Elrgant rooms;
board optional; respectable: reasonable
HOTEL ELSMEReT~418 Butter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $40: single (25.
NEWPORT. 1018 Pine, near Taylor— Larg* *un- j
njr suites; also single room: excellent tabu.
ROOM and board, modern conveniences, for a
gent.; private family. 1224 Golden Gate ave/
JONES. 047— Well furnished rm; run'g water;
for man employed; $7, with board; reas.. prlv.
BUTTER. 2148— Private, sunny, running wat«r;
good board; all new: free phone. West 869.
Etev*nson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL, 308— Furnished rooms; bom*
cooking; German family: $6 per week.
POWELL, 502, cor. Sutter— Large sunny corner
room for 2. terms reasonable: also single rm.
ROOMS AM) HOARD WASTED.
WANTED— An elderly gentleman end wife de-
sire large sunny room, furnished with all |
conveniences and board; in private family; 1 1
limit $50 per month. Box 875, Call.
WANTED — Board and room or suite of rooms
for man and wife: rooms must be pleasant
and homelike. Address, with rates, box
704. Call office.
BOARD and suite of rooms in first-class hotel
or private family for a married couple; give ;
rates; references exchanged. Box €87. Call.
ROOM and board wanted for a single man;
downtown. Box 712, Call office. ;
YOUNG lady wishes room and board In refined
family; state terms. Box 625 Call office.
" ROOMS WASTED.
. —^ ¦ — ,
BROTHER and sister desir» two or three fur-
nished rooms, light housekeeping. In respeo-
table neighborhood; east of Franklin, north
of Market; prefer place where there Is no
objection to sister giving readings; refer-
ences. Box 0S2, Call office.
GENTLEMAN wants sunny furnished room
i In private family. Box 585, Call.
UNFURNISHED room wanted, between Fourth
and Tenth, on Mission. Box 992, Call office.
SMALL unfurnished sunny ' room for gentle-
man; $4 rer month. Box 695, Call office.
WANTED— By business woman, large, sunny
living room on car line. Box 906, Call. .
WANTED — Sunny furnished room without
board: state terms. Box 544. Call.
WANTED — Room with private bath attached.
Address box 419. Call office.
REAL ESTATI^ITY— FORSALE.
LIBERTY. near Guerrero — Dwelling worth
S4000; make offer: mortgaged $2500. Box
$C50. Call.
STUTTERING AXP _ _ _? TAM3IEAtlJt .°'
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
In every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures: home cure.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following man-lace licenses were Issued
yecterday:
Alfred Hausle. 34, 453 Hayes street, and
Marie Timm, 24, 453 Hayes street.
Clayton P. Shockley. 34, 116 Page street,
and Norah B. Smoke, 33, city.
Michael Flynn. 3(i, 12s »£ Clara 6treet, ana
Hannah McKeov/n, 33. 128 Vi Clara street.
Thomas McCormack, 34, Tacoma, Wash.,
and Mary R. Tavolara, 22, 815 Jessie street.
William F. Barbat, 30. 1310 Folsom etreet,
an-i Emllle M. Kane. 22. 769 Eddy street.
William D. Gray. 21, 781 Sutter street, and
Nellie G. Garrison, 21, 431A Ellis street.
Willie J. Olsen. 26. Sacramento, and Myrtle
G. Judson, 24. Fresno.
Edward A. Laurine, 24, Oakland, and Mabel
H. Brooks. 19. city.
James W. Ely, 30, Winters, and Eva E.
Thurston. 21, Stockton.
Charles H. Spentemann, 26, 175 Lexington
avenue, and Emma L. Echafer, 22, 36 Shot-
well street.
Fratis O. Kunbrus, 32, city, and Ella A.
Willis, 36. Oakland.
John Treacy, 30, 620 Howard street, and
Mary E. Burke. 22. 411 Franklin street.
Carl W. Webb. 24, 503 Gough street, and
Winnie R. Ward, 18, 503 Gough street.
Joao S. Nttto. CO. 624 Green street, and
Raymunda E. Santo, 52, 624 Green street.
Walter S. Duncan, 21, 309 O'Farrell street,
and Marie Bosq, 25, 309 O'Farrell street.
Ralph E. Burns, 29, San Jcse, and Mary D.
Peirce. 24. Moscow. Idaho.
Pletro Marano, 28, 1217 Kearny sitreet, and
Mary Plcillo. 17. 1217 Kearny street.
Giovanni Gaggero, 28, Bay View, and Enri-
chetta Damaclo. 28, 2 Filbert place. ;
Yep Shunir, 39. 745 Sacramento street, and
Ah Yin*. 28, 745 Sacramento street./
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not b* Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notice- restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. _____
BORN.
ALPEN— In this city, January — , 1904, to the
wife of William J. AlDen, a son.
BARRON — In this city, January 17. 1004, t»
the wife of James Barron. a daughter.
HTDEMANN— In Mlllbrae, San Mateo County,
January 3, 1904, to the wife of Adolph F.
Ludemann, a son.
SHILLABER— In this city. January 11, 1904,
to the wife of Joseph Shlllaber, a daughter.
WILSON— In this city. January 16, 1904, to
the wife of George F. Wilson, a son.
WOEBCKE— In this city, January 18, 1904, to
the wife of John Wopbcke, a daughter.
MARRIED.
GREENOUGH— VAN ALLEN— In this city,
January 17, 1904, by the Rev. Edwin F.
Brown, Raloh C. Greenough of Albion. Men-
doclno County, and Kittle Van Allen of San
Francisco.
KURT — GAU — In this city, January 20, 1904,
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, John G. Kurt
and Wllhelmini Gau.
LYNDEN— STEELE— In this city, January- 21,
1&O4, by the Rev. Dr. John A. W. Wilson,
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
John Ross Lynden and Sarah M. Steele. both
of San Francisco. . »
McAULEY— REIIN— In this city. January 21.
1904, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church, Ches-
ter B. McAuley and Sere A. Rchn, both of
San Francisco.
NORCROSS— TREMBATH— In this city, Janu-
ary 21, 1904. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson, castor of Trinity Methodist Episco-
pal Church, Bert L. Norcrosa of Oakley and
Phyllis M. Trembath of Antioch.
WEBB— WARD— In this city, January 23.
1904, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church
Carl W. Webb and Winnie R. Ward, both
of San Francisco.
WINTER— KOHLER— In this city. January
21. 1904, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, pastor
of Kmanuel Evansrelical Church. George W.
Winter of lone. Amador County, Cal., and
Mathilda C. W. Kohler of San Francisco.
DIED.
Ahlborn, William 'Lyons, Charles
Albrecht. Christof McKenna. Margaret
Bennett. Michael McPherson, Bridget
Brien, Mary Marks, "Samuel
Brookes, Edwin L. Meyer. Clara!*
Brown, Margaret Monahan, John
Byron, George Murphy, Alicia J.
Campbell, Anna Nealon, James
Clark, Thomas F. Nelsh. Lloyd F.
Coleman. Elizabeth Nelson, Jennie E. •
Collymore, Robert Noyes, Capt. Wm. P.
Croke. John P. Oleen. Eleanore
Eyrlcft. Dora Olaen. Mrs. Maren
Fish. Galus H. Paetzold, Benjamin
Foley, Martin Powers, Edmund
Goez, Elizabeth Purcell, John
Guion. Annie G. Handle, Minnie M.
Hamilton, Mary Ilyan, Thomas
Hoffman, Elizabeth Scheller, Annie J.
John-on. Olof Schumann. Hugo A.
KHhl. Daniel Simpson. Thomai
Kietzmann. Fredrick Soueul. Daniel
Kolb. Edward A. Sabins, William J. T"
Kullmann, August Sanford, Aubrey B.
Lachman, Louis , Stone, Rutson J.
I^ennon. Mary E. Wacholder, Esther
Little, William Wlckens. Arthur
Lund, Hansine P.
AHLBORN — In this city, January 22. 1904,
William, beloved husband of Lucy Ahlborn.
devotfd father of Mrs. D. B. Uhte, Mrs. C.
Fleischer and August and Henry Ahlborn,
and brother of August Ahlborn, a native of
Hanover, aged OS years 3 months and 19
days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
parlor* of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
•treet, between Seventh and Eighth. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from , Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets. Remains will' be at his late resi-
dence, 8 Folsom avenue, off Folsom street,
between Seventh and Eighth, until 10:30
o'clock on Monday.
ALBRECHT — In this city, January 23, 1904,
Christof Friederich Albrecht, beloved father
of Frederlch Albrecht, and grandfather of
Itheinhold. Fred. Herman and Ida Albrecht.
a native of Germany, aged , S9 years 8
months and 13 days.
tCTRcmalns at the funeral parlors, of the
II. F. MaafB Company, 917 Mission street.
BENNETT— In this city, January 21. 1901,
Michael Bennett, belo/ed . husband of Mary
Nyhan Bennett, and stepfather of William
J.. Harry J. and ' Kittle Fleming and Mrs.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nnd Ilnfnrn.
ABERDEEN. 630 Sutter — Just opened; hand-
ftomcly fur.; cor. suites: bath; run all day;
fine view: Flngle rma.; tourists; excl. location.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth Bt. — Jlootr.f. 25c. 50c. $1. Jl SO night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BUSH, 912. near Jones — Private residence: 8
exceptionally large connecting unfurnished
rooms': carpets: every modern convenience;
2 or 3 very handsome unfurnished rooms
(renovated), bath attached; references.
BEAVER Ft.. 4. near Noe — Elegant front bay-
wlndcw; for pingle gentleman; bath; modern.
BT;RNETT7172G Market (old No. 13C4>— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
DELVED L"IIK. 152. eff HalKht. near Park —
Lars«" tunn*' parlon*.
BRYANT. 45C — A sunny front room to let.
CALIFORNIA ave.. 3S7— Furnished front
room; SC per month.
CLEMENTINA. 16S»_ — One single furnished
room for gentleman, 51 75 per week.
[CLIFFORD 204 Elli!>. corner Mason — Elegantly
| furnished' sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CRYSTAL HOUSE, »C7 Sutter st.— Elegant
rooirs: board if wanted: reas. respectability.
DORE. 101— Newly furnished sunny front
room ; 59.
EDDY. 457 — Furnished room, large front par-
lor; fireplace; suitable for two gentlemen.
EDDY. 523— An elesant furnished front room,
v.-ith a piano.
ECDY, 618^ — Furnished room to let.
EDDY. 7C3 — Splendid view of Van Ness ave.;
an apartment and single rooms; modern flat,
FILLMORE. 1021 — Nicely furnished rooms;
single, double; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM. I>74 — Unfur. tunny nns. ; grate, closet,
running water; small ones, from >4 mo. up.
FOLSOM, 1220 — Newly furnished single and
double rooms In new house; terms reasonable.-
FOR rent— Furnished front room in new fiat;
near Tanhandle. Box 662. Call efflce.
FRANKLIN. 45 — Front housekeeping rooms. $S
to $15; also single. $6 to 810.
FRANKLIN. 317 — Large front furniehed room,
for 1 or 2 grepts; $10.
FRANKLIN. 502. cor. Fulton— Large sunny
front room; double bed; toilet and bath; con-
venient : hot and cold water.
FRANKLIN. 1514 — Front sunny front room;
suitable for one or two centlemen.
FREDERICK. 557— Nicely furnished rooms;
good Park view and best conveniences.
GEARY, 111 — Nicely furnished rooms; rent
r?asonable.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 313— Nicely furnished
sunny room for two; running water.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mis_lon — Rooms 35c,
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
MANHEIM, 6S2 Sutter— Sunny front rooms;
strictly first class; transient.
HARRISON. CIS. cor. Second — ? unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; no children.
HOTEL DUFFERIN. 749 Ellis— Just opened;
everything new; electric elevator and all
modern conveniences; single rooms with or
'without bath. JJO to $25; suites with bath,
$40 to $50: tirst-claes grill: public parlor.
JESSIE. 3C; — ITart U. S. Mint; furnished room.
$6 per menth.
JONES. 010 — Sunny front parlor for one or
two gentlemen.
JONES. »19— Very desirable furnished room;
all conveniences.
LARGE sunny rooms cheap; near station;
30 minutes to San Francisco. 2022 Woolsey
St.. South Berkeley.
MARKET, 3032 — Nice, sunny front rooms; also
I housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
McALLISTER. 4IG, flat 3^ — Sunny front hall
room reasonable.
McALLISTER. 7C0 — Well furniehed front par-
lor: suitable for ladies or gentleman; rea-
sonable
MINNA, 514 — Nice sunny front room; suitable
for 2 centlemen.
MISSION. S37A — Fine single rooms, with run-
r.lng water; closet; SI CO week and up.
MISSION. 862*2— Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms.
MISSION. 1063 — Elegant suite; thoroughly
cleaned; suitable for 2 or 3; bath. gas. phone.
MISSION. 14_,".B — Furnished large front room;
email back room.
NATOMA, 102— Sunny furnished front rooms;
$1 and $1 BO per week; suitable for 2 per-
1 sons.
NATOMA, 722 — Sunny front room, suitable for
; centlemen.
i NINTH, 126 T i — Furnished large double room.
grate. tS.
O'FARRELL. 623— Nicely furnished sunny
room; crate: light housekeeping if desired.
PAGE. 16 — Furnished room for light house-
keeping.
PINE. 100G, near Taylor — Two modern rooms;
hot and cold water; rent $15 per month.
PINE, 1823 — Large sunny alcove room; newly
fum.: suitable 4 gentlemen; every conven.
POST. 905 — Pleaeant sunny room; suitable for
two; $9 month.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room. Emoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night, C5c to SI 50; week, 52
to 58; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SANCHEZ. 17 ! i— Furnished room to let. suit-
able for gentleman.
SHIPLEY, 275 — A large front room; furnished.
SIXTEENTH. 2822— Nice sunny furnished
room to rent.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna — A sunny
furnished Einsle room; rent $7.
j STKINER, 907 — Large sunny front room, also
¦ smaller: furnished or unfurnished; bath,
T^lione, private family.
STEINER. 18O3A. near Eutter— For rent in
private family, pleasant unfurnished or fur-
nished rooms with the morning: sun; privi-
lege of kitchen if desired.
STEVENSON, 635 — Sunny furnished room for
two gentlemen.
STEVENSON. 797*4. near Ninth— Nicely fur-
r.ished rooms; cheap.
SUTTER, 1022'4. near Hyde — Two large sunny
parlors & kitchen or laboratory; gas grate.etc
THE LAM BOURNE.
420 Eddy st.; elegantly furnished rooms and
en suite; rates reasonable; board.
TAYIiOR, 624. corner Sutter — Sunny front
rocmc; rent reasonable.
TURK. 1218 — Nicely furnished room; also
single front room.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3174— Furnished room to
let.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 28S0. cor] Florida— Two
furnished or unfurnished rooms, with gas
anU bath. '
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to SI night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus:baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 7, near Market — Large sunny
bay-window alcove; gas, run. water; unfur.
VAN NESS avc, ."19— Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN NESS ave.. 1109— A nicely furnished
front room; rent $8.
WALLER. €86 — 3 upper sunny rooms and
hath: furnished or unfurnished; rent rea-
sonable.
WASHINGTON. 1402 — Large sunny front room
and bath; with or without board.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
•"..".: to 91 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
flee. ligrhtB; reading-- room; free bus^baggrase.
WOLF Houre. 202 Sixth— Electric light In
every room, rooms from 15c to $1 per night,
75c to $5 per week; open all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan Sc Church sts.
A BRANrni office, for Call advertisements and
. cubscrlptions, has been established at licjti
Valencia >_. -¦
BO O.MS AXDBOARD. ¦_
HOTEL HATTON —
077 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
cuites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences: excellent table. .
THE WALLACE^ Ml Van Ness ave.. cor.
O'Farrell «=t. — Room and board $25 per month;
house under new management. * .
A NICE front room' and board tor couple or
2 gentlemen; home cooking. 649 Hayes st.
McALLISTER. 90S — A large front, room with
or without board.
VAN NESS bv*.. 944 corner O'Farrell — Board
and room. S25 per month.
LARGE runny rooms; running water, grate,
good board. 114 Guerrero, phono Capp 4303.
McALLISTCr. 7S1— Nicely furnish** rooms,
with board; cents only.
the- late Harry Lund, a native of Denmark.
aged 53 years B months and 7 days.
C_TFr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, S66 Mission
street, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. '
LYONS— In this city. January 23, 1004.
Charles, dearly beloved husband of Fanny
Lyons, and father of Beatrice. Gerald, Elea-
nor, Elaln*. Ethel, Clarisse and George ;
Lyons, a native of London, England, aged
>'f years 5 months and 9 days. (London and
New York oapers please copy.)
(CyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, January 26, 1904, at 0 o'clock, at
his late residence, 2120 Central avenue. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
McKENNA— In this city. January 21. 1904,
Margaret, relict of John J. McKenna. mother
of William J.. John J., Ellen and Joseph A. |
McKenna, and sister of Mra. Annie Wetter- i
KUist and Mrs. Esther Skoughlund, a native
of Ireland, ased 48 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street. ;
thence to St. Brendan's Church.- where a re-
quiem hish mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
.Holy Cross Cemetery.
McPHERSON— January 22, 1904. entered into
rest at St. Mary's Hospital. Bridsret Mc-
Pherson, relict of the late Robert McPher-
son, and loving mother of Mrs. George
Dougherty and Mrs. Lucy Lend, a native of
Limerick, Ireland, aged 67 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton street, j
MARKS— Friends are Invited to attend the j
erection of a monument for the late Samuel
Marks at Salem Cemetery January 24, at
2:30 o'clock.
MEYER— In this city, Janifary 22. 1904. Clara,
beloved wife of Daniel Meyer, and sister of
Mrs. Julia Meyer and the late Moritz and
Henry Newhouse, a native of Sulzburg, Ger- <
many, aged 81 years 2 months and 19 days.
C^Funeral and interment private. Please
omit flowers.
MONAHAN — An anniversary requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
the eoul of the late John Monahan at St.
Rose's Church Monday, at 9 o'clock. Friends
are respectfully Invited to attend.
MURPHY— In this city, January 22, 1904.
Alicia J., beloved daughter of Bridaret and
the late John Murphy, sister of Mrs. B.
Brenzlnshl and the late Mrs. E. Walker,
and aunt of Frank Walker, a native of San
Francisco.
NEALON— In this city, January 22, 1904, '<
James Nealon, brother of Mrs. J. Flaherty
and Mrs. M. Molloy, a native of County
SUgo, Ireland, oged t>9 years. A member of
Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ignatius Church
and of Marble Finishers' . Association.
CyFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), ut 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 866 Mission street,
between Fourth and Fifth, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NEISH — In this city, January 23, 1904, Lloyd
Francis Neish, dearly beloved son of W. Y.
and Jan* Nelsh, and brother of William and
the late Walter Nelsh, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 6 months and 13
days.
NELSON— In this city. January 20, 1004, at
her residence. 174 San Carlos avenue, be-
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Jennie
Eleanor, belov*d wife of Albert E. Nelson,
daughter of Mrs. E. Olson, and sister of
Mrs. G. A. Ellason and Frank W. and Lll-
lle F. Olson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2* years and 3 months.
E7"Frlend.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, January . 24, 1904, at 1 :30 o'clock,
at her late residence, 174 San Carlos ave-
nue, between Eighteenth and Nineteenth
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets.
NOYES— In Alameda, January 21, 1904, Cap-
tain William P. Noyes, beloved husband of
Sophia Noyes, and father of Benjamin P..
Annie S.. William P., Charles E... Jeanette
S. and Paul P. Noyes, a native of Stoning-
ton, Conn., aged «5 years 4 months and 5
days. (Stonington, Conn., papers please
copy.)
tr_7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 24, 1904. at 1 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residence. 915 Greenwich street. San
Francisco. Services under the auspices of
the Master Mariners' Association. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
OLSEN — In this city, January 23, 1904, Elea-
nore Olsen, daughter of Andrew and Rosa
Olsen (nee Gomez), a native of San Fran-
cisco, a?ed 19 days.
OLSEN— In Oakland, January 21. 1904. Mrs.
Maren M.. beloved wife of the late A. O.
Olsen, and dearly beloved mother of Mrs.
Carrie J. Jensen, a native of BerEen. Nor-
way, aged 64 years 11 months and 27 days.
PAETZOLD— In this city, January 23. 1904,
Benjaftnln Carl Paetzold. dearly beloved hus-
band ot Franciska Paetzold, and beloved
fatner of Gustave Paetzold. Mrs. George
Sutor, Mrs. Thomas Greene, Mrs. William
Feely and Adolph Paetzold, a native of
Germany, aged 61 years 8 months and 9
days. i
* (CTFriendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Gantner Bros.. 1209 Mission street.* between
Eighth and Ninth. Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city, January 23. 1904. Ed-
mund Powers, husband of Mary Powers, and
father of Eugene F.. Mary and William
Powers, a native of Ireland.
ETNotlc* of funeral hereafter.
PURCELL — In Alameda, January 23. 1904.
John, beloved husband of Mary Emily Pur-
cell, a native of County Claire, Ireland,
aged 40 years.
CZFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, January 25, at 10:30 o'clock, at St.
Joseph's Church, Alameda. where a requiem
high man will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul. Interment private, St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
RANDLE— In this city, January 21. 1904,
Minnie M., beloved wife of W. A. Randle,
and mother of Etta May Randle. a native
of Iowa.
(T_yMcmbers of Amity Rebekah Lodge No.
161. I. O. O. F.. Pacific Camp No. 22S1.
R. N. A., and Goodfellowship Camp No.
nt>33, M. W. of A., and friends are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, at 1:45 o'clock, at Eureka Hall.
I. O. O. F. building, corner Seventh and
' Market streets. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Amity Rebekah
Lodge No. 161. I. O. O. F.. are hereby noti-
fied to assemble at 1 o'clock Sunday at their
hall to attend the funeral of their deceased
sister, Minnie Randle! By order of
K. M. HOWARD. N. G.
ALMA JESSEN, Secretary.
RYAN— In this city. January 22. 1904, Thomas,
beloved husband of Marsaret Ryan, brother
of the late Mrs. John Garety. uncle of Mrs.
J. Sullivan and Mrs. S. Smyth, and brother-
in-law or Mr«. P. Kilkenny, a native of
County Cavan. Ireland, aged 58 years 5
months and 15 days. A member of A. O.
H. No., 3. V •
B_yFplends and acquaintances' are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 5CA Converse street, off Bryant,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem hicrli mass will b* celebrated
for the repose of his eoul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy "Cross Cemetery.
SCHELLER— In this city, January 22. 1004,
Annie Johanna Scheller, beloved wife of the
late Robert E. Scheller. and mother of
Florence and Kitty Scheller, a native of
California, aged 35 years.
E-TFrtendu fend acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SCHUMANN — In Redlands, January 19, 1304.
Hugo A. Schumann, son of the late Loui3
A. and Emma Schumann, and brother of
Louis Schumann, a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years 3 months and 6 days.
- (XT'" Friends and acquaintances and mem-,
bers of the Germanla Club are respectfully
invited to attend the funeral to-day (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, from the Native Sons'
Hall. 414 Mason street, under the auspices
of California Parlor No. 1. N. S. G. W.
Crematton I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains
at the parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission
street.
SIMPSON— In this city, January 21, 1904, en-
tered into rest, at his residence, 1207 Mis-
sion street, Thomas, beloved husband of
Mary Ann Simpson, and father of Henry
11.. George L.. Thomas C, Alfred H.. Jo-
eeph D. and the late William J. Simpson.
a native of Carlisle, England, aged 70 years
4 monthn and 5 days. (Newport, It. I., pa-
pers please copy.)
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at. 1:30 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Market, and Seventh streets,
where services will i>e held under the aus-
pices of Abou Ben (Kdhem Lodge No. 112.
I .O. O. F. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Ruerrero streets. Remains at the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
-DANIKL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
,20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
¦¦-.;• ' Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— -— — Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple. -
Now at 8G6 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Hates.
F. J. MONAHAN, Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2311 Mission St.. near Nineteenth.
. San Francisco.
M. Fitzeerald. a native of Lancashire. En*-"
land, aged 67- years 1 month and 20 days.
A momber of Riggers' and Stevedores' Union,
Local 222.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
I Janunry 24, at l_:30 o'clock, from tho par-
lore of aicKadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171
MlnsUn street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Jo*enh's Church, wher? ser-
vices will be held at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
I BRIEN— In the City and County Hospital.
I January 23. 1904. Mnry lirlen, ii native of
Ireland, aced To yeaisT
BROOKES — In this city. January 2".. 1904. at
his residence, 330 Twenty-seventh street,
between Church and Sanchez, Edwin Land-
seer, beloved husband of Lizzie M. Brookes,
father of Blanche Warner, and brother of
Albert M.. Samuel E., Mary S. and Emma
H. Brookes, Mrs. Lizzie F. Howell and Mrs.
Lucy Wheeler, a native of Milwaukee, WIs..
• aered 47 years 5 months and 12 days.
ll_^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, January 20, 1904, at 1:30 o'clock,
at Bethany ConKresrational Church, Bartlett
fitreet, near Twenty-fifth. Interment Cy-
press. Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
corner of Thirtieth street and San Jose ave-
nue at 2:15 o'clock.
BROWN— In Haywards, January 23. 1904.
Margaret Brown, mother of Russell M. and
Roy M. Cornell and Neva, Grace and Bert
Brown, and sister of Thomas and William
G. Hintcn, ased 40 years.
BYRON— In Alameda, January 22. 1004,
George, husband of the late Jane Byron,
and father of Mrs. D. M. Henderson. Georpe
A., Marlon and John A. Byron. Mrs. George
Napier and Mrs. Samuel Center, a native
of Scotland, aged S3 years 4 months and 21
• days.
tt_TFrlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, January 24, 1904, at 1 o'clock, at
the residence of Samuel Center, 2261 Ala-
meda avenue, Alameda. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
CAMPBELL — In this city, January 22, 1904.
Anna, beloved wife of Sterlinr K. Camp-
bell, mother of Alta and Donald Campbell,
and daurhter of John Ruff, a native of
Marysville, Cal., aged 33 years 7 months and
23 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence, 13e2 Scott street. Interment at
Santa Clara, by 3 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
CLARK — A month's mind mass for the repose
of the soul of Thomas F. Clark will be cele-
brated in St. Ignatius Church on Monday,
January 25, at S o'clock. Friends and ac-
quaintances are invited to attend.
COLEMAN— In this city. January 22. 1904.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late James
Coleman, and dearly beloved mother of Mary
M. Coleman, a native of New York, aged 44
years 0 months and 12 days. (Webster,
Mass.. papers please copy.)
C_rFrlend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
rSunday). ot 12 o'clock, from, her late resi-
dence. 1002 Harrison street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services at 12:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLLYMORE— In this city. January 22, 1901,
Robert, dearly beloved father of Marguerite
Collymore, a native of the West Indies, aged
71 years 11 months and 29 days. (Philadel-
phia. Pa., and Verbados, W. I., papers
please copy.)
lETFuneral services will be held to-day
(Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence, 4033 Twenty- flffli street, between
Sanchez and Noe. Interment private.
CROKE — In this city. January 22, 1904, John
Plummer Croke, brother of the late Arch-
bishop Croke of Cashel and Emily Ireland,
a native of Mallow, County. Cork. Ireland,
, eged b5 years.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mlsuion street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for funeral
Fervices at It o'clock. Interment Holy Cros9
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
EYRICH— In Oakland, January 23, 1904, Dora,
beloved wife of George Eyrjch, a native of
<">rmany, ased 65 years 11 months and 21
days. I
uVFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the Ger-
man Lutheran Zlon's Church, corner Twelfth
and Mvrtle streets, Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
FISH— In this city, January 22. 1004. Galus
Hasley, beloved husband of Anna Fish, a
native of New York.
O_TFuneral and interment private.
FOLEY— In this city, January 22, 1904, Mar-
tin Foley (known as J. R. Carroll), a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 27 years. A member
of the Walters' Union. Local No. 30.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of Porter &
White, 423 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GOEZ— In this city. January 23, 1904, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of the late Paul Goez.
and mother of Mrs. Pauline Langkusch and
Charles Goez. a native of Wurtemberg:, Ger-
many. a_-ed 67 years 4 months and 8 days.
C?* Remains at the funeral parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth.
GUION— In this city, January 23, 1904, Annie
G., beloved wife of Albert H. Guton, and
beloved sister of George, Michael and Altred
Zeller, a native of San Francisco, aged 25
years and 21 days.
HAMILTON— In this city, January 22, 1904.
Mary Hamilton, dearly beloved wife of
Charles' Coylc Hamilton, and beloved sister
of Michael, Daniel. Patrick. John and Peter
Smith. Mrs. H. Glauber, Mrs. F. Martin of
New York and the late Susan Boyle, a na-
tive of County Cavan. Ireland. (New York
papers please copy.)
CSTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o clock, from her late
residence, 708 Hampshire street, between
Nineteenth and Twentieth, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo, corner of
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her noul. commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOFFMAN— In this city, January 23, 1904,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Sandor Hoffman,
mother of Joseph. Victor, Gertrude and Ethel
Hoffman, and sister of James and Frank
Berry. Mrs. M. Schafer and Mrs. M. Moore,
a native of. Liverpool, England, aged- 33
years and 9 days.
JOHNSON— In this city, January 20. 1904,
Olof, beloved husband of Hannah Johnson,
and father of Frank and Roy Johnson, a
native of Sweden. A member of Court Star
of the Mission No. 7197, A. O. F., and the
Sailors' Union of the Pacific.
(TyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Mission of
the Good Samaritan, Second street, near
Folsom. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of Bunker &
Lunt, 26G« Mission street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third, Mission Masonic
Temple.
KEIHL — In this city. January 21, 1904, Daniel
Keihl, brother of Louis, George and Albert
Kcihl. Mrs. Retd and Mrs. Berry, a native
of Alsace, Germany, aged 51 years. (Pitts-
burg. Pa., papers please copy.)
E_rThe funeral will take placo to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Cremation 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KIETZMANN— In this city, January 21, 1904,
Fredrick, dearly beloved husband of Elisa-
beth Kletzinann, and beloved father ot
Frank Kictzmann, Mra. Ed Kuhls and Mrs.
Joseph Itose, a native of Gallow, Germany,
nged C2 years.
C7"Fr!tnds and acquaintances 1 are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 24, 1304. at 12 o'clock, from his late
residence. 030 Chestnut street, between Ma-
son and Taylor, thence to St. Paulus M. E.
Kirche for nervices. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by carriage.
KOLB— In Palo Alto, January 22; 1904. Ed-
ward A. Kolb, beloved husband of Emma
C. Kolb. and father of Harry, Emma, Ed-
ward, Alfred and Claire Kolb, a native of
Monroe.. Wis., aged 40 years 3 months and
19 days.
!E7*Frlends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. January 25, 1904, at his late resi-
dence, 721 Waverly street, Palo Alto, at 11:30
o'clock. Interment Cyprces Lawn Cemetery
at 1 o'clock.
KULLMANN— In this city, January 23, 1004.
August Kullmann. beloved brother of Simon.
Leopold, Molse, Emma and the late Jacques
Kullmann, a native of France, aced 51
years.
__?"Frlenda and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at l>:45 o'clock, at the
residence of his brother, 2511 Sacramento
street. Please omit flowers.
LACHMAN— In this city, January 23, 1904.
Louis, beloved husband of the late Amelia
l-aehnian, and father of Louis. Saul. Morris,
- Harry and Fanny Lacliman, Mrs. J. Simon
of Seattle and Mrs. Abe Wilson of Sarra-
mento, a native of Germany, aged 83 years.
,. (t_r Notice of funeral hereafter. Please
omit flowers.
LENNON— In this city,- January 23. 1904,
Mary E., beloved dauphter of Ann and the
late James Lennon, and loving: sister of
James, Edward, Joseph and Annie Lennon,
a native of San Francisco.
Ey Frffends are respectfully invited to at-
tend tiuy funeral Monday, January 25, at
9:30 o'clock, from the residence of her
mother, COS Fell street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the rcpo&e of her soul, commenc-
ing ut • 10 • o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LITTLE— In this city, January 22, 1004, Wil-
liam Little, /dearly beloved son of Mary A.
Welch, stepson of L. J. Welch, brother of
the late John D. Little, and uncle of Loretta,
William and Mary Little, a native of San
Francisco. ; aged 33 years. v ,
SAN FRANCISCO Lodze No. 2. KnlKhts of
•the Royal Arch — You are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our : lato Sir Knight
and brother. William Little, from his late
, residence. 455 : Valencia street, on Sunday.
January 24, l»04, at 1 o'clock. By order of
THEODORE LUNSTEDT,
Valiant Commander.
F. G. RONEY. Recorder. <
LUND— In Napa. Cal.. January 21. 1904. Han-
sine P.. beloved wife of E. P. Lund, and
- mother of Charles and Elizabeth Lund and
between Seventh and Eighth. Kindly omit
flowers.
SOUSUI— In the City and County Hospital.
January 23, 1004, Daniel Sousul. a native of
- Samoa, aged ;:."¦ years.
SABINS — Entered into eternal peace. January
22. 1904, William J.. beloved son of Cath-
erine and the late Alfred C. Sabins. a na-
" tlve of fc'an Francisco.
SANFORD— In this city. January 23. 1004.
Aubrey Blanchard Sanford. beloved son or
Anthony and Kachael Sanford of Burllnston.
Nova Scotia, brother of Rev. A. M. Sanford
and Percy Sanford, and cousin of C. T. and
W. L. Sanford. a native of Nova Scotia,
aged 28 years. (Nova Scotia papers please
copy.) *
ICTFuneral to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau,
305 Montgomery avenue. Interment private
at I. O. O.,F. Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
STONK— In this city, Januaiy 17. 1904. Rutson
J. Stone, bt-loved husband of Annie Eloise
Stone, father of Robert R. and Alice Vio-
letta Stone, stepfather of Mrs. & L. Simon,
and brother of General Geonre Stone. * na-
tive of Delaware County, New York, ased 50
years 2 months and 22 days.
WACHOLDER— In this city. January 21. 1004,
Esther, dearly beloved wife of Benjamin
"Wacholder, devoted mother of Joel. Sam.
Sara and Hattle Wacholder, Mrs. M. H.
Marks, Mrs.. C. R. Stein and Mra. C. A.
Wilson, and sister of Senator E. I. Wolfe,
Mrs. Leon Greenberg, Mrs. Sam Wolfe. Mrs.
Llouis Rothenberg-. Mrs. Carl Staahleren « n<1
Mrs. Joseph Weissbeln. a native of Hull.
England, ased 4S years 9 months and 20
days.
C_TFr!end« and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
at 10 o'clock, from her late residence, 1641
O'Farrell street. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery, via the electric funeral car
from Eizhteenth and Guerrero streets at 11
o'clock. ?
W1CKENS— In this city. January 22. 1004.
Arthur, beloved. brother of John and Thomas
Wlckens of Chlcaco, III., a native of Eng-
land, ased 65 years. (Chicago. HI., and Vic-
toria. B. C, papers please copy.)
ETNotlce of funeral in Wednesday's pa-
pers.Trading Moderate, With Mora
Activity in Oil Stocks'. ;*
STOCK. MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 8tt%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight .... — 12V4
New Vcrk Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, iier ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 © 40
Wheat and Other Grains. *
WHEAT— Foreign futures were lower. Chi
cago advanced lc. The Chicago dispatches of
Bolton. de Buytc-r & Co. said: "The short
fellers of yesterday were largely the buyers of
to-day. As . Ions as the present strained and
contested situation prevails in respect to the
May option this is likely to, recur and a good
scalping market will probably be the result.
The other conditions are. In the main, dull
foreign markets and continued large primary
receipts. With the exception of local milling
demand, there is a poor npot situation. Ar
centine shipments of Wheat. . except as inter
fered with by thHr strike, are likely to be
at an increasing ratio and to reach liberal pro
portions. Unless something new develops- in
the political situation it may bo taken as
tenJInp toward peace. The local Bpeculatlve
situation makes the tendency rather difficult
to forecast. On the penerar commercial posi
tion we are Inclined to think July Wheat is
higher than It would be except for the manipu
lation in May. September Wheat Is practically
the next crop. It has been up to 80c and is
now still in that neighborhood. It is a pretty
high price. We are inclined to think It won't
hurt much to rell it on the rallies, and It minht
ultimately pay a fine profit. We would let May
Wheat strictly alone. 1 / | . ¦
This market remained quiet and unchanged.
. CASH WHEAT. . .
California Club. $1 38-X01 42^; California
White Australian. $1 45@1 50; Northern Club.
$1 3S9S01 41%: Northern Bluestem. :$1 47V4O
1 60: Oregon ..Valley. $1 40.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. ' Close.
May $1 37% 91 37% «1 37% H 37%
LOCAL MARKETS.
Nczu York Money Market.
N-FTW TOP.K. Jar. 2-!.— r-.nr.f. Prime mer
eamile paj...r. 41 } 'oZ'± j~-r wt
• • Htfrlir.r; exdnac*— Waa Ft*a<Jy. with actual
buFir.*>fs in har.kn-s" bi!!p at $1.699564 >•<; Icr
&rvr.ftr\<i *cd at *l.S32O«i4.KiT0 for f-ixty day
bills.
PoetPd rate*-- U W-.04 and $4 K6U'?4 S7
Commercial t,lls — (4 *&>?<z4 R3.
Biir fcllver — B*4e.
M»Tir»n dollar* — tT'Jc.
Bonrfs— Governments-, rtoady; railroads, ir-
T^gTJlsr. »
NKW YORK BTDCK LIST
», F lT k5 ~ Hal ' !t - ll1^ h - L° w - Clo«*.
Atoh'.fcn 18.000 Tf»>; O>4 «»ii
S* \£r? io - ¦;„¦• 20 -" 00 wv * M "^
anadain f'ac 3,^ax^ 12014 iia% U*0
Gen of N J UK)
Chfs & Ohio 1.320 nr.i; :u"i 35 .
Chi •& Alton 200 :;s ;;7t^
rki &. Alton pfd... HA) M*-i f-iii M'-l
r^i & o w i,kno jts I7« I7»i
Chi & a W b pfd.. 100 :<n\ :m ( s. .;o^,
<*bi & N W 1,."00 170»i 1TO 170li
Chi Term & Tr 11
<"hi Ttr & Tr pfd 2ju
t. C, C & St L 7li
. Colo fiouthem TOO lK*i iri^ igu
Colo So in pM 2«0 r.« r* 57U
Col} So 23 pfd 9"0 2S^ 27% 27^
r>-l «- Hud'-on 400 107^ 1C7 1CT
Del. Lack & V 2T2
IWiver A. Rio fJr.. l.OfO 22% 22».-i Tl'i
rwn &. R G pfJ «OO 74^ 74 74H
Trie 3.2O0 ¦&% K% '28H
Krie 1ft pfd X.fXK) fTA\% G» ?»
Erie 2<J pfd 1,400 49 4SV4 48
C,t Sor pfd 170
Jlocking \il!»>- 7«%
Hock Val r fd .•{*)<? K*% H*% 84
111 Centra] 2.C0O 134?i 1^5» 13-i^t
Iow« Oeatral 21 14
Jowa Cen pid IOO 41 41 40'^
Kan City Si wo 20i£ 20% 20ii
! Kan City So pfd... 2<«.> 38 :J7'4 :J7 : j4
lyiuis & Na.-h 7W Hi 1104 IIO4,
Manhattsn L 2.4OU 145>4 1*4% UO^a
Met. St Ry oCO 12.5^ 122v» 122%
. Minn & fit L «3
Mo Pacific n.OOO 05*4 O4^ U3U,
>Io. Kan & T»-x 1.<WO JS^ lS^j lt>%
Mo. Kan & T" X pfd j 42 41% 41v»
* R U of M*x pfd 39
.%' Y Cenfr*l j,-.»oo 1214 121 121
& Wrri o.r^lO Cl^A (50% <J1 14
Nor & Wen rfi 87
Nr.rther*! Securities 02Vi
Pnt & Western 7.400 2.T.4 23 23*»
• PcnriE^lvani« 20.700 122 W 121% 121 vi
*• C!i & St L.... ..... • , . . • *¦••• 04
Reading 5 200 47 4C^ 4^
1f=t jfd 73
m Jirs^ln^ 2d pfd .' (Jl
P.ock Ifcland Co 20.800 2<:% »% 25%
n I Co pfd 3,700 <j(j% t<( CC',i
H L 4 S F Ift pM . rvi
Pt.L A- S V 2<J pffi. 4.700 4»U 47 49
ft L-S W. rrf)o ifi 15s; 15^;
St L S W pfd I.S00 3RSJ 3CV* 3«ta
Pt Taul 17.000 147% J4«!;4 147
Fl Paul pfd lfio J-S 178 177'i
{=0 Pacific in.Wi!) fJ2 M>% 51%
*Fo Tlailway Ti.tXKi 'J2"% 22H /2i^i
Po Railway pM ... i.«oo ,k:,% mu W'4
TT<?x & Pacifir s.«oo .i7« 27 279,
• T ? l. 61 L * W 2.20a 23U 27 27Vi
j EASTERN MARKETS.
moderate and receipts, continued, light prices [ .
for all grades were Bteady. Strictly fancy .
Ncwtown Pippins packed in 3-tier boxes were
scarce and readily commanded the top quota- 1
tions,- but for 4-tier packages $1 80 was about
tlie top. Stocks of common Apples were steadily i
decreasing. Hawaiian Bananas . were quoted c
lower, as supplies were large ¦ and - Included
much : overripe stock, which had ? to be dls- :
, posed of quickly. i
APPLES— $1 25gl 75 for fancy, 75c©|l for i
choice and 40®65a for common. , . :
PEARS — Winter Nellis from cold storage, i
$1 75<&2 cer box.-
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel I Oranges; $1 60@2 ',
per box for fancy. $1 25@1 75 for choice and
75og?l for standards: Seedlings, 5Oc0$l: .
Tangerines, 50c(8$l per box; Lemons, fl 75
02 60 for, fancy. $1 2501 50 for ; choice and I :
75e<2Si for standard: Grape Krult. $'«3: Mex- ,
Scan Limes. $4g4 50: Bananas. 75cg$l 75 per
bunch for Hawaiian and $2^2 50 for Central
American: Pineapples. $1 50®2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits } Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Dullness still prevails In this market, both
heri« and in the East, and tnere are no new
features to report.
FRUIT— Apricots. 7%©334c for Royals and 0
©lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4®
5%c: sun-dried 3@4c: Peaches, 4®6%c; Pears.
C©10c: Nectarines, 465Wc; Figs, white. 4@4%e
in boxes; black. 4V&c; Plums, pitted. 680c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1003 crop, ftf ®2%c for the, four
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices, Fresno, for 1903
crcp: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscat-Is. 2-crown.
C%c per lb: S-crown. f%c: 4-crown. 6%c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4%c; do. floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4^c; Thompson's Seedless,
5\4c London Layers— 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown.
i $1 35; 4-crcwn clusters. $2: 5-Crown Dehesas.
I $2 50; 6-crown Imperials. $.J; Malaga Loose. 2-
I crown, 5c per lb: do S-crown. 5%c: Valencia
Cured. 4«c; Patific. do. 3%c: Oriental, do.
2%c. Seeaed Raisins— 10-oz packages, fancy,
8c per lb: choice. 7%c; 12-oz packaKes. fancy,
«%c; choice. 0%c; in bulk, fancy. 7%c: choice.
7%c. •• ¦
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. l3^014e;
No. 2. Ili4@12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13«13^c;
No 2, ll@HV>c: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%c for I X"L IOHc for Ne Plus Ultra and
S%c for Languedoc: Peanuts. 6©7c for Eastern;
Pecans'. ll®13c; Cocoanuts. . $4 50@5: Chest
nuts. SftlOc per lb. ¦ ,,^
HONEY— Comb. 10@ll%c for white and 8H^
0%o for amlxr: water white extracted. 5©
6%c: llcht amber extracted. *.%©4%c; dark.
3%04c.
BEESWAX— 27029c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was easy, with continued outside
buying and the packers selling. It is hard td
get Hogs into that market, owing to the bad •
condition of the country roads. Growers think i
that they will be higher and are holding them
up to 4?i@5c. which the shippers cannot afford
to pay.
This market continues dull and weak. The
Chicago wires of Bolton. de Ruyter & Co. said:'
"Market is a shade easier. Receipts of. Hogs j
at primary markets were in excess of last year.
Prices at yards were a' shade higher. Indica
tions are that O>e movement for the coming
week will be fully up to the week now end-
Ing. Supply Is running a little in excess of
last year, while the distributive demand is no i
better. Packers are free sellers of products,
and th« outside scattered speculative buyer is
carrying the load. The load is steadily In
creasing."
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy, HV&c for light medium. 13«4c for light,
14c for extra light and l«c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lS^c: California
Hams, 12V»@l.'>c: Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl:
extra Mesa" $12®12 50; Family. $1."J; prime
Mess Pork. $10; extra clear. $24; Mess. $18: .
Dry Salted PorK. HVjc; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs*
Feet $5 25; Smoked Beef. 15c per lb. J
LARD — Tierces quoted nt 7e per lb for I
compound and 0^c for pure: half-barrels, pure, i
0V*o: 10-lb tins, 10c: 6-lb tins. n%e: 3-Ib tins.
i lOlic.
i COTTOLEN"E — One half barrel. S T ic; thren
half barrels, 8»ic: one tierc«\ S%c; two tierces,
I SVic: five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, TaUow, Wool and Hops.
Hops continue firm. The quotations now
largely represent transactions from second
Hands as the Etock left among growers is
insignificant. There is nothing new in Wool
I HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands" sell
I abcut %@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
i Steers 0c: medium. Sc: light. 7»ic: Cow Hides.
-V.C for heavy at»d 7^4c for light: Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip. !*c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
lOVic- dry Hides. 15016c; dry Kip. 13e : dry
Calf ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@30c each;
•hort Wool, 40@65c each: medium. 70@!)0c: long
Wcol Jl@l 50: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and J2@2 50 for medium. $1 2501 75 for
(.mail and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $l@l 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prim<? An
goras. 75e; large and smooth. 50c; medium, 35c;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb; No.
2 .V/jc: grease. 2%®.1c. :
WOOL — Fall clip — Sa- Joaquln Lambs', ng
lie Middle County. 11® 12c: Northern De
¦ f«-ct!v<». Ois?10c: Nevada. 13015c: Oregon fine.
lSWI^c: Orecon medium. 17c per Ib.
HOPS— 27fi30c per lb for California. 1903.
and 17018c for crop of 1904.
Meat Market.
Quotations remain as before, with supplies
I • of Hogs ample, of Beef sufficient and of Mut
ton moderate. As previously stated, there is a
marked scarcity of Lambs this year, owing to
the dry weather.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
! BEEF — 6V4<S"%c for Steers and 6@6V&c per
• Ib for Cows. *
; VEAL — Large. 8®9c: small. 0@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. S%09c; Ewes. 8@SV4c
I per lb. > ¦
; LAMB— lOflllc per <b.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7#8^c Per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
1 The following quotations are for good, sound
! Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less SO
• per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
• CATTLE — Steers. 8©9c; Cows and Heifers.
1 7fiSc- thin Cows, 4S5c per lb. . ? ,
i CALVES— 4@4V.iC per lb (gross weight). .
SHEEP— Wether*. 4@4%c: Ewes. 4c. per lb
(gross weight). ¦ "
i LAMBS- 5c per Ib.
i HOGS^ — Live Hogs 140 to 1R0 lbs. 5Vi@5%c:
. over ISO lbs. Be: 10ft Hogs. 4VAe: Sows. 20 per
¦ cent off: Boars. 00 per cent off. and Stags. 40
per cent off from above quotations.
General \
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5 >¦& ® 3 li c : g an Quentin.
. 5.65c: Wool Bags. 32®35c; Fleece Twine. IWft
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wei- I
llngton. $3; Seattle. $C 50; Bryant. $C 50; Bea
ver Hill, $b": Standard, $7; Roslyn. $7:
Coos Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7; Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond. $7 50: Cumberland. $1*1 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg*.
$14; Wplsh Anthracite Egg. $13: Welsh Lump.
$1! B0; Cnnnel. $8 60 per ton; Cckp. $11 ,5O@
13 per ton tn bulk and $15 In sacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2C0O lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
OILS— Quotations aro for barrels; for cases,
add 6c Linseed. 4!)c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. I. 70c;
Bakers" AA $1 10®l 12: Lucol, 44c for boiled j
and 4°c for raw; China Nut. COlgTOc per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 6So for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra .bleached winter Sperm
Oil 80c: nat» r al winter Sperm Oil, 75e; extra
blenched winter Whale Oil. C5c; natural Whale
Oil 00c - *xtra winter strained Lard OH, 85c;
No' 1 Lard Oil. "5c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No 1 Neatsfoot Oil. C5c: light Heirine Oil. 45c;
•lark Herring Oil 43c: Salmon Oil. 3Se: boiled
FUh Oil 40c: raw Fish Oil. 3Sc: boiled Paint
Oil 35c- raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal . Oil
in bulk 16c: Pearl Oil tn cases. 21>*c; Astral.
1 21V.C- Star 21V.>-: Extra Star. 25>4c; Elaine.
27i£c ; Eocene. 24Hc; Dedorlzed Stova Gaso
line "in bulk 17c; In cases. 23%cr Benzine, In
' bulk 13c- in cases. 1014c: 8C-degree Gasoline.
In bulk 25c; in caees. 31c.
TURPENTINE: — SSc per gallon In cases and
82c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITK LEAD— Red Lead/flUf?
7c per lb: White Lead. 0%@7c. according 'to |
QU SUOAR— The Western Sujrar Reftnlnit Com
pany quotes as fpllows. per lb. In 100-1b hagsr
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c:
Powdfred. 5.f>0c: Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Dry.
Granulated, fine. 5.40c r Dr Granulated, coarse.
5 40c- Fruit Granulated. B.40c: Bfet Granu
lated «100-'b bag* only). 6.2pc: Confectioners*
A 5.40c; Magnolia A. 5c. Extra C. 4.00c;
Golden C. 4.80c; "D." 4.70c: barrels.- 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50e more: 50- Jb ,
bate?. 10c more for all kinds. Tablet*— Half
barrels. 5.00c: boxes. 6.15c:. H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.40c per lb. ' No ' orders taken for
Iris trnn seventy-five barre'- or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. JANUARY 23.
• Flour qr sks ... 6.59G{Hops. bales ... 100
Wheat, ctls 1.9S0 Rye. ctls ' 400
Barley ctls : . . . 1,070 Hides. No. .... 3.024
Corn ctls ...... 410 Pelts. No. 3.4R8
Beans, eks . }.f£* Leather.- rolls .. .130
Potatoes sks . . 1.250 Tallow, ctte . . 247
Onions. '»ks ••• 4() Wine. * ar « ••• 67,500
Bran, slw 105 Lime, bbls «14
Middlings, sks.. COS Paper, reams .. 300
Hay tons .... 5S1, Sugar, ctls .... 3,80f>
Straw, tons .... 45 Quicksilver, flks. 278
WASHINGTON.
Wool, bales. ... .. 1| ¦-. • * : .'
BARLEY — Closed ¦ tha .week lower and quiet :
In futures, with, the cash grain, dull and un
changed. . '
CASH BARLEY. :
Feed. SI O7'4@l HVi: Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 15gl 17%; Chevalier. $1 17%®1 40 for
fair to choice. - , '
FUTURES.'
Session 'J to 11:30 a, m. ; '
Open. High. . Low. Close.
May $1 06U $1. OtfVi $108 $1 0« .
OATS— There is little life to the market. The
vsual local demand keeps stocks from accumu- 1
lating, especially as receipts are moderate.
There Is no demand for seed worth talking
about. — '•
.White. $1 20i&1 33; Black. $1 25SI 55;. Red.
fl 20@l S2U for feed and $1 25@1 35 for seed;
Grays. $1 S2Vi per ctl.
CORN— There is rather more coming In frpm
the southern coast, and j the market is quiet
at unchanged quotations.
Western sacked. $1 25@1 27% for Yellow,
I 51 25a 1 2714 for White and. $1 22% for
' Mised: California large Yellow. $1 32%; small
I round do SI 40(31 50; White. $1 35 per ctl:
Egyptian. SI 45@1 55 for white and $1 25 for
browt.
RYE— Dull and unchanged at $1 25@1 30 per
'"BUCKWHEAT- $1 75@2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuifs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. S4 C0<9
4 S5 usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 5004 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 00@4 20 per bbl for
! Family and $-'5 00«i>4 40 for Bakers'.
j M1LLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
! follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour 5"5 2f>: Rye Meal. $.}; Rice Flour,
' $7- Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
I Croats $4 BO; Hominy. $4©4 25: Buckwheat i
Flour $4 50S4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
' rina H 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
I Oats bbls. $7 25@S CO; In sacks. $G 75@S 10;
I Pearl Barley. $6: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Pcan. $5 00 per 100 lbs. .
Hay and Feedstuff s.^
Oilcake Meals continues to advance. It has
been marked up several times during the past
! ten days. The other FeedstufTs are firm and
i unchanged. The Hay market continues as
! before quoted.
BRAN— $20 K0<B21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27028 SO per ton.
SHORTS— S20 50021 50 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50024 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $28 50®30;
Jobbing $31; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Corn
Meal $2S@23 GO: Cracked Corn, $28@29;
Mixed Feed. $22023; Horse Beans. $30@10 per
°HAY— Wheat. $14«?17 DO; Wheat and Oat.
$14016 50; Oat $14016: Wild Oat. $13@15;
Barley. $1201* 50; Stock nominal— none here;
Alfalfa *12!f7.i:t 50 per ton.
STRAW— 50S75C per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue dull but firmly held, with
Lima? leading in firmness. They are expected
to advance with continued dry weather.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 35<§2 45; Pea. $3 25; But-
I ters, $»: small White. $2!)5©3 05; large White,
$2 50*62 05: Pink, $2 8002 B0; Red. $4 25®4 50;
Lima. $3 151T3 25: Red Kidneys. $4 25; Black
eye. $2 15g2 20 per ctl; Horse Beans. $2@2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard $2 C5f2 SO; Flax, SI S0@l 00; Canary,
5©5>ic for Eastern: Alfalfa. ll@14c; Rape.
lV4(&2c: Timothy. 0@6%c; Hemp. :H4@3%c per
lb; Millet. 3©3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@23
per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
All descriptions of table Potatoes continued
active, fine .Salinas and Oregon Burbanks es- |
peclally being !n demand. The steamer due j
j from Oreer.n to-morrow will bring between
'¦ 3000 and 4000 sacks, and dealers expect con- 1
I tinued firmness in that description, as the last
; cargo is about cleaned out of first hands. River
j Burbanks ruled firm at steady rates. Only
! 1250 sacks came in yesterday. Sweets were
i steady and unchanged. Onions were in good
request and prices were firmer. The steamer
due from Oregon to-morrow will bring about
300 sacks.
Receipts of vegetables from Los Angeles
were lighter than usual and there was a gen- 1
eral ad%-anee in all descriptions. The market I
j wa? overstocked with old and poor quality of- j
ferlngrs of Tomatoes, which have been accumu- '
I lating for more than a week, and such stock
I moved slowly at unsteady prices. Fresh ar
rivals of fancy stock were wanted and sold
I readily at an advance. A box of Asparagus
I containing about 30 pounds came in from the
river and met with prompt sale at 50c per
pound.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 80c@
?1 per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. .$1 2501 CO per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 20<SJl 35 per ctl;
River Reds r.0?i«0c per ctl: Garnet Chiles. 90c
(9?1 per ctl: Early Rose. 90c<f?$l per ctl;
Sweet Potatoes. $1 75@2 per ctl.
t ONIONS— $1 4C@1 50 per ctl; Green Onions,
, OO'RGSe per box.
I VEGETABLES— Oreen Peas. 6®7c per lb:
String Beanp. 12H©15c per lb: Wax. 12%i3'15c;
I Tomatoes from Lop Angeles, BOc0Sl 25 per box
j or cratef * Khubarb*." Cc per lb: Summer
; Squash from Los Anseles. .75c<S$l per box;
I Cabbage $1 per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack:
Hothouse CncumberB. 7Cc(!?$l per dozen for
; 5ir.all and $1 50{fl 75 for large; Garlic, 5
! I fi?0c per lb; Egg Plant, 15®20c per
1 I lb; Dried Peppers. 5<3Sc per lb for Stock
ton and lift 1214c for FOUthern; Dried Okra.
12%c per lb: Oreen Peppers. 5@7c per Ib;
MushrooDns. 20025c per lb: Marrowfat and ¦
Hubbard Squash. J10SJ15 per ton for round
lou and Vi'BYiC per lb for sacked.
, Poultry and Game.
Poultry closed the week dull, with retailers
liberally supplied and a car or Western stock
. that came in yesterday had to be carried over
lor Monday's market. Including the car that
came lr, yesterday there were seven* cars . of.
Western received during the week and fully
60 per cent of the car that came tn on Friday
was still on hand at the close. The dally re
ceipts of dotrjestic stock were light, but tha
1 { market for that line of goods was weak during
• the past three days owing to the heavy ar
i rivals of Western, and quite a few coops hail
to be carried .over. A few cases of dresied
Turkeys came in yesterday, and as there was
1 very little demand prices showed no improve
; ment .
. Game met with a sluggish demand and prices
were barely steady. Offerings were liberal
and Ducks and. Geese were generally poor and
thin owing to the cold dry weather and conse
quent lack of feed In the interior. -
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 17@20c per lb;
live Tutkeys. .15@17c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2©2 25; Goslings $"J&2 2!>: Ducks. $5 508 « 50
per dozen for old and $(1 5007 50 for young;
Henn. $6® 7 for large and $505 CO for small;
young Roosters. ?ti<U7; old Roosters. $505 50;
Fryer*. fatHi; Broilers. $505 50 for large
nnd £>CT4 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 2501 50 per
cio,.( n fcr oid and $2 2002 5i> for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $304 per . dozen;
Canvasback. $:J#4 60; Sprig. $2@2 50; Teal.
, $1 2501 50; Widgeon. $1 2501 50; small Ducks.
$101 25; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese, 75c<9
$1 25; Brant. $1 25 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers, S4 50 for large and $3 50 for small:
Kngllsh Snipe. $,'{; common Snipe. $1 60; Wild
Doves, $1 2ft: Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$.1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1 25(gl 00.
• Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The depression in Cheese continues and' will
until the present enormous stocks become re
duced. One of the chief causes of the demor
alization of the market has been the discon
tinuance of. the Oriental export demand, which
has been practically suspended since last Sep
tember. The exporters say that prices advanced
I to yuch a .high point during the last half of
J 1903 that the Chinese-Japanese demand, always
' an Important factor In . this market, .and the
Hawaiian demand became diverted to Austra
lia and Chicago, where the goods conld be
bought, cheaper. It appears that Cheese. was
quoted f.o high in San Francisco that Chicago
waa able to supply the Orient right over our
heads. Latterly, overstocked markets and tha
unsettled high rates of exchange due to the
Eastern complications prevented the'. Oriental
Importers from buying In this market. Our
local exporters say that had not this Oriental
demand been shut off our stocks of. cold-storage
Cheese would have been used up long Hgo, and
the current depression In the market would
not have been experienced. They report, how
ever that the Oriental orders are commencing
again, and they hope to regain the lost trade
in the near future. The market continues- dull
and weak with the tendency still downward.
Butter closed the W£ek firm, with light sup
plies of strictly fine creamery, and some
houses quoting an advance over the top quota
tion below. The Humboldt steamer brought
only fourteen boxes. 4
The demand for medium nnd lower grade
Eggs, continues and these descriptions , rule
firm, while the more expensive ranch are quiet.
Receipts were larger again yesterday, as will
be setTi, and isuppHea are not being reduced to
any extent,
Receipts were 3T.40O lbe Butter, 1015 cases
Ekss and 3200 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery; iro^.iOc for extras and
2502S-3 /or seconds; dairy. 18«?22c; store But
ter nominal; cold storage. lS©22c per lb for'
ordinary and 22V.024C for extras.
CHEESE-rlO0^1%c for good to" choice new
ahd " J AiStii.ic for lower erades; Youag Amer
lcae,. 11012c; Eastern, 15@16c; Western. 14@
15c per lb. - ' .
EGGS— Ranch, 22V ; fi2Rc for choice to fancy
and 12c for small and mixed colors; store,
22(323^; cold storage,- ISSlOc.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The warmer weather seemed to encourags
most dealers in Citrus fruits and a little better
feeling" prevailed. Retailers were purchasing
a little more J reely than usual in order to
meet the extra requirements for Sunday, but
the volum* of trade continued small, and as
stocks of all descriptions were : heavy - prices
showed no Improvement. As previously : men
tioned, the large sizes of fancy Navels were
in limited supply, and, such offerings were
firmly held, while there' was the usual pressure
to pell medium and small-sized fruit.'. Ten earn
of Oranges aro announced for to-morroWs auc
tion. . - ..-,-¦¦¦:«-¦• ¦- - -.¦¦-; .
Trade In Apples was quieter than during the
earlv nju-t of the ' week, but ¦ as stocks were
Bank Clearings. j
Lora! Bank <">ariri£s during the week just
•nded were fi7.o77.iMl. atair.st J27.3S5.315 j
<lur»r.g iho mbb« week la*i year, showing a 1
Cain of (298.820, The ciranrsKs daring the
cwTes;jond;:;£ we*k in l'.K!2 were $20,768,771.
Wall Street Conditions.
The New Tcrk rtr>ck market closed the week
»•:,:» ae matertal •-hang*', fotton wa* higher. |
Tl.<- bank Ftatcment appeared excellent on Its j
fare. Isar.s ir.creafins J30.O89.C0fl in round
rminbcrm, . : '>;>.^i!s IstrekeUis $t". 034.000. specie i
increasins i-";d.M:s.(^.t(i rnitl the surplus incnat
irz (2.831.O00. ilut to the majority oi opera- |
to:-.* :; wza hardly as good as exr^ctrd. and j
many of ihtm sold on the very large increase
tn !c*ns. whirh they construed unfavorably. I
overi^-kins t!;e increase in deposits, specie
mrA surplus. Gossip (ram tl\e Stock Exchange
pent out to th:s city »a« to th^ fffe«'t that the j
rui'.'.e are r.c.v.- in control of tne market and |
¦»UI carry ii hiph- r. Lbougb reactions will
probably occur on e\-erj - snmrp advance.
Weather Report.
<";C r ''.h Meridian— Pacific Time.)
• FAN" FRAN<"IS'~O. Jan. 23—5 p. m.
The foiioTv:nc ai* the Wlinnil rair.fa.lls to ]
date, us compared with those of th« same cale ]
!a*t ' s^arnn anj rsinfali in the last twenty-]
fcur Sours: !
Last Tbi«! Lut !
P:at:ons — 24 hoars. Season. Season. \
F.ureku fl.iVj 2:{.32 2".l.77
n^d vmrr o.oo i.;.r.a ii.M
Eacrarotato 0.0-> 5.20 ~ :il
Fan FranciEco O.OO 7.10 7.10
Fiesr.o 0.«" 1.44 :i.".*0
Independence O.f.X* 0.42 0.S:{
San Luis Ofcispj 0.00 1.90 5.01
L»">s Angeles 0.00 <!>.."-7 4.t'7
Saa Diego 0.00 0.43 «.CJ
THE COAST REfORD.
H sx v — '.-. ?*
STATIONS. J 1| If |-T |? |
z ~ — • ; =
Baker :y).lS 3C ZO IC1? Pt.CIdy .00
Carson 30.2^ 41 IS KW Clear .«)
Kureka 3O.;;2 SO 44 N Pt.Cldy .IK>
Karalicn :{).1« Z5 4» NW Clear .00
. Fresno :;0.1«! 54 36 E Clear .00
Flagstaff :;i».ie 4^ H S Clear .UO
Po<atello a«)..!4 :>2 « K Pnow T.
Independence .30.10 M 40 SE Cloudy .00
Ivjs Ane&n ..:k>.hi 74 42 w cloudy ..(0
Sit. TamaJpal£.^0.J7 52 45 N Clear .it'J
>orth Head ..30.32 4t> . . NW Pt.Ody .its
I'hOfnix ."5t>.2* Ci Z2 \V Clear .«•> I
foiat Reyes ..tlfi.ll £5 4s XIV Cl-iar .«0 |
l'cn!»r:ij :k/.."W 40 42 \\* Pi.<"ldy .0V ;
P.ed KluJE ."O.JS 54 4S S\V Pt.Cldy .00 i
Pu*>cbuns .....W.U.S Hi 42 KB Cloudy .frj i
>€«cruaesto ..;;0.1C 6<J 4ft BE Clear .0") !
¦fialt I^ake :ii.2S :i4 26 ifB CJoudy T.
fian Francisco.30.t8 58 4*» N Pt.Cldy .00
H L. ObiFpo. .U0.I2 02 42 Calm Cloudy .00
, Baa r>ie«> ...30.CS &i 4S N"\V OlouJy .M
Seattle ...:... no. 22 4S 42 E Kain .2U
30. 04 S4 zi .•< <;ioudy .«o
Tatryjsh SO.-.i i<\ 22 NW ClOOdy .20
c V.aKa V.'alla. .;;o.lO 00 2» BW Cloudy .00
.¦ttinaecucca .30.20 40 18 W Cloudy .00
T;ma :i»'.V± th M NW Clear .u*
"WEATHER CONDITION-S AND GKXERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure ia frilling steadily over the |
entire Pacific Slope, a moderate depret-tion j
overlleg the KootCin) ar.i n:ay move south- :
u-ard along the P.ocky Mountains. Clood/
weather prevails genr-raily th:ou?h California I
. The temperature !:aa remained nearly atu
; tlonary except et Bed Bluff. »-hrr» thr-re has
: bpen a. l&l\ of 1>> d»grr-ep. The foUovtnc max
liruja wiijd vti<xities are rcpfirted: Tatoo»h
THland. 42, northwest; North Head 40 north
west.
I Forecast mad* at Kan Fr.inclsco for thirty
hours tnidniRht, January 24:
Northern California — <"Iou,iy en d unsettled I
•weather Bu&dajr, light south winds chancing
to northerly.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
leather .-Sunday. :isht Wtsttrly wind«.
Hevmim. — ("iouiy Sacday.
San Fram.is.;o 2nd \icinity— Cloudy ?unlay
liCtt north' r'.y n,nls. A. O. McADIK.
District Korecarter.
- TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES
S F G ft E. — — |
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd — 35o |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — ISO L P A A.. — . IT©
Anglo-Cal .. 89% J>2 Mer Trust . . — 240
Bank of Cal. — 450 Merca Ex . . —
Cal Safe D. — 1BO% 3 F Nationl — —
First NatJo^i — ~
SAVIXGS BANKS.
Ger SAL.— 23iK> Sav A L So 95 —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.lOO 112 Union T Co.
S F Sar U.620 650
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197%205 (Presidio ....40 41
Geary — 80 I
POWDER,
Giant 62 63 I Vlgorit — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — (Kllauea S C— 5
Hawaiian C. 43ft 44U IMakawell C. 21 22
Honokaa S C 12 12%{Onomca S C. — 30
Hutch S P C 8% 8%iPaauhau S C — 14
Continued on Pace Forty-Six.
Among the unlisted securities $32,000 United
Railroads 4s sold at SSO 50.
The mining stocks were featureless, with not
much remaining of the recent boom.
There was Increased activity in the oil stocks,
as will be seen by the list of sales. The sales
on the California I Exchange last week were
18.567 shares, valued at $7310. the Leading
sales being as follows: Associated Oil, 2500
shares; Independence. 15C2; Occidental, 1200;
Oil City. 5S0O; Petroleum Center. 1100; Toltec,
2C00; Monte Cristo. 700; Esperanza and Stfnset.
500 each; Home, 950.
At the annual meeting of the Presidio and
Ferries Railroad the old directors and officers
were elected, with George A. Newhall as presi
dent. The net earnings of the line in 1903
were over $45,000. Dividends absorbed $21,000;
?6C00 was added to the sinking fund and $15,000
applied to retiring bonds.
At the annual meeting of the shareholders
of the Mill Valley and Mount TamalpaU
Scenic Railway Company the following direct
ors were re-elected : S. B. Cushlng, R. H.
Wfcrfleld. Charles F. Runyon. W. C. B. d«
Fremcry. C. de Guigne. Daniel E. Hayes and
Harry F. Woods. The net profit* for 1903
amounted to $21,130 28. out of which quarterly
dividends of $1 per share were paid. amount-
Ing to 55200.
At the annual meeting of the Donohoe-Kelly
Banking Company the old board of directors
were r*>-elected as follows: Adjm Grant. John
Bermlngham, Eugene Kelly. George Whittell,
R. H. P?ase, E. L. Eyre. F. P. Cole. C. de
Guigne. Joseph A. Donohoe and Edward Dono
hoe. Semi-annual dividends at the rate of 5
per cent per annum were paid during the yaar.
The board of directors re-elected Adam
I Grant president: Joseph A. Donohoe, vice
president; Edward Donohoe. secretary and
cashier, and John E. Fltrpatrlck. assistant
cashier. - •
At the annual meeting of the United Gas and
Electric Company out of 22.2SB shares com
prising the capital stock 20.416 shares were
represented in person or by proxy. The follow
ing directors were unanimously re-elected: C.
E. Green. W. Gregg Jr., R. J. Davis, C. H.
Pennoyer and J. E. Green. The directors or
ganized by electing J. E. Green president, C.
E. Greon vlc» president. O. H. Pennoyer secre
tary and E. B. Lillis assistant secretary-
The Northern Light Mining Company ha«
declared a dividend of 5c per share, payable
February 1. . - *
Stock and Bond Exchange.
• . SATURDAY. Jan. 23—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107 %10S% Us qr cp newl33tfl."M
4s qr reg...lO7VilO8%l3s qr coup.. 107 108
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do con 5s. 102% —
Bay CPC 5s.l01% — O W C g 5s. — 99
I Cal C G 5s. — 107 O S S C 5s. — 78
i Cal G & E g Om Cable 6s.l22U —
m & ct 5a. ' — 104 Pac G Im 4s. — 08
Cal-st 6s. ...114 — P E Ry 3s.lO4% —
C C Wat 5s. — 104 P & C H 6s.l03% —
E L & P 6s.l20 — P & OR 6s.ll7 —
I F & C H 6s. •— 117 Powell-st 6s.ll3»4 —
i Geary-st 5s. .45% 90 SE G&R 5s. — 101
H C&S 5%s.lO4 — SF & SJV5a.llS 118%
I H C & P 58. 0S% 99U Sierra R 6s. — 112
I Hon R T 6S.106 — S P of A 6s
I L A Elec 5s. — ¦ — (1909) 105 —
I L A Ry 5S.114U115U (1910) ....106 —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 104% <19O5)Sr A.104 104%
LAP lem 6s.102% — 19O5)Sr B.104% —
Mkt-st C fis».1i«M — (lOOfi) 105U108
Do lem 56.114%115% (1912) ....117% —
N R of C tis 1051.1105% SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
Do . r a ....117% — Do stmpd.lOSmOfl
n p c r 5a. — — s p b r es.m*; —
N C R us. — 112 S V W 6s. 106% —
N O P C 5s. 95 100 Do 4s 2dm. 9fl%100
N S R R Rs. — 100% Do 4s Mm. ,09ft —
O G L H 58.107% — Stkn G&E6s. — 102
O T Co 6s.ll7'/i — U G & E 5s. — —
¦ Do 5s 100 —
' WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 39% 40%IPort Costa.. — —
Marin Co . . — 65 IS V W Co. 30>4 33%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 414 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Mut E L Co. S% — S F G & E. 58% 59
Pac L Co... 55% — U G & E.. — 30
Sec E G & R 58% 59
Union Pacific 15.500 8174 81 81%
Union Pac pfd " m^
Wabash 3.100 21% 21 21%
Wabanh pfd 17.500 40% 39V; 40W
Wh & L H 1.000 19 18% 18%
Wis Central 1.000 21% 21% 21%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 1.000 47»» 47 hi *74s»
Express Companies —
Adams 220
American" 195
United States 10s
Welis-Fargo '. H05
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper .. 37.150 51U 50% 50%
Am Car & Found.. 500 20% 20% 20%
Am Car & F pfd... 200 71% 71% 71 \i
Am Lir.seed Oil .' . 10%
Am Liu Oil pfd 100 23% 29% 29
Am Locomotive ... 400 1«',» 1» 19
Am Locomotive pfd 78
An Smelt & Ref... 700 40 4S% 48!,
Am Smelt & R pfd 700 91% OlVi 91
Am Sugar Refining. 11.000 130 128% 129%
Anacor.da Min Co.. 400 7CU 76 75
Brooklyn R*>p Trrs. 6,fi00 51 60 50^4
</olo Fuel & iron... Sf'O 31% 31 S 30%
Col &¦ Hock Coal. 6OO 14 13% l::i,j
Consolidated Gas .. 1.1*00 190 195% 195%
General Electric .. .500 17m; 177=j 4 1771*
Internat I'aper 1,600 13% I3\k 13»i
Intfrnat Paper pfd. 4<jO 67% 07% 67
Ir.tcrr^at Pump .' . .... 32
Internal Pmr.p pfd 71
National Biecuit .. 110 39'>i 3i*% 89%
National I^eal 1.100 16% 16U 15%
North American .. 4,3<>0 88 87% 87V*
Pacific Mall 1.900 3»% 2T» 29%
! People's Gas WW0 HX)% 5'Jii 99"*.'
j Pressed Steel Car.. S00 31% 31 30%
Pie>-se<3 S Cai pfd 70
1 Pullman Pal Car 211
I Republic Steci . 3.500 S*^ SU »%
! Bejpub>le Ft-nl pfd. 4.000 33% 47 48
j Rubber Goods 5<X> 21 20*4 21
! Rubber Goods jifd.. 300 79^4 7fi% 785^
! Ter.n Coj\1 & Iron.. 2,roo 40' i 3n» t 3H= 4
I U S leather 2.6CK) S 7% 7%
U S Leather pfd .. 1.500 79 'i 78 H 7S" 4
U S Rubber 100 13% 13% 13^
U S Rubber pfd... 4C0 50»i 50 49-V
U S Steel 7.S00 12\« 12 12 '
U S Steel pfd 29.CK«> 59% T>9 5'.»Vi
Western Union ..., 400 SS% 8S >8
Total sales ...335,700 ,
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23. — Bond transactions in
United Railways of Saji Francisco, 20,0o0 at
79 "i. 33.000 at 80.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
American Can. Common, bid 4%, asked 4%;
preferred, bid 37?i, asked 37%.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. rcg. .105Vi Louis & N uni 4s. 99%
Do coupon 1C5U 'Manhattan c g 48.103%
Do Ss. reg 10-j Mex Cent 4s 70
Do co-jpon 106% Do 1st inc ... 10
Do new 4.s. reg.l32',i Minn & S L 4s. 97*;
Do coupon 133UIM K & T 4s 9S
Do old if. reg.107% 1 Do 2c!s 80%
Do coupon 107% N R li of M c 4s 7« : '«
Do r-s. rrg lOl^lN Y Cent g 3%s. OS'.i
Do. roumn lolU'N" J Cent g 5s.i::i
Ajch gen 4s m^ .Northern Pac 4s.10.5Vi
Do adj 4s 90 Do 3s 73
j Atlantic C L 4s. 74 Nor & W c 4s... 97'i
• Balto & O 4s... 102 iO S L 4s & Par. 95
Do 3%s 94%iPenn conv > B%s.. 9'i
Cent of Ga 5s... 1W%\ Reading Gen 4s. OfUi
Do 1st inc 71 jSt L & I M c 5e.ll2', 8
! Che« &. O 4%B...10.-i*;>St LiSFfg 4s. S4
i Chi & Alton :-;M-s. 7CT4!st L S W lsts.. 05%
! C B & Q n 4s. 93^:seaboard A L 4s. 67
¦ O M & S P g 4s.lOS» 4 ; Southern Pac 4s. cO%
Chi & N W e Tf.ism,! Southern Ry 5s.. 114
CRI&PRR4s 7.'U 4 'Tex & Pac lsts.. 11*5 .
Do col 5s S3 ;Tol St L & W 4s 72%
C r. c & S L e 4s. !)7 Union Pac 4s -.10:%
I Chi Terra 4s ... 81%! Do conv 4e 8S
I Con Tobacco 4s.. f.I O S Steel 2d 5*. 75%
Co!o & Ho 4s... K8%|\Vabash l.»ts 115%
Denver & Tl O 4s. 98 ! Do Deb B 67
Erie prior lien 4s. flS^' Wheel & L E 4s. 00^
Do G<:n 4s .... MlilWls Cent 4s 90
I Ft W & D C 1st?. 104 .Colo F & I c 5s. 73
i Hocking Val 4'-;».lC5 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adcms Con 10; Little Chief 06
Alice 25 Ontario 6 00
Creece 10 OrMr : 4 00
Bruns Con 05: Phoenix 13
Corn Tunnel OS!Potosi 25
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Savage 50
Horn Silver 1 05; Sierra Nev 75
Iron Silver 1 2.VSmall Hopes 20
Leadvi'.Ie Con .. 02'Standard 1 60
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westing Com ... SI
Call loans 316044s Mining—
Time loans 4%i55% Adienture 2ft
Bond? — Allouez 4%
Atchison 4s 9S% Amal Copper SOVi
Mrx Cent 4s <3>%!Daly West 34
Railroads — jBingham 2:t%
Atchison TO«4 Calumet & Hecla 4M
Do pfd 91 »» Centennial 15
Boston & Albany.245 Copper Range ... 45%
Boston & Mainc.lCS Dom Coal ...' 65%
Boston Elev 140 Franklin S%
N Y. N II & II.. 19514 1 Isle Royale 8%
Fltchburg pfd 1M Mohawk 3S%
Union Pafinc KI*ik)jd Dominion 11 14
Mex Cntral .... 12U. Osceola 00%
Miscellaneous — Parrot 2.1
Ajti't Sugar 129% Quincy 95
I>o pfd^. 12»*i Fanta Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel & Tel. . 12f> Tamarack 108
Dom Iron &. S... «% Trinity T,
Cm El«"-tric 17<5 I'nited States 21 '.J
Ms.«s Klectric ... 23 Utah 331^
Do pfd 79% Victoria 31A
T_'n!ted Krult 1»R Wlnona e\i
V S St«»el ". 12 Wolverine 70%
Do pfd 5914 1 United Copper... 6
Associated Banks' Statement.
NSW YORK. Jan. 23. — The statement of
| averages of the Clearing Houto banks of this
! city for th» week shows: Loans, S9fj."i,0fl4,f«00
| Increase, $00,«'^9,300. Deposits, $980,303,300;
I increase. i45.(i"4.7CO. Circulation. $13,141,200;
I decrease, $fl3IUK)0. Legal tendern. $77,440,600;
! Increase. $«20.800. f?peci< $195.207.»00; In
crease. $13.C28.SO0. Renerve, $272,048,500: in
crease. $14,149,600. Reserve required, $24^,-
K7r..«2r>; irerease. $lI.2r>S.«J75. Surplus, $20.
! O72,S7r>; increase. $2,S30,ft2."i. Ex-United States
OpoMtF, $35,2S9.2.'.O; Increase. $2.8S6.225.
Nciv York Grain and Produce.
NKW YORK, Jan. 23— FLOUR— Receipts
19.251 barrels; exports. 22.300 barrels; sales
7300 packages. Steady, with a Rood business
doing. AVinter patents, $4 35$4 55; winter
straights, $4 25@4 35: Minnesota patents, $4 73
©5; winter extras, S3 20&3 50; Minnesota bak
er?. ?3 f»0©4 20; winter low jxadcn, $3Q;3 so
WHEAT— Receipts, 3DO0 bushels; sales.
2.150.VK) bushel* futures. 10.000 spot. Spot
firm; No. 2 red, 94c elevator. 05c f. o. I,.
afloat; N*o. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 75 f. o. b.
afloat. Options were considerably stronger to
day and more active on a scare of shorts due
to a cold wave west after the rain. The
cIofp was firm at %c to %c net advance. May
closed »2*ic; July, 87'ic.
HOPS— Pacific Coast, 1903. 26034c; 1902, 23
627c; cl<3«. lOffilSc.
HIDES — Firm- Galveston. 20 to 25 pounds.
JSc: California, 21 to 25 pounds. 18c; Texas
I dry. 26 to 30 oonnde. 14c.
WOOL— Firm. Domestic neec*. 28(J32c.
COFFEE— fipot nio firm: No. 7 Invoice, 7%c;
mild firm. Cordova, 6«iG13c. Futures closed
steady. Sales, 145.245, Including March, 7.80
er7.fc5c; May. 6.10©8. 15c; July. 8.35@8.40c;
October. ».C5c: December, 8.85@8.0Oc.
Pt'GAR — Raw nominal: fair refining-, 2.27®
1 2.32c; centrifugal. 90 test. .1.1 103.32c: mo-
I laeaes suear. 2.19iJ2.32c: refined dull; No. 2.
4.05c: No. 7. 4.00c; No. 8, 3.95c: No. 9. 3/90c;
No. 10. 3.85c; No. 11, 3.80c; No. 12, 3.75c:
No 13. 3.70c; No. 14. 3.63c; confectioners' A,
4.r.0c; mold A. 4.70c; cut loaf and crushed,
fi.uV; powdered and granulated, 4.55c; cubes,
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market shows
no change from the conditions recently noted.
Common are quoted at 4^5c; prime, 5Vs@5Hc;
choice. 5%<5<5c; fancy, tt%@7c.
PRUNES — Continue somewhat ' unsettled,
with quotations f till ranging from 3%c to 6%c
for all (Trades.
APRICOTS — Finn. Choice. 9W@9%c; extra
choice, 9%<&10%c; fancy, llfclSc.
PEACHES— In fair request. Choice quoted
7Kt7?4c; extra choice, 7?i®8c; tancy. 9@10c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May.
Opting ....¦ 6 4% .6 2%
Closing ti 4^ C 2% '¦
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 20 90 21 20
Closing 20 85 21 20
Flour 1 —
Opening 29 00 28 70
Closing 20 00 28 70
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 23. — Wheat holdings ap
peared to be more strongly concentrated in
a few hands to-day than before the heavy [
¦ liquidations of the last forty-eight hours. In
addition, foreign markets did not respond to I
the break here yesterday. As a consequence.
opening quotations on May were unchanged
to %c higher at 90^@00%c. An effort on the
part of shorts to cover resulted in an early ,
advance to Ql%iQHl~ic. During the remainder |
of the session there were frequent .rallies and i
declines, the leading long adding materially j
to his line on each reaction. The close was
¦trong. with prices well up to the higher point.
Final figures on May were at 91%@01%c.
The corn market was Influenced more or less
by the strength In wheat. The' close wan
strong, with May at 4U%c, selling between
49M,c and 49%c.
The feature in trading in oats was mod- |
erate buying by a prominent '..cmmisslon j
house. May ranged between il%^ill%c and i
42'«S'42V;c. closing at 42Vsc. i
Provisions were firm in symnatSy with a
stronger hog market. Pit traders; and enm
mlsslon houses were the best buyers, with
English house* supplying th6 demand. The
close was steady with May pork and lard un
changed and ribs a shade lower.
The lea 'line futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
IVheat No. 2—
May 00*4 91% 0<H4 90V»
•Tu!y 81% 82% 81 Vi 82%
September 7'% 78 77% 77%
Corn No. 2 —
January .... .... 45^
May 4I»% 40% 40% 40-K,
July 47-Ti 49 47"* 47's
September 33 33*-i" 32% 32}*
Oats No 2—
January 3SH4
May 42 42'i 41*4 42>S
July 37% 37% 37% 37% I
Mess Perk, rer bbl —
January 13 15 ]
May 13 35 13 37 Vi 13 30 13 32^i
Lard, per 100 lb» —
January 7 12V* 7 15 7 12>4 7 15
May 7 374 ~ '-iTVj 7 32% 7 36
July 7 40 7 40 7 35 7 35
Short Ribs. t>er 1<X) lbs—
January 6 45 C 45 C 42V. 6 45
May C 77% fi "".'A fi 72Vi 6 75
July .. 6 S7Vi « 87% 0 82% 0 65
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet
and steady: winter patent*, $4 20s?4 r»0;
straights. $41/4 20: spring patents. $4 10§4 50:
straiEMs. $:f tt>#4: takers', 2 4CW3 :!0: No. 3
wheat. 75<5S7e: No. 2 red, 80Ufj92%c: No. 2
corn. 46Ho; No. 1! yellow 48c: No. 2 oat3. 39 l *
iSx3Or4c: No. :; \vhi*o. 3f»®40iic: No. 2 rye, j
54>>jc gotx] feedlns; barley, 3S<g.'!9e: fair to '
choice malting. 4tifir'Sc: No. 1 fiaxsecd. $1 05; \
Nc. 1 Northwestern, ?1 14: prime timothy ;
sped. $.'{ 25: mess pork, per bbl. $13 25fn.1 35; j
lard. pf>r 100 lbs; $7 15; short ribs sides (loose), !
$ii 37)406 75: whisky, basis of hlfth wines,
$1 27: clover, contract grade. $11 25.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 31.800 17.500
Wheat, bushels :s<?,900 20.100
Corn, bushels 305,500 310,200
Oats bushels 214.500 174.ROO
Rye. bushels 10.500 54.1CO
Barley, b-.ishe'.s 8.V.00 14,800
On xhe Produce Exchansre to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 15ff21c; dairy,
lS'ftlftc: eegs. strong at mark, cases Included,
2t>52Sc; cheese, steady. 10$10l&r.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Jan. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts.
300: nominal: good to prime steers. $4 00§5fl5;
poor to medium. $3 25(R:4 50; stockers and
feeders. |2fi4: cows. $1 5O@4 00; heifers. $173
CM 50; canners, *1 50?J2 45; bulls, $2@4; calves.,
I $3frG 10.
I HOGS — Receipts to-day. 17.-00O: Monday,
$4'90 l J?5 10; bco<1 to choice heavy, $5 O.'^ff 20";
rough" heavy, M.83S5 or.; light. 54 tiOg-1 DO;
bulk of sales, ?1 8. r >i@5 05.
Sheep — Receipts 200f>; sheep and lambs
steady; good to choice wethers. $4 10^4 CO; fair
tc choice mixed, $"23*14: Western sheep. $3 50
(H135: native lambs, $4 «i0©0; Western lambs.,
$4 15(33 05.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23. — Imports of dry goods
at the port of New York for the week were
valued at $13,825,0X5.
Imports of specie at New Tork In the past
week were $180,321 gold and $11,235 silver.
Exports of specie from this port for the
week were fi.lC0.2T7 silver ar.d $29,803 gold.
Nciv York Metal Market:
NEW YORK, Jan. 23. — Local metal markets
were dull to-day at unchanged quotations. The
oepper market ruled About steady. Lake,
SIS'SSW; electrolytic. $12 «2'4# 12 S7%; cast
in?. $12 50fH2 75. Tin was barely steady with
i spot $28028 60. Lead was firm, with moderate
i Inquiry: spot. $4 50K4 «3. Spelter was quiet
at $4 95®5 05. The feeling In the Iron market
is unsettled, though prices remain nomlnaiy
unchanged.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23. — The cotton market
opened easy on a decline of H to 14 points and
closed firm after ruling dull and firm.
St. Louis Wool Market.
fiT. LOUIS, Jan. 23.— Wool, nominal;
medium grades combing and clothing, I~jjr21r.;
light fine. 15#17%c; heavy fine. 12@14%c; tub
washed, 20@31c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Jan. 23.— Clearings, $510,306;
balances. $ir.,82C.
TACOMA. Jan. 23. — Clearings, $320,819; bal
ances. $41,802.
PORTLAND. Jan. 23.— Clearings, $380,611;
balances. $10ti,S77..
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 23.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 73c; blue stem. 78c; valley, 7SS'8Oc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wanh.. Jan. 23. — Wheat— Blue
stem. 79%c; club, 75%c.
Watt-street stocks close the zeeck steady.
Local stocks and bonds moderately active.
Silver sezrral fractions lower. Rates of exchange undisturbed.
Local bank clearings just above those of last year. :
. Wheat and other grains quiet and not materially changed.
Hay and Fcedsiuits firm, with Oilcake Meal higher.
Beans dull, but firmly held. Limas especially.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs still quiet.
"Xdthing :iez<L* in Dried Fruits.
Proi'isions quiet, here and at Western points.
•¦ Wool, Hides and Hops as previously quoted.
Beef steady. Mutton firm and Pork in goefd supply.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in good demand and firm.
, Poultry and Game in liberal supply and dull.
Rather more activity in Citrus Fruits.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24; 1904:
Business on the Stock and Bond Exchange
was of a Saturday character.' Alaska ¦ Packers
was "lower at $13!) and Gas and Electric wv-ak
at $38 50@58 C2*4. Spring Valley Water
showed the most activity. s-Wlinc at S102OT 73.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
47
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I -ry-rxj-.- i- - -_-i_ li.-jvi -u-o-,_n_-» .
Part of Marcomi Certificates.
LET YOUR MONEY WORK FOR YOU !
T1ARC0NI CERTIFICATES Will
Net Yop From 100 to 1000 Per
Cemt Better Resialts Tlham Any
Labor of Youars Cam Produce.
THE PATENTS AND FIELD OF THE
MARCONI COMPANY.
The Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company of America owns the present
and prospective patents of Marconi, as well as the Wireless patents of
Thomas A. Edison. Professor Michael Idvorsky Pupin of Columbia College
and of Professor J. A. Fleming of the University of London. This fact
practically removes fear of serious competition. The Company operates
under the above named wireless patents in the United States, Cuba, Porto
Rico, the Hawaiian Islands, the Philippine Islands. Alaska and the Aleutian
Islands. •
The plants of the Marconi system in the United States are at South
Wellfleet, Cape Cod, Mass; (Transatlantic), Herald Station, Nantucket
Lightship Station, Siasconset, on Nantucket Island, Mass.; Sagaponack.L.L;
Babylon, L. I.; Chicago, III.; Milwaukee, Wis., and there is also one at Glace
Bay, Nova Scotia. The stations in Great Britain are at Withernsea, Caistor,
Fritton, Chelmsford, North Foreland, Dungeness, New Haven, Portsmouth,
Culver Cliff, Niton, Poole, Portland, Lizard, Scillies. Poldhu, Crookhaven,
Queenstown, Rosslare, Holy Head, Inishtrahull. In Germany there are -
stations at Borkum Island and Borkum Lightship, and in Belgium at Lay
Panne. . ' • . ! ;
The English Admiralty has land stations at Malta, Gibraltar, Tientsin,
Hongkong, Bermuda, and has all of its men of war equipped with the ap-
paratus; among them the following: Majestic, Magnificent, Mars, Terrible,
Furious, Arrogant, Argonaut, Europa, Revenge, Ariadne, Minotaur, St.
•George, Minerva, Gladiator, Cressy, Glory, London, Good Hope, Hannibal,
Jupiter, Vernon. .The- Italian Royal Navy has five land stations and all its •
ships equipped with the apparatus.
Marconi is now engaged in the construction of a high power station at
Pisa, Italy, "which, when completed, will be capable of communicating over
5000 miles with Argentina, as well as with South Wellfleet.
GREAT FORTUNES HADE IN ELECTRI-
CAL INVESTHENTS.
Some of 'the greatest fortunes of this country were made by early in-
vestments in' the Edison Electric Light Company and in the Bell Telephona
Company, while hundreds of small, investors became independently wealthy.
The stock of the Edison Electric Light Company advanced from $100 t9
$4000 in one year, and that was several years before dividends were de-
clared. Bell Telephone stock increased from $i a share to more than $1000
a share, and the profits of an original investor of $roo in the Bell Telephone
Company are more than $200,000. k '» .
The time to buy is now. Don't wait for the price to go, beyond your
reach". The stock of the British Marconi Company has advanced 340 per
cent in two years. *
A limited amount of stock offered at par, $5.00 per certificate. Mini-
mum subscriptions $100. i%i %*:*}¦£
Prospectus upon application and your, correspondence solicited.
BANKERS
Citbssley Building, San Francisco
Century Bulldng, St. Louis, Mo. Farmers* Bank Buildlnl. Plt!sbur£, P. A.
Land Title Building Phllade phia. Pa. Union Trust Buildlnj, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Royal Ins. Building. Chicago. 111.
CORRESPONDENTS: ML N ROE & MUNROE, N. V.
The system is in operation at our offices and you are cordially
Invited to witness the exhibition.
AUCTION SALES
£a AUCTION SALE £»
-••;:'"¦¦ or —
50— Horses and Mules— 50
By order of Fred Maat of Tola County and
H Evans of Butte County, we wilt sell BO
head of HORSES and MULES. weUhinc from
1100 to 1600 rvound.o.
Thi a stock Is well broken. In rood order and
ready for work.
Sale Takes Place
THURSDAY NIGHT. January 28. at S o'clock.
At 1732 MARKET ST.. S. F.
Stock at yard Thursday morninr.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Auctioneers.
AT AUCTION ¦**
I 20 HEAD of HEAVY DRAFT HORSES. 1
HANDSOME 6- YEAR-OLD SADDLE HORSE.
1 FAST PACER. RUBBER-TIRE BUGGY
and HARNESS and a lot of horses suitable for
all purposes. AH horses guaranteed to be aa
represented. This stdck must be sold.
MONDAY. Jan. 23. at 11 o'clock.
At ELLIS-ST. STABLE. 615 ELLIS ST.
" . 8. WATKINS. AacUonMf.
L.H.BURD,
AUCTIONEER,
Will 6«II
TO-MORROW, MONDAY, Jan. 25,
'At II a. m .
Th« ELEGANT FL'RNITURE. 1228 JACK-
SON ST. .
A. H.ANDERSON, the Auctioneer
Having secured the premises of 19 TURK ST..
NEAR MARKET, where he will hare a sales-
room that Is unsurpassed, as well as 400ft
square feet of storage room. Is now prepared
to receive consignments of FURNITURE «te..
and win buy. sell and exchange UP-TO-DATE
FURNITURE. CARPETS ETC Lodgtns;*
houses bought, sold and exchanged. Present
offlco room 26. 806 Market st.; tel. Main 1352.
£_ Will Close out a large stock of HORSES.
>^> MARES. DONKEYS. CARTS. SURl
RETS. WAGONS. BUGGIES. SINGLE AND
DOUBLE HARNESS TUESDAY. Jan. 26 U
a. m.. at 1140 FOLSOM ST.
WILLIAM CLOUOH. Auctioneer.Ch'arijes' Partner With' Cheating.
.:• Robert*- -Farrelly, /who,' .¦.with*-' Louis
Parent^ ' runs a '- launch ' from . Mciggs
wharf, filed a suit for .a'h: accounting
against . Parent! yesterday. 1 ,;. , Farrelly
charges that Parent! -has taken' pos
session of the launch and refuses r to
account to him for Its earnings.
A. novel restaurant at the world's
fair will be one with the walls of the
building made of glass tanks in which
will swim fishes.
tiful Color-.
The official views of the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition to be held at St
Louis will be Issued as supplements to
The Sunday Call, beginning with the is
sue of Sunday. January 31. AKenta art<l
newsdealers will do well to order early
as there will b« a great demand for fheaa
beautiful views:
St. Louis World's Fair Views in Beau-
OUT NEXT SUNDAY.
Native Sons' Social.
Next Wednesday evening *the Xa
' tiv<i Sons* joint literary and social
I committee under the auspices of
Golden Gate Parlor will give an en
tertainment and" ball in the Native
• Sons' building. Those who will en
tertain are Victor Berdahl, Hazel Au
•' brey, Genevieve Clark, Corinne John
son, Lester Alden, Maude Baxter, Ma
' rif Stodard, Beatrice Magdelen,
: Maude Neil. Alice "-Wey and F. W.
Cody. If. H. Keen*? will be th« chair
man of tlu» evening.
Charles Sullivan, convicted of murder
in the second degree, and John H.
Powell, convicted of manslaughter for
the killing of Special Officer Robert A-
Sample on Folsom street, between First
and Second, on the morning of August
11, appeared in Judge Lawlor's. court
yesterday for sentence.
At the previous calling of the cases
an affidavit had been filed by Powell al
leging that he, and not Sullivan, fired
the fatal shots at Sample in self-de
fense, and on that showing Sullivan's
attorney made a motion for a new trial.
Yesterday Sullivan's attorney filed an
affidavit, signed by . Joseph Mann,
former bailiff in Judge Lawlor's court,
to the effect that while Powell's trial
was going on he had heard Powell say
in the presence of his attorneys that
he had a good mind to make a clean
breaet of it, and on being pressed to ex
plain Powell said:
"I and Charley were going up Folsom
street peaceably, when all of a- sudden
Robert Sample came up behind me and
struck me on the back ¦'"of the head
with a club. I turned . and grappled
with him and took his pistol away from
him r and . shot him. I acted in self-
dpfens**."
The argument on the motion for a
Klrss Eros.* book store, 2 Fourth st..
ha* removed to a larger store at 07
Fourth st. Books bcugnt and sold •
Herman Lesser, 915 Market street, is
going- out of business.- Olson will take
possession on March 1. " Rent and goods
are paid. $30,000 worth of goods .will
and must be disposed of in four weeks,
but how? Is it. necessary to explain
why these goods are being sacrificed?.
There Is to be sold 520.000 worth of fine
men's clothing, all nrst-class; -$10,000
worth of the very best of ladies'
and men's shoes; all must get -out
before February 27. - Everything is
marked in plain figures, strictly one
price, exactly one-half of its original
cost, namely: $17.50 men's all-wool suits.
58.75; regular $3.50 ladies' . and men's
shoes, $1.75 a pair. All goods 50c on the
dollar. Storekeepers will do well- to take
notice. v of. the. Closing-Out Clothing and
Shoe Sale, 916 Market st.opp. Mason. •
Closing Out" Sale of ; Men's Clothing,
Ladles' and Men's Shoes.
' To ; eripourage the' military-' training
of ; officers of Ithe militia' of 'the several
States ;^and: y the ; War 'De
partment I has . issued r orders , : ; to^ carry
out .the', pro visions of the following act
of Cong?essY; - -
"That whenever any officer of the
As yet no orders have been Issued
from the headquarters of General
MacArthur for the inspection of the
National Guard of this State under the
recent orders from Washington, but it
is expected that they will be ; issued
during the current week and then in
spections, will commence. Under the
recent order from the War Depart
ment the commanding "general of each
geographical division must, as soon as
practicable after January. 1, designate
such -number of experienced officers,
including active or> retired -officers of
the regular army already on duty with
the organized "militia, as may be nec
essary to inspect all the organized
militia" of States or.Territories within
the limits of their respective com
mands.' The order requires that the
inspections shall be very close and the
department wishes to know if the or
ganisations are sufficiently.armed,'Uni
formed- and; equipped 5 for active, ser
vice.irVthe field. ¦ • - ¦ ' 11; " . •
The one hundred and forty-flfth an
niversary- of the birth of Robert
Burns will he celebrated by the St.
Andrew's Society at Scottish Hall. 107
Larkin street, to-morrow evening. An
excellent programme, which is as- fol
lows, will be rendered:
Selections, orchestra: »or.g. "Ther* Wu <%
Lad." Andrew McXalr: address. "Robert
Burns." Rev. W. K. Guthrle; son?, "For th»
$ake o" Somebody." Miss Marlon Cummlng;
•juartet. "Annie Laurl-." Ladles' Arcadian
Quartet (Mrs. Relnhold Denke. M!ss Olga
Herman. Miss Mabelle K. Craig. Miss Lydia
Sterlinsc>;-3on*, "Mary Morrison." Geonr« St.
John Bremner; recitation. "The Cotter" » Satur
day Nitrht," Mrs. Barrle McKay: sons.
"Scots Wha Hae." H. T. Spwder; duet. "Oh.
Wert Thou in the Canld Blast." Mlsa CraU
and Miss Herman: son*. "A Highland Ijirt."
Miss Marion Gumming: trio. "Oh. TCillit
Brew'd a Peck o* Maut." Messrs. McNair. Will
iam Balnaves and Speedie; sens. "Auld Lanz
Syne." T. O. Alt>en. ,
memorate the Birth of the
Scotch Poet.
St. Andrew's Society WHl Com-
Another Affidavit- Is Filed to
Corroborate Confession of the
Slayer of Special Officer
Officers of State Soldiery Who
Wish Instruction, Have Op
portunity Offered by Country
The members of Sherwood Circle of
the Companions of the Forest of the
Ancient Order of Foresters, one of the
most enthusiastic subordinates of that
order, will give an at • home in its
meeting place in the Alcazar building
on the evening of Wednesday, Febru
ary 3. The committee In charge, of
which Mrs. Hay A. O'Brien, paBt chief
companion, .is the leading spirit, has
arranged a first-class programme of
entertainment ; for that evening.
Sherwoods* at Home.
PREPARE TO OELlEBRATTJ
THE BURNS ANNIVERSARY
The epedai committee of the Board
f of Supervisors which has had under ln
. ve*tigation the alleged violation of civil
! service by the new Health Board in
1 making wholesale removals recently
I will file its report with the board at the
meeting to-morrow. Dr. d'Ancona,
'chairman of the committee, has been
• busy for three days preparing the find
'ings of the committee, which it is un-
Iderstood will take the Health Board to
•task for abolishing positions and then
; creating new positions with new desig
nations.
The Supervisors' Committee on Public
Utilities will report back for passage
'to-morrow the ordinance Inviting bids
¦fcr tho issue of bonds aggregating
$5,280,000 for various public improve
ments. The bonds will bear interest at
2^ per cent per annum and will be ex
empt from State and city taxes.
1 Snperrlsoxs' Committee on Health
Board Action Finishes iJabors.
READY TO FILE REPORT.
SCHOOL OPEN
TO GUARDSMEN
SAMPLE MURDER
GETS INVOLVED
new trial in the Sullivan case was con
tinued till next Wednesday, and
against the protest of bis attorney.sen
tence upon Powell was postponed till
the same time.
The student must provide himself at
his own expense with the proper uni
forms, those of the organized militia
of his own State or Territory, and with
the required text books. He must also
provide at his Own expense the furni
ture and other furnishings for , his
rooms and heat and light, and, as the
course will occupy the entire timeiof
the student, outside occupation during
the school v session will he impractic
able. ' . * . '"
Assistant Adjutant Bangham is now
in Florida attending the convention'of
National Guard officers, he having
been detailed to represent California.
..-There has been a shaking up in ..the
Fifth'.* Infantry. > -Last < week •¦. Colonel
Hayes called •,• together '. Lieutenant
Colonel' Julliard and; the three majors
of 'the regiment -and" had, , a : » war.;, tails
with them. He expressed himself as not
satisfied with the worlc ot.the organiza
tion' during' the last year, and gave
them to understand that "things must
be different" in the next twelve months.
He outlined the work that , he ' expected
should be - done, and stated that the
organized militia shall, upon recom
mendation of the Governor of any
State, Territory, or general command-
Ing the District of Columbia and when
authorized by the President, attend
and pursue a regular course . of study
at any military school or college of
the United States such officer shall re
ceive from the annual . appropriation
for the support of the army the same
travel allowances and quarters, or
commutation of quarters, to which an
officer of the. regular array would be
entitled If attending such school or col
lege under orders from proper mili
tary authority, and shall also receive
commutation of subsistence at the.rate
of $1 per day while in actual attend
ance upon the course of instruction."
SHAKE-UP IX THE FIFTH.
probable that J. A. Miller, who com
manded the organization In the Philip
pines when It was a part of the First
California Volunteers, will be chosen to
fill the vacancy.
The supervision will be to have the
officers of the companies perform the
military duty, attend to reports with
promptitude and be in a position to
give at any time the exact condition of
each company.
Colonel Hayes and Major Smith vis
ited San Rafael last week and inspect
ed the quarters of Company D, on the
ground floor of the Masonic building.
They found the quarters admirably ar
ranged,^with all accommodations for
the convenience of the company. The
armory has been fitted up with new
racks for the new rifles, and these were
being placed in position. The company
has a large and commodious drill room.
The same night Major Haven presided
at an election in the company. _ First
Lieutenant Eugene 'Smith declined a re
nomination, .but named for. the position
First -Sergeant- E. R. Gardner, who was
unanimously* elected. J. K." Hawkins
was re-elected 'second lieutenant. The
former is-a well-known businessman of
the place and the latter is City Attor
ney.
At the election to be held in Battery
A, First Artillery, vice Varney, it is
• The three majors were assigned to
battalions different from those pre
viously commanded. Companies A, F
and G were assigned to Major Poultrer.
These are located in Oakland and Ala
me4a. Company I of Livermore, B of
San Jose and D of San Rafael were as
signed to Major Smith, and Company
C of Petaluma, E of Santa Rosa and H
of Napa to Major Haven.
majors will be held responsible for the
work of each unit of the organization.
He also stated that the lieutenant
colonel will have special supervision of
the companies In what is known as the
northern part of the regimental juris
diction and that he personally will su
pervise the other organizations.
CHANGES % OP COMMANDS.
"According to the charter, each of
. the men removed by the Health Board
was entitled to a fair trial. The claim
is advanced that the changes were
, made for economy, retrenchment and
the, betterment of the service. I would
like to know which appointment was
made for economy, which for re
. trenchment and which for the better
ment of the service. As a matter of
fact, the changing of the names of
certain positions without any Import
,a.nt change of duties was merely a
Eham and a pretense."
Ruef then took the* floor on behalf
of the Board of Health. He spoke
{¦with Rome warmth and contended that
j-lxis clients had acted solely In the in
fterests of a better and more economi
.cal conduct of the city's business.
a political retainer loses
IJiis position," he said, "there is a cry
[from the wilderness that civil service
'lia* been violated. The charges made
• against the administration are false.
; There has been no sham and no sub
jterfuge. The administration, instead
jof battling with civil sen-ice, haa even
Lrone further than required by law to
pnphold it. The only trouble is that
[}flv« men who have been doing- one
tjoMn'u work wish to be retained- So
jtor as the former statements that th«
! political wheel has turned is con-
Icerned. I think it is well that it should
as standing still means stagna
tion or the city's business. The pres
*ent Board of Health wishes to live up
| to the spirit and letter of the charter
«ad If It Is shown that It haa not done
¦o it will riadly rescind Its action."
! The Civil Service Commissioners
ftoolc the matter under advisement and
rbope to b* able to render a decision
•Monday.
The Civil Sen-ice Commissioners
listened yesterday to lengthy argu
ments by Franklin K. Lane, ex-Judge
Slack ar.d Abraham Ruef on the con
tention th;;t certain city employes had
been dismissed in violation of the civil
j service provisions of the charter. Lane
' and Slack represented the contestants.
) llxiet appeared for the members of the
• Board of Health, whose summary ac-
I tion in abolishing certain positions and
'creating others has been the subject of
- 6O muc h controversy.
At the opening of the session yes
fterday morning Sir. Ruef presented a
' copy of the rules governing the Cook
1 County Hospital in Chicago, which he
'wished admitted in evidence. The
' new Health Board, he said, has adopt
"ed these rules ar.d his object in pre
! sentins them was to snow that the po
'eitions of hospital secretary and
• •deputy warden were dissimilar. After
•some contention the copy of rules was
' finally admitted as evidence.
LANE FOIl CONTESTANTS.
| Franklin K. Lane made the opening
'arg-ument tor the contestants. He
'•epoke in part as follows:
. Under your own ru'.isgg these places should
f b* niled fcy civil «*.-i vice appo:3tee». The
t reccrda do not show thai at the time certai.i
' positions were abolished and others created
> the J-: • - oi the new officers were defined.
¦ Mow what rieht hu the Board of Health to
| create ccrtaJu uositioas z.r.1 certify men to
.' the ai temporarily without stating their duties.
SNo office wh'ch tLe Health Board attempted
''to create at Its raeetinff on January 8 has
; ant, been « reaiod, &a the fesolution failed io
I detlne tfl* duties of the officials and simply
)S«anc them titles. Under your own construc
»•--">¦•' of rule 2t> you are compelled to reinstate
l"tiie civil fctrvice :r.en. Acy lair-njlnded man
• can see that tiie duties of David Wolf, the
•, deposed secretary, and those cf McQualde, the
1 «xeJ slant warden, are identical, with the ex
cep:ion that the board has given the latter
¦ ll.e authority to eutpenu certain employes,
• which authority it baa no povivr to delegate t.>
¦ cny one. L*>u.l£ l«evy'« title, likewise, is only
a sublerfue*. as his duties are simply thosa
of secretary.
¦ Judge Slack followed, stating that
the changes were not made in the in
terests of retrenchment and economy,
as claimed, but merely for political
perposes and as a. sham and a pre
tense. In support of this he called
attention to the testimony of Dr.
Green, who had sworn that when in
formed of his removal from office Dr.
,"Ward had stated frankly that Green's
¦ services were always satisfactory, but
the change was a result of "a turn in
the political wheel."'
Judge Flack then quoted a decision
of the New York Supreme Court in a
Fimilar case, where reinstatement was
ordered. Continuing:, he said:
ENTITLED TO FAIR TRIAIi.
Says That if Any Action Has
Been Taken' Illegally It
Will Promptly Be Kesciuded
EUEF MAKES DEFENSE
Says Its Action in Changing
the Names of Positions Was
Merely a Shain and Pretense
SLACK ROASTS
HEALTH BOARD
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 24. 1904.
48
HALE'S. I HALE'S. | HALE'S. | HALE'S. \ HALE'S. | **
V/.--.- / / r/ .c f rhallics ' -. ¦ v ' • " - Spoon " Holders, silver plated,
acll aress cnaiuc*. The Charge of the House Brigade; Another Victory for Good Goods. satin finish, $1.25 now. ,_¦
Xew things arc coming in . ¦ Teapots, silver plated, satm en-
C - f .,,-,... pvprv dav You ¦ - ~* -^ ¦ _ — — A ¦ . graved. $3- 2 5 now.
last now every cia). 1011 _ -^ -fl J 7 - A_ .¦-¦..... J_% ¥^ JL Knives, forks and spoons, 25c
wouldn t think it was January —4 tf*^ Clfi^V^ 1 U/%/ d t*£± T^\ T r^ /Ik Hl^AliT each now. ' - '
as you see all these spring buds l^ilClI I IC ICVl VV dl C' ¦ LU - LUC 1 ;1 Ul 1 L u£°%c
opening out and catch whifis cacn n o W> .'
o'f the spring air that is wafted With VflliiPC tn Aftfiir'f Irtci"arit A tt^rBtirfcri ' The Hale silverware store is
through the store. Go over to V V I LU VCllUCj LU rVLLrclCL lll&LcillL rVLLCllLlUll enjoying more and more of
the new cotton section : see the - __„ „ . , " ..''," . , , .. the people's confidence. As
pretty things we have just un- ' Othpr Snprinl Thin<r* Twue as g° od as the ordinary kind; some of it half as expensive. Plenty of everything folks come to find out. what s
f.->l/-l#»M . vm/ r/itf thivtb nf nere ana wnat we ass iui it,
loiciea. . Downstairs ? ininrz oj. • nnt«;nokpn in their
* i^ed' Sateens, Cotton bullies* You wil1 a , 1! a^ ree ' lt } s to b T c ' More factory advantages January brings at Hale's— such advantages, we think, as no house- praise and pride. It's to keep
Cotton Bourettes. a great week downstairs. It - " ¦ •" ° it at the top notch that we do
Shelf after shelf of beautiful will pay every housekeeper to keeper who hears of them will want to miss. Its an extra shipment we just got — not an old piece, this prun i n g now and then.
ford« Swisses." amaS S< ° X ~ be in atte . n dance. not*a hurt or inferior one among them all. None we are not willing to rest our good-goods reputa- IT7~Z «. T
These "little "knotty cloths will S^ S for 2 % V S ° aP ' tinn 2 W, ,U V > GIad R lbb0 " NeWS
b^iTf^-r P H ter n S ' tOa FoldSg7ron 3 ing Boards, 98c. tion on. We do. . A something new,
nf them n "w that a arc ndt Mop Sticks, 7c; worth ioc and we are as careful*^vith our bargains as -we are with our regular goods. When you get something welcome, from
lightened up by some brigin Br^ad Board oc an art^ c^ e home you sometimes forget what you paid for it. You never forget where you got it. Hale's ribbon section.
ly'or^o.Ti'^Champag^ GaY'lSSteJI' Everything we sell is sold to make'you think more of us. There are no 'kitchen things we could sell ™s d e u kbbon,. < tache,.
'£&%£$£ ,l h oZJS G^/VaSeolrds ',«• worth that W0IiM gH ' e y °" *' ti^ d n thes < Thqraie above the average-^f heavy steel S^S0SbS7S$
varied and interesting eollec- 5OC . 35 , an( | enameled twice. The sizes are larger than- common — run full. Compare, these 4-quart Berlin new ribbons have. Note the
They are early. Yes, but we ' sSf?? wllS'nf Powder. M sauce P ans with other 4-q«art ones. Others are smaller , lighter,^ cost 50c These, larger, heavier, cost 5&£§£ S|^
knew there would be lots of lb. packages. 31c. These 6-quart sauce pot§ are bigger, heavier and half the price of the smaller, lighter ones. Satin Taffetas oc. A No. 11; »¦
ML* 1 u Toilet Paper, 800 sheets to the "i . , , , , , \ , , , ,. inch, light colors, value l.-»c.
toiks who would want to see ro ii, 5C . Same with the 35c colanders at 21c and 60c, dishpans at 45c, and on down the list. Black Taffetas, all silk; a firm
them. Adjustable Sham-holders. a?c. • , - * . quality, very unusual at this
Wooden Frame Clothes Wring- i\r IV T U J ' C** t ¥ 1"^ • l^fc J? P ricc ' I2^ c yard ' 3» % inches.
Valenciennes Laces cMM, W§M W¥BMWM WMMMM L0W PrlCeS Before
The spring importation is sA-?<i Ze G as 65 H ea ter S 6«- worth Never such a variety, either.- No one will be disappointed. If vou are out of town, write. b ° W8 '
Insertions and hraHintrc r% 85c ' • r • Your order will get the same attention as if you were here yourself. men S nail nose
insertions ana Dcadings, dam- Dusters, ioo 12 in. feathers, 18c. . & J J 1 o ., .
tier styles than ever Wire Baskets, to^fry fish, dough- ,_ n \ ' \ t , rt ... - ._ - n . . . - <o U 1-tf COtton Olies at 4C.
Hundreds of fine hey patterns, nuts, etc., 45c; worth 6 5 c. 35c Colanders 21c 60c Dishpans 45c 30c Lipped Saucepans 18c 2cc xvool ones at ioc.
t^^^^thrL^tir 11^ UP AlSO tinware as^VsTdtni^ne^^lS W0£M^^ bMt aln?o° S U t bl h C al^ci' *®* h Ft£* | T« of. the best values we
2 I h d e ozL ri^ ai ia e ce e Sn g , a nd .n.er- 1O feSSr^""- *"*" %£ h . alf M «P cnsiv^ rc S uIar 1Q - inch 2 5 c Dippers at ioc, 2-qt. size. Js«t) They hold 4 Quarts. . have had in a long, long while.
o .ticn S . .^ J to % in. nss lOc-LiJped Saucepans, regular S1ZC - on ;>:„ J , « c Wash Basins at -xsc medium 90c-Berhn Saucepans, with 4c_Grays, browns and blue
a»c doze,, yards edgings and insertion!. price 20c. 6-quart. . 29c— Milk Buckets, 2-quart, .^ wasn casins ai i o c, mcQiura cover, seamless bottom. 10 qt. mixed yarns; good heavy
soc 4 doVn "!ard s one. delicate lace and 1^ *£&%; & H\ «r „„ with handle, . double coated. * '"*. Qc Basting Spoons, io, 12, 14 and quality, strong elastic rib-
in T tion S . » 4 tpiinch. Z^vf? S 35c_Coffee Pots, i^-quart 15c Milk Pans at QC 1 quart. 16 inch ones, all at one price. bed top. Nothing better for
en boW'ace? > "ind Of inS?rtion* ln »i Sc— 6-cu'p Muffin Pans, 8x13 in. size, double coated. . 60c— Rice Boileft, 1% qt. size. iSc Wall Soap Dishes, with actual service than an every-
«p to 1 inch. ' ' Regular price 15c. * 2Oc — Pudding Pans, 3-qt. size. Qc — Pie Plates, 9 inches. i drainer. day sock. Cheap at 8 l-3c.
45 l o^nr 8laceit ° dlBMrtIOMUp % f ° r nch le on P e S ateS ' 9 " lnCh - 6c f ° F cHr SaiirPnnt« 7«?r Ssc-^-LargeSoup Ppts, ; i6-quart. 49c Stove Pans, usual size, 9^x 10c for a 5 c wool sox, shaker
Very fine patterns of French 3c for Tln Pot Covers, all sizes. OVJL> *J«U^cputs avk, 69c Tea Kettles, No. o size, v 14 inches. kind, same as mother used to
Valenciennes laces insertions in 7 to *}} 1-4. Not one of them Big deep 6-quart ones with two . '^ " _^ -. ~ * make, in blue with white too.
SS^5^lff?iS"^S worth less than ioc. side handles, and cover Doubly j 200 BerHll SaUCCDaHS at 3 1 C to« extra long, ribbed legs.
65c, 70c, 75c, Sr.io, $1.20, $140 15c Tin Cdlanders 9c. coated; twice as good as the ordinary m. **\j\j t^v^iini «^o. UW^|7 C1.11O <X\. Ult They are just the tox for
S1.75 dozen yards. ' ' i . Rtpiiar «i«. - kind and half the price of the best Regular pricc 50c. They have a cover, ; seamless- bottom, side han- warmth and service.
'¦ * * kind. dies, 4-quart; the best double-coated- enameled ware at almost half-price.
Soiled Sheet Music 1TJ | f~"jj £* | "^ ¥ I i? ilM rT 4-4-* A- 25c Laundry Bags,
K^g^K^^ut^ul^-J r€ClTlflrfCfl.OlG <^» W • CC lyji. r CX LlCO SL LS Of art denim and tapestry, fnll
otherwise get under 2=;c marked • • . . sJze> usaa n y so i d at 33c . We got
now ioc. Lots of toiks are pleased The latest, prettiest styles in mercerized sateens — three complete lines of samples. Imagine the variety — far greater choos- a special lot in a special way—
io get incra. ing t han we could get at full prices, while here . thl * special price ioc
-„ , e . nr«Ki^ i'^ AMe Prices Average About Half r^^r- More Those Aprons
lowels: I able Linens & 4 & 4 ,.- E^^2j to sen at half-price..
Mr* I nf Tin " V5C, ibl-^5, $1.95 -Women's at 25c.
1>IO Let Up ¦ . , u k ,,• u-u < mmm* —Children's at 29c
V . . . „ , ,, , , * . ... Some of those OiC ones we have been selling as high as Sl.o.i- I^~"-T?'-*C2\ tu «. • j i <. *• t. j
Its choosing from full HCIV good stocks, paying mill prices. The $1.25 ones run up to $2.50. Most of them have velveteen bind- S^&^^^S y W m a y Iast time We had
Whir liniK P k-pf>nnr rrctTiiranr man nr finrpi Wernpr in S ; aI1 of them are cxtra ful1 and beautifully finished, as only S. H. i) them. Now after weeks of waiting twice
\Vhat t housekeeper, restaurant man or hotgl-keeper & M pctticoats are famcd for . as many are here as we had before We
wouldn't jump at such a chance? Many of them tyd come It - S as spicy an offering of the kind as we have had. It will be N »*"/§$$ % 3 x, nnp n^ nn - w :n h* H,'« a nnn,'nt*H if ££
last week. We don't believe we ever waited on so many most interesting for those who get first-choice. U MW % 't d t dlsa PP 0:nted - If > ou
folks in the same time in this section, as we did last week — > -^ Mfe g Apfons^made of good gin«ham; blae
Those who expected to come then may come now and get FlrmKlia H^ACC f\f\f\rlc #*:I ::: fe and brown checks; cut long and wide enough
practically the same advantages. . L/UUUIC L/l Wdd V-lvll/US JfiyRl'M''''' ; . :: to button in the back, covering the entire dress;
_^ . . ..... ...... AO n . . -. ... ' jn ¦ M"'Mi§ :::: lU -small straps over the shoulders. Regular price
72-inch Wide Table Linens 48c Pure Linen Tabling 40c I^^a*,a^^ #: : #|::::i: soc These at 25c
65c is the regular price. See . \ hf t s unusual. We never . mtereSL M rW : W'$ ¦-¦< The Children's are heavy blue checksd gingham,
what you save, sec what you get; ) l before under 50c. Even then K plaited front and back; finished with 2-inch
full 2 yards wide, heavy, sturdy ».* was a leader, but we are beat- New Stuffs coming in; Fancy silks for shirt mS££$^:W£SfMi&r hem and pockets; sizes 1 to 6. Just the thins:
cloth, choice patterns. Other ing our best records this month; - f # _•_?_.».__ . * mm^^^^^^^rii+ , - to let the children play in in the morning. 20c.
cloths in bleached linens. 58 inches wide, unbleached. bargains going OUt — both waists, 75c.
Ef&gg&g jiililiSIll movill s f ri a t r f than they - Pilili^S Snon^es Chamois Skins
45c for COc quality; 62 In. 45c for 55c quallty : 64 in ever moved before. 87 inche« wld*. X-F IJ' \J I 1 \* \3 j ICli 1 RXj IO XjUVlliO
i^ll^i |§!i||fe| ' 0^^ llB^ffll Important Sale
1171 ' • a r*i I • « T» ¦' ' t ¦ ' usually Bold for. .
White Turkish TOWelS' ¦ colors, 75c. r $1.75 French- Zibelin^s at All kinds sponges.
ioc ones at 8c. 75c ones at^oc. Neiv mohairs, black, white $1.25. - All sizes of chamois skins; all under regular prices. We never
I2*c ones at ioc: $1.00 ones at 7$c. ' and colors, 50c to $2.00. rIC N h a 7re% n s d y ?^ e blue8> M % he " wlde: had so many— never had them so cheap.
35c ones at 25c. $1.25 ones at $1.00. ' It>s a special purchase. But you don't care about that. They
SOC ones at He S1.50 ones at $1.25. MT M$ ' '"V are here ' They are as new and perfect as they can be. We'll
Damask towels i2^c 20c 22]Ac 2«ic 1 c* knotted f ' /i&f 0&^<g&> at t " esc P rices ' that s what you want to know.
colored borders. ' ' ' c, no e rtnges, JS53w /M/ ' /jjjpapfr *^<^^^gv Sponges 4c. ioc, 15c, and great big ones at 23c; large bath sponges
Linen huck towels, 8 i-3c uc, I2^c, 14c, 16c; all under the fMff/ f/W /^XSlSbf <8$fc^ <&§§&?&* . at 25c, 28c, 35^ and then on up to those large Mediterranean
market price; some of them show a spot or a loose thread. What ff&Wf /Jis&f '' j° =a *—^' 4a -" r^ -y^ ¦^'¦a*^ • sponges at $1.15.
does that amount to when you see the money you arc saving? fM$f ¦"^^™ — " -1 "^^^ 1^^^^ Chamois skins, extra large, extra good, 5c (6^x8)4 inches). See
Cotton huck towels, 6c," 8c, 9c, ioc; colored borders. ufjJSar ffiTftfofffi^ ffsftorff\flt& 4^^ how b ' s * Then at 8c> I2C ' 20c ' and at 25c they are Iarse cnou sh
™ * or . vcsts or chest protectors. Others at 30c and 40c as fine and
_1 ;, , go f t as siik. They all wash well — that's the test.