TEE WEATHEB.
Torecart made at San rran
el«co for thirty hour* ending 1
midnight, January 38:
Saa rr&aciaco and vicinity —
Fair Thursday with tog In the
mornlnr; Ilrnt eait wind*.
A. O. MeAOZE,
District Forecaster.
TMfF THEATESS.
Alcazar — "The Masqueraders."
California— "The Eternal City. 1 *
Central — "Quo Vadls."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "A Chines* XCoaey
xsoon."
riicher'i — "The Beauty ShoD."
Grand — "David Harum."
Orpheuxn — Vaudeville. Matiaea
To-Day.
TiTcli — "Wien Johnny Comet
Marching 1 Home."
VOLUME XCV— NO. 59.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, ] 1904.
PROMINENT RAILROAD OFFICIALS WHOSE ENERGIES ARE BE
ING TAXED TO THWART DYNAMITER WHO THREATENS TO
DESTROY TRAINS AND TRACKS UNLESS GIVEN 510,000.',
Continued ; on Page' 2,*j Column 1.
Continued on Page 3, Column 4.
Continued on Page 2, Column 1.
Bodies Recovered at Victor.
VICTOR; Colo., Jan. 27. — The bodies
of the fourteen miners who fell with
the cage 1500 feet down* the shaft of
the Stratton Independence mine yes
terday have .been recovered and are
lying on two rows of benches In a car
penter shop near the shafthouse. Only
one of the victims, Edward Twigss,
was recognizable. -
REPUBLICS POSTPONE
PAXA3IA- 'RECOGNITION*
Ecuador's Minister to Rio Janiero
Carries on a Pro-Colombia ,
Propaganda.
GUAYAQUIL., Ecuador, Jan. 27.— A
cablegram has been received. from the
Minister of Ecuador "at Rio de Janeiro
that, owing to his diplo
matic influence.- Brazil. Chile and Ar
gentina 1 have postponed their recog
nition of the republic of Panama,
3IURDERERS OF MRS.
' YOUNGBLOOD MUST DIE
Petcrs and Anderson, Who Killed
Woman They Robbed. Arc Sen
• tenced to Death.
DENVER, Jan. 27.— Charles O. Peters
and *Newton Anderson were to-night
found guilty of murder in the first de
gree by a Jury which fixed their pun
ishment at hanging. The crime for
which they are convicted Is the killing
of Mrs. Amanda Youngblood while
they, with a companion, Fred Arnold,
were attempting to rob the little gro
cery store of Thomas Youngblood, the
husband of their victim. Arnold, who
is alleged to have been the leader and
the one who planned the affair and
fired the fatal shot, is to be tried sepa-
STEEL FOUNDRIES STOCK
BARRED ON" THE EXCHANGE
Company Headed by Brother of
Charles M. Schwab Stricken .
From the List.
NEW YORK. Jan. 27.— The board
of governors of the New York Stock
Exchange to-night decided, upon the
recommendation of the stocklist com
mittee, to strike from the list of stocks
dealt in upon the exchange the com
mon and preferred _ stocks . of tha
American Steel Foundries Company.
President Thomas declined to give any
reasons for the action.
Joseph ; E. . Schwab, brother of
Charles M. Schwab, is president of the
company. : Among the directors are
S. R. Callaway. E. B. Thomas, Lewis
X. Nixon, Max Pam,-W. C. Brown and
Charles M. Schwab. The company
has outstanding $15,000,000 par of
common stock and $15,500,000 of pre
ferred. ,
A threat to wreck every train
running through the San Joaquin
Valley unless $10,000 is paid by a
certain date has been made to the
officials of the Southern Pacific
Railroad in three anonymous let
ters mailed in Fresno. Great ex
citement has been aroused in rail
way circles, and the whole track
of the Southern Pacific from San
Francisco to Los Angeles is being
closely guarded by agents of the
Southern Pacific and Pinkerton
detectives. Thirteen detectives
have been in Fresno for the last
week,- and every mailbox there
has been" guarded by them and
local officers^ in the hope of ap
prehending the letter writer, and
a number of suspicious characters
in Fresno with unsavory records
have been kept closely under sur
veillance.' :;%'.•
The wreck of the Owl train at
Volta, seventy miles northwest of,
Fresno, on the night of January;
13 roused r the railway , people} to;
action. The first of the anony-
mous letters was received several
days before that> date, and at first
no attention was, paid to it, but the
circumstances of ; the Owl wreck
seemed to indicate that thewriters
of the letter had perhaps taken
this means of -.warning; the rail
road ihat : they J' meant ' business.
The di saster : at -Volta > was clearly
the. work;of:>yrecke'rs; who ;had
dragged^ . telephone .pole several
hundred ; yards?'and< laid- it- across
the track/- The night 'was^foggy
and the pole was^not seen, the'en
gine crashing -into ; it 'full-'; force.
The : wreck" was ; the worstfrom the
point of view .of- property-, 'lost that
has eyerbefallen;the Owl. ; •
VQLTA WRECK. WARNING.
.It was only » a-j fewJ days | after
the Volta - '¦¦¦wreck • that fa ; second
communication was received from'
Fresno. If, was "addressed,- like' the
first,;, to "The ••; Manager*, of -I the
Southern-' Pacific \ Railroad/'; with
no other direction^ and 'was turned
over to Fresno^ official of the
road/ who \ in ..turn % forwarded it to
Says Bag of Gold Must Be Thrown
Where Red Light Shines.
Every possible precaution has been
taken by General Manager Krutt
schnitt and Manager Agler at this end
of the company's system to maintain
secrecy in the matter, they fearing
that the slightest publicity would not
only be a warning to the blackmailers,
but would seriously interfere with pas
senger traffic between this city and
Los Angeles. It was overzealousness
on the part of the chief officer of the
company, however, that caused the
story to leak out and its confirmation
was readily obtained from reliable
sources, notwithstanding General Man
ager Kruttschnitt's refusal to enter
into a discussion of the affair.
Several days ago, when the officials
of the company began to realize that
life and property on their California
lines were being jeopardized, they sud
denly called in all the detectives along
the various divisions and put them to
work on tluTcase. Then Superintend
ent Burkhalter hurried north from
Fresno and had a conference with Gen
eral Manager Kruttschnitt and Man
ager Agler, and their decision was that
the detective force should be increased.
About that, time Detective.MacFar
lane, superintendent of the Western
agencies of the Pinkertons, was re
ported to be on his way to this city
on a tour of the coast offices, and he
was promptly advised to come direct
to San Francisco. MacFarlane is re
garded as one of the shrewdest men In
his business In the United States, and
as a representative of the Pinkertons,
with whom be has been employed for
many years, he has gained consider
able experience with all classes of men
suspected of being in plots to force the
bigr railroad companies to give up gold,
under penalty of suffering great losses
by the blowing up of their trains.
MOBILIZES DETECTIVES.
MacFarlane, it . is said v selected a
large .number of the most~c6uraEreous
men from the different coast agencies
of the Pinkertons and had them hur-!
ried down the coast to points where
their services could be quickly utilized
in the event of a clew being obtained
of the men wanted. A number were
' A' telegram received' late last night
from Fresno stated that General Man
ager Burckhalter of the San Joaquin
division had been telegraphed by Gen
eral'Manager Kruttschnitt to take full
charge of the investigation at that end
of the line. This order was the result
of reports received here to the effect
that the different bands of detectives,
employed in the hunt for the men sup
posed to be at the bottom of the plot
to blow up a ¦ Southern Pacific train,
were ' clashing on the question of au
thority.
' The same dispatch stated that the
railroad officials there believe they have
traced ' the direction from which the
threatening letters addressed to the
"general manager" of the Southern Pa
cific came and that they -have been
furnished other valuable evidence that
would 1 - result- in a- number of, arrests
were 1 * an 'attack made 1 on a* train dur
ing, the next; twenty-four hours.
-; The 'gathering of this evidence began
immediately after the Volta derailment
and" has been •'-' vigorously prosecuted
ever, since. - It is said that several men
poslng> as i tramps, but who are sup
posed to be' of a more daring criminal
nature, •, have • been "under surveillance
for a number of days,; and 'their actions
as ¦ reported by the "men/who are trail
ing -theni thoroughly; convince- the de
tectives . and . the railroad .'. officials at
Fresno that they Werein various ways
implicated In the Volta affair, and have
since, been" planning another attack on
the Valley trains. ;
'The~keenness/ of . the. sleuths now
workings quietly in and about Fresno
has been greatly' stimulated by the re
port emanating from the office of their
agency that the Southern Pacific Com
pany; is. ready, to pay ; a handsome re
ward for _the apprehension of the men.
"-.The. appearance of numerous armed
men^onHhe; road between ; Fresno and
Stockton. yesterday, and points south of
Fresno .is said' to; have "aroused ' much
excitement" among the people of that
Section. ', V '4; .'. . .
/ A dispatch from , Volta last evening
stated \ that the j railroad company has
had 'photographers at work along the
track taking^hotographs ; of the, scene
of? the" recent derailment with some
unknown purpose in view.
Clash Among De
• tecti yes Gathered
at Fresno.
Detectives in Rags
Mingle With
"Hoboes."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SOUTH BEND, Ind., Jan. 27.—Be
cause of the experiment of Dr. J. W.
Hill, one of the leading physicians and
surgeons of Indiana, to prevent Infants
born of negro parents from reverting
back to the old type of the negro race,
attention of the scientific world will be
fixed upon South Bend during the next
few months. All arrangements have
been completed for Dr. Hill's soluticn
of the color scheme of the human race.
An expectant mother has consented
to ret as patient and will enter the
hospital as soon as the rooms are fin
ished in the manner necessary for the
scientific event.
According to Dr. Hill, the negro's
skin is more sensitive than that of any
other human being and for that reason
more pigment is thrown out to protect
him under the climatic conditions in
which his forefathers were born, the
intense heat of the tropics making this
necessary. By preventing pigmenta
tion, the doctor believes, a -hild of
negro parents, which is generally born
whiU, turning darker under the sun's
rays, will become even whiter than the
Caucasian race. This follows the idea
of Dr. Feson, a Norwegian scientist,
who found that by putting a chameleon
under violet light rays the pigmenta
tion, or throwing oft* of color, was net
of such marked extent as under ordi
nary white rays. For this reason red
light ra; r s willbe employed in making
the experiment, for the reason that
they have a subduing effect and are not
rays that irritate and prevent pigmen
tation.
Experiment Under
taken by Indiana
Doctor.
6p*»-i«I Cablegram to The Call and New Tort
Herald. Copyright, 1SK4. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 37. -Jl very
extraordinary piece of news is given
me .and is of such a sensational char
acter that, unless I were assured over
and over again by a person in the very
best position to know that it is so. I
vould hesitate to prive it publicity.
. You "will remember how some time
£go I told you Russia was anxiously
watching Germany, with the view of
knowing what that country would do
In. case of war becoming extended, it
being well known that Russia's Teu
tonic neighbor had some very definitely
vorkfd out theories for expansion and
territorial aggrandizement when oth
ers are exhausted by fighting. It would
seem, according to my informant (a
man whose position would infer knowl
edge upon the subject) that an agree
ment had been entered into between
Germany and Denmark, whereby, in
the event of England being drawn into
a war v.itb Japan against Russia.
Germany should immediately ma..e a
friendly occupation of Copenhagen
with a powerful force, thus effectively
closk.g the Baltic and preventing Rus
eia going out or the English coming in.
GERMANY'S POSSIBLE GAIN*.
TV - arrangement Germany made
vrith Denmark is easily imagined upon
the basis of the Schleswig-Holstein and
also the Cumberland family arrange
ment.
TVhi!e every one who is at all behind
Kaiser Wilhelm's ambitions knows the
terrible avidity with which, in view of
German's meager sea line and harbor
accommodations, he views the possi
bility of the already Germanized Rus
sian harbors, Riga and Reval. being I
ceded by or demanded from exhausted ,
Russia in return for vitally useful pro
tection at a critical period. In the in
evitable partition of China, which must
take place in case of war, Germany as-
Eigns herself the Peking provinces. The
Germans have recently advised the
bui'.ding of another fort to better pro
tect Copenhagen, this to be done under
their supervision.
Concerning the foregoing agreement
and the probability of the same, atten
tion may be drawn to the recent for
mal visit of the Kaiser to Copenhagen
with Count von Bulow, the subsequent
official visit of the -Crown Prince to
Denmark, and the fact that the Kaiser
remained at Potsdam especially to
greet the King of Denmark, with
Count von Bulow again present. This,
yerhapB, may explain what diplomats ;
and politicians -w< 3 so curious about, j
ltLSHlXG TItOOPS TO EAST.
Two naval officers, speaking last
evening, Fai-J that 7000 men were being
drawn daily from the eastern provinces
and dispatched along the Siberian line
eastward, th;s being the utmost the
line can carry.
An artillery expert says the weak
ness of the Russian army is artillery,
the cannon being too heavy and not in
cluding enough quick-firing gunb. .'V>
A Sebastopol shipowner who was ap
plied to by the Government to take
heavy freight from. that point to Port
Arthur, told a frien.J that, in spite of
L eavy condit5r >"s on the freight,
tdded to a eubstanti-- demurrage for
every day it was held. in port, all was
IT^ v Ut Whcn heca »« to ask
•whether the Government would pay
cash down in the event of the vessel
b cfa^ eenemy - that
MOVEMENTS OF WARSHIPS.
The Admiralty insists that the move
tntnts of the Russian ships In the
Hopes to Be Well Repaid
for snutting Out Brit
'/¦ ish Ships.
MAY CHANGE
NEGRO BABE
INTO WHITE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POMONA. Jan. W.
Keown, who has been posing here aa
a wealthy owner of timber land in Brit
ish Columbia some sixty miles east
from Vancouver. Is wanted by the po
lice in Pomona. He I3 accused of big
amy in addition to deserting his brida
after swindling her out of $7000.
Keown is a tall man. dark coraplex
ioned. has black eyes and hair and is
about 43 years old. He and his bride,
who is a beautiful woman of 35 years,
came to Pomona from Lincoln. Neb.,
last October. Keown talked of the pros
pective sale of his timber lands for
$175,000. and had Dlans drawn for a
mansion among the orange groves and
roses of Pomona Valley. He leased the
ground floor of the Ruth block here
and fitted it up for a grocery. On De
cember 1 he started ostensibly for San
Francisco to buy a stock for his new
store. On December 8 he wrote from
San Francisco that he had heard there
had been a fire in his timber in British
Columbia and that he was going to
Vancouver to see about it. "When
Christmas came and nothing more was
heard from him. his wife became
alarmed for his safety, and inquiry
into his affairs showed that he had
never deposited the $7000 she gave him
to deposit in a Los Angeles hank. She
also found that he had been in com
munication with an unknown woman
at Santa Barbara and had posed as a
widower who was in love with her.
The woman, it seems, had but $4000.
that she said she -was going to give
Keown as her wedding present to him.
The local police were notified on Janu
ary 10, and they have since been se
cretly looking up clews to the where
abouts of the missing Keown. It 13
known that he met the strange woman
in Santa Barbara and they went to
San Jose together. From there the
police cannot trace them. Meanwhile
the police have ascertained that Keown
was known as Thomas Phelps in Law
rence, Kans., where he wedded a Miss
Stella Ferm in May, 1900, and after
securing $4200 which she had saved hs
a schoolteacher he disappeared. Pho
tographs sent from Pomona to Law
rence were Recognized as those of
Phelps.
Mrs. Keown has been left penniless
among strangers. When The Call re
porter called upon her at her home to
night she showed the effects of long
weeping and anguish.
"I was married simply for the $3000
that I had." said she. 'TVe met in
Lincoln last May, and he made violent
love to me from the first. "We were
married last June, and from that day
until Keown left for San Francisco he
schemed to get my every dollar. He
had my full confidence and I believed
he was a rich man temporarily embar
rassed. That he is a bigamist several
times over I have not. the least doubt."
Will Occupy Copen
hagen and Close
°tlie Baltic.
Pomona Officers Learn That the Fugi
tive Swindled and Deserted An
other Woman in Kansas.
Weds Young Lady lor Her
Money and After Getting
It Absconds.
Kaiser Plans to
Give Aid to
Russia,
George Keown Sud
denly Drops Out
• of Sight.
ROBS WIFE
AND MAKES
HIS ESCAPE
GERMANY
TO GAIN
BY WAR
DYNAMITER DEMANDS $10,000 FROM SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY,
THREATENING WRECKS, AND ARMED GUARDS ARE PLACED ON TRACK AND TRAIN
A BLACKMAILER, with the terror of dynamite as the force behind his threats, is trying to rob
the Southern Pacific Company of $10,000, and fear of death vto passengers and wreck of property
on the road between Stockton and Los Angeles holds the corporation officials in nervous dread.
Night and day lynx-eyed Pinkertons, railroad detectives and county sheriffs and their deputies are
keeping watch along the Jonesome stretches of track where the dynamiter, through letters mailed at
Fresno, says he will use the agent of destruction that is his ally unless he receives the money de
manded. • After the method used by Gravelle, the- notorious Montana wrecker, a red light is to flash
in the night as the train bearing the treasure goes by and the bag of gold is to be flung out beside
that light. The wreck a few days ago at Volta is now supposed to have been caused f by this myste
rious threatened ~ ;
The San Francisco Call.side trips to the City of Mexico, by
way of Eagle Pass, El Paso and Albu
querque.
For the coming Methodist conven
tion in Los Angeles the Transcon
tinental Association has agreed to ac
cept the proposition of the Central
Passenger Association's offer of a one
fare round-trip within the bounds of
its territory, which lies between Chi
cago and points like Buffalo, Cleveland
and Toledo. Eastward of those points
the trunk lines have fixed a rate for
the Methodist convention of one and
a half rate.
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O. Mc-
Cormick of the Southern Paciflc-€Jom
pany yesterday received a telegram
announcing that the Transcontinental
Association had- decided t;o hold its
next quarterly meeting in Santa Bar
bara during the first or second week
in April. At this meeting, at which
will be represented all the Western
roads, the final arrangements for the
St. Louis Exposition traffic will be
made, and other matters, suclr'as the
continuance of the colonist rates and
rates for future conventions, will be
discussed. Another telegram received
by Mr. McCormick yesterday stated
that the association, at its meeting in
the East, had decided to allow stop
overs on future colonist tickets at
Marlcopa and Yuma, and to grant ad
ditional time on thirty-day tickets for
Transcontinental Association Selects
Santa Barbara as Its Next Place"
for Transacting Business.
PASSENGER. MEN TO MEET
IN CALIFORNIA IN APRIL
A Guaranteed Cure' for Files.
Itching. t Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tqup druggist will refund money ¦ if - Pazo
Ointment falls to cure you in 6 to 14 dara. soa*
BERLIN. Jan. 27.— Chancellor von Bulow.
as the representative. : of Eroperoi 1 • William,
gave a dinner this evening to 100 Princes, dip
lomats and Cabinet members.
BEIXJRADE. Jan. 27.— Former Minister of
the Interior Todorovica, who was wounded In
the D&!ac«! durinc the assassination of King
Alexander and Queen Draea, has been ar
rested on the charge of jnleappropriatinff $30.-
OOO belonging to the, estate of a natural son of
Prince Mlchaelo Obrenovich.
3Iiss Radthorn, an American Girl, Ig
Victim i of a Collision In
; ; , ? France. S.;
NICE, Jan. 27.— Miss Radthorn, an
American, aged 35, who had been stay>
ing at Cannes, was killed in an automo
bile accident this .. afternoon. Three
other persons were injured. The party
was composed of Mri Mellor, an Ameri
can; the owner of the car; Mr. Allen, 1
also an American, Mrs. Ethallese and
Miss Radthorn. The 'machine was be
ing driven at a high rate of speed along
the road when it collided with a cart.
YOUNG WOMAN KILLED
BY AN AUTO ACCIDENT
SAN JOSE, Jan. 27.— B. " . Bohlman,
treasurer of the Federated Trades, re
portp-' late to-night th=.t he had been
robbed and shot by two highwaymen.
Bohlman's story is to the effect that
he was returning- home,, when" the
thugs stopped him at the corner of
Willow and Locust streets, end at the
point of a revolver robbed him of $235
and his gold watch. He says that they
then hurried off, overlooking a revolver,
that he.'.ad In his pocket. When they
had gone short distance he drew his
revolver and fired a shot at them. One
of the men. fired .back and the cullet
struck him in the left hip, Inflicting a
painful but not serious wound.
Treasurer of the Federated Trades at
San Jose Reports a Bold'Rob-
bery to the Police. •
SAYS THUGS SHOT HIM
AFTER TAKING HIS GOLD
Eipprters Arc Warned That by Ship
ping Foul Grain They Will Lose
Trade.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 27.— The
complaint of the Russian Consul Gen
eral at San Francisco in regard to the
foulness of Russian grain sent to Cali
fornia Is attracting the attention both
of the press and of exporters here and
a better inspection by tne^ local corn
exchange and a revision of its methods
are demanded. The Novoe Vremya
warns the exporters that they will ruin
their business with the United States,
as' did Odessa, unless they alter .their
present ways. The exporters blame the
foul holds and vermin of the ships.
AMERICAN COMPLAINTS
. ALARM THE RUSSIANS
BEBUK. Jan. 27. — Em;*ror William has
•Planted Cardinal Fls-i.'r of Cologne a. life
m»mfifr of the Prussian House of Lords.
Emil Wanzer. 5 years old. was hit
in* the head with a large rock while
pl« -ing near Bernal Heights last
n s <ht and now li*»s at the home of Dr.
Griffin, 24 Shotwell street, with a frac
tured skull. Frank Sawyer, John Cun
ningham and Eugene Sullivan were
arrested later and charged with hav
ing 6 hit the child with stones. They
say they know nothing of the affair.
Boy's Sknll Fractured*
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 27. — Supreme
Chief Ranger J. F. Kelly of New Jer
sey, head of the Order of Foresters of
America, was the guest of honor of
the local Foresters to-day. He arrived
this morning in company) with H. A.
Gabriel of San Jose, grand chief
ranger of the State; I. J. Cordy of San
Francisco, grand secretary, and J.
Label, editor of the American Forest
ers' Review of San' Francisco, j The su
preme chief ranger was driven about
the city this afternoon and shown all
points of interest. To-night a parade
and open meeting at the Assembly
chamber of the State Capitol were,
held in his honor. < ri;
Among the speakers were Mayor W.
J. Hassett and Superior Judge J. W.
Hughes and Mr. Kelly responded in a
happy vein. »The open meeting was
followed by the initiation of 250 new
members into the Order of the For
esters of America, event having
been arranged in honor of the guest.
The -evening's entertainment closed
with a. banquet at Odd Fellows' Tem
ple, at which numerous addresses were
made explanatory of the growth of the
order and testifying to the pleasure of
the local Foresters in welcoming their
supreme leader. . . —
Open Meeting Is Held at State Capital
and Two Hundred and Fifty" Mem
bers am Initiated.
SACRAMENTO FORESTERS
ENTERTAIN SUPREME CHIEF
SACRAMENTO,. Jan. 27.— An of
ficial visit was paid to the Ladies of
the Grand Army of the "Republic to
night by the national president, Mrs.
Belinda S. Bailey of San Francisco.
Mrs. Bailey addressed a large gather
ing at the Grand Army headquarters,
stating she had Just returned from
Oregon and Washington, where she
found the patriotic spirit unbounded,
daily sessions of the organization be
ing held, to which the people brought
their lunches through rain and snow
and remained all day. Mrs. Bailey ex
plained that her present mission is to
promote the work of establishing
homes for war veterans and their aged
wives. Four of these homes have been
established in the United States and
one is projected for California.
Mrs. Bailey will be present to-mor
row afternoon at the formal dedica
tion of trees from Eastern battlefields
to be added to the memorial grove at
Capitol Park. The trees were sent to
the Ladies of th'e Grand Army .of the
Republic by Mrs. James A. Garfleld.
National President of Their Organiza
tion Addresses Large and Enthu- i
siastic Meeting at Sacramento.
LADIES OF THE GRAND ARMY
RECEIVE AN OFFICIAL VISIT
BERLIN, Jan. 27.— A great crowd
gathered in front of the palace early to
day, both to salute Emperor William
on his birthday and get good places
from which to see the members of the
royal family and court and other offi
cials offer their congratulations to the
Emperor. The latter, surrounded by
generals, appeared before a window
overlooking the square and acknowl
edged the acclamations. From that
time on carriages defiled into * the
castle courtyard containing those of
rank sufficient to permit them to offer
their good wishes, beginning with the
members of the royal family and their
suites, 'the Cabinet Ministers, heads of
the army and navy, visiting Kings and
Princes and the Embassadors, among
them United States Embassador Tow
er. The Emperor received the callers
in the Pillar Hall until midday.
King Oscars of Sweden and Norway
has appointed Emperor William first
chevaliep-of the new Order of the Lion
of Norway r in. commemoration of the
Emperor's birthday and in recognition
of German generosity to the sufferers
by the fire Which destroyed the town of
Aalesund on Saturday night.
Subsequently the Emperor attended a
service in the castle chapel and later
held a reception in the White Hall,
where he received the felicitations of
the officials and general public.
His 3Iajesty of Sweden Makes
Germany's Sovereign Member
of Order of Lion of Norway
HOXOBS FROM KING OSCAR
Notables Visit Palacs to Of
fer Their Respects on Occasion
of the Emperor's Birthday
GREAT CROWDS
GREET KAISER
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 27.— By the
terms of the will of the late Captain
Napoleon Fitztubbs, a retired captain
of the British army, which was pro
bated to-day, Miss Lucy Hanwell, a
trained nurse, comes into possession of
all of the estate left by the old soldier.
The deceased died a short time ago at
Santa Monica, and despite the fact that
he had relatives in this section of the
St^te he was left without their atten
tion in his last illness, and Mies Han
well cared for him. Her work was pure
ly charitable, for she expected no finan
cial return. It developed to-day that
Captain Fitztubbs. knowing that he
must die. called in an attorney while
his nurse was absent and dictated a
wjll. in which he left to the nurse all
tlyit he possessed. In the will he stated
j why he had taken this action. The es
tate amounts to more than $1000 In
rash and other property in England.
His heirs at law began a contest of the
wi!l and presented a prior will, but they
withdrew the contest after the other
side had presented its case.
Will of the Lato Captain Napoleon
Fitztubbs Is Admitted to Pro
bate at Los Angeles.
LEAVES HIS ESTATE
TO A TRAINED NURSE
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 27.—
Prince Tarkhanov, the scientist, lec
turing before the Military Association,
made some interesting statements in
regard to the possibilities of radium.
He presented two cancer patients
who had been cured of malignant
growths on the face by the use of ra-"
dium, and expressed the opinion that
the problem of determining the sex
of children, which Professor Schenck
had claimed to have solved, will short
ly be settled by the aid of radium.
When large Quantities of radium
were available, the Prince contended,
the whole system of modern warfare
would be revolutionized, as powder
magazines, whether in forts or in the
holds of vessels, would be at the
mercy of radium rays, which could ex
plode them at long distances.
Russian Scientist Says New Substance
May Be Used to Determine Sex
of Children.
RADIUM'S WONDERFUL ¦ ' .
POWERS DESCRIBED
A letter suggesting the cremation
was found among her papers to-day
and this led to t'he discovery of the
ashes. • •,
Mrs. Haupstuck was on the way
from her home in Oakland to Ger
many with her husband's remains.
This much was known when she was
taken from a Union Pacific train on
the night of January 15 in delirium
from Injuries sustained by a fall on
the Oakland dock. When she died a
few ) days later her baggage was
brought* back from Jersey City, but
the" husband's remains could not be
found.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 27. — After a
telegraphic search in towns across the
continent along the lines of the Union
Pacific, the Milwaukee and the Penn
sylvania railroads, the officials to-day
found the lost body of Mrs. Otile
Haupstuck's husband in the bottom .of
one of her trunks. The officials had
believed that the body was shipped
the usual way in a pine box. They
found instead it -had been cremated.
What thejl supposed was a package of
metal polish was the man's ashes.
Discovery Ends Railroad Officials'
Long Search for a Supposedly
Missing Body.
HUSBAND'S ASHES FOUND
IN DEAD WOMAN'S TRUNK
"The detectives engaged in watching
for. the /men who were threatening to
blow up a train were the first to fur
nish Information regarding the express
car robber. They could have arrested
him themselves, but dared not do so,
knowing that such a move would ex
pose their identity and possibly spoil
the plans for unearthing the m5h want
ed in the other and more important job.
"Torday the company has "its line
well patrolled and its anxiety over the
wrecking of any of its trains has di
minished rapidly, It is evident that
the men involved in the job have seen
the danger ahead and have abandoned
their plans for at least a time. This
conjecture is strengthened by the fact
that they did not carry out their
threat to blow up a train to-day."
B. A. Worthington, assistant to the
general manager of the Southern Pa
cific and former superintendent of the
coast division, with which he. Is very
familiar, departed rather suddenly
from this city yesterday. It, was given
out at the general offices that he had
gone on an inspecting tour of ' the Og
den division, but later in the day it
was learned that he has been intrusted
with certain details of the- plans /for
the capture of the men supposed to be
Involved in the wrecking* plot and is
out on the road directing certain move
ments' that Xare. expected to mislead
the criminals/
WORTHINGTON DEPARTS.
The unusual, activity- of. the
sleuths, followed by the remarked
excitement in the general offices of
the Southern Pacific Company during
Uie last week, resulted in the' facts of
the attempted blackmailing plot finally
gaining publicity.
It was stated on authority of one
of the highest officials of the railroad
company last evening that the detec
tives working on the case in the south
have, during the last ten days, inves r
tigated the character of every man of
a criminal nature who 'has arrived in
Fresno and the neighboring towns, and
not a few of them are regarded in the
light of men who would readily enter
into any daring plot. In fact; it is said
that Southern California has . never
been infested with a greater number of
dangerous men than at the present pe
riod. They have been driven West
with the tramps and hoboes by the ex
tremely cold weather and have been
traveling with the latter in order to
attract the least attention from the au
thorities.
"Pinkerton men," said the railroad
official, "have under the guise of tramps
mingled with these gangs and have
been able to closely watch those who
might engage in the blowing up of a
train. Of course! the detectives have
had their stool pigeons in the same
crowd, and it was this fact that led to
the pjJbmpt arrest of the man who
robbed the express car of- the limited
train just this side of San Bernardino
last week.
also put aboard the trains to. if pos
sible, detect any Eastern robbers en
route to ' the possible scene of the
threatened train wrecking. For
months the Pinkerton forces have
been working on a similar case for
the Great Northern and during that
time they have held up a number of
men who-may have since journeyed
west to this State and undertaken the
present plot to mulct the Southern Pa
cific Company. The possibility of
some of these men being in this city
prompted thd local agency of the
Pinkertons 1 td "keep a blose watch on
the hotels, public resorts and the red
light district of the city.
' The detectives are maintaining the
strictest secrecy, although it was
learned from a good source last even-
Ing that half a dozen men, known by
their crimes to the Pinkertons, have
been under the surveillance of the
representatives of that agency in this
city since Monday a week ago.
EXCITEMENT IN OFFICES.
W. B. Griffiths, manager of the Cole
man ranch, in Berryessa Valley, read
of the case in The Call and noticed that
the description of the wife Involved
tallied with that of a woman whom he
had lately employed as cook on the
ranch.! Upon being confronted with the
story she admitted she was Mary A.
Small and that John Grant was work-
Ing In a near-by woodchoppers* camp.
Grant immediately disappeared, and it
is thought he started to "walk to Napa,
a distance of twenty-five miles. On
January 11 Mrs. Small departed on the
stage for Napa and arrived 'here at
noon of that day. From that time no
trace 'of her or her paramour 'can be
found.
NAPA, Jan. 27.-J. B. Small of Os
wego, Or., was In Napa to-day endeav
oring with the aid of the Sheriffs' of
fice to locate his wife, Mary A. Small,
who elopfd with John Grant on August
13 of last year. About a month ago
Small was in San Francisco on a simi
lar errand.
Woman Is Located on a Ranch in
Xapa County, but Disappears
Before Husband Arrives.
S3IALL STILL SEARCHING
FOR HIS RUNAWAY WTPE
TIME IS EXTENDED.
"Ten thousand dollars reward.
Cannot display white flags 14th
to 20th. You must suggest giv-
displaying a white flag on its day
trains.
In the boldest of terms the
writer proclaimed that if his de
.nands were not complied with he
would wreck every train running
between Stockton and Los An
gtles by the use of dynamite.
It was this second letter that
stirred the railway people to
action, and the conclusion was at
once reached that the Yolta
wreck was the work of the author
or authors of the threats. The
letters were turned over to the
co vipany's detectives, but the case
was deemed important enough to
warrant the employment of out
side help, and the sen-ices of the
Pinkerton Detective Agency were
obtained.
In order to draw the would-be
blackmailers out, if possible, n
peculiar advertisement was in
herted in the San Francisco dail
ies on January 16, reading as fol
lows:
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
headquarters. This letter was far
more explicit than the first. It out 1
lined a plan, by which the money
was-to be paid over to the writer.
This plan said that between Jan
nary 14 and jo a light engine
should be run through the valley,
carrying with it a sack containing
Sio,ooo in five, ten and twenty
dollar gold pieces. Somewhefe on
the- run a red light would be
shown, and at that point the sack
was to be thrown off. The rail
way company was to signify its
acquiescence, and the day on
which the train was to be run bv
the presence of suspicious char
acters.
Trains running in and out of
Fresno have had armed "men
aboard as guards and the train
men themselves, while not know
ing exactly what was up, have
been aware that either a hold-up
or an attempt to wreck was ex
pected. For the last ten days,
too, every train has come into
Fresno from* a half hour to an
hour and a half late and the sup
position is that they were running
slower than usual because pf fear
of the wreckers.
Last night the Pinkerton men
were reported to be out' with the
trains, for yesterday was the ddy
set for the time limit and a more
than usually close guard of the
track was kept.
None of dhe railroad people,
the Pinkertons or Sheriff Collins
will talk of the matter at Fresno,
though they admit its truth and
deplore the fact that it has leaked
out. From another source it is
learned that for a time suspicion
rested on VV. S. James, an ex
convict and train robber, who
was several weeks ago arrested on
suspicion of complicity in the
Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company hold-up last Septem
ber. He proved his innocence of
that charge, but he has been here
ever since and is not deemed by
the authorities above train
wrecking. Suspicion against
him, however, seerris so far to be
groundless.
A theory was advanced to-day
by an interested party thft the
letters were written in another
town and* 15roughtr> here to /be
mailed, and it would notjbe sur
prising if similar, letters were re
ceived from some other city..
ing indication in some other
way."
This advertisement was dis
played in the regular advertising
columns, and as cai\ be seen was
intelligible only to the writer cf
the letter. A few days after its
•publication a third communica
tion, also mailed in Fresno and
addressed just the same as the
first two, was received, which
stated that the time would be ex
tended to January 27, but that the
terms and signals suggested in
the previous communications
must be strictly adhered to.
Since then Fresno has swarmed
with Pirrkerton men, who have
been assisted in their work by the
Sheriff's deputies, the police de
partment and several private de
tectives. A watch has been kept
for another letter and detectives
have hung around the postoffice
night and day. The mail boxes
in the business section of the city
have been guarded just as closely,
and some in the residence section
have been watched. The men
have worked in relays night and
day. The Fresno postoffice clerks
and officials as well have been_cm
the lookout, but the letter writer
seems to have taken warning, for
no further communications have
been received.
ARMED GUARDS OX TRAIN'S.
The letters have caused much
more to be done, however, than
the employment of a corps of de
tectives. For ten days past the
track of the company from Stock
ton to Los Angeles has been pa
trolled bv Pinkerton men, who
have been stationed at intervals
of about three miles and who, it
is said, have a way of signaling to
each other in. ca^e they should
discover dvnamite on the track or
Disaster at Volta Is Deemed by Corporation Offi
cers to Be a Warning, as Letters Preced
ing It Were Unheeded. ,
BLACKMAILER DEMANDS GOLD FROM RAILROAD COMPANY ON PENALTY OF WRECKS
IDENTIFICATION '
OF SUSPECT IS
UNSATISFACTORY
The railroad officials dispatched the
train with the treasure and closely fol
lowing it. was another containing a
force of armed guards to pursue Gra
velle when he received . the_ money. On
the way to the spot where he was to
gain possession 1 of the $50,000 Gravelle
slipped and fell and at the same time
his red lantern went out.
The night was damp and windy and
Gravelle exhausted every match in his
At first the letters were riot noticed.
On the night of September 18 a section
of track in the Helena railroad yards
was blown up with dynamite. This was
followed closely by three other such
acts, and within a week explosions be
gan to occur almost every night, some
fully fifty miles apartand many hap
pening-simultaneously.*
Finally the officials of the company
communicated with the daring dyna
miter and agreed to deposit $50,000 at
a certain point along the line, to-be de
noted, as demanded, by a red lantern,
which Gravelle was to carry.* The
train; bearing the treasure was to be
distinguished. by two white flags on the
headlight. V -
MANY EXPLOSIONS OCCUR.
point along the road, to be denoted by
a red lantern, he would proceed to blow
up trains with dynamite.
The Consolidated Railroads of Con
necticut, fearing that the same tactics
are about to be employed on their
lines, have recently placed armfd
guards on every train leaving the
yards. These guards have orders to
take train wreckers, dead or alive.
Closely following was the engine bear
ing the guards, who were ordered to
capture the desperate man dead or
alive. When he saw that the railroad
company was not .going to live up to
its promise Gravelle wrote more threat
ening letters and dynamited more prop
erty and eluded his pursuers for sever
al days longer, but was finally captured
by three detectives on October 13 near
Priests Pass.
Gravelle was convicted in the United
States District Court of having sent
blackmailing letters through the mails
and sentenced to serve ten years in the
penitentiary. He is now awaiting trial
on the more serious charge of dyna
miting the property of the Great North
ern Railroad Company..
possession in a fruitless endeavor to re
light his lantern. As he gazed longing
ly in the direction of the railroad tracic
he beheld the treasure train rush wildly
along with the money which he had
schemed and risked his life to obtain.
RUN* DOWN BY DETECTIVES.
Grimes of Isaac Gravelle, Which Cost the Great
Northern Thousands, Furnish Inspiration
tat I c\ I it r\vir\ i o h^ lor \s vt~% a i lot*
lur v^diiiornia DiaCKmdiicr. n
Man Held for Stealing Box
From Train Puzzles
the Police. "
Officers Deny That Prisoner
Has Relatives in Santa
Barbara.
The. desperate -dynamiter for whom'
the Southern Pacific and Wells-Fargo
detectives are now on the lookout ha»
followed closely the plans that were
made and all but carried out by Isaac
Gravelle', who is awaiting trial in the
United States District Court of Mon
tana on a charge of dynamiting the
property of the/Great Northern Rail
way.
The story of Gravelle's exploits reads
like a chapter from the hair-raising
feats of the notorious Jesse James and
his followers. The desperate chances
taken by this man, single-handed, and
the way he terrorized all Montana for
a period of many weeks will live long
in the minds of the residents of that
State, and the railroad officials will not
rest easy till the man is safe behind
prison walls. - ; !\
Gravelle is an ex-convict. He was re*
leased from the penitentiary of Mon
tana last July after serving a term for
grand larceny. It was there that he
schemed to ¦¦ mulct the railroads by
means of the dynamite scare.
Gravelle's plan was to write threat
ening letters to the officials of the Great
Northern Railroad, informing them
that if $50,000 was not left at a certain
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 27.—De
tective White returned from Santa
Barbara this afternoon and says there
is no truth in the report that Walter
McGuire, the Wells-Fargo burglar sus
pect, is a relative of the prominent
McGuire family of Santa Barbara. Not
withstanding the statement of the de
tective, Mrs. Manderscheid of this city,
who went to school in Santa Barbara iu
1875, says she knew a Walter McGuire
there then who was a son of the then
Superior Judge of that county. So
strong is the resemblance between the
picture of the suspect ana the McGuire
boy she remembers that fhe remarked
that "this looks like McGuire" before
she had read the alleged identification.'
It is now known that on the day
of his arrest the suspect called at the
roundhouse and inquired for Master
Mechanic W. S. Templeton, now of Sau
salito, who was chiefly instrumental in
McGuire's identification. The two were
well acquainted. McGuire wrote a let
ter in the presence of Detective
Thacker yesterday, the substance of
which was instructions to keep the
children, presumably those of a sister,
from reading the newspapers, as ,he
always thought much of them and they
seemed to think a great deal of him.
DETECTIVES IN RAGS AMONG HOBOES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, • TANUARY 28. % 1904.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 27.— A special
to the Express from Beals, Cal.. says:
Six Indians and about $1200 in gold
were lost by the upsetting of a boat on
the Colorado River near the Indian
reservation a few days ago. The In
dians had been working in the placer
fields on the Arizona side and were on
their way to Needles to get provisions.
The boat was caught in a whirlpool
and before the men who were propel
ling it could get the craft under con
trol it was upset by the others, who
became panic-stricken. Four of the
men never came to the surface and the
other two sank while clinging to each
other. §
Six Indians Accidentally Drowned.
Ng See Poy. the Chinese doctor who
was shot by a highbinder in China
town on Tuesday night, passed away
at the Emergency Hospital at 1:45
o'clock this morning. The body was
removed to the Morgue. .
AVound Proves Fatal.
Former Fire Commissioner M. H.
Hecht sent a communication yester
day to the Board of Supervisors urg
ing the establishment- of an auxiliary
salt water system for the purpose of
extinguishing fires, watering the
streets and flushing the sewers. The
proposed system was strongly advo
cated by Hecht when he was a Fire
Commissioner, and he thinks it should
be carried out by the city.
Urges Salt Water System.
Adolph Sapoulide, the night barkeep
er, was standing at the end of the bar
with his back toward the street, when
he was called on to hold up his hands,
and, turning around, he found two ruf
fians with handkerchiefs tied over the
lower portion of their faces, leveling
six-shooters at him.
One of the thieves rushed to the
cash* register and, prying it open, took
out the contents, amounting to $43 85.
Then the two thugs dashed out of the
place, pulling off the handkerchiefs as
they went," and in their mad rush ran
Into a messenger boy, who happened to
be^standlng in front of the place, and
nearly knocked him down. That was
the last seen of the thugs, Sapoulide
states that he blew his whistle with
great vigor as soon as he could collect
his senses, and that the police were
soon on the spot, but the thugs had
vanished. In -a drawer under the reg
ister was $30 which the thieves over
looked.
One of the most daring holdups re
corded up to date took place yester
day morning at 2:30 a. m. at Chanquet
Bros.' saloon, 121 Sixth street.
Thugs Enter Saloon \ on Sixth Street
and Decamp With Cash in the
Register.
MASKED MEN HOLD UP BAR
KEEPER AND RIFLE TILJj
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
H osnTrt%
I • CELEBRATED *%# ,_
fes^ STOMACH_ 4»
. ?ITT€R§
To prevent Colds, Chills or Ma-
there is nothing so sure as
the Bitters. . It tones up the sys-
tem, stirs up the . sluggish blood
and positively cures Sick Head-
ache, Dizziness, Insomnia, Indi-
gestion, Dyspepsia and Constipa-
tion.* A fair trial will convince you.
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
is surely coming.
Don't wait for it.
If you are run
down and thin
and take cold
easily, try -
scorrs emulsion
It will strengthen
and fortify your
system and keep
you well.
DB. SHOOP'S BEMEDrES.
"GtUflylooMflicRr
Don't Send a Penny.
Don't send a penny-
fust wait till you »«c what I can d».
L«t me take the risk. L« a« pro»e up first what I>r".
bhoop s Kestoratnre can do. The Restorative will gain
voor friendship, vour endorsement, if you test it. And
for a whole month you can use it without the slighteit
• »fll tellyoa of a druggist near you who will furnish
; Dr. Shoop's Restorative
£? ~ A Month on Trial. *
I will absolutely stand all the cost if it fails. " If y««
say, "It did not help me." tint ends it as far as cost to
you u concerned. Do you understand me? I am teJW
mg it as plainly, as clearly as 1 can. I want you to
know absolutely and without doub* that this offer is
made on honor. 1 have the prescription that cares.
My only problem is to convince you that Dr Shoop's
Restorative will cure— is an uncommon remedy. A
common remedy c-»'kl not stand a test like this. It
would bankrupt the physician making the off er. And
I am succeeding everywhere and here is the secret of
.my success. I found invariably that where there was a
weakness, the inside nerve* were weak. Where there
wa» a lack of vitality, the vhal nerves lacked soww.
Where weak organs were found. 1 always found weak
nerves. Not the nsrves commonly' thought of but the
»itil organs' nerves. The inside— the invwibla nerves.
Thu .was a revebuon. Then my real success began.
Then I combined ingredients that would strengthen,
that would vitalize, these nerves. That prescription I
called a restorative. It is known the world over now
as Dr. Shoop's Restorative. Thousands are accepting
my offer and oa&r one in each forty writes ma that my
remedy failed. Just think of it. w out of 40 get well
and these sre difficult cases, too. And the fortieth has
nothing to pay. That is a record 1 »m proud, of. It
t» wrong to stay sick when a chance like thisls open.
If well, you should tell others who are sick, of ray offer!
Don't let a »kk friend say sick because he knows not
of my offer. Tell him. Get my book for him. Do
your duty.- You may be sick yourself, sometime. Sic *
people need beb- They appreciate sympathy and aid.
Tell me of some sick fnend. Let me care him. The*
he^ U1 -,? h ? w i. hu rratinideto both of us. Vour re-
ward will be his gratitude. Send for the book now.
Do not delay.
Simply state which g°° k 1 or» Dyspepsia,
boo* you want and *£ f £ «» H«
addresa Dr. Shoop. Book 4 for Womea
box S630. Racine. Book 5 for Men
Wi (sealed). X
" "• Book « on Rheumatism
Mild cases, not chronic. ar« often cared
wltn one or two bottles. At druggists'.
|fj Chocolates W
I W Bonbons Jl
if Given Away Free
Si With
I Teas, Coffees, Spices
I Baking Powder
I It Pays to
I Trade at
5 Great American Importing: Tea Co's
I Stores
1 861 Market 210 Gnat at. 1419 PoDc
H 140 Sixth 1819 Derisadero 705 Larkin
¦ 475 Haight 30C6 Sixteenth 355 Hayes
B 32S5 Mission 52} Montg'y ave. (2 Market
D 2009 FOlmore SS16 Mission us Ninth
g S66 Third 2732 «4th 439 Fourth
PflffiW LlUaHW«JllWJJtl.,miUIJIIWIIHs^j_nsnj|j|^^
t-»__ _
The University Society
Of New York.
California Headquarters, .47 Academy «f
Sciences. San Francisco.
Sample, on Exhibition. -Correspondence
Solicited.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Pries List* Mallal
on Application. >
rxtssxr aud saxt meats
JAS. BOYES & CO,
OU.S. /
LC % 1 y,2^..°g^. i -g^''&£ gL-.
Pfcurrnrd.
e. c. mm ... . ™?™. . .
WEEKLT CAUL; $1.0O PEB YEAB.TO-DAY MAY DECIDE ISSUE.
WATERBURY, Conn.. Jan. 27. —
General Stephen W. Kellogg, a former
Congressman and a delegate to the Re
publican Xational Convention that
nominated Abraham Lincoln, died here
to-night, aged 93.
Friend of Lincoln Dies.
was a merchant of San Andreas and
leaves valuable property. He Was
about 65 years of age.
SAX JOSE, Jan. 27. — John E. Parker
of.Beloit, Wis., died suddenly this
morning at Holly Rock Farm, near
this city, the home of his niece. Mrs.
George Saunders. Deceased had been
spending the winter in California. He
v.as^about CO years of age and a na
tive of Xew York. The remains will
be shipped, to Wisconsin.
Doath Cute Short His Visit.
TOKIO, Jan. 27. — It is understood
that the Cabinet, assisted by the
Elder Statesmen, has completed a
financial programme, which It H ex
pected will be published shortly. It
is said to include the issuance of ex
chequer bonds tQ the amount of 100,
000,000 yen, increasing taxes to the
extent of 50,000,000 yen.
LONDON', Jan. 2S. — The Times this
morning publishes the following: dis
patch from its? Tokio correspondent:
"The Government has resolved
to impose a war tax by doubling the
lond tax and the income tax. thereby
obtaining • additional revenue of
40,000,000 yen ($22,000,000).
JAPAN IMPOSES WAR TAX.
Drastic Measures to Supply Funds for
Impcmlinc Conflict.
SAX JOSE, Jan. 27. — Mr. and Mrs.
Rein* to-day received a telegram an
nouncing the death of their daughter,
Mrs. Mamie Day, at Findlay, Ohio.
Deceased is the sister of the famous
jockeys, Lester and Johnnie Reiff.
Mrs. Day had been ailing for some
time. Her remains will be shipped to
San Jose and the burial will be in Oak
Hill Cemetery.
San Jose Woman Dies in Ohio.
TREKA, Jan. 27.— Leung Ock, who
killed another Chinese near Happy
Camp, was repentenced to-day to be
hanged April 22. Ock appealed from
.the verdict -of conviction and the Su
preme Court recently affirmed the judg
ment.
Chinese Murderer to Be Hanged.
REDDING. Jan. 27. — The Dry Slide mine.
owned by Dan McCarthy cf Oakland and Red
dins, situated near the railroad connecting the
Iron Mountain mine and the Keswick smelter,
has been bonded to A. 11. McDonald of Oak
land.
This week 25 per cent reduction on
mvciT beater in ptock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. 415 Post street. •
GLEX ELLEX, Jan. 27. — Guiseppe
Sillcani. a woodcutter, employed by
the Strife ranch, about six miles from
Glen Ellen, committed suicide Tuesday
by shooting himself. He had been
sick and destitute and killed himself
while in a despondent mood.
Despondent Man Kills Himself.
Advices from Juneau under date of
January 20 state that the Seaolin on
that date was twelve days overdue from
Windham Bay, at which place she was
sighted by a steamer which afterward
made Juneau. The United States Gov
ernment cutter Rush was sent out in
search of the Seaolin. Before the Rush
left the citizens of Juneau and the
owners of the Seaolin made up a fund
and chartered the steamer Rustler to
prosecute a search for the overdue
steamer. Owing to the great violence
of the weather recently along the
Southeastern Alaska coast but little
hope for the safety of the Seaolin la
entertained. She was built in San
Francisco in 1883. She was of 41 tons
gross, 61 feet in length, 13 feet in beam
and 4.8 feet molded depth.
VAXCOUVER, B. C. Jan. 27.— The
little steamer Seaolin, for the past five
years operated on the mail route be
tween Juncau and Sumdum, is believed
to have been lost with all on board.
Great alarm is felt at Juneau because
the Seaolin is 16ns overdue and a num
ber of Juneau people are known to have
been on board. Whll« definite informa
tion is lacking it Is believed at Juneau
that at least half a dozen passengers
were upon the Seaolin when she left
Windham Bay. Her crew numbered
six men.
Owners Fear That She Went Down in
Storm That Swept the Southeast
ern Alaska Coast.
OVERDUE STEAMER SEAOLIX
IS CAUSING GREAT AXXIETV
LOXDON. Jan. 27. — Dispatches re
ceived to-day on the Far Eastern sit
uation do not reveal any change
therein. The Japanese Government
is holding conferences with bankers
and others with regard to providing
the sinews for a possible war. Cable
grams from Tokio comment signifi
cantly upon the calm and confident at
titude of the Japanese people.
According to the correspondent of
the Daily Mail at Chefu everything
points to an impending Japanese coup
in Korea, for v.-hich. both military and
naval preparations are being made.
Correspondents of the Times in the
principal tov.ns of Russia report ac
tive warlike preparations and the be
lief that war is near. At Vladivostok
large orders have been given for
American corned beef for the Russian
navy.
Korea Will Be the Theater of the
.Mikado's Operations.
JAPANESE COUP EXPECTED.
Frederick K. Mcntz. a pioneer mer
chant of West Oakland, died this
morning at his home, 1270 Center
street, at the age of 81 years. He
leaves one son. E. H. Mentz.
Mrs. Emiline R. Daggett, widow of
the late Jabez Dagett. aged 92 years,
died this mornir.c at the home of her
daughter. Mrs. A. W. Root. 1215 Oak
street. The deceased ha^d been a res
ident of Oakland for the last twenty
five years. She left four children,
Isaac M. Daggett of Xew York, J. R.
Dagrgett of San Francisco, W. T. Dag
gett of Martinez and Mrs. A. W. Root
of this citV.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27. — Joseph Ar
rowsmith, a well-known mining en
gineer, aged 73 years, died this morn
ing at the home of his son, G. E. M.
Arrow-smith. 2200 Broadway. De
ceased had resided in Oakland for
many years and was well . known
among mining men. He leaves a
widow.
Alamcda County Deaths.
•The townships affected comprise
mow than 160.000 acres of land. The
r»arons for the withdrawal are not
known h?rc.
: EUREKA. Jan. 27. — Seven more
towrships of public lands have been
uithdrawn by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office. The with
drawn land is situated in Del Xorte
County.
Public Lands Arc Withdrawn.
San Francisco Boys Under Arrest.
STOCKTOX, Jan. 27. — Eddie Wiley.
George Hendricks,. Percy Smith and
Lawrence Burns, all of San Francisco,
were arrested at Woodbridge, . this
county, this afternoon and charged
with grand larceny, they having rode
away with four bicycles belonging to
students of the El Dorado School of
this city. They were headed for Sac
ramento. The boys, who are between
12 and 14 years of age, are in jail
here.
VENTURA, Jan. 27.— One thousand,
wethers and lambs were shipped this
A good rain: of several inches at this
time would save everything, but the
country cannot stand much more north
wind and clear skies, without disas
trous results. ; '^ >
Dr. Blemer says 'that there are. be
tween 400,000 and 500,000 head of cattle
in the drouth stricken district, and un
less rain comes they will have to.be
moved or they will die.
, If the Texas tick was eradicated, 1 npt
only would the cattle be healthier and
stronger, but they could be moved at
•will, and there would be less danger
of the cattlemen getting caught so
heavily and helplessly stocked.
Dr. Blemer "and Dr. Faulkner went
north yesterday afternoon, but will re
turn to the meeting of the Supervisors
next Monday.;
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 27. -The
need of being on the right side of the
quarantine line is getting to be a se
rious question to the stockmen of this
county, and more particularly so to the
counties next south—Santa Barbara
and Ventura. The dryest winter sea
son by half since 1869. when the first ac
curate reports were kept, up to 1837 was
1886-87, when 3.66 inches of rain had
fallen up to February 1. In the other
seasons before and since 1887 from two
to six times as much rain has fallen.
The year 1887 was a good one, as nine
inches of rain fell during February and
C.b'O inches later. This year only 1.90
inches of rain have fallen to date.
These figures show the actual condi
tions in this community and in Santa
Barbara and Ventura counties there
has been scarcely an inch of rain, and
that has fallen within ten days.
This condition of affairs has called
State Veterinarian C. H. Blemer here;
also County Veterinarian G. F. Faulk
ner cf Monterey. They canvassed the
situation here yesterday and an effort
will be made to have the County Board
of Supervisors, which meets next Mon
day, establish a cattle quarantine line
through this county, the northern half
of which is known to be free from the
Texas fever tick. This would permit
the removal of cattle from the Carlsa
plains and the greater part of the cattle
ranges of San Luis Obispo County. This
being an inter-dounty line, it Is neces
sary for the county to guarantee the
enforcement of the quarantine "and be
responsible for the prevention of the
smuggling of fever-Infected cattle
across the line.
After January 31 the season closes in
which cattle can be moved* under in
spection. Dr. Blemer will try and ob
tain a special order, because of ¦ the
drouth, "extending the time. But, the
doctor does not know where the cattle
could be taken, even Jf permitted to go,
as there is no grass in Northern Cali
fornia and Oregon, owing to the cold,
and where it has been warm there has
been no rain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Livestock in San Luis Ofoispo,
Ventura and Santa Barbara
Counties Are Nearly Starved
DROUTH HURTS
THE CATTLEMEN
Work Requires Many Men.
. VENTURA. Jan. '1~. — John Burson an
nounced this afternoon that active con
struction upon the Ventura-Bakersfield
electric railway would begin February
15, and that by March 1 between 500 and
1000 men will be employed. There will
be four crews. One camp will be lo
cated at Oxnard and three camps in
the Se«*ip. Ebon Smith, J. H. Herbert
and William Russell will return from
N>w York on February 5. They were
.successful in obtaining more financial
support and the company will not lack
for -funds.
SAX JOSE, Jan. 27. — W. A. Samp
son, a canner of Muncie, Ind., is here
for the purpose starting a large can
nery to be devoted exclusively to the
canning of peas. He is trying to se
cure a guarantee that 200 acres wilt be
planted to peas and in case this is don^
he will bring part of his canning plant
here from the East. A committee has
been appointed by the Chamber of
Comerce to confer with Sampson with
a view to advancing the project.
Messrs. E. H. Wright of Corning. J.
B. Xash of Itacha and F. S. Bush ot
Syracuse, X. Y., have been here look
ing over the land at Alvi3o for a suit
able location for a large rope walk.
They propose to manufacture cotton
and manila rope. The visitors are
greatly pleased with Alviso.
Representatives of Big Houses Are
Looking for Sites for Branches
In the Garden City.
EASTERN CAPITAL MAY BE
INVESTED IN SAN JOSE
The question of feed is worrying all
the stockmen. Many head of cattle
have died during the last week and
several stockmen will b3 financially
ruined.
afternoon from Saticoy to Los Angeles.
During the last three months 20,000
sheep have been shipped to butchers
in Los Angeles and Santa Barbara.
There are only a few more marketable
sheep left in Ventura County and these
will be shippc". out at once. The sheep
men have been compelled to sell owing
to the lark of feed, and unless there
is rain in the early part of February
10,000 ewes and lambs will die.
Registrar Maxey will be ready to
receive filings' to-morrow. As the
news of the withdrawal has come
rather suddenly it is not known
whether there are any intended appli
cants waiting. It is understood here
that the agents of the proposed rail
road are quite active, and it is ex
pected that next summer will see work
well under way.
STOCKTON, Jan. 27. — Registrar
Maxey of the United States Land Of
fice was to-day notified by the depart
ment at Washington that 40,000 acres
of land, withdrawn from entry De
cember 24, 1902, and since held as
forest reserve, was reopened and
made subject to regul- homestead
filings. The land lies on the Yosemite
side of Mariposa County and is
traversed by the Merced River. It lies
directly along the route of the recent
ly surveyed Yosemite railroad, and for
which rights of way were secured re
cently by application to "Washington.
A portion of the land is rocky and
rough, but there are said to be some
good stretches, and all makes a fair
range. With a railroad traversing it
a rapid settlement of the section is
possible. It is thought that the rail
road people have used their influence
to secure the withdrawal of the land
from the forest reserve.
Section on Yosemite Side of Mari
posa County Is Made Subject to
Regular Homestead Filings.
FOREST RESERVE LANDS
ARE AGAIN OPENED
SAX MATEO. Jan. 27.— Phil M.
Roedel, founder, cashier and chief
owner of the San Mateo Bank, died
this -morning at his beautiful home in
El Cerrito Park, after an illness ex
tending over a period of two years.
Roedel was 46 years of agre and a
native of Chicago. At an early age
he removed with his parents to White
Cloud, Mich., where his father en
gaged in the banking business. The
elder Roedel had served as Indian
agent to New Mexico previously under
President Grant, whose personal
friendship he enjoyed.
Removing to San Mateo in 1894, the
younger Roedel founded the San Ma
teo Bank and became its cashier. He
was the owner of five-sixths of the
stock of the bank, but his death will
not in any way impair its financial
standing. He also had extensive real
ty holdings in Michig-an and possessed
a fortune of half a million dollars. He
was married about twenty-six years
ago to Miss Minnie G. Gibbs of White
Cloud, Mich., who, with three chil
dren, survive him. The children are
Charles A. Iloedel, teller in the San
Mateo Bank, and Misses Clara and
Alice Roedel, the latter a co-ed of
Stanford University. A sister, Mrs.
Miles Standish, is the wife of the
millionaire millman of Oakland. The
funeral services will be held on Friday
afternoon at 3 o'clock, and interment
will be in St. John's Cemetery, this
city. y
A categorical denial is given, so far
as France is concerned, to the Peking
representation that the French Minis
ter is taking part in negotiations with
the view of the mediation of France,
Great Britain and the United States.
PARIS, Jan. 27.— Official advices re
ceived here from St. Petersburg show
that Foreign Minister Lamsdorff, be
fore giving Russia's answer, has called
in Japanese Minister Kurino. The two
Ministers are now conferring with the
view of so shaping the response as to
avoid a conflict. This is considered to
be an explanation of the dispatch from
Tokio saying Japan has requested Rus
sia to hasten her reply. As Lamsdorff
and Kurino are having conferences
prior to the submission of the reply,
it is regarded as evidence of Japan's
insistence upon an early answer and
of Russia's desire to avoid a response
which might precipitate hostilities.
Count Lamsdorff's course in conferring
with Kurino before answering is cited
as showing Russia's .= willingness to go
to the last limit in order, to avoid war.
But, it is added, if the efforts of Russia
fail she will be prepared to strike very
hard blows from the outset.
All information reaching the highest
quarters here tends to show that the
crisis continues acute. It appears to
be the accepted conviction in Govern
ment circles that the final determina
tion between peace and war cannot be
long deferred. The officials continue
to hope for peace, but they make the
reservation that the discouraging as
pect which the situation has assumed
during the last few days has not been
ameliorated.
Lamsdorff Hopes to So Word It as to
Avoid a Conflict.
SHAPING THE RUSSIAN REPLY.
Financier, Who Was Well
Known, Passes Away at
El Cerrito Park.
WELL-KNOWN BANKER OF
SAN MATEO COUNTY WHO
DIED YESTERDAY.
The bunko artist, who travels undar
the name of Leggett, represented him
self as a horseman from Kentucky with
an inside track on the purchase of
thoroughbred stock. "He soon gained
the confidence of his victims and pro
posed a scheme. It was to form a com
pany and purchase a few high-grade
stallions with records of- 2:25 or better.
He had, he said, knowledge of where
two such animals could be secured for
J3C00. The local stockmen readily en
tered into the scheme and handed over
checks for the amount demanded. The
stranger conducted the negotiations by
wire and within a few days received a
telegram from Lexington that the
horses had been shipped. In due time
a bill of lading came along. Then the
victims of the plot were fully convinced
that they ha4 secured a great bargain.
The day before the animals reached
Blackfoot the manipulator of the deal
faded from sieht.
When the stock car arrived the local
men were on hand to receive their high
priced steeds. But instead of high
stepping thoroughbred stallions the car
contained a couple of old skates that
had to be vigorously beaten to make
them move. The animals are worth
about $3 each. Efforts to apprehend
Leggett have failed.
BLACKFOOT, Idaho, Jan. 27.— A
horsetrader with an engaging smile and
a colossal nerve has been working a
brand new bunko game on the guileless
stockmen of this vicinity and other
parts of Idaho. As the result of his
visit he is several thousands of dollars
ahead while a number of well-known
horsemen mourn the loss of an equal
amount.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PORTLAND. Or. Jan. 27. — A num-
I'pr of recent articles in Eastern pub
lications have placed Oregon in the
doubtful column so far as Its antici
pated support of Roosevelt -was con
cerned. The skepticism of these writ
ers was due to the open attack made
upon the President last spring by Sen
ator Simon, who charged him with
breaking a written promise and pro
duced a letter to substantiate the
charge. The accusation was publish
ed widely throughout the country at
the time and coupled with the knowl
edge of Simon's political power in this
State it produced an Impression that
although Oregon has always been
overwhelmingly Republican, it might
very possibly oppose Roosevelt's nom
ination in the approaching National
Convention.
This Senator Simon emphatically
denies. In two interviews, given out
on two consecutive days, he has as
serted that he will make no fight
against Roosevelt and that he will not
himself be a candidate for the United
States Senate.
"I have no fight to make against
President Roosevelt," said Simon,
'and will make none. Among my as
sociates are to be found some of the
most ardent supporters whom the
President has in Oregon. I believe
that Roosevelt will be nominated and
elected."
As no opposition to Roosevelt could
reasonably be expected to exist in any
* political quarter in this State, save in
the camps of the Simon faction, the
.rote of the Oregon delegation un
doubtedly will be polled for the pres
ent occupant of the White House.
Simon's withdrawal from the Sen
ntorial race was made, it is said, for
the purpose of gaining political
strength. A number of interests are
opposed to the domination of the
Mitchell machine, but were reluctant
to tide with Simon, as they thought
.he would be unable to accomplish
much for the State if returned to the
Senate, and in spite of the assertions
of Pinion's friends that he would not
Accept the toga if it were offered to
him. these interests steadfastly be
lieved he would. His printed denial
sets these doubts at rest and the bat
tle for political supremacy in Oregon
•v.hii-h is to be waged at the coming
j.rimary promises To be exceedingly
close.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Lively Battle Is Expected at
the Primary for tlie Elec
tion of National Delegates
So-Callod Ra<?ers Are Shipped
From Kentucky, hut They
Are Only Worn-Out "Skates''
HIGH TRICES ARE PAID
Some of the Russian newspapers
are again becoming bellicose. The
Bourse Gazette declares that Russia
has reached the parting of the ways
and must now choose her position and
maintain it. It discusses seriously the
"yellow peril," contending it to be
the duty of the powers to intervene,
as they did after the China-Japanese
war. The Gazette concludes its ar
ticle by saying tliat if Japan persists
in her warlike attitude Russia is not
going to be intimidated.
The Novoe Vremya says the conver
sion of the reserve battalions into
regiments, which was not carried out
some months ago for financial rea
sons, is now executed because more
military units are needed in the Far
East and because Germany's increase
In recent years requires a second' line
of defense.
"The Admiralty believes in the suc
cessful termination of the negotiations.
Some of our ships in the Far East are
still in reserve. The steps now being
taken should be described as precau
tionary rather than warlike."
Prince Khiloff, Minister of the Rail
road Commission, will Jeave here in a
few days for Irktsk to inspect the
nearly completed railroad line around
Lake Baikal, which connects the two
ends of the Siberian road. This con
nection, which will permit through
trains, is considered of great advan
tage, especially in the event of winter
military exigencies. The Czar, when
voicing: his approval of Prince Khiloff's
mission, said, in substance, that he de
sired peace, which he believed would
not be broken, but that it was proper
to be prepared for all emergencies.
BELLICOSE RUSSIAN PRESS.
neighborhood of Port Arthur are en
tirely without significance, saying in
explantion that they are probably
merely routine changes of station and
certainly made without the expectation
of a collision. A prominent admiral
said in an interview to-day:
Stockmen Are Led Into Scheme
fo Purchase Fine Animals
and Find They Arc Duped
DOES NOT WANT THE TOQA
Soimtor From Oregon Says
That He Will Not Oppose the
Nomination of Roosevelt
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
SIMON STATES
HIS POSITION
HORSE FAKER
WORKING IDAHO
DEATH SUMMONS
BANKER ROEDEL
OF SAN MATEO
GERMANY PLANS
TO REAP PROFIT
FROM THE WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV THURSDAY. JANUARY 2S. 1904.
Former Congressman Dies.
FORT WAYNE, Ind., Jan. 27. —
Judge Robert Lowry, former member
of Congress from the Twelfth Indiana
District and one of the best known
Jurists in the State, died at 2 o'clock
this morning at his home in this city,
aged SO years. * V v - 1
Colonel Frederick Smith Dead.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. Jan, 27.— A dis
patch received to-day announces the
death last night at Canon City, Colo.,
of consumption of Colonel Frederick G.
Smith, late of the United States army.
He was a graduate of West Point.
Death. of a Calavcras Pioneer.
SAN ANDREAS. Jan. 27. — Charles
M. Whitlock. a pioneer of Calaveras
County, died here to-night. Whitlock
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 28. 6 a. m.
The Council of State will meet to-day
under the presidency of the Czar to
consider the terms of Russia's re
sponse to Japan's last note.
BERLIN, Jan. 27.— The Paris cor
respondent of the Berliner Tageblatt
claims authority for the statement
that the forthcoming Russian note to
Japan will be Russia's last word in
the matter and it will be categorical
and declare that Russia cannot make
further concessions than those con
tained in the note in question. The
correspondent says also that Russia
is particularly opposed to the fortifica
tionTof Masampho.
Russian Council of State Will Draw
Up Reply to Japan.
3
FREE
A PORTFOLIO OF
CALrFOR^ T IA A T IEWS
To Want Advertisers
• In Next Sunday's Call.
Bring your ad to The Call
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
of this week and get one of
these pretty little souvenirs.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHREVE & GO'S
i STATIONERY DEPARTMENT
Will be opened on Mon-
j day, February 1st It will
] have in its work rooms
complete facilities lor the
production of Fine Station-
cry in all its branches. Ex-
1 clusiveness will charac->
terizc the products of the
Department.
POST and MARKET STS.
1 f
Why Schilling's Best ? Arc
they really best?
The tea and coffee, 5 and 4
kinds, arc good -enough coffee
and tea ; there is no such thing
as best teacr coffee; the baking-
powder flavoring extracts and
spices are best in the strictest
sense ; the soda is common.
• AD9ERTISEIBBNTS.
Peruna is recommended by fifty members of
Congress, by Governors, Consuls, Generals, Ma*
jors, Captains, Admirals, Eminent Physicians,
Clergymen, many Hospitals and public institu*
tions, and thousands upon thousands of those in
the humbler walks of life. :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Closing Out Some Shirts at 35c
Our sale of broken sizes in shirts is taking so. well that
every shirt will be gone in a few days.
Some are 75c shirts, some are worth 65c and others arc.
50c values.^- v
Though the sizes are broken, the patterns * are numer-
ous. You will find several patterns in your size that will
strike your fancy.
The shirts are on a counter arranged in sizes from 14 to
17, and the price of any one is 35c.
Oitt-of-toxvn orders filled — -zvriic us.
74O Market StreetMr. Yeats came from that visit to
the Greek Theater into the neighbor
hood of some 2000 people crowded to
gether in Harmon Gymnasium. Flank
ed by ex-Mayor Phelan, his patron, and
his valise on one side and President
Wheeler on the other, he was escorted
to the platform. \ .
. A close observation of- Mr. Yeats re
vealed that he affects few of the stage
properties of the poet. ;His hair Is
cropped short and he does not spend
any time brushing it back on his fore
head. His clothes might have been cut
by an American tailor and he would
not be suspected of poesy • but for a
flowing black tie that covers up his
shirt front.- Still, \ Mr. Yeats .would be
picked -out in a crowd-as some kind
of a genius. His features, eyeglasses,
actions, all exhibit the man of refine
ment. Indeed, when the history of Mr.
Yeats' achievements in Ireland is heard
and he Is listened to on the lecture plat-
Giwk Theater Furnishes Theme for
Address nt University.
BERKELEY. Jan. 27.-A visit to the
new Greek Theater furnished William
Butler Yeats with a theme for his ad
dress before the students of the uni
versity this afternoon. The peer of
Irish poets caught his inspiration from
a glimpse, of that monument of West
ern enterprise and spent most of his
hour comparing the stage of to-day
with the stage of yesterday, a century
ago, twenty centuries ago. With the
brush of his poetic -temperament he
painted a sc-rry. picture of the decad
ent, worm eaten drama that refined
people refuse to entertain, and then, as
a sort of relief from that present day
tragedy, glossed' it over with a new
one of the histrionic revival that' is
going on in Ireland, the fruit of the
work of a little band . of intellectual
patriots.
YEATS BEFORE STUDENTS.
Thibet, "the roof of the world." is a
tableland three times as large as
France.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 27. — P. R. Boultree.
the your.j bank clerk who last evenln* dova
Into a eomi>aratlvely empty s-ximminc tank at
the Multnomah Club, sustaining (rightful In
juries about the heart. Is dead. Boultree cams
from Toronto, Canada, a few months ago.
"The Irish Literary Society finally
decided to reorganize Ireland, and dur
ing the first four years' of our existence
the. -'.were more books written on Ire
land than in the eighty years before.
Experience showed uc, however, that
the best way to get the people was by
speaking to them in their own lan
guage—to revive it in the memories of
those who had forgotten it, and teach
it to those who never knew it. As an
"America i«« very, near to Irelandjr
nearer than England — and influ
ences Ireland in a thousand ways.
American newspapers are being read
In Irish communities where English
papers are unheard of, and Dublin
publications are a rarity. This means
that the people are following closely
the political history of the United
States and they are not interested in
that of England. The literature of
modern Ireland began by being close
to its political history, and the only
way to preserve the history and tradi
tions of Ireland Is by perpetuating first
its language.
* -ae .reland of to-day is :.ot the
Irelc."d of yore. Before the famine you
had the happy Ireland of Jokes and
music; after the famine you have the
Ireland of tragedy. The sound of the
fiddle has been stilled and in its place
came the emigrant ship and the prison
ship. Literature practically died out,
and how could it live In the shadow of
the convict ship and the emigrant
ship? England continually taunts us
with dissension, as though she herself
were united, but how can a nation torn
by dirsension be united?
MANY BOOKS WRITTEN.
William Butler Yeats. artiFt, author,
poet, orator and famous on two con
tinents as a leader in the Celtic revival,
t-mertained a laree audience at the Al
hambra Theater last night. The repu
tation of Mr. Yeats had preceded him,'
and many were turned away from the
doors of the theater without being
given an opportunity to see or hear the
distinguished speaker. Mr. Yeats Is an
accomplished orator, and h<> held the
attention of his audience from the mo
ment of his appearance on /the stage
until ho gracefully bowed his adieup.
In an entertaining: manner he told of
the struggles of Ireland for freedom
and of the patriotism of the Irish race,
illuminating his talk with trite anec
dotes and quotations from the earlier
Irish poets.
The speaker was introduced by the
Itev. Philip O'Kyan, who spoke in
i>art as follows:
••Th<? Irish race has always been
nbltged to fight for its existence, and
it Is little wonder that we have no
poets. There is one man who gathered
up the folk lore and put it into song,
the man whom I have the honor to in
troduce this evening, the poft of the
tvntury, William Butler Yeats. 1 '
Mr. Yeat3 stepped upon the platform
and was gieeted with a storm of ap
plause. The whole tenor of his address
WES in favor of a revival of the Gaelic,
his argument being that a people with
out a language will not stand together
as will the people who have not only
the ties of blood but also a common
tongue. As he summed it up finally,
"Gaelic Ireland is the Ireland of the
centuries; English Ireland is the Ire
land of the decades."
Mr. Y»ats' address was in part as
follows:
TI1KV IX>VE AMERICA. ,
Mr. Yeats' closing lecture will be
given Saturday night, when he will
speak on the revival of the Irish thea
ter.
Prior to the lecture a brief pro
gramme was rendered. Miss Haxel
Buckley recited "Father Gllligan," one
of Mr. Yeats' poems, in an entertaining
manner. Caro Roma rendered "Kath
leen Mavourneen" and oth<>r Irish bal
lads, and the Elks' Quartet followed
with "Eibhlin a Ruin."
Mr. Yeats concluded his address by
saying that he hoped for a day of uni
versal peace., but for the present there
Is nothing for people like himself to do
but take the platform and urge the
people to learn to speak Irish that Ire
land may once more be a free and in
dependent nction.
instance we find that as soon as a little
village in Ireland takes up the old
Gaelic songs the English shoddy goes
out and the good old Irish frieze come3
in. I am happy to say that Gaelic
grammar is being more and more
taught and that children coming home
from school a«k their mothers if Irish
is not the language spoken in heaven."
The speaker then read what he said
he considered the bitterest invective he
had ever heard against England. It
refers to England as having a cold
heart and having broken the hearts of
the whit" man and black man alike. It
concludes: ••Lord, let there fall
straight down upon her h*ad the curse
of the mean and the curse of the good,
the curse of the sick and the curse of
the strong."
WILLIAM, BL'TLER YEATS. FAMOUS ON TWO CONTINENTS AS A
LEADER IN THE CELTIC REVIVAL. WHO ADDRESSED LARGE
AUDIENCE AT THE ALHAMBRA THEATER LAST NIGHT.
"Speech, after all, is v.-hat matters
most. It is the essence of the whole
thing. What makes poetry great is
music, and if an actor loses the music
he loses everything. In the Greek days
words of the manuscript were marked
with notes by the players, and the pitch
was given from the notes of a pipe. In,
Ireland they are doing that, too. All
the arts have gone through the same
process — a calling toward the heart.
First it was the speech, then the scen
ery, and so on. Now it is for us to be
gin inward~warm the heart again and
renovate outward.
"I am an incurable romanticist. I
am a lover of poetry, and I do not want
any limitations In the loftiness of
speech."
they receive the support of the critics."
"In order to bring the play back to its
former simple and honorable place it
must be brought back to penury," he
said. "The imagination is too often sold
for a price. The theater must be shorn
of its accessories, its blazonry and its
tinsel. Worst of its crimes is the scene
painting. The stage must be made
smaller. The words of the actors will
nil the mind of the spectators with
pictures.
".To one believes the average play
of to-day is anything but contempti
ble," said the poet. "And why is it?
Why is it, though, that the modern play,
is so liberally patronized? It is be
cause the theater is the only popular
art. A play that doesn't run more than
a hundred nights in London* is consid
ered a fai'.ure. One of Moliere's plays
was considered a success when it ran
twenty nights.
"Tlie decadence is largely the legacy
of overriches and the desire tor money.
The theater is wedded to the mob. In
Bngland the plays are presented by
the people of wealth, who pander to
the mob. But the sharr.o of it is. that
form, the observer finds a good, strong
man with a purpose.
"Bad, very bad." is Mr. Yeats' opin
ion c-f the modern drama. "When one
thinks seriously of the Greek theater
and the modem theater, he says im
pulsively, 'What an abyss." It is im
possible to thin: of the modern thea
ter as otherwise than bad. In Ireland
its putrid state had long ago been rec
ognized and a little coterie of intel
lectual men there had determined that
it must be due out. roots and all, and
re-created, if anything were to come
of It
Prisoners in France are permitted to
pay one visit to dying parents.
Differences in religion are said to
have caused the attempt to stop the
elopement.
Two of Baltimore's Most Prominent
Young: Persons Elope to Neigh
boring City and Arc Married.
PHILADELPHIA, Ja"h. 27. — Mon
cure Robinson and Sarah Srsson Abell,
members of two of Baltimore's rich
est and most influential families, have
eloped to Chester, Pa., where they
were married by Mayor Howard H.
Houston. They came to Chester,
where Robinson's brother-in-law has
a country home, and the wedding had
been arranged to take place In a
church of which the bride is a mem
ber when a telegram from the higher
ecclesiastics in Baltimore put a stop to
the cermenoy. The police also ap- !
peared with telegrams commanding '
them to stop the wedding. But the
party appeared before the Mayor and
satisfied him that the license was reg
ular. After the bride had sworn she
was of age he made them husband and
wife. The bride's mother appeared a
few minutes too late. -
CUIMD OUTGENERALS
OBSTINATE PARENTS
JEFFERSONVILLE. Ind., Jan. 27.—
The men in charge of the big fleet of
coal barges at the Pumpkin Patch,
above this city, say the danger from"
the heavy ice now running out is prac
tically over. One barge, containing
26,000 bushels of coal, the property of
the Monongahela River Consolidated
Coal and Coke Company, was sunk.
Sixty barges were forced aground for
a short time, but were again floated
without damage.
Ice Jam Sinks Coal Bargo.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 27.— Mrs. Lulu
Prince Kennedy, on trial a second
time for the murder in January, 1901,
of her husband, Philip H. Kennedy,
local contracting agent of the Mer
chants' Dispatch Transportation Com
pany, collapsed in court to-day. Mrs.
Kennedy had been In tears all morn
ing and when her mother assumed
the stand and admitted that the de
fendant had been secretly married
since her conviction for the murder
of her husbnnd she fainted and it
was necessary to carry her from the
room. ,.
A few days before he was killed by
his wife, Kennedy brought suit to have
their marriage set aside, alleging that
Miss Prince's father and her two
brothers had forced him to marry
her. She was convicted and sentenced
to ten years in the penitentiary. The
Supreme Court recently reversed -the
decision on a technicality. It devel
oped to-day that she married John
Kramer, a local lawyer, several
months after her conviction. She la
said to have killed Kennedy because
he refused to live with her.
Will Prince was convicted and
served a sentence in the penitentiary
on a charge of conspiring with his
sister in the murder of Kennedy, and
Albert K. Prince, another brother,
who was drowned in the recent
wreck of the steamer Clallam off Vic
toria, B. C, was indicted on a similar
charge.
Th" only possible feature which the jury
were able to find connecting me with the Iro
quols fire disaster was the alleged nesligence
and incompetency of my appointees. Fire Chitf
Musham and Building Inspector Williams. 1
wan: to call attention to the fact that Chief
Mueham has been connected with the Chicago
fire department for forty years, beginning: at
the bottom of the ladder and winning his way
to the position of Assistant Chief by the gal
lant and heroic conduct of a lifetime. Upon
the retirement of Chief Sweenle I appointed
Musham Chief. The appointment was on mer
its and met with unanimous approval. When
the position of Building Commissioner became,
vacant last summer I Invited the Builders"
Club, the Association, of Architects and varloua
non-partisan professional organizations to
name the best available man for the vacancy.
They named Mr. Williams, a Republican, and
Kave me the strongest testimony as to his
character and efficiency. I appointed him
and he entered most earnestly upon his duties.
Roth of th««e men were Ideal appointments.
The imputation of guilt upon these two men
l!» unjustifiable, but to strike at roe over their
shoulders is little short of Infamy.
I have gone ov»r the testimony of Fir* In
sp»otpr Mueham and Building Inspector Wil
liams and the Mayor particularly, and I can
say without qualification or hesitation that I
flnd not cne word In the evidence which tends
ev?n remotely In my judgment that the Mayer
had any knowledKe of this matter or that h«
was in any respect negligent of any duty 1m
rosed upon him by the law* or by the rules
that commonly apply to persons who are r»
s-ponglble for the swfety of other*. «
I find that them were irross violation* not
only of the city ordinances, but of common
rules of safety that anybody with any expert
knowledge would have said were essential.
The Mayor, who Is simply at the head of the
city government, cannot be held responsible
for any misconduct in his subordinate's office.
Following his release Mayor Harrison
made the following statement:
CHICAGO. Jan. 27.— Mayor Carter H.
Harrison was to-day ordered by Judge
Richard S. Tuthill to be discharged
from custody for any responsibility for
the wholesale loss of life In the Iroquols
Theater fire. The Judge declared that
the Mayor was in no way guilty or lia
ble, and that the Coroner's Jury In or
dering Mayor Harrison held to the
Grand Jury had put an unjust stigma
upon the Mayor, who had failed in no
particular, either In omission or com
mission. Said the court:
PITTSBURa. Jan. 27.— Thre* days
hav<» Hipsed since the terrible catas
trrrhf at tho Harwick mtn<? "f the Al
legheny Coal Company, and nt mid
right seventy "dd bodies have been re
covered and brought to the surface. [
Only one of th*sp has b<»en identified.
The day . has bpen nn» of hor
ror in the little village, but even
while thrse blackened 1 cdies wer* being
brought from the top of the shaft and*
then on el^ds to the school house on
th«» hill above, where the undertakers
were ready to receive them, quiet
Ffpmed to ri^'flil ' n lri «* community.
£F it v.ns in a clutch that rppressed
th^ir natural feelings of passionate
anxiety an<1 rcrrew: thp grim realiza
tion that th"re is s=t ill much work to be
dmr> before th« full rxtent of th»» catas
trophe has been realized. The Alle
gheny Coal r > omp?>ny to-night, in an
official statement, admitted that
ell of the men who were in rhe !
mine wh*».n th«» explosion occurred are
drad. There are 171 names on the list,
which does not Include Sehryh M.
Ryl^r. oj the two m*>n who were <>n th*
tippl? above the mino .«haft when the
explosion came. N"or dors this lift con
tain the name of Daniel I-yFlo of Cas- ;
tl*» Shannon, whose body was found in
the minv. He was one of the men who
went down in the mino to work last :
night, but became separated from thr
rept arid nandercd far ahead, away
from th<* air. His body was round Fit
tins with his hack to the wall. He had
evidently been overcome by the after
damp.
This brings the official number of
known doad to 174, but the list may
Ftill be increased, as it is possible that
some boys may have bc»en in the pit
whose namos have not been learned.
Hutchinfon, tho custodian of the lamp?.
pays that between 15ft and \W lamps
•were Riv?n cut on the fatal Monday
morning, and no man was given more
than one. At the shaft tires have been
built and groups of men arc gathered
th^re trying to kerp warm. In the
blacksmith Fhop about 100 feet from
tho mouth of tho shaft are seventeen
coffins, each comaim^?? a body.
A carload of ct-fSrs was brourht to
Cheswick on the first train to-day and
taken to the mines.
Two Polish women enn-.e from Po
land last night to Ohrsvlck. They ar
rived late and not beir.g able to reach
Harwick. where their husbands were
employed in the mine, slept all night
?t the station. Both men are in the
mire a^d a Fad scene was enacted to
day when the womm learned for the
first time they were widows. Neither
can speak Englifh and <r.e cf the wom
en carried an Infant in her arm:.
Chi"f Mine Inspect nr Roderick
reached Harwick mir<- tliis afternoon
and at once ussurred charge. The find
ing of the dead body of Daniel Lysle
of Leechburg and the report that an
other of the searchers is missing is
keeping down the nunb»r of volunteers,
for they realize that there is still much
danger in the mine: but it is believed
that Roderick will get a sufficient num
ber of men to prosecute the work vig
orously. It is planned now to hold
union funeral services for all victims
on Sunday, -with the exception of the
Catholics, who will bf> buried according
to fhe rites* of their church.
8t. Pauls Roman Catholic Orphan
A»vlum of this city has notified the
Harwick authorities that that institu
tion can take care of 200 children.
The mystery about the well dressed
man who was found in ihe .mine this
morning, :.nd trSj it was surmised
must have been the unwitting cause
of the explosion, has been cleared up.
The remains wore identified as those
of David Lysle. the volunteer who was
overcome last night while searching for
the victims of the explosion.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 27.— More than
twenty persons were injured, some of
them fatally, \\hen two cars upon the
Broadway line collided to-day.
The fnjured:- John Barrington, badly
crushed, internal injuries, probably
fatal; Walter Sieverntrltt. internal In
juries, serious: Frank Gill, employe of
the city Water Department, scalp cut,
nose broken; J. H. Hobelman, serious;
William Miller, serious; Thomas Mc-
Govern, ankles broken, serious; George
Decker, feet and chest crushed; Frank
Alter, slight; Alfred Koopfer, slfght;
Joseph Zermy, slight;- George Baker,
slight; Christopher Juergin, motorman
of front car. perhaps fatally; Walter
Jensen, slight; William Merry, slight;
Clnra Bock, slight; George Clown,
slight; Cassie Gafner, slight; Birdie
Schner, slight; Miss Ida Knause.
slight; Lizzie Clifton, slight; Miss Julia
C. Doerner, slight.
Both cars were northbound and trav
eling in a dense fog. The accident oc
curred while the front car was sta
tionary, owing to a quarrel between
the conductor and a passenger over a
fare. The second car was coming at
high speed. When within 100 feet away
the front car loomed up through the
fog, but It was useless to try to avoid
a crash. None of the 100 passengers
on the second car knew that the acci
dent was impending until the craSh
came. The second car crushed its way
through the rear of the front car until
it reached almost the middle of It.
The dozen or more passengers on the
rear platform of the front car were
Jammed together under the rear car.
The second for half its distance was
crushed and the passengers inside were
thrown about, while showers of broken
glass fell upon them. A panic ensued.
The less seriously hurt began to fight
to escape. Children and women were
trampled, upon and the weaker ones
were beaten against the wreckage.
While Conductor Quarrels Over
a Fare a Motor Running at
High Speed Strikes From Rear
It Is Known That at Least
174 Men Perished in the
Rornit Disastrous Explosion
Mother Testifies That Daughter
Married Second Time Though
Freedom Was Not Assured
Harrison Declares He Was
Faultless and That Criticism
Is Little Less Than Infamy
CARRIED FROM THE ROOM
MANY BODIES RECOVERED
SEVERAL VICTIMS MAY DIE
CORONER'S JURY CENSURED
Managers of Harrrick Mine in
Pennsylvania Admit That
Entombed Miners Are Dead
Kansas City Woman on Trial
for Murder/ of Her Husband
Breaks Down in Courtroom
Two Streetcars Crash on Broad
way in St. Louis and
Twenty Passengers Are Hurt
Chicago Jurist Says City's Ex
ecutive Should Not Be Held
to Blame for Theater Disaster
NO HOPE THAT
ANY ARE ALIVE
MANY INJURED
IN COLLISION
FAINTS WHEN
SECRET IS OUT
JUDGE TUTHILL
FREES MAYOR
IRELAND'S FUTURE DEPENDS
ON REVIVAL OF NATIVE TONGUE
William Butler Yeats, Leader of the Celtic
Movement, Says That a Nation Can Never
Attain to Greatness Without a Language
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 2S. 1004
4
SB. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Are the bad boys very often. The boy
that's good for anrthing b generally
pugnacious. He's .a healthy animal,
and the healthy Bnimnl trill always fight
for his rights.
VSh.cn a boy shrnis the rough sports of
his companions he. is
opt to be a \reakling, | _
and to be conscious l/^ \\
A great many ~lh^£*Mi3&£R
m others have testi- L»«^V^T*^w7,
f;rd to the wonderful fVc^^r fJ^Sff
curing aud strength- W\f tt& [2-f\|
cciixg povrer of Dr. II T T JT_£)>
Pierce's Golden Med- V, j /sfFprf
iral Discovery. All JgLLA _/fc\'- N*r
etreagth coraes froci •'-.*.
food a?ter it ha? been JraWa''^'- "-' 7 • '. : ;
and assirailaled. By '^^^^X]\* >.
r urir.g diseases of the !^S gjsT yTf :
rlomach and other '£&¦
crj^ins cf digestion ?59 frtjL W®n
an-i nutrition, "Gold- J33 R^
en Medical* Discov- Jgf W9 jmsa
cry " enzbles tl:c p?r- £% SM WM
feet nourishment of P^
the body, which is I \EJ* I
thus built up ia the I I
only way a body can '' — J8JSBJ
bt built up— by food. ,/'?-'
There is no alcohol in "Discovery,"
asd it entirely free from opium, cocaine,
and all other narcotics.
"Dr. Picrcff"s medicine has done wonders for
is v two sons." writes Mrs. M. Ilartriclc. of Don-
ster. Oswqro Co.. N. V. "Doth had scrofula.
Mr eldest sea was taken two or three years ayo
with bemorrbage from the lungs. It troubled
fc'.m for orer a year. lie took Dr. Pierce'* Goidea
Medical Discovery and has sot had one ia over
a yr it. My vocnger tea bad scrofulous sores oa
hfs neck; had two lanced, but has not had any
cisce he commenced to take yottr medicine."
Dr. Fierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper cover, sent free on re-
ceipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay ex-
pense of mailing only. For cloth bind-
ing send 31 stamps. Address Dr. E. V.
Pierce. Buffalo. N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PositiTely cured by these
Little Pills.
They also reliere Distress from Dyspepsia,
[ndigestioa and Too Hearty Eating. A prr-
j feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea. Dro-ar?i-
! ness, Bad Taste in the Month, Coated Tongia
j Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
j Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PIH. Small Dose,
Small Price.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
. St?arners leave San Frsn-
/^CriV dsro as follows:
f^Krawm Juneau. Hainea. Skayuay.
[Cf yyy5?*a \\ ei,- A!3«ka-ll a. m '
\jr^ ~iZ9/ For Victoria. \"a.ncouv»r.
>gAlSc>^ Port Townsend. Ssartle. T 1 *-
coma tv^rett Whatcom— It a. m. Jan. 2rt. .11.
p?*-, cbang* at Seattle to this company 3
\ J *rJ'Lrh&~ (via P7tU»A» g !«.r.1
Redondo). San Dieiro and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
8tat» of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles ivla Pan Pedro and Ca?'.
can Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
ferey Slm^n Cayucos. Pert Hartord (3a^
Por^na^Ma^a,^ 1^, M
Cato. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*, .fanta H.,
Villa. Guayraas lllex.). 10 a. to.. »th o» each
J For further lnforinatlrn ebtaia folder.
Right Is rfserved to chanje steamers or »s.l-
' ' ni TXeKET OPPICES — ? New Montgom-
ery «ir~t (Palace Hot*!). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight offlc-e. 10 Market street.
C D Dl'NAXX. (leneral Passeng-r Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
Oregon ealls Jan. 2S. Feb. 7. 17. 27. March
9 19 and 20. S. S. Oregon la temporarily in
service instead cf th» Columbia. George W.
Elder sails Jan. 23, Feb. 2. 12. 22, March ?.
14 and 24. Ocly steamship Hn« to PORT-
LAND. OR., anti short rail line from Portland
to all po!nt» East. Through tickats to all
points. a!l rail or steamship and rail, at 1£>W-
EST RATES. S?t?amer tickets 1ih-1ti<!<» b-rth
', and meal*. Steamer *ai!s foot tf fpear »t. at
] 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTU. U-n. Aart. Paw. Dept..
1 Montgomery «t. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen. As*..
Freight Drpt. 3 Montgomery st.
AJTEEICAST I.INB.
Plymouth— Chsrtaoxir?: — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at Q:3o a. m.
St. Louis Feb. 6jSt. Paul Feb. 2f>
New Tork Feb. 13|phlI.Tielphla ..Feb. 27
AT1ASTIC ¦nUMSPOBT U3S.
New Yori — Lonaon Street.
MIr.nehahj Feb. «. 9 A. M.
! Minneapolis Feb. 13. 3 P. M.
iMe-aba F€b. 2«. 9 A. M.
IMlnnetonka Feb. 27. 2 P. M.
Only First-Class Passengers Carried.
DOmHIOB LINE.
I Portlana — lilverpool — Short sea passas-.
J Canada Feb. -iranada 34ai. VI
Dcmlnion Feb. 27! Vancouver Mar. OT
- HOUiAITD-AarERICA LINE.
Sew Twin-screvr Steamers of 12.5<V> Tor.s.
Srv Tor It — Botterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesday at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam Feb. 2;Statenilam . Feb. 2TI
tSloterdyk Feb 16i*Amster<iam ...Mar. 1
•Steerage only tFrelght only.
I EED STAB 3UINE. I
Saw York — Antwerp — Paris.
FirTM Feb. 6. 10:10 am..Krn'ld. Kt&K 10:30 am
Vad'.'d.Feb. 13. 10:30am: Z»«l'd. Fb27. 19:30 am.
WHITE STAB USE.
New Tork — Qawastown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Majestic. Feb 3. H> s»m!C»dric. .Feb. 24. 11 am
Oceanic .. Feb. 10. 1 pmjMaJestlc.Mar. 2. 10 am
Celtic. .Feb. 17. 6 are. Oceanic. .Mar.9, Noon
Boston— Qaeeartown — Liverpool.
CYetic Feb. 4. Mar. 3, Mar. SI
Cymric Feb. 13. Mar. 17. Apr. It
B0STO2T MXDXTEBBAZnBAJa' SXBVZCS.
Azores. Gibraltar. STaplvs. Genoa.
REPIBLIC (new) Feb. 13 Mar. S«
ROMANIC Feb. 27. Apr. 8. May 1«
CANOPIC Mar. U
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pactflc Coast.
*S1 Post *t.. San Francisco.
ivJ^ttjists. nAJ»tiu-ts." gmqaSu I
Ufti\P%^S Be AJLSXAWDPIA. ZCrVTWJ
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 1;
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 2fc
ROMANIC Feb. 27. Apl. ». May II
• Send for rates and Illustrated ¦bookltt.)
These steas>er» are the largest la the
Mediterranean »eTVlc«.
First class. $C3 upward.
Boston to LiYerpool
CRETIC Feb. 4. Mar. 3. Mar. 31
CYMRIC Feb. IS. Mar. 17. ApL It
First class. *60 and *63 upward, accord -
fnir t-5 steamer. For plans, etc.: address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-Sl State st..
Boeton. or to C. P. TAYLOR. Zl Post st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Pt-arr.ers will leave wharf, corner First arxl
Brannan streets, it 1 p. m., for TOKOHA1IA
and Honxkt-nr. callln* at Kob« (HScpj). Naga-
saki and fhanghal. and eonn«tin» at Hong-
kons with «teamers for India, etc. N© cargo
received on board on day of sailing.
- Via, Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany" s otSce. 423 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Ceaeral Agent.
oceMies.s.eo.s£H
«» c; a LA MED A. for nonolalu. Jan. SO. 11 a-ra.
8*. S. MAR1POSA. for Tahiti. F«b. 11. 11 a. in.
S. S. VESTL'KA. for Honolulu. Sacica. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Feb. 11. 2 p. m.
WttQa.SU brfalSL.Arli.I.fkftlL
ccx?a3sis asssaAL-: tkis3atli^t: jri
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. V»~-
nery Thur».:.i> msT^a ! of •g5f<|
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. irem Pi«» 42. -<^-3S^I-
Ncrth River, root ot Morten street.
First cla«s to HaTre. $10 and npwsrd. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $».". ar.d upward. CE.V-
ERAL AGENCY FOR L'NITrlD STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway i|la.!.vn CaUdln£>.
New Tcrk. J. F. FVGAZ1 * CO.. Pacific Coast
Aeents. 5 Mont£=mery avenue. Saa Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket .Ajrenr*. -
Maire Island and Valle jo Stearntrs.
Staaner GEN. FRISBU! or MONTICELLO —
»:45 a. m.. S:I5 and S:»> p. m.. except i*unday.
Sunday. B.43 a. m^. J*:3O p. m. Leave V*l!«io.
1 a.-.. n>.. 12:30 and 8 p. m.. «x. SanJJay. Hun-
day. 7 a. m., 4:13. p. m. Fare, SO e*n». TtL
Main l5t)S. Pier 2. Misslon-at. dock. UATCU
BROS.
Weefly.Gi $1.00 w -Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*5flSS Sarah MacCoinb, whose hair The above photograph cf Mis* France* Marie Miss May Dcasmore. =tw the longest-
touches the floorwhen she stands erect, 1^ ***** the world, says: "I have m«i
says: "My hair -would not reach below «lue«ng *»»'£- Th«* little girl has had Danderine your Danderine two years, and iny hair has
J ' J »wm.v» » . applied to her hair and scalp regularly trtr since _._,__ _„__ _.. ; l • t _u
my waist When I Commenced Using she was three months of ace. with ihe result that 6T° wn over *° mcn m length every month
— . . , ., • /> e -1 • *he now has the longest and most beautiful head since I commenced its use. It surely con-
Dandenne, and it is now over five feet of T ever pesested by a child of her afe . __ ™!ZmI Tl " ?£ y ?
in Wtrth" tljocfe at her beautiful Franeet Mariek the daughter «f Dr. E.W.K«wl- Ums . most remarkably - invigoraung quali-
m iengttt. ll/X>JC at ner DCauuiul discoverer of Danderine. otoGarfieUlboul.. tics." (Miss Densmore writes us under re-
- hair and judg 5 for yourself whether or g^j. J^^jy^ u h « H^fttS ~ nt ** ** *-*«** had made her hair
rot She got the wortn OI Her money.) enough to touch ihe floor when she staods eiect by grow three feet longer than it was naturally,
the time she is four years old. and is still growing.) '
$1.000 r.iSr. I IPRETTY SUBSTANTIAL! ¦1»*-.sk «««««.
i.^^.i.^'.w DDnnr nc mcditi
photograph* «»d testim©- inUUr Ul IfltKll I 7£%Z r ]Z2 £ K WffVTJ '.TLJ*W*Tirs[\ VT^m ,
ai*l» axe not absolutely ' - . .. mn —*m mat *r /Z^*|/<£^>£--- — Afr?
«*"""* I I IS IT NOT? SSiSZ -"*¦ dgwfr"**^*?'
FREE SSH
ta » ilT « ro ' stamna to pay postage. K OW at all drnssls In three sixes. 28c. 5Oc and £..OO V.-X XrtttAWASHINGTON, Jan. 27.—Postmas
ters commissioned:- California—-
Lewis F.' Franklin. Northfork; John T.
Stevenson, Peters.
California Postmaster Named.
Prospector Is Frozen to Death.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 27. — A spe
cial to the Post-Intelligencer from
Skagway says: The steamer Excelsior,
arriving at • Juneau to-day from the
westward, reports that W. D. Stevens.
a prospector, was frozen to death at
Yakataga Beach, January 18. John
son, chief of the Eagle Clan of the
Taku tribe, was drowned near. Kilis
noo, January -23. . * i. ; r
•This -week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. *
New Currency Law Passed.
MANILA, , Jan. 27.— The act for
maintaining the parity of the currency
has been passed. It provides for the
purchase of Mexican silver coin as bul
lion and imposes a tax on all contracts
made in debased currency after Oc
tober 1. 1904. .^
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27. — The Pres
ident has' appointed W. D. Martin to
succeed Mrs. Minnie Cox as postmas
ter at Indianola, Miss. This.post
office was closed some . time ago, the
white inhabitants of the place refus
ing to accept their mail from Mrs.
Cox, who is a negress. Martin, who is
a white man, was one of Mrs. Cox's
bondsmen.
Indian ola Incident Is Closed.
There is much in his Ithe President's) con
duct in these connections of which I disap
prove, which I regard as improvident and un
wise, as rash and dangerous- to the peace and
welfare of thin country, as rash to the tradi
tional policy of this Government in its deal
ings with other nation?, especially those on thU
hemisphere — and as not calculated to Rdvance
us in the nffectiona • and osteem of other na
tions. I do not think,, however, that every
thing the President did in this connection was
wrong. Frbm the bottom of my heart I would
be glad for the honor of my country If I
could reconcile all of bii acts in this conncc-i
Among the bills passed was one
granting to citizens of Porto Rico and
the Philippines the right^ to take ad
vantage of the naturalization laws of
this country, but Spooner moved to re
consider the vote, thus leaving the
question in dispute. The resolutions
to proceed with the investigation of
the charges against Reed Smoot were
passed.
In his speech in support of the Pan
ama treaty, Simmons said in reference
to this Government's part in the crea
tion and recognition of the Panama
republic:
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27. — The Sen
ate proceedings to-day included a
speech by Simmons in support of the
Panama canal treaty. Simmons was
the first Democratic Senator to favor
the measure on the floor of the Senate.
Simmons the First Democratic Sena
tor to Join Majority.
SUPPORTS CANAL TREATY.
HONOLULU, Jan. 27. — As a-_result
of the appeal of 'Attorney George A.
Davis to the Department of Justice In
Washington, United States Attorney R.
W. Breckons to-day received instruc
tions to file disbarment proceedings
in the court, here. United
States District Judge Dole will hear
the charges against Davis.
The Territorial Supreme Court dis
barred Davis and former Judge A. S.
Humphreys last August for their con
nection with the case of John Sum
mers. Both • attorneys represented
Summers, an aged capitalist,- who was
endeavoring to protect his estate from
relatives. Through litigation most of
Summers* fortune was absorbed by at
torneys* fees. • l-y.
Davis went to Washington to appeal
from the decision of the Territorial
court. . Osh''J'& •. ". "'.!--¦"
Judge Dole Will Hear the Charges
Against the Disbarred Hono
lulu Attorney.
GOVERNMENT GRANTS
DAVIS A NEW TRIAL
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— President
Roosevelt transmitted to the House
to-day the,, preliminary report of the
Alaska Salmon Commission, made to
Secre'tary Cortelyou. ¦ The commis
sion, composed of David Starr Jordan
and Barton W.Everman, was appoint
ed by Fish Commissioner Bowers dur
ing the latter part of 1902 to. inquire
into the condition and needs of the
salmon fisheries of Alaska. The most
important recommendations contain
ed in the report, are: v The immediate
establishment of Government fish
hatcheries and the placing of the sal
mon fisheries and all other matters
pertaining to the fisheries of Alaska
under the immediate direction of
trained men under control of the Bu
reau of Fisheries- . " . . ) ',
Alaskan Commissioners Recommend
That Hatcheries -Be' Placed in
Control of Trained Men.
PLANNING FOR CARE
OF NORTHERN FISHERIES
. WASHINGTON, Jan. 27. — The Sen
ate Committee, on Foreign Relations
to-day took action on the Panama
canal treaty, which in effect rescinds
its former adoption of amendments.
Senator Cullom, chairman of. the com
mittee, was authorized to report a dis
agreement on the amendments already
reported, which action is equivalent
to reporting the treaty in its original
form. This course is in accordance'
with a decision reached by the Re
publican Senators not to permit any
amendment, .as the PanamaTrepublic
has assured ' the State Department
that it will permit the harbor im
provements and sanitary regulations
desired.
It is believed the canal treaty will
be ratified by the Senate without
amendment of any character.
Agreement With Panama Will Be
Passed In Original Form.
TREATY' NOT TO BE AMENDED.
CHICAGO, Jan. 27. — Frank Jager,
president of the Model Gold Mining
Company, and his brother, John Ja
ger, were to-day held to the Federal
Grand Jury under bonds of $10,000
and $7500, respectively.
The Jager brothers are held on the
charge of using the mails to_ aid a
scheme to defraud. John Jager is
treasurer of the Model Gold Mining:
Company. Both were formerly con
nected with the Jager Oil Company
and several other mining corpora
tions.
Malls to Defraud Must Answer
to Courts.
Chicago Oil .Men Accnsed of Using
JAGER BROTHERS ARE
HELD UNDER BONDS
TUCSON. Ariz., Jan. 27.— On application th«
Territorial Bank Examiner In the United
fU«t«s Court to-daj. Fr<»d Herrcra, was ap
pointed receiver for th* National Bank of No
frale?, which njf cl'wd up two ¦«v<H>ks ago At
? h» time th? bank closed Its d«>no*its were
»aid"to cover ?200. 000.
WASHINGTON, Jan.. 27.— In the trial
of August W. Machen and others,
charged with conspiracy to defraud the
Government in connection with the sale
of Groff letter-box fasteners, the prose
cution to-day rested its case. To-day's
testimony was confined entirely to
Postoffice Inspector Mayer. .
Mayer, under continuous cross-exam
ination, declared that he made no prom
ise of immunity from prosecution to D.
B. Groff. Inspector Williams and In
spector Farrell detailed their conversa
tion in Toledo with Dr. and Mrs. Lorenz
prior to their arrest. From Mrs. Lorenz
they said they had secured a statement
that she never knew or heard of D.B.
Groff and she had received no checks
from him and had no knowledge of : her
husband receiving any. In answer to
various questions put to Dr. Lorenz
both inspectors stated that Dr. Lorenz
said:
"That is none of your business. That
is my personal affair, and I don't pro
pose to answer.", ; , ;
Postofliee Inspector Mayer Details
Conversation With Co-defendants,
Dr. and Mrs. Lorenz.
PROSECUTION" RESTS
IX TRIAL OF MACHEX
WASHINGTON. Jan. 27.— The
' President to-day sent to the Senate
the following nomination;?: Postmas
ters. California — Lucetta Wood, Point
Richmond. Idaho — John Harson,
"Hope.
Posunasters Nominated.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— Special
Agent Frank Mead will be sent to Ari
zona by tha Indian Office to investigate
the proposition to restore to the public
domain that portion of the twenty-five
miles square addition to the Navajo
reservation made in 1902. which lies to
the south of the Little Colorado River.
This "determination was reached after
a hearing before President Roosevelt at
the 'White "ouse to-day, at which were
also present Commissioner Jones of the
Indian Office; W. R. Johnson, a mis
sionary among the Navajoes, and three
of the prominent Indians of the tribe,
who oppose the recession of the land
to the United States, and Mr. Cornish,
one of the County Commissioners and
a representative of the cattle interests.
Some controversy has arisen between
the cattle interest and the Indians over
the straying of the cattle over that por
tion of the reservation referred to.
The cattle Interests are anxious to have
the land restored to the public domain.
The future action of the President will
be based on Agent Mead's report
Disputes Between Cattlemen and
Xavajo Tribe Causes Govern
ment to Investigate.
MAY RESTORE PORTION'
OF IXDIAX LANDS
BERLIN, Jan. 27. — Official advices
from Pwakopmund, dated yesterday.
6ay Okahandja reports that sixteen
persons have been murdered in that
district and that seventy are missing.
Sixteen Murdered by Natives.
FRIENDSHIP, Me., Jan. 27.— After
more than thirty years the mystery
surrounding the sudden and unexplain
ed disappearance of George Geyer, a
prosperous young man of this town,
has been partially cleared by the re
ceipt of a letter from George Gibson
of Penrose. Utah, announcing Geyer"s
death in California. The letter, which
.was received by Postmaster Collamore,
gave no details, merely saying that
George Geyer, formerly of Friendship,
Me., had recently died in California,
leaving considerable property and ask
ing if he had any relatives in Friend
ship. A brother and sister of Geyer
who live here and a brother in Somer
ville, Mass., have communicated with
Gibson. . „ ?
Soon after Geyer's disappearance
from Friendship in 1871 the mutilated
body of a man was found near the
town and the authorities and Geyer's
relatives decided that he had been mur
dered and that\the body was his.
Disappearance of Maine Man Thirty
Years Ago Is Cleared Up^by An
nouncement of His Death.
DEATH REVEALS FORTUNE
"AND EXPLAINS MYSTERY
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 27. — Command
er Booth-Tucker is in this city. He will
go from here to the northern part of.
the State, thence to the army colony in
Colorado. He 13 accompanied by three
members of the Salvation Army staff.
Booth-Tucker Visits Los Angeles.
Junta, Colo., 347 miles, was made in
eight hours. This is thirty-eight min
utes faster time than was made by the
Lowe special over the same division
last August. All this was through the
mountainous districts of New Mexico
and Colorado. On reaching the Kansas
prairies all previous records were left
behind. The train left La Junta at 2:30
o'clock and was due in Newton, Kans.,
at 9:40. A slight delay was encountered
at Dodge City, and it was 10:50 o'clock
before It left Newton. The run of 135
miles to Topeka was made in two hours
and forty-five minutes.
Local Santa Fe officials say all past
records will be broken, and that the run
from Albuquerque to Chicago will be
made in less than thirty hours.
i OL'ISVILLE, Ky., Jan. 27.— A man
giving the name of Harry Behr who
pays lie is from Memphis, was arrested
hew to-day on suspicion thru he was
connected with the murder of Miss
Sarah Schaefer, the teacher .at Bedford,
In«J. His clothing bore bloodstains and
hi? face had been scratched.
Behr was arrested at the home of
Uoger White, a negro. The detectives
claim the evidence is strong. Eehr's
•nlJar, vest and hat had bloodstains on
them, and there are fresh scratches
on his face. He says he received the
FTatches in the recent election fights.
Behr manifested an intense interest in
the Schaefer murder and it was his con
duct that caused the negro to inform
the officers. Behr told the negro and
hia wife t"_at the blood got on his
clothes from beating a woman. In his
T>9Cket papers containing- an account
of the Schaefer murder were found.
Yesterday he aroused from a sleep as
though in terror and when asked what
was the matter said he had murdered a
woman.
Louisville PoUce Seize a Man, Sus
pecting Him of Being Implicated
in Indiana Crime.
MAY HAVE MURDERER
OF MISS SCHAEFER
The first was based on an expenditure
of $34,000,000. and included provision for
one battleship, one armcrred cruiser,
three protected cruisers, four scout
cruisers, two squadron colliers and two
submarine boats. The second plan pro
vides for an expenditure of $30,000,000,
and is a duplicate of the first pro
gramme, with the elimination of two
of the scout cruisers. *
The Secretary recommended building
naval stations at Guantanamo, Cuba,
and Subig Bay, Philippine Islands. The
station in Cuba ultimately is to cost
$12,000,000, and the one in the Philip
pines $9,000,000. One million dollars is
asked this year for the Guantanamo
station' and a little less than that
amount for the one in the Philippines.
While nothing definite was decided
on, general discussion in committee
of a permanent naval programme re
veals a desire that the strength of the
navy by 1919 should be forty-eight bat
tleships and half that number of arm
ored cruisers, with auxiliary boats in
proportion.
WASHINGTON, Jan. • 27.— Secretary
Moody concluded his recommendations
to-day before the House Committee on
Naval Affairs. He presented two plans
proposed by the General Board of the
Navy as -the building plan for next
year.
Secretary Submits Two Detailed Plans
to Congress Involving Expendi
ture of Millions.
MOODY PROPOSES BIG
ADDITIONS TO NAVY
New Bill Provides for General In
crease of Civil War Allowances.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27. — Repre
sentative Sulloway of New Hamp
shire, chairman of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, to-day introduced a
d'stlhctly- service and age pension bill,
which will give to each soldier who
served ninety days and who has
reached the age of 62 years $8 per
month; 66 years, $10 per month, and
70 years, $12 per month. In addition
to the above rates his bill gives to
the men ivho served two years or
more an additional increase of two
dollars a month in each of the above
classes. The bill increases the mini
mum of pensions Allowed to $8 per
month, instead of $6, which will in
crease the pensions of 125,394 sol
diers who are now on the rolls' at
$6 a month. The bill further pro
vides that the pensions of widows
who were married to soldiers prior to
January 1. 1S70. and who are now on
the rolls drawing $8 shall be increased
to $12. Heretofore the law has been
that they could not get $12 unless
their husbands died of disease con
tracted in the service. This bill will
give an increase to the men who
served ninety days and increases for
the men who fought through the en
tire war, and also increases the pen
sions of the widows who married the
soldiers during or immediately fol
lowing the war.
ADDITIOXS TO PEXSIOXS. .
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
*.V.. WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— A bill
passed the Senate to-day providing for
the coinage of nickels and pennies at
the San Francisco Mint. The bill was
introduced by Senator Perkins in No
vember and was recently reported fa
vorably. A similar bill has been before
the Senate for the last two sessions,
but never before got a favorable report.
If it becomes a law It will add a larse
number to the list of Mint employes
ar.d will probably add greatly to the
circulation of pennies in California.
Senator Bard to-day reported from
? hr Committee on Public Lands a bill
providing for the purchase of the Cala
ve*as big trees. Similar bills are now
before both houses and it is up to the
respective delegations to get it through
in advance of the other. Considerable
opposition is already hinted at in the
Fecate, it being known that Senator
Berry of Arkansas is against it as a
general proposition. Senators Clapp
and' Xelson of Minnesota are against
i*. Ijecause it provides for condemnation
which compels the owner to accept a
price placed upon his property by oth
frs. The objection is in the interest
of owner Whiteside of Duluth. Cali
fornia Senators are hopeful that White
r;ae will effect a deal with the Govern-
Jnent and avoid condemnation proceed
i::g?.
Social Dispatch to Tfc» Call
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27.— William H.
Taft, the former Governor of the Phil
ippines and new Secretary of War, ar
rived here at 5:45 o'clock this afternoon.
He was enthusiastically by a
large crowd at, the' station. Lieutenant
General Adna R. Chaffee, chief- of staff
of the United States army; Assistant
Secretary of War Oliver and Colonel
Clarence Edwards, chief of the division
of Insular affairs, formally greeted the
new head of the War Department. Gov
ernor Taft was escorted down the long
train sheds by GeneVal Chaffee and As
sistant Secretary Oliver, and after they
reached the gates and passed through
a lane formed there was . a prolonged
outburst of cheering 1 , which was re
reated vociferously by the crowd gath
ered outside. Governor Taft, with Gen
eral Chaffee and Colonel Edwards,
both in full uniform, entered one car
riage and General Oliver followed in
another, and, led by Troop E, Fifteenth
Cavalry, from. Fort Myer.whlch had
been drawn ud in the plaza in front of
the station, they were rapidly driven
to the War Department, where Secre
tary Root formally welcomed his suc
cessor. From there the new Secretary
was driven to the Arlington Hotel,
where apartments had been reserved.
Governor Taft looked the picture of
health. He said he had a splendid trip
and -was in excellent health. Mrs. Taft
and their children did not accompany
the Governor, but will remain In Cali
fornia for an indefinite time. ¦
NEW ,Y0RK, Jan. 27.— Mrs. Charles
Walter Clark of San Mateo, Cal.,'
daughter-in-law I of , Senator Clark of
Montana, died in this/ city to-night.
Mrs. Clark had been under ' medical
treatment for about six weeks, but was
not believed to be critically ill until
Monday, when her sickness took a
dangerous turn, and her husband and
other members of her family were
summoned to her bedside.
Charles W. Clark is on the way from
Arizona, and is expected to /each this
city on Friday 'morning.- Mrs. M. I*
Cunningham, Mj^. Clark's mother, will
reach this city to-morrow, and other
members of the family are on their
way hither.
The funeral will take place on Sun
day, either from the residence of Sena
tor Clark or from St. Thomas Church,
and the interment' will be in Senator
Clark's mausoleum in Woodlawn Cem
etery.
Mrs. Clark was married j June ' 30,
1896, at Butte, Mont. There has been
no issue of the .union. * *— • -¦.
Ear.ly this 'evening, when told there
was no '.hope for his daughter-in-law,
tearS" N streamed down the ' cheeks ' of
Senator Clark as he said with a quiv
ering voice:
"God. grant, that she may live until
Charles reaches her side. My boy. will
send his special as fast as the engine
driver can take her."
TOPEKA, Kans.. Jan. 27.— A Santa
Fe special train is rushing eastward
from Jerome, Ariz., with the son of
Senator "Clark of Montana - aboard.
Clark is making every effort to reach
the bedside of his dying wife in New
York. The hope of the Santa Fe is to
make Chicago at noon on Thursday.
At Albuquerque, . N. M., Clark char
tered the special train in order to con
nect with the Twentieth Century Lim
ited, on the Lake Shore for New York.
The special was composed of" engine,
private car and coach, and left Albu
querque at 5:45 o'clock this morning.
It is expected that the run of 1377 miles
from Albuquerque to Chicago will be
made in twenty-nine and a half hours,
which is seven and a half hours faster
than the time of the Santa Fe's east
bound California Limited between th^
same points, and about three hours
quicker than the time of the westbound
Lowe special last August.
Clark is unaware that his wife is
dead. An effort was made here to give
him the dispatch announcing her death,
but the train rushed through Topeka at
the rate of forty miles an hour. No
stops will be made until Kansas City is
reached. The Santa Fe had special en
gines ready at all important stations
between here and Newton to be used in
case of accident. None were needed, as
no stops were made except at a small
station for water after Emporia was
passed.
The run from Albuquerque to La
Special Dispatch to Th» CaJl.
3fcasure Designates a 3Iethod
for the Purchase of the
Sequoia Grove in Calaveras
Special Train Carrying the
Montana Senator's Son Is
to 3fake a Sensational Run
Root Formally Receives His
Successor at White House
Directly After His Arrival
"I do not claim to have been the
original Roosevelt man." said Landis.
"Years ago I antagonized him and his
ideas and it came to be a habit with
me to say harsh things about him. In
my own newspaper I said he was a
sham reformer and pretender. But I
have changed my mind with reference
ta Theodore Roosevelt, as hatfe millions
of others of his countrymen." .
Reviewing the voting qualifications
imposed by constitutional action in
Southern States, Hardwick said it was
not believed by Southern lawyers of
ability that any of these qualifications
was in conflict with the fifteenth
amendment. He said the negro could
no longer stand on his merits as a citi
zen. There never had been any dis
position in the South to deprive the
negro of his civil rights, the right to
earn a living and the right of protec
tion to life and property. There could
not be political equity, he added. He
quoted statistics and said It was shown
that as illiteracy decreased among the
race criminality increased, from which
he deduced thaj education had been
detrimental rather than beneficial to
the negro.
Calling attention to the laws of a
number of States, including Ohio, Ver
mont, Massachusetts, Maine, Oregon.
California, Wyoming and Idaho, he said
that if the representation of the South
ern States were to be reduced because
of the voting qualifications imposed
the representation of the States named
would have to be reduced for the same
reason.
PLIGHT OP THE DEMOCRACY.
Landis of Indiana said -the Demo
cratic narty was in the midst of de
moralization and humiliation, that it
was without a leader, while the Re
publican party stood with its face to
the future, more hopeful than ever.
The Republicans, declared Landis,
would go into the battle on the party's
record. He called attention to the pros
perous condition of the Southern States
and, replying to a question by Livings
ton of Georgia, he said the Democratic
States, were prosperous in spite of
themselves.
RIGHTS OF THE XEGRO.
'"It should be remembered that if
one man more than any other
was conspicuous in further promot
ing the financial policy of Grover
Cleveland it was John Pierpont Mor
gan, a man who has sunk from the
condition of adviser of Presidents and
inventor of financial legislation to the
level of a man with a gold brick to
sell or a confidence man with three
cunning little shells at a county fair."
Hardwick of Georgia, speaking on the
race problem, rejoiced at the happy
relations now existing between the
North and South. He said the South
yielded to no section In loyalty, and in
that spirit he invoked consideration of
the question. The negroes, he said,
constituted about S6 per cent of the
voting population in eleven of the
Southern States.
SCOKES PIERPOXT MORGAN.
Cochran of Missouri, replying to
Burkett, paid his respects to J. Pier
pont Morgan. The financial policy in
augurated by President Cleveland, he
said, emanated from no political party,
but from a coterie of gentlemen who
then and since then had been the ad
visers of Presidents, and who had by
their vicious financial legislation
brought upon this great continent the
desolation of a desert and had now fol
lowed it up by plundering every man
of small means and every small inves
tor in their neighborhood.
When the House went into commit
tee of the whole on the urgent de
ficiency bill, Burkett of Nebraska,
speaking on party issues, said the
Democrats would not know whether
they would talk free silver or the gold
standard until after their convention
at St. Louis and they learned who was
to control the party — the gentleman
from Nebraska or the reorganizers.
the race problem. Discussion of fly
ing machines was precipitated by the
report of the Appropriations Commit
tee, which recommended the tabling
of a resolution calling upon the Secre
tary of War for information as to ex
penditures that have been made with
flying machine tests. Hitchcock
(Democrat) of Nebraska, author of
the resolution, and Robinson (Demo
crat) of Indiana spoke in opposition
to the resolution. The resolution was
tabled.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 27. — General
debate in the House on the urgent de
ficiency bill digressed to a discussion
of political topics, the race question
and aerial navigation.
Burkett of Nebraska led off with a
discussion of the political situation
from a Republican standpoint and
Cochran of Missouri spoke for the
Democrats. Hardwick (Democrat) of
Georgia made an extended address on
Simmons also announced his inten
tion to vote for the various resolutions
of inquiry and closed with the expres
sion of a desire that Colombia might
be compensated for her loss.
Simmons said he believed that the
President and the Secretary of State
should be relieved of all charge of
complicity in the Panama revolt, and
announced his belief that the change
of recommendation by the Isthmian
Canal Commission from the Nicara
guan to the Panama route had been
the result of honest conviction. He
also accepted the Spooner act as a de
liberate pronouncement by Congress in
favor of Panama and a direction to
the President to construct the canal by
that route "if posible to acquire the
title in a reasonable time."
Interpreting the phrase "reasonable
time" on broad principles, he did not
believe that there was any lapse of
reasonable time which would have
made it the President's duty to turn
to the alternative route designated in
the statutes. He continued:
I Join my colleagues on this side of the cham
ber in condemning whatever wrong the Presi
dent and the administration have done In con
nection with brining about the independence of
Panama, but in my vote on the treaty I pur
pose to recognize and act on the fact that
Panama is an independent .state, possessed of
equal rights and powers to make this treaty
as we ourselves posseBs. not only with our con
sent, but with the practically unanimous con
tent of all civilized nations of the world.
tlon with my notions of right and law. but I
cannot and be honest with myself. I am
bound to say (and 1 have no pleasure In say
ing It) that the course of the President, both
In connection with the revolution In Panama
and the recognition of its independence, was,
to say the least, hasty, rash and dangerous to
the peace and welfare of this country, and jus
tifies the feeling of many of his political
friendP. as well as his political opponents, that
he lacks that conservatism which considera
tions of national stability and safety make
necessary and desirable in the chief executive
of the nation.
YOUNG WIFE PASSES AWAY
CHEERS FOR THE GOVERNOR
BIG TREES BILL FAVORED
Senate Passes Act Providing
4 for Big Order of Nickels and
Pennies at San Francisco
Charles Clark's Record-Break
ing Trip From Arizona
to New York Will Be' Futile
Representative Cochran of Missouri Likens
the Great Financier to the Shetland Pea
Man Who Infests the Country Fairs
New Secretary of War Shown
Many Honors on His Ap
pearance at Nation's Capital
MORE COINING
AT LOCAL MINT
LOSES THE RACE
AGAINST DEATH
TAFT WELCOMED
AT WASHINGTON
PIERPONT MORGAN THE SUBJECT
OF AN ATTACK IN THE HOUSE
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALLy THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1904.
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _.
MARVELOUS
SUCCESS
The astonishing low prices at which we are selling
high-grade shoes has had the desired effect. The
thousands who have purchased are telling their friends
of the wonderful bargains, and the sale is becoming
more and more popular every day.
P.F.NOLAN
PRESIDENT OF NOLAN BROS. SHOE CO. IS£
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
And the entire stock of $300,000 worth of shoes
must be closed out regardless of cost.
The odda and ends are for sale, of course, almost
given 'away, but every regular line in % our entire
stock, containing
ALL SIZES AND ALL WIDTHS
Must be closed oat also, and customers are getting
one-half more for their money than any other store
( con offer.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES
NOLAN BROS.
PHELAN BUILDING 8 a««8SKE88SS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Thursday, 2S January, 1904.
A magnificent
hall table
No carving, no' orna-
mentation, but exceedingly
rich and graceful. Measures
43 . inches long, 18 inches
wide and 32 inches high.
. Contains a drawer almost
full length, besides the shelf
below.* You can have it, in
weathered oak at $37.50 or
in mahogany at $50.
1 Less expensive hall
tables, of course, and also
' - - reception chairs, settees,
hanging mirrprs, hall racks,
. clocks, etc.
Quaint Venetian and
Moorish' "hanging., lanterns
add immensely to the effect
of an Oriental den. Quite
a number, have just been
hung in the drapery depart-
menV and according to the
price tickets they are very
reasonable. One pattern is
marked $6.00.
261 to 281 Geary Street
At; Un ion Square .
Electro-Chemistry Cures
Old and Young
*:¦:...¦:¦ ¦¦ .»¦.¦¦¦¦: ¦ .¦ ¦¦ ¦. ¦ ¦¦.¦¦:¦.¦¦. .-..-.;. ..... . -:¦ '*%
:>:¦¦¦:¦¦ , t • JHS^ x * ¦ ¦'*¦ ¦ ' •¦ : "VVBB >¦'•.¦¦<
MISS S. V. TATLOB, V
2016 Pacific Ave.. Alameda, Cal.
"For many years I had suffered from
catarrh, deafness and ringing ears. I
think I have used every known treat-
ment. I even tried artificial ear drums
for my deafness. Nothing helped me
until I took up the Electro-Chemio
treatment. That has helped me from the
start. It not only has shown Its cura-
tive effect on my catarrh and deafness,
but my genaral health and strength have
also been built up by it.
"To those advancing in years I am
sure there is no treatment in the world
equal to Electro-Chemistry."
(Signed) V MISS S. N. TAYLOR.
• 2016 Pacific Ave., Alameda. Cal.
MISS 7Z.OBA VOK.
* PACIFIC GROVE. CALIFORNIA.
Cu-ed of Deafness. Catarrh and Ringing
Ears by Electro-Chemistry
CONSULTATION f* y^ « jr*
amd rl\ bb
EXAMINATION * *V f^f. *~*
Specialties — Consumption. Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Asthma. Cancers. Tumors.
Deafness. Head and Ear XToises. Rheu-
matism, Paralysis. Neuralgia, Piles.
Diseases of the Stomach, Zilver, Kidneys
and Bowels, Special Diseases of Kea and
Women. . All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT- If you live at a dis-
tance try to come for a personal examination.
If • you can't com*, write for ¦ instructions for
Jhome examination and treatment.
ELECTRO'CBEic INSTITUTE,
118 GHA2TT ATE., Cor. Post.
SAN rKANCISCO.
Office Hours — 0 a. m. to 5 p. m. and T to I
p. ro. dally. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. -
Separate apartments for ladies and gentle*
mta.
. ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I
Th;f rrice is a specially liberal effer en
this handsome
DRESSING TABLE
Oiine* in Birdseye Maple and Golden Oak.
Has fine, rlear French plate beveled mlr-
roi. and is «n *xc*HvlingIy ornamental a»
¦»»•;! «¦ useful iiicce of furniture. Call
trA F»e our lines of Trunks and Leather
Coo<5«, all n«>w and high class. * ,
A. B. SMITH CO.
128-132 Eilis Street, Above Powell
pax rrtANcnsco.
(j visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat^
$HUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
j, *^T "'*"' *-*'{"*' Asfttemica! Museum in the \
fj mJIV. Wc.r d MuJncntt or anr comractrd Q
• r*S S3J «"--«»»»• |M>iil>«l 7 rar*ih; tb*- cidtst T
fESMgl 5>pec*!:u e« the CciM. E»t. 36 yttJi. O
A fl|3£» 6 D 3- JORDAN-DISEASES OF flEH 6
V h i£?*r*ll rn ~ m *~ l p»r 4 onaliy or by Irtirr. A D
T B If M II F**i&** ftri in ercry cam undertaken. T
b V II II tr v- r '« fof Book. rBii.otvrRV *t A
V • ![ II* Btnauci, mailed fjcbs. Cat
A ii (J- «'<«ble book lor mt-n) \
¥ Da JOBDAX 4tO.. I0SI MarketSt.8. F. Y
¦ -^ . .
vSdSS^gjf MENANDWOMEH.
«£**5^lX1IEb^Sg| Cue Big « for onn»tur»i
/rjif to * to * *»y»-^3 <5'»cb».riteB.infl»nun»tionf.
ffSFm OBsruteed OT irrititioDt or ulceratioai
R**Jy ""« rirletirt. of mucous niembrmet.
tTL Tf Trmv* i—iMwi*: Pain'.eii. and «ot attriB*
[fT^VXEfcUKSCHtyiCilCa. r-nt or poiM>nou».
WSfflL ClICKrUTI.e.Kaa Seld by DranHU.
\':^V C.8.A. 3SBT or «ent ia plain wr»pp«*,
*CHBSfc^—^^WiSH *>T cxpreu, prepaid, tor
\w£ 7- "SagTH tl.OO. or3bottlr8»2.75.
¦ I* t Clrculu" »<ct ca wiert.| OAKLAND, Jan. 27.-T-J. D. Dally,
charged' with embezzlement- by J. R.
Montgomery, a .former- partner inithe
Cajif ornia Scale Company, was dis
missed to-day in the police court.
Accused Partner Goes Free.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27. — A petition re
questing Mayor Olney to veto the gar
bage ordinance has been sent to the
Mayor after being signed by School
Director C. H. Ttedington, the Rev. J.
B. McNally and other residents of
West Oakland.
Protest Against Crematory.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27. — The Board of
Trade has invited. the members of the
Board of P.ublic Works, the City Coun
cil and -the .Board of Supervisors .to 'tie
its guests in a trip to Los, Angeles,
which will be made on February 8.
Public Officials to Be Guests.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27. — The funeral
of Jockey John Woods was held to
day from the undertaking parlors of
James McManus. The pall-bearers
were Jockeys Jack Martin. John Da
ley, Frank Kelley, C.' Kelley, Ike'Ful
lett and Tom Butler.' Interment was
in St. Mary's Cemetery. V':.;";;
Funeral of Jockey Woods.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27.— The suit for
damages brought by young Bertz,* the
machinist, against the Sunset SJele
phone Ompany for injuries receWd,
from stepping oh one of the,company s
wires has been compromised for $500.
Bertz was injured the j same night
Clarke Yerrick met his death. The wire
lay across the sidewalk and caused the
death of Yerrick, but Bertz recovered. :
Compromise Suit.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27. — By a deed
filed for record to-day from C. W.
Clarke and Philomen Clarke to the
Suburban Company, believed to be a
part of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany, the Suburban Company obtains
possession of about 7000 acres of
watershed near Livermore, in Murray
Township. The price mentioned is
nominal.
Buys Up Watershed.
Clarence Crowell Is Associated With
George W. Heed to Handle the
Official'* Legal Business.
OAKLAND. Jan. 27.— Clarence Crow
ell, one of the prominent young attor
neys of this city, and chairman of the
Republican County /Central Committee,
has been associated with George W.
Reed as counsel for George Gray, th»
Public .Administrator. The office will
be moved to 957 Broad way, where aro
located Mr. Crowell's offices. Arrange
ments were completed to-day between
Gray and the attorneys concerning the
handling of the legal business. ''
WILL ASSIST THE
PUBLIC- ADMINISTRATOR
Gertrude Goewey Havens made
upon her deathbed a will leaving her
entire fortunes-valued at about $30,
000/ to her- newly born son. Mrs.
Havens died in Berkeley last June,
but her will was only filed to-day by
her husband, John T. Havens. To him
is left the care of the child and the
custody of his fortune. He is given
entire control of the property, which
is to be husbanded for the benefit of
the child until he is 30 years of age,
unless the father sees fit to relinquish
his "charge sooner.
The child to whom the mother gave
her all was yet unnamed whe^n she
died. The weakness of death was
upon her when she signed the will
making provision for his future and
she was only able to make a mark
upon the paper. The mark was wit
nessed by Ethel Sherman and'Eliza
beth M. Cole. It gave to the dying
woman's heir stock in the Goewey
Estate Company of San Francisco
valued at $25,000; household goods
and furniture, $1000;' jewelry, $1500;
stock in the .Pacific Gas and Improve
ment Company, $2000, and $125 cash
in bank.
Oakland Ofnce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 27,
Jail bars have no terrors for David
Williams and Pearl James, the youth
ful burglars who ( escaped from the
Niles calaboose Monday . night, were
recaptured yesterday and this morning
had worked their way out of a cell in
the Centerville lockup. The pair had
a neatly planned scheme to escape
again foiled by the unexpected appear
ance of Deputy District Attorney A.
P. Leach at the jail in company with
Constable Roderick.
James and Williams were taken to
the Centerville jail last night from this
city. Before morning the boys had cut
their way out of the cell and Into the
corridor, but the large outside door
blocked them. \ Leach,' who had gone
to Centerville to conduct the boys'' pre
liminary examination, went to the lock
up with Roderick.
As the visitor entered the jail h£
saw James standing on one side of the
door and Williams on the other side,
ready to jump for freedom. [, But the
unexpected appearance of the two 'men
disconcerted the beys. Roderick had
his wily guests handcuffed, and on the
way to court before they had recov
ered from their surprise. The constable
declares that If he had gone^to the Jail
alone he would have been attacked by
the * half-freed youths. Justice Sand
holdt held the boys for trial on charges
of burglary.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 27.
Will of Gertrude Goewey Hav
ens Devises All- She Possessed
to Child That Survives Her
Youthful Burglars Cut Their
Way Out of a Cell, but Arc
Blocked at Large Front Door
FORTUNE LEFT
TO INFANT SON
REPEAT EFFORT
TO BREAK JAIL
At the time the oil exploded Gore was
kneeling down and looking into the
f urnac*. In attempting to light it the
flames shot out before he could step
bark, resulting In his injury. The
burner is a crude affair that is dan
gerous to be handled, even by an expe
rienced man.
.BERKELEY. Jan. 27.— Too much oil
put into a home-made furnace over
flowed and exploded this afternoon at
the, Troy laundry. tl*e .'ash severely
burning Benjamin Gore, the fireman
¦w. rking o. the side of the machine.
One *id<= of Gor*-> face was pat<*n away
by the burning «>il and he was picked
up in an unconscious condition by the
other employes of the place. For
awhile it was thought that tie had lost
his eyesight, but the physician who at
tended him said he would not suffer
to that extent.
Bonjamin Ciorc Rocoivos Severe Burns
About the Ffcioc lYom the Fiery
Fluid.
OIJ, KXPIX)I>i:S WHILE
MAN LIGHTS FIKNACE
OAKLAND, Jan. 27. — "Als Ich Wie
derkam ("As I Returned"), a German
comedy in three actK. will be present
ed by the Alameda Lustspiel Ensem
ble 4n the Macdonough Theater
Thursday evening for the benefit of
the German charitable societies of this
city and Alameda. Included in the
ensemble is some of the cleverest ama
teur histrionic talent to be found in
the cities about the bay.
"As I Returned" is a sequel to the
comedy. "At the White Horse Tav
ern." It abounds with humorous sit
.uations that afford the players num
erous opportunities for producing the
laugh that is conducive to the increase
of adluo'se. Josephine Lafontaine-
Neckhaus will portray the leading
character in the comedy, Josepha
Voglhuber, and Adoloh Schubert will
appear in the part of Wilhelm Gie
sceke, the Berlin merchant. The play
is to be rendered in the German
tongue.
In the cast of "Als Ich Wiederkam"
are Adolph Schubert, Max Horwin
ski Jr., Frieda Shanley, Martha Plum
hof, Theodore Saling, Richard Lenz,
Josephine Lafontaine-Xeckhaus, Jo
hanne Strauss, Dorothea Mohns, Jo
hanne A. Strauss, Carl Meier, Franz
von Berckefeldt, Charlotte Schwerin,
Bruno Burkhardt, Josephine Schwer
in* Frieda Schubert, Albert Kaehler,
Emllie Kaehler, Edward Horwinski.
Gertrude Saling, August Scheurmann.
Conrad Roth, Josef Topfack, Elsa
Kuhne. Edward Krukebergr, Heinrich
Horst and Bruno Roebke. s
OAKLAND YOUNG WOMEN WHO ARE IN CAST OF. "ALS ICH WIED
ERKAM." TO BE GIVEN BY ALAMEDA LUSTPIEL ENSEMBLE
"THIS EVENING AT THE MACDONOUGH THEATER.
Profesxor E. E. Goode.ll. Instructor of man
ual training In the school department, has been
nimmonr4 to Ba-v " by reason of the serious
illness of his father. He expect* to be ab
sent from Alameda for three months.
Mrs. Emma Rathgeb will entertain at her
residence. 2583 San Antonio avenue, Friday
evening.' in honor of thoee who took part In
the last Shakespearian programme rendered at
the Adelphlan Club. One of the features of
the evening will be a monologue by Mr*. Ida
Mansfield Wilson, who. in the character of
Katharine, will accuse Petruchlo with flirting
with a number of the heroines created by the
bard of Avon. ¦¦ . "...¦
ALAMEDA, Jan. 27.— At a "heart" party
held this evening at the. home of Mrs. Mary
G. Cowln. 924 I'nlon street, the. hostess an
nounced the engagement of her daughter. Miss
Mary Evelyn Cowing to Robert B. Val-
Ifau. Seventy-five guests were present to hear
the happy sequel of the courtship of the two
young people, both of whom are. widely known
and popular In local Bocial circles. The date
for the wedding has not yet 1>een selected.
Miss M. J. Smith, organist of the First Meth
odist Episcopal Church, will leave In a few
d»ys for Los Angeles on a vacation. During
her absence David Dickie will act as organist
and choirmaster.
The Ladies' Aid Society of the English IjU
theran church will give a musical and liter
ary *ntertainrnent at the church to-morrow
evening for the benefit of the organ fund. A
pleasing fe&tur* will be some *tereoptlcon
scenes — views of the Civil War — exhibited by
Frank E. Dover, a G. A. n. veteran. Mrs. C.
Kurtz ic chairman of the committee of ar
rangement!-, assisted by Mrs. John C. Walling
and Mrs. A. E. Fox.
MifKes Certha and May Young, entertained a
half dozen guests quite lnformaily at luncheon
to-dar. all with the exception of Mrs. Pease
having enjoyed a few months toeetner at
Honolulu recently. Those present were Mrs.
Henry B. McFar'.ane. and Mrs. William T.
Dutton of Honolulu, Miss Anita Ollver/""MlFS
Marietta Haven*. Mr*. Charles • Elston of
Berkeley and Mrs. J. I<cran Pease.
To-morrow evening Mr. and Mrs. A. A.
Moore Jr. will entertain the bridul uarty at
dlpner. the guests ¦ Including Mica Moorel*n«i
Mr. Valentine. Miss Ethel Moor*. MIm Marlon
GoodfMIow. Miss Marlon Smith. Miss Ethel
Valentine. Mis» Florence White. Miss Isabelle
Hooper. Miss Edna Barry. Mlfs Anita Oliver
and Messrs. Hugh Goodfellow. Fred Dieck
matMi. Stanley Moore, Arthur Goodfellow. Ed
ward Hume, Jam»p Kenna and Philip Clay#
8<>ciety on both Ei<3«-t< of the bay is greatly
Interested in. the approaching; marriage of
John J. Valentin* and Miss Jacqueline Moore.
The wedding will take place next Saturday at
3 o'cJodr and about WJ invitations have been
extended, for the ceremony at the Church of
the Advent. A pretty sentiment had much to
do with the election of the little East Oakland
church. There it wa* that the bride was
baptized and there every M.lck and stcna
speaks lovingly of th» late J. J. Valentine, the
groom's father. *!iwe g-enerrnlfy did much to
add to the attractiveness of the edifice. Bishop
Nichols win officiate at (h« wedding und will
be assisted by the Rev. William t'arscn Shaw.
Kirs Jacqueline Moore were the ecru lace
lined with yellow i>llk that \* so becoming
and Ml«« Edna Barry, another bride-to-be and
one of M!*s Moore"? hrldesmaids, was in white.
MIfs Eleanor Eckert of San Francisco waF
charming tn pink and white. Mlsn Florenct
White, who always* dreweg in excellent ta*te,
were a beautiful gown of whit? point d'esprlt.
Mi5s May Coogan and Mlso Jean Downey both
wore pretty eowns of pink chiffon.
The *upr>er wa« quite an elaborate affair,
the Oriental idea being carried out even in the
dlsher rerved. The Ice cream was molded to
rcpr»»r-nt tiny Jar>anes<? figures.
About sixty young people cf the smart set
enjeyed the evening and no assembly ha«
brought out more pretty gowns. Miss Laura
Fanbcrn was a irueft. in a dainty white chif
fon with a touch of blw. Mly« Uucretia
Hurnham wore a very becoming white cr«p« de
chine with pearl rarniture. Misn Muriel
Hteele was a beautiful picture Jn wllFle and
MIfi« Anita Oliver were an exquisite gown of
fhirron.
The lavender crepe tie chine, trimmed with
tiny rc«»eliu<ls, worn by Miss Marlon Smith
wop much a£mlred. Mls» Ada Kenna was
¦•ftunnlnK" in an all-white gown and dainty
Helen Chase was bewitching in a pink ccs
trrae.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27. — The reception and
dam* pivrn by Mrs. W. B. Goodfellow last
eventng In honor of her daughter's return from
the Orient and as a compliment to Miss
Jacqueline Moore was a very charming; affair.
¦Mis* G'KyJfellow is to he first bridesmaid at
Miss Monrt-'u wedding, which will take place
Saturday afternoon, so laFt nUtht was the las-t
large affair al which the brid€ to-be will ap
pear l>ffoie her marriag-e. The decorations
were unusually elaborate and rtriklnfr, Beul
r«n;er's artistic hand beinr evident through
out. SucKf^ions of Miss Goodfcllow'p recent
visit to .!;.;¦ :ci and of Miss Moore's approach
ing nuptiale. were Introduced with unique ef
fect. In the doorway of the conservatory a
srr«at r.-eddingr bell of pink and white carna
tion* were held In p!a v with streamers of pink
tulle. The billiard wora downstairs was ar
ranged for dancing, and here bamboo, wood
¦vvarrtsa ferns and smllas formed a plfaslne
background for the doztns of Japanese lan
terrs. whirh were lighted with Incandescent
b'.r.bs. The large bay-window, curtained off
trith pmilax. was converted Into a coev corner.
Illuminated with rone-shaded electric HehtF.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The Cooks' and Waiters' Union has
appointed the following executive
board to act in conjunction with the
executive committee of the Bartend
ers* iJn'on: J* Briggs. M. Grego
vlch. A. F. Mede. E. Warnock.
M. L. Oberlies, J. Bacci. F. Overton
and J. Dek^rmerk. The union also
appointed the following committee to
revise the constitution and by-laws:
F. Overton. E. Warnock, J. Kergin
han. G. Ki'hl and G. Fintiman.
The now charter for Alameda Coun
ty Branch No. 1 of the Cement Work
ers has arrived, and the local union
viU hereafter be known as Local
Union No. 1? of the American Broth
erhood of Cement Workers.
Organizing <orr.mittee — F. M.
Douer. J. Arlett F. E. Fiandt, P. H.
Spencer, C. Flanagan; law and legis
lation committee — W. E. Scully. T. M.
Latimer. J. T. Reams, X. S. Clark, J.
H. Monihan; trustees — E. H. Heath
erington. C. Carlson. J. E. Fiandt, P.
H. Spencer and J. Sco^t.
Executive and Orjrnnirinjr Committw;
ApjHifnled — Alamctla County Ce
ment Workers Get Charter.
O.\KLA.VD. J;m. 27. — The Building
Trades Council has elected the fol
lowinp officers for the ensuing year:
President. J. P. Kurk: vice president,
A. Baylies; recording secretary, F. H.
PraJt: financial secretary. J- T.
Keartis; treasurer, 11. J. Edwards;
pergeant-at-arms. Morris Hcanlon;
business r.gem. J. B. Bower..
After the election the following
• onimiltees were appointed:
Executive committee — Bricklayers'
Union. William J. Baotus: Carpet Me
chanics. J. Young; Cement Workers'
1'nion. T. Risdon; House Movers'
Union. P. H. Spencer; Laborers"
Union. M. Scanlon; Lathers' Union. T.
NVsvrome; Material Teamsters. W. K.
Or**r; Plasterers' T'nion, A. Hillman:
Shinglers' Union. D. E. Bell; Sewer
Diggers' Union. J. Byrne; Electrical J
Workers' Union. J. E. Fiandt: Lumber
Clerks. J. H. Monihan; Painters'
Union. A. H. Heatherington; Amalga
mated Carpenters' Union. M. M. Lati
mer. Brickmason*' Union. M. M. Rod
arigues. "*
BUmUXG TRADES (OUXCIL
ELECTS OFFICERS FOR YKAU
TVhil* on their way to the McKinley
School this morning Kathcrine
Knowles. daughter oj Dr. X7. A. L..
Knowles of '116 Channing way, and
Margaret Stevenson were pursued by
a Chines*, who had acted strangely to
ward them th^ day before at the same
place. They made haste to run into
the nearest house, « hf re they sought
the protection of the inmates. The
Chinese ran after them a short dis
tance but when he saw them turn
asido Into the house of refuge changed
his course for another direction, mut
tering improcat ions all the while. The
affair has aroused the people of the
neighborhood considerably and ". watch
has been set for the importunate Chi
naman. He is probably insane.
Berkeley Offlre San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 27.
A strange coincidence is that a simi
lar balance was stolen from the min
ing laboratory at Stanford University
only two nights ago. In that case,
thoujrh, the burglar became frightened
before getting far with his booty and
dropped it in a field. It was afterward
recovered.
The authorities at the University ol
California are trying to catch the thief
who stole an assayer's balance, worth
$S0. from the mining building, last
night. What he could do with the ma
chine, unless he is a student, passes the
understanding of the sleuths, as it is
nothing but old Junk to anybody who
is not, acquainted with its intricacies.
The university people don't want to
believe that a student would do such
a thing:, but they can't see who else
would have done it.
The machine was stolen from the as
say laboratory on the northwest side
of the mining building. The burglar
got into it by going through a window.
Not long aso this window was broker,
over the latch and it was easy for the
miscreant to put his hand in and turn
it so thai he could raise the window.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 27.
Disappears After His Intend
ed Victims Find Safety in
the House of Their Friend
Burglar Practices the Same
Kind of Robbery at Stan
ford, bnt Loses His Booty
PROMPTLY SEEK REFUGE
SLEUTHS LOOK FOR HIM
Celestial Xets Queenly in the
Presence of Young Ladies
on Their Way to School
Gets Into Assay Laboratory
of the University Mining
School and Takes Machine
CHINESE RUNS
AFTER GIRLS
THIEF CARRIES
OFF A BALANCE
OAKLAND, Jan; 27.— The following
marriage licenses were 1 ' issued by the
County Clerk to-day: John B. Minoli,
26, and Dusolina C. Perazzo, 18, both
of Oakland; Antonio Jose Focha, 45,
and Maria U/Pereira, 37, both of San
Leandro; Samuel A.. Hllliard, over, 21,
and Ada Nordlund, over 18, both of
Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27. — All telephone
wires on Telegraph avenue will be
placed underground. Such is the re
ply of President Sabin of the telephone
company -to the request of the City
Council for information as to the com
pany's intentions. This step toward
removal of the overhead wires will be
followed by a demand upon the tele
graph companies that their wires shall
also be removed^ from the poles. This
.work is in line with the general move
ment, for street improvement, which
h^s been taken up by the municipal
administration.
All of Its Overhead Lines Along
Telegraph Avenue.
Telephone Company Agrees to Remove
WILL PUT ITS WIRES
IX UNDERGROUND CONDUITS
OAKLAND,. Jan. 27.— The late Rev.
George Mooar died without making a
will, andi to-day a petition to be ap
pointed administrator of his estate was
filed by Bartholomew Noyes, his son
in-law. The petition states that it has
not yet been ascertained what the value
of the property is, but that it will ex
ceed $10,000.
The heirs^ are the four daughters of
deceased— Rachel M. Smith of Wheaton,
Lucy M. Hall of Nlles, Agnes M. Noyes
of this city and Harriet M. Comstock
of Ivorytown, Conn. The estate con
sists of realty in San Francisco anil
money in the local banks.
Vnlue'pf Property Left by Him Xot
Known, but Will
$10,000. S
WOULD PROBATE ESTATE '
- OF RFA\ GEORGE MOOAR
OAKLAND, Jan. 27. — Councilman
Cuvellier has made public a request
from Eighteenth street residents that
the thoroughfare shall be lined with
palms west of Market street in har
mony with the beautifying of West
Sixteenth" and , West Seventeenth
streets. The Councilman has sug
gested that interested residents and
property-owners decide in meeting the
species of tree to be planted.
OAKLAND, Jan. 27. — The five Su
perior Judges to-day submitted the
list of names from which will be
chosen the grand and trial jurors for
the ensuing year. The grand Juries of
nineteen men each will be drawn and
will be chosen out of the following
100 names:
James H. Cory, S. R. Chappell, E. B. Dun
ning. Henry F. Decker. Charles W. Damon.
George H. Payne, George A. Moore, ; Edward
Eccleston. J. N. Green, F. W. Van Blcklen.
James Tyson. Charles C. Volberg. i Albert
Arents, G. U. Kennedy. Maas Luders, C. F.
Aker, E. Schweon, 1\ A. Rasmussen, S. Dla
vila, Hugo Abrahamson. William Angus, W.
Cron Jr.. Alexander Cummtngs. D. Dimond,
¦\V. A. Donaldson. Frank Harrold. W. H.
Hardy. Hugh Hogan. Valentine C. Hush, R. A.
Jackson, M. J. Keller, \V. J. Lenders. M. J.
Laymance, William Munn, J. P. Meehan, Dan
iel McCarthy, D. H. MrLaughlln. H. D. Nich
ols, George W. Russell. Henry A. Schulte
Percy Walker, B. H. Welch. M. W. Wood, H.
B. Belden. H. D. Eliason. Jame3 Keller. 8* P.
Meads. R. M. Anthony. O. B. Palmer, William
Gruenhagen. A. F. Edwards, William H. Tay
lor* Serrll Wlnsor. F. H. Brunning. H. N.
Gard. A. Fish. Henry. Rogers, D. S. MouJton.
Albert Kayser. Vincent Chloupek. OliverUnd
sey, J. L.. Barker, Anson Blake. C. P. Hoag
H. Dj Irwln, W. E. Knowles, W. C. Mason,
E. C. Niehau?. Henry W. Taylor, Edward D.
Bronson. Patrick Cahlll, Theo T. Cock. F. P;
Cutting. Hezeklah Dow. Frank O. Eastman
Clayton W. Hilll:", F. C. Howe. John Stewart
E. P. Flint. Frederick McFeeley. Henry Schell
haas, Joseph II. Hunt. Mark Thomas, C. J.
Heeseman, John F. Towle. P. II. Bernays,
George R. Greenwood, William Frank Pierce
C. O. G. Miller. D. Edward Collins. Thomas
Crellin, James A. Smllle. A. R. Corder. Henry
M. Sanborn, William H< Tyson. Henry May.
F. I". Granger, Howard Overacker, H. C.
Gregory.
A list of 300 names was submitted
from which to draw trial jurors.
Long List of Those Qualified Is Sub
mitted for the Ensuing;
Year..
JUDGES SEIjECT MEN FOR
GRAND AND TRIAL JURORS
BERKELEY. Jan. 27.— Miss Elizabeth M.
Ferrea and Ml*s Nellie Beale. Juniors at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. are the joint
winners of the tint prize offered by the edit
ors of the 1905 Blue and Gold \ for the best
ideas embodied in two designs suitable for a
poster, title page or cover. The prize is a
round-trip ticket over the Santa Fe road to the
Grand Canyon of the Colorado, in which the
winners will share. The award was made by
a committee consisting of Professors Wells.
Flaherty and Landfield and Eugene R. -Hallett.
editor of the 1905 book. All other contests
will elope nejtt Monday at 4 o'clock.
Harding M. Kennedy of North Berkeley has
been elected to direct the university orchestra.
Mr. Kennedy is a vlolinUt and recently re
turned from his studies in Europe. King
Sweezy '07 wae^ftiected librarian.
Professor "Wllzynskl. who war recently ap
pointed from the university as research assist
ant for the Carnegie Institute at Washington.
1b now studying in Paris. He is the authcr
of a pamphlet on "Forsyth's Differential Equa
tions," which was recently received at the
president's office.
i The rowing season was begun yesterday,
when some twenty frrahrnen met and signed
the training roll. A. S. Bunnell '04 will direct
the training of these proapec/lve oarsmen until
a regular trainer is elect^l. He will keep
them at work on the rowing machines and on"
the track to develop their wind.
The executive committee of the Associated
Students decided last night to engage the
services of John McCarty ,as coach for tht»
baseball nine. His salary was fixed at $200 for
the season. McCarty had already been engaged
by Manager Decoto and will continue the work
he began on Monday.
- The executive committee also empowered
Max Thelen, president of the Associated Stu
dents, to appoint a committee to arrange for
the, details for the proposed student labor day.
This committee' will submit its plan to the
student body, which- will vote on the question
of acceptance or rejection. The roadway
skirting the botany building. East Hall and
Chemistry building was suggested as a good
object for attack.
The following named have been named by
Arthur H. Halloran, editor of the California
Journal of Technology, as members of his
staff: Managing editor. L.. J. Bevan; business
manager. C. E. Coggins 05; department editors,
A Knopf 0*. D. W Bisbee '04. W. L. Huber
•08 A. S. Weister '05. F. B. Kellogg "05. M.
R. Daniels '05. . .
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The same trick was successfully
worked on the Pierce Hardware Com
pany and at J. W. Orear's establish
ment. The three bicycles have been
claimed by their owners. But the guns
are still missing.
First the thief stole three good bi
cycles. With one of the wheels he
called at the J. P. Maxwell Company'3
store and after much persuasion was
induced to purchase a. valuable shot
gun. To make the trade satisfactory
the customer left his bicycle as se
curity for the weapon. That was the
last seen of the man -with the gun.
The police were notified and they
learned that the pledged wheel was a
stolen one.
OAKLAND. Jan. 27. — A thief who
steals bicycles at wholesale and then
trades the stolen machines for shot
guns or rifles is the newest operator
to give the police and various victim
ized merchants trouble. For a week
a young man, who gave the name of
George Fuller, has trfus been working
in this city, the scheme being recorded
as an entirely original one to the de
tectives in Oakland.
PLEDGES STOLEN' WHEELS
FOR VALUABLE FIREARMS
On the eve of the old lady's funeral,
set for to-morrow morning' from the
church that was reared by her munifi
cence, there, has been made public the
story of the estrangement of the aunt
and her nephew, who was her nearest
kinsman. Tore, with his sister, Mrs.
Nellie Davitt, wife of Michael Davitt,
the Irish leader, enjoyed the closest
relations with their aunt until the sep
aration occurred. Mrs. Davitt long ago
returned to her husband in Ireland, but
Yore was in the aunt's family until
his marriage, to which the elderly lady,
it is said, took exception and compelled
her nephew to withdraw from her
household.
Deeply embittered is the nephew, who
declares he was not nermitted to see
his aunt before her death. Tore says
he is convinced that he has been dis
inherited by Mrs. Canning, but the idea
is not based on definite knowledge con
cerning what Mrs. Canning might have
done toward making a will.
Some time before the old lady sold
the Canrrmg block at the southwest
corner of Broadway and Thirteenth
street to Henry A. Butters. Yore, who
had charge of the building, was de
posed He was succeeded by Joseph
Kenney. a former letter carrier. Tore
declares one of the reasons for the
trouble with his aunt was because he
objected to the sale of the building.
He said that prejudice had been en
gendered against him and that he felt
convinced he ! would not receive a
nephew s share under his aunt's will
if she left one.
"I have no personal knowledge on
the subject of Mrs. Canning's will," ex
plained Yore to-night, "and I therefore
cannot say now whether there will be
litigation or not. In many matters I
was treated unjustly by my aunt. It
was only by accident I learned she was
ill, and I feel that there has been much
in the conduct of those about her to
which I can take exception."
During her lifetime Mrs. Canning,
who was of a deeply religious nature,
gave much to the church in whose
faith she had lived. As the benefac-,
tress of St. Francis de Sales parish,
Mrs. Canning gave nearly $150,000 to
erect and maintain its fine church edi
fice. With the pastor, the Rev. Thomas
McSweeney, Mrs. Canning enjoyed a
lifelong friendship. Father McSweeney
said to-night:
"I am in no way connected with the
making of Mrs. Canning's will. In fact,
I advised her to have no priest appear
in the disposition of her estate, because
I knew of the annoyance sometimes
caused in such matters. Mrs. Can
ning's friendship had been lifelong
with me, and her great generosity to
this parish was well known. I do not
know how she has disposed of her
estate."
Airs. Canning's fortune is said to
be close to $500,000. The Canning block
alone was sold for $295,000.
. William J. Yore, the nephew of the
late Mrs. Mary Canning, the wealthy
pioneer who built St. Francis de Sales
Church, has declared his belief that he
has been disinherited by the aunt whom
he served for twenty years as confi
dential agent and manager of her large
estate. . v..
Oakland Office San .Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 27.
Berkeley Offlpe San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 27. -¦
Without a sign of ceremony the first
shovelful of earth was turned this
morning from the site of the University
of California where the walls of Cali
'fornia Hall will rise. The conventions
were entirely shunned in the start-off
of this important undertaking, and it
might have been the excavation for
hen coop for all that anybody seemed
to care. Early in the morning the con
tractor for the digging, William J.
Schmidt, arrived with his men an.d
teams and set them to burrowing into
the ground. There was absolutely no
sentiment, no ceremony, no speechify
ing. :
The contractor's pick and shovel men
I began prodding along a line that was
defined by' the stakes and strings of the
surveyors a while ago. These stakes
and strings mark out a site that is a
few hundred feet west of old North
Hall and near the tennis court and
baseball diamond. It is on a slope that
is partly artificial ground.
In order to get down to hard pan,
upon which the foundations will rest,
Contractor Schmidt must excavate
soma 4400 cubic yards of this artificial
ground. This will require at least a
month's work. After that the concrete
foundation will be put in by the Contra
Costa Construction. Company, of which
Guy Hyde Chick is the president. It
will take 35,0,00 cubic yards of cement
and gravel to complete the' foundations
and will require at least 100 days of
work.
California Hall is to cost $250,000. that
sum having been appropriated for it by
the last State Legislature. It will be
built entirely of stone, steel, concrete
and glass, thus making it an entirely
fire-proof building. There will practical
ly four floors in the building that can
be used. The basement will contain the
vaults, ventilating apparatus and stor
age rooms. The firsr floor will contain
classrooms and an auditorium, with a
seating capacity of 500 people. On the
second floor will be the administrative
offices of the university — the offices of
the president, secretary, recorder and
a meeting-room for .the Board of Re
gents. In the attic win be storage
apartments and files for the preserva
tion of the university archives.
Contracts for the steel structural and
stone work will be let as soon as the
foundation is laid. The kind of stone to
be used has not yet been selected, but
it will probably be Raymond granite,
the same a^ that being used on the
Hearst mining building. The roof will
be tiled with Spanish tiles. It will take
eighteen months to finish the building
if all goes well.
Kinsman Deposed From Posi
tion'After Serving Score of
. Years for His Late Relative
Structure Will Be Erected at
a Cost of $250,000 and
Be, Proof Against Fires
Hnlcomb J.»ml Company t Heron- Hnlcomb
Company) to Alvah Gat*s and David Vogt. lot
as. block F. map No. U. Linda Vista Terrace.
Oakland (recorded January 2«. 1SMJ4); »1**-
G. W. or (Veoree W. Hump to Annie E
Hume (wife), I2.T0 acres bfginr.trg at N cor
ner of land formerly conveyed to Jonathan
Hunt ami James P. Kobinson. thence NE 5 .'-'>
chains. SK W.Xi chains. S\V 3.56 chains. N«
2ft 25 chains to beginning, plat 14. Kellers
bergcr'si map ttanchos V. antl 1). Peralta. Oak
land (rword^d January 2t>, 1UOI1; Rift.
Holcomo Land Company frorporaUon)
<Heron-HoIcomb Company) to J. C. Hart. lot
besi-inlne at jxilnt on E boundary of lot -*
from which common corner lots 4. 3. 12 and
13. block F. bear NW 37.50 feet distance,
thence alone E bour.darv of lot 4. SE S7.5O.
SW 124. N' 37.50. NE 122.81. bein* the S half
of lot 4, block F. Peralta Heights, Oakland
(rerorded January 2U. 10O4>; $10.
Giovanni and Ancelin6 Ginocchlo to Realty
Syndicate (corporation). Jot on N line of Forty
fifth street, 2M> K of Wnt. E 50 by N 100. lot
25;- block 2100. Akten tfract »t Temeacal. Oak
land: $10
Joseph and Rose Esola to Gicx-anni Ginoc;
chlo. lot on N I1119 "t Forty-fifth street. '-40 E
of West. E .V) by N 10V, iot 24, block 210O.
sam», Oakland: *1O.
Margaret A. an.l Jnwrh Xesbftt to August
and Rusa IVnkisrr. lot on N line of \ViUUm
street, 205:74 E of Wood. E 25 by N 10O:J4.
lot 28, block 2«. map of land on cjakland
Point Railroad Ferry Tract 40«, Oakland; *l'».
Litzie and Jarm» Mix to C. A. Mtx (femme
a>Je), undivided half of lot 8. block i£, prop
erty N. Byrne in Berkeley Villa Tract, Berke-
Julius Wegrner to Bertha AVesrner Twife). lot
0. block B. amended map Teachers' Tract.
Berkeley; gift.
W. H. and Jennie Wellbye fwife) to Alex
ander Murdock. lot on S !tn« of Thirty-seventh
#treet. 71 E of Market. E a4 by S 10&.19. por
tion of plat 37. Kellersherger's Map of Ranchoa
V. and D. Peralta. Oakland: $1<>.
Same to un>». lot on S line of Thirty-«ev
enth- street. T,~ K of Market. E 34 by S 1C9.1V>,
portion of plat .17. same map. Oakland: %\n.
Kittle A. Kerr (widow) to Ltiar'.es A. Bnreln
(single), lot on S line of Maple street. 12-..2O
E of Telegraph avenue <Humboldt>, E 50. 3
155.00. W 5^.19. N 170.86. lot 4. block T, Map
No. 3 of Roberts and Wolfskin. Tract. Oak
land: <de»d made to correct every or any erro»
In deed June :I4. li*tt>; $1.
J. S. and Clara Myers <wife> to H. H. Buh
rinc. rv-record MJ» D. 16. 1<* on W line of Me-
Clure street. 1S5 N of Prospect avenue, N 43
by W 104. lot S, Map of McClure Grounds,
Oakland; $10.
Mary Gmshelm to Thomas S. Drury. l°t on
S line of Parsons street. 172.2."» E of Ban Pablo
avenue. E 3o by S 1O>. lot 7. block A, Parsons'
Golden Gat* Tract. Oakland: $10.
James Gilman to same, same. Oakland:
quitclaim dee<l; $1.
Joseph J. and P.arbara Mason to Frances H.
Pitman, lot on PE corner of Cedar and Oxford
streets. S 60. E 135. N K».R4. W 133.4i>. portion
of plat 70. V and D. Peralta Rancho. Berke
ley; $1CO.
J A. and Emily V. Marshall fwife> to
Frank R. Wehe. lot on NW corner of Tele
graph avenue and Carlton street, W S3. 47. N
44. S3. E 85.02. S -ttf.KJ, block I*. Leonard
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
A. C. or Alfred C Rulofson Sr. to Hanna!i
B. Rulofson »wtfe). lot S2, block 4. Map of
Grove-street Line Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Nellie F. and James Hamilton and Annie C.
Monroe (single) to Town of Berkeley, loi on E
line of Bateman «treet. 12O S of TVeb»ter. s* 40
by E 10O. lot 4. block C, Hap No. 2 BatemaQ
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
John Skarin to Emrlia Skarin fwlfe). lot on
W line of Lorina *tr*et, 140 N of Ashby ave
nue, N 40 by W 110. lot S. block C. Map of
Adeline Tract. Berkeley : s jefft.
Alamocla County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
HOLD NO
AWAITS OPENING OF WILL
CEREMONIES
William J. Yore Tells Story
of Estrangement From His
Wealthy Aunt, Now Deceased
Worjunen Begin Heaving Aside
Earth on Site of Building
Provided by the legislature
FEARS HE HAS
BEEN CUT OUT
BREAK GROUND
FOR NEW HILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1904.
Alameda Lustspiel Ensemble Is Rehearsing
Ich Wiederkam," Which It Will
Play for Benefit of Charifable Societies
CLEVER AMATEURS WILL PRESENT
GERMAN COMEDY AT MACDONOUGH
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2118 Center Street. v
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
14.% Park Street.
Telephone Eagle &O2.
AMUSE3EEXTS. \_
MacliiBOiiilillBatfir.Mw
THUasp«, JANUARY 28,
German Performance.
The- Alameda Lustspiel Ensemble
Pf*«^ntlng Blumenthal & Kadrlbursr'a Comedy.
"ALS ICH WIEDERKAM."
Sequel to "IN WEJSSEX nOESSL,"
With tie same complete cast and acces-
sories that achieved *ucb a remarkable suc-
c*bs at the. Columbia. Theater. 6. F.. on Sun-
<«ay •vsnint latl.
Price* — 11. 75c, 50c and 25c. City parties may
take 7:30 p. tn. narrow-gause boat, train «top-
plcc in front cf theater.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
? POSSIBILITY
That Became a Pact and Pleases Many
People.
A. R. Lewis. M. D.. in a lengthy article
in the columns of the American Journal
of Health, says concerning hair: "Its
deterioration is a constant source of
worrlment to humanity, consequently
bald people arc readily deceived by
'fake* hair restoratives. The wish that
a hair preparation will 'nil the bill* is
father to the fancy that it is likely to do
so. A rare rase in point is that of New-
bro's HerpicidP. which actually does 'till
the- bill.* It destroys the parasite that
attacks the hair root, and prevents dan-
druff, falling hair and baldness." Sold
by leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The HerpScide Co., Detroit.
Mich. ' '•'
Gold Crowns at Cost
?2 K. crowns; serviceable and arti-s
tic; guaranteed not to tarnish or come
off. Pivot tecth*which cannot be de-
tected from the Crowded
and twisted teeth rejrulattd free. Ex-
traction free. Xleanine free." Pain-
less methods. Graduates onlv. Twenty
years' guarantee.
Week Days, 9 to o; Sundays, o to 1.
Post-Griduate Dental College
Sas rrsmciaco — 3 "Uaylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Washington Stnet.
Saa Jos*— 45 East Santa Clara Street.
Sacramento — 107 J Street.CHAXCELLOR A. X. DROWN AXD SECRETARY REV. M. D. . WILSOX
SPEAKING OX QUESTION TO EXCLUDE WOMEN AS DELEGATES
FROM EPISCOPAL CONVENTION AND SCENE AT BANQUET.
sented reports of convocations dealing
with mission work, reports of the same
having been published by the press
at the time the convocations were held.
A. X. Drown presented a resolution
that a set sum must be voted by the
convention to carry on the mission
work. He said that the, sum should
first be determined by a finance com
mittee after proper consideration and
that sentiment should not enter into
the matter. He did not favor the pres
ent haphazard method of leaving It to
the various parishes to make contribu
tions.
Rev. W. C. Shaw presented a resolu
tion that the amount to be voted for
mission work should be $10,000, and this
resolution led to a spirited debate.
Chancellor Drown moved to amend by
having the amount voted cut to $7000.
He declared that from his experience
as a business man he knew it would
be difficult to raise $10,0'K) In the dio
cese for mission work. Hf; did not want
to see the figure set at $10,000 and then
find the parishes come irt and say they
could not raise their proportion.
Revs. F. W. Clampett'- and Burr M.
Wreeden favored the proposal to have
$10,000 voted for mission work, and
Archdeacon Emery, Robert Bruce and
John Landers delivered speeches on the
same lines. All these gentlemen de
clared that it was absolutely necessary
for $10,000 to be voted- and said the
parishes could raise the sum without
much trouble.
The' amendment of Chancellor Drown
to havs the sum fixed at J7000 was lost,
and the motion to make it $10,000 pre
vailed.
ELECT NEW OFFICERS.
The business of electing members to
various committees and delegates for
the next general convention of the
Episcopal church was proceeded with.
As a majority of the votes cast Is
required to elect, the balloting of yes
terday did not fill the required vacan
cies. The clergy and laity voted sepa
rately, the clergy singly and the lay
delegates by delegations.
The result of the election yesterday
was as follows: Registrar of the dio
cese, Rev. "W. A. Brewer, re-elected
unanimously; chancellor of the diocese,
A. X. Drown, reappointed; standing
committee, Revs. John Bakewell, F.
W. Clampett, E. L. Parsons, Burr M.
"Weeden; lay members, W. Babcock,
A. X. Drown, C. D. Haven, L. M. Ring
wait; diocesan board of missions, Revs.
X. B. W. Gallwey, Clifton Macon, L. C.
Sanford; lay members, Robert Bruce,
G. E. Butler, Brace Hayden, W. Mint
zer; board of directors: A. X. Drown.
Archdeacon J. A. Emery, Herbert Fol
ger, Rev. D. O. Kelley and W. A. M.
Van Bokkelen: deputy to general con
vention. Rev. F. W. Clampett.
The convention will to-day elect
three clerical members to the board of
missions, one member of the board of
directors, three clerical deputies and
three lay deputies to the general con
vention, as well as eight alternates to
the convention and one clerical mem
ber to the missionary council.
Rev. E. L. Parsons presented his re
port on the state of the church, which
was similar to the reports of other offi
cials in that it covered the same
grounds.
Rev. Clifton Macon reported on the
lack of scholars for the divinity schools
and made an earnest plea that the
schools be supported and that there be
no lack of material to be educated as
servants of the church.
The convention -will meet again this
morning: at 9:20 at Grace Church.
On the adoption of a resolution on
Tuesday to have a committee act with
various religious and lay bodies in or
der to secure the passage of Federal
laws to provide for uniform marriage
and divorce laws the following com
mittee was appointed by Bishop Xich
ols: Revs. H. H. Powell. C. O. Tillson.
Hamilton Lee; lay delegates, W. Rigby
and L. C. McAfee.
The churches of the Holy Savior of
Santa Clara and the Holy Innocents of
San Francisco were admitted to union
with the convention on a report from a
special committee.
Bishop Xichols appointed the follow
ing committee on general relief fund:
W. A. M. Van Bokkelen, A. X. Drown,
W. H. Crocker and Rev. V. B. Lewis.
The report of the committee on can
ons on the subject of the ciergy relifif
fund of the diocese and its relation to
the general clergy relief fund was or
dered sent to a special committee.
The report of Archdeacon Emery,
dealing with the funds for church ex
tension w"ork. was then received. The
report showed that JlO.OOo had been ap
portioned for mission work as follows:
To San Francisco, $7000; San Jose,
52000, and San Joaquin Valley, $1000.
The report showed the need for more
funds to carry on mission work and
that there was a steady growth of
guilds and clubs in the diocese.
LIVELY DEBATE OCCURS.
Deans Hanson, Shaw and Lewis pre-
en." The new body will only deal with
women's work in the church, and its
formation is a decided novelty.
XEWXY AMENDED SECTION*.
The amended section of the constitu
tion of the diocese now reads as fol
lows:
The lay members shall b« males and shall
consist of delerates, not exceeding five, from
each parish and mission in union with the
convention. The lay delegates from each par
ish shall b* chonen by the vestry thereof and
the lay delegates from each mission shall b«
chosen by the members thereof; provided that
r.o person shall be competent to »»n - e aa a lay
delegate unless ho has been a qualified voter
cf the parish cr mission he represents during
the six calendar months next before his elec
tion. Provision shall be made by canon for
a houee of churchwomen to meet In the uma
week with the convention, with power, subject
at all times to the constitution and canons
of the dio«?ese. to legislate for the conduct of
woman's v.ork in the church and to act in a
consultative capacity upon euch other matters
as the convention may from time to time sub
mit to it for its opinion.
The committee to draft the canons
for the new body will file a printed
report thirty days before the next con
vention. The committee appointed by
Bishop Nichols consists of A. N. Drown,
W. A. M. Van Bokkelen, Vincent Xeale,
John A. Wright. Mrs. A. X. Lawver,
Mrs. James Xewlands, Mrs. Thomas
Flint Jr. and C. H. Xorris.
TO REPORT ON DIVORCES.
On resolution Bishop Nichols appoint
ed a committee to draft canons for the
guidance of the "house of churchwom-
•¦This action is the result of a spirited
. dejbate that took place yesterday at the
*"tcohd session of the fifty-fourth con
•vntion of the diocese, held at Grace
Ofcnxch. The women of the church.
• JjoVever, were singularly honored by
the 'convention by the establishment of
» t'house of churchwomen," which body
v.ill deal with women's work in the
xlrurch and sit at the same time as the
convention proper does. The pioneer
Ftep taken by the California diocese is
Ijkcly to be followed by other dioceses
f. : f-.the Episcopal church.
•""Thp debate on the status of women
:«i-the convention proceedings took up
¦the. best part of yesterday. The com
n:t;^< 1 eti canons had introduced an
ernendm^nt to the constitution to pro
vjde'that all lay delegates should be
maies. _ This amendment was further
amended to provide for the cstablish
n.Vnt of a "house of churchwomen."
The r.ropo5ition to exclude women
from the convention and to have them
\i*>pt as a separate body had most of
th<* . men as its champions, but the
v.omen delegates had the aid of many
Cf xhf men in the convention in their
opposition.
TAKE OPPOSITE VIEWS.
The arguments put forward by those
¦who -desired to exclude the the women
delegates were based on the grounds
»t:at women had a special sphere to fill
snd that men were neglecting the work
cf the church so long as they knew the
iromen were interested.
It -was explained that there was no
fi^Fire to slight women, but. on the con
trary, to give them more recognition by
the establishment of the "house ol
churchwomm."
Vincent Xoale delivered a long ad
dress, telling how women had been
Civen the privilege of voting for ves
tiymcn, and said that later on the
ranons of the diocese had been con
s'rued to allow women to be elected as
lay delegates to the conventions. He
declared that with that privilege wom
en could claim the right to be elected
en various committees or to go to the
pen^ral convention as representatives
of the California diocese.
Mrs. R. J. Riley of Gilroy. Mrs. E.
Mdjowan of Monterey and Mrs. Thom
as Flint Jr. addressed the convention,
protesting against the proposed exclu
sion of women from the convention.
Rc-v. A. J. O'Meara championed the
cause of the women and was aided by
Rev. J. G. Gassman. Revs. J. O. Lin
coln and H. B. Collier spoke in favor of
the amendments, as did A. X. Drown.
LOST AXD RECONSIDERED.
"When the amendments were put to a
Vote the proposition to establish a
"house of churchwomen" was lost, ow
ing to the required two-thirds vote not
t'cing secured in the affirmative. The
Vote of the clergy showed 31 ayes and
10 noes, while the lay vote stood 20 ayes
stad l:.' noes. The women all voted in
the negative.
A motion to reconsider was then
rryjved. It was explained that If the
first amendment, to limit all lay dele
gates to males, prevailed, the women
would have absolutely no voice in the
affairs of the diocesan deliberations.
Bishop Xichols addressed the conven
tion and gave his views on the subject
of the proposed changes. He favored
fhe "house of churchwomen." and felt
that the women could assist the work ;
nf the church by meeting as such a
body instead of being present as a small
minority in the convention proper. The
Bishop paid a tribute to the work of
the churchwomen of the diocese.
The motion to reconsider prevailed
and th*> vote was taken on the proposal
to establish the "house of church
women." It was carried unanimously,
us was th«* amendment to limit all lay
delegates to the convention to the male
*ex.
"Women will no longrer have a vote In
th*> deliberations of the California dlo
re«? of the Episcopal church, and at
e.'l future conventions of the body th«?
lay delegates will be restricted to the
Ejerner Eex.
Clergy and Laymen Elect
ed to Serve on Various
Committees.
Lively Debate Takes Place
in Discussing Rights
of Fair Sex.
WOMEN CANNOT HEREAFTER SERVE AS DELEGATES TO EPISCOPAL
CONVENTION BUT WILL DELIBERATE IN SEPARATE "HOUSE" TO BE ESTABLISHED
DR. D. J. EVANS
IS NEW RECTOR
Delightful Entertainment
Tendered Bishop and
Mrs. Nichols.
Parishioners All Agree AVith
Bishop Potter's Choice for
the Grace Church Rectorship
CONSIDERED STRONG MAN
Church Club Banquet
Given at Palace Is
Largely Attended.
Clergyman Plans to Come to
San Francisco Immediately
and Take Up Duties of Parish
The Rev. David J. Evans, D. D., who
has been called to Grace Church to fill
the position made vacant by the death
of the Rev. R. C. Foute, is a man of
remarkable strength and strong per
sonality. Dr. Evans, though not
known to many of the parishioners
personally, is nevertheless known by
his work. He was recommended by
Bishop Potter, .and while traveling In
the East with the object of choosing
a rector two of the vestrymen had the
opportunity of hearing Dr. Evans.
From that moment there was a de
termination to secure his services for
Grace Church.
In response to the wish of the mem
bers of Grace Church it is certain that
Dr. Evans will come to San Francisco
as soon as his private matters can be
arranged to allow of no interruption
to his work when once here.
Dr. Evans is a native of Great Brit
ain and an Oxford man. His charge at
present is Grace Church. Middle
town, N. Y.
The selection is considered a wise
one and one that will meet with the
approval of Grace Church.
POLITICS OF IiKFFIXGWEIili
CAUSE INJUNCTION" SUIT
The Church Club gave a banquet at
the Palace Hotel last night at which
Bishop Nichols was the guest of honor.
Besides the laymen who compose the
membership of the club there ' were
over 100 clergymen present to meet the
Bishop.
The great circular table was pro
fusely decorated with flowers.
Albert N. Drown, president of the
Church Club, presided and at the close
of the repast spoke of the high pleas
ure which was theirs at having the
Bishop as their honored guest.
Mr. Drown said that the purpose of
the club was to take up such work as
found favor with the Bishop. It was
a band of laymen ready to give vigor
ous assistance to all church work under
the leadership of the Bishop of the dio
cese.
Bishop Nichols responded and ex
pressed general appreciation of the
work of the club, which stands behind
two works very close to the Bishop's
heart — the Japanese Mission in this
city and the opening of a new Mission
in the Potrero.
Bishop Nichols said it was a source
of great' pleasure to meet the members
of the Church Club.
After the banquet tl.ere was a recep
tion in the parlors of the hotel given
by the Church Club to Bishop and Mrs.
Nichols.
The reception began at 8:30 and last
ed until 11 o'clock. It was estimated
that fully 1500 attended the reception.
In one of the side rooms refreshments
were served and the members of the
club were indefatigable in their attend
ance on their many friends. There
were people present from every part of
the State.
The officers of the club in charge of
the arrangements were A. N. Drown,
president; James McGawley, secretary;
E. D. Beyland. Dr. H. C. Davis and
George E. Butler.
REV. E PARSONS CALLED
BY ST. MARK'S, BERKELEY
L. W. LJndgrca Claims New Election
Commissioner Is Not a Member ,
of the Socialist Party.
"Whether Elmore C. Lefflngwell Is a
Socialist or a member of the Union
Labor party Is the question that was
passed up to the Superior Court yes
terday .by L. W. Lindgren. a Socialist.
He applied for an injunction restrain
ing Auditor Harry Baehr from audit
ing LefTingweH's salary warrant as
Election Commissioner, the position
to which he was appointed by Mayor
Schmitz.
In Lindgren's complaint he alleges
that Leffingwell is not now and never
has been a member of the Socialist
party. He says that Leffingwell is a
member of the Union Labor party and
as such is not entitled to take the po
sition made vacant by the retirement
by Schmitz of Oliver Everett, the So
cialist party representative on the
board. The action is brought under
the charter provision which provides
that the Board of Election Commis
sioners shall be of representatives
from each party, selected in such pro
portion that neither party shall have a
majority.
Clergyman May Leave Church of St.
Matthew. San Mateo, for Uni
versity Town.
Rev. Edward Lamb Parsons, rector
of the Church of St. Matthew. San
Mateo, has received a call to St.
Mark's Church, Berkeley, the pastor.
Rev. George E. Swan.- having retired
from St. Mark's lately owing to ill
health.
The Rev. Mr. Parsons made quite
an impression in his sermon at Trin
ity Church, this city, on Tuesday
night, the occasion of the missionary
meeting and great rally of those at
tending the Episcopal diocese con
vention, and to those who were not
aware of the call the news will come
as a pleasant surprise.
The Rev. Mr. Parsons is a native
of New York and a graduate of Yale,
'89.
Would Care for Child's Interests.
George H. "Whipple applied to the
Superior Court yesterday to be ap
pointed guardian of the estate of
Felice Gussom of Brescia, Italy, the
S-year-old daughter of Angelonl Gus
soni. who lost his life in the wreck of
the City of Rio Janiero. Whipple seeks
the appointment in order that he
might be legally qualified to present
the . little one's claim for damages
against the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company.
Opposes Medical Board.
Carl W. von Tiedemann, who was
recently arrested on a charge of prac
ticing medicine without a license from
the State Board of Medical Examiners,
applied to the Superior Court yester
day for a writ of review of the Police
Court proceedings in the case. He
claims that the act providing for the
examiners is unconstitutional.
Circus by Companions.
. The executive board of the Com
panions of the Forest, A. O. F.. will
have a two nights' circus and dance
in the banquet hall of the Ancient Or
der of Foresters' building, commencing
to-morrow night. This i3 for the pur
pose of creating an enthusiasm in the
membership in the matter of enter
taining the officers and delegates of
the Supreme Grand Circle that will
meet in annual convention in this city
next May.
New Cabinet to Be Formed.
The new cabinet of the National
Union will be organized this evening in
the Red Men's building and after the
installation of the officers Columbia
Assembly No. 1, Ladies of the National
Union, an auxiliary recently organized
to promote the social feature of. the
parent order, will give its first enter
tainment in the same building and the
members of the cabinet will be the
guests of the auxiliary.
Scbapfer Sues Kragens.
Conrad F. Schapfer, who was re
cently arrested on a charge of embez
zlement preferred by Kragens, sued
the corporation yesterflay for $10,000
damages for malicious prosecution. He
claims the charge that he embezzled
$53 of the corporation's money was
groundless and in support of his
charge he cites the fact that he was
acquitted in the Police Court.
John Swanson, a rigger, residing at
1221 Nineteenth street, died at'!. 7
o'clock yesterday morning in the City
and County Hospital, presumably of
ptomaine poisoning. He had been com
plaining for about a week of pains in
the stomach and on Tuesday called in
Dr. ; J. W. Smith. He informed the
doctor that he had been in the habit
of eating canned food and , thought
that something that he had eaten had
disagreed with him.
The' stomach has been sent to the
City Chemist. : .. |. -%v-.;,; ,«/ v - >; ',
Suspected Ptomaine Poisoning.
However, In order to give owners of such
cards reasonable time to dispose of those on
hand, postmasters will accept them for mail-
Ing until July 1, 1904, upon payment of post
age at the proper rate. On and after July 1.
1904, such cards will .be treated as unmaifable
at any rate of postage.
Postmasters are directed to give this circu
lar the widest possible publicity, through the
press and otherwise, without expense ' to the
department. .
Postmaster Fisk Has received the
following from "Washington, D. C:
The law officer for this department advises
that cards issued by private persona bearing
on the address side the words "United States
of America" are In "likeness or similitude"
of the regular United States postal card, and
therefore In violation of the law, and unmail
able. (Sec. 1091, Portal Laws and Regula
tions.)
Words "United States of America" in
Type the Similitude of the Gor
ment's Mail Pasteboard.
PRIVATE POSTAL CARDS
VIOLATE THE STATUTE
CLAIMS REDSKINS *tAY
VIOLATE THE GAME LAWS
Indian Agent Johnson '<f Round Val
ley Reservation \Va>?ts Question
Settled in Coiirts.
David Lincoln, a Round Valley reser
vation Indian, has been fined $25 by
Justice of the Peace Cummins of Co
velo, Mendocino County, for killing
deer during the closed season. Indian
Agent Johnson instructed the defend
ant not to pay the fine on the ground
that a redskin is entitled to hunt and
fish regardless of the game laws.
United States District Attorney "Wood
worth has taken steps to have the mat
ter brought up in the Federal courts
on a writ of habeas corpus for the pur
pose of showing that the State has no
jurisdiction in this matter. The contest
between the Fish and Game Commis
sioners and the United States author!-'
ties is a friendly one, brought for the
purpose of settling a puzzling question.
The Fish Commissioners have caused
the arrest of Guy Boynton, John Doe
and P. Lenoguini, in Santa Cruz Coun- :
ty, for violations of the game laws.;
Justice of th»» Peace Goldsmith of Low
er Lake has lined Harry Wilsey $25 for
killing deer. Justice of the Peace Pryor
of Sausalito fined Jew Gow $20 yester
day for having crabs In his possession
less than six inches across the back.
HONOIAJI/U. Jan. 27.— John Alexander
Howie called to-night for Australia.
The members of the Mizpah Presby
terian Church congregation will cele
brate the twentieth anniversary of the
founding of the edifice with a reunion
to-morrow evening.
Will Observe Anniversary.
Others present were: H. E. Rose. J.
A. Ritchie. A- Atkins, A. G. Clark. J.
F. Foster, L. E. Pratt, W. R. Fenkhau
ser, F. C. Hyde, James C. Hansen,
Charles Clifford, H. J. Thomson and J.
H. Libbey.
A committee on permanent organiza
tion was appointed by the chair to re
port at the next meeting, February 24.
Toe advertising representatives of
the dally and weekly San Francisco
papers met at a banquet at Paul's res
taurant last evening. This was the in
itial meeting of a series to promote a
feeling of good fellowship and produce
a general betterment and growth of
the profession.
W. S. Dreypolcher, dean of the pro
fession, acted as toastmaster and toasts
were responded to by Luther E. Fitch
of the Bulletin. Cliff H. House of The
Call, D. M. Fraser of the Post. R. C.
Jewell of the Examiner. P. Butler of
the Chronicle, A. J. Frankl£?nd of the
Argonaut and R. A. Grover of Town
Talk.
Representatives of Daily and Weekly
Publications Decide to Form Per
manent Organization.
ADVERTISING MEN* HOLD
THEIR IXITTAIi MEETING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 28, 1904.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS. : r.
MUNYON
ENDORSED
Leading Druggists Tell of tba
Wonderful Cures Reported
to Them In Fqvor of
MUNYON'S
PAW PAW
The Greatest Dlscovero of the
Age— Unparalielel in the
Hlstoru of Medicine.
READ WHAT THEY SAY:
(IT CONSIDER the drug gists as the
J never-fallins barometers — the nes-
tors of the medical world. Standfast
as they do next to the family physician
in the affections and confidences of th«
home, their voices ere really the voices
] of the people. When the druggists praise,
the people praise; and the remedy which
wins this praise, this Indorsement, has
Its reputation established for all time. I
am proud to say that everywhere that
my Paw Paw has been Introduced it has
immediately won the unqualified Indorse-
ments of the druggists."
— MUNYON.
The Owl Drug: Co., 1128 Market
St., San Francisco, Cal., Give
Their Opinion of Paw Paw:
"Ship us five g'o«» Immediately of Paw Faw
by fast freight, as we are completely Bold out.
"We cannot afford to be without Paw Paw. be-
cause the Jemand from our customers is con-
stant and imperative.
"We n*ver hart a better nelling preparation
or one that gave a more universal satisfaction.
' Hurry the goods alcna-."
<Slgned) THE OWL. PRUG CO..
San Francisco, Oakland. Sacramento and Lot
Angeles.
What the World Drug Co., 815
Market St., Say:
"Hurry up our order for Paw Paw. P»-
mind is inoreaslriK and sales are. large. Th«
new digestive tonl<? and sedative has quickly
made a place for itself among the preparations
of recognized merit. Our congratulations to
Munyou."
(Signed) THE WOULD DRUG CO.
Louis Zeh, the Old Established
and Up - to - Date Pharmacy,
writes :
PROF. ML'NTON*:
Dear Sir— Please *hip un another rr"«s of
your Paw Paw Remedy — The World" • Tonic.
This is our third order wttMn one week and
the sales have been phenomenal and th«t public
demand so favorable that you certainly hav*
named Paw Paw with a Just title as "The
World's Tonic." We wish you continued suc-
cess, as It Is a pleasure for us to sell a prepa-
ration that meets with the approbation of th»
public May success follow you. Yours very
sincerely. LOUIS ZEH. 1228 Market su
The S. A. McDonnell Drug Store,
803 Market St., One of the
Best Known and Reliable
Pharmacies in San Francisco,
Say Everybody Praises Paw
Paw :
We have sold a large number of bottles of
Taw Paw and have heard favorable, reports
from every sale. This new vegetable pep»i*»
tonic is a valuable addition to Prof. Munyon's
well-known cures and will no doubt meet with
the same success vhat all of his medicine* hava
had. "Wishing you a continuance of success,
we are yours truly.
THE S. A. MCDONNELL. PHARMACY.
Wholesale and retail Drugs.
Scores of druggists and practically all
the druggists of San Francisco have sent
similar testimonials, and we wish we
could print them all here. They all join
in saying that Munyon's Paw Paw is
passing all previous records of sales and
is sure to take the lead of all other prep-
arations.
If you have dyspepsia, try It.
If you are nervous, try it.
If you are despondent, try it.
If you are weak and run down, try It.
Cast away all tonics, all medicines and!
all stimulants and let Munyon's Paw
Paw make you well. It will lift you into
the high altitudes of hope and hold you
there. It will give exhilaration without
intoxication.
Sold by all druggists. Large bottle.
$1. Paw Paw Laxative Pills. 25c a bottle.
PEACE PROVOKERS AND
PROFANITY PREVENTERS
Often He in the bosom of a shirt, ths
curl of a collar. Hence, logically our
laundry promotes morality, in that its
output causes no complaint, but soothes
the troubled spirits of men accustomed
to frayed edges and crumpled bosoms.
Why don't you try this laundry for »
while and "be good"?
No saw »dges.
UNITED STATES LAUXDRY,
omens 1004 xascbt stsibt.
Near Powell.
~ ghoa* grlraf Excluutp 87.
y\ Eyeglasses wi
{j Spectacles tj
Weefly Gal $1.00 neiYfiai
ADVEBTISgMENT8 :
1 $500.00 WORTH OF I
j FURNITURE FREE
& ¦ ' - ' S
g TO-MORROW, 2-5 and 7-10 p. tn., we will celebrate the g
S FIRST ANNIVERSARY of our new store. Our friends and the g
*> public in general are cordially invited to attend. No goods sold on j§
that day. GRAND CONCERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING. |
i ¦ - g
J Eastern Outfitting Company \
I 1320-1328 Stockton Street, Near Broadway. |
I SATURDAY at 8 a. m. begins our FIRST ANNIVERSARY |
§ SALE. 25 pet cent REDUCTION on our entire stock of FURNI- jg
g v TURE, DRAPERIES, STOVES, RANGES, ETC. . g
S . This sale positively ends February 13th at 10 p. m. Our regu- §
q lar marked pnee is acknowledged to be the lowest in the city, and £
S our 25 per cent reduction means a saving of 33 1-3 per cent on §
§ downtown prices. ' §
Get the Portfolio, "Greetings From California," With Sunday's Call
ADVERTISEMENTS.
la the ececial price for this elegant B
Oak Desk. 50 INCHES LONG. fS
34 INCHES DEEP. flj
51 INCHES HIGH. K3
P-p..«-d panel* and drawer front. Eft
Soiden polish finish. fc%OWING to the exciting nature of events in South
Africa, the Balkans. Manchuria and other storm
centers of the world, comparatively little atten
tion has been given in the United States to affairs in In
/dia since famine and plague ceased to furnish sensational
news. It is therefore worth while to note that the coun
try is now so well off from a physical point of view that
the leaders of her people can devote their energies toward
the attainment of political reforms instead of having to
expend them all in efforts to feed the. famishing and to
check the 'spread of pestilence.
One of the notable institutions of India is the so-called
"Jndian National Congress," which meets to discuss con
ditions of the people and to urge such changes in the
laws and the government of the country as are deemed
conducive to the general, welfare." The congress is com
posed of natives and includes among its members men
whose intellectual eminence is recognized throughout the
civilized world.
At its recent meeting in Madras it devoted itself al
most wholly- to political matters and adopted resolutions
which have been well received in London. As a rule the
objects aimed at by the congress are: larger opportuni
ties for natives to take part in the government of the
country. Nothing revolutionary or even radical- is asked
for, but it is evident the leaders of India have made up
their minds to insist upon having an important part in
the Government hereafter.
By the efforts of the' congress the right of natives to
sit in the various "Legislative Councils" of the country
has been conceded, anda good many- representatives of
the Indian peoples have seats in such bodies. The de
mand is now for the admission of natives to the "Execu
tive Council,*' a position which has never yet been given
to one of them,' notwithstanding, that India has been
under the direct governi.ient of the British crown, for
nearly half a century.
Among governmental evils complained of are the main
tenance at the expense of the taxpayers -~ of ' India of- a
much larger army than is needed; the holding of exami-
THE CLAIMS OF INDIA.
With characteristic vehemence and with that assur
ance which has not inaptly been termed political piracy,
William Jennings Bryan has issued his ultimatum de
claring who must not, among Democrats, be nominated
for the Presidency. The simple announcement that Mr.
Bryan did not mention his own name is afgument suffi
cient to demonstrate the value of his proclamation. At
the same time it is diverting to. Democrats.
'African Game.
BT WILLTAM STAMPS CHERRY.
{African traveler, explorer and big rame
hunter.l
(Copyright. 1304. by Josrph P. Howlp?)
Hunting the hippopotamus is rather
a dull kind of sport. In some '.regions
they are too common to excite any in
terest. You can see them by the hun
dred stretching their lazy length upon
a bank of mud or lying with their
heads above water. As you approach
They will dive under water, remaining
out of siffht from thirty to forty min
utes. When they come up they give a
enort like a locomotive on a frosty
morning, sinking apain when they see
you like a flash. When they pop their
heads out of water that is the time
for you to present your compliments.
If your aim has been true the hippo
potamus •ujil roll upon his back and
kick in quite an ungainly fashion.
When he has kicked his last in all
probability he will be sufficiently ac
commodating to retire to the bottom
of the river, whence you wiil have to
fish him up, unless you have patience
enough to wait until the huge carcass
coines up of its own accord, which will
in all likelihood be after the space of
two hours. And now comes the feast.
If your hippo is young the flesh will
l)e tender and toothsome, equal to goat
meat, which is the African standard:
but if you have shot an aged patriarch
you will find his flesh tough and hard
as India rubber. The natives will, how
ever, dispose of every morsel of it for
you with abundant thanks. They seem
never to be able to get enough of ani
mal food, and the person who can sdd
to the supply of that article in their
cuisine Is locked upon as a benefactor.
The hippo's tongue is very fine when
boiled, if the beast is young, and there
is no sense in killing: an old one. Once
I went to examine an old, tough hippo
that I had shot and found that a
crocodile had been trying to make a
meal of him. He had bitten off his
oars and had commenced upon his tail,
but the tail had resisted his effort. He
had evidently given up in disgust after
having broken eff three erf his teeth In
the attempt. The young and the fe
males with young are always fat, the
fat being found between the skin and
the flesh. In cold climates animals se
crete adipose tissue or fat, but
in equatorial Africa, where the climate
is hot, and food is to be found all the
year round, the tendency to secrete
fat is entirely absent. The wild hog is
thinner than his razor-backed cousin
in Georgia. There seems to be some
lack of proper adjustment in this, for
nowhere in all the world is fat more in
demand than in Africa.
Lions and giraffes are not found in
the Congo, but are numerous to the
north and east. Occasionally a strag
gler pets down as far as the Mobangi,
but that is a very uncommon occur
rence. Leopards, however, are fre
quently found, but they are difficult to
reach. When I was at Rafai the peo
ple were terror-stricken because of the
depredations of a man-eating leopard.
During the time of my stay he had
carried off two children— one a boy of
15. the- other a child which he had
snatched away when lying asleep be
tween two women. He was a large
animal and could leap a barrier of five
feet, carrying a heavy goat. His tracks
were large. I kept watch for him night
after night, but he eluded my strictest
vigilance. I was mortified to leave
without getting him. I, however, first
and last shot many leopards. Some
or the'r Ekins I tried to preserve, but
they were destroyed by moths.
Gorilla hunting Is exciting sport, but
shooting a gorilla is too much like
shooting one's grandfather. Looking
upon his humanlike face you feel like
a murderer. On the Sanga I killed sev
eral gorillas and chimpanzees. On the
lower Mobangi there are a few gorillas
and chimpanzees, while on the upper
river thev are unknown. ...
The monkeys have their paths among
the trees, as the elephant has his upon
the ground. If they get out of their
regular beat they become confused.
Wh*n you see a monkey parsing over
a 2imb, if you ¦watch closely you will
set* his y. hole tribe following him. over
the same lirsb. He is not difficult to
catch once his paths are known. The
monkey is easy to find, as he never
keeps still. You can follow his tracks
by the swaying branches as they gwin^
back. When he Jumps on a branch
he jroes out to the very end of it, c.o
matter how small It is or how much it
may bend under his weight. He never
IcU it go until he is within reach of
snothcr branch, and he never jumps
Contrary to what I had been led to
rxpect, I did not find snakes to be nu
merous or troublesome. Their scarcity
is to be accounted for In part by the
burning of the Ions gTass by the na
tivr*. After a fire you will see them
among: th<» embers. There is a small
greenish -headed snake, which is very
venomous, but It .will not attack and it
i.« difficult to find except by the na
tiv«s. It winds itself around the vines
and looks like a part of them. I almost
put my hand on one, when a native
drew it away. This is the snake which
l« usfd for poSson'ng arrows. The head
of the snake is cut off. pulverized and
mixed with nsdm oil. and Into the com
pound the arrows ; are dipped. - The
rytbon is often larger than , the boa
constrictor. Once when on the Sanga
the natives came running into camp
telling us that a snake had come Into
their village and had swallowed a goat.
His snakeshlp was !n a predicament
*nd »r»sented a comical appearance. The
The railroads have struggled to free
themselves from the demoralization
and loss attending unregulated and
fierce competition. The public has been
insistent upon legislation to protect
their interests against railroad com
bination.
It Is a noteworthy fact, however, that
every legislative act and court decision
directed against the railroads has thus
far resulted only in hastening their
consolidation into great systems .and
communities of interest. The Immense
concentration of control that haa taken
place in the past few years Is the out
come, In large degree, of the trans-
Missouri and trunk line decisions that
prevented the railroads from poollne.'
Yet the public has regarded with fear
and suspicion every step of the evolu
tion tov.ard the elimination of railroad
competition. The prevailing feeling
seems to be that public safety Is as
sured only by free competition, and
that loss of liberty is too high a price
to pay for the stability assured by
railroad peace. So there have for
years been two opposing forces at work
constantly, one for and the other
against monopoly.
Now it is easy to see that the elimi
nation or reduction of railroad competi
tion has its public advantages. Unre
stricted, wasteful competition has cost
the country hundreds of millions of
dollars. Railroad wars have unsettled
business and produced panics. Whole
sale cutting of rates has destroyed hun
dreds of business firms, reduced the
profits of railroad opc-ation so that
dividends have been passed, and in
many Instances have not been paid,
and the roads have gone through bank
ruptcy and reorganization.
_ On the other hand, restriction of com
petition has Imparted stability to rates,
given confidence to business men, and
Bteadiness to the markets. It has re
sulted in consolidations and alliances
which have produced a better public
service by increasing the speed and
safety of trains and applying more sci
entific methods in the transportation
of freight. ;;£.•>•
But the railroad' president's duties
are larger than those of earning divi-"
dends for his stockholders. He is,
rightly speaking, a public officer, with
important public responsibilities.
Every measure that has been taken
to prevent monopoly has seemed to
promote it, and to-day, in spite of all
State and Federal commissions and
court decisions and laws, the railroads
were never under such concentration of
control, and competition was never so
much reduced in volume and intensity.
Professor Emory R. Johnson, in his
book on "American Railway Transpor
tation," divides the railroads of the
United States into nineteen different
systems, whose mileage is over 80 per
cent of the entire 200,000. But as a
matter of fact these nineteen systems
are practically controlled by nine men,
and these nine men may be said to
represent virtually all that is left of
railway competition.
Moreover, between these . nine men
there is, in most instances, an amicable
understanding, and between some of
them a close community of interests.
This does not necessarily mean that
there is no competition. There is.
The agents of the different lines are
still active in soliciting business, both
freight and , passenger, and there is
reason to believe that in spite of laws
to the contrary secret rebates are still
made to large shippers. But excessive
competition is prevented and its waste
is saved. Rates are better regulated
and more stable, business is more
equitably distributed and earnings are
increased.
"I !>m simply a cash register," said
a railroad president some months ago.
"By pressing a button I am supposed
to ring up a dividend every time. If
I do not I am no longer fit to be pres
ident."
The old adage, "Competition is the
life of trade," does not hold good. in
modern business. The constant effort
is to get rid of competition, or at least
to reduce it so far as to prevent waste
and loss. It is true that it is said that
"commerce is war" and that success
in business can be attained onlv by
military organization and discipline.
As war means destruction, this idea
seems to be opposed to the other one
that the constant effort of business
is to get rid of competition. But in
reality they are not in antagonism,
for the object of the commercial Avar
rts to secure peace on the basis of the
elimination of competition.
This fact should be kept steadily in
view, for it lies at the very founda
tion of American railway develop
ment. The history of the railroads
has been that of a series of wars, the
object of which has been to get rid of
competition, and in large measure
they have had that result, each war
having been attended by the acquisi
tion of some conquered territory or
by a forced treaty of peace securing
each system in the unmolested enjoy
ment of its own section.
While the railroads have been
steadily petting together, the public
has been at work seeking to protect
its interests by restrictive legislation.
For it must be remembered that the
railroad company, while a private cor
poration, performs public service. It
obtains its charter and its franchises
from the public, it acquires its right
of way by condemnation proceedings
and it carries freight and passengers
as a "common carrier." The railroad
is a "road." It is a highway of steel.
It cannot be operated as a private
business. Its duties to the public are
even more imperative than its duties
to its stockholders.
BY 8ERENO S. PRATT,
itor Wall Street Journal. Author of "The
Wcrk of Wall Street."]
(Copyright. 19O4, by Joseph I'. Bowlee.)
Railroad Competition.
THE merchants of Philadelphia held a meeting re
cently, attended by the Mayor, to confer upon the
manner and measure of that city's exhibit at St.
Louis. It was finally concluded to exhibit, as the greatest
municipal achievement, a model of a proposed water filter.
The meeting then discussed the proposition to send also
the old Liberty bell. This was voted down. The statement
was made that the bell is the best advertisement that
Philadelphia has, and that it brings thousands of visitors
to the city every year. It was argued that if.it is sent
around the country people will sec it and not go to its
home for that purpose. So it is probable that the old
bell" will not see the St. Louis exposition.
San Francisco may learn much from the intentions of
other cities. Kansas City, for instance, proposes to ex
hibit a model of the convergence of her railroads, with
statements of their annual tonnage and passengers car
ried. A general survey of all the ideas expressed as to
the specialties exhibited by different cities convinces us
that San Francisco and California must, inevery possi
ble way, put forward our climatic asset. This city needs
to show moving pictures of Golden Gate Park in January,
with all of its wealth of tropical foliage, and it must be
made known that it is a scene in January. Another ex
cellent moving' picture would be the members of the
Olympic Club swimming in the surf in January. Such
things tell the story of climate more impressively than all
the tables of temperature that can be printed.
The cities of Southern California should show their
palm-lined streets, and the cities of Northern California
not only their palms, but the fruit-laden orange. trees on
private lawns. There should be November and Decem
ber views of the orange orchards of Northern California.
Everything that we produce from the soil has its origin
in our climate and should be used to make impressive
exhibit of that great physical fact. It affects all our ma
terialities. They converge in it and diverge from it. It
is the central force.
The more one reads of what Eastern cities will do
the greater Is the impression that we can show manu
factures, evidences of the perfection of our public institu
tions and examples of all they can show. We can exhibit
our mineral wealth, with the greatest variety of valuable
metals and minerals found in any State in the Union.
All of this is of the highest value, but in our climate we
have a peculiar possession which we share with.no other
part of the world.
We have dwelt insistently on this subject, because a
vast majority of our people are content to remain in the
State, and do not go outside of it. By habit they take
the climate as a matter of course. It is as if they had
diamonds for nursery playthings in their childhood and
had grown up using them for jack-stones, counters and
pocket pieces. Under such circumstances they ' would
take the brilliants as common things and a matter of
course, and would not appreciate the value put upon
them by others to whom they were not common. Our
climate is our Kohinpor. ., -But we have had it always and
all the lime and do not appreciate it as keenly as the
stranger, to whom it is a thing rare and to be sought.
In this connection we desire to remind our deciduons
friends in Oakland that if they plant deciduous trees on
their streets their city cannot become a winter exhibit
of climate. The bare branches of their trees will class
them with Winnipeg and Oshkosh. An Eastern man
looking for a desirable place to live and enjoy the climate
of California would turn Oakland down on such a picture,
alone. It will do no good to talk to him about the senti
ment that caused the use of the elms. He has known
elms all his life. He wants now to go where the palm
is and to rest him under the bamboo tree.
The bare branches of elms are associated with the
east wind that gives pneumonia to the pump on Boston
Common, and distempers the codfish that shows the way
the wind blows on the Massachusetts State House. You
might as well try to attract him by the picture of a snow
man or a cake of ice. He is cold and has a cough, and
these things give him a spinal shiver. But the picture of
a palm sets him dreaming of sunshine and flowers Let
us be sure and take advantage of these winter months by
getting a line of pictures that set forth our climatic asset,
for we have a monopoly of it.
THE CITIES AT ST. LOUIS.
goat, which had been crushed and swal
lowed, oould be scarcely denned. Carry
ing such an undigested load, the snake
had lost its power of locomotion. He
lay with head erect and with eyes
flashing defiance, but a well-directed
shot caused him to stretch himself out
at full length. And so the natives got
back their goat, and they got besides
an abundant supply of python steaks,
which, by the way, is quite a delicacy,
and If one did not know what it was it
would be Imposible for him to distin
guish it from the finest quality of fish.
Townsend's California glace traits and
candies. 50c a pound, tn artistic flre
etched boxes. .A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st. above Call bids *
Special • information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). r» Caa:
fornia, street. Telephone Main ifrO. •
A visiting representative and agent of Japan says that
his Government will install ' at St.. Louis a display of
eighty thousand exhibits costing, three million dollars.
It is such demonstrations as this will be that arc to
raise Japan in; the scales of dignity in the family of na
tions.. No single nation in the world is, now able per
haps to. inspire either respect or fear by its military es
tablishment %%'
John Banvard. who afterward be
came famous as the p?Inter of a great
panorama of Mississippi scenery, set
out in his boyhood. In the early thir
ties, to travel down the "Great Water"
in a flatbeat with a number of com
panions. They built their boat on the
Wabash, and were to pay their way by
exhibiting dloramic views in the cabin
at landings. Unfortunately the candle
lights were not flien ' shining through
tl.e sycamores along the Wabash, and
before the adventurers reached a set
tled region they ran out of provisions.
In the woods they ecru, find nothing
but papawa, luscious at first, but quick
ly cloying.
For two days,. wrote the 16-year-old
Banvard; we had. nothing whatever to
eat but those a wf u 1 • papaws. ,The ¦ very
hi the Midst of Plenty.
Some surprise has been expressed that three thieving
Porto Ricans accomplished the other day what the po
lice force has found it impossible to accomplish in years
of apparent endeavor. Uncle Sam's resident proteges
entered a Chinese gambling den without molestation or
difficulty.- Their success should under no circumstances
be construed as'a reflection either upon the intelligence
or the shrewdness of our. police.
ELECTRIC RAILWAYS— Subscriber,
City. The first appliance of electric
power to a railway was by Thomas
Davenport of Brandon, Vt.. In 1S35.
In that year he built a circular track
and ran a car upon It, thereby proving
the possibility of using electricity as a
motor. In 1S31 Professor Page of the
Smithsonian Institution of Washing
ton. D. C, equipped and moral by
electricity a sixteen-horsepower loco
motive, which was run over the Call
more and Washington Railroad at the
rate -? 19 miles an hour. In 18S7 T. J.
Sprage offered*to and did equip twenty
cars of the Union Passenger Railway
of Richmond, Va. and these worked
successfully. They may be said to be
the practical pioneers of the now great
system of electric cars in the United
States. Between 1ST2 and 1SS7 there
were many experiments with electricity
as a motive power for street cars in
Europe, particularly in Berlin, Ger
many. Cars are now run at a speed by
this power as high as 120 miles an
hour.
I bear It when Autumn passes.
With eyes that are sad «i3 mine
Cast down on her withered grasses
' That die in the cold sunshine.
I bear it when Winter lingers.
And I may cower, caressed
By passionless, chill, white fingers
To numbness against her breast.
I bear it when blue skies darken
To black on my window-pane.
And I lean on the sill and hearken
The rush of the long Spring rain.
Storm stresses can still the yearning
And numbness can ease the ache-
But I think in the red returning
Of rosj^-my heart will break.
— Smart Set.
The Recurrent Daw
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICIALS—
Subscriber City. The charter of the.
city and county of San Francisco on
the subject of residence of officials
says: "All deputies, clerks, assistants*
and other employes of the city and
county must be citizens of .the United
States and must during their respective
terms of office or employment actually
reside in the city and county, and
must have so resided for one year next
preceding their appointment."
TRANSFER— Subscriber. Coif ax, Cal.
The liquid that is used to transfer
newspaper pictures to either white pa
per or glass or wood is nitric acid in
water in the proportion of 1 to 3*2, ac
cording to the strength of the paper
from which the picture is to be taken
and whether it is ordinary news paper
or calendered paper.
CALIFORNIA GOLD — Subscriber.
City. According to the figures of
Charles G. Yale, statistician of the
CaliJ^rnia State Mining Bureau, the
product of gold in California from 1S4S
to 1102, inclusive, is $1,379,275,408.
KING EDWARD has released from prison Colonel
Arthur Lynch, who was rash enough to enter the
field against his country at the head of the Irish
Brigade during the Boer war, and who had been con
demned to life imprisonment upon the charge of treason.
It seems that the wish, privately expressed by President
Roosevelt to Sir Thomas Lipton, had borne fruit in
this magnanimous act on the part of the King,' and
Lynch is free to go "on license," that is without pardon.
This manifestation of royal clemency on the part of the
King redounds to his credit and shows him to be a man
fit' to rule an enlightened nation in these modern times.
.Not only will it win for him the general praise of the
world, but the order for release is calculated to do more
to appease the people of Ireland than all the debates up
on conciliation in Parliament which could be heard be
tween now and the next Christmas holidays. The typi
cal Irishman is as keen to appreciate a kindness as he is
ready to fight against an injury. When the head of the
nation against which he has. been directing all of his
passionate endeavors frees from punishment one of his
own heroes who has sinned the great sin of nations, the
stroke will undoubtedly! come home to his heart.
"Had Colonel Lynch committed his treason two. hun
dred and fifty years ago he would have been hanged as
high as Hainan and possibly his body would have been
parceled out among the most turbulent districts of Ire
land for a lesson. It is a far cry from the speedy execu
tion of a William Wallace or a Monmouth to the libera
tion of one who fought against the flag of the country
in whose legislative assembly he had once had a place.
Such action shows that the medieval ideas 'of crime and
punishment. have come under the softening influence of
modern civilization and that the world is going forward.
KING EDWARD'S MERCY.
TWO BUILDINGS— The highest point
of the City Hall in San Francisco from
the line of the sidewalk la 325 feet.
The highest point of the Claus Spreck
els building is S27 feet.
'Anszvers to Queries.
We think that if any of the com
muters should visit the exposition that
they would feel much more at home If
the suggestions above are carried out.
Yours truly,
AN OLD AND APPRECIATIVE SUB
SCRIBER.
Editors of The Call— Gentlemen:
Noticing your article in Sunday's Ca'.l,
"Plan to reproduce union ferry depot
at the St. Louis Exposition," I hav«
this suggestion to make, that when the
building is completed at St. Louis and
is brilliantly illuminated with electric
lights on the outside that In order to
make it appear more realistic to the
people who are familiar with the in
teriW of the building I think 'it would
be well to reproduce the smells of stale
fish, decayed vegetables, horse manure
and other vile smells through which
the commuters have to pass whenever
they have to travel to or from the boat.
Mark Twain says that "the only way
tc make a San Franciscan feel at home
while traveling is to have some one
with a pair of bellows to blow sand
down his neck."
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 23.
Subcriber's Suggestion.
An Australian millionaire, otherwise peaceably inclined,
says he intends to enter the yachting lists, lift the Amer
ica cup and present it to Canada. JVVc could stand every
thing involved except the threatened presentation to Can
ada. She doesn't seem able'to take care of herself, much
less of anything that we prize highly enough to defend
with spirit.
Instantly Dan saw that he had been
"jobbed," and in stentorian tones ex
claimed: "I see you d — d fools are so
drunk you can't get the poinU of that
yarn! I'll tell it again." Then he got
the laugh, with interest, and his friends
realized that it is hard to get ahead of
an Irishman.
When the late Dan O'Connell lived !
over in Marln County he was visited by
one of his friends from the Bohpmian
Club, to whom he told an absolutely
new and good story, which had been
Eent to Dan by a friend in Ireland.
"Don't tell this yarn at the club," Dan
admonished him, "because I want to
use it at the next 'round-table* dinner."
These "round-table" dinners were
given by twenty-five select members of
the Bohemian Club, who loved a good
story, but would not tolerate the tell
ing of an ancient one. Dan's perfidous
club mate not only violated the confi
dence which the jolly poet had placed
in him by telling the story to the
"knights of the round-table," but also
"put ur> a job" on the genial Daniel.
In due time came the night of the din
ner, and when the fun was at its height
there were loud cries for O'Connell.
Dan rose in his place and in his mas
terly way told his newest anecdote. But
when he had finished instead of the
burst of applause v/hich he had expect
ed there wa.s absolute silence, and the
diners went calmly on with their eat
ing.
' O'Connell's New Story.
Trie London Globe. In raking over its
old files, finds a story printed January
4. 1S14, which shows that some of our
.Yankee privateers used to keep John
Bull on the anxious seat occasionally.
The article reads: 1S14 — The town of
Port Patrick was put into a consider
able state of alarm on Sunday, the 14th,
last. A ship, in mold and rig resem
bling the True-blooded Yankee, hov
ered all day close off the harbor, with
every appearance of an intention to
destroy the town and shipping. So great
was the alarm that the packet agent,
by the advice of Dr. McKenzie, one of
the owners, would not permit a vessel
to sail -with the mail. Lieutenant
Rutherford, commanding the Dum
friesshire militia In the barracks, or
dered them under arms. The sailors.
boatmen, robberymen and townsmen
armed themselves with marllnspikes,
boathooks. spades, pitchforks, fowling
pieces and every other weapon they
could procure, determined to oppose the
landing of the Americans. At night the
alarm did not subside. Lieutenant
Rutherford directed three of his men
to take post on the quay, while he him
self remained all night under arms
with the rest of his detachment. Much
praise Is due to this gallant officer for
the zeal and activity he displayed upon
the occasion, as also to the Collector of
Customs, who dispatched an express to
Greenock for a ship of war, and headed
his townsmen. In the morning it was
learned that the strange ship was not
the True-blooded Yankee, but an
armed merchantman, belonging to the
Clyde, and that, owing to adverse
winds, he had come to anchor In Loch
Ryan.
Wholesome Respect.
A REPORT from Washington that the naval authori
ties contemplate removing the naval training
school from Yerba Buena Island has given some of
our contemporaries fearful dreams of a conspiracy on the
part of the officials of the navy to destroy San Francisco
by withdrawing the business that gathers around the
training school, and keeping out of the channels of our
trade the money appropriated for the maintenance of the
school.
Such dreams are nightmares. Yerba Buena is but an
uncomfortable and insufficient place for a school of any
kind. It is swept by every cold wind and drenched by
every fog that blows in from- the ocean. Boys coming
from the interior to enter the school are exposed to a
change of climatic conditions so severe that not a few of
them are seriously affected by it. There is not sufficient
level ground on the island for the needs of the school, and,
moreover, the seas immediately outside the Heads are
nearly always too rough for boys who are but beginning
a novitiate in the service.
There remains an even greater objection to the main
tenance of a naval training school or any government in
stitution on the island. Were the place well fitted in
every way for the school, it would none the less be a
folly to maintain it there; for the island is too valuable
for commerce to t devote it to any. other than commercial
purposes.
Yerba Buena should belong to the city and be used for
the convenience of the vast commerce that is to center
in our harbor. The more the Government makes use of
it the more difficult vyill it be for the city to get it out of
the hands of the Government. We ought, therefore, to
hail with satisfaction the report that the Department of
the Navy is inclined to remove the training school.
There may be differences of opinion as to what point
should be selected for the permanent location, but there
ought to be none in this city nor in Oakland over the
proposal to remove it from Yerba Buena. That island of
right belongs to San Francisco: it is needed for our com
merce and thesooncr we get it the better.
YERBA BUENA ISLAND.
Sharkey, known to ill-fame. even in the world of plug
uglies, is making for San Francisco to seek a refuge
and a little easy money. He will probably receive, both.
In its patronage; of pugs this city enjoys the unique dis
tinction among American cities of being the only place
where the people delight to be foole'd by everybody all
the time.
Discouraged and forlorn, we turned
to our bag of papaws for what consola
tion we could find, then went to sleep.
In the night we floated free, and at
daylight were in the woods again, eight
miles below those luscious provisions.
That wa3 one of the most awful trage-
sight or memory of one made me shud
der. Then, on a Joyful, sunny after
noon, we approached Shawneetown,
Illinois, on the Ohio River, where we
were advertised to exhibit. As we came
in we could see on the bank a crowd of
people. Some carried chickens, some
eggs, some yams, some potatoes, some
"sidemeat" (bacon) and some corn
meal. Our dinner was in sight, for all
those things were intended as payment
for admission at the door, and all were
"good." 1
Our stomachs hungered and our
mouths watered for the feast; but alas!
we were too eager. Working our boat
toward land, we ran upon a reef and
stuck fast. Every effort to set us free
failed. Darkness came on, and before
our eyes our "house"* disbanded and
went home, carrying our supper with it.
Punctually at 10 o'clock the court was
opened, but neither of the lawyers had
appeared until five minutes, even ten
minutes', had passed, when the swing
ing doors opened and both men rushed
into the court. They were about to
apologize for their tardiness in explain
ing that the country stage upon which
they rode was delayed. Their appear
ance indicated the cause of their delay.
Colonel Dudley wora a white, or rather
a dirty linen duster, while Darwin was
garbed in a rusty tweed suit. Neither
had been shaved for a week and. in
fact, j they looked more, like a pair of
tramps than lawyers.
Judge Pratt eyed them for a few sec
onds, then his wrath overcame him and
he said: "Mr. Sheriff, adjourn this
court until 2 p. m., at which time it is
hoped that members of the bar having
official business in the District Court
will appear as if they had not been sud
denly released from a place where wild
animals are confined. This court is
grievously offended."
At 2 o'clock the needed change had
taken place in the appearance of the
two men.
Judge Pratt' s Rebuke.
It was in the early '60's, when San
Francisco was emerging from a tent
village into a city, that O. C. Pratt oc
cupied the old Fourth District Court
bench. At that period silk 'hats, white
boiled shirts and broadcloth coats, ex
cept when .worn by clergymen, were in
deed a rarity. Judge Pratt, who was a
Southerner of the Chesterfield school,
carried his ideas of etiquette to the
bench with him to -the extent that he
even wore kid gloves while presiding.
There was a very important case on
trial in his court, in which Charles B.
Darwin and Colonel Dudley were the
opposing counsels. Both of these law
yers were just the reverse of the
Judges spotless dignity in their gen
eral make-up. In fact, they were slov
enly In the extreme. It was on a Holi
day morning when the scene occurred
in which both gentlemen were made
feel the stinging rebuke of Judge Pratt
on acount of their untidiness.
nations for the Indian civil service in London, where very
few native applicants for position can-^gp to compete
against British applicants; the oppressive methods re
sorted to to raise revenues, and 'finally the enforcement
on '.India of land laws, which while good in Great Britain,
where they are in accord with the traditions and the sen
timent.of the people, are found to be unfair and injurious
to the Indian natives, who do not understand them and
cannot conform to them.
* The resolutions of course will have little effect upon
the Indian Government unless supported by a strong
party. in Great Britain. Fortunately it is not at all im
probable that such support will be given. Some of the
foremost men, who have served* the crown in' India are
in full accord with the claims and protests put forward
by' the congress, and when the issue arises in Parliament
the Ministers may have to. concede a good deal of what
has been so reasonably stated and so justly asked. By
slow degree? the Indians in fact are attaining a fair
measure of self government under the crown, and the
sooner it is granted the greater will be the glory of the
empire that has made such government among such a
people politically possible.
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL. THURSDAY, JANUARY ,28, 1301.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO; CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ? ...Address All Commtinications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <t^rr*ga^s|jgj> Third and Market Streets, S. P.
THURSDAY... .' ...........JANUARY 28, 1904
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Skips by Light of the Moon.
Joseph Johnson, clerk in a lodging
bouse at 1206 Market street, secured a
warrant from Police Judge Mogan yes
terday for the arrest of William Davis,
an advertising man, on the charge of
aeirauding an lnnKeeper. Johnson al-
Joseph Nahille, an electrician, was
badly, burned yesterday by the explo
sion of a gasoline stove,, while working
on" a new building at- Third and Mis
sion streets, j He was removed to the
French Hospital ; ¦¦'^^^^^^
Electrician Badly Burned.
Ask any good grocer for Hills Bros.'
Arabian Roast Coffee. • . '. . • .
The case of Thomas Davis, charged
with feloniously assaulting Mrs. A. H.
Ames on the high seas, was transferred
to the United States Circuit Court, the
District Court not having Jurisdiction
in capital cases. The penalty for the
crime is death or imprisonment at
hard labor for life.
John R. Mclbourn filed a complaint
yesterday in the United States District
Court against Oliver J. Olsen, as owner
of the schooner Alpha, to recover $65
balance of wages alleged to be due as
chief mate.
DL«trict Court Notes.
This week 25 por cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. •
Robinson says that a search was
made and the gray horse was discov
ered in a stable at 2934 Fulton street.
Ashworth is a cigar merchant arid lives
at the Langharn Hotel.
J. w; Miller, representing Klaus &
Robinson of the Palo Alto stables, 320
O'Farrell street, secured a search war
rant from Police Judge Cabaniss yes
terday afternoon to recover possession
of a gray horse valued at 5150, which It
was alleged was in a stable at 2934 Ful
ton street. Miller swore to a complaint
charging Thomas Ashworth and "John
Doe" Xorton with grand larceny.
W. H. Robinson; . a member of the
firm, who accompanied Miller, said that
Ashworth called at the stables yester
day morning and said he knew two men
who would purchase the gray horse.
He put up a deposit of $10 and went
away. He returned later to take away
the horse, but was informed he would
first have to pay the balance of. $140.
Ashworth, Robinson alleges. Jumped on
the horse's back, saying he would take
a turn around the block to try the ani
mal, "but' he did not come' back.
Search Warrant Secured and Also
Warrant for Arrest of Two Men
for Grant! Larceny.
ALLEGED HORSE SALE
LEADS TO TROUBLE
leges that Davis owed $40 for
board, lodging and medical attendance,
and on Monday night he surreptitiously
took his departure after lowering his
personal effects out of the window of
his room by means of a clothes line.
Albert E. Martin, 694 Fulton street,
who was accompanied by his wife,
swore to a complaint before Police
Judge Conlan yesterday charging Mar
tin Alton with threats against his life.
Martin said that he had been mar
ried for about a year. Alton had known
Mrs. Martin prior to her marriage, and
for the last three months he had been
calling at the Martin residence during
the husband's absence and trying to
poison Mrs. Martin's mind against her
husband. When ordered to leave he
would persist in remaining and annoy
ing Mrs. Martin.
A letter was produced which Alton
had written to Martin challenging him
to mortal combat, offering him the
choice of weapons and threatening to
kill him at the first opportunity. Mar
tin said he had a number of letters
written by Alton to his wife couched in
the most endearing terms. He wanted
Alton arrested and bound over to keep
the peace, as he was a source of an
noyance to him and his wife and might
carry out his threats. Alton lives in
Oakland.
Albert E. Martin Obtains Warrant for
Arrest of Martin Alton Tor Threats
Against Life.
ISSUES A CIL\LLEXGE
; TO MORTAL COMBAT
When the clothes of the murdered
man were introduced the people in the
courtroom rose in curiosity. Judge
Cabaniss ordered them to resume their
seats and took occasion to tell the wo
men present that they should be home
attending to their household duties in
stead of in a police couri.
When quiet was restored Attorney
Salomon cross-examined Meehan and
elicited the fact that the deputy,
through his experience in handling dead
"There was nothing that I could find
to indicate that there had been a-strug
gle before the man was killed."
Detective Armstrong, who was first
detailed on the case, tola of the condi
tion of the body and the pockets being
turned inside out. He said he searched
for signs of a struggle and a weapon,
but found none. His testimony was a
repetition of that given at the Coroner's
inquest on Tuesday.
Deputy Coroner Charles W. Meehan
rehearsed the details of the f removal
ol the corpse to the Morgue and identi
fied the clothes, which were produced
by Hanley, as the ones he had removed
from the body of Blaise. The clothing,
on a motion of the prosecution, was
admitted as evidence.
COURT REBUKES WOMEN.
with his head toward the wall and ins
legs pointing' to the east, slightly in
the direction of Vallejo street. There
was a stranger coming down the hill
toward the body when I was approach
ing it in company with Hogan. The
stranger fciclrcd up Blaise's hat and
crave it to me and I placed it over the
dead man's head. I do not know who
the. man was, as he got away during
the time that I was searching for a
weapon and endeavoring to determine
whether it was a case of murder or
suicide.
William Hogan, the millhand who
first discovered the body of Blaise,
gave testimony that was a duplication
of that given by him at the Coroner's
inquest. The only difference made by
Hogan yesterday v.as that when asked
the distance that the body lay from
the wail he said it was two and a half
feet, and he had testified at the Coro
ner's inquest that it was three and a
half feet away. Hogan said that the
dead man wore a blue suit when he
found him, and that his hat, a soft
Fedora, lay fifteen feet diagonally up
the hill toward Vallejo street from the
body.
Sergeant Christianson, the officer wh-j
was notified by Hogan that there was
a man lying in the cut, told of h!s
search for a weapon and his reaching
the conclusion that the man had been
murdered. He said: '"Wlien I reached
the body the soil about it was very
muddy and damp from the fog of the
night before. The dead man was lying
bones, the two cuts on the head and
neck being the only injuries.
Russell ?ho\ved by his diagram that
the spot at which the body lay was the
darkest in the block, being entirely
without any light from the lamp on
the southeast corner of Vallejo street,
which is nearest to the place and is en
tirely 6hut out by the grade of the
street. The diagram was admitted in
ovidenor..
The other lamp, on the northeast
corner of Green and Taylor streets. was
shown to ba 1\~, feet from the fatal spot
and shed but little light on account of
the up grade from it to the spot.
Attorney Salomon : for the defense,
showed by Russell that there was a
roadway on top of the wall at the foot
of which Blaise's body lay.
NO SIGN OF STRUGGLE.
bodies, had formed the opinion that
Blaise had been dead about eight or
ten/ hours. The attorneys seized at
Median's declaration that the man had
been dead but eight Hoprs, but Meehan
refused to be put down as an authority
and stated that his estimation of tha
time was but roughly made.
Mrs. Emma Christianson, wife of
Sergeant Christianson, told of hearing
screams on the night of the murder.
Her testimony varied from that she
had already given. When murder was
first suspected Mrs. Christianson said
she heard the screams about 11 or 12
o'clock in the night. Yesterday on the
stand she said that she heard loud,
piercing: screams between 8:45 and 9
o'clock on the Sunday night of January
10. She said: "I was sitting in the
kitchen, the windows of which face on
Taylor street, toward the spot where
the body was found. The kitchen win
dows were open part way and between
8:45 and 9 o'clock I heard several loud
screams, seemingly coming from a man
of powerful voice. I know it was at
that time, because' I had some neigh
bor's children in the house and they
went home at 8:55. I heard the screams
a few minutes before. The sound
came from the direction of Russian
Hill, where the dead man was found."
On cross-examination Mrs. Christian
son was forced to admit that she could
not tell whether the screams came
from the particular portion of Russian
Hill where Blaise was found dead or
from the corner of Green and Taylor
streets, directly across from her
house. She thought, though, that they
came from the direction of the hill, but
would not be positive.
MRS. NEIBLAS FLOUNDERS.
Mrs. Neiblas was the next witness
and the remainder of the afternoon
was taken up with her testimony. In
LEON* SOEDER. ACCUSED OF THE MURDER OF JOSEPH BLAISE. AS HEAPPEARED MANACLED TO A DE
TECTIVn OX HIS WAY TO POLICE JUDGE CABANISS' COURTROOM TO UNDERGO PRELIMINARY
EXAMINATION ON THE CHARGE AGAINST HIM.
Police Officer Russell took the stand
first and testified as to the diagram
he had made of the vicinity in which
the body of Blaire was found. Rus-
Fell. who is employed by the Police De
partment to make such drawings in
criminal cr.scs. told of the distance
from the lampposts on the corners of
Green and Taylor and Vallejo _and
Taylor streets to the Bpot
Blaise's body was found. He testified
that the distance from the pool of
blood found directly beneath the cut
in Blaise's neck to the stone wall on
the side of the «treet was exactly two
feet and ten inches, thus bringing the
tip of the man's head to a point within
two feet of the wall.
Russell said that the height of the
wall, measured from the spot where
Blaise's body was found, was thirty
seven feet and six Inches. This testi
mony was offered by the prosecution
in order that the defense might not al
lege that Blaise fell to his death from
the wall. A men falling from a dis
tance of thirty-seven feet -would be
precipitated farther into the street
than the rpot where the body was
found The testimony of the autopsy
turgeon will further bear out this fact
when he testifies that Blaise's body
xvas devoid of any bruises or fractured
"When the complaint against Soeder
was re3dAttorney Alexander Campbell
J!.. who, together with Attorney Salo
mon, represents him, objected to it on
the :rround that It had been made
on information and belief and not on
evidence secured against his client.
Judge Cabaniss overruled the objec
tion and Raid Detective Gibson had
preferred the charge on evidence se
cured against the accused man.
in. between the hours of 6 and 10.
Yesterday she said she would not have
seen any light in Soeder's room had
there been one on that night and that
she would not have heard him come
in, as she was bus-y in the kitchen.
BCSSmX MAKES DIAGRAM.
'-::?• room to hers. She also asserted
prior to yesterday that the door lead
ing: into the house from the front and
the door leading to Soeder's room
from the hall made a good deal of
noi?e on being opened and that she.
being in the kitchen the greater part
of that Sunday evening, would have
h^ard any one who might have come
The hcriiir.g went on slowly owing
To the prosecution not having been
fuljy prepared with the evidence in
¦the case. It was not comoleted and
at 4 o'clock the court adjourned to
1 1 . o'clock this morning:. The hear
ing was particularly devoid of any
testimony of an important nature that
has not already been published. Mrs.
Xeiblas changed her testimony, yes
terday, as Fhr- has dorre every tim^
sh"D has been called on to relate what
she knows of Soeder's movements.
She had previously stated that if Soe
ver had been in his room up to 10
o'clock on the night that' Blaise wo.s
murdered, as he alleged he was, she
¦would have seen the light from hi?
]';mp under the door that leads from
Deputy District Attorney James M.
Hanley prosecuted. District Attorney
nyington was present and during the
hearing offered suggestions. Detec
tive Thcmas Gibson sat next the peo
ple's attorneys.
As Soeder passed down the corri
dor he cast a sneering glance at the
curious that lined his way. He seem
ed cool and collected and throughout
the hearing listened intently to the
testimony of the various witnesses. He
occupied a position between his at
torneys and Detective Armstrong, ani
several times d.uring the recitation of
thu facts of the case by the witnesses
he smiled, the testimony seeming hu
morous to him.
L^on Solder, charged with the mur
der of Joseph Blaise, his brother-in
l^.w. after insuring the latter's life in
hys own behalf, was led. handcuffed to
a detective, through a surging crowd
of people into Police Judge Cabaniss'
courtroom yesterday to b^sin the or
deal of his preliminary hearing.
The hall and the corridor leading
the courtroom were jammed with
a curiously inclined mob of people
that rwayed and crushed in an at
tempt to get a glimpse of the alleged
ir.urderer, or obtain access to the
courtroom. Several policemen were
required to force the people back in
order that the witnesses in the case
might pass ir.ride.
There was a wild and excited
f -mmble among the morbid people
that lined the way to see this man,
< harmed with one of the most cold-
Mooded and mysterious crimes of the
year. Soeder was handcuffed to De
t«rtiv» Armstrong, and other officers
valk«?d close by the prisoner, who is
regarded by the police as a desperate
criminal.
Judge Rebukes Women
Who Neglect Duty to
Attend Court.
Hearing of Leon Soeder,
Accused of the Crime,
Is Begun.
Rays of Street Lamp Never
,* Reach Piace Chosen
for Foul Deed.
When the hearing was over Soeder
called Attorney Salomon and told him
that the police insisted on keeping him
in a dark cell anjd treated him as a
convicted criminal.
Salomon was wroth and said that in
court to-day he would complain of the
manner in which the police have been
treating his client. "I have always un
derstood," said Salomon, "that a man
is innocent until proven guilty, and 1
do not think that the police have any
right to keep Soeder in a dark cell until
they have^proven this charge of mur
der .which Hhey have entered against
his name."
Judge Cabaniss was not much Im
pressed at the evidence produced yes
terday, and said it would be necessary
for the prosecution to show more in
order to get Soeder bound over to the
Superior Court for trial.
Detective Gibson said that when Miss
Flatley was placed on the stand to
day there would be some startling tes
timony. The Call has always alleged
that Miss Flatley was the most im
portant witness for the prosecution,
and it is known that the police rely more
on her than on any of the other wit
nesses in producing evidence enough to
get a conviction of Soeder. The Insur
ance men also are yet to be examined.
Mrs. Neiblas told of Soeder's many
trips to her house on the Monday in
question, and said that she saw him re
move from Blaise's grip what she after
ward learned were the insurance poli
cies. She told of Soeder's telling her
that he had seen Blaise's body at the
Morgue and his statement that he had
several times passed the spot \/here
Blaise was found murdered. She also
related how'* she 7 had' seen her husliand
try one of Soeder's shoes in the tracks
in front of Soeder's window, and said It
fitted exactly the imprints there. -
At this Juncture the adjournment was
taken.
Mrs. Neiblas told of her discovery of
a two-ounce bottle of chloroform on the
mantel in Soeder's room the day before
the murder, and said that on the Mon
day the murder was discovered it dis
appeared. Her testimony in regard to
Soeder's possession of a pistol was use
less, as she said she thought it was in
his overcoat pocket at 2 o'clock on the
Monday that the body was found. She
thought it was there because she had
seen it once before in the coat pockef,
and on Monday, at the time she testi
fied to, she says she brushed against
the coat in hanging it up and thought
the weapon was still there. It has been
shown that Soeder pawned the revolver
before 10 o'clock on the .morning of the
discovery of the murder.
"What did Soeder say when you told
him that Blaise was dead on Monday,
the 11th of January?" asked Hanley.
"He said, 'Go on: go 'way,' and when
my husband told him that Blaise had
been murdered he said, 'Great God!'"
answered Mrs. Xeiblas.
KE1T IX DARK CELL.
"Do you know what color of clothes
Soeder wore on the Sunday njght that
he left the house in company with his
brother-in-law?" was asked.
"I do not," was the reply.
"What time did they leave the
house on that day?"
"At ten minutes to 5. I heard the
door slam as they went out."
The woman then said that had Soedpr
returned by 10 o'clock on that night
she would not-have heard him, as she
was busy In the kitchen. She said she
went to bed with her husband at 10:15
and did not know whether Soeder was
in at that time. She testified that the
lamp in Soeder's room, which she had
filled on the Sunday of the murder,
showed next day very little evidence of
Laving burned. Little oil was gone.
Soeder has stated that he sat in his
room with the lamp lighted, waiting
for Blaise to come home.
the main her testimony was the same
as that she gave at the Coroner's in
quest on Tuesday, except the portion
which she revised about her ability to
tell whether Soeder was in his room at
the time he claims he was on the night
of the murder.
"Could you see a light under the door
between your room . and Boeder's?"
asked Hanley.
; "I - could not if the portieres were
drawn," responded Mrs. Neiblas.
Mrs. Neiblas testified that Blaise al
ways wore a blue suit and that Soeder
wore a gray suit on the day that he
secured the room in her house, but
wore black generally.
DETECTIVE'S DIAGRAM SHOWS DARKEST SPOT AT BASE OF RUSSIAN HILL
WAS CHOSEN BY MURDERER WHO SENT JOSEPH, BLAISE TO HIS DEATH
THE SAX FRANCISCO ; CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28 ? 1004.
9
A PORTFOLIO OF
CALIFOBNIA VIEWS '
To Want Advertisers
In Next Sunday's Call.'.' •
Bring your ad to The Call
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
of this week and get one ,of
these pretty little souvenirs. '
GRAPE-HUTS.
Taste Good
for lunch
Grape-Nuts
and Cream
AsrusEMFrvrs. -^
CALIFORNIA
J&& 8ZCO2n> WEEK.
fif SEATS HOW SEUXXTG. t.
H MX. EDWARD MORGAN t.
M And the entire original cast, exactly a3 '
fi seen during the five months" run at tha g
H Victoria Theater. X»w York.
tj IN HALL CACHETS LATEST MAS- \
|] TERP1ECE. <
| THE...
§ ETERNAL CITY f
U SPECIAL PRICES— $1 CO. $1.00. 73c. j
y Me. 23c. n
H Matinee prices same as for ev<>ntn< If
« performances. CURTAIN PROMPTLY »
•I AT S. i^
A The Great International
mrszcAX. comedy
TBIUMPH.
CHINESE
HONEY-
MOON
.Nightly, including Sundays.
MATINEE SATURDAYS ONLY.
Matiaea Safardaj— La«t Three Vlfffctst
"HE'S. A GOOD HOGS. HEXI. STAND
WITHOUT HITCHING."
W. H. TURNER
In Julius Cahn's Successful Production.
BEGINNING NEXT SCNDAT MATINEE
• Josepb Arthur's Latest Success.
LOST RIVER.
UIT. A^ P07TJXJU2 PSICES.
A PRODIGIOUS PROGRAMME!
Johnny and Emma Ray; Cortina antl
Mnmi; Duffy, Sawtclle and I>nffjr;
lloldcn and Florence; Last Times
of the SteJn-Eretto Family; Stanley
and Wilson: Kelly and Violotte, and
Irrlns Jones, and Orphcum Motion
Pictnres.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Th-j/C*-
Jay. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c. l!'<o
and 50c. •
Tivqusoig
THIRD WEEK OF THE GREAT SUCCES3,
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home,
A Military 5pectacu!ar Comic Open by Staa-
islau* Stance an! Julian •Iwaros.
Martini Music! P«ctur«*s>cn:* Scenery! North-
ern Soldier* ar.d Southern Sweethearts:
MATINKE SATUKDAT.
In Preparation — "THS GIPSY BARON.'
Uroal Ponular Prices 23c, COc and 73c
Box 3s;ats $1.00
S pposc j Aware
You B Thit
Thla and Next Week Conclude the Successful
Cneasement of
...THE BEAUTY SHOP..,
So do not wait, but come quick and get
seats.
Verily the Hit of Hits.
Everything: Kocd, Including: tho songs, spe-
cialties and plot.
Matinees Saturday, and Sunday.
Monday. February 8, Again a Xovelty—
"Koly Poly."
; Flnt ,App<aranee of Nellie Lynch.
BiSli-CUss Specialties Evary Afternooa
and Srcninjr In tn« Tnoronffaly '
Heated Theater.
TO-3TXGHT
GALA AMATcUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES
SEE THE CHINESE BABT GIRL. IN THE
SEE thc- INFA NT INCUBATOR.
ADMISSION 10c I CHTLDREN 3o
Waen Phoning Asfc for "The Chutea."
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. TUB
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
•U'"** xth ¦ to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
||fj ¦'«352St5?vf ry4 &3-*£*jB. JC*SJL. JL Si* t-n
ADVEBTISEMENTa.
BfFjftg^^^^ rnn *W'»¥ AND t< jK3
T«ADt fiSilSr^ti MARK
Fretful babies become calm
and peaceful babies when fed
on Mellin's Food. Mellin's
Food nourishes,
A sample of McMin's Food costs you nothing
but the asking. Will you not then ask for
it for your baby's sales ?
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
flgBBMIIHimWHMaB— — — — M *toL
-__^ __ «> __.
Famous tne World ' j
Over— Fully. Matured*
•Sold Everywhere. j
HlLUKJiT MKHCANTII.K CO..
l'acinc Coast Attats. , :.
fcr--— 11 in 111 ' ¦¦ t*dw
: ! TA B W U RST §
! K^ccLjct brand |
QOAITER SIZES Q8ARTIB EASH B
3 CLUETT, PEA9OOY A CO. *i
Maters of Cluett tnrt Monarch SjtfxtsH
Palace don't fail to
j COURT Lounging
/Ifin room, thi EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, ths
r> % PALM ROOM, the
finiflU LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim LOK ead the LA-
II J.~1~ DIE S' WRITING
1 Hotels 1 room-
j : ,
Always^Remcnsber tbe Full . Name
H OSStfcV© &5,S*O1»2O
CsrcS a Cold in One Day, Crip in 2 Days
&• 'J^J&fr&irtLe** bos. 25c
i »¦¦ ' *
AM pStaiEXTS.
A T fi A *7 A D Eelasco &. Mayer.
! . General Manager-
EXCITINQ EXORMOUS ENTHUSIASM.
CHEERS. PHOl'TS AND BRAVOS.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AXD SUN.
TUT By Henry (fti
II L. Arthur Jon»». B|
Imasquerader5
A VERY GREAT EMOTIONAL PLAT AND
SUPERBLY ACTED.
Evps.. 2.V to 50c. Slat*. Rat. and San. 15c to COc
. Next Monday — First Sftn Pranc!»<?o produc-
tion of the delightful romantic comedy.
A COLONIAL GIRL,
As originally played by Virginia Harn*d and
E. H. Sjthern.
; Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 833.
TO-XIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of th«
Greatest of AH Historical Dramas.
QUO VADIS
150— PEOPLE IN CAST— 150
New Scenery! Oorceous Costumes! ;
Brilliant Electrical Bflects!
PRICES— Evenings. 10c to COc. Matinee*
lCc. 15c. 25c.
j NEXT— "EAST LTNNE."
Racing ijpftl^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
. Commencing January - 4.
Racine Each' Week Day. Rain or Shin*.'
Six or, More Baccs Dailv.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. »harp.
Fcr special tralni stopptnc at the track tab*
B. P. Ferry, foot of Market ttreet. * at 12.
12:30, 1:00. 1:20 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in
la»t two cars, which ar* reserved (or ladles
¦ and . their escort*. . ¦ " . " - . ¦
I RetnrnlnE trains l^.ire track 'at 4:10 and
, 4:43 and jTnm«J lately after tbe last race.
! THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
. FERCY "W. TR EAT, . Stcretary.
ADVEBTISEMEXTS.
1 ra>^?9L LAXATIVE !
H W^(&&Lh my name is not
fi £^2Fvt^ff* HUNYADI ONLY,
1 1!!!! HUNYADIJANOS,
ff feS^T*^ THE ORIGINAL.
K rV^T^^" ONLYCfENUINC
k HlT JrC"" — ar and reliable
If W»wtTr& HUNGARIAN
i Is Always Reliable for
/^^^^^^^^l or the cook who
X ocs °^ doesn't
OF BEEF always at hand, both for fla-
voring soups and sauces as well as for
making that handy cup of hot:beef tea,
Will oblige by sending her address«.to
Corneille David & Co., 105 Hudson St.,
Nevy York, N. Y.~ She "will .receive free,
' a 'useful cook book.OAKI.AHD RACETRACK— -Wednesday, Jan. 27, 1904.— Weather fine. Track fast.
BS5S. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongg; selling ;3-year-olds and up: value to first. $325.
Index Ilorge and Owner. , Wt St. U. 14. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. CI.
(5198) U Wadsworth. 5 (Ferguson). 102 9 ... 5%42*3h lh J. MartTnTT 2 ITs
r'-j'-l n, a , elI ' ta - * (McNamara) 92 1 ... 62 6%5n 2h Hildebrand 3 1S-H
rwl ?U,n £°. Te ' a (T - T - R'ctor) 104 7 ... 4 1%2 .% 2h 3 Bell 12 20
kom i y »°H ver - 6 (R - H - Clark) W6... ShSn4l4h Ollphant .. 4 13-2
«"ne £ our ' st U - a (Buckholtz) 95 8 ... 14 1 1^1 1%5 5 C Smith... 30 80
'«™ v« n ? J' « (C - Mulholland)... 102 2 ... 8 V» 8 Vx 6 % 6 n J. T. Shehn 20 30
fi£?« £h e, d - 6 i C - H - French^... 100 12 ... 12 nil n 9 H 7 Larsen .... 7 »
'ton ?£ £ t ?, ward . esa - 5 (Winter).. 95 4 ... 10 1 0 1 10 % 8 % Vandrbout 25 40
k ; sr TolIer . 4 (Foster & Co.) . 100 10 ... 7n 7 1^73 92 Foley 20 60
riw- 2° r !, en '. 6 < Bo «Ser & Co.) 100 5 ... 0 1 10 2%8 1 10 W. Dugan.. 80 40
r-^o m £?.£• * (Nlchols & c <>-)- »7 11 ... 11 1 12 hl2 2 11 T. Butler.. BO 100
r-li nrr,K "}'*,•** < Blakeman ) • • W5 3 ... 2n « n 11 1 12 C. Kelly... 25 40
r^ ?¦ , 1Iy 'i,« (Ct T - Henshall),. 97 13 ... 13 13 13 13 Kunz « 13-2
5iO6 Mrgle d'Or. 6 (W. V. Becker)! 05| Left McBrida 15 20
Time— :24 :49 1:14. 1:27. At post 4 minutest Off at 2:1CVJ. Wadsworth. place, 1: show,
!-.*. Isa b«lllta, place. 7-B; show, 3-5. Moore show 4 Winner, ch. m. by St. Georgre
iropny. Trained by T. O. Ferguson. Start good. Won In a hard drive of five. Martin
on winner outflntshed Bell and Hildebrand. Emily Oliver is unlucky. Too far for
lourist. Away better. Norford would have been dangerous. Homily no chance with
gS50. SECOND RACE— Thw and a half furlongs; purse; 2-year-olds: value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. ¥*'. *T. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! CK
JS£ ™l?£ n ™ do1 (H - E - Rowell)..109 S 12*13 14 J. Dal?7" 2 2
kpoT « U . h e < Blanc h» * Co.).. 106 2 S3 2n 2 2% T. Burns... 2 11-B
reoi i Iorlta ( Na P a Stock Farm)... 106 1 B 21J4 h 3h C. Kelly... 15 30
*h% w ar B t by (San Joaquln Sta.) 103 4 2h 5 2^4 n Oarsen .... 15 8
6S23 Mary Pepper (Mrs. Miller). .. IOC 7 7%63 C4 Foley 15 30
;:;; Han « Ayres (B - * w -> 109 fi 6% 72 6 2% Bell 3 7
B.15 Elba (W. B. Jennings) 106 B 4iph 7 8 J. Martin.. 8 12
Only Jimmie (Washoe Stable) 112 8 8 8 8 W. Waldo.. 15 30
Time— :24 :42%. At poet 8 minutes. Oft at 2:44. Idol, place, 7-10; show. 1-3. Vice,
place. 7-10; show. 1-3. Morita. show. 3. Winner, ch. c. by Golden Dawn-Vestalis.
rrained by H. E. Rowell. Start good. Won easily. Second handily Third driving.
Golden Idol pounds the best. He ran out all the way. Edith Vice' Is game, but too
email. Morita ran a fair race. Lillian Ayres not ready. Elba will Improve.
C800. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
lndex Horse and Owner. Wt St. >4 . %^ %. str. Fin. Jockey. Op! Cl".
5I?2 w Pllotc> . 6 < H - w - Hoag)... 100 6 1 H 2 1%1 h 1^12 HlldebrTnd S 9^2
B812 Marelio. 5 (J. Qutnlan) 105 8 7 1^5 2 B2 3 2 2 1% J T. Shehn 8 11-2
6822 Constellator. a (Keating)*... 108 4 9 7 h 6 1%5 n 3% f. Martin.. 4 8-2
6777 Pat Morrissey. a (Wellman).. 105 2 8 h 8 n 8 2 8 4 U« Bell 20 30
(M4S) Xullah. a (Q. S. McKenzle). . 105 B S 14 3 <£ 3 *; 4 % 5 2ft Kunz 8 1.1
5S22 Cousin Carrie. 6 (Burger) 100 7 42 4h4hflh61 Foley 10 15
(572S) Velma Clark. 6 (McAlester).. 101 9 B'h H 9 9 7 2 I^araen .... * 2 7-*»
B7S6 First Chip. 4 (Fitzgerald) 105 3 2 h 1 % 2 2 2 % 8 6 C. Kelly... 6 11-2
472C Decoy, a (G. Miller) 97 1 6^6%7%7h 9 |OHphant .. 20 CO
Time — :24. :49, 1:13ft, 1:26%. At post 7 minutes. Off at 3:14. Filoto. place.- 7-5; show,
<-10. Marelio. place. 2; ehow. 1. Conatellator. show 4-6. Winner br. g. by Gano-
Clodomlro. Trained by H. W. Hoag. * Scratched— Hellas Leash. Flaneur Flyer. Start
good. Won handily after a drive. Next two driving hard. Winner well handled. Away
better. Marelio might have won. Constellator cut off at etart Pat Morrissey showed
Improvement. Too fast for Nullah. Velma Clark ran backward the first part of It.
• First Chip quit.
6861. FTVURTH RACE — One mile; handicap; ."-year-olds and up; value to first, $500.
Index I Horse and Owner. Wt St. 14 . y^. ?« . Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! cTl
(6801) Waswift, 6 (J. C. Yeager)... Ill 1 1 1V>1 1^1 1^1 h 11 Hildebrand 6-2^12-8
(5741) Gold Money. 4 (Jennings) 100 3 2 1^2 2 2 3»42 3 2 5 J. Martin.. 1-2 1-2
M13 O'Hagen. 6 (Bender & Co.).. 98 44 333436 3 7 OlIpKant ..7 9
4654 Esherln. 4 (J. F. Schorr) 98 2 3 n 4 4 4 4 Reed 30 80
Time — :25. :49. 1:13»4. 1:30. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 3:33. Waswlft, place. 2-5: ehow,
out. Money, place. 1-5; show, out. O'Hagen. show. out. "Winner, ch h by Wauwa
kus-Nell Swirt. Trained by R. Campbell. Scratched — Martinmas. Start good. Won In
a hard drive of two. Third easily. Waswift held Gold Money safe from the Jump.
O'Hagen ran his race. 1
C802. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 3 -year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. 1.4. «•• %. Str. Fin. .Jockey. Op. Cl.
C814 Coroner Kelly (Bender Ss. Co.) 106 3 ... 1 !J 1 1 2 2VJ1 1% Ollphant .. 6-2 2
6739 Bombardier (F. Skinner) 105 « ... 8n 3 Wn 2 3 Burna 4 6"
6469 George Berry (Bottger & Co.) 106 1 ... C^C 3 1 3 n |H. Stuart.. 12 13
5631 Waterspout (R. A. Smith)... 102 5 ... 4 h 4 14 4 2 4 l#|Larsen 11-5 13-5
6801 JPachuca (Napa Stock Farm). 95 4 ... 6 8 5 n f« 7 fi 8 Kunz 4 16-5
&570 Toltec (University Stable).... 100 2 ... 2 % 2 n fl 0 Vandrbout 20 30
6144 Homeric (San Joaquln Stable) 110 7 ... 7- Pulled up... Haack 30 60
Time — :25. :49. 1:141,4. At post minute. Off at 4:00V*. Kelly, place. 4-5; show 2-3
Bombardier, place. 2; show. 3-5. Berry, show. 9-5. Winner b. c. by Roush and Ready-
Zera. Trained by S. S. Bender. Scratched — Ebony. Start good. Won «a«lly after an
early drive. Next two driving. Winner bid up from $r>00 to $S00 and sold to W M.
Murry. Coroner Kelly held full sway this trip. Bombardier stood a hard drive. George
Berry can run in the mud. Pachuca was played.
OS6.1. SIXTH RACE: — One and a sixteenth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. |i . 14. »;. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(5790) Byronerdale. 4 (J. M. Crane). 100 1 1 »i 1 n In lh lh Hildebrand 6-B fT^
5838 Achilles. 6 (J. J. McCabe) 103 4 8 8 6 2 3^21% Kunz IB l"
6CC9 G W. Trahern. 5 (Qulnlan).. 09 2 3 ?i 3 u } ;\ 1142 IV43 6 lLarsen ... 5-" *
6700 Augie, 5 (Capps & Co.) 06 8 6 ',i 5 2 4 14 4 1^4 2U Ollphant .. 10 10
6718 Cacllee. 6 (Appleby & Co.).. !>S 8 2 ft 2 1^2 1%5 3 5 3 T. Butler.. 7 13-"
6810 Idogo 5 (S. Rafour) 100 6 414n5n«CC4 L, Jackson. 15 ">o
C678 St. Rica, a (D. Murphy) 104 3 7 1 7 n 8 8 71 Bell 40 100
B788 Alta Peggy. 4 (San Joaquln). 08 7 5 »6 6 % 7 3 7 2 8 J. Jones 40 t'O
Time — :24. :49%. 1:14>6. 1:4051. 1*47. At post >4 minute. Off at 4:23U. Byronerdale.
place 2-5; ehow. out. Achilles-, place. 4; show. 8-5. Trahern show, out." Winner b e'
by Jim Gore-Brlganza. Trained by J. Dixon. Start good. Won in a hard drive o'f two
Third stopping. Only a strong ride landed Byronerdale. Achilles with better luck and
handling, could have won easily. Augie ran his race. Too far for Carilee. Idogo a
"mudder."
SA>T RAFAEL. Jan. 27.— Mrs. James Burs,
whoije husband was killed in Mill Valley while
turning on an - incandescent lamp, has been
awarded jud K ment for $10,000 against the elec
tric Ueht company.
Both the City and County Hospital
and -the Almshouse are full at the
present time and the health officers
are put to some straits to take care
of the unfortunates who apply for
admission to the institutions. Tempor
ary relief is afforded some by caring
for them at the Emergency Hospital,
and as fast, as one patientis dis
charged another is ready to take hU
place. The health office attaches say
that the institutions have never been
so crowded in their history. _
City Institutions Crowded.
Al Neill and the Dixie Kid have
been matched to fight fifteen rounds
before the Sequoia Club of Oakland
on February 9. Neill is regaining his
old form, but will have to be at his
best to beat the colored boxer.
Nelll to Fight the Dixie Kid.
Sixth race, selling, mile and an eighth— Hy
mettus won. The Messenger second, Bessie Mc-
Carthy third. Time. 1 :53 4-5.
Fifth race, handicap, one mile — Hands
Across won. De Rezske second. Port Roval
third. Time, 1:30 4-5.
First race, seven furlongs — Optional won
Zyrla second, Miladllove third. Time. 1:29 1-5*
Second race, five furlongs — Scorpio won Sad
duccee second, Jlmalong third.' Time, 1:00
Third race, selling:, mile and an eighth— Blue
Mint won, Santa Teresa second. Free Admis
sion third. Time, 1:55 2-5.
Fourth race, Debutante etakes, three fur
longs^ — Modred Law won. Vlperlne second. All
Scarlet third. Time. :S5 4-5. \°Z?
' New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 27.— Crescent City re
sults: ' VVi
At the annual meeting of the Cor
inthian Tacht Club held last night in
Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush street, there
was a large attendance of members.
Commodore E. F. Sagar occupied the
chair. The reports of the commodore,
the secretary and the treasurer were
read and approved.
The election of officers to serve
during the coming year resulted in
the unanimous choice of the regular
ticket, as prepared by 'the nominating
committee, consisting of ex-Commo
dores H. D. Hawks and T. F. Tracy
and Andrew Thorne. The following
are the officers for the coming year:
Thomas Jennings, commodore; John
C. Brick%ll, vice commodore; John H.
Keefe, port captain; E. J. Bowes, W.
A. Stringer, W. J. Hogg and Orlo
Eastwood, directors. The members of
the regatta committee are Thomas J.
Kavanaugh, James K. Bulger and
Douglas Erskine. Votes of thanks
were passed to the retiring officers
for their services during the last year
and a special vote of thanks to
Charles Barrett,; who retires from the
office of treasurer after holding it for
six or seven years continuously.
After the meeting the members
were the guests of the newly elected
officers at a banquet. -
Regular Ticket as Prepared by Nom
inating Committee Ls Chosen by
Unanimous Vote.
CORIXTHIAX. TARS ELECT
NEW BOARD OF OFFICERS
on Bombardier, but Coroner Kelly
beat his mount out.
Despite the fact that a raft of
money was "strung across the board"
on Homily to win the first race the
horse's odds receded in the betting.
The best Kunz could do was : to prac
tically get felt at the post. There is
an old adage, "Beware of long odds."
Garnet Ferguson expected to get
10 to 1 against Lady Wadsworth.
When he went into the ring and saw
2 chalked up his face looked as cher
ubic as a barrell full of dill pickles.
Tourist was a mild tip that might
have gone through over a shorter
route. He ran fifth in the opening
event.
Larsen came in for sharp criticism
from bettors for his ride on Velma
Clark. The mare certainly made a
wretched showing, but whether it was
Larsen's fault or due tp rickety under
pinning, i3 problematical.
The coast record for a mile of
1:88% is held by Divina and was made
at Sacramento last September during
the State fair.
W. M. Murry bid Coroner Kelly up
from 5400 to $800 and Sidney Bender
let the colt go.
Trainers or jockeys desiring to
make applications for licenses to the
Jockey club may obtain blanks from
Associate Judge Pettingill.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Futurity course; four-year-olds
and us; selling:
6710 »Alta O (Mrs. Hertzell).. »?
6CT>4 'Theodora l> (Smith) JW*
61S7 Rublno (Nichols) ••¦ "2
6716 Emma lleubold (Appleby) '••••,?"
5305 'Adnor (Jones) 1JJ
6720 *Maud Muller (Miller) 81
5582 Maraschino (Smith) JJ«
5B78 Reno Belle (Washoe Stable) 100
5714 'Araoruna (McGuire) »1
6S40 *E1 Chihuahua (Spiers) 1«O
6310 •Benlash (Jenness) •"
6790 •Polonius (Stewart & Co.) 98
Steph (Stroud) 10S
5644 Argot (Klch) •• 90
Second race — Seven furlongs : three-year-olds;
6837 'Telephone (Smith) 104
C)708)Llbble Candid (Appleby & Co.) 104
0850 Santa Nona (San Joaquln Stable)..... 97
.18(52 'Coroner Kelly (Murry) 104
5814 Celebrant (Hamilton Stable) 112
5847 'Instructor (Boots & Hollenbeck) 97
6834 Keogh (Hildreth) . .' ....09
5801 'Kleinwood (Moshler) 1&4
5814 Young Pepper (O'Rourke) ........... 00
Third race— Futurity courae; four-year-olds
and un. selling: . .
5848 'Brennus (Judge) 101
5848 Goddess of Night- (Parks) ...108
577C Modder (Buckholtz) 102
6070 The Pride (Neal) .....110
R812 'Captivate (Blanchl & Co.) «8
5S24 'Bay Wonder (Newman) ............ .101
6438 Titus (Meeks) ....08
(S846)'My Surprise (Mounce) ............. .101
5754 Tom Slavin (Clifford) ;....... ...11U
5822 Whiskers (It. Wilson) .............. .10.!
4135 The. Weaver (H. I. Wilson) ..lia
5822 Matt Hogran (Magrane) .....110
.'B823 'Plckaway (Jackson) 9«
5416 'Chlleno (Blaslngame) 07
; Fourth race— One mile and seventy yarda; 4
year-olds and up; selling: • ¦ .
5690 'Yallqwstone (Fine) .'.104
riret rac»— Arffot, Polonini, Alt* O.
Second race — Telephone, Instructor,
Toimir Pepper.
Third race — Bay -Wonder, Flckaway,
The Pride.
ronrta race— I Know, Horton, Harry
Beck.
Fifth race— Sad Sam, Double Six, E.
M. Brattaln.
Sixth race— Jockey Club, stilicao, Gor
ralette.
rBOBABLE W1HMIIS.
Sixth race — One mile; 4-year-olds and up
purse:
C837 Rosaris (Chappelle) 104
5851 Mocorlto (Wellman) 109
58.17 Reeves (I^amaaney Bros.) ](H
5778 Mildred Schultz (Wilson) 109
6840 Jockey Club (Fisher) ; 100
B071 Gorgalette (Fitzgerald) t>9
(5815)Stilicho (Jennings & Co.) 101
'Apprentice allowance.
Fifth race — Five and a half furlongs; 4-year
olds and up; selling:
58C1 *Sad Sam (Green) 104
4«S2 Tarrigan (McCarty) 95
(5766) 'Colonel Van (Fountain) 100
5851 »St. Wlnnifride (Painter) 100
6851 *E. M. Brattaln (Millln) .- 100
(650C)»Double Six (Follansbee) 100
•
5818 'Homalne (Murray) n«
B8ir. 'Harry Beck (Lynch) '.'.'..'. B g
(5692)M Know (Burnell) 99
M2C *The Fretter (O'Rourke) 101
5837 *Lacy Crawford (Schrelber) 06
(. r »tk r in)Caronal (Chappelle) f 104
5765 'Horton (Blanch! & Co.) 101
The Oljinpic Club officials were pre
paring a three-day tournament for
next month. The present upheaval
may upset all their plans.
Pacific Athletic Association to Inves
tigate Misdoings Xext Monday.
The special meeting of the Pacific
Athletic Association, at which the case
cf the Lincoln Athletic Club and of
the boxers who took part in its re
cent exhibition will be heard, has been
postponed until next Monday night.
The members of the registration
committee profess to have a clear case
against Eerger and the other boxers.
Berber's friends claim they can exon
erate him from any charge of profes
sionalism. The registration commit
tee has asked for vouchers showing
That disposition was made of the
_S3340 taken at the gate. The mem
bers are particularly interested in the
mm of $1336, representing 40 per
cent of the stoss receipts, which Jack
Gleason is supposed to have received,
lie was not known to be interested
financially in the Lincoln Athletic
Club, but was generally recognized as
Berber's manager, although -what use
an amateur could make of a manager
is hard to discern.
It is thought the association will
give the boxing game one more trial.
If it cannot maintain some standard
of morality it will erase boxing from
Jhe list of sports over which it as-
Bumes Jurisdiction.
BOXIXG IXQUIRY GOES OVER.
Round 5 — The men came to a clinch without
damage. O'Brien landed a right on stomach
and another hard uppercut In the same place.
He then drove a straight left to the nose and
a right to the wind. Ryan landed a light left
on the stomach and the men came to a clinch.
O'Brien landed and Ryan went down from a
right uppercut. He took the count of eight.
Ryan was groggy. Ryan vu holding on He
was almost out. Ryan landed a hard right on
Hound 2 — O'Brien rushed and landed a
left hook on Ryan's Jaw. O'Brien then drove
a hard right to Ryan's etomach. The footwork
of the men was marvelous. O'Brien rushed
Ryan and Ryan slipped and fell, but was up
In a moment. O'Brien rushed Ryan into a
natural corner and sent a left straight to the
now. Ryan led wilh left, but fell short and
OT.rien drove a hard left to face. O'Brien
landed a left straight on the nose and got
away without a return. O'Brien landed a right
hook on the chin and Ryan landed a light
right on Jack's body. O'Brien then cut Ryan's
left eye with a right drive and got away with
out a return. It was first blood for O'Brien.
The men rushed to a clinch an the gong Bound
ed. This was also clearly O'Brien's round.
Round 3 — O'Brien Bent a straight left for
Ryan's face and repeated again a. second later.
Ryan was swinging wildly. O'Brien mimed
left upnercut and the men clinched. O'Brien
landed a left straight to the Jaw. and repeated
the same blow, driving Ryan's head back.
Ryan broke repeatedly to get away from
O'Brien's straight leftu. O'Brien drove Ryan's
h^ad back with a hard right and the latter
landed a hard left on O'Brien's stomach. The
men ru: bed to a clinch. O'Brien drove his left
Into Ryan's noee and the latter clinched. The
men were fighting at a terrific pace. Ryan
did not show his clever work which lie had
shown In previous battles.
Round 4— The men rushed to a clinch. Ryan
landed a left on O'Brien^s stomach and the
men again clinched. O'Brien landed a light
right on Ryan's jaw and then sent- his left to
Ryan's nose. An Ryan closed in O'Brien drove
a hard right to the stomach. Ryan hit In the
clinches, but was warned. O'Brien sent a stiff
Wt to Ryan's face and repeated it with a
right hook, getting away without a return.
Jack strain put a hard left to Rran's nose and
the latter seemed bewildered. O'Brien upper
cut Ityan and then sent a right to Ryan's Jaw
again, causing the blood to flow. O'Brien land
ed a hard right on Ryan's stomach and then
sent a straight right to the Jaw. He followed
this with a straight left to the nose as the
gong Bounded. This was O'Brien's round and
he was clearly outfighting Ryan. O'Brien was
getting a terrific pace, which Ryan could not
fo'ilow.
Hound 1 — O'Brien led for face and missed.
He then put left to Ryan's nope, Ryan backing
away. O'Brien landed a light rlijjK over the
heart. O'Brien landed a light left on Ryan's
The men then rushed to a clinch. O'Brien
landed a hard uppercut on Ryan's chin and
landed a left hook en the jaw not a moment
later, lie then drove another left to 1 Cyan's
face without an exchange. Ryan had not led
once. O'Brien forced Ryan around the ring
and his footwork seemed to mystify Ryan.
The men were clinced at the bell. This was
clearly O'Brien's round.
THi: FIGHT BY ROUNDS.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 27. — Jack
O'Brien and Tommy Ryan fought one
of the fastest six-round goes ever seen
in this city to-night and the Philadel
phian had a slight advantage. O'Brien
clearly outfought Ryan in the first
four rounds and in the fifth dropped
him with a hard blow to the jaw.
Ryan took the count of eight and
came up groggy. He saved himself
by clinching until he had regained his
bearings. A moment later Ryan drove
a vicious left to O'Brien's stomach,
which brought the Philadelphian to
his knees. Ryan seemed to regain
his wind as the round progressed and
landed repeatedly on O'Brien's stom
ach with vicious lefts. It was only
the gong that saved O'Brien from be
ing knocked out. In the sixth round
honors were about even, both men
having received severe punishment.
When the gong: sounded ending the
fight both men were in bad shape.
Near the close of the fifth round,
while O'Brien was on the floor, one of
the seconds threw up a sponge full
of water on him. Many persons were
of the opinion that this ended the
fight, but the referee would not allow
the claim. The men agreed to meet
here in a six-round bout for a $5000
purse, split equally, and under the
laws governing boxing in Philadel
phia no decision can be given. Un
der the conditions, however, each man
was careful and conscientious with his
training as if the championship were
at stake. O'Brien and Ryan weighed
in at 6 p. m. Th<? beam was placed at
1C0, but neither man budged it.
O'Brien came into the ring at 10:17,
accompanied by his seconds. He was
given a tremendous ovation.
Ryan came into the ring at 10:21.
He also was given a great reception.
In O'Brien's corner were Kid McCoy,
Joe Hasan and Billy McLaney, while
Hugo Kelly, Spike Sullivan. Frank
Barthy and R. Ferriti attended to
Ryan.
It was 10:25 when Referee Crow
first called the men to the center of
the ring for instructions. A moment
later the. gong: sounded and the battle
was on.
In the preliminary contests Tom Tay
lor won from Jim Kennedy, the fight
being stopped at the end of the third
round because of a bad gash received
by Kennedy over the left eye in collid
ing with Taylor's head. Danny Sul
livan was awarded the decision after a
ten-round battle with Joe Reilley.
The redeeming feature of the fight
the Italian put up was his ability to
Absorb punishment and the ' rapidity
•vy.ith which he recuperated after seem
ingly being pummeled into dreamland.
He was slow on his feet, misjudged his
vanRo constantly, launched his elbows
wildly and appeared creak when in ac
tion. Cordell was always the aggressor
f nd carried the trouble to his opponent
without rest. lie used his long left to
pood advantage, and his persistent jab
tnng annoyed and confused the Italian
pugilist.
In a forociou« mix-up at the opening
«>f the oijrhth round Cordell staggered
Soig-er with a right to the jaw and kept
after his man relentlessly. He punched
the "iron man" for nearly three min
utes, during: which the Italian took the
rnunt twice and parted with consider
able gore. At the bell Seiger walked
ii» his corner without a wobble and
< ame out spry for the next round.
Seiger opened the fight with a light
left to Cordell's stomach. But few
blows were exchanged in the initial
round and these were gentle. From the
sr-cond to the eighth round the mill
was without notable incident. Cordell
maintained a rapid jabbing and Seiger
continued to fall short with his swings
and occasionally fell in his efforts to
Ret wiihin the hitting: line. In the ninth
round the Italian tried uppercuts while
backing out of clinches, but Cordell
suffered no evident damage.
During the next five rounds the "iron
man" aroused himself, but could secure
no lead over his opponent in any of
ihem. Both came to the center quickly
ir. the final round. Seiger was short
v.ith his swings, as usual, and Cordell
5oon had his man dazed with alternate
swings to the jaw and stomach. When
the gong sounded both boxers were
flinched. Referee Eddie Smith did not
hesitate in pointing to Cordell as the
i\ inner. Behind the winner were Tim
McGrath, Al Neil. Billy Otts and Cy
clone Kelly. In Seiger's corner were
JJilly Roach, his manager; Jockey Wil
lie Dugan and Jack Smith.
" Cordell was a. 1 to 2 choice In the
betting.
"'Iron Man" Charley Seiger was bad
ly battered, bent and beaten by Jack
Cordoll, who was given the decision in
a fifteen-round bout that went the limit
last night at the Reliance Club. Oak
land. Seiner was no match for his op
ponent in cleverness and was outpoint
ed from the commencement to the close
of the contest.
Each Boxer Is Knocked Down
and Narrowly Escapes Being
Counted Out by Timekeeper
O'Brien's stomach which did a lot of damage.
O'Brien was holding: on when the gong rang.
It saved him from being knocked out. The
blow showed on his stomach where hard rights
and left landed. lie was in severe pain.
Round « — Both men came to the center
slowly. Ryan landed a left on O'Brlen'a face
and then tried a right to the etomach. but
failed to land. The men rushed to a clinch.
O'Brien uppercut with a right and then landed
a left to the nose. O'Brien landed a right
straight to the Jaw and Ryan clinched. O'Brien
landed a hard uppercut and then broke ground.
Ryan landed a left on O'Brien's wind and
the latter landed a straight on the jaw.
O'Brien landed an uppercut with a right and
then landed with a straight right on Ryan's
Jaw. Both were fighting hard. O'Brien drove
right to Jaw and Ryan put left to stomach.
O'Brien missed a left and the men clinched.
Ryan led for the stomach, but missed, and the
gong ended the battle.
Hildebrand was to the front again
with three winning mounts.
Tommy Burns said he thought he
was going to leave the maiden class
Achilles should have won the closing
mile and a sixteenth run, but a bung
ling ride on the part of Kunz dropped
him in a close second. Byronerdale had
first call in the betting, and, carefully
nursed along by Hildebrand, earned a
neck decision. G. W. Trahern, the sec
ond choice, ran third.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
In a three-head finish with Isabellita
and Billy Moore marking the close of
the opening seven furlong event. Gar
net Ferguson's Lady Wadsworth took
the long end of the purse. The mare
had worked seven furlongs in 1:28*4, so
reported, on the strength of which she
was installed favorite. Away none too
well. Jack Martin, who had the mount,
early moved into a good position, and
at the end outfinished both Hildebrand
and Bell.
Dr. Rowell's colt Golden Idol showed
to be pounds the best of the starters in
the two-year-old scramble. The chest
nut youngster closed a slight favorite
over Edith Vice, which latter filly was
quoted at 11 to 5. Johnny Daly rode
Golden Idol, and he was kept busy
from the start in an endeavor to pre
vent tils mount going to the outside
fence. Even under these .adverse cir
cumetances he won by four open
lengths. Edith Vice ran second, more
than a length ahead of Morita.
EJj PILOTO ¦ WIXS CLEVERLY.
El Piloto, at V& to 1. with Hildebrand
up, captured the seven furlong selling
number. The brown gelding assumed
the front position with half the route
traversed, and stalling off the chal
lenge of Marelio at the finish was a
winner by two lengths. Constellator
ran a good third. Velma Clark, with
Larsen on her back, opened favorite at
*2 to 1, and after receding in the betting
to 3t» and 4 was never a contender.
Sidney Bender's colt Coroner Kelly,
equal favorite in the betting with
Waterspout, cleaned up in the six-fur
long sprint for three-year-olds. The
Coroner was backed by the smart set
and led from start to finish, beating out
Bombardier a length. George Berry, a
13 to 1 shot, led "Waterspout out for
show honors.
Gold Money ruled a 1 to 2 favorite,
while 12 to 5 could be had about the
Yeager entry. As O'Hagen and Esh
erin were outclassed, it was strictly a
two-horse affair. Hildebrand went
away in the lead with Waswift, Martin
waiting with the favorite about on©
and a half lengths away. When the
bend for home was reached Martin
went to work, but found a difficult
task before him.
WASWIFT RESPONDS GAMELY.
Waswift responded to punishment,
and with the wire in sight Gold Money
showed signs of weakening. While
Wasuift bore out the last part of it he
did not falter, and won by a length in
1:39, the track record. O'Hagen fin
ished a fair third.
Favorites achieved more sucess in
the other events, capturing four of the
purses. The weather was warm and
balmy and the attendance large.
Gold Money, the supposed invincible
mare from the Jennings stable, met
with a rebuff at Oakland yesterday in
the mile handicap that came as an un
pleasant surprise to her backers.
Carrying Jack Martin and 109 pounds
she locked horns with Joe Yeager's
chestnut horse Waswift, and when the
race was over there were pasteboards
enough strewn about the ring to make
a bonfire.
The Italian Boxer Takes an
Incredible Amount of Pun
ishment and Recovers Quickly
FIGI1T GOES THE LIMIT
THE CONTEST IS FAST
Jennings Entry Rules a 1 to 2 Choice in the Betting and
Is Headed From the Start— -Four Favorites First— Lady
Wadsworth Earns Brackets— Golden Idol a Winner
Is Outpointed by Clever Jack
Cordell From Start to Fin
ish at the Reliance Club
Philadelphia Jack O'Brien Has
a Clean Lead in the First
Four Bounds of the Fight
SEIGER TAKES
A BAD BEATING
TOMMY RYAN
IS OUTPOINTED
WASWIFT DISPOSES OF GOLD MONEY,
EQUALING THE OAKLAND TRACK RECORD
SPORTS OF THE RACECOURSE AND DOINGS OF THE BOXERS IN THE EAST AND WEST
REFEREE STILL
TO BE CHOSEN
GOLDEN ROLE
HAS NO SPEED
She Finishes Third to Stcm-
Avinder and Blissful in Race.
Wins in Record Time of Track
Eddie Hanlon and Kid Broad
Will Meet To-Night to Name
the Man W T ho Will Officiate
EDDIE SMITH FAY0RED
A SENSATIONAL FINISH
Californian AVould Probably
Prefer Him, While His Oppo
nent Seems to Have No Choice
C. B. Campbell, Celebration and
Diamante. Arc Heads Apart
in Order Named at the Wire
Eddie llanlon and Kid Broad, who
are to fight twenty rounds to-morrow
night in Mechanics' Pavilion, under the
auspices of the San Francisco Athletic
Club, will select a referee to-night.
The rival boxers will meet at Harry
Corbett's at 8 o'clock to discuss the
matter. Eddie Smith of Oakland seems
to have the inside track at the present
time. Eddie Hanlon -would probably
prefer Smith over any one else, while
Broad apparently has no choice. From
what he says Hanlon is the man he
wants to see in the ring— the referee
is useful, but he is a small part of the
Bhow, from his point of view.
Broad did some hard work on the
road yesterday morning and spent con
siderable time in the gymnasium in the
afternoon. He boxed with Cyclone
Kelly and pleased the experts who were
present. He has a good left hand and
hits a hard, straight blow.
As he is fighting Hanlon at catch
weights, that detail is not troubling
him. He weighs about 139 pounds. He
will cut out his heavy work to-day and
will turn his attention to fast boxing.
He will use a light punching bag and
will also do considerable shadow box-
Ing.
Hanlon has taken kindly to training
work and up to the present time has
shown no ill effects from his last fight.
He feels he must win to-morrow night,
as he expects to go East shortly, and
a defeat at this time would block all his
plans.
HEAVY ENTRY IS 3IADE
FOR COURSING STAKE
IX.3 ANGELES. Jan. 27.— Three fa
vorites won at Ascot to-dar — Banquero.
Mexicanna and C. B. Campbell. Two
second choices and an outsider cap
tured the other events. Golden Rule,
redhot favorite for the fourth race,
furnished the biggest defeat of th»
talent.
The second brought out a field of fif
teen ordinary ones. Baldwin's entry.
Banquero and Belledama, were in de
mand at 11 to 5. Under a vigorous
ride by E. Walsh. Banquero landed
first by half a length, with Ben Hey
wood second and Carnival third.
There was a thrlllins finish in th»
third race between C. B. Campbell.
Celebration and Diamante. They fin
ished in this order, heads apart. Blue
Miracle led all the way to the stretch
and then quit. Waterbury o- Dia
mar:" ¦> made hia move a little too late
and was coming fast at the wire.
Stermvinder won the fourth. In doing
so he lowered the track rec- rl for the
Slauson course to 1:10 flat. Golden
Rule opened at 8 to 5 and was played
down to evens at post time. She had
no speed and finished third to Stem
winder and Blissful.
Pa Bulger proved the best in th«
fifth, winning in a r illop from Sals,
the favorite, with Golden Boy third.
The latter was liberally played. Ha
stopped badly in the last sixteenth.
The last race was captured by the
favorite, Mexicanna, in a drive, with
Phyz second. Evander third. Weather
perfect; track good.
SUMMARY.
First raett. fix furlongs, selling — Res-bud,
120 iPrior), 10 to 1. won; Hilary. 12i <(.'. Ros«».
15 to 1. second; Mac Kleeknoe. 122 iW. Lewi*).
8 to 1. third. Time. l:16Vi- Quidado, Pat
Hatnmcn, Rosseric. Japalak. Vsk Nor, Ira*.
Little Secret, Sharpless. Louise Meinlng, Nora,
Klamero and Foxy Grandpa also ran.
Second race, six furlongs — Banquero. 103 (E.
"Walsh). 11 to 5. won: Ben Heywood. W5 (Red
fern), 5 to 2. second; Carnival. 103 (M. John
son). 30 to 1. third. Time. 1:13*$. Kylo 11,
Gentle Harry. Turtle. Moonstone. Capitol.
Lauretta Phillips. Eva D. Alamansor. Ueorgn
Koester, Hello lama. Matronia and Klea also
ran. Banquero and Belledama coupled.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing— C. B. Campbell. M5 U. Booker). T to 10.
won: Celebration, ft?) (Feicht). 7 to 1. givonil;
I>!amante. 106 (Waterhury), 5 to 2. third.
Time. 1:47)4. Blue Miracle also ran.
Fourth race. Slauson i-ourso — Stemwinder,
100 (Feicht). 9 to 2. won: Blissful. 95 «W.
Knapp), 8 to 1. second: Golden Rule. 125 • Red
fern), even, third. Time. 1:10. Americano,
Gloriosa and M. F. Tarpey also ran.
Fifth race, flve and a half furlongs, selling-
Pat Bulger. 112 (J. Boland), 2^ to 1, won;
Sals, 112 (E. Walsh), even, second: Golden
Boy. 112 (J. Booker). 10 to 1. third. Time.
1:OS. Potrero. Grande and Rcush and Tumbl*
also ran.
Sixth race, six and a. half furlongs, selling —
Mexicanna. 92 (J. Lewis'.. 6 to 5. won: Phyz.
J12 (Lawrence). 12 to 1, second; Evander, 119
(Buxton), 7 to 2. third. Time. 1:22* j. Estadn.
Milas, Dollle Weithcff, Platonius and Pilot also
ran.
Union Park Management Is Able to
Accept but Hair of Those Of
fered.
One hundred and thirty greyhound
entries were offered the, management
of Union Coursing Park last night for
Sunday's stake. Only sixty-four were
accepted, this being all that could be
run off in the time allowed. There is
an unusually heavy entry of Eastern
dogs, and the stake throughout is well
balanced. Judge P. J. Reilly will pre
side in the saddle. The draw last night
resulted as follows:
Rag Time vs. Our Motto; Snapper Garrison
vs. Ruby Sankey; Maid of the Clen vs. Helen
Hayes; Barefoot Boy vs. Northern Alarm;
Northern Express vs. McVey; Texas Brack
Llpst vs. False Alarm; Cometock vs. Black Boy;
Maid o' Gowrie vs. Mount Rose; Pepper Jack
vs. Colored Lady; Jack Short vs. Tralee Boy;
Beauty Gold vs. The Referee; Liberator vs.
Sempronlus; Lily Wright vs. Flora Belle; Reta
S vs. Hudson; Silver Cloud vs. Rocker Arm;
Eastlake vs. Apple • Blossom; Mountain Poet
vs. John Heenan: Vandal vs. Advertiser: Fan
nie Hughle vs. Gambit: Rector vs. Miss Green;
Renegade Apache vs. Firm Fellow; Donny brook
vb. Young Johnny Rex; Fenli vs. Clarice: Li
lac vs. Orsina; Summer Girl vs. Melllnwood;
Haphazard vs. Sea Lion: Balendtne vs. Path
finder; Cascade vs. Melrose; Texas Jill vs.
Texas Betty: Real Article vs. Loretta; Cuban
ola vs. Kittleman; General Dewet vs. Free
From Flaw.
Will Captain a Cardinal Team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 27.
Orrin A. Wilson was chosen captain
of the senior class baseball nine at the
election held on the varsity diamond.
He has played on hia class team each
year since entering college and has
achieved considerable prominence In
college journalistic circles, having been
editor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto
last semester.
Stanford's First Game of Season.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 27.
To-morrow afternoon the varsity
baseball nine will cross bats with the
Santa Clara College team in the initial
game of the season of 1904. Twelve of
the Stanford players will be taken to
Santa Clara, where the game will be
played on the college diamond.
The first line-up of the varsity play
ers will be: Catcher, Captain Ball, '04;
pitcher, Sales, '06; first base. Blake. '04;
second base, Swain, '07; third base,
Trowbridge, '03; shortstop, "Williams,
'06; left field, Colbert, '06; center field,
"Wirt, '06; right field. Knight. '04. Roose
velt, '04, will be "given a chance In the
box during the latter half of the game.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OUTSIDE, BOUND IN. 12 MIDNIGHT.
Schr San Buenaventura.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 27— Schr Jofaa
O North, for San Francisco.
• PORT TOWNFEND— Sailed Jan 27— Bark
John Palmer, from Port Blakeley. for Manila: .
nr bark Fleur de Lift, from Port Ludlow, for
South Africa.
PORT BLAKELET- Arrived Jan 27— Br
ship Clan Graham, from Port Ludlow.
FOREIGN PORT.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Jan 27 — Stair
Lothian, from Portland. Or.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL^ Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Hatst
ford, for New York, via Queenatown; strnr
Oceanic, for New York.
NAPLES — Sailed Jan £7 — Stmr Rcpnblla.
from Alexandria, for Boston.
IMPFRIAL. Jan. 27.— E. T. Perkins. In
charge of Government irrigation works on the
Colorado River, arrived here this week to ar
range for a Government topographic survey of
the entire Colorado desert In co-operation with
the local irrigation company.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 28. 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
AJVEBTISEMENTa.
I Free to Men! |
| A Book That Brings Happiness. |
g I know that no man remains a weakling because he wants to; §
g I am sure that you want to overcome every indication of early de- $
« cay that has shown itself on you. I do not think the man lives who -X
O would not like to feel as big and strong as a Sahdow. And I &
g know that if you have a reasonable foundation to build upon I can 3
« make you a bigger man than you ever hoped to be. I want you to $
g know that, you who cannot believe it, and I want you to have my ft
« bopk in which I describe how I learned that manly strength was O
« on y electricity, and how I learned to restore it; also I want to 9
« tell you the names of some men who will tell you that when they %
5 came to me they were physical wrecks and arc now amon* the O
g finest specimens of physical manhood. $
* A KAPPT SSAZT. . %
tt . a . r ». Sir: 1Uvln S u *ed your famous electric belt for thirty days I have re i%
Q ceived the irreatest benefit that a man could gain-that Is. health and S^L^h" \
I 2&V5& d d etr ndent feeiine haa ««••• i fcei the w»i«.fj l w,,'ia I
O; P. O. box 482. Tucson. Arizona. V*V CL -^K. .y
6 I want you to read this book and learn the truth about mv arinim.n.. &
ft > If you arc not as vigorous as you would like to be. If v«u hSt« rh?,^ ??' 8
g pains, weak kidneys, loss of power, day or night loraea. Jroatotlc^trn,?h^L %
g nervous spells, varicoccle or any ailment of that kind tha unm?n, v™ §
« it would assure you future happiness if you would look into th?l ?u * A
| Pr.M.C.McLaughlin,^^rket:St. |
R ADVEBTISEMENTa.
Catarrh is not only a most disgusting and offensive k? $2p
malady, but when allowed to continue, becomes constitu- n\ j(^. §1
tional. The foul secretions and mucous matter are -3
absorbed into the blood, and the whole system becomes /^\ K -^*%M
infected with the catarrhal poison, and can't be reached 4WV^^^^^^.
by inhalations, sprays, washes, powders and salves. Only 5^;^jNeT fmk
a remedy that enters into the circulation and cleanses and W^v^^^mi
purifies the polluted blood, can cure Catarrh after it gets **• 0&r
to be chronic. It is a disease . to
that attacks the membranes y&?$T£\l^i^Z\*£^£ f&SS
and delicate coverings Of all everything I could hear of, but no pood resulted.
the bodilv orp-ans It is not * en be * i? s * s * s -« and could see a little im-
ine DOaiJy "fgans. It IS not proTement trom tho first bottle, and after taking
confined to the head, nose and itashortwhil© was cured. This was six years
throat,butthestomach.bow ; U &!K. 1 ?Jf l lSl^t^,1l^!
els, kidneys, bladder and nothing on earth better for the blood than S 8 a
other parts of the body are N <? b °dy thinks more ors.s.s. than I do.
liable to become involved. *<w> m <*' M. matson.
The catarrhal poison pollutes the blood, and through the circulation contam-
inates every organ, membrane and tissue of the body. Catarrh affects the
S /( <—^ >— »*l general health, injures the digestion, upsets the stom-
T^^l 1^^ act ' cstr °y s e appetite, produces nausea and other
JWV J^\ miserable symptoms. S. S. S. reaches it through the
blood, goes into the circulation and drives out all
unhealthy accumulations, and when all parts of the
ssytem are receiving a supply of rich, pure blood, the general health is
invigorated, and all the disgusting symptoms of the disease stop. Write
US about your caae, and our physicians will advise you free of charge.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA,This week 25 per cent' reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company.115 Post atrsttt. ••
Dr. George Herbeln, 603 Sutter
street, was arrested yesterday by De
tective T. J. Coleman on a warrant
from Judge Cabaniss' court, charging
him with practicing medicine without
a certificate. He was released on
$100 cash bail. The complaining wit
ness is Dr. Dudley Tait, secretary of
the State Board of Medical Examiners.
Physician In Trouble.
Spanish Consul Goldaracena has re
ceived a communication from the
Chamber of Commerce of Cordova
Spain, requesting him to invite the
manufacturers of this section to send
exhibits to the Andalusian provinces
fair, to be held at Cordova next
May. A copy of the letter has* been
sent to the leading commercial bodies
of the State.
Wants Pacific Coast Exhibits.
YPY B. Sharp, guardian of the per
son and estate of Ellen Crowley, an
incompetent, has been cited to appear
before Judge Coffey February l to
show cause why his appointment as
guardian should not be revoked. The
citation was issued yesterday on corri
plaint of Alexander McCulIough, who
claims that gharp has not filed an ac
counting for four years. The estate
of Mrs. Crowley is worth $8500.
Says Sharp Is Neglectful.
Supposed Dead Alan Is Alive.
BEMIDJT. Minn., Jan. 27. — Two
years ago the body of a man drowned
near here was burled in Bemidji as
that of James Pratt. Pratt returned
to-day to learn that he was mourned
as dead. He left for the Pacific Coast
on the day of the supposed drowning*
and failed to write home.
Big Mortgage Is Recorded.
A mortgage was recorded yesterday
showing a loan of $500,OtK) to Herbert
E. Law by the San Francisco Savings
Union on property situated on the
corner of Mission and New Montgom
ery streets, known as the Rialto build
in". The mortgage is to run f&r four
years.
ST. PAUL,-Minn., Jan. 27. — E. C. M.
Rand was given a verdict of $7500 by
a Jury in Judge Lewis' court to-day
in Rand's suit against Russell Sage
for services in connection with Sage's
trusteeship of the Hastings and Da
kota land | grants. Rand sued for
$15,000. ';
Verdict Against: Russell Sage.
Stop at '"aso Robles.
First-class tickets between San Francisco
and Los Ang-Mes, either direction. Including
stop of two days' entertainment at famous
Paso Robles Hot Springs Hotel, only $31; chil
dren, ?13 50. Privilege of thirty days' stop
over. Best of fare and service at hotel. Cura
tive mud or hot water baths; fine drives; In
vigorating mountain air; warm sunshine. Just
the place to rest. Full* information ot Southern
Pacific ticket ajrents. •
The following officers were elected
by the Savings and Loan Society on
Monday: President, Arthur A. Smith;
vice president, Horace Davis; secretary
and cashier, C. W. Carmany; assistant
cashier. Edwin Bonnell; auditor, James
McGauley; finance committee— Arthur
A. Smith, Horace Davis, Willis Davis;
directors— Arthur A. Smith, Horace
Davis, A. N. Drown, G. E. Goodman,
Willis Davis, E. C. Burr, C. R. Bishop]
W. B. Dunning and Vanderlynn Stow!
Savings and Loan Society Officers.
; Judge Kerrigan granted an interloc
utory decree of .divorce to R. Eugene
Hunter from Luella Hunter. Mrs.
Hunter Jeft her husband. He also
granted "Lizzie P. Armstrong a divorce
from Howard R. Armstrong for deser
tion.
Cornelius G. Creyk was granted a
divorce from Minnie M. Creyk for de
sertion, and Elvira Giacopetti was
granted a divorce from Alberta Gia
copetti for cruelty. The bonds unit
ing Henry G. Reid to Mary J. Reid
were- severed on the ground of neg
lect, as were the ties uniting Mary
Ryan to James Ryan.
Suits for divorce were filed by Pearl
Isom against Daniel Isom for convic
tion of felony, H. Abbink against Lena
Abbink for desertion, Lizzie Magee
against John F. Magee for intemper
ance and Louise Bush against Charles
Bush for cruelty. Mrs. Bush says
that her husband makes her life mis
erable by drinking to excess and while
under the influence of liquor abusing
her. She says that he once hit her
with the heel of^his shoe and threw
a buckle, a lamp' and a carving knife
at- her. Bush owns property at the
corner of Post and Taylor streets/and
he has been restrained from disposing
of it pending the determination of his
wife's suit.
Virginia E. Holland, who was mar
ried to William H. Holland at Oak
land in 1898, secured a divorce from
him yesterday in Judge Hebbard's
court. He was cruel to her, she said,
and also intemperate. She testified
that he drank to excess, insulted her
relatives, threw a wash basin at her
and hurt her feelings by informing
her that she was a fool and that he
was tired of her. j
Judge Hebbard Grants Her an Inter
locutory Decree of Divorce on
the Ground of Cruelty.
ESCANABA, Micl?., Jan. 27. — The
will of the late Daniel Wells, a multi
millionaire of Milwaukee, was filed
here for probate to-day. The estate
is valued at anywhere between ten and
twenty-five million dollars. It is left
to his grandson, who is the son of
Fanny Wells Norris, an only daugh
ter.
Leaves Millions to Grandson.
\V. H. IIOLIiAXD IXSUIiTS
RELATIVES OF HIS WIFE
PI*EI>1». <Y.'.o.. Jan. 27.— Forty mem
bers at Qompeny G, Colorado National
Guard, took p"5Fession of the Armory
building this afternoon. They declare
Thvy will h'ld p°^session until their
pay, paid to amount to more than $5000,
for seivice in th«* Cripple Creek strike,
is received. What action will be taken
by th* authorities has not yet been de
tennined.
Guard)- Seize un Armorj".
It is r i>w supposed that Wright's os
tentctious consumption of tabloids for
indigestion and insomnia during the
last days of JJie trial was dasjgned to
disguise, in'case of necessity, the tak
ing of the fatal dose. According to the
decision, the dead man prolonged his
agoi-y by taking too many of the po
tassium tablets, as a smaller dose
would have brought death moreswiftly.
All Wright's conversations with his in
timates and attendants during his last
days proves that he hoped until the
last for acquittal, al hough he made
such careful preparations for the
worst. Had hebeen convinced himself
that conviction was inevitable there
was nothing to prevent his committing
suicide previously, for ne was never
searched during his trial,' --M with the
exception that he was always shad
owed by detectives he h complete
freedom of movement.
With the consent of the Home Secre
tary, Wright's body will be handed
over to his relatives after the 'nquest,
for private burial at Netley, his home
in Surrey.
The revolver found on Ills person Is
of American make and of heavy cali
ber. It was concealed in his hip pocket
and, is an evidence of his strong deter
mination to end his life.
The Financial News says: "Wright
might have made disclosures which
would have seriously discomfited
some people, but he was loyal, as well
as courageous, and he carried his se
crets to the grave. To prevent others
divulging what he chose to conceal he
destroyed many papers, thus complet
ing his sacrifice."
It is reported that a six-chambered
revolver, fully loaded, was found in
Wright's pockets by the police.
At the post-mortem examination of
the body of Whitaker Wright his fea
tures showed no trace of the suffering
he must have endured before death.
His face was calm and peaceful. His
brain was found to have been «.bm -
mally large and as the examination
proceeded the doctors found evidences
of cyanide of potassium, which con
firmed their previous impression oT the
cause of death. Portions of the deadly
tabloids, still undissolved, were found
in the tomach, Wright having swal
lowed ieveral of the. ..
The possibility of the promoter's es
cape from justice by suicide was clear
ly foreseen by Detective Willis, who
brought Wright from New York. Act
ing upon hints dropped by Wright
during the voyage, Willis gave the
court officials especial warning to keep
the closest guard over him: Toward the
conclusion of the trial, especially dur
ing Justice Bigham's'severe criticism,
it became evident that there could be
only one verdict, so that if Wright was
determined upon self-destruction, in
the event of his conviction, he had time
to prepare a method for outwitting the
jailers, as he must have foreseen that
an adverse verdict was inevitable.
A strange document was found on
the seat in court which had been occu
pied by Wright, showing that he had a
premonition of his sentence. This was
a., sheet of blotting paper on which he
had scribbled during the Justice's sum
ming up. The Roman characters "VII"
were thickly scattered over the whole
sheet. This was before the verdict had
been rendered, but the number coin
cides with the sentence he received. In
the middle of the sheet appears the
word "intent," the last word Wright
wrote.
LONDON, Jan. 27.— Investigation
shows that Whitaker Wright commit
ted suicide by taking cyanide of potas
sium. Wright must have swallowed
the poison while standing before Jus
tice Bigham after receiving his sen
tence. It is recalled that Wright drew
a handkerchief from his pocket and ap
peared to vlpe his face and it is sur
mised that under cover of this he took
the fatal dose. The inquest will be held
to-morrow.
The post baseball team crossed bats
with the visiting team from the Ninth
Cavalry, Ord Barracks, yesterday, the
home team winning out with a score
of 14 to 7. .
The new roster of troops rf the De
partment of California is now in the
hands of the printers, and Major John
R. Williams expects to have it ready
to be issued the latter part of the
week. The roster embraces the names
of all commissioned officers serving in
this department, which includes the
States of California and Nevada and
the Hawaiian Islands.
The tea to be given by the ladies of
Presidio Barracks in the hoproom of
the post to-morrow afternoon between
the hours of 2 and 6 o'clock promises
to be a most delightful entertainment.
The affair is under the management
of Mrs. C. Morris and Mrs. J. B.
liawles. The musical portion of the en
tertainment is in charge of Miss Mor
ris and Miss Ragles, who have pre
pared a most interesting programme.
In the afternoon the team
from the Ninth Cavalry at Ord Bar
racks will play against the officers'
post team. In this team will be Cap
tain James W. Hinkley, Captain G. P.
Whi.j, Lieutenant John H. Howard,
Major Robert C. Van Vliet, Lieutenant
Jfcsse C. Nichols, Lieutenan; B. R.
Camp, Lieutenant Guy B. G. Henna,
Lieutenant Augustine Mclntyre, Lieu
ten: \ Edward M. S!-inkle, Lieutenant
Claude E. Brigham and Lieutenant
Victor C. Lewis.
Lieutenant Beauford R. Camp, Ninth
Cavalry, will act as superintendent of
the sports, and as he is thoroughly up
in athletics a good morning's entertain
ment is assured.
The events that comprise the pro
gramme of the regular monthly field
day games that begin a£ 9 o'clock this
morning are of a particularly interest
ing character. Besides .the usual run
ning and jumping feats and relay races,
a sp-.-ial feature will be the mounted
athletic contests. In these events the
field artillery and cavalry will partici
pate and these should form one of the
most interesting parts of the pro
gramme.
The cavalry drill and maneuvers at
the Presidio yesterday morning showed
the troops to be in fine condition. Ma
jor Bigelow, the commanding officer,
who was on the field in charge of the
squadron, expressed himself as highly
pleased with the work of his command,
both individually and collectively.
Since Major Bigelow took* command,
three weeks ago, the troops have been
in the field every day, except Satur
days an"d Sundays, for several hours,
and the result of this work is shown by
the fine display the squadron made
yesterday. They were put through a
pretty stiff drill, including many more
or less intricate evolutions, and when
they dashed across the big field-under
full gallop with the bright guidons
waving in the morning breeze, theyi
presented a stunning appearance.
Following the main drill came the
pitching of the Sibley tents. In this the
squadron showed great dexterity. In
less than five minutes after the signal
was given to commence pitching the
tents every tent was up. What had
been a plain, smooth, clear field was
now changed into a position to house
a small army .of men. From the sud
denness and dispatch with which the"
work was executed it looked as if a
lot of big mushrooms had suddenly
sprung up. ¦ * (
At the conclusion of the exercises the
bugles sounded recall and the troopers
galloped off the field to the stables.
The sq.uadron \taking part in the
drill is composed of Troop I, Captain
Cftarles Young; Troop K, Captain John
T.i Nance; Troop L, Captain f:hn B.
Chri:. ian, and Troop M, Captain Lester
W. Cornish.
Facing; the Justice After
Hearing Sentence Pronounced
Swallows Fatal Dose While
Take Place This Morning on
Parade Grounds at Presidio
Monthly Field Day Games Will
It was a question of whether three,
treys beat four aces in a game of raz
zle-dazzle that caused George G. Scott
and Samuel Johnson, two negroes, to
be arrested on charges of disturbing
the peacg. They tangled up in strangle
holds in discussing the question and
Policemen Shein and Holmes had to
undergo puzzle punishment in separat
ing them.
They were before Judge Conlan yes
terday to answer to the charge. In
the interests of justice the Judge leaned
over his high bench an<T" asked Clerk
Rice whether or not in such a game
three treys did really beat four aces.
He took no chances of walking around
and discussing the question on the
ground floor for fear that his innocence
might not be a shield for him. Rice
looked up with his bright blue eyes and
acknowledged that he knew nothing
about such things.
Only from surface indications both
defendants were found guilty and or
dered to pay a fine of $5 to the cause
ot justice.
When she appeared before Judge
Conlan she was defiant. "I'm an In
dian," she said, "and you can't do any
thing to me." "I'm something _of an
Indian myself," said the Judge, "and
I belong to the same tribe when oc
casion demands. I'll find you guilty
and the amount of torture will be com
mensurate with your Indian lineage."
Miss Roach from The Needles went
back to the dock and will be sentenced
to-day.
Agnes Roach came up from' the
Needles, a town on the Colorado River,
where enterprising citizens have made
the desert bloom as a rose, to weep
over the remains of a dearly beloved
aunt. She even went to the extent of
carrying her grief to a saloon on How
ard street, and between woe and mixed
drinks she became a nuisance.
On this occasion he discovered that
eight men from Berkeley had crossed
the moat and were trying to kill him.
He thought that if he could discard
his clothes he would disguise himself
from his pursuers. For that purpose
he secured a ladder, climbed from
roof to roof, shedding garments as an
eagle drops a feather in its flight,
some of which were found i in the
rooms he invaded in his attempt to
escape the Berkeley men. Despite
his explanation he was held on the
charge of burglary on bonds of $2000.
William Noon, the midnight burg
lar, had a preliminary hearing before
Judge Mogan yesterday. C. Hauser,
who lives at 503 Mason street, testi
fied to finding the missing coat of the
defendant in his room, and a neigh
bor, in the person of a French, land
lady, said that she was startled by the
sound of a man's going through her
trunk.
Much against the advice of his
counsel High Noon took the stand.
He confessed to the Judge that for the
last twelve years he had been addict
ed to the use of cocaine. On the. par
ticular night for which he was arrest
ed for the crime of burglary he was
engaged in the occupation of seeing
that the ferry clock was wound, thu
moon taken in and the town locked
up for the night. On other occasions,
he said, when he delegated his du
ties to others he found the moon
dampened by fog.
Sproat was handcuffed by the bai
liff when he was brought from the
City Prison and he protested strongly
against such treatment. He wanted
to walk into the courtroom under a
silk canopy. When he was shut up
in the dock with the common prison
ers his indignation knew no bounds.
Neither the Judge nor court officials
will ever buy a turkey from him for
less than the wholesale price.
He was arraigned and his bail fix
ed at $2500 cash or $10,000 in bonds,
and then he was conducted back to
the City Prison with the hateful hand
cuffs still upon him. v
Samuel Sproat, one of the brothers
who is accused of defrauding whole
sale merchants out of $60,000 while
conducting a market at Seventh and
Market streets, appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on the charge of
feloniously obtaining goods under
false pretenses.
refused to recognize the plea and fined
the man with the terrible name 510.
Michaeletti Michaeletias was be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday on the
charge of cruelty to animals. "Is
that your true name?" asked the
Judge. "It is," answered the defend
ant, through an interpreter. * "That's
prima facie evidence of guilt," said the
Judge, as he leaned back to listen to
the testimony.
Officer Hooper of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
testified that Michael — let , us forget
the painful remainder of the name —
unmercifully whipped his horse on
Mission street and at every lash of the
whip pronounced his own name. It
took three hours for the humane of
ficer to pick the bristling diphthongs
from the animal's hide. The whip
marks were merely incidental cruelty.
The attorney for the defense offered
to prove that the cruelty was merely
'a case of somnambulism. He said
that his client could not sleep with
a name like that, and in his laboring
moments he drowsed and dreamed In
a fighting mood, - unconsciously mak
ing the horse the victim. The Judge
? • •
Giovanni Fossa was held to answer
without bail by Judge Conlan yester
day on 0> charge of manslaughter for
fhe death of Vincenso Lavaginino,
His co-defendant was released, the dy
ing statement of the deceased man
having exonerated Rossi.
Nicolo Pasteni was a peculiar wit
ness during the preliminary hearing
and he didn't have sense enough to
make a get-away after he had deliv
ered his story to the recording angel
of the court: He was present in an
attentive attitude during yesterday's
hearing, and the fudge's eagle eye
spied him in the throng that perme
ated every seat and aisle of the
courtroom.
"Bring that man up here," said the
Judge, pointing to Pasteni, who was
idling over the rail -with a fellow
countryman. '•Commit him to custody
for perjury. It is about time that
these Italians began to understand the
value of an oath delivered in a court
of law in this -country- His testimony
was one of the most unmitigated
pieces of perjury I have ever heard,
and I hope the record of it will be
sufficient to send him to the peniten
tiary for a long term."
Pasteni testified during the hearing
that he met a woman on Van Ness
avenue for whom he rolled a cigar
ette. While doing so he saw Rossi and
Fossa carrying a burden, which he af
terward ascertained to be the uncon
s'dus form of Lavaginino. "Under
questions from Judge Conlan the tvit
ness was unable to state what lan
guage the woman spoke, whether she
was tall or short, and finally did not
know whether she was black or
white. When he faces a perjury charge
in the Superior Court he may sit up
and take notice of things.
"In my experience as a Police Judge
for more than six years," he said, "I
have found that fully 50 per cent of
the women prisoners are more sinned
against than sinning. Unscrupulous
men, insufficient nourishment, ignor
ance of the tolls that vice collects in
the long run and, above all, laziness,
are the principal causes of crime among
women. Any one "of these causes can
be corrected in a large measure by a
properly conducted institution, in my
opinion, where a woman can find rest
for a time from the struggle for ex
istence ard have a chance to gather
her womanhood together. When this is
done manv of them will realize that
a resoeotable life, even though it be
accompanied by labor, is infinitely more
preferable than being the scum of the
earth and the plaything of men infin
itely worse than themselves.
"There are many charitable organ
izations in this city which pretend to
care for unfortunate women, but none
of them does. This latest proposition
appears to me to be exactly what is
needed, and I hope you will receive
whatever support you need that may
be beyond the private means you are
now devoting to the work."
Two unfortunates were turned over
to the women representing the new
organization. The derelicts will be
cared for ur.til they secure positions.
If either of them stray from the nar
row path Judge Mogan will use the
ordinary judicial reformatory measures
in her case. Even though nine and
ninety fail, it would be worth while
to save the hundredth, and the wo-men
interested in the mission are positive
that many of the wanderers from the
fold of goodness can be made respect
able women.
Judge Mogan promised all his sup
port and sympathy to the proposition
and agreed that any woman appearing
in his court on any of the minor
charges for which most of the unfor
tunates are arrested will be turned over
to this new organization for possible
reformation. He said , he would
remember those who were incor
rigible and when tney were re
ported back as again violating the law
he would deal wijh them as ordinary
criminals, whom kindness could not
cure of their vices.
Several prominent and charitably'in
clined women called on Judge Mogan
yesterday to discuss with him the ad
visability of caring for the large num
ber of unfortunate and fallen women
who appear daily in the police courts.
They told him that they purposed to
try to make some salvage from the
innumerable wrecks of womanhood
that daily fail into the hands erf the
police, and for whom the Police Judges
have no alternative except dismissal
or a sentence in the Oounty Jail.
The good Samaritans have gone about
their work systematically. They have
secured a home in Alameda. rather
small for the demands that are called
for, in which they will shelter as many
as can be cared for. They hope soon
t^ enlarge the quarters and interest
others in the charitable -work, so that
a commodious refuse shall be estab
lished in this city. For more than two
years they have been working in this
line, but the fallcrn- field of the police
courts for such a mission has been over
looked in favor of rescues from the
streets and voluntary surrenders on the
part of the few miserable women who
had the good fortune to hear of the
refuge.
ENLISTED MEN'S SPORTS
ELUDES WATCHFUL EYES
Cyanide of Potassium the
Drug- Taken in Courtroom
by the Convicted Promoter
r
Major Bigelow Puts Squadron
Through Elaborate Maneu
vers and Sibley Tent Pitching
Charitable Women Purpose to Aid Derelicts
of Petty Court to Lead Decent and Re
spectable Lives--False Witness Committed
WRIGHT'S DEATH
DUE TO POISON
CAVALRY MAKES
GOOD SHOWING
Charles J. Ellis, a young real estate
¦*;-vk in the employ of David Bush &
Spn. orvt^d his life in a dramatic man
::er shortly after 7 oYlock yesterday
morons at his homer 1623 Sutter street,
by sending a bullet through his brain.
Kliis terminated his career without any
sipp^i-ent reason, and the only cause
irm ran he assigned for the rash act
Is^ that ho was temporarily deranged.
He was married to a wealthy woman
two years ago and was happy in his
domestic relations. <
He was apparently in the best of
.health and spirits up to the time that
he sent the fatal bullet through his
brain. He attended the theater with
his wife on the previous nieht and
asked her to call him at 7:15 o'clock.
She did p<r and arose at the same time.
H*' asked to be allowed to sleep a few
moments longer. His wife then left
the room, only to be startled a few
moments later by the sound of a pistol
shot.
On entering: *t he room, she found her
tusband lying wounded in the bed, with
a 3S-ca!iber revolver clutched in his
right hand. The pillow was powder
stained and the bullet had entered the
jrffi&C tPEiple, coursed its way through
ih^'head. penetrated the adjoining wall
ai:d Indeed in the next room.
Dr. Charles V. Crot?? was called to
'he bedside of the sufferer and. as
sisted by Drs. Wilhelm and Etcheverry,
n'i operation performed with a
y»»w to savinc life. The wound was
f.-ual. however, and Ellis died soon aft
er the operation.
Ellis left r.c- note of explanation, and
his .vnung wife is at a loss to know
why her husband should have chosen
t*» «>nd an existence that was appar
>r«!y as happy as any man could wish
for. '
EJIiP was about "1 years old and
came to this city some two years ago
from I'kiah, vh"re his mother and his
f=:s=ter now reside. He was a man of
hap'dsnme appearance and well liked
*oy all who knew him. He was a mem
ber of the Elks and very popular among
The members of that order. Mrs. Dora
< ifd*-neamp and Mrs. Mary Jenkins of
thrr-city were his aunts.
He was married a little more than
a year ago and took his bride to Eu
rope for a wedding tour. Since his ar
r'val here ho had been in the employ
of Bush, ar.d his position netted him
sn arr.z>l<* allowance. His widow is
prostrated by the sad event. His rela
tfves arrived from I'kiah last night to
tatke charge of the remains.
Leaden Missive Penetrates His
SLuIi mid Adjoining Wall,
bodying in Adjacent Room
-?
WAS APPARENTLY HAPPY
Charles J. Kliis, a Young Real
, Estate Man, Ends His Exist
ence in a Dramatic Manner
SENDS BILLET
THROUGH BRAIN
POLICE JUDGE FAVORS PROJECT
TO SAVE CITY'S FALLEN WOMEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY, 28, 1904.
11
ORDER F*OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY GOOK BOOK'
Mail This Order to Tie San Francisco Call With* 75c
The San Francisco Call,
>:'• San Francisco, Cal.:
'Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for which send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
• Cents is The Call's Premium rate t& all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
signef i:"7. ¦ ;..
STATE ..;... \.........V..........:.... ...:...'..;....
ADVEETISEMENTS.
T^ 9
. What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
;s why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure ; no free
alkali. You can trust a
•soap that has no biting in
it, that's Pears'.
Established over 100 years.
AT CUT BATES.
Tf-.^r* (a r . o work of th> kln(J don< »
" v> w »>x<-f!« rr,in». and I lead in low
PrtoM. \wx t f ,. H „ ,, w fieuref:
I'EVELOPIN-G.
naU of « IOcHoTJ of 12 15c
toteh.3c to 5o Velox flniFh.:»c to Gc
• da j c " rry il! k "-k aii steea of film* for Vo-
j" ¦r^lurJ'-^ ' i^^ 1 -- • «]->sure« IS*
•narv T-l . '" '^r^umi 70c. and
ttall crder» wtja*Uj r.ud.
i T^T MAW yiTTs.
r. «%. I1TTS, Th.> Btatloner
|^ 10C2 Market atreet. atov. PoireU.
R OTIlRfl fi
—<i»W Book 60 FREE*^ ** *'*>>«'>•£ 5
~v c.«. '.iiaro^illBy^iaf^^jj .X,
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TOCHICACO
LEAVES DAILY
at J) :.*;O ». m H t&rougii in 3 flays,
with diner aad all trapping's.
Other Santa ¦!"• Train*:
2 : 52 *• m -l for Stockton. Freroo. Bakersfl«ld.
0:3Oa. m.J^ Merce<^ Hanford and VUalla.
8:00 p. rn. J
4 :00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICE — 641 Market St., and
JPerry Depot, S. 7. Also Ilia Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 Souti Tint
St., San Job*.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCIbbU ANu NURTH PACIFIC
BAILWAY COKFABT.
Tttraron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN BAPAEI..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6.30 p. m. Thursday s — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:SO. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:3O.
5:fX>, 8:20. 11:30 p. m.
BAH RAFAEL TO SAN FSAITCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— fcte "=35, 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:ft, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. tn.
Leave I In Efleet I Arrive
San Francigco.l Sept. 27, 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ' Destlna. I Sun- 1 Week
Days. I days. ) tlon. | days. I Days.
7:30 al 8:00 a 8:10 a 8:40 a
I 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:3f> p 1 3:30 p 6:05 p 8:20 p
8:10 p| 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:00 a N'ovato, 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma fl:05 p 8:20 p
5:10 p 3:20 pi and 7rS3 p
5:00 p] Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
, Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p GeyservlU«. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p[ 3:30 p| and Uklah | 7:35 p| 8:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllta. | 7:35^| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al S:40a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pj 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al - 110:40 a]10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sybastopol. |~:35p|6:2Op
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quantln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Spring*; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
cervlUe for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lak«-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lake*. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Lierly's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Git's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
"Weetport. Usal: at Will its for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle, Cummings, Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer. GarbervHle. P^pperwood. Scotia
and Eureka. ->.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronicle
bulldinc.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia Smslits tttrj Arrive
Saa Francisco Nst of lUrkt Ik Saa Francisco
'Week Sun- —SfflL^ Son- I Week
Days, days JraWWWw^. <*»y« Day*.
•10:89 I • 8:00a ££&»&*& l2:0&p iolift
•l:45r 9:00a GSSsfiHV l:'5r 3:fiOp
5:15p1O:O0a W?&B*SS¥ »:»Oi» 5i50r
11:OOa «:BOr t:f«t
~— . l:«8r y£&ty H.amr
¦¦-.... 3:15f| i.Rn*
¦CssBsit wttk rty t» v «yss» —a mm *»¦»
' TICtIT 1 826 Majuoct ST.,(North Shore Railroad)^
OfrlClS I aad Savsalito Fkuit, Foot Market St.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave anU u re A ue to »rri ve »t
SAN KUAN CISCO.
(Mala Line. Foot of Market Street)
t«AT« — K»OM DtCKMB IE •."¦>. 1903. — ¦*»«?¦
7.00a Vacavtile, Winten. ICamtejr 7 5Sp
7 M0 a Benicla. SuUua, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento 7.25* .
7.30a Tallejo. Napa, Catlstnga. Santa
Kcwa. Martinez, Sun U:\rn >u 6 25?
7.50* Nile*. LlTermore, Tracy, Lat&ron.
Stock:on 7-2S»
8.00a ShatM Express— (Via l>.*r:»>.
William* (for Cartlstt Sprlaga).
Willow* tFnUo. Ced Uluff,
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7-55*
¦ ¦00* Oavlt, Woodland. Kntthts LauUiaz.
JlarY«v:ile. OtotHIo 7.55*
8.30a Port Coxtv Martinez. Antioco.
Brron, Tracy, Stockton. New-
man, Los Banos. Men dot a,
Artnona, ilanfurl. Vtsalta,
PortMTtJle 4.25»
8-30a Port Costa, M.mlne i. Tracy. L.ith-
rop. Modesto. Merced, Fratno.
Goshen Junction. Uinford,
VUalla. Bakenfleld 455*
•¦30a Kllen. San Joae. LJvermore. Stock-
ton, (tMHton). loae. Saeraminto.
Plaeer»llle. MarjrjTliie. CUico,
Ki-d KlufT 4.23*
• 30* Oftkdale. Cblnene, Jame^tuwa. So-
nar*. Taolumne and Arbeit 4 2%r
9 00a Atlantic Exprea*— Onden nnd K-m. 11.25*
8.30a Klchmond, MarUnes am> W»y
Statlona 6. S3'
10-00* The Overland Limited — OKden.
Denver. Umalia, Chicago. B2Sp
10.00a Vallejo 1225*
10.00* Lo» Anjreles Pa*»ea^er — Port »
Costa, Martinez, nyron, Tracy,
Lathro?. Stockton. Merced.
Itaymou '.. Fresno. Ooshen Juns-
tlon, llnnford, Lemoore. VUalla.
Bakersneld. Lo» Ansele* 7z3»
It. 00* Eayward. Nllc»an<1 Tr»f Station*. 325P
T'.OOp Sacnmrato Ulver Stunmers- tl 1 03'
IJ&Or Benlcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
W'lodiniiJ, iinlgtits Landing,
MaryiTllle, OrotlHe «nd way ..
' «Utiona J05jk
$£0r Bayward.KUeaaB'J W.iy Sutlons.. 753*
3.30i" Port Cost*, lUrtmr/.. Uyron.
Tracy. I.i'arop. Modcuo,
Merced, Fresno and Way St:>
ttons beyond Port Costa 12 23r
SSOr Maritne*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.25*
4QQr JIartlnex,San lUmon.VaJtcJo.Napa,
Callitoca, Santirfiow 9 254
4.00r Klles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.2i?
4.30r Hay ward. Kilet. lrflngtoo. San t r8 5j* -
Jose. LlTermore ) JU.Sj*
BOOr The Owl MaiiteJ— \r y:iho. Los
Danos. Mem! .i». Fresno. Tulirt,
UaUersfirld. Los Anseics.
Goldea State Limited Sle«p«r.
Oakland to Los Aageie*. for Cbl-
cago. via C. H. I. * P 8 51.
S.OOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12 25?
15 30p Ilayward. Klles and San Josa 7.25*
600p Ilayward. Ntles and San Jose 9.5a*
B40r Eautern Express — Otsden. Denver.
Omaka. St. Lout*. Chicago aa4
Kast. V»»* Costa. Benin*. Sul-
san, Elmlra, Davis, Sacramento*
Kocklin. Aubtirc. Coltaz.
Truckee. Uoca. He no. Wads-
worth, TVlnuemncca .... S23v
B.OOr Vallejo. dally, e.tcvpt Sunday.... » . ,-
7J0r VaUeJo, Snnday only f '""
7J3Of Hlcbmond. Saa Pablo. Port Cos:a,
Marttnax and TTny Stations 11 25*
CCEp Oregon * California Rzprecs — Sao-
rameato, Maryavlile. l;c.!ii:nt
Portland, I'uget Sound and East. 8 55*
B.IOp Ilayward, Nlles aad San Jose (dan-
daronly).... .' 11-5S>
COAST LINE (Marrnw taage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.15a Kewark, CeatervlHe. San Jose.
Felton, It "iiner Creek, Santa
Crnx and Way Stations 5-S3»
t2>15r Newark, Centcrvllle. San Jose.
New Almaden. Los Gatos.Felton,
Bonlder Croek, Santa Crm and
Principal Way Stations ftO 53»
4-15r Kewark, San Jose, Los Uatos and t t8.55 »
wayautlon* (M0&5*
eSZ3r Boaters Train. 3atarday only, .^aa
Josa and Way Stations. Retnrn-
Ing from Low Gmwi Sunday only. t7 2S»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY."
From SAN it UANCIm o. Foul of Mnrket St. i Sll?U
-fliia »:00 11:00 a.m. 100 3 00 515 rt.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Br.»»d%-ay — 16:00 £:M
t«.3 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 2 00 400 p.m.
COAST LINE <»JroaJ Mange).
W (Third and Towwend Streets.)
8-10* Ban Jose and Way stations/.. 6-30*
700* San Jose and War Stations S-38**
800* New Almaden (Tn-s., Frl.l.. oary\ 4>18»
840* Tbe Coaster— 8top« only Sao Jose.
Gilroy (Connection (or Hoi lis-
ter). Pajaro. Caitrorllle (coa<
section to and from Moaterey
and Pacific Grove), Salinas. Saa
Arcio, Paso Robles. Santa Mar
Sartta, San Luis Obinpo, principal
stations thence Snrf {connection
for Lompoc). principal statlcns
thence Santa Barbara,San Bueasr
ventnra, Snuga*. Lo» Angeles... 10-43*
•«00i fian Jote. Tres Plr.on, Capttola,
San tat'ruz. Pacific GroTe.Saltnaa,
San Lais Obtspo sad PrlnclD*:
"Way Station* 4.13»
10 10a 6an Jos* and Way Stations. 1.20*
1130a Baota Clara. Ban Jose. Los Gatoa
and Way Stations 7.30-
1 JOr San Jose and Way Stations *-3«U
S.tOJ" Del Monte Express— Santa CTara,
Ean Jose, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Sant*
Clara for Santa Crux, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gange Points)
at Gilroy for Holllster. Tres
Pino*, at Castrnvllle for Salinas. 12.1S*
3-SQr Tres Plnos Way Passenger 10.45a
4 30? San Joae and Way Stations t800*
tSOOr Ban Joae. (via Santa Clara) Los
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Snnday) t900»
(6-30r San Jose and Principal Way Statlona (3.40a
tVCOr Sunset Limited.— Redwood. Saa
Joae.GlIroy.Sallnaa.i'aaoKnblea,
San Luis Oblspo, Santa Barbara,
Loa Angeles, Demlng. El Paso,
New Orleans, New Yorlc. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crux
and at Castrovllln for Paoiflo
Grove aad Way Stations........ 7-13*
IV Air Ean Uateo.Beresford.Belmont.9aa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair OsJca.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS.48*
8 -30p San Josa and Way Stations 8-3S*
6 OOp Palo Alto and Way Statlona 10.1S*
11.30r soath San Francisco, Mlllbrae, Bnr-
Mngame. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlo*, Bedwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and Pftlo Alto 843*
C11.80T Mayfleld. Mountain Ytew. Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
Ban Jose t9-48j
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t So ndiy only.
« Batarday only.
| Stops at an stations on Sunday.
Er~Oaly trains •topplnjc at Valencia St. sostobooi
are v.10*.m..7:00*.m.. ll:i»*.»t,3:;»r.l«, 8:30 r.M.aa
tttOTJft
~ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
RULL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Eta
rl» Sansallto Tmzsy*
8ubtirb*7 S«^»ce St *^f d T2nv?!7 E oa Ct ?V
Depart from San Franclaco TM J-^.O^ 8.00.
oVnA irt-iiO 11 '00 a. n»., 12:20, l.«. 3.13, 4.W.
1.1% 6-15 7 0O 87+5. 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FnoilsJAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
Sm£-S^3 el". 1*0. 8:», 9:33. 11:06 a.
nI?^/:» lV*5. 2l55. 3:45. *:«» 5:45. «:45.
8 VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CiSCO-DaUy-i^S. «:55. 7:52. 8:55, 8:55,
n-W^Tm.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15, 4:05. 5:08. «:05.
4-fA 9-0O 10:35 P. m.
7.0O. ».W * THROUG n TRAINS.
8 -00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
B-15 Pl «- days (Saturdays excepted> —
Totnalea and way stations.
-3:15 |v m. Saturdays — Caiadero and war iU.
Sunday* only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes aad,
way statlona.
TICKET OFFICE — 625 Market tit.
FERRT — Union tVpot. foot of Market St. !
THE WEEKLY CALL
Si per'Year.
RAILWAY THAVEI*.
Mf if Missouri River and Chicago.
J/Three Fast Trains l|L
11 Chicago and East if
II S Southern Padflc, Unlcn Pacifio and Chicago S Horih-Wast«rn Rys. | |
i Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment ffiM
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; MrjBr
all meals in dining cars. H ffl
WlL For sleeping car reservations, tickets and information J3
ra^^a. apply to agent* Southern Pacific O., or to Jbjtj£§>
'©OQk R. R. RITCHIE. GsnenI Atenr. /&£&
CHICAGO fi HCRTH-WESTERN RY.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28," .1904.
12
DEXTISTS^
D^nL^"DLUM?TaLLrT443 Market.nr.Eleventti
\ o charge for extracting when elates are
made: old elates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per wet; extracting 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; niltngs, bOc.
plates, $5; full set; all work palnlens ami
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlora. 2t Sixth.
V ARTHUR CIIISHOLM, surgeon oentiat.
room 14. Phtian building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 205 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $U up;Rlling3 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 33c: crown*, t-: no
pain; op»n Snnday. Dr.O.B.Hewttt.SOi Sutt?r.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button ani
buttonhole- factor}'. 110 Taylor; tel. Folaom 2121.
MeDOWELL. Dresamakins & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1013 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER enlargement at CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE; an army of workmen
are putting the finishing touches on our new
home. 901-925 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has been one
of the greatest successes of the West; 18.000
•quare feet, 35 rooms. 450 atudents. 13 teach-
ers. Write for 75-page lll_»trated catalogue.
Th* growing life and enthusiasm hero will
be a constant inspiration to you.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established IS years; life scholarship.
$50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc. ; positions secured ;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1- Catalogue free.
NEW Juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived frum 6 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Musclo, principal; exceptional advantages:
largest school of the kind In the West; send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Maaon.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
y.—Bookkeeping. shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; <ray
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or an>- Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sesslorra. Phclan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough »chool of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pino and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A LARGER ard better school than ever: enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business"
College. V£M Market st.
HEALD'S School of Mine* & Electriclty.24 Post
st S F ¦ a cractlcal school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— **ivll. elec, m!n., m*<-h.. sur-
vey, a ssny, cyanide; day. ev.; eat. 1S«4. Van
d*r Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CARLOS N. KELLER, tenor pololst and teach-
er of the art of SINGING; piano taught.
Studio 361 Geary at. -
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day ev2«r.. Tsutonia Hall. Howard St.. near
9th. Prt.f. Foster; society dancing taught.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFlllppe's Academy
of language».32O Postieotab'd 1S71 ;able«t profs.
SPANISH evening classes trl-weekly. $3 a,
month; best lessons In the city. 573 Sutter.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. AVZ Geary st.
PIANO lesson*. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTONS, 424 Pine Bt Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024. Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GET your help at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleanlng Co., 133.1
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Polk 3C66.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 133-1
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce: fur-
nishes beet help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHELTI Employment Offlc*— Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 4t5
Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Offlce. 115 Franklin St.: phone Folsom CS5(5.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese- Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51&S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year*.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
SCANDINAVIAN cook, first class, no wash-
ing, best of references, wishes situation. Ap-
ply J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 334 Sutter St.
A FIRST-CLASS German hotel cook, city or
country-. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A COMPETENT woman wishes work by tie
day. Tel. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman. Is a good cook, wants
situation, city or country. In a private Amer-
ican family: moderate wages; good refer-
ences. 47 Shipley st.
SITUATIONS wanted by two Swedish girl*,
or.e for gtneral housework or cooking aTJ'l
one for second work and sewing. Apply llOo
Sutter st.
A GIRL who Is a good cook would ltk« -
place to do cooking or cooking and down-
stairs work; wages $30. Call 2417 Clay st.
COOK, first class In all styles of French and
German cooking, wishes situation la private
boardlng-hou?e. Box 586, Call.
WANTED by a woman, work by the day.
Call 14 Himmelmann St.. o3 Pac!3c. near
Taylor.
A WOMAN wants work by the> day. washing,
ironing and housecleanlng; $1 50 day. Box
534. Call.
A POSITION wanted for a German girl t«
take care of children. Call or address 57S
Twentieth «t., Oakland.
FRENCH girl wishes situation tor «ec-ini
work in good family. Please call 429 Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants light housework
by month; references. 3601 Twenty-sixth st.
A LAD If 1 takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page 1047.
GERMAN graduated teacher wishes positien *^
school or as governess or companion; also
teaches French. Address F. tllHSCH. Irv-
lngton. Alameda Coonty.
YOUNG ladv desires position In baiery or as
cashier where she caa rcca and board. 72
Ninth st.
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day;
washing, houaecleantng: $1 50 a day ar. i
carfare. Address 545 Mir.na st.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like position as
housekeeper. Call between 8 and 12 a. m, or
address 3153 Twenty-third ft.
POSITION desired by a young lady aa as-
sistant bookkeeper or for other offlc» work.
Box 601. Call.
INFANTS nurse wants situation. Call at
4 Podce, St.. off Turk, near La rkln.
NEAT young woman desires position In bakery
or candy store. Box 2. l'X>S Market st.
A WOMAN would like to go out to —ork by
the day or by the we»k. M. B.. 941 Filbert.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call Branch Office-, cor. Duncan _ Church »ts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McA Ulster st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MA_«E.
YOUNG man. temperate and steady In his
habits, desires work as porter, dishwasher.
be<lmaker or night watchman. M. KEN-
NEDY. SOS Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS, experienced butler wishes
position m good family; best of references.
Address box 5*o. Call office.
A COMPETENT cook and butler wishes po»i-
tlon in nrst-class family; best references
given. Address box 584. Call offlce.
GROCERY cterk with rxpertenc- wishes pnsti
tlon: wage* no object. Address Clerk, JC6
¦Larkin st.
WANTED— Situation by a competent man.
care of horses) or other work on private
place: city references. Box 531. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position In good
family; best of references. Box 582. Call.
BARTENDER, first-class reference* wants po-
sition, ctty or country. McC.. box 538. Call.
YOUNG man, 2:!. seeks situation In any caaaci-
ty. J. P.. 255 Stevenaon st.
BCTLER or valet, flnrt-class man. wishes _
place. Addre— i box TkS. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by an electrical engineer
with long experience In the, handling of botU
A ,, c * nd D *- machinery anJ familiar with
* L, '. can take chars* of
moderate «Ued plant. Box 615. Call.
STEADY, reliable man would like position as
janitor, watchman, or collector; can furnish,
CLAIRVOYANTS — Continued.
MME. M. BERNARD^ THE~FAMOL'3
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reada your 7 life correctly gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will b« told
how to overcome them: valuable advice In all
1 affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; reading* by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
RETURNED from her European trip — Mlsa M.
Wllle. clairvoyant, costal seer: readings
dally $1; hrs 10 to S. 4H0 Geary, tel. Green 39.
MME. RAVENNA reads life, business advtce.
- names given. 25c up; owing to repairs at 5 4th
will receive patrons 835 Howard until Feb 1.
MRS. A. H. KRONENbIerG. palrnistT'clair-
voyant. card reader: when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and card
reader; business advice: sittlngn daily; 10 to
12 a. ra:. 1 to 7 p. m. ; 25c up. 39 McAllister.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; 1. 6Oc, g. .$1. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G.avj
MISS "WARD, for a few days. 917 Market, rs.
11-12: gives, dates, names, facts. Hours 11-8.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
— ioved from 132 8th to 23»£ 6th; la. 25c. g. 60c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26% Kearny. room 20; ladies. 25c; gents,* 80c.
MME. LE FERN, the card reader, has re-
moved from 109 Fifth at. to 118 Ninth «t.
CLAIRVOYANT— 2303 Folsom st.: 25c and 50c:
hour?. 10 to S.
MRS. BAUMANN. th» well-known fortune-
j teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st. '
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader- sit-
tir.gs daily. 448^ Jessie, st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent« — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper. 'for mailing. $1 per year.
carpet' beatixq a~d cleaning.
AIR 7iow universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal: price moderate
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Main S237.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with your work
semi for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 355-357 Tehama gt.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Hil*
rlson at.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 223.
HOPKE BROS. : excellent carpet beating: mat-
tre«»»s made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 21«.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Ma'.n 33-4. CEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH -_ CO.. carp*t-b*a ting works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrlron »t.; tel.Mlsslon 263.
CONKLPya SuDerior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave ¦ : telephone. East 26.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for S4: collection* made:
.- rlty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms ft. 10; u\. -'hiOK.
:_; CTT~.ES BU WUM. ¦
WHO DOES ITT' HUXTER. 1208 Market «_
Stntf for circular.- Why will you suffer?
cTeTThNKLEy! p!5o7?E~MINT~798T
1020 Market st. Opp. Fifth.
Former patrons my best references.
Reliable dealing. Easy terms. Clear titles.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part cash. Balance monthly payments.
18 rooms; Geary St.; speculation. ....'.. .$750
' 31 rooms; sunny corner: rent $5.1 $1000
CO rooms; Market St.; liquor license. .. .$4lX»
17 roomn; Pine st. ; clear $50 '....$700
O rooms; Sutter st; partially furnished.. %XM\
12 rooms; California st.; rent $50; a snap. $750
31 rooms; Fourth and Market: a gift. .. .$1500
10 rooms; Geary et.; clears $40; rent $28. $500
24 rooms; I^eavenworth st.; speculation. $1000
10 rooms; Buih it. : rent $37 50;, only $150
100 room*; grand sunny corner. ......... .$7000
IS rooms; « unfurnished: rent $45 $5Q0
35 loom*: transient: lease $f5OO
K rooms; Post st. ; rent S32; only.'. $250
Grocery nnd bar; rent 520..'... $375
15 rooms; Fifth anrl Market; rent $35....J550
.12 rooms; Polk partially furnished.;. $450
6:j rooms: Mission and Sixth sts.; lease. $4500
<5 rooms; partially furnished;" rent $S5..$1500
SI'UiITU.VLISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all businem proposi-
tions to be successful. My ' wonderful ¦ mag-
net will brlnt: reconciliation • an* lasting
peace with the one you love; readings by
mall most satisfactory, $2; readings- dally.
$1: developing class Thursday, S p.-m. 502
Eddy st.
A— ELSIE REYNOLDS, full form stance
Thursday eve., 60c; 8 o'clock. 328 Ellis st.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
nlght. 10c. 619. McAllister; -readings dally.
MRS. EnERHARDTS spiritual test meeting
to-night; 10c. - 3250 Twenty-second st. '
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium: clr-
cle to-night. 10c; read, daily. 34 6th, rm. 8.
MRS. KOTTER. circle every nlght.~foc~:~devei7
bplng circle Mon. eve.; sit, daily. ¦' 43 Sixth.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
Klate-writer. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.'
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle. Friday eve..
25c: «it. dally. 1000 Harrison: tel. Mint 997.
EDWARD EARLE. 10»2 Kills. r«-dlnra daily.
1:30 to 4; «e»n<*e» Sunday ond TharwdaT-
CLAIRVOYANTS. """.
A— PAUL DESTINE. - .'¦ . .. ~~i '.
The First Registered Trance' Clairvoyant
, and Palmist Ever in San Francisco. - -
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife or . Bweethea rt
is true or false; tell who and when you will
marry; fn fact. I will tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can. tell yourself; I
reunite the separated, restore lost affections,
cause happy marriage, give good luck, restore
lost energy; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.: Sunday. 2 to 6.'
326 O'Farrell at. Low fee this week— $1.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
Kt., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
in. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall air satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered. '$1:
full life. $5; send lock of hair.- date of -year
of birth; don't send currency; send po'tofflce..
. 'Wells-Fargo money order or registered 'letter.
A — GO to Mrs. Dr. Gordon, Scotch seeress, 'ind
know. the truth, 108 Sixth st. .
LODGING HOUSES HOR SALE — Con.
MARION GRIFFIN. .
406 Hearst, building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front '"offices.
Phone Black 3607, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according, to law.
103 ROOMS— ARISTOCRATIC.
N«w and modern apartments, elegantly fur-
nished: 8-year lease: Income $1097; expenses
$630; exact profit $458 per month; the why,
sickness.
30 ROOMS— SWELL.
New and modern; extra fine furnishings; bot
water in every room; fashionable. location; only
$2000 cash necessary: clears $175 month.
* Btt-ROOM CORNER. ¦
New *nd modern; 4-year lease; price $4000;
clears $207 per month; almost no work.
24 ROOMS— EXTRA. . -
New and modem; on Sutter St.; elegantly
furnished, and.clears $150 to $175 monthly.
2f> UP-TO-DATE ROOMS.
New and modern; mahogany furniture;
heavy Brussels carpet*; hair mattr* -sues; clean
and quiet; Income $111 over expenses; all per-
manent roomer?. '. •
15- ROOM SNAP.
New and modern; splendid -Mihny corner;
clears $80; will sell for $1200 less than cost.
10 ROOMS ON SUNNY SIDE.
New and modern: rent $60: full of nice peo-
ple; small amount down and monthly Install-
ments. . \ . .
44 ROOMS— A MINT. •
Others have cleared $500 a month in this
house; better investigate and make an offer.
11 ROOMS— A GIFT.
Only $150; big bargain: only partly furnished;
full of roomers: price only $150 U. ; S." money.
65 ROOMS-rDEPENDABLE.
New and modern: 5-yca.r . lease; opl«ndld fur-
nishings; profit $452 over all expenses.
21 ROOMS— O. K. .
Centrally located, north "of- Market st.; p»rt
offices; clears steadily. $90 I month; very easy
terms.
40-ROOM SNAP. -
. New house; r.ew furniture; owner has rheu-
ms tiwn and compelled to sell; price asked is
$3000. ¦ ¦ ••
25 ROOMS— CHEAP. *
Cheap rent, $50; cheap house. $12.V); but It
must be sold; full: part housekeeping.
32 ROOMS— SWELL.-.
Spacious grounds; corner: homelike: nice
claw oi roomers; rent only- $125; profit $200.
82-ROOM HOTELv ; •
Mechanics* headquarters: .well' established;
a full house all the time; bar; a splendid busi-
ness. . • ."E"**"'?%
15 ROOMS— PERMANENT- & TRANSIENT.
Good for $1CO month; $1200; one-third down.
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
,SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE:
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2S30.
CALL OFFICE /
FAMILY hotel, ncross the bay; sunny corner;
¦ central; 64 rooms; rent $115; clears $550 per
month: a bargain: must sell. Address box
t'48. Cal'. office.
A NEWLY furnished house;: all oak furniture:
10 rooms/all rented; will sell at valuation of
furniture. . 710 Ellis st. '.•
FOR sale — Lodging house. 32 rooms, $2850;
down town on prominent street, . near Market.
Box 936.' Call. .-•-.- -..-• r
HOUSE. koocI location. 4 blocks from Market
fit.; 15 rooms; good paying house; will Mil
reasonable; low rent. -Box '650, ~ Call.
JOS2T D. SPBEC~XI.S. Proprietor.
iarta ccmggti^jojDHMgADGHT, Manager
W. J. MARTIN Biyglnejss Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask fcr THE CALL. Tl.e Operator TTlll Con-
nect You With the Department \ou V\Ua.
Publication Offlce Market «nd Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson «t-
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct«. Per Week. 73
Ct» Per Month. Single Copies 5 Centa
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (.Cash With
Order) : __ _
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 year.. $5 00
DAILY CALL (includ Sunday). 6 moe.. 4.00
DAILY CALL--Iiy Single Month « 5c
FUNDAY CALL 1 Year 2-*_
V.EEKLY CALL. 1 Year - 10 °
FORT-ICV Oally. .$8.80 Per Year Extra
£2£?a?f -1 Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
FOfclAoE. (.Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Lxtra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
£__pje Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of afl-
trtss rhould be particular to give both NEW
A>D OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
rrc-pt and correct compiia.nc« witfl tnelr r»-
aueec
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 BrwuSway Teleyhcc* Mtln 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
*14S Center Street Telephone North 77
Washington correspondent.
MORTON _. CRANE 140ti G Str««t. I*. W.
NETV TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hct*l; A. Bretano. 81
Cclon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfto-»ve-
Bu* Hotel ard HoSman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Kherti laa House- P O. No— s Co.; Great
Ncrthe— i Hotel- Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C.GEORGE KROONrSS..Marquette Building
iLcng Dif.acce Telephone. 'Central 2619.")
X~fW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
ICKW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
ET'flNESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third street*: open
cntil 12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICF.S:
ZOcx Market street, opposite Fifth; cpen until
11 r- m.
C2T Montgomery street, corner Clay: open un-
til 9:30 p. in.
800 Haye« street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
«39 McAllister street; cr«?n ur.til 9:30 p. m.
flf> Larkin street; cpen ur.til 9:30 p. m.
"!»41 Mlffion street; open until 10 p. m.
ST^l Market street, corner Sixteenth; cpen un-
' til S p. m.
Jf* Eleventh street; cpen ur.til 9 p. in.
10S>6 Valencia street; open until 3 r. ra.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. ra.
ICcrthweJt ccrr.er cf Twenty -second an4 Ken-
tuck streets: cpen until 9 p. rr i.
T2f>0 Fill— ior» «r»<>t: o;w>n until 9 p. ra.
MEETI>G AO11CKS.
PAST Master*' Association of Callfor- *
r.ia. F. and A. M — Members will as- A
*rr.ibie at the Masonic Tem;.!e FR1- /{$>.
1>AY. at 2 o'clock, for the purpose of <_S4
*!ite:ioing th* funeral fervic* of cur late
iTother. WILLIAM ADAMS STUART. Part
Master of Excelsior Lod_e No. lfio. F. and
A. M. liy order cf the Prudent.
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
lllS^I'iN «-hai?«r No. 7!>. It. A. M— »
M.— Special meeting THIS iTHl'RS-YY
DATl EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. M. /V\
M. degree. Bv order of the h P
JOHN R HILLMAX, Secretary.
California Lo<"=» no. i. v. a-.j a. ®
M.. nill ir,fl THIS iTHinsUAViYY
EVENING, at 7:W O'clock. Second /V\
dfgrt^. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Set. .
FIDELITY Lodse Nn. r_«<t. p. an d A~. O
M. — Special matins Till? iTHL'RS-VY
DATl EVENING, at 7 -.So o'clock. S*-c-
ond desrr r*-. Fellow craft Mapons cor-
dially invite. By order of the \V. M.
m FREDERICK BARRV. Secretary.
HERMANN L^di* No. KJ7. F. and A.
M. — The ofltcem and members are re- >/V^
<jue5W to tak« THIS DAY the 1 /V\
o'clock broad -saugp boat for Center-
f tn »t station. West Oakland, to attend the
funeral of our deceased brother FREDER-
ICK MENTZ. By orOrr of the \V. M
m _¦ SCHUMACHER, secretary.
BOCTH San Francisco Lodgo No. '2V2, »
V. and A. M.. meets THI:? iTlil'RjJ.VV
DAT) EVENING, at 7 :»| o'clock for ,^\
third drgrc-e. Master Masons ccr-
<ii_liy invited. By order of the Mastpr.
, K. <-. HARE. Secretary.
DORK- Uodgp No. M«. F. and & A. M. o
—Third decree THIS tTHCKSDA Y) "VST
EVENING, at 7::;o o'clock. Master /V\
Mas- tjf <crdial!y jnvitej. By order of
_ -.h» Master. J. It. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
ETARR King Lo^ee No. 344. F. and A. _
THIS EVENING, at 7:.'J« o'clock. /^V
Mayer Mason* t. rOially invited. By
ordrr of the W. M.
A. A. ANDER5ON. Secretary.
TF-RBA Buena Ledce No. 15. 1~O. ... «....„
O. F.--.!..int matins THI? ¦S»_S e 'J_^t
<THl-R.«I)AYt EVENING, .Ian. =2^S3§5*&
2«. >vith Pacific Lodg* xo. 155 to '^Z^^>'
receive a fraternal visit from General Relief
Committee I. O. O. F.; a grood time assured
«:i v-ho attend. Visiting brothers cordially
invited. Bv order.
WILLIAM R. ItORR. Noble Grand.
'.'HA;-;. A. WISE WELL. R»e. Sec.
PA<-IFI<" Lodi;*- No. 153 1. O O ___*x,
F.. will meet THIS n'Hl'H»?-^mffi_)b
I AY) EVENING, at 7 .:.¦• , . ;, k^-v^ft---* 1 **
fharp. to <^nfer th«- third d* 1 - '^S?id^"
jrree and entertain the Helir-f Board. Offi-
cers of the third decree and members of the
VAk» will please be on hand promptly at
that hour. A. W. MINAKER.
. K \ ¦ «TLV~R, Pec. Noble Grand.
THE San Franrt*ro S-ottish Thistlr v fry v."
«1ub m»*.rs THIS "THURSDAY) H,V?
-VKNING. Fraternity Hal!. 32 x \l^
0'farreJl tt.. S o'clock. "Smok«>r"
{oUov t OEO. W. PATERSON.
A. K. CARLIPIK. P.erT.rd»r° >a - '*
BIRXABT Loiz^ No. in7T~~ ~ jf^jvl
m«>m>yr* are r«--jue«t«-d t"cK^_S*\._.
kUend the fnn»ral «=«>r\ :<-es U^LxTS. B^V
<ii "L'r late brother J A *)$*S\?^>
STICKLAND. THVRPIV* V. G"VlT___f^
J»n. r*. 2 p. m. rn-i^rtak- • . vSP""^**/
ir.t: ran^r, of A. W. Martin _»C_^^«M
* '->.. 019 O'Farrell st s *&3££*5Qr
P T ATrrr c ° JOH - VS - rresid-nt.
CEOC.RAPIHr'A I TK^ie^- of the Par!flr_A
by'i, 1 ;™'* nV z<<r McT an ai -"- j -^ to
. ¦ PAR^D^. V^^^ id -" : '
in« ef th» Jot cwrer. in the Mas.n c cem^t '",
«U1 be held «t the Mas-r.ic Temple on TL'rs
IMT February « UW. at 2 o^ctocU p m
lor th- election cf three trustee and »Sch
b-;Hne«i as tr.sy l^sliy mm , berore them
T"EO. rROLJCILJecrrt^v
th- parpoM cf electli* a boarrt of dir.'ctois
to eerie for the ..¦muiir.K year and the trHni--
ection of t-ach other Lurincts as may come
tefcre tb» meeting. '
GEORGE A. DOUGLASS. Secretary.
TH~ Callforri* Debris Commission having re-
«>Iv*d ar>r!ications to mine by l:v«Jrau!io
|Tf<»».s from Lawrence Canatta. Jn'Al^som
I^umas p!:ae*T claim, near Volcano Amadcr
County. Cal.. draining Irto Dry Creek,
which reaches I.Iokelumne River; frcm Lulrl
• n<i Victorio Demartinl. in Railroad Hill
Gravel mine, rear Calaveritas. Calaveras
County. Cal.. draining Into Ban Anton*
Creek, which reaches Calaveras River pi\rs
notices that meetins will be held at room 96
Flood hulldinp. San Francisco. Cal. Feb „
1004. at 1:30 p. m. "
THE «nr.ual meeting of the flockhoId'Ts of
the Sierra P.ailway Company of California
mill be trl<i at the office* r.f the company
No. 220 Crocker buildins. City and County
or San Francisco. State of California on
MONDAY, the 8th day of February 1964 at
the hour of 11 o'clock «. — i.. for the purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year
end the transaction of euch other business as
rr.sv come before said meeting. Dated at
Pan Francisco. Cal.. January 23. 1004 k
D. FRESHMAN. Secretary. '
ANNUAL Meeting — The rr-cular annual meet-
inr of the stockholder* ot The National Ice
Company Will be held _t the office of th»
rcmrany. 327 Market ft.. San Francisco. Cal..
m WEDNESDAY, the 3d lay of February.
1901. at the hour of 11 o 1 clock a. m.. -or the
purpose of electing a boarl of directors to
•erve for tlie ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such ether business as may come
tx.rc.-e the — teetinr.
J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continue*.
FOR sale or exchange for large rooming or
apartment house, 1"8 acres, near Santa t^ruz;
5-room modern cottage; hot and cold water:
all well furnished; 40 acres vineyard; 20
aci-es grain: 800 apple trees; 300 cherries;
200 prujie«; also pear trees; wine tanks hold-
ing SCCO gallons; all cooperage; large barn;
packing-houses; blacksmith , shop equipped
with tools; 2-room house for hired man;
also cuarters for pth«r help; 7 more acres
readv for sotting mere graphs; several cords
wood cut; dryerw; Incubators; 2 horses; wag-
ons; c&rriaze; ;: juts; U sheep; Jersey cow;
40 chickens; farming implements; plenty
all kinds packing boxes; flowers of all kinds;
fountain with goldfish; balance of land in
timber; running creek passes house; water
' piped all over place; In case of trade will
pay difference in cash; price $12,000; an
ideal home. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine: fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mi house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well-located candy store; nil equip-
ped for makir.r own candies; established 8
years; clearing over $200 ner month; will in-
voice nbout $12t>». CAMERON, :j Eddy al.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants in city;
•¦heep rent; receipts $75 to $100 per day: will
bear investigation: price $1500; also one in
good location for $350. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy «t. t
FOR sale — Stationery, books, notions, china,
and agate and tinware store; centrally lo-
cated; on streetcar line: good trade: 3 liv-
ing rooms; place well established. Box 611.
Call ofnee.
ANY ono can make $2000 clear In three to six
months by investing $600; no chance to lose;
ono who wishes can give a part or all of
their time preferred. Box 920. Call office.
FOR eale — Delicatessen store on business
street., one block from Market; good trade.
Box OSI. Call.
DELICATESSEN store for aale; centrally lo-
cated: in Western Addition: good trade: on
car line; no competition. Box 881. Call.
RESTAURANT in Oakland, on principal
street; central; meals 10c and ud: rood
trade; iow rent; make offer. Box 6S7, Call.
RESTAURANT on water front: good run of
trade; location good; closed Sundays; price
T250. Box P72. Call office.
WILL sell my dye works in Oakland; good
business; profits big. Address, for particu-
lare. box 71S. Call.
FOR sale — Lumber yard; good location: excel-
lent chance to get a yard on small payment
down; no agents. Box 375. Call.
A— $400 CIGAR stand on corner. Inquire 5
Hyde st.
$1050; Investigate: well stocked, good paying
cor, bazaar; must be sold. 1600 Devisadero.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works: good location. Box 526. Call offlce.
C4GAH store for sal« on Market St.. near
Thlifl; lease price low. Address "-ox 977. Call.
$750— DELICATESSEN store, with 15 steady
boarders; can increase trade. 3ox 965, Call.
FOR sa.!*— Saloon on a prominent driveway;
good trade. Box 73S. Call.
CIGAR stand: down town In wholesale dis-
trict: gi>oi1 stand. Address box 731. Call.
FOR sale — Oyster and chop house; cause,
trouble bet. partners; must be sold. 603^ 4th.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions ha»
been opened at 100S Market sU. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. -»
KOK SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~Phene South~106a
3 Eddy tt.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
106-roem modern family hotel; swell loca-
tion; first-class trade; ocean baths; everything
up to date; clearing $1200 per month; will be
sacrificed for one-third let* than cost to fur-
nish; obliged to leave February 1; price. $15,-
CHK).
20 rooms; rent $75; 2 years' lease; good per-
manent and transient house; price J1200. '
44 rooms; rent only $125; 5 years' lease: run-
ning water; everything in good condition;
clears $125 to $150 per month; price $2S00.
19 rooms; corner; rent $95; oak furniture;
good carpets; hair mattresses; part cash, bal-
ance on time.
5S rooms; rent $250; 2 years' lease; well fur-
nished throughout: close In; first-class board-
ing-house; clears $250 per month.
5 rooms and bath; rent $18; water fr*e; new,
modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
220 rooms; grand, new. modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $4u0 to $600 per month; golden oppor-
tunity.
SO rooms; rent $95; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
125 rooms; first-class downtown house; 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see thle.
116 rooms; new, elegantly appointed apart-
ment-housje; one of the sweilest in city; clear-
ing $500 to $U00 month; splendid opportunity.
7-room, new. modern flat: $450- cash, balance
on installments; income $45; price $550. .
24 rooms; rent $140; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close In; always full.
102 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
8 rooms; golden oak fur.; Moquet carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer.
50 rooms; rent only $200; downtown house;
always full; clearing $200 to $300 month; new-
ly renovated and in fine condition.
15 rooms; Van Ness ave. ; oak and mahogany
furniture;- a bargain If taken at once.
88 rooms; bonton location: elegant building;
luxuriously furnished: all modern conveniences;
grand entrance and halls; strictly up to date;
called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $5": $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $S00.
5'J rooms; new and elegant building: fur-
nished beautifully and up to date; hot and
cold water every room; $tOOO cash necessary.
7 rooms; rent $3S: modern hoiiie; new furni-
ture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house; fine furniture; hair mattresses;
clearing over $200 month; price $1000.
24 rooms; r»nt only $135; flrst-claea condi-
tion; oak. mahogany, blrdseye map!* furni-
ture: extra fin* carpets; clear* $70; price
$2000; half cash, balance H4 per cent.
10 rooms; rent $50; close in; oak. blrdseye
maple fur.; fine carpets: elegant little transient
house; clears $125; part cash: price $300.
15 rooms: Van N»*s ave.: rent $S5; oak, ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200; al-
most new.
SC rconu; cheap rent; furnished last June;
oak furniture: Brussels carpets; clears over
$250 per menth; half cash, balance 1 per cent;
owner tick in bed.
f>0 rooHis; Bush; rent only $162; good furnl-
turr, carpet*; clearing over $200 per month;
•only 14 rooms to take care of. balance do own
work; a snap.
31 rooms: rent $110; fur., carpets new; clean
over $100 per mo.: 2 years' lease; wife sick in
hospital; part cash; $1500.
10 rooms; rent $45; new carpets; newly pa-
pered and painted; clears $30; $150 cash, bal-
ance time. . . .
5 rooms: Geary: rent $20; fin* little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200.
12 rooms; rent $80; oak and mahogany fur.;
good carpets: • fine yard and garden in rear;
brings in $G0; leaves balance landlady: price
$900. H'h'Zi
0 rooms; rent »3R: oak fur.. Brussels carpets;
3 rooms rented for $28; price $300.
20 rooms: rent only $35; good fur. and car-
pets; clearing $75; owner there 7 years; full:
sickness; $C00.
17- rooms; rent ffiO; oak fur. rood carpets;
clearing $70: mtg. $700 can stand ;reduced $1050.
20 rooms; rent only $100; downtown: perma-
nent roomers; clears $60 per mo.; going East;
$2100.
WHY pay rent when Andersen' will sell you a
Jodging-houBe on easy payment!? ANDER-
SEN. 935 Market at., room 1.
10 ROOMS: cheap rent: part cash, balance. pay.
ments. J. ANDERSEN. 035 Market St.. ' r. 1.
10 ROOMS; rent $75; price $1200; easy pay-
ments. ANDERSEN, 035 Market st.
MUST sell .my two. rooming houses, one south
und one north of Market, before March J.as
1 am called to AlaskR; If you. want n bar-
gain see my 28-room house, rent $37 50,
.dears. $t"0.. See ownpr,, 417 Stockton st.
LODCtNO house, ' 22 rooms; price - $2760; on
Powell «C; central location. Box 512, Call.
>IKETI.\G XOTICES-^ontlntted.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual mwt-
ins of the stockholders of the Union Trust
Co— ipai^- of San Francisco will be held at the
cfiice of the company in th« Union Trust
Company's building, corner Post. Montgom-
ery and Market ets., San Francisco, Cal., on
THURSDAY, the 4th day of February, 1901.
et the htur of 2 o'clock p. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the following year, the amendment of the
by-lawi- of the company and the transaction
of cuch other business as may corns before
* -- : CHABUSS J. DEERINO. Secretary.
• AGENTS WASTED.
WANTED — Agents and representatives of good
i address for u. larg« financial Institution:
h'llldir.s and loan and insurance men can
r:isi!y make from $-<X> to $.100 per month.
Oall or write Secretary, room 200. T13 Market
tt.. San Franci6co.
AGENTS — An agency for a, proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great V.'estern Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
;_. ADVEKTISEMEHT WBITIITO.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships in the test
Ccllece of Advertising In the United States,
1 will eel! them at 25 per cent discount for
ca«h: the college teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence and assists tts grad-
uates to tecur* positions; catalogues fur-
nished on application. Address box 3026. Call.
ASTROLOGY.
MBS. J. FRANCIS, attrolostst: lessons; read-
Icfg; hours 10 to 5. Sultt 10. Hotel Langham.
ATTOn.VEVf-AT-LAW.
~ ~ W. H. ""BITTNElC
ATTOBXET AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322, Emma Spreckels building 1 .
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for Injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property, un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See- me and save money; no pay In advance.
G. \V. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Es tabllshed 22 yn>. ; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & &, 1st fl.
1!22 Market st. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
II. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases; general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases; divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees In advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market ot.. r. 31.
DOES any one owe you money? We will col-
lect it quickly. Call or •write collection <je-
Iiartm»r.t. Commercial Exchange, 20 Mont-
gomery st., suite 8.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.
Room 85. 91<i Market St.: tel John C«6.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice
free; cpen evenings. 927 Market St.. r. 301.
3_ S. CLARK. 927 Market St.; consultation
free; no fet-s in advance: open evenings.
CHEAPKST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent t" any address In the
United States or Canada cne year for $1.
txiytage paid.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
Selling cut Roller Canary Bird?, males and fe-
malfs; Goldfinch Canary ir.ulee. 3108 10th i»l.
BL'SIXESS CHANCES.
A — S35C0: THE leading restaurant of this city:
rent JltO; surrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladies; a first-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A — $1600: SALOON: rent $40; place doing »
good business; clearing for owner at least
$25<» per month; patronized by merchants and
printers mostly; no night or Sunday work; a
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. '£&>n
Kearny et.
A— $1200; CORNER saloon on Clay st.. near
Front; mercantile lunch; rent $45; establish-
ed years; good busineso. R. G. WILKE,
26^4 Kearny st.
A— $800: CIGAR stand on California St., near
S-ansome; rent $40; value in sight: a place
where any rr.an easily can clear $200 p«r
month. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny »t.
A— $1COO; RESTAURANT and coCee saloon
just a few doors from Market st. ; owners
clearing at least $300 per month; will give
trial to purchaser If he means business;
Ftcknees of one of the partners only cause
of sale. If you invest in this business your
money is well invested. See R. G. WILKE.
26Vi Kearny 6t.
A— $4000: CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict: net rent $05; lea^e; this is cne of th«
l<?ad:?.« and best paying places in this city;
no nlRht work. Call R. G. WILKE.
Kearny st.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
"large stock: clears at least $250 per month;
full value In sight; « splendid offer. Call
R G. WILKE. 26i£ Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn. 1 cart. 1 electrlo
plino: 10 years' lease; rent $43; price $.1000;
businecs very good: that is all. For particu.
lars see R ; G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1500; BUTCHER shop in Western Addi-
tion; rent $40: weekly sale ebout 4 steers,
25 sheep: 1 horse. 1 wagon; daily receipt*
about $40. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero st. ; lease; a good paying business;
fresh stock; all ca«h trade. Particulars R.
G WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— $1400; CORNER grocery and bar on De-
visadero Et. : owner has a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compel him to
leave for East. Se« R. Q. WILKE. 26%
K«irny it.
A— $600; DRY goods and notion store with 4
fire furnished rooms on Mission st. ; eplendld
chance for man and wife. Call R G.
WILKE. 26V£ Kearny »t.
A— $1500; THE best oyster stand In Portland.
Or.; a man with first-class references can
leave $700 stand on the business. See R. O.
_WILKE. 26 1 /, Kearny st.
A— $500 — BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; dally receipts about $10;
fhotc-st location In the Mission. See R. O.
WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A— %i(-0; GROCERY and bar on Howard St.;
living rof.ms; rent $20; good place. See R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Ft.
A— " 3 PER CENT" MONTHLY.
On truest mentR of $10O and upward: no "y«»t- '
rich-quirk" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling Fchertxs Itut a rrputabl*. established
busiiie*s entrrprlee In San Francisco; cleared
$9,000 lest >*ar en $100,000 capital; stock
inurrased $20.WK> to enlarge plain; cail
<"r write for particular? i.
'CEHMAJCIA; INVEST. CO.. 027 Market *t.
Ol'R n»\v "Duplex -Bcalo System" won over 200
per ctT.t in tho past 22 dajs on Frisco raisea;
f. r i'r.'Ofii and n-t'errnres a^k any subscriber
on «ur list, or call and investigate; explana-
tion frri* to regular subscribor!> at our office, j
'•nly; OQUBlfMiona har.dlfil r>n this system for
25 pf-r cent or the nM weekly profit?. Terms
for our Handicap «-h»ris, 5^ per day or $10
I>cr week. N. 8. HAND, oxpert haiviicapper,
moms 1. 2 pnd ."i. 113 Stockton Ft.. S. F.
FOR rtJe— Butcher *1iod. Western Addition:
r-rtKhUjrhood first class; nothing but best of
trade at good iTiets: fixtures n«'w, and first
rlasfc; Iioibc. wagon and cart and all toola.
a good wagon trade: will oell' everything for
$l';r.O. Hos Iiot. Call offlce; no agents.
FOR eale— Stationery, candy and toy store;
has ran for *cveral years; with 4 living
room*, rith or without furniture; do** to
Markft St.: In good location for buatness.
I must tell an i>th*r busfne«i compels me
to l^ave. Ad.lrrss box 008. Call.
IF 1 r*n show you that I have a turf system
which has not had a loring day will you put
\ip 5^00 with my $500 i 0 operate it? We can
make $oC0O in twelve weeks. Box 933, Call.
TAILORING and cents' furnishing business
Tor tale: dolne the largest business in one
ot Uw ben cities on Pucet Sound; excellent
crportunity for two young nvn with Email
capital. Address C. ROBERTS. 101 Va-
llcjo St., city.
A- PROFITS $200 nwrnth: cigars, billiard!, and
ilubrooin: rent $45; Iraee; invoices $1.m'ij-
n*ar nrw postof flee : call, investigate make
offer to SKIRM. room 72, St. An?, bldg
A— $600; FRUIT store; horse and wagon- cash
register; tafe; large stock. Eureka Co 719
. Market st. , '
WILL sell for $150 a business payimr SSO <«
J°L lnt °""»"on g addr ea ,
AN eFtablish»<1 butcher business: $300 a week ¦
rrnt $25; stable. Box 55S. Call offlce. Phono
t nurcn 4»>!w.
FOP. Fair, account of sickness, corner Mloon
and lunch hou*.», including « furnished room*
Inquire Broadway Brewery. 19th and Folsom.
BAZAAR and stationery store; good location
and clean utock. For particulars apply be-
n.c<n l and 3 at 2500 Mission at.
P0RTF0L100FeALIFQRNIA¥iEWSFREET0
"GREETINGS FROM CALIFORNIA"
: 'A . Beautiful Souvenir of the Gofden West :
In an Envelope Ready for Mailing
Pf?EE--JO \iff\flj f\b\lE^J\SE^--fr{EE
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Bring in Your Want Ads Thursday,* Friday and Saturday for Insertion in
Next Sunday's Call.
¦¦'"¦¦ . I—— MIS
tSyy^TTM^^^'^^f'^Jip^T^^fe^^^^^fT^S? :^ > ¦> *- '* $*"2 '^^^^3Sv?Wv__W' f '^ '¦ ' -' ' "¦ '¦ ¦¦¦ .* /•¦'.*¦• ¦¦¦¦-¦' Ay.y '• y^S_ r i_f ¦•¦¦¦-¦; ' ¦ : . - i
K^^^£%7^ - *¦ * "'
t4 QREETINQS FROIVl CALIFORNIA" (One-half actual size)
.. - This portfolio consists of a scries of beautifully illuminated halftones
of California scenery and points of interest printed on a' highly finished
book paper and neatly hound in portfolio form. It will certainly prove
a welcome gift to The Call's want advertisers, and many a friend in East-
cm and foreign lands will be made the happy recipient of these souvenirs
of the land of the setting sun.
In this portfolio MOUNT SHASTA is shown in all its majestiv gran-
deur, together with SHASTA SPRINGS and MOSSBKAE FALLS, while
• STANFORD'S new CHAPEL and the UNIVERSITY AT BERKELEY are |
=x== given prominence. ==————=——=—
I MOUNT TAMALPAIS. the STATE CAPITOL at Sacramento, LAKE
? SS_>T1 TAHOE. YOSEM1TE VALLEY, the HOTEL DEL MONTE, the LICK OB- ___3__
*V^2* SERVATORY, MOUNT HAMILTON, the CLIFF HOUSE. VINEYARDS AT
*-^^ ASTI. SONOMA. COUNTY; CARMEL MISSION, MONTEREY COUNTY:
'•"¦"¦¦' : ORCHARD SCENERY NEAR HEALDSBURG AND MIDWAY POINT
[ ARE ALSO FAITHFULLY PORTRAYED. =-=-=-=-==_•
This offer of The Call to its Want Ail. patrons will not be duplicated
in many a long day, but the views may bo found on sale at all the prin-
cipal stationery stores and news agencies on the Pad tic* Coast at a price
far in excess of the cost of a little Wand Ad. in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Don't forget to bring your Want Ad. to The Call THURSDAY, FRI-
DAY AND SATURDAY, AND YOU WILL SURELY BE REPAID WITH
OUR PREMIUM OFFER. "GREETINGS FROM CALIFORNIA," not to
mention the GOLDEN HARVEST you will reap from your Want Ad. «
¦ • - '.
Ads will be received at The Call Business Office, Third and Market Streets; at Pitts' Call Branch
Agency, 1008 Market Street; also at the Oakland Agency of The Call,. 11 18 Broadway.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, JANUARY 2S, 1904.
13
INVESTMENTS.
BONDS, STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All divt'l»nd-payir!g securities for pale.
GERMANIA INVEST. «'Q.. !I27 Market ft.
LOST AM) KDUXD.
LOST— In Onklar.d or S*an Francisco, ladies'
• ¦penface KOld. watch and chain; engraved A.
I«. «'. : liberal reward. Return to SHREVE
<t CO., •.«:<; Market Et.
L«'ST— A .••asstook with the Hlbernia Sa\ingt
and Lean Society of San Franclso in the
name of James rowers. No. 2^{-140«. The
tiTidor will r>l<»!''- return to bank.
LOST-^On Powell st.. between Bush ami Edfly.
package containing embroidery, ihlmhle and
6ci£sors. Return M. F. JONES, «iCU Market.
LOST- An Elk rhurm, initials "W. J. W.Tno.
3." ICIn'dly return to 303 Bush st. and re-
ceive reward.
1/OSvT — A (Lavetack !«8tter) dog. Sport, black
and white, black ears. Return to J. BEK-
GEZ, 334 Tine St.; suitable reward.
LOST— Monday evening, on Putter 6t., between
Octevla and Franklin, fur neck piece. Re-
turn to J8P4 Bush ft. : reward.
LOST — Jan. 23; brown spaniel: white 'streak
on brpRf»t. tall docked. Return to 1129
McAllister st. and receive reward.
LOST— A lady> sunburnt diamond pin, con-
taining five diamonds. Saturday night, Jan.
23; liberal reward. 1C2:{ Washington st.
LOST— Skye terrier, answering to the name of
"Rosco-'' Return to 1S18 Turk st. and re-
ceive liberal reward.
MEDICAL.
IlR^^R,~w\ETlTrspeclal^sT7oT*aTrTemai9
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to S20 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe r
male trouble* and irregularities; instant re-
li»f guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAITS female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syriujre and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most dlffirult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101 S Market st.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In. EARS
positively cured: new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottltighain.*204 Sutter st.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
prs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment S10; hears, lOto'6: 25 years' exp«r.
'DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom st., corner
2Cth; lad.'es. relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126'Market st.
DR. NG TCf* KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs. \
51IKI2S AKD ail.MJSU.
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns one of the most valuable mines In Cali-
fornia, has placed on the market 20.000 shares
.of- Its stock at' 25c a share, the par value
being $1. Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent min-
ing expert. Is In charge of the work and re-
ports that the richness of the mine Is gaining
rapidly as the work advances; this stock will
go to $2 a share within the next 12 months)
Interested parties can see the quartz and gold
taken cut of this mine at the office of their
• fiscal agents
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st. j
aiISCEM,Ai\EOlS — FOR SALES.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
TRY ASBESTOS roof paint and be convinced
that it is the only paint that will stop all
leaks in any roof, either metal or shingle; it
Is also the best preservative paint for all new
metal and shingle roofs,* and makes the roof
last over twice as long than painte'l with
any other paints; It has no equal. Office. 419
California St., room 21: telephone James 5716.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?. *
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs,
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
FOR SALE — 5 II. P. electric motor, one cir-
cular saw bench, one 18 and one 20 inch
circular saws. L. J. NEVERS, 135, 137, 13»
Mason St., new building.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 1.10-132 Beale st.
A — Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal MlFfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St..
near But>h; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
A FINE selection of trunks, suit cases and
tailor-made -uits sold on small weekly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 25 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co., San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, X50 Kearny St., near
Pine; open to 0 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes, at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form Fhoes at $2 50; we pay express-
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
3'/ic ROLL and up: fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN, IUI'2 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 32S
Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 167.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 32S
BuRli St., third floor, room 4.
MILKS of pine and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE> RILEY & SONS, 109 Vallejo St.
SAFES and cash reclatere. new and eecond-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Puck*. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1816
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BrtOS.
BAFKS — New and second-hand. THE 1IER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; ali
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ~
WANT to buy 00 pouches; second hand. 1315
Stockton st.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oft
clothing; send postal. MORUIS, 870 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES
114:i Market et. ; phone Jessie 3741, or postal!
TIIVTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical soods. 154 Oth st-: tel. Ji>ssie 2851.
BIOXEY TO LOAM. ™~
ATA^^RrMAN^MlJuHrYr^
C01-C02-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in*
terects in property purchased.
. Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Ycu Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. .
MONET loaned to' salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding houses, without
security; eazy payments; largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolrnan. C53 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 'i
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
84C Market; tel. Main 1C44. Branch, 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commlrslon. no publicity; S25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 28 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONET lo loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W.-J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. - ;
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY loaned; reasonable rates. NORTON
CO.. "08 Market et.. room 207.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
no. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 038 Kearny.
HELP WANTED- MALE.
A— MURRA Y iilaEAbVi 634-63$ ciy i«t
Phone Main o«4S.
JUadins Employment and Labor Ag«nt«.
C0.IW men work. , increase W.0C0.
SOUTH.
ARIZONA. CLOSK Tl > PRESCOTT
M0 Miles. Arizona. ' $9 10
SHIP DAILV
TO
ARIZONA.
SPECIALS.
Bartender, country hotel, see boss her* $10
and found. .
Butrh-^r. all-round man country good job,
$45 ar;| found. " /
rarm«M- *n<1 wlf». Nevada see boss here,
U and found.
Blfl'-k»mith. vamp, neur city. $2 BO and fd.
ror«m«Mi. small planing; mill, country, cm
PB— her*; baker. CCTlutiy hpfl. $M.« and
found: bak^r. city Insrlutlon.
I 1IIRRAY * READY. r,t4-63S Clay st.
I A— MISCELLANEOUS.
Parb*r. run fhop on shares; rhoreboy, ranch,
$15 an>l found; 'Wman waiter, country hotel,
$•¦.0 an4 found; Ftahieman and teamMer,
country institution. *20 and found; aeststanl
pardwr. country. $26 and found: elevator
boy; fqrmtr and milker, banker's place, $30
and found; gralvr. city; boy for store, city;
V'.aster mold mak««r. terra cotta worka;
milkfi. «;*rmaT)-Sn-isF. country, fare paid,
$.>r. and found.
£hlnifif sawyer. $G5 and found: shingle
<i-iint<-r. $35 and found; carria?* trimmer; 3
mnt-ried labor'rs; 2."' -w oodchopperi" redwood
M>'-; r'ne $1 25 cord.
MURRAY & READT, 634-6.16 Clay at.
AT C. R. HAKBEK & <X>.'S. .Phone Grant 1S5
Waffleman. «y>untry hot*! $40-$45 found
Experienced hotel clerk, country hotel......
$40-f 60 found
Hak*r. Institution, city $40 found
lft wnodchnpprrs $125 to $1 iii cord
Farmers. t=oe party her $20 and found
<'. R. HANPEN & CO 42H Bush f>t.
CARPET Falesmsn. $S0. for country; bar-
keeper, country. J4tt and found: restaurant
bflk«»r and short order cook. $15 wwk: butler.
• $.V> and found; farmer and wife, $50 and
foun4; teameter, $30 and- found: boyn to
Knn trade?. $1 week and Increase, and oth- I
__*r8. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S «acrarm»nto. |
A Bl'TLFR. $50. for city. Apply to J. IF. '
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter Ft.
WANTED — Experienced solicitors, men and
women, ta handle merchandise contracts;
good compensation; easy proposition to
place; lnve«tipzte. Royal Mercantile Co.,
tuite in. Columbian bldg., or S52 Broadway,
Oakland.
A— Z ~~ L
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
end secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free.. MOLER System
Ccllere. (535 Clay st.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14.
firth floor, 3C.-I Larkin St.. for free information
ei to positions, salaries, age limits, etc; day
or evenings.
TRY our men's «b>o*s. union made, tt $1 an4
$1 50 per pair, foot-fcrm shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $:» 50; best shoes on earth 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. r. doors from Market.
WANTED— Activ*. honest man: outside work
and collpctlnx: salary $50 .month; $200 cash
required. 20 Montgomery st, suite 8.
WANTED— Five city salesmen; 53 50 per day
If you can do the business. Grand Hotel,
room 2?.'. to-day, from 9:30 to L
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
_477 and 4TS. Parrott building.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 32S Bush
ft., third floor, room 4.
NEAT, bright carh boys wanted. Apply eu-
p^rintenJcnt'F office, the Emporium.
WANTED— A good tailor on coats; $12 a week.
3<;i>-j Third «=t.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. Apply at Troy Ho-
tel. 5O0 Twentieth st., Potrero.
TWO laborers. Twenty-sixth and Howard sts.
THREE men. pick and shovel. Fourteeenth
ave. pnd N st. South.
BARBER shop r<->r sale; good chance for
hustler. 222 East ft.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
fcoled when you can get tt done for 25c, 00c
and <>Oc whll? you wait at f>t3 Mission St.,
b*t. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.
WANTED — Barkeeper; out of town; young
man preferred : "$70 per month; day shift.
U*-, hours; Ftate age. nationality, single or
married and late employment; Fteady man
apply cnl> ; mere wage* if especially suit-
able. A']<ire«s K. box 50(5. Call office. S. F.
BARBERS, take notice — The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 9 City Hall sq.. or 1504 Market St.,
Journeymen Barbers' Union Local 148 JOS.
R. BLEILY. Secretary.
THREE young men to earn their way through
college by working outside of school hours,
b*iard not included. California Business Col-
lege. 303 Lcrkin st.
WANTED — An ah around bookbinder; one who
can do forwarding and finishing on fu'l
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO. VII
Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added' 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. : 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade; wages paid while learning. Call
or address WESTERN COLLEGE OF BAR-
BERS, (547 Commercial St.. San Francisco.
100 YOUNG men of 18 years, with good char^
acter, to organise military organization. Call
at 473 Valencia St.. between H and S d. m.
WANTED — A first-clase carriage blacksmith at
good wages. Apply to A. MEISTER &. SONS
CO., Sacramento. Cal.
BARBER shop in hotel; 3 chairs; at sacrifice;
must sell by rim. Box D70, Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made.- at $1 and
$1 SO pair; foot-form rhoeg at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
PENSION ATTY., II. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. ; 14
years' practice: references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
COOK: 2 In help; car fare. 155 Beulah
street.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 32$ Bush
st.. third floor, room 4.
FOR sale — 2-chalr. barber shop; cheap. In-
qulre at 107 V* Fifth st.
WANTED — Man to drive laundry wagoo; must
have $?5O. French Laundry Co.. 3372 Mission.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
rhips. Apply DENT'S place, 20 Steuart st.
PENSION atty.. E, A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741 A Howtnl St.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH ofneo of The Call for the reception
of adverltements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposits Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL else* men's shoes;, slightly c'amnged, half
price. X'! ll'f s:on st.. bet. let and I'd sts.
GET ycur shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to KOc. re.:* Mlrfilon St.. bet. Ut and 2d sti.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
BT'GGY. harntF* and as mare, stands about
1 V',« bands : stylish; can be trained to trot
in 2:18 cr 2:20; a fine buggy animal; will
s*-ll rr-asonab!e. Box 893. Call office.
FOR ea!e — Cheap; one ft>an of horses, 5 and 6
years old; wc'.l broker weigh 1250 pounds; or
will trade for a sood heavy team. Inquire
1C21 Railroad ave.. Alameda.
I rilTEEN' fine jeung roadsters and business
j hors^. thoroughly broken and guaranteed.
• Occidental HorFe Exchange. 240 Third st.
j ONE top wagon and one small delivery wagon
. for talc. 512 Goujh sL '
FOR pale — 0 s»cond-hand express wagons and
two trucks. 2^-'i Bea'e st.
FOR sale cheap: 3 spring business wajom,
n*w: 1 2d-baud wagon. ICSO Mission. nr.l.tth.
Xl I'Xrr.EES wagon, light camping wagon
- and go-cart for Fale cheap. M2 Mission st.
Largeel assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.harne^ie.work.drivlug horses. 15th-Valenc!a.
HOI Si:s TO LET. - .
A— PIUNTEP lift of houses to let: send for cir-
cu!a r. G.H.T.'MDSEX & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
A— IIOl'SES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; . take advantage of
this d<-partm<-nt; it will save, you time and
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
tt.. en the square.
ni-mnF movine get our printed list of houses
BI ir?i! SaLPWLV & HOWELL 25 Po S t *t.
ItKAI. ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
SPECK^k'cO^""
«67 MARKET ST.. OPP. KEARNT,
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors. ;
Full Charge Taken of Property. '
MUST BE SOLD.
$16O.C00 — Modern M-story brick bulldinjr; se-
cured lease to one tennant. $14CO per '
' month: bank mortgage, $»3,0uO. can
remain; by assuming mortgage, pays j
17 per cent net; lot CS:0xl37:0.
CORNER NEAR MARKET ST.
$130,000— First-street corner; new brick build- j
Ins: 10. years' lease to one tenant; 94C0
Fiiuare'feet floor epace; a very choice
GREAT WAREHOUSE SITE.
$100,005— Corner; Townsend street;'' 275x2i5 ¦
• , fiet, railroad frontage; no better site
to be had; $97,000 refused at auction. '
CHANCE. FOR SPECULATORS. .
?45,000— Lot 82x27S; two frontaRes: 10G rooms;
rents $o60; one tenant: can be easily .
leased at 5400. 1
$10,000 CASH ONLY. ¦' m
$35,000— Bank mortgagn $25,000: C?:0slo.:6
feet; Kddy zt.. n"ar Larkln; rejits |il5,
must be sold this week.
PACIFIC- A VENUE RESIDENCE.
$17.500— Cheapest buy on Pacific avenue;
splendid residence: 15 rooms and 3
baths; lot 31x128. • ._
POLK-STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$20.000— Stores and lodging-house; rents S15.-
OCO; lot 30 feet frontace: pays over 9
per cent; $10,000 bank mortgage can
rer-ain.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT. !
$16,500— O'Farrell street, east of Van Ness
avenue; pays 10 per cent net by as-
frunnnsr $3000 bank mortgage; rents
$115; lot 27:0x120; two frontages.
BIG INTEREST-PAYING FLATS.
$25,000— Corner; Western Addition; rents
$230: lot 37:CxS5.
$22.600— One-half block from Market street;
rents $171; fine Improvements; lot <5x
100; improvements modern.
$19.000— Annual rents $2185; Golden Gate
Park; modern bay-window flats; lot
50x137:6; no better buy in Western
Addition. . „ 4
$10. 000— Geary-street: 3 new bay-window flats;
east of Larkln street; rents $125.
$10,000— Two beautiful Post-street Hats; clos«
to OouKh street: 30 feet frontage; al-
ways rented; yearly rents $900.
$R,250— McAllister-street fiats; rents $960
yearly; lot 25x137:6.
$9,250— Rt*nts $9fi 50; business property, near
Sixth and Harrison streets ; lot has two
frontages.
$6,600— Yearly rents* $024; Ritch street: lot
42x75: rays 14 per cent net.
$5,000— Must be sold to close estate: Wash-
ington street; lot 50x112 :«: worth $3500.
$5,000— Yearly rents $624; 2-story building
and stable for 6 horses.
$4,600— T->vo Sutter-street flats: 5 and 8
rooms: lot 25x137:6: a good buy.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Street.
W. J. GUNN.
630 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
$1800 — Union et., near Broderlck: sunny side;
cheap; lot 25x100; grand marine view;
ready for building; $250 first payment;
$40 per month; fine Improvements to go
up on adjoining lot just eold.
$2100 — Corner on Filbert: 25x100; opposite cor-
ner just sold for $2450; same size; very
cheap, cara pass on Union st. ; a fine
buy.
$650D — Two very cheap ' flats; Larkin; fine
marine view; big frontage, 4l:fi; 7 rooms;
bathroom In each; a great bargain.
$3S50 — NW cor. Lake st. and Fifth ave.;
27:6x100; a splendid corner for a gro-
cery; be sure to examine this choice cor-
ner; Sacramento st. cars pass every few
minutes.
$10,000—100x110; choice Webster st. corner; a
fine buj-; cars oass.
$9000— NW cor.; 137:0x137:6; Western Addi-
tion; fine marine view; very cheap.
$9500 — 2 corner flats (new) with grand
marine view; both leased; rents always
paid by check* in advance; occupied by
merchants: a fine buy.
$1000—2 choice lots on E line of Eleventh ave-
nue. 150 feet N of Clement street: 50x120;
.elevated ground, and being close to Cle.
ment street, have the marine view.
Offers are asked for any of these properties
and will be considered.
TV. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
LOTS. N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 530 California St.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wreck
the largest buildings completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts.. office and yard.
ALMOST new modern cottage, • 5 r. and b.,
large basement; lot facing 2 streets: cheap
for cash; principals. Box 6«>1, Call office.
TWO-STORY house, j 6 rooms and bath; '2 car
lines; grand marine view; near Cliff House.
410 Forty-fifth ave.
LOTS Jn the Mission for $150 each on easy
terms: 2 blocks from cars. D. COFFIN &
CO., 2-103 Mission Ft.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$2C0 EACH — 3 lots In eood location, to close
an estate. Apply 3316 Mission st.
DO yen f»nl «. cica bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
HEAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
•FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion Aptos, Santa Cruz County. Cal.; price
$5000; also other lands fcr sale. Tor partic-
ulars address Postmaster, Moss, Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10- acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre. . •
Write for booklet. It's free. C03 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues eent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market st.
Jl l \ l *T.,J\ ? ft? ??l?.yjPr "^ A Jf nffiT ATE. '
4 LOTS cheap for cash.. 32S Bush St., room
. 4. third floor.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 32S Bush st, room
4, third floor.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA REAL KSTATH.
HOUSE and lot for sale; finest location In Ala.
meda-. bargain. Call owners. 1724 Central
ave.; no agents. ' -
BERKELEY ADVEKT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE).
J. J. MASON. REAL ESTATE AGENT. COR.
SHATTUCK AVE. AND CENTKR ST.. BF.-
LECTS THE FOLLOWING FROM HIS
LARGE LIST OF CHOICE PROPERTY
AND INVITES INSPECTION: I
For rent, an elegant, well -appointed honsa
of 10 rooms In the heart of the west por-
tion of the town; rent $60.
FOR RENT— IN A GOOD /NEIGHBOR-
HOOD. HOUSE OF 10 ROOMS? AND BATH;
WILL RENT TO A RESPONSIBLE TEN-
ANT FOK $50.
A~FEW BARGAINS.
$1250 — l-room cottage; half block of car Une;
three blocks of station; street work all
done; $200 cash, balance $15 per month,
including interest at S per cent.
Here la a chance that everybody has
been looking for — a lot In the warm belt
of the foothills: wo have opened up a
email tract; lots only $700 each; come
and Inspect them; easy terms.
MORAN & SWAIN
2131 Shattuck ave.. tippostte Berkeley station.
(Successors to L. J. Moran & Co.)
BARGAINS — We buy. sell, exchange or build
MURDOCH & CO.. Lorin Station. Berkeley!
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$S0O cash, $12 monthly; cottage or G rooms and
bath, wasn tubs, etc., nice basement, good,
barn, chicken house, run, etcj, 8 lots. 20t>x
. 100; all fenced and" on corner of graded
streets; land all set in small berry fruits of
ran imported quality; randy loam soil; no
irrigation needed; away from fogs and
winds; near a fine 3-story grammar schoui;
an ideal home, near -the foothills; short die-
tance to main line of cars; adjoining East
Oakland; place settling up rapidly; price in
all. $2300; call or send for . circular, 455
Seventh st . opp. Broadway station. Oak-
land; carriage free H. Z. JONES, owner.
OAK LA.^li KlKMTliRB r'OK SAI.B.
] TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl-
ture. H. gcneilhaaa.il th nt..cor.3tore.Oak)and.
; W&WIXC MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
• NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used: $10, $15. $20; second-
1 hand, $3. $5, $S; all styles; cuaranteed. New
1 Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
• $16 50— NEW Improved drop-head nlckel-Hnleh.
guaranteed 10 yrs.: 2d-faand sewing machines
$2 50. $3. Si. 145 6tb st.; tel. Jessie 3130.
STORAGE! ATSD J^REJIOCSE*^
A — KMPOmi'M Storage & Van Co.: furnttur-,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72V
7.'!1 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Gran^ 161.
riERv'E-ROnOLPH storage & Moving: Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKIJN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. XKl Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 940
Ml.«slon st. ; tel. Howard ML F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC i-tormr* and Furniture MoYlmr Com-
pany. 2X20 Filtmore st. : phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: t«l. Main 1SM>. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING'. AND STA.ljMEwnQ.
MELBOURNE School. V31J Ness-Market— Cur«
In every case; Individual teaching;; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wcnderful cures: home cur».
TVHEURITEIIS A:iD _ SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. t
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
h!Kh»r and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th»
Typewriter Exchange. MG California St.
A FEW good typewriters at $.10 each: get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, ill) Mont-
gom*ry st. j.
A typewriter »t any price; agents Fav-Sholes.
$1PO: Sun. $40; Commercial. $35: Postal. $25.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTIS3 & WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters* sol.i. rented. r«palr»d.
Web«».er Typewriting Inspec. «."*». SfS Market.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley — Nottc*
to Contractor?, Builders and Material Men:
Nctk-e is hereby given that sealed bids ar*
folicited fcr performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for tha excavation ar.d
foundation of the central pow»r-hous% on th«
grounds of the University of California at
Ferkeley. Cal.. and sal>l bkis will b« received
at the office of the Regents. South Hall.
Berkeley, at or before 12- o'clock M. of Feb-
ruary 3, 11H>*. Plans and specifications for
said excavation and foundations have been
adopted and may be examined dally at offica
of the Regents from W a. m. until 4 p. m.
No bids will b« ccn«ider?d unless accompa-
nied by a certified check or b-jnd of bidder,
in favor of the Regents of the University of
California, etjual to ten tlO) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that.
II said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter Into a prot>er contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obligations in accord-
ance with said hid and with the plans and
specifications which are hereby required to ba
a part of such contract. The right to reJe-Jt
any and all bids Is hereby r?s-»rved. By or-
der of the committee on grounds and ten .t-
lngs of the Doard of Resent*. V. H. W£Zi-
DERSON. Acting Secretary.
UNIVERSITY of California. Bt-rkeiey— Not!c«
to Contractors. BuiMcrs and Matertal M-n —
Notice la hereby given that sealed biUj ar*
solicited for revforming the labor and fur-
nishing the material for the structural stexl
and iron work of California Hall on th»
grounds of thi University of California at
lierkeiey. Cal.. and raid bUis will be re-
ceived Ai the office of the Regent*. Souta
Hall. Berkeley, at cr before 1^ o'clock m. o?
February 1<>, 10iH. Pla" S and specifications
of said structural steej am] Iron wcrk hav»
teen adopted and may fc«? examined daily ac
ofnee of th* Regents frcm a a. in. until 4
p m.
No bids will be considered unless acoia-
panted by a certlfl?.! rheck or bona of hidder
in favor of the Regents of ihe University of
California, equal to ten (13) per cent of hn
bid. with sufficient «ur»tlrs. conditioned that.
if said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter into a proper contract t<-> faithfully
perform the duty and obl!:nt|nnj In -accord-
ance with raid bid and with the plans arid
specifics tioni * wh 'ch are hereby rerjuJred to
be a part of such contract.' The rlsM ti> re-
Ifct any and all bid" H herebv reserved.
By order of th^ Committee on Grounds and]
PuildlnKs of th? Boar.! of Regents. V. H.
HENPERSON. Secretary.
BIDS' will be received until Tehruary 13. l»t>4.
for the drMlins of an oil wei! within 5 miies
ot Evanston. Wyo. : plenty 01 water n»ar by;
cral can be put at the - ell at frnm $ -'. to * : SO
per ton; the contractors to furr.lxh everything
and must prosecute the work dlHrently day
and right until completed. Bidders will
make separate bids at so much per foot »-»
sir.k 10C0 feet. 1W0 feet and 2000 feet <lee»;
the size of the hole to ba not !«*>» than *U
inches at the bottom on completion. TJ-o
right is reserved to reject any and all bids
If the price is excessive. For further par-
ticulars write or call on the un-lcrsierieri o r
FRANK M. FOOTE. Evan.«trm. Wyoming.
W. D. SANBORN. trustee. e;ll Mark«t st.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Jan. 2.\ KKM —
Sealed urorx'sal*. in triplicate, wi!! be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. February
25, l!iO4. and then opened for cv.srruetion "f
a brick hospital (inclu'lirg plumhfnsr, gat
piping and h-at!nR> at Fcrt McDowell. Cal.
Government reserve* t h.« ristht to reject or
accept anv or all bids In whole or in prtrt.
Information furnlsli?<1 on application to WM.
S PATTEN. .Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief Q. M.
AUCTION Sale — Office General Superintendent,
Army Transport Service. Hun Franc'scn. Cal..
January 27. 1004. — There will b<» *ild nt pun-
lie auction, i»t 11 o'clock a. m.. February !>.
1W>4. at Folsom-st. wharf., a Irt »t Tn<sreK»-
neous condemned quartermaster"? ftores. *
list of which can be sen at Fnlsom-st.
wharf. C. A. PEVOL.
Major an-1 Quartermaster. 1'. irt. A.
V. & ENGINEER Office. Flood RuiMirig. San
Francisco, »"al.. Jan. i'S. VM'i — £>jih>-l rm-
posaln for dredging In San Pablo Bxv. I's!..
will be receiver! here until 1". nocn, March 2.
l'JOl. Information en application.
W*. II. HEl'ER. Lieut. CM. EnRine-r?.
MAURI AGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
y»ster<5ay:
Sentanra Goto. 25. fiO Natoma street, and
Julan Pelter. 2t. 2* Sixth street.
Samu-1 H. Boardrcsn. 37. 1".O Franklin
street, and B^rnle R. Drown. 25. 2250 J-»ck-
son stre-t.
Maurice Hirsch, "f>, Ukiaii. ami 5Iabe:i«
Smith, 21. Uklah.
Ernest P. Tart>la. 21. Wp.tsonvl'.le. and Jo-
sephlne Fell, lft, Watsonvll!-.
Daniel B. Adams. 31. :« Crooks street, and
Annie D. Dcusherty. 21, Truckee.
Joseph I. O'llr'.en. 25. 20 1 « Howard street,
and Maria T. Co!!, 22, 2010 Howard street.
John J. Joyner, 22. 2:«> H.^nry *lre.>t. and.
Annie M. Karl-on. I 1 ). 11 OS Harris >n strtet.
Horton I,. McKay. 24. ZVV; fallfornla street,
and Allf-e I. MoD^noush. 2rt. 207 Thlr.l avenue.
Charles F. W. Iredale. 21. 1333U fctevenson
street, and Ella N. 1:00th. 21. 512 B&stwtU *t.
Mantel F. das Neves. .".4. San Rafael, ana
Isabel A. Leonor. ID. San Rafael.
Joseph J. Reea. :S4. Oakland, and Florence
Rimassa. IS, Oakland.
Wlntteld S. Miller. 42. Seattle, and Florence
E. Doan*. 30. Kansas City. Mo.
Charles W. Caryl. 45. :«W1 Jacks m street,
and Ella Mansfield. 42. 1138 Sutter street.
Niels N. Bralve, 2«. W Ryan avenue, ani
Hulda P. B. Hansen. 24. 1P.21 Rhode Island 't.
Johan Kieiecer. '.Hi. Pacramento. and Emma
Gawaletti. 1». ?acri».mento.
Harmon X7. Henlil. 21. Xt Tremrat avenue,
and Florence 3. Cranston. 21. 1777 Pas? street.
James GorrlK. 27. 2T»2S Mission *tre*?t, and
Ethel L. Jackscn. 18. &J4 Natoma street.
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notl'as s*nt by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In »t either of the publication offices and ba
Indorsed with the najne and r-sldene© of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BOR.V.
L.INK3 — In this city, to the wjfe of A. Links,
a son.
MAKIUKD.
APAMS— DOUGHERTY— In thi* city, by IH»
Rev. J. F. Nue?nt. Daniel B. Adams of San
Francisco and Annte B. Dougherty of
Tmckee.
BIGNOTTl — STt'RLA— In Fan Ra'ael. Janu-
ary 2«. 19O*. by the Rev. Father Egun. Frel
Bignottl and Palmera Sturla. both of fan
Franclaco.
ST\PF — EXNS— In this citv. Januarj' 24. \?M,
by the Rev. Herman Gehrcke. Peter R.
Stapf and Maria J. Enns. both of San Fran-
clsco.
~ DLED
j CaHazhan. Charle* Kelly. Co istance J.
Canning-. Mrs. Mary Locke. August
¦ Carlin. Catherinu G. Lyons. Jame-» K.
Clare, Geirrw E MeCreadK Biidffet
Coleman. Elizabeth McMahon. Daniel J.
; Commcrfcrd. John J. McTigue Michael
1 .Crary. M*rv A. O - Briyi. Henry .
Creighton. Frank 0 - C«n#»or. Clare
D*aley. James K. Onell. Ellen
Dean. Dorotny M Peckham. Grace
Ue Martini. Ann!# Power*. EJmuad
Dc.wnii'g. Ca'hf-rlno Powers. Europe F.
J Ellis. Charles J. Raymond. Vincent
- Fitzgerald. Blarv Reajran, Jane C.
Fuller. Phillip O. Rocney. Mary
4 Oaddlni. John Ri.tsrke. Brnl:r:t
1 Oaltowsty. Mr». •!. HtrlcH'.aml. I-.hn A.
Hallinan. Parah A. Stuart. Wilildm A.
Hoffman. Eunice L. Tpmnieton. Mary
r liclsworth. Harr/ Ti-stana, Mar.»e!
Johruwm. Mr^'y A. Turr.tr. l>ani;l
Jchnson. New Wehr. Gustav T.
r CALLAGHAN— In this" city. January •!<",, 13t>l,
t Charles, dearly beloved husband of Mary T.
I Callashan. and brother of Thcmaf. Juhn an<l
Dennis Callaithan and Mrs. Elizabeth A.
• Waters, a native of Plymouth County, Mas-
Continncd ovt Page Fourteen.
ROOMS FOR HOCSBKEGPISO. *
A — WHY~~rema!n In cold rooms when you can .,
get warm apartments at the Knickerbocker
Apartments. 1340 Pine at.?
CASTRO 423— Two large sunny front unfur- 1
nished ronms In modern flat; suitable for
light housekeeping: moderate. "
• — t *
CALIFORNIA. 1421 — 3 beautiful rooms; sunny; 1 .
private bath; garden; $30. | <
D« Normandy. The— €05 Post; housekpg rms.. .
$3 50 to $6 50 a week; running water, phone. ]
EDDY. 633 — I unfurnished or finely furnished .
rooms; private residence; adults: phone. 1
ELEVENTH, 120— Clean front aulte for house- •
keeping; gas stove; private. ,
FELL, 222—3 sunny housekeeping rooms.
FOURTH. 225 — One large housekeeping room
with large closet. '
GEARY. 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges: ,
running water: gas; reasonable.
HAIGHT, 1788 — Two unfurnished sunny rooms
and small kitchen; bath and ,ihone.
HAVE* 3 or 4 rocms completely furnished for
housekeeping; private residence; central;
rfnt reasonable. B..X 742. Call.
; HOWARD. 7*>1B— Two housekeeping rooms:
on«» front: gas, bath: $11. Call after 5 p. m.
LARKIN. 62&H— Sunny housekeeping rooms.
PEARL, 3. corner Market — 3 furnished house- !
keeping rooms; $18; no children.
THE VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell— Unfurnished 1
bay-window suit; marine view; also house-
keeplng rooms; gas range; sunny; bath.
TURK, 524 — 4 rooms, sama as flat, modern.
$40; also 2 rooms. $1».
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367 — Sunny front rooms,
furnished, for housekeeping; $12.
HOUSES.
GLENDORE — New apartments on Pine St..
east of Van Ne*« ave.; 5 and 6 rooms each,
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric llshts, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will be finished
with exceptional beauty and taste and are
now offered for rent unfurnished; tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will manage
the building, now approaching completion;
open for inspection. HOOKER & LENT. 14
Post st.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS. "
Cor. Pine and Taylor sts.; beautiful new mod-
ern apartments; all sunny corner suites; fur-
nished or unfurnished; marine view; phone Pr
Exeh. 443. LYON A- HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
THE Lunger, 445 Hayes, cor. Octavla — Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments:
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths; $40 up; refs.: also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Neas— The
acme of perfection in e'egantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; a $30 to $55.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rcoms. also single; furnished cr unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
HADDON HALL.
851 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
APAXtTaitijt'X'S WAMT-tll).
WANTED — A 3-room furnished apartment;
must be reasonable and central. Box 633.
Call office.
ROOMS TO LET~F a rn. and P nfn rn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern an-l "eunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up: this is the only up-t-xl.it- house in
this vicinity: first-class grill attached.
A BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN, 830 Sutter— Just opened; hand-
somely fur.: cor. suites; bath; sun all day:
fine view; single rms.; tourists; excl. location.
AT '.'The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth St.— Rooms. 25c. COc. $1. $1 M night;
$1 50 to $lO week: house op«n all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, sujte. single; also .unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elesrantiy
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CRYSTAL HOUSE. 967 Sutter St.— Elegant
rooms; board If wanted: reas. respectability.
EDDY. 7C3— Splendid view of Van Ness ave.:
' an apartment and single rocms; modern flat.
DE NORMANDY. THeTcOS Post St.— Neatly
furn. rocms. $2-$3 00 wk; run. water; phone.
FRANKLIN. 502. cor. Fulton— Large sunny
front room; double bed; toilet and bath; con-
venient; hot and cold water.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk. : reading-room.
JESSIE. 363. east of United states Mint — Fur-
nished rooms: $1 f>0 oer week.
JONES. 919, near Bush— A very desirable fur-
nished room; all conveniences.
MANHEIM, 6S2 Sutt»r — Sunny front rcoms;
strictly first class: transient.
MARKET, 10.12 — Nice, eunny front rooms; also
housekeeping rocms; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 769— Well furnished front par-
lor; suitable for ladies or gentleman; rea-
sonable
M1SSJON. 837A— Fine single rooms, with run-
nlng .water; closet: $1 CO week and up.
MISSION. 1221. near Eighth — Nicely furnished.
funny, single front rocra; $6.
PINE. 2S30. near Baker— Furnished large front
rooms; also cne small room.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies* par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50: week. S2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1C02— Modern sunny suite;
handsomely furnished, piano.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna — A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
SUTTER. 1022^. near Hyde — Two large sunny
parlors & kitchen or laboratory; gas grate.etc
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $C week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus;baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. B19 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nleht: $2 to $S week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light In
every room, rooms from 15c to $1 per night.
75c to $5 per week; open all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH efflce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beer,
opened at 100S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Ooen until 11 p. m. i - ¦-¦¦ *¦
rooms and no a np.
977 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furclshed-
• ultei; baths: all modern conven-
ience*; excellant table.
MCALLISTER, 7S1— Nicely rurnlsaed rooms,
with board; scnts only.
The "Wallace. 944 Van Ness, cor. O'Farrell st. —
Room and board $25 month; under new man'gt.
ROOM and beard, modern conveniences, for :
gent.: private family. 1224 Oolden Gate are.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Snnny rooms;
excellent table: from $4U; single $25.
N-EWPORT. 101S Pine, near Taylor— Large sun-
ny fcultea; also single room; excellent tabU.
6t«venson mansion. 807 California — Fin* rooms;
new chefs; colored service: table specialty.
O'FARRELL. SOS — Furnished rooms; bom*
cooking: Gentian family; $9 per week.
POWELL, 802, cor. Sutter— Large sunny corner
1 room for 2. terms reasonable: aiao single rm.
< LEGAL ADVERTISBMRSTS.
c CENTRAL. PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
? FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
; Notlc« Is hereby given that, pursuant to the
• provision of Article Elect of the mortgaife
" from this Company to the Central Trust Com.
J pany of New York, Trustee, dated Ansust I
j 1HK), this Company has set apart out of tf 9
" net Income derived by It from th« line* of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
'. ty- five thousand dollars In trust to be used
tf redeem «ald bonds, and that bonds Issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there,
with and bids are hereby Invited for the sur-
render of such bonds 3t prices to be named by
. the bidder*, to the amount requisite to ex-
haust said sum. Such bids should be ore-
' sented to this Company at its office. 120
* ' Broadway. In the City of New York, oa or
before the 1st day of February. 1904. a;
' twelve o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed
••Bid* for Surrender or Central Pacific Raii-
! way Compa-.y First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
i By E. H. HARR1MAN. President.
New York, January 2. 1004.
MOVK> TO T.O*1V— rnnllnn>H.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chatuls, In city, town
or country.
L<-w rate of interest.
Give full "particulars
' of property or chattels!. -
. Location, etc.
Box 40S. Call office.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners en unin-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49, Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. F,
Plscount Agency, 143 Phelan building. t •
AT lowest rat»f on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no comni!ssicn;lnstal!ments accepted.
UONKLL1; :"'l Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY ?u:n «r> fnrnltuie or pianos; no removal;
lowest rnte; easy payments; no commission.
1170 Market t-t.. room 6^ ,
.1 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or p'.ano. 1003 Mu-
tual .Savings Bank bldg-. 70S^Mark»t st.
STAR T-*>an Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employe". R.311. MutualSav. Bk.fcld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indoreer. MORELL. C09 Examiner building. .
BICSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Klmball. fancy walnut ;....$3ft
Col lard $37
Steinway I'O
Henry, Hert* $78
Occidental $S2
J. & C. Fischer $99
8 Emersons. walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, same as new. each (187
Colby. • cannot be told from new $235
Chickerlng ...,.: .$187
2 Stelnways. larga and small size, al-
most new v ..$135-$S25
Heine $475 etyle. slightly used .$233
And 200 others. . ,
- AH pianos sold are guaranteed not to b« de.
. fectlve Examine this list.- *«Ve have never
had such a great variety at so low a'brlce.
Rents. $2 up; Installments. $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary »t.
A FINE lot of bargains In second* hand pianos.
including such makes as Steinway, Hainea
Bros. Knabe, Bjs us. Foster. Weber. Star.
• Marshall & Wendell. Sterling and other
makes. BJiNJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O' Far.
rell st.; nc branches in. San Francisco.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
' WHITEHjSAD'S storage. ie30 Market at.
A STEINWAY square piano for sale. Call at
S«9 Fell St.. between 1 and 2 p. m. v
NEW Voee piano, colonial style; offers wanted.
625^4 Larkin st. • . r.-
NEW pianos cold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITK <fc CO.. 1C McAllister st. .
A FISCHER upright piano" for sale;, good as
new; $138. 237 Geary st. -
$C6 — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; nearly
pew. HORNUNq BROS.. 216 McAlUster st.
BEAUTTFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
. perfect order; sacrlflce. Keeff.e'8.285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. I>ypon Mauzy pianos. Cedltan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
'SUPERIOR vlollna zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER maker repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO leave — Premises suitable for market; 50xs0;
situated on a corner in a well-populated dis-
trict. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Mont-
gomery st.
NICE fine office to let; also fine front desk
room. Call at 411) California St.. room 21.
PISnSO.N'ALS.
THE Ptar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves its growth, stops falltng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; atarupgists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 13:58 Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy: vapor and electric bathe: face
vibrating machine lor rheumatism; genuine
-tuba, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 406 Geary.
NOT. how cheap but how good is tthe motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day, i.
XV. EVANS, agent.- 1C21 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
RAG carpents wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twlno, in hank or chain, at lowest
' rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st., Oakland.
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo. ; ladles' pults made
to order; first-class v»>ork: $10; with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 3S0 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
ea&es positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk st.; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
• guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 097 Mar-
ket Bt.. room 20.1; phone South 751.
AT If S3 than cost, .uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard St., near
9th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
LAUNDRY, gents' suits cleaned and pressed;
called for. 300 Golden Gate ave.. cor. Hyde.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 369 Sut-
ter. r. 009. Mies Eaton, 233 Geary, room 38.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles "perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson. 139 Post.
Bon Marche Pants Co. : special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 10. 40 Ellis. Tel. Prumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed b> eleC-
trlc needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market."
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 SO?
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
PAL>MISTIiY.
MME. DEVAS, .scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press $1; open Tue.day evg. also. 130 Post st.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 212 Post; hours
1 to 5 daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
II. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Black 501.
PAPKRHAXGING. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting. painting.
Hartmar.n Paint Co.. 310 Third: tel. Main 413.
PATENTS _ WANTED.
WHAT have you to offer in this lino for sale?
Box C63. Call office. -
PHYSICIANS AXI> Sl'UUEOSS. -~
DR. cT^To'DONNELL— Office and residence,
102lH> Market st., bet. Oth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD. Kkln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073't Market et.
REMOVED— Dr] WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases or the human bedy; for
past four years at 113-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CUT Orary St.. near Lcavcnworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY-. tuccesRor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MAT6UDA has returned from Orient.
Nor/ at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
easfa cured by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladies'. Chlchefter's English Pe'nnyroyal Pills
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars.. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist,
ChlchfEtor Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
D1VIDEVD NOTICES.
THE Phcenix. Savings. Building and Loan As-
sociation. DIG California st.. San Ieranclsco.
has declared a dividend for the six months
, ending. 1 December 20," 1903, at the annual rat«
of if per cent on general capital stock, « per
cent on term certificates and 4% per cent on
tarings accounts, the latter being withdraw,
able upon 1 the same b'eneral terms and condi»
tiens as are usual with savings banks.
The Phoenix has a paid In capital of $1 .
000,000 and a • reserve fund and surplus of
$210,000. Its 'directors are: A. A. Watklns.
president; Charles R. Bishop, vice president-
6. -•: Prentlss Smith, treasurer; Clarence
Grange, secretary and managing director;
Gavin McNab. attorney; Charles E. Ladd and
George C. Ecardman.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
¦ ing Society. Sth floor. Mutual Savings Baclc
building. -70S Market St.. opposite Third—
. Fcr the half-year ending 31st ut December
1303. a dividend has been declared at in*
rate per annum . of (12) twelve per cent on
capital ttock and participating certificates
f r«e of taxes, payable on and after BATUR-
' DAY. January 2. 5904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAJQ. Secretary.'
EM r.LO VMKVT \V A XTED MALE. J
i ¦ !>->;<; :;n:i iKwrtwtK a«t-d "2«i reifuires a
•,»:-:< i"!i wheue be on learn to tend bar. mix
arlak*. Me. to«u «r ¦\-untr\ ; steady habits
a.°d i*an«rit«. Box fci:i. Cull office.
u ANT:-.>> -Py man and wife, situation: man
e od xtrd*l»r: r.lfe coek or housekeeper-
¦ ! * o1 .»¦<* :»!•*•? iocs. Address box 11)10. Cai!
Hi - . '-aklsiid.
¦>. • i N>; r.tsn. !-"-ady snd cupxb'.e, Aalfcaj jicsi-
: n on private place fiiM of the niorth; p<:k>4
l.. ¦;••:. *r; iind»!*tati»5s Ikts^t; boo<1 driver'
ata iUl> Bos 1015. Call office. Oakland. '
VAN and wlT« with 1 c'.ild would l;ke pcs1-
• r. ::> reoatry: n-i.'c r ,^d «-ook. man goo-i
fR'Tn hand. *rt be*r 17 Fourth el . £md
I " T?;i'-1AN deMrf* pr^ltion with some"^n"»
• • do ele:tri-al ronsuuetien work or work
a s r-tie T italics; excellent experience.
4 'X CW. Celt i
ETWCINEEB* >>r1 <!e<-trirlan des-'ie^Trn^TloTl
-, r- . exrertFfx c experjence. M. E 901
•Well f.< ; fbr-n" .•-•¦-'- 4»J
GARDEKCn position; is alsu~fiPJt-rias»
"^rremsn. v*?;r? of exoerienre; best city {
and .v>untr;. reforer.ceg. Bji 931. Call effice'.
YOUKO man «nnts posltlcMi as r-lerkl will
b"c«n at employer's terms. Addrew box MO
<~all.
FCaVCTOB wants roe'ticn with an engineer
cr firm to further his experience. ' Box 583.
CM1.
PO?ITJ*^N as draughtsman wanted by col-
ie*e man with excellent preparation. Box
• r .VS, Ca'.l.
?TR!CTLY »<-iber man. understands care of
h^ree*. rr.i'.k. gord driver and general handy
A.Idn-ss box 676. Call <*fic«.
WANTED— A prsitlon on cattle, fruit or
chicken rencb or other work. J. KARR.
»12 McAllister »t.
A PAINTER, paper hanger and tinter will do
work at special prices to iret ctarte<i. M. H.
Morris. 1S14 Geary et.; phone Pclk 2153.
PAINTER an-l rBperhanger wants work by
the day; price* reasonable. CBA8. SHIREY.
4Sf> t^ixth itt.
BfV-iK-KEr:rEI{ nants nni!l *et of books dur-
ing leisure time. Bo* 561. Call office.
BARTENDER wants position, city or country;
can ,furr;i«h reference. Address box 527. Cali.
FEv'RETART'S position wanted. Address 1703
O^Uirh Ft.
.|AT"ANESK bay wants a si'ustion to work
twA " hours at night; hae reference. I. T.,
!»"» R32-. <^11 office.
tl_; TXCIAJm aCASSAOB.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
¦r?»»rt; new method; &0c. M. LUTON. manl-
. curing parlors. 7fi4 Larkin ft.: phone Polk 17.
FEATHER RENOVATING.
*<Y Ttew. healthful process. Cal. Eteaov Frathrr
Co.. 323 Van Ness ave. : tel. Howard 31C7.
FISAXCIAX.
4U PER CENT
Is raid en ordinary raving* accounts and 8
f»| cent on term acccunts by the Phoenix
ftlvtaca B. and L. Association. 516 Oali-
' 'i-nia et. A. A. \\'atk!ns. president: Charles
',: Bishop, vice presidrnt; S. Premiss Smith.
tnnanr: <"!aren<-e Orange, secretary and mm-
Fcir; director; Gavin McNah. attorney: George
Hoard man and <"haries E. Ladd. directors;
¦\;.it.-r K. cashier.
subscribed capital. $s.0C0.f>fO: paid In capi-
•ai. |lv000.«00; rrwrre fund, $200,000.
' "MPAMF? incorpornted, flnanced and stock
float. A. W. H. BITTN^TR. Lawyer and F1-
ranrial As^rt. H22 Errma S^reckels bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HCU'FES and flats to let; an Immense list;
»e»-.l-e absolutely free; take advantage of
thl» departmTt; it will eave you time and
ttcubie. Conies Furniture Co., 243-253, Geary
tt.. ou the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our rcntlr.c department; let us g1v«
} u a iir-t and htlp you flr.d one <n the loca-
tor, ycu want STERLING FUUNITUKE
COUPAKT. 10J3 Market st.; services ab>o-
jut»ly ire*.
UA.-HIXGT<'.\. :>7r arj L'^ys, corner Devts-
aiero — Elegnnt. modern, artistic, sunny flats:
k rooms and bath ea<-h: complete in every
• iftS.il; rents reasonable. SHAINWALU.
BVCKBBZ & CO.. 21S-220 Montgomery st.
•n^srjTH a\f., 1223 (Sunset) — Three low^r
'."1'1'KR *!at. 141 Central a\e. ; uji-to-date. m<vi-
«rn fiat of T rooms and bath: all Funny; $40.
li'U^JM. CT.5. <-.r. Hawthorne — Modern flat; 7»
rOdSjaa and bath.
• I-fLORES, 23^ nr 16t»!— Elegant new modern
Tat. «• punr.y roomf; bath; 6 bay windows.
N»7. cor. McAllister and FiMmore sts.. 7 sunny
rooOM, with five bay windows; rent $55.
VLAT*> KUH SALB H11M>HK1).
•?¦RtXiM flat, furnished, for sale; part of rooms
rented; downtown; rent $20 per month. Box
T2M, CaJl efflce.
*;i,L!>J. 431 A— Nicely furnirhed 5-room flat at
« terrain; to-day only.
K-SOOM flat. *7.V>. or carr>eU only, $25, if sold
by ilrst. J15 Leaver worth st.
FCTMI ITtltL FOK SALE. "
V< ill . fale— Furniture of a completely fur-
¦ niched cottage for housekeeping, 4 focms, 2
, bedrooms, parlor and kitchen: everything
no.w only 4 months sigo; price $175. or will
•• rent for $27 50 per month. . Addreee box
*yn. C*U office
J-'OR eale — Furniture of a ©-room fiat; carpets,
'jedroom suites, narlor set, dining-room and
kitchen furniture; all new, only been us»»d
•; montlis. Adores* box 631, Call.
fOl'R rooms to let; furniture for sale. 432 '4
Tenth at.
HHMTlIti; WANTED. '
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse L. H
BURP, auctioneer. ISIS Mkt.: tel. Howard 27M
HELP HAMCD-FKJIALE.
'OOK, 4 in family, little wash $;to
S cooks, German cooking $.'JO-$.'I3
r !o»k, delicat«»»6en $:[i)
Maid and seamstress? (^
English nurse, country ,. $30
I'arlor maid and waitress j;{0
4 r.urtejrirlp. city and San Rafael. .$15-$20-J25
R »«ecoiid girls $20-S25
<"«ok on ranch, pee party at office to-day. .$^5
r>teh» aeher. tome cleaning, hospital $20
5 waitresses, city hotels $20-$25
Colu-ed girl. 2 in family, housework. . .'.$30
4') general housework girl?, city and country
$20-$25-$aO
Apply to J. F. CROSE1T & CO., 3.J4 Sutter.
WOMAN to cook on ranch. $3O a month. CAL.
EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third «.. nr. Call bldg.
A— WANTED— Girls to learii halrdressicg.
meTi'.cunrg. etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 nelBj $j to those entering now; 3 po-
tulcrifc to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at ?10 per week up; leading school In
Cea*. 233 Geary Ft., room 13.
> — fZlrlm to Jearo mljiinery now for spring sea-
both aeanor.s taught freni rtart to finish
;n 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
;-r.:e«!a<:ieb. etc.. r»arar.teed at $10 per wk. up;
d.iy an.l evtr.ine class. 143 StocJttoa St.. r. 13.
a -LADIES to Ie2rn all branches bairdressing
t:«Je tm-nieurinK. massage, etc. 12THI Mar-
t<t «. cor. Joner. :oom Ut: positions secured
st hiKhert w«r»t: d«y and eve, class; call.
!-KUINO MACHINn OPHRATOnS AND RIV-
rrrEna: no kxvkriksck kcckwaryj
PAID BALABT. LEV1 KTRAUSS & COS
PACTORIS& ar% rnEMONT .«t. and is:*
msEiox. NKAii* lrT ± l^J l _}:
'•"OMAN of guou referen'-es and ability willing
¦ to train for - high-class jx;sitlon. Box. D2»,
< «11 -.ffice.
¦ -J'1NEI» ynmc Kill m assist with baby; ex-
'*liH!l hem*-.; *'.££os $U. llux 5'« r ». Call. v_
IIItL '.'• asriitt B'-neral JiouK»work; .1 In family.
'.'•'.; 'ron: S io 2 p. rr.., 1711 Uurhanan Kt.
' •\NTi-:i>— itoMable nirl; eeDt-ral housework.
>U': N&KtMStb st. *
.'"1 .' :::k tirhi f.niFhers on ve«t!«; olso
"ttonhote rotktr*, C.I^b Ktevensonet.
;!:!- for lairfiralory v.ork. 2-"!04 Van N'«u ave.
• iXTED — Two union v.aitresaes. 10i> liayes
ttrett.
¦"I. rcr cer,cral hau«=ev.oik: .1 adult*: no
'_¦¦!¦•¦ r.%: r.aces $2t». hit; Fast Nineteenth rt.,
Can taklaud.
'. ¦' cirl for general bouccwork. 2700 Sac-
m.
t; -3 to trip; car fare. 1:5 I>u!ah fit.
PER1E2CCEP f tseken *aaA r«nentot«: VSie
ir" <* «wr. UOjaot on ladiW waietf. CS lft.
'i!' J." r fneral housework anti cooking
*«» Central 8»t.; car-are paid.Steamer. For. . | Sails.
Cottage City.. Skairway & Way Ports. I Jan. 2J>
DlrlBO.. Skagway & Way Ports. jjan. 30
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & .Way Pts.|Kel>. 1
J. Dollar. ..... Valdez & Way Ports.. Feb r»
Al-Kl. Skauway & Way Ports. IFeb .%
Valencia...,. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. R
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb 10
Santa Ana.... Ccoks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb! 10
Passes Fictitious Checks.
Two warrants were secured yester
day from Police Judge Cabaniss for
the arrest of S. P. Bowen, an insur
ance agent, on charges of passing
fictitious checks. Alexander Karons,
grocer, 174 Jessie street, and Joe Po
heim, the tailor, are the complaining
witnesses. Each alleges that .Bowen
passed a cjieck on him on Tuesday for
$10 drawn on the First National Bank,
payable to- himself and purporting to
be signed, "John G. Grayr manager."
Both checks wore presented for pay
ment nt the bank and marked worth
less. Bowen was arrested by Detec
tive Whitaker and Policeman Tiliman
and booked at the City Prison.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
FROM SEATTLE,
Branch Hydrorraphlc Office. V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
January 27. 1004.
The Time Ball 011 the tower of the. Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BUP.NETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. X., in charge.
Time Ball.
The latest lumber -«harters reported «re:
British ship Dunregfran. from Pujret Sound to
Sydney, ;:0s: British bark Holy wood, from
Puget Sound to M«lbourne, 31s Od: German
bark Admiral Tetetthoff, from Chemainua to
Antofugasta (owner's account).
Chartered for Lumber.
Hickey Calls Greene's Bluff.
Attorney Thomas Hickey of the firm
of Cullinan & Hickey, attorneys for the
new Public Administrator, M. J. Hynes,
created quite a sensation in the court
rooms of Judges Sloss andTroutt by say
ing that Carleton \V. Greene, attorney
for former Public Administrator John
Farnham, had made a misstatement
when he said' in court, that he had filed
counter petitions to those of Hynes in
several estates. Greene admitted that
at the time he made the statement he
thought the petitions had been filed,
saying that he had sent them out to
the County Clerk's office by messenger.
Greene attempted to apologize to
Hickey, but the latter refused to pay
any attention to the attempt to smooth
matters except to say that the apology
was due to the court, j
Sleamer. Destination. ISallB.I Pier.
January 28. I I .
C. Nelson.. Astoria & Portland) 5 pmiPicr 20
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor '.. ..| 4 pm| Pier 2
S. Earbara. . Seattle & Olympla.l 4 pmU'ier 2
Centralia. .. j Grays Harbor . . . 4 4 pm|Pier 10
Cons Cay... San Pedro Sz Way.j '.» amIPier tl
Centennial.. 'Seattle & Tacoma. I B prr.|Pier 21)
Or-»Kon I Astoria & PoitlanJIll am|I*ier "4
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlP|cr 2
State Cal...i San Diego & Way.) 9 am Pier 11
I January 29. |
Czarina....^Coos Bay direct..! Pier S
San Pedro.. .Humboldt |10 am|Pier 2
Atholl IIIongkK v. Seattle; Pier 20
Eureka Uumboldt ! 9 amjp.er 13
Arctic Humboldt j 0 amiPltr U
Pomona Humboldt |l::JOpjPler 0
January 30. | |
Arcata C003 B. & J't. Orfr<i|12 m|Plcr 1.1
Pt. Arena... Pt. Arena & Mdcnol 4 pm Pier 2
Alamoda. . . . Honolulu jll am Pier 7
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. (12 miPier 4i>
January 31. I
S. Rosa San Diego & Way.! I) amlPier It
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports.|ll amIPier 9
February 1. - I |
Corona Ilumboldt |l:30p|PIcr f»
Bonlta Newport & Way. .[ 0 amlPIerll
February 2. | j
G. W. Elder Astoria &- Portlandlll am|Pier 24
Korea China & Japan ... 1 psnjPler -JO
Rainier. Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm|Pier 10
February 3. I
Elisabeth... 'CoqulUe River..... r. pmiPler 20
Chlco Coqullle River ....j 5 pm Pier V0
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B.| IPIcr 1«
North Fork. HumboMt S pmlPier rO
Rival Willapa Harbor ..! 4 pmlPIer 10
¦=.. Februarys. |
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 1 11 am Pier 9
February 6.
Newport N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor...... 4 r-m'PIer 10
February 7. [
Curacao.... Mexican Ports J10 am|Pier 11
e=>TO SAIL
HONOLULU — Arrived Jan 27— Schr Mary E
Foster, from Port Blakdey.
Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Ventura, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Ccnemaujh, for Mawarn Break
water: stmr Arryll. for San Franctuco.
Arrived Jan 27— Stmr \ Sonoma, hence Jan
21. for Sydney.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW - ORLEANS — Sailed Jan 23 — Stmr
Breakwater, for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 2«— Stmr Segu
rmca. Tor Col^n.
POIXT EAPS— Sailed Jan 26 — Stmr Break
water, for San Francisco.
CAPE HENRY— l*a«wd Jan 25— Ital baric
Marg'nerita. from Baltimore, for Juntn.
DELAWARE FREAK WATER— Arrived Jan
2* Br bark Juteopolls. from Ik>i!o, via H mo
1UlU ' KOUEIGX PORTS. ,
LONDON— Arrived Jan 27— Br uhla GlenluU
hence Oct 6; »Br ship Marion Llghtbody, henc*
Sept 2S.
GIBRALTAR— Pas?ed Jan 27— Br ttmr la
dranl. from Manila, for New York.
MELBOURNE— Sailed Jan 2C— Bktn Alta,
for South Africa.
L.E1TH— Arrived Jan 2&— Br shiD Marl
borougrh Kill, hence SeDt 3. „
WALLAROO — Arrived orior »:o Jan 22 — Ger
bark Flottbek. from Santa Rosalia.
SWANSEA— Sailed Dec 30— Fr stmr Amlral
Jauriguebt-rry. for Santa Rosalia, via Dunkirk.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Jan 21— Fr ship Vau
fcan. for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW TORK— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Cedrie.
tor Llveri/OOl.
PLYMOUTH-- Arrived J an 27— Stmr Patri
cia, from >>«w York, for Cherbourg and Ham
burg.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Kai
ser WUhMm der Grossc. for N'«w Tork
6 U GL f- S m°Nyw A Y r o r rKr d 27 ~ Stmr Fu ™-
QUEKNSTOWN— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Ntw for Liverpool i -
LIVERPOOL— S*lle.i J an 27— Stmr Bu-nos
AyTean. for Phlladelohla. eu.nos
ANTWERP— Sailed Jan 27— Stmr Father
land, for Philadelphia. *»tner-
NATLCa— Arrtvvd Jan 27-Etmr Calab-U.
from New York, for Marseille*. G,ao« and
OAKLAND. Jan. 2?.-Miss N.ttie
King of San Francisco fell this even
ins and suffered severe sprains to both
ankles -..hlle going downstairs at the
residence of her sister, Mrs. Percy Clay
Black. 905 Filbert street. Miss Kins:
was to have been the guest of honor at
a muslcale Saturday at the Black
home. Mrs. B!ack has been compelled
to r..all the invltatio . Dr. D. D.
Crowley. "ho attended the patient,
ordered absolute quiet for several days.
Accident Bars Reception.
Mary A. Davies (owner) with P. le Roberts '
(contractor), architect All work except '
l.lumbisiB. plastering and concrete for a three- '
story frame building (fiats) on W line of Noo
street. 7C S of Fourteenth, W 0C by S .'J9; j
S77.1-T.
John M. Vance (owner) with lulick & Woth
erhee {contractors), architect Nathaniel T-ilais- I
dell— Steam heating jilant for an clght-story
and basement brick building on K line of
Taylor street. 72:0 N of OTarrell, N 65 by E
92:6; S2.TC0.
Mrs. Suzanne Ormay (owner) with S. M.
Yorl: (contractor), architect All work for
a ono an<l a half story frame residence on E
line of Tenth avenue. .'{10 S of California street,
K 25 by K 120. outside lot 175: $2S0O.
C A. Uuckley (owner) with Dundon Bridge
and Construction Company (contractors), archi- j
t?ct T. J. Welsh — Taking down old building?,
clearing '<"»t. «xcavatlng. pumping, piling tor
a Bix-Ftory brick building (stores, offices and
restaurant! on S lino of ilarket street, 45:10
E of Spear. S 1.17:0 by W l. r .:10; S7S?3.
architect t»me— Pum ping, concrete, cement,
Ftone. brick, sidewalk (except nldewalk door
and lights, ventilators, coal chute, stand pipos,
etc.). iron and steel fcr same on same; $43,7<)9.
Same owner with G. IL and S. Walker (con
tractors), architect same — Carpentry. Joinery
hardware and glazing for came on same; ?2G,
300.
Fame, owner with P. II. Jackson & Co. (con
tractors*, architect earn* — Sidewalk light, »:d<?
; walk rioor«, coal chute, sidewalk ventilators
! an<1 lintels for pame on Fame; $3W>0.
Bust owner with Glob? Sheet Metal 'Works
I (contractor?), architect same — Galvanized iron
• work, skylights, tinning, wire guards, ash
! Unite and barrel conductors, shutters flash
' inK*. ventilation for same on eame: $. r >oQ0.
Same cwner with The M. I^evy Company (in
corpc.ated) (fonlractors). architect same —
plumbing and gas fitting for came on
j tsanic; $875S.
Ham* owner with same contractors, architect
fame— Electric work and telephone wiring for
same on came; *1. '!.':< i.
Same owner with Bryan Elevator Company
(contractors i, architect *ame — Passenger
freight «nd sidewalk elevators for Fame on
eame; $5880.
Same owntr with George McCahon (con
tractor), architect same— Sandpapering, paint
ing, vcrn!*hi«iz and graining . for tame on
eame; $2475.
Fame owner with Smyth Brothers (contrac
tors), architect same — Wire lathing. interior
plastering, exterior plastering for same on
camp; $1J.H5O.
I Same owner with California Art Metal and
Wire Company (contractors), architect same
Ornamental i:.ctal work for t-ame on name
$14(i0.
Same owner with American Heating Com
pany (contractor*?), architect same— Heating
boiler?, radiators, piping, bronzing, covering of
pipeti for same on same; $3400.
Kame owner with ilathew Kelleher (con
tractor), architect rame — Hnliiine iij> of prop
erty on E side, taking down party wall. etc..
for n thr«?-*tory brick building on K line of
Market street, 15:10 E of Spear, a 137:6 by K
Iwl lit g % 4»Jb
Building Contracts.
The steamer rjueen. which sailed on Tues
day for Victoria, carried an assorted merchan
dise carjeo consigned to the port of destina
tion and the principal Hritish Columbian port?,
valued at $15,R8O. and Including; the following:
497 pkps fresh fruits. 90 pkgs fresh vegetables.
160O lba dried fruit. 3(1.730 lbs malt. 3244 lbs
chocolate, "2 cs canned groods. 205 lbs hams,
18 cs cb£p>. 421 Ibn cheese, 400 ibs dried
Hhrimpp. :n« lbs coffee. OOO lbs mealp. 5 pkK«
Kroceries and provisions. 339 gals wine, 185
flasks quicksilver, 350 tins matches, 31 pk^n
sewing-' machines, 18 okgs arms and ammuni
tion. 120 pfcgrs palnl. o pkgs electrical sup
pllen, 12 i>kB8 saddlery, 2* boiler tubes, 3
pkgs dry eocds, 2 cs boots and shoes. 9 cs
drugs. 605 lba lead pipe, 24 sks plaster. 20
rolls felt. 17 pes steel. In addition to the fore.
Going the steamer carried 3063 lbs hops, valued
at $1200, en route to Brisbane, Australia.
Kxports for the North.
The British bark General Gordon was cleared
yesterday for Melbourne. Australia, with
1.285,511 ft lumber, valued at $45,104.
Tiumber for Australia.
In addition to the carffo previously reported,
fh* bark Albert, which nailed on Sunday for
Honolulu, carried 716 bales hay, valued at
$i2S3.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN'.
Jutcopolis Arrives.
Th» British ship Juteopolls. from Hollo,
¦which some time aico put into Honolulu short
of provisions, arrived yesterday at Delaware
Breakwater.
The twenty-third annual State con
vention of the Young Men's Christian
Associations of California will convene
this year at Fresno. February 4-7.
The programme is one of unusual
strength. Among the speakers will be
L Wilbur Messer, general secretary of
the Young Men's Christian Association
of Chicago: G. N. Bierce. a prominent
business man of Dayton. Ohio; C. L.
Gates of Atlanta. Ga.. secretary of the
international committee of Youns Men's
Christian Associations: George B.
Hodge of New York, education director
international committee, and other
prominent business men of this State.
Annual State Convention.
The trial of the contest of the will
of Luca Descalso was commenced be
fore a jury in the Probate Court yes
terday. The will disnosed of an es
tate worth $30,000, consisting of a
ranch in Sonoma County and realty in
this city. The contestant is a daugh
ter of the deceased, Mrs. Mary T. Bol
ger, who claims that her father was
under the Influence of her two broth
ers, M. and James R. Descalso.
When Descalso made the will his
wife, Mary, was alive, and he made
her the sole devisee, providing, how
ever, that in the event of her death it
was to go to their three children,
Mrs. Bolger receiving the smallest
share because her husband was ob
jectionable to • Descalso. She now
claims that her father would have
changed his will after his wife's
death but for the x influence of her
brothers.
Mnry Bolder, Daughter of Deceased,
Claims That Testator Was Unduly
Influenced by His Sons.
TRIAL OF DELCALSO WILTj
CONTEST IS COMMENCED
The vessels on the overdue list are quoted
fcr reinsurance as follows: Martaban, S5 per
cent; Robert nickmers and St. Nlrren. 15 per
cent, and AlderRrove. 25 per cent.
The Overdue List.
Steamer. | From. I Dae.
" ' • 1 — — ™"
S Barbara San Pedro |Jan. 28
Arcata foos Bay & Pt. Orford.jJan. 2S
Santa Rosa.'.. San, Diego & Way Pt*. Jan. 2S
Cer.tralla 'San Pedro Jan. -S
Point Arena. . I Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Uan. 2S
S. Monica.... San Pedro jJan. 2S
Gaelic China & Japan {Jan. 29
Curacao Mexican. Ports Jan. i'9
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 29
Rival Willapa Harbor Jan. 30
G W. Eldsr. . Portland & Astoria Jan. 30
Enterprise Hllo Jan. •'">
Leelanaw. . .¦;. Tacoma i... Jan. ..0
Corona Humboldt I Jan. 30
Ni-rth Fork... Humboldt |Jan. 3t
Mackinaw.... Tacoma !Jan. 31
Wellington... i Oyster Harbor |Jan. 31
Redondo San Pedro !Jan. 31
Elizabeth Coqullle River F*b. I
Uh| co Coqullle River ,Feb. i
Eureka Humboldt IFeb. 1
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.jFeb. 1
Umatilla Pugret Sound Ports . . . Feb. 1
Ventura 'Sydney & Way, Ports. Feb. I
G. Llndauer.. j Grays Harbor Feb. 1
Pomona......! Humboldt |Feb. 2
Mempnls jHamburs & Way Pts. Feb. 2
Porao Point Arena & Albion. |Fcb. 2
Coos Bav Ran Pedro & Way Pts.JFrb. 2
Marlposa Tahiti IFeb. :t
City Para New York via Panama. IFeb. 4
Oregon Portland &. Astoria I Feb. 4
Newburg Grays Harbor IFe b. 4
Queen Puget Sound Ports. .. .IFeb. ??
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma |Fel>. 7
Texan New York via Cnronel.|Feb. 7
The German training ship Heno^in Cecille
was rayly decorated yesterday in honor of
Kaiser William's birthday. The officers of the
vessel kept open housfl throuchout the day and
hundreds of visitors were entertained on board.
Many Visit German Shin.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 10 hours from Bowens
I-.ar.dIng.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, S3 hours from
Hueneme.
Stmr Brooklyn, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
nragrs:: bound to RedcnUo; put In to land pas
sengers.
Stmr City of Pu«>bla. Jepsen, 52 hours from
Victoria »>nil Pus-et Sound rorts.
*¦""¦ ¦ Santa Monica. Ulsen. 3* hours from
Ventura. i •¦», 3*4 -mt
...... ..omfr, Donaldson. 40 hours from San
P. tiro.
Stmr South Coant, Ois«n, 16 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Eureka, Jeswn. tM hours from Eureka.
Stmr Laknic, Gunderson, M hours from San
Pedro.
Strar Rainier, Hansen, 78 hours from Bel
llnsham.
Slmr Arctir. Xelson. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Snn Mateo. Rcs3, 00 hours from Ta- '
coma; Oakland direct.
Stmr Asuncion, Brldgett. 27 hours from Yen- ;
tura.
Br stmr Wyefleld. Watson, 83 hours from :
Na.nairr'o.
Schr John A CamDbell. Smith. S days from :
Port Gamble.
Pchr Defiance, Salctzke, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Fred E Sander. Svenson, 7 days from
Grays Harbor. ' i
CLEARED.
Wednesday. January 27.
ftmr Coo* Bar. Nicolson, San Pedro: Pa
cific Coast Steamship Co. i
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San Di»«;o: ;
Pacific Coast Steami«hiD Co.
Stmr Oresop. Uoran. Astoria: Oregon Rail- !
road and Nav C«>.
Br fhtp General Roberts, Gibbcn, Malbourne:
J J Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. January 26.
Stmr Brunswick. KUefsen. Fort Brace
Wednesday. January 27.
Stmr Brooklyn. Johnson. Kedondo.
Stmr laqua. Jor«erson, Eureka.
Stmr Coionaio, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Pa.«adena. TJIxon. Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Johnson. Greenwood.
Stmr Xavarro, Weber. Binders Landlnjr.
Stmr Sequoia. Andiessen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr N'oyo. Johnson. .
Fr bark MacMtbon, I.erofr. Quermtown.
Schr Vlrainla. Mattison. Portland.
Schr Jennie Stella. Hansen, Eureka.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Lizzie Prien. Anderson, Coqullle River.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Atameda— On Jan 26. at 4:15 p m.
lat 36 32 X. Ion 12C 45 W, met Jm> ttmr
America Maru, hence Jan 25. for Yokohama.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT J.CBOS, Jan 27, 10 p m—Weather
clear; wind cairn.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 1*7— Schr Salva
tor. from Astoria; *tmr Bonita, hence Jan 2J.
with brohen shaft, in tow.
Sailed Jan 20 — Stmr Santa Barbara, for San
Francisco. Jan -7 — Stmr Centralla. for San
Franclsio; schr It W Rartlett. for Redondo;
bktn John C Meyer, for Port Townsend.
GRAYS HARBOR -Sailed Jan 25— Schr Fan
nie Adrlc. for San Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Jan 27— Schr C T
Hill. h»nc* Jan 10.
EUREKA — Arrived Jp.n 27— Stmr Corona,
hence Jan 21">: stir.r Phoenix, hence Jan 26:
sttnr North Fork, hence Jan 25.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 27— Br stmr Wel
lington, from Oyster Harbor, for San Fran
cisco; »chr lUbtrt Lcwer*, from Port Blake
ley, for S»n Francisco: bark S O Allen, from
Port I*lak*-ley. for San Francisco: schr Win
Xottlngham. from Tacoina. for San Pedro.
Passed out .lac 27 — Stmr Mackinaw, from
Tacoma. for San Francisco.
Passed In Jan 27 — Nor t:mv Hero, from Port
Los Anzeles, for Ladysmlth.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francl.«co.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 27— Schr Rob
ert I-ewerr. for San Francisco.
Sailed Jan 27 — Schr John G XortK for San
Francisco.
POXlT I.UDLOW— Sailed Jan 27— Br ship
Clan Graham, for Australia.
ASTORIA — Sailed Jan S7 — Stmr Despatch,
for San Francisco.
Sailed Jan 27— Schr Vikinr. ror San Fran
cisco.
CRESCENT CJTY — Arrived Jan 27 — Stmr
Conullle Tllv«r, hence Jan 26. '
¦ COOS BAY — Sailed Jan 27 — Stmr Arcata. for
San Francisco: stmr Aberdeen, for Portland.
BANDCN — Arrived Jan 27 — Stmr Chico.
hence Jan 23.
FOKT BRAGG — Arrived Jan 27— Stmr
Brunswick, hence Jan 2t>.
PORT TOWNSKND— Passed in Jan 27— Nor
bark Sorata, from Callao.
REDONDO— Sailed Jan 27— Schr Chas E
Falk. for Gra)0 Harbor.
Arrived Jan 27 — Schr K W Bartlett. from
San Pedro..
Sailed Jan 27— Stmr FrancU II LesrKett, for
San Francisco: schr Azalea, for Eureka.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA — Arrived Jan 28 — Schr Enow tr.
JJursess, . from Port Bla keley.
TO ARRIVE
3Iovements of Steamers.
day. except when there are but three tlden. as
sometimes occurs. Th* heights Riven are In
addition to the soundlPBs of the United Statc3
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus f — )
stjen precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth Riven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The German bark Columbia, which last
April was tov.-ed into Victoria dismasted and
was afterward sold, has be^n riven British
register. Her new owners will rig her as a
six-masted barkentinc and will rename her
Lord Wolseley.
To Re a Six-Masted Barkcjitine.
NORTH GERMAN* LLOYD TRAINING SHIP HERZOGIN CKCIL.IE
WHICH WAS DECORATED YESTERDAY IN HONOR OF.EMPEROR
WILLIAM'S BIRTHDAY.
The steamer Bonlta, which left here Sunday
for San Pedro, arrived there yesterday in tow
of the Santa Rosa, having broken her shaft.
A boat was sont from the Bonlta to take word
of the vessel's plight to Tledondo, where the
Santa Rosa was to call. Th« Santa Rosa
found her crippled sister about twelve miles
off Redondo and towed her to her destination.
Bonitn Breaks Shaft.
The probate proceedings attendant
upon the estate of the late Thomas J.
Clunie were further complicated yes
terday by the filing of a petition for
partial distribution of the estate by E.
A. Bridgford and Burrell G. White.
two of the executors of Clunie's will.
They ask that the court distribute to
them the property deeded to them in
trust for Jack Clunie. the adopted son
of the deceased (the Clunie building);
the $20,000 devised to them In trust
by the deceased for his two brothers.
James and George Clunie, and the
property on the corner of Golden Gate
avenue and L,eavenworth street left
to them in trust for Thomas J. Clu
nie. son of Andrew J. Clunie. They
say that the condition of the estate
is such that a partial distribution such
as they pray for will not affect or re
duce it to such proportions that it
will not be in condition to pay any
claims that may be presented against
it. The petition will be heard Tues
day. February- 9.
The petition shows that the rela
tions existing between Bridgford and
White and Andrew J. Clunie. the
other executor, are not very cordial,
for it contains the announcement that
Clunie has refused to join with them
in the request for distribution. It
appears to be a of retaliation, for
White and Bridgford opposed Clunie's
petition for distribution to him of the
Sacramento realty devised to him ia
his brother's will.
With Bridgford and White In
Petition for Distribution.
Brother of Deceased Refuses to Join
EXECUTORS OF CLUNIE DO
NOT WORK IX HARMONY
Henry Ketola, a eallor, who lives at 6 How
ard street, was held up early yesterday morn
ing on Steuart street, between Howard and
Folsom. He refused to hold un his hands or
Five up his money. He smashed at one of
his assailants, but another Jumped on Ketola's
hack and rtabbed h'.m several times. At tli<»
Harbor Hospital it was found that the thug's
knife had severed the muscle* of the sailor's
left shoulder. Policeman MeGowan later ar
rested Philip Collins, who was Identified by
Ketola as the man that had stabbed him.
Collins Is charged with assault to commit mur
der.
Sailor Stabbed by Hold-TJp Man.
About seventy jackles from the Bremerton
navy-yard were passengers on the steamship
City of Puebla, which arrived yesterday from
Pujret Sound. The sallormen were bound for
Mare Island, and Captain Jepsen of the Puebla
hopes there wlft be enough work at the navy
yard to tone down the high spirits of. tho
men in blue. Seventy jackles released from
service discipline and beyond the reach of
authority for fifty odd hours know a good
many ways .of putting in their liberty. In
the draft of men brought down by the. Puebla
were some of tho most ingenious souls In the
enlisted branch of the naval service. Im
mune from seasickness, they devoted the lonn
hours to leading their fellows Into mischief,
and Caotain Jensen and his officers had a
merry time. They played tricks on the pas
sengers; they bewitched the electric lights;
their horseplay and noisy laughter stampeded
couples on the spoon deck and their critical ob
servations dampened the ardor of the obliging
amateurs who volunteered contributions to so
cial hall concerts. The last and greatest of
fense was the baiting: of a Japanese whom
they compelled to take the part of a hare,
while they played hounds. Captain Jepsen
Interrupted the hunt after the Japanese had
Riven some thrilling exhibitions of agility.
He ordered the sailors forward and promised
each a pair of handcuffs and leg irons if bet
ter order was not maintained. Being well
trained as well as high spirited the men In
blue bowed before the captain's authority and
restricted their gambols for the rest of the
trip.
.Tackics Enliven Puebla's Trip.
The Commissioners were not able to
decide as to the lowest bidder on an
acceptable process of preservation, and
discussion arose as to .. whether the
award could be deferred until the next
regular meeting. Former Governor
Budd, the legal adviser of Mr. Dundon,
suggested that the board could take a
recess and consider all the proposals.
He did not contend Uhat the award
should be made on the day that the
bids were opened, Mr. Dundon de
scribed to the board successful experi
ments in preserving timber by a pro
cess of injecting oil and asphalt into
the woofl.
There is a common impression on the
water front that the teredo welcomes
a change of diet and feeds with great
avidity on the new ingredients offered
for the preservation of submerged piles.
Dundon, however, insists that a piece
of wood properly treated with oil and
asphalt will resist the attack of the
most ferocious sea worm.
Consideration of the bids was post
poned until next Wednesday.
Proposals as follows for repairing
ferry slips were opened: S. D. Leclair,
$22,081 25; Healy, Tibbetts & Co., $20.
961 30; Darby Laydon, $22,864 35; City
Street Improvement Company, $21,
535 65; Hyde Construction Company,
$22,165 50; Dundon Bros. Construction
Company, $21,908 97; James A. McMa
hon, $22,023 15; Thompson Bridge Com
pany. $21,366 75; Cotton Bros.. $22,293 80.
The board awarded the contract to
Healy, Tibbetts & Co.. the lowest bid
ders.
Bids for preserving piles were also
opened. The figures ranged, from 19
cents to 40 cents per lineal foot, ac
cording to the thickness of the timber
at the butt. The bidders were H. R.
Root & Co., the San Francisco Timber
Preserving Company and the Paraffine
Paint Company.. The two last named
bidders based proposals on new pro
cesses of preserving the timber.
COUIjD XOT DECIDE.
W. C. Van Fleet, counsel for Foster
& Orear, attended the session of the
State Board of Harbor Commissioners
yesterday and requested that his cli
ents, who are holding the news stand
privileges at the ferry depot, should
be given thirty days' time to vacate
the premises should the board decide
against their offer of $1500 a month for
the concession. Commissioners Spear
and Klrkpatrlck said the board had
no intention of dealing harshly with
Mr. Van Fleet's clients, but the com
mission had doubts about the propriety
of making a stipulation that might
bring about complications. President
Spear remarked that "the commission
would charge a rental at the rate of
$1200 a month for any extension of time
beyond the period of the existing con
cession. Mr. Van Fleet said that Fos
ter & Orear would pay at the rate of
$1500 a month, and would not attempt
to create complications. Colonel Kirk
patrick remarked that the commission
did not want to get confused.
The board took a recess until next
"Wednesday. Mr. Van Fleet was as
sured that his clients would not be hus
tled out.
PROPOSALS RECEIVED.
Sailors in general and sea cooks in
particular will be interested in a decis
ion handed down yesterday by United
States District Judge de Haven in the
cases of William Herbold vs. Union Fish
Company and Herbold vs. M-Collam
Fishing and Trading Company to re
cover balances alleged to be due as
wages. The court said:
"I am satisfied from the evidence
that libelant did not properly discharge
the duties of cook, for which he shipped.
and the master of the Volant would
have been Justified in assigning him to
a different service, but waa not justi
fied in discharging him from the ves
sel against his consent and leaving him
in a distant port. Capillo vs. Bristol
Packing Company. 112 Fed. 43S. The
receipt signed by the libelant does not
purport on its face and was not intend
ed to operate as a release of the Volant
for the master's breach of contract. It
is a receipt in full for wages up to
date, 'and of all demands for assault
and battery, or imprisonment of what
ever name or nature,* but nothing
more. In accordance with the rule of
damages followed in the case of Capillo
vs. Bristol Packing Company. 112 Fed.
43S, the libelant Is, in my judgment, en
titled to recover as damages for the
breach of the contract set forth In the
libel the sum of $40 and costs against
the McCollam Fishing and Trading
Company. In the case of the same
libel: nt against the Union Fishing
Company the libel will be . dismissed,
each party to pay his own costs."
Miss Castro. Mrs. Fernand«. J. V. Kuhla.
Cyril Damon. M. D. Hall. Captain W. T. Lewis
«n<1 wife. O. W. Fane and -wife, Mrs. H.
Halversen. Mrs. Patterson and child, B. O.
TtoblnBon. J. Wendall. E. Weber. L. Ritchie.
Mr. Stone, J. N'arron; C. L. Patton. wife and
child: Miss O. Toussalnt. Miss Schultze, H.
P. Wlchman, J. Scott, J. H. Foster.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda, Captain Dowdell, which
arrived from Honolulu Tuesday even
ing too late to pass quarantine, was
released early yesterday morning and
docked immediately at Pacific street
wharf. Continuous head winds held
the Alameda back and caused her to
be late, something: that has seldom hap
pened to her during all her years of
service.
She brought about 150 passengers and
a cargo of tropical products, which in
cluded 10,506 sacks of sugar, 4947
bunches of bananas and 6633 sacks of
coffee.
C. L. Patton, the well known local
lawyer, who, with Mrs. Patton, has
been visiting the islands, returned on
the Alameda. The passengers included
the following named:
Van Fleet Asks That His
Clients Be Given Time to
Vacate the Depot Premises
Incompetent Employes Should
Be Pat at Some Other Work
Instead of Being Dismissed
NEWS STAND CONCESSION
NOT LEGAL
MAROONING
Is Detained by Head Winds, Reaches Port After Set of
Sun and Has to Await Its Next Rising Before Being
Granted Pratique — Brings Cargo of Tropical Products
Proposals for the Repair of
Ferry Slips and the Preser
vation of Submerged Timber
Jndge dc Haven Eenders a
Decision of Interest to the
Shipmasters and Shipowners
COMMISSIONERS
DISCUSS BIDS
LINER ALAMEDA PASSES QUARANTINE
AND LANDS HER PASSENGERS EARLY
BAD SEA COOKS
MUST BE PAID
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, JANUARY 28. 1904.
Shipping. Intelligence.'
, ARRIVED.
Wednesday, January 27.
Stmr Pomona, Swanssn, 1U hours from Eu
reka. ¦ .
United States Coast and GeodWIc Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
ai Fort Point.entrance to San Francisco
Hay. Published by official authority of thw
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high* and low waters occur at
the city Xront (Mission-street wharf) about
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at. both places-. \..
- THURSDAY. JANUARY 2S.
' • ' ¦ ' •
Sun rises 7:18
Sun seU • 5:28
Moon sets .....3:03 a. m.
O ITlmej iTImel ITime Tlmel j
2 I 1 Ft. I } Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
? |L W| |II W| |L, ¦ W H W| .
28 I 0:55 2.6! tTTo 6.7 2:171 0.01 9-221 4.0
29 11:66 2.7 8:04 6.0 3:10— 0.6|10:13l 4.4
X.O 1 2:61 "2.7| 0:021 fl.1 :t:661 — 0.fl|U:00 '4.7
31 13:43 2.5 0:511 6.11 4:42—1.0 11:43 5.0
1 ! 4::i5 2.4 10:42 6.2 5:27—1.0.... I
III Wl - - L W 1IW L W|
2 I -0:261. 5.2 5:27 2.3 11:35| 6.1 6:C9| — 0.7*
NOTE— In the above^ exposition of the tides
the early morning; tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence rs to time; the
fourth time column gives the last, tide of the
14
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
««chus«tta, aged 47 years 8 months *ad 8
'DTrknds and acquaintances re re «pf d-
fully Invited to attend the funeral l °- fla *
(Tht:rsaay>. «t 3 o'clock, from the parlors or
• are*- & Etut lifti. 29 Van Ne« avenue, in-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CANNING— In Oakland. January -5 I*? 4 ;
Mrs. Mary Canning, beloved * ife •' th « '*!«
¦ Jsm*« Canning, and aunt of Mr *.,* la^
l>avitt and William J. Tore, a nathe or
Newerv, County Armagh. Irelana.
ETFricndu are respectfully Invited to at-
. tend the funeral to-day (Thursday), at
9J3* o'clock, from her late residence. 49J ,
Twenty-sixth «treet. thence to fct. l-r»nc.s ue
Mile* Church, where a »olenin requiem high
inats will be celebrated for^ the rfz>oee of
her *oul. commencing at 10 o clock. In-
lerment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
CAHUN-In this city. January 26, IDOi.
Catherine G. Car'.ln. beloved wife of Jo«
.ar'.ln. beloved daughter of Michael and
>:ilen Sl-anahan. and ri«ter of Patrick J..
Man-, liirdie. Virginia. Unle and the late
Man" Arn 8hana)ian, a native of Brooklyn.
¦ N V . aged 21 years 3 months and .1 days.
C7-Fri«5ds and acquaintances are respect-
ful'y Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Thursday), at *::;0 o'clock, from her late
r»»i<Jen«-e 17 Freclon Etrett. thence to fct.
Brendan'* Chun h. Brannwi street, *>* tw ?' n
Fourth and Fifth, where a requK-rn high
T.asa will be reler-ra^d for the reooFe o.
h«r s?ul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy cross j
" Comet ery-
CLAr.E— In tr.!* city. Jaxuary 27. 1004, George
E . dearly beloved and only 6on of Edward
«nd Mab'l Clare, and brother of Ida M. and
F.Atia E. Clare, a natlv* of New York, aged
4 years 1 month and 8 days.
COI..EMAN — A witfiem high mass will be
relebrated for the repcM of the soul Cf the
Ism Klirabeth Co'.eman at St. Patrick's
• hurch to-morrow 1 Friday), at 9 o clock.
Friends and acquaintances are invited to at-
tend.
COMMETRFORD- In this city. January 26.
1904 John J. Commerfcrd. beloved eon of
the late Patrick and Catherine Commerford,
and brother of Mollie A.. James A. and
j»r*rai8h L.. Commerford and the late Mich-
ael Commerford. a native cf San Francisco,
aged 24 years 6 months and 13 days.
' ET Funeral and interment private. Please
'•silt flower*.
CRARY— In Honolulu. H. T., January 7, 1904,
Mery A., beloved wife of the late Rev. B.
'' F. Crary. D. IX. former editor of the Cali-
frir-la Christian Adv<»cate. and mother of
Mrs Albert W. Steel r>f Denver. Mrs. Philip
U Weaver of Honolulu. Mr*. Herbert H.
Minn cf Golden. Colo., and Miss K&thie
' O«TT of rasadena, Cal.. a native of Phila-
oelphln. Pa-, aged C"> years and 10 months.
tTFnends and acquaintances are respect-
iully invited to attend the burial services
Friiey January 23. 1904. at 11 o'clock, at
th» Georce H. "Thoma,« Post burial plat in
•¦ National CemeUry. Preeldio. Memorial ser-
vices will he held Sunday. January SI. 1SKM.
at 3 o'clock, at California-street Methodist
" Kpis'tjpal Church, corner California and
Broderlck streets.
iCREIOHTi'N— In th!« city. January 25. 1904.
Frank CreuhtPii, beloved brother of the lato
Patrick and Thorns* Creighton of Ean Fran-
cisco end Ellen. Nicholas end James CrelRh-
«'in cf N>r York, and brother-in-law of Mrs.
- Ann CreigMca of tan Francisco, a native of
* Cooaty Mesih. Ireland, aged 57 years. (New |
• York 'papers please dry.)
CTFiiends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day 1
< Thursday), at S»:3o o'clock, from the par- |
l-.rs of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking I
« oraptny. 20 Fifth Ftreet. thence to the |
. Church of Pt. Charles IJorrcmeo for services, j
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. \
IJr.ALEY— In tt.in city, January 26. 1904,
Janus H.. beloved husband of Sophia Dea- j
!*y. a»d father of C. Albert and George L.
• J>ea!er. Mrs. A. E. Wright. Mrs. Joseph F. |
.Nounnan Jr. and Mrs. Ray Woodward, a j
native of Aucusta. Me., aged C3 years 1
month and St days.
t-7"The fur.eral will take place to-day
"Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi- |
denre. 414 Pcctt rtreet. Interment private.
l.'KAN— In thU« city. Jar.uary 26. lt»04, Dorothy J
M. Dean, beloved child of Andrew and Sarah ;
I ••pn. and niece of James Edward Dean. a. ;
native of San Frsncieco, aged 2 years 2
months and 18 day?.
ICT Funeral private.
TT MARTINI— In thts= city. January 27. 1'<K>4. :
Anni». helo\<vi daughter of Paul and Eliza- j
»>":h de Martini, a native of San Francisco, ;
r.ged 0 months and IS days.
C^Fn'nd* and acquaintances are respect- \
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day j
iThured.iyi. at 2 o'clock, from the residence
<-f the parents, 1 Dayton street, between San ;
Jcie read and Epr.ncdale street. Interment j
Itslian Cemetery.
lHVWNlNG— la this city. January 26. 1904. i
, <ather!ne. beloved wife of the late Thomas (
Downlnc. a native of New York City, aged 1
€1 year*.
ICTFrien'l? ate respectfully invited to at- 1
t"n.1 tr* funeral servU-es at St. Mary's !
«ath*dral Thursday, Januari' '-^. 1904, at 9 j
o'clock. Interment private.
EM-IS— In this city. January- 27. 1904. Charles \
J.'. beloved husband of Addie Kills, and son 1
of W. J. and Lena KUis of Ukiah. Cal.. a J
nstive r.f California, a«ed 29 years 5 months j
and C days.
C7Frifn«is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral Saturday.
«t 1:30 o'c'ock, from the Elks' Hall. 22'i
Sutt«r Ftrft. Interment private. Please i
omit flowers.
FITZGERALD— In this < ity. January 27. ISM.
at her retsid^nc*. 1 10« Harrison street. Mar)',
b»lovod wife of Dani<-1 Fiticerald. a native
• if Cmlrain, County Down, Ireland, aged 'M \
\«-ar*.
PULLER—In South S.-.n Francisco. January'
27, 1904. Phillip O. Fuller, beloved husband j
of Oathrtac Fuller, a native or Baden, Ger- ]
many. age<] 4."» jneara and 3 months.
CADDINI— fa this city. January Sg. l»04, j
John. b-lov«vl liusband of Elizabeth Gaddini. !
RTi'l father of Ernest and <llive Oaddini and I
Mrs. J. «;. Auradou, a Dative of I^ucca, Italy, ;
¦ ape-l £2 yecrs.
CTTunerr.I will be held Friilay, January
29. at 1 o'clock, fruni his late residence. 1000
Montgomery utreet. thence to the crematory, |
Odd FflloTvf-' Cemetery. Funeral private, i
Please omit flowers.
GALLOWAY — A mc-nth'f mind colemr. requiem
high na-s will be celebrated for the repose,
of the mm:] of the late Mrs. Hanora Gallo-
v.ay Friday, January t!9. at 8:30 o'clock at
ihe German Catholic Church. Bray avenue,
l'ruitvale. Friends and acquaintances are
rr.ppfctfully invited to attend.
HALLINAN- In this city. January 27. 1S»O4.
¦ st th*- rt-sid^n- e. of her parents. 1425 Seventh
nvcnuf, be: ween M and L streets south.
Srrah Aurusta. dearly beloved daughter of
latrKk sn<1 Sarah Hallinan, and N-loved f\f- 1
t»r 0! Nathaniel and Joseph Hallinan and
Mr« Henry Xonncman, a native of San
Ftancis.-o, aged 2(> years 2 months and 20
days.
HOFFMAN"-- In this city. January 26, 1904,
»t her residence. 3-1H Eddy street. Eunie» L.
Huffman, beloved sister of Mre. D. McKln-
non of i^ar.ta '"lara. Cal., a native of Nova
Scotia, azed 57 yeats.
C~5 r Frie.nfj9 are resiif-ctfully Invited to at-
tend the fun*-ral Thursday, at 11 o'clock,
fl-om the parlors of Porter & White. 423
«*o!d*n Gnte avenue. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
HOLSWOKTH— In Baden. Cal., January 24.
1JXM. Harry. b^Jov^d son of John and the.
late Mary Ho'.nworth. and brother of Ed-
ward J.. John W.. pearey B.. Lillian M..
nosebud and Lottie Holsworth and Mrs.
.James Murasky, a native of Englano. aged
21 \ear.i and i 5 days. Gone, but not for-
• ' gotten.
rrXFri"nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully InvttrtI to attend the funeral Thurs-
"»>¦. January SR, 1SKH. at 1 :UO o-clot-k, from
h.ls late r*ndenc#. UVil Seventeenth -street,
thence to the Church of the Advent. Eleventh
street, when .<prvicrs will be held at 2
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemeterv.
JOHNSON— At the Old Ladles--' Home in Al-
den. January S7. ISO*.. Mary A. Johnson.
ir.ot!:er of Mrs. W. H. Hunt of San Jose, a
native f-f Malnr. aged 03 years 7 months
' «nd 11 day*.
JOHNSON— la tH« city. January 26. 1904.
Nt-15 Johnson. b»Iov*>d husband of Mary
.lohnison. father of Edna. Gertrude. Emily
and Phceb? Jo*in*on, and brother of Tilda
Anderson. « native o f Sweden, aged 37
jeers 2 minth» end IS days.
tyFrietjdK and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
January 23. at 1 :30 o'clock, from hi» late
T«widen'.e. 23-1 Edinburgh street. Interment
Cypress Larvn Cen.etery.
KELLY— In this ofty. January 2*5. 1904. Con-
. «inc» J.. dearly b»!ov*<i daughter of Daniel
.' and Kliza M. Kellv. and Filter of Grace
Kelly, a native of ftn Francisco, aged 'i
;esr« r. months and 8 dsve.
• roily invited to attend the. funeral "o^da v
• Thursday), at 1 oVlock, from the par-nls'
prri&aee, 1742 f-'anch»z Btreet. b*twe Pn Thii-
. .tetfc and Thirty-fir^t. Interment Holy Crors
C'metcry.
IXTKE — In Ibis city. January 27. 1004 A-j-
¦cost. dearly beloved husband of Bertha
l>ocke, and father of" Arthur Locke a na-
Uve of Savonj. Germany, aged 45 years =nd
LVONS-In this fity. January 26. 1904. James
< . Lyony. beloved nephew of John Lyons a
native of the parish rf Ballyvourney. County
Crl;. Ireland, aged years 5 months and
1< <Jm>>. . \ ~^
JCTFiiends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully <nvited I tx> attend the funeral to-da-
• Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
ors of McFadden, McBrearty & Gretn 1171
Mission Kre*t. thence to St. Joseph's Church
Jcr Kervlres at 10 o'clock Interment Holy
• row Cemetery. ¦¦ . .
MeCREADIE— The first anniversary requiem
high mars will be celebrated for tlie ren™!.
.-f thr- r-oul of the late Bridget McCreadle «i
St. Charles Cburch on January va it U
o clock. FrJen.5* and acquaintances are -e-
spe-ctfully invited to 'attend.
McMAHON— In this cttj. January *7 tutu
l * ll ««\ llflmd lM«b«nd c* the fate Jen!
me McMahon. B on of Catherine and the late
F. J. MOXAHAS. Manager. Tel. Mission 3X.
M0NAHAN, 0'HARA & CO.
* X '~~^U D ffi^ I Y 5 AND EMBALMERS.
.^3 l^-ll Mission st.. near Nineteenth.
£ao Francisco.
Matthew McMabon, and brother of Abner
McMahon anjl Mr».' A. F. Breslln, a native
of Oakland. Cal.. aeed 38 years 6 months
and 19 days. A member of Golden Gate
Council No. Si, Younir Men's Institute, and
of Court Acme Xo. 61.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 0:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, » Humncr street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem hlRh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TO th<» officers and members of Golden Gate
Council No. 34. T. M. I. — You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our late
brother. Daniel J. McMahon. from his late
reaidence. 0 Sumner street, 'off Howard, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Friday morning,
at 9 o'clock tharp. Flues for non-attendance
strictly enforced.
W. J. RIL.ET. President.
E. J. HARRINGTON. Cor. Sec.
McTIGUE— In this city. January 25, 1904,
Michael, husband of Fasnie McTicue. and
father of Frances. Joseph, Richard and John
McTiguc. a native of Castlebarr, County
Mayo. Ireland, aged 74 years.
tCTFriendu are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Thursday), at
1:^0 o'clock, from his late reaidence. 19 Al-
varado street.
O'BRIEN— In Baden, Cal., January 24. 1004.
Henry, beloved son of Mary and the late
John O'Brien, and brother of John. William,
Thomas. James and Richard O'Brien. Mrs.
J. Flynn. Mrs. A. Palmer and the late Mag-
cle McKenney and Ella O'Brien, a native
• cf California, aged 2- years and 11 daye.
1 ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
January 28. 1904, at 9 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. A. Palmer. 371 Ivy
avenue, thence to Sacred Heart Church, cor-
ner Fillmore and Feil streets, for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery-. ;
O'CONNOR— In Alatneda, Cal.. January 26.
1604, at her residence, 1001 Grand street.
Clare, beloved daughter of Elizabeth U and
the late Thomas O'Connor, a native of Ala-
meda. aged 12 years and 9 months.
CyFrtcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day. January 2S. at 10 o'clock, at St.
I Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul. ;
Interment crtvate In Bt. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland.
ONEII>— In this city. January 26. 1S04. Ellen
Oneil, beloved sister of Jeremiah and
John Oneil and the late Mary Linden, a
native of County Kerry. I/eland. a«ed 55
years. (New Orleans, La., and Beverly,
Mass.. papers please copy.)
CyFrit-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
at 9 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue,
thence to Holy Cress Church, where a. sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of, !ier soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
via electric funeral car from Guerrero and
Eighteenth streets.
PECKHAM— In the City and County Hospital,
January 27, 1904. Grace Peckham, a native
of Kentucky, aged 41 years.
POWERS — In this city. Edmund, beloved hus-
band of Mary Powers, and father of Mary.
William and the late Eugene F. Powers, a
native of Ireland.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:00 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
Btreet. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city, January 25. 1004. Eu-
gene F.. dearly beloved son of Mary and the
lal-» Edmund Powers, and brother of Mary
and William Powers, born September 24. '
1S70. died January 25. 1904.
(n^Frlecds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Mission ;
etreet. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RAYMOND — In this city. January 27. 1904.
Vincent Raymond, dearly beloved son of
Cecil and Marie Louise Raymond, a native
of Pan Francisco, aged 3 years 1 month and
1 day.
C^Intcrment private.
REAGAN— A solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated to-day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock,
at St. Charles F«orromeo's Church, for the re-
pose of the rouI of the late Jane E. Reagan.
Friends are invited to attend.
ROONEY— In this city. January 27. 1904.
5Iar* - rrooncy. a native of Willlamstown,
parish 01 Gurthuahoe, County Tipperary. Ire-
land.
CTReroains at th« parlors of the United
Undertaker?. SCO Mission street, between
Fourth and Fifth. Notice cf funeral here-
after.
P.OURKE — In this city. January 25. I9O4.
Bridget Rourke, beloved mother of James ,
Rourke. a native of Ireland, aced 72 years.
C"Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral Thursday,
Jar.uary 'js. 1&04, at 8::;0 o'clock, from the
mortuary chaj»el cf J. S. Gcdeau. S05 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to St. Francis
CfaurdC where a mass will be raid for the
repose of her soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemet«ry.
; STRICKLAND— In this city. January 25. 1D04,
John A. Strickland, brother of George Strick-
land of Fresno, a native, of England, aged 2S
year? 10 months and 17 days.
C3?*Frle.nds and acquaintances and mem-
tx*is of Rurr.aby Lodeo No. 104. Sons of Ft.
fJeorce. are resoectfully invited to attend
the funeral to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock,
from ths oarlor!" of A. W. Martin & Co.,
.'U» O'Farr-11 street. Interment Cypress
I^awn Cemetery.
STUART— In this city. January 20. 1904. Wil-
liam Adams Stuart, a native of Newbury-
port. Ma.-;- . ajj^d til years and 10 days.
ICyThe funeral will take place on Friday,
January 29. 1304. at 2 o'clock, from Mascnic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Excelsior Lodge No. 16C, F. and A.
M. Interment private. Remains at the pat-
iors of Carew & English. 2*J Van Ness ave-
I nue.
; TKMrU;TOv r Iii the <"iiy and County Hospi-
tal. January 27. ISW'4. Mary Tcmpleton, a
native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
j TEfcTANA— In this city. January 24, 1904.
llaouel Testa na. a native of Portugal, aged
23 yeare.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, January 2«. 15*04. at 10 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of Jullu* S. Godeau.
«SO5 Montgomery avenue. Interment Holy
I Crops Cemetery.
! TURNER— In this city, January 27, 1904,
Daniel Turner, a native of Glasgow, Scot-
[ land, azed 77 yarn.
ETFriends arc invited to attend the fu-
neral sen-ices to-morrow (Friday), at 9:45
; o' flock, at fcis late reaidence, 751 O'Farrell
htreet.
I WEHH— In Mill Volley, January 27, la04,
I Gustav T. Wehr, beloved husband of Cath-
; rrinc Wehr. lather of Fred. Emma. Meta
anri N'ormaa We':r. anO brother of Mrs.
Emma Reite. Mrs. C. Heyer and Theodor G..
William K. F. and Henry C. Wehr, a native
of Hotetein, Germany, aged 4<j yfam 7
month* and 16 days. A member of Mission
Tftit .Vo. r,!>. K. o.,T. M.
irXFrUnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attpnd tlie funeral services
Friday, January 2it. J'.toJ. at 1:30 o'clock, at
tlie funeral oarlorB of Dr. F. E. Sawyer. 80S-
SIO Fourth street. San Rafael. Cal. Inter-
ment Mount Tamainais 1 Cemetery.Northern Business. '
-SEATTLE. Jan. 27.— Clearings. $501,035;
balances. $104,870.
TACOMA. Jan. 27.— Clearing* $393,305;
balances. 37.312. " ¦ • - N
.PORTLAND. Jan. 27. — Clearings; $460. 671 ;
balances. $136,580.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Jan. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts
1S.I00 barrels; exports, SCO barrels; steadier
but without activity. - -
WHEAT — Receipts. none: exports, none.
Spot, market easy; No. 2 red, 93c elevator;
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. . LOUIS. Jan. 27.— WOOL— Nominal
medium grades combine and clothing. 17iQ"ic :
light fine. 1 5@1 7 %c; heavy fine. UHc-tub
washed. 20®30M.c. '
, John "W. Rawllas was arrested yes
terday morning on a warrant charging
him with obtaining goods under false
pretenses. He la accused of procuring
from Blake, Moffltt.& Towne a roll o?
black pattern paper used by tailors d"h
the representation' that he was em
ployed by ZelJerbach & Co., 410 San
some streetfx
Makes False Representation.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. fS: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $G 50; Bea
ver HIM $6; Standard. 17: Roslyn. $7;
Coos Bay. $5 60: Greta. $7; Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond. $7 50; v Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50: Cannsl. $S 50 per ton; Coke. $11 509
13 per ton. In balk and $15 *.n sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 Ibs and
$12 80 per Ion? ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases,
add Be: Linseed.- 49c per Ballon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor .Oil. In cases. No. l,-70c;
Baker*" A A. $1 10<gl 12; .'-ucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 60®70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 60c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whale
Oil. eOc;', extra winter strained Lard Oil. Sic;
No. 1 Lard OIK 75c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. C5c; light Herring Oil. 45c;
dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. 3Sc; boiled
FUh Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. .~3c: boiled Paint
Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
In bulk. 15c; Pearl Oil In cases. 2H4c; Astral.
21%c; Star. 2H4c: Extra Star. 25V4c; Elaine.
27V£c; Eocene. 24*£e: Deodorized Stove Gaso
line, In bulk.\17c; in cases. 23\4c; Benzine, in
hulk. 13c: in cases. 19>ic: SB-degree Gasoline.
In bulk. 25c: in cases. 31c
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5H@SVic; San Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32$35c; Fleece Twine, ~Vi&
8c. .
General Merchandise.
New. York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Jan. 27.— The cotton market
closed at practically the best and firm at a
net advance of 14 to 30 points.
Money— I Westing Com 83
r-all loans 3 ®4V6 Mining —
Time loans 4« S 'g5 United Copper... 6
Bonds— Adventure 2%
Atchison 4s M>4 Allouez 4 2
Mex Cent 4s 69 Amal Copper .. . SOU
Railroads— Blngham 22%
Atchlson 70 Calumet & Hecla.45.-.
Do Pfd 01% Centennial 16
Boston & A!bany.24C Copper Range . 45
Boston & Malne.iCS Daly West TS
Koston Elev 140 Dom Coal ' " kill
N Y. N H & H..l»5«; Franklin ....'.." S «4
Fitchburg pfd 13<iti Isle Royale .. ttu,
Union PaoWic .... M'fc Mohawk .... " 3714
Mex Central .... 12% Old Dominion..!! 10
Miscellaneous— Osceola . 59U
Amer Sugar 130 Parrot ... ' " wi,
Do pfd 124^ Quincy 05 *
Amer Tel & Tel..l2«% Santa Fe Copper* 2
Dom Iron & S.. 8>-; Tamarack 1C5
Gen Electric 170 Trinity 4x4
Mass Electric .. 22V4 I'nlted States..'.. 2o«
Do pfd 79»4|i:tah &
United Fruit..:. fj7'4 Victoria. .. <i«
U S Steel 11% Winona '.'..'. r.s!
Do pfd 58^4 Wolverine 72^
London Closing Stocks.
'
Cons for money. SS N T Central... 1*4
Do for acct S8 Nor & Western.! 83%
Anaconda 3*4 Do pfd 90
Atohison 72"^ Ont & Western.! 'UU
Do pfd e."$»»i Pennsylvania ct
I- Bal & Ohio SCvi, Rand Mines ... • 0*L
1 fan Pacific 122«i Reading 24»4
j Ches & Ohio 3««4 Do 1st pfd. " 41
Chi Great West.. 11% Do 2d pfd... 31 ti
Chi. Mil & St P.131U So Railway 23»i
De Beer* 20K Do pfd 87
Den A- Rio G... 23^4 !So Pacific 53U
Do pfd 76 Union Pacific .... £4"!
Erie ia% Do pfd 9.1(4
Do l»t pfd 71% U S Steel 12U
Do 2d pfd...... 50 Do pfd r>ou
111 Central 13S Wabash 22
Louis i- Nash.'. .114 Do tffd " JTu
M. K &. Tex.... 1ST4 "' tt
Bar silvfr— Steady. 25T»d per ounce.
Money — 2 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2%&3 per cent and for three'*
months' bills 3 per cent.
Wheat— • . ' March. May.
Opening 6 3U 6 2^
Closing 6 3>i 0 'ii
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. May.Aur
Opening 20 80 i, 21 00
Closing 20 85 21 20
Flour —
Opening • 28 90 og go
Closing 29 10 •¦ o 8 70
Foreign Futures.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Joseph Granucci, a laborer, was ar
rested on Broadway yesterday by De
tectives Ryan and Taylor and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of burg
lary. He is accused of having entered
the room of Joseph Lera, a friend, at
111 "Wilder street, on Monday night and
stealing a gold watch and chain, a pair
of gold earrings and a revolver.
Accused of Burglary.
Receipts of Vegetables from the southern part
of the State are steadily decreasing owing to
the continued dry weather and consequent lack
of moisture In that region. Prices have been
gradually strengthening and yesterday nearly
all descriptions had a sharp advance. The re
ceipts Included - some frost-bitten and other
wise poor offerings of Peas and Beans, which
could not • be disposed of at any price. -Rhu
barb was suddenly In demand and the light re
ceipts were quickly snapped up at sharply ad
vanced rates. A box of Asparagus came in
from the river and sold at*40c per pound.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, SOc®
$1 per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1 40S1 60 per
ctl- Oree&n Burbanks. $1 20® I 40 per ct:-
River Reds. 5&ffC0o per ctl: Garnet Chiles 90o
<g$l per ctl: Early Rose, 80c©$l per ctl:
Sweet Potatoes. ?2 perctl • - •
ONIONS— Yellow. $1 40@l 60 per ctl: Green
Onions. 5C065C per box.
• VEGETABLE;?— Green - Peas. 3<@6c per lb-
String Beans. 15{U7»/4c per lb: Wax, ;
Tomatoes from Los Angeles. 85c®$l 25 per box
bt crate: Rhubarb. 0®lOc per lb: Summer
Squash frcm Los Angeles. 75c@$l 25 per box;
Cabbage. $1 per ctl: Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. <5c@$l per dozen for
small and «1 5001 «5 for large: Garlic. 5
@Cc per lb; Ebb Plant. 12%@20c per
lb: Dried Peppers. 5®Sc per ¦ !b for Stock
ton and 10@12^c for southern: Dried Okra
12>^c per lb; Green Peppers, 6«10o per lb-
Mushrooms. 35-1T50e per 1b: Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash. $10@15 per ton for round
lots and %®%c.per lb for sacked. . .
Table Potatoes ruled firm under moderate
receipts and a steady local demand and Sa
linas and Oregon Burbanks were, firmer. The
Oregon steamer, which arrived on the preceding
day. had not finished discharging up to a late
hour, and there was but little business on the
wharf. What little was unloaded sold o«
well at good prices and dealers were expecting
a higher range of prices. A carload of Sweets
was marketed and met with a steady Inquiry
at .the previously quoted rate. Yellow Onions
were In good request and firm at a sharp ad
vance. v
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SHEEP— Receipts. 20,000: sheep and lambs
steady;- good to choice wethers. $4 2O@4 BO
fair to choice mixed. $3 25®4; Western sheep'
$4@4 60: native Iambs,- $4 25®«; Western
lambs, $4 50<ge.
CHICAGO. Jan. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts.
17.000; strong; good to prime steers $4 75®
5 75; poor to medium. $4g;4 <50: stackers and
feeders $2 25@4 IS; cows. $1 60fi}4 25; helf
er». $2@4 50; canners, $1 50«g2 50; bulls
$2@4 25; calves. $3 50(?f« 75.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 40.000: to-morrow
30,000; steady; mixed and butchers' $4 g5®
5 15; good to choice heavy. $3^5 15; roueh
heavy $4 S.*i«5; light. ?4 65@4 05; bulk of
sales $4 90®5.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
LA. Spalding, 917 Van Ness avenue,
obtained a warrant from Police Judgs
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of Mor
ris Bernstein on a charge of petty lar
ceny. He said that Bernstein had come
to him with a hard luck story and he
had taken him to his home and given
him board and lodging free. On Sun
day, he alleges, Bernstein took his de
parture and helped himself to Spald
ing's overcoat and $9 in coin.
Shows Ills Ingratitude.
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— On the Produce Ex
change tiiiday the butter market was firm
creameries, 15ig21 1 .ac; dairy, 13@.19c; eggs'
firm at mark, cases included,"" 30931 Uc'
cheese, neady, lOfgllO'^. /2 '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There Is no further change, In Beans, the
market being inactive and firmly held.
BEANS— Bayo*. $2 35Q2 45: Pea, $3 23: But
ters *3; smali White, $2 05(93 05; large White,
$2 3of?2 60: Pink. $2 80@2 DOi-Hed. $4 25^4 50;
Lima. $3 1508 25; Red Kidneys. $4 25: Black
tye $2 15£2 25 per ctl: Horse Beans. $2@2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard. 12 C5@2 SO: Flax. $1 80©l 90: Canary.
ttgstftUc for. Eastern: Alfalfa. 11^14c: Rape.
lU02c: Timothy, 6@6He; Hemp. 3K@3^c per
lb; Millet. 3$j3V£c;- Broom Corn Seed. $20@23
per ton. • ¦ •
DRIED PEAS— Nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about H@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted !
Steers. 9c; medium. 8c: >i~ht. 7%c; Cow Hides, .
7»Ac forhea\*y and 7V4c for light: Stags. Be;
Salted Kip, !>c: Salted Veal. :0<: Salted Calf.
10%c: dry Hides. 1u@16c: dry 'Kip. 13c: dry
Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, shearlinrs. 25<ffir5Oc each;
short Wool. 40<gC5c each: medium. 70@Wc: long
Wool. $l(gl RO; Horse Hlde». salt. $2 75 for
large and $2S2 50 for medium. $1 25fll 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for larpe and $1 HO for medium! $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c: ' dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
eoras. 75c: largo and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c:
small. 20c.
TALI/3W— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; No.
2. 3»4c: grease. 2%®3c.
¦WOOL. — Fall clip — San .Tnaquln Lambs', fl{J
lie: Middle County. 11012c: Northern De
fective. BfllOc: Nevada. 1 3® 15c: Oregon fine.
lS4Tlf*c: Oregon medium. I7c per lb.
HOPS— 27<R30c per lb for California. 1903.
and.l7@20c for crop of 1004.
Meat Market.
.
Conditions remain as heretofore stated and
quotations show no chanpe.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from- slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
PEEF — 6^@7^ac for Steers and 6@6%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large Sg9c; small. 0@10c per lb.
MUTTON— "U'etherSTDViSlOc; Ewes. 9@9*4c
per lb.
LAMB-^10>4eilc per lb.
PORK— Drepfed Hoes. 70SUc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotation a are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered to San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage .f of Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8@9c; Cows and Heifers.
768c; thin Cows. ,4fi0c per lb.
CALVES— 4@4\4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%®5c; Ewes. 4Vi@tUo
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 5@5%c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lb(>. 5%©5Hc;
over 180 lbs. 6c: solt Hogs. 4 He; Sows, 20 per
cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40
per cent oft from above quotations.
Hides, Tallow; Wool and Hops.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK Jan. 27— Close: Money on
< all— Kas-y. l^iQS per cer.t; closing bid. \\;
offered at 2 i>*r cent.
T.me loan.-— Firmer: sixty days. 3* 4 @3 1 i:
ninety days. :i 1 4 ' f /4 per cent; six months. 4V«
per cent.
. Prime mercantile pap*;r — liitfjrm r>er cent.
* Ptfr!!ng exrhanE? — Easier with actual b'jFl
ness in barkers" HI!* at $t.K.V;otr4.fi. I W» for de
mand' and at $4 R.554.S310 fcr sixty-day bills.
. F'oftcd rates-?4 83^04 S4 and f4 8t>'4.
Commercial tills— $4 S2'i. •
•Ear Kilver — r.5"ie.
. Mexican •Jo'.'.ars — 42^c.
' .Bonds — Governments, steady; railroads, ir
refirular.
• New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan 27 —The lassitude whirh
*w»»raTi to mak» Uself rr.anifen in yesterday's
Trratfing in stacks wes etill more in evidence
to-da>. Tht dea'ings f<:U at times to rathT
in^iirTiifica nt proporlions ar.4 the mcveni*?iit In
jtrire» »a« narruw and lrrpcular. The more
favorable tuln to the war news to-dsy did not
iivjiil to tustain tSv market any more than
th» der»rfFElon in thr fcrc-'.pn market yester
day Mrved to hold bark rrice? in the face of
the ory-ratinns. cf the dominant speculative
p*»rty. That rany «aF rather Quiescent to
d»y or rertricte.1 in th»- field of He operations.
In \Iew' of the <-<rf»atinn of the upward move
ment tt-was arguei! that the li^ht presFure of
t-"!hr:p ' ff^tir.ps v.ay in favor of the mark**.
15ut it was f.jfgestfd on (he ether hand that
tHe lijrkt rrallzmir r-zi the turn went to demon
strate a \t-ry small «-pecu!at:ve followlne for
Jtif. sr^culaticn which set about liftinc prices
as an invitation to the outside, public to come
.into the mai ket and p»cure the benefit of ris
"ine r>ricff. The risinc t^-inte were attributed
to Jtj>eratlons by th* bull partr to E'jstain
'prii~+* for lack of other exolanatlon.
. The Per.r.fyivBr.la proun was conFpicuou»
and th>*- advancing tendency of the Gc.ulds was
<-«Uf-l s=vrr.t.atht-tic on the assumption that a
Qoild-Ca.-'satt haxnicnlzotion was Involved.
The rpeculatlve pasty bas's some cf Its. hopes
of ajvatxinj: prices m a confidence of the
ebiiit> of the Rock Inland party to further it*
tvjT.4 Ircue. The flrn»"r tr^ie of the time money
i;i:.Tk'l »as acam Wltliltiwiall In e\ - idence
to-osy ar.d a renewal of the Sub-Treasury
transfers to New Orlearm attract* attention In
vi< w of the customary check to the accumula
tion of reserve? in New York, which thows it
t'-lf sltut tbe end of January- The flrran«-*«
In time money here with the racier tendency of
m-i-ey in foreign markets conduced to the de
cline i:i «-x<-hanc<* ratfs. The feeling 1* irrow
¦ing jtiat the j»eriod of abnormal eajy money is
not to fof riixlcnsed and that letter rates for
time loan* will role fcr the future. •
Bonds v.Tf dull and rather irregular. Total
iial<.-8. tZ.i'LT,,i»jO. United States bonds were un
changed un call.
KEW TORK PTOCK I^IST.
' " Stock— Rales. HlKh. I^ow. Close.
AtMJUon 25.200 70-4 C9»4 70
Atcn'.son pfd S0O 02 91 'i . 91
,Ttaltimore & Ohio.. 57.200 K>% S4»4 S5*i
Halt & Ohio nfd... 200 «1«4 91 H 02
Canadian Pacific... 4.2O<I 119=4 119^4 119*;
Central of K J 20O 1C1 161 lC0*i
Cbesr* Ohio 6.700 33*i 35Vs 35H
<"hica«o & A!t<<> ". 37V
ttign & Alt ufd 200 84U M^i S4"-t
Chgo & G -Westorn. 1,200 17^4 10*4 1« T 4
<¦ t- o w, iy:d 7. .... sovi
O.go & Nc^Tts-trn .... 1GS
<:hgo Term &. Trn. !M0 12 11% ll'i
J ojsc T *¦ T pfd... l..Tf»O 25 \i 24 . 24 >i
••• C C * St Uiuis. luo SO . 80 ¦ 78«i
< do Southern.; l.iOO lS*i ISU 1S>4
- <-o!o S=o lrt rfd 5S 5S 5«i
< wo So 2d pfd 400 —J7% 'JZXi ' 27^
1*1 & Hudson 200 168 108 1*57"
Drt. I-fcck & Wen. * j * > 7 O >5
I>enver & Rio Cr.. l.ftOO 23" 52H *22'4
Drt & Rio Gr pti. »k> <4H ««/ 7:: i
h™ ,•¦••¦" Kl0Q 2ft»4 28% j
U : * -"1.P-0 300 4S«i 4S»i 4«t>* 1
Croat Northn pfd.. .. " * j-n
Iowa Centra: pfd ' £;*•
Kansat City So... "• S
KMamCttr fc^o pfd. *.'-.'. «-U
Manhattan El«v.^ 700 nr,i2 \^r- ]«,
gSTSUtoTi;: W 4
M.). far.. A- T rfd. 1.Sm «!*. 41* 4?
»f<2ffi.!?; 25 J? £« M%
Kor:olX & Wcnra. ».«» h% ci% h% j
CHICAGO, Jan. 27.— Cash quotations were
of follows: Flour, dull and steady No 3
fprinir wheat. 75g86c; No. 2 red. &S*i§fll%c:
No. 2 corn, 46*;o; No. 2 yellow. 4Sc- No 2
oats, :K>«741*ie: No. 3 white. 39?i©41c- No 2
rye. 56',»c: good feedin* barley, 8S<g3ft<;' fair
to choice maltlns. 4H©57c; No 1 " fiaxpeed
$1 10: So. 1 Northwpstjrn. ?l 13; prime timo
thy Feed. $3 25: mess pork, per bbl $13 "Oft
13 40; lard, per 10.0 llig, $7 27 »i; short riba
sides (loose), $6 4f.go 70; short clear tides
(boxed). f(i S7U)S7 12>i; whisky, basis or
hleh wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade,
A-rticleF-— Receipt. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 40,300 40 1)00
Wheat, bu «3.50O 3fi'70O
Corn, bu 274.000 24(5.900
Oats, bu 3O4.S0O 137,400
RKe. bu S.600 3 100
Barley, bu 141.300 lfl'coo
Cash Grain and Provisions.
American District Tel ". ....
Cal Gas & Elec Corp ....
California Cotton Mills 89 CO 05 00
California Jockey Club ....
California Shipping Co ; ....
Cal Title Ins & Trust
Central Bank of Oakland 70 00
Chutes Company .... ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co. ... 8 25
Fischer's Theater .... 3 80
Gas Consumers' Assn ..... .... ....
Honolulu Sugar ....
Northern California Power, ft 00 10 90 '
North Shore Railroad 20 00
Orpheum Company 16 CO ....
Pacific Statea^Tel & Tel... ....
Parafflne Paint 37 SO • .... ,
San Francisco Dry Dock . ...
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 150 .... '
Saasaltto Land A Ferry.... .... ...» 1
Sperry Flour Company .... .... ....
Standard Electric .... ....
Tesla Coal Company ..... 23 CO 3009
Truckea EUctric ..«. ...»
Union Sugar -mm mm ¦!¦¦
United Gas & Electric .... _.» . ».««
SALES.
Moraine Session. ; •? ' ¦ ¦ '
Ko salei.
Afternoon Session.
100 Horn* ,.......„ 1124
Alining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EKCHAN'O&
Following: were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher' 30.1500 Overman _.. 29
700 Caledonia ... 80! 20O Ophir 8 63
300 Con C A Va.l 55' 800 Savage 5O
200 Con C & Va.l 50| 500 Sierra Ner .. M
2C0O Exchequer ... lSj 100 silver Hill .. e*
2C0 Gould & Cur. 31 1 900 Union Con .. 75
700 Gould A Cur. 30 700 Utah 14
30O Gould & Cur. 29 1 200 Yellow Jacket 44
500 Mexican 1 50.
Afternoon Session.
ICO Alpha 09; r,O Mexican 180
1100 Belcher 32 10O Ophir 3 <W>
100 Caledonia ... 83i 300 Ophir 3 55
300 Caledonia ... 93 1 20O Ophir 3 50
100 Con C & Va.l 50 400 Overman .... 27
300 Con C & Va.l 55 20O Potoei 20
NX) Crown Point. 25 100 Sierra Ner ... 57
20O Gould 4 Cur. 32 40O Utah '"1*
100 Justice 09 20O Yellow Jacket 41
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha Con .. 08! 100 Ophir 3 70
600 Andes 30' ICO Overman 2<*^,
ICO Caledonia ... 07 ; 20O Ovfrman .... 2">
30O Caledonia ... $»!>, 20O Overman .... 27
200 Caledonia ... 02 20O Savage 50
500 Chollar 22 1 . 4C0 8eg Belcher.. 00
300 Con C & Va.l 50i 100 Be* Belcher.. M
2C0 Con C & Va.l 53 200 Sierra Nev .. 61
100 Gould & Cur. 35 100 Sierra Nev . . <¦
400 Gould ft Cur. 32| 30ft Sierra Nev .. 37
10O Justice 09 1200 Silver Hill .. «*
10O Occidental ...lOOj 100 Utah 13
400 Ophir a 65 l
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 11 ' 100 Ophir 8 •»
500 Belcher 32 100 Overman .... 27
100 Belcher 37; 50 Overman .... 24~
7C0 Belcher ...:.. 3S 150 Overman .... 2J>
100 Bullion 07; 100 Overman .... 31
200 Caledonia ... 81 ' 200 Potost 21
100 Caledonia .... 9S 100 Scorpion IV4
400 Challenge Con 28 IPO t'nlon Con. .. "H
200 Con C 4 V.I 524' 2W Utah 13
ICO Con C & Va.l Btt 1 00 Utah 14
ICO Con C & Va.l ?5' 3C0 Yellow Jacket 41
5C0 Crown Point. 2* 2iX) Yellow Jacket 42
4C0 Crown Point. 2ft 200 Yellow Jacket 43
100 Mexican ...1 52H| 100 Yellow Jacket 48
300 Mexican I' 55j 20O Yellow Jacket 47
10O Mexican ...1 37*4 1<X> Yellow Jacket 4S
10O Ophir 3 5S< 300 Tellow Jacket 43
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Followtnsf were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
; gOO Evelyn 25! ioo Ton Belmont. 71
230O Mont Ton -.1 45 50O Ton Midway. 43
500 Mont Ton..l 42^1 50O Ton Midway. 49
Afternoon Session.
200 Evelyn 2512000 Mont Ton ..1 40
ICO Mont Ton ..1-43 100 Mont Ton ..150
200 Mont Ton..l 47*i 300 Ton Midway. 47
, 2C0 Mont Ton.. 1 42*i 1950 Too Midway. 45
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
| WEDNESDAY. Jan. 2S — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 08 08 Justice ...... OS 10
Alta : 10 13 Kentuck 04 <V>
Andes 32 33 Keyes Graea.. — 1 75
Belcher S7 38 Lady Wash.. — 07
Best & Belch. 1 65 1 73 Mexican . 1 K 1 m
Bullion .06 C8 Occidental ... 93 1 00
Caledonia ... 99 1 CO Ophir 3 65 3 70
Challenge Con 29 30 Overman .... S2 33
Chollar 22 24 Potost 21 23
Confidence ...1 10 1 20 Savage 50 52
Con C & Va.l 55 1 60 Scorpion 03 (5
Con Imperial. 03 M'Seg B«lcher.. OS 10
Con NY.... — 08 Sierra Nev . . 5!> 61
Crown Point. 29 30 Silver Hill .. 68 70
¦»%ast Sierra N" 05 «fi St Louis .... — 2rt
Eureka Con.. — 50, Syndicate. ... 04 06
Exchequer ... 17 19. Union Con .. 7ft «X
Gould & Cur. 34 SejTtah 13 15
Hale & Norc. 75 SO fellow -Jacket 47 40
Julia 04 05 1
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid- Ask. I . ' Bid Ask.
Colehan — 19:R<scue 'OS 0«
Esperanza ... — 01 To\ Belmont. 67 —
Gipsy Queen. — 30 Ton\* Cal... — 2O
Gold Anchor. 11 23 Ton Exten . . 70 —
Gold M Con. — CO Ton Fraction. — 43
Hannapah ... '— 25 Ton of Nev. 5 50 —
MacNamara . 11 - Ton N Star.. SI 38
Mixpah Ex . . — 25 Ton Midway. 45 47
Mont Ton...l 40 1 42 H Ton Superior. — 25
Paymaster . . 09 2O United Ton . . — . 12
Chicago eased off on selling of Lard by long
houses. The trade are looking for a further
break but the outsiders kept on buying.
This market continues quiet and featureless.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. HV>c for light medium, 13^c for,light,
J4c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13*ic; California
Hams 124@13c; Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $12@12 50; Family. $13; prime
Mess Pork. $16;- extra clear, $24: Mess. $18:
Dry Salted Pork. 114c: PIk Pork. $28; Pigs-
Feet. $5 25: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted af 7c per lb for
compound and 9**c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
94c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. lOftc; 3-lb tins.
COTTOLENE — One half' barrel. SvAc; three
half barrel! 1 . S«ie: one tierce. 854e; two tierces,
SVic; five tierces. S%c ser lb.
Provisions.
EASTERX MARKETS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Cloee.
Wh^at -No. 2—
May -p^tz 90% Sf)V4 Sf»»A
Jul >- • €1*1 82>« 81% 81^
September 77 4 78 77 >i 77%
Corn jN'o. 5—
January .. 4<3H
May 49% 50^- 49H 4fl%
July 48 . 45*i- 47% 47T4
Oats Ko. 2— r ~-~- . ' '¦
January 3014 39*4 .39" 39 .
May 42U 42H 42 . 42ft
July 37*, 37% 37V» 37%
September 32 T 4 33 32*4 32'*.
Mess Pork, per bbl— .
January 13 20
May 13.'J2',13 40 13 30 13 S2«i
Lard. i>er 100 lbs —
Januar" .... 7 27*4
May T 82*4 7 63 7 45 7 47V*
July 7 524 7 52U 7 47*1 7 47^
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— "
January 6 60. 6 f.0 « 47H 6 47U
May 6 774 6 RO C 72*- 6 75
July 6 £5 6S7*4 6 S2*4 6 S2*i
The circular of Somers & Co. says of Hay:
"There has been a slight increase. In arrivals
of Hay for the week ending to-day, the total
a mount ins to 2000 tons, er" 100 tons more
than tor the week preceding. Town trade has
hardly, warranted any increase in shipments,
but -the excess has been required for Govern
ment purposes. A small shipment has already
been taken for Manila, and preparations are
now being made to forward the balance of the
larpe order recently placed here. It must ba
understood tbnt the Government requirements
are for small bales or Hay highly compressed.
which necessitates the handling of- the Hay
several times over. The continued dry weather
ia exciting considerable comment as to the
future of the market, but as Is generally the
case there has befn no further advance be
cause of fairly heavy receipts. Regardless of
the outlook the Hay market generalises utterly
Insensible to future prospects, being regulated
each day by that day's shipments. So until
either the scarcity of Hay In the country or a
threatening drought materially reduces the
dally bhlpments there wvjl probably be but
Htile change. From the present outlook Hay
will have to be shipped rather sparingly, or we
will not have enough to last us through. Every
thing, therefore, points toward higher prices
a bit later, especially as the entire coast
seems to be short of Hay. and already Hay
that was purchased for shipment here Is being
diverted to other points. We would not be at
all turprUed to see choice Wheat Hay sell as
high as $20 within another month.
"We can quote no chance from the prices
given last week.and arrivals still consist chiefly
of (food grade wheat and tame oat Hay."
BRAN — $20 50021 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $2762a 50 per ton.
SHORTS — S2O 5WI21 5O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24^25
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2S 50330;
Jobbing $31; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Corn
Meal *2S 50«?29 PO: Cracked Corn. $2i5g2O:
Mixed Feed, $22@23; Horse Beans. $30040 per
ton.
HAY — Wheat. $14«T17 50: Wheat and Oat.
S14S16 50: Oat. $14@16; Wild Oat. $13@15:
Barley. $12014 50: Stock, nominal — none here;
Alfalfa. $12«13 50 per ton.
STRAW— 50©I5c per bale.
There are two elements in the Hay market
at present — one Interested in maintaining
prices and the other desirous of a. lower range
of quotations. Disinterested dealers quote the
market steady and unchanged. There is no
further change in Feedstuffs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The gross earnings of the North Shore Rail
road Company for December show an increase
of $6227 55; net earnings decreased $7880 71:
after paying all expenses and fixed charges
there was a deficit for the month of $23,715 52,
or $14,543 13 more than the deficit in Decem
ber, 1902. The net profits for the year 1905
were $13,016 less than for 1902.
The annual meeting of the shareholders of
the California Vtgorit Powder Company ad
journed for one month, as out of 50,000 shares
only 3112 were represented at the meeting;
4Q.6S3 shares have been sent on to Wilmington
to be transferred to the E. I. Du Pont de Ne
mcurs Company.
At the annual meeting of the shareholders
of the French Savings Bank the following offi
cers and directors were elected: Charls Carpy,
president: A. Legall«t> vice president; Leon
Bocqueraz. secretary; J. E. Arti^ues. O. Bozlo.
J. A. Berj?ecot. J. B. Clot. J. S. Godeau, Leon
Kauftman. J. J. Mftck and A. Rooa. John
Girty was elected cashier. ,
Stock and Bond Exchange,
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 27 — 2 p. ra.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask. ¦
4s qr coup..lO7K — |4s qr cp newl33^134
4s <ir reg...lO7meS 1 i;3g qr coup. .107 lOS^i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5«. — — O T Co 6s.llR —
Bay CPC 5S.102 — Do 5s ..r.108 —
Cal C G 5s. — 107 Do con 5s.lO2J,i —
Cal G & E K Oceanic S 8s. — - 75
m & ct 5s. — 104 Qm Cable 6s.I22H123
Cal-st 5s 114 — Pac G Im 4s. — 93
C C Wat 5s. — 104 P E Ry 5s.. 104% —
EdL&P«5a— — P&CH Cs.103 —
F & C H 6s. — 120 P & O R 6s.ll7 —
Geary-st 5s.. 45Vi 90 Powell-st 6s.ll2% —
H C&S 5^8.104 — SE O&R 5e. — lttHi
Do 5s SWTi »O«.i SF & SJV5».UR lUHi
Hon R T 68.108 — Sierra R v 6s.ll0«ill2
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 58.114*4115^ (1903) ....106*4 —
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) ....106^ —
Do jftd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 104 U, (l$>O5)<5r A. 104 —
LAP lcm 6s.l02^4 — n005)Sr B.104*; —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll6M17% (1906) 105UI06
Do lcm 5s-114^113 H912) 117%119ii
NRR of C6b. — 106% SPC 1 cm 5s. —
Do 5s 117H — DO Stmpd. 109*4110
N P C R 5s.l04%105 S P B R 68.133% —
N C R 5a.. — 112 S V W 69.1fW!%107i;
N T C P C 5s. 99 100 Do 4s 2<3m. Of»H —
N S R R 5s. — 10OV. Do 4s 3dm. 99*4 —
O G L H 8s. 108 — Stkn G&E 6s — 102
O W gtd 8s. — 09 117 G & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 39% 40 I Port Costa.. —
Marln Co... — 65 Is V W Co.. 39*4. 39%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3*i 4%IS F O & E. 5SVi M*i
Mutual E L. 11% — Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 56 59 U O & E.. 39
Sac E G & R — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — |
/ INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.331) 359 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. 89% 02 Mer Trust... — 240
Bank of Cal.442 4S0 . Merch Ex... —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Nation!. —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 23C0 Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. —
S F Sav., U. 620 C50
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197*4205 iPresldio 40 —
Geary — 80 1
POWDER.
Giant 63 64 | Vlgorlt 3*4 4U
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — Kilauea S C. — 5
Hawaiian C. 44*4 — Makaweli C. 20 22
Honokaa S C 12*; 12H Onomea S C — 30
Hutch SPC 8^ — Paauhau S C 12*j 14
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.139V4 — (Oceanic S C. 3V
Cal F C A. 95 — rac Aur FA 5 6
Cal WLne A. 91% 95*iiPa<J C Borx.167 —
, • Morning Session'
20 California Fruit CannenT 95 rv>
75 Sprlnsr Valley Water Co 39 73
$2,000 L A Pac R R lot Cent 5s 102 50
?2»,(iOO S P of Arizona (1900) 105 50
$1,000 S P Cal 1st Con 5s (stamped). .109 25
$3,0CO S V 4s (2d mortgage) 09 6->u
Street —
$4,000 N P C R R 5s 104 75
$2,000 Omnibus Cabbie 6s 124 00
$1,000 S V '4s (3d mortgage) 99 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — . :.„ J
10 Contra Costa 'Water... ,40 00
150 Hutchin.«cn S P Co S 25
50 Mutual Electric Light.. 12 00
11) & F Gas and Electric 58 25
$5.C0O S F & S J V 5s US l2Ji
$2,000 Market-street Cable 6s 117 00
Street—
15 Bank of California 442 50
$-11,000 Northern Ry of Cal Cs .108 25
$14,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 105 CO
$15,000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s ill 75
?10.0CO S F & S J V 5s .- 118 12*i
$3,000 S P of Arizona 10G 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
AUna • ....
Apollo 45 ....
Associated Trust Certificates.' 18 ....
Aztec .... 82*£
California Standard 12
Caribou 1 60
Central Point Con '. .. 66 ....
Chicago Crude .... ....
Claremont 4S ....
Esperanza 150 .... ,
Four 71
Fulton 4 00
Giant
Hanford. 140 00
Home 1 10 1 15
Imperial ......... 17 CO
Independence ».... 14 ....
Junction ..........'. - .... ie
Kern 4 50 5 CO
Kern River 10 CO .... '
Lion ': * 01
Monarch of Arizona) TA 41
Monte Crlsto i75~, •-•-
Occidental of Vf Va 14
Oti City Petroleum ....... 29
Peerless 13 50 11 30.
Pittsburc ...." ...-.
Reed Crude 4 60 ....
S F & McKlttrick
San Jo&quin O & D ¦• .'<..¦
Senator . 63
Sovereign ¦.. 37- -40
Sterling I 2 6O
Superior C3 07
Thirty-three 6 CO 7 00
Toltec * 18 "" 20
Twenty-eight • 4 50
West Shore .."... SCO
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land &' Imp I 30 1 60
Alameda Sugar
American Biscuit ...50 00 ....
FRUIT— Apricots, 7K®0%c fcr Royals and 9
@llc for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 4@
BHc; *un-drled. 3ig4c; Peaches. 4g6^c; Pears,
G(glOc: Nectarines. 4©5Uc; Figs, white. 4@4%c
in boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pitted. Cfg'Jc per
PRUNES-(1003 crop, 2^®2%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 60-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 2-cr0wn,
61.JC per lb: 3-crown. H%c; 4-crown. 6^c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4%c: do. floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas; 4^4c; Thompson's Seedless,
5^)C. London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown.
SI 33; 4-crown clusters $2; 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 CO; 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose. 2
crown. 5c per lb; do 3-crown. 5%c; Valencia
Cured. 4',ic; Pacific, do, 3%c; Oriental, do,
2%c. Seeded Raisins — 16-oi packages,- fancy.
8c per lb; choice. 7 %c: 12-ox packages, fancy.
6Hc; choice. 6%c; in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice.
7«4c.
NUTS — Yl'alnuts. No. 1 softishell, 13H«14c;
Tfo. 2. llV6C12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13V»c;
No. 2. 11®11%c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10V4C for I X L, 10V4c for Ne Plus Ultra and
894c for Languedcc; Peanuts. «5ff7c for Eastern,
pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5; Chest
nuts. r>©7c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. 10»gll%c for white and 8Vi®
9V4c for amber; water white extracted, ifp
5V«c: light amber extracted. 4%®l%c; dark.
3H@4c.
BEESWAX-f27(g29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $a 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, 33 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour.
$7: Oorn Meal. $:i 25: extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75- Fa
rlnn. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats, bbls. $7 25@$ 60; in sacks, $S 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, boxes. 17; Green
Peas. J5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family ¦ Extras. $4 60®
4 S5. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50@4 60-
Oregon and Washington. $3 90@4 20 per bbl for
Family and ?3 90J;4 40 for Bakers'.
Flour and Millstuffs.
<l20th Meridian— Pacific Time.) .
SaN FRANCISCO, Jan. 27—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
ii»i<? as censpaj-ed with those of same daie lajit i
»•_.-:. and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
LaFt This Last
* Elation? — 24 h >urs. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 23. :>2 33.44
Rt& HlufT O.do 13. CO 16.13
Sacraxnonto 0.00 6.22 i>.2l .
f-its Francisco 0.00 7.1W S.OO
-FYcsno' 0.00 1 .4*5 4.20
- Independent 0.00 ©.42 O.S»>
bail Li:is Obispo O.OO 1.90 7.23
Lop Angeles 0.00 0.57 5.KI
Ean.Dugo 0.00 0.45 6. IS
"~ 9 THE COAST RECORD.
.<* a s a 2 2 *s
5 "f-'i £= M <* %
1 |9\§iS= So I
STATION. I !§ *3 |- J
= e • 5
: ? ? : : :
Sft Tamalpai* 30.24 f^S 42 N Clear .00
Baiter 30.60 30 10 NE Clear .00
Carxon 30.44 4« 8 E Clear .0<>
.Eureka 3O.3O M 36 W Clear .CO
Fresno 30.22 «2 32 NW tiear .00
¦Farallon W.22 w 50 NW Clear .00
Flafftaff 30.08 38 .. SE Clear .00
It Reyes 30.17 56 4S NT Clear .00
Pocatf'lo 30.50 2S 10 SW Clear .00
Independence 30.20 5S' 36 NW Clear .0>}
Lof ArEeIe»..30.12 74 48 W Clear .0»
North Head.. 30. 54 46 40 NW Clear .0i">
Phc-enix 30.10 «12 30 W Clear .00
I-ortland 30.4S 4« 40 XW Clear .M
P*d Bluff 30.26 fi8 3i5 N Clear .00
ftoseburg 30.50 36 .*52 NE Cloudy .<iO
Sacraraer.to -.30.22 W SS SE Clear .00
Salt Lake 30. .V) 28 16 SW Clear T.
San Franci*~o.S«.26 «4 4<5 NE riear .00
P L Obispo.. .30.16 72 4O W Cleax .00
San Diego 30. OS 70 46 NTT Clear .00
Seattle 30. «2 44 36 NE Clear .00
Fpckane 30.W 3S 26 E Pt CWy .00
Tat^osh 30. 5S 44 42 E Cloudy .00
Walla. 30. 58 44 34 SW Clear .00
V'inncmucca *
Yumt 30.14 64 42 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS ANT) GEXERAL
FOBEX7AST.
Tl>ere has been but little change in pressure
during the past twenty-four hours on the Pa
cific flop*.
No rain ha* fallen we*t of the Rocky Moua
tairs, with the exception of a trace at Salt
Lake City.
D*n?f fnp is reported at the Farallones and
at Point Rfvei.
Tlie t'm|«niun> <v«itinHM wurm and Is
mu"h abo%e tfie normal in the tr»ai valley
»>.nd hJock the *outbern coast.
Forrca?t made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending mi-Jnight. January 2S:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; fog
fc.'onit the coast; light north wind.
Sou*. hern <*c!iforria — Fair ThurFday; light
r.on!^a?t »i3di«. ohanri^B to westerly.
Xivada — Fair ThuiTdar.
Pan Francifo and ii<-inity — Fair Thursday.
with teg :n the morr.ing; light east winds.
O. McAPIE District Forecaster.
CHICAGO. 3an. 27. — The feature in trading
In tbe wheat rlt to-day wa« • the u?ual ac
tivity and comparative strength of the July
delivery. Way exhibited much nervousness and
was easily Influenced by any little trade either
way. Quietness - was noticeable, at the rtart.
there being few orders on the market. The
opening dulln«f« was the result of a convic
tion In the minds of the pit crowd that so long
as one firm vtood ready to bny all that was
for sale on May delivery It was useless to at
tempt trading. Easier cables caused a slight'
Iof* in initial sales. May being a shade to
H^Hc lower at 89%c to 89t,c. Light offer-
Ings with a fair scattered demand soon caused
an advance to 00%c. There was fairly good
commiwl.tn house selling on' the upturn and
the market ¦ soon reacted. The July delivery,
however, retained much of the early strength,
the supposition being that It was leys under
the control of the long operator. The extreme
coid weatber throughout the winter wheat belt
hrought out a good" demand for this option,
with outsiders buying freely. From Slty®
81 9iC at the opening the price advanced* to
82%<ff82 i >i«.\ The close on May was weak and
%c lower at .sa%'S89%c.
There was Rood buying of corn early by :«ad
ms ;ommiEs!on houses, due partly to the
strength in wheat and partly to the strong
tone of cables.
Oats, were firm the greater part of the day,
ck-sin? He higher at 42 %c for May.
Linuidation by small holders and'eellins by
packers caused some weakness In provisions.
The cks» was easy. May >x>rk being 7%c
lower and !ard and ribs ."ii57%c lower.
- The leadlne futures ranged as follows:
Future Grain and Provisions.
Chicago Board of Trade.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50©2
per- box for fancy, $1 25@1 75 for choice and
50c@$l for standards: Seedlings. 50c5$l;
Tangerines, 5Oc«3$l per box: Lemons. $1 75
62 50 for fancy $1 25(31 50 for choice and
76cS$l for standard; Grape Fruit, $1®2: Mex
ican Limes, $484 50; Bananas. $li52 per
bunch *Ior Hawaiian and $2<g2 50 for Central
American: Pineapples, $1 J>0®2 50 per dozen.
APPLES— $1 65@1 75 per box for extra
fancy, $1 25® 1 60 for ordinary fancy, 75c@$l
for choice and 40©65c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellis from cold storage,
$1 75<&2 per box. •
The Orange market does not seem to respond
to the warmer weather and stocks of all grades
of Navels are still far in excess of the demand.
Some dealers reported a little more movement,
but the majority of the trade continued to re
port a dull market. There, was practically no
inquiry for small or medium sized fruit, large
Navels only being wanted, and the large sizes
of strictly fanpy were still held at a small
advance over the quotations. The attendance
at the Orange market was small and the sale
passed off in the usual humdrum fashion.
Seven cars of fairly attractive fruit were sold
as follows: Fancy Navels, $1®1 75; choice,
OOcigl 50; standards, 40c@?l 20. Lemons.
Limes and Grape Fruit were unchanged. The
Panama steamer brought up 245 boxes Mexican
Limes. Hawaiian Bananas were quoted higher,
small bunches being cleaned up. The steamer
Alameda. which arrived on the preceding day,
brought up 4947 bunches.
Prices of Apples were without quotable
change. Trade was moderately active and
strictly fancy Newtown Pippins had the most
call.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Weather Report.
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 ; Little Chief 06
Alice 27 i Ontario • 6 CO
Breece 10, Ophir 450
Brunswick Con .. 05 Phoenix 13
Comstook Tunnel.. C^jPotosI 25
fnn Cal * Va 1 70 Pa vase '.'. 59
Horn Silver I OS ; Sierra Nev ...'.*." 75
Iron Silver 1 2.VSmatl Hopes ..." 20
L«advi!le Con '02'Standard 1 CO
Norfolk & W pfd 87
Ontario & Westrn. 31,000 24 »4 2Z% 24
Pennsylvania S2.7O0 123^ 122^ 122%
1 J C C & St Louis. 100 Hl%- C4% «4Vj
fading 13,300 474 4C* 47^
Reading 1st cM .'. SO
Reading 2d pfd ei^
Rock lfland Co 32.100 '26*4 25% 25%
R.-wk Island pfd... 4.5OU BT^i tS5H MU
SLASFltt pfd .... 60-
S L & S F 2d pfd. 7.600 A9\i 4&»i 48%
St Louis SouthwBtn- • l^H
L Sowestn pfd ' 35 ij
Bt Paul 12.400 146 T 4 145"6 146%
Pi Paul pfd 17s
Southern Pacific... 25.K0O 52^ 61 *i 51%
Southern Railway. 13.300 23ft 22«» 23 ¦
Southern Ry pfd... S.10O 85", . 84 84«i
Texas & .Pacific... 4.S0O 27^ 27 27V«
To!, St L & West.. 2,700 271; 27 27»i
Tol. St L & W pfd. 200 39% 39 3$^
Union Pacific.'. 20,600 $2 81% 61 %
Union Pacific rfd.. 100 01 91 90%
Wabash 2.000 21 94 21 M 21 V*
Wabash pfd 10,100 40% 40'.i 40»fc
Whe«lin* & L Erie 200 19 19 lg>b
Wisconsin Central. eOO 21*4 21 % 21%
Wis Cent pfd 600 47?« 47% 47
Express Companies —
Adams .... «23
American 195
United States ...". 100 110 lio" 110
« e Us Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Apia! Copper 27.200 51 1* 80^ 50%
Am Car & Foundry 2.20© 21% 21 °1
Am Car & F pfd.. 1,400 72 71*i 71
Am Linseed Oil io»i
Am Linseed Oil pfd 27%
Am Locomotive .. 18.400 23 21%' 2"%
Am Loco pfd 2,000 80% 80 r 79*4
Am Smelt & Ref. . 2.000 51% 50% 51'
Am Sm & Ref pfd. 6,000 93-"i 8"i. 03%
Am Surar Refining 25.500 130Ti 129'i 1295i
Anaconda Min Co. 5O0 ' 74 74 74
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 3.800 B0>-4 49% 49*i
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 4.000 34% 31 32U
Ccl & Hock • Coal.. ¦' 3,700 ' 16% 15&4 15a'
Con Gas 1,000 195U 19514 105%
Gen Electric "... ISoi
Int Paper r*O Y$% is% 13%
Int Paper pfd 200 66% e6«i ««%
Int Pump _ ' «!?
Int Pump pfd'.."... "..." £5
National Biscuit .. 200 40 40 39%
National Lead .... ICO 16U ltfU 16U
North American .. 800 89% 8S% 8S%
Pacific Mail 900 30 u 2K% 2ft
People's Gas 4.MO 1P2% ICG ' 102
Preyed Steel Car. : 2.700 32% 31% 32%
Pressed gt Car rfd 3W 72 14 71 r£ 72
Pulhnan Pal Car »{s
Republic Steel 1,100 Rv; "gii " g
Rrpuhlic Steel pfd. 1,700 47% 46% 47
Rubber Goods 5.300 22U 21 '4 21%
Rubber Goods pfd. 20i) 791^ 79 79
Tonn Coal & Iron. 3,9<X> 41 4^4 \40U
u S Leather 1.300 K 7% \73 r
V S Leather pfd... 3.100 79*4 78 79
I" S Rubber 3,200 14"* 14 14
U. 8 Rubber pfd... 1.500 5«s 51% H^
7- s steel rM 12,400 r.s-4 88% 5R%
Western L'nion ... 200 S9 £$-+ SS*4
Tntal sale*.... 504. r^O share?.
UNITED RAILKOADS OF PAN FRANCISCO
NEW YORK. Jan. 27.— Bond transactions:
• Jilted Railroads of San Francisco, 23,000 at
?*y 01 %.
AMERICAN CAX COMPANT.
w^^Sl &?J askedt u 50 - Prefetred -
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.lO5V4!L & N unified 4s. 9^%
Do coupon 1^514' Man con gold 4s Ki3'«
Do 3b reg 10«J iMex Cent 4s 70?»
.Do coupon 107 ' Do l«t inc 15
Do new 4s reg. 132% 'Minn & St I. 4s 97
Do coupon ia3»4;M K & Tex 4s 07 -i
vDo-old ; 4E rtg:.VfI\i\ Do 2is .. 81
DO coupon 1071,4 XR of Mex con4s. 7tt
Do 3s rtg Kill. N Y C gen . f J%s.. 08
Do coupon lOlij N J C gen 5s... .131
Atch gen 4s 100 iNor i J ac 4s I0314
Do adj 4s B»% Do 3s 73
Atlantic C L 4s. 04 'Nor & W con 4s. 97%
Bal & Ohio 4s 101% OSL 4s & panic— 05%
Do 3> a s 04 "i Pa conv 3' a s 90».
Central of Ga 5s. 105Tg! Reading pe n 4^., jxj^
Do 1st inc 70% !S L & I Mcon 5s.ll2%
Ches & Ohio 4Vis.lO3>4|S L & S F fg 4s 83%
Ch\ & Alton 3%s. 77 jSt Loui« SW lsts. 93^.
C B4Q new 4s. 93*4 IPeaboard A L 4s «S
CM & StPpn 4S.108 S o Pacific 4s \ 89%
C £r NW.con 7*. 13m ! So Railway 5s... 113ai
C. R I & Pac 4s. 72?4!Tex & Pac lsts. .116V.
I>o col 5e 81 T. St L & TV 4s.. 71 iZ
C.C.C & SLgn 4s. 97 Union /Pacific 4s.l32v4
Chi Term 4s 82 Do conv 4s.... Ol.\
Cons Tobacco 4s. CO%!L' S Fteel 2d 5s . 741;
Colo & So 4f S0%:Wabash lsts .. 11514
Den & Rio G 4s. 98 Do deb B. . 67»i
Erie prior lien 4s. «S% W & L Erie 4s. 00%
Do gen 4s M>s; WU Cent 4s SOtJ
F W & D C !.«t».l«4% C F & I conv 5s. 73 <
Hockin* Val 4%S.1O5 ' J
Iron closed at 49s Od in Glasgow and at 42s
3d In Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron was more or
lej-s nominal. No. 1 foundry. Northern, $15
@16; No. 2 foundry. Northern, $14@15; No. 1
foundry. Southern, and No, 1 foundry. South
ern soft, $13 75@14 25.
N^W YORK. Jan. 27. — The London tin mar
ket was rather irregular. Spot Hdvanced 6s to
£127 15s and futures were 5s 6d , lower at £12S
5?. !The local tin market was quiet at $23 25@
28 50. . / -
Copper advanced from 10s to 12s in the Lon
don market, closing at £56 10s and £50 12s t'd
for Ef-ot and futures, respectively. Locally
the rr.arltet was quiet and nominally un
changed. Lake,_$12 62>^'§'12 C7V4: electrolytic,
$12 50^12 75: casting. $12 37^12 67^.
Lead was unchanged at £11. 11s 3d in Lon
don and $4 eoji'4 65 In the local market.
Spelter. was steady at $4 n5R5 05 In the New
York market, but advanced Ss to £21 17s 6d
In London. • . . \
A 7 etc; York Metal Market.
The Ophir Mining Company paid its 25c divi
dend j-CBterday.
The. American Dintrict Telegraph Company
paid a dividend of 1 per cent January 22. Thi« r
wa? a reduction of one-quarter of 1 per cent
from the Previous payment.
The Bank Commissioners have granted a.
license to the newly organized Mechanics' Sav
ings Bank of Sa,n Francisco, which will open
for business February 1. The capital is $250,
000. of which $125,000 is paid up. J. O'B. Gunn
is president, George D. Gray and George- F.
Lyon vice presidents and Fred H. Clark secre
tary and cashier.
Most of the business on the Bond Exchange
was in bonds, which sold well, but stocks
met with little attention. Trading on the Oil
Exchange was remarkably light, consisting of
a single sale of Home Oil at $1 12ft. There
was a sale of *27.(X!v United Railroad* bonds
at 5SO 50.
Bonds Sell Well, but Stocks Arc
in 'Light Demand.
WHEAT— There was nothing new from
abroad except stormy weather tn the Argen
tine.
Chicago continued to fluctuate sharply, ad
vancing from $ri!4c to 90%c and falling bads
to S3?jic. It was still an Armour market.
Cables were dull, the world has plenty of
Wheat, t^e country movement is liberal and
there is nothing urgent in the cash situation.
Futures were higher, but the cash grain was
unchanged.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 38%@l 42%; California
White Australian. $1 45@1 50; Northern Club,
$1 3S9S<gl 41i,i: Northern Bluestem, SI 47%@
1 00; Oregon Valley. $1 40. "
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a^ m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 3b% $138% $138% $1 3S^
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Clcse
May $1 3SH $1 3SV4 r *1 3S $138
BARLEY — The market showed more anima
tion yesterday as far as tone was concerned,
as the dry weather is at last beginning to
affect it. Scot business ¦ was dull, but all
holders asked $1 12Vi for the best Feed. Fu
tures were higher.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 10#l 12^; Shipping and Brew
ins. $1 15@1 17}i; Chevalier. $1 17^@1 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. , Low. Close
May $1 OS** $1 OSHi $1 08*4 $1 OSvs
2 p.' m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 OSft H 08% $1 08£ $1 C'S'i
December . . 1 05 1 05 1 05 1 06
OATS — There were large arrivals of 14.600
ctls from the north yesterday. The market
was quiet and unchanged. '
White, $1 20® 1 35; Black. t\ 25©1 55; Red.
$1 20@l 32H for feed and ?1 25<g!l 35 for eeed;
Grays. $1 32 »£ per ctl. ¦ v - .
CORN— Rules very firm at full 'figures. The
demand is good.
Western sacked $1 27H@1 30 for Yellow,
$1 27H@1 30 for White and $1 25 for
Mixed; California large Yellow, $1 35; email
round do. $1 40S1 50; White. $1 35 per ctls
Egyptian. '$1 45@1 55 for white and $1 25 for
brown
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—*! 75@ 2 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
BUTTER — Creamery. 2f>fj31c for extras and
26@2Sc for seconds; dairy. 18@22c; stwee But
ter, nominal; cold storage. 18®22c per lb for
ordinary and 23«ji26c for extras.
CHEESE— 10(&llV6c for good to choice new
ar.d 7W*5ft^c for lo'wer grades; Young Amer
icas, ll@12c; Eastern, 15gl6c; Western. 14®
15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 24®25c for choice to fancy
and 22H623C for small and mixed colors; store,
cold storage, 18@19c.
Strictly fancy creamery Butter .continues
scarce and firm and some houses have none
at all. Receipts from Humboldt are down to
nothing and Marin is the chief source of supply
at present. The cold weather is keeping down
the production. The bulk of the fancy creamery
Is selling at 30c flat. Anything above this
figure is tn a small way and anything below it
is where the dealer wants to move the goods
and makes a concession to do It.
The demoralization in Cneese continues.
Prices are unchanged.
. Receipts of Eggs are running remarkably
even and are just enough to keep the market
supplied, while the demand is sufficiently
active to keep them from accumulating. It is
an ideal Egg market, at present. The. lower
grade ranch and store Eggs are still kept up by
the excellent local and shipping demand al
ready mentioned.
Receipts were 40.CCO lbs Buttsr, 9S7 cases
Eggs and 24,400 ibs Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 2S.
Flour, qr sks .. 12,730 Straw, ton* 10
Wheat, ctls .... 2S0:Feed sks 22
Barley, ctls 2.240; Tallow, ctls ... 23«
Oats, ctls 23 Pelts No -237
Corn, ctls 12 1 Hides. No 768
Beans, sks 190 Sugar, ctls .... 770
Potatoes, sks .. 3.265 Leather, rolls... 132
Onions, sks ... 725 Wine gals ... 44.900
Bran, sks 1.000' Quicksilver flks 25
Middlings, sks.. i'.'O Brandy, gals .. 000
Hay. tons 5O7|
OREGON.
Flour, .qr ska . . 2.400 Onions, sks .... 181
Wheat, ctls .... 4.070 Bran sks 1.364
Oats, ctls 4.214 Shorts, sks .... 3,750
Potatoes, sks .. S.-M7
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. 12.$12!Potatoe*. sks .. 638
Oats, ctls 10.2231 Bran, sks 1.430
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 600|
Receipts of Produce.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
IVall-sircct stocks about the same. Cotton higher.
Slight variations in Silver and Exchange.
Wheat and Bafley futures higher and cash Barley firmer.
Oats aud Corn firmly held and Rye steady.
!Ia\- and Feedstuff s. firm at previous quotations.
Xo further change in Beans and Seeds.
rine Butter scarce and firm. Cheese still in ovcrsupply.
Uggs selling oft zcell at steady prices.
Provisions unchanged, here end at Western points.
Ctittlc, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
Potatoes firm and Onions higher.
liry cutting down receipts of southern Vegetables.
Poultry selling well. Game slow- and thin.
Supplies of Oranges in excess 6f the demand.
Sugar marked dozen 10c.
Slight variations in Stver and Exchange will
be observed.
Sterling Exchange sixty days.... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86^4
Sterling Exchange, cables ..•' — 4 87 1 ,-a
New York Exchange, sight .... — 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 65 T 4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44 © 45
Exchange and Bullion.
No. 2 red. 04c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duiuth. 99%c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Mani
toba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
steady and for a time advanced on strong Chi
cago support toward noon under reports Of
larger Argentine offerings and room pressure.
Later the market was dull and unsettled, clos
ing easy. %c decline. May closed 91%c; July
closed 91 %c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOI — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw. nominal : refined, dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 invoice.
STic: mild, steady; Cordova. S^@13',4c. The
market for coffee futures closed steady at a
net advance of 5 to 10 points. December sold
at O.C5c, this being the first tlnv in four years
that any option has eold to the pine^cent mark.
Sales were reported at 259.000 bags. March,
8.00<ffS.C5c; May. 8.20@S.30c; Ju:y. 8.50@8.55c;
September, S.70®8.S5c; December, 8.95S9.C5c.
DRIED FRUITS.- ; v
EVAPORATED APPLES— Th^ market* is
quiet, but attractive fruit is iteadlly I held.
Common. 4iff5c; prime, 5»4@5V4c-; choice, 5V64?
6c; fancy. t5K.#7c. ;
PRUNES — Are said to be attracting some
speculative demand, though trade generally la
quiet. Quotations range from -Si-figOVic, ac
cording to grade.
APRICOTS — Are firm on a fair demand.
Choice are quoted at O^iSiWc; extra choice,
9%<H10V,ic. and fancy, ll@15c.
PEACHES— Are quiet but steady, with
choice held at 7H@T*;c; extra choice, 7%@8c,
and fancy, S@10c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
.. WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 27.— Wheat— Unchanged,
Bluistem, 79c; club. 7Se.
PORTLAND; Jan. 27.— Wheat— Walla Walla.
7£@75c; bluestem, "OpSOc; valley. 7SV4@80c.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Marker.
was wanted, and quite a quantity of poor stock
was still on hand at the close. . .
Game: arrived lreely and sold slowly at easy
prices, most of the stock being poor and thin.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 18®21c per lb:
live Turkeys, 15@17c per lb; Geese, per pair.
$2@2 25; Goslings. $2@2 25; Ducks. $3 5O@U
per dozen for old and $4 50*55 for young; Hens.
$5 5O@8 50 for large and $4 50@5 for small;
young Roosters, $6&G 50; old Roosters. $3ig'5 50:
Fryers. $5 5006; Broilers, $565 50 for large
and $»@4 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per
dozen for old and $2 25@2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. $2 <S 3 per . dozen;
Canvasbaclc $3@4; Sprig $1 50@l 75; Teal.
$1: widreon, "$i : small Ducks. TScftJl;
Gray Geese. $3; White Geese, 75c@
$1 25; Brant, $1 25 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. $4 50 for large and $3 50 for small:
English Snipe. $3; common Snipe, $1 50; Wild
Doves, $1; Rabtflts. $2 for Cottontails and
31 23 for Brush; Hare. $1 25@1 50.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%fl$
7c per lb; White Lead. O$a®7c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — Prices are 10c lower all around.
The Western Sugar Refining Company quotes
as follow?, per lb. in lUO-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 3.55c: Powdered,
5.40c; Candy Granulated. 5.40c; Cry Granulate.!.
fine, 5.30c: Dry Granulated, coarse, 3.30c: Fruit
Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulated (100-lb bass
only), 5.1Cc: Confectioners* A 5.30c; Magnolia
A, 4.00c; Extra C. 4.S0c; Golden C. 4.70c;
*'D," 4.60c: barrels, 10c more; naif barrels, 25c
mere; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more
for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels. B.SOc;
boxes. 6.t)5c; H. & E. Crystal Dominos. 8.30c
per lb. No orders taken for less than seventy
five barrels or its equivalent.
TURPENTINE— $Sc per gallon In cases »nd
S2c In drums and Iron barrels.
SPOKANE. Jan. 27.— Clearings, $352,243;
balances. $36,C4s. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1904. \
STOCK MARKET.
No more Western Poultry came in. but them
were quite a few coops on hand that had been
carried over from the preceding day. Receipts
of domestic stock were light and good young
fowl moved off well at. sustained prices. Old
Hens were plentiful and moved slowly- owing
to the competition of Western stock. Two cars
of Weat'erri fall due to-day. Dressed ' Turkey*
arrived freely and met with a- sluggish demand
at unchanged rates. Only the very best stock
Poultry and Game.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Jan. 27. — The offering* at the
woo] auction sales this morning numbered 13,
8T.0 bales, mainly fine merinos. Some superior
Victorian and New South Wales caused ani
mated competition. American buyers secured
several lots of superior merinos and fine cross
bred*. -i " • X .. .
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
FREE
A PORTFOLIO OF
CALIFORNIA VIEWS
To • Want Advertisers
In Next Sunday's Call.
Brins yoar Rd to . The Call
Thursday. Friday and Saturday
of this wee!: and set one of
these pretty little souvenirs.
AUCTION SAiES
£a AUCTION SALE
50— Horses and Mules— 50
By ord«r of Fred Mast of Tolo County and
H. Evans of Butte County we will sell Su
head of HORSES and MULES, weighing from
HOO to 1800 pounds.
Thi* stock Is well broken, in good order and
ready for work.
' Sale TaJtes Place
THURSDAY NIGHT. January 28. at S o'clock.
At 1732 MARKET ST.. S. T.
Stock at yard Tnur3day morning.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Auctioneers.
HAVE YOU BEEIT TO THE AUCTIOS
SALES EOOM?
WJUUU11
AT 19 TURK ST., NEAR MARKET.
Where you can ouy everything, sell anything,
exchange anything, turn old goods into caab;
or. if you have a store or business of any kind.
¦1st it with us and we will find a customer for
you. Our Methods — Prompt Service, Cour-
teous Treatment. Honest Dealings. Ouuida
Auctioneering of all klnda attended to- A.
H. ANDERSON. "Th# Auctioneer." Prop.ADAMS' Irigh Moss Court Balsam help«
from the first dose, cures In a day. 25c. 60c •
Rev. E. R. Dllle of the First Meth
odist Church, Oakland, will speak to
night at the Central Methodist Church
on "Storm Centers in the Next GenV
eral Conference/' Many changes are
being discussed in discipline, notably
on the amusement question, and as
Dr. Dille is very well posted an inter
esting evening is expected. V* 'A ¦
Lecture by Dr. DUle.
The account of John. B. Carson as
guardian of the estate of Reginald and
Eustace Bell, sons of Theresa arid the
late .Thomas Bell, was aproved in the
Probate Court yesterday. Carson's ap
pointment as guardian of Reginald
Bell was revoked, his ward having
become of age on the 24th inst.
Carson's Account Approved.
You may trust Plso's Cure to atop coughs
and relievo sore spots In the luncs. 2Ko. *
Joseph Pereyt, a waiter at the Poodle
Dog restaurant. Mason and * Eddy
streets, fell down an elevator shaft yes
terday afternoon and received a possi
ble fracture of the skull and serious
internal injuries. He was removed to
the Central Emergency Hospital and
later to the French Hospital, where
he now lies in a precarious condition.
Falls Down Elevator Shaft.
General R. H. Warfleld formally
announced yesterday that it Is his in
tention to relinauish on April 1 the
management of the California Hotel,
of which he has been the lessee for
the last ten years. His retirement is
the result of a failure to reach an
agreement with the Macdoiiough In
terests as to the conditions of a re
newal of the present lease, which ex
pires on that date.
Warflcld to Quit Hotel.
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater In stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. 415 Post street. •
The Italian, band, under the leader
ship of Chevalier Emilio Rivela, gave
last night at Lyric Hall the first of
th? four concerts announced before an
enthusiastic audience, that warmly
applauded every piece. Practically
ihf programme was doubled, as every
piece was repeated in response to tre
mendous cheers and - bravos. Since
Creatore no other band or leader has
madir such a hit as Mr. Rivela and
his organization. *
- Rivela is a leader of great intelli
gence and magnetism, and possesses
in a superlative way the power of
reaching impressive climaxes in carry
ing with him both musicians and au
dience. The trombone solos of Wag
ner's "Evening Star," the selection
from "Ernani," thqf'/Pilgrim's Chorus"
from "Lombardi." the sextet from
.'"Lucia" and the famous intermezzo
from Mascagni's "Ratcliff." were the
pieces most applauded.
The second concert will take place
to-night at Lyric Hall, where ,an in
teresting selection will be rendered, in
cluding "Trovatore." "Meflstofele"
and Chopin's "Funeral March."
Shows Himself a leader of Mucii
Intelligence and Personal Mag
netism.
RIVELA'S FIRST CONCERT
IS A GREAT SUCCESS
The Gas Workers' Union has de
cided to ask for an increase of 10 per
cent a dav in wages. The new scale
will ero into effect next Monday. So
far the gas company has not agreed to
the proposed raise, and, should it de
cline, a strike may result.
The rival factions of the Painters'
Union are still warring over the re
cent election of delegates to the Labor
Council, and another election will
probably have to be held.
The Furniture, Carpet and Drapery
Salesmen's Union will give its first an
nual ball on February 3.
The Horseshoers' Union will hold Its
twenty-fifth annual ball at Eintracht
Hall on Saturday evening.
Make Demand on Their Employers
for Advance of 10 Per Cent Over
Present Wnces.
The interior of the Ran Francisco
building will be finished in redwood and
will be ornamented with taste and good
effect.
and the crowds at the ferries are also
included in the views.
GAS WORKERS ASK FOR
. AX INCREASE IX PAY
Floating spots before the Eyes, dim
ness 'of vision and wcilc oyes. cured by
ilurin*" Eye Kemedies. A home cure for
eyes that need can;. Druggists. •
Insolvent Clerk
R. Morris, a clerk, residing in this
city,- filed a petition in insolvency yes
terday in the United States District
Court. He owes $4 2S2 and has no
axs»ts.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces an examination on
*.*pnl 19 at San Francisco for the po
sition of aid. Coast and Geodetic Sur-
Wy. Agent limit. 18 to 25 years. Per
sons who desire to compete should ap
r1« to th«^ United States Civil Service
Oommisyion, Washington, D. C. or to
the secretary of the Consolidated
E«vird of Civil Service Examiners, 301
Jp-ckson street. San Francisco, for ap
plication form 1312. which should be
properly executed ?.nd filed with the
commission at Washington.
Oeodctie Aid Wanted.
ing could be done without blasting.
As a compromise the board recom
mended to the Supervisors that the
blasting be allowed only in case the
firm put up a bond cf $10,000.
SEWER IX BAD CONDITION".
Street Deputy Donovan reported that
the new Sixth street sewer had set
tled from Shipley ttr Harrison streets,
assuming a sway-backed shape be
tween these points, the greatest depth
of settlement being about forty inches.
There is no drainage on Folsorh street
on either side of the sewer and many
cellars are flooded and the side sewer
outlets are choked. The board decided
to install a pump at Clary street to
afford temporary relief.
The petition of the Sunset Club that
H street from Seventh to Fourteenth
be paved and that other improvements
be made" was taken under advisement.
The petition of property qwners on
Trinity street from Bush to Sutter that
the block be paved with vitrified brick
was referred to the city engineer for
report.
• "W. B. Pringle was granted permis
sion to grade Fourteenth street be
tween Alpine and Castro on filing a
bond of $10,000.
The petition of sewer cleaners that
their pay be raised from $4 to $3 per
day was taken under advisement.
The contract for making additions to
the Almshouse Chapel was awarded to
W. A. Newsom for $2920, and that for
yard work for the Noe Valley School
to J. J. Dowling for $3900.
Burglar Story .Exploded.
The "bold" burglar in the residence
of Asa M. Simpson, the millionaire
lumber man, at 2200 Pacific avenue,
concerning whom a taje of daring was
told in an afternoon paper, seems to
have been a myth. According to the
story of the police he was a friend of
the. family, who, in a period of intox
ication, raised what is commonly
termed a "rough house," and police
men were, sent from the North End
police station to eject him from the
premises. Mrs. Simpson, when inter
viewed, told the story of the burglary.
Sergeant Campbell, however, says the
disturbance was created by a man
who is well connected and whose
name is withheld from publication
and that when Police Officer John
Morgan brought him to the station he
was, released after he had promised
to go home. The story that Miss
Edith Simpson found a burglar in her
room and held, him until the arrival
of the police is thus exploded.
Miles Court Is Private Way.
The Supreme Court declared yester
day that Miles court, a cul-de-sac on
property at the no'rtheast corner of
California and Powell streets, is a pri
vate way. 'William Miles laid out the
alley in 1850 for the convenience of
purchasers of his property. Mrs. So
phia Oilflllan fenced off a portion of
the passageway and Phoebe Shattuck
objected. The Board of Supervisors
declared the alley a public thorough
faro and Mrs. Gilfillan sought the aid
of the courts. The lower court de
cided in her favor and that judgment
is affirmed by the Supreme Court.
Drowned Man Found.
The body of a drowned man ivas
found floating in the bay yesterday
near Beale-street wharf. . A briar
pipe, a pair of spectacles, a purse
containing $1 35 and a Christmas cat
alogue of a local stationer were found
in his pockets.- On the back of the
catalogue was written "C. J. Harring
ton, 550 Mission street," and on the
front "320 Myrtle avenue, Thursday/'
The body is- that of a middle-aged
man dressed as a. laborer or mechan
ic and had been in the water about
a week.
"Without seeing the Diamond Palace
would r>e like visltinK Europe -without
Ferine Paris. I«. is a leading feature of
.«in Francisi-n. and is conceded to be the
ino9t beautiful jewelry store In the
world. Visitors or purchasers are equal
ly welcome. "21 Montgomery street, be
iwe*»n Bush and Pine. •
To Visit JSaii IYancisco
Let no one Imagine for a moment that we
do not realize, the magnitude of our under
taking, nevertheless we Relieve that there Is
no human or humane undertaking too great
or too £umd for our citizens to grapple with
successfully. However, we can at best be
humble Instruments In carrying out the wishes
of the people, but we Dromlse this, that we
will search after and enunciate the truth, use
our best efforts at all times to foster peace,
harmony and coed will among men, actuated
only br the desire to do unto others as we
would be done by. Thus guided by the spirit
of Justice, patriotism and fair play, and re
lying upon our fellow citizens for their sup
port and co-operation, we go before the public
strong In the Justice of our cause, in the sin
cerity of our purpose, in the honesty of our
intentions and an abiding faith in our ulti
mate Biictepo. hacked as It will be by In
domitable perseverance.
Thin is the purpose of. our association, and
we shall commence immediately tf» Invite, the
public to attend frte lectures and distribute
free economic j literature bearing upon thin
subject and prepare the way for legislative
action upon our proposed arbitration meas
ures.
FREE LECTURES PLANNED.
w> find also that many commercial bodies
and influential citizens of San Francisco have
indorsed this movement, as well as the State
and county officials, clergy., commercial bodies,
public meetings and prominent educational,
professional and business men throughout Ore
gon and Washington.
Encouraged by this great and growing,
healthy and progressive public sentiment
against industrial warfare and In favor of har
monious industrial co-operation of all con
cerned—the employer, employe and the public
— we, the members of the National Industrial
Peace Association, through our beard of di
rectors, appeal to the general public and es
pecially to the patriotic and public spirited
citizen* of San / KraJicisco. to kIv eus their
most fr&rncst support In O3.rny Inu to 0 success™
ful Issue the work we have undertaken.
President Benjamin I. Wheeler of the Uni
versity of California says: "You may count
me ps thoroughly in favor of th» work which
you have in hand. I believe that the only way
to nrevent the terrible losses— economical and
spiritual — which are Incidental to strikes, boy
cotts, lockouts, and the like. Is to bring people
nearer to mniiiinn understanding and sym
pathy by promoting patient discussion and ar
bitration."
ENCOURAGED BY PUBLIC.
The National Industrial Peace Association
hap been organized and incorporated, not in
haste nor at the prompting" of thoughtless im
pulse, but after a careful and thorough Inves
tigation of the work already done throughout
the States of Oregon and Washington and a
rareful and Intelligent canvass of public opin
ion In San Francisco, all of which goes to
fhow that the' employers and employes and
the general public desire to end the Incessant
struggle foV supremacy that has bean waged
between capital and labor and carried beyond
the endurance of a generous and indulgent
public.
We are convinced from the evidence pro
duced under the eeal of the most Intelligent
and conservative trades unions representing
varied branches or Industry, and the written
Indorsements of national trades union presi
dents and official labor papers, that a great
majority of the labor men are In sympathy
with the effort we are about to make In behalf
of harmony and the submission of all future
disputes to arbitration without the disruption
of business.
i An organization under the name of
the National Peace Association, with
headquarters in this city, has been
formed with the avowed purpose of
harmonizing the differences between la
bor and employer. The board of direct
ors is composed of the following well
chosen men and women, whose posi
tions fit them thoroughly to act as a
barrier against aggression on one side
and oppression on the other. They are:
George H. Foulks, president; M. J. Kel
ler, first vice president; Dr. C. C. Baker,
second vice president; General Theo
Reichert, treasurer; P. H. Scullin, sec
retary and manager; Rev. George C.
Adams, Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger, Rev.
Bradford Leavltt, Rev. John Hemphill,
A. L. Valleau, R. G. Guyett, Marshall
A. Frank, R. C. Schaffter, Mrs. Jeanne
E. Francoeur, corresponding secretary;
Miss Gertrude Williams, recording sec
retary.
The following address has been is
sued by the association:
Headquarters, San Franci«co.
To the Citizens of San Francisco and of Cali
fornia: '
Moving pictures will also illustrate
the industrial establishments of San
Francisco, the flour mills, factories, etc.
Th*> school life of the city and the work
of the technical schools, like the Lick,
Cogswell, Polytechnic High and Wil
merding schools, will be displayed. In
cluded in the flouring and grain indus
try show of San Francisco will be the
warehouses and dr>cks at Port Costa
and all accessories of the industry that
are around the shores of San Francisco
Eay. The fire department, the police
There will be moving views of the
street venders of winter-grown flowers,
of thc newsboys at work, of the park
playground on Christmas day, of the
Olympic Club members in the surf at
the ocean beach near the Cliff House
on Christmas day. There will also be
exhibited in large figures and letters
the reports of the San Francisco tem
peratures as given by thc United States
Weather Bureau for the Christmas
week.
The review of thousands of school
children on Van Ness avenue by Presi
dent Roosevelt will be one of the strik
ing views. A globe eight feet in diam
eter will show the geographical posi
tion of San Francisco as related to all
established lines of travel. The moving
picture of the water front of this city
will be on a 500-foot film. Looking at
this the spectator will get a perfect
idea of the great variety and number
of vessels employed regularly in carry
ing on the commerce and business of
this port.
The views of the Christmas markets
of San Francisco, which have been pre
viously mentioned, will be enlarged and
handsomely colored. On a bulletin near
the market show will be enumerated all
the fruits and vegetables that are sold
in San Francisco in the open air during
the holiday season.
MOVING VIEWS OF STREETS.
While the money part of the San
Francisco enterprise is receiving at
tention. Secretary Colburn says that
San Francisco will make a first-class
exhibit on its own account. In addition
to the great map of the bay of San
Francisco and of all points upon its
shores, there will be a great array of
moving and stationary pictures, pano
ramas, etc., that will illustrate San
Francisco commercially and as a man
ufacturing city, and will also point out
all its characteristic features to the ex
position crowds that visit the San
Francisco building.
FIRST-CLASS EXHIBIT.
The fund for the San Francisco exhibit
at St. Louis is coming in so well that
Secretary Colburn says there is no
doubt that the money that is necessary
will be raised. The appropriation of
$15,000 by the Supervisors of San Fran
cisco will pay for the building that the
city will erect directly opposite the
main entrance to the exposition
grounds. Probably there will be raised
by subscription not less than $5000 this
week. The clearing-house system of
getting the needed coin to put San
Francisco in the forefront of individual
California counties showing at St.
Louis is working well. Letters are be
ing cent out from the headquarters of
the executive committee for San Fran
cisco in which banks and business firms
and capitalists are informed what the
committee expects to receive. No esti
mate made by the committee of the ex
tent of financial support which indi
vidual business houses or banks will
be willing to give to the cause has been
reversed.
A representative of the Pavers' Union
addressed the board regarding the bad
condition of the pavements adjacent to
the car tracks on various streets. He
stated that there was a lockout of pav
ers by the United Railroads and the
work of repaving had been neglected.
The board will communicate with the
corporation with a view to having the
track portions of the street put in good
condition.
The board refused to grant a permit
to the California Stevedore Company
to blast on the northerly half of Lortl
bard street, from Sansome to Mont
gomery, on the ground that the grad-
The petition of the California Steve-,
dore Company for permission to grade
oh Lombard street from Saiisome to
Winthrop was i denied for the reason
that the block -Is now far below the
present official grade.
The board ordered grades to be
changed at certain points on Piedmont
and Minna streets.
The board approved the "city, engi
neer's maps showing the lands granted
by the Fresno Land Company for the
extension of Fifth avenue to the Pre
sidio and lands granted by the Lang
Company for the opening of Shrader
street from Carl to Parnassus avenue. '¦
DEXIES -GRADING PERMIT.
The Board of Public Works yester
day declared vacant the position of
city architect, held b>-W. J. Cuthbert
son,, and the salary attached to which
is $250 Der month. , The board there
upon adopted a resolution appointing
Will D. Shea city architect, his ap
pointment to take effect this morning.
Shea is a member of the firm of Shea
& Shea, architects.
The board appointed Russell L. Dunn
special assistant engineer for the Spring
Valley Water Company Investigation
and the fixing of water rates by the
Board of Supervisors, with special dow
er to represent the Board of Works at
the investigation in connection with
the city engineer. Dunn's salary was
fixed at $150 per month. Commissioner
Casey voted against Dunn's appoint
ment, saying he could see no necessity
for his employment. •
The board appointed L. W. Rcrbin
son apd ; P.' DIehling to be janitors.
The following appointments were also
made: Elevator operator, J. H. Camp
bell, vice Samuel Hainey, removed;
foreman, John Butler, vice John W.
Murphy, removed; hydrantman, O.
Pellegrini, vice James Hopkins, re
moved. , ........
Questions regarding the accuracy of
the appraisement occupied some time.
Mr. Oelrichs when asked if it were not
a ijLCt that while the estate was ap
coraised at about $3,000,000 it was worth
tumble that amount was unable to give
a definite answer. He said that the
estate consisted of ranches, mines and
city property, the value of which fluctu
ates from time to time and it is im
possible to estimate exactly what it
was worth at the time of the death of
y'ir. and Mrs. Fair. He reiterated his
statements made at the previous ses
gion that the parents of Mrs. Fair had
been dealt with honestly and nothing
kept from "them which it would be Id
th*>ir advantapp to know. The hearing
vrill be resumed Monday, when one o*
the physicians who performed the au
topsy will be called.
None of the legacies enumerated in
the wills of Charles L. Fair a 3d Mrs.
Caroline D. Fair have ever been paid,
but they have been purchased by Mrs.
Oelrichs and Mrs. Vanderbilt and the
amounts represented by them turned
over to the legatees.
Mr. Oelrichs 6tated that he was op
posed to an autopsy held on the bodies
of Mr. and Mrs. Fair. On the advice of
.tis attorney. Reuben H. Lloyd, he had
consented to have an autopsy per
formed. At that time the Tritnees had
Just finished the long litigation over
the estate of James G. Fair and In
crder that no bogus claims be intro
duced he followed the advice of his"
attorney. It was not held, however,
•with any viw of determining yhich of
the parties died first.
Hermann Oelrichs occupied the stand
during the taking of depositions in the
Fair contest before Court Commissioner
Hosroer yesterday. He was subjected
to a rigid cross-examination, during
the course of which he stated that ha
did not know whether or not Joseph
Harvey ran a poolroom at Sausalito.
EC Charles L. Fair had any money on
deposit either in this city or in New
York at the time of his death the wit
uess knew nothing regarding it, as the
amount on deposit here was carried by
an overdraft.
Many New Features Promised
to Illustrate the Institu
tions and Industries of City
Only Permitted at the Urgent
i Request of Attorney Lloyd
as a Measure of Safety
Russell Dunn to Be Its Rep
resent.itive at Supervisors'
Investigation of W T ater Works
Many Prominent Names Are
Attached to Directorate of
the Recently Started Intent
OPPOSED TO AN AUTOPSY
NAMES SPECIAL ENGINEER
ALL REPLIES FAVORABLE
ARBITRATION IS URGED
Board of Public Works Selects
Will I). "Shea to Succeed W.
J. Cuthbertson in Position
Colburn Reports Outlook Is
Good to Kaise Money Needed
for San Francisco's Show
Hermann Oelrichs States That
There Was Xo Money on De
posit at Time of the Accident
Miss Frances Allen, Wallace Alexander,
Faxon Atherton. Mr. and Mrs. Gaston Ashe,
Mlse Suzanne Blapdlnff, MUs Helen Bailey,
Miss Jennie Blair, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Por
ter Bishop, Mr. and Mrs. K. D. Beylard, Mr.
and Mrs/ George Boyd, L. Brengle, Will Breeze,
Herbert Bonlfleld. H. P. Bowie, Allan Bowie,
Eveiett Bee, Mason Ball. Miss Lucy Gwin
Coleman. Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss Persls Cole
man, Miss Cornelia Campbell; Miss Maye Col
burn, .Miss Claudlne Cotton, Mr. and Mrs.
Donald Y. Campbell. William B. Collier Jr.,
Bruce Cornwall, Fred Coon, J. Early Craig.
Herbert Carolan, Eugene de Coulon. LiOuis de
Toulon; Lieutenant H. M. Cooper, U. S. A.;
Miss Gertrude Dutton, Miss Mabel Dodge, Dr.
and Mrs. de Vecchi, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Don
ohoe, Mr. and Mrs. Norrls Davis, Count du
Pare, Mr. and Mrs. Perry Eyre, Mr. and Mrs.
Edward Eyre; Dr. B. J. Edger, U. S. A.; Perry
Evans, Lieutenant Fuchs, Mr. and Mrs. G. Fra
zer. the Misses de Gulgne, C. de Guigne; Dr.
and Mrs. J. C. Gregory. U. S. A.: Carlton
Greene, Edward M. Greenway, Miss Ellse
Gregory, Richard Glrvln. Count Grlmanl, Mlsw
Elizabeth Huntlnjjton, Miss Marian Hunt
lngton. Miss Alice Hager. Miss Ethyl
Haeer, Miss Frances Harris. Miss Gulnette
Henley, Miss Herrick, Miss Frances Howard,
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Hill. Mr. and Mrs. Pax
f>n Howard, Mrs. Harrington. Mrs. Malcolm
Henry, Mr. and Mrs. Horatio Hellman, M-r.
and Mrs. George Howard, Charles Webb How
ard. Eugene Hewlett, Dr. R. L. Hale. Harry
Holbrook, Robert Huie, Edward Hule, Rlehard
HarrUon. Edward Howard, W. Reginald Hodg
kln, J. Hicks; Captain J. V. Heldt. U. S. A.:
Dr. G. Hogue, V. S. A. : L. J. Harkness. Mr.
and Mrs. A. Holden; Dr. John W. Hanner,
IT. S. A.: Lieutenant D. Haurahan. U. S. A.;
Miss Irwin. Miss Josselyri: Captain Frederick
Johnston. U. S. A.; Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Keyes,
Miss Genevleve King. Miss Hazel King, Frank
B. King. Allen Kittle. Mica E. Lewis. Mies
Pearl Landers, Mrs. Gerrit L. Lansing. Lieu
tenant and Mrs. Victor Lewis, Mr. and Mrs.
L. Lovey. John M. I>>wis>. John Lawson. E. La
nel; I>r. N. J. Lyster. V. S. A.: George L^wls.
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Martin. Miss Eleanor Mar
tin, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Martin, Miss Marga
ret Mee. John Hubert Mee, Miss Edith Miller,
Miss Grac* -Martin, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Meyer,
Miss Meyer. MIsp Edith Muir. Miss Helen
Murlscn. Mls» Sallle Maynard. Mr. and
Mrs. Fred McNear, Miss Lily McCalla.
Miss Stella McCalla, Brockway Metealf. Clar
ence McKlnstry, E. T. Messersmith. Dr. de
Marville, Cecil Marrack. Edwin McATee. Dr.
FlPtchT McNutt. Addison Mlzner. Miss Mar
garet Newhall, Mr. and Mrs. James Otis, Miss
Lily O'Connor, Victor O'Brien, Walter O'Brien;
Lieutenant Olmstead. L". S. A.; Mr. and Mrs.
John Parrott, Miss Emelle Parrott, Miss Abble
Parrott. Miss Christine Pomeroy. Mies Emily
Parks. Miss Nina Pringle. Sidney Pringle. Mr.
and Mrs. Willis Polk, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur
Paga, Edgar Peixotto, Wilfred Page. James
Pringle, K. Piguet Jr., Mr. Quay. Major and
Mr?. J. L. Hathbone. Lloyd Robbins. R. D.
Robbins Jr.. Gerald Rathbone, Ferdinand Rels.
Gaston Rounsy. Joseph Rosborough; Lieutenant
Rockwell, I'. S. A.; Mr. and Mr*. John.D.
Bprecketa Jr., Mlse Grace Ppreckels. Miss
Lily Spreckel*. Miss Alice Sullivan. Miss Ma
bel Symmea, H. T. Scott. Miss -Alice
Schus=pler; Dr. and Mrs. J. L. Shepard, U. is.
A.: Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Kchmledell,. Ernest A.
Strnt: Dr. C Shoddy, U. !?.# A.; Dr. E. D.
Khortlidgo. U. S. A.; Sherlll Schell, Burbank
Pomers. W, Symmes. Sidney Salisbury, John
Sanborn. Will Sanborn, Harold Sheldon; Major
Stephpn=on. \'. 6. A.; Harry Stetnon. Mr.
Schumacher. Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Taylor.
Mr. and Mr*. Will Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Will
TevK Miss Tobin. Mios Elsie Tallant. Phil
Tompkirs. John Twlggn. Dr. Harry Tevl«;
lieutenant J. Taylor, V. S. A.: Dr. Albert
Trilby, C S. A.: Lieutenant Tlnsley, U, s. A.:
T. O. Upliam, Carey Van Fleet, Mr. and Mrs.
Vignler. E. .1. Vopel. Baron and Baroness von
Horst, Mr and Mrs. Brooke WrlBht. JJliw
Paula Wolff, Miss Florence Whittell, Mr. and
Mr«. A. B. Willlamron. Miss Emily Wilson,
MiF"< Woo.ls. Miss Maude Woods, Mr. and Mrs.
Willanl Wayman. Mr. and Mrs. George Whlt
tell. George Whittell Jr.. F. Woods Jr.. George
Woolrlch, Jolin Woolrich. Allen Wright. Wil
liam Wood. Wllberforce Williams, MIsb Tates;
Captain Young. U. S. A.: John Young, Mr.
and Mrs. F. Zane, Dr. Eugene Zelle, John
Zeile.
From the center of the ivory ceiling,
studded with yellow lights, hung a
gigantic basket, freighted with branches
of bamboo; above it a bamboo raft
was suspended, holding aloft lanterns
of deep yellow and an infinite number
of Chinese flowers. These hung in long
strands, their gaudy lengths waving
over the g*ay throng as if bestowing
benisons upon it. Palms,, cool and se
ductive, rose here and there about the
ballroom, and at the far end stood a
temple gate — it might have been Con
fucius' own— and from behind it the
music makers sent forth merry melody.
Mr. and Mrs. Borel, assisted by their
two charming daughters, received their
guests — to the number of nearly three
hundred— in the Conservatory room,
which had been transformed Into a
beautiful garden.
Supper was served in the Maple room
at small tables— 'yellow as to color
scheme — and In the Alarble room at a
large horseshoe shaped table brilliant
with red blossoms.
The following guests were present:
Brilliant with the hangings and trap
pings of the Far East and freighted
with the breath of lilies and lotus, the
Borel ball at the Palace last night will
linger long in the memory as a vision
of Oriental splendor.
By Sallle Sharp. (
Xew Organization Formed to
Arbitrate Disputes Between
Employes and Workingmen
FAIR'S ACCOUNT
OVERDRAWN
WILL ATTEMPT
A SETTLEMENT
EXHIBIT FUND
GROWING FAST
APPOINTS NEW
CITY ARCHITECT
GREAT SPLENDOR
SHOWN AT BOREL
BALL LAST NIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. JANUARY -28. 1904.
Some very swell weddlnc Invitation* com*
Uom Knowlea, 24 Second street. Main 693. •
Ida Theresa Green, sister of Mary
Green, an alleged Incompetent, peti
tioned the court yesterday to be ap
pointed guardian of the person and
estate pf her sister. A similar peti
tion was filed a few days ago by W. H.
Green, her brother.
Would Be Their Sister's Keeper.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOW GOING ON
Suits, Coats,
Waists, etc.
Immense Reductions
Prices Will Astonish Everybody
Armand Cailleaujnc.
112=114-116 KEARNY ST.
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephone Mais '6023.
Our new Candy Department Is already
very popular, due to the fact that w« carry
a larxe line, a full assortment of only
the beat candies. Come in and aee few
yourself. - .
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER. 2 squares for. .£5c
Gr?at Inducement owlnff to sharp ad-
RANCH 'EGGS, 2 dozen far 55c
Only best Fetaluma and Santa Rosa
KOnTcOFFEE. per Ib 20c
llfg. 2.1c. Kconomical housewives are
all watching for this.
PURE BEESWAX CANDLES, 4 to ths lb—
Per lb. 40c. Re«r. 50c.
Rememb<?r Tuesday Is Candlemas.
FANCY NAYEL ORANGES—
Our price UOc per doz. Why pay more?
ORANGE MARMALADE, per jar 20c
Reg. 23c. Crosse & Blackwell, London.
EVAPORATED CREAM, 3 cans for 25e
Kcr. 10c each.
The Jersey brand, put up In Valley
Forge. None so pure as this. ¦ ¦ * ¦¦ •
CALIFORNIA CREAM CHEESE, per Ib. .15c
Re*. 20c. Full cream. .
EVAPORATED APPLES, 4 lbs for 25c
Res. 10c lb. Nice WatsonvlHe stock.
IDEAL COFFEE POTS, No. 7 $t.15
Keg. $1. ."><>. Owtnc to overstock, of this
size we reduce the price. Makes enough
coffee fi»r eight people.
WHISK BROOMS 20c
Ren. 3fK-. Made from flne Eastern corn.
BARBEE BOURBON. per bot 75c, gal $3.00
-Reg. $1 to $4. Fure and old.
HUNTER RYE, per bot (1.00
Reg. $1.25.
French and Italian Vermouth, per bot. .55c
Regr. 65c.
PORT AND SHERRY per bot 25c, gal $1.00
Reg. 35c and f l.."O. ¦
Rich old wines at this pocular flxure.
You can ct ua quickly always. Have
another new telephone wire.
We are again in our build-
Market and 10th Streets
with a clean, up-to-date
stock of vehicles.
KONQp o .
THE BOARD OF
LONDON WINE MERCHANTS 1
HAS SELECTEO
DRYMONOPOLE
AS THE BEST
CHAMPAGNE IN THE
/S WORLD. • J>
hale's. i J rrr~ — -
CMt9» it ""^^ pliqucd; some in plain colors.
Enameled Ware Extras New gold and gilt trimmed belts.
'4 at. Berlin saucepans 31c. ... , nx ~
Z -. D ,. / New silk gloves.
5 qt. Berlin saucepans joe.
iy 2 qt. teapots 35c. New lace stockings.
12 qt. dishpans G^c. v , , .,_„;,.=
' r o New dress chaihes.
A'o. 6 teakettles 69c
2 qt. milkpans i;c. New cottons, foulards, mercer-
T ~ , ak , V ized sateens, cotton bourettcs.
12 qt. soup pots 65c. ,
The list is long. These are New hat shapes. Put a
enough to show you how inter- bunch of violets on them and
esting and how unusual. We a bit of trimming— a springy,
got in several thousand pieces inexpensive hat.
this month with which to do Oh, the new things! How
business. The good gray dou- inspiring, how refreshing they
ble-coated kind — the most* sat- are — and plentiful at Hale's!
isfactory kitchen ware we -
know of, which we are partic- — . •„«,.
ularly fortunate to have un- Fur Trimming^
der price. "Fur will fly to-day."
We never asked such low , We have decided to close out
prices before. ¦ our present stock o f f ur trim-
And never such a variety. If mI and make thc rid .
the U m now ' S " PP * danc * &4 and thorough we
Tin pot covers, all sizes, xc. ha T f c markcd W^M * °™
, * *• -iu u in uniform price.
1 qt. tin milk kettles gc. r
Tin colanders gc. 9c yard
Wringers $1.65; regular price Fur trimmings sold regularly for
$-y - n " *" 2^c, 35c, 50c and some of jt 75c
-# 3 U ' ¦ yard. Among them are black As-
¦ trakhan bands, tipped Angoras.
Carpet Foot StOOhs, 55C black, white and silver, black Thi-
Another lot of those low-priced £ et ' , black , Sands' b?!Twn belr
hassocks out to-day. h*nA*. wool seal bands, broun bear
The others went qUlc k. We knew «<$"« trim-
we would get some more soon. . * vno V" " "/ " v arty j; n ; n «;»ht>
They're made of Axminster and mings with such a bargim in sight.
Brussels carpets, octagonal shapes. 9C >' arcL
They're handy as foot cushions un-
« fooVreJf^fSeVrSe™ 55^ " Welsbach Mantles
Curtain Department, second floor -|0c:oj« jtl5c 30c one. at 25c
~Z . . " " I 50c ones at 35c
rree — Light Hot Luncheon i ts to even up the stocks, and it
For all women visitors to-day will do it in a hurry. It is not
On thc 3d floor at the * often one has a chance to buy gen-
A •.«*,,>....> C 4- 4, c u in c Welsbach mantles under price.
Armour's Extract of But that isn't aii-
Beef Demonstration 15c gas chimneys are 10c.
While you are enjoying the hot * shades are IOC
cup (cream of Peas to-day) the 1?C snaaes arc IOC.
culinary-ist will give you some 25c gas burners are I3C
valuable hints on dainty dishes — »-- ane hurtirrs nre> i(\r
how to make them appetizing with gQS bti^f ° re 39C * .
Armour's Extract of Beef. That'.-; news to make a stir to-
Nothing to sell; day. If you cannot call you are
Your grocer does that. J ust as sate » n telephoning or writ-
' ing for what you want.
Her Ladyship corsets and Miss McCaulcy, cor seller e, to fit tlicm.
MARKS BROS.
MARKS BROS/
..Slaughter Sale..
In Women's Flannelette Wrap-
pers, at about 1-2 off their
manufacturing prices : : : : : :
85 c FLA NNEL - «d»§^
E TTE W R A r- E3m-j^k3i
PER, as pictur- ¦ t.^« '
ed. sells fZOp &&$%(>•*'*
$1.25 FLANNEL- $f|5|^
ETTE WRAP- Ifi^CT
PERS selling i Hil
NELETTEWRAP- AmfflffM&k
PERS selling M$M§MW
$1.65 FLANNELETTE WRAP-
PERS selling to-day $f fQ
for ...'.. . . i^^j L^^
$1.75 and $2.00 FLANNELETTE
WRAPPERS selling to-day *1 nc
for • - ¦-. ....¦• XJ
Wrappers are the products of our
own factory and come in pretty
striped and figured designs. They
are to be had in good washable colors
that are warranted not to fade.
Wrappers are cut full length and
extra wide, made with an unusually
deep flounce, deep hem, fitted rest
lining and the popular Bishop puff
sleeves.
700 dozen FLANNELETTE KIM-
ONAS in pink and blue stripes, similar
to picture, go on Special t)C n
Sale for to-day at ¦' * u °
Just think of the price! At a time
when demand for, Kimonas is greatest
marW-bros.
Honest Values.
1220-1222-1224 Market St.
. Bet. Taylor and Jones. j