VOLUME NGV— NO. 3<i.
PRICE FIVE- CENTS.
Denounce All Things Republican and Outline Policy In
tended to Lead the Minority Party Out of the
Slough of Despond.
OLNEY AND HILL DELIVER
SPEECHES AT IVL'CLELLAN
LOVE FEAST IN NEW YORK
Czar Seeking to Pro
long the Nego
tiations.
Answer to Mikado Is
Indefinite in
Terms.
Tientsin to Be Occu
pied by Russian
Troops.
Japan Alarmed by Ac
tivity of. Enemy's
• N Warships.
RUSSIANS REPLY TO JAPAN'S DEMANDS
IS IN VICEROY ALEXIEFF'S HANDS AND
SOON WILL BE PRESENTED AT TOKIO
TAMMANTS ¦ LEADER, DEMOCRAT; WHO IS BEING "BOOMED" FOR
THE PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATION AND FORMER GOVERNOR
WHO SPOKE AT THE NEW ; YORK ! LOVE FEAST. .
. Continued on Page 2, Colifmn G.
PARIS; Jan.- 4.— The -movements of
the Russian naval division; at -: Bizerta,
Tunis,' 'are % being . closely^, followed . by 4
the "diplomatic representatives of
japan ¦ Will ' Lose Advantage If • Bizerta
* : :,;i Division Reach • Port - Arthur.
WATCHING RUSSIAN SQUADRON.
NEWPORT NEWS, ¦ Va., Jan. 4.— The
barges New. : Jersey and Liberty, .which
left hero in»tow, of the' tug,: Navigator,'
were lostiin. the. storm.'.iBoth are.sup
posed • to ; have , gone .down ,wlth , all on
board.. During; the -storm'the hawsers
parted arid the .barges were "carried out
to sea. ; i On" board/tho Liberty.'; were
Captain;!Peter!Schipp v "and four '.men
and"on : »:V.New. Jersey Captain Elmer
Hamil and a crew. of threr
TWO BARGES AND THEIR
CREWS'! A RE LOST AT; SEA
G'ets a Sentence of Ten Years and Is
Fined $5000 for Writing Threaten
ing Epistles to Railroad.
HELENA, Mont., ¦ Jan. 4.-— Isaac
Gravelle, who was convicted of send
ing threatening letters ,to the North
ern Pacific! Company,: wds sentenced
to-day to ten years in the penitentiary
and. to pay a fineof $5000. This is
the maximum, penalty - for the crime.
Gravelle will be tried for burglary
next. There \ are four Informations
remaining against him, and basis ex
ists for twenty-five actions. If cori^
victed of burglary Gravelle. mayxbe
sentenced for life. ¦ ¦;..• '.'*, _, ' :|
GRAVELLE'S > LETTERS EARN
HIM LONG TERM IX JAIL
Continued on Pugc 2, Column 3,
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— The Navy
Dapartment has been advised by cable
of the. arrival to-day at Chemulpo of
the transport Zafiro, from Manila, with
a company of marines on board. The
commander of the Zafiro will commu
nicate with United States Minister Al
len at Seoul, and If the situation de
mand it the marines will be marched
to the Korean capital for the protec
tion of the American Legation.
Reports of unrest in China and indi
cations that the Peking Government is
inclined to join hands with Tokio in
the event of war between Russia and
Japan have been received at the Stats
Department -with regret. The possibil
ity of China- becoming involved in juch
a conflict presents. It Is said.' a. very
grave -menace to American trade, and
the officials of the- Washington Govern
ment are disposed to bring to bear all
the legitimate moral pressure at their
command, both in St. Petersburg and
in Peking, to preserve peace between
Russia and China, even if war between
Russia and Japan cannot be averted.
.Although no direct representations
have been received at' the State De
partment recentlv from Peking on the
American State Department Wants
Peking to Remain Neutral.
OPPOSES CHINESE ACTIVITY.
No news has been received at the le
gation regarding the Russian- reply; but
it is asserted that .unless, the. reply is
a positive and favorable dec/aration of
Russia's attitude Japan, without fur
ther negotiations, will employ force to
obtain "satisfaction for her demands. .,
, The Korean- Minister' denies that
there "have been riots in Korea.
"I can assure you that order will not
be disturbed. In my' country," said .he,
"and ..'consequently the Japanese .will
never,' have occasion to intervene there.
Why does Europe desire ' the Japanese
The Japanese" Legation here- under
stands that the two warships purchased
by Japan from - Argentina will sail for
th^ Far, East in the latter part of Jan
uary/ "- '
-powers . interested in the Russo-Japa
nese situation. One of the leading dip
lomats said the departure of the di
vision, forces "might prove decisive in
inducing Japan to take speedy action. '*
and * compared Japan's position with
tha.t of the .Transvaal on the outbreak
of the South African war, when the
dispatch of large British reinforcements
induced President Kruger to open hos
tilities.
, It Is pointed out that if this addition
al, division succeed in passing Suez,
Russia's naval strength in Chinese wa
ters will thereafter exceed Japan'?,
their, present ' strength being about
equal, j ;
A dispatch from Blzerta. Tunis, says
the Russian naval division there, or re
cently in- the vicinity, comprised the
armored cruiser ' " Dlmitri Donskoi,
launched in 1883: • the armored cruiser
Oslayba,' launched in 1893; the protected
cruiser Aurora, launched in 1831; a dis
patch boat'destined for Viceroy Alexieff
and. eleven torpedo boat" destroyers of
the 'latest make, having a speed of 26
knots.r . - • - . ¦? ' .....
The .personnel of the division consist
ed of 'S500 officers and -men, under Ad
miral Wirenius. The orders .to the lat
ter were to conduct the division to the
Far East -and -then -to proceed by the
Trans-Siberian Railroad to St. Peters
burg, where he. was- to assume the du
ties of underchief .of the naval staff. A
number of the ships of this division
were still at Bizerta when the dispatch
was pent and others were near that
port, awaiting. the movement of the di
vision as a whole. The Aurora left
yesterday for the Piraeus, and five of
the torpedo-boat destroyers were re
cently at Malta. Viceroy Alexieff *s dis
patch-boat 1 had ': already started for
China. The Dimitri Don«koi and the
Oslayba were at first intended to ac
company the Aurora, but Admiral WI
reneus received orders for them to
await further instructions.
"There is no reason why our terri
tory should be the battleground or why
It should be used as a base of opera
tions for either party when they have
their own territory. Russia has never
given us any reason to suspect she is
hostile to us. Statements to the con
trary are not true. The Japanese Gov
ernment does not wish for war. The
single menacing fact of the situation is
that public opinion is badly informed
and very ambitious. Should the integ
rity of Korea be violated then, under
the pending treaties, we can appeal to
other powers, including the United
States. But I do not believe that will
happen."
to invade Korea? If they are so firmly
convinced that peace will be main
tained you will admit that the armed
intervention of Japan will be absurd
and unjustifiable. We have had thfl
best of political and commercial rela
tions with Japan until to-day. Never
has Japan menaced our independence,
but, on the other hand, she was the
first to recognize it. Admitting that
there may be war between Russia and
Japan, we shall observe strict neutral
ity. In 3uch a case who will be af
fected?
Special . cablegrams from Tokio
printed in this morning's newspapers
have nothing new to report concern
ing the situation in the Far East, be
yond the heavy fall in all securities on
the Bourse, as a result, of which.sev
eral brokers have been ruined and the
bankers rendered exceedingly anxious.
PARIS, Jan. 5.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the, Paris edition of
the New York Herald says the reply of
the Russian Government to the .Japan
ese Government is now in the hands of
Admiral Alexieff, the Russian Viceroy
in the Far East, who will deliver " it
when he considers a ' fitting moment
has arrived. According to the corre r
spondent, .Viceroy Alexieff declares
that Russia has not given up hopeof
a peaceful settlement 'of the " differ
ences between the two Governments.
The correspondent adds: *
"As to whether Russia's reply will
be acceptable to Japan, no one. here
will express an opinion. The replyhas
been carefully considered, and, | from
Russia's, point of view, is , framed in
terms Japan can honorably accept."
The Genoa correspondent of the
Paris edition of the New York Herald
says that the two Argentine warships
built at Genoa . and- purchased , by
Japan cannot sail before January" 25.
The Dally Express says it learns that
,King~Edward is bringing pressure to
bear upon the Czar in favor, of peace.
The 'Express* believes that Japan has
a • most complete .war fund and says
that she will Issue treasury notes," which
American and English /, banks «• have
agreedto support.
LONDON, Jan. ,5. — According, to
the Daily . Telegraph's ¦ correspondent
at Toklo telegrams from Vladivos
tok received there report the Russian
cruiser Gromombo as leaving, presum
ably for Port Arthur, and the impend
ing departure of four^ other cruisers,
while the population is alarmed. at the
incessant arrival of Russian troops. •
TIENTSIN, . Jan. ] 4.— The '¦'¦ Russian
office here j has ¦ informed the, railroad
officials that '.a. -* detachment of 100
Russian -troops will occupy Sin-Min-
Tun, on the railroad running to Shan-
Laikwan, and ' Tientsin, in two • days
from date. . ( '• . " .- .
TWO OF THE ; FOREMOST MILITARY \ LEADERS 6 OF jj THE - JAPANESE i EMPIRE. AND j THE CHINESE CITY
\ : WHICH/ ACCORDING TO'A PRESS DISPATCH. "WILL BE OCCUPIED BY A DETACHMENT OF RUS
' SIAN TROOPS'vVVITHIN FORTY-EIGHT HOURS. ' *
When the children became of age
they demanded their share of the
property, and the , case , was carried
finally to the. United States Supreme
Court, from which the decision -has
just been rendered. *
The decree declares the holdings to
be community property and that the
children are entitled to their shares.
The property is'valued at $150,000. ¦
SPOKANE, Wash.. Jan. 4. — The
United States Supreme Court has ren
dered a decision affecting important
property interests in this city belong
ing to the estate of F. H. Tull. In
1887 F. M. Tull and«his wife left Kan
sas and came West • to make their
home. Tull came to Washington, and
his wife went to California to visit
relatives. Without her knowledge
Tull secured a divorce from the Kan
sas court. She discovered the fact
early in 1888 and at once hurried to
Washington to protect her rights.
Tull had accumulated much property,
and to avoid litigation he agreed to
drorf the matter and the couple were
remarried. Subsequently Mrs. Tull
died. Her husband!s brother had
been acting as guardian .for :the three
children/ William. L. Tull. Ernest B.
Tull and Dora May Dormitzer.
United States Supreme Court Renders
Decision Affecting Spokane
Realty.
TULL CHILDREN GET
VALUABLE PROPERTY
"In matters of foreign , policy the
Democratic party will stand for inter
national morality and decent interna
tional , conduct:, .for observance^, of
treaties and obedience to international
law; for respect for the rights of every,
nation, however small: for refusal to
take by stealth or by robbery what we
have no right to get except by consent
of the owners T 1 for continuing our tra
ditional rrfe as the defender of the
weaker states of this hemisphere, . in-
Olney was introduced as a diplomatist
who had never followed the policv of
"wandering around "the world seeking
quarrels with" weaker nations" and as
the "pride of New : England, but en
throned in the hearts of all his coun
trymen." Olney said:
McClellan, the first speaker, asked his
hearers to Join, with him "in sending
from this Democratic gathering, In this
great Democratic city, the glad news
to our brethren throughout the land,
that we Democrats of New York are
resolute in our purpose to wrest the
State and nation from Republican mis
rule." . : w
The speakers included Mayor McClel
lan, Governor Montague of Virginia,
Mr. Hill, Mr. Towne and Congressman
dc Armond of Missouri. Bourke "Coch
ran was toastmaster.
"While the assumption of the duty
involved , in the government/ of the
greatest city of our " country ¦ 'creates
grave responsibilities, the 1 - impressive
thought cannot be evaded" that ¦ the
manner in which the Democracy of the
city, shall meet its v municipal responsi
bilities will in a large degreV determine
the extent to which our fellow country
men in every part of the land will -be
willing to trust the Democracy of the
nation in broader fields of government
al rule." * *
McCLELLAX PRECEDES OLNEY.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— Democrats of
prominence from the city, State and
nation assembled here to-night at the
dinner at Sherry's in honor of George
B. McClellan, the newly installed Mayor
of New York City. Among those pres
ent were Richard Olney of Massachu
setts, "David B. Hill Of New York, Con
gressman de Armond ..of .. Missouri,
Charles A. Towne, ex-Governor Patti
son of Pennsylvania, William A. Gas
ton of Boston and' Charles F. Murphy,
leader of Tammany Hall. Grover
Cleveland, Judge Alton B. Parker, Sen
ator Gorman of Maryland "and Senator
Morgan of Alabama* sent fetters of re
gret. Mr. Cleveland wrote;
"I very much regret that a vexatious
indisposition prevents 'me from attend
ing the dinner. As a former resident
of New York .City," still Interested In all
that pertains, to- its welfare, I would be
pleased to participate in an event which
will give opportunity for the expression
of a well grounded anticipation of the
civic benefits which should, result from
the triumph 'of the New York Democ
racy. ' ' . „
David B. Hill, was greeted with loud
applause when In his introductory re
marks he eulogized the leadership of
Charles F. Murphy and predicted that
Mayor McClellan would succeed him as
Governor of the State and precede him
in the White House.
Hill characterized the course of
President Roosevelt in the Panama af
fair as a "species of contemptible
machination unworthy of the head of a
great nation." prompted by personal
ambition and a desire to startle and
dazzle the people; part and parcel of a
political scheme to prematurely *force
his own nomination for. the Presidency
and to preclude the consideration of the
name of any other candidate within, his
own party, and "a cheap and a trans
parent play to the gallery." -'•; ¦
Congress, he said, alone had power
t6 declare war, arid yet the spectacle
was .presented rat this hour of the
naval forces of the United States being
used to prevent, a sister republic ex
ercising;, the lawful function of" sup
pressing a rebellion against its legiti
mate authority -within Its own borders.
Hill declared it "the duty of Dcm'oc-'
DAVID B. HILL'S SPEECH.
. "In matters domestic, the Democratic
party .will .repudiate the 'stand pat"
policy and will advocate both economy
in expenditures and such tariff reform
and revision as industrial conditions
'and the ; Interests of the . country at
large demand. On that view it will
•stand. for, a reasonable relation between
governmental* revenues and govern
mental requirements; for clean admin
istration and official conduct free from
every, suspicion o£ graft; for amend
jnent of existing tariff schedules in the
interest- of- the country.
» "The Democratic party could ask for
no, worthier .mission-than to be instru
mental^ restoring to the national life
the sane and, normal conditions upon
which Jts health and stability depend.
i "'Mr. Chairman, the men of all men
most thoroughly representative of the
national policy I have Indicated, the
most: capable and sure of making them
effective— the; opportunity being given*
—the man'of the proven courage !n his
convictions.. who never yet turned his
back upon, the approach of public duty
and laptop, old to. learn how— that man,
unfortunately absent at this time, but
a, New Yorker by adoption if not by
birth, and one whom' New York has
always delighted to honor-that man Is
Grover Cleveland, whose record In th*
past is an all-sufficient guarantee of
his action in the future."
LAUDS v MR. CLEVELAND.
stead, of becoming their, spoliator; for
minding our business generally, with
out-meddling with the internal affairs
of foreign countries, and without mak
ing rumors and trivial events the pre
texts for military demonstrations iin
foreign ports.
BRUSSELS, Jan. 4.— The Hague cor
respondent of Lc. Petit Bleu, one of the
best informed newspapers y in Europe
on matter.! political, reports that, al»
though the decision of the Internation
al Arbitration -.Court* in the Venezuelan
case will not be publisned' before Feb
ruary, it is believed Wclrdes in a posi
tion to judge that, the decision has bscn.
drawn up and that the court will deny
the contention of the blockading na
tions—Great Britain, Germany and
Ital3»— that they are to be regarded as
privileged creditors of Venezuela.
The judgment, however, will allow
the three blockading powers to first col
lect the expenses of the' blockade,
which, it will state, was undertaken in
the public interest. But after the costs
of the blockade are recovered all credi
tor nations will share alike in propor
tion to the amount "of their "adjudicated
claims. Thus, finally,, has been peace
fully arranged the complicated quarrel
which threatened to embroil the world.
During its sessions the tribunal
heard every possible argument in
vor of warlike methods and every
humane reaSoTi^why • creditors -.adopt-
Ing : peaceable' mciTiods should not^ ;be
held- to have forfeited -their right to
equality' of treatment with belligerent
creditors. "~- * * • ..-¦'
No fewer than a dozen nations were
directly interested, and eminent sup
porters of arbitration maintain that this
Venezuela case gained for The Hague
tribunal the recognition and respect
it should receive as the supreme In
ternational' court of peace - and jus
tice.
Its decision will be most important
— a poisoned meat ball thrown to the
dogs of war— for it Hvill establish a
precedent that will directly indicate
the methods creditor nations shall
pursue in collecting claims.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
All Nations to Share Equally in the
Settlement of the .Castro Got-'
ernment's Indebtedness.
Blockading 'Powers Are
Not ta Be Accorded
Preferment.
Venezuelan Case Is
Decided at Ttie
: ffiiue.
TRIBUNAL'S
JUDGMENT
IS READY
down an ore chute. He is still alive
with chances in favor of his recovery-
He is badly bruised and is internally
injured, but the only bones broken
are in one leg.
Mackey owes his life to the fact
that the bottom of the chute is deeply
f.Jlcd wiih muck. '
Frank Maekcy Falls Almost \Five
Hundred l-'cct and Is Alive
Wlien Found.
WALLACE, Idaho, Jan. 4. — Frank
Mackey, u miner at the Morning
mine at Mullan. to-day 'fell 4S0 feet
3IIRACULOUS I25CAPE FROM
DEATH OF IDAHO MIXER
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 4.— Frank An
derson and William Gahagan were ar
rested to-night in a car in the South
ern Pacific yards just before the train
pulled out of the city and are charged
with highway robbery. They were
positively identified by George Bar
nett, who declares that on Saturday
night they robbed him of 524 on Ord
ttrect while he was going to his room.
The three men had been together dur
ing the evening and the accused knew
that Barnctt had money. When he in
sisted on going home they seized and
choked him. taking all his money,
which they Fnent at the racetrack to
day. The prisoners are racetrack fol
lowers, and are believed to be wanted
elsewhere. They do not deny their
uuilt, but assert that Barnett gave
them all of his money. •
Angeles Street.
Victim Identifies the Men as Thieves
Who Held Him Up on Los
FIXD TWO HIGHWAY
ROBBERS US BOX CAR
The w hole story is known here to be
a malicious fabrication, due possibly
to the jealousy of one of Miss Far
rar'3 German colleagues.
BERLIN. Jan. 4. — The Preussische
Correspondenz publishes a statement
to the effect that the father of Ger
eldlne Farrar. a young American sing
er at the Royal Opera-house, accom
panied by Berlin friends, recently
visited the house of the writer of an
article printed in Die Welt Am Mon
tag. which insinuated that relations
existed between Miss Farrar and the
G'rman Crown Prince, and compelled
him to sign a statement declaring
that the article was a pure invention.
The Correspondenz adds that the
writer promised that a retraction
would appear in Die Welt .Am Mon
tagu to-day. It did not, and it is ex
pected that Farrar wJll take further
cteps. >
Prince Causes Trouble.
Failure to Print Retraction of Story
Connecting Her Name With Crown
GERMAN" WRITER AROUSES
IRE OF SINGER'S FATHER
The State Capitol Commission has
just completed the restoration and re
pair of the building at a t .st of $125,000,
most of which had been expended in
the chamber -which is ruined.
The building is supposed to have been
fireproof, but the use of several false
ccSlIngs in the House supplied excellent
material for the flames.
The Iowa Capitol is one of the most
brautiful in the United States. It Is
built along the lines of the Capitol at
Albany. X. Y. It was erected at a cost
cf $3,000,000.
Thf fire department was unable to
richt th" flames effectively, because of
thf hf ient of the building and the eleva
tion "f the Capitol site. The only thing
possible was to cut off the progress of
the flames. The valuable volumes of
i']«> Stale library were removed and
th« offices wOre hastily emptied.
The funds in the State Treasurer's of
fice were loaded upon a wagon and car
ried to a downtown bunk for dt posit.
<;wrnor Cummins laid aside guber
natorial dignity, and, clad in rubber
bo^ts and a. rougb-coat. engaged in the
worn or fi gnu ixc the fir*:. .... - . . ~v^~r,
The fire, which started at 10 o'clock,
was not extinguished until 6 o'clock this
evening. The supposition is that it
Started rilher from a lighted candle
carricFsly l«?ft burning or from an elec
tric light wire. Th«* blaze originated
near a *haft in a committee room and
upward and around the ceiling
• >f the House chamber.
DES MOINES. la., Jan. 4.— Fire
ruined the northwest ¦wing of the State
Capitol to-day, causing an approximate
los^of a half-million dollars. The cham
ber of the House of Representatives is
a charred mass of debris and cannot be
repaired in time for the approaching
session of the Legislature.
Treasury Funds Are Hastily Loaded
Dpon a Wagon and Transferred
to a Downtown Bank.
Cummins Does Valiant Ser
vice in Checking Their
Progress.
Flames Ruin Portion
of Iowa State
Capitol.
GOVERNOR
AIDS FIRE
FIGHTERS
* "» THX WEATHEB.
Forecast made at San, Prac*
Cisco lor thirty hours endlagr
miaaisrht, January 5:
San Pra&clsc* and vicinity—
Fair Tuesday; fresh northerly
•winds. A. O. McADIB,
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.
..g'TXE THEATtSS.
Aleuu^A j£dyU*f jQuainjr."
California— "Happy Hoolixaa." r
CentraX-^Mentei' ''ckiftei?',, *
riacher's—^i-'Oisn.:^ ' • J'. * *
Grand — "Tie Head "WaJJwgi;"
.Orphetun — Vaudeville. **^^
The Clmte3 — Vaudeville.
Tivoli Opera-Xouss — "Ixioa."
Colnmbia — "The Girl With the
Green Etei."
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1904.Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
¦ Itching, Blind,- Bleeding or Protruding' Plle«.
Your , druggist will ¦¦¦, refund money, - If. v Paao
Ointment tails to cure you in 6 to 14 days. 50i #
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
SAN. DIEGO, Jan; 4.— The Common
Council iq r night eold to >f Arthur -Wright
of Los Angelas a .telephone' franchise
for . this city for. $300. ' It .'is/' understood
that'- the*.' purchaser, represents' ¦ the
Home ' Telephone" Coinpany.vf !;;
New Telephones for .Sari Diego.
Men and Women Stand in Line for
Hours in Order to Purchase. Tickets
for Thursday Night.
Adelina Patti wil sing before an ex
clusive audience at the Grand Opera
house next Thursday night. It will/be
a fashionable audience and' withal a
critical one. The sale of seats' yester-
BIG SALE OF SEATS
FOR PATTI CONCERT
Fischer's.
"I O XT'" began its final week at
Fischer's Theater last night with a
crowded house -.
Columbia.
"The Girl With the Green Eyes" is
in its second and last week at the Co
lumbia Theater.
Tivoli.
"Ixion" is in its last week at the
Tivoli. . # . t : .
Madame Patti sang- last 1 night 4n the
Mormon Tabernacle in Salt Lake City.
She will arrive in, this city in a special
car Wednesday night. * . «• -' ¦<
day amounted to $15,000. As early "as
Sunday nigh't messenger, boys' stood I ri
lln<4 and waited through ¦ the Weary
hours until the box offlce'opehedV ' Be
fore 7 o'clock yesterday morning 'the
line extended up Mission, street .to
Fourtlrand around the corner. By ac
tual count there 1 were 1C5 women 'in
line. Speculators, when recognized,
were thrown out by Marcus Mayer, the
advance agent of thB diva. : J " '"['
'Seats for' the evening concert: and
also for the ;. matinee, next "Monday
were sold very rapidly.. When' the box
office closed last night there were, no
52, $3 or $4 ( seats left tor the night
performance, although there-: were,
quite. a number of $5 and J 6 seats on
hand. There are plenty of • s£ats for
the matinee performance and the box
office will do a thriving -business dur
ing the next few days. ' ' . . . -
Headaches From Colds.
Laxative Uronio Quinine removes the cause. To
eet the genuine, call for the tull name. 25c. •
There is plenty of novelty at the
Chutes this week, the bill including
Mason and Filburn. clever comedy
sketch artists; the Pramklns,' 1 a col
ored couple, who are excellent instru
mentalists, and the Harrison brothers,
who are amusing in "A Matrimonial
Agency."
Chutes.
: The case of Qiovani Chrlsti, charged
with assault to, murder, was called in
Judge Lawlor's" court yesterday to be
again set for trial. When the case
first came up for trial on June 13 "the
defendant caused a scene in cdurt^and
on; motion of his attorney the Judge
discharged -the jury without prejudice.
The. jury was immediately recalled" to
ascertain the mental condition of the
defendant and returned a verdict find
ing the defendant insane at that time.
-..The defendant was committed to
the insane asylum at • Ukiah and ; re
cently the Judge' was notified that he
had become sane. He was returned to
the custody of the Sheriff and since
then he has vbeen in the County Jail
'awaiting trial.' \ Yesterday the Judge,
pn the . suggestion of counsel, "admit
ted the defendant' to- bail on his own
re«Tgni*ance. • in order that his mental
condition. could be ascertained, unaf
fected -by. legal restraint. '» The case
was continued till February 6. - .
• ? Christ! was a flremsan on the steam
er _U._ S. Grant and on March 29 he
attacked - A."« Dobson, the chief engln
eef.'^with'a,- monkey wrench, beating
him;«everely on, the head.' •'-"¦"¦•
to Commit Murder Released on
. His Own Recognizance.
Marine Fireman" Accused* of Assault
CHRISTI'S MENTAL STATE
V { TO BE PUT TO THE TEST
Not in many months has the Cen
tral Theater put forth a bill so uni
formly meritorious or so elaborately
stnged as last night's production of
"Monte Cristo." The house was filled
and the exciting incidents and-power
ful climaxes of the great drama were
applauded with an enthusiasm that
bespoke genuine appreciation of clev
er work.
Central.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 4. — Frederick
O. Arnold, Newton A. Andrews and
Charles O. Peters, aged respectively
18, 22 and 24 years, pleaded guilty
when arraigned in the Criminal Court
this • afternoon on an information
charging them with the murder of
Mrs. A. Youngblood, who was' shot
dead at her home in Valverde last
Thursday night. Their trial'.was set
for Wednesday. ' *'
At. the Coroner's inquest Arnold and
Andrews admitted that they fired the
shots which killed Mrs. Youngblood
and wounded her son Robert." 'TKe
latter is still alive, but is not expected
to survive. Peters said he was pres
ent, but. did not shoot. The . three
youths . displayed much; emotion'. as
they 'told of their crime, the motive
of which was robbery.., <
¦ : — i — ¦ t ¦
Arnold, Andrews and Peters Admit
They Fired Shots That Killed
Mrs. Youngblood. *•
THREE YOUTHS CONFESS
- TO3IURDER OF ¦ WOMAN
NOT UNTIL JUNE WILL .
: - NEW CARDINALS BE NAMED
It Is Expected the Red Cap AVill T*hen
Be Given, to Monsignors Xagiano,
Lorchzelli and Rinaldieni.
ROME, Jan. 4. — It seems now that
the Papal Consistory will be postponed
until June, when among the new Car
dinals to be created will be Mgr. Na
giano, the pontifical majordomo; Mgr.
Lorenzelli, the nuncio at Paris, and
Mgr. •Rinaldieni, the nuncio at Madrid,
who have often been mentioned as cer
tain of becoming princes of the church.
Mgr.'BisIeti, the master. of the pontifi
cal chambers, will be created major
domo and also prefect of the palace,
the position now held by Cardinal
Merry del Val, the papal secretary of
state..
exposition— a comprehensive display of
every resource within our State. And
that the matter appealed ' stYbngiy to
his auditors was' manifest at the close
of the programme, when the discourse
was the sole topic discussed.
The following musical programme was
admirably presentedunder the manage
ment of Mrs. J. E. Birmingham:
«a) "Evensong" <Blumenthal). (b) "Zanlta"
(Trotere). Frank Onslow. accompanist Mrs. W.
J. Batcnelder; (a) "Du btst wle eine blume"
(C. Aler). (b) "Vlel Traunte" (Binding), (c)
"What Is Love?" <W..G. Oust), Mrs. Blanche
King Arnold, accompanist Mrs. "VV. J. Batch
elder.
The afternoon's programme was in
the hands of Mrs. Lyman A- Kelly,
chairman of the "committee on practi
cal aims," who shared the honors of the
day with the president, Mrs. Dunbar.
. The clubrooms had become as a wild
woodland, with tangled masses of fir
and woodwardla, affording a fine set
ting for some very smart millinery.
' The charming .little home of the Soro
gis Club on California street was the
scene yesterday of a delightful recep
tion. This coterio of women is gathered
together for the sole purpose of social
and intellectual intercourse; its roster,
however, embraces many names of
y,.v.:»n who lead in philanthropy and
in mental expansion, and who stand out
pre-eminently as patrons of art, music
and literature. • _•
Yesterday was the occasion of the
club's monthly, social flay, the leading
feature of ..which was an address oo
"Why San Francisco Should Make 'a
Special Exhibit at the St. Louis Expo
sition." by John McNaught.- The topic
of the, day was full of vitality, if not
poetry— in .which phase of literature
Mr. McNaught bore himself with dis
tinction before the Papyrus and Cali
fornia clubs "a few moons since. "In
order," said /the speaker, "that ¦ the
world should know and see the finest
product of our beautiful State, let us
send a klnetoscope to the fair that will
picture our women as they emerge in
all their loveliness from the matinee on
a bright afternoon, and thus will we
proclaim to the world our finest treas
ure^ — but," he added thoughtfully, "of
course we must get t: - — in into that ;
photograph, too."
Speaking seriously, Mr. McNaught
demonstrated the vast advantages to
be accrued from a proper display at the
LIGHT REGISTRATION
ON THE OPENING DAY
First Batch of Enrollments at Stan
ford Smaller Than That of
Last Year.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 4.
The university opened for the first
day's registration this morning and
to-night a total of 407 students had
been enrolled, fifteen of whom were
Christmas freshmen. In comparison
with last year's figures given by Reg
istrar Elliott to-day's registration is
rather light, as 450 took out their"
registration cards on the correspond
ing day last year. However, to-day's
registration ia exactly the same as
that of two years ago and does not
signify a decreased attendance, as a
large number may register to-morrow.
In the absence. of President Jordan
Vice President Branner and Acting:
President Stillman. Professor Charles
T>. Marx of the civil engineering de
partment , is acting* a 0 presi J»nt uf
the university. Registration will con
tinue to-morrow and on Wednesday
instruction will begin in the various
departments of the university. Stu
dents registering after to-morro-w will
be obliged to pay a fee of $2 on ac
count of their delay.
Ball Magnates Coming.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— Edward Han-
Ion of the Baltimore Baseball Club has
been appointed representative of the
National Association to go to Califor
nia with James Hart of the National
League and Ban Johnson of the Ameri
can League tr.r the purpose of induc
ing, if possible, the Pacific Coast or
ganization to come under the national
agreement. Hanlon will leave for Cal
ifornia during- the latter part of Janu
ary.
From here Dr. Browne will go to
Washington, where he will commence
the compilation of the catalogue,
while Commissioners- Fenner and -Hall
will proceed direct to St. Louis to ar
range for putting in shape the com
mercial and* agricultural attractions of
the exhibit. The major portion of the
Philippine exhibit has already arrived
in this country and is waiting the ar
rival of its custodians in St. Louis.
"If will be : the largest exhibition
from any outside country," .said Dr.
Browne yesterday, "and a most com
plete one. Upon me has devolved the
task of preparing the catalogue for
the entire exhibition, and. although I
do say it, I believe that this book,
which will be published by a Phila
delphia firm, inasmuch as it will be
the first of its kind to be issued, will
be most valuable as one of reference
to information seekers." . . '
Dr. G. d'E. Browne, Charles P. Fen-^
ner and Charles L. Hall, Philippine
commissioners to the St. Louis Exposi
tion, arrived from the Orient on the
steamship Coptic yesterday and are
registered at the Palace. Dr. Browne
Is a scientist, who has resided in the
Philippines for several years, and to
him has been assigned the work of ar
ranging the scientific features of- the
island exhibit and preparing the cata
logue of the latter. Commissioners
Fenner and Hall represent respectively
the commercial and agricultural
branches of. the exhibit.- This is the
first time in the history -of the. Philip
pines that its people have attempted
to exhibit their products' abroad, and,
according to" the statement of Dr."
Browne, the natives are taking* a deep
interest in the undertaking. ' '
rides to hounds with her roysterlhg pa
rent, the center of a wild crowd of
tosppots ana rakish gallants/ drinking
toast for toast, . fencing with
the best of them, Miss Block
is thoroughly happy. She is
equally convincing as the reigning
beauty of the second act, as the woman
who, instead of sinking under the de
sertion of her worthless <iov<?r,- -turns
the scene into.one of triumph- for herr
self. . They # tell me- 1 did not wait -to
see— that Miss Block qven. persuaded
to the plausibility of the fourth act's
ending, where Clorinda^ pinks her man,
rolls him under, the couch and holds
a "pink" tea over his supposed remains.
Minnie Selieman, whom I last saw in
the part, hot unnaturally faHed here.
But Miss Block's work this week is
distinctly of her best, spirited and vital.
She carries off scenes easily absurd
With ease and eclat, and looks the part
handsomely.
Mr. Durkin has an ungrateful role as
the rakish Sir John Oxen, and looks
rather ashamed of himself. A long
course of heroics rather unfits for vil
lainy, and it was not until Sir John
threatens to betray his former lady
love that Mr. Durkln's was felt to be
anything but make believe. Rather
well assumed is the role of the Duke
of Osmcmde by Harry Hilliard. He
does not fully fill out the part of Clo
rlnda's ideal, but 'tis a pleasant and
seemly essay. Fred Butler's Sir Geof
frey Wilda.irs is excellent, and on a par
with it is the rollicking Crowell of
George Osbourne. John B. Maher has
a good moment as the chaplain, when,
surrounded by the revelers at "Wildaire,
he is forced to drink the health of the
girl he has come to rebuke. The scene
throughout does ample credit to the
actors and the stage management.
Miss Starr has but little to do this
week, but as Anne Wildairs is a sweet
and appealing figure, and Miss Gordon
is trulv modish as Lady Betty Tantil-
Hon. In fact, the sins of the Alcazar's
"Lady of Quality" are inherent in Mrs.
Burnett's and Mr. Townsend's play,
and, though these" are not few, there
is a dash and freshness about the piece
that carries it brightly along.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
As Clorinda Wildairs, the dashing
hoyden of "A Lady of Quality," it is
quite Miss Adele Block's turn at the
Alcazar this week. The part fits her
as neatly as the satin breeks of the
first act. As the handsome wench who
Coroner Leland remarked that every
one of the 350 patrons was violating or
dinance No. 642; and that some arrests
should be made in order to stop this
wholesale'trifling with human lives.
The Jury returned a verdict of acci
dental death, and added: . - ¦ '
'.'We recommend that the proper au
thorities enforce the regulations In re
gard to ¦ Interference with gas meters,
and that their attention be called to
the violation of ordinance No. 642 by
gas regulating companies, and that-said
companies be served with notices of
such ordinance." • . V
Copies" of the verdict were given by
the Coroner to Detective Anthony, who
had charge of the case'. _¦
* • ¦ .'*¦.¦
Concerning the criminality of tarn-'
pering with the ga^ supply, in "lodging
houses, whereby a large "number" pf "pa-;
tronfl^ have been unwittingly suffocated!
in their beds, Coroner Leland yesterday;
spoke his mind to the jurj^and officially
informed the police, authorities that
several hundred persons taking' in
lodgers are in the habit^of violating or
dinance No. 642. He suggested that the
police arrest all persons using so-called
gas regulators, which practically set
the ordinance at rjaught.
The; matter came up in the course, of
the inquest upon the bodies of I. Mura
kama and T. Kawahata, Japanese, who
were suffocated by illuminating gas on
December 20 in a lodging-house at 416
O'Farrell street; conducted by Mrs."
Kate Mellick."" Less than four, months
ago>a. white, man and a white woman
were suffocated in bed in the same
house.' Mrs. Mellick • testified that she
used a ¦ "gas regulator" furnished by
the United States Gas Regulating Com
pany. The regulator is placed between
the meter and the burner, and she said
that she had boen in the habit of in
creasing the pressure and flow of the
fluid by, placing weights on the regu
lator whenever she wanted to cook on
her gas range, and that when she fin
ished her cooking she used to take off
the weights to refluce the pressure and
to prevent waste. She swore that she
had : not done any cooking while the
Japanese were in their room and had
her meals sent in from the outside.
It was in evidence that when all the
weights were put on and the pressure
increased the gas jet flared so strongly
as to crack the glass shade, and. that it
was possible to extinguish the jet by
taking off the weights."- ' ; * '
A. D. Wilson,- manager of the United
States Gas Regulating Company, testi
fied that there were three companies
besides his own operating in this city
and that his company had 350 patrons.
TELLS SOROSIS
CLUB WHY STATE
SHOULD EXHIBIT
Adelc Block, as Tomboy, Does
Exceedingly Clever Work in
"Lady of Quality" at Alcazar
Trio of Commissioners From
Philippines Here En Route
to the St. Louis Exposition
Coroner Leland Calls Upon
the Police to Arrest' Those
Making Use of Regulators
HOYDEN PART
BEST OF ALL
EXHIBIT WIIL
BE A BIG ONE
GAS ORDINANCE
NOT OBSERVED
Japan Buys Chilean Warship.
VALPARAISO, Jan. has
bought the Chilean warship Capitan
Prat.
Torpedo-Boats Sail Eastward.
MALTA. Jan. 4.— Five • Russian tor
pedo-boat destroyers sailed from ' here
to-day in an easterly direction.
Cruisers Receive War Armament.
MOSCOW, Jan. 4.— The ' Russian vol
unteer fleet cruiser Saratoff has been
ordered to Sebastopol to receive her
armament and thence proceed with all
Korea's Empress Dowager Dead.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— Minister A1-:
len at Seoul has 'advised; the State De-:
partment that tW'Empress Dowager of
Korea died on th# -morning of Janu
ary 2, .:¦;•_ / ¦ ¦ ;.- .., ;
BERLIN, Jan. 4.— Several Japanese
officials who have beenr attending the
cavalry school at Hanover have re
ceived cable messages from Japan In
structing, them to return to Japan im
mediately. ; " * »^." '. ("/
Summoned Back to Japan.
j The Japanes#"'MInister here, Kurino,
has authorized the press to say that he
had a cordial conference .with. Foreign
Minis)ef Lamsdorf on Friday* last, and
tha{ he" is eriljVlnefedi by, the latter's sin
cere conciliatory attitude, J that the
Russian Government is disposed to
seek" a 'peaceful settlement. !
According to the Novoe Vremya, the
Russian Government is trying to avoid
.war because" it is peaceably 'disposed,
and the Japanese "Government is doing
the same because, it does not desire
bankruptcy, and the British and French
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 4.— An offi
cial note, published to-day, announces
instructions' have been' sent to
Viceroy Alexieff as to the. reply to be
to the. last Japanese , note. The
Russian, reply will be transmitted to
Japan in. a. day or two. It will not be
merely "yes" or '."no," but. will be made
up of. reasonable propositions.
•Toklo Government.
yote Is. Ready for. Transmission to the
i RUSSIA'S REPLY IXDKFIXITE.
ee t nsio'h"aa8 discord, and that to com
mit the organization to a political party
of- any nature would have a tendency
to obscure the purposes of the organ
ization. ¦ If the element favoring polit
ical action finds if cannot commit' the
convention to this end it will centralize
all energies in an attempt to select offi
cers for the ensuing term that would
countenance this policy.
Edward Rosenberg, a special commis
sioner of the American Federation of
Labor, who was sent to Hawaii, China
and Japan, is one of the delegates, and
•will present a resolution favoring the
extension of the Chinese exclusion act
so as to embrace all Orientals.
Other resolutions along general lines
will also' be. offered, including the fa
voring of the abolition of general em
ployment offices, abolition of child la
bor and the compulsory education of
children of school age. It is also under
stood that protests will be made against
th* Government employing soldiers on
Government work in competition with
civilian labor.
It is apparent that there is a grow
ing feeling in the Western country
against the American Federation. The
unions of this section feel that they
are not receiving deserved recognition
and the State Federation is endeavor-
Ing to create more harmony, concerted
action and unanimity of purpose among
the unions of the State organization in
order to enforce a proper recognition
of their demands along this line. In
structions and warnings will be sent
out to "unions regarding the attempted
organization of "citizens' alliances,"
calling their attention to the fact that
they have nothing to fear from an em
ployers" association provided they as^
eert themselves and correct and im
prove their own organization, because
it Is to the interest of employers
to do more business by taking it away
from other business men.
FRESNO, Jan. 4.— The fourth annual
convention of the California State Fed :
cration of Labor commenced its .ses
sions in Arraorj- Hall and will continue
in session for four days or more. .. ..
There was not by any means a full
attendance, and the day was given over
to routine work. Committees were ap-
I«ointPd and to-night made ready for
the real work of the convention. It is
to be expected that as a result of their
work many subjects of vital interest
will be forwarded to the stage where
Jhey will be dealt with by the conven
tion to-morrow and subsequently. '
• Mayor Schmitz of San Francisco ar
arrived on the Owl tonight and was wel
comed by a . large delegation at 'the
train. His altitude in. .regard' tQ polit
ical action rencrally will have much
influence with the-delegatea. ¦¦¦ .'¦'•«
President-; John tDavidson announced
the committees.. The first. in border of
business at tfe'e afternoon session was
the adoption of the report of the com
mittee on credentials. Then came the
reports of other committees, which was
followed by a statement of the unfair
places of business in Fresno. This list
included one of the principal hotels.
Wany of the delegates were stopping
there ¦ and the announcement created
quite a stir. ' '
The only ¦ invitation for next year's
convention came from Stockton.
President Samuel Gompers asked the
federation to recommend some "true
union man" for appointment as State
organizer. The request was filed tem
porarily.
The paramount issue at the conven
tion is as to whether the trades unions
Ehall- declare for political action. Con
servative leaders are opposed to the
labor ojganization entering into poli
tics as a political party; This feeling
seems to be held by a. large majority of
the delegates. ¦ ••-
, It" is very probable that a resolution
will be presented pledging the conven
tion^ indorsement ui the Socialist par
ty: •: It is" also probable that another
element headed by Mayor Schmitz of
Han '. Francisco will favor political ac
tion," but of an independent labor party.
It" Is the prevailing feeling that par
tisan politics and trades unionism can
ncrP'Meria and would only result' in dis-
' "During- the. recent 'love feast', a.can
vass'of Republicans '.who were here was
made,dhdit'.^s found there, were ten
for to'. : only. 'one who. was for
¦Roosevelt.- ¦'.- .'.'¦>¦','• ..?.-¦: iS
"This '.canvass, was made at "the in
stance of Mr.; Goodrich himsfelf,' and it
is' now no secret among those 'close;, to
;Gu<idrlclutbat,-; as far* as he is con
cerned, he will advise against the nom
ination of Roosevelt. : ¦<•'
"If. Hanna continues to decline, . Sena-:
tor j Fairbanks will be brought out by
the* Indiana machine, X The ; . Roosevelt
managers will now" seek nomination in!
every district where they can h'ope.to
getjstraight indorsements of the Presi
dent. V The average Representative who
is seeking renomination does, not like,
the idea: of having the, Hanna- Ropse*
veil affair injected, finto local Congres
sional affairs. Representatives who are
willing, to. sail openly under the Roose
velt bunting. are comparatively few.- .-.
"Long hefofe.. the poll ordered by
Goodrich' wag; completed every one pres
ent convinced that Hanna was the
favorite: by. long odds over Roosevelt.
"Cheers that greeted mention of .him
by Jklr. Watson -settled th'e matter as
far as Mr. Goodrich - was .-concerned.
He was heard to say: 'Hanna is un
questionably stronger than Roosevelt in
Indfana.'.'"-. ( ' ' . . ';
INDIANAPOLIS',. Ind., Jan. 4.— A
prominent State official' who is very
close to Chairman Goodrich of the State
Cqmrnitteejvas. here last night, and said
in conversation:
.-Special Dispatch to The'Call.
Federation Will Probably Urge
* Extension of Exclusion Law
to Embrace Other Orientals
Chairman of State Committee,
• It Is Said, Will Advise His
( 'Followers to Heed Test Vote
LIVELY FIGHT EXPECTED
CARDIFF. Wales; Jan. 4.— It was re
ported on the Coal Exchange to-day
that Japan was placing orders here for
80,000 tons of steam coal, the orders be
ing largely conditioned on shipment
during this month. If is estimated
that 40.000 tons of steam coal have al
ready been bought by Japan from
Welsh miners.
Japan Is Buying Coal.
PREFER THE OHIO SENATOR
TOKIO, Jan. 4.— War preparations,
continue, but the Government seems,
determined, to ' t avoid .the initiation " of
any conflict. For thls'-purpose the note
sent the powers was; intended to show
that the j responsibility restejd upon-
Russia should -.the • negotiations nowj
proceeding fail, j The* Qoverninent is :
proceeding very cautiously. <.? Unless;
Russia gives undue 'provocation it is
possible that . peace may * continue for
some time. The preparations made by.
the Government, however, are sufficient;
to convince thej;populaceoT h a deter
mination upon its part to'flght, if neces
sary. The popular clamor—has - some-;
what subsided, although many support
the proposition to 1 : seize arid" declare a
protectorate over Korea; •
It is safe!' to/ predict' th'atth*e Govern-!
ment^yill' continue negotiations imtil a;
peaceful 1 settlement .'is hopeless,, in the
meantime watching the acts of Russia;
in Korea.' There' is much irritation at',
the present course of, Russia ] in Seoul
and Peking. _. -i •
The Imperial Princes serving in the'
navy have returned to their stations at
Sacebo. • :
Russian Reply Be Unsatisfactory.
May Continue Negotiations Though
JAPAN f IiESSi BELLICOSE.
Powerful Element in Labor
Convention at Fresno "Will
..' Oppose Party Organization
"The : considerations to which I. pre
viously alluded; and others to which I
need not now,. refer, have been steadily
and surely creating a profound convic
tion in the public mind, and especially
among. thoughtful men, that a change
injthe personnel In the present adminis-
...... Hill declared, the omission of refer
ence to General MCClellan in the Presi
dent's oration at Antietam "an exhibi
tion of monumental littleness" and
criticized him for. failure to pay greater
tribute to President Jefferson in his
Louisiana Purchase address at St.
Louis. Hill continued:
THINKS CHANGE IS NEEDED.
"The plain truth is," he said, "that
during the present administration pro
motions in the army have been hawked
around and been bestowed here and
there as though they were personal or
partisan gratuities, to be granted or
withheld at the pleasure of the ap
pointing power, regardless of other
considerations. This has created much
discontent and brought the army to
the verge of demoralization."
He criticized, the detailing of naval
vessels in the vicinity of the Presi
dent's home at Oyster Bay and said:
"In view of these circumstances it is
no wonder that the President saw no
serious misconduct on the part of Gen
erak'Wood Jn Cuba when he used pub
lic 'funds to influence the action of Con
gress^ in' behalf of certain legislation
,whjcK hfs commander in chief desired."
Hill next took up conditions in the
army, speaking of "the studied insult
to Lieutenant General Miles" in the
order announcing his. retirement from
the army,, "and the- v constant and per
sistent endeavor to confer upon per
sonal favorites of the President the
highest honors of the army, regardless
of length of service, gallant conduct or
individual fitness." -.',-. ;>
racy to resist the consummation of
this outrage" and urged the rejection
of the treaty in the Senate.
TAKES UP ARMY PROMOTIONS.
•Republican Leaders at "Love
Feast" Ton to One Against
• Mr; Roosevelt's Nomination
subject, the statement is made that the
United States will gladly support any
proposition coming from St- Petersburg
or Peking, looking to a reference of thft
Manchurian question to The Hague tri
bunal for settlement The "Washington
Government sees nothing in this prob
lem .w^hioh could not be carried to The
Hague. ;
- .Unofficially, our Government has
learned that China is disposed to refer
the Manchurian Question to The Hague
and agree not to mix up in a war be
tween Russia and Japan.
The Novoe Vremya, which is decided
ly pessimistic, blames the Chauvinism
of the Japanese people and press for
the present crisis.
are doing everything^ possible to main
tain peace. >¦•'-¦
"Nevertheless," the Novoe /Vremya
continues, "war approaches nearer and
nearer."
haste to Port Arthur. The Russian
auxiliary cruiser Orel has been ordered
to Odessa to receive her armament. 'M
POLITICS MAI
BE ELIMINATED
INDIANA POLL
FAVORS HANNA
•-¦• ¦"-*;-• '.v ¦'.--... V... • . I ¦¦ . • "-' .... ¦¦ ¦ "..;¦.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL,. TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, im:
RUSSIA'S REPLY TO THE DEMANDS'OF JAPAN
IS NOW IN THE HANDS OF VICEROY ALEXIEFF
OLNEY'AKlD HILL DELIVER
SPEECHES AT LOVE FEAST
Continued • From Page 1, Column 7.
Planks for the election of United
States Senators by direct vote; rigid
adherence to the Monroe doctrine and
the avoidance of an Eastern policy pre
venting Jts consistent enforcement; the
admission to statehood of Oklahoma.
New Mexico and Arizona, and opposi
tion to the "maintenance on American
possessions of colonial systems of gov
ernment analogous to the British colo
nial system" were urged.
"In regard to the money question."
he went on, "our differences are great
ly exaggerated and much misrepresent
ed. There ought not to be any differ
ence at this time in framing a financial
plank acceptable to every intelligent
and reasonable Democrat."
Suggesting a Democratic platform.
Hill urged planks for tariff revision
which shall secure equal privileges to
all; revenues limited to. the necessities
of the treasury and an equitable ad
justment of exorbitant dujies, and ade
quate laws for the regulation and con
trol of combinations of capital.
tration Is not only desirable, but im
perative. The si&ns ot the time* Indi
cate on every hand that the business
interests of the country do not feel safe
under existing conditions.
"It is not true that the growing oppo
sition manifested everywhere among
business men to a continuance in power
cf the present regime at "Washington
has arisen because of the asserted hos
tility of the national administration to
the unreasonable demands of monop
oly. That explanation for obvious rea
sons is daily put forth at the White
House and is indicative of the cunnins
of the desperate politician. The fact la
that the average business man has no
relations with monopoly and i9 inde
pendent of its influence. He foresees
the evils of misgovernment rapidly ac
cumulating. He discovers that several
great departments of the Government
are reeking with corruption. He recalls
the fact that it was only an aroused
public sentiment which compelled Cab
inet, officials to take serious notice of
grave charges of misconduct."
rLAN'KS FOR A PLATFORM.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
There is no secret about
Scott's Emulsion of Cod
Liver Oil. The label tells
the whole story. There is a
knack in making it. The
only secret about it is the
secret of its success.
This year, when cod liver
oil is very scarce and high,
all kinds of cheap, inferior
oils are' used to take its place,"
and all sorts of things pre-
sented as substitutes. Think
of petroleum being taken as
a substitute for cod liver oil I
— too absurd. Think of the
so-called wines, extracts and
cordials of cod liver oil!
-—they are simply the shadow
without the substance; no
food value in them.
Scott's Emulsion — " The
Old Reliable" is the same
yesterday, tonday and forever.
Its quality and. purity can
be absolutely depended upon
at .all times.
XCfll tend yon c sample free upon reqnest.
ICOTT & BOWNE, '469 Pearl Strcct,_N.^
NO SFXRET.
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
M G C Lr'XJ RL IL* Si
10 Cents a Copy— $1.00 a Year— At Any Price the Best '; \\
' TT'OR good short stories, fearless I
y articles on national questions,
novels by noted writers, and
beautiful pictures, McGLURE'S is
I the best of all magazines: — and
the cheapest. w j
The JANUARY McCLURE'S has * ; A
Ida M. TarbellV Great Story of "Can the SOUTH solve the ' /UThV
ROCKEFELLER NEGRO PROBLEM?" .••'November
; which '' ia one of the most startling revela- A most important discus- o*'v CT * nd Decem "
tions that has come to the American people sion of this great question, d? lw—thtTfimt^*
for a long while." by Carl Schurz N <& & of Volume 22- win
"RED SAUNDE,RS." His three wh ?' for over forty besentfree with « ,ub-
strange pets and the fresh bulldog. The fun- f ws ' *** studied c^^^ E
story Henry Wallace Phillips " m .•" lts f dollar to s. s. Mcciur« Tco., I^J-
has written. Pictures by A. B. Frost. Phases. .-• Ea« 25th Street, New York, N. y.
¦,. 7- Charming Short Stories — 'Cover by .•' Nam*.....
3 Jessie Willcox Smith— 4 Great Articles: S mjj ' \ I
H . ¦ . • C ' * - ,'¦'¦" *""***.*¦?•*.*"••••••»••, I
* mm ~^™ "^""*'' MM ** M^^"""*^»»«»MBWMMIIBaMHaMBHlMMlBilBl!lMll^^MB' -.^ " |2rWHtlllBiySECRETARY OF WAR ROOT'S SUCCESSOR AND THE PRESIDENT'S
NOMINEES FOR CIVIL GOVERNOR AND VICE CIVIL GOVERNOR
OF THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS.
TOKIO. Jan. 4. — Ju<tc<* XV. H. Taft. recent'
ly Ctvll Governor of the Philippines, wax
Kiren a dinner to-n<zh! by United States Mil-
Secretary Root, after a long and high
ly successful record as head of the War
Department. ' Is about to resign and de
vote himself to his legal business in
New York City. His worst. enemies ad
mit thit he has conducted the War De
partment in a highly able manner. Buy
a gas range from S. F. Gas and Electric
Co.. 415 Post st. •
Will Suffer for His False Oatlu
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 4. — Vincent II.
Lewis of Oakland,. Indicted by the
Grand Jury for alleged falsifying of
the license register of Marin County
in 1901 by claiming he was 21 in order
to marry Sarah Hood, gave himself
up to-day and will be charged with
perjury.
the vote as 78 to 88— no quorum.
j The Speaker ordered. the doors closed
for a call of the House. Payne sug
gested that it. was doubtful if a quorum
could be obtained to-day, and on his
motion, the : minority leader assenting,
the House at 1:35 p. m. adjourned un
til to-morrow
Pleads Guilty and Is Sentenced.
PAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 4. — A.
Eldridge. said to be the principal in
The Needles frauds practiced upon
the Santa Vn Railroad Company by
means of padded payrolls, pleaded
guilty to-dar and was sentenced to>
two years and six months at Folsom.
Eldridge turned State's evidence
after his arrest, assisting in the con
viction of the other members of the
conspiracy.
Practical Points.
"Brightest and Best " Heaters hold one
gallon of oil and will burn twelve hours
in succession or an hour night and
morning for six days on one filling. In
dicator sirows quantity of oil in fount at
all times. "Water may be boiled or cook
ing done by unhooking- and - removfnic
nickel-plated cap at top. "B. & B." Oil
Heaters, clean, odorless, safe. $4 25 each.
Xathan-Dohrmanh Co., 130 Sutter street-
San Francisco, Cal. '
Cattlemen Elect Officers.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. 4.— The Cat
tlemen's Association of Arizona crpan
ized to-day at a meeting held in the
Territorial Capitol Vy the election of
the followir"* officers: *.
Captain W. H. McKittrlck. Willcox,
president; J. E. Bark. Phoenix, vice
president; M. A. Perkins, Prescott,
second vice president; Harry L. Heff
ner, Vails, secretary; O. H. Christy.
Phoenix, treasurer.
An executive committee of thirty
nine w.13 appointed. There was a large
attendance of representative' cattlemen
from all over Arizona.
ASKS FOR AX INQUIRY.
House Member Charges in Bristol's
Report Investigated. >\ ' :
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— With the re
assembling of Congress to-day after the
recess the chaplain of. the House in*
opening the session of that body "prayed
that war between Russia "and Japan
migrht be averted by a peaceful adjust
ment of their differences.
A privileged resolution offered by Hay
(Democrat) of Virginia recited that
certain statements contained in the
Bristow postoflice report reflected upon
the membership of the. House. 'It pro
vifled for an investigation bv a commit
tee to be appointed-by theSJpeaker. A
point of -order made-against the resolu
tion by Gardner was overruled, and the*
same fate met Payne (Republican) ot
New York, who desired to refer the res
olution to the Postofflce Committee.. A
vote on ordering the previous question
developed no quorum, and the House
adjourned. , Hay's privileged resolution
was as follows:
¦•" Whereas. The Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General, , in his • report to the Postmaster : Gen
eral, dated October 24, 1003, and which report
has . been transmitted to a committee of this
House, has charged . that long leases for. post
office premises were canceled and rents In
creased upen the recommendation of - Influen
tial representatives; and.
¦\Vhnreaa, It is charged in the same report
that " If ; a ' member ¦ of Congress requested that
Increased clerk " hire . be ¦ allowed ' a ¦ postmaster.
Beavers: usually complied, , regardless* of the
merits of the case; and.; ; ....
Whereas,' Certain cases' of an aggravated
character are : cited on pages 136. 135, , 134 of
«aid report to sustain the above charge*; and.
Wherea?. On page 145 of eald report it Is
charged that memters cf Congress have vio
lated 8ection-3"S0 of the Revised Statutes and
ih*t ln face of the statute Beavers has made
contracts with members of Congress for % the
rental pf premises either. Jn their own names,
the names of their agents or some members
of-tbeir families: anfl. ,
Whereas, These charges and others con
tained in said report reflect upon the Integrity
of the membership cf this House and upon Indi
vidual member of this House, whose, names
ere not mentioned ; therefore, be It
Resolved, That the Speaker of this House
appoint a committee consisting of five mem
bcrs of this House to investigate said charges;
that nld committee, have power to send for
persons and papers to enforce the production ot
the same; to examine witnesses under oath;
to have assistance of a stenographer and to
have p^wer to !«it during the sessions of the
House and to exercise all functions necessary
to a complete, investigation of said charges and
to rep.ort the . result of raid investigation as
boon as practicable.
Gardner (Republican) of New Jersey
raised a point of order, contending that
there was no specific charge against
any member of this Congress. Hay
contended that the resolution was priv
ileged, and he was supported by Wil
liams of Mississippi.. the minority lead
er.'' Grosvenor (Republican) of Ohio
asked Hay; if it would not be better to
adopt a resolution calling'on the fourth
Assistant : Postmaster General for the
names of Congressmen, but Hay insist
ed upon .his 'resolution. The Speaker
overruled the point . of order.
Payne ; (Republican ) ' of New York
asked if ., It; would; be in order to move
to refer, the resolution to the Committee
on Postoffices, but was informed that
it would not. -
¦On Hay's that the previous
question be. ordered on the adoption of
the, resolution^ the Speaker announced
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, Jan. 4.—
The National Guard has been called
out.
A~ dispatch from Montevideo, dated
January 2, announced that a re jlution
had broken out in the Department of
Florida and tha^the Government was
sending trooDS and war- munitions to
the disturbed district.
It was announced from Buenos Ayres
last nisht that a dispatch had been
received there saying a revolutlc-n had
been declared in the Department of
Maldonado, Uruguay, and that a state
of siege had been proclaimed through
out the republic. .
The revolutionary movement is un
derstood to be due to the white, party,
or Nationalists, which fomented the
revolution which ended March, 1903.
Special Dispatch to The C*H. %
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 4.— Lieutenant
Governor Alden Anderson, who has re
turned from an eastern trip, to-day ex
pressed great disappointment over the
location of the California building at
the SL Louts exposition. Mr. Anderson
said:
"I regret very much that the Cali
fornia building is not located in a more
accessible -part of the fair grounds. I
do not know why the present site was
selected, but it is in the most remote
and inaccessible part of the grounds
and upon a hill.
"It is on the opposite side of the
grounds from the entrance, and nearly
two- miles away, I should judge. Thi-'»
is to be regretted, particularly In view
of the fact that California will make an
exhibit of unusual merit, and we were,
in my Judgment, in a position to de
mand the very best location."
Revolution in Departments
of Florida and 3Ialdonado
Forces Snmmons of Troops
Officials of St. Louis Expo
sition Give Obscure Place
to Bear State Building
SCANT SERVICE
TO CALIFORNIA
GUARDS OUT
IN URUGUAY
levying blackmail on the nations of the
world.
"We have the right of way now for
the canal." concluded Stewart. "The
people want the canal, and." turning to
the Democratic side of the chamber,
"you had better get on the band
wagon, because it is moving. The peo
ple don't care anything about that little
band of robbers at Bogota and we are
going to build the canal, and I am go
ing to try and live until the canal is
constructed."
Morgan said that the message, of the
President to-day contained no new rec
ommendations.
"It seems to be an argument against
the resolutions and remarks of the
senior Senator from Massachusetts
(Hoar) and of remarks pf Senators on
this s?ide of the chamber," he said. _
FEARS PRESIDENT'S POWER.
He (Morgan) might yield in his judg
ment that no ship could ever pass
through the isthmus of Panama, but he
could not assist in the breaking down
of our fixed policy of neutrality between
belligerents or in enlarging the diplo
matic powers of the President until
they reached a stage of usurpation on
the part of the executive. _
Morgan said that his colleagues could
not fail to see that the President's atti
tude was intended to force them to vote
for the Panama route. TFor himself, he
was not opposing the President on
slight grounds, but because he believed
the course of the President to be. such
as to threaten the integrity of the
United States. 'He argued- that, ac
cording to precedents, the de facto gov
ernment of Panama had no right to
transfer territory, but he declared that
the President knew that only by his
recognition of Panama could he acquire
a concession there. Indeed, he asserted,
in the prospect of securing this acquisi
tion was found the only motive for the
President's recognition. He said that,
instead of the rising: being as of one
man. as declared by the President, -it
had been a rising of eight men, who for
months had been in. conspiracy against
the real people of Panama. He declared
that President Roosevelt's interference
in Colombia's affairs on the isthmus
was unjustified by the constitution, and
asserted that if there was to be a gen
eral policy on the part of the United
States of upholding civilization, that
policy must be undertaken by Congress
and "not left to blaze on the lance of
some individual American Sancho
Panza to be thrust Into the bosom of 'a
friendly pal."
BUNAU-VARILLA'S PROPHECY.
For one, he would not vote to ratify
the wrong done by, the. President, who,
he added, desired this ratification , to
justify what he and the Panama junta
had done.'
"And for what purpose?" asked Mor
gan. "He wants the assistance of the
Democratic Senators to do what he and
his. party, cannot do."
Morgan read an article from a Paris
oajjer.' printed last September, . and of
which. Morgan said. Minister Bunau-
Varilla was the author. The articje
purported to outline the President's
plans with reference to the Panama
canal. That**artlcle, Morgan declared,
was a correct forecast of the message
which to-day had been sent to the Sen
ate. - I'
"How," he asked, ."did that inflated
Frenchman become possessed of the se
cret of the President's policy if riot
through the President himself?"
He appealed to the Senate to stand
by the Spooner law, and declared that
the President's course wc.s as if he were
above the law.
"That law is," he said, "in the way
of his personal ambition, and he spurns
It with contemptuous indifference."
As for himself, he could not see the
President join hands wit:, the Panama
conspirators not without sorrow, but
without shame,, for he was not one of
those "who bend, the pregnant hinges of
the knee that thrift may follow 'fawn
ing." *v:~i : S
He predicted that, even though the
Government of the United States
should undertake the construction, of
the Panama canal, a canal would be
first built over the Nicaragua route be
cause of Its superior feasibility. He
again referred to President McKinley's
attitude toward the canal routes, and
declared that Nicaragua has, a better
friend In the grave of William McKin
ley than Panama has In the present
head of the American army and navy."
BENSON FURNISHES CASH
BAIL AND IS RELEASED;
Rral Estate Dealer Puts Up $10,000
and Leaves Jail for Quarters In
an Apartment House.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— J. A. Ben
eon was released this morning on $10.
000 cash bail and to-night is resting
in comfortable quarters in an apart
ment house. Officers are, however,
preparing to rearrest him on other
counts. It is understood that the
United States Commissioner will not
require a separate bond for each in
dictment, so Benson's confinement in
Jail is over for the time being at least.
A writ of habeas corpus will bs ap
plied for immediately to prevent his
trial by the United States court for
the District of Columbia. ¦• £
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— The Presi
dent to-day sent to the Senate the nom
ination of William Taft of Ohio to.be
Secretary. of War. The President also
nominated Luke E. Wright of Tennes
see to be Civil Governor of the Philip
pine Islands, and Henry C. Ide of Ver
mont to be Vice Civil Governor of the
Philippine Islands.
Other nominations were made as fol
lows:
Civil Service Commissioner— John W.
Black of Illinois.
Consul General— Henry D. Saylor of
Pennsylvania, at Coburs, Germany.
Assistant Secretary of Commerce and
Labor— Lawrence O. Murray of Illi
nois. *
Postmasters: California — Sarah H.
Laird, Alturas; Angelo Genelly, Los
Banos; William C. Campbell, Los Ga
tos; John- W. Lloyd, ¦Porterville;
George F.. Bea!es, Visalia; Albert L.'
Paulson, Weaverville.
The Senate has confirmed the follow-^
ing nominations:
Postmasters : California — Horace B.
Gardiner, Crockett; Charles* S. Gra
ham, Pleasanton.
the policy which had been pursued.
McCcmas defended the President and
asserted that his action would stand if
tried in court.
Stewart of Nevada severely criticized
the Bogota Government for its selfish
action in preventing construction of the
canal.
Morgan of Alabama stated his prefer
ence for the Nicaragua route, and
maintained that the present course of
the administration was breaking down
the established policy of the United
States regarding neutrality.'
Rev. Edward Everett Hale pronounced
the invocation on the convening of the
Senate. Dr. Hale, who was elected
chaplain just before the Holiday recess,
wore ecclesiastical robes. In the invo
cation he referred to the recent death
ot Mrs. Hoar in these words:
"Remember those in great sorrow
who have seen the last of those they
lore."
The Chicago disaster also was touched
upon in the prayer as "the city in trib
ulation and trial."
McCOMAS OPENS DEBATE.
Following the reading of the Presi
dent's message McComas of Marj-Iand
began a. discussion of the isthmian sit
uation, in which he characterized the
message as "a clearly cogent and
abundantly convincing presentation of
the situation."
Morgan interrupted with a question
to bring out the point, as he held, that
the recognition of the republic was sim
ply de facto.
McComas held otherwise, maintain
ing that the recognition was "official"
and would be held so by the courts.
Culberson questioned the right of the
executive to make such recognition, hut
McComas maintained positively that
the executive had such authority, and
said he could bring to the attention of
the Senate two instances in which the
same power had been exercised. Till
man wanted the instances cited, and
McComas promised to present them
later. • ?
"But I want to know," broke in Till
nian, "whether the Senator contends
that the executive, without the instruc
tion of the Congress, can employ the
army and navy to defend his executive
action by warning away and prevent
ing Colombia asserting her supremacy
anywhere except on the Panama rail
road."
In answer McComas referred Tillman
to the closing statement of the Presi
dent's message.
BACON ASKS QUESTIONS.
Bacon inquired how long the new re
public would last should the sustaining
power of the United States be with
drawn.
"For many years," replied McComas.
He added that but for the restraining
power of the United States the inde
pendence of Panama would have been
\ established long ago.
i "Will the Senator state the respective
i population of Panama and Colombia?"
asked Bacon.
"Panama has about 200.000 and Co
lombia 4,500.000," wag the reply.
• "And yet the Senator thinks the S00.-
I 000 could maintain themselves against
the 4,500,000?" again interjected Bacon.
"Such things are frequent events in
history," was the reply, and JlcComas
mentioned the contest of Japan, with
35.000.000 population, * against China,
with 400,000,003; also Montenegro's suc
cessful contest of two centuries. k
McComas, addressing the Democratic
side, declared that some excellent men
had made a political blunder and had
mistaken their partisanship for a moral
tense. He added that this opposition
was not only unpatriotic, but that it
was perversely, persistently wrong.
STEWART'S BLUNT SPEECH.
Stewart followed with an Indorsement
of the course of the administration on
the Panama question, although, he said,
he had formerly been in favor of the
Nicaragua route. Stewart declared
that the object of Colombia was to de
lay matters until the expiration of the
French canal concession. - • - - < "
i "It is time." he added, "we should
begfn to treat them according to their
true characters as highway robbers,
» " ¦ - : .¦ ¦ -¦¦ ¦ ;
POLICE (;UARD THE ROOMS
OF MME. LILLIAN NORDICA
Receipt of Many Threatening Letters
Cau«*> the Singer to Appeal
for Protection.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4. — As a result
of threats against her life. Mme. Lil
lian Xcrdica for Forae time has been
under the constant protection of the
police. Her apartments are carefully
fjuard*»d. It 16 said by her most inti
mate friends that she has received
many Setters of such a threatening
character that she dared not ignore
them and so called the police to her
An intimate friend of N'ordica said
to-night that th« actress intended to
po on another concert tour soon, but
that the peculiar circumstances sur
rounding the threats upon her life
prevent her from completing her ar
rangements.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— The Senate's
first session following the holiday re-,
cess was devoted entirely to Panama.
President Roosevelt sent a message on
the subject, which was received with
great interest.^ Discussion continued
throughout * the day, speeches being
made both in defense of and against
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4. — Senator
Foraker, a member of the Committee
on Military Affairs, in executive ses
sion to-day submitted a brief in favor
of Brigadier General Wood's confirma
tion" to be major general. Eight of the
eleven members of the committee have
concurred in this" report. Senators
Hawley, Proctor, Quarles, Warren and
Alger (Republicans) and Cockrell , and
Pettus (Democrats) voted for a favor
able report, while Senators Scott (Re
publican) and Blackburn (Democrat)
voted against confirmation. Senators
Hawley 'and Proctor were absent and
voted by proxies, and the vote of Sena
tor Bates will be recorded when he re
turns to Washington to-morrow.-
Senator . Foraker's report contains
more than lift) printed pages and deals
with all the evidence introduced in the
exhaustive investigation conducted by
the Senate Committee on Military Af
fairs. It also covers Jhe 167 army nom
inations held up pending action on Gen
eral Wood's nomination.
TAKES UP EACH CIIARGE.
In his report Senator Foraker quotes
the charges which were filed by Major
Esteg G. Rathbone against General
Wood and says that every witness be
fore the commission was allowed to
testify as to any fact of which he
might have knowledge, but that with
all this latitude the witnesses had been
unaBle to support the charges made,
while in most instances the facts had
brought out that the witnesses were
holding real or fancied grievances
against General Wood, which made
them biased in their .views to an ex
tent apparent to the members of the
commission.
Each charge is taken up by Sena
tor Foraker in its turn. The orders
General Wood is said to have is3ued
to the courts in the Rathbone case, it
is argued 1 , were wholly within the
province and duty of General Wood
as Governor General. In the postal
cases, it is declared, the testimony
showed General Wood to be following
the instructions is3ued by the Secre
tary of War. The report declares
that no evidence was offered to the
commission to show that Major
Rathbone was not given a fair trial
in Cuba.
THOSE JAI ALI GIFTS.
In regard to the gifts which General
AVood accepted from the Jai All Com
pany, the "report says that "in the
mere fact that General Wood accept
ed gifts from the Jai Ali Company
there is nothing to be criticized," and
adds that General Wood's acceptance
was with the full knowledge of Sec
retary Root. The question of the ad
mission of the silver service to Cuba
free of duty is summed up in one
paragraph taken from the testimony
of General Tasker Bliss, as follows:
"It was admitted free of duty, but
I take all responsibility for that upon
myself. I never v heard a word from
General Wood on the subject."
Reference is made in the brief to
the connect of testimony in regard to
the Runcie article, and the word
of Major Runcie is placed against
that of Ray Stannard Baker, the
magazine writer, and General Wood,
both of whom have declared that the
article was not talked of at a dinner
at Santiago, as reported "by Major
Runcie.
WOOD AND BELLAIRS.
- The charges made by Major Rathbone
that General "Wood had been unduly
intimate with . an ex-convlct. Captain
¦Rellairs, are .pronounced by Senator
Foraker to be seemingly only spiteful
and malicious declarations, made with
out excuse of any kind in a spirit of re
venge and wanton vilification.
The testimony, of Secretary Root is
quoted at length to refute the charge
that General Wood had improperly, if
riot corruptly, granted what is known
as the Castenada concession.
It is declared that the charges made
by General Brooke that General Wood
was guilty ef ¦ insubordination were
proved to be without foundation, and it
is added "that General Wood was fully
sustained by the War Department and
the President as to all points of differ
ence between him and General Brooke."
Senator Scott is preparing a state
ment which will give the reasons of the
minority members of the committee for
voting against a favorable report on
the nomination.
OMAHA. Jan. 4.— A legal battle pre
faced the trial in the Federal court or
United States Senator Charles H. Die
trich, charged with alleged conspiracy
with Jacob Fisher. Postmaster at Hast
ir!£v. Neb., to violate the statute against
bribery, and also with the direct viola
tion of that law. Counsel for Dietrich
scored the first victory on a demurrer
filed by Genera! Cowin to the . indict
ment, attacking its sufficiency and al
leging: that it would have the effect of
placing the Senator on trial twice on
the same charge. Judge Vandeventer
announced for the court that the de
murrer was sustained.
This ruling quashed the conspiracy
indictment against Senator Dietrich. It
was on this indictment that the Gov
ernment had prepared itself for trial
and to testify in which a large number
of witnesses had been subpenaed and
were present in the city. '¦¦¦:*.
Aside from the indictment charging
the Senator with profiting by the leas
sng of a building to the United States
Government while a member of Con
gress, there gtill remains an Indictment
charging him directly with bribery in
connection with the appointment of a
Postmaster at Hastings.
The court set for trial to-morrow the
case wherein Senator Dietrich is
charged with benefiting by a contract
with the Government for the leasing of
a building wherein, was located the
postoff.ee at Hastings. Senator Die
trich's counsel asked for permission to
withdraw the plea of not guilty and en
ter a demurrer to the indictment in the
case on the ground that no offense was
charged. General Cowin briefly argued
th** motion. The court took it under ad
visement until to-morrow morning.
Panama Policy Is the
Theme -of an Acrid
Discussion.
National Lawmaker "Will l>e
Arraigned at Omaha To-Day
for Trial on Minor Accusation
Scott and Blackburn
Vote Against Con->
firmation.
Democratic Senators
Criticize President's
Message.
Promotion of General
Leonard Wood Is
Recommended.
Federal Judge 'Squashes Con
spiracy Indictment Against
the Senator From Nebraska
OTHER CHARGES PENDING
DIETRICH WINS
FIRST VICTORY
COMMITTEE REPORT FAVORS WOOD;
TAFT NAMED FOR WAR SECRETARY
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. .JANUARY 5, 1904.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H This Cap Label Wg
jj|| Is a guarantee cf the purity fi|l!
y-£ and richness of our ing
H Economy g
P§ Evaporated m
II Greajn m
35.000 revard fsu
tHy£ to anyone s.b!s to prove S|0
J^y of cur product \j|sEk
t
\
It is worth your while, who
£ver you are, to knov.
Schilling's Best \
tea hi^cias-powdcr fp£:cs \
ciStt faror'mf extract! ioa«
and the money back dealing b)
which they are sold by the bes
cf the grocers on this Coast.
DB. KILMETt'S SWAKP-EOOT.
dFyo'o getIp ~~
with a lame back?
¦ : -riril* I M tit' !* !'!*> •¦ m f\. ¦ '¦*• - t%S5
Hei\z& You Rheumatism, Kidney,
Liver or Bladder Trouble *P
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Livep
and Bladder Remedy, Will Do for YOU, All Our Readers
May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
s Pain or dull ache^In the back is un- ambition, loss of flesh, sallow com-
mistakable evidence of kidney trouble, plexion.
It is -nature's timely warning -to show If. your water when allowed to remain
you that the track of health is not clear, ""disturbed in a glass or bottle for
If these danger signals are unheeded tw enty-fonr hours, forms a sediment or
more serious results are sure to follow: ??"'?£• °5 t h s " a clon & aoocara , n iV J*
Bright's disease, which is the worst 3^*J*^ att^ «* "*'
form of kidney trouble, may steal upon l n taking Swamp-Root you afford
J'o»- natural help to Nature, for Swamp-
The mild and the extraordinary effect Root is the most perfect healer and
of the world-famous kidney and bladder gentle aid to the kidneys that is known
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamo-Root. is *<> medical science.
soon realized. It stands the hichest for rtf n "^i * A' r • *" at , .^ scover^
its wonderful cures of the most distress- jBSfSSJgg Sm&S&S
mg cases. A tnal will convince anv with wonderful success in both sli*ht
one— and you may have a sample bottle and severe cases. Doctors recommend
free, by mail. it to their patients and use it in their
Qentlemen-X attribute my preient °. w n families, because they recoamjfee in
good health to swamp-*oot. I .nffered Swamp-Root the greatest and mo /t sue-
| my trouble, and X have .luce been per- absolutc i y frec by maiK aIso a book
fectly well. Tonr. tmly. tclHng aH abont Swamp-Root and con-
B. H. CKA1XEE, Chief of Police. taining many of the thousands upon
; Ozark. Ala. thousands of testimonial letters receiv-
Lame back is only one symptom of cd from men and women cured. In
kidney trouble— one of many. Other writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bingham-
symptoms showing that you I need ton. N.. Y.. be sure to sav that you read
Swamp-Root are, being obliged to pass this gerferous offer in The San Fran-
water often during the day and to get cisco Daily Call. . j.f. _
up many times during the night, inabil- If you are already convinced that
ityto hold your urine, smarting or irri- Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
tation in passing, brick-dust or scdi- purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
ment in the urine, catarrh of the blad- dollar size bottles at drug stores every-
der, uric acid, .constant headache, dizzi- where. Don't make any mistake, but
ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, irregu- remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr.
jar heart-beatinc rheumatism, bloating. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
irritability, worn-out feeling, lack of Binghamton, N. Y.. on everv bottle.' There are nearly ,270 different-relig
ions in the United Kingdom.
Heed the teachings of adversity if
you would avoid a second lesson.
There are four millionaires in Britain
to one in France. . •
LiKlit Rain at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 4.— A light shower; of
rain fell here this morning, measuring
.13 of ; an inch. TotaL for the season,
2.51. Same date last year, 4.03.
Late . Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, January 4. .
. Stmr Rob«rt Dollar. Johnson. 07 hours from
San Pedro. ' .. ...
Schr Roy Somers. Tietjen. 7 days from
Grays Harbor.. - : .
Schr Ivy. Jensen. 3% days from Coos Bay.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ST MICHAELS— Sailed Jan 4— Stmr Ro
mance, from Genoa ' for Boston 5
- ROTTERDAM— Arrived Jan . 4— Stmr Rot
terdam, from Amsterdam. .
Good Place for J. P. Sex.
SAN. JOSE, Jan. 4.-rJames P. Sex,
a prominent young attorney of > this
city, was to-day appointed Deputy"DIs
trict Attorney.* He will succeed John
P. Fitzgerald of Gilroy, who was/ap
pointed by District Attorney Campbell
at the request of the Democrats of the
southern end of the county.' The ap
pointment of Sex is liable to cause an
estrangement between the "Democrats
of-this city and the'section about Fitz-"
gerald's home. ¦• ' • ;
Oakland Office San Francisco .Call.
1118 Broadway, Jan. 4.
The Board of Supervisors to-day re
pudiated C. S. MacMullan, contracts,
claims, bills, reports and all, and if the
man .who styled himself "Tax Expert"
of the county, of Alameda wants his
money, he will have to sue for it' The
board has also declared that though
MacMullan was employed to look up
property that had escaped taxation, he
was employed to report to the Board of
Supervisors, and the fact that he spoke
to . some of the members of the board
and then had his "discovered" assess
ments placed upon the' County Asses
sor's book was not living up to the
terms cf , his contract. MacMullan
filed a long document with the Super
visors, setting forth, the property that
he had discovered, which consists prin
cipally of j franchises, . but he : makes ' no
statement as to the amount cla'imed by
him for these discoveries. The report
was considered in a committee of the
whole and promptly, turned down, and
MacMullan has seen the last of the
Supervisors, unless he begins suit j
Mac Mullari "Will Have to Sue
on His Claim for Discovering
Property Not on the Bolls
RECEPTION IS TENDERED
:. EDUCATIONAL DIRECTOR
"Mr. and Mrs. Le Roy Burns Smith
were, tendered a pleasant reception in
the parlors of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association last night Mr. Smith
succeeds Mr. Macurda as director of
the educational work of the associa
tion. ?,;J> >;':<> \ \ -S'A
Mr. Macurda, the retiring director,
was presented with a handsome.testi
monial and spoke briefly . regarding
the r>ast and future educational work
of the association. - » !
Addresses. -were also made by Wil
liam Mullander,. chairman, of . the
evening, Rolla V. Watt. Secretary Mc-
Coy, Superintendent of Public Schools
Langdon and others. . An excellent
musical programme . was also, ren
dered. . . * . ;¦-...'
Prosecution Practically Abandons All
Hope of Mrs. Lillian Hltchcock-
Coit Appearing atTrial>,
Alexander B. Garnett again ap
peared before Judge Lawlor yesterday
to be arraigned on the charge of mur
der for shooting and killing Major J.;
W. Mc'dung in the apartments of Mrs.
Uilllan Hitchcock-Coit, Palace Hotel,
on' November 25.
When the case was called Attorney
W. D. Grady said he would represent
the defendant for the time being, but
he asked for a continuance* for a week,
as an attorney _was on his way from
the East to look after the interests t)f
the defendant. As no objection was
offered by the District Attorney, the
continuance was granted:
' ' The District Attorney has practically
abandoned all hope of Mrs. Coit being
present at the trial, as it Is generally,
conceded that she is on her way to
Paris. The evidence she "gave at- the
preliminary hearing Police
Judge Fritz will be read at the trial.. E
GARNETT GETS ANOTHER
V\ IjIjIv S • CONTI^ UA JTCE
SUPERVISORS
REJECT BILL
, WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— New Wil-
Jard— -O. V. Eaton, San Francisco; J.
B. Lippincott, Los Angeles.
Californians In \Ya*bfn«ton.
Canada produced over W.OOO.OOOworth
of pig iron last year.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Jan. 4. — A committee from
the Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen Is in
the cJty conf^rrtns with General Mam<>r
Mui2;e of the Santa Fe.
ROME Jan. 4. — Archbishop Gaidt. t?v»
Apostolic Delicate In the Philippines, report
ing to the Vatican on the settldment of th»
mars* land Question. «ays the In2aenc* of
Archbishop Ireland contributed largely to a
satisfactory «olutioa of the problem. **•«',
Two Plead Guilty to Charges of Burg
lary and One to Charge of -
Grand Larceny./
Three prisoners who were awaiting
trial in the Superior Court pleaded
guilty yesterday. In Judge Cook's
court t^^rick J. Nolan, a boy 18 years
of age, who was held to answer on
two charges of burglary for entering,
the offices of the Kuhlman Manufac
turing Company and Frank Eastman
&*Co.. 509 Clay street, on September
13, was allowed to plead guilty to two
charges of attempt to. commit burg
lary and will be sentenced on Satur
day.
Harry Harnish pleaded, guilty in
Judge .Lawlor's court to a charge of
burglary. He will be sentenced on
January 16, when the Judge will de
termine the degree of the crime. Har
nish broke into Gedrge Burnett's drug
store at 8 Turk street on November
13 ¦and was arrested on the premises.
He had previously , been employed
there.
C. D. O'Farrell pleaded guilty in
Judge Dunne's court to a charge of
grand larceny and will be sentenced
next Monday.. He was accused of
stealing $50 from Swan Erlcksen, a
sailor, on. October 21.
John Pryor. a Denver Bellboy, Enters
Room of Ross Varnum and
• - < ¦ • Is Captured.
John Pryor, a bellboy from Denver,
was booked at the City Prison yester
day morning by Detectives Bunner
and Freel on a charge of burglary. He
says he is only 17 years of age, but
he looks several years older.
Last Friday morning about 7
j'clock Pryor opened the window of a
bedroom occupied by Ross Varnum.
a miner from Fort Jones, Siskiyou
County, and his wife at 18 Ellis street.
Pryor had to crawl over the bed in
which Varnum and his wife were
sleeping and although- he was cau
tious in his movements he awoke Var
num, who promptly grappled with
him. ¦
Pryor fought despe'rately to get
away from Varnum's tenacious grasp,
but failed. The house was aroused by
the. struggle and a message was sent
to -police headquarters. Detectives
Bunner and Freel hurried to the house
and soon had the handcuffs on Pry
or'B wrists. Pryor was kept in "the
tanks". at the City. Prison till yester
day, when he was booked.
MIXER GRAPPLES WITH
\ A YOUTHFUL BURGLAR
PRISONERS SAVE CITY
EXPENSE OF TRIALS
Marriage licenses.
OAKLAND. Jan- 4. — The fallowing
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: "William H.
Southard, 36, and Helen E. Mulvey.
31, both of Seattle; Joseph' R. Clark.
40, and Ola B. Rodgers, 28, both of
San Francisco; Louis H. Daytpn, 21,
San Francisco, and Edith Noles. 13.
Brooklyn, X. T.; Joseph "W. Hardi
man, 21. San Francisco, and Mary E.
Keegan, 18, Alameda; .Daniel F. Silva.
26, Pinole, and Mamie D. Sllva, 18,
Alameda; Eugene Flanders, 40, and
Ella Burke, 26. both of Fruitvale.
travel can give. For the last year she
has been in Europe, r perfecting herself
in the French language.
Mrs.- F. Marlon Smith is Miss
Burdge's guardian. .And no daughter
could ha^ve been .educated with more
Iove'-and care, v The announcement of
Miss Burdce's "engagement was made
formally by Mrs. Smith at her recep
tion on New Year's day.
Xo date has been selected for the
happy event, but the wedding will take
place some time before the familyleaves
for their usual summering at Shelter
Island.
Mr. Miller is a descendant t the old
Pacheco family which is so prominent
ly identified with the early history of
California.
OAKLAND. Jan. , 4.— The announce
ment of Miss Anna' Mae"Bnrdge*s en
gagement to "Bernie" — ot more prop
erly, Bernard Pacheco " Miller— has
caused quite a ripple,, of, pleasant ex
citement among the bufls and belles of
Oakland, for the gallant young attor
ney has been one of the few eligibles,
and no smart function has been quite
complete without him. Even in the
old deux temps days he was a leader
and his histrionic ability has frequent
ly broueht him before the public at
charity affairs.
Few girls enjoy the sincere affection
with which Miss Burdge is regarded
by the members of her set. She is un
usually attractive, with that indefin
able charm which only culture and
I'EKSOXAL.
Dr. Merritt Hill of Los Angeles is
at the Palace.:
Peter Mufio. a merchant of Stock
ton, !*¦ at the Grand. •
T. R. Heintz, a mining man of Red
ding, is" at the Palace.
L. A. Elasingame, a stockman of
Fresno, is at the Grand.
Prison Director Don Ray and wife
of f Gait are at the Lick.
Rev. and Mrs. E.T. . Simpson of
Portland are at the Occidental.
K. F. J. Rea, -;i prominent re«ident
Cf Portland, is at the Palace.
L. C Swan, a cattleman of Vaca
ville. is registered the California.
\ R« C Bole, a prominent business
jnan'of Jackson, is at the California.
Dr. George W. Dwinnell of Monta
gue registered at the Palace yesterday.
O. A. Hale, one of the leading mer
chants of San Jose, is at. the Califor
nia. .
Dr. R. B. Irons, surgeon of the
Ftratnship Coptic, is staying at the
Californians in Xw York.
. NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— From San
Francisco — G; BuHington, at the West
minster; J. C. Campbell, at the Kpald
ing; J. C. Ctildbert and" wife, at the
Vendome; O. Granger and wife, at the
Everett; D. Hollahan, at the Con
tinental; W. F. Humphreys, at the
Holland; R. J. Jose and at the
Marlborough; J. J. Sarrett. at the Hol
land Ho\ise; J. F. Snedaker, at' the
Cosmopolitan; E. Talbot. at the Hotel
Manhattan; H. N. Terriil, at the Hotel
Xavarre; G. B. Ludlovv, at tho Park
» ™ ii U \f •
From Los Angeles — llr?. W. B'rown,
J. W. Brown, at the Hotel Xormandie.
ATTRACTIVE AND POPULAR OAKLAND GIRL AND YOUTHFUL DE
SCENDANT OF ONE OF THE OLD FAMILIES OF CALIFORNIA,
WHOSE ENGAGEMENT HAS BEEN ANNOUNCED.
Pioneer Ste-vedorc Dies.
Charles E. Haseltine, who has been
known along the water front since
1850. died at his home in this city
last Sunday. Mr. Haseltine came here
as master of the ship Glenco. but on
his arrival here sold out and engaged
in the stevedoring business. He was
the first man to engage in stevedoring
in this city and continued actively in
the business until flvfr years ago. -He
leaves five children. Charles . W-.
Louis B.. Harriet, Ruth and Eben B.
Haseltine and Mrs. William Carr. Mrs.
Haseltine died about six months ago.
The funeral will be held to-day from
the late residence of the deceased on
San Jose avenue.
• L* ¦
PREPARING TO FIGHT
THE WATER COMPANY*
BAN JOSE. Jan. 4.-The executive
committee cf the Home Protective As
sociation, composed of land owners who
propose to fight the diversion of water
from this county, has sent a letter of
inquiry -to the Bay Cities Water Com
pany in negard to its plans. It states
that the lands of the members of the
association are supplied with an untlei
rround water supply from the Coyote
River. The committee wants to know
if the Bay Cities Company proposes to
divert a large valume of water of the
Coyote River, and for what purpose. It
sleo asks where the ¦waters are to be
.used and the extent and character of
the boring*, excavations • and tunnels
now being made at Coyote station. The
committee also wants to know, what
amount of water will be taken from
the Coyote, Uvas and Llagas water
sheds, and if the said . diversion of
¦*ater diminishes the underground
v.ater supply will the company con
tinue the work. These questions are
.submitted in an endeavor to find out
the plans of the company before bring
ing suits.
E. J. Baldwin, who' arrived a few
days ago from Los An£eles, tells of the
rapid and phenomenal growth of that
section of Southern California sur
rounding the metropolis of the south.
Baldwin attributes the remarkable re
cent activity in rear estate and building
circles in the suburbs of Los Angeles
io the excellent system of electric rail
roads that are now In operation and in
course of construction for miles into the
country, all around the city, and pri
marily to the low rates of fare that the
railroads running into Los Angeles
have established of late, enabling tour
ists from the East to get to California
cheaply and see for themselves the
wonders of her soil. Baldwin said:
Never, in all of my travels ha.ve I 6«en a
city with bo many improvements going on as
are at present being made ia and about Los
Angeles. The new racetrack, known as Ascot
Park, is accountable -for the rapid growth
cf the section of, the city in uhieh it lies.
There are" seven electric lines running to the
park ar,d all of the suburban lines have built
their roads; so as to touch' It. Property has
risen in value more than double since the pro
posed building of the track became known,
and since . it started running. December 14.
there hag been- a little city in lu>elf. built
around it. It* is on the southern end of town,
at the. end of South Park avenue, ani several
oth^rti-c-ads have t>een built" to.lt.
NEW CAR WORKS BUILDING.
II. E. Huntlngton bought, a short time ago.
forty acres of land at the southern limits of
the town, on whlofc he is going to erect -car
ehops for the repair of his rolling stock and
the building of new cars, as * oon as this
tecame known there was a rush to secure
j. rcjK-rty around the proposed works. Real
estate men b^gan to erect' offices, but before
they had established them the lets were all
eoM and they had no ueed of offices.
I have held eighty acres of .suburban land
on tbe outskirts of the city for many years.
Last Tuesday, af:er having it cut u;< into lots.
I ftarted to. sell ar.<l have already disposed of
one-half of the lots. The ertire southwest.
as you come in from Pasadena. i« one mass
cf hew residences, completed and In the course
or construction. The building permits taken
out in l»s Ang'I's for the last year have rep
resented jlearly a rr.IHLun anj a (.uarter of
dollars a. month. One can travel all .over
th» city and, with all its vast number of
new residences.- will see there Is not a house
to let. . ; .„••-..
Tbej are building ' a new driveway from
Los Ancelei toward San Bernardino and R»d
!«'..;= and it is going *to be one o? the finest
in America. It is all- curbed ajiti has 'side
walks «n each side. New roadi Dre being
constructed t-verywbere. From Ascot Park
roacs are btinp . run out Into th» country in
all directions. All of the buildings erected,
both business and residence, are of a very
fine class. H. E. _Huntin£ton '1* erecting a
building cf steel on the corzvr of Main and
Sixth streets that will be twice as large as
the -Flood buildingr now near" comoietion at
Powell and Market streets in this city.
I am surprtfrd. that, coasid^rir.s the high
trice o'; material. and labor, there ;.- so much
l.aild!r.r being done. All of 'he Southern
• /alifornia suburban towns are ct>m!n«? up. Th»
r. -.:..:.-» around- Los Angeles are b^ir.g cut up
Into building'lots and ntw towns art spriug-
Lng-up-riKhi .slonc. .The larrof rs Jre all prca
(¦esoba a: ; tji»y havt a market" ?or. their cro
du*e rirbt.fn the ctty.of.Le* AnecJc*.
MANV TOURISTS COME.
An immense ruaW'ff tourists has'- b»en
Arourfct ltrtQ- the -soutberjB -part of -tbe State
by the low rates that th<?' railroad^ have b^n
jrfvj-ij;. -Why. on on* Say '!a«t the Santa
Ke'luuiroad brought in -Ct'j people, and. during
th^ rest of the week they brought in over »XR>
daily. • W!th it all real estate is reasonable.
I know * ' car^ater down tbTe who during
the la?t fight y?ars has purchased 400 lots
and f-rected houc«-s en them and to-day Jie
hat net two of them left. All were beautiful
examtA** of architecture and no two were
al!k». That is a i**culiar feature about the
house* erected down there. With ali of the
vast r.uir.b«?r that have been built one never
Mtl two alike; and all are beautiful. Many
of the private rfsid*nc»>5 5n and about Los
Alirctet com from S15O.U"0 to S2U0.O00. The
tmmCM around the residences are little- parks
in th«-m«*iv*!i and it would jtec-m an ¦ impos
sibility to make them look any .prettier than
tb«-y <Jo-
On* can hardly realize what is coins' on
around Lcs Ar.gelr* anfl all through the south
ern part Of the State, and to really believe
all that «s--told you about the place you
ir.UFt tee ft '"yourself. 'The whole secret ia
that - there are -electric lines running- wrery
wfcene. giving quick service »t a lower figure
than the stta.ni ' cars can. Klectrtc Iin*s run
miles into the country and carry a great many
passengers.
INDEPENDENT OF AaIN*.
The 'ounties around Lor Ar.gf:!e^ have no
fear of» a drought any more. They can exist
Independently ot-the rain. Wells' iu sreat num
bers hav, been *>unk on tbe various ranches,
giving -an inexhaustible' supply ot water. The
big ranches around Los Angeles are all be
ta* cut up Into town sites and lots for coun
try r»i=ideneeiF. It will be but a phort time
wh«t; there ¦ will be no ranches in t!>e im
mediate vicinity of the city.
J>os Angeles. Ventura. Orange and a -part
of San Bernardino counties have a cash value
of prodMcts of from $15.OOO.O»O to $18,000,000
a yv-ar and every dollar Is money from the
outside". Los Angeles is rapidly becoming a
Krrat manufacturing town. Glass works, bot
tle works and machine shops and many other
kinds of manufactories have been started.
. Owing te ch»>arn«<s of fuel, this part of the
Htate In bound to build up as a manufactur
ing cntT a* things can be produced there at
a much lees cost than in the Hast, where fuel
corts more.. AVe have an unllmitt-d supply of
crude oil and the ground has been but
scratched over as yet. • ,
. The ,ncw. Ascot Park racetrack Is without
a doubt the best in the country, it not -the
world. It has a wonderful soil. There is not a
prain of gra\-el the size of a pea in the whole
track. It is formed of a soft soil, about the
consistency of flour. It appears to be the
Mrdinu-nt of a/ river that at one time flowed
over the spot. The rain, instead of .making a
Flow track, makes it much faster. The. track
ia a b'g success, affording a place of amuse
ment to thousands of Eastern tourists who
come to Los Angeles for the' winter. It Is a
fine thing for the neighborhood and has raised
the pri<-*- of property for one mile around over
%:..'•> i'.ix-i. I have some 80 acres of land near
the park which I gave an option on of 1100.
(*JO a month ago. The people let the option
run out, 'and when . they came around again
wanting to get the land at the same figure it
had increased in value to ¦ $500,000. 1 have
2U.O0O feet of front that win bring $20 a foot.
Tho track is* but a 23-minute ride- from the
center of Los "Angeles. *
MORE BEAUTIFUL HOMES.
Over toward Santa Monica there han also
bwn a wonderful growth. It in no uncom
mon occurrence to see -forty or, fifty expensive
residence* going up at the same time. The
man who owned a great deal of the land In
that ftlM I Kill made all parties purchasing lota
from him -agree to build none but expensive
resiliences on. them. His aim was to keep the
wction like a' park flllod with beautiful houses
and grounds. There are eight or ten «uch
neetionn around Los Angeles where, for a mile
or so 'the residences are beautiful in the ex
treme, the whole of .them »eemlng" to- be a
I art of a vast artificial park.
\Vh«>n the first electric line wu built to
Monrovia. Arcadia .and -Santa. 1 Anita,' little
suburban placr-8 ea*t of .the city about twelve
or fourteen miles, they carried the first day of
their operation thirty 'passengers where the
Eteam cars before carried but one. It it but
a question of timp^ when these electric lines
will be extended 'to San Francisco.'
There ' are little towns all -along the line
from . Los Anseles to the San Gabriel River
and in a.' xhort'time they will be united into
one . extended settlement.
The old highway usM by the early-day
padres and known as "El Camlno Real 'runs
rijrht by my property, and if a movement' Is
c-ver got under way to rebuild It I win be
willinE to build the portion that iroes through
my lajvi-and I think- that all of the- property
owners in the Kouth wilt do the same. If
built "* it '"will create a great boom in property
near which it passes.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214S Center street. Jan. 4.
Drifting with the tide and containing
k coat, oars and a lr>t f loaded gun
cbelis, a hunting skiff was carried past
Bristol street early this morning. It
¦may tell a grim story of a hunter who
fell overboard while out gunning along
"the bay shore. No reports have been
received cf a man missing, however,
and it is just possible that the "boat
accidentally went adrift.
The boat was found by Samuel
Smith, a boy, of 1S32 Sixth street. It
was brought ashore and the pockets of
the coat searched. All that was found
hi them was an empty whisky flask,
the contents of which may have caused
b. tragedy. The coat was of a. gTeenish
color ar.d made of the material of
which overcoats are manufactured.
The makers are Couse &. Burgel of
Utica. N. T. . . .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
; . 1118 Br.adway, Jan. 4.
Joseph Mcllwaine. the only son and
heir of the late "Jose Mcllwaine and
Margaret Mcllwaine, has commenced
a contest of his mother's will as a start
in a battle to establish his right, a3 the
onry child, to an Interest In the fortune
his father and mother left. By a com
bination of circumstances young Mc
llwaine stands absolutely disinherited
and dependent entirely upon the whim
or discretion of James H. Jellett, an at
torney of San Francisco, who is named
in one of the wills* as sole trustee and
executor of the father's estate, without
bonds. -
The contest which was filed to-day in
behalf of the son by Attorney .A. P.
Leach alleges that the mother was of
unsound mind. The circumstances in
volved run back "to the father's will,
wherein he left his estate to Jellett, as
trustee, with authority to sell all of it
and convert it into cash. Mrs. Mcll
waine was to have a life income in the
estate. The only exception was, that
Jellett was granted authority to pay
such an amount as he deemed advisable
to the son for his support, and at the
son's death Mcllwaine's sisters In the
East were to receive the residue.
Mcllwaine was a wealthy Pennsyl
yanian who made a- fortune in San Sal
vador as an architectural draughts
man. He accumulated various proper
ties and settled in Oakland in, 1900.
establishing a home at 517 Eighteenth
street. There the parents resided until
July 31. 1903, when the father died
rather unexpectedly. The will was
shortly afterward produced by Jellett
who is of the San Francisco law firm
of Jellett & Myer stein, and probated.
Jellett assumed the duties of executor
and trustee. Mrs. Mcllwaine decided
that she would take the life income in
the estate rather than one-half of the
property, to which she was entitled.
But five days before her death she
changed her mind and revoked her
waiver of the community interest.
Mrs. Mcllwaine died in November.
Her son at once applied for letters of
administration on her estate, but was
blocked. Trustee Jellett came into
court with a will in which Mrs. Mclil
waine gave all of her Interest In her
husband's estate to the same sisters the
husband had mentioned. This will re
cited that no provision had been made
for the son because he was amply pro
vided for by the husband's will. Jel
lett was named as sole executor with
out bonds of the mother's will.
But he declined to act, because of the
conflict of interests, John .Lewis,
through Attorney I. F. Chapman, being
naraca. and filing a petition for letters
-of "administration with the mother's
will annexed.
Now comes the son with his contest.
And this is but preliminary to a legal
battle that will be made to smash both
wills, and to establish the son's claims
to a share in his parents' fortune,
worth, it is estimated, at least- 5200,000.
Young Mcllwaine, according to his
father's wili, had been reckless in finan
cial matters, and for that reason was
put under control of a trustee. But the
voung man claims that since Jellett as
sumed the office he hes not received a
penny for support, vras refused even
the money necessary to get garments to
make a presentable appearance at his
mother's funeral, and has been other
wise kept without means of livelihood.
More than that. Mcllwaine declares
that by means of a suit brought in the
Superior Court, Jellett is trying to com
pel the son to surrender the household
furniture at the place on Eighteenth
street, though the young man asserts it
was a gift to him from his dying
mother. •
As matters now confront the son, he
declares he cannot get a cent from
Trustee Jellett. who has. under the
wills, absolute control over the two
estates' In so far as the contestant is
concerned. Concerning the claim that
the mother was not sound mentally,
the story is told that in 18S0 her mind
was seriously' affected by a \ sudden
fright while she was very low from a
tropical fever in San Salvador. A na
tive servant of her husband ran amuck
and ' smashed into the sick woman's
chamber, causing the patient a. very se
vere shock.
• Further than that, Mcllwaine has in
hand an'attack on his father's will, the
details of which are in the bands of
Attorney Leach.
General interest was aroused in San
Francisco and throughout the State
yesterday by The Call's exclusive an
nouncement that a system of wireless
telegraphy had been installed between
the Farallones and Point Reyes. Great
satisfaction was felt »liat the experi
ment h*l proved an unqualified suc
cess and that CaJIfornia was to :eap
material benefits therefrom.
Professor McAdie held an ali day's
reception at his offices on the tenth
floor, of the Mills building yesterday.
His callers one and all gavft aim the
heartiest congratulations an& wished
him continued success.
The military and naval authorities
were particularly interested in the re
sult of the scientist's labors. Employes
in each of these departments of the
Government have been striviifg to ac
compliih the successful installation of
a system of "wireless 'telegraphy and.
although there is naturally some dis
appointment that the" Weather Bureau
has beaten them, the representatives
of both departments are gratified that
the Government will receive the bene
fits of the Inventions. . ¦
The commercial j men are exultant.
They realize what the application of
McAdie's system to the ships -of this
port means for the exporters and im
porters directly and the wholesalers
and retailers indirectly. The Call was
everywhere praised for. its great fight
for wireless -telegraphy on this coast
and the victory which comes with the
achievement of the Weather Bureau
experts. There was a considerable
amount of talk among the commercial
men yesterday suggestive of the erec
tion of the necessary apparatus for
wireless telegraphy on Lime Point, thus
making the chain of communication
complete.
LIVES MAY BE SAVED.
Shipping men are anxious to have the
new system put into working shape as
speedily as possible. As soon as the
practicability of the scheme is estab
lished steps .will undoubtedly be taken
to equip vessels of this port with the
necessary apparatus. Wireless teleg
raphy in •general use at San Francisco
will probably result in the saving not
only of property but of many, lives.
When a ship is in communication with j
parties ashore the chances of getting
out of trouble are much better than if ,
the vessel's officers have to rely merely
on their own resources.
The facility in transmitting .urgent j
messages and the speed of dispatching !
mails which will be. gained by the j
adoption of the new system of commun
ication are benefits which wlllbe par
ticularly appreciated by the people at
large. The ranchers and the fruit grow
ers also fully realize what a material
benefit they will receive by the gen-,
eral use of wireless telegraphy at the
port of San Francisco. The "Weather
Bureau with its then acquired facilities
for gathering meteorological data will
be able much better than now to fore
cast the fair days and the rainy.
In case of war the public will feel j
much better protected from an enemy ,
with the knowledge that the army and
navy will have plenty of warning of the j
approach of a hostile fleet. The scien- j
tists are extremely anxious to . learn j
how McAdie and Thiessen, his assist- |
ant, managed to get their system to j
working in a practical way.
SECRECY IS ORDERED.
The Washington authorities, for rea- ,
sons that may easily be surmised, have •
ordered that no information of the j
character of the important Inventions ;
applied In the new system be given out. ;
Patents will be taken out on every one j
of the delicate pieces of machinery;
which are original with McAdie and j
Thiessen. The combinations of certain :
chemicals, the method of arranging
certain electrical apparatus and the j
working formulae will • be kept secret j
until such time as the Government of- i
ficials may wish to have the public j
know how it has all been done.
It is likely that the Weather^ Bureau
will establish another station hear the
entrance to the harbor at an early date.
Military and naval officials will soon
inspect McAdle'a plant on orders from
Washington for the purpose of study
ing the practicability of using the new j
system in active warfare.
It is expected that McAdie will be re
lieved from his arduous duties as chief
of the local branch of the Weather Bu
reau and given directions to spend his
en,tire time and "devote the whole of his
attention to wireless telegraphy. The
professor states thai he will not request
that he be transferred to duty in the
new field. He feels, nevertheless, that
he could do better work on his proposed
improvements If he could give his un
divided attention to them. The men
who are interested in what McAdie
may further accomplish in the science
of wireless telegraphy are anxious that
he be temporarily relieved from duty
as district forecaster.
JJNE WORKS PERFECTLY.
The new line worked perfectly all day
yesterday. Thiessen and Hobbs were
sending and receiving messages at tne
Farallones and Thompson" was engaged
in the same work at Point Reyes. Since
the thing first began to work the oper
ators have been, able to see how they
could improve the service. Before mes
sages were transmitted first the diffi
culty was in discovering where the
hitch was.
The Weather Bureau's cable line got
out of order yesterday, and. the only
means of communication between the
inhabitants of the Farallones and the
mainland was by means of the wireless
telegraph. Every piece of apparatus is
in -working shape. Thlessen and Mc-
Adie expect to make improvements in
insulation and to cause the receiver to
keep more constant."
The weather conditions are said not
to affect the successful operation of the
electrical instruments, and this Is one
bf= the best features of the system.;
ALAMEDA, Jan. 4.— Efforts made by
interested persons to-night to hasten
action on the part of the City Trustees
in reopening the matter of the two rail
road franchises did not meet with the
general approval of the four members
of the municipal board present at the
meeting of the local lawmakers.
Attorney George T. "Wright, his broth
er-in-law. H. M- Landsberger. and Da
vid Hirschfeld appeared before the City
Trustees for the purpose of urging im
mediate action on the franchises which
were offered the Southern Pacific Com
pany and refused by that corporation.
Wright said: "This matter should be
brought to a finish. The City Trustees
should settle the franchise question
once and for all."
"We have done our best to settle the
matter." interrupted City Trustee C. J.
Hammond. "We offered the ¦ franchises
to the Southern Pacific Company once
and they refused. If the corpora
tion BtlU desires the privileges It Is In
order for It to come to us. and not for
us to go to the company."
Hirschfeld remarked: "I wouM give
the franchise to the Southern Pacific
Company for fifty or for a hundred
years if It would settle this matter. I
have land to sell, but cannot sell It un
til the franchises are finally disposed
of. It will not shut out competition to
award these franchises to the Southern
Pacific Company. We will have oppo
sition passenger service within, eighteen
months from the Realty Syndicate.'*
No action was taken by the City Trus
tees with respect to the franchises, and
there was a disposition on the part of
the municipal legislators to allow the
status of the rejected privileges to re
main as it is.
City Trustee Dr. H. M. Pond moved to
have the Chief of Police instructed to
remove all nickel-in-the-slot machines,
saying' that every •well-regulated mu
nicipality was abolishing the use of
such gambling devices within its limits.
There was no second to Dr. Pond's mo
tion. He will again bring the matter
before his colleagues at a meeting of
the committee of the whole.
Sportsman May Have Slept on
Land While Craft Got Away
or May Have Fallen Overboard
Phenomenal Forward Move
. ment Attributed to Electric
Lines and Low Tourist Fares
Wireless Telegraph Line Is
Working in Splendid Shape
and Jubilation Is General
Only Child Is Left Practically
Disinherited and Subject to
the Orders of Outsiders
Efforts of Interested Persons
to Hurry Trustees Fail to
Meet With Hearty Approval
B0V PICKS UP DERELICT
DEPENDENT ON TRUSTEE
FARMS CUT Uf INTO LOTS
IMPROVEMENTS EXPECTED
BOARD TAKES NO ACTION
Hunting Skiff Floats in Bay,
Carrying Man's Coat. Loaded
Shells and an Empty Flask
Forecaster McAdie Receives
Many Congratulations Over
Success of His Experiment
Attacks AVill of Mother as
Preliminary to Battle for a
Share of Parents' Estates
Southern Pacific 3fakes >"o Fur
ther 3Jove *in the 3Iatter
of the 'Alameda Franchises
Bemarkable Activity in -Build
ing and Seal Estate Exists
in and Around Los Angeles
Engagement of Miss Mae Burdgeand Bernard Pacheco Mil
ler Causes a. Ripple of Pleasant Among the
Buds and Belles, for -Both the Young People* Are Favorites
DR1FTING BOAT
CAUSES ALARM
SON CONTESTS
FOR A FORTUNE
BALDWIN TELLS
OF THE SOUTH
FINDS LABORS
APPRECIATED
ROAD EVINCES
LITTLE HASTE
POPULAR YOUNG ATTORNEY
AND SOCIETY GIRL TO WED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 190*.
4
' " XTCW ADVEHTISElttEMTS*
EAZS "WOJTT FAX.£ OUT
IT Ton Kill the Dandruff Germ ¦With the
Sew Treatment.
John N. Fuller, a wcM-known citizen
«f -Oolfax. Wash.. Kays: "I had dandruff
eo badly that it cajced on my ecalp. Her-
picide completely cured me." George H.
McWhirk of Walla Walla. Wash., says:
"Herpicide xompletely cured me of n bad
case ot dandruff of 30 years* standing."
They took the only r*-a.lly sensible treat-
m«Tit. a remedy that dt-Ptroys the dan-
druff perm — Ncwbro's irerpicide. Stop
dandruff, hair won't fall out. but will
jrrow naturally, luxuriantly. Allays itch-
ing instantly and makes hair Klossy and
soft as Eillc One bottle will convince
any doubter of It* merits. Sold by Icad-
ing^druKirlstB. ' Send" 10c '.In s^mps for
wimple to the Herpicide Co., Detroit.
Mirh. . . . , .
Crooked Teeth Straightened.
Diseased, and inflamed gums treated
and cured .and teeth cleaned . free.
Roots and broken down teeth can be
.saved for years and avoid the incon-
venience of wearing a plate. AU work"
done for the cost of material. Week
days, 9 to g. Sundays, 9 to 1. Pain-
Jess methods a specialty. Extraction
free. Graduates pnly. Full guarantee.
Postgraduate Deiital College
. - San Francisco — 3 Taylor Street. •
. Oakland— 973 ¦ Washington Street. .-
Bin Jose— 45 part Santa Clara Street.
Sacramento — W/7W3 Street.
pit, PIESCE'S "R-P.m Bntra
HURRY UP!
Everywhere °?« neara that expression
¦hurry up!" It is a genuine Amexicanisa
• v expressire of the
v v "resh" in which we
X Utc. Nothing: is swift
v-2sw 1 l enough f or ns. We
l^JSga^ * race against iteta
«fia f * ad lijatniaj and find
JksI 5? Si i them alow. We
vnfisS" 1^ t *w rrod^e the timeg^Tea
M rC jil I l to * atia ar. *°d rush
jg^O Cry 1 throujh tr-als u
J&giBJk Cj I tnonjb life depended
4|£Ct|a(o j upon our haste.
Pw* i$*Bl I 1 **'* e does depent. on
f\*|-s '-jEyflli- _' L/**i oqr haste, but not in
%ki t: -^-P'S3tL?I that »«»e- Look . at
h > "^¦fciS' | Ml l^ e °k* t ' car T columns
SSS^sT » * of tne papers lad
r $f*5£fi Bee 0TV mzn ? proni-
rr ? S M \ y nent atn are carried
lc^' -I !-&• aw *7 by "stomach
graK£$\--OjU trouble," "acute indi*
r esstion " and other r--
rQaak' lateddi^ases. Thei.
I li»§i Vivt* haye in
I ** =a s * CT ifi ce 3 to the
\Mm\ taste tad rush of
|g#!§f 1 business which OTer-
Jsglin ' locked the fact that
<^§wlr~s-^\ f°°d can only nourish
JS/m ¦ -J-.- the body when dqrest-
WK^^ e d and assimilated
" . •nd that the digestive
and asstnulatiTe processes can't he hurried.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discover,
cures diseases of the stomach and the asso-
ciated organs of digestion and nutrition.
The source of all physical strength is food,
properlTdiffested and perfectly assimilated.
By enabhaar the perfect durestion aad assim-
llatioa of food "Golden llcdieal Discover?"
increises and enriches the blood «upplT
and tends new Btrength to ewry organ of
the doot.
"I was at ens Xims as I fnca»nt almost «t
deatVs door.- write. Mr. J. S. T?il, of T^ndo.
Van Barea Co.. Iowa, ifwas confined to mV
howe aad part of the time to my bed. 1 had
t**«» qtaotities of medicines but they only
•«?«* to feed the dHease ; but I mwt m r SLt
•Golden Medical Discovery' has cured m«\ and
to-day I am stouter than I have been for twenty
year*. I am now forty-three years old."
?Free. Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser sent
free to you on receipt of stamp* to u*r
expense of mailing only. Sex*' thirty-one
one-cent stamps for cloth bo^nd book orDOCTORS^ DISAGREE
IN DUNSMUIR CASE
Delegates j to ' Livestock . Convention.
SACRAMENTO, Jan.
Pardee this- afternoon appointed, the
following delegates ' to the National
Livestock" and Wool Growers'-Conven
tion, to' be held at Portland, Ore., from
January 1 11 to- 15: H.'.A." Jastro, Ba
kersfleld: Edward ,W. Howard. - San
Mateo; B. F. Rush.; Suisun. The last
named is presidentof the State" Agri
cultural ; Society.
, -.BRISBANE. Queensland,^ Jan. 4. —
The . natives - of Parrhaven,' German
New Guinea, on November 14 killed
two Europeans— an engineer named
Dowel! and a trader, Erhardt— two
Chinese and ten .friendly natives. A
punitive .expedition sent against the
naf?ves killed twenty r flve of the hos
tiles. The trouble arose over a land
dispute.
Two Europeans . and Two . .Chinese
Killed by .Hostiles — Punitive Ex
•pedition Avenges Slaughter.
MEET. DEATH AT HANDS
OF NATIVES OF NEW GUINEA
NEW TORK, Jan. 4.— The resigna
tion of Horace G. Burt as president of
the Union Pacific Railway probably
will be "presented to a meeting of the
directors of the company this week.
In well informed circles the belief
prevails that it will be accepted and
that substantial recognition of- Burt's
services will be made.
The reports that E. H. Harriman
will succeed . him are encouraged in
higher quarters, though the name of
J. C. Stubbs is also frequently heard
in conection with the prospective va
cancy.
nior That Harriman # Will Be
Directors' yCholce.
Higher Officials, However, Credit Ku-
HAMBURG, Jan. 4.— The German
cruiser Cordoba, from Santos, Brazil.
November 25, via Bahia, December 2,
has been released. from quarantine.
'An inquiry into the mortality among
the rats, on the cruiser Cordoba con
firmed the report that they had died
of- bubonic plague. The vessel was
towed to Strandhaff. and quarantined.
There was no sickness among the crew
and it was officially announced that
the precautions taken precluded the
possibility of public danger.
Vessel Quarantined at Strandhaff Until
Danger of Spread of Disease
• ¦ Is Passed.
PLAGUE INFECTED RATS
, ,,' ON THE CRUISER CORDOBA
MANILA. Jan. 2.— Perez, who saved
the life of General Smith from am
bush, and who was a former secret
service man under . General Mac>
Arthur, was garroted . recently with
two companions at San Carlos for
murder.
Ricarte. the recently returned exile
from Guam, now in hiding from the
authorities in this city, has written a
letter outlining a new revolution. It
is not considered seriously by the Gov
ernment. *
Life and Served MacArthnr, One
. ; . of the Culprits.
Perex, Who Saved General Smith's
TWO NATIVE FILIPINOS
. GARROTED FOR MURDER
case to-day, ;. refuting evidence given
for the.plaintifTby New Tork medical
men that Dunsrauir had shown symp
toms of alcoholic dementia. The evi
dence of TDn Huntington and Dr. .Col
bert was read to^Dr. Davis arid he said
the symptom's described by . them
showed -Dunsrriuir to ' be ' on a pro
tracted s'pree y nothing more. They did
not show, alcoholic dementia and
Dunsmuir would be as 'sane as ever
when he recovered' from his drunk.
The evidence-' of - Dr.! ' Marshall of New
York that the I use of liquor brought
on locomotor ataxia was, read to the
witness and Dr. Davis said if.Dr. Mar
shall had' said that he did not know
what he was. talking about.
Columbia,' met here to-day .in annual
session. The election of -officers will
take I place j to-morrow and* a proposed
cut # of from 10 to 20 per cent in wages
of all Washington mills will be taken
up and discussed. •_ * .
The president of the international
union is William Hubbell, of . Ballard
and W. H. Clock of Everett is secre
tary. Vj2.~-'V.
STCBBS' NAME MENTIONED
AS SUCCESSOR TO BURT
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.—Accompany
ing President message to
Congress were copies .of notes • ex-
President Throws Light Upon the Re
cent Exchange of . Xotes.
CORRESPONDENCE WITH REYES.
escape waited outside of the jail with
a rope to assist the bandit in his de
scent from the roof.
Governor Makes Appointments.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 4. — Governor
Pardee to-day apointed the following
members of the Board of Agriculture
in the Twenty-ninth District, Tuol
umne County: Claude I. MeJLain, vice
Thomas Burney, deceased; William
Sharwood and John "W. Major, vice
themselves, terms expired.
Mayor Hassctt Takes His Scat.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 4.— W. J. Has
sett (Democrat) to-day succeeded
George H. Clark (Republican) as
Mayor of Sacramento. Albert Elku3
was re-elected president of the Board
of Trustees.
The Old Humpbacks
Are not to be compared to our new
patent back flat-opening blank books,
which cost" no more than the old style
and are infinitely better. We are agents
for Berkshire typewriting papers. Regal
pencils and headquarters for all office
supplies. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ADMIT THEY SMUGGLED
SAWS TO EMIL KOESKI
Urotlu rs of Man Under Indictment for
Car Barn Murders, Confess Guilt
\Yhep Arrested. •
CHICAGO. Jan. 4. — Otto Roeski, 22
jenrs of age, and Herman Roeski, 33
years old. brothers of Emil Roeski,
who is under indictment for the car
barn murders, were arrested here to
day. Suspicion that they planned to
blow up the County Jail* to liberate
their brother was aroused when it was
reported that they had nitro-glycerin,
candles, steel saws and files when ar
rested.
After arrest Otto Roeski confessed
to having smuggled saws to his
brother. Emil, in the County Jail. The
saws used by' Emil Roeski in his at
tempt to escape were found in his cell.
They were concealed in a slight
crevice in the steel plating in the ceil
ing. Soap had been smeared over the
crevice. .
The two brothers were held under
jr^OO bonds. Otto told in detail' how
be and Herman on the night of the
The construction of the canal was to be
relocated to the indefinite future, while Co
lombia was. by reason of her own delay, to
be placed in the "more advantageous" position
of claiming not merely compensation to be
paid by the United States for the privilege
of completing the canal, but also the $10,000.
000 authorized by the act of 19O2 to be paid
for the property of the new Panama Canal
Company. That the attempt to carry out. this
scheme would have brought Catombia into
conflict with the Government of France can
not be d.-.ubted: nor could y.e United States
have counted upon an immunity from the
consequences of the attack, even apart from
the indefinite delays to which the constructed
canal was to be subjected. On the first' ap
pearance of danger to Colombia this Govern
ment would have been summoned to Interpose
In order to give effect to the guarantees of
the treaty of 1840; and all this in support of
a' plan, which characterised In its first stage
by the - wanton disregard of our own highest
Interests, was fltiy to end In further injury to
citizens of a friendly nation, whoae mormons
losses in their generous efforts to pierce the
isthmus have become a matter of liistory. •¦
'I confidently maintain' that the recognition
of the republic of Panama was an act justified
by the Interests of collective civilization. If
ever a Government could be said to have re
ceived a .mandate from civilization to effect
an object the accomplishment of which was
demanded in tbe Interests of mankind, the
United States holds that position with regard
to the Interoceanic canal. Since our purpese
to . build the canal was definitely announced
there have come from, all quarters assurances
of approval and encouragement, in which' even
Colombia herself at one time participated; and
to general assurances were added specific acts
This recognition was further Justified by
the hlgheet considerations of our national In
terests and safety., in all the range of our
International relations 1 do not hesitate to
affirm that there Is nothing of greater cr
more pressing Importance than the construc
tion of an Interoceanic canal. Long acknowl
edged to be essential , to our commercial de
velopment it has become, as the result of the
recent extension of our territorial dominion,
more than ever essential to our national self
defense. The establishment of easy and speedy
communication by between the Atlantic
and the Paciflc presents Itself not simply a.«
somelMne to be desired, but aa an ebjee to
be positively and promptly attained. Reasons
of convenience have been superseded by reasons
of vital necessity , which do not of in
definite delays.
VAST INTERESTS
OF
IN THE BALANCE
The President then cites the fact that
the Panama Canal Commission of the
Colombian Senate had, on October 14
last, recommended that the discussion
of a law to authorize the Government
to enter upon new negotiations be in
definitely postponed, that the subject
be deferred until October, 1904. By
that, time, the committee urged, the
extension of time granted to the new
Panama Company by treaty in 1S93
Would have expired and the new Con
gress to meet in October, 1904, would,
be in a position to take up the ques
tion whether the company had not, in
spite of further extension that had
been granted by legislative acts, for
feited its property and rights.
"When that time arrives," the re
port significantly declares, says the
President, "the republic, without any
impediment will be able to contract
and will be in more clear, more defi
nite and more advantageous posses
sion, both legally and materially."
President Roosevelt says: '
It was under these circumstances that the
United States Instead of uslnr it* forces to
destroy those who sought to make the en
gagements of the treaty a reality recognized
them as the proper custodian of the sov
creiznty of the isthmus.
voke the intervention of the United
States. He Continues:
The President says that long before
the conclusion of the Hay-Herran
treaty the course of events had shown
that a canal must be built by the
United States or not at all. Neverthe
less, when the well considered agree
ment was rejected by Colombia and
the revolution had ensued, one of
Colombia's first acts has been to in-
This article is sometimes discussed as If the
latter cu.uantee constituted its sole object and
bound the United States to protect the sover
eignty of New Granada against domestic revo
lution. N« tt-.HK. however, could be more erro
neous than this supposition. ••••••
Ti:t- bUackS aculns: './'-ich the United States
engaged to protect New Granadan. sovereignty
w«;rc thoae «.•:.• foreign. j^iwcr*. but th.« fijr.ig;
ment was only a means to the accomplishment
of a yet more important end. The great design
of 'the article was to assure the dedication of
the isthmus to the purpose of free and unob
structed Interoceanic transit, the consummation
of which would be found in an interoceanic ca
nal. To the accomplishment of this object the
Government of the United States had for years
directed its diplomacy.
Referring to the treaty of 1S46, ':by
the thirty-fifth article of which the
United States secured the right of a
free and open transit across the isth
mus of Panama and to that end agreed
to guarantee to New Granada Her
rights of sovereignty and property
over that territory," the President
said:
By the unanimous action of its people, with
out firing a shot— with a unanimity hardly
before recorded in any similar case — the peo
ple of Panama declared themselves an Inde
pendent republic. Their recognition by this
Government was based upon a state of facts
In no way dependent for its justification upon
our action in ordinary cases. I have net de
nied, nor do I wish to deny, either the valid
ity or the propriety of the general rule that
a new state should not be recognized as In
dependent until it has shown its ability to
maintain Its lndenender.ee. This rule is de
rived from . the principle of non-intervention,
and as a corollary cf that principle,
has generally been observed by the
United States. But like the principle from
which it Is deduced, the rule Is subject to ex
ceptions, and there are In my opinion clear and
imperative reasons why a departure, from It
was justified and even required In the recent
instance. -These reasons embrace — first; our
treaty rights; eecond, our national interests
and safety, and third, the interests of collec
tive civilisation.
by the firmness -and with
which Commander Huboard carried out
his orders arid prevented either party
from attacking the other. The action
was for the peace of both Colombia and
Panama. It is earnestly to • be .'hoped
there will be no unwise conduct' on our
part which may encourage Colombia to
embark on a war which cannot result
in her regaining control of the isthmus,
but which may cause much bloodshed
and suffering. I
I hesitate to refer to the injurious insinua
tions which have been made of complicity by
this Government In the revolutionary movement
in Panama. They are as destitute of founda
tion a« of propriety. The only excuse for my
mentioning them Is the fear lest unthinking
persons might mistake for acquiescence the
silence of mere self-respect: I think proper
to eay. therefore, that no one connected wiU)
th!«> Government had any part In preparing:,
inciting or encouraging the late revolution
on the Isthmus of Panama, and that save
from the reports of "our military and naval of
flcer*, given above, no one connected with
this Government had any previous knowledge
of th« -revolution except such as w.is accessible
to any- person of ordinary 'Intelliyr-nco who
re«d the newfpaiwrs rnd kept up a current tc
qualntance w u !i public affairs. ..
REASONS ARE GIVEN
FOR RECOGNITION
OF NEW REPUBLIC
Failure to act as the administration
acted would have meant great waste of
life, great suffering, great destruction
of property,- all of which' was avoided
It thus clearly appears that the fact
that there was r.o bloodshed on the
isthmus was directly due— and only due
—to the prompt and firm enforcement
by the United States of its traditional
policy. During the past forty years
revolutions and attempts at revolution
have succeeded one another with mo
notonous regularity onjhe isthmus, and
again and again United States sailors
and marines have been landed as they
were landed in this instance and under
similar instructions to protect transit.
One of these resolutions resulted ' in
three years of warfare, and the aggre
gate uf bloodshed and misery caused
by them has been incalculable. The
fact that in this last revolution not "a
life was lost, save that of the men
killed by the shells of the Colombian
gunboat, and no property destroyed,
was due to the action which I have de
scribed. We. in effect, policed the isth
mus in the interests of its inhabitants
and of our own national needs and for
the good of the entire, civilized world.
The President then quotes from an
article in the New York Evening Post
under date of Panama, December 8,
in which in an interview a native Pan
aman is quoted as saying:
TVe were willing to encounter the Colombian
troops at Colon and fight It out, but the com
mander of thj United States cruiser Xashville
forbid Superintendent Shaler to allow the rail
road to transport troocs for eithor party.
. This r>is.ln official account of thf occurrences
of November 4 f.hows that. Instead of there
having been too much Drovlslons by tbe Ameri
can Government for the maintenance of order
end the prelection of life and property on
the Isthmus; the orders for the movement of
the American warships had been too Ions
delayed, so long. In fact, that there were but
forty-two marines and sailors available to
land and protect the lives cf American men
and women. It was only the coolness and the
gallantry with which this little band of men
wearing the American uniform faced ten times
their number of armed foes, bent on carrying
out the atrocious threat of the Colombian com
mander, that prevented a murderous catas
trophe. At Panama, when the revolution broke
out, there was no American man cf war and
no American troops cr sailors. At Colon
Commander Hubbard acted with entire Im
partiality toward both sides, preventing: any
movement whether by the Colombians or> the
Panamans which would tend to produce blocd
ehed. ¦
Amaya, who had be<?n seized in Pan
ama on November 3 by the independ
ents, were not released by*2 o'clock he,
Torres, "would open flre on the town
of Colon and Kill every United States
citizen in that place." Commander Hub
bard then relates the landing of tho
forty-two marines, under .command of
Lieutenant Colonel Witzel, as told in
the press dispatches at the time, and
the threatening attitude of the native
soldiers while the United States ma
rines were entrenched in the railroad
company's shed, where our citizens had
taken 'refuge. . Commander Hubbard
told also of refusing to allow Superin
tendent Shaler of the Panama Railway
to transport troops for either side. The
President continues:
ORDERS TO NAVY
GIVEN AT A TIME
OF J3DIIXENT PERU,
"Control.has now been obtained, the provision of the act has been complied with; .it is
no longer possible, under existing legislation, to go to tlte Nicaragua route as an alternative.'^
He quotes former Secretary Cass in support of his own attitude, -and plainly intimates
that Europe is barred from participating in the canal construction. The provision rqade in the
Ilay-Pauncefote treaty that all nations should use the canal, which should be policed by the
United States, was in effect a guarantee to all the world that" the canal would be constructed.
The President says Colombia lost all. by rejecting the Hay-Herran treaty. Such refusal,
therefore, squarely raised the question whether Colombia was entitled to bar the transit of the
world's traffic across the isthmus. / -.
He says the Nicaragua route is impossible, as Congress has already decided upon
Panama. ... '
No one connected with the United States Government had any part in preparing or en
couraging the Panama revolution, says the. message. Recognition of the Panama republic was
justified : civilization demanded our action. :'
The President cites our intervention in Cuban affairs as a precedent, and concludes with
an earnest appeal for the canal. •. ,
p ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREEY, N; W.; WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.. -The Presi-
V^ dent's special message to Congress to-day deals with the Panama affair exclusively. The
NICARAGUA ROUTE NO LONGER
CONSIDERED, SAYS PRESIDENT
Secretary Hay on December SO. 1903.
acknowledged a letter from General
Reyea. which had asked him to say
whether the invasion of the territory
of the republic of Panama by Colom
bian soldiers would be considered by
the United States as a declaration of
war. The Secretary called attention to
a similar question which General Reyes
had propounded on December 8 and his
reply thereto. Continuing, the Secre
tary repeated a portion of his letter of
the 11th, expressing the opinion of the
President concerning civil war in Pan
ama. The Secretary closed with the
statement that he could only reiterate
what he had before said on the subject
of General Reyes' inquiry and added
that the time which had elapsed since
December 11 had only tended to deepen
the painful impression that would be
created in this country by the armed
invasion of Panama territory by Co
lombian troops, and the sense of the
responsibility that would thereby b<»
imposed on the Government of the
United States. He said he had been In
structed to inform General Reyes that
this Government had only the friend
liest intentions toward Colombia and
would not lightly be provoked into as
suming a hostile attitude toward that
republic.
Two letters written by Bunau-Varil
la. Minister of Panama, to the Secre
tary of State, are under date of De
cember 31, 1303. The first letter In
forms Secretary Hay that the Govern
ment of Panama desires to receive im
; mediately after the exchange of ratifi
cations of the treaty only J2.0OO.0OO of
the $10,000,000 to be paid by the United
States, leaving the remainder to be
later employed for investment In con
, sistent works which would permanently
represent the counter value of the ex
penses incurred. According: to this
principle, M. Bunau-Varllla Inquires
whether the United States Government
¦would pay interest of 3 per cent an
nually on the $8.000.000,. which would b«
left in the United States Treasury. He
suggests the drafting of a special con
vention covering this point if It meets
the approval of the United States Gov
ernment.
The second letter informs Secretary
Hay that M. Bunau-Varllla had re
ceived a telegram from his Government
declaring that Panama, as soon as its
independence was recognized by Co
lombia, intended to assume a part of
Colombia's exterior debt, of which ths
principal was settled at £3.000,000 by
special convention, and which is. now
accrued by unpaid Interest. Panama
expressed readiness to assume a pro
portion of the debt equal to the ¦ pro
portion of the population of Panama to
Colombia, about one to fifteen.
In Tietr or these facts I am Instructed ti
say to rour Excellency that the Government
of the United States would regard with th*
gravest concfrn any Invasion of the territory
of Panama by Colombian troops, for the reason
that bloodshed and disorder would inevitably
r»*ult throughout the whole extent of thw
isthmus and for the further reason that. In
the opin!on . of the President, fie lime has
come. In the interest of universal cemmere
and civilization, to close the chapter of san
guinary and nincu^ clv!l war in Faaama.
In answer to this. Secretary Hay
wrote General Reyes under date of De
cember 11, saying, after quoting the
question asked:
I have quoted your question textuaily .and
In. reference to it am Instructed by th« Fr*§J
dent to bring to the attention o* yjur Ex
cellency the following facts:
- That the republic of PanansA snx : »imrt its)
independence on the SO of last mm:h: that,
in consequence of this movement, tha inde
pendence of Panama has been recoccUad by
this Government and by many others; that a
treaty has been signed between the Unit*d
States and Panama. wh!ch has been ratified
by- the latter State, and is now awaiting rati
fication by the American Senate: that by-th»
provisions of said treaty the United Stales
agrees to maintain tbe Independence of Pan
ama: that, although the treaty has not yet
become law by the act of CongTesi. there are
alrrady inchoate rights and duties created by
it Trhleh p.'ac* the responsibility of preserving
pea"* ar.d order en the Isthmus ia the hands
of the Government o? the United F:*tes an-l
of Panama, even if such re«ponslblii:;es wer«»
not imposed by the hfstorical ev ;nts o! th»
last fifty years:
t have the honor to address to your'Ex
cellency for tbe purpose of stating respectfully
that I have received from my Government in
structions to Inquire what attitude would b*
assumed by th» Government of th« Units*
States In the event, which/may take j)!a<"».
of Colombian troops or faj-ces under th* Co
lombian flasr making their appearance on th*
isthmus, or attempting a landing on the ter
ritory for the defense of the sovereignty an<t
integrity of C'stombta. and r»specUnjr tne rail
road line and the terminal points. In accord
ance with the stipulation of the treaty «f
1S49. which my country Is ever ready to ob«
serve.
changed between General Reyes and
the Secretary of State concerning the
attitude of the United States In .case
Colombian troops should be sent to Pan*
ama; also copies of tno notes to th*
State Department by the Minister of
Panama to the United States.
The communication • of General
Reyes is addressed to Secretary • Hay
and dated December S, at Washington,
and reads: :
The treaty, instead of requiring a. cession of
Colombia'* so\ ereignty ov<r the canal strip, ex
prcwly acknowledged, confirmed and preserved
h»r sovereignty over It. Th» treaty In this
vrprct eimpiy proceeded on th^ lines on which
nil neg&trations Jeading up to the present eitu
atl'-n have been conducted. • • •
During the years of negotiation and discus-
Nor i* the fact to b» lost sight of that the
rejected treaty, while, generously. responding to
:he pecuniary demar»ds of Colombia, In other
respects merely provided frr the. construction
of the canal In conformity with the express re
«^uii»nients of the act cf the Congress on June
2*. iaO2-
The President says that when this
Government submitted to Colombia
th<* Hay-Herran treaty three things
rat therefore already settled. One
»as that the canal should be built.
The second, that it should be "our
purpose to deal not merely in a spirit
or Justice, but in a spirit of generoslty
v ith the people through whose land
*re might build it. The Hay-Herran
treaty." says the President, "if it
rrred at all. erred in. the direction of
over-generosity toward the Colombian
Oovernment. In our anxiety to be fair
we had gone, to the very verge in
yielding: to a weak nation's demands
what that nation was helplessly un
able to enforce from us against our
•will. The only criticism made upon
the administration for the terms of
th*; Hay-Herran treaty was for having
granted too much to Colombia, not
for failure to grant enough. Neither
in the Congress nor in the public
j'TCES, at the time this treaty was for
mulated, was, there complaint that it
did not in the fullest and amplest
mannrr guarantee to Colombia every
thing that she could by any color of
title demand."
Continuing, the President says: .
• ' ntrcl. police and protect the rar.al whicii
• ii to be built, keepinar it «n>rn tor the ves
»•!« of aUl nations on »"ju*l terms. The Unltefl
F*.ate« thus assumed the poeiticn of guarantor
©' the canal and of its peaceful use by all the
r. bM. Th* c-aranty included, as a matter
.,f i.our»e. .the building r-l tn» cacal. The
er.terrri** was recognized as responding to
an international need: and -it would be the
v»rie»t travesty en tight an2 justice to treat
the coi eminent* in possession of the istnmus
i> having the right, in the iaiguage of Mr.
i'M5, "to close the gates of intercoars* on
the great highway*, cf the world ard Justify
the id by the pretetss'.cn tnat these avenues
of tra<V and travel belong to them and that
th»> choose tr> shut them."
UNCLE SAM FAIR
IX THE TREATMENT
OF THE COLOMBIANS
t* secure a treaty for th!s purpose with one
cf the Central American republic* did not
*tsnd on the Faire footing with the effort
t* •••cure a treaty under ordinary conditions.
Th<* President then quotes, as he did
in his annual message, what he terms
Uke proper position of the United States
to assume in reference to this canal,
and therefore to the Governments of
the isthmus as set forth by Secretary
Caes in 155S. He says the United States
has taken the position that no other
(Jiverrments are to build the canal,
and cites the action of the Senate in
l c ?3 in passing a resolution declaring
that the Government of the United
States will look with serious concern
and disapproval upon any connection
<'f any European Government rrith the
construction or control of any ship
canal across the isthmes of Darien or
across Central America. He cays:
Ccder the Hay-Pauacefote treaty it vu ex
plicitly provided thet the United States should
¦WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— President
Roosevelt to-day transmitted his mes
sage to Congress. It '.j a document of
prrat length and deals almost exclu
sively with Panama and the isthmian
canal.
The President says that he lays be
fore Congress a statement of his action
up to the present time on the act ap
proved June 28, 1502, by which the
President was authorized to secure
"for the United States the property of
the Panama Canal Company and the
perpetual control of a strip six miles
wid? across the isthmus of Panama."
It was further provided that "should
the President be unable to obtain for
the United States a satisfactory title
to the property of the new Panama
Canal Company and the control of the
necessary territory of the republic of
Penama within a reasonable time and
upon reasonable terms, then the Presi
dent should endeavor to provide for a
<-anal by the Nicaraguan route." The
President continues:
The lar4T-age quoted defines with exactness
s^.d pre<is!cn what was to b» done and what
a* a matter of fact has been done. The Presi
dent wa.« authorized to mo to the Nicaragua.
r"Jte only if within a. reasonable time he
ci-ulj cot obtain •'control ot the necessary
t«"-ritory of the republic o? Colombia." This
contrc! has now been obtained; the irtrvislon
at the aft has been complied with; it is no
!<-rjr»r possible under existing circumstances
to go to the Nicaragua route as an alternative.
Th'.a art marked the climax of the effort*
on the part of the United States to secure,
rn far as legislation was concerned, an lnter
r.reajiic canal across the isthmus. The effort
President : Ropsevelt transmits with
his messages copies of the latest notes
from the Minister of the republic of
Panama to this Government, and of
certain- notes .which have passed be
tween the special. envoy of the republic
of Colombia and of this Government.
In conclusion. let m»' repeat that the ques
tion actually '. before this Government Is net
that-of the recognition of Panama as aa Inde
pendent republic. That is al-eady an accom
plished fact. The question and tha only ques
tion is whether we shall or not build an isth
mian canal. ¦ ... \ -
It is en all hands conceded that treaties re
lating to boundaries and rights of navigation
continue- 5n force without regard to changes In
government or sovereignty. This principle ob
viously applies to .that part of the treaty of
1S46 which relates to the Isthmus of Panama
By our prompt action not only hare cur in
terosl.3 »i'i' tho*» of. the world at large been
conserved, but w»'have forestalled complica
tions which were, likely- to be fruitful in loss to
ourselves and in bloodshed and suffering to the
people of tho istl rr.ur. |
Instead of using our fcrces a« we were in
vited by Co!o.T»lnc to do. fr.r the two-fold pur
pose ot defeating cur own rights and interests
and the interests of the civilized world, and of
compelling the submission of the people cf the
isthmus to . those ~ whom they regarded as op
pressors, we shall. In duty bound, keep tue
transit open and prevent its invasion. Mean
while, the enly question now before us Is that
of the ratification of th; treaty. For it is to
be ' remembered that a failure to ratify the
treaty will not urdo what has been done: wi!l
not restore Panama to Colombia and will not
alter our obligations to keep th« transit open
across the isthmus, and to prevent any outside
power from menacing this transit.
It seems to hare been assumed in certain
quarters that th* proposition that the obliga
tions of article 35 of the treaty of 1S4S are to
be considered as adhering to and following
the sovereignty of the Isthmus so long as that
sovereignty Is not absorbed b7 the United
States, rests upen same novel theory. No as
sumption, could be made further from the fact.
It is by no means" true that a state In declar
ing Its independence rids !tse!f of all treaty
obligations entered icto by the parent govern
ment. «•-• ?*•*>• •
So will It b* with Panama. The people cf
the Isthmus, and as I nnr.lv believe of the ad
jacent parts of Central and South America,
will be greatly benefited by the building of
tbe canal and the guarantee o* peace ana or
der along Its' line: and band in hand with the
benefit to them will go the benefit to us and
to mankind.
. Tlie President refers to the aid given
Cubans in establishing them upon a
career of self-government and inde
pendence, and adds:
In view of the manifold considerations of
treaty rights and obligations, ot national in
terest and safety and of* collective civilization,
by which our Government was constrained to
act, I am at a loss to comprehend the attitude
of those who can discern In the recognition of.
tbe republic of Panama only a general ap
proval cf the principles of "revolution," by
which tbe given Government Is overturned or
one portion 1 of a country separated from an
rant a revolutionary movement cf either kind.
But there Is no fixed rule whicii caa be applied
to all such movement" 1 . Each cale must be
judged on its own merits. But in my opinion
no disinterested and fair-minded observer ac
quainted with the circumstances can fail la
feel that Panama had the amplest justification
for seDaratlon from Colombia under the con
ditions existing, and, moreover. tha.t its action
was in tbe highest degree beneficial to the
Interests of the civillred world by securing the
immediate opportunity for the building of the
interoceanic canal. It would be well for those
who are pessimistic as to our action in peace
fully recognizing the republic of Panama.
while we lawfully protected the transit from
invasion and disturbance, to recall what has
been done In Cuba, 'where we Intervened «ven
by force on general grounds of national Inter
est and duty. When we Interfered It was
.freely prophesied that we intended to keep
Cuba and administer it for our own Interests.
Results have demonstrated in a angularly con
clusive fashion the falsity of th 1 * prophecy.
Cuba is now an independent republic.
Little could it have b*en foreseen that two
years later- the Colombian Government. le<l
astray by false allurements of selfish advan
tage, and forgetful alike of its International
obligations and of the duties and responsibili
ties of society, wcuid thwart the efforts cf the
United States to enter upon and complete a
work which the nations or America, re-echoins
the sentiment of the nations of Europe, bad
pronounced to be not only worthy of . the
rreatness of the American people, but also
"in the highest sense a work of civilization.*'
That our position as to the mandatory of
civilization, has by no means been miscon
ceived I» shown by the promptltuds with which
tht powers have, one after another, followed
our lead In recognizing Panama as an Inde
pendent state.
PANAMA'S ACTION
ENTIRELY PROPER,
' PRESIDENT ASSERTS
President Roosevelt speaks of the
resolution adopted by the Pan-Amer
ican Conference at the city of Mexico
on. January. 22, 1902, applauding, the
purpose^ of the United States to con
struct an interoceanic canal, and calls
attention to . the fact that General
Reyes, the present delegate of Colom
bia in "Washington, was among those
who signed the resolution. He con
tinues: * ¦
and declarations. In order that no obstacle
micht stand in our way Great Britain re
nounces Important . rights under tile Claytort-
Bulwer treaty And agreed to its abrogation.
recelvinr in return nothing but our honorable
pledce to build the canal and protect it »s
an open highway.
The President relates the delay of
the Colombian Congress in taking ac
tion on the treaty and the breaking' out
of the revolution three days after that
body ended its session in October with
out passing upon the document. "Pan
ama," he says, "became an independent
state, and the control of the territory
necessary for building the canal then
became obtainable. The condition un
der which alone we could have gone to
Nicaragua thereby became impossible
of fulfillment. If the impending treaty
¦with Panama should not be ratified by
the Senate this would not alter the fact
that we could not go to Nicaragua.
The Congress has decided the route,
and there is no alternative under exist
ing legislation."
The President says that Secretary
Hay had repeatedly warned Colombia ,
that grave consequences might follow
from her rejection of the treaty, and al
though the administration had special
means of knowledge, no such means
were necessary in order to appreciate
the possibility of a revolutionary out
break. "Quotations from the daily pe
pers," says he, "could be indefinitely
multiplied to show this state of af
fairs," and the President quotes dis
patches sent by special correspondents
to Washington and New Tork papers
under dates extending over a period,
from August 31 to October 26 telling of
the stirred condition of affairs.
The President had also on October 45,
at the request of Lieutenant General
Young, seen Captain H. B. Humphrey
and Lieutenant Grayson Mallet-Provost
Murphy, who' had just returned from a
four months' tour through portions of
Venezuela and Colombia. They had in
formed him that it was the general be
lief that thf» revolution might break out
any moment. "In view of all these
facts." says the President, "I directed
the Navy Department to issue instruc
tions such as would insure your having
ships within easy reach of the isthmus
in the event of need arising." •
On November 2, when It was evident
that the outbreak was Imminent, in
structions had been sent to the com
manders of the Boston, Nashville and
Dixie to "maintain free and uninter
rupted transit. If interruption is threat
ened by armed force occupy the line of
railroad. Prevent landing of any
armed force with hostile intent, either
government or insurgent, as any point
within fifty miles ot Panama."
On November 3 Commander John
Hubbard of the Nashville had reported
to the Navy Department that 400 Co
lombian troops from Cartagena had
landed in Colon and that the situation
was most critical. The President then
quotes from Commander Hubbard's re
port on November 5 to the Navy De
partment, in which the commander said
the occurrences of November 3 had
"amounted to practically the making
of war against the United States by
the officers in command of the Colom
bian troops in Colon." The United
States Consul had received notice from
Colonel Torres to the effect that if the
Colombian officers. Generals Tobal and
Finally the Congress definitely settled where
the canal was to be built. It was provided that
a treaty should be made for buildinic the canal
across the isthmus of Panama: and if. after
reasonable time, it proved impossible to secure
such treaty, that then we should go to Nlcara
rui. The treaty has been made: for It reeds no
argument to nhow that the Intent of the Con
gress was to Insure a canal across Panama.
NICARAGUA ROUTE
CANNOT BE GIVEN
ANY CONSIDERATION
That the canal itself was eagerly demanded
by the pecple of the locality through which it
wa« to pass, and that the people of this Jo
cality no !e« eacerly longed rcr its construc
tion under American control, are shown by th*
unanimity of tfc« action in the new Panama
republic. Furthermore. Colombia, after having
rejected the treaty in spite of our protests and
warnings when It was in her power to accept
it. has since shown th» utmost eagerness to
accept the eaine treaty if only the status quo
cou!d be restored. On« of th« men standing
highest in the official circles of Colombia, on
November 6. addressed .the American Minister
at Bcgota, saying that if the Government of the
United States would land troops to preserve
Colombian sovereignty end the transit, the Co
lombian Government would declare martiai
law; and, by virtue of vested constitutlona!
authority, when public order is disturbed
f would) approve by decree the ratification of th
can»l treaty as slsried; or. If the Government
of the United States prefers (would) call an
extra session cf the Conrress— with new ana
friendly members— next May to approve the
treaty. • • •
»icn that preceded the conclusion of the Hay-
Herran treaty. Cclombia never Intimated that
the requirements by the United States of con
trol over the canal strip would render unattain
able the construction of a canal by way of tha
Isthmus of Panama; ncr were we sd.isfd, dwr
lr.jr tbe months when legislation ot 1J»O2 **•
pending before the Congress, that the term*
which it embodied would reader negotiations
with Colombia impracticable. It is p'.aln that
neutrality of the canal with a leis degree of
control than was stipulated for In the Hay-
Herran treaty. A refu?ai to grant such degree
cf control mi necessarily a refusal to make
any practical treaty at all.
** T COXFIDEXTLY maintain that the recognition of the republic of Panama was an act
justified by the interests of collective civilization. If ever a Government could be said to
hare received a mandate from cir'ilisation to effect an object the accomplishment of zvhieh icas
demanded in the interests of mankind, the United States holds that petition with regard to the
:;i!er oceanic canal. Since our purpose to build the canal zi'as definitely announced there have
tv;:;r from all quarters assurances of approval and encouragement. In conclusion, let me repeat
'.hat the question actually before this Government is not that of the recognition of Panama as an
independent republic. That is already an accomplished fact. The question and the only question
is whether tie shall or shall not build an isthmian canal." — Extract From the Presi
dent's Message to Congress.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT DECLARES IN HIS MESSAGE TO CONGRESS
THAT UNITED STATES IS JUSTIFIED IN ACTION ON THE ISTHMUS
THE SAN FRANXISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY ;y 1904.
ff JDy our prompt action not only have our interests and those of the world at large been con
"^ serjed, but zve have forestalled complications zvhich iverc likely to be fruitful it: loss to
/ oursek'cs and in bloodshed and suffering to the people of the' isihtmts. Instead of rising our
forces as zvczverc invited by Colombia to' do, for the tzvo-fold purpose of defeat ing our ozvn
rights and interests and the interests of the ciz'iifccd icorld, kind of compelling the submission of
the people of the isthmus to those xvhom they regarded as oppressors, zve shall, in duty bound,
keep the transit open and prevent its invasion. Mcanzihile, the only question nozc before us is
the ratification of the treaty; for it is to be remembered that a failure to ratify the treaty ten"// not
undo ivhat lias- been done — will not restore Panama to Colombia." — Extract From the
The biggest gold brick in the world
is'the'exDerience that-one biivs.
On Alcoholic .Issue Victoria -Medico
Says Physician From New York*
• J • ; Is Ignorant. *
VICTORIA, B. C Jan. 4.— Dr. J. G.
Davis,^ a 'veteran local physician, ; gave
evidence in* the' Hopper-Dunsmuir will
TACOMA, .Wash., Jan.. 4.—Thirty
five men, representing the Interna
tional Association of Shingle Workers
from the. States of Wisconsin, Michi
gan. Minnesota. Washington,- Oregoji,
California and the provinces of British
Shingle Workers Meet.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 4. — The funeral ot
ex-Captain of Police Thomas Vance
was held to-day. For thirty years th»
deceased had been an officer In thi3
city. There was a large attendance at
the services and many magnificent
floral pieces.' A floral star *wai »tnt
b$% the local police f ore*.
Funeral of Police Captain Vance.
5With- a 5 , trunk or a - grlp? : If so,. select
from our .carload stock at our. carload
prices. . All leather goods. -' including la
dies" pocketbooks, cameras- and card
cases, lettered in gold free of charge.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
Off for a Trip'
-Sacramento; Jan. .; 4. —Thomas
Foren, a .waiter, dropped* dead in a
restaurant ' here " this morninc while
serving a customer. \ He had been
allins but two or three days. Foren
was 41 years old and has, relatives
living either in. Grass Valley, or Ne
vada. City. , '
Waiter Drops Dead.
Baron's first clearance sale yesterday
was the greatest in the cloak and suit
line. that ever, was heard of In this city.
It is no wonder when all their fine suits
are selling for less than the cheap made
up garments sold in other houses. The
balance . of this week all {25.00. $20.00 and
J17.50 will sell for J10.00. The $17.60
military coat. $7.S5. at Baron's Cloak and
Suit House. 762 Market street - ¦ . •
Greatest Sale on ' Record.
LOS AXGELES. Jan. 4.— The Cali
fornia Bee-keepers* Association con
vened in this city at 1:30 this* after
noon in their annual meeting for a
three days' session. . The attendance
is large and some of' the most promi
nent bee men of the State are pres
ent. ,,An interesting and varied pro
gramme has been prepared.
Bee Keepers In Session.
.AU the. counties start without any
funds. .'The Legislature made an ap
propriation of $725,000 ..toi be apportioned
among the. counties .for them to start
with, but the.jnoney ia not available.
It is believed, however, that most . of
them will have enough' monthly income
to carry them after, the start. •
The Territorial . administration . is
shorn of. much power by the change.
The.. counties assume all such duties
as the collection of taxes, and take
charge of most of their own public im
provements. They_ are to provide for
their courts also.
The new. law divides the islands into
five counties, bahu, on which is the
city of Hqnolulu, is one county. The
island of Kauai is another, Hawaii
forms two counties and Maui. Lanai
and Molokai, excepting the leper settle
ment, are another,- The leper settlement
ls-.given a government of its own. Oahu
County is supposed to include, as a le
gal proposition,* all the outside islands,
stretching in a chain, including Mid-
Way, to French Frigate shoals.
The act that went into effect to-day
gives the Hawaiian Islands a system of
county government for the first time.
Up to now all the affairs of the islands
have been under the control of the Ter
ritorial government, having headquar
ters in Honolulu. In all the political
campaigns since annexation, and espe
cially among, the natives, there haa
been a strong demand for more local
self-government. ...
CALIENTES, Nev., Jan. 4. -Word
comes from Moapa that the Indians in
the Arrow Canyon range near the reseiv
vatlon held a scalp dance four days
ago and that the settlers are much
alarmed in consequence. It Is thought
that the Indians who took part in the
dance are Piutes. but this is not cer
tain. Frank Rodgers and H. B. Mc-
Intyre were -coming out of the' "Arrow
Canyon range country. and were travel
ing at night. Attracted by a gigantic
campflre, tbey came within sight of the
dance ground of the Indians. The white
men did not dare venture very close,
but went near enough to see that the
Indians were In full war regalia and
were evidently working themselves up
to a high pitch of excitement. There
were about 100 or. more redskins In the
party. Rodgers and Mclntyre say that
the most bloodcurdling yells and groans
came from the camp. They watched
the dance from a distance for an hour
and then continued on their way, warn
ing settlers whom they .encountered.
Some of the latter packed up and, tak
ing what stock they could, left. A
small party of. friendly. Indians who
camped fortv miles from the. scene of
the reported scalp dance told a. rancher
named Roberts 1 , that 'the Piutes were
greatly excited at' the news that one
of the!r tribe is to be hanged for mur
der shortly and that the hostile/dem
onstrations of the last few days were
intended as warning* to the whites of
what will occur If the condemned Piute
is executed. Some of the ranchers pro
fess to bellevethat the "scare has been
overestimated and that the Indians will
do no serious'damage.' "- •"•¦ '
Special Dispatch to The Call
• • . ¦ ¦ ¦ .¦ — . ¦ — : : rrv* ¦ •
ST.JXQUIS;' ; Jan. '¦»,— U'dng' Kal K»iw: Ym*.
portal : Chinese ctHPTnissiouer to. tS» WorM>
F«Jr. ' win depart to-morrow for San Fr«n
cfsco to -gall for China. In' April he will
escort the imperial Priaca Putan to St. Louli
for. the Worlds Fair.
Nevada Settlers Alarmed at
Demonstrations : of Redskins
in Arrow Canyon Region
PIUTES HOLD
SCALP DANCE
HONOLULU. Jan. 4.— The county
government' act went into effect to-day.
A. Hocking has been elected chairman.
The bureaus transferred from the direct
control of - the Territorial- authorities
will be generally maintained unchanged
temporarily, as the constitutionality of
the act is much questioned^ The Su
preme Court has under consideration a
test case made by special arrangement
and involving the entire law. In the
event of the act being. declared. Illegal
grave confusion may ensue and an ex
tra session of the Legislature .may be
necessary, as the Territorial appropria
tions ceased with the end of last year,
the Legislature having contemplated
county government after January.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 4. — Antone
Morallls, considered one of the tough
est men in the northern part of this
county, was to-day sentenced by Su
perior Judge Lennon to serve a life
in San Quentin prison. Sev
eral weeks ago Morallis made an as
sault upon a man named Seamens,
with the intent of commiting robbery.
After, assaulting Seamens he made his
escape", and was a.\ large for several
days. He was convicted by a jury,
and, owing to his bad record and hav
ing served a term in the State prison,
was given the full penalty as provided
for by law. . . ,
Antono Mom Ills, Charged With As
sault, Is Given a Life Sen
. . tencc in Prison.
MARIN COUNTY'S BAD
MAN IS CONVICTED
Form of Government of - the
Hawaiian Islands Changed
From Territorial Style
BUILDS TELEPHONE >^
LINE BY MOONLIGHT
usual Procedure to Avoid
Injunctions.
Los Angeles Com puny Rosorts to Un-
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 4. — The Home
Telephone Company of this city, de
nied a franchise in Orange County, is
building their lines across the county
by moonlight to avoid the service of
injunctions. Commencing at midnight
Saturday night they were expected to
reach the towns of Santa Ana and
Anaheim by daylight to-day. They
will doubtless be compelled to' enter
the courts to defend their action in
erecting their lines on forbidden
ground.
Fortunate is the man who doesn't
have one-half the troubles that his
neighbors think he has.
COUNTY ACT
NOW IN FORCE
SACRAMENTO,, Jan. 4.— Miss NeU
lie L. Dearborn, .a youngr woman of 24,
Is recovering from the effects of ars
exciting episode, yesterday mornings
She had quarreled with a youngr man
with, whom, she had. been keetring
company and left- hlm r at the same
time remarking to a friend that she
intended to jump into the Sacramento
River. Fearing that she might carry
her threat* irito^ execution, the friend
followed her -.and- caught up with her
on the yolo tort<!Ig$Jv s l>2^had mounted
the fitglC' failing andV^yas, about to
Jump-into*the 1; »nutldy"jfii-er^when the
young man seized iher^-garraieybt*. and
by dint- of dragging>b.er brought *>her
off the.-bridger" She spent thei.day at
the Receiving Hospital, de elating -she
had intended 1 to drown herseffj and was
sorry- she was: not permitted W'tjo/sb;
She declined to disclose the name «(
the' young -man with whom shjfc.'hatj
quarreled... ¦ \ , .'" .. "•& • >
LoTelorn Maiden Is Abont to Jump
Into Sacramento River """When; a -i
Friend Appears.
YOUNG GIRIi RESCUED
AT EDGE OP BRIDGn
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 4. — Another
widow has appeared as claimant to
the now famous Hill fortune in the
person of Mrs. Maggie E. Hill of St.
Louis. John I. Martin, sergeant at
arms of the Democratic National
Committee and attorney for the Mis
souri Pacific Railway at St. Louis, is
in' Los Angeles preparing to present
the claims of this latest heir to the
old .miser's wealth.- Attorney Martin
says that his client was married to
Charles Hill in 1892 In St. Louis; that
one child was born to them, after
which Hill disappeared and was not
heard of again until hisdeath in Los
Angeles was noted!- The fortune In
volved amounts to ? 142,000. r V;
St. Louis Woman Declares She Was
Married to Los Angeles , Miser .
in 1892.
NEW HEIR TO HILL *
FORTUNE APPEARS
The .opinion closed with directing the
discharge of the woman. Commissioner
Deget&u- was much pleased with the
decision and said he considered it a
stepping stone to a more pronounced
recognition of the, rights of Porto Ri
cans in the United States.
''\Y> are not required to discuss the
power of Congress In the premises or
the contention of Gonzales' counsel
that the cession of Porto Rico accom
plished the naturalization of the people
or that of Commissioner Degetau that
a citizen of Porto Rico'is necessarily a
citizen of -the United States. The ques
tion is the narrow one whether Gon
zales was alien within the meaning of
that term as used, in the act, of 1891?
We think it clear that that act relates
to foreigners as respects this country,
to persons owing allegiance to foreign
governments and citizen's -or subjects
thereof,, and citizens of Porto Hico,
whose permanent allegiance is to the
United States are not aliens; and upon
their arrival by water at the ports of
our mainland are riot alien immigrants
within the intent and meaning of the
act of 1891."
was of Gonzales' rights to citizenship.
It says the.qarstiort.was rather that of
alienage, , and added: ¦-¦'' , =.- :
The court did not agree with the coun
sel, for the Government that the test
In his opinion the Chief Justice, re
ferring to the act of 1900, creating a
civil .government for Porto Rico, said
that the woman was a citizen of Porto
Rico under that act, and added that
"there ' was nothing expressed in the
act, nor reasonably to be implied there
from, to indicate the intention of Con
grtss that citizens of Porto Rico should
be considered as aliens and the right
of free access denied to them."
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— In an opin
ion by Chief Justice. \FulIer, the Su
preme Court of the uKited' States de
cided that citizens of Porto Kico are
not aliens of the United States and that
they are entitled to enter this country
without obstruction. The opinion was
delivered in the case of a Porto Rican
woman, Gonzales, who, in 1902, was re
fused admission to the port of New
York on the ground that she was like
ly to become a public charge. The de
cision was based entirely on the immi
gration act of 1891; and took the ground
that the Porto Ricans owe allegiance 'to
the United States and to no other gov
ernment.
CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE FEDERAL SUPREME COURT. WHO HAS
HANDED DOWN' AX OPINION THAT, PORTO RICANS CANNOT
BE CLASSED £S ALIENS AT AMERICAN PORTS.
' Some men will Avork harder to get
a divorce than they will to support a
wife.
SAN- DIEGO. Jan. 4.— The result of
the Coroner's investigation Into the
tragedy near Bannes, in which a
woman lost her life and her husband
was frightfully burned by the burning
of a house which they occupied, is a
verdict that the death was accidental.
It was learned that the man's name
is Clinton M. Osborn of Boston, and
that he is a user of morphine. The
woman's body was burned to a crisp.
Verdict of Accidental Death
WOODLAND, Jan. 4.— S. L. Bldash. j
. alias Schmeidt, alias Schroeder, was'
j to-day sentenced by Judge Gaddis to j
I serve fourteen years in Folsom State j
j Prison on a charge of forgery. Blaash i
I passed forged checks last week on six
i business men of Woodland. The for
geries were quickly discovered and the
• man was arrested that night at Davis4
j ville. He admitted all the. forgeries!
: and also confessed that he had worked j
the sliine scheme in other parts of the
State* under the name, of Schroedex. ;
To-day hejwalved, preliminary, exami
nation before Justice Lampton and
within, an hour had entered a plea of j
, guilty in the Superior Court. . He said I
his true name was S. L. Baash and •
cried .bitterly when .sentence was >
passed. . . . |
Man Detected in Passing Worthies:
Checks Is Quickly Sentenced to
Ixmg Term in Prison.
RIv\DY SENTENCE FOR
• CONFESSED FORGER
HOXOLULU, Dec. 28.— Hawaii's ex
hibit for the St. Louis fair has .many,
unique features, which the mainland
schools will necessarily be without, and
doubtless the exhibit from here will atj
tract much attention on that account.
In the courses in manual training the
children make hats, fans, pillows, etc.,
from lauhala, and the handiwork of
some of the little tots of 7 or 8 years is
a surprise.- The. making of native hats
and fans will be well shown in a series
of fans in various- stages' of completion,
from the raw product to the 'finished
work, making it possible to see Just
how the intricate twisting is done.
There are also many samples of sew
ing, this being one of the accomplish
ments taught In, the schools here.' Some
excellent samples of lace made in the
schools have also been gathered togeth
er. Photographs of the youngsters in
their classes, aJl busy with the needle,
or of the school press room, where the
art of printing Is taught, and other sim
ilar features of the exhibit will give a
good , Idea how far Hawaii haa pro
gressed In the development of a modern
school system. There are study charts
made -by the children themselves, fish
nets made in school, baskets, fancy pil-
Iqws and all sorts of artistic articles
peculiar to the Territory in the, collec
tion. Another admirable collection is
that of over 100 pieces of Hawaiian
woods, all cut out and polished by
school children. The exhibit shows Ha
waii's surprising variety of woods,
which are. capable of taking a high
polish and are of fine color.- ••
Special Correspondence of The Call.
Admiral Terry was reported somt
weeks ago as having said that Pear
Harbor was not what the navy wanted
but he declined to .be. interviewed or
the subject. -
•HONOLULU, Dec. 28.— "Pearl Harbor
in its present condition is of no value
for a nava! station," says Rear Ad
miral Robley D. Evans. "Until the
approaches to the lochs, are straight
ened out no battleship or cruiser of the
size now in port can enter' the harbor.
It will cost millions of dollars to make
the lochs available."
Admiral Evans visited Pearl Harbor
with a party of officers and townpeople
on thelroquols. Prior to that time he
was of the opinion that there would be
no difficulty in. making use of Pearl
Harbor, but his visit to the place has
changed this opinion. .
''As far as the/approaches to .the
lochs are concerned," the admiral said,
"it is not available to the battleships
and will not be until the. Government
spends a good many millions of dollars
in straightening it out.' It is so crooked
now that it would not be practicable
to take, in even the cruisers, that are
noxr in port. They are too long, and
could not turn in there. It might be
possible to take the cruisers in with the
assistance of tugs, but even that ia
doubtful. . . ,.
"In its present. condition Pearl Har
bor is,©/ no value as a naval station
and it would hardly be worth while tc
build machine shops or docks there at
this time. The first thing to be done
is to make the channel - available. I
don't know what the plans of the de
partment are in the matter."
Special Correspondence of The Call.
Claims an Expenditure of Mil
-. lions Will Be Required .Be
; ; fore It Can Possibly Be Used
TOO SMALL FOR VESSELS
TUPILS ARE VERSATILE
i*':. . ¦ .._"...¦ * '
Their Work Promises a Reve
•lation of Remarkable i.Pro
,'gress of the Young Natives
Work" of School Children to
, Be Shown , a $ . the Fair to
Be Held at St. '. Louis
Rear Admiral Evans Says That
Port in Its Present Con
dition Is of No . Value
MUST IMPROVE
PEARL HARBOR
HAWAII WILL
SEND EXHIBIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY; JANUARY 5; 1901.
PORTO RICANS NOT ALIENS
AT UNITED STATES PORTS
Supreme Court Hands Down Decision, Embodying Chief
Justiee-Fuller's Opinion;That Residents of Islands Can
: not Be Excluded From America Under Immigration Laws
6
MteE^ ¦ ¦ * f ' ' ' fiSl' i
£^^^^^£$K^ MSm * * " \ I t*I
. Double Green Trading Stamps
Given Whh All Purchases
Greatest Reduction Ever Made on
Women's Suits, Waists andSkirte
The prices on garments in our cloak and suit section for thjsjwJe
are the lowest ever offered by any store in this city, riunareas ox
the swellest winter garments will be sold for less than o ° e -£ hir . d .*f
value. The quality of materials and workmanship is the best to dc •«
had from Eastern manufacturers, and this is an opportunity ior a j
well-fitting ready-made garment that will never have an equal, visit- ¦
this department , early to insure yourself of the best selection. n
" Stilts. $9.95— ioo most stylish Suits, long or short coat effects, m |j
Fancy Mixtures and Plain Cheviots. All sizes. Also .Misses ||
v Suits included at the same price.' Jhese Suits were sold up to yes- K
terday at $20.00. . • fj
?12.45_2oo Suits in all the latest up-to-date styles and of every Yi
material. v Some are the swell English Covert Corset Suits. Thev are U|
, reduced from $25.00 and $27.50. - r ' '"-.*-":.
¦ . -"Jpl4.OO — .300 Suits in this lot; exquisite styles and a most brauti- PJ
ful assortment of materials— Fancy Mixtures, English Tweeds. Home- .11
spuns. Heather Suitings and Cheviots; long or short coats, blouse or m
straight fronts, with or without capes. They are all up-to-date >ar- 1 j
'ments. hut the lines are broken and is the reason of this great reduc- Pj
•tion. These are -worth $w.oo and $15.00. * . <|
t $1T.4B— All swelU exclusive styles in this lot: beautiful Mixtures B
f and Plain Cheviots. Zibilenes and Broadcloths. Most anv stvle»coat H
) you would wish for. with skirts either walking length or with train. Jj
WahtS. 08c— For regular Si^O Flannel Waists. . . A
. ft.45_For regular $2/25 Flannel Waists. '/' , 5
#l.J>.T — For regular $.\.yo Flannel Waists. «J
jP2.ii."> — For regular $4.00 Flannel-Waists. 51
Startlingly Attractive Specials From |
Our Second Annual White Sale 1
For the second dav of this great sale we have selected and ar- ||
ranged some of the strongest lines of Domestics and Wash Goods H
that we have in stock. The grea't bargains on our counters crowded PJ
this section all dav yesterday. To-day there will be an extra induce- gg
ment on every garment and article in the store in the shape of addi- M
tional trading stamps. x f |
LONG CLOTH. |
English Long Cloth, soft finish: used much for fine underwear, ij
' children's' dresses, etc: 12 yards to the piece. • ' t I]
; fit. 'jr. a piece-. *.''. • Regular. $t.6s srrade I
$1.KO a piece... /. ..Recular $2.00 grade fj
»1.Sr; ?. piece Regular $2.25 grade SI
$'2.'2r, apiece./...,..^ ; . Regular $.roo grade U
OXFORDS. , ' H
1Oc a yard— White Oxford Waitings, with pretty woven colored H
Sots and stripe's. Regular 35c and 40c values. . ' '. ' H
% ¦"'. TENNIS FLANNELS. \ . I
7c a yard — Prettv Tennis Flannels, in stripes and .checksf blvtf [j
and pink. It washes well and is the quality used much for nig.ht-VTH
gowns, skirts, etc. Regular 10c grade. •''--¦
- CRASH. , [
4c a yard— Heavv. soft finish Russia Crash Toweling: 10 yards- IJ
allowed each customer. . -I!
UV*v a yard. ..Heayv shrunk Huck Toweling, v . . . , . .; ¦
.8 1-3Q a yard. ..Heavy slirunk/Huck Toweling. Regular. ipe value 'H
1Oc a yard... Heavv shrunk Hack Toweling. Regular iij^c value. H
. laHc" a. "yard. ...Heavy^shrunk. Huck Towelinpr. _ Rejjujar 15c value H
ir»e_ a yard. '. Heavy shrunk Jlock Towelrtig. Regular' 20c yalae^H
•I || • ATLTVMHS RELIABLE \ "A |j
I I Al238-1250MARKET ST.j&Is I 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ AWIini fa Cared to STAY CURED. Cao»
II V I Slfl removed. Health i M U>red. M-
¦II J% I ft |U| II taektoeTer return. Eathrartilj
Asthma aad Ha/ F*rer. r. Baxoia Hayes, Buffalo, N.T,
.There is only one place In San Fran-
cisco where you. can get the Electro*
Chemio Treatment, namely, at the Insti-
, tute. 118 Qranfave.. cor: Post st. •; -
Another Quick, thorough and inexpen-
sive care. Read the proot : '•>••¦
I Mad a ba.l catarrh of thie head, throat • liv-
er atomach and bow«rs. Medical treatm-rits
dia We no gxxx\. Electro-Cfiemlsiry cured Vi«
»a a few weeks' time, at a. very *roall eiDanw.
A. W. HOWTROM
29TI Twenty-third at.. Saar Francisco T
If you suffer from Catarrh. Consume"
tion.; Bronchitis. Asthnta. DeafnesV
Ringing: Ears; Caucer. Tumor. Old Sor^a*
Rheumatlsmt Paralysis. Neural »| a pf'
male Troubles. Weakness, xlvvoui^
Irregularities Kidney or Bladder. Dif"
ease or any Special Disease peculiar td
; men;. come to ; ua for a tree eonsultltion
and examination and we will derno^
strata how this wonderful new EleTroI
Chenic treatment cures-cases^ whi^h f C arT
not^-be cured by the- older, methods of
medical or. electrical twatment! S V o,f
cannot come. to our offlc© write" a/shorJ
descTlptton of your -symp-toml tna w«
wUl explain how Electro-ChemlatTv
cures many serious diseases «t the
tlsnt's home. We have separate and n^
for our.nfal^and^S
f«? 'Francisco;. 1, c* Q tra5y t£±gfi -7
118. Grant ave, cor., of. Post at.^ ':**
The offlce hours ar« 9 a. m \n Sh 'li: r
WARNiNf!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A31USEMENTS.
- EVENINGS AT-Ti:lS.
BURTON
HOLMES
h'iGMFlCEKTir ILLUSTRATED LECTURES.
COTTE.SE A. '
TOEEMITE Tuet.. Jaa. ,12
TELI^OWSTONE a .*..'- Thura., Jatu-14
GRAND CANYON Sat.. Jaa. 1«
ALASKA I. The Fiords Tues., Jan. 19
ALASKA ir. The Klondike Tfcur».. Jan. -1
COTJKSE B.
ET. FETEUSBURO ...'... Wed.. Jan. 13
MOSCOW. '. Frt.. Jan. ,15
SIBERIA ...* w Mon.. Jan. 18
PEKING .' Wed.. Jan. 20
SEOUL. Capital et Korea Frl.. Jan. 22
Sale of Court e Tickets. $4. S3 and S3.
vow os
AT SHERMAN. CLAY ft CO.'S.
Sliatle Seat Sale Begins Thursday.
MATIXEE 6ATT.-RDAT.
ALL. THIS VTEEK , '
EXCEPT' THURSDAY NIGHT.
Th« Great Laushlnr Hit.
; JOE KELLY
THE PIPE DREAMER.
Is the Bis Aluslcal Cut-up.
The Head Waiters
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
IN CONVICT STRIPES.
A ThiTUna- Story Life In South Carolina.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE -SPECIAL
THCXSDAY E\-ENING. January 7. 1904. at
" 8:lfi. and MO.VDAT AFTERNOON.
January 11. at 2:L5.
Positively Farewell Tour.
mmb. -CD A mrriT,
ADELINA JTii JL JL JL
(THE BARONESS CEDERSTROM.)
IKrectlon ROBEllT GRATT. Incorporated.
Management MARCUS R. MATER.
EIGNOR ROMTALDO SATIO. Conductor.
frrlcei $2. $2 60. $3, %i, |5 and $8
Seats Now On Sale at the Bex Office.
; OTT OP" TOWN MAIL ORDERS, accom-
pasied by monfy order and addressed to H. H.
CAMPFJT.T.L. Treasurer Grand Opera-houee.
¦w-lU be filed in the order of their receipt and
•e&tc assigned aa near th» de»ired location aa
potable.
'. STETN'WAY PIANO UEED.
ALCAZAR B ™r
GeneraJ Manajer.
TO -NIGHT — THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATT'RDAY AND SUNDAY.
The' PlcturejQU* Romantic Play of a Cen-
tury Apo,
A LADY I I
OF "-- n
QUALITY 1 1 S|£
Ju'.ia Arthur's Greatest Succe*?.
Evgs.. 25c to 75c; Mat. Fat. & Sun., 15c to SOc,
NEXT MON. — Clyde Kltch*s Strongest Pl«y.
THE MOTS III First
AND I Alcazar
TEE FLAME. ill Production.
Mtrket Street. N>ar. Eighth.., Phone South 553
d TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
. KATXXEEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Masr.tficent Revival of the King of Sensational
monteFcristo
•The Carfvaied Matjerpiece of Alexander Pumas
world F»rnpus Play Staged on Stupendous
Scale, with Kpiendid Scenery and
ErJ'.liant Cast.
HrnPCHEL VAVALL AS EPMOND DANTFS
EUGENIA THAIS LAWTON AS MERCEDES
PRICES F;' nir * 8 10e to 50c
¦ nlWLJ Matinee* 10c. 15 C . 25c
Monday, January- 11— THE MOONSHINERS. ',
*^T h S*.v !>m< ' fl thi ' ha^P>'. Seroum crowd T'
Asked the man of billoue hue- i
' » ne *" er » "aay.r eald hit friend
Ttej-'ve just teen—
"I-O-U"
*¦¦ Cte record-breaking musical comedy
>.ow in Its sixth and last week.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
NEXT MONDAY.
If'The Beauty Shop "|j
An lncomrarable rmdurtlon of a strictly local '<
¦ ' burlesque.
Istroduclcg our new princlnalu hpi rrvr
fjpnns week HAPPY^w
¦ cy fin v m
B THEHRCE_HOOL|GAN D
- W Next Sunday— Miner & Paylor's -
LI eorr.paxy of cornt-dlar.?. hea.4e<l by f<3
IN the favorite. JACK CAMPBELL. [^
" io - Hoyfr famous Frisco patire KJ
•PL '_ _ p J° CHINAT0WHt B
; THE BRITTONS
And a Great Show Every Afternoon and
Eveainr in the Seated Theater.
nCTERESTlNG BABIES IN THE IXFANT
INCUBATORS.
See Anita and fler Baby Monkey.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Maze.
Take a Trip Down the Flnme. (
AMATriTB I7IGHT THURSDAY.
. < Adir.jggion. 10c; Children. 6c.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
• ' NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing January 4.
Racinff Each Week Day. Rain or Shine. '
Six or More Races Daily.
- Rawt commence at 2:15 p. m. charp
For special trains nerving; at the track take
fi & .^JT 7 -' J 001 ¦ ot - Mirte Btreet. at 12.
12:30. 1:00. 1 :50 or 2 o'clock. No wnokinrin
last two car?, which are reserved for ladies
,and th*-fr esccrts. <
Retumln* trains leave track at 4:16 and
4;45 and ImrrwdiatHy after the la*t rac*
THE WEEKLY GALL
3>1 per Veap. o*i^
Liebig Company's
Extract of Beef
See that the label haa
this signature In blue:
There are • dozen Imitations,
some adulterated and worthless
and all Inferior. 5omeeven bear
the nams "Liebig:." Avoid dU«
appointment by asking for 'the
-genuine ' ¦; # "
Liebig Company's
For forty years the flrstL '
ii A3ItJSE3IENTS. - ;
LUlwllSlA mm mm
I* ' . . «. - , • ¦
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
I^st 5 Nlshts— Matinee FaturJw.
OIIAHL.KS FROHMAN presents
Clyde Fitch's Comedy of Wit and Sentiment.
The Girl With
The Green Eyes!
NEXT SUNDAY' NIGHT — Oaa Time Only :
Alberta Gallatin j
and New Torlc cast in Ibsen's
"GHOSTS."
SEATS -NOW READY AT BOX OFFICE. j
Next Monday— Mrs. LANGTKY.
In "MIlS. DEER1NGS DIVORCE."
TIX/Oll J OPERA :-
I 1 V U Li house.
"OH! BE CAREFUL I"
For this is the LAST WEEK of the Holiday
Spectacle. -
IXIOIN
Or "THE WHEELMAN,"
-A Mythological MuMcal - Extravatranza ia
Three Acts.
MATINEE SATURDAY, .
BEGINNING MONDAY, JAN. 11.
When Johnny Conies Marching Home
USUAL POPULAR PRICES — 25c. &0c and 75c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats $1 00
A BIG, NEW SHOW.
Hallcn»and Fuller; Dumltrescu, Van
A uken and Vannerson ; The Sa-
Vans; Charlotte. Guyer, George;
Deaves' Merry Manikins; Joan Ha-
den's Cycle of Love; The Toblns;
Ernest Hogan and Mattie Wilkcs
and.Orpheuro Motion Pictures.'
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seals
and Orera Chairs. SOc. ' :. ¦¦
THIS • I LAST WEEK
IS THE | OF
"I-O-U"
Bea.t s are cow on sale for
"THE BEAUTY SHOP"
Which roe» on next Monday NUht. ',
A strictly local Musical .Cornedy.
First appearance of "' MISS HELEN RUSSELL
and MR. JOHN PEACHEY. '
And cur Great "All Star Oist."
. Matinees- Saturday and : Sunday.
Palace fail to
1 «*ttVV gee the beautiful
- * COURT Lounging
atlU room, the EMPIRE
aim PARLOR, the
T -~- 1 1 PALlyi ROOM, the
uranfl louisxvpar.
U1 UUU LOR. and the J LA-
Vk^ArrA r* DI ES* WRITING
Hotels room -Wnnt to Bo Policemen.
George W. Sill, who In November of
last year was arrested at Watsonville
on a charge of neglecting to properly
mark boxes of apples shipped by him,
yesterday sued A- N. .Tudd, who swore
to the warrant for his arrest, for $15.
000 damages. SiM was tried and ac
quitted and now (SJaims that his ar
rest "was due to the maliciousness of
Jud<J.
Says tludd Was Mnllcio'us.
"* Macquarrlc Is Disbarred.
The Supreme Court yesterday dis
barred N. A. Macquarrie of Amador
County on the ground that . he .had
been convicted of a felony. The law
yer was recently • sentenced to - six
years' -Imprisonment at San Quentin
for uttering a forgery. .
Ferdinand G.. Elizabeth, W. P. and
Ch.-i.rles Holzheiser and Charlotte C.
Schmidt, the heirs of the late Peter
Holzheiser. petitioned the Superior
Court yesterday to appoint, a trustee
to care for the property on Vallejo
street, near Franklin, left them by
their father. George Koeirfg. the trus
tee appointed by the heirs shortly af
ter their father's death, was recently
declared incompetent in the Alameda
courts. /
Want a Xcw Trustee.
A missionary meeting will be held
at St.' Luke's Episcopal. Church: to
morrov/ night at 8:15 o'clock. Rev.
Dr. L. H.' Pott' of St. John's College,
Shanghai, will tell of the work in that
section of China. Mrs. Pott will ad
dress the Woman's Auxiliary at St.
Paul's Church, Oakland, at 2:15 p. m.
Wednesday!'
, Mlssionnrics Will Speak.
The third light, giving a neutral day
light effect in the foreground, struggles
in through a half-open doorway.
The technical treatment of these vari
ous lights and shadows is marvelous,
the artist having succeeded, in maintain
ing throughout the picture a soft and
pleasing tone. There is not a trace of
the reigning impressionism. So true is
the sunlight effect in the rear window
that it is difficult to believe at ttrst
blush that there is not an artificial light
in the rear. As the beholder studies the
canvas new and unexpected effects are
discovered. The sparks from the forge
seem 'to .fly- out of the picture and the
figure grows startlfngly near.
"The Blacksmith" will be on exhibi
tion for a short time in the art rooms of
the big: store, and no odmivinn fee is
•Uiartrril
As. its name indicates, the picture is
that of a worker at the forge. He stands,
middle aged, robust {ind compact in form,
his sleeves rolled back, one hand on the
belfows rope and the other holding the
pincers. His figure, lighted in front by
the intense light from the forge, is re
vealed in bold relief against the darkest
background in the picture.
Besides the light from the forge there
is a second light in the back of the
smithy from the window, through which
bright sunlight streams, creating sec
ondary shadows.
Ltkfe many of Meissonier's most cele
brated pictures. "The Blacksmith" is not
of large size, its dimensions being: about
four feet in length and three feet In
width.
Delorme's triumph of realism, "The
Blacksmith." has again been secured by,
and is being shown at the femporium.
One of the Masterpieces of Modern
Art, "The Blacksmith and Ills
Forge," by Hubert E.
Dclorme.
A FAMOUS PAINTING.
At a" meeting of the Superior
Judges held yesterday Judge Frank H.
Kerrigan was elected presiding Judge
for the next year. Judge Murasky's
year of office as such being up. It was
also decided that each Judge should
submit a list of 200 names of prospec
tive -jurymen and 'a committee con
sisting of the Judges in whose courts
jury cases are tried was appointed to
revise the list. By means; of the com
mittee it is hoped to prevent the pres-'
entation of names of ' men unfit to
serve as jurors.
Kerrigan Presiding Judge.
The Board of Education met yes
terday afternoon. Little business was
transacted. Labor bills to the amount
of $2636 60 were allowed and ordered
paid. President Woodward reported
that he had made an official visit dur
ing the last six months to every class
in the schools of this city and had vis
ited every school building twice.
Education Board Meets.
Bank Gets New Trial.
The Supreme Court yesterday re- |
versed a decision in favor of a repre-|
sentative of the W. P. Fuller Company !
against the Crocker- Wool worth. Bank, j
A. B. Perry, formerly a member of the .
Fuller Company, opened an account !
with the Tallant National Bank, repre
senting that he had no partners in
business. The Tallant National Bank
subsequently transferred Perry's ac
count to the Crocker- Woolworth Bank.
When Perry was about to die $1600 j
was drawn by hi3 representatives. The
W. P. Fuller Company contends that
the money belonged to the firm. The j
Crocker- Woolworth Bank thinks other- j
wise. The case must now be retried.
It w.is because of the testimony of
F. L. Turp'n, r/ho recently sued Perry
because of the trouble between the di
rectors of the bank, that Perry's estate
became a bone of contention. At the
first hearing of the petition yesterday
morning he testified thai Perry owned
a large block of stock in the bank and
that there was danger of its being mis
used. That he was mistaken was
shown by the testimony taken at the
afternoon session, when it was shown
that the holdings were small.
The 564,000 estate of the late
Charles O. Perry, secretary of the Co
lumbian Banking Company, was the
subject of quite a lively discussion in
Judge Murasky's court yesterday. The
discussion was brought about by the
petition of the Public Administrator to
be appointed special administrator^- of
the estate. It was claimed that be
cause of the recent row. between the
directors of the banking concern it
was unsafe to allow Perry's effects to
remain uncared for. The court set
tled the dispute by granting the Ad
ministrator's petition, -with the under
standing that all the securities of the
banker be turned over to the clerk of
the court anJ that the Public Adminis
trator retain possession only of the
furniture of the deceased, stored in his
late home at Belvedere."
Judge Murasky Gives Public Adminis
trator Control Only of Furniture
of Late C. O. Perry.
COURT ORDERS SECURITIES
DEPOSITED WITH CLERK
Paul E. Barloy filed a suit for dam
ages in the Justices' clerk's office yes
terday against William Constantine.
In the suit Barloy claims'JSSg 99 for
injuries sustained last December when
he was shot in the leg by Constantine.
Barloy says that he has been a crip
ple since be was shot. In the com
plaint he also charges Constantine
with deliberately planning to kill him.
Barloy Sues Constant ine.
C. E. Dickey, who is attempting to
have the employment agency law de
clared invalid, and C. H. Whitley, w«h
thinks the dental law unconstitutional,
were before the Supreme Court yester
day on writs of habeas corpus. The
Justices heard the arguments in both
disputes and then ordered the case
submitted on briefs for further con
sideration. Neither case is likely to be
decided for several months.
Wants Law* Declared Invalid.
California State Association Elects !
Officers to Seme During Year and
Then Enjoys Feast.
The California State Association of I
Optometrists, formerly the 'State Asso- !
elation of Opticans, concluded "its an- j
nual session las^t night with an elec
tion of officers and a banquet
The following officers" were elected !
to serve during the ensuing year:
President, Charles H. Wood, Oakland; I
first vice- president, F. W. Laufer, San
J Jose; second vice president, W. H.
I Hare, Pacific Grove; financial secre-
I tary, Harry Xordman, San Francisco;
recording secretary, W. Hess, San
Francisco; treasurer, W. R. Johnson, |
*San Francisco; directors — Charles !
Hogue, J. W. Davis, San Francisco, j
In the name of the association the j
word opticians was changed by unani- j
I mous vote to optometrists. j
' After the business session was con- j
i eluded the members of the association j
and guests sat down at . the banquet
table, i Covers were laid for seventy- i
five and an enjoyable evening was'
spent. Among those who responded i
to toasts were Governor Pardee, Lewis f
F. Byington, Judge Samuels of Oak- '
land and Senator Wolfe of this city.
I ~ - ' i
OPTOMETRISTS CONCLUDE - j
SESSION WITH BANQUET i
The registration office is now open
for registration. All previous regis
trations are canceled and every cit
izen «ho (rants to vote at the coining
election must re-register. Registra
tion for the primary election to be
held May. 3. 1904. closes April 13.
Registration for the Presidential elec
tion to be held November 8, 19>04,
clones September 28.
George P. Adam?, the new Registrar
appointed by Mayor Schmitz to suc
i«d Walsh, took the oath of office
and s«su!ned charge of the office yes
terdav at noon.
Former Registrar Walsh left yes
terday for Washington with the bal
lots of the recent election for Con
pes?man. Wnlsh poes to be present
av the recount of the ballots in the
Kxhn-Livernash contest.
George P. Adams Takes Oath of Of
fice — Voters Must Be Sworn Again
for Coming Elections.
FORMER REGISTRAR WALSH
LEAVES FOR WASHINGTON"
The resolution directing the Treas
urer to return licenses on nickel ma
chines to various persons, aggregating
the sum of $4550, was rereferred to the
Joint committee on Finance, Police and i
Licenses. The expert of the Finance
Committee reported that the claims ag
gregated more than the amount of
licenses handed In.
The demand of C. B. Holbrook for
$325 was rejected by the Finance Com
mittee, he not having assisted In the
prosecution of certain offenders found
guilty of cruelty to animals. The de- j
mand of former Auditor Wells for $7
for printing transcripts on appeal was
rejected, as it was not authorized by
the board.
BUYS LOT OF LAND.
An authorization was ordered drawn
in favor of Annie Chapman for $7250, In
payment for a lot of land on Qulncy
place condemned for St. Mary's square
purposes.
The board adopted a rule that the
clerk shall keep a record of all requests
and instructions directed by the Board .
of Supervisors to any officer or board
of the city and county, and the action |
thereon of such officer or board.
The following ordinances were finally
passed:
Regulating the number of buildings
so thauone number shall be allowed for
each one-fiftieth of a block.
Providing for the full acceptance of;
Green street, between Buchanan and
Webster.
Changing grades on the avenues from
Fifteenth to Twenty-second, I, J and K
streets.
Accepting a deed from M. A. Fritz to j
land for the opening of De Long ave
nue.
Accepting a deed from Charles Patton I
for the opening of East Park street, and j
authorizing the payment of $1500 for the .
same. % . j
The proposed ordinance prohibiting
the operation of machines or engines on
public streets and sfdevyalks, and de
signed to suppress compressed air house
and carpet cleaning machines was in
definitely postponed without any ob
jection being made. City Attorney Lane
advised that a provision exempting ma
chines used on city work from restric
tion invalidated the measure.
Watt said that the former practice
of the Fire Commission that a number
of horse dealers throughout the country
be asked for bids to purchase horses
had been abandoned by the present ad
ministration. Braunhart suggested the
adoption of a resolution requesting the
Fire Commission to "follow the former
plan in the purchase of horses. * '
Fire Commissioner Maestrettl an
nounced rather defiantly that so far as
he was concerned he would follow the
charter and would not agree to send a
man out in the country to get bids, for
horses, even If it were to the city's best
interests to do so. This declaration was
characterized as remarkable by Bran
denstein.
The Finance and Fire Committees
were directed to confer with the F*ire
Commission to ascertain if the old plan
could not be readopted.
MACHINES MAY OPERATE.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
resumed its investigation into the ex
cessive prices paid for "horses by the
Fire Department to J. J. Doyle, and
after a long discussion the latter's bills
for nineteen horses, aggregating $5475,
were ordered paid.
Evidence was presented that pro
posals for furnishing ten horses, more
or less, had been Invited by resolution
of the Fire Commissioners on August 7,
1903. The award of contract for ten
horses for $2000 was made to J. J. Doyle
on August 23.
Proposals were again invited on Sep
tember IS for twenty-flve horses, and
September 19 the contract for ten horses
was awarded to Doyle for $275 each.
Fire Commissioner Watt thought the
price charged was outrageously high.
He produced a letter from a man in
Petaluma, who offered to sell good
horses for $200 or $250.
Copies ot the memorial were ordered
sent to the President and each member
of Congress and the Senate.
Therefore, this board memorializes the Pres!
<Jem and the Ccngrer* of the United States to
paf.« such law* as may be necessary to grant
to the city and county of San Francisco the
rirht to use the reservoir sites heretofore
applied for.
Whereas. Neither of the two sites In ques
tion is now accessible by wagon roar; and will
never he visited by any considerable number
of persons excent in the months of July. Au
gi;«t and September, when the sta«;e of" water
In the lakes will be hlsh.
Wherecs. The use to which the w-ater Is to
If put Is the hisrhest possible beneficial use.
Whereas, It is not conceivable that th#
maintenance of a forest reservation with an
area of about ir.Hi square miles is to inter
fere to any material extent with the develop
ment of water for useful purposes, particu
larly when such utilization introduces into
the ;>nrk a ne* lake about two miles in ar»a
and enlarges a second from less than one-half
to nearly two square miles, enhancing the
natural beauties of the park instead of de
tractin- from them.
INTRODUCES XEW-XiAIvE.
"Tt'ere may be a difference of. opinion as
to what natural objects may be justly con
sidered as being" within the meaning of this
prv% ision of the law, but there car. be no
doubt about the duty of the Secretaiy of the
Interior If, in h!g judgment, they are such
natural curiosities or natural wonder: as con
templated by the act.'"
¦\Yhereas, Both of these sites have been
recognized by the Department of the Interior
a« desirable and available for the atorage of
the flood-flow of the mountain streams, as
demonstrated by the reports of the United
States geological survey in which these reser
voir sites are repeatedly referred ;o. A plat
of the survey of Hetch Hetchy Valley was *ub
n-ltted to the Secretary of the Interior by the
United States geological survey and Its reser
vation from entry or settlement according to
law was asked for under date of February
27. 1881. <See opening statement ami page 35
of part 11 of the twelfth annual report of<the
United States geological survey.) A further
report upon the availability of this reservoir
site, with a study of the works r.ectssary at
the dam site, are contained In the twenty
first annual report of the United States geo
logical survey, pages <3O to ' 4CT>. in which,
on page 459, it Is stated "another purpose
which this dam and reservoir miclit be mode
to rer-.e would be to furnish the city of San
Francibco with an unfailing supply of pure
water. Without entering Into details it will
suffice to eay that the dam and reservoir as
proposed would insure a supply in the driest
years of 230 gallons per diem per capita for
l.um.OOQ people."
Lake Eleanor and the segregation of its
lands for reaervo:r purposes Is referred to In
part 11 of the eleventh annual repoit of the
United States geological survey^- page 157. onj
the plate between pages 100 and 101, and on
page 167; also In the thirteenth annual report,
part 111. pace <02. .-..
"It is contended that the appropriation of
Lake Eleanor and Hetch Hetchy Valley for
great reservoirs for the proposed storage of
water would tnhanee rather than detiact from
their natural beauty, but this Is not material
in view of the law which cummand^ the Sec
retary of the Interior to preserve and retain
them in their natural condition if they are
'natural curiosities."
WOULD ENHANCE BEAUTY".
; Whereas, The specific reason of the rejec
tion of these' applications Is in part titeted by
the honorable Secretary of the Interior at fol
lows: "The act of October 1. 1890. mikes It
obligatory upon the Fecretary of the Interior
to preserve and retain the 'natural curiosities
and wonders' In the park in their 'natural
condition." This provision of the act which
j established the park remains in lull force,
not having been repealed or modified by the
I act under which this application is made nor
I by any other legislation.
I Thk Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a memorial to Congress and
the President of the United States ask
ing for the necessary legislation to
grant the rights of tray in Hetch
; Hetchy Valley and Lake Eleanor, ap-
I plication for which has been denied by
j the Secretary, of the Interior. The
! Board of Works prepared the memo
rial on the ground that the necessity
I of securing an abundant supply of pure
| water from the Sierras is manifest. The
j memorial folli/ws:
| Whereas. Tht application* for reservoir
riirhtf-or-way wore denied by the Secretary' of
I the Interior, who points out that, ob viewed
; by the D^r'-irtmem of the Interior, "the ap-
I vMratlon Is confronted by legal rmbarra«s
{ Vents which appear to If surmountable only
j by the exercise of the legislative potier of the
Government."
The ordinance authorizing the Board t
of Election Commissioners to appoint a
storekeeper-mechanic for the Depart
ment of Elections was finally passed.
The ordinance is designed to legalize
the tenure of Fred Anderson, who has
filled the position for four years past, j
The board referred to the Light Com- j
mittee the proposed ordinance regu
lating the installation of gasfitting in
accordance with an act of the Legisla
ture. The ordinance provides that the
Board of WorKs shall appoint a num
ber of inspectors, who shall inspect all
new work relating to gasfitting In new
and old buildings. The ordinance also
designates the exact manner, of Instal
lation to be followed. The legislative
act also provides for the appointment
of a board of examiners to carry out
the provisions of the act.
suit in a charge against th<? several lots I
cf land, and he designates the owners \
nf such lots. Among these are W. K. '
I?ean, $4610; , James D. Phelan, $6050; j
Mary Allyne et at.; $4190; A. W. Wilson,
$3430: Mrs. Theresa Oelrichs and Vir- I
ginia Vanderbilt, $5040; M. Sirnlnoff. j
$5040; D. J. Murphy et al.. $21,000; Flora
B. McDermott, $6040; Timothy Hopkins,
$70^0; Edward McLaughlin, $10,070: W. ]
H. Taylor. Sl?,170; Archbishop Ri->i\lsin, !
$12,250; estate of Charles L. Fair, '512.- »¦
5&0; Hibernia BanV, $8060; Emma Jo- j
seph, $6610, and the Coast Realty Com
pany, $9700.
The district benefited is bounded by
McAllister, Taylor. O'Farrell and Lar
kin streets.
The Board of Public Works yesterday I
filed with -the Board of Supervisors a^
map of the -district which will be rec
ommended as the district benefited by
the proposed changes of grades oh
Golden Gate avenue at J.cnes and Leav- I
enworth streets. The City Engineer es
timates that the total cost of the /work I
involved in reconstructing the streets •
at a new elevation and the daraagf 3 [
ivhlch will result therefrom will ap
proximate 5350,000. The City Engineer !
states that the damages to private ;
property and the cost of changing the i
streets to the new elevations would re- I
Dorn, the Supervisors' appointee, filed
his oath of office v.ith the County Clerk.
Isidore Golden, who was appointed
Justice of the Peace by Governor Par
dee, assumed possession of his office at
9 o'clock yesterday morning. Walter
Gallagher, the Mayor's appointee, did
not put in an appearance at all.
The retiring Justice of the Peace,
Percy Lone, had left the keys of his
courtroom with Clerk McComb, who
turned them over to Goiden as soon as
he made a demand for them. Golden
began his duties by signing several de
fault judgments, and presiding Justice
Van Nostrand assigned several cases ?«
the new Justice of the Peace. '
Brandenstefn held that the power of
appointment under the Political Code
lies with the Supervisors. The vote on
the resolution follows:
Ayes— Alpers. Bent, Booth, Boxton,
Brandenstein, Braunhart. Connor,
Comte. D'Ancona, Loughery, Lynch,
McClcllan, Payot— 13.
Noes— Eggers, Walsh, Wilson— 3.
Excused— Rea—L
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
took a hand in the Justice of the Peace
embrog'.io by adopting a resolution ap
pointing Walter E. Dorn to the va
cancy created by Percy Long's resig
nation. This make* three appointments
for the one office. Governor Pardee hav
ing appointed Isidore Golden and May
or Schmitz having named Walter Gal
lagher.
Supervisors Consider Ordinance
Providing for Inspection of
the Piping in All Buildings
Ordinance to Prohibit Opera
tion, of House Cleaning Ma*
chines on Streets Defeated
Governor's Appointee, Isidore
(i'ohlcn, Takes Possession of
Office Without Interference
and Ketch Hctchy Valley
Asks Necessary Legislation for
Privileges on Lake Eleanor
SEEKS RIGHTS OF WAY
MAESTRETTF IS DEFIANT
TO ADJUST GAS FITTING
THHEE MEN FOR PLACE
Board Takes Fire Commission
to Task for Not Following
Old Plan in Buying Animals
City Engineer Files Map of
District Affected by Golden
Gate. Avenue; Grade 'Changes
Board of Supervisors Adopts
Jlemorial to Congress and
President Asking for Relief
Board Appoints Walter E. Dorn
Justice of Peace to Succeed
Percy Long-, Who Resigned
HORSE VALUES
NOT SETTLED
PROPERTY WILL
BE BENEFITED
WANTS WATER
FROM SIERRA
SUPERVISORS
TIKE A HAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 190*.
The Civil Service Commission closadj
the list of applicants for positions as
patrolman on the police force yester
day. .It had been open for two weeks :
and more tharf 500 applir - •* • -"-: were '
filed. ' . |
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
18 A severe case of Ovarian a
Trouble and a terrible operation
avoided. Mrs. Eramons tells
how she was saved by the use
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
"Deae Hss. PnncEAv::— I am bo
pleased Trith the results obtained from
Jjjdia E. Pinkhlm's "Vegetable
Compound that I feel it a dut y acd
a privilege to write you about it.
" I STifTcrpd for. more than fire years
vith ovarian troubles, causing- tn
tr.plrascnt discharge, a great- weak-
ness, and at times a faintnesa would
come over me -which no amount of
medicine, diet, or crerciso seemed to
correct. Your Vegetable Compound
to -nd the rreak epot, however, within
a fcx ncclrs — and saved me from
nn operation — all my troubles had
disappeared, and I found myself onco
more healthy and Trc'l. Words fail to
c]«?ribc the real, true, grateful fcelinjr
that is :a my heart, and I want to tell
erery sick asd suffering sister. Don't
dally with medicines you know noth-
ing about, but take T^ydia K. Pink-
Itam's Vegetable Compound, and
take ray word for it. you will be a dif-
ferent woman in a short time. v — Mns.
tiAisnx. Kmmoxs, WalkcrTille, Ont> —
XZ009 ftrfeit if fi float ef cboo* ietter pnsittf
fcr.uir.enat cannot b» prtd-jrej.
Don't hesitate to write to Mrs.
Pinkham 'if there is anything
cbout jour sickness you do not
understand. "So Troman ever
Tcsretted. writing her and she i
has helped thousands. Address ,
l*jnn f Mass. '
. .. ¦ '¦':., -' ..- ADVERTISEMENTS. ';^'
VflB pi8 mm . m Pjfl B3 r9 in Efl| e9 Km Kb Byfsa B8 E9 "^ BM V jTJj Sf Pfl MB ¦V<M ¦M Wi fiB I I
BE PAID TO ANYONE
If we do not prove that we sell clothing 5096 to
75% less than any store in San Francisco. We
bought $175,000 worth from the Boston Board
of Trade at prices that beggar description. Every
garment guaranteed to be all wool, not a sweat-
shop garment in the lot, each splendidly made by
America's most noted manufacturers. : : : :
EVERY SEAM OR BIT OF BRAID OR BUTTON
SEWN ON BY FULL-BLOOPED, PATRIOTIC,
PAINSTAKING. HONEST AMERICANS : : :
We Will Pay the Railroad Fares of Prospective Purchasers
If, after looking at the goods and comparing prices, they arc
not satisfied of the truth of our statements* EVERY GAR-
MENT* wiil be a stupendous Bargain* *
..HERE 15 PROOF..
READ EVERY LINE
MEN'S ALL-WOOL GARMENTS, all sizes in Tweeds,
mixtures, cheviots, worsteds, in fancy colorings, stripes, checks
and plaids* Linings piped* Every button wedded to its gar-
ment* Worth and sold everywhere for $12.50. Our Price,
$4.75. Incredible, you may say* , COME AND SEE!
SOLID BLACKS, BLUES, BR0WNS==W00L-
ENS. Irish Frieze, worsteds, fast colorings* Cut latest style,
broad lapels to coat, three-button sacks with V shape cutaway
in front Elegant for business. Worth $17*00* Our Price,
$7.85. You don't believe it? COME AND SEE!
MEN'S BUSINESS SUITS, handsome, natty/ full of
style and wear* Worth from $9*00 to $17*00* Our Price,
$4.50 to $875. It's a living fact COME AND SEE!
BOYS' SUITS, just the thing for school or daily wear* All
ages, all sizes, all guaranteed pure wool, every one up to date*
Worth from $6.00 to $15*00* Our Prices range from $2.75 to
$8.00. Your boy can be fitted beautifully. Maybe you are
skeptical? COME AND SEE!
CHILDREN'S SUITS, ages from 6 to 12 years* Made
up. in the latest styles** Rough and Readys, Sailors,- Buster
Browns, in fact every style to choose from; everything that
a fond mother's heart can desire in the shape of garment
beauty* You can't buy such suits anywhere else for less, than
$4*50 to $10.00.- Our Prices range from $1.65 to $4.50. Is this
true? COME AND SEE!
MEN'S OVERCOATS, every style and make, top, -covert,
rain* Worth from $15.00 to $35*00. \ Our Prices from $3.50 to
$10.00.
You must come and prove these wonderful things. We
mean every word we say. Don't condemn us nor our meth-
ods; wait until you have been here, then you won't* The p'ace
¦''¦•¦; - : L~ -¦¦¦--•'¦¦¦;•••¦-¦¦•¦ ¦•¦-:; . ¦
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO
PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED i ¦ ==sa = — Tl
_- •¦ ¦-¦¦¦' '• ¦¦¦¦¦ ; -p-, ND • - !| Remit by Postoff fee Money j
CHEST'MEAi URE AND HEIGHT I O^or by Express. j"Easier Than It Looks."
. Revolution has lit its torch in Ur^juay, and the en
tire republic is said to be in a state of siege in conse
quence. There appears to be cause for no unusual
alarm, however, as South American revolutions seldom
create more harm than the presentation of a new comic
opera. If it had not been for this new disturbance we
might have forgotten that Uruguay is on the map.
NO MA>TS LAND— C. N,, City. "No
Man's Land," in the United States, was
at one time a part of the territory now
known as Texas. In IS45 Texas, on be
ing adrxiitted to the Union, ceded to the
United States that strip of her land
which lay- nocth of 38 degrees SO min
utes, north latitude. This piece. 167
miles long and 35 miles wide, was with
out government until 1900. when it he".
came part of Oklahoma. Until that
time it was known as "No Man'«
Land."
Townsend's California glace fruits antf
ca^l% s vJ° C a A P™ 1 " 3 - artistic nre
etehed boxes A nice present for Eastern
friends. 713 Market st.. a^ove Call bids "
: Special information supplied dally ta
business houses and public men by th ft
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 2» Call!
fornia street. Telep W« Main ifl«t •
Wireless telegraphy is now a practical reality be
tween here and the Farallones. Let us hope that this
important improvement, distinctly the triumph of pa
tient science, may serve as a protection . to ships that
come to our coast as well as an advantage to the vast
commercial interests that find their home in. San
Francisco. .
Your Ftreet foe strikes for you wild
ly with his right hand. Catch hold of
his right wrist as he does so with your
left hand. Bend your left knee and
lean forward with the upper part of
the body. At the same time pull his
right arm backward over your head
If you put one short end of a long,
heavy seesaw board over a fence you
can hardly lift the other end. If you
ehove it along until one-half of the
board Is on each side of the fence you
can raise or lower the board at will.
This is a matter of balance. Now if
that board were on the ground you
could not, perhaps, raise either end of
it. The fence across which the board
lies makes the ' lifting easy by im
parting what is known as leverage.
Balance and leverage make very easy
the apparently difficult feat I am about
to describe, a feat whereby I have seen
a man who weighed 120 throw a 200
pound opponent high into the air and
dash him to the ground. Here is the
trick:'
until you are standing directly in
front of him. with your back to his
chest, vour right arm BtHI about his
neck and your left hand gripping his
tight wrist. Your hips should both be
in front of him. Bend the knees so
as to bring you lower down, dra»w his
head forward and. tisinjj your hips as
a lever, throw him forward over your
head. This is easy il correctly done.
To guard this, twist your head violent
ly from under his grip the moment
you feel his arm behind your neck. Or
step suddenly to the right, thus spoil
ing his leverage by getting to one side
of his hips.
The School Board of Kansas City, Kansas, is under
the fire of accusation of bribery and corruption in con
nection with the purchase of school supplies. If dishon
esty in public office be a disease distinctly American there
is at least one consolation that its contagion is not
secretly spread. Those that contract it know that ex
posure, humiliation and, frequently, punishment inev^
itablv follow.. } '
PANAMA REVOLUTION — Enq..
City. There was a revolution In Pan
ama in 1S65. It .started March 9. The
Government was deposed and Don Jil
Clojune was declared President. There
was also, a revolution there In 1S73.
when the Government was overthrown
by Colombian troops, October 12, with
out bloodshed.
Is It Transmutation*
In the last few months' something
little short of confusion, has been
wrought in the ranks of science by the
revelations of the metal radium. The
atomic thoory, long established, was
upset; the principle of conservation of
energy, which seemed impregnable, was
threatened, and a general insecurity in
scientific beliefs began to be felt. But
a great hope alsu arose, the hope that
humanity was on the verge of some
marvelous discovery of tne true' con
stitution of things and perhaps of the
meaning of life and nature. That hope
has *not yet been fulfilled, and it is
gradually subsiding again. But radium
reserved at least one other surprise for
the scientists... Sir William Ramsay,
professor of chemistry at University
College, Ixindon.^ has made the discov
ery that this mysterious element has
the power of changing by some subtle
process into another element, namely,
helium. He found that, besides its oth
er manifestations, radium constantly
gives off an emanation which seems
to behave in all respects like a heavy
gas. It can fre collected in flasks, mea
sured, weighed, but in about a month
It entirely disappears. What becomes
of it? By the aid of the spectroscope.
Sir "William Ramsay found that It
changes into helium. Thus, it is claim
ed, one element has been detected in
the very process of transformation into
another.— Harper's Weekly.
NATIONAL GUARD— Militia, City.
To ascertain when an enlisted man .was
discharged from a troop of cavalry of
the National Guard of California-ad
dress'a letter of inquiry to the Adjutant
General M. G. C.v Sacramento, Cal. A
record of all discharges from thje ser
vice of the State is kept there.
Information from the Far East announces that Chi
nese cruisers are rapidly being prepared for service
and in the war which seems imminent between Japan
and' Russia will act as allies of'Japan. Judging from
what Chinese cruisers did in the war between Japan and
the Flowery Kingdom, it would be difficult to tell
whether they would be safer to the Mikado as enemies
or as friends..
PRINCE OF WALES— Subscriber.
Sulsun, CaL • The Prince of Wales, now
King Edward. VII of England, visited
the Canadas and the United States in
1S60, but his tour did not extend to San
Francisco. -_•*. -~.
The Reckoning.
Love taught me all I knew of bliss:
Love taught me all I knew of pain —
Lured me with laughter and disdain
Then made me captive with his kiss.
He vowed no pleasure I ! should miss.
Then swift he wounded me again —
Love taught me, all I knew of bliss;
Love taught me all I knew of pain.
So deep we sounded- griefs abyss.
My heart to beg- release was fain;
Ah, would my pleading had been vain.
For now J but remember this:
Love taught me all I knew of bliss!
—Smart Set.
Not a Joke.
Under the caption "A Joke on John
Bull" there appeared in theSe columns
a few days ago«*eference to the toast
recently given by Emperor William of
Germany, in which he said that Blucher,
the great German leader, had rescued
the English army from annihilation at
Waterloo. A reader has taken excep
tion to the consideration of this speech
of Mr. Hohenzollern's.in anything but
a serious mood in a communication,
which reads as follows:
"Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: I most
respectfully beg you to convey to the
writer of the inclosed article ("A Joke
on John Bull") the statement that his
torical record will prove that Emperor
William's speech was not a, joke on
John Bull, but the expression of a real
ity. General Blucher did come with the
Prussians to rescue Waterloo from a
French victory, to save not only the
English, but also the Germans. Hol
landers, and Belgian^, comprising the
allied army under the command of
Wellington. The army at Waterloo
commanded by Wellington was consti
tuted as follows:
Germans — 32.454 : killed and wounded SJX57
English— 22.491: killed and wounded. ' 2SO2
Hollanders and Belgians — 10.891: killed ¦ and
•wounded. 20CS. . Prussians — 15,821; killed and
•wounded. 6724.
"I wonder if there is a sensible man
on, earth who will call this an English
battle or : English victory? Whyj the
¦ Even the premonitory war "growling of Russia and
Japan has sent a stream of gold into the coffers of the
merchants of San Francisco. While we sincerely wish
that the two powers of the Orient may see their way
clear to live in peace and harmony, we cannot help but
temper the hope, with a satisfaction that if they must
'fight we will reap the harvest of the peace-loving de
corous tradesman.
PATENT— J. W., Alameda, CaL A
person desiring to record an assign
ment of patent obtained from the Unit
ed States should address a communica
tion to the United States Commissioner
of Patents, Washington, D. C.
SULLIVAN-KIL. RAIN — Constant
Reader,. Cltyl In their battle at Rich
ling, Mlas., July 8, 1SS3. for $10,000 a
side and the championship, Sullivan
and Kilrain fought seventy-five rounds.
SAN FRANCISCO— A. O, S.. City.
San Francisco. CaL, Is In latitude
37 48 2S.6 north and in longitude
122 24 29.8 west. £"• . '
THE new year begins with shadows falling over
many parts of the world, forecasting the approach
of war. Macedonia and Manchuria are storm cen
ters. A possible contest on the isthmus between our
selves and Colombia would -hardly- bV more than an
opera bouffe affair in itself, but it would none the less
have consequences affecting the world. Trivial there
fore as it may seem, it takes its place in the domain of
world politics and must- be considered along with the
larger contests that appear to be impending in the Le
vant and in the Orient.
In times gone by the course of world politics was de
termined mainly by the ambitions of contending dynas
ties. Macaulay in a striking passage tells how the desire
of Frederick the Great to annex Silesia caused rival
Moguls to go to war against one another in the valley
of the Ganges and the red men to scalp one another on
the banks of Lake Huron, . The statement is not an ex
aggeration, for the ambitions of Frederick involved
Great Britain and France in his wars, and they in turn
set their armies and fleets to stirring up their allies to
battle in India and in America. Thus the schemes of
a military adventurer who happened to be born to a
throne sufficed to set three continents aflame with war.
About the only direct results' of those old wars were
the extensions of the bounds of empire and the increase
of the military power of this or that nation. Widely dif
ferent is Jhe nature of the world p'olitics . of our time.
No dynastic ambition' is concerned- in the impending
struggles in Macedonia or in Manchuria any more than
in Panama. The quiet and melancholy man who sits
upon the Russian throne and is known as Autocrat is
doubtless as desirous of peace as any other man living,
and so far from seeking an increase of power would
probably be glad to dispense with much -that is now
weighing upon him. A new force is driving the nations
forward. ' Russian advance into Manchuria is done in
the name of the commerce and the industries of civiliza
tion, even as is our advance toward supremacy in Pan
ama. ¦ ,
Of course Russia cannot carry to any part of the
world the civilization that- prevails in Western Europe
and in the United. States, and to that extent
her aggressive movements upon Turkey,^ China and Per
sia are looked upon as portentous of danger, to civiliza
tion 1 itself. Were it otherwise, the impending conflicts
in Macedonia and in Manchuria would be frankly count
ed as parts of that general movement of conquest on v the
part of civilization over the barbarian or semi-civilized
races of the- earth that is so notable a feature of our
time.
Outside of the three points named there, are other
MODERN WORLD POLITICS.
Jaw. Be sure to have the other foot
planted in such a way that if you miss
your aim you will not lose your bal
ance. I have seen men faint from the
pain and shock of this foot blow.
Again, if your opponent rushes you,
strik' g at you, seize his extended arm
by the wrist with both hands, wheel
about so that ou are facing in the
same direction as he (his imprisoned
arm being drawn .over your shoulder
and still held by the wrist in both your
hands), bend suddenly forward above
the waist, bracing your feet, and pull
ing his arm forward sharply and with
all your strength. The impetus of his
own rush/, aided by the pull you give
his arm, will send him over your head
to the ground.
One thing more: The street fighter,
as I have said, will kick. - Be careful
to stand in such a way that his kicks
cannot land on your abdomen. Stand
somewhat more to one Bide than in reg
ular boxing, and keep your left leg ex
tended in such a way as party to pro
tect the abdomen and to receive any
kick that may be aimed thereat.
Our next boxing lesson will take us
back to the gloves and will deal with
the 'various attitudes in sparring and
some favorite blows and guards of fa
mous pugilists. These will include Jef
fries' famous "crouching attitude" and
Fitzsimmons' great "shift."
Seel on Opponent's Instep.
The worthy ladies and gentlemen who .honored the
teachers' institute recently in this,, city were at much
pains to counsel their associates against the danger of
useless, unnecessary, ornamental instruction. The peda
gogues were urged to go back to the simpler principles of
education and to leave the frills alone. The advice was
well given, and as it was nothing new served perhaps to
pass an hour and then to be forgotten.
Ancnt the Canteen.
Great uneasiness was caused to the
country at large by the recent official
report that, during the last "official
year, 5034 men, the equivalent of six.lull
regiments, had deserted from the
American army. In view of such a fact
it becomes *of vital importance to
search for tfce causes of the discontent
which must be at the root of this evil.
Colonel W. C. Church, editor of the
Army and Navy Journal, in a thought
ful article in the December number of
the North American Review, expresses
the opinion that, in any thorough and
comprehensive investigation, the effect
of the discontinuance of the army can
teen must not be overlooked. The
army canteen was established for the
sake of abolishing the post trader, and
Colonel Church avers that the army
was making excellent progress in tem
perance under the influence of the can
teen, when, in obedience to civilian In
terference, Congress legislated it out of
existence. Colonel Church deplores the
tendency shown by a multitude of peo
ple who know nothing of army condi
tions to impose their theories in prac
tice upon the American soldier. He
quotes the. testimony of a number of
clergymen familiar with army life to
the evil effects of the anti-canteen leg
islation, and in confirmation of his
\iews he appeals to the opinion ex
pressed by the vast majority of the of
ficers of the army; \yho are almost, he
says, a unit in their desire for the re
establishment of the canteen, which
was found to be a highly successful
means of keeping the soldier within the
barracks and away from the tempta
tions which lie in wait for him beyond
its confines.
heel. Throw your left arm about his
•waist on a level with the small of his
back and (as in the hip lock) bring
your right hand against his throat-
Now, on a system of opposing forces,
push with your right hand and draw
inward with your left arm. keeping
your left foot in such a position that
he cannot step backward nor recover
his balance. Throw him to the right,
letting go as soon as he is on the way
to the ground and not giving him time
to catch hold of you.
To guard against this, in case a man
tries to get such a grip on you, whirl
to your right bringing your left foot
around in front to prevent him from
stepping in. This move if done quick
ly will also prevent him from getting
a grip on you.
The "chancery and hip throw" is
one of the oldest and most dreaded
holds in the now extinct London prize
ring: category. If your antagonist
leads for your face with either hand,
gTiard with your left and lead for his
face with your risht, gauging the dis
tance so that if you dcr not land your
blow will go past his head.
Bring back your right arm
until it encircles his neck
from behind. As you do this whirl
about (on your left toe as a pivot)
A Throw Over the Shoulder.
AMONG the things unexpected that are quite likely
to happen in the near future is the development in
Central Africa of an electrical power plant that
will be the largest in the world, leaving that* at Niagara
Falls as a bad second. The enterprise has been carefully
considered by engineers and is reported to be entirely
feasible, so that the region known to- men of the.present
generation as "Darkest Africa" may possess within a few
years the most stupendous source of -electrical energy
that human enterprise has been able to achieve.
'The proposed plant is to be established at Victoria
Falls, and will be of enormous value to the coun
try, where there is a great lack of coal and suit
able wood for fuel purposes. The region around the
falls is rich in resources of many kinds, but its exploita
tion has been financially impossible because every man
ufactured article used in the 'development of any kind of
industry has to be imported at heavy cost. The opera
tion of electrical power generated by the great falls will
provide means for establishing manufactories in, the coun
try itself and thus promote its exploitation in "every di
rection.
A recent account of the project says: "The electric
plant will be built on a shelf cut into the side near the
bottom of one of the zigzag cracks below the falls. The
water will be carried around the cataract in great steel
tubes and dropped three hundred feet to big turbine
wheels. The engineers of the South African Company
estimate that the falls will furnish 35,000,000 horse
power; Niagara, if every drop of water were used, would
not furnish more than 7,000.000 horsepower. Thirty
five million horsepower means the equivalent of more
than ten horses, working night and day, for every white
person in South Africa. It is enough, one would think, to
manufacture every article that South Africa needs; it is
enough to light the city of New York, run its street cars
and do all its manufacturing."
The projectors believe that the achievement of then
undertaking would hasten the completion of the much
talked of road from the Cape to Cairo and that with such
communication with the outer world there would grow
up around Victoria Falls a city of first-class importance
that would in time become the metropolis of Africa and
one of the great industrial centers of the world. One
sanguine boomer of the project says: "In South Africa,
since the power cannot come to the city, the city will go
to the power. They will bind their New York or their
Pittsburg on the edge of Victoria*Falls. If any one has
ever sighed with the man who fifty years ago could have
bought a square mile of what is now Chicago for a thou
sand dollars let him go to 'South Africa and buy land near
Victoria Falls. In his old age he will be founding uni
versities and public libraries. The stories of Chicago,
Minneapolis and Denver are sure to be repeated and
magnified."
AN AFRICAN ENTERPRISE.
Output of Rolling Stock.
The car and locomotive output for
the year 1903, as indicated by estimates
prepared by the Railroad Gazette,
shows a falling off in the number of
cars built as compared with 1902, and
a considerable Increase in the number
of locomotives turned out. From offi
cial figures received from all but two
car building concerns in the United
States the Gazette estimates the num
ber of cars built in 1903 at 154,803. These
figures include all freight and passen
ger cars built for elevated and steam
railroads, and are exclusive of those
built by railroads In their own shops
and those built for street and other
electric service.
Of this number approximately 132,081
were freight cars and 2007 passenger
coaches; 153,195 for domestic use and
1613 for export. Last year the total
number of cars built was 164,547, which
is about 9700 in excess of thi3 year. The
decrease has occurred in the last two
months, as uo to that time the output
for 1903 was equal to the output for the
first ten months of 1902.
The cumber of locomotives turned
out from the various engine works of
the country is given at 5152. as com
pared with 4070 in 1902. Included in this
number are SS electric locomotives. The
increase over 1802 is the largest that
has ever occurred in one year, and is,
possibly, due to the fact that the loco
motive works in the country had such
a volume of orders placed during 1902
that they were unable to make imme
diate deliveries, and many of the orders
were held ever until 1903. Returns from
Canada show that 55 locomotives have
been built by two firms, one of which
has only recently begun operations.
At an average cost of $12,000 per loco
motive, the total amount expended by
the railroads in 1903 for motive power
was approximately $62,000,000. This, of
course, is independent of the amount
expended for engines built by the rail
roads at their own shops.
Answers to Queries.
WEIGHT OP COINS— M., City.
There are 120 bronze 1-cent pieces to a
pound weight and seventy-five nickels
to the pound.
The Chicago horror has excited our own authorities to
needed' action in reference to the condition of local the
aters. An investigation of the measures that theatrical
managers have taken to protect the public has begun,
and surely it should^not end until every theater and pub
lic place of amusement is absolutely safe.
To 1 hro'd Your Man. ;&
BY ALEHHT l'AYPOX TEttHUNE.
[Athletic Expert New Yo«k Evening Worlil,
Author of "Muscle UaildlnK." etc.]
(Copyright, ifWM. by Joseph 1*. Bowles.)
The throat and back "lock" has a
family likeness to the old fashioned
"under-hold" in wrestling. When
your opponent rushes you knock his
guard outward (as in infighting) so
that both your arms are "inside" his.
As you d.o this step in with the left
foot, bringing it just behind his left
English alone would have been a little
lunch for Napoleon. As for the London
newspapers becoming excited on ac
count of the truth being told, it is a
case of self-deception because they
happened to have a few men on the field.
"At Blenheim they happened to have
7000 men in an army of 63,000. The
'Hanoverians* fought on their side at the
battle of Waterloo, and not. as Em
peror William said, with the Prussians.
The poor Hanoverians for about 200
years had to do all the fighting for the
English.
"Hoping that your writer will In the
future read some history before writing
an article, I beg to be excused for the
bad writing. My eyes are rather deli
cate. Very respectfully yours.
"MUNROE RUSSELL."
NOTE — The writer of these columns haa
made arrangements with the shade of Wel
lington to 'bout face to the rear and stt down.
OUR friend of the Colusa Sun seems unable to get
out of* the Panama canal. In a recent issue he
says: "It was said without contradiction that
the Panama' Company paid to somebody ten millions, of
dollars for getting the route adopted N by the country."
We beg of our influential contemporary to consider for
a moment what this charge means. We never heard of
it before. It was made,, if at all, by some one who de
sired to defeat a canal and at the same time* malign the
administration. As a vagrant accusation, general in its
nature, it could not be contradicted. - But lei; us look
into it more closely. The power to adopt a canal route
was by law conferred upon the President of the United
States. Does the Sun believe that President Roosevelt
was influenced corruptly and by money? That is what
the charge amoiints to, and. the one who made it and all
who repeat it assume the responsibility of accusing the
President of the United States of the most serious of
fense that an executive can commit.
Such charges have been made against Presidents be
fore. Mr. Bryan charged Mr. Cleveland with corrup
tion in office, and this grave and serious accusation was
part of the Democratic campaign material of 1896. ' But
no one believed it and. all judicious citizens regretted
that it was made, for the sake of the good name of the
country. All such will now regret that a similar charge"
is made against President Roosevelt.
When the President visited Nevada last year, the
Democratic. Governor, John Sparks, introduced him to
a great audience at Carson, and. said of him, "The Presi
dent is a good American. There is not influence enough
in the world to turn him from what he believes to be
right, nor money enough in the world to induce him to
do wrong." Governor Sparks greatly dignified himself
by that ascription. It is true. It uttered the belief of
the whole American people. We believe even 'that the
editor of the Colusa Sun knows it was true, and know
ing it should be above slandering the President.
He says. he is in favor of going on with the Panama
canal, and that it will cost two hundred millions in ex
cess of the estimates. That it will cost more than the
estimates is probable, because it 'n> Government work.
All work done by the Government exceeds the cost of
work by private enterprise. But the canal was made a
Government enterprise principally by the persistence of
the Democrats. They all favored it as a national work.
They all knew the consequences, and that the cost
would probably be greater, and they are estopped now
from complaining. Nor can they ask that the work be
confided to a Democratic administration, in the ex
pectation that the usual results of Government work will
be avoided, for they appear under all administrations,
and it is the partisan habit and business of the outs to
tell the country that only the ins permit such excesses.
As the canal is a work of such stupendous- importance
to the world, and as its. completion will be so conspicu
ously honorable to this country, why can we not have a
truce to partisanship" in the matter? It is evident that the
Democrats in the Senate will ratify the treaty. Why
not do it graciously, ta'ke their share of the credit and
seek partisan issues elsewhere than in this purely ex
ternal and inter-world matter? The whole country
knows that President Roosevelt will enforce honesty in
the work, will curb extravagance as far as oversight
and foresight can do it, and every one knows too that
any President would do the same. So. let it stand at
that and curb this bad and unpatriotic tendency to de
fame a man and gentleman and countryman because he
is President.
1 ¦
until your left hand, by which you are
grasping his right wrist, is near your
left shoulder. As you do this seize
his right leg just above the knee with
your right hand. Now your back is
against his chest. With your left hand
you are grasping his right wrist. With
your right hand you grip his right leg.
Keep your left foot far enough ad
vanced to bear the extra burden with
out loss of balance, and (by moving
your own body and hauling on his by
pulling his right wrist outward with
your left) bring the back of your
shoulders down across his waist. Now
rise to an upright position, swinging
his body up as you go, his stomach
resting across your shoulders,'* his
right hand and leg caught and held by
you u just described. The manner
in which his body is balanced, midway
ii cross your shoulders (again the ques
tion of the fence and the seesaw
board), the impetus of his rush and
your rise are such that you can thus
suing into the air a man of double
your own weight. The whole thing
depends on speed, accuracy and
(ubove all) on balancing his body cor
rectly across your shoulders.- When
once you have him thus in the air
you can drop him any way you please
cr dash h u. head downward if you
prefer. Don't let him seize you with
his free hand during the process. The
trick is, as I said, far easier than it
sounds.
There are several nerve centers in
various portions of the human body,
which if struck hard will cause for the
moment a sort of temporary paralysis,
or which by pain or jar will communi
cate to, the* brain a shock that inca
pacitates that organ for instant action.
One of these vulnerable spots, as I
have explained to you, is the solar
plexus. Another is the point of the
Jaw. A third is the top of the instep.
Remembering .this, try the follow
ing- trick if hard pressed by a street
loafer who is trying to practice unfair
methods of fighting:
When he steps close catch the biceps
of both his arms (as in one of the
clinches I taught you) in such a way
as to prevent him for the moment from
striking. As. you do so bring forward
either foot, toe upward. Throwing the
whole weisht of the body on this foot,
bring down the heel with all your force
on to the top of his instep about mid
way between the point where the toes
join the foot and the spot where the
front part "of the foot ends and the
ankle starts. As you do this thrust
him backward and land at will on his
movements toward the white man's conquest. One of
the most notable of these is the growing prestige of
France in Northern Africa and the probable early an
nexation of Morocco to the French' empire. That
country is too rich and too important from a commer
cial point of view to be left in the hands. of rac^s who
neither know how to develop it themselves nor will per
mit others to 'do sot Finally, the continuous disturb
ances throughout South America are largely due to the
inflow of commercial energy into those countries,
bringing' about conflicts between the interests of the
progressive elements of the population and the greed of
the more lawless, who, under one . leadership or an*
other, seize upon the government and make spoil of
all they can lay their hands on.
., Modern world politics is distinctly the politics of
commerce and of civilization. It seeks to extend em
pires by peaceable means as far as possible, and where
war is imperative it seeks to make war itself subserve
the interests of trade. By means of machinery, steam
arid electricity, civilization has attained such a power of
expansion that no quarter of the globe can long remain
free from its influence. The early years of this century
will see a revolution wrought in South America, 'Asia
and Africa, and during the present year the swing of
that revolution may carry us toward wars of extraor
dinary magnitude, affecting not qnly the nations di
rectly engaged, but the entire world.
The Mahatma s Monster.
He is "the boy mahatma from La
hassa, the sacred city of Tee-bet." Be
sides possessing a body which is just a
reservoir for all sorts of mystic Bud
dhist influences, curative controls from
the heights of the Himalayas and won
derful revelations of the ancient pow
ers of the sacred priests, this boy ma
hatma owns a rattlesnake from Arizona
and two healthy, pulpy Gila monsters
from the banks of the Colorado,; far
away. When he is not allowing | his
curative powers to be turned loose on
Grant avenue this highly charged stor
age battery of influences from "Tee
bet" lives with his reptiles up in an
apartment-house on Pine street.
It was some time in the dim hours
of the morning when a gentleman of
bibulous tendencies who had heard of
the small but deadly menagerie in the
boy mahatma's apartments was mak
ing a stealthy way down the halls of
the aDartment-house to his room. Just
as he turned a corner his toe touched
against something in the dark and he
saw an orange- colored object move cau
tiously to one side and there pause as
if to await attack. The scream which!
came from that bibulous gentleman
was even heard by the policeman down
in the saloon on the corner. Then with
a dive the bibulous gentleman jerked
at the call bell at the head of the
stairs, standing meanwhile upon the
marble slab of the hatrack.
"The Gila monster's loose — turn out—
the Gila monster's runnin' around the
halls! They's two o* them— they an'
the rattlesnake an' the boy mahatma
is all loose!" The harp that Tang
through Tara's halls was not a cir
cumstance to that terrified appeal. .
A vision in white and curl papers
bounded from a bedroom into the hall
crying "fire." "Hey, look out; the Gila
monster's there — oh, Lord, he's down
there on the floor, almost where you're
steppin'!" The vision gasped and was
up on top of the landlady's desk in a
second. By that time the hall began to
be crowded with the frantic lodgers. To
each the bibulous gentleman from the
hatrack shrieked a frantic warning.
Some one had already turned in the fire
alarm, and oolice whistles were blow
ing from three different windows.
At last, just as the police arrived
upon the scene and the water tower
was being trained upon the upper story
the boy mahatma from "Tee-bet" calm
ly opened his door and stepped out into
the hall, thick with gloom and terror.
As he -stepped across the flood of light
lying on the floor in front of his open
door his sandaled shoe struck an
orange, which rolled a few paces and
then stopped truculently in the very
midst of the assembled multitude.
THE CANAL AND THE PRESIDENT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, ,1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . • ...... .Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication O~*ce .'. <J t^^^^ > Third and Market Streets, S. F.
TUESDAY. .................;....... .......;.. ................................ JANUARY 5. 1904
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESKilled by a Runaway Ore Car.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 4.— Joseph
Heather Young, a miner, employed in
the Central'shaft, was instar.tljs, killed
at the 1600-foot level this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Heather waa stationed
at the bottom to land cars and was
talking with two fellow miners. Green
and' Johnson, when the sheave broke,
allowing a heavily loaded car of ore
to rush down the incline. Green and
Johnson sprang aside, but Heather be
came bewildered or lost his prsence
of mind and was caught by the flying
car and crushed against the wall of
the shaft, death being instantaneous.
Heather was one of the most popular
and careful miners in the district and
his death has cast a gloom over the
entire city. He leaves a mother, two
sisters and a brother.
LOS ANGELES ACTS.
Building Superintendent Instructed to
Close All Unsafe Theaters.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 4. — Warned by
the terrible holocaust at Chicago the
Council took action to-day to urevent :
dangerous theater fires in Los Angeles, j
Building Superintendent Krause was ;
directed to make an examination of '
every theater in this cJty an<l to report '
their condition as regards flre precau
tions to the Council at the earliest pos
sible day. 'The Council went further j
and empowered the building superin- !
tendent to close the Grand Op^ra-house J
on Main street, rear First, if the man- :
agement refuses to provide suitable
exit?. The building superintendent had
been informed that the exits were not
in proper condition and that the man
ager of the theater had refused to
change them. A committee consisting";
of Superintendent Krause. Architects
John Parkinson and John C. Austin,
Councilmen Skilling. Farish and Me- 1
Aleer, J. W. Morrow of the fire under- j
writers. Electrician Manahan, Fire '
Chief Strohm and Plumbing Inspector i
Bennett has in hand the revision of
the building ordinance, and when the
report is presented, two weeks hence,
it will doubtless recommend some strin
gent regulations for theaters. Manager
Clarence Drown, when told that his
Main street house might be closed, ap
peared indignant.
"It's a piece of rank injustice," he
exclaimed. "If the Council thinks my
theater should be closed why let them
WILL INSPECT THEATERS.
Committee of Oakland Councilman to
Make Tour of Amusement Houses.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4. — The City Coun
cil to-night decided to make a thorough
inspection of all of the theaters of Oak
land and to act upon the report of a
special committee in regard to condi
tions and recommendations concerning
legislation with a view to preventing
such a catastroohe as that of the Iro
quois Theater In Chicago. *
A resolution presented by Council
man Cuvellier was adopted providing
for the appointment of the special com
mittee, composed of the Fire and Water
Committee of the City Council, namely,
Councllmen Cuvellier, Elliott. Wallace,
Pendleton and Howard, with Chief En
gineer Ball and Fire Warden George
•McDonald of the Fire Department, J.
E. McElroy, president of the Board of
Police and- Fire Commissioners, and an
architect to be selected.
The committee will meet Wednesday
evening at the City Hall to organise
and arrange for the inspection. The
resolution provides that the committee
shall make its investigation at once
and report with the least possible delay
to the City Council.
Resolutions of sympathy and con
dolence from the City Council on behalf
of the citizens of Oakland to the citi
zens of Chicago in their great bereave
ment by reason of the Iroquois Theater
calamity were adopted- on motion of
Councilman Cuvelller.
A certified copy of the resolutions
will be sent to the Mayor of Chicago.
SAUSAUTO, Jan. 4. — The over
flowing of oil into the furnace of the
steamer Cazadero of the North Shore
Railroad caused considerable commo
tion aboard- the steamer on a late trip
last night. The steamer left the
wharf in San Francisco for Sausalito
and had gone about half the distance
when a., tremendous explosion was
heard and a great cloud of smoke shot
up from the engine-room. About 100
passengers were aboard and it 'was
at first thought the steamer was on
fire. Captain Boggee slowed up the
steamer and a hasty examination was
made and the cause was discovered.
Many of the men put on life preserv
ers and the women began to scream,
but by the prompt action of the of
ficers quietness was restored and the
trip resumed. The oil by flowing into
the furnace formed a gas, which
caused the explosion. Little damage
was done to the* steamer.
Overflow of Fluid in Boilers
of Steamer Cazadero Gives the
Passengers a Severe Shock
SACRAMENTO WANTS j
ASBESTOS CURTAINS
Conference of Grand Jury and City
Council Will Discuss Matter of
Safety In Theaters.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 4. — A confer
ence will be held to-morrow morning
•which may result in an order to the
four local theaters to provide asbestos
curtains -for the protection of the au
ditoriums from flre. The conference
will be attended by Colonel H. Wein
stock, foreman of the present Grand
Jury; the members of the Judiciary
Committee of the Board of Trustees
and the stage hands at the various
places of amusement. It is believed
that the Clunie Theater, the largest of
the four playhouses, is far better pro
vided with exits than the others, but
it is thought that the conference will
result in an order requiring asbestos
rurtains to be placed in all the
theaters.
Repairing Berlin Theater.
BERLIN, Jan. 4. — The Royal Opera -
House will remain closed, by order of
Emperor William, until certain altera
tions. . necessary for protection from
tire and other dangers, are completed.
TO INSURE SAFE THEATERS.
Supervisors Adopt Resolutions I>e
~i?ned to Minimize Danger in
Event oi Fire.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted three resolutions with a view
to insuring the safety of theaters in
case of fire. The first resolution, in
troduced by Supervisor Brandenstein,
is as follows:
Resolved. That the Board of Public Works
and at Fire Wardens be requested to make a
report to Ih? bean* oT the condition and man
agement of all theaters and places of public
amaseoient with respect to their safety against
dars^r from flre and panic.
It Is further resolved that the attention of
the Police Department be called to ths I fact
that the aisles. of said theaers and places of
amuseroen roust. tnd*r the law, be at all times
free and nnebstructed.
Another resolution, also adopted un
der suspension of the rules, follows:
Tbe Boards of Public Works and Flre. War
dens shall make regular semi-anncal reports
In writing to the Hoard of Supervisors of the
eosdltion and manafement of alt theaters and
OIL EXPLOSION
CAUSES PANIC
close it, but I should like to see a little
fair play about the matter. There are
a number of the smaller theaters here,
built in store rooms or such places, wltK
absolutely no flre protection and
usually only one small exit. These
places are veritable fire traps and have
little pretense of fire protection."
places of public amusement with respect to
their safety against danger from flre or panic.
, A third resolution. Introduced by
Comte, was adopted and "requests the
Board of Public Works and the Chief
of the Fire Department and the Chief
of Police to inform the Board of Su
pervisors as to whether any additional
legislation is needed In order to insure
safety in our local theaters and public
halls In case of flre."
No comment was made upon the
resolutions, which were adopted with
out any objection.
rie. Carey Is a well-known batcher
and a member of the firm, of Carey
Bros.
remain closed until the committee has
finally reported.
Referred to this special committee
the following proposed ordinances:
Directing one fireman and one police
man to be placed upon the stage, and
one fireman and one policeman upon
every floor of the audience portion of
every theater, the management of the
theater to pay $2 for each man at every
performance.
Providing separate exits from every
balcony to the ground.
Providing for the erection above the
stage of two standpipes.
Ordering an Investigation into the
matter of requiring adult guards and
guides at all exits in all theaters and
halls.
Ordering all places of public amuse
ment with 1 a seating capacity of 500 or
more to provide automatic apparatus
to open and close all doors to exits, the
system to operate in conjunction with
levers, every one of which shall open
all doors simultaneously and at the
same time operate electric lights in all
passageways.
Ordering that the names of the actual
proprietor and actual manager of any
place of amusement shall be plainly in
dicated by signs.
Directing that every theater shall be
provided with a steel fireproof curtain,
which shall be operated not more than
five minutes before the commencement
of the performance and lowered at least
once during every performance.
Providing that all employes and at
taches of theaters be given a fire drill
and be subject to Inspection and drill
by the fire marshal of the city.
Alderman Dunn Introduced a resolu
tion declaring it to be the sense of the
Council that the acceptance of passes
from railroads or places of amusement
be discontinued.
Alderman Hunter rose to inquire:
"Does that include the transportation
we now have in our pockets?"
"It does," Alderman Dunn replied.
"Every street railway or railway pass
we have is a small bribe."
Alderman Dunn asked for a suspen
sion of the rules to pass his resolution,
but this request was denied by an over
whelming vote.
MANY ARE RENDERED IDLE.
The closing of the Chicago theaters
by the order of Mayor Harrison has
caused paralysis of business In many
directions. Three thousand actors,
stage hands and people who depend di
rectly on the theaters for a living are
idle, with no hope cf employment for
probably a fortnight. Restaurants that
cater to the theatrical audiences have
laid off many employes. The hotels are
complaining and traffic on the street
railways has fallen off at night. It Is
estimated that 15,000 persons will suffer
from the Mayor's closing order. The
loss in receipts at the thirty-five thea
ters will total $18,000 per day.
Victims of the Iroquois fire still
living but not expected to survive are
Mrs. P. T. Kimball, Mrs. Rose Staf
ford and Frederick Patterson, at St.
Luke's Hospital; Mrs. L. C. Nelms
and C. C. Berry, at the Samaritan
Hospital, and Mrs. Emily Vaningen,
at the Presbyterian Hospital. Of
those reported missing last week a
number have been accounted for.
Among them are Miss Anna Ro
maine and James Frayer of Peoria,
111.
MISS STILLMAN'S DEATH.
One of the incidents of the fire was
the death of Miss Cora Stillman.
daughter of Professor Stillman of the
Leland Stanford University, who, with
her twin sister. Minna, had been vis
iting her aunt. Mrs. Edward Mulli
gan.
The three were seated in the first
balcony in the Inxjuois, and in the
panic became separated. Minna
Stlllman escaped. Mrs. Mulligan
reached the flre escape and. looking
back, did not see Miss Cora. She
fought her way back to the
balcony through the struggling
mass and encountered the wave
of fire, which burned . her se
verely on the face, neck and arms.
In some /nanner she found her way
to the fire escape the second time and
reached the alley, but her niece was
killed. Professor Stillman arrived at
Chicago to-day and will leave this
evening for* Palo Alto with the body
of. his daughter.
Solely from witnessing the hor-.
rors in the Iroquois Theater Miss Etta
Wild, 22 years of age, a public school
teacher, is dead. Miss Wild was
burned slightly in the fire. She made
her way unassisted from the fifth
row of the dress circle. She went to
her home in Calumet avenue and was
attended by the family physician, who
said she would recover — that her phy
sical Injuries were trifling. Instead
of recovering 1 she died of fright.
after the theater was entirely filled.
The day's receipts amounted to some
thing over $1700."
CAN SUPPLY NO DETAILS.
No information was gained from the
examination of seven ""men of the
double octet which was on the stage
when the fire broke out.
"We kept on singing and dancing
and did not even know that there was
a fire until sparks fell upon the stage
and two of the girls of the double
octet fainted," said William Sleek, the
first witness called. "It is the rule of
the stage that we are fined if we turn
our faces for an instant from the au
dience. All I know is that we stuck
to our work until we. had to run for
our lives."
Sleck's story was corroborated by
the six men who followed him.
The police to-day arrested George
M. Dusenberry. chief usher of the
theater, on a charge of manslaughter.
Dusenberry declares that he tried to
hold back the rush of spectators and
later helped to save thirty women
from the jammed front exits. He is
held to give evidence on the state
ments made by many persons in the
theater, that the ushers closed the
doors and that they at first refused to
allow any one to pass out,
Benjamin Solomon, a boy who rent
ed opera glasses in the upper balcony,
declared to-day that all the ushers and
attaches closed the doors and shouted
to the spectators to remain seated,' as
there was no danger. Coroner Trea
ger Is looking for the chief scrub
woman of the theater, who, it is said,
carried with her all the keys to the
doors and of the two balconies. She
will be placed under arrest as soon as
she can be found.
In addition to the managers of the
fheater, Will J. Davis and Harry J.
Powers, every one of the employes of
the theater has been summoned before
the inquest on Thursday morning, and
many members of the "Bluebeard"
company, who were not permitted to
depart for New York yesterday, will
also be called upon to testify.
RUINED BY HIS CHARITY.
John R. Thompson, the proprietor of
the restaurant which adjoins the Iro
quois Theater on the East, iias lost the
greater portion of his. business since
the fire. On the day of the disaster
Thompson threw oj>en his restaurant
for the dead and injured as they were
carried out of the theater. He sum
moned nurses and doctors, procured
medical supplies and did everything
that it was possible for a man to do
in alleviating the horror of the catas
trophe. His valuable and disinterested
services were widely advertised in the
papers, with the result cf driving prac
tically all his patrons away. He has
caused all of the tables to be removed
acd destroyed and has taken away all
portable furnishings that could remind
customers of the fire, but the fact re
mains that patron3 stay away from
his restaurant, and he is paying a
heavy price for the services he ren
dered to the public last Wednesday aft
ernoon.
An enormous crowd attended the
opening of the City Council meeting
to-night, it being expected that a great
number of ordinances relative to the
Irtxjuois Theater fire would be acted
upon. Their expectations were amply
fulfilled, and the Council did little other
business than to listen to the reading
of proposed laws calculated to insure
greater safety in places of public as
sembly.
ACTION BY THE COUNCIL.
The Council took action as follows:
Indorsed the action of Mayor Harri
son in closing all the theaters and
adopted his recommendation for the
appointment of a committee to inves
tigate a!l local theaters, which are to
CHICAGO. Jan. 4.— After to-night it
will, for some weeks at least. "_e prac
tically impossible to hold a public
meeting of any kind in Chicago outside
of churches. Building Commissioner
"Williams to-night issued an order clos
ing all public halls, dance halls and
turner halls and all similar places of
pubic assemblage until inspection has
e?.owb that they are complying with all
provisions of the building ordinance-
As there are more than 5000 halls in
Chicago, ranging in size from those
that will accommodate fifty persons
up to those with a seating capacity of
500. this order will affect probably as
rr.any persons as the theater closing or
der. Protests were numerous, but the
Building Commissioner was inflexible.
Ke said:
"Many of the?* halls are worse than
any theater in Chicago; some of them
ere put up with no restrictions such as
govern theaters, and many of them are
firetraps of the worst kind."
Two years ago a general inspection
cf halls was made, before the com
mencement of Building Commissioner
"Williams' administration. Notwith
standing this, the commissioner de
clares, he will take no chances and
every hall must satisfy the require
ments. The sole exemption Is In favor
cf private lodge halls, which are not
included in the scope of the order.
MANAGERS PLEAD IX VAIN.
¦Williams was notified to-night of the
election of Joseph Downey, a. prominent
contractor and trustee of the Board
of Education and ex-Building Commis
sioner, as chairman of the joint corn
ir.ittee selected, at Mayor Harrison's
request, by the various architects and
builders' associations to inspect all of
the downtown theaters.
Mayor Harrison and several Alder
xnen who have been appointed members
cf the City Council Committee to con
trol legislation fn regard to theaters,
met this afternoon with the theater
r-.anasers, every playhouse in Chicago
exceptir.p the Great Northern being
represented. The managers asked if
they could net open their houses and
sell s*a.ts upon the lower floor only, but
the Mayor and Aldermen positively de
cided against it. It was declared that
mO place* must remain closed until the
ordinance requirements have been fully
met. The managers, on departing from
the Mayer's office, reiterated their pur
pose of obeying the directions of the
Mayor and City Council, but urged
haste in drawing up the new ordi
nances, as the closing' °f the houses
necessitates great financial loss.
EVIDENCE IS DESTROYED
This afternoon attorneys for the fire
depiirtroent obtained (rom five wit
nesses corroboration of the charges that
a wrecking: crew of the George A.
Fuller Company employes had de
strcyed the stage skylights on the day
after the disaster. Fire Inspector Ful
kerson said to-day: -
"It was the intention that these sky
lig-hts should open automatically to al
low the escape of heat and smoke and
create a draught which would draw up
tvard instead of passing out over the
audience. But from the information I
have I am positive that the opening of
the skylig-hts was impossible, because
beneath each section of the lights had
been placed pieces of scantling, which
remained there until removed by the
employes of the Fuller Construction
Company en Thursday afternoon."
It has N?«n stated hy Powers and Da
vis, the managers of the theater, that
the hou?e was not filled on "Wednesday
afternoon ajr the time of the fire. This
assertion was flatly contradicted this
afternoon by Managrer Edward H
Price cf the "Bluebeard" company.
I should say." Price said, "that be
tween 90 and 100 tickets -were sold
Every Meeting Place in the City, Churches and Lodge Rooms Ex
cepted, Must Observe the Regulations Providing for Protec
tion Against Fire Before They Will Be Permitted to Reopen
CHICAGO'S THOUSANDS OF PUBLIC
HALLS CLOSED BY ORDER OF MAYOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1904.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4. — W. S. Jackson was to
day elected president of the Board of Trade.
Jackson has been a srominent member of the
board for many years.
San Jose's New Councilman.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 4. — John F. Carey
was to-day appointed Councilman from
the Second Ward to fill. the vacancy
caused by the death of Joseph J. Cher-
Your Own Good Taste
Is what- makes your room pleasant to
live in. "We have an immense collection
of beautiful pictures, framed in the lat
est styles. Parties furnishing new*
houses can find here thousands of artis
tic pictures to choose from and at the
most reasonable prices. Sanborn. Vail
& Co^ 741 Market st. •
9
PATTOSIEN'S. > I PATTOSIEN'S. j PATTOSIEN'S. - j PATTOSIEN'S.
- '¦¦ " " ¦ - ; - v ¦ " m •>
If Our Wagons Stop in front ,of your door your neighbors know you pay Cash for your Furniture.
HERE GOES FOR OUR GREAT ODDS AND ENDS SALE
Certainly no intending purchaser of house furnishings should buy a single dollar's worth of goods before having visited
the LARGEST AND" GRANDEST FURNITURE STORE- ON THE COAST, whieh has a floor space of over 3^2 acres. Its broad
aisles and stairs, the flood of daylight and its unequaled facilities for doing business at the least possible expense make it
San Francisco's best trading place. ?
We were the originators of low prices in the Furniture trade: the first store to mark good3 in plain figures, to ex-
change goods freely or N to refund money promptly, and the pioneers of special bargain sales.
Backed by a determination to sell BETTER GOODS FOR ] THE MONEY OR THE SAME GOODS FOR LES^
3I0NEY than others, this store stands to-day a monument to honest dealing, pluck and energy-the marvel of the mercantile
il/iPf c^ |ALk oALiD warper ana ku^
If French Lace Curtains ¦¦ • j&s!^ _
W •™^««« tag roywjeKxwmgs
*fH You can secure at very low prices beautiful EfflgiWtj-jH Conit to onr store and get posted on Carpet and
SfjS ' Lace Curtains, Portieres 'and Conch Covers-we gM&M| "<». V *5?£jEdffi'&*
i Lr, have here a display unequaled in the city — and a E||j:fc;o»^;o^fc|sl| German Axminster Rugs. Exact copies of famous
4 fri small outlay will do wonders in our drapery de- Oriental Rugs at 1-10 the price. Size 9 Ci p HC
partment.- i-pair, 2-pair and 3-pair lots. fgggBSBatuaaBtm feet by is feet *pi£«f J
£3tefl 1 inr niiDTiiiio DnoncDCO Axminster Carpet, $1.10. "Alex. Smith & Sons' extra Axminster -car-
**'* r LAbt bUnlAIno rUnlltnto — =: pets, with and without border. These arepat-
Bmssels. Irish Points. Renaissance. Rich Jute Velour. single and double terns to bc discontinued. Regular $1.40 value.
Arabian Grenadines, Madras, etc.- face, fine Silk Portieres, with borders v^i,-.* r 1^^,-*. ~~~ c~-»t. 9 r»- - t ? i* 1 *;'*• . _»»t j .,,
S2.00 values at, a pair. . .$1.OO and njured effects, in beautiful color Velvet Carpet, QOC Smith & D»mick 5 Velvet Carpets, with and without
$3.50 values at, a pair... 92.0O effects. 'borders. For hall and stairs.
$5.00 values at, a pair. . .£3.25 \ $7.50 values at, a pair.. 94.00 .Smith & Sanford's Tapestry Brussels Carpet No. I— OOe, worth $l.ia
lio^values^Vpair: %«Tt %\°£<> vatel at, a JSl I ftoo S » ith * ! °<«* B ™»"» No 3-75C, WO rth **
l;^vatL-ata P P at*fS |SS vatl at a p P at*f John .Bromley & Sons' Rmgpur Smyrna Rugs
$20.00 values at, a pair. 913.50 $30.00 values at, a pair.92O.OO Size. 6x9, 96.00 Size 7:6x10:6, 914.0O Size 9x12, 921.OO
ODDS AND BINDS OF COUCHES. W,^l rt «, T?™1 A : ' t>
PattOSlen'S Pantasote Conch w «*• w«™ C|Q n R Bigelow Royal Axminater Rugs -
Oak or mahogany frames. . .^."ff . ££ WOUd OtfeSr COSCbCS *™ 18x36, 9L5O Size 6x 9 , 91T.OO Size gxi2. 935.00, worth ?I S
t R«Kui*r Oddi »nd £ize 36x72, 94.50 Sizc 27x63, $3.50 size 4:6x7:6, 96.00
/^^^^^^^^g^ e NJ a^gg^TOESgS^ $3^.50.-9-2.00 John Bromley & Sons' Wool Smyrna Rugs
t^^^^^^^^^^^^^w Size 30x6o> spccia1 ' J?2 * 23 Sizc 36x72 - s?eciaI ' *^°
$1^00 926.00 Tapestry Brussels Rugs, No Mitered Corners
f^^^^^^^^^^^^M *£*'. 'f 13.25 Size 9x9, 911.25. Size 9x12, 914.25.
$75.00. .95O.OO Wilton Velvet Rugs, 9x12, rich Oriental effects .-<lf>.05
J*v t m\ Six fc<?t Ionff^ 30 inches* wide High wM -*. 0*1 a ¦"*i*k «_ • t~> * * «t^ * • «_ ¦ r-* • _» « * * •*
Krad» «teei aprinss. $x".5O. .J?ll>.oO Cashmir Rugs, 9xi2, copies of Turkish and Persian. $11.43
ODD DRESSERS REDUCED ODD DININQ TABLES
We have 85 ODD DRESSERS on our floor and about 50 .
mere odd ones in our warehouse — in order to move them quickly — 1 t»j^ SIDEBOARDS
we have cut the prices one-third and in some instances one-half. tflfiy fe $^* Si H^V 2— $40 Patterns ,<2*:.O<>
tfMH RaHrnnm FnrnitnrA w)|' If ? &?* Jf— =^5^1 1—550 Sideboard ".'.'.'.I 33.75
1135.00 Mahcirany Dr-sser. mirror M in. ' 4? ~~ J *^r«f^^^sP^^ 3 — $-25 Styles 1S.50
Ionjf, Z'2xl2 French b«vel mirror, full swell ~ " njlmTt^"^^ , <¦ ~ "Vr r * 1 " fu\
front, carved columns and feet, ?!as3 kr.ob*— ' 1$T*fS$L^ " —^- a0 ° - Vla '< e- ' xa.W
Ea.l« price f!»."».00 . J***flWHL ¦RTTT7T7 - n"T l C
$100.00 Mahcpany Hlch Post Bed. hand jgS MBR ilSS. DUTftlO.
carved posta and feet— 3a!» pr!C<? *«5.O'» ZB3 rKllS^V 2 — SlS Patterns S1S.."O
*45.0O Birdseye Mapl» I>r^s*«r, *2 in. lon<. /iJ?9 !«Jid\tS^S*V. -, « .r, -p..^^.- •>< - n
24x40 Fr»r.ch b-vel mirror, low top and full /jgg ffil^K^W — i " tO KlJ " e^ - Nl>O
serpentine drawers— Sale price *2T.r.O J* J^\ Fffirlff^^Wk I — Soj Weather Ozk . . 4V.OO
$19.00 Golden Oak Drtwser. 42 tn. long, 22x2$ \*fs 1 Eftf ISL >.^k. T Sim Hranrf Ri'*ret 10.1 OO
French bere! mlrror-8»le price $14.75 l^fi «T X^^ V 3 ~ • i5uaet - • "«*XX
VJO.OO Mahcijaay Dressing Tatl*. Z*i In. Iov.k. W&a hstrftb^xx X^^^ -2— $I0O Deilgr.S So.OO
2CbtC2 French bevel mirror, serpentine front and E3Tj£=~S£a /-'tjttxt* nr AcrTr<
.Frer.ch lees, 2 drawer^— Sale pric* fi:t.5O "* efiUfESSBfi* L.rili\A V,L.Vjbt. 1 b.
$33.00 Mahogany Colonial Dressing Table. I M " t %1Z Swell Front S^It OO
42 la. lonr. 22x32 oval French bevel mirror— LA 3 * 3;> r .,ir- V."'. r"-\
- ,. , Sal, price 922.5O *Br i — $75 Fell Mirror Back oo.oO
/r % 1 ff ¦"» A, SSO.CO Mahocany Bra*s Inlaid Dresser. 4S In. • U , — glOO Serpentine Glass 75.OO
W w- i-^ 1<j ok. 30xo8 oval French bevel xairror. full flCnrCTII PV-TrilCIiilT Tlliir „ e.- r -r o« Art
RT —^TH — M if swell front-sale price fss.oo rrllhSIAL rXIrNSIIllN I A Ki V 2— $35 Canopy Top. .. 2^.00
I t^ Wt % I75.0O MahocanyBra,, Inlaid Chiffonier. 3S I **ULJ ltUj. LAlLUJlVn 1.4 DLL I _$ 37 .; O Round Sides. 24.30
I j W jj 0^.^^.?. 1^:.^!^ Extension Table. 4 feet in diameter, gold- 2-^2.50 now go at.. 16.3O
" T " u. qi «43.oo Mahogany Braa» inlaid Dressing Ta- en or weathered oak, sells downfl 1^/. 1C PYTPM^THM TAPTT7C
k if ** S l\ ble, 3S tn. lonu. 22x20 oral French mirror. town fnr <;-<?nn Sn^riaf • J|Z4. iJ r<Al£,rtJ)lUlN i. J\ttl*H.2i
It* S. *m\j' fuii s w e ii front-saie Price ..»33.oo town tor $ o a.oo— Special . 4>*-*x. • 2 — $20.oo Round Tables? 12.SO
r |£ r* t2. 1 590.00 Mahosrany Dresser, colonial design. i . T ?,--„ <srr?Tirf> nrtvu 1O Ebt
\? *** Js* 30x32 French Iwvel mirror-Sale price.. f<M).OO I— 52/oO square, now
/F^Tp "v^-— 'f\\ IW.C0 Mahogany Chiffonier, colonial design. YOU will be TCDaid for VOUT time and 2 ~ "-3-°O Round, at. ... l.».0O
n lV 1Cx2 ° French bevel mirror-Sale pr!ce..f. < K.(Mt i«u ww uc J^amiui yuui uiucdiiu . Sauare now 30 OO
1 i I ti/ $Ua 00 Natural Mahogany Chiffonier 20x32 trouble if VOU See OUT line of Odd Din- , O C "I"" -^
Ui •!/ French bevel mirror,- hand carted— Sale . _, ,. J . ., . •** 3 — 512 Round, only... «.ol)
l! Pr!nr^«Q O prlce A » rtS -«x> ing Tables at one-half pnee. 2— $15 Square, at O.00
>4 r^nnC^^SS W $60.00 Mahogany Pressing- Tabl*. colonial J
P)r^ccAr> design, 48 tn. lens. 30x40 French bevel mirror — _^__ __^__ i __^ ''"'*" " '*'"
UreSSer Sale price i f43.00 U A f II f B S^\ /^ ¥ ¥^^ "5\ I 5
Highly polished, finest brass i ¦ i LJ A H | ff \ H L^ f\ I W.
handles and real French THAT MONEY SA\1XG BOOK f f-\ i I W Jj 1 L^ 1^1 Q
plate mirror— regular down- _ , .„ . *• M » * * A •*&¦*• m.
town price $25 C 1 1 CA 25 ° page Catalogue will be *•
—Special Jl/.DU I sent FREE to country customers, j COH 16th and MlSSiOn Streets.
COTTOLENE.
An Exhibit
Of oar laundry work Is a matter e*
delight to those who love llcen laun-
dered welL There's many a traveling
exhibit of our turning out traveling
about the streets of this city. It win
be to your gain to join otxr best adver-
tisers — pleased patrons.
No saw edffes.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
omcre 1004 mahtbt stxest.
Near PowelL
Plicae So-aii 42O.
SOHEMIAm
V £"225
* * SOLD CV£KTWBERS. |
HILSEIP.T MERCANTILE CO.. H
Pacific Cnsst Ageau. JA
\h "80115
ivV ¦ ¦ ' '^^5T^^^3^^^ « ill/ J 11 "*"* 11^ 1 "^^
i • X ¦* »** Oft fj X • B9
t How he mast be Petted and indulged. g|y
[ Hot he. Ho has a Scientific Mother who Studies Hygienic I
K Twaddle and every Sixty-nine Minutes he Receives one and I
[¦ 2 tbree-qtuLrter ounces of & Patent Food. Bi
l.'j No. His Mother wishes to get his Portrait in the Advertis- fir
is iag Annex of the Magazines. i^J
j j Bat he now seems to be Eating a Biscuit or Two. pf
1 Tes. His Mother is Oat, and his Norse is Reading a novel.
11 So he has sneaked to the Pantry and is Helping himself . M
1 Will not the Biscuit make him 111? fe|
;! Oh, no. They are made of Cottolene instead of Lard, and ll
j they could not possibly Hurt even a Patent-Food Baby. S
t She will say: "Cottolene will Happen in the Best-Regulated H
| J Cottolea* will bc t onnA at good groctx: Sold onSj in sealed p*il». ZO-page Cott£ I
I iene Prisaar, ISsstratctf in color*, from which «boTt i» oae p*-t*> scat tx*m oa request. I
||1 Hade only by TEE If . K. FAZSBAVC COMPACT, Dept. 2 6o CHICAGO.* JH-•'KITTANINO. P«.. Jan. 4.— Grave fears ex
ist that . Klttanln* may have an ; epidemic - of
typhoid r fever. '- The • disease ts spreading ¦ rapt
•dly. £o far the death rate has been small. (
• NAPA, Jan. 4. — The remains of
Captain Christiansen of the schooner
G. W. McNear, who was drowned De
cember, ,15 in the Napa River, were
fuund^ Saturday evening by JohnRad
fleld, a hunter. Coroner Kyser took»
charge of the body and ; a jury has
rendered a verdict of ace dental drown
ing. Christiansen went on deck to
see that a passing vessel did not in
jure his schooner, but lost his balance
and fell overboard, v He was a native
of Denmark; \ aged 2 7, years. To-day
the remains were snipped to San
Francisco; for interment, as it is there
that>Christiansen*s relatives live.
Captain Christiansen's Body Found.
United i States Local Inspectors
Bolles and Bulcer began an investiga
tion yesterday into the sinking of the
schooner Mary Biihne on December
18, near Humboldt Bar, after being
run into by the steamer Del .Xorte.
A. Falk, a member of the crew of the
steamer, was drowned while one of
the lifeboats was being lowered.
Captain Frederick Nordberg, master
of the Del Xorte, testified that he was
in charge of the watch at the time of
the wreck and had an extra man on
the lookout, as the night was dark
and no stars visible. He said further
that the port light' of the schooner
was not burning brightly and that. In
fact,, the . light .was not visible until
the ship could be seen. .
M. Danhevig.^ master of the Buhne,
swore on the other hand that the
schooner's lights were burning and
properly placed. In addition he dis
played a flare light when he observed
the lights of the steamer ct midnight,
forty -minutes' before the collision oc
curred. The night,"- though dark, was
clear and he saw the steamer eight
miles ahead. He asserted that the
collision was due *o the negligence of
the master and crew of the Del'Norte.
Captain Dannevig "of the. Schooner
Swears That the Steamer's Of
¦ fleers Were .' Negligent.
DEL XOKTE-BUIIXE CASE "
UNDER INVESTIGATION*
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs,
handicap — Fpotllght's Favorite won,
Katie Powers second, King Croker
Ihird. Time, 1:23. \
Fifth race, five furlongs— Big Ben
won, Scorpio" second, Komombo third.
Time. 1:011-5.
Sixth race, one and -a sixteenth miles
— The Messenger won, Lampoon second,
Ora McKInney third. Time, 1:5^1-5..
Crescent. City Purse Earners.
NEW. ORLEANS, , Jan. 4.— Crescent
City summary:
First race, seven furlongs — Reckoner
won, Bounding second, Royal Pirate
third. Time, 1:20.. j
Second race, selling, one mile — Pom
pino won, Balm of Gilead second, Hist
third. Time. 1:44 4-5.
Third race, six furlongs— Dusky won,
Ostrich second, Preakness third. Time,
1:15 2-5. . ¦ ; :^:i:.:--'^'::
First race— The Miller, Emily Oliver,
Coroner Kelly. .
Second race — Quaker Girl, Ananias,
Solly trarden.
Third race— El Fonse, Xnnsrarian,
Ma-cOylc. ; . -
Fourth raco — Xenllwortli, Martinmas,
Bnrnle Benton. :
Fifth raco— Bey Bare, Instrument,
niilouon. ;\
Sixth race — Stnyve, Namtor, Joe £•¦•
»er. **¦*¦;£;
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— The fol
lowing postofficea were established to
day: California— Laughlin. Mendociao
County; Emma F. Brydon postmaster.
Washington — Minkler. Skaglt Coun
ty; John E. Minkler .postmaster.
The following .postmasters were
commissioned — Grant Hainllne, Knob,
Or.; Tempa M. Hardie. Trail Fork.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. 4.— Harry
Forbes and Abe Attell sparred \ ten
rounds to a draw here to-night. .
The men-fought fiercely in the last,
five rounds, but the seven-ounce gloves
used prevented much damage. Forbes
was the aggressor in the first few
rounds, and after the sixth added
strength and punching power to his
skill at defense. He made such a vigor
ous showing against Attell in the tenth
round \ that many thought Forbes
should have had the decision. .
F*ourth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; handicap: . • . •
6609 Martinmas (Henshall) ............. ..10S
(6609)Ker.invorth (Stover) ........126
22S6 Burn'.e Uuntcn (Newman) 109
Third race — Four-year-olds and up; one mile
and fifty yards: setllng: ., J:°"
.6598 •Tirara (Magrane & Co.) ;...10<
542» Milas (Farrar) :....." ........'.. 112
5498 Grand Sachem ¦ (Moran) 104
SCO* Idogo (Uafour) 114
554« Hungarian (Dunn & Porter) ....' 104
5606 Donator (Mulholland) .V. ...;... .109
6(510 El Fonse (Fink) .......104
6611 Expedient (Smith)' ....'.......'. .........114
6432 Katie Walcott (Kaufman) ....... ...107
5608 'Plan (Strobel) 109
5426 Hlppor.ax (Lane) .' ...109
""5563 'MacGyle (Boots & Hollenbeckj ......104
Second race — Three-year-olds; Futurity
course: selllnc: ' ' ¦ ' '
6607 'Ananias (Schorr) .............. ? 105
4494 •George Koester (Schreiber) ..10o
6550 Dolly Varden (Xealon) ......100
f.5S3 'Young Pepper (ORourke) 9.
4641 Quaker Girl (Rogers) :..105
5452 Llbble Candid (Applcton) .-.....;. .100
(5559)»Water«pout (Smith) ..102
Tommy Burns and Kunz each piloted
two winners. -
Pinkerton, which won the two-year
old race at Los Angeles yesterday in
the Schreiber colors, is a son of Sain.
Los Angeles, from all accounts, is a
bit shy on racing material, there being
only about 350 horses stabled at" the
new track.
A two-year-old half-sister to Diderot,
owned by the colored trainer "Mid
night," jumped the track fence yester
day, breaking a shoulder. She was
later destroyed.
On Wednesday Jockey Hildebrand
will undergo an operation for deafness,
winner of the last race, was
bid up fronT$500 to $1000 by J. Weber,
trainer of Position. Walter Jennings
bid the usual $5 to retain.
The stakes of the 'New Louisville
Jockey Club close on January 16. The
Kentucky Derby, Kentucky Oaks,
Clark handicap. Nursery stakes and
Bluegrass stakes are among ¦fhe rich
prizes Manager Price, off era horsemen
as an Inducement to race at Louisville.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Three-year-olds and up; «even
furlonzs; selling: " >t r : /-*:,!.*
5421 Minimum (Jonei) . •••••.°*
5610 Jean Gravinr (McDowell) 10«
4782 Paddy B (Raisin City stable) Ill
5534 I*abelllta (McNamara) 1W
6659 •Ethel Abbott (Miller) 84
4721 Jim Roberts (Smith) ....'. •••••'li
5432 Cherries (Tate & Co.) ............. ...107
5595 Coroner Kelly (Bender ic Co.) 94
65S2 Emily Oliver (Clark) . . . .' 107
5446 The Miller (McNeil) ..109
•Dentelle d'Or (Hamilton stable) 89
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Ten Round Contest Almost
Brings Defeat to the Lit
tle Figrhter From California
ATTELL DRAWS
WITH FORBES
Opposes Farnham's " Accounts.
Fred M. Boehm, administrator of
the estate of Daniel Boehm, filed an
opposition yesterday to the account of
Public Administrator Farnham as
special administrator of the Boehm
estate. He claims that . Farnham Is
only entitled to fees allowed by law.
Clcu Gains a Point.
Judge Hunt yesterday overruled the
Police Commissioners' demurrer to
former Police Officer Paul Cleu's pe
tition for a writ of review of their ac
tion in dismissing him from the force.
He allowed the Commissioners ten
days in which to answer.
PROBABLE WINNERS.
539S The Don (Bell) 102
G3»>2 Arcade (Jennings & Co.) 108
5495 Muresca (Miller) 95
Fifth race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling;:
5479 Achilles (McCabe & Co.) 117
f>528 •KIckumbob (Walz) 109
f>623 Miss Ringlets (tVrguson) S9
(BClO)Oro Viva (Ward & King) 114
5435 Ulloa (Owen & Co.) 107
(5U(Mi)*IUilouon (Randall > 109
G439 Inctrument (McAllister & Co.) 04
5509 Prince Blazes (Shannon) 114
6494 'Alice 'Carey (Bell) 104
5527 *Rey Dare (N'ealon) 109
539S »L.urene (Pritchard) 107
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles; three
j-par-oldu and uoward; selllnsr:
"55U1 "Prestolus (Devln & Co.) 9t>
(35(L'l)*Stuyve (Lanterman) 107
RKM Namtor (Reagan) 113
65S3 *Play Ball (Daly) 85
05(51 Mce Liesser (Beams) >105
•Apprentice allowance^
A well-known citizen voiced the
prevailing sentiment in that locality
last night when he declared that the
tolerance of the scenes that are night
ly enacted on the cars running out to
the Presidio is an outrage on decency.
Respectable women who are forced to
patronize the cars after 9 o'clock at
night are insulted, with impunity by
drunken and insolent soldiers, who re
spect neither age nor sex. Conductors
and gripmen are powerless and police
men are never to be found.
Mrs. _Carney was severely but for
tunately not fatally cut. Her assailant
is a member of Company L, Ninth
Cavalry. He is still at large, although
Major Bigelow Jr. and the police are
making every effort to apprehend him.
The attack on Mrs. John M. Carney
near the, Presidio Sunday night, when
she was slashed With a. /razor by *
negro soldier, has aroused the resi
dents of that section of the city. More
adequate police protection is demand
ed, as the few patrolmen on duty in
that neighborhood are declared to be
wholly inadequate to afford protection.
* vailing Conditions.
dier the Natural Result of Pre-
Attack on Mrs. Carney by Negro Sol-
MORE POLICEMEN' NEEDED
OUT NEAR THE PRESIDIO
rietcber. promoted.
George J?. Dlmpfel. clerk, promoted to posi
tion of cWrk at $1000 per annum, vice J. P.
Fcley. promoted.
O. K. A. Schmidt, clerk, promoted to posi
tion of clerk at $00O per annum, vice Georss
PJ Ditnpfel, promoted.
George a. Marshall, messenger, promoted to
clerkship at $S40 per annum, vice O. E. A.
Schmidt, promoted.
W. H. Sells (old veteran), appointed to posi
tion of messenrcr at $840 per annum, vice
Marshall, trarst'erred.
Henry TV. Root (veteran), messenger to col.
lector, promoted to position of sampler at J1200
per annum, vice M. R. Nicholson, promoted
J. B. Sawyer. Inspector, appointed to posi
tion of messenger to collector at salary of $340
per annum, vice Henry W. Root, promoted.
Arthur S. Young, clerk, appointed to position
of saucer, new office, with compensation at th«
rate of $900 per annum. iThe salary ot thi»
office will undoubtedly be increased la, th*
near future.)
A. K. Sh«ats, Inspector, appointed to posi
tion of clerk at the rate of $1000 Ber annum,
vie- Arthur S. Toun?. transferred.
- Henry C. Curtis, inspector, appointed to poal.
tion of opener and packer, at $340 per annum
vice J. J. Farrell, deceased. '
Joseph B. Twlgg. apoolnted to position et
elevator conductor at salary of $720 per annum,
vice M. A. Laviosa, temporary.
Ben D. McGowan < Grand Army veteran) ap
pointed watchman Custom-house bulldln* ae
$720 per annum.
Rudolph Mueller (Grand Army veteran) ao
polnted watchman appraiser's store at $600 Der
annum. .¦-.-¦ •.».-„...¦ *^
D. J. O'Leary. clerk, appointed 'examiner of
merchandise, new office, at salary of I160O per
annum.
M. R. Nicholson, simpler, appointed exam
iner of merchandise, new office, with compea*
cation of S150O per annum.
Theo K. Roraaine. examiner of merchandisa
at $15CO per annum, promoted to examiner o{
merchandise at S1HC9 per annum.
G. R. Clcugh. clerli, promoted to clerkship
at $1CuO per annum, vice D. J. O'Leary, trans*
ferred. «
J. G. Beaty, storekeeper, promoted to clerk
ship at $H(;i> per annum, vice G. K. ClougS,
promoted. I
O. H. Fletcher?- clerk, promoted to position
ef storekeeper at $14C«> per annum, vice J. O.
Beaty, transferred. 1
J. P. Fcley. clerk, promoted to position of
clerkship at Sll'i.O per annum, vice G. H.
Long list of Promotions, Transfers,
etc., Seasonably Made as Gifts for
the New Year.
The following appointments, pro
motions, etc.. were made yesterday by
Customs Collector Stratton:
CUSTOMS APPOINTMENT^
BY COLLECTOR STRATTOX
There is a likelihood that Young Cor
bett and Jimmy Britt will come to
gether in this city the latter part of
next month under the auspices of the
Yosemite Athletic Club. Manager
James W. Coffroth last evening offered
a puree of J1O.O00 if the champion would
battle with Britt before his club. Young
Corbett informed the manager that if
he fought Britt he would rather do so
on a percentage.
Corbett still insists that Britt weigh
in at 129 pounds nt 6 'o'rlook on the
night of thp proposed contest, but Britt
insists on weighing in at 130 pounds.
Manager Coffroth will see Britt this
morning and arrange a meeting be
tween the boxers. This meeting will
probably be held to-night.
Ring-goers of this city are anxieus to
see the pair meet in the ring. As a
drawing card it would surpass any
other bout that could be arranged, pos
sibly with the exception of a heavy
weight battle for the championship.
Coffroth expects to secure the February
date and bring off the battle of these
clever little men..
. Jim Scanlan. the American boxer
who wrested the heavy-weight cham
pionship from the foremost boxers of
Australia, will battle with Joe Millet,
local heavy-weight, who aspires to lau
rels, next Tuesday night before the
Colma Athletic Club. Scanlan is work
ing at Blanken's for the bout and is
getting into fine condition. This will
be his initial contest in this vicinity.
He comes from Pennsylvania, and has
a fine record. Since his departure from
his native State he has taken part in
a score of battles and has always gath
ered in the long end of the purse.
Millet has not fought since he de
feated Al Weinig. Joe has a hard punch
and is an aspressive fighter. He ought
to make it interesting for the Eastern
man.
. As a preliminary battle Monte Attell
and Jimmy Carroll, son of the ex-light
weight champion, are to go six rounds.
Manager Gibbs is making special ar
rangements for the accommodation of
the big crowd*'
WOUNDED FRENCH SAILOR
MAKES DYING STATEMENT
LOS ANGELES, J.an. 4.— The feature
of the card at Ascot to-day was the
two-year-old race — the first of the new
year.- A field of ten likely looking
youngsters faced the "barrier, with
Barney Schreiber's pair, Hersian and
Pinkerton, the favorites at 6 to 5. Dur
nell's pair. Lady Lasca and Peggy
Mine, were second choice at 5 to 1.
Pinkerton and Lady Lasca set a pace
that left the others far in the rear and
finished half a length apart in the or
der named. Peggy Mine got the show.
Favorites were successful in five out of
the six races. The only exception was
Eugenie B. which was beaten after
leading by half a dozen lengths most
of the distance.
The first race went to Heir Appar
ent, Louwelsea second, Ulm third.
The second was the two-year-old
sprint, which Pinkerton stepped in :36.
Golden Mineral took the third race
from Eugenie B, the 3. to a favorite,
Elie third. Chub, a ver" consistent
horse, won the mile and a sixteenth
race from Princess Tulane by a length.
Fustian third. Cloche d'Or was played
very strongly to take the fifth and re
warded her backers with easy victory.
She was backed from 6 to 5 to 4 to 5.
Schwarzwald was second^ James J.
Corbett third.
Geheimness was in a soft spot in
the last race and was played, even at
odds of 2 to 5 and 1 to 3. She won in
a gallop from Mexicana, Egg Nogs
third. Results:
First race, one mile, selling — Heir Apparent.
101 (ftedfern), 3 to 1, won; 1-ouwelsea. 104
(Prior). B to 1, second: TJlm. 101 (Buxton). 10
to 1, third. Time. l:44»i. Maud M. Geisha
Girl. Insolence. l>r. Worth. Urat and Wachu
sett a!so ran.
Second race, three furlongs, two-year-olds,
purse— Pinkerton, 112 (Coburn), C to 6, won:
Lady Lasca, 109 <Redfern). 5 to 1, second;
Peggy Mine, 109 (W. Adams). 5 to 1. third.
Time. 0:36. Pinkerton and Hersian, and Lasca
and Peggy Mine, coupled. Ella Owen. St.
Dixie. Jerome. Hersian. Edunrdo and Buck-
Mer Ilodi also ran.
Third race. Belling. six furlongs — Golden
Mineral. 107 (E. Walsh), 3 ' to 1. won; Eu
genie B, 102 (J. Booker), 3 to 5, second; Elle,
102 (Andertcn). 5 to 1. third. Time. 1:15.
Kosseric. Mabel Claire, Tat Hammon and Ef
fervescence also ran.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth mll»», sell
ing — Ohub. 1(H (J. L<ewis). even, won: Prln
ces-s Tulane. 1C2 <Knapp). 7 to 5, second; F\is
tian. 1(V5 <Adame). 4 to 1, third. Time, 1 :4S.
No other starters.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Cloche d'Ov, 34
<E. Walsh), 4 to 5. won: Schwarzwald. 1M (J.
Booker). 5 to 1. second: James J. Corbett. 104
(Anderson). 20 to 1. third. Time, 1:424. Bas
fcanio. Ohio Girl. Labor and San Lution also
ran.
Sixth race, six furlongs, celling — Geheim
r.oe*. t)2 <E. Walsh). 1 to 3, won: Mexican*.
f»a <J. I^ewls). 15 to 1, second; Efjr Noejr. 102
(Morpef). CO to 1, third. Time, 1:14^. Emir.
Andrattus. Laureatea, Nona B and Chief
Aloha a!so ran.
Captain George Sprengel of the
schooner Neptune, who fired at four
French sailors on the water front near
.Vallejo street on Sunday night, will
in all probability have a charge of
murder booked against him, as Pas
qual Canevit, one of the wounded men,
is said to be in a dying condition.
Canevit was removed from the Har
bor Hospital to the Central Emerg
ency Hospital yesterday. Alfred Le
Rivere, the other wounded man, is
etill at the Harbor Hospital. His
wound is not dangerous. The only
reason Captain Sprengel can give for
the shooting is that one of the four
men knocked off his hat and he
thought they were going to hold him
up.
Canevit made an ante-mortem
statement to Assistant Bond and War
rant Clerk Kennedy at the Harbor
Hospital early yesterday morning. Po
liceman V. X. Bakulich acting as in
terpreter. The statement is as fol
lows:
"My name is Pasqual Canevit. I
know now I am about to die, having
passed all hope of recovery. I was
returning to my ship. I do not know
why — " He was stopped by a fit of
coughing, and resumed: "I was walk
ing along, I do not know the street,
with three others. This is the man
(pointing to Captain George Sprengel)
that attacked me and pulled a revolv
er and shot me twice. I identify this
man as the man who shot me."
Bond Clerk Shepman 111.
W. J. Shepman, bond clerk in the
entry division of the Custom-house, Is
seriously ill at his residence in Ala
xneda with pleuro-pneumonia.
Judge Coffey yesterday appointed
Idaline Rosekrans guardian of Horace
V. R. Logan, the 10-year-old son of
Dt. M. H. Logan. The court held that
the tether was incompetent.
Guardian for die Logan Boy.
GRIEF AT "DRY" ASCOT.
Racing Park May Be Incorporated if
Liquor License Is Withheld.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 4.— The attend
ance at the present race meeting at
the new Ascot Park has been far be
low what the promoters of that enter
prise had hoped for and there is a
doubt as to whether the meeting will
be a financial succeas^One cause which
the managers say has contriatted to
the present conditions is their failure
to induce the Board of Supervisors to
issue a liauor license tc the park, and
throughout the meeting there has been
no bar in operation there. Only soft
drinks have been sold, and if a patron
needed or wanted stronger drinks he
either had to take It there with him
or borrow it from somebody who did
go tllas armed.
It is now proposed to form a sep
arate town of Ascot, to have It regu
larly incorporated, and thus be enabled
to control such. privileges as are usual
ly under the police control of munici
pal corporations. The new track is
Just outside the city boundary and it
is proposed to take a* section of coun
try including the park and apply for
incorporation as a city of the sixth
class. Lucky Baldwin recently adopted
this plan with his big ranch at Arcadia
and now he Is the Mayor and owner of
the town of that name. The proposi
tion will be presented to the .Board of
Supervisors and if a sufficient number
of signatures appear to the petition
the board will have to grant it. The
plan Is to make the new municipality
like Emeryville, so that Los Angeles
city and the county government as well
will have no control over the new mu
nicipality. If the plan carries the man
agers of the new track hope for better
returns from future race meets.
All teams of the league must wear
white uniforms while playing on the
home grounds during, the season of
1904. It is left to the managers of
the various clubs to select any color of
uniform they please while their team
is on the road.
The schedule committee was in
structed to start work on a skeleton
schedule at once and report to the
board of managers regarding the fix
ing of playing dates during the ap
proaching season.. The committee will
prepare a report and make known its
contents within the next few days.
No umpires have as yet been se
lected for the coming season. By a
\'6te *of the executive committee it
was decided to allow the president of
the league to select the handlers of
the indicators. These men will proba
bly be named within the next few
days and in all probability Jack
O'Connell, Jim McDonald and Rube
I/evy will be awarded the places,
though there may be a surprise in
store for some one.
. A strict ruling was made against
any captain or manager that attempts
to take his team off the field during
the coming season while a game of
baseball is in progress. For such an
offense the captain or manager thus
offending will be immediately fined by
the president of the league. The fine
will be at least $300 and may be more,
according to the nature of the offense
committed.
The annual conference of the Pa
cific Baseball League magnates came
to . a close yesterday afternoon. The
session was mostly devoted to the dis
cussion of minor incidents of the
league and nothing of importance was
done. By a unanimous vote the man
agers decided to adopt the playing
rules of the American League ot 1902.
SALEM, Or.. Jan. 4.— The Chemawa
Indian schcol football team defeated
the Reliance Club of Oakland. Califor
nia, on the Willamette University
grounds this afternoon by a score of
16 to 0. After a good kick-off, by. Che
mawa. Reliance got the ball and car
ried it by steady plunges to within four
inches of the goal. In an effort to
make a touchdown the ball slipped and
Chemawa secured It. This mishap
seemed to break up the Reliance team,
for they did not again get the ball dan
gerously near the goal line. Chemawa
madt one touchdown and kicked goal
in the first half. In the second half the
Indians increased the score to 18 by
matins two touchdowns. One event
threw the spectators and players into
the wildest cheering. The Reliance had
made a twenty-five-yard punt and one
of the Indians caught the ball. A Re
liance man met him as he sped down
the fields and stooDed for a tackle.
Without an- instant's hesitation the In
dian leaped into the air and went over
his adversary without touching him.
His leap was full four feet from the
ground and when he alighted he sped
on as though nothing had happened.
When he had carried the ball baclc
near the line from w,hlther it was punt
ed he was caught while attempting a
second hurdle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OAKLAND RACETRACK — MONDAY, Jan. 4. — Weather fine. Track heavy.
¦ — — — i -
S018. FIRST RACE— 5& furlongs; selllnc; three-year-o!d 3 and up; value to first, $325.
Ind<x I Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. U. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
(^f? } !™ d < Bun J s -- c <S. Ju(5 se)..". 120 1 ... 3 h 3 n 2 2 In See . 6 7
&?? a of^* N If ht - ° if^W- I 10 2 ... in 1M2 2 1 Greenfield . 15 20
;«V« iH ?i i> J T - H - Ryan) loy 3 •'• Bn 4 - < 2 - i:i Vlckery ... 10 40
!£2 2f U Re^- * < J - T - Collins). 109 4 ... 22 2^32 4h Bell ...... 6 7
KfiOfl p a T i TT (Park^ r & Co) --" S)4 5 "• <M5 52 «n 52 H. Smith.. 5-2 6-2
rrw f lor f i i nel "•» < H - w - Hoar). 112 « ... 7 1>i7 3 5 1^1 Kunz ..... 6 13-2
rt-r, U A S - . 6 'J 3 - s chrelb<?r) H\> 7 ... 4h «n 7 4 75 Hlldebrand 11-5 *
Mlft *?vri Vate 4 ?w (P - Hlldreth)... 113 U ... » g n 8 4 Bozeman .. IS 20
541., Abydos. 3 (H. Stover) SO 8 .. . 82 8 2 8 3 9 Crosswalte 15 20
' Tlm r^MLi > : 1 9 * i - At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:19. Burns place. 6-2; show. 6-5.
M^rt V P ac 5' k 8: o 8how - 3< Fly * r - * how - s - w »nner. ch. h. by Matt Byrnw-liar
WtV~ Tr . alned .. by S. Judge. Scratched— Ulctma. Saul of Tarsus. Rustic Girl. Maresa.
ninl i i,. 1n a hard drlve of tWo - Thtrd drivin*. See rode a good race on
winner and his mount outgamed Goddess. With more racing luck Flyer 'would have
" £ 1* -, r Up ; Be " Rced tlred - Smith rode Planet about as well as an armless man
is stale" a Florinel swerved through the stretch. Lustlg pocketed. Captivate
Ji«ny SECOND RACE— Three furlongs; two -year-old^; purse; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. % . %. %• Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. CI.
.... Henry Ach (B. Schreiber) . . .". 112 3 ... ..." ... 22 1 h Burns ..... 6-2*~5
.... Prince Brutus (Cameron} .... 112 2 lh 2« Bullman .. 8-5 5-2
M. A Powell (AI.. Jones).... 112 7 r , x :{ h j Dal J5 , s
"¦¦¦ £rff?h y •P. Ne "r,{ R - A - Smith).. 100 8 32 4 2 Larsen.... 12 15
Edith \lce (Bianchi & Co.).. 110 5 4h 5h See 10 3l>
"" £ni m ( ,™"-. C - E - Miller).. 109 1 7i4(5%-J. Martin.. 10 10
.... Salable (Blasinpme & Co.). 109 11 82 71 Donovan .. 15 CO
.... Liberty Star (H.E. Kowell). 110 10 Hi 8 King 12 15
•"•¦ f? c f harate < N «Pa Stock Farm) 109 4 0 0 C Kelly... 15" 20
.... Paddy Lynch (Stanlleld) 112 9 ... 10 10 W. Waldo. 15 25
IStorma (Burns & Waterhse). 109 0 ... n n Bell 8 0
Tim tTio^ Jh 3 °w At o POS L 3 mInutes - Oft at 2: «- Ach. Place. 1: show. 1-2. Brutus, place.
k»w «•? i- 2 - PoweIt . show. 3. Winner, b. c. by Balgowan-Ursula II. Trained
Dy w. Whalen b tart perfect. Won in a hard/drive of two. Third driving. Toss up
between two leaders. Prince Bi-ut.ua was bothered on Btretch turn and will be hard
O°-Ne a ii inclined Sn^ A.- Powell ran a clever race. Edith Vice Is fast. Pe W y
C62O. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Indgx Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. U . yf. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. cTT
\in- £°" sta £ Ie - 5 Stockton Stable) 106 2 3 1 4 h 4 2 3 h 1 % Donovan . . 6 Ts
M"i xi V «?°°, re - *i ( I- »«tor).. 10B 6 4 1 3 h 1 h 22 2n J. Martin.. 3 4
? Mohi /"» h J T - Cllrtord )- 105 5 2 H 2 2 3 n 1 n 3 6 McKinnon . 6 7
Mar . lln - 4 Render & Co.).... 97 S 5 n « 8 5 1 4 2 4 2 Oliphant ..7-2 5
«o Rinnft S- ?J M K cK «nzIe).. 08 7 6 3 5 2 6 8 5 l'/,5 1 Larsen .... 4 16-5
Sii2 JJ londa - 5 < R - Hughes) la; 4 8 8 8 7 5 (5 2 Bell 8 1"
552? The Stewardess. 5 (Winter).. 97 111 In 21 62 7 15 I.. -Jackson. 10 12
3065_goad_A E ent. C (T. H. Ryan). 104 3 7 It 7 » 7 1 M 8 Hildf brand 10 25
Timo— :25. :51U. 1:19. 1:32] At post 1 minute. Off at 3:07. Constable, place 6; show 3.
.Moore, place. 8-5; show, 4-5. Slavin show. B-5. Winner br g by Bassetlaw-Detrlx
Trained by J. McCollough. Scratched— El Pllar. Oscar Tolle. Start poor. Won In a
drive of three. Donovan saved ground on the rail, which landed Constable Martin on
Billy Moore carried Tom Slavin out through the stretch. Latter- could have won with
good handling. Marlln was heavily played. Nullah ran a very cheap race. Stewardess
quit.
SW21. FOURTH RACK— 1 1-16 miles; purse; 4-year-o!ds and up; value to flrat.' $325.
Index I Hon.! and Owner. IWtlSt %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockeyl I Op. ClT
5501 Incubator. 4 (Van Meter) lCfe| .3 3 n 3 2^2 »i 1 n 1 1»4IT Burns .. 8-5 2
5507 Daisy Green. 4 (Pollansbec).. 1011 2 1 IVil 1%1 l 1 i2 3 2 5 " | j' Jones... 2 11-5
.)!>01 Leader. 4 (Jennings & Co.).. 106 1 2 n 2 n .'« 3 3 4 3 10 |J . Martin.. 4 11-2
(5539) Our Bessie. 4 (Newman) 101 4 5 5 5 5 4 l^lLarsen ... 4 8
5597 lYelloW Tail, a (J. Hackett). ,.|1U[ 5 4 2 44 4G 45 5 |Kin s 6 8
T 11 "^— A 25^- :5U4 - 1:1C %. 1:42%. 1:49. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:31. Incubator, place,
.-10; fhow, 3-10. Green, place. 4-5; show. 1-3. Leader show. 3-5. Winner b. h. by
s- InKoldaby-My Chick. Trained by C. M. Ho11e.nbeck. Start ncod. Won cleverly. Sec
ond driving hard. Third stopping. Daisy Is a "mudder" and received smart support.
Incubator was best, though Bums on winner jrew very affectionate and Just missed
bumping the mare the last eighth by an eyelash. Leader ran his race. Our Bessie did
not like the going to all appearances.. Yellow Tall stale.
o622. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; four- year -olds and up; value to first.' $325.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. V* . H^ %. Str. Fin. I Jockey~| Op. EiT
5594 Albemarle. 4 (E.' Tierney) 99 ."? 3 2 12 1 2- 1 1>41 2 Kuns 5~* 5
5467 Col. Van. 6 (D. S. Fountain). HI 5 4 n 3 n 2 2 2 3 2IUS-. ....... 6 «13-5
M92 iSuRden. a (McNames) 105 6 6 2 5h 5 3 42 34 Tullett .... 4" 7
5610 lAunt Polly. 6 (Graffort & Co.) 102 2 2 h 4 6 4 5 3 n 4 6 J Martin.. 6-2 3
6509 iKitty Kelly, a (Stanfield) 1051 1 1^ 21 3154 5h | Larsen .... 7 ft,
55fl8 IVerma Clnrk. >i (McAlester). .. 1O5| 5 .1 3 «3 02 «5 62 McKinnon 10 15
(5434)[Marello. B (J. fQulnlan) 104 1 7 7 7 7 7 7 L. Jeckson. 10 15
Time— :24\4. :40%. liVllit 1:30%. . At poet 3 14 m!nute«. Off at S:57H. Albemarle. place,
8-5; show. 7-10. Van. place. 1; show, 1-2. Sugden, show. 1. Winner b g. by Decelver-
Fnble. Trained by E. Tierney. Start good. Won easily. Next two driving hard.
Muddy footing just suited winner. Colonel Van ran an excellent race. Sugden away
badly, closed very strong. Aunt Polly did not wish to get her feet damp. Kitty Kelly
quit early. Marelto off badly.
5023. SIXTH RACE — 1*4 miles; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. %. %. %i. Btr. Fin. I Jockey, j Op. Cl.
5513 Nigrette, 4 (Jennings & Co.). 92 2 1 2 1 1>$1 1^1 1^1 1% Kunz . 7-10 3T5
5611 Position, a (C. A. Durfee).. 10G 6 fi 3 1 3 2 3 3 2 1 T. Burns.. 6 8
r>585 IRosarie. 5 (C. W. Chappell). 9S 1 2 2 2U2 1>,£2 2 3 5 Larsen .... 3 ll-->
5447 Harry Beck, 5 (Lynch & Co.). 104 5 3 l',44 2^4 n 4 4 4 2 Bell 5 7
6599 IF. Woods, a (Garden C. S.) 90 4 4 h 6 6 5 1 f> 4 H. Smith.. 8 20
6585 'Col Anderson. 5 ( Fltrgeraldj. |10<i 3 3 1 5 1'frS n *> - 0 iDonovan ¦¦ 15 30
Time — :2C. :53, l:19Vi. 1:45=4. 1:58. At post 1 minWte. Off at 4:23. Nigrette place 1-3
show. out. Position, place. 3; show, 3-5. Rosarie. show. 1-2. 'Winner, blk. 'm. by'Mid
iQthlan-Twinkle. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Scratched — Lacy Crawford. Start
good. Won easily. Next two driving. Winner bid up from $500 to $1000 by J. Webber
but was retained. • Nigrette "chin-strapped" home. Position was always knocking'
P.osarle did fairly well. Colonel Anderson can-do better when ready. Harry Beck
well played. Frank Woods an inmate of the Smithsonian Institution.
In Only One Out of Five
Races Did the Short-Enders
Get a Chance at the Monev
Game Is Exciting, but the Spec
tacular Playing of One of
the Redskins Is a Feature
Wants Local Man to Make Spe
cial Weight and Also Holds
Out for Percentage of Receipts
Any Captain or Manager That
Takes His Team Off Field
"Will Be Severely Punished
GOOD DAY FOR FAVORITES
Albemarle finally struck a track to
his liking and registered an easy win
ner of the seven-furlong number, fifth
on the card. The gelding had but 99
pounds up and, at odds of 5 to 1, soon
assumed the lead and was never ex
tended. Colonel Van, played from 5
down to 13 to 5 favoritism, ran second
and Sugden came on from the rear, se
curing show honors.
Walter Jennings' mare Nigrette, a 3
to 5 chance around post time,' made
short work of her field in the closing
mile and a furlong selling run. Kunz
had the leg up and, taking his mount
out in front at the start, won all the
way. Position got the place very hand
ily from Rosarie.
Willie .See on Steve Judge's horse
Bard Burns took the first event, a five
and a half furlong scramble, at odds of
7 to 1. The 20 to 1 shot Goddess of
Night, with Sammy Greenfield in the
saddle, made all the running and was
only beaten out a neck. Flyer, a 40 to 1
shot, finished third. Planet ruled fa
vorite at 2\i to 1, and Smith's handling
of the three-year-old was as funny as
that of a Chinese operatic star endeav
oring to reach high C.
Last time Constable started Foley
was at the wheel and he docked last
of the fleet. Donovan rode the gelding
in the third race yesterday and, at odds
of 15 to 1, skinned down on the rail,
beating out Billy Moore half a length
at the wire. If McKinnon had not bus
ied himself trying to jump out of the
saddle Tom Slavin, which finished third,
would have scored. Nullah ruled a mild
favorite, and at last accounts had not
been sighted. Possibly her cargo shift
ed and Captain Larsen may come in
on the ebb tide to-day.
An analysis of the mud convinced
the experts that it was just Daisy
Green's number, and the Eastern mare
was strenuously backed to suppress In
cubator ar.d the balance of the com
pany starting In the mile and a six
teenth event. She made all the run
ning, but Incubator held her Bafe from
the turn home, Tommy Burns landing
the Van Meter entry first by more than
a length. Our Bessie cannot run in the
mud, finishing fourth, ten lengths be
hind Leader.
The kindergarten event, which was
the feature of the card on reopening
day at Oakland, proved a very fetching
attraction, for there was a large at
tendance at the track over the bay. It
served to introduce eleven spanking,
good-looking two-year-olds, and Bar
ney Schreiber's II
colt Henry Ach, ridden by Tommy
Bunts, was returned the winner after
a pretty struggle with Prince Brutus.
The victory Avas most pleasing to the
St. Louis bookmaker and breeder, as
his two-year-old Pinkerton carried off
the honors in the baby race at Los An
geles yesterday.
If clocking counts for anything Prince
Brutus and Henry Ach looked to have
the others up their sleeve. Bullman had
the mount on Prince Brutus, and the
Cameron entry opened favorite. There
was such a steady play on Henry Ach,
though, that the latter had first call at
post time. Once in Jake HoKman's
hands, the barrier etiquette of the elev
en youngsters elicited much favorable
comment, and without delay they were
sent away to a perfect start. Henry
Ach quickly showed in the lead, and
while Prince Brutus once headed him
opposite the paddock the Schreiber colt
appeared to better advantage in the
sloppy footing, and under Burns' strong
handling earned the decision by a head
in :3G — a remarkably fast run consider
ing the condition of the track. M. A.
Powell, owned by Milt Jones, ran a
gf> od third.
Constable was the star long shot per
former of the afternoon, winning at
odds of 15 to 1. Favorites were thrice
successful.
NO UMPIRES. APPOINTED
CHA3IPION STATES TERMS
AX ERROR IS DISASTROUS
Manager Coffroth Is Ready to
Give Corbett and Britt a Big
Sum to Battle in This City
Baseball Representatives Adopt
Playing Rules of American
League for Coming Season
Chemawa ; Football Team De
feats Reliance Club Eleven
by a Score of 16 to 0
Lady Lasca Is a Close Second
in the Brush Between the
Two - Year - Olds at Ascot
MAGNATES END
THEIR SESSION
OFFERS PURSE
FOR THE FIGHT
FIRST HONORS
TO PINKERTON
INDIANS DOWN
OAKLAND IDOLS
RACETRACK HAPPEN I NGS AN D GEN ERAL N EWS OF TH E SPORTI NG WORLD
HENRY ACH DEFEATS PRINCE BRUTUS
IN FIRST TWO-YEAR-OLD SCRAMBLE
Winner Is Ridden by Tommy Burns and Carries the Colors of
Barney Schreiber--Racing Resumed at Oakland With Three of
the Choices Finishing /First-— Incubator Downs Daisy Green
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S , RACING FORM CHART.
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 5, 1D04.
10
• C _l ADVERTISEMENTS.
BDHBBB8IHO&iaBaHIBIBaiBfl0IBnH»BIBfl»IBNBH
I Free to Men |
g • A Book That Brings JHappinssa g
¦ — , I know that no man remains a " d O
83 weakling" b'ecausc he wants to; I am a V^*\. D
B 'sure that you want to overcome every Jl J^»K« ?
m Indication of early decay that has ill hp-Wpn h
~ shown Itself on, you. I don't think lw U Xz-*** Jm
S the man lives who would not like to IT 7 w^.M „
™ feel as big and strong as a Sandow. II jwS Myt^TA. n
g And I know that if you have a rea- If <& V\ - »t •"
f* sonable foundation to build upon I w& \ \?x*s v ¦
¦ can make you a bigger man than you u>*~ Xs X.^^ " ¦
H ever hoped to be. I want you to know jyiJ^gLV 2 ¦ TiJS*- 3 ?
B that, you who can't believe it, and I lSjaSa s * f 1 Ew t3r- -^^V ?
ga want you to have my book in which Mp39 \\^lfV^l n
t» I describe how I learned that manly l\ 7 \vWu-x. Pi J»
™ strength was only electricity, and . / ' IWw 1 a
™ how I lrarnffl to restore it; also I v±* \\J U&V \3T}a« I ¦
H want to tell you the names of some ffjSLA'wi /*"^-^v\^Sf I H
Q men who will tell you that when they r«S3«iy| f^*" T\ 1 I R
¦ came to mo they were physical wrecks Vsg39iul$ ("-^TSSNQ •/ I I O
jg and are now amons the finest sped- £§"z%3!§| vS?%^J // } I a
g mens of physical manhood. "«HH [$Eh « W I I Q
H A HAPPY MAN. f ' \l^ n
3 Dear Sir: Having used your farfsmis /^^M'^S*§8 3 H fi& "
A* electric belt for thirty days. I have r«- ff<JPM&lW GX&riP'-SSSi I fell O
B celvert the greatest benefit that a man *»j«OTI CakS£KH I C*IS?I ¦
H could *afn— that Is. health and strength. jH^Ht M3«B'2$3h& I I K mW mm
n Th? tired. desr>ondent feellre has gone. I aSSSsI i^2»3»£« / I R 5k H
•3 feel the besrinnlnc of a new life, and am jSCtXSKmX KWMlT%m .ZMi \l |#* 1 El
H ever jour debtor. AV. E. CLARK. /S^^eW^B V&I W$Sj>\ \L-fcSw ¦
H P. O. hox 4S2. Tucson, Arizona. Y*' <"'*• J\ BPjH £j
B I want you to read this book and dsfeS^ul V - A I S3
9 learn the truth about my arguments. **$5im\-*y *""*^ ¦ > VJV>^m S
g Tf you are not as vigorous as you "iv— >f J j*
n would like to be. if you have rheu- •* «BI ?>ft b^*L^ <-S . *mftjk ~
m . matic pains, weak kidneys, loss of R
£f power, day or .night- losses, prostatic * a
H troubles, nervous spells, varlcocele or . B
™ any ailment of that kind that unmans '. you.- it would assure vou future ¦
B happiness If you would look into this method of mine. Don't delav It- vnnl I
I Dr. MX. McLaugKlih, E Marketst |
g - O. • » Above Elhs. San Fraaclsco. ¦
BiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiBiHiiiiiiiiBiiiiiumS
ADVEBTISEKENTS. .
\
HAVANA CIGARS
• Telephone John 3TX.
[Coaj Reduction ]=^S; M HANp_
S ————__ ¦ i c!«l handicapper for _«__.«.. • "
H . Ijlhf "Metropolitan BOOMS 1, 3 and 3,
| American Cannel 1 1 SSw; 5S 1)3- STOCKTON ST.,
C ... . »» B : relation* of New
I Sold by All Reliable Dealers. 0 Vork. Eta Fnnciiot. Ct\.
' Jt \ Terms fdurln* California eeason oa!r)i S3Fountain Pens.
L*-t i:s fit your hand to a fountain pen.
It is Just as important that a pr>n fit
Tour hand as it Is to havo a shoo fit
your foot. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket st. •
Marvin Perry, colored, was arrested
by Policemen Jo>' and Stelzner yester
day and booked on a charge of rob
ben,-. He is accused of holding up
Louis Reid at Jackson street and
Montgomery avenue Sunday .night.
Alleged Footpad Arrested.
Amelia Ann Swann. a colored
woman. 85 years old, residing with
her married daughter at 1026 Jackson
street, died at 6 o'clock last Sunday
evening from injuries received by
jumping out of her bedroom window
on December 27. She had been
slightly demented.
Killed by a Fall.
Hans Wulff, the ased farmer from
Sacramento, who was charg-ed by his
son. Henry, with being Insane, was
<!iseharsed yesterday after having
been pronounced sane by Dr. McGet
tiear. He was immediately taken to
a sanitarium in San Mateo by his sons,
in conRpnuenee of his threat that he
would kill himself, by either jumping
out of a window or by cutting his
throat.
Wulff Goes to Sanitarium
Dr. Brink Acouittcd.
United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday instructed the jury
to acquit Dr. H. O. Brink, who was
being tried for mailing an obscene
letter concerning Dr. J. R. Xott, the
court holding that the letter, while
gturrilous. filthy and cowardly, was
not obscene within the meaning . of
the statute. Both parties reside in
Lakeport. Lake County. Half of the
jurors declined to shake hands with
Brink after the verdict had been an
nounced.
Dr. Voorsanger Will Spoak.
Dr. Jacob Voorsanger will address
.the young men at the opening of the
winter term of the night school of rhe
Young Men's Christian Association to
night.
William Hubbard and his wife Anna
appeared in Judge Mogan's court yes
terday. Mrs. Hubbard had a discol
ored eye and the head of the house had
a battered nose. The wife said that
her husband had done the decorative
work around her optic. In turn he said
that she was in the habit of 'enter
taining a man named Hewitt at their
residence at'143 Clara street, much to
his chagrin. When he attempted to
drive the interloper aw'ay he was bat
tered on the no£g. He admitted retal
iating on his wife by blackening her
eye with a teeny-weeny punch. Judge
Mogan continued the case until to-day
to see if the warring couple will not
settle their differences.
The Supreme Court yesterday pass
ed resolutions in memory of W. W.
Cope, formerly Chief Justice, and of
Jackson Temple, formerly Associate
Justice, both of whom died during
1903. No adjournment was taken. ¦
In Honor of Dead Jurists.
Cornelius Sullivan was very drunk
when he turned up at police headquar
ters on December 29 and weepingly con
fessed that he was wanted for mur
der in Chicago. He was put through
the upuai contortions and at the end
the detective department said: "Ha!
ha! We have him in our power at
last." " Sullivan was guarded as a pre
cious thing until yesterday, when he
was eiveh a public view in^ Judge Ca
baniss' court. -He is rather' a disrepu
table lookln'g . fellow, who appears to
have recently recovered from a full
sized attack of "jimmies."
The detective department has com
municated with the Chicago police, but
they do not want Sullivan in any form
or manner. Their directory Is already
overrunning with Sullivans.
Judge Cabanis3 sentenced Sullivan to
six months' imprisonment on the charge
of vagrancy to allow the police to in
vestigate more fully the self-confessed
criminal record of the prisoner.
1 Joseph Allen twice placed a capacious
pitcher in the hands of his friend,
Charles Jones. Saturday night and be
sought him to speed to the grocery and
bar at the corner of Laguna and Lin
den avenue, have the crockery filled
with foaming beer and lightly bring it
back. When it arrived Allen buried
his head in it, but refused to pay his
portion of the, expense. The third time
Jpnes refused to act as Ganymede, and
Allen smashed him on the head with
the' pitcher. The offender was convict
ed of disturbing the peace by Judge
Mogan yesterday and to-day he will be
given a bu'nch of punishment to be re
membered for his unclublike behavior.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo... Jan. 4.—
Thomas Evans and his wife and young
daughter, who lived in Anaconda,
Mont., have been arrested and placed
in the bull pen by the military authori
ties for jeering at the soldiers and non
union miners.
TELLURIDE, Colo., Jan. 4.—Twenty
six men arrested here by the military
authorities, Including former Attorney
General Eugene N. Engley, counsel for
the Telluride Miners* Union; Guy E.
Miller, president of the union, and J. C.
Williams, vice president of the Western
Federation of Miners, were placed on
board a northbound train to-day, and.
under military guard, taken beyond
the boundaries of San Miguel County.
They will not be allowed to return to
this district while martial law is in ef
fect.
DENVER. Colo.. Jan. 4.— Under the
proclamation issued by Governor Pea
body, declaring San Miguel County to
be lr. a state t of insurrection and giving
the military full power, to use such
means as it deems proper to restore
peace. Major Zeph T. Hill, commander
of the military at Telluride, has estab
lished a press censorship. He has noti
fied the newspaper correnspondents in
Tellurlds that all articles must be sub
mitted to him before they are sent out
and has taken control of. the telegraph
and telephone lines.
Major Hill Establishes Press
Censorship and Takes Con
trol of Telegraph Lines
RETURN IS PROHIBITED
D. J. Bradley is a painter by occu
pation and. lives at 72& Mission street,
where A. G. Fromin runs the Model
lodging-house. Saturday night' the
landlord heard excited sound? Issuing
from Bradlev's boudoir and 1 rapped
lightly on thedoor.- The rotrner opened
the door , and : rapped heavily on ths
landlord. . In fact, it wa? nearly cur
tains for the proprietor until the do-
John Kelso, who has been shooting
up Lombard street a whole lot, was
convicted by Judge Cabaniss yesterday
of violating an . ordinance prohibiting
the operation of quarries inside of cer
tain city limits. Kelso is not a des
perado, but merely a contractor, t and
has been endeavoring to grade a high
lot out Lombard street way with the
aid of blasting" powder. • The, -property
owners adjacent testified that the op
eration was attended wjth great danger
to their persons and belongings. The
defendant will be fined to-day.
When the prisoner ambled before the
bar of justice he" turned out to be one
of the worst kind of wrecks from the
use of morphine. "Coyne," said the
Judge pleasantly, "I am inclined to be
lieve you are a bad coin. I think it
would be just as weir to withdraw you
from circulation for a time. How would
four months in the County Jafl suit
you?" "Thirty days is all, I need,
Judge," said the prisoner, who must
have solaced himself during the night
with yen-shee to have maintained such
a stolid attitude. "The last time I only
got thirty days and I came out fat."
"All right," said the Judge. "Come out
this next time like a bright new dol
lar, because If I find you smeared arid
battered again I'll lock you up in a
vault for a long, long time."
James Co^yne was asleep in the dock
when he was called "to answer to the
charge of vagrancy in Judge Cabaniss'
court yesterday. "Mr. Bailiff," said the
Judge, "please flip that Coyne a couple
of times." .
Judge Fritz yesterday held William
Harvey and Ben Michaels to answer to
the Superior Court. He fixed their
bonds at $3000. They are accused of
bunkoing Wave Copenhaver, a farmer
from Seattle, out of $1500 on the pre
tense of making nim a diamond-stud
ded manager of a theatrical show. A
man named Stanton is also wanted on
the same charge, but he has so far
avoided arrest.
The police will make a thorough
search for Joebicke, but whether or not
he wilj ever again wander so close, to
Justice is very doubtful/
Clearly some one blundered in charg
ing the prisoner with carrying bur
glar's tools and -concealed weapons.
He was certainly a desirable subject
for further investigation and should
have been locked up in a detinue cell.
Among other possessions he ' had 5iS9
and with part of this money.he fur
nished the cash bail demanded on the
charge. When the keys and "Jimmy"
were exhibited in court a few police
officers and Judge Conlan became in
terested at once. "Bring that prisoner
up here," said Judge Conlan. A search
was made, but no Joebicke could be
found. His name was called in the
corridors, but he came not. Then Judge
Conlan put on his roasting clothes.
The heaviest burden of his wrath fell
upon Horace Ford, who acted as attor
ney for t^ie vanishing Joebicke. whom
he practically accused of having inten
tionally interfered with justice while
acting as an officer of the court. Oth^
ers came in for less severe censure, but
the Judge delivered some hot ones
right off the bat to various officials gt
the court who had been derelict in their
duties in connection with the case.
He was arrested by Policeman Night
ingale on Market - street at an early
hour yesterday morning" because he
seemed to be acting in a suspicious
manner. When he was searched one
of the finest outfits of skeleton keys
that has ever come into the possession
of the police department' was found in
his possession. The keys were all hand
made, and were calculated to open the
most difficult locks. He also had a pow
erful "Jimmy" and a loaded revolver in
his possession.
Albert Joebicke, who is suspected by
the police bf .being a dangerous crim
inal with a long^record, folded his tent
like the Arab and silently stole away
from Judge" Conlan's "court yesterday
morning. It was not exactly an escape
in the ordinary acceptation of the term.
Joebicke was out on $100 bail and tech
nically at liberty. The manner of his
going, however, strengthened the sus
picion that he had no desire for noto
riety.
She said that her worthless son in
sisted on living aJL her home in spite of
her protests to leave her and go some
where else, In order that she might be
free from his abuse. She, had stood his
treatment for 'many months, and as a
final recourse and under the advice of
her noighbors had him arrested.
Abell doggedly admitted that he
struck his mother Saturday night, but
denied the repeated assaults alleged.
"I beat her onc« before," he said, "and
that, was the only time I done it."
. "If you lived in a more excitable
community," said Judge Mogan to the
prisoner, "you would have been lynched
for the inhuman manner you have
treated your poor old mother. I'll riot
take any chances on mother love pre
vailing by postponing your sentence.
I'll give you six months in the County
Jail, and instruct the Sheriff to keep
you hard at work on the rock pile dur
ing ths period of your confinement: I
am only sorry that the law will not
allow me to sentence you to a more ex
treme penalty, because a wretch like
you does not observe the slightest con
sideration from man or beast."
"You are one of the dirtiest scoun
drels that ever came before me during
the five years I have been a police mag
istrate," said Judge Mogan yesterday
after he had heard the testimony
against Isaac Abell, a stage hand em
ployed at a local theater. Abell was ar
rested on the complaint of his mother,
who conducts a small lodging-house at
205 Second street and makes a meager
living by her hard labor. She told the
Judge that once or twice a week her
son beat her. If meals were a trifle late
he laid his heavy hands on her, bruising
her frail body horribly. As an evidence
of his latest brutality she exhibited a
frightfully discolored eye which he'in
flicted on her Saturday night.
. Bradley told Judge Jlogan yesterday
that while he was not heavily addicted
to stimulants he must have been re
covering from a heavy dose of knock
out drops when the trouble occurred.
He said that when he went to the door
in response to the landlord's knock he
thought he was at an initiation of the
Brotherhood of Painters and Glaziers.
He Imagined he had a stuffed club in
his hands and believed all his blows
to be harmless until he found himself
in jail. He was convicted on two
charges of battery and will be sen
tenced to-day.
lice arrived to rescue him. Then the
police were forced to send for rein
forcements before they could so com
pletely secure the custody of the paint
er &s to be able to place him in a patrol
wagon. ' '
Labor Union Officials Are
Taken Beyond Confines of
Telluride by the Military
Sentences Him to Six Months' Imprisonment and Wishes
He Could Give Him More — Supposed Important'
Criminal Fades Away Prom. Judge Conlan's Court
ARMY ESCORT
FOR PRISONERS
JUDGE MOG AN EXCORIATES
SON WHO BEATS HIS MOTHER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 190*.
11
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Mary (minor). 16 Broderick
St.. S. F. 202 24
•Total... $23,431 5$
State of California. City and County of
San Francisco — ss.
I «Jo solemnly swear that I have a per-
sonal knowledge of the matters contained
in the foregoing- statement, and that
every allegation, statement, matter and
thing therein contained is true, to tho
best of my knowledge and belief.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before ma
this 7th day of December. 1903 •
GEQ. T. KNOX. Notary Public.
In and for the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
i - .
e Steamers Ifava Saa Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketrhikan. Wrangel.
Juneau. Halnes. Skasuay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. in., Jan.
2, C. 11. IB. 21. 28, 31. Feb.
5. Chansa to company's
ettamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Towniend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Jan. 2. S.
11. 1«. 21. 26. SI. Feb. 5. Change at Seattl*
to this company' a steamers for Alaska, and
O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to JJ. P. By.:
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
' For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, !:•>»
p. m.. J«n. «. 11. 17. 23. 29. Feb. 4; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Jan. 2. ». 1*. 20. 2«. Feb. 1.
For Lc» Angeles <vla Port Lob Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara. —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For !»¦ Angeles (via San P«dro and Caat
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, 8an Simeon. Cayucos, Port Hartord (San
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Haen»me.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 4. 12. 2f). 28. Feb. S.
Bonita, 0 a. m.. Jan. 8. 16. 24. Feb. 1.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jo«« d«l
Cabo, MintUn, Altata. La Paa. Santa, Ro-
salia. Gua;mu cMex.>. 10 a. m.. 7th ot eacla
month.
For further Information cbtaln folder.
Rltht Is reserved to change steamers or tail"
Ing dates.
TICZET OPPICE3-* New Montgom-
ery street (Palacn Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. Dl'NANN, General Passenger Agaot.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
AMEEICAN LI3TE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New TorW Saturdays at 9:30 a. m.
St. Louts Jan. 9!St. Paul Jan- 23
New York Jan. 16'Pniladelphla. .. .Jan. 30
SPECIAL NOTICE.
After January 1. 1904. American Line (team*
ers from New York for Southampton will call
at Plymouth and Cherbourg to land rr.ulij and
passengers for London and Paris.
ATLANTIC TBAHS?OST LSTS.
Sew York — London Direct.
Mesa ba. . .Jan. 9. 9 anil Mln't'ka Jan. 23. 9 am
M'n'mlnee. Jan. 16.9 amlMin'poMs.Jan. 30. 3 pmr
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Portland — Liverpool— Short sea passage.
Dominion Jan. 231 Dominion Feb. Zt
Canada Feb. 6 Canada Mar. 13
i red stab uarx.
New York — Antwerp — Paris.
Zeeld.Jan 9. 10:30- am!Zeeld.Jan.2^. 1O:TO am
Krnl'd.Jan.16. 10:30 ami Ftnl'd.Jan.30. 10.;ii> a.ra
WHITE STAB LINE.
New York— Qusenstown— Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays. %
¦ Majestic. Jan. 6. 10 amiCedric Jan. 27. nooa
i Celtic Jan. 13. 2 pmiMajestic.Feb. 3. 10 am
Teutonic. Jan. 20. li> am Oceanic. .Feb. 10. 1 pro
Boston — Qneeoitown — Iilveroool.
Cymrtc Jan. 21. Feb. 18, Mar. 17
Cretlc Feb. 4. Mar. 3. Mar. 31
BOSTON MEDITEBSANEAN SERVICE.
Azores, Gibraltar, If aplei, Gtnoa.
ROMANIC Jan. 16, Feb. 27. Apl 9
1 CANOP1C Jan. 50. Mar. 13
REPUBLIC (n«w) Feb. 13. Mar. 2t»
C. X>. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
inKtSuiy MAR3MU.E3.*GM0Oli 8
ROMANIC Jan. 16. Feb. 27, ApL &
CANOP1C ..I Jan. 30. Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (n«w) Feb. 13. Mar. 28
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
ThMe steamers are the largest in ths
Mediterranean service.
. First class, $65 upward.
Boston to Liverpool q^o^
CYMRIC Jan. 21. Feb. 19, Mar. 17
CRETIC Feb. 4. Mar. 3. Mar. 31
First class. |6O and $65 upward, accord-
in* to steamer. For plans, etc., iddfsss
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 State St..
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" Mils Jan. 8. IS. 28. Feb. 7.
17. 27 and Marrh 9. "George W. El-
der" sails Jan. 3. IS. 23, Feb. 2. 12. 22 and
March 4. Only steamship Una to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, alt
rail or steamship and rail. at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth ami
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st.. at It
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. On. A»t. Paas. Dept. 1
i Montgomery »t. : C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Art-
! Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Stearrers will leave wharf, corner First ami
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hlogo). Naga.
sakj and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong.
kori« with uteamera for India, etc. No cargo
received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Monday. January 25. 1904
S. 8. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. February 17. 1904-
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. March 13. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Cora*
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
"W. II. AVERY, General Agent.
oceanics.sxo.ss:
S S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu, Jan. «. 1904.
11 a. re..
S. g. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Jan. J». 11 a-m.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Svdney. Thursday, Jan. 21. 8 p. m.
4J.I?SECKlSHS0S.Cfl,latr.TttitKra,B«lLi3!a
fn^tlSSekUl larkxtlUfisrla. 7.Paaffe JL
C0XPAG51S 6E»£IULE TBA53ATLA5TI5ai
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jt^*—
Sailing every Thursday instead of •^ISfiJTS)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. frtm Pier 42. >*«»-
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tic kets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mar* Island and Vallajo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBliTor~MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m.. 3:13 and S:2O p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, !>:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare, 50 cants. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mission-st.. dock. HATCH
BROS. • .
iEIMJALi
1 6 Pages,
$1 Per Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
THE HIBERNIA SAVINGS
AND LOAN SOCIETY
Made in accordance with an act of the
State Legislature, passed March 23. 1S'J3.
and hereto annexed, to wit:
"The people of the State of California,
represented In Senate and Assembly, do
enact as follows: .
"Section 1. The cashier or secretary of
every saving's bank, savings and loan so-
ciety and every institution in which de-
posits of money are made and interest
paid thereon, shall, within fifteen days
after the 1st day of December. In the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-three, and within fifteen days of
the 1st day of December of each and
every second succeeding year thereafter,
return to the gourd of Bank Commis-
sioners a sworn statement, showing the
amount standing to his credit, the last
known place of residence or Postofflce
address, and the fact of death If known
to said cashier or secretary, of every de-
positor who shall not have made a de-
posit therein, or withdrawn therefrom
any part of his deposit, or any part of
the interest thereon, for the period of
more than ten years next preceding;
and the cashiers and secretaries of such
savings banks, savings and . loan socie-
ties and institutions for deposit of sav-
ings shall give notice of these deposits
in one or more newspapers published in
or nearest to tho city, city and county or
town where such banks are situated at
least once a week for four successive
weeks, the cost of such publications to
be paid pro rata out of said unclaimed de-
posits; provided, however, that this act
shall not apply to or affect the deposit
made by or In the name of any person
known to the said cashier or secretary
to be living, any deposit which with the
accumulations thereon shall be less than
150.
"Sec. 2. The Board of Bank Commis-
sioners shall incorporate In their subse-
quent report each return which shall
have been made to them, as provided in
section 1 of this act.
"Sec. 3. Any cashier or secretary of
either of the banking institutions men-
tioned In section 1 of this act neglecting
or refusing to make the sworn, state-
ment required by said sectichi 1 shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor."
In accordance with the foregoing th«
following: statement is submitted, as ap-
pears from our books at close of busi-
ness on the 1st Day of December. A. D.
1003. to wit:
Name and Address — » Amount
Aguinr. Laura G.. 417 Pacific
St.. S. F $116 66
Anderson. Bernhard. North Pa-
cific Hotel, cor. Jackson and
Drumm sts.. S. F 335 76
Barrett. Milton. Bodle. Cal 36S 45
Bittencurte. Manuel de S.. 418
Drumm St., S. F 63 59
Brady. P. F.. S. F.. Cal 281 09
Bryson. Mary. 223 Beale St..
S. F ,. 114 60
Buckley. Christopher A.. 23S
Kearny St.. S. F 62 91
Buckley, Michael. Mendocino,
Cal 324 14
Burke. Ann. 223 Sixth st.. S. F. 67 50
Callahan, Jerry, Western Ho-
tel. Broadway. S. F 63 24
Cardenos. Jennie. Menlo Park.
San Mateo County. Cal 64 8S
Casey. Eliza. 567 Minna St..
S. F. 83 60
Cavanagh. John. 744 Mission
St.. S. F 1,228 61
Clark, Bridget. San Francisco.
Cal 62 66!
Connon. George, 144 Eleventh
et.. S. F... 52 .1
Corbett. Richard, Tucson. A. T. 6.648 62
Curley, Margaret, ' Agnews*
Asylum. Santa Clara Co..
Cal 152 16 |
Daly, Bridget A.. San Francis- . . ;
co. Cal .64 71
Daly. .Maria. San .Francisco.. . . .'
Cal. 71 39 |
Delaney, Stephen, San Fran-
cisco, Cal 206 41
Donahue. J. Mervyn, San Ra- ,
fael. Cal 1.034 89
Donovan, John. 4i9 Stevenson
st.. S. F. 660 31
rhjgan. John S.. Helena. Mont. 6S4 26
Dunsford. John. Howard St..
bet. Fifth and Sixth. S. F... 60 09
Edwards. Thomas M.. San Ma-
teo. Cal 77 91
Ericson, August, 228 Pacific St.,
S. F i 142 82
Foster, James' W.. care Frank
O'Neall. Wickham. Newcas-
tle. N. S. W.. Australia 185 44
Frodsham. Charles, or Mrs.
Charles Frodsham. 1815
Powell st.. S. F 51 85
Gainey, Elizabeth M.. 141
Fourth st.. S. F 67-93
Graham. James, Truckee. Cal.. 411 33
Griffin. Mrs. Hannah. 3 Larkin
St.. S. F. 167 89
Herod. George. 32 Second St..
S. F. , -. .. 65 31
Hesslon. Patrick, 16 Natoma
St.. S. F 1,275 65
Hlargins. Owen C. Lime Point.
Cal. 157 27
1 Hogan, Thomas, steamer "Pell-
can" 122 24
Hume. Henry. 260 Minna St..
SF '. 780 68
Ingemanson. Jons. 23S Steuart
St.. S. F 54 31
Justl. Llbble. 1003 Valencia St..
S. F 52 11
Kane, Michael.. 752 Railroad
ave.. Alamcda. Cal 58 54
Kuster. Anna B.. Brooklyn. Cal. 594 71
Lally. Delia. 55 Bryant st.,
S. F. 335" 05
Lawlor, Thomas, American
Exchange Hotel. S. F. 694 24
Lovinburg, Harriett. 20 Russ
St.. S. F 474 09
Lynch. Cornelius. 928 — Fif-
teenth St.. S. F 79 31
Manchen. Ella. 318 Kearny st.,
S. F 247 93
Manning. John F.. 1006 Nato-
ma St.. S. F 5127
Matthews. John. Wide way.
East Berkeley. Cal 204 67
Mellor. Henry. 23 Natoma St..
S. F 179 80
Muir, «Mary or David. San
Jose. Cal 59 07
Mulholland. James. Fourth and
Townsend sts.. S. F 1,234 34
Murphy. Thomas.' Portland. Or. 1.082 07 1
MeCauley. Henry. Egan Can-
> yon. Nev 68 26
McCoy. Ellen. Vacaville. Cal.. j7 70 i
McGauley. Stephen. 416 Teha- '
ma st.. S. F. -. . . 153 59 !
McT-.npany. John, 117 Drumm
st.. S. F . . , 57 63
Nolan, Mary. 1612 Mission St..
8. F - • 211 62
Norton, Thomas, 2921 Mission
St.. S. F 157 56
O'Brien. Dennis. Point Reyes.
Cal 2 : 06
O'Connor. Maria. '2015 Mission
st; S. F 201 01
Olsen. Andrew. 12 Jackson st.,
S/F 307 26
O'Neill. Ann. 18 Clara St.. S. F. 617 59
O'Neil. Mnry, Alameda Point j
Cal 79 60 '
O'Reilly, Elizabeth (minor).
741 Harrison st.. S. F 106 4*
O'Reilly. Farrell J.. 741 Harrl- V '
son «U S. F. 63 18
Pacific Coast Quarry-men's -
Protective Union. Penryn.
Cal 86 05
Pettitt* Catherine. 10S Bernard . ¦¦ :
st.. 3. F 52 69
Pevide. Antonio da Costa. 315
Drumm St.. S. F 980 .13
Plover. Patrick. San Francisco. ¦ .
Cal • j... 327 59
Raynor. Henry. Washington
- square. West End. S. F.. .». . . ; 53 29
Rellly. John. Fort McDermltt. : ' A
•Nev * ... 263 -23 !
Richter. Otto. 22 Turk . St., ". .- . |
¦ S. F '60 50;
Samuelson. Edwin. 15 Howard'. -. i
-St.. 3- F .', .608 06
Sheehan. John. 315 Bryant St.." ' .c
S V U9 2S
SUvera. Marmcl L.. 116 Jack-
son sL^S. F 878 20 ]
Sullivan. Catherine. 830 Pacific
St.. S. F • 303 3i
Sullivan. Mrs. Hanora. or Jos-
eph Sullivan, (minor). 237
Minna st.. S. F. -. . . 69 16
Sullivan. Patrick. 12 Eighth
j *ti S. F v 75 44
SuUlvr.n, Timothy. Sar." Fran-
s cisco. Cal 845 77
Swoeney. Mv!»s D.." s'Juthw^st
¦ «:or. Hn»Ji1..*ay and Mason
».<t*C t>. F. ••¦-. : ' 224 5l'
Thii5j;!*r. "Jiui«-tte. San Fran- j
cisc«<. Cal.V..'* ...,. .77 53
\\ li!pn«\v. Oorge F.. Snlt I^»kp
CUv i:tr\'- 1.017 53
V.'ti^iit. Oeorrlana Elvira . >
ADVEKTISEMfeNTS.
The Kind Yon Have Always Bought lias borne the signa-
ture of Chas. II. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 30 rears. Allow no one
J.°T^toJ% y^, m Imitations and
LeL U tt a o?S^
What is CASTORIA
Castorta is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
ponc, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, 3Iorphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its ajre is its gmarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Pcverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
*. 1C V~ I ! > r * Ucxcs Teethinj? Troubles, cures Constiputiou
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, ffiving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
y» Bears the Signature of
In Use For Over 30 Years.
w cg * T » u * CBUMwy. tt nuimr •mecr, mcw tonk city.
1 THE GREAT POINTER "ODDSIDEsTTl
1 A Sportsman's Feature -^- With The Sunday Call ¦ j 1
' - 1
I AN IDEAL FIELD PICTURE T JANUARY 10th, 1904 1 1
iw'JKjl* r^jj i'»$ *^f3^%^^^^^ 0>&P^3r v " ¦ £ If ' : * t*? ¦'¦¦ *¦ - ¦' **'•¦ ¦'¦¦ ¦' '¦¦V^y^SrW^ tfJt r "' ' ' +t + '* "" ;:i *~ 'f^' K *¦' " '•' '¦' ¦ "j'v' "'-'¦¦ T $t ¦ '* "^" *"¦?¦¦'"' E3
\ "POINTING." * I
j if.f* : In pursuance of its policy of furnishing its. readers not only all the \
, features tnat its contemporaries contain, but something more. The Call, KJ
ever on the alert, has secured a series of art pictures of sporting and hunt- fig
•f .ing scenes and will reproduce them «:s supplements of its Sunday Edition. . M
.""Pointing" is from the brush of Osthaus, the justly famed painter 0
of sporting • scenes, and this picture is a most faithful portrayal of an tj
This subject had' for its model the famous "Oddsides," a prize-winner I
in over fiftybench shows in England and America. . h
The experts who have seen it, and dog fanciers are indeed critical. ¦ r i
''prohouncc';"POINTING" to be a gem. Senter tersely.describes "Oddsides" I
' as one of ihc most strikingly beautiful dogs ever shown in this country, of |
I orange 'and, white, having a beautifully shaped, strong, rugged, masculine f
I head;- long,, cle^r i neck, deep chest and powerful back; loin and quarters }
i 'perfect, and; legs 'and feet that were simply models. ' . \
The study in-oil brings out every detail of a field scene with a good jj,
The '!p_en fArld and the exquisite coioring of the principal object make i
this a pitttire that possesses merit if a high degree." ">*?: |1
I BE SURE TO GET THE NEXT SUNDAY CALL. % I
: ALL NEWSDEALERS AND TRAIN NEWSBOYS SELL IT. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A KNIFE -FOR. USE
Is the kind you will find my $1.00 Pocket
Knife. Comes in Buckhom or Pearl Han-
dle; '1s made of best material; blades have
finest steel, will hold edge.
Also have a full line Assorted Cutlery, in
all high grade ' makes, such as Wosten-,
holm's, H»nck*Ts, Jordan's, Stiletto, etc.
Scissor* from 2Sc up. Razcrs from $1.00
up, and Star Safety Razors $1.60. ~ '-.
Mall Orders Promptly Filled. '
THAT MAN ¦'¦PITTS.
F.'W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST., Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great fi
dNUSEUti OF AHATOHYt
0 @ K ' A U * £S£7 *?• -«• 5:*S7:S. S.f.W. A
\ "-Jr T*" !-»'?««• AfUtoraic»l Museum in ibe \
I /-<»S«-v ' XVorid - «»»*««>.« er *,.y c.-ntracrrrf A
i. MS? SSN :diset * e !»•¦•«•«•¦•:» '¦re* l»y the oldest V
f) fljR* J DR. JORDAN-D'SEASES 0? HEN Q
\ V ViS^Dli Consultation fret and «»:j<-t1y prvsre. \
U SI Sflt « Trwtraeni prrsoiu.Hr nr by letter. -A A
B hf •'51 H '****— CVrt in trtiy c»»e onderuVep.: - "
flFU lift Write for Rv>k. PMII.OMOI'n V «f A,
¦ " if il^* S*nnl*Cli. MAILED IT.EE. f A V
A M /A T»'iiaWe book for rt»^n). " v
y nit. jronnAK & «'«.. iosi .Mirtpt >*t..s. F. v
Always Rcinc^i>er the Full Name
g axatsve promo o ,':mo
Cores a Ccld in One Day, Crip in 2 Days'The : . Time .Ball on the; tower of the Ferry
building was dropped ' exactly at.noon'to-da}*—
i.vK/ ! at*noon of the 120th meridian/ or at 8
p. m./ Greenwich time. J. C. RURXETT,
- Lieutenant.' TJ. S. N.-. in charge."
Branch. HydrogTaphlc • Office. U.: S.. X."-iMer
z chants' - Kxchange. San Fi-ancisco" Cal..
'¦.¦-'January 4, 1004. ." T . ¦. . . '. ;
Time". Ball.
31.45.*i lbs malt. ."0,000 lbs. Fait. 65. pk'trn
fresh fruits, IS pkga frceh vegetables, 0223
The clramrr City .of ruebla. which sailed
on Saturday for Victoria, carried an assorted
merchandise cargo consigned to - the port of
destination und the principal British Columbian
ports, valued at Jfl5,7Sl and Including the fni-
Exports for llie Xorth.
A Cargo for Tahiti.
The barkentlnc Tropic Bird wag ; cleared
yesterday for Papeete, Tahiti, with an « - s
t-ovted OarB". valued nt $7373 and Including lha
lollowlng: 250 bbls flour, 130.7S3 feet lumber
K575 lbs bran. 12.W0 lbs bread. 40 p» sain on
Mis shingles. 100 bales ha>% MtOO |bs nalt.
•_• J'Kks er<V»ri«-8 and provisions, 30 cs canned
gouds, 4717 lbs ' rice. -845' saJs wine. 54 bdls
Iron. -0 cs tar. 11 cs, paints, ll pkgs naiU;
:; bales twine 5 bales oakum. 3 pkgs paper
1210 gals gasoline, «300 gala distillate, 3 pk,j«
miliwork. /.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
The ship John Kna Is chartered tor eugar
from Honolulu to "New York.
The schooner General Banning leads gen
eral carco here for Mazatlan. v
The recently elected officers of Stan
ford Parlor. Native Sons of the Golden
West, will be installed in the Native
Sons* building to-night, after "which
there will be a social hour.
Stanford Will In-tall.
Ut:t»d States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Tirr> and Height of High and Low Waters
¦ t T'ort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Surprint endrnt.
NOTE- The liticli and low waters occur at
th« • Ity front «MtF£ion-Mreet wharf* about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the Fame at both places.
TUESDAY. JANUARYS.
Sun rises 7 -^i;
Sun Eels .5:05
Moon nres 8:03 p. m.
O ITimej Tinjej [Time] iTimej
« j Ft. j Ft. ! f Ft. | Ft.
" e JH_wj_ L_W| \}t_yr\ |l W|
S ! 1 :3Sj S.li »>:.-:r>: 2.7112:32! 5.R] 7:171—0.7
«! j 2:21 R.ll 7:2Tj 2.6i 1 :.-.O S.3| S:<M|— O.3
7 ! n.fttf S3 8b2 2.4 232) «.8l S-S(M o :;
S j 3:63 5.4| !»:4.-»| 2.2! 3:« 4.Si fl:42! 0»
» J 4:4Oi B.6 1O^g| l.Jti 5 : <»>1 4 O IO42I 15
10 ! S:33l 5.ti'12:0«t! 1.5j C:26| 3.8lll:*4| 2.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the <;arly morning tides are clvcn in the Wt
B*Jld column and the successive tid<-s of the
day in the order cf occurrence as to time* th»
fourth time column itiv«>s the last tide of the
<Jay. exc«pt when there are but three tide- as
sometimes occurs The h^i-nts given are in
addition to the f-our.dir.pK of the UnU*d States
Coast Suney charts, except Mrtaea a minus i— )
eirn precedes the height, and then the number
riven is tutrfacted from the depth piven by
the charts. The plann of reference Is the mean
Of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. ; . j DueT
$*& j Seattle ll.JJan. S
Montara | Tacoma Ijan 5
R. Dollar « Pan Pedro ' Jjan. 5
Pcmo ' Pt. Arena & Albion... -Jan. .".
Bonita I Newport & Way Ports.) Jan. 5
Alameda ..... | Honolulu :..... -Jan. 5
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria. .. .|jan. 5
F. L<gg«t.... Portland A Astoria. ...! Jan. 6
Sequoia San Pedro ..I Jan. 6
Elizabeth Coqullle River ijan. «
¦Spokane Humboldt- ...!Jun. 6
San Pedro Humboldt ...Ijan 7
Arcata j ,-^g Bay & rt Orford.jjan. 7 |
M. Dollar ' San Pedro jjan 7!
Chehalls...... San Pedro ...!jan. 7
Eureka Humboldt I.Ian. 7
Santa Rosa.. San Die*o A Way Pts.Uan. 7
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Ar'ena'jan 7
Queen. ¦. I Puget Sound Ports. .. .|Jan. 7
Czarina i Onps Bay .. ; Jan. 8
laqua... San Pedro Jan. S
Han Juan.. 1 . . -"New York via Panama. Man. «
Wyefleld Nanaimo ..;.¦. .Uan. 0
Centralia' San Pedro ...Jan. H
Xe wburg San Pedro Jan. SI
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 0
Cocs Bay j San Pedro & Way. Ports; Jan. s>
North Fork..- Humboldt !Jan. 3
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Uan. 10
Serbia Seattle - . t | Jan. 10
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma |Jan. 10
State of Cal.. San Diego & ' Way Pts.lJan. 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way.. Ports. . .'Jan. 11
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului. ..jjan. 11
Rainier. 1 Seattle &.WhRtcom". ...IJan. 11
•Alliance. j Portland & Way Pprta.lJan. 12
Mcra ' Ha^mburjc & Way 'Pts. |Jan. 13
Colon I New York via PanamalJan. 13
City Puebla. *:\ Puget Sound PortsT. ...[Jan. 13
¦¦' ¦ TO SAIL. ; •".
Steamer, j : Destination." . I Sails.) Pier.
January 5. - ! I
Aberdeen.. Eureka & Corts B.I 3 pmlPifr 1«
R. Dollar.. Seattle &. Tacoma. I 4 pmlPler 20
S.Barbara. Seattle & Qlympla.l- 4 pmlPler" 2
Pomona Humboldt A. ... |l:30 plPier >4T
January 6. ': I , '
Seqt:ola Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPier 2<>
Noyo Humboldt 4.pm|Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor . .! 4 pm'Pier 20
Mariposa... Tahiti direct ill am Pier 7
Umatllla... Puget Sound PortS.lll am Pier -'4
¦ . - January 7.. • >
G. L'ndauer Astoria & Portland)..' 'Pier —
Porno...... Pt. -Arena & Albionl « pmlPler 2
Chthalls... Grays Harbor .; .".•.... Pier —
Statical.. San Diego & Way. 6 amlPler 11
Sllerla..... China i: ..span:... 1 pmlPier 4't
Curr.cao... . Mexican Ports . 10 amlpier 11
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pralPl.-r l'O
• January 8. I- - : .
laqua Humboldt ..I 2pm|Pler 2
Coiona..... Humboldt 11:30 p PUr M
Boi.Ha Newpcrt & Way..| n am Pier 11
CnlUU.bla;: 'Astoria & Portland 1 11' am I Pier 24
January 9. I' •. I
Newburg... Grays Harbor ....I 4 pmlPier 10
Centralia.:. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
San Pedro.. Humboldt .........[ 4 pm Pier 'I
Eureka.... Humboldt .. ..I 9 am I Pier 13
Arcata..... Coos JJ-Pt. Orford|12 . mtPler 13
Pt. Arenal.j Pt. Arena & Mdcnol 4 pmlPler 2
'Ellraleth.. ! Coqullle River .-...|11 am|Pler24-
Pern. ...... N. Y. via Panama.|t2 ,m|Pler 40
Alameda... Honolulu .....'.....I 2 pmlPle- 7
:. - January 10. • I ¦'-•; \
S. Rosa.... San Diego &;Way.| 0 am!Pier'll
. , January 11. L .:.
Queen...... Pupet Sound Ports.lll am Pier 9
* . ! January X2., (
Coos Bay... San Pedro &. Way. I 0 am Pier 11
do»Biy... San Pedro & Way.l ft am Pter 11
"North Fork Humboldt . . . 1 . . .. . I12v mlPicr 20
. . January " 13. •I"; I .
G. W. EIderI''Astorla;& Porilandill amIPier 24
¦ ¦ January 14. -. I
Centennial'.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 amlPier 20
Rainier.... Seattle 4 pmiPier.lO
-FROM SEATTLE. •' '- '. : ,-"-*.V
Steamer. , For. r | Sails.".
Farallon.....'. Skagway & Way Ports. | Jan. B
A'alencla Skagway & Way Ports.Uan. 8
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. (Jan. fl
Bertha........ Cooks Inlet & Way Pls.'.Tan 10
Al-Kl. ..'..... Skagway & Way Ports. (Jan. 10
Santa Ana...' Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.jJan : 16
Movements of Steamers.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
ARRIVED.
Monday. January 4. *
Stmr G C Lhidauer, Allen, 6S hours from
Gra>s Harbor.
Stmr Snnta Barbara, Zaddart. 35 hours from
Rectoivlo.
Stmr Portland, Lundqulst, S7 hours from
Seattle. *
PtTiir Bamra. Madsen. 16 hnurs from Cas
par; Iioumi south; put in for paspensers.
;~tmr Gipsy, Lcland, 12 hours- from Moss
Landing;.
Stmr National City. Hammar, 15 hours from
Fort Uragg.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 40 hour*
from San IMe^n.
Sjmr t^anta. Monica. Oiscn, 50 hours from'
San Pedro.
S^hr w' F Garms. Larsen. 11 days from
Astoria.
Schr Mabel Gale, Johnson, 6\$ days from
Astoria. •:
CLEAUKD.
Monday. January 4.
Fr ship Marechal Su-jhet, Gautier, Queens
town: J J Moore ¦&, Co.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson. Tahiti; J Pinet
& Co.
SAILED.
Monday. January 4. .'
Stmr Coos Bay. Nicolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Sam<;a. Madsen. Fan Pedro.
Stmr Kureka. Jensen. Eureka.
Stmr Phoenix. Oiland. Mendocino.
Htmr Mackinaw. Storrs. Tacoma.
Stmr Greenwood. Johnson. Albion. ;
Stmr Chlco. Martin. Ccquillp River. »
Ship Spartan, Falkman. Whatcom.
Hark Star of Bengal, Hmderson, Makawell.
, TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT . LOBOS, Jan 4. 1O p m— AVeather
cloudy; wind N\V. velocity 24 miles per hour.
OOMESTtC PORTS.
PORT CAMHT.K— Arrived Jan 4— Schr Spo
kane, from San Pedro.
siiATTLK —Arrived . .fp.n 4— Stmr» Uainier
and Centennial: hence Dec »i.
riaileil .Ian :i — Stmr «. ottajre City, for Ska^r
way. Jjii 4— Stmr Orecon. for Portland. Or;
stvnr Qunn, for fan Francisco '
ASTORIA-tArrivtd Jan S— Stmr Despatch,
heji<-e Jan 1.
Arrived Jan 4— Schr Laura Madsen hence
Dec 20. / . ¦
KELONDO— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr \V II Kru-
Ker, from Port Harford: stmr Centralia, hence
Jan 2: stmr Newburg:. from Grays 'Harbor.
Hailed Jan 4— Stinr Pasadena, for Eureka;
stmr W Jl Krugcr. for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Jan 4— Stmr Marsh
field, for San Francisco. ,
TACOSIA— Arrived Jan 3— Br shin Clan Rob
ertgan. fiv m Antwerp. Jan 4— Schr Alice Mc-
Donald, from Fan Pedro. Dec 31 Schr F S
ncdfield, h«»nce Deo 17.
Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Tacoma. from Toko
hama.
Sailed Jan 4— Fr bark VHle de Mulhouse, for
Queenstown. -.-; .
UMPQUA— Sailed Jan 1— Schr Lily, for San
Francisco: *chr Beulah. for San Pedro
POKT HARFORD— Sailed Jan 4, 10 a m—
Stmr Bonita. for San Francisco.
l'ORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 4— Schr
Ar?ui=. l-.^nw Dec 23.'
Pa ft ed In Jan 4— Stmr Tacoma, from Toko
hama: «fhr Alice McDonald, from San Pedro,
fcr Tacoma.
Sailed Jan 4— Br bark Highlands for Phila
delphia.
Arrived Jan 4— S.-hr Forest Home hence
Dec 27. for Port . Blakeley.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Jan. 4 — Schr Sailor
Boy hence Deo 27.
Sailed Jan 4— Schr Chaa E Falk, for San
Francisco. v
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Newsboy,
hence Jan 2. . .
Sailed Jan 4— Stmr Scotia." for San Fran
cisco. ¦ " •¦••¦/
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 3— Stmr
Grace Dollar, funce. Dec CO.
Sailed Jan . 4— Schr Chas E r Falk, for San
Francisco. ,
' Arrived Jan 4— Schr Sailor . Boy hence
Dec • 27. - ,
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 4— Stmr Olympic,
rtrnce Jan I, for Falrhaven.
Passed in Jan 4— Stmr City of Puebla,.
licncc Jan 2. for. Victoria and Puget Sound
porte; bktn ¦Willie R Hume, from Haiphong
Passed out Jan 4 — Tug Samson, for Astoria
Beating out; Jan -4— Schr v Mary ¦ E ¦ Foster"
from Port Blakeley. for Honolulu. "
: BLA3NE — Sailed.. Jan 4 — Schr Ludlotf for
gan Pedro. ¦ ¦ " - ....•-. • *"'
COOS- BAY— Sall«»<l Jan 4— Stmr Alliance "
for Portland: stmr. Czarina, for San Francisco
Arrived Jan 4— Schr Jessie • Minor, hence
Dec 27. v
- ISLAND PORT.
MANILA— Arrived Dec 20 — Br Btmr Indranlf
Shipping Intelligence.
lbs meals. 461 lbs *eed, 4no lbs pea*. 231 lbs
lentils, l»50 lbs hops, 702 ce canned good".
245 lbs 2 c.« cheese, 1476 lbs coffee, SOO lbs
bran. 10 rs table', preparations,- 1044 lbs >at
tobacco. 20C0 lbs chocolate, 9 pkRs groceries
r.Ti'l provisions. 12 cs " syrup. 6 bbls bakinsr
jiowder. l/>5 pals wine. 60,000 lbs of cake m?al,
3210 Ib? rtarch, 1U9.D90 lbs piR lead. 20.10 lbs
Iea«l pipe. 21 pkgs electrical supplies. 2 pk*«i
Fev.'inK machines. 4 bales hair, 250 tins
mate-he*. B rolls leather. 16 pkgs arms and
ammunition, 25 pkgs ir.achinerv, 3 bbls 2 cs
oil.
SCHOONERS W.G. GARMS,
ROY SUMMERS AXD MA
BEL GALE NOW IN PORT.
TONOPAH MINES.
* Bld.As*.l Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 19 Ray A OBrien — 14
Esperanza ... — 01 Rescue 05 07
Gipsy Queen.*—" 28 Ton Belmont. — 75
Gold Anchor. 10 — Ton of Nev. — 6K
MacNamara . 00 14 Ton N' Star. S3. —
Mont Ton..l 15 t I7H Ton Midway.. 42 44
Paymaster .. 08 12'
Three li'mb^r-Iaden schooners, 1 the W. F.
Garros. Ttoy Summer* and Mabel Gale, passed
Point Reyes yesterday morning In company.
The Garms and Gale were from Portland, the
Roy • Summers from Grays Harbor, and- all
bound to this port. ¦ When the Weather Bu
reau observer righted the schooners they wert
traveling fouth at steamship speed, runnlnfj
before a wind that on the official jftuge at
Point Rcy«"s registered its gait as fifty miles
en hour. The three vessels arrived in the af
ternoon. . . ...¦"."•'-
Pass 1'oint Hcjcs in Company.
Ths British ship OlivehanU. rocentiy dis
masted on the voyr.so from Shanghai for Royal
Hoa'js. anrl which put into tlifW i.-ort in distress,
l'-ft the quarantine ancliorapp yesterday and
Ocir'.v.d at LonibarJ-fitrfPt wharf. While in
guarantine th<* •Uivebank's ballast was thrown
overboard nnd th» ' vessel's hull now stands
higl: cut. of itm Water, giving her more the ap
pcarahct of an iron balloon than a Epculmcn of
marine _ arthitfeturc. The damags sustained
throuRh t!if carrying away of the rr.asts will
tx: estimated to-<lay. when representatives ot
thp owners and underwriters .will make a thor
iiug:h survey of the. thlp. .mie will probably be
repaired hern and there will be considerable
competition among local firms for the work.
Captain Armstrong, who was appoint
ed commander of the Coptic to succeed
Captain Rinder, arrived from England
Saturday night and to-day will take
charge of the liner. Armstrong was
formerly chief officer of the Belgic and
has many friends in this city. He was
lately in command of the White Star
line's Persic, running between Liver
pool and Sydney. Captain Beadnell will
resume his position of chief officer. This
is the second trip that Beadnell has
made in command. He has proved his
fitness for the accompanying responsi
bilities and probably before long will
have more constant use for the gold
vizored cap that only captains may
wear.
The passengers included the following
named:
From Honekcng— Dr. G. ii'E. Brown*. W.
\V. Curtis Charlts P. Fcnnfr. Charles L. Hall.
Mrs. J. M Turner and child.
Yokohama— W. C. Grieve. W. M. Ktrr. Rev.
C. W. Kennedy. BertJicld Levy, Liuctenant H.
V. Simpson, R. N.
Honolulu — J II. Fan ton, Mr?. J. 11. Fantnn.
Mrs. II. B. Wilson. Mi>s n. Wilson, «Irs. T.
Washington, infant and n-.airl.
Dismasted Olivebank Docks.
The Coptic, which docked early at the
Pacific Mail wharf, brought a cargo
which once upon a ; time would have
made the liner popular in pirate cir
cles. Of treasure she brought Chinese
gold coin valued at $625,000. She also
brought one of the richest cargoes of
raw silk ever brought across the Pa
cific. It consisted of 1500 bales and is
worth 51,200,000.
On account of the holidays and the
popular desire for the domestic fireside
at Christmas few passengers traveled
on the Coptic. Among them were three
commissioners from the Philippines to
the St. Louis Exposition — Dr. G. d'E.
Browne, Charles P. Fenner and Charles
I... Hall. Lieutenant H. V. Simpson of
the British navy was also a passenger.
Christmas occurred twice and was
twice celebrated on the homeward voy
age of the steamship Coptic, which ar
rived from the Orient on Sunday too
late to pass quarantine. The liner
crossed the ISOth meridian December
25, and in order to be up to date with
the Occidental calendar that date had
to servo for two days, both registered
in the Coptic's log as December 25,
Christmas day.
Captain Bcadnell always takes good
care of his passengers, and as a repeat
ing Santa Claus proved a success. He
was ably assisted by Purser A. E. Ren
nie and Surgeon R. B. lronet, and the
success of the celebration may best be
judged by the uncertainty among some
of the passengers as to whether they
really celebrated two Christmases ' or
whether the celebra'tion Just seemed
double.
from Tokohama.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW TORK— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Callfor
nian, hence Nov 2.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TCHIO— Arrived Doc 19— Fr bark Ernest
Siegfried, hfnee Oct 22.
l'UNTA AREXAS— Arrived Dec 18— Ger
stmr Anubis, frcm Hamburg, for San Fran
cisco. . • •
HARWICH— Arrived Jan- 1— Br ship to'unty
of (.althneas. from San Diego.
OUATAQUir^— Palled Jan 2— Ger stmr Mem
phis, fcr San Francisco.
IPSWICH— In port Dec 12— Fr ship Vauban.
for Wales and Sail Francisco.
ROTTERDAM— In port Dec 15— Br ship
Greta, for J^ith and Honolulu.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Jan 2— Bktn
Wrestler, from Grays Harbor.
BATA VIA— Arrived Dec 20— Br stmr Inver
ne«s. from Mororan.
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec 31— Br atmr
Himera. from Tokohama.
'i'ALTAI.— Arrived Dec 16— Fr bark Louis
Payeur. irom Hamburg.
TOOCHOE— Sailed Dec 30— Br stmr Himera.
for Hongkong.
WN ULAS— Sailed Jan 2— Stmr San Juan,
for Han Francisco.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Jan' 1— Bktn
John Smith, from Puget Sound
CORONEL— Arrived Jan 2— Stmr Arizonan.
henco Dec 10. for New Tork, and will sail
Jan 6 for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arnv«»<J prior to Jan 4— Br
stmr Athenian, from Vancouver: Jap stmr lyo
Maru. from Seattle; stmr China, from San
Francisco and Honolulu, for Nagasaki, Shang
hai and Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMERS. '
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Ultonia,
from Boston, via Queenstown
CHRISTIANIA— Sailed Dec 30— Stmr Hekla,
for New York.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed J«n 4— Stmr Pr:torla,
from Hamburg and Boulogne, for New Tork.
The German thip Emilie, bound from Ant
•••erp tor Port !.•>* Ans p l*f : . has put intn Stan
ley. Fslk!an<] Inlands, with her decks leaking
end Tiffing damaged.
The' thip Governor Robic, which put int
Montevideo *rmc days ago in' dieTress. jeste;
tlay resumed her voyage lor this port.
Seeks Tort to Make Repair?
Governor Robic Resiune^ Trip.
Th» rat»s of reinsuranr* on th-* Paris and
lwh Bt»<lsn. th» only ves»»!« at present on th»
cmiill lift. T\er» advanced yesterday to so iier
cent in earn case.
Hi^h Rates on Overdue^.
Th» following nff^ctf the list nf bf-acons and
*>uoy*. riciflr CoaM. 1I>O3— J-'iu^law River en
trance, rages 40 anj 47 — Siuslan- Itiver buny.
a B. & W. P. B. an Kill flaaa can. report«-n
*»3rlft December 24. will b*» rpplaced as fnnn
as rra r ti<-abl<". Juan do Fuca Strait, rage
'f, — Point Wilson buoy No. «. a r«l fin"t-cla!"s
nun, is irporlfi drifted about thr^e -quart or?
of a mi> t« th« westward <-f ?.Iarrowst'->n»»
Print. December 31. 1003. an<l will b* 1 rcpla<"eil
ttm «=<v>n as practicable. By order of the Light
house Board.
C. G. CAUKINS.
Ccttrr.ander, U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
The following afTects the lift of lights and
toe eirnsis. Pacific Coast. l»03:
Oregon end Washington— I-owrr Sands Post
LlarU, page 2*. after No. f»5 (list of beacons
•Jid bucyo, Pacifl'- C^ast, V.»"3. race .%3>— On
rr aboutJanuary 1^ the <-nlcr of this UjcW will
be changed frnni fixed whit<> to flx«d rc«l.
Notice to Mariners.
"WATER STOCKS. 1 ' " .
Contra Costa — • 41 iPort Ceata^'. — i —
Marin Co . . 6O 70 IS V W Co. 38»; 38 T 4
' GAS AND ELECTRIC.
C«nt L t P. — 4 Sac B &QK. — —
Mutual EL. 88- S F G'AIE- «* J M^
Fac G Im.. — — Ptkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... M — U G A; E,. — 39/
TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES.
SFG&E. 64 — .(. -'
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd325 350 | .'
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.120 130 L, P t A.V. — 170 '
AnBlo-Cat' .. S5 91 Mer Trust .. — 235
Bank of Cal. 460 Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S T* Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — — . ' - . - ¦ ;.;.'
?' SAVINGS BANKS.
Oer S & I,. — 2275 |3av & L So. — 105
Hum S & I,. — — Sec Sav Bk:400 500
Mutual Sav.100 no Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 — ' -
I STREET RAILROADS. v'/i
California ..199 205 I Presidio .... 38 41
Geary — so . | >->•,
POWDER.
Giant 62 — | ViRorit .....— »
SUGAR. *
HanR P Co. — 89c iKilauea, S C, 2V» 5
Hawaiian C. 44 4P.4 MakaT.ell :C. 23H —
Jlonokaa S O 12 '4 13 Vi Onomea-S C. — 31
Hutch S P C 8H 8M Paauhau S C — 15 •
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala«ka P A. 736 137^6 Oceanic S C— ,;'1V
Cal F C A. 92 »S Pac Aux FA 5 —
Cal "^-ine A. 92 93 Fac C Borx.187 —
.. - , Morning Stsslon.
Board —
8 Alaska Packers' Assn : 139 00
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 138 78
ft Alaska Packers' Assn 13S BO
25 Hawaiian Commercial "t Sugar. 44 BO
25 Makaweli 23 SO
$1,000 S F & S J V bonds 117 00
Street—
$13,000 8 F & SJ V bonds. ....*... ..117 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Alanka Packers* Assn * .138 37%
.10 Alaska Packers' Assn 137,78
10 Alaaka Packers': Assn 137 25
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 44 00
15 Hutchlneon S P Co • S 60
$1,000 North Shore 5 per cent 98 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma ....
Apollo 42 ....
Associated Trust" Certificates. 18
Aztec ; • 82*4
California Standard '
Caribou. 150 175
Central Point Con ; ....
1 Chicago Crude 19
Claremont 41 ....
Esperanza l 50 ....
Four . 67 70
Fulton 4 00
Giant
Hanford 142 CO
Home .... 1 15
Imperial .... ....
Independence 14
Junction is
Kern 4 75
Kern River 12 50 ....
I-lon .... 02
Monarch (of Arizona) 40 ....
Monte Crlsto «5 ....
Occidental of "W Va .... 1"
OH City .Petroleum 24
Peerless 13 75
Plttsburgr .... - .... !
Reed Crude .". 4
S F & McKlttrlck ....
San Joaquin O &. D ;... ....
Senator j 62 ....
Sovereign ..... 37 39
SUrling 2 60 ....
Superior 05 07
Thirty-three .... 7 50
Toltec 19 20.
Twenty-eight -5 00
West Shore 3 00
Miscellaneous —
Abby I .and & Improvement. .... ....
Alameda Sugar- *...
American Biscuit 75 00 ....
American District Tel ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp.. .... ....
California Cotton Mills 89 00 95 00
California Jockey Club ....
California Shipping Co ....
Cal Title Ins & Trust ....
Central Rank of Oakland ....
Chutes Company ....
Cypres3 Uwn Imp Co 6 50 7 0O
Fischer's Theater .... 2 00
Gas .Consumers' Assn ...... .... ....
Honolulu Sugar •.... - ....
Northern Cal Power . ...
North .Shore Railroad ....
, Orphettm Company 18 00 ....
Pacific States Tel & Tel... .... ....
Pa raf fine Paint ...35 00 ....
Pan Francisco Dry Dock . ... >
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 1 50. ' ¦ ....
Saunallto Land & Ferry.... .... ....
Spcrry Flour Company I.... '. .. . ....
Standard Electric
Tesla Coal Company 1 : 25 00 - 30 CO
Truck ee Electric • .... #
Union Bugar ; .... '
United Gas & Electric .... ....
..SALES. .,..
Morning Session.
ti»O sterling, b 90 \ 2 75
I>0O Claremont ¦ 40
20 Twenty-eight Oil ¦ 5 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
:«n 7-10 Reed Crude 4 60
500 Superior 05
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were th# sales on 'the Pan Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. .
f0<» Alpha 10; 100 Ophir ]..3S5
200 Andes 26 500 Ophtr 3 «0
700 Andes . 271 200 Overman .... 25
I 200 Belcher :«M 70O Potosl 26
400 Belcher 33 1500 Savage T6
K0O RdPlier ..... 34 10O Savage 57
200 Caledonia ... J»5 300 sierra Nev . . «»
1W>O Chollar 27, BCn Sierra Nev . . • f«
600 Con C t.Va.l H3 IM sierra Ner . . 17
•JfSO Con C-& Va.l SO- 300 SMfrra Nev .. K5
1000 Crown Point.. 20 WOO Sift-er Hill ..62
2M> Crown Point.. 21 B00 Union Con .. 72
5O0 Gould & Citr. 50 nno Union Con ..73
BOO Hal* &- Nore. 75 SOO Utah .15
2f>O Justice i:t 300 Utah '.... IS
7CO Mexican I « 400.Vellow Jacket 2«
inn Ophir 3 70 200 Tellow Jacket 27
• 200 Ophir 3 75 400 Tellow Jacket 23
Afternoon Session, j
..V1O Andes ....... 25 100 Julia ./..:... f«
:;00 Belcher ..... 34 S00 Justice IS
100 Caledonia ... 05 BOO Mexican 1 H»
ino Challenge Con t . 2» 10O Mexican I M
inn Challenge Con..2S BOO Overman 25
200 Chollar 26 BOO Savage ' 56
10O Chollar .• . 27' 20O Seg Be'cher.. U
fiOO Con C ft-Va.l 40P KM Sierra N*v .. f«
400 Con NT 11 20O SUver Hill .. fil
10rt Con N Y 12 1C0 Tellow Jacket 23
100 Hale & Norc. 75'. ;
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
, * \ Morning Session.
10O Andes 27 400 Ophir '. 3 70
100 Andes 2« 200 Ophir 3 4<»
700 Relcher . .12 1C0 Ophir'..." 3 BO
. BOO Belcher "^5 300 Overman. .... 25
200 Best & Belch. 2 20 .100 Overman .... 26
100 Bullion 09 BOO Potosl ....../¦ 25
10O Caledonia ... 05 900 Potosl 24
7C0 Caledonia ... 96 200 Scorpion Ki
5fiO Con C & V.I 32S 2-V> Seg Belchfr".. 10
500 Con C AaVa.t 35. CM> Sierra Nev .. fiS
200 Con C & Va.l SOflSOO Sierra Nev .. ht>
2f>O Crown Point. 2O ! .2OO Sierra Nev .. »'K
2OO Oould & Cur. 44 '100 Sierra Nev . . «7
100 Hale & Nore. 71 BOO TTnion Con .. 74
R00 Mexican .....1 «5 100 Utah IS
ROO Mexican .....1 70 .".no Utah 17
1500 Mexican 1 60 ROO Yellow. Jacket 27
S00 Ophir .3 50 ' 300 Yellow Jacket 2t$
Afternoon Session. , ' ¦.;:, ' •
- 200 Alpha Con... 10 100 Ophir ..: 3 SO
200 Andes ; 23 300 Overman . . . . ¦ • ?«
50O Challenge Con 2S 20O Savage B2
5PO Con C & Va.l. 40 100 Savage 54
100 Con C & V.I 42^-i '2f>0 Se&- Belcher.. 12
100 Con C & V.l'37'4 200 Rte ra Nev .. 67
100 Confidence ... 90 SOO Silver- T ;ill ..' 61
700 Crown Point.. 22 ROO Unifi Con .. 74
1100 Gould A Cur. fO 10O Uoio\ Con .. 72
200 Mexican .....1 •'..- 20O UnloiiCon .. 71
3OO Mexican 1 7R( 100 Utah ...:.... 17
200 Ophir -..'..3 70. 200 Utah 1«
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
. Following were the sales on th« San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining; Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. ; , '.
3000 Mont Ton..l 17^1 40O Mont Ton .1 22Vi
, 2C0 Mont Ton ...1 20 10^0 Ton N Star.. 33
100 Mont Ton \.l 23! ' , " •
-Afternoon Session. *'•' - ' ¦
S00 Mont Ton..l*17H] 400 Ton Midway.. 47
HDO Rescue ...... 071 ', .., . • .
,' CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Jan. i — I p. m ¦'
¦ Bid v As H; , ' ¦•-¦ ¦ Bid. Ask.
Alpha l» 12 Justice. is 14
Alta «'« 10 Kentuck ..... 04 03
Andes ....... 2S -4 Keyes Oraes. 1 75
Belcher' "1 |« Lady Wash... — 0^
Best & Belch.2 25 2 Bo Mexican 1 «5 1 70
Bullion 1« 12|0ccidental ... 07 60
Caledonia ... 1U 95|Ophlr 3 B5 3 75
Challenge Con !M - 27 Overman .... 24 25
Chollar 26 27iPotosi ....... 23 25
Confidence ... «*>: AlSavage .53.-54
Con C t Va.l '35 1 4O Scorpion .¦...." m ' 05
Con.Imoerial. " O:: OS Seg Bslcher.. 12 14
Con NT ..... 10 11 Sierra Nev ... 64 67
Crown Point. 20 ,21 Silver, .Hill-'..' «O «t
F.ureka Con.. — ;-."¦ 50'St Loui« .... 12 1«
Exchequer ... 11 'IS; Syndicate ... 0< os
Could & Cur. 45 4*5) Union Cori . . \ 69 70
Hale & Norc. 70 72|Utahr:. ...... 14 15
Julia ":.*....:. ''05 C6 Yellow Jacket 23 20
Until word is received from relatives
It ¦will not be known where the re
mains will be buried.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 4.— Captain R.
Fulton, master of the British ship An
caios, died at the Good Samaritan Hos
pital last night from injuries received
last Thursday afternoon.
"While boarding his vessel Captain
Fulton fell from the gangplank, strik
ing on the ballast log between the hull
of the vessel and the dock. He was
picked up unconscious and hastily re
moved to the hospital. Captain Fulton
¦was bcrn at Great Village, Nova Scotia,
sixty-five years ago, and for more than
forty years he had been master of a
ealllng vessel, visiting on various oc
casions every important pert in the
world. He had been in command of
the Ancalos from the day she was
launched at Glasgow, thirteen years
ago. The deceased captain drew the
plans for the vessel, and at the time
of his death was one of her principal
owners. He has two brothers who hold
similar positions on British ships. One
of them is in command of the An
dromeda and the other of the Queen
Elizabeth: Captain Fulton's home is
still in Nova Scotia, but for the past
few months his wife has been residing
«.t Birkenhead, Enpland. A son and
a daughter live in San Francisco. The
latter was accompanying her father on
the last trip, but arriving at the bay
city a month ago she and tlfe second
mate were married.
The report urges that appropriations
be made without delay for the fcrrtifl
cation of both Subig Bay and Manila
Bay. \
"The policy of Congress may be as
sumed to be to hold the Philippines in
American possession as against any for
eign enemy, but, although the Islands
have been In our possession now more
than 'five years, not a gun haS " been
mounted nor an earthwork raised .to
protect any of our" harbors."
The report recites that the board has
the honor to submit to the Government
its judgment that the" national policy
as expressed in Congress cannot be
maintained in war unless -provision is
made for defense.
The board, it is said, is unanimously
of the opinion:
"That without a fortified naval base
in the Philippines the Asiatic fleet can
not keep open the lines of communica
tion for supplies from the United States
or between the army posts -within the
Philippines, without which supplies the
military forces of the United States
could not hold command of the islands.
/'That Manila is not. but that Subig
Bay is, suited for a naval base and sta
tion, and of all harbors in the archi
pelago it is the best for the purpose.
"That the fortification of Subig Bay
is essential to the security of a naval
station located there.
"That a fortified naval base on Subig
Bay will contribute materially to the
defense of Manila Bay."
WASHINGTON', Jan. 4.— A report
submitted by the joint Army and Naval
Board, of which Admiral Dewey is the
Benior member, relative to fortifications
for the Philippines, transmitted to the
House" to-day by Secretaries Root and
Moody, says:
Dead Seaman Drew Designs
of the Vessel He Commanded
and Was One of Her Owners
Selects Subig Bay for Naval
Base, ' and Urges Congress
to Provide for Its Defense
MASTER FOB FORTY YEARS
OPINION IS UNANIMOUS
Captain Fulton, of Ship An
caios 3Iisses Footing 1 on Gang
plank and Is Fatally Injured
Joint Army and Naval Board
Says AVe Cannot Maintain
Philippines "Without Them
Liner Brings From the Orient One of the Most Cargoes
Ever Brought Across the Pacific— -It 'Includes GhinesevGold
Worth $625,000 and Raw Silk Valued - at . ¦•$ 1 ,200,000
SKIPPER FALLS
TO HIS DEATH
FORTS NEEDED
FOR ISLANDS
COPTIC PICKS UP EXTRA CHRISTMAS
DAY AND CELEBRATES HOLIDAY TWICE
THE SAN , FRANCISCO. CALL, ,, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1904.
Continued From Page 'Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
12
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
•t 0:30 «. mn throaarh; In 3 days.
with dlser and all trapping*.
Other Santa Te Trains:
T :30 a. m. 1 for Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
»:30a. m. i Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
8:00 p. m. J
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
S-.00 t m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
• Chicago.
TICKET OTTlCn — 641 Market St.. anA
Perry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad*
iray. Oakland. Cal. 37 South rirat
-- St* San-Joie. ¦' ¦ -¦¦'*¦%
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE '
SAN FRANCIttO ANj NuRTH PACIFIC
KAILWAT COMPANY.
Tlbnron Perry, Poot of Market Street.
SAW r BAH CISCO TO SAN BATAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 0:0O 11:00 a. m. : 12:::».
3:30. 8:10. 6:."0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
. at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30 11:00 a. m.: 1:30.
3:30 6:00 6:20 11:30 p. m. . %
SAK BAFAEL TO SAN PBANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:35 7:.V> 9:20. 11:13
a. m.: 12:50,' 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:B5. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
¦ • Leave I In Effect | Arrive
Pan Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. ISan Francisco.
TVe*>k I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. I Days.
7:30a 8:C0a 9:10a S:4Oa
9:30 a Ignacla 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7 :35 p
7:50a ! 9:10af P:40a
»:0Oa . ' N'evato. 10:4OalO:20a
3:3f)p 9:30a Petaluma Bffip 6:20 p
ijlO p 3:30 p and J:Mp
6:00 p .8an»a Rosa.
7:30 a! ~\ / 10:40 a 10:20 a
I 8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p| 3:30 p| • .--v.-
| Windsor.
7:30 a S:00a> Healdsburs. 10:40a 10:20 a
Il.ytton.
OeyservIHe. 7:33 p 6:20 p
Cloverd«l«.
7:30 a> fi:00a| Hopland. 110:40 a[10:2» a
3:30p| 3:S0p| and Uklah | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:COal Wllllts. ' 7:33 p| 6 :20~p
7:30 al 8:00 at 110:40 a|10:2O a
3:SOp|3:30p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:C0a[ Sonoma, I 9:10 al 8:40 a
.5:10 p| 8:00 p[ Glen Ellea. | 6:03 p[ 6:20 p
*7T30a| 8:00 al . 110:40 al 10:20 a
3:30 p! 3:30 pt SebaMapol. J 7:35 pf 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Bras for San
Quentin: ' at- Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton /or Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at Gey.
¦ervllle for Ska;gs Springs; at Cloverdal« for
th* Geysers. • Booneville and Greenwood* at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Sprtnes
K>l*eyvllle. Carlsbad Spring*. Soda Bay. Lake'
port And Bartlett Springs: at Uklah. for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Spring*. Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside Llerty'si
Bocknell's Sanhediln Heights. Hullviile Orr*ii
Hot' Springs. Halfway House. Comptche,' Camn
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City.. Fort Bragr
Wettport,' Usal: at Wllllts for <Fort Bras*
Wfstport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton.
\ille. Cummlngs. '•Bell's Spring*. Harris oi-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. 'Pepperwoed. Scotia
and -Eureka. - v ¦ • . . TT . •• -
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced .rates. ¦
On 'Sunday round- trip, tickets to all points
beyond* Ian Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket "of fleet. 630 Market street Chronic!*
building. . |Ml#*igWtl|jnsMM
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. ftYAN\
. Gen. .Manager. G«a. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
, Leave • Tu Snaliss Isifj Arrive
S*«Frandac« 1m\ «f Kirkst fc, San Frandxo
Week Sotv " .*\^JHt^* 'Soa» Week
Mi^ss mm I H5S^s
ZZZ i-45* * : - 6Or 9:ao *
. ' ***** TiA ttip W T , Wsjsa tit tJOtm tmjT
TIClir J 626 MAsrcrr ST.,(North Shore Railroadi"
WnOS I and Sausauto Fautav. Foot Maiks Su
HB&9B&EM tsj* H 'ifclB 1 # *'J> MtP'laf* s»s» lawts si mam ¦ ¦ •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We perspire a pint a,
day without knowing it ;
ought to; if not, there's
trouble ahead. The ob-
structed skin becomes
sallow or breaks out in
pimples. . The trouble goes
deeper, but this is trouble
enough.
If you use Pears 1 Soap,
no matter how often, the
skin is clear and soft and
open a-nd clear.
Sold all over the world.
Every Woman
***?^>^VVM\ Is interested »n<5 should know •
*V?A^ * W UK) t\k about the wonderf nl
W^Kx W% MARVEL Whirling Spray
U»^§tV v :§8»-N><3 TbenewTaftaslSyrtaf*. y^/«-
>. J f* *5L' ".^i. - tion and Surtien. Belt— saf-
> £S^_^__ est— Mort Convenient.
v -^y-^« l ' l! <V/^>\ UUtuin luiuU;,
•ItTtwImFnftrS. ys /Shm. •*m.~^*-~0^'^
jrr>«-»ntiotsori>iyil»«. \J9*^T '"%#% "& *_
rtter.lwtfjnd stamp f"r U- /^'^<\/
luftrsted boot-***!'*.!! f iret \!i, 0 ''',f
fnllpartl'tilsrsa!id«1ireci!nn»ln. la
*Bju»Lble to ladle*. '•lABVlXtO,, '
Times Uis-t X'" Toik.
J; ->• ADVEBTISEME^TSL r
Awry I f^t^^^'-/>i>-V'- 5. "1
Positively cured hy these
Uttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizz&css, Nausea, Drerrsl-
kss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Ccated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regidate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose*
v Small Price.
HAIL WAY TBAVEL.
SOUThilERrrPAcTFIC
f (Main Line. Foot of Mtrfcet Street >
*L«AT« - YJOM I>BC«MBIB29. laO3. - 4THIITB
*7 00* V«ca?llle. Winters. Kum»ey... fS5?
- 7.00a Benlcla. SuUan. Elmlr. and S*cra-
menlo l'"Sl ••' 3 *
7J0a Vullejo. Na?x Call»tos». SanU
• Kosa. Martlne*. S.n Ramon..... 825?
7J0a Nlles. LlTermore. Tracy, Lataroa.
Stockton iZ'ZILT '¦*¦"
B.OOa Shist* Express— (Via Di'lit,
Willows, tfruto. Ker» JJloI.
Portl»nd. Taeama. SeattK. 7.63P
8 00a Dnvlt, Woodland. KnJzSts Laadlas.
M.ryivnie, Oro»!lle ;-;/v 7 ' 55 *
8J0a Port Cost*. Martinez. AntlocS.
Byroa, Trscy. Stockton. New-
rasn. Los U«aos. Mendota.
Armona, Haaford. VU.lla,
rorterTll!e •• y •" # « zw
»J3a Port Costa. Slartlae*. Trscy. Ljtb-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno.
lioitj-n Jonctton. Haaford. .
Vital!*. IUkerstJeld ¦¦¦••" *¦"»
8.30a Uiies. 8*n Jose, Llverraore. Stock-
ton. (+Mltton). lone. Sacrasaento.
PlacerTllls. Marysrllle. Cbic«.
Ked Bluff ••• 4Z5P
8.30a Otkdtle. Chtnese. Jamestown. So-
norm. Toolumae «nd Angels..... f2|»
9 00a Atisntle Express— Of den *nd Rw. 11.25 a
8.30a Richmond, Martlne* and way
Stations ••••• ¦ BSP
1000a The OTerland Limited — Olden.
Denrer. Qiaaha. Chicago. 8 25*
10.00a Vallejo ••••• '225*
1000a Los Aaselei Passenger - Port
Coita, Mtrttnez, Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno, Ooshen June-
tton. Hanford, Lemoore.. Visalla.
E.'><9rsfleld. L«« Angeles k. iS^
12.00m Hayward. Nlles and Way Sutlont. S-25F
f.00F Sacramento Ulrer Steamers fil-OOT
iSOr Benlcla. Winters. '8»cr«mento,
WooUlsnd. Knight* Landing. .
MarysTllle. Orotnn «nd w«y
stations
J.30* nsyward.U«es and Way StaUons.. 765?
3.30r Port Cost*. Martinez. Byron,
Tracy. Lalhrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Way 8ta-
tlonsbeyoud Port Costa.. IZ-zS*
3.30p Martinez. Trscy. Stockton. Lo41... 1025a
4.C0f M»r«nez,SsnKaiPon.ValleJo,Ntpa,
Callstoga. S»nts TRosa. »? 5 *
4 OOp Nlles. Tracr. Stockton. Lodt 4-2Sr
4J0r Hayward. Nlles. Irrlngton. SanJ tS.SSA
Jose. Ltvermora I til. 55*
5 OOr The Owl Lrmtted— Nawmin, Los
Banos. Mendota. Froano. Tnlare,
BakersSeld. Los Angeles.
Golden State- Limited Sle«per.
Otkland to Lo« Aneelei, for CM-
tWxtif R.I. ftp «; 8.59a
B.COr Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton 12-2Sr
t5 JOr Hayward. Nlies and San Josa ..... 7.2 j a
600t Hayward. Nlles and 6aaJese 9 55*
6 COr Eastern Express — Ogden. DanTer. — v :
Omaha, St. Lonls. Cnlcago and
I East. Port Costa. Benlela. Sal-
tun, Klrntrn, D»v!s, Sacramento,
Rockltn. Anbarn. Colfax,
Trnckee. Boea, Reno. Wadt*
worth, Wlnnemncca 8-2S*
S.OOp Vanelo. dally, except Sunday.... » TU ,
7-OIf Tsllejo, Sunday only I toar
7. OOp hlrhmond. dan Pablo. Port Costa.
MsrUnas and Way Stations 11. 25a
8X5p Oregon ft California Express— 8ao-
\ ramento, Msryavtlle. Reddlnc.
» Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-53*
9.10? Hayward. Nlles and San Jose (Saa*
dayoalT) 11-55*
; COAST LINE (Sarrnw Uaage).
, (Koot of Marlcet S:reet.)
8 15a Kewark, OenterTli'e. San Josa,
Felton. Bnnlaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way St«tlons 5 53*
t2 15p Kewark. Centerrllle. San Jose,
Kew Almaden. Los GatocFeUnn,
Bonlder Creek. Santa Crua and
Principal Way Stations *I0^5a
4 15p Newark, San Jose, Los Satos and I »8 55 »
way stations ( t13 55*
c3 30p Hcnters Train, Satnrtsy anly. San
Jose and Way Stations. Retarn-
. Ing from Los Gstns Sanrtsy only. J7 28>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN t UANC1SCO. Foot of Market St. (3:i?«»
— 1*:13 f:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 00 S-ISr.x
From OAKLAND. Koot of Hroadway — tt>:0(> 13:1*
13:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 2 CO 4 00F.M.
COAST LINE (Ur<w.l ««!?«).
m PT^ » Tjh 1 rd and Townscnrt Streets.)
610* San Jose acd Way Stations 8 33p
7 CO* San Jose and W»y Stations 5.38'
8.00a New Almaden <Tne«.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
8 00a The Coaster— Stops only San Jos«.
tiilroy (connection for Holllsr ,
• ter). Pajaro. CastroTllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey .
and Pacific Grore), Salinas. Saa
Ardo. Paso Robles. Santa Mar-
garita. San Lais Oblspo. principal
stations thence Surf (connection
for Loinpoc). principal stations
thence. Santa Barbara.San Buena-
Tentura. San^rus. Los Angeles... 10 45*
t.COA gan Jose. Tres Plnos. Capttola,
Santa Cruz.Pae!9eGroTe,Saltnas,
San Lnis OblsjMt and Prtncl?*!
Way Station* '. 4.10>
10-30* Pan Jose and Way Stations 1.20P
11 30a Santa Clara, sun Jose. -Los Gatos
- and Way Station* ; 730p»
1-30r,Ssn Jcme and Way Stations 8 45a
A-bOr Der Monte Kxprets— Santa Clara.
; San Jo»r. Del Monte. Monteray.
Pacific GroTe (connects at Ssnta>
C7ara tor Santa Cruz. Boulder
ireek nnd Narrow Gauge Polnts>
st Ul'.roy for HoUlster. Tres
Pino*. Rt'Caatrnvliie forSatlnas. l?.15t»
3S0r Tres Plnos War PaMenzer 10 4ii
4 30p ban Jose anl Wsr St*tl<">ns r3 00a
t5 00c !<»n Jose. (tU SanU Clara) Los
Gatos. and Principal Way Sta-
tion* (exc-nt Sun<lar» t9.00*
(B-20i» ban Joseand PrlnclpalWiiyStattnn* 53 40*
6 COr tiunset Limited. — Keilwwd. S»n .
¦ • Jo»e.6Un>y.Saltnas.Pasol£obles.
San Luis Obispo. Santa B*r»<ar».
Los Angeles. Demla?. Kl Paso.
New tirieans. New York. Con-
nects at Pajsro for Santa Crnz
and at Ca»rrorin« for PaclSc
Grora and Way Stations 7.18*
ffl Mr EauUsteo. nertr>>fora»ilslinoni.8an
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto *<; fit
8 ?Cf San Jft«eamf Way Stations 8 38*
8 COr Palo Alto snd Way Stations 1J15*
li.dOv strtith s>an Francisco. MUltirae.Bnr-
Uas(ain«. San Mateo, Celmont.
- . San Carlos. Reilwood. Fstr Oaks,
¦ . Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 3 45r
all. 30r May field. Mountain View. Sunay-
vale. Lawrence. Santa- Clara sad
¦* * >'. San Josa 13.45*
' A fur Morning. I* for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excetued I Sunday on!/.
n Saturday only.
I Sto>M at all stations on Snnday. '
f>~Oniy trains ttopptns; at Vatanda St. soathhoow
• re6:W*.«.,Ta\li.>«., U;Ji».ii,,3:J0p.m., «:30r.M.*»
1:00 r.x.
HI TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY.
I CAZADERO, Etc.
! tU Satttallto Perry.
Suburban Set vice. Standard UAtiga Elecuio—
Depart from tian Francisco Dally— 7:00 S:0%
W.ou lu:0O. 11:00 a. tn.. 12:20. 1:45. a:15. *:15.
6:15 6:15 t:C0. 8:45. 10:-»0. 11:45 p. m?
rtOM SAN 1IAFAJEL, TO SAN FHAMCI3CO
— Dally— 5:25 «:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m.. V2:2O. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:43. «:43.
8:45, 1O:2O p. m.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN F*RAN-
CISCO-Dally-6:45. 6:53. 7:52. 8:55. »:M.
11:20 a. m.. 12::«. 2:00. 3:13. 4:C3. 5:03. C OS.
7:03. 0:CO. 10:35 p.> m.
THROCOH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dall> — Cazadero an«t way stations.
6: >5 P. rn. week days I Saturdays txccDtcd>—
Tomales and way atatlona. .
3:15 p. in. Saturdays— Cazadero and way «ta-
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations. *" *"*
TICKET OFF1CE—828 Market «t •
j FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market at-
'TJW WeSjy Call
SI pep :Ycap..•- "^V Exchange. atid-Bullion.
Silver and Sterling, Exchange are. hfgher.
Sterling Exchange," sixty 'days. ... — . $4 «l*i
Sterling Exchange; sight. ...... — 4 85
Sterling- Exchange, cables ...... — 4 86
New York 1 Exchange, >*lght '..;¦; — 07%'
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Silver, per ounce .. .'.V — s«%
Mexican Dollars, < nominal. ....... — 43
Wheat and O ther Grains; :
i WHnAT— The^ foreien .markets were- less
firm, as the war; situation was less threaten*
ing. -The world's shipments for the week
were us follows, in quarters : Russian. 259,
000; Arrentlne. - 1000: Indian. 66,000; ; Austra
lian C0.000. - ' The American visible supply in
creased l.SSl.OOtt bushels.- ¦: - :
- Chicago declined from' 87%c lo S6%c/ owing,
according to Cutter 1 & : lloseley'a v telegrams,
to the firmer feeling In stocks and the war, not
yet being. In progress, as was the general'ex
pectation on : Saturday.. r Bat the. market was
very nervous.-* and ¦«. with -peace prospects- all
markets* would probably •decline. • : . ; . ¦, ... - •-.
- Bolton, De Ruyter , & CO.'s telegrams from
There -is a good deal of Butter coming In
now, and there are no shipping orders of any
consequence, but the local demand Is reported
very fair and Improving, and stocks are kept
down toa manareable- compass'. The feeling
Is steady and the quotations show no change.'-
Continued weakness - la reported in Cheese,
with stocks, large and the demand slow. Prices
are ¦unchanged."-'^ ¦:'.
¦ Receipts of Eggs suddenly Increased yester
day, running up to almost' 1100 cases. ThU Is
50 par cent more than the highest day since
early last Fall. ¦ Prices did not decline much,
however, and the trade found no particular
weakness, though the demand was nothing
extra. - .';-•¦,.¦..¦¦
Receipts were 49,100 lbs Butter, 1095 cases
Eggs and 21.500 lbs Cheese.
I BUTTER — Creamery. 25@26c for extra* ' and '
22'g*"4c for seconds: dairy. 1702.1c; : store ¦ But
ter, ¦ nominal ;¦ cold storage. l&@22c per lb L for
ordinary -and 22^e24c for extras.
CHEESE — 12©12%c for the general market.
13c for select mild new 'and 10*5 lie for lower
grades: Young- Americes. 13014c: Eastern, 15%
©16%c: Western. 14(S15c per lb. .. -•
, EGGS— Ranch. :B®.15c for choice and 30J?
32c for -small .' and mixed colors; store, 27%©
3Oc; cold stwage. 21@27c; : Eastern, 24@2Sc for
cold storage.-.. ;.,.„-. . . . •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
• EVAPORATED . APPLE&^-The . market", is
quiet." with demand light and ' tbe general 'un-
'SUGAR — Raw, nominal: fair reHning ¦ 3c
centrifugal.' 96 test, 3 %c; molasses sugar, 2%c
Heflned, quiet; No.* 7. 4c; No. 8, 3.05c; No.: 9,
3.90c: 'No. I0,"3.85c;,Wo.-ll, 3,«0c;, No 12
$.75c; 'No. 13, 3.70c; No. 14, 3,C6c; confec
tioners' A. 3.30c; mold* A, 4.40c;- cut loaf,
5.05c; crushed. 5.05c;. powdered, 4.50c; granu
lated. 4.45c; cubes, '4. 70c. ¦-;¦-'. •-
• COFFEE — Spot* Rib, .'firm; tin. 7 invoice,
7%c: mild, firm; Cordova/ 8% ®13c. The mar
ket for futures closed off 1O@15 points; : sales '
101.000 bags, Including March. . 7.4007. 60c;
May. 7,75®7.80c; July, 7.90^8.050; September.
8.13@S.S0c; December; 8.35@8.45c.
DRIED « FRUITS. . = '" ; .
HOPS— Firm; State; common to choice 1903
280M7c: 19C2. 22e26c; "olds. Sgi2c; Pacific
Coa?t. 1903, 25®31c; 1002. 22@26c; olds, 8@12c,
HIDES — Firm; Galveston, 21 to 25 pounds,
18c; California. 21 to 25 pounds, 12c; Texas
dry • 24 to 30 pounds.' 13%c.
WOOL — Firm; domestic fleece, 28©32c
I PETROLEUM — Steady.
- NEW YORK, Jan. .4.— FLOUR— Receipts,
67.5CO barrels: exports, . 4C.100 'barrels; sales.
16,500 packages: market was firmer and gen
erally higher; winter patents. $4 2004 40; win
ter gtraightBi, $4 05<ff4 20; Minnesota patents
$1 65(94 80; winter straights. $4 OS@1 20- Min
nesota patents,. $4 65®4 '65; winter extras
$4 2O@4 45; .Minnesota .bakers, $3 80@3 05
winter low grades. • $3^3 25. , ,
WHEAT— fiecelpts, 88,255 bushels; exports
29,713 bushels; spot.- firm; No. 2 'red 'nominal,
elevator: No. 2 red. .82 ',4c f. o. b. ailoat-No- 1
Northern Duluth. «7%cf. o. b. aflr.-at;* No; 1
hard Manitoba nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options
had a nervous lower opening on a better war
outlook.' but rallied on , Western auuuort. a
second drop in the' large supply. Increase' was
followed by strength ; based .on renewed war
talk. lower console and strength In the North
west. Market closed irregular at 2®2%c ad
vance over Thursday's .close. Sal*a included
js-o. "4 red May S» 7-l«i@8O>4<\ closed at 88^iC"
July. 85%©86%c, closed at- 80*»c.
New York Grain and Produce.
OREGON.
•Washington.
PORTLAND, Jan.* ,i 4.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 73c; bluestem, 78c; valley, 79c. •
TACOMA, Jan. . 4.— WHEAT — lc higher;
bluestem. 80c; club, 76c.
Sales of bonds and stocks on the Stock and
Bond Exchange in December were as follows:
Price Dur-
No. In? Month.
(Shares
Sold. Low. | High
Bonds —
V. S. Government l.OCOj lC9 T i
U S Government 2,600|1C3 108 V»
Hawaiian Com. & Sugar Co. 6,000 90
Los Angeles Ry Co 3.000 112 Vi 1 12?i
Los Angeles Lighting Co... 10.000 103
Los A.-Pac. R. R. 1st c m. 7,C«0 101
Market-st Ry 1st c mort. 6.000 ..... 115
Northern Ry Co. of Cal. . . 3.000 IOTU
Northern Ry. Co. (of Cal.).. 13.000 114% 115
North Shore R R 1,000 lOOi;
Oakland Transit Co 1.C00 117**
Oakland Transit 3,000100 110
Omnibus Cable Railway... 2.000 . 121
Pacific Electric Ry. Co: 5s. 102.000 i0«% 107*;
Sacto. Elec. Gas St Ry 13,000 ' 99 100
S. F AS J. Valley • !».0OO|U8«,; 117 :
S P 'R- R of Arizona (11K»» :"2.©0O!107% 107%
S P" R. R. of Arizona (11)10) lft.OCOilOS'i 109
S. P. R. R. of Cat. Series A.| 2.CO<^ 103';
S. P. R. R. of Cal. Series B.| 1.0001 104 Vi
S. P. R. R. of Cal 5.0CC!114% 115
S P R. K of Cal. (stmpd) 132.UI0 106H 107U
S p' Branch Ry. of Cal.. 1.000 130
Spring Valley Water. 1st m.ll32.ix>Oil05H Iftrt
Spring Valley Water. 2d m. 2,0CO|.^... »»
Spring Valley Water, 3d m. 2.000! 9S 1 ;
Water Stocks — I
Contra Costa 201 39 V>
Spring Valley Water Co... 1,8101 3» *»•»
Gas A Electric Stocks — r . '
Central Light A Power Co. 75 3%| 4
Mutual Electric Light Co... 420 S*il !'•
Pacific Gas Improvement... 44 54
Pacific Lighting C.3 125! 55 5MA
S F Gas * Electric Co... ¦ 2.45K 64 Vi 68'4
Bank Stocks — ! !
Bank of California 15f448*-i *4S
Cal. Safe Dep", & Trust Co. 101 15ft
Mercantile Trust Co 100) (2-0
i Savings Banks — '
German Savings St Loan.. 1! 2.243
Mutual Saving* Bank 51 luo
Street Railroad Stocks —
California SO' 2W»
Presidio 10.....|40
Powder Stocks — I
Giant Consolidated Co .... 102 62%i S5
Vl&orit : • 200 J 4!i
Sugar Stocks— I I
Hawaiian Com. & Sugar Co. lOOi 4U;[ 45
Honokaa Sugar Co. 885| 12H[,13ti
Hutchlr.son Sugar Plantation 1.128I S 10i»
Makawell Sugar Co .- 255122% 2.*%
Onomea Sugar Co 1251 SO 32
Miscellaneous Stocks — S
Alaska Packers' Association. 435;13» 144
Cal. Frnlt Cannera* Assn.. 321. 02 »4
Cal Wine Association 2951 90 92
Oceanic Steamship Co 140 5 5*;
Pacific Coaat Borax Co.... 29| 167
Stock and Bond Exchange.
MONDAT. Jan. 4— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. .
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr COUO..107HU9 4s qr Cp wal.tH.l.iu;
4s qr reg ..107%lC9 :<• qr coup. .1C6%1O8
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Do 5s 107% —
Bay CPC 6».1O1 102 Do con 5a. — . 101
Cal C G 5s. — 1C6 O W ftd 5s. — 10O
Cal C * E g Oceanic 8V- 75
m & ct 5s. — 106>d Om Cable Cs.120 —
Cal-st 5s ..114 . — Pac O Im 4s. »5 100
C C Wat 5». —^100 P E Ry 5s.l04?; —
Ed L & P«s.l20 — P A C H Cs.103 — v
F & C H 6s. — 11" P A O R.te. — U7H
Geary-st 5s.. 43% 90 Powell-st Ps.lW^ —
H CAS 5V.S.104 — 'SE GiR 0s. — 101
H C * S 5a. «9%1CO SF & SJV5a.ll«V4117Vi
Hon K T 6s. 104% — S R of C 6a.ll2% —
L A Elec 5«. — — S P of A 6s .
L A Ry r«.U2 112% <1909> ,-* 305*4
L A L Co 6a. — — (1910> .... — 10«Vi
Do gtd 6». — — S P Of C 6s
Do gtd 5a. — 104% (1905)Sr A.103% —
LAP lem 5s.10O ' 102 a»0B)Sr B. — 104*4
Mkt-st C ««.115% — (l»>0«> ....104U105
Do lcm 8s. 113 — T1912) ..-..114% —
NRR ot Ce»/ — 106 SPClci 8». - IUH
Do 5s 114% — lUo stmpd..l06T41O7V,
N P C R 5". — 108 3 P B R «s. — 132«4
N C R 5s. — 112 S V TC <ts..lO(S — .
NC PC"*- 1W D« 4s 2dm. — 100
N.S-R'R B«. J» ' — - ' Do 4s 3dra. 93 i-..
OOLH5».1CT- 'stknOAB «¦*— tfW
O T Co «9..119% — U O & E 5s. — 1C»:
NEW YORK • STOCK LIST.
Stocks— " Sales. High. Low. Cfcise.
Atchlson 3U.OOO <W% 67 -, T>7%
Atchlson pfd : 2.000 •¦•8»% - 89 ' - hff
Baltimore & Ohio.. 11.6OO 7»W 77*. 78U
Bait & Ohio pfd.. 1.300 90>4 " 9o' 0X>7
Canai^an Pacific ;.„' 1,000 11794 . 117% -11734
Central of N J ..... , t .. 160
Ches & Ohio...... 700 '33» / s 32% • -32*4
Chicago & Alton.. 1.200 34 >V 34 -:34.Ji
Chi A Alton pfd... 6,200 ."78^ 76 '¦ .77*4
Chi and Gt West.." 1,100 16 - ¦- 15U' 15-ii
C & O -W B pfd:. 106'- 27T£ 27T» 27
Chicago & JJ W... 1,900 1Q7 . 105% 100
Chi Term & Trans. ; . . * su
Chi T & T pfd .... is
C C C & Kt Loci?. /.... ,V.: : ¦....-. 77
Colo Southern .... 1,200 15»i 15 15"
Colo So 1st pfd... - 100 54 54 '.53
Colo So 2d pfd 600 23»i 23«i '¦' 23\i
Del & Hudson .... 500 165 - 163 163H
DelLack &. West .... 26714
Denver & Rio Gr 20 .
Den & Rio Gr pfdc loo 63T4 \ «»Ts '6714
Erie 22,100 2t>%. 27 % 2G*»
Erie I*t pfd .....: ' 7,900'. 68 v 67% ' 67»i
Erie 2d pfd 1.100 60 r 49- y 49U
Gt Northern pfd. . * o . . .','170.
Hocking Valley ...f.; ; ' 71%
•Hock Valley pfd... ..... 1-.8244
Illinois Central ... 1.300. 130% . 129% I2D'Ji
Iowa Central ..'.;.'.:;¦..-'....' ••..-...'¦¦.• 19V4
Iowa Central pfd.. 10O . 38*4 "38.% 38
K G Southern. ...... -* .... 18*4
K C Southern pfd.. . , ". ... 34^
Louisv '& < Kasbv. . 5.400 108*^ - 106% 107 U
ManhatUn L ..... 2,800 143% 141% 142
Metropol Et.Ry. ;..;•: 2.500 ¦ 122% " 121: '* 121%
Minn & St Louis.. 100 -63UV 63»i.-- «2",
aUsjsouri = Pacific -.18.900 ¦'' 02% • 30«*t T" 31?^
NEW YORK. Jan. 4. — To-day's- stock market
was. much less subject to the Influence of war
news than on Saturday*. The feeling that some
other event than an outbreak of war between
Rur&la and Japan might be overhanging the
market had something to do with the «harp r.e
acticn from the early bulge. But the Influ
ence of the war news was not entirely, lacking
In the reaction,* as London renewed | its selling
on the advance hen* and Japanese bonds in'Ix>n
don did not hold all of their first gain. The
buying in the first hour was rather precipitate
on the part of those *"bo | had sold stocks in
haste on Saturday and who saw -nothing -in the
early foreign markets to-day, to '-warrant. -the
extreme apprehension of Saturday. The recov
eries of • the first hour were quite ; violent .in
some cases and were quite 'generally as much
a» 1 to 2 points. AH but a small portion of
these gains was lost in the second "hour. " The
decline in prices was not checked by the mark
edly easier tone of the call money market and
the progressive easing- of call loans during
the day. This development robbed the. bank
statement of its unfavorable Influence ¦ and
pointed to the* conclusion that the $1(j,<jOQ.OUO
loan Increase was largely due to the annual
Interest and dividend requirements, such .as
would be released to the market again. The
satisfactory outlook in the money market was
the factor In the final hardening of the stock
market, which left a fair showing of net. gains
at the end of the day. Heavy corporation .bor
rowings are still counted upon, but the reflux
of funds from the interior is looked to replen
ish the local bank reserves. The return, of
f unfls to the New York banks is ' commonly
heavy during the month of January'-' Sterling
exchange stiffened sharply . to-day and no en
gagements of gold for import were reported
locally, but London advices stated that re
ceipts there of $1,250,000 of gold .had all been
tecured for New York. United States Steel
preferred was a leading feature in the specula
tion, c.wlng to the dividend . meeting to be held
to-morrow. Much Interest 4s felt also on the
showing to be made by the statement of earn
ings lor the quarter. The reports of the threat
of a strike In the Carnegie works, gave a
mixed character to the speculation, in the
stock. The strength of the London marketeer
raw copper was the only news that would ac
count for the strength of Amalgamated'Cop
per. Railroad officials continue to report' traf
fic well sustained end to speak hopefully of
prospects. Tbe market closed fairly- steady,
but very dull. ... : ... : ; ¦
P.onris were -heavy, with' slight recoveries at
Home points. Total sales, par value, $2,430,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
Nczu York Stock Market.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels "yi.sOO .25,600
|- Wheat, bushels 32,000 * - 42.4C0 i
Corn, bushels 29't.OOO 116.400
Oats, bushels 164,800 157,200
| Rye, bushels 10.000 4,«00
| Barley, busjiels 74,600 14,300
I On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
) market was steady. Creamery, l(iiS23^jc; dairy,
i U<S21c. Eggs, firm, 25©28c, cases Included,
i Cheese, firm, IO^IO^c.
Foreign Futures.
• LIVERPOOL. *
: Wheat— March. May.
Opening « rt^ g $y
Closing « 514 0 5
: paris.
Wheat— ' Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 21'0«> 21 2<»
Closing 21 25 . - 21 35
Flour — ¦ Ml
Oinn.ii* 2S R5 28 50
Closing .' 28 00 29 73
I Nezv York Metal Market. ¦
j LONDON, Jan. 4.— The London tin market
I reported an advance of' jE1."s X<1 for- spot and
i CV for. futures, closing the market at '£134 5s
, for the first and £134 10s for the second poM
jtlon. Locally tta.was about 12% points higher,
I closing strong at $29 2.*»®29 75.
f Copper was also nlgher^ln London, advanc
| Ing £1 to £1 2s 6d, with Bpot quoted at £58 2s
I Od and futures at £57 12s 6d. Locally i-opper
was nrm and held a little higher. Lake Is
. quoted at $12 37Vi©]2 75; electrolytic *12 25®
12 50; casting. $12 12>£@12 :«7*4.
Lead advanced Is 3d to £11 (i» 7d in the Lon
don market, but remained unchanged here at
$4 37*4-
Spelter advancing 2» (id to £21 12 8 6d in
. London, was quiet and unchanged here at $'»
' o., Ir . 0n , C .',°?.f a ? l 4!)s nd !n Glasgow arid at 42s
0d in Sliddlesboro. Locally Iron Is nominally
unchanged. No. 1 foundry. Northern, is quoted
I at $15610; No. 2 foundry. Northern. $14tfl5
j No. 1. foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry
Southern, soft, $13 50@14. - l «""ary.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. •
-• CHICAGO. Jan. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts 27-
OOo; steady to strong. Good to prime- steers
$505 75; poor to medium, $3 50<&5; stockers
and feeders. $2&4 10; cows, $1 75@4 25; heif
ers. jfL'i/4 75; canners. $1 75®2 40; bulls $2®
4 25; calves. $2 .VJtfjO 73.. ;
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 40.000; to-morrow.
30.UOO: 15@2UC higher. Mixed and butchers',
$4 70©5 15; cood to choice heavy, $4 90<g5 10
rough heavy, $4 6O®4 HO; light, $4 40®4 !K>;
bulk of sales*. $4 70@4 90. •.
SHEEP— Receipts, 23,000;. «heep and lambs,
steady. Good mo choice wethers, $3 75@l 25;
fair to choice mixed, $' 1 tr:i 75; Western sheep,
$¦'{ 45@4 25: native lambs, $4 2536; Western
lambs, $1 5066. , . ...
Visible Grain Supply.'.
NEW YORK, .Jan. 4.— The visible supply, of
grain -Saturday, as compiled by the New York
Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat, 38.205, 000 bushels, increase, 1,821. 0C0
! bushel*; corn. 5.7S3.0OO bushels. Increase '35,000
: bushels; oats, 8,5fls,000 bushels. Increase 178,000
[ buHheltr; rye, 1.22N.000' bushels, decrease 78,000
bushels: parley, 3,2S0,000 bushels, decrease 200,
000 buyhels.
St. Louis Wool Market. .
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 4.-— Wool — Nominal. -Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, — ; heavy,
line, 12@15V4c; tub washed, S!0©31c.
¦ . ._ . j . ,
' New York Cotton Market.
NEW .YORK, Jan. 4. — The cotton market
closed barely steady at . a net decline of 21
to 40 points. .••¦,:¦.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Jan. 4.— Clearings. $811,49S; bal
ances,' $298,851. " • . «' ¦, ¦
TACOMA. Jan. 4.— Clearings, $506,077; bal
ances, $30,725. - / *¦ •
PORTLAND, Jan.' 4.— Clearings, $812,179;
balances, $120, 4W. ..• '«
SPOKANE. Jan. 4. — Clearings, $476,518; bal
ances. $08,184. . * -
Northern Wheat Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Orange Auction was the center of inter
est in the fruit market yesterday, but as the
sale was ' not held until late In the forenoon,
after most retailers had (cone home, trade in
the ooen market was dull. The feeling, how
ever, was firm, as dealers were anticipating a
good demand for fancy well colored fruit, which
has been In small supply of late. The attend
ance at the auction was good and the bidding
was fairly brisk. Eight cars of well colored
navels. Including 2 of fancy Redlands stock,
were offered and sales were made ai follows:
Fancy Redlands, $1 90Q2 35: ordinary fancy.
$1 25(82; choice, $1£1 50; standard, 65c@$l 25.
Receipts of Apples continued light, but the
market was ctill heavily supplied.- Prices of
fancy stock were well sustatned. with a fair
Inquiry, but cheap and medium grades were
very dull. The other fruits had no noteworthy
change. . .
APPLES — Fancy Spltaenbergs. $1 5C©1 75
per box; other varieties $1^1.25 for fancy,!
60@00c for choice and 25@40c for common.
PEARS — Winter Xellig from cold storage.
$1 50<S2 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 75c©$l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS-i-Navel Oranges. $2^2 50
per box for fancy. $1 25® I 75 for choice and
75c6$l 25 for standards; Seedlings, 7.V«*l:
Tangerines. $101 25 for half boxes and 75c®Jl
for quarter boxes: Japanese Mandarins, $181 50
for half boxes; Lemons, $1®2 50 per box: Grape
Fruit. $102; Mexican Limes. $494 50; Ba
nanas. $102 per bunch for Hawaiian and $29
2 60 for Central American; Pineapples, $2©.1
per drxen. -. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
FRUIT— Apricots. 7%©9?ic for Royals and 9
®llc for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples. 4®
6%c; sun-dried. 3©4c: Peaches. 4©6%c; Pears,
6010c; Nectarines, 4#5%c; Figs, white. 4B4%c
In boxes; black. 4 Vic; Plums, pitted. e®9c per
1008 crop. 2H©2%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — F. o. b. rriees. Fresno, for 100?.
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown.
5"4c per lb; 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown. 6%c; Seed
le?s Muscatels. 4*4c: do. floated, 4Uc; un
bleached Sultanas. 4%c: Thompson's Seedless,
5%c. London Layers^ — 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown.
$1 35: 4-crown clusters. $2: 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose. 2
crown. 5c per Ib; do 3-crown. 594c; Valencia
Cured. 4Y*e: Pacific, do, 3%c: Oriental, do.
2%c. Seeded Raisins — 16-bs packages, fancy
8c per lb: choice. 7v«c: 12-oz packages, faacy,'
6%c: choice. 6*t»c; in bulk, farcy, ""ic; choice.
' 7%c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 aoftshell, 13U«14c-
No. 2. Il»i»n2c: No. 1 hardshall. 13«13i4c;
No. 2. 11©11%c: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10*ic for I X L. lOHc for Ne Plus Ultra and
P'Uc'for Languedoc: Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern
pecans. 116130; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5: Chest
nuts. $<f?10c. t)er lb. ¦ . ••
HONEY— Comb.' 10«lll%c for white and 8V>9
9*^c for amber: .water white extracted. 59
6Vic: light amber extracted. 4%©4%c: dark.
3V» l &4c. • . •
• BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Provisions. '
Chicago was active and firm, with Pork con
siderably higher. Packers there were reported
more disposed to market their Droducts. and
the scattered outside trade Is getting loaded up.
There was no change worthy of note In thl* :
market.
Mall reports from New York say, after men
tioning the large Russian orders for^Mess Beef
recently placed in the West, that offers on
canned btef to Japan for her navy have not yet
been responded to In any way.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. llHe per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 14c for light,
14Vjc for extra light. ISc for sugar-eured and
20c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured
Hams. 14c: California Hams. 13V;©13«4c; Mess
Beef $11 60 per bbl; extra Mess. $12@12 50;
Family. $13: prime Mess Pork. $17: extra clear,
$21; M*ss $19; Dry Raited Pork. 12c; Pig Pork.
$2K; Pies' Feet. $3 2.1: Smoked Beef. 15c p«r lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7V.C per Ib for
compound and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pure.
9Uc: 10-lb tins. 0*&c: 5-lb tins. 0%c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%e: three
half barrels, s'ie; on* tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8%c: five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The latest mail advices from New York- say
of Hops:
"No trading of importance was reported on
; the coaf t. A fair amount of Interest continued
; to be shown by buyers, but offerings were light,
due to the small remaining stocks In growers*
i hands, and they generally were disposed to
hold for higher prices. It was stated that bids
were beins turned down of 25c for choice selec
tions. . It was fi.Tured that the total stock of
Oregon hops in first and second hands amounts
to only 1»,000 bales, of which 5000 bales are
held by growers. 70U0 bales by Eastern deal
ers and 7000 bales by speculators. The market
for State hops was firm, with dealers ready
buyers of anything attractive at 30c. Stocks in
the hands of State growers. It was calculated, ;
do not exceed 2000 bales. The local market I
was firm but quiet. .The English market con
tinued to show a hardening • tendency, but
prices are considerably below the parity of the
New York market. The German market waa
strong."
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
I about %91c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9c; medium. 8c; light. 7%c: Cow Hides.
7';.c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip. Dc: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
10%c: dry Hides. 15016c; dry Kip. 13c: dry Calf.
18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25®30c each; short
Wool, 40®60c each: medium. 70@90e: long
Wool. $101 50; Horse Hides, salt, tl 75 for
. large and $292 SO for medium. $1 25Q1 75 for
rmall and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $1Q1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c;
sm&ll. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb: No.
2. 4c: erease. •2%i53c.
WOOL — FaitVcllp — San Joaqutn Lambs". 95
lie: Middle County. 11O12c; Northern Free.
111612c: Northern Defective, 10©llc: Humboldt
and Mendoclno. 12«14c: Nevada. 13915c: Ore
gon fine. lSfilUe; Oregon medium. 17c per Ib.
HOPS — 20Q21c per lb for California.
Meat Market.
Previous conditions prevail. Tbe market U
quiet and featureless.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6*i©"Vic for Steers and 63>6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. $C9c: small SHJloc per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%©8%c: Ewes. 7©8o
LAMB— 9H®10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7«S%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8©9c: Cows and Heifers,
TtfSc: thin Cows. 483c per lb.
CALVES— l®4%e per Ib <gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%©4c; Ewe». 3*4©3%c
per Ib (grogs weight).
LAMBS— 4*4«?5c per lb.
HOGS— Live. Hogs. 140 to 180 lbs, 5»4c: oveT
180 lbs. 5c; soft Hogs. 4%c: sows. 20 per
cent off: Boars. 50 t>er cent ofT. and Stags. 40
per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 6<g5V>c; San Quentin,
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32035c; Fleec* Twine.. 7*40
8c.
¦ COAL — Wellington, $3 per ton: New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle $6 50: Bryant. $3 SO; Bea
ver Hill. $5 SO; Standard. $7; Roslyn. <7:
Coos Bay. $5 80; Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7: Rlch
mend. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. |
$14; Welkh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Coke. $11 500
13 tier ten In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases,
add 5e. Linseed. 45o per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw: Castor OH. In cases. No. 1, 70c:
Bakers' A A. $1 10>91 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw-. China Nut. 60®70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and 55o
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 80c: natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. C5c; natural Whale
Oil. 6Cc;. extra winter strained Lard OIL 85c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c: pure Neatsfoot OH 75c:
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: light Herring Oil. 45c:
dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil 38c: boiled
Fish OH, 40c; raw Fish Oil. 33c; boiled Paint
OH. 35c: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
In bulk, 15c: Pearl Oil in cases. 21%c; Astral.
2H4c: Star. 21%c: Extra Star. 25%e: Elaine.
27 Vic: Eocene, 24',ic: fleodo'rlzed Stove Gasoline.
In bulk, tic: in cases, 23Vic: Benzine, In bulk.
13c: in cases. ,10*4c: 86-decrea Gasoline. In
bulk. '25c:' In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 80c per gallon In cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrels. . - *
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «%0
7c per lb: White I-ead. 6%Q7c. according to
quantity.
j SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c-
Powdered. 5.S0c: Candy Granulated. 8.50c; Dry
Grnnulated. One. 5.4Oc: Dry Granulated, coame
6.4.0c; Fruit Granulated. 6.40c; Bert Granu
lated < 100-lb. bags only). 5.20e: Confectioners' '
A. 5.40c: Magnolia A. 5c: Extra C 4.90?:
Golden C. 4.80c: "D." 4.70c: barrels. 10c more;
half, barrels, 25c more: box»«i. 50r more; CO-lh
bags, 10c more for all kinds. - Tablets' — Half
barrels. 5.90c: boxes. 6.15c; H. * E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.40c per lb. No orders taken for
le*s ttmn *eventy-flv» barrels «r tts enulvaleot.
MINERAL SEAT- OIL — I* now nuntrd. f.o.b.
San Francisco, at 18c per gallon In bulk. 21 %e
in wooden barrels and 25c in cases. .
fl SALT — War is on between the Amalgamated
Company and the lanre dealer* and prices are
being cut. Quotations are much lower, as fol
lows: Genuine Liverpool. .- $13 SOftl ft: Bale*.
common, $150: Dairy, per ton. $11.25; -Half
Ground, ''LWIiT.W: Rock Satt. $n 25437: Imita
tion Liverpool. $10 75*711 60; Granulated. $10 75
@11 50; do. In balm. $l.«a per ton.'- .
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY.! JANUARY 4.
Flour 'qr ska*. 2»>,T1C| Feed, sks STO
Wheat, ctls 5».0fH Tallow, ctls ... 2O5
Barley, ctls .... 3,375' Pelts." No. -.... 210,
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 4 — 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last 24 hourt: ¦
_ Last
Station* — 24 hours, season, season.
Eurtka -M 1S-M =2-0<»
Red Bluff 42 12.69 18.51
S-'arrartietito 14 4.!S2 <J.il
Pan Krar.ciscc .16 6.20 «.1£>
Ft'-shj » .00 O.ltO :i.31
InOeper.dence 00 0.42 0.89
Fan Lulu Obis»po "0 0.82 5.00
Los Angeles 00 0.43 4.97
San Diego 00 0.40 6.09
COAST RECORD.
i 13 %l 3-= It a
STATION. 5 ?| *3 =a. J »
•*«-**• o
c c ; a
':??¦': :
Baker 30.08 30 24 SW Cloudy .06
Carson :'0.l0 40 14 NW Snow .18
Euroka .lO.-^t 4S 4S N Ft Cldy .4S
Kara! I on 30.22 54 52 NW Cloudy .02
Frfsno T>.1S 54 34 N Clear .00
Flagstaff "9 PS 40 s W Clear .00
Point Reves'.V.::0.14 54 !V0 NW Cloudy
Pocatello »W :« 20 W Cloudy Tr
Independence .29.HS 54 24 NW C ear .00
Los Ang» les ."><• "4 GO 40 SW Clear .00
M?TamJpais:3022 44 40 NW Pt Cldy .00
North Head... 30 24 4« 42 NW C oudy .20
Ph.5et.lx .,,....30 00 «4 30 N Clear .00
Portland 30.24 4H 42 W CleaV Ai
Red Bluff 30 24 62 44 N Clear Ai
Rowburg 30.34 46 44 N C ear .M
Sacramento ...10.22 50 44 N Clear .04
Salt Lake 29.S4 40 24 NE Snow .02
San Franclsco.30.24 56 44 NW Cloudy .15
S L. Obispo...S0.14 62 4N X Clear .00
San Die K o....30.(JC 60 46 W Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.20 44 :« SE Clear .o2
Spokane ......30.10 34 26 N Cloudy .08
Tatoosh 3016 46 40 , W Clear .20
Walla Walla.. 30.1 4 32 30 SE Cloudy ..W
W!nnemucca .30.06 36 30 N Cloudy .20
y U ma 2».Wi f-S 32 S Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. «
The Dressure ha* risen over - the northern
half of the Pacific Slo-;* and has fallen rap-
Idly over the valley of the Colorado. Snow is
falling in Nevada and eastward.
Heavy f rests are lfkely ta occur Tuesday
morain£.in ziu^weat. yallcj-.. - - »-.~-- , ,- • ,--
¦The following maximum wind "Velocities are
reported: Eureka. 2fi mile^.per hour, frojn the
north; North Head, 48 mile*, northwest; Point
Reyes, CO mil*«. northwest, and
Faralloh. 40 mile*, northwest.
. Forecast made at San Frantlsco for 30 hours
ending midnight January B:
Northern Calif r>rnla— Fair Tuesday-, frefch.
northerly win.ls; heavy frcst Tuesday morning
In the interior. * • • ¦• .
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Tuesday; showers In the mountains
and probably on Ihe coaet by night; fresh
southwest winds. - ¦ ' ¦
Nevada— Fair; colder Tuesday; bri»k to
high northwest winds. - -- .--
Pan FrancLsco and viclnltj— Fair Tuesday r
fresh northerly winds. •• ¦
A G. McADIE. District Forecaster..
The Western National Bank paid a semi
annual dividend at the rate of 5 per cent per
annum January 2.
A final dividend at the rate of $3 35 per
share, amounting to $335,000. waa payable
yesterday to the stockholders of the 8an Fran
cisco Gaslight Company. This distribution
disposes of about all tbe assets of that cor
poration and measures for its dissolution will
now be taken. When the old San Francisco
Gas Company was merged with the Edtaon
Light and Power Company the San Francisco
Gaslight Company was formed with 1O0.OCO
shares of the par value of $3 each, to hiUl
and dispose of certain real estate that was not
turned over to the combination, and each
holder of old stock received share for share of
San Francisco Gaslight stock. In January.
1901, a dividend of 3ft cents per share waa
paid; In September. 1002. 36 cents: In Jan
uary. 19O3. 90 cents; In June. 1903. $1 5o.
which, with the dividend now being paid, will
make a total return of $3 47 per share.
BOND and STOCK SALES.
The gross earnings of the Vnited Railroads
of San Francisco for November. 1903. were
$533,567, an Increase of $44.3O7 as compared
with November. 1902. The gross earnings tor
the ten months to November 30, 1903. were
$5,682,034. an increase of $659,208 over the
corresponding period in 1902.
The Savings Bank of Humboldt County of
Eureka and the Home Savings Bank of Hum
boldt County have each declared a dividend to
depositors of 3 per cent, payable Jan. 10.
The- San Mated Union High School District
bonds, amounting to $23,000. bearing interest
at 5 per cent per annum, and maturing In from
one to ten years, have been sold to the Bank
of San Jose for $24,172 OS.
The only fluctuation worthy of note on the
Stock and Bond Exchange waa a decline in
Alaska Packers from' $133 to $137 25. ThAa
was a sale of $15,000 United Railway bonds
at $75 87 H. The market continued quiet.
The oil stocks were dull. Mining stocks be
came suddenly active again, with Ophir selling
up to $3 05 on a reported improvement in th j
mine.
Chicago reported everything subservient to war
news, with excellent buying by .New.' York and
the Northwest. Recent heavy sales of. Flour
in the Northwest are reported and Minne
apolis reported a good cash demand, . with sev
eral mills running that had previously been
shut down. . >
This market was weaker aa <o futures, but
the cash grain was still firm. The shippers
are- not buying, however, as their bids of
?1 35 Port Costa are not . acceptable to sellers.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 37H«1 40: California
White Australian. $1 50®l 52^;. Northern Club.
$1 40@l 41%; Northern Bluestem, |1 609
I Bl$i; Oregon Valley, $1 40,
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May .$139 $139% «1 39 $139
2 p. m. Session..-
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ........ *1 33% $1 3S?i $1 38% $1 38%
BARLEY— The market was tame, with
weaker futures, but firmer cash grain. The
December activity being over, there is nothing
particularly interesting in the market at pres
ent. The stock in regular warehouses and
on wharf January 1 was 43,979 tons, against
58,861 tons December 1.
CASH BARLET.
Feed, $1 08»i?fl 12i£; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1^50 1 20;. Chevalier, $1 20@l 45 for fair
to choice. ' .*.-¦-.¦•¦ .
- ?. - FUTURES.
, .* Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
*• " Open.' High. Low. Close.
May ;..$l-07 . $1 07 $1 00}; $1 06%
¦;- , ... i .. - 2 p. m. Session.
'¦¦' ¦• Open. High. Low. Close.
May ;..$1 00% $1 00% $1 06% -$1 06%
f -OATS — Dealers' continue to work oft the re
r<fipts:sti'afli!y and are quoting a firm market.
Btocks, in jegular warehouses - and on • wharf
ijanuary lryrere.4192 tons, against 4706 tons
3>ecember L'
' It -,was stated on good authority yesterday
that^the ' Government army | order for over
'4000'tons, . freauently mentioned of late,' has
been Dlaced up north, but that this market
gets the -order for 5400 tons of Hay.
White, $1 22%®1 25 ¦ for California and
$127^@1 35 for Northern; Black. $1 4501 65;
Red $l'20@l 32U for feed and $1 23® 1 35 for
eeed; Gray. $1 32 &.
: CORN — The West continues the main source
of sujJply, the' receipts from that quarter yes
terday being 1800 ctla, no domestic being re
ceived. The stock in regular warehouses and
on whart January 1 wae 252 tons, against 523
tons December 1. The marktt i« quiet and
unchanged. ft i
Western sacked. $1 25@1 27% for Yellow.
$1 22H01 23 for .White and $1 22% for Mixed;
California large Yellow. $1 32%; small, round
do'- $1 4001 50: White. $1*35. per ctl.
-RYE — $1 25®1 30 per ctl. . .
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75«2 per ctl.
.Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 85- usual, terms; .Bakers' Extras. $t 5O@4 CO;
Oregon and Washington, $3 OOfi I 20 per bbl for
I Family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers*. .
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100' lbs;
Rye-Flour. %i 25;. Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour.
$7: Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat'
Groats, $4 50;. Hominy. S4©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour $4 50©4 75; Cracked Wheat. $.J 76; Fa
rina $4 50; "Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls $7 25@8 60; In sacks. $6 75^8 10;
Pearl Barley, $6. Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The reoort that the Russian Government was
buying Alfalfa Hay In 1000-ton lots In Nevada,
and that t he market there had advanced In
a few clays from $5 to $15 p?r ton. causad
eomewhat of a flurry among Hay dealers yes
terday, especially as it is believed that the
two northern States and Southern California
will have to draw on this market before the
season is over. The market rules firm and
the holding oft. of the rain increases the firm
ness. .
Bran is very etiff under light offerings, but
no hicher. The stock in regular warehouse
and on wharf January 1 was 7*-'t tons, against
794 tons December 1. The other Feedstuffs
rule firm.
It was stated yesterday that the Govern
ment armv order for 54CO tons of Hay, men
tioned several . time* of late, has been placed
in this market, but that the north gets the
order for over 4000 tons of Oats.
BRAN— $19620 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $26 50@2S 50 per ton.
SHORTS — $l6®20 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23^24 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $27@28 50:
Jobbing, ?29@30; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Corn
Meal. $28 60029 CO; Cracked Corn. $29030;
Mixed Feed. $22®23; Horse Beans, $30@40 per
ton.
HAY— Wheat. $14@16 50; Wheat and Oat.
$145jl5 5f>; Oat. M3@15; Wild Oat. $l£@14;
Barley, $12014: Stock nomtnal — none here; Al
falfa. $12g? 13 50 per ton.
STRAW— 50® 65c per bale. •
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing new In this market. Trade
j Is still of a holiday "c"^<iracter.
' BEANS — Bayos.. $2 3O4?2 40; Pea. $3; But
ters $3,25; small White. $2 S5®3; large White.
$2 40®-i 60; Pink. $2 05@2 80; Red, $3 50:
Lima $3@3 10; Red Kidneys. $'@4 10; Black
eye $202 15 per ctl: Horse Beans. $1 50®2.
' SEEDS — Brown Mustard; $3: Yellow Mus
tard. $2 65®2 80: Flax $1 S0i@l 90; Canary.
6®f.%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 11014c; Rape.
1M 62c: Timothy. li©6*4c: Hemp, 3Vi©3"^c per
lb:' Millet. SS3%c; Broom Corn Seed. 1 $20323
per ton
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0®2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
I All dealers reported a steady inquiry for the
best offennsrs of Oreson and Salinas Burbank
Potatoes at previous prices, but there was no
Improvement in poor stock and low crade offer
ings of river Burbanks were steadily accumu
lating. Two cars ftf Sweets were . marketed
anil the quotations had a wide range as to
quality. The best lots cleaned up quickly at
the to*n Quotation. 1 while second gualtty offer-
Ings dragged at the minimum rate. Onions
were nrm. with the beat stock selling readily
direct from the car at $1 30 per cental. Some
dealers were asking $1 35 per cental, but no
sales' were reported at that figure.
Los Angeles vegetables arrived freely and
sales of first quality offerings were readily
effected at the outside quotations. Pries still
had a wide rar.ge, however, owing to the
abundance of the carrled-over stock, which
moved slowly. Old and trashy offerings of
Tomatoes were about cleaned up and prices,
of fresh stock ranged higher. Freshly arrived
lots of Green Peppers were quickly disposed
of at advanced orlce*. while old stock, which
was plentiful, was offerinc below the quota
tions, u ¦ ¦
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 60®
60c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 40 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks. 90cS$l 10 per ctl: River
Reds, 50060c per ctl; Garnet Chiles, $1@1 10
per ctl: Sweet Potatoes. $1 60Q1 75 per ctl.
ONIONS— Jl 30 per ctl for fancy Oregon and
$l(fi>l 15 for the lower grades.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3@6c per lb:
String Beans. N01Oc per Jb; Wax. 7??10ct To
matoes from Los Angeles. 75c@$l per crate;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles, $1@1 25 per
box; Cabbage. 50c per ctl: Carrots. 50c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, tl 60 per dozen;
Garlic. (;&7c per lb; Egg Plant, 12%c per
lb; Dried Peppers 6@8c per lb for Stockton
and tl@12%c for southern; Dried Okra. 12%c
per lb; Green Peppers, Wj7c per lb; Muwi
rooms, 20<525c per lb; Marrowfat and Hub
bard Squash. $10<312 per ton for round lots
and '•j'&lc per )h for sacked.
The Poultrv market . was liberally supplied
with Western stock, four. cars of which were
on sale, but as the demand was brisk and
the market had previously been bare, all de
scriptions, particularly large Hens and Roos
ters, moved off well at steady prices. There
were only two coops of domestic stock received
on-the morning express and prices were largely
nominal. .
Receipts of- Game were heavy, but as the
demand was active, .prices of all. descriptions
were- well sustaine*!.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 20®22c per lb:
$2<g2 25; Goslings. $2® 2 25: Ducks, $5 50© 0
per dozen tor old and $U@7 for. young: Hena,
$5 50@G fcr large and $4 5005 for small;
young Roosters. $5@6; old Roosters. $*.©."> 50;
Fryers $4 60@5; Broilers $l@4 60 for large
and (3 50@4 for small; Pigeon". $1@1 25 per
dozen for old a»d $2@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Mallfrd Ducka. {364 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3@4; Sprig. $2-62 50; Teal. $1 50
©1 75; Widgeon. $1600175: small Ducks.
$1 25; Gray. Geese." $3@3 50; White Geese. 75c
@$1. 50; Brant $1 for small and $2 -for large;
Honkers..$5 for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish-Snipe. $3;' common Snipe. $1 50; Wild
Doves $1 25: Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and
$1 50 'for Brush; Hare..$l 25@1 50.
. Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
Stronger; No. 3 wheat, 79@84c; No. 2 red, 82*i
©87><|C; No. 2 corn, 43>4c; No. 2 yellow, 45c;
>:o c3.f. 30^(^6?^ : No. :i vMte. 30%@3Sc;
No. 2 rye, 51c; good feeding barley, 33^37c;
fair to choice malting, 43®5.Sc; No. 1 flaxseed,
98^ic; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 04; prime tim
othy seed, *2 90; mess pork, per barrel. $K! 37 »i
©13 80; lard, per UK) i>ounds, $6 87H®6 95;
short ribs sides (loose), fli 50@U 75; short clear
sides (boxed), $(i «52^®O 75; whisky, basis of
high wines. ?1 27; clover, contract grrade,
$1125.
Corn. East, ctls 1,800 Hides. N'o 1S2
Beans sks 30.1 Leather, rolls .. 20
Potatoes sks... 7.690 Vaper. reams .. <E!5
Bran, sks 1.217 i Quicksilver, fiks -7O
Middlings sks.. 35C1 Sugar, ctla .... 3.53U
Hay tons 633> Wine gals .... 30.3t'»
Straw tons 10 Lime, bbls .... 408
Wool balea ... 8> .
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks .. 14.301 [Screenings, ska. 400
Middlings, sks . 5WJ Shorts, sks 500
. :r-.<*nic gra<3es and ordinarj' steam coals is
Uke)7 to be s-ustain<^l. as the output cf the
• lormer If concentrated in very few hands.
The various from which we have de
r:»ed cur coal supplies are as follows:
1902. 1W«.
Toiy- Tons.
-Br;ti5li Columbia. 591.732 2«»,8J>0
• Australia 197.32S 276.1S6
rntlish and Welsh «5.e21 61.5S0
Sc<n,.h 3,000 3.495
Eastern (Cumberland and .
Anthracite) S4.1S3 13.262
Seattle (Washington) 165.2T7 127, S19
Ta'.™ (Washington) 209,358 236,826
Mount Diablo, Coos Bay
and Tesla 111,209 84.277
Japan, anj I: < k> Mount
tains by rail 47.380 102.219
Total 1.445,538 1.215.554
To secure & complete statement of the entire
c -;al oonsumjition of California I have been
ttsliged to include deliveries at Port Los An-
and San Diego by water, which have
hrrn ¦• '¦''• ¦ 1 in tbe atiove sources of eupply.
• The total amount received by water at those
X>ortft foots up ?3.2IS tons.
Fuel Oil — It can be safely computed that the
Caiifcrnlan products of oil for 1903 will foot ur
l.ttv^n »>.f)O0.Ono and 21.000.000 barrels, as
epainsi 13.000.000 for 11*02. Deducting the
*ji:*ntify which will be r«*nned and the amount
. ¦which »-ill be exported, there will yet remain
*-r.ou?rft for eteam uses to be a disturbing fac
tor In the consumption of coal. During "the
_j<ar there has beeti a marked advance in price
¦"of oil. The railroad companies ha\-e absorbed
• tnoj-i cf the promising prcpertits, the output of
*hiih will not eeek buyers, hence the market
•price will net be affected.
It Is anticipated that the product of ell the
ooirirc yar will largely exceed the flsurep
' tor 1!iO3 and this may prove true, but thfre Is
fi'\< nee already before us that tbe output of
a large number of «ar older wells is shrinking
materially &n<l in some cases very markedly.
J'oke — The total deliveries here by water foot
>:;¦ O.O.iO tons, as against 04.910 tons last year.
Kully 75 per ce:.t of this amount was ehippsd
Tiotn Ijr.tijir.il and Germany, the balance prin
cipally from Bcitfum and Australia,
P;g Iron — Tbe total Importations by water
j-eei>-eate 29.S45 ton?: about half of this was
fclifpr^d from Great Britain. This would dem
.onrtrate an ino-ease of manufacturing inter
ests during the year, as the total amount re
i *-ii«>d in 1K91 was M7S tons.
Thr- general rt-vicw for the year for the con
tumptlon of fuel and pig iron will clearly in
dicate that the y«r han pro\-ed a profitable one
in the manufacturing line. . anl we have rea
son to bciieve that there will be no diminution
th<- coming year. In fact, the earmarks indi
cate that we have premises before us for' a
.rr.aiktd increase over last year.
Internal Revenue Collections.
The <-o!!ettions or Internal revenue in the
f-an Francisco district during: the month of
.l^embfr.. compared with those of December
VS'2. were as follows:
, , . '902. . 1903.
Her itsmi* B2.82I m C2.O93 75
-Kruit. Fj.iritP 27,«43 .TJ 27 «T'.3 43
Or»ln epirtt» C2.-511 «8 95 054 "1
ICKport ftamps 10 40 :« SO
flKars 39.45S f« J9.H2 43
t^mrettea 6.'.kc 27 t,<M bs
f-nuff etan-.pi! 27 79 :r» C5
Tobago tumpj 2.144 US I.TOHtH
-:•¦'- a! tax stamps .. .%.!."•'• 34 jj 161 19
Flayinjp-card stamps ... 7» 54 'lO2.22
I»jumcntary stamps.. <:o 7 • 1 00
Total* 517K1SO I« $242,653 10
¦ The following is a comparative statement of
thf monthly coSlectlons during the past two
.'alcndar veajn:
1302. 1903'
January 5242.KS5 2S 5207.S61 34
J-Vbrtiary 213.973 47 1K2.4K9 5.1
Manh Z42.3Q3.07 2CS.720 22
Ai.ril 2fK».l<»* SI »«,744 2!»
May - ~* itm.eHS Cfi
June ...: 24H.447 !TO 227.5*6 11
•July 4«».nr^T 7"i 423..T.M f£
A u^ufi ; . . 201 ,r^l 87 194,645 *_'4
**-it*m\*r 223.r<00 «0 . 233.013 27
.< >ot<jher 22S.O2 K'A 24S.94.1 .Iij
Npvermber . .". 17«.4i:« 92 272,927 2.;
Deccirber .:;...... 17R.JS0 1C 242,653 10
Totals $2.K.-2.7C0 27 $2.79<;,597 40
yn- co!!«K-tion« Jn 1SKU mere 5:»C.1C3 !*»» then
iii^ the preceding year.
Sibcks of Grain.
Henry C. Bunkor. chief grain Irjspe'ctor of
the Merchants' Exchange, reports stocks of
jrrain ip t»«ular warehouse and -"on wharf
January 1 as follows, la tons: *
.T'lrtCorta 17.653' "'312
Ptackton '..-. 31.312 2S.5C7
City •¦¦........•..••.•• oi*^ 12 "261
I'ort Corta, ...it. MS lC.llfi
Ftockton lfl.774 . 13.119
City , 4.249 \ 14.744
Dec. 1. Jaa. 1.
r>alii .....4.705 4.192
Corn f'25. 232
Bran ' 794 743
Th» receipts In December were 10.210 tons
Wheat, ae.753.tons Eariey. 3500 tona Oats. 627
»"t.i Corn and 1445 tons Bran. I
COAL 'AND FUEL OIL.
Less Coal but More Coal Oil Used
Last Year by Fuel Consumers.
The annual fuel review of J. W. Harrison
•sj-f:
The quantity cf coal imported during the year
' i* 230.O44 tons less than 1802, as can be ascer
tained by rvf^rrlng to the figures below. This
cannot be accepted as the amount cf fuel to fill
.our rer.ulren-ents, a& the quantity of fuel oil
¦which has twen r/tfxluced this ye.ir hit been CO
jxt cent In excess of the products of 1902, hence
th* >u<m-ing made Icr the ccal consumption
car.not be accepted aa being a discouraging cr.e
for manufacturing interests locally. During
the early part of last year labor disturbance*
dpvelored In the British Columbia collieries:
tl)*f* were not amica.b!y compromised for »»me
considerable time. The abrogation of the duty
of C7 cents per ton on Australian and P.ritlsh
Columbia coals has proved a marked advan
tage icr their products sriJ has aided in giving
•large cer.sumers here a pronounced btnefit.
The duty expires on the 15th of next month.
It will be a marked detriment to our manu
'farturers and large consumer* of fuel if the
duty on coal doe* not remain eliminated.
The present position is a complicated one.
The ouHook for low priced Australian coal is
diwourassins, iwsrtially because the inducements
for farriers to come hrre are anything but
r.roftahle and partially because outward
freight? or grain from here are exceedingly low.
and prain freights from Australia are fully 50
p^r CKiit hifrner than from here. The quantity
Ot coal cf all grades on hand here at present is ,
*!v&ll. Tfcere are uncertain /actors now ex
:>=tlr.g Wbldl may creat a very generous <3e
rrand for fuel in the near future, principally
th» r<XjU:rements cf our Government for Pana
ma na<i adjacent ports, hence the market is in |
a v«'i-y uncertain -?rndltion. If the present out
ward rates of freight on Brain from h»re Fhould
i-horv n-j improvement in the future it will
minimise cnlor.ial imports, thus leaving the
< oritrcl if the local coal market in very few
hn-.<i.«. Tihi"h will assure high figures for 1304.
marked difference between the prices of
Articles— - Open. High. Low. Close".
Ma?? 8 !;^:^ 87% 85%. 86*
July ..... k . 81% \ 82%. 80% 81 1 ?,
September'.. ": 7SU .-. .79% 7SU 79%
Corn N6V2 — -?
January:....... 42% 42% 42%. 42%
May ;....'. 47 . 47Vi :.49%;>i 40%
July .....: 46% : 4«% - 45% 46%
Oats No. 2—, '¦. • ¦•¦' *¦
January ....... 3«% ¦:'. 36% 36%... 36%
May : ; . ; 3S% '-<' : 3»% 38 Vi :»%
July " 35% .^36 35%' . 3o%
Mess Pork, per bbl. — '¦ ':¦ . . 5-- .'. •- •-'
January .......13 07%. 13 27% 13 07% 13 27%
May ...Vi 57% 13 90 13 35 13 67%
Lard, per lOO'lbs— Kv.'V . ¦ *-.
January :.«'00i-';:6 »5 ¦ 6 87%- 6 90
May .V. 7 17%- .7 22% 7 12% ",717^
Short Ribs, per, 100, lbs— . :
January .6 50 6 57% * 6 50 -'0 50
May ' 6 « 095 .677% 6 80 -.
A czi York Stocks unsettled, ivith London nozv buying.
Local Securities quiet, 'with, fezv variations.
Stfrcr and Sterling Exchange higher. Nezu York unchanged.
Less Coal but more Oil used byconsumers in 1903.
ialt lozvxr, ozi'ing to a local zeur between 1iandlei*s.
IV heat and Barley futures weaker, but cash Barley firmer.
Carcrnment Hay order placed here and the Oai order up north
Hay. Bran and Middlings very firm. .
Bcar.s av.d Seeds inactive and featureless.
Poor Potatoes continue to accumulate. Onions firm.
SpyJhern Vegetables arriving in liberal quantities.
Four cars of Western Poultry marketed. Game plentiful
Eight cars of Oranges offered at the auction.
Butter arid Cheese still in liberal supply.
Eggs weak, znth a sudden increase in arrivals.
Provisions active at Chicago, with Pork higher.
Hops still firm; but at previous prices.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.— Wheat opened very ner
vous and weak. There was an early rU6h
from outside interests, influenced by an ad
vance In consols and on reports of concilia
tory methods to be adopted by Russia in re
gard to the situation in the Far East. The
opening price on May ranged between 8554c
and 87c, or a loss of %c to l%c from Satur
day's closing figures. The weakness: waits only
momentary, however, good sustaining ordem
being quickly placed, and offerings readily.ab
sorbed. The leading long' was, an open buyer
on the break. The European markets .. were
higher, the war news still showed alarmint?
symptoms, and flour was reported ta have
advanced . at Minneapolis, so that In connec
tion with all these the market soon rallied.
May advancing to 87%c. Profit taking caused
another decline, but around 88%c the price
became comparatively steady. There was a
large trade at times, with great activity when
ever any pronounced buying or selling started.
A strong tone prevailed at the clofee, although
all the early loss was not recovered. May. was
%c lower at 86%c. .... .- ' ,
The corn market trailed along after wheat.
Closing prices were, firm, . although May. was'
lc lower than Saturday. ¦ May opened %@%c
to lV>@l%c lower at 46V4c to. 47c, closing at ;
4ti%©*4t>%c. ;/«•/ •:¦¦" '
Oats were comparatively ¦ firm and showed'
only slight losses. After opening . unchanged
to • %c lower to 38%c to ;38%c,' May sold be
tween 38%©3SVic and SSTsC. closing ¦¦ at 38%@
38%c. ¦ • •- •¦¦ ¦'¦'¦ : - -•. ¦¦ ' * . ¦ ¦
Weakness prevailed in: provisions at the start,
due to the -break in price : of • grains. As soon
as the grain market steadied; However, -..there
was a good demand from -commission houses
nd a rally occurred. An advance of 10c to 20c
In prices of hogs was the "main bull factor.
The close was steady, with May pork up 7%c;
May lard unchanged, and May ribs 10c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Nisid 'York .Money Market.
\ NEW. YORK, ' Jan. 4. — Call money opened
at 6 per cent and closed'at 4 per cent. • i
U S ref 2s reg..lO6 Louis & N uni 4s. 99 . !
Do coup 106 Manhattan c g 4*. 102
Do 3s reg 105*1 Mex Cent 4s 70 ;
DO coup lt»5% Do 1st lnc .... 14%
Do new 4s reg. 133 Minn & St L 4s. 96%
Do coup 133% M K & T. 4s »S% 1
Do old 4s reg. 107% Do 2ds ....... 78%
Do coup .,107% N R R of M c 4s 74 .
Do 5s reg 101 Vi NY Cent g 3%s. 97?;- 1
Do coup 101% N J Cent £ 5s.. 128% 1
Atch gen 4s 98% Nor Pac 4s 102\i |
Do adjt 4s . . 88 Do 3s 70 vi
Atlantic C L 4s. 03 Nor & W c 4s.. 06%
Balto & O 4s ...100% O 6 L 4s & Par 92%
Do 3%s 91% Penn conv 3%s.. 05%
Cent of Ga 5s...l(«% Read Gen 4s ... 951i
Do 1st inc CO S L & I M c 5s. 110%
Ches & O 4%s...l02 St L & S F fg 4s. 82**
Chi & Alton 3%s. 74% St L.S W Ists... $>2 k
C Ji & Q n 4p. .. in >; Seaboard A L 4*. 70%
C M & S P g 4s. 108% Southern Pac 4a.. 87%,
Chi & N W c 7«.131% Southern Ry 6?.. 112
C R I & P R R<4s 08 Tex & , Pac Ists. 115%
Do col 5s 75 . Tol St L & W 4s. 71%
C C C & S Lg 4s 9U Union Pac 4s ...101 t
Chi Term 4s . . . . 7S - Do conv 4s .... 06
Con Tobacco 4s. 6«U U S Steel 2d 5s. 69%
Colo & So 4s 87 Wabaxh 1st a . . . . 114 *4
Denver & R G 4s. 97% Do 'Deb p. i... 61%
Erie prior Hen 4s 97 Wheel & L E 4s. 80
Do gen 4s- 84% Wls Cent 4s 89%
Ft W & D C lsts.102 Colo F &. I c 5s. 6S
Hocking Val 4%s.lO3%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 18 Little Chief 00
Alice 13 Ontario 6011
Breece 10 Ophir 2 73
Brunswick Con... 04% Phoenix .... 10
Comstock Tunnel. 05%!Potosl 24
Con Cal & Va 1 4S ! Savage 60
Horn Silver 1 C5; Sierra Nevada ... CO
Iron Silver ..... .1 50| Small Hopes 20
Leadvllie Con 02i Standard .... ....1 50
• • . BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westingh Com.... 90
Call loans 5%«?6 Mining—
Time loans.... 5 06% Adventure 2%
Bonds — Allouez 4%
Atchlson 4s 97% Amalgamated- 49
Mex Cent 4s .... 68% Daly West 35%
Railroads — Blngham ¦'..'. ..'... 22
Atchlson'-. 67% Calumet & Hecla.440
Do prefd W Centennial 15%
.Boston & Albany.244% Copper Range .. 45%
"Boston & Malne.l«6 Dominion Coal . . 71
Boston L .140 Franklin .... ... .*
N Y N H & H.. 105% Isle Royale ..... 6%
Fltchburg prefd.. 135 Mohawk ; 3S-
Union Pacifies... 78% Old Dominion ... 10
Mexican Cent ... .9% O3ceola , 60
.." Miscellaneous— . Parrot 20%
Amer Sugar. ..123 Quincy ' OO
.- Do prefd 122% Santa Fe Copper. Jltt
Amer Tel & -Tel: 125. Tamarack dr
Domin I & S ..^9% Trinity .'. 4\
General Electric. 170. United States iSVi
Mass Electric ...18% Utah ............ 30%
. Do prefd ...... 75% Victoria 2Vi
United Fruit . 08% Winona nsj
'U S Steel 11% Wolverine -. . . 68
Do preld' ; r.."i"i ilTnited Copper.-... ' 514
LONDON CLOSING \ STOCKS.
Con for money... 87%|N Y Central 123
'.Con for account.. 88% Norfolk & West; .59%
Anaconda ........ -.3% Do pfd ........ 00
Atchison 70% Ontario & West.. 23
I Do prd 92% Pennsylvania .... 00%
Bait & Ohio 8H4 Rand Mines . '9%
<:anadlan P.u-lflc.121% Reading 22%
Chesap & Ohio. ...34% . Do 1st «>fd'.... 40%
Chicago G AV.....16 Do 2d.Df<i 30
Chi Mil & St P. .149% Southern Ry 21
DeBeers 20% • Do pfd . i 81%
Denver & Rio G. 41 Vi Southern Pacific.. 50
Do pfd , . 72 Union Pacific ... 81 Vi
Erie 20% Do pfd 01%
Do 1st rfd .... 7OJ4 US Steel 12%
Do 2d pfd 62V4 Do pfd fiSVi
Illinois Central.. .134V, Wabash 20%
Louis &. Nash ....111 Do ptd ...;.... 38
Mo Kan & Texas. '17% . '
Bar silver,, firm. 2C%d per ounce. Money,
2S2% per cent. .The rate of .discount- In the
open market for short bills is 3%©3'i per cent,
and for three months' bills Is 3% per cent. .
Mia Kans & Texas. 600 17%' 17 16%
M K&Tpfd...;. 500 39 " 38»4 38%
N R R of Mex pfd -.... 36
N Y Central 1,600 118%' 118 118%
Nor & Western... 800 67% 06% 57 V*
Nor & West pfd 86
Northern Securities S«%
Ontario & Western 4.10O ' 22 21% 21 7 6
Pennsylvania : 43,100 lia* 117% 117' 8
P C C & St Louis. ¦-;....! .. 60
Reading 21,200 44ft 43% .44",
Reading 1st pfd. .• ... *7e%
Reading 2d pfd.... .:... 58
Rock Island Co.... 74,900 23% 22% 23%
Rock Island Co pfd 1,000 60% 57% 59 '
St L & S F 1st pfd 60
St L 4 S F 2d pfd, 200 41 41 40
St Louis S W. .; 13
St L S W pfd..... 300 31% 31% 31%
St Paul 25,400 144% 142% 143%
St Paul pfd 100 177 177 176%
Southern Pacific .. 38,000 48% 47% 4S%
Southern Railway . . 3,000 20% 20' 20%
Southern Ry pfd.. 500 78% 78 78%
Texas & Pacific 1,100 25% 24% 24%
Tol St-L & West... 1,000 -25 : 23*4 24>4
T St L & W pfd.. 800 37% 37' 36"
Unlon Pacific 35,000 79% 78% 7854
Union Pacific pfd . . . g§
w . abash .400 19% 19% l»',i
\\ abash pfd 5,200 37 35% 3«V4
Wheel & Lake Erie ' .'. 16%
Wlscon Central .. 200 16% 16% ltiU
Wisconsin Cen pfd 200 38% 38% 38U
Express Companies —
Adams J^A .... 224
American - ,...¦ .... 190
United States .......... 107
Wejls-Fargo ' .... 210
Miscellaneous —
Am Copper 86,500 4ni4 a-t\l .<cu
Am Car & Foundry 700 10% !• 19
Am. Car & F- pld... 2i*> i^.. /B « w M
Am Linseed Oil . . • 100 10 10 9%
Am Lin OH pfd... ' ." 28
Am Locomotive ... 1,200 # 17% 16% 17%
Am Loco pfd .; 76
Am Smelt & Ref.. , 300 4814 48 48
Am Smelt & Rpfd.. 600 90%. 00 89%
Am Sugar Ref....... 14,150 128' 123% 125U
Anaconda MIn Co... 100 76 76 76
Brooklyn Rap T .. 44.000 50% 48% : 49%
Colo Fuel & Iron... 500 30 29 29
Col & Hock Coal... 14%
Consolidated Gas .. 35,100 193 189 190%
General Electric .. 700 171% 170% 170%
Inter Paper 200 11 11 11
Inter Paper pfd 64
Inter Pump 31 •
Inter Pump pfd 74 -
National Biscuit .. 300 36 3tt ' 36
National Lead 300 14% 14% 14%
North American .. 1.100 84 82% 83%
Pacific Mail 100 25 25 24 -
Pressed Steel Car.. 2,900 29% 27*; -27%
Pressed S Car pfd "67
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 217% 217% 217
Republic Steel 7%
Republic Steel pfd 500 41 % 40% 41
Rubber Goods 100 18% ¦ 18% 17%-
Rubber Goods pfd 7»%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 4,300 37% 35 3(3">i
U S Leather 1,700 7% 7% 7%
U S Leather pfd.. 600 76 75*, 75^
j; S Rubber 200 ¦ 11% 11% 11%
U S Rubber pfd .. 200 41% 41 40%
U S Steel 18,300 12 11 • 11%
U S Steel rfd 00,670 56% 54% 66%
Western Union ... 100 . S7 . 86% 88
Total sales 6I5.C0O shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4. — Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco: 25,000 at
$75 50.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4. — American Can Com
pany—BI<1. f.l 75; asked, $4; preferred— bid,
|33: asked, $31.
NEW YORK BONDS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
dcrtone rather - easier than steady. Common
are quoted at. 4©T>c; prime, 8%QSWc:« choice,
5H@«Hc; fancy, O"4@7c.
PRUNES — Steady, with quotations ranging
from 3%c to 6%c, according to grade.
- APRICOTS— According to coast advices are
firm, with an upward .tendency, . although the
local market Is quiet, with cholce/stlH quoted
at 9"4@9%c; extra choice at 9?4@10'ic: fancy,
Il(gl5c.
. PEACHES — Remain quiet; choice are quoted
at 7%@7?ic; extra choice, 7"ti<gS>,ic; fancy,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1904.
STOCK MARKET.
LOC^L MARKETS.
Continued on Page 12*
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
£* FRED H. CHASE -i CO^ fe
Successors to KUUp & Co..
1733 Market Street, 8am rranclsco.
Announce for .THURSDAY EVENING. 8
o'clock. Jan. 14. 1904,
THE FINAL S'ALE
OF HORSES FROM % :<¦¦
PALO ALTO STOCK FARM,
. Comprising eighteen yearlings, three two-
year-olds, two four-year-olds and two brood
mares.
The colts and fillies are by McKlnney.
2:11%; Nutwood Wllkes. 2:16%; Mendqctno.
2:19'/»; Monbells. 2:20%; Iran Alto. 2:i2%, and
Dexter Prince, out of brood mares by Elec-
tioneer, Palo Alto, Advertiser, Azmoor, Nor-
val and other great sires.
These horses are all by great sires and from
gTeat mares and are as choice individuals aa
any erer bred on tbe farm.
At the same time and 'place several consign-
ments from various owners will be sold as fol-
lows: The stallions Daedal ion. 2:11. by
Diablo, dam Grace, by Buccaneer: By Mack,
by McKlnney, dam By By. by Nutwood. Also
colts and fillies by McKlnney, 2:11%: Rey Di-
rect. 2:10: Mendoclno. t:19%: Diablo. 2:09*4:
Falrose. 2:19. entered la stakes and out of
producing dams.
Horses at yard. 1732 Market St., on Monday,
Jan. 11. Catalogues now ready.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
£a> fcfc jfe»
CLOSING OUT SALE
65 SHIREHORSES
Belonging to the estate of J. HENDERSON
(deceased). Rlley, Or. These fine horse* ar«
between 4 and 8 years old, weigh from 1400 t»
1S00. and are all broken and double. Sale
take* place
WEDNESDAY EVENING. JANUARY 6, 1004,
(At 7:30 Sharp.)
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
24C THIRD ST.. NEAR FOI.SOM.
Horses at saUsyard January '4.
Catalogue ready.
ATM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
*«» AUCTION SALE at ARCADE HORSE
>^ MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNES-
DAY, January li, at 11 a. m. - ¦ •
40 HEAD OF ALL-PITRPQSE HORSES.
Every horse must be as represented or money
refunded. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1904.
14
HELP WATTED- ~ FF:T 'lA!l5!rZS?^—
MEAT cook (or country restaurant. . .HZ week
- 'CooKs, no washing i'-- '«->ii
5 cooks, little washing, city *-'"*•; '
Housework, i family. Mt. View «J
Cock, _ntUI country hotel *-^
2 parlor maids. Oakland *.."'
•J second girls. Oakland i".;"??-
4 second girls Hi" ••"-'
•J nurse girls, city and oan Rara«>! * I",'.
English nurse, country' '."i\" J
ft waltrpsses, rc?taurants **~\ -%?-,,
4 chambermaids and waiting "«-h!
4 general housework girla v. - '.V .
Laundress. 4 days week 5« o*> <*J*y
laundress, cour.tr>' institution ?-•»
44 general housework girls, city. Alamtua,
Oakland and al! nearbv towns, ?W. S-a
$o0. Apply J. P. CROSETT & CO., S>ut-
ter at.. , .
FIRST-CLASS finishers. BARON'S. 7tw Mar-
kfct st. , .
WANTEX) — G!rl for second work and waiting.
. 1307 Hyde at.
EXPERIENCED arm waitress wanted; $9 »
week. 1 day off. GS1 Clay at. _
FIRST-CLASS salesladies, wanted at BARON'S,
7C2 Market st. : no others need apply.
INDUSTRIOUS business women capable of
handling mercantile proposition can secure
employment with the Royal Mercantile Co.;
genteel work; gocd compensation. Suits 19.
Columbian building. 916 Market st.
EXPERIENCED salesladies for notion depart-
ment. Apply J. M. LEVEE _ CO.. cor. Pow-
ell and Geary «t».
OPERATORS and tuckers on ladiss' waists;
good pay; permanent positions. JLDA
BROS., 31-0 Market st.
WOMAN experienced in teaxrhlns can aecurs
lucrative position in a business bouse.. Box
2739. Call office.
TALENTED amateur perron new. Apply »*
¦ Chutes 8 -p. m. Wednesday; salary no obj«c-
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
Apply SS20 Folsom st. -.
GIRL for general housework; $15 per month.
120 Eleventh st.. top floor, left.
WANTED — A first-class coat finisher; wage*
$10 to $12 per week. 320 Kearny St.. room 1.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mies
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th» recep-
tion of advertisements and »ul>acrli>Uo_« n*»
b«en opened at 1008 Market st. eppoalw
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WAXTED— MALB.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63S CLAY ST.
PHONE MAIN W4S. , . ",:
5819 MAIN PHONE.
Leading Emp!o>xnent and Labor Agsats.
1903 WE GAVE 1904 WE HOP- TO
€0,000 MEN WORK. INCREASE 60,000.
ARIZONA close to PRESCOTT.
Farmer and wife; conk for S men; no far_-
ily, see boss here. $50 and found. .
Farmer and wife, 1 cow, Sonoma County,
?¦".."• and found.
German or Scandinavian cock. wife. $50.
Carriage trimmer. Old Mexico, free fare.
$3— DON'T FORGET— SO.
Arizona. To-Day. Prescott.
Steady Jobs for two years; big wages.
ITALIANS.
40 Italians to chop wood: tools found.
5 cooks, 530. $4<>, $5o. $«O and found!
MURRAY & READY. C34-63S ClAy St.
GOOD JOBS.
12 two and four hors» teamsters, $57 Z0 and
$75 per month; good jobs.
LOOK!
Baker, city school and institution. $40 found.
IN MENTXK'INO COUNTY.
IS German or 'Scandinavian woodchoppera.
No. 1 big job. M to 51 5<> cord.
2 pruners. Santa Cruz County.
Spjoltender; big lumber co. ; ?35 found.
1 blacksmith, country.
Pruners.
3 pruners: boss here to-day. $30 and found.
Night washer and »tab>man: $H0.
Boy for city dairy office; must live with
par»rt>». *3'> to f.l7> a month.
2 bread bak»rp, 51 S to $20 week.
MURRAY _ READY. C.U-C:!3 Clay st.
COUNTRY HOTEL.
Head waiter, $W> to $00 and found.
Night clerk, J-15 to $4t> and found.
. Manager here to-day lf> a. m.
Office man and porter. «Jt> and found.
Sextcn. Catholic church. *2S and fou&i
GOLI> MINE.
2 amalgamators, gold. mine. $W».
Blacksmith, gold quartz. ?00.
Elevator boy. city: bell boy. city.
Slaughter-house butcher, fare $1. $.".5 found
MILLWRIGHTS ami CARPENTERS.
4 millwrights, lumber company, country, $3
dey end found.
3 carpenters, lumber co., country. 52 5O day
and found.
3 spooltenders. lumber co.. $45 & $0O and fd.
2 rigging pullers, lumber co.. $40 and found.
Stablemen, city and country. $50, $60, $73
Bugirv wa*neY, city. $17 50 week.
MURRAY & READY. 6U-636 Clay at.
Jl CLERK for our employment office.
Errand and office boy f5r our employment
°MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
I AT C. B. HANSEX & CO.S. Phone Grant 1S5.
Lunrhman. city, $40; lunch counter man, $30.
Want to rent ICO teams with harness.
25 teamsters. State of Nevada. 23c an hour.
10 men to maka pests and ties. Maria Coua*
ty. cc and 13c per tie; 2**e for posts.
Farmer and, milker, $30; others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 420 Bush st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 3d. nr. Call bldfc
BIG COMPANY WOODSMEN'. ,
2 scooltender*. 555 and board.
RANCH HANDS.
2 ranch hands, $25 and found.
Choreman for ranch. $25 and found. '.
RAILROAD MEN.
50 laborers. $2 a day.
23 teamsters. $2 to $2 50 day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Sd. nr. Call bldg,
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. t2— •
S«con«l cock. 56O; pastry cook, $40;
__ _~ _ _ _.
Men to learn th« barber trade tn two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. ilOLER System
College. £13 Clay st.
YOUNG men everywhere copy letters homs>
evenings: $!> 5O " week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept- 3 4.
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Ycung man to assist in office of
large wholesale house: state age and refer-
ences. Box 2218, Call.
EOY about lrt wanted to> sack wood, taks care
of office, answer phone, etc. ; wages $5 week.
1S15 Folsom st.
ERRAND boy; good wages. Fletcher's dru;
store, Geary Et. and Van Ness ave.
EXPERIENCED ndvcrtislnt man wanted;
something ne»v. 40O Dupont et.. after 9 a. m.
MUSICIANS to join military band. S2S Bush
St., thlnl floor, room 4.
WANTED — Ij>catlon for barber shop.- Address
box 3017. Call office.
BRIGHT, neat bey for wholesale hardware
honfe. Box -1221. Call.
BOY wanted to attend telephone. -13 .'How-
ard at.
ERRAND boys wanted. MARKS tKOS., 122O
Market st.
FOR sale^ — Cheap; 2-chalr shop. Inquire 107Vi
Fifth st. -.
FOR sale^ — ."-chair barber shop. 215 Hast st. ¦
BARBER shop <l0»-> fer sal?: t— r» »teady
chairs: good business. Box ::iH!>. Call.
A GOOD proposition to one who will Install an
up-to-date' MersrenthaWr in an establlshpa
book and job printing office in San Fran-
cisco. Address box 274J, Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $l~arid
$1 50 per pair, fcot-form khoea et 52 .".0. or
orthopedic uiices. !¦'• T»O; best shoes on earth". It
Tbird sf . Ziam. bids.. 5 duors front Mir'k't.
A MAN of indomitable energy and PU»tT~ a ~eI^d
talker, cpjrer to make money. F PHIisiin.
4,1 anJ __ Parrott building. '•
F^ Sa H^ C J hair b » f^ T^~^^.
WE pay *¦"•? » we-M: and expenses to men with
rigs to Introduce poultry comoound- vea- -
contract. Inuwrial Mfs. Co.. D*pt_ « p..
sons. Kars. . *
WANTED— An all around bookblrfrfer- one wT^
can «lo forwarding and finishing on fn .i
bounds. Apply SAN'BORK. VAIL _ CO 741
Market_st L __ "• ** 1
WANTED — Laborers and mechanic* t.-»~i7T^ —
* that Ed Rolkin. Reno Hou«* prorlnor L
add*d ICn new. rooms to the Denver h«
217 Third st. ; 2TO roora; -.'5c to ECc ?__n?^-
PALMER HEXDRIKSOX. formerly of
Is earnestly requested »a wrU« to hi»
ing nwther. or come home. •orrow-
100 YOUNG ie«3 of ljt yea:'»~irrth ~^~"~Z — *
HCter. to organize **&&,,„££$-?***'.
Call at 473 Valencia st.. beu^t JSftfl?*!**-
BOY. W or 1«, residing with parents for .hoi "
THE i§f CALL
JOKK D. SPK.-C— X _S. Proprietor.
Actress cci-iiiicatiDss id IOHIi McSAUGHT, Manazgr
\V. J. MARTIN* Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A«k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Maiket and Third. S. F.
Ecilorial Rooms ...217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Ct*. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postage (Cash With
Orders :
DAILY CALL <in*!u<S. Sunday). 1 year... $8.00
DAILY CALL <includ. Sunday), 0 ram 4.00
DAILY CA— J— -By Single Month 75c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1-00
, -,-,„-, -* I Dally. . . .$S.fcO Per Year Extra
1OREK.N {t,utida>.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POfcTAOE. (.Weekly.. 1.O0 Per Year Extia
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
. f_r.p!e Copies "ulll be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering charge of ad-
dress »hculd be particular to give both NEW
AND Q_O ADDRESS in ord. r to insure a
prompt _v; correct compliance with their re-
<J-tst.
• OAKLAND OFFICE.
Ill* Broadway Telephone Main 1CS3
- BERKELEY OFFICE.
2146 Center Strett Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 140C G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avc-
D3C Hold and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Trcmcct House; Auditorium
Hotel; Pslmt-r Houce.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE Kr.OGNESS...Marquette Building
iLong Uistance Telephone, "Central 2«19.">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
"BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, ccrnrr Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every- nlrht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
f27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til :i:20 p. n.
SOt Hayf* street: oj*n until 3:30 p. m.
f?.9 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
*15 I.trkin e'.reet; opsn until 3:30 p. m.
3*41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 rt. m.
IOC Eleventh street: open. until 9f. m.
Jf*.rt> Valencia street; open until 9 p. ra.
Nrrtfcrait corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 c. m.
Northwest corner of T» er.ty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 'J p. m.
22**1 Fil! more street; open until 8 p. m. •*.¦.---"
UEETI\G .NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. J5
will rr.fet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEX-YY
ING. Jatiurry 5, at 7::;0 o'clock. /V\
Stared mettinc and installation of of-
rk*r*. By order of th» H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodre No. SO. F. an! _
A. M.— Stattd n-.etttng THIS (TLES-YY
DAT» EVENING, at 7:30 ./clock. /V\
EDWIN L. MEYEK. Secretary.
OF.IENTAL Lodg'e No. 144. F. 4!*1 A. _
U.— Stated meetirs THIS •TCES-'VV'
DAY) EVENING at fc o'clock. /V\
A. S. HIBBARD. Secretarv.
¦TEMPLAR Ld<Jfe No. 17. I. O. O. o*gji£." jC ,
r Installation of officers THI?.^2«5g!»_%-
•71 ESDAYI EVENING. ~-£I$V?S»J=£
J. R. MORRISON. R. S. !
.FAST C-ranis" Association, I. O. .£_}*««._
«' F — Members will rr.«Pt -n ->3^jRife.
reatfir.r-room Odd Fellcws" build-
ing TO-NIGHT. S o'clock sharp. " 5 5ffiaS' r
- to \W:t Ten-.plar Lodce.
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
MASTER Mar'.r.fr*" Bei.evclen t As- r-_~-^,_
tocifctlon— Si.»c!al meetirg Trill be n.'tr,.?^
held et hail. S2O Post »t.. January C. \r£-^
1*:-l't a. m. All members are rexjuest-
««d to be present for the purpose of attending
I:HRIST_NSE-N. r frcm T. iDltria' funeral
, jarlor. 357 Mieslon St., at 10 a. m. By order
.of the president.
¦ : . ,'. R. TRAL'NG, Recording Secretarj".
• ANNl'AL meetirg — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Pajaro Valley
Consolidated Railroad Company will be h^ld
at tbe office of the company, S27 Market
*trc-«-t. San Fr»r.ci»co. on MONDAY, the L_t_
<Jsy cf Jcnuan. lt>04. at the hour of 11
• o'clock a. m.. for thn puri>ose of electing a
beard of directors to sen* 1 for the ensuing
jesr and f<y the transaction of such other!
basin*** as may come before the nis^tlng. I
Th(- transfer bookp of th" company will close
en Friday. January IT.. 1!XM. at 3 p. m.
• W. K. HAX.NAM, Secretary.
i" Tn lE officers and members of the Brick Hand.
er«' Protective and Benevolent Union of
'aliforaia are respectfully requpsiej to as-
fmb'c at cur hall. M2 CFafrell *:.. WED-
NESDAY. J'anuan- 6. at 9 a. m.. for the
vjrpose of attending the funeral of ctrt- late
nember. ALFRED CHRISTE NSEN.
PAIL EBEL. President.
MICHAEL WOGELINS, Secretarj".
OFFICERS ar.d members of the Pacific Mutual
Aid Association— You are requested to ay-
»-ernbl«! at our hall, OClt Market St.. WED-
' NEPDAY. .larsuary <<. at B a. m., to attend
the ftne'al of our late brother, ALFRED
. CHRIETENSEN. Ry order. •
CHARLES HELIN. President.
JAMES TERKELSON. Secietarj'.
THE annual meeting of the Associated Chari-
tl«» <>f Fan l"ranci*co. for the election of the
trftrd of dlm'tors nri<\ cfntral council, will
I* held in the marble room of the Palace
• Hotel en FRIDAY. JANUARY S, at 3 p. tn.
OSOOOP PUTNAM. President.
VIRGINIA FITCH, Secretary.
THE California Debris Conmlction having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
(Mf from E. C. Robinron. in Slug Gulch
rlscer mine, near Fairrl^y. El Dorado Coun-
ty. California, drainlrg Into Middle Fork
Croun-.ac* Rlxer. give* notice tliat meeting
will be held st iccm li«5. Flood building. San
Frar.cleco, Cal.. January IS. 190J, at 1:30
p. tn.
THE annual meeting of th- etoekholier* of
— i« »\a<!a National Bank or San Fraa-
<l»co. Cal.. will be held at Its banking
• fceose, 301 Montgomery ttreet. San Fran-
c!m«. Cal^ en Tuesday, January 12. 1904.
• t 3:35 p. m.. 'or the election of dlrvtort
to terv* djring the ensuing year, and for
: the trantaction of such other buslners as
trajr ccmc fc«fc.r* The meeticg.
• GEORGE ORAirr. See.
Fan Prancirco. Dec. 12. 1WQ
ANNUAL MEETING — Notice Is hereby given !
that the fifteenth annual r.jeetingnf the stock- I
hr.ltler» of th*- San Frani-U.-o and Oakland
I Mutual Lean Armx-iatkin will be held at the '
office of the corp-»r»tiun. 51S Montgomery »t.. i
S»n frnncl«co. on Wednesday. January i; '¦
lfK>*. at 3:»0 f>. m.. for the tiurpo»e of elect- i
mr dlr»ctor» for «h«> rnsuing >rar. preconta- !
for of the fl'tp«-r.ih annual r*j»ort ami th-
trar.iarticn of *u«li other bu«in»»* lhat may
.¦r>rne before the meeting. Bock* are now. open
frr the subscription to lOfXt shares of dock
of the sixteenth tnies. By order cf ihe Hoard
of Director*.
A. SHAftnORO. Secretary.
AXNI'AI, Meeting — The annual in«>eting nf the
' »t<x.kholder« cf th«" Sp'-ing \>Ii«y \Vat»r
Ccraiww will »* h*!d at the office <vf the
company. No. l?»! Ftockton «.. nt 12 o'clock
noon, en WEDNESDAY, the IHth day of
January. 19W. for the election of directors
to **r*>v for tb» enduing jear. and for th?
trantactlrn if rarh «.ther busineEt at may
come before the meetins.
P~LHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
Pan "FVancUco. i"ailforn!a. Z>ecemb?r 30.
1VCA. ,
A WEEK'S ne*« for S c»nt«— The Weekly Call.
16 p«K»*. in « rsr.r-er. for mailing. $1 per yrar.
AGEXTS. WAXTBD.
WANTED— Firm liuilahly located to accept
renera! agency for P»-er5e»s patiern*. the
h!j:h«*t grade of p*t*r pbttetns. which are
about to r* introduced to the roast trade:
c»n be handled in connection with any line
kindred to department Ftore tradt or dry
goods trade; excellent opportunity fcr right
r-*rty: ext*riem-e in thU particular line de-
sirable; ro attention paid to Irresponsible
p*ople. but wll! communltste promptly with
rirbt parties with a view of closing negotia-
tions- tlirourh our leprecentative. who will
v!*ir San Francisco in the early spring.
Write, etatfnjr full particular*, also jrlve ref-
erence*. Cndependent-Pwrles* Pattern Com-
pany. 42 _ast Twentieth st.. New York.
AGENTS— An agency for 'a proposition that In
a decided Improvement on building and Iqzn
k worth having. • Great • W«>«tern Improve-
ment Company., ¦ Parrott building. . -.
H'OJfKX and men •olicftors wanted. AppSv to
Halpruner Mudicai Mfr '— , *~ Oaiifornja
«.. 1 te 8, ',
BUSINESS CHAXCES Cowtlwned. |
A..., .". KREDO _ CO.. A j
765 Market st Established 15 years. ]
Clear Titles Guaranteed.
$250 — Bakery and notions, 6 rooms.
$800 — Bakery, counter trade $20 dally.
$550 — Grocery, fruits, etc.; horse, wagon: snap.
$1050 — Restaurant; recipts $50 dally; nr. Mkt.
$4fJ00 — Hotel and bar. 22 rooms. Tuolumne Co.
I300O— Hotel and bar, 31 rooms, Humboldt Co.
$4000— Roadhouse, 22 ftcres land, -Butte Co.
CALL and see the list of lodging-houses from
6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road-
bouses, sajoons. restaurants, groceries, livery
stables bought and aold and exchanged;
money loaned on chattels; millinery store to
exchange. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
SHOE store. 12 years' standing, for sale cheap;
good repairing trade. . Box 3217, Call office.
i FOR sale — Complete dyeing " and ! cleaning
works; srood location. Box 2800. Call office.
FOR sale — Lodging house of 26 furnished rooms
and barroom. 424 Pacific st.
SHOE repairing shop for sale, cheap; good
stand. 942 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p.m. - -_¦ ,
I.ODGI>G-HOL8ES FOR SALK.
aTcamERON _ (XX. Phone South 105o[
3 Eddy tit., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters tor rooming-houses, hotels- and
all kinds of business chances. ,
220 rooms; grand new modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $4C0 to $600 per month; golden op-
portunity.
15 rooms: Van Ness; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain If taken at once. .
88 rooms; bonton location: elegant . build-
ing; luxuriously furnished; all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance and haHs; strictly
up-to-date; called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post; oak fur.. Brus. carpet*;
clears $50; $300 cash, bal. on Installments;
price $S0O.
58 rooms; new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and up-to-date; hot and
cold water every room; $4000 cash necessary.
CO rooms: rent $95; fine location: all on two
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100. all full;
$2000.
125 rooms; first-class downtown house: 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms; rent only $125: good lease: fine
location; some apartments always 'full; clears
$200.
Ufi rooms; new. and elegantly appointed
apartment house; one of the swellest in city:
clearing $500 to $000 per month: splsndld
opportunity.
7-room new modern flat; $450 cash bal-
ance on Installments; income $45; price $550.
24 rooms: rent $140; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close in; always full.
162 rooms; mest elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent: clear-
Ing $400 per month: 5-year lease; part cash:
balance S per cent per year.
19 rooms; cor.: rent $S»5: oak fur.; good
carpets, hair mattresses; part cash, balance
en time.
22 rooms; rent $75; never changed hands;
all men; steady ropmers the year around;
clears $S5 per month: first-class business
district; price $1SOO.
6 rcorr.s: rent $45: o*k fur.; moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $45; gee this.
is rooms: fine sunny c-ner^rent only $S0;
well furnished: all outside rooms; fine yard:
clears $100.
58 rooms: rent $250; 2 years' lease; well
funvfhed throughout: close In; first-class
boarding house: clearing $250 per month.
5 rcoms and bath; rent $l«: — ater fr*e:
mw medern flat, furnished 1 year; price $."{00.
SO rooms; Bush: rent only $102: good fur.,
carpets; clearing over $2»V), per .'month", only
14 rooms to take care of, .balance d« own
work; a snpp.
15 rooms: Van Ness; rent $S5: oak. mn-
hognny furniture: always full: price S12W.;
almost new. •
SfJ roorns: cheap rent: funished !a«t -Tune:
oak fur.. Brus. carrots: cl^nrs over $150 per
month; half cash, balance l'per cent: owner
sick In bed.
7 rooms: rent SSS; modern house; new fur-
niture; clears $o0: only $400 cash, balance
time.
14 rocrrs: rent $40; new and modern little
hnarding-ho'jse; fine furniture: hair mat-
tresses, clearing over $200 per menth; price
$1000. -
S rooms: fine flat: rent only $37 50: well
furnished: very centrcl: snap at $500.
24 rooms: rent only $1". r >: first-class cen-
diticn; oak. mahog.. birdseye maple fur.,
extra rine carpets: el?ar» f70; price $2C00,
half ca*h. bal. IK per cent.
25 rooms, rent only 5100- !?as?: very cen-
tral: well fur, clearing $120; must leav.j
c:ty within 10 days: reduced to S1400; enap"
1-1 rocms. rent *o5: zorr\ fur.; carj>ets all
fu!l and ciesr.; price only SCOO.
.__Fz_ •
I Established is years.l
| We will ss'.l any "hous*|
MARION I ;n the installment. plan.
GRIFFIN. ! Business — it — Rooming. |
ICall. write or ph-.-ne us!
|for big frea list of. houses. I
(.Title abstract, furnis.'ed free.)'
[Room 400. "Examiner" Building.]-
Phone Black 3(07. Take eievator to 4th floor.
Corner Hd and Market st«., San Francisco.
BARGAIN;. 44 rooms, south of Market; 2a
rooms newly furnished: electric Jlgnts: lease-
rent $60. Fcr sale only by
MARION GRIFFIN.]
HOW ig this? 10-room corner house, north of
Market, clearing $50 mouth, prloe $i;oo
, MARION GlilFFIN.]
SPLENDID IG-room corner In high-toned
neighborhood; new. modern house; all bay-
window rooms; Axminnter carnnt.*; gulden
oak folding beds with large mirror fronts:
dressers lo match; a home full of permanent
roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.]
EXCLUSIVE— P.arc barglilnTfamHy hoteffen*
of the b^st en the coast; handsome corner
building of ICO rooms; iirivate b.uhs; rplenJ.il
furniture and exceptional location; 5-year
l*aee; new and modern in every o«-fiartment;
electric elevator; electric lights; strictly first
clays: heart trouble of owner is rnly cause
of sale. MAKION liHIHFIN'.]
HIGH-CLASS; dnwntown; 24 room?: furnished
4 months ago with best of everything in fur-
niture, carpets and bedding: clran* $175. .
MARION IMMFFIN.J
BONANZA— A first-class, strlclly modern
apartment house of 177 rooms;' r.ew building;
• elegantly furnished; low rent: loug leu»-r;
clearing over $U50 per month fibov* all *x-
I«nses. MAKIOK GRIFFIX.J *.,
ANOTHER swell apartment hou«sn of 1O4J
roomn; magnificently and subsUntinlly fur-
nl&hed throughout; Ion-: lea$e at less than
$0 per room; lull cf permanent rourrfrs. See
MARION GRIFFIN.] .,
FASHIONABLE location; 14 rooms; on sunny
corner: Brussels carpets; blrdseye maple and
mahosany furniture; must be «old at once
even if for less than halt value; niaKe offer to
MARION GRIFFIN,]
ULTRA stylish private boaraing-house; ,"52
rooms: on Sutter st.; furnlshe.l In. elegant
mahogany and hsavy, • rich velvet carpets;
5-year lease; clears $:J91 month. See . v
MARION GR1FF1N.J
GKKAT reduction: 22 rooms; $1200; >..'ears $95;
rent $100; 2-year lease; near Emptrium. <
, MARION G1UFF1N.J
ONLY $2C0 down and small payments for S-
room corner flat. well. furnished: north of
Market; rent $30. Sec
MARION GRIFFIN.]
BEST hotel proposition In this city;'S3 rooms;
sunny: large dining-room:, rent only $234
month: always full of steady boarders;
r profit never less than $200 month; dissolution
of partnership only reason; price SilSoO: well
worth $10,000. MAKION GRHTIN, room
406 Examiner bldg.
A— 12 ROOMS: MARKET AND MASON -
TRANSIENT;- FORCED SALE.
$50 CASH. BALANCE TERMS. -
SEE SKIRM QUICK. PHONE GREEN- 031.
ROOM 72. ST. ANN'S BLDG.,; 0 EDDY
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY:' LEASE-
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX "S5«'
CALL OFFICE. * -
$4250— A MONEY-MAKER of 45 rooms; down-
town: this lit sacrifice and I must sell: on
account of sickness In the family.- Address
box 2774. . Call office.
40 ROOMS: nicely furnished; fine transient
house; grand loca.; 2 entrances: clears $250 to
$300 mo.; bargain at $3000. 777',$ ; Market' st.*.
$1250— GOOD corner house of 15" rooms; north
Market; cood location. : S : Mas6n St.; >C*-, •.
28 ROOMS: choice location; rent $75; -price
SUOrt: mmi.v.m»V.r: nWlv ftirn. 777U Mrkt.
. ASTROLOGY.
Mr«. J. • Francis, astrologlst. suite 10. Hotel
j Langham: hours. 10-5; eve, by appointment.
ATTOgXEi : S-AT-LAW. ~
W. H. BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322. Emma- Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for Injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments fur debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings: wills probated; estates settled:
collections made in ail parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fe_ .
Eee me and save money: no pay In advane*.
G W. HOWE ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs. : rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 _ 6. 1st fl.
• 1122 Market ei.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed
R. W. KING. Atiorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
r.th flotr. tntrance room (ill: established
years; all caves: general court and office
practice: no fe»- in advance or for consulla-*
tion: evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
GEO. W. AVERILL: advice given in all cases;
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
suits a specialty; practice in both State and
Federal courts. Room 4C5. 4th floor. Parrott
bJdg.. S55 Market st. ; phone Howard. 2651.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fee* in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THLT.STON. 819 Market «rt.. r. -il.
ADVICE F~REJE
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.
Room 85. 910 Market ft.: tel. John 6228. *
DIVORCE conts $12; open evenings- tenants
ejected. $5. P16 Market. r.C2.phcne iilack 651.
: DIVORCE — Costs. 512: quick, quiet; advice
fre*; cp^n evenings. 927 Market St.. r. SOL
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful: all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market Et. ; consultation
free: nr. ten In advance: open evenings.
birds, nous. etc.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of song and fancy birds; goldfish, seeds,
cage*, etc. • Give us a tria!-; we will please
you. 154fi Market st. .
UlSl.VESS CHANCES.
R. G. WILKE, real estate and business agen-
cy: established 13 years: quick sales. Rooms
9 and lu. 20*4 Kearny.
A— $1(500 — Rarest chance In the market: cof-
fee saloon and re»taurant; choicest location;
/lally receipts about $O«: net profits above
J3UU ptr month; a fine business: investigate
soon: trial given. K. G. WILKE. 2C'i
Kearny st,
A— $1250— DELICATESSEN ami dairy produce
Ftore; close to Market and Stockton sts.:
large stock: clears at least $25o per month;
full value in sight: a splendid offer. Call
R. O. WILKE. 2ii»4 Kearny st.
A — $750 — SALOON on Commercial St.; rent
StO. See R. G. WILKIE, 2GV; Kearny St.
A— $500— SALOON . and boarding-house on
main St.; 12 furnished rooms; established
years. Sec U/G. .WILKE, 2t5',« Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 ' newly furnished
rooms: bathroom, barn. 1 cart. 1 electric
piano; 1<» years' lease: rent $43; price $3000:
business very good; that is all. For particu-
lars see R. G. WILKE. 20 U Kearny St.
A— $1500— BUTCHER shop in Western Addi-
tion; rent $40; weekly sale about 4 steers,
25 sheep; 1 horse. 1 wagon: daily receipts
about $40. See P.. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny.
A— $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrsro «t.; lease: a good paying business;
fresh stock; all cash trade. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— flioo— CORNER grocery and bar. on De-
vl^adero St.; owner has a fine paying bust-
ness, but family affairs compels him to
l»a\e for East. See R. G. WILKE, .26ij
Kt£rny st.
A — $550 — CIGAR, candy and notion store on
McAllister St.: rent J25; a nice paying busi-
ness for man and wife. Call and I will show
you the place. -R. G. WILKE, 2fl»/i Kearny.
A— $C00— DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished ro^ms on Mission »t. : splendid
chance tor rr.an and 'wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C'i Kearny.
FOTt country hotels, saloons. cigar, notion
stores, butcher shops or any kind of business,
6ee R. G. WILKE, 204 Kearny 8t.
A— 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On investments of $100 and upward: no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
b,!ing scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise in San Francisco: cleared
$67.<ri>o last year on $100,000 capital: stock
lncrt-ased *2u,O<>o to enlarge the plant; cull
or wme for particulars.
GEKMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
STRANGERS. ATTENTION:
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
but-iners opening in Ran Francisco? If so. we
ran offer you any numbsr requiring an Invest-
ment from $100 to $50, Wi; every business op-
portunity that passes through oi»r office must
f.and the cioacft Investigation; and we can
I>l3ce >ou in a store, factor}', hotel, mill, of-
fice, it. in fan. any business jou may prefer;
kindly caH'and investigate
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit :>21. Emma SpreMcels building.
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION^
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire S'lditiorrtil capital? If so. we can
furni>h you with nn active or silent partner
uh.j win invest from $100 to ?50.v00 : we ha\e
a large number of desirable applicants on our
hr>. k*. seeking good business openings
f ERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
FOR sale — Beautiful and p|cture«qi|<- health
and summer resort. 2 hours' rlae from S.
F.. 20 minutes' ride from depit- has "0
acres land, set with all kinds fruits flow-
ei*; beautiful groves; 32-roora hotel, with
cottage of 4 rooms, all furnish?d; necessary
outbuildings, dance pavilion, bar. bath-
houses, lake for rowinj: raises «.wn veg-
etables, poultry and hay; 2 horwes. butrgies.
bus. Jersey cow and calf, chickens; bar fix-
tures, billiard taliie. new upright i-iano: :!
years' leave at $000 per year, can g«t longer:'
fine mineral springs; will euro many d^s-
pases: money in everything «,n r.ln«t: round
trip Sundays $1 *>0 from S. F.; death cause
of sale; price $2250. CAMERON. .". Uddy st.
FOH sale-wr trade — Quartz mine; Pne prospect-
located in Cal.: assays *49 tn .<7() Un: trade
for r'ra'R house cr business. Cam>"ivir;.:{ Eddy.
FV>R »»!<¦ — Best little restaurant <n <-tty; refit
$15; <emral; receipts $.-?5 to $to Jay: must
leave jown; price $l2t)0; also •eftfral others at
prices from $X.O to $2000; all fin«;-i iuss pr"9t»-
c«itlon s and will bear investigation CAM-
KItO.V, 3 Kddy rt.
FOR ient — 3-rcom. fur. fiat; centr-*!; could get
2 fni:te rooms adjoining: reasonable. CAM-
ERON' & CO.. Z Eddy st.
A BARGAIN— f,C0O sharps of oyster stock; paid
law year .10 doj rent: increase th!n year;
boj.1 of city referents. For particulars ad-
. dress box UC50, Cull. [
LIVERY and hoarding rtnMe in .1 first-class
location, doinj; n roihI business, with steady
customer* year round; two flm-clas* harks,
one almost new. rubher-tlred. In splendid
condition; 24 young horse*: vehicles of all
kinds; rent ?45 month: prlc» J325O. MA-
UION OUIFTIN. room 400 Kxamlner bldg.
A— S3CC0; COAL ynnl. with U~itaTls; practN-
rally no rent to pay; nnutli of Market: great
opportunity. Onlrnl Agency, fr.tt Market «t.
j,A-«WO: IJHANCH bakery; :: living-rooms:
| tfnt SI i. Central Agviicy. 00.1 Market Ft.
FOR -*-le—f.'H*tO: In kcxhI location; a good pay-
ing- ipnaurnnt: Am.-ilcan and Italian plan;
Rrrt-cla— I otiJCrtunhy Inquire 17 Wash-
irgtoTi st.
A— $:K1O; SALOON: watrr front: receipts $15
daily: larv* Kare: ch»a[> tvut: .1 living-
mm'.tuj. Eureka Realt}- Co.. 719 Market St.
FOR rale— lo inns, horse, wagon, harness
milk route, paying $ir.O to $175 month. 405
M. (no airentc). room 4.
$45O— FIKST-CLAFP saloon; central location-
cheap; account health. Address box S02 Call
office.- Oakland. . "
FOR sale— Talk- ring business: goixl trade for
dyeing and i leaning works. Uo\ 3240. Call.
$2GO— A DELICATESSEN store. 2 blocks from
i Markft st.; fpler.dld locality; good trade;
can be increased: exceptionally low rent:
just the/ place for man and wife. Box
3OO2._CaIl office.
f 4»Ti — S A LOON : -at er fronu bargain If told
brfore January 5. .S Mason ft; ;.
$120;)— DKST paying transient house north of
Market; IS rooms. Inquire S Mason st.
j WOMAN wishes to Invest from two to four
; thoueano Oollaif — in some paying " busi-
; n-fs: must stand investigation. Box 3691.
Call office.
I A— WORKINGMAN'S boarding-house; good lo-
cation: 'ow rent; steady boarders; r.o agents
Hox I'MJ't. Call offlcej ,
FOR sale — Good restaurant: proprietor wishes
to leave city. 2SSI Sixteenth, st.
A RESTAURANT In Palo Alto, in center of
town; rood trade; will sell reasonable.. Box
2723. Call office
EMPLO Y3IEXT WANTED— -MALE.
FIRST-CLASS Scandinavian man about place,
best of references, good gardener, etc.,- wishes
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. t_S Sac-
ramento st. .
LABORERS, farmers, cooks, carpenters and
other men; lots of them wish work. See J.
F. CRUSBTT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
A SOBER, Industrious man wants position in
business house, or to drive wagon; thor-
oughly acquainted with the city. Address
box 3018. Call office.
TWO Scandinavian boys: a machinist and
piano polisher; but will do any kind of work.
Box 3032. Call office. *
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants work by the
day or Jobbing. Please call at 1S32 Powell
St., S. F.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman wishes permanent
position. Apply 509 O'Farrell tt.
MINE blacksmith and tool sharpener wants
position; best references. Box 3021, Call.
YOUNG colored boy desires work of any kind.
Box 3C85, Call office. r
A BAKER, good all-round man, wants position
In country. - Box 2742, Call.
GOOD cook wants situation tn restaurant or
boarding-house. Call €58 Folsom sc.
WINDOW trimmer desires permanent position;
proficient In card writing and advertising.
Address box 3C92. Call office.
A CARPENTER, elderly man. wants light
work in shop at bench or care for place*
wanta to go south; can do almost any kind
if work; small wages; wants good home.
Box 277t>. Call.
WELL educated, middle-aged man with best
of references, speaking German. French,
Spanish. Italian and English fluently, wishes
steady position In city or country. Address
box 3007, Call office. •
YOL'NG man 30 years old, having had a rs-
sponslble position with a large corporation,
would like to be connected with a wholesale
wine house. Box 2733. Call office. -.-¦•":
A STRONG well-educated 8wls». 28 years old.
attending night school, wants work of any
kind; private place; references. Box 2777.
Call office.
— .
TO keep books durinz leisure hours, evenings
and Saturday afternoons. Address J. R. H-,
box 2791, Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation In^private fam-
ily; long experience and best references.
Box 279«, Call office. . -
YOUNG man, experienced stenographer, wants
position with large real estate concern, with
tome' outside work. Box 3214. Call office.
WANTED— A place for a good boy. 18 years
old: German descent. Please address
ADROLS.' 42» O'Farrell st.
Al PAINTER, paperhanger and tinter wants
work by the day; has necessary tools; very
• reasonable. Address box 2718. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS non-union bandsaw. sticker cr
shaver man wishes position. Box 2734. Call.
GARDENER, or assist gardener, wants situ-
ation; unmarried; age 34. Box 2740. Call.
GOOD barber seeks steady position. Barber.
1164 Page St.. phone Pace 1176.
A YOl'NG Japanese desires country position to
do cooking or housework in good family.
Address H. KAMA. 1006 Hyde st.
JAPANESE experienced boy wants a position
as a BChoolboy. S. YOSHI, 807 Polk St..
Japanese Mission-
JAPANESE boy wants a place for every Satur-
day; housework or every evening washing
dishes f^ waiter. F. YAMA. 1910 Stelner st.
JAPANESE boy wishes a position as dishwash-
er or housework. G. OKUBA. 518 Jeaaie «t.
~"fxats to let.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immerse list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Corde* Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
st.. on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1033 Market st. : services abso-
lutely free. . . . -
SACRAMENTO. 3746. ntar Pierce. Presldla
Heights— Small flat. 6 rooms and bath. $S3.
HOOKER fc LENT. 14 Post tt.
MODERN sunny middle f.at. 6 rooms and bath.
158 Noa St.. near 15th st.; rent reasonable.
NE*W sunny shingle flats; « rooms; tinted. Post
St.. bet. Broderick and Baker.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms: rent $12. 1325 Pierca
st.; key on premises. ,
$7— LOWER flat and large yard. 726^ Harri-
son wt.. between Third and Fourth.
FLATS TO LET — FtJnXISHED.^
•ELEGANT furnished flat. 6 rooms and bath;
fine location; sunny side; responsible parties
can inspect between 10 a. ra. and 4 p. m.
1146 Oak st. _______
NICELY furnished flat of 7 rooms and bath; 3
rooms pay rent: near City Hall. Box 3600.
Call office.
KI.AT8 POH SALK KURXISHKD.
EIGHT-room flat for sale; good location; after-
noons. 5S0 Geary «t.
FURNITURE of 4-room flat: $63; rent $12.
1133& Howard sft '
SUNNY S-room modern flat at a sacrifice; 10
to 4. 2307 Van Ness ave.
FACIA- _LAS3AO~.
A— WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method; 50c. M. LUTON, mani-
curing^parlors i 764LarklnsLjpb£nePolklJ.
KI.NAACIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent, 3-- Emma Spreckels bldg.
BUY SCOAL GOLD NOW.
MJRMT-KE WASTED.
A — Highest price paid for fur..carpeti.etc. Mrs.
T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co.. M2 Larkln.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD, auctloneer.lSlSMkt.; tel.Howard 275t».
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpet*.
. HELI* \V ASTED— KE31ALK.
PARLORMAID and waitress for 3 In family;
$30: place in city. MISS PLUNK_TT. 425
Sutter st.. near Powell.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress for private family:
$30; place in city. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter st., near Powell.
AT San Francisco Employment Bureau. 27^
Fourth St., housekeeper for a lady. city. $-10;
/ cook for institution, *40; housework, city,
$25; nurse irirl for a child 2 yean old, refer-
ences. $20; light housework, Berkeley, $15.
Phone Grant 2tf. ¦
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 week*: $3 to those entering now; :i po-
sition* to fill immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading schcul In
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A— Girls to Searn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both oeasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $10: positions as trimmer*,
talesladlef. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening clara. 143 Stockton st.. r. U_
A LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket «t.. cot. Jone?. room 1>4: positions secured
at hightst wages; day and eve, class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS- NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
i PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32U FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
; LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters
at home evenings or spare time and return to
us; no malllnr or canvassing; $0 weekly
earned? materials free.' Enclose nelf-ad-
dressed envelope for . particulars. Guarantee
Co.. No. S 4 Ninth St.. Philadelphia. Pa.
AA — OPERATORS on overalls r.nd : n°glise«
sblrts at GP.ECNEBAUM. WEIL & MI-
CHELS. 531 Mission St.; good pay; steady
work; a few inexperienced hands will be
taUen an'l taught.
A YOUNG lady graduate of domestic scienca
to teach cooking two days every week; state,
school, and salary exixscted. - Pbine Busn
T4S. moraines 8 to 11. or address Scboci for
Domestics, box 5222. Call office.
BERKELEY Sanitarium. Berkeley. Ca!.. re-
quires more young ladies for the nurses'
training school. Apply to DR. G. W. DAVIS.
i 406 Sutter St.. San Franeisco.'
A GIRL for general housework and ?.s=M«t «'.h
baby; -good home and good wages. U72
; Frederick st.- .* "• >V '•"
; FIRST-CLASS saleslady wanted; references.
BARON'S, 762 Market st.
OJUSSjSSlAJvEJlS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER Enlargement — California Business
Ccllege moves the first of the year to lu
new home. ltOl-925 Golden Gate ave., occu-
pying is. 000 square feet, tbe entire top floor
cf the new Pioneer Automobile bldg.. oppo-
*Ie beautiful Jefferson square: every modern
iriea for health, comfort and progress of our
t-tudents; departments all reorganized and re-
' furnished; occupies larger space than any
other two busijiena colleges on the coast;
write at once for our 75-page Illustrated
catalogue, giving full Information about our
1'5 wr cent removal discount. Address 300
larkln ?t. ¦.-¦-:.' -;
ALWAYS the best— We are enlarging our
quarters SO per cent; other schools are mov-
ing farther out to secure cheap rent; our lo-
cation is central, among: the business houses,
giving advantages in securing positions, also
convenient car service; experienced business
men as teachers; actual business bookkeep-
ing; Gregg shorthand (used in half 'the
schools In America): typewriter at home
fiee. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
'1.EGE. 123<f Market et.
AYRES. the leading business college 723 Mar-
ket st.: established IS years; life scholar-
ship. $.">0; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions Ee-
tur"d; the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free. \
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE 24 POST. S.
F.— rBoofckeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 303 Larkin st.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
. graduates; modern methods; individual in-
structlon. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
! ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
; *or; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
! HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk et..
between Pine and California: both adult ar.d
children's classes are now open for the season.
j HKA— D*fl School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
: si.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering?
| complete equipment. Special catalogue free. '
j DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
: day evgs.. Teutonic Hall, Howard st., near
flth. Prof. Foster: "society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. mech.. gur-
vev. assay, cvanlde; day. ev. ; est. 1SB4. Van
der Naiilen Schor^. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ST. .TOSEPH'S~*ACADOrY7~Peralta ' Park,
j nrrkeley boarding school for boys under 15.
BKO. GENEBERN. Director. ;
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice -free to pupils. J.
HOWARD MANSFIELD. 4C2 Geary st.
SCHOOL OF~ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINOXONS. 424 Pine st Night clasa.
KENT Law School; always open; conducted by
practical lawyers. 530 Parrott building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1C24 Mission, nr.flth.
E.MPLOVJIEST OFFICES. ~~
GETT your help at PINE JAPAJCESE^MPLOyI
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co., 13X1
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E- Church; phone Pclk 3866.
GEORGE A OK I. 421 Postet.: teU Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese ernployment office;- fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japaneae-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GHAND JaRanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
a Stockton: tel. urant 1CS: expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH ana German Female Employment
Office, 115 Franklin St.; phone Folsom 2S56.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fjje: all kinds help. 31B Stockton: Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estnb. 20 yars
Te[. Main UW7. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
li.MPLO VMEST WANTED— KEMA1.K.
STRONG, willing A-merican woman wants work
by the day: $1 2S day; cartare; carpet clean-
ins and latin<3ry v/ork sfecialties; absolutely
, reliable. MRS. WILSON, 174 Fourth st
room 10. first flight,
YOUNG girl wants position to do general
housework; 5 years In Int-t place: ... from tbe
Fast, no costal caids; $23 per month. 270
tTlf.ra st., near Sixth.
YOUNG Finnish girl would like a place to do
. rrnwral hou««work. 13 Hopeton terrac" off
•Washington tt., bet. Stockton and roweil.
A YOUNG woman, good reference, for laundry
work, hoiuwleaning, \s weeping; $l 60. Call
_Phone_B]ack C5.:3,.fiom 10 to 2 p. m.
YOUNG French rirl would llke~sUua"tion in
Iirivate family to take care of children and
do aewlrg. 160-t Point Lobos ave.
GEKMAN graduated tracher wishes position in
a selir.o! cr as governess ; also teaches French
Address Z323 Clay Et.
A MIDDLE-AOED colored woman wishes place
for Ugh I housework. Box 300*. Call office.
YOUNG Swedish Ctrl -wants situation to do
eeneral housework. Address 60 Ryan ave.
A WOMAN wants any kind of work by the
da^y. Call at 70ti. Larkln at.
A -LADY -piano riayer wishes a position in th«
country. Address S:iO Misylon st.
A LADY , wants situation as housekeeper
where there are children or to take care In-
\ all.U Eighteenth ft.
COt'KRNESS wishes position: thorough, expel
r!enced teacher and musician; clano. voice
culture. .German. ' English branches, litera-
ture: terms- #30; references: country pre-
fened. • Box "iu r >4. Call office.
RELIABLE colored woman would like general
housework with small .private family; no
washing: state waxes: -Vddress G L. box
27O.*» Call.; ; -i '
WANTED— By middle-ngpd lady 'to keep house
In widowers family;. U fond of children;
bent of references. Call at 810 California St..
flat D.
BY a very first class cook and manager, equal
chef; French and German cooking: good
housekeeper: good references., SOMMER.
»ll Sutter et.
YOUNG lady desires position lo aeslst with
. books or general office work : has knowledge
of stenography. Box 27SO Call.
A DANISH : lady wishes a . position in a re-
spectable family : ! only four months from Den-
mark. Box S(»3. Call. '
STRONG, reliable .woman as janltress, or
-would do washing and Ironing by the day.
Box 2707. Call office..
GIRL wishes position as nursegirl for a child
3 years old; wage* $25 month. 1259 O'Far-
rell ft., city. . .
A RESPECTABLE colored woman wishes sit-
uation In Drlvate' family. • 127 - Second st.:
chone Red 4133. _ , '
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
, Call Branch Office, cor.' Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister »t.
EMPLO VMEXT AVAXTED— MALE. ' ¦
CARPENTER^ ?^Mp^rIenceoV good~~Xvera^e;
¦ hotel, stores or '" institute; - best - references;
-,»*ges reasonable.^ Box 2743, Call office.' "?-'?•
A YOL'NG roan, flrst-clas's esg randier. -, best
references from New York, desires position
in a wholesale house at once. Box ;<22.'UCall.
A ; YOUNG man with ? the best: of city refer-
. ences. , good talesman. *¦' wishes a position > as
¦-¦;- drummer. : Box 301 ti, Call • office. . - ' ;:
TOUNO man ¦ of good ! habits.' raged IS, wishes
: position .of : some kind. Address 1 35 Zee St.,
bet. Third and Fourth, 'off Bryant.
- - . i ¦ •
LODGING HOUSES 'FOR S*I,K— Con.
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL!
RING UP MINT 70S the Whole Year.
C. E. HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET St.. opp. &th.
10 rooms; Bush St.; rent $37 50; only... $450
32 rooms: Market St.; 5 years' lease. ... .$2500
1« rooms: boarding; offer wanted S'-KK)
Hrooms, re?:t $45; clears? $«>.. * 7 j><>
l(>0 rooms; grand sonny corner. .. ....?••»»
40 room*; Van Ness avc; worth $;{0W>...* IM*»
0 rooms; cheerful and homelike....----'*'"."
IK rooms; 6 unfurnished: rent $45 ?«« (>
'. S5 rooms; transient; lease ....$l0oo
20 rooms; lease; electric lights, .i **>^
S rooms; Post St.; rent ?X2; only «' Jil0
SNAP— » rooms: nicely 'furnish'd; rent *40;
a gift at $170. HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET.
GRASP this opportunity-T-.'J2 rooms, Market at.;
owner Pick: must sell: offer wanted: your
sain, owner's lobs. HINKLEY, 1020 Market.
PROFITABLE— 40 rooms and -bar: central
location: It is a speculation at $2100; easy
terms?. C. E. HINKLEY, 1020 Maiket st.
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Phone Black 6901. 777!-* Market at.
Bank Reference.
For bargains see the -old reliable agents,
CAL. INVESTMENT CO., 777 \U Market et.
GREATEST bargains on the market: 45 rooms;
20 rooms newly furnished; chance for 10 of
your "tuinlture; bargain for $1750; 5 years'
lease; tent only $S5; 3 blocks of Market;
-lease worth double" this price; exclusively
with CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
40 ROOOMS: nicely furnished; fine transient |
house; grand loca.: 2 entran.; clears $230 to [
$300 mo.; bargain at $3000. 777 «i Market st.
28 ROOMS; choice location: rent $75; price
$110O; money-maker; nicely furn. 777Vi Mrkt. ,
34 ROOMS; N. Market: lea'se; rent J3 50 room;
One transient; grand corner location: price
only $2250. Full particulars 777 'i Market
ft. CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
I20C0— BAY-WINDOW house. 25 rooms; nicely
furnished: all fiilj; sunny corner: north of
Market; downtown. ' Box 2749, Call.
NICE house at »0Z\$ Washington st., Oak-
land; 10 rooms; front rooms ail sunny; suite
or fingle; price $3C0.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evan's, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance: stamp frr circular.
1112 Kddy st.. nr. Octavia ; phone Sett SST.
MMK. YOUXG'S convincing test circle to-
nisht, 10c; readings daily. «K> McAllister.
W. G. KCEGAN holds ttil srances every night
except Sat.; luc: sit.. 10 to 5. US Sixth st.
MRS. EL'ERHARDT'S >plrltuai test meeting
to-night. 10c. 3250 22d. Uot. Mission- Valencia.
MRS. C. CL KOTTER. circle every n.ght. lCc;
card reading 20c { sitt^ga diily. 4J siixth st.
MR?. L. HODGSON, circles WeU., Thur.. Fri.. I
Sat.. Sun. eve.; sittings daily. 14$ tfth, r. 10.
EDWARn RART.R. '1032 KUin. readings d»lly. j
tt::UT to «. »»»no«Hi Funiiiiy and ThurMay.
cl.<iIltvovA^'^s.
A— Cal! at Once and Save $2.
My Regular $3 Rea^.n* This Week for
$1 $1 $1 51 $1 $1 $1
FROFESSOR-sPAL'L DESTINK.
The Firm Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
rairnist Ever in Pan Francisco.
make no charne If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife of sweetheart Is
true or false; tell you who and whsn you will
marry, in fact, I will jell you every hope, fear
or ambitim better than you can tell yourself;
he restarts lost afteel ion*, reuulus the separat-
ed, causes speedy and happy marriage: makes
I you successful and urosperous: cures disease
and lost vitality: 10 a.m. to s p.m.; Sun. .2 lo 6.
321J O'Farrell *t. — 326.
MMK. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant ar.il taieineys medium. . perma-
nently !eta»»d at 17 Third «t., next Examlji«r
bldg. : the read* your life correctly, gives an
accurate* dt fcrlrtion of the past, reveals the
i prett-nt hf»i-r t **ninc*' and uortra>s even »\to
I occur in th-» fuure; If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or n.it *Hi!)<f1ed with life, or have
domestic, love or bu^ln¦?as troubles, consult
th!s great, inedium and you will be told how
to overcome them: valuable advice In all af-
falrv of MO: ?5c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed: r-adings by mail Tel. Black 4M!».
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk: private readings dnlly. 10 a.
rr>. to 5 p.m.: readlrgs by mail ossati^fsic-
tory as' in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. ?3: send look of halr./date of year
or blnh; don't send currency; nenrl pestofnee,
W«l!s-Far-go mr.ney order or registered ietler.
MR55-. A. II. KRONENBKRG. palmist, clair-
voyant, car.l reader: whrn others fall try me;
Rood reading lf>c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A — Mme. Kavcnna read? life, business advice;
namrs «;iven; 20c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MISS ZF.MDAR. youijg glTied clalr. and palnT;
namn-; L. r.Oc, O. $1. 714 Franklin.nr.G. J.av;
OLDEST lady palmist nnd card readJr In city.
20 Vj Kearny. room "0; Indies. 25c: gems, JjOc.
MISS WARD. rcmove^Toln7~Market77s7ir^l2;
gives nnnie?. dntrs. facts. Hoi'rs 11 to 1> p.m.
j MRS. WYZAN, gifted clairvoyant card reader;
names given; Ffttlsfac; 25e. 1O0S HkitIsoik
j MRS. BROWN. clairvoyant~card reader. 7e-
moved from 132 rtth to Tiy, fith; la. 25". g. 5Cc.
Mrs. Virna. trance medium and card rfaiirr; 3
que£Uorj« ans free. 40G Geary *t..' room I.
MMK. .WALTERS, great card reader: In. 2ScT
ggentiiSOcgPgi Mission at., nr. Cth: oprn Sun.
MRS. SIIAFKR. rlalrvoyant. card~rend~e7T7ff-
tlngy dnlly. 44^',^ Jessie *t.. bet. ,Mh and (ilh.
CARPET HKATING AND CI,KA\l\Ci.
A1K now univrrsalr?, u^ed In clramns ciiipej*
on floor, without removal: price moderate.
E. F. Comprised Air Cleanlns Co.. Call
bulldln.T. Phone Main 5237.
WiJEN you become dWusted with your w.>rlr
jendj'or SPAIJLDIXO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 3M-3a7 Tehama M.; tel. South 40.
TKY Hopka Bros. ; carpet beatln*: . mattrea«e»
-¦ mad- ove.-. »:;g Howard; tel. South 21flL ><
WF.STF.RN Carp^t~ci^H"nJn|f Works. 1SC9 Ha~
ri^np ft.: Al cleaning; :tc: lei. Mission 205.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402~Sutter »G
te) \Maln .194. GKO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH * CO.. carpet-beatVng works ;pric«s
reasonable. 1703 HttI son at.: tel.Mlssion 2C3.
SfiS^if 1 ?!" 8 Su Perlcr Carpet-beating Works.
...-.¦, Golden o^tp ay*,; flephon* Eaut l-'S.
COLLECTION OFFICES. /_..
BAD? tenants ejected for $4; coilecUonsTmadel
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. 415 Montgomery." roomi !1-10: tel. 8.VI8.
WHO DOES IT? aiUNTBR 1206 Market. st.
Send for circular. Why, will you suffer?
' UEXTISTS.
DR. GRUSS, 6O4-^«"7:aTTagha^"bidg/r~£arkrt
and Me All if ter sts.. • uses tbe Basf ord Obtun.
/der; tbe onlj device ever Invented tor grind-
ing, drilling and excavating, teeth without
paln.y. For demonstration call at < iflce.
DK. LUELUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge Tor extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from Is per set; extracting 00c: ga» glvea. ¦¦;¦;
A' NEW cannot break;
wBiifcnted 20 ysa.; crown. $3 50; fillings,- 60c;
- plates/ $5: full set; all wcrk painless and war-
- ranted. Chicago ; Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth : st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
; 6et teeth. $1 50 up;. crowns $2 up; fillings 23c.
GOLD nillngK. 75c; : silver. 55c; 'crowns,"' $2; ¦: po
pain; open Sunday. :Dr.O.B.He-witt.2C4 Sutter.
A. ARTHUR •;- CHISHOLM ' surgeon dentist,
room 14. Phelan building. San Francisco.'
' --..; . ~ ; — : : — — — ; — : — : — ; ; — v
IF YOU SEE ANYTHING
Wrong: at the office, it probably means you need more help or better help.
A Call Want Ad. wllFbring it and new blood will tell in developing your
business.SUPPOSED PAUPER LEAVES
. PROPERTY OF SOME -VALUE
Court 3Iakes an Order - Settling ? the
Trusteeship of the Estate or
Eleanor Pearne.
OAKLAND., Jan. 4.— John "Wilson, an
inmate^ of* the County .Infirmary* who
died recently at that institution. left an
esta^ibff^ffome value. . A for
letters of administration on his estate
was filed" by Public Administrator Gray
to-day, and revealed the fact that ,the ;
man wh'p had been living at the ex
pense of the county's bounty had a
house and lot in Berkeley and another
in Haywards, besides having money in
several savings banks. He has -a. 12-l
year-old son In the Fred Finch Orphan
age at Fruitvale.
An order "was made ' to-day • settling' .
the account of Charles \V. Jackson. and
James E. "Walsh as the trustees 1 of th*
estate of Eleanor E. Pearne. ".TheiT- ac
count shows the- estate to be worth- <63.r
901 76. It consists of realty to the value,
of $5500. $20,000 worth of 4 . per cent
bonds of the United Railroads of San
Francisco and $3*5,514 26 in cash and
mortgages.
DRIXKS RED WINE. -AND.
LOSES SENSES AND PURSE
OAKLAND. Jan. 4. — "I went over'
to John Conroy's house to see about
a missing chicken- "While I waai there,
just in, a friendly way, I gave John
Conroy a quarter and sent 'him out ta*
get some refreshments. I drank. «ne"
glass of the red wine he brought back
and then I didn't know anything mor«
until I woke up and found. my purda
with $3 75 in it; gone." . ; '¦ . .
So complained. Mr?.- Elizabeth Ba
ker of 1009 Third-street to Prosecut
lr.i? Attorney Leach to-day.- Conroy
was 'arrested on -a- -charge- ot ¦ -pitty
larcersy and he will be. given oppor
tunity, to iexplain about the mysteri
ous oisa^pearance when ' his case^ gets .
to triAl in; the' Police Court. > - - -.
Abolish Municipal Position.
ALAMEDA. Jan. :4.-^Julius/ "rf. \ W|t-."!
tich has retired from the t>oaitioa of"
collector for the municipal electric light,
department, th& office having lje.en abot
ished with the first of the. neW % * y^ear,
by the City Trustees. Hereafter* the col
lecting will be done by the lamp trim
mer of the department- when? he ¦ Is n6t
employed otherwise. . Wlttich was paid
$85 a month,.- , ¦ *'>¦>•.'••,-;¦--.• **• » '
THE SAN FRANC1SLU CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 5, 1904.
15
January. 5. at 8:30 o'doeka. "¦>.. from the
parlors of Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, thence to - SIT' Tcrtsa's 'Cturch. '
where, a solemn requiem mass iwiU be cele-
brated for the repose of brs- soul; -com-
mencing at 9:30 a. m. ' Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . • • . . .
A. O. H., Division No. 2 — Officers and mem-
bers of this division are hei&sy, notified- to-
attend the funeral of our Irfte brother.
Andrew Sheehan. to-day (Tuesday), at »:.'«>
oVlock- a. m.. from the Pacific Undertakers.
in Mission street. Officers and members of
sister divisions cordially 4nvlte<l to attend.
JAMES SMITH President.
M. DOLAN. Secretary. ' - - *"¦,
KXIOHTS of the Red Branch— Funeral detail
wUl assemble at K. R." B.' Hail Tuesday
morning. January 5. at 8:15 o'clock, to at- .
tend the funeral cf our late broth«r. Andrew
Sheehan (in carriages>. ' ¦
STUDLET— In Chicajro. December 30. 1SXW.
Re*. Georare Howard ' Studley, dearly to*-.
loved husband of Alta C. Studley. father of
George M., Alt*- C. and Hniman Q. Stud-
ley, son of George W. and Abbie A. Studley.
and brother' of Ruby W. StudJey.'a native of
California, aged 29 years 10 months an4 a
days. ¦¦••.¦ - - • .
K7Notlce of funeral hereafter. ¦ ¦
SWANN— In this city. January 3. 1904. Ame-
lia Ann Swtinn. beloved mother of Josephine
Broadiif. and w-apdmnther of Maude Sli\gV«-.
ton and Kate ¦peppers, a native of Mary-
land, aged M years. .. ».. U ..
CTTtlencts and 'acquaintances 1 are respect- ¦
fully Invited to attend tne- funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her late-
residence, 1026 Jack»->n »tr»et. rietween Ma- .
son ai.d Taylor. Intef-rneat Mount Cftivet r
Cemeterj-. . -
THAUWALD— In this city, January 4. 1904,!
Herman Thauwald. beloved husband of Ber--
tha Thauwald, ar.d N»loved father of Anna,
Hilda and Harry Thauwald. a native of
Hoh'nateln and Ernsthol. Germany. a*ed W
years and 11 month*. A member of ' th*
San Francl»co Turn Vereln. Veretn German
War Veterans and Freundachaft j Saenger-
bund. • ' . ->
CJ"Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend th» funeral to-morrow
'< Wednesday 1 ). At 1 o'clock, from t*-« San'
Francisco Turner Hall. 353 Turk /treet,
where services win be held, under the aus-
pices of t*»e San Frsnelsoo Turn • \>r«tn. '
Remains at th* parlors of- Gantner Bros.. -
120O Mission street, between Eighth .ml
¦ Ninth, until 12 o'clock m. Wednesday. Janu-
.ary «, 1904 Cremation OdJ Fellows? Ceme-
tery. - - . •.
TUXNELL— In this city January 2. 1904.
James M. Tunnell beloved husband of Sadl<»'
F. Tunnell. beloved son.ot the late.lt. I.
and Sallna Tunnell. and beloved. brother ,ot
Mrs. T. C. Sedgwick of San Francisco and'
John. Henry. George. Martin. Thomas.
Frank and William Tunnell and . Mr». Wil-
liam Hobson of Santa -Barbara County, Cal-
ifornia, a native of California, aged 43 yeara
11 months and 19 days. (Santa Barbara .pa-
, pers please copy.)
C7RemaIns wtll be shipped to-day (Tues-
day), by S o'clock a. m. train . from Third
and Townsend streets to Santa Maria. Santa
Barbara County. Cat., for fntenwnt. Re- '
mains at the parlors of Oantner? Oro«.. 12O» ,
Mission .-treet. between Eighth and Ninth,
until to-day (Tuesday), at 6:30 a:' m. '. •
WHITE— In this city. January 3. 1904. Annie..
be'o%-ed mother of William 'F." White, and.:
grandmother of Irene and Milton, White, '»
native of Londonderry. Ireland, aged "».
years and 10 days.
r/Fih-niin ana acquaintances are respert-
• fully invited to attend the to-,
day (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock 'a. m.'. from
the parlors of Carew & English; 29 Van
Xess avenue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral. ,
where a requiem mass will be_ celebrated
for the repose of her «oul. commencing at
0 o'clock. Interment Holy Crojss Cemetery, j
by electric funeral car. from Eighteenth and,
Guerrero streets. .....
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to thank the members of Long-
shoremen's Local Union -No, 224. I. L>. M..
T. A., and out many friends for their kind
sympathy during our late bereavement. • • ¦¦
CONRAD. ANNA. WILLIAM 'AND HER-.
MAN RIEDEL. - ¦
¦»'T",Tf» \VA\TEO— M M.V. r«Tit>nT>»iJ.
WHY p«y big to have your shoes half-
50>d v.-t.fe2i you can sot It dor.» for 25c. ZOc
r.cd COc whl.e you wnit st 5C>5 Mission st_,
l«t. 1st end 2d sis., or 11 Third tt.
FETIST-CLAS.S srlicitcr; ruutt be of good ad-
Oress; character f-w.tr.tial; good pay. Ad4*?s«
r«jx 2745. Cal! orfice.
1'LATK printer; permanent pr*iti'>n for first
class -:iun. Arf>l>" SHREVE & CO.. C12 Mar-
ket st.
PENSION ATTT-. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis Ft.; 14
years' rrs.cf.ee: references from Shourands of
. p*rscr.s for whom I have secured pensions.
TRY our rr.rn'ii shoes, union made, at $1 and
(I &> p£ir; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
*xpr<*£ or mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
"EVANTK1>— £ma!l"t>oy with pfeeet: neat ar>-
. j*arance. Room 61. Delger building. Oakland.
AT onc-f. two hich-trrade canvassers for maga-
zine work. 53 Columbian bldg.: city.
MEN to learn b*rb«r trade. San Frsncisco
P.arbcr Collff. 741A Howard t-t.
SEAMEN for Australia and Europe: a!s-o creen
hands f?r whaling. HERMAN'S. 22 East st.
'PENSION atty.. E. A. Bu'.'is room 4". Phelan
b:flp. Tast Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.Il.
*MrT*ONALD & PERRY have a Urge rtock of
r.ri' i>nd wcond-hand i=horg; <-h»-sp. 2TO 3d Et.
WINCHESTER HottV 44 Third Et near Mar-
ket— 7C> rootii*; Sic nijrht: reading toonis:
fre* 'bus ami i .-.-.^ ,u< to and frotu terry.
CLASSIFIED adv«-tlsr-rr.cnt» and subscriptions
r#i-c!vcd at Call brantfh office. 2200 Illlmore.
ALf, fir** men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
pr-ie*. &C3 Miffi^n st.. btt. lft and 2d ets.
GET your *ho«^ half ?o>d wh5!e waiting: 25c
V> 50c. 5C3 Mifsion ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
llORM'S AJVD WAGONS.
'BLA/TK mare. $25; old mare, S10: milk warn.
$00; r-ed. wagen. $40. 79 City Hall ave.
Al EXPRESS »agon. light camping wagon
er.i go-cart for sale cheap. S32 Miesion et.
FOR ral» — Fine glass-front coupe, with har-
n»sc comrlete. JO11 Sutler «.
¦*"QR sal* 1 — Handsome trap, cheap. Bex 3753.
' Call office.
Largest aesortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. rur-
rey. harness. work. driving hcrses. l^th-Valencla.
BOl'SES TO LET.
A— PRINTED liet of houses to lrt; send for c!r-
• cular. GH.LMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES end flats to let; s.n Immense list;
•Milff absolutrly fre*; take advantage of
• this department: »t will sav* you time and
•. trouble. Corue* Furniture Co.. £45-2*>3 vieary
• •: . cr- the Square.
BEFORE moving (ret our printed list of houses
to !et. BALT'-AIN * HOWELL. 25 Pott st.
IKilM> TO "LET Fl'RXISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house of S rooms and
bath; Oak Ft., r.ear Flllmore; rent cheap.
Arrly t20 Oak et
IX)ST AMI FOr.VD.
LOST — F^xterner. female, black and wh!te
rr.ark-.r.cf f^i r»w8"i if returne-l to DICK
POHERTT. Imperial Saloon. Powell and
Ellis su.
LOST — Suiiday afternoon, amethyst | sr-a!
rharm. Hawaiian coat of arms rut r>n eror.e.
•• FujtaMe reward if returned to €23 Eddy st.
LOljT — On MiMioc-Ft. car. r>r near Tivoli. Sat-
urday «-»r.mf. leather bar and opera glasses;
2WO MiRsinn «. ; euitablr t»«-«M.
LlPKRAL reward raid for return of b'.a^k
muff; lost on Jackscn-rt. car Jan. 3. Box
3020. Call.
UIAMOND r!**. pattern: !ib»rsl . re-
•' -»ard N*. liLOCK. HO Pin* st.
LOST — A ra*s book with the H'.berrila Sav-
ings and Lo«n Society of San Francisco In
the name ot ELIZABETH G. BERRY, No.
260-443. The Cndpr will pleaee return to
• bar.k.
L£iST— LaivF gold -aatch. with Initial* - - H.
'a..'* Haitht-fL car, Saturday morning:
' k^rpsakf of cerusH KiFter. Return to 265
Leu*sat. (re., twtwetn fjllmore and Stetner.
Rem-ard- '
LO5T— A ras^bonk with the Hltx-rnla Ea\-li*ga
and Loan Society of Ran Francisco in the
r.ame of LOUIS C. MAYER. No. 263,02S.
The ftr.'lcr W.Il ples.se return to bar.k.
FOUND — Silver V&teb, Powell and Market. In-
quire Police Staticn, pay charges and receive
same.
BIEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. epec'alUt for all female
complaints ; lrrtsr.t relief gusTS-nteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 626 Post st.
MRS. CR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
Ii»f ruaranteed. lOOS'i Market et., opp. 5th.
VALPEAUS ferr.Ml* pills; beet regulating pills
told:- price $2 "V> by express. Pasteur's
tyrisg^ sit* tablets; price f5. By express
Oily on receipt of rrice. O8GOOD BROTH-
. ER.S. whcless'.e druggists. Seventh and
Brcsflway. Oticland.
PR 5! VT. ODONNELL— AU who are sick or
Jn trouble consult this specialist en female
complaints; positively corrected; the.unfortu-
»ate helped; the mest difficult cases treated;
' «Cvice free . Office. 1018 Market et.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cvred; r.ew method; 1 -reek's treat.
meet free. Dr. Cottir^ham, 204 Sutter st.
Drs. Goodwir. 7S3 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
Jn. obstetric?, tetr.ale complaints; Jest, relief;
treaontnt $10; hours. 10 to S; 25 years' erper.
MP-S D. ALLEX. 111S Market^Reliable ladles'
fpeci?!ist; a private hcrae before and during
•confinemer.t; b»st medical care; low fees.
DR. ROCEN resides 2995 FoTtom St.. corner
26th: ladiFF. relief or no fee; $10.
DR' «*id MRS. DA\1ES and HINDOO HERBS:
or:r:nal method of treatment; 112i3 Market st.
ER NO TOT KEE. 313 Powell et.. opposite
Vr.icn 9-ni.:-T«: all d:gfasf» cured by herbs.
SUSCCLLAXE-ntS — FOR SALE^
HOXLgna. er.&r.e*. 2<i-harwJ machln"ry7 McIN^
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 1U5-137 Fremont su
TTtY ASBESTOS roof pt!nt and be convinced
. that it is the only paint that will step all
; l'ak» in any rocf, either metal or shingle; it
If also the t*f t jreservative paint for all new
; and sh!ngl« rw^fs. and ;.-.al-. .- the roof
la« over tvjee as Ion* than painted with
other v-aints; !t hae no equal. Office. 4ia
California »t.. room 21; telephone James 5"lt>.
DOES YOUR HOOF LEAK?
Ii«r,a:r it with «>!ateriu ; In rolls easy to lay;
• needs no painting or coating; good over old
. Iron, tin or thlngle*; best for new roofs.
EL'ATr'RITC ROOFING CO.. TH Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
puile>*. !<hartins. etc.. etc.. bought, sold.
f rented and exrhnr.s^d: fcee Fur.dav caters
; II. S. ViHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 neair*t_
"A— rine rxitts. $7 .V>; dres« pants. $2 50. OrigS-
r.jj Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny et..
near Burn; open to 0 p. ra.. Eunfiay to noon.
>— Buye. sells or renu gear rcachir.ery, «n-
• gines, boilers, water pipe. Ehafttng. pulleys
: mt£.xt WHTTBXAW. 253-25S Spear st. *
TYPEWRITERg, tlightly used, sold at^oat;
new I'nderwood visible typewriter catalog
»*t:t free. It. E. Revalk A Co., Ean Francisco.
TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
§foot-forra thr^-g *t f2 50; we pay express
chart:* t.. n 3d St.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
A V, TERATION «le— Best $2 fiO ~ats. $1 WX
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny et.. near
Pine: (..pep t> m ¦ sundare to noon.
SAILING irk for flehlng and hunting. 32s
Ruth «;.. third f.oor. room, 4.
FOR «a!e — Qrrrtry counter and barroom flx-
turet. 47^2 California st.
EO .% 1 ?* e '?' J<i *^~on<J-harMl rasoline enginen. I to
12 H. P. ch>«p c. p. Beck (Co., 122 Mkt.
"r"IN*E et^ars! au'omobile: first-class running or-
V.JjgO j^yon St.. Ran Francisco,
SLOT EorttoM ch«ap; - Chiragoes, Twentieth
_i2!!!!ir i^!l£li^ BACIOALUPI. 033 Market.
V^ K S Er l Si ' re ": ••• "*• complete Jlne at J8I0
-v.arkgt. ,,h. Van x*, F RICHARDSON BROS.
**%¥"-!*•¦*• ¦nd s*^ond-hand. THE^HeIT
MANN >*AFE_CO.. 3Q7 Eattery st.
S v'nrv"! 11 ! w^ <1 " h " n<1 • T: « r Wn«'ry of all klndT
KROOH MFO. CO., 513 Market st.
MOVING picture, magic lanterns, eale. rental ;
hargtii^. !'uilard & Breck. 131 Post st.
gjjrg_ d - hand - E - a BECK
'Z*? t>b *- rwor * 1 - supplies, moving
fict-re ranch Inc-K. films. Kacigalupl; 033 Mkt.
£±3£££?£ % n C' TW - i - aut^mohiles and launches:
all iHw J. k. POAiC. 4« Fremoct ft.
*FK for rrlw ou recr;nd-hat.'l typewriters: all
•r.ake#. ALEXANDER & CO.. Ylo Mont/y.
SPECIAL XOTICEg.
NOTICE — The secretary of the San Francisco
Protestant Orphan Asylum Society hertwlth
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mit -ed to the asylum on Halght st. from July
I.' 13*03, to January 1, 1U04: Josephine I.
Johnson, aged 7 yrs. ; Meta G. Johnson, 5
yrs; Florence "VViniston,' "5" yrs'.: Ruth' G.
Estee, 9 yrs. ; Ora M. White. 9 yrs. ; Martha
Gosst-1. 3 yrs.; Fanny Ambler. 11 yrs.; Laura
, Ambler. 0 yrs.: Helen Getts. 7 yrs»; Eva
' Daniels. 2 yrs.: Ensulte Mlnlngham. 1 yrs.;
Katie L. Schmidt. 5 yrs.: Elizabeth A. H1I-
berg. 3 yrs.: - William Campbell. 10 yrs.;
• Cyril C. Willlston. 7 yrs.: Edgar J. Magers.
3 yrs.- and 8 mos.; Herman Lindener; 4 yrs.
and 0 mos.; Jamts R. I. Davis, .6 yrs.; Wll-
. 11am L. Estee, 8 yrs.; Willard E.- Estee. 3
yrs. : /3ustave Deitenbacker, 6 yrs. ; William
Reed. JO yr». : Frank R«ed, S yrs.; Norman
La Abbate. 7 yrs. ¦ .... . . \
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take 00 other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
• In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist
¦ Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
STUTTERING AND STAMMEKIXG.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Curp
• In every case; individual .teaching; no medl-
clne. Inquire Into wonderful- cures ; home cure.
SKAVIXG MACHINES ' AND" SUFTLIES
SE WING" machines— Second hand. $3, -.$5, $8;
slightly used, $10. $15. *20; rents at cut rates.
. New Home Sewing Machine-Co.*.' 1031 Market.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals ?2 SO.- The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. . ¦
A typewriter at any. price; agents Fay-Sholes,
$100: Sun, $40: Commercial, $35: Postal. $21
CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS & WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters, sold., rented, repaired.
, Webster- Typewriting InapecCo.; SOS Marker
• DIVIDEND MOTICE3. ! ''
DIVIDEND NOTICE— CALIFORNIA SAFE
- DEPOSIT AND TRUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery sts.: - For th*
' ' six months ending December 31. 1903. divi-
dends have been declared on deposits in th*
¦ savings department of this company, as foU
' lows : On term deposits • at the rate of
8 6-10 per cent per annum, and- on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per an -
urn, free of taxes.' and payable on and after
Saturday. January 2.' 1904.' Dividends un-
called for are added to the principal after
. January • L 1904. J. DALZELL BROWN;
. .Manager.- • • --•---¦• i • - ¦ '» ¦ •
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 1708 Market st., opposite Third—
For the half-year ending 31st of December,
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
¦ rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock* and -participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after S5ATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON.
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIO.- Secretary;
DIVIDEND Notlcer-Tlie Giant Powdfcr Com-
, pany, Con.: A dividend." No. 61, of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the issued capital
.stock. of the company has been dsclared,- pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202.
204 and 206 Hayward building. San Fran-
cisco, on January 11." 1904; transfer books
close Jan. 4. at. noon. C. C. QUINN.*. Sec. j
OFFICE of the Hibernla Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
eta.— San-Fraocisco, December 28, 19O3.-r-At
a regular meeting of the board of directors
of this society, held this day. a -dividend has
been declared at the rate- of three and one-,
"fourth (3%) per cent per annum on all de-
posits for the six' months ending December
31. 1903. free from all taxes and payable on
and after January 2. 1304... ., ,' :
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery St., corner , Sutter. has de-.
dared a dividend for the term 'ending Decem-
ber 31, 1903. at the rate : of three and" one-
quarter (3V») per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, and payable on and af-
ter January 2. 1904. ,. . , .•»
(Signed) CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
A. DIVIDEND in'JhukJaUon of S per cent on
all depcslts has, piten. Declared by the Cali-
fornia Savings' add Loan' Society, payable
on and after Saturday. Jan. 2. 1904. at the
• office of the society. Mills, building, second
floor, .room 28. San Francisco. Cal. CHAS.
• D. TABQUHARBONV Secretary. ¦ '•-¦ •
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK— For the- half year.
• ending pecember- 31;* 190?; a has '
been declared at the* rate 'of three and one-
eighth (3%) per cent per 'annum on deposlu.
payable on or after Saturday, January 2.
1904. . LEON BOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
MARRIAGF LICENSES.
' The following marriage licehs;s were issued
yesterday: • -.- ¦ ; : . ¦ ¦
James P. Carroll, 22. Sonora, and Clara
Longeway. 20. Sonora.
William E. Mackey, 28; Milton, and Ella E.
McCann. 24, 1217 Pest street.
OI« R. Andersen. 39. Kureka. and Nellie M.
¦ Ferguson, 30, North Yakima. Wash. .
Michael Gross, 3O, -34 Moss street, and Ella
J. 'Kupfersteln. 21. -Berlin.' -. - ...
Thomas H. Bredal. 89, San Jose, and Mar-
ion Pomeroy. 27. San Jose.
Benjamin K. Field. 21. Vacavllle. and Susan
S. Wendell. IS. city. • ¦ ¦ •
Warren M. Phillips. 24, 27S San Carios ave-
nue, and Louisa«J. Miller, city.
Vincenzo Cancilla. 23, 1317 Kearny street,
and Mariana Eunserl. 22. 1317 Kearny Ftre*t.
Nis Hansen. 44. Armona. and Minnie D.
Hough. 26,> Monterey.
Antone Marie. 50. 116 Jackson street,, and
Mary SvilHams, . 40, 116 Jackson street.
Marco Plstochlnl. 2*. 300 Broadway, and
Maria Comozzi 1 . 23. 309 Broadway. ¦ .
• Athol T. Lindsay. 27, Capitola, and Llla B.
1 Whipple. 20. Soquel.
Jose' C. Gaspar.' •"!'. Fan Rafael, and Mary
J. Lahusen, 2«. .'742 Elizabeth street. -
Charles P. Everts, 4O. Rutherford, and Har-
riet M. Tryoh. 34.- Rio Vista. • -> ~
Lee Weaver, 29, 8 Hawthorne street, and
Anna- E. Wh'.taker. 35. -770 Folsom street.
Loren M. Horton, 40, ft Eddy streeW and
Minnie R Renford. 24. 265 O'Farrell street.
BIRTHS-^-MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
' Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted.. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and. be
indorsed with the name and. residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
Notices restricted slmpb*- to the announcement-
. of the event arc published once In this column
f ree^ of charge. j; , , x .
BORN*.'
BALLINGER— In thiscity. November 14, 1903.
• to the- wife, .of William. R.%BaHlnjer. a son-
BROWNSTONE — In Sanger. January l.« 1904,
to the wif> of Harry • P. ' Brownstone, a
• daughter.- ' , — -
DE BOW — In this city, January 1, 1904. to the
wife of M. de .Bow, a son. . , - . _ . . .
LAZZAREV1CH— In 'this city, January 4 t
1904. to Che wife Of Captain L. ' Lazzare-
vich, a son. •' .- . .
MORRIS— 'In this cUy. December ,18. 1903. to
1 the wife, of Charles. J. Morris, a son.
PRESTON— In this city, January 3, 1904; to
the wife of- W. H. Preston, a san.
:: . MARRIED.
DAVIS— DA VIS-rIn this city, December 27,
190.'*. by Rabbi Isidore Myers. Moe E.'DaVls
and*' Grace -Rachel Davis, both of San Fran-
• cisco. . :
FRANKLE— FRANKENBERG — In this city..
December 31. 1903; by Rabbi. Isidore Myers,
Arthur Frankle and Rose Frankenberg. both
of San. Frsncisco., . ¦-. • • ¦• -C..
FRIEDLANDER— APPEL— In this city. Jan-
uary 3 1904; by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Ed-
ward Friedlander and Carolina Appel, both
-of -Sari, Francisco. • •¦
•HENSLEY— SCHAFER— In this city, Decem-
ber 30, 1903, by the Rev; G. A. Bernthal,
Calvin P. Hensley ana Minerva F. Schafer.
both of San Francis-co.
KRAMER— YEHL— In this city. December 27.
• 1003. by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Louis Kramer
and Sophie Ychl. both of San Francisco.
LEVIN— BROWN— In this city. January 3.'
1904. by* the Rev. A. B. J. Brown. Ellis S.
-. Levin and Hattie Brown, both of San Fran-
-' tlseo. _ , ¦ \ ' •
LEVY— WALLENSTEIN— In this city Janu-
i ary S. 1904, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Jacob
' Levy and Berth.a W'allensteln. both- ot San
FraBCisco.' ..¦''•' ' . "•¦'. ~
ROSESr— HOFFMAN— In this city. January
; .". 3, 1 1904.; by.-Rabhl- Isidore Myers.- Bernard
¦ '', .Rosen to Rose Hoffman, both of San Fran-
' : Cisco. ! . .' ...-'- ¦--¦ - >;¦ • ;.">'¦- ¦¦
-¦' ' ¦ DIED.> :
• Aeier.' Mitchell B- Long* Bridget ¦
• Brard. Rcv.-Jaa. N. Lundqulst Oecar E.'
Blake, Julia' A. ' McArdle. Ferguson
•> Brady. Mary »,--- .McAullffe. Mrs M. •
'¦: Christensen. Alfred* .McGlllivray Barbara
Daneri. .Bartolomeo. Manning.. Michael
' Dannheimer, , Louis Musto, Joseph - ¦
; Dooley, Mrs. Clara ; Perry Charles O
• Dunn. George H. . Pritchard. James N.
i Fleming. Catherine Sh.eehan.~- Andrew >
Griffln. Frank *D. ' ' Studley Rev. George
Haseltine. Chas. E. - Swanii. Amelia A
Hlggins. Isabelle F. Thauwald Herman
i .' Kettner. Albert • Tunnell. James AI
\ -: Liljenberg. Llllie K. White. Annie ; .v.-;
AEZER— In this city. Ja'nua'ry 3, 1904 Mitchell
' B. Aeser. beloved son of Andrew and Ual-
. rlna'Aezer, and brother of Clara. Eva and
...Andrew Aeier. a native of Sacramento aged
1: *S**!»J montbs,nd : 10,day,;. ;_ :
BEARD— In St. Louis. Rev. James N. Beard.
D.D.. fieloved husband 'of Cynthia Beard,
father o*f May and Edith Beard, and brother
c>f Burke. Beard of Indiana, a native of In-
diana, aged 53 years 7 months and 4 days.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
BLAKE— In this city. January- 1. 1904. Julia
Ann Blake, beloved wife of the late Thomas
B. Blake (fornvr cwner of the Globe Iron
- Works of Stockton).- ami beloved mother of
Mrs. W. W. Glanville and William H. and
Charles T. Blake, a native of Charleston.
South Carolina, aged S5 years 3 months and
2S days.. .A member ot Redwood. Circle No.
. 72, W. of W.. and Amity Rebekah Lodz*
No. 161. I. O. O. F. (Stockton, Cal.. papers
please copy.)
. tETFrlend* and- acquaintances are re«p«ct-
¦ fully invited 'to attend the funeral service*
Tuesday. January 5. 1901. at 6:30 o'clock
, p. m.. at the parlors of Gantner Bros.. 1203
Mission street, between' Eighth and Ninth.
¦¦ under the auspices, of-. Redwood Clrc> No.
72. - W. of W. Remains will be shipped to-
morrow (Wedae-sday), by- 1 o'clock a. m.
train t-: Sacramento for interment.
BRADY— In this city, January 3. 1904. Mary,
beloved wife of- Philip Brady, and devoted
mother of Joseph Fedimann and Waldo Pool
and Mrs. William .O'Kaae, a native of
Bandon. County Cork. Ireland, aged 53 years
5 months 16 days. - •.
C^r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m., from h«T late
residence. 1134*4 Folsom street, thence to
' St. -Joseph's Church, where a solemn" requiem
high mass will be .celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.' Please omit
- flowers.
CHRISTENSEN— Drowned i»- ¦ Napa River.
December 15. 1903. Alfred Chrlstensen. • be-
loved brother of Mrs. George Sack, a native
of Denmark, aged i 27 years 9 months and
11: days, a member of Master .Mariner*'
Benevolent Association. Brickhandlers" .Pro-
tective and 1 Benevolent Uniori and Pacific
Mutual' Aid - • • ¦-•¦
fu7Frlendt, and acquaintances are respect--
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at* lft o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of Theodor Dlerks. 957 Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth. In-
• terment Cypress Lawn "Cemetery.
DANERI— In -this »i*y, January 3, 1904, Bar-
tolomeo Daneri. beloved husband of Anna
Daptri. a .native of. Jtaly, aged 75 years.
tC7Funeral will take place Tuesday, 9th
lnst....-at*10 o'clock a. m.. from hU lata
residence. 23 Scott place, off Broadway, be-,
tween Powelb and Mason streets, thence t£
Sts. Peter an" Paul's Italian Church, where-
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10:30
- o'clt-ck a. m., thence for New Italian Ceme-
tery. : .- . . . ...
DANNHEIMER— In this city. January •* 1904.
Louis Dannhelmer, a native of Germany,
aged 78 years 2 months and 26 day*.
'• "CTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock.- from Maaonle
Temple, where services will be held under
the auspices of Hermann Lodge No. 127. F.
and A. M. Cremation Odd Fellows" Ceme-
tery." Remains at the- parlors of Theodor
Dlerks:. 057 Mission street, between Fifth
and Sixth.
DOOLEY— In Salt Lake City, December 31.
1903. Mrs. Clara Z. Dooley wife of the late-
N. P. Dooley. aged 34 years and 5 months.
CT Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday)." at
10 o'clock, from the parlors of Carew & Eng-
lish^ 29 Van Ness avenue. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
DUNN — In Fort 5 Bragg. Mendocino County.
January 2. 1904,' George Herman Ducn. be-
loved sort of Mrs.' Matilda Dunn, and brother
of Wilbur L., Stella V... Frank M.. Sara E.-
and, the late Clara B. Dunn, a native of
Oakland. Cal.. aged 2(5 years and 1 month.
A member of Live Oak Lodge So. 61. F.
and A. M. ; Fountain Lodge No. 168. I. O."
O. F., and Oakland ' Chapter No. 140. O.
E. S. •'• .'..«•**
FLEMING — In this city. January *. 1904. at
her residence. 1716 Mission street. Catherine,
beloved wife of James Fleming, a native
of County Kerry. Ireland, aged 73 years
and- 2 months.- . . .
GRIFFIN— In this city. January 4. 1904.
Frank D. Griffin, dearly beloved husband of
the late Mamie L. Griffin, devoted father of
¦ Bertram Griffin.- son of John D. Griffin, and
' brother of Daniel. Denis and John Griifin.
aged 40 years.
' • C7Krlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
January 7. 1004. at 8:30 o'clock, from the
rfsldence.of his brother, John Griffin. 2321
. Bryant street, thence to St. Peter's' Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of hta soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment .Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HASELTINTS — In this city. January 3. l*>04.
Charles E... beloved husband -of- the late
Mariette W Hasetltine. and father of Charles
W.. Louis B., Harriet Ruth and" Eben B.
: Haseltine and Mrs. William- Carr. a native
of Maine, aged SO years S months 7 (Jays.
E7"rhe funeral cervices -will be held to-
day .(Tn^day). at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. at
• his late residence. 3S0 San Jose avenue, be-
tween Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. • - . •
HIGGINS— In this city. January 3. 1904.
Isabelle Frances Hlggins, beloved sister of
Mrs. W. B. Malloy. a native of San Fran-
cisco. - - ¦ ¦•¦ - -
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral to-day
(Tuesday). January 5. at 8:30 o'clock a. m..
from the residence of Mrs. Malloy.' 14 Shot-
well .street, thenc* to St. Charles' Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of ber soul, commencing at
0 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦ • • ¦ . . . . . ¦
KETTNER—In this city. January -2. 1904. Al-
bert Kettner. a native of Germany, aged 67
years 8 months and 3 days. -
£7Fflends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral "Wednes-
day ' January A. 1904 at 1 o'clock, from
Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter' street, where the
services will be held under the auspices of
North Beach Lodge No. 9. O. d. H. S; In-
tsrment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains
I at Charles J. B. .Metzler's undertaking par-
lors 636 Washington street.
LILJENBERG— In this city. January 2. 1904.
Llllie ¦ Kreckman. beloved wif« of Frank O.
Liljenberg. and sister of Mrs. Edward W.
Kern, a native of Rochester. N. Y.,' aged
37 years 11 months and 4 days. (Rochester
papers please copy.)
tuTFrlemis and acquaintances are resptct-
. fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. January 5. 1904. at 1:30 o'clock.
,. at her late residence, 664 Hampshire street.
between 'Eighteenth and Nineteenth. In-
terment will take place in Rochester, ,N. Yy
LONG— In this city. January 1. 1904. at her.
• residence. 66 Webster street.' Bridget Long.
beloved Mster of Mrs. Robert Stein, rand aunt
of May Stein. Mrs. Theresa Fett and Mrs.
J. F.'Foran. a native of Ireland.
LUNDQUIST— In this city, January 3. 1304,
Oscar ¦ K.,. beloved husband oX Marie Lund-
qulst, and brother of Hllma Mathilda and
Axel Alfred Lundqulst. a native of Sweden.
i aged "41 years and 6 months.
E7" Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
. fully. Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from Pythian
Castle, 909 Market street, under the aus-
pices ¦ of the Swedish Society. Interment
Cyprus Lawn -Cemetery, by carriage..- \ Re-
mains at the nariors of Halsted & Co.. 940
Mission street. -'• •
McARDLE — In this city. January 3. 1904. F«r-
guaon McArdJe. . beloved son of the late
Michael and Ann McArdle, and brother of
: Owen" ana John McArdle and " Mrs. ¦ Efleh
' Marrln, a native of. Columbia. Tuolumne
- County Cal., aged 42 years 11 months and
1 1 day.
McGILLIVRAY — la this city. January 4. 1904,
! Barbara, beloved, wife of Joseph McGilll-
' vray. a native or Scotland.' aged 80 years.
McAULIFFE— In tnls, city. January 4, 1904.'
Mrs. M**~r> McAullffe, beloved mother of
: Irene ! McAullffe, •' and" sister of Mrs. T. H. '
Spotswood and Edward -Burns, a native' of
San Francisco, aged 3i years 10 months anJ
11 days. •.-•¦-.,'.--¦
• ic? Remains- at the parlors of Valente.
MarlnlA Co..' 1324 Stockton street, between
Union and .Green. ' . • •
MANNING-r-In this city, January. 3.' 1904.
Michael Manning, a native of .Ireland, aged
62 years. _:.-,, \ .. ¦ i
' MUSTO— In tfcis city. January 3. 1904. Joseph.
' ¦ beloved* husband- of Maria Musto. and fathei
of Clarence. Guide- Manraret, Laura, Flor-
ence} Lotta and Mme. Emilia Tojettl. a na-
tive of the province of Chlavari. Italy, agjd
, 74 years. Jv^tAlV.ni'* jjj
"?""Funeral services will be held -Tuesday,
, January 5. 10W. at 1:30 o'clock, at his late
. residence. Funeral orivate.
PERRT— In tht« city. January 2. 1904. Charles
. O Perry, a native* of Greencastle. Ind.
CC""*Frlends are 'invited to attend the tu-
¦ nera-l services at 2 o'clock". Wednesday. Jan-
uary «.' at the. First Unitarian Church, cor-
. ner Franklin ¦ and Geary streets. Remains
at the parlors of'N. Gray t, Co., 355 Sut-
¦ ' ter street. ' ; . ' ' ' \ , .
PRITCHARD^-In this city. January 3. 1004..
. James Noel, beloved son of - Frederick L.
' and . Rose , L. Prltcnard. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and ¦ 20 days. ,
Cyinterment private.
SHEEHAN— In this ' city. January 2. 1904.
Andrew Sheehan. a native of County Car!ow.
Ireland; aged 63 years. A member of La-
borers' Protective Union No. S044.
, tCFriend* and acquaintances ar* reaprct-
fully InVited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
F. J. MONAHAN. Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN,* O'HAR A ¦&. CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
' s 2339-2341 Mission ist.. near Nineteenth.
¦ :-..' San Francisco. •
James McGinn. -Henry Hansen.
¦ JAMES McGINN & CO.. .' "
Formerly With McGinn Bros..-. -.
¦ Funeral Dlrettors and Embalm;rs—
- - 214 ' Eddy st. : 'Tel. South 576.
I MISCELLAXEOCS WASTS.
I BOOKS and Hbraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
I 1143 Market st.: phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
j I I'AY highest price* for all kinds of cast-off
j dc-thing: fend postal. MORRIS. 870 Foisom.
I TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. : tel Jessie 2S31.
-•» ¦•*»
MOXEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHyT"~
601-C02-603 Examiner bunding.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Kstat*^. second mortgages, undivided inter-
ens, asrignrcects of r=nt». property In trust.
etc.: legacies. life estates and undivided ln-
m-<?sts in property uurchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Wh*n You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ANY arnotni •¦>! money quickly!'.!
On your f urr Uure and piano without removal,'
or any cthrr good security; fairest, rates;
Mr'ctly ccnftler.tlal: no commission; private
party. Rcotx 68, Donohoe building, 1170
* Market tt.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bonrdlnir- houses, without
f*>cuntj-; eary payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY r:sr>prt*ble private place to obtain
liberal ndvancc-s on diamonds. Jewelry, at Ii
•*t cent Interest. . Baldwin Jewelry Store,
Si«> Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOAXS on fur-
niture, planes, or to salaried poople on th'lr
note: proper tneatm«r.t guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16, Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
A — 1 per <rt-n». on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, n.- commission, no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFKICK. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low interest: sold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stoaes bought
at "W. J. HKSTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
NEW easy method— To wage-earners on unln-
doretil notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bid*;.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture: indorsed note* and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phela-n building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; trtrlct
privacy ;no commission ;installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory' building.
ALL Joan* on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. t?. F. Collateral Lean Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, « Eddyst.
1 PER c»nt on furniture or piano. 100H Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg., 7C8 Market et. •
STAR Loan Co. of Wyomlnr loans money to
salaried employee. R.311. Mutual Kav. Bk.bld.
CASH loaned *alan»4 people on notes without
i-!dorf*r. MOKELL. tf<« Examiner building.
v^J(i^£5£AV'?fSTRUME>TS !
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
up. including such makes as Chickering. Vose.
Kroeger. Curta*. Kirkham. Pease. Hardman
Marshall & Wendell. Baus and others. EEN'j!
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st. No
branches in San Francisco.
PURING the n<*xt few days we Fhall off.T un-
usual ot'portunity for the purchase of good
instruments at exeeedinglj- low prices;- you
can make money by calling on us at once.
THE ZTENO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY,
763 Market 6t. : ¦
JUST arrived, 3 carloads new pianos, for rent
$3 per tria; 11 good «cond-hand riano? to'
!¦*• fold at cost. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.,
5«0 Hayes n.
PIANOS rented $2 up; tostallments, $4 up;
Isrg^ft wholesale and retail piano house of
the West: write or call for our extensive bar-
galn lift. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
ne-*-; $135. 237 Geary st
$65— UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany-: nearly
new. HORNUNQ BROS.. 216 McAllister at.
ALMOST new upright; cheap; cash or tnstall-
m«nt. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL, 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; Facrlrtce. Keefre's.285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Maury pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-3I2 Post st
SUPERIOR vjoilas, zithers, pldand new. , H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and. best in America— Tha Wee*l7
Call. 16 pa^es. sent to any address 'in' the
I"n*te<1 State* or Canada one year for tl."- '''
OFFICES A!VD STORES TO LET.
NICE fine ojflco to let; also fine front desk
room. Call at 419 California St.. room 21. '
PERSONALS.
BARON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Young ladles steadily employed can have
Baron's cloaks, suits. • furs and tailor-mada
#ults to order; on weekly or monthly pay-
ment plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling on ! BARON, 762
Market Et.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths: face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and ccld water; trained nurse* as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 40t> Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cure* dandruS
and itching: scalp: no etaln or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists", hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133S
Polk st. ¦
A — COME ar.d let our doctors give you free
examination and advice: you pay for the
medicine only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1500 Mission 6t.. cor. 11th.
A NEW idea In Jewelry and Central American
curies. . Indian curtains, draperies, chawl*.
etc: the only store In the city "that carries
this. FP>0WI£S & SON. 1239 Polk. nr. Sutter
NOT how cheap but how good is tha motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent, 1021 Market St.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, tocaite habit. Call- or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
SPECIAL OFFEH for 1 mo.: ln<ilts.' suits made
to order; flrft-olass work; $1(>; with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 2HQ Geary.
DRUNKENNESS morrhfne and all druRs- dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark: Co.,
1S33 Polk St.; consultation free; call or write..
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 037 Mar-
ket st.. room 203; 'phone South 731. • '
AT !?£S than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 7"il Market st.
"ELEGANT suits on easy installments; 50 c«*nts
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket st.. between Seventh and Eighth. ,
DAN'CING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st.. 'near
9th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
Bon Marche Pants Co. ; special $5 pants to or-
dcr. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE coBtumes/. play books, wigs;
country ordcry. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 5O: r t5ress pa'nts $2-507
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. "Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for-the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 1008 Market St.. upposlte ?Flfth.
Oi-en until 11 p. m. ' -.
PAL.j(*t*iTrVY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist' and astrolo'-
giM; palm readings $1; U questions by ex-
press. $1; open Tuesday eve. also. 133 Post st.
NEERGAARD palmistry cla-s begins Jan. 5. 8
P- ni.. at g<2 Poet st, : readings dally. . :
H. JEROME FOSELLI. palmist. 515
Tayicr gt.. near Geary. Phone Flack 501.
LEGAL ADVEIITISE31KXTS.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS-
?«otioe is hereby given that, pun-uant to the
provision of Article Eight of tSt- mortcace
from this Company to the Central Trust Com.
Tc£?" ?L N ? r York ' T ™stee. datcl August I.
JVnt this Company hag set apart cut of the
railroad therein mortgaged the mm of Twen-
ty-five thousand dollars in truK: to be uced
to redtem said bonds, and that bot.ds Issued
*L a i?Z r **i 1, I ? orts "£' ! W|U be rej-emed there.
with and bids are hereby invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to !>•« named by
the bidder?, to the amount requisite to ex-
haust raid sum. Such bids should be pre-'
wnted to this Company at its office 120
Broadway. In the City of New Y.-rk. on or
before the 1st day of February 1904 at'
l TS!. v * # °' cI 2 ck noon - a*"* should be Indorsed
"Bids for Surrender of Central Paclnc Rail
way Company Flr»t Refunding 3or.J* •'
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY C0MP\NY
k- »% E V H ' HARRIMAN. President. '
h«w York. . January 2, 1904.
tlBAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SATLK.
HENRY
(Of David Stern & Sons),
THURSDAY, JANUARY 14. 1904. *
At 12 o'clock noon.
At Salesroom, f .
11 MONTGOMERY ST. ' '•• ;
' COLE STREET. .
"~u lW 25 I 25 I 25 I 25 I 25 I 25 I 25.
« , . r: 1
k 0 ' •¦• c
w o • • . c
g u * - l , r*. ¦-
»" • '-, ¦
ej 13 " :8 .137:6 g
s w
r — a
£ g g M
r *-' 3 »
?« a • v- h.i
• _ - — _ k$ .
s -
8 137:6 I 137:6 "
y 100 <
_
¦ « % '
»a - ¦ - S ' Sj
w
M " ' ' ¦ • '
*** ' 100 - - - - ¦ ""
» 25 I 25 25 25 26 25 | 25 j
CLAYTON STREET.
~ i STREET WORK DONE.
FACING GOLDEN OATE PARK.
3* -CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
FELL ST.. BOULEVARD AND PANHANDLE.
FELL. HAYES. CLATTON AND COLE ST8.
40 per cent cash, balance at 6 per cent in-
terest. "
For further particulars apply to
HTINRY STERN, 11 Montgomery et.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. AcenUf.
25 POST ST.
$9,250— Rents $92 50 per month; new bulld-
InK. containing 4 flats of 4 and 6 rooms
and bath each: Jot 35x90: $600O mort-
' gage at 6 per cent can remain; Guer-
rero si.
$4,000— Rents $42 per month; 4 separate flats
of 4 rooms *ach; close to Third st. and
Southern Pacific depot; lot has double
frontage.
$6.600 — Corner 23x1 10. vicinity of Golden Gate
ave. and Stelner St.; front .house of 8
rooms and bath and 2 flats adjoining;
all in perfect condition.
$4.300— Downtown building lot, size 30x60 to
rear street: vicinity, of California and
Stockton rts.; owner will exchange for
other city property.
$24,000 — Largr« corner on Third at., a, few min-
utes' walk from Market St.; present
rents with old improvements $117 50 per
month; splendid buy.
$9.500 — Washington St., near Kearny: busi-
ne*s " property ; 2-story brick building,
store and rooms above; rents $67 5O per
month.
$12,000— Oak 1 *t.. near entrance to Golden Gate
Park; lot 25x137:6; new building Of 3
ceparate flats of 6, 7 and 7 rooms and
bath each; rents $105 per month.
$5,500 — 2-story house of 7- rooms and bath;
Webster St.. near Washington; excellent
location. ¦ . -
$7.500— Powell st.; lot 40x70; rents $66 per
*.« month: frame bulldlnj; separate flata* , :
$18,500— Rents $16S 50 per month; large lot, 4S
xl37:6; brick and frame buildings;
'stores 1 and rooms above; under lease;
vicinity ot Kearny and Pacific sts.
$6,150 T -Baker st., near California; 2- flats of
'5 and « rooms and bath each; rents $600
per annum. \. • ¦
$11,750— Rents $92 per month: lot 25x160 to
• • ¦ rear «re*t; Folsora -St., near Sixth,
bufiwii property. • - ¦
$5500 — COR. store, flat, cottage, with stock o£
groceries and bar.
$6*>00 — 2 new flats, 5 and 6 r. and b. on Dor-
land St.; rents $62 50 per month.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission it.
CALIFORNIA ¦ House Wrecking Co. pays • tha
highest price for buildings and will wre^k
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts.. effice and yard.
FOR sale— 68 9-12x137:6 on Pacific St.; under
lease; $S5 per month ground rent. Inquire
CHAS. C. BEMIS. 206 Hayward building.
BUILD on your unimproved realty:" we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6- per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CQ.. Crocker building.
CHIMNEY tops set ud. roofs, repaired by
Ahlbacb b. Mayer, plumbers. S36 Howard st.
LOTS. N or 6 side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by TV. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
REAL ESTATE-r-Cojintry— For Sale.
718 ACPES near Mayfle'd. 11 miles from San
Joee: 100 acres full bearing prunes; larga
vineyard; all Rood land; water piped every-
where; immense concrete reservoirs; flna
bouses, sta.blfs, barns, etc.; fenced in S fields;
ccst $160,000: price $50,000. THORNE &
KILPATRICK. 312 Bush st. San Francisco.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
. $200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBKOUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
, legues sent free. C. M. W00STER CO.. 643
Market St.
SONOMA and Santa Clara farms, orchards, al-
falfa, srrape. grain and poultry farms. PE-
TERSEN REALTY CO.. 1035 Market St.
LAND in S?.n Joaquln for rent; will eeli
cheap. Owner. 454 Thirty-fourth St.. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United State* or Canada one year for $1.
poiXT uichSiotvp real, estates.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL, 417 ParrQtt bldj.
4 LOTS chean for cash. 328 Bush sL. room
4. third fV>or. ¦ -•
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL bargains In lots in the Crystal Springs
Tract; this tract Joins Grove-et. car line,
two blocks of Dwlght way station and Tour
blocks of the high school; will sell you lots,"
with the street work done or not; prices
from $10 to $15 per front foot: can sell you
these lots on easy terms or we will build
you a house in this tract on easy terms;
5-room house for sale; large lot; near Col-
lege ave.: cheap; wtll sell or rent you fac-
tory site In West Berkeley; call and see our
properties. . ¦ •
. " CHENEY & BERRY. •
Pcstofflce block. Berkeley;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE. .;»
CHEAP LOTS. CHEAP LOTS. -,
$5 cash,' $2 50 monthly; fln». level lots; aoll
and location euperb; price $75.
$10 cash, $5 monthly: level lots in new set^-
' tlement: soil' and location the best; 50x145;
price (150. . . .
?25 cash, $7 50 monthly; extra fine lots lOOx'
122:6; 75 homes Just gone up; has a great fu- r
ture; see them; price $300; will build you a
home.
. Near two electric lines, school, church, wida
boulevard and adjoining East Oakland: section
building up with good, substantial people 'Call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh St., Oakland,
opposite .Broadway station; carriage, free H
Z. JONES; owner. •
' ; ; OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET. :'.,
MONTANA House. 320 Eighth st.:' sunny
- . sultf and ulnrle rooms- for housekeeping • •
O AKL AK D FURXITURB FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW tli*. day for bargalnT7iP7urn^
, tare. U. Schellha-as, 11th st.,cor.store, Oakland.
m B£OMS_ FOR HOPSEKEEPIXG.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
HAIOHT, 218 — 2 eplendld. rooms. $20; also very
sunny . front room, with kitchen; $17 50.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine «t_.
near" Hyde—^Suriny 5-room furnished suites;
steam heat: electric lighted;, free baths;
rates $30 up. - ' * . -
MISSION, 1682%.; near .Thirteenth-^ sunny
roome. furnished for housekeeping;- 2 : beds;
--coal stove;. $13. ¦-.',> :•.¦'':-,.";-_ •-' .";.v-i-
MODEL House, 1206 Stcckton — Newly furnished
rooms. $5-$12; gas, ba^h. > phon«'> > . . ''••¦
NINETEENTH. 343t>. bet.^ Mission and- Va-
lencia — 3 nicely furnished sunny, rooms, front
bay window, parlor; Hack '. parlor* and large
kitchen: well furnished-; coal and gas ranges;
rent cheap to permanent people. 1 "f"j .
O'FARRELL. 402, corner TayWr— 2 furnished
j housekeeping rooms; grate; sink.
POLK, 1020. near Geary— Neatly furnished
front housekeeDlng rooms: reasonable.
BUTTER. 2620 — Furnished bedroom, 'dinlng-
room. kitchen, yard, bath: use- parlor.
APARTMENT SOUSES.
Jag MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS. ~£U''?.
Corner Pine and Taylor sts.; beautiful new
modern apartments;:, all sunny corner suites;,
furnished or unfurnished; non« superior; ma-
rine view.- LYON & HO AO,-, 116 Montgomery.
-THE GABLES, j
Cor. Clay and Larkin ste.— Modern 3-4-5-room
• up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
' nished; all- latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises,-.l to 4; terms reas.
BT. CECILE, 115 Fell st;. above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in modern, .elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments; ¦ private bat !•..«..
steam heat. elec. lights, elevator; gas ranges'.
i
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson St.— Moderns 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references. ,\
AUGUSTINE. 945 Post— 3 and 4' rooms; fUT-
nlshed new and up to date. : . ¦ ..
HADDOXHALL.
051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
i ' . "' :
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unfurn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1.50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.'
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth «t.— Rooms
25c to $1 -per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
- light housekeeping rooms; open » 11 night.
ABERDEEN. 836 8utter — Just opened; hand-
somely, fur. ; cor, suites: bath; sun all day;
fine view; single rm*. ; tourists; excl. location.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, -50c. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 SO to $10 week; house open all night.
AT the Pierpont, 450 Ellis— Newly furnished
rms.; elevator; hot & cold water; .transient.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No" 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
¦
BUSH, 866 — Single rooms, private family, for
gentlemen with best- references; -no sign.-'
CALIFORNIA. 2304. bet. Webster and FilU
- more— Good room; grate; bath adjoining:; $8.
CAP/*, 816 — Sunny furnished front. rooms; pri-
vate family: rent reasonable. '¦- • '•
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Maafln— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
» 11
FILLMORE. 028. near McAHJSter St.— Nicely
furnished room In »' fine Ideality; car' lino
passes the door; reasonable. - .." '_" '"
FOURTH, 475 (first floor) — Nicely furnished
room' in private family; rent reasonable.
FULTON; 1605— Front room} furnlshed.*V '•'
GRAND Southern. Tth and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 60 night: $1 to $3 week r -reading-room.
LARCHMONT. 361 Sutler— Sumy rooms:, elec-
tric lights; elevator; central; transient 1 '.. '-¦
'-^IcALLISTER. 1302— Large sunny, pleasant
. furnished -room for gentleman. ' ";•
POWELL, 317— Sunny front suite for doctor or
dentist ;• also other furnished rooms: -- ¦
ROYAL House. 126 ElUs— Incandescent lights,
reading-room. smoklng-roOm and 'ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night.- 35c to $150; week. $2
to |S; month; $8 to $30; elevator, on ground
floor; rooms with hot and -cold water; baths.'
ET. -JAMES, McAllister-and Laguha— A sunny
furnished single .room; rent $7.' '" .
SUMNER, va. — 2 surmy • 'unfurnished- front
rooms. ¦ •- ¦• ¦ • - * ' * : - ' •-.- '- V : • '
BUTTER; 1O22V4. near Hyde— --Large- . sunny
double parlors,- with.kltch., laboratory ;'rea,8,
THE FREMONT. 1864 MARKET. ST.— Strictly,
first-class elegantly , furn. rooming hotel. ,
Tel. South 1133. Capt. H. O. Ulberg. Prop. ¦•
TURK. 200, corner Jones — Nicely furnished
tunny room- .
TURK. 121S^- Furnished room, with use- of
kitchen it desired; also single front room. . !
UNITED STATES^. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to.$l night. $1.75 to. $6 week; elec-'
trie lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome sunny furnished"
suites and single -rooms; all -conveniences! . ' '
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
. Moet convenient and 'respectable; 700 rooms:
85c to $1.50 night; $2 to ?S week: elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus ; baggage.
WOLF Hou?«. £02 "Sixth— .Electric . iieht In
every roam: room' from 15c to $1 per nlgbt.
75c to $5 r*r week: open all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.- subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church, sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
Opened at 1003 Market Et.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦ .'' -
ROOMS A.VP^ BOARD.
£^~~~"^~H0TEL BALTIMOReT*"
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR 6EARY. ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY. HOTEL.
. ¦ HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGKR & ZEKERG. PROPRIETORS. .
A 1 HOTEL HATTON — ' £££
r SE. .COR. PINE AND TAYLOR
This new and rustic constructed,. hotel is sit-
uated In the city's swellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout with all
the very latest conveniences; is now cpen for
occupancy; reservations can now be made oa.
prcmises daily. j; '
A- ¦ THE~DRES.DEN ¦ -
SELECT FAMILY BOARDING-HQUSE. 1442
FULTON.. BET. BRQDERICK AND BAKEK.
CALIFORNIA. 1 1246— Most 'select location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home:
table unsurpassed; marine.vlew. •
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. and Van Uess
ave.. has changed hands: hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
FURNISHED rooms with board. 740 Ellis St..
THE NIRA. 013 Taylor--Nlcelr furnished, sun-
ny suites; also .single;' excellent. table. , -
NEWPORT. 1018 .Pine, near Taylor — Large sun-
ny room; alio slngle t roomj. excellent table.
Stevenson^ mansion. SO" California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; "colored service; table- specialty.
O'FARRELL. 3CS — Furnished rooms; home*
cooking; -German family; 60' per '.week. ." . »
PHYSICIANS A>'D_aUR.«EON9.
DR. C." C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
1021 ",4 Market st... bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women, ' :^
DR. M. MATSU.DA has returned from Orient
• Now at SE. corner Geary. and Taylor sts.M
BLOOD skin and rectal -diseases a specialty.-
1 -DR. BALL. 1073 \j Market St. - • . ...
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases -of the human body; for
• 'past four years at 115-117 Mason;, now Io-
cated at '667 Geary st*.' near Leavenworth..
DR. PONG 1 PO CUT, successor to Dr. LI "Po
Tai, herb doctor, cures all/diseases of human
'. by use of herba and teas. 727. Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— AH dls-
¦ eases* Cured by Chinese herba., 740-3 Clay st.
1 A — EMPORIUM "Storage '& Van ' Co. ; furniture.
. household goods • stored, moved, shipped. 725-'
731 Howard .st;, nr. Thlrdr Phone -. Grant' 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.,'6f-~
K flee Post and Powell sts.; lei.' Prlye. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dlse.- Z-Ti Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12«t.
GOLDEN'-, Went StoraKe: advances ; made; 840
Migsiqn St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W^ Zchfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving. Com-
4 pany.- 2320 Fillmorest^;. phone, Jackson 281.
BEKIXS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
,¦•.. st. ; tej. Main " X&*0. Shipping; at'" cut rates. •
PLACE; YOUR: OBOEiS EARLY \
lT?.^20ih GENTURYI
1 goiikIhik r
Another shipment will ' -/,
arrive abont January 21, .
1904. ' '¦ :"• ' I/-:."
In order to satisfy, the '.
demand for this premium -
. we have, ordered another
carload of these books,*
, ; and all persons sending to
The Cook Book Depart-'
mentof this paper .a : six
months" subscription' to-
The Dally and Sunday
Call may secure one of the
Twentieth j Century Cook
* Books' at the premium ; ." ,,,'
rate of 50c.
| Oa{-of-]own sybscribsrs should raran a
120c additional io prapay transporiaiiai 1
charges. , . '\ . \^' • •^¦....\|,"a quasi-military organization, entrusted with
the maintenance of the peace and quiet of the
community and the 'observance of the laws on
the part of its inhabitants and If officers of
th*» police department" of this city—a'depart
ment whose record for excellence is -unsur
passed by that of any- other city In the Union —
are not to bi. upheld in -their efforts to carry
out their Instructions and the orders of their
superior officers the discipline of the organiza
tion will become seriously impaired.'
I am opposed tn an unwarranted assumption
of authority on the part of .any member of
th» Police .Department. - •
I am opposed to ithe unnecessary, use of the
club or of any uncalled' for force or violence
cm the part of'any officer In carrying ont his
orders or performing: his duty; but In this case
nothlnc has been shown to' prove that Officer
Foearty departed In the slijhtest degree from
his clear duties in the premises.
And I find him "not ruilty."
• A fine o£ $10 was imposed upon the
patrolman. . ; : : •
Artistic Picture Frames.
We have the moderate priced as well
as the high-grade picture frames and
moldings. Pretty goods which appeal to
the most fastidious lovers of art at even
more reasonable prices than. ever before.
Sanborn. Vail &.Co., 741 Market St. •
Lawyer Dies From Exposure.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4. — Colonel
Thomas P. Campbell, a well-known
lawyer, who assisted in the prosecu
tion of the assassins of Governor Goe
bel Kentucky, died to-day as the
result of his exposure and experiences
in the schooner yacht Roamer, which
was wrecked on December 10 on Rum
Cay, in the Bahamas.- .
Xcw Yorker Dies in Santa Ana.
SANTA ANA, Jan. 4.— O. N. Whit
ney, aged 38, a prominent resident of
Syracuse, • N. Y.. died here to-day.
Whitney, was manager and secretary
of .'the ;¦'• People's- Mutual Savings,
Building i\nd Loan Association. He
was a thirty-second degree Mason.
Colonel' Hart Gibson Dies.
ST.. PAUL, Minn., , Jan. 4. — Colonel
Hart Gibson,* formerly, a noted Ken
tucky breeder! of thoroughbreds and
a'brother of the lateJSenator. Randall
L. Gibson of Louisiana, died here to
day of heart disease/;!
Cattle Breeder -Passes Away.
KANSAS \ CITY, "** Jan. , . 4.— T. A.
Simpson, a. well known breeder of fine
cattle,' died at' his home at .Independ
ence" to-day, aged' 83 years.
Watchman Killed by Train.
{ . John f >McCall, a watchman in
employ^of* the; Southern Pacific Com-
Ipany,' was struck; and instantly killed
;by/a.8wilph engine 'last night at 8:30
o'clock-': at;- Fourth ' and Townsend
streets. McCali; who was 70 years of
age. was crossing the tracks and failed
jtol observe*; ah' approaching train. . He
.was thrown^ tf> ; one side of ' the track
and. none 'of the wheels, passed over
tKe .body. "The; deceased was unmar
ried and : resided at "Fourth and Chan
neFstreetsr.;.Patrick A. Hart, the en
gineer of ; the locomotive, was arrested
[oii'a; cKargeVof and sub
sequehtiy) released on bail.
"Gasteam"
Is>, the, name of a new heating: appliance
that r is,juisf the' thing for public build
ings "and residences. It does the work
cheaply. Particulars from S. F. Gas and
Electric Co.V>41>>»Post st. •
'Claims He Stole Watch.
; /» Louisj-Kleiniwas arrested last night
( by. petective ' -Harry . Braig and his
name entered ;_on ; the detinue book at
the City Prison. L.C. Levy of 1033
McAllister street alleges that Klein're
lieved^him of: a gold watch on v a Mc-
Allister-street car several weeks . ago.
; Do you wear glasses? Properly fitting
glasses and Murine Eye Remedy promote
Eye i comfort. •: N Murine makes weak eyes
strong. Druggists and opticians. •
Held for Counterfeiting?.
John Attridge and Charles Callen
.were held°yesterday by United States
Court Commissioner Heacock for trial
oh a' charge of counterfeiting. ' •
1 Piro's.Cufe for. ; Consumption gives relief iln
cases' ot-'Coughs' and '" Cold." All ! druggists." 23c.»
The Loving Service Circle of the
King's Daughters and Sons was incor
porated yesterday for the purpose of
doing charitable work. The directors
are Alice M. Goss, Rose. A. Emmons,
May E. Gorham, Mary E.' Glover and
Florence M. Smith.
Good Deeds Their 'Object.
-OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— George H.
Dunny a' commercial traveler residing
at 34 Mead avenue, died suddenly last
Saturday at- Fort Bragg. The re
mains were brought to Oakland to-day
and the funeral will be held Wednes
day front the Masonic Temple under
the auspices of Live Oak Lodge No.
61, F. and A. M.; and Fountain Lodge
of Odd Fellorrs, of. which Dunn Was" a
member. The deceased leaves a
widowed mother, Mrs. Matilda Dunn,
two sisters and a brother.
Mrs. Ellen Lewis died January 2
at her home, 694 East Thirty-second
street, aged 69 years.
Deaths in Oakland.
Of all the men whom' I have ever intimately
known Dr." Beard - possessed the most •»iriti;
metrical and perfect . character: • with marvel
ous self-command I and coolness of judgment,
he was- as >• sympathetic and sensitive -as- a
woman; with an imperial intellect illuminated
with broad culture, his Christian faith was as
steadfast. aa the stars, unly last Monday he
said to me, . "Never* were. . the great verities
ot religion so real I and precious . to I me as they
are to-day. The .Bible with the light of mod
ern scholarship focalized upon it Is a new 'and
srander book than ever." Broadly tolerant, ; he
was a puritan in his fidelity to conviction and
would stand alone and die if need be (or what
be believed to be right. . '< " .
In his home life Dr. 'Beard' revealed a side
(if hla character little known to many of his
friends. There he was all tenderness, thought
fulneae, affection, devotion. There Is no doubt
that, tho fragile health. of -his wife,', together
nlth- the strain :of?the lastrfew weeks, .ac-*
centuuted his weakness, which 'has long caus?d
hla friends. anxiety., - ¦ ¦ •.
It Is ¦ indeed a mysterious orovidence ' which
bereaves us' and the church of this noble and
OF HIGH CHARACTER.
Dr. Beard was married about twenty
five years'; ago invalid widow"
and two daughters, survive, him. '-The
eldest daughter^ Miss "May, ; is j a dea
coness , at HheNRichmond'. church,, and,
the younger. Miss ; Edith, is a student
at Co'lieze Park: ' , ¦ •..••••' --.>¦.:
The following tribute to the deceased
is paid' by Dr. 4 Dille: i ' . ' J V "
James ! N. ' Beard -was ; my boyhood t friend.
TVe were both Jreared in, Clinton County. In
diana—were .first" students tOKether.anO ;alter
waxd teacher b in the old Frankfort Seminary.
My dear •wife, was for a ;time: a" member of
his father'* household'.whll« teaching in their
rulchborhood. •, and .ray- Hie';.' has ;. been ,niore.
closely linked with his than/ with; any other
outside of, my own -, family. *> HIs 4 ; youth gave
every promise of the splendid life- that, is now
crowned. •; He was a. teacher at the'age or lu
and in -treat • demand. • as ', an* instructor- i in:
teachers' in«tltut«s.wbeti he was but 18 i'*f*
of aee. 7I» heard" him make, his first; public
confession of Christ, thoush I think he never
knew a time' when he did not love and : trust
him. He : attended the Northwestern .Indiana
Conference at Crawfordsville in ; '18"l. . and -al-.
though he had not yet'- bean tlcensed to preach,
he was appointed Junior preacher on the Zlon*
vllle charts and , was ¦ licensed .by. .his* own
quarterly conference. He -at once steeped to
the frontirank-ln trie conference, flllinc -"such
charges as Congress • street;* Lafayette. Cente
nary. Terra ; Haute and. Central- avenue. :r In
dianapolis. " "He waa • transferred '. to California
and to Central Church : in th'9 clty.ln 1ST4... ;
FAMILY . SURVIVES HIM.
James N. Beard was bo"rn In Middle
fork, Ind., about 54 years ago, and aft
er the usual preparatory studies'en
tered and was graduated f rom De Pauw
College. His first work was teaching,'
but he afterward entered the ministry
in 1S71. his first charge being at Craw -'
fordsville, In the North western.Confer
ence of Indiana. In 1884 he was trans
ferred to California and appointed to
the Central Church in this city, serv
ing the full three years. Having al
ways made a special study of educa
tional work, he was appointed presi
dent of Napa College, which position
he filled acceptably until that'institu
tion was merged into the University of
the Pacific, when he was app"ointed-to
the pastorate of Centclla Church at San
Jose. On the death of Dr. Colbunv Dr.
Beard was -assigned to ;the; pastorate
of Grace .'Church in. this city. -AU the'
conclusion . of \ his term there J he was
made superintendent, of the '.training
home, for deaconesses at 129 v'Halght
street, 'in* this 'city.. ,,,. ; ;'
"Miss Mary Beard. 129 Haightstreet:
Your father died suddenly this-morn
ing of heart failure. I will brine the
body home. - A. C. BANE."
Rev. James N. Beard, who for-many
years had been prominently, connected
with the Methodist Kpiscopal church
in the State of California, died' sud
denly in St. Louis yesterday morning.
Death was due to heart failure. The
news -of his sudden demise came as a
shock to the family and hosts of friends
of the clergyman, who was loved and
respected by all who knew him.
Dr. Beard left this city for St. Louis
last Thursday with Rev. A. C. Bane,
to act as prosecutor in the trial of the
Rev. J. D. Hammond of this city, who
is charged with the mismanagement of
church funds. Hammond was tried be
fore the State conference and found
guilty on seven counts. He -appealed
the case, however, and Drs. Beard and
Bane were delegated to go East and
present the case before a jury from
the General Conference'. They left last
Thursday, both apparently in good
health, and the first news ,x>f : Dr.
Beard's demise was the following tele
gram from St. Louis:
TELEGRAPHS SAD NEWS.
Green*, be 'the turf above thre,
Friend of my Parly days.
2tone'kn<>Tr. thee but to love the*,
.None named thee but to praise. «
• ¦ '- , . ELBEUT n. DILLE,
January 4, 1001.
knightly eririt." Who shall take his place?
\\« shall not loqk .upon his like again. But In
the presence ot this RTeat sorrow while reason
falls with all Its powers, yet faith prevails
and lovp adores.
FRANCA CHARGES HIS WIFE
WITH TAKING HIS FUNDS
Says She Gave Away Jewels to Friends
After Telling: Him They Would
Be Paid for.
Jose Franca, a jeweler at 67 Jack
son street, yesterday filed an answer
and cross-complaint to the suit for di
vorce of Anna Franca. He denies
treating her cruelly, as she charges,
and says that if any one is at fault
for their matrimonial unhappiness she
is. He accuses her of getting valuable
jewelry from him on the pretext that
it .would be paid for and then giving
it to one F. I. Limos and Miss M. T.
Pereira. The latter, says Franca, is
the real cause of the trouble between
himself and wife.
The divorce action of Daniel Haw
ley against Lottie Hawley was con
tinued by Judge Sloss because the evi
dence was insufficient to establish the
plaintiff's right to a decree. Judge
Murasky will to-day hear further evi
dence in the suit of Guadalupa Cano
against Enrique Cano. Mrs. Cano is
a protege of the Associated Charities.
Clara Rodrigue was granted a di
vorce from Aristide Rodrigue for de
sertion and Igriacia Rivera filed a suit
for divorce from Joseph Rivera for
failure to provide.
All druggists eell ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough
Balsam under a positive guarantee. 23c. BOc. •
Fireman Injured;
A. E. Hyde, a fireman, employed by
the Underwriters' Fire Patrol, was
seriously injured last night while at
tending to his duty. As the wagon
was swinging into Mason street, from
Market. Hyde, who was standing' on
the step, became jammed between the
wagon and a passing streetcar. Hi3
leg was fractured, his back bruised
and he also sustained minor injuries.
At a meeting of clergy and laymen
of Evangelical churches of the city held
In the Lecture Hall of the Young Men's
Christian Association yesterday after
noon It was resolved by a unanimous
vote to name the newly formed organ
ization of the ministerial bodies and
churches of the city "The Interdenomi
national Evangelical Union of San
Francisco.".
Bishop Hamilton of the Methodist
Episcopal church, president, was in the
chair. . *
At the meeting the following resolu
tions were adopted:
That prayer circles be formed in every
church meeting either as a church or as neigh
borhood circles aa often as the local pastors
may determine.
That union meetings in various parts of the
city be held also under the direction of the
local pastors'.
.' That the Sunday-school and the Youns Peo
ple's Society be recognized as valuable fields
of Christian effort In this campaign.
¦ An executive committee was appoint
ed consisting of the following named:
Bishop J. W. Hamilton, Dr. H. H. Bell,
Dr. G. TV. White. Dr. I. C. Meserv*. Dr. J.
T. Wills, Rev. W. K. Guthrle. Rev. TV. J.
Fisher. Rev. > E. Nelander <Ph. r>.). Rev. J.
A. Hollars." Rev. F. M. Larfctn (Ph. D.). R-v.
Frank 8/ Ford, Rev. Louis J. Sawyer, Rev.
P. A. Hjelm. Henry J. McCoy. Colonel Georgre
French (Salvation Army), Colonel Walter Dun
can, and Rev, J. H. Schroeder.
NEW 3IEMBERS ENROLLED.
The following new members of the
organization were added yesterday to
the roll:
• Rev. Joseph Rowell, Mariners' Church: Rev.
J. S. Thomas, Howard* Presbyterian Church;
Rev. F. M. I^arkin. Grace M. iC. Church: R«v.
C. O. Oxnam, Hamilton M. E. Church: Rev.
W. C. Pond. D.D., Bethany ConzreKatlonal
Church: Rev. Iluber Burr, Sunset Congrega
tional Church: Rev. M. Grace- Hill. God's
Christian CTiurch; R»r. J. McElh!nney, Rev.
II. A. Luckenbach. Richmond ConjtregrationaJ
Church; H. H. mil and A. S. Johnson, Cal
vary Prrsbyterian Church; Dr. Francis Wil
liams and Dr. M. Bokee. Howard Presbyterian
Church: George Underhlll and William Bal
naves. First Presbyterian Church: Dr. Me Keen.
Franklin Street Presbyterian Church: George
Hitchcock. Mrs. F. M. Channing. A. T. Ruth
rauff and Albert W. Gunnlson, Bethany Con-
KreKatlonal Church; Dr. A. C. Both*. Hamil
ton Methodist Church; A. H. MacDonald and
S. P. I,.unt. Trinity Presbyterian Church: Pro
fessor W. M. Searby and F. P. Cole. Plymouth
Congregational Church; W. K. Christiansen.
Richmond Congregational Church: P. II.'Jack
non. and J. H. McCallum, Central Methodist
Kptscopal Church.
ADOPT DAY FOR MEETING.
The matter of future meeting days
was discussed and It was resolved to
assemble the first Monday in every
month at 3:30 o'clock iiv the afternoon
and the executive committee to meet
every Thursday afternoon at 1:30
O'clock. »
The Rev. Dr. H, H. Bell of the United
Presbyterian Church moved, and it was
resolved, to frame a resolution of sym
pathy for the family of the late Rev.
Dr. Beard, the news of whose death
the union received with profound re
gret. / Wt
A proposition that a committee of
three be formed to consider financial
plans of the union was adopted.
A meeting of the executive and other,
committees connected with the San
Francisco Methodist Missionary Con
vention, which will take place April
28 to May 1, was held at the Metho
dist Book Concern building yesterday.
Dr. G. B. Smyth, chairman,' presided.
The news of the death of Dr. Beard
came as a deep shock. A committee
was appointed to draft a resolution of
sympathy for the late Dr. Beard's fam
ily. . The committee consists of Dr.
Dllle, Dr. Matthew and Rolla V. Watt.
¦In connection with the convention
it was proposed to secure the services
of Bishop, Charles H. Fowler to give
his celebrated lecture on Abraham Lin
coln on' the evening of April 26 at tfce
Alhambra. . . v .'*,':
-The Rev. John Stephens was chosen
to take the place of the late Dr. Beard
as chairman of the committee on
progress. Dr. . W. C. Evans of San Jose
was appointed chairman on missionary
exhibit in place of Dr. Stephens.
RESOLUTION OF SYMPATHY.
The Methodist ministers' meeting
took place in Epworth League Hall
yesterday ; morning " and on receiving
the telegram telling of. Dr. Beard's
sudden demise the gathering at once
appointed a. committee to attend to all
arrangements that will be in accord
with the wishes of the bereaved family.
The committee is composed of Dr. F.
M. Larkin/Rev. John' Stephens, Dr. H.
B. Heacock, Rev. E. D. Raley and Dr.
Dennett. *
. A ' resolution of. deep sympathy will
be. 'sent; the family of Mie late Dr.
Beard by the ministerial body.
The Ministerial Association of the
Christian church met yesterday and
heard a; paper by Professor W*. F. Bade
on "The Fiftyf first Psalm, Ils Author
ship and Interpretation."
The Presbyterian ministers* meeting
took place yesterday morning at the
Woman's Occidental Board, Sacra
mento street. The Rev." Moses .Berco
witz was elected president for the next
six months; the Rev. C. C. Herriott,
vice president; Rev. James Woodworth,
secretary;*' executive committee, Rev.
E.K: Strong (-chairman), Rev. James
M. McElhinney, Rev. R. Logan and
Rev. H. N. Bevier. The Rev. Mr. Her
riott reviewed the. work "Book of Reve
lations.'!'/
HEAR GOOD REPORTS.
The. Baptist Ministers' Union met
yesterday and heard reports for .the
last year which showed an increase and
condition never before known in the
Baptist church in the city. Dr. C. M.
Hill read a paper, on "Evangelism."
' The Woman's Occidental " Board of
Foreign Missions held its monthly
meeting yesterday morning 'at the First
Presbyterian- Church. It was shown
that the receipts of Presbyterian socie
ties are largely in excess of last year.
Mrs. • Mackenzie was present from New
York and spoke of , the appointment of
her daughter. Miss Jean Mackenzie, as
a missionary to Africa!" It was 'an
nounced that the first $1000 for the pur
chase of the lot adjoining the mission
house had been paid. , . : .'
¦ Among those present were Mrs. C. S.
Wright, Mrs. ; P. D.' Brown, Mrs. L. A.
Kelley, Mrs. F. A. Robinson, Mrs. H.
L':. KiRg.v Mrs;, E. ,V. Bobbins, , Mrs. J.
B. Roberts,* Mrs.' J. G.' Chown, Mrs. K.
J..Wemple, Mrs. E. G.*Freshi, Mrs. H.
:B.''- P.inney, ; Mrs. L. A. ; Ames, Mrs. D.
W. 1 Horsburgh and ' MrsV E. T. ; Garrette.
WELL-KNOWN' METHODIST EPISCOPAL MINISTER AND SUPERIN
• TENDEXT OF THE TRAINING HOME FOR DEACONESSES IN
THIS CITY WHO EXPIRED SUDDENLY'lN ST. LOUIS.
Finds That Accused Patrolman
Acted Strictly AVithin Duty
When He Clubbed vfe Levitus
The chief witness for the Govern
ment, Howard Laws, night watchman
of the steamer, is in detention. He says
that Davis, immediately after commit
ting the crime, confessed to him.
By the capture "of Thomas Davis yes
terday United States Secret Service
Agent Hazen has covered himself with
£lory. Davis is a • waiter and is ac
cused of having committed an assault
upon Mrs. A. H. Ames of Marshfleld,
Or., while she was a passenger on the
steamer Alliance on the voyage from
San Francisco to Eureka on October
16 of last year. Davis left the ship at
Eureka and went into hiding. Mrs.
Ames alleges that Davis, who wa^ a
waiter or porter on the "steamer, an
swered her bell at midnight of the date
mentioned, and in response -to her re
quest for a glass. of water, after which
he assaulted. her. She had with her at
the;tlme three of her children, a baby of
4 months and two boys of 3 and 4 years
of age. .
The matter was placed in the hands
of United States Attorney Marshall B.
Woodworth. who notified the United
States Attorney General of the case.
The. Department of Justice became so
much impressed with the gravity of
the alleged crime that a request was
made of Chief "Wilkie for assistance in
capturing Davis. Chief Wilkie there
upon detailed Agent Hazen to do the
Work. Mr. Hazen notified the Waiters'
unions and the* secret service officers
at all points on the Pacific Coast, Hon
olulu and Manila, and had all the out
going steamers from this coast
watched. Davis did not apply for work
at his calling of waiter, fearing recog
nition, and supported himself by doing
odd Jobs of labor inland. He arrived
here about two weeks ago and con
cealed himself by day In the cheap
wine shops, sleeping at night in 5 and
10 cent lodgings.
When Agent Hazen placed hi3 hand
upon Davis* shoulder yesterday after*
noon in the vicinity of a wine shop on
Montgomery street, the prisoner denied
his identity, but finding that his denial
would avail nothing he admitted that
he was the man wanted. He admitted
also that he had taken the glass of
water to Mrs. Ames, but denied that it
was drugged or Phat he had assaulted
her. :
MUST MAINTAIN' PEACE.
The police department of any '.urge city I*
If Fuch a' crowd contains tiie elements nf
<H«o-<5er— \' the whole or any part or it is
mncea in a brawl or street fiirtit— whatever
tl:*> cauKf H if- all the more a menace to
th» pobttc p»a<-e and therefore the more a
vrovrycalir-n for the control or intervention
of th* police.
That *ufch a condition existed on this oc
casion has -been clearly shown and proven
by the testimony offered by both eides in this
CAM.
• That the complainant, whatever may have
>>»en the cause fcr "is presence on the spot,
nevertheless ¦»** there and took an active
part In'the dlfcturbance. if he was not. in fact,
one- of the. Instigators, has been proven.
That Officer Foearty succeeded, alone, in
q-jeriing the tight, arresting one of the par
ticipants <the complaining witness* and dls
persine the. cro* a has aiso been pioven.
NothlBK conclusive haa been offered to show
that h«" used any force more than Jibsolutely
necessary to accomplish thi« In the face of
rre&t odd* and sTioas and violent opposition.
On the contrary from my point of view he. did
k!s cl«ar duty as an officer of the taw.
thoroughly and effectively, and acted clearly
•within his rijrhts as such aa officer.
No better proof of the good. Judgment and
?ven temper of the officer Ms waptlnr than
his demeanor on the witness etanl. where his
*tory. calmly told, in a frank and concise way.
was. to me at least, most convincing of Its
truth; and -his ability to. control his temper
under trying circumstances wm very apparent
Ciiring hi* examination, when he mit;ht fre
quently, have been provoked to a display of
*.r.r*r had h? been a man-eaally ruffled or of
«iclou? temper. ;¦¦' :
MT-XACE TO PUBLIC.
LEVITTS BELLIGERENT.
L^vitus who disclaims any* connec
tion with the original trouble, appeared
to be a ieader of the belligerent faction
and insisted upon returning to the res
taurant after Fogarty had been suc
cessful in quirting the mob.
The fight was renewed and the po
liceman was again obliged to resort to
force Fogarty says he was kuked by
Levitus and that while, endeavoring to
place th* handcuffs upon him he was
compelled to again resort to the use of
h ; s club. While Levitus posed as a mar
tyr and said that he was simply on his
way down town when hostilities began.
it wa-s shown that he was on his way
to join several of the strike sympathiz
ed around the cloak house.
In the face of the evidence for the
d-fense and of many contradictions in
th* testimony of the witnesses for the
prosecution. Commissioners Hutton.
Drtakhouse and Regan voted that the
defendant was guilty, but Commission
er Howell supported the accused and
in a separate opinion said:
I fir.4 that th* charsws ot assault aJid hat
„„ «id ur.la»ful arreft proferrfd *»!n*t
i \?fiC*T FVitarty are not sustained by the t»*-
Tt muM ** conceded that the r r-*ence o a
large crowd or conti'^ation of pecrle en tn»
Sfew?^^ to a St. *n ™tat m « «H
t:rr.e« ner*«:tates p©l!c« control.
Patrolman James Fogarty was found
guilty yesterday afternoon by the Po
lice Commission of assault and bat
tery on the person of one W. Levitus,
xrho was involved in a. disturbance
created by labor disagreements early
last month. The conviction of the po
liceman was concurred in by three of
the Police Commissioners, but Commis-
Fi^rier J. R. Howell. who alone stood
fcr Fogarty. reviews the evidence in a
lengthy opinion and considers that such
action oh the part of his colleagues is
intimidating to 6tb<?r patrolmen and a
serious menace to discipline in the de
partment.
It appears that two people who were
mistaken for non-union employes of a
Market-street cloak house visited
Schneider's .restaurant on Taylor
street, between Ellis and Eddy, for the
purpose of getting supper. A boycott
had be«=n placed on the cloak house by
union men and several of their pickets
entered the eating-house and demanded
that the susp^ted non-union .people be
refused service. When this was denied
an attack was made on the employes
of the house and in a short time a riot
commenced.
PoHceman Fogarty reached the scene
&£ quickly as possible and plunged into
the howling, struggling mob and was
obliged to up«- his olub while subduing
the disturbance and protecting himself
against assault.
The police were notified and Detective
Cody was detailed/ on the case. Busal
lachi told him that while he was fishing
in the bay on Sunday his net became
entangled with Murallo's. They had
some words about it. but that was all.
Yesterday morning Murallo called upon
him and asked him to take a rifle to
the Cliff House. He consented, but
thought if there was ( going to be trou
ble'he was "able to' take care of himself.
Marullo shot him from behind as they
were going into the Heights. He and
Marullo had always been friends, and
he could not account for the shooting
unless it was owing to the net incident.
Detective Cody after seeing Busal
lachi commenced a search for Marullo.
Dr. Xiemeyer extracted a 32-cali
ber bullet" from Busallachi's back
and found that another bullet , had
passed through the fleshy part, of- his
risht arm. Dr. Xiemeyer thought there
was another bullet in Busallachi's
body, but said that none ofthe wounds
was dangerous. Busallachi was. sent to
his home. •
Thomas Manning, a track repairer on
th* Sutro electric road, ran after Ma
rullo. who turned round and pointing
the revolver at Manning threatened to
shoot him if he followed him. Man
ning thought discretion the better part
of valor and 6topped. but watched Ma
rullo till he disappeared among the
trees on the Heights.
Li. L. Burton, motorman. and J. Lef
flngwell, conductor of a car on the Su
tro road, saw Busallachi running to
ward them and stopped the car. Busal
lachi told them he; had been shot and
they conveyed him on the car to Dr.
H. A. Xiemeyer, Sixth avenue and
Clement street.
The police are j investigating a cow
ardly case of/attempted^murder at the
entrance to Sutro Heights ; yesterday
morning:. Frank Busallachi, a fisher
man, living at 111 /Vallejo street, was
shot three times. by' Alphonse Marullo,
also a fisherman and living on Battery
street, near Grab's quarry ,|
J. C. Cooper, a g-ripman, .living at 2436
A street, saw the: two; men walking to
ward the gate opening into'the Heights'
inclosure shortly before 9 o'clock yes
terday morning. Busallachi was about
five feet in front of Marullo. • While
Cooper was looking a-t them Marullo
pulled a revolver from his pocket and
fired at Busallachi. who fell to his
knees. Marullo. fired two more shots at
Busallachi and' ran away. Busallachi
struggled to his feet and ran after his
assailant and Cooper, lost sight of
them.
Alphonsc Marullo Makes Tar
get of Frank' Biisallachi at
Entrance to Sutro Heights
Numerous Gatherings of Re
ligious Workers and Philan
thropists Take Place in City
Witness for Government, to
Whom, It Is Said, Defend
ant Confessed, Is Detained
PRISONER DENIES GUILT
UNANIMITY, AT MEETING
GIVES LENGTHY OPINION
ASSAILANT MAKES ESCAPE
Man Accused of a Serious
Assault Upon a Woman on
the High Seas Is Captured
Quarrel Over Entangling of
Nets Leads One Fisherman to
Attempt to Murder Another
Refuses to Sanction Conviction
of Police Officer Fogarty on
the Charge Against Him
Associated Churches Will Be
Known as the ''Interdenom
inational Evangelical Union"
HOWELL THINKS
ACTION UNJUST
SHOOTS FRIEND
IN THE BACK
HAZEN CATCHES
WAITER DAVIS
CLERGY NAME
ORGANIZATION
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO GALL" TUESDAY, -.JANUARY;,,.?, 1904.
Prominent Methodist Episcopal Minister Expires of Heart
Failure in Missouri 'Metropolis, to Which Place: He had
Gone, With Rev. A. C. Bane, on Official Duty for Church
REV. JAMES N. BEARD MEETS
SUDDEN DEATH IN ST. LOUIS
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIANOS
Captivate the musician and
satisfy the most highly
cultivated listener. They
are great scale successes
wonderfully endowed with
a most elastic touch and
dclighpul tonal qualities.
Substantially constructed
and beautifully finished.
Benj. CurtaZ « Son
-- . (SOLE AGENTS )
16 O'FARRELL STREET.
ft San Jose. Stockton. Alameda. Fresno. ¦
—niiiiii 1 11 lu.niiaay
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
This home 'for the aged, conducted by the
Sisters of Mercy, is situated at San Dieco.
Cal., on University' Heights, overlooking tho
ocean. The climate 1» considered the finest in
the world. -free from extremes of heut or cold.
Accd couples are also received. The charges
for a home for life vary from 51500 upward,
according to age and requirements. Kor further
Information apply to. Sister tsUDericr St. Jo-
seph's Sanitarium. San Diego, Cal.
• - ¦"- ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
"•¦•'itfii'' JMACMN'S ANNUAL]''
IPS CLEARANCE SALE
y^L^ OF UNOERMtlSLINS ,
¦¦¦V^r e vast t^ iron & °^ buyers who ,^S*^JL \;^- "^— "•;
'¦'¦•W attended yesterday, the first day *$(&' 1^j&fL %'^- ; "''
"/ of this sale, sustains the reputa- (i^^^y^l^afvm^" 1 '
/ tion that this store has earned in M^^^^^WV
m the past for offering the most le- I J
I gitimate bargains procurable. \\-J \._*^\
tt Thousands have profited by. the m\ \\Vl\^((C^ I
1 economy this sale affords. Sale fk » V \T^Y\ ''•'t-'u
'\ will continue during the entire I W \ I \\ 'M&'
\ week. Do not fail to attend. J» *^V : i§J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iKINfiNDBLOOD
PORIFIGATION
Cuticura Soap, Ointment
and Pills
Cleanse the Skin, Scalp
and Blood '
Of Torturing, Disfigyring, Hu-
mours with loss of Hair
COMPLETE TREATMENT $1.00
Thousands of the world's best peo-
ple bare f oaad instant relief aad speedy
care bj the ass of CutScara Seap, Oint-
ment aad mis In the most torttrtsg
aad disfiguring of Itching, burning aad
scaly hnmoars, eozemas, rashes. Itch-
Inzs and laflamaj&tioaa.
Tfeotmads of tired, fretted nothen,
of skin-tortured aad disfigured babies*
of all ajres and conditions, hare certi-
fied to almost miraculous cares by th«
Cntleora- remedies, when tho best med-
ical skill had failed to relieve, much
less care.
Cotlcura Treatment \a local tad con-
stitutional — cozaplet* aad perfect,
pore, sweet and wholesome. Bathe ths
affected surfaces with Cntfeara Soap
and hot water to cleaase the »kia «f
crusts and scales and so/tea the thick-
ened entide, dry withont hard rabbiag* .
and apply Coticva Ointment freely to
allay itchlag, Irritation aad laflasma*
tion, and soothe and heal, and lastly
take Cnticara Resehrent Pills to cool
and cleanse the blood, and pat every
function in a state «f healthy aetiTity.
More great cures of simple, scrofulous
and hereditary haaaoirs aro daily mads
by Caticora remedies than by all other
blood and skin remedies combined, a
stsgle- s«t being often sufficient to euro .
the most distressing cases when all
else fails.
SoU tamrtrat tt. wwU. CUem Xautvmt «*.
<\m torn aTChmlato Owtod Pffl*. We-, p« It! ol <m\
Oimtnint. «*». . *••». Oo. D«P"W • Laodaa. tt Chaitaf
k«M *\. i Paris. * h< «• U Paixi Bmtvm. 1ST Cataatko*
An. Fottar Drnw mi Chew*. Car*- Sol* Pt»i>»-
•W-aandter - Saia aad Blao4 PulSeaatea>
CLEARANCE
SALE.
I Discount I
on
Everything,
S.& G.GUMP CO.
113 Geary Street.
Cox H
SEED CO.
411,413, 415 Sansome Street '
3AN FRANOSCO. CAL. f^-
Largest Assortment of Seeds
on the Coast.
Alfalfa, Clover. Kentucky Blue
Grays, Australian Rye Grass, I
Beet, Garden and Flower Seeds, II
Ornamental Trees. Roses, Fruit |
Trees and Small Fruits. ||
S-nd for J9O4 Anatial Oulojuf beautifutly I]
illustrated, free by mat!. - If
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
The San Francisco
Savings Union
AT SAN fRANCISCO, CAL
I4ta DECEMBEH, ' 1903. ;-'»
SHOWING' UNCLAIMED DEPOSITS.
-;. J
In accordance with Chapter CLIV of &n ast
to compel savings banks to publish a awora
statement of a'.l unclaimed deposits (approved
March 23. 1903). the following statement la
submitted from our books at clos* of truslaesa
on the above date. viz. :
Name and Last Known Residence or
Postornco Address — . Amount
Baxter. - William H. t- Humboldt Bay.
Eureka •. $434 25
Blckel. William. Angela Camp. Cal.. 43073
Da.-rger.er. William. Columbia. Cal.... 159 o»
Dunphy. William H.. San Francisco.. -or u
French. James, Stanyan • St.. near -
Grattan. tan Francisco ., .,.
GugllelmUettc. Vcspaslano, No. 703
Stockton St.. S. F .-. aa -»a
Hauler, ilrs. Adelaide. T/.. No. 107 ~*
Austin St.. S. F.... 74 a.
Uatrick. Mlsa JIary. No. 433 Bryant
St.. S. F.: ..v. «. .,,
Holt, Mrs. Anna, No. 200 Stocktoa
St.. S. F. ... ..^ «•••..... *>> o<»
Kennedy. William, Alameda Co.. Cal. "a
Little. Mrs. Sara C. Seaside. Cal... ]it In
McPherscn. John R.. New Washington
Hotr.l. S. F t ~ _.
O'Connor. Mlsa Rosa E-. International
Ho»el. S. F n» ~>
Parsons. « "carles G.. Honohiju H T •» "^S Al
Spiller. Mrs. Annie .M.. No. 33 SUth "*
street. S. F «ft .-»
Stapl'ton, Joseph. No. 163 Perry St.*
"•""state of "cAtiFoHxiA, W1 M
City and County of San Francisco— ¦«
I do solemnly swear. that I have a. »r«n.i
knowKdge of the matters contained
for-go!ns statfment and that every allearatioJir
statement, matter and thtnj therein contain^
is true to. the h*«t of my knowledge and h Vn.'
">VELl, WHITE. Cashier and Secretary
Subscribed and swom -to befor. ml ,hi.
Hth .lay of December. 1900. . m * thij
HAMILTON A B VT'VT»
Notary Pnblic In and for the City" and Count*
of -Ban Francisco. State of Callfomia*. T
'/T^L J.{k Gibbon^ I)is P« n sary,
C*«k«eL,P iv>a! ""*' '^L 1 M »"«>fK^J. ¦ DebllVtVor
*'S^BHS-!rr ai iC xv ' :l^ n ?"" »'fxly an.l mind and
a^^MWK3>kln Disuses. Tlie Doctor puro^wii^n
««^S OTrSS?. h ° rn fa "' lrV hlm - I'hurfM Iotv,
urmnsrunlffd. Call or writ*
Dr. J. *•. oibbo>, baa Franctaco Cal