Continued on Pace 2/ Column 4,
War Minister Linares to FJ5I11 Duel.
MADRID, Jan. 28.— As an outcome of
a heated altercation in the, Chamber of
Deputies to-day concerning the ap
pointment of Mgr. Nozalda to the
Archbishopric of Valencia, Minister of
War Linares and Deputy Sorlnao are
to fight a duel. They have appointed
seconds.
NAPA, Jan. 28.— James Hoy of Napa
was found dead on the county road
near the depot. at Yountvllle about 10
o'clock Wednesday evening. ' Hoy had
been drinking heavily for the last few
days and Wednesday night had a quar
rel at a saloon, from which place he
was thrown into the street Whether
he died from injuries received in - the
scuffle or from alcoholism is not 'yet
known. :^' v ' ' ''"'" ':
Found Dead After a Qunrrcl.
New Yorker Disappears in Arizona.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 28.— Norman
Odell, a 19-year-old youth whose home
is in New York City, mysteriously dis
appeared on January 12 from the ranch
home of A. R. Blackmer at Buckeye,
forty miles west of Phoenix. His dis
appearance was only to-day reported
to the Sheriff, 'who has sent a deputy
to investigate. It was reported by a
neighbor, who had missed him in the
vicinity. When inquiry was made of
Blaekmer he said he supposed that
Odell went somewhere else to find a
better place to work. His belongings,
however, are still at the home of
Blaekmer, who is a^reputable farmer.
LONDON, Jan. 2S.— Excitement has
been caused in art circles at the dis
covery that a silver statuette of Nel
son, supposed to have been presented
to George III and which was purchased
recently for $3000 by subscription, the
King and the Prince of Wales subscrib
ing, for presentation to the Royal
United Service Institution. Is In reality
the work of a young sculptor student,
Richard Carbe. and was executed two
years ago. Carbe is blameless for thj«
foisting of his work on the public.
Discover That Recently Purchased
Statuette of Nelson Is Work of a
Young Sculptor Student.
LONDON ART CIRCLES -
ARE GREATLY EXCITED
Delegate In Congress Is Accused.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. — Charges
have been filed at the Interior De
partment against B. S. McGuire, the
delegate in the House from Oklahoma,
alleging that in violation of the law
he has been prosecuting claims
in behalf of Indians and accepting
fees therefor while serving as a Dele
gate in Congress. The charges have
been referred to the Department of
Justice.
From Pacific Coast points to St.
Louis and return, $67 50; from Pacific
Coast points to Chicago and retuVn,
$72 50; from Pacific Coast points to
Chicago and return by way of St.
Louis, $70. ,
Tickets at these rates shall be sold
three days in each month with a ten
day. limit going and ninety day limit
returning, with stop-over privileges at
points of transit.
The association will convene in Chi
cago at a special meting, the date of
which has not been set, to ratify these
rates and take final action regarding
tickets, regulations and prospective
measures. '
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 28. — The final
meeting of the Transcontinental Pas
senger Association was held to-night
and the following rates from the Pa
cific Coast were formulated:
Among the codices saved is an an
cient cc-d ex of the fourth century.con
taining the gospels, as well as many
othei'3 of late date. A classic medieval
book of the greatest value, called
"Heurs -de Turin," by the Duke de
Berry, for j which Great Britain once
offered almost any sum of money, now
appears to have been destroyed, as was
an. ancient ,French translation of
"Dante." Of this "Dante" there exists
another copy in France.
| The.Duke of Genoa, brother of Queen
Margherita, has visited the university,
in company with the Minister of Public
Instruction, and promised an especial
appropriation for its future funds. It
has been decided to call to Turin Signor
Marre, a restorer of ancient books at
the Vatican, In whose apartment start
ed, the fire which partly.:destroyed the
Vatican library recently..
• ROME, Jan. 28.— An official report
has been made on the losses resulting
from the, fire In the University Library
In Turin, on January 26, according to
which about 3700 manuscripts, includ
ing almost all those of Oriental origin,
were destroyed. The number of vol
umes lost has not been established. The
fire, lasted twenty-four hours, and it
seems certain that 3000 volumes of
Greek, Latin and other works were'eon
sumed, as well as the precious Venetian
collection of books from the library of
Cardinal Delia Rovere.
wesa Africa May Be Devastated.
BERLIN, Jan. 28.— A newspaper
published in German Southwest Africa,
just received here by mail, announces
that in consequence of the gathering of
the Kara tribesmen in the hills, a gen
eral insurrection has broken out among
the Vondelzwarts tribesmen. Fifteen
white men have entrenched themselves
at Luederitzbucht, the most important
point in the colony. There Is danger
that the entire southern section will be
devastated.
General Insurrection Breaks Out
Among Them and German South-
VOXDELZWARTS TIUBES>rEX
CAUSIXG GREAT ANXIETY
Loss in Turin Uniyer
l sity Fire Is
vJltidL
Cost of Tickets From
Pacific Coast to
St. Louis.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 28.— H. D.
Stephens of Seattle was frozen in an
Alaska blizzard near Barclay Point on
January 10. His companion, H. I. Fro
zold. had both hands frozen, and after
Stevens' death managed to struggle to
a cabin two miles distant, where he
was found by three prospectors three
hours later.
Before Stevens' death Frozold had at
tr^npted to carry Stevens, whose legs
gave out, but the Seattle man was
crrazed with cold and exhaustion and
kicked wildly at his companion. "Fro
zold set him down and forced Stevens
to walk ahead of him until he dropped.
The body was recovered on January 16
and buried at Kayak.
Companion Makes Heroic Effort to
Prevent Death and Nearly Loses
His Own Life.
SEATTLE MAX DIES
IX ALASKA BLIZZARD
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.— Secretary
Shaw has issued a circular to passen
gers arriving in the United States from
foreign countries regarding examina
tion of baggage, passengers' declara
tions, exemptions from duty, etc..
which will be sent to each passenger
as* far as possible before embarking on
outgoing steamers. As to exemptions
from duty the Secretary, following a
recent decision of the Court of Ap
peals for the Second Circuit Court,
holds in effect that each returning pas
senger, a resident of the United
States, may bring into the country free
of duty articles purchased abroad ex
cept cigars and cigarettes in excess of
fifty of the former and 300 of the lat
ter, for himself or any other person up
to the amount of $100, provided they
are not Intended for sale.
Enumerates the Articles Residents of
the United States May Brine Into
the Country Free of Duty.
SECRETARY SHAW ISSUES
CIRCULAR TO TRAVELERS
¦The clause proposed by Japan was
that Kussla and. Japan should mutu
ally agree to respect the "integrity and
independence of China and Korea."
Russia has now twice stricken out the
words "China and," and it 'is. under
stood that this will close the negotia
tions. ,
It Is probable, the D;ily Graphic goes
on. that when this note has been pre
sented Japan will notify Baron dc Ro
sen, the Russian Minister at Tokio,
that she has no alternative but to take
up arms In defense of her Interests and
that .'Kurino will | be Instructed .' to de-
LONDON, Jan. 29.— A dispatch to the
Standard from Tokio says that, accord
ing -to information from an authentic
source, large bodies of Russian troops
are being moved to the Korean frontier
from Fengnangcheng:and other points
in .the interior of Manchuria. A dis
patch to the Daily Mail from Seoul re
ports the arrival of 1000 Russian troops
at Antung yesterday.
A dispatch from Nagasaki to tht
Daily telegraph affirms that the Kore
an Government has bluntly refused the
renewed demands of Italy for a gold
mining concession in Korea.
The Peking correspondent of tHe
Times cables that Tseng Chi, Tartar
general of Mukden, has telegraphed the
Foreign Board at Peking that the Rus
sians have-demanded -that -he supply
500 -carts .'.for immediate military'ser
vice. The board replied that, owing to
China's decision of neutrality, Tseng
Chi must decline to supply the carts
in question.
The- Daily Graphic claims tb be able
to affirm that Russia's draft of her re
ply has not yet been officially present
ed to Japan, but that it has been com
municated to Kurino, the Japanese
Minister in St. Petersburg, who has
transmitted, the contents, to Toklo,
whence it -.will .be conveyed to the
friendly powers. The Russian reply
is courteous, the Dally Graphic con
tinues, but it refuses in uncompromis
ing terms to permit the reinsertion in
the draft of the treaty of the two words
guaranteeing- the integrity and inde
pendence of China, upon which Japan
insisted in her last note. '
PASSENGER
RATES TO
THE FAIR
PRICELESS
BOOKS FOOD
FOR FLAMES
Czar Mobilizing
Army on the
Border.
MANX'HL'RIAX MILITARY SCENE. AND INCIDENT OF THE CZAR'S RECENT VISITl.TO DENMARK, WHEN
AN AGREEMENT WAS REACHED, IT IS SAID, THAT GERMANY SHOULD" OCCUPY COPENHAGEN
AND CLOSE THE BALTIC SEA IN THE EVENT OF RUSSO-JAPANESE WAR.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 2S.— George
A. 'Hose, the' defaulting cashier of the
Produce Exchange Bank, which closed
its doors January 22, made a confession
to-night to the County Prosecutor, tell
ing of his method of using the bank's
money, of which he is said to have lost
$187,000. Roffe said that he was alone
in his speculations and that his use of
the bank's money began about six
years ago. He said that about three
years ago. when the loss had reached
only $20,000, an auditing committee was
appointed to go over the bank's books.
Rose had hoped that his shortage
would be discovered then, but at the
end of a week or so of investigation
the committee reported everything sat
isfactory with the bank's affairs.
Rose declared that he lived within his
salary of $125 a month, and has not
got a cent of the money lost to the
bank by his speculation.- When the
shortage had reached $20,000, Rose said,
he knew that he would have to replace
that sum, and seeing no other way of
so doing than by speculating, he con
tinued to risk large sums until the
amount reached S187.000. His mental
state had been miserable ever since his
speculation began, he said, and often
he had been tempted to commit suicide,
but did not do so because of his wife
and family.
All. of the entire sum of $187,000, Rose
declares, was lost with grain specula
tion In Chicago. His willingness for a
speedy trial and imprisonment, he said,
vrja.s to relieve his mind of the worry
that he had undergone. He desired to
be sentenced and serve his term and
afterward to begin life anew.
Large reinforcements of infantry
and cavalry have already reached the
Thibetan camp and more are coming
from Shigasto. It is expected that an
attack will be made on the British
camp at Tuna when the Thibetans are
sufficiently reinforced.
In the meantime the British are
rushing the work of roadmaking
through a gorge north of Lingathang,
which is said to be more difficult to
traverse and higher than the Khyber
Pass. The military telegraph is keep
ing pace with the roadmakers. ' All
this work is done i.n the face of Arc
tic weather. .
A flying column under command of
Colonel Macdonald is ready to push
forward at any moment should neces
sity arise.
CHUMBI, British India. Jan. 28. —
Colonel Youughusband, commanding
the British expedition to Thibet, has
received a personal visit from the Le
pon Llama, one off the five great
Llamas of Thibet, who delivered an
ultimatum warning him to return to
Gnatong and promising that there
would be serious trobule if he did not
do so.
It is understood all wagers made in
each room were honestly recorded on
each sheet by the conspirators, but on
one sheet would be recorded wagers
that were not made. If the result of
the race showed the fraudulent wagera
to be successful the sheet on which
they were recorded was turned lnt<»
the central office of the syndicate. If
the result of the race showed the
fraudulent wagers to be losses, the
honest sheet was turned in. Thus the
dishonest employes stood no chance
of loss, and almost every day they
were able to take thousands of dollars
from their^ employer. In other cases
the results of races were held back by
operators until wagers on the winner
could be recorded.
NEW YORK. Jan. 2S.— After having
been closed several days a number of
pool rooms here controlled by a book
maker who is credited with having
won nearly 51,000,000 on the race track3
last season, have reopened. When the
places were closed it was said to be
due to the raise in price by the tele
graph company for racing results, but,
according to the Herald, the true rea
son was that the proprietor discov
ered a conspiracy among his employes
whereby more than $250,000 had been
paid out in five months. A new staff
of men now run the rooms.
More Than a Quarter of a Million Dol
lars Is Taken In Five
Month*.
BOOKMAKER IS ROBBED
BY DISHONEST CLERKS
Loses in Speculation
$187,000 Stolen
From Bank,
British Expedition Is
Threatened by
Natives.
THIBETANS
GATHERING
TO ATTACK
DEFAULTER
ROSE MAKES
CONFESSION
CITY OF MEXICO, Jan. 2S.— Fire ats
Progreso. the chief port of Yucatan,
on Tuesday night, destroyed an entire
square- of business houses and public
buildings, including the market, 'rtu
loss is $2,000,000. The railway office
also were consumed. The public build
ings were not insured and the loss on
them Is $300,000. Fifteen thousand bales
of henoquin were burned.
The business quarter, in which tha
fire tirst broke out, i3 half a mile from
the wharves and fronts on the Ala
meda, the most beautiful plaza in Pru
greso. The origin of the fire is un
known and the flames had gained much
headway before the department reached
the' blaze
The square which was consumed con
sisted for the most part of one-story
buildings occupied by business houses.
The market house, a large single-story
building, which supplied the only means
of obtaining {food supplies, was de
stroyed. In the same block was situ
ated a large two-story building which
was used as the general offices of th»;
Consolidated Railway of Yucatan and
also the Municipal Palace, a two-story
stone building. These buildings were
burned.
The loss is divided as follows: Loss
of Municipal Palace and contents, $450,-
O0O; market-house and contents. J250.
; 000; Consolidated Railway of Yucatan,
building and contents. $300,000; loss on
other business property, which was oc
cupied by general hardware, clothing,
drug and grocery houses, $1,000,000. It
¦ is said that the loss is about half cov
ered by insurance, mostly held by Eu
ropean companies.
Continued on Pace 3, Column 1.
. Thr clash between the Coroner and i
the police in the Blaise murder case has
' reacted a critical stage and this morn
jrrg It may produce trouble. The police
. claim ihf nslit to direct things and Cor
<-nr.;- LolanJ demands that they do not
interfere with the resumption of the
. inquest, which is ?et for 10 o'clock this
morning.
Judge Cab&nlss has ordered all wit
nesses in the case to appear in his court
af 10:00 this morning. Detective Gib^
Ron says the witnesses will be in court
" when wanted, despite the fact that
rabpenu were served on them yester
day by the Coroner's office, command
. ing them to appear at the inquest at
"thr same hour.
Coroner Iceland is willing to inter
change, witnesses with the Police Court
this morning, but he says that if the ,
police refuse to allow the witnesses to
come to the inquest he will exercise the
'power; of his office, which he believes
is' paramount over the courts.
The police have, conducted the case
*\'ith a high hand and have ignored the
Coroner. Dr. Leland has tried to ac
cede to their desires and he even of
fered to confer with them on the mat
ter of yetting a date for the inquest.
His overtures to this end met with re
buffs* and he was compelled last Tues
grtay raornTnjS to. besfn ...tt» - inquest.
vTlich he had deferred for more than
.two wetkK, out of consideration for the
<Srtectivpj=.
Jast what will develop this morning
5f not known, but it is conceded that
the Coroner, by virtue of his higher
,tnd more powerful office, will probably
be victorious.
Yesterday's hearing in Judge Ca
baniss' court was marked by
a jumble of confused testimony by Jo
pr-ph Neiblas. Boeder's landlord. " His
testimony can be attributed largely to 1
his ignorance, but it seemed as if he
labored und^r other influences than an
unintelligent mind. He antagonized
every effort of the attorney for the de
fense and showed a peculiar faculty of
misunderstanding the Questions ofAt
torney Salomon, who at times aban
doned the witness as hopeless.
A STUBBORN WITNESS.
Xnblas mad" many admissions and
contradictions and showed a remarka
ble inability to understand the meaning
of the questions asked by the defense.
He was caught in contradictions sev
eral times and was so tangled that it is
doubtful whether Judge Cabaniss will
; give it much weight. Xeiblas seemed
impressed vith his own importance.
He wandered from things relevant and
told of his own great work in gathering
•evidence against Soeder. He was rep
rimanded by Judge Cabanjss, who re
ferred to him as a "garrulous witness,
'highly excited and ignorant." Judge
Oabaniss said he could net see the rel
evancy of a great part of the testimony
for the prosecution. The Statf, bow
ev*=>r, professed to be laying a founda
tion for stronger evidence.
. .The session was productive of a
number of disputes between the attor
reys. Judge Catania took a hand and
fi* and attorney Salomon had several
Varm discussions. Salomon objected
, to much of the testimony. The Judge
admitted the testimony because the
, hearing was preliminary, though he
stated that should thr» State fail to
Fhow relevancy he would not consider
; UM testimony in the reaching of his
decision.
• The hearing consumed the entire day.
Mrs. Neiblas. the first witness
examined yesterday, contradicted her
•testimony of Wednesday, when she
pwore she did not know whether th^re
r.as a light in Soeder"s room on the
•right of the murder. Yesterday she
said there v as no light in the room, fur
• h*>r husband had got down on his knees
• b*fore the door that led from their
room to Soedcr's and had noticed that
ihere ivas no light. Her husband veri
fied the statement. On cross-examina
t:<m Mrs. Neiblas was forced to admit
ihot oft»n there had been no Jitjht in
th" room at that hour of the night.
/ Mrs. Nfiblas told of the visit of tho
'."insurance detective to her house in his
attempt to find out something about
S&eder and Blaise, who had applied in
• ihe Aetna company for insurance. She
s-aid that Soedcr had told her that
• Blaise was taking out an insurance
policy in favor of his wife and children.
Mrs. Neiblas was unable to identify the
gray suit of Boeder's that the police
allege he wore on the night of the mur
der, but thought it looked like the one
he had v.oin <>n thr- day he rented the
mum. She said that Seeder, at 2
D"dodc on the Monday that the body of
Blaise- was discovered, took Blaise's
dollies from the wardrobe In the fold
ing bed and extruded from them pome
large envelopr-s that sh<-> thought con
tained the insurance policies.
Fhe claims that at that time Soeder
had a young man with him in the
rponU
Under cross-examination she ad-
c mitted that she had seen Soeder wear
the gray suit but once, the day that
h«? rented her room. Mrs. Neiblas said
that the pap*»r that Soeder pasted on
the door with the names of himself
and BlaJse written thereon was fas-
Preliminary Examination Develops
Some Odd Witnesses and
Many Contradictions.
Municipal Palace and Railroad Build
ings Included in the List of
Burned Structures.
Strained Relations Exist
and Dr. Leland Is
Firm.
Entire Square o! Business
Houses and Oliices
Destroyed.
Two Million Dollars
Loss in City of
Progreso.
Conflict of Jurisdic
tion May Arise
To-Day.
CORONER
AND POLICE
WILL CLASH
YUCATAN'S
CHIEF PORT
FIRE SWEPT
VOLUME XCV— NO. 60.
THE WEATHER,
Tcrecast made at San Fraa
cisco for thirty hours ending:
midnight. January 29:
Saa Francisco and vicinity —
Tair Friday, with lncreaiia*
clcufiinegi; fresh northeatt
winds. A. Q. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
THE THEATERS.
Alcazar— "The Maiqneraders."
California — "The Eternal City."
Central — "Quo Vadis."
Chutes— Vaudeville.
Colombia — "A Chinese Honey
moon."
Fischer's — "The Beauty Shop."
Grand — "David Harum."
Orphetxm — Vaudeville.
Tlvoli — "When Johnny Comes
Marching 1 Home."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1904.
RUSSIA MOVES TROOPS TO FRONTIER OF KOREA
BEFORE SUBMITTING FINAL ANSWER TO JAPAN
The San Francisco Call.Japan's area corresponds to that of
California, and Korea to that of Kan-
Baa.
To Cure a Cold in One Bay.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine All
druKRists refund the money if tt falls to cure.
E. W. Gro\e'B signature la on each box. 25c. •
SALIDA. Colo., Jan. 2S.— The jury in the
case of J. W. Ryan, charged with having vic
timized two banks In this city, to-day returned
a verdict of guilty. Ryan, with several con
federates, . cashed two forced checks. . -
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 28.— Judge
Bennett yesterday discharged the
Jury In the case of Jennie Castro, the
dance hall girl, who shot and killed
her former husband, Thomas F. Amey,
in a resort In this city last Novem
ber. The defendant claimed her act
was one of self-defense and told a
story of cruel abuse at the hands of
her divorced husband. The jury is
said to have stood ten to two for ac
quittal.
Jury in Murder Case Disagrees.
MONTEREY, Jan. 28.— M. M. Stew
art, 74 years of age, who for the last
four or five years has resided in Oak
Grove, this city, was struck by a car
of the Monterey and Pacific Grove
Electric. Railway Wednesday and re
ceived injuries which caused his death
within twenty minutes.
Killed by an Electric Car.
Missing Man Is Located in Oregon.
REDDING, Jan. 2S — L. E. Blanchard,
who disappeared the day before.Christ
mas while walking from the Northern
California Po^'er Company's plant on
Cow Creek to Whitmore, a distance of
five miles, £o get a bottle of medicine,
and who was supposed to have perished
in the woods, has been heard from. He
is in Portland, Or. In a^ letter to a
former chum at the power "plant he ar
ranges for the disposition of his effects.
The only reference he makes to his
strange behavior is "let them guess
why I left."
I — ** ¦ ? ¦
We are closing out several odd lots of
framed pictures at one-half the regular
prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co. . ., • ¦ •
TUCSON, Ariz., Jan. 28.— Suit has
been filed in the District Court by L."
Zeckendorf, senior partner of the firm
of L. Zeckendorf & Co., against Albert
Strofel, the junior member of the firm;
D. M. Curtis, mining expert of the
firm; R. K. Shelton. the Silver Bell
Mining Company and the Mammoth
Copper Company for $337,000 damages.
The complaint contains charges of
fraud and collusion between the de
fendants in the 'sale of the Silver Bell
mines to the Imperial Copper Com
pany.
Charges His .Partners With Fraud.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 28. — Herman
L. Haas, a Santa Fe freight brakeman,
was killed in a landslide at Crary sta
tion, a few miles below Corona, Wed
nesday. Haas was standing on top
of his train when the landslide started
from the ton of the bluff beside the
track. Believing that the train was
about to be caught in the slide, Haas
jumped and landed directly in front of
the avalanche of dirt and rocks. He
was buried In the debris and when his
body was dug out a few moments later
life was extinct. Haas was 23 years of
age.
Landslide Kills a Brakcman.
Russia has almost three times the
population of Japan.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 28. — The plant
of the Los Angeles Box and Bee Hive
Company was totally destroyed by fire
shortly before last midnight.* The
plant covered more than an acre and
was filled with finished material, glass,
beeswax and a quantity of honey. The
loss on the plant will amount to $50,000.
The residences of T. H. Dakan, E. J.
Dakan, J. W. Stevens, Charles Root
and George Owens, all frame dwellings,
were also. destroyed, causing an addi
tional loss of $10,000. The fire will
throw nearly 100 men out of employ
ment.
Fire Destroys it Big: Plant.
By Sally 'Sharp.
Quite the affair of note iast night was
the dance given by Mr. and Mrs.
Homer S. King in honor of Miss Ethel
Herrick of New York, who is a guest
of the young daughters of the house,
Miss G«nevieve and Miss Hazel King.
The main floor of the home was made
beautiful with palms, carnations and
the brilliant poinsetta. Although the
guests were confined maijily to the
younger set— the debutantes of this
year and last — a room was prepared on
the upper floor for the enjoyment of
bridge— the especial predilection of the
smart ret at the present hour. On the
floor below the dejeuner was served,
in a miniature forest of shrubs,
branches and trailing vines.
More than one hundred guests pre
sented their compliments to the guest
of honor and her host and hostess.
It was assuredly a merry throng of
young folks that wound its sinuous
way through the dance.'
PEUSOXAL.
Mr. and Mrs. Byron Mauzy are at
the Waldorf-Astoria, New York.
Californians In New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28. — The follow
ing Calif ornians are in New York:
From San Francisco — B. Ettlinger,
at the Imperial; M. Hale, at the Man
hattan; Miss H. Howard, at the Cadil
lac; H. T. Lee, at the Manhattan; R.
Mauvais and F. C. Watson, at the
Hoffman; J. Hughes, at the Welling
ton; A. M. Hunt, at the Imperial; S.
Upright, at the Grand Union; J. G.
Whitson, at the Savoy; W. C. Barrett
and L. H. Carey, at the Westminster;
C. A. Connell. at the Holland; L. J.
Lawler. at the Metropolitan, and R. C.
Purcell. at the Broadway Central.
From Santa Barbara — H. Roberts,
at the Broadway Central.
Collegians to Hear Addresses.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 28.
— On Wednesday next the first general
assembly of the semester will be held
in Assembly Hall. President Jordan
will address the meeting on some topic
connected with his late trip through
the East, It is probable that Dr
Harry B. Reynolds of San Francisco"
president of the Stanford Alumni As
sociation, will also addrcs3 the meet
ing.
Died 'from Ptomaine Poison.
MILL VALLEY. Jan. 28.—^As the
result of ptomaine poison G. "Wehr, a
citizen of this city, is dead. Wehr was
taken ill suddenly after eating canned
meat and died a few hours later.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 28. — Articles incorporating
the Durlfield Lumber and Warehouse Company
¦were filed In the County Clerk's office to-day.
Th6* object of the corporation 1j> to conduct
a general lumber, hay, prain. mill and hard
ware business at Mountain View. It6 capital
stock is $23,000, of which $10,003 have bef-n
actually— FUbscrlbed. The director* of tho
company and the amount of stock held are as
follow**: ' John Dudfleld. $6000; Houkan Trul-
Fon, $4000: William Dean, W. B. Allen and
F. K. Saundcrs, $1 each.
Civil Service ComxiiiHsfon Takes Ac
1 • lion in Health Board Matters.
At the meeting of the Civil Service
"Commission last night the temporary
appointments of Louis Levy as Dep
°uty Health < >fflcer. of A. M. Currie as
.-i^sistajit superintendent of the Alms
house.';md of James Reavey and Hen
ry Miller, factory and workshop in
•epe'etors, were approved. The ap
pointment of James P. McQuaide as
.;i£-«istent warden and custodian at the
City and County Hospital was disap-
Iiroyed.
c Action upon the temporary appoint
ment of Dr. Ehrlick as receiving sec
retary at the City and County Hospital
•was ' postponed pending inquiry into
the nature of the duties to be per
formed by him.
". Xo action was taken upon the tem
porary- appointments of the three dis
trict health officers and the four in
specting physicians for \he reason
that these men were appointed as phy
sicians to do professional work and
therefore, in the opinion of the com
mission, thpy fome within the pro
vision of article XIII of the charter,
which states that all physicians ap
pointed on and by the Board of
Healtft are exempt from the Jurisdic
tion of the Civil Service Commission.
M^xfoo produced, last year, $9,000,000
in gold and 572,000,000 in silver.
.APPROVES APPOINTMENTS.
PRETTY DANCE
GIVEN AT THE
KING HOME
SAN JOSE. Jan. 28. — The family of
Henry McCleary, who was killed by a
Southern Pacific train near Mountain
View on September 23 last, has be.
gun a suit against the railroad com
pany for $25,000 damages. Rachel U.
McCleary, the widow, and John C. Mc-
Cleary, a son, and Ada Girard, a
daughter, and John P. Girard, a son
in-law, are the plaintiffs.'. The engi
neer, William J. Brown, and Charles
F. Dameron, the fireman, are made de
fendants with the Southern Pacific
Company. The complaint is remark
able for its brevity and also for the
fact that all the members of the fam
ily of the deceased are made plaintiffs
and the engineer and fireman are made
defendants.
Files Suit Against Railroad.
HOUSTON, Tex., Jan. 28. — A ship
ment of 3600 bales of cotton destined
for Japan left here to-rrfght via the
Southern Pacific for San Francisco.
The shipment required forty-one cars
and is a record so far as the Oriental
trade is concerned.
Record Shipment ' of Cotton.
LOMPOC, Jan. 28.— Professor D. T.
Fowler of Berkeley, assisted by Profes
sor Edward Berwick of Pacific Grove,
president of the Postal
Pro; -ess League, held three success
ful University of California farmers'
Institute meetings here Tuesday. The
morning session was devoted to irriga
tion, its advantager and pos: )ilities.
a.d the utilizing of the Santa .Ynez
River for same. In the afternoon much
interest was infused by Professor Fow
ler's address on the "Silo," its uses
and opportunities from an economical
Standpoint. Professor Berwick also
spoke interestingly on horticulture.
The evening meeting was well attend
ed and was devoted principally to
farr.ers' institutes, their success and
accomplishments throughout the State
from a financial point of view.
Hold Farmers' Institute Meetings.
TOKIO, Jan. 28.— It is expected that
the answer of Russia to Japan's latest
note will reach Tokio : not later than
next Monday. \
Russia's response is eagerly awaited,
and should it prove unsatisfactory to
Japan an immediate declaration of war
seems unavoidable. The Japanese feel
that the entire : responsibility for the
outcome rests with Russia.
Some doubt is expressed that Russia
appreciates the determination and tem
per of the Japanese people, but it seerna
incredible that Baron de Rosen has
failed to correctly inform the Govern
ment In St. Petersburg of trie situation.
Should Reply Be Unsatisfactory. Tokio
May Declare War.
AWAITS WORD FROM RUSSIA.
PARIS. Jan. 29. — The Port Arthur
correspondent of the Paris edition of
the New York Herald announces the
departure of the Ninth, Tenth . and
Eleventh Siberian Rifles for the Yalu
River. The correspondent says that
Vice Admiral Alexieff is suffering with
influenza, but confers daily with his
military chiefs.
Russians Advance, to the Yalu.
The authorities have invited Rus
sian women to Port Arthur to join the
Red Cross.
The reorganization of Port Arthur's
resources continues as though war
were certain. The authorities are re
ceiving many startling reports from
Korea and China. .
PORT ARTHUR, Jan. 29. — A tele
gram reported to have been sent by
the Russian military attache, at Tokio
was received yesterday. It gave in
formation of the mobilization of the
Japanese army and had the effect of
renewing preparations for the dis
patch of troops already ordered to the
north, but which had been detained
on account of the peaceful aspect of
affairs. . *
Is Being Mobilized.
Russians Learn That Mikado's Army.
JAPAN'S WAR MOVEMENTS.
SEOUL, Jan. 28.— The internal dis
turbance is spreading. It is the re
sult of increased taxation. The Gov
ernors of three provinces report* that
their officers have been captured by
organized bands and Government
funds taken.
I am unable to obtain cable com
munication with Vladivostok, but am
informed by passengers who have ar
riven at Gensan from Vladivostok and
from other sources that the disturb
ance there on the 9th inst., the Rus
sian-Christmas, was created by intoxi
cated Russian marines and Japanese
women. Numerous houses were de
stroyed, mostly Japanese, and the
Russian theater. The usual fighting
occurred. As occurs on such occa
sions there was considerable brutality,
but no fatalities. No earnest efforts
were made by the officers to control
the marines until much property was
destroyed.
The notification of Korean neutral
ity cabled from Chefu to the powess
was unknown in the Korean Foreign
Office until replies were received from
Korean representatives abroad. The
intimation was that it was arranged
by Ti Yong Ik and Hyen SanK Kun,
the latter having just returned from
Russia. .
The Korean Minister in Tokio was
instructed to-day to especially urge
Japanese's immediate recognition of
Korea's neutrality.
Special Cablegram to The Call. and New York
Herald. Copyright. 10O4, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Provincials, ; Officers nnd Funds Cap
tured by Marauders.
KOREAN RIOTS SPREADING.
"One explorer followed mysterious
footprints in the snow of the high
mountains of New Zealand, but never
came up with the beast that had made
them. But they were such strange foot
prints that other scientists agreed with
him that the thing that made them was
quite unknown to the world and must
be a wonderful being.
"So. you see. there Is plenty of work
still for us wild animal catchers. We
haven't seen everything that there is to
be seen by a long shot." — London Ex
press. • .
"He says that he has heard so many
tales from the native hunters up there
of the existence of a one-horned ante
lope horse that he Is bound to try and
get one. I don't think there is any such
thing myself, but then I didn't take
much stock In the discovery of a primi
tive wild horse In Central Asia, either,
and now the zoological gardens of
Hamburg and New York have living
specimens of these horses— funny, big
headed little brutes that are repre
sentatives of some type of horse that
must be hundreds of thousands of
years old.
"Down in New Zealand, comparative
ly small as the land is, there are many
animal and bird mysteries still. They
say that there is a brand-new— that is,
new to the world — type of animal on
the order of the duckbill down there
yet. Darwin always thought that some
day a veritable lizard bird (not a flying
bird, but a true missing link between
the birds and the reptiles) might be
fcund there.
. "It is a true rodent like the rat, but
it \s as big as a Newfoundland dog.
T/nat would be a good catch for a zo
ological garden.
"Another fine- prize is down there in
South America. It is a new species of
jaguar, auite different from any that
has ever been exhibited In the shows
in any part of the world. It's a big.
black fellow and tremendously fierce.
Nobody has ever taken. one alive.
"Then in the forests of the Amazon
are two birds that would make their
captor, a famous man among zoologists.
They are the bell bird, which has a
voice exactly like a clear ringing bell,
and the 'lost soul,' which has a cry that
makes the shivers creep along a man's
backbone when he hears it in those
dark, mysterious, silent, forbidding
woods.
"In Burmah somewhere is a rhinoce
ros that has a black hide and big tuft
ed ears. The hide has been seen by
white men lots of times, but they
haven't ever seen a living animal.
"Up in the Himalayas a man has
been looking for years for— what do
you suppose? A unicorn. He may be
crazy — he may be right.
LOOKING FOIt A UXICORN".
"Down in South Africa, somewhere
behind the northeastern side of the
Andes, a little north of the equator.
Is a beast that is the biggest rodent
in the world. Travelers have seen
pieces of Its hide and its bones, and a
few have glimpsed it as it sped through
the dark primeval forests.
RAT AS BIG AS A DOG.
"It's a cross , between a draff e and
a horse, apparently, and a mighty bis
animal. There'll be big money fqr the
circus that' gets the first specimen, and
there are some plucky and smart men
in Uganda at this very moment look
ins for the brute. •
"Nobody has been lucky enough or
smart enough to catch a Kadiak bear
alive and carry hlfh to civilization.
There's something like a beast for you
— big as a calf, so that he'd make a
roaring Rocky Mountain griisly look
like a little brown bear alongside at
him.
"Oh, there are a good "many animals
that are still to be caught and exhib
ited in the menageries." said the old
animal man, reaching 1 Into'the : cage and
scratching the head of a jaguar. "I
can run off quite a list without; stop
ping to think.
"All the ' zoos are eager now for an
okapi. That's the strange prehistoric
beast that Sir Harry. Johnston 'found
alive in Eastern Africa. • -• :
. Van Loon at last tumbled to the fact
that he was 'the victim of an unscru
pulous gang of bunko men and reported
the matter to Captain Martin. The de
.tectives were put upon the case and
the arrest followed. All of the bets
made were placed in a supposed pool
room at the corner of O'Farrell and
Powell streets. Van Loon states that
he put his money in the hands of some
fellow who made an entry in a book,
but did not give a voucher and that
Pincus and his partners did likewise.
The. fiolice are now searching for this
man, as there is little doubt that he
was one of the gang. The arrest took
place in a room at the corner of Geary
and Powell streets, rented by Van
Loon. A telephone had been Installed
so that he could make inquiries about
th*» horses without any of the trio com
ine to the hotel.
Cox claims to be an owner of several
race horses. Williams maintains that
Barney Schreiber couldD't get along
without him and Pincus Is known to
the police of this city and Seattle.
Unsuspicious of being fleeced when,
on January 21. Pincus imparted the In
formation that he had a sure winner,
Van Loon readily agreed to put up
$1300. Silurian was the "hot thing"
that was scheduled to run away from
the field, but for some reason did not
come within the money.
I " ; DISCO VEHV TOO LATE.
Several days later Van Loon was told
that Henry Ach would be a cinch and
accordingly pave Watson $600 to bet
and placed $700 himself. The horse ran
second and Van Loon was out $1300.
About/ this time Meyers, who seemed
to have made an Impression on -the
proprietor of the hostelry, borrowed
$250.
Pincus called on Van Loon on Jan
uary 12 and gave him $80 as his.win
nings on the race. He also imparted
the information to allay all suspicions
that they were going to make another
bet, which would be a losing one, and
Van Loon gave up $75 as' his share.
Pincus then made a proposition to
place $500 on a horse If the hotel man
would bet $1500. The money was to be
placed with a poolroom near the Cali
fornia Hotel, but Van Loon objected,
and Pincus did not press him. On the
following day Van Loon, upon the rep
resentations of Pincus, bet $250 and
lost.
About January 11 Pincus approached
Van Loon at the hotel relative to fur
nishing him with a quantity of pota
toes. During the conversation Pincus
incidentally mentioned that he had a
friend employed as an operator in the
Western Union Telegraph Company,
who was financially embarrassed and
was desirous of finding some one to
play the number of sure things that
were wired East. Van Loon thought
favorably of the proposition and an
appointment was made for the fallow
ing day. * v
Pincus met Van Loon and took him
to the office of the Western Union Tele
graph Company at the corner of Pine
and Montgomery streets. They started
to go upstairs, when Cox, the pseudo
telegrapher, who was masquerading
under the name of Meyers, made his
appearance. He warned Pincus not to
visit him in the building, as it would
cause his employers to become sus
picious. At this juncture Williams
made his appearauce, and was Intro
duced as Barney Schreiber's right-hand
man. It was decided to bet on a race
the following day and Van Loon gave
Pincus $20.
FTKST BET WINS.
With the arrest last evening of
George W* Williams, alias Watson,
Dave ¦ Cox, alias Meyers, and Ben
Pincus, by Detectives Ryan, Taylor and
Coleman, a story has come to light of
the victimization 'of P. Van Loon, pro
prietor of the Franklin Hotel, out of
$3100. Van Loon saw visions of great
wealth by playing the races from in
side information furnished by the ( trio
and is now a sadder but wiser man.
* . >'s" and an "H"— In ten places, as
well as the three interlaced crescents
which formed Diana's own crest, while
,cn the four corners was the crowned
"H" of the monarchj There is no doubt
that the casket is- the one presented tjr
the King to his favorite.
The box, which is about eighteen
inches long and nine inches wide, is of
wood covered - with beautiful gesso
work. It stands on eight silver acorns,
and at the corners of the lid and body
are elaborate silver ornaments. The
most curious feature is a silver Moorish
dome on the top. Experts suggest that
it may be hollow, and that there may
be something concealed within it. But
Mr. Hubbard has been unable to find
any opening.
In a few days the casket will be ex
hibited at South Kensington Museum. —
Toronto Mail.
On examining.hls prize Mr. Hubbard
found the intertwined monograms of
Henry II and Diana of Poitiers — two
Passing a West End curio shop re
cently, Mr. Hubbard. a well-known
city architect of Gresham street, saw a
tarnished casket in the window. He
entered and asked the price, which he
was told was £35.
Mr. Hubbard took the casket home on
approval, and after a day or two wrote,
asking the dealer whether he would
accept a c,heck for £25, or. have the
.casket returned. The dealer accepted
the check.
A romance of the curiosity shop has
just come to light in London.
Three hundred and fifty years ago
Henry II, King of France, presented a
magnificent casket to his favorite,
Diana of Poltiersl
Readily Parted With the Coin
.Upon Representations Made
by Trio Who Arc in Custody
Okapi, Kadiak Bear,. Mammoth
Rat, Bell Bird and .the' Fa
bled- Unicorn Are Sought
Was Bought by a . London
Architect in a West End
Store for" the 'Sum °* $*- 5
BIG -SUMS -AWAIT CAPTOKS
PLAYED SURE-THING TIPS
ESTIMATED VALUE $25,000
"First, a domestic loan of 100,000,000
yen ($50,000,000); second, the Govern
ment to draft into the treasury the
local land tax, amounting to 25,000,000
yen: third, an increase of other taxes to
yield 15,000,000 yen; fourth, suspension
of public works and administrative re
trenchments, amounting to 40,000,000
yen.
"The total of "•j.000,000 yen a year ob
tained by these last three measures will
be devoted to the securing of war
loans."
mand his passports. In the meanwhile,
Instructions have been sent to the two
Japanese cruisers now at Colombo to
proceed to Singapore, where, in the
event of war being declared, their
crews will be paid oft and the vessels
laid up.
There is nothing in the § dispatches
published this morning to 'show that
the statement of the Daily Graphic is
anything more than "intelligent antici
pation." The dispatch from St. Peters
burg concerning the meeting of ""the
council of state is the latest St. Peters
burg news to reach London.
The Daily Mail a.nd the. Daily "Tele
graph both report in their St. Peters
burp dispatches the possibility of fur
ther negotintions; the Telegraph saying
that the culmination of the crisis is not
expected, before the beginning of
March, and reporting a sudden rise on
the St. Petersburg Bourse.
In a dispatch from Tokio the corre
spondent of the Times gives the finan
cial programme of the Government as
follows:
3Inny Uncaiiny Beasts and
Birds Arc Known to Exist,
but Have Never Been Taken
Casket Given by the French
King:, Henry II, to the Fa
mous Diana of Poitiers
Proprietor of Franklin Hotel
Claims That Three* Sharp
ers Fleeced Him of $3100
The nature of the conclusions reached
by the council is carefully guarded, but
semi-official assurances were given that
the subject was considered in a pacific
spirit and with a determination to do
all possible to preserve peace and to
successfully terminate the negotiations!.
A special meeting of the Council of
State, under v the presidency of the
Grand Duke Alexls.'considered the sub
jeqt for an hour and a half to-day and
reached conclusions . which will be
drafted for submission to the Czar for
his final approval.
Among those present were Foreign
Minister Lamsdorff, War Ministfr
Kuropatkin, Vice Admiral Avellane,
head of the Admiralty Department;
Admiral Abazza, executive chief of the
committee of the Far -East; General
Sakharoff, chief of the army staff, and
M. Hartwig, chief of the Asiatic divis
ion..
Grand Duke Alexis will draft the re
port, which, It is believed, will receiva
the signatures of the members, of the
council and be presented to the Czar
to-morrow. . . "•,
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 28.—Rus
sia's reply to the last Japanese note
probably will be dispatched on Satur
day. It is intimated seml-ofHclallythat
the reply will be couched in pacific
terms.
AVill Be Transmitted to the Toklo
Government To-Morrow.
Japan Is busy perfecting a financial
programme. The announced plan to
Issue bonds and increase taxation meets
with popular approval, but some ob
jections have been made to the pro
posed method of procedure, as well as
tn the redemption plan, it ts expected
that the final details will be settled
soon. / "
The Marquis Ito, Matsukata and Gen
eral Yamogata, members of the. Im
perial Household Finance Council, had
an audience with the Emperor to-day,
at which it was decided that the im
perial household would subscribe to
the Government's " emergency bonds
should they be issued. It .was undo
cided, however, what amount would L>e
taken. . This will make the Emperor a
personal subscriber to- the -proposed
bonds. The Government is receiving
many offers for the bonds,- and it is
expected that the issue will be over
subscribed several times.
RUSSIAN REPTji' DECIDED UPON.
Continued from* Page 1, Column 4.
QUEER ANIMALS
STILL ROAMING
VAN LOON SAYS
HE WAS BUNKOED
HISTORIC FIND
IN LONDON SHOP
RUSSIA MOVES TROOPS
TO FRONTIER OF KOREA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL!, FRIDAY. JANUARY 29, 1004.
2
GREEXBERG & GREEXBERG.
4 SPECIALS 4
For Friday andSaturday
COLLARS
50c values, -oc
T9-DAY ONLY. 40 dozen
Ladies' Lace Collars, made of
choice patterns of Venice Lace,
worth 50c. To-day only 125c
LAWN FLOUNCING
$1.25 values, 48c
TO-DAY ONLY. About 300
yards of this flouncing contain-
ing all the pretty lace and em-
broidered • effects in half and
full flouncing, worth $1.25.
To-day only 48c
VELVET WAISTS
$6.00 values, ?2.O5
TO-DAY ONLY. There are
70 Waists in this lot; colors
white, black, gray, navy blue.
. red, etc., worth $5.00, $6.00 and
$7.00. To-day only JJ52.O5
:.; HOSIERY 1
35c values, 10c
TO-DAY ONLY, 100 dozen
Ladies' Rembrandt Ribbed
Hose, an elegant value at -25c,
all sizes. To-day only 16c
Country Crderi Rmire Prompt Attention.
GREENBERG & GREE.WERG.
31, 33, 35 and 37 Grant Ave.,
Corner Geary St.
ADVEBTIEEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
lijgh-Grade Clothiers
No Branch, Stores. No Agents.
THE KNOWING HOW
TO BUILD CLOTHES FOR
IMMEDIATE SERVICE
IS" AH ACCOMPLISHMENT.
CLOTHES CONSTRUCTION
IS IN ITS INFANCY.
WE ARE PAST GRADUATES.
Kearny Street
Block
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
Accept My Help and Get Well
Without the Bisk of a Penny.
You ran secure the utmost that medicine can do hy
•""Ply writinx a postal card.
All I ask is your came and t ddrc ss, and to know t!i9
book you need. I will arrange with a drunrist near you
so that you nuy take six botues L>r. Shoop's Resrora-
tive i y° u ma / uke il » nw>"«h at my risk. H it suc-
ceeds, the cost u #j.jo. If it fails, I will pay the drujr-
K»t myself. And the sick one's mere word shall de-
cide it.
.,YS u . mu *«'eali»e that tfi is offer would be impossible
H I did not know that my Restorative will cure. A man
apesn t take a risk involving #550. and with hundred*
ot thousands of people, without knowing whata remedy
will do. - -
1 spent a lifetime in perfectinr my'RestoratiYe before
such an offer was possible. 1 tested it thousands of
times, in hospitals and homes, in cases as difficult as
physicians ever meet.
Then I let the world know of it upon terms jo fair that
no reasonable sick one could neglect it. About sso 000
people have arcepted that offer and 30 out ot each 40
have paid ffladly, because they got well.
My success comes from strengthening the insid«
nerves. My Restorative brings back this power which
•lone operates the vital organs. .
The common way is to doctor the weak organ itself,
and many ol you know how temporary are the results.
1 give the weak organ power to do it* duty, and tha
results are not only sure but enduring.
In little troubles my Restorative -is the quickest heln.
In difficult troubles it is usually the only way to a cure.
Simply state which £° ok J ° n t>ysi*p»ia.
boo* you want «« g£ f £ & £!&£*
address Dr. Shoop, Book 4 for Women,
box 86.10. Racine. Bofk * tor Men
„,. (sealed).
>v 1S - Book 6 en Rh-umatlgrn
Mild cases, not chronic, are often cured
with one or two bottloa. At druggists'.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Sfic c?2>^ Steamers leave Saa Fran-
cinco as follows:
Aar^L XiffV For Kptchlkan, 'Wranirp!.
IQ.J Sjdk?ffl \"M Juneau. llaines. Ekaguay,
I I v£S8\ I 1 •''•• Alaska— 11 a. ra. Jar..
I \ YUm%A .' J 26. "I. r pb. 5. Chance to
Y*A \\ sfif company's steamers at Se-
V£>J_^£y attle.
>fl£jS»2J^ For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. "Whatcom — 11 a. m. Jan. 2rt. 31.
Feb. 5. Change* at Seattle to thfs company'*
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Kureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m. Jan. 23. 29, Feb. 4; Corona. 1:30 p. m.
Jan. 2U. Feb. J.
For Ix>3 An*e!>»s (via Port Ix>s Angeles and
Redon'ln*. San DI<*ko and Santa Barbara
Santa Rosa. Sundays, f> a. m.
Ptate c.f California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angelrs <vla San Pedro and T*st
San P^dro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Ilarfard (Saa
Lui* Ohispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Jan. CS. Feb. S.
Bnnita. 9 a. m.. Feb. B.
For Ensenada, Masdalena Bay. San Joaa dot
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Faz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymaa (Mm.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
R'.Kht is reserved to chanste steamers* or sail-
ing dr.tos.
TICKET 1 OrPICES * New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel>. 10 Market street and
Bmadway wharves.
. Freight office. 10 Market strret.
C. D. DT'NAXN. Or.eral Passenger Agent.
10 Market? street. San Francisco.
O- /?. & N. CO.
Oreyon sail3 Jan. 2S. Feb. 7. 17. 27. March
ft. 19 and 2J». S. S. Oregon Is tenworarlly In
s'rvico inslrail of tho Columbia. Georgf VT.
KlcW Mills Jan. 2^. Feb. 2. 12. 22, March 4.
1* and 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short ruil line from Portland
to nil pointj Eawt. Through tickets to. all
points, all ra'l or steamship and rail, at LOW-
EST RATiyv Steamer tickets include berth
and rr.ea!?. Steamer sail* foot of Spear at. at
II a. m. S. V. BOOTH. Oen. A*t. Pass. D»pt.,
1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt
Freight Dvpt.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers ¦will leave wharf, corner First an*
Drcinnnn streets. :it 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hcngkonsr. calling at Kr.b* (Hiogo). Naga-
saki ar.d Shanrhal. and connecting at Hong-
kong with stfamers tor India, etc. No cargo
received on board the day of sailing.
Via Honolulu. RounrJ-trip tickrta at r?*uce<t
rate*. For froieht and ;-ay* >s;.-> apply at Com-
pany's office. 121 M.-.rket street. corn«r First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
UCCJUUC5.5.1O. SRffigB
S S. AUMEPA. for Honolulu. Jan. SO. 11 a.m.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Feb. 11. 11 a. m.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land an.l Sydney. Thursday. Feb. 11. 2 p. m.
U.SrSICUlSi S3SS.C9^«^s..TUtstEICca,643Ba>tlt31
Jr*HtMla.MlBwMSl.P!tfIfc7.?i2&St *
COKFAGniS QS3E5ALS TaA53ATH!»nj71
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. __.
Sailin,: every Thursday instead of jjfn&L.
P.-U'ir.iay. ut t" -i. m.. from IVr 1^. 7£*£&&!f
North Kiver. foot of Morten at.
. First clans to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havr. $in and upward. - GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. :« Hion.luay (H-utson B.iUiltng>.
New York. J. F. FLGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, gan Francisco
Tickets sold by all Rallron.l Ticket Agents.
Mar« Island and Vaiujo Stearaers.
Steamer OEN. FRJSBIE or MONTICELLO^
0:45 a. m.. :S:15 and *:3O p. m., except Sunday
Sunday, 9.45 a. m *:3O |>. m. Leave Vallejo.
j 7 a. m. t l+.M ami G p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, ? a. ra.. 4:1a p. ro. Fare 50 cents. T«l
Mam 150S. Pier 2. Mlsiloa-sl dock! HATVU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§1 Brand jf
H Evaporated! m
H ©ream M
HI Is of uniform quality at all |1|
111 seasons, always pure, heavy R§j
tj||| In consistence, of delicious &5§
»3 flavor and appetizing ap- eM
iii Ask for the brand with f|9
j|| the" Helvetia' 1 cap label. Igl
IJIl Made by the largest pro- Spa
Mjm ducers of Evaporated »3a|k
j£|g|p Cream in' the world. wi%
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
TROUBLE MB PIT KNOW IT
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Dd for YOU. Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible fop more sickness
c and suffering than any other discasr - therefore, when, through
, neglect or oiher causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
'Your other organs may need attention — but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or "'feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
1 os soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in the urine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
bladder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
. "stands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble.
rurc£ of the most distressing; cases, skin eruptions from bad blood, neural-
•«S wamp- Root will set your wlfole sys- gia. rheumatism, diabetes, bloating, ir-
teni right, and the best proof of this ritability. worn-out feeling, lack of am-
is a trial. bition. loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
14 east 120TK ST.. new tork ott. or Bricht's disease.
r * : *i" hid' t*en aaffwiac Km«Mna krdliev j If vour water, when allowed to re-
!*ou"^is. All »>mptom« **ie on hand; my main undisturbed in a class or bottle for
lorxner rtr«>t:rth an4 pemef had left m#; I »,..«„*,. f^.-r i ir ,, irc t V>rmc a cpHi'mont nr
could hardly draz myself alone Evea my t\\ent>-low hours, torms a sediment or
mental capacity was «-nin* out. and o«*n 1 1 fettling or has a cloudy appearance, it
«!shed to die. It Wat then I raw an «dvmife- \ Jc »vir1en~r that votir lriHnpv<; and
mer.t of your* tn a New York paper, but would ', *.'J aen - c l . nal OUr K ' an ?y s ana
t»ct have paid any attention to it had it not I bladder need immediate attention.
promi«Hl a ewom (raarante* with every bcttl* Swamn-Root is the Teat disrovrrv of
of your medicine. »«'Rln» that your Swamp- »¦» £" P IV , IS . " r " ui.sco\cry Ol
liot^t is r»jrfiy vecetabie and dors not contain Ur. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
any harmful drucs i am MveBtjr year* and bladder specialist. Hospitals use it
four month? old. anj with a good conscience 1 •.! j r i u it- i* i.^.
r«n recommend fwsrr.p-Root to all sufferers Wlth wonderful SUCCeSS in both slight
?rom kidney trouble*. Four members of my and severe cases. Doctor? recommend
Jarr.ily have be-r-n ufinjs Swamp-Root for four ,'t * n tli^ir fiatiruts and imp it in tVipir
afferent kidney disease, with the tame good 3t ' tO , .f. P al^ nts anQ use. It, in tneir
i»fuits." own families, because they recocnize
with many thanks to you. i remain. j n Swamp-Root the greatest and most
\ cry *r*u*) jo jr^, f <• « ¦ ¦ .**
noBERT berxer. successful remedy. * \
• Yfsu may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant Jo take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root. »s for sale at drug stores the- world
-. «ent free by mail, post-paid, by whicli over in bottles of two sizes and two
..yo:: inay test its virtues for such di^. prices — fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
•cr.ders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name. Swamp-Root, Dr.
."diseases, poor digestion, being obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
t'o -pass your water frequently nieht and dress Binghamton, N. Y. t on every
day, smarting or irritation in passing, bottle. .
EDITORIAL NOTICE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kid-
r'cy or bladder trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send
at ence to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton, N. Y.. who will gladlv send you
• by mail, immediately, without cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp-Root
sr.fl a book containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial
.. Jitters received from men and women cured. In writing, be sure to say that
you read this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.said, could have been made by a blunt
instrument or by/a fall.' He said that
the wounds pn the scalp and neck were
inflicted by some sharp-edged instru
ment, probably a keen knife. Dr. Bac
igalupi repeated his statement as to
the probable time of the man's death;
as determined by an .examination of
the stomach and intestines. He stated
that the stomach .was quite full of food
and that the intestines had nothing in
them, showing that the food had not
been digested in the • stomach or it
would have passed into the intestines.
He stated that Blaise was a man well
built; : who .weighed 152 pounds and was
five feet filx inches high. The body. was
in excellent condition.
Former. Resilient of Oakland Honored.
XEW YORK. Jan. 28.— Professor J. LJ
Magnes, professor of Hebrew in Union
College, Cincinnati, and a native of
Oakland, Cal.. has been called to the
pastorate of Temple Israel, Brooklyn.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Jan. 28.—Anx
iety over the' safety of the steamer
Seaolin, twelve -' days overdue from
Wyndham Bay to Juneau, has been
relieved by the arrival of the vessel
at Juneau. The cause of the delay
was the rough weather encountered.
The Seaolin also broke her propeller
blade. '£'&}*.
Overdue Vessel Reaches Juneau.
TONAWANDA, N. Y., Jan.
28. — Half a square mile of glowing em
bers was all that remained to-day of
one of the largest lumber yards in
"North Tonawanda. All of the north
end of Tonawanda Island was swept
by the flames and between 12.000,000 and
15,000.000 feet of lumber, valued at a
quarter of a million dollars, was de
stroyed. The loss is fully covered by
insurance. The heaviest! loser -is the
firm of White, Rider & White, whose
loss will amount to $225,000. The fire is
believed to have been of incendiary
origin. ','-.,=
Fire Sweeps End of Tonawanda Island.
PUEBLO, Colo., Jan. 28. — The case
of the men of Company G, Colorado
National Guard, who announced yes
terday that they would hold the State
Armory in this city until the State re
munerated them for services in Crip
ple Creek, looked serious for a time
to-day, when Adjutant General Sher
man Bell sent word to Pueblo to have
.warrants sworn out against each of
the men. Later, however, a telephone
message was rgceived from Governor
Peabody announcing that Paymaster
Gross would be in Pueblo at noon to
morrow to pay all the Pueblo men of
Companies B and G whp were on duty
during the strike.
Pueblo Militia Will Be Paid.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 28.— P. Izuma. a
Japanese who killed a fellow-country
man near Watsonville by severing: his
head with an ax, furnished consider
able excitement this morning when he
attempted to hang himself by making
a rope of blankets. He was discov
ered by Deputy Sheriff Alzina. who
cut him down. "While the trial was
in progress in the Superior Court he
suddenly attacked Under Sheriff Hor
ton and Alzina, who was sitting near.
The officers threw him to the floor and
handcuffed him. Alzina received a
scratch on the neck. Many Japanese
who were in the courtroom made for
the door, fearing the infuriated pris
oner would attack them. This after
noon Izuma was examined by five phy
sicians and declared insane.
Insane Japanese Excites a Court.
.Joseph NeiV.as was next placed r>n
the stand. Ke told of the various con
vecstttions that Soeder had with him
on the subject of insurance. His testi
inony was: in part as follows:
'One day Solder came to me and
said that it was a shame that a poc.
rnan could not insure a hnuse for much
money. He .«aid it v.as a sha:ne that
a .person could not insun* the same
thing in mure than one company. He
then asked me if I had my house in
jured, and told me that he had a house
injured in the country once and could
•only set 51500 on it. He said a. cor
l^oVation could insure in several com
panies, but a poor man had not the
privilege.
• ••'Socder also told me that should any
one call arkir.? about his character leil
hini that he was a sober man and a
¦i r-spe>ctable citizen. He referred to in
surance people. I told him that I would.
AH this conversation happened th» first
•.v»«ek that Soeder and Blaise were at
•Neiblas then told about the proposi
¦tiorjs Soeder had made to him to assist
him. in refraining the jewelry that he
had given Miss Flatley. He said Soeder
*old him that he had been out to the
t'latley house on Marshall street and
Jsirl that he had found that his trur;k
had r*»en broken into and some things
T<?rwoved fro^i it.
N'pfblas then told of the movements
,of .Soeder on the day of the murdor.
At, the Coroner's inque«t and at his
first hearing in the Police Court, Noi
.hlas maintained that he could not tell
?vfc>ther Seeder was in his room on the
night of th» murd»r. Yesterday he
'XEIBLAS' ODD STORY
tened to the room door and not to the J
front door of the house, as she had pr-^- j
viously ¦ testified. A good deal of time j
v.as taken up in getting her to ex- |
T»!a.in about the footprints in the gar
den, but she seemed to know little about
them. <-,*.*¦:'¦
She told of the proposition that.
Soeder made to Cannon to follow
Miss Flatley. and try to regain the
jewelry, and also of his offer of $10
to Cannon to burn down the young 1 j
woman's house. Miss King stated that i
Soeder also asked her if she would*;
burn the house down for $10.
"At 10 o'clock, or a few minutes be
fore." said the King: woman, on the
night of January 10, Soeder came
into the saloon and stood for a mo
ment under the archway | that leads
from the saloon to the dance hall. I
bowed to him and he returned the
bow. Then he left the place. That
was the last I saw of him." Miss King
said that s=he knew the time because
she looked at the clock a few min- i
utes after Soeder had left the saloon,
as she was anxious to set home, not
feeling well. It was then Just 10 1
o'clock.
The woman said she had seen Soe- !
der have a revolver several times, and j
that once he had pressed it to her
stomach. It was not loaded, but Soe
der carried the cartridges in his vest
pocket.
Frank Cannon took the stand and re- ]
hearsed the conversation between Soe-J
der and himself.* He says that he and
Soeder were drunk when Soeder made
the proposition to him. His testimony '<
was productive of nothing that has not
already been published.
Manuel A. Levy, the pawnbroker of;
2375 Bush street, to whom Soeder sold his
revolver and cartridges on the morn
ing of the discovery of the murder, '¦
identified the receipt and Identified Soe- '
der as the man who signed the name;
of Sam Norm.Tn to it. Levy was un
able to identify the pistol on account:
of its being a common looking one.. j
Attorney Salomon objected to the in
troduction of. the pistol and cartridges I
as evidence, but was overruled.
Dr. Louis Bacigalupi, autopsy surgeon,'. 1
testified that death in the case of Blaise
resulted from a deep incised wound of i
the right side of the neck. The jugular i
vein and the carotid artery were sev- !
ered, causing the loss of a large amount
of blood. Bacigalupi said that death i
from such a wound as was found in'
Blaise's neck would result within fif- '
teen minutes. He said there were no!
broken bones or contusions on the body:
other than the wounds found on the!
scalp and neck, and two minor. contu
sions, one directly in back of the pinna
of the right ear. and one on the;point
of the right elbow.
• Either of the contusions, the surgeon
WANTED HOUSE BURNED. 1
Teresa Kins', the woman from the
O K saloon dance hall, 517 Pacific
street, testilied that she had met Soe
der the latter part of November last,
after the 16th, on which day she ar
rived from Los Angeles. Soeder did
not arrive In the city, with Blaise un
til December ] 2. when he registered
at tho United States Hotel.
The King woman said she intro
duced Frank Cannon to Soeder, on his
request for some one to do a little de
tective work. This introduction, she
said, was made on the 4th or 5th of
January- She said she had drank five
or six times with Soeder and only onca
did he have Blaise with him. She
identified Blaise by his photograph.
The day that Blaise visited the saloon
with Soeder she said was the 17th or
'18th of December.
der had a black suit on the night he
was at the restaurant. Henley asked
the woman whether she had talked to
Attorney Campbell, one of Soeder's
attorneys, during- the noon recess. She
denied that she had. Gibson alleges
that she was seen in conversation with
Campbell. .
Her sister, Clothilde Vallarta, cor
roborated the testimony and was
asked if she had been approached by
the attorney for the defense. She
said no. The testimony given by her
and her sister was a point for the de
fense, as the police have been trying
to prdVe that Soeder wore a gray suit
when he was in the restaurant with
Blaise.
She told of Soeder's visit . to her
place, the day after the murder and
said that he told her that Blaise was
killed and that he had $90 on his per
son when Soeder last saw him.
Detective Gibson wanted to Im
peach the witness, but Prosecuting
Attorney. Hen ley ;. thought It better .. to
let her. go. Gibson says the woman
has been approached by friends' of
Boeder's and told to swear that Soe-
In the cross-examination by Attor
ney Salomon, he said hi? saw Soeder
but seldom, and a moment later stated
that he saw him almost every day.
WO.MAX REPEATS TESTIMONY.
Maria Vallarta. who with her sister
conducts the Original Mexican restau
rant at 721 Broadway, restaurant
where Blaise, in company with Soeder,
took his last meal, was placed on the
stand. Her testimony was the same a3
that given by her at the Cc-roner's in
quest on Tuesday. She maintains that
it was 5:30 when the two men came to
supper and 6 or 6:00 o'clock when they
left the restaurant. She said she
thought that Soeder had a black suit
on at the time he was in -her restau
rant and was sure that it was a dark
one.
Neiblas identified a pair of shoes as
the ones he had tried in the tracks in
the garden beneath Boeder's window.
He did not know whether the shoes be
longed to Soeder. He identified a com
mon, nickel-plated revolver as the one
he had seen in Soeder's overcoat pocket
prior to the murder. His identifica
tion v.as made by a speck e-f rust on
the butt end of the metal handle.
When Attorney Salomon was trying
to elicit an intelligent answer in re
gard to the tracks in the garden, Nei
b'as Kc-t angry at being asked to repeat
his answer. Attorney Salomon Insisted
on asking him the question three times,
and was cut short by Judge Cabaniss.
Salomon insisted in asking his ques
tion, and (he Judge told the witness
not to answer. Salomon took excep
tion to the rulinjr.
The gray suit worn by Soeder on the
night c-f the murder, as alleged by the
police, was produced, and Neiblas. al
thougn he had ser-n it but once, and
that more than six wee,ks ago, identi
fied it as that worn by Soeder on the
day he rented the room. The suit was
of an ordinary pattern, such as may
be seen every day. yet Neiblas was
positive it was Boeder's. He told of a
transom over the door of his room
leading from the hall, and said that
every time the front door or the door
leading from the hall into Boeder's
rooru was opened he would be able to
detect It by the shaking of the tran
som over his door. '•The whole house
shakes," said Neiblas, "whenever a
door is opened or any one walks on
the floors. The folding bed also makes
a lot of noise, as It has to be turned
around before it can be opened."
At this stage Neiblas became excited
and insisted on bringing his wife Into
the testimony, and seemed hurt when
he was toJd to relate only what he
himself knew. Judge Cabaniss inter
ceded and said that the witness should
be shown consideration because he was
a high-strur.g individual, who could
neither read r.or write.
COAT IN" COURT.
This statement, coming from a wit
ness who the previous day was not
positive of anything, created general
surprise.
swore that he knew that Soeder was
not in his room on the night in ques
tion. When asked his reasons he said
that he had looked under the door and
had seen no light in the room. He had
previously stated that he would not
have heard Soeder con:r in had he en
tered the house after 10:13 on the night
of the murder. Yesterday he was posi
tive that Soeder could not have come
home after 10:15 o'clock. His reasons
for this absolute statement were that
he had always heard the front door
ipen whether he was asleep or awake:.
3o he argued Soeder could not have
ome in the front door, lighted a lamp
.1 his room or let down the folding bo-1
•;• he would have, heard him.' • * ¦_*
continued From Page 1, Column 1.
ONE OF THE PRINCIPAL WITNESSES FOR THE PROSECUTION IX THE SOEDER CASE AND SOME OF
THOSE IDENTIFIED WITH THE EFFORTS BEING MADE BY THE AUTHORITIES TO SOLVE THE
MYSTERY OF THE MURDER OF JOSEPH BLAISE.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 28. — Nineteen pu
pils were graduated from the San Jose
High School to-day. This evening the
class held its graduating exercises in
the assembly hall. The place -was
crowded with .the friends and rela
tives of the pupils. There was a fine
musical and literary programme, with
the class hiptory, prophecy and poem
and selections by the High School or
chestra. Diplomas were presented to
the. following pupils by Principal
Rockwell D. Hunt: .Lela M. Gilmore,
Grace M. Bodley, Rhoda Brennan,
Forrest L. Brueh, Emma E. Cline.
Florence I. Edwards, Irene M. Estes,
Grace G. Farrell, Ella M. -Gilmore,
Ethel K. Hannon, Constance P. Jon-'
geneel, Teresa Kell, Agnes A. McKier
nan, Dora E. Powell, J. Stanley Rob
erts, Bessie M.'Symonds, Louise Mig
non, Hester M. Van Valer and Alice
L. Volkers.
High School Pupils Graduated.
FLORENCE. Italy. Jan. 28.— A notable lnv
provement has taken place in the health of
Mrs. Samuel L.. Clemens.
PARIS. Jan. 28. — Rumors of the intention
of Finance Minister Rouvier to resign his
portfolio have arisen as the result of differ
ences between Rouvler and Marine Minister
Pelletan In reerard to the proposal that tha
Government purchase, the State railroads.
What a pleasure it is to look at pretty
photographs. Get a camera and take the
photos yourself. We have cameras from
80c up. and all camera supplies. San
born, Vail & Co. 'V;\*. r;
This "week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater In stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. 413 Post street. ¦
PARIS. Jan. 2S.— Th» president of the Court
of Cassation has appointed Counsellor Boy»r
to report on the demand of Dreyfus for a re
vision of his trial. Neither M. Boyer nor At
torney General Baudoin took part in tiJ« first
revision of the trial.
Several Men Are Slightly Injured Dur
ing the Blaze, Which Required En
tire Department's Efforts.
PORTLAND, Ore., Jan. 28.— The Park
street public school, the second most
important public institution of learning
in Portland, was destroyed by. fire to
night and about 700 children who were
enrolled" at the school will have to be
cared for in other schools of the v city
pending better accommodation.
The tire spread with' remarkable rap
idity and in a short time the annex
was a mass of flames. Alarm after
alarm was sounded, the entire Fire De
partment of the city responding to the
calls.
Several firemen were more or less
injured. The loss will be in the neigh
borhood of 560,000. There was some in
surance on the property, but the ex
act amount could not be learned to
night.
SCHOOLHOUSE IS LOST
IX FIRE AT PORTLAND
HAVANA, Jan. 28.— The official ac
counts of the rioting at Cienfuegos
given out at the palace here minimize
the occurrence. The Mayor of Cien
fuegos has telegraphed that the trouble
was promotetd by detectives dressed in
citizens* clothes, and a telegram has
been received from the Governor of the
province saying that Colonel Campillo
of Santa Clara was stabbed three
times. The, reports issued by the Gov
ernment ate meager, but they relate
that some men styling themseives po
lice agents ejected several Liberals
who were copying the lists of voters
from the City Hall. These Liberals are
reported to have torn down and de
stroyed other election lists. The offi
cial reports also say that one Liberal
leader was so badly clubbed at the rail
road station that he had to be taken to
the hospital.
The trouble began In the Central
Cafe when Francisco Canellos and Vic
tor Zegreran, Republicans, who were
entertaining some Colombian friends,
were attacked by several Liberal Na
tionalists. The cafe was transformed
into a battlefield, and a large and ex
cited crowd surged back and forth In
the streets.
The principal fight occurred in front
of the City Hall. Many revolver shots
were tired, but nobody was shot, the
injuries all resulting from stick and fist
encounters. The people of the city were
alarmed and barred their doors and
¦windows and closed all the stores. The
situation is calmer to-day, but politi
cal feeling runs high.
CIENFUEGOS, Cuba, . Jan. 2S.— A
riot ,in which four men were seriously
injured and a dozen others slightly
hurt took place here last night as a re
sult of bad feeling engendered by the
election campaign.
Marshal Russell at first was disin
clined to treat the letter seriously,
but on investigation and consultation
concluded that the writer may be the
slayer of Sarah Schaefer. He tele
phoned to-night to Chief Ridge of
Louisville, requesting the Louisville
police to investigate this feature of
the case.
Other letters of a similar nature
have been received and pronounced
hoaxes by the police. At present the
police say that they have no tangible
clew.
"I killed Sarah Schaefer. I intend
to kill myself. *I will drown myself
at 2:15 o'clock Thursday afternoon in
the river between Louisville and New
Albany. In my pockets will be found
letters from her that will explain all.
' "\V. H."
BEDFORD, Ind., Jan. 2 8. — Marshal
Russell to-day received from Louis
ville the following letter:'
Judce Gray Lauded for Presidency.
WILMINGTON, Del., Jan. 28. — Ne
gro -disenfranchisement was suggested
as one of the slogans for the next
Democratic campaign and Judge Gray
was lauded as a candidate for the
Presidential nomination at the dinner
of the League of Delaware to-night.
The action is interpreted as due to
inspiration from Bryan and an indica
tion of what similar Democratic organ
izations in the State will do.
DES MOIXES, Iowa, Jan. 2S. — A.
E. Jackson, chairman of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee, to-day
issued a call for a meeting of the
State Central. Committee to be held
in Des Moines on February 10 to flx
the time and place for the State con
vention to select delegates to the na
tional convention. A meeting was
held to-day by men opposed to Hearst
It was decided to. bend every effort to
secure an uninstructed delegation.
Delegates Instructed for Roosevelt.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 28.— The Repub
lican convention of the Fifth Missouri
Congressional District to-day elected
two delegates and two alternates to
the national convention at Chicago and
instructed them to "vote and use all
honorable means to secure the nomina
tion of Theodore Roosevelt for Presi
dent; also to support Cyrus P. Wal
bridge of St. Louis for Vice President."
OMAHA, Jan. 2S.— The Douglas Coun
ty Democracy, one of the chief Bryan
organizations of the State, to-night
adopted resolutions indorsing the can
didacy of TV'. R. Hearst for President.
The resolution recites his work. for the
party and Instructs members to attend
the convention In a body to vote for
Hearst.
Special Disj>atch to The Call
Leopold Espallat. formerly Minister
of War. has arrived at Monte Cristi to
help Jiminez.
WASHINGTON. Jan. :3.— General
Sanchez, whom the Morales Govern
ment has appointed Dominican Minister
to the United States, had a long talk
with acting Secretary Loomis to-day.
The* substance of what the Minister
had to say was that his Government
was prepared to execute all demands
of this country regarding pending
claims and to stand by all agreements
this Government had made with pre
vious Dominican administrations. Min
ister Powell has practically recognized
the Morales Government and no effort
will be made to recall this action unless
the Morales forces demonstrate their
inability to maintain order. It is said
that Minister Sanchez desires to raise
funds here to put the Government on
a firm basis. No date for his recep
tion and, in fact, very little of a defi
nite character regarding his status
has been decided upon.
Word has been received from General
Deschamps. a partisan of General Jlm
inez, who was taken to Guantanamo,
Cuba, by the United States cruiser
Hartford, of the shipping of munitions
of war and that he and numerous fol
lowers of Jiminez will soon return to
Santo Dominso.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Jan. 2S.— The Do
minican gunboat Fresidente arrived
last Tuesday and the captain asked
the Ilaytian Government for munitions
of war. President Nord made no re
sponse. After the installation of the
new Dominican Consul here the Presi
dente left for llonte Cristi to attempt
to prevent the German steamship
Schamburg entering Monte Cristi, It is
said. •
Writes That He Is About, to
Drown Himself in a River,
Having Killed Sarah Schaefer
Political Feeling Runs High,
and Residents of the City
Bar Their Doors and Windows
Will Attempt to Prevent a
German Steamship Entering
the Port of Monte Cristi
Action Is Interpreted to
3Iean That He Will DeHver
a Solid State Delegation
STICKS AND FISTS USED
PLAN OF THE LINCOLN SAGE
GUNBOAT INVITES TROUBLE
Trouble Begins in a Cafe
During Election Excitement
and Several Men Are Injured
IS THOUGHT TO BE A HOAX
Marshal of an Indiana Town
Receives 'Missive From a 3Ian
AVho Claims to Be a Murderer
Nebraska Democratic Organi
¦ zatioii in' His Control In
dorses the Editor's Candidacy
Defeated Revolutionary Gen
eral Is Planning: to Ke
tnrn to Santo Domingo
POLICE AND CORONER FIGHT FOR WITNESSES
IN THE BLAISE -SOEDER MURDER CASE
BRYAN'S CHOICE
IS W. R. HEARST
LETTER TELES
OF A TRAGEDY
SERIOUS RIOT
AT CIENFUEGOS
JIMINEZ WANTS
ANOTHER FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29. 1904.
3
DOAN'S XIDK"EY PIIXS.
yF frienivsadvice"
Vf'jc'l Oi:en Help Ton Greatly — Bead
v7hat a Saa Francisco Citizen Sayg.
xou may hesitate to listen to the ad-
•'•ice of strappers, but the testimony of
t frlyids <>r residents of San Francisco is
north your most careful atentioxi. It Is
*_•: easy matter to investigate such proof
ea this. Th<! cvider.ee must be conclu-
sive* P,-*<i the following:
Margaret Xil^r Cook of 7 Hunt street
sar^: "There Is nothing' like the truth.
n c£n '«"uly ami conscientiously say that
i>oon's Kidney Pills Ftoppod my back
Tjrhinr. and I bad attacks of it for years,
some of -them so had that I did not know
uliat to, do with myself. When a wo-
man is annoyed like I have b^en at last
. jnds a means to ond that annoyance she
:s not only thankful, but is also anxious
to do her friends and acquaintances a
Kood turn by acquainting them of the
fact mo that they may profit by her ex-
perience. I^et me emphatically advise
anyone sufferir.p from kidney complaint
«.r backache to use Doan's Kidney Pills."
For sale by all dealers. Trice SOc. Fos-
•.or-Mllburn Co.. Buffalo. N. Y-. sole
nr^nts for th«* United States.
nemember the name, Doan's, and take
no eubstltute.
The only one of Schilling's
Best six
tea baidri-fowim ifkt*
' co5e« Aaroriaf extract! »oc»
in which you have no ad-
vantage is soda; no loss in that.
| $ 12:50 the value- $ 8.65 the price
The above tells the story in a nutshell, but perhaps you would like to
know what the suits are and why the reduction was made.
Our 1903 stock sold out so evenlv that we found scarcely any
1 broken assortments for our annual January sale. •
,We reduced these new suits so as to have a special lot of values for
the month of January,- which is generally 'dull.
The goods -are fancy cheviots, in buch shades as golden brown, olive,
green, and black; also a few blue serges at the same'price— $8.65.
: Our remaining stock of Tourist Overcoats— those long 50-inch
Vcoats with belts in back— which were formerly $10, have also been reduced
Regardless of the low price,' garments purchased at this sale will
' bear our usual guarantee. Repairing, sponging and pressing will be done
•;. write to-day * _ V. '. ¦ " - dress Dept. L
' : •^vr---~ -:¦- \ 740 Market Street .With a trunk or a grip? If -so)- select
•from our carload stock at our carload
prices. All leather goods, including la
dies' pocketbooks, cameras and card
cases, lettered in ; gold free of charge
San born. Vail & Co. •
Off for a Trip?
Sugar Company Incorporates.
The Kailua Sugar Company was
incorporated yesterday with. a capital
stock of $500,000. The directors are
J. R.* Sloan. C. B. Sloan, A. J. Boyle.
W. G. Davis and J. H. Hunt. Of the
capital stock $2500 is subscribed by
the directors.
Grand President James I. Whalen
of the Young Men's Institute, accom
panied by First Grand Vice President
John P. Fitzgerald and Grand Direc
tor E. R^ Myrick, paid an official visit
a few evenings since to Golden Gate
Council of the order, and after an ex
emplification of the work arid the
business 'routine there was an early
adjournment. The members and vis
itors then had a most enjoyable time
for about two hours. The grand pres
ident, as one of -the speakers of the
evening, took occasion to congratulate
the council upon its activity for the
advancement of the order and pro
claim it the largest and strongest
council in the jurisdiction of the Pa
cific/
Official Visits.
United States District Court Notes.
Wo Yung, a witness for the Govern
ment in the case against former Rev
enue Clerk W. H. Dillard, was released
yesterday on 'furnishing bonds in* $1000
to secure his appearance if required as
a witness. Dillard was convicted, of
uttering forged Chinese certificates of
registration and his appeal is now
pending.
The trial of the case of the United
States against George S T. McDonnell
was set for February 12. .
The case of the Government against
Robert Wiidmer to recover $400 for tim
ber, cut on Government land was dis
missed, the matter having been settled
by Wiidmer paying a compromise.
The one hundred and sixty-fourth
illustrated lecture under the auspices
of the California Camera Club will be
held at the Alhamhra Theater this
evening. James W. Erwin has volun
teered his services as speaker of -.the
occasion and he will take for .his
topic "Some Picturesque Features of
California." The lecture will be il
lustrated by several hundred superb
views. Complimentary tickets can be
had of any member of the club.
Fifty new members were admitted
to the club at its' last, meeting and
now it has a greater membership than
any organization of its kind in the
world. The outing committee of the
club had arranged for a tramp to Ig
nacio next Sunday. All the members
of the club are invited to' make the
trip.
WILL ADDRESS MEMBERS OF
/ CALIFORNIA CAMERA CLUB
City Engineer Grunsky yesterday
sent a communication to the Board of
Public Works in answer to one sent to
him notifying him of the appointment
of Russell L. Dunn as special Assistant
City Engineer for the investigation for
fixing the water rates by the Board of
Supervisors. In his communication
Grunsky says:
"In order that there^ may be no
misunderstanding in the'njatter on the
part of the Board of Supervisors I re
quest that this information be trans
mitted to the Supervisors, as Mr. Dunn
is not an assistant selected by me," nor
is he acceptable to me as a repre
sentative."
• The relations between Grunsky and
Dunn have been strained ever since
the former reported adversely to the
offer of the Giant Gap Water Com
pany, of which Dunn is a leading pro
moter, to; furnish a water supply to
this city. • . >
City Engineer Grunsky Resents Ap
pointment of 'Special Assistant by
Board of Works.
Divorces were granted to Adam
Karzalainen from Margaret Karza
lainen for desertion and Anna Astredo
from Anthony Astredo for neglect.
A suit for divorce on the ground of
desertion was filed by Sarah McFar
lane against W. T. McFarlane. They
were married in 1891. The alleged
desertion occurred in June, 4 900.
v The divorce suit t*€ George von
Ofen, formerly a well known cigar
merchant, against Josephine von Ofen
was heard by Judge Hunt yesterday
and a decree was awarded Mrs. von
Ofen on her cross-complaint charging
her husband with cruelty. Not
withstanding the fact that Von Ofen
had brought the action he did not
appear to prosecute it and his wife
had little* difficulty in proving that he
had treated her with extreme cruelty.
She testified that her principal cause
of action was her husband's habit of
bringing a certain dissolute woman to
h's home and drinking "wine with her
in the parlor. Mrs. von Ofen also
said that he insisted in decorating
the walls of their home with pictures
of his lady friends and 'call ng the at
tention of his wife to the fact that she
was not near so good looking.
Her llu-buiul. Though Plaintiff, Dues
Not Appear and She Gets De
cree for Cruelty.
MRS. VON' OPEN WINNER
IX ACTION FOR DIVORCE
SAYS RUSSELL DUXX IS
XOT ACCEPTABLE TO HIM
An event about to take place in the
¦mercantile world of San Francisco and
throughout the State of California, and
which. will be very much deplored, is the
announcement that the Pattosien Co., one
of the'largest and most successful furni
ture houses of this city, is 'to retire. Mr.
Pattosien is unable to attend to buptness.
having met with a serious accident re
cently. It waa thereupon decided, at a
meeting of the board of directors, to sell
out the entire stock of furniture, car
pets, etc. The doors will be closed Fri
day and' Saturday in order to mark down
all goods in prices. It will be a good op
pprtunity for hotel and housekeepers.
Sale will begin next Monday, Feb. 1; 10
a. m. By order of trie Pattosien Co., Six
teenth and Mission streets, r" •
PATTOSIEN TO RETIRE;
A SAD BLOW TO
SAN FRANCISCO
- W. J. Reynolds, a farmer of Winters,
Yolo County, filed a petition in insol
vency yesterday in the Uuited States
District Court. He owes $10,970 and has
no assets. Of the indebtedness $8623 is
owing to the Bank of Yolo on a defic
iency judgment.
An Insolvent Farmer.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday rendered !
judgment for the plaintiff in the case ]
of Inez Sexton Hutton. by her guar- i
dian, ad litem, Eber Rice, a^atnst the j
Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company for
430,000, the money deposited in the ¦
bank by Mrs. Hutton shortly after she j
sold her Franklin-street property and i
fled from her husband. Police Com- I
irissioner H. W. Hutton. The money <
js novr, under the judgment, in the !
Viands of Hutton, as g-uardian of Mrs. \
Hutton's estate.
Mutton Recovers Money.
Emanuel Poers, a« Cuban, was
booked at the City Prison* yesterday
by Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahy on
a charge of burglary. The officers
found him with a chest of tools in his
possession, which he said • a young
man had given him at Sixteenth
street, Oakland, to bring to this city,
paying. him 10 cents for his trouble.
It was learned that the chest of tools
had been stolen from 6 40 Clay street
last Saturday.
Cuban Accused of Burglary.
BIG CONCERN PLACES
BRANCH IN THIS CITY
Auditor Baehr yesterday refused to
approve the January salary of Health
Officer Ragan on the ground that he
rents the park police station to the
city, which is contrary, to the provisions
of the charter, prohibiting a city oSlcial
from leasing property to the city.
Baehr also refused to audit the de
mands of the following new appointees
of the Health Board:
Deputy Health Officer — Louis Levy.
District Health Officers— Drs. Dillon,
Tlllman and Adler.
Inspecting Physicians — Drs. Glover,
Walsh, Jackson and Goodale.
Factory Inspectors — J. Reeve and H.
Miller.
Assistant Warden, City Hospital-
James P. McQuaide.
Receiving Secretary— B. P. Ehrlich.
Assistant Superintendent Almshouse
— A. M. Currie.
Baehr'a reasons for withholding pay
ment are contained in the following
letter:
"SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 28, 1904.—
Louis Levy et al., San Francisco, Cal. —
Dear Sir: Regarding- the salary of
yourself and the other members of the
Health Department, to which objec
tions to the payment has been made
from numerous sources, I have decided
to withhold' my approval of the war
rants until the questions have been
passed upon by the courts. Certainly
the spirit of the civil service provisions
of the charter has been violated if not
the letter. It is desirable for all par
ties that the. questions be settled as
soon as possible and .for me ta, refuse
my annroval of the demands offers the
speediest issue. You are, therefore, at
liberty to take such action as you deem
advisable at once. Yours truly,
"HARRY BAEHR, Auditor."
Baehr also declined to audit the Jan
uary demand of Elmore C. Leffingwell,
Election Commissioner, recently ap
pointed by Mayor Schmitz, pending the
outcome of injunction proceedings in
Superior Judge Hunt's court to deter
mine Leffingwell's political status.
Rnsso-Chinese Bank Is Granted li
cense to Transact Business by
State Commission.
A branch of the Russo-Chinese
Bank will be opened at 412 Mont
gomery street, San Francisco, next
Monday morning. The institution has
branches in almost alLof the import
ant ports of the world.- The bank will
do a purely commercial business in
this city.
The officers of the local branch are
A. Groener, manager; I. P. Allen, ac
countant, and Irving Lundborg. cash
ier. The institution has a capital of
$7,500,000, which is fully subscribed
and paid. The corporation is organ
ized under the laws of Russia.
Prince Oukhtomsky is president of
the concern. The trustees are A. Cha
brieres. P. Bark, J. Kottigner. E.
Noetzlin, A. Rothstein, D. Pokotilow,
A. Wischngradski. T. Knoop. M. Ver
straete and L. Davydoff. An appli
cation for a license to do a banking
business in this State waa granted by
the Board of. Bank Commissioners
yesterday.
Monti Accuses Dedier.
Yesterday Tripo Monti, a member
of the firm of Dedier & Co., which
conducts a restaurant at 456 Valencia
street, • filed a suit for an accounting
with George Dedier, his partner. He
alleges that on the 27th inst. Dedier
took 'possession of the books and ac
counts of the firm and refuses to ac
count for the receipts of the business.
On motion of Supervisor Braunhart,
the City Engineer was requested to re
port what portion of trie road can be
built with conduits and to make such
other recommendations as to construc
tion, equipment and route as may'be
necessary to accommodate the public
and producethe best results generally.
Regarding the complaint of excessive
blasting by the Simons-Fout Brick
Company, on Corbett road and Eight
eenth street, which wrecked the house
of John Gomersal, on the Corbett road,
E.-W. Simons, president of the com
pany, stated that 'the bjasting .com
plained of wag accidental .and could
hardly be. avoided and in * future the
company would be more careful in ex-.
ploding blasts.
Wetmore & Co. were directed to file a
map showing the property on Lombard
street upon which the firm desires to
blast.
The Board of Works was requested
to grant permission to property own
ers to lay a nine-foot sidewalk on Point
Lobos avenue- from Williamson street
to First avenue.
The Supervisors' Street Committee
referred to the City Engineer yesterday
the petition of the Presidio and Ferries
Railroad Company tor a twenty-five
year franchise for a modern street rail
way system along the existing route
on Union and other streets, together
with privileges on additional streets.
George Newhall, president of the cor
poration, appeared before the commit
tee and said the company desired to
modify its petition so as to eliminate
a portion of the route asked for on
Leavenworth street, from Vallejo to
Bush; Bush, between Leavenworth and
Stockton and on Stockton, between
Bush and Market. The committee con
sented to the modification, Newhall
explaining that transfer arrangements
would be made with", other companies
which twould obviate the necessity of
running the road to Stockton and Mar
ket streets.
Mrs. T. J. Stanton appeared before
the board and complained that Mrs.
Irene D. Reeves, a teacher who was
'consolidated out of her position in the
department and afterward ordered re
instated by -the Superior Court, owed
her S102 for board and lodging: and re
fused t</ pay it. Mrs. Stanton produced
a note signed by Mrs. Reeves, but the
board was of the opinion that the mat
ter was one for the court to decide.
The board has taken under advise
ment the petition of the Point Lobos
Improvement Club for better school ac
commodations in the Richmond dis
trict.
The position now occupied by W. H.
Hutton as superintendent of the chil
dren's playground at Seventh and Har
rison streets was declared vacant, and
Joseph Myers was appointed to the
vacancy.
The president and the secretary of
the Hoard r.-f Education were author
ized and empowered to enter into and
execute a lease with Charles F. Hor
nung for the premises adjoining the
Everett School, situated on the south
west corner of Sixteenth and Dehon
streets, for the term of twelve months
for the, sum of $100 per year.
The Board of Public Works was re
quested to prepare plan3, specifications
and estimates for raising: the Richmond
Primary School buildinjx tfnd construct
ing classrooms thereunder.
Mrs. Kennedy was elected janitress
of the Cooper Primary School, vice Mrs.
Robert Sample, transferred.
Mrs. Robert Sample was transferred
from the janitorship of the Cooper Pri
mary School to that of the Jefferson
Primary School, vice P. Power, trans
ferred.
Kmma McGowan, to Sutro School;
A. M. Loehr, to Xoe Valley; Eloise D.
Harrison, to Lincoln; Sarah Boniface,
to Everett; Mabel O. Benjamin, to
Washington, new class; Marie d'Er
lach, to Adams, new class.
Owing to the need of urgent repairs
on school buildings, the Board of Pub
lic Works was requested to assign an
inspector until further notice.
Patrick Power was transferred from
the janitorship of the Jefferson Primary
School to that of the Spring Valley
Grammar School, vice William Duffy,
resigned.
The Board of Education yesterday
adopted the new course for drawing
as prepared by Superintendent Lang
don on recommendation of principals
and teachers. One hour a week is to
be given the study in all grades, the
first three years to be devoted to spon
taneous story drawing; the ' fourth
year the drawing* of grains, flowers
and still life objects; fifth year, draw
ing of fruits and vegetables; sixth
year, cylindrical objects; seventh year,
angular objects, and eighth year, the
drawing of groups. ¦ . .
The following named persons being
tire next in order in the competitive
examination, held June 15, 1903, were
ordered placed on the substitute list
in the order of their standing, to take
effect February 1, 1904: F. K. Barthel,
Mabel G. Chandler, Margaret J2.
O'Xeil, Bertha Xeuman, Annie Silver
berg, Shirley C. Hayes, Grace Hayes
and May Wilson. i
The following assignments were
made from the substitute list, subject
to the rule requiring two years' pro
bation:
The nurses' training school of the
City and County Hospital was enlarged
to embrace sixty nurses and the term
of training was made three years In
stead of two years, as at present. Until
further orders of the board the allow
ance of nurses, in training was reduced
from $10 to $9 per month.
The present visiting staff of physi
cians at the City Hospital from the
University of California was reappoint
ed at the request of Dr. A. A. d'Ancona,
dean of the medical department, Uni
versity of California.
The order of assignment of wards
for the various colleges represented at
the City and County Hospital, adopted
January 21. was rescinded and the fol
lowing arrangement, until further or
ders, was adopted: University of Cal
ifornia, (including Polyclinic), wards C.
D. O. N and half of E; Cooper Medical
College, wards L. K, half of J and half
of G: College of Physicians and Sur
geons, wards M, half of H. half of O
and half of Jh Hahnemann Medical Col
lege, wards A, half of B and half of E:
California Medical College?, wards half
of H and half of B: maternity ward,
all of F for all schools.
The rules governing the Almshouse
were abrogated and new rules were
adopted in their stead.
EXIiAKOE NURSE'S SCHOOI>"
Frank: A. , Schmitz, superintendent of
the Almshouse, filed a . report yester
day with the Health Board to the effect
that ex-Superintendent W. J. Kelly,
his predecessor, left the accounts of the
funds of the institution in a very un
satisfactory state and that' some mon
eys, aggregating 5440 80, are unaccount
ed for. . --r .
In support of his allegations Schmitz
submits the report of Expert T. E. At
kinson_.as follows:.
SAN FRANCISCO, January 22, 1004.
Frank- Schmitz, Superintendent Almshouse:
After inspecting the papers referring; t<r the
Hearst fuml and the- inmates of the Alms-
I house, it appears that during? the term of of-
I flee of your predecessor, William J. Kelly, that
he received . t rorn his predecessor and Mrs.
Hearst the sum of $859 50. There are vouchers
for expenditures amounting- to $240 70. leaving:
a balance of J(il8 SO, of which you stated you
recelveil an J which I saw a oheclf: for $250, be
ing the check <if Mrs. Hearst for that amount.
Tho amount remaining to be turned over to
you is, $3(iS 80.
Of the amounts belonging to the inmates the
Amounts turned over to you compare with the
list, but thc name of Mary O'Neill does not
appear thereon, notwithstanding there was
turned over to you for^her account the sum of
$252. From the documents in your possession
It appears the amount should be $324, leaving
a balance of $72 unaccounted for. No accounts
have been kept of these names and It Is im
possible to uncertain whether all sums have
been accounted for or not.
COMMITTE TO INVESTIGATE.
Drs. Poheim, Hughes and Harvey
were appointed a committee to investi
gate the alleged shortage to report at
the next meeting.
" Kelly is at present lying seriously
ill with heart disease at St. Joseph's
Hospital. '
The boafd appointed Dr. F. H. Zum
walt resident physician at the City and
; County Hospital at a salary of $125
' per month.
Dr. E. H. Diggins was appointed
superintending physician at the Small
pox HospitaJ at a salary of $150 per
month, vice Dr. W. J. Williams, re
moved. '
The following appointments were
made:
C. J. - Peterson, steward Emergency
Hospital, $70 per month: B: E. Van
Straetten, steward. Twenty-sixth street
Hospital, $75; A. Kiddock, day orderly,"
Twenty-sixth street Hospital: J. J. Mc-
Granaghan, teamster, Almshouse, vice
F. Kelly, removed; J. Cuddy, attendant,
AJmshouse, $60 per month; May Helan
der, nurse, Almshouse, $80 per month,
vice Miss D. Clark, removed: J. Onti
veros, porter. City and County Hoj-
Pital.
SEATTLE. Jan. 2S.— Some of the sur
viving passengers gave their version
of the Clallam disaster during the
course of the investigation which was
resumed to-day before United States
Marine Inspectors Whitney and Turner
after an intermission vt c~ week. Their
stories, though given more In detail,
did not differ materially from the ac
counts given the press immediately suc
ceeding the disaster. • ¦
In addition to passengers examined
several witnesses were recalled, notably
Harry Jensen, who answered affirma
tively Chief Engineer Je L.aunay'9
question. "Was it not a notorious fact
among the crew that the Clallam's rud
der was in a bad fix?"
Just prior to this, under the question
ing of Inspector Whitney. Jensen had
testified that with the relieving chains
the Clallam could be controlled even
in the event of the loss of the rudder
altogether. He was closely questioned
relative to these chains, which it was
shown from his own testimony had not
been put cm to hold the rudder in place,
as has been reported since thc loss of
the Clallam. but merely as a precau
tion.
The passengers testifying to-day
were Charles CJ. Bennett of San Fran
cisco, H. D. Baney of Fremont. "Wil
liam King of Orcaa Island and J. H.
Sweeney. Only these four answered
the summons, though responses were
received from others.
Commissioner Leffiugwell's
. Warrant Not Approved Pend
ing Injunction Proceedings
Health Board Appoints Dr.Zum
walt Resident Physician of
City and. County Hospital
Assigns Six Teachers to Regu
lar Classes, Two of Which
Have Been Newly Established
DISCREPANCY OF $410 80
President Xcwhall of Company
Says He Will Establish Trans
fer System With Other Lines
ROUTE IS CHAXGED SOME
XA3IES MORE SUBSTITUTES
DIRECTORS ARE IX FAVOR
Passengers Give Description
of Scenes at Time Luck
less Steamer Was Sinking
ALLEGED
REFERS THEM TO COURTS
Auditor Gives Ground on Which
Health OtficerRagan andOther
Schmitz Appointees May Sue
Street Committee Refers to
Jlim Petition of Presidio
Railroad for New Franchise
XEGLIGEXCK IS
Superintendent Schmitz of the
Almghouse Says His Predeces
sor's Accounts Are Irregular
Board of Education .Simplifies
the Study for All Pupils
in the Various Grades
MOST BATTLE
FOR SALARIES
CITY ENGINEER
TO INVESTIGATE
EXPERT FINDS
FUNDS SHORT
Witness Declares at the (lal
lam Disaster Investigation
That Crew Knew of Peril
ADOPTS COURSE
FOR DRAWING
Mystery .Shrouds Robbery of
a Sail Jo.sc Resident oil a
Street Corner at Night
WILL PRESERVE
PUPILS' HEALTH
•
IM'ZZLE FOB DETECTIVES
» i. -
? . i
Neighbors Declare That Two
Shots Wore Fired, but Xoth
1 in«r Can Be Found of Bandits
«
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 28.— The police have
been unable to find any trace of the
two highwaymen who held up, robbed
a.itl shot E. A. Bohlmann at the corner
<'f Willow and Locust streets last r.lght.
"i he wound received by Bohlmann in
the hip is only a flesh one, although
painful. Dr. Gates removed the bullet
early this morning. It is a SS-caliber,
" r.nd i? the name caliber as the gun
« vi tried by Bohlmann.
JTho nolice have located a number of
persocs who besrd two shots fired.
T.-jhhnann claims that after he was
t=noi he managed to raise himself on
.bis elbow *nd take a shot at the re
ti-pating robbcis. In proof of this state
•ment one chamber of Bohlmann'p re
volver is empty. The man had $235 on
h's person belonging to the Federated
• Trades-;, of which he was the treasurer.
Xeig.hbcrs rushed out when the shots
I v.ere fired and found the injured man
lytSS on the sidewalk, but did not see
the robbers running from the place.
Kohlrr.ann ran rnve no description of
e the men who held him up.
HEBREW INSTITUTIONS
RECEIVE SMALL BEQUESTS
Wills of Isaac Freidman, Auguste
Kullmnn »nd Willinm Puttick Are
riled With County Clerk.
The wills of Isaac Freidman, Au
gust? Kullman and William Puttick
were filed, for probate yesterday.
F.'eidman leaves half of his estate to
his widow, Mary Friedman, and half
to hi* four children, the latter half to
be divided in equal shares. Kull
rnans will leaves $100 to the Pacific
Hebrew Orphan Asylum and $100 to
, the Emanu-El Sisterhood, and the
; residue of his estate, which is worth
more than $10,000, to' his three
trothers, his sister-in-law, Emma
,'Kullman, and the children of Sarah
Bloch, a deceased sister. Put-
Jick's will devises his entire estate to
his former wife. Louisa Puttick. and
provides that in the event of her
death it shall gr> to his grandchildren,
W. R. and George A. Pitt.
An authenticated copy of the will
of W. O. H. Martin, a wealthy mer
chant of Reno, was also filed. .It
disposes of an estate worth more than
J^OO.000. The deviseees are Ix»uisa
Martin, his widow, who is to receive
half of the estate and the family resi
dence in Reno; Harry M. Martin, a
son, to whom is devised $ 10,000, to be
jiven him when he reaches the aee of
3T> years, and the other six children
Of the deceased. The latter are to re
t-eive the residue, dividing- it equallv.
Two Municipal Boards Agree
to Co-operate in Plan of Med
it'al Inspection of Schools
DI HECTORS ARK IX FAVOR
«
Dr. James W. Ward Outlines
Success in Eastern Cities of
System to l)c Introduced Here
»
The Board of Education and the
j Board of Health held a conference yes
1 terday to discuss the best methods of
insuring the sanitary condition of tlie
public schools. Dr. James TV. Ward,
president of the Health Board, read a
carefully prepared paper, in which he
advocated a systematic medical exam
• iration of pupils in order that their
| health might be preserved. Ward held
j that attention to the physical condition
i of children was quite as important as
i their mental education. He said that
! medical inspection in the Chicago
] schools had very sensibly reduced the
I mortality from diphtheria and other
diseases.
"Nervous diseases afe especially com
! mon among school children." said Dr.
j Ward, "and impair their capacity for
I acquiring knowledge. This condition
I could be improved by daily or periodi
i cal medical inspection, such as prevails
; in. Boston and New York, Philadelphia
and other cities. The objects to be
attained include not only the general
I improvement of the sanitary condition
of schools, but the detection of diseases
among the pupils. These diseases may
be transmitted through the contact of
wraps or even the use of pencils.
VOLUNTEERS TO ACT.
"The dan desired to be put into ef
fect by the Health Board, with the co
operation of the Board of Education, is
to have our volunteer staff of physi
cians make daily visits to the schools
I in the morning and pass upon the con
j dition of the pupils from a medical
point of view. The inspection could be
extended so as to include examinations
ol the eves and ears of the scholar."
President Roncovieri assured the
Health Board of the hearty co-opera
tion of the School Board, which had
already pursued some investigations as
to the physical condition of the pupils,
especially with regard to the eye anil
the ear, under the supervision of Su
j perintendent of Schools Langdon.
j "As to the method to be followed,"
; said Roncovieri, "we should discuss
; that further. AVe do not desire to in
j fringe on the rights of parents, as they
' might resent it. I notie*e in Dr. Ward's
i address that the medical inspectors
j should in no way interfere with the
j family physician, which i$ a good feat
i ure of the plan."
TENDS TO PATERNALISM.
Superintendent Langdon expressed
| the fear that the proposed plan was
I lending too far toward paternalism.
I Longdyn advised that action in the
I premises be slow, so as to make the
| plan as fn>e from objection as possi-
I ble. .Teachers would object if it inter
! fered with their school work, Langdon
' said.
"I would like to see how our present
; plan of having: cards filled out by
! teachers regarding the health condi
| tion of pupils works out." said Lang
| don.
"If we know that an evil exists," said
Mayor Schmitz. who attended the con
ference, "why not. meet it boldly and
correct the evil? The plan will meet
with objections, as any plan will. The
recommendations made in Dr. Ward's
address may be looked upon as being
too radical, but it will be wise to carry
them out gradually, as Dr. % Ward has
outlined. I desire to see harmony in
all the boards, so that the best re
sults may be attained for the com
munity, whose servants we are."
Director Mark thought Dr. Ward's
recommendations did not go too far
and Dr. Poheim, member of the Health
Board, said the plan could be carried
out in a delicate way so that no ex
ception could be taken to it.
Roncovieri said there were eighty
two schools, which would require an
equal number of inspecting physicians.
The boards will hold another confer
ence to decide on ways and means to
put the plan in force.
HIGHWAY MEN
BAFFLE POLICE
SATS RUDDER
WAS DEFECTIVE
AFFAIRS OF THE MUNICIPALITY CONSIDERED BY THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO" CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20. 1001.
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. •
Thomas j Davis, the waiter indicted by
the Federal Grand Jury for a felonious
assault upon Mrs. 'A. H. Ames on the
high seas, was arraigned yesterday in
the United States Circuit Court , and
pleaded not guilty. • His trial was set
for March 3. ?
Thomas Davis Pleads.
Tomasso Morenco. who with Luigi
Scarrone and G. Barberis has been
conducting a flower store, filed a suit
for an accounting against his '¦ par t
ners yesterday.. He alleges that Scar
rone has collected $600 of the firm's
funds and converted it to his own use.
Flower Dealers at Outs.
M. Marks, who sold a horse to the
Department of Electricity for $200,
which animal was afterwardfouhd un
sound, agreed yesterday • before the
Supervisors* Electricity Committee to
take the horse if it had not been in
jured since it left his possession.
Will Take Horse Back.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'-THEY' ACTUALLY
DO THC WORK
* Tood I an n Is Worthless I'nless t)i-
gested — Some Stomachs Must
Have Help.
f Food taken into the Stomach which.
u from the nature of the rood or the con-
dition of the stomach, is not digested,
if wonse than no food at all. This is a
true statement as far as it goes and a
great many dyspeptics go only this far
with their reasoning. They argue with
'themselves that because their stomachs?
do not do the work given them, they
must be given less work: in other words
they must be starved. It would be just
as sensible for a business man who ia
ur.ab!«» to do all his own work to cut
down his business to his own rapacity
a? it is for a man to starve himse!f lo
relice his stomach. The sensible busi-
ness man employs help and goes for-
ward with his business. Likewise the
1 sensible dyspeptic will employ help for
his stomach and give his body proper
•nourishment.
Stuart's Dysp^jsia Tablets actually
do the work assigned to thorn. They re-
iieve weak and overburdened stomach.s
* of a great portion of digestive' action.
Their component parts are identical
with those of the digestive fluids and
secretions of the stomach and they sim-
oly take ud the grind and carry on
the work Just the same as a good,
strong. h»althy stomath would do it.
e On this .account Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets are perfectly natural in their
• action and effects. They do not cause !
any! unnatural or violent disturbance,
in the stomach or bowels. They them-
selves digest the food and supply the
sjstem with all the nourishment con--
m tained in what is eaten and carry out
nature's plans for the sustenance and
maintenance of the body.
How much more sensible <s this
method than that employed by many :
sufferers from weal: stomach. By this i
means the body ar.d brain get all the
good, nutritious food they need and lh<i
• man is properly nourished and equipped
to carry on his work and perform his \
duties. He could not possibly be in '
proper working condition by starving \
himself or employing some new fans" |
*od, insufficient food that does not con- i
tain enough nutriment for a year-old
baby. A. strong man doing strong work ;
must be properly fed and this applies
U> the brain as well as the body.
Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets, by "re- '
l.icving the stomach of its v/ork, enable !
it to recuperate and regain its normal ,
health and strength. Nature repairs
the worn and wasted tissues Just as she
heals and knits tho bone of a broken !
limb, which is of course not used dur- !
ing the process of renair.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for.
sale by all druggists at 50 cents a box '
and they are the one article that tha '
druggist does not try to sell something
in the place of that's "Just as good."
Their unqualified merit and success and
thf! universal demand for them has
placed tbcm within the reach of every
UDC
AJ3 7EHT ISEMEKTS.
| SIMPLEX PUNO PUYER " " *PmI5|1B-«L -ife^^^^^^/ v). "" U " En
1 ' oiympu ftiEPHOME MA:N ™j8gw5» ; rjg«j 0?^?S§^1Ofil!P^PA^ Mwfl+.'fWflfO^'wJ M'jsrc 133X3 ' t
MUSIC SOXES > • "^Sl'3^L^C«^32SS.-KS^O^^SSwi iJ '• '"• e"' \
iJ IIUSiCAl IKSTRUMENTS AKO MUSICAL /
I M£«cHi«i« San Fr . a n CigC0| Cal . Jan# 28th, 1904. \
1 TO OUR PATRONS AND FRIKKDS:- [
1 . " The Wiley E. Allen Co. has purchased our entir© J
I stock of Pianos, Simplex Piano Players, our Library of Player Music, our }
1 stools, scarfs and cabinets, for which they have paid us Cash In Hand, \
1 and- at/a time. when our warerooms were most completely filled with valua- \
I > ble instruments. This transfer also includes several car-loads of neur I
I Pianos which were ordered by us for shipment from the Eastern Factories
I before thi3 deal was made, and "before the enforcement of the new \0% \
I -j advance in Freight Rates, thus securing a corresponding reduction in the
I cost of landing these instruments for our successors.
y Added to their own immense line, the complete stock of Pianos \
I and Simplex Players which we have turned over to the Wiley B. Allen Co..; ¦ \
1 -places this enterprising and aggressive firm In possession of many l
I • valuable agencies, and gives to^ them the key to the Piano trade of the \
we wish to thank the public 'for toe liberal patronage "bestowed
\ upon us during the many years we have been in business in San Francisco
and vicinity, and we ask a continuation of that same courtesy and .
| liberality for the Wiley B. Allen Co., our successors. " . I
I * Yours Most Respectfully,
I TAi^F NOT1FF Thc wile^ B - Allcn Co. win close 18
¦ i^iiL 1W11V.L. thcjr s t ore aI| day Saturday to |
I enable them to prepare for the biggest piano sale on record, |
I including a carload or two of Simplex Players' : : : : : n
j| li/^m^m WlJCyii.Uffellfe MARKET ST. J'PARIS. Jan. 28. — The Senate has
passed a bill authorizing the Com
munes to suppress employment agen
cies, the operations of which have led
to rioting on the part of the laboring
classes, but with certain modifications
which render doubtful the raitification
of i .if bill by thf: chamber.
Artistic Picture Frames.
We have the moderate priced as well
as the high grade picture frames and
moldings. Pretty goods at even mor«
reasonable prices than ever before, in all
the new shapes and pvery tint and color
of mat board and binding paper. San
born. Vail & Co. •
Selback Said To Bo Insane.
W. H. Setback, the man from Ohio
who wantonly assaulted two Sisters of
Mercy on Market street eight months
ago and for which offense he was sen
tenced to six months for each offense,
making one year in all. will be exam
ined by Dr. McGettigan this forenoon
touching his condition of mind. The
jailers at the branch County Jail sent
the man into the Detention Hospital
at the City Hall yesterday. During
the last few weeks he has shown signs
of insanity sufficient to have him un
dergo an examination.
then he shall perform the duties of the
warden in his stead.
The Custodian— The custodian shall
receive and take Charge of all moneys
and other articles of value belonging
to persons entering the hospital as pa
tients. He shall execute and deliver
to the patient, or his or her accredited
representative, a detailed receipt; he
shall cause to be kept a record of all
such property, so received by him in
a book provided for that purpose, in
which he shall make entries of the re
ceipt and description of all-such prop
erty a proper memorandum of its re
turn or disposal. It shall be the duty
of such custodian to turn over all such
property to the owner .or duly author
ized agent of such owner on Ins or her
discharge from the^ hospital, and in
cases of death of the owner he shall
turn over such property to the owner a
relative or the legal representative of
such deceased patient, or to any per
son who has been properly designated
by him for that purpose. In cases
however, where an inquest is held by
the Coroner the custodian shall turn
over to the Coroner such property be
longing to the deceased^patient as shall
be demanded by the Coroner, at the
same time taking his receipt therefor.
The custodian shall cause all the goods
and chattels received and held by him
?o be stored and kept in an order y
™d systematic manner and properly
labeled and indexed The custodian
«vini eive to the warden a good and
sufficient bond in the sum of $2500 for
the fakhffll performance of his duty.
The duties until further orders of the
Board lot Health shall be performed by
the assistant warden.
There is nothing in the particular
duties outlined under the heading
-Custodian," which is not clerical in
its nature and which cannot be per
formed by an experienced clerk for
the Department of Health. Nor ta
tw'p anything in the statement that
Se assistant warden shall assist the
warden in the performance °* his ex
ecutive duties and in the manage
ment of the hospital, which precludes
the appointment of an experienced
clerk to the position. As a matter of
fact, the testimony in this case shows
that one of the protestants herein .did
assist in the management of the hos
nital bv exercising supervision over
the food .department and by inspect-
Ine the various wards of the institu
tion This same protestant also acted
fi~ custodian nnd received and receipt
ed for valuables in much the same
manner as Is now prescribed by the
Board of Health. The rules provide
that "in case of the absence or inabil
itv of the warden to act, then he (the
assistant warden) shall perform the
duties of thc warden in his stead."
That is to say, that if the warden Is
not able to attend, to his. duties,
through sickness or absence, his as
sistant shall continue to perform
what ¦ he' may have done theretofore
and also assume some larger degree of
responsibility temporarily. The tes
timony shows thnt in the same degree
larger responsibilities were heretofore
imposed upon the experienced clerk
at the hospital, during the absence of
the head of the institution.
1 David Wolfe testified that 1n 1902.
when he was a- civil service clerk at
the hospital, executive duties were as
signed to him. He was then called
the secretary of the hospital (a mere
courtesy title) and he acted as the
assistant to the resident physician,
then the head of the institution. Dur
ing the absence of the resident phy
sician it was this clerk's dutj' to see
that the rules of the hospital were ob-
served and he performed executive
duties in that respect. It appears,
therefore, that, as a matter of fact,
the very same duties now imposed
upon the asistant warden were exer
cised In the same institution by an
experienced clerk who has been dis
missed.
The very title of the new position
shows that the appointee was to hi
considered merely, as an w assistant to
the warden. He is not termed a deputy
warden, but assistant warden. He is
simply an assistant to the warden. Ad
mitting, for' the sake of argument, that
he is a 'deputy, it is not required that
he shall possess the same qualifications
as the warden. The charter requires,
for instance, that the City Attorney
must have been qualified to practice
law for at least ten years; but his as
sistants, who are as much his deputies
as the assistant warden is the warden's
deputy, are not required to possess the
same qualification: An experienced
clerk, therefore, could properly fill the
position, even if it were a deputy's
position.
It is the opinion of this commission
that rule 20 should be applied In fillin.ic
the position of assistant warden. It
further appears that this position
should be filled by certification from
the list of experienced clerks, Depart
ment of Health, and it is the judgment
of this commission that the Board of
Health shall forthwith make requisition
for such', certification, as required by
section 9, Article XIII, of the charter.'
It being determined, therefore, that a
regular appointment to this position
can be made from an eligible list, the
temporary appointment of James P.
McQuaide as assistant warden and cus
todian is hereby disapproved.
EXPERIENCED CLERKS.
Edward MY Coffey, David Wolfe, J.
W. Cameron and Frank J. Stanton, the
protestants herein, and Mrs. Mary Tur
ner, . Mrs. R. E. Shelton and Percy R.
Hennessy, the clerks retained by the;
Board of Health, were all appointed
from, the eligible list of experienced
clerks, Department of Health, at the
meeting of the Board of Health held
October 1, 1900. By its resolution of
January 9 the. Board of Health vacated
the positions of assistant secretary,
held by Cameron; statistician, filled by
Coffey: a clerkship in the main office,
filled by Stanton, and' a clerkship in
the County Hospital, filled by Wolfe.
The four, clerks dismissed under this
resolution 'were the protestants herein.
The clerks retained were Mrs. Turner,
Mrs. Shelton and Percy R. Hennessy.
Section " of rule 24 of this commission
provides as follows:
"Whenever, for lack of work or lack
of funds, or for purposes of retrench
ment, it becomes necessary to reduce
the number of permanent employes in
a' certain class, the employe last ap
pointed in that cjass shall be laid off
first. - He shall be reinstated upon the
eligible list in his original position and
shall be preferred for certification In
response to the next requisition for ap
plicants from that list."-
The purpose of this rule was to give
preference for retention in office to the
employe senior in service. It is ap
parent from the argument made by the
attorney for the Board of Health that
in reducing its staff of experienced
clerks and in selecting for retention the
three clerks who were retained ' the
Board of Health believed it was acting
in accordance both with the spirit and
thc letter of the, section .of the rule
quoted. As a matter of fact, all the
clerks, were appointed upon the same
day and at thc same meeting
of the Board of Health. In. dis-
criminating among clerks and In se
lecting for dismissal those whom it
thought were least efficient, compara
tively, the Board of Health acted upon
the common law rule that there are no
fractions of a day. Ordinarily this rule
would apply, but in this particular in
stance its application is prevented by
the charter limitation, which provides
that in making appointments each place
of employment shall be filled separate
ly. (Section 10, article XIII, Charter.)
The determination of the seniority of
officers appointed upon the same day
is fixed by the actual time of their ap
pointment. Although clerks are • not
officers, the same rule will apply in
their cases. Coffey was appointed from
the first certification made. As his ap
pointment must have been complete
before any appointment could have
been made from the next certification,
it logically follows that the clerk ap
pointed from the last certification must
have been the last man appointed.
In applying the rule to the dismissals
effected by the Board of Health in the
Instances of the experienced clerks it
will be necessary therefore to lay off
the clerks in the inverse order of their
appointment. Hennessy's appointment
being subsequent to Coffey's the former
should havff been laid off and the lat
ter retained. It is,- therefore, the de
cision of this commission that Hen
nessy be dismissed and Coffey rein
stated.
DAIRY IXSPECTOR.
Subsequent to the filing of the pro
tests made by the protestants men
tioned in the title of this proceeding
an additional protest was filed by E.
C. Smith, Dairy Inspector, against his
removal by the Board of Health and
the appointment in his place of E. B.
O'Connor, another Dairy Inspector.
This cause of protest having arisen
about the same time as the others, it
will be considered herein.
Reference to the records of this of
fice in connection with the appoint
ment of Dairy Inspectors Smith and
O'Connor, and the subsequent dis
missal of O'Connor, followed by his re
instatement, and the dismissal of
Smith, shows clearly that in this mat
ter the Board of Health acted in viola
tion of Article XIII of the charter. This
fact being called to its attention in a
letter from this commission under date
of January, 19, 1904, | the Board of
Health, at a special meeting held on
January 21. 1904. reinstated Smith and
dismissed O'Conrlor.
The protests of O. S. Mish. D. Rear
don v and J. F. Derham, Food Inspect
ors, are sustained. These men have
been returned to duty by the Board of
Health, in compliance with the direc
tions of this commission, as set forth
in a letter under date of January 14
1904.
.W. J. B. Mackay has filed with this
commission a communication under
date of January 21. 1904, in which he
states that he has no protest to make
against the action of. the Board of
Health in laying him off. because, in
his opinion, it had the right to reduce
its staff of food inspectors if it so de
sired, and because, further, as he was
one of the last two men appointed,
and as the last two men were laid off,
in his opinion this action was In com
pliance with the rules of the Civil Ser
vice Commission. Mr. Mackay there
fore withdrew his protest.
Samuel J. Campbell was appointed
Market Inspector October 9, 1902. On
December 31. 1903, W. H. Lamb was ap
pointed Market Inspector. At its meet
ing on January 9. 1904, the Board of
Health, by resolution, vacated the po-
sitlons of two market Inspectors in the
interests of economy. In accord
ance with this resolution Campbell and
Lamb were dismissed, and their names
have been returned to the eligible list.
as required by rule 24 of this commis
sion.
The right of the Board of Health to
reduce its staff of employes is express
ly recognized by section -' of rule 24. It
is therefore held that in vacating the
positions of the two market inspectors
the Board of Health acted within its
rights. As Campbell and Lamb were
the last two appointees and as they
were the men laid off. this action Is in
accordance with the spirit and the let
ter of section 2 of rule 2t. It does not
appear that Mr. Campbell has good
grounds for ccmplalnt. His protest
therefore is dismissed. Mr. Lamb Tiled
no protest.
FIXAfi FIXDIXGS.
The findings of the commission in this
investigation show that the protested
action of the Board of Health lg sus
tained in the following instances:
Abolition of the places of secretary
and six sanitary Inspectors and the dis
missal of two market inspectors and
two clerks: creation of the place of dep
uty health officer and four inspecting
physicians.
. In the following instances the action
of the Board of Health is overrruled
and disapproved:
Temporary non-civil service appoint
ment to the position of assistant
warden and custodian. City and County
Hospital; dismissal of two clerks, one
dairy inspector and three food inspect,
ors contrary to the rules; creation of
two new positions as milk inspectors.
These conclusions have been reached
after mature deliberation, following a
most thorough review of the testimony
and all of the surrounding circum
stances and a close study of the law
applying to the case.
CIVIL. SERVICE COMMISSIONERS:
GEORGE H. BAHRS.
CHARLES J. WILLIAMS,
JOHN W. ROGERS.
President.
Board of Public Works. Thereupon the
commission, believing that It had not
only the right and the power, but also
that it was Its duty to inquire into the
necessity of any appointment in the
classified civil service of the city before
granting its approval thereto, disap
proved the temporary appointment of
the newly created male stenographer.
The City Attorney overruled the com
mission and held that the Board of
Public Works had an absolute right to
create the position. The commission
also referred the question to Mayor
Phelan. In a letter to President Freud,
under date of February 13, 1901, Mayor
Thelan said: "I doubt very seriously If
you can, in advance, inquire into or
pass upon the necessity of employ
ment."
The opinion rendered by this com
mission on January IS, 1904, upon the
right of the Board of Health to create
a new position has called forth adverse
criticism, but, as has been shown, it
has the Eupport of high authority.
After most mature consideration this
commission is convinced that the po
sition it has taken on this question is
legally sound. It follows, therefore,
that the positions of secretary, chief
plumbing inspector, chief sanitary in
spector and sanitary inspectors, having
been abolished by the Board of Health,
no longer exist; provided that it does
not appear that these same positions
have been continued under different
names, titles or designations, as con
tended by contestants herein, for the
purpose of evading the retention in of
fice of civil service appointees. That
is a question of fact and will be con
sidered in its proper order.
PLACES CREATED.
Under this heading the places created
are the following: One deputy health
officer, four inspecting physicians, one
assistant warden and custodian (City
and County Hospital), two milk in-
SDectors. The milk inspectors will be
referred to subsequently, under the
heading "Food Inspectors." With ref
erence to the other positions it is neces
sary to consider the point made by pr.i
testants through their attorney. Frank
lin K. Lane, to the following effect:
Accepting the view of the Civil Ser
vice Commission that when offices in
a department have once been classified
the head of such department still re
tains the power to abolish such offices
and create new ones without the con
sent of the Civil Service Commission,
the first point I would make is that the
Beard of Health did not create any ne\V
offices upon January 9, because It did
not fix and establish the duties of such
new offices either prior to or at the
time of creating the same.
Aside from the fact that Mr. Lane
has somewhat misconstrued our opin
ion, which held only that the Board
of Health has the power to create
"places of employment" (not offices),
we consider that the point he raises has
no application to the positions Involved,
inasmuch as they have not been created
by legislative enactment. We under
stand the law to be that no office can
be created by legislative act unless the
creating statute or ordinance defines
its duties. In creating places of em
ployment the Board of Health does not
exercise a legislative function. Its act
Is merely an administrative or an ex
ecutive act. It has no power of legis
lation. It may increase, or in any other
way alter, the duties of its employes at
any time. The point of protest pre
sented by Mr. Lane is, therefore, over
ruled.
As no examinations for the newly
created places have been held it is
necessary for the commission to con
sider whether. In filling these places,
rule 20 should apply. That rule is
as follows:
Rule 20. Duties Rather Than Vame
to Be Considered — In certifying: to
requisitions the duties of the position
to be filled, rather than the name by
which it is called, shall be considered,
and it shall be the duty of the com
mission to inquire into the require
ments of the position for which a
requisition has been made and to cer
tify from that list of eligibles which
shall, in its Judgment, nearest con
form to the requirements of the posi
tion to be filled.
Eligible lists are created from ex
aminations held as the charter re
quires (section 4, article XIII), "to
fairly test the relative capacity of the
persons examined to discharge the du
ties of the positions to which they seek
to be appointed." In applying rule 20
it Is the duty of the commission to cer
tify from the list of eligibles which
shall. In its Judgment, nearest con
form to the requirements of the posi
tion to be filled. It is apparent that
In seeking such an eligible list the
commission must bear in mind the
provisions of section 4 of article XIII
of the charter, which, requires that the
examinations shall be practical in
their character, and restricts their
scope to the duties of the position to
be filled. Inquiry now naturally fol
lows: "Has the commission eligible
lists from which any or all of these
positions may be filled, or which con
form so nearly to the requirements of
the new positions that the commission
would be justified In making certifica
tions from them to the new places?"
To answer this question it will be nec
essary to consider the new places. The
first to be considered will be ..
DEPUTY HEALTH OFFICER.
The duties of deputy health offi
cer are set forth as follows, on pages
402, Volume 11, "Minutes of the De
partment of Health," dated January
21, 1K04, which record was Introduced
in evidence:
'"The deputy health officer shall
sign all demands and certificates as
per general orders, Board of Super
visors, and requirements of the Penal
Code. He shall fulfill the duties of
the Health- Officer in the absence of
his chief and shall perform all duties
hereinbefore required of the Health
Officer, except those duties which are
purely medical in their nature. Such
purely medical matters he shall refer
to a District Health Officer. He shall
be the executive agent of the central
office of the Health Department in all
save medical matters and shall execute
all directions of the Board of Health
and of the Health Officer. He shall
keep the records and statistics of the
central office of the Health Depart
ment, including the mortuary and
birth records of the city and the min
utes of the meetings of the Board of
Health. He shall issue all certifi
cates, bulletins and historical records.
He shall keep the books and financial
accounts of the central office. He
shall take down stenographically ali
oral complaints. He shall enter all
complaints and shall personally inves
tigate the same when thereunto re
quired by the Board of Health or
Health Officer. He shall pass upon all
Some Employes Ille
gally Removed
From Office.
Decide Health Board
May Create New
Positions.
The Civil Service Commisrioners last
"¦~ht sustained the action of the
Petard of Health in abolishing the
places of secretary, th" dismissal of two
rrarket inspectors and two clerks,
fmd the creation of the places of
deputy health officer and four inspect
i"S physicians. The sustaining vote
•>vas unanimous. It disapproved of the
abolition of the temporary appointment
<-f non-civil service men to the posi
tions of assistant warden and custo
dian at' the City and County Hospital
arid the dismissal of two clerks, one
dairy inspector and three food inspec-
J-crs.
The hearing of the cases of the men
who claimed to be illegally deprived of
ih^'.r positions has occupied the atten
tion of the board for several days and
a, mass of evidence was taken. The
.Mndings in full are as follows:
This commission received from the
Board of Health, under date of Jan
uary 11, -1304, a communication trans
mitting copies of resolutions adopted
by the Board of Health at a special
meetltig held January 9. 1904. in the
matter cf changes in the Health De
partment, covering Emergency hos
pitals, the City and County Hospital,
the City and County Almshouse and
tne mafn office of the Board of Health.
The resolutions transmitted in this
communication show that, among oth
ers the following positions were abol
• ished at the meeting of the Board of
' Hea l th on January 9, 190«: Secretary.
assistant secretary (filled by an expe
rienced clerk), statistician (filled by an
?Vxjxirienred clerk), one clerk in the
V.ain office, one clerk at the City and
<".iuuty Hospital, chief plumbing in
spector, chief sanitary inspector, six
' sanitary Inspectors, two market inspec
tors and four food Inspectors.
The same communication stated that
r among other new positions the follow
lvs weif created: One deputy health
i officer, four inspecting physicians, two
«r.ilk inspectors and assistant warden
and custodian City and County Hos
pital.
This communication was considered
et the general meeting of the Civil
Service Commission held on the even-
Ing of January 11. 1904. At that time
Fevoral protests were received from
various civil service appointees, whose
places had been abolished or wher had
been dismissed by the action of the
Beard of Heaith In adopting resolutions
on January ?, 1904.
public investigation.
At the meeting of the Civil Service
Commission on the evening of January
II, .1&04, it was decided to hold a public
. Investigation Jnto the actions of th.e
Board of Health In the matters herein
jtjst forth and to give consideration at
that time to the protests tiled, or which
?. icht thereafter be filed, and to in
q-jiire fully into the allegations that
the Board* of Health had violated the
rjiarjer provisions covering civil ser
"v<ce or the rules of the Civil Service
Commission.
Subsequent to the meeting of the
r""Tr.rnission °n the 11th inst., additional
• <*>mmunicatinns were received from the
P-iarf ¦ of Health, setting forth the
• i«.ines of the men affected by the reso
lutions adopted by that board on Jan
'iiry 9. 1904. and assigning as the cause
• for tbj* abolitions and dismissals "re-
I nejjchment. economy and general bet
tetraept of the public health service."
Th<» protests in this case were duly
T;i-'d before the Civil Service Oominis
s,iners at sessions held by them, at
pact) of which ail the Commissioners
u-CrvTJrefcent; on January 3.". IS, 20 and
t?.. 1S04. The protestants end the Board
"..<" Health were represented by counsel.
'Testimony was taken and evidence sub
mit te«i.
.The resolutions of the Board of
•Health and the protests filed present
• many questions callinpr for the decision.
¦ . this c< .nmission. These questions
admit of classification, and we will un
dertake to dispose of th^m in the fol
lovrtng order:
>_ V Places abolished.
b 5 Places created.
! 1 The method of filling the places
cj ?ate<3.
4. Reductions made in th* number of
employes.
PLACES ABOLISHED.
i Investigation into the actions of the
Board of Health shows that the fol
jowing places of employment were abol
ished OH January 9, 1904: Secretary,
chief plumbing inspector, chief, sani
,iary Inspector and six sanitary inspec
• i/>rs. The other positions mentioned in
ihe resolution, in which the protestants
' herein are concerned, were declared to
b~ abolished by the resolution, but as
¦ a matter of fact they were merely va
cated, and the incumbents were re
• li«ved from duty, so that the number
' , r 'f employs could be reduced in the
• interests of economy. The right of the
¦ ".Hoard of Health to create and to abol
}<V\ positions has been defined by this
1 commission in an opinion rendered Jan
uary 13. 1904, part of which opinion is
h're quoted:
With respect to th» Department of
"Public Health, however, no places of
"employment are created by the charter.
*Tlte pwrer to create places of employ
tfitet for this department is specifically
conferred upon the Board of Health by
h^ charter, perticn 5 of article X. That
ffriion is as folio wb:
*'T.he ; board may appo'.nt *uch offi
«-*>rs, atrents and employes as may h<* .
nff^ssan- for the proper and efficient
carrying out nnd enforcement of the
. p"rpo9cs and duties of the board, and
may fix their salaries and prescribe
tr.-ir duties."
There can be no question that the
sole and exclusive power and jurisdic
tion to create places of emnloyrnent In
the Department of Public Health is by
this provision of the charter conferred
lipon the Board of Health. That the
'udgment of the Board of Health is the
so]r> criterion for determining the kind
ar,1 number of places of employment
that Khali exist in the Department of
Public Health. There can also be no
doubt that the power conferred in
,- iU^os the right to abolish places once
rrpa'red and the right to create new
Tdaz-es net previously existing:, and that
• Uxtae rights may be exercised freely ana
ur.-cstrainMly without consultation
\.ith any of the departments of the
< ;! v government.
The right to abolish old places and
',i>'rr^ato n*»w ones is specifically rec
'•esized by section 13 of article XIII of
. 'h« charter in these words:
'When any place of employment Is
r^ated or abolished or the compensa
tor; 'attached thereto altered, the offi
i :t or board making such change shall
Immediately report in writing to the
• ivil Service Commissioner*."
LANE IS QUOTED;
Ei this connection reference may be
made, also to th? supporting opinion of
<jity Attorney .Lane, on the same sub
ject, rendered April 13. isoi. found in
the Opinions of the City At
i <>i hey of San Francisco, JS99 to 1902."
page 481. The facts upon which Mr.
June's opinion at that time was predi
cated were as follows: The Board of
Public Works created an additional
position as male stenographer. The
< ivil Service Commission demanded an
«>flltfal record of the duties to be per
formed by this man. so that the com
mission might consider the advisability
*>f approving his temporary appolnt
; nVnt. Thf» Board of Public Works rc
fured to give the Information demand
ed, .upon the pround that the commis
sion had no right to inquire Into the
necessity for any appointment in the,
applications for admission to any of
the Institutions under the jurisdiction
of the board in the absence of his
chief and shall issue certificates of ad
mission thereto respectively. He shall
keep the records of all food, milk,
market and factory inspectors. The
deputy health officer shall do and
perform in addition to the duties here
inbefore set forth all and any duties
heretofoi-e assigned to or performed
by the former secretary, assistant sec
retary, statistician and clerk of the
board, as well as the clerical duties
heretofore assigned to the food In
spector assigned to the central office,
and such other duties as from time to
time may be assigned him by the
Board of Health or the Health Officer.
The deputy health officer must be an
efficient stenographer and no person
shall be appointed to this office who is
not a competent stenographic repor
ter."
An examination of the duties- thus
defined shows that, to a great extent,
they are clerical. It is stated, however,
that it is essential that- the appointee
to this place shall be a competent
stenographer. The justification for re
quiring stenographic qualifications in
the deputy health officer is the desire,
as stated by the Board of Health, to
reduce expenses. Instead of a secre
tary and three clerks, -whose combined
salaries amount to 5550, the Board of
Health appoints a deputy health officer
with a monthly salary of $150. The
argument of the Board of Health that
this emplbye should possess steno
graphic qualifications in order that he
may readily perform the additional
duties imposed upon him is well taken.
The Board of Health says: "The dep
uty health officer must be an efficient
stenographer, and no person shall be
appointed to this office who is not a
competent stenographic reporter."
This statement is conclusive" as to the
qualifications for this position. This
commission has no power to fix the
duties, the qualifications or the com
pensation of appointees in the Board
of Health, nor to alter such duties,
qualifications or compensation when
once legally determined.
To such board has been given full
power to determine what clerks and
employes are necessary for the con
duct of the business of that depart
ment. They are responsible for the
conduct of this branch of the municipal
government. Within the limitations of
the charter as to the disposition of
their appropriation, they are absolute.
The Board,, of Public
Works has power to determine wheth
er a stenographer is necessary in the
office of the superintendent of build
ings. (The quotation is from the opin
ion of City Attorney Lane of April 19,
1901.)
• We have an eligible list of applicants
for the position of secretary of the
Board of Health, .but the examination
for secretary did not inquire into the
relative capacity of the applicants to
perform stenographic work. In fact, as
stenographic work was not required of
the secretary, no part of the examina
tion for that position covered stenog
raphy. The same statement may be
made regarding the eligible list for ex
perienced clerk" for the Board of
Health. We have also lists of stenog
raphers, but these eligible applicants
were not examined upon clerical duties
of such a nature as is required in the
position of deputy health officer. There
is, therefore, no eligible list of appli
cants which so nearly conforms to the
duties of deputy health officer as to
justify this commission in applying
rule 20 to* the position under considera
tion.
This commission concludes, therefore,
that the position of deputy health offi
cer is a new place of employment, and
that it must be classified as such for
purposes of examination. Meanwhile
with the approval of this commission,
the position may be filled by a tempo
rary appointee. The temporary ap
pointment of Ix)uis Levy as deputy
health officer from January 9, 1904. to
and including January 31, 1904, is here
by approved.
INSPECTING PHYSICIANS.
The resolutions adopted by the Board
of Health on January 21, 1904, fixing: the
duties and qualifications of' various em
ployes, provide that the inspecting phy
cians must be physicians who have had
at least one year's medical practice in
San Francisco. Among the duties as
signed to the In-pecting physicians are
those formerly assigned to the sanitary
Inspectors, the protestants. The argu
ment is made that as the protestants
are physicians they are capable of per
forming: any work now given over to
the inspecting physicians. While that
may be true, it ' not clear that it has
any bearing at all upon the right of the
Board of Health to create the new posi
tions. Although credit was awarded
for "experience in medicine" In the ex
amination for sanitary inspector" the
examination was not restricted to phy
sicians. It was to the advantage of the
applicants who passed the examina
tions, and who were appointed from the
eligible lists, that they were physicians;
but it should be borne in mind that a
layman, without any knowledge of
medicine, could easily have passed the
first examination, and in the opinion of
Judge Slack he could also have passed
the second. Deducting the 20 per cent
allowed for medical experience the lay
man coulu have obtained 180 per cent
which would have been 5 per cent more
than the necessary minimum for eligi
bility. The fact that the successful ap
plicants were physicians simply shows
the possession by them of qualifications
not required by the examination.
Section 3, article X, of the charter
gives to the Board of Health the man
agement and control *. • • of all
matters pertaining to the preservation
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
city and county." It must be appar
ent that the board may exercise this
plenary power in any manner that may
seem to it best for the promotion and
protection of the health and the lives
of the people. It must a'.3o be appar
ent that physicians can direct sanitary
hygienic and medical matters better
than laymen. The Board of Health ad
vised the Civil Service Commission in
October, 1900, that sanitary inspectors
should be graduates in medicine. In
February, 1903, that board advised this
commission that "the duties of sanitary
inspectors in this department make it
necessary that they should be physi
cians." The board, as now constituted
is evidently of the same opinion.
The charter (article XIII) exempts
from civil service "all physicians ap
pointed by or on the Board of Health "
We must conclude, therefore, that the
Inspecting physicians, being appointed
as physicians to do. professional work,
arc exempt from the jurisdiction of this
commission. This is undoubtedly the
law of the case. Nevertheless, it is
with regret that this conclusion is
reached, for we would have much pre
ferred-to sustain the protest of the
sanitary inspectors, rather than to
overrule it, which we are forced to do.
ASSISTANT WARDEX.
The duties, of the assistant warden,
as set forth by the Board of Health
are as follows:
Assistant Warden — The assistant
warden shall assist the warden in the
performance of the executive duties, in
the management of the City and Coun
ty' Hospital, and shall be under . the
warden's direction. In case of the ab
sence or inability of the warden to act,
CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSIONERS MAKE
PUBLIC THE RESULTS OF THEIR INQUIRY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20. 1904.
This week 25 per tent reduction on
every heater In stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street, •
To Suppress Employment Agencies.
5
THE DMPOBITTM - | THE . EMPOBIUM. - | THE EMPORIUM. - | THE EMPORTrjU.
j- *"
g To-Day and Saturday We'll Sell Our iron-clad money-back guarantee BSSFiSSiiiJS fOF* IVICTB %
I $3.5O Shoes $2.35 b€hind you make here. Jgg gjg j^ j«
| Three .pretty Mvles of Women's Shoes . vgT* if , ¦•, I
ft y _ . . , . . y^^V> V^ m m /L . jl - - *¦ --jri toes; stylish up-to-date socks— remark- 'J
*» h~^ -w» (!».**5.-Aii.* i*l J ust received from the , f m/7 0 flV/T'il/* / /^ya^ M F a Ms&sz • i_i i , r ., , -»
»° lK\n «tyi**l . »ge J3.50 vaiues-puent CALIFORNIA'S largest- / —1 —^^ Saturday special price, pair . ww j
? /^liyL* mSPslft i«ther colt «kin in Biu- gr«H3^^*^^T Boys' Nijht Gowns— Made of good flannel- Z
£ & \M ' k>\^« ch-r cut, with dull kid .ugMpiJPHW 1 -*"— America's GRANDEST STORE eite ne-it string pff>rr thp rpmihr 7Sr x
I BmI% tops and military h«is- eue, neat stripe effect, tne regular 7^ .j
£ lS^I$& ltev% anothcr F 3t:nt ' leatllcr - garments, cut full and Ions; a C2fk~ %
v 1!%K$ Mn5 *rv 8ty heeU !th .n I d i:l a S^'^G Walklitff Skirts S2.6O ¦ very s P ecial val"e« eacn- . . . «***«* *
*: *ll^v V £ s °^hiLS $S.QO Drop Skirts $4.25 Genuine Cut Glass I
$ J ! f|ej New 1904- Suits $16.50 Salts and Peppers %
-, Cuban heels; to- 7Qg% « D**Srm %
ft, day and Saturday only; all sizes . £*-*% «*£• A t ,r! -ninnir nfhsr stpiinr ntfrnrh'nn* In rlny, M *JG 0 #"<3##" jg
£ . &£im&& /ilia .Wittily Oilier Sieitar attractions tO-aay O nly a limited quantity of thcr: dainty, brilliant cut g!a», %
!«r ; _ and Saturday in our big suit department. iteriinj-tiiTer-topped pcp pcr » and salts -we h ope enough j
j * _£ m -=. jm* J . * r t° la « th: day out. Those who secure them will get a %
l J" lriQfl3$£25$B1lS§ I SSff . /j^ /^?fl Ev = nlc °g th . st y lish » ali - very i? :ch\ bargain at th: sale price, pair. . . . 7Q C S
! Jk° /ruff'- rx>'tr . /¦'"/ ' 1 /////i'liMi I wool skirts, in woolen ¦ -*
'S GtopiveS'lbs and Lk\ JmH I miterWiii oxford «»d Sale Under&kirfe :?
i Stylish Dress Goods WM lit ! I medium tan mixture, ~ ¦ u ™?™ • 5
J Hundreds of pieces remaining after the t§\ \\ ////j|M Mercerized Sateens %
j; heavy sales of dress goods and silks <Jut- WAt L ////If l| tailored, xvorth $4.00, OOm QSg* <&f 1Q *
i, 1 ing January. Among the lot are some \ fk * till Sim h°-d*y and Saturday **+***9 %*%M%*f %p M * i & \ %
i 5f very nice lengths, suitable for shirt waists, ffM % .\\\ III I 11 A $2 .6O Al 89c— There are black and white, black, blue J
2" linino-s underskirts anH Hr^ccpc !' M\ , t l I 1 1 111 \\ >nd white and black, larender and white ttriped skirtj, V
I lin s L a"r dresses - mm \\IMm Bla D c r k 0 ™^ iik i
I On special sale Friday onhj . "M § . W§\ \ IE SS°i ggg (or ™» - *«& • • ¦ • ¦ %
£ One-Third Off 4ti?^=^^Wl k)M=& good dip and hand- At 95c-Thc skirt, are of mercerized lateen, made wide and 'J
» .' lomcly fl unced. full with accordion pleated flounce; regular Q #• '*
H MaBM>'<Z Wc*5BiB*tf ' *«<»/*»¦ immediate «*• 35 value; for Friday and Satarday . . .^*JC £
j jj SvmSuS <JW or UmmMBBuGM «e£p «yv ' L "'"" — adjus'mrnt to anv At $1.19 — Th: garments are made of a hrary grade of tins '5
5 ,' Wnrfl, enr n V^t-^/\ skirt, worth J6.oo, to-day and Saturday $4*25 mercerized tateen, with flare flounce, piped in black vel- V
,k {rVOfUl 5OC a rat a). „,..., , . m'r A * rt , ™* «kk^ Kyle with accordion pleated flouncr 3f
\i 38-inch All-Wool Nun's Veiling— A very desir- Alter ahobis on above extra. €tf finishrd with fall undcrruffle, regular gf fQ *Z
;J ab.e and popular fabric for evening dresses and Stylish Black and Navy Cloth <&Z&k |i. ;o valu;» ; for Friday anj Saturday %pBm 1%J j
j % shirtwaists, in the following pretty- co'orings : Suits — As pictured; unlined "™™""^^^^ ...» _^_ „«
! % c f« m rcd tan ™vy train skirt, collarless Eton J^L Men's $1O and $12.5 Q -J
i *>' } ) ! nk green gray , roya , 1 jacket, with small shoulder /^\^(EVn **. - * .—*». - V
6 t>lu: e 6 - back J . , . , /{ , \\n\\ %± MW MWOC* Af* mSBS if^n BBf C
"{I An unusuallv good 50c qua'itv; on Oia-^ C3 P C ' en ' lre sult ncatI X tnm ™ :d &UiES 3&k/¥ $3% &S S
i special sale to-day only, yard. ..^SSSS with narrow bands of taffct ? luVrlJ] ¦ *{* B B^B\J? *
\\ ' . si.k and small buttons, a good 1\ \-\ I/A 'a i' •* j z. r ,t «
\i 1 T^T j 2 o.oo value, here at the big \ w\ A limited number of these. :|
S Lace GupSaans store for.. &-B& tsn ml $£& ¦ sizeh however * T o-Day %
] ' j: On Sale To-Day Only at '¦ ***«*•«*«* im^f^ And Saturday, if quantity lasts ;?
I* Very Liberal Reductions ' s °™e Charm ing Lawin M 4^ - If you need a s
| V Another or the big store's important curtain sales. WSilStS SMI *£' m \\ I II \\H ciltf f r\r in T-»e>f nroon "5
!»: S^eral hundred pairs of the newest designs in whre, ecru From our I 1 8 different Styles U \\\ JsZL ' SUIt tOr DetWeen X
i J' and Arabian colors, opies of Brusies, Irsb Point, Point of 1904 shirt waiits, marked / Jl I l\ /'t!^5r<\j/£^ V N S63S0riS tfl I S IS
j |f Arabe and Nove ly rial lace curtains. Until closing time f rO m 5OC to |8. 50 each, WC se- ¦ Ll H \\\ ¥ [ jT^\ i\ u' T *'
jg to-night th.se exceedingly liberal reductions from reguar lect for m . nt i O n- tO-day one ol Ajjl U P*^MyNi\ >' 0Ur ChanCe * * °" 5
\% FriC " : 50c Curtains at-. . 64o thc d u aintic " Iav J n s " im " J/f^ V\ Vj^ftV^l da y and " n tll clos- |
S $1.35 Curtains at- •• 99c aginab.c, trimmed with drawn <m Uj U \ \ X V^T *%^J ing time Saturday, if there %
S $175 Curtains at . $1.29 -work insertion, p.eatcd coUr. \}/ H ' 3 are enough in thc lot, we I
!S «7->i; r,.rtf,inc ot f ZLO French sleeves, etc. It is one : « » — M , ' il -mm • •
i MM cZTZl a t ' ' 2 12 °f W *«*»« !»««"" rf >•»» S.1 S at i price. fJ|J WB 6t ° U ."«.S 10 -? 0 %
,. $3.00 Curtams at- ¦¦ 2.12 <- miArf P ri^lH •° d S' J -S o ™«-'°" obb ) r •?
1 » . - v } *pmmzi*M , u i « / Scotch mixtures, in near °^
jg Butter, Coffee, etC. _ . -. ¦ # 71 ~T *;\m I dark patterns, suitable for X
i^ Special Prices for i Orte* nanuRerChtef \ il I I business wear, in the %
\ J Friday and Saturday Soap 12c Sale, 5c, lOo \ \ V round cut " ck "y lc . with \
* Butter— Good firkin creamery, !b. . . . 25c a .. -fl,^ k;m,1,, r j- » . , I ¦< llU broad hand-padded shoul- )t
I*! S Coffee- Our famcu, Jaw an^ I Mocha, eith.fb^n A Vei'y fine highly Ladles' ,OC and I 2 T<C \S\i dsr , and 1 £, pc _ retliBill *
\t orer.undilb 29o perfumed,' hard Handkerchiefs- -Of fine I \ VI fronts, suits made for this §
« Flavoring Ex'racts -Burnett's van II. wi bct...24o jyjjjj Joilet Soap, Ir»h lawn, with colored Will season's wear, a: the nn- %
%' Orar.gej-Btst W^hingtm nave', doz 25o C:ub odors, 3 cakes in a ]jce ins . rt ' on . t0 . dav — £/ ffjA O* *p C^iS \
' *! Imported Sherry— Uuft' Gorion, regularly J4.00 gallon, box, worth 2JC; Friday and Saturday, 'each . '. %}C W *T * **^*^ \
X tor the two days. . . $3mOO j Ca^rd-v box 113>** ' ." * M
% Above Sherry for the tzco days, bottle 75 c. and baturaay, dox f £> C Men's $3.5Oantt$4.OO TfCUS- I
V Ki'i^t?i^f'ir i! W i^i. f ?&i^ V^*%2 15c size KirlCs Violet Am- Insertion Handkerchiefs erS $2.65~ Six styles to select lrom; X
I H«Kw^wtr A^;s;£:v*n:.-.4is ?t^17;:Ts::? -^'^r #i ««^ ass* m « ¦»* s*?! s
k* Straight Bourbon— Me Braver, Keller or Silvtr Dell, gal- azui M io-u*y «uu viu> patterns, worth 20c each; to- fitting garments; Friday and {£O ££ tS $
J Ion $3.05; bottle. .' 75C da >'» bottlc • •• ' * '"O day and Saturday only. . 1Oc Saturday np£m%*%9 -J
I The New Novels, $1.08 Valentines Are Ready * See "The Blacksmith" %BERKELEY.- Jan. 28. — The vestry
of St. Mark's Episcopal Church has
called the Rev. Edward Lamb
Parsons, rector /of the Church
of St. Matthew of San Mateo,
to the pulpit made vacairt by
the recent resignation of the Rev.
George E. Swan, who has gone to take
up. missionary .work in Modoc County.
No formal action has yet been taken
in, regard, to the new rector.but it is
understood that he will be elected at
the next meeting of the vestry.
Call Him to St. Mark's.
OAKLAND, Jan. 28.— Investigation
of a story of robbery and imprison
ment in a vacant dwelling told, by
John Kerrigan of. Berkeley to the po
lice has exploded the wild tale to the
satisfaction of the detectives. They
say Kerrigan was very drunk in Em
eryville, where Town Marshal Lane
and Deputy Marshal T. Brown found
the man, and detained him at the
Town Hall until he sobered sufficiently
to resume, his homeward journey.
Lane declares that Kerrigan had nei
ther money nor gold watch on his per
son when he was picked up.
Explode Robbery Story.
OAKLAND, Jan. 28.— W. A. Mc-
Kowen, the defaulting secretary of the
Board of Regents of the State Univer
sity, will appear in court to-morrow
and plead. It was understood that his
plea , would be guilty and that sen
tence/would be pronounced at. once.
Owing to the fact that the Regents
are interested in several suits where
McKowen's testimony is ( necessary,
sentence will . not be pronounced un
til February 10.
His Testimony Is Necessary in Several
Suits in Which the University Is
Interested.
DATE OP McKOWKX'S
SENTENCE IS POSTPONED
OAKLAND, Jan. 28. — The following
marriage- licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Walter M. Pe
terson, over 21. and Prankie E. Has
kell, over 18, both of Oakland; John
J. Valentine Jr.. over 21. and Jacque
line Ann Moore, over 18, both of
Oakland; David J. Moore, 36, and
Hattie L. Moore, 28, both of Fruit
vale; Edward II. Salbach.over 21, and
M. Caver Jones, over 18, both of Oak
land; Dowie J. Benjamin, ,22, and
Leona Maurice, 23, both of San Jose;
Frederick T. Westlake. over 21, and
Mamie E. Lewis, over 18, both of Oak
land; Albert M. Hill. 21; and Maggie
Jackson, 21, both' of Berkeley.
Mnrringe Licenses.
Will of Late Emily Dean Disposes of
Property Valued at
v .'UV $100,000. .
OAKLAND, Jan. 28. — The will of
the late Emily Dean was filed to-day,
and she leaves her estate to her three
children, Charles C, James B. and
and Emily Dean Allen, share and
share alike.
In the petition for its probate, filed
by Attorney Asa V. Mendenhall, the
value of the estate is placed at
$100,000.
There is some real estate, but the
property consists more largely of
mortgages and
James B. Dean and Emily Dean
Allen are nominated as executor and
executrix of the will.
LEAVES LARGE ESTATE.
TO HER THREE CHILDREN
OAKLAND, Jan. 28. — The special
bond committee of the City Council,
which has in hand the programme for
submission of general public improve
ments, has reached a satfsfactory
settlement with the School Directors
concerning the proposed issue of
bonds for school purposes. It has
practically been determined that the
two proposals, general improvements
and schools, will be submitted to ' the
voters on the same day.
Included under the list are items for
streets, parks, boulevards, new City
Hall, Fire Department improvements
and harbor improvements. The total
is approximately close to $4,000,000.
For school purposes $1,000,000
is desired by the Board of Educa
tion. The bond report will be sub
mitted Monday night to the City
Council. Before then the school bond
committee will' arransre a definite
proposition concerning its schedule.
Committees of City Council and
School Board Practically Settle
Upon Holding Joint Election.
REACH AN AGREEMENT .
OX IiOND PROGRAMME
The meeting will be in charge of
the following committee: Mrs. C. H.
Redington (chairman). Rev. Charles
R. Brown and Charles E. Keyes.
OAKLAND, Jan. 28. — Desiring to
secure closer co-operation between the
various churches of this city and the
Associated Charities the latter organi
zation has arranged a meting to take
place to-morrow afternoon at the
chapel of the First Congregational
Church, Thirteenth and Clay streets,
and all the ministers of Oakland, re
gardless of creed, have been invited
to attend and take part in an informal
discussion of the following question:
"How can the Associated Charities
help the clergy and how can the
churches more helpfully co-operate
with the Associated Charities?"
It is likely that the subject of the
newly organized charities indorsement
committee " will also be brought up.
Every one interested in philanthropic
work is cordially invited to attend the
meeting, which will be the first of its
kind in the State.
Associated Charities Calls Meeting of
Oakland Clergy to Discuss
Important Work.
DESIRE TO SECURE
CLOSER CO-OPERATION
merit the city wa« justified In assuming a like
risk.
The committee realized that it Is not such
a plant as would now be designed and built,
that its water requires nitration, that the ele
vation of Its reservoir is low, and that ita
distributing system In parta is old and in many
places the pipe line Is too small for adequate
service.
But the purchase Is advocated on the ground
that the city should own its own water sup
ply, end the committee is forced to confess
that the Contra Costa water scheme Is the
oniy available one in existence «.nd known
to po.-bpku the supply needed for the present
«n«i in the near future.
With the willingness of the company to sell
and the dtsnositi'in of th» city to buy it is,
aft<r nil. only a disagreement as to value, and
they DropoM to settle thin by arbitration. • •
PRUDEXT BUSINESS TO BUY.
Jn the last analysis the city will be com
pelled to buy its competitor, and It will be
prudunt business to buy it at a proper value
now.
But the proposal goes still further. The city
muy lease the property for twenty years at
S oer cent on the commission's valuation, with
the right to purchase at any time. during the
lire of the leane.
The committee regarded this as a temporary
expedient; but let me point out how the free
dom of action which it gives the city dissolves
all the difficulties that are Immediately be
fore ue.
The water problem completely blocked the
satisfactory consideration of all other schemes
for public Improvement, for $7,^50,000 will j
not be sufficient to cover the cost of a water
syrtem plus that of the various other schemes
thct are pushed before the notice of the Coun
cil, aiid. in this case, which of the many could
be selected to satisfy the public and at the
same time keep within the limit?
The Council may not offer propositions that
wlU exceed the bond issue legally available ex
ceptin? at the risk of invalidating the entire
proceedings.
Public impatience began to manifest itself
at the delay In the report, and public mur
murs were heard that this water question
should not be kept in the forefront of atten
tion to the utter exclusion of every ' other
project.
The proposed lease solves «1I these diffi
culties because — <
1. The city may at once enter into posses
sion of a non-competitive water buoiness.
2. it may borrow for twenty years, if de-
Flrcd. the capital of the owners at 5 per cent
per annum net.
r.. If it wishes to incur a bonded indebted
n*s» for the purchase it may at any time do
so and retire the debt.
4. Il it wishes to keep inUet for other uses
the $7,250,000 of possible bond issue the lease
will udmlt of tnat nollry, because with the
control of the business and an economical
management It is easily possible to make the
business net a profit of 10 per cent, half of
which wold 'be nald an rental, and the bal
ance may be applied annually to the reduc
tion of ibe principal, to that within the
twenty years the property could be paid for
without King sensibly felt by the community.
ft. This elastloity will enable the city to
aiKUtnp towaad the water question and the
other projects any |K>sitIon it desires. The dif
ficulties that surround the water problem may
with -safety be put aside for a more conven
ient reason and meantime the development of
the oiher schemes may be undertaken with
vigor.
And now— "who hath believed our report?"
The committee. In the performance of a
thankless publ'c duty, has courageously stated
it* recommendations. It has not been prompt
ed by favoritism for one scheme nor by ani
mosity for another, but was guided solely by
wh«t it regarded as the clear business Interest
of Oakland. It has chowfi you not an aca
demic but a practical solution of the problem.
BERKELEY, Jan. 28.— The jury in
the case of "Sam" Fisher, charged
with disturbing the peace of E. E.
Newton, disagreed last night after be
ing out two hours. This is the second
time a jury has disagreed in this case.
It will be tried a third time.
Fisher Jury Disagrees.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 28.— Dr. W. S.
Halpruner was arrested to-day on the
complaint of J. T. Hardin, a carpenter,
and charged with disturbing the
peace. The pair engaged in a dispute
over the installation of a new sink in
the Halpruner residence. Hardin
claims that the physician attempted
to beat him and threatened to use
him for a pistol target.
Carpenter Accuses Doctor.
Mr and Mrs. John A. Gilchrist entertained
a number of friends last Tuesday evening at
their home on Oakland avenue. The guests
w<re Mr and Mrs. J. J. Warner. Mr. and
Mrs. William B. Dunning. Mr. and Mrs. Bar
tholomew Noyes. Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Noyes,
Dr and Mrs. Havward G. Thomas, Mr. and
Mrs J P. Rawlings, Mr. and Mrs. Henry A.
Butters, Mr. and Mr«. Charles D. Bates, Mr.
and Mrs. David A. Snenc^r. Mrs. David Rae,
Miss Kvelyn Craig, Mrs. G. W. Percy, Mr.
and Mrs. Harmon Bell. Mrs. C. L. Hooper.
Mrs Maud von Ehcrta, Mrs. E. E. Beck, H.
It Davis. R. S. PhelDS. Dr. William T. Por
ter. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Sutton, Mr. and
Mrs Charles H. Dunsmoore. Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Crellin, Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Coogan.
Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Hasar. Mr. and Mrs.
Reese Tbonuwon. Mr. and Mrs. John Yule,
Mr. and Mrs. John A. Britton. Mr. and Mrs.
C. J. Wetmore, Mr. and Mrs*. K. A. Heron.
Mr. a?id Mrs. A. C. Richards, Mr. and Mrs
Samuel J Taylor. Mr. and Mrs. Edward M.
Walsh. Mr. ahd Mrs. P. M. Butler. Mr. and
Mrs. Edward N. Englehardt. Mr. and Mrs.
William K. Kelly. Mr. and Mr*. Frank Paige
Cutting, Mr. and Mr?. Gilbert Belcher, Mr.
and Mrs. Edward C. Praither. Mr. and Mrs.
Earl Webb of Berkeley. Mr. and Mrs. Louis
F. Cockroft, Mr. and Mrs. John Hoyt, Dr. and
Mrs. Wallace Terry. Mr. and Mrs. Richard
Lyman. Mr. and Mrs. William T. Veitch. Mr.
8nd Mrs. Edward B. Flint. Pr. and Mrs. Ham
ilton J. Todd, Mr. and Mrs. B. T. Hubbard,
Mr. and Mm. A: K. Munson, Mr. and Mm.
Guy C. Earl, Mr. and Mrs. John D. Eby. Mr.
nnd Mrs. A. F. Coffin. Dr. and Mrs. Samuel
J. Hackett. Mr. and Mrs. Edward C. Mor
rison and Mr. and Mrs. ; Wllliam II. Morri
son.
Miss Julia Summers' home was the scene of
a merry gathering this afternoon during the
meeting hours of a tma!l five hundred club.
The prize was won by Miss Florence Taylor.
"The New Woman Reform Club" is the title
of a very amusing little play which the mem
bers of the Woman's Alliance of the Unitarian
Church will present to-morrow evening at
Wendto Hall.
Miss Lillian Moier will be the hostess at a
meeting of an afternoon five hundred club to
morrow.
Mr and Mrs. Felton Taylor will entertain
"Our Neighborp." a little five hundred club.,
to-morrow evening.
> * * »
A card party is being planned by Mrs. George
H. Tyson of Alamedd for Thursday, Febru
ary 4.
Miss Ruth Houphtcn will be hostess at the
second function, which will be a reception.
Miss Houghton will be assisted in receiving by
Miss KHie Campbell, Miss Bessie Haven. Missi
Jessie Orate, Miss Carmen Sutton. Miss Noelle
de Golia. Miss Ullian Reed, Miss Clarisse
Lohse, Miss Letitla Barry, Miss Marion Walsh,
Miss Cornelia Stratton, Miss Rachel Morrow,
Miss Marjory Cocpan, Miss Carol Moore of
San Francisco. Miss Katharine Brown, Miss
Rose Kales, Miss Ann McElrath and Miss
Louise Hall.
Mies Rosa Goddard is the motif for several
coming- events, the first beiny an Informal
luncheon at the home of Miss Rose Kales on
T..ake street, on Friday, February 5. The
guests will lncluue twelve members of the
younger set and promises to be a very pretty
affair.
Miss l^arkey will also share the honors with
three uther brides-elect — Miss Scupham, Miss
Koentg ami Miss Stevens — at the card party
which Miss Margaret Olcese is planning for
next Monday.
t • * *
OAKLAND, Jan. 2S.— Mrs. George B. M.
Gray will be hostess at a card party Satur
day afternoon, complimentary to Mlsa Edith
Larkey, whose enirafrement to Arnold Needham
was recently announced.
Mrs. Gray will be assisted in dispensing the
hospitality of her home by Miss Ida Larkey,
Mrs. F. T. Miller, Mrs. F. A. Webster and
Mis3 L. E. Johnson.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
To assist his daughter in prosecuting
her work as a missionary, James L.
Barker, a pioneer citizen and well
known business man, has arranged that
the proceeds 'of a business block that
is now being finished for him at the
corner of Adeline and Harmon streets
shall go to her. It is estimated that
the block Will bring in from rentals
at least $1800 a year, and all is to be
given to the missionary. The building
is to be christened the "India block,"
in hc/r»or of the country In which the
young woman labors.
Miss Lydia Gertrude Barker is the
name of this intrepid and lucky young
woman. She has been in India eight
years, conducting a mission at Madura,
an interior town, and only recently re
turned to her Berkeley home for a rest.
Miss Barker received her education at
the old Harmon Seminary and after
ward studied at the Dwight L. Moody
Institute in Chicago. After her grad
uation she was engaged by the Ameri
can Board of ForeiRn Missions, the
Congregational society, to take up the
work in India, in which she has been
always successful.
With the money she receives from
the rental of the India block Miss Bar
ker hones to extend the work upon
which she has been engaged. That sum
will go a great way in India and any
amount of gc-od may be done with it.
Berkeley OfTice San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Jan. 28.
OAKLAND, Jan. 28.— Pretty Norah
Jordan, 17 years old, was arrested to
day for the theft of silks, a gold pin
and $13 50 from Mrs. Mollie Edelstein,
residing at 662 Fifth street. The stolen
articles, except the money, were re
covered from the girl's home at 662
East Thirty-third street by Detective
Quigley, who was compelled to arrest
the erring young woman.
Contrite and. tearful, the youthful
prisoner confessed that she had taken
her mistress' money and property be
cause she had been sorely tempted to
dress herself as other girls of her ac
quaintance did.
Miss Jordan had been employed at
the Edelsteins only one day when the
family missed the goods and coin.
Suspicion was directed to the new
girl. Mrs. Edelstein swore out a
search warrant for the recovery of the
coin and silks. The jewelry was found
during the seaAh by the detective.
In view of the confession and the re
covery of the property the girl will
probably not be prosecuted.
James- L". Barker Arranges to
(jive the Proceeds of .Busi
ness Block to a Daughter
RENTS TO HELP
MISSION WORK
YOUNG AND PRETTY SERVANT
GIRL OF OAKLAND WHO IS
UNDER ARREST FOR THEFT.
Besides this the committee recom
mends the purchase of ten flre boxes
at $1250; 2000 feet of hose at $1600;
60ft feet small hose. $350: incidentals,
$1555, the grand total being $35,000.
Peralta Fire Company — Lot, $1000; moving
fire house $500; two horses ?400; harness,
|13S. Total. S203T>.
Beacon Fire Company — Lot $700; new house
and movinK tower. $."M>00; hope, Tvapori and
chemical engine, $2150: two horses, $U#y-, har
ness $270; hook and ladder truck. $1000. To
tal $8120.
Finds It Will Cost $35,000 to Purchase
Necessary Houses, Lots and *
Apparatus.
BERKELEY, Jan. 28. — The sub
committee on Fire Department of the
citizens* bond committee estimates
that it will take $35,000 to put the
department on a fire-fighting basis. Its
report, which will be submitted to the
larger committee Monday night, shows
that the following expenditures will
have to be made:
North Berkeley Fire Company — Ix>t on Vine
street. *MiO; house and tower, $H. r >i>u; four
herpes. $k(iO; two sets harness $210. Total,
18380.
Marston Fire Company — Brick fire house,
$»f00; hose, wagon ami «add>rs, $500; two
horse*. $4<ai: harnrss. $133. Total. SflOSTj.
Alert Fire Company — House and lot. $2500:
combined chemical and hose wagon, $2150:
two horses, $4'K»; double harness $135. Total,
$5185.
FIRE DEPARTMENT
COMMITTEE REPORTS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Jan. 28.
Councilman Howard announced to
night In council committee that Coun
cilman Pendleton and himself have de
cided to begin a systematic and com
prehensive study of the needs of their
ward, the Fifth, as to streets and side
walk improvements, that a start may
be made toward a general Investiga
tion of those conditions throughout the
city. As set forth by Mr. Howard, the
plan includes a districting of the ward
and the immediate organization of the
property owners and prominent citizens
for expression of views.
"The great obstacle in the way of
annexation of Berkeley and Alameda,"
said Councilman Howard, "is the claim
by both cities that they are better
equipped than Oakland in almost every
respect. If members of the city gov
ernment will get the house of Oakland
in order, then they may invite these
cities to unite with us."
Councilman Elliott Indorsed the plan
for the Second Ward and Councilman
Cuvellier for himself and Councilman
Fitzgerald approved the scheme for the
Third Ward.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 28.
The funeral of Mrs. Mary Canning
was held this morning at 10 o'clock in
St. Francis de Sales Church, for the
construction of which the deceased had
given $12,000. Every seat in the church
was filled by the throng of mourning
friends who had come to pay a final
tribute of respect to the memory of the
woman who had proved herself the
leading benefactress of St. Francis de
Sales Parish.
A requiem high mass was celebrated
by Coadjutor Archbishop Montgomery,
with Father Cull as deacon. Father
Cantwell as sub-deacon and Father
McSweeney as master of ceremonies.
Wilcox's.mass in D was sung by the
choir and the solo quartet, under the
direction of Miss Elizabeth McNally,
organist of the church. The members
of the quartet are Mrs. Benjamin Tar
box, soprano: Mrs. James Kelley, con
tralto; David Manlloyd, tenor, and J.
Wantrell. bass.
In compliance with- the wishes of Mrs.
Canning, there were no floral offerings
except a wreath from the parish, an
other from Mrs. Michael Davitt, neice
of the deceased, and a sheaf of wheat
from William J. Yore, Mrs. Canning's
nephew. The boys from the Brothers'
and the girls from the Sisters', schools
attended the funeral in a body.
In his address Father McSweeney
said in part:
"We are here this morning to offer
our prayers for the soul of our de
ceased friend and to pay our tribute of
respect to that good woman who has
just passed from our midst, a woman
who has fought the good fight and who
has kept the faith. She has entered in
to rest, ready for her great reward."
After the address the casket was
borne from the church by the following
,pall-bearers: Dr. J. L. Milton, Dr. J.
M. Kane, Dr. Theodore Olmstead, J. J.
McDonald, P. Flynn and M. Cleary.
The remains were interred in the
family vault in St. Mary's Cemetery.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
PUSHES TIIK WALKING
DELEGATE OFF GROUNDS
\Vi|!i;un J. Solimidt. Contractor on
California Hall. Deals Summarily
With William Giceg.
BERKELEY, Jan. 28. — William
Greeg, a walking delegate for the
Teamsters' Union, attempted to induce
the men working for the Schmidt
Brothers on the grading for the new
California Hall to join the union this
morning and was hustled off the si>te
by William J. Schmidt, one of the
brothers. Schmidt charged Greeg
with interfering with his workmen
and ordered him away. When the
walking delegate refused to go
Schmidt grabbed him by the arm and
forced him away.
The Schmidts employ union and
non-union men, who work together,
the union men apparantly regardless
of their affiliations. Several months
ago a walking delegate who attempted
to interfere with the contractors was
beaten by them, and subsequently
they were fined $100 in the Justice's
Court for battery.
Girls Act as Pallbearers.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 28. — Six girl
classmates who attended Notre Dame
Academy with the late Clare O'Connor
officiated as honorary pallbearers at
her funeral, which was held this
morning from St. Joseph's Church.
They are Janet Painter, Mildred Fos
ter, May Ross, Irene Smith, Margaret
Smith and Marguerite Durney. The
casket bearers were Harold Durney,
Alfred Durney, Gus Rosseter and E.
J. Maslin. Interment was in St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
Alameda County.
Piedmont Paving Company (a corporation) to
Wlckhant Havens, lot 25 and NW 5 feet of lot
2*. block C. map Thermal' Hill, formerly Howe
Tract. Oakland;. $10.
Peter Ward and Sarah Ahern (wife of Den
nis) to Bernard J. Ward, all interest, being an
undivided two-thirds interest in lot on S lin«
of Crawford street. NE STm) from E line of
San Tablo avenue, XE 30, SE 113."><». SW -"2:«.
yCVt lll.fttf. lot 7. block O. amended map J. \V.
Crawford Tract, Oakland; $10.
William H. and Mary E. Kerrison to Henry
S. Barnes, lot en X line of Haste street. ISO
W of Mllvla tTVeir.ont>. W 5O by N 135. lot S.
block 5. map blocks S and «. Barker Tract.
Berkeley: *1«>.
Isaac W. Wells (single) to John E. Billow
(married). lot on S line of Ward street. 1^0 V."
of Fulton, S i:U:6 by W 40. lot 4. block D,
map rcsubdlvision of- Mock D. Blake Tract,
southern portion. Berkeley: $1<X>.
Aust O. or August O. Netzel to /o«ie N'et
zel all Interest in lot on E line of "West
street. 10»; N of Thirty-eighth. N 2« by E 1l<>,
lot 5. block C, Major Given Tract. Oakland;
Gertrude K. Bayley (widow) to Henry East.
lot on NE corner of Sixteenth and Brush
streets. N 70 hy E U*>. block 27.1. Boarrfman"*
map, deed anJ agreement. Oakland; $10.
James J. Crawford (single) to Fred Hamble
ton lot on SW line of Santa Clara av»nu<>,
300 17 SE of Oakland. SE 45.9S. SW 127.4.'.
NW 45.4. etc.. NE 121. Cr>. portion lot 10, block
J Flint Tract No. 4, Oakland; *10.
Orin B. and Edith Frisbie (wife) to Fred
Ohe, lot on S line of Eighteenth street. SO E
from NW corner lot 17. E S):4.-SW 90. N 4*.
portion of lot 17. map of portion of Highland
Park. East Oakland; $10.
Stephen G. and Emma M. Nye to Edward
Fringle, lot on W corner of East Twent>
ftiurth street and Fourteenth avenue, NW
144.til. S\V 74, SE 121.38, NE 77.56. block HI.
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
James F. O'Hanlon to Mary A. Breen. • lot
3, block B. Suburban Tract. Berkeley: $10.
P. Consldine (single) to Elizabeth Gilsenan.
lot on S line of Blake street. 200 W of McGea
avenue, W 40 b> S 132:3, lot 5. block 3, Case
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Eugene W. Hilgard (widower) to Maria L.
and Alice R. Hilgard (daughters), lot 2D, block
P. map of portion of Berkeley property bv
tween University of California and State Deaf
Dumb and Blind Asylum. Berkeley: gift.
R. N. Nason fslnglc) to R. N. Nason * Co.
(corporation). lot en W line of Verdi street.
37."> S of Railroad avenue, S SO by W 150. lot
32. Encinal Fark Tract. Alameda, subject to
mortgage, alsr> subject to agreement for sale
between Richard N. Nason and Eleanor L.
Hambly, August 14. 1890; ?1O.
Same to -amp. lot on XE line* of Eag!a
avenue. 184:B SE of Chestnut, KE 30:S by
NE l.V>, portion of lot 5. Mock 2. map of r»
divlMon of blocks 1, 2 and 3, ianda adjacent
to Encinal. Alameda; 110.
Union Loan .Association tu
Florence K. Ward (wife of "William II.). lot
on S line of San Jose avenue, 15O E of Wil
low. E 100 by S 17O. lots 14. 15 and portion
of lots \ and O, In W \i t of block O, property
of Pioneer Homestead Association. Ataraeda;
f 10.
Tries to Tell X'ame.
OAKLAND, Jan. 28. — After lying
unconscious at the Receiving Hospital
for four days with a fractured skull,
the unidentified man found, in the
stables of the. Oakland Gas, Light and
Heat Company, awoke this morning
and tried to tell his name. He took
some coffee, but was so weak that
he was unable to pronounce clearly.
It seemed as if he tried to say Henry
Nelson, or Hanranhan. Steward
Borchert now believes the man has a
chance to recover.
Grand Valley Liquidation.
The beys of the Dolores placer mines
evidently don't use a dry washer, as
it takes ten gallons a month to do them.
It ib a great graft that some of the
boys have of taking blankets and sad
dles from horses and soaking them for
booze.
Talk of spiritualism, Moab has a
queer case just in point. One of our
young bloods bought a quart of Crout's
best on Christmas eve and placed it
beside his bed, so as to be handy in
case of fire. On awakening in the morn
ing he reached for the flre. extinguisher,
when, to his surprise, ha found it had
vanished in thin air and only the empty
bottle remained.— Grand Valley (Utah)
"Calico Charlie" Foster.
The late Charles Foster was noted for
his goodfellowship. It enabled him to
break into the lines of all parties when
he had need cf votes outside his own.
When he first ran for Governor of Ohio
his opponents undertook to heap ridi
cule on him by dubbing him "Calico
Charlie," because he ran a country dry
goods stcre. "Calico Charlie" was equal
to the emergency, however. He ar
ranged \t that calico should become the
badge of the campaign. It was used
for declarations at public meetings,
bands were dressed in it, neckties were
made of it and campaign newspapers
were printed on calico. Ahtf "Calico
Charlie" was elected.— New York Com
mercial. . -
Towns Cannot Be Joined Un
til Bijj One Is Thoroughly
Awakened and Improved
SLOTH DESTROYS UNION
Council men Desire to Pat
Their City in a Class
AVith Their Neighbors
Chairman Payne appointed George
H. Mastitk, David Hirschfeld, E. R.
Anthony, J. K. Knowland and P. S|
Teller as a committee to formulate
by-laws and report back on the 11th
of next month, when another meeting
will be held and permanent organiza
tion effected.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 2 8. — Preliminary
steps toward the formation of anothe/"
improvement association to advance
the interests of Alameda were taken
at a meeting of residents and proper
ty owners held In th^ City Hall last
nigrht. Temporary organization was
effected by the selection of George H.
Payne as chairman and E. E. Johnson
as secretary. E. II. Anthony called
the assemblage to order and explain
ed the purpose of the meeting.
Among: those who were heard dur
ing- the evening were George H. Mas
tick, T. G. Daniells, P. S. Teller, J. R.
Knowland, George Renner, Frank
Otis, Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn, J. L. Fields.
B. C. Brown, Rev. Dr. F. S. Brush, S.
P. Jacobs and Dr. W. O. Smith.
It was the opinion of the majority
of the speakers that there had been
too much "knocking" and "calamity
howling" for the good of the city and
that «i movement to instill vigor and
vim into a public spirit, which was
referred to as apathtic, should be in
augurated and consistently main
tained.
John L. Howard, chairman of the
special committee of the City. Council
that considered the water question, ad
dressed a gathering of the Men's
L*asue of the First Congregational
Church last evening upon the report of
the water committee. Later Mr. How
ard attended * meeting of the general
committee of the City Council and
v hile there he was asked directly at
v. hat pri<-e the special water ¦commit
tee valued the plant of the Contra Costa
Water Company. In all of the reports
and statements this tigure has never
been given and Mr. Howard replied "a
little over $4,000,000."
This is very important, for it is prob
able that VMb figure will be about the
biisis upon which the Council will lix
water rates this year.
Mr. Howard's address* before the
Men's league was a!st» important, for
il was a detailed ptatoment covering
much that the report of the committee
l«( the Council did not carry. The more
notable part of this address follows:
•' A committee of the Oakland Ci\y founcil
recently submitted a report on the municipal
ivaltr.rrrlilMn.
It was the opinion that, in plainness and
c\r<-r\\\ff*. of ¦talrmest. the rt-j>ort would ap
jx*aj; ;Thaps favorably, to th«» judgment of
ev«-ry intelligent citizen wlio would Klve it
moi* than a Fur< rti-:pl roadinK. kcepmjf in
view the furroumilng conditions, the state of
public Ffntiment en<1 the associated preje-cts
for rtwle.1 public Improvements.
It was not thought necessary to burden the
document und thereby make it of tiresome and
imreadaMe !en«rtli bx «'nteriiiB into detaik-1
• •.•-•.•«. of T»hat wemed to bo *e]f evi
dent- ljus;n» m= j.tnjMj-al^. but I have beon a*ke<i
by your preri4fnt to explain during fifteen
ra'.miteF the prorriner.t f^aturep of the report,
to give a clearer view of their purpose, to
ell»y m!«sprr« - h'-HFlon. a "J. in parsing, to
€ ifj.!y |o t!:.-.t kind of jaundiced criticism that
• Kefca deiirht only Sn fault finding and does
<sio'. offer to <'<>nst;uct a substitute lor what it
bttemrtr to destroy.
The speaker thr*n presented a synop
sis of the events leading up to the re
•eiit litipation. which resulted in the
* decision of Judge Hart upon the value
of the plant <-f the Contra Costa Water
I'ompany, and he made the following
._ deductions as thr result:
NV«. wliHt wj? the result if thepe four years
of agitation?
1. A lawsuit that has cost the city at the
«T)<1 ft the lart fiscal year nearly $4O.0Oft. It
* was oefrun in Octfber, I:*", and occupied nearly
vffi.ii months in its trial. The decision was
adverse t .) the city, and on December 20. VMH.
. There was flvfti a notic« of appeal to the Su
- preme Court. At thU late date the prepara
tory bill of exception-? is not complete. When
finished it will be plaf*d on the calendar to
av.sit its turn for argument, and then it will
mvait the court'fc decision.
PEOPJjE PAY FOR SllT.
* 2. The eofrt rtf this suit incurred by the wa
ter eortipar.y has been rejrularly included in the
expense account, and us the rates have been
Tixed to j ield a net return, the citizens have
paid heavy Interest on this cost, which iv • are
informed li&s reached a total of $250,000.
3. A* a. last consequence the city of Oak
land has i>aid during the past four years the
ric^esi rat"* ior water with which it has ever
, Leen charged.
cMr. Howard then outlined the work
t>f the Council committee by which Mr.
Fitzgerald had made a valuation of
the riant of the Contra Costa Water
Company, which he asserted was not
satisfactory to the company; told how
a proposition hnd b^en submitted and
then withdrawn by the Bay Cities Wa
11 ter Company, and then he told how the
proposition submitted by the Contra
Costa Water Company came to be
sijmed, saying: *
In the early i.ait of January the committee
found that after month* of labor it was con
fronted with the di!--apre~able fact that noth
1'n* had been accomplished, that nothing was
!iA view but the <"ontra f'osta Water Company,
and between that company and the commit
tee there was an unbrldped chasm In lefp^ct
to values. The whole question van in the
unsatisfactory condition that it had occupied
for years.
But the knowledge gained during the al-
TnoM. daily controversies led to the pr'-para-
I tion by to* committee -of a letter which was
." nuhmttted to and without material altera
'« tftm stpned by th* company. There seems
* to he an attempt to throw discredit upon the
proposal becajse It appears to have emenaud
from the water <-omi>any. If it will smooth :
the way toward a more Just and unprejudiced
rubllc consideration of thle proposition we
"will Bay that the water company did not
originate nor Inepiie the letter, and the sigr
j r.ature ,,f Its president was attached not with
out demur. • • •
DISAGREE ONLY ON* VALUE.
t B IjcI us now consider this prorxisitlon with
reference to the water question and Its rela
tion to other schemes for public Improvement:
First — Tou are avrare that under the law
• it Ib obligatory uprn the City Council to be-
Itin in February of rach year the work of
fixing the water rates that the company may
••harge during: the tollowlni? ti-x-nl year.
; 7*he committee believed that the valuation
of »7.«X».fX>0 as fixed by Jud^e Hart is In ex
. <-es» of the value of this property. It knew
£ that this feeling was shared by other mem
bers of the Council and by a large portion
*jf th* community.
It te «f the opinion that the Council is not
' competent to fix a value, and an attempt to
lower the prt-eer.l basis of value would result
In new litigation in the I'nited £tat<>!» court.
Therefore a valuation reached hy competent
and dlEinteresU-d <xp»rt«, free from the fog
of courts and from the ingenious devices of
lawyer*, will remove these difficulties and
establish a foundation for rate fixing purposes
which will l>e valuable and effective, not only
for the present year but also for all succeed"
inc year*.
Secondly— Th« proposal goes further. The
rity Is uot obligated to buy the 'hint at the
valuation fixed by the commission, but it may
do so. ...
If it desires to purchase th# system it
t-hould be willing to. pay what, by proper as
t<-«Ttalnment, it is worth. More than this the
water company her no right to expect.
After il* investigation the committee v,-a»
of the opinion that if the water company
j could take its chances upon euch an arb'ltra-
Oakland Office San Francisco Ca!l,
111S Broadway, Jan. 28.
Behind a door Joseph saw a shot
gun standing. Without stopping to
examine it the boy picked up the
weapon, and pointed it straight at his
sister, who was so close to the gun's
mouth that she could easily have de
flected the aim had she been old
enough to realize the danger.
As soon as the shot was fired the
boy saw his sister stagger and fall to
the floor, the awful wound in her
head. AVith a scream of fright he ran
out of the house, alarming his father
and mother, who had both been star
tled by the noise of the shot. The
mangled baby was dead before the
distracted parents got to the room.
Martin went to Newark and notified
the authorities, who in turn gave the
case in charge of Deputy Coroner
Francis at Centervilld. That officer
made a thorough investigation and re
ported the facts to Coroner Mehr
mann. The v boy admitted he had killed
his sister, but in explanation declared
he thought the shotgun was not
loaded.
The father had been in the habit of
loading the weapon at night before
the family retired. They had been
much bothered by tramps on the
ranch and Martin kept the gun close
at his bedside for use should occasion
require. The father had heretofore
made a practice of withdrawing the
cartridges in the morning, but to-day
Martin did not touch the gun as usual.
It was left in the bedroom' corner un
til after the boy used the weapon with
such distressing result.
Coroner Mehrmann will hold an in
quest to-morrow afternoon at Newark.
With a shotgun he did not know was
loaded Joseph Martin, 8 years old,
killed Mamie Martin; his baby sister,
3 years of age, this morning at ,9:30
o'clock jn a room at the Martins'
ranch house, a mile and a half from
Newark. -
The reckless boy held the weapon
aimed at his little sister's head, the
gun muzzle being not a -foot from the
baby. Joseph pulled the trigger after
raising the hammer, and the full
charge of shot tore the child's face off,
killing the baby instantly.
The scene of the tragic death was in
a bedroom off the dining-room, where
shortly before the accident the chil
dren had been rating breakfast with
their parents, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Martin. After the morning menl had
been finished little Mamie and her
brother sauntered into the sleeping
room.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 28.
BAY SUBURBS
BEAT OAKLAND
' Supplies Interesting Details
iu Talk Before Men's League
of Congregational Church
Believe That "Knockers and
Calamity Howlers" Should Be
Suppressed for Town's Good
Mamie Martin; Three Years of
Age, Is Victim of Accident
Caused by a Reckless Child
Remains Deposited in Family
Vault in St. Mary's Cemetery
Beside Tliose of Husband
GREAT THRONGS ATTEND
TKAGEDY AT FARMHOUSK
HOLD INITIAL MEETING
Alamedons IMaii to Organize
Club to Promote Interests
of Their Beautiful' City
Friends Pay Last Eespects to
Memory of Benefactress of
St. Francis Dc Sales Church
Boy Blows Little One's Head
Off With Shotgan That He
l>id Not Know Was Loaded
Norah Jordan, Aged 17, Steals Silk, a Gold
, Pin and Money From 'Mrs. Mollie Edel
stein, by Whom She Had Been Employed
WOULD AROUSE
PUBLIC SPIRIT
— ?
Hi)\YAKl> GIVES 'FIGURES
?
Council Committee Appraises
Contra Cost, -iWator Company's
Property at That Amount
VALUES PLANT
AT $4,000,000
MRS CANNING
LAID AT REST
BROTHER KILLS
A BABY SISTER
LONGING FOR FINERY CAUSES
YOUNG GIRL TO COMMIT THEFT
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1904. »
6
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
KEEP TOtIK HEAD UZTCOTERED.
The Constant Wearine cf a Hat Propu-
sratss DaadroS Germs.
There are many men who wear their
hats practically all the time when awak<\
and itre blessed with a hoavy shock of
hair: yet if the scalps of these same men
o once became infested with damlrufT
Kcrms. the parasites would multiply all
the quicker for lack of air. Baldness
would tr.suo r.s the final result. Xewbro's
Iierplddc kills these germs and stimu-
lates unhealthy hair to abundant growth
Hcrpicido is a pleasant hair dressing as
¦R-cTl as a dandruff cure and contains not
• an atom <>f injurious substance. Sold by
leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herpicide Co.."L>etroit
' Mich. SEHBt
CASTOR r A
For Infants and Children.
Hie Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tho ST? >V^>^>£"
Signature of LfuXsjZ/jfcjgZ&u/ti
™' " '"" iBuxnMS&r a ' ~* ¦* "¦* T&fcji w indescribable fear, for
gs^wM child-birth. The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts over her A
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy robs
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at the
tinte of their most critical ¦ trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, but its use
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
sickness," and other dis-
$i.oo per bottle. Book '
containing valuable information free. J^^^O^ §H IJC?* $$iM fsTTB
The Bradficld Regulator Co., Atlanta, Ga. JST U^a^moW &h£r.
OAKLAND.
f US Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKEXlEY.
21 18 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALA31EDA,
1-135 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 503.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYDECOTO, Jan. 2S. — Charles Whip
pie, a pioneer resident of this counts',
died to-day at his home in Decoto.
Mr. Whipple was one of the first pub
lic administrators of Alameda County.
Deceased leaves two sons. Charles and
James Whipple, and six daughters,
Mr?. R. Volmer, Mrs. H. May, Mrs. V.
Meyer, Mrs. F. Hulbert, Mrs. A. Ha
ley and Miss Bertha Whipple. The
funeral will be held at 11 a. m. Sat
urday from the family residence.
Death of Pioneer Resident.
PARIS, Jan. 28. — M. Cure to-day
accepted Jacob Schaffer's challenge
for a billiard match at eighteen-inch
balk line, two shots in, at 3000 points,
and drew a check to cover the stake.
He was unable to close the matter,
however, as the Grand Hotel hall,
which has been specified by Schaffer,
is not available at the appointed date.
M. Cure will deposit the stake money
as soon as Schaffer agrees on some
other neutral hall. .
forty-five years on the road. Mr.
Nevrell came to San Francisco Jn the
spring of 1850 and in the early days
he was an active member of the old
fire department. It later years he es
tablished the firm of Newell & Bro.,
with which he was connected ud to
the time of his death. He was 72
years of age, a native of New Hamp
shire and is survived by a widow and
two sons, Ralph and Arthur Newell.
The funeral will take place to-mor
row morning at 10 o'clock from the
family home, 1721 Eddy street. In
terment will be in Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
Schaffcr's Challenge Accepted.
NEW YORK, Jan. 28. — Champion
Heavyweight James J. Jeffries has dis
tinguished himself by stopping a run
away team in Central Park and sav
ing from probable serious injury the
man and wife who were being car
ried rapidly toward a narrow bridge
spanning a gorge through the drive.
A bit had broken between the jaws of
a spirited horse attached with its
mate to the sleigh. The animals had
run some distance and were approach
ing the bridge at rapidly increasing
speed when Jeffries, approaching in
a cab, heard the woman's screams.
Looking ahead he saw the runaways
and sprang to the ground. He seized
"the near horse by the head and was
dragged some distance, but managed
with his free hand to grip the horse's
nostrils, choking it quickly into sub
mission.
Jeffries Plays a Hero's Part.
ALAMEDA, *Jan. 28. — Miss Kath
leen Prances Foley passed away this
morning at her home, 1530 Morton
street. She was a native of Califor
nia, aged 21 years and the daughter
of Mrs. Anastasia Foley and the late
MichaeJ Foley and sister of Richard.
Edwin. Olivia and Cecelia Foley and
Mrs. William Jones. The funeral will
be held Sunday morning at 10 o'clock
from St. Joseph's Church.
Death Takes Young Lady.
John Ahem, ' District Attorney of
Kern County, passed away in this city
yesterday afternoon after a long ill
ness. Mr. Ahern was taken sick more
than a year ago. He rallied a short
time since and was thought to be on
the road to recovery, but a relapse set
in later and he sank gradually. He
was about 43 years old.
Mr. Ahern was born in Hayes Val
ley, this city, and received his early
education here. He studied law after
graduating from the public schools
and went to Bakersfield. Kern Coun
ty, several years ago. He practiced
law in that city for some time, and
later \ras elected District Attorney. He
was well known here and in' the
southern part of the 'State, and was
liked by all with whom he came in
contact. He is survived by two sis
ters, who reside at 1308 Laguna street.
The remains will be interred in this
city. The arrangements for the fu
neral have not been completed.
Kern District Attorney Dies.
Although the sea covers three-fourths
of the earth's surface, it does not pro
vide in the same proportion for man's
wants. Only about 3 per cent of the
people in the world gain their living di
rectly from the sea.
Colombia has had seven constitu
tions and the title of the republic has
been changed three times. ,
The rapid drying up of the Sea of
Azof is receiving official attention.-' In
five years the water has receded to
such an extent that nearly three mil
lion acres formerly covered by the
sea are now a swamp. Several once
flourishing harbors, notably Rostof
and Taganrog, are suffering severely.
The Russian Minister of Public
."Works has sanctioned a project for
damming the strait about two miles
wide between the Sea of Azof and the
Black Sea with an enormous stone
causeway, witii a space in the middle
for ships. It is hoped thus to raise
the surface of the. sea ten fee{. cov
ering the morass with navigable wa
ter. Bids for the work will be adver
tised for in the United States, France.
England and Russia. The outlay, it
is believed, will be 53,000.000.
To Redeem Sea of Azof.
SANTA CLARA. Jan. 28.— The inter
collegiate baseball game to-day be
tween the Stanford varsity nine and
Santa Clara College resulted in a score
of 11 to 10 in favor of Stanford. The
game was one-sided until the eighth,
when Santa Clara had her only chance
to tie the score. Stanford filled the
bases in the first. An error by Terry
McKune and a fumbie by Magee gave
the Stanford men three runs. Two in
the third and four Jn the fourth gave
them a lead that made a plodding game
till the eighth. Santa Clara played
lazy ball till the eighth, when they
woke up, and it was 11 to 10, with Stan
ford on the long end. In the ninth
Stanford went out one, two. three, and
the college came to the stick for a last
attempt. One man reached second with
two out. but the game ended with the
score as above. Sales and Parker
pitched for Stanford, with Ball receiv
ing. Wallman and McKune were the
battery for Santa Clara. Runs by in
nings:
Stanford ... 3 0 2 4 0 0 1 1 0-11
Santa Clara. 2 0 0 3 0 0 14 0—10
To-day's game was the first of a se
ries of five to be played between the
two teams. The next game will be at
Stanford.
Takes the First of a Series of Five
Games by a Close
Score.
CARDINAL. BASEBALL N1XE
BEATS SANTA CLARA TEA3I
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Klectric Company, 415 Post street. •
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
. t 'wjr.if to the fact that nunurcrc:« schemes are
t'.av^d before the cublic from time to time, we
v ould rcfpectfully call the attention of pur
¦ ¦?asprs of tlck»t» to buy only from rfspon
*>>!• Rt^nts and to see that their tickets read
ss follows:
TKT: ORIGINAL LITTLE FENEFICnNCIA
I'UBLICA COMPANY OF SAN FRAN
CISCO. ORGANIZED SEPTEM
BER, 1S33.
Each «upcn hag the initials M. i. F. en the
fsc^ and Uack of the UcJtet.
The foJlowirz are the capital prizes as de
fi<l*<i by Tbo Reneflcencia Pub'ica Company
<f the City if Mexico. January £g, 1904: No".
HVS2 wins $7500. sold in San Francisco. Cal.;
N>. ~11J3 Tvina 12500. e-,!d in San Francisco.
<*1.: No. 7KC wir.s $1250. sold in San Fran
< :»"f>. C»\.: Not. :a«2rr., 31C53. 2194S. and
7TW15 earh wins $l^r,. sold In San Francisco
and Stockton. Cal.. and Portland. Or.
Th» following capital prizes -were raid by
th» abort M. & F. Co. for the Decerober 2i.
3Wj3. drawing: Frank G. Wisker, shipping
clerk ivith II. ?. Cnx-k^r Co.. '215 Bush St.,
Pan Francisco. Cal.. STWX): Frederick Cooper.
f«n<Juctor McAI!!*ter-Ft. line. Visited Railroads
«'o.. re*ldins at 2029 McAllister ft., San Fran
risco. Ca!.. S^OfX.': paid to the Canadian Bank
<•'< <~oTnni«Tce. 5an Franrisco, Cal. (by W. A»Ji
rrar.. collector). $1252 50. •
Tbe Orismal Little BeneSccncia Pub
l'ca Company of San Krancisco.
Organized September, 1893.
The members of St. Dominic's Mon
astery and SL Dominie's Church were
greatly shocked when the news of the
death of the Rev. Father James Louis
O'Xeil came to them yesterday.-
The eminent priest and scholar died
yesterday morning at St. Joseph's
Hospital, where he was being attend
ed for a fracture sustained through
being thrown from a Jones-street ca
ble car on December 29 through the
sudden stopping of the car as it start
ed down trade between Bush and
ijutter streets. The immediate cause
of death, however, was pneumonia,
which developed about a week ago.
At 3:20 o'clock yesterday afternoon
the remains of the late Father O'Xeil
were received at St. Dominic's Church
by the Very Rev. Pius Murphy, the
coffin being borne by Father F. B.
Clyne, Father T. C. Clancy, Father
Gregory Ilourke, Father T. C. Warren,
Father F. S. Welch and Father J. R.
Newell. As the procession moved
along the aisle the priests chanted the
offices of the dead, while the bell
above the church was tolled. The
Very Rev. Father Murphy sprinkled
the casket with holy water and the
remains were tenderly laid upon a
small catafalque and will lie in state
until to-morrow morning, when the
funeral service will begin at 10 o'clock
with solemn high requiem. The body
will be escorted from the church at -
o'clock and will be taken to St. Dom
inic's Church, Benicia, where solemn
high requiem will take place on Sun
day. . The interment will be in the
St. Dominican Cemetery, Benicia.
The late Father O'Xeil was born in
Brooklyn. X. Y., August 7, 1858. His
mother died about six months ago in
Brooklyn and surviving Father O'Neil
are his father, James O'Neil, and a
brother and sister.
Eminent Member of Domin
can Order Succumbs to
Pneumonia.
POPULAR CATHOLIC PRIEST
WHO DIED OF PNEUMONIA
YESTERDAY MORNING.
A. policeman, glad of the relief thi3
diversion offered from the tedium of the
night, had any possible suspicions al
layed when the leader of the band ap
peared from within and directed the
work in hand just as the proprietor
mi^ht have done.
"Hurry up, my friends," he said; "I
have a train to catch."
The men hurried. They got about
37,000 francs' worth of merchandise into
the cart in time for "monsieUr" to catch
his train, and the policeman resumed
his visils.
M. Maauet discovered his loss next
morning. Then one clew led to an
other and the whole band was arrested.
They will try* to prove their innocence.
Besides the four men implicated a wo
man, a second-hand dealer of the rue
Pigalle, has also been arrested for re
ceiving some of the stolen property.—
Petit Parisien.
An interesting case is now occupying
the attention of one of tne Paris crim
inal courts, which, according to ths
evidence, shows that the Parisian burg
lar is not wanting in audacity. The
case concerns the robbery of the sta
tioner's shop of M. Maquet in the rue
do la Paix, committed last July.
It appears that a brave policeman
stood by and watched the robbery com
mitted. The chief of the band had or
dered a pushcart to the front of the
store. As he had formerly worked for"
M. Maquet and knew the premises well,
he passed into the courtyard of the
building, forced an entrance and opened
the front door. There were his con
federates and their cart.
Parisian Burglar Is Not Want ins
in Xervc and Ingen
uity.
STOOI> WATCHING WIIIL.E
CRACKSMEN" WORKED
"Much of the distance across Kansas
was done at a mile a minute speed. A
noticeable thing about the race against
death was the quickness of our engine
men in changing engines for the special
at the division points. Santa Fe offi
cials are much gratifk- 1 over the show
ing made by this train in breaking past
records, but we can do better."
MILWAUKEE. Jan. 2S.— Mrs. M. L.
Cunningham of Butte. Mont., mother of
Mrs. Charles W. Clark, who died in
New York last night, missed arriving
at the bedside of her daughter before
Mrs. Clark died because a train be
tween Milwaukee and Chicago arrived
in Chicago one minute late. Mrs. Cun
ningham, who had been visiting in Mil
waukee, left for New York Tuesday
morning on a 4 o'clock train, after re
ceiving belated telegrams announcing
her daughter's critical condition, and
expected to take a 6 o'clock train out
of Chicago the same morning. The
trair from Milwaukee to Chicago was
one minute late and Mrs. Cunningham
failed to make the connection.
"The most remarkable feature of the
train's flight was its great speed
through the mountains. It did better
work there than on the level country
farther east. The special crossed three
mountain ranges, including the Conti
nental Divide.- No delays were encoun
tered in the mountains and the speed
made was something new in railroad
experience. If the same approximate
speed had been maintained east of the
mountains the train would have
reached Chicago four hours sooner.
The special, which left Albuquerque,
N. M., at 5:'45 a. m. yesterday, made
the trip to Chicago, 1377 miles, in
thirty-two hours and live minutes,
which is four hours and filty-flve min
utes faster than the time ot the Santa
Fe's . fast California Limited, and
twenty-five minutes faster than the
lime of the westbound Lowe special of
last August.
Mr. Clark was exhausted on reach
ing Chicago. He boarded a Lake
Shore and Michigan Southern train
this afternoon and resumed his jour
ney to New York.
TOPEKA; Kans.. Jan. 28.— W. J.
Black, general passenger and ticket
agent of the Santa Fe, says concerning
the Clark special train, which reached
Chicago this alternoon:
"It was 'the fastest run ever made
on our road, taking all things into con
sideration. The train started from
Winslow. Ariz., at 11:28 o'clock Tues
day night and reached. Chicago to-day
at 1:50 p. m. The run of 1663 miles was
made therefore in thirty-seven hours
and fifteen minutes. This is an aver
age of 44 u miles an hour, including all
stops and delays. r .
CHICAGO, Jan. 28.— The Santa Fe
special, on which Charles W. Clafk
started in a record-breaking attempt
to reach the bedside of his dying wife
in New York, reached Chicago at 1:50
p. m. to-day. Mr. Clark had been no
tified of his wife's death.
The matter of the old marine hos
pital lattrrly converted into a sailors*
boarding-housf* at San Francisco was
before the Senate Committee on Com
merce this afternoon, a resolution being
rimposed on the recommendation of
Secretary Cortflyou to cause the prop
erty to revert back to the Government
on the ground that it was not now
bfing put to proper use. This grows
«<ut of the old charge of mismanage
irn/nt and selfish interests upon the part
of thp superintendent. Senator Perkins
¦asked- that the matter be Held up until
h« j "could communicate with the Mayor
ywi other authorities in San Francisco,
and in compliance .the matter was re
ft rre'd to a 5ub-committee composed of
'Perkins. Nelson and Mallory.
Th<". State Department has assured
S.--?atnr Foster of Washington that the
question of a conference between rep
s' ?^ntatives of this Government and
th*? Dominion of Canada, together with
the State of Washington, on the subject
•n* j<iint fish hatcheries on the Frasev
Riv*r will now be given immediate con
sideration. Th" State Department, iho
United States Fish Commission and the
State Fish Commission of the State cf
Washington are acting in harmony.
They are following the policy advocated
by Senator Foster that a joint con
ference be held between the two gov
ernment* looking to the establishment
'>f joint fish hatcheries.
the Northern California Indian Asso
ciation, which, after setting forth in
distressing etyle the condition of some
10,000 Indians, who are said to have no
reservation or other abiding place they
may call their own, asks the Govern
ment, to provide them with homes. A
hill will probably be introduced later.
At the instance of Senator Bard the
Senate to-day ordered printed as a pub
lic document a portion of the petition of
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
V/., WASHINGTON. Jan. ML— The
OimmHtce on Military Affairs did n->t
reach California's case in regard to the
location of the camp ground to-day,
but 'was employed all morning in hear
ing the claims of Pennsylvania for the
location of the Eastern camp. The Cal
lfCrniaus were present and ready to
j;repent the advantages of the two
ranches that have bec-n recommended.
Ex-Secretary of the Xavy Herbert ap
peared and gave notice that he wou'.d
represent the champions of the Na
ciinicnto ranch. This is to give formal
notice, of a contest that will last no
body knows how long. The only fear
concerning it is that it may sidetrack
the whole proposition, for the members
of the delegation are only interested
tiiey say in securing th< camp ground
to California rather than to some other
Western State, cf which there is at
least one other active candidate with
warm champions in the House and
Senate. The committee will meet Mon
day rrorning. when the California case
will be heard.
S;*cSa! Disretch to Tfce Call
The relief work is well organized and
provision is being made for the return
of the refugees, inasmuch as there is
but scanty food supplies in the sur
rounding country. It is intended to
send several hundred children to Ber
gen. Invaluable assistance in the main
tenance of order at Aalesund v.as af
forded by the German cruiser Prinz
Heinrich. which, among other things,
lighted the town with its searchlights.
BERLIN, Jan. 2S.— Official informa
tion has been given out that the needs
of the 13,000 inhabitants of the town .of
Aalesund, Norway, which was destroyed
by fire on January 24, have been pro
vided for adequately. Several thousand
of the people of Aalesund have gone to
neighboring towns and villages and the
Hamburg-American line steamer Phoe
nicia, which was sent out to Aalesund
with relief at the instigation of Empe
ror William, is caring for 4000 more; she
has twenty days* supplies for this num
ber. The people of the destroyed town
have taken new heart. Emperor Wil
liam's telegram having contributed
greatly to their encouragement. All the
snips at Aalesund were flag-bedecked
yesterday upon the occasion of the cel
ebration of Emperor William's birth
day.
Hamburg-American Line Steam
er Phoenicia Is Caring for
Thousands of. the Sufferers
Race Across Kansas Is Done
at a Mile a Minute Clip
for the Millionaire's Son
Funner Secretary of the Xavy
• Herbert to Represent Cham
pions of Nacimiento Ranch
SPEED IN MOUNTAINS
REFUGEES ARE RETURNING
? . • .
Will Survey Montana Boundary lane.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2S. — The In
terior Department has arranged for '
the one small bundle on the top shelf, he
replied: "Well, if you think your friend
is in that bundle, I'll get it down, too."
—Philadelphia Evening Telegraph.
"WASHINGTON. Jam. 28.— The House
for an hour to-day was entertained by
a speech erf J. Adam Bede, a Repub
lican member from Minnesota, who
made his maiden effort and won his
spurs. .His remarks were replete with
wit- and humor, as well as serious
thought.
Good natured colloquys resulted from
his thrusts at the Democratic party.
Bede appealed to the Democratic party i
to disband, and extended to it an in- j
vitation to jc-in the Republican ranks-,'
and make the election of Mr. Roose- j
velt unanimous. ;
When invited by a member of the 1
minority to join the Democratic ranks,
he inquired who their candidate would ]
be, but no name was forthcoming. • The |
only oppositic-n to Roosevelt, he de- '
clared, came from a little '"bunch of j
Populists" down in Wall street. The
election returns from the West, he said,'
would simply be -supplemental census
figures. ;
Bede. in referring to Populists, said i
he meant the people who dealt in fiat, j
He said flat had been wiped out in the j
West.
"We went out when we saw a Popu
list," he said, "and threw salt on his
whiskers and caught him and brought
him into the Republican ranks. We
have wiped out Populism in the West,
and it soon will be determined that
a little bunch of Populists in | Wall
street cannot dictate the nomination of
either party."
Bede said he thought that 50 per cent
of the Democrats of Minnesota believed
in Mr. Roosevelt, and that Minnesota
would give him 100,000 majority.
"I believe," he said, "if the Demo
crats should nominate Mr. Cleveland
or Mr. Gorman that even Mr. Bryan
himself would cast his vote for Roose
velt."
Scudder of New York questioned
Bede as to how he proposed uniting
the two races, referring to a remark
made toward the conclusion of Bede's
speech. Bede replied that he had not
referred in any way to the race ques
tion. He realized that peculiar condi
tions had brought peculiar burdens for
the South in this matter and he would
not by word or deed do anything to
add one featherweight to this burden.
This statement was applauded on the
Democratic side.
Speaking of the Monroe doctrine.
Bede said that the doctrine was just
as bit? as the United States navy and
no bigger. Do away With the navy
and the Monroe doctrine would go.
Benny of New Jersey, speaking in
defense of Bryan, said he. need not feel
hurt, as he was in good company. He
quoted Senator Dolliver as having said
at a banouet In New York that no
man had a right to hiss the name of
William J. Bryan.
"You brag and blow here about the |
great courace of the man who is now
President of the United States," said
Benny. "The man who shoots a lion j
or a Spaniard in the back does not
necessarily- have to be courageous."
'The prophecy that to nominate Mr. I
, Roosevelt for Vice President would
take him out of New York politics did
not come true. He said it was pro
posed to stop the use of carriages by
department officials, and asked if any
thing was done to stop the use o-f car
riages by department officials, and
asked if anything was being done to
stop the President from using a free
: train, declaring that he had heard that
a free train was placed at his disposal.
PARTY LEADERS IN DEBATE.
Scope of the President's Authority the
Theme in Senate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 28. — The time
of the Senate to-day was devoted to
debate, rather than to speeches, on
the attitude of the United States to
ward the Panama revolution. There
was a variation, however, in that the
discussion also had reference to the
right of the President to withhold in
formation called for by the Senate.
The foundation of the controversy
was the Democratic caucus resolution
calling- UDon the President to state
whether he has yet supplied all the
papers in the archives bearing. upon
the Panama affair.
The debate was opened by Culber
son and was participated in by Gor
man and Bacon on the Democratic
side and by Cullom, Spooner and
Lodge on the Republican side of the
chamber. The Democrats contended
for the right of the Senate to demand
information in the possession of the
executive bearing: upon the treaties
before the Senate, while the Republi
cans spoke in defense of the Presi
dent to withhold information.
QUARANTINE LINE DRAWN.
I Secretary Wilson Issues Order on Ac
; count of the Texas Cattle .Fever.
! WASHINGTON^ Jan. 28.— Secretary
j Wilson has issued the annual quaran
tine order on account of the Texas
• cattle fever. It is effective on Febru
! ary 1 and includes California, Okla*
homa' and Texas, and the Southern
States. The line in the States of Cali
j fornia, Texas, Oklahoma, Tennessee,
J North Carolina, Maine and Vermont
J is made practically the same 'as last
i year. Monterey County, California,
I is taken out of the quarantine sta
tion district. The restrictions are
removed entirely from that part of
Blaine County, Oklahoma, that lies
north of the Canadian River.
Admiral I,ambcrton to Be Retired.
WASHINGTON", . Jan. . 28. — It is
probable that Rear Admiral Charles
J. Barclay, commander of the Puget
Sound navy yard, will succeed Rear
Admiral Lamberton, commander in
chief of the South Atlantic squadron,
. who has been pronounced by medical
survey unfit for service on account of
his eyesight. Lamberton is on his way
home. ¦ ,
1 ¦ . • ¦
Bodies of Mine Victims Recovered-
PITTSBURG, Jan. 28. — When the
: work of recovering: bodies from the
Harwich temporarily ceased at mid
night 106 victims of Monday's explo
sion had been brought to the surface.
Of this number fifty-six have been
identified.
¦ ? ¦
Hundreds of entire new things in val
entines. Call and see them at Sanborn
& Vail's. •
¦ ? ¦
Building Contracts.
Philip Ward (owner) with Edward Glnley
(rontractor), liana by owner — All work for a
2-story frame building on lot on SE «H>rner
of Clement street and Hixth avenue, S 2».
thrnce E 120 by S 25; $3400.
Mrs. i>arah Rodgers (owner) with G. P. W.
Jensen (contractor), architects Salfleld & Kohl
berg — Iron lathing and plastering for a 7-
Ktory brick buildinc on lot on SB corner of
Van Ness avenue and Austin street. S 7t> by
K 100; $14,004.
Same owner with California Electrical Works
(contractors), architects same — Incandescent
light worU. bell and telechone work for same
on came; ?2084.
Same owner with D. O. Storz (contractor),
architects sair.e — Painting, varnishing and pol
ishing for same on same: $-»;»75.
Same owner with Uullch & Wetherbe* (con
tractors), architects ?ame— Steam heating for
Fame on same; ?24r>0.
i Charles E. Hanson (owner) • with Henry
Munster (contractor), architects H. Geilfuss &
Son — Carpenter and mill work, glazing roof
ing and hardware for additions to a three-story
brick building on W corner of Second and Sil
ver streets. XW 70 by S\V 00; $1222.
C. P. and Mary Wilson (owners) with A JI.
Wallen (contractor). I architect owner — All
work except mantels, tiling, plumbing, gas
fixtures, shades, finishing hardware cement
work for one- story frame cottage oa E line of
Clara avenue. 110 N of Seventeenth street 2»
27 by E 137: $1700.
Herman H. Helbush (owner) with A' Dahl
berg (contractor), architects Rousseau & Son
All work for a three-story • frame building
(flats and store) on SE corner or Sacramento
and Ixtcust streets. E 37:6 by S 100 Western
Addition block 817: $16.0CO. .
Oscar Harris (owner) with Pcnk<- Brothers
(contractors and architects) — All work for a
three-story frame building (six flats) on X line
of Sutter street. 107:0 E of Steiner E CO bv X
137:6; $20,000. y *
T * t
The Clerk Was Obliging.
a The trials of the salespeople in the
large department stores are manifold
I these days, but many an amusing in-
J cident crops out to Irradiate their ex-
I istence. It was not so many days ago
when one of those fussy little women
walked ud to the counter of the black
| goods department and asked to see
1 some "crepe de chine." Not satisfied
! *-ith the kind produced, she compelled
i the obliging clerk to pull down every
bundle on the various shelves until
only one solitary package remained on
the very top row. -Without any con
sideration for the patience of the oblig
ing salesman, she finally turned and re
marked: "Oh, that's all right. I was
just looking for a friend, anyway."
Maybe that clerk wasn't angry! Eye
ing the ..customer and then turning to
a complete survey of the boundary
line between Idaho and Montana, and
Howard B. Carpenter of California
I has been appointed United States sur-
I veyor to conduct the work. The sur
vey, it is expected, will take about two
years. • Under the contract the Gov
ernment will pay Carpenter at the
rate of 5100 for every mile of boun
dary permanently established.
HEARING IS POSTPONED
Remarkable, Bun Made to Have
Charles W. Clark at the
Uedsidc of ' His "Dying Wife
Provisions Are Forwarded to
Fire-Swept Town and Dis
tributed Among Inhabitants
J. Adam Bede, in a Witty Speech in the
House, Declares the Election of Mr. Roose
velt Might as Well Be Made Unanimous
CALIFORNIA MAY
LOSE GROUNDS
J'isht of Rival Sections for
Maneuvers Camp Is Likelv to
Injure the State's Chances
TRAIN BREAKS
RAILWAY RECORD
PROMPT RELIEF
GIVEN AALESUND
INVITES DEMOCRACY TO DISBAND
AND JOIN THE REPUBLICAN RANKS
FATHER O'NEIL
DIES AFTER A
SHORT ILLNESS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRTDAV, JANUARY 20. 1004.
Death yesterday claimed Horace
Newell, one o* the oldest busi
ness men of this city. He
was known as the pioneer com
mercial traveler, having served
Ixms Life Is Ended.
General Joseph Darr Passes Away.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28. — General
Joseph Darr, formerly chief of staff of
General Rosecrans and provost mar
shal general of the Department of
Missouri, died to-day.
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS. . .
Latest Labor Article
is in the February number of McClure's Mag-
azine. It reveals _ the immensely interesting
and significant condition of the wage-earners of -
b&ai s r an cis co
Something entirely new in the labor world. Side-lights on Mayor Sckmitz^,
Some striking features of the labor situation on the Pacific Coast.
i*<a Mum Bw a^ >*& Bi~& BPn H T^f wMd M9J7 Kfas
,"• Sa ££y~m * M #^£v ' kuI E- kj H r'i^ P5^i l?wf A jjy >#^
11 lip «dK^fc *§K3mmm^3& nffftj^ mUlnf V^hsSjRF
for February contains three other great articles,"
seven good short stories and beautiful pictures
GET- MCCLURE'S FROM ANY NEWSDEALER." MCCLURE AGENT OR FROM THE PUBLISHERS-IOC. A SINGLE
COPY; $1 FOR A YEAR;s; SUBSCRIPTION. S. S. MCCLURE CO, 147 E. 25TH STREET. NEW YORK. N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JSHREVE &, GO'Sl
STATIONERY DEPARTMENT
¦
Will be opened on Mon-
day, February 1st It will
have in its work rooms
complete facilities for the
production o! Fine Station-
cry in all its branches. Ex-
clusivcncss will charac-
terize the products of the
Department.
———————
POST and MARKET STS.
i M
;v«3«t DR. JORDAN'S great A
¦BUSEUQ OF SHfiTOKYO
1) " ¦ < @ SSa KASIIT K.ht 5:k»7a. BXOL A
\ ' tj The Ltrreit Ar»rtn ci: H->cum in tbe \
' —^.-Plj , w «id. VVeakneuet ot ar.jr cootracttd A
¦ 1 -Si 12? ' *' ir r»«IH»«-JTc-«r*4l^rtir oiueu Y
O i'SjB ! >peca;i»iB« ikcCeic Ej^jt yt»rs. Q
C W^K: < DR - JOSDAH-D'SEASES OF KEM A
Q f J&<x Ti«-rar-t i*rion*l y er br ifirr. A Q
v fi if il '''••"•« Cmrt m ert.y ci4t«c<l«Tt»kce. T
Apjl n t \ '•'¦.-( r s ..«. rniLo«<iPH v «r
d I ainni/Hii;. .vniLty isee. (Af
* O JX »-¦»¦¦» bock (or rr.ri.) X
V l;B. JUSniN 4r ro,. iXI Jlnrkf I st..S. F. V
&\ fl E B £ 0\ Arr.munlUon. Huctlnc and
¦ ¦BatlRA • < -; r r::r)? Good*. LArtrst
Vak iRVa X HucK Lowest prices. Stni
r nw uBQbT ¦ for cstalceue. * "
t* W I H \St SHRFVE i 15AHBER CO..
¦;-' Uarket sx. and tZl
Kearay st.
. :\:,-^
UV/. X. HESS.
ITctary Pcblic and Attomey-at-Law.
Tenth KJuor. Iiooni 1013. ClaUa Sprcckels bldg.
TcJei.hone Main yS3. -
Ku;crr.r. Sil California Ft., below Powell.
- -"•-.-' 'SUsliextc* Telethon* James l&CL
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WITNESSES
TESTIFY
Savants and Scientists
Endorse Munyon's
Pror. Arc3dl¥5 Avella^vs, Dr.
Litt, Dr. Ph., a Distinouishel
Savant, Commends Munuo.i'5
Paw Pa?/. x
! Pror. Ross S. Wallace, A. M. and
A- C, an Eastern Chemist or
Great Reputation, Gives His
Opinion or Paw Piw.
I
What a Leading Light in Catho'ic
Circles Say 5:
A RCADIVS AVELLANVS. Dr. T.itt,
** Dr. Ph.. Is one of the most din»in-
I guished and widely known savants and
I scholars In th«« world. His attainments
I are fimiliar to the greatest educators.
[ both in foreign lands and in America.
I and in the most exclusive educational
circles h*> commands the highest respect
I and admiration. In a recent letter to
j Prof. Munyon lie says: "I used to won-
! d<?r when in tiie land of Paw Paw why
! some clever physician or chemist had not
i broupht that wonderful fruit before »uf-
j fcrinK humanity as a powerful disre't-
1 ant. stomach and nerve tonic, as I know
j from actual use that it had rare virtue
j in that dirpction. Seeing that Prof.
! Munyon. with characteristic energy 'ani
I enterprise, has worked the thins out. I
j tried h!s Paw Paw and find it all that it
is represented to be. Its effects upon di-
gestion, its control of the nerves and pu-
rification of the blood is something won-
derful. I congratulate Prof. Munyon
sincerely on this, which I consider his
crowning achievement in the realm of
curative remedies."'
(Signed)
ARCADIVS AVELT.ANVS.
DR. LITT, DR. PH.
Philadelphia. Pa.
i What a Distinguished Chemist
Says:
lloss L- Wallace. A. M. and A. C. in
one cf the most distinguished analytic
and consulting «-hemists in the East. Hi*
home Is in tladdonfleld. N. J. Aftf-r ;t
> careful analysis of Munyon's Paw Paw.
he writes as follows:
"The sample of Munyon's Paw Paw
submitted for examination shows tfwt
! it Is a highly concentrated vegetable
compound of exceptional merit as a di-
gestant and tonic for both the stomach
and nervous centers. It contains .noth-
in*r injurious to the most delicate or-
gans.'"
(Signed) ROSS L. "WALLACE.
A. M. and A. C.
Sold by all druggists. Large bottle $1.
Paw Paw Laxative Pills. 23c ¦ bottle.
Druggists say they have never han-
dled a medicine that gave such universal
satisfaction.
Paw Paw gives new life and strength
to the stomach, so that it digests every-
thing that goes into it. Its effect upon
the nerves is marvelous; it seems tr» re-
lieve them of all strain and Irritation.
For insomnia it is proving a great bless-
ing, as scores of people declare that
Paw Paw soothes and quiets the nerves
so that one can enjoy a good night's rest
and get up in the morning feeling strong
and refreshed.
Professor Munyon especially asks,
every weak and debilitated person tn try 1
this Paw Paw remedy. He says It make'*
I old folks feel young and weak folks feel
I strong. That it will take away all need
and desire. for alcoholic stimulants. Al-
' coholic drinks lift hut let you fall. Paw
j Paw lifts and holds you: it gives exhil-
j aration without intoxication.
V, N , of AU B0TTLEB I
SOLD EVERYWHERE. ¦
HILBERT MEKCANVlLi <_w.. ff
Pacific Oast .Agents. M
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
k S A GKliAT HESTORATIVE. INMUORA-
* tor and Nervine.
Tho most wonderful apbrcdlsi&e and Sp«e:al
Tonic lor ibe Sexual Orraaa. for ->oth acxea.
The Mexican Remedies for Diseases ot ia«
Kldn-ys and Bladder. Sells on Its on a merit*.
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Arentt.
- 823 Market it., g. F. — «Send tor CtrcuUru.
IERCES
FAVORITE
scrip™
, R WEAK WOMEN.
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
Tbts Dome for tbe aged, conduc.—i by eh*
S-iters of Mercy. Is situated at San Dlcxo.
Cat., oa University Heights. overlo>.k*as tb*
ocean. Tbe climate Is considered the finest la
the world, free from extremes of heat-cr cold.
A«d couples are also received. Th« cbarzea
for a home fcr life vary from *130v* UDward.
according to ase and requirements, '"or further
Information apply tn Sister Suwrmr St. Jo-
seph's Sanitarium. San Dleeo. Cal
DOTICU17C FOR BARBERS. BA-
DilUuillJU ke "- bootblacks, batn-
UllUUilUW house*, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinder., candy "»k«* ""?'"•
dyer., flow miljs. foundries, laundries. P«P»r-
hanser*. printers.. painters, sboe factories.
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BTJCXA2TA2T BB03..
Brush Mannfaetturw. 609 SacTamtnto St.
Schools and Colleges.
LEADING BUSINESS COLI-EGE OF THE
WEST. 24, Pout St.. San Francisoo. Cak
Eitnbliohed 40 yearn. Open entlr« year.
Writ* for illt'«>trstM rj>«tlojrtt» <fre#>.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 F£B TEAS.
. - .•¦¦ - ¦ .- : - ....••- — --..••In. a partisan debate in! the House of Representatives
one of the speakers, who punctuated his remarks too
violently with ;: expletives, •declared; that the Secretary
of War had wasted two hundred thousand dollars of the
public , moneys .in a Vain effort . to expioit the Langley
airship. That is nothing; -more than one good fellow
ha? .spent more than that trying to be a highflyer.
San Francisco should own" the island,
put it In shape to accommodate all
The island contains 150 acres and
there can be made by blasting and fill
ing in on all sides' a very extensive
level surface, together with very ex
tensive water front facilities where ship
and car can conne together.
The editorial upon "Yerba Buena Isl
and," which appeared in yesterday's
Call, has attracted the attention of
some of the thinking men of the city.
E. W. Hopkins, the^capitalist and pio
neer resident of the community, in
dorses The Call's sentiment in the fol
lowing communication: •
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 28, 1901.
Editor San Francisco Call— Sir: I
rf ad with much interest in The Call
of this morning your editorial "Yerba
Buena Island." the closing sentence of
which, viz.: "That istand of right be
longs to San Francisco; it is needed for
our commerce and the sooner we get it
the better," is an Important statement
of, fact and there should be no two
opinions in regard to it.
Concurs With The Call.
Germany and England arc greatly exercised because
of horrible atrocities being perpetrated upon their sub
jects by the savage natives of South Africa. Still it is
not difficult to read quickly an effect from a cause in the
wretched affair. The natives of South Africa have been
taught the very refinement of x savagery from the so
called civilized pepples that |-hayc made the land their
conquest. . s
T VT l^L B CaIlfornl » Blace fruits and
0 . a A D oun <l. »n artistic flre
etcned boxes. A nice present fnr Fj.t.m
friends. 715 Market St.. above clll bld|. •
. Special information supplied dally to
S^Tn.!lS U8ea T> and P u »>»c men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen 9). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main i(Mi •
ring partner and yourself divide the
expense, or if you can induce some oth
cr boys in the neighborhood to join you
in the purchase, it quickly becomes
easier. You may even be able to pick
up a good second-hand outfit for half
the sum I have named.
• • •
If you cannot afford this buy a "dou
ble-ender" bag. A "double-ender" will
c ost from S3 cents to $2. It has no plat
form, but fastens (at one end. with a
rope and «t the other with an elastic
i-ord; to the top and bottom of a door
v.ay. Screws and staples are provided
with ft. and the bag can be adjusted
to whatsoever height its *iser prefers.
One staple is screwed at the top, tho
other at the bottom of the doorway in
*uch manner as not to Interfere with
the opening or closing of the door. The
bag should hang at the height of the
user's throat. . The apparatus can be
put up or .removed in half a minute.
The bag: may be inflated (it must never
be flabby) by blowing Into it or by
means of a bicycle pump. The ¦"dou
ble-ender" is most useful to persons
xi.hr> have limited space in which to ex-
Tci.se and whose neighbors object to
nolKO. -
The "platform" entails the use of
a "singie-ender" bag. A ring platform,
consisting of an Iron or wooden ring,
from the center of which the bae is
CORRECT POSE WHEN
PUNCHING THE BAG.
TERBA MATE— Sutter Club. Sacra
mento^ Cal. Yerba mate- or Paraguay
tea, is used exclusively In South Amer
ica as a substitute for tea. It consists
of the leaves and green shoot3 of a cer
tain species of the holly. The latin
name of this species is Ilex Faracuay
ensis. The leafy portion Is reduced to
a coarse powder, and the twigs being
In a more or less broken state. The
term mate was originally from the lan
guage of the Incas and was "yerva de
mate," but in time yerva'was dropped.
In later years yerba. meaning herb,
was substituted. The term mate, which
by usage has attached to the so-called
tea, .13 the Incas name for gourds or
calabashes. In such vessels, often
trained into curious forms during
growth, a small quantity of the leaves
and twigs are placed and Infused with
boiling water. The equivalent of the
term yerba do mate is the herb of the
gourd or calabash. In South America
the loving cup principle applies to the
tea. The gourd or calabash in which It
is infused is brought to those who in
tend to imbibe. Each is provided with
a small tube about eight Inches in
length called a bombilla, mad& o f bas
ket work of wonderful fineness to act
as a strainer and prevent the fine parti
cles from being drawn into the mouth.
He dips In this instrument and sucks
up a sm«" portion of the Infusion,
then passes the mate on to the next
person. It is usual to drink it exceed
ingly hot. Its effect is the same as
tea, stimulating and restorative, having
a large proportion of the principle
thine that 13 found In coffee and in tea,
IN the annual report upon the conditions in the de
partment under his charge which Postmaster Gen
eral H. C. Paj'ne has just submitted to the President,
several deficiencies in the workings of the .postoffice arc
pointed out and strong recommendations made for im
proved methods of operation. Payne pays especial at
tention to the recently organized system of rural free de
livery, reporting it to be in. the main proficient, but urg
ing changes which will render its operations of wider
and more perfect application.
One of the results of the rural free delivery system,
according to the Postmaster General, is to render more
imperative the necessity ,of providing for the transmission
of small sums through the medium of' postal orders.
"As the rural free delivery service- has been extended,"
says Payne," "the number of letters carrying small
amounts of. currency has greatly increased. \ At present
there is no convenient method provided in the rural dis
tricts for: making such remittance through the mails ex
cept in currency or. postage stamps,, and such currency
and stamp remittances are a constant temptation to those
handling them." .('."¦
¦' A serious defect in the operation of the rural delivery
system is noted by the Postmaster General. He; reports
that the privilege accorded rural carriers of doing ex
press package business for their individual profit and
aside from their duties in the Government employ has
resulted, in many instances, in the carriers neglecting
their mail delivery for the more lucrative opportunities
offered by the private delivery business. In one instance
Paj r ne reports that the rural carriers-'organized and ex
acted weekly toll from the publishers "of newspapers to
insure the delivery of their papers. The head of the
postoffice recommends that cither the compensation of
$600 a year now paid. to the rural carriers be raised and
t!:j express package business be 'prohibited, or that the
contract system be inaugurated if the present privilege is
allowed to remain. On account of the unequal opportu
nities for carrying on the auxiliary, express business
which exist in different sections of the country, Payne's
first suggestion seems to be the most fair. to all con
cerned and best calculated to insure better seryice.*.
For Porto" Rico Payne has a very commendable •sug
gestion. It is that Congress authorize /the -MJ5toffi ces
Albatross Cakezvalk.
In the Laysan Islands of the Pacific
the albatross is very tame and very
abundant. A naturalist, in an exchange,
thus describes the so-called dance or
"cakewalk," as . the. sailors call it, of
these interesting birds: "Two alba
trosses approach each other bowing
profoundly and stepping rather heav
ily. They circle around each other
nodding solemnly all the time. Next
they fence a little, crossing bills and
whetting them together, peeking mean
while and dropping stiff little blows.
Suddenly "one lifts its closed wing and
nibbles at the feather underneath, or,
rarely, if in a hurry, merely turns its
head and tucks its bill under its wing.
The other bird during this short per
formance assumes a statuesque pose
and cither looks mechanically from
fiide to side or snaps its bill loudly a
fovr times.- Then the first bird bows
once and, pointing its head and beak
straight upward, rises on its toes, puffs
out its breast and utters a prolonged
nasal groan, the ether bird snapping
its bill loudly and rapidly at the same
time. When they have finished they
begin bowing at each other again, al
most always rapidly and alternately,
and presently repeat the performance.
"Sometimes three of the birds will
engage in the play, one dividing its
attention between two. They are al
ways most polite, never losing . their
temper or offering any violence. They
begin bowing and walking about as
if their very lives depended upon it.
If (rnc stands where albatrosses are
reasonably abundant he can see as
many as twenty couples hard at work
bowing and groaning: on all Bides, and
paying not the slightest attention to his
presence. When walking through the
grassy portions of the Island' I have
seen white heads bobbing up and down
above the green, as solitary pairs were
amusing themselves away from the
larger conerecatlons of their kind. If
I walked up to them they would stop
and gaze In « deprecating way arid
walk off, bowing . still, with one eye
in my direction. Having reached what
they considered a respectful distance,
they would fall to and resume their
play,"
POSTMASTER GENERAL'S REPORT.
STOLEN MONEY— Subscriber. City.
If a man steals money, is arrested, ccn
victed of larceny and serves a term in
prison for the crime of larceny it does
not give him a'claim to the rrioney after
he has been released.^^If the stolen
money is found on his person or under
his control after his release from prison
It can be taken from him by the aii
thorities and in process of law be re
stored to the one from whom It was
stolen. **¦
A Bashful Muse.
It is not generally known that Attor
ney Charles S. Wheeler is a writer of
no mean ability. The • following . re
markably strong though grisly poem of
his was printed in the Argonaut In 1885
under his initials only and the author
ship would have probably remained a
secret with the editor had not some
perfidious friend dragged the Wheeler
muse into the open:
THE RULING PASSION.
Full many a dank, unwholesome fume
Hung o'er the grim dissecting room,
Where, all. intent upon his toil.
With no companion but the grim.
Cold being 1 that confronted him,
A student burned the midnight oil.
•
The "subject" over which he bent
Had shielded as its tenement
A fallen soul. One of the kind
Who, hiding from the social frown.
Renounced the wide world for the town.
To honor lost, to virtue blind.
Her rigid arm was raised upright
So that the flesh might best Invite
The student's knife. With eager eye
He followed nerve and muscle spare,
Laid ganglia and membrane bare,-
With headTjpnt to his "subject" nigh.
He cut a cord. The upraised arm
Drawn downward and with gruesome
charm
His neck embraced with amorous fold
"The ruling passion strong in death."
Th.> surgeon muttered 'ncath his breath;
Then grimly smiled and loosed its
hold. •
THE echo of denunciation of the President as the
friend of Russia has hardly subsided before, from
the same source, comes another attack that is in
teresting because of its novelty. A Southern writer has
found the key to the future. lie declares that our foreign
policy is the only live question of the day, and desires no
platform for the Democracy but Washington's Farewell
Address.
In explanation he adds: "Of course before the election
the administration is for neutrality between Russia and
Japan. Next year it will not be. England is using the
puffed up and obtuse Japanese as she wishes to use us.
The Roosevelt wing of the Republican party will do as
England wants done. There is no treason to our race
among the Pacific Coast people; and if Democrats will
leave 16 to 1 in cold storage for the present, the hatred of
Californians, Oregonians and Washingtonians for the
Japanese will carry those States against, an administra
tion that is helping the yellow and hindering the white
party to the Russo-Japanese trouble."
There you are! Just now the President was accused of
backing Russia and that lead was worked out, and now
comes this distinguished and learned doctor of interna
tional law to declare that the merits of a controversy are
not to : be sought in the principles involved, but in the
color/of the parties!
; The country is asked to put the Democratic party in s
'power because it will'adopt that simple rule in interna-
I tional affairs and probably mob-in Washington the lega
tions of Siani,\ China, Japan, Persia and. Turkey, and
send their Ministers out of the country clad in a close
fitting suit of feathers and tar. The writer is another
witness to the sad decadence of a party that ruled the
country for sixty years, and their in 1896 crawled into \
silver mine and died. - .
A New York banker, inspired, he says, by mysterious
influences operating in his stomach, wants to kill Presi
dent Roosevelt. He should possess himself in patience.
Hepburn's pure food bill will sopn be a law and the stom
ach as an incentive to murder will be modified.
WHITE AND YELLOW.
Ansivers to Queries.
AUSTRIA— A. O. S., City. The im
perial and royal family of Austria de
scends from Rudolph von Hapsburg.
who was born In 121S and was chosen
Emperor in 1273. The last representa
tive in the male line was Karl VI, who
died in 1740.
Japan and Russia are again at a diplomatic deadlock.
Both^of them have evidently reached the conclusion of
the rest of us, that to have a pretension and to justify it
is the audacity of force, but -to be unworthy of. one's
own pretensions raises contempt and ridicule.
jnan as it is to the pugilist. It imparts
grace, quickness and accuracy, while
strengthening every muscle, developing
the figure and affording inestimable
aid to the lungs and circulation.
For persons in "all walks of life bag
punching is desirable. For a boxer It
is a necessity.
• • •
The whole apparatus required will
cost little. The money you would other
wise spend on candy, cigarettes, theater
tickets ».nd expensive lunches will in a
very short time amount to a sufficiently
)?rge sum to buy the whole outfit. And,
once bought, it will last for years.
I use daily a punching bag and "plat
form" that I bought three years ag-j.
Both have stood the heaviest sort of
hitting, and both are still in excellent
cunditon. You can, of course, pay
fancy sums for such an outfit, but large
expenditure is unnecessary. . .
Here Is an "outside estimate" of the
cost:
One punching bag: $1 &*
On* "irtatform" 5 00
Safh cord 25
P*ir cr "striking" eloves 50
Total cost ¦?" 25
If you are financially situated as I
wae at your age J7 25 will look like a
decidedly large sum. But if your spar
• »„
Umbrellas in Rank.
In Java the umbrellas of the Sultan
and the Dutch Governor General are
covered entirely with gold embroidery;
then those of the Princes possess a few
threads less tinsel, and so on down
from the higher nobles until the ordi
nary citizen walks abroad with an um
brella on which there is no gold at all.
As this law applies also to the um
brellas of the Javanese ladies,- one can
happily perceive at a glance "who's
who" among them. Personages of dis
tinction in Java, however, never carry
their own umbrellas. A Cabinet min
ister of the Sultan is always attended
by his umbrella bearer, who holds the
emblem of rank over his master's head,
marching in a kind of procession. But
should the servant be merely going to
meet his master he bears the umbrella
over his shoulder with the same dig
nity, though closed instead of open.
The furled umbrella is still emblematic
of its owner's rank.— Four Track News.
THE TWO STYLES OF
PUNCHING BAGS.
German Africa.
German Southwest Africa, where
there are now two native insurrections
going- on at widely separated points, is
a domain greater in extent than the
Transvaal and the Orange River Col
ony put together — much larger, in fact,
than the German empire. Yet In it all.
at last accounts, there were but 1557
Germans besides the military force, and
all the German bona flae settlers had
been lured into the country by advance
loans from the Government of 4000
marks each. Nevertheless there is the
promise in the region of a substantial
colonial development eventually. The
natives have been troublesome ever
since Germany took the country, a ris
ing of these same Herero blacks who
are now in revolt having been sup
pressed In 1896 at considerable cost of
blood and treasure.
Saved.
Soldiers whose terms of enlistment
expire in the Philippines are frequently
paid off with a good round sum, repre
senting the savings of three years in
the army and Uncle Sam's liberal pro
vision for the expense of the Journey
to the place of enlistment, or "travel
pay," as it is officially called. When
the ex-soldier finds himself* a free agent
In a lively seaport city like San Fran
cisco, his pockets bulging with coin and
the memory of three years' rigid dis
cipline and a tedious voyage" across the
Pacific as an excuse, it is not strange
that the time-expired man should feel
at liberty to make his new-found and
well-financed freedom the occasion for
celebration.
The harbor police not long ago found
one of these ex-soldiers lying uncon
scious in the gutter. He had money in
every pocket and when the drink
soaked veteran was carried to his cell
the station keeper counted the coin
found on his person and it footed Just
*4S0.
The soldier was taken later to the
Hall of Justice and in due course slept
off his jag and was discharged from
custody.
Three weeks later a very hungry,
dirty, ragged and despondent soldier
dropped in at the Harbor police station.
"My name is Blank. I was arrested
for drunk three weeks ago. Had a
good knife before I got loaded. If
you've got it, Sergeant, for God's sake
let me have it or give me. half a dollar
and keep it. I'm starving."
Sergeant Cullom looked up the rec
ord.
"Yes, we've got your knife. I'll give
you an order for it. But say. why
haven't you been after your money?" ¦
"Money! Did I have any money?"
. "Only $480. Here's an order for the
whole business."
"Four-hundred-and You're not
joshing me? I'm awake, ain't I? Four
hundred. Say.tSarge', I've been living
on three doughnuts a day for the last
two weeks; wag going to jump into the
bay just now, when I remembered that
knife. Four hundred bones! Holy
smoke! And the jag I had. It's, now
Private Blank, capitalist, and riveted
on the water wagori. Jee-rusalem!
Four hundred !"
THE Democratic party seems to have what is called
¦down South "a hant," by which name are* known
all the sights and sounds to which superstition
gives a fearful meaning.. A man who is supposed to be
under supernatural discipline is not said to be haunted,
but to have "a haut." Not long ago in Virginia a negro
girl died, and soon after a negro woman next door had
"a hant" and died in hysterical fright. Very soon another
negro woman's fancy pictured- on the frosty window
pane the forms of t\vo dead women and a strange man,
and her "hant" threw her into a screaming fit that drew
the whole colored neighborhood, and they all had "a
hant," and the police had to come and quiet them.
The Democratic leaders in Congress have "a hant."
We believe that "our hypnotic Representative, Mr. Liver
nash, took it in the extra session. He was followed
about by the ghost of the prerogatives of the House and
conceived that they had been murdered at the White
House, -and their ¦ poor pale shades were castanetting
with their toothless jaws or jawless teeth, to induce him
to avenge them. From that start, one after another has
had "a hant." Senator Daniel sees on the frosty pane
the constitution lying dead, while the President dances
on its poor, and pitifully cold stomach. He takes hysterics
and screams: Then Senator Morgan looks up in the
swaying branches of the leafless sycamores and sees
death riding the pale horse.. He rushes into the Senate
to interpret his vision as "Roosevelt the man on horse
back," and in their hysteria the other^ who sympathize
with him don't know what to do, but think
that to keep the man on horseback from, com
ing we would better prohibit horses, and ' then,
of course, the man on horseback would have
to come on foot. Senator Carmack, looking at the
verdigris on the Goddess of Liberty over the dome of the
Capitol, thinks it is a shroud, and seeing one eye drop
out of the head of the Muse of History on the Peace
monument below runs wild-eyed to his seat and gets
recognized to announce the death of Liberty and the dis
ability of the Mu&£ of History as the work of the Presi
dent who goes around wiping things off the face of the
earth.
If it were real it would be of no higher rank than the
"hant" of the Virginia negroes. Washington and every
President since who, as a man of action, left a useful im
pression upon history and upon our institutions has been
the cause of "a hant" to hysterical politicians. Jefferson
destroyed the country, and so did Jackson, Polk, Lincoln,
Grant, Cleveland and McKinley, according to the politi
cal neurotics. Yet it seems to have survived several de
structions and is left beautiful to look upon, only that
Roosevelt may destroy it once more:
But while all of this hair-raising. "hant" goes on, the
quiet and sensible people of all parties are behind the
President, holding up his hands and telling him to build
the' canal and they will do the rest. ' >
Use of Punching Bag.
BT AI-UEP.T PAYSON TERHUNE,
Athletic Expert New York Evening World,
Author of '"Muscle rJulIdir.e," E-tc.
"" tOopyripfct. JftOi. by Joseph B. Bowlesi.
N'o boy can be a good boxer who does
rot understand (and constantly prac
tice) bag punching.
Bag punching is to the boxer what
scales and "exercises" are to the pian
ist; what a dictionary is to the student.
Not only does the punching bag teach
the best and easiest way of delivering
blows and of "getting out of the way,"
but it is also the best all-around form
of exercise I know of. It is as useful
to- the business man or the society wo-
railroad lines coming to San Francisco
via Oakland, thus giving among other
benefits the very important one of a
ten-minute ferry in place of our present
twenty-minute ferry with Its great
dangers and risks of loss of life, par
ticularly in foggy weatner. Let San
Francisco own and operate the Island
as a terminal on the same lines as tha
San Francisco water front Is now oper
ated by the State.
The daily press and the people of
both sides of the bay should be unani
mous in their desires and efforts to ac
quire the island in the Interest of the
trade and commerce of our State and
of the cities particularly benefited.
The harbor of San Francisco Bay,
with Terba Buena Island made avail
able for modern deep draught ships,
in connection with all railroads term
inating at that point, will have no
equal. Very sincerely,
E. W. HOPKINS.
POLITICAL HYSTERICS.
As executor of the Bennett estate William Jennings
Bryan has decided that his claim for $50,000 as a con
tested legatee is justified and he must be paid. There
seems to be only one element of success lacking in Mr.
Bryan's decision. Nobody else agrees with him. .
AN incomplete experiment in New 'Zealand has in
duced many economic doctrinaires in this country
to demand laws for the compulsory arbitration of
labor disputes. The extreme desirability of preventing
long and damaging strikes has induced a great many to
join in the demand without clearly understanding
what it means, in Massachusetts compulsory arbitration
and profit sharing were yoked together, and the Legisla
ture ordered a "commission of inquiry into both. This
commission has just reported against both propositions.
This was to have been expected by any one who is fa
miliar with the cause and genius of our social and politi
cal institutions. Compulsory arbitration means not
merely that "all disputes must be arbitrated, but that line
decision must be enforced. Suppose that in such a dis
pute the award is against workingmen, it would mean
that they must return to work for the other party to the
dispute on the terms fixed by the arbitrators. Such com
pulsion is a violation of the* natural and constitutional
rights of American citizens. Work on such terms is in
voluntary servitude. A man may contract his labor to
an employer, for certain hours and wages, observing that
contract as long as he chooses, but if he choose to quit
it is not within the capacity of any' court, nor of ' the
whole Government, to compel him to continue.
This fact has led to much misunderstanding and mis
taken judgment in the case of contracts entered into by
labor unions. They cover only hours and wages while
the men choose to work. They are within their rights
when they quit and refuse to continue unless other
hours or wages are conceded. The right to labor and
use one's skill and strength to the best advantage to him
self is a supreme and superior right, with which no
government has attempted to interfere. It is the right
which distinguishes freedom from servitude. When that
right is clearly understood and the high reasons for it
become familiar, one great cause of prejudice, and misun
derstanding will be removed. It seems so clear that
compulsory arbitration destroys that freedom that it is
strange that the idea ever got any headway in this coun
try. The right to work and to quit work must be free
from any arbitrary interference by government or indi
viduals, lest there be created a system of servitude to
one or the other.
A system of compulsory profit sharing is equally ob
jectionable. It was proposed that by law this should be
substituted for the present wage system. Such a method
would be compulsory extension of the law of partner
ship to the employes in any industry. It would mean
loss sharing as well as profit sharing, since it would sum
marily put an end to all business if the employer were
compelled to stand all the losses but to divide all the
profits. If the partnership were made equal, the homes
and property of the workmen would have to be pledged
for the borrowed capital upon which nine-tenths of the
country's business is done. In the nature of things the
workmen could not maintain oversight of the business,
as their skill lies in a different direction. As long as
there were profits to share it would go well with them,
but when there were no. profits it would mean that they
mUst continue working without any compensation at all,
which would be involuntary servitude. ., . ..
The two plans imply artificial and arbitrary interfer
ence with the rights of man. Neither is workable, and it
is to be hoped that the Massachusetts report will end
their discussion in this country. 'We have h^ad no condi
tion under our existing system that is not preferable to
either of them. Our history so far proves the superior
ity of institutions which protect every man in the pursuit
of his interests' and his happiness in his own way, unre
strained except by law.
We are well aware that we may be asked if an em
ployer have no security when he takes a contract based
upon the current time and wage scale, and may lose in
its performance by his workmen demanding more wages
and less hours? His protection is in the freedom of all
rpen to labor or to quit work. If his wage and time
scales are adjusted to the natural conditions, that free
dom is his protection. Indeed it protects him b etter
than compulsory arbitration would, bccause.no man will
put fidelity into his work when it is compulsory.
The Height of Infamy.
They were discussing the > daring of
the thieves and wharfrats that infest
all seaports. Somebody told the lime
juicer's mate how three of San Fran
cisco's choicest specimens had stolen
the fog bell from the end of Lombard
street wharf. ri;/-v-_ -"
"I halways thought Calcutta was
the worst blooming plice for thieves,"
said the mate.V'but s'help me if I don't
think London fakes the palm..
"We went alongside at Gravesend
at night the last time we was \>me.
We'd been waiting in the dark for a
boat to run our lines to- shore. One
'eaves in sight. I 'ails It.
" 'Urry up now, slowcoach.' Tike
this awser,' I says, 'eaving the end
into the boat as' it came alongside.
Off rows the boat and I starts paying
out 'awser. I pays and pays and pret
ty soon it's all out and splash goes the
end into the water.
"I 'ails the boat, tells 'em what's ap
pened and a .young feller answers.
'Hall right, matey. Give us a 'eaving
line and you can . 'aul back your
blooming 1 end.'
"I throws the 'eaving line. They
grabs it. snatches it out of my 'and
and that's the last I seen of 'awser or
'eaving line. Five minutes later the
boat that 'ad really been hengaged to
run our lines comes alongside, but
they couldn't find no trice of them
'awser thieves and the 'arbor police
just laughs and calls me greeney
w'en I re'ports the theft. London's
the plice for your jolly well artful
thieves."
COMPULSORY ARBITRATION.
suspended, is best for home use; the
flat "ceiling" being noisier and more
expensive. The bag should hang from
a rope Just long enough to allow the
center of the sphere to touch the plat
form. Wooden or iron supports come
with these platforms and can be
screwed to the wall at the . required
height. To further assure the platform
from "snringrins:" or getting shaky un
der the great strain put upon it, I re
enforced the supports of mine with two
heavy joists of wood.
The striking gloves (padded leather
mittens) prevents sprains and bruises,
and are an indispensable y»art of the
outfit.
• * *
Now for practical work.
Take up the first position in boxing,
left foot foremost, right toe about
eighteen inches behind left heel, knees
unbent, shoulders slightly back and
head erect. Each hand, when not in
use, should fall back to the regular
"en guard" pose. ,
Hit out with your left in the regular
"Jeft lead," striking the bag as nearly
as possible on the imaginary spot mid
way between tc-p and bottom. Throw
the weight of the shoulder and of the
body into the blow. As the bag is not
your sparring partner, you can "slug"
it with all your strength. By use of
the bag only can you give full force to
your blows, and determine accurately
your hitting power and scope of reach.
When you land this first blow the
bag will fly back against the ring of
the platform and will rebound.
If you are standing close to the plat
form at the time the bag will probably
strike you full in the face on the re
bound. To avoid this, move your head
quickly to one side, or else step back
out of reach.
Perhaps you think it is an easy mat
ter for a beginner to hit the punching
bag a straight blow and make it re
bound to the place whence it started.
If so, your first blow will undedeive
you. The bag will fly off at all sorts
of weird angles. It is difficult, until
you learn the trick by experience, to
hit the bag in such a way as to make
it strike the ring and return to the
desired point. A very little practice,
however, will teach you how to gauge
the force and direction of your blows.
Continue this left hand lead until you
can hit the bag on its return bound
and send it back again. Begin slowly.
Hit the bag with your left fist, just
hard enough to make it touch the op
posite side of the platform and bounce
back. Then, as it returns, hit it again
with your left. Increase the force of
your blows as rapidly as you are able
to make your accuracy in hitting keep
pace with them. If you cannot in the
beginning hit the bag on its first re
bound wait and hit it on fhe second.
When you have learned to hit it with
tolerable accuracy "with 1 the left lead
with the right instead, and go through
the same course of accustoming your
self to the bag's eccentric movement.
Then lead with the left, and as the
bag rebounds lead with the right, strik
ing it alternately with right and left.
You cannot at first strike these al
ternate blows "on the first rebound.
Strike therefore with the left and then
on the second rebound with the right,
and so on. Increasing the force of your
blows until the right-left, right-left, be
comes as quick and regular as the tick
of a watch.
Do not neglect the pose of the body or
the "form" of your blows when strik
ing the bag. Do not maul, slap or paw
it. Every blow must be struck with as
much precision and form as though it
were aimed at a human opponent.
* * •
Having mastered the "left-right" al
ternate blows, on the second rebound,
try (slowly at first) the same blows on
the firs.t rebound. This is known as the
tattoo. With sufficient practice you
can work this tattoo so rapidly that the
beat of the bag against fists and ring
will sound like the continuous roll of a
drum. Indeed, the tattoo is sometimes
called the "roll" and takes its name
from tiie sound made by drums rolling
out the military tattoo.
Thi3 subject will be continued in the
next article.
on that island to conduct a postal savings business so
that natives may find a safe depository for their small
savings and receive in addition a small interest upon
their money. It is not the rule, probably, that the native
son of that balmy isle is greatly worried over any surplus
which he may have in this world's goods, but since
stockings are not a common article of personal wear
down there, it is wise that the thrifty Carib be provided
with some place where he can safely store his surplus
peso.
THE S.vN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY. JANUARY 20. 11)04.
THE SAN FRAN GISCQ CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ......... .Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office *. <j|^^^^fe) '. Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY . • '. V. .'.V . . . . JANUARY 29, 1904
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Mail Sack in a Creek lied.
! SAN LUIS OBIKPO. Jan. 28. — An
' empty United States mail sack was
found in the creek bed in this city
early this morning by J. L. Faulkner.
Not much Importance is attached to
j the matter, however, from the fact
i that the sack was not used for flrst
! class mail and could not have con
' taincd much of value. The sack had
j evidently been lost for some days, as
the hasp had rusted. The label was
marked "Los Olivos and San Luis
I Oblspo." but bore no stamp or date.
» ? »
! The average Frenchman eats 428
pounds of bread a year.
Orders Report Great I»rocrrcs«.
The order of Daughters of the King
and th«* Brotherhood of St. Andrew in
tho diocese of California held their
joint meeting in Grace Church last
night under the presidency of Bishop
Nichols. Thero was a large attend
ance of both the junior and senior
members of tho orders and the reports
showed conditions that had never be
fore reached the same high state of
Eatisfaction.
Mrs. Knauer Withdraws Petition.
Marie Knauer. who is accused of
having married aged Ferdinand
Knauer for his money and, of, securing
it by means of trickp and devices, yes
terday withdrew her petition for par
tial distribution to her of the estate
of Knauer. Her action simply de
lays the trial of the contest of
Knauer's will, which was instituted
by his relatives when they learned
that shortly before his death he had
made a will bequeathing to his wife
of a few months his entire estate, es
timated to be worth $60,000.
' ground; but instead the band will play
• at the tea to be given between 2 and 6
o'clock in the hopro-om for the benefit
of a most worthy charitable object.
Much interest Is being manifested in
i the drill on Monday morning by the
Vinth Cavalry, at the conclusion of
which it will attack the light battery
in the hills near the point.
Besides the regular drills of all the
troops stationed at the Presidio yes
terday th*» 4-fficers and men of the Sig
nal Corps were at practice in the after-
Maj"r and Mrs. John R. Williams and
Miss Wlliiams arc at present the guests
of Captain Ira A. Hayncs. •
Reception committee — R. L. Apple,
D. Zirkle. J. H. Donohoe, W. J. Mur
phy. J. V. Collins, E. L. Sawyer, M.
Cashman, P. Bishop, L. B. Derre, T.
Wallace, D. Foley, D. F. Supple, J. T.
Morris, G. E. Drum, F. B. Sullivan.
Floor committee — A. Leibscher,
floor manager; C. J. Bellman, W. V.
Wise, assistants; J. J. Glover, D. H.
Burson, G. D. Bell, T. F. . Flaherty,
Ed J. McSorley, J. Meyerstein, A. S.
J. Woods. D. B. Dwyer, G. B. McCar
thy. T. V. Krohn, II. Lageman, D.
Redmond.
What promises to be the most suc
cessful affair ever given under the
auspices of the San Francisco Post
ofllce Clerks' Association will be held
to-morrow night at Native Sons' Hall.
Very careful attention has been given
<o all the arrangements and the post
office boys look forward to a very en
joyable evening with their friends.
Novel and suitable decorations have
been arranged for and a splendid or
chestra will discourse dance music.
Following are the officers of the asso
ciation and the committees in charge
of the affair: James E. Power, pres
ident; D. B. Dwyer, first vice presi
dent; A. Liebscher, second vice pres
ident; J. J. McNaughton, third vice
president; A. S. J. WoSds, recording
secretary: George S. Feely, Alex Im
brie, A. L. Apple, executive commit
tee: Warren King, sergeant at arms.
Committee of arrangements — J. J.
McNaughton, A. Leibscher, J. E..Pow
er. A. R. Imbrie, H. J. Caveney, W.
King, J. L. Sullivan. F. Haase, W. Mc-
Leod, W. E. Murphy.
The officers and executive commit
tee of the Jewish Ladies* Relief Soci
ety held their annual meeting yester
day afternoon at the headquarters of
the institution, 436 O'Farrell street.
After the roll had been called the fol
lowing officers were elected to hold
offlce during the coming year:
President, Mrs. Henry Wagenheim:
vice president, Mrs. Louise Goodman;
secretary ," Meyer H. Levy; treasurer,
Mrs. S. Wagenheim; collector, David
Michael: board of trustees, Mrs. F. A.
Haber. Mrs. Hugo Rothohild, Mrs.
George Creenzweig. Mrs. S. Schwa
bacher. Mrs. Henry Sinsheimer and
Mrs. Juda Newman.
The report "of, the secretary showed
that the institution was in debt to a
small amount. More than $4000 had
been received during the year and all
this had been distributed toerether with
about $4 25 more for charitable pur
poses.
LADIES OF JEWISH RELIEF
SOCIETY CHOOSE OFFICERS
POSTAL CLERKS k PROMISE
GOOD TIME TO THEIR GUESTS
SUNRISE, "Wyo., Jan. 28.i-Northern
Laramie County is in a tumult of ex
citement over a bonanza gold strike
made this week In Muskrat Canyon.
Prospectors are flowing into the dis
trict by scores and every foot of ground
for. miles around is being staked. A
true 'fissure vein of gold quartz was
opened up and assays have shown val
ues running more than $2000 a ton in
gold.
iij
Prospectors Arc Flocking Into the
Muskrat Canyon and Every Foot
of Ground Is Being Staked.
BONANZA GOLD STRIKE
IS MADE IX WYOMING
This startling statement by Dr. A. D.
Bevan, who stands high in the profes
sion, has stirred up the members of the
Chicago Medical Society at their meet
ing. Several physicians sprang to their
feet to protest against . this arraign
ment. All had to admit, however, that
there is no definite remedy known and
they based their protests solely on the
contention that they might influence
the ratlent favorably by easing some
what and by the moral effect of their
presence.
CHICAGO, Jan. 2S.— 'JDrug treatment
is useless in cases of pneumonia. The
medical profession, so far as medicines
are concerned, can be of no assistance
in* the fight against this disease. The
sooner the profession will acknowledge
this to the public and set to work to
discover some specific to save pneu
monia patients, the better for all con
cerned."
Physician Who Stands High In His
Profession Makes Startling
Statement.
DRUGS ARE OF XO AVAIL
IX CASES OF PXEUMOXIA
Let us fit your hand to a Waterman,
Regal or Marshall fountain pen. Price
J1.00 to J5.00 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co.*
BADLY INJURED MAX CLIXGS
TO COWCATCHER OF ENGINE
Victim of a Railroad Accident * Just
Outside of Chicago Passes Through^
a Terrible Experience.
CHICAGO, Jan. 28.— "Block the lim
ited! There's a man on the cow
catcher." This message, flashed along:
the Pennsylvania line, told the story of
a railroad accident just outside of Chi
cago which nearl/ cost a man's life
and which trainmen say was almost
unprecedented in their experience.
John Hancrow, while crossing the
tracks in Park Manor, was caught from
his i'ef t, hurled in the air, recaught on
the cowcatcher, and while the train
sped on nearly a mile a minute, be
Saved himself by wrapping his arms
around the iron be*am in front of the
enjfin?. Two 'of his ribs and one of his
less -viTe broken, vet in spite of a
freezing temperature, he clung for
four miles, unable to get a signal io
the engineer and fireman, who were
only a few feet behind him. Not until
telephone messages were sent ahea^l
and the train "was stopped by signal at
the River Line Station, was the man
rescued. Hancrow will probably re
cover.
Canada to Have Better Mall Service.
LONDON, Jan.. 28.— It .'s announced
here that the Canadian Government
haa made a contract with the Allan line
c" steamships for an improved mall
service between Canada and Great
Britain, to commence next August. The
British terminus of the service will be
Moville, Ireland, the - ear round, while
the Canadian terminus will be Quebec
in the summer and St. Jo.m, N. B., in
the winter. The subsidy is $10,000 a
round trip for the turbine vessels and
$5000 for the slower vessels.
Surgeon Experiments . With Radium.
VIENNA, Jan. 28.— Professor Gusen
bauer. one of the leading surgeo. ; of
Austria, has conducted successfully
experiments with radiui- for enlarge
ment of the gullet in cases of cancer
ous contraction of the esophagus,
thereby obviating the necessity of re
course to artificial nourishment.
Murder Suspect Is Released.
LOUISVILLE, Kyi, Jan. 28.— Harry
Behr, who was arrested yesterday as a
suspect in the Schafer murder case,
was released to-day upon assurances
from the Chief of Police of < Memphis
that he knew nothing of the crime.
The Governor attempted to quell the
disturbance, but he was stoned, pur
sued and obliged to seek refuge in the
palace. The authorities finally Induced
them to withdraw on the promise of
temporary withdrawal of the obnoxious
coinage. .
TANGIER, Morocco, Jan. S3.— Morocco
City has been the scene of serious dis
turbances in consequence of the Gov
ernment's attempt to force the circu
lation of new and unpopular copper
coins, on which it placed an ' artificial
value and which it is to receive in pay
ment of taxes. Business was paralyzed,
provisions became scarce and starva
tion waa threatened.
A mob, therefore, rose and first at
tacked the Christian Cemetery, lately
driven by the Sultan to the foreign mis
sions; burned down the gates, desecra
ted the graves, exhumed the bodies, cut
off their heads and paraded the town
with the heads stuck on poles. The
rioters proceeded to the Jewish quarter
with the object of destroying it, but
they found the gates closed and strong
ly guarded. The Jews were panic
stricken until they found that the pro
tection of the authorities was effective.
The rabble subsequently looted the jew
elers' shops, robbing and wounding
many Jews.
After sentence had been pronounced
Wright, when asked if some one had
not better telephone the verdict to Mrs.
Wright, replied:
"No; there is plenty of time for
that."
Taking out his watch and chain
Wright handed them to Eyre, saying:
"I shall not have any use for this in
that place," meaning the prison. "I
give them to you. Eyre. Keep It for
me."
After Wright had taken the poison,
holding a glass of whisky and water in
his hand and sipping its contents, he
said:
"Waters, give me another cigar."
Waters took up Wright's cigar case,
which was lying on a table, and Wright
deliberately cut the end off a cigar and
struck a match. Just as he was going
to light the cigar Wright flung the
match from him, sank back uncon
scious and died without uttering an
other word.
LONDON, Jan. 2S.— "Suicide" was the
verdict passed by the Coroner's jury
to-day in the closing chapter of the
tragedy of Whitaker Wright. His
death was caused by poisoning by cya
nide of potassium. From j the evidence
at the inquest it was shown that
Wright had determine'd to take his own
life in the event of an adverse verdict,
and that he went to court with a cya
nide tabloid in his possession, while in
his hip pocket was a new revolver fully
loaded and even ctfeiced. After the
sentence Wright went to the lavatory,
while the tipstaff in attendance upon
him remained outPide. There he swal
lowed the tabloid. Returning to the
consulting room he washed down the
poison with, whisky and water. One
of the last things Wright said was:
"This is British justice." ¦
Ironical Comment Upon the
Verdict Before Convicted Man
Falls to Floor Unconscious
Mob Exhumes and Mutilates
Bodies of Christians and Then
Robs and Wounds Many Jews
An attempt was made on the
' seventh ballot to break the deadlock
i and nominate another candidate, but
! Bishop Nichols ruled the motion out
! of order, as the convention had pre
| viously declared itself in favor of clos-
I ing the nominations. A motion to re
i consider the vote to close nominations
j was put and defeated and the ballot
' ing went on. Finally Rev. Mr. Wjl
, son secured the necessary two-thirds
! vote of the clergy and laity and was
I declared elected as a delegate to the
! general convention.
RESULTS OF ELECTIONS.
The result of the elections held yes
: terday and on the previous day was
\ as follows:
Delegates to the general convention'
I — Clerical deputies. Revs, F. W.
Clampett, Archdeacon J. A. Emery, E.
JL. Parsons, M. D. .Wilson; lay depu
ties, George E. Butler, A, N. Drown,
C. D. Haven. W. A. M. Van Bokkelen.
Alternate delegates to the general
i convention — Clerical .alternates, Revs.
i Hobart Chetwood. N. B. W. Gallwey,
' L. C. Sanford, B. M. Weedon; lay al
: ternates, Francis Avery, W. E. F. Deal,
! H. R. Fairclough. Vincent Neale.
S Standing committee — Revs. John
Bakewell. F. W. Clampett; lay mem
bers, William Babcock, A%-N. Drown,
C. D. Haven. L. M. Ringwalt.
Diocesan Board of Missions — Revs.
N. B. W. Gallwey, Clifton Macon, L.
C. Sanford; lay members, Robert
Bruce, G. E. Butler, Brace Hayden,
W. Mintzer.
Board of directors — Francis Avery,
A. N. Drown, W. E. F. Deal, W. A. M.
Van Bokkelen. Herbert Folger and
Rev. D. O. Kelley.
Delegates to Missionary Council —
Rev. W. A. Brewer; lay member,
George E. Butler.
BISHOFSS ANNUAL REPORT.
Bishop Nichols read his annual re- j
port to the convention giving an ac
count of his official acts during the
year. The Bishop reported as follows:
Persons confirmed, 732; adults baptized,
14; holy communion celebrated, 63
times: burials, 13; sermons delivered, I
So; addresses given, 163: various points
visited, 139; officiated in all,. 258 times.
The Bishop reported that he had
given canonical consent to the conse
cration to the episcopate of four bishops
and had ordained eight priests and a
number of deacons and lay-readers.
The Bishop referred in feeling terms
to the death of the presiding Bishop
of the church and five other Bishops
who passed away in the last year and
also paid a tribute to the memory of
, Rev. Dr. Foute, late rector of Grace
Church, and Major W. B. Hooper and
other prominent members of the dio
cese called bv death in 1303.
The Bisjjop then dealt w ith th-e
growth ofthe church in the diocese and
reported that it was in a healthy con
dition. The finances of the diocese did
not require any assistance from the
general fund of the church. •
The contest for fotirth place nar
rowed down between Revs. L.. C. San
ford and M. D. Wilson, secretary of
the convention. The clergy supported
Rev. Mr. Sanford, while the laity fav
ored Rev. Mr. Wilson.
Of the four clerical delegates to be
elected three were given the requisite
vote without any trouble." In the se
lection of the fourth cleric ten ballots
were necessary before a result was an
nounced.
A volume of business was transacted
yesterday at the closing session of the
fifty-fourth convention of the Episco
pal Diocese of California held at
Grace Church.
Considerable time was taken up in
the election of delegates who trill at
tend the general convention of the
church In Boston next October.
Under the rules of the diocese two
thirds of the clerical and lay votes
cast are necessary to elect. This rule
brought about a deadlock in the elec
tion of one clerical delegate to the
general convention.
The report of the Sunday-school
committee was presented by Rev. E.
L. Parson^ and outlined the lectures
for the present year.
The convention was then declared
closed, prayer being offered by Bishop
Nichols.
CANONS FOR CIIURCHWOMEN.
The commission formed to "draw up
the canons for the new "house of
churchwomen" reported that it had
met and organiaed. Bishop Nichols
was elected chairman of the commis
sion and W. A. M. Van Bokkelen sec
retary.
The committee on canons presented
its report favoring the adoption of
the amendments to the canons re
ferred to it at the first session of the
convention. The amendments were
published in The Call last Wednesday.
The convention adopted the amend
ments as suggested by the committee.
Votes of thanks were passed to the
local clergy, to the clergy and laity
of Grace Church and to the press of
San Francisco for respective cour
tesy extended to the convention.
The report of the advisory mis
sionary committee was presented by
Rev. W. A. Brewer and dealt with the
mission work in the Pacific Coast
district. The committee suggested
the payment of $770 toward the sal
ary of a secretary, the balance of the
salarv being paid by other dioceses in
the missionary district. After some
discussion the suggestion of the. com
mittee was passed by adoption of a
resolution.
A resolution \yas adopted that "The
Pacific Christian" be bought from
its present owner for the sum of $3000
and be used as the official paper of the
d'ocese. The funds for the purchase
have already been subscribed and will
be repaid from the profits of the news
paper.
Rev. N. B. W. Gallwey presented a
report on the charities maintained by
the diocese and showed that they
were all in a good condition, but that
more funds were needed to carry on
the work.
TO PURCHASE A NEWSPAPER.
Dean W. E. Shaw, secretary of the
special committee appointed some years
ago to handle the matter, reported that
a lot had been purchased for 514,000 and
that $4000 remained in the treasury.
He said that $30,000 would be required
tc erect a suitable residence f<5r the
Bishop.
In the discussion that followed the
report some of the delegates were in
clined to censure the special committee
for lack of energy in sequring funds
for the erection of the Bishop's house.
Dean Shaw explained that the majority
of the special committee was absent in
Europe and that it was difficult to got
a meeting.
A resolution was passed that the
committeee be requested to increase
its membership, as authorized, and
that it proceed to collect the sub
scriptions promised for the Bishop's
house and proceed with the work.
The new Bishop's house will be on
Webster street, near Pacific avenue.
Bishop Nichols suggested that tb.2
convention delegates should bring be
fore the Boston gathering the possi
bility of using the referendum to settle
the vexed question of ornaments and
ceremonials in church services. The
Bishop thought that the question migftt
be settled definitely and that it wouul
promote Christian unity.
Considerable time was taken up in
discussing the matter of erecting an
official residence in San Francisco fur
the Bishop of the diocese. /
Archdeacon Emery was complimented
his valuable work, which relieved
the Bishop of many arduous duties dur
ing the oast year.
Bishop Nichols suggested that the
delegates to the next general conven
tion in Boston should bring up at that
gathering the request of the San Jose
Convocation requesting permission to
use the revised version of the Scrip
tures at morning and evening prayer.
SrGGESTIONS ON RITUALISM.
GRAVES ARE DESECRATED
"THIS IS BRITISH JUSTICE"
Gathering — Bishop's Annual Report Read
iMany Ballots Taken to Decide Vacancy in
List of Delegates to Go to the General
Sorions Disturbances Occur in
Morocco City When Obnoxious
Coin Is Put in Circulation
Dramatic Incidents DurinG* the
Last Hours of Whitaker
Wright, the Promoter
The quartermaster's department has
received authority to lay board walks
all through the temporary camp at the
•r.trane* to the eates at the Presidio
find to replace the present old walks
with new planking. The improvements
r.-Ul cost about J2000. Work will be
commenced at once.
The regular band concert for to-day
*rlll- cot t£ke' place on the parade
v Jo* Wasrner will manage the post
team and Clinton R. Morse will look
after the business interests of the col
k'ire team.
The post, baseball team will cross
bats- on February 6 with the Alumni
team at the- Presidio Athletic Grounds.
The latter team is made up of players
vho have graduated from the Univer
sity of California and Stanford Uni
versity. This will be the beginning of
th*> series between the two teams.
BASKBAL.Li GAMKS
' The monthly .ield sports were of an
unusual)}- interesting character and
Cave a great amount of instructive
JMausernent to a larce number of town
i-eople. as veil as to those quartered at
the .post. The weather was perfect and
the grounds In first-class shape. Lieu
tenant Beauford R. Camp, in charge of
athletics at the. post, had arranged an
excellent orogramme, and under his
supervision it was most successfully
carried out.
Perhaps the greatest interest was
centered in the mounted athletic sports
or what is known in army life as the
• monkey drill." N
The participants in this ; were mem
bers of the colored troopers of the
Ninth Cavalry and members of the field
artillery.
The horses were brought on the field
barebacked and the different contest
ants made running jumps, alighting on
the horses* backs. Then from their
backs they would turn somersaults to
the ground and gro through all sorts of
tricks and gymnastics. The horses on
the whole behaved very well except in
the case of the animal belonging to
Private Smelly, Troop I, Ninth Cavalry,
which became fractious and unruly and
had to be taken frem the field. The
animal was replaced by a horse-seven
teen hands high, and although Smelly
is deemed one of the finest athletes in
the troop, he was at a great disadvan
tage owing to the size of the substituted
animal and failed to score.
Corporal Smith won the 220-yard dash.
Tim^. :ZK 2-5.
PACKING SIBLKY TEXTS.
. Packing the Sibley tents was inter
esting. The tents had been previously
pitched and at the firing of the pistol
the contending companies commenced
taking them down, rolling them up and
placing them in condition to be trans
ported from the field. The Ninety-sec
otid company was first and the Twen
ty-ninth second. Time. 1:52.
This rart of the programme was re-
Firicted to coast artillery companies
only.
.. In mounted athletes Private Conley,
Troop K. Ninth Cavalry, was first;
Private Wilson, Fifth Battery, fk-ld
artillery, second, and Private Williams.
Troop I. Xinth Cavalry, third.
The standing broad jump, without
weights, was won by Private Bphraim.
.Troop K, Nlmfa Cavalry. Score, ten
.Jcet -three inches. Private Smelly.
Troop I. Ninth Cavalry, won second
prize— score ten feet one and a half
inches, and Private Davis, Twenty
ninth Company, coast artillery, came
ihird, with. a. score of nine feet six •
inches. ;
Throwing of baseball/ confined to field
artillery and cavalry, was won by Mu
sician C'--nrad. Fifth Battalion, Field
Artillery.
.The running: broad Jump -was won by
Private Savens. First Battery, Field
Artillery. Score, 18 feet 10 inches.
The relay race was won by the
Twenty-seventh Company, Coast Ar
tillery.
The organization prize was won by
the Fifth Battery, Field Artillerv, with
12 points.
In the afternoon the officers' All-Pro-
Kidio baseball team played the visiting:
team* of colored enlisted men of the
Ninth Cavalry from Ord Barracks. The
latter wen with a score of 11 to 8. It
was the nrst time the present officers*
team' had played together, but from
the showing made yesterday it will
soon be able to put up a surprisingly
pood -game. The best work was done
by Lieutenant John H. Howard, catch
er, and Captain James W. Kinkley, I
pitcher.
The Presidio was in a lively siat<? all
<?ay yesterday from practically break of
flay to Fundo-.vTi. The main feature of
the clay was the field sports, and thes.?.
coupled with all the regular drills, kept
everybody in the post on the jump from
morning: until night.
Infnnii-y. Cavalry, Signal Corps
and Li slit Artillery All CJo
Tlironirh Ileavv Dailv Drills
A(TIMTV AT PRESIDIO
Enlisted Men Show Dexterity
in lirlu Snorts lo the KdiiVa
tiou of (roud of Spectators
RIOTERS STONE
THE GOVERNOR
AWAITS DEATH
WITHOUT FEAR
TROOPS JOIN
IN ATHLETICS
ELECTION CONTEST MARKS END
OF THE EPISCOPAL CONVENTION
'{HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 190-1.
Southern Sheriff Finds Suspect.
SAX BERNARDINO, Jan. 28.
George Sterling:, alias Joseph O'Brien,
alias J. Whitcbmb, wanted in San
Francisco for highway robbery, was
arrested here to-day by Sheriff
JUalphs. . ¦
. An attachment in the sum of
$2332 29 was served on the Claren
don Hotel. 543 Post street, by the
Sheriff yesterday at the instance of E.
H.- Madden, who has sued the Claren
don Company for the amount named.
Attaches Clarendon Hotel.
9
POSTTJM CEKEAL.
4 or 5 Days;
Without,
COFFEE
M-v show vou exiaiy what
?' causes your trouble.
\Cs worth more than a ton j
of coffee to feel wellandi
¦'comfortable again.
ItV.easy to quit coffee when , you
have a good, rich, steaming cup of .
Postum CoScc in its place, and the
I'ostuai iiuts «.nc a Ions: ways ahead
on the road to \VcII\-iIIe,- because it j
supplies the food elements that re- j
tmild the system colfcc has broken '
Thc.^e are eternal facts proven by
It pays to be well and happy. Try it..
ADVERTISE3LEXTS.
KODAK
.PK.iHtirij* -.
Developing
AT CUT BATES.
There Is no work of this kind done any-
where that excels mine, and I lead In low
prices. Here are a few fixures:
DEVELOPING.
Roll of 6 lOcjRolI of 12 15c
PRINTING.
Solto finish. 3c to 3e|Velox finish. 3c to 6e
I carry in stock all sizes of films for ko-
dak work. Size l\x2H. 8 exposures 15c.
12 exposures 25c; size 2Ux3U. 8 exposures
20c. 12 exposures 40c: size 2H*4H. 6 ex-
posures 25c, 12 exposures SOc; slie %Y A x\^\,
6 exposures 55c, 12 exposures 70c, and
many other sliea at low prices.
Mall orders promntly filled.
tsat KiH rrrzs,
F. W. PITTS. The Statlcner.
1008 Market street, afeov* Powell.
__
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mff . Co.,
28 California St., S. F. t sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
m •' rt vl n S3 8 n u
Paiarp dont fail to
1 aiaWW beautiful
t COURT Louaging
Qttn room, tire EMPIRE
ailll PALLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, tha
liniflu LOUIS XV PAR-
U i.-J~ DIESV WRITING
notels 1 room-
__'_-_' AMVSEMEXTS. - -
TIV0U8SS&
THIRD WEEK OF THE GREAT SUCCESS.
v When Johnny
Comes Marching Home,
A Military Spectacular Comte Opera br Stan-
islaus Stance and Julian ¦Sward*.
Martial Music.' ¦ Plctnresoue Scenery! North-
ern Soldiers and Southern Sweethisnta!
MATINEE BATURDAT.
In Preparation— "THE GYPS* BARON."
Usual Pocular Prices 23c. 60c and T5«
Box Seats 11.00
There j~~~ War
Will jl Between
Be j Japan and Russia
And T»iere Win Be Wax If Tou Fall t»- See
the BIsrHlt.
...THE BEAUTY SHOP.,.
But This and Xext Week — That's All.
The . One Excel!* nt Musical Comedy of the
Whole Tear.
Full Cp With Dellirhtful Sonrs. Specialties
and Novelties. T
Matinees Saturday aad Sunday. . -,-v .
Our "AH Star" Ca»t.
Monday. February f— "ROLY POLY." Flm
appearance of Nellie /Lynch.
Racing !p^^^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CXUft
Commencing January 4. . .
Raclrt Each Week Day. Rain or Shin*.
Six or More Baces Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p. m. ¦harp.
For special trains stopping at the track talc*
S. P. Ferry, loot of Market .street... at IX
12:30. l:0O. 1:30 or S o'clock. No smokins la
last two cars, which ar* reserved for ladles
and tbalr escorts.
Returning train* I»av« track ' at * 4:10 aad
4:15 and immediately after the last race. ¦
>- - THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. PrtaMeat
PERCY W. TREAT. S«cr«Un»- '. » . v". J
>-. ADVERTISEMENTS.
f The Importations for the Year 1903 of \
Champagne j
™*>~. . "I O"l K^5Q PAQFQ
WCrC p Jr. B fr B/aflB wMOK.0
GREATER, by nearly 20,000 cases
than ihe importaiions of \
any other brand.
The Extra Dry of the superb new vintage now arriving I
Vis conceded to be the choicest Champagne &
* produced this decade. //
' AMCSEMEXTS.
CALIFORNIA
J01 SSCOH9 WEEZ. C&^
W SEATS HOW S-nTiT.TTTO.
I] MR. EDWARD MORGAN
M And the entire original cast, exactly as
jrl seen during the five months' run at th j
IJ Victoria Theater. New York.
IJ IX HALL CAINE'S LATEST MAS-
IS j TERPIECE,
fi ...THE...
I ETERNAL CITY
ll SPECIAL PRICES— $1 50. $1.00. 75e.
ll Mr. "5c.
U Matinee prfces san» as for evening
fl p*rfrfrmanee«. CURTAIN PROMPTLY
ft AT 8. .. B
COLUMBIA Slis
TIIS fin I \ I HI83TLT.
»--* I\ wclcdimo tar.
Ksxr tm I { mat! sir.
Chinese
Honeymoon
Musical Comedy Hit of Immense Proportion*
t Nothing Mere Brilliant Ever Seen on the Stag*
In This Country-
Company of 100— Magnificent Effects.
February S— LOUIS JAMES and FREDER-
ICK WARDB.
A PRODIGIOUS PROGRAMME!
Johnny and Kmma Hay; Cordna and
Maud; Duffy, SautcIIe and Duffy;
Bolden and Florence; Last Times
of the Steln-Eretto Family; Stanley
and Wilson; Kelly and Violet te, and
Irving .Tones, and Orphtum .Motion
rtcturcs.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day; Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 25c
and 60c w
Matlaee To-Xorrow— Idurt Two VighUl
W. H. TURNER
In Julius Cahn'a Successful Production.
DAVID Jl ARUM.
BEQ1XNIXO NEXT SUNDAY MAT INK a
Joseph Arthur's Latest Success.
LOST RIVER
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Comlnr— WEBER AND FIELDS— February «.
ALCAZAR-H-a"
General Manager.
TIIE ALCAZAR'S VERY GREATEST AR-
TISTIC ACHIEVEMENT.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
TU C By Henry
Ft r Arthur Jon«s. »B
ImasquerIerO
A TREMENDOUS EMOTIONAL PLAY AND
SUPERBLY ACTED.
i Eves.. 25c to SOc. Mats. Sat. and Sun. lie to SOc
* Next Monday — First San Francisco product-
tion of the detishtfal romantic eomedy.i
A COLONIAL GIRL,
A9 Originally. Played by Virginia, Harned and
E. It Sothern.
CENTRAL*!?
,' Market St.; near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of xbm
Greatest of All Historical Dramas,
QUO VADIS
liO— PEOPLE IN CAST— 150
N«w Scenery! Gorgeous Costumes '.
Brilliant Electrical Effects!
PRICES — Evenings. 10c to &0c. Matinees.
10c. 15c. 23c. .
NEXT— "EAST LYNNE."
Montague's Cockatoo Circus
Aad a Oreat SHev Bt«t AXteraooa aaA
Srtatar ta th» Baa-tod Theater.
AMERICAN. CHINESE AND .PHIUPPINS
BABIES IN THE LVFANT INCUBATOR*.
Visit the Mjstic Mirror Maze.
BABY LEOFABS XV TVS BOO!
! Admission. 10c; Children. 5c.
When Phoning:, Ask for "The Chutej."
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL.
TO-NIGHT and TO-MORROW NIGHT at
8:13. Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
RIVELA ROYAL ITALIAN BAND
Marches, overture* and selections from tha
most popular Italian and* German operas.
Seats . SOc and 75c. at Sherman A Clay's
durlns the day and in the evening- at the box
ofHc* of the I.yrir- Hall.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEE YEAS,
_. ; - ; COTTOLENE.
H She is explaining to her Cook that Cottolene is better than Lard j
m for all Cooking and Baking Purposes. t ' £1
h Why does the Lady prefer Cottolene while the Cook prefers Lard? H
fl Because the Lady is Intelligent and the Cook is Ignorant. U
ll How does the Lady show her Intelligence? - a
If g Having convinced herself by Study and Experiment that Cotto- j
<h leneis the Best Shortening) she insists on having it used in her I
w How does the Cook show her Ignorance? H
II Having used Lard all her life, she refuses to make any change, p
g Moral: "Cooks aie Stubborn Things.!* I]
p Cottolene will be found at good grocers. Sold only in sailed palls. 20-page Cotto- . E3 '
gq ' lene Primer, illustrated in colors, from which above is one pace, scat free on request. M
f j Made only by THE I?. K. FAIRBAWK COMPANY, Dept. 260 - CHICAGO. HOAKLAND EACETBACX— THURSDAY, Jan. 2S.— Weather flnt. Trackjast.
587Q. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; 3<-IUn 8 ; 4-ypar-olds and up: val«<- to first- 5 - .
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. i; . VJ"! »;. Str. Fin. I Jockey. _ _2f;__iLl
5fJ° Ptnlash. 4 (L,. Jeunesa) 93 5 ... 5 1 4n 4 1 1 ns IKunz 7 "£ 9 \' y
C716 Emma Reubold. 4 (Appleby).. flU| 1 ... 8 2 6 <j .1 n 2 n jT. Cutler. .1 *" |U>
.;.. Steph, C (G. A. Stroud) 1111 C ... 3 1^3 Vi 2 h 3 5 W. *** vz
5.90 Polonius, 4 (Stewart & Co.).. I 9(i 10 ... U 12 8 14 >i W. Daly... ' v
C716 Alta G. 4 (Mrs. Hertzell).... 99 1?.. ... 11 2 9 U 7 »i 5 h Oliphant .. ™ \
51S7 Rublno. 5 (Ward & Kinp)... 110 11 ... 0 1 10 0 2 « (McKlnnon . . » ¦
•TC6 Maud Muller. 4 (Mrs. Miller) 91 0 ... 10 nil 110 2 7 2 Bowman -.- °" ,, 0
5714 Amoruna, 4 (P. McGulre) 01 3 ... 2h 2 1^5 1 8 'i Greenfield . . *» ,
Btm Argot. 6 <J. Y. Rich) ICO 8 ... 7 1^ 5 li I! h 92 Hildebrand »-- •
C654 Theodora L, 4 (P. E. Smith). |tO4|l2 ... 12 1 13 13 10 4 Larsen A ' 1O
, 3^C5 Adnor. 5 (F. Jones) |1O5| 2 ... 1 *; 1 H 1 »» ll - Folcy L" "J> 5O
5678? Reno Belle. 5 (Wa?hoe £table)|100| 7 ... 4 h T h 11 2 12 6 J- T. Shehn «" •
58i6 El Chihuahua. 5 (Spiers) |100| 4 ... tt 2 8 n 12 13 C. Smith... » ?"
55S2 Maraschino. 5 (E. J. Smith). J102JU ... 14 n 14 It *V. Pugan. »»_ 2.
Time— :24. -AS. 1:11. At post 5 minutes. OfTat 2:13 Benlash. place. 2: «how. 4-5; **'"!
bold, place. '4; show. 2. Steph. show. 12. Winner b. g by B«-n All-t-ye'-aab. irain. i
by L,. Jeuness. Start good. Won In a hard drive of three. With cl-ar saUm« "°™
the start Emma Reubold could have won. Kunz rode a strong finish on "*"""¦
Steph ran a good race and will do. With any sort of a ride Polonlua would nav»
won. AHa G also played in poor luck. Argot must be a fal5e °^"'\,^ OJ - 0 -»^^-^o-ur<-i-.
B871. SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; telling; 3-year-olda; value to first. 1325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. >,* . Vi. %¦ Str. Fin. j Jockey. _i_°_f;__£ll
CS14 Celebrant (Hamilton Stable). 112 .". 3 «i 3 1»^3 2»it "i 1 3 U- D»'y ® t
0801 Kleinwood (Moshler fc Co.).. 104 « 6 1^4 1>£4 3 4 4 2^ Laraen » '
6S47 Instructor (Boots & Co.) 97 2 1 n 2 2 2 1».,3 2 3 n Hildebrand ll-ltj »;»
5834 Keogh (P. Hildreth) 102 4 D % 5 1 5 y, 5 3 4 I J. Martin.. 1- j»
(579S) Lib. Candid (Appleby & Co.) 1O4I 5 4n 6 2146 7 6 15 B 2*ilT. Butler.. 1- -«
5814 Young Pepper (F. O'Rourke) 99|1 2«;ih In 2h 6 15 J. T. Shehn i -i-»
/5S5O Santa Xona. (San Joaqnln S.) 97j 7 7 7 7 7 7 .J. Jones. ... 50 1C*
Time — :24U. :4S*i 1:14 1:27. At post l^i minutes. Oft at 2:43^. Celebrant, place. 6-5;
Bhow, 2-5. Kleinwood. place. 0-2: show. 1. Instructor, show. 1-5. Winner, en. c. ny
' Bathampton-Ave Marie Trained by J. Glvens. Scratched — Telephone. Coroner »-eliy.
Start good. Won easily. Next two driving hard. Daly waited with winner to th»
stretch and then made his move. Klenwcod closed stronr. Instructor a good one to
paas up. Young Pepper Quit. • ._,_
C872i THIRD RACE — Futurity course; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index | ' Horse and Owner. WtiSt. U- Vi- ?*• Str. Fin* Jockey. OP- ct 
5S22 Whiskers, 5 (n. Wilson) 105 6 ... 4 h S 2^2 % 1 •* BeU 4 7-2
5822 Matt Hogan. a (Magrane) ... 11 1 1 ... 82 5 2!42 n Bullman .. 4 4
60"tt The Pride a (A. Neal) HO 4 ... 2 94 2 n In £ «; J. Martin.. 8 1]
(5346) My Surprise 4 (Mounce) 101 3 ... 1 »i 1 243 4 1 Hildebrand 3 «
5754 Tom Slavln. 6 (Clifford) 113 B ... 7 % 7 11,7 5 5 »i See 10 2»
6S22 Piekaway 4 f A. J. Jackson) . . »« 2 ... 3 2 4 \i, 4 n fi 2^ Oilphant .. 11-5 **
B41O Chileno. a (Blaslngame Bros.) 87 8 ... ei^On 6 n 7 12 ICrosswait* SO 1TO
4135 The Weaver. 5 (H. I. Wilson) |113 7 ... 8 S 8 8 jKlng 40 60
Time — :23?i. :47»i. 1:10. .At post 6H minute*. Off at 3:13% Whiskers, place. 7-5: show.
3-5. Hogan, place. 7-5; show. 8-5. Pride, ehow. B-2. Winner, it. g. by Zobalr-Bell*
of Lake II. Trained by A. Wilson. Scratched— Btpnnus, Goddess of Night. Modder.
Captivate. Bay Wonder. Titus. Start good. "Won in a drive of three. Away poorly.
Whiskers got through on the rail and It was not even a cloa* shave at the wire. Matt
Hogan ran his race. My Surprise quit. Piekaway lacked apeed.
BS73. FOURTH RACE— One-mlla and 70 yards; gelling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. S323.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. U . VT~ ?i- Str. Fin. Jockey. | Op. cf.
(56T,9) Caronal 4 (C. W Chappelle). 103 2 1 h 2 h 3 5 1*% 1 2%H. Stuart.. 7 1»
0826 The Fretter, a (F. CRourke) 101 4 2 1>41 h Ih 3 2^2 h Oliphant .. 10 1»
(5692) I Know 6 (P. E. Burnell)... 1C0 1 3 2 3 3 2 1%2 *i 3 n Larsen 6-5 4-S
5765 Horton. a (Blanch! & Co.) 101 3 7 7 63 43 4 3 Hildebrand 9-R 12-R
5837 Lscy Crawford. 4 (Schreiber) 96 7 5*i«4 B»;B4 55 IKunz KV 10
6815 Harry Beck. 6 (Lynch & Co.) OS . 6 4 h 4 h 7 6 4 6 10 \V. Daiy. .. 10 1«
¦ r ,69O Yellowstone. 5 (W. P. Fine). 104 6 8 4 . 5 Vj 4 *j 7 7 Folgy 25 .".0
Time — :25 :49V4. l:14*i. 1:40. 1:44. At post IH minutes. Off at 3:.16«4. Caronal. place.
5-2; show. 1. Fretter, place, 3; show, 1. I Know, show, out. Winner, b. h. by St.
Carlo-Orel'lana. Trained by C. W. Chappelle. Scratched — Komalne. Start good. Won
In a drive of four. Winner had more earlier speed than usual. The Fretter showed Im
provement. Larsen on I Know did not take advantage of the mare's early speed and sh»
quit when brought to a drive. Horton would have won if. not pocketed on the rail.
Harry Beck joking.
5S74.- FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs; selling: 4-year-olds and up; to first. $323.
Index Horse and Owner. iWtSt..'4. J /s- ?i- Str. Fin. j Jockey. | Op. Cl.
(55f)6) Double Six, C (Follansbee) ... 100 2 ... 2n 22 23 lh Larsen j 4 92
5851 Sad Sam. 6 (H. Green) 104 4 ... 12%ll%ll%2a Sherwood .7-10 7-tO
5851 St Winnifride. 4 i Painter). .| 101 1 ... 3 5!r( »1 4 2'.i3 h Foley 60 1O(>
5851 E. M. .Brattaln. 5 (J.D.Millin)llCO 5 ... 4 2Vi4 4 .1 n 4 *i iKun* « 5
(57C6)|Col. Van 6 (D S. Fountatn). 100! S ... 53 54 56 &7 HUdebrand ; 7 .= '. »
4C82 iTarrigan.' 4 (D. McCarty). . .| 95| 6 ... C 6 6 « |T. Butler.. 100 60O
Time — :23 1 / 4 :4S 1:05^4 At post 6 minute*. Off at 4:06. Six. place. 6-5: show. 3-5 Sam.
place 1-3; show. out. Winnifride. show, Z. Winner, b. m. by Domino-Gloaming. Train*-"!
by r! A. Smith Start good. Won In a drive of four. Double Six outgamed Sad Sam.
Latter did not get away flying as usual. Brattain away poorly. He ran a swell race.
Colonel Van could not get up.
P875. SIXTH RACE — One mile; purse; 4-yea r-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWt St. \i . Vt~ ?*. Str. Fin. ! Jockey. j Op. Cl.
6S49~ Jockey Club, 4 CW. Fisher).. 100 2 1 V, 1 «; 1 l%l 1 1 n Burns 9-1O 9-lft
(0815) Stilicho 4 (W. B. Jennings).. IK « H 3 «j 4 1 3 n 2 4 J. Martin.. B-2 13-ft
5671 Oorgalette 4 (J. Fitzgerald). 993 4h4n32 22 31 Kunz 7 S
5837 Rosarie 5 (C. W. Chappelle). 105 1 6 6 5 1%4 94 4 12 H. Stuart.. 15 20
5837 Reeves 4 (Lamasney Bros.).. 104 4 2 V* 2 V 3 2 n 5 10 5 6 Hildebrand 15 lrt
5778 I Mild. Schultz. B (H. I. Wilson) 111 5 .". h 5 2*46 6 6 Bullman .. 15 20
Time :25 :43U. 1:14%, 1:39^4. At post 4 minutes. Off at 4:29. Club, place. 1-2: show,
out. Stilicho place. 7-10; show. 1-3. Gorgalette. show. 3-5. Winner, b. h. by Brutus-
Keraphln Trained by W. Fisher. Scratched — Mocorito. Start good. Won In a b«r<J
drive Winner probably best, although Stilicho was bothered once by Reeves. Gcrga*
Iette outclassed. Rosarie cut off in stretch. Too far for Reeves. Mildred Schulta vu
sore. < .'- - : .
S^ii r0 « E^*5 < 2S ~ A jur y th«* afternoon
awarded Mark T. Haneman $5000 damapes
for a broken leg. Haneman. who was a driver
for - the . WeBtern Meat Company, received a
kick from a horse which It is claimed by him
was known by the company to be vicious.
The Sheriff wired to Montague In Sis
kiyou County and a dispatch received
lo-day stated that Constable Nlles had
arrested Douglass on the train at
Hornbrook.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 28.— Recently a
man named Douglass came here and
informed Mrs. D. Younglove that he
had $1000 and that if she added $200 he
would make her a partner in a whole
sale perfumery and toilet article store.
She gave him the money and he gave
her his note, saying that if she was
not satisfied at the end of thirty days
he would return her money.
Yesterday she learned that Douglass
with his wife and three children, had
left town. Warrants were sworn out and
Sheriff Trafton learned tickets for
Douglass and his family had been
bought for Portland, Ore.
Recent Santa Cruz Resident I* Ar
rested on a Train fn Northern
California.
WOMAN SAYS THE MAN
RAN AWAY WITIF COIN
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 28.
A. L. Trowbridge of Portland, Or.,
has been elected captain of the junior
class baseball team which meets the
senior nine in the second class game
to-morrow. Trowbridge made his "S"
on»the basebal: team last season play
,'ng right field in the second game
Vgalnst Berkeley.
Trowbridse Elected at Stanford.
LEAVES HER PROPERTY
TO NUMEROUS FRIENDS
Will of a Woman Who Committed
Suicide in San Francisco Filed
in San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 28.— The will of
Lavinia M. Johnson, who committed
suicide at San Francisco by asphyxia
tion a. few days ago, was filed In' the
Probate Court here to-day. It is an
olographic will and is dated at San
Francisco on January 2. The estate
consists of a ranch near Lawrence,
this county, worth in the neighbor
hood of $30,000, but which is mort
gaged for $16,000. Mrs. Johnson re
quests that her ranch be sold and all
her just debts be paid. Whatever
money is Jeft she bequeaths, to Val
entine Deane, whom she styles "her
dear little friend," of 340 Twenty
third avenue, San Francisco. Out of
the total amount is to come $100 giv
en to her brother, W. H. Boner of
Philadelphia, and $100 to Mrs. Her
man, Jacobson of Washington, D. C,
and $50 apiece to Alice Boner, Birdie
Boner and Willie Boner, children of
her brother, W. H. Boner.
Bequests of personal property and
household goods are also made to
Valentine Deane of San Francisco,
Mrs. H. Dutard of San Francisco, Mrs.
Mitchell Phillips of San Jose. Mrs. M.
A. Deane of San Francisco, Clara
Goodloe of San Francisco and Mrs.
Paul Goodloe. The will provides that
two mares owned by her shall not be
sold. Mitchell Phillips of this city is
named as executor without bonds,
and filed the 'will to-day. A
First Wife Gets the Estate.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 28.— The $15,
000 estate Jeft by Dr. Allerton W. Al
drich, who killed himself at the Hotel
Savoy in this city May 4, 1902, while
resisting arrest on a charge of big
amy, was to-day given to Mrs. Lenora
Aldrich, his first wife, by Judge Wil
bur of the Superior Court. . Aldrich's
last wife contested the claim, but the
court decided that the divorce. which
Aldrich- : had secured from -his first
wife " was illegal"
These great middleweights boxed
six sensational rounds at Philadelphia
on Wednesday night. According to
the accounts O'Brien had a lead for
four rounds, which he lost, and then
had difficulty in staying the limit.
These are the trickiest men in ! the
ring, and they stand out above all
others, in their class. As" both have
been anxious to fight here it is thought
the Yosemite Club can bring them to
gether next month. A twenty round
bout would result in one or the other,
winning decisively and thus settling
the championship title.
Manager Coffroth of the Yosemite
Athletic Club wired to various places
in the East last night in an endeavor
to secure a match between Tommy
Ryan and Jack O'Brien.
"Walter S. Hobart. the well-known
California sportsman, arrived from
Europe early yesterday morning on a
belated Overland. He was accompa
nied by his wife and etiildrpn, the lat
ter '-ncluding a foii born in Europe.
They at once settled down in apart
ments at the Hotel Granada.
,Mr. Hobart became a convert to the
automobile while abroad. He brought
a machine home with him and will
soon be skimming over the San Mateo
County roads. '»
• »Vhile in Europe he took part in a
number of polo matches and also saw
his famous pony Silver Dick win sev
eral races. He bought two polo ponies
in England and they are in the string
which, is being trained for him. He ex
pects to take part in the forthcoming
tournaments at Del Monte and at Bur-
California Sportsman Is Expect
ed.to Take Part in Polo and
Automobile Events Shortly
Yosemite Clul) Management Is
After Byaii and O'Brien to
Fight Here in February
In what betting was done last night
Hanlon was a 1 to 2 choice. At thes»
odds Broad had a fair following.
If Hanlon wins he will leave here for
the East on Monday, accompanied by
his brother and by Harry Foley. Han
lon wants to visit his former manager
Mike Short, and Incidentally will nil
boxing engagements in the principal
cities.
Hanlon and Broad have both worked
wonders in their physical condition in
the short time at their disposal. Both
devoted themselves yesterday to light,
fast work indoors, but each took a long
Jaunt on the road. As there is no
specified weight to make they will be
able to r«st to-day from work. Hanlon
expects to weigh 132 pounds, while
Broad, who is built on light lines, will
weigh not more than 130 pounds. Han
lon is expected to show an entirely dif
ferent style of fighting to his former
method.
Gregrgalns. who is manager of the
club promoting the fight, was then s^ni
for and he communicated with Broad
by telephone. After a short discussion
lit turned to Dan Hanlon and asked if
Hanlon would accept him- for refere?.
When Hanlon replied in the affirmative
Greg&ains announced that he would
referee the fleht.
Alex Greggains will referee the fight
between Eddie Hanlon and Kid Broad
to-night in Mechanics' Pavilion. Eddie
Smith of Oakland is the official referee
of the San Francisco Athletic Club, but
he was not acceptable to Broad.
The latter received insiructions yes
terday from Parson Davies, his man
agerd, who is in New Orleans, to hold
out for Eddie (iraney. Broad was rep
resented at a conference last niRht at
Cerbett's by Tim McGrath, while Dan
Hanlon was present in the interest of
his brother. McGrath opened the dis
cussion by saying he was told by Broad
that Graney was the only man wlvj
would suit him. Hanlon said either
Smith or Graney would be acceptable
to the Californian.
SEEK TO MATCH
MIDDLEWEIGHTS
HOBART HOME
FROM ABROAD
Californian Fighter Is
Made a Warm
Favorite.
A URACE OF HAnO-HITTING FIGHTERS "WHO \VII,L MEET TO-NIGHT IN A TWENTY-ROUND BOUT IN ME-
VlIANICS- PAVILION. IN WHICH 1IANLON IS EXPECTED TO SHOW A DIFFERENT STYLE FROM
THAT HE HAS FORMERLY EMPLOYED.
ALEX GREGGAINS IS CHOSEN REFEREE
OF THE HANLON-KID BROAD FIGHT
SPORTS OF THE RACECOURSE, THE PROFESSIONAL PRIZERING AND THE ATHLETIC FIELD
First race— Mimo, Golden Xdfflit, Pirst
Chip. , - ¦ , ,
Second race— Bay • Wonder. Saul of
Tarsus, Belle Reed. V
Third race — Mr. Single, Chickadee.
Searcher.
Fourth race— Princen Titania, Iridins.
7nturita. . : :
r if th , race— BUI Curtis. Dick Turpin,
Toledo./ ¦ ¦ ¦ " .
. Sixth race— Bill % mm-«*- * Planeur,
Frank Wood*. V'
FSOB ABLE WINNERS. -
NEW YORK, Jan. 28.— The Stock Ex
change authorities made the following
formal statement to-day regarding the
action of the governors in striking off
the list of the securities of the Ameri
can Steel Foundries Company:
Whereas, It appears from the report or the
committee on stock list that misrepresentations
of an Important character relating: to the finan
cial condition of the American Steel .Foundries
Company at" the time of application for listing
of its common and preferred stocks upon the
Stock Exchange, in November. 1902. were made
to the committee on stock list in support of salj
application; therefore, be tt
Resolved, That, in accordance with article
33, section 4, of the constitution, the common
and preferred »tock3 of the American Steel
Foundries Company be and 'hereby, are removed
from the list.":.'.. .;\
Under the section named the govern
ing committe'e is empowered to suspend
dealings in the securities of any cor
poration previously admitted to quota
tion, or it may summarily remove the
securities from the list.
Lewis Nixon, who was named as a
director of the American Steel Foun
dries Company, said to-day that he had
resigned that position months ago. He
said:
I entered the board at tha request of Mr.
Schwab seme time after the organization of the
company. I have no Interest in it financially
now and never did have any bejaond the quali
fying share of stock I held as director. With
the beginning of the shipbuilding troubles I re
tisned as a director of that and a number of
other companies.
Neither at the office of the company
nor at the office of Max Pam was any
statement of the company's side given
cut to-day.
Blaze In a Tuolumne Town.
SONORA, Jan. 28.— A destructive
fire took place at the town of Carters,
near here, early this morning. It or
iginated In the kitchen of Leonards
Hotel, and before it was subdued that
building and several others adjoining
were destroyed. The losses are as fol
lows: Leonard's Hotel $10,000. in
surance 56000: Gibbs block JSOOO. in
surance $4000: Leevie's flat $7000. in
surance $2000; McCormack's meat
market $2000, no insurance.
WALLACE. Idaho. Jan. 28.— Elmer Sinclair
an employe of trra Standard Mill, was hurlM
to a frightful death to-day by being caurht
In the belting: which runs the immense crush
ers. Ills head was crushed between a belt and
pulley. ¦•/.,.'
MARTINEZ, Jan. 2S.— The Los An
geles passenger train ran into the rear
of a freight train at the Bay Point Sta
tion, a short distance east of here, at
5:20 o'clock this afternoon. \Engineer
Robert Gray of the Los Angeles train
saw that the collision was inevitable
and Jumped, straining his ankle. He
was the only person Injured. The ca
boose of the freight train was wrecked,
the front end of the engine -was in
jured and the track was blocked for a
few hours until a wrecking train from
Oakland could clear it. •*
The wreck is attributed to the fact
that there was a great deal of oil upon
the track and Engineer Gray could net
hold his train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Passenger Train From Los An
geles Strikes Freight Cars
at a Contra Costa Station
Stock Exchange Anthorities Is
suc Statement Concerning the
American Steel Foundries
OIL ON TRACK
CAUSES WRECK
JUSTIFY ACTION
OF GOVERNORS
Cambnceres ami Heir Apparent
Fall at the Last Hurdle in
a Kace Taken bv Galba
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 28.— Ocean
Dream, Twyraan's good mare, won the
free handicap at Ascot to-day and inci
dentally clipped three-quarters of a
second off the track record for one mile.
It was ladies' day, and a crowd of 5000
was in attendance, and the form play
ers had the better of the argument with
the books. The first race went to
Loyal S, an outsider, at 10 to"l. Mer
wan, the favorite, was second, . and
Scharzwald third.
De Grammont won the two-year-old
three-furlons dash, with Hilona second
and Bishop Poole third. De Grammont
was the fayorite, and won handil>.
The handicap hurdle, at a mile and
a quarter, went to Galba, Corrigan's
jumper, which started for the first
time to-day. Phil Archibald was sec
ond and Goldone third. Galba was
strongly supported in the betting.
Oambaceres and Heir Apparent fell at,
the last hurdle, and Sutherland, the
latter's jockey, suffered a dislocated
collar bone and a badly lacerated scalp.
The fourth race, a free handicap at
a mile, was a. heavy betting: affair,
Ocean Dream and Princess Tulane re
ceiving the strongest support. Best
Man and M. F. Tarpey were also well
liked. Ocean Dream went to the front
at the start and made every post a
winning one, finishing: pulled up two
lengths in front of Tarpey, Princess
Tulane third. The time was 1:40%.
.Atlantico won the fifth race at six
furlongs from Carnival, Felipe Lugo
third. Palm Reader, the f&vorite, was
beaten off.
Little Margaret was favorite for the
last race, but Ocyrohe at 4 to 1 won in
a drive from Andrattus,. with Winni
freda third.
SUMMARY.
It was given out that Parker &
Thwaites, owners of Fossil, have pur
chased J. Curl's contract with Jockey
W. Knapp.
First race, iriilo and seventy yards, selling —
Loyal S. 1OS fBuxton). 8 to 1. won; Merwan.
103 ><J. Lewis), 6 t» 5. second: Schwarzwald,
101 (Booker). 7 to 1. third. Time. 1:40. Lou
welsea, Brown Prince, Jingler and Canejo also
rant
Second race, two-year-old*, three furlongs —
De Grammont, 108 (E. Walsh), 2 to 1, won;
Hilona. 10r> (Prior). 4 to 1. second: Bishop
Poole. 108 (Redftrn). :t to 1. third. Time. :37.
Light of Day. F. L. Johnson. Hari— Stephens,
El Otros, Capitanazo, Anor and Devon B also
ran.
Third race, hurdle handicap, one and a quar
ter milrs— Galba. 138 (McHuph), S to 5, won;
Phil Archibald. ir>0 (Archibald), 2 to 1, second;
Goldone, 128 (Otis), 15 to 1, third, lime,
2:1s 1 }',. Cambaceies, May S and Heir Appar
ent also ran.
Fourth race, one mile, handicap — Ocean
Dream, 10G fl\ Phillips), even, won; M. K.
Tarpcy, 10O (Knapp), 9 to 1. second; Princess
Tiilane, 105 <Redfern). S to 6 third. Time,
l:4(Hi. Be5t Man also ran.
Fifth race, six furlonps— Atlantico, 104 (Bux
ton), 4 to 1, won; Carnival, 97 (M. Johnson).
.10 to 1, second: Felipe Lugo. 107 (Redfern), 5
to 2. third. Time, 1:15. Lauretta Phillips,
Laoccon. Piquet and Palm Reader also ran.
Sixth race, Slauson course, selling — Ocyrohe,
97 (Knapp). 4 to 1, won; Andrattus. 109 (Htd
fern). O tp 1, second: "Winnlfreda, 87 (J. Book
er) 5 to I third. Time. 1:11. San Lutlon,
Troy, Rallie Goodwin, Laureatea and Little
Margaret also ran.
Judges Disqualify Ethics.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 2S. — Crescent City
results:
First race, ?ix furlongs — Clear the Arena
won, Dusky second, Aggie Lewis third. Time,
1:16 3-.V
Second race. »ix furlongs — Mayor Johneon
won. Emigre second, Little Jack Horner third.
Time. 1:16 1-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Clangor won. Joe
Goss second, Ben Howard third. Time,
1:16 l-.V
Fourth race, handicap, one mil"' and twenty
yards — St. Tammany won. Frttijohn second.
Boaster third. Time, 1:40 3-0. Ethics fin
ished first, but -wa9 disqualified.
Fifth race, one mile — Ostrich won, Katie
Powers, second. Second Sight third. Time, 1:4C.
. Sixth race, one and an eighth miles — Algon
quin won, Malay second, Lou Woods third.
Time. 1:50 4-5.
SIXTY'-FOUR ENTRIES
FOR IXGLESIDE STAKE
Sport Will Be Confined to One Day,
When Kvenly Matched Grey
. hounds Will Compete. .
Coursing at Ingleside Park this
week will again be limited to one day,
Sunday, when a sixty-four dog stake
will be run in^its entirety. The draw
last night resulted as follows:
High Born vs. Intruder: Jessie Dear v«.'
Cresv.'lek; Little Pluncer \a. Crawford Belle;
Mollle Me vs. Menlo Prince; Our Minnie vs.
Queen's Motto; Gilmove Girl vs. Van Alba;
Texas Jim vs. Lady Menlo; Little Lucy Vs.
Pacing Billy; Ragged Actor vs. Full Moon;
Roy Hufchie vs. Doc Burns; Reckless Acrobat
vs Tellowtail: Frisky Boy vs. Medley; Texas
Hoo Hoo vs. McHenry; Odd Eyes vs. Com'lque;
Raby Aurora vs. Rich Argosy: Laughing
Water vs. Ml Amizo; Wedeewood vs. Cloud
burst; Toronto vs. Royal Friend; Celtic vs.
Irish Lad; Irvlngton Tralee vs. Belfast; Glau
cu9 v«. Oulda: Conroy vs. Equator; Black
Coon vs. Frisky Barbara; Lord Granada vs.
Boots: .Young Fearless vs. Prometheus; Red
Pepper vs. Free Born; Pasha Pleasant vs. Pro
gresso; Fancy .Free vs. Bonnie Pasha; Mon
bells vs. Toosy Turvy; J. B H vs. Trouble-
Home; Homer Boy vs. White Stockings; Bella
Lloyd vs. Charming Thought.
YOSEMITE CLUB SECURES
A PERMIT FOR FEBRUARY
The Pacific Athletic Withdraw? From
'- Field, but Will Apply for March
Privilege. .
The' Supervisors' Police Committee
reported In favor, yesterday of grant
ing the . Yosemite Athletic Club the
February permit for a professional
boxing contest. Porter Ashe appeared
in behalf of the Pacific Athletlc-Club,
which had also applied for the permit.
He stated that he did care to stand
in the way of the Yosemite Club, but
his club would renew, its application
for the March permit, for which the
Hayes Valley Club has also applied.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
. WASHINGTON, Jan. 28.—Postmas
ters commissioned— California: | Hor,
ace'.B. Gardiner, Crockett; Isaac J.
Frazee, Moosa. j • \
Army orders— Contract Surgeon
Lewis B. Porter is relieved from duty
at the General. Hospital at the Pre- W
sidio, San Francisco, and is ordered' to
New Haven, Conn., for annulment of
contract. ;, ,
Navy orders— Past Assistant Sur
geon F. K. Perkins goes to the naval
training statiftn at -San Francisco and
also is made pay officer of the Pensa-'
cola. .
"Bridgewhist," "five hundred" and all,
•other tally ' cards. "Military euchre."
flinch, "panic," "pit" and all the new
backs in Congress playing cards. San
born, Vail & Cd. •
Second race— Futurity course; three-year
olds and up; selling. ,
5&it Hoceo (Photo Stable) 97
6834 'Standard. (McAlPSter) 9
5738 Saul of Tarsus" (Walz) 113
r.846 The Miller (McNeil) 115
nSTH 'Harbor (Rowell) »7
.17715 Modder (Kuckhottz & Co.) 115
MoS Xarra G (Mulkey) 1M
1)606 'Bell Reed (Stanfleld) 106
C850 'Targette (Fountain) 92
r>S0O 'Gene Handrail (Schrelbcr) 97
5740 Waterpowpr (Stover) 118
5S24 'Bay Wonder (Newman) 110
Third race — One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and up: selling.
5790 Expedient (Smith) 107
G8C3 'Augle (Oapps) 1C0
5SC3 Carllee (Appleby &. Co.) 93
. r .G06 No -Friend (Stover). 95
5S58 'Norford (France) 103
5S3B Tom Klngsley (Winter & Co.) 100
G85S 'Billy Moore (Rector) -.100
CS36 'Tamm (Magrane) 08
5777 'Mr Dingle (Judge)... OS
58.18 'Chickadee (McCafferty) 98
5850 Forest < Fire (McCabe) 83
5742 'Grand Sachem (Moran) 95
6858 Donator (Mulholland) . 100
5SCC Searcher (Partlngton Bros.)... 105
Fourth race — Six and a halt furlongs; 3^year
olds and up; handicap:
(5.sO2)Prlncess Tltanla (Mlllln) 107i
t5S13)lrldlus (Jennings) , 115
B6S1 Byron Rose (Wilson). M»
5813 Albula (Lamasney Bros.) 103
5S39 Futurlta (Kraft) .95
Fifth race — Six furlongs; 3-year-olds; purse:
....'BUI Curtis (Griffin) 112
Hulford (Stover) 104
5871 Youns Pepper (O'Rourke) i00
Modred (Smith) • 10'
5753 Dick Turpin (Regan) .' 112
5S01 Hvgh McGoTan (Rowell)..... 109
.....Masked Ball (Williams) 10«
(4557)Toledo (Burns & Waterhouse) 113
Sixth race— One mile; 4-year-olds and up;
selling: , ,„
5JKE'. 'Achilles (McCabe) J0o
GS3S *Blll Massle (McAlester) 1C2
5S38 Kitty Kelly (Stanfleld) 105
5SC.0 'Constellator (Keating)...". 1J2
5815 'Flaneur. (McCafferty) • 1C
58C0 Kl Piloto (Hoag) ••• 107
r>«O( Frank Woods (Garden City Stable). ...10i
5S38 »Gawalne (Cotton).... 10*
5858 'The Stewardess (Winter & Co.) 9£
5812 »Oro Viva (Ward & King) 105
5S3fi 'Lady Kent ( Wellman) 100
5SU 'Fille d'Or (Kenyon).... 100
•Apprentice allowance.
578G Mesto (Schultz) 104
r.730 'Mlmo (Sheridan) 102
.VTi}4 Esforzado (Bryan & Co.) , 104
5750 Scotsman (Jennings & Co.) 101
*Colonel Roosevelt (Davis) 1C9
5S:i9 'Golden Light (McCafferty) 102
5175 'Light * Braid (Jones) ....107
5SeO "First Chip (Fitzgerald).. 1D9
6863 Alta Peggy (San Joaquin Stable) 105
First race — Six and a half furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up.
M05 Kdra (Smith) 100
5846 Dandie Belle (Winter & Co.) 105
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
One day last spring near the close
of the meeting the Petaluma horse
Whiskers was played for a "killing"
and came home. R. Wilson performed
on him not many days ago and gath
ered nothing. In the third race yes
terday'Bell had the mount on the geld
ing and landed him first at odds of 4%
to 1, nearly a length before Matt Ho
gan. Whiskers was apparently much
the best, for he came rrom quite a
piece back. The Pride finished third.
Piekaway, the favorite, showed little
speed. • •
Larsen is assuredly not riding at his
best. He had the mount on I Know,
the 4 to 5 fayorite for the mile and
seventy yards event and finished third.
I Know, it is claimed, can step a mile
in 1:39, and instead of going on and
opening- up a length or two of daylight
over his field Larsen waited along with
the 15 to 1 shot The Fretter. At the
finish Caronal, a 12 to 1 shot piloted
by Stuart, ran over the two pace
makers, winning by more than two
lengths. The Fretter led the favorite
out a head for the place. Horton ran
fourth. [ He could have won if not
pocketed on the rail the last sixteenth.
A favorite at last was adorned with
a set of brackets, Jockey Club, a 4 to 5
chance, capturing the concluding mile
purseaffair. Tommy Burnrf again rode
"Butch" Fisher's horse, and after cut
ting out all the pace beat Stilicho a
neck, driving, hard. Gorgalette ran a
fair third.' 7« r
WHISKERS FOOLS, TALENT.
It will take the backers of short
priced horses two or three days to get
the kinks out of their spinal vertebrae,
for the first five favorites went down
for the count. Tommy Burns on Jock
ey Club finally came to their rescue,
taking the final event with the Fisher
entry at odds of 9 to 10. The attend
ance was larffe.
Beqause of Hildebrand having the
mount more than anything else, and
reported fast work besides, Argot was
installed favorite for the opening
event, with a field of fourteen starting.
It the mare Is fast she failed to show
anything on this particular occasion.
The winner turned up in Benlash, the
second choice, which, with Kunz up,
nosed out the 15 to 1 shot, Emma Reu
bold. Steph, a 60 to 1 shot,- finished
third, only a neck farther away.
Instructor, the 6 to 5 favorite for the
three-year-old number at seven fur
longs, showed to be a poor betting,
proposition and will be given the drift
by bettors in future. Thfe colt was out
footed by Young Pepper during the
early stages of the running and, after
trying to run out on the turns, finished
third. Johnny Daly waited in third
position with Celebrant to the stretch,
where he slipped through on the rail,
scoring- easily from Kleinwood, an 8 to
1' chance. •
FIVE FAVORITES LOSE.
Sad Sam, the "idol of the bushes,"
was given another strong cup of tea
to swallow yesterday at Oakland. He
was introduced to Double Six, the fast
daughter of Domino and Gloaming,
owned by the New York turfman, Jack
Follansbee, for the first time this sea
son, in a. five and a half furlong brush.
So. well thought of was Sad Sam by
the populace, and bookmakers as well,
that his market price was 7 to 10, and
buyers there were in plenty. *
Sam did not get his usual catapault
start, and Double. Six was always
within talking distance of him. Lar
sen shook the latter horse up in the
run to the stand, and, gradually wear
ing down the favorite's lead, passed
the judges first by a neck in 1:05%. St.
Winifride took the show from E. M.
Brattairi.
Goodwin's Guide gives the world's
record made by McGee at Chicago last
summer as lcOS'/i, but another guide
published East has McGee credited
with. 1:05 1-5.
JOCKEY IS THROWN
Caronal Equals Coast
Record for Mile and
Seventy Yards.
Twyraan's Mare, Ocean Dream,
Wins All the Way and Estab
lishes a New Track Record
FREE HANDICAP
A FAST RACE
DOUBLE SIX DEFEATS SAD SAM A HEAD,
CREATING A NEW CALIFORNIA RECORD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20. 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVANA CIGARS
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
533 7 Biann i s j n
m t us F"** fcyi "^ *- ** f »*
IjgS * niwiii « c ci
¦ ?•' >,This week 25 r^r cent reduction on
every beater In stock. San Francisco -Gas
SLsd Electric Company. 415 Post street. •
Duncan McDonald, whose Hair is
gray with age. went on the warpath
Wednesday afternoon after indulging
copiously in the. smoky whisky brewed
in the shadows of the Grampian Hills.
He is the. owner of the premises at
1408 Sanchez street, wherein he has a
tenant named Mrs. Holmes. He called
there in the capacity of a landlord and
also as chief of a clan, and duiing a
discussion he drew a trusty glave and
smote Miss Grace Jaeger, a roomer.
The blade only cut the young woman's
dress, but- the belligerent Scot was ar
rested for assault with a deadly
weapon and appeared before Judge
Conlan yesterday. Only part of the
testimony in the case was taken and a
continuance 1 was taken until to-day.
James O'Brien has only one useful
arm, but he is said to have a par
ticularly virulent tongue. Because, he
used the latter to excess Cornelius
Coakley battered him in many ways
Wednesday night in a saloon at 221
Fifth street. O'Brien when he ap
peared before Judge Conlan had a
face on him that looked like a storm
at sea. 'He gave his testimony and
the defendant explained the provoca
tion that caused him to assault a man
with one useless arm. The decision
was reserved until to-day.
Joseph Pereyt, a waiter in the Poodle
Dog Restaurant, died in the French
Hospital yesterday of injuries received
last Wednesday by falling down an el
evator shaft in the restaurant.
Pereyt's Injuries Fatal.
Max L. .Shirper reported to the n/>
lice yesterday that his showcase had
been oroken and fifteen razors, two
strops and two shaving brushes stolen.
S. Dohrmann, 77 Third street, report
ed that his showcase had been broken
and twelve revolvers, a pair of opera
glasses and six boxes of cartridges
Rtolcn. The work was done early in
the morning and the burglars are sup
posed to be boys.
Make Raid on Show Cases.
• Mr-?. .Mary Schulz, whose husband
has a saloon at SCO Folsom street, was
arrested yesterday on a warrant from
Police Judge Conlan's court charging
her wiih selling liquor to a boy 12
years of age. The complaining wit
ness is Policemnn T. J. Kavanaugh,
:whs> nia>2o the arrest.
Liquor Sold to a Minor.
United States Circuit Judge Erskine
M. Ross of Los Angeles has arrived and
will sit with the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals next Monday. Judge
Ross is accompanied by his wife.
Jmlgc Ross Is Here.
England usually imports $30,000,
000 worth of eggs annually.
Joseph Grannucci arrived from
Sicily only a month ago, bearing with
him the family heirloom of a pair of
gold earrings, which his an
cestors had packed for 300 years
across the chasms and canyons of his
loved native mountains. In this city
of repose h* met Joseph Bello, also
from the blue Sicilian mountains, and
the two went to a room on Fillmore
street, between Pine and Bush.
One morning Grannucci awoke to
find that Bello had departed with the
loved ancestral earrings, a gold watch
and a .revolver of recent manufac
ture, "which Grannucci purchased on
his arrival in this country. Bello was
before Judge Mogan yesterday and
v.as arraigned on a felony charge. The
only testimony taken was as to the
value of the missing effects and the
complaining witness rated them so
high that a collateral broker in the
courtroom was seized with heart fail
ure. '''V;^
;Th" feodv tit the man who was found
drowned rear Beale Ftreet wharf last
Wednesday has been identified as that
kg Cornelius J. Harrington, a house
cleaner, who claimed to be a brother
of.rthe Lord Mayor of Dublin. Harring
ton went on a spree about ten days
ago and loft his lodgings at 550 Mission
street, since which time he had not
been teen by any one who knew him
uruil yesterday. Detective Coleman
worked ur> the case ar.d established
Harrington's identity..
The decedent was ahcut r>0 years old,
unmarried and a native of Duolin, Ire
land. The body lies unclaimed at the
Morgue.
Body of Drowned Man Identified as
Cornelius J. Harrington of the
Celebrated Dublin Family.
J.ORD MAYOR'S HKOTIIER
UNCLAIMED IN MORGUE
In the course of the couple's asso
ciation, she says, she pawned a gold
watch, which she had originally bought
for the man. Then she tried to leave
him and on the strength of the docu
mentary proof he possessed in the way
of a pawn ticket he secured a warrant
for her arrest on a larceny charge. The
man was in Judge Slogan's court to
testify against the woman who had left
all for his sake and eyed her malevo
lently during the hearing. Her state
ment of the facts was so convincing
that the Judge was impressed with her
sincerity and she will probably be dis
charged at the next hearing.
Mile. May Wilson, a wayfarer on the
crimson, path, has found the thorns on
the trail. She is charged with, grand
larceny by a man for whflm she claims
to have left a good husband and a
well-supplfed home. For more than a
year, she told Judge Mogan, she had
tried to leave the man who led her
astray in order that she might lead an
honest life.
Just about the time that Maurice
Kauffmann was trying to beat a queen
full with a pair of sevens in a friendly
poker game in the rear of his barber
shop at 1040 Folsom street Wednes
day ntght the police broke in. They
secured six > other players, a deck of
cards, eighteen stacks of vari-colored
chips and $3 20 in money. It must have
been a hat game — one of those fast
plays that gamblers know as a San
Bernardino limit.
All of the reckless gamesters were
before Judge Mogan yesterday and were
dismissed, because there was no evi
dence against them to show that the
premises were publicly used as a gam
bling house. Th" Judge stated that the
defendants had as much right to in
dulge in a poker game among them
selves as the visitors to any; pri
vate residence. Under a time honored
and somewhat battered decision of ex-
Justice Garoutte of the Supreme Court,
poker i3 not a game of chance, but one
of skill.
William Pierson interfered and Tson
vas' brother pulled a revolver and shot
at him. For some unaccountable rea
son the bullet c-nly penetrated the
clothing of the man and made a bruise
on his body. He was hurried to the
Central Emergency Hospital, where the
doctors examined the wound and or
dered the patient to a tailor shop.
Only a portion of the testimony was
heard yesterday, and the case was con
tinued until to-dav.
Strenuosity is the only redeeming fea
ture in the waiterial career of A. Tson
vas. as far as it was revealed in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday. He was ac
cused of assault with a deadly weapon,
and the main exhibit of the prosecu
tion was the badly battered head of
an iron mo-ider named George Hansen.
who wore a tightly wrapped pall of
black over the injuries he had received
from the defendant.
According to the testimony. Hansen
and two other men, in company with
three young women, entered a restau
rant on Market street, opposite Eighth,
after attending a dance, and ordered
three whiskies and three beers. Pre
sumably the men drank the whiskies
ar.d th» women the beers. It is hard
lj relevant to the inquiry to probe into
this collateral matter. Horace adjured
all youths and maidens to worship
Apollo, but they chose Bacchus instead
and paid a penalty.
Tsonvas was the Ganymede, and he
also brought some sandwiches, which
the party had net ordered. When they
went to the cashier's desk to settle the
score Hansen laid down 50 cents in
payment on the sound basis of 10 cents
apiece for the whiskies and 5 cents
apiece for the beers, a total of 45 cents.
The strenuous waiter disputed the ac
count and asked for 95 onts in pay
ment. When this was refused he se
cured a club and in peeking to enforce
payment nearly beat the head off Han
sen.
tody, appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday on the charge of perjury.
There was no complaint against him
and unless the District Attorney takes
some action Judge Conlan will have to
appear as a prosecuting witness in the
case. The defendant was ordered back
to jail until a complaint can be pre
pared.
Disheartened by poverty, and having
the example of her daughler before her
eyes, Mrs. S. A. West committed sui
cide last Wednesday night at 313 Turk
street by turning on the gas. Nicoli
Olsen, who occupied an adjoining
apartment, was sickened by the gas
that leaked into his room, but was res
cued.
Henry Bowman, the landlord, detects
ed the odor of gas coming from Mrs.
West's room at 8 o'clock yesterday
morning. The door was unlocked and
he entered and found the old lady dead
in her bed. The key of the gas fixture
was wide open. On .the dresser Avere
two notes written by the woman. One
of them read: "My clothes that I want
to be cremated in are at Mrs. Prall's.
52S EHis street." On the other was:
"Fred H. Xeergaard. 1616 Point Lobos
avenue. * Send my body here. All is
paid for it. to be cremated by Porter &
White."
The landlord, suspecting that con
siderable gas must have leaked through
the keyhole and crevices int<,> the room
occupied by Olsen. forced an entrance
and had much difficulty in restoring
him to consciousness. Olsen said" that
he went to his room at 6 o'clock in the
morning and smelled gas as he passed
Mrs. West's door, but did not pay any
attention to it.
Porter & White say that Mrs. West
came to their undertaking parlors a
few days ago with a certificate of cre
mation, but that she did not pay them
anything toward her funeral expenses.
Her talk gave them the impression that
she was mentally deranged.
On August 27, 1901, Eulalie Grace
Perkins, a daughter of Mrs. West,
killed herself in the Maison Alladio, on
Geary street, by taking cyanide of po
tassium. She had previously made the
necessary arrangements with Porter &
White for her funeral.
Mrs- West's husband was J. W. West,
who conducted the "Original Log Cabin
Candy Store" at 131C Market street. He
died a few years ago.
• Mrs. West was a native of Kentucky,
and was 65 years old.
Commissioner Filcher says that he
spoke about the university to the
Governor. There was no need to in
form the latter what had happened,
for he was already, familiar with the
facts. It was developed* at the inter
view that while the $180,000 was prac
tically all apportioned there was still
a reserve to draw upon. " Governor
Pardee telegraphed to President
Wheeler and requested him to call on
Commissioner Filcher in this city, v A
conference took place and an under
standing .was reached that President
Wheeler should carefully go over the
matter of making a university exhibit
so that an estimate may be reached of
After the California commission had
informed President Wheeler that no
money had been reserved for the State
University out of the $130,000 appro
priated by the State Legislature there
was much talk In the University Club
and elsewhere. In fact the denial of
aid was the frequent topic of conver
sation whenever university men met.
Governor Pardee is a member of the
California Commission, ex-officio. Last
week Commissioner Filcher had occa
sion to go to Sacramento to talk about
California exhibits with the Governor.
The latter brought up the matter of
the university and insisted that some
thing should be done to give recogni
tion to the university.
•; ¦¦:"¦ -FILCHER GIVES HIS AID.
When it was finally announced that
thai space was available a meeting of
the .university committee was held at
Berkeley to arrange for making a fine
exhibition and it was developed- at that
meeting that the university had much
that could be placed before, the millions
of visitors to the exposition with benefit
to the. university and with great credit
to the State of California, by which !t
is supported. At that time there was
no doubt in the minda of the university
people that the California commission
ers would second the efforts of the uni
versity by making the cecessary ap
propriation to collect ann install thj
appropriate exhibition material.
Governor Pardee, who is an alumnus
of the University of California, is de
termined that the chief educational in
stitution of the State shall receive some
assistance from the California com
missioners to make an appropriate dis
play at St. Louis in the exposition
space recently secured in the education
building. Not long ago, in response
to a letter from President Wheeler re
questing that the California commission
should appropriate $5000 for the col
lection and installation of the exhibits
of the University of California the com
missioners returned word that there
was no money available, that it had
all been appropriated. Coupled with
this statement was an expression of re
gret, but that did not nelp matters.
The university was turned down and
left to its own devices. The Board of
Regents had already refused to ap
propriate $5000. The last visible means,
short of passing the hat among the
graduates of the State university to
get the needed funds, had failed.
When the facts were published in The
Call there was a great stir among the
faculty and the graduate and student
bodies of the university. To make. the
situation the more aggravating the
space that had been secured in the
education building in St. Louis was
conspicuously solicited only when ail
the proper university space had already
been given out by the St. Louis Ex
position .management and it was pro
cured only, at the end of a long strug
gle, in which President Wheeler and
Professor Christy of the mining depart
ment of the university took a promi
nent part.
PLENTY OF MATERIAL.
Bel", alleges further tha the -.-ill was
not signed by Mrs. PU-asant and that
if she did sign it she affixed hcs. signa
ture while she was under th- Influence
of Lawyer Sherwootl and his wife, the
devisees under the will.
; ill in the presence of Mrs. Pleasant
nor in the presence of each other as the
law provides. He also alleges that the
contested document is not t: - last will
of Mrs. Pleasant.
In his contest Bell does not make
clear what his interests in the estata
of the late Mr?. Pleasant are. He sim
ply states that he has an interest and
by reason of such opposes the admit
tance of the document to probate. He
alleges that at the time the will was
made, seven days before the death of
Mrs. Pleasant, she wa3 not of sound
and --sposing mind, and ' rther that it
wa3 not a properly attested document.
He chr - es that .the witnesses to thj
will did not sign the doculnent at the
request of the testatrix and that their
signatures were not attached to tha
Frederick T. Bell, son of Theresa and
the late Thomas Bell, with which
couple the late Mary E. ('"Mammy")
Pleasant lived for a number of years,
filed a contest of the will of Mrs.
Pleasant yesterday. He claims to have
•"some interest in the estate," and
makes the charge that the
last testament of the aged
colored woman was not a prop
erly executed document and that
at the time it was made she was under
the influence of L. M. and Olive E. E.
Sherwood, with whom she was living at
the time she .lied and to whom she de
vised her entire estate.
A party of the owners of the flocks
returned from an inspection trip to the
island to-day and reported that unless
it rains boos there will not be a sheep
left of the many thousands with which
tnr island is stocked. An effort will be
n:«ide &g remove a portion of them to
the. mainland, but that task will be so
riov*' tiiat comparatively few of the
eheep will be saved.
Th<> island is one «~>f the group, chief
of whirh is Santa Oatalina. It lies
fiiirty-Eix miles off the coast and is
fcnrren and desolate except, in places
where there are springs. These
epriacs have dried up this season and
the Fheep which at best have scanty
feed found nothing upon which to
graze. After the water gave out the
animals began dying by hundreds.
L^S ANGELES, Jan. :'8.-As a re-
FUlt rif the drought several thousand
head of Bheep are famishing on San
Clemente Island and it is certain that
many of them will die despite the ef
forts of their owners to save them.
Special Dispatch ti> The Call.
Kratz was vice president of the
Donandt-Kratz Company, commission
merchants, SOS Washington street, W.
P. D. Donandt having been the presi
dent. It is alleged that on February 13
last Kratz collected $16,542 75 from cus
tomers of the company. He called at
the office that evening, while Max Frey,
the bookkeeper, was there alone. - He
was accompanied by his brother, A. A.
Kratz.
William placed a bag containing
money on Frey's desk and asked him
to make certain entries in the ca:>h
book from a list he held in his hand.
Frey refused and "William made the
entries in the book himself, the total
amounting to $16,542 75. William then
gave his brother the bag containing
the money and when Frey asked him
what he intended doing with the cash
he Veplied, "I gave it to my brother
and have got his receipt for It." Both
brothers stepped into a buggy, which
v.as in front of the store, and drove
away.
A~. A. Kratz was arrested the follow
ing day in this city, but no trace of
William was discovered for several
days, when the police learned that he
was in Kansas City, living under th2
name of William Knutson. He was ar
rested there and brought back here by
Detective T. B. Gibson. All the money
he had in his possession was $S5. Both
brothers were held to answer by Police
Judge Fritz.
The Donandt-Kratz Company had to
go through bankruptcy.
A jury was impaneled in Judere
Dunne's court yesterday to try the
case of William M. Kratz, charged with
felony embezzlement. The jury is com
posed of AV. G. Hughes, M. Ahern, W.
X. French. H. Ehrlich, W. J. Gerrard,
William Bloch. Martin Keating. F. M.
Rust, J. XV. S. Bailey, John M. Loane,
H. Schroder and Martin Hester. The
case was continued Monday morn
ing at the request of Attorney W. S.
Barnes, who said he had just been re
tained by the defendant and wanted
time to familiaiize himself with the
facts. Assistant District Attorney
Whiting represents the people.
Claims "Mammy* 1 Pieasant'3
Mind Was Unsound When She
Executed Her Last Testament
Accorded Full
Governor Is Determined That
State University Shall Be
Thousands of Animals at San
Clemente, Off Southern Cali
fornia Coast, Are Endangered
A. Tsonvas Accused of Beating a Man Badly
in.. Trying to Collect a Small Amount
in Dispute — Private . Poker Game Legal
Mrs'. West, Disheartened l)y
Poverty, Makes Away "With
Herself by Turning on Gas
YiVe President of Defunct Com
mission Company Is Charged
"With lYJonv Embezzlement
STRENUOUS WAITER IS TRIED
FOR ROUGH COLLECTION WORK
MOTHER DIES
LIKE DAUGHTER
FREDERICK BELL
FILES CONTEST
HEAD OF STATE
GIVES HIS AID
JURY SECURED
TO TRY KRATZ
SHEEP STARVE
ON AN ISLAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, JANUARY ,'. 20, 1904,
We give special attention to prevailing
forms and engrave visiting cards, wed
ding invitations and announcements cor
rectly and reasonably; crest and address
dies made to order. Sunburn, Vail &. Co.*
There were seven youngsters before
Judge 1 ritz yesterday on the charge of
throwing rocks on Stoneman street.
When one comes to look at the name
the suggestive theory sticks out like a
Bore thumb. Any kid who lives on
Stoneman street and doesn't throw
rocks must be backward in intellect.
All of the boys were booked for com
mitment to a public institution, but
the parents were in court with prom
ises of good behavior and the youths
were let go.
Nicholas Pastene, the "Un-memorial
Kid.' who testified in the case of the
alleged murder of Vincenso LavagnJno
and lied so abundantly before Judge
Conlan \' -t he \va3 ordered into cus-
the amount of money that will be
needed.
President Wheeler admitted that he
did not know just what would be re
quired, so Commissioner Filcher says.
The Commissioner also says that $1000
ought to pay for collecting and ' in
stalling the university- exhibit at St.
Louis, considering 1 the California Com
mission' will pay the freight upon* all
exhibits. The outcome of the inter
view between Governor ' Pardee and
Commissioner Filcher will probably be
satisfactory to the university men. who
were willing that the products of the
soil should be well represented, but
also entertained the idea that the
State's chief educational institution
was also worthy to be shown as repre
sentative of .California.
11
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK
12*31 This Order to The San Tranciico Call Wit> 75c
. . - -
Tlic San Francisco Call.
Inclofcd herewith please find "5C for which send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century. Cook Book. (Fifly
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the «5aily and Sunday paper, and. the additional 25c is
STATE
y^S^^^vf^ 7^^^^^^ ¦ "ftK AR Mrs - Pinkham:— I have been married for nearly two years, and so far have
B 0 V * C<^8S£« \ \ Talue of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound was called to my
%jffi' * * # *iK|iJpA \ \ attention by an intimate friend, whose life had simply been a torture with inflammation
p^^V *iP^^^l^^^^^^^^fen^^^^^^^^^^^^ ciTuu^es 111 seem easy now, for I feel so strong I can do three times* what I used to do. '^S^^^^W;
''^^^^§^S'|mB|^^B| iSi\IIil^^^'l^^^^^^ seems to be the universal woman's medicine for the high and low, rich and poor; and why not ? The organ-
•"S^-SWi^^ ism of all women is alike, and the society woman is just as susceptible to the ills of womankind as are her
\^^<^^'m^^^mW^^l\i W^W^^l^^'^S^^S 4 less fpvored sisters, but owing to their inherent distaste for advertised articles will resort to all other methods -" £^&4||
I WilM^m^^^^^^^^'^ for a cure first. Yet it is a fact worth recording that Mrs. Pinkham is constantly receiving letters from women '0^fyM
it*^^^S^^/9?i; '#§gj^p/ML ifM-! Ww^^^^^'i^*^ of high social position, saying as a last resort and without any faith, they tried Lydia E. Pinkham s Vegeta-
OTAV^^ ble Compound and were completely cured by it. She actually has thousands of such letters. '$0&?p%?
if* >y *//// iliV / /////// /////^ y^O^r'ji ** v^^^v^^^^>v From t- vast experience in treating female ills, extending over 20 years, Mrs. Pinkham has pained a knowledge k :^>^^4^2
////'W/^wMiW///lW^f 4 C V VC^^v^^v^; Jb which is of untoldvalueto every ailing young: woman. Her advice is very sure to help. If you need such help, write l^l^^'J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, lmm^ , M _ jiil— iimumi ii ¦ »m ¦mm "
A TRIUMPH
••••iii****
0 F =
V I f* j topics
E 1 *^ p THAT ARE
£ IV ** TIMELY.
5 Cents b '
A UNION
N p LABOR
D # AND
CORPORATE
U j CAPITAL-
M SJ.50 ASSAILED.
0 I A
N
" o EXTKRTAJNING I
T 3 | R | FROM !
H v COVER TO
L Year covhr.
x ¦
All News Stands !
FEBRUARY
OVERLAND MONTHLYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 20, 1904.
12
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for >4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Mor.tgrmery. rooms 9-10; ttl. :j«86.
DEXTISTS.
DR. LU.OLUM HIU* 1413
— No charge for extracting when plates are
mail?: old slate* made over like new; teeth
from $$ per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plat?— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings, tl)c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranttd. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
A. ARTHUR CIIISHOLM. surgeon oentist.
room 14. Phflan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2T.5 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up;fillings 25c.
GOLD filling*. 75c; silver. :;5c; crowns, $2; no
pain; op»n Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
SSSI AJKiER SjlX DJ5E A M S T II E S S E S
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
¦ Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. ~~~
ANOTHER enlargement at CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGK: an army of workmen
are putting the finishing touches on our new
home, 901-!)2D Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has been one
of the greatest successes of the West; IS 00U
tsquare feet, ;!5 rooms. 45O ntudents, IS teach-
ers. Write for 73-page, illustrated catalogue
The growing life and enthusiasm here will
be a constant Inspiration to you.
AYRES, the leading business college 723 Mar
ket st.; established IS years; life scholarship
$50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing'
arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions secured
. the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants ri«
eelved ih.m 0 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Muscio. principal: exceptional advantareV-
largest school of the kind in the West" send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Ma"n
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE 24 PO«T ' «T
l-\— Bookkeeping- shorthand, touch tvni'ie
language*, telegraphy. English branches! day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited pre^amoTTlcho^l
for tne university, law and medical colleges-
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
«r.r; day and evening sessions. PheUn bids.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Potk .t
between Pine ami California; both adult and
children a classes are now open for the season.
A LARGER ard better school thah ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Kills bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1230 Market St. business
HEALD'S School of. Mlnea & Electriclty.24 Post
St., S. F.; a practical school of engtneer.ng;
comrlete equipment. Spectal catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mfn.. mech.. sur-
vey. ass*y. cyanide; day. ev.; cut. 1864 Van
dcr Naillen School, 11.1 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CARLOS N. KELLER, tenor soloist and teach-
er of the art of SINGING; piano taurht.
Studio 361 Geary st.
CliAlRVQYAXTS — Coiitlnaed.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~THEFAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In all
affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 45C3.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently .located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk: private readings dally, 10 a.
hi. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. RAVENNA reads life, business advice,
names given. 25c up; owing to repairs at 5 4th
will receive patrons 8.15 Howard until Feb 1.
MRS. A. 1 l7~KRON ENBERG, pa imTsX claTr"
• voyant. card reader: when others fail try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MME. PARKHURST\ clairvoyant and card
reader; business advice: sittings dally: 10 ta
12 a. m.. 1 to 7 p. m.; 2^5c up. 3S McAllister.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
-'OVi Kearny, room 20; ladies. 25c; gents, 50c.
MISS WARD, for a few days. 917 Market, 1 mx.
11-12; srives dates, names, facts. Hours 11-0."
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; 1. 50c, g..$l. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G av#
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, rard reader, re-
lnoved from 132 6th to 23*^ 6th; la. 25c,g. 50c.
MME. LE FERN, the card reader, haa re-
moved from 1C9 Fifth st. to 113 Ninth et.
CLAIRVOYANT— 2303 Folsom «t.; 25c and 50c:
hours. 10 to 5.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader;' sit-
tings daily. 44S'i Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEAMXG.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. T\ Comoressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phor.e Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpc-t-beat-
lng Works. 368-857 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Work's. 1S0O Har-
rison «t. : Al cleaning: Sc. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS. : excellent caroet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1472 Howard ;tel.South 210.
ADVANCE. Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
_tel. Main 391. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. ?703 Harrlron rt.; tcl.rjlsslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 28.
COTTAGES TO LET.
DOLORES. 639 — Upper cart of lovely cottage.'
six rooms: $18: garden: water free.
' ..__'.. CMTBES »TT VI' QBE.
WHO" DOES TF? HUNTER. 1206 Market «L
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
LODGING HOUSES FOIt SALE— Con.
WHY pay rent when Andersen will sell you a
lodging-house on easy payments? ANDER-
SEN, 035 Market St.. room I.
10 ROOMS: cheap rent; part cash, balance pay-
ments. J. AN DERSEN, 035 Market st.. r. 1.
18 ROOMS; rent $75; price $1200; easy pay-
ments. ANDERSEN. «35 Market st.
MUST sell my two rooming houses, one aouth
and one north of Market, before March 1. as
I am called lo Alaska; If you want a bar-
gain see my 28-room house, rent $37 50,
clears $60. See owner, 417 Stockton st.
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
SI£E; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2856,
CALL. OFFICE
FAMILY hotel, across the bay; aunny corner;
central; C4 rooms; rent $115: clears $550 per
month; a bargain: must sell.. Address box
t'4S Cal! office.
A NEWLY furnished house; all oak furniture;
10 rooms, a'l rented; will sell at valuation of
furniture. 710 Ellis st.
FOK sale— Lodging house, 32 rooms, $2850;
dowu town on urominent street, near Market.
Box 9.">6. Call.
HOUSE, nood location. 4 blocks from Market
Ft.; 15 rooms; good paying house; will fell
•¦-- --iable; low rent. Box 650. Call.
LODGING house, 22 rooms; price $2750; on
Powell st.; centra! location. Box 512, Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting
peace with the one you love; j readings by
mail most satisfactory, $2: readings dally,
SI;, developing class Thursday, 8 p. m. 502
Eddy st.
MRS. CRINDLE, materializing seance, Friday
eve.. fiCc. 328 EUI3 at., 8 o'clock.
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium: cir-
cle to-night, 10c; read, dally. 34 6th, rm. 8.
MRS. KOTTER. circle every night, 10c: i"«vel-
oping circle Mon. eve. ; sit. daily. 43 8>^th.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
plate-writer. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S clrcU Friday ere..
25c: sit, dally. 1000 Harrison: tel. Mint 097
EDWARD. EARLE. !Oil2 Ellis. r»»dln»ts dauy,
B:SO to 4; seance* Sunday und Thursday. '
CLAIRVOVAXTS.
A— PAUL DE'sflNE* '
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant
and Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If, I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife or Bweetheart
is true or false; tell who and when you will
marry; In fact, I will tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can. tell -yourself; I
reunite the separated, restore lost affections,
cause happy marriage, give good luck, restore
lost energy; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sunday, y to 6.
326 O'Farrell st. Low fee this week— $1.
RETURNED from her European trip — Miss 13.'.
Wille. clairvoyant, crystal seer; readings
daily |1; hrs 10 to 8. 460 Geary, tel. Green 30.
ATTORXEVr-AT-LAW.
" wT^r^ITTNEK, .
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 222. Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces qu!ctly nn<5 legally obtained for
e-pht causes; dan-.cges secured for injuries to
perron or estate: replevins for property un-
lawfully detained ; attachments and garnish-
ments for debts: bends furnished: bankruptcy
pnx-cedlnjr«; wills probated; estates settled;
collisions n-.ade In all part6 of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce fcr a Email fee.
See me anj save money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORXET-AT-LAW.
K>tab!isrted 22 yrs.; rms>. 1, 2. 3, 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1 1 22 Market st. between llason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. K1XG. Aitorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg.. -
Cth floor, entrance room (111; established 20
yrar*-; all cases; gen«-ral court and office prac-
tice; no fee «n advance or for consultation;
pveningF by aroointmont. Tel. Hed 3001.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous caies; divorce*, probate and all other law
cases; n^ fees in advance: cpen every even-
Ing. J. M. TI1URSTON. ST9 Market Et..r. 31.
advice1t.ee.
Columbian Law jind Collection Agency,
Room 85. 016 Market st.: tel John C228.
DIVORCE — CcstB, $12: <julck, <julet; advice
free; cpen evenings. 927 Market St.. r. 301.
L.. B. CLARK, 927 Market St.; consultation
free; no fets In advance: open evenings.
ASTROLOGY.
MRS. J. FRANCIS, aftrologlst: lessons; read-
Inge; hours 10 to 5. Suite 10. Hotel Langham.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
Selling; cut Roller Canary Bird*, males and fe-
males; Goldfinch Canary mulee. 3168 16th st.
""BUSINESS JCI£AXCES. £
A— S3500; THE leading restaurant of this city,
rent $150; surrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladies; a first-class paying place,
K. G. WILKE. 20y» Kearny st.
A— $1600; SALOON; rent $40; place doing a
good business; clearing for owner at least
$^50 per month; patronized by merchants and
printers mostly; no night or Sunday work; a
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2Cft
— Kearny tt. _•
A— $1200; CORNER saloon on Clay St.. near
Front: mercantile lunch; rent $45; establish-
ed yrars; good business. R. Q. WILKB,
26 Vi Kearny st. ¦ •
A— $S00; CIGAR stand on California St.. near
Eansome; rent $40; value in sight: a p!ac»
where any sian easily can clear $200 per
aonih. £ee R. G. WILKE. 26Va Kearpy «t.
A— $1CCO; RESTAURANT and. coffea saloon
just a few doors from Market st. ; owners
clearing at least $300 per month; will give
trial to purchaser If he means business;
rtckr.eis of one of the partners only cause
of sale. If you Invest in this business your
incnev is well Invested. See R. G. WILKE,
26>S Kearny st.
A— $4000; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; net rent $G5; lease: this Is one of the
leading and best paying places in this city;
no n!ght work. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4
Kearcy ft.
A — $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
More; close to Market and Stockton st*. ;
large stock: clears at least $250 per month;
full value In sight; a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2Cii' Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn, 1 cart. 1 electrlo
piano: 10 years' lease; rent $43; price $3000;
business very good; that Is all. For particu-
lars tee R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— $1500; BUTCHER shop In Western Addi-
tlon: rent $40; weekly tale about 4 steers.
25 sheep; 1 horse, 1 wagon; daily receipts
about $40. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $1750; CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero st. ;_ lease; a good paying business;
fresh stock; 'all cash trade. Particulars R.
G WILKE. 2614 Kearny st.
A— $1400; CORNER grocery and bar on De-
vUadero St.; owner haa a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compel him to
leave for East. Bee R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $600; DRY goods and notion store wlth»4
fire furnished rooms on Mission st.; splendid
rhance for man and wife. Call R G.
WILKE. 26VJ Kearny st
A — S1500; THE best oyster stand In, Portland.
Or. : a man with first-class references can
leave $700 stand on the business. Bee R. G.
WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $500— BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; daily receipts about $10;
choicest iocation In the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE. 2QVj Kearny Et.
A— $-500; GROCERY and bar on Howard St.:
living rooms; rent Sl'0; good place. See R.
G. WILKE. 264 Kearny et.
FOR sali; cr exi hange for large rooming or
apartment house, 12* acres, near Santa Cruz;
b-rocm modern cottage; hot and cold water;
all well furnished; 40 acres vineyard; 20
acres grain; S0O apple tre?s; 30o rherries;
ITpO prunes; also pear trees; wine tanks hold-
ing S00O eallcns; ail cooperage; large barn:
packing-houses; blacksmith shop equipped
v.ith iooIs; 2-room house for hired man;
also quarters for oth*r help; 7 more acres
ready for setting more graces; several ccrds
wocd cut: dryers; incubators: 2 hcrses: wag-
Vns; earriai:*; 2 piss; 6 sheep: Jersey cow;
4» chickens; farming implements; plenty
nil kinds racking boxes; flowers of all kinds;
fountain with coldflVh; balance of land In
Umber; rut-nins cretk passes house; water
Hped all over place; In case of trade will
pay difference in cash; price $12,<XK): an
ideal !:orr.e. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assay s $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'ms house or business. Cameron, 2 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well-located candy store; all equip-
ped for making own randies; established 8
> ears; clearing over $200 per month; will in-
voice about $120u. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
FOK cale — One of the bett restaurants in city;
'heap «vnt; receipts $75 to $100 per day; will
bear Investigation: price $1500; also one In
Kood location for $.i50. CAMERON & CO.,
3 I-Jddy st.
A— 3 PER CENT MONTHLY. .
On inveFUmnts of $lou and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bilne scheme; but a reputable, established
buelnm enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
$«7.wu last year on $100,000 capital; stocit
Increased $1'0.000 to enlarge plant; call
or write 'or tiartirulars.
GERM AN I A* INVEST. CO., Market «L
OUR new. "Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
per cent In the past 22 days on Frisco races;
for proof? and references ask any subscriber
on our list, or call and Investigate; explana-
tion free to rCCQlar subscribers at our office
only; coronissiors handled c:i this system for
25 per cent of the net weekly profits. Terms
for cur Handicap sheets, $2 per day or $10
p»r week. >;. s. HAND, expert handicapper,
100ms 1. 2 and 3, 113 Stockton St., S. F.
FOP. Fain— P,utc!icr *lioj>. Western Addition'
¦ relKlib^riiood first class; nothing but best of
trad" at good prices; fixtures r.cr/ and first
ela>s; borse, wucon ar.d cart and all tools;
a C_o<,ii wiiton trade: will sen everything for
$1<«"i'». I!ox 'M4. C?II office: no agents.
IF I can shew you that I have a turf system
whirh l.as not lia.i a losing day will you put
up fCCO with my $500 t o operate it?. We can
make $CfO'J in tv.clve weeks. Box 032. Call.
TAILORING r.nd gents' furnishing business
fcr *ale; doine the largest business In one
of Ibe b?n Cties en Fuset Sound; excellent
opportunity tor two young men v.ith small
capital. Address C. ROBERTS. 101 Va-
l'.rjo jrt., city.
A— PROFITS $2i»0 mctUh: cigars, billiards and
clul.r.-om; r<nt *4.">; lease; invoices $I&)0-
near ntw pwiortice: call, investigate, make
offer to SK1RM. room 72, St. Ann's building.
ANY ore ran make $2000 clear in three to six
months l>y investing ?C0O; no chance to lose;
one who wishes can jrive a part or all of
tiicir tirr.;^ preferred. Box 929. Call office.
A — $C00; FRUIT More; horse and wagon; cash
register; fafe; large rtock. Eureka Co. 710
Market tt. * .
$550 — CANDIES and fine pastry; fancy trade-
electricity: central location; a newly fur-
ni.vlied 100ms. Box 97", Call.
2-CHAIR barber shop, $50; flat of 7 rooms,
MSO; saloon with 14 funi. rooms, *SOO
iscston Heal Estate Co., S Mason st.
WILL sell for ?150 a business paying $S0 to
$1W pei month For information address
box CU1». Call office. aaarcia
i AN established butcher business; $.300 a week*
i rent $20; rtable. Box OSS, Call office. Phone
Church 45'Jo.
FOK ealc, account of sickness, corner ealcon
and lunch houss, including 6 furnished rooms
j Inquire Broadway Brewery. 19th and Folsom.
DELICATESSEN etore for ca7e; centrally lo-
cated: *n Western Addition: good trade; on
car line: no competition. Box fcSl. Call.
RESTAURANT In Oakland, on principal
street: central: meals 10c and up: «-ood
trade: :ow rent; make offer. Box S87, Call.
WILL, sell my dye works in Oakland: good
ouslntsa; profits blr. Address for particu-
lary. box 713, Call.
A— $4<K): CIGAR stand on corner. Inquire S
Hyde st. • . ;-.-- » u j-it
A FINE piano busineiui cheap for cash; inves-
tigate. Box 528, Call.
nUSIXESS CHANCES— Contlnaed. j
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT,
917 Market St. 1! — OFFICES — 2 719 Market st
Bet. 5th and 6th. Near Call Bldg.
Folsom 1840. PHONE. Black 685i.\
A— ?400— SALOOX, water front: pood fixtures,
stock; rent ?20; must sell. BIIOOKBANK...
A— $275— PARTNER tn well established pho-
nograph and amusement parlor; Market nt.
dear $80 mo. each. BROOKBANK.
A— $000— CIGAR, stand; Market St., near Call
bldg.; dally receipts $25; leaee. Brookbank.
A— $500— BRANCH bakery, grocery, notions,
candles, cigars, tobaccos; receipts $12 dally;
C furn. living rms.; rent $20. BROOKBANK.
A— ?350— FA RTN ER in well established office
business; no experience required: this Is a
fine chanee for party who is satisfied with
$100 month; investigate. See BROOKBANK.
A— BRANCH bakery, candles, notions, etc. :" 3
furn. living rms.; make offer. BROOKBANK.
$1050; Investigate; well etocKe.d, good paying
cor, bazaar; must be sold. 1C0O Devisadero.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works; good location. Box 526. Call office.
$7D0— DELICATESSEN rtore, with 15 ateady
boarders; can Increase trade. Box 065. Call.
FOR sale — Oyster and chop house; cause,
trouble bet. partners; must be sold. G03'.i 4th.
A BRANCH office of The Call for- tho recep"
tlon of 'advertisements and subscriptions haa
been opened at 100S Market it., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m,
LOntilXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO., PhoneTsouttTlOBo"
3 Eddy et.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
106-room modern family hotel: swell loca-
tion; first-class trade; ocean baths; eyery thing
up to date; clearing $1200 per month; will be
sacrificed for one-third less than cost to fur-
nish; obliged to leave February 1; price, $15,-
ouo. *
20 rooms; rent $75; 2 years' lease; good per-
manent and transient house; price J1200.
44 rooms; rent only $125; 5 years' lease: run-
ning water; everything In good condition;
clears $125 to $150 per month; price $2800.
19 rooms; corner; rent $95; oak furniture;
rood carpets; hair mattresses; part cash, bal-
ance on time.
68 rooms; rent $250; 2 years' lease; well fur-
nished throughout: clOEe in; first-class board-
ing-house; clears $260 per month.
6 rooms and bath; rent $18; water free; new,
modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
220 rooms; grand, new, modern apartm»nt-
houee; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $400 to $600 per month; golden oppor-
tunity.
SO rooms; rent $95; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
125 rooms; first-class downtown houee; 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see thle.
116 rooms; new, elegantly appointed apart-
ment-hopse; one cf. the swellest in city; clear-
ing JSOO to $B00 month; splendid opportunity.
7-room, new, modern flat: $430 cash, balance
on Installments; income $45; price $550.
24 rooms; rent $140; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close in; always full.
1*32 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern bulidlng; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $40d per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
8 rooms; golden oak fur.; Moquet carpets,
ell paintings; must leave city; make offer.
50 rooms; rent only $200; downtown house;
always full; clearing $200 to $300 month; new-
ly renovated and in fine condition.
15 rooms; Van Ness ave.; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain if taken at once.
SS rooms: bonton location: elegant building;
luxuriously furnished; all modern conveniences;
grand entrance and halls; strictly, up to date;
called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture: Brussels car-
pets; clears f.Vi; $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $S00.
6!» rooms; new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and up to date; hot and
cold waip,r every room; $4000 cash necessary.
7 rooms; rent $3S: modern house; new furni-
ture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house: fine furniture: hair mattresses;
clearing over $200 month; price $1000.
24 rooms; rent only $136; first-class condi-
tion; oak. mahogany, blrdseye maple furni-
ture: extra fine carpets; rlears $70; price
$2000; half cath, balance l',A per cent.
10 rooms; rent $50; close in; oak, blrdseye
maple fur.; fine carpets: elegant little transient
house; clears $125; part cash; price $600.
15 rooms: Van Ness ave.: rent $S5; oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200; al-
most new.
SO rooms; cheap rent; furnished last June;
oak furniture; Brussels carpets: clears over
?2C0 per month; half cash, balance 1 per cent;
owner sick In bed.
60 rooms; Bush; rent only $1«2; good furni-
ture, carpets: clearing over J200 per month;
only 14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work; a snap.
31 rooms: rent $110; fur., carpets new; clears
over $100 per mo.; 2 years' lease; wife sick In
hospital; part cash; $1600.
10 rooms: rent $45; new carpets; newly pa-
pered and painted; clears $30; $450 cash, bal-
ance time.
6 rooms; Geary; rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200.
12 rooms; rent $60; oak and mahogany fur.;
good carpets: fine yard, and garden In rear;
brings in $60; leaves balance landlady; price
$900.
6 rooms; rent $35; oak fur., Brussels carpets;
3. rooms rented for $28; price $300.
20 rooms: rent only $35; good fur. and car-
pets; clearing $75; owner there 7 years; full;
sickness; $600.
17 rooms- rent $60; oak fur., good carpets;
clearing $70; mtg. $700 can stand;reduced $1050.
20 rooms; rent only $100: downtown; perma-
nent roomers; clears $90 per mo.; going East;
$2100.
MARION GRIFFIN.
40C Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In fine front offices.
Phone Black :$t>07, or take ele%-ator to 4th floor.
Kp-to-dale tltlo abstract free with every sale.
We &o business strictly according to law.
10.-5 ROOMS— ARISTOCRATIC.
New ana modern apartments, elegantly fur-
nished: S-year lease: income ?1007; expenses
$639; exact profit $15S per month; the why,
sickness.
30 ROOMS— SWELL.
New and modern; extra fine furnishing*; hot
water in every room; fashionable location; only
$2000 cash necessary; clears $175 month.
50-ROOM CORNER.
New *nd modern; 4-ycar lease; price $4000;
clears $207 per mcntli : almoj-t no work.
24 ROOMS— EXTRA.
New and modern; on Sutter at.; elegantly
furnished, and clears $150 to $175 monthly.
20 UP-TO-DATE ROOMS.
New and modern; mahogany furniture;
heavy Brussels carprm; hair mattresses; clean
and quiet; Income fill over expenses; all per-
manent roomers.
15-ROOM SNAP.
New and modern; splendid sunny corner;
clears $S0; will tell for $12CO less than cost.
10 ROOMS ON SUNNY SIDE.
New and modern: rent $50: full of nice peo-
ple; Emali amount down and monthly install-
ments.
44 ROOMS— A MINT.
Others have cleared $5C0 a month in this
house; better Investigate and make an offer.
11 ROOMS— A GIFT.
Only $150; big bargain; only partly furnished;
full of roomers: price only $150 U. S. money.
¦65 ROOMS— DEPENDABLE.
New and modern :.5-ycar lease; splendid fur-
nishings; profit $452 over nil expenses.
£1 ROOMS— O. K.
Centrally located, north of Market st:; part
offices; clears steadily $90 month; very easy
terms.
40-P.OOM SNAP.
New house; new furniture: owner has rheu-
matism and compelled to. sell: price asked li
$3000.
28 ROOMS— CHEAP.
Cheap rent. $50: cheap house, $1250; but it
must be told: full: part housekeeping.
22 ROOMS— SWELL..
Spacious grounds: corner; homelike; nice
class of roomers; rent only $125; profit $200.
82-ROOM HOTEL.
Mechanics' headquarters; well • established;
a full hpuse all the time; bar; a splendid busi-
ness.
15 ROOMS— PERMANENT &. TRANSIENT.
Good for $100 month; $1200; one-third down.
$550 — B«£t payln* trans, house with liquor II.
cense, clearing $200 monthly. Eureka. 719 Mkt.
THE^CALL
JOHN O. JProprletor. j
l-ijtS rrmnninijflllmi ID JOH'i Ed AD&HT, EfliagT j
¦ J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONC
. for THE CALL. TU* Operator WHI Con-
:.ett You With the Department You Wsh.
tuicaUen Cfflcf Market and Third. S. F.
£uftorUI r.oorn 217 to 221 Stevenson »t. j
:.cilv«red by Carrier?. 2n Cts. Per W"" k . T5
Cts Per Month, ilirgle Copies SCrati
T.rnu by XJalJ. lncludins Postage U-ash Wltn
Order) :
DAILY CALL dnrlud. BowS*T). 1 year. .$•.<«
? MI.T CALL (Ir.dud. Sunday*. C mos.. 4.C0
: -AILY CALL— By Shijrle Mcnih 'jj*
MXDAT CALL. 1 War *•*£
V .KEKLT CALL. 1 Tear • 10 °
rorr ,..., paiiv..$S.S0 Per Tear Kxtra
£«-£.:- Jpanday! 4.13 ler Year Kxtra
I OSXAGK. J^peeldj! 100 1'er Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
feirple Copies «:il be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscriber* in ordering chance or «a-
«re«« »r.ou!d be particular to give both Miw
AM, OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
»'."czaj>t and correct compliance with tner r»-
I cest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
:il8 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BEPJCELET OFFICE.
n«S Certer Bireet Telephone Korta . «
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
M02TCN E. CRANE... 1400 G Street. N. W.
KEW TORIC NEWS STANDS:
W«j<Jorf-Astcna Hc:*l: A. Bretaro. 81
i:r.!on t-cuare; M'jrray HIU Hole 1 .; Fifth -av»-
fcue Hotel an4 Hodman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
F-bencan li <..-«. P O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel- Trenior.t Hcuse; Auditorium
Kctel; Fa!ir.fr House.
CHICAGO nnPnESENTATIVF:
C. CEORGE Ki:PCNKf=S..Marqu*tts Bu'.ldlrtr
<Lcr.g Distance Telephone. •'Central -Ol».">
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Bullilin*
NEW TOrjv CORIlESrONDE'JT:
C. C. CAHLTGN..- Herald Square
BDEXlfESS OFFIC3 of th« Pan Francisco
<~#'l corner ilaiktt end Th.r-1 ytretM: cpen
' un"! 12 o'clock every r.irbt in the year.
bpa::ch offices:
leW Market etreet opposite TiJth; cpen until
U P. a.
fr. Mc-.tectre.-y atree: corner Clay; open ua-
rtU 9:S0 p- tn.
8 r >O Vsyes strse*; open tint'.l 8:30 P- m.
.«•"•» McAii.fcter Sir-.-et; crfn urtil 8:30 p. m.
.?i.i I»rk;.? street: open ur.til 9:33 p. m.
"»<' j>ii«*ioa street; open until 10 p. m.
?Ci Market E*..-ect. coruer Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. m.
"^ E!»vrr.tn strict; cpen until 9 j. ra.
K0G Valenc:* efreet; cp<»n urtil S p. ra.
Northeast ccrr.er Church and Duncan streets;
cr<-n untli 0 p. rn.
Vorrtnreat comer cf Ttcenty-^econS a.ni Ken-
'\,'<:k street*; opon until 6 p. m.
V200 nv.zr.OTe Ftre<t; cp«i ur.til 9 p. m.
J MECTIXC NOTICES.
CALIKOltN'IA <". m.-ijand'ry No. 1. K.
¦'i<pu!ar assesabty Tills EVEN-
1N<J. at 7:^0. Order of th« Ttinpie. CJ
All fratfis poarteotudr invited. H
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander. "^
T. L. HENHEHSON. Recorder.
PAST Masters' Association of Califor- r
nia. F. and A. M.— Memlien; will as- f\
nesibl* at thf Masonic Terr.ple FR1- /<5}v
DAT. at ;! o'cloi-k. for the purpose of O^t*
_ uttcnding tho funeral service? of our late I
brother, william a dams stiaiit. Past
Uaster of ExrolFior LoJje No. ICC, F. and
A. II. I3y onder of the 1'rosident.
II. J. OWEN. Secretary.
PACIFIC Loiee No. 139. F. and A. M . o
Maaoote Temrle. will meet TliiS*vV^
K\ EN'ING. 7 o'clock. Third d^ree. y^/\
GEOKGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
EXCEL6X0B Lodge No. 1C«. F and A.
M. — Officers and meml)frs are re-
fppctfully rr>qu«»Ktc»i to »ss*-n:hl<! at ,/^A
Ui<» Temple FRIDAY. January :.".*. at
1 :."J0 o'clock, fur the purpose of conducting
the funeral service* of our late brother Hnd
ia«t' master. WILLIAM ADAMS STL' \HT
By order of the W. M.
p H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
APOUX) Lodge No. 12T 1. o. o. .¦^ r^.~.
P"- — Initiation FRIDAY NIGHT. ¦' tfcJdKi^i.
Aar.\:y -:• g i clock \ > • • s -;yr<5*G*"5
Rlways welcome. Amendment lo '^Elw?^'"
by-laws, to be considered.
-. GEORGE C. TERRILL N. G.
¦ F. NURCKOSS. necerding Setr-tay.
~~ ' ~~~ |
SAN" IT. A NCI SCO Tent No 1« >v@7^^.
'¦ '• T M Review THIS £?* ***£<
ii IFIUDAY) EVENING, at s LJ&i ifl V^l
o'clor-kj 1 Pioneer Hall, 2i OV* *^Jl
GEOGRAPHICAL Bodety or the Pacific_A
Ftatfd niee;ir, K will be held SATURDAY
.January W. at 1 :0't p. m.. In the room?. 419
• "al.'fomia st., to censidtr an amendment to
ln-:aws. By order
GEO DAVIDSON. President,
j J<iHN PARTRIDGE. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine »>y hydraulic
irocers from Lswrenc? Canatts. ln*Al«=riir.
Duma* placer claim ne3r Volcano Amador
County. Cal.. draining Jnta Dry Crcfl:.
wY.ich rrarhes Mokclumne River; from Lulgi
end Victoria D<-martini. In Railroad Hill
• Jravel mine. rear Calaverit^s Calavc-an
County. Cal.. draining Into San Antone
Creek, which reaches <"alavera.« River, gives
rotlcrs that meeting will be held at room M
Klood bnlMIac Kan Franc'.sco Cal. Feb 8
ZW4. at 1 :«¦'). p. ra. ,
ANNUAL Me. line— Ttic reEular annual meet-
ing of the stockholder* of The National lc#
Company will be held i.t the oflice of the
,. cempany. 227 Market st.. :-sn Trancisco Cal
<-n WEDNESDAY, thv ad iay of February"
3tiO4. at the hour 1) o'clock a. m.. -or the
M'rpose cf electine a boarl of directors to
• rve for tlie crt-uing ;ear and the trantac-
i:cn cf fucti rtijcr buElncss aa may come
before the rnetting.
_' J. T. DONAH CE. Eecrettry.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
irg cf the stockholders of th; Union Trust
C^npar.y of San Franci3co will !,(. |, e id at the
r'nee cf ti.e company In the Crjior Trust
Compai.y'ti fcuildins.' oorner Pest. M^ntirom-
rry and Market ets.. San Fraru-Jsco Ca' on
T«v.RSDAV. the 4th day of February iboi
, at tne h'.ur of S o'clock p. rn., for the pur-
l>cfce of electir^ s board cf direclcrs to serve
Tar «M U Ilcwlng >ear. the amendment cf the
f by-ton cf the company and U.e transaction
rr t-jrh .ther DBllucu a.% may come before
ir.e ir.e'tir.g.
CHARLES j. PEERING. Secret-try.
THE rrnual tne.f ins ,f th e EtockhoW.-r, ,, t
.so. 1"J9 r r <yk-r tU:!ain S . City nn d Coraty
. f Pan State of ral <orria rX
aaOXDAT. ttm Mh Cay of February ?t
'-* Cf l ), ° ° IOck a m • for «« Purpose
rf electing directors for the ensuing year
«• nd the tranrartion of 5-jch other butoexTts
n;rv come befor- raid DeeUl«. Daiod at
Fsn Francisco, Cai.. Jar.urrv lafti c
' :> FRESilMAN. Secretary. ' '
ANNUAL- Mretlng—Tbe ifgula- am-ii .
it« cf the stockhoioen. of th" IJatson Vav-"
paucn Con-.pany t.III 1< ] le ;u at Um offire Vf
•h- company. .TJ7 Market ft.. ,«an FrancT«=c^
<««.. on THUKSDAV. the l!th davVf FVbS'
arr. IWM. at rhe hw of 2 o'clock r m fc^
;». purpoM of clectirs a board of directors
lo «crve fcr the msuins ;e.ar and the trans!
r-i-on Of tuch other burincts as may come
hef/orc ?»<• mee-lr.g.
GLORGr: A. nOL'CLAS.g. Se-rcta ry.
wasted"
COMPETENT plefflwa to ir.troducV^theTe^
¦ rmbir.nUnn Li>, Accident and Health nod
r >>. sold estiujivfly by the Conservative
.^-ire Insurance Co..: inraraure h *ore»
s^i.000.000: ae^ew. $L4«0,000; i^Ii.-ios re-i.1
; tercd with insurjiiirc «Jepart.:neiu; ivservede-
; •¦r\:<6 irlth fctate Treasurer: now -nritiT"-
M.WO.flOO of r>iiBJn«-FS per month in Callfur*
•v:: liberal renewal cootrarU dirpct vi'h
••¦ innany; r<pre S ematfve S irnkin K U Z meie'v
• a.J or aodr»r>! the onninany, ?1P Goarv «?"
, Mil Cocr. E&n I'renrfooo. ' ""
¦'.ANTED— Agent* and representatives of pcod
.-¦..ureKS for a larjje financial institution:
i.nlrt.nc «n4 loan «nd insurance men can
'.islly m*V.» from $200 to $.'i(to i>er month
Call or write Secretary, room 713 Market
:t., San Francisco.
LADY *n<3 p»rtleman accnts wantej'fiu a
home-hulldin? corporsticn; biff monev for
rirrl't party, n^nc :>¥!, call.
IAXiyEKTTSiratEarT wsiTiira. •
AVING recently nctjaircd through Exchanre
ct properly three $40 scholarships !n the Lest
Collrge or Advcrtlsinsr In the United States.
I »ill sell them at per cent discount fcr
carti: the college teaches advertisement wrlt-
Irg by correspondence and aaslsts It* grad-
uates to secur* positions: catalogues fur-
cated on a«>licatton. Address box 3028. Call,
i
PORTFOLIO OF CALIFORNIA VIEWS FREETO
EDIC \TIOXAIi— Continued.
•™6ol. OF ILLi;STRATIO.V....... i; l'»j; ajjl
EMPLOYMEST QTVM*W3±.»-
EMPLOJ-
MEXT OFFICK and Hnusecteanlng Co >., 1^1
Tine. nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Pol* 3C«fi.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Tost st. : tel. Bush 13.^—
Jarane^Cbin'-s* employment offlf'j Jg-
pishes best help; contract!, for farm help, etc.
A-ORPHEUM Employment OMce-Japa™",-
<y^2l2^_ 4 g tt Pofft "' ™- Mal " 5> "
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Etnp. O"| ce - 4 , t5
Stockton: tel. Grant 16.S; expert, reliable help.
kwEDISH and German Female ="£•"*;"«««
Office. 115 Franklin »t. : phone Folsom 2S5ff.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chtneie Employment : Of -
flee; allklnda help. 315 Stockton; Main 8188.
rHf\T<;E and Japanese help: estab. 20 >'j?ars.
Teh Main 1907 BRADLEY & CO.. 610 Clay.
ElMPLOVMEATJty^^ED— FEMALE.
icANDlNAVIAN cook, first class ""*}*£
of reference, wishes a situation. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. «3> Sutter st. <
\ RELIABLE woman would like any kind et
howeWork or chamberwork by the day. Call
o? address MRS. L. LEECH. Brunswick
liou^e. 14S Slxlh »t. __^
NURSE slrl. experienced, desires place out-
sid» city. Berkeley or Vallejo preferred; good
reference s. Bos 070. Call. .
NEAT steady woman would Oka housework In
American family; Kocd plain cook. 1611
Mission st.
COMPETENT woman. Is a good cook, wants
¦ituation. city or country. In a private Amer-
ican family: moderate wages; good refer-
ences. 47 Shipley st.
GERMAN graduated teacher wishes postticn In
school or a3 coverne^s or companion; also
' Reaches French. Address F. HIRSCH. Irv-
lnston. Alameda County.
A GIRL who Is a Rood cook would like a
place to do cooking or cook Ing an d do wn-
stalrs work; wages $30. Call 241 1 Clay st.
COOK first class styles of French and
German cooking, wishes situation In f™* 19
boarding-house. Bo» 686. Call.
WANTED by a woman, work by the day.
Call 14 Hlmmelmann st.. oft Pacific, near
Taylor. .
A "WOMAN wants work by the day, washing.
Ironing and housecleanlng; fl 50 day. Bex
634. CallL __^
A POSITIOX wanted for a German gtrl to
take care of children. Call or address 5.S
Twentieth «t.. Oakland.
YOUNG lady desires position In bakery cr a*
cashier where she can room and board. «i
Nlr.th st.
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day;
washing, houaecleanlng: $1 SO a. day and
carfare. Addresa 545 Minna st.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like position a*
housekeeper. Call between 8 and 12 a. m. or
address 3153 Twenty-third st.
FRENCH girl wishes situation for second
work In good family. Please call 423 Sutter.
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Paga 1047.
A WOMAN would like to go out to work by
the day or by the week. M. B.. 8-fl Filbert.
JAPANESE Klrl would like a situation to da
light housework and conk tn a small family;
speaks good English. Box 074. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church «ts.
WANT ads and subscript Ions taken for The
Call at Eatcn's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOY3IEST WASTED MALE.
TWO farmers and wives, with best of refer-
ences, wish slfjaticna on farms. See J. F.
CROSETT &. CO., CIS Sacramento st.
POSITION wanted as coachman or gardener
by sober, rei'able man; years of experience;
first-rial's city and country references. Box
KU. Call. ; ¦
YOUNG man. speaks English. Danish, Swed-
ish and understands German, wishes a posi-
tion where he can learn to tend bar, mix
drinks, etc. Box 8S0. Call.
EMPLOTMENT wanted by an able-bodied
man: handy with tools: good worker at any-
thing: In or Out of city. J. F. Ml Commer-
cial^^
WANTED — Position as aptirentlce plumber by
strong young man: U years' experience. Ad-
drps» 12SC Eddy at.
COACHMAN and man about place wants sit-
uation In ortvats family: country preferred;
rood references. Box S»7S. Call.
POSITION as night watchman : several years'
experience: first-class ref.: bond If required.
Z. V. ULALOCK. Winchester Hotel.
COACHMAN or man about place; city r*f.
E. TREMAINE. Ross station, Marin County.
CARPENTER wants work. Box 9T3. Call
oflice.
YOUNG man (Ergijsh). ased 28. requires a
position where h* can learn to tend bar. mix
drinks, etc.; town or country: steady habits
and temperate. Box o.v;. Call office.
WANTED— By man and wife, situation; man
good gardener; wife cook or housekeeper:
best of references. Address box 1016, C*U
office. Oakland. »
YOUNG man, steady and capable, desires posi-
tion on private place first of the month: good
gardener; understands horses; good driver;
can milk. Box 1013, Call office, Oakland.
MAN and wif« with 1 child would like posf-
tion In country; wife good cook, man good
farm hand. Address 17 Fourth St., San
Francisco. MR. BALDWIN.
YOUNG mnn. temperate and steady In his
habits, desires work as porter, dishwasher,
bedmaker or nlsht watchman. M. KEN-
NEDY, SOS Sutter st.
STEADY, reliable man would like position as
Janitor, watchman, or collector; can furnish
best city references and bonds If required.
Box S78, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS, experienced butler wishes
postticn in good family; best of references.
Address box 583. Call office.
A COMPETENT cook and butler wishes 'posN
tion In first-class family: best references
given. Address box 684. Call office.
GROCERY clerk with experience wishes posi-
tion; wages no object. Address Clerk. 033
Larktn st. -
WANTED — Situation by a competent man.
care of horse* or other work on private
place: city references. Box 531. Call office.
ENGINEER and electrician desires employ-
ment: extensive experience. M. E., 901
Powell st.; phone James 4tf.
A PAINTER, paper hanger and tlnter will do
work at special prices to get started. M. U.
Morris. 1314 Geary St.; phone Polk 2159.
A FIRST-CLAPS cook wishes position In good
family; best of references. Box 582. Call.
BARTENDER, first-class reference, wants po-
sition, city cr country. McC. box 5T.3. Call.
YOUNG man, 23. seek3 situation in any capaci-
ty. J. D.. 255 Stevenson st.
BUTLER or valet, first-class man. wishes a
place. • Address box KXS, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants small set of books dur-
ing leisure time. Box 561. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation to work
two hours at night; has reference. I. T..
box 532. Call office. .
yACIAIi MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method; 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curlng parlor?. 7M Larkin st.; phone Polk 17.
FEATHER RENOVATISC.
BY new. healthful process. C^Ll£ea^i>s"ther
Co.. 323 Van Ness ave.; tei. Howard 3187.
fixaxcTal. •
4Vt PER CENT
Is paid on ordinary savings accoikita and 9
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association. 516 Cali-
fornia st. A. A, Watklns. president: Charles
R. Bishop, vice president; 8. Prentlss Smith
treasurer: Clarence Grange, secretary and mail
aging director; Gavin McNab. attorney George
C. Boarelman and Charles E. Ladd directors-
Walter Jv. Smith, cashier * alreclor "-
Sub^ c Ji£ e , < Lx Capltal - W.OOO.OOrt: paM m eapi-
tal. H.0CO.00O; reserve, fund. $200,000.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER, Lawyer and Fl-
sandal Asent, 323 Eiama SptttckeU Wdi
"(5REETIM(j5 fROU CALIFORNIA"
A Beautifuf Souvenir of the Gofden West
In an Envelope Ready for Mailing
FF{EE--JO VlZ/ipTf /tM/EFfJISE^S-F^EE
¦ IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
Bring. in Your Want Ads Thursday, Friday and Saturday for Insertion in
Next Sunday's Call.
"GREETINGS FROM CALIFORNIA" (One-half actual size)
I
Tills portfolio consists of a scries of beautifully illuminated halftones
of California scenery antl points of interest printed on a highly finished
book paper and neatly bound in portfolio form. It will certainly prove
a welcome gift to The Call's want advertisers, and many a friend in East-
ern .and foreign lands will be made the happy recipient of these souvenirs
of the land of the setting sun.
In this portfolio MOUNT SHASTA is shown in nil its majestlv gran-
deur, together with SHASTA SPRINGS and MOSSBKAE FAXiLS, while
= STANFORD'S new CHAPEL and the UNIVERSITY AT BERKELEY arc |
E== given prominence.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS, the STATE CAPITOL at Sacramento, LAKE _
,<V>^ TAHOE, YOSEMITE VALLEY, the HOTEL DEL MONTE, the LI Civ OB- S <3'»
'•^•2* SERVATORY, MOUNT HAMILTON, the CLIFF HOUSE. VINEYARDS AT *1?^?"
ASTI. SONOMA COUNTY; CARMEL MISSION, MONTEREY COUNTY:
ORCHARD SCENERY 'NEAR. HEALDSBURG AND MIDWAY POINT
*=== ARE ALSO FAITHFULLY PORTRAYED. ~
This offer of The Call to its Want Ad. patrons will not be dnplicated
in many a long day, but tlie views may be found on sale at all the prin-
cipal stationery stores and news agencies on the Pacific Coast at a price
far in exec-ss of the cost or a little Wrind Ad. In NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Don't forget to bring your Want Ad. to The Call THURSDAY. FRI-
* I DAY AND SATURDAY, AND YOU WILL SURELY BE REPAID WITH
OUR PREMIUM OFFER. "GREETINGS FROM CALIFORNIA." not to
mention the GOLDEN HARVEST you will reap. from your Want Ad.
Ads will be received at The Call Business Office, Third and Market Streets; at Pitts' Call Branch
Agency, 1008 Market Street; also at the Oakland Agency of The Call, 1118 Broadway.THE SAN FRANCISfcO CALL, FRIDAY,' JANUARY 29, 1904.
13
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Unicn Building).
$3,Ko0 — A grand corner,- for a grocery and
flats; will yield good Income to -im-
prove; on northwest corner Lake st. and
Fifth ave.; 27:6x100: Sacramento-st.'cars
pass every few minutes; the test corner
in all that section as a business corner,
* and nothing as cheap as this. • .
$1, SCO— Unicn St.. near Broderick, sunny side;
clieap lot; fine marine view; 25x100; easy
payments; $250 down and $25 a'month.
$2,100 — Corner en Filbert St.. 23xlCO; opposite
corner, same size. Just sold $2450.
JG.r.dO — Larkin st.: 2 flats; very cheap; larga
, lot; marine view. ,
$9,500— Broderlck St.: 2 flat?.
Jl.IWXS-Two lot?, east line of Eleventh ave.,
150 feet north of Clcnftnt St.; 50x120.
$10.000— Corner on Webster St.. 100x110.
$40O— Let 25xT^0; ready for building.
"W. J. GUNN,
5.10 CALIFORNIA ST.
LOTS, N or S side of Go'.drn Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
BAP GAINS—
$r;70O— HoUfo nf eieht rooms; modern; lot
25x114: sunny side Army st., between Dolores
ami Church; rent? for $30.
$.:ir.<w — HouEe of sevtn rooms; modern; lot
20x125; Fair Oaks sC, bEtwe-n Twenty-flfth
and Twenty-sixth; easy payrnenis.
$2«5.to — Cottage five rooms and bath: Junction
Precita ave. and Army St.; lot 25x100: easy
payments; rents for $1S. J. F. PLL'MBE.
1402 Valencia St.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking C,o. pays the
highest price* for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and" Tenth
sts.. office and yard.
ALMOST new modern cottage, 5 r. and b.,
large basement; lot facing 2 streets: cheap
for cash; principals. Box 551. Call office.
TWO-STORY house, 6 rooms and bath; 2 car
lines; grand marine view; near Cliff House.
410 Forty-fifth ave^ ;
LOTS in the Mission for $150 each on easy
terms; 2 blocks from cars. D. COFFIN &
CO.. 3303 Mlrmicn it.
BUILD on your unimproved "realty: we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$200 BACH — 3 lots In Rood location, to close
an estate. Apply. 3316 Mission st.
DO ;-cu » - art ¦ nfee bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH-& -MAYER. Plumbers. 83C Howard st.
REAL ESTATE— -.Country — For Snle.
W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st., room 8.
BY ORDER OF COURT.
$S500 — Tc cl^ge estate; 1080 acres. Mendoc'na
County, 3 miles from town; near steamer land-
Ing; 200 acres splendid hay or potato land; up-
!>!•• orchard; 500 acres more could be planted;
3O'i acres heavy redwood timber; balance ex-
cellent pasture; substantial- Improvements; Una
and cross fences. ,..
ALFALFA LANDS.
12S0 acres, fenced and cross-fenced; house; ,
barn; outbuildings; artesian well that Irrigates
40i> acres fine alfalfa; river runs through place;
$4000 rent offered; 5 miles of Angiola; only $.10
an acre.
$14.000 — Only one mile from station, schools,
churches, stores; 40 acres full bearing orchard,
vineyard ani berries; small nursery? alfalfa; :
dark, randy loam; water for Irrigation piped
all over place: new 8-room house; cement foun-
dation: stable, carrlage-houre. machinery for I
manufacturing- olive oil; will subdivide in Jots
$1000 up or exchange for bay property of equal
value.
$2Sfc0 — Close to city: 0 acres full bearing or-
chard; 1 acre alfalfa; 5 r. hard finished cottage.
$2500—160 acres near boat and cars; nice or-
chard, vineyard: '>-r. house, barn, outbuildings,
span hor»»-s stock, tools, wagons; steady Job.
$3k an acre — 1C00 acres. 8 miles good town;
over 300 plow land; well watered, wood, rolling
hills and little valleys; pay 20 per cent on In- |
VfcFtmerit; bank foreclosure.
$1000 — Adjoining nice town; 240 acrts. ."50
acr»s level; houw, outbuildings; controls 2000-
acre rarrf.
. $5000 — Best ranch in Southern Oregon: 320 :
acrcp; 2 sets pood Improvement; w?ll fenced; j
ii'hard: 5 hcr<*»s; farming tools; outsider range.
Attention physicians — Nice home, live coun-
try town, C5 miles of S. F. : 10-room house ai.d
ground*: practice guaranteed $2500 a year; only
$L7«00; easy terms.
*>21'jO — Thirty-five miles of Pan Francisro;
10 minutes' walk to Courthouse; 21 a--i>s ;
garden land; half level; brand new colonial i
cottage; lartje barn: horse; tools.
$17,000 — Improved ranch; 450 acres; near
L"ill; adjoining land sold by the bank $40 an
acre; would exchange for city property.
ALFALFA LAND.
$10 an acre, COO acres. Angiola. Kings
County.
$1800-^240 acres. S miles of town, 5 ac:es
bearing orchard, 10 acres bearing grapes, 40
acres bottom land: house, barn, packing-house,
tools; water p!ped to buildings an.l pasture.
t>0 acres: 15 creek bottcm; fruit,- grates,
btrries, buildings: one mile town; tools; $U0O.
fend stamp for printed list.
W. J. WHITE 2*» Montgomery st., room 5.
PROPERTY_BXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; good hous« and
outbuildings; partly to fruit: n<-ar S. P. sta-
tion Aptos. Santa Cruz County, Cal.; price
$6000; also other lands for sale. For partic-
ulars address Postmaster. Moss, Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit pfr annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. CC3 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROL'GH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues cent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. C4S
Market st.
rOIVr lUCHMOXp ItEAL i ESTATE.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 328 Bush St., room
4. third, floor.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bWg.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA Ki;.\I. ESTATE.
HOUSK and let for sale; finest location In Ala-
meda: bargain. Call owners, 1721 Central
ave. ; no agents.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M' NTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
jri.1ilAS0N.REAL ESTATE AGENT. COr!
SHATTUCK AVE. AND CENTER ST.. PK-
LECTS THE FOLLOWING FROM HIS
LARGE . LIST OF CHOICE PROPERTY
AND INVITES INSPECTION:
For rent, an elegant, well-appointed house
cf lo rooms In the heart .of the west por-
tion of the town; rent $60.
FOR RENT— IN A GOOD NEIGHBOR-
HOOD. HOUSE OF 10 ROOMS AND BATH:
WILL RENT TO A RESPONSIBLE TEN-
ANT FOR $50.
AftFEW/BARqAINS.
$1250 — l-room cottage: half block of car line;
three blocks of station; street work all
done; $200 cash, balance $15 per month,
including interest at >> per cent.
Here Is a chance that everybody has
been looking for — a lot In the wann belt
of tht- rcotr.il'.nr* we have open«l up u
email tract; lots only $700 each; come
and inspect them; easy terms.
MORAN & SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. opposite Berkeley station.
(Successors to L. J, Moran & Co.)
BARGAINS — We Jiuy. sell, exchange cr build
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorln Station. Uerkclty.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY. .
OAKLAND Fl'R\ITinE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains rn furni-
ture. H. Sche!lhaa?.11th st..cnr.store.Oak!and.
ROOMS FOR II OOSBKBEPIS O.I
A — WHY remain In cold rooms when you can
get warrfi Apartments at the Knickerbocker
Apartrri-nta. lt40.Plne si.?
CASTRO. 42:i — Two large sunny front unfur-
nished room? In modern flat; suitable for
light hoiiFCltceping: moderate.
De Normandy. The — COS Post: housekpg rms.,
$:) 50 to $ti 50 a week; running -water, phone.
EDDY, 933—4 unfurnished or finely rurnl*h»>d
.. room*; ' private residence;'. adults; phone.
ELEVENTH. 120— Clean front suite for housc-
¦ keeping; gas «tove; private. ¦
GEARY.- 10C2 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or jilnBle; . housekeeping privileges;
running, water;' gas; reasonable. ; -
HAVE 3 or 4 rocms completely furnl3hed for
, housekeeping : orlvate resldenc*: central;
, rint re«ts*>npfole. Bux 742. Call.
HOWARD. 23S1 — 2 - Very . larjro well and com-
¦ pletely furnished rooms; adults; $12.
LARKIN, C25U— Sunny housekeeping rooms.
LARKIN, ; 816B— 3 or' 4 large sunny furnished
rooms with regular kitchen: phone and bath.
TAYLOR, '»ll — Sinele furnished housekeeping
room: gas range; folding bed; $7.
THE 1 VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell— Unfurnished
bay- window suit: marine view; .also house-
keeping rooirs; gas range; sunny; bath
fLATS TO LET.
' A— HOUSES ana flats to let; an lrr.mente l!«t;
»crvire absolutely free; tak* advantage of
this department; It will care you time and
trcnble. Cordes Furaltur* Co., 215-259. O-eary
*t.. on tha square.
ALL of the men Oeriratle fist* and houses are
listed In cur renting tfeparltnent; let us g1v«
>"cu a lict and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
"CCaii'ANY. 1003 Market St.; cervices abeo-
iicti-.'y tree. .
"WASHINGTON, 5gJJ ar .d 2K7S. corner Deria-
aaero— Eicgant, modern, artirtic. sunny flats;
r* roctns and bath ea-.h: comptet* In every
•iftsil: reels reasonable. SHAINWALD.
bl'CKCKi-: & CO.. r:» -J2i» Montgomer>- et_
-° hrt — HandSGrr^t. cowt, ch<-a(^st n-<v3em
!wt* in th» < :t> . 5 rooms fnd bath; 827 50
t»r recnUtt nmsjr cor. Fifu-rnth a=d fastro.
i tygRS I-HOS.. 2fC. Mor,tgomrr>- st.
FIFTi:i;N'(p:i ave..~~R^;imond~nirtriot —
r..v j»^-.:!,! y flit of 5 Mrait and bath: $25;
<"«ri> V'.-if« the door.
A l^TiR flat: 5 rocr-s. bath: $22. 3.V.4
' Twc?ft\ --^fo-.d st.. ne«r Valencia.
FTNE pur.ny 4-rnom flat; bath, wash tray;
a£t:!*s; sis. io*s Church. l>"t. 27th Bnd SSth.
FT.AT of r. m-.'lTn rooms. Ijjtth: rent $20. 22
Rondel place, off ICOi. Valencia et.
EIGHTH a\c. 1229 CSunset)— Three lower
rooms; $t>.
FOLSOM, tJ5S. nr. Hawthorne— Modem flat; C
roomy enj ! :;h
DOLOKES. 2Xf.. r.r JCth— Elegant n-w modern
flat. S furr.y rac.nif: batb: 5 bay windows.
(ij FLATS TO LET Fia.MSHED.
A FLAT of 4 r.pwly furnished rooms; bath;
pay, cm Tsylor et.
':S3.LIS. i:i«S>— Beautifully fnrnished npper flat
r>t S rofim* n+<l kitchen: >^.
FLATS FOK SALE FIIIMSHED.
t-P.OOK flat. rurr.'.rheO. for ealf ; part of roemi
rer.teJ ; dewntor* -a ; rent CO per month- Box
725. Cs.ll orace.
«-R<X)M Oat. *750. or carpets cr.ly. $225, ir sold
fry-flirt. 115 I>*a\ "nworth st.
FritMTlRE FOR SALG.
TOU sale — Furniture of a completely . fur-
r.irhed cottage for housekeeping, 4 looms, 2
„ boirooirf. jiarior and kitchen: evt-rj-thinr
r.»W only 4 months ego; price $175. or will
rent for J27 SO per month. Address box
y'j-.'. Can office
. FOR*«aJ» — Ftetaitm cf a <J-room flat; carpels,
beuro^ra suites, parlor set. fiining-room and
kitchen furniture: all new. only been used
6 BWlln Adcres-J t>~x «m. Call.
rt»UB rooms to !et; furcltur* for sale. 4C2U
Terrh st.
FIRMTIRE WAXTEl).
H!GHKi?T prices for furniture and mdse L. H
RIT.IX auctioneer. lb!8 Mkt.: tel. Howard 2TS3
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — O»-rman or Scandinavian girl for
grnera! houw>n-ork. 4 in family, for
*'rur.. $.'i<^: also first-f-Iass nur!*e for eame
. • farr.ily. |30: j>a r ior n~.a>d and waitreKS, city.
i, •>;": 2 dining rw.m girls lor an institution, j
ountry. *2« tach. wiy nice place: H wait-
rfRpfF Cor family hotflc, $20 and $25; laiy's
natd and M«am«nre»! for rice family, $23;
3 iiur»w*. ?2t« and $2T.."" Wo want a great
r:»any #v*okj=. reneral housework jrlrls and as-
f f>'ar!s for K-oth o'.ty and in the country at
| Cotxi wmtet*. $-*•». ?25 end $:{5; laundress for
£ institution, out of town. $2.1: cook for boys'
'wkuc, f"untry. $3f>: s ««4-ond rirls. $25. Ap-
i'l. !¦-» J. F. CRQgSTT & CO.. Oft Sutter st_
A — M'JilT :iur«=>» f"r invalid. $3'> ninth Ap-
I'ly to J. F. cnOSETT 4.- CO.. Sutter *t_
A KTRON J voung woman with city references
t* act ar night nurs* fur an invalid lady,
*-";<t a month; j». «-hambr rnicid fcr a prl\ate
family, no waiting at table, $20. r»fereno>*;
two young f#con4 sirls. «25 each; a German
<*~^k tot email family. S3T.; ten good »iit-
Tessen for botela in city. X2T> each: twmtj- j
C houFf-work frirls fcr city and country, $25
and $:». MISS PLUNKETT. 41-3 Sutler st..
near Powell.
WOMAN to c&ck or ranch: $:» a month. Cat. i
¦'-n:r. Agfnoy. 14 Third St.. near Call bld#".
*^*»STS — Girls to learn hairdresFins
ir.anirurirg. etc.; trade taught frcjn A to Z
• n _ weeks; $5 to those entering how; 3 po-
s; tivns to fill immediately; positions guarac-
'•'fi at $1« per week up; leading school in
Weft. 2.X Gtary st.. room 13.
A — Oitif to le*rn rr.illinery new for spring sea-
fsrn: both fesjor.f taught from start to f.n«.«h
in 1 rn^nlh for US; j-vesitjop-' as trimirers.
fa:es:adi«-t.. <nc. frunmnteed al $10 per wk. up
. day anj wrcing cUf*. 14" Stockton ft., r. LX
A— LAPIES to learn all branches halrdressir.g
triUe. n'anicuring, massage, etc 12:{rt Mar-
ket ft.. c^?r. Jones, :ooa 34; positions secured
. at highest waget; day and eve. class: calL
OrKRATOIiS ON COTTONADE AND WORK-
INGMENS rANTS. STANDARD FAC-
TORY. COR. GOL'OH AND GROVE STS.
* sewing UAcnncs ophrators and mv-
ETEKS: NO EXPEKIENCE NECESSARY:
paid salary, levi strauss & co 'S
FACTOKIL:.-. .T2U FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
VISION. NEAR FIFTEKNTH.
LAiJIFS wanted everj"* "here ; copying letters
at r><,m<- ev^nir.cs or fpar-; lime and return |
c to. us: no mailing cr car.vassir.s: t9 weekly
*-afr.»-<l: rfiaiTiatis frf-e; lnclo?* self-addregf'd
(-nvelope for partlcslarr. Guarantee Co., No.
: W. -I Nlr-th ft.. Philace'.r-hla. Pa.
CUOOCLATB dipper: ikuh be erperienred.
Bttnn'a Confectionery, corner Polk and Sut-
ler nr.
'OOPTHOLOEB; C43 Clay at.
>, <»1RL 'on srerj^ral housev/ork ; good pay to right
r-irty. *ix*s K!::s St.
-<v.i NTjSl — Gor«l plrl light housewk>rk and
* t'lci:. <-ock'n!:. :;sr4 Arrr.y «. I
U'OMAK of good references ar.d ability wlllir.g
to 'train for a hlgh-clacs position. Box 529.
rail . jfice.
CIRL. Ur r«*ri<TaI "hou-^eTrork: S adttlt*>: no
• v.«.< h rg: uapee %2«. felts Ea&t Nineteenth St.,
Ea«t Oakland.
ni:FJ>::i) young pirl to a«ist with baby: ex-
• irl!rr.t bcrae; wagej. $G. Bex Cal!.
' *'ANti:D — Reliable girl; general housework.
MbSS Nu5ctc*nib Et.
Ct^OK; 2 In heir: car fare. 115 Hcu:ah rt.
c c *for crrieral bouj-ewcrk ar.d cooking
221 «» «>t:tral avt-.; cariare jm]<\. * .¦.-.»¦ r
HELP WAXTED-MALE.
X^^ACIFJC^E^fpL^Y^ENV^VGKNCT. '
52Xi — Montgonjery st.— 52«. Upstairs.
Phone Main :iJl— 1191 Main Phor.e.
COAL MINERP-COOD JOBS^XEW
MEXICO
JO waodchopriors. north, big cempany. long
job. fine timber, cood water, 8tv. coni r»-<l-
«ooo. SI 23 cord pine. $1 50 cord hardwood.
¦U 1 feet: all aroucd p'.aning-mlll man,
UMUIUJI. see boss toere, pii and founil; hoy
for osiice work, rity; boy, prtrau family,
< i?j I disli'vasfler, city.
LaL*NDIIYM.»N for lestitution. -. ity, $^5 and
fourd: janitor and Tlevalur :.:a-i. $45; l»ar- [
ke»>p^r, $4W and found: janitor ana engineer.
$:*» an-i fuund: famKfr an«i v-lic, $:*> anU
?1S wee*, and ofhTns. J.' K. -CX:OSKTT &
CO.. C2S Sacmmento «t.
A — COOK for railroad camp, $50 'a month.
;\iCC:<.:- :> r a fi"Id Ijri'k machine, $2 5w day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third ft.
ViA.VTED — For IX £. Rrpaj. atle-bcdled un-
irarried m»n, lytween ages of 21 and :i5;
< Iti2ens cf United State*, of sood character
:<r:d temperate habits, who can fpeak, read
".• nd mriu? Engll'b, Fcr Information apply t/> }
:;crrultin« OfScer. . Riaito tulldlng. New j
Mrntgomerr »t.. Saa Francisco, or ltCJS S«-c- J
rt.. Sacramento. Cal. j
. EltATOnS ON COTTONADE AND WORK- I
NOMEN'H PANTS. j-TANr>Anj> KAC-
TORY. COR. OOCGH AND GROVE STS. '
, _,
•*— L U
Men to learn the barber trade In two menth*
' end secure cood positions; catalogue and full
li.tomaticn rr.»:> <% uet. MOL.KR Syjtem
College. C3J Clay st.
WANTED — Afscbe-r. industrious man. who un-
the care of cow and horses and
raj-Jen ivork: food wages to the right man.
Apj!y at once lo A. F. CORNJIAI^ 101«
Broaqwar. Oakland.
TRT cur men's -.hoe*., union rr.ad« at $1 and
, $1 60 pair; foot-rona shoes at $2*50; «»• pay
expretg or mall charges. 11 3d et,. Pnn bid.
fniOSO boy to learn plumblnr. Ca.ll 7:30
a. tn. 01 Jackson et.
ELEVATOa box wanted. 29 Stotktoa it. '
MEDICAL.*
MRS. DR. WYETU. specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief . guaranteed; 30
years experience; removed to 826 Post st;
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
- male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market St., opp. Sth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complair.U; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; tiie most difficult cases treated:
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
1 ment free. Dr. Cottliigham. 204 Sutter st.
MP.S. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
ccnlinement: best medical care: low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 73-1 Turk. nr. Van Ness-^Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment *1C: hcurs. 10 to 6; 25 yens*' exper.
DR. KOSEN resides 2tr.t5 Folscm St.. corner
¦JCth: ladle*, relief or no fee; $10.-
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERDS;
original rr.ethod of treatment. 112C Market xt.
DR. NG TOY KKE. 3in Powell et.. opposite
Unlcn Snuare: all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AXD 31IXIXG
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns one cf the most valuable mines In Call-
fornla, has placed on the market 20,000 shares
of its stock at 25c a- share the, par . value
being $1. Mr. J. J. Taylor the eminent min-
ing expert, is In charge of the work and re-
- ports that the richness of the mine Is gaining
rapidly as the work advances,- this etock will
go to $2 a share within the_cext 12 months:
Interested parties can see the quartz and gold
taken out of this mice at the office of their
. fiscal asrm* .r-..- . .. -
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st. '
— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN^
TOSH it WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st." -
TRY ASBESTOS roof paint and be/convinced
that It Is the only paint that will stop tHl'
leaks In any roof, either metal or shingle; It
is also the best preservative paint for all new
metal and shingle roofs, and makes the roof
. last ever twice as long, than painted with
anyTfher paints; It has do equal. Office. 419
California Ft., rcom 21; telephone James 5710.
DOES YOUR ROOK -LEAK? -
Repair It with elaterite; In rotls easy to lay;
. needs no' painting or ccatlng; good Over .old
iron, tin or fhlngles; best' for new roofs;
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market fct.
FOR SALE — 5 H. P. electric motor, one cir-
cular raw bench, one IS and ' cne 20 Inch
circular saws. L. J. NEVERS. 1«5, 137, 129
Mason St.. new building.
2D-UAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
r-Jlleys. shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st.
A — Fine sultF, J7 SO; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal MisF.t Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny »t..
near Bush; upen to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A*-BUYS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, toilers, water pipe., shafting, pulleys.
.- etc. WH1TE.LAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A FINE selection of trunks, suit cases and
tailor-mtide euits sold on small weekly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 25 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used. Bold at cost:'
new Underwocd visinle typewriter catalog
tent free. R. E. Revalk * Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION f ale— Best $2 00 hats, *1 ;C0.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny Bt.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. nvj Sundays to neon. '
TRY our mer.'B shoes at $1 and $1 50 pelr;
foot-form 'hoes at t- 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam., Wd.: catalog free.
3yic ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
Trailed; painting, tinting, paperlnp. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 TCebater. Tel. Jacl:«->n 1321.
YELLOW canary birds and cages for sale.
153>j Geary st.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 32?
Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
DEHKfc? bought, sold and exchanged* T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 167.
MILES of Dioe and flttinirs; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILKY & SONS. 109 Vallejo «t. •
SAFES and eash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1£» Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap: Chicacoe*. Twentieth
Centuries. Puck«. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and safe?; *¦¦« the complet* line at 1S10
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFKS — New and s*cond-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st..
MOVING picture*, martc lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Billiard & Breck. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and eecond-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market at.
Eo!»;n phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films, fiacigalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all ytzon. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fr*mont st_
ASK fnr prices on second-hand typewriters; all
mal<rr. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monig'y.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan Sz Church sts.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
SMALL cooking range and refrigerator for
hotel i wanted to purchase. Box 979. Call.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; seed postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. II. C. HOLMES
114D Market st.: phone Jessie 3741, or postal!
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 SHh Ft.: tel. Jessie 2S51.
MONEY TO LOAV
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, ~
C01-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, secmd mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests. as*;gnments of rents, property in trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
will" loan ~
' A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give lull particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc. ¦ ¦
Box 408. Call office.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant?, teamsters, boarding hour-es. without
security; easy payments; largest fcur-lrress in
46 principal cities. Toiman. 553 Parrott bids.
HIGHLY rerpcctable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cenl Interest. Baldw'n Jewelry Store.
MG Market: tel. Main 1014. Branch. 19 Third.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or picno: no remov-
al, no cnmn:U*ion, no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 2C Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and .precious stones bought
at W. J. HKBTHAL'B. 10 Sixth St.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW eaFy method — To wage-earners " on unln-
dorceJ note*: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49, Chronicle t)ldK. -
TO talariert people without security; on furni-
ture; indorse.! notes and pther security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 14."} Plielan building.
AT lowest rat«r qjj Curnlture and pianos; e;rlct
firivncy; no commission ;lnstallmenui accepted.
UOXKLI.I. ."01 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY fvnt on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; 'asy payments; no commission.
1170 Market fct.. rocm C8.
MONEY loaned; rea*onob!e rates. NORTON
CO.. 708 Market «t.. room 207.
j ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. I-". Collateral Loan l'.nnii. Ks Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos: |15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI. 0 Eddy st.
1 PER cent en furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
. tual Savings Bark bids., 70S Market it."
STAR Loan Co. ' of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employe*. R.311. Mutual Sav. Ilk. bid.
CASH loaned ralaried "people on notes without
tndorter. MORELL. C09 Examiner building.
A FINE lot of bargains In second-hand pianos,
including EUch makes as Steinway. Halnes
Bros., ¦ Kna bo. Bau->. Foster, Weber. Star
Marshall & Wendell. Sterling and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 1«5 O'Far-
.rcll st.: no branches In San Francisco.
A STEINWAY square piano for sale. Call at
3C9 Fell st.. between 1 and 2 p. m. .•
NKW-Vose piano, colonial style; -offers wanted.
, 625% Larkm st. : . - ; <
NEW planes sold pn ?5 monthly payments.
JOB. £CHM1T7. * CO.. 16 McAllister st.
HELP WANTED MALE Cob.
A— MURRAY A ReXdY. C34-C36 Clay st
Phone Main RS4S.
; Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
! l»03 *A- e gave 1004 we hope to
i 60.000 men work. increase 60.000^
SOUTH.
ARIZONA. CLOSK TO PRKSCOTT.
010 Miles. Arizona. *9 10
SHIP DAILY
TO
ARIZONA.
: SPECIAL.
2 machinists, country job, $3 day.
F«pe-fitter. ecuntry. f'-i day. t
Blacksmith for mine, see "boss here, $105.
?"armor r.r.d wife. Nevada, ece boss here,
; #50 ar.d found.
• Fcre-ran. Email planing mill, country, see
boss here. \
MURRAY A READY. C34-6S6 Clay st.
I MARRIED.
( "Man and wife, institution, near city, $40 fd.
Farmer and wlf.\ Contra Co»ta County, see
b«rs here. $40 found.
Farmer ar.4 wife, Nrvada. $.*.O found.
Cock an.1 rvife. mine hotel. 35 men. $55 fd.
; MURRAY & READY. tt'U-CSg Clay Et.
A-MISCKLLANKOUS.
Barber, run Rhcp on ehares; choreboy, ranch,
$15 und Tound; stableman and t<°amster.
eoantry institution, $26 and found; elevator
boy; grain*?.' city; boy for store, city; plas-
; ter mold maker, terra cotta works; milker.
German-Swiss, country, fare paid, $3."» & fd.
Khinrle Jointer, $."5T> and found;- carriage
trimmer: 3 married laborers: 25 woodehop-
pert». redwood, 80c; pine, $1 25 cord.
MURRAY &, READY. C31-C3G Clay r-t.
YOUNG mtn everywhere; copy letters; home
evenings; $9 50 week; Ftn<I addressed eJi-
veloi* 'or particulars. Manager Department
V.'. 4. box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Active, hon«Ft man; outside work
and oolltctincy ealary ?50 month; $'^00 cash
depesit requirKl. 20 Montgomery »t., eulte 8.
BARBER shop; very central; modern' fixtures;
3 chain; cheap if called tor' immediately.
STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
2-CHAIR citv bnrber shop for f*le. Inquire
" WILL & F1NCK.
WHY pay big prices to have your shops halt-
6c>led when you can get It done for i!5c, SOe
and < "c while ycu wait at 5C3 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d 6ts.. or 11 Third st.
WANTED — Experienced solicitors, men and
women, i;> handle merchandise contracts;
pood compensation; easy proposition to
place; investigate. Royal Mercantile Co.,
rmlte IP. Columbian bldg., or 952 Broadway,
: Oakland.
BARBERS, take notice — The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 8 City Hall sq.. or 1504 Market St.,
Journeymen Barbers' Union Local 14S. JOS.
R. BLEILY. Secretary.
THK.EK young men to earn their way through
college by working outside of school hours,
board not included. California Business Col-
i'ge. 305 Lerkin st.
WANTED — An aii around bookbinder; one who
can do fcrwardir.g and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Market st.
WANTED— Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per ni-rht.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade: wages paid while learning. CaJI
cr ertdreas WESTERN COLLEGE OF BAR-
BERS. «47 Commercial st.. San Francisco.
TKY our men's shc»s. union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-fcrm shoe? at $2 50, or
orthopeJic shoes, $:{ 50; best shoes on earth II
Third et.. Exam. bide.. 5 doors from Market.
100 YOUNG men cf 18 years, with good char-
acter, tn organize military organization. Call
at 473 Valencia at., between C and 8 n. m.
WANTED— A firsl-clanj rarriare blacksmith at
good wag*s. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Ca!.
BARBER *hop In hotel; S chairs: at sacrifice;
roust «ell by first. Box 1)70. Call office.
PENSION ATTT., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis ft.; 14
years' practice: references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
j MUSICIANS to Join military band. 32S Bush
Ft., third floor, room 4.
j FOR fale — 2-chair barber shop; cheap." In-
quln- at 107^ Fifth st.
WANTED — Man to drive laundry wagon: must
have $?S0. French Laundry Co.. 3.772 Mission.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships. Apply DENT'S place. 2G Steuart at.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
Mils. Pest Om. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A-R.
MEN to learn barber tra<!e. San Francisco
Barter College. 741 A Howard st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third *t.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rootrr; .".fc night: r«»adins rooms;
free 'bus ani baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH oi&cu of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and sub*crlr>tions has beea
opened it IOCS Market st.. opposit* Fifth.
Open vint 1 11 p. ra.
CLASSIFIED adverUFrr.ent!! and subscription*
received at Call branch nffirr 2200 Fiilmore
ALL sizes men' is shoes, slightly camaged. half
price. 5C* M'rsion st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET yrnr fhoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 5Oc. 5C5 Mission Ft., bet. 1st and 2d ets.
HORSES A\D WAGONS.
A — 35 HEAD of good work horses and maree.
s-Jitabi- for contractor? or ranch work; must
l>e tjold: if you want to buy. pell or exchange
j anything in our. line, give us a call; all horses
sold l;y us are guaranteed to be as represent-
ed; suction Kak* every Monday at 11 o'clock,
at Ellls-st. Stable, 615 -Ellis st. S. WAT-
KINS. Auctioneer : ¦_ .
BUGGY, harness and a mare, stands about
l«j'? hands ; stylish ; can b«- tr«in-ri to trot
la -2:18 or 2:20; a fine buggy animal; will
*ell reasonable. Box 893. Call office.
FOR €al<» — Cheap; one span of horses. 5 and 6
years old; well broke; weigh 1250 pounds; or
will trade- Tor a rood heavy team. Inquire
1521 Railroad ave.. Alameda.
FIFTEEN fine young roadntera and business
horsey, thoroughly broken and guaranteed.
O«"id«Ha! Horse Hxchance. 246 Third st.
FOR «a"e — 6 second-hand express wagens ani
two trucks. -¦'..; Beale «t.
FOR sal* f-hcap: 1 sprinir bu-riness wagons,
new; 1 2il-hand wagon. 1CSO Misslon.nr.lStb.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. &.T2 Mission 6t.
LarE*-st assortmt 2d-hand waponii.buckb'd.ji'jr-
rey.harness.work.driving horse*. 15th- Valencia
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and Fub«crintions has been
oj>en*<l st IOC'S Market «t.. ooposite Fifth.
Ol»en until 11 p. m. "¦;"-r : :
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PltlNTED list of houses to let; send fcr cir-
cular. G.H.UMHSEN .& CO.. 2O Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flat* to let: on Immense list;
service abtolutely ftee: take advantage of
this department ; It will save you. time ar.d
trouble. CorJ^s Furniture Co.. 24*>-259 Geary
r.'... en the square. ,
BEFORE moving cet cur printed list of houses
to let. HAl.DWlX & HOV.'ELL. 25 Poet st.
| UOVStgSI KLUMaliUlJ — KUH S.ILK.
410 JOKES — P'urni^hed houre 8 rooms for &ale;
rent $55. Call after 1 o'clock.
1XVEST31EXTS.
BONDS. STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dividen^-peyinR securities for nale.
GERMAXiA INVEST. CO.. VSi Market «L
LOST A\D FOIWD.
LOST— In Oakland or San Francisco, ladies*
} «i*nface gold watch and chain; engraved A.
J B. C: liberal reward. Return to SHREV15
| »fc CO.. tct Market at.
LOST — A rwrrtrm'lh »'ltri the Hibernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Kranclsca in the
nan:* cf James Power*. No. 223-1486. The
firnicr will cil'as>e return to bank.
LD^T— A (Lsverack Better) dog. Sport, black
and white, black tar*, neturn to J. BER-
OEZ. 33-1 Pine et.: suitable reward.
BLACK, i-atrh.l and handbajc. corner Eight-
eenth and Valencia. Will lady who found It
t>lea?e return to 33(iO Eighteenth at.? Reward.
LOST at ferry Wednesday eve., cold mono-
grammed watch. Return to 1325 Devisadero
n. ; reward.
l/OST — On Pow-n st.. between Bush and Eddy
package containing embroidery, thimble and
¦clstcra. Return M. F. JONE3. &KJ Market.
LOST— An Elk charm. Initials "V>. J. W.. No.
S." Kindly return to S03 Bush st. and re-
ceive rem-an». ' . ; .
LOST — Monday evening, on Sutter »t.; between
Octavla and Franklin, fur neck piece. Re-
turn to 1844 Bush St.; reward.
LOST— Wednesday, gold locket. Initial "L":
reward. Royal Ins. Co., 201 Sansozne st. . *
WANT ADVERTISERS IN NEXT SUNDAY CALL
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS Con.
ALL UPRIGHTS. ~~ i
Kimball, fancy walnut, -,. «,2o
Collard $.17
Stclnway .. v ......$50
Henry Hertz '. $7s
Occidental $S2
J. & «;. Fischer $g2
3 Emer^ons, walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, same as new. each $1S7
| Colby, cannot be told from new $235
Ohickering . J1S7
2 Steinways. large and small sire, al-
most new ' $195-$:{25
Heine, $176 style, slightly used.... $285
And 20O others.
• All pianos sold are guaranteed not- to be
. •defective. this list. We have never
had such a great variety at ro low a price.
Rrrjts, 52 up; installments, $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. .23S-237 Geary st.
A FEW unredeemed etorase pianos (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAP'S storage. HSiC Market st.
A FISCHER unright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary et.
$C5— UPRIGHT piano; Fteck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNpNG J^ 1^ 0^^ 210 McAllister si»
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway uprlght~plano;
perfect order; sacrifice. KecfTe'ji,2S5 O'Fnrrell.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy piano*. Ceclllan piano
player. BTKON MAUZY, XOS-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins. lithers, old an.1 new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
- OmCES AVIt STORES TO LET.
TO lease— Premises suitable for market; 50«0;
situated on a corner in a well-populated 3is.
, ttlct. G, H. UMBSEN i CO., 20 Monl-
comery.'st. -. •' -' '.'•¦,-...
TO let— Desk room in nice light office. Apply
" at room 305, li!.'J California st. "' •
NICE;:flne office to let; also fine front desk
" room. Call nt 419 California st,. room 21.
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair im-
. proves Its grov.'th. stops falllng.cures dandruff
¦ "and Itching scalp; no stain or Etlckine«s;
¦cleanses scalp; atdrugglsts'; hairdressers'; ac-
- cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.; 133S Po'k I
GRADUATES cf New York School of Massage
' Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; ' face
.vibrating, machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water: trained nurses as
attendants. Pro"f. and Mrs. Morris. 406 Geary.-
NOT how cheap but boWgood is the motto of
the < manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W; EVANS, agent. 1C21 Market »U ,
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' ex-Xerlence. cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
j corner Sutter at. ; fee moderate. • ,
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo.; ladies' «ults^made-
to cr^er; first -class **ork: $10: with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 380 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1«13 'Polk St.: consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed." Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 097 Mar-
' ket st.;. room 203: phone South 751.
AT le« than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
: day evgs.. Teutonia Hall, Howard ft., near
3th; Prof. Foster; f-ociety dancing taught.
LAUNDRY, gents' suits cleaned and pressed;
called for. .".(X) Golden Gate ave., cor. Hyde.
MRS. Eaten, electrit needle specialist. SCO Sut- ,
ter. r. 1*9. Miss Eaton. 23:: Geary, room «3.
SUPERFLUOUS hplr. moles ¦ perm, removed ;
by electrolysis. M.rs. L. B. Johnson. 139 Post.
Bon March? Pant* Co.; special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 <fc 1«. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. & Mr*. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE Milt fTM; dresTTwiU-T $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Buah and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists".
PALJIIS't'RY.
MME. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astrclo-
gist: palm readings $li :» questions by ex-
press SI; oj>en Tue day evg. also. 139 Post st.
MME. NEKRGAItD.TDcated at 242 Pest: hours
1 to 5 daily. , Phono James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Tayior Ft., near Geary. Phone Black SCI.
PAI.\TI.VG. ETC.
KOOMS papered. $4 up: tint:r.K~^Palntlngi
Hartmar-n Palr.t Co.. :',19 Third: t<;l. Main 41.J. I
_> p^?H TS J ;l^ Alr:ri!D *
WHAT have you to offer In this line for sale f
Box Z-fq. Call office.
imiysicia.vs A.\n suiu;eox<«!
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 >tt Market it." bet. Uth anj 7th- partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal rii.ucu.ies a specialty
JjR. BALL. lt)73it Market ft. •""«•«*•
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
pact, four years at 115-117 Mascn; now lo-
cateil at Ct;7 Geary st.. near Leave'nworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of hTbs and teas; 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
No y at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— AH dlii^
I ease* cured by Chinese herbs. 746-R Clay ft.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage &. Van"co.V furniture^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
7.tl Howard su. nr. Third; phone Grant <16L
PIERCE-RODOLPII Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce- Po?t end Powell sts. ;'tel. Priv. Ex. 671."
CONKLIN'S Ftorase— Furniture and merchan-
dise. .T..'! Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; , advances made; 840
Mlgsion st.; tel. Howard 911. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storace and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fiilmore it.; phone Jackson 281.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPE WRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Rlmlngtou. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
hlghfr and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 5.'i6 California et.
A FEW good typewriters et 5:!0 each: get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. '
A typewriter at any price: ageras Fay-Shole*.
$100: Sun. $40; Commercial. Sat: Postal. $25.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS & WELCH. . .
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, ripalred.
WehstPr Typewriting In»p»c. Co.. TiPS Market.
. blVIDEXD XOTICES.
THE Hhcenix. savings, building and Loan As-
Ecciailon. 51C California _st.. San Francisco,
has declared a dividend for the six menths
ending December 20, 1U03, at the annual raie
of :» per cent fen general capital stock, 0 per
cent on term certificates and 4\i 2 per cent on
, savings accounts, the latter being withdraw-
able upen th« *ame crneral tenna and ccnJi-
tlons u-j are usual with savings bonks..
The I'hoenix lias a paid In capital of $1 -
00b, (100 and a jeserve fund and surplus of
$210,<;00. , Its directors are: A. A. Watkins
president; Charles li. Bishop, vice president-
S. l*rentl" Smith, treasurer; Clarence
Grange, secretary and manscins director;
Gavin McNab. attorney; Charles E. Ladd and
G«-orRe C. Uoardmon. |
tAN FRAN CISCO and Suburban Home Bulid^
Inj; Societ>. Sth floor. Mutual Sa\-tnK<< Uanlc
building. 70i Market st., opposite Third—
. Fcr the half-year cndlnc 3i st ,.t December.
100S. a dividend has been declared at. tat
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates.
frte of taxe*. payable on and after SATUR-
DAY Januarv £. 1W0J. JOSKPH A. I.F.ON-
ARI) Manng-r HK1TI ''KAir, c;.,..»^
LKGAI/AIJVEUTISK.MnXTS.*
CENTRAL PACIFJC HAIL WAY COMPANY
FIRST REFUNDING. MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice Is hereby clyen-that. pursuant. to the
provUSon of Article |3ishl of • the . morteate
li-om this Company, to the Central Trust Com-
pany Of N*w York/ Trustee, dated August 1
lcfK>,.thls Company has set apart out of tla
net Income derived by it from' the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
ty-five thousand dollars In trust to be used
ti- redeem laid bonds, -and that bonds Issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there-
with and bids are . hereby invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to be named by
the bidders.' to the amount requisite to ex-
. haust said . sum. .' Such - bids should be ore-
i;enied to this Company at Its office. i20
• Broadway. In - the . City of New York, on or
before the 1st i day of February. 1004 . at
twelve o'clock noon.. and should be Indorsed
•'Bid* for Surrender, of • Central . Pacific Rail-
way Compar.y First Refunding Bonds." ¦
central pacific , Railway company
By E. H. HARR1MAN, President. "
New York. January 2, 1901
GLEN^ORE— New apartments on Pine st..
east at Van Ness ave.; & and 6 rooms each,
with bath, steram heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will be finished
with exceptional beauty and taste and are
now offered for rent unfurnished: tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will manage
the build inc now approaching completion;
open for Inspection. HOOKER & LENT. 14
Poet it.
MONTCLAUt APARTMENTST"^ ¦
Cor. Pine and Taylor sts.: beautiful new mod-
ern apartment*; all sunny corner suites: fur-
nished or unfurnished; marine view: phone Pr.
Exch. 443. L.TON A IIOAQ. 116 Montgomery.
THE Lunger. 445 Hayea. cor. Octavla— Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments:
elegantly furnished; electric lights: private
baths: $40 up: refs.: also doctors* offices.
ET. CECILE. 115 F«1I. above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In e'egzntly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $."» to $55.
ST. LOUIS. 157'. Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rcoras. also tingle: furnished or unfurnished;
.marine view; now open; references. -
IIADDON HALL.
951 KDDT ST. REFERENCES.
AP ABTME1T TS VAgTCT.
WANTED — A 3-roora furnished apartment;
must be reasonable and central. Box 638,
Call office.
ROOMS TO I,KT— Fn rn. »n«t DBfarn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts.— New
house, new furniture ; every room outside:
modern and sunny; prices from. (1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-ti-date bouse tn
this vicinity; flrr>t -class grill attached.
A -BRUNSWICK' House. ~t48 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fi/th St.— Rooms. 25c, 50c. *1. ?1 5O night;
SI 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1384) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite. -Mngle: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elesantly
furnished' sunny room.x; prices reasonable.
CRYSTAL HOUSE. BC7 Sutter ! st. — Elegant
rooms; board If wanted: reas. resp*ctabuity.
EDDY. 7CJ — Splendid view of Van Ness ave.;
an apartment and single rocms; modern flat.
DE NORMANDY, THeTcCJ Tpost St.— Neatly
furn. rooms. $2-$3 50 wk; run. water: phone.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — -looms 35c
to $1 25 night; (1 GO to $6 wk.: reading-room.
LOCUST ave.. 125— Neatly furnished room for
1 or 2; Jl 50 per week.
MANHEIM. 6S2 Sutter— Sunny front rooms;
strictly first class; transient.
MARKET. 1032 — Nice, sunny front rooms; also
housekeeping rocms; reasonable.
MISSION. 837A— Fine singla, rooms, with run-
ning water, closet: $1 50 per week and up.
MISSION. 1221. near Eighth— Nicely furnished,
sunny, single front room; $6.
ROYAL House. 12B Eltis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
Icr: rooms per nlgbt. 35c to $1 50: week. *J2
to $$; month. $8 to $-10; ele\'ator on ground
llocr; rooms with net and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 1C02— Modern sunny suite';
handsomely furnished, piano.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna — A sunny
furnished sinele room; rent $7.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms. 35c f* $1 night. $1 li to ?fi week: elec-
tric, lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus:baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 510— Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to $150 night: $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage
WOLF Houfe, 202 Sixth— r>ctrlc light In
every room, rooms from 15c to $1 per night.
75c to $5 per week; open all night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at - 1006
Valencia st.
A BRANCH olflce of The Call lor the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b-er.
opened -at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Onen until 11 p. m. *
rooms and no Ann.
- ' HOTEL*" TlVTTON —
977 Pine, or. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
lencea: excellent table.
MCALLISTER. 781— Nicely furnished rooms,
with beard: cents only.
The Wallace. 041 Van Ness. cor. O'Farrell st. —
Room and board (25 month; under new mangt.
ROOM and board, modern conveniences, for a
gent.: private family. 1224 Golden Gate ave.
HOTEL. ELSMERK. 41S Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent .tatl>: from $40: single $23.
NEWPORT. 101S Pine, near Taylor— Large »ua-
ny tulles; also ulngle room; excellent tabls.
6t*Tf.nson mansion. S07 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service: table specialty.
O'FARRELL. 3CS — Furnished rooms; horn*
cooking: German family; $8 per week.
POWELL. 6C2, cor. Sutter— Large sunny corner
room for 2. terms reasonable: also slngl* rm.
ROOMS AND 11OAK1) WANTED.
ROOM for two gentlemen In small German
family; state -price. Box 357, Call.
NEW HOME — See our new tripie-reed ma-
-hir.es; :.li(rbtlv used; $10. 815. J2O; second- :
band. $-*:. $.V$S: all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewing MacMn* Co.. 1051 Market st.
510 50 — NEW Improved drop-head nlekel-flnlnh.
guaranteed 10 yrs.: 2drhand sewln? machines
82 SO. ta. *U. ¦ 14.'. fit h ft.: tel. Je««l» runn
STUTTERING ' A>P STAMMBHIXG.
MELBOURNE Schjol. Van Ness-Market— Cur*
in every rase; individual teaching: no medi-
cine.' Inquire into wonderful cures: home cure.
~~ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for shirting flannel, depot quar-
temiaster's office. ui> New Montgomery st..
Sun Fra&cisco, Cal.. Jan. 16, 1904.— Sealed
£ i proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this oilier- until 10 o'clock a. ro.. Monday.
Fi-b. 1. 1004. Pacific Standard Time, an.l
th°n opened, for furnishing 325.000 yards
olive drab shirting flannel, to be subject to
an increase of "JO per cent If desired by this
Department. Bids will be opened for th«
delivery nf the same article at ti-e San Fran-
. dsco, Uoston. Chicago. Philadelphia and
New York depots. To avoid misunderstand-
ing a» to the exact nature of the article to
be furnished, bidders will carefully examine
the standard sample ami specifications, vo
that proposals may be submitted by them
with a full knowledge of what will be re-
quired, as an absolute compliance wtth the
' standard and specifications will be Insisted
upon in th« Inspection of th? goods. Un- ,
guaranteed bids and bids upon samples dlf-
ferlng from standard and specifications will '
under no circumstances be entertained. l-n»-
posals for less quantity than advertised for
wll! be entertained. Bids for delivery or
Inspection at otber points than those named
above will not bu considered. Early deliver-
ies are essential. Bidders mast state in their
proposals the rate and time of delivery
fchculd contract be awarded to them. Tha
article advertised for Is tha same for which
b>ds wljl be opened at the other depots.
Preference will be given to articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions cf price and quality belns equal (in-
cluding In the price of foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon) and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced
,on the Pacific Coast to the extent of tfce con-
sumption • required by the public service 1
there. The United States reserve* the right '
to accept or reject any or all proposals or ',
any part thereof. Information and blanks '
for proposals will be furnished on apptica- i
tlcn. Envelopes containing proposals will be
furnished on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals will be Indorsed "Proposals
for Shirting Flannel" and addressed to M \-
JOR C. A. DEVOL. Quartermaster. U S
A., Depot Quartermaster.
BIDS will be received until rebruary 13 1004
for the drilling of an oil well within 5* miles
of Evanston. Wyo.: plenty of water near by
coal can be f.ut at the ¦ en at from $3 to $:{ 50
per ton: the contractors to furnish everything
and must prosecute the work dtlUently day
and right until completed. Bidders win
mak« »«sarate bids at so much per foot to
sink 1C0O feet. 1500 feet and 2000 feet deep;
the size of the hoi* to be not less than •£
Inches at the bottom on completion. Tha
-right is reserved to reject any and all bids
If the price Is excessive. For further par-
ticulars write or call on the undersigned -jr
FRANK M. FOOTE. Evanston. Wyoming.
W..D. SAJfBOBN. trustee. 631 Market st_
AUCTION Sale— Office General Superintendent.
Army Tranaporf Service, San Francisco. Cal..
-January 27. 1&04. — There will be sold at pub-
lic auction, at 11 o'clock a. m.. February 9,
: 1904, at Folsom-st. wharf, a let of miscella-
neous condemned quartermaster's stores, a
list of which can be seen at Folsom-st.
wharf. . C. A. DEVOL.
Major and Quartermaster, U. S. A.
PROPOSALS— ConUaatJ.
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Notic«
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men:
Notice Is hereby given that sealed blda art
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for th« excaratloa and
foundation of the central power-house on th*
¦ grounds of the University of California at
Berkeley, Cal., and said blda will be received
! at the office of the Regents, South Hall.
i Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock M. of Feb-
ruary 3, 1004. Plans and specifications for
said excavation and foundations have beea
adopted and may be examined daily at office
of the Regents from 'J a. m. until t p m.
No bids will be considered unless accompa-
nied by a certified check or bond of bidder,
in favor of the Regents of the University -.if
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that.
It said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obligations in accord-
*ance with said bid and with the plans and
specifications which are hereby required to b»
a part of such contract. The right to reject
any and alt- bids is hereby reserved. By or-
d>r ot the committee on grounds and build-
ings nf the Board of Regents. V*. 11. ilET'i-
DERSON. Acting Secretary.
UNIVERSITY ot California. Berkeley — Notlc*
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men —
Notice ta hereby given that sealed blda ar*
(elicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the structural steel
and iron work of California Hall on tn»
grounds of this University of California ac
Berkeley. Cal.. and raid bids win be re-
ceived at the office of the Regents. 3out«
Hall. Berkeley, at cr before 12 o'elocJe m. of
February 10, 1004. Plans and specification*
of said structural steel and Iron work hav->
been adopted and may be examined daily «;
vtflce «f the Regents from 9 a. m. until 4
p nt.
No bids w'.ll be considered nnless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder
In favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (13) per cent of his
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that,
if raid bid be accepted, the bidder will duty
enter Into a proper contract to. faithfully
' perform the duty and obligations In accord-
ance with said bid and with tha plans and
specification* which an hereby required to
be a part of such contract. The right to re-
ject any and all bids ts her-by reserved.
By order of th» Committee on Grounds an<i
Bulldtng<i of the Board of Regents. V. H.
HENDERSON. Secretary.
U. S. FNGINF.ER Office. Flood Building. Saa
Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 2S. 10O4. — Sealed pro-
posal*) for dredging In San Pablo Bay. Cal .
will be received here until 12. nocn. March 2.
1904. Information en application.
"* W. H. HEUER. Lieut. Col. Engineer*.
MAKIUAGE LJCEXSES.
The followlrg marriage licenses were Issued:
yestertfay :
Thomas F. Ponohae. 3O. «ei Shotwell Btreet,
and Lucy M. Rushing, 3O. 3iM Steiner street.
Niel* P. Leutholtz. 33. ColllMville, and
Christine H. Chlstensen. 24. Colllnsvllle.
Arthur J. Delano. 2:t. Sacramento, and Fran-
ces L. Prlndle. 22. city. -
Harry P. Barger. 25, 1223 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Lizzie Duffy. 2R. I33S Vallejo street.
Charles Ball. 4*. Stockton, and Mattle Hem-
mer, "7, Stockt&n.
Isaac F. Blalock. 22. 1R29 Tonquln street,
and Eulalia McCullouch. IS. 162D Tonqnln st.
Fred Overton. city, and Mary L. Boons.
26. city.
George C. ScMey. 2S, 1738 Larkin street.
and Elmlra E. Clark. 27. 173S Larkin street.
Albert P. Widmaier, "2, city, and Bertha 1L
TV»ltcn. 28. city.
Henry II. FrutMenieht. 32. 2S71 Twenty-
third «tr«et. and Annie Delaury. 25* 3 Simp-
son place. "
EIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will net be !n«ert*d. Th-y must be handed
In at either of th? oubllcntlon offWs and b«
indorsed with the name an.I residence of per-
sons' authorized lo have the lame published.
Notice* restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column,
free of charge. _
BOKN".
MILLS — In tni.« rity. January 2S. 1904, to ta4
wife of Arthur V. Mills, a son.
SEU'J— In this city. January 21. 1904, to the
wife of Isadora Selic. a arm.
Married.
GILSON— RENNISON— In this city. January
27. lifCl. by th- Rev. \V. E. Dusan. pastor
of Stewnrt Memorial Church. Herman Gll-
*cn of Washinstcin. D. C, and Florence
M. R»nn:son cf San Francisco.
'MILLER— DOANE— In this city. January 2X
1904. by tiK> Kfv. \V. E. Dugan. pastor of
Stevart Mei-nortal Church. Wlnfleld Scott
Miller of Seattle, Was*., and Florence E.
Dunne of Kansas Cttr. Mn.
SPSNGEMANN— SCHAEFER— In this city.
January 2t». 1904. by the Rev. Paul Branke,
Charles Henry Spengemann and Emm L.
Pcha« fer. buth of £*an Francisco.
DIED.
Ahern. John T\*. McCoraack. Cecrlia
Carr. Jcsle I. McCreadle. Bridget
Crary. Mary A. McMahoc. Daniel J.
Defhon. Very Rev.G. M.itm n. Magsie
Dyer, Phillna S. Newell. Horace
Fills. Charlei J. O'Leary. Mary C.
Fans. Herman O'Nell, Rev. Jaa. La
Foley. Kathleen F. Or.eil. Ellen
Fuller. Phillip O. Roedel. Phil M.
Gaddlni. John Rf-fer. Leopold
H&lllnan. Sarah A. Roaney. Mary
Havkell. Noy< s P. Sloan. Patrick
Jamieson. Jr-ne Stuart. Wllllazn A.
Johnson. Nels Sullivan. Dennla
Kt-lly. Eugene TVrner. Denlel
Lill. Conrad Wehr. Custav T.
Le» M.-.n Sow Whlpple. Ch»rle»
Liescnfeld. Elizabeth Wl'dirmelr. Otto
AHERN — In this city. January 27. 1DO4. John,
Walter Aber-i. late District Attorney of
Kem County. California, belovjd husband
of the late JoscpMne E. Ahern, father of
John F. Ahern. son o? AnnA and the lat»
John M. Ahern. and brother of Mary A. and
Agnes J. Ah*rn. a native of San Francisco,
ared 4 1 year*.
C7Frlend3 are respectfully invlte«1 to at-
tend the fnneral to-morrow (Saturday) at
10 o'clock, from his late residence, VAX La-
guna street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a solemn requiem high mass will b*
celebrated for the repose of his suul. com-
mencing at 10:ao o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero atreeta. .1 ,.
¦ MEMBERS of Sar- Francisco Lodge No. 3. B.
P. O. Elks, are notified to attend the funeral
of our late brother. J. W. Ahern. on Satur-
day mcrnlrj. at 0::J0 o'clock, from his lat»
risldenc;, 13CS I-aeuna ftn?et. By order
• JAMES N. ODELL.
CARR — In this city. January 2S. ll»l. Josl<»
I Carr. beloved wife of K. B. Carr. and,
s'ster o? Francis H., William, Thomas B..
James B. and George Murahy and Mrs. P.
J. Carr, a native of San Francisco, ased US
jear* 8 TncntM -arsd 10 days.
C7Frt'nds and acoualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8::so o'clock, f ro • her late
rtsidcnc?. J20 Noe rtreet, thence to Mission.
Dolores 1'hurch. where a requiem high nsass
will te celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment Holy Cr;«i Cemetery.
CRARY— In Honolulu. H. T.. January 7. 1904.
Mary A., beloved wife cf the late Rev. B.
F. Crary. • D. D.. former edttor of the Cali-
fornia Christian Advocate, and mother of
Mrs. Alhert W. Steel of Denver. Mrs. Philip
L. Weaver of Honolulu. Mrs. Herbert H.
AVlnn cf Go'den. Colo., and Mist Katht*
Crary of Pasadrna. Cal.. a native of Phl!a-
delphta. Pa., aged V*5 years and 10 months.
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the burial services
Friday. January 2l>. 1904. at 11 o'c'ock. at
the Georse H. Thomas Post burial olat In
National Cemetery. Presidio. Memorial ser-
vices will be held Sunday. January »X. I 9 **-
at .'I .o'clock, at California-street M»tii.idisc
Epivopal Church, corner California and
Brouerick «treet-(. * •
DE3HON — A solemn month's mind requ!etn
Diars will be sung for the repose of th? soul
of Very Rev. Oeoree Deshon. late aapeTlnr
KTeral cf th«- Paullats. In St. Mary's (Paul-
ist» Church on Saturday, January SO, at 9
o'clock.
DYER— In th!f city. January 28. 1004, Phllin*.
Sopnia, beloved wlf- of J«m»i A. Dyer. *
native 1 of Waterbury. Vt.
fCTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
' ELLIS — In this city. January 27. 1004. Charle-i
; J.. beloved husband of Add> UUis. and »o.t
of \V. J. and Lena Ellin of Uklari. Ca!.. a
native of California, ajed 23 years 3 month*
and 0 days.
CTFrl«nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
at l:3O o'c'o«k. from the Elks' llalJ. 22::
Suttir rtrett. Interment private. Picas*
omit flowers.
FAHS— In this city. January 2S. 1004, Herman
Fans, a native of Germany, aced 63 years
1 m>nth and IS days.
C7 Remains at the j>arlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co . 11-17 Mission street, between s>«venth
and El-hth. ,
FOLET — In Alameda.- January 2S. 1S04. Katta-
Jcen France-* Foley. beloved daughter of
Anas tana und the late Mi tha' I Foley. and
sister qf Michael. Richard. Edwin, Olivia
and Cecelia Foley and Mrs. William Jo-Ms.-
a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years
and 1 month.
Fl'LLEP. — In South San Francisco. . January
27. 18O4. PnilliB O. Fuller, dearly beloved
husband of Catherine S. Fuller, a native of
Baden. Germany, aged 40 years 3 months
and 1 dar. A member of Court Diana No.
1133. I O. F.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January .'H. at 10 o'clock, from hln late re.*j--
<l"iir*. W.r'v-«wnnd and RaUroad ivcnun
south, where services will be held under tha
Continued on Pase FourteeisARMY TRANSPORT '"DIX,
WHICH ARRIVED FROM
PHILIPPINES YESTERDAY.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sim, Moon and Tide.
The British bark Invercauld proceeds in bal
laht to Sydney, for orders, and the French bark
Edmund Rostand proceeds to New Caledonia In
ballast.
The Italian ship Agostlno Terizzano is char
tered for redwood from Eureka to Sydney;
German ship Herzogln Cecllie. merchandise
from this port to Liverpool or London; schooner
Joseph Russ. lumber and merchandise .from
this port to Santa Rosalia.
Charters.
The tug Sea Rover 16ft yesterday for San
Pedro to tow here the disabled eteamcr Bo
nita.
The United States revenue cutter Hugh Mc-
Culloch, Captain Hamlet, which Is oft on a
cruise, yesterday visited Eureka.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany's Gaelic is due to-day. She U brlngipg
2300 bales of raw silk, the largest consign
ment ever broueht across the Pacific. This
silk Is worth, about S7OO a bale. ' •
. The steamship Curacao passed Hueneme at
2 o'clock yesttrday afternoon and should reach
here to-day.
Water Front Xotes.
The vessels on the. overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Martaban, 85 per
cent: Robert Rickmers. 15 Der cent; St. Mlr
ren, 20 per cent; Aldergrove, 30 per cent.
The Overdue List.
air's supply of oxygen. The Sherman is also
having her smokestack lengthened. These im
provements are expected to add several knots
to her speed and to eliminate much of the
smoke which has hitherto made difficult the
work of keeping clean th? after end of the
troopship. When the Sherman goes into com
nr.iEsion she will be, H is expected, the fleet
est of all the transports.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
January 39.
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Czarina Coos Bay direct.. f (Pier 8
Centralia... Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 10
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Atholl Hongkg v. Seattle Pier 20
Eureka Humboldt 8 am Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
I - January 30.
Pt. Arena... Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda ....' Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
i January 31. j
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11 '
City Puebla. Puget Sound Port*. 11 amfPler 9
February 1.
¦Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfrd 12 m Pier 13
Corona . Humboldt :.l:30pPler 0
Bonlta Newport & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
r, „» February 2.
G. TV . Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Kor «? China & Japan ... 1 pm Pier 40
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
February 3.
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
Chico.. Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. Pier 16
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Rival Wlllapa Harbor... 4 pmlPler 20
February 4. I |
Pomo ..v Ft. Arena & Albion 6 pmiPler 2
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 amjPler 11
February 5.
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla.;. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
February 6.
Newport N. Y. via .Panama. 12 m Pier 4O
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
February 7.
Curacao.... Mexican Ports... ». 10 am Pier 11
Oregon Astoria & Portland|ll am|Pler 24
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
The Time Ball on the tower of tho j Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
lime Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
January 28. 1904. .
United States CoRst and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Polnt.entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. JANUARY 29.
Sun rises 7:17
Sun sets 5:29
Moon sets 4:05 a. m.
0 ITimel iTImel | Time Time
£ I— —I Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
? |L W| H W L W H W
29 1:56 2.7 8:04 5.9 3:101— 0.6|10:13| 4.4
SO 2:81 2.7 1 0:02 B.I 3:B6l-*O.9|ll:00| 4.7
31 3:431 2.51 9:61 6.1) 4:42 — 1.0 11:43 5.0
X 4:35 2.4'lO:42 6.2 6:27—1.0
H W ' ' L W H W L W
2 0:26 5.2 5:27 2.3 11:35 6.1 6:00—0.7
3 1:04 6.3 6*.19 2.0 12:28 5.7 «:54 — 0.3
NOTE^ — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and tho successive tides of tho
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given arc in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
' NEW YORK — Sailed Jan 28 — Stmr La Tou
ratne. for Havre.
• L.IVERPOO1*— Arrived Jan 2»— Stmr Teu
tonic, from New York.- '
NAPLES— Arrived Jan 2S— Stmr. Calabria,
from New York.
I QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Jan 28 — Stmr Ocean.
1c, for N»w York.
LONDON' — Sailed Jan 23 — Stmr ilanitou. fo?
New York. '¦¦ .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
for Panama. Jan " "»rar City ot ~»ara. for
San Francisco. '''."-,-"*, ~- „
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 27 — Br stmr
Lothian, from Aatoria.
Sailed Jan 27— Br stmr Athenian, for \an*
C °COLOX— Arrived Jan 26-Stmr City of
Washington, from New York.
Sailed Jan 26— Stmr Yucatan, for New York.
PER1M— Passed Jan 13— Br stmr Deucalion,
from Seattle, for Liverpool.
• NEWCASTLE. Aus — Arrived Jan 2. — Schr
Alumna, from Adelaide.
LABUAN — Arrolved Jan 25 — Br stmr Inver
ness, from Java, for Vancouver, for coal.
- QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 2S— Fr bark
Dupletx. hence Oct 4.
ST ABBS HEAD— Passed Jan 2»— Fr bark
Edouard Detaille. from Fatmouth. for -.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Arcata.. . . . . . C003 Bay & Pt. Orford.|Jan. 29
Cer.tralia.. San Pedro.. jjan. 29
Gaelic China & Japan Jan. IH)'
Curacao Mexican Port3 Jan. 29
Bonlta.. Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 29
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria... . Jan. 30
Enterprise.... Hllo Jan. 30
Leelanaw..... Tacoma Jan. 30
Corona Humboldt Jan. 30
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Jan. 30
North Fork... Humboldt- ....;........ Jan. -.11
Mackinaw. . . . Tacoma. ............. . . Jan. 31
Redondo. .. . . . San Pedro Jan. 31
Iaqua........ Humboldt Jan. 31
Rival.....;... Wlllapa' Harbor........ Jan. 31
Elizabeth Coqullle River ..*.. Feb. 1
Chlco .... Coqullle River......... Feb. 1
Eureka Humboldt '......'Feb. 1 1
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. 1
Uniatilla Puget Sound Ports ...Feb. 1
Ventura; . Sydney. & « Way Ports. Feb. 1
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor ........Feb 1
Pomona...... Humboldt ...Feb. 2
Memphis..... Hamburg & Way Pts. Feb' 2
; Porno. -..'.".... Point Arena & Albion. Feb. 2
Coos Bay..... San Pedro & Way Pts. Feb 2
Mariposa. . . . . Tahiti •;...: Feb 3
City Para".... .New York via Panama. Feb." 4
Oregon. Portland & A'storla .... Feb 4
Newburg. .... j Grays Harbor. ......... Feb. 4
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Feb 4
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. 4^
Queen...:.... Puget Sound Ports.. .". Feb. 6
Centennial.... JSeattlB & Tacoma..... Feb 7
Texan New York via Coronel. Feb. 7
Sequoia iGrays Harbor -. Feb. 7 .
Matthew apd Rose Smith to Mary J. Smith,
lot on S line of McAllister street, 65 E of
Gough, E 27:6 by S 120; girt.
City and County of San Francisco to Thomas
J. Crowley. lot on SW corner of Hayes and
Fillmore streets. S 25 by W 106:3 $
Albert Wilford to Elizabeth Mears. lot com
mencing at 107:9 S of Green street and 275
1 E of Pierce. 167:3 X of Vallejo and 137 -6 W
of Steiner. S 11:3, W 40:1, N 11:4. W 40-' $10
Elizabeth Mears to Samuel Herman. lot on
B line of Grt-en street, 275 K of Pierce. S 119
i W 25:1. N 119:2. E 25; $5. '
Thomas Donnelly to Benjamin Mayers lot
on N line of Bush street, 110 E of Scott F
j 27:0 by N 137:6; $10. '
City and County of San Francisco to Mary
A. and Ellen J. Mclnerney. lot on S line of
Oak street^ 131:3 W of Scott, W 60 by S
Adolph and Gesiene Meyer to Charles Mor-
I ton. lot on F. line of Brodecick street. 80 0 S
I of Eddy. S 25 by E 100: $10.
Rebecca Gross to Louis Gross, lot on N line
of McAllister street. C2:6 E of Broderlck P
25 by N 112 :f,; also lot on W lfn. o ' Guor
I rero street. 105 N of Fifteenth. N "5 w SE?
S 30 E 31:9. N 5. E 100. quitclaim 'deed- «io '¦
John J. and Elizabeth O'Brien to Mar^nol
! g£ N Ot 2 5 On b y E E H 8 T:3 Of $, I 0 yOn S| *> * °< j
I Lyon. E 50 by S 100. quitclaim deed- $1 E *
Louis and Jeannette Friedlander to John G
Jury, lot on N line of Sacramento street? 99 li
E of Central avenue, E 50 by N 127:8Vi; $10
Josephine F. Hruguiere to Bruguiere Com
! pany (a corporation), lot on W line of William
eon street. 356:7 N of Geary. N ICO bv W 120
also lot on B line of Forty-fourth avenue 2G0
N of C street N 70 by E 120; also lot on E ltne
of J<orty-sixth avenue. 140 N of D street N
; 73. NW 83. SW 01:4. S 14:7; also lot ; on NE
j corner of Commercial and Montgomery streets
j N 30 by K 60, and property out of county- Sio'
Henry Rich to Annie T. Dunphy. lot on N
; line of Fell street. 66:3 W of Clayton, W 25 by
1 N 100; also lot on E line of Cole Btreet 175 4
; of Fell. N 25 by E 10*5:3: also lot on w'line of
. Clayton street. 100 N of Fell, N 25 by K 1OC;3
j $10. * '
Same to Benjamin F. Garratt. lot en N line
; of Foil street. I0<;:3 E of Cole. B 50 by V
i l."7:«: also lot on SE corner of Hayes and Cole
1 streets. B 1<X>:3 by S 50; also lot on IV line of
j •Mayton street, 125 N of Fell, N 25 by W 106:3;
Fame to Frank P. Lansing, lot on N j|ne of
I Fell street. Sl:3 W of Clayton, W 25 by N 100;
$10.
Same to Charles P. and Marcella Ingram lot
on W line of Clayton street, 25 S of Haves S
25 by W 1OB:3; $10. r . '
Same to Henry W. Eisert. lot on S line of
Hayes etrett, 131 :3 W of Clayton, W 75 by I
"game to Frederick M. Voigt and Theodore F
Veyhle. let on S line of Hayes street 100-2 R
of Cole. E 25 by S 137:6; $10. U
Same to Morton S. Price, lot on E line of
Cole street. 150 N of Fell. N 25 by E loVs
$10. '
J. H. T. and Henrietta Watkinson to Thomas
Lundy. lot on N line of Frederick street 32 •«
w of Stanyan. w 17«, N 75:11$, e to Point 32:«
\V of Stanyan and 5S:1 N of Frederick, s 59-1
$10. .
Emma M. McAvoy to Delfa L. Walsh lot
on N line of Jackson street. 107:11 W of Kear
ny. W 61:10>4 by N. 137:0; also lot on SE
corner of Dunont street and Broadway, E 5y
by S 60; al«> lot on W line of Stockton etrw»
<»:9 S of Vallejo, S 44 by W 137:6; also lot
on S line of Jackson utreet, 84 W of Stock
ton. W 21:1 by S 76; $10.
Heitha and Richard M. H. Berndt to Charles
THURSDAY, JANUARY 28.
KEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
C. F. and Elizabeth W. Humphrey fo Charles
Clarke, lot on NE corner of California and
.Locust streets. E 62.TJ by,N 107:7^' $10
Charles McPhlllemey alias Charles McPhll
lency to Ansano Gallata. lot on E line or Flori
da street. 104 N of Twenty-fifth. N 26 by E
_100, $10.
Rebeka Rothschild to Mary Crlchton, lot on
W line of Shradcr street, 125 S of Oak S
25 by W 112:6; $10. *
John L. and Olive C. Pinney to George T
Batinlch. lot on SE line of First avenue"
100.48 SW of Turk street, SW 25.10 by E 100;
Joseph K. Hawkins to "William J. Hawkins
undivided \i of lot on SE corner of Page and
Baker streets. S 82:8 by E fl6:10«*i; $10
Charles and Annie C. Goldstein' to Marc C.
Llchtensteln. lot on N line of Geary street.
137:0 E of Lyon, E 27:B by N 137:6; $10
John G. and Maude A« Jury to F. R. Gran
nis, lot on N line of Sacramento street, 99-11
K of Presidio avenue (Central avenue). E 15
by N 127:8«4;,$10. - » '
City and County of San Francisco to James
Stewart, lot on N line of Pacific street l°0
W of Scott. W 100 by N 132:7i /S : $ .
Same to William J; Gunn. lot on NE corner
of Green and Devlsadero streets. E 103:1 '4 by
Patrick -H. Kenny to Amos Adams, re-rec
ord 1332 I> 118. lot on N line of Fell street,
137:6 W of 'Webster. W 50 by N -137:0; $10.
Daniel and Annie Sullivan, to M. S. QuillI
nan, same: $10.
George and Kate Ryan to Anton Carlson,
lot on SE line of Peralta street, 143:6% SW
of Butler, SW 29:1%, S 95:9%. SE 28:0. N
124:11ii: also lots 3 and 4, block 2. George
Ryan's subdivision of Franconla, Preclta. Val
ley lot 50; $10.
. Eugene Gascmann to Cellna Gassmann, un
divided half ot lot on N line of Jackson
street, 25 W of Larkln, "W 75 by N 102:814:
Sift.
Francois and Hannah Marx to Inez S. Hut
ton, lot on E line of Franklin street, 137:0
N of Broadway, N 27:C by E 92:1OV4: $17,212.
Edward G. Eisen to Fame, lot on . W line
of Franklin street, 103:01V. S of Fulton. S
103:1%, E 07:*V N 17. W 10:6, N 20:3. W
4:6. N 31:6, W 10. N 34:4^4, E 82:6: $12,C0O.
Betsy E. Bradley to Richard Bradley, un
divided half of lot en SW corner of Hick
ory and Gough street?. W 110 by S 67:6; $10.
J. S. and Catherine Robtson to Ardenla. A.
Morehead. lot on SE corner of Clement street
and Sixth avenue, S 100 by E 32:«; $10. -
Nathan Morris to Sarah Morris, lot on S
line of H street. 30 "W of Eleventh avenue, W
30 by S 100 (quitclaim deed); $10.
Martial and Agnes M. Hainque (by Louise
D. and John C. Brlckell, trustees) to John
T. I>onahue. 1012 D. 1B9. lot 4, block 75. Uni
versity Mound; also lots 15 to 22, block 3,
College Homestead (trustees' deed); $825.
Iawronca J. Hurley to Mary J. Hurley, lot
4S. block P. Park Lane Tract 5: $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Potrero ave
nue, 75 N of Fifteenth street. N ,T;:0»i by E
100: also lot on W line of Utah street, 69 N
of Fifteenth, N 32:6 by W 100; ?10.
W. M. Storer and W. D. Holcom to J, J,
Rauer, lot on W line of Twenty-eighth ave
nue, 310:5 N of Clement street, N 42:6. SW
3:9. SE 42:3; $200.
Pauline K. Genereaux to E. J. Carvill,
lot on W line of Fourteenth avenue. 250 N of
Clement street. N 25 by XV 127:6; $10.
Kate E. Gaines to Suzanne Ormay, lot on
E line of Tenth avenue, 210 S of California
street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Albert H. and Maria M. Ehret to John
Sims, lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 225 N of
Clement street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
R. N. Naeon to R. N. Nason & Co. (corpo
ration), lot on NW corner of Fifteenth and
Utah streets, N* 59 by W 100; $10.
Same to same, lot on W line of Utah street,
202:6 S of Alameda, S 46 by W 100; $10.
I. . N. and Florence S. Rosekrans to Otto
turn Huden, lot on SW line of Hayward street,
100 SE of Harrison, S13 1!5 by SW 80; *10.
E. Hansen. lot on N line of Silver street, CO
W of Second, N.2S by W 30; ?10.
William C, John R., Mary K., Walter W.
and Theodore L. Gray to Westley and Alice
A. Tomer, lot on SE line of Minna street, 275
NE of Kixth; also 200 SE of Mission, NE
25 by SE 75, quitclaim deed: $10.
The Risdon Iron Works are going to install
a hydro-carbon system in the furnaces of the
army transport Sherman. This system renders
practically the same service as forced draught,
increasing the combustion by adding to the
To Increase Sherman's Speed.
Word was received yesterday from Grays
Harbor that the trustee spit buoy at Nnrth
Bend had sone adrift. The matter has been
reported to the lighthouse authorities and the
buoy will be replaced as speedily as possible.
Warning to Mariners.
200 Crown Point.. 4Q 100 Utah 14
100 Crown Point.. 3» 400 Yellow Jacket 5C
300 Crown Point.. 38 1100 Yellow Jacket 55
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes SI i 400 Mexican 1 C5
UK) Belcher 42i 100 Ophlr 3 75
1000 Belcher 41 ' 100 Ophir 3 70
-t & Belch. 1 70; 200 Overman 33
100 Caledonia 1 <«¦ 200 Overman .... 32
::00 Caledonia 1 00; 10O Potosl 21
K0 Challenge ... :to ;:00 Seg Belcher.. 11
l"0 Challenge ... 29 loo Sierra Nev... &{
1<«) Challenge ... l"< HtO Union Con... SO
IHrfi Chollar .: 22 100 Utah 15 1
H* Crown Point.. ::3 200 Utah IB
S*>0 Crown Point.. 32 f.00 Yellow Jacket 52
Km Gould & Cur. 34 COO Yelow Jacket 51
500 Justice 10 100 Yellow Jacket CO
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the ealcs on the Pacific
Slock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Alpha Con .. 0a 400 Mexican 1 65
400 Andes .".2 100 Mexican 100
200 Andes 33 300 Ophir 3 75
3<)0 Belcher 45] 100 Ophir 3 70
100 Belcher 4S! 5<K> Overman 36
. 200 Belcher 43 i 200 Ovlrman 37
."{00 Caledonia ...1 05 1 200 Overman 38 '
WK) Caledonia ...1 10 1 500 Potosl 22
1C0 Caledonia ...1 15! COO Seg Beicher.. 12 i
200 Challenge Con :»; 200 Seg Belcher.. 13
800 Chollar 24 > 100 Sierra Nev . . 63
300 Con C & Va.l f.5 1O0 Silver Hill .. C8
1300 Con Imperial. 04! GO Union Con .. 81
1000 Crown Point.. 35 1 100 Union Con .. S3
300 Crown Point.. 36| 100 Union Con .. 84
200 Crown Point.. 37 100 Utah 14
4C0 Crown Point.. 34 100 Yellow Jacket 50
100 Exchequer ... 18 2O0 Yellow Jacket 55
100 Gould & Cur. 33 400 Yellow Jacket SO
100 Justice 09 100 Yellow Jacket 54 i
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 45! 1C0 Ophir 3 ST.
50 Belcher 4.0; 100 Ophir 3 80 '
100 Belcher 371 100 Ophir 3 75
200 Best & Belch. 1 75 100 Overman 33
300 Caledonia ..lO7 1 al 300 Overman . 34
'JOO Challenge ... 33] 100 Overman 32
1*00 Con C & V.I C2V* 100 Overman 31
400 Crown Point.. S3 200 Potosi 23
JOO Crown Point.. 31 100 Sierra Xev... Cl
200 Crown Point.. 30 200 Union Con... 80
M0 Justice 12, 100 Utah 15
500 Justice 10] 100 Yellow Jacket 45
100 Mexican ...1 62^' 100 Yellow Jacket 46
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale* on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Mizpah Ex.. 25 1C50 Rescue 06
300 Mont Ton..l 42U .VX> Ton Belmont. 70
2000 Paymaster ... 10 400 Ton Midway. 45
1300 Paymaster ... 12 700 Ton Midway. 44
1000 Paymaster ... Ill 500 Ton N Star.. 35
Afternoon Session.
I BOO Evelyn ,. 25 7 Mont Ton... 135
200 Gold Anchor. 17 500 Paymaster ... 13
250 MaeNamara . 12 6C0 Ton Midway. 40
j .'.no MaeNamara . 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Jan. 28— 4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.l . . Bid.Ask.
Alpha 08 10; Justice 09 11
Alta 11 13iKentuck 04 05
Andes 31 33 <K Graespier. — 1 75
Belcher •" .'WjLady "Wash .. — 07
Best & Belch. 1 70 1 75 ! Mexican 1 60 1 S3
Bullion 06 «« Occidental ... 90 0.1
Caledonia ....1 O0 1 C5 Ophir 3 70 3 KO
! Challenge ... 28 30 Overman 31 32
i Chollar 21 22 : Potosi 22 'JTi
Confidence — 1 05 1 15 ; Savage so C2
Con Cal & V.I 60 1 63: Scorpion . «cj (15
Con Imperial, ft"! 04lSes Belcher.. 11 13
Con NY — 08 Sierra Nev... 00 r,\
Crown Point.. 30 31 1 Silver Hill... C3 70
B Sierra Nev 00 OCjSt Louis .... *jo
Eureka Con . . — 50 Syndicate ... 04 06
Exchequer ... 17 ISjUnion Con... 81 82
Gould & Cur. '.12 34 Utah 15 16
Hale & Norc. 70 72! Yellow Jacket 46 47
Julia- - 03 C5l
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bid j^jf
Colehan — 19 .V Y Ton oi
Esperanza ... — 01 Paymaster ... 11 13
Gipsy Queen. — 30 Rescue 05 06
Gold Anchor. 13 26 Ton Belmont. 69 7t
j Gold Mt Con. — 09|Ton & Cal.. 25
' Hannapah .. — 2*5 j Ton Ex 70
Hannapah M. — 20iTon Fraction. — 43
1 MaeNamara . 12 1.3 Ton of Nev. 6 50
I Mizpah Ex .. — 25; Ton N Star. 34 35
j Mont Ton..l 37»i I 45iTon Midway. 43 45
Thursday, January 28.
Stmr Toint Arena. Miller, 14 'hours from
Mendocino, ' via Point Arena 12 hours
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 1.3 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 36 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr. GlDsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monte
rey. • .
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 45 hours from
San DicRo.
Stmr Majnrle, Corning, 3 houra from Half
moon Bay.
U S stmr Dix Ankers. 37 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 23 >j days.
Urig W G lrwin; Hansen. 7 days from Roche
Harbor.
Schr San Buenaventura, Lembke, 4U days
from Coos Bay; Oakland direct.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 5 hours from Point
CLEARED.
Thursday, January 2S.
Br stmr Atholl, Watt. Seattle; China Com
mercial Co.
Bark Roderick Dhu, Kngalls, Hilo; J D
Epreckela & lire* Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, January 28.
Stmr Maggie. Corningr. Halfmoon Bay
Stmr Coo» Bay, Nlcolaon. San Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. Saji Diego.
Stmr Chas Nelson. Gunderson, Astoria
Stmr Oresron, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. Eureka
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Point Arena
Stmr I'omo. .AVlnkel. Albion.
Stmr Del Norte, Green. Crescent City.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Seattle.
Stmr National City. Hammer. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, Seattle ana
Tacoma.
Stmr Centennial. Strand, Seattle.
Nor stmr Tellus. Arntzen, Ladysmlth.
Tug Sea Rover, Thomuson, San Pedro
Br chip Gen Gordon, Gibbon. Melbourne.
Schr Be«sie K. Reed. San Vicente Landing.
Schr Glen, .Peterson, Port Angeles.
Schr Bella, Lazzarevich, Coqulllo River.
. . SPOKEN.
No date, .west of Scilly,- Ger bark Gustav
and Oscar, from Vancouver, for Newcastle,
England.
TELEGRAPHIC,
POIXT LOBOS, Jan 28, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE. velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FAIRHAVKN— Sailed Jan 28— Schr Wm
Renter:, for San Francl»qo.
HUENEME— Passed Jan 28, 2 p m— Stmr
Curacao, from Guaymas. for San Francisco.
PORT LUIILOW— Sailed Jan 27— Schr Queen
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 28— r-Jap stmr Kaga
Maru. from Yokohama.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Jan 2S— Stmr
Newsboy, for Saji Francisco.
TATOOSH — Passed In Jan 28 — Stmr Grace
Dollar, hence Jan 23, for Falrhaven.
Passed out' Jan 28— Bktn John Palmer, from
Port.Ludlow, for Manila.
• •! Passed out Jan 28 — Br »hlo Fleur de Lls,
for South Africa; schr Alice McDonald, for
San Pedro. ¦
EUREKA — Arrived Jan 2S — Etmr Iaqua.
hence Jan 27; U S stmr Hugh McCulloch,
hence Jan 26. -
\ Sailed Jan i'S— Schr Bertie Minor, for Re
dondo. .v.i
FOP.T BRAGG-^Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
• TACOMA — Arrived Jan 2S — Nor bark Sora
ta. ¦ from Callao; schr Taurus, from Kaele
Harbor.
Sailed Jan 28— Sohr Alice McDonald, for
San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 2S— Stmr Aberdeen,
from Coos Bay; stmr Fulton, hence Jan 23
Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Geo W Elder, for San
Francisco; bark Haydn Brown, for San Pedro:
Ital ship Nlnfa; for Cape Town, t Jan 27 — Schr
Laura Madsen. for San Franclaco. Jan 28
Schr -Henry Wllacn, for San Francisco* schr
Volunteer, for San Franclaco.
¦ COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 28-Stmr Empire,
hence Jan 22.
Sailed Jan 2S— Schr Advent, for San Fran
cisco. *
Arrived Jan 28— Stmr Chlco, from Bar.don.
Sailed Jan 28 — Schr Ivy. -for San- Francisco
BANDON— Sailed Jan 28— Schr Onward fof
San Franclaco; schr Ruby, for San Francisco
stmr Chlco. for Coos Bay.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 27— Stmr G
C Lindauer. hence Jan 23.
Sailed Jan 28 — Bktn - Mary Winkelman. for
San Francisco; schr A". T West, for Santa Ro
salia; schr Cecilia Sudden, for San Pedro
ISLAND PORT.'
" HONOLULU— Sailed Jan 2S— Stmr Sonoma,
for •; Sydney. • . ...
Arrived Jan 2S— Ektn Irmgard, hence ¦ 15th.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GUAYAQUIL — Sailed Jan -27— Ger itmr Anu
bls. ¦ for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Jan 27 — Stmr Ban Juan.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Steamer. For. Sails.
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 29
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 30
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 1
Dolphin Sfcagway & Way Port*. Feb. 4
J. Dollar Valdez & Way Ports.. Feb fi
Al-Ki +.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb! 5
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. r»
Bertha. ...... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. F"eb" lo
Santa Ana. ... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Febl 10
The army transport Dix, Captain
George Ankers, the big. black hulled
freighter of the quartermaster's depart
ment, arrived yesterday from Manila.
In a few days she will be ready to take
on board whatever of military stores
and supplies the authorities elect to
pack in her capacious holds for trans
portation to the Philippines. The Dix,
formerly the Samoa, is a sister to the
Pacific Mail Company's Algoa and is
one of the largest carriers c-n the Pa
cific ,.
After a little necessary overhauling
the Dix will go from here to Portland,
where a large shipment of hay and
oats is awaiting her. She will return
from the Oregon port and here fill up
to the limit -of her remaining capacity
with horses and mules.
The Dix has no passenger accommo
dations, but brought from the Orient
two discharged soldiers who have been
serving with the legation guard at Pe
king ond who missed the transport
Sheridan. The passengers were L-.
Charles and O. Engold. The Dix came
home in ballast, but brought a ship
ment of bamboo poles to be used in
the construction of the -Philippine ex
hibit at St. Louis. The Dix also brought
a Filipino casco, which will be taken
to St. Louis on the deck of two flat
cars.
This casco, type of lighter familiar
in the Far East, is something of a
marine curiosity in these "s\ T aters. -,It
Is about 75 feet long and 11 feet in
beam. When in commission heavy
bamboo outriggers prevent its capsiz
ing. The casco is built of hardwood
and weighs about fifteen tons.
The Dix has a cargo capacity of 13,000
tons- measurement. On her outward
voyage her cargo included 36,000 sacks
of oats. 6000 bales of hay and 3,300,000
feet of lumber. The Dix left Manila
38 days ago and was 23% days coming
from Nagasaki.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
ARMY TRANSPORT DIX BRINGS PART
OF FILIPINO EXHIBIT FOR ST. LOUIS
THE SAX FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY. JANUARY .29, 1904.
TO SAIL.
14
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 0:30 a. m., through in 3 days,
with diner and all trapping*.
Other Santa Pa Trains:
7:30 a. m."l for Stockton, Fresno, Bakrrefleld,
:30 a. m. >- M erced, Hanford and Visalia.
8:00 p. m. J
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
6:00 p. tn. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicaco. .
TICKET OPPICES — 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot. S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South Pirst
St., San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISUU ANu MIRTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY COMPAirr.
Tiboron Ferry. Poot of Market Street.
SAIf PBAXrCZSCO TO SAK BAPAEI..
WliEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. ra.; 1U:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. ll:0Oa. m. ; 1:30, 3:30.
5:C0, 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAK RAFAEL TO SAK PBAKCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:35. 7:50, 0:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:60, 3:49, 5:00, 5:20 p. ra.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:55, 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
L«ave 1 In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | Sept. -7, 1008. (San Francisco.
Week I Sun- { Destlna- | Sun- 1 Week
Days. | days. | tlon, j days. | Days.
7:30 al 8:00 a 9:10 al S:4Oa
9:30 a Isnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p! 3:30 p 6:05 p' 6:20 p
5:10 p| 5:00 p 7:05 pT
7:30 al I !»:10a| 8:40 a
I S:OOa Xovato. 10:40 ail0:20 a
3:30p 9:30a Petaluma 6:05p|6:20p
5:10p 3:30p and { 7:35 pj
5:C0p Santa Rosa. | |
7:30 a! I 10:40 a'lO:2O a
8:00 a| Fultoo. 7:35 pi C:2Op
S:30pi 3:30 pj . . |
I Windsor. I
7:30 a S:0Oa Ilealdsburg. 10: 10 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville, 7:35 p 6:20 p
| Cloverdale.
7:30 a S:0Oa! Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 pj and Uklah. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a[ 8:00 a | Wlllits. | 7:35 pf 6:20 p
7:30 a| S:UO a! 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pf Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:*JO p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma, I 9:10 a| 8:40 a
9:10 p| 5:0Op| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30a 8:00a ~ |10:40ail0:20a
3:30 p 3:30p Sebastopol. |7:35p|ti:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Spring*; at Lytton for Lytton Spring*; at Gey-
rervtlle for SkaKga Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's, niverside. Lierly's.
BuckneM's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr'a
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal: at Willlts for Fort Bragg,
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. CovellOv Layton-
vlll?, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen'r. Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
¦H. cf'wHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt. -
111^1111 TOSANRAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
l^^^fi'^^^aj rt» Sausalito Perry.
DaUvi^ «V35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
ra.? 12:20 1u«; 2:55. 3:15. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45.
8: J4oM :2 MktTvALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
tt
7:6S. 9i00. 'lOg**^ TRAINS . ¦
«:00 a. m. dally-Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. re. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomaies and way stations.
. 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadcro and way sta-
t '°Su l nday9 only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyea and
W T y iCKET n OFFICE-626 Market «t.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train.
<M*tn Llna. Foot of Market Street.)
7.00a. VscaTltlc. Wtntom. Knmiey 7-85*
7.0<U BenlcJa, Sulsun, Elralra and Sacra-
mento • i-i.tr
7J0a Vallejo, Kapa, Callstosa, S*aU
• nosa. Msnlaej, Saa Ramon 625*
740a Klles, Llvermore. Trscy, Lathrop.
Stocktoa i;-*V 7 -"*
8X0 a 6h»«n Expreii— (Via DaYi»>,
WlllUm* (for Hartlett Spring*).
TVniows. tKroto. Ked BlaH.
Portland, Tacoma. Seattle 7.55F
8.00a 0sTls.Woodland, KnUhU Landtag, _
MsryivUle, Orotllle 7-oa*
8-33a Fort Costa, Martinez, Aatloch,
Byroa, Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Los Banos. M » n d o t a,
Armoaa. Hanford. Vital la, v
PorterTUIe V"^ 4 «Z»
t-ZOt. Port Coata, Marttnei, Tracy. Lath-
rop. Modesto. Merced, rreino.
eosaea Junction. Hanford,
VlMlla. Bakenfleld «-55»
8.30a JTIles, San Jos«, LlTertaore. Stock-
ton, (tMlltoa), lone. Sacrum ento,
Plaeer»IIle. Msryitllle. Cnlco.
Ued Blalt 4.25»
8.30a Oakdale. Chiaeia. Jimeitewn. 80-
nora. Tuolumne »nd Aogflls 4.25V
800a AtI»ntIcExpre«»— Ordca»nd E«»t. 11.25*
8.30a Rlchtaond, Martinez and wajr
SUttona 8.55»
10 00a The uverlnad Limited — Ogdea,
Denver. Omaha, Chlcafo. -825'
10.00a Vallejo 12.2s#
10. CO* Lo« AB*<!le« Passenger — Port
Costm. Marttnez, Byruo, Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,.
Kaymoad. Fre <ao, Oothra Jane-
tloa, Buxford. Letnoore, Visalia.
Baker»3eld. Lo« Anfetc* 7.23»
lf.CfjM Hayward. Ntl«« and Way Station!. 3 2o'
f* XOr 8»cr»mento Rlrer Stcsmen til .00*
J.30P Bentela. "Winter*. Sacramento.
WowlUiid, Kalgbts LacJIng.
XarytTUle. Oro»!lle and way
•Utions 10.53a
3 30r n»ywar(1.N!ie»aaJ T7»y Bta'-loa*.. 7 i>ir
3.30r Port Costa, Martlne.*., Djron.
Tracy, Latarop. Modesto.
Merced, Fresno ant! Wit Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12 23P
S-SOF Martlnei. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.25a
4.O0F MaKlae»,8anlUnion.VaIleJo.Sapa,
Callitog*, Sunti? Ko»%. 9 25*
4.00p Kllea, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 423p
430? Hayward. Nile*. Irrlastoa. S»a) -8 55 »
Jose. LlTerraoro 1 til. £5*
BCOr Tho Owl Limited— Swrntn. Loj
Bnaos; Mendota. Fresno. Tuiara.
Bakertfleld. Lo» AntfDles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angel?*, for Chi-
cago, vta C. R. I. * P 8.53a
5 COr Port Costa. Tracy, Stockton 12 2S*
t5 30r Rayward. Ntlei and Saa .lo«e 7.25a
6. OOp Hayward. Nile* ana 5»n Joss 3 Si a
SJOp Eastern Exprets— Ofcdea. Denrer.
Omaha, St. Louts. Chicago and
K»*t. Port Cmia. D«nle'.a. Sul-
tun. Elmlrs, I) ivis, Sacr»m»n;-v
Rock 1 la. Auburn. Col fax,
Truciee. Boea. lteno. Wads-
worth, TVInuemucea 5 25?
6.00 Vallejo. aally. >xeept Suaday — I 7 «.
700p Vallejo, Sunday only f '"
7 00? lcichmond. ban Pabio. Port Costa,
Martinez and W«t stations 11.25a
B-CSr Oregon t Cnllfornla Ezpre»— Sac-
ramento. MarytTtlle. Reddtoa;.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-554
9.10r Bay ward, Nile t and San Jose (Suo-
nayonly) 11SS%
COAST LINE (Narrow liaage).
(Koot of Marfcet Street.)
8-1Ba Newark. Centervllle. Saa Jose,
felton. Boaloer Creek. Santa
Cruz and MTtj Station* S-51*
t2.15r Kewark, Centerrllle, San Joio.
New AlraaJf n. Los 0 a:o»,Ke:toa.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and
Prtnclpcl W«y SUtlom tlO-SSA
4.15' Kewark. San Jose, LoaOatoa and » t«.55 A
w»y •tatlona ........ i 110 b$ a
«3 XQr Boater* Train. Saturday only. Saa
Jon- and Way Stattoo*. r.etarn-
lag from Los G»to» 6un«»y only. t7 25>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rronj SAN >l^^ CISCO, Foot of Market St. (SllpO
-r7:15 1:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 B-1Br.it.
From OAKLAKD. >'oo« «f Broadway — 1«:00 tS:tf
n:«o 10:00 a.m. 1200 2-00 4.00 r.n.
COAST' LINE <Ur«ad «a««e).
VT (Talrd aad Town»«nd 8 tree u.)
8.10a Saa Joao and Way Stations 6 30?
7.00a San Jose aad Way Station* 633r
8.00a New Alastdea (Toes, Ti'A.. caTy), 4.10*
100 a The Coaster— Stop* only San Jo«e.
Gilroy (connection for Hotlls-
' ter). Pajaro. CaatroTlll* (eon*
¦ectl«n to and from Moaterey
aad Pactae GroTe). Salinas. Saa
Arda, Pas« Bobles. Santa Mar* -
garlta, San Lais Obispo, prlnclp*!
station* thence Sarf ( conn ec tloa
for Lotnpoc). principal statlcis
thenxe Santa B»rbar»,3«nBoen»-
Tenrara, Saokus. Los Angeles. .. 13. 41*
¦.Ma tan Jose. Tres Plnos. Capitols, ¦
. SantaCraj.PaelflcGroTe.SaJtnaa,
8an Luis Oblspo and Principal
Way Statlon» 4-13*
1980a San Jose aad Way SUtlons 1.20*
11.30a Santa Clara, 6aa Jose. Los Catoa _ .
and Way SUtlons 7.3op
130r 6aa Jose and Way SUtlons 138*
• 420* Del Monta Kxpreas— Santa Clara.
San Jone, Del Monte. Monterey.
Paelfle Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for SanU Cruz. Bonlder
Creefc aad K arrow Gauge Points)
at Gilroy for Hollister, Tre«
Plnos. at Cutrr>Ttll« for Sallnu. 12 13»
8-30f Tres Plnos Way Passenjer 10 4Sa
4 30p Ban Jone and Way Station* tS.OoA
tSOOf aan Jose. (tI» Santa Clara) Los
Uatot. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (exeept 3nnday> 13 C0»
ibiOr SanJosesadPrinclpAlWayStatloBS {343a
S-tOr Ssniet Limited.— Bedwood. Saa
Joie,Gllroy,Sallaas,PasoKob!es.
Ssn Luis Oblspo, Sanu Barbara.
Los Angeles. Demtnr. V.\ Paso.
Sew Ortean*. Kew York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cms
and at Ca«ro»m«««tor " Paclnc
1 Groreand Way SutTons... 7-18a
tt-IEr EanMateo.Beresfard.Helnioat.San
Carlos. lXedwood. Fair Oaka,
kenloPark. Palo Alto tfl 48«
• ?0r Sun Jose and Way Sutloas. 833a
8-OOr Palo Alto and Way Stations 10-15>
tl.SOp south >«aPr»nct»co. MlUbrae. Bur
llneame. San Mateo, Be'.mont,
San Carlo*. R«*w»»d. Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park, and i*»io Alto 9.4Sr
«11-30r JUynelU. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale Lawrence. SanU Clara and
SanJoM ?94Sl
A for Jlurninjt. P for Afternoon.
I ISuoday excepted. t Sunday only.
I Stopsat ill stations on Sunday. > -j^-
t»"Onlr trains Hopping at Valencia St. sonrnhoa*
are6:l°A.ll..7:00AJl,ll:»AJI,»:3Orj^6:a)FJI.a»
! ItCOPJt, ¦.
r ¦
r Mt. Tamalpais Railway
„ ' Leave 'ia Snsalits F«rry .\rrive
Saa Frandaco F«st af Marfcat & San Francisco
t I Week Sun- Sur>- j Week
¦ ! *TjS3 i •»:«>*>* 12:0Sr 10:40*
•1:45? W.'OOa IS^WVt ¦ l:35p »:5 >?
i S:15p 1O:OOa fZiKoSr *:S0p .%:.%Of
! 11:OOa >CV?^5^ 4:SO? »:SO,
_ l:45r O:3»p ,,
c •CMMSt vita ttapte T Wy tad TiSsv frjgi
. "TICltT 1 ft» Majuckt ST.^North Shoje RaOroadT
: Mt1;B I aad SAUSAUro Fsaav. Foot Market Sc
: HEL CALL
' 16 Pa£es. SI ocrYcai*
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
-."Fplce* of Court PSana No. 1133. L O. F.
interment Mooct Olivet Cemetery.
SSI '^XrSX^X^?^
'ttirUSSFrttt be held Friday. !****£.
2JI. at ltfdock. from his late r^uceUm
Montgon.rry street, thence to £•; «»*orjj
• jid K-llows' Cemetery. 1-untral private.
I*le35c omit ficuej-s.
iiALLlNAN— la this city. January _•. 1HM,
Sara!: ACSBSta. Irarly beloved oauehW ot
ratn<U arJ Sarah Hallinan. and beloved tf-
U "f Nathaniel and Joseph Halllnan and
Mr? Elenxy KCBOCUBS, a native of oan
rrarci" o 'eced *i yearh -' months ani 20
i»" A rn'mNr of Geiuvieve Parlor No.
112 V I>. «j. W.
E7Rl«ada and acquaintances are res=pect-
'uil^ brvttcd to attena the funeral to-morrow
'.Saturdavi. at i>MU o'clock, from the resi-
.lra« -f- her wrents 1425 Seventh avenue
r*tw<en L and M streets south, thence to
All Hallows Church, Sixteenth » v «ue and
K s-r-cct south, whert a requiem hich mass
'¦:.UL Le celebrated for the repese of her joul.
< onimencinsr nt 10 o'cio< k. Interment Holy
<rcss> Ctnictrr;-.
# "O tie offkrrs an-J members of Genc\leve
' Tail r No. 132. N. D. G. W.— You are here-
lv reatir*ted to assemble at 1425 Seventh
¦ t-enoe. bctwen L and M streets south, teat-
irday. Januao' 3». 1HO4. at 9 o'clock sharp,
in attend -he funeral serviefs of our late
- Mete- Fare»i Aururta Hallinan. By order of
KMMA MATHEPON, President.
. t: pvorn.l.l.ix. Rfc. ?ec.
]iA*SKi:LL— m East' Oakland. January 2S,
1KM Novel P. beloved hurtmnd of Eveline j
'.I llaskell. end fathfr of Mrs. A. H. Hills, !
a native of Maine, at^d $0 years 7 months
an<l 7 day».
CTKn^rid!" ar.d acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the iuneral senlcos |
Sunday aftr-rnocn. January 31. 1904, at 1
.?>]•« k. at his late residence. :« Kella A ist.t
° aivnur. East Oakland. Interment private.
JAMIHSON— In this oily. January 2S. l!>04, I
Jan*-, J^loved neither cf Mary A. Jamleson. j
sR«»d S<> reara and 2 months. (New York
CttT r*I»ers rlease copy.)
C^Fmnds and acqusintances are respect-
iifily invit»«d to attend the funeral Saturday.
nt 2 o'clock, from her late residence. 1.VS1
Ti-eat avenue. Int«rinent Mount Olivet
< >mptcr> - .
JOHNSON— Ia tUs cHy. January 26, 1904,
V<?lf Johnson, beloved hu.«band of Mary i
.fohnxon. tathcr of Edna. Gertrude. Kmlly
*w\ Phoebe Johnson, and brother of Tilda
Andtjsor, a native of Sweden, ased 37
>eai* 2 nmrths ar.d 18 days.
CyFri^nds and aojuaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
January 23, at 1 :'M o'clock, from his late
residence. :&3 E4inl>urjrii street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. i
KKLLY— In this city, January L'8. 1904. Eu- |
cn<-. btlovtd husband of Catherine Kelly. {
and uncl? cf Eupene Kelly Jr. and Annie J.
Ccovkjr, a native of County Down, Ireland,
rfged 60 yrary.
LIL.1^— In this rity. Januar> - 2S. 1904. Conrad
Is*ll. be'f.ved husband of the late Catharine
l.:Il. and father <if August and John Lill. a
native «>f Germany, acfd T2
; 11 mcnths and 5 days.
LEK MAN SOW — In tKe City and County Hos- '
rit/.l. January 28. 1&04. Lee Man Sow, a
native ct .China, axed 26 year?.
L1ESKNFELD— In Naoa. January 27, 1904.
Kliau-lv^th Li<>»enfeld, beloved wife of the
late P. Lieeenfeld. a native of Germany.
* agej 7K year? 10 mor.th*< and 2 days.
* cyf'ri^nds and acquaintances are respect-
Jully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
.lanuaiy :i0. 19(M, at 2 o'clock, from St.
Murku* Church, O'Fanvll street, between
franklin and Goueh. Cremation Odd Fel-
loiis' Cemeterj'-
'%ic* C«tJIACK- Cecelia, wife of the late John
StcCcrmark. mother of Martin J. "McCor-
maxk. Mrs. F. P. McCarty and the late
l'atrl"k Nyland. srandmother of Mollle and
AliCi'McCormack, Theobald M., Alice E..
Bcatric- M.. Evelyn G-, Frances M., Car-
,. liielita G., Mr*. J. M. Crowlev and the late
iJcrtrude Mct^rty, and great grandmother
of Kevin C and AnsHm Crowley, a native
cf KHreccle. Ccunty Galway, Ireland, agred
74 years.
ET^Frl^nds asjd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Safjrdey), at S:.'{0 o'clock, from her late
. residence, 2210 Green wicJi street, thence to
St. Vincent de Paul'» Cisurch, where a sol-
emn requiem hieh mass will be celebrated
for the rf pos<- of her f>oul. commencing at »
o'clcrk. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCREADIE — The nrst anniversary requiem
high mars will be celebrated for the repose
•if thr ecul of the late Bridget McCreadie at
f=t. Charles Church on January 29. at , 9
o'clock. Krien<l« and acquaintances are re-
spectfully Invited to attend.
MtMAHOX- In this clt>, January 27, 1904.
I>fc:ii'-i J.. beloved husband of the late Jen-
nie MrMalicn, tnn of Catherine and the late
Matthew McMahon, and brothfT of Aimer I
McMahon aud Mr«. A. F. Breslin, a native •
Of Oakland, Cal.. ated 35 years 5 months
*nd 19 days. A member of Golden Gate j
Council No. Zi, Youne Men's Institute, and
of Court Acme No. 51.
C3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Friday t, at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
drnce, a Sumntr street, thence to St. Jo-
srfT'h'i? Cburch. where a requiem hieh mafs
win be celetratf-d for the repose of his noul,
< ommencins at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
'"rr>-« O-mttery.
TO the officers and members of Golden Gate
¦ Council No. 34, Y. M. I— You are hereby |
notif.id to attend thp funeral of our late I
brother, Daniel J. McMahon. from his late .'
redtcience. 9 Sumner street, off Howard, be-
: ««fn Seventh and Kighth. Friday morning.
' ?t & o'clock eharp. Fllif for non-attendance
strictly enforced.
W. J. RILEY. President.
E. J. HARRINGTON', Cor. Sec.
SI ATS* X— In this city. January 28. 1904. Ma*r-
r sie Watsen, beloved wife of Leander Mat-
fn. a native of Finland, aged 33 years.
NKWELL — In this city, January SS. 1904,
' Horace, bel-jvf-d hushard of Amy D. Newell,
and father of Arthur I), and Ralph G.
N"w«-ll, a native of Enfield, N. H., aged
7J ycari?.
O'LEARY— In this citj\ Januarj- 2S, 13<M,
* Mary C O'Leary, beloved daughter of the
!at* Julia O'L-arj', and beloved Fister of |
Mr«. M. J. Hayes, a native of Skibbereen, I
Crjrity Cork. Ireland, aeed f>4 year»>.
£7"Notir-e of funeral hereafter. Remain*
at Che rarlors of J. C. O'c"onnor & Co.. Tt>7
Uifslon Btnet, between Third and Fourth.
O'NEILr- In ti>is city, January 28. 18(M, the !
, K ; a\ James I>5uis O'Neil, O. P., a native
, <,f Brooklyn, N. Y., ased 45 years 5 months
and 21 days. <New York papers pleaee copy.)
ICTA solemn requiem mass will be sung
in St. iJomtnic's Church, Bush and Steiner
"tree;*, at 10 o'clock to-morrow (Saturday).
The rever*nd rlerey are Invited to be pr*s-
jent without further notice. The Interment
will take i.lnce Sunday at Benicla.
•JNE1L— In this city, January 23, 1904. Ellen
One.ll, beloved elster of Jeremiah and
.Jfahn Oneil and th«> late Mary Linden, a
r.ati\e of County Kerry. Ireland, ared 65
rears. (New Orleans. La... and Beverly.
Masr.. papers please copy.)
CFrieiuJa and acquainunees ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
»>t 9 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter &. 'Unite. 4T3 Golden Gate avenue,
thence to Holy Cross Chorch. where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
jfpos* of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'cll>ck. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
\ ia electric funeral car from Guerrero and
Eighteenth ftreets.
HOKDEL— In Sjtn Mateo. Januarj' 27. l'.KM
Phi! M. FiO'del. hushar.d of Minnie G* Roe-
¦W, father or Charles F.. Clara H. and Alice
L. rioedfl. snd brother of Mrs. Mlieii Stan-
<i>h. a native or Chicago, III., aged 40
j rart.
CTFr\»n&* 2nd ecquair.JanceK are respect-
'•i;!v invited to attend the funeral services at
Pt bis late lf-Fidf-nre on Friday. January 23,
st .'! o'clock. Interment private.
'.irtFKTi— In this city, January 27. 1904, Leo-
pold, beloved and only son of Aurust and
Olida Refer, a native of San Francisco, a«r»d
17 years anil 3 months.
!:oONEY--In this city. January 27 1304
Mary Rocncy. a native of Will iarnst own!
!.amh of Ourthnahc*. County Tipperan 1
Ireland.
CTFri'nds and Rcquaintancos are respect-
tully Jnvited to attend th«> funeral to-day
iPriday) at *>:IT, o'clock, from the parloia
of the I nited I. ndtrtakers. W>»» Mission
arrert. be»m Fourth and Fifth, thence
to St. Brig id s Church, where a requiem
hrh man will be celtbratfd for tlie renose
of her toul, commrnrinr at 0 o'clock. In-
terment Holr Cress Cemeter}'.
SLOAN— In tlii* cl«y. January 28. I9(M, pat-
i-i'k Sloan, beiuved husband of the late
KHzabrtii Sloan, father or William J and
?!ary Rloan. ar.d brother of John and %Yil-
liam Sioan. a !!atlvr : O f Carlincford, County
Louth. Ireland, aged 40 years.
ETNotlrc of funeral hereafter. Remains
tit the parlors ot J. r. O'<"onnor & Co.. 7C7
.'.ii.-s.ion *trt.Tt. between Thiitl and Fourth.
STUART— In this Uty. January 20. J5XM Wil-
v liam Adams Ktuart. a. native of Newbur--
port. Mats.. ag*d Cl years and 10 days
E7"The funeral will take place on Friday
January 29. 19y4, at 2 o'clock, from Masonic
'lYmplt. corner l'ort and Montgomery streets
where wrvlces will be held under the aus-
f : .re* of Uxcelslor Lodge No. 1«U, F. and A.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannapan * Gallacher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN' Mcr
1LNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. '
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmcrs-
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple
Now at SC8 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Kquipimsnta at Moderate Hates.
Jamea McGinn. " Henry Hansen. I
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy ft.; Tel. South 876.
M. Interment Drivaie. Remains at the par-
' lors or Carew Jt Enslish, B9 Van Ness' ave-
nue. "
SULLIVAN— In ihis city. January 1-'S. ll»04.
rMmifs. Iielcved son of Marearet and the
lat<- Michael Sullivan, and brother of Nora
HuMivcn, a native of Courtniacsherry, County
Cork. Ireland, aced HO years.
tCJ'Nolice of funeral hereafter.
TITRXKR— In this eitv. January 27. 1004.
D&nicl Turner, a native of Glaasow, Scot-
land, accd 77 years. /
(CyKrif-nds are invited to attend tiie fu-
neral ttrvices to-day (Krldtiy). at 9:43
o'clock, at his late residence, 701 O'Farrell
•street.
WEHk— In Mill Valley, January 27, 1301.
Gmstav T. Wehr. beloved husband of Cath-
erine W>hr. father of Fred, Kmma, Meta
and Xnrmnn We'.r, and brother of Mrs.
Kmma Reise. Mrs. C. Heyer and Theodor G..
William K. V. and Henry C. Welir, a native
¦of Holitein, Germany, aped 40 yfars 7
months o.nd HJ days. A member of Mission
, Km No. 5!). K. O. T. M.
Ityi'-rlfnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite to attend the funeral services
Friday; January 21». 1J*>4. ot 1:30 o'clock, at
the funeral oarlors of Dr. V. n. Sawyer, 808-
S1O Fourth street. San Rafafl. Cal. Inter-
ment Mour.t TamaiDals* Cemetery.
WH1PPLE— In Decoto, Alameda County, Cal..
January 28. 1!K>4, Charles Whlpple, beloved
father of Charles. James and Uertha Whip-
j>le, Mrs. Lulu Volmer, Mrs. Annie Meyer,
Mr-?. Clara Mny, Mrs. Edna Hurlbut and
Mr?. Kim Haly, a native of Clarkson, Pa.,
aged 7i> year* S months and \S days. fNew
York ar.d Michigan papers please copy.)
CFritnds and acqualntanc?!! are respect-
fully invit«J to atttnd the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 11 o'clock, ct his
late residence, Decoto, Alameda County, Cal.
IntermeY.t Cypress Cemetery, Decoto.
AVIEDERMEIR— In this city, January 26, 1904,
Otto Wiedcrmeir, a native of Germany, aged
:J5 years.
-. RAILWAY TBAVEL
>F ensure a comfortable trip to |
Sh °Go!den_ State |
II \ \ Lewes San Francisco^ Li
*^^ 1 . \ Santa Barbara and Lo* p|
I w'V '\ Aajdcs daily, December 15 tq
-"^^ I \*^ ' to A P ra I9 *° r To P cka » if
I II l\ L _•? Kansas City and Chicago. H
( | . U |&E£H83raliraA tickets, births and liter- U
fl^|:0i^BfflBwP^l«^ ature at this cfEce and at >i
jj^jmy^ Southern Pacific ticket s|
]jj|jij|!|R^]mT C. A. RUTHERFORD, [ I
J^AjjWlJWBU®! Dbtrict Passsngtr Agent, t\
jjjffiPlAjlrMJJSn 6s 3 Market St., Saa Francuco, Cal. |jNothing of note occurred on the local ex
changes yesterday. Trading was light all
around, and fluctuations were insignificant.
Among the unlisted securities f 1000 San Fran
cisco and North Pacific 5s sold at $110 62>i-
The mining stocks were moderately active
and the oil stocks dull.
The North Pacific Trading and Packing Ccm
par.y of Alaska has levied an assessment of
$25 per share, delinquent' February 27.
The Caledonia (Gold Hill. Nevada) Mining
Company ha* levied an assessment of 15 cents
per share, delinquent March 2.
The Quiney Copper Mining- Company of Mich,
igan has declared a semi-annual dividend of
?2 50 per. share, payable February 25.
Imperial OU Company has declared a divi
dend of 20c per share, amounting to $20,0CO.
payable "February 6.
Thirty-three Oil Company has declared a
dividend of 10c • per share, amounting to $10,
0Ci>. payable February 0.
At the regular annual meeting of the Giant
Powder Company Consolidated the old officers
and directors were re-elected as follows: C.
C. Bercis, president; L. F. Monteagle. vice
.TRANSACTIONS FKAV AND FLUCTUATIONS
GENERALLY NARROW.
EASTERN HARKETS.
" Ncza York Money Market. -
¦* XKW TORK. J«n 2S.— Clote— Prime mcr
"••nt::e.r«per, 4HK5VJ Per cent.
" exchange was strong, tht-n weak,
•a till ¦ Rctual bueine*!! in- *>anker»' bills at
*i.s570?j4.N»75 fur cemand and a.t $*.S310(j.
«.«-::i5 for Fixty day bills.
i'j-Tod r»l«». *l.M*«t.«»4.
, •¦« .:::r.iercial lillls. Jl 82^64 62%.
Mexican 42«ic .
Bends— <:ovcrnmsnts. easier; '.railroads,
' 'JVcw York Stock Market.
NHW YORK. Jen. 2V— The speculative party
wf-irh !-.as rrneteatly eupported rtocks
•*much the later eU£ca of the recent advance ,
STOCK MARKET.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
May-W'87%. •- .. ;
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 37%.
BARLEY— The market was again apathetic
California tlub. $1 TPftm 424; California
White -Australian. $1 45C1 50; Northern Club.
$1 3S?4@1 41U: Northern Bluestem. $1 47%@
1 50; Oregon Valley. $1 40. ,
WHEAT — Foreign cables were weaker.
Chicago advanced from 89>4c to f>O}Jc and
fell back to SO-Xe. The Cincinnati Price Cur
rent reported the condition of the crop main
tained. The top growth Is small, but the root
growth la healthy. War rumors started buy-
Ing on the Board of Trade.
The Chicago of Boltor;, de Ruyter A
Co. Mild: "Market is again Irregular and
nervous on only a moderate volume of trade.
Armour Is still playing v.-iththe May, sup
porting it on breaks and possibly selling llttlu
on tho rallies. There is local buying of the
July. ¦ Cables are still dull, primary receipts
little below last year and clearances . very
small The Northwest Miller .reports the ex
port jemand for Flour very small. Broomhall
cables from Argentina offerings and shipment!
of the week estimated about 2,000.000 bushels.
Market has no decided tendency as yet and
ne are inclined to look for. a good scalping
action.'v
There was no material change In this market,
which was quiet.
CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Iron <*lo«ed at 40i Od in Glasgow and 42s
4 •id In Middleeboro. Locally iron was quiet.
No. 1 fourdry. Northern, if quoted at .tlSf/lG;
No. 2 foundry. Northern. $14915; No. 1 foun
dry, Southern, and No. 1 foundry, • Southern
eoft, ?13 75611 25.
Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK. Jan. 2S. — Tin wes weaker In
London, declining £l@£l*2s Cd. with spot
quoted at £120 12? Od and future- at £127 C3
Locally tin was sympathetically easy, closing
at $27 75&28 25.
Copper wa« 2s Cd lower in Lor.don st £5C
12s Cd for FDOt. but futures were unchanged
at £52 l*!s 2d. Locally copper was nominally
unchanged. Lake Is quot?d at $12 1TJW.I&;
J2 S7V, electrolytic $12 5Chgl2 75 and casting
S12 S7>4'912 C2V4.
Lead was steady at ?t C0W4 fi5 in New York,
and was quotrd nt CM 11s 3d in London.
Spelter closed unchanged at $4 93#?5 C3 In
the New York market and at £21 5s In London.
,'¦ Nq?.u York Metal Market.
Flour. Qr sk3 .. 27.419 Scrrenlnw. ska.. 200
Wheat ctls l.QW Pelts. No 2S5
Barley ctls 3..W5 Hidfs. No 414
Beans, sks 300 Sugar, ctls .... 500
Corn West, ctls OOo Quicksilver, flks 2."
Potatoes, sks .. C.ft3S Leather, rolls... 130
Onions s>ks ..:- 340 Brandy, irals . . in.4.*.O
Bran sks 500 Wine, gals 93,200
Mitld'.inrs. sks.. ICO Tallow, ctls .... 40
Hay. tons ..i.. CIS Paper, reams .. CflO
Hops bales .... .10 Ll:ne. bb!s .... 093
Wool! bale* 103
FOR THURSDAY. JANUARY 23.
Receipts of Produce.
j Exchange and Bullion.
\ Silver declined ->ic. Exchr rates re
mained ab before.
; The Gaelic, now about due. will bring up
I 200.000 Jjpaneeo yen for tbo Anglo-Ccllfornlan
Bank.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 61
Sterling Exchange, eight.. — 4 86^
fitrrilng Exchange, cables — 4 87 Vi
New York Exchange, sight .... — 12V4
New Yorl: Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 55^4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44 13) 45
There is no Improvement !n the Cheeso sit
uation, stocks still being too large and the
market rulinz weak.
Receipts were -JCJ.SCO lbs Butter. 005 cases
Egss and 13,500 lbs Chee*«.
BUTTER— Creamery,- 20c for firsts. 3C£r31c
for extras and 26@28c for seconds; dairy, 1S(P
22c; store Butter, nominal; cold storage, 19©
22i4c per lb.
CHEESE— lOtj 11 He for food to choice new
and "WfiJHJc'for lower grades; Young Amer
!p«e. H«l2c; Eastern. 15©lCc; West-rn. 1-lfl
15e per lb . * ,
EGGS — Ranch, 24{?25c for choice to fancy
and 22 > <t$2.'io for small and mixed colors; store.
22924:; cold storage. -lS<rlOe.
Eggs continue firm at Unchanged prices.
There has been a good deal of talk about sun
dry cars being shipped East during the past
day or two, but close Inquiry unearths only
one thus far. Montana Is In tho market for
a small quantity. The demand for etore
Eggs continues better than that for ranch.
Receipts continue to show a noteworthy uni
formity, rtannlng between 050 an>l 1000 cases
per day. and the market is taking care of
them without difficulty.
¦ Butter quotations show tome change. Cold
storage gords are lower and weak. Fancy
creamery continues scarce and firm. Consid
erable creamery is going out ns extras which
would only grade as firsts, and the classifi
cation of prices Is altered to conform to this
condition. There is a good deal of talk about
some Eastern Butter being sent into Los An
£ele«, but a careful canvass of tho market
falls to verify these rumors.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LOCAL MARKETS.
president; C. H. Phillips. T. B. Pheby, T. B.
Bishop, Jame» Smith and C. H. Crocker. The
report of the president states that over 700.060
pound* more dynamite were manufactured than
In any preceding year, and that had it not
been for the labor troubles in Colorado this
would have been largely increased. During
the past year twelve monthly dividends of 3u
cents p«r share were paid, amounting to $121,
t»73 33, against Jho,177S>4 in 190.1. showing
profits over and above dividends of JU.T'.ir. .;.'.
There has been a reduction of $43,530 42 in the
Indebtedness.
The shareholders of the newly organized Pet
alunia National Bank of Petaluma at their
first annual meeting elected the following di
rectors: Charlea Martin, president: Henry
Schluckeb:er, vice president; Henry Brunner.
0. A. Hale. T. C. Putnam. D. J. Healey. A.
F. Goncalves, William H. Zartman and A. J.
Bloom. J. H. Gwlnn. cashier and secretary,
and U. H. Tomasml. assistant cashier.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
THURSDAY. Jan. 2S— 2 p. ra.>
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107*4 — 4» qr cp newlSHVil-'H
4s qr reg.-.^SlOS 1 ;!:!" qr coup.. 107 lCSVi
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co «s.HS —
Bay CPC r.s.lO2\i — Do 5s lf» —
Cal C G 5*. — 107 Do con 5s.lO2Vi —
Cal G & E g Ocear\i<° S Z». — 75
m & ct 5». — 104 Om Cabl# fis.l22Vil2.-.
Cal-st 5s 114 — Tac G Im 4s. — 0*
C C Wat 5s. — 104 P E Ry 5«.lO4»il0i'»
Ed L & JP «5s.l23 131 P & C H Cs.103 —
F & C H 6s. — 120 P & O R to.llrt —
Geary-st 3s.. 45ti SW Powell-st fs.llZV, —
H C&S 5VJS.104 — iSE G& IS Bs. — ICO^i
Do 5s JWH1C0 |SF & SJVos.ll7 7 -illK%
lion R T 6s.lOG — |Siwa Ry 6s.llO-"rill2
1. A Elec 5s. — — iS P of A 8s
L A Ry 5»..114*iU5Vi 41!»rtO> ir.Mil05%
L A L Co Cs. — — «IO1O> 106', —
Do gtd 6s. — — 5 P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 104ti .UOCSiPr A.1C4 —
LAP lem 5s.lO2U — nW5)9r 8.104% —
Mkt-st C Rs.llfi'.117'.i , (100R) ;".V.1Gl%1M
Do lcro S3.114U115 (1912) 117 HS>i
NRR of C63.1B« — SPC 1 eg 3«- — " — ,
Do 5s 117^i — Do stmpd. 103XJ —
NPCRSs. — — SPBR Cs.i.V.ti —
N C R 5».. — 112 S V VT fis.107 —
N C P C 5s. S» 10O Do 49 2fim. !K>»4 —
N S R R 5s — 100'i Do 4* .^fJm. OO^i —
O G L H .is.lCS — Stkn G*E 6s — 102
! O W gtd 5s. — 09 U G A E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 39 4O I Port Costa . . — —
Marin Co'... — O ' Is V W Co. 30>.i 30*4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 4»>;S F G & E. !W 5SV;
Mutual E L. 11 H 15 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 56 — U G & E.. — 33
Sac E G & R — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
1 S F G St E. — -— |v
INSURANCE.
Firem'a Fnd.339 :15O 1
BANK STOCKS. ,'
Am Nt! Bk. — 1"«> L P St A... — 170
I Anglo-Cal .. S9' ; i 82 Mer Trust... — 240
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex....— —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Nation!. — • — "
First Natlonl — —
- SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2300 Sav & L So. — ICO
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sar BK. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.620 650
STREET RAILROADS.
'California ..107^205 i?re3ldlo *0 4CtJ
; Geary — SO I
i POWDER.
Giant 63^i — I Vl«orlt 3H —
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — Kllauea S C. — 3
Hawaiian pi 44% IM, Makawcll C. 21 22
Honokaa S C 12 124 Onomea S C — 30
Hutch S P C 8 — iPaauhau S C 12^i UV,
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.1-WH140 Oceanic 8 C. 4 5
Cal F C A. «5 — Pac Aux FA 5 5^
Cal Win* A. t'4% 95H Tac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
60 S F Gas & Electric 5S 00
100 Spring Valley Water Co 33 50
SO Spring Valley Water Co. s 90. 3d 50
Stre«t —
50 Giant Powder Con »4 no
$40,000 Nor Ry of Cal t? per c-nt 1C« 'J3
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Giant Powder Con. s W> £ I W>
25 Hawaiian Coml * Sujar. b 30. 45 CO
40 Spring Valley Water Co -TO 5<>
$l.C00 N P C R R 5 prr cent 104 75
$11,000 Market-st Ry'lst con 5s 115 CO
! Street—
I $1,000 N P C R R 3 per c«nt IM 75
i $9,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s » stamped). 1O» 75
I $10,u00 S P Branch Ry tt per cent 134 CO
! California Stock and Oil Exchange
-Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma
! Associa ted Trust "cert ".". '.'.'.I IS ....
Aztec <- : -j
California Standard .... 12
I Caribou 1 «0 2 Co
; Central Point Con C5 '...V-'
¦'Chicago Crude ' ;.'..'
Claremnnt 45 53
E«peranza 13O .
Four Tl
Fult«m -. ..'.ii w-, 4 Ou
Giant
Hanford 142 OO 145 OO
Home 110 1 -15
I Imperial 17 (0
! Independence 1.1 ....
1 Junction 07
I Kern 4 50 S <»»
! Kern River 10 OO 13 rn
i Lion Cl
: Monarch of ArUona 33 . 4t
> Monte Crtsto — ... 75 • 77 4
• Occidental of W Va.... Ifi
! Oil City Petroleum SO Cl
Peerless IS *0 : .
Pittsburg ....
Reed Crude 4. CO ....
R F & McKlttrlck ....
; San Joaquln O & D ....
1 Senator R5 -.'...
' Sovereign M ' 4ft
, Sterling .1.'.% ; 2 «fc>
; Superior OS- "?
I Thlrty-thrte 6M 700
! Toltcc :. 13 2i)
I Twenty-eight 4 50
jfl'wt Shore 3 CO
i Miscellaneous — . - . -
I Abby Ixnd & Improvement.. 1 30 1 *0
I Alameda Sugar '¦..¦ 29 00
American Blsc-Jit 5O0O ....
American District Tel ....
Cal Gat & Electric Corp .'. . ...»
California Cotton Mills 8D OO 05 (XT
California Jockey Club....
California Shlprln* Co ......
Cal Title Ins & Trust
Central Bank of Oakland 70 CO
Chutes Company ....
CypreM Lnwn Imp Co. 8 25 ....
Fischer's Theater '. 2 23
j Gas Consumers' Association 21 CO
I Honolulu Sugar 12 00
, Northern Cal Power & CO ....
: North Shore Railroad 20 OO
• Orpheum Company 16 CO ....
: Pacific States Tel & Tel..... ....*
I Parafflne Paint 35 00 ....
I San Frnnelseo Drydock ....
i Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 50 ....
Pausallto Land & Ferry ....
Spcrry Flour Company..... .... ....
! Standard Electric ...'.
I Tes'.a Coal Co 25 00 SO CO
1 Truckee Electric .....
I Union Sugar ....
'United'Gas & Electric ....
\ SALES.
! 1C0O Sovereign •• 33
Afternoon Session.
1000 Associated Oil IS
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale* on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board, yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha 10 40O Crown Point.. S3
1700 Belcher 48 100 Exchequer ... 17
700 Belcher ...... 4« ann Gould & Cur. .17
500 Belcher ..... 45 200 Justice 10
100 Best & Belehl 7.1 ICO Mexican I <tt
loo Best A Belch. 1 70 22CO Overman .... XI
60O Caledonia t'lrt 100 Ophlr 3 90
ICO Caledonia i IS. 1 110 Ophlr 3 <t.i
300 Challenge ... 34 2CO Potoai 23
50O Con Imperial. 04 2OO Savage 5C
200 Confidence ...1 25 200 Se« Belcher.. 11
Receipts of Game were light, but there was
plenty of carrled-over stock on hand and the
market ruled weak at previous price*.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. I8fe'21c per lb:
llvo Turkeys. 15@17c per Ib; Geese, per pair.
S282 25; Goslings. $:ej2 25: Ducks. $5 MSM
per dozen for old and 54 50<f?5 for young; Hens.
$5 50@6 50 for large and $4 50i@5 for small:
young Roosters. $5 50t?T(i; old Roosters, *2@
6 50; Fryers, $5(50; Broilers, $1 50@5 for
large and $.1 SO® I 50 for small; Pigeons,
fl 25§1 &0 :<er dozen for old and $2 25^-' 50
for £c.u<ibfi
GAME— Mallard Ducks. ?2'~ t per <5o*en:
Canvasback $3@4: Sprig $1 50@l 75: Teal.
SI: -Widgeon. *l; small Duck.*. 75c5>$l:
Gray Geese. $3; White Geese. 75c0
$1 25; Brant, $1 1'5 for email tnd *2 for large:
Honkers. $4 SO for large and $3 DO for small:
English Snipe. $3; common Sr.ipe. $1 W): Wild
Povts. $1: Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and
SI 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 -5@1 50.
Two more cars of Western Poultry were
marketed, making five for the week, includ
ing one which came in on Saturday. A third
car came in le.to In the day, but was not
placed on sale. Th^ market was decidedly
weak, and Western Hens and Roosters moved
off sloviy at $ti@U 50 per dozen. Local stock
arrived, freely and was weak, owing to the
liberal arrivals of Western. Toung Roosters,
Fryers and Broilers were quoted lower.
Dres*ed Turkeys were dull, with receipts too
heavy for the market to absorb. About 75
cases came in and prices had a wide range
as to quality A tew cases of fancy gob
blers sold at 22c per pound, but the top quo
tation was, an extreme figure for the genera!
run. ?-v.i
Poultry and Game.
% St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 2S. — Wool, nominal: me
dium grades combing and clothing, 17@21c;
Usht fine. 15}/17'ic; heavy fine, 12gU^c;
tub washed. 20G30 He.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening C 3Vi 6 2%
Cloilng 6 3»i 6 2
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 20 SO 2115
Closing 20 SO 2115
Flour —
Opening 2!> fto 2S 55
Closing 29 10 2« CO
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Jan. 28.— The offerings at th«
wool auction sales to-day conMeted of a supe
rior «election. numbering- 18.H41 bales. Vic
toria was In demand and home and continental
buyers wrrc spirited bidders. America se
cured hoiup suwrlor washed. Yearlings and
larr.bs wool were slow and most of the of
ferings were bought In. Home buyers pay
i 3s ."{'.¦id for very superior lambs. Fine and
medium crofKbrerls were firm, but coarse
were 5 per cent below the best price of tha
series.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. *
PORTLAND. Jan. 2S.— WHEAT — Walla
I Wnlla, 74<375c; Bluestem. 79«}SCc; Valley, 78&
(gyric.
i The whoat shipments from this port for the
! week ending to-day wers 10S.730 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA.Jan. 28.— WHEAT— Bluestem, 70c;
Club, 7r.c. • '": . <
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Jan. 29.— Clearings, $473,736;
balance*. $00.0*5.
TACOMA, Jan. 23. — Clearings, $306,441; ba4
ar.reE. 541.471.
PORTLAND. Jan^. 2S.— Clearings, $511,OS3;
, balanris. ?:W,0. r .r.. ;
t?POKANI5. Jan. 28. — Clearings, $377,011;
, balances, $.*>7,,':3S.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet and demand light. Common, 4'g.">c;
prime. 5 1 iS5 J .ic; choice, a^gCc; fancy, Ci^
@7c.
PRUNES — Quiet, ranging from 3',jc to (i-Ac,
according to grade.
I APRICOTfi — In fair demand »nd firm
Choice, m;flO".<;; extra choice, 8«i®10Vic;
fancy, Iliffil5c.
PEACHKS— Remain quiet, with quotations
firm. Choice, 7V*ffl7?ic; extra cholco, "%&
61&C
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR — Raw, Steady; fair reSnlr.K, 2 l3-16c;
eentnfuga'., 90 fst. 3 5-lUc; molts s»s EUgar.
2 9-l«5c; refined, dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 ir.volce,
S 15-I»ic; mild, rteafly; Cordova, S?4'513He.
Th<» mnrk't for coSce futures oupnert firm at
an advr.nce of 5Q15 points on active buying,
encouraReo 1 . i>erhar»s. by (he continued liffht
Brazilir.n rOcHpte, which appear to ha confirm
ing b-.illish idejis sis to a decrcaHed production.
Tlie nnrc-.>*an mcrkets were • no more Fttady
and the opening advance In the local market
fttlracted realislnc. but cotton traders sup
ported the market. The market was finally
steady, net nnchar.ced to 5 points higher.
Sales" wrc t-e lareert on record, reaching
500 250 ba~3vfor the day. February, 7.;>0fj>
7.KSc; March, &©S.10c; April. S.15c: May. S.15
July, g.r.fK ! 3«;.C5c; Peptcmber. S.70f^
s.'.Cc: October, S.OOCiS.Ojc; December, &C9.16C
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2-S.— FLOUR— Receipt!".
20*300 bamls: exports, 75C0 barrels. Steady,
with limited inquiry.
WHEVT — Receipts. 0(5 bushels. Spot,
firm No. 2 red, (»2c; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
S9 s ic f o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
nominal, f. o. b. afloat. The wheat trade this
morning was unusually Flow, but with prices
steadier on reported rains in Areontlna and
evidence of further bull demonstrations West.
\fter midday they advanced further on strong
outside markets and a big cash demand at
Minneapolis, cicslng viS'ir net higher. May,
Ol^fffW'-ic, closed 02f,ic; July, S6 7-lCc, closed
S7 7-1 6c.'
HOPS— Firm.
Nczu York Grain and Produce.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar R-flning Com
pany quotes S3 follows, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed nnd Fine Crushed. 5.55c;
Powdered. 5.40c; Candy Granulated. 5.4Cc: Dry
Granulnte'l. t5n;. 5.HCc: Dry Granulateil. coarse.
5.30c: Fruit Granulated. 5..T0c: Beet Granulat
ed llOO-lb bacs cnly>. 5.10c: Confectioners' A,
r..30c: Magrolia A. 4.n0e: Extra C. 4.S0c; Golden
C, -1.70c; "D." 4.OV: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50r more: 50-ib bngs.
loc mere for all kinds. Tablets — Half bairels,
5.Sfc; boxrs. C.fioc; H. *; E. Crystal Dominon,
S.SCc per )b. No orders taken for less than
sev«-nty-flve barrels or Its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. fit^O
7e per lb: White Lead. <Mi§7e. according to
quantity. -". :
BAGS — Grain Bags 5H®5Uc: San Quentln,
5.55c: Wool Bags. Ji'gac; Fleece Twins. Tn'J
Sc.
COAL — Wellington, $3 per ton; New Wei*
lington. $S; Seattle. $8 CO; Bryant. $9 50; Bea
ver Hill yj: standard. $7: Roslyn, $7:
Coos Bay. $5 CO: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7: Rich
mend, i" t>0. Cumberland. $1U In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Caanel. $* 50 per ton: Coks. Ill 5u^
1:5 per ton in bulk and $15 '.n sacks; Rock.v
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrets; for eases,
add 5c: Linseed. 43c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw: Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakem' AA. $1 ICfil 12; '.ucol. 44c for bolleO
and 42c for raw: China Nut, CO®70c per gallon-
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 5sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 80c; natura: winter Sperm Oil. 73c; extra
bleached winttr Whale Oil. COc; natural Whale
Oil. COc: extra winter strained Lard OH, 83c-
No. 1 Laid Oil. 75c; pure Neatsfont Oil 75c-
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. jBSe: light Herrtn* Oil, 45c :
dark Herring Oil, 43c: Salmon Oil. 33c: boiled
Firh Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. : \c: boiled Paitu
Oil 35c; raw Paint Oil. Mr.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
in bulk. 15c: Pearl Oil in esses. 21 «4c; Astral.
21 He: Star. 2H*cr Extra Star. 25Vic; Elaine.
27^ic: Eocene. 24%C: D»odorlxed Stove Gaso
line, in bulk. 17c; In rases. 2'P4c: Benzine. In
bu!k. 13c: in cases. 19Ue: "<6-degre« Gasnlln*.
In bulk. 25o; In cases 31c.
Ti;i:PEXTINE— S8e per gallon in cases and
S2c in drums nnd Iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
Discouraging reports are still being received
from the southern counties, where the sto»k ia
dying off from lack of water and pastura*e.
No complaints are being received from the
central r.nrt northern counties. There la noth
ing new in the lecal market.
DRKSfED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
PEF.F—^V.@7>4c for Steers and e^C^c per
lb for Cows."
VEAL— Large. Sf?!»e: final!. OfflOc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. &i£®10c: Ewes. 'Jij'j'.ic
per lb.
LAMB — 1O'.i<SiXc per lb.
PORK — r>res«rd Hors. "flMtc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, lets 5ti
per cent *=hrtnk«sre for Cattle:
CATTLK— Steers. 8<J9c; Cows and Heifers.
7gSc; thin Cows. Va'ic per lb.
CAI.VES — 4fi4Uc per lh (grc«>» weight). •
SHEEP— Wethers. 4m85c: Ewea. 4V4tN%e
per lb (gross, weight).
LAMBS— S®5Hc per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to.lSO lbs. 5*4<B3V4c:
over l£0 lbs. 5c; soft Hogs, 4Vic: Sows, 20 pfr
cent off; Hears. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40
por cent oft irern above quotations.
Meat Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 2$.— CATTLE— Receipts,
18. COO: stfady to lower. Good to prime steers,
$4 U.'igS t!0: poor to medium. $4©4 75: fitock
ers and fee.ie'rs. $2 4 Off 4 10; cows. $1 5004 10;
heifers. $2'&4 CO: canners. $1 50®2 40; bulls,
$264 35; calves-. $3 50*7 12V4.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 4£.000; to-morrow,
30.00(1; stfady to 5c lewer. »Mlxed and butch
er?' 54 8CC5 10: good to choice heavy. $3 05@
5 18; rough heavy. $4 SC®5; light, $4 OOfcl 05;
bulk of t<alep. $4 55®r>.
SHEEP — Receipts, 20.OC0; sheep and lambs,
steady. Gwd to choice wethers. ?4 20«4 65;
fair to choice mixed. $'t K5<a4 2<i: Western
sheep. ?4©5 10; native lambs, $4 50Q0 15;
•\Ye«tern lambs, 54 *>5<g6 15.
Miscellaneous Markets.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 2b.— The bull leaders
swei t the ring off it? feet in the cottcn markn
to-day. With frenzied coverings by ehorta
March was sent above the lti-cent mnrk to
IC 20c. The market opened excited on fav
orinp cables from Liverpool. A fair amount
of general buying orders were eeen, but late
In the morning the bull leadf-rs offered to take
all the May cotton the ring had at 10.33c.
The. purchases amounted to about 5000 bales.
The ring was practically bare cf offerings
after this= and prices quickly rose until March
was-3» points higher than yesterday's clcee
at l«.02c and May was 45 points higher
at 10.53c.
NEW ORLEANS
The opening advances had been into new
high srrounl, Furopeens were buying heavily
here, the local bull leader was openly support
ing the market, whatever he may have been
doing private.'y. and outside demand seemed
bigger than since last Tuesday. At any rate,
with only slight concessions, the market was
worked stocdily upward until shortly after
midday. May reached lG.15c at noon. This
uncovered f-iop-lose orders and the market de
veloped into the wildest excitement so far
noted. In one Jumn July went from 16.25c to
l«.40c. while Ma>i sold up to liS.SOc. The act
ive months at this level were net 40 to 83
points higher for the day and gcored a net ad
vance from the low point of last week of
about 2'4 efflts. Such a gain as this naturally
attracted Jieavy realizing and with demands
1»bs pressing there was a quick reaction of
abcut 20 to 30 points, which, however, was
followed by renewed steadiness as the bulls
apaln came to the support of the market.
Sales were estimated at 1. 500.000 bales.
NEW YORK. Jan. JS. — The cotton market
from the start ruled exceedingly firm and
active on higher cables, light estimated re
ceipts and further reports o? a growing scarci
ty cf spot c-ottcn In the South, accompanied by
the most bullish gossip concerning the specula
tive situation.
Eastern Cotton Market.
Salinas and river Burbank Potatoes con
tinued to meet with a steady local inquiry and
ruled firm under moderate supplies. Trade in
Oregon Burbanks was less active, the high
prices having checked the demand somewhat.
Most jobbers were holding off awaiting the
arrival of the steamer G. W. -Elder, which U
due to-morrow with about OOOo sacks. One
small lot. of exceptionally fine stock was sold
at $1 45 per cental, but the general run cf
supplies sold within the quoted range. There
were no fresh Sweets received and carried
over stock was firm at the previously quote!
rate. Fine yellow Onions ruled firm at the
recent advance. The stock brought from, Ore
gon by the last steamer was of poor quality
and no sales were reported.
There were* liberal arrivals of Peat from Lo*
Angeles, but receipts of all other descriptions
from that region were very light and prices of
choice stock were maintained. A large por
tion of the receipts of String" Beans were
fro*t-bltten and otherwise of poor quality and
coull not be sold at any figure. Oood stock
only la quoted. . Twenty-eight boxes of Rhu-,
barb cam* in from acro3s the bay and prices
were shaded. Mushrooms continued firm, with
supplies limited.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 80c®
$1 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 K15 1 60 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $t 20#l 40 per ctl:
River Reds, ftO&twe per ctl: Garnet Chiles. »0o
fc$l per Ctl: Early Rose. 90c©$l per ctl;
Sweet Potatoes, $2 per ctl.
ONIONS— Yellow. Jl 4031 60 per ctl; Green
Onions 5C£"5c per box.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3©6c per lb:
String. Beans, 15©17J4c per lb: Wax. ;
Tomatots from Los Ar.geles. SScgSl 25 per box
or crate; Rhubarb. 7©9e per lb; Summer
Squash frcm Los Angeles. 75c®$l 25 per box;
Cabbage. $1 V«r ctl; Carrots. 50c per *ack:
Hothouse Cucumber*, "5c<g$l per dozen for
small and $1 50§2 for large; Garlic. 5
fiOc per lb; Egg Plant, 12^@20c per
lb- Dried Peppers. .V9$e per !b for Stock
ton and 10iffl2>/4c for southern: Dried Okra,
12HC per lb; Green Peppers. 0?210c per lb:
Mushrooms. S5«.">0c per lb: Marrowtat and
Hubbard Squash. $10@15 per ton for round
lots and J ,i@?4e per >b for sacked.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
CHICAGO Jan. 2S.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries. 15#22c; dairy. 13@19c. Eggs, 2S#
31c. Cheese, etea^iy, lO'.fjC.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Hops continue very firm, but prices show no
further advance. Buyers are willing to take
both 1003 and 1304 goods at the quotations,
and stocks ore steadily being reduced.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about Vs@lc under Quotation*. Heavy Salted
Steer*. Oc: medium. 8c: ''~ht. 7 J ic: Cow Hides.
7Uc for heavy and 7Uc for light: Stags. 5c:
Salted Kip. f>c: Salted Veal, :0c: Salted Calf.
10«4c: dry Hide?. 13®16c: dry Kip. 13c: dry
Calf IS'-; Shfert-kins. shearl!nsr». 2r.a30c each:
short Wool. 40>gcr»c each: m»dium. 70©«Oc: Ion*
Wool $14il 50: Horse Hides, salt. $2 73 for
large* and $232 .*>0 for medium. $1 2.1101 75 for
small and 50c for Colt?. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for Urge and $1 .V) for medium. $1®1 25
for i>mall and 50c for Colt*. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican 31c- dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. Stc. Goat Pklns — Prime An-
Kora*. 7Kc: large and smooth. 50c: medium. 35c;
atnall. 20c.
TALI/3 W — No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb: No.
2 SUr: grease, 2V»(?»r:c.
'WOOL — Fall clip — San .Toaquln Lambs'. Oft
lie: Middle County. Il£i2e- Northern De
fective. O«T1(V: Nevada. 1"ffJ15r; Oregon fine.
ljWIO''- O->«-nn medtur". 17c p»r !b.
j-Qpc — 234?3QC r*r lb for California. 100G.
and 17g2Cc fcr crop of lf»04.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Brown Mustard and Alfalfa Seed are quoted
higher • and firm. There are some Blackeye
Peas offering at the quotation?.
Red Kidney Beans are quoted higher. Other
descriptions are unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos. :?:> 35tpi 45; Pea, $3 25: But
ters 53- small White. $2 0563 05; large Whit*,
$2 35&S 00- Pink. $2 S0SJ2 !»«• : Red. $4 25W4 M>:
Lima $3 15^3 25: Red Kidneys. ?4 25@4 50;
Blackc-ye, $2 1&Q2 25 per* ctl. ; Horse Beans,
?2S2 CO.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 50; Yellow llus
turd. f'2 05®2 SO; Flax. St SO©1 00: Canary.
5(S5W>j for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14*}14»4c: Rape.
l'i@2c: Timothy, (il/ft'^e; Hemp. :{V4*?3%c per
lb; Millet. 3®3%c-. Broom Corn Seed. S20S23
per ten.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25®2 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.'
l.-t» rr.ii! >Cvices from !.'nv York say:
"Kxistius weather Infij.-iitioss »es to have I
a dcprrsKiiiK iniluruee at on trade and the vol- |
vrr.e of hn«ln< ¦« !n this d.^artiij^nt was hardly j
t? la th- average of previous days of the ;
»reefc. The h'-avy tnowstona up hse !
Isterfeted with traffic End enters from thai
Quarter a;> naturaXly frw. Ttie dcmaiid 'or 1
<Ir;M fruiis i:^ pcnt^ral oor.tinues 0:1 the hand- j
tc-!..,H:th bar;.-. Tinre are rcid to be a rum-
Wr of :srs^ buyers in th<» Tnarket for cheap
rxuti*' 1 . but '.r^ir riews on- values are ah-r-ut
Y?\l a cer.t below the Inside figures at nhich
desirabl4 Muck is procurable. Tl:e pressure to
<HsK>te c? njasisnSMCUi corjtinuc-p. but is said
to tf r.oi s>o ?trong a.s to actual'.y break the
BiAfkot on go<vi poeds to a point at which
thept> Fprcula^ive buyttM af r r «*pai"*J to take
held. The siock offennsr on a 2%c. or ix>6
6il!y lower basis, is raid to b<? unsuitable for
domestic trade en th*> scr^re of count. There
1s n vcrj- strong rnarte; for Apricot*, both
hfre and on thp coast, but «t tbt momer.t the
A'r.:a.rA for spot Roods is not urgent. Peaches
n:. mortez out fsdr!y on Fmall orders «t full
qvoted pricpf. There «as a rathe-r better un-
Certpae io the raisin market yesterday, al
• shr.agh r.o iinportant tpct bu»inea» nor f. "o. b.
»iles were re«>orte<5. *
Exports of Lumber.
The exports of Lwcber from San tYancifco
by sc* in December. Ift<i3, were as follows:
Tt — Peet. Values.
Australia XSSXS5S Jll^.'.tvO ,
HawalUa U!and$ 12<>,4:5S 2.C.I7
Tahiti 3O4.7S» :'.M<4 •
M^vjco : 433.243 y,«>"*>'2 j
rcr.tr.] America 2.239 76:
Panama • l'''.'J7-' 5*0
Kc-uador *.</*> 55 :
S'«w He alsnri T>.<XHt 27<»
FknaSac lttami is.ixvi 71^
Hanircr, Is-Ian<l«= <..<»V> lerj J
f«ro'in<? Ielar.is S ;>so 1S7
Wasbinctoa Island ::.50<) 80'
Tctalf 4,712.719 $1U7.U4
\tv.r.n*gi—
'irfat Britain 177.€$9 2.7<X)
AuetralUi 13.C00 2^w
Ur^nd totalF 4.O<:5.»CS JliO.<:41
. In I^tc^raber, lf rf ". ih* shij.mentf!. inc'iudlns;
«:ur;itase. were 2.<r.<»,4."l teet. valued at IG5.2^T».
In that* morith th*»re wer* 3S4.OD0 feet, valued
¦1 *:^73. fhiiii>ed rs dunnage on the grain
tieti.
Tht" wonlhly i-hipmfnts during the year enfl-
EaC I H-ceSfiber 31. 1SM3, including dunnaee. were
s , v:iov,: &&to®*
Mcnthfi— K*«. Values.
. • Janakrr ......: 3.aW.5Cl ; tC2.752
Ftbr^ity 83X332 1S.47O
*21arch >-2s..-{2<5 S2.62S]
IkprS ..! , 5.107.401 «1.2h2
Hty,.. *»02.«l«J'-. 23.K'S 1
June* 1.059.534 ; 29.W6
July 2.S'J2.S1S S9.597
/.trust 4.114..«.2 1S«5.7«S
September 2.1W.<T«; W».5Cj
October U.lti7.40S . 101.H0S
.¦Sioxmntoer «O«.5« I5.»r:ft
be^pjser «.»05.408 140.044
*X»tais 26,571,575 (7C0.732
*r.he fxrx'rt? in 19C2. emitting the Hawaiian
*ii!:-.r> ar,.J infludir.g th" dunnage en the grain
flf^r. were 2ft.<<AI17 ff-et. valut-4 at ItSb.OOO.
The e-ports to tt.e Hawaiian lEUnfls were r.ot
r»*.-«r<!.-'3 1 ricr to June 1. lifcrj. The shipments
to ;!:•» tame :rcn Jur.f 1 to December SI were
(¦!2"lh Meri'iien— Pacific Time.)
' .- 'AN FRANCISCO. Jan i'S — 5 p. m.
Tj* follovtnc e.r»- th» watcnel rain'alle to
f'.tLir . tr rrTi-.parcd Tilth th<->*^ of eame date Ian
t«5f-n. and rainfall in last twtnty-four hours:
L**t Thi* LaFt
Stations — »t hours, ftason. season.
Eureka O.«0 23.32 .T(.«2
i>a man o.oi» is. «o ic.u
'Sacramento ''."O r..«i ft. 2::
j«n niBcifco <>.'*> 7.10 *>.0~
Frcsrj'* (>.(*> 1.4S 4.7S;
jn5ci.'< i rn3' v nc»> O.or» <>.42 1.54;
Eta Loi« OUipo O.«*t I.»9 8.35 1
Ix««Arxcle« B.flO i>.r.7 t:.fc4
'.f»n Diffo O.OO 0.45 «.4S
'. ' "THE COAST P.nCOKD.
• « — S . O IS *?
;/ i s| 1 1 :? fl I.
. . ETAnoN. % i} i z l~ ; I
W*»Uon ni.ee r.Ti 45 NW tiouflj- .Oft j
lUikex ...3?>.m :s lft XW CIcndy .00
'••>on ....t:>.W 44 14 E «.le*r .00
'-::•:» :.0.;:0 r« S^ W . Clear .<)0
i-.lrt Rejm... 30.22 .'0 47 NW Cloudy .00
r«mo 30.2C C4 3« t^E Clear .00
y :^u.tf 3O.a :2 12 E . cietr . .00
Tocatflio S0.&8 2H k I: n.CWy .(/}
ill Ta:n»!pjiiB.3O.25» V\ 43 XE Pt.Cldy .0«J
\r>-\-x*T.-i»ncc .30.32 &4 5C FK «ear .00
Lew Ampler:. ..S0.2f» 7ft 4« s\V <1ear .00
:«-Tth liet4...^.M Vl a« X t'lefcr .<O
FhoejjJ; -0.22" «O 5« NB Clear .i*l
PorlUnd 30.46 r.2 M NW Oear .00
;;<»d Kluff :;o.^o C4 44 N Clear .(«
r&t*tottrt SO.es 3C S2 N Cloudy .oO
Sacrnmenio ...T«t.2S r,S ::u N Clear .00
BSU t*ke 3»».M 2H 12 gw Cloudy .<»
aia-Fniu!i«ea.80.S0'-<s 4« n dear .co
San U. OWEpo.nO.26 42 Clear .•>!
t -1 n!et*> •>?•!* f* 40 N"W «:ie»r .U,
KcatUs r!0.C2 42 zr, xw Cloudy .00
irXtume, "0.r.4 :* *fi K%V Cloudy .no
Tatoosh ¦" S0.M *2 40 .VK Pt.Cldy .00
V.nlla Wa'-Ia. .30.85 42. :'/) KK Clear .00
VMnnexsucca .::».Z2 is 12 ne Clear .00
Turaf ,.. .30.21 6t 40 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Tfa«> Ust bt-en but :;Ulo char.gi In pressure
."urtcj the past twenty-four hours ever the
frerJfTB half if the country.
,\"o rain hs^ fallen wcrt of the Rocky lloun
la CaUfomU thcr^ has been a slishl fail in
. iapcrs.tur<*. but the weather is etill wurni.
EC frnrn fix degrees to ten deyrecs above
.-v»norB»i. ' ILT ' ,
:; S h northerly wind* are blowing at Phoenix
' ' ,"i;nsa. .-'*'Vr: . i»r>
rorecart made at Fan Francis<-o for thirty
'nilne midnicnt. January 23 '.
v Nortti»rn Callfcrn:a— Fair Friday, with ln
• rraf.ng ctoodtnese; Hjrht nortbeaFt wind.
t^uthem Oaliforr.ia—Fair Friday, with Sn
. r'-'.sinp clowiMi^ff : brirk ncrth wind.
:;->v8cj- Fair Friday.
Saii rrancisc& and vicinity — Fair Friday,
tf^h :ncrea*lnc cloudiness; frerh j noriheast
• •id*. A. «. MtADlE. ]>istrict ForccaEter.
DHcd Fruits in -Yrrc York:
desifcted lo-day and allowed prices to slip back,
without ary ajjpartr.t mcasarts to resist. Dur
ing the morning n. big order was executed in
Atch'fon. which lifted thit stock a large irac- j
ticn ever lasi night, and which was attrib
uted to the crganized bull party for the pur
r»cse Cfi tuprxu-ting the market. It »»s ac
conipMitJ, however, by the rumor that Atchi-
K.a was coo:f to be l;sted on the Berlin 3oerse.
and the fact '.hat Atciilstn has a block of $10,-
WX'.C'Oo bonds for sale was supposed to furnish j
a n-ictive for simulating the market for the
ttock. The mnrki-t wai ineffective In checking
the dvt-linln* tendency cif.e«"hore. The rally l:i
the last hoar was palpably due to covering
of fhons contracts by rt*om j rciesaictialb, ana
pcinteU to an inference that the day's sell
ir.s had Letn en the bhort gide. The bears,
however, fuund it *o «-asy to secure slocks
that they desisted from their baying and prices 1
sagged again to the end of the day. The clos- |
ing was weak ar.d dull. The highly profes- '
flor.ai character or the market makes it flt
tir.g that it thoirij I* treated :rom the stand
point of lechr.ieal c&uses. So far as actual |
conditiuna bearing on values were concerned, |
the meet ir.r.jential was the frankly outspoken j
tone cf pessimism in which a leading trade re
vifwV wrote ol the outlook for ii - on and steel.
•¦The? tonnage is not there." says the Iron
Age. •and the industry must /imply adjust
itself to the j'revaillrg conditions."
fniled States riteel preferred was not il
lo?ically the weakest and most active stock
unier these circumstance*. A batch of very
unfavorable railroad earnings for December
furr.ished another reactionary factor.
Possibility of further restriction of money
6Uppli<s !*: coming up for discussion again,
owing to the decline in the inflow of currency
to Now York. February 1 requirement* 10 be
considered Include the- payment of a $3,000,000
Ofr.tral Pacific Rote to the Government, de
posit of $.'5,000,000 to retire the month's quota
of bar.k r.oter lor whirh application has boen
made and the increase in trust company re
serves to comply with th« Clearing-house re
quirement for 7% per cent of deposits in place
of 5 per cc-nt. The reflection implied by the
act'.cn of the Stock Exchange authorities in
Ftrikin* firm the list the securities of an In
dustrial <*orr<jration on the ground of mis
rcrrw-: ntation cf financial condition was a
somewhat drprefsir.g factor. The severe
wfath-r ir. the winter wheat belt was a pos
eibie factor at well. As a result, prices were
1 to 2 points lower when trading left off than
they were la*t. night.
Bonds wore h*avy under the leadership of
United States Stcei second 5s. Chicago Ter
minal 4s e'.umped 3% points. Total sales,
$3.73<>.000.
United States 2s declined M on call.
. NCW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchiron R.600 70N, C0^ fi»U
Atchiscn pfd l.«00 H2M, 91% 91
Baltimore & O ... 41.600 S5»i S3"i S4U
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 02 »2 91%
Canadian Pacific .. 2.300 119 l » 11SH 11S»»
Central r.f N J 100
Ches & Ohio 5.2W 30 34% 34*4
Chicago & Alton . 1.300 3SVi 37S« 37
Chicago & A pfd . . 2.100 MU W S3*i
Chicago & <J W .. 1.K0O 17^ 1«5% !«'*
Chi & O W B pfd. 100 29% 29% 29%
<-hicago & X W. 16*
Chicago T &. T .. 7OO 11<& 11% 11
<7hi?apo T & T pM COO 24 23Vi 22-i
C. C C & St Louis 100 79 79 77%
Colo Southern 1.000 WJ4 18% 19>i
Colo ?-) lft ?fd .. 200 T>8 58 57%
Colo So 2d r'd •- **> 27% 27 26%
Dtiawar" & Hud .. 2C0 1C9 16S 165
Del. Lack & West. :tO<> 273 272% 272%
Denver & Rio O .. 5ftO 22% 22 21*<i
Den & Rio G pf<l. 100 T2% 72% 72%
Erie S.ROO 2S% 27%, 27*4
Erie 1st rfd ».200 «9% GS% 68%
Erie 2d pfd 2.C00 4S% 4S 47%
Great Northern pfd 170
Hocking Valley 76%
Hocking Val pfd S4^
Illinoif Central .. 4.300 134«4 133% 133V«
Iowa Central 20%
Iov.-a Central pfd. 39
Kansas City So 19U
Kami City So pfd. 1"O .17% 37% 36%
Louisville & Na*h.. 2.400 107** 107 1C6»«
Manhattan L 1,30© Ui\ 144% 144U
Meticpol!tan St Ry 1,500 122 121 >4 121V t
Minnrap & - c Louis CO
Iflnoari racifl" .. lC.soo or. 9i »4
M". Kans &. T . . 500 18 17% 17%
Ho. K & T pfd.... 100 40* 40 40
Nat'nr.l or M»x pfd 38%
N Y Centra! 300 120»i 120 119" s
Norfolk ft \\>«»rn C.4O0 C2 s i 61%" 61%
Norfolk & w rfd SS
Nuthrrn ?«-cv:ritics 93%
Tir.tario £ Western. 12.300 24% 23*, 23i 4
Pennsylvania 3S,lCiO 122 121 120?4
Pittrt.r. CC & St L 64
rU-aoir.K 11.500 47% 4« 40
Rrading l«t pfd SO
Resdir.j: 2d pfd GO%
Rrck Inland Co ... 19.40O 25»i 24% 24%
Ilrr-k IhI Co pfd. 4.300 66 C4U «4%
Pt L & S F 1st pfd 66
St I. ft S F III i>fd 20f> 47*4 47% 47%
St Louie S W 6<O 15% 11% 14*4
St I^ouis S W pfd. !«<K) 3.'» 34>>4 34 : >4
Ft Paul 13..V»0 146'4 144% 144%
ft Pau! pfd 175
Fonthrrn Pariflc .. 2C.2O0 Rl % 50'.4 r>0«;
Sc-jihfrn Railway.. r>0 23 22',» 22^
Rruthern 111 pH .. 1.6f>0 f>4T^ M>/» KT%
Ttxas &¦ Paciflr.. (?,:;00 27% 2G% 2fi"V
Tol. £t L &¦ West 2H%
To!.?t Li- W pfd.. 1<V) :;ai,4 3«i»4 3s'
Union Paclfl? 29,«"xX» 62 fO% <»0%
T'nlon Pacific pfd. 200 91 !KiV» 00%
V/ahai-h 1.100 20*; 20% 20"*,
Wabash pfd S.4OO <2)% 0>:»'i «0%
•«Vh<vo] &- U Erie.. S.ftOO 1S% 1S% 1H
Wiscor.rin Oentrnl. 100 21 1; 21 VI 21
Wisconsin Ccn r>f". 1.400 47*4 47 47
Express Ccr&panses — .
MlrceJlaDeou? —
Ar.-.alXMm Ccpr-cr. . 4(VW> 50% 4VA 48?4
Atrrr r ar & round -J.SCO . 20% 20 20
Am Ccr & F r-fd.. SCO 71 7a% 70 .
Akit Llsscf i Oil 10
Amer Lin <_<:i pM . . .'. 27" ¦¦
Amer Ix>"o;notlTe.. lS.-'OO 22% 21^ • 21 '/4
Amer Loo pfd.... 0<» «i% 79T£ 791^
Am f-rrtlt L Rrf.. 3.U0i> 51%'. M% S0-\
Am S i Ref pfd.. 1.9O0 04% M% ft.!^
Ampr FuK*r P.ef... 22.S00 120»i 127^» 127%
Anaroncia Min Co 73
Brkiyn Rap Trana. !».r*«O 4354 4S*i 4S»4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2,BfK> 34 ;tl V* 31 V»
Co!um & Hock Coal 2.500 1«H 15 ir.%
ron'olHaW Gas.. 4.200 195% 193&, 19»
General Hlectric... 900 J75V« 172 172
International Paper 100 13% 13'i i:{
Irrterntl Tcpcr pfd. 200 CG% C0% C«%
International Pump 33V4
Ir.trrntl Pump pfd 72
N.-.tiona^ ntrcuit... 100 S9% 39T4 r,fi'i
Notional Lead K*> 15-74 J5 r ;4 15=4
North Ahierican... 100 S7 87 S6%
Par'.nc SJail 700 29»4 2N% 2SV-
Peoples Gas 3,100 1O2V4 101% 101 s^
Pr*f?cd Ste^l Car.. 1,300 3."5 31 31
Pre.ised S Car pfd. 34)0 72% 71% 71%
Pullmnn P»lare Car 217%
Republic Sleel l.?Cft R% 7*; 7%
Republif Strel pfd. 600 41 45 45'!
Rubber Goods 700 22'.i 21 21 '
Rubber Goods pfd.. 100 79 79- 7SU
T<rn Coal & Iron.. 3.C0O 40% 3$*i 3s£
U F Leather 1.400 7% 7Vi 7*4
17 B Leather pM... l.roo 79% 79* 7»
V S'Rubher 7D0 14% 12% 13^
i; S'Rubl.er jifd... *00 5394 5-'5% 53'A
i; f5 Steel I4.R00 11% n n
i; S Stcrl pfd 82,900 57% S<i% M%
Western Union 500 SSf{ S8% 88
Total tales C72.700 shares.
UNITED RA1IJIOADS OF 6AN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Jan. 28. — Bond transactions cf
UnltM Railroads of San Francisco: IB 000 at
$79 75. 2V;00 at J79 37%, 3000 at $79 75- 10 -
COO at $79C2%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common— Bid. S4 25: aeked. $1 37'A Tre
f erred— Bid. $35 75: »Kked, $30 CO.
NEW YOPK BONDS.
U S rcf 2s reg..lC5 Hocking Val 4%s.lC5
. Do coupen 105 L & N unified 4s. 98%
Do 3s reg IOC Man con gold 4a.10.1U
Do coupon 105% ilex Cent 4s fiO
l>o new 4s reg.132% .Do 1st 1nc IS
Do coupon 133V4 Minn & Et L 4s.. 97
Do old 4s reg. 1O7«,4 M. K & Tex 4s.. 98
Do coupon 107% Do 2ds SO'-i
Do 6s T*g 10H4 NR of Mex con4s. 76%
Do coupon 101 U NYC sen 3>£s.. 081*
Oilcake- Meal, which has been advancing
every few days for a fortnight, has again
gone up. Bran and Middlings are also quoted
higher and firm. There Xs nothing new in Hay,
which rules steady at previous prices. .
BRAN— $21©22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 50(329 per ton.
SHORTS — $21622 per ton.
' FEEUSTUKFS— Rolled Barley. S24fi25
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 00(^31;
Jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake. $21® 22; Ccrn
M?al ?2S 50S2S) &0; Cracked Corn. £&02U;
Mixed Feed, $22023: Horse Beans. $30@40 por
ton.
HAY — Wh^at. $14@17 50: Wheat and Oat.
$14®16 50; Oat. $14«16: Wild Oat. S13ril5:
Barley, ?12^14 50; -Stock nominal — none here;
Alfalfa, *12B1". 50 per ten.
STltAW— 5C^75c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s:
There ii nothing new in the local 'situation.
Of the Chicago market Bolton. de Ruyter &
Co.'s wire's eay: "Hos receipts at primary
markets 91,000, against 64,000 last >ear. Con
sidering the csitreme trol<i weather which pre
vai's everywhere, these are large receipts.
There is every Indication that they will con
tinue large. The outside buyer Is still the
support of prices, althcugh the last day or two
ihe buying frc:n this source has not been so
"large. We still advise taking profits on Ion*
Provifcions." .._ :
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. 11 %c for light medium, 13%c for light.
J4o for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sufcar-cured Hams. 13%c; California
Hams I2V.S1.To: M*«s Beef. $11 50 per bbl:
extra "Mess". 512®12 50; Family. $13: prim*
Mess Pork, $10: extra clear, $24; Mess. $13;
Dry Salted Perk ll%c: Pig Pork. $2S; Pigs'
Feet J5 "5: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at "c per lb for
compound and OUe- for pur?: half-barrels, pure.
9%c; 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb Una,
10 1 '! C.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8 T $c: three
half barrels. S*ic; one tierce. SHc; two tierces.
8%c; five tierces. S*6c cer lb.
Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 28.— Cash quotations were
as fellows: Flour, quiet and steady; No. 3
wheat. 83(3 S7c: No. 2 red. 8Se-92^;c; No. 2
ccrn. -J'l'ic; Xo. 2 yellow. 43c: No. 2 oats. 3S*4
<3."i!Hic; No :: white, :>9%3-12%c: No. 2 rye,
• r >C'ic; j?ood fee«i!r!P barley, 3S@30c; fair to
choice malting. 3o@57c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 10;
No. 1 Northwestern. $1 17%; prime .timothy
pef-d S3 23: mess pork, per barrel, $13 25$
13 27'/-'- lard, per 100 lbs, $7 22%®7 25; short
ribs' ii'des (loose). *li 37%«?« 40; .short clear
siUi»a (boxert), 4«J S" 1 -®?:-. whisky, basis' of high
wines. $1 27; clover, contract grade. $11 25.
\rticles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 19,700 25,200
Wheat, bushels 27.000 31,700
Corn, bushels 195,200 1CS.70O
Oats bushels 209.X0O 91.000
Rye. bushels B.2OO 8.000
Barley, bushels 5B.100 ll.oOO
Cash Grain and Provisions.
The market continues quiet all around, with
all products firm. ,
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 CO®
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50(B4 «0:
Oregon and Washington. $3 9C#4 20 per bbl for
Family and $:! 00«?4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSXUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: 'Graham Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $-i 25; llyo Meal. $3; Kice Flour.
57: Corn Meal. &t 25: extra cream «o. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25: Buckwheat
Flour. S4 5Og4 75; Cracked "Vhrat. $3 75; Fa
• rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $U 50;. Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25©8 CO; in sacks. $6 75@S 10;
PearlEarley. $G; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 SO per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
II all-street stocks loiter on the day. Cotton higher. - -
Stiver declined again. Excnange rates as before.
• Merc gold \en covnnq tn front Japan.
Local s:ccks ana bonds still inactive. . -
(xraw {markets quiet and generally featureless:
Flour and Millsiuffs in moderate demand but firm.
• Bran, Middlings and Oilcake Meal higher.
Hay in sufficient receipt and steady.
Slight variations in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions firm and southern Vegetables steady.
Poultry and Game how plentiful and zvcak.
Milder weather slightly improves the Fruit market.
Sotr.c demand for cheap Prurcs in New York.
Less buying of Provisions at Chicago.
Hops slill firm, Tvith steadily diminishing stocks.
Discouraging weather reports from the southern counties.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Atch gen 4s 100' IN j c gen 5s 131
Do adj 4s..:.. 69V»|Nor Pac 43 103ii
Atlantic C L 4s. »4 } Do 3s 73
Bal & Ohio 4s.. 101% (Nor &. W con 4s. 97%
Do 3%s 05 OSL 4s & partic. 00
Central of Ga Os.lOti^ Pa conv 3%s.w.. 9C% :
Do 1st lnc 70 Reading pen 4».. 9t>% '¦
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lOC=i SL&IM con 53.112%
Chi & Alton 3 Vis- 7G% S L & S F fg 4s. S3%
C. B & Q new 4s. {W% St Louis SW lsts: 03*,
CM & StPgn 4S.1C8 .Seaboard A L 4s. CS%
C & XW con 78.131'..; s Pacific 4s..;... S9%
C. R 1 & Pac 4s.. 71%|So Railway 5s.... 113%
Do col 5s 61?4|Tex & Pac lfits.,110%
C.C.C &'SL cnl3 97'ilT. St L & W 4s. 72%
Chi Term 4s 78%iUnlon Pac 4s 103*»
Cons Tobacco 4s. CO ! Do conv 4s.... 97%
Cclo & So 4.S.. .. 89«.i U S Steel 2d 5s.. 73^.
C F & I conv 5s. 73% Wabash lsts ....11(5
Den & Rio G 4s.. DS Do deb B G6%
Erie prior lien 4s. OS^-W & L Erie 4s.. 9")
Do gen 4s 86%iWls Cent 4s SOri
F W & D C lsts. 101 |
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 - kittle Chief 06
Alice :. 27! )ntario 6 00
Breece 10 Ophlr 4 10
Bruns Con 05 1 Phoenix 13
rom Tunnea .... t»;Poto£l 25
Con Cal & Va... 1 70,Savtge 59
Horn Silver 1 05 Pltrr* Nev v 7.1
Iron Silver 1 C5 Small Hopts 2C
Leodvllie Con ... 01* i Standard 1 CO
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westins • Com ... 83
Call loans 3 (57*% Mining —
Time leans.... 4^3 Adventure 3%
Bonds— Allouea 4%
Atchlson is PS^i Amal Copper 4SU-
Mex Cent 4s... „ C9 |Ringham ..: 22'4
Kailroads — ! Calumet & Hecla_i55
Atchison C014' Centennial 15%
Do pfd 91U^Ccpptr Range ... 44
Boston & A!bany.247 JDaly Weft ...... 34%
Boston & aMine.lUS !Dom Coal C2%
Boston Elev ....140 iFranJclin . S=i
N Y. N H & H.U93% lisle Royale 8
Fitchburg pfd 136',i!Mahawk S6
Union Pacific .... 80%ioid Dominion 30
Mex Central . 12ai]Osceo!a CO
Miscellaneous — Parrot 22
Amer Sucar 127% Qulncy * 05
Do pfd 125 ISar.ta Fe Copper. 2
Amer Tel & TpL.1 275; Tamarack 105
Dem Iron & S.. S«4 Trinity 47;
Gen Electric 172 United States:... 20^4
Mass Electric . . 22 United Copper 6
Do pfd 79 I Utah , 32
United Fruit .... 97%lVictoria 3'4
U S Steel Hi jwinona 6%
Do pfd DS',&! Wolverine 70
London closing stocks.
Cons for money. SS |N Y Central 124%
Do for aect 88 Nor & Western.. OtH
Anaconda 3% Do pfd S9
Atohison 72 % Ont & Western.. 24%
Do pfd 04% Pennsylvania C3
Bal & Ohio ST^Rami Mines 0%
Can Pacific 1 22 »i; leading 24%
Ches & Ohio 36Tfc Do lFt \>t& 4 Pi
Chi Great West.. 17%| Do 2d pfd 31%
Chi. Mil & St P.l.M j So Railway 23»i
De Beers 20 i Do pfd S7
Den & nio G 2.*!>4;So Pacific r>2%
Do pfd 75'i Union Pacific S4
Erie 29'ii Do pfd 93
Do 1st pfd 69%IU S Steel 11^
Do 2d pfd 49% Do-V>fd 58?i
111 Central 123 Wabash 22
Louis & Nash...llU; Do pfd 41%
M. K & Tex 18 H
Bar eilver — Uncertain. 25 9-16d per ounce.
Money — 253 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
ehort bills is 2vv§3 per cent and for three
months' bills 3 per cent.
There is sonvs demand for cheap Prunes in
New York, as will be seen in the first column.
FRUIT— Apricots. 7Vi&t>%e icr Koyala and a
©lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4©
5%c; sun-dried, 3^4c: Peaches, 4®C%c; Pears.
U@10c: Nectarines. 4Q5U.C; Figs, white. 434>ic
in boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pitted. 639c per
• PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2%62%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. e. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: CO-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 2-crown.
&Uc per lb: 3-crown, 5*gc; 4-crown. ti%c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4Vic: do, floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4%c; Thompson's Seedless.
5%c. London Layers — 2-crown. $1 25: 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters. $2; 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials. $3: Malaga Loose. 2
crown. 5c per lb; do 3-crown. 5Nc; .Valencia
Cured. 4%c; Pacific, do. S%c; Oriental, do.
2%c Seeded Raisins — l«-os packages, fancy,
Sc per lb: choice. 7%c; 12-cz packages, fancy,
6*ic; choice, fi%c; In bulk, fancy. 7ftc; choice.
7*4c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13ti814c;
No. 2. 11HTi12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13®13Hc;
No. 2, llfrllV-c: Alrronds. lie for No^areils.
lOlic for I X L. 10 Me for Ne Plus Ultra and
STic for Languedcc: Peanuts. «@7iWor Eastern.
Pecans. ll®13c: Cocoanuts. $4 o0®5; Ciiest
nuts. 5<27o r«r lb.
HONEY— Comb. 10@ll%c for white and S%9
9V-C for amber; water White extracted, 5©
0'4c: light amber extracted. 4%6»?*c; dark.
3^«S4c.
BEESWAX— 27«29c per lb.
Dried Fruits^Nuts, Raisins, Honey
and unchanged. Both buyers and sellers are
indifferent and the market 1 was never more
listless. ¦ . ¦¦ • . ; '¦»•'-» ;
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1.1O@1 12V-: Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 15<U 17 1»; Chevalier. $1 17>&@1 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
May .. $1 08% $1 OS V, $1 OS $1 OS
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ?1 C3 ?1 0S% $1 CS $108%
OATS— Continue firmly held at- unchanged
quotations, with ample offerings and a mod
crate demand.
White, $1 20@l 30; Black. $1 25®1 55; Red.
$1 2001 32H for feed and $1 «5®1 35 for eeed;
Grays. $1 32% per ctl.'
CORN— Local millers and brokers continue
to quote a firm market, though there is not
much going on. Most of the receipts are still
from the West.
Western sacked $1 27%®1 SO for Yellow.
$1 27%@1 30 for White and ?1 25 for
Mixed; California large Yellow. ?1 35; small
round do $1 4O4J1 50; White. $1 35 per ctl;
Egyptian." $1 40@l 55 for white and $1 25 for
brown.
RYE— $1 25#1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
threat May quickly advanced to SOSic. There:
was renewed selling by .locals on the upturn,
and with- a lot up in the demand the price
gradually declined to S9c. The sentiment
improved later in the day on . the strength of
the cash article at Minneapolis and on con
firmation of rain in. Argentina. A prominent,
commission house had a private dispatch from '
London which stated that the war cloud was
again assuming alarming proportions. A de
cline in the price of New York stocks caused
60me traders to give credence to this report,
and buying orders were more in evidence dur
ing the past part of the sereion. From 89c May
slowly moved upward until it had reached
90 Vic. Realizing sales late In the day caused
a decline cf Vic but the close was firm at
SOv»c. a gain of Vi£t-%c over yesterday's final
figures. The speculative demand for the July
option showed some increase. After ranging
between 61J46S2itc that month closed VjS%c
higher at *2%c. Fears of damage to the
growing' crop' by the I extreme cold -weather
was. a. factor in influencing prices of that de
livery.
' The corn market was influenced ' mainly by
the action of wheat. . The close in specula
tive trading was firm, with May at 49%c.
The opening was a shade lower to a shade
higher at 49tic to •*9%c, and prices ranged be
tween 40%c and 49*4c. , Local receipts were
184 cars, cno of contract grade.
Oats followed other grains, fluctuating with
in a narrow range and closing about un
changed from yesterday. May opened un
changed to >*c lower at 12c to 42V»c, sold be
tween 41?;@41?&c and 42Vic. Closing at 42&c.
Liquidation of lard by the leading bull in
terest was In force in the provision pit early
In the day and the whole list weakened In
consequence. Later, however, the market re
eovrrerl most of the loss on a scattered com
mission houre demand, brought out to a con
siderable extent by the firmness In grain
price*. The clcsc was steady, with May
perk unchanged at $13 T?2Vi. May lard was
down 5c at $7 42 J ,i. nibs v.-era off 2"4c at
$<J 7f(?e 72^4- -
¦ The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
• Wheat Ne. 2—
~M*y 89£ 9<H4 8!» {O'i
July 82 S2V,- 81 hi K2%
September ..... 77«4 77% 77. 77%
Corn Xo. 2-r 1 . •-.'.-
January ....... 4<m 4ti?4 4«H 46%
May ..-,........' 49% 497i. 40>£ 49T4
•July I.. 'i 47*s 4S' /9 47%' 48^
Orls No, 2 —
September 32}* 32!i 32% 32"*
January .... 38%
UMay ... .... 42V; 42% 41ft -J2U
i July: ...'..: 37%-. t57% :}7Vi 37»/j
! ' Mess Pork, per bbl —
January is 20
: M«y iS i'iVi X3 37Yj 13 27*i 13 U-M4
! ' Lard, per 100 lj>s —
January .' ; -7 25
May ....... 7 37»i" 1 45. 7 37Vi 7 42#
July.'... 7 40 7 45 7 40 7 45
Shcrt Ribs, per 100 Ib3 — ..
January ....... « iiVi « 47% G 42% 6 43
May 6 70 0 75 6 70 0 72%
•July .... ti SO 6 85 6 SO 6 82 la
PEARS— Winter Nellls from cold storage.
$1 75®2 rer box. -
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. Jl 50-32
per box for fancy. $1 2M1 75 for choice and
5Cc@51 for standards; Seedlings. 50cS$l:
Tangerines. 50c@$l per box: Lemons. $1 75
62 50 for fancy. $1 25©1 50 for choice and
7. r je@$l for standard: Grape Frtiit. $1@2: Mex
ican Limes. Si$i 50; -Bananas. HQ2 per
bunch for Hawaiian and $262 50 for Central
American: Pineapples, $1 50©2 50 per dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY -29, 1904.
Continued on Pajje Fourteen.
.The market for. Citrus fruits is commencing
to improve. • owing to the milder weather, but
the demand is still very light and as stocks of
all descriptions are plentiful prices show no
improvement. The large sizes of some well
known brands of extra fancy Navel Oranges
are held at $2 25 per box. but for ordinary
fancy utock $2 Is an extreme figure. Four or
live cars cf Navels will be auctioned to-day.
Trade in Apples was rather quiet yesterday,
but as stocks were not excessive prices v.-ere
steady. Trashy and wormy Apples have disap
peared and there is nothing selling below 50c
per box. "¦ ¦ . .
APPLES— SI 65®1 75 per ,box Mor extra
fancy; $1 25@1 50 for ordinary fancy, S5cfi?l
for choice and 60@75c for common- f
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHICAGO. Jan. 28.— Severe cold wpather
throughout the East and West, with rfiln In
Argentine, strengthened wheat prices to-day.
Again, the price of each wheat in the
Northwest . alrc contributed to the advance.
The dose was firm. May being up;V4©%e;
May corn closed Vi©*j»c higher, but oats were
precisely where they ieft off yesterday. Pro
visions were unchanged to 6c lower.
Early news In the wheat pit was of a bear
ish nature. Cables were lower, the price of
consols steady and . crop news generally . was
of an encouraging character. The pit crowd
was inclined to favor the hear side of the
market and cold quite freely at the start. May
opened 'V4® l /ic lower, to a shade higher, at
S9Va to 89*4c, but noon sold off to 83c. The
leading' bull operator then came to the sup
port of the market and on buying by this in-
Future Grain and Provisions.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
£& £?* \£»
Of SO Head of SOUND. HEAVY DRAFT AND
DRIVING HORSES and 20 Head of -
LARGE MARES. Suitable for
Ranch Work, on
MONDAY. Feb. 1. at 11 o'clock. .
At KLUS-ST. STABLE. t>15 KLLIS ST.
The above stock is all In good condition.
Heavy boned and blocky built, weight from
110O to l&iO, from 5 to 0 yeifrs old, thoroughly
broken. This i9 an opportunity seldom of-
fered to purchasers to get this class of horses-
direct from the ranch, where they worked up
to the nigbt of Jan. 28. and if you want such
horses at your own prices don't fail to attend
this sale, ad they must and will be sold to
the highest bidder.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
?». B.— We bold regular sales on the prem-
Isea every Monday at 11 o'clock.All drugglsia st n ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough
Balsam under. a positive guarantee. 25c, &0c. •
Dulverton (Somerset) Guardians have
just stopped the relief pay of a man
who, they have discovered, had with
his family, been enjoying a holiday of
some weeks' duration in Wales.
Your Own Good Taste
Is what makes your room pleasant to
live in. We bave an immense collection
of beautiful pictures, framed in the lat
est styles. Parties furnishing new
houses can find here thousands of artis
tic pictures to choose from and at the
most reasonable prices. Sanborn, Vail
& Co. •
Sir Harry 3IcLcan Is Safe.
TANGIER, Morocco, Jan. 28.—Ad
vices from Fez, dated January 17, say
that General Sir Hart-y McLean,
colonel of the Sultan of Morocco's
bodyguard, v who was reported to
have been captured by rebels, has ar
rived at Fez.- • :
Ball to Be Social Event.
The seventh annual ball of Cathe
dral Council Xo. 59, Y. M. I., will take
place on Friday evening, February 12,
at Xative Sons' Hall. In keeping with
the functions heretofore given
by this council. the ball "this
year promises to be the so
cial event in Y. M. I. circles. The
committee intrusted with perfecting
the necessary arrangements have la
bored assiduously and can assure
their fellow members and friends that
this year's effort will equal if not
eclipse former' successes.
The committee of arrangements com
prise the following: John L. A. Jau
net (chairman), James D. Rountree,
William McCarthy. R; E. Martinez.
Fred E. Farmer. Frank Farren and
Harry Byrnes.
Upholsterer Knds>His L.ife.
. Jonas Kahn, an upholsterer, aged 45
years, committed suicide yesterday af
ternoon by swallowing the contents of
a glass containing carbolic acid. De
ceased resided ¦ at 1907 gutter street
and bad a workshop in the basement,
where he slept. ¦ About 3 o'clock Ja
cob Gunsberger, a brother-in-law of
the unfortunate man, found him lying
on the bed cold in doath. Two bot
tles of the deadly acid were found on
a bureau. Kahn was last seen alive
at 9 o'clock at the breakfast table. De
spondency over illness and lack of
work arc ascribed as the reasons for
the suicide. The body was not re
moved to the Morgue.
Sheepskins Awarded to Seven Stu
dents in Presence of Many
Friends. .
A very large audience assembled in
Steinway Hall last night to attend
the eighth annual commencement
of ; the California College of
Osteopathy. The class of ISO 4
consisted of Nellie A. Allen, Wil
hclmina C. Johnson, Mrs. Mary E.
McWhorter, J. Hamilton Rothberg,
J. Edward Jube, W.- Albert Will! and
Herbert J. Nims. Sheepskins were
presented to them with appropriate
addresses by Dr. B. P. Shepherd, one
of the most prominent men in the
profession, and vice president of the
college, and each graduate was show
ered with floral tributes by their
friends.
The programme opened with an
overture, after which an invocation
was delivered by Rev. G. II. Green
well. The Knickerbocker quartet then
rendered selections, which were fol
lowed by an address by Will C.
Bailey, Ph. D.. M. D. Two vocal se
lections by L. A. Larsen were next on
the programme. In presenting the
diplomas Dr. Shepherd spoke- of the
advancement of the science .within the
past ten year3 and of its wonderful
achievements. After, music, and a
benediction a reception was held in
Elks* Hall, at which tho fortunate
ones received congratulations and
best wishes for success.
EIGHTH COMMENCEMENT
OF OSTEOPATHY SCHOOL
Discuss Gas Fixtures.
The Light Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met last night to consider
the proposed ordinance regulating the
size and style of grv pipes and fixtures.
It was addressed by J. L. E. Firmin,
representing the master plumbers, and
Vanderlynn Stow, representing the gas
fixture men. , Both speakers urged that
the resolution be altered and that the
time of its going into effect be post
poned until the dealers get rid of their
present stocks, j It was also suggested
that an inspector under the direction of
the Board of Public Wr-kF be employed
to see. that fixtures' in public buildings
are in safe condition. The matter will
be further considered at a later date.
Banqueted the Chief.
The courts of Foresters of America' of
this city tendered a banquet last night
to Supreme Chief Ranger J. T. Kelly of
Xew Jersey, in the banquet room of
Golden Gate Hall. E. R. Zion was the
toastmaster, and after the supper there
was the presentation to the su
preme chief of a handsome case
of silver tableware, after which the
toastmaster, who was the presi
dent of the monster initiation con
vention, was presented a crystal
wine set in appreciation of his services.
Chief Wittman was a guest of honor.
The speakers were the supreme chief.
Grand Chief Ran re/ Cabriel. Grand
Trustee Daniel Teare, Franklin K.
Lane. Edward I. Wolfe. John Heenan,
Hugo K. Asher, J. W. S. Saunders. R.
B. Vellage, Fred C. Hensley and Chief
Wittman.
A suit involving the control of the
Mount Jefferson Mines, Consolidated,
was filed with the County Clerk yester
day. It is an action for the appointment
of a receiver to take charge of the mines
pending a trial of*the suit, which is
based on the charge that the directors
of the concern have by fraudulent and
unlawful means appropriated the
funds of the concern to their own use
and have deliberately carried out a
scheme to defraud the stockholders.
The plaintiffs in the action are James
Meighnn, a director of the corporation,
and Thomas Conncll and John J.
Bench, stockholders. The defendants
are C F. Humphrey, J. J. Meyers. C.
H. Hilbert, »B. Goodwin, W. II. Fraser,
H. A; Jlorin, Guy H. Salisbury and A.
L. Wisner, a Xew York banker and
broker.
According to the complaint the
company, which controls one of the
oldest groups of mines in Tuolumne
County, was incorporated under the
laws of the Territory of Arizona in
December, 1902. Meighan. one of the
plaintiffs, was elected a director — he
owns 135,115 shares of stock — and so
were Defendants Humphrey, Meyers,
Hilbert and Goodwin. This board of
directors managed the affairs of the
company until August. 1903, when
Humphrej-, Hilbert, Goodwin and
Meyers resigned and theirv places on
the directorate were taken by Fraser,
Morin, Salisbury and J. P. Water
house. The last named served until
January 8 of this year, when he re
signed, and A. L. Wisner, a New York
banker, was elected in his stead.
These changes, say the plaintiffs,
were part of a well laid scheme to de
fraud the company and its stockhold- 1
ers, though the existence of the al
leged conspiracy did not become evi
dent until recently. Meighan now
claims he is in possession of informa
tion that shows Humphreys, Hilbert,
Goodwin and Meyers entered into a
conspiracy to defraud the concern and
the people who owned its stock, and
caused to be selected in their stead as
directors men who would be as pup
pets in their hands and obey their
every behest to so handle the affairs
of the concern that they and not the
corporation* would reap the benefit.
The complaint resolves itself into a
charge that Humphrey nnd the other
defendants have appropriated to their
own use more than $100,000 belonging to
the corporation. The plaintiffs allege
that of the $175,000 received by the de
fendants from the sale of stock and
bullion taken from the ndnes have
expended only $75,000 honestly, thus
creating a fund of $100,000 which re
mains unaccounted for.
The complainant asks the court to
appoint a receiver to take charge of
the affairs of the corporation pending
the determination of the truth of their
charges; for an accounting of the ac
tions of the defendants since the for
mation of the corporation; for an in
junction restraining the defendants
from carrying out their alleged nefa
rious schemes and for an order remov
ing the alleged dummy directors, Fra
ser. Morin, Salisbury and Wisner.
Humphreys in an interview last
night said: "Knight, McLaren &
Goode. the well-known chartered ac
countants of San Francisco, in their
official report, dated December 31.
1903, after thoroughly auditing the
books, accounts and vouchers of the
company, show that $24,509 62 was
produced and that $12,870 48 was
paid out in dividends on preferred
stock; that $104,501 76 was received
from the* sale of preferred stock and
$8800 was received from the sale of
common stock, and in their report fur
ther state: "We bes to resort that we
Squabble Over Property Is Settled.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 27.— Judge Sea
well yesterday gave Mrs. Rachel
Snyder judgment against Mrs. Clara
Gott for restitution of the Johnson
premises at Sonoma. The plaintiff also
was given judgment for rent due on the
lease and for $100 damages for reten
tion of the premises. The property in
volved is the famous castle at Sonoma
erected years ago by Mrs. Johnson and
considered one of the landmarks of the
county.
Eastern Banker Is 3Ientioned
in Connection "With Alleged
Conspiracy Among' Directors
Receiver Is Asked by Local
Owners of 3Iount Jefferson
Mines Pending 1 Trial of Suit
XEW Y0KK MEN INVOLVED
Servians Honor Patriot.
The twenty-fourth anniversary and
banquet of the Servian-Montenegrin
Literary and Benevolent Society was
given in honor of the great Servian pa
triot, San Sava, at Lodge Hall, 1605
Polk street, last Wednesday evening.
A large audience attended and appreci
ated an interesting programme. San
Sava was born in the twelfth century
and was the youngest son of Stevan
Nemanja who united the Servians in
their first kingdom. He also success
fully placed the church of the Balkans
on a sound foundation.
before January 27, and should travel
southward at the rate of fifty miles an
hour and drop the money off when the
red. light was sighted. The idea of a
light engine going fifty miles an hour
for an unusually long distance, over a
road on which were being operated
numerous trains, and sighting a small
r6d light through possible mist and
rain, appealed to the railroad officials
as one coming from a person not thor
oughly acquainted with railroading.
MEN UNDER SURVEILLANCE.
It was at this stage of the affair,
when the officials of the road were be
ginning to be greatly concerned in their
correspondent, that the Pinkerton rep
resentative suggested the plan of an
swering the anonymous writer througli
the- daily papers of this city, the idea
hi ing to draw out more correspondence
from him and have the postonjees in
and about Fresno carefully watched
with a view to detecting the author.
The plan was successful in so far as
more letters were concerned, for an
other was received from Fresno, where,
however, it was dropped into the mail
box without its sender being detected.
It nevertheless led the detectives to
the conclusion that their man was liv
ing and operating somewhere between
Madera and Tulare and the bands of
sleuths were concentrated in that ter
ritory and were busy on the scent wh;n
the story gained publicity yesterday.
Captain B. F. Kemble, resident super
intendent of the Pinkerton agency,
when seen yesterday afternoon, was
not inclined to enter fully into a dis
cussion of the affair, but he remarked
with an air of satisfaction:
"We are convinced that we have un
der surveillance the man who is guilty
of the letter writing and we are also
trailing four of his chums. Two of them
arc 'dope fiends' and the man suspected
of writing the threatening letters is a
rather 'weak fellow. 1 am convinced
that if one of our men should take the
fellow by the neck and give him a good
booting he would never be seen around
a railroad track again. In other words,
w(- do not think he has the courage to
v::t(.k a train, but simply wrote these
letters, hoping that the railroad offi
cials would readily yield to his demands
and he would get away with a bag of
gold. Certainly if these men had de
cided to carry out their threat they
have probably abandoned it now in
RAISES HIS DEMAND.
land trains dynamited.
It was stated yesterday that this
was the original theory of the Pinker
ton representative when he was first
called into the case and was later
shared by General Manager Krutt
schnitt. The poorly composed mes
sages received from Fresno by the rail
road authorities showed beyond . a
doubt that a man of ignorance wrote
them and that his ignorance extended
to railroad operations, thus conveying
the idea that he was not a railroad
man or one experienced in the crim
inal art of railroad robbery.
The story of the demands made on
the Southern Pacific Company was
given out at the local offices of the
company yesterday, with interesting
details. The first letter received by
the company, more than a month ago,
contained a demand for $10,000. It stip
ulated that the amount in gold should
be. dropped off at night at a point on
the San Joaquin division to be desig
nated by a red light which the writer
place near the track. In order
that the fact that the company had re
ceived his letter and was prepared to
meet hi? demand should be promptly
conveyed to him. the writer insisted
that the trains on the San Joaquin
division should fly white flags on their
engines for six days. Failure to com
ply with these demands, the letter
fetated, would be followed immediately
by a communication to the daily paper*
of San Francisco warning the public
against patronizing the company's
trains, which the writer and his pals
would attempt to blow ud. Little heed
was paid to the letter, for many of a
similar character are received by the
officials of the railroad company, but
when a second, in the same disguised
handwriting, was forwarded to General
Manager Kruttschnitt. his anxiety was
suddenly aroused and the services of
the Pinkertons and the railroad detec
tives were at once called for. The* sec
ond letter raised the original demand
of $10,000 to $15,000, and boldly informed
the company that the writer was in
earnest and would wreck the trains un
less the money was immediately sent
to him.
In this letter the writer demanded
that a light engine, carrying the gold,
should leave Stockton at night, on ur
CHARGE FR AUD
IN MINING DEAL
have examined vouchers No. 1, dated
December .", 1DO1\ to voucher No.
1379 inclusive, dated December 26.
1903, and have found them in order
and accounting for the whole of. the
expenditures ' charged on the debit
side of the balance sheet, leaving 1 a
balance in bank of $13,255 20.' The
new company furnished both Meighan
and his attorney with a copy of the
experts* report and asked them to ex
amine tho books 'and vouchers, which
they declined to do."
The anxiety of General Manager
Krutlschnitt and his assistants of the
Southern Pacific Company over the
threats tc wreck trains unless money
v as put in the hands of the writer of
Ine threats was noticeably diminished
yesterday. Though the blackmailer had
,:ixr* the £7th as the day upon which
his grim work would begin if the money
vas not forthcoming, that day and yes
terday passed without any attempt to
Mow up trains. Wednesday and the
right following were an anxious day
and night for the officials of the com
pany. The failure to comply with the
instructions to have money dropped at
fjmo convenient point along the San
Joaquin division would, it was natur
ally expected, be accepted by the black
mailer as a defiance of his threats, and,
if he possessed the determination sug
jvstcd In his bold letters, fear was en
tertained that he might attempt his
work of destruction. But the day and
llighL passed without incident along the
load and yesterday also went by with
out further word from the mysterious
Flrangcr or physical evidence of any
ill-tempor on his part.
It v..as learned from the railroad of
ficials yesterday that the blackmailer
in th 1 ? second letter he wrote raised his
oVmand from $10,000 to Sir.,000. The first
'letter was written in December.
At the hour of closing of the railroad
«>t!ices yesterday afternoon Manager
Kruttschnitt said he no longer had rea-
F'in to fear trouble from his unknown
southern correspondent and that the
leports received by him during the day
from the Pinkerton and his own de-
Lccilvcs had wholly satisfied him that
the theory originally advanced by the
J'inkcrton representative in this oity
-ihat the author of the threatening let
ters was only running a bluff was the
correct one. Nevertheless, added the
jrenera! manager, every precaution was
being; taken to protect life and property
nnd tho detectives, would not be re
itCVfd from their work until the com
pany had more fully satisfied itself that
the further patrolling of the railroad
lines was unnecessary.
DISCIPLE OP GRATErXE.
While undoubtedly pleased over the
situation. General Manager Krutt
t-thnilt could not conceal his chagrin
«>vcr th<- sudden exposure of the affair,
v. hich. of course, means that the plans
for the arrest of the letter writer have
been destroyed after the company had
employed the best detective talent in
the West and spent considerable mon
**>• to bring abci|t his capture. Thirty
• lays of investigation of the case, it is
n«»w claimed by the railroad officials,
has resulted in th« obtaining of evi-
Asnce which thoroughly satisfies them
liiK. the threatening letters, mailed in
Fresno, were written by some one fa
miliar with that section of the State,
whose plans for blackmailing the
Southern Pacific Company had their
origin in the sensational stories of the
kidnaping of Millionaire Cudahy's son
by tho notorious Pat Crowe and the
subsequent attempt of Gravelle of
Montana to force the Great Northern
JTalJmad to accede to his demand for
$jO,O00 under penalty of having over-
view of the knowledge they have that
the tracks are being patrolled by de
tectives."
THREATENS SANTA FE.
Captain Kemble. however, added
that, notwithstanding the accepted
theory of the detectives and the rail
road officials, they had both agreed
that it is the railroad company's duty
to adopt every precautionary means to
prevent a plan to wreck a train being
undertaken, and for that reason the de
tective force in the Fresno vicinity is
not being diminished or allowed to re
lax its vigilance. There are many, and
not a few of them are railroad officials,
one in particular being Division Super
intendent Burkhalter, . who have not
readily accepted the theory of the de
tectives and are inclined to believe that
there is really^ a plot on foot in Fresno
to force the Southern Pacific Company
to give up a big sum Of money or suf
fer the loss of property, with possible
loss of life. The country in that sec
tion of the State is known to be filled
with desperate criminals, driven west
ward by the severe Eastern winter.
While the men whom the detectives
claim to have under surveillance may be
lacking the" requisite daring to blow up
a train, there are many who think that
probably they are but the tools of a
more dangerous set of criminals, who
are only awaiting a chance to derail,a
train and show the company the folly
of having tried to rifle with them.
A dispatch from Fresno yesterday
stated that letters similar to those sent
to the Southern Pacific Company were
received by the officials of the Santa
Fe road several weeks ago and that
the. matter had since heen under in
vestigation by the detectives of that
corporation, who had been trailing men
as far north as this city. When asked
yesterday regarding this story Assist
ant Traffic Manager W. A. Kisseli said
he had heard nothing of it. At the
Southern Pacific Company's building,
however, the story was common talk,
and it was claimed that the detectives
of that company, while working on the
express car robbery at San Luis Obispo,
had met Santa Fe agents who had con
fided to thorn the facts, and the South
erji Pacific detectives had reported the
matter to their superiors in this city.
A report received here yesterday to
the effect that a farmer's boy had
found dynamite near the Calwa win
ery, which is located a short distance
from the scene of the recent Velta
wreck, was pronounced last night by
Captain Kemble of the Pinkerton
agency to be untrue. The day after
the Volta wreck a boy found what he
supposed to be a stick of dynamite near
that place and carried it home to his
father, who later reported the matter
to the detectives. An investigation by
the latter, however, developed the fact
that the supposed dynamite was a
burned out "fusee," which all trains
are compelled to carry and use to
signal to trains following them. Sev
eral of these "fusees" have since been
found in the neighborhood of the Volta
wreck. ¦
Say He Has Four Pals
and All Are Being
Watched.
SANTA FI3 AND SOUTHERN PA
CIFIC OFFICIALS WHO RECEIV
ED BLACKMAILING LETTERS. )
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAX LUIS OB1SPO, Jan. 28.— The
crowd that filled the office of Justice
of the Peaco J. 1^ Eddy to-day when
the preliminary hearing of "John Doe,"
the alleged train robber was called,
was so large that the second-story
floor in the Robasciotti building, in
which the office is located, commenced
to give way. It being deemed unsafe
to continue the proceedings in that
room an adjournment was at once
taken to th*» Superior Court room in
the County Courthouse.
Eight out of a probable fifteen or
twenty witnesses for the prosecution
wore examined. It was during the ex
amination of the first witness, Engineer
G. K. Wilson of the * helper engine,
which hauled the first section of No. 9
over the Cuesta grade on the night of
January 20 that Attorney A. E. Camp
bell for the defense stated positively
that he'would prove that the defendant
was in Santa Barbara at the time the
witness Wilson stated that he saw him
on the platform at the San Luis Obispo
station. The defense has had no wit
nesses on the stand as yet to prove
this assertion. Wilson stated positively
that the defendant was the man he
saw on the depot platform when wait
ing to leave at 10:40.
Conductor K. H. Meyers of the sec
ond section of No. 9 next testified and
said that he saw the defendant on the
platform at 11:40 just before his train
pulled out. Meyers was positive, fie
also said that he saw the express car
side door open at Santa Margarita, and
that the speed of the train between
tunnels Nos. 1 and 2 was from twelve
to fifteen miles an -hour. Meyers said
that the train passed that point at
12:10. «
Conductor R. R. Hankenson, who
took out local freight No. 333 at 6 a.
m. told of picking up the safe at tunnel
No. 1 and delivering it to the station
agent at Santa Margarita.
James Rice, the tramp who sold the
defendant the hat, told a story of need
ing money more than he did a $4 hat
and parting with the hat. When the
officers found him hatless near the
scene of the burg)ary he was scared.
He said he had bought the hat in Ta
eoma. J. A. Dunbar identified both the
defendant and the hat. At 5 o'clock
the hearing was continued to to-mor
row.
Exciting Incident at a
Train Robbery
Inquiry.
Floor, of Courtroom
• Almost Crashes
With Crowd.
KRUTTSCHNITT
SAYS ROAD IS
'WELL GUARDED
THE facts about the mat
ter relating to threaten
ing letters, published in
thV moraine's papers, so
far n« known to the Southern
Pacific Company, are at* fol
lows:
A threatening. anonymous
letter was received l>y the com
pany, demanding that SIO.OOO
In polil »v thrown ofT a special
locomotive to be stinted from
Stockton on January 20. . the
money to be tliroivn off at a
ociii! to be marketl by a red
iisht aloossidc the tra<Ii. l>e
mand w:is ntade t!iat all trains
should carry while >ij:iuil<5 upon
receipt of this letter, and until
January -<>. as nn Indication to
llie parlies that t!«e money
would be i'(>rtli(.*oiuin£.
Two oilier anonymous letters
h.-.xe been received, botJi of
aboat Hie same tenor. The of-
Hccre of the company deemed
it (undent to take all possible
prcaulfcns In the way of pa
trollicc the track an 1 turned the
matter o\er for investigation to
tlir Uk'sI nsency of the Pinker-
Utv.<.
This company, and other
!•:*. ilmid companies, frequent-
Jy receive Iti&cta of this charac
ter, which, oul <»f owss of cau
tion, are :t«-tetl on regardless of
opinion* that Diajr he held as to
tntnt of responsibility of the
writer.
J. KRLTTSCIIXITT.
Sin Franclx-o. Jan. 22. I90i.
DETECTIVES EMPLOYED BY SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY LEARN IDENTITY
OF MAN WHO IS TRYING BY THREATS OF WRECK TO MULCT CORPORATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 29, 1004.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIANOS
represent a skillful constriction,
backed by &n irrefutable guarantee
— the highest business integrity
during the hall century's estab-
lishment in this city of the maKer.
The Tone, Tovch and Action are
standards, and the design and fin-
ish arc in keeping with their mu-
sical qualities. The price is the
lowest for which a good piano can
be purchased.
Bcnj. Curtaz * Son
(SOXiE AGEITTS)
Open Saturday Evenings.
16 OTAKEXLX. STREET, S. T.
San Jc»*. Stockton. Alameda. Fre«no.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mrTjustice~~~
Judge of the Natal Supreme
Court, Sends the Following
Remarkable Testimonial
TO CUTICURA
The World Is Cuticura's Field,
Used Wherever Civilization
Has Penetrated.
" I desire to gire ray Yoluntary testi-
mony to the beneficial effects of your
Cuticura Remedies. I have suffered
for some time from an excess of uric
acid in the blood ; and since the middle
of last year, from a severe attack of
Eczema, chiefly on the scalp, face, ears
and neck and on one limb.' I was for
several months under professional
treatments, but the remedies prescribed
were of no avail, and I was gradually
becoming worse, my face was dread-
fully disfigured and I lost nearly all my
hair.- At last, my wife prevailed upon
me to try the Caticnrr. Remedies and I
gave them a thorough trial with the
most satisfactory results. The disease
soon began to disappear and my liair
commenced to grow again. 'A fresh
growth of hair is covering my head,
and ray limb (although not yet quite
cured) is gradually improving. My wife
thinks so highly of your remedies that
she has been purchasing them in order
to make presents to other persons su f-
f ering from similar complaints, and,
as President of the Bible Women's
Society, has told th« Bible women to
report If any case should come under
their notice when a poor person is so
afflicted, so that your remedies may be
resorted to." . '.
ROBERT ISAAC FINNEMORE,
(Judge of the Natal Supreme Court")
Pletermaritzburg, Natal, Oct. 29, 1901.
BoU thnrcchovt the world. TnHanm Bwoirnt, .*£.
fl« form of OWoUte Cottfil Till*. JSe. p«r *i*l afS>\
Ointment. Me.. Soap. ?5c. Dapot* : London, V Chirter-
hoaM 8q.« P«ri». « fcae it lm Pmlxi Bo»t«n. J« ColW
k»« At«. Pr»tter PniK * Ch»m. C»*p- S°' e Pmpt.
. Kf S«nd ft- All About the f kla >ad Sc*l»-~
of the
o n —
SATURDAY NIGHT ENDS IT.
¦
Boys 5 Overcoats
$3,50 Qualitu— Dau us onlu 62,80 [
5 00 Qualitu— Dau us onlu 4 * 00 \
6 50 Qualitu— Dau us onlu 5.20 \
8 50 Qualitu— Dau us onlu 6.80
10.00 Qualitu— pau us onlu S.00 \
»
Two and Three Piece Suits, Norfolk Sailor j
and Russian Biouse Suits are included in this
great discount sale.
The very best fabrics, fit and finish.
Open Saturday night till 10 o'clock.
B MILL TO MAN l_
BMfr K! ® M A UK 0TT &T below
Ol%9 t?AO 1 lAKfkflL 1 IS 1. MONTGOMERY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rriilay, Saturday end Saturday Zrifffct.
j BEST SUGAIt 20 lfts. $1.OO
Pure C'ar.p. Dry Granulated. To-day an-i
Saturday Night.
BUTTER "IJ^r 35c
Iiargo Size — Good, Sweet Butter.
25 F1IESII SODA CHACKEn?. 5c]
SOTAL 2AKIKG FOWSSs! . . .lb. 35c
10c saved. Usually -15c.
ORA.VIE MARMALADE. GLASS 1<>c. ¦
! RIPS QUESif OlinrEsilarjreiT.qtr 'JiHr
j Most healthful fruit; gallon ">c. Worth $!.!'>.
"lakge dill pickles, g Ar£oN~hr*T *
r hits ii ta3ls PBXjrr7T3-n>Tcaa« i 4 \~.
Lurgp. ripe, reeled peaches, rears and apn-
rots; CuttinK'w Hnest dettctcw fruits in h«»a\y
syrup; dozen asserted. J1.K.V Sample at atort.
1 Worth -(k: p*r.can.
ALlTcnEAMS " CANS y.c.
BEST CCrPSE, Java and Mocha. 1I>. e
Kich anil full Havornl; whole or grounj.
Usually 3oc.
MRS. FADr:iV£ MIXCEMEAT. 'J LBr*. S>T
SALE OF TEAS, 50c grades. . .3 lbs jfff
L'ncclored Japan. Knslish Breakfast. Young
Hyson. Oolons. Ceylcn or mixed. Sweet brew-
ing- teas. Single jound Gr*c.
DRIED PKACHES 10c~POUNpTsc!
EZ^gumsrc: SOAP. . . .6 lax?e 'oars U5c
Does twice the work of Fcla Xaptha.
juicy W111TK riG$~rouxi>^.^
TOMATOES, red ripe 5 cans HSc
fci'Ud pack; large cans.
SUGAR PEAa.1i ft ; CANS ¦ SSe.
PORT OR SS£2BT WMTEsITTgaL SSf
Six-y?ar mellow ¦wines. Usually $1.20. -
nct:i;noN wth'.^ky" GALiJox~~$T7y
ZHTrAOTDEI. — Rich Red Wine. .gal. 45c
6-year-old wine. Usually B5c gallon.
$1.25 bottle Marnuettc AA V»"hisky at 90c.
rBEXGST PAID 100 MIX.E3.
1001 FILLMORE ST. t!9 TAYLOR ST.
I Dollar Teag !
1 Premium il 1 1 coffees ;
I Free u U s PJ5 es 1
1 „. _ ' Cents Balng j
B with Each Worth powder !
3 flt^They are Beauties m j
!^»U^ A thousand kinds jfa ri
ill? to Select from. *^% %
|-W It Pays to PI
1 JL Trade at J |
« Great Anerican Importiag Tea Go's (
Stores \
| S61 Market 210 Grant »t. U19 Pote i
t 1« Sixth lSlSrWriMdero 705 Larkin (
liS^^l *? 08Si »t-nth 355H*y« i
B" J2S5 Mawion £21 Monte'7 »t» W.^m* '
jkoosrnWe 2Sl«Mi«S£ M8Nta£ I
CongLs, Colds, h
£g||g Asthma, Bronchitis, 1
and Sore Throat, [j