VOLUME XCV— NO. 5G.
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Fran
dtoo for thirty houri eadiag
January 25:
Eos r ran ciaco and vicinity —
Fair Monday; fre»a northwest
wisd. G. H. "WZuIiSOSr,
Iicszl forecaster.
Heavy Fire at Sour Lake.
HOUSTON. Tex., Jan. 24.— Fire to
day destroyed several blocks of frame
business houses at Sour Lake and got
into the Cannon tract in the oil fields,
doing much damage. The loss U esti
mated at $200,000.
LONDON. Jan. 25. — The Chefu cor
respondent of the Daily Mail -cables
that an engagement has occurred on
the Manchurian Railroad between
Russian troops and Chinese maraud
er?, in which three Russians were
killed. The Government, the corre
spondent continues, has placed an em
bargo uDon all horses at Port Arthur
and has forbidden the sale of provis
ions without the consent of the au
thorities. Troops are pouring into
Port Arthur from the north and the
entire garrison has been employed in
maneuvers. Viceroy Alexieff is suf
fering from angina pectorls and was
unable to attend the military confer
ence held yesterday.
Special dispatches from Tokio pub
lished here this morning report that
the Japanese Minister of Finance has
had a conference with the leading Jap
anese bankers and has decided to Is
sue a loan of 100,000,000 yen.
The Japanese newspapers assert
that at the New Year's reception i the
Czar reminded Minister _. Kurino
expected in the event of hostilities if
such things occur during peace. , ¦
• Special dispatches from Seoul report
the resignation of YI Yon Gik from
tho army. • The same dispatches say Yl
Kun Sang has been appointed Korean
Minister at Washington.. ; .
TACOMA, Jan. 24. — "The English
fleet at Hongkong is being' kept in
readiness to sail at a moment's notice;
no sailor Is allowed on shore leave over
night. The ships - are all coaled and
steam is up, so, that within five minutes
after, receipt of orders the entire fleet
would be. ready to move."
So.statesian- officer. of the Northern
Pacific liner Victoria, which arrived
from the .Orient, t,o-day. „ ¦ •>
The Victoria brings. a large.consign
ment of silk to this" country; which will
be shipped to -points In' the : United
States from Tacoma.
Warships nt I Hongkong Are Prepnred
to Sail Immediately. •
ENGLISH FLEET READY.
that the Japanese ought to remember
that Russia is a great 'power.
The Daily Telegraph says it learns
from a Russian source that Viceroy
Alesfteff recently advised the mobili
zation of the Siberian troops. To this
Minister of War Kuropatkln dissented,
but the Czar, after considering the
question, concurred with Viceroy
Alexleff and the necessary orders were
issued.
The Tokio correspondent of the/Times
says letters received from Vladivo
stok declare' that a party of Russian
marines landed • at . Vladivostok on
January 9, and subjected the Japanese
residents to great violence. They
wrecked twenty-four houses.' maltreat
ed women and inflicted wounds upon
aged persons and children. The rioting
lasted twenty hours. The rioters were
accompanied* by their officers, accord
ing to the letters: from. Vladivostok,
and r were not restrained by . the civil
authorities. \ I The Japanese newspapers
advocate the | withdrawal . of all Japan
ese from Siberia and ask what may.be
Czar Nicholas Approves Admiral Alexieff's Recommendation for the
Mobilization of the Siberian Military Forces.
RUSSIANS ENGAGE MARAUDING CHINESE
ON LINE OF THE MANCHURIAN RAILROAD
Continued on Vase 2, Column 3.
ceived under to-day's date from Min
ister, Allen- at Seoul:
."This morning on the electric rail
way,, which is the property of Ameri
can citizens, a Korean was accident
ally killed. Thereupon a mob of na
tives attacked and partially destroyed,
the car. -The operators of the car
would have been Injured had it .not
been for the presence of mind and ac
tion of our guard, and serious riot
would have occurred." ' . _ . •
Although there have been previous
reports of disturbances in Korea this
is the first mob attack made thus far
on property of Americans. The rail
road is owned and operated by Ameri
cans, H. R. Bostwlck of Sari' Francisco
and H. Collbran being its principal
owners. It runs through the heart of
Seoul, the, Korean capital.;.
The. guard which made the rescue
came 'from the "American legation. It
¦consisted : of 100 marines, who were
sent there some time ago to be on
hand for the protection of Americans
and their property. Reinforcement
of this guard has been urged and It is
believed.' will.be made -within a week
by details of marines from the Philip
pines. Conditions in Korea are'rec
ognized to be critical and the ; State De
partment is keeping in' cl«se touch
withUhe situation. -. " ;¦'¦ . - '
' No* fresh instructions have been sent
as "yet as a result of to-day's mob at
tach ' . The" Korean legation has r'e'
ceived no advices concerning, the af
fair..The Korean Government ; ; has
notified, its legation here that it has is
sued a formal declaration of neutral
ity as between Russia and Japan In.
the event of war and Minister Min Hui
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 24.— Reports
of an alarming nature of the situation
there continue to pour out of the Far
East. These include the statements
that the Japanese are landing an army
at Masampho, Korea, and that 3000
Russian troops are crossing the Talu
River. The reported dispatch of a Chi
nese army of soldiers trained by Euro
pean officers beyond the great wall to
preserve order in Manchuria cannot be
confirmed here, and the reports of the
Japanese at Masampho and the Rus
sians at the Yalu are discredited at the
Foreign Office here and by Kurino, the
Japanese Minister to Russia.
While the Russian Government un
derstands the situation in Korea to be
disturbed, and possibly threatening, it
has no information of a situation grave
enough to warrant the landing of a
large Japanese force there. Russia free
ly admits Japan's right under existing
conventions to land in Korea a reason
able number of -soldiers to preserve or
der, but the landing of an army at this
stage of the negotiations could not be
viewed. with equanimity.
Kurino is in no way anxious because
of the delay in Russia's response to the
latest Japanese note, and says that
Japan is not pressing for an immediate
reply. ' —
. 3 "Russia' will be given all the time she
needs," the Minister Is quoted as hav
ing said.
The statement published by the No
voe Vremya | that because Russia de
sired peace and could not surrender ail
coincides; with the distinct impression
gathered at the Foreign Office that
Russia will continue to. maintain that
the question of the sovereignty of Man-
RUSSIA WILL NOT YIELD.
Refuses to Permit Japanese Interfer
ence In Manchuria. -
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24. — The War
Department received information to
day of an attack by a mob of Korean3
on" an electric car, the line being owned
by Americans, because of the fact that
it. had' killed a Korean. . . The news
came In the following cablegram re-
Cho has formally advised the. State De
partment of this action.
San Franciscans the Owners of the
Property Defended by Tars.
FLOODS SUBMERGE CITIES.
Thousands of Persons Driven From
Their Homes by the Freshet.
W1LKESBARRE. Pa., Jan. 24.—Tele
phone advices received here to-nisht
Etate that an ice gorge has formed In
the Suso.uehanna River and for a dis
tance of thirty miles the river is en
tirely blockaded. Nearly the whole
town of Rupert is submerged and on
Water etreet the water comes up to
the 6econd etory. The Pennsylvania
Railroad station is surrounded by
water and several houses have been
moved from their foundations and the
treat majority of the farms are under
water.
At Bloomsburg the ice is jammed up
forty feet high and the large bridge
o%-cr the Susquj?hanna at that place
has been moved five feet and is ex
pected to collapse at any moment. One
third of the town of Bloomsburg is
submerged by the water.
The village of Espoy, two miles north
of Bloomsburg, is partially submerged.
Many families have been driven from
their home* by the rush of waters and
Biany had narrow escapes. Farmers
In many instances have lost all their
¦corses, cows and other livestock by
drowning.
CINCINNATI. Jan. 24.— With the ar
rival here «.f the steamship Courier last
night, navigation was opened in part
of the Ohio River after a complete sus
l»enEion «>f almost two months. During
that time seven] large packets and a
dozen pmsllev ones and hundreds of
«-r.al barges have been anchored here.
Two small packets were wrecked by
the br*>akir.z of ice gorges and the
number of barges Jost will never be
known. The total loss is placed at
S200.000. The indirect loss is much
greater.
It is said thct the loss of one of the
large parkr-ts by being laid up is $1000
a day. Tho rivrr i? open for navlga
lion now only between Louisville and
MaypvIHo, Ky., fq that none of tha
through packets up t;-,e river for. Pitts- ,
burg or down «h« river for Mississippi 1
points an> yet able to run. on account i
of the ice. While freezing weather
again prevails throughout the Ohio
Valley, the river is now too high to be
again closed. . .
WHEELING. W. Va.. Jan. 24.— The
Continued on Pa^c 2, Column 2.
SCENES IN THE CAPITAL OF KOREA. WHERE AMERICAN MARINES
HAVE REPELLED AN ATTACK BY A NATIVE MOB ON STREET
RAILWAY OWNED BY SAN FRANCISCANS.
POLICE STILL BAFFLED
OVER SCHAEFER MURDER
Examination of a Suspect Falls to
Throw Any XJgnt on the
3f TStCTT*
BEDFORD, Ind.. Jan. 24. — Tho
mysterious murder of Miss Schaefer
remains unsolved. A well known
man of this city, who is a member of
the senior class at the State Universi
ty of Bloomington, was closeted to
day with detectives. He explained hla
whereabouts on the night of the mur
der. The reason for the Investiga
tion, it is alleged, was a story told by
Miss Schaefer's room-mate and cor
roborated by their landlady, that the
young man was requested on one oc
casion to leave Miss Schaefer's room
because of objectionable conduct.
The letter written to Chicago by
Miss Schaefer was to Mrs. Frank
Cross, her sister. In this letter, ac
cording to Mrs. Smith and Miss Love,
who roomed with Miss Schaefer, the
dead girl complained of the conduct of
this young man In attempting to kiss
her and It was in reply to this letter
that Mrs. Cross wrote: "I wish you
had strength f> hurl him down."
' — » ? ¦
XEGROES LYNCH ONE
OF THEIR OWN RACE
Oklahoma Man Is Shot In Jail and
Dragged From His Cell and
Hanged.
GUTHRIE, O. T.. Jan. 24.— Lewis
Radford, a negro, was lynched here to
night by a mob of from thirty to forty
negroes. He was arrested this morn
ing accused of killing Priscilla Fro
zell. a negress. Last night Rad
ford confessed to having attacked th*>
woman, but denied to the last that ho
killed her.
Marshal Burries employed John
Dock, colored, to feed the prisoner and
to-night while he was in the Jail corri
dor a mob rushed in and demanded
the keys to Radford's cell. Dock at
first refused to deliver them. The
mob then gave him several blows on.
the head and drew their pistols, when
Dock promptly delivered the keys.
Kadford refused to leave the cell and
the mob began firing on him, several
shots taking effect. In all eight shots
were fired. The prisoner was dragged,
half dead, to a tree a few yards from
the jail and was hanged to a limb.
LONDON. Jan. 23. — Colonel
Lynch, who commanded the Irish
Brigade against the British forces dur
ing the war In SouthAfrlca and who was
afterward convicted of treason and sen
tenced to imprisonment for life, was
yesterday morning liberated "on li
cense." Lynch has not received th«
royal pardon.
The liberation of Colonel Lynch is
the outcome of an interesting series of
events. When Michael Davitt was last
ii» the United States he saw President
Roosevelt. who mentioned Colonel
Lynch to him, saying he had' once en
tertained him at Albany. The Presi
dent expressed great Interest in the
case and regretted that he could, not
suggest clemency without laying him
f elf open to a palpable snub. On hi.;
return to England. Dsvitt mentioned
his conversation with President Roose
velt to Uir Thomas Lipton and to Mia.
Lynch, who has suffered bitterly since
her husband's arrest. He at once mads
a pathetic appeal to Sir Thomas, whu
then personally interceded with Kim;
Edward on behalf ¦ of the condemned
fellow Irishman. Without any hesi
tation, the King promptly informed the
Home Secretary of his wishes and the
prisoner was released.
Colonel Lynch, who completed a year
in prison last Saturday, was the only
political offender In prison in Ireland.
Patrick A. McHugh, ex-member of the
House of Commons, who recently
shared this distinction with Colonel
Lynch, was released from jail through
the mediation of Sir Thomas Lipton
with King Edward.
Colonel Lynch will enjoy personal
liberty and may even leave the country
should he care to do so; but, not having
received the royal pardon, he 13 dis
qualified from sitting in Parliament
and from holding any public office.
CHICAGO. Jan. 24.— Extreme cold
weather was recorded In various
sections of the North and West
to-day. The cold wave extends over a
wide area, embracing the Upper Missis
sippi and Missouri valleys and tha
Western Lake region. Particularly se
vere weather is reported in the Dako-
•tas. Eastern Montana. Northeastern
*.'brarka. Northwest Iowa. Northern
JHincus and Indiana and portions of
Wisconsin and Michigan.
The thermometer to-day in this city
registered 11 degrees below zero. There
is suffering among the poor and many
of the homeless applied at the police
stations for shelter. Only one death,
that of a fisherman, has been reported.
The Weather Bureau observer says
that it is possible that the mercury may
to twenty below to-morrow and that
the coid wave will last several days.
At St. Paul to-day the minimum on
th<* official thermometer was 33 degrees
b<»loT.\ Other therrrrornete*-" registered
as "iuw as forty below zero. Bismarck
reported twenty-eight and Superior.
Wis., thirty-six. A severe blizzard
raged at Houghton, Mich., trains be
ing late and traffic badly impeded.
MILWAUKEE, Jan. 24.— Specials to
the Sentinel show Wisconsin to be ex
periencing the coldest weather to-night
'if any State in the Union. New
Richmond reports a temperature of 45
degrees below zero; Hay ward and
Cumberland report 40, Superior 35 and
Unity 38 below. Oskosh reports the
coldest weather in twenty-six years,
the registration being 38 below. A
strong northwest wind is blowing and
trains throughout the State are run
ning irregularly.
ST. PAUL, Jan. 24.— According to the
weather observer the mean tempera
ture prevailing in St. Paul to-day es
tablished a new record, being 27 de
grees below zero.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 24.— The coldest
weather of the winter is being: experi
enced to-night in Kansas and Western
Missouri. At 7 o'clock to-night the
temperature in Kansas City was 8 de
grees above zero and falling, and the
•vvrather office says that it will go be
low zero. Kansas points report zero
weather.
OMAHA, Jan. 2*.— The coldest weath
er of the winter was recorded by the
Weather Bureau to-day. The tempera
ture was J2 below and at no time dur
ing: the day did the mercury go above
th^ zero mark.
Sir Thomas Lipton Makes President's
Remark the Basis of an Appeal
to Edward VIL
Chicago Weather Obserrer Says No
Change in Conditions Will
Come for Several Days.
Mercury Drops to Forty-
Five Degrees in a Wis
consin Town.
Irish Leader of tie Boers
Quits His Prison Cell
44 On License."
Cities Report Lowest
Temperature in
Many Years.
Heeds Wish Privately
Expressed by Mr.
Roosevelt
KING GIVES
FREEDOM TO
COL. LYNCH
EAST'S COLD
WAVE HOLDS
THE RECORD
rEOUL, IQorea, Jan.
** 24."»Jin accident
on the electric street
railway here tO'day,
which resulted in the
killing of a Korean,
led to rioting on the
part of the -populace.
The marine guard at
the American lega*
tion, however, having
recourse to its fire*
arms, succeeded in
preventing the trow
ble assuming serious
proportions. A cable'
gram has been re*
ceived from the Ko*
rean Minister at St.
Petersburg, saying
that Russia has dis*
approved of Korea's
declaration of neu*
trality.
AMERICAN MARINES DISPERSE RIOTERS IN SEOUL;
PROTECT STREET RAILWAY AGAINST KOREAN MOB
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.
¦f \ THE TSIATEXS.
Alegar — "The Hasaneraders."
Caliioraia— "Ti« Eternal City."
Central- -"Qno Vadli."
Cfcntei — Vand evill e.
*CoUunbla—"A CUaea* Honey
moon."
Fischer's — "The Seanty saop."
Grand — "David Eunm."
Orphetun — Vaudeville.
TlTcli — "When Jolmay Comer
Marching Home."
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1904.THIBETANS WILL OFFER WAR.
LONDON. Jan. 25.— The Foreign Of
fice has received news of the massacre
of a British expedition 'under the
auspices of the East Africa Syndicate
by Tarkhana tribesmen in the neigh
borhood of Rudolf Lake, East Africa.
Several white men were murdered, but
no details of the occurrence have been
received.
ENGLISH KXPEDITIOX
MASSACRED BY NATIVES
Death of Merton C. Allen.
Merton C. Allen, who for a number
of years had been prominently identi
fied with the journalistic, and political
history of San Francisco, died at his
residence in -this city yesterday, after
a brief- illness. Mr. Allen was a native
of this State and was prominent In the
order of Native Sons of .the Golden
West, having, been* past president of
Alcatraz Parlor. He was also a member
of the Woodmen of. the World and an
earnest worker in behr.lj of that order.
A widow and three children, Clifford,
Chesley and Alfred Allen, survive him.
The funeral will • be • held • to-morrow
afternoon- from the undertaking parlors
of Bunker & LunL The interment will
be at Petaluma.
Well-Known Butcher Dies.
James Edward Bond, for more, than
thirty years a prominent butcher of thLs
city, passed away-', at : . his home, 2813
Harrison street, yesterday, after an
illness of six weeks. Mr.. Bond was a
native of Brooklyn, N. Y; He married
a daughter of. the late William T. Gar
ratt shortly, after his arrival in this
city.v-A- wife and eight children survive
him:* The funeral- services will | take
place to-morrow from' the • undertaking
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. Interment
will be made at Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BERLIN, Jan. 24.— It is reported here
that a lieutenant in the army named
Krohn, who is stationed at Plrna, Sax
ony, has recently fought eight duels
and is about to undertake a ninth en
counter In defense of his family honor.
Krohn has had the best of the meet
ings, for It is said that two of his op
ponents were severely wounded and
three others slightly wounded, while
three escaped unhurt. As for Krohn, he
had his ear nipped in the eighth en
counter.
FIGHTS 'MANY DUELS
FOR FAMILY HONOR
The Oriental Steamship Company's
steamship America Maru will sail
at 1 o'clock to-day for Hongkong and
Yokohama via Honolulu. ; - In -ali
probability this will be the last voyage
the America Maru will make from,
this port for gome time/ « According
to authentic reports, on heri arrival,
at her home port she is, to be, turned
over to the Japanese Government for:
transport- service.' • ...
After leaving Honolulu the Ameri
ca Maru will proceed to Midway
Island, where she will find cable . ; ad-^
vices awaiting' her regarding : the sit
uation In the East. Should war h'aye
been declared, she can.be on th.e/Iodk-.
out for "any Russian ships that may
be cruising in her path;. ' ,. # ¦? \ «
The Hongkong Maru of. the same
line, which was scheduled to sail: from
Hongkong for ! this • port on' January
20, is still at Hongkong awaiting
orders. . -A :'¦¦•;> ..- . .-, ;^ A :--".
WILLi BECOME A TROOPSHIP.
BERLIN, Jan. 24. — During the per
formance to-night at the Deutsches
Theater the falling of a portion of the
ceiling of the corridor caused great
excitement. With the exception of an
usher. ' who was slightly hurt, no one
was injured. After the excitement sub
sided the play was resumed.
Excitement in Berlin Theater.
DENVER, Jan. 24. — A special to
the Republican from Las Vegas. N.
M., says that three boys, Myron Aid
rich aged 14, Lowell Ellis aged 13 and
William Denton aged 15, were arrest
ed there to-day and confessed having
wrecked an extra Denver Rnd Rio
Grande freight train at Florence,
Colo., on January 10. The boys said
they were after 'the passenger, train,
which was late, and intended robbing
the dead and injured passengers.
Three Boy? Say They Wrecked a Train
That They Might Rob '
the Dead. /
YOUTHFUL. BANDITS
ARE UNDER ARREST
NAPA, Jan. 24. — John Buhman. a
pioneer resident of this State, died at
his home in Browns Valley yesterday
afternoon. He was a native of Ger
many and 73 years of age. He came to
America in* 1850 and " settled " in Sari
Francisco. Drinking water was scarce
In those: days and he went into the
business of selling it by the pailful, de
livering it from door to door. About
thirty years ago he came to Napa and
started a dairy, which he conducted
until his death. L T; .. :
Pioneer Dies in Browns Valley.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24. — Mrs. Emily
Dean, a resident of this city for twenty
eight years, -died to-day at the family
residence,' 1325 Jackson street. Mrs.
Dean was a native of Maryland, 68
years old. Surviving children are
Charles C. Dean, James B. Dean and
Mrs. James G. Allen. The funeral. will
be. held Tuesday morning at 10:30
o'clock from the family residence.
Death of- Mrs. -Emily Dean.
ROME. Jan. 24.— Right Rev.
Stephen Rivelle, Bishop of Sandhurst.
Australia, was received in private
audience by the Pope to-day and pre
sented to the Pontiff Mrs. and Miss
Loughhorough of San Francisco, who
brought with them a photograph of
the Pope, to which he affixed his eig
nature at their request.
Mrs. and Miss Ixmghborough Visit His
Holiness and Secure an
Autograph!
SAN FRANCISCANS ARE .
RECEIVED BY TnE POPE
CINCINNATI. Jan. 24. — The ice
around Coney Island gave way and
sank the towboat Adelle at the
Browns landing, together with a barge
of coal. Loss ? 15,000. Three men
employed on the Adelle are missing
and are supposed to have been
drowned.
Towboat Men Are Missing.
Mrs. Tibbetts Passes Away.
BERKELEY, Jan. 24. — Mrs. Amanda
Tibbetts, a well-known resident of
Berkeley, died suddenly early this
morning at her home, 1707 Shattuck
avenue,. Death was due to acute pneu
monia, the deceased ifaving been ill
only a few days. . She leaves a hus
band and two sons, one of whom is
Sidney Tibbetts, the crack two-mile
runner at the University of California.
She was. a native . of Wisconsin, 49
years of age. The remains will be sent
to the former home of the family at
Campbells, Santa Clara County, for
burial. . • .
The Russ has attacked the Novoe
Vremya for what it terms its corre
spondents stupid mistake about- the
destination of the American Asiatic
squadron, the Novoe Vremya having
said the American warships were going
to Yongamph<3> \vhe,n actually their des
tination was Olongapo. in the. Philip
pines, and for presaging American in
tervention in the Far East. TheiRuss
declares that as the interests of Amer
ica are commercial the American Gov
ernment requires friendly relations
with Russia.
churia is polely a matter between Rus
sia and China.
The Svket and the Listoe have raised
an outcry over" the reported sending of
Chinese troops to Manchuria, and the
latter newspapers declare that if it is
true that these troops go with the pur
pose of threatening the railroad be
tween Port Arthur and Vladivostok it
means war with China, and not with
Japan. In an interview Soo Wei Teh,
the Chinese Minister to Russia, is
quoted as-having said: ,, ;
"The talk of China going to war with
any one is absurd. We have no Inten
tion of fighting. If Chinese troops are
being sent north it is solely for the pur
pose of inspiring confidence in our;own
people, who are alarmed and who would
become panic stricken in the event of
hostilities between Russia and Japan.
Personally I have no knowledge of this
reported movement, but the fact of it
would not necessarily be communicated
to me."
Porto Rico Swept by Gale.
SAN JUAN, P. R... Jan. 24.— For the
past five days a high easterly gale has
been blowing over Porto Rico and the
record for thirteen years for a contin
ued blow has been broken. The wind
has done much damage to the young
sugar, cane. The crew of the schooner
Scions and part of her cargo were
saved, but the boat was lost. The high
wind has interrupted communication
by wireless telegraphy between San
Juan and Culebra.
Continued from Page 1. Column 6.
AMERICAN MARINES STOP RIDTIIG
CHICAGO. Jan. 24. — A special
grand jury, it was decided to-day, will
he eal'ed after next Saturday to con
tinue the Coroner's investigation of
the Iroc.uois Theater. With the rec
ommendations of the Coroner's jury
and a transcript of the testimony
taken at the inquest the special ses
sion will reopen the question of re-
Fpor.sibiiity.
The , Coroners verdict will probably
be returned to-morrow night. The
findings prfli be referred by the Coro
ner to the State's Attorney for action.
It was believed that the present jury.
which will adjourn next Saturday and
has much work on hand, could not un
dertake a full examination in the the
ater calamity. The Grand Jury will
take ur> the matter from the begin
ning, although its labors will be les
sened by the thorough investigation
of th> Coroner. Nearly a hundred wit
nesses will be heard.
Coroner Finishes Investigation of Chi
cago Disaster and Findings Will
Be Given to State Attorney.
GRAND JIKY TO TAKE
IP IROQVOIS INQUIRY
We are closing out several odd lots 'of
framp-i pictures at half the regular
priocs. . Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Mar
ket fctoeet. •
NEW YORK, Jan. 25.— General Will
iam Chauncey '. Kibbe, an old Indian
flgher and goldhunte: in California
during 1849, Is dead at his home In
Brooklyn, from tuberculosis. - He was
in his eighty-second year.
Born in Illinois, General Kibbe came
as->a- young man to Brooklyn and se
cured a position as teacher in the public
schools. In 1849 he had become a prinr
cipal, but resigned to seek hi3 fortune
In California. %
As a miner he was unfortunate and
after a while he drifted into other pur
suits. He took part in suppressing
many of the early Indian uprisings in
California and Nevada, and, finally,
when Leland Stanford became Gov
ernor, General Kibbe became adjutant
general on his staff.
After the Civil War" General Kibbe
returned to Brooklyn and resumed
teaching.
DEATH OF GENERAL KIBBE.
Old -Time California Indian Fighter
,. and Gold Hunter Passes Away. ,
DESSAU, Duchy of Anhalt, Ger
many, Jan. 24. — Friedrich, Duke of
Anhatt, died at Castle Ballenstedt to
day, aged 73 years. He suffered an
apopletic stroke yesterday.
DEATH SUDDEN
TO FFUEDRICH,
DUKE OF ANHALT
NEW CUMBERLAND. W. Va.pJan. !
24. — Fully one-half of this town Js j un
der twelve feet of water to-night, and
a blizzard is raging. Dozens of facto
ries are submerged and the.bjg Chelsea
China Company plant Is greatly dam-j
aged. At Empire, two miles above on '
the opposite side of the Ohio River,.;
the town is under ten to fifteen feet of ,
water and practicallly the entire popu- j
lation is encamped in box cars. Six ;
miles above Empire a heavy landslide I
has covered the Cleveland and Pitts- ;
burg Railroad tracks. . j
crest of the flood swell was reached at '
4 o'clock this afternoon, when the stage |
was fort:*-fcur feet two inches. Fully ,
ono-third of the homos in the city were
wholly or partially inundated, and the
sharp fall in the temperature has '
caused a great deal_ of suffering. On
the island very few streets are out of '
the water and many second stones are '
invaded, but the residents are accus
tomed to floods and have made ar
rangements accordingly.
In Benwood there is. not a single
block that is high and dry. and the 5000
persons there are living in second
stories or on the hillsides, while the suf- .
fering is intense. In Bellaire, Bridge
port and Martin's Ferry, on the Ohio
side, the situation is not so bad, as the :
ground is higher.
PITT6BCRG, Jan. 24.— The flood of I
yesterday has in a great measure
passed this point, but portions of the
two cities are still submerged. In Alle- !
gheny the gas supply was erratic, and:
the distribution of coal by the city au- ,
thorities in the poorer neighborhoods ;
brought about a riotous condition. :
When the fuel was dumped In . the
streets men. women and children fought •
for its possession, requiring a strong !
guard cf nolice to preserve order. ;
Sheriff Alderman had been seriously
111 for more than a monjh. and in addi
tion to his physical troubles there had
u risen .much gossir growing out of a
dispute ""w-ilh accountants regarding a
Fhortage in hi.« books, which he de
clared" he could and would make good
in full. Combined with his ill health,
his financial trouble? apparently unset
tled the Sheriffs mind temporarily.
About 7:30 oolork this morning he
arof=<j and awakened the hired girl.
Then ho wont immediately to the barn.
a .short distance away. When the girl
v.f nt to the barn half an hour after she
noticed blood stains upon the ground
floor. Ooinp to the upper floor fhe dis
covered the bodv of the Sheriff.
Aid pitt. .in was about 40 years of age.
He had lived in Tillamook bounty for
many years and had held the office of
Sheriff for the nast seven years. He
leaves a wife and one child, a girl of 11
vrai-s. The d^ad Sheriff was a member
of the Masonic order, as well as of the
Odd Fellows. Kniehts of Pythias.
Woodmen of the World and Ancient
Order of United Workmen. His finan
cial troubles reached thei»- height on
last. Friday, when a warrant was made
out f*H- his arrest, it heing alleged that
his accounts were STrtOO short. In his
residence of many years in Tillamook
County Alderman had acquired prop
erty wmh considerably more than the
sum said to "be missing. He also car
ried a heavy life insurance. He had de
clared that he was able to fully pay
fof any unconscious error in his books,
and if the report of the accountants is
confirmed this will be dene. A number
r.f friends stood by him faithfully,
never doubting his integrity.
Pi>mp weeks ago when the account
ants h^gan their work of investigating
tfc<=> Sheriffs books the county court
house was sot on fire and burned to the
ground. Enemies of Alderman claimed
;it''the time' that the fire was set with
the purpose of destroying the records.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jaji. ZL— After hav
ing been placed under arrest charged
with a defalcation of $7000.' Henry H.
Aldonr.an. Sheriff of TiHarnook County,
phot himself in his own 'barn early this
morning. Ho fired the- bullet through
thi? mof <->f his month.
Pp*rial Dippatch to "H-.e Call
County Clerk ,/Haw' arid Justice of
the Peace Peter McGeorge were aroused
and the legal requirements attended to.
The party then, drove to the woman's
house and the ..ceremony was soon
At about 10 o'clock a number: of citi
zens gathered to find Perrino to ascer
tain ifv'he -would-. marry the woman-it'
was claimed he; had deceived. .; They
found him- in a." .'saloon and. communi
cated the purpose of their visit. He de
clared that he was willing to marry,
but desired to. put off the ceremony till
Monday. The committee, thinking that
he wou!d\leave. town, gave him .one
minute, to-jnake up his. mind whether
he would -mafry or .take the conse
quences. The .consequences were sug
gested ,to him as being a coat of tar
and feathers arid a speedy passage out
of town,. He. chose the former.
EUREKA. ? Jan. x 24.— A novel, wedding
Occurred last nighti in', this city.;'; The
bride was not apprised;,' of : the. fact that
she was to be. married .until- the bride-'
groom '.and .'the JuStice;)of the -Peace
and certain members ;o£6n;.irivpromptu
vigilance committee awokev'ner^ from
sleep and informed her of the- purpose
of the nocturnal visit* The.! groom .is
Charles Perrino, a barber, > and the
bride Emma M. Jewett, an artist. The
ceremony 'took place in the apartment
of the bride in the presence erf mem
bers of the committee and a 1 sleeping
babe. '•:'•¦ ' « . ;
Special Dispatch to The Call,
The Coroner's inquest will be held
to-morrow and the preliminary hearing
in the Police Court on Wednesday.
The police hope to be ready when Soe
der appears in the Police Court on
Wednesday to show enough evidence. of
his guilt to have him bound over for
trial in the Superior Court.
There is an abundance of evidence
to show the criminal nature and record
of Soeder. • He has been in San Quentin
twice for burglary, once from this city
and once from Alameda County.
The shoes were at once taken to the
tracks and found to fit exactly in the
imprints in'the mud, which had become
somewhat hardened. This new evi
dence goes to prove that Soeder entered
his room on the night of the murder
through, the window. Landlord Xei
blas has said that if Soeder had come
in by the door he and his wife would
have heard him. Soeder chose the.win
dow as the least noisy means of egress,
in order that he might get into his
room and change the gray suit that he
was seen wearing the night he left the
Mexican restaurant on Broadway with
his brother-in-law, Blaise.
The police have about completed their
search for evidence against Sooder and
last night was spent by Detective Gib
son in getting into shape what he has
secured.
On the morning that the murdered
Blaise was found lying in the Taylor
street cut of Russian Hill Soeder's
landlord. Joseph Neiblas, discovered
shoe tracks in the moist earth of the
garden on which the front windows of
the room occupied by Soeder and Blaise
looks. Evidence was found that Soeder
changed his shoes after the murder
was. .committed. A pair of calfskin shoes
of a" peculiar shape were found in Soe
der's Toakn on the Monday-following the
murder. They were of an English bull'
dog shape of an uncommon last.
When the shoes were found by De
tective Gibson they were covered with
mud of the same variety that lines the
cut in Russian Hill, where the dead
body of Blaise was found. They were
taken as evidence and it was not until
several days later that Neiblas called
the attention of the police to several
well-defined shoeprints in the garden
in front of the window to Soeder's
room.
A valuable piece of evidence has been
secured by the police against Leon Soe
der, charged with the murder of Joseph
Blaise. The shoes worn by Soeder on
the night of the murder have been
found to fit to a nicety the shoeprint
marks discovered in the yard under
the front window of the room in which
Soeder and Blaise lived. ¦
Charges Made Ajrainst the Ac
cused Man Serve to Unbalance
His Mind ( and" a Girl Finds
Him Dead in a Barn
New Evidence of Damaging" Na
ture Is Secured Against Ac
cused Murderer of * Blaise
and the Police Feel Satisfied
Members of a Committee Escort*
- ,. . . ¦ ¦ i
the 31 an to a House Where
the Woman v iIs^~A Wakened
and Quickly Made . a Wife
Oliver T. Holden and Winifred Flor
ence appear in' a pretty comedy oper
atic sketch, "The Fairy of Killarney."
The text of the act is an old legend In
which the fairy queen of the lakes pre
sides over the destinies of one -Clan
O'Sullivan and the scene at the fairy
well furnishes excellent music and dia
logue. Duffy, Sawtelle and Duffy, in
their one act playlet, "Papa's Sweet
heart," give entire satisfaction. Mas
ter James Duffy, a youth not yet in
long trousers, gives the audience its
money's worth and his part is the pivot
on which the plot revolves." Cordua
and. Maud. European hand balancers
on double wires, are on the bills for the
first time and perform In a marvelous
manner."
Kelly, and Violette. the "fashion platfe
singing duo." receive as great an ova
tion as they did last week. Their selec
tions please and are rendered in artisr
tic .manner.. Harry C. Stanley, and Doris
Wilson repeat their musical comedy
sketch,,"Before the Ball," and the audi
ance applauds the dramatic 'soprano of
Miss Wilson .8 well as the comedy of
Stanley. - The Stein . Eretto Family,
comedy hand jumping acrobats, and
Irving Jones, the man that writes -his
own songs, complete, "with the moVlng
pictures, an Interesting programme.
The'Rays — Johnny and- Emma — made
merry at the Orpheum last night.
Johnny Ray does a peculiar line of
work that cannot be duplicated. He
is the only one of his kind and brings
a laugh at every line., One thing no
ticeable was the reduction in corpu
lence in Emma Ray.- Instead of the
massive actress that "kicked her hus
band about the stage while he per
formed that office at home." she has
grown more to proportion and Johnny
seems to stand a better chance Jn life.
They, produce i very good sketch, "A
Hot Old Time,", and there is no mis
take about theirbeing favorites in this
city. . "
People that paid their $2 apiece to- see
"David Harum" at the Columbia Thea
ter last season can obtain equally good
seats in the Grand Opera-house, this
week for less than half that amount of
money and witness almost as trood a
production of the same play. True It
is that "Billy" Crane is not doing the
title part, but the actor who has suc
ceeded him. William H. Turner, fol
lows the Crane method so closely as
to sustain all the effective phases of
the original characterization, and
thereby pronounces himself a most ar
tistic imitator. Nor is the present
company just as strong, individually
or collectively, as its predecessor, but
it is strong enough to do full justice to
every personation in the group. All
the original scenery has been retained,
and in a mighty good state of preser
vation it li>, when one considers the
wear and tear to which it has been
subjected. • ' ' ¦ •
It is payinrc inadequate tribute to the
excellence of» "David Harum" . to say
that it Is the best* show given at the
Grand Opera-house since "Ben Hur"
was there, for the interim was filled
by some of the toughest itinerants
that ever struggled westward. To state
that the dramatization, of Mr. Wes
cott's clever character story is worth
double the prices charged for the priv
ilege of witnessing it would be no ex
aggeration. ... ...
It was an organization of amateurs,
the Alameda Lustspiel Ensemble, that
played ."Als . Ich. Wiederkam" (."As. I
Returned") last evening at the Colum
bia Theater, and positive knowledge "of
that fact was necessary to convince the
stranger that dropped in that he was
not being entertained by well-trained
professionals. In the audience were
some students of stage technique to
whom much.of the German, dialogue
was unintelligible, but they seemed to
derive no less enjoyment from the per
formance than was reflected by the fre
quent and hearty laughter of those who
understood the full significance of the
lines. That is saying something favor
able for the dramatic instinct and Intel
ligence of the players. It is no 'exag
geration at all to state that the work' of
some of the principals has never been
excelled in completeness on the same
stage. . ¦ . . • -• •'.
It was in the little things— the mlnu
tae—that the art of the actors'mani
fested itself.- Perfect self-possession
and poise were qualities possessed by
all, but it was more than absence of
self-conscionsness that contributed the
deft side plays— the appropriate shrugs,
smiles, pouts and other expressive pan
tomime — that made the silent charac
ters appear so essential to the stage
picture white two or more of the. other
characters' were conversing. There was
none of the vapid, chorus-girl-like gaz
ing at the audience, that mars the nat
uralness'and harmony of situations in
the best American managed dramatic
offerings. Every one of those amateurs
seemed to be perfectly imbued with the
spirit of the play and to thoroughly
"leel" the character he or she -was im
personating. Stage direction may have
been responsible for some of this-re
markable self-effacement, but the best
stage director in the world could not
create the- artistic temperament. He
could only guide it.
"As I Returned" is a sequel to "At
the White Horse Tavern," played by
the same company several weeks ago,
and it simply places the same char
acters in new and equally ludicrous
situations. Throughout the • perform
ance the big audience was kept in an
alternation of giggles and guffaws, and
the finish of each act was followed by
a clamor that brought the leading: peo
ple before the curtain several times.
The staging was as perfect as the act
ing, so it was no cause for wonder when
Stage Manager Arthur Beeker was
noisily summoned to the front to re
ceive a great ovation. A vocal quartet
and an invisible mandolin orchestra
interpret charming music.
The company is now rehearsing: an
other clever German comedy. "Das
Opferlamm," and it would be well for
San Francisco's large army of aspi
rants for dramatic recognition— aye,
and some of the ; fat-salaried profes
sionals — to witness .its- production.
Even if they do •¦ hot; understand the
language of the fatherland, -they may
learn from* exampi^ how to .do some
things that are just as necessary
complete acting as fs.the mouthing"of
the lines. . •-, . . . ,\ , "..,'
ILLNESS AND WORRY
CAUSE OF SUICIDE
OFFICIALS ACT' 1
DURING'v^THE \XI0HT.
ENTERS BY WINDOW
TO CHANGE CLOTHES
EAST'S COLO WAVE HOLDS RECORD |
Continued from Page 1. Column 1
VIENNA, Jan. 24.— A telegrram from
Belgrade reoorts that Servians and
Montenegrins_ Jiving abroad are en
gaged in a vigorous agitation against
the Karageorgevitch dynasty and have
even planned a conspiracy against Kinjj
Peter. Pamphlets have been distributed
in one of the Balkan States describing
King Peter's active agitation against
King. Alexander and making serious
charges against him. "While the Ser
vian Government declines to consider
this movement seriously, instructions j
have been issued to keep a sharp watch
over Servian js and Montenegrin emi
grants. It is conjectured that this con
spiracy is the work of either Monte
negrins or the sisters of the late QuevMi
Draga.
A dispatch to the Xeues Wiener
Journal from Samlin, which is six milos j
from Belgrade, says that a number of j
drunken army officers belonging to the j
"murder party" recently made a dem- j
onstrmtton in a restaurant in Belgrade |
agr.iinst the powers, during which por- i
traits of Emperor Francis Joseph and [¦
the Czar were burned. The offending i
officers were court-martialed, but upon
a special order from King Peter the j
proceedings were stopped.
? —
Drunken Army Officers in Bel
grade Burn Portraits of
Russian and Austrian Rulers
"David Harum" at the Grand
Opera-House Is Well Worth
the Price of Admittance
AGITATORS
ARE ACTIVE
NEW BILL AT ORPHEUM
Indignant Men in Eureka At-*
tend Wedding Ceremony Aft
er .Threatening Prospective
Groom With Tar and Feathers
Sheriff of Tillamook County; in
Shoots Himself After
Having: Been Arrested for
Alleged Defalcation of $7000
Leon Soeder's Shocmarks Iden
tical With Imprints Found
in Xeiblas' Front Yard,Where
Drying; Mud 'Retains Them
Production of "Als Ich Wieder
kam" by Amateur Thes
pians Remarkably Artistic
Aided by Montenegrins in Con
spirac3 : to Overthrow the
-House of Karageorjjevitcli
CITIZENS
COMPEL A
MARRIAGE
SHOES FIT
THE TRACE
IN GARDEN
GERMAN ACTORS
DO GOOD WORK
SERVIANS PLOT
AGAINST PETER
ACCUSED
OFFICIAL
ENDS LIFE
. . . . . , , -vw ¦ ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY: "JANUARY 25, 1904.
Take Laxative Brorao Quinine - Tablets. ".. All
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 20c *
To Cure a Cold in One Day.'
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 24:— Dr. Oscar
L. Gordon died this afternoon. • He was
a native of Maine and. 75 years, old,," Be
fore coming to California he was su
perintending a reform school in Maine.
Santa Cruz Physician Dead.
SEOUL. Jan. 25.— Korean soldiers
and police at Pyenzyang, disguised as
robbers, have .looted ail the wealthy
native houses. • Foreigners are grow
ing very uneasy over the situation and
the natives seem very apathetic. Ex
tremely cold weather prevails.
Koreans Loot Private -Dwellings..
Fiji Islands" Snffer From' Storm.
MELBOURNE, Victoria, Jan. 24. —
A disastrous hurricane has swept the
Fiji islands, resultingin great loss of
life and property. ' - ¦ ;.
CHUMBI, British India, Jan. 24. —
Colonel Yourighusband. commander, of
the British expeditions to Thibet;' h^s
had a friendly interview with a.gren
eral from L'Haesa and a number J of
Lamas, who came, out ., to 'meet the
British i mission. The general offered
favorable terms for Colonel Young
husband to retire and, on his refusal
indicated that the British advance
would be opposed. .^ v*. ; .-,'
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eczema
¦ Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
*-Acne or other skin troubles,
• promptly relieved and cured by
¦ - - ~- '^ t ,--,,"
This scientific germidde.which
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession every where. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a '
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my. signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
O » /tQ^A—-A 1 — A.61.0 Prinw Bt
L^C^|g§EpEEr H«rY.rk.
wwewtc /Valnabln Booklet on the
»**»"¦ Urrtatmeat «r <m«-n..>«.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTKRS, THE
Great Mexican Remedy; fivtm health and
firer.cih to sexual orcar.s. Depot. S23 Market.
To Cure Grip in Two Days.
Laxative Bromo Quinine removes the cause.
To get the genuine call for the full name. 25c. •
;.*;}* ADVERTISEMENTS.
About Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets.
— ¦— ¦ —
They Cure Stomach Troubles and Indigestion,
Anyway, Whether You Have Faith
In Them or Not.
All physicians agree that the element
of faith has a great deal to do In the
cufe,Jof disease. _ ¦'
t Firm belief and confidence in a fam-
ilyv physician or the 1 same confidence
and faith Jn a ; patent.. medicine have
produced remarkable cures In all ages.
This is especially true in nervous
"troubles." arid no held" offers so prolific
a. harvest for the quack and charlatan
as the diseases arising. from a'weak or
run-down, n^rvous system.
. Nevertheless^ the "most common of all
diseases— indigestion and stomach trou-
bles, which in turn cause nervous dis-
eases, heart troubles,' consumption and
loss of flesh— require something besides
faith to-jcnfe. :. *; i • ';"'¦•*.»
* Mere faith will not 'digest your food
for. yyu^fwill not give you an appetite.
wiy, 1 "JrioV increase' your : flesh and
Strengthen your nerves and heart, but
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets • will do
these things, -because ahey are com-
posed of. the elements- of digestion: they
contain the /joices, aejdsand peptones
necessary ..to. the digestion and assimi-
lation of allf wholesorhe food.
StuaVtV Dyspepsia! Tablets , will di-
gest fo'od-'if placed in a jar or bottle in
water heated ta. 98 degrees., and they
will do it much -.more effectively when
taken: Into 'the' "stomach after meals,
whether you have faith tha't they will
or. not. : : ' -. '¦' . "? • .' *->
' They invigorate the stomach, make
pure blood and strong nerves in the
only way that nature can '.do it, and
that is from plenty of wholesome food,
well digested?' It Is not what we eat.
but what we digest that does us good.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold
by druggists at 50 cents for full-size
package.
Little book on cause and cure of
stomach troubles mailed free by ad-
dressing F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall.
Mich.
ONLY ONE WAY
TO PURIFY THE BLOOD, INCREASE
FLESH* AND STRENGTH AND
TO CURE INDIGESTION.
SECRET PATENT MEDICINES WILL
NOT DO IT.
There Is a Simpler and Better Way.
There is only one way to purify the
blood, only one way to increase flesh,
and that is through the stomach and
digestive organs. Why? Because the
stomach and digestive organs make
blood and flesh, bone, nerves and
sinew. Did you ever see a person blessed
with a healthy, vigorous stomach and
digestion who had impure blood,
muddy, sallow complexion, or who had
weak nerves, sleepless nights and the
thousand and one pains and aches aris-
ing from poor digestion? No; because
perfect digestion converts the food
free. Address F. A. Stuart Co., Mar-
shall, Mich.
ARE YOU THIN?
Do You Want to Become Flesh j?
A FEW SIMPLE RULES.
Flesh and Not Fat Is What Is Needed.
What thin people want Is flesh, and
not fat. To be symmetrical and prop-
erly nroportioned every person should
have a certain amount of flesh. To be
plump does not necessarily mean to be
fat. Fat is undesirable; it clogs and re-
tards the action of every muscle, Inter-
feres with the healthy action of th^
heart and lungs, and when excessive
predisposes to fatty degeneration of
vital organs, to say nothing of the dis-
comfort, more or less, resulting from
excessive adipose tissue.
Common sense would suggest that if
one wishes to become fleshy and plump
the thins most needed would be flesh-
forming foods; in other words, album-
inous foods, like eggs. beef, oatmeal.
etc. The kinds < f food that make flesh,
are the foods that form the greater
part of our daily bill of fare.
Now, the only reason so many peo-
ple remain thin is because their stom-
achs do not properly and completely
digest and assimilate the fiesh-formins
beefsteak and eggs we eat every day.
There are thousands of such people,
and they are really dyspeptic, although
they may not suffer any particular
rain or inconvenience from their stoin-
achs. If such persons would take, with
their meals, some preparation like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets the food
would be quickly digested, and the
proper degree of plumpness very soon
secured, because these tablets are pre-
pared exactly for that purpose. They
will digest every variety of flesh-form-
ing food, which is the sole reason why
they so quickly build up and
strenethen thin, dyspeptic men and
women.
Stuart's Dysp-psia Tablets cure dys-
pepsia and every form of indigestion
on this common-sense plan, that they
digest the food promptlv. givinsf
strength to every nerve and organ of
the body, while at th» same time tho
stomach has a chance to rest and re-
cover its natural vigor. Nothing fur-
ther is required cure any stomach
trouble.'or to make thin, dyspeptic peo-
ple strong, olump and well.
This excellent preparation is manu-
factured by F. a. Stuart L'o.. Marshall.
Mich., ami sold by drugsrists every-
where at 50 cents per package.
FREE TO MIL LIONS.
A Valuable Little Book Sent Free for
the Askinsr.
eaten Into pure blood, strong nerves
and muscles, and all the flesh a person
needs to have for health, symmetry and
beauty.. /
Every person ' knows . whether or not
his or her digestion Is what. It should
be, but every person does not know
what Is the safest and best way to se-
cure and preserve a healthy condition
of the digestive organs. It is not done
by the use of any wonderful secret pat-
ent medicine, but by the use of certain
harmless digestive principles, which,
taken at meals, will digest the food
anyway, regardless of the weak condi-
tion of the stomach.
Dr. Brooks recommends a combina-
tion of vegetable essences, fruit salts,
pure aseptic pepsin and Golden Seal,
prepared in convenient tablet form, and
sold by druggists everywhere under the
name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
These pleasant tasting tablets are to
be dissolved in the mouth after each
m«al, and. mingling in the food in the
Btomach. digest it perfectly. There Is
nothing wonderful about this. Any
physician or chemist knows that
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will do this
because repeatedly tested and proved,
and thousands of cured dyspeptics have
found it to be true also.
Dr. Harlandson states that these tab-
lets Increase flesh because they digest
flesh-forming food like eggs, meat and
; ordinary every-day food; for the same
reason they purify the blood and
strengthen weak nerves. In no other
I way can it be done, because flesh, blood
and nerves are obtained from the food
i we eat.
Dr. Jennison once stated that he be-
lieved a, 50-cent package of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets would give more real
benefit than fifty dollars' worth of or-
dinary doctor's fees.
These tablets may be found at any
drug store. V'
HEART DISEASE.
SOME FACTS REGARDING THE
RAPID INCREASE OP HEART
TROUBLES.
Do Not Be Alarmed, But Look for
the Cause.
Heart troubles, at least among Amer-
icans, are certainly increasing, and
while this may be largely due to the
excitement and worry of American bus-
iness life, It Is more often the result of
weak stomachs, of poor digestion.
Real, organic heart disease is incur-
able; but not one case In a hundred of
heart trouble is organic
The close relation . .between ..heart
trouble and poor digestion is because
both organs are controlled by branches
of the same great nerves, the Sympa-
thetic and Pneumogastric.
In another way also the heart Is af-
fected by /that form of poor digestion
which causes . gas and fermentation
from half-digested food; there is a* feel-
ing of oppression and heaviness in, the
chest, caused by pressure of the dis-
tended stomach on the heart and lungs.
Interfering with their cction; hence
arise palpitation and short breath.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood,
makes it thin and watery, which Irri-
tates and weakens the heart.
The most sensible treatment for
heart trouble is to Improve the diges-
tion and to Insure the prompt assimi-
lation of food.
This can best be done by the regular
use after meals of some safe, pleasant
and effective digestive preparation, like
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which may
be found at most drug stores, and
I which contain valuable, harmless di-
gestive elements in a pleasant, con-
venient form. "
¦ It Is safe to say that the regular
persistent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets at meal time will cure any
form of stomach trouble except cancer
of the stomach.
Full-sized package of thi tablets sold
by druggists at 50 cents.
Little book on stomach trouble mailed
Medical books are not always inter-
esting reading, especially to people en-
joying good health, fcut as a matter of
fact scarcely one person In ten Is per-
fectly healthy, and even with such,
sooner or later sickness must come.
It is also a well-established truth
that nine-tenths of all diseases orig-
inate with the breaking-down of the di-
gestion; a weak stomach weakens and
impoverishes the system, making it
easy for disease to gain a footholdi.
Nobody need fear consumption, kid-
ney disease, liver trouble or a weak
heart and nervous system as Ions aa
the digestion is good and the stomach
able to assimilate plenty of whalesoma
food.
Stomach weakness shows itself in a
score of ways, and this little book de-
scribes the symptoms and causes and
points the way to cur? to simple that
any one can understand and apply.
•Thousands have some form of stom-
ach trouble and do not know it. They
ascribe the headache, the languor, ner-
vousness, insomnia, palpitation, consti-
pation and similar symptoms to somo
other cause than the true one. Oet
your digestion on the right track and
the heart trouble, lung trouble, liver
disease or nervous debility will rapidly
disappear.
This little book treats entirely on the
cause and removal of indigestion and
its accompanying annoyances.
It describes the symptoms of Art*
Dyspepsia, Xervous Dyspepsia. Slow
Dyspepsia. Amylaceous Dyspepsia, Ca-
tarrh of the Stomach, and all afflictions
of the digestlv- organs in plain lan-
guage, easily understood, and the causo
removed.
It Rives valuable suggestions as tc*
diet, and contains a table giving length,
of time required to digest various arti-
cles of food, something every person
with weak digestion should know.
No price Is asked, but simply sendT
your name and address, plainly writ-
ten on postal card, to F. A. Stuart Co.,
Marshall, Mich., requesting a little book!
on Stomach diseases, and It will be sent
promptly by return mall.
1 Dogs ..Dyspepsia I
jg| They do net have Dyspepsia C^
]?3 because the stomach of a dog ?9
Mcrttu six times as much pepsin 5£h
Cg and twice as much hydrochloric Rr
!?J add as the stomach ola mm. 159
j§ STUART'S §
§ DYSPEPSIA I
g TABLETS §
IgjC have cored thousands of m«j and v»
fc^ women of Dyspepsia and Indigestion
5a JjJ^M^O^y supplv what every weak |ft
?«^ ach M lacks: hydrochloric and C*
$K lactic acids, pure aseptic pepsin, jrin- %25
ger and Goften Seal to Increase the r^
secretion cf sascrlc Juices. They euro <"**
5^ ferrous Dyspepsia, sour Stomach. «?S
£$v C.as and 1-ermentatlon. Biliousness, vi
SET Sgesiocu 011 ° r any t0Im °* weaJi £k
nUXSZH) PACKAGES Sfc AT DRUQOISIS. S
F. A. STUART CO.. Msnhmtl. M kh. 3
{ggk for freo book on stomach troubles. HSi* Alluring posters .were recently dis
played, in the gun shops in the "Wash
ington; navy, yard, but were quickly re
moved I and destroyed by the naval au
thorities. The '-. posters offered j employ
ment to skilled machinists at a pay of
$1700 a year while,; employed in Japan
and free , transportation out and t-eturn
when their work was finished. The-In
cident was reported to the Navy De
partment, and finally reached the State
Department, which latter made in
quiries at the Japanese legation,- but no
information was secured beyond the
fact . that the : Japanese Government is
not employing machinists.
expenses due to authorized traveling
from London to Genoa, including sub
sistence, will be paid. Upon discharge
each man will be provided with a free
passage to the place where he came
from and will be entitled to draw his
pay until he is due at the place by con
tinuous traveling. In event that the
country under whose flag the ship is
sailing goes to war the captain is in
structed to discontinue the voyage and
discharge the crew at the earliest op
portunity. ;
JAPAN BIDS FOR YANKEES.
¦ This week 25 per cent reduction* oh
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. •
LONDON, Jan-. 24.— The condition of
the Stock Exchange for the past week
seems to indicate the possibility of a
boom should the far Eastern crisis be
settled peacefully, j Almost all prices
showed recovery, although business
was very moderate. One of the chief
features of the week .was the strength
of the American market, both for bonds
and shares, which were bought largely
from the United States and Germany.
Berlin operators are still highly optim
istic regarding peace between Russia
and Japan, but the confidence in Am
erican securities appears to be based
upon the belief that a localized war
wc-uld greatly benefit the trade in the
United States and British Railways.
Foreign securities, including Japanese,
Chinese and Russians, all participated
in the recovery. The only exception
was the Kaffir market, where there was
complete stagnation.
American Securities In Demand.
SALINAS, Jan. 24.— James McCoey
Morocojo. a section foreman on the
Pajaro Valley Railroad, and one of the
laborers were held up by a footpad
two miles from Cooper switch last
night and robbed of all their money
After securing the booty the highway
man ordered them to drive on and
Jumped into the shrubbery. A Sheriff's
posse is searching for him.
Footpad Tak«-s Their Money.
Kenneth Harper, Denied Entry to This
Country* Is Subjected to Further
Humiliation. .
HONOLULU, Jan. 24.— William R.
Hoare.. the British Consul, has begun
an investigation of the charge of dis
courteous treatment made by Kenneth
Harper, who x went to San Francisco
from Auckland, New Zealand, to ac
cept a position in a bank, but was not
allowed to land under the provisions of
the contract labor law. He was order
eS, deported on the steamship Sonoma.
While the steamship was in the port
of Honolulu Harper was placed In jail
for safe keeping. The investigation is
being made at the instance of Premier
Seddon of New Zealand.
LOCKED IN HONOLULU'S
JAIL FOR SAFE KEEPING
The British battleship Hindustan was
launched December 19 at the Clydebank
shipyard, and another battleship, the
New Zealand, is to go into the water at
the end of February, and three others
of the same type, named King Edward
VII, Dominion and Commonwealth, are
approaching completion. They are of
16,350 tons normal displacement, 18,000
horsepower and eighteen knots speed.
The Hindustan was begun October 23.
1902, and her launching weight was 8000
tons, or 80 per cent of the calculated
completed total weight. The New Zea
land, building at the Portsmouth dock
yard, was laid down February 9, 1903,
and if launched as intended next month
will make a better record for rapid
construction than the contract*built
ship. "
The two armored cruisers recently
purchased from the Argentine republic
by Japan were manned by about 120
British officers and . crew, % shipped
through the shipping registry office in
London. The commanding officers are
Captains Lea and Poynter, said to be
retired "officers in the royal ¦ navyCr The
agreement signed by the members: of
the crew stipulates • that they shall
serve until twenty-four hours after ar
rival at Yokohama, or any intermediate
port if discharged by the captain. Two
months' wages are guaranteed and all
The British battleship Prince of
Wales passed through her three stream
trials last month without a hitch. She
is a sister ship to the Queen. Identical
in all particulars except boilers, which
are of the Belleville type in the Prince
of Wales and Babcock . . ''Wilccx in
the Queen. The latter ship was also
tried last month and while the horse-:
power and speed developed was prac
tically the same for the two ships there
was considerable difference in the coal
consumption, greatly in favor of the
Babcock Sz Wilson boiler. The figures
for the Belleville boilers amounted dur
ing the three trials under horsepower
of 312S, 11,669 and 15,364, to 2.21, 2.0S and
2.02 pounds, respectively, per unit of
horsepower. The Queen consumed only
1.84, 1.61 and 1.76 pounds of coal per
horsepower during the three trials un
der 203S. 11.670 and 15,556 horsepov/er.
The Babcock & W'ilcox type is evi
dently much better adapted for vessels
of war because of Its simplicity, the
accessibility of all its parts and the
economic results, and in the introduc
tion of this type of boilers in the ships
of- the United States navy, the Bureau
of Steam Engineering made a wise
selection.
Twenty-nine vessels, comprising five
classes, passed through their steam
trials in the British navy during 190o.
namely, four battleships, eight armored
cruisers, one protected ; cruiser, one
sloop and fifteen torpedo-boats. In the
United States one battleship, one moni
tor, four protected cruisers, two de
stroyers, one tropedo-boat and five sub
marine boats, a total of fourteen ves
sels, passed through their trials.
BRITAIN'S NEW WARSHIPS.
The names of forty-seven out of fifty
four Russian torpedo-boat-destroyer3
were recently changed, for some un
known reason, and this change of
names has given rise to the belief that
Russia was endeavoring to mystify
other nations as to its naval move
ments. Sucn a ruse could not very well
succeed, as none of the new names are
borne by other vessels in the Russian
navy, and because the several naval
authorities are too , thoroughly posted
on the number an«T types of the navies 1
o- all countries to be deceived by «.
mere change of name. Russian names
receive spellings in foreign countries
that would puzzle a Russian. The new
nomenclature shows no improvement in
brevity, and it is difficult to understand
why the destroyer Skabe has been re
christened Btezpodshtchadni, and the
name of the Nyrock altered into Pora
geaconchty.
COAL-SAVING BOILERS.
staff # is that of the creation of two
vice admirals, the natural inference
being that these high grade titles will
be conferred in 1905 upon the officers
heading the list of rear admirals, who
are Evans and Taylor. Thus, while the
general staff scheme may have for its
ultimate object the general welfare of
the navy, it looks as if its inception
was due to individual interest.
one of the bondholder?, however,
wrjo has been prominently associated
with the opposition to the" Schwab in
terests, said no proposal offered by
Schwab or the Schwab interests could
be listened to or considered unless he
agreed to these three things:
First — The invalidation of certain
bonds 5ch«mb now holds, amounting to
about 510,000,000.
Second— Thf» election of a new board
of directors of which Schwab is not U
have control for three years.
Third— Placing the trust on its feet
by the issuance of $3,000,000 bonds,
ready money which would be needed,
which Schwab wants to take at a 20
per cent discount, or at 80. but which
he must take at par.
If Schwab cannot take up these three
proposals, no compromise is possible.
Schwab has had this offer under con-
Fidoration, or at least he has heard of
it, but he has made no answer to it.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.— Samuel Untei •-
rr.eyer declined to-day to make pubJia
any reply on behalf of the bondhold
ers' protective committee of the United
States Shipbuilding Company to the
plans of compromise proposed by
Schwab and his associates.
Proposition Involves IDs Practical Re-
tireinent I'roni the Trust for
Three Year*.
OPPOSITION" OFFERS
COMPROMISE TO SCHWAB
One of Rear Admiral Taylor's propo
sitions in connection with the general
The greatest and most effective oppo
sition to the general staff scheme of the
navy will come from the Senate Naval
Committee, of which Senator Hale has
been the chairman for fifteen years.
Other Senators and Representatives
will join him to defeat the plan of
Rear Admiral Taylor, which would
seriously encroach on the prerogatives
of Congress and the Secretary of the
Navy, and there is no chance of suc
cess of the scheme unless it is shorn of
all its objectionable features. The pro
posed scheme is simply a resurrection
of the Board of Navy Commissioners,
which existed from 1815 to 1842, and
then succumbed, to "dry rot." It was
succeeded by the bureau system.
The line officers of the navy, and
especially those who have been located
in Washington for many years, have
at f reauent intervals agitated for a re
turn to the old system, which gave ihc
line such enormous power to directly
and indirectly manage affairs of the
navy, with an eye chiefly toward In
dividual benefit. It is claimed that the
proposed general staff scheme has been
planned for the purpose of providing a
number of naval officers and their ad
herents, in Washington, with high posi
tions and the resultant elevated ranks
and increased pay. It is alleged that
the two brothers-in-law. Rear Admirals
Taylor and Evans, are the chief pro
motors. Taylor, who is Chief of the
Bureau of Navigation, and retires
March 4. 1907. is slated for a cruise
before retirement, and Evans, whose re
turn to Washington is due next April,
•will want a position of greater import
ance than that of President of the
Lighthouse Board. Evans having
served his yiota at sea is, therefore,
entitled to shore duty until his retire
ment in August. 1908. In the meantime
Admiral Dewey. now over 66 years of
age, will probably retire, leaving Evans
and Taylor as the two ranking officers
Iri the navy. v
TAYLOR'S SCHEME.
The line officers of the United States
navy are unanimously of the opinion
that the present organization of the
Navy Department is unsatisfactory
and that a general staff, somewhat
similar to that recently introduced in
the army, is needed. Rear Admiral
Henry C. Taylor has formulated a plan
which has been approved by all the
line. officers in Washington, but Secre
tary Moody does not give it his un
qualified approval, and certain Sena
tors and Representatives are known to
be opposed to the radical changes pro
posed. The plan is to have the general
staff, to be composed of the admiral,
real admirals and other high grade
officers, assume the responsibility of
determining the wants of the navy, to
prepare plans of defense and campaign,
to determine the types of ships wanted
and the strength of the personnel and
to have general direction and control
of the administration of the navy
afloat and ashore. The several exist
ing bureaus are to be continued, but
are to be under the control and direc
tion of members of the general staff.
Under such a reorganization the Sec
retary would become a mere figurehead
and the bureau chiefs of special scien
tific training mere advisers to the gen
eral staff, entitled to no credit, but
held responsible as under present con
ditions for possible failures.
There does not appear to be any ne
cessity for such a radical reorganiza
tion. The present general board, ap
pointed by the Secretary of the Navy,
is performing the duties of advising
the Secretary on all matters pertaining
to material, personnel and affairs in
general, though it does not exercise
control, and the department has the
benefit of the opinions of the bureau
chiefs interested with the design and
construction of ships, machinery and
ordnance. The intervention of mili
tary officers, having no intimate
knowledge in scientific and mechanical
branches, would only lead to confusion
and general dissatisfaction and thus
defeat the very object for which the
general staff is assumed to be neces
sary.
SENATOR HALE WILL OPPOSE.
CHIEF OF THE BUREAU OF NAVIGATION IN UNCLE SAM'S /SER
VICE WHO IS FOSTERING THE NAVAL' REORGANIZATION
SCHEME. WHICH SECRETARY MOODY. DOES NOT APPROVE.
VIENNA, Jan. 24. — Reports are being
persistently published that Archduke
Ferdinand Charles, nephew of Emperor
Francis Joseph, and brother of the heir
presumptive to the throne, Archduke
Fraflcis Ferdinand, is determined to
marry Bertha Czuber, daughter of a
professor of mathematics in Vienna
University, and it is even asserted
that the wedding has been fixed for
February 13 at Dresden.
An official paper, the Magyar Nem
zet, however, declares that these re
ports should be received with the ut
most reserve. It says, also, that Em
peror Francis Joseph, without whose
consent it is Inconceivable that the
Archduke will contract such a union,
has never been approached on the sub
ject, and that it is impossible to fore
tell what, his decision would be in case
the proposition, reached him. Accord
ing to all reports the nearest relatives
of the Archduke are doing their utmost
to persuade him to abandon the pro
ject, but as to the result of their efforts
the reports are conflicting.
Nephew or Francis Joseph Will Not
Forego Ills Ix)ve for-Profes
• sor's Daughter.
ARCHDUKE DETERMINED
TO WED A COMMONER
Everything that is new and good and
moderate In price in trunks, valises,
dress suit cases, traveling sets, now in
stock. Lettered in gold free o£ charge.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street.*
Trunks and Valises.
The King and Queen of Sweden and
Norway have contributed 51500 to a re
lief fund and all the other members of
the royal family have subscribed. A
majority cf the inhabitants of the town
lost everything they possessed and only
in a' very. few cases were the damages
covered by. insurance. Thousands of
persons had to spend twenty-four hours
in the open fields, where they were
without food and exposed to a bitterly
cold wind and a driving rain storm.
It is believed now that enly three
persons lost their lives. Succor has ar
rived from Molde, -Bergen and other
places and provisions are being dis
tributed. Relief committees have been
formed and have invited public sub
scriptions.
AALESUND, Norway, Jan. 24.— The
fire which swept over this town yester
day morning destroyed every building
in it with the exception of the hospital.
The 11.000 inhabitants of Aalesund were
compelled to camp in the open, as only
a few damaged and uninhabitable
houses were left standing. The chil
dren of the town had to be housed
temporarily in the church, at Bcrgiind.
The panic among the residents was
'so great after the outbreak of the
flames that all attempts at leadership
or discipline became out of the ques
tion. No excesses, however, were com
mitted. The people first endeavored to
save some of their property, but they
i soon found they had quite enough to
do. to save their own lives. The de
struction of the town was complete
within a couple of hours from the time
j the fire started.
More than twenty steam fishing boats
and many sailing smacks were sunk in
the harbor in order to save them from
I the flames^ but three steamships and
I many sraaPks were burned.
Pass Many Hours in Open Fields
Without Food and Exposed
to ii Driving: Rainstorm
Bishop Innocent is a young man, be
ing now in his thirty-sixth year, and
«s a hieromonach has done much mis
sionary work in this country. He is an
Knglish scholar and is thoroughly fa
miliar with American conditions. At
'the time of his selection as Bishop
• oadjutor of Alaska he was abbot of
the Monastery of the Miracle at Mos
cow. Bishop Innocent is expected to
arrive here early in February and will
proceed immediately to Alaska.
The see of the governing Bishop will
remain for the present in San Francis
co, but it is proposed in the near fu
ture to transfer it to New York, which
possesses in the Cathedral of St. Nicho
las, in East Ninety-seventh street, the
finest Russian church in America.
• ' NEW YORK, Jan. 24.— Right Rev.
-.Tikhon, Russian orthodox Bishop of
" Korth America, is among the passen
gers' on tho Auguste Victoria, which
. v. as reported off Nantuckct this morn
ing and xvill reach her dock early to
ruorrow. The Bishop is returning from
.an extended visit in Russia, -where he
-tvent in the Interests of the Russian
..church in America. Simultaneously
¦with his arrival the announcement is
'n-.ade that the synod has decided to
• create a new Episcopal see in Alaska,
•with a Bishop coadjutor, and that Right
Rev. Innocent has been appointed to
the position. The creation of the new
"see was demanded by the growth of
the Russian church in this country.
During the past five years the number
of its parishes and its congregations
have been doubled, and the enormous
•territory which the American mission
.rovers made it impossible for Bishop
Tikhon to care for it alone. His diocese
Includes a: I North America and the
Aleutian Islands, and the necessity for
a Bishop coadjutor has been made more
* pressing by the general movement on
the part of the Austrian and Hungarian
Slavs of the Roman-Uniate confession,
who have been immigrating to America
Jn large numbers, to return to the east
ern orthodox confession, from which
they were separated in the seventeenth
and eighteenth centuries. This re
ligious movement had its origin largely
In the eastern part of Bishop Tikhon's
vast diocese, and as it demanded his
personal attention and care he repre
sented to the holy synod the necessity
of a coadjutor in Alaska. His repre
sentations wore successful, and Bishop
Innocent will have his residence in Sit
ka, which until ISI'2 was the cathedral
tov n of the Rus-sion orthodox mission.
.Governing Seat at San Francis
co Will in a Short Time
f Be Removed to New York
BISHOP TIKH0N RETURNS
THOUSANDS ARE HOMELESS
*
Hospital the Only Structure
* Thafc Is Left Standing in the
Norwegian' Town of Aalesund
Its Success Would Provide Snug Berths for
Him and His Brother-in-Law, "Fighting
Bob" Evans, Upon Dewey's Retirement
Russian Church Will Assign
Rev. Innocent to New See
With Headquarters at Sitka
ALASKA GIVEN
A COADJUTOR
FLAMES SPARE
ONE BUILDING
REAR ADMIRAL TAYLOR PROMOTES
NAVAL REORGANIZATION SCHEME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY/JANUARY 25. 1904.
3
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
"iBTTraENciT
The Most Patient San Francisco Citizen
Must Show Annoyance at Times.
Nothing- spoils a good disposition.
Nothing' taxes a man's patience
L.ik#» any itehiness of the skin.
I tolling: Piles almost drive you crazy.
All day it makes sou miserable.
Ml nigrht It keeps you awake.
Itch. Itch. Itch, with no relief.
Jut.* the same with Eczema.
Can hardly keep from scratching it.
You would do so, but you know it
makes it worse.
8urh miseries arc <3a!ly decreasing.
Peoplo are learning they can be cured
learning the merit of Doan's Oint-
rar-nt.
•Plenty of proof that Doan's Ointment
will cur<* Piles, Eczema or any itehiness
of «he ekin.
Road Hie testimony of a San Francisco
.citizen:
Mrs. A. F. Wick of 3*4 Tay street
Bays: "For ten years I had attacks of
eczema <»n the back of my hand. It broke
out between the knuckles, causing a
soreness and itching:. When the attacks
occuried I used internal and external
rn'-dk-irK'S »nd paid as much as a dollar
a box for ointments and salves and con-
sulted physicians, but never knew the
moment when the Ekin disease would re-
turn. L>oan's Ointment stopped the last
attack. Durinp the last six months
there has not been a. symptom or a. re-
currence."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c. Fos-
tcf-Milburn Co.. Buffalo, N. Y., sole
agents for the United States.
IV ¦member the name. Doau's. and take
no otlu-r. i * ,-¦
You can get - on without
schilling's Best
*«* b*VJxf powd«r apices
ccffw flaTcrfcj extract! tod*
of course; but why should you?
: < ADVERTISEMENTS. _ _ ; l^T:*'
WithStyletoThem
they know exactly what they want when T^^^^^^k
going; to buy clothes. Critical men can *$?&&&&': •"'^^P^J^MB|
come here with a preconceived idea of si •'*^§f^^S^SI^,
what they want and their desires. will be u^'i^'f^^JmjI^M^S^^Kk
satisfied in every detail. The only thing :'S^'^Jft^fflM^^BH
jhat they will find different from what '
they had expected will be the price. We £V.;;V * - : '.:j^^^^^^^^p^|
make clothes to order for about one-third
less than other tailors. The proof is in W
shoulders and under the arms and they f^feS^i^S-rSJ^B^^Bflft
drape prop?rly in the back; the vests Lg/w ¦vSgr^ru^^^^fflT
button snugly and hold their shapes, as
they should; the trousers have the proper i^i^^^^^^SlfsKSK^s
¦hang— :hey break neatly over the shoe, |f^?"rr*Ti ' -^jLwBBttaJ
drop gracefully from the thigh and fit 1$^ ' .. ''j^ mlwl
comfortably around the waist. I>'-"'-r ' '"IrjHiBL
They are good clothes, and among I ' j^kiliSroBk,
their greatest virtues is the price. The
prices range from $10.00 to $45.00. /feS^fe^^
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town Q r .-:.;: ; -' " :V|. . " • " ~V '^^^^>3H : i^k.
customers— send for blank and samples. ,' fy'X'' :^£; '" I .- \ SSS^-' TB^^k
Cor. Powell and Jbday otreets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Printing
Developing
My Kodak Developing and Printing are
hisrh class in all respects, ¦while my prices
are lower than those of anybody else in
the business. I set the pace. Give me a
trial order and you'll continue to have me
do this work for you. Here are a few
prices:
PRINTING:
Polio finish 3c to ."c
Velox nnish 3c to Uc
DEVELOPING:
Roll of si* ...."lOc
Roll of twelve 15c
Full line of fresh Kodak ' Films always
on hand. Order by mail if you are out of
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
IOCS Market St.. above Powell, San Francisco
— 1 _
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
AMUSEMENTS.
f*ftl IIMDI A SA.1 FRMCISCO'3
2 We»ks, Beginning — -
TO-HISHT (Monday) / N TZ
Messrs. Shubert. Nix- _\
• on and Zimmerman's V <*^
GORGEOUS r*m I
PRESENTATION. ' VM J
INTEBNATIOIT-
ax. musicai. ,o£»la\
CO3IEDY TBI. i JKHHtI
T7MFK. fflmPS&r
CHINESE ®P
HONEYMOON.
CALIFORNIA
•'1 TO-KIQHT
—THE BIG EVEKT
MR. EDWARD MORGAN
And the entire original cast, exactly as seen
during the five months' run at the. Victoria
Theater,
IX HALL. CAINE'S LATEST MASTERPIECE,
THE
ETERNAL
V— *< ft 1 X •
SPECIAL PRICES— $1. 50. $1.00. 75c. 50c, 25c.
Matinee prices same as for evening per-
formances.
I I VVLl HOUSE.
THIRD WEEK OF THE GREAT SUCCESS,
When Johnny
Comes Marching Home,
A Military Spectacular Comic Opera by Stan-
islaus Stance and Julian
Martial Music! Pictiiresoue Scenery! North-'
ern Soldiers and Southern Sweethearts:
MATINEE SATURDAY.
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
X&otimiAn
\ Pure, P«Ie and Sparkling. Bottled
( Ody «t the Brewery In St. Louts.
I SOLD EVERYWHERE.
1 iilLBBIST MEKCAST1LE CO..
% Pacine Coast Agents.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
dMUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A fife lSSlUASrcST. i*!'..6:t*.7a;3.r.Ci!. 0
\ The Lirrest Anatomical Museum in the \
A mj_A_im. 6 »'d- "eakne»»es of an» c»ijtr»cte<l A
7 fSsIIW <!ile » se ¦w»l«l»*lj rmrm* tiyth* o'Jeit Y
0 ' Jg» jgj 1 Lpeeiatut on tke Ccitt. Eit. 36 years. O
A 4§¥f fl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
»fiifc^B Con«u!t«tion (ire mud »t.-:ot!» pnratt. \
u I iV<0K H Tr«*:meni prr!Or.*!ly or by Iftter. A Q
\ fl W Till 1 '"" CvT *"> fe:y csseunJrruken. T
Aon 11 A Wnte for Biolc. PniLOKOrnV.I A
V I (I ]* MAKniAGK. MAILKD *RfcS. ( A X
X . n ih wlutble book for ra^a) : ¦ \
V DB. JOBDAN A<:O.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F.V
ASTHMANOLA
In Preparation— "THE GYPSY BARON."
T'sual Popular Prices 23c, 50c and 75c
Box Seats <l.00
4 T.n A rj * T^ Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR sbss
General Manager.
ONE OF THE GREAT PLAYS.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUX..
TO C By Ilenr y
rl r .Arthur Jone«. «L H
MASQUERADERO
A Vital and Powerful- Exposition of the
Passions.
Eves., -3c to 75c. Mats. Sat. and Sun. 15c to SOc.
Next Monday — First San Francisco produc-
tion, the romantic comedy,
A COLONIAL GIRL,
In r.-hich Virginia Harned appeared.
MNTRAL*!?
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of th»
Greatest of All Historical Dramas.
QUO VADIS
150-PEOPLE IN' CAST— 130.
New Scenery! Gorgeous Costumes!
Brilliant Electrical Effects!
PRTCES — Evenings, 10c to 50c. Matinees,
10c. 15c. 25c.
NEXT— "EAST LYXXE." . .'"V
la the only cure for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA*
Your DruCEist or at i'JS 1IAIGHT ST..
San Francisco. Cal. •
BAD WAT'S BEADY BELIEP has stood
unrivaled before the public. for 60 years as a.
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures ail Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza,- Bron-
rhltl.". * Pneumonia. -Rheumatism. '"Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
(or Malaria and all Bowel Fain. All drucslsu.
Racing llpllll^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing January 4.
Racine Each Week Day. Rain or Shine.
_. Six or More Baces Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market ¦ «treet. at 12.
12:30. l:C0, 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No imoklnz In
last two cars, which ira reserved for ladles
and their escort*.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILUAMS. President.
PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
Matinee Saturday— This Wcik Only—
Everybody Delighted I
IA/. hi. TURNER
In Julius Cahn's Successful Production,
DAVIDHARUM
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATIN EB
Joseph Arthur's Latest Success,
LOST RIVER.
VSUAX, POPTOAB PBICXS.
A PRODIGIOUS PROGRAMME!
Johnny and Emma Ray; Cordaa and
Maud; Duffy. Sawtelle and Daffy;
- 1 [olden and Florence: Stein- Ere tt<»
I'amlly: Stanley and Wilson: Kelly
nnd Violctte: Irving Jones, and Or*
pheum Motion Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 25c
and 50c.
Everlasting | Success
...THE BEAUTY SHOP,,,
Could Run All the Tear.
Th» Hit of Musical Comedy Hit*,
Brilliantly Witty Dialoeues.
Delightfully Catchy Music. \
Entrancing Scenes. *
The "Only All Star" Cast.
Same Saturday and Sunday Majtineet,
SAME POPl'LAP. PRICES.
Monday. February S — "ROLT POLY."
First Appearance of MISS NELLJE LTNCO.
DEAVES' MERRY MANIKINS
Aad a Great Show Every Afternoon aaA
"Eveninsr in ta» Heated Theater.
AMEniCAN. CHINESE AND PHILIPPINE
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATOU3.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Maze.
BABT IE0PAED TSt THE ZOO I
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c: Children. 5c.
When Phoning. A»k for "The Chutea."
MISgEU.ANEOT/3 AMTT8IMEHT3.
LYRIC HALL..
Four Grand Evening Concerts Given by the
RIVELA ROYALIT ALIAN BAND
Marches, overtures and selections from the
most popular Italian and German operas.
WEDNESDAY. January '/7th: THURSDAY,
28th: FRIDAY. 20th. and SATURDAY. 30th.
at BtlS p. m.
Seats 50c and 75c". Nour on sale at Sher-
man & Clay's Music Store.
PaiarA DON'T FAIL TO
lUlUUW gee the beastifal
* COURT Lounging
flflfl . room, thi EMPIRE
ailU f PARLOR, th«
n i PALM ROOM, the
linifid LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR. and th« LA-
O . t DIES* WRITING
Hotels rqom v
ififtlERCES
fO£? FAVORITE
HKKCRIPTION
IB. FOR WEAK WOMEN.
IA/. T. HESS.
Notary Public aad Attoraey-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckals bldf.
) ¦ Telephone Mala &S3.
Residence. 821 California St.. below PowvU.
Residence Teleohone Jamu U"1.SANTA ROSA, Jan. 24.— Antonio- Fran
chetti was thrown from a surrey this afternoon
in front of the L'nita Hotel, .on, West Sixth
street, and received injuries from which death
may result. The horses were frightened by. a
locomotive, ¦¦ . _
ROME, Jan. 24.— Monslgnor Seraflno. "the
new ' Apostolic Delegate in Mexico, has been
received in farewell audience by the Pope, and
was entrusted to express to President Diaa and
the Mexican Government the Pope's satisfac
tion with the measures of liberty granted under
President Diax to Catholicism In Mexico, which
hac resulted in the prosperity of the church
there."
Suit Against' Plumbcrs\Association.
EUREKA, Jan. 24.—George Havvkes,
proprietor of a plumbing establishment
in this city/has brought suit against
the several firms and corporation com
prising the Masters Plumbers' Associa
tion of Eureka, in which:he asks $21.
000 damages. He charges.that the de
fendants have entered "into a con
spiracy, to,: enhance -, % the cost of
plumbing .material. from 20 to 200 per
cent • and control . all .contracts, for
plumbing in Eureka...He claims the as
sociation was secretly formed to drive
opposition'plumbersout of business.
Former Is Captnrrd.
POINT RICHMOND, Jan. 24.— Chas.
A. Bell, who is known by many differ
ent aliases and who Is wanted for for
gery in different places, was arrested
here by Deputy Sheriff Moitoza to-day.
Bell was driving: with a horse and
buggy, when Moitoza arrested him. He
.claimed to be a Mr. Smith of Berkeley,
but it was soon discovered that he was
the Bell who is wanted in Stockton,
Modesto and other places for forging
checks. It is believed that the horse
and buggy were stolen.
Woman Will Decorate a Hotel.
VANCOUVER. Jan. 24.— It is an
nounced that Mrs. Sayter Reid, a so
ciety leader of Quebec and well known
throughout Canada, will decorate the
new Hotel Vancouver In Victoria. It
is stated that her renumeration for the
commission will be 910,000.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 24.— Ev^ry
fence that stands on Government land
in Oregon must come down. • The peo
ple who erected the fences will have an
opportunity to remove them. "If they
do not comply with the order the Fed
eral authorities propcrse to cut the wire
and burn the posts. /
The carrying out of the Government's
edict in this regard will ruin- many
stockmen. John H. Hall, United States
District Attorney for Oregon, returned
from Washington last night with ex
plicit Instructions on the subject. ;
"All fences inclosing areas of the
public domain," said; Mr. Hall, "must
be removed. I explained to the author
ities at Washington th.at stockmen in
this and other States had been accus
"lomed to enclose .public land with fences
from very early days, that in many
cases ¦ they have become dependent on,
such enclosures and Hhat In the past
the Government has winked- at such
practices. My orders, received from' the
Department of 'the*. Interior, in reply;
leave me no alternative. I am instruct-
ed tcr remove 1 every fence without: ex
ception, and to enforce rigorously and
Impartially the laws against fires '-and
trespass . on public" domain. 'I am : to
have a!l the assistance I need and, my,
work, I -.understand, js to .be checked
up by inspectors of the department." :
•¦special Dispatch to The Call
The wedding" of Miss Fern Smith and II. P
Grren took place Friday evenln* at the home
?>f the bride's parents, Mr. And Mrs. William
of 2«r» Grove street. The Rev. Edgar
\V. Work, •mrtor of the Firet Prenbyterlan
Church, officiated. The. sroom is encaged in
the <on. mission business In San Franclwo.
The mi mber* of the Park Congregational
Church rh'tlr tendered a surprise Friday even
in* to Mr. and Jin. Harry Kdwxrda at their
home. 3CC0 Grove stiwt. Barnes and other
diversion* «erved to pa«« away the time. The
rue£t« were Mr. ancj Mrs. A. T. Sutherland.
Mirs Grace Odger?. Mis* Harriet Odgers, Miss
Gertrude Od«m. Mire Grace Irwin. Miss
France* Irwin. MIm Carrie SU verwon. Mia*
Mabel Duncan, Thomas Ptevenaon Sr.. Thomas
Mevejwon Jr.. Doremus Scudder. A. Ifallamon,
1.. S. Rodeerz and George Johnson.
BEKKELEV, Jan. 24— The new« «jm» to
friend* in thi* city of the wedding In New
Orleans recently o£ Miss Florine Brackenrldge,
a g-raJuate of tJje Berkeley High School and a
member of the Alpha Sigma Sorority, and
Frederick Peake, a juung San Francisco butl
¦nm can. Tfw yount people we« ragaeed b»
fcre Miss rJrarkenrid«e and her mother, Mrs.
Harri't Drackenridge, left several months ago
for a Euroenan trip. A corregDondenre was
kept up between them and the repult of it all
via that th*-y a«ree<l to marry an *oon as
Mis* Braok«-nridee r»tunwd trom Kurope. Ac
cordingly he met mother and Jauslnrr Jn New
York *nd Jotirn«-y«l with ih«-m to the Hrack
enrldre homestrad n»ar New Orleans, where
the wedding ceremony wa* performed. Mr.
and Mm. Peake will rfslde In Berkeley.
This will be supplied in the resolu
tions'of Inquiry to he Introduced to
morrow as the. result of yesterday's
conference of Democratic Senators. A
number of addresses are still to be
made on both sides of the controversy,
and it is quite certain that the debate
will continue many' days.
It is understood that the amendments
to the treaty reported by the Commit
tee on ; Foreign Relations will be with
drawn before 'final action, is taken.
The House will devote practically the
entire week, to 'consideration of the
army and urgent deficiency appropria
tion bills. 1
WASHINGTON. Jan. 24— The Senate
has no programme for the week beyond
a continuation of the debate on the
Panama question. The fact that the
Gorman resolution of inquiry was dis
posed of last week does not change the
situation except that it makes.neces
sary a new basis for speeches.
New Resolutions Are Adopted
and the Greater Part of the
Week to Be Given to Debate
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Federal Authorities Insist On
Removal of Every Fence on
Government Land in Oregon
CHICAGO, Jan. 24.— Three suits for
a total of $330,000 have been filed in the
Circuit Court against P. N. Anderson
of this city. Nels O. Hultberg. a plain
tiff in one of the suits, seeks to recover
$500,000, while Dora Adams and Hanna
Hultberg ask for $15,000 each. Back of
the suits, according to the defendant,
is a story which had its beginning in
the Alaakan gold fields in 1898.
\When the rush for Alaska and the
Yukon was at its height Anderson was
one of the first to arrive at Nome, and
after prospecting for some time he lo
cated and filed the claim known as the
White Star property. He Incorporated
the White Star Mining Company with
a capital of $80,000. In 1900 he is said
to have sold his holdings in the com
pany for more than $1,000,000 and re
turned to the United States.
Nels' O. .Hultberg;, his wife and his
niece, Miss Dora Adams, claim to have
been the original prospectors at the
White Star mine, and Hultberg asserts
that; he struck gold in sufficient quan
tities to warrant working it and re
turned to Nome to file papers with the
land agent. He was delayed In reach
ing Nome and when he did apply at
the Government office he learned that
Anderson had already filed his claim.
Chicago Man and His Wife
and Niece Lay Claim to
the White Star Property
SENATE TO TALK
ABOUT PANAMA
SUE FOR RICH
MINE AT NOME
ORDER ALARMS
THE STOCKMEN
ALAMEDA. Jan. 24. — Diamond
snatchers and thieves have been dy
ing their illegal calling on the "thea
ter" ferry-boats from this city to San
Francisco during the last few days and
several persons have reported the loss
of sparkling gems from their cravats
and shirt boeoms.
Dr. Edward W. Christensen. a local
dentist, related to-day how he had
been jammed between two men while
walking off of a ferry-boat on the San
Francisco side last night shortly before
8 o'clock and how a diamond stud val
ued at $200 had been pulled from his
shirt front. The long wire clasp on
the jewel prevented the thief from ac
complishing his . purpose.
Dr. Christensen's shirt bosom was
ripped by the wire, but his gem was
saved. The dentist grabbed the man.
after freeing himself from the. fellow's
confederate, who shouldered into
Christensen and prevented him from
moving freely. In the tussle that en
sued the diamond snatcher broke away
and made his escape in the crowd.
PORCH CUMBER ROBS
HOME OF THEO. GIER
IIEAI> OF BRAKE3LW
SEVERED FROM BODY
Secures Silverware and Jewelry Thnt
Has Been in Family for Four
Generations.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.— A daring porch
climber effected an entrance Into the
home of Theo. Gier, president of the
Merchants' Exchange, at 913 Magnolia
street, between 7 and 12 o'clock last
nizht, while the family was out, and
secured more than $100 worth of silver
ware and jewelry.
The thief climbed a pillar supporting
the porch and went through a window
in the second story.
In regard to the robbery; Gier said:
"The silverware which was stolen hiis
been In my family for more than four
generations. For that reason I prized
it very highly." :;; ; , ; • ; -~-V
When a girl blushes the other girls
say: "Well, I like her cheek!"
J. J. Letter, a brakeman on the Santa
Fe, was killed near the little station
of Canejro, sixteen miles below Fresno,
yesterday. When the overland train
reached Fresno Letter was found to
be missing and a special engine was
sent back to see if any trace of him
could be found. The dead body was
found beside the track with the head
severed from the body. It is believed
that Letter fell from the train and
rolled under the wheels. He leaves a
wife and family in Stockton, to which
city the body was taken.
When near Merced, one of the driv-*
ing wheels on, the engine of the over
land broke off and rolled into a field.
The engine was wrecked, but no cars
left the track. Engineer E. Hobart
and -Mreman T. Cramer had a narrow
escape from death. The train was de
layed two hours and a special was run
from Stockton to Point Richmond for
local business. '',\r/v ? ;.i,_-
A missionary rally of the Episcopal
Sunday schools of Alameda- County
was held this afternoon at St. John's
Episcopal Church. -*"
Miss Eleapor Williams delivered an
address this evening in Welsh at the
Welsh Presbyterian Church on mission
ary work in London.
The Sunday school workers of Ala
meda County will hold a^reunlon Tues
day afternoon at the First Methodist
Church. During the first session there
.will be addresses by Professor Nash of
Berkeley, the Rev. Charles R. Brown,
the Rev. Madison Slaughter, Professor
L. D. Inskeep, the Rev. H. H. Bell and
C. R. Fisher. ¦
Supper will be served at 6:15 o'clock.
During the evening meeting the Rev.
George' W. White will- deliver an ad
dress on "The Child and the King
dom." The First Christian Church
choir, led by Dr. O. S. Dean, will sing
at the evening session.
Dr. John Coyle, presiding elder of
San Francisco district, i occupied the
pulpit to-day at the Eighth Avenue
Methodist Church.
"Religion in the Home" was the sub
ject of a sermon by the Rev. W. E.
Storey this evening at Tenth Avenue
Baptist Church.
Union evangelistic services are in
progress at Chester street Methodist
Church, under the direction of the Rev.
Madison Slaughter. Other West Oak
land pastors are co-operating in the
work. The meetings will continue fcrr
several months and will be distributed
through the churches at the West
End.
In connection with the revival move
ment in Oakland, noonday services
each Tuesday are being conducted for
the men at the Southern Pacific rail
road yards at West Oakland. The Rev.
Dwight E. Potter, pastor, of Union
street Presbyterian Church, inaugurat
ed these meetings.
Special meetings will be held this
week at the Centennial Presbyterian
Church, beginning Monday evening.
The Rev. George W. Stone, minister
of the First Unitarian Church, gave a
discourse this evening on "The Use of
the Bible."
The Right Rev. William Ford Nich
ols, Bishop of the diocese of California,
will officiate at the rite of confirmation
February 14 at St. Andrew's Episcopal
Church.
The Rev. Edson D. Hale preached
to-day at Plymouth Avenue Congrega
tional Church.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1118 Broadway; Jan. 24.
"Many of you have read the story
'Around the World in Eighty Days,'
and we will now start on a journey
around the world, starting in the far
East in the old city of Jerusalem,
where the first Christian church was
organized and whence it has extended
over all the world." . .
Mr. Walkley then told of the travels
of St. Paul, the conversion of Galatians,
and the bringing cf the Gospel into
England, Ireland and Scotland and
thence to" Ihe United States and the
Western world. He told of the travels
in every place incense shall be offered
unto My Name, and a pure offering;
for My Name, shall be great among the
heathen, saith the Lord of Hosts.
Mai. 1:11."
He said:
Evangelists Conduct Special
Services Among: Churches in
the West End of the Citv
VIEWS TAKEN" DURING RAL
LY OF ALAMEDA COUNTY
SUNDAY-SCHOOLS.
Pulls a Valuable Jewel From
the Shirt Bosom of Alameda
Dentist While Leaving Boat
PREACH GOSPEL
OF THE CHRIST
The object of the joint missionary
rally was not only to instruct the chil
dren of the 'various Sunday schools In
the progress of missionary work, but
to bring the schools in closer relation
ship with one another, that they might
work tocether for the common good.
The rally held to-day was the begin
ning of. a concerted effort on the part
c-f the rectors of the Episcopal churches
of this county to increase the member
ship of the Sunday schools and to bring
them into a closer bond of unity.
The following Sunday schools were
represented at the rally to-day:
St. Andrew's, Oakland: St. Johns, Oakland;
St: Paul's, Oakland: St. , Mark's. Berkeley;
Christ's- Church, Alameda: Church of the Ad
vent. Kast Oakland; Trinity Church. Oakland,
and the Chapel of the Good Samaritan, Oak
land.
The closing service was conducted by
the Rev. Edsrar F. Gee, rector of St.
John's Church. .
CLOSING SERVICE.
of John Eliott and his work among the
Indians, and of Bishop Berkeley, after
whom the city of Berkeley is named,
who gave up a salary of $4500 a year
to become a missionary at a salary of
$500 a year. Mr. Walkley related the
history of the missionary work of the
churches of this diocese, sneaking of
the great work done by Bishop Rowe,
who" is now in Alaska, and of the son
cf BishoD Nichols, who Is now a mis
sionary in China, where he was sent
by the churches of this diocese.
At the close of the sermon the Rev.
C. T. Walkley gave an address from
the following text: .
"From the rising of the sun even unto
the going down of the same My Name
shall be great among the Gentiles; and
The opening lesson was read by the
Rev. O. St. John Scott, after which a
short sermon was delivered by the Rev.
Clifton Macon.
DELIVERS AX ADDRESS.
Special music was rendered by the
combined choirs of St. John's Church.
St. Mark's Church of Berkeley, . and
Christ Church of Alameda.
OAKLAND, Jan. 24.— Children from
the Sunday schools of the Episcopal
churches of Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley attended the joint missionary
rally of the Episcopal Sunday schools
of Alameda County, held at 3 o'clock
this afternoon at St. John's Episcopal
Church, on Eighth and Grove streets.
The service was one especially adapted
to the understanding of the little ones
and the following clergymen partici
pated:
The Rev. Edgar F. Gee, rector of St.
John's Church; the Rev. O. SL John
Scott, rector of St. Andrew's Church;
the Rev. C. T. Walkley, rector, of St.
Paul's Church; the Rev. Clifton Macon,
rector of Trinity Church, and the Rev.
William Carson Shaw, rector of the
Church of the Advent in East Oak
land.
Detective Bailey made an investiga
tion and believes that the death was
accidental. Deceased was 53 years of
age, a native of Cincinnati, Ohio, and
a widower. The body was not removed
to the Morgue.
It is believed the unfortunate man.
upon being called in the morning,
lighted the stove to heat the room, that
he then returned to bed a.d fell asleep,
and that in some manner the stove
blaze was extinguished.
A gas tube leads from a jet In the
room to a small gas stove used for
heating purposes. The Jet was turned
fully on, permitting the gac to fill the
chamber.
Henry L- Schnler. proprietor of a
saloon at the northeast corner of
Haight and Stanyan streets, was as
phyxiated yesterday under somewhat
peculiar circumstances, but the police
and Morgue officials incline to the
theory that death was the result of aa
accident, ar.d not of suicide.
Shortly after 8 o'clock yesterday
morning Mrs. Behaver, who was em
ployed as cook by the deceased, called
him through a speaking tube leading
from the dining-room to his sleeping
apartment. Schnier replied to the sum
mons and stated that he would be
down shortly. Owing to his non-appear
ance by 2 o'clock a Mrs. McKenzie
went to his room to awaken him. Upon
opening the door she was startled to
find Schnier's dead body on the bed.
Saloon-Keeper at llaight and Stanyan
Streets is Asphyxiated. Sup
posedly by Accident.
HEXRTf Ti- SCI1XIER KILLED
IN ROOM BY ESCAPING GAS
OAKLAND. Jan. 24.— Sergeant of
Police Frank Lynch and Patrolman
Mulgrew raided a card game at 4 67
Tenth street at 6 o'clock this morning
and arrested G. W. Starkey, George
Petersen, F. G. Brazier, Frank Smith
and Robert Brown, all carpenters,
who, it is charged, hati been playing
stud poker. The men furnished bail
for their appearance in the Police
Court.
Haiti a Poker Came.
OAKLAND. Jan. 24. — Thomas Me-
Farland. 16 years old. has disappeared
from his home, 564 4 Vallejo street.
Golden Gate. His father, William Mc-
Farland. has applied for help- from
the police to find the missing boy.
Young McFarland left home after
drawing- $30 from his employer, a
plumber in Golden Gate, and started
out with two older boys named Hoff
man of West Berkeley. One of the
latter youths returned to-day, but
claims not to know what has become
of his companions. McFarland thinks
his son headed for San Jose, but he
does not know why the boy has de
camped.
in His Hunt for Whereabouts of
Thomas McParlaml.
Distressed Father Appeals for Help
ASKS POLICE TO SEARCH
FOR MISSING BOY
The Bond Committee will be un
able to complete its report on the gen
eral improvement project in time for
submission to the City Council to
morrow night. Delay has been caused
by the work that is legally necessary
on the estimates of cost of the several
items. Much care is required to fol
low the statutory provisions covering
the subject of bonding propositions.
The members of the committee have
labored this week on the reDort in
dustriously, sacrificing everything to
the task, but it has been found impos
sible to finish the details.
Councilman Howard's paper will
deal with the reasons that led the
Council committee to unanimously
recommend the leasing by the city un
der option of purchase of the Contra
Costa Water Company's plant. It is
expected that the address will throw
much light upon the question and will
be a valuable contribution to the dis
cussion of the subject which the re
port has awakened in this city.
City Councilman John I* Howard
has accepted an invitation to deliver
an address before the Men's League
of the First Congregational Church,
on Thursday evening, January 28, on
the report of the special committee on
municipal water supply which has
been submitted to the City Council.
Occasion for the address is the
monthly dinner which is given by the
league. It has been customary for
the organization at its periodical gath
erings to hear addresses or papers read
on timely topics. The committee in
charge ot this month's dinner decided
to reuuest Mr. Howard to give an ad
dress on the subject selected because
it is foremost in the public mind of
Oakland at this time.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Jan. 24.
Seasons for the Adoption of
the Project by the Special
Committee to Be Presented
TALK FOR JIEN'S LEAGUE
Councilman John L. Howard
to Deliver a Public Ad
dress as to Proposed Lease
A number of property owners of
Alamedy have determined to organize
an improvement club in Central Ala-
Tneda. and the following notice has
been sent out, calling the first meet
ing for January 27:
We. the undersigned, property owners . of
A!a.meda. recognizing the advantage to be
gained by conctrt of action fcr the purpose of
stimulating public spirit ttmong our citizens
and of placing before the outside world a
knowledge of the many advantages possessed
by Al&meda as a choice residence locality,
hereby call a meeting of property owners for
th» ;¦¦!•! i. om- of lntf-r'nanKe of views: the meet
ing to be held on the evening cf Wednesday.
January 27. 11*04. at the City Hall. In the
trustees' room: D. Htrschfeld. 1SOO Central
avenue; G,orn<- H. Maktlck. 918 Pacific ave
nue; G«ure:e K. I'lummc-r. 14*3 San Antonio;
R. J. THxIk*. 200; Alameda avenue; , C. F.
Toung. 22Z>1 San Antonio avenue; Alexander
R. Baum. Bay and San Antonio: P. S. Teller.
IM'J Central avenue; \V. R. Kollmyer. 1310
Fliennar. street; Cleorpe H. Tyscn, 1501 Cen
tral avenue; S. B. Connor. 2009 Central ave
rtu-: James Tyson. 1015 Ph<rman street; Ixnils
K. fipear. 13o6 Sherman street; K. J. Holt.
1007 Morton street ; George A. Moore. '818
t'nicn street: C. Bartlett. lZi-i tH. Charles
street; George T. Wrlrht. 1421 Ran Antonio;
O. W. Bennett. 1418 Central avenue; H. M.
l^andsberg-er, 1421 ?an Antonio: J. R. Know
land. UM3 Everett street; Frank Otis. 1CC9
Hanta Clara avenue; J. La. Fields. 2141 Clin
ton tvenue: H. Hacke. 1124 Morton street; J.
c\ Eschen. 1303 Caroline street; A. I-.. Valleau.
14::C Benton «tre<K : W. C. Forsyth. 3219 Brlggc
avenue; T. \V. !>>ydecker. 925 Santa Clara ave
rue; L. H. Jacobl, *>ir» Grand street; George
Renner. 2421 Buena V'sta avenue.
NOTICE IS SENT OUT.
I believe that If manufacturers throughout
th* country knew thr advantages of Oakland
.Tor manufacturing purposes, youth of Seventh
ttreet and along the estuary ainl bay front
would be lined with factories. Our Real Es
tate Association can convey that information
by festering extensive advertising. That in
what we Deed. My f.rm is constantly aiidiriK
factory sites to our lift, to be ready for the
big demand that will surely come the minute
manufacturers realize the advantages to be
had by locating In Oakland.
The Call is to be commended and it will
receive a strenuous vote of appreciation and
thanks from the Real Estate AFsor-lation for
publishing the "Alameda County Page" in its
whole big edition daily. It will be appreciated
by every Oafelander at home and abroad and
will help populate our city. We have' what
people want, factory sitrs. opportunity to
make money in business, set employment,
etc., and wherevrr The Call goes Information
concerning Oakland wi!l go.
I have often been surprised by the evidence
cf The Call'* wide circulation. Our ads in
it have often brought answera from Maine.
Khode Island. Kentucky and other Fastern
states.
A: J. Snyder said:
The outlook fcr building operations for 1904
1* good. There has been a depreciation in the
price of material which should increase the
building of dwellings a great deal. 1 intend
to commence the erection of five houses on
the Merrill tra'-t ai oner? and shall build more
is soon aa the street work is finished.
MAXiTAcrriuxG siti:s.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cal'.,
111S Broadway, Jan. 24.
Statistic? compiled by Sanitary In
spector S. F. Gemmel show that more
buildings of all kinds were erected in
Oakland during 1903 than in any
j-receding year in the history of the
city, and this is also true of the entire
* ounty. The figures show that the
lotal number of private dwellings
erected or nearly completed at the
t lose of IS03 was 54T», an increase .of
199 over 190^. During 1903 seventeen
i-tores were erected, as compared With
sixteen of the preceding year. A
noticab:e feature of the building of
lisl year was that the dwellings
?-rected are as a rue of a more ex
j-ensive style than formerly.
Frank J. Woodward, president of
the Onkland Real Estate Association,
is of the opinion that Uv°re will be
even a greater amount of business
done this year than last. Mr Wood
ward
rxrsrjiLLv active week.
We have had an unusually active week fcr
thia time of the year anii everything indk-atf-t>
mat 1904 will be th* banner yar in the hls=
tory of th? r!ty. Ttif-rp has lx><*n tronderfui
l'!O«tess :n Oakland during ih«» last year, but
there a«-e still a number ct things that we
r«>ed and mist urg« nt of tbesa are a oouple
of first-ftars hote!s. one contra! commercial
hotel and one suburban tourist hctel.
One cf the Furps=t indications •'•. the propres-s
«'f thl« c.ty is the fact thst the San Fran
t-isco Call has commenced to run the Alametla
«'ounty n*»f through all ediiior.F of the pai>er.
• '". ¦ this one thins will do more good for this
<ity. than anything else the San Francisco
1 apers could do.
S. M. Dodge Jr.. of the firm of S. M.
Dodge & Son, says:
I r<?g-aid the recent's* oreanired Real Estate.
Arents' Association as a £ond :lirc Every
•¦ucfehfifcl real *t'.»te ec<*nt here realizes that
¦ k Oaklan-i grows his bus;n«.FS VtU increase.
Thr purposs cf the association is to increase
i's mr-mbert' busir.oFs, but the method pur
sued will be to w»cure internal improvements
which commend themselves to :i body of inter
ested and expert r*-al t-statr men. to advertise
«-»tenrlvfly Oakland's aivantagps, tak«> steps
to bring factories h«re. In short, in help ihe
Hoard of Trade with expert knowk-Uge of the
needs and possibilities of Oakland.
DIAMOND THIEF
SNATCHES GEM
Professor G. M. Stratton will address
the Philosophical Union at 8 o'clock
Friday evening in the philosophy build
ing on the subject. "The Relation of
Mind and Body." The lecture will be
open to the public.
H. O. Pixley "99 is a patient at the
Hospital de la Mission Catholique, at
Hankow, China, being a sufferer from
acute inflammation of the eyes follow
ing* an attack of malarial fever. He
contracted the illness while assisting to
run the survey /or a railroad between
Hankow and Canton, a distance of 700
miles.
4>_^ — : : , jl.
The second university meeting for the
year will be held at 11 o'clock Friday
mornins in "Harmon gymnasium. The
speakers for the day have not yet been
selected.
The Women's Tennis Club will hold a
tournament on the university courts,
beginning with February 1 and ending
on February 20, weather permitting.
The following named have entered up
to date for the singles and doubjes:
Singles— Miss Ethel Ratcliffe '04. Miss
Gladys Wickson 'OR, Miss Marian Ed
wards '07, Miss Rose Moskowitz '04 and
Miss Marian Craig '07. Doubles— The
Misses. Edwards and Wickson, the
Misses Ratcliffe and Moskowitz and the
Misses Crais and Connie Stratton.
The reception to the junior class by
President and Mrs. Wheeler will begin
at 8 o'clock Wednesday evening in
Hearst Hall.
• Miss May E. Stevenson, teacher of the
Hindoo breathing school, has presented
the library with a copy of her work.
"Thought Communication by Mag
netism."
William B. Yeats, the Irish poet, will
address the students of the University
of California at 4 o'clock on Wednes
day afternoon of this week in the stu
dents' observatory. He will speak upon
"The Intellectual Revival of Ireland"
or some allied subject. The lecture will
be open to the general public.
The Philological Club will meet at the
faculty clubhouse at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow evening. Professor W. S. Fer
guson will read a paper on "Chapter
XII of Plutarch's Life of Pericles," and
C. J. O'Connor one on "Phrases of the
Type 'Ostium Concrepulf in.Plautus
and Terence."
The student senate will discuss the
following question Tuesday evening in
Stiles Hall: "Resolved, That the system
of criminal procedure in France men
aces the liberty of the individual." The
affirmative will be sustained by R. O.
Reiner '04 and W. A. Andrews '05, and
the negative by E. D. White '05 and J.
L. Harris '06.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Jan. 24.
WILL EXPLAIN
WATER REPORT
President and, Mrs. Wheeler
Ask Junior Class to Meet
- Them at Annual Beception
President of Oakland Associa
tion Predicts Greater Activ
ity for Present Twelvemonth
The concealed weapon consisted of a
loaded revolver and the discovery that
Whitaker was "heeled" is to the credit
of vigilant Patrolman George Brown
of the Piedmont district. Whitaker was
headed homeward along Piedmont ave
nue late last night when the police
man, on his rounds, observed the be
iated pedestrian. Brown hailed the
wayfarer, as the order requires, and
demanded to know his identity. Then
he made a search of Whitaker's pock
ets and brought forth the contraband
weapon. Thereupon was the pistol
wearing author haled into custody.
Herman Whitaker, one of Oak
land's [literati, enjoys the distinction of
having his name recorded on the blot
ter at the City PriFon as the alleeed
violator of a municipal ordinance that
prohibits the carrying of a concealed
weapon without the required permit.
But the author and writer was not
subjected to the further indignity of
spending a night behind jail bars, as
the deposit of a $10 gold piece was
made as a guarantee for Whitaker's
appearance to-morrow morning in the
Police Court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Jan. 24.
Member of Oakland's Literary
Circle on Belated Walk Home
Falls Foul of a Policeman
\ DEALERS WELL SATISFIED
STUDENTS PLAX DEBATE
WH1TEK EDBNISHES BAIL
William B. Yeats Will Tell
Students About Intellec
tual Revival in Ireland
Author Herman AVhitaker Is
. Sent to Jail After Search
Discloses Loaded Revolver
. Statist ir-s Show That More
Build in- Was Done iu 1903
Than in Anv Previous Year
HIDDEN PISTOL
CAUSES ARREST
PEER OF IRISH
POETS COMING
REALTY MARKET
IS VERY ACTIVE
St. John's Church Is the Scene of Missionary Meeting and
Little Ones Enjoy Service Designed to Impress Them
With Work of Spreading the Gospel of Christianity
EPISCOPAL SUNDAY SCHOOL CHILDREN
OF ALAMEDA COUNTY JOIN IN RALLY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1904.
4
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY GOOK BOOK
Mali This Order to The San Francisco Call Witt 75c.
The San Francisco Call.
San Francisco, Cal.:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for which send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily an* Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.) — . v ;
OAKIiAXIX
1118 Broadway.
Telephone 3Ialn 1063.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEPA.
14S3 rark Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYS. ¦ J. Lee. Charles II. Hubbs. T. Xewbery, Jo
seph Marshall. F. H. Klllick, Mr. Oldham.
San Francisco: St. John the Evangelist —
Rev. L. C. Sanford, F. W. Van R»*yneg:qm. F.
H. Elchbaum. George U. Hind, F. L. South
ac. A. T. Paur.ell.
San Frarxisco: St. Luke'* — Rev. B. M.
Weeden. Rev. W. E. Hayes. Very Rev. F. B.
A. Lewis. M. D.. A. N. Drown. H. C. Davln,
W. A. M. Van Bokkelen. G. H. Kellofrr, E.
T. Allen.
San Franclsto: St. Mary the Virgin — Rev.
W B. Clark.
San Francisco: St. Paul's— Rev. TV. M.
Reilly. Rev. G. T. Griffith.
San Francisco: St. Peter's— Rev. W. A.
Bours. Arthur S. Jones. Alex. Gray. Archibald
C. Kairs, J. C. Robinson. William M. Fur
bush. • " •
San Francisco: St. Stephen's — Rev. E. B.
Bradley. Arthur V. Price. Charles M. Con
verse. "Frank H. Gardiner. James B. Miller.
George E. Bennett.
San Francisco: Trinity— Rev. F. TV. Clam
pett. D D.. Rev. J. A. O'Meara. D. D., John
Landers. W. E. F. Deal. Dan II. Kane, J. V.
P. MIdrtleton. Robert Bruce.
San Francisco: Seamen's Institute — Rev. S.
II. Wlnsfleld-r>>*by. Rev. McT>. I.lebenrood.
San Jose: Christ Church Mission — Rev.
Mardon D. Wilson. Mrs. W. P. Squire. Mrs. E.
M. Brown, Mrs. Mardon D. Wilson, Mrs. Luis
ArQues.
San Jose: Trinity — Rev. J. W. Gresham, S.
II. WaRencr. A. R. Bacon. R. W. Sandford. M.
A. Southworth. Gregory Marshall.
San Luis ObUpo: 'St. Stephen's Mission —
Rev. C. S». Faekenthall. Benjamin Brooks. D.
M. Garrison.
San Mateo: Church of St. Matthew — Rev.
K. t*. Parsons. E. D. Bevlard, E. W. Howard,
F. G. Shrewsbury. I,. C. McAfee. F. J. Carolan.
5an Mlfuel: St. John's Mission — Rev. E. A.
McGcwan. - •
San Rafael: St. Paul's— Rev. Wyllys HaJI.
D. r>. G. M. Pl-ncknrd. E. B. Stronc. Vlnc'nt
XeaTe. John F. Bovd. Oeon?e E. Butler.
Santa. Clara: Church of the Holy Savior —
Rev. H -H. Powell. Thomas Bull. Louis F.
Duncan E. H.- Alden. R. L. 'HlrKlnji. Mrs.
Clara Kuhlf.
Santa Cruz: Calvary — Rev. C. O. Tillotson,
H. D. Oerrurd. C. K. Lindsay. W. M. Ayde
lotte. C. K. Fasan. K. F. Hilton.
Paunallto: Christ Church — Rev. A. C. Wll
non H. .T. Crumpton. T. Penlington, Frank
Phillip*. Percy Harrison.
Selina: - St. Luke's Mission — Rev. C. L.
Thackeray. Miss Eva Johnson. W. R. Stam
mers. Mrs. M~. Pleckcr. Ernest Klmberlin, Miss
Harrfette Staler.
Sonora: St. James' Mission — Cathedral staff.
Charles H. Burden. William Rnther. Mrs.
Bmma H. Burden. Mrs. Nettie A. Rother. Miss
Carrie K. Inch.
Stockton: St. John's— Rev. A. 5?. Ciark. R.
E. Wllhoit. J. M. Welsh. C. M. Jackson. Sam
uel Lanedon Jr.. C. E. Owen.
Tuolnmne: St. MirhafPs Mission— Rev.
George Maxwell. C A. Emery. John R. Prince.
Miss Annie Lcairue. Mrs. Mary J. Emery. Miss
E. M. Dcrsey.
Wntsnnvllle: All Saints' — Ci. H. -Jer.ks, M.
P.. WJlllatn F.urbeck. O. A. W. Schucharrt. W.
R. Porter. William J. McGowan, H. C. Wyck
off.-- ' " •
Entertainment for the Veteran*.
TOUXTV1LLE, Jan. 24.— An inter
esting comedy was presented at the
Veterans' Home last evening under tha
direction of Mrs. F. W. Ross of San
Francisco. The entertainment was
given by the Frank Bacon company.
The play. "The Hills of California." was
full of interest for the men and was
splendidly produced. Those in the cast
were: Frank Bacon, Jane Weldman,
Clarie Sinclair. Bessie Bacon. Lester
Nollman. Joseph Carroll. Adolph An
gus, Wallace Hunt. Wilford Rozer.
Milton Ross and Master Francis Bacon.
Some fine music was rendered by the
Veterans' Home orchestra and a cor
net duet played by Julius F. Blattner
and Joseph Bryson. members of the or
chestra, was especially good. A tenor
solo by Adolph Angus was much ap
preciated. ; ;*_,.•
The fifty-fourth annual convention of
the Episcopal church in -the diocese of
California will meet in Grace Church,
California and Stockton streets,
morrow morning at 11 o'clock. Holy
communion will be administered by
Bishop Nichols, assisted by - clerical
members of the standing committee.
The convention , sermon will be
preached by the Rev. Mardon D., Wil
son, secretary of the diocese and rector
of Christ Church, San*Jose. The ses
sions v/ilr last four days, and include a
grand missionary meeting for Tuesday
evening at Trinity Church, at which,
besides the Bishop, Rev. F. \V. Clam
pett, D. D.; JRev. E..J. Parsons and oth
ers will make addresses. • The music
will bo rendered by the vested choirs of
this city and Oakland, consisting of 200
men and boys, directed by W. L. Sabln,
organist of St. Luke's Church. An im
mense attendance is expected.
For Wednesday evening a reception
to Bishop Nichols, visiting delegates
and churchman generally ham been ar
ranged by the Church Club, a powerful
organization of laymen, to be held In
the- parlors of the Palace Hotel. '
MAY NOT DEBATE RITUALISM.
On Thursday the convention will con
: tinue its sessions, and Friday will be
devoted to the work of the diocesan
branch of the Woman's Auxiliary: It is
not believed that any reference to the
ritualistic element in the church will
be made at this convention, but a con
flict is anticii>ated over the proposed
adoption of certain canons.
On this account the present conven r
tion is regarded with some anxiety in
certain quarters. The especial feature
of the present session will be the dis
cussion of the advance made in th»
missionary affairs of the diocese,
which, it is urged by some prominent
delegates, is being stimulated beyond
the ability of the church to sustain.
The opponents of the Bishop's policy
are expecting some sort of a protest in
this direction.
wJLii .si:e many strangers.
The present convention will be re
markable en account of the- large
number of new faces among the. clergy
and lay delegates, owing to thelos3 by
death and removal from the State oi
so many of those whose faces have
betn long familiar in the councils of
the diocese. Efforts will be made to
raise the J27.00O required for the erec
tion of an Episcopal residence, whic*i
th* ladies of the diocese have prom
ised to furnish when built, and for
which a beautiful lot has been bought
and paid for.-
DELEGATES EXPECTED.
Following- is ..a liat of thg-. delegates
elected by the several parishes, a large
majority oi whom have promised to
attend: ¦
Alameda: Christ Church — R;v. W. X. Guth
rie. A. X. Lot.If. \Vill!>»m RiKby. F. M.
French, R. H. Hkimmlm s Henry A. Fores.
Arroyo Grande: St. Barnabas Mission —
Rev. C. S. Fackenthall, V.'. T. Clevenger.
James Poole.
Bakersfield : St. Pr.ul's— Rev. Ertward Mor
gan. Albert C. Maude. Ernest W. Wright,
Repinsld P. Kox.
Belmont: Good PheDherd Mission — Rev." T.
C Marshall, R. H. McGowan, Miss Alice
Harmn^rson. Miss Grace McLtlian. Mrs. R. H.
McGowan.
Berkeley: St. Mark's— Charles M. Gayley,
William A. Merrill, Edward S. Fowler. Ed
ward E. Ofrborn. H. Robert Brad?n.
Centervllle: St. James' MUMon — Rev. H.
Le». J. A. Bunting;. Kenneth F. Reynolds,
Robert Braden. Fred Blacow. J. A. Trefrjv
Corte llartera : Hrly Innocents' ?.fission —
Cathedral Staff. Henry S. Foote Jr.. Mrs. An
nie Croall. MIrs Augusta Vesarlen, Mrs. S. F.
Emery. Miss Parson. 1 !.
El Pa;o de P.obles: St. Jzmes' Mission—
Rev. C. M. Hoge. Van R. Klliott, Frank Booth,
F. D. Frost. 8. D. Mork. J. C. Brovin.
Fowler: St. Michael'!" Mission — Rev. Wil
liam Hiies. Mrs. Charies H. Xorrls. Mrs A.
Mattol. "Jeorre S. Waterman, Mrs. G. S. Wa
rerma:i. Mr3. R. C Watson.
Fresno: St. James' — Rev. Harvey S. Han
sen. William G. UrldKe. F. M. Lee. A. H.
Mcwat. B. G. McDourall, C H. Emmons.
Gilroy: St. Stephen's Mission— Rev. J. F.
Trivett, Matthew Lcnnon. Mra. D. J. Rlley,
Mrs. K. Strange, Mra. \V. 3. Franklin, Miss
Emily Wilson.
Hanford: Church cf the Savior — Rev. F.
J. Mynard. B. J.. Barney. Charles Pownlng,
George Rrailsford, F. J. Walker, J. W. Har
bour.
Haywante: Trinity Miselcn— Rev. H. Lee.
J. H. Bowdtn. F. V,\ Browning, E. J. Rvkcr,
W. E. Meek. W. S. Clark.
Hoillater: St. Luke's Mission— Rev. J. F.
Trivett. Mrs. T. P.arr.sdell. W. D. Van Bus
klrk, Charles Horcroft. Mrs. Thomas Flint
Jr.. Mrs. Gllmore Azrew.
Jolon: St. Luke's Mission — Rev. E. A. Mc-
Gowan.
Kings City: Si. Mark's Mission— Rev. C. M.
Jloge. Thomas Ufher, W. C. Hamilton. Pr.
Eeevsr.
Livermore: Grace Mission — Cathedral Stan",
Mrs. M. K. Black. Mr* H. «. Wagoner. C. F.
Mess. Mrs. t_". F. ilers. Miss E.^-Foster.
Lorin: St. Matthew's Mission — Rev. J. G.
Gumenn, T. H. Whalley. R. H. Spencer. G.
E. .Oxley, H. C. IJagot, W. C Chaplin.
Los Gatos: St. .Luke's — Rev. D. Lewis, J.
W. Lyndon, P. F. Lint Sr., P. F. Lint Jr.,
J. C. Moody, Mrs. T. H. Davis.
Martinez: Grace — Cathedral Staff. G. Grif
fin. Samuel Potter. E. C. Brown Mrs. R L
Ulch. C. C. Swain.
Menlo Park: Trinity — Rev. X. B. TV. Gall
wey. A. C. Bassett, R. D. Glrvin. Edgar Mills
Timothy Hockins. Perry P. Eyre.
Mill Valley: Church of Qiir Savior — Rev
H. Howltt. Ji'llan Harries, W. Gordon Sel
worKj. Arthur L. Hou«e, Mrs. A. L. House.
Modes Jo: St. Paul's Mission— Rev. D. O.
Keiley. Tracy R. Keiley. L. P. Player.
Monterey: St. James* Mission — Rev. James
S. McGowan. Charles R. Few. Miss M. Bers
scheicker, Mrs. James S. McGowan. Thomas
Lee.
Xlles: Trinity Mission — Rev. IT. Lee. Mrs
H. E. Mon»r. W. II. Tyeon. Mrg. Olive Bonn»r
Mm. W. H. Tyson. Miss Grace. Chalmers.
Oakland: Church of the Advent— Rev. Wil
liam C. Shaw.
Oakland: St. Andrew's — Rev. O. St J
Scott. R. G. Graham. Robert Xlcholls.
Oakl.tn>i: St. John's — Rev. E. F. Gee F E
Maron. C. K. Kin?. H. H. Hassard, jc. " H.
Barry.
Oakland: St. Paul's— Rev. C. T. Walkley,
Clifton H. Kroll. C. D. Ha\en. Charles - R
Jones. Kennedy Bryan. I* F. Harvey.
Oakland: Trinity— R»v. J. Barewell, P. p.,
rector emeritus: Rev. Clifton Macon. W. A
Barbo'ir. L. J. Ix» Conte, T. V*. Bakewell, John
Hampton, Julian Mathieu. D. M. Doub
Pacific Grove: St. Mary>-by-the-Se a Mis
sion — Rev. U. Clietwcod. E. 3. Lewis. F. .Rill*
A. tV. -Anderson, Mrs. T. M. Page, MI«s A s'
Martin.
Palo Alto: All Paints'— Rev. G. U Parker
H. R. FairclouKh. .1. A. Hosmer, G. L Clark'
V. K. Fowler. J. Pearce Mitchell.
Point Richmond: Trinity Mission Martin
T.uthrr Park*. H. X. Barney, H. Scott. Georg*
Renacre. • • .
RMwood City: St. Peter's Mission — Rev T
C. Marshall. James Crowe. W. A. Shrewsbury'
Mr*. Adams, Mrs. Davis, i
Uosedale: St. John's Minion — Rev. Edward
Morsran.
Salinas: f?t. Paul'g^ — Rev. G. W. Cuttinr
John W. R(rwlins, R. L. Porter, J. a Web
ster.
San Ardo: St. Matthews' Mission— Rev. E
A. McGowan.
San Francisco: Church of the Advent Rev
Herbert Parrish, Rev. H. B. Monges, Rev. C
X. Lathrop.
San Francisco: Grace — Rev. Tt E. I,. Craijr
TV. II. Crpcker. I*. M. RinKwalt. William
Mlntzer. Ge'orge H. Hocke. Herbert Folger.
Kan Francisco: Holy Innocents — Rev H
B. Collier. T. J. Hume, J. a. Cameron j m"
JtoMnsen. A. B. Cathcart Jr., C. A. l^ee.
San Francisco: St. James' Mission— Revv
GREAT CHOIR TO SING
. — ? : — "
Big Eeception to Be Tendered
Bishop Nichols and Delegates
at Palace on Wednesday Night
After the completion of the pro
gramme the members and their guests
repaired to the banquet and discussed
an excellent menu.
The Royal Stags celebrated an anni
versary Thursday evening, January 21,
with a banquet and literary exercises.
The Royal Stags is an organization of
young men, social and literary, recent
ly formed in this city.
. Among the interesting affairs of 1 the
week was an entertainment and dance
given by the Heine Club at-Washing
ton Square Hall, Wednesday evening,
January 20, for the benefit of St.
Andrea's Church. Among the most
prominent members present were:
Mr. and Mn. Grleb. Mr. and Mn. William
Schafer. Mr. and Mrs. J. Ohlemutz. Mr. and
Mrs. E. Bill. Mr. and Mrs. A. Schoembs. Mr.
and Virs. P. Hauser. Mr. and Mr*. J. Peek/
Mr. and Mrs. X. Koeberer. Mrs. L. Haubalt.
Mi«g Emma Laederlch. Miss Llizle Bill, Miss
fora Laederlch. G. B!!l. Dr. P. Bill and J.
Schnell.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Mission Literary Club was held at the
home of Mrs. S. Moore, 605 Valencia
street, January 21. The annual elec
tion cf officers was held. Mrs. E. B*.
Vreeland was elected president; Mrs. J.
Hey, vice president; Mrs. C. A. Rogers,
treasurer; Mrs. M. F. Bruker. secre
tary. A social hour followed and re
freshments were enjoyed. Those pres
ent were:
Charles J. Kemr. Mr*. E. B. Vreeland. Mrs.
T. Morrow.' Mm. E. McEwen. Mre. J. S. Bo
rart. Mrs. W. ArmitaR?. Mrs. T. Farless. Mr*.
W. H»wm. Mrs. J. Hey, lira. M. F. Eruker.
Mr*. R. Leech. Mrs. iv Moore, Mrs C A.
Ropers, Dr. E. Wells, MrF. ,M. T. Walker,
Mrs. A. I.sumejEter, Mrs. Lehnhart. Mrs.
Da'.sley, M;m Moore, Hr: Bates, Mrs. Ser
rine.
The Eschscholtzia, a well known club
of the Mission, announces its fifth an
niversary party to be held at Mission
Opera Hall on Thursday evening, Jan
uary 28. It promises to be a most en
joyable affaif as the committee has
spared no pains in arranging for the
same.
The L'Allegro Club of '04 held Its
regular meeting and election of officers
Monday evening, January 4. The of
ficers elected for the term are: Presi
dent, J. Tracy; secretary. V. E. Hol
land: treasurer, James Ward. Among
other things it was decided to give the
annual private picnic of the club at
Camp Taylor on May 22.
The Sigma Alpha Kappa Kappa will
hold its "at home" in Golden Gate
Hall Tuesday evening, January 26.
California Lodge Xo. 163, I. O. B. B.,
will give its installation ball Tuesday
evening, January 26, in Lyric Hall.
Progress Lodge Xo. 250, Ths Fratern
al Brotherhood, will give its first an
nual bali and leap year party on Friday
evening, January 2'J. in Assembly
Hall. Red Men's building, 320 Post
street.
The fourth annual banquet of the
office employes of the California Fruit
Canners' Association was held Satur
day evening. January 16. at one of the
leading downtown rotisseries.
The president for the past year. W. I.
Clarke, ¦was succeede<l by II. G. White,
who will preside for the coming year.
Treasurer Charles Hammond was elect
ed to succeed himself. H. E. Chick
was toastrr.aster. Responses to toast3
were made by George MacLean, J. B.
Melvin and others. During the course
of the evening the retiring president,
W, I. Clarke, was presented with a
magnificent and valuable token of ap
preciation for services rendered during
his term as president.
Mr. Hammond composed a piece of
poetry relating to his duties as treas
urer, which contained many allusions
to local alTairs. and which was received
with a great deal of enthusiasm. Vocal
koIos were rendered by Charles Ham
mond. Arthur Chick and William Ol
ney. which, with instrumental music,
rendered by J. A. Kreling. and remarks
and specialties by others made the
evening pass merrily.
The following named were present:
AW I. t"lark«. <leoree Mcl^an. 1'hll Bush,
Fipmund Levy, Charles Hammond. A. J,
rhick A Ccckrane. J. A. Ollroy. J. Hen?*,
John Oilva. .1. B. XMvfn. A. <\ Hodze*. M.
Fontnr.a. H. G. White. Harry Spring. H. II
In- In. William Goldberg:. I. I. Bloom. H. E.
("hick. Sidney Jnneph-jn Kelly. .T. A. KrelinR,
F. A. Wilder, 'VY'.iiiam Clney, W. H. Levy, M .
r>eupr>:y and H. V.'hcian.
The annual meeting of the Occidental
Kindergarten Association was held
Monday, January 11, in the rooms of
the Young Women's Christian Associa
tion. Reports of the work showed the
kindergartens and various^lubs at 214
Second street to be in a flourishing con
dition. The following officers were
elected for the ensuing year:
President, Mi.*s M. Ho'.lub: flrnt vice pr«-sl
rtent; Mrs. >. L,- Armer. second vice presi
dent, Uira Row Steinbart; ccrres^on'llns **c
retary. Mlsn Florence A. Musto; recording
secretary. Mi«s 15. Lavfnscn; treasurer. Miss
Jeannette XeTcman.
The Ladies* Auxiliary of the Congre
gation Keneseth Israel will give a
grand entertainment and ball on Sun
day evening next at Lyric Hall, 121
Eddy street. The entertainment will
begin at S o'clock sharp. This affair is
given for the sole purpose of carrying
on the free religion school (Talmud
Torah). The auxiliary has three first
class instructors" and in the neighbor
hood of from 120 to 130 scholars. The
children of the rich as well as of the
poor are eligible to membership in this
school/Avithout any cost whatsoever.
The admission fee to the entertainment
and ball* will be 25 cents. Hat checks
free. •
• • •
On Monday evening. February 15, a
gcand ball will be given at Golden Gate
Hall. 625 Sutter street, in this city, un
der "the auspices of Eschscholtzla Tem
ple. Xo. 75. Order of Rathbone Sisters.
Tickets may be procured 'of Dr^ L. R.
Gambitz. the secretary of the commit
tee, at the Academy of Sciences 'build
ing, S13 Market street.
Episcopal Church Convention
Will Begin To-Morrow and
Extension Will Be Discussed
Have . you ever wandered over the
grassy slopes of Telegraph Hill, in and
out of the cul de sacs, up and down
the rickety fllehts of stairs that lead,
to eyrie flower patches, or Into the
shadowy courts that lie between the
bee - hive tenements swarming with
little brown - eyed foreigners? If
not. then you have not known
the privileges of a San Fran
ciscan. If you have, then you will
know what one little woman has been
trying to do for these strangers to our
shores, to our customs and to our pro
gressiveness. It is Miss Bettie Ashe—
she who founded and has carried on
.successfully the Telegraph Hill settle
ment work, which, by the way, is being
magnificently duplicated at the other
side of the city, where the masses of
the toilers dwell— in the South Park dis
trict.
Xow, Miss Ashe needs money. Her
work of treating the sick, supplying
nurses for the needy, looking" after the
poor little "padroned" urchins whose
hearthstone is the pavement, and whose
• 'care'.' means the possession of a goodly
chunk of brown bread (not Boston) and
a goblet of wine— these are the cares,
and they use up in very short notice a
few drabs of dollars.
Now, to-night will bring the oppor
tunity of society and the clubwomen
who possess an "interest in these hu
manities to manifest the same by at
tending the "Cafe Chantant," in the
maple room of the Palace Hotel, and
contributing their dollar— two if they
wish— to the settlement's work on Tele
graph Hill. And besides the gratifica
tion of conscience fora good deed'Hone,
there will be a merry time^- a real
boulevard night— in our stafd and emi
nently respectable Palace. There are
to be tables scattered.about, where beer
and its concomitants' will be dispensed
by the cleverest- maids in the smart
set; abetted ably by the beaux of club
dom. Among the latter are: Lloyd
Baldwin, Wilbur Burnett Gerald Rath
bone, Will Page, Athole McEean, Mr.
Petherick, Worthington Ames, Willard
Drown, Seward McXear, Sidney Salis
bury, Lieutenant Rousseau. IT. S. X •
Wilfrid Pase, Mr. Young. Karl Howard,
William Goldsborough, Millen Griffith.
James Jenkins, Coppee Thurston and
Thomas Berry.
Tables, have been engaged for the
unique. aftair by many of the fashion
able set, among, whom are: Mrs. Theo
dore Payne. Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs.
Leonard Chenery, Mrs. Harry Mendell,
Mrs. Carter Pomeroy. Mrs. William
Irwin. Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase.
Mrs. Harold M. Seawall. Mrs. Edward
L. Eyre. Miss Griffith. Mrs. James Fol
lis. Jim. Xorman McLaren. Mrs.
James Tucker. Mrs. St«?rn, Mrs. James
Langhorne. Richard Hotaling, Dr.
Harry Tevis ard Porter Ashe. ft
Miss Ethel Hager. Miss Pearl Lan
ders, Miss King and several other
clever society maids will— well, I can
not tell — until to-vmorrow.
The Settlement shc-uld have, on the
morrow, a respectable sum to put with
its banker. And it will, assuredly,
with such able lieutenants.
Among the members of the orchestra
are several of the musicians of the
Twentieth Century Club and Richard
M. Tobin. Dr. Wilhelmi Vail Blakewell,
Robert M. Eyre, Burbank Somers. Bev
erly Letcher. Mr. Ging and Mr. Lathrop
the clever and capable leader.
The patronesses who arc taking the
manapement of the "Cafe Chantant"
are Mrs. Xorman McLaren. Miss Alice
Griffith, Mrs. Edward L. Eyre, Mrs.
Monroe Salisbury. Mrs. Carter Pome
rey, Mrs. James Otis. Miss Emily Caro
lan. Mrs. LathAjp, Mrs. Alfred Lilley
and Mrs. Seaward McXear.
Several dinner parties will precede
the novel entertainment.
The Papyrus Club had a red-letter
day last week when the members clev
erly dissected a large lot of English
humor. Mrs. S. Masofi Kinne. the presi
dent, assisted greatly in the elucida
tion of British wit. and — contrary to
pathological rules — it was grasped and
thoroughly appreciated by the club
member? and their guests. It is ex
pected of the Papyrus Club to graduate
from Its rolls some feminine Mark
Twains. Bill Xyes and Tom Burdettes,
that the club may demonstrate the ex
isting relation of women to wit.
The suest of the day was Mrs. Kate
Hart, founder of the Alaska "Women's
Club (she has been forcibly compelled
to forsake the native name) who gave
a most delightful talk on Alaska, its
agricultural resources and its natives.
Mrs. Hart bears the distinction ctf rep
resenting the Academy of Sciences of
Alaska at the St. Louis Exposition.
Mrs. A. C. .Freeman read a paper on
English humorists, which was received
in the year ending: December 31. 1903,
$92,000 in alimony was Laid to divorced
women, an increase of 10 per cent over
that of the preceding year."
To be sure, there is no such condition
in San Francisco as to warrant any
"Filiae Fidei" club here, but its objects
are interesting at least.
The following Is a brief annual re
port of the work of the Doctor's Daugh
ters in 1903:
The year has b»«n a most active on*,
eighteen meetincs having been held, wttb aa
average attendance of twelve members.
Notwithstanding the great prosperity of our
city, even more than the usual number "f
cases of destitution and suffering have- been
reported aad attended to.
Eighty-five casea hav« been cared for. an<i
our av. rase distribution Is as follows: Oroce
ries regularly supplied to thlrty-stx f am 11 ".•-¦».
meat to thirteen, milk to fourteen and twelve
received coal.
Among our cases of the year «lght deaths
have occurred, the funeral expeusea of fror
being defrayed by the society. In one- ca*»
the money was refunded by relatives in Ens
land.
Transportation -was secured for several per
sons Jeslrlnx to mo to friends In the East.
One case in point was that of Mrs. Leith,
who, with tbe kind assistance of Mrs. Fr>e.
was. comfortably fitted cut tor the long Jour
ney to Maine, where she will enter an Old
Ladies" Home.
Mention ahould be made of th« kindnes* of
Mr. McCormick. throurh whom reduced rates
wer<» "ecrired and courtesies extended.
i'arsage wai procured to China for XIr«.
Fuller and two children, who also, received an
outfit of clothlns. etc., the ladles cf St. Luke »
kindly assisting.
We feel n~>ost grateful to our kind physi
cians, Drs. Somers and Hadden. fcr their ser
vices and attention given to the poor an-i
n?eay without money and without price. m<l
Dr. Hadden himself has made over 150 vlait*.
One runiired and thirty-seven prescriptions
were filled at drug stores, besides other drugs
purchased.
XarsTS have been #ent to attend many sirk
casea. and the ambulance has been in frequent
use.
Although most of the s4ck are attended t»
at their homes, we have had many casea treat
ed at 'the different hospitals. Th? Doctor'*
Daughters' bed In tie Little Jim ward at th*
Children^ Hwpita! has been continually in
use.
May day was celebrated aa usaat at tho
Children's Hospital and was quite a festival.
The toys, ice cream and catce were much en
joyed bv the afflicted little ones.
Thanksgiving an<J Christmas dinners wer*
provided for families with great liberalitv.
and rr.ary hearts and homes were gladden^l
by the good cheer provided so bountifully. W*
feel rreat indeb:edner» to Judge Hunt and !>-.
and Mr*. Oun«i for t?<e:r part In ¦» kindly
asMatinjc on those occasions.
The Krult and Flower Mission and Society
of Christian Wcrlc have co-operated with •"»
most efficiently on several occaalor.», and th»
Thursday Morn'.E* Sewln* Club and th« N*»
dlework Guild have sent in supplies of cloth-
Ing. By the aid of the Associated Chariti**
the difficulty attendlne *he proper distribution
of our benevolences has been much lensened.
Our employment bureau has be«n th« me*r»
of securing work for a camb*r of woman, an 1
names cf applicants for employment are con
stantly bein;? added.
During the year Mrs. Havens, one of our
active members, passed away, and her 1cm »ai
deeply reyretred. Mr«. Cluness, an active mem
ber, resigned: also two of the associate mem
ber*. Mrs. Mes»Iy and Mrs. A. D. McKee.
Mr*. BreyfogU and Mls>» McNear were wel
comed Into active menibershiD. makinr Um
membership complete, with two names on I*.*
waiting list.
Miss Blair, the first vice president, lately
returned from an extended absence abroad.
As a token of affection t» Miss McEwen.
and In appreciation of her valued. uns«13«>>
an4 devoted worU as president of th« Doctor's
Daughters, the members presented her with
a wrltine tabl<» with silver writln* set.
It Is gratifying to Bad that no charitable or
ganization In this city is more highly com
mended than the Doctor"! Daughters, and that
the practical charity affording prempt and ef
ficient aid to those In need, which is its aim
and object, has been so widely extended an<t
judiciously exercised aa to hav<» gained th-a
Indorsement and confidence of all.
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Nursery for Homeless Children
was held at the nursery, 1534 Mission
street, last week, and the following
officers were elected for the ensuing
year:
Mr*. J. Berty. president: Mrs. TV. 9. Leak*.
first vice cresident: Mrs. F. V. Wright, sec?ml
vice Mrs. William Gerstle. thfri
vice president; Mrs. Guy Manning, recentinc
secretary; Mrs. J. L. Gould, correipondrn*
secretary: Mrs. J. J. Theobald. treasurer;
board cf directors. Mrs. Pelham Ames. Mr*. O.
B. Burns. Mrs. Eugene Bresse, Mrs. Alfre«i
Dfrnham. Mrs. James Elder, Mr«. Herbrt
Law, Mr?. J. I/. Gould, Mrs. W. O. I/eak*.
Mrs. William Gerstle. Mrs. A. H. Martin.
Mrs. William HoHK Mrs. H. Oihorne. Mi.«*
Maud O'Connor. Mrs. Georse P. St>erry. Mi»*
Adrlai'ie Pollock. Sir*. Gf?orge Franklin ShieW.
Un>. Kdgar F. Preston. Mrs. J. J. PplekT.
Mrs. William Thomas. Mrs. Guy Manning.
Mn. J. J. Tbmbald. Mr?. K. V. Wright : tru^
tees. R. B. Mitchell. M. H. H»cht. T. I.
Scnuyler. C S. Neal, Pr. James Ward. Physi
cians— Visitins. Dr. Guy Manning: consum
ing. Pr. William Doericke. Dr. James Ward;
deiitist. Dr. O. F!. Burns: attorneys. D. H.
Whittemor*. E. F. Preston. E. C. Chapman:
matron. Mrs. M. J. Hubbert.
There is in the air* a great function —
so great that to disclose its identity
now would be treachery. It will be
post-Lenten, however, and is sure to
bring many hundreds into the nursery's
treasury. %
with great interest by the club.
Mrs. Buckingham recited an Irish se
lection with much Gaelic archness, and
Miss Jean Long gave "On the Road to
Mandalay" with fine effect. .
As In most of the clubs, the Papyrus
is busy doing politics. The election
takes place soon, and the supporters of
the leaders are busy as Tammany
tigers. May the cleverest win!
The California Club had a day of
varied Interests last Tuesday.
Father Crowley. who was to have
read a paper upon "The Boys* Farm at
Ruthenford," v."as unable to be present,
but sent his address to the club, which
was read by Mrs. Arthur Cornwell—
herself a student of Juvenile econom
ics. The paper proved to be replete
with live suggestions and comments,
which, at this hour of investigation,
was especially apropos.
Miss May Patton. formerly of the
County Hospital staff, but recently re
turned from a six months' tour of
Europe, gave a comprehensive paper on
the hospitals of the continent as com
pared with our local institutions, pub
lic and private. That our venerable
County Hospital was hardly in the A
class was rather conclusively proven —
if proofs be necessary. Miss Patton
knows her subject thoroughly and gave
liberally of her information.
A little talk on the "Treaty Between
General John C. Fremont and Colonel
Andrea Pico, .known as the Cahnlnga
Treaty," was given by a member in
commemoration of the event.
The Emanuel-El Sisterhood Free
Polyclinic has planned a series of lec
tures for the winter, which will be
given at the lecture hall of the Sister
hood at 124S Folsom street. The fol
lowing list has been prepared:
Wednesday evening. February 3, "Liquid
Air" (demonstration). Dr. L. C. Dear.e: Wed
nesday evening. February 17. "How Our Body
Protects l"s Apainst Disease." Dr. D. A. Sta
pler: Wednesday evening. March 2. **A Drop
of Blood." Dr. W. C. Voorsanfcer: Wednesday
evening. March 16, "The Voice In Son* and
Speech," Dr. W. S. Franklin: Wednesday
evening. March 3D. -The Hygiene of Dlues
ticn." Dr. A. W. Pern*: Wednesday evening.
April IS. "Lister and Pasteur, the Creators of
Clean Surgery." Dr. M. Krotosiyner; Wedne»
dav evening, April 27. "The Common Deformi
ties of Children." Dr. S. J. Hunkla.
The lecture of last Wednesday even-
Ing by Dr. V. G. Veckl on "Beauty Is
Only Skin Deep" was a rare treat and
was excellently attended.
The "Women's Press Association •will
hold a promising session to-day at Cen
tury Hall, when Mrs. Edith Auffrey of
London wijl talk about club life in the
English capital. As a prominent writer
and a member of the Press Club in
London much interest is manifested In
her address.
A discussion will ensue about the
relative responsibilities of newspaper
folk, which will bring together some
pretty clever people, including Mrs.
Mabel Craft Deering. "William Irwin of
the Chronicle, T. W. Winch of the Bul
letin and many others who have known
a few worries of the craft,
The Ladies' Auxiliary cf the British
and American Union reassembled last
Monday after a short recess at Utopia
Hall, 2?S Sutter street. They had an
interesting gathering, and the mem
bers were delightfully entertained with
music and an excellent paper on ento
mology-by Miss Wright of Alameda.
Good diagrams and interesting speci
mens of beetles and butterflies proved
very interesting. The society meets
every second and fourth Monday Jn the
month at 2:30 p. m.. and Invites the at
tendance of British-born subjects and
their American friends.
The success of the last "at home"
augurs well for the future of the as
sociation.
President Roosevelt, let it be known
abroad in clubdom and elsewhere, has
forwarded the California petition for
the preservation of the Calaveras big
trees to Congress, with some very per
tinent comment.
The New York Zoological Society last
week passed some very strong resolu
tions indorsing: the efforts put forth in
Congress for the safety of this mighti
est forest in the world.
This is all sweet music to the women
of the forestry section of the Cali
fornia Club (with whom the agitation
began four or five years ago), and the
energetic women of the Outdoor Art
League, who have communicated with
the political leaders in every State in
the Union in regard to the matter. So,
too, has the Semper Virens Club done
yeoman service in the matter. "Let
honor lie where honor is due."
There is yet much to do. It is earn
estly hoped that every Californian, and
especially the clubwomen who wield in
fluence in their communities, will
double their activities now at thin criti
cal moment. The San Jose clubs are
keenly alive to the work at hand. Vigil
ance means success.
Ladies, what think you of the newest
of new clubs, the 'Filiae Fidel" of New
York? It may be that the social con
ditions of Gotham called It forth— if
we would hearken to Watterson and to
one of the national leaders of clubdom
— the exigencies of society compelled
its birth. The following explains it
self: 'The new club wiil strive to com
bat divorce, race suicide and other
moral evils in society. In this connec
tion the report Just made by the ali
mony clerk of the Bureau of Depend
ent Adults is interesting. It shows that
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
The Tveek for wedding is with us.
Betrothals follow closely in point of
number and interest. And as for home
*.n"airs, it would seem that the shadows
of Lent have precipitated them into the
few weeks remaining. This would be,
one would conclude, rather a welcome
surcrease from the pressure of social
activity cf many months, but the ways
oS the g:ay your.g set are hard to fath
om, so on they ga, gay and yet gayer.
The club functions have been attended
w:;h the interest of the earliest dance
of the season, but the end is near, very
near.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Miss Cssta.T Stark has announced the
encafesier.t of her daughter. Flora, to
£a:r. Risa.
• • ¦
. Mr. and Mrs. J. Feist, 2102 Van Ness
avenue, ar.nounc? the engagement of
their daughter. Fred:1ca, to Leo Friede
cf Portland. Oregon. At home to-mor
row from 2 to 4 o'clock.
¦ a •
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Simon have
ar.nounced the engagement of their
daughter. Hattie, to Isaac Wolff.
• • •
'Mr. and Mrs. William Lissner an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter, Rose, to Oswald S. Mish.
MAItltlAGES.
" Mrs. Tearl More Reynolds, daughter
of Mrs. L. F. Mor.e. and C B. West
rcpe at Hull. England, were married
pa the ISth of this month. They have
gone Lo England to spend their honey
moon.
¦ * •
An event In Marysville's social cir
cles was th^ wedding of Miss Anna
La-jra R'-'btrtson. a popular young
v .irr.an, to L.. A. P. Eitliler, managing
editor of the Trucked Semi-Weekly Re
i^ublksn. The ceremony took place at
ra'on yesterday at the home of the
bride's nvth-r," M:s. Lauia iiobertson.
at 730 1 street. Ilev. \V. M. Woodard,
pastor of the Methodist church, offi
c-.at'ng. After a Lrief boneymoon in
Che bay .cities, the happy couple wfll
take up thtir lesidence in Truckee.
c • • •
c ""Jh* marriage of Miss* Hazel Lesiyn
fk* to Mi. 1. Goodrr.an will take place
Sunday. January 3L at a lowntown j
• • •
• The home cf Mr. and Mrs. Edward"
Lee. th- lormer being well known in
.A. O. V. VST. and other fraternal circles
in San Francisco, on Fair Oaks street
¦ i the scene of a very pretty wedding
last Wednesday evening, when their
daughter. Margaret Amelia Lee. was
united in mcrria^e to Festus Amandus
•Fust.
The marriage ceremony was per
fonsed I'v P^v. B. F. Richards of the
Methodist church in the presence of
Dearly "ne hundred guests.
The * edding presents were many
f.:h1 costly, atnons: them beir.c a laree
V.amber of very elegant and useful ar
tldes.
• M;p. Unda G. Halloy presided at the
riano in her usual able and artistic
manner, playir.g the wedding march
¦and other musi<\
During the course of the evenine
there v,"a* sing'ixig' and.dencine: and all
present had a sn«»st enjoyable time.
A sumptuous supper was served and
a* midnipht the bride and groom de
jiarfd fro»^i the- parental coof i-f the
t f >rr.i*=r and r.mid showers of rice and
, r)<i tho«p avA Kood v. ishes for their!
' future joy and happiness were driven
'to the homo which had alreadv been
provided by the sro<<m.
The following «ere arr.nnz the guests
rresrr.t:
G>"nla Ppiiler «rr<vin:«-rr.an>. ->iis» Anr.ie Lee
• VrideMTiaidi n»v. B. F. Hi. hard*. Mr. and
S!re. Edvatrd I**. Mr srtd Mrt. A.j. lph PU
r". Hr and Mrs. J»nc« I>^e. Mr. and Mr? J.
v.-. swift. Mr. «nd J!n. J. Richard I-**. Mi.
fc^-i Mrs. Robert Mayers, Mr. ar.d Mr*. Leon
¦rd }-!k<i*. Mr. and Mr*. Jchr Davi*. Mr. ani
•Mr«. n. Davis. Mr and Mr*>. Fr*i!frick <:. 1/ee.
ttr. rt-.d Mr?. Fred Far:anl. Mr. and Mrs.
v.-.JlUrn H«lver«">n ?.lr. ani Mr*. J. YV.
Mr. and Mn«. Cofru 1. Hall. Mr.
i*1 Mr? John ZoU\«r. Mr. and Mr*. <"onrad
»<>!Tir. Hr. and Mr*. Crif« Orrman. Mr. and
Mr* William \*. Whit* 1 . Mr. and Mrs. John
T\". Ma<J(5en W. H. I^esdell. Mrs. C H.
TbcIcw. Mr*. ScHm l+*. VA lye Jr.. Halrh
I'iane-.' M;y* Alice Pl«n<>r. SOafca Adele May
fvS ,i<»h> ?»1ft. Misses <;*rtrude »n-j Mil-
ARd.lbm, Mis* Graco W a'.die. Miss Kate
PesJt*. Mr*, l.lnda O. Malloy. Thoo Evtft,
T:-; Fvift. Bob rt Doacvoa, '"harl^s Davi>..
-F P. Carter Mi*s»* MamJ*". N»-l.i«». Xora and
Tstli* RuanV. A moid Ik«"n. Mis* Edith O»r-
ImiOi* l':»>s llsy \^f. Mi*st» tfusie. Josephine
and ha:/. lx". and Licatfrant John C. OCoa-
Bor.
• • •
To-irsorrotr evening: Miss Irene Wald
b^tmer and L. David Breslauer <->f
• Chlco fttl be married at the bride's
residence. 5flT» Buchanan street. Ilev.
Dr. \J!rey officiating. The wedding will
.be B quiet one owing to a recent death
In the bride's family.
• • •
Mrs. F. Buckingham announces the
msrriace <~>f h*>r daughter. Carrie, to
"Walter A. Horton. The ceremony took
piac<* lest Saturday eveninc at Bt.
Luke's Church, corner of Clay street
and Van Ness avenue. Mr. Horton is
FUT"> p rirrt«T.dPnt for C A. Warren and
» member of Occidental Lod£<» No. 22.
F. and A. M. Miss Kdith Buckineham
Vjifi the bridesmaid and R. J. 'W'riffht
v-'st man. After the crcmnny Mr. and
il.-s. Horton left for L«s Aneeles.
Michael f'atushiar.d Mis-s May Pat
.fnaude were marrird at a nuntual
rays celebrated by Rev. . 'ather Col
lopy in St. Patrick's Church on Thurs-
Oay . rnorninjr. January "1. It was a
v«>ry pretty ceremony and was attend
ed by a larpe number of relatives and
friends. The brul^ is widely kr«or.n in
Pt. Patricks parish and is a graduate
r>f St. Vincent's Convent. The altars
•rcre tastefully derorate-d for the oc
'cj?Mnn and wh^n il'uminat'»d the scene
tvps \-f»ry impressive. T)vir.e the mass
Miss Marie Short presided at the orsran
and played a few choice selections.
Miss Laura Dannecker acted as brides
maid. After the ceremony the happy
couple left the church under a shower
of rice.
• ¦» •
HO5IE PARTIES.
Saturday evening, January 18, Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph Lexcari celebrated
their tin wedding. Covers were laid for
150 invited guests. An elaborate menu
was served, after which the guests
danced in Leravis* Hall. 2440 San Bruno
road. The hall decorations were beau
tiful. The guests enjoyed an impromptu
vaudeville show. Behind a bower of
ferns and roses a stringed orchestra
w,as stationed. Mr. Boiatano furnished
several selections from "La Boheme."
and Joseph Lercaii sans. Among those
present were;
Mr. and Mn. RaXTerta, Mr. and Mrs. <J«
LuBha. Mr. and Mrs. Moaeto, Mr. and Mr».
Herc'.d. Mr. aad Mrs. Benin, Mr. and Mrs.
Terroytro. Mr. and Mrs. Awlerio. Mr. and
Mr*. Chiappanl. Mr. and Mrs. Dlaes. Mr. and
Mrs. Arata.. Mr. and Mn. Sekena. Mr. and
Mrs. Rossi. Mr. and Mrs. C*aipi, Mr. and Mrs.
Advegro. Mr. and lire. Boiatano. Mr. and
Mrs. Armenia, Mr. and Mrs. Gramte, MIsb
Terrcglo, Mr. and Mrs. Eelincirsre. E. Fer
rari, J. and G. Ferrari. G. Grannlne, A. Terro,
Mr. Costeilo, B. Cassella. E. Nushtili. H. De
fc-roat. Mr. Palla. Mr. Serimeo. J. Terrcgio.
Mr. Folari. Mr. P«ula, Miss Cafferata. Miss J.
l^:u:e». Miss J. Deluvia, Mis* i.'happarl. Miss
• Vcr.sse. Miss liosfi, Miss Josephine Deben»
rtettl. Miss Engine Giovanetti. M:bs Dora
iVreghino. Miss Adeline CeregMno. Joseph
Cereghinc. E. Olme, A. P^Jiatano. E. Brizro
'.ara. J. Br!rzc!nra. L. S^ckene, Mr. Arrr.eneo.
F. I^acarsiso. f. Montcbiancc. • Mr. and Mrs.
Barel;a, Mrs. Terroejcio and G. Zaoibinl.
Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Wilgus celebrated
the second anniversary of their wed
ding Thursday evening. January 14, at
their residence, 3SS Oak street. Among
those present were: •
Mr. and Mrs. r\ B. "Wi'rus. Mr. and Mrs.
A. Louderbach. Mr. and Mr». J. I/ittleSeld,
Mr. ar-d Mrs. R. J. Cor.s;i<>s and daughter.
ilr. and Mrs. A. Costello Mr. and Mrs. J.
Whipple. Mr. and Mrs. Wlliiara Pintc. Miss
J. Cappersge. Mr. and Mrs. M. Coffey and
ilaushtef. Mr. and Mrs. E. McCarthy. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Gilson. Mr. and Mrs. \V. Keneally and
•iausriter. Miss M. Clark. Miss X. Dcbolse,
Miss U. «'u:iTiir.Kham. Mrs. Puillvan. M. Leahy,
Miss Anna Sullivan. Dan Sullivan. John Sul
livan. James HughPS. Miss Hughes. Mamie
• 'ui.ningham. EU and V»'ilU» Hcino. Tcm Wall.
FYank Griffin. James McOlynn. Frank Gilson
and lady. John O'Kane. John Dowllng. P. J.
«"oy!e. and Mabl". V.illie. Chariey and Albert
Wilgus. .
On Saturday evening. January 16,
Missr Lillian Becker entertained twenty
live of her cirl friends at her home, 42
Elgin Park avenue. The evening was
pleasantly spent with music, games and
dancing. Among those present were:
Miss Minnie Huber. Miss Edna M. Davis.
MUs Ar.nie Pino. Miss Pauiine Utsrhig. Miss
ll»»e Ttmxter. Mis? Claire Malvlr.a Berg, Miss
• Wtrjde Hurt7ip. M:fs Edith Hawthorn. Miss
Evelyn McG. Kiddf-r. Miss Jennie O'Day, Mies
Josie I'itiv). Mi>s K:r.ma Palaiaountaln. Mi^
Hof-a rtusfi. Mis? Flinily Baron. Miss Bertha
Och«.- Mif« Aray Fischfr. Mi^ Anita Monroe.
Viss V:ila Sander. Miss Christina J. Klass.
Mi?s Laura Waters. Miss Oron'.a Wilson, Miss
llmma Fischer and Miss Lillian Uecker.
Miss Hazel D. Cohen entertained a
number of h*r most intimate friends of
a sorority of the Girls' High School
Wednesday afternoon. The parlors
w?re beautifully decorated with smilax
and azalias. A delightful repast was
served. Miss Cohen, proved a most
charming hostess.
A pleasant surprise party was given
to Sol Kraus at his residence, 765
Eighth avenue, on Monday evening,
January IS. There was singing, danc
ing, recitations and instrumental mu?ic
during the evening Messrs. Byers.
Grosscup and Russell entertained the
guests with a violin, cornet and piano
trio. At midnight an elegant repast
was served. Dancing was then re
sumed. Those present were:
Mr. zr\'\ Mrs-. Fol K.-aus. Mrs. C. England.
Mr* Morgan. Mrt H. MarehaH. Mr. and Bin.
V.\ Dellcn. Mr. and Mrs. J. RoiwHl. Mr. end
Mrs. Piirlar. Mr. and Mrs. M. Jacobs, Messr*.
V. Gr»isscL.n. J. Duncan. F. Ainbro**. Bert
I">err.nnck. Paul layers. B^rt Jastron. \V. Urad
!«>>¦ J' e Morgan. Mr. Lotz. H. I'hi!lips. the
M*ifse5 M»rze R. Iyrt\:«, Z. Hazen. B. Phil
lir-«, H. Ellis.
On Sunday evening. January 17. a
\ery enjoyable surprise party was ten
dtred K. ("erf at his residence. 210:!
Bush street, by Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Mayer. The parlors were beautlfui'.y
decoratea with chrysanthemums and
evfigTeens. and myriads of electric
liphts shed their luminous rays on the
pretty scene. A feature of the evening
was a prize cakewalk by the guests.
The first, prize was won by Miss Lillie
Moor aim A. P. Golly, the second prize
by Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mayer and
the third prize by Miss Fay Cerf and L.
Lobe. Those present were:
Mr. and llr«. <.har!^». Mayer. Dr. A. TV.
Ward. Miss K. A. <:o!»-. A. Bankpr.~Mi<=K A.
K. Barker. C H. Bnihrs. Miss E. Michelfuin.
1). I>s»'iF. So'. «r<»»n. Mi.=s B. Jensen. Gus
Jolmson. Halls n Ore»-n' 1 . Ir\in» Greene, Harry
Itcfenberg. Miss hu«i<- La^^man, Pete Itoulln,
1. I^azanif-. II. h<derer. Mrs. Adclphus Ht<vk,
Jamts Friend. H. Bujiz^r. Miss Cope. Al L.
At>h»r. Gii? Haum. Ben Ho?!«nti*rg, K. C'ranr,
M:.ss Reeina Jacob?. Mi*?> Anna Albcr* J.
l:ichn<ond. Mits H. Pricsfr. Jiifn J. Priester.
MiJ=* Una Tiilor. Xliw Karah Pa»so. A. P.
Gotljr. MlfS E. O. Moor. 1^ J. !>>vy. Uuvli
<*ohn. MI5? E. Turner. Mr. and Mrs. Moses,
C K. I.jon and Arthur Crf.
Mr. and Mr?. R. Costello celebrated
;he fifteenth anniversary of their wed
ding at their home, 4405 Twenty-fourth
street, on Saturday evening; January S.
Among those ixrsent were:
Mr. and Mr*. H. Gurkins. Mr. and Mrs. D.
Courtney llr. and Mrs. P. Mehrkcn*. Mr and
Mr*. V. UcVeJth. Mr. & r.d Mr?. J. Powell, Cap
tain and MrF. Downey, Captain and Mr>-
Hnhl. Mn-. K. M'rk'l, Mr*. J. I.ibhyi
Mrs. K. ffedfm»yi>r. Mr*. M. Hahn. Mrt.
1,-otwi. Mrs. If. Mihach. Mrs. V. Henrley,
Mirr FT. Fr<»y. Miss K. Ftrauh. Mif=.« A. Reich
»it, SlisM i:. Dryer. MiRr«-« Moriarity. M. ron
don. I.. Murphy. M. Mi'Krnzie. J. Moriaritv,
H. ROW, A. Lippi. J. Uppi. \V. Mul^r.
CLUB PARTIES.
A very select party was given by thif'
JU-ubens on the 16th inst. in Assembly
Hall, on Polk street. It was the. first
function of the club, ana the manner
in which the affair was mana£?d
speaks well for the life of the organiza
tion. The german commenced at 10
o'clock and was led by the president of
the club. Cliff B. Ttushmer, assisted "oy
Mis=s ( Nina Jean Cook, secretary,; Miss
Elsie Dunn, K. £>. Kddy and J. M.
Ratto, who led the different sets. Re
freshments were served and dancing
was indulged in until 12 o'clock. The
Reubens is a n»»\v organization and the
success of its first party speaks well
for its future life. Its parties are given
on the third Saturday of each month
and will prove an attraction to the
members and their friends. Among
those present at the first function were:
Cliff B. Rothmfr. Miss Nina J. Cook E r>
Eddr. Mirs Klsl* Dunn. J. M. Ratto. Miss M*
Pym. A. Ruffo. Miss Belv«»a. E. Southard. Mifs
Queen Johnson, TV. A. Haas. Mire G. V. <*on
elley. J. D. Richardson. Mi*s B. Annand F. D
Southard. Miss A. Spark. TV. J. White, iliss A
notfor. A. Eggere. Mis* O. Ferdlnandsen. A.
A. Black. Colin Spangler. H. Cohb. Mi** A H
Kgjrer*. K. C Tower. A. C. Saran. Miss M
Tour.sr. J. L/>sekann. Mil* A. Griffin. A. C.
Wallace. 1*. R. rvmrwter. Miss Olive I-anf H
A. Loveland. G. Gundel. G. W. Drew. TV. Fenn.
A most enjoyable afternoon recep
tion was jriven by the Unison Club at
Excelsior Hall, on January 7. The fol
lowing excellent programme was ren
dered:
Solo. M!m Grace Brown; recitation. MIm
Mar/ Duncan; piano tc'.o. Mi*s LJllie Word;
recitation. Miss Clara Trowbrlds*: piano duet.
Miss Gertie Crtnton and Mrs. Harris: recita
tion. Master Roland Knorph; piano solo. Miss
Susie Hoop«r: song:. Miss Viola Brown; piano
solo. Miss Rita. Sprague: reading. Mrs. Harris:
song-. Miss Cranton.t followed by the reading of
the Union News by the editress. Mrs. Felt.
LIVELY DEBATE
IS LOOKED FOR
Season of Devotion Approaches, and Knowing It Will Furnish Surcease
the Merry Young Set Hurries on in Its Pursuit of Pleasure.
Through "Cafe Chantant," to Be Given at Palace Hotel, Those of Kindly Heart
Will Have Opportunity to Swell Fund for Humanitarian Purpose.
SHADOW OF LENT PRECIPITATES SOCIAL FUNCTIONS INTO THE FEW GAY WEEKS THAT REMAIN;
CLUBWOMEN GIVE EARNEST AID TO EVENT FOR BENEFIT OF TELEGRAPH HILL SETTLEMENT WORK
THE SAN FR AXCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JANUARY , 25. 1904.
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stocks San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. •
Rev. Dr. Fearsc to Speak.
Rev. Mark Guy Pearse, the noted
London divine, will deliver his closing
lecture in this city at the Young Men's
Christian Association on Tuesday even
ing at 8 o'clock.
We have af\ immense variety of mold
ings for framing pictures to order, also
ready-made frames in all the new
shapes, and every tint and color of mat
board and binding paper made. Sanborn,
Vail &. Co.. 7«1 Market street. •
PEUSOXAI&
Mr. and Mrs. J^. rtariKohoff left Tues
dy for New York and Paris.
Mr. and Sirs. H. W. Flsk cf Green
Bay, Wis., are at the Ramona.
5
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
X2T A 1. 1, WALES OF LIFE
Bcrpleide Z« JJmeO. to Cure Diniral.
K. If. I-v^n, N>tr York. X. T.. ears:
"I am v«»ry for.d cf Herpicide and en-
.j"V using it. It is refresh in*."
Dr. J. H. Bush. Toledo, OliJo. writes:
"N'owbro'n Horpieid* has £iv«»n better
satisfaction than anything I have ever
us-d."*
Mrs. Bfrkf.v, of Chadron. N>b., savs of
H^rpirW:
"It Hf^anrd rnv hrad pf dandruff J?nd
Ft'-pix^l my hair from fallinp out. It is
i!i*> b^rt remedy for dandruff I over used,
*r<l I have used a great many."
n. S. Colfnwn. Ann Arbor. Mich., says:
"I hav» uk*kI two bottles of Herpiclde
ard d*»rsv*d b^n^fit thcrrfrom.*'
Sold tar Icadi2is druggists. Send 10c fn
stamps for sample to The Herpiclde Co..
I>?ro;t. Mich.
CASTOR I A
Fcr Infants and Children.
The Kind Yoa Hava Always Bought
Bears the /^F s/&* 'yT*
fciguaturo cf C&ksC/ffia&Qtf
F0STTJM CEREAL.
__ i — . 1 , ¦
"There is a taste of Heaven in perfect health and a ta3te of Hell
in sickness. You have the power to go either
road you please/' £
FULL OF POWER
"The Road
»»m net Oft ft AA
¦ ¦ m W B •* ¦ U \L# r I «¦*
A BOOK OF SENSE.
Sample miniature copies will be found free in every oackaze of
Postum Food Coffee and Grape-Nuts, or sent postpaid for two cents
in postage stamps.
POSTUM CEREAL CO., Ltd.,
Battle Creek. Mich.
__' .._..¦A clerk formerly in the employ of Russell Sage sued
the old man for his salary the other day, and the gossips
are trying to figure out what the young man's purpose is.
He probably wants to take a remote chance of becoming
famous by forcing the financier to pay back something. *
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound. In- artistic Ore
etched boxes. A n!ce present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. ibove Call bids *
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 230 Cali
fornia 6 tree u Telephone Main 1042. •
Look out for 79 Fourth, front of c*l«»
brated oyster-house. Good eyeglasses and
specs. 15 to 50 cents. •
Retreating under the .pressure of his royal relatives
the nephew of Emperor Francis Joseph has refused to
marry the girl of his choice. The young lady, possesses
every virtue esteemed in a woman except blood of the
quality of the Hapsbiirgs. Everything considered she is
to-be congratulated on her escape.
A Nczv Trade.
One of the strangest occupations fol
lowed by the people of the teeming
East Side of New York is that of "dish
lender." There are only two men — one
a Hebrew and the other an Italian—
in the business. They are located in
Baxter and Hester streets, respectively.
The former has his "establishment" in
the basement of a six-story tenement
house. The place is almost entirely
lined with rows of shelves, on which
are neatly arranged tea and dinner
services of varied colors and patterns,
besides dishes and plates of all kinds.
In one corner of the basement ia a
large wooden box, divided into numer
ous partitions, for the knives, forks,
spoons and other "silverware." Most of
the borrowers are as, regular as clock
work in their requirements on Satur
days and Sundays, marriageable
Representative Williams, called by an unkind fate to
the leadership of the Democracy in the lower house,
says that he doesn't know what a straight flush is. Mr.
Williams has sat so long and tried to look pleasant be
hind a pair of deuces in the political game that he probably
has forgotten what a good hand looks like.
THE Democracy cannot even locate the National
Convention without a row. It went to St. Louis,
and was dated at the hottest time of the summer
but the dispute about it was more torrid. Mr. Hearst
had a large contingent of the employes of his papers
present working for Chicago. He opposed New York,
because Tammany had said kind things about Cleveland
and did not invite him to the recent harmony dinner.
His sirens sang for Chicago, and when the committee
stuffed cotton in its ears and steered for St. Louis he
immediately caused it to be announced that the preda
tory influences which controlled the committee feared
him and had side-tracked Chicago on that account
Thereupon he telegraphed a printing office into St. Louis
and announced that one of his invincible newspapers
would be immediately established there, in order that the
people may read his own estimate of his greatness, and
his firm belief that he is the only fit nominee for the
Presidency-
Happy St. Louis! Happy Democracy! ¦ It is "something
CONVENTION BICKERINGS.
The faculty of a St. Louis medical college refused re
cently to grant a diploma to a young man because dur
ing his callow college days he had "loved neither wisely
nor well. The s Supreme Court of the State reverses the
faculty, and now we are in happy possession of authority
to announce that in Missouri love is not in the category
of diseases with which doctors may tamper.
Russian statesmen and governmentally inspired news
papers of the Czar are frank in the expression of their
opinion that the United States was undiplomatic and un
friendly to Russia in signing a treaty with "China in ref
erence to Manchurian ports under existing strained con
ditions. If Uncle Sam's action made for peace in the Far
East, even the subjects of the Czar will praise and thank
us. War is dear at any price.
COPYRIGHT— Writer. City. To se
cure a copyright a printed op;- of the
title of the book, map*, chart, dramatic
or musical composition, engraving, cut,
print, photograph or chromo. or a de
scription of the painting, dravh.g.
statue, statuary or model or design for
a work of the fine arts, for which copy
right Is desired, must be delivered to
the Librarian of Congress, or deposited
in the mail, within ' United States,
prepaid, addressed "Libraricn of Con
gress, Washington. D. C." This must
be done on or before day of publication
in this or any foreign country.
The printed title required may be a
copy of the title page of such publica
tions as have title pages. In other
cases the title must be -int* d express
ly for copyright entry, with name of
claimant of copyrig T \ The st: : jf
type is immaterial, and the print ot a
typewriter will be accepted. But a
separate title is requi ?d or each en
try- The title of a periodical must in
clude t ' date and number; and each
num* er of a periodical requires a se* :*¦
rate entry of copyright. Blank forms
of application are furnished.
The legal fee for recording each copy
right claim is 50 cents, a^d for a copy
of this record (or certificate of copy
right) under the seal of the office an
additional fee of 50 cents is required,
making $1.
Needed Regulating.
The new cuckoo clock, which was
supposed to strike only the hours, but
occasionally added an extra perform
ance gratis, and had to be regulated
in consequence, was a source of con
stant wonderment to small Marjorie;
even more so, indeed, than the baby
brother that had come to live with her
about a month before.
One day baby brother's dinner did
not apparently agree with him, and a
fit of hiccoughs ensued. After a : few
moments' amazed contemplation of
this strange phenomenon, finger in
mouth and eyes riveted on the periodi
cally convulsed countenance of the
pink headed baby, the little girl sped
away to give the alarm.
"Oh. daddy!" she cried. almost
breathless with excitement, " 'ittle
bruwer's swallowed a cuckoo, an' he's
striking hours an' hours an* 'tween
times! You'd better come reg'late him
— quick!"— New York Times.
MARRIAGE CEREMONIES - Mrs.
W. B.. City. This department has not
the space to describe the marriage cere
monies in the various foreign countries.
If you w'" call at the reference room
of the Free Public Library ypu will
there be furnished books that describe
the ceremonies In the different coun
tries.
Cordial invitation to contribute to an agricultural fair
soon to be held at Cordova has been extended to manu
facturers of .the United States. Special stress is placed
upon a desire for American agricultural implements and
farming machinery. Surely this is an opportunity to
show good will to our vanquished Spanish friends and to
demonstrate that we are as proficient in the arts of peace
as we are dangerous in those of war.
MANSARD ROOFS — E. J., City.
The term Mansard roof was given to
such by Mansard, a French architect,
who lived from 1598 to 1866. ' He de
vised such roofs to give height to at
tics.
STATE BOARD — Subscriber, City.
The term of the present members of
the State Board of Health will not
expire until March 29, 1905.
NEW YORK MAYOR— Subscriber,
City. Fernando Wood was Mayor of
the city of New York 1855-1853. and
again 1860-62.
"Answers to Queries.
LIME POINT— Subscriber. City. The
distance from Lime Point, Marin Coun
ty, to Fort Point, San Francisco, Is Just
one mile.
Ignorance Is Bliss.
"You talk about ignorance," said a
well known naval officer connected
with the construction department at
Mare Island a few days ago; "there is
a man working in my department on
the navy yard who is certainly the
limit. About a week ago I went
aboard one of the vessels alongside
the quay wall to take a few measure
ments. I had forgotten that the ves
sel was in a very filthy state on ac
count of the repairs being made to
her hull, and wore my newest uni
form. Not wishing to spoil it I called
a man to me who was working
about the decks. I gave him my rule
and told him to measure the width
of a hole cut in the spar deck. He
disappeared between decks and was
gone attout ten minutes.
"When he came back he handed me
my rule extended to its full length
and placed at my feet a brick and a
short bar of iron. I was very much
puzzled, of course, and was about to
ask him what in the world he was
doing, when he saluted me and said:
'It is as wide as the stick, the brick
and the bit of iron put together." "
Odd Smuggling Device.
There is no end to curious devices for
smuggling. The Brussels correspond
ent of the Morning Advertiser says
that some time ago French customs
officers took possession o-f a block of
stone which they found in a truck be
longing to the Belgian State Railway,
and which weighed nrarly two tons.
The stone had been sent from Brussels
to Peroult Flamicourt. They turned it
over, and found that the underside had
been partially scooped, then covered
with a slab fastened with iron pins.
This was covered with a thick layer of
mortar. "When the slab was removed
700 pounds of tobacco was found In
the stone. An inquiry showed that this
block of stone had made several jour
neys between Belgium and France.
Sometimes .its cavity contained liqueur,
sometimes tobacco. The man who sent
it forth on its adventures was discov
ered. He belongs to Menin. Brought
before the courts in Brussels, he was
fined $20 for making a false declaration
of merchandise. He has yet to be dealt
with by the French authorities.
No Respect.
Superior Judge Greene of Alameda
County tells a good one about jj Dr.
Samuel Merritt and Sabin Harris, the
cattle dealer. Years ago, when the
old doctor, who weighed something
over three hundred pounds, was Mayor
of Oakland, he was strolling down
Twelfth street, near the estuary, when
"Sabe" Harris came along driving a
band of cattle which he had purchased
in San Joaquin County. One of the
wild steers made a rush for the portly
Mayor, who fortunately was near a
place where the two lower boards had
been knocked off the fence. Through
the aperture thus left he rolled to a
place of safety on the opposite side of
the fence from that near which the
baffled steer stood snorting and paw
ing the ground. •
In the process of reaching such asy
lum Dr. Merritt lost both his dignity
and his breath. When he had partially
regained the latfer he struggled to his
feet, shook his fist at Harris and ex
claimed: "How dare you! Do you
know who I am, sir?"
"Oh, yes, doctor," drawled Harris,
"I know who you are, but you'll have
to excuse the steer. He's from the
Joaquin and ain't been interdooced."
THERE is a grim superstition prevalent that no new
century can be born upon this world without a bap
tism of blood. Those mournful ones who croak this
shibboleth point to the record of history for justification
of their pessimism. Looking no further back than the
beginnings of modern history they point to each suc
cessive century's advent with its record of devastating
wars. In the year 1604 the Netherlands were drenched with
the blood of the patriots who were fighting their Span
ish masters, and Germany was torn with religious strug
gles. In 1704 the Seven Years' War was at its height.
Blenheim had just been fought and the war was being
carried on- in the jungles of India and the wilderness of
North America. The year 1804 saw the army of Na
poleon crowding the provinces of all Europe with the
tagles of the newly proclaimed Emperor. Now at the
opening of the twentieth century does the note of dole
still sound!
At the present moment there are battles and the move
ments of armed men in almost every portion of the planet.
Australia, Greenland and the dim. unexplored regions
about the south pole^ are the only lands upon the Al
mighty's fair footstool which do not sound with the
crash of arms or mutter with impending struggle. In
Europe the Balkans are still boiling. In Africa the Brit
ish are mowing down Dervishes with Gatlings. In South
America a revolution is singing merrily in the Uruguayan
kettle. North America has to admit that all is not lovely
in Santo Domingo and Panama. Finally in Asia there is
gathered such a war cloud that its seemingly inevitable
thunder clap will shake the world. Every nation that
can afford it is building herself navies, arsenals and
fortresses. The weaker members of the great family are
hastily taking to cover. It seems that all of the children
of Adam are awaiting, muscle tense, the sounding of
some inevitable signal for the joining of battle.
Within the century just passed thpe occurred some of
the most sanguinary wars the world ever witnessed. Yet
with that same century there was born a universal feel
ing that the millennium days of eternal peace might be
found in the twentieth century. From no less a head
than the anointed of all the Russias came the appeal for
peace, which widened and spread downward until the
meanest nation had caught the lilt of the peace song.
At The Hague tribunal were to be brought all of the ills
of the world for the salve of arbitration.
Even the most optimistic have been brought to ac
knowledge, however, that there can no more be a time
of peace in these days than in the past. The wage of war
is even greater now than it was two hundred years ago.
Catherine of Russia fought Frederick the Great because
the latter passed some personal comments upon her pri
vate life, and Pompadour urged France into war for the
same reason. But now when the nations are all restless
in their land getting and the rewards of a bold stroke
may be the control of a continent, the old selfishness
which has been since Jacob coveted Esau's heritage can
not bend to the altruistic dictates of sentiment and put
aside the old law that might is right.
THE BAPTISM OF WAR.
A Word From Marxsz'ille.
The following from the Marysvilla
Daily Appeal demonstrates the fact
that merit Is not unrewarded:
"For several months past we have
been attracted to the San Francisco
Call by Its entire change of makeup
and its general newsy and wideawake
appearance.
"Its news columns literally beam
with the news of the day presented in
an up-to-date and really very clever
and interesting manner, and its edito
rial page is certainly one of the most
ably written and highly educational of
any of our coast exchanges. The Call
is surely making great gains in circu
lation, and its advertising columns
speak for themselves, as its pages are
filled to overflowing with advertise
ments from al the enterprising and pro
gressive merchants of San Francisco,
not to say anything of the vast amount
of Eastern business it carries.
"The Call's hew undertaking of jgx
ploiting the resources and enterprises of
California is a grand work and Is daily
adding to its already great influence
and prestige."
In the arrest and occasional confession of fiends that
robbed the dead and dying in the Iroquois Theater disas
ter, Chicago is suffering a shocking sequel to her calam
ity in which the nation deeply sympathizes. It seems in
credible that human nature in its modern environment can
exploit such unspeakable degradation, but since it does
legislation to meet it with fitting punishment is justified.
daughters, maybe, whose intended hus
bands are always entertained at tea
those days, accounting for this. There
is more money spent in this way among
the Eastsiders than is generally sup
posed.
TRADE seems to have turned a corner during the
past fortnight. All signs now point to a- good,
healthy spring business. There are no disquieting
indications anywhere and the onl> r unsatisfactory feature
visible is the number of large failures which have oc
curred since the first of the year, but these are a regular
annual feature and to be expected. The movement in
merchandise seems to be expanding rather than contract
ing and all parts of the country report plenty of money,
with collections up to the average. In New York funds
are so plentiful that a plethora is actually reported and
interest is down to i}i to 2 per cent for call loans, while
time money can be had at 3 per cent. As long as money
is in such liberal supply there can be no serious finan
cial disturbance in the immediate future, barring, of
course, some sudden and unexpected catastrophe, which
is not likely to happen.
The bank clearings continue to show a loss from last
year, illustrating the contraction in general business from
the boom conditions of a year ago, and all the largest
cities except St. Louis, San Francisco, Kansas City and
New Orleans show a deficit. ¦ New Orleans " exhibits a
large gain of 38.8 per cent, due probably to the continued
large dealings in cotton there. The loss at New York' is
*7-3 pf cent, due to the decline in speculation in Wall
street. Chicago about balances, the decrease being prac
ticall}' nothing. The aggregate volume of clearances
keeps up, being $2,110,000,000 for the week. The failures
for the week were 358, against 265 for the corresponding
week in 1903.
Weather conditions, as far as transportation of mer
chandise is concerned, have been against the railroads of
late, but in spite of this drawback the earnings thus far
in January are 4.9 per cent over those of 1^03. The same
conditions have also interfered with general trade, but
even with this adverse, factor expansion in spring busi
ness is reported over the whole West, while even the
East, which has been behind the West for some time, re
ports rather more movement than expected. The iron
trade continues irregular, being good in some sections
and poor in others, though the situation in this industry
as a whole is satisfactory. Lumber and building material
are rather quiet at the moment, as is usually the case in
midwinter, but a good movement is promised for the
spring. The general opinion in the iron and steel trade
is that bottom prices have been touched for the present.
As far as the other staples are concerned the situation
seems encouraging. Wheat is selling at better prices
than have prevailed since 1898, owing to an excellent mill
ing and export demand, though in our local market this
grain is not being exported, as holders decline to come
down to the bids of exporters. The demand for corn
and oats is reported good throughout the West, with
higher quotations during the past few days. Increased
strength and activity in hides are reported, while Boston
quotes the shoe and leather markets firm at advances.
The same city reports wool shipments larger than at the
same time last j'ear. Chicago and St. Louis report ex
panding orders for necessaries, such as clothing, shoes,
leather, hardware and groceries, and at the latter point
Southwestern buyers are purchasing freely, even in the
face of higher prices. In the lake regions general busi
ness is reported better on the whole than at the corre
sponding time in 1903.
The provision market, however, is not in a satisfactory
condition and is attracting some attention on this ac
count, as provisions share with iron and steel the reputa
tion of being good barometers to the condition of gen
eral trade. The distributing points throughout the West
are bullish on the market and are buying freely, while
the packers are selling them as freely. The tendency in
quotations is downward, and as stocks are accumulating
the best posted operators express the opinion that still
lower prices will prevail. The production seems to be
larger than the current consumption in this line.
Wall street continues tame and featureless. The tone
is cheerful and business is fair, but the public are still
holding aloof from the market. The war cloud in the
East, while not as dark and threatening as a month ago,
is still sufficiently menacing to render speculators and
investors wary about entering the market. Hints that
Russia is waiting for spring before making any serious
demonstration keep the market in a condition of doubt
and uncertainty, and every fresh movement of troops in
Manchuria, Japan or Korea is but another setback to the
speculating public. It is not likely that Wall street will
emerge from its present quietude until the Eastern ques
tion gets definitely settled one way or the other.
Conditions in California remain about the same, with
this exception, that rains in the southern part of the
State, while not copious, have brightened things consid
erably in that section and allayed a good deal of appre
hension as to the crop outlook, which was becoming
serious. Cattle and sheep were dying on the ranges, but
the grass is now beginning to grow, and with another
shower within a few days feed will probably be sufficient
to carry the stock along. The northern and central por
tions of the State are in excellent condition for the grow
ing crops, though the rainfall up to date is deficient. Cold
weather and heavy frosts have kept the fruit buds back,
thus decreasing the liability of damage by frost later on,
while they have not seriously damaged the new pastur
age or growing cereal crops. For the rest money con
tinues plentiful at reasonable rates of interest, the export
and internal trade of the State are both good, building
operations continue on a large scale, real estate is chang
ing hands freely, with prices tending upward, and the
merchants are not complaining, though all report.busi
ness lighter than at this time last year, with a gradual
decline in the generality of commercial quotations.
The main secret of his power was not
his gift of lyrical expression, great a«
that was. but his ability to touch the
human heart. He was a man of strong
nnd tender sympathies. His voice was
always raised for the downtrodden and
the creak. He sangr out of the heart
of his own poverty, and struggle, and
disappointment songs of hope and
And not only that, but Burns, along j
with Scott, has made the Scotland of 1
to-day, the Scotland which foreigner j
know, the Scotland of romance, the j
S<-"tland in who« reflected glory j
Scotchmen are wont to ba?k with se
rene satisfaction. The cottac<* near ]
"Allovmy's hauntfd kirk," where Burns
•was born \ih yc3rs agn, has become a
shrine for j-ilKrims. and all the places j
around which his genius has thrown the |
glamour of romance are visited year j
by year by thousands of admirers from ;
fill ;*arts of the earth. It is said that i
twice as many pilgrims go to Ayr as to I
Stratford -on -A von.
One of the tests of genius of the first
water i* that its influence continues |
to grow after th^ lapse of time. Burns j
has stood this topt. His star is still In |
the ascendant. Sneaking with true |
prophetic vision he said of himself: "I j
will be more respected 100 years aft«*r '
I am dead than I am at present."
Burns paw thinps straight and he I
speaks of them in language that all :
can understand. His style « clear and
l'mpid as a mountain brook, except \
when he turr.s from his native Doric \
and writes in Knglish; and then it is ]
turgid and bombastic. The Scotch dia- ;
lect in which he wrote has the appear- !
ance of being rude and uncouth, an<l
for the expression of certain ideas it
Is admittedly poverty-stricken. But :t i
is a good vehicle for the expression of
the emotions. It is a good language to
sing in, to pray in, or to make love in.
Burns found it an oxe^llent instrument
for his purpose. Many study it to-day
with patient care in order to dig up
the treasures which he has locked «ip
within it. But for him it would soon
have passed away.
This raises the question: Is Burns
one of those poets who are praised but
not read? Yes, and no. Only a few
read him thoroughly, so as to study
him, but the best of his Bongs have be
come the heritage of the whole English
speaking world.
In his songs, and especially in his
love songs, his rare poetic gift shines
forth. The tragedies of his life came
from his very excess of sentiment. His
strength of passion, combined with
his weakness of moral restraint, led to
his undoing and to the undoing of
others. This he himself pathetically
confesses in the following stanza, which
Sir Walter Scott has said "contains the
essence of a thousand lcr- tales":
I!a<! wo never lovwl sae kindly,
Ha^ we never !ovo<i sa«" blindly.
Never mr t — or ntver r«irt^d,
\\> l:au ne'er been l>roktn-hcarteil.
He was a bundle cf contradictions, i
He gave to others glimpses of heights j
which he himself never succeeded in,
climbing. In the work of his brain he .
builded better than he knew and bet- j
ter than he lived. It is always well.
therefore, to distinguish between Burns j
the poet and Burns the man.
One of the main factors in his popu- I
larity among his own people is found ¦
In the. effect of his creative geniu? upon 1
the national life. It has been said that j
before Burns' day Scotland was an idea ¦
rather than a nation. Ke awoke within j
ft the national spirit. He gave to
Scotchmen that sense of unity which j
makes them feel their kinship the j
whole world over. When his pongs are j
sung the national consciousness is !
stirred and the national pride is .
touched. As they sing "Scots wha" hae ]
wi' Wallace Bled" Scotchmen feel a j
if w inches taller; they have a keener J
sense of their native importance and
proves?. They feel themselves to be ¦
the peers of the best. And when in a j
foreign land they Join hands and sing '
"Auld Lang Syne" their hearts are I
fused into one and they feel like the j
scattered members of one family who j
have met once more under the patri- :
archal roof tree. Is there any wonder j
that th«>y love the r>oet who stirs with- !
in th^m ?uch tender and noble senti- I
mentF?
There rs something pathetic in this ;
annual celebration. Not until after
Burns was dead did the world come to
realize his superlative genius. While
he lived his own countrymen put hir.i ¦
under ban for his roystering life and ¦
for his pavaco attacks upon the Church.
Now in their endeavor to condone for
their nojrlott of this wayward child of ¦
genius th^y are in danger of going to !
the opposite extreme— putting him upon
a i>edo5tal and doins him reverence.
Recently an enthusiastic Scotch ad- .
mirer of the :>oet. after a pretty thor- j
cuph whitewashing of some of his more \
I5asrrant moral offenses, ended his pane- i
gyric by dubbing him "St. Burns." \
Burns was no paint; he was not even "a !
tweet sinner." He had some coarse and
ugly FtreakF *n him. Yet his heart beat
true and his compass pointed right, i
Longfellow" Fays cf him that he felt
Tr.e force.
The «rr3cherr>U!« ondertov and stress.
Of wayward i'S^sion?. and no los*
Thvir kwn remorse.
ET JAMES M. CAMPEIXI* Dk P.
(Fornifr Eflltor Cbrtetenficmi Atxthcr of "Cleri
cal Tyi-is," l'-c
rOspStteM. "*». IT *»j* B. Ectv1°5.)
Til*- 2:th of January is a red-letter
day in tb^ calendar of patriotic Scotch
men. It is the birthday of llobert
Burn?. Scotland's national poet. It is,
kept sacred to his memory and is cele
brated by Sootchir.cn all over the world
vith unbounded enthusiasm.
The Scotch Poet.
cheer. He made men feel the glory
and dignity of manhood. He went be
neath all social artificialities until he
found what was of real and abiding
worth. His song. "A Man's a Man for
a" That," was one of the cleverest,
strongest notes ever uttered on behalf
of human equality and human brother
hood. Were Burns alive to-day he
would sing the new songs of labor,
and put into the mouths of -men their
r.ovr watch cries in the battle for hu
man risjhts. He believed as very few in
his ovrn day did in the noble possibili
ties of human nature, and In the work
ins: of a power by which all wrorg
things would ultimately be righted- In
the darkness before the dawn he couSd
look forward hoperully ajid sing:
Then let us pray that ccm; it mar,
A? cc^ie it will for a' tint.
When man to rran the world o'er
Stall brithers be ict r" that.
Storks.
HT M?.S. VIRGINIA VAX DE "WATTnt
(C^j-risht. l!V»t. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
At a xroman's lunch the other day
the question arose as to what would
be the special luxury in which each
person present would indulge had she
unlimited means. The answers were
various, some saying travel, others en
tertaining:, others numerous pictures,
books and bric-a-brac. One woman
who had paid little durinj? the contro
versy was at last addressed, and replied
by saying that she had not spoken be
fore as shqjinew nc-ne of these present
nrould agree with her.
"For." she said, flushing shyly, "my
desire would be for a large family of
children whom I could have finely edu
cated ard to whom I could give all the
advantcres I would want my boys and
girls to have."
Her remark was greeted with a mur
mur of surprise and dissent.
"Do you really mean that?" asked
one woman incredulously.
"Indeed, I do," was the calm reply.
"To my way of thinking there Js no
greater happiness than for a woman
to be surrounded by a number of chil
dren, witb the means to do them jus
tice."
Ah, there's the rub. Surely 'tis a pity
that the dollar mark must shine
through everything as it does, an ugly
birth scar on the face of nature.
In many case?, however, it is not the
tho-ught of the present expenses of
children, or the thought of what they
will cost during the first fosv years of
their life, that causes people to wish to
have small families. It is rather the
dread lest, when the young people are
old enough to enter college there will
not be the finances necessary to the
completion of their education. It would
be well for those who argue thus to
remember that in this country of ours
few people have, during the first years
of marriagp, the money that is theirs
twenty years later. Each of us knows
married couples who at 25 were poor,
and who at 50 are considered wealthy.
I have ir. mind one man and woman
who were bo poor during the first years
of their married life that the wife did
all her own work, including the washing
and ironing. Her husband is now worth
several milions. In their early mar
ried life they felt that they could af
ford but one child. He was born and
died. Now they look with envious
eyes at parents of large families. They
have the means, without which they
felt they should not have children. But
they have not the children.
I would not have any one imagine
that I would advocate the bringing
into the world more little ones
than one can. at the time,
feed and clothe. But I do
hold that when parents are abundantly
able to provide for their chil
dren during childhood, they make
a mistake in insisting that at birth
there must be on hand the money with
which to send the new-born baby
through college and set him up in the
business or profession he may choose.
A refutation of the theory that the
only reason that American parents
have small families is lack of funds
lies in the fact that it is the wealthy
and well-to-do parents who have few
children.
Let us look the matter plainly in the
face and announce that parents have
no more right to indulge in numbers
of children — crowding into the nursery
in swift succession, taking more
money than the parents .have, making
the payment of just debts impossible,
and sapping the courage of the father
and the strength of the mother
—than they have to purchase houses
and lands for which they cannot pay.
But, when parents can buy luxuries
that are not necessities, and can in
dulge their personal whims and wishes,
surely children have a right to be.
To bear and rear children is one of the
chief aims of woman's existence, and
until she has borne a child she has
not lived up to the purpose of her
being, and hers is not a full, round
life.
The obstacle that stands in the way
of large families to-day is the bug
bear that we may as well call by its
right name — selfishness. And it is the
woman's selfishness. Surely. she
pleads— and with reason on her side
she is the one to be considered, as it
is upon her, not upon the husband,
that the burden of bearing, nursing
and caring for the children comes.
And the American husband, noted,
over the world for his consideration
for his wife's- wishes, declares that she
shall have her way in this matter.
Japanese Loyalty.
; Loyalty to country and Emperor is
instilled in the minds of the Japanese
I from infancy, and the principle of pa
triotism is the strongest motive power
in Japan to-day. It supersedes all oth
ers and amounts almost to fanaticism.
The next most prominent feature is re
j ppect for parents, teachers and those in
authority. The idea of the individual is
only slightly developed, and a man can
hardly be considered to have any ex
istence apart from his family and his
! country- i His duty to his wife and
children is nothing in comparison to his
duty to his parents; and, again, his
duty to his parents counts for nothing
as against his duty to the state and the
Emperor. Every public schoolboy goes
through a course of military drill, and
even young children are taught to sing
the modern songs of war and the old
I songs of loyalty. _
unique in American politics that a candidate for the
Presidency, a multimillionaire, has to establish his own
newspapers in which to announce his candidacy and
trumpet his merits. The party cannot escape him. It
may locate its convention in the Barcan desert, or where
rolls the Oregon, and Hearst will be there with a news
paper. He says now that Gorman,' Olney and Parker all
fea,r him and will join forces against him.
Surely if it were not for his candidacy and for the fact
that he deposits his newspapers as generally and as reck
lessly as a fly does specks much interest would be taken
out of the campaign. He announces with confidence that
he has already pledged the delegations from California,
Iowa, Michigan and New Jersey with a mortgage ready
to foreclose on several Southern States. Heretofore un
heard of but ambitious men are telling their friends that
they are staked out for places in his Cabinet, and some
believe that he has already the right to negotiate treaties
and send them to the Senate.
r
St. Sure Not Sure.
Ralph Hamlin. the man who has
turned the creaking old bridge that
connects Alameda City and Bay Farm
Islanfl for twenty years and let hun
dreds of boats in and out of San Lean
dro Bay, likes to tell how Fred St. Sure.
Alameda's former City Recorder,
once hoaxed half of Alameda County
with the biggest fish story ever told.
Judge St. Sure used to parcel out
news as well as justice while he was
on the bench, %nd five years ago acted
as correspondent for a San Francisco
paper. One day news was scarce, so
the Judge wrote a lurid account of an
extraordinary run of smelt into San
Leandro Bay. His imagination filled
the waters with such numbers of fish
that they clogged the wheels of the
drawbridge. Hamlin couldn't turn it
with a horse and two men. People
lined the shores, armed with pitch
forks and filled their wagons with
fish. It was slyly hinted that a sub
marine upheaval had caused this tre
mendous run.
"Well, say," Hamlin goes on to re
late, "when people read that yarn next
day they came to this bridge in droves
— hundreds. They came afoot and in
wagons from miles around. They
all brought lunches and most of them
babies. They had all kinds of fishing
tackle. Some brought pitchforks,
thinking the Judge's story true. I
sold out all my bait to the first three
men that came. I'll bet I could have
sold $100 worth, easy. Well, there
wasn't a fish caught that day. You
never saw a more disappointed crowd
in your life. But I told them all the
tide wasn't right and to come again.
I'll swear if people didn't keep com
ing every day for a week after that,
but none of them ever got more than
one or two shiners. As a matter of
fact there has never been a run of fish
into this bay since I've been here. It
was all the Judge's imagination."
TRADE OUTLOOK IMPROVING.
'THE -¦•SAN- 1 ' I' RANCISCOXALL,; MONDAY, ' JANUARY "25; 1904.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO GALL
t.. - - . ... j - ¦ -t • -¦ --- - ._. ' ..'.. r ..^^. ii '.^" i . .' :.. _,._¦¦'.,; ri ., - ••;' .' ¦ ..;; ;
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ; . . ........ Address AU Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <S^Hiili* > •"• Third and Market Streets, S. F
MONDAY.... ."JANUARY 25. 1904
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThis ¦ week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. •
Wrist bags, chatelaines, pocketbooks,
eardcases. letter cases and billbooks.
Best goods at lowest prices, and lettered
In gold Trff of charge. Sanborn. Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street. •
Fine Leather Goods.
Elnborntc Arrangements Arc Being
Made for a Grand Display.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 24. — Arrange
ments are progressing, favorably for
the next annual exhibition of the Clo
verdale citrus fair. Many new fea
tures, will be added this year, and
particular attention will be given to
the illumination of the pavilion by the
Cloverdale Light and Power Company.
The attractions will be numerous,
and the residents of the "Citru3 City"
are busy planning artistic designs with
which to display their products. Henry
J. Crocker of San Francisco and the
Italian Swiss Agricultural Colony
have signified their intention of mak
ing exhibits. Attorney Clarence F.
Lea of this cit" has been chosen to
deliver the opening address. The fair
¦will open February 18 and close Feb
ruary 22.
CLOVERDALE CITRUS FAIR.
The Palo Alto Times says that th3
Palo Alto Board of Trade Is preparing
for more extensive advertising of Palo
Alto. It continues:
"It has come to be thought a nec
essity that our promotion work should
deal largely with Stanford University
and its great architectural beauty and
superior educational advantages. This
institution is undoubtedly the greatest
factor in the growth of Palo Alto and
cannot be given too much prominence.
Yet we should not dwell upon this one
point to the exclusion of others, as has
been the tendency heretofore. While
none too much has-been said about
Stanford, too little has been said about
Palo Alto.
"This - tendency should be remedied
In the literature that is being prepared
for distribution during this year. Our
ford University Town.
Extended Advcrtisinc for the Stan-
PALO ALTO IS AWAKE.
town is becoming important of itself
and has many features that will appeal
to people who may not be directly in
fluenced by educational matters. We
should dwell upon its desirability as a
place for. homes, as a place where'in
vestment In realty must increase in
value. We should show the equality of
climate, the natural healthful condi
tions, the beauty of scenery and many
other facts.. This should be done both
by well-selected views and pertinent
descriptive articles. We make these
suggestions without any purpose to
dictate to the committees having 'the
literature in preparation, but to em
phasize the necessity of having- the lit
erature so prepared that it will ac
complish the greatest possible good.
The pamphlets to be issued will have a
wide circulation and not only the first
edition of 5000, but many more thou
sands should be had in view in their
preparation."
There was a large attendance and re
newed interest was manifested in pub
lic improvements which the board has
in contemplation. Among these is an
effort to secure through Congressman
Metcalfe an appropriation by Congress
for the improvement of Suisun Slough
so that navigation by that waterway
will be greatly facilitated. A local com
pany owns a freight steamer which
plies between Suisun and San Francis
co, and nearly al the freight shipped to
and from Suisun in transported by their
steamer. In some places at low tide the
water is not of sufficient depth to float
the boat, which causes serious incon
venience to traffic. With the expendi
ture of about $20,000 the slough can be
dredged so as to be navigable at all
times, which will be of great benefit to
the business interests of Suisun and a
large surounding territory.
The Vallejo News gives an account of
a recent meeting of the Suisun Board of
Trade. The following officers were elect
ed: E. Dinkelspiel. president; J. Len
ahan, vice president; L. W. Taylor, sec
retary: A. Hilborn, treasurer; W. L.
Griffiths, J. T. Cooper and Lewis Pierce,
directors.
PROGRESSIVE SUISUN.
They may here see samples of our
oranges, of our olives, our deciduous
fruits, our cereals, view specimens from
our mines and gain within a few min
utes' time an excellent idea of what
we have. It takes time to gather a
good exhibit of this kind, and as our
office has been but recently opened, the
work has hardly more than been be
gun, but it is part of the general plan
of the Oroville Chamber of Commerce
to have on display here fair samples
of all our staple products and to use
our office to good advantage in im
pressing visitors with the fact that we
have a wonderful country here, -where
An office has been opened on a prin
cipal street in Oroville, where products
are placed on exhibition and where the
secretary can be found. Here visiting
tourists may be given literature de
scriptive of our county and its re
sources.
Oroville has had a Chamber of Com
merce for a number of years, but not
until about eight months ago did the
citizens of this place seem to awake
to a full realization of the importance
of such an organization and evince a
desire to make a concentrated move
ment forward on the lines of progress
set out by such an organization as we
now have.
The old Chamber of Commerce was
given new life at a banquet held last
May, at which were present the promi
nent business men of Oroville and
those living in and about here most
vitally interested in the welfare of the
town and surrounding country. Sup
port was pledged to the new organiza
tion, and W. A. Beard, now secretary
of the Sacramento Valley Development
Association, who was then editing the
Oroville Mercury, took the secretary
ship and retained active management
until he went to Sacramento to enter
upon his new duties. The resignation
of Mr. Beard and the necessary retire
ment of others who subsequently un
dertook the work retarded somewhat
the progress which it was expected
would be made, but Oroville is still
alive to the importance of the work
and there seems to be no reason why
a great deal should not be accom
plished through the organization.
PRODUCTS ARE EXHIBITED. .
resources are unbounded — where the
capitalist and the homeseeker can find
inviting fields.
The objects of the present Chamber
of Commerce are set out in its by
laws. They are to consider and dis
cuss subjects of vital interest to Oro
ville and Butte County; to encourage
enterprises calculated to increase the
prosperity and promote and protect the
industrial, commercial, manufacturing,
agricultural and mining interests; to
attract immigration by advertising the
varied resources of the county; to pro
mote the building of good county roads;
to promote the construction and exten
sion of canals for irrigation and drain-<
age; to promote the building and ex-<
tension of railroads, and to promote the
prosperity of Butte and other counties
of the Sacramento Valley through affil
iation with the Sacramento Valley De
velopment Association.
GOOD OPPORTUNITIES.
We believe that ours is a land of op
portunity such as is not readily found
elsewhere, but never have we taken
energetic steps to let the outside world
know what we have.
Oroville is situated where the valley
meets the mountain, at the foot of the
western slope of the Sierra Nevadas.
It receives its support through a great
diversity of Industries. Lumbering,
mining and stock-raising are carried
on" in the higher altitudes, fruit grow
ing is a leading industry in the foothill
section, and all of the products which
have made the Sacramento Valley fam
ous grow near at hand where the val
ley stretches away from the foothills.
Dredger mining, an industry which
has sprung up within the past five
years, has given the town a wonderful
impetus. Twenty-two of the giant
gold-finders are now at work taking
out the yellow metal, and many years
— probably a quarter of a century —
will have elapsed before the avallablo
tcround will have been worked. Some
valuable orchard land will of necessity
be sacrificed, but the quantity of good
land which will be destroyed is very
small and ntarly all of the work is con
fined to a district which was turned
topsy-turvy by Chinamen in the early
seventies.
MARK NEW ERA.
The coming of the dredger marked a
new era in Oroville's existence. The
town is built on a rich bed of aurifer
ous gravel and the big machines have
come close up to the town limits. They
would like to come inside, but they
can't, and Oroville will always remain
as she is now, the golden oranges above
the ground and the yellow metal below
the surface.
The shortest route from San Fran
cisco to the East lies through the
Feather River Canyon and Beckwith
Pass. A railroad following this
route must pass through Oroville. We
have reason to expect that the route
will bo taken advantage of in the
near future, when we will be in di
rect communication with the East,
and our Chamber of Commerce will
then be of additional advantage to
us. We have mines of value to be
opened up; forests of timber awaiting
the ax and mountain streams to be
harnessed for their power. Lands
can be obtained here cheaply which
will grow aimost anything.
The oranges which may be produced
are unexcelled in the world. Our
olives are so popular when pickled
that our packers cannot supply the de
mand; deciduous fruits grow luxu
riously, and our grain farms are of the
best. Water for irrigation is unlim
ited in supply. It seems to us that
there is so much to atract the atten
tion of the capitalist and the home
seeker here that all that is necessary
to build up our country and better our
condition is to keep awake and make
an organized effort to let the people
know what we have.
Our efforts will not be confined to
advancing the interests of Oroville
alone. The county and the Sacramen
to Valley will receive attention from
us, and we are now circulating Butte
County pamphlets and Sacramento
Valley literature from our office.
Those who belong to our associa
tion pay one dollar a month toward
its support. The board, of directors
are eight in number: C. L. Bills, R. S.
Powers, L. M. Alexander, E. Tucker,
M. Reyman. Warren Sexton, W. T.
Henn and R. M. Green. Mr. Bills is
president. The directors meet month
ly and the organization as a whole,
annually.
A Chamber of Commerce or like'or
ganization is almost a necessity in
this day of advancement. With a
good substantial organization of this
kind we are moving forward in the
line of general progress — without it
we would be lagging behind and miss
ing the good things that would go to
our more enterprising neighbors.
It is proposed to build a dam sixty
feet high at the foot of Bald Rock
Canyon on the Middle Fork of Feather
River and take the water out by a ditch
on the Moorctown Ridge on the line of
the Smith survey. There will be a fall
of €00 feet, generating the great quan
tity of electrical power equal to 20,000
horsepower. A power station will be
established on the South Fork just be
low Bidwell Bar. From here the power
will be taken to San Francisco and
other points, via Oroville.
A portion of the water will be carried
across the South Fork in a syphon and
emptied into the Palermo ditch, which
will be enlarged to carry the increased
volume of water. This will be finished
to parties along the line from Biuwell
Bar to OroVille, inclusive, for Irrigating
and mining purposes.
On November 30, 3903. John C. Boyle
located 15,000 inches of water of the
Middle Fork. At the time it was
thought the location was made for the
Palermo Land and Water Company,
but now it develops that the appropria
tion of water was made for local and
San Francisco capitalists.
The Chico Record gives an account
of the new power and water plant for
Eastern Butte Coun'-. It says that the
water of a large stream has been lo
cated and an electrical force equivalent
to 20,000 horsepower will be generated,
besides furnishing water for dredges
and other mining and irrigation pur
poses.
Butto County Hears of an Enterprise
Promising Benefit.
LARGE POWER PLANT.
BY L. V. IIENDRICK, SECRETARY OROVILLE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
Representative Organization Evinces Desire to 'Make Concerted Movement
That Shall Bring Greatest Good Possible From Its Labors. x
At the annual meeting of the Napa
Board of Trade an entirely new board
of directors was elected. The members
of the new board are R. P. Lamdin. E.
L. BIckford. Frank Horstmeyer. James
G. Kyser. William Shwarz, B. XV. Par
sons and Joseph Levinson.
The starch f.vtory to be built at
Stockton will be the only one of its
kind west of the Mississippi River.
The Stockton Mail says that it will
give employment to fifteen persons at
first. The capacity will be four tons
daily.
The Arroyo Grande Herald says that
50 000 boxes of apples were packed at
Arroyo Grande last season. Of 35.000
boxes packed by one concern, practi
cally all have been forwarded to Aus
tralia and Mexico.
Mayor Lynch has proposed that
Vallejo shall celebrate its fiftieth an
niversary. The News says that such
an affair would largely advertise Val
lejo all over the State. "It will brinjt
visitors by thousands to appreciate
our splendid climate and unexcelled
facilities." it says.
A franchise has been granted for an
electric railway between Lodi and
Stockton.
The Suisun Republican says that
there is much land around Suisun that
could profitably be devoted to pas
turage for dairy stock and the returns
would be quicker and more profitable
than from some products now in
vogue.
The Visalia Times predicts that the
fruit crop In the vicinity of Visalia
•will be heavier thl3 year than ever be
fore.
The twelfth anniversary exhibition
and fair of the Cloverdale Citrus Fair
Association will be held from February
18 to 22 inclusive at Cloverdale. So
noma County.
The Humboldt Times reports that
the population of Eureka, according to
the census just taken, is 11.111. This
is a gain of 3784 as compared with the
census that was taken in June, 1900,
or a gain of 61 per cent. In four years
Humboldt County gained 6559. The total
number of dwellings in Eureka is 2094.
of which were constructed last
year. There'are 2S9 business and other
bullding3. During the four years end
ing December -31. 1903, the arrivals by
sea numbered 83,417. This is the es
sence of a long report that has been
made to the Eureka Chamber of Com
merce.
The Davisville Enterprise reports
that a factory will be established in
Davisville.
The members of the board of man
agement intend that having an agent
in Los Angeles shall be made profitable
by attracting as much attention a3
possible to Santa Clara County.
The San Jose Herald says that the
agent of the San Jose Chamber of
Commerce, who has been sent to Los
Angeles to 'interview the Eastern peo
ple In the south, finds the Easterners
eager to gain all possible Information
about California.
The Palo Alto Times says that Palo
Alto, with an assessed valuation of
$1,652,225 and a population of 3200. has
$517 per capita, nearly twice as much
as the per capita of the two wealthiest
towns in the State.
The Woman's Civic Improvement
Club of Marysville. so writes Mrs-
Marguerite Coult Johnson, president
of the club, has, through the Ellis
Lake committee, invited Superintend
ent McLaren of Golden Gate Park to
carefully view the field in Marysville.
The boulevard will probably be com
menced soon.
Information About State.
Ecstcrners Eager to Gain All Possible
PROGRESS IN* INTERIOR.
GLIMPSES OF INSTITUTIONS OF OROVILLE. WHICH ILLUSTRATE SOME FEATURES OF THE MATERIAL
PROGRESS OF THE HANDSOME CITY THAT OCCUPIES FINE SITUATION IN HEART OF BUTTE
COUNTY'S CITRUS FRUIT REGION AND GOLD FIELDS.
"This outline of the location, area
and climate of Sonoma County makes
it unnecessary to go into details of
thi". that or the other product. Given
a fertile soil, abundant rainfall, no ex
treme of heat or cold, and deductions
present themselves with mathematical
certainty. But if an object lesson is
preferred, the green hills, golden pop
pies, ripe oranges and blooming roses
of February, the mythological month
of fecundation, will furnish it for the
most skeptical."
"The cultivation of the olive and
manufacture of its products is an in
creasing industry in Sonoma County.
It has one hundred thousand trees,
mostly in bearing. Olive oil made in
Sonoma County took a gold medal at
the Paris Exposition and the first
prize at the World's Fair at Chicago.
It took thirty years for the Califor
nians to 'learn the art of making and
ripening wine. It may take some
time to learn how to make olive oil
at a price which will compete with
the cheaper manufacture of Europe,
but American ingenuity will in the
end accomplish it. The export of
olive oil from Sonoma will then be
among its largest products.
"There is a considerable quicksilver
produetitm in Sonoma. One mine
near Gucrneville has been successfully
worked for twenty years, and there
are oth*»r mines of great promise,
near the Geyser Spring, in course of
development.
"One of the most profitable indus
tries in Sonoma County is poultry
raising. It yields a product of $2,000,
000 a year. This large sum is cash
on the nail every day for the amount
sold.
Among the latter the more noted are
the Geysers, Lytton and Taylor's White
Sulphur Springs, near Santa Rosa.
¦ One of the remarkable topographical
features of the county is the canyon
through which Russian River flows to
the sea. The tallest and largest red
wood trees in the State originally grew
on the bottom lands of this canyon.
M EDAL-1YI XX 1XG OLI YES.
"The bulk of the advertising done
has been by means of the Gateway
magazine. Postal cards stating that
the magazl-e will be mailed to any
address upon receipt of four cents in
postage have been sent to all names
and addresses of persons who have
signified a desire to come to California.
During the year 2050 of these people
have written to the Chamber of Com
merce inclosing PL-stage and have re
ceived the Gateway magazine.
"Other copies of the Gateway maga
zine to the number of about 2000 have
been distributed by the California Pro
motion Committee, the State poard of
Trade and the Southern Pacific Infor
mation Bureau. More important than
these distributions, however, has been
the distribution on the part of the
Santa Fe railroad of 25.000 copies of the
Gateway magazine, which it printed
and circulated at its own expense.
"In aditlon to- the Gateway magazine
the Chamber has distributed 10,000
pamphlets in the form of catechisms
regarding the products and industries
of Stockton and San Joaquin county;
3000 illustrated cards; 2000 copies of a
very creditable annual edition of the
Daily Independent. This makes a total
distribution of literature during the
year of 44,000 pieces. The total cost to
the Chamber for .printing has been $33.
"Exhibits of the products of the
county have been maintained during
the year at the State Board Of Trade
rooms in San Francisco and at the local
headquarters in StocKton. According
to a reDort from the manager of the
State Board of .Trade 24,475 people have
viewed the exhibit at that place. The
xeffister at local headquarters shows
President Steinbeck reviewed the ef
forts of the Chamber of Commerce to
prevent the diversion of the waters of
the Sacramento River into the San Joa
quin River by means of a cut through
Sherman Island. A strong delegation
from the chamber attended the conven
tion in San Francisco concerning the
river interest, and "the large delega
tion so dominated the meeting that the
friends of the Sherman Island cut-off
deemed It expedient to adjourn the con
vention without attempting to procure
the indorsement they wished."
The chamber also appointed a com
mittee of five to go to Sacramento to
oppose the passage of a bill to effect
the diversion of the Sacramento River
waters Into the San Joaquin. The com
mittee secured the desired amendment
to the bill before the Legislature. The
committee also had a Stockton man
appointed on the auditing board.
Among the other things accomplished
by the Stockton Chamber of Commerce
in 1903. President Steinbeck reported
that an amendment to the State law
regulating the awarding of contracts
for municipal lighting was secured, and
that the amendment rendered it possible
to make contracts for municipal light
ing for any term not to exceed four
years. The amendment <of the law
opened the doors for competition.
In November last the chamber took
part in the celebration at Manteca in
honor of the completion of an irrigation
system in Southern San Joaquin Coun
ty. The chamber lent active aid to the
Western Pacific Railway in its efforts
to obtain franchises within the city of
Stockton; it entertained a party of Ger
man agriculturists who came to Inquire
into the resources of the State; it sent
special representatives to the Trans-
Mississippi Congress at Seattle and the
National Irrigation Congress at Ogden.
A resolution was secured setting forth
to the Congress of the United States
the needs of the San Joaquin River.
Concerning the work of advertising,
there was matter of special interest in
the president's address as follows:
ADVERTISES LARGELY.
W. P. Steinbeck, president of the
Stockton Chamber of Commerce, at the
annual meeting of the chamber deliv
ered an annual address, in the course
of which he told of the work of the
organization during the year 1903. The
chamber supported a nlan to divert the
flood waters of Mormon channel into
the Calaverag River. It was necessary
to raise $60,000 to pay for the rights of
way for the canal and for land required
for the canal. A bill was drawn by the
chamber calling for an appropriation of
$60,000, and this was passed by the Cal
ifornia Legislature. After the bill was
passed the committee which had been
instrumental in securing favorable con
sideration for it worked to secure
rights of way. -With few exceptions the
owners of property along the line of the
canal have promised to accept the
amounts offered in payment for their
land. Work on the canal will probably
be completed this year.
In May, 1903, so reported President
Steinbeck, the electors of Stockton
voted overwhelmingly in favor of bond
ing the city in the sum of $160,000 for
the construction of a municipal electric
lighting plant, thereby placing their in
dorsement upon the efforts of the
Chamber of Commerce to obtain such a
plant.
SIIER3IAN* ISLAND CUT.
Sonoma's Great Wealth
Is Pictured Fully by
A. S. Luce.
Steinbeck Reviews Events
in Which Stockton
Is Concerned.
"Tho population of the county is 40.
000, mostly engaged in agricultural pur
suits. Its assessed wealth is $27,000,000.
Its annual production of wealth from
the soil is $7,500,000. This is $175 per
capita for every inhabitant, including
women, children and all other non-pro
ducers—or. to put it another way, it is
5900 a year for every registered voter
in the county.
"On the coast south of the Gold Ridge
country there if? a district of low, roll
ing hills, o^-n to the sea, bare of trees
and covered with a rich sward of na
tive grass, green or nearly so the year
around. Some of the largest creameries
and dairy farms in the State arc situ
ated in this idf-al dairy country.
"Sonoma :s a well-watered county.
Through all ite valleys there arc run
ning streams proportioned in volume to
the catchment which supplies them.
Russian River, the largest in the coun
ty, enters it from Mendocino. flows
southwesterly for twenty miles, turns
west and finds its way to the Pacific
Ocean through a depresion in "the
Coast Range. The streams of the small
valleys for twenty miles north and an
equal distance south flow into and
through its channel to the sea. Except
ing Petaiums, Sonoma and the Gualala
valleys it drains the entire county.
There are innumerable'pnringF of fresh
and mineral water in the county.
Secretary A. S. Luce of the Sonoma
County Board of Trade supplies pome
valuable information about Sonoma
County that is up to date. Some of his
statements are as follows:
IN RICH SONOMA COUNTY.
"There are many towns in the county
that are thriving and increasing. San
ger has a population of 1500 and is a
center for grain, alfalfa, hay, lumber,
oranges and wine. The last season
2200 carloads of lumber and millwork
were shipped, and the winery crushed
about 1100 tons of grapes. Reedley has
a. population of about 200. but the post
office reaches over 1500 persons. It is
a large wheat and vineyard center.
Selma is another of the more impor
tant towns. Fowler is the center of a
largf ra'.fin producing district, and also
has the lars^st olive oil works in the
county. Clovis is an important lumber
r-enter, and Laton is situated in a very
fertile district, which is bring rapidly
developed.
There are about 625 miles of main
irrigation canals, covering 350,000 acres
cf land on the Kings River delta. The
combined capacity of the canals lead
ing out of Kings River is 4000 cubic
feet per second. The lumber produced
in Fresno County in 1303 is estimated
to be worth $1,200,000. The quantity
was 60.000.000 feet. The total value of
minerals produced in 1902 was $670,058.
The county is rich In minerals, but
little has been done to develop the min
eral industry. The largest mineral in
dustry in Fresno County at this time
is fcruad in the production of petro
leum. The petroleum output In 1902
was 571,223 barrels.
Fresno County contains many flour
ishing manufacturing establishments,
apart from those connected with the
lumber industry, the capital of which
in 19^0 was upward of six million dol
lars. Besides agricultural implement
works, and a large by-product factory,
there are soap works, brewery, ice
plants, creameries, flour mills and
many others.
At the last census Fresno city had
12.470 inhabitants and the county had
37.662. The area of the county is 5940
rquare miles. The present population
<>f the county is estimated to be 42,760.
The greatest number of land holdings,
*o Mr. Robertson reports, are in farms
from ten to twenty and up to fifty
acres. "There is a mistaken idea that
farms and vineyards are all on a large
scale, but this is no longer the case,"
say* Mr. Robertson.
INCREASE IN PRODUCTS.
An extract is made from Mr. Robert
ton's report relative to the increase in
farm production in Fresno county dur
ir.p tlie last six years:
"The increase in production in or
chard fruits, grapes, cereals and cattle
durir.p: the last Fix years i; very re
markable. According: to the Assessor's
returns. v,hi<h will answer the purpose
for comparison, although as already
stated, much below the actual figures,
we find that the number of fig- trees
has increased by 24.755: olives, 20,113;
peaches. 14S.311; oranges and lemons,
KkCM: but pears, owing to the blight,
have fallen off in number by 17,155.
"The figures for grapes are remark
able in more ways than one. The in
crease la table prapes is 673 acres, in
raisin graphs, 7910 acres, and in wine
grapes L'7.4^3 acres; the latter increase
is very striking. The total increase in
six rears Is therefore 36.076 acres.
"Comnared with the acreage in 1902,
there has been an increase of 216 acres
during the past y«ar.
""In cereals and forage, there is a
l'alljng off in the acreage in wheat of
-4. $26 acres, in barley of 9729 acres,
and of D240 tons of hay. This fallin?
off is explained by the fact that the
fruit cultivation is taking the place
of grain.
"In stock cattle the number has just
doubled, there being an increase of 15,
807. Cows have increased no less than
46.671: horses show a falling off of 2232
in number, and sheep and lambs are
also fewer by 25S.256."
Mr. Robertson also reports that figs
and oranges are cultivated with great
success, that there are 7S.S72 acres in
grapes; that the fruit and nut trees
in the county number 947,408; that there
are 111 acres in small fruits; that Fres
no County is sixth among California
counties in the dairy industry: that
during the last two years the raisin
production of Fresno County was more
than 100.000,000 pounds, a four-fold in
crease: that Fresno city i= the center
of the seeded raisin industry of the
United States; that the total capacity
of the wineries in Fresno County is
about 12.000,000 gallons and the distill
eries of the county have a capacity of
5.000,000 proof gallons.
I RR IG ATI N'G CA SAUB.
George Robertson, statistician <>f the
FYo^nn Chamber of Commerce, has
compiled for the Fresno Republican a
general review concerning Fresno city
and Fresno County. From this it ap
pears thai Fresno County has a grand
value of all property of $34,332,205. This
shows an increase in six years of 55.
£•66,427. omitting railway property. The
funded debt of the county is but 180,000,
which is the total county indebtedness,
there being n<» floating debt. The total
value fif the property «>f the county is
exceeded in the State, omitting San
Francisco and Los Angeles, by only
Alameda. Sacramento, Banta Clara and
tian Joaquin counties. In values Fres
no end San Joaquin counties, as shown
by the returns, are not far apart.
"During three months in th*> pprins?
of this year, when colonist rates from
the East were in effect, the Chamber
maintained a special representative at
the State Board of Trade rooms. A
special fund was raised to meet this
expense, and the amount raised was
$38 65 in excess of the cost.
"The work of preparing an exhibit
for display at the Louisiana Purch.iss
Exposition which is to open at St.
Louis. Missouri, in May. has been left
to a joint county commission com
posed of members of the Board of
Supervisors and representatives of the
Chamber of Commerce. The commis
sion has had a man in the field gath
ering material, and has been actively
engaged in the work of preparation
for the past six months. The ex
pense has been borne by the Board of
Supervisors and it is the hope of the
commission that the money now on
hand in the special county funds, to
gether with what can yet be appropri
ated, will be sufficient to carry out
the work as planned. If this hope is
fulfilled there seems to be no reason
why San Joaquin County should not
have one of the most attractive and
comprehensive county exhibits on dis
play at St. Louis.
"The Chamber of Commerce began
the year 1903 with a debt of $1105 57.
and it was feared by some that th«
effort to pay this debt while meeting
the current expenses of the year
would injure the efficiency of the
chamber. Such has not proved to be
the case. The chamber has not only
paid all current expenses while con
ducting a successful campaign for a
municipal electric Jight plant, divert
ing canal and other matters spoken
of in his report, but it has paid off
its debt and begins the year with
$254 07 and a monthly income of
$467 to its credit."*
"In addition to the exhibits men
tioned. th3 Chamber made a display
of San Joaquin County products at tht»
State Fair in Sacramento in Septem
ber. Owing to an arrangement made
with a citizens' committee at Sacra
mento the Chamber received $500 for
making this exhibit. The total cost
of making the display was $531 90.
The cost to the Chamber was there
fore hut $31 90. and in return for thi*
the Chamber came into possession of
exhibit material of the estimated
value of $250.
MAKE OTHER DISPLAYS.
1373 names for the year, of which 474
were from the Kast. As» only about
one in five register it is conservative
to say that 6S00 people have visited the
local headquarters during the year and.
that 2370 of these were Easterners.
During the year the local exhibit has
been enlarged and improved until it 13
believed to be the most attractive and
complete exhibit of county products
north cf the Tehaehapi.
Fresno's Resources Are
Given Careful Study
bv Robertson.
Official Statements Make
Excellent Showing
of Counties.
OROVILLE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE TELLS OF THE MANY ADVANTAGES THAT ARE TO BE ENJOYED
IN ITS HOME CITY AND OF EARNEST WORK WHICH IT IS PERFORMING TO PROMOTE PROSPERITY
Scope of Operations
Grows Broad and
Far Reaching.
Important Proceedings In
augurated to Secure
Good Results.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, MONDAY^ JANUARY- 25,: ' 1904.
7THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, TANUARY 25, 1904.
8
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
GARDENER, first class understands thor-
oughly all branches of *"d c n'n*. with 1H
years' California experience, wishes a steady
position; first-ch»«s references. Addreaj
Uarden*r. 5»it> Oerman Hotel, city.
STEADY, reliable man would like po»ltlon as
Janitor, watchman or collector; can *}«?"»&
best city rsfereaces and bends if required.
Uox S7.H, Call. „
CARPENTER good, hotel, store or institute, a
Kttle over Btt years, but active; first-class
references: $3 per day; formerly in L. H.
navy. Box 81)6. Call. '
MAN with 3 in family wishes place to care for;
practical k.iowleds 1 * of ranching- cattle, etc.;
small waze«. with privilege of raisinr poul-
try. Call or eddress Rancher. 230 Cheney it.
YOUNG man. steaily anil capable, desires posi-
tion on private place first of the month: gcoj
gariiener; understands horses; good driver;
can miik. Box 1U15. Call office. Oakland.
STEADY young man. understands care of
horses etc.. wishes position on gentleman t
place; can milk; handy with tools. Bex 631.
Call office. ¦ %;,-<-. -^ ; '
MARRIED rsan wishes situation as shipping
clerk or porter; 4 years' experience with on»
house: references. Address G. H.. 1210 Mo.
sen st.
COMPETENT bookkeeper. 9 years" experience
bank, flour mill and export business, wants
position; first-class city references. Box 671.
Call office. .
BARBERS — Position wanted by a first-class
barber: 11 years in San Francisco and 3T
yars of age: married; wants steady Job. Box
690. Call office.
BARTENDER. German; sober and honest; of
"long experience: can keep books: wanta po-
sition in club or hotel; city or country. V.
box 14P. Call. ¦
TEAMSTER, experienced, wants employment;
will be willing to assist In ether work. Dox
413. Call office. >
( YOl'NG man. well acquainted in the city,
wishes a position driving light wagon or
work insld*. F>ox 621. Call.
YOUNG man wants night work In hotel cr
rlub; first-class references; very handy. Bex
5U4. Call office.
A PAINTER, paper hanger and tinter will do
wcrk at ppecial prices to get starte-1. M. H.
Morris. 1914 Geary st.; phone Polk 2150.
EXPERIENCED druggist: • city or country:
competent to take (ull charge; licensed;
single man. Box LCS. Call.
YOUNG man (German) wants position as ship-
ping clerk: don't care for high wages in the
start. Eox COO. Call. _
POSITION in city or country, or as man about
plac». by steady, reliable youns man: bandy
on general repairs. Box 983. Call office.
GARDENER, man about private place wants
position: can milk; handy with carpenter
tools: Canadian; age 34. Bex 986. Call.
PAINTER and paperhanger wants work by
the day: prices reasonable. CHA9. SHIREY.
430 Sixth st.
WANTED — A situation for a 18-year-old boy
in office, wholesale house or factory. Addrea*
Box S07. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wishes to take chars*
of wcrk for property owner, city. S. F. ; best
references. Pleasa call or write 1832 Powell.
A GERMAN atone mason and cement worker.
understands re»er»olr and oil tank work,
wanta a position. Box 414. Call.
GOOD paperhanger. tinter and painter wishes
ptsltlon in city or country; good at hotel
work. Box 734. Call office.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Box 42a.
Call office. .
SITUATION Jii private family by FTeaca
gardener and florist. Box 702. Call.
A NEAT boy wants a position in ofSce. Ad-
dress box 600. Call. *
PAINTER and decorator want* work in city
or country. $3 per day. Box 874. Call.
A BOY wants to learn a trade, plumbtr.s pre-
ferred. Box 424. Call.
BY young colored man. place to work as
porter or Janitor. Box C2«?. Call.
SECRETARY'S position wanted. Addres* 1709
Gough st.
A CAKE baker wants a position. Box 6C8,
Call office.
A SOBER, reliable man wants work In whole-
sale district. Box BSD. Call office.
POSITION as stableman by competent m»i».
Box 519. CaJl.
WANTED — Position as first-class eellar-mao.
H. K.. llelrose. Cal.
WANTED — Situation as carpenter's appren-
tice. Address 307 Market "t.. Oaklamt
MARRIED man wants position as atableiaaa
or teamster in city. Call 439 Third st.
EXPERIENCED stock boy wants a poaiticn.
Box 7C5. Call.
COLORED man and wife would Ilka a situation
in country: can do anything. Box 3292. Call.
A JAPANESE boy wants to do housework,
from 4 o'clock afternoon, and morning work.
Box 771. Call office.
A BUTLER wishes a situation In private fam-
ily: good reference. Box 691. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertlsments ar.d subficrlptloTKt
received at CaJI branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an*
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia st.
TACIAIt M-S.3SAQH.
A — WRINKLES removed ; fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method; 50c. M. LUTON. man!-
curlng parlor3. 704 Larkin st. ; phone Polk 17.
FEATHER REXOVAT1 NO.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feathtr
Co.. 325 Van Nwi ave.: t«l. Howard 3167.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immtai* list:
«ei-vic» absolutely fre«; taks advantage of
this department: tt will sava you tlm» and
trcable. Cordea Furniture Co.. 243-259 Qear*
s:., on th* square.
*
ALL of the most desirable flats and houaoa ar*
listed In our renting department; let us glv»
you a liet and help you rln<i on* in th* loca-
tion you want. STERLING FTJRNITURB
COMPANY. 1030 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
NEW flats to let. not yet completed; every
possible convenience; close to main entrance
to park: every room sunny; 5 car lines-
renta $27 50 to $35; open 2 to 3. Seventa'
St.. near Fulton.
WASHINGTON. 2872 and 2S7S. corner DeTis-
adero— Elegant, modem, artistic, sunny Cats;
8 rooms and bath each; complete in every
detail: rents reasnnable. SHAINTVALD
BUCKBEE A. CO.. 213-220 Montgomery st
DOLORp, 235. nr 16th— Elegant new modern
nat. 8 winny roonn; bath: & bay windows.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to letTcali
on LfON ft HOAG. 116 Montgomery st
NEW tunny flat; 7 rooma and bath. 3530
Sacramento st.; rent $35.
NW. cor. McAllister and Flllmore sts.. 7 sunny
rooma. with five bay windows; rent $35.
WJP?!, »7%— Fish— .1 rooms, bath. $13; 162O
Point Lcboa ave.. 3 rooms. $9.
$7—2 LARGE rooms and yard. 728U lUrri-
son st.. bet. Third and Fourth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Tho Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 p« r y - ar *.
FLATS TO LET — FUR.XISHED.
FURNISHED flat. 4 rooms and bath '"$30^1510
Chestnut st. Apply 044 Van New ave.'
FLAT of 7 rooms, partly furnished; cheaD lin«
Folsom «t.. comer Eighth. P- llos
... f_ LA T* FOK !*ALE-yCK.\»HBP. '
,6-ROOM flat, furnished., fc>r~7a7^a7To77o^7
OAK. 354 — 'Flat 5 rooma : a snap.
h URMTtRK WASTED, J
HIGHEST prices for furniture^ndTmii*!. t ' tT
BURP, auctioneer. ISIS Mkt.: teKHn^J^
KUK.MTLKK y O<t MAXsT
FOR «al#— Furniture cf a 6-room fiaf carnet..
bedroom suites, Darlor set. dlnine-Awim » *J
kitchen furniture: al! new. O n y £eT ""2
6 months. Adore.™ b-x «J1. cil|.
A— Bra«s bed?, hair mattresses w'eath^Ti "
hogany. maple, (urn.; hand'om* dlnfne
drai,erl M .curta,n.:trt. Pa g9 71.™' 1 %£"£ .^r
F %t"gr^£S? t S£ fc V ™™» «* -th:
LODGIXG HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
C. E. HINKLEY, PHONE MINT 798.
1020 Market st.. Opp Fifth.
Former patrons my best, references.
Reliable dealing. Easy terms. Clear titles.s
Country correspondence promptly answered. '
Part cash. Balance, monthly payments.
10 rooms; Geary st. ; speculation $760
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $55 $1000
7 rooms; Leavenworth st.: rent $30 $350
60 rooms; Market St.: liquor license $4000
.17 rooms: Pine et. : clear $50 $T00
9 rooms; Sutter st. ; partially furnished. $n.")0
112 rooms; California st. : rent $50; a snap. $750
31 rooms; Fourth and Market: a gift. . .$lf>00
10 rooms; Geary St.; clears $40; rent $2S.$500
24 rooms; Leavenworth st.; speculation. $1900
10 rooms; Bush st. ; rent $37 50: only $4,V)
32 rooms: Market St.; 5 years* lease $2500
16 rooms; boarding:^ offer, wanted $900
100 rooms: grand sunny corner $7C0O
IS rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent $45 $500
35 rooms; transient; lease $1500
20 rooms; lease; electric lights $650
8 rooms; Post St.; rent $32; only $250
Grocery and bar; rent $20, $T75
15 rooms: Fifth and Market; rent $35 $350
U-room flat; cost S7C0; rent $30 $.150
12 rooms; Polk st.; partially furnished $450
63 rooms; Mission and 6th sts.; lease $4500
0 rooms; Larkin St.; rent $32: only $250
45 rooms; partially furnished; rent $S5..$15OO
HOUSE, good location. 4 blocks from Market
et. ; 15 rooms; good paying house: will sell
reasonable; low rent. Box 650, Call.
FOR sale — Lodging house. 32 rooms, $2830;
down town on prominent street, near Market
Box 930. Call.
19 ROOMS; rent $75; price $1200- easy pay-
roents. ANDERSEN, 935 Market st.
LODGING hotfs?, 22 rooms': price $2730; on
Powell st.; central location. Box 512, Call.
LODGIXG-HQI7SES TO LET.
LODGING-HmJs^^l^r^o"n^er^ur^sT7
near Kenrny, upstairs; notice on premises.
SIMUITUA LIS 31.
MRS. DK MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love; readings by mail most
satisfactory. $2; readings daily. 91; deve'op-
ing class Thursday. 8 p. nx. 502 Eddy »L
MRS. KOTTER. ctrcle every night, 10c; devel-
oping circle Mon. eve.; sit. daily. 43 Sixth.
PROK. FKEP EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
flate- writer. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott SS7.
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium-
circle to-night, 10c; readings dally. 142 6th.
MRS. TRACY, 143 Hyde St.. clairvoyant; cir-
cles 10c. Tue. & Thur.. 8 p. m.: reads. 50c-$l.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle Friday eve7
25c: sit, dally. 1000 Harrison; tel. Mint 907
EDWARD EARLK. 1OB2 Ellin, rradinrs dally.
B:3O to 4; »anr» Sunday and Thumday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
CASHMIRE . CASHMIRE
310 Ellis St.. near Taylor.
The Only Psychic Intermediator
of Secret Power in America.
Clairvoyant, Palmist, Trance Medium.
So strange Is her work, without word or
question tells you Just what you want to
know; tells your name in full and the name
of the one you will marry.
A— $1 THIS WEEK *]
Wonderful, bewlldcrine is the work of
Cashmlre, peer of all clairvoyants; her read-
ings are a revelation: advice on love, mar-
riage, courtship, business, mines; reunites
the separated: gives secret power to control
any one in 21 days; removes evil influences;
develops mediums: locates hidden treasure;
gives names, dates, facts; readings by mail.
A— PAUL DESTINE,- "~~
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant
and Palmist Ever !n San Francisco.
1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or false: tell who and when you will
marry: in fact. I will tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can tell yourself; I
reunite the separated, restore lost affections,
cause happy marriage, give good luck, restore
lost enenrv: 10 a. m. to 8 d. m.; Sunday. 2 to 0.
32« O'Farrell «t. Low f«» this week— $1.
MME. M. BERNArBT THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. r?ext Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
' occur in tho future; if you are in trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, cr
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and yon will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in all
affairs of life; 25c up: eatisfactlon guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 45H9.
ISMAR. the Egyptian ¦ gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
it., cor. Turk;/ private readings dally, 10 a.
rn. to ft p.m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as' In person; 3 question?. answered, $1;
full life, $3; send lock of hair, dtte of year
of birth; don't s;nd currency: send postofrtce.
TVells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and card
reader; business advice: sittings dally; 10 to
12 a. m.. 1 ta 7 p. m. ; 25c up. 38 McAllister.
MKS. A. H. KUONENBERG palmist, clair-
voyant. card reader: when others fall try me;'
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G. ave.
RETURNED from her European trip, Miss M.
Willo will open her offices January 26. 460
Geary st.
A — lime. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 835 Howard, bet. 4th&3th.
MISS ZEMDAR~our>g gifted claTrT and palm.;
names; 1. r»Oe, g. fl. 711 Franklin.nr.G.G.avj
MISS WARD, for a few days. 917 Market, rn.
11-12; gives, dates, name.«. facts. Hours 11-9.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c:
gents 50c. 951 Mission St.. nr 6th: open Sun.
MRS. BnOWN. clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 €th to 23>,i Cth: la. 25c,g. POc.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
20^ Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c; gents, 50c.
MME. LE FERN, the card reader, has re-
moved from 103 Fifth st. to IIS Ninth «t.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
tel'.er. l» now at 317 Ellis st.
' MP.S. SHAFER, clairvoyant, enrd reader; Mt-
ttngs dally. 41S 1 j Jessie et.. bet. 5lh and «th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 centa— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
¦CAHraT HEATI.VG ASD CLEAKUG.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal: :ce moderate;
S. F. Comoressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
Phnne Main 6237.
WHEN you' become disgusted with your work
B«-nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Work*. 355-i'57 Tchama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning; 3c: tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating: mat-
Uessf-s mad* over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 21tf-
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RTTDOLPH & CO.. .carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 170.1 Harrison St.: tel.Mlsslon -'«3.
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 2C.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mad*;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. 416 Montrorawr. rooim 0-10: t»L 63*8.
CJH.ES BUyTCBS.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTElt. 120U Xarkai *C
Eend for circular. Why will you sufier?
IJK.VriSTS.
DIt. CmUS3, 504-5-6 CalTaghaa "bldfTT^Iarket
and McAllister sts.. uses the Baaford Obtun-
der; the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing. . drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144.1 Market.nr.Eleventn
— No charge for extracting when plates arr
made; old plates ri.ade over like new; te«:h
from $S per eet: extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW r.xte — The Whale-. r.v— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings. 0(>c:
plates. $•".; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2t Sixth,
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist.
room 14. Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Dush—
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns S2 up: fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, S5c: crowns. $2: no
pain; open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewltt,201Sutter
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst & knifa plaiting; double
stamp's on dress linings. Stewart'* button <fe
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel.Folaom 2121
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER enlargement at CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE; an army of workmen
are putting the finishing touches on our new
¦ home, 901-925 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has been one
of the greatest successes of the West; 18,000
; cquare feet, S5 rooms, 450 students, IS teach-
ers. Write for 75-page illustrated catalogue.
The growing life and enthusiasm here will
be a constant inspiration to you.
% AYRES, tho leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established IS years: life scholarship,
$50: bookkeeping, shorthai d. touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling., etc.: positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW juvenile dsoartment of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open: applicants re-
ceived from 6 to 12 years of age: Miss Lillian
Musclo. principal: exceptional advantages;
largest school of the kind in the West; send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F.' — Bookkeeping, shorthand, tcuch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night tesslons; Illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
fcr the university, 'aw and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established "0 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
childten't classes are now open for the season.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Kills bcokkeepins. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st
HEALD'S School of Mines tz Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S. F.: a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1861. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CARLOS N. KELLER, tenor soloist and teach-
er of the art cf SINGING: piano taught.
Studio 361 Geary St.,
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day e-gv., Teutonia Hall, Howard st.. near
Oth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra oractlce. 402 Geary st.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFlllppe'a Academy
of languages. ir.'O Post :estab'd 1871 ;ablest profs.
SPANISH evening classes trl-weekly. $3 a
month; beat lessons in the city. 578 Sutter.
PIANO lessons. 2.1c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; clay on eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. gth.
~ KMPLOYME J»T_ JJFf I CKS.
GET your help at PINE JAPAXESE^EMPLoK
MEXT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co.. VXXi'
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E. Church: phone Polk 3636.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese emplcyment office; fur-
nishes btst help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 42£ Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japc-nese-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415
_Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, rellablejielp.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Office. 115 Franklin at.; phone Folsom 2S36.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EM1M.OYMEXT WAX TED — FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation in
private American family; will do some
washing; will go across the bay and will
give good reference. 704 Folsom st.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework in American family; wages $25.
2S0 Lexington ave.. near Twentieth st.
A POSITION as waitress or chamber work;
wages $.'50. room and board; references. Box
778. Call office.
INFANT'S nurse wants situation. Call at
4 Dody St.. oJT Turk, near Larkin.
YOUNG lady, thoroughly competent and ex-
perienced stenoisraDher and typewriter, ac-
customed to law, insurance and bank work,
dr-slres position in or out of city; highest
references. Box 425, Call office.
A YOUNG girl lately from Germany would
like upstairs work or care of children; is a
good sewer. Call Monday or Tuesday or ad-
dress 3925 Seventeenth st.
A YOUNG lady wishes a position as second
girl in a private family; speaks French and
English;, good references. Address I. D..
502 Washlncton st.
WANTED — Situation to do general housework;
small wash; wag's $15. Apply at or address
LENA PETERSEN. 1412 L. St.. South S. F.
A YOUNG woman wishes any kind of work.
' afternoons or part of evenings. Address Mrs.
C. IL, 20S1 Twenty-stxth^st^
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes lodging-
hou»« keeping: home experience. Apply at
102 Natoma st.
A FIRST-CLASS Spanish. French and Ameri-
can cook -wishes position; does not speak Eng-
lish: first-class and competent. 003 Stockton.
A~FIRST-CLAS8 Spanish. French and Ameri-
can cook wlbhes position; dees not speak Eng-
lish; first-class and competent. «03 Stockton.
GIRL wishes place in pmall family for light
housework- Apply 1217 Stelner st.
YOUNG woman desires position; light house-
work and assist with children. Box 692, Call.
VIOLIN teacher wishes more pupils: best ref-
erences; lessons 7.V. Box 834. Call office.
YOl'NG lady wants position as stenographer
or copyist. Box 012. Call. •
YOl'NG lady wishes petition as stenographer;
wages. $0 per week. Box 635, Call.
WANTED— A situation as upstairs girl. Call
or address M. M.. 1223^ Bush et.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions receiTttd at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tha
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st. -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — 3IALB.
RELIABLE, steady man wishes wcrk about
private plac»; fan milk, attend horses and
do plain gardening thoroughly; willing; ref-
erences. Box S21, Call office.
STRICTLY sober man. urrderstands care^ of
horses, milk, good driver and general handy
man. A'ldr<;ss box 076, Call office.
BARTENDER wants position, city or country-
can furnish reference. Address box 527. Call.
YOUNG man. 18, -drive wagon and make htm-
- self useful in market. 1C04 Hyde st.
A GOOD barber wants- situation; extra or
stradyfl Ad<ircss» box 570. Call office.
COLLECTOR on fraternal paper covering S T
and vicinity desirea additional bills of any
kind: experienced and tactful. Box 417, Call
WANTED — A ccsltlon on cattle, fruit o-
chicken ranch cr other work. J. KARii,
012 McAllister st.
YOUNG man «O?rman) wishes pcaltlon as
waiter in restaurant, saloon or boardine-
hou.'e. Box - 620. Call. "
CARPENTER work wanted direct from owners:
5-J or contract: first-class work: best of refe--
wicm. Box 430. Call office. " —
A NEAT boy wants a position. Box 607.
Call office.
LODGIXG HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
4M Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3607, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
\V e do business strictly according to law.
v xr 10 5 R OOMS— ARISTOCRATIC.
ivew and modern apartments, elegantly fur-
nished; 8-year lease; income $1007; expenses
$UJO; .exact profit $45S per month; the why,
sickness.
30 ROOMS— SWELL.
i^ew and modern; extra flue furnishings; hot
water in even* room; fashionable location; only
$2000 cash necessary: clears $175 month.
B0- ROOM CORNER.
New and modern: 4-year lease; price $4000;
clears $20. per month; almost no work.
24 ROOMS— EXTRA.
New and modern; on Sutter st.: elegantly
furnlihed, and clears $150 to $175 monthly.
20 UP-TO-DATE ROOMS.
r*ew and modern; mahogany furniture: heavy
Brussels carpets: hair mattresses; clean and
quiet; Income $111 over -expenses; all perma-
nent roomers.
15-ROOM SNAP.
New and modepn; splendid sunny corner;
clears $S0; will sell for $1200 less than cost.
10 ROOMS ON SUNNY SIDE.
New and modern; rent $50; full of nice peo-
ple: small amount down and monthly install-
ments.
44 ROOMS— A MINT.
Others have cleared $300 a month in this
house; better investigate and make an offer.
11 ROOMS— A GIFT.
Only $150; big bargain; only partly furnished;
full of roomers; price only $150 U. S. money.
65 ROOMS— DEPENDABLE.
New and modern; 6-year lease; splendid fur-
nishings; profit $452 over all expenses.
21 ROOMS — O. K.
Centrally located north of Market st. ; part
offices; clears steadily $90 month; very easy
terms.
40- ROOM SNAP.
New house; new furniture; owner. has rheu-
matism and compelled to sell; price asked is
$3000.
25 ROOMS— CHEAP.
Cheap rent. $50; cheap house, $1250; but it
must be sold; full; part housekeeping.
52 ROOMS— SWELL.
Spacious grounds; corner: homelike; nice
class of roomers; rent only $125; profit $200.
S2-ROOM HOTEL.
Mechanics' headquarters; well established;
& full house all the time; bar; a splendid busi-
ness.
15 ROOMS— PERMANENT AND TRANSIENT.
Good for $100 month; $1200; one-third down.
403 Haight st.'; 8-rocm corner flat; $650; rent
$30; income $52 cash from 5 rooms; terms. $150
down and balance as you make it. Why do
you pay rent when you can make $22 profit
and have 3 rooms for your own use free? Will
exchange for a vacant lot.
HANDSOMELY furnished, sunny 10-room
house; rent only $38; splendid location in
Western Addition: always full; clears $35
over expenses, aside from very large room
for owner; price reduced to $600; the bargain
of the city. MARION GRIFFIN, 406 Exam-
iner building.
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO..
Phone Black C901. 777% Market st.
Bank References
Any House Sold on Easy Terms.
Grand Geary-st. flat, 8 rooms; rent $42 50;
$600; easy terms.
Sunny corner — Eddy-st. fiat. 8 rooms; ele-
gantly furnished; price $650; see this.
20 sunny rooms: modern; elegantly fur-
nished; swell location; reduced to $2100; sick-
ness cause. . .
C5-room apartment-house; sunny oorn«r; ele-
vator; good lease; low rent; price $4200; bar-
gain.
45 rooma; 20 newly furnished; long- lease at
$85 rent: price $1500; make offer.
60 rooma; fine transient house; liquor
license; 2 entrances; trade for real estate.
14 rooms; north of Market; rent $60; $850.
31 rooms; close to Market; snap; rent, lease;
reduced to $2400; baxsraln.
Attention, buyers— We hav* here the most
exclusive list In this city of the new and mod-
ern rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
fiats not advertised: call on us before buying;
we have your Ideal. CALIFORNIA INVEST-
ME.VT CO.. 777^ M.-.rket «t.
APARTMENT- HOUSE— 7(5 rooms; beautiful
light apartments; this house is artistic and
munificently furnished; In fact, the best
laid out Rpartments in this city: rent leas
than ?o Do room; clears $200 month: price
,-VESTMKXT CO.. 777^ Market st.
H. C. DECKER.
H. C. Decker, 00C Market St.: phone John 531
Roomlng-IIcuse and Hottl
Broker for over
t v 2 R years In Pan Francisco.
I nave all tha paying houses that are for sale.
All TitlM Guaranteed.
Money Loaned on Any Hous*.
HousAs Sold on Installments.
Large Ix>t of Flnts.
20 Apartment Housep.
6 Country Hotels and Bars.
Houses All Sizes and
Pries, from 10 to 800 Rooms.
Prices from S50 to $22,000.
% You Can Rave Money
By calling on If. P.- DECKER. 006 Market st.
A— JOS. SKIRM. 6 EDDY ST.. ST ANN'S
BUILDING: PHONE GREEN 631
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
20 rooms: POLK ST.: sunny corner-
rent $4 room; clears $S5; payments. . .$1500
Swell flat; 6 rooms; SUTTER ST. near
Hyde; magnificently furnished; only
?100 cash; balance as you make it.
GO rooms: newly furnished; clears $125-
¦ half cash $2200
44 ROOMS: new modern building';
CLEARS $175 and owner reserves 6
rooms: 5-yr. LEASK; easy payments'. $2700
Any; house SOLD on monthly PAYMENTS.
WHY pay rent when Andersen will sell you a
lodging-house on easy payments? ANDER-
SEN. 935 Market St.. room 1.
10 ROOMS: cheap rent; part cash balance pay-
ments. J. ANDERSEN. 035 Market St.. r. 1.
FAMILY hotel, across the bay; aunny corner;
.central; 64 rooms; rent $115: clears $550 per
J r !o nt . i } : ,, a bar «iln: must sell. Address box
1'48. Cal! office.
ATTORXEYE-AT-IiAU^
\vT~Il7 BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 3*J2. Emma Sprecke'.s building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured fcr injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for debts; bends furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated: c-etates settled;
ool!e.-tion«s made In all parts cf the U. S.
A 1T.IVATK, quick divorce for a small fee.
See me and yave rnon«-y; no pay in advance.
G. \V. HOWT5 ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 2*-' yrs.; rm*. 1. 2. 3, 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1322 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice frre all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attomey-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
O.lh floor, entrance room Cll: eFtablI.«hed 20
y«en>; all cases; general court and orflce prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
ever.ings by appointment. Tel. Red .'KM51.
GEO. W. AVER1LL; advice given in all cases:
divorce, probate, bankruptcy anJ attachment
••uitB a tpecialty; practice in both State and
Fec»ral courts. Room 465. 4th floor. Farrott
bldg.. 855 Market Ft.; phone Howard 2551. •
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases; divorcet, probate and all other law
casee; no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market 6t.. r. 31.
ADVICE FREE!
Columbian Law and Collection Agency,
rtocm 65. 916 Market St.: tel John 6226.
Divor.cn costs {12; open evenings; tenants
f jectod.J.V 916 Market, r.62; phone Black 651.
DIVORCE. — Costs. $12; quick. Quiet; advice
free; cpen evenings. 927 Market St.. r. 301.
L. 8. CLARK. 027 Market St.; consultation
free; no feeg in advance: open evenings.
JJOAUlilMi FOR CHILDIIBX.
PARENT wants Christian person having coun-
try residence to take charge temporarily of
8 children, 6, 10, 13. Address box 515. CaJl.
IIUSIXESS CH AMCES.
A — $3500; THE leading restaurant of this city;
rent $150; surrounded by :> theaters; private
boxes for ladies: a rlrrt-cla£s paying place.
It. G. WILKE. 204 Kearny st.
A— $1COO; SALOON: rent $40; place dolnff ft
good business; clearing for owner at least
>250 p«r month; patronized by merchants and
printers mostly; no night or Sunday work; a
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2t>^
Kearny et.
A— fl200; CORNER falcon on Clay St.. near
Front: mercantile luncJi; rent $15; establlbh-
ed year?: good business R. G. WILKE.
26*4 Kearny st. *
A — SSOO: CIGAR. ?t and on California St.. near
Sar.some; rent ?4O; value in Eight: a place
where any man easily can clear $200 per
month. See R. G. WILKE. 26i£ Kearny et.
A— $1COO; -RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
Just a few doors from Market 6t. : owners
cleariBg at least 5300 per month; will give-
trial to purchaser If he means business";
sickness of one of the partners only cause
of Fale. If you invest in this business your
money is well invested. See R. G. WILKE.
26*4 Kearny st.
A— J40C0: CORNER ea'ocn in wholesale dis-
trict; net rent $65: lease; th:s is one of the
leading and best paying places In this city;
no night work. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton st?.;
large stock: clears at least $250 per month;
full value in si*ht; a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— ROADHOrSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; br.throom, barn, 1 cart. 1 electric
piano; 10 years' lease: rent $13; price $3000;
businces very good: that is all. For particu-
lars see R. G. WILKE. VOVj Kearny st
A— $ir.00; BUTCHER 5hop in Western Addl-
tion; rent $40; weekly sale about 4 steers,
25 sheep; 1 horse. I wagon: daily receipts
about M0. Se« R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny.
A — $1750: CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero «t. ; lease; a good paying business;
fresh crock; all cash trade. Particulars R.
G WILKE. 26 Vi Kearny rt.
A — $1400; CORNER grocery and bar on De-
visadero st. : owner has a fine paying busl-
nege. but family affairs compel him to
leave for East. See R. G. WILKE. 26 \$
Kesrsy et.
A— $600; DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission St.; splendid
chance for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $1500; THE best oyster stand in Portland.
Or.; a man with first-class references can
leave $7C0 stand on the business. See R. O.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $500 — BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; daily receipts about $10:
choicest location In the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE, 2ti» a Kearny st.
A — $400; GROCERY and bar on Howard tt.;
living rooms; rent $20; good place. See R.
G. wilke. 28*4 Kearny st.
A THE RELIABLE AGENTS A
KREDO & CO 7«i MARKET ST.
ESTABLISHED 15 YEARS
$S0O — Saloon near Market; rare chance.
$2T.K) — Hotel and restaurant; near city.
Si.'-OO — BaJcpry; owner retiring: old age.
$.V>0<>— Hotel and bar. with 3-acre orchard.
;r>00 — Grorery ar.d bar: worth $1500.
A— 51 C,-)0— RESTAURANT, bakery and de'.ica-
tefsen; receipts $C5 daily; 3 furnished rooms.
KREDO & CO.
NOTICE — We have b!g list of business oppor-
tunities of all kinds. KREDO & CO.. 765
Market «t.
OUR new "Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
r*x cent in the past 22 days on Frisco races;
fcr proefs and references ask any subscriber
en our list, or call and investigate; explana-
tion free to regular subscribers at our office
only; commissions handled on this system for
25 per cent of the net weekly profits. Terms
fcr our Handicap sheets, $2 per dsy or $10
rer week. N. S. HAND, expert handicapper.
rooms 1. 2 and 3. 113 Stockton St., S. F.
A^ 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a, reputable, established
business enterprise in San Francisco; cleared
S67.COO last year on $100,000 capital; stock
increased $20,000 to enlargo plant; call
or write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
A — $.%0; BRANCH bakery, candy and notions;
full stock; nice fixtures; gcod trade; 3 living-
room!"; nicely furmnhed. Eureka Realty Co.,
719 Market st.
A — $600; FRUIT store; hors* and wagon; cash
register; safe; large stock. Eureka Co., 719
Market st.
CALL and see the list of lodging-houses from
6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road-
houses, taloors, restaurants, groceries, livery
rtables bought and sold and exchanged;
money loaned on chattels; millinery more to
exchange. KITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
$1100— HALF interest in garment cleaning
business with automobile delivery; want
partner to attend to outside business; this
liUf'.neFs will bear investigation. Apply 510
Telegraph ave., Oakland, Cal
FOK sale— Butcher shot). Western Addition:
r.^lghborhood first clans: nothinR but best of
tra<l» Rt good i>rices; fixtures new and first
class; horsf. wagon and cart and all tools;
a g.-vid wagon trade: will sell everything for
SHSO. Bex 904, Call office; no agenta.
FOR sale — Stationery, candy and toy store;
has run for several years; with 4 living
rooms, with or without furniture; clo«» to
I must sell as other bn*inews compels me
to leave. Address box HOS. Call.
IF I can show you that I have a tnrf system
which has not had a losing day will you put
up $500 with my $500 to operate it? We can
make $f.00<> In twelve weeks. Box 033. Call.
FOR Bale— Stationery, books, notions, china
»r.d airute and tinware store: centrally lo-
cated; en streetcar line; good trade: 3 liv-
ing rooms; place well established. Box 611.
Call office.
ANY one can make $200O clear In three to six
months hy Investing $000; no chance to lose;
one who wishes can give a part or all of
their time preferred. Uox 020. Call office.
A— PROFITS ?20t» moulh; clgam, billiards and
clubreom: rent $45; lease invoices $1500; near
new roftofflee; call, investigate, make offer
to SKIRM. room 72. St. Ann's bldg.
A— *2.->0; PARTNER in est. office and commit-
eion business: guarantee SSO month- no ex-
perience neces'ry; barg'n. BROWN, 1221 Mkt.
$6000— SALOON; clear* $500 monthly; have
wholesale house and brewery reference; 4
years' lease. J. ANDERSEN. 8S5 Market, r.l.
AT 300 Golden Gcte ave.. cor. Hyde Laundry
barber bIiop. cigar*, tobaccos, newspapers for
gale; g-nts' suits cleaned and pressed.
THE PACIFIC BuilNESS ASSOCIATION.
1HS Market, bays -real estate and hat
real ettate and businesses for sale.
A— HAVE $1000 to Invest: want some legiti-
mate paying business. Box COS. Call.
FOR *ale— Complete dyeing and cleaning
works ; good location. Box P26. Call orflce.
SAIX)ON for sale. Ir.Qutre 10 a. m., Golden
Eagle Diet Co., cor. Pine and Montgomery.
JQgg P. SPSECKEia. Proprietor.
AgKSCCEElElKllSlS to JGES KCM&ET, BBgT
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator 'Win Con-
nect You With the Department Tou Wish.
PuMIcation Office Market ar.d Third. S. F.
Editorial P.oora 2!T to 221 Stevenson rt.
Delivered by Carrier*. 2i» Cjs. Per Week. 75
Ct« J>r Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail Including Postage »Ca»U With
Order) : ._ _
DAILY CALL dnclud. Buo4*y). 1 year. .$5 00
DAILY CALL tinclud. Bonday>. 6 mos.. 4_00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month Jit
SUNDAY CALL 1 V-ar 2 •"•
WJ-;i:KLT CALL. 1 Yrar 1-uO
FOHKirv pally.. $S.SO Per Year Extra
£o£r^rr i Sunday. 415 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. [weekly! 1<x) Fer ycar Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCniFTlOXS.
temple Copies will be forwarded when r»-
Queeted.
Mall mbecrJbers In orfiertng change of ad-
<«¦*• Fhouid be rarticu'.ar to give bcth N IS W
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
rrompt acd correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
::i8 Broadway Telephone MaJn 10«3
EERICEI-ET OFFICE.
2148 Center Street Telephone Nortfc 77
Washington* correspondent.
KORTON E. CRANE 1408 O Street. N. W.
VTW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Wa'.aorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Er^tano, 81
Tnion Square; Murray BUI Hotel; Fifth -ave-
Bue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Trerriont House; Auditorium
Hcttl; Painier House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.-ilarquette Building
CLorg Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
. KEW YOrjC REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTON Herald Squar*
BUSINESS OFFICE cf th« San Francisco
Call, corner Market end Third streets : open
unti: 12 o'c'.wk every night !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
I OR Market etreet. opposite Fifth; cpea until
II p. m.
C27 Mortgotnery etreet corner Clay: open un-
til H.30 p. m.
BOO Haypg street; cpen ur.t!l 9:30 p. ra.
rc» McAllister street: cprn until 9:30 p. m.
fM> larkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
IS41 Mission ctreet; opon until 10 p. m.
22*1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. m.
JOfi Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1006 Valencia etreet: cpen until 9 p. a.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets:
CT>en ur.t;! 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner of Twer.ty- second and Ken-
tuck streets: open until 9 p. rn.
g^t'fl JTlnorp street: orx*n ur;t!l 8 p. m.
MEET1KO KOTICan.
C ASYLVM OF GOLDEN GAT" Com-
mandery No. 10. ;: T.. •::.'¦ Pj: :<t fSli
«.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- K3
ING 8.1 7 o'clock. Ord?r of Red P?
Cross «n<J Ten:ole. AJl iratc-rs an-
courteously Invited. I>y r-rd^r of the Com-
. mander. THKO. FIIOLICH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal
AEth ilaton?. nwrts THi:? EVENING. XX
M. ji. degree. H. G. PRINCE. Fee. (_^__
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and B
A. M.— THIS <MONDAY> EVES- VV
ING at 7::J0 o'clock. Third d°sr •. /V\
Master Masons cordially invited. By
WALTER G. AN.DERSON. Secretary.
KFRMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. m
M— Called meeting THIS DAY VV
¦ MONDAY). Jan. 25, at 7::{0 p. »- /V\
Degree 2. By order cf the W. M.
L. PCHrMACHER. Secretary-
KING SOLOMON"? Lrd~« No. 200. F. 9
eri A. M.. J639 Fillnvre st.— Second W
dTrr* THIS EVENING, at 7:30 /VN
o'clock
HARRY P-AKHR. Secretary.
ST. ANDREWS Society— Members _y ir?
. and friends dinna forget "a nlcht jV C&CJjJ
«T Bums' THIS EVENING at >\x^
S ottif h Ha!l. 107 Lejkin Ft. Good V^4.
rr.uMc "vocal ar.<i inEtrumentaJ), gond Fpeak-
* ing. good <-nmr>any. Concert at S o'clock,
dance et Mi Admis?:™ 25c. Ocrr.e a' th'
gither y"«re a' th* wel<ximer csrlv.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN. Prea.
• J, BLACK. Secretary.
MEMBERS f>f Pan Francisco -»3*ESfcv
7>nt No. 18. K. O. T M. — ,>M*?>'53V
Fir Knights: You are re- W^^TTSKgJk
q\}f:?<i><i tu attend the funeral v*&\ V^ itfV*
o of our late Sir Kr.lgM. aA*! T\\ v*il
JAMES E. HONIi, from his \ML^\^ii^/
reddeace. 2*.r.:i Harrison el.. '.*V**|2/~/
TUESDAY. January 26. «t "i^S£S^
1 :"0 o'clock p. m. Intenrent. Mount Olivet
Ometery.
I. GL'HMEt'DEZ, Ccmm^nder.
D. B. RICHARDS. Re^or-I Keeper.
NOTICE cf sr.r.ual meeting — The regular an-
nual raeeting cf the ftockholdprs of th« i
California Gas find Electric Corporation win !
b* he!<J at th» office of the company plxth
f.ocr. P.ialto building. Pan Francisco" Cal
on TUESDAY. Jaruary 2fi 1!XH. it the
fccur of 3:'j p. rn.. for the purpose* of elect-
ing a Heard cf Directors to serve for the
«rsu!r.g y^ar tnd to transact such other
buMrjffis if may <-orne before the meeting.
TTsnsler bocks will close on January 20 at
t O'clock f) .IT.
CA W. CONLIPK. Secretary
P.oom «27. Ki»lto building, city.
STOCKHOLDERS NOTICE— The regular an-
rua! meeting of th f *tocl:hclders cf the Red
Mor/s Hal] Association fcr the election of
fift**n directors, to serve during the ensuing
: «-ar. sn3 the transaction of such other bus:-
ne-s a» may come before the meeting will
t~ l'.".<J at the Tl"<i Men's Hall. -MO Bush st
en 7UKSDAY. January 2''.. l!KM, fc t 8 p ni.*
CHAP. SCHLE?1NGER. President.
__C. G. BOLSDORFF, Secretary.
THE California Debris Omatnfoa twvta* i*.
celved applications to mine by hydraulic
propers from La-^rerce Canp.Ua !n"A!r!>om
JJumas Flacf-r claim, near Volcano. Amador
255** '*.' ¦ , <5rail - !r - into Dry Creek.
•*!c4 1 reaches Mok.eJ-jrr.ne River; from Lutgi
ani U'-rorio Dfmsrtinl. in Railroad Hill
Grave! mir.e. near CaJavpriU!". Calaveras
QKsnty. Cal.. draining into San Ar.toue
t reek, which reaches Calavfnj River glvea
rotires :! at mer-.ing wii; be held at room 86
F.ood buiid.nir. San Francls<» Ca! Feb s.'
'3C4. »t I :3n p. m. ... a.
THE arr.usi meeting of the stockholders of
•1, v ! "T\., na!!w8y ' ;crT1 » 1 «y California
*0J behold at the ofSres o f the company.
•Vc 223 Ql^r aty nr.d ciunty
of Fan FranciFro Kta:e of CUlforete *>r
VONDAY. th. Mh day of February l'»04 at
th» hour of 11 Ddock a. ra.. for the purtxw*
of Cfeetl&C <5irrctors for tha en-u'ng year
e:v. th. transcctlorj .,: ruch c'h»r tu.«!n<v«s as
n:a<- rome before satd mrtUr.g. Dated at
Fan Franc!* o. Cal.. January 23 1304 a
_J> FRESHMAN. Secretary.
ANNUAL Muring -The reiralar Tnnual meet-
¦ 2Z!?2r °,t fea " fr"""'*" will bf» hold at the
< Ho? or the .ompBny in t'-.e Union Trust
*7 nr TM SK* 18 * emt * r r<Mtt - Montgoml
" -T ifn l"':^" Francisco. Cal* on
.H.,P.FDAV the 4th day of Fehruary. 19W
rU"*,- 1 '- 1^ 2 °' c!c = k P" m - the purl
£T.if «*"',, i! ? e a t<ard of 'i'rectors to serv.
for th- following y.-»r. the amendment of the
r>-.awe of the company ar.d the transaction
fw. '"-her business .- s may come before
J- PEERING. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The rczular annual meet-
ins: of the Hockhciders ct The National Io»
CoiSJMEBjr will b- b?!d tt tho office of the
ccmrany. Market st.. ."an FrDncts-o; Ca"!
EDNESDAY. the 31 lay of February
>»<M. et the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. 'or th»
purple Of «|eetltlC a bcarl of directors to
• rve tcr «h«. .r.FuSng :ear and the trantac-
..oii- of su'.-li rtVicr ijurincE* us may come
before ihe meftinj:.
r m ¦' T. HON\TII7E.' fpcrdsry.
AGENTS WASTED.
AT trice— ipt-r-laM agents to handle patented
novelties toBa, FranciFco & AtetreJm coun-
1L?\ ? n . e rhaT)r ™ »« Bt. Louis Exposition;
¦Veeiaitmna to rlcht parties. A. Dove Gar-
«, l i! ;? r^Cf* IndUKlrIaI OOU rear office. 4CS
rt.. r. ak1ani , 10 to 1 p. ni. A g to 6 p.m.
-____-^*^57^.'EanE:BrT vrnrrzaa.
HAVING recently ncqu!rcd throngh "exchange
of property three 5Jf) scholarthips In the best
Ccllege of AdvfrtSsin? in the United States.
I wl'l f?!I them M 2.% per cent discount for
t-Krti: the ociier. traches advertisement writ-
ing by con-egpendf-nce ani st«:-ts its gra4-
"j 11 * 8^ to f^ure r-osllionx; catalogues fur-
ri?h>.l on npr:icaT!on. Aaircyg box :iO26. Call.
_ ASTKOIX»Gr. ~
MRP. J. FRANCIS, urtrolcsist: lerscEB; read-
tore; tour* 10 to S. Suite 20. Hotel Lairjham.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Contlnncd.
FOR sale or exchange for large rooming or
apartment house, 128 acres, near Santa Crux;
5-room modern cottage: hot and cold water;
all well furnished; 40 acres vineyard; 20
acres grain; 800 apple trees; 300 cherries;
200 prunes; also pear trees; wine tanks hold-
ing SOOO gallons; all cooperage; large barn:
packing-houses; blacksmith shop equipped
with tools; 2-room house for hired man;
also quarters for other help: 7 more acres
ready for setting more grapes: several cords
wood cut; dryers; Incubators: 2 horses; wag-
ons; carriage; " pigs; 0 sheep; Jersey cow;
40 chlckpn^^ farming Implements: plenty
all I:ind3 pa~S?ing boxes; flowers of all kinds:
fountain with goldfish; balance of land in
timber; running creek passes house; water
piped all over place; in case of trade will
pay difference in cash; price $12,000; an
Ideal home. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays ?40 to ?70 ton; trade
for r'mtf house or business. Cameron.o Eddy.
FOR sale— Well-located candy store; all equip-
ped for making own candles; established 8
years; clearing over $200 per month; will ln-
volce about S12CO. CAMERON. 3" Eddy st.
HIGHEST cash price raid for stocks of mer-
chandlse. See CAMERON ft CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR trade— Income bearing dty property for
stocks o r merchandise; any amount. CAM-
ERON & CO.
FOR rale — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 per day; will
bear Investigation: price. $1500: also one in
good location for $350. CAMERON St CO.,
8 Eddy st.
FOR tale — Delicatessen atore on business
street, one block from Market; good trade.
Box 9S1. Call. , v
DBL1CATKSSEN store for aale: centrally lo-
cated: !n Western Addition; good trade: on
car line: no competition. Box 8S1. Call.
RESTAURANT in Oakland, on principal
street; central: meals 10c and up; »ood
trade; low rent; make offer. Box 887, Call.
RESTAURANT on water front: good run of
trade; location good; closed Sundays; price
f25O. Box »72, Call ofttce. ¦
WILL sell my dye works in Oakland; good
business; profits big. Address for partlcu-
lars. box 713, Call.
FOR sale — Lumber yard; good location; excel-
lent chance to get a yard on small payment
down; no agents. Box HTS. Call.
FOR sale — Outside routs on Call. App»y 3164
Twenty-fourth st.
CIOAR store for sale on Market st., nenr
Third : lease price low. Address box 977, Call.
*75o— DELICATESSEN rtore. with 15 steady
boarders; can increase trade. Box 5565. Call.
FOR sale — Saloon on a orominent driveway;
good trade. Box 7."S, Call.
CIGAK stand; down town In wholesale dis-
trict; good stand. Address box 731, Call.
A RESTAURANT outfit for sale! 272 Bran-
nan st.
FOR sale — Oyster and chop house: cause,
trouble bet. partners; must be sold. G03% 4th.
A BAKERY in good country towu to rent.
Inquire 40S McAllister St.
FIRST-CLASS stov« and hardware store for
sale, cheap, account departure. Box 724, Call.
OYSTER-HOUSE for sale; center of Oakland.
409 7th St.. bet. Broadway and Washington.
WANTED — Stationery and notion store: state
price: rent, etc. Box 443. Call.
VERY low figure; well stocked, good paying
cor, bazaar; must be sold. " 1600 Devisadero.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the. recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at IOCS Market st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGIAG-HOUSUS FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
108-room modern family hotel; swell loca-
tion: first-class trade; ocean oaths: everything
up to date; clearing $1200 per month: will be
sacrificed for one-third l»ss than cost to fur-
nish; obliged to leave February 1; price $15.-
000.
20 rooms: rent $75; 2 years' lease; good per-
manent and transient house; price $1200.
44 rooms: rent only $125; 5 years' lease: run-
ning water; everything in good condition;
clears $125 to $150 per month; price $2800.
19 rooms; corner; rent $9:>; oak furniture;
good carpets; hair mattresses; part c&sh. bal-
ance on time.
6S rooms: rent $250; 2 years' lease: well fur-
nished throughout; close In; first-class board -
lng-hoiiEe; clearing $250 per month.
6 rooms and bath;. rent $18; water free; new,
modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
220 rooms: grand, new. modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished: swell location;
clearing $400 to $500 per month; golden oppor-
tunity.
SO rooms: rent S95; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
125 rooms: first-class downtown house; 0-
year lease: cheap rent: private baths; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 moms; rent $125; good lease; fine location;
tome apartments always full; clears $200.
116 rooms; new, elezantly appointed apart-
ment-house; one of th* swellest in city: clear-
ing ?500 to $600 month: splendid opportunity.
7-room. n»w, modem flat: $450 cash, balance
on Installments; income $15; price $550.
24 rooms: rent $140; newly furnished; One
neighborhood: close in; always full.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in Pan Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent: clear,
ing $400 per month; 6-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
8 rooms: golden oak fur.; Moquet carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer.
BO rooms; rent only $200; downtown house;
always full; clearing $2GO to $300 month; new-
ly renovated and in fine condition.
13 rooms: Van Nesn ave.: oak and mahogany
furniture: a bargain if taken at once.
K? rooms; bonton location; elegant building;
luxuriously furnished: all modern conveniences;
grand, entrance and halls; strictly up to date-
called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets: clears $.'.0; $300 cash, balance on install-
ments: price $S0O.
B9 room*; new and elegant bulldinc; fur-
nished beauMfully and up to date; hot and
cold water every room; $4000 cash necessary.
7 rooms: rert $39; modern house: new furni-
ture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance time.
14 rooms; rent $40: new and modern little
boarding-house; fine furniture: hair mattresses;
clearing ever $200 month: price $1000.
24 rooms; rent only $138: first-clans condi-
tion; oak. mahogany, birdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $70; price
$2000; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
10 rooms: rent $50: close In; oak. birdseye
map'.e fur.: fir.e carpets: elegant little transient
bour»: clears $125; part cash; price $C0O.
¦ 15 rnonw: Van U<»*s five.: rent *R!S; oak. ma-
hogany furniture: always full; price $1200; al-
most r.ev.\
SC rooms; cheap refit; furnished last June;
oak furniture; Brussels carpets: clears over
$250 p*r month; half cash, balance 1 per cent;
owner sick In bed.
B0 rocms: Bush; rent only $162: irood furni-
ture, carpets: clearing over $200 per month:
only 14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work; a snap. «
31 rooms: rent $110; fur., carpets new; clears
over $100 per mo.: 2 years' lease; wife sick in
hospital: r>art cash; $I5C0.
10 rooms; r»r.t ?15; new carp-ts; newly pa-
pered >>nd painted; clears $30; $450 cash, bal-
ance time. N
6 rooms: Oeary: rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $23; price $200.
12 rooms: rent $60: oak and mahogany fur •
good carpets: fine yard and garden In rear-
brings In $60: leaves balance landlady; price
$300.
6 rooms; rent $35; oak fur., Brussels carpets'
3 rooms rented for $28; price $300.
20 rooms: rent only $35; good fur. and car-
pets: clearing $75; owner there 7 years; full-
sickness; ?<JCO. . '
17 rooms: rent $60: oak fur., good carpets-
clearing $70; mtgr. $700 can stand ;reduced $1050.'
20 rooms; rent only $100; downtown; perma-
nent roomers: clears $90 r«er mo.; going East'
$2100. •
FOR KALE — A BOARDING-HOUSK; MEDIUM
SIZK; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE:
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2858
CALL OFFICE. ,
The dividends Call Want Ads pay
Are ' -wonderful, all patrons say.
A gilt-edged stock nets 5 per cent.
You may get 7 from stores you rent.
But better far "Want Ads you'll find, •
By them your pockets will be lined.
It won't cost much to make the test.
'Don't take our word — a trial is best.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.,. -MONDAY,, JANUARY 25, 1904.
9
- . '. ' - . - . . '"...* l\ '...'•-
•• • fin a:\cxal.
i\- PCB CENT
*3* paid <in ordinr.ry t.ivir.g* accounts and fl
I»r crr.t oa term account? lit the 1'hoenix
Batvtan u. ar.d i*. Association. r>io oail-
for:m »t. A. A. W:'.kins, prfsid?:it; Charie*
15. Hirhor. vice ptwi<i«'rit : S. Krei.tlss Srr.'.th.
ttqmu«.; "'lnr^rice Oninr:^. *ecr~iary and man.
BStns 0i:e:-.o;; Gavin KfN'ab. attorney; G?oi<e
V. IVtardrcan ard CfcarM E. LaiiJ. directors;
WaltfT K. <:::!•.'.». athirf.
COilPAKlES incorporat. d. fir.arcetl and n^rk
• CoaUC. W. !I U1TTNI-U, Lawyer a:vl Ti-
nar..~ii.| Ag.-rn. ::T2 r.rr.r-.q S-,ir«W;"lr h'.ig.
Hi:LI> \\ AXTKO— l-'liMALK.
*A DISHWASUKK for email r«**taurar.t In
. country, ?2u. beard 2nd rovrr..
A dishwasher f.r pisall restaurant in city.
• *"". board ;iti>J room.
• «'>"-.lc a?-..: s. 11 1.1 ;rirl in s-ame hense in !?erkc-
«ry. Can an.l ?2T«.
A eoi'l: that uni'-rstanOs German cookingr
" wallTTSKe* for f.rM-cl.irs hot?' It city. $2T>.
Oiamtfrrvistd for private family In San
. Mateo, f^", board and room.
20 gooi boaaewerk pirts. $^.1 to S2.V
A • jrlr; for general fcousewotU In Pan Ra-
' facl. r^o.
-V'-lr-k for !art" privxlf fami!.- in country.
* f3«».-
. N. P-TMs i.rfue r-^ens 8:30 a. m. and
r* ::>t> p. m. sharp. Call ca Monday
rr...rr!inc. MI£S rU'NKETT. 425 Butter St.;
r.»ar PoT.-e!l.
hoi>-eki;ei'i:r. 1 msn."^
Wa-.t-.M- -. ¦• . k. ttomm Valter. f-'A
. «'o.,k, ••¦.-:-..,'.! hotel, *r.5.
• 5 cooks. <-i;v. *;«r:nan Ft>:«>. $::0-S:>3.
•<*ook, 2 farrl!y. .San Jo*e. $Ut.
? «-<kiks. with .tnd vlthntrt mtblac city,
. $".'-$.c.
:: m.-^-uI girls, city and BerlteJer. C0-S2J.
# • 2 waitrv-Fse for Monterey, fan* h-re. *1!5.
- .nursp^ir!*, oiTv and oourtry, !f2<»-$2.">.
4 »ai;r..'»> ',»r liciel and restaurants. $2."
i*nd s> v... ' k.
• Also a Jars" r>UTirx»r cf hous'.g'.r!?, city ar.d
• couatry. (S8-$23^30. Arply to
. .!. y CROSETTA CO.. :r.4 Putter Ft.
A — V.'AN'TMii — (Sirls to learn hairJrrfsing.
manieurirp. etc.: tra«ie taught from A to 'A
in 2 \v«~-ky; $r> t-. these entering new: 3 po-
f=:tio:.* to Oil imri'-'jiateiy : positions guaran-
. «< ••¦! it ?lu jwr ireek u."; leading school in
V.'ei-t. 2^a Geary st., room \">.
A — Girls to |/»«m millinery now fcr spring f>ea-
. snn; both Feacor.t tnujrht from start to flni«h
in 1 r»cnth for $lf>: positions as trimmers.
. . ?ple*la<i;es. etc.. guarar.tc-etl at f 10 p*r wk. up;
cay and <vrr.ing ctaae. 14"! Stockton St.. r. IS.
;^ — LADIE? tn learn all branches hairdrersing
• . traOe. tnanidtrtes. massage, etc. 1230 Mar-
ket Ft.. <or. Junes, it>om J»4; positions secured
•at highest wap-i-; day and eve. class; call.
SKVYixo machine operators and riv-
KTERS: NO EXPEttinNCB NECESSARY:
I'AID fALAHV. I.KVI PTRAUSS A- CO.'S
FACTOHIES. SSU FREMONT PT. AND 1K73
MISSION,' NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A — IRONnRS v.antcd rn !adi«*< underwear:
- none but «"xiw>ri*>r.eeii n^d apply. eO»J Mis-
sion ei.. third Boor. j
* A— OPERATORS on la.ius" ami children's
. T\'e»r. CT/O Utsolos *t ., third floor.
A -OPERATORS . n ladles' and children's
tfMb suit*. 834 "issicn St.. third floor.
COMPETENT p:r! f.-r housework and cooking:
* c<iod wagf*. «'a!I M ortay and Tuesday, C3CJ
.. '"lay *t.
. .WANTim— A f.M->!as? waist trimmer an.l
• aiFt rir :*!..: < Ai.I.AH AN. 339 OFarrell.
... <«lrt for gvr:«»ral housework; no
- ¦ king. - S3S Thir.1 st.
* v7xT!:n- G:r! ta a*«!« in light housework.
Hl<»'- .G-ary si.
,'ilRLS r*i trim idain ""sailor hats. Atlantic
• Straw Works. Ks* Kiftb *t.
' A/'insT-cl.AKS ¦ « . ¦-" on fine coats: steady
• CASHIER for restaurant: girl that can sp»ak
, .fipaateh. ¦-.* Addrw /'Grill." box 571, <"all.
'OOaiPETEXT cook; institution. 2344 Setter st.
- TA-f.MNTKD amateur performers. Apply at
>"h'jt«-s <; p. m. Wednesday: salary no object,
' •<:!in. for housework in small family at 214S
Stuart Ft.. Berkeley.. Call at place or at
i>r. P. K. C. Kiehl. 027 Market, room 21 «.
_ Emma S;>reck*-lE bldg.
, A1 Greer-.ebaum. Weil & Michel's factory. .'.::i
. • Bllratoa st. — Operators en Crown negligee
s!;:rt.-: b*tt prices: eteady »i-ork; a few ln«x-
• periem cd han«3s will be taken and taught.
CADIBS — Most prtifitabie steady hcm<» work; $9
to (Id weeklj p ; material fr*e; no canvassing;
wnd stamped e-nvrlop*-. FurWy Co.. Chirago.'
IVAKTSO — A middle-aged worrian for light
housework: 2 in family. Ar'l>ly at the end
if Mu<? car line, ocean beach fruit stand.
". IVi MAN to cltan house. Arply at 412 Grove
street.
AVANTE1* — A cirl to assist in general house-
arrk. 12\2 Page rt.
9PKRATORS on ekirts: rf«-ad>- work and trood
lay, g. BADEN. 112 First »t.
VAKTED — A rlrl to do general housework;
• must epeak English; wages |20. 1014 Powell.
REFINED woman for hlgh-clasis position;
¦ome nursing experience. Rox 8S7. Call.
WANTED— A g'.rl to assist with housework;
: : rr.a;i flat: no children. G3ii Devega dero.
WA.VTFD— Young girl to take care of babyT
222S Pclk street.
•JiKLIABLE ranch cook; with or without a
¦ hiid: good horse; good wages. 463 14th st.
GIRL for housework; good position for right
rarty. 322 tr.is st.
A ERAXCH office cf The Call for the recep-
tlon cf advertisements and subscriptions ha»
b*en coened at IOCS Market Bt.. opposite
fifth. Open until ll p. m.
' ' HELP WASTED- MALE.
A — MJL'RRAV * P.EADr. 634-636 Clay Bt
Phon? Main 5S48.
I>-aing Employment and I-ahcr Agents
1903 we gave JIKH we hope to
iX*.(.»M men work. Increase C0,000>
Milker, Santa Clara County, $35 found.
Milker arid cbersemaker. north. 140 found.
illllii r a:-d make butter, eee boss here- Ne-
. vada.
Milker. Siskiyou Ccunty. fare paid. $35 fd.
14 farmhands, S:>;-J:;it found; 4 pruners.
25 codcheppers. summer and winter job
: :ww.d, toe; pine, fl 25; hardwood, $1 50
»crd.
4 ¦woorVTicw»efa > Sonoma County, ?2 cord.
2 uccKjchoi.ptra, ,Mar:j . .va County, $2 cord.
SOUTH.
ARIZONA, CIjOFE TO PRESCOTT.
810 Miies. Arizona. $9 10^
SHIP DAILV.
TO
ARIZONA.
' B!aekt--n-,lt»i. ccuntry shop. $50 found.
MaiJtemllh. run shop on shares.
<\>i>1!*t. slack work, eood Job.
.- - ¦...¦.• u»yo-, north. *i»". found,
r-hingle jointer, Mendooino Co., $35 found.
<*arn!ige trimmer, eouth.
Nurterjinan, orchard, $20 found.
Pastry cook and baker, country hotel, $50
found.
Cook, city restaurant. $30 found.
* ." OlEhwashcrs, 4 waiters, etc.
. IV!!br->'. -"J married laborer*.
MURRAY & READY. <S4-C36 Cl«y st.
PLANING mill foreman, small rcill; eee bosa
her*.
MURRAY A READY. C3l-6no Clay ft.
AT CAL. EMP. AG<y., 3* S3 ft., nr. Call bldg.
10 tfumt-lerr., *1 7." day. near city.
NKW R. n. WORK. SOUTH.
25 laborers. *2 i*r any.
15 t«»mfclerT. (2 tM»r day.
•- 3 txpBleacte grafters en prone trees. $3 50
day.-
• Mat " h " r ana gt ! ckcr _ iaaRt :s5c 1>er hour "
WANTED — For Vf •*-". army, able-bodied un-
n-.nrrl*-ii rnerj. between ages of 21 and S3;
titlttam of LTnittd States, of good character
and ternr>erat«» habits, who can speak, read
and writ* English. r*or Information apply to
..Recruiting Ofnccr, Rialto building. Xew
Mr;nt«umery st.,8ka Francisco, or 1023 tiec-
end »x., Sacramento. Cal.
£: ~I~ u
Mm to learn the barber trade in two menth«
aiid necur»: goo^ positions; catalogue and fuil
talotmatKm millrd frt-e. MOLER System
Cclieirfi. C£5 clay «t-
W'AN'TKD— Young man who is aa experienced
<lry goods wrupper. Aj>ply between 9 and 11
__a. jr.. ;it HALE BROS/
TltY our men'* •'..<¦->. union tnade, at $1 and
(1 «) jxt pair, foot-form shoes at $2 00. or
orthopedic ehoee. f '{ SO; l>e»t i^hoes on earth. 11
Third «t., lixam. b'flg.. C doorc from Market.
BARBERS— Kcr tale, halt interest In shop;
wholreale district: easy tcrmr; good chance.
HTOLT7.. 72^ Market et. ' '
'-¦¦•- ' T .
LT'Nrir waiter wjr.ted. CCC Fcurth at.
BOOTBCACK wantc-d to r?nt place for stand.
7:?» Valencia et.
2 <:11AIK barl;f-r atHMi for sslr: estsblished 7
V^nrf. Apply TZ. Gough rt.. nc«r Fell.
UUEICIAN'S to Jcln military band. 328 Bush
at., third floor, room A.
.'¦•-.¦ MIXES AXD SIIXIXC
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
! owns one of the most valuable mines in Cali-
I fornia, has placed on the market 20,000 shares
of Its ttock at 25c a share, the par value
being $1. Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent min-
ing expert. Is in charge of the work and re-
ports that the richness of the mine Is gaining
vapidly as the work advances: this Btock will
go to $2 a share within the next 12 months;
Interested parties can see the quartz and gold
taken out of this mine at the office of their
1 fiscal agents
I GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027. Market st.
FOJ{ ?a!e — Stcek in valuable Tonopah mine;
investigate. Box CX5. Call office. .
SIISCI^LAXEOUS — FOIl SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSI1 & WOLPMAN, 195-107 Fremont st.
TRY ASBESTOS roof paint and be convinced
that it is the only paint that will stop all
leaks in any roof, either metal or shingle; it
is also the best preservative paint for all new
metal and shingle roofs, and makes the roof
last ever twice as long than painted with
any other paints; it has no equal. Offlce. 419
California st., room 21; telephone James 5710.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
KLATKRITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market it.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers,' engines, pumps.
putleya, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; seo Snnday papers.
II. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-1:12 Beale st.
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 2T.8 Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
fitc. WHITELAW. 25^-255 Spear St.
A LARGE Columbia disc graphophone and 27
10-inch records, almost new; will sell cheap.
Box (j«7. Call offlce.
A WHITE automobile. 1011 Sutter st.
FOR sale — Three Berlin coaches, new and up-
to-date. Call or address J. W. RICKLEY,
I 224 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
A FINE selection of trunks, suit cases and
tailor-hinde tults sold on small weekly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 25 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co., San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale-^Best *2~W> hats. Jl 50.
Popular Price Hatter, S30 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3Vjc ROLL and. up: fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN. i:U)2 Webster. Tel. Jacksan 1.J21.
FOR sale — Cheap: square piano. Call or ad-
dress 540 Girard st.
DESKH bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 1«7.
FOrAf>a!e — Baby carriage. 1350 Jackson st.
NATIONAL cash register; good as new; cheap.
Si>l Turk st.
$20; NEW style Singer sewing machine, drop
head; aUo Domestic. 1015 Mission, nr. 15'th.
DISTILLATE, a gasoline engine; 4-hor*se
powfr. »S5. H. M. NEWELL. Palo Alto.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 32S
Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
MILES of nirje and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GEXE RILEY & SONS, 100 Vallejo st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. !. FREEMAN. 1329 Market »t.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p., cheat'. E. 15. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machlma cheap: Chltcagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGAM'PI, f»:« Market.
DESKS aid s»afen: see the complete line at 1810
Market, ab Van Ness. RICHARDSON BKOS.
SAFES — New and s'oond-han.J. THE HER-
MANN SAFK CO., :i07 Battery st.
NEW and serond-hand machinery of all kinds.
KHOGH MFG. Co., 519 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, pale, rental;
bargains. Bullurd & Ureck. i:u Post st.
HACKS — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market Ht.
Edisin phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacipalupi, UXt Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. K. DOAK. 40 Fremont St.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. IIP Montg' y.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and mibscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 r>. m. ¦
. MISCELLANEOUS WASH.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS, S70 Foisom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1140 Market st. ; phone Jessie .TT41. or postal'
TII^TON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical BOfid». 154 Hth st.: tel. Jessie 2851.
MOXEY TO LOAM.
AAA^HERMAN MURPHT^ "
001-C02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expeiices by dealing directly.
Estates, seccr.d mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests la property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
Location, etc.
Box 40S. Call offlce.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding nouses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1C44. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery; rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamond.*, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth Bt. ¦
MUNICIPAL, LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unin-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49, Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. F,
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission installments aoceptcd.
HONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: easy payments; no commission.
1170 Market fct.. room 68.
MONEY loaned; reasonable rates. NORTON
CO.. 708 Market St.. room 207.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of. Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. Roll; Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indoreer. MORELL. U09 Examiner building.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $5000 for home Industry; large re-
turns guaranteed. ' Box 573, Call offlce. ,
A FINK lot of bargains In second-hand planes.
Including- euch make* as Stelnway. Halnea
Bros.. K r.a be. Baus, Foster. Weber, Star,
Marshall & Wendell. Sterling and other
makes. I3KNJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Far-
rell et. ; net branches In San Francisco.
NEW pianos sold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHM1TZ A CO.. 18 McAllister st.
REGINA music box for sale, cheap. Corner of
Thirteenth and Market sts.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $185. 237 Geary at " ...
$63— UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; nearly -
new. HORNUNG BROS., 218 McAllister it
I nELr^TV A > T ED-_MAl,E Con.
j A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT ' "aGEN^CY.^ "~
"2>>— Montgomery St.— 620.
I'hone Main 1191. lTiv»nlr«
COAL MINERS-onEGON-N-EW MEXICO
Qtperfeoced quarryman. bof, Lre ?•>»•
tofa 'VTa T'^" 1 ! t r ,° rth ' eooa .t""ber." big
,? A* t „ U 4 ft - wood; ° woodchoppers.
ro^'.r £ redwood. 80c cord: handy man
dredger 540 found; r. woodchoppers. 4 ft
J20 found : C °° k and Chore '' ranch '
W ,!'£i ! «\, b!K pHcte to hav « your %hoes lialt-
f , t 011 walt at «W Mission St..
l«'t. lt»t and .'d «ts.. or 11 Third st.
j BOOXCBINDKRS-Foreman wanted: must be
poM manager and have some knowledge of
c-^lm.-.ting: seed place Tor right man. Ad-
fionT.nf^ «P*r| M ic*. general quallflca-
] _ - _ nd ° a jT!f expected. Box Oil, Call.
! B^rwar£?- KR «*^«<*^*blink"b«*
££«&*£?• F - MALLOYti 422 K S ac:
i E ?iSS WEXCED n buiInwi men an<1 waw de-
PenXtilT**** 11 " 1 * P^ 1 " 0 " Bood com-
£f7r?,n? 1 a £ e re<lu « ste<1 t° ca» on the P.oyil
. r " Dl « Co - suit- IB. Columbian building.
¦'!<¦ Market lit., cr to 052 Broadway. Oakland!
! E l I ;v I l nR ,- Jl ak « > notice— The office of secre-
!* r> . i": d F^ Employment Bureau has re-
raorwl to » City Hall *q.. or 15O j Market st .
,°7, f S'' Karbers- Union. Local 14S. JOs!
R. ELEI LY. Secretary. •
WANTEIv- An ah around bookbinder- one who
can go forwarding and finishing' on full
bounds. Apply SAN BORN, VAIL & CO. 741
Market st. '
and mechanics to know
/? . ?<v? oikln ' R * no House Proprietor, has
•Ir-Tu, w new ' roorl19 to the Denver House,
.l< Ihlrd st_: 2Su rooms: 25; to 50c per night.
WANTED— By manufacturing house, perma-
"r n ; ¦ a *" ! '«fint for branch office: $18 paid
. V* vl no oa »ital; experience unnecessary.
Add. Branch Supt.. 324 Dearborn. Chicago.
WANTED— Book binders and paper rulers for
out of city; steady position: wages $1S per
lT^Tc^n°ctf^ n ne * d apDly ' Addre8s
WANTED — Men and womdn to learn the bar-
ber trade; wages paid while learning. Call
rTpno .5- WESTKn * COLLEGE OF BAR-
- __ _1_ Commercial st.. Pan Francisco.
$50 A MONTH and board; man to tend bar iri
country hot-1: must have $250 cash. Owner.
Taylor Postofflee, Shasta County. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made at $1 and
?1 »>0 pair; foot-form »hoes at $2'50; we pay
expreg.. or mail charges. 11 -3d St., Exam. bid.
GARDENER: man about place: steady re-
liable; Mandy with stock; milker; work In
city: references. Box C0."l, Cal! offlce.
100 YOL'NG men of 18 years, with good cliar^
a'-ter. to orsaniz-? military organization. Call
at 4.3 Valencia «.. between fi and 8 n. m.
WANTED — A nrst-olafs carriage blacksmith at
good wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
PENSION ATTY..M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.- 14
years' practice; rt-ferences from thousands of
I'crgons for whom I have secured pensions.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for sale; Etrictiy
rcodorn. 137 Third ft.
WANTED — Man to drive laundry wagon; must
have $250. Frvnih Laundry Co.. 3.172 Mission.
SAILORS and ordinary wameo for deep-water
thips. Arply DENT'S place. 26 Steuart St.
TWO-CIIAIH barber shop for sale on account
of otinr business. 704 Polk st.
ASSISTANT cutter on shirt waists. JITDV
BROS.. 320 Market !-t.
GOOD strong boy to work In ooalvard early
Monday morning. G2U Halght st.
<T\VO-chair barl>er shoo, ?4j. 113CH Folsora st.
CITY salesman; call Monday. Inquire for C.
H. Gur.n. 11OO>. S Broadway. Oakland.
1 TWO-chair barber shoo: fine mirror, wash-
stand; llnolfum; S."io. 1674 Mission ft.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— UK) rooms': 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Uarber College, 741A IlowarJ Et.
PENSION any.. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
bldg. I'ast Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
A BRANCH office of The Call for .he reception
of advertisement* and subscriptions lias been
opened at Knis Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
AI.I- fize? mon's phoeF. slightly damaged, half
price. 5C" Mission st., bet. lft and 2d sts.
GET yrur Fhoes half soled whil* watting: 25c
to 50c. JWU Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
FOR «.l»— At Eclipse stable. 1375 Eddy St.—
1 spfn bay mares, 15-1 hands; weight 2200:
gocd drivers; 1 good plow team; 1 cheap
caddie horse.
WANTED — To buy a £tyli.«h hors=e. one that Is
not «low; also a buge>* and s^et of harness:
must be in tiutop order; prefer buggy with
rubl-«-r tire**; state full carticulars. price,
age and time of horse. Box 017. Call.
DON'T FORGET THE BIG AUCTION TUES-
DAY, January 2'5, 11 a. m.. at 1140 Foisom
*t.. of 4G horses and wagons, surrey?, bug-
gies, carts a fid harness; no limit; everything
must be sold.
FOR pale — A delivery horse. 7 ypars old: also
2 spring delivery wagona and harness; good
condition. Box C24. Call.
3 LARGE work horses, weighing 1300 a piece.
2415 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
FOR jsale — (j second-hand express wagons and
two trucks. 223 Beale st.
FOR sale cheap; 3 spring business wagon?,
new; 1 2d-hand wagon. 1680 Misslon.nr.13th.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for eale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.hamesi.wcrk.<iriving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of bouses to let: send for cir-
cular. GH. UMBSHN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
rervice absolutely free; take ad van ta ire of
this department: It will cave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-239 Oeaxy
»t., ob the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list ot houses
to let. BALDWIN Sr HOWELL. 25 Po»t st.
HOUSES TO LET— FURXtSHBD.
NEW, modern house, new furniture: on car
line; central location: choice rurroundlngs;
complete In all furnished details; fine piano;
8 rocm» and bath: sun in every room; will
I' at;- for 0 or 12 months. Box <'„-»<;, Call.
IXVBSTMKXT8.
BONDS STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dividend-paying securities for sale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market it.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Eight»«>nUi ft., bet. Missouri and Cliff
House, gentleman's large black purse, con-
taining gold. E. CROSBT. 1514 Twentieth
«t. : reward.
LOST — A lady's sunburst -diamond pin, con-
taining five diamond?. Saturday night, Jan.
53; liberal reward. 102.1 Washington st.
LOST — Skye terrier, answering to the name of
"Bosco." Return to 1S18 Turk st. and re-
reive liberal reward. '
MEDICAL.
MRS. UK. WYETK, rpeciallst for all female
compiatnu; inttant relief guaranteed; 30
years expr-rience: removed to 626 Post Bt.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable Fpeciallet for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lWiS'i Market St., opp. Oth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaint*; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice Xree. Office. 1018 Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
poeitlvely cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlt.gham, 204 Sutter Bt.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van New— Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment *10; hours. 10 to 3; 25 year** exper.
DR ROSEN reside* 29d& Foisom at., . corner
26th: ladiea. relief or no fee; $10. ¦, :.
DR and MRS.^DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
crlglr.nl method of treatment. 1123 Market st.
DR NG TOY KKE. 319 Powell st., opposite
Union Square; all dUcases cured by herbs.
SEWIXC MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME— S*e our new trlp^-feed ma-
chines: tlishtlv usod; $H>. $15. $2t;; second-
hand. $::, $5, $S; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. K'51 Market st.
$1(> 50 — NEW Improved drop-head nickel-finish.
guaranteed 10 yr*. : 2rl-harul s»ew!ns machines
. K M. S;{. $4. 145 >itri st.; tel. Joy»!e- r.l.'W.
I AND St"PPLIE».
AN exceptionally good No. 2 KcrningtonJ No. t
Smith Premier. $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Ta*
Typewriter Exchange. 33* California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L 4 M. ALEXANDER. 110 IJoat-
• gomery »t.
A typewriter at any prl.-e; agents Fay-Shole*.
$100; Sun. $40: Commercial. $S5: Portal. $2».
CUNNINGHAM. CURTIS3 A WELCH.
!D-HANt> typewriters Bold, rented, repaired.
W»rmter Typewriting In*pec. Co.. BOS Market.
" PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Xotics
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men:
Nctice id hr-reby given that sealed bids .ir»
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials fur the excavation and
foundation of ths central power-house on tb«
grounds cf the University of California at
Kerkerey. Cal., and said fcuta will be received
at the oftlce ot the Relents, South Hall.
Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock- M. of Feb-
ruary 3, l'.H>l. Plans ami specifications for
Fail excavation and foundations have beea
adopted and may be examined dally at offlc«
of the li.-s.T.t.- from U a. m. until •* p. no.
No bids will be considered unless accompa-
nied by a certified cht-ck or bond of bidder,
in favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten tlo> per cent of hia
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that,
it said bid be accepted, the bidUer will duly
enter into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obligations in awurd-
ance with said bid and with the plans and
specifications which are hereby required to be
a part of such contract. The right to reject
any and all, bids ia herehy reserved. By or-
d»r ot the commlttt-e oa grounds and build-
ings of the Board of Resents. V. H. HC?i-
DERSON. Acting Secretary.
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley— Net ic»
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men —
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids ar»
Eclicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the structural steel
and iron wcrk of California Hall on thm
grounds of the University of California at
Berkeley. Cal.. and cald bids will be re-
ceived at the ofrtce of the Regents. Soutll
Hall. Berkeley, at cr before 12 o'clock m. of
February 10, 1004. Plars and specification*
of said structural steel and Iron work have>
been adopted and may be examined daily at
office of the Regents from 9 a. m. until 4
p m.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder
Ir. favor of the Regents of the University «f
California, equal to ten (ID) per eent of his
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
eater Into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obligations in accord-
ance with «taid bid and with the plans and
specifications which are hereby required to
be a [art cf such contract. The rigbt to re-
ject any and all bids Is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of tha Board of Regents. V. H.
HENDERSON. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. January 10. 1904-1
Sealed proposals In triplicate will be re-
ceived a,» this office until 11 a. m., Friday.
January 29. 1304. and then opened, for "Do-
ing all the printing, and furnishing all ma-
terial therefor, that may be required at
HeacViarters Pacific Division during tha re-
mainder cf the fiscal year ending June- JO
VJO4.'' Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production or manufacture, con-
ditions of quality and price (Including in tb»
price of foreign productions or manufacture
the duty thereon). being equal. Th»
Unitfd States reserves the right to reject or
accept any or all proposals in whole or la
part Information furnished en application
to uni3ersisni»'d. Envelopes containing pro-
porais should be marked "PToposala for
Printing." and • addressed to WM. S. PAT-
TEN. Assistant Quartermaster General. U.
S A , Chief Quartermaster.
BIDS will be received until February 15. 100$.
fcr the drilling of an oil well w'thin 5 miles
o.* Evanston. Wyo.: plentr of water near bv;
coal ran b* pal at the ; ell at from S3 to $:; 5»>
per ton; the contractors to furnish everything
and must prosecute th<> wcrk diligently day
and right until completed. Bidders wl'.l
make perarate bltls at. so much p<»r foot to
sink 100t> feet. 1500 f?et and 2C00 feet deep;
the size of the hole to he not l»s» than h' v '
Inches at the bottom on com:>letion. T>:»
right ts reserved to reject any and all b;da
If the price Is exctfsive. For further par-
ticulars write or call on the undersigned or
FRANK M. FOOTE. Evanston. Wyoming.
W. D. SAN BORN, trustee. C".l Market st.
HAN FRANCISTO. Ca I . . Jan. 115! l'JOl —
Seale-1 oroposals. In triDlicate. will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. February
25. l!K)t. and then op«-nei> for construction cf
a trick hospital (Including plumbing-, gaa
piping ah«l hfating) at Fort McDowell. Cal.
(iovcrnm<nt reserves the right to reject op
accept nnv or a'.l bids In whole or in part.
Information furnished en application to WM.
H. PATTEN, A«siatant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief O. M.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. January 2-':. 1004-^
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. February
2.1 1904. and then opened, for construction
of frame lavatory, including plurrbing. at
Fort Mason. Cal. Government reserves the
right to reject or accept any or all bida In
whole or In part. Information furnished on
application to WM. t». PATTEN. Assistant
Qnartermaster General. Chief Q. M.
EffiTHS—MABBlAeES— DEATHS,
lUrth. rnarriaze and death notices sent by
mall will not b? inserted. They must be handed
in at either of trie oublication ofnc«» an 1 be>
indor«e<I with the name and residence ot per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BURLI3ON— In this city. December 14. llXtt.
to the wife of Calvin Burllson. a daughter.
GEFKEN — In Berkeley. January IS. 10O4. to
the wife of H. Uefken. a daughter.
METHMANN— In this city. , January 23. 100».
to the wife of Otto Methmann. a daughter.
MCCARTHY— In this city. January 24. 10C4.
to the wife of Thomas E. McCarthy, »
daughter.
MAIUUKD.
BRABHAM— WATERHOUSE— In this city.
January 22. 1004. by tho Rev. RufU3 E.
Nunn. pastor Centenary Church. Rolla
. E Brabham and Laurel Waterhous«, botti
of San Francisco.
CORNET-LEIRARD— In this city. Sunday.
Jar.nary 24. 10O*. by the Rev. Mr. Myers.
• Dr. O. Cornet and Miss Fannie Leirard.
HAUSLE— TYMM— In this city. January Zi.
10C4. by the Rev. Paul Branke, Alfred
Hausle and Marie Tymm. both of San Fran-
DIED.
Ahlborn. William Lachman, Louia
Allen. Merton C. Lennon. Mary B-
Anderson. Ola Peter Long. Thomas J.
Armstrong. Mary Lyons. Charles
Bard. James Marvin. William W.
Bond. James E. McKenna. Margartt
Brookes. Edwin L. Mund, Rose
Day. John • Nealon. James
Dean. Emily Faetzold. BenjamlnC
Eyrlch. Dora Powers. Edmund
Fedden. Thomas lleagan, Jane E.
Fish Gaiua Hasley Regan. Mary Maria
Foley Martin Ryan. Thomas
Glennan. Albion II. Schellrr. Annie J.
Goez. Elizabeth tfchnier. Henry L.
Haggerty, Emma Schult*, Johanna II.
Hamilton Mary Strible. Henry E. .
Hoffman. Elizabeth Tway. Eph
Kessler Magdalena White. Thomas
Kolb, Edward A. Wimken. Catherine
Kullmann, August
AHLBOP.JT— In this city. January 22. 13O1.
William, beloved husband of Lucy Ahlb-irn,
devoted father of Mrs. D. B. Uhte. Mrs. C.
Fleischer and Auxu»t and Henry Ahlborn.
and brother of Absuat Ahlborn. a native of,
Hanover, aged us years 3 months and l'J
a C7Friend.i ar.d acquaintance* are respect-
fully lnvite.1 to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at th«
parlor* of H. W, Suhr & Co.. Hii7 Mission
street between Seventh and EUhtb. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by etectrio
funeral car from EUhteenth and Guerrero
streets. Remains will be at his late resi-
dence, s Foisom avenue, off Folaom street,
between Seventh and Eighth, until 10:^O
o'clock en Monday.
ALLEN— In this city. January 21. 1904. Mer-
ton C. beloved husband of Liltle Allen.
father of Clifford, Chealey and Alfred Allen,
son of Georsre F. and Angle W. Allen. an<i
.brother of Mrs. E. R. Marble of Napa. Ca,!..
a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years 5
months and 15 days.
CJ'Funeral services will be held Tuesday
at 2 o'ctock, at the funeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt. 2BW Mission street, between
Twenty- second and Twenty- third . (Mission
Masonic Tempi*), under tho auspice!) of
Golden Gate Camp. No. til. W. of W. Ia-
tcrment Petaluma. Cal.
ANDERSON— In this city. January 24. 1SHU.
Ola Peter Anderson, dearly beloved huj-
band of Emma Anderson, and beloved
Continued on Page Tea.
REAL ESTATB^ITY—FORSALE.
JAMES- G. JONES. 28 Montgomery St.,
Opposite Lick House.
SOME MAGNIFICENT PROPERTIES.
$18,C00 — NE. corner Vallejo and Devisadero:
one of the finest unobstructible • marine
views in San Francisco; lot 62x105; will
• subdivide.
$5,2oC^-On» of the most beautiful lots south
of the Park Panhandle: 50x137:0; grad-
ed: gas. water and side sewer In; will
subdivide.
$5,000 — Grove, inside Buchanan: 50-foot front-
age: old improvements bring $25; the
snappiest snap on the market.
. EXECUTORS' SALE OF BARGAIN LOTS.
$5,000— North line Oalc between Fillmore and
Stelner; lot 40x137:6; beautiful lot at a
gretot barsain; appraised at $0000; lots
: fronting north on opposite aide of block
and far less desirable were recently
. purchased from this estate on specula-
tion at a higher rate at auction and
are no'w held at $140 a front foot and
over.
.$3,250 — West line Fillmore, between Oak and
Fell; lot 27:flxlOO.'
$3,000— West line Fillmore, between Oak and
, Fell; key lot. 25x100: one of the finest
"keys in the city and an excellent buy
from every standpoint; appraised at
$3500.
See different lists In other papers.
JAMES G. JONES. 20 Montgomery st.
$1200— Bargain; cottage of 3 rooms; large lot.
25x120; garden, c-tc; fine view; 10th ave. ;
Sunset District; near park and car line;
see property to-day. Call at our branch
offlce for particulars, cor. 7th ave. and H
st. Open Sunday. BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL. 25 Post st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
•ts.. office and yard.
TWO fine level lots, ready to build on; Porter
st., 70 feet below Crescent ave., about two
bjocks from Mission st. cars. Apply No. 13
Porter st.
LOTS in the Mission for $150 each on easy
• terms: 2 blocks from cars. D. COFFIN &
CO.. 3303 Mlraion ft. -y. ..-
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
LIBERTY, near Guerrero— Dwelling worth
$4000; make offer; mortgaged $2500. Box
<C50. Call. .
LOTS, N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
EO you «' an t. a nico bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. R10 Howard Bt.
REAL ESTATE Country — For Sale.
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; goodThouse" and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion Aptos, Santa Cruz County, Cal.; price
$5000; also other lands for sale. For partic-
ulars address Postmaster, Moss. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. ~~
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet It's free. COO J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY PROPERTIES^
Orchards, grain, stock, alfalfa and poultry
farms for sale and exchange.
PETERSEN REALTY CO., 1035 Market St.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues eent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 64S
Market st.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 32S Bush St.. room
4. third floor.
WATER .front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott.bldg.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — To buy a two or three-story house.
Inquire 1C20 Lasuna Bt.
ALAMEBA 'ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — A fine 5-room cottaee now building:
a bargain. J. H. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park
St., Alameda.
FOR sale or to rent in Alameda. nice home;
desirable location. WM. F. WATTSQN. 519
Mission St.. room 311.
HOUSE and lot for sale; finest location In Ala-
meda; bargain. Call owners, 1724 Central
ave. ; no agents.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATES.
LOTS In North or East Berkeley where street
work Is done; near cars and university. Box
1011. Call offlce, Oakland.
BARGAINS— We buy, sell, exchange or build
MURDOCH &. CO.. Lorin Station. Berkeley!
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
5-ROOM cottage, hall, stable, fine well, out-
houjes; lot 100x125; rent $10 per month.
81f» Filbert st., f-an Francisco.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.*
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ELEVATED tract of 6'4 acreTwlt^In Oakland"
c-lty limits, In direct line of city's .growth,
toward Berkeley; well adapted to cutting into
lots; only $2000 an acre.
MEADS & BELL,
1223 Broadway. Oakland.
A SPECIAL bargain — A fine 7-room cottage,
near the.. Key route; lot 50x127; all st;cet
work done; easy terms; only ?2750. Also a
fine 4-room. cottage, with bath, etc., oniy
. $1050. P. C. LASSEN & CO., 466 Tenth st.
Oakland, Cal.
OAKI.AAD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
. ture. H. ScheUhaa8,llth st.,cor.store.pakland.
ROOMS FOR. HOCSGKEBFINO.
A— WHY' remain In cold rooms when you can
get warm apartments at .the Knickerbocker
Apartmtnta, 1340 Pine at.?
BELVEDERE, 141— Newly furnished 2. 3 or
4 rooms; garden; Panhandle district.
CASTRO. 423 — Two large sunny front unfur-
nished rooms in modern flat; suitable for
light housekeeping; moderate.
CALIFORNIA, 1421— 3 beautiful rooms; sunny;
private bath; garden; $30.
ELEVENTH, 106 — 2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping: coal stove.
ELLIS. 611 — Nicely furnished sunny alcove
room; 2 sunny connecting rooms; gas stoves.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
. en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonaBle.
HAIGHT. 003 — Large sunny front bay-window
room; kitchen, sas. bath, phone; $15.
HAIGHT. 1788 — Two unfurnished sunny rooms
and small kitchen;., bath and phone.
HAVE 3 or 4 rooms completely furnished for
housekeeping; orivate • residence: central;
rent reasonable. Box 742, Call,
HYDE. 614 — Elegant sunny front suite for
housekeeping: grate, bath. Phone Hyde 030.
JESSIE, S23 — Newly furnished rooms, complete
- for housekeeping; suite or single; reasonable.
LARKIN, C2C«i— Sunny suite, 3 rooms, kitch-
• en. hot and cold water, gas and coal stoves,
$2o; also fine front room for housekeeping,
$15. - -
LINDEN ave.. 324 — Sunny front room; use of
kitchen for housekeeping for man and wife.
MCALLISTER, 30— Large sunny front room;
well furnished; .bay window, gas. running
water, fireplace; housekeeping; also similar
back parlor containing organ.
MCALLISTER, 538— Sunny, furnished suite;
j gas, range, .hot bath, laundry; adults; $14.
MODEL House. 1206 Stockton — Newly furnished
hskpg., single rms., $S-$12; gas, bath,' phone.
PEARL, 3. corner Market — 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms; $18; no. children.
PEARL." 3, corner Market— Two furnished
housekeeping rooms: $12; no children.
POLK/. 612 — $14:. bedroom, .kitchen; gas store.
' bath; no children. ¦": .# ¦„'..,-. .r,-.;*
POST." 605-^-Front sunny eutte; foi* housekeep-
' ing; gas range, running water; $25 a month.
SUTTER. 2620— Furnished bedroom, dining-
room, kltchtn; yard; bath; parlor.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS Con. '
ALL UPRIGHTS. ~™ ~~~~
Kimball. fancy walnut $30
Collard $37
titeinway $50
Henry Hertz $73
Occidental $82
J. & C. Fischer , $99
3* Emcrsons. walnut, rosewood, 'mahog- -
any, same as new, each jig?
Colby, • cannot be told from new $235
Chlckering ....$187
2 Stelnways. large and sinall size- al-
most- new $105-$325
Heine. $47B etyle. slightly used.. $2S5
And 200 others.
All pianos sold are guaranteed not to be de-
fective Examine this list. "iVe have never
had such a great variety at so low a price.
Rents. $2 up; Installments. ?4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.', , \
A FEW unredeemed storage piano* (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHJSAP'S storage. Iraq Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal StMr.Tray upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice/ Keeffe's,2S5 O # Farrell.
EQHMER. Kyron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Pott at.
SUPERIOR violins, withers, old and new. H
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
Jfi pat;*?. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AM) STORES TO LET.
TO lease — Premises suitable for market; 50x80;
.situated on a corner In a well-populated iis,
• triot. G. H. UMBSHN & CO., 20 Monl-
eomery st.
FOR rent — Fine offices on Market St.; suitable
for tailor; one now vacating; also well fur-
nished sleeping rooms. 3 Eddy st.
STORE to lease on Market St.. bet. Third and
Fourth. Box CC9. Call. •
NICE fine offlce to let; also fine front desk
room. Call at 419 California St., room 21.
_ ' ¦ TERSOXALS.
DON'T FAIL " "~™ -™— -
To see the wonderful exhibition of the treat-
ment for the removal of wrinkles by •"
MME. ELLA HARRIS.
at corner Stockton and O'Farrell, this week
only. This method Is the invention of Mme.
Ella Harris and is practiced by no one in
this city but her. Offlce, 781 O'Farrell »t.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves fts growth.stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co 1338
Polk st. ¦• ¦ ' . »
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism;-. genuine
tubs, hot and cold water;, trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 400 Geary.
WANTED — Address of two men named Drohan,
who were as far East as New York a few
years am and .returned to California. Ad-
dress THOMAS DROHAN, Brockton, Mass.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. '15 years' experience, cures per-
• manently morphine.' cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 201 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo.; ladies' mitts made
to order; first-class work: $10; with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. .180 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S.TJ Polk St.; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 097 Mar-
ket St.. room 20.1; phone South 751.
AT lfss than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and troui>prs at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor T2t Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall, Howard St., near
9th: Prof. Fester; society dancing taught.
UPHOLSTERING; furniture cleaned and var-
nishp<l. UPHOLSTERER; lU>i Minna st.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist," 3»fi) Sut-
ter. r. 009. Miss Eaton. 2.1:5 Geary, room 3S.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson. MO Post.
Bon Marche Pants Co.: special $5 pants to or-
dcr. Rooms 14 & 1C. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumtn 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 73.1 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec
trie net-die. Dr. & Mr.* Traverse. 1170 Market'
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.'
Mlagt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.*
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offico of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened it 1008 Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. . ¦
PAL31 1 STIi Y.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
Clvt; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press, $1; open Tuesday eve, also. 139 Post st
MME. NEERGARD, located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1.. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 613
Taylor at. near Geary. Phon» Plack 861.
ETC.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting painting,
Hartmai.n Paint Co.. .'!lt> Third; tel. Main 413.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce~and~re7idence!
1021 Vi Market st.'. bet. tith and 7th; particu-
lar 9ttention paid. to diseases of women.
BLOOD. Kkin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR,. BALL, 1073>4 Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
¦ treats all diseases of the human body; for
pact four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 6G7 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
DR. TOXG PO CH Y. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dln-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
STORAGE
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard Bt.. nr. Third; phone Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Postand_P^w^U_sts : j_tel : _Prive 1 _Ex. S71.
CONKLIN'S storages-Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12 B.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission «t.; tel. Howard 94L' F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rateg.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
THE Phoenix, Savings. Building and Loan As-
sociation. 516 California St.. San Francisco,
has declared a dividend for the six months
ending December 20, 1903. at the annual rate
• of D per cent on general capital stock, C per
cent on term certificates and 4^4 per cent on
savings accounts, the latter being, withdraw-
able upen the samo general terms and condi-
tions as are usual with savings banks.
The Phoenix has a paid in capital of $1,-
O0O.0C0 and a reserve fund and surplus of
• $210,000. Its directors are: A. A. Watklns
president: Charles R. Bishop, vice president-
¦ B. Prentlss Smith. treasurer; Clarence
Orange, secretary and managing directory
Gavin McNab. attorney; Charles E. Ladd and
George C. Boardman. ¦¦ .
8AN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home BuiloT
Ing Society. 6th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market St.. opposite Third
For the half-year ending 31st of December.
1003. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Managor. HUGH CRAIG. "S-rretarT
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
ci£N^tATri>AcfiFrC^
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS
Notice ts hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision • of Article Eight of the mortgage
from this Company to the Central Trust Com-
pany of New York, Trustee, dated August 1,
lfcOO, this Company has set apart out of the
net income derived by it from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen.
ty-flve - thousand dollars I In trust to be used
. to redeem said bonds.'and that bonds Issued
• under, said mortgage will be redeemed there,
with and bids are hereby Invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to be named by
the bidders, to the amount requisite to ex-
haust said sum. Such bids should be pre-
sented: to., this Company at Its office, 120
Broadway. In the City of New York, on or
before the -1st day of February, 1904 at
twelve o'clock noon, and should be lndo'rsed
I "Bids for Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company Flrsf Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
By E.H. HARRIMAN, Presideat '
New York, January 2, 180A.
ROOMS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING Con.
TURK, 524 — 1 rooms, same as flat, modern,
$40; also 2 rooms. $15. ,
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367— Sunny front rooms,
furnished; for housekeeping: $12.
VAN NKSS, 710 — A nice alcove suite with sin-
gle room; first-class people desired.
GLKNDORE— Xew apartments on Pine st..
east of Van Ness ave.; 5 and 6 rooms each,
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra 'cost; will be finished
with exceptional beauty and taste and are
now offered for rent unfurnished: tenants
ran rent direct from owner, who will manage
the building, now approaching completion;
"pen for inapectlon. HOOKER & LENT. 14
Post st.
MONTCLAIIt APARTMENTS.
Cor. Pine and Taylor sts.: beautiful new mod-
ern apartments; all sunny corner suites: fur-
nished or unfurnished; marine view; phone Pr.
Exch. 443. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
'THE Lunger. 445 Hayes, cor. Octavia — Just
completed; runny: modern 3-rm. apartments:
elegantly furnished: electric lights; private
baths; MO op; ref». ; also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in e!egantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private bath*, ctfam heat. elec.
lights, elevator. , gas ranges; $30 to $. r >5.
ST. LOUIS. l.'TS Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rcoms. also single: furnished or unfurnished;
marine view: now cpen; references.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk: modern housekeeping
apartments, 4 or 5 rms., fur. or unfur.
HADDON HALL. ~~
951 EDDY ST. REFF.RENCES.
APARTMENTS WANTED.
WANTED — A '3-room furnished apartment;
must '>e reasonable and central. Box 63S,
Call oftlce.
HOOMS TO LET — Porn, and Dntorn.
AURORA, corner Second and Foisom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside:
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-tc-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A -BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth «t.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN, 836 Sutter— Just opened; hand-
somely fur.: cor. suites; bath; aun all day;
fine view; single rms.; tourists; excl. location.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth st. — Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 5<> night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BUSH. fll2, near Jones — Private residence: 3
exceptionally large connecting unfurnished
rooms; carpets: every modern convenience;
2 or 3 very handsome unfurnished rooms
(renovated), bath attached; references.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No! 13fi4)— Fur-
nlsbed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CRYSTAL HOUSE. 0C7 Sutter at. — Elegant
rooms; board if wanted: reas. respectability.
EDDY, 7C3 — Splendid view of Van Ness ave. ;
an apartment and single rooms; modern flat.
FOLSOM. 574 — Unfur. sunny rms. ; grate, closet,
running water; small ones, from $4 mo. up.
FOLSOM. 1220— Newly furnished single and
double rooms new house; terms reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 317— Large front furnished room,
for 1 or 2 gents; $10.
FRANKLIN, 5C2. cor. Fulton — Large sunny
front room; double bed; toilet and bath; con-
venient; hot and oold water.
FREDERICK, 557— Nicely furnished rooms;
good Park view and best conveniences.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
JESSIE. 383, east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms; $»; per month.
JONES. 610 — Sunny front parlor for one or
two gentlemen.
JONES. '.(19 — Very desirable furnished room;
all conveniences. *
MARKET. 1032 — Nice, sunny front rooms; also
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 7<» — Well furnished front par-
lor; suitable for ladies or gentleman; rea-
sonablo
MINNA, 514 — Nice sunny front room; suitable
for 2 gentlemen.
MISSION. 837A— Fine single room?, with run-
ning water: closet: $1 50 week and up.
MISSION. S62V6— Nicely furnished houaekeep-
lns rooms.
NATOMA, 102 — Sunny furnished front rooms;
$1 and $1 5<f per week; suitable for 2 per-
sons.
O'FARRELL. 623 — Nicely furnished sunny
room; grate; light housekeeping If desired.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reafifng-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Lcguna — A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
SUTTER, 1022>4, near Hyde — Two large sunny
parlors & kitchen or laboratory; gas grate.etc
TAYLOR, 624. corner Sutter— Sunny front
rooms; rent reasonable.
TURK. 1218 — Nicely furnished room; also
single front room.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus;baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 7, near Market — Large sunny
bay-window alcove; gas, run. water; unfur.
VAN NESS ave.. 819 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for offlce or cinb.
WASHINGTON 1402— Large sunny front room
and bath; with or without board.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
33c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage
WOLF House. 2t« Sixth — Electric light Hi
every room, rooms from 15c to $1 per night.
70c to $5 per week; open all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Fillmore,
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
. of advertisements and subscriptions has beec
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AXO BOARD.
.^~~"v' W w. HOrl^ V *HATTON* —
077 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
•uites-, private .baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
VAN NESS ave., 944 corner O'Farrell— Board
and room. $25 per month.
MCALLISTER. 781 — Nicely furnished rooms,
with .board; gents only. .
POST. 1114, near Van Ness — Sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: terms reasonable; references.
THE NIARA. 615 Taylor— Nicely furnished.
sunny suites; also 'single; excellent table.
ROOM and board, modern conveniences, for a
gent.; private family. 122i Golden Gate ave.
SUTTER. 2148 — Private, sunny, running water;
good board; all new; free phone. West 860.
SUTTER, 067 (Cr>«tal House) — Elegant roomi";
board optional; respectable; reasonable.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent tatlj; from $40; single $25.
NEWPORT. 1018 Pine, near Tay tor — Large sun-
ny kuitpa; also single room; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion. SOT California— Pine rocmi;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL. SOS — Furnished rooms; horn*
cooking; German family; $6 per week.
POWELL. 602, cor. Sutter— Large sunny corner
room for 2. terms reasonable; also single rm.
MANHE1M, 632 Sutter — Sunny front rooms;
Ftrictly first class; transient.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— Board and room or suite of rooms
for man and wife: rooms must b? pleasant
» and homelike. Address, with rates, box
70*. Call offlce. .
BOARD and suite of rooms in first-class hot«l
or private family for a married couple; <ive
rates; references exchanged. Box 687, Call.
ROOM and boarJ wanted for a single roan;
downtown.- Box 712, Call offlce.
YOUNQ lady wishes room and board in refined
family; state terms. Box 525 Call office.
gTUTTKRIXG ASP STAM.MKu.l.\t>.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Core
In every ease; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.Will Sail for Orient.
The Oriental Steamship Company's stfam-
Unltad States Coast and Geodetic • Survey—
Tlir.e and Height of High and Low W»t«l
at: Fort • Point, - entrance., to San FrancUco
Bay. Published by official authority of th»
Superintendent.- . ....,,.¦.
NOTE— Tha high and low • wateri occur at
Sun, Moon and Tide.
FROM. SEATTLE. ,
Steamer. For. Sails.
Dolphin. ...... Skagway _s-Way Forts. Jan. 24
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 29
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb.' 1
J. Dollar....... Valdez A Way Ports.. Feb. F
A1-KI.....V.. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. ¦- 5
Bertha. . . .'. . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. : 10
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. 16
The China Commercial Company's steamer
Atholl, from .Hongkong via , Mazanillo, , which
was scheduled to arrive Saturday, has not put
in an appearance yet, but she will probably,
come in early this morning. ".
Steamer Atlioll Due.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 24.— At a meeting
to-night ot the Central Trades and
Labor Union, embracing all the labor
unions in; St. Louis, resolutions were
adopted indorsing- the strike recently
declared by the drivers of liverymen
and undertakers, and denouncing the
course of Governor Dockery and Chief
of Police Kfely in taking such rigid
cognizance of. the strike and permitting
non-union men to be sworn in as priv
ate watchmen, empowered to carry
arms.
Strike of Drivers Indorsed.
The American ship Astral, Captain Dunham,
was towed Into Beale , street dock yesterday.
Although she is loaded with 5000 tons of coal
?she is the cleanest and freshest vessel that
ever came into this port. Her attractive ap
pearance was the subject of much compli
mentary notice from passers-by who ¦¦ were
strolling along the docks yesterday. '';¦:: ¦ ¦. ¦•
Astral Docks.
Peterson's refitted launch Amy, which was
launched on Saturday, had her trial run yes
terday. Her new engines, which were built
by Frank Peters on the dock, proved to do
all that was claimed for them. She ran up
to Hunters Point and back and scored ten
and one-half knots, which is equal to about
thirteen miles. This Is fine time for so small
a boat and makes her one of the fastest on
the bay. , * j
She has been refitted throughout and painted
and presents a first-class appearance.
Launch Makes Fast Time.
The bay was smooth and calm, and many
took advantage to go out in launches, while
the unusual sight of families in small rowboats
was a novil one .
The street fakirs were in . much evidence,
their being no less than a dozen vending
their wares and goods, which included pretty
much everything from religious tracts to shav
ing soao. Slnjring of Salvationists also added
to the general excitement of the day.
Altogether, so far' as the concourse of
sightseers was concerned. It was the liveliest
day that has been _ een along the docks for
many years.
The main attractive feature, of course, was
the Herzo_ln Cecilie: then there* was the
great Norwegian steamship Titania discharg
ing her cargo of 5507 tons of coal, part going
on to the coal dock at Howard wharf and the
balance on to the old coal hulk Melrose.
The fine weather of yesterday attracted great
crowds to the. water front, and from th» Mail
dock to the ferry *depot thousands of people
sauntered along, taking in the different sights.
There was plenty to see to amuse and lntenst.
Fine Day on Watffr Front.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 24—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dat« as compared with those of the sam» date
last season and the rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours: •
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureki O.00 23.32 31.80
Red Bluflf O.00 13.59 14.91
Sacramento 0.«» 5.20 7.3«
San Francisco."; o.oo 7.10 7.IS
«^n_ao 0.00 i.4t 3.40
Indeptndence .*. rt.CO 0.42 O.83
S. L. Obispo O.OO 1.9O 5.0t
Los Angel's 0.0ft 0.57 4.97
Eau Diego 0.00 0.43 6.09
THE COAST RECORD.
P.aker 30.44 2S 24 NW Snow !c_
Oaison 30.24 44 1« NW- Clear .00
Eureka 30.32 50 40 N Clear .Of)
Farallcn 30.1*0 .'.2 48 NW Clear .00
Fresno SO.16 6*; 32 N Clear .Chi
Flagstaff 30.00 4S 14 NW ' Clear .00
Independence .3O.02 _6 30 SE , Clear ,0">
Mt Tamalpals.30._0 52 46 N Clear .00
lx)s AnffoUs..30.09 70 44 SW Clear .00
North Head...:V>.52 41 3S NW Pt.CIdy .06
Phoneix 30.02 i& 2ft W Clear .00
Point Reyes...10.12 5« 46 NW Clear ¦ .00
Portland \3O.KS 4<5 38 W Rain .01
Red Bluff 3O.2O 60 38 N Clear .00
Rocebrrs 30.CO 44 32 XW Clear .<»)
Sacramento ..30.16 _t> 3B N Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.20 S2 22 NW Pt.CIdy T.
San Franclsco.3».20 5S 46 W Clear .00
S. L. Oblsno.30.Ott «8 38 N Clear .00
San Diego 30.06 68 50 NW CUar .f»
Seattle :S0.54 44 32 KE Clear .00
Spokane 30.38 3« 30 W Pt.CIdy .00
Tatoosb 30.18 46 38 W Cloudy T.
Walla Walla..30.42 44 32 SW Clear .00
"sM'innemucca .30.34 38 28. N Clear .00
Yuma 30.00 72 34 N Clear r .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the southern por
tion of the Pacific Slope and cloudy weather
over the northern. Light rain is falling over
the T.-e*tern snortions of Washington and Ore
gon and snow over Eastern Oregon.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the,
northwestern- portion of the country and
fallen over Utah and Arizona.
The temperature changes have been slight
In all districts.
A north wind of thlrty.four mile« per hour
is reported from Eureka.
Forecast made at'San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. January 25:
Nor.hern California —Fair Monday; fresh
northwest wind. , . >
Southern California—Fair Monday: brisk
north wind.
Nevada—Fair Monday.
San Franci«co and vicinity —Fair Monday
fresh northwest wind. " ¦
a. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I : Destination. Sails. Pier.
; January 25.
Elizabeth.. Coquille River..... 5 pm Pier 20
Jeanie.. ... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Newburg.. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
C. Nelson. Astoria & Portland S pm Pier 20
North Fork Humboldt ......... 5 pm Pier 20
Chehalls... Grays Harbor :: pm Pier 2
A. Maru... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
January 36.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 20
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pier 2
laqua..... Humboldt. 9 am j Pier 2
Corona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
January 27.
San Pedro. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
January 28.
S. Barbara . Seattle &. Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
Centralla.- Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. » am Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 8 pm Pier 20
Oregon.... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24*
Arcata.:.., Coos B. & Pt Orfrd 12 m Pier 1.1
Porno...... Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier .2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
January 29.
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier a
January 30.
Pt. Arena.. Pt Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance... Eureka & Coos B. 5 pra Pier IS
Alameda. : . Honolulu .......:'. 11 am Pier 7
City Sydney n. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
. • .January 31.' (
City PuebU Puget Sound Ports. 11 am] Pier 0
February 2. I I
O. W. Eldei Astoria & ' Portland 11 am Pier 24
Korea ..... China _ Japan . .'. . 1 pm Pier 40
Rainier... Seattle & /Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
. . ¦ February 3. I i
Rival ...... Willapa Harbor . . 4 pm Pier 10
February 5."
Umatllla.. \ Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier '9
TO ARRIVE.
¦ Steamer. • From. Due.
Athol! China & Japan Jan. 24 j
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma Jan. _4 j
Edith Tacoma Jan. 25 !
Cnehalls San Pedro I Jan. 25
State ot Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 25
Coos Bay..... San Pedro & Way Ports Jan. 25
Oregon Portland _ Astoria Jan. 25 I
Tellus Oyster Harbor Jan. 26
Coronado San Pedro Jan. 20
S. Monica San Pedro Jan. 26
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 20
Porno Point. Arena A Albion. Jan. 26
Alanieda Honolulu Jan. _«
Czarina Coos Cay Jan. 27
Eureka Humboldt .....Jan. 27
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports Jan. 27
Newport New York via Panama. Jan. 27
Pomona Humboldt . . .' Jan. 27
S. Barbara San Pedro Jan. 28
Santa Rosa... [San Dlpgo & Way Pts. Jan. 28'
Centralla~. .... San Pedro. ........' Jan. 28
Point Arena... Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Jan. 28
Ratnler Seattle _ Whatcom |Jan. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports. ........ .IJan. 20
Bonita........ Newport & Way Ports. I Jan. 2'J
Wval •••• Willapa Harbor [Jan. 30
Gaelic •• China & Japan (Jan. 3d
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria (Jan. _0
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma ..(Jan. 31 i
North Fork... Humboldt ...|Jan. 31 I
Umatllla '. . Puget Sound Ports |Feb. 1
¦Ventura..;... Sydney *; Way -Ports. Feb. . 1
Memphis Hamburg & Way Ports Feb. 2
Marlposa Tahiti Feb. 3
City Para New York via Panama. Feb. 4
Movements of Steamers.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early rooming tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in tha order of occurrence as to time; -the.
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
¦om'etimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then tlje number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
25 4:3S| 5.1111 :1S| 1.7| 5:251 3.4|10:47| 2.2
•26 0:25| 6.8 12:25 1.1) «:68| 3.4111:501 2.5
27 6:161 6.5 1:271 O.e! 3:20 S.7( I....-
L W H Wl IL W . H W[
28 0:55 2.6 7:101 S.7| 2:17 0.0 0:221 4.0
29 l;06 2.7 8:041 O.fll 3:10—0.5110:131 4.4
M 2:51| 2.7| 0:02! 6.1 3:561— 0.9 11:00] 4.7
GLASGOW— Sailed Jan. 24.— Stmr Anchorla,
for New York. • . ¦ : ¦ •
GRAVESEND^-Arrlved Jan. 24.— Stmr Si
lesia, from San Francisco, via Guayaquil, etc.,
for Hamburg. •
.HAMBURG— Sailed Jan. 24.— Stmr Bluecher.
for New York. l . ¦¦¦':
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan. 24.— Stmr I'm
bria, from New York. -'¦: ,
NAPLES— Arrived Jan. 24.— Stmr Republic,
from 'Alexandria. . '
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan. 24.— Stmr Au-.
Ruste Victoria, from Hamburg; atmr . Perugia,
from Leghorn and Naples.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed' Jan. 24.— Str Etru
ria. from Liverpool, for New York,
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed ¦:, .Jan. 24— Stmr
Bluecher,; from Hamburg, for New York.
VICTORIA, B. C— Sailed Jan. 24— Stmr City
of Puebla, for San Francisco.
¦ OCEAN STEAMERS. ' vW
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS,
H1L0— Sailed j Jan. 21— Stmr Enterprise, for
San Francisco. '
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan. 23— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from Kahului. ¦ .'¦ ~*- ¦ \
Sailed Jan. 2-VBr «tmr Gaelic, for San
Francisco: bark Alden Bessc, for San Fran
cieco.- - .
. Sailed Jan. 21 — Bark Olympic, for San Fran
cisco.
KAHULUI— Arrived Jan. 23— Schr Rosa
mond, from Tacoma.
¦ Arrived Jan. 23 — Stmr Argyll, hence 13th.
Sailed J_n. 23 — Stmr Hawaiian, for New
York.
DOMESTIC PORTS
ASTORIA — Sailed Jan. 24 — Stmr, Oregon, for
San Francisco
CAS PAR— Arrived Jan. 21— Stmr South
Coast, hence L'."id.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan. 23— Schr San Buena
ventura, fcr San Francisco. '
Sailed Jan. 24 — Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Jan. 24 — Stmr Pomona,
hence _:td.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan. 24— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
HADLOCK— Arrived Jan. 23— Bktn J. M.
Griffith, hence nth. • .
RUDONDO — Arrived Jan. 24— Stmr Santa
Barbara, from Ssattltv and sailed for San Pe
dro.
Arrived Jan. 24 — Schr Emma Claudina, from
Eureka. . •¦
Sailed Jan. 24 — Stmr Lakme, for San Pedro.
SAN ¦ PEDRO— Arrived Jan. 24— Schrs Baln
bridge and C. S. Jlolmrs, from Port Blakeley;
schr Wlhslow, from Everett: etmrs Santa Bar
bara and Lakme, from Redondo. _
Sailed Jan. _4 — Stmrs Prentiss, Santa Mon
ica and Coronado. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan. . 24— Stmr City Of
Puebla. for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan. 24 — Stmr Umatllla, hence 21st;
8tmr Dlrlco, irom Skazway. "
TACOMA— Arrived Jan. 24— Stmr Victoria,
from Hongkong; Btmr Mackinaw, hence 20th. •
Sailed Jan. 24 — Stmr' San Mateo, for San
Franci«co
VENTURA — Arrived Jan. 24^ — Stmr Santa
Monica, from Hueneme.
. WHATCOM — Sailed Jan. 24— Stmr Rainier,
for San Francisco. ' , . ¦
Per stmr Pasadena — Jan. "4. 11 a. m.. 20
miles N\V. of Point Reyes — Tug Sea Rover,
from Grays Harbor, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN,
POINT LOBOS, Jan. 24; 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wnid-KE., velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Sunday. January 24.
Stmr Magpie, Corning, Half Moon Bay.
Stmr Eureka. .lessen. Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Bonita. Gtelow, San Pedro.
Stmr Marshfleld. Dettmers, Coos Bay.
Br Btmr Lonsships, Walker, Port Townsend,
Schr Ida A. Campbell. Bodega.
Bark Albert. Turne, 'Honolulu.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN— 12 P. M.
Schrs Gem and Glen. ' <
Sunday. January 2i.
Stmr Corona, Nopander, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
_tmr Sla-nal. Bendegard. 9 days from Grays
Harbcr. via Coos Bay 47 hours.
Stmr Gipsj-, J_Man<3, 20 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Sequoia. Andresen. 12 hours from Mon
terey.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, 3 hours from Halt
Moon Bay.
Stmr Pasadena, Dixon, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberts; 40 hours . from
Santa Barbara.
StmV Del Norte, Green, 31 hours from Cres
cent City.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 10 -hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Bessie K, Reed, 12 hours from San Vi
cente Landing. ¦ :.*¦«¦
ARRIVED.
Shipping- Intelligence.
,g IH Wl |L Wl !H W| JL W|
'• Ft. | ( Ft. i Ft. ( Ft.
? iTirne) (Time] . |Tlme| lTime)
The cadet school ship Herzogin
Cecille was the center of attraction on
the water front yesterday. Captain M.
Dietrich had sent out several thousand
cards of admission to the ship, and
they were practically all acknowledged
In person. From 11 a. m. until nearly
dusk the ship was thronged with
crowds of interested sightseers, who
roamed around from stem to stern, and
from deck to hold at their own free
will. At times the decks were so
crowded that navigation was almost
impossible and finally, about 2 o'clock,
the jam became so great that for a
time it became necessary to refuse ad/
mittance. A great crowd collected In
the meantime, which completely filled
the dock from East street to the end
of the wharf. ,On board the vessel the
officers and the sixty-seven cadets en
tertained their visitors to the best of
their ability. A few spoke English, a
small number knew a few words of the
language, while the majority were only
conversant with their native tongue.
Conse cuently when It <iame to de
scribing the different workings of the
machinery of the vessel* conversation
ceased to be of use, and the language
of signs was introduced and_ carried on
with great vigor. The majority of the
visitors were ladies. They were very
smartly dressed in light colored fabrics,
and East street never before* put on
such a festive appearance.
The vessel will probably remain here
two weeks longer. She is not under
charter as yet, so her next objective
point is unknown.
ship America Maru will sail to-day at 1 o'clock
for Hongkong via Honolulu.
Sun rises , 7:19
Sun sets 5:25
Moon eets f first quarter). J>:V2 a. m.
the city front {Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the came at both places.
BIG SPRECKELS TUG DAUNTLESS TOWING THE STEAM SCHOONER
J. S. HIGGINS TO PORT. TOWBOAT BROUGHT THE COASTER
FROM GRAYS HARBOR IN SEVENTY-EIGHT HOURS.
T^et us fit your hand to a Waterman,
Regal or Marshall fountain pen. Price.
$1 to $5 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 24.— The Louisiana
Purchase Exhibition stands ready and
is waiting' for the general installation
of exhibits. The point has been reached
where the management of the exposi
tion is . no longer . occupied with the
rapid advancement toward completion
of the buildings, but instead it now
lays particular stress upon the import
ance of the speedy shipment of exhibits,
especially those assembled by domestic
exhibitors. Officials of the exposition
make the statement that the one thing
of paramount importance to insure the
anticipated successful and auspicious
opening of the World's Fair is the Im
mediate commencement by domestic
exhibitors to ship cars as rapidly as
can be had. »'
Owing to the unprecedented partici
pation by both foreign and domestic
exhibitors, vast numbers of exhibits
have been and are now in course of
arrangement and collection. The time
for the opening of the exposition is
rapidly approaching, but apparently
the knowledge of the fact is not causing
the shipment of exhibits to be rushed
forward with the promptness and dis
patch that is absolutely essential to
insure rapid delivery of. the cars to the
World's Fair site and to avoid possible
congestion in the handling of the cars
after they have reached St. Louis.
The World's Fair management has
devoted more than ordinary attention
to preparation for the handling of cars,
and the arrangements are now com
pleted. Adequate railroad facilities are
ready, the warehouses have all been
erected and all the buildings are, in such
a state of completion that Installation
of exhibits can be commenced imme
diately.
What the management now most ar
dently desires is the prompt shipment
of exhibits from the different parts of
the country to begin immediately.
Otherwise, if there be delay, congestion
in- traffic handling after St. Louis is
reached is almost an assured condition.
It is estimated that from 25,000 to
30,000 cars of domestic exhibits alone
will reach St. Louis during the last uf
March and the fore. part of April. As
the World's Fair opens on April 30. it
is said it will be difficult to handle thid
enormous influx of freight at the last
moment.
Prompt Installation of Goods
Will Obviate Congestion on
the Opening Day -of the Fair
JA3E OF FREIGHT FEARED
Management of Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition » Urges Im
mediate Shipment of Goods
WANT EXHIBITS
TO BE RUSHED
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALI^. MONDAY. /JANUARY 25, 1904.
Sightseers Throng pecks of the Herzogin Ge
cilie and Inspect Her From Bow to Stern.
Many Spend the 'Day on City Front
CADETS OF GERMAN SHIP RECEIVE
VISITORS ON BOARD THE VESSEL
MON'DAT, JANUARY 25,
10
AUCTION SALES
fe AUCTION SALE £s>
50— Horses and Mules— 50
By order of Fred Mast of Tolo 'County and
H. Evans of Butte County we will sell 50"
head of HORSES and MULES, weighing from ',
1100 to leoo pounds.
Thlg stock is Tvell broken. In rood order and I
ready for work. ;
~t,,~, " >Sale Takes Place
THURSDAY NIGHT. January 28 at 8 o'cIock.
At 1732 MARKET ST. 8. F.
Stock at yard Thursday momln_. !
• FRED H. CHASE _ CO..
Auctioneers.
fr* AT AUCTION
20 HEAD of HEAVY DRAFT HORSES. 1
HANDSOME 6- YEAR-OLD SADDLE _IORSE.
I FAST PACER, RUBBER-TIRE BUGGY
and HARNESS and a lot of horsss suitable for
all purposes. AH horses guaranteed to. be as
re _2! s * nted - This stock must be sold.
MONDAY, Jan." 25, at 11 o'clock.
At ELLIS-ST. STABLE. 615 ELLIS ST.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
___* T_ .U 008 * out a larKe « tock of HORSES.
_V__ H ARES> DONKEYS. CARTS. SUU-
RETS. WAGONS. BUGGIES. SINGLE AND
DOUBLE HARNESS TUESDAY. Jan. 26. 11 !
*. n».. at 1140 FOLSOM ST
WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
*»-s_. AUCTION SALE— 40 HORSES AND
MARES— 40, WEDNESDAY, Jan. 27,
!* "2* m * ARCA °E HORSE MARKET, 327
blATH ST. Every horse must be aa repre-
sented or money refunded. JOHN J. .DOYLE.
Auctioneer.
OCEAN TBA.VEL.
Steamers leave San Fra'n-
y<V^^-<Qiv Cisco as follows:
/£%_ ** or Ketchikan, Wrangel,
/«/^S53_?*' VJft Juncau. Haines. Skaguay.
f { \ I Pt <-- Alaska — 11 a. m. Jan.
\ I \W__^\ / i '_»;. 31. Feb. 5. Change to
w\ \\ ' Vo"/ company's steamers at Se-
: VyOl _^_t _/ *«'<"•
lr>or Victoria, Vancouver.
-* '- -*^ Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m. Jan. 26. 31.
I Feb. 5. ' Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. X. Ry.: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m. Jan. 23. _i», Feb. 4; Corona, 1:30 p. m.
Jan. 26. Feb. 1. .
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Reriondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Statp of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, £anta Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme:
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., Jan. _8. Feb. R.
. Bonita. 9 a. m.. Jan. ?4. Feb. 1.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Muzatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Hex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ing dates.
TICKET OPriCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Marhot street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Oregon sails Jan. 23. Feb. 7. 17. 27. March
9. 19 and 29. S. S. Oregon is temporarily In
pervice instead of the Columbia. George W.
Elder sails Jan. 23. Feb. 2. 12. 22, March 4.
14 and _4. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all polnta East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and- meals. Steamer sail3 foot of Spear st. at
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Cen. Agt. Pais. Dept.,
1 Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery at*
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
St'arcers vlll leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkonfr. callins at Kobe (Kiogo). Naga-
eaki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong with steamers* for India, etc. No cargo
received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
: Monday January 23. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For. freight and passage* apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
___»_»_iil1_>C QT FA *""*"• IARM > n *
occanics.s.co. sasjst.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 30. 11 a.m. j
••I S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Feb. 11, 11 a. m.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Feb. 11. 2 p. m.
i •JJ.IFKCniSftB!8S.eO. F Xsts..Tk_3tG_te.l43_irt0:B
W\msLlll brbiSL.Pbrlt. 7. PiaWL
COKFAGSIS 6EN-3AL- TRANS ATI. IX ri?7.2.
DIRECT LTNE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
S;xi!ins; every Thursday insteal oC _Z*\££3*0
! Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. '•-•*"*-^- «-: •"
' North River foot of Morton street.
; First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
ifVN-DA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
1 New York. J. F. FUGAZI _ CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISB1E or MONTICELLO— j
' 9:45 a. m., :i:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday, j
! Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo. j
! 7 a m. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun- !
i day. 7 n. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fart, &0 cents. Tel. j
Main 15OS. - Pier 2, Misslon-st. dock. HATCH ;
BROS. j
; RAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. j
LESSEE
SAN FRANCI-lO a.Nj NUKTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAKT. ;
Tibnron Perry. Poot of Market Street.!
SAW FSAirCXSCO TO SAX SAPAEL. i
WKEK DAYS? — 7:30. 9:0<». 11:00 a. m.; 12:_f>. |
3:30. 5:10. «:3O p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra trip j
at 11:30 p. m. -_ j
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. |
SUNDAYS— S:(a>. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30, |
5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. ra. V" * ;
SAN SAPAEZi TO SA_T PSA 17 CIS CO.
WEEK DAYS— »I:05 7:33. 7_5O. 9:20. 11:15
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
! SUXDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. ta.; 1:40. 3:40.
| 4:55. 5:C5. 6:25 .p. m.
Leave J In Kffect I Arrive
San Francisco. | Sept. 27. 1003. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- j Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ) tlon. ( days. | Days.
7:30 al 8:00 a 1 \ 9:10a 8:40a \
I !):;;oa] V Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:2Oa |
3:30 p 1 3:.T0p 6:05 p 6:20 p i
5:10 p! 5:C0pl 7:35 p
7:C0a 9:10a 8:40 a
8:C0a Xovato. 10:40 a 10:_0 a
,t:ni>p 9:30 a Petaluaia 6:05 p C:20p
5:10 pj 3:30 p| and 7:35 p
i | 5:00 pi Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:.{Qp [ ¦
I I Windsor.
7:30 af 8:00 af Healdsbur?. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 d
| ' Cloverdale.
i 7:30a| 8:00 aj Hopland 110:40 a 110:20 a
! 3:30 pj 3:30 pj and Ukiah { 7:35 pf 6:20 p
a) 8:00 a| WlTlits. |~7:3.pj 6:20p
7:30 al 8:0O al 110:40 a 10:20 a \
' 3:30 p| 3:30 p| Gucrnevllle. |7:35p B:20p
j *7:S0Ta| 8:00 al ("oTio'aTsTo i'a
! 5:10 p| 8:COp| Glen Ellen. j 6:QS p| C:2O p
7:30 at 8:00 a| 110:40 a|tO:2O a
3 :30 p| S :30 pi Sebastopol. | T :35 p| u :20 p
STAGES -connect at Green Brae for San
i Qusntln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
! Spring*; at Fulton for, Altruria and Mark West
¦ Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at Gey-
: serville for Skagga Springs: at Cloverdale for
1 the Geysers, Boonevllle and * Greenwood • at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs,, Soda Bay Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy
i Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lake*. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springy Upper Lake. Ponio
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lleriy's'
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvtlle Orr*s
! Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
; Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bra«r«T
Westport. Usal: at ' Willlta for Fort Bragc'
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto.' Covello. Layton-
vllle, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris. OI-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .
On Sunday round-trip tickets, to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronicle
bulldln;. <'i || MW*_l?l____s>l__BM^____i
H. C. WHITING, t . R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ast.
EAIXWAY TBAVEL.
! CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
.LEAVES DAILY |
• f at J>:;;o a. m., throng-h In :: days, §
with diner and all trapping*. 3
Ofh.tr Santa re Trains:
7:30 a.m.! for Stockton. Fr_sno. Bakersfleld.
»::W)a. m. Y Merce( j Hanford and Visalla.
8:00 p. m. J
4-PO p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKST OrPICX — 641 Market St., and
Perry Depot, S. P. Also 1118 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. 87 SoutH Tint
St., San Jose.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train.
(Msln Line. Foot of Market Street >
_.»at_ — F«-M D«C«MB«»itt. 1908. — T _
'TOO*. VacaTllle. Winter*. Ramsey f_5r
7'.0tH Denlcls, Sul«un. Elmira *ad Sacra-
mento • 7.Z3I*
7J0_ Vailejo. N»p». C«llsto 2 _. SanU
lUtia, Martinez, San Itamon S.25*
7J0a Silet. LtTermore. Tracy. Latbrov.
Stuc_:oa _••;••• ¦ 7 '* 5 *
I CO* 8h»it* Exprew — O la Da»l»>.
1 UU willUmt (for Purlieu Spring^.
Willows. +frut». Uod Bluff.
Portlnnd. T»<'O'.n». Seattle 7.53P
¦ 00a Onili. Woodland. K nights Lftiutlng.
M»ryt»Hle. OroTlllc 7-»»»
¦ 30* Port Co»ta. Slart!nsz. Antloca.
ByroD, Traer. Stockton, N«»-
m«n. Los Banos. Mendota,
ArmoM. Hanford. Vtiaita.
Porterrllle .- ••••" 4 «Z6»
1.30a Tort Costa. Martt-ea, Tri»cr, Lath-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno
Gos-flu .IuoctK>n. Hanford.
Vlsalls. Pakersfleld v •••;.- 455 *
••30a STle*, S»a Jose, Llreraiore. Stock-
Jon, (tMllton). lone. Sacramento.
Placervlllti. MarysTllle. Chlc<*
Red BlofT ••? * 25'
norn. Taolumne «ni Ansel* ..... *%**
9 00* Atlantic Erpr«i»—O_dea»ad^»«t. 11.2a*
9.30a Richmond, ilsrtiaex and VTnj
Station* Baa'
1000a The- OTerl«nd Lfmtsed — Osdam.
DenTer. Om»ha. Chicago. «S'?|'
10.00a Lot Anrelr » Pasienjer - Por*
CoJta. Martlnex, Byroa, Tracy.
Lathro?. S toe k t o a, Merced.
K*ymo_d. Fresno. Ootnen June*
tloB, Unnford. Lemoore, Vl»»lta.
n»ker»aeld. Lo* Angele*. ...... £*!»•»
it-COx Raywsrd. Nile* «»<! War Station*. 325^
V 00r BncMtnento UlTer S{e»mer» tll.00>
IZOr Bcnicla, Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knlsbts L»ndlng.j
Marjirtlle. Orortlle and »»M inM .
station*
S_0f H»Tward.Ntles«ndWay8Uti(«».. 755_
S 30r Port Coits, Martlnea. Bjrou.
Tracr. Lathrop. U««e»t<».
Merced. Fresno «nd Way Star
tlons beTocd Port Co«ta..... ... 12-23^
5.30F Martinez. Tranr. Stockton. Lod!... 1025*
4 00r Martloe2,S«nU«mon.V*tleJo,N_pa, .
CalUtoga. _«nt»*Uo*» ??3 4
400* N!!es, Tracr. Stoclcton. Lodl 4.25*
430r Hayward. yilea. Irvlngtoa, San • tS.55*
Jo_p. LlTcnnore I til. 5a*
SCOf The. Owl Limited— Newmta. _o»
rfanoe. Mendota, Fre mo. Talara.
BakeriSekl. Lo* An_eles.
Golden StAie Limited 81aeper.
Oakland tu Los An_ele*. for c_l-
cajo, via C. K. I. A P 8.53*
SJJOr Port Costa, Tr»cy,8t»clttoa 12 2Sp
tS.SOr Howard, S'lles and Saa Joss 7.25*
6. OOP llajward. Kllesund Sun Jose 9 _5*
5 _0p E»»trra Express — O(f_en. Dauvsr.
Omaba. St. LonI*. Chlcaga and
Eut. Port Cost_. B _lc!». Sul-
¦un, Elmlra, Davts. SscrmtnrntJ,
RoclcMn. Auburn. Colfaz.
Trackee. Boca, Ueno, W*<iv
worth, Wtaiemucca fi.23'
6.00p V»llejo, <1«!Iy, except Sunday.... • .,.,
703^ Vatlejo, Suaday <>nly f * 8a '
7.00r t.IchmoDd. ~nn Pablo. Port Coata.
Mart'.nt: and Wny Stations 11.25*
8-CEp OTegoa _ California Ezpre** — S»c-
rams-to, M_ry*y!iie. K»<ldl_c
Portland. Tu_ec Sound and Eaat. 8.55 *
9.10P Uaywnrii. Nile* and San Jose (Sa_-
dnynnlT) 11.S5*
COAST LINE Marrow «a« S e).
'. (Koot of Marlcet Street.)
8.15a XewHtii, .enterTlile. Saa Joia.
Felton. llonlacr Creek, 6«nt»
Crax and Way Station* S-SS*
t2.15r Kewark. Cenutrrtlle. Sao Joss.
'Sew Almmffn. Los G,i:o».F?iton.
Doalder Cr-fi, Saatit Crui and
Principal W»7 Station* ftO-39*
4 1 5 f Newark, 8i»n J ose. Let O«tos and ) tS-SS *
way lutlunn 111055*
<*3 3Qh Hunters Train, Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way Station*. Retarn-
I Ing from Lo» Oato» SKBrtny only. 17 25^
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from _A.N _ UANCISCO. Jf out of Market St. (Slli><>
— tl : 13 t:0O 11:C0a.m. 100 300 515 P.*.
From OAJCLAND. Koot of Broadway — 1*:00 »:„
18:(S 10:00 a.m. 12.CQ 200 400 p.m.
COAST LINE (UroaU tia«»e).
C_*~ (Third an.l '1'a.TngeaJ Street*.)
6.10a San Jo»e and Way SUttfon*. 8.30P
7 00a San Jose and Way Station* ... 5 3"!'
8-OOa K«w Almaden (Tnci., Frld., only), 4.18?
• 00a The Coaster — Stop* only Sao Jo»e.
Gllroy ifonnertlon for HoI11a>
ter). Pajaro. Castrorllls (coa-
« nectlon to aad frum Moiterey
•nd Pacific Orore), S>I1_S9. 8*a
Arrlo, Paso RoMea. Santa Mar
K'xrira. San Lull Obtipo, prlactpal
¦tatlon* tbence Surf iconneetloa
for I.nmpoc). principal *tatto_*
thence Santa B_rbar_,3a_ Baema-
• Tenfisra. Snuifus. Loa Angeles... 10-43*
t.GtU 8aa Jote. Tres Pino*. Capttola,
SantaCrui.Paclnc GroTe.Sallnaa,
Saa Lnli Ublspo and Principal
Way Station* 4.10»
10.30a £an Joia aud Way Stations 1 2I»
! 11-30- Santa Clara, S*u Joie. Los Gatoa
and Way Stations 7.33*
; 1-30p Sao Jote and Way Station* 8-3&A
4-COr Del Monte Kxpresa— Saata Clara,
San Joce. Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects *.: Santa
Clara for Santa Croz, Bonider
Creek and Narrow Oange Points)
at Ci!roy for llollliier, Trea
Pino*, at CastroviU* for Salinas. 12-13f
¦ S-SOp Tres Pino* Wav Paanenrer 10 4"*
' 4 30r San Jo»e and War Sratlons t3C3*
, t& 00*- San Jose. (v!i jiantn CUra> Loa
Gato*. «n.1 Principal Way St_-
tlons (except Suad.tr> rS.COfc
(&.£0p SanJo*eaadPrlnc!palTVayStat?on* $3 43*
ICCr- Snnioi Limltert.— Kedwood. Sta
Jotte. Ollroy.S_lIna«,raso Koblea.
Saa l.uis ohfspo. SnotABiirhara.
I.o* Aosf lei. PeTnlns- El Paso.
Jfew Orleaos. Ni-w Yorfe. Con-
nects at P»Jaro for Santa. Crn» •*
and at C;»»rr.>vt;i«« for Paelaa
: Ororaand W«y Statlcflts 7-19a
I t_ -16p t»n M«tev>,_«rr»rora,ltclraoni.Saa
! - Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
; Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS-43*
• .Or Ssd Jote ami W»y Sutloas S3R»
8 OOr Palo Alto and Way Stations 13.1S*
11.30p _uu;h &aa Francisco, MiUbme. Bar-
lingaroe, San Mateo, Belmont.
San Carlfis> Redwood. Fatr Oaks.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto 9.4S-
•11-30P MajT.eM, Mountain View. Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jo!W ...>.. t9.45»
A for Morn! njr. Pfor Afternoon.
1 Ennday excepted t Saaday only.
a Saturday only.
¦ I Stop* at all station* on Sa_day.
! f_r~Only tnlns stopping at Valencia St. aeat_-a«_
; «n-6:10 „._., 7:0a.m., 11:30 a.«.,3:S0p _^ 6:30 P.M. _¦
} 1:00 p.m.
HTOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VAUEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
*** Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
_* part from San Francisco Daily— 7:00, 8:(1\
9-0O 10:00. 11:00 a. n>.. l'J:20. 1:*3. 3:15. _:1».
6-15 «'15 T:0O. 3:45. 10:20. 11:« p. m.
FROM SAX KAFAF.I, TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily— 5:25, 6:33. 7:40. S:55, 9:?£ t ll:0_ a.
f m., l_:20. 1:4Jn 2:55. U:1j, 4:15. 5:45, «:45,
8:45 10:_0 p. m.
FKOM M1U. VAL.LJ2T TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily— 5: »5. •»:». "«:52. 8:53. 9:M.
11:20 a. m.. 1_:33. 2:00. _:15. 4:C3. &:05. «:05.
"-C3 9:00, 10:__ p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:0O a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. ta. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Iteyes and
•way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— CJ6 Market st
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Le»»e TU Siajalu* f trry Arrive
S-SiFranctoco Pot _______ San Fraacac-
Week bun- """jotT" Sun. I Week
i _??£_. ______ /l^V day, Davy
•II1TT«8:00a |g*i&^S| l*iO_p folicl
*1:4Sp 9:00a ™9a_k______ I:25r2:59?
5:l»f 10:00a wi^rcSgV »:*Or 5:5O^
->~ — 1 _-2_? *•»•«• »:»*•
..¦,.,: -3:15? t'knl * , „
[ *_s—_ Ti_ stm _t * i*mssa «_* -T_r» (__»
nOT I 825 M a_x_t ST.,(N-ort_ Shore Railroad)
•mas I and Savs Axrr o Ftuv, Foot Mar kat Sb
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued from Page Xlne.
father of George Anderses and Mrs. Henry
. Fcokman and the- late Time. Amanda and
Theresa Anderson, a nai'.ve of Sweden, aged ;
53 years 9 months and 6 days.
A!UISTRON<I-ln this city. January 24 1904.
Mary dearly beloved wile of the late James
Armstrong, and mother of Frank K. and
Ktta Armitrong- and Mrf. F. Moe and Mrs.
J. J. r.r-agm. a native of Providence, R. I..
age'i f'O wax?
C_*"J-"rK«i>d:; ;*nd nc*iu«i3' t * n <* e!I are respect-
fully imitMd to atvnd funeral to-morrow
rTuewUy) January- 26. 1904. at 8:30
o'dodk "from his late residence. 670 Hamp-
fhire stre-t thrnre to St. Charles Bor-
romeo'a Ourix-h. T.here a requiem mass will
hr relpbrat»d for the repose of her bouI.
.-ommencinff at B o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Ceireterv_
EARD- In ihe <"ity and County Hospital.'
.Taimary 24. 19O4. Jar.ies Eard. a native of
England, apfd 4- years.
BOND— Passed to a h-ifcher life, in this city,
at his late residence.. 2913 Harrison etreet,
James Edw«rd bclot ed husband of Emma j
• iarratt Pcnd loving: .father of James E. Jr., 1
<;pcrco M Fecderlck W\. Florence I.. Alice
I. Harry C M»x«vll W. and E. Beryl
¦ Hond a riative of _-cok!yn. N. V.. aged 50
vrars 5 month* and 2.'; days. A member of
S_n Fran™ t r. T^-nt. rJflL 18. K. O. T M.. and
.lo-rneymen Batcher** Association. No. 1.
(T_*Kri<ndr _!«i _cq J_intances are respect -
fallv invited to alterd the funeral to-morrow
• Tuesday) .nt J o'clock, fiom the funeral
parlors of Busker & Lunt. 2CC6 Mission
vtrret lit-tweeu Twiit:'- second and Twenty-
Third '< Mission Ma-scnir Temple). Interment |
Mount Olivet Cemetery. i
BnoOKi;?-In Ihis cis*. January 2*. 1904. at j
his residence 330 Twnsit.y- seventh street.
_etw__i Church and Kamboz. Edwin Laud- j
seer, beloved hus _jid of _.i_zie M. l>rookes.
'athrr Ot Blanche Walke;. and brother of
Albert M., Samurl E.. Mu.ry S. and Eijrau
H Brookes. Mrs. L«zrl«* K. Ilowell and Mrs.
Lucy Whe'ler. a native cf Milwaukee. Us..
ap*«i 47 vears Ti tn<«iths aud 12 days.
CTFriend* and &< quair.t;ia~e* •r" respect-
ftiilv invited t.» attf-vd «b<- .funeral services
Tuesday January SB. 1304. at 1 ::50 o clock.
st n«thsny Q>__re__«k>__l Church. Bartlett i
street, near Tv.enty-.VU>. Infrment Cy-
press Lawn Oermtery. by electric car from |
corner of Thirtieth street and J-an Jose ave-
nue at 2:15 o'clock.
DAY— In this city Jarrufcry 24. 1904. John
Hay belovM husban.i Cf Louiso Day. a
native of New Jersey, aged O years 7
months and 13 day*.
tET Remains at tho fur<«ral parlors of the
II. r. Mass* «:omj_.ny. !»17 Mission street.
DEAN— b> Oakland. January 24. 11XU. entered
into rest. Mr?. Emily I«>a.i. mother of
<'har!e* C and James B. IK-an and Mrs.
James G. Allen. ?. native •>( Maryland.
EYR1CH — In Oakland. January _3. 191H. Dora,
beloved mrttc o: I'ieurce E> r.ch. a native of
Ofrm&ny, *ce<2 05 years If. months and 21
days
C^FriendF and _rqu_inta3c<_> are respect-
'ully invited tfl att<*_<l the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the Ger-
man Lutheran Zion's c:i-_reh. corner Twelfth
»nd Mvrtle sir?ets. <">ak!a_d. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. )
FEDUES- In the City atifl County Hospital.
January _4. 1WX. Thonvis Fed_en. a nativ*
or Germany. -K^d 50 ;r_rs.
FIFH— In this ¦ '.ty. Janu.»r>- 22. 1904. Gaius
list Icy, btleved be_b___ of Anna Fish, a
native" of New Yo:k.
CTFuneral _rd interment private.
FOLEY— In this < ity, January 22. 1WH. Mar-
tin F_ley i known es J. R. Carro'-O. a native
of Pennsylvania. a_ed "7 years. A member
cf th» Waiters' _'n1on. l^nes-l No. _0. •
C-Tnenas and acquaintar.ces arc respect-
fully invited to attend the Vuneral Monday,
r.j :» o'clock, fnm th»- p_r%)rs of Porter &
White. 42^ GoH« n Gate avenue. Interment
Cypreys Lawn tVmctery.
GLENNAN— In M_ka«vell. Kauai. II. I.. Jan- j
nary K lS^M, A!hi_n TI. GleiiEan. beloved f-on I
cif .John \Y. and _Lar>' !-• Glennaa and |
ht-oiher '.r Frtd W. . Willian: B. and Florence i
;:. <;|frnan. _.n_tive of R_vood City, Cal.. I
aged _S years.
GOEZ— In this city. January 2Z. 1904. Eliza- i
beth. beloved wife- o! the lat? Paul Goe/. j
p.nd dearly beloved mother of Mrs.. Pauline i
Lanjckuseh aud Omrles Goez. a native of !
V.uit ember* , Getmanr. a^cd t>7 j t >ar3 4 j
bhw tin and S _»y_.
C-'Krit-ndx and aerTjaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attena the funeral to-morrow i
lT_e_d__1. January 2«. at 1 p. m-. from the i
l-arlors, of H. F Suhr _: Co.. 1137 Mission !
."treet. between Sfvcrth and Eighth. Inter- j
aent Mount Olivet Cemetery.
RAGCE&TY — Emma, wile* of F. B. Hagirerty. j
mother ot Raymond and Clara Hagirerty, ana i
. fitter cf JcJm and Dr. Thomas Conlcy, a. j
native or Valiejo.
CTFuncral will take. place at 9:30 j
o'clock Tuesday. January 26, from St. Vln- J
tent's Church. Vallejo.
HAMILTON— In this city. January 22, 1004,
Mary Hamilton, deaily beloved wife of
• Charles Coyle Hamilton. _nd Ucloved sister
of Michael, Daniel. Patrick. John and Peter
Smith. .Mrt. 11. <Jl_uber, Mrs. I-\ Martin of
New York find the late Susan Boyle, a na-
tive of County Cavan, Ireland. iNew York «
pai>ers please cop>\>
CTFnentis and .icquasntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Monday), at _:.'«> o'i-lr>c-k. frcm her lat«
reslJencf, 71S Hampshire street, between
Nineteenth and Twentl<ith. thence to the
OiiUTeh of f-t. <^harles I'orromeo. corner of
Eighteenth and .Shotwell Mreeis. where a
r«ju;em hi^h mass will be- celebrated for the •
repcae ol her soul, coaimt-nclng at 9 o'clock.
# liiie!Tn-.r>t Holy Cruss Cemetery.
HOFFMAN— la this cif.r, January _.1. 1904. j
____betli« beloved wife of Sandor Hoffman, I
inoth°r of J'>neph. Virtor; Gertrude and Ethel j
Hoffman. at«l sister of James and F"rank i
Berry. Mrs. M. Sk-hafer and Mrs. M. Mo<jre. j
.*. __„*¦«• of _ IwciitooL En_land, _gel _S j
rears' and !> <J?;. s-\
ITT'frien.f; and aoqupinl _ncea are respect- •
fu!ly invited to attend :he funeral to-morrow I
• (Tuesday*. «t 0:30 o'clock, from her late [
7 « c;.jont'e. 4^'6 P'rar.klin street, thence in \
i^t. Mary's Cathedral, where a folemn j
requir.m mays will lie celebrated for the j
impose of her «oul. oommencing at 10 !
o'docic Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEt'SLE-n— In Oakland. January 23. 190*. !
Mrs. Mapdalena JCessler. l>e|oved mother cf i
' Aucurt and Arthur ICenler, and grand- I
mother rf Pauline. Emily and Gladys i
l->ss!»r. « native of I>oiraine, France, aped j
79 ytmn 11 months and 11 days.
C_"]"rien<ls and jiequ» fcitances are respect- j
. fully invited to attend f uneral to-morrow J
• Tuesday* at 9 o'clock, from her late re«i- j
«1" nc". S5«i Alice ftreet. «0_k'.and. thrnce to j
- the Church of Immaculate Conception, cor- j
ner Eighth ?nd Jefferson streets. Oakland, !
where a solemn requiem hl?h mass will be |
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com- j
menrtng at 9-.S0 o'cloock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery.
KOLB — In P_!o Alto. January __. l»04. Ed-
ward A. Kolb. beloved husb_nd of Emma
C. IColb. and -father *.l Harrj-. Emma. Ed-
ward, Alfred and Claire Kolb. a native of
Momoe. 'Wis., aired 4U years 3 months and
1» days.
C7 Ft lend* end acquaintanceo ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. January _.*i. 1SH_, at his late resi-
denoe. 7_1 Waverly street. Palo Alto, at 11:30
•/clock. Internment Cj_r_i» Lawn Cemetery
at 1 o't-Uxit.
KCLLMANX — In thi* city, January 23. 1904. '
.\O___t Kui!ma_n. brlovrd brother of Simon.
Lerpold. Moise, Emma and th« late Jarques
KuHmann, a native of France, aeed _1
years.
ICyFriend* an^ acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-<lay (Monday), at 1>:4_ o'clock, at the
K-stdencf- or his brother. 2_11 Sacramento
turret. Please omit flower*.
LACHMAN — In this city. January 23, 1904,
Louif, beloved liusband of the late Amelia
)<su:hman. and father of LcuSs. Saul, ilorris,
Harry and Fanny Lachman. Mrs. J. Simon
<>f iv.ar. !«• anil Mrs. Abe Wilson cf Saera-
inemo. a native of Germany. a_ed 83 veais.
B_TNo!ice of funeral hereafter. Please
nzniz flowers.
LEXSOX — In this city. January 23, 1904,
Mary E., beloved daughter of Ann and the
late Jam"* Lennon. and lovinr Bister of
Jame*. Edward. Joseph and Annie Lennon,
* native of _;_i Franci.'-o.
C-Triends are re*pe«-tfully invited to at-
ten'l the funeral Monday, January 25, at
U ::;o o'tlo". k, from tlie residence, of ' her
motfcT. <5CS Fell street, thence to Eacrcd
ilrait Church, Fell and Killmore streets.
t\liere a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the lepofce tit her soul, commenc-
ing tt JO o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
1 "ejnptpry. Please omit flowers.
LONG— In this city. January 24. 1901. Thomas
Jefferson Ix>njr. beloved brother of Ed. £.
¦ «ind J. M. I>onR. A member or Capitol Lodge
Nc>. 87. 1. O. O. F.. Sacramento. Cal.
f_rriem«lns at the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate I'ndcrtakinK Company, 2475
Mission etrect, near Twanty -first. Funeral
notice hereafter.
LYONfe— la this city. January 2Z, 1904,
<"harie_, deaily beloved husband of Fanny
_yo_a, end father of Beau ice. Gerald. E'ea-
ne-r. Elain-. Ethel. Clari&s« and GeorRe
Lyons, a native of London, Encland. aeed
'4 years 3 months and 9 days. (.London and
New York capers please copy.)
_-*"Kun?ral services Tuesday. January 26,
15*14, at '¦» o'clock a. m.. from his late rcsi-
denee. _12<) Central avenue. Interment
strictly private.
MARVIN— In Phoenix. Ariz.. January 24.
i'»O4. William IValdo Marvin, husband ot
Mary rtatnare Marvin, and father of Leila.
L. Marvin, a^ed 47 years.
ty Notice of funeral hereafter.
• J1(K_XXA — In this city. January 21, 1904,
Manraret. relict of John J. McKenna, mother
of \Vi!ll_m J.. John J.. Ellen and Joseph A.
McKenna, and pister of Mrs. Annie Wetter-
cui-t and Mrs. Either Skou.hlund. a nativo
of Ireland. aseU 48
CSTriends «nd acquaintances ars respect-
fully inMted to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at fe:S0 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission etreet.
Jame« McGinn. Henry Haosen. I
JAMES McGINN & CO.. I
Formerly -"With McGinn Bros . I
Funeral Directoni and Embalmcrs I
_li Edgy et.; Tel. South _70. I
thence to St. Brendan'* Church, where a re-
quiem hirh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her eoul at 9 o'clock. Isterment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
MUND — In this city. January 24, 1904. Rose,
beloved wife of the late Samuel Mund and
beloved mother or Charles J., Sadie, L«o and
Melville Mund. a native of Germany, aged
4'J year*. .
CT'Noilee of funeral hereafter. '
NEALON— In this city. January 22, 1904.
James Nealon. brother of Mrs. J- Flaherty
and Mrs. M. Molloy. a native of County
SHro, Ireland, __ed 69 years. A member of
.Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ignatius Church
and of Marble Finishers' Association.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invltctd to atend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertaken. 866 Mission street,
between Fourth and Fifth, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services at 1:30 o'clsck.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PAETZOLD— In this city. January 23, 1004,
Benjamin Carl Paetzold. dearly beloved hus-
band r>t Franclska Paetzold. and beloved
fatner of Gustave Paetzcld, Mrs. George
Sutor. Mrs. Thomas Greene. Mrs. William
Fecly and Adolph Paetzold, a native of
Germany, aged Cl years 8 months and U
¦ days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
i < Monday.), at 2 o'clock, frcm the aarlors of
Gantner Bros.. 1208 Mission utreet. between
Eighth and Ninth. Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city, January 2T5. 1904, Ed-
mund Powers, beloved husband of Mary
Powers, and father of Eugene F.. Mary and
1 William Powers, a native of Ireland.
(ET Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor _. Co.. 767
Mi5_lon street.
REAGAN— In this city. January 24. 1904.
Jane E.. beloved wife of the late Julius R.
P.eagan. and loving mother of Mrs. Fred
Schloffer. John J. Reagan and Mrs. W. T.
Dwyer. and sister of Mrs. G. Wilbur, a
native of Australia, aged 67 years 2 months
and II days.
REGAN— In tois city. January 24. 1904. Mary
Marie, beloved . daughter of Patrick and
Mary A. Regan, and sister of Daniel,
John. James and Stephen I. P.egan. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 8 months
and 28 days.
RYAN — In this city. January 22, 1304. Thomas,
beloxed husband of Margaret Ryan, brother
of ih» late Mrs. John Gaiety, uncle of *Irt=.
J. Sullivan and Mr*. L. A. Smith, and
brother-in-law of Mrs. P. Kilkenny, a na-
tive of County Cavan. Ireland, aged 5S years
5 months and 15 days. A member of A. O.
H. No. a.
•CFri^nd;: and acquaintances* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Monday), at U:30 o'clock, from his lat»
residence, 5<"A Converse street, off Bryant,
thence to f-t. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHELLER— In this city. January 22, 1304.
Annie Johanna Kcheller, beloved wife of the
late Robert E. Scheller. and mother of
Florence and Kitty Scbeller, a native of
California, aced 35 years.
t_*"Friend-i and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
i Monday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlor*
of J. C. O'Connor &'Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for service*
at 10:r.O o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SCHNIER— In this city. January 24, 1904,
Henry Louis Schnier. belo\_d stepfather of
J.ihn and Ales Deamore, a native of Ohio,
ajred 5.'. years 3 months and 16 days.
OTricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services
Wednesday. January 27, 1904. at 2 o'clock,
from his late residence, northeast corner
of Halght and Stanyan streets, under th«
auspices of Verein Eintracht. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BCHULTZ— la this city. January 24 1904.
Johanna II. Schultz, sister of M. Schultz,
aunt of Grace M. Lowry and Mrs. M. W.
Woody, a native of Germany, aged 72
years.
CyThe remains may be viewed at the
parlor of II. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister
street, until Tuesday. 10 o'clock. Crema-
tion private. Odd Fellows" CJpmetery.
STRIBLK— In this city. January 24. 1904. Hen-
ry K.. beloved husband of Hannah Stribl«
and lather o* Harry. May and Nellie Strlble,
a native of Baltimore. Md.. aged 76 years.
A member of Gentlemen's Sodality, St. Ig-
natius' Church. (Baltimore, Md., papers
please copy.)
|_yRemalns at the parlors ot Carew &
KnKlish. 29 Van Ness avenue. Interment
Sacramento. Cal.
TWAY— In this city. January 24, 1904. Eph,
Infant son of E. F. and Hattie Tway, and
brother of Mabel Tway. a native of San
Francisco. •
WHITE — In the City and County Hospital,
January 24, 1004. Thomas White, a native
of England, aged 28 years.
WIMKEN— In this city. January 24, 1904,
Catherine, beloved wife of George Wlm-
ken. daughter of the late Thomas H.
and Catherine O'Callaghan, and elster of
Mr?. A. C Keppel. Mrs. Frank Ltnehan.
Florence. Thomas H. and the late Frank J.
O"Callaghan. a native of San Francisco,
aged 25 years.
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrovr
?Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul' commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cro«s Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
We herewith desire to express our heart-
feu thanks and appreciation to the many
kind friends for their sympathy, kindness
and the many beautiful floral offerings,
also the members of St. Joseph's Unter-
Ftutzung Ven.-In for the large attendance.
»nd especially the Rev. Father Raphael
Fuhr. O. F. M.. for the kind and sym-
pathetic words spoken in our late bereave-
ment, the loss of our loving husband and
father, Anton Xager.
I.3RS. PAULINA NAGER AND CHILDRENXEW YORK. Jan. 24.—Arrange
ments have been completed for the
holding of America's biggest trap
shooting tournament, the grand handi
cap, at clay birds, at Indianapolis dur
tr.s the week commencing June 6.
PP.OBAELE WINNERS.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 24. — Another
State baseball league was organized
at a meeting held in Sulsun to-day.
This is in addition to the league
formed a week ago In which San Jose,
San Francisco and Sacramento take
the lead. It is announced that there
will be no "bucking" between the two
leagues,' but .baseball devotees say
they do not see how some rivalry can
be avoided. The league organized to
day takes in Vallejo, Sulaun, Napa,
Sacramento Vacaville and San Fran
cisco. A meeting will be held at Val
lejo February 3 to complete arrange
ments. *
Another Baseball League.
Peterson hurriedly left and Mrs. Roll
tried to auiet her mother. The unfor
tunate woman became more violent,
however, and when Ogden was reached
she was placed In a padded cell.
SALT LAKE. Jan. 24.— Sight of her
divorced husband caused Adelia C.
Zahler of Los Angeles to go violently
insane in the railroad depot In this city
to-day. The woman was traveling
from Provo, Utah, to Los Angeles, ac
companied by her daughter, Mrs. J. S.
Roll. At the depot in Salt Lake Lars
Peterson, her divorced husband, ap
peared and sought an interview with
his former wife. She declined to see
him, but he entered the car. When
Mrs. Zahler caught Fight of him she
turned pale, shrieked loudly and other
wise manifested violent emotion.
Attempt of Divorced Husband to In
terview Mrs. Zaliler of Los An
geles Drives Her Insane.
GOES MAD AT SIGHT
OF HER FORMER SPOUSE
Captain J. R. Delamar of New York,
who owns the big copper mine* in
Northern California and is largely In
terested In properties In Nevada and
other Western States, arrived from the
East yesterday and Is registered at the
Palace.
Dr. B. Williams of Fresno Is at the
Lick.
W. F. Knox. a lumber man of Sacra
mento. Is at the Crand.
F. A. Huhn, a capitalist of Santa
Cruz, is at the Palace.
J. J. McSorley. a mining man of
Calaveras. is at the California.
R. E. French, railroad man of
Bakersfleld. is registered at the Grand.
J. M. Gardner, superintendent of an
electric railroad line in Santa Cruz, is
at the Grand.
Judge Thomas R. Hawley of Nevada
arrived from Carson yesterday and Is
staying at the Palace.
~ A. H. Armstrong; president of a
large manufacturing concern of Sand
wich. Mass.. is at the Palace.
Former Congressman Alexander
Stewart of Wisconsin, who. with his
brother. Is ' interested in a big lumber
mill in Shasta County, arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
PERSONAL.
Pickwicks — Knight, goalkcpper; J. Bowcock.
left back: E. Bowcock/ right back; Furber,
left halfback: James, center halfback; Mur
dock, outside left; McGUllvray, right half
back; . Cowan. Inside left; Patterson, center
forward: Watters, inside right; Sheddon. out
side right,
Albion Rovers— Hopford, toalkeeper; John
son, left back; GUchreet, right back; Bayne,
left halfback; Taylor, right haltback; Bradley,
outside left; Duquezne, Inside left; Churchill,
center forward; Tweedie, inside right; Goodlet.
outalde right. ~
BERKELEY, Jan. 24. — The Albion
Rovers defeated the Pickwicks at' as
sociation football this afternoon at
Idora Park, the score at the end being
4 to 1. The Pickwicks were_ out
classed from the first. Their only point
was made in the first half. The
Rovers scored twice in each half. The
line-up of the teams was as follows:
Albion Rovers Defeat Pickwicks.
RIVERSIDE, Jan. 24. - Anothern N.
Rockhill was found n*~ ":red to-night
by his nephew, Harry Beatty, at his
hpme on Monroe street. When Beatty
entered the house he found the body
of Rockhiil with a trunk strap fastened
about the neck and the side of the head
either kicked or beaten in.
The rifled trunks and other evidences
indicate robbery as a motive for the
crime. The only clew is a one-cent
Mexican coin, suggesting that the mur
derer may have been a Mexican.
Rockhill was one of the oldest resi
dents of this valley, having come here
over thirty years ago. He was 71 years
old.
The demands of the league formu
lated to-day in substance contemplate
self-government in all essential par
ticulars, through the medium of a Pa
cific advisory board, which the Ameri
can Kennel Club now maintains on
this coast, but which, it is claimed, is
a mere figurehead, with no authority
to modify existing rules to conform" to
Pacific Coast conditions. The delegates
express slight hope that the New York
club will grant the de
manded. It was determined that, In the
event of the American Kennel Club re
jecting the demands made upon it, all
Northwestern clubs combine to aid the
California members of the league, both
with entries and, if need be, with
money, to the en dthat it may success
fully combat with the American Kennel
Club in that State.
The matter of the- establishment of a
studbook for the registration of Pacific
Coast animals was discussed, but
action Was deferred In deference to the
wishes of the California clubs who de
sire to investigate the advisability of
this step before casting their votes, in
favor of the move.
SEATTLE. Wash., Jan. 24. — At a
conference of Pacific Kennel League
delegates, held in this city to-day .and
participated in by representatives of
every show-giving club on the Pacific
Coast, save the San Francisco Kfennel
Club, the American Kennel Club, from
which the league seceded seven years
ago, was extended a iinal opportunity
to grant self-government to Western
clubs as a condition precedent to their
return to that organization. Delegates
representing the Victoria; Vancouver,
Seattle, Tacoma, Portland, California,
Collie. Old English Sheep Dog, Pacific
Collie and Santa Clara County Kennel
clubs were present.
Extend Final Opportunity to American
Kennel Club to Regain Former
Members.
DOG SHOW CLUBS WANT
NEW ADVISORY BOARD
Prince Ain ed Daouleh succeeds as
Grand Vizier of Persia Mlraa AH As
ghar Kahn, who arrived in San Fran
cisco from the Orient on Saturday on
the steamship Korea. Ali Asghar Kahn
became Grand Vizier in 1898 and held
the position until September 15, 1903,
when the ministry of Persia was reor
ganized and the office of Grand Vizier
abolished. This move was made with
the object of getting rid of Ali Asghar
Khan and advancing the Shah's son-in
law to the high station. Ali Asghar
Khan's eflorts to introduce Western
civilization and extensive reforms Into
the Shah's domains had brought him
into conflict with his soverign and the
letter's intimate advisers.: - ,•
Following his deposition the ex-
Grand Vizier departed from Teheran
for a two years' tour of the workJ, to in
clude a pilgrimage to Mecca. It was
reported at the time that his leaving
Persia meant practically exile, unless
the Shah should at some later day re
consider hia views as to European re
forms and recall his former Prime Min
ister. '«":: : .'
TEHERAN, Persia, Jan. 24.— Prince
Ain ed Daouleh, son-in-law of the
Shah, who hitherto has filled the posi
tion of Minister of the Interior, being
also President of the Council of Min
isters, has been appointed Grand Vizier
and Prime Minister of Persia.
Persian Shah's Son-in-Law
Succeeds to Post Formerly
Held by Ali Asghar Khan
Prominent Itesident of River
side Is Found Dead in
His Home by His Nephew
ROBBER KILLS
IN AGED MAN
According to Edwards' st;ory he was
walking along Xatoma street, between
Fifth and Sixth streets, about 6: SO
o'clock last night, when three men
jumped out of a doorway and attacked
him. After taking his purse, contain
ing $76. Edwards says the footpads
knocked him down and beat him into
unconsciousness.
He claims he recovered hii senses
shortly after midnight. He reported
the affair to Officer Wilson of the
Southern station. Wilson had the
mart removed to the Emergency Hos
pital, where he wa«s found to be suf
fering from several lacerated wound.?
on the head and face and his body
bore marks of having been severely
kicked. . *
Martin Edward', a barber residing
at 7.51 Mission street, relates a thrill
ing story of having been held up anrt
robbed of $76 and then beaten Into
unconsciousness by three footpads on
Natorrfa street last night. He claims
to have lain in an unconscious condi
tion for' more than five hours.
Martin Edwards Relates a Thrllllns
Story of Bold Hold- Up on Xatoma
Street. Near fifth.
NEW YORK. Jan. 24.— Jack Mun
roe end Tom Sharkey have decided to
accept the offer of the National Ath
letic Club of PhiladelDhia and .will
box before that organization next
month. The bout will be for six
rounds and is to take place between
IVrninry 10 and 24. the date to be
selected next week: The sailor and
the miner will battle for 65 per cent
of the gross receipts. — *
The Sailor and the Miner Will Meet
In the Quaker City Next
Month.
MUXROE AXD SIIARKEY
GO TO PHILADELPHIA
If you do, buy your chips from us. Wo
have a' complete stock of chips, playing
cards, dice, chessmen, checkers and a
large variety pf tally cards. Sanborn
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. • '
. Do You Play Poker?
SAN JUAN. P. R., Jan. 24.— News re
ceived here from a good authority in
Santo Domingo says the entire force
under General Jiminez, the revolution
ary leader, is being steadily driven from
Dominican .territory toward the Hay
tiah border.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Havti, Jan. 24.—
General Deschamps and other partisans
of General Jiminez, who took refuge In
the American consulate at Puerta
Plata, have gone on board the United
States cruiser Hartford and will be
taken, to Cuba.". • \ . .
General Jiminez Is at Monte • Cristi.
His cause Is hopeless, as the. Govern
ment troops have won further victories
at Laveca and Moca. \ ..
Revolutionary • Forces Are Beinc
Driven From Santo Domingo and
; Army Is Shattered. '
July 8— One of O. Pratt's wives called at
Tithing office and rehearsed to me her many
wrongs bv Sarah, his first wife. I told her
either to Jcav? Orson or ston talking about It
and snent some time In conversation on the
principles of Orson's philosophy. Many are In
correct. ¦ ¦ '
The diary covers the period from May
27 to September 21, 1857. -
CAUSE OF GENERAL
JIMINEZ IS HOPELESS
May 27 — President Younir heard the letters
brought in by last California mall read, went
upstairs and sealed some women to Brothers
J. Cv Wright and Nicholas of Box Elder.
The rest of the diary is in the hand
writing of Young, including this: :
The diary tells of placing the Ter
ritory under martial' law by Young'3
proclamation, which we are told was
received with approval. A note by
Young's secretary reads: - .
SALT LAKE, Jan. 24.— A diary writ
ten by Brigham Young, the great Mor
mon leader and pioneer, has just been
discovered. It was written in 1857 and
breathes the bitter spirit of the Mor
mons of that day. toward the Govern
ment of the United States. The docu
ment has been compared with other
samples of the first president's hand
writing, and its authenticity cannot be
questioned. Some extracts are ap
pended;
' July 12—1 wish to avoid hostilities with the
United States, but before I will see this people
suffer ae they have done I will draw my
sword in the name of Israel's Gcd and permit
the bones of myself and my family to bleach
with those of my brethren and Etrterfi on the
mountains and say to my brethren, •'Let our
swords fall upon our enernhs."
July «>4 — i raid If General Harney came
hfre I should know the Intention of the Gov
ernment; and it wns carried unanimously that
It Harney crossed the South Pass thi buzzards,
should pick his bones. The feeling of mob
ocracy is rife in the States and the constant
cry Is "Kill the Mormons." Let them try it.
From Urother. Lewis' report th?- United Suites
really seem ifttermlned to make an eruption
with us 'Well, they must abide the conse
quents ' AVhtn I entered the valley, ten
year* aco, I said: "If tho devil .will let us
alone for ten years we will defy them. I
feel the eame way now. I defy all the powers
of darkness."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BARBER CLAI3IS HE WAS
ROBBED BY THREE MEX
Writings of First President
Brigham Young Are Discov
ered in City of Salt Lake
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Jan. 24. — News
has been received here from the fron
tier that Turkey is actively engaged
in conrentrat'ng troops in the Adrian
ople district.
Turkey Concentrating Troops.
gene bowlers of San Francisco
clinched their victory over the Los
Angeles bowling club in a series of
five games at Morley's alleys to-night.
There was little to the match. The
Eugenes won every game and in
creased their lead of ;J00 pins after
l;:st night's play to such an extent that
the local men seemed to lose heart
alter the first two games. The Eu
penes retain the championship and
w'n the $1000 purse that was hunsr up
for the series ol twenty games, half
of which rppv played in San Fran
c'scc two weeks ago. Scores in de
taix follow:
* EUGEN'ES
Russell 181 'l7S 2«4 199 200
I^ap 20H lf>S ]tt) 153 231
Thorpe 1*2 213 ITS M0 210
Shave 233 1»7 1»U ITS 13.3
Bc-rtelsen "J00 107 1*2 1 tS 171 '
Totals 1002 UT,:i K)7 877 1005
LOS ANGELES. . ¦ .. , .
Platt 167 ISO ISi' l«5 i "16£<
Dysing«-t 2«2 217 170 1{>2 172
GUlmao 180 1*>7 162 103 1«7
Simpson 175 ISO 17.'{ W) 156
Lacey 210 1*S 1C5 153 180
Totals 034 9.-52 S51 S63 S10
The 1,/os Angrelos Players Lose Heart
After the First Two
Games.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 24. — The Eu-
KIGEXE BOWLERS DEFEAT
SOUTHERN' MEX DECISIVELY
Driscoll. who has been slightly off
his game recently, played in brilliant
form, scoring three more goals before
the end of the game. Charley Dun
phy scored one for the whites.
Tom Driscoll picked up the ball In
the third period and ran it across the
field unaided for a goal. The whites
made another before the end of the
period aud the reds also scored. Lam
fnn and Dunphy scored for the reds
in the fourth period, tieing the score.
The game, which was played on the
private field of Francis J. Carolan
and was witnessed by a large number
of spectators, was sharply contested
throughout, although some of the
ponies showed a lack of condition
when the pinch came. The reds
started off with a rush, scoring two
goals in the first period. The whites
went them one better in the second
period, scoring three goals. For the
lirst of these Tom Driscoll ran the ball
across the field and Dlaced it for Ezra,
who scored the goal. The reds then
drove outside for a "safety." The
whites had a free stroke for "the goal,
and the ball was sent between* the
posts after a sharp scrimmage. Ezra
scored again near the end of the pe
riod.
S. McNaughton. J. Lawson.
Referee— Cyril Tobin. Timckeei)cr— Joseph
O. Tobin.
Teter D. Martin was a member of
the winning polo team yesterday in
his first important grame since his re
turn to California. As team rriates he
had Tom Driscoll and Ezra, the best
two players on the Held. The whites
won by a score of eight goals to six.
The teams lined ui>:
WHITES. REDS.
T. A. l>riseoll. F\ J. Carolan,
P. L». Martin. C. Dunphy,
E. Ezra, W. McCreery.
Medal choot— Champion class. W. Kwutz
kamm SRI : first class*. John Steiner KW; *ee«wd
elaM, C. G. StrlDpel .1«0; third class. W. XVurt
hach .147; fourth class. H. Corta«n SW>: b*«t
first shf>t. H. Nleolal 24: best last shot. H.
Sehulz 23.
Competition shooting — First class, Loals Ben
del 222: second clasx. Otto Lemeke 205; third
claes, H. Bornholdt 206; fourth class. A. West
phal Ui6.
Xcrddeutfcher Sehuetien Company, monthly
medal shooting — First champion class. F- P.
Schuster 425 rinirs; fecood champion class.
Herman Huber 434: first elan, Geer«;« H.
Bahrs 4^3: second class. J. Lankenau 403; third
class. H. Munster KO; fourth clas*. not repre
sented: bert flr?t shot. J. Lankenau 23; best
last shot. D. SfttfleM 25.
Red Men's Schuetzen Club, monthly bullsey*
shcot — First prize. Captain L. Si«b«'» medal.
Second Lieutenant Henry Schulz S3O: second
pjiie P. H. nulffs 30S: third prize. John D.
Feldermann 783; fourth prize. C. G. Strtppel
OPS: fifth prize, J«>hn Stein#r 10T4.
The clubs that competed at the tar
gets were the Golden Gate Pistol and
Rifle Club, Germania Schuetzen.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Company.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein and
Red Men's Schuetzen Company.
There is much speculation among the
marksmen of California as to what tho
committee of the fourth bundes shoot
ing festival is doing. A number of In
quiries have been sent from here, but
as yet no satisfactory explanation has
been given. As the last Dundes festi
val was held in Shell Mound Park and
a substantial financial balance was
turned over to the present committee,
the riflemen here believe some informa
tion should be given them as to the
nature of the intended programme. Fol
lowing are the scores of the contest
ants:
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
competitor.: flfty,*hot rift> match— F. E Ma
son. 1123; Al Gehret. 1O7D: W. Greaves M.1.
Pistol— W. K. Bia.-w. Of*. 80. S2: E. Cordell
-i- 7 & 72: M - J Wh 'te- «3; H. P. n«taon. 82.
B. P. Jonas. 79. 76; Charles Cleveland.
• 0, ib. 78. Revolver— J. R. Trego. 83. 84, 84.
<0; F. Kruckel, 77, 76, 72. Military revolver—
W. Proll, 84. S3: Charles Cleveland. 72. «>.
63. Rapid lire match, six shots In thirty sec
onds—Dr. D. Smith. 3.V Re-entry rifle match
— M. F. Blass«. 22R. 225. 220. 215. 212; Al
Gehret. 222; W. F. Blasse, 215. 209; Mas Ko
lan<ler. 214. 214. 2C8. 2O1. 203: H. P. Nelson,
200. Silver medals— M. J. White, 202: H P.
Nelson. 200; A. Poulsen. 174, 167: Ed Engjan
dfr. 173, '.42; J. P. Coagmve. 166, 157. 153:
W. Greaves, 175. Gold medals^ — Al Gehret.
22S. William Ehrenpfort. 174.
Germanla Schuetzen Club, monthly bulls
ey« shooting: — Max Kolander. 314: FVed Brandt.
421: M. F. Bla«sp. 423: J. Tunr. 430; Charles
F. Thierbach. 473: William Doell. 818; W. F.
Blasse. 531; Al Gehret. 607: Louis Bendel.
C23- Otto Eremer, 625; D. B. Faktor, 697.
San Francl.«co Schuetr«n Vereln. monthly
competition, bullseye shoot— E. Goetz* 12. Fred
Brandt 132. I>. B. Faktor 154. Cliarle» F. Thler
ba-h IKS. William Goetze 295. Aueust Papa
20sT. Otto Lemcke 323. H. StelUnjr 30«. T>. 8al
fl«!d 373. A. Bertelsen 533. O. Or.nth-r 646.
August Go«tze 637. William Ganas «97. T. P.
Schnnter 74*. H. Zfcker 75O. A. Grantz 794.
CaMaln John Thode 70fi. r>. Stegemana 805. F.
Hefno 845. A AVestthal 094.
Louis Bendel scored 222 rings in the
competition shoot of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein and won the honors
of the club.
Henry Huber led all the members of
the Germanla Schuetzen Club with a
score of 434 rings in the medal compe
tition. Ed Goetze, with 127 points, cur
ried off the honors in the bullseye shoot
ins of the San Francisco Schuetzen
Vereln. Max Kolander, with 314 points,
was high man in the Germanla Club.
A clear sky and light winds enticed
a large number of rlflamen yesterday
to Shell Mound Park. The scores made
by the various contestants were well
above the average.
Frank E. Mason carried off the honors
in the fifty-shot match of the Golden
Gate Club, scoring 1123 points, being an
average of almost 22U out of a possible
25.
DIXON. Jan. 24.— The twenty-dog
stake promoted by the Dixon Coursing
Club to-day proved a successful affair.
The hares were a strong lot and ex
citing coursing resulted. The stake
was won by The Abbot, which defeat
ed Regal Attire in the deciding
course. The results: ;
Hot Time beat Black Bess, The Abbot beat
Knob Hill. Constable Jack beat Driftwood,
Friendless Boy b<--at Matipan, Kitty Van beat
La Belle. Regal Attire beat Woodland Belle.
Valley Pride beat Thelma, Merry Go Round
beat Dixon Boy, Revolving Arrow beat Little
Sister, Bender beat Uncle Silas. . ,
Second round— The Abbot beat Hot Tlmt,
Constable Jack a bye, Regal Attire beat Kitty
Van. Merry Go Round beat Valley Pride,
Bender beat Revolving Arrow.
Third round — The Abbot beat Constable
Jack, Regal Attire beat Merry Go Round,
Bender a bye.
Fourth round — The Abbot beat Bender,
Rf-ral Attire a bye.
Deciding course— The Abbot beat Regal At
tire.
THE ABBOT A WINNER.
Defeats Regal Attire in Deciding
Course at Dixon Park.
Fifth round — Palo Alto beat Mount Uos<».
17-9; Ragtime a bye, Kalr Tralee withdrawn;
Bill r>ugan a bye.
Sixth round— Palo Alto beat Bill Dugan, 7-4;
¦RaKtime a bye!
Deciding course — Palo Alto withdrawn. Rag
time wins by default.
Ragtime, P. J. Horgan's game grey
hound, carried off all the glory yester
day afternoon at Union Coursing Park.
The open stake went to him by default,
as Palo Alto was withdrawn at the last
moment, having exhausted his strength
in a whirlwind course against Bill Du
gan in the sixth round.
The day was an' ideal one for the
sport and the largest crown in many
months was at hand to watch 'em run.
Betting was lively and the shortenders"
were there with many courses, the up
sets coming "at short intervals and tak
ing the wise ones completely by sur
prise.
Ragtime had an easy time of it down
to the deciding course. He beat Mc-
Henry's Cubanola, Miss Green, Adver
tiser and Fair Tralee by default.
Strange as it may seem, he was always
led by the opposing dog, and on several
occasions he seemed out of the running,
yet he always came through strongly
at the finish and won out by many
points. Bill Dugan was the reverse.
He led Palo Alto for a fare ye well in
the sixth round and all but won out,
but his famous opponent made up for
lost time near the finish and made
away with the glory.
Following are the results with Judge
P. J. Reilly's official scores:
Open stake, first round— Free from Flaw
beat Snapper Garrison, 3-2; Lily Wricht beat
Renepade Apache, 10-0; The Referee beat Llt
tleman. 22-11. Mount Rose beat Comstock.
14-7; Fre« Born beat Sempronius, 4-2; Our
Motto beat Liberator. 5-2; Ml Amisro beat
Hudson, 10-S; Van Alba >x>at Niobe. l'.t-«; Iteta
S beat Racinn Auto. 8-5: F«-nli beat Dart
away. S-3; lone Hill beat Anchor, 18-2: Pep
per Hill beat Texas Hoc Hoo, 5-3; J E H
beat Meddltsjme. 13-0; Lilac beat Duhallow,
14-8; Paiu Alto beat Silver Cloud, 15-3; Lord
Granard beat Ka5tlake. S-ti: Miss Gre«n beat
Orslna, 5-2;.Gilmore Girl beat Melrose, 4-3;
Cubanola beat Charmine Thought, 5-1; Rag
time beat MrHenry, 10-ft; Advertiser beat
Shadow, 8-5; Maid cf the Gl#n beat Blonae
Bf«uty. 5-3: Pathfinder beat Hauchty Helen.
5-£ Don Pedro beat Adonis. 11-5; John
Heenan beat Leona, 'JO-5; Clarice beat Dorlg,
12-1: Haphazard beat Gambit, 7-0; Bill Dugan
beat Donnybrook, 7-0; Vandal beat Imperious,
3-2; Apple Ulossom beat Irvlngton Tralee, 7-6;
Ruby Fanky- beat Prt-clta Maid. 24-2; Helen
Hajvs beat Sir Pasha, 8-3; Rector beat Maid
o' Gowrie, S-5; Fair Tralee beat Advance
Guard. S-l: Balendine beat Sea Lion. fci-7;
Woodland Belle beat Tfxfs Jim, 7-2.
Seco/sd round — Free From Ffow bent Lily
Wright. 13-7; Mount Rcse beat The Referee,
16-0; Free Born beat Our Motto, 7-6; Mi Amlgo
beat Van Alba, S-0; Reta S beat Fenii, 12-7:
lone Hill beat Pepj>er Hill. 1S-0; .1 E H beat
Pila?. 6-1; Palo Alta boat I^ird Granard. 4-3;
Miss Oreen beat Gtlmore Girl. 12-9: P*aRtime
beat Cubanola, 5-2: Advertiser beat Matd of the
Glen. 1S-4: Pathfinder beat Don Pedro,
beat Haphazard, S-4; Apple Rlossom bent Van
dal, 4-3; Helen Hayes beat Ituby Hankey, 5-3;
Fair Tralee b»at Rector, 5-3; Woodland .Belle
beat Balendine. -1-.1.
Third round — Mount Roce beat Free From
Flaw. 12 4: Free Horn beat Ml Amigo. 13-7;
Reta S beat lone Hill. .1-0: Palo Alto beat J.
E H, 0-2; Ragtime beat Miss Grei-n, 0-3; Ad
vertiser beat John Heenan, 5-O; Apple Blos
som beat Pathfinder. 8-4; Bill Du(?an beat
Helen Hayes, 10-9; Fair Traloe beat Woodland
Belle. 19-8.
Fourth round — Mount Rose beat Free Born,
11-2; Palo Alto beat Reta R 3-2: Rill Dugan
beat Apple Blossom, 12-!>; Fair Tralee a bye.
One of . the attractions at Oakland
racetrack this week will be the Cali
fornia Oaks fcr three-year-old fillies at J
a mile and a furloag. It is down for
decision Saturday and will be worth
more than $3000. The indications are
that there will be a field of at least
•te'n. 'Among the leading candidates are
_K«.-d Cross Xurse. Libbie Candid. Ro
wena, Silicate, Miss Betty. Oro Rose,
Dungannon. Dorice, 'tt'ir.ifreda, Queen
Fay, Silent Water and WiFtaria.
This, will be the last week of racing
• at Oakland, the sport shifting to Ingle
side next Monday. The iirst big event
there will be the 510,0k) Burns Handi
cap on Saturday, February 6. One of
the best fields that ever contested in
this rich event will face the barrier.
The success- of Dainty in the Lissak
H;:;dieap materially increased the lead
which Walter Jennings has wer the
other owners. His total of winnings is
now $21750. This is a fine showing so
•early in the season. Parker & Thwaites
are se.cnd with $6620. and Barney
Frhreibrr third, his total being $6261.
The New California Jockey Club has
OrstributM JlTO/mo in stakes and
purses. Fifty owners have won sums
in excess of I1C00, as follows:
W. B. Jenn:rs>. $21. "iO: I'arker a.- Thwait^s.
SCC20; B. b-UreiUr. $<StSl: Milton Jone?,
$5^20: il. J. Daly. I514S; ISurr.s & Waterhous*,
f4sur.; T. G. r%reu6)h. *4lW>; C Young.
*'i8^5: \V. FishfT. £:;7<«>; J. F. Newman.
$."5200; S. S. B n<1er & Co.. *-'ViW Lamafney
Bros.. fJ72T.: H. CSS73; W. B. Sink
Jr.. SS13i>. K> anr.R & <^>.. SSlfO; It. S. Foun
tain. $-.!OyO: John F. Schorr. J^fiTS: C. W.
<"harr>^ll. flOr..'»; Boots & Hollenberh, 51!W>;
H. Green, $l>-~i: J. iicAtot.r & Co.. $1!C?>;
T. J. Wellman. |U25: J. Curl. $1705: P. Ryan.
' $177.V U\ J". Majrran-. 11700; A. F. Daw n &
Co.; flOT.V. Fred Ha-j^err.an. Jl»i.'5C»; C. T. Hen
f-i-.H-ll. .<K<:n; J. <". Xealon. tl«i»l; It. A. Smith,
£l<>7r>. Thomas £.- lUavcy. $15.'.O; Hamilton
Stablf, ?!:C5: Mrs. J. Coffey. *UST>; W. \).
P.ar.dall. *1475; Stockton Ptabl*-. JUOO; V.
«li!beri, £1373: T. Cr..w*>. $137i»: Louis Kfmp
nrr. ?12O<»: John P. Millin. flTXy; F. W. Doss.
• ?!"•:.". BlasinKame «¦ Bro.. $1100; Albert Jo
• Ths. $l-'5<»: H. E. Rowll. $1125; C. C. Me
<a^>rty, $117.'.; 1). Cameron. J1175; C. E.
"urray &z Co.. $1175; S. J. and S. Jones,
$1050.
The value of the Harlem National
Handicap has been increased this year
tcr Jir..OO r i. With the exception of the
Derby this will be the richest of the
<'hk-ago stakes. Another new feature
is the Alliance stake with $2000 added
' for «wo-year-o!ds. This latter will be
decided in the fall and its object is to
bring the cream pf the two-year-old
" division together in a championship
test. The distance is six furlongs, and
"here is no entrance fee attached, in
Ijeu of which the starting fee is $100.
¦ There is no liability to owners except
fur actual starters.
E.VTltlKS bT>ll TO-DAY.
First race — F"lvt and one-half furlongs; 3
year-dds; fliinf:
ur (Fountain) ....". f>5
lui'J Lu*ug iSrhrtiber) .• 105
.... Men<lct* <Napa. fctock Farm* 1<>5
5&H*fajeagt) <liilumh) 102
,"<7.,-.t l)unureary (Boras <t Waterhouse). . ..Iti5
5b(i«»*MifcM Kii.gl«*ti; iOareyj t<5
r^".^.; "Kto Manoiji < GUT) ito
".4it;» iiottanh <« artnody* 1U2
i,;:>.s •UarliOT <Koueil) 100
&5VI5 •bta:i iard < l>e Arrntsn) K
b8uO Princemoat (F:ne> l"7
•Annie ii »?mithi 100
5T7Stto«« (1'hoto t-table) 100
&MM>Quaker Girl (Borers) luo
OTtS War T.mc-s O'aticreon* Iu5
fieoaBt rar* — Tfcr«v fcti a half furlongs;
¦nfrii*:! 2->*-ar-oldf ; wiling:
.... Lily Gcl'iir.g tOoSlllis) 110
57K*LMag IMbm iBbots) lutf
ti'J'i Ksc-uovta OStCWan in Co.) 1W
i7jj Ma A:r "MiiiTi l'J«
. . . . tpeaker l'or.tana <Schreiber) 113
Sain — Gralitud*.
r.7S7 Golden Idol «Rou«-It> 10f»
. 57J5 liil! Short <Dcb*cn» 109
r*^i Cairuiitc <liia.s.r.giinie> l'ja
MOKTCSCT lUtSSCU *: Co.) 1VJ
CSS Ctaoonm (Salthl l"9
Eauardo (burn? A: Waterhouse) 1W
• Z'il'J fcac'-haraie cNapa Stock Farm). . .*. ...10ti
Third racr- — Ono rrile and seventy yards; 4
ye^r-oJdt and up: seiliug:
Cbll Sea.rri.»"r tPaitington Bros.) 101
Ij*i«> Tom Kii.Kf>y > •» mier «t Co.) '•••>
57K0 'Larldus iDa'.y) ftt
6811 *E1 i'ilar iHaskt!!) twi
4;A'2 KlmT L <i{uniF^ lui
t7S'jTHrr.m iMagranf) »*J
Ii742 # iir:tsac «Mark!^in> -¦- y«
,>1« 1j*1v Kr-r.' '\\.>l!man( IM
Koriord ittVbbj Iu4
,V",7 Kickutnhc!) iWali) 10*
Z*l<i Kul»e!ik <McAl!)!-ter & Co.* irj
C7&!>'Kmily Oliver (Clark) «4
Fourth race — One and a sixteenth mile*;
thre<r-y<-ar-o!d» B'.'d up; selling:
6743 *Tel«*ooi <Ss.jth) 83
5800 'St. l'us«>J (Humrnm) >C>
PbiC •Keevt-s t Lomasney Bros. ) 1<«>
M05 'Didrrct <.Atkinj 104
: 7- ¦• Rosan* <<:har'pello> 305
'His, Eminence (I'tager) KJti
S7O7 N'amtcr ilKakan) lia
tS15 Lacy Crawford <Schreib»x) 105
Fifth ra'c— Mile and seventy yards: four
year-cidfc and uj«; eeilinjc:
57!><> <">>ugar (.Klunder & Rurnuf 107
r<7MJ *Ojitimo i Bi.ik^rtianj !r".»
:^IT> *Kitty K«l!y <*>Lanl>fltl> 'Ji
fi777 Achi'.lei (McCat>e & Co.).. 107
5754 *GawaIn* «Cottoni *.«U
.'.•¦v« »Bi!i M»cste (McAUster) - »:»
.'•Sll "l-'ra&k Woods (Garden City Stable)., uy
57</7 I O U <Cfaar>iielle) 1O4
'Chickadee IMcCaffertjrl y4
Sixth race — Seven furlonss; four-year-olds
a.nd up; purse:
SWl Grafts (Dlasincanic) 110
t«01 Kuothsayfr <Lamasn<»y Bros.) 10i
.'.^•4 GoliJtU Lljrht <MfCafIert>) 105
J*;3 Futurita «Knlt) ".
5«12 Hgyiuian 1-rmcess 'O'itourke) 10a
5742 MacCJyle <Uoots> 105
h'.'.h Little- fciBier (Uraffi rt & Co.) 105
5702 <Stoer) 105
K.'iO S.ninnau (JenninAs & Co.> 185
C741 ):.¦•:..•, (Frank) 1CS
•Apprentlco allowance.
PRINCE BECOMES
GRAND VIZIER
The Independents defeated the Oc
cidentals in a game of association
football at the Presidio Athletic
grounds yesterday afternoon by a
score of 5 to 0. During the first half
the Independents practically had
everything their own way, the Occi
dentals only securing two trials at the
goal "wTHle the- Independents had four
teen. The first half ended with the
score standing 4. to 0 in favor of the
Independents.
Thi9 showing spurred the Occident
als to greater effort and in the second
half they did some splendid work.
One of the prettiest plays of the game
was made in the second half, when a
penalty kick of the Occidentals was
saved by the clever work of Forbes,
goal-keeper for the Independents. The
line-up was as follows:
Independents. ¦ Position. Occidentals.
Forbes Goal Chlvers
Mechels F.isrht fullback Milne
Armstrcms. Left fullback Robert"
Allison -Ceiter halfback Lloyd
Walsh. Left halfback. ..HUrsin*
Watt Outside right. V. Holland
T. Fav..; Inside rlcht P. Lydon
R. F.lHs Center Grade
E. Fay Inside left Condon
R. Ru«sell Outside left Evans
Defeat Occidentals at Presidio by Five
Goals to Nothing.
INDEPENDENTS SCORE.
A. nisher Outside Left Lees
T. DWber Inside Left Kay
T. S Lydon... Center Forward T\'Hdin«t
J. Smith Inside Right Showell
R. Disher Outside Right Richly
Yesterday morning at Idora Park.
Oakland, six men of the Oakland Hor
nets' second eleven beat an eleven of
the Hospital Corps of Alameda 3 goals
to 2.
In the first period the Thistles. Dlay
ing with the sun in their faces, had
the best of the game, repeatedly putt
ing the Vampire goal in danger. Near
the end of the first half the Thistles
scored a goal, Airth saving at first, but
the ball rebounding off Lyndon and
going into the net.
In the second 'half the Vampires
played a faster game and kept the ball
in the Thistles' territory a good part
of the time. At last Lees centered the
ball and Wilding put it through. The
score was tied and the Vampire sup
porters • were wildly enthusiastic.
Neither side scored again and the
match ended in a tie. The team work
of the Thistles was, as usual, excel
lent and every man in the eleven
played well.. The Vampires worked
hard, Petersen rendering the greatest
service at back. Harwood being con
spicuous in the half-back line and
Showell and Buchly on' the forward
line. The result of the match makes
it almost certain that the Thistles will
win the championship of the Califor
nia League this season. Arthur Rob
inson was referee, giving general sat
isfaction by the promptness and cor
rectness of his decisions. The teams
lined up in the following positions:
Thistles Positions. Vampires.
Lowe Goalkeeper Airth
Tiernoy Left Back Petersen
Forrest Right Back Theberge
Taylor Left Half Back Harwood
Duncan Center Half Back Turner
McGregor Rijtht Half Back Glarner
The Vampires and the Thistles
played a tie match yesterday after
noon on the cricket ground at Alameda
for the championship of the California
Association Football League, each
team scoring one goal. The contest
was watched by" several hundred spec
tators and was the most interesting
that has taken place during the present
season.
L. C. Bnzarth and G. W. 3urnatt beat
Merle Johnson and Dr. Noble, «-3; Sidney
Salisbury and Frank Strins;ham beat Frank
Mitchell r.nd Drumrr.ond MacGavin. «-4, 5-7,
6-4, .1-6. 6-4; Joe Tobin tied W. S. MacGavin,.
7-5. 4-tJ: Dr. Lovesrove beat Harold Spring,
H-4; Dr. and Mrs. l»veKrove beat E. P. Rob
bing and Sprins, 0-2, fi-2. 6-.-.; Grant Smith
tied Tobtn. 6-2. 4-6: Herbert Gray and Dr.
Noble beat Burnett and Bozarth. 0-4. 5-7. C-4;
Sidney Salisbury beat Bozarth, S-6. 7-5; B. G.
Wood beat L- F.. Wood, 7-5. 4-fi, 8-H; Ray
Cornell beat Harry Rolfe. ' C-l. «-2. 8-0; Rolfe
beat N Ambrose. 4-6. «-3. C-2; Burnett beat
Gus Llfser. fl«4; 4-fi. 15-13.
;The tennis players took advantage of
they warm .weather yesterday and the
courts were crowded from morning un
til night. The feature on fhe California
Club courts was the match between
Clarence Griffin of the Golden Gate
Qlyb and Herbert Schmidt of the Cali
fornia Ciub; ;
The Hever little player from the park
took. the club man, into camp, winning
three sets out of four. Griflln played
a good game throughout, but his oppo
nent was decidedly off in l;;s game. His
net work was poor and. In the back
court he played his oldrtime careless
game. The first two sets were close
and interesting, but th. last two were
one-sided. V • . <
Schmidt played /well in the second iet,
the one he won, but was outplayed in
the other three. /A returp match will
be played on the park 'courts. '• The
"score iin Griffin's favor was 6—4, 3t— 6,
6—2, .6—3.'. •: • ¦ .^- -¦• /. >
The handicap doubles tournament
.commenced three, weeks, ago on the
public courts was completed y^sterdiay.
A. Brabant. and. H. Palmer, two'n^W
comers at the park, carried off the
honors. They beat Horace 'Mann and
G. W. Finch in the finals, which, were
close.. The' losers received the trifling
handicap of "1-6," i which cut no figure
in*. the outcome. Brabant. and Palmer
won three sets out of four.
' J. A. Cole" and • Norman Ambrose
reached the semi-finals in the^ upper
half and Harold -Grabriel' and Robert
Drolla in the lower. The latter, made
an excellent showing considering they
were allowed but "1-6" in each of their
matches. ; Code and Ambrose received
"1-6" from the Hotchkiss brothers and
won The. winners, were, .beat.en in
straight' sets by Brabant and Palmer,
who. gave" odds of "1^6." The winners
play an. awkward, game, but. it proved
effective. Palmer plays entirely on the
back court and his great reach enables
him to get nearly everything. The tour
nament matches resulted as -follows:
Code and Ambrose (1-0) beat, the Hotchkiss
brothers. ' 0-3, C-4; Gabriel and Drolla <l-«)
beat Bates and Finnecran; 7-5. 3-0. 8-2; Bra
bant and Palmer beat Code and Ambrose (l-«i),
6-3; 7-5; Finch and Mann beat Gabriel and
Drolla (1-6), 7-5. H-6; Brabant and Palmer
beat Mann and Finch (1-6). 6-2. 5-7, 7-5, 0-3.
Many good practice matches were
played on the California Club courts.
Frank Stringham and Sidney Salisbury
surprised everybody by beating Drum
mond MacGavin and Frank Mitchell
three sets out of five.
Joseph Tobin was in good form. He
played tie games with W. S. MacGavin
and with Grant Smith. Tobin is play
ing a better game than ever before.
Ray Cornell Is improving rapidly and
in future will be a hard man for second
class players to beat. He won three
sets from Harry Rolfe with ease. Rolfe
redeemed himself by beating Norman
Ambrose of the Golden Gate Club two
sets out of three. ., •
G. W. Burnett and Gus Lisser' played
the longest match of the day, being on
the courts for three or four hours. The
final set was 15 — 13.
The following matches were played:
DIARY SHOWS
MORMON HATE
;'...• v~« — -• .¦ . ;-¦-, ¦;¦¦ .. , ..-,
L. . M. Connell's'.' t ast young courser ;
Pasha -Pleasant' won a decided : victory
yesterday in, the open' stake . at Ingle- •
side Coursing 'Park." ¦ Jerry :•:, 'O'Shea's
veteran; Golden Rule, was, runner-up
in a filial that teemed vvith excitement.
For a time it seemed first money would
be carried home to. the.O'Shea camD.
so speedily did the'.old-timer leave the
slips inv pursuit^'o.f- the,..Jively . jack.
When'the dogs got^.to. ivork. however,
youth told against 'age and -the young
er dog' daptuJred the honors. . ..
Full. Moon " did' some good work in
the stake; but .was put- out. by the ul- I
tlmate runnerrur> in the fourth round
by a ..close . marfffn." ' Golden Rule led
two lengths and Moon Vebmlng in pos
session,- 'made a 1 quick ; kill and - de
stroyed what chalices he^had to win.
Black 'Cooif showed up well, but was
unfortunate. In taking two falls in his
course ivith Crawford j Belle in the
fourth round. The Coon was a;2to s 5
favorite in this -trial. * Favorites ' had
an easy day.andjiut few • short enders
were recorded. -. /. •¦'-' >'¦..'','.¦
Following are" the day's . results with
Judge- 'Thomas >' Tierney's ,-official
scores: •
Openv .stake — First round: Krieky Bar
bara beat Rush Away, 4-0; Cloudburst beat
Olaucus. .5-2: Medley beat Flora Belle. 3-1;
Black Coon beat Barefoot Boy. 5-0: rtadding
ton beat Joe Pasha, 6-2: Crawford Belle beat.
Toronto. 4-2; Texas Betty beat Lulu Girl.
11-7: Intruder beat Van Nora... 5.0; Boots beat
Monhells. 6-1; Pasha Pleasant beat Gold
Chain. 3-1; Firm Fellow beat Rose of Gold.
7-5: Ragged Actor beat Molly Me. 4-2: Menlo
Prince beat Ilariean CS'.ndys. 3-2; Jessie Dear
beat Foxy Quiller. 7-2: Bob R beatCelttc. 7-«:
Fancy Free beat Roy HuKhie, 4-2; Trouble
some beat Lily York. S-l; Kreswlck. beat Lit
tle Lucy. ."1-2: Mejllnwood beat Fannie Hughl<\
fi-3; Clover Blossom beat. Ploughman, S-3:
Jerry Wright beat Bonnie Pasha.' 3-2: Red
Pepper beat High Born. 6-5; JUsyal Friend
beat Topay Turyy, 10-2; "\VedKewoo<i beat. Rich
Argosy. :i-0; Full Moon beat Sllevenamon, 7-1 r
little Plunger beat. General . De • .Wet, • 4-2; .
Golden Rule beat Comiqa*, -5-3; Una-' beat
Prometheus. 8-2; Homer Boy beat Yellowtail.
7-.1; Conroy heat Vikinir. 12-5; Frisky Boy beat
Rent Ducfcess. 7-2; Odd Eyes beat Mountain
Poet. r>-0.
Second round— CioudbuiKt bent"Fri$ky Bar:
bara. 5-4: Black Coon beat Medley. -3-2; Craw,
ford Belle I*- at Hadrlir.eton. t!-2;. Intruder
beat Texas Betty. 4-1: . Pasha Pleasant beat
Boots. 8-1: RasKed Actor beat Firm Fellow,
fi-O: Menlo Prince beat Jessie Dear. 8-0;. Celtic
'bent Fancy Free. 7-2, Troublesome b?at Kr.es
wlck, 3-l;t MHlir.wood beat Clover." Blossom.
ft-<:; Rod Peeper beat Jerry Wright. 4-0;
Wedgowood heat Royal FrUnd. .1-1; Full Moon
beat T ittle Pluncor. 6-4: Golden Rule beat
Una. 4-1: Hr>mer Boy boat Frisky Boy, 6-1:
Conroy beat Odd Eyes, 4-1.
Third round — Black Coon beat Cloudburst.
I5-O; Crawford Belle heart Intruder. 5-1: Pasha
Pleasant beat Haetred Actor, fl-2: Celtic beat
Menlo Prince. 8-3; Troublesome beat Mellin
won.j. 8-2: Red Pepner beat Wedsrewood. 5-3;
Full Moon beat Homer Boy, 8-5; Golden Rule
•beat Ccnroy, 4-0.
Fourth round — Crawford Belle beat Black
Coon, S-3; Pasha Plescant beat Celtic. 4-3;
Red PeDprr beat Troublesome, 3-2; . Golden
Rule b*at F»'ll Mor.n, 3-2.
Fifth round — Pasha. Pleasant beat Crawford
Belle, 3-0; Golden Rule beat Red Pepper,
13-2.
Deciding course — Pasha Pleasant beat Goiden
Rule,. 7-4.
Players on Each Side Dispute
Every Inch of the Ground
Throughout Exciting Game
Carries Off the Honors in the
Regular Fifty-Shot Match
of the Golden Gate Club
Amonjr the Starters in This
"Event Will Be Dorice, (")ro
. Hose, Rowena and Silicate
Largest Attendance in Months
Is on Hand to Witness the
Close and Exciting Trials
High ; Class Coursers Compete
in the Open Stake Event, and
FurnishrMany Exciting Trials
Though Star-Spangled Scotch
men Pepper Opponents' Goal,
Only One Shot Lands in Net
SPECTATORS DELIGHTED
CALIFORNIA OAKS NEXT
THE CONTEST IS SHARP
MASON'S HIGH AVERAGE
MANY SHORTENDERS WIN
A. Braban t anil H. Palraea* Prove
; Victorious in the Handicap
I Doujbles "on 'Public Grounds
PARK TOURNAMENT- ENDS
TALENT HAS AN EASY DAY
Has a Lead Over Other Owners
in Amount of Coin Earned
That A\ ill Not Be Overcome
With Excellent Weather Condi
tions Scores Above the Aver
age Are Made at Shell Mound
Defaults to Ragtime in Decid
es ing Course at Union Park
After Beating Bill Dugan
Pasha Pleasant Captures the
Deciding Course From Jerry
0' Shea's Hound Golden Rule
Defeats Herbert Schmidt Hand
ily in a Special 31atch on
the California Club Courts
"With Driscoll and Ezra as Team
Mates lie Scores in Bur
lingaine Country Club 3Iatch
Both Sides Score One Goal in
Keen of Association
Football on Alameda Field
MARTIN PLAYS
WINNING POLO
LIGHT FAVORS
THE RIFLEMEN
HARD COURSING
FOR PALO ALTO
VAMPIRES TIE
THISTLE TEAM
FAST RUNNING
AT INGLESIDE
GBIFFIN PLAYS
CLEVER TENNIS
JENNINGS NOW
FAR IN FRONT
SPORTS OF THE RACECOURSE, THE FOOTBALL GRIDIRON, THE COURSING SWARD AND THE POLO FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 25; 1904.
WE13ER. Ida.. Jan. 24.— By th» col!api» of
a mill building at Meadows, la the northern
part cf this county. Frank Hill was killed and
his brother Jasper may die from Injuries r«-
Tetved BBSSbS
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. •
CHINESE GIRL TELLS
OF ABDUCTOR'S CRUELTY
Ely Secures Portland Club.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 24.— The
owners of the Portland Baseball As
sociation of the. Pacific Coast League
decided to-night to sell to ; W. Fred
Ely and his brother.. Benjamin Ely,
a controlling interest In the club. The
consideration. It is stated, is to be
$20,000.. The management of the club
for the coming year, has been a matter
of considerable surmise here. -The
decision to sell to Ely practically set
tles the management and it is stated
several men who have been kept wait
ing In the East pending the action of
the Portland. club will now be signed
and will leave at once for this coast. .
Child Who Wns Stolen In Salinas Is
Restored to Her Mother by
>* a Sheriff.
SALINAS. Jan. 24.— Gut Har. a 13
year-old Chinese girl, who was abduct
ed from the local Chinatown by Jan
anese, was recovered at Riverside by
Sheriff Nesbitt of this county and re
stored to her mother after an absence
of two months. The girl tells a story
of cruelties committed by her several
abductors at a camp in Orange Grove,
six miles from Riverside* She escaped
from them Thursday and when found
was dressed in boys' clothes, with her
hair cut short. Arrests will soon be
made. .'
BARK GOES ASHORE
OX ENGLISH COAST
Marlborough Hill, Bc;:nd From San
Francisco for Lelth, Is Stranded
Near Bridlinxton.
LONDON. Jan. 24.— The British bark
Marlborough Hill. Captain McMillan,
from San Francisco for Leith, is
stranded six miles south of Bridlington,
Yorkshire. :.,,,.
First race — z.ustlff, Tarsrttte, Quaker
Girl.
Second race— Speaker Fontana, Golden
lacl. Sea A:r. ''-J,'--'
Tiara race — Lapidus, Lady Kent, Wor
ford.
Tcurth race — Telephone, If am tor. Sis
Emiacace.
Fifth race— Chickadee, Kitty Kelly.
Gawaine.
Sixth race— Saserdon, Grafter. Sooth
sayer. ;:,:
Waller S. Italian's Ponies Here.
Walter S. Hobart'a string of polo
and racing ponies arrived here yester
day in charge of Heath, his head
trainer. The ponies have been at
Porterville for some time and will be
ready for Mr. Hobart upon his arrival
here.
Irapsliootins Tom-nament Dates.
11Boy Accidentally Shot.
. Fritz Schmiedeake, ' a -13-year-old
boy, residing at 372 Fulton street, was
accidentally shot in the arm while
playing with a small revolver, yester
day afternoon. He was treated at the
Emergency Hospital.' ,
Peter Anderson died at the Central
Emergency"* Hospital " about ";-;o.";. o'clock
yesterday morning and his7body. was
taken to the Morgue. On Saturday aft
ernoon, while employed at the Risdon
Iron Works cleaning boilers, he fell
from a scaffold to Xhe ground, a dis
tance of fifteen .'feet, fracturing his
skull. He was 55 years of age, married
and lived at 1646 Eleventh avenue. -
Dies, From His Injuries.
All druggists sell ADAMSMrfch'Moss, Cough
Balsam under a positive guarantee. 25c. 60c. •
Dies in Prison Cell.
John Thurs, a laborer, was arrested
on Clay street yesterday afternoon
about 1 o'clock by Policeman Connolly
on a charge of intoxication. About 4
o'clocl: he asked Policei. n" Kaskell if
he could not get a drink of coffee. In
a few minutes he was gasping in his
cell, and Sergeant Tobin summoned the
ambulance., fromX the Central Emer
gency Hospital. Dr. Boskowitz came
with the ambulance and when he saw
the body he pronounced life extinct.
The doctor thought death was caused
by alcoholism. The body was removed
to the Morgue. Thurs was '49 'years' of
age. ¦--'•-;.
Child Ls Scalded.
By the accidental upsetting of a ket
tle of boiling water the 6-year-old son
of T. Hurley, residing at 2641 Har
rison street, was severely scalded on
the face and arms yesterday morning.
The child was playing in the kitchen,
when he struck the kettle of water
on the stove. \
"Book night" at the Young Men's He
brew^ Association drew together a large
assemblage at the association building,
jl970 Page street, last night, and- many
were the friends who brought with them
handsome volumes with - which to in
crease the usefulness of the library.
After the books had been presented
and addresses , had been delivered by
Dr. M. S. ' ¦ Levy and Dr. "SaalHeld the
members and their friends resolved
themselves into a social circle and en
joyed a musical entertainment, 'which
was followed with a dance.
. Somr- of -the books which" will adorn
the library shelves as a~ result of "book
night" are rare specimens of literature
and quite costly. ."
for Library, Shelves.
Yonng Men's Hebrew Association Kq
;£fj ceives Costly and Rare Gifts
BOOK NIGHT. PROVES AN
EXTRAORDINARY SUCCESS
This week 25 " per cent reduction on
every heater In stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415. Post street. •
Mrs. Julia Tevlin, who kept a lodging
house at 528 Third street, was discov
ered by one of the roomers. Thomas F.
Bayes, lying on the floor of her kitchen
about 8 o'clock yesterday morning. Life
was extinct. She had placed a pot of
soup on a coal- oil stove to cook and
the stove was burning when Bayes en
tered the kitchen. - She had not been
complaining of being sick, but it is
supposed that" heart failure was the
cause, of death. She was about 40 years
of age.
Two men attempted to hold up Julius
Rivers in his saloon at 316 Sutter street
early, yesterday morning. They en
tered the saloon shortly after 2 o'clock
and sat at a table drinking for. about
two hours. As they rose from the .ta
ble, one of them grabbed a bottle and
struck Rivers on the head with it.
Rivers, although dazed from the ef
fects of the blow, pulled a whistle out
of his pocket and blew lustily for as
sistance. Both men ran out of the sa
loon without taking time to help them
selves to anything.
Policemen Connor and Lanckman and
Special Officer Schmitz heard the whis
tle and- ran to the saloon, but the foot
pads had made their escape. Rivers
was sent to the Central Emergency
Hospital, where a wound on his scalp
was stitched and dressed.
Found Dead in llCrlKitchen.
ATTEMPT MADE TO HOLD
UP A SALOON-KEEPER
Fir»t-class, tickets between San Francisco
and Los Angele?, either direction. Including
stop and two days' entertainment at famous
Hotel del Monte, only $22; children, $14 50.
Privilege of 30 days' stopover. Bathing, boat
ing:, fishln?. driving, riding, automoblllng, golf
ing, etc. Scenery beautiful and grand. Ask,
Southern. Pacific agantc } •
Two Days nt Hotel Del Monte.
I The. ne.w niodel .yacht lake in Golden
Gate. Park-attracted. hundreds of pleas
ure seekers yesterday. As a miniature
body of water it is picturesque and well
situated. Itk Entire surface was dotted
with tiny boats, and young and old en
joyed the sporty Compliments on the
work were ; heard ,bn every hand, and
the Park Commissioners' efforts to give
the people of San Francisco what they
desired in this r"espect have certainly
met with, every expectation. .
The condition of the weather at the
park and: beach yesterday might be
termed "glorious." The cars carried
multitudes oceanward. and every resort
was crowded. People thronged the
beach, and the park was better patron
ized than it has been for along time.
The- driving contingent was also out.
The speedway could afford no more
space and the principal highways of
the park were lined with vehicles.
Little Body of Water and Miniature
Boats Complete p. Picture of
: Interest in Park.
NEW MODEL YACHT LAKE
ATTRACTS L.ARGE CROWDS
"No advance on beef is contemplated,
as the market is well supplied owing to
dealers desiring to get rid of their stock
in order to save the cost of feed.
Whether beef will go up in price is
problematical."
The lack of-rain and the scarcity of
feed are the reasons for a rise in the
price of mutton, which will go into ef
fect in the butcher shops this morning.
One cent per pound will be added to the
price of mutton, a similar raise having
gone into effect last Monday. No ad
vance will be made in the price of beef.
F. Patek of Patek & Co., wholesale
butchers, in speaking of the rise in
prices said:
"Mutton is scarce in California owing
to the lack of rain and the loss of feed,
have been brought from other
States, some from Eastern Utah. The
freight of $1 15 a head for sheep is
equivalent to 2 cents a pound, and this
advance has been added to the retail
price. . •
Mutton Will Cost One Cent n Pound
More and Beef 3Iny Also Be
. Advanced.
LACK OF EARLY IIA1XS
INCREASES PRICE OF MEAT
Refreshment coirmittee^ — Chairman. IL Gut
reit: N!r Ahr«-r.s. Adolf Becker. Dietrich Bull
win>»el, O. K. Falch. John Fischer. Fritz Hage
mann Jr.. Christ Hllbert. David Hlrschfeld.
Karl Lampc. diaries K. I-*ege. Fred Plage
mann. Ulrlrh RemenFperger. Julius Ruediper,
Joh. Thode. O. F. Volz. Louts Zeiss. Sam Bibo,
Captain L. Ricbc.
Decoration committee — Chairman. Edm. Kol
lofrath. Gustav Albert Bohrnd. E. A. Kell,
John L. Ko^ter. Di\ Franz Kuckein, Fritz
Mabenloht. Walter Spefer.
Entertainment committee — Chairman,
Charles Hundschu, Paul Ahnlich. W. II. . Cra
mer. Daniel K'tner, Dr. II. Kreutzmann,' W.
Glindemar.n. Piill Jacoby. Ernst b Hueter
Dr. E. O. Jellinek. Melville Marx, John C.
Mi'pssdorffer Jr., Henry Plagemann, A. Rep
?cl«l.
Music committee— Chairman, Dr. Emil
f=tel«ner, Herm. Barth. Ixmlg Jockers. Dr
Max Magnu*. Rudolf Mayrlsch. Dr. A G.
Ros-enthal. Paul Scholz, I-ouis Schranz, Karl
uhllg. Georte Volkmann, John H. Slevers.
Invitation committee^ — Chairman, Henry
Epstein. Rudolf Herold Jr.. Berth. Blauert,
Havld Feisrenbaum, Frans Jaccby, Paul O. E
Freygeng, Martin Raschcn, W. von Rx>on,
M. Greenblatt. E. A. Dentcke.
Reception committee — Chairman. H. Dan
ker; Caesar Bcrtheatt. Robert Capelle, W
FahreukrufT. Richard Finking, II. Geilfuss, O.
von Gelderrt Charles E. fianren, I. Gutte F".
Gutzkow. Hugo Herzer. Friedr. Hohwlesner.
Henry Horstmann Sr.. Herm. Joost, Adolf
Mayrisch, Gusiave Mayrlsch. John G. Olde
lehr. Dr. Max Rlchter. C B. Rode, Dr Max
Salomon. John D Siebe. A. D. Spreckelj- A
H. R. Schmidt, \V. M. Stapelfeldt, Charles f'
Th'.crbach, Dr. Conrad Weil, Dr. A. Wilhelm
George Tourny, Henry Brunncr. William Haas!
Dr. Charles H. Roese.
Klocr committee— Chairman. A. H. Mueller-
Fritz Hess. Dr. Gust. Dwsel, Louis Roepch.
Wilh. Plajremann. Josef Rtraub. Henry Stel
llng. W. F. .Utinger. Henry Kuhls. Robert
Wiencke.
Finance committee — Chairman M. A. Ber
theau: Henry Brane. J. H. Ankele. Henry
Van Bergen, Joseph Brandensteln, Karl Goeck
er, Adolf Hoclistein. Emil Rohte, Hugo Roths
child.
Press committee— Chairman, F. W. Dohr
mann: William Herrmann, B. Broemmel Au»
gust Hanson, Dr. G. Gutseh, A. Herbst, Emll
C. Priber, Fred C. Slebe. R. Munk.
The golden jubilee of the German
General Benevolent Society will be
celebrated in this city at Mechanics'
Pavilion, February 6 and 7. The
jubilee will be in the nature of a re
union of the four thousand members
of the organization and their friends
for the purpose of enjoyment and also
to stimulate interest in the jjood work
the association is so successfully
carrying on.
The following committees have been
appointed:
Kxecutlv committee — Chairman. C. E
Crunsky; Charles Iluudschu. F*. W. Dohrmann"
Kdv.\ Knllorra:h, )Jr. E. Steltzner H. Gutzeit
H. Epstein, K. C. Priber, M. A. Bertheau'
Karl l.hlig. Dr. Conrad Weil. A. H R
Schmidt.
Benevolent Society Is Planned
for Xcxt Month.
Great Reunion of Members of General
GERMANS TO CELEBRATE
' THEIR GOLDEN JUBILEE
Mrs. Henry T. Allen, wife of General
Allen, chief of the Philippine constabu
lary, was a passenger on the Korea.
£he will spend several weeks in Cali
fornia, visiting different points of in
terest.
Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann
have Font out cards for a dinner in
honor of Mr. and Mrs. Bergerin of
Chicago, which they will give at their
residence, 3414 Washington street, on
Saturday evening, February 6. Mrs.
Bergerin will be remembered as Miss
May Wickersham, daughter of the late
I. G. Wickersham. Twenty friends
have been invited, including Mr. and
Mrs. Irving F. Moulton, Mr. and Mrs.
John D. McKeo, Mr..- and. Mrs. Joseph
Masten. Xr. and Mrs. John W. Phillips.
Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Buckingham, Mr.
and Mrs. William Sesnon, Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick Stolp cf Oakland, Mr. and
Mrs. John Charles Adams of Oakland,
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Bergerin of Chi
cago: Mrs. William Willis and Mr. Gi
B. Turner of London.
relatives and intimate friends attend
ing. Dr. Millberry is a younc dentist,
! §n>instructor at the University of Cal
ifornia Dental College, and was last
; year national president of the Xi Si
j Phi Dental Fraternity. After a wed
i ding trip to Del Monte the young cou
j pie will reside at 221S Larkln street.
What a pleasure it is to look at pretty
photographs? Clot a camera and take
tho photographs yourself. We have
cameras at SO cent? and up. and all cam
era supplies. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
Did You Ever Stop to Think
YOUNG "WOMAN PROMINENT
IN CALIFORNIA WHO WED
DED IN THE EAST.
Resolved. That, in view of the fact that the
navy of the United States Is .at , the present
time composed of no many and such varying
types of vessels as seriously, to mar its ef
fectiveness and confine the vessels of jrreater
speed, coal endurance and other factors of effi
ciency to th« sphere of action of those' of In
ferior description: - • - .- , .
Therefore, to remedy these defect?, we earn
ectly request the .members of the California,
delegation in Congress. Individually and collect
ively, to urge the- national Legislature to take
such action as will remedy these conditions,
and provide a scheme of progressive naval de
velopment along definite lln.es in the immediate
future. ¦ • ¦" . . , ¦ . . •
The San Francisco section of the
Navy League of the United States re
cently adopted resolutions indorsing
the building'of a large navy. Each
member of the California delegation
in Congress has been furni3hed with
a copy of the resolutions, which are
as follows:
Resolved, By the San Francisco section of
tho Navy League of the United States that th«
welfare of the country requires ~th« inaugura
tion of such definite scheme of naval construc
tion, extending over a term of years, ¦ as , will
provide th« country with a < homogeneous. fleet
of war vespels of all needed classes nnd of the
most modern approved type. Tie it further > >-
Itesolved. That In our estimation r the posses
sion of a powerful fleet of the kind referred to
would be a guarantee of peace,- • by ''deterring
other nations from attacking us".'-* Be* It fur
ther . , -:- ¦ " '-•>':' •
Members of the Navy League of the
United States Adopt'Res
olutions. •
Dr. Guy S. Millberry and Mrs. Helen
Earle Sutherland were married in the
Second Swedenborgian Church last
Wednesday afternoon by Rev. Bradford
Leavitt of the First Unitarian Church.
The ceremony was simple, only. a' few
FAVOR MAKING AMERICA
POWERFUL OX THE OCEAN
Miss Eleanor Connell offered an ex
cellent musical programme to twenty
guests recently in her studio, when she
entertained Baron and Baroness Van
Horst. Mrs. H. E. Iluntington. Mrs.
Henry Macfarlane and Mrs. Henry-
Foster Dutton. Among her numbers
was a sonata (Schuman) for piano and
violin; songs, "Gypsy John and "A
Song of Love," Alfred Cogswell: piano
and violin solos. Messrs. F. M. Biceers
and Hother Wismer. and "Elizabeth's
Air of Greeting" (Tanhauser). and
French songs by the hostess.
Saturday was the scene of a brilliant
wedding: in Nsw York, when Miss
Emma Wallace Rutherford, daughter of
Mrs. George Crocker, became the bride I
of Philip Kearney, grandson of Gen- 1
eral John Watts Kearney, he who fis- J
ured so consnicuolsly in California's !
history. - j
The service was performed in St. ;
Thomas Church, the bride being given j
into the keeping of the groom by her j
stepfather. George Crocker. The* church ¦
was lavishly decorated and held a vast j
contingent of the fashionable set of j
Xew York. '
The bride, who is well remembered j
here as "Birdie" Rutherford, was one ;
of the prettiest girls at Miss West's.
She left there lo pursue her studies |
abroad. ',
At the altar the bride was attended i
by her sister. Miss Alice Rutherford.
as maid of honor. The bridesmaids :
were Miss Ella de Peyster. Miss Laura •
Swan, Miss Jessie Fanshawe and Miss ;
Beatrice Wright. Alexander Ruther- ;
ford, John Langdon Erving, Franklin j
Plummer. Henry Ward. John Galloway !
and Gardner Brown acted an ushers, '
and Thomas Kearney was best man. . j
After the ceremony a large reception j
v,as held at the family residence. The I
post-nuptial trip will include a Euro- j
pean tour. !
Hulsworth was a native of England.
a plasterer by occupation, 21 years of
age .ind resided with his brother and
sister-in-law at 1027A Alabama street.
O'Brien was a native of this city. 22
years old and lived "with his parents at
242 Harriet street.
A Coroner's jury was formed and an
inquest held on tho remains of the two
men. The jury brought in a verdict
of accidental death, due to drowning.
The bodies of botli men were removed
to a local undertaking establishment.
A search was immediately institu
ted for the bodies of the two drowned
men. The corpse of O'Brien was
foui;<i r.fier a few minutes, but the
searchers did not discover Hulsworth's
body for an hour. It was found bur
ied In the mud in the bottom of the
stream.
Hulsworth. who w.".s sitting in the
stern, made a rush for the bow, and
in so doing capsized the frail skiff.
The four occupants were thrown into
the water and the boat filled quickly
and sank before they had a chance to
grab hold of it.
Kerr could swim, but the other
thref* were helpless. Bryan managed
to paddle about and was sinking for
lhe third and last time, when E. J.
Hulsworth. brother of one of th*
drowned men. arrived In a boat and
picked m> him and Kerr. Bryan was
exhauster! and did not recover from,
the effects of tho submerging for an
hour after his rescue.
The four young men started out in
the channel to fisb a few minutes be
fore 5 o'clock. None of the party
knew much about handling a boat,
and when the craft bogiin to leak as
soon as they reached the middle or
the stream they became excited and
lost their head?.
Harry E. Hulsworth and Harry
O'Brien, two young mechanics of this
city, were drowned in the channel op
posite the Jupiter Steel Works near
Baden shortly before 5 o'clock yester
day afternoon. The unfortunate men
were fishing: in a small boat at the
time in company with Jbhn Kerr and
William Bryan. The boat began to
leak and in his anxiety to escape Huls
worth capsized the frail craft. The
four occupants tver* thrown into the
water and O'Brien and Hulsworth
were drowned before aid reached
them.
There were many ej*e witnesses to
the tragedv, including Hulsworth's
brother and the la'ter's -wife. As soon
as the boat capsized several men
started from the chore in small skiffs
to the rescue. They succeeded in
saving Kerr and Bryan; who was going
down for Lhe third time, but the other
two had disappea* - ed under the water.
Their bodies were recovered soon after
the accident.
Rescuers Save Another Mem
ber of the Party as He Is
About to Abandon Struggle
Dargal was employed for some
months at the Hedges rooming-house.
82S Powell street, as a waiter and was
discharged last September for boin^
drunk arid quarrelsome. Its annoy»il
Lulu Christensen. a waitress, with hij
attentions and, after his discharge^
used to hang around the lodging-hou^e
to get nn opportunity to speak to her.
Since then he has been employed it]
Fisher's bakery, on Wishinsrton street,
between Seventh and Eighth, Oakland,
and in "Sam's" cigar store, on Ninth
street, between Wnshingttfh and Broad
way, Oakland. He. lives a*, the Vic
toria House. Clay street, Oakland. His
father is an extra policeman In Dar
linirton. S. C.
The woman lives at 637 Po«tt strs't
with a man who, phe save, is her hus
band. He is a tailor. He declared to
the rjolice that he thought his wife was
employed as a waitress in a restau
rant on Washington street.
Detectives Bunner and Freel were
detailed on the case. Both the woman
and Dargal refused to say anything to
them as to the cause of the stabbing.
Yesterday afternoon they again saw
Dargal and he made a statement that
when he entered the woman's room
another man came in and stabbed her
and when he tried to interfere the man
stabbed him.
The officers then went to St. Thomas'
Hospital, where the woman made a
statement. She was very low and was
scarcely able to ! speak. She said she
was sitting in a chair, counting" her
money, when Dargal* opened the door
and spoke pleasantly to her. Without
giving her- any idea of his purpose, ho
leaned over her and thrust the Jtnifo
into her left breast. He placed his hand
over her mouth and, as he drew back
his hand to stab her again, she sum
moned all her strength and pushed him
away. He fell to the floor and she
screamed for help. Sh« saw the crowd
come into her room and Daryal stab
himself and throw the knifo at the
special officr. She said she had never
seen Dargal before, and was satisfied
that he intended to murder and rob
her.
DARGAI/S RAD RECORD.
William Dargal, formerly a member
of the Sixth Cavalry, entered the room
of Lizzie Kazlansky at 1129 Dupont
street early yesterday morning and
found her counting her money. His
cupidity^was aroused to such an extent
by the sight of the coin that he resolved
to murder her for it. Drawing a knife,
he plunged it into the woman's left
breast. He raised the bloody Aveaou'i
to strike again, but she pushed him
away with all her strength and he
slipped and fell to the floor. Ths
woman's screams were heard by Spe
cial Officer Lance and others and they
ran to the room, just as Dargal was
rising from the floor. Dargal, seeing
he could not escape, stabbed himsei'
three times in the left breast and threw
the bloodstained knife at Lance.
Lance notified Policeman Silver and
he summoned the patrol, wagon and
sent Dargal and the woman to the
Harbor Emergency Hospital. The
woman's wound was deemed danger
ous, as the left lung had been pierced,
but Daryal's wounds were not so seri
ous. The woman was 'later sent to St.
Thomas' Hospital, at Page and La
guna streets, and Dargal to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital.
WOMAX MAKES STATEMENT.
Lizzie Kazlaiisky Is Danger
ously Wounded and Assail
ant Tries to End His Own Life
STABS HER IX BREAST
SKIFF IS SOON FILLED
Harry E. Hulsworth and Harry
b'Brien 3Ieet Death While
Fishing in Baden Channel
William Dargal, Former Sol
dier, Attempts to Murder
a Woman to Get Her Money
SIGHT OF COIN
PROMPTS CRIME
TWO MEN DROWN
IS BOAT SINKS
FASHIONABLE THRONG ATTENDS
KEARNEY-RUTHERFORD MARRIAGE
— _ «. — _ —
Many Society Leaders Witness the Wedding
of the Daughter of Mrs. George Crocker
at St. Thomas' Church in-New York City
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALU MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 1904.
: Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Drucclsts. 60c flask. Richard & Co.; 406 Clay.*
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
===THIS WEEK=
On flonday, January 25th, and con-
tinuing all through this week, we will
have on sale full lines of the following
EXTRA VALUES:
50-INCH BASKET WEAVE CHEVIOTS In thS fOlluWlnfJ
co'oMnrjs! Green, Navu, Brown, Roual, Cardinal and
Marin:. Tnese Goods are ybpu suitable for Miiltaro
and Outing Suits. . Price....: SI. 00 Yard
•58-INCH DEVONSHIRE SUITINGS in all the New Mixed
Tweed Efrects. Veru desirable for Tailor Made and
Outing Suits. Price SI.5O Yard
50-INCH BLACK ENGLISH VENETIAN, BLACK BASKET
WEAVE CHEVIOT, BLACK AMAZON CLOTH ani
BLACK ENGLISH HOPSACKING. Prlce.SI.OO Yard
eO-INCH COLORED AMAZON CLOTH, extra flna dual- ,
itu, in shales of Blue, Brown, Green, Tan, Grau ani %
Cardinal. Price SI. 00 Yard •
WHITE MARSEILLES BED SPREADS, extra heavn
qualitu; size suitable for large beds and veru hand-
soms designs PriG3 $3.50 Each
EXTRA LARGE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
borders assorted. Pjlce £4.25 Pair
Besmlar Value. SS.OO.
Our Special Sale Satin Ribbons, Remnants Silks, Rem-
nants Embroideries, and Ladles 1 Muslin Underwear
will be continued ail this week.
11^1 /f~\ T* ITT^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention
l^j\^ I Ey All orders for samples or goods filled
— • * and shipped same day they are received.
l992 - i^S
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET
Keep posted — these weekly
sales help you save money.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tub butter— res'ly zi]4c 1b 25c
Sweat— good — cut full weight
EggS 2 doz 55c
Guaranteed — of course
Sardines — boneless 30c
Lazeran — large can — reg'ly 35c
Puree de toies gras 20c
Teyssonnea'i— French sandwich paste
reg'ly 25c can
Maple Syrup — Hazen 65c |
Pure Vermont sap — reg'ly 75c Ja gal can
Bouillon capsules 25c
Anker — celery flavor — |
reg'ly 30c box of ten
French mustard 20c i
LwUit— different flavors— reg'ly 25c bottls
Anchovies — spiced 30c
Staverger— reg'ly 35c 50c keg 40c ;
French Peas \ 15c
Imported petits pois— reg'ly 20c can
Cocoa— Baker 20c
Best made in America— reg'ly 25c can
Guava Jelly 25c
Reg'ly 30c Jar— $3.50 doz $2.90
Grown and packed in Hawiian Islands ¦
Vinegar— reg'ly 25c bottle 20c
French white wine— extra strength-
no adds — our importation
Wheatena— reg'ly 20c package 15c
BQWEN
Eau de Quinine — Pinaud SOc
Talcum Powder 3 boxes 25c
Lady Jeanette— reg'ry 10c box
Whisk broom 20c
Best grade broom corn — reg'ly 30c
Lap board — Plymouth 65c
Light and durable^ — reg'ly 85c
' Pail— Indurated fibre 30c
No hoops — doesn't leak — reg'ly 40c
Liquor Department
| Whisky— Bulldog Si
R^e or bourbon — reg'ly $1. 25 fall quart
Whisky— Guckenheimer rye $1.15
10 years old — reg'ly $1.45 full quart
I Cocktails — Imperial 90c
6 popular flavors — ready to use—
reg'ly $1.25 bottle
I Rum — Jamaica 75c
Flavor punches — rum and gum $3
! for colds-^-eg'Iy $1 bottte — $4 gallon
! Port — California 45c
Pure^ — fruity flavor — • $1.50
fr reg'ly 60c bottle — $2 gallon
I Cherries in Marasquin 45c
French — over stock — * hoesale price
reg'ly 55c quart bottle
Claret — burgundy 65 c
Extra heavy body— dilute one-third
reg'ly $1 gallon
Catalogue free
Health Food Co., New York
Tea— Curio llbamlster $3
Silver-tipped Formosa Oolong —
choicest tea we import— most delicate
Matches— Vulcan 40c
500 in box— reg'ly SOc dozen —
light anywhere
Toilet soap— Melba 40<;
Plenty of lather— reg'ly 50c doz— 2 doz75c
PT^r^TS^^INV^LIDS^
Fretful babies become calm
and peaceful babies when fed
on Mellin's Food. Mellin's
Food nourishes.
A sample of Me!Iin*» Food costs you nothing
but the asking. Will you not then ask for
it for your baby's sake ? \
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
ESERlHMSMRANIH)
i A postal brings a soliciter to
I take your order if you can't
| come yourself &
j 432 PINE 232 SUTTER
I 2829 California 8an Franolsoo
13th and Clay Streets Oakland
y\ Eyeglasses nl
/ S w
m Spectacles U
V&tZ 4aARKElTSj
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
Cat. on University Hetsht^ overl"k'ns "hi
a««T r «ni ron ; <xt »-«' n *> °f heat or cold.
Irr^.nJ ".* '" " f<l **** frCm "**> UDWard.
»«ph » Sanitarium. San Die so! Cal
&% fl D A fl tf% Ammunition. Hunting ant
B 3 fl I*S %. s rortin B Gotxl». Lar*-*t
H m I a IjU stock. lowest price*. S*ai
W W 1 M %Jf SHRIVE & BARBER CO..
"Z" Market it. and 5ii
Kearny »u \< -\»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rBEE DBTRBVTI0N
MUNYON'S
Arouses Enthusiara of San
Francisco People.
7,563 Bottles Given Away Free
From " Examiner " Office
Saturday. I
FREE J)/S TRIBUTION
CLOSES TO-DAY]
I
Doctors, Jndges, Lawyers aud i
Ministers Among: Those Xow j
Testing This Great Cure.
I
EVERYBODY _JNTERESTED j
Prof. Munyon Claims His Kcm-j
edy AVill Not Only (Jure All
Forms of Indigestion and i
Nervousness but Will Add j
Years to the Average
Life.
STOPS ALL NERVE WASTE
Br Making Good, Rich Blood;
Which Feeds the Whole •
Xervous System.
Munyon's Paw Paw Is to the!
Human Body What Oil Is j
to Machinery-It Takes
Away All Friction,
Tension and
Strain.
i I
AS *e expected, a large crowd thronged i
the office of the Examiner all. day
Saturday. January "3. to obtain Mun-
yon's Paw Paw Remedy. Among the
crowd were some of our best-knoxvn oltl- J
zens — half a deeen doctors obtained a
bottle. One of them volunteered the re- '
mark that he had heard of the curative
oualitles of the remedy and would give
it a thorough trial. One of our leading
lawyers took a dose before he !eft the
»»fl5«"e and said thnt "he expected now to i
live as long as ilethuselah did." Most I
people seem to have an abiding faith in j
this remedy, believing they art going to I
be cured.
One old gentleman said that he be-
lieved in Munyon and in ilunyon's Rem- ]
edy, that Munyon's Rheumatism Cure i
had cared him of a chronic case of j
Rheumatism tbat afflicted him for more j
than fifteen years.
Another gentleman said if this remedy
la as good as his Kidney Cure it should
find its way into every home la * San
Francisco, as Munyon's Kidney Cure ha.i
cured him of a bad case of Kidney ail-
xn<.-nt.
Th* professor would possibly have felt ¦
a little a hashed could lie have heard the
warm rraiBCS that a well-dressed l*dy
• howtrw] upon his family remedies:, j
which rhe said the kept continually in i
the Itousfc.
The crowd was so great at times that '
the. attendant was u:iable to hand out '
the bottles fast enough, and one or two
bystanders v.ere called in to aid him.
TVc hope that every person who suf-
fers ¦with dyspepsia, catarrh, or has any-
thing the matter with his stomach, or
¦uy one who is nervous or cannot sleep,
obtained a bottle before lh-i free saia-
(ica xrtrs all gone.
We would say to those *'io were un-
f ble to call for this free sample that
this remedy is for sale in all the drug
etores throughout the State.
PRICE. LAliGK BOTTLKS. $1. PAW
PAW L.AXAT7VE PILLS. 25 cents.
i
Dollar
D~ • / (\ TCaS
rremiom tL || coffees
1 Free " U s PJe es L
— i*uc t. cents i Baktag: '
with Each w«^#k d j
Worth I Powder
rThey are Beauties q \
A thousand kinds /&} f
to Select from.
It Pays to P
Trade at *
Great- Anerkai! Imparting Tea Co's
Stores
aOXwkrt ao Grant «t. HlJ Polk
UOetxvh Wl» Deriiadera 70S Larkin
roHafeht SOQC Siztaeath K55 Hsyes
8285 XQMfaxi Kl Montr'y are. E2 Market
20087Cfanore 251« Mission 1*6 Ninth
tH Third STg Kth 4«9 Fourth !
CLEARANCE SALE
S. & G. GUMP CO.
CLOSES
JJANUARY^JJOth]
TABHURST 1
\*H^£JRZ^ BRAHD I
I tOAITEt SIZES QBMTEKEKH I
-. -?f- Urrir t *CA»ODY A CO. K
MMXtn et daett acd MoBaith Skirts ¦